VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 84.
POWERS BOMBARD THE INSURGENTS.
First a British Cruiser Opens
Fire and Vessels of Other
Nations Follow.
An Attack Upon the City of Canea
Followed by Most Sensational
Scenes --- Turkish and Greek
Warships Battle.
CANEA, Crete, Feb. 21.— The admirals ■
commanding tbe foreign fleets here yes- |
terday visited Colonel Vassos, the com- I
mander of the Greek army of occupation, ;
at Camp Aghita. What transpired there j
has not been made public, but upon tbe i
return of the admirals they invited the j
commander of the Greek warship Navati- i
chos Miaoulis to visit them. The in vita- !
tion was accepted and when the com
mander met the admirals he was informed
that an attack would be made upon the
Greek troops and the Greek warships if i
Colonel Vassos advanced into the interior. I
. Subsequently to the interview the com- j
mander, accompanied by Rear-Admiral i
. Harris, commanding the British fleet, pro
ceeded to the camp of Colonel Vassos, who
was informed as to the decision that bad
been arrived at by the commanding of
. ficers of the foreign fleet
"; 'This morning the insurgents in the ;
. vicinity of Canea began tiring on tbe town, j
; despite the warnings that had been given. I
The tiring was continued for some time, |
. whereupon the admirals of the foreign
fleets ordered their vessels cleared for j
action, and soon the guns of the fleet were ;
•.throwing shells into the insurgent camp, j
A British cruiser was the tirst of the j
warships to open fire, vessels of the other !
nations following in succession. Forty |
shells were tired.
' The forts tired blank: cartridges at the j
Greek dispatch-boat Plemoa, which had
exchanged shots with a Turkish frigate. j
Alter shots bad been tired by both vessels
the frigate withdrew.
The German warship Kaiserin Augusta j
"has arrived here and landed marines, who !
'will share in the foreign occupation of the
town.' j-.T-V'- . • .. . . "--— -- '■ -—•>"*"
•Later — It has been learned that the ulti- I
L malum of the admirals to Colonel Vassos
* was against his attacking Canea. It' ap- •
parently did not forbid him from march- •
ing into the interior of the island, where j
Colonel Vassos purposes to occupy several j
fttrategic points.
One report states that the ultimatum
declared that if the Greek troops or the j
insurgents approached any nearer to |
Canea than they were the fleets would i
shell them, but -if they were quiet they
would be permitted to land food.
Colonel Vassos replied that he did not
• intend to attack Canea or the flags of the
powers. He would remain on the defen
sive until he was attacked. Notwithstand
ing this assurance lighting took place to
day on the bills to the east of the town. [
The combatants, who were Christians and
Mussulmans only, were in plain view j
• from the ships in the harbor. The reply j
of the Mussulmans to the fire of the Chris
trans was very feeble, and it could easily i
_ be seen that they would be compelled to
abandon their positions if the Christians j
• pressed them. Their gun practice was so |
:• very poor that it excited ridicule on board
the ships.
. The main position of the Christians was i
- lii a hamlet on the side of the hills where
they had hoisted the flag of Greece. This I
- . position was about 4000 yards from ihe i
warship- .
At half-past 4 o'clock the flagship dis- \
. played signals for the Dryad, Harrier and j
Kevenge and one vessel of the Italian,
German and Russian squadrons to op?n
fire on the Cretan position.
The order was quickly complied with. ,
The British vessels tired forty shells and
tho other vessels about thirty. The aim j
of tbe gunners was >cry good, and it was j
soon seen that the position of the insur- i
gents was becoming untenable. In about
ten minutes the Greek flag was hauled j
4 down and as soon as it disappeared the !
I order "Cease tiring" was given and the
guns of the fleet immediately became '
silent. Thereupon the flag was again |
hoisted on its staff. The rocks in t.e vi- ]
cinity were crowded with Cretans.
Tbe Mussulmans, encouraged and" em- i
boldened by the assistance which had been i
given them by the fleets of Christian Eu- J
rope, now began a lively fusillade on the i
Christians who were engaged in remov
ing their wounded. The Christians were j
evidently dispirited by the action of the
fleets, and made no attempt to return the. i
fire.
The action of the foreign warships has ,
caused the deepest indignation here, and '
the supporters of the Sultan are bitterly
denounced on all sides. It i* decided that j
.the powers in upholding Moslem rule by I
force of arras have made a melancholy !
and degrading spectacle that Greece will |
never forget.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 21.— A dispatch
from Athens to the Central News says
"" that the fleets of the powers to-day bom
• barded the insurgent positions in the vi
• cinity of Canea. No details of the bom
bardment are given.
The dispatch adds that the Greek dis- i
patch-boat Pienios has exchanged shots '
with a Turkish frigate, but in this case
'also details are lacking and both reports j
are accepted under reserve,
'i - It is reported that 700 Greeks and a num-
I ber of pieces of artillery have been landed
I at Kisamo Bay.
" A British torpedo-boat stopped the
Greek steamer Laurium, which was land
ing provisions ana munitions of war at
Kolymbar Bay, and e.corted her to Canea.
The excitement in Athens continues
without abatement, and the popular voice
Is loud for war if the annexation of Crete
to Greece can be obtained in uo other way.
&B_-__E£Sti-i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
The populace demand that no attention be .
paid to the warnings and demands of the
powers, but that Greece maintain her po
sition in the face of Europe. A vast crowd
gathered this afternoon in front of the
palace and repeatedly cheered the King '
and the royal princes, whose actions meet
with the fullest approbation. The crowd
finally became so demonstrative tbai the
King appeared upon one of the balconies
of the palace and addressed the people.
He and the Government, he declared,
were fulfilling the mandate ofthe entire
Hellenic people in going to the aid of the ;
struggling Cretans and in seeking to re- j
gain possession of the island. He added '
that he prayed that God would strengthen
their efforts. His Majesty concluded his '■
address by thanking the people for the i
whole-hearted support they had given j
him.
The crowd became wild with delight
over the words of King George and the
applause was deafening when he con- !
eluded. Then after crying again and '
again, "Long live Greece," the crowd i
gradually dispersed.
ROME, Italy, Feb. 21.— The popular
agitation in Italy in favor of the union of
Greece and Crete is increasing daily and it
makes tbe position of th. Government j
difficult. Thirty members of the Cham
ber of Deputies have telegraphed con
gratulations to Athens upon the decided
Stand taken by Greece.
There were important popular manifes- j
tations in several towns to-day in favor of j
Greece. An enthusiastic meeting was j
held in Rome which declared in favor of :
raising a. volunteer corps to assist the i
Greeks in their attempt to free Crete of j
Turkish misrule. ■--- --'■ ... •
After the meeting there was a manifes- J
tation in front of the Greek legation, tbe j
crowd cheering King George and the
Greek people.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tcreey, Feb. 21.—
The Cretan troubles led to a serious fight
here to-day between a number of Greek '
and Turkish porters. Knives were Ireely j
used, and some of the combatants were |
wounded. All those who took part in the j
tight were arrested.
VST .OBEX . JHE POWERS.
Otherwise Greece Will Have Its I'ort.t
Hlochtxded.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. —The Berlin
correspondent ot the Times telegraphs
that there is reason to believe that ihe
powers have given in various degrees pro
visional approval of the German proposal
to blockade the Greek ports in order to
compel Greece to obey the orders of the
powers relative to Crete. The adoption of
tbe German proposal in some form if
Greece remains recalcitrant is becoming
extremely probable.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 21.— 1t is re
ported here that & Turkish transport,
escorted by a British torpedo-boat, is con
veying 1500 soldiers lo Heraklion and
Canea.
(.HSISTIA>& USE OTA A MITE.
JS-talls of the Horror, nf Warfare on the
Island.
LONDON. Eng., Feb. 21.— The Daily
News correspondent at Canea telegraphs a
detailed account of the fighting at and
the abandonment of Fort Voukolis, which
the Christians subsequently blew up with
dynamite. The Moslems lost fifty killed
in the fighting. After the main body of i
Greek troops had returned to Platania
irom Voukolis news arrived that 500 Turks
aud 500 Basni-Bazouks were attempting
to advance from Canea, and that they
were held in check in a defile by a force of
200 Cretans.
Colonel Vassos sent a battalion of in
fantry and a company of chasseurs to
assist the Christiana The country was
difficult to traverse, being heavily wooded,
but the Greeks managed to get through!
Tne Turks, when they learned of the ap
proach of re-enforcements, took positions
on the heigh. sand for throe hours made a
desperate defense. The Greek troops were
all young men who had never seen seivice,
but they fought admirably and drove the
Turks from one position to another and
captured the barrack- at Lavidia and other
posts, which they burned.
The French Warships Duguay-Trouin. and Aub. as They Lay in the Harbor of Papeete Prior to Sailing for the Island of Ra'atea. The Gait eßr ns th- News That '
They Bombarded Several Villages and That Severe Fighting Followed, but the Natives Were Holding Their o*ra and H_d R.thc. Into the Mountain Faitnes.es.
SAN FRANCISCO, , MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
The Moslems retreated, taking with
them three cannon. The Greeks pursued
them to within a mile of Canea and then
retired to Platania. The Turkish loss is
unknown, but numbers of wounded were
taken into Canea. The Greeks suffered
Piatanias, a Port on the Island of Crete a Short Distance West of Canea, is the Headquarters of the
Greek Army of Occupation Under Colonel Vassos. Piatanias Was One of the Places Plun
dered and Shelled by the Turkish Troops in June Last. The Rocky Precipice on the Right
of the Picture Is a Portion of the Uninhabited Island of St. Theodora.
severely. Three officers were killed and
one officer was severely wounded. The
Athenian students' corps fought beside
the troops.
Tne dispatch adds that wounded Mos
lems in the hospitals declare that the
victims of tbe Sarakimos massacre were
offered a saie conduct to Selino. where
they would be exchanged for hostages.
The offer was accepted, but on the inarch
to Selino the Christian escort and other
Christian? attacked and massacred them.
It is further said that it is believed that
the report of the massacre of 2000 Mus
sulmans at Sitia is greatly exaggerate-.'.
The Times has a dspatch from Canea
saying that the admirais of the several
The High Chief Moro, Who Is
the Head and Front of the Re
bellion in the Society Islands*
fleets there have decided to land guns to
defend the town in, the event of the Greek
troops or the insurgents advancing.
CRETE GERM AM POIXT Of VIEW.
There Is Sot .Much Friendship for Greece
in flilliam'* Domain.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 21.—The Ger
man cruiser serin "Augusta, the only
German warship which is to take part in
the blockade of or naval demonstration in
the Piraeus, if such action should be de
cided upon, was at Malta on Thursday
and there received orders to proceed to
Canea and there await further instruc-
; ; —. .. j —-,
Oontinvrd on Second Page.
TAHITI DEFIES FRANCE'S POWER
Islanders Follow Cuba's Example
. and Revolt Against the
Unjust Taxation.
Taking Up Arms, the Natives Retire to
the Mountain Fastnesses and
Prepare to Battle to
the Death.
The cod of war is the only god wor
shiped in the Society Islands just now.
Natives, who originally owned the soil,
think they have a grievance against the
Frenchmen, who control the situation.
The latter own the group by the right of
conquest, but in all the years that have
passed since the Society Islands were
civilized and Papeete became its capital
the natives have been in constant rebel
lion. If trouble has not been brewing on
one island there has been an insurrection
on another, and the French warships
have been kept constantly on the move.
According to the officers of the brig
Galilee, now in this port, the present out
break has been the result of a preconcerted
movement. The natives have been groan
ing under the taxation put upon them by
the Government and many of them have
asserted that they will sooner die than
surrender.
"In the meantime the war spirit grows
, in Papeete,'' said one of the officers of the ]
I Galilee yesterday. "As soon as it was i
' known that there was trouble in Raiatea j
j sixty young men from Tahiti, all native- '•
; born, but of French extraction, volun- |
j teered and equipped themselves for the j
• campaign. They were reviewed before j
| the chief of division and then the Gov- |
j ernor presented them with -a flag which j
tbe ladies of Papeete had made lor them, j
"Some"of them may never see home ;
again. The natives are skilled in bush j
warfare, and while the warships may de- j
stroy tlieir villages and ruin their crops i
they will simply take another location
and erect new barricades.
"On one of the islands they hoisted the
British flag, but the marines stormed the
lort and tore it down. There is no signi
ficance in the matter, as the rebels ran the
flag up in order to keep the soldiers from
attacking them. They were mistaken,
however, as the sequence shows. One of
the warships had just returned to Papeete
when we were teady to sail, and while the
situation was not considered serious the
Government thought enough of it to issue
a call for extra aid."
The papers from Papeete contain very
i full reports of the campaign so far. They
begin with the first muster jujt after
Christmas.
. 'On December 28 the troops were re
viewed by Commandant Bayle under the
eyes of the refugees from Uturea.-. Seven
hundred armed men filed past and this
produced a most salutary effect upon the 1
natives, for they bad not believed that
such a large force could.be mustered,
p. But. the same the rebels, wbo knew of
the demonstration, persisted in maintain
ing that it had .been held only to frighten
them, and that- the troops would not
j march— the English would necessarily in
terpose, etc.
In spite of these absurd opinions, how
ever, desertions, from the rebel ranks be
came numerous. The deserters came over
to the French in groups of a dozen or
more at a time, carrying their guns, all of
one old-fashioned make, and their am*
munition.
Already 500 or 600 of these deserting
rebels bad goue to Utoroa, but only 25
had come from Tevaitoa to give up their
arms. . ,'. .
On December 31 the grand chief. Iri
pau from Tahaa, one of the three Gover
nors of the island, arrived at Tevaitoa.
accompanied by his secretary and ten
other rebels. They had to escape at night
for fear of being shot by their former com
radesat least that is what they said —
for desertion had been made a capital
offense.
On January 1, the amnesty fixed by the ;
Governor's ultimatum having expired, the
troops were divided into two columns.
One column was under orders to march
east and the other west. It was necessary
to occupy the valleys around Uturoa and
to dislodge tne rebels who were there and
who intended, according to certain infor
mation received, to attack the town that
day.
At the same time the Aube and the
I Duguay-Trouin went to Tahaa and bom
| barded the village, It was destroyed.
j Some troops were then landed, among
j them being a company of Tabitians. and
I in the scrimma c which followed Sail
maker Goupil of Bavle's command cap
tured a British flag which had been con
spicuously displayed.
The rebels having fled the troops re
embarked and the two warships proceeded
to Tevaitoa and to Apoa and destroyed
, both those towns.
i "Tevaitoa was bombarded on January 3,
, and after the bombardment a column
under Commander Chocheprat was landed
i to complete the work commenced by tbe
, guns of the ship. The place of landing
i | was some distance away, and while
advancing on the village the column
I j come suddenly upon eighty rebels, who
j had intrenched themselves behind a bit
I of rising ground. The sailors and marines
• j prepared to tire, but, being so close upon
i the rebels, the order to lix bayonets was
, given instead, and the bugle sounded the
, charge. The rush of the French troops
was irresistible. Tue natives defending
I I the ditch were armed with guns and har
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
poon ?, which latter they handled with great
dexterity, and during the tight they gave
vent to savage yells. At first they fought
desperately, but as the French over
whelmed them they fell back on all sides
and soon were routed. It was each one for
himself, and the natives scattered as they
ran, yelling and fighting, each trying to be
the first in the general retreat. They bad
good reason to run, for the' pursuing sail
ors and marines slaughtered all the strag
glers they could overtake, and the line of
the rebels' flight was strewn ' with their
dead.
When once more the French troops
The High Chief Who Is Second in
Command, but to Whom the
French Give the Credit of Being
a Skillful Warrior.
were drawn up in line, their bayonets
still red and their bands stained with
blood, it was found that not one had been
killed. Four men had received trifling
wounds, from which they soon recovered,
and that was ail. But with the natives it
had fared badly. In the ditch which they
had so bravely defended against such
overwhelming odds seventeen of tns
dusky soldiers lay dead, and five more lay
dying, while around the victorious troops
lay scattered the bodies of the natives
j.******" to-dat:
• i .- Perhaps tha
,, New\Voman"will
«&§;% be a stronger wo-
i man than the old
m*^.f<ey<> w one. Certainly,
!\ %H \4 V 1 V fresh air and the
it \_A\iW;///////'^«i "Sbt exercise will
c~/Mw(sn^^ do much for h «.
Vt^^&il Fresh air is a great
Vg^^^^y-pf/ restorative, exerci.se
lfeJ_^^S2_^^k ? great nerve tonic
j^^^M^^i^fy if a woman be in
*'New\Voman"wi_J
•j^rA be a stronger wo
jLi_f raan t^ ian t * le °*d
one. Certainly,
fresh air and the
right exercise will
do much for ber.
Fresh air is a great
restorative, exercise
a great nerve tonic
if a woman be in
♦C^>-^p_K b^AtS condition to take it.
W^K2»^?^;W A healthy woman
tfa^^^lSEO^^ can avoid disease.
*^@_Swi X\* She can avoid ***•
MI V seemingly almost
■tlpplt-ilppf'l'Sal inevitable , ■" weak-
, »M tn\ l»nki ness "of her sex if
•Mi__kl™i she pursues tbe
s\vv liyjill ■>, proper hygienic
v >^ methods. The
'■^"^vl-r**^^ same methods will
J» - > not cure her if she
be already sick.
Taken under medical direction, in con-
nection with the right medicine, they
will help effect a cure. No women who
suffers at all from so-called " female weak-
ness " should attempt athletics of any
sort. She should first put herself into
possession of strong and hearty health by
taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
After she is thoroughly well, exercise and
diversion will help to keep her well. The
cure should come first. Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription is designed and rec-
ommended for only the one thing. It
acts directly ; upon one set of organs. No .
matter what is the matter with them, it
will cure it. It will not cure anything
else. It is a wholesome tonic, an invig- j
orating nervine, or nerve-food as well as
a healing medicine, and thousands of
perfectly well women have found that by
taking it regularly during the period of :
pregnancy, the danger and pain of par-
turition were much . lessened, and in
many cases, almost entirely obviated.
In every American household, there should be
a copy of Dr. Pierces great work, Common
Sense Medical Adviser." 1008 wages, illustrated.
One copy free 10 any address on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay for mailing only. Wor'd'J
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, Si. Y.2
who had been overtaken in flight, and
who were left to lie where they fell.
The effect upon the rebels of the dis
aster at Tevaitoa was very demoralizing;
in fact, it is supposed it has almost
broken the uprising. What the French
want now are the leaders of the insurrec
tion, and as their following has dwindled
before the superior power of the Govern
ment it is expected that they will not be
long at liberty."
m
"Ma'lcious Rumors Refuted."
In the Tahitian newspaper Messager de
Tahiti, the following item, snowing how
the martial spirit of all true lovers of the
tri-color is aroused, is printed:
A simple question. Is it true that white
are fighting in Kmatea, an artilleryman is
walking the streets of this city carrying ahou
a baby belonging to the commander-in-chiel ?
The fact is so remarkable as to need verifica
tion. We should be happy to refute the
malicious rumor. It is bard to believe that
this soldier should be deprived ot bis share of
tbo glory and the dangers when the available
force is so limited that they have to recruit
volunteers
POWERS BOMBARD
THE INSURGENTS
Continued from Fisrt Rage.
tions. The latest phase of the Cretan po
sition confirms the view taken by German
official authorities that the acuteness of
the crisis which prevailed last week is
rapidly abating. Advices from Vienna say
that Count Goluchowski, the Austrian
Minister of Foreign Affairs, held a con
ference yesterday with ihe British and
Russian Embassadors to Austria and as
a result of the interview the Minister was
able to communicate to Emperor Francis
Joseph such reassuring news as justified
the Emperor in making preparations to
start for Cape Martin on Monday for a
. season of recreation.
The situation now inspires no immedi
ate disquietude. Germany submitted, or i
at least will submit, to the behests of the '
united powers, and the outlook for a com
* plete cessation of hostilities is extremely
promising. Whatever may be the ulti
mate result of the Kaiser's sudden inter
, Tention to prevent further aggressive
action the best German opinion credits
his Majesty with having averted the grav
est danger both to Greece and to Europe.
The policy of the Kaiser has in some
quarters been misconstrued as merely fol
lowing the lead of Russia and indifferent
to the claims of the Cretans or their Greek
kinsfolk. But the most reasonable and
least biased view of Berlin diplomacy is
that throu.hout this Cretan trouble it has
aimed at dealing with Crete as an integral
part of the whole Eastern question with
out prejudice to the ultimate claims of
Greece and Crete to have their mutual as
pirations satisfied. The Sultan's confi
dence in the Kaiser's oft-repeated deter
mination to maintain the rights of the
Porte has at this grave junture given the
declarations made independently through
Baron Yon Jeltsch perhaps greater weight
than even the concerted representations
of th** Embassadors.
At Athens also direct German diplo
macy and the Kaiser's personal influence
have been at work to prevent such wide
spread outbreak of hostilities as would
lead to a general conflagration in the
Balkan peninsula. Outside of official cir
cles, where the whole matter is that of
concentrated interest in gettmc Greece to
obey t c great powers, the public tee.'ing
in Germany tends toward sympathy with
the Greco-Cretan movement. It must be
aid, however, that there is no especially
strong sentiment in favor of the Greeks.
Their national character is well known
and has been financially unfavorably felt
in Germany. Bankrupt in finance and
p.ltogether bankrupt in commercial honor,
regardless also of her disrepute as to both,
Greece has lost the savor of tradition
which made romantic her early strugeles
for independence, 'Tis an ill-smelling
Greece that now grabs at the first tidbit
to be distributed when the general scram
ble for Turkey becomes inevitable.
To the German people, as to its Govern
ment, it is not sentiment toward Greece,
but considerations forthe peace of Europe
that come first. Germany now holds nomi
nally 36.000.000 marks of Greek loans upon
which the interest has not been paid and
.possession of Crete would burden Greece
Still more.
The Russian militaty attache at Con
stantinople, Colonel Peachkoff, who was
appointed a member of the commission to
reorganize the Cretan gendarmerie reports
that while in Crete in the performance of
his mission he became convinced that the
Cretans did not wish to be transferred
from a Turkish to a Greek regime, but
would greatly prefer a good home admin
istration. In conclusion Colon I Peach
koff says that should Greece obtain pos
session of Crete the island would become
an intolerable burden to her. -
BERLIN, Germany. Feb. 21.— The Lokal
Anzeiger has a dispatch from Copenha
gen saying that King George of Greece
has telegrapoed to his father, the King of
Denmark, that he is going" to Crete to
command in person the Greek troops
there.
Chicago Greeks Organise.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 21.— Fifteen hun
dred Greeks ol this city met at Central
Music Hall this afternoon in behalf of the
cause of their mother country. Resolu
tions of sympathy with their countrymen
and to King George for the manner in
which they had opposed tho Turks were
adopted, and there is a firm determination
to organize and render what assistance
they can in behalf of the cause.
LOST IN A GALE AT SEA.
Fate of a German Steamer With n Crew
of iff. fire .-en.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 21.— The British
steamer Galilee, which arrived today from
London, made an unsuccessful attempt to
tow the disabled German tank steamer
Diamant into the port of Halifax, N. S.
The captain of the Galilee reports that he
sighted the Diamant February 10 in lati- ,
tude 42 42, longitude 45.44 west. The
latter bad lost her propeller and signaled
for assistance. The Galilee took the dis
abled vessel in tow, but in latitude 43.17,
longitude 57.33, about 8 o'clock on Febru
ary 17 in tbe morning, during a severe gale,
the hawsers parted and the Diamant dis
appeared from view. As the disabled
steamer was proceeding badly the officers
of the Galilee fear she has capsized. A
large portion of tbe Galilee's permanent
port cattle-fittings was lost overboard dur
ing the gale.
After losing the Diamant the Galilee re
mained about the spot eighteen hours, but
could get no sight of the missing vessel.
Signals were burned during the night, but
rip answers were seen. The Gnlilee towed
the Diamant about sixty miles. The latter
vessel was bound from Brernerhaven lor
New York or Philadelphia. She carried
a crew of thirty-five men.
TO CUKJ2 A COLD IX ONE OAT.
Take laxative BromoQuin me Tablets. drug
guts refund the money lt it falls to euro, _5c
GREAT CHANGES IN
THE REICHSRATH
Germany Exercised Over
Results of the Austrian
Elections.
A Political Revolution That Will
Most Likely Strike the
. Fatherland
Revival of Sports at Eerl in— Senator
Wolcott Mike, a Favorable
Impression.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 21.— The de
velopments of the Austrian elections al
most divide interest in Germany with tho
Eastern crisis. The submerging of the
German Liberals, the growth ot the new
Czech and anti-Semite c ements and the
obvious strength of the Clerical party are
all factors which are felt as destined to
have influence upon German affairs, inter
nal and external. Since Dr. Rieger, the
old Czech leader, advised his party at the
convention on the Oth inst. to coalesce
with the young Czechs in the electoral
struggle against Germans, Socialists and
anti-Semites the coalition has been partly
effected. In other sections there are can
didates of the young element opposing
candidates of the old. A forecast gives
some forty seats in the new Reich.rath to
the young Czechs and ten to the old.
The combined factions will demand the
official use of tne language by the admin
istrative and judicial authorities in Bo
hemia, Moravia and Austrian Silesia and
the coronation of the Emperor as King of
Bohemia on the coming commemoration
of the fiftieth anniversary of his ascent to
t..e throne. The coronation question,
long agitated in Bohemia, is believed to
be settled, Count Badini having recom
mended and the Emperor having assented
to it to satisfy the Bohemians.
The Ami - Semite leader, Dr. Lueger,
is now apparently in vigorous health
and has been at aristocratic balls
in Vienna. At one of these, tbe ball at
the Town Hall, whi marks the closing of
the carnival season, the Emperor made
a short stay. He made a sort of state prog
ress through the gothic hall and other com
partments, accompanie.i by a numberof
court notables, the Papal Nuncio and
some church dignitaries. The Jews were,
of course, conspicuous by their absence.
'Anti-Semites and Socialists are nightly
brawling at their meetings at Berlin and
other populous centers. The police only
intervene when bloodshed occurs.
That -trange figure in socio-religiou?
politics, the Abbe Stojalewski, against
whom some twenty sentences for breach
of public order, the press laws or some
thing else have been recorded, has caused
a foment among the Polish peasants in
Galicia which menaces the old privileges
of priests and laudlords to control their
votes.
Stojalewski, who has his headquarters
at Czaleza, near the Galician frontier, has
organized a wide agitation among the
peasants against nobles, priests and Jews.
His Chri.mui socialism has a much more
pronounced leaning toward the socialism
of Karl Marx than anything of the same
name in Germany. It had at least a hold I
for the time-being on a large section of j
Galician pea-ants.
The difl_culty«confronting Bob Kneebes,
the American trotting-horse owner con
victed of ringing a horse on the German
tracks and sentenced to nine months' im
prisonment, in deciding whether to ac
cept his sentence or make a second ap
peal, is largely a question of expense.
Kneebes has been nearly ruined by the
costs of the proceedings against bim, and
it is said ithat he is now to be proceeded
against for attempting to unduly influ
ence certain witnesses, among whom may
be mentioned the hotelkeeper, Nixon, and
Hans, a trainer. If the court proceeds
against Kneebes he will not be let out on
bail alter the expiration of his sentence.
The law allows bard labor for -such an
offense and the court could not assume the
danger of bis absconding. Whatever the
guilt of Kneebes may be, his lot is hard,
considering that he voluntarily came over
from America to stand his first trial.
The many conflicting interests in Berlin
spuria have led to another separaiion of
the short-lived union of the trotting racers.
The Wies.endee trotting race ground will
reopen, while the West End races will
continue as before. It is said that Prince
Smith will again be a leading man in
the Wit sscniee enterprise.
The D.utscher Sport Verein, recently
founded, now includes the ollowing prom
inent leaders of society: Prince Anbert of
Anhalt, Duke Ernest Gut-ther of Schles
wig-Holsiein, Prince Egon yon Fursteu
berg, Prince Henry of Pless, Prince Ed
ouard Saim-Horstmar, Count Wilhelm yon
Hohenau, Count Griebenow, Chief Eu
verry. Count Wedel, General yon Warten
leben and others. Tnis list of sporting
aristocrats is constantly increasing. The
union has adopted rules which stipulate
that they will not only cultivate turf
sports but other gymnastics, golf, cricket,
swimming, etc., and in short undertake
and patronize everything calculated to
benefit sport in the widest acceptance of
the perm. jtsg^
The Tagliche Rundschau, which is sun
posed to have relations with Baron
Marsc'uall you Bieberste.n, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, makes the rather sensa
tional demand that the editors of tue
Socialist Vorwaerts, Herren Beoel, Aver,
Fincherand others, be subpenaed iv the
coming Tausch case, in order that they
may disclose under oath the names ol
Tausch's "hintermanner". or abettors.
The Vorwaerts pretends to know these
names. It will be remembered that Baron
Marschall in his Reichstag speech de
clared that there were no "hinternian
ner," but the Vorwaerts has retorted that
it will take c^ro that the real binter
manner shall not be ignored, suggesting
that the Foreign Oflica well know who
they were, and that it had known them
before the proceedings against Leckert and
Luetzow were instituted, and used these
persons as figureheads. The Tagliche
Rundschau holds that the whole "flight
into publicity" is worth little if after all
the excitement of the trial and the Reich
stag debate the old game of intrigue can
be continued.
The Chancellor has issued a decree or
dering most vigorous inspection of all
shops or warehouses importing or selling
butter, lard, cheese, etc, with a view to
detecting any admixture of oleomargar
me or surrogate oils or fat**; A mo; ion
anent margarine before the Prussian Her
renhaus, proposed by Count Frankenberg,
calls upon the Government to sanction the
mar arine bid parsed ny the Reichstag.
Prince Bismarck in a special letter sup
ports the motion." He argues that the
Prussia** Government ought to have at
tained the conviction that Prussia's vote
in the Bunde.raih respecting the bill is
not understood by the masses of the na
tion.
A press dispatch cabled here from New
York describing an interview which the
New York World claimed to h-tve ob
tained from Prince Bi-marck on tbe sub
ject of the Venezuelan treaty was shown
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
to the ex-Chancellor a day cr so ago, and
the Hamourger Nacbrichten, upon the
authority . of Prince Bismarck, declares
that the Prince has given no interview to
any American or other journalist upon
the subject of the Venezuelan treaty. .»
Dr. Ahlwardt, the Jew baiter, has re
turned from his trip to America and made
his reappearance in the Reichstag. In
response to the efforts which have been
made to induce him to withdraw from the
Keicbsta. he declares that he will not sur
render his scat even if he is paid for doing
so. It has transpired that at a meeting
held by the anti-Semites to discuss the
matter of Ahlwardt's withdrawal it was
decided that the party could not oppose
him if, in the event of bis withdrawal, he
should decide to stand for re-election.
Unite 1 States Senator E. O. Wolcott of
Colorado, who has been visiting Berlin in
the interest of bimetallism, has left h very
favorable impression here with all of the
officials, financiers and others with whom
he came in contact. Despite the negative
aspect which the semi-official press gives
to tbe results of Mr. Wolcott's m ssion, it
is known that he obtained a full discus
sion of the question of summoning an
international monetary conference.
In his interview with Prince Hohen
lohe and Baron Marschall yon Bieber
stein both Ministers advised him that the
condition of his obtaining the co-opera
tion of Germany in calling an interna
tional conference was that he should ob
tain the assent of England to such a meet
ing. Mr. Wolcott had already obtained
the consent of France and so informed the
Ministers.
The Senator had a very interesting in
terview with Dr. Miquel, the Prussian Min
ister of Finance, who toll Mr. Wolcott
that he was sometimes ip favor of bi
metallism and sometimes inclined toward
a irold standard as the circulation, as the
interests of the nation required. Dr. Mi
quel held that the questions for and against
bimetallism could not be answered abso
lutely, as they involved political as well as
economic considerations.
Despite the weakness of the Paris and
Vienna bourses there was a decided re
covery on the Berlin and Frankfort ex
changes. There was a good deal of buy
ing and an increased leeling of confidence
in the maintenance of peace. Pr ces
closed on a level with the opening rates of
the week.
GENERAL HARRISON
IS AGAIN A FATHER
Arrival of a Bouncing Baby Girl
Gladdens the Heme of the
Ex-President.
Chi dish Prattle Will Now Brighten
the Hippy D3laware*Street
Mansion.
INDIANAPOLIS, Isd.. Feb. 2L—Gen
eral Benjamin Harrison is the father of a
little girl, which arrived at the Delaware
street mansion at 5 o'clock this morning.
Dr. Henry Jameson officiated at the event
and under his care Mrs. Harrison and the
daughter are progressing finely.
Indianapolis has been on the gui vive for
this announcement for a month past, and
almost daily tbere have been rumors to the
effect that the child had arrived. Dr.
Jameson was called last night, and with
Mrs. Barmutn, the same nurse wbo at
tended "Baby McKee," was in attendance
until morning. Mrs. Parker, Mrs. Harri
son's sister, was also present, having come
from New York some days ago.
The little girl is a finely formed child
and weighs 8% pounds. Preparations for
the a.rival have been going on at the Har
rison home for months, and the array of
baby clothes that has been made is suffi
cient to satisfy tbe fastidious tastes of even
an ex-President's daughter.
Most of the fine embroideries that tbe
little one will wear were stitched by Mrs.
Harrison's own hands. The wardrobe is
nearly all in pure white, although a faint
shade of blue appears in the ribbons and
in tbe fittings of the cradle.
General Harrison did not sleep during
tbe night and asked tha' hi- daughter be
brought to him shortly after ber arrival.
He seemed to be delighted, and if there
was in bis mind any disappointment that
it was not a boy he gave no indication of
it. This morning was the first Sunday
since his return from* his summer sojourn
in the mountains that General Harrison
has not occupied the family pew in the
First Presbyterian Churoh. The an
nouncement of the arrival had reached the
church, however, and Mrs. Harrison has
been the recipient of a shower of flowers
and little notes of congratulation during
the day.
GHOSTLY MESSENGER OF DEATH.
Inspector of St. Louis Detectives Warned
of His Approachin End by an
Unearth/ V. si tor.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 21.— Inspector
William H. Williams of the city detective
department is a gentleman above re
proach and his word has never been
doubted. This evening he handed a note
to Chief of Detectives Desmond which
astonished tbat veteran. The note stated
that la. night while he (Williams) was
asleep in his room on the third floor of the
Four Courts he was visited by a ghost,
which awakened him and stated that he
had but a short time to live. The spook
advised him to prepare for death. The
visitor vanished through a closed door.
Williams spent to-day in arranging his
worldly affairs. He has made his will,
arranged for pallbearers and written fare
well letters. Corroborative of Williams'
story is the testimony of John Stevens,
janitor of the building, who says he en
countered the ghostly visitor as it passed
through the hail. There is no questioning
the belief of tbe Inspector in the reality
of the visitor and the warning, and tnere
is no disposition among his associates to
ridi cuie him.
Serrn'h It ,y Ad - ent ists.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Feb. 21.— Though the
dry is not observed as the Sabbath by the
Seventh Day Adventists, yesterday being
regarded as the day of r6st, a number ot
the delegates to the World's Conference,
now in session near Lincoln, assisted in
conducting services in other Protestant
chnrchss. Elder Giffield of Boston also
delivered a strong address at the Y. M.
C. A. rooms. Out at College View, where
the big conference is being held, there was
a sermon by Rev. J. A. Breed of Cali
fornia. Tbe line of thought was in the
direction of the activity of those who were
called to the ministry, for he firmly be
lieved that the work in which they were
engaged demanded the most consecrated
effort of anything tbey could do.
The conference is daily growing in In
terest and attendance, with delegates ar
riving from nearly ev^ry civilized nation
of the (-lobe.
Bryan Talks in Missouri.
SEDALIA, Mo.. Feb. 21.— Fully a thou
sand people met William J. Bryan here at
noon Saturday. He came to the rear
platform, but eclined to speak at length,
saying he had spoken here during the
campaign and had been so busy since
shaking hands that he had bad no'time to
prepare a new speech. He was surprised,
however, at so many people being present,
as he supposed that since the mills. in
stead of the mints were opened everybody
would be at. work. Mrs. Biyan and little
daughter also bowed their acknowledg
ments to the crowd. .
ONLY NINE MORE
DAYS FOR WORK
The Fifty -Fourth Congress
Nearing the End of
It Session.
Appropriation Bills Will Occupy
the Remaining Time of
the Senate.
The House to Shut Down on Farther
Expenditures and Clear Up
Necessary Business
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 21.— Only
nine more working days remain for the
Fifty-fourth Congress, and the considera
tion of appropriation bills will compel the
Senate to make up for the time lost in a
futile attempt to ratify the arbitration
treaty, which now appears to have been
shelved. The pending sundry civil and
the naval bills will probably cause some
debate. The President has so far ap
proved the legislative, the consular and
diplomatic, the Military Academy ano the
pension bills. The army bill is in confer
ence, and the agricultural bill was agreed
to in conference yesterday. The Indian
bill is now in the Senate, and will proba
bly not be passed before to-morrow night.
The District of Columbia bill is on the cal
"sidar, and will be called up as soon as the
Indian bill is out of the way. This bill
may lead to protracted debate owing to a
fight ween contending electric-light
companies.
The Appropriations Committee of the
Senate is still considering ihe postoffice.
the sundry civil and the fortifications b lls,
all of which will be reached in two or three
days. Of the remaining appropriation
measures the naval bill and the general
deficiency bill are still in the House.
The bankruptcy bill still maintains its
way as the unfinished business and will
only afford an opportunity for a few
speeches should time permit. There is no
hope of action. Mr. Sherman has said
that he will not again call up the arbitra
tion treaty and no more time will be con
sumed in the consideration of that con-
vontion at this session.
The House will also occupy the re
mainder of its time in a charing up of
necessary business. Three hours' debate
on the Pacific railroads paragraph of the
general deficiency bill will be taken on
Monday in committee of the whole, and
then probably another day will be spent
in going over the measure in open house.
The passage of bills under suspension of
the rules comes in order during the clos
ing days of th. session, but the House
leader, seem determined to sit down on
all measures asking lor further appropria
tions of money.
MARK A. HAKIM WILL
SUCCEED SHERMAN
Governor Bushnell Announces
That Hs Intends to Appoint
the Noted Leader.
Makes th? Premature Statement tc
Appease the Desire of the
Pub for Information..
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 21.— Governor
MARK A. HANNA, Who Will Be Appointed United States Senator
to Succeed John Sherman.
Bushnell furnished the following state
ment to the United As-ociated Presses to
night:
"It had been my intention to make no
announcement in regard to the action I
would take in regard to filling the pros
pective vacancy in the Ohio representa
tion in the United States Senate until the
vacancy actually existed. But on account
of the manifest interest of the people and
their desire to know what will be done, I
deem it best now to make the following
statement: Wuen Senator Sherman re
signs to enter the Cabinet of President
McKinley I will appoint to succeed him
Hon. Marcus A. Hanna of Cuyohoga
County to serve until . bis successor is
chosen by the Seventy-third General As
sembly of the State. I' trust this action
will meet with the approval of the people.
"Asa S. Bushsell."
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Feb. 21.— Mark A.
Hanna was shown the United Associated
Presses dispatch . from Columbus to-ni^-hi
announcing that Governor Bushnell would
appoint him United States Senator to fill
Senator Sherman's unexpired term. The
National Chairman refused to discuss the
matter.
"I do not doubt the authenticity of the
| statement," he said, "but I bave not re
' ■■ : ■ ...
ceived any official notification from the
Governor nor any one else, so you will
have to excuse me from diseasing the
matter. I will say nothing until the offi
cial notification does come.' --.;'-
BUSH\EZL'S PU.UKE COURSE.
Sot a Candidate f,,r senator but for -Re
ri ct on m* Go'-'mor.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 21.— Governor
' Bushnell said to the United Assoc ated
Pre-ses correspondent to-night that he
would be a candidate ior the nomination
of Governor before the Republican State
convention this year an i for that alone.
He would not be a candidate for election
to the Senate by the Legislature now;
probably never would be. The Governor
said he had not reached the determination
to appoint Mr. Hanna sad enly. It had
been in his mmd for several weeks, but
it was his idea that he ought not to pub
licly announce his intention until the va
cancy actually existed.
Governor Bushnell scouted the idea
that he had been induced to appoint
Chairman Hanna by the fact that George
D. Cox of Cincinnati had declared for
him. Governor Bushnell said he consid
ered what the distinguished sei vices of
Mr. Hanna to the party were, and the
standing of Senator Sherman in the party
—the latter having asked that Hanna be
appointed to succeed him, made, it in
cumbent upon him to bestow this honor
as he had determined to do.
> «
GOSSIP PROM CAXTOy.
Mow Said That Judo* McKenna Will Be
tt or ney- General
CANTON, Ohio Feb. '-'I.— Governor "W.
O. Bradley of Kentucky and Bishop
Waldon of Cincinnati were tbe only call
ers upon the President-elect to-day. Gov
ernor Bradley arrived early, and took
dinner with tbe President-elect. He left
for Cleveland in the afternoon to have a
talk wit . Mark Hanna, and was accom
panied by Colonel Myron T. Herrick.
Mr. Hanna is expected hereon Tuesday, i
and there will be several other prominent <
visitors in Canton this week. Colonel J. J.
McCook of New York will probably be
one of tbem, and if he comes he is likely
to be offeied a Cabinet position.
His appointment has not yet been de
cided upon, but the chances are that he
will be the New York man in Major Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet. The belief here to-night
is that he will be given an opportunity to
accept the portfolio of the Interior De
partment.
James A. Gary of Baltimore will proba
bly be Postmaster-General, for there is no
disposition to shift ex-Governor Long of
Massachusetts from the Navy Depart
ment. As a result of this arrangement
Judge McKenna of California will be the
Attorney-General.
Major McKinley did not attend church
to-day and was not feeling quite as well as
usual, though it must not be supposed
that he is in danger of a relapse. Captain
H. O. Heistand, Major McKinley's private
secretary, who has been confined to his
bed by the grip for several days, is much
improved in health and expects to resume
his duties by the middle of the week.
FOR A MONETARY CONFERENCE
House Committee en Coinage, Weights and
Mecsures Makes a Favorable Report
on the Subject.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.— The
House Committee on Coinage, Weights
and Measures has it-red a favorable re
port, with an amendment, on tie resolu
tion providing for the representation of
the United States by commissioners at
any international monetary conference
hereafter to be held. The action of the
committee was practically unanimous, no
division being baa on the motion to report.
The resolution reads:
Whenever after March 4, 1897. the President
of the United Stales shall determine that the
United States should be represented at any in
ternational conference called by the United
States or any other country with a view to
securing by international agreement a fixity
of relative values between gold and silver as
money by means of a common ratio between
these metals, with free mintage at such ratio,
he is bereby authorized to appoint five or more
commissioners to such international confer
ence, and lor compensation of said commis
sioners, and for all reasonable expenses con
nected therewith, to be approved by the Secre
tary of State, including th proportion to be
paid by. the United Mates of ibe joint expense
of any such conference, the sum of $100,000,
or so much there.)! as may be necessary, is
hereby appropriated. And the President of
the United States is hereby authorised in the
name of the Government of the United States
to call at his discretion such international con
ference to assemble at: such point as may be
agreed upon.
The following was added to the bill to
day on motion of C. W. Stone of Pennsyl
vania:
And he Is further authorized, if in his judg
ment the purpo-e specified in the first section
hereof can thus be better obtained, to appoint
one or more special commissioners or envoys
to such oi the nations of Europe as he may
designate, to seek diplomatic negotiations
and international agreement forthe purpose
sp cified in the first section hereof. And in
case of such appointment so much of the ap
propriation herein made as shall be necessary
shall be available for the proper expenses and
compensation of such commissioners or en
voys.
That so much of an act approved March 2,
1895 entitled "An act making appropriation
for the sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal yearendiug June 30, 1896. a.id for
other purposes," as provides for the appoint
ment of dele-rates to an iiiternational confer
ence and makes appropriation for their com
pensation and expenses be and the same is
bereby repealed.
STATE FAIR BILL
RAISES A RUMPUS
Sacramento Angry at the
Promoters of the
Measure.
But Oakland Is Apparently Too
Late to Secure the
Transfer.
S nator Stratton Says Assemblyman
Wright Shon d Have Got to
Work Earlier.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 21.— While
Sacramento is indignant and in some
dread an l Oakland in a state of exultant
hope over the proposition to remove the
State Fair from the Capital City, there is,
accorning to the view of Senator Siratton,
as little prospect of the State Fair going
to Oakland at this time as there is of the
Capitol building itself being.moved to tho
Venice of the Pacific.
The idea was one that originated on the
BDur of the moment. Had it been promul
gated during tbe early portion of the ses
sion of the Legislature there would have
been a good chance of victory for Oakland,
for Alameda County has a contingent in
both houses tbat has made a most enviable
record for energy and intelligence. The
matter .being agitated, however, at this
late stage of the session, when business is
more or less behind and when everything
possible is being done to bring about an
adjournment as soon after the 4th of
March as possible, has little hopes of suc
cess.
No bill that is introduced at this time
has much prospect of passing both houses.
And this would hold good particularly in
reference to any measure that is likely to
arouse antagonism and a resulting heated
and prolonged debate.
Assemblyman Wright introduced "the
bill providing for the transfer of the State
Fair from Sacramento to Oakland yester
day, and the promoters of the project ap
proached Senator Stratton ot Alameda at
the same time and requested him to intro
duce a similar bill in tbe Senate. This
Senator Stratton declined to do, giving as
a reason for his rather unexpected conduct
the opinion he entertained that the bill
stood no chance of success. Speaking to a
representative of The Call in reference to
the matter be said:
"It may seem strange to my friends and
constituents tbat I have refused to father
this bill, but I must say in all candor that
I do not think it has any chance of being
passed coming at this period. Had it been
suggested at a seasonable time I should
have been only too glad to have intro
duced it and to have put forth my best
efforts to secure its passage. I heartily
indorse the proposition and believe it
would be a good t dug for the State at
large and certainly for Oakland, tint a
measure introduced ai tbi. time is almost
certain to be swamped under ordinary
circumstances, and when there is opposed
to it a strong element such- as that com
posed of Sacramento, ail the northern
and even some of the southern counties,
it can readily be seen what little prospect
there is of its ever being permitted to see
day light again after being introduced.
"My action in declining to introduce a
bill of this kind will not prevent me, how
ever, from giving tbe strongest support to
tbe measure submitted to the House by
Assemblyman Wright, should that
measure ever reach lh. Senate."
LEE THREATENS TO RESIGN.
Weary of Battling tor American Prisoners
Without the Backing of the
Administration.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 21.— Rumors
have prevailed all day here that some
thing stirring occurred in Havana yester
day though it cannot be confirmed as yet
in any way. The story is that General
Lee is weary of his work, and is ready and
anxious to resign if the administration
will not back him up in his latest case
that of freeing all American political
suspects in ranK Spanish dungeons, or at
least securing them a speedy civil trial,
such as they are entit'ed to.
The case of Dr. Ruiz, it is claimed,
brought this up. General Lee investi
gated tbe so-called suicide report and dis
credits it. He cabled his suspicions to
Secretary Olney and was told to investi
gate. This he did, and then demanded of
the Spaniards that the body be disinterred
and a po-'t mortem held. This was re
fused. Olney upheld Lee, and finally it
was conceded by the Spaniards. The post
mortem was held yesterday. While it re
vealed no actual traces of foul play, yet
Lee decided that his information was such
as almost to prove it. It is reported that
be and the Spanish officials had sharp
words on the subject.
General Lee then, it is said, cabled Sec
retary Olney that the administration
must uphold bim in bis demand for the
instant release of all Americans unjustly
imprisoned as political suspects, or tbat
they be given speedy civil trials, the de
mand to be enforced with the presence of
American warships. If not, then he would
resign. . .-: X- -
OLNEY MAKES A MOVE.
Demands a Prompt Investigation of the
Dea-h of Ruit.
NEW YORK., N. V., Feb* 22.— A special
cable disp itch to the Herald from Havana
says: Secretary of Sate Olney has de
manded. here and in Madrid a full ex
planation and prompt investigation of the
death of Ricardo Ruiz. The status of the
.Scott case is unchanged.
General Lee has asked that he be in
structed to demand the release of all
American citizens who are he d in Cuba
under circumstances of illegality similar
to th"fe wbie h cb*iracteriz"d the Ruiz cane.
Purify
your blood witb a course of Hood's ._r_apa>
rilla and be strong and vigorous when the
change to warmer weather comes.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
i Unnri'o Pills are tbe oniT pill* to take
[nOUOS l 1115 with Hood' 8 forgaparillf-, .
These instructions, which the most rudi
mentary appreciation of onr National
honor and our self-respect would inspire
in the breast of a porter or a messenger
boy in the department, will have to be
forthcoming or a new Con General sent
to Havana. *V
General Fitzbugh Lee, the descendant
of two of the signers of the Declaration 6/
Independence, cannot and will not— l
speak with authority— allow his name to
be associated with a policy of ignominy
and surrender. v _. ,
I should state that from the day of the
arre t of Ruiz to the day of his death in
prison the Spanis i authorities, though
having his papers in their possession,
never took the trouble to inform General
Lee that an American had been arrested,
and he was only kept informed of the
course of events from non-official sources.
Tnis alone constitutes a grave breach of
international law.
MONSTER WHITE STAR LINER.
Steamer Larger Ihan the Great Eastern
for Atlantic Service.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 21.— Ismay,
Imrie & Co. of the White Star Steam
ship. Line announce that they have
authorized Harland & Wolff, the well
known ship-builders of Belfast, Ireland,
to build for the Liverpool and New York
service a twin-screw mail and passenger
steamer 704 feet long, in which extreme
speed will bo subordinated to the co._fort
and convenience of passengers. In her
internal arrangements the new vessel will
be an enlar.ed reproduction of the Tea
ionic and Majestic. The new steamer will
be twenty- feet longer than the Great
E tstern, hitherto the longest vessel ever
built, and sixty-five feet longer than any
vessel now afloat or in process of construc
tion. It is expected that this steamer will
be launched in January next. The
Oceanic has been determined upon as her
name.
GRAND OPERA IS FRENCH. __
Prom New Orleans a Noted Troupe Comes ]
to San Prancisco. ,»
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 21.—
French grand opera season in this City is
drawing to a close, and already prepara
tions are on foot for the transferring of
the organization with its tons of costumes,
scenery, etc., to San Francisco. It has
been found necessary fo arrange for the
transportation of a large quantity of para
phernalia in advance' and two carloads
will leave for San Francisco to-morrow.
Mile. Foodor, one of the leading lights of
tbe organization, when seen to-day in
reference to tbe appearance of the com
pany in San Francisco, said: "I have often,
as have the other members of the com
pany, expressed a desire to sing before
the appreciative audiences of San Fran
cisco, and I must say that I am anxiously
awaiting the opening performance there.
Our sin ears came across expressly forthe
New Orleans season, and tbe announce
ment that we were to have a hearing in
San Francisco was a most welcome one
indeed." The entire organization will
leave here on a special train on either the
3d or 4th of March for San Francisco.
Lamont Will Ec All Right. -
NEW YORK, N. Y. Feb. 21.—1t was re
ported on authority Saturday that after
March 4 Secretary of War Daniel 8.
L.mont would become president of the
Metropolitan Traction Company of this
ci y.
A NEW LIFE
A NEW LIFE
ANEW LIFE
[""U NEW LIFE :
J— I A NEW LIFE
|=[j A NEW LIFE
1 NEW LIFE
There are not a few men in this bard
world of ours who would give much to.
have a new life or fresh start in the world
This is especially true of men who have
dissipated «r abused themselves.
Abusing one's self is a privilege, but it
is one of those privileges none ought to
take, for just as certain as you abuse your-
self you pay the penalty. 4r - rv»
Vice is loathsome, vice is horrible, vice
drags, vice destroys. These being true, is
it not to your interest to get back your
stomach, your brain, your powers?
Leave drink, dissipation and abuse
where you found them, and renew your-
self with the remedio treatment, Hudyan.
This Hudyan can be had only from tha
doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute.
No one else can give you Hud van. If you
are weak and premature, if you suffer
from a premature weakness you should
get the Remedy-treatment from the Hud-
son Medical Institute. Call or write for
_?R.E_3 OIROUIjAZIS
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
POISONED BLOOD.
k First, secondary or tertiary form of
Blood Poison cured by the great 30-
DAY BLOOD CURE. Write for
30-DAY BLOOD CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute J
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
<H>o<KX><_><HK>o-<X>
AN EXCELLENT
"If Tf "C A T Property prepared and
IVI J™*. AVI . Promptly served, can
*» ■"-*■* »____* always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T"\ AT A S~*T^
Most Popular PAT ACF
Dining Apart- * -» XJL_'_ri.\_^__-_l
ment in town. _________*_ m _-m-___m_ m
0000000000000
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
HAS IMITATORS, BUT SO EQUALS.
.s^^fcj^j^. By fifty per cent the
M^^^^f^^M_lv- best made. Call or
P^v,J^\y«^j«S|SF send for free book,
"How to Get Health
-^s^^^H^^^ and How to Keep It."
T^g,*T4S"(; Advice of. European
j||| Doctors. Climates ihat
< *fe» cure disease.
THE TIBCHOW CO. (LIMITED).
American Agents, 100 Stockton St., S.F.
_#*B*»_DEWE V &. CO.-gBV
O DEWEY B_CO_.*gg-w
p-iiiiiiiilpp- ■» ii ■■wiuiji VJ.
patents! 3
_J£Q MARKET S.T.S.F>5£^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHARLES H. PHILLIP. ATTORNEY- _T-
V IAW-ud Notary Public, 638 Mar-ecli -£...
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. R_______4 I*SS
j fed street. Telephone - Pine « 2881.FITZSIMMONS SLIGHTLY ILL
Awakens in the Morning
'. to Find His Appetite
Missing.
SUFFERS AN ATTACK OF
RETCHING.
He Makes Light of the Sickness
and Declares It Is Only
Temporary.
CARSON LADIES SEE CORBETT
AT WORK.
Woods Stunned by a Bow From the
Champion— Wolcott Will Not
Meet Green.
4 CARSON, Nev., Feb. 21.— This was a
quiet Sabbath in Carson. Both Corbett
and Fitzsimmons have left town and gone
to their training-quarters, and while the
t crowd of visitors continues to prow there
•was during the day a noticeable absence
I of the sidewalk gatherings and knots of
' • _-ht debaters that have given the main
thoroughfare of the town so much fife dur
ing the past few days. The activity was
on the roads to Shaw's Springs and to
Cook's ranch to-day instead of on the
sidewalks, and no doubt this will continue
to be the case from now until the day of
the great battle. It is a harvest lor the
REFEREE GEORGE SILER.
[Sketched by a " Calt" artist, for whom the prize-fighX authority posed at Carson.]
liverymen, such as they never dreamed of
before, and they are not neglecting to take
advantage of the golden chance to line
their pockets with gold. The newspaper
correspondents are their special prey, for
they realize that these hapless fellows are
compelled to visit the trainers' quarters
daily, and thr.t walking is completely out
of the question in this icy weather.
••.' Corbett's quarters receive the bulk of
the road travel to-day because the road to
J-iiaws Springs is in lar better condition
than that which winds its way out to
Cook's ranch, and, besides, it was gener
ally understood that a vi-it to Fitzsim
mons' new home would afford nothing of
interest, because his gymnasium was not
fitted up and he would be seen only loung
ing around in his street clothe?, instead of
stripped and buffeting his trainers.
The Cornishman went out to his train
ing quarters this morning, and disdained
to ride in tbe sleigh which his manager,
Julian, had provided for him.
"No; 1 need a little exercise and a breath
of fresh air," he said. "You ride out, and
Hickey and I will jog it."
This conversation took place in the
Arlington Hotel, where Julian put in an
appearance and announced that the rig
vas waiting. Fitz may have had bis
reasons for wanting to walk and inhale
some ozone. He did not awaken feeling
as well as he did last night. Ho com
plained of a faintness and the absence of
his usual desire to eat.
Julian and Hickey coaxed him into the
'dining-room of the Arlington and Fitz
partook oi a light breakfast rather un
willingly. Shortly after breakfast be was
seized by a severe attack of retching and
was in distress lor ten or fifteen minutes.
He soon recovered, and it was then that
he expressed a desire to leave town and
get to his training quarters. Fitz made
light of bis ailment, saying it was but
temporary and the result of long and con
tinued railroad travel. Besides, he said,
the hot air and cigar smoke in the hotel
lobby and corridors stifled bim.
Bob did little more than rest during the
day at the ranch. The run and tramp
through tbe tbree miles of snow interven
ing between the hotel and the training
quarters was a try-out of itself of no insig
nificance, considering the rarity of the
atmosphere, and when the lanky Cornish
man bad finished his journey he was
wringing wet and was compelled to change
ail of his clothing.
* "1 really would not object if this snow
did not melt and disappear at all," said
Bob* while he was dry and resting. "I
believe it is more invigorating and
strengthening to haul yourself through
the drifts than to sprint on a clean road.
The only thing that would make me long
for the thaw is the desire to get out for a
spin on bicycle."
Fitzsimmons' baggage came up from the
depot late this afternoon and was sent out
to the ranch. It comprised nearly a dozen
trunks and boxes, containing boxing
gloves. Indian clubs, pulley-welj-hts and
all sorts of muscle-developing machines.
The load broueht into requisition th
roomiest express sleigh in town and even
then ttiere was no space to spare.
Julian superintended the transportation
of the traps and then immediately re
turned to town. He took supper at the
Arlington and hurried off to catch the
evening train to San Francisco. The rea
sou for his sudden departure is quite a
mystery here. He confided to no one that
be was going, and when asked for an ex
planation at the depot he vouchsafed in an
evasive way that he was going after "pro
visions."
There was a rumor that both Julian and
Fi tzsimmons are out of funds and that the
object of the former's journey is to "raise
the wind" temporarily, but this the jolly
little manager and brother-in-law denied
vehemently. , .
"Just a little business, my boy, that's
all," he said. "It may be that while lam
in San Francisco I will engage the Me
chanics' Pavilion for the evening of
March 19 in order that Fitzsimmons may
celebrate his victory over Corbett by giv
ing an exhibition and illustrating how he
turned the trick. The then undisputed
champion of the world would draw a tre
mendous house. I am so certain that
Bob wili win that I would not hesitate a
moment about putting up a deposit to
secure the Pavilion for his use after the
fight."
This was Jim Corbett's busy day. It
was the real beginning of bis actual train
ing for the comin - contest for the world*
championship. He was up with the lark
and much to the discomfiture of his train
ers, insisted upon working like a Trojan
all day. The bulk of the work fell upon
Billy Woods and Joe Corbett, becaus*) big '
Jack McVey was taken sick during the
night ana was incapacitated for the drill,
and besides the full staff of handlers is
not yet on the ground, Delaney, While
and Jeffries being still due at the springs.
This made no difference to Corbett. He
dragged Woods and brother Joe out
bright and early and thumped them with
the mittens throughout the livelong day.
"It is business with me from now on."
explained Jim to The Call correspondent.
"Although I appreciate the fact that the
fight is nearly a month off yet, still 1 con
sider every moment of value. 1 am in
pood shape right now, but I want to be
better. So much money will be wagered
on my chances in tbis fight that, in order
to do my friends justice, I must not over
look a single detail in my training. If it
should be my misfortune to get whipped
I want to have it to say that I did the best
MARTIN JULIAN, Who Speaks and Acts for Fitzsimmons.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" staff arlist, for whom the Antipodean* manager posed
• at Carson.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
ARRIVAL OF FITZSIMMONS, JULIAN AND HICKEY AT CARSON.
I could, and that I gave my friends a run
for their money. I only refer to such a
result as a bare possibility, not a proba
bility."
Mrs. James J. Corbett is going to make
the belt which her hero will wear in the
ring when he meets the Cornishman. Jim
wrote a long letter to her this evening, in
which he detailed tbe style of girth he
desired. It is to be in tbe nature of a
sash and will bear the stars and stripes,
emblematic of the honor of America, and
also a miniature flag of Ireland, out of re
spect to St. Patrick's day.
Jim's work for to-day began with a long
walk over the roads in the vicinity of the
springs before breakfast, and, an hour or
so after the meal, several games of hand
ball with Joe Corbett. This is the cham
pion's favorite pastime, and he plays the
game as if a fortune depended upon the
result rather than that he expected to
derive any muscular benefit. He quarrels
good-naturedly with his opponent over
every technical play in the game, and
cheats whenever he gets an opportunity.
His ambition is to win at any cost. He
is an accomplished player, nevertheless,
and it takes an expert to give him any
kind of a rub.
After the handball Jim put on the pil
lows with Billy Woods. The latter ap
peared to-day with his face and head hid
den beneath a big, padded leathern mask,
with only a peephole in the front of it to
permit him to see and to breathe. This,
explained Woods, meant that Corbett had
gone in for his heaviest hitting practice.
Billy was anxious to escape having bis
jaw or nose broken.
"There is not money enough in the
country to hire me to stand up in front of
that man bareheaded day after day," said
Woods. "Ho is hitting his hardest now,
and I would not Inst a week unless I was
protected. Fitziimmons will have occa
sion to know something about these
thumps before he gets through with Jim.
By the way, I see that in some of his ex
clusive interviews Fitzsimmons refers to
mc as a has-been and a dub and not capa
ble of keeping Corbett warm. Well, F.tz
simmons can have it his way, but after
the 17th of March he will find himself in
my class and maybe I might consent to
give bim a match."
Despite the protection afforded Woods
by the mask Corbett caught him once
with a right hook on the side of the head
which sent him reeling across the hand
ball court. He would have fallen had not
Jim caught him.
"And still some people persist in saying
that that man can't hit," moaned Woods,
as under the influence of a dash of cold
water in his face he began to emerge from
his temporary trance.
Joe Corbett took Woods' place, and after
a lively bout the morning's work was
done. The rub down and rest before din
ner followed. In the afternoon the same
performance was repeated, and following
with a few games of whist after supper,
after which the champion retired.
During the earlier part of the evening
Eddie Cooke informed Corbett that Martin
Julian bad told Fitzsimmons that he
would have a walkover, as the Caltfornian
looked like a ghost. Corbett did not seem
to relish this and said nothing. The rest
of the party Kept quiet, too, until finally
Slingerland, mine host of Shaws Springs,
broke the silence by remarking in his cus
tomary droll way:
P. J. DONOHOE, the San Francisco Architect, Who Designed
Stuart's Mammoth Amphitheater.
"Well. I've known of ghosts scaring
people pretty badly now and then."
This was the signal for some uproarious
laughter and everybody was in good
humor again. -
A force of men went out to the race
track to-day under the direction of Archi
tect P. J. Donohoe and began clearing
away the snow from the spot selected for
the site of Dan Stuart's mammoth amphi
theater. This work will be completed to
morrow forenoon and then the laying of
the foundation will begin.
There is no prospect of a match between
George Green of San Franci-co and Joe
Wolcott of Pittsburg, which was billed to
take place on the 16th of March. Wolcott
seems to be troubled with the malady that
bothers Sharkey— caput elephantiasis, the
doctors call it — and wants a slice of tho
earth in return for his condescending to
appear in the Carson ring. A purse of
$5000 is not enough for him, so he wired
to Stuart, but the sports now here are in
clined to believe it is rather more a case of
"cold feet*' regarding a meeting witb the
dashing San Francisco welter-weight.
Negotiations are now under way to get
"Mysterious" Billy Smith to meet Green
for the $.5000. Green has signified a will
ingness to meet anybody in the world at
his weight Tommy Ryan, Joe Wolcott or
Jack McAuliffe preferred— but the diffi
culty seems to be to get somebody to meet
him.
Harry Corbett left for San Francisco
this morning with a pocketful of commis
sions to place money on both the heavy
weights. Poolselling will begin to-mor
row and Fitzsimmons will command the
short price at 7to 10. Betting men pre
dict that Corbett will enter the ring a 2- to
1 favorite. Cornishmen employed in the
mines about Virginia will place their
earnings on Fitzsimmons, but the Eastern
sports are prepared to bet tbem to a finish
at 10 to 7.
J. A. R. Elliott, champion wing shot,
has advised Stuart that he will be present
at the trap-shooting tournament, which
opens in the huge pavilion on the morn
ing of March 17, and will defend his title.
Tho tournament, which will last three
days, has been rendered more attractive
by an additional $1000 purse subscribed by
Stuart. The big Texan moved about the
house to-day, but was not at home to
callers. He is improving fast and will be
out of doors by the middle of the week.
Clear weather is predicted for to-morrow
and if it continues for ten days every road
in the State will be dry -»nd firm.
A number of Carson society fadies were
invited to call on Corbett this afternoon
and see him at work. Miss Ida Biroth,
niece of Governor Sadler, volunteered to
lead the party and was the first to venture
Into the handball court, wbere the cham
pion was massaging Woods' rubber face.
The ladies were astonished at the cham
pion's appearance and manners, but the
fact that none of his teeth were missing
surprised them more. They went away
satisfied that boxing is far less brutal than
football.
When shown the New York dispatch
stating that Joe Vendig had entered suit
against Dan Stuart for breach of contract
In connection with the dissolution of the
Florida Athletic Club, Stuart's secretary,
W. R. Wheelock, said:
"I cannot understand Vendig's action.
He has no claim on us. I settled the part
nership accounts of both Vendig and
Stuart. The latter advanced most of the
funds and carried V«?ndig through. After
the Maher- Fitzsimmons fight Vendig was
unable :o make good his liability and we
accepted his note for his indebtedness,
payable in four months. When the note
matured he could not lift ii and we had to
take the money ln driblets. He never ad
vanced us one cent and has no interest
whatever in the present carnival."
Noted Sports Will Attend.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 21.— Mr. Glickauf
and Vere Davies are preparing to run a
special train to Carson for the big fight
over the Rock Island from Chicago. They
say they have already booked Joe Vendig
and party from New York; "Parson"
Davies with Jimmy Barry and party, Billy
Catton, the billiard player from Rock
Island, and party; John L. Sullivan, the
ex-champion; Joe Cboynski and several
other pugilists and sports.
TWENTY HOLL IRS A SEAT.
Stuart Plxes the Minimum Figure for
Reserved Chairs.
Secretary Wheelock, who is attending to
Dan Stuart's correspondence, has written
to W. R. Vice of the Union Pacific in this
City that there would be no reserved seats
for the Carson fight sold at less than $20.
This reply came yesterday to an urgent in
quiry wired to Stuart by Vice some days
ago.
"It is this way," explained the railroad
man ; "scores of people call on us -t^
day asking our rates to and from the fight,
and they also want to know how much it
will cost to reserve a seat in the arena.
Our answer is that $16 50 will land them
in Carson just before the fight, and will
bring them back again. Calculation must
then be made for $3 or $6 for Pullman
service, exclusive of meals.
"Not until to-day could we give an an
swer as to the admission to the tight, which
will range from $5 to $40. The former fig
ure is for the privilege of entering the
building. From that figure to $20 will be
charged for scrambling privilege for bench
seats in more or less advantageous loca
tions. But if a full-fledged reserved seat
is to be had nothing less than $20 can be
paid."
Al Hampton, the well-known local hand
ball expert, has been engaged by Corbett
and will leave to-morrow night for Carson,
where he is to handle the champion in that
particular line of exercise.
Major Hooper of the Occidental Hotel is
arranging for a couple of Pullman cars for
his hot* 1 patrons and a party of army and
navy officers.
Douglass White, the newspaperman, and
William Sink of the Baldwin Hotel have
already arranged for the transportation of
00 people.
ANOTHER SIX-DAY RICYCLE RACE.
Twenty-Seven Crack Riders Start on the
Long Journey at Chicago — One
Contestant Is Legless.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 2L— Cheered to
the echo by an immense audience the
riders in the great six-day go-as-you-please
bicycle race began their tremendous ef
forts shortly after midnight to-night at
Tattersall's, Sixteenth and State streets.
At 12:05 o'clock . Postmaster Heising
NEW TO-DAY.
TEA,
COFFEE
AND
SPICE buyers
GIVEN EREE
THIS WEEK
Extra Big Presents
WITH rail ™ RCHASE VV,TH i iOO PURCHASE
EACH li 1 TEAS » EACH I ESsaaa TEAS '
ill iii COFFEES, 1 COFFEES,
ww spices, ilia SPICES,
FRFF An y of following rppf: Any of Following
1 DILL Articles: I I\LL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner. Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. i Majolica Cuspidor,
i Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
i Oyster Bowl, Decorated. I Rose Bowl, Fancy.
i Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets.
i Pitcher, Majolica. i Cake Stand, on Foot
i Berry Dish. I Butter Dish, Large.
i Butter Dish. I Fruit Bowl, on Foot
i Oat Meal Set. i Candy or Nut Dish.
i Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
i Cream Pitcher, Fancy. i Celery Stand.
i Bohemian Flower Holder. i Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
i China Preserve Dish. I Bohemian Fern Vase.
i Fancy Cup and Saucer. 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses.. 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
1 Spoon Holder. 1 Cake Plate, Fancy.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl. :.,i Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. i Fancy Shaving Mug.
1 Colored Vase. i Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. . 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated,
i Yellow Baking Dish. i Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed.
: Rose Bowl. 1 Water Pitcher.
1 Preserve Bowl. 1 Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. i Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. 1 Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated,
i Tea Cup, Decorated. i Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. 1 Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. I Sugar Bowl.
i Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
i Frying Pan. 1 Berry Set.
i Flour Sifter. 1 Sugar Sifter.
1 Roast Pan. 1 Pudding Set, 2 Pieces.
I Dairy Pan. 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
1 Bread Pan. • i Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. 6 Table Knives.
i Wash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks.
1 Coffee Pot. .1 Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - - 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - - tO, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING
mfm(\ STORES
- Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND:
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington Street.
140 Sixth Street. 2008 Fillmore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street. . • ALAMEDA:
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park Street.
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
fired the starting gun and the twenty
seven men pusl.ed~on their pedals and
were off. Teddy Hale, the Irish lad, ltd
the bunch around tbe turn, closely fol
lowed by such celebrities as Louis Gimm,
Charley Ashinger. "Cyclone" Maxwell, C.
W. Smith, Arthur E. Smith, otherwise
known as "Letter-Carrier Smith" ; the old
time champion, George Cartwright; John
Lawson, ''The Terrible Swede"; A. A.
Hanson, Fred Schineer, Desire Bruno,
Bert Leslie, Burton D. Blakeslee, Henry
Stuart, George Hannant, Herman Hol
brecht, Henry Bradis, Pierce of Boston,
Pierce of Chicago, R. E. Donaldson, David
Fleming, W. R. GaUijhen. E. F. Sprong,
T. S. Hall, J. W. Schoening, Georg. Mier
stein and George B. 11 iff.
Perhaps the last named rider received
more attention than those whose names
are better known to the public, by reason
of the fact that he is legless and uses arti
ficial limbs to propel his wheel. Iliff is,
however, an athlete of superior ability,
and his partisans expect that he will make
a much better showing than some of the
other entries. Many competitors in the
event are quite confident that they will
lower Hale's mark made at the New York
race if they do not win the race. If care
ful and methodical training will enable
them to do this Hale's 1900 miles will be
exceeded by several of the men.
Entries for the struggle were plenty,
more than fifty being received, but the
management declined over twenty for
various reasons.
Tattersall's has been so arranged that a
capacity of 10,000 spectators at one time is
provided for. Three hundred officials
make uo the roll necessary to carry on the
race. The track has ten laps to the mile
and is well banked.
As to nationality, the riders come from
all parts of Europe and America— one
irom Ireland, four from Germany, one from
Canada, two from England, one from Scot
land, one from Sweden, one from Denmark
and the remainder from various States,
while there are several native Chicagoans.
It is the custom in Madrid to cld_e one
of the two outer doors of a house when a
person dies, and keep it closed for nine
days.
34
TEXAS MURDERER
CAUGHT AT NAPA
Charles Kugadt Arrested
for the Killing of a
Woman.
Accused of Having Slain His
Half-Sister and Burned
Her Body.
The Prisoner Claims She Lost Her
Life Under the Wheels of
a Wagon.
NAPA, Cal., Feb. 21.— Charles Kugadt,
alias John Frey, was arrested last night
by Sheriff George McKenzie at the in
stance of the Sheriff of Washington Coun
ty, Texas, charged with the murder of
his half-sister in that county on October
19, 1896. The crime was an unusually
atrocious one. Kugadt's half-sister was
about to return to Germany and had sev
eral dollars on her person when he started
with her to a railway station. Sho was
not seen alive after that, but later her
charred body was found in the ruins of
her trunk and valise, which had served as
a funeral pile when the murderer cre
mated her body.
Kugadt was stopping at a boarding
house at the corner of Main and Pearl
streets. He had retired, and when there
came a knock on his door he called
out, "Who is there?" The owner
of the place, John Smith, responded, and
the man, apprehending no danger, opened
the door. Sheriff McKenzie immediately
seized him and pinioned his arms so that
resistance was useless if it had been at
tempted.
When shown a photograph taken in
Texas Kugadt acknowledged it at his own.
He knew what he was arrested for but
said he would prove his innocence.
_ Kugadt resided in Napa nine years ago,
at which time he worked as a cobbler for
George Head, a shoe-dealer. His wife and
little child were with him and they occu
pied rooms in Smith's lodging-house.
Smith says that Kugadt conducted him-
CHARLES KUGADT, Arrested at Napa for the Murder of His
Half-Sister in Texas.
self as a gentleman and gave him no
cause for complaint. Later he went back
to Texas.
About three months ago Kugadt, unac
companied by his wife or child, returned
to Napa and began working for D. Keig, a
shoedealer. He was faithful, industrious,
courteous and gentlemanly and won the
respect of his employer. Keig could hardly
believe that Kugadt conld be guilty of the
crime charged against him. When he be
gan working for Keig he went by the name
of John Frey, telling Mr. Keig that only
a German could pronounce his true name.
When placed in jail Kugadt appeared al
most prostrate. This morning his appe
tite was gone and he desired no food.
This afternoon the prisoner was visited
by a Call representative, to whom he told
his story. His face showed that he bad
been weeping, and as he referred to his
wife or to his dead sister he burst into
tears.
"I lived with my wife and child in the
county of Washington, Texas," he began.
"On the morning of October 19, 1896, about
5 o'clock, 1 started with my half-sister,
Miss Johanna Kugadt, to Branham, nine
teen miles distant, where she was going
to board a train. She was intending to
go to Germany. There were two roads
leading to Branham, and at the request of
my sister we took the longer road, which
was much smoother. We passed Whit
man about 6 o'clock in the morning. I
met several friends there. When we
reached New Year's Creek we stopped for
lunch which we had brought with us. I
unhitched and fed the horses.
"After eating I hitched the horses, pre
paratory to continuing the journey. My
sister went to the left side of the wagon to
get in and I stood by the horses, which
were strong and fiery. As she was on tho
wheel of the wagon the horses started and
she was thrown to the ground between the
front and the rear wheel. She was lying
on her right side. Before I could stop the
horses the rear wheel, which was very
heavy, passed over her neck and head. I
stopped the horses and went to her assist
ance. As I attempted to raise her she
said, 'I can't travel.' These were the last
words she uttered, although some time
passed before she died. I placed her ten
derly in the wagon and bolstered her up
with a blanket and pillow. By her eyes —
her power of speech was gone she signi
fied that she was all right.
"I turned the horses and started for
home. After driving about a mile she
made a slight noise, and as I looked blood
oozed from her nose and mouth down onto
the pillow. _ stopped under a tree. Her
m
eyes became bright an glassy and soon
she was dead. This was about 10 or 11
o'clock. I took my overcoat and placed it
over ber. I soon met a negro named
Meredith and meant to tell him, but dared
not. At Crickendal I met some friends
and drank some coffee. I said nothing
for fear the people would say I had killed
her for hor money. She had $401 on her
"1 then decided to bury tho body, but
had no tools. I tried to bury her at Jack
son Creok, but the sand was too hard. I
took a little road leading up the creek,
sixty or seventy yards, but could find no
place there. 1 turned off from the creek,
but found no place. I burned a trunk and
a box and while this was burning I burned
the body.
"I then returned home, but remained
there but two or three days when I started
for San Francisco, arriving there October
25. I then came up to Napa, where I have
been since employed."
LOS ANGELES LOTTERY SWINDLE.
White Men Conducing a Game of Chance
on the Mongolian
Plan. .
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 21.—
first instance, so far as known, where
white men have attempted to conduct a
Chinese lottery swindle was brought to
the attention of the potice authorities last
night through the arrest of Charles Hen
sey, a ticket vender for the layout.
The name of the concern is "The Los
Angeles Company" and it is in nearly all
respects conducted as the Chinese lot
teries are. The tickets are printed in the
same style, the numbers being in English
instead of Chinese and running from No. j
Ito 80 inclusive. They are marked with
a brush, as in the Chinese style, and the
drawings and payments are made in the
same manner. Hensey, after his arrest,
gave tbe information that the lottery was
capitalized to the extent of $5000 by four
white men, woo, he claims, are well
known in Los Angeles business circles.
The lottery has been in existence only
four days, but the organization is very
complete, the people having their own
lawyer and a board of directors.
Officer Sparks went into Hensey's shop
on Los Angeles street and there obtained
sufficient evidence to make out a clear
case against the man. Sparks bought
tickets and Hensey unfolded the whole
scheme of the lottery to the poiicemaD.
Behind Hensey's harness-shop there is a
regular Chinese lottery office, but this is
not in connection with the white "Chi
nese" lottery. The ticket procured is
marked No. 48, that being the number of
the agent who sold it, showing tbat tbe
company already has a goodly number of
men selling the tickets. Hensey is held
in $200 bonds and $50 cash bail, which was
later furnished by men evidently in
terested in the lottery swindle.
The headquarters of the company are
temporarily located above the Olympic
saloon on First street, according to Hen
sey's statement. He says it is the com
pany's intention to establish a regular
office later.
Death of George P. Best.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2L— George F.
Best, a prominent resident of Santa Clara,
died at an early hour yesterday morning
from a stroke of paralysis. He had been
an invalid for the past two years. The
deceased was a native of West Brook, Me.,
and aged 57 years. He came to California
in 1862, and three years later located in
Santa Clara. Mr. Best was engaged in the
butcher business for a great many years,
but retired three .years ago. He was a
prominent Odd Fellow and a member of
tbe Chosen Friends. A widow and three
grown children survive him. He was
buried from the family residence on Jack
son street this afternoon.
Jewel* Taken by Burglars.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 21.— The resi
dence of Mrs. M. B. Braly at 375 East
William street was entered by burglars
during the absence or the family last even
ing. Every room in the house was ran
sacked, but the work was evidently hur
riedly done, as a great many things were
overlooked. A gold watch, a silver watch,
a gold ring and several other pieces of
jewelry were taken. The thieves gained
an entrance to the house by prying open
a rear window. *
Plaeentia Oil Wells.
ANAHEIM, Cal., Feb. 2L— Three new
oil wells are being sunk in the neighbor
hood of Placentia to supply fuel for the
sugar-beet factory at Los Alamitos. The
wells in operation at Puente are being
taxed to their utmost in furnishing fuel
for the Chino factory, which consumes
1000 barrels a day during the working
season.
CHESH-PI.AYER STEINITZ HEAD.
Succumbs to the Mental Strain After His
Defeat by, Lather.
LONDON, Eng.. Feb. 21.— The Daily Mail
has a dispatch from Paris stating that
Steinitz, the chess-player, has died at Dr.
Morosoff s institute, in Moscow, to which
he was recently taken after losing his
mental balance. V-J 'r.
William Steinitz was born at Prague,
Bohemia, May 17, 1836. He was a noted
chess-player and chess analyst. He re
sided in London some years, when
he came to New York:. He was never
beaten in a match until he succumbed to
Lasker in 189-1, losing then, the position of
chess champion of the. world, which- he
had been retarded as holding from the
time he defeated Anderssen by eight
games to six in 1866. l -• •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
MRS. ADINA MITCHELL of Los Angeles, Trustee of the
"Whittier State School.
GUIDING ARIGHT
UNWILLING YOUTH
Mrs. Adina Mitchell Tells
of Reform Work at
Whittier. '
Favors the Removal of the Girls'
Department to Santa
Clara.
r
Special Education and a Separate
Home Should Be Given Young
Women.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 21,— The
removal of the girls' department of the
Whittier State Bchool from Whittier and
the establishment of a separate institution
at Santa Clara for the girls is a subject
which is being considered with great in
terest in those circles interested in philan
thropic work and particularly that branch
of sociology involving the reform of juve
nile delinquents. The suggestion of this
removal from Whittier is meeting with
general favor in this section much more
than would be supposed, which is in a
great measure due to the fact tbat the
girls' department of Whittier State School
haa been prominent in the public eye be
cause of the reforms and changes in the
department which have been urged by
Mrs. Adina Mitchell, one of the trustees
of the institution. Mrs. Mitchell, who is
the wife of the promiuent attorney John
W. Mitchell, was appointed by Governor
Budd on the Whittier board nearly two
years ago, and she has entered into the
work of the office with an industry and
understanding which have been almost
phenomenal.
On account of her official position, her
prominence in this community and her
familiarity with the subject Mrs. Mitchell
is now considered the leading authority
on the subjects involved in the removal of
the Whittles girls and the establishment
of the new institutions at Santa Clara,
and it is for these reasons that a Call re
porter visited Mrs. Mitchell to obtain her
views.
In response to a query Mrs. Mitchell
said: "Too much cannot be said in favor
of the removal of the girls' department of
Whittier to Santa Clara. I have for econ
nomical reasons favored the consolidation
of the boys' departments of Whitier and
Preston schools at Glen Ellen and the es
tablishment of a separate institution for
girls at lone or elsewhere, but this change
and consolidation does not now seem prob
able.
"The important point in question with
me is an independent institution for girls
and young women. I have never seen
the proposed site at Santa Clara, but all
the reports I have heard are exceedingly
favorable toward the establishment there
of a successfnl school of this class. And
certainly the citizens of Santa Clara have
been most liberal in their proposals to ob
tain this institution, and if the Legis
lature makes it possible to carry out the
Governor's recommendation in this par
ticular branch of reformatory training it
will place California in advance of many
other States in the same line of pro
gress."'
"What are your ideas of the scope of
this work?"
"That is almost limitless. Perhaps
many of the evils complained of by re
formers will never be remedied. But the
solution of the problems of sociology that
are agitating civilization will be helped if
men and women become more interested
in humankind and assist the work. Per
haps it colleges and universities gave less
time to the study of dead languages and
physical science and spent more time
upon the more complex and important
subject of the science of mankind and the
many questions affecting common hu
many, there would be more helpful sym
pathy, and particularly a better under
standing of the woman's side oF it.
"But as to the scope applied to the
reformation of young girl delinquents
there are many diversified features and a
number of extensions that might be
added to the present system of training
and education. Employment and studies
couid be given that would not only help
to prove the practical side and be of great
benefit as a recreation and pleasure, but
would also be a stimulus to lead these
girls and young women to nobler lives.
"It is a great mistake to imagine that
the only line of instruction to be pursued
in their education is that which will make
of them domestic servants. For many of
these girls are in their natures just as
those whose environments have been
more healthful and happy. Many of
them have noble impulses and hunger for
education and refined occupations. And
you know girls who nave this tendency to
be bad are not always found alone among
the ignorant and lower classes.
"In this wort* there are three great es
sentials. The first is to secure as officers
and attendants for this critical and deli
cate task those who have experience and
have studied the principles and methods
of charitable reform — specialists in this
line. Such a rule would secure men and
women whose hearts are in their labors,
those who have a true regard for human
kind and are willincand capable of mak
ing self-sacrifices for the betterment of
those less fortunate.
"The second is to Keep the girls and
young women employed and interested."
"Are there any suggestions you would
make with reference to the law to be
passed governing an independent school
for girls?"
"I can think of but one at this time and
that is this: Provision should be made
for young girls and women to be com
mitted to this institution between the
ages of 12 and 20 years, and to De kept there
until they are 21 years of age. The boys
are trained and cared for until they are
this age, and I think the girls need the
protection all the more between 18 and 21
years. Many glrlb are but children after
all at the age of 18. It is the most critical
time in their lives."
"What effect will this change have upon
your official relation to the girls."
"I can not say at this time. It may
terminate an official relation with the
girls, hut not my personal interest. I
shall continue to do all I can in this work,
whether as a private individual or as an of
ficial. But as to this, there are other
women interested In this work just as
sincere and competent as I can hope to be.
The need for such establishments has been
proven, and the impetus already given will
be sufficient to carry the work further and
on proper line?."
COSTLIEST CLOTH
E'ER WORN BY MAN
Tailor Realizes $100,000 on
the Sale of a Single
Suit.
I p ■;; -
Paid in Mining Stock Which
Afterward Increased in
Value.
Did Not Know of His Good Fortune
Until Informed by a Chance
Remark.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 2L —M. M.
Koreff, a well-known commercial traveler
just bacK from a trip into Idaho, vouches
for the truth of this story of phenomenally
good leek: ':- '■-..
About two weeks ago a miner offered
Morris Yenzel, a Moscow (Idaho) tailor, a
handful of mining slocks for a suit of
clothes. Yenzel refused that sort of cur
rency in payment for his labor and goods,
on the ground that he had no luck in
stocks. He remarked that five years ago
a miner gave him 5000 shares of stock,
then supposed to be worth 1 cent a share,
for a suit of clothes. He never realized a
nickel on tbe stock.
The miner Jocosely said that had it been
Le Roi stock it would have made him rich.
The tailor was startled and replied he was
quite certain that that was . the name of
the stock. He could not remember what
he did with it, as he never expected it to
amount to anything.
A few days later Yenzel went to the sus- ;
pended Moscow National Bank for an in
surance policy and some other papers de
posited there, among which he found the
missing 5000 shares of Le Roi stock, now
quoted at s3 per share, with accrued divi
dends. The story goes that the Le Roi
mine-owners have been negotiating with
an English syndicate for the sale of the
property. The syndicate declined to ac
cept the mine without the transfer of
every share of stock so far issued. This
block of 5000 shares was long advertised
for, but now there will be no further ob
stacle to the sale of the property if the
owners come to Yenisei's terms. He de
mands $20 a share, or $100,000 for the
whole, and is certain to eet it.
Prize- hight Near Presno.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 21.— Smith of Los
Angeles and Daly of San Francisco, who
have been training here for some weeks,
foueht to a finish at the racetrack, two
miles from town, this afternoon. About
100 persons assembled, and the eeneral
opinion was that it was a poor contest.
Smith outclassed his opponent and had
him going in the fourth round. In the
next Daly was knocked out. The winner
received $100.
A Few little doses of Dr. D. Jayne s Expecto
rant, promptly administered, wilt ofton avert a
dangerous attack of Lang or Throat disease, and
frequently save a life/
For the Liver, use Tayne's Painless Sanative Pill*
CLEAR SKIES FOR
SAN DIEGO'S FETE
Passing of the Storm Makes
the Carnival's Success
Certain.
i _
Salute From the Philadelphia
Will Open the Festivities
This Morning.
British and American Seamen to
Mingle In the Parade on
Shore.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 21.— storm
which has been playiDg sad havoc with
the water carnival festivities for the past
two days has passed away, and, although
the atmosphere is cold to-night, the skies
are clear and all the Indications are favor
able for fair weather to-morrow.
Reports from outlying districts are that
tho storm was more severe than was at
first supposed. At Olivewood ranch, Na
tional City, fifty olive trees were uprooted
and blown down in the gale of Friday
night, some of them being thirty years of
age, the oldest in this region. Two big
cypress trees in the courthouse yard were
blown down. Throughout the county
orchards bave been more or less damaged
by high winds and washouts.
The condition of the weather now, how
ever, portends a grand success for the
carnival festivities, which open to-morrow
morning. To-day has been spent by the
4000 strangers in the city visiting the war
ships in the harbor and the various points
of interest in the city ami bay region, be
sides attending two concerts given by
Sousa's band at the opera-house.
All day the carnival committee has been
at work on the decorations on the war
ships and wharves and to-night it finds its
labors nearly completed. The baree of
the Goddess, which was nearly ruined by
the storm, has been repaired and now
presents a gorgeous and brilliant appear
ance as it floats on the bay just off the
Same Fe wharf.
The vexing question as to whether or
not the British sailors from the Oomus
would march in the parade was finally
settled to-night by the receiving from Sir
Julian Pauncefote at Washington and
Admiral Palliser, R. N., at Comox, B. C,
of messages conveying official permission
to Captain Dyke to march his men as an
armed force in the parade to-morrow
morning.
The day will open with a salute of
twenty-one guns from the Philadelphia
at sunrise in honor of Washington. At
noon the Comus will fire another salute
of twenty-one guns and in the evening
before the carnival procession starts _,
general salute wil 1 be fired by all the war
ships.
CLOVERDALE FRUIT IN DEMAND.
Visitors to the Fair Temporarily Exhaust
the Orange Stock Offered for
Sale.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 2L — The
citrus lair pavilion remained open to-day
and a large number of visitors went to see
the fruit exhibits. There was no pro
gramme, musical or otherwise. The visi
tors in town spent the day listening to
excellent sermons at the churches and in
walking and driving. The day was bright
and beautiful.
The Sunday trains from San Francisco
and way towns and from Ukiah brought
in a number of excursionists. Visitors
have generally wanted to buy samples of
KEW TO-BAY.
IST picktlmer
2^iir?V_-\ T IS EASY T0 PICK THE WINNER
(. \m-f v *S_>^T*i ---in this match. On the one hand is
V vl * r^\ £k-a manly strength, health and good condi-
___p^s. N r^v l|_-. tion, while on the other is evident weak-
fiiiutntitill //.__l_K_Jr *-^1l v A 'kSM ness, loss of flesh and the appearance of
llllWl llnLm\mmmmmm\h X>b_ wasted vital force, It is easy to tell who
ri''MluwMßemmmm\\mm. AmmmmWamWllmllili wlllwln. So it is in the evor >- day battle
HH ll'lilli'/^^^W^^'^SS^l / ' i'l of life; the strong man is always to the
/ / ' " I '"'j///l//||!://|} fore, full of vim, push and energy. Sue-
/ y V cess is always his. In these days of bus:-'
/,/ Warn t^^Sk ness failure men need nerve power; every
// trail !l^<_*& man needs some building up.
/ -J^JB 'i&m^ m ' s ™ m ELECTRIC BELT
W^^^^mtm*^^ Is constructed especially for the building
A~2***_2y~ . .-__- up of manly vigor. It charges the nervo-
■~"^ -^ 1 ---- muscular and other organs daily with
strong vital force, which renews their vigorous power. It checks all unnatural waste
of power in two weeks, restores confidence and makes manhood perfect. It is the
basis of all manly vigor. -->
LUMBAGO AND VARICOCELE,
-.-. .-, «-»_.« '•-. . ALAMEDA, Cat., February 10, 1897.
DP- A. T. HA is den— Dear Sir: I had been afflicted with lumbagofor eight years and with vari-
cocele for four years, when I commenced to wear your famous Belt. At that time I had to wear a
support continually and could not be without one. Since wearing your Belt I have no further use for
the supporter. My Varicocele Is all gone and my lumbago completely cure.. I feel like a new man
and shall recommend your Bell to all my friends. . Yours truly, P.* INKER,
. .;* :-p' ; 2021 san Antonio avenue; Alameda. CaU
This is one of dozens of letters received during tho Dast few weeks. Men who
have tried every other known remedy for Nervous Debility nnd other similar troubles
have been cured at last by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Are your weak ? Do you lack
in any respect in manly power? Read Dr. Sanden's book, ''Three Classes of Men "
sent sealed free on application by mail or at office. '
JS^.»_r_D_E__>_r _E_l_i_E_CJ*T , __=l.lC3 CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Offlce hours— B AM. to 8 P.M.; Sundays. 10 tot. Los Ans-el_. Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland. Or.. M Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street. *»™*»u
"NOTE.— Make no mistake in the number— 638 Market street
LE A & PERRINS' |
I SIGNATURE <£*€§> I
► oAuiMill UKri /^SSS?^ ©
\ s~\ * A *ft^S# ®
r^T^^ !s now (L^^^^^^^miU/ '$
I printed in y ' I
1 BLUE, diagonally WZR&T^m* I
i across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of I
* IhJ WM Jf 'J' l _,! bV^i Jif winy i^ , '
> _hHiiH-____&__H-_HiaHyy-f_HMEyi
| The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- I
: tection against all imitations. po ©
1 Agent, for the United State,. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS N V t
M *«^'a^__,l*-«-«-«.m^- l *«^*.^_^___»v _____ ._. ' * ' A
Cloverdale oranges to take back with them
to their homes. At present the supply
does not equal the demand, but the pros
pects are that on the last day of the fair,
which is to-morrow, there will be plenty
of all kinds of truit for sale.
J. A. Filcuer, secretary of the State
Board of Trade, who was one of the
judges of exhibits yesterday, is here on
more than a mission of pleasure. He is
collecting samples of Cloverdale citrus
fruit and trees and soil to form part of the
big California exhibit at the Hamburg (Ger
many) Horticultural Exposition, which
will open next spring. Mr. Filcber was
driven this morning to vineyards and
orchards in the vicinity by Editor G. B.
Baer of the Cloverdale Reveille, who is
one of the most active of Cloverdale'.
citizens in booming the fair, greeting
visitor.", taking them properly in tow and
not leaving them until he has done the
whole thins- properly.
m The booths presided over by the ladies
are all handsomely decorated. Mrs. Ludwig
and Miss Emilia Hagmayer have some
artistic samples of wood-carving on useful
and ornamental house furniture on ex
hibition. They are also in charge of the
art gallery. The exhibitors of pictures in
the art gallery are: Miss Kate Armstrong,
Mrs. W. B. Sink, Mrs. Van Cooley, Miss
Mattie Porterfield, Mrs. Waite, Mrs. Lud
wig, Mme. Preston, Mrs. W. Doty, Miss
A. Keller, Mrs. Whitaker, Mias Ola Fen
ner, Mrs. K. Porterfield, Miss Lena Brush,
Miss Mason, Mrs. Sarah Hail, Al Kleiser,
Charles Miller and Dr. J. H. Kaffung.
The icecream booth is In charge of Mrs.
L. A. Dominie and Mrs. T. B. Wilson,
and the candy booth is looked after by
Miss Wilson and Miss Dobbins. Mrs. O.
Humbert and Mrs. Whitney have some
hand-painted china on exhibition. They
have charge of the orange booth. Mrs.
Greenwell, 73 years old, has a crazy quilt
at the fair ani it is greatly admired.
It should have read Judge F. P. Conner
who presided at the fair last Thursday
night, instead of Cornier as the types had
it.
Another big crowd is expected from
Santa Rosa, Petaluma and Healdsburg to
morrow, the last day of the fair. One of
the features of this excursion will bo 400
school children from Santa Rosa.
SAID SHE WAS TIRED.
Mystery Enveloping the Suicide
of Young Emma
Krenz.
The suicide of 17-year-old Emma Krenz
is still a sad mystery to her relatives
and friends, and the latter are numer
ous in the vicinity of the Five-mile
House on the Mission road. It was at the
home of her sister, Mrs. Uhlman, on
Islais street, that the girl took the fatal
dose of rough on rats which accomplished
her demise. By the inmates of the house,
her sister, her father and her brother,
only one theory is deemed tenable. "She
was out of her right mind," said her
brother. "She didn't know what she was
doing," said her brother-in-law.
Her sister, Mrs. Uhlman, expressed
great indignation at the cruel rumor
which had got abroad, supported by pub
lication in a morning paper connecting a
young man of the neighborhood with the
girl's act.
Mrs. Uhlman claimed that the girl had
no lover, and in this she was supported by
the lady with whom the unfortunate girl
had been at service. This lady declared
that the girl was quiet and industrious,
seldom going out of the house except to
Visither home or her mother's grave.
Dr. E. N. Terrello, who attended the
girl, questioned her as to the motive of
her act. She had no explanation to give
except to say, "I was tired."
The doctor considers it not unlikely that
her act was induced by a peculiar psycho
logical condition frequently met with in
youths of both sexes. This condition is a
form of melancholy which is easily aggra
vated by slight misfortunes. Miss Krenz
was described by her relatives as a rather
self-willed and independent girl. A short
time ago she expressed a desire to earn her
own living and took service with a friend
of the family. A few days later, finding it
irksome to he at the beck and call of a
mistress, she returned to her sister's home.
Here it is said she was always welcome
and her father and brother provided well
for her, but the sense of her dependence
galled her and she "was tired."
The Coroner will hold an inquest on the
remains to-morrow, but it is not expected
anything new will be developed.
NEW TO-PAT.
PROFESSOR J. M.--_UNYOJf.
Most women have some inward trouble
which makes life miserable and causes an
early breaking down of the whole system.
Prof. Munyon says that his Female Reme-
dies will positively cure the following
symptoms: Leucorrhcea or whites, pro-
lapsus or falling of the womb and back-
ache, bearing down pains, tired feeling,
soreness and dragging in the hips and
loins, painful menses, scanty menses, sup-
pressed mensesand regulate menstrual pe-
riods that come too often. Price, 25 cents.
If there is leucorrhcea or whites do not
fail to use Munyon's Leucorrhcea Tablets.
Price, 50 cents. These remedies provide a
home treatment that cures speedily and
completely all forms of female complaints.
Prof. Mnnyon puts up a separate cure
for each disease. At all druggists, mostly
'13 cents a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
AT AUCTION
BY
REFEREE'S SALE,
By Order of Probate Court,
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
WEDNESDAY, FEB. 24, 1897,
At 12 "0' CI Noon,
AT SALESROOM, 020 MARKET ST.
Following Property Belonging to Es-
tate of Mary I". Pease.
Nos. 16 and 17 SOUTH PARK AYE.. NE. cor.
Centex place; lot 47:6x97:6 along Canter plaoe to
an alley; 3 frontages: _ 4-story brick houses,
rented to one party at 865 per month; tenants pay
water; street work completed.
Nos. 370 and 87'_ BRANNAN ST., N. side, ad-
joining Third it.: lot 35x80 to rear street: 2
2-story frame houses and stable ln rear: rents
88-1. tenants pay water: streets and sidewalks
accepted by city.
No. 37 SOUTH PARK, adjoining . SE. cor. of
Third St.; lot 21:9x137:6 to rear street) street
work accepted by city; rents $27 60; tenant pays
water.
For abstract and terms of sale apply to
MADISON* & BI'SKK,
636 Market St., Opp. Palace Hotel.
DR.MCNULTY.
fTmS WELL-KNOWN and reliable OLD
J- "specialist cures Private,Nervou_j,Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men oni y. Muni v Power restored. Over
aiyears'experl-oee. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
ilallv:«:*> toB.ao.vys. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly _oii_deutla_, Call or address
P. KOSCOE MeJiTLTT, M. _>
26*_ Kearny Street, Ksd Franciaco. Cal.
THE
WEEKLY
CfILL
ol It Publishes tire Cream of the
ol News of the Week and
<=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THB
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
0 Rendering of the Po-
ck 1 - litical News.
J It's the Paper to Send East If
01 You Want to Advertise
_J California.
°\ The Best \ /^Mining
ol Telegraphic \/ News That
ol Service on /\_ Is Accurate
cJ The Coast / \& up to date
**\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
gV it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 * PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
~J Bright, Clean, A Champion of
©^ Thoughtful. Truth.
OC
ol A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
cJ ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
CX HOME MAIL, $1.5©
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
©/ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
■ "-•••••.
VggSPcCKIp-^lg Gleet, Spermatorrhea:
j^«'initosii»y».^ Whites, unnatural d&
_\g_\_J -u-rint-e.i *g ■*hargos, or any lnflammal
K«__a not ■» .trie tare. "» tion, irritation «i ulc»>™
g^taveiiT- »«»«-•■-. tion of mucous S-
FTSyHSEvUNS CheuichOq. branch Nou-aatringe™
lflfflLpiNClNMTl.o 9H| Sold by I»rujrffpUt .
Js^__\__y-B- 1-- J___W^L^^ in Plain wr-pps'-
*C-^_-_-_-_-_-_-P!o-_ 7 eipre , 88 L prepaid, ft
J?. 00 <>r 3 bottle., *}.7\
- urnim ..*,%*• B Circular Beat on?- -***.NATIONAL GUARD
To-day the National Guard of the State !
r-riilturn out in honor of the anniversary j
of the birth of Geor <c Washington.
. In this City the Navai Battalion will he !
inspected in the forenoon by the com- ;
mander-in-chiei and the. Military Commit
tee of each house of the Legislature, and
in the afternoon the same officials, after j
having had lunch, will inspect the First '
Regiment of Infantry on Van Ness aye- \
nue." ."
.' In -regimental orders Lieutenant-Colonel j
Dmboce, commanding the First, says: "It i
is the intention of the brigade comman- j
der (weather permitting) to tender the
commander-in-chief and the joint Mili- .
tary Committee of the Legislature a re
. view upon Van Ness avenue, in which
case the regimental line will be forme i at
2:20 p. m. on the easterly line of Van Ness
avenue, right resting on Golden Gafe aye- j
Hue."
° ■ During the past week but little has been
dove in the matter of military legislation j
; at Sacramento beyond placing the pro- I
posed bills in shape so that no one pro
vision shall conflict with another. As a .
1 military man said, "They have not been
doing anything but rubbing the rough
edges 6ff the bills."
First Brigade.
.SANTA* ANA, Cal., Feb. 13.— Company L,
Seventh Regiment, N. G. C, of this city, is
now fully at home in its comfortable and j
spacious new quarters on West Fourth street. ;
A five years' lease has been secured on the
building and probably there are iewcompanies ■
iii the State which have better accom mo a- !
tions than are now possessed by Orange
County's military organization. For a number
of years past the company has "bunked" on |
the upper floor of the Spurgeon bui.dinT.u-- j
ing the opera hall for drilling purposes. The
.room accessible, however, was too small for !
the constantly increasing company and the
entire building at present occupied wrs se- j ,
cured and fitted up, the boys en joying an ia- j
" formal bean bake to celebrate lis occupancy a
few nights ago. ! :
The main building is 28x65 feet, and a gym- j i
Armor/ of Company L, Stventh Regiment, N. G. C, at Santa Ana.
nasium 28xG0 feel was erected at the rear..
The armory, which occupies the full lirst floor
of the main building, Including a fully
equipped kitchen, is -pplendidly arranged, fur
nishing ample room for l< ckers. etc., and leav
ing space for banquet tables or any other re
quired room lor entertainments. Upstairs is
- large double parlor 28x28, a smoking-room
14x10, commissioned officers' room 14x14.
and llard-ioom 24x24. Adjoining the build
ing on the east a splendid parade ground has
been prepared, l',l\xll3 feet, furnishing the
best of facilities for outside dri.l?. For in
clement weather the gymnasium affords ample
drill room.
The gymnasium is supplied with nearly all
devices for am etic training, and forms one
of the most enjoyable and beneficial leatutes
of the company's equipment. Jfurizontal and
parallel bars, trapeze, rowing machine, exer
cizers. dumbbell*-, springboard, boxing gloves,
foils and other muscle-hardening devices are
in evidence on all sides, and the company's
membership includes many who are notably
proficient in the ve-rious lines of athletics.
-Th* culinary equipment is excellent, as n i
Jew ol the press representatives wno attended j
ihi' opening bean spread are fully prepared to
testify. i
There are hot, cold and shower baths, and
In fact every arrangement for health and en- ■
joyment seem, to have been anticipated in j
preparing the new quariers.
The roster of the company shows the follow- j
ing membership: ■ ■ - J
Captain, S, H. Finley; first lieutenant, E. G. ]
Glenn; secoud lieutenant, H. W. Graham.
Non-commissioned officers First Sergeant,
"V. I). Johnson; quartermaster sergeant. C. W.
Hannah; sergeants, W. A. Greeuleaf, Horace
Fine and A. ft Smith: corporals. R. A. North
rup, S. K. Thompson, George Magill, L. Vestal.
L. R. Broc-.A. P. Dresser, J. C. Abbey.
Privates— C. Adam**. H. G. Ames, F. L. An
derson. K. Bit-hop, J. 1.. Brazleton, 1.. A. Bar
rett, C. L Bowman, E. F. Barton, W. B. Bow
ers. li. K. Cleaver, N. Cartmell, M. C. Cooper,
H.D. Conneil. K. Collier. W. C. Carpenter. G.
Campbell," Doc El is. J. H. Ellis, W. A. Fades.
Charles F. acker, George Field, D. Fields. A. G,
Kiuley. «'. _. Fox, J. P. Hopkins, H. Harris, S.
K. Insley, B. E. Johnson. O. S. Kurtz, G. S.
Lam-ton, E. Mcßevnolds, 0. B. Monaghan, R.
McC lay, F. Mi. ler, J. B. Matthews, C. H.
Nickey, C. L. North, N. I. Palmer. J. E. Palmer,
George Peabodv. — Rutherford, C. <'• Rowen,
F. Sander*. William Smith, H. G. Smith. J. H.
Stewart, G. Talbott, R. F. Vegolev, T. Vestal,
O. C. Welch, A. F. Walters. E. Ward, F. Youat.
Second Brigade.
In compliance with general orders from the
headquarters of the Second Brigade the First
Regiment Infantry will parade this afternoon.
The field and staff (mounted), non-commis
sioned staff, band, field music. First and Sec
ond battalions, ... report to the adjutant cap
tain A. J. Keileher at the regimental armory
at 2 o'clock in the aftern The Third Bat
talion Is ordered to report at the armory and
await order at '1 o'clock. The cadet company
is to report to the adjutant of the Third Bat
talion. The men wiil appear in service uni
form. That means campaign hat. blouse, uni
form pants, leggings and woolen or cotton
shins. No tan shoes to ba worn on inspection
or parade.
On recommendation of the regimental ex
amining board the following appointments
and promotions have been made to rank
from January 29: Corporal H. L. Burleson,
Company L, to be sergeant, 94 per cent; Cor
The New Captain and Lieutenant of the Signal Corps, Second Brigade
I porai Matthew D. Delaney, Company E, to be
I sergeant. 01 er cent; Private .1. F. Norton,
j Company Or, to be quartermaster-sergeant. 75
| ter een i ; Private F. J. Grundman, Comi a' v ]
to b-e corporal, 81 per cent; Private John K.
I McGee. Company E, to be corporal, 75 per
cent; Private J. G. Hawks, Company F, to be
i corporal, 75 per cent.
The fo lowing non-commissioned officers
[ have been reduced to the ranks at their own
[request: Quartermaster-Sergeant A. H. Ken
nedy, Company C; Sergeant John J. Harring
, ton. Company A; Corporal W. H. F. James,
Company C.
Tnere was a battalion drill of Second Bat
p talion companies M, B, L and 11, under com-
I mand of Major s;me, in the regimental armory
last week. The attendance was good and the
; men made a good appearance.
There will be adiill ot the First Battalion,
companies D, A, h. and I, under command of
Maj >r Buxton on next Friday.
'1 he Nationals gave their monthly social in
the Ellis-street armory on last Friday night.
There a- -i large attendance of mem: and
their young lady friends and an enjoyable
time was had.
By command of Colonel Fairbanks of the
Fifth Infantry tbe various companies of the
regiment will parade in their respective cities
and towns to-day. Companies A, X and (. will
! report to Major Hayes In Oakland.
The following promotions in the Fifth
Infantry have been announced: Sergeant
Charles Brien, Company A. to be first sergeant,
vice Downey, who return- to the ranks at his
: own request: Corporal A. E. >■■ ott of < ompauy
j D to bo sergeant, and Private N. Vanderbilt lo
j be corporal.
There will shortly be a meeting of the com
, pany commanders of the Fiflh infantry to
; discus* the modified acceptance of the chal
lenge issued to the First Infantry to shoot a
match.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 19.— An entertain
, ment was given by the boys of Company E on
I the 15ih inst The Rose City Glee and Man
dolin Club assisted the musical members of
. | the company in the entertainment and fur
; nished delightful music for the dance that fol
lowed.
Sergeant Blackford, wbo is about to sever
his connection with the company, after even
i yearsof continuous service, was decora led with
ii ten-year service medal by Captain C. E.
Haven at the conclusion of the battalion drill
! last week.
There are tbree members of Company E who
i now possess this medal.
There are sixteen members of Company E
! whose -scores have not fallen below 38 during
i the past year andirom these Lieutenant Heller,
p inspector of rifle practice, will select a squad
I to compete at Scnuetzen Park in the com
petitive shoot between tho First and Fifth
Regiments, to be held shortly.
At the last regular monthly shoot valuable
I prizes were off °red and won' as follows: First
j class. Corporal G. F. Kohler, 41; second class.
! Private L. W. Kohler, 42; third class. Private
| J. H. Cohenour, 36; fourth class, Private W.
! Callahan. 30.
Prizes wilt be awarded at all the monthly
I shoots held hereafter in order to insure a good
j atiendauce and increase the interest in this
| very important work. As there are several ]
I vacancies among the non-com mlsstoncd ofll- ;
cir - < plain Haven is now eng-.g.-d iv making 1
ast r.es of examinations to use rim i the fit- j
p ness of candidates for these offices and to i
j otherwise raise the already high standing of ,
Company E in mi lii ary science.
The Signal Corps, Second Brigade.
The election of Lieutenant Philip J. Perkins j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1597.
to the captaincy of the Signal Corps to fill the '
vacancy caused by the lesignatlon of Captain
Boardman, and tne election of Corporal Leslie
Hewes to the lieu leu icy of the company,
vice Perkins, promoted, both by tne unani
mous vote of the tbirty-iour members present,
gives fatisfaction to aii those above as well
as those below the rank of the promoted
officers. Both men are very popular with
tueir command.
The members of the corps have been very
active of late acquiring proficiency in the
new code of signals, .quads go out every
Sunday practicing with fl_es.
This mor, ling the members of the corps will
go out for a practice drill, and in the afternoon
tney wi.l take part in the review on Van Ness
avenue.
The Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 21.— Owing to
the disagreeable weather the Signal Corps of
the Third Brigade has been doing but little
work with the heliograph during the past
month and are awaiting with impatience the
time when they can again go afield. At the
last drill flag work was taken up and the
members were put through a thorough course;
four stations were established in the armory
by Lieutenant Martin aud the men were kept
busy sending interesting war messages for
upward of two hours. As the members were
! not allowed so speak klov.' a whisper while at
work any mistakes made in signaling had to
\ be rectified with a flag instead of talking
j across tne hall. In accordance with general
I order No. 1, the corps has Lean ordered out on
I Washington's birthday for heliograph prac
tice. Stations will be established around the
I city and signaling will be kept ud from 1
| o'clock to 5 p. m.
The chief topic of interest among the mem
bers of the corps at the present time is the
coming pistol-shooting contest between Lieu
tenant Martin and Sergeant Bailey. Both
men are crackerjacks and about evenly
matched, but it is said that the majority of
I the corps are backing the ser.eant, although j
. there are others who think their wagers are
j safe on tbe lieutenant.
The corps headquarters have been remodeled |
and are considerably improved in appearance.
i Sergeant Martin's term has expired aud owing :
to the fact that his business takes up so much ,
! of his time it will be impossible for him to I
I re-enlist. In the retirement of Sergeant Mar
, tin the corps loses a very popular and compe
tent signalman. He has been a member of the '
corps lor the last seven years and is a general
favorite wiin his associates. His successor
; will be appointed at the next regular meeting
in March.
Within the next two months the cores will
] probably be increased to a membership of
j forty, and the boys then claim that they will
mike matters exceedingly lively for the other
corps throughout the State.
Private McCurdy, who has been an active
1 member of the corps for a long time, left last
i Tuesday to reside in Pan Francisco, and if
agreeable to the members of the Second
: Brigade Signal Corps, he will apply for a
l transfer. Arrangements bad all been com
■ pleted between Troop B, of the Cavalry, and
the Signal Corps of the Third Brigade for an
, encampment of two days, tobe held on Feb
! ruary 21 and 22, but owing to the unsettled
weather, it has been decided to postpone the
outing.
Company G's drill was very well attended on
j the 15th inst* there being over .0 ncr cent
present. The drill consisted in setting-uD ex
ercises and posting guard relief. The men are
j mora than ambitious, and are striving hard to
become one of the crack companies o: the
Stale. The non-commi.-sioie'i officers have
decided to have at least two meetings per
j mouth, at which «li kinds of movements will
be taken up in detail and fully discussed, and
it is thought to be a pood plan for all the com.
panics to follow, as it tends to do away with
I the bashfulness of the non-com's.
Target practice is starting up and the com-
I pany Is improving rapidly at the butts, some
, of the boys showing decided Improvement. It
is thought Dy many of the local cracks belong
ing to the companies here that if the highest
scores iv cacti month macle by the best twenty
men in each company throughout the State
were forwarded to The Call for oublication
; it would foster a spirit of rivalry and lead
to some very interesting contest!, between the
different companies.
MODESTO, CaL., Feb. 13.— As the 22d of
February has been designated a field day for
the National Guard of California, Company D,
Sixth Regiment, is to celebrate it in company
with Company H of Merced if Company H ac
cepts the invitation to be with us which has
been extended to it by our company. The
tie'.d-day observances will close with a grand
mill:. masquerade at nigut in the armory,
which will no doubt be a. success, as friends
and acquaintances of the Modesto militia from
far and wide have signified their intention of
attending.
The athletic fever has taken hold of Com
| pany D and the large stage and clubrooms are
ip« ii.i.* fitted up with tne latest improved
paraphernalia of the gymnasium, and us the
privilege of the same will be allowed members
. of the company only it is expected that many
new names will be' added to th. company roll
from among the athletic element of our city.
As the range which was used last year for
target practi c is unsuitable for long-range
target practice another range has been
■elected, which will soon be ready for the
■ year's shooting.
The medals for last year's unofficial target
! prat tice are .expected to be distributed in tlie
near future. This year's target practice shows
a decided improvement on the last.
Cirt Cele.
WOODLAND. Cal., Feb. 20.— About fifty
! m'-mb-rs of Company F responded to the call
for their regular weekly drill in the new
j armory on February 19, and Captain Prindle
put the boys through a very hard drill, which
| was executed in a very creditable manner.
The drill work has recently been placed upon
I a systematic basis, and will no doubt prove
more beneficial. Regimental orders are is
j sued to the captain outlining certain drilling
to be done by the company on each even
1 lor a period of six months, thereby having all
; the companies drilled in uniformity.
During me drill last eveuing Captain Prin-
I die, assisted by Lieutenant Ward, inspected
the rifle of each member of the company.
I This is anew procedure, but the officers intend
j to make such an inspection at every drill and
see ihat the rifles .ire kept in proper-condition.
Orders have been issued to tbe members of
Company F to assemble at the armory next
Monday nt 12:30 o'clock for the usual observ
ance of Washington's birthday.
A response to the challenge of ten men of
Company ¥ to shoot a match with ten men of
Company B. of Honolulu, is expected by "the
next steamer from the islands. . If the chal
lenge is accepted, the match will take place on
j the local ranges under the direction oi the
j captains of the two companies.
The Naval Battalion, Second Division.
Last Tuesday the Naval Battalion, Second
Division, had a drill on the Spreekels wharf.
There was a large number members present,
and the men acquitted themselves in a very
creditable mann r. The men of this branch
oi the service have since the adoption of a
lyceum system, or school of instruction and
the delivering of lectures, taken au unusual
interest in the armory, the drills and every-
thing appertaining to the service. The
attendance at meetings and drills shows a
marked increase. This is proof that when the
officers lake a lively interest in the work of
iheir command then the men become Inter
ested, with the result that a more efficient
service is secured.
To-morrow night there will be a dress parade
of the battalion on the Spreekels wharf.
This morning the battalion will be in
spected by the commander-in-chief and
the Military Committees ol the Legisla
ture on board of the Comanche. The
visitors, throu.h the courtesy of Colonel Chad
bourne ana the Harbor Commissioners, will be
Conveyed on board of the Comanche by the
tug 11. 11. Markhain. The battalion expects to
turn out r. lar*e number oi men and makes
very favorable showing. If willingness and
attention to duty will gain commendation for
lb* 1 men the members of the battalion wilt cer
tainly secure such.
Removal— Dr. SW. Dennis, dentist, has re
moved from 115 Powell street to Parrott build
ing, 825-855 -larket, over Emporium. *
SEVEN TRUSTEES
TO BE ELECTED
Members of the Mechanics'
Institute Will Vote
To-morrow.
Retiring President Denicke Dis
cusses ihe Proportional
System.
He Denies the Assertion That the
Board Is Divided and That Secret
M:tbois Obtain
The annual election of seven trustees to
serve on the board of the Mechanics' In
stitute will take place to-morrow, the
polls opening at 11 o'clock and closing at
9. Hetetofore it has been a matter for
regret that the members of the institute
have taken so little personal interest In
the question of representation. This
apathy has resulted in the board of direc
tors being almost invariably elected by an
inconsiderable percentage of those en
titled to vote, of whom there are nearly
j 5000, though, in the words of a leading
| membor, it also serves to refute the asser-
J tion of c-rtain persons that the sentiment
i of the members is seriously divided and
' that there is or has been any profound
dissatisfaction witn the management of
| the affairs of the institute.
Of the fourteen directors constituting
: the board seven will be elected to-morrow
to hold office for the next two years, and
there are fifteen aspirants for these va
cancies. Their names are: R. P. Clement,
E. H. Cole, Ernst A. Denicke, F. T.
Doolan, Ferdinand Formhals, Thomas
llou.eworth, Rodney Kendrick, C. A.
j Kern, D. A. Macdonald, John McLaren,
I EL W. Neai, L. E. Phillip*. Charles M.
| Plum Jr., J. C. Sala and Horace Wilson.
Of this number Mr. Denicke is the retiring
president, Mr. Kendrick vice-president
and Mr. Formhals ana Mr. Cole retiring
directors.
The vote will be cast on the system
known as the proportional r.nd preferen
tial, which is designed to allow minorities
to secure some represent;" ion on the
board. Thus in the present instance,
should a total of 700 votes be cast for the
seven candidates, one-s» venth of that
number can elect one trustee. Prior to
15.3 the board was elected by the ordinary
method of majority voting, but in thai
year George Cumming introduced an
amendment to the constitution providing
lor ti.e adoption of the new system, and
his effort was successful.
The only attempt to draw up a ticket
for the present election was recently made
by a caucus composed of such well known
men and meiuueis as Irving M. Scott,
Hailidie, Cornwall, J. Spear, David Kerr,
and on ers, who called a nominating cau
cus and afterward issued a circular in
which the candidacy of President Den
icke, Hoaseworth, McLaren, Kendrick.
Neai, Plum and Sala was earnestly advo
cated. In every other respect the candi
dates are runniag independently and in
mutual opposition. But after all, as Mr.
I Den. eke pointed out yesterday, this very
circumstance guarantees the purity of tbe
poiiti of tne institute, because no indi
vidual candaate can commit an indiscre
tion without exposure at the hands of nis
opponents.
The element of discord periodically in
troduced by L. E. Phillips, who, it is said,
has retired from the contest, is severely
deprecated by the majority of tne present
board, as well as by the candidates them
selves.
"To refer to the action of the caucus as
an attempt to keep alive and perpetuate
the old spoils system is absurd," said Mr.
Denicke yesterday. "The nominating cau
cus was composed oi members of the very
highest standing, many of whom have
served as president of t.he institute in the
past. They are absolutely above sus
picion and would do nothing save in the
very best interests of the institute. As
far as the election itself is concerned, there
has been no disposition so far among the
candidates to indulge in recrimination.
"Recent irresponsible charges against
the conduct of the iate board are abso
lutely without foundation. . As a matter
of fact Barry, who, it was alleged, re
ceived so large a proportion of the
Mechanics" Fair printing, didn't get a
cent's worth. Mr. Presson, the head of
the printing committee, is a scrupulously
honorable as well as a. wideawake gentle
man and everybody who wishes to secure
a contract from him at any other figure
than the lowest mast rise very early in the
morning.
"It is equally absurd to say that the
Grand Army runs, the institute. It is true
that the late librarian, Mr. Wilson, and
myself both belong to the Grand Army,
but the army itself is no more powerfully
represented than any other body of citi
zens. I think 1 may say with confidence
that the interests of the institute are as
well taken care of as are those of any in
stitnte of the kind in the world.
"The facts about the late secretary's re
tirement also conclusively disprove the
assertion that the board compelled his
resignation to make room for Mr. Gum
ming Jr. Mr. Culver simply resigned to
accept a more remunerative position as
manager of the Cogswell School.
"The preferential system of voting
which obtains at our elections is an excel
lent system when all or nearly all the
members vote, but in the same proportion
as the percentage of votes cast decreases
the syst m loses its virtue. For this rea- |
son if no other, it is to be regretted that
so much apathy exists at elections,
though this shows that the members gen
erally are satisfied with the management
of the institute, and is there ore the best
refutation of the accusations against us.'
Joseph Leggett, one of the trustees, said
he was authorized to state on behalf of
R. P. Clement, one of the most popular
candidates for a vacant chair, that this
gentleman does not wish it to be thought
that Mr. Phillips is his friend or on his
side of the fence. "Mr. Clement claims, "
remarked Mr. Le.getr, with grim sar
casm, "that Mr, Phillips is trying to in
sure his defeat by posing as his supporter.
Personally, I don't propose to let Mr.
Phillips affect my feelings to the extent of
inducing me to follow Mr. Clement's ex
ample. As for the institute, there is none
better managed in the country, and I
speak from five years' experience." *
THE PARK WAS CROWDED.
Trapes- Performance by an Aeronaut
While High in Air.
The park and ocean beach were crowded
yesterday with fine equipages, cyclers and
pedestrians. The weather having been
unpropitious for several Sundays, nearly
everybody was behind on outing pleas
ures, and so hastened to make up for lost
time. Among the teams was a magnifi
cent six-in-hand of browns.
Tbe doctors at the ambulance station
have had an easy time they did not have
a single call during the last week.
At the conservatory there has been a
new arrangement of the palms. at, the en
trance, whicii makes i; even more beauti
ful than it was Lelore. The fernery ha**
been remodeled, and there are several
rare lilies from the South Sea Islands in
lull bloom. '-'SSBSMV
C. P. Wilcvmb, curator of the Park Mv
scum, is away in South California gather
ing Indian relics, and Rae Brown is in
charge during nis absence. John L. Bard
well has added to his former numerous
donations some rare curiosities, among
them a fac-simile of Cleooatra's needle in
miniatnre. The valuable collection of
specimens of animals and birds, presented
by tbe Selanger Museum of the Malay
Straits, has been arranged and classified
by Professor Gruber.
The Sutro Baths had a great crowd to
witness the sports there. The toys' swim
ming race was won by A. Bertram!, with
L. Ltcazette second. In the 100-yard race
F. Bell was first, and .1. Redican second.
Th^re was an excellent exhibition of high
and fancy diving, a burlesque comedy in
one act by Erapery and Schulte entitled,
"Officer Porter and H.s Sweetheart May."
F. Geddes won the obstacle race and J.
Redican the tub race. On the l.th of
March ihe Sutro Baths wiil have a grand
opening of their summer swimming sea
son.
At the Chutes there was a fine balloon
ascension aud parachute descent with the
aeronaut performing on the trapeze. The
strong men, Johnson and London, proved
a drawing attraction. To-day the pro
gramme will be repeated, with the addi
tion of fine fireworks. There will De a
bust of Washington forty feet high, and
the National flag will be represented in
colors of fire.
OBERON CONCERT HALL.
It Will Bo Opened To-Night With a
Grand Concert.
The Oberon, on O'Farrell street, will be
opened this evening as a . select family
concert hail. A. K. Fischer, the proprie
tor, has beautified and renovated the in
terior at considerable outlay, and the es
tablishment will be conducted as a high
class resort for families.
Ilcrr Ferdinand Stark, the famous Hun
garian concert-meister, and his Vienna
Orchestra have been engaged for a short
season, and will give their opening grand
concert at 8 o'clock this evening. Herr
Star- Is said to be a violin soloist ol great
ability and he comes highly commended by
leading Eastern musical critics as well as by
high authorities in his native land. There
will be two programmes every week, and
these will be alternated nightly. Care
will be taken to make the selections bright
and (popiipar. so that the entertainment at
the new rescrt will he both enjoyable and
instructive. Mr. Fischer aims at making
Herr Ferdinand Stark.
his establishment a favorite retreat for
families, ana he will put forth every effort
to make it select ana worthy of the pat
ronage of the best classes.
WON'T HAVE TO PAY RENT
Labor Exchangers Will Build
Houses for All Their
Members.
A Brick Kiln Started— -New Enter
prises Inaugurated Every Week.
Extending Rapidly.
The Hon. Green Majors spoke to and
for the Labor Exchange at the public
meeting held at Pythian Hall, 909 Market
street, yesterday afternoon.
He was introduced by J. S. Clark, the
State organizer of the exchange, who, in a
preliminary address, said the financial
system of States and nations of the world
was not merely responsible for the hard
times, but for all the mental and moral
obliquity of the world. Tbis financial
system had "wound us up," and it was
the province and the mission of the Labor
Exchange to "unwind us" without regard j
to politics or waiting for the' heavy and j
refractory machinery of the Government.
"It is a business matter," he said,
"wherein every man will, upon coming to
understand it, immediately see it to his
interest to Join with the movement.
Among the first great strides it will take
toward the emancipation of men is to re
lieve them from the necessity of paying
rent." l-teWMI.-jtal
He explained that this was to be ac
complished through the building of
houses for the member?, the start being
made through those who had land de
positing it with the exchange.
A man in the audience wanted to know
how this could be done. "Suppose 1 have
a house built," he said, "and not wishing
to occupy it myself and some other brother
does wish to occupy it. would he not have
to pay rent?" he inquired.
"Well, you know," said Clark, "we pro
pose to build a bouse for the brother also."
lowing the applause that this provoked
Clark explained that this could not be done
ail at once.
"There is not a week passes, however,"
he said, "but that some enterprise is begun
under the auspices of the exchange, some
industry started or some new avenue
opened up enlarging the horizon, the area
of usefulness and potency of the new sys
tem. Just in proportion as this growth
and development is made, so the exchange
acquires stability and the Labor Exchange
check extends its circle of operation."
Another meeting will be held next Sun
day afternoon at the same place.
PEOGEESS fOE 2EEIN.
Branch Seven or A. O. H. Gets a New
Dispensation.
A number of membersof the A. 0. H.
Board of Erin met at 121 New Montgom
ery street yesterday afternoon to reopen
their charter, as provided by a recent dis
pensation granted by the deputy of this
district. ;.
"Times are hard," said President Sears
of the board yesterday, "and we were anx
ious to reduce tbe initiation fee so as to
get in more members. This wili result in
a great benefit to our order."
A Monument In veil p.l.
A beautiful marble monument erected by
Mrs. William E. Meadows to the memory of
her beloved husband who died by accident a
year ago was unveiled at Cyprus Lawn Ceme
tery yesterday afternoon. Various fraterni
ties to which he belonged were represented by
a number of members who came to pay their
last tribute of respect to one whom all held in
high esteem. The services were conducted by
the Rev. J. S. David of the Swedenborg Mis
sion Society of this City. After an appropriate
address the monument was solemnly unveiled
while the "Kock of Ages" was being sung, led
by the Daughters of Sl. George. This was fol
lowed by prayer and the singing of the hymn
"Sweet by and by," closing with the benedic
tion.
NEVADA FIGHTERS
TO BE CENSURED
Loyal Irishmen Say That It
Desecrates St. Patrick's
Day.
A Committee WiU .Indorse the
"Monitor's" Denunciation
of the Fight.
Progress Mad. by the St. Patrick's
Day Convention Which Met
Yesterd y.
The St. Patrick's day convention was in
session all yesterday afternoon at K. R. B.
Hall, and considerable progress was made
toward shaping the celebration in such a
way that it wilt be a success.
Incidentally, during the afternoon there
was considerable heated discussion rel
ative to the Nevada prize-right, when a
resolution was proposed censuring the
managers for desecrating the festival day
of Ireland's patron saint by having a
prize-fight on that day.
Another proposition lhat elicited con
siderable discussion was an attack on the
Monitor because it has not been advertis
ing the proposed celebration, but the pa
per found many warm defenders and all
attempts to censure it were futile.
The committee on talent reported pro
gress and was granted another week in
which to select the orator. The names of
Geo.ee Gallagher and David Costello were
added to the committee. It was alsK) de
cided that the committee on arrange
ments shall hereafter meet every Tuesday
nieht at Hibernla Hall, 120 Ninth street
There was considerable discussion on
printing and advertising, and it wa. de
cided to bill the City thoroughly and pos
sibly extend the same method of adver
tising elsewhere, particularly in adjacent
towns.
R. O'Reilly wanted a committee ap
pointed to notify ths Monitor that there
will be a St. Patrick's day celebration in
this City.
Several delegates thought the Monitor
had not treated the convention right, but
a number defended the paper and the
matter was reterred to the press com
mittee.
Delegate Gildea and others eulogized the
Monitor and its editor and assured the
convention that the paper would do its
Dart at the proper time.
Jerome Deasy was in favor of following
the Monitor's advice in condemning the
Corbett-Fitzsimmons prize-fight as a dese
cration of St. Patrick's day. He intro
duced a resolution that five be appointed
as a committee '■> formulate the conven
tion's views on the fight.
A spirited discussion followed. Dele
gate Daniel Nichols .aid: "X want to be
honest, gentlemen, and 1 think I should
like to see the prize-fight ii I could afford
it. I believe there's many a heart here
that would Dp glad if the big Irishman
would win, and 1 think it's none of our
business at all.
"It's an affair in another State alto
gether, and we've got enough to do to
take care of St. Patrick here rather than
to be going to some other State and med
dle in its affairs." pflnSß
Mr. Deasy — We ought to have the man- ;
lines-* to condemn this thing, as tbe Moni- j
tor sugeested. Prize-fights are on a par j
with horse races and other forms of Gam
bling, and this is no way to celebrate the ;
day.
Delegate Flynn— A prize-fi_ht is one ;
thing and a prize-fight on "St. Patrick* 1
day is another. Ninety per cent of the ;
people will agree with the Monitor, and I ;
am lor the resolutions.
A motion to indefinitely postpone the !
matter was lost and Mr. Deasy's resolution !
carried. The following were appointed to '
draw resolutions on the subject: Deasy,
Donovan, Gildea, Conklin and Fiynn.
Nicholas was appointed, but he declined ;
to act, saying he was unalterably for the i
fight, "and if your commitceo censures it
you'll get into a battle 01 argument with |
me on this lloor."
Delegate Donovan will try to take
care of the gentleman in any argument !
that may arise.
Three of the five committeemen are in
favor of the Monitor's position and their
resolution, will at least censure the fight
for desecrating the day.
Just after the committee was appointed.
Rev. Father James McFadden was in- I
vited to soeak. He thought the conven- j
tion ought to follow the Monitor's advice 1
and condemn the fight.
The convention cheered him and agreed •
to aid him in his lecture at Metropolitan j
Temple, on the night of March 10.
The prize-fight question ana other mat- !
ters will come be tore the convention at I
K. R. B. Hall, at 2:30 next Sunday.
NEW TO-DAY.
JUST ARRIVED!
First Importation
SPRING LACES.
EMM TORCHON LACES.
2 inches wide, 5c per yard.
4 inches wide, 10c per yard.
SEW LACES,
For Trimming
WASH DRESS FABRICS.
"Beurre" and Linen Shades.
2 inches wide, 121 c per yard.
4 inches wide, 25c per yard.
Insertion to match.
Irish Point Embroideries.
New Designs.
4 inches wide, 6c to oc.
6 inches wide, 10c to 15c.
8 inches wide, 15c to 25c.
NOVELTY VEILUGS.
Black and two-toned effects.
18 inches wide, 25c to 50c
per yard.
WASH DRESS SILKS.
Just received per steamship
City of Peking,
0 CASES KAIKI WASH SILKS,
Full assortment of stripes,
fast colors. Lot No. 1,
loc per yard.
Heavier grades in plain
stripes and cords, endless
variety of patterns,
At 25c per yard.
NOVELTY SHIRT WAISTS
And WASH FABRICS, for
spring and summer wear,
now on sale at
KQHLBERG,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
AND
I 220- I 222- I 224 Market St.
! *2__& I
1 GREAT §
| % ($0? I
I OP THE AGE !
:• II fll! 111 __
i 9 Which is an external and internal §
I J remedy without an equal. x
| $ not 11 m preparation, m ore §
1° THAT HAS STOOD THE TbST Of OVER $
II QUARTER OF A CENTURY. 5
Thousands of persona all g
$ over the United States ±
I gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ♦
1 tin's Pain Curer and are f
I never without it. *>
♦ The Curer li free from all injurious *
I and poisonous properties, and is en- V
a tirely vegetable ln its composition. It X
♦ tones up and strengthens the system, X
i* purifies the blood, expels bad matter •
from the organs of the body generally, X
promotes digestion, regulates the appe- 5
tite and secures a healthy state of the 9
system and it. various functions. Taken X
occasionally as a preventive of disease, *
. lt keeps the mind cheerful and happy J
a by promoting healthful action of the X
9 skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, __
5 bowels, llrer, kidneys, bladder, spleen, 9
m spinal coftmn, and the whole nervous X
♦ system. It is also especially always __
T WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled 9
§ FOR THE PREVENTION AHD CURE §
X Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Fains Id X
2 General, Bowel Complaints. Dys- a
§ pepslu, Dysentery, Cholera _lor- 9
a bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, X
♦ Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous 4%
9 Complaints. Disease *f the Stout- 9
0 ach and Bowels Generally, Liver X
1 Complaints, Kidney Complaints, *
Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, V
Local and General Debility, Head- X
ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- 3-
ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, 9
Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, X
1 Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruise., ♦
Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- 9
dlgestioa. Skin Diseases, Eice*. A
sive Itchings and many other ♦
complaints too numerous to name 9
here. In a 'word, the great Pain m
§ Curer of the Age is an unequaled ♦
X family remedy. §
J Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, *
X lm CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent f.r 9
A lm CALLISCH, Wbolc.sls Agent for %
a the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. 2
4> For sale by all druggists. The trade _
supplied by Redington & Co., Mack X
& Co. and Langley <$. Michaels. San «_
L Francisco. J
♦C«9*9«»9'>iß*C*9*9*>C*99<»o
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS TH *■*
O great Mexican Remedy; gives lie-itn and
Btreugth to the Sexual Organs.
56
Site _- fiTali
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Caix, one week, by carrier..
Dally ard Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Calx., six months, by mall.. 3.00
■ DaUy acd Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Sunday f-mta. one year, by mail 1.00
Vvkj-it Call, •_. year, by mall I.WI
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery Bisect, corner Clay; open until
8:80 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open unt'.l 9:*"0 o'clock.
61- Larkin street: open until £:*". o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteen! h and Miss,. streets; open
■ntU 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Folk street: open until 9:30 clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
,"oomi 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, Sew York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL -PEAKS FOR ALL.
MONDAY FKIT.tARY "*_, 1597
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
4500 inches
of advertisements, which is
492 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Honor the memory of Washington.
.
There is a growing belief that Weyler
might have served Spain better as a bull
fighter.
The Kaiser talks and the Czar plots, but
George of Greece acts as if he were every
inch a King.
In the battle between the Greeks and
the Turks it looks as if everything would
depend on the referee.
This is a public holiday, but it i«j not a
day for lying around. Emulate the ex
ample of George Wa-hington.
It was something more than a coinci
dence that gave earth's greatest man the
task of founding its greatest Nation.
The Sultan is doubtless willing just now
to arrange an arbitration treaty with all
the world and leave the future to diplo
macy.
As Mark Hanna is reported to have said ;
he is tired of gossip about the Cabinet, it <
is evident he still shares the sentiments
of the people.
It is universally agreed that Washington
could not tell a lie, but historians say the
man who invented the cherry-tree story
was capable of anything.
The Cubans are so sanguine of success
that they have begun to discuss the re
forms they propose to adopt when the
Spaniards go home to stay.
.There is a man in Kentucky who be
lieves prosperity has already struck the
country. He got three coons and four
pailsful of honey out of one tree.
The Nevada prize-fight law should be
amended so that the State would have a
commission to act as timekeepers, referees
and stakeholders in all contests.
Bourke Cockran's statement that he is
"a Democrat without adjectives" is prob
ably the result of the fact that he cannot
find any to do justice to his feelings.
As some Philadelphia people are trying
to get the State Capitol located in that
city we have at last an opportunity to see
just how much speed they. can get up.
What would Washington have thought
of the cause of Cuba? How would he
have acted had the Cubans struck for
independence while he was President?
It is all well enough for the British
Government to hold Cecil Rhodes ac
countable for the raid into the Transvaal,
but what about the fellows who raided
•Egypt?
■ The Missouriani did not vote for protec
tion, but all the same they are rejoicing
because the Dingley tariff is to give lead
the benefit of a duty of 1% cents a pound.
They voted against the giver, but take the
gift.
A criminal in Kentucky was arrested,
arraigned, tried, convicted and sentenced
to the penitentiary for seven years in four
hours, thus making a speed record equal
to lynch law and pleasing the people
mightily.
Despite the fact that Cleveland placed
about 7_, 000 office-holders under the clas
sified civil service rules, McKinley will
have enough appointments to make to
keep his band in after he gets through
with the Cabinet-making.
Washington hotel-keepers are already
assured of enough visitors to the inaug
uration to make the show a success, and
any intending visitors who haven't en
gaged rooms up to this time had better
take a camping outfit with them.
The Chicago Inter Ocean says: "There
are in Chicago a dozen people who could
afford the monetary outlay of the Bradley
Martin ball, but there is not one who
could afford to brave the derisive laughter
that the essay would evoke." This is the
first time on record that Chicago pluto
crats have ever been charged with a lack
of nerve and collapse of gall.
That there is plenty of money to be
earned by anybody who has the skill, to
invent a new way of earning lt is made
evident by the report that a woman in
London has made a great success by or
ganizing an association to give women
advice about how to dress. The advice
given is much cheaper than that furnished
by a modiste and is said to be just as sat-'
isfactory.
. No man— not even MarK Hanna— is be
ing more discussed just now than Lyman
Gage. According to the stories that are
told he ha. translated the iEniad into
blank verse, is a spiritualist, a single
taxer, a gold bug, a mugwump, an anarch
ist and the wearer of a wig. It seems,
however, that only the first and the last
of these charges are anywhere within gun
shot of the truth.
GEORGE WASHINGTON.
It is a cheeWul sign of upward tendencies in American life that the observance of
j George Washington's birthday is becoming more general with the passing years.
I That it is the birthday of Washington rather than the date of some great event in his
I career, or than that of his death, which has been .elected for commemora
tion is significant of our American character, in that it chooses to
hail the future with i hope rather than remember the past with
j either pride or tears. The birthday of Washington has been made the symbol of the
j birthday of liberty in the New World, and his life has come to stand as the archtype
of our development as a Nation, and of our hope as a people apart and contrasted
i with those of our own extraction existing under other forms of law.
There is, perhaps, no other American whose life history has been more closely
scanned than that of Washington for tacts whicn would either increase or lessen his
regard in the minis of his countrymen. Every episode of his youtn, every incident
;in his early military career, every event in the record of the revo
! lution, every fact in connection with his official service, every circumstance
Jof his private life, has been put to the microscopic test. The
! result has been only an increase of public reverence and esteem. That "the great
I Virgianian kept slaves," Wendell Phillips, when it suited his purpose, did not hesitate
Ito .ay; that he swore at the retreating Lee at Monmouth, the faithful
I biographer has not failed to record; that he had some of the minor
blemishes of other men is freely conceded. But these things only increase
our human estimate of the measure of Washington, the man. Taken as a whole he
stands as the most perfect type of what the American people having produced in the
individual, may reasonably hope to realize in general under the blessings of liberty
as ordained, established and protected by American law.
Upon the banks of the Potomac, in the city of his name, elands the Washington
j monument, the loftiest human structure on the continent, and in its grand simplicity
l the most perfect of ail. To the construction cf its interior the quarries of every State
in tbe Union have contributed their stone. Tnere is a thought in this more subtle
probably than the idea of the architect who suggested the contribution. The
character of Washington, though lofty and grand, was formed of elements which are
not at all exceptional or unique, but like the stones in his monument, are but samples
of yet unquarried qualities in the character of the American people; qualities which
are being developed and utilized in the granite and marble framework of the constitu
tion and society of every State in the Union as the centuries come and pass.
THE ARBITRATION TREATY.
The refusal of the Senate to consider the
arbitration treaty with sufficient favor to
lix a day for taking the vote at this ses
sion, despite the urgency of Senator Sher
man, is^an evidence that the majority of
the Senate are opposed to the measure in
its present shape and intend to either rad
ically amend it or reject it altogether.
There is reason to believe that many of
the Senators wish to make the treaty sub
ject to the Nicaragua canal bill and will
not enter upon any agreement of arbitra
tion with Great Britain until such ar
rangements have been made concerning
the canal as will insure its control by the
United States.
The action of the advocates of the canal
in opposing the adoption of the arbitra
tion treaty is not the result of any purely
J jingo motive, nor is the outcome of condi
tions peculiar to this time. Those who
j think that the opposition to the treaty is
due mainly to the antagonism of Sena
tors to President Cleveland take a very
inadequate view of the subject. It is to
be noted that the opposition has been
made to Senator Sherman as well as to
Secretary Olney, and it is known that Mr.
Sherman is to be Secretary of Stat during
the next administration. It is very clear,
therefore, that antagonism to the bill is
not due to any dislike of a particular ad
ministration, but is founded upon the con
ditions of the treaty itself.
More than fifteen years ago James G.
■ Blame, then Secretary of State, sent a
p dispatch to James Russell Lowell, at that
time our Minister to England, instructing
him to inform the British Government j
that the United States could not consent
to any kind of treaty which would give
to that or any other nation an equal con
trol with the United States over the Nic
aragua canal. In the course of this dis
patch Mr. Blame; said:
It a hostile movement should at any time
be made against the Pacific Coast, threaten
ing danger to its people and destruction to
its property, the Government of the United
states would feel that it had been unfaithful
to its duty and neglectful toward its own citi
zens if it had permitted itself to be bound by
a treaty which gave the same right through a
canal to a warship bent on an errand of de
struction, that is reserved for its own navy,
! sailing for the defence of our coast and the
j protection of the lives ol our people. And as
j England insists by the might of her power
that her enemies in war shall strike her Indian
j possessions only by doubling the Cape of Good
Hope, so the Government of the United States
will equally insist that the interior, more
speedy and safer route of the canal snail be
reserved for ourselves, while our enemies, if
we shall ever be so unfortunate as to have any,
shall be remanded to the voyage around Cape
Horn.
It will be seen from the statements of i
this dispatch that the Nicaragua canal
scheme and the relation to it of any and
all treaties which may be made between
this country and other nations has long
been a subject of consideration by the
statesmen of the Senate. The issue is
not a new one to them, as it is to Secre
tary Olney. Administrations come and
administrations go, but the Senate re
mains forever.
It is one of the strong points of our
form of government that our foreign re
lations are largely entrusted to this per
manent and enduring body of statesmen.
It is only by reason of the fact that the
Senate is charged with this power that we
have bad in the past, or could have in the
future, any such thing as an established
foreign policy. Those, therefore, who are
most in favor of the arbitration treaty
should pause before they condemn the
Senate for declining to accept it in its
present form, or possibly in any form at
the present time. Let us first make sure
of our supremacy over the waterway
across the isthmus beforo we enter upon
treaties which might bind as in honor to
submit our domination of that canal to
the arbitration of a foreign power.
INDIAN GRIEVANCES.
One result of the outbreak of famine and
plague in India promises to be beneficial
to the people of the country. The dire |
calamities which have befallen them have j
called public attention to everything con
cerning India, and have led men of
prominence in England to give considera
tion to the requests which have come from j
that country for changes and amendments i
in the system of government.
For several years past there has been an
annual meeting at Calcutta of an assembly
calling itself the Indian National Congress.
This assembly is made up of natives of in
telligence and energy from all the prov
inces of the great empire, and the discus
sions held are directed to the end of ob
taining redress for grievances which are
felt under British rule. At all of these
meetings resolutions have been passed of
the same general character, but until the
present time they have been almost
ignored by the governing classes in Eng
j land. The famine and the plague, how
ever, have aroused the interest of the
British public, and there no ** seems
reason for believing that the people of
Great Britain will demand of Parliament
tbat something be done in the way of
redress.
According to the Calcutta Congress tbe
famine now afflicting the people has been
due largely to the great drain of wealth
resulting from excessive taxation. Com
plaint is made of the bureaucratic tend
enciesand over-centralized administration
of the government, and it is farther as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, IS9T.
'erted that much of the legislation enacted
by the British Council is unfitted for ap
plication in India, because it legislates
over the heads and beyond the immediate
needs of a people still wedded to old
tradition, custom and law.
The truth of the resolutions adopted by
the congress is confirmed by Lord Rob
erts, who from his long experience in India
as commander of the British array there is
well versed in the affairs of the country.
He has warned the people of Great Britain
that unless the grievances of India are re
dressed and a newer and better system of
government provided their hold upon the
country will be seriously shaken. While
much has been done for India and her
people by the building of canals and rail
ways, the burden of taxation laid upon
them to carry out these great designs has
been more onerous than they can bear.
They now demand through their annual
congresses a larger share in the adminis
tration of the country, and it seems that
unless they obtain it there will be trouble
ahead.
It is this newly awakened consideration
of Indian claims on the part of many lead
ing papers and men of influence in Great
Britain that give-, a ray of hope to the sit
uation, and promises that the famine and
the plague may prove in the end to be
benefits to the long - oppressed people.
Their disasters have excited commisera
tion ana caused a sympathetic study of
their conditions. They have therefore
better prospects than ever before of ob
taining relief, and it is to be hoped the
promises will not prove deceptive or their
fulfillment be too lon,, delayed.
IMMIGEATION PROBLEMS.
Secretary Olney has recently received a
letter from the famous novelist, Louise de
la Ramee, better known as "Ouiua," rela
tive to the immigration bill, in which she
protests against the barring out of immi
grants who cannot read. She states that
if we exclude Italians who cannot read
we will shut out the best and most labori
ous part of tho population and will admit
the trash of cities.
The peasantry of Italy, she informs the
Secretary of State, are almost entirely
illiterate. She has had many men in her
employ during her residence in Italy and
has invariably found those who could not
read ten times more industrious, temper
ate and honest than those "corrupted by
the trumpery education of the schools."
She has, she asserts, an old man in her
service who can be sent with fifty com
missions to purchase articles with only
oral instructions, and be will execute the
order without forgetting a single detail.
Such a man, she says, we would turn
from our shores, while a currupt youth
able to read would be admitted.
This argument from "Ouida" might at
first thought make the restriction of im
migration seem a folly, but it really shows
a reason why a restriction should be made
still more stringent. There are good rea
sons for shutting out the illiterate; there
are better reasons for shutting out the
literate corrupt, but practicability cuts a
great figure in the case, and it is much
easier to prove a man is illiterate than
that he is immoral or dishonest.
Perhaps some time in the future the can
didates for admission to the opportunities
of this country may be required to pro
duce certificates of good conduct for years
preceding their application for entry. By
such requirements this wonderful land of
ours would become a sort of paradise in a
moral as well as a material sense. Such a
policy of exclusion would be a practical
illustration of the reward that awaits on
well doing, and would furnish an incen
tive to the enterprising youth of Europe
to equip themselves in mind and charac
ter so as to be found worthy of admission
to American opportunities and American
citizenship. ,
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Traver Advocate, It is said, will shortly
be moved to Din uba, where it will be known
as the Alta Advocate.
The Solano Republican of Suisun has just be
gun Its forty-third year. It Is one of the old.
est and best weekly papers in California.
The Clovis Herald furnishes evidence of its
prosperity by enlarging to a seven-column
folio, and by materially improving the appear
ance of the paper. i
William G. Gllstrap has terminated his con
nection with the Tnlare County News and Tulare
Valley Citizen after three years of editorial ser-
Vice with those publications. The gentleman
is a Populist of the "middle-of-the-road" type,
and he assures his readers that his successor,
who bears the same family name, will not
abandon the Populistlc cause.
The Rio Vista Arte* states that the rich
lands of the Sacramento River section have
been found to be perfectly adapted to the
cultivation of asparagus, and that men of ex
perience in asparagus culture are already im
proving the soil of a large area for the purpose
of producing that vegetable on a large scale.
It is a new industry on the river.
Frank L. Dodge, founder of the Hanford
Sentinel, has retired from the journalistic field,
and has been succeeded in the ownership of
the Seniinelhy J. E. Richmond, formerly of San
Diego. Mr. Dodge has been an able champion
of the advantages of Hanford and the Lucerne
country, and the paper he edited ranks as one
of the best in the Interior; a standard, by the
way, that it bids fair to maintain.
A great flow of gas bas been struck on land
belonging to William Carr, eleven miles south
of Hanford, and the Sentinel of the latter plaoe
has this to say about it: "The gas and water
were tound at a depth of 420 feet, and the flow
of eras is thought to be the best in the State.
I* would not be a bad plan to pipe the gas to
Uanford for use as fuel. There is no doubt but
gas might be found in this vicinity by boring
not to exceed 2500 feet."
The Biggs Argus reports the extensive plant
ing of anew crop in Butte County: "William
Grant, manager of the Balfour, Guthrie
Rancho, has experimented in growing the
Winaor bean, called also the horse bean, with
good success. He has just received a ton of
the seed with which he will plant 100 acres
this spring. This bean makes a good growth
in Butte County soil, yields bountifully, and
not only brings a good price in the market,
but besides its popularity for table nse it
makes a valuable food for horses and cattle.
Horses and cattle like it seemingly as well as
corn, oats or barley, and, it is claimed, the
milch cows fed on this food produce more and
richer milk than when fed on cereals. Unlike
the ordinary bean the Winsor variety grows
onastright stalk to a height of from two to
three feet. The beans mature in pods, which
spring forth from the stalk, and olten as many
as eight beans are produced in one pod. Mr.
Grant will probably have several hundred
tons yield of this crop for the next market."
Berkeley has come to the front as a candi
date for the bay terminus of the Valley road.
The Herald of the university town expatiates
on the matter thus: '-Is there any reason why
this town should not get the lirst benefits to
come from the building of the Valley road to
the bay of San Francisco?
"The portion of Berkeley on the bay is such
that a great city can be built here without
reference to Oakland, or even to San Fran-
Cisco. We are situated soma five miles from
Oakland and have some three miles of water
front that can be made available for com
merce.
"Too certainty of the extension of that road
should move every property-owner to take
steps to prepare for the event.
"Tnere will be a meeting called of the
larger property-owners of the town at a very
early date to formulate some proposition that
can be presented to the directors ol the Val
ley road. It is believed that Berkeley can
easily furnish all of the rights of way and ter
minal facilities free of cost to the road,
besides raising at least $100,000 bonus in
cash."
The Watsonville Pajaronian. in its last Is
sues, imparts the following information of in
terest to horticulturist.: "Last fall the Beile
-11 .ur apples from some sections of this valley
showed red spots, and tnis discoloration af
fected their sale. Packers and orchardists
claimed tbat the spot was due to heavy fogs
followed by warm weather— that the spots
were blisters. When Professor Wickson was
here on the Gth inst. he was shown apples
with these spots, and on his return to Berke
ley he examined them closeley. He reports as
follows: 4 The apples with red spots are af
fected with a fungus like the shot-hole fungus
of tne apricot, but not the same species proba
bly. It can be prevented by spraying with cop
per carbonate solution as per our bulletin 115.
This should bo used when the lruit is nearly
ripe, just belore the time when the spots begin
to develop. Itis used in preference to Bor
deaux mixture, because it will not stain the
fruit. The scale on the apple* sent is uot San
Jose scale, but of a closely allied species. Tbe
lime, salt and sulphur wash is as good for this
as for San Jose scale.' Now that our fruit-
Krowersare informed as to the cause and rem
edy for the red spot lhey can do much toward
removing it. Tho scale re-erred to is what was
charged to be San Jose scale, and appeared ln
old orchards. The wash recommended is said
to be a sure shot."
NEWS, OF FOK--..G.M NAVIES.
The total number of workmen in the British
dockyards at home was 23,213 on February 1.
A first-class cruiser, somewhat similar to the
Powerful, 450 feet to length and 14,250 tons,
is to be built at the Portsmouth dockyard.
The French Government has communicatep
with certain English shipbuilders in reference
to the construction of ships for the French
navy.
The royalty paid by the British Admiralty
lor the Belleville water-tube boilers placed in
the Powerful and Terrible amounts to $26,250
for each ship. .-..'..
Sixteen torpedo-boat destroyers for the Span*
ish navy have been ordered from J. & G.
Thomson, Clydebank. They are to be similar
to the Furor and Terror recently built by that
firm for the British navy.
The Russian Black Sea fleet lies at Sebasto
pol, with steam up constantly, ready at any
moment lor service. It consists of the battle
ships Sinope, Catherine 11, Twelve Apostles,
George Victorious. Tschesure and Three Saints,
besides a number of unarmored vessels and
torpedo-boats. The battle-ships are the newest
in the navy and are said to be very efficient,
although none of them are of unusual size.
Contractors in the Jiritish navy have troubles
similar to those of which the Cramps and
others in this country comolaln— that of Navy
Department dllatoriness aud endless changes.
Tne firms of Earl, Napier and Thames Iron
Works lost heavily on some ship contracts
seven years ago, the last-named firm claiming
to be the loser of $500,000 on the Blenheim,
Grafton and Theseus. The claim was made
five years ago for extra compensation because
of neglect of the officials, but not until quite
recently has the Admiralty consented to listen
to the contractors' grievances and the chances
of the latter to recover their claims are said to
be very good.
The naval programme of Japan, according
to the Mainichi Snimtun, provides for an ex
penditure of 213,100,962 yen (one yen equal
to 60 cents) bei w.en now and 1006. Of this
vast sum 126,047,975 yen is for ships, 66.927,
--491 yen for armament and 20.125, for im
provements in dockyards. The shipbuilding
programme embraces four battle-ships of
15,140 tons each, six first-class cruisers ol
9000 each, three second-class cruisers of 4850
tons; two third-class cruisers of 3200 tons,
three torpeao gunboats of 1200, one torpedo
depot ship of 6750 tons, eleven torpedo-boat
destroyers and eighty-nine torpedo-boats. 2 * If
this plan is carried to completion Japan will
have a fleet nine .years hence consisting of
sixty-seven ships, aggregating 257,100 tons
displacement, eleven torpedo-boat destroyers
and 115 torpedo-boats. In the late war with
China Japan captured ten ships of 15,055
tons displacement, which now. with her fleet
already built, forms a good nucleus for ex
pansion.
Some of the French naval vessels are causing
much uneasiness among the navy officers.
The Jeaurreguiberry ana Carnot, recently com
pleted, are samples of contract and dockyard
work. They are armored ships of about 12,000
tons, the first being built by contract at La
Seyne. The Carnot was. built at the Toulon
dockyard. On the trial trip the oontract-bullt
ship performed to satisfaction and the changes
and requisite repairs were insignificant. The
Carnot, on th« other hand, drew much moro
water than intended and it was discovered she
had only breathing space for one-quarter of
the crew she was to carry. The constructors
added a superstructure to accommodate the
crew, which resulted in the ship becoming
dangerously top-heavy, so she wai taken back
to Toulon with the Jeaurreguiberry to be
finally fitted for sea. It seems from subsequent
developments that the constructors delayed
work on the latter ship In order to push- the
Carnot forward, and the Minister of Marine
lost patience and relieved three constructors
from duty and turned the work over to others
LAW AND SECOND MARRIAGES.
Albany Argus-
A young widow in France whose husband
left her all bis property on condition that she
should forfeit the whole, except dower, if she
married again, was inclined to contract a new
marriage, and prudently went to the local
court to see if there were any escape. It up
held the will, but a higher court to which the
question was. taken then reversed the decision
on novel grounds. The Judges there said that
celibacy, being contrary to nature, was some
thing which no man, alive or dead, had a
right to Impose, and . that such an act, par
ticularly in a country like France, where the
population is stationary or waning, was con
trary to pnblle policy. Upon. this the wiaow
married, but it seems she was too hasty after
all, for relatives carried the case up to the Su
preme Court, which unga.lantly reaffirmed
the original opinion. This French decision
agrees with the! law in this country, and, we
believe, ln England. Conditions in restraint
of marriage are generally held to be void, but
there are exceptions to the rule, and one of
these exceptions is ia the case of a second
marriage.
"TRANSIT MARKS" FOR THE COAST.
An important aid to navigation, by which
mariners alone the Pacific coast may readily
determine the deviation of their compasses, is
likely to be afforded soon by the Chamber of
Commerce, Shipowners' Association and the
marine underwriters, acting on the recom
mendation of Alfred and Edmund McNevin,
tons of the late Captain McNevin, and masters
of the McNevin School of Navigation. It is
proposed that at suitable points along the
coast, from San Diego to Puget Sound, and es
pecially about the shores of the principal har
bors, two prominent points which can be
brought conveniently within range from deep
•rater be taken and the true magnetic bearing
Diagram Showing Range of Objects on
Shore, to Be Used by Shipmasters
as "Transit Marks."
of the lino between them determined and
made known, so that a commander may easily
compare the bearing of his compass needle
therewith. Tbis is something that has been
carefully done by Governments, boards of trade
and nautical bodies of Europe, but this valu
able safeguard is here being seriously consid
ered for the first time.
A ship's compass ie its navigator's mcst im
portant guide, and upon the minute correct
ness of the ship's bearing, as told by the com
pass, there often depends the chances of safety
and disaster. If in the night or the fog the
bearing of the needle and hence of the ship is
a fraction of a point out of the way, the vessel
may strike the reef or the point which
she is steered to clear. The compass
needle rarely points truly on board ship and
it is necessary to know constantly the varia
tion and the allowances to be made for it.
Tne swerving of the needle from the true
magnetic north depends. upon different things,
and, according to tho cause, is called "varia
tion." "deviation" and "local attraction."
Variation is due to the earth's magnetic cur
rents, and being constant in one locality is
known and itis given on the charts. Local
attraction is due to the close presence of large
bodies of iron and is temporary.
Deviation is due to the iron of the shlD or
its cargo, and must be known for each vessel.
This deviation varies, too, with the ship's
bearing or position. When the ship points
north the needle is affected by the ship's iron
differently from what It is when the ship
points east or south. The deviation must be
known, then, for different bearings of the
ship. As a little iron near the compass may
affect the deviation, the deviation should be
known at each sailing. It is supposed that
the late wreck of the steamer Humboldt was
due ln part to compass deviation. At the in
vestigation the captain testified that the com
pass might have been wrong, for there were a
lot of butter boxes piled on deck, and '.he iron
in them might have affected the needle. Had
the captain of the Humboldt been able to
easily squint along the line between the shot
tower and some steeple on leaving port and
compared his compass bearing with the known
bearing of that line, the Humboldt might not
have been lost. SHH
The captains of the big ocean-going steam
ers and of deep-water vessels keep careful
track of their compass deviation by the occa
sional calculation of an azimuth or ampli
tude or an observation with a polarus, but the
navigators of coast vessels ignore deviation to
a great extent, depend on observations of
shores and lights and take chances for the
rest. Many coasting captains are not experts
on azimuths, anyway.
By the plan proposed a very simple observa
tion readily taken would enable any coasting
captain to determine the deviation of his
compass, and that knowledge would be an
other element of safety to him. It would be a
convenience valuable to every mariner who
approaches the coast. In Europe and other
countries mountain peaks, rocks, tall chim
neys, church spires and beacons erected, for
the purpose are used. What is wanted is two
permanent objects for "transit marks," the
farther apart the better.
About the harbor of San Francisco spires
and all sorts of prominent objects about the
shore, islands and distant hills would be
taken and along the coast at suitable points,
where hills rise some distance back of the
shore, natural objects or large posts would be
use*-. ' The location, description and true mag
netic bearing of these pairs of objects would
be given to mariners just as buoys, lights, etc.,
are now given. In the harbors these points
would come into line as the vessels swung
with the wind and tide, and at sea a captain
could heave his ship to for the brief observa
tion.
A few hundred dollars or so would provide
these aids to navigation from San Diego to
Puget Sound. Messrs. McNevin have ad
dressed a letter to the Shipowners' Associa
tion, which will be considered at the next
meeting and it will also com. before the
Chamber of Commerce.
HURRAH FOR GREECE!
Little Greece is full of ginger
And ber guns are full of shot;
For his job-lots, Abdul Hamid,
Little Greece will make it hot.
«■
While the craven Powers dally
.Mil their bounden duty shirk,
Little Gieece haa scored a taliy
' With a vo.ley for tha Tors.
Britain's lion roar- and threatens.
Russia's bear cavorts and growls;
Little Greece has but on" answer
To their frantic, craven howls:
"Better war for God and country
Than exist In shameless peace!"
Down with (sultan Abdul Hamid,
And hurrah for little Greece!
. -X. Y. Evening Sun.
«* PERGONAL.
W. E. Janete of Napa is at the Russ.
W. G. Gllstrap of the Visalia News is at the
Baldw.ln.
D. C. Page, a fruit-grower of Vacaville, is a
guest at the Russ.
Dr. W. F. McConkey of Bethany, Mo., is a
guest at the Palace.
William M. Skerrett of the MareJlsland'navy
yard is at the Lick.
8. D. Maseland, a business man of Butte,
Mont., is at the Russ.
J. Copeland, a mining man of Downieville,
is visiting at the Lick. ■
E. E. Biggs, a banker of Gridley, registered
yesterday at the Grand.
J. Arranger of Paris is one of the late ar
rivals at the Occidental.
Dr. W. F. Wiard of Sacramento is in town
and a guest at the Grand.
Dr. J. H. Glass ot El Paso de Robles , Is mak
ing a brief stay at the Grand.
Frank H. Short, an attorney of Fresno, is in
town. He has a room at the Palace.
L. W. Sbinn, a mining man of Angels Camp,
is making a short visit at the Grand.
C. W. (lough and H. Walsh, prominent citi
zens oi Chico, are at the Cosmopolitan.
Henley C. Booth, a young attorney and
politician of Santa Barbara, is at the Grand.
- James W. Mlnturn, a ranchowner of Mln
turn, Merced County, is visiting at the Palace.
Mrs. John E. Richards and her two sons re
turned yesterday from a brief visit to San
Jose.
■ T. L. Reed and H. M. Reed of Reedley, Fresno
County, are among the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Gus Levenson, a boot and shoe merchant of
'-•-"-■ .. --;
Sacramento, is in town. He Is staying at the
Grand.
L. W. Burris, cashier of the First National
Bank of Santa Rosa, is registered at the Cali
fornia.
J. F, Parks, a mining superintendent of
Jackson, Amador County, is registered at the
Baldwin. * :-••'.•■
Captain W. J. Bryant and C. C. Cherry of
Seattle arrived here yesterday and registered
at the Lick.
Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding came down
from the State capital last night and registered
at the Grand.
Senator Shine and son of Sonora are down
from Sacramento and staying at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Harry Harris, the horseman, returned to the
Baldwin yesterday from a visit in the south
ern part of the State. .
Mrs. E. P. Buckingham, who own and man
ages an extensive fruit farm near Vacaville,
is a guest at the Palace.
Mrs. C. L. Dickson, wife of Dr. Dickson of
Victoria, B. C, arrived on the Umatilla yester
day and Is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Sheriff Dan Donahoe of Yuba County came
down from Marysville yesterday, accompanied
by his wife, and registered at the Grand.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Governor Ttirney of Tennessee pardoned
820 convicts during his term oi office.
The author of the well-known hymn, "We
Are One Day Nearer Home." is Rev. B. H.
Hunt, at present pastor of a Presbyterian
church in Georgetown, Nebr.
In his book on "The Education of the Cen
tral Nervous System," R. P. Halleck says: "It
Is probable that one seldom gets an absolutely
new idea into his head alter he is 30."
The Earl of Kenmore, owner of the tract of
laud upon which the recent bog slide oc
curred, is one of the largest- landowners in
Ireland, possessing over 80,000 acres in Kerry
alone.
Public story-tellers still earn a good liveli
hood in Janan. In Tokio alone 600 of them
ply their trade, provided with a small table, a
fan and a paper wrapper to illustrate and em
phasize the points of their tales.
Prince Ran jit Sinhjl, the popular cricketer,
was the heir to a magnificent estate in India;
in fact, a Rajahship worth at least £30,000 a
year. But through leaving India aud settling
in this country be is held to have forfeited his
right to the same.
The Queen of Denmark has shown plenty of
courage in her time. The withered hand that
she bears was due to a mauling it received in
youthful days from a tame tiger which at
tacked her. Though seriously hurt she real
ized the importance of not showing fear, and
drew the animal with her to a place where
the palace guards could shoot it.
lowa has been represented In five Cabinets
by James Harlan, Secretary of the Interior
under Johnson; W. W. Belknap, Secretary of
War under Grant; W. McCrary, Secretary of
War under Hayes; Samuel J. Kirkwood, Secre
tary of the Interior under Garfield, and Frank
Hatton, Postmaster-General under Arthur.
Senator Allison and ex-Governor Boies have
declined tenders of Cabinet places.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY. ™
"Imperious Ca_*ar, dead and turned to clay,
Might stop a hole to keep the wind away";
But when it comes to patching up a tire,
'Tis rubber, not dead Romans, we desire.
—Chicago Record,
"You cawn't set down no fixed rule o' con
duct in this life," said old Wipgins, the barley
mow orator, "Samson got into trouble 'cause
he got 'is hair cut, and Absalom got into
trouble 'cause he didn't.— London Tld-Bits. k
"I don't see why you keep an office."exc
laimed the careless man's candid friend.
"You're never in lt."
"Of course, I'm never in it."
"Then what makes you maintain it?"
"Why, I've got to have some place for the
bill-collectors to come, haven't I?"—Washing
on Star. ■■•".■
She— a "tariff-tinker" is a man who
wants to make changes in the tariff?
— Yes— that Is, changes which we oppose.
If he wanted to make the changes which we
advocate he's be a statesman. Puck.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Argon— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. The chemi
cal symbol of argon, the new gas, is A.
Not Valid— P. 8., City. In the State oi Cali
fornia neither a contract nor a mock mar
riage is Valid.
The Tariff— G. a, Livermore, Cal. The
difference between the McKinley and the
present tariff is about 25 per cent.
Hat Bands— C, Madrone Springs, Santa
Clara County, Cal. Embroidered hatbands in
gentlemen's hats are not so common as they
were a few years since, still there are some
who use them.
Not a Violation— E. G. S., Llvermore, Cal.
It is no violation of law to melt United States
coin, but it is unlawful to deface such coin by
stamping a name or business advertisement
upon it.
The California Vote— E. G. S., Livermore,
Alameda County, Cal. The electoral vote of
California was at the election last November
divided. By the majority rule McKinley's
electors carried the State.
Tanglefoot —E. G. S., Livermore, Cal.
"Tanglefoot" is an Americanism ol Western
origin applied to a vile kind of whisky, one
drink of which has the effect to tangle the
drinker's feet to such an extent that he can
not walk straight. The author of this word is
not known to writers of slang history.
Haley as County clerk— l. h., City.
During the twenty-four months M.. C. Haley
was County Clerk, the expenses of the office
were: s«l ries, $667966 per month, a total
of $160,31": sta ionery, etc., per month
$113 22, or $2717 28 for the term. The aggre
gate was 1798 83 per month, a grand total of
$163,029 28 for the term.
The Popular Vote— B. F. W., City. The
popular vote for President of the United States
is obtained from the official returns of each
State in the Union. As to the publications you
name in your communication, it is only neces
sary to say that the compilers take the returns
as published in the leading tapers of each
State and use the figures. Sometimes such
publications are correct, to a figure and some
times they are not. The only wav to get exact
figures is to obtain them from the Secretary of
State of each State. '
Political Names— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal.
"Popocrat," "Demopop" and "Middle of the
Road" are political terms which were brought
into use during the campaign of 1896. lt is
impossible to trace the authorship of these
terms, but the first two were used to desig
nate the double-headed ticket. Democratic
and Populist, for Bryau, and the last term was
no aoubi suggested by the picture "The Boss
of the Road," representing an old farmer
driving his team in the middle of the high
way and refusing to turn either way to ac
commodate two stylish rigs that were advanc
ing toward himT It was applied to the Popu
lists, who were represnted as moving between
the two great political parties and not wish
ing to give way to either.
A Corforation-M. V. S., Haywards. Ala
meda County, Cal. In your communication
you do not state what kind of a corporation
you desire information about, but presuming
that it is a private corporation will say that
private corporations may be formed in the
State of California by the voluntary associa
tion of any five or more persons iv the man
ner prescribed in the Civil Code. A majority
of such persons must be residents of the State
of California. The articles of incorporation
must set forth the name of the corporation, iv
purpose, principal place of business, .the
term of years for which it is to be established
(not to exceed fifty years), number of directors
or trustees (not less than five and not more
than eleven), and the amount of capital stock.
Legislature in San . Francisco— W., City.
It was the thirteenth session of the Legisla
ture of the State of California that was held in
San Francisco. The session was opened *in
Sacramento on the 6th of January, 1862. The
city had been overtaken by a disastrous flood
on the 9th o December, 1861, and the situa
tion was not particularly inviting to the leg
lslatoiswhen lhey assembled there. On the
lOth of January, when Leleud Stanford was
inaugurated as Governor, another flood visited
the city and on the next day the Senate by a
vote of 20 to .13 adopted a concurrent resolu
tion to adjourn the meeting of the Legislature
to san Francisco. The Assembly reiused to con
cur by a vote of 36 to 40. but on the 22d of the
month a resolution to adjourn for the rest of
the se.-sion to San Franci:>co was carried and
two days later the Legislature met in the Ex
change Building, corner of Battery and Wash
ington streets.
Shorthand— N. C, City. There is no uni
formity of system of shorthand used in the^
courts of San Francisco and the great daily
newspapers, but all systems are based on Pit
man's phonetic system. Every system is con*
sidered good, ana the rapidity'of writing does
notaependso much on the system as it does
on the writer. When the writer thoroughly
masters the system learned, his speed is lim
ited only by his ability to make the necessary
marks. *
Liquor to Drunkards— B., So.lsbyville,
Cal. The Penal Code of this State says:
"Every person who sells or furnishes or causes
to be sold or furnished intoxicating liquor to
any habitual or common drunkard of Indian
la guilty ot a misdemeanor." An act passed ia
1889 says:
Any person who." after receiving notice that a
person named in said notice is addicted to the in
ordinate use of Intoxicating liquor, shall there
after, within a period of twelve months, furnish to
said person ho addicted to the inoidinate use of
intoxicating liquor any spirituous liquor, wines or
Intoxicating or mall liquors, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor. Said notice shall be given by any
adult member of the family cf said person so
it'ltli ted to the Inordinate use of intoxicating
liquor.
This law does not apply to a physician who
may furnish liquor to such a person.
Citizenship— W. H. G., City. The corre
spondent asks: "If a man born in a foreign
country comes to the United States before ha
is 21 years of age does he become a citizen of
the United States on attaining the ag. of 21?"
The direct answer to the question is, "No,"
but there are executions.
The children of persons who have been duly nat
uralized, belnjr under the age of 21 years at ihe
time of the na utilization of th<-lr parents, shad
If dwelling in the United States, be considered as
citizens thereof.
Any alien under the age of 21 years who
nas res!ded in the United states three years next
preceding his arriving nt that a c and who has
continued to reside therein to the time be mar
make application to be admitted a citizen thereof,
may, after lie arrives at the age of 21 years, and
after he has resided rive years within the United
States, including the three years of his minority,
De admitted a citizen: but he muse make a declar
ation on oath and prove to the satisfaction of the
court that for two years next preceding It baa
been his bona- tide intention :o become a citizen.
-Tate Flowers— M. N., City. The Legis
lature at the session previous to the present
diii not adopt a State flower for California, al
though a bill to make the eschsclioltzia tha
State flower was introduced: bat the legis
lators were too busy with other matters to
give any time to sentiment. The following
are the State flowers as adopted, in most in
stances, by the votes of the public school
scholars of the respective States: Alabama,
golden rod; Colorado, columbine; Delaware,
peßch blossom; Idaho, syrmgia; lowa, rose;
Maine, pine cone and " tassel; Minnesota,
cypripodium, or moccasin flower; Montana,
bitter root; Nebraska, golden rod; New York,
rose; North Dakota, wild rose; Oklahoma
(Territory), mistletoe; Oregon, golden rod;
Utah, .ego lily, and Vermont, red clover. Tha
flowers oi Utaii and Vermont were adopted by
the Legislature of each State, and not by tho
school children. An attempt was made in
1896 to hold a National convention at Asbe
ville, N. C, to determine on a National flower
to recommend to Congress for adoption; but
as there were but seven States represented it
was decided to adjourn the convention, which
met on the 22d of October, until some future
time, when a larger number of representa
tives may be secured. An Informal caucus of
the delegates, mostly from the South and
East, showed a piei'erence lor the columbine
as the National flower. The secretary ol thia
movement.a resident of Ashcville, is Edwin A.
Taylor.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
• — ♦ »
.Special information dally to manufacturer-;
business houses and public men by the Pros «
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery."
« * — •
Companion- of the Forest.
Excelsior Lo ige of the Companions of the For
est (branch of the Friendly society of the A. O.
_".), will give a mum party , In Foresters' building;
on the evening of the 23d.
The next session of the grand body of the order
will be held in this • ity on the 17th of May. the
people of Vallejo havin. decided not to press their
rulil to have it held in that lown.
The visit of the supreme grand treasurer. Mrs.
Falconer, accompanied by Supreme (irand Chief
Companion Mrs. Sarah Beverson and Supreme
Grand secretary Mrs. F. W. Morrow, to Kerens
Circle In bausalio last week was a very enjoyable
one. ... _--.- *
Loyal Circle will give a party on the 27th inst.
Mazing circle will give a party on the 2*<"d of
March i:i aid of ■ fund to procure staffs With which
to perform the work. _•'. !. ■ ~i
Excursion Rates to Washington.
For the benefit of those desiring to witness the
inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from ail points on Its lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be .old March 1, 2 and 3
valid ior return until March 8. Similar tickets
via B. and O. xi. R. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West- In addition to being the
shortest and most direct line to Washington the
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any in all
America. Passengers also have the option of trav
e Ing via Akron and Pittsburg or via Bellalreand
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. ara vestlbuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining
car service is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application __■
L. S. Allen, assistant general passenger ageut, B.
and O. R. fi., Grand Central station, Chicago,
• — ♦ — ■»
"The Overland limited Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Union Pacific is the only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago daily
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars.
Ocden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. D. W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, San Francisco.
> m m
"Mrs. Win-low' ■ Soothing Syrup"
Mas been used over fifty years by millions o»
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success, lt soothes the child, softens the gums, 1
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing irom tee.hlng or other causes, ior sale by drug
gists in every part of the world. Ba sure and ask
lor Mrs. \Vln»iow'» Soothing Syrup 25c a bottle..
— I — • — m-
Coboxaso.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists con*!
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at the _.ot.i Jet
C oronado, 5.5; longer stay $2 SO per day. Apply
4 Kew Montgomery St., San Franclsca
» ♦ »
These can he no doubt that a timely use of
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral would prevent many
serious throat and lung troubles.
. • ** — •
The St. Michael Sufferers.
The charity musical and dramatic entertain
ment given last night in Union Square Hall in
aid of the sufferers by the recent floods in the
Island of St. Michael, Azores Island, was well
attended. An interesting programme was pre
sented. The participants were Signor Andrea
Panella, Mme. Thea Sanderini, Arthur Klcken
schar, Frank Coffin, C. A. Howland, W. C Stad
feld, W. Neilson, Alfonse Hirsch and" Mile
Nina de St Hubert. The entertainment closed
with "Marriage Is the Object of Their Love "
by the Portuguese Dramatic Club.
MEW TO-DAY.
Anaemia means "want of
blood," a deficiency in the
red corpuscles of the blood.
Its cause is found in want of
sufficient food, dyspepsia,
lack of exercise or breathing,
impure air: With it is a
natural repugnance to all fat
foods. Scott's Emulsion is
an easy food to get fat from
and the easiest way of taking
fat. It makes the blood rich
in just those elements neces-
sary to robust health, by
supplying it with red cor-
puscles, t
For sale at 50 cents and $1.00 by all dniggista,
•COTT & BOWNE, N«w York ; ■ ffM§3» _ . aSttt
,_/i»SD_. F fcl BR V AB V 22, 1 897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater —"Shore Act*-."
,J California '1 hkatkk.— "Cinderella."
Columbia Theater At the French Ball.'
■." Morosco opera - House. — -I'J ,OOO -llies
Away.
• Alcazar Theater. "Saints and Sinners.* 1
•.. Tivoli Opera House — Galatea*' aud "ra
tion
Orpheum.— High-Class Vaudeville.
fcUTiio Baths— Bathing and " erformances.
° Thk Chutes ami skating Kink— Daily at
■ * Baight street, one block east of the Far..
' Pacific Coast Jock.-.. c_.r_..— Knees to-day.
'- . . ALII ION .ALLS.
By Chas. Levy & < o— Tuesday. February 23,
' Furniture, at 1135 Market street, at 10 ociock:
also Wednesday, February 24, Furniiure, at 348
Fourth street at 10 o'clock.
By "n diana Auction Co.-T'.ieslay. February
-?, Groceries, nt 1057 Market St., at 11 o'clock.
1"i 1 hank W. i. i'tti t- 1 __i>— Tuesdav. Feb
i ruary 23, Groceries, «' .0 Third st.. at 11 o'clock.
. By .Madison & BtuKK— \\ »> I ne«d ay. February
24, Heal Estate, .at salesroom, 6*"6 Market atreet.
at 12 o'clock.
JRy Yon Khun .*.- Co.— Ttiursdar, February 25,
Besi F-ptate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
. at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A. fair Monday with fresh winds Is promised
.or to-day.
Julius Oettl of Oakland addressed the Theo
sopbical Society last night.
Inglesido track will reopen to-day with a
card of-fcix well filled running events.
The, grounds of the Olympic Gun Club were
opened under auspicious circumstances.
The Mayer's sympathetic committee on Cuba
Will" meet at CaUiornla Hull on Friday night.
There was a large gathering of military rifle
men at the Shell Mound shooting-range yester
day.
J 'c handball courts— .were crowded yester
_%..<. and several closei}* contested games were
Y^'yed.
The French Catholic Church yesterday com
mbneed with appropriate services— the least of
the fpity hours' devotion.
The park and ocean beach were crowded
yesterday; and the balloon ascension from the
"Chutes was unusually good.
To Miss Mollie Bloom of San Jose will fall
the honor of being the only graduate In mathe
matics from Stanford this year.
OreenMajors was the orator of the day be
fore the meeting of the Labor Exchange at
Pythian Hail yesterday afternoon.
■ The concert last night to raise funds for the
Socle le Francaise de Bienfaisance -fuluelle
.Was a financial and an artistic success.
■- James McNulty, a laborer in a tannery, who
is wanted here on a charge 01 assault to mur
der, .was arrested in Red wood City yesterday.
The socialists of this City are preparing t<i do
a little reorganizing in the party so as t.i curb
{the injurious efforts of misguided enthusiasts.
* Rev. Dr. Boynton, in the prelude to his ser
mon last night, severely .cored the act of the
>'evada<Lesislature lhat made prize-fighting
legal..
The sum of ?4 c was subscribed to the
Cretan relief fund at last night's meeting of
•the Greeks in the Druids* Hall on Sutter
street.
,'.T_q members of the Mechanics' Institute
* .will elect seven trustees to-morrow. Votes
will be east in accordance with the propor
: tittaal .tern. j
"Rev.* C. A. Splinter, O. P.. lectured at St.
Dominic's last night on "Marriage and
Divorce.'' He said the divorce system is as
bad as Mormonlsm.
V The Century Club is preparing for an even
'tiigof'art at the clubrooras Wednesday. Fri
day afternoon a reception will be tendered the
■ coiirributiug artist..
■ 'A 'varied programme of amusement has been
provided for 10-day, Including parades, liter
ary arid patriotic exercise-, sporting and ath
letic events and balls.
. A committee of the St. Patrick's day conven
: ts a was appointed yesterday to draw up reso
lutions denouncing the Nevada prize-fight as
■ ii desecration of the day.
C. B. Manges, assistant steward on one of the
Stockton boats, is in the City Prison on a
charge of abducting Maud Spring, a girl 17
Tears of age, from Stockton.
. Two thousand people gathered at the Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday to witness the
opening course-, of trie Ing.esida meeting. The
running will be resumed to-day.
No motive for the rash act of Emma Krinz,
the.l7 year-old girl who committed suicide
Saturday, has yet been developed. Her rela
tives believe she was temporarily deranged.
Daniel Hogan and R. J. Mullins, young
hoodlums, arrested early yesterday morn
ing for- trying to pass a forced order for $5
v.on Daly «5_ Davitt, bakers, lib* Ninth street.
The army of the unemployed, according to
the decision Of a meeting held last evening,
will march through the principal streets tnis
morning be'ore breakfast. Nothing new de
veloped at the barracks yesterday.
Thomas B. Snannon, for two terms Collector
of the Port at tnis City and speaker of the Cali
fornia Assembly and a member of Congress
during Lincoln's administration, died at his
residence on Larkin street yesterday.
ABE TO PARADE TO-DAT.
Unemployed Decide to March Through
the Principal Streets.
The armory on Howard street was
thronged all day yesterday by the mem
bers of the army of the unemployed, and
it was visited by a great number of the
. merely curious. The policemen at the
door were called upon to protect the un
employed against these, and in exercising
their discretion sometimes stopped those
who claimed to be regularly entered as
members of the army. While it was alto
gether an idle day it was on this account
also a lively one.
A meeting was held last evening, at
which it was determined that the men
.should assemble in the morning and be
fore taking breakfast march through the
principal streets in order, that their great
; number and their needs might be brought
• home to the business men.
fit was also decided to close the lists
aeainst all future applications for mem
bership to the organization. This was
* proposed after a motion which exceped
(regularly registered voters or citizens. It
""as amended by the more sweeping mo
'ion, which carried.
l Toe committee Investigating outside
claimants for assistance reported that they
had found seven families in destitute cir
cumstances and bad rendered them aid.
Several donations of crockery, cooking
utensils and bedding were made volun
tarily by women yesterday. The chief
need expressed at the meeting was for
bread. »-/.*./.
- NEW TO-DAT.
SLEEP
FOR
SKIN-TORTURED
And rest for tired mothers m a warm bath
with Soap, and a single application
of Coticcba (ointment), the great skin cure.
Cuticcba Remedies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
B_la throughout tne arid. Pons* Dauo _-"><"___.
Corp.. Sole Props.. BottOD.
■ET* •' Ho* to Curt Skin-Tortured B-Diei, ' fra*.
•SKIN SCALP "■S^ii-ffaS&r
I iff Collins' Volialo Elsclrio Plasters
■ ■■■■ relieve weak backs, kidney and
Mil 010 Serine pains, sore lungs, ach-
IfIHU I ing muscles, and rheumatism.
NORDLYSET'S
SHALLOW BERTH
She Is Caught in the
Mud in Oakland
Creek.
Tugs Cannot Get Within Five
Cables' Distance of
Her. v
Carpenter 0 sea of the Empire Hii
His Leg B-okcn Whi'e Cross
ing the Bir.
;j=.'ip.;< p., _■»
The Norwegian bark Nordlyset is in a
peculiar predicament. She went to Oak
land Creek to discharge the remainder of
her coal cargo, and then Captain Olsen
dropped upstream with .ho tide in order
to save wharfage and await the arrival of
a tug. Yesterday the Reliance was sent
out to tow him into the bay, but Captain
"Gil" Brocka**/ found that he could not
get within five cables' length of the ves
sel. He backed the tug up into the mud
and came near to getting his own vessel
hard and fast In his endeavors to reach
the bark. Finally he gave up the attempt
and returned to the City.
When Nordlyset began to drift with
the tide she was living light. When the
anchor was dropped she was in seven feet
of water, and not one of the big company's
tugs can reac.i her even at high water.
About the only tug that can handle her is
the Ida W., and the chances are that Cap
tain Dan James will have the job of haul
ing her out to-day. From here the bark
will be towea to Port Costa, where she
will load wheat for youth Africa.
The American ship W. F. Babcock
cleared for Honolulu in ballast yesterday.
At the latter port she will loau sugar for
New York. Captain and Mrs. Graham
had a host of friends down to sen them off
and wish them bon voyage. The big tug
Fearless took the ship out, and they made
a pretty sight passing out through the
Golden Gate.
Two daring burglars were arrested on
the water front yesterday morning.
James Hanley and Thomas Johnson
| (alias Gus Anderson) broke into the caoin
j of the tug Columbia, and attempted to
i rifle the lockers whi.e the captain was
asleep. They even had the audacity to
light a lamp and go about their work in a
methodical manner. They were surprised
to find the captain aboard, and when he
awoke they ran. The captain gave chase,
and a hue and _ry followed.
Offii ers Geor c Lake and C. M. James
and Special Officer James Green inter
cepted the iugitives, and placed them un
der arrest. At the Harbor Police Station
they were charged with burglary. John
son or Anderson has just been released
from the State's prison, while Haniey bad
a considerable quantity of opium on his
person, and a letter written by a friend of
his who is now in San Quentin. Both men
are old offenders, aud many of the rob
beries on the front are laid to their ac
count by the police.
The steamer Empire put back yesterday
and landed the carpenter. The vessel was
caught in the rollers on the bar and O.sen
was thrown into tne scuppers and broke
his leg. The fracture was a very bad one,
the bone being forced through" ide skin.
The steamer docked at the seawall and the
ambulance was sent for. The doctors at
Receiving Hospital seemed to think that
Olsen may lose his leg. The Empire went
to sea again after landing the carpenter.
The new steamer Humboldt will go on the
Merchants' drydock to-morrow to get her
propeller on. After that sbe will be newly
cleaned and painted and will probably
make her trial trip the first week in March.
She is one of the prettiest mo lels afloat,
and if she does not make a record on her
first attempt ber managers and owners
will be very disappointed.
FUNDS RAISED FOR CRETE
The Greeks Nobly Respond to
the E cqu.nt Appeals of
Orators
F.ur Hun.red anl Eighty.Five Dol
lars Sub.cribed at Last Night's
Meeting.
For two hours last night Greek orators
hurled philippics at the Ottoman tyrant
in sonorous periods reminiscent of Demos
thenes, while an enthusiastic audience
punctuated their delivery with many
"zetos" for Greece, for Crete and the
United Slates of America. Nor did the
feeiing of the meeting confine itself to de
nunciation of the insensate recluse cf the
lildiz Kiosk or mere expressions of
sympathy for the Cretan sufferers. The
now of Attic and other eloquence had
scarcely ceased wh n D. Vsalaritos, a
horny-handed sen of toil, came to the
front and donated *2 to the relief fund.
His example was immediately fol
lowed, and in less than twenty minutes
sixty or seventy Greeks subscribed the
sum of $485, which will probably run into
four figuies after the national ball of the
27th inst.
The meeting was held' in the Druids'
Hall on Sutter street, and A. J. Kosta
presided. The stars and stripes and the
Grecian standard were suspended midway
from the walls on eith-r side of the hall,
and their folds almost met in the center.
The principal speakers were Professor
Albin Putzker of Berkeley, N. Damia-
V, a m ' °* Demetrak, the president of the
Hellenic Society, P. Vrettos. M. D Van
vales and A. J. Kosta.
Professor Puizlcer, who addressed the
meeting in Greek, advised his hearers to
study their own history, realize it. signifi
cance and understand the manner in
which Turkey has abased its rule in Crete
The publication of these facts will arouse
universal sympathy among Americans for
Crete and Greece in their hour of peril
Crete, he said, deserved more sympathy
than Cuba, inasmuch as while Cuba was a
Catholic country ruled by a Catholic power
Crete was a Christian country ruled by a
Mohammedan power. .Even if the Greeks
had no money they could arouse this
practical sympathy by legitimate and
honest means, by which the European
powers might be made to recognize the
extent of the feeling in America. Event
ually, he concluded, such influences might
tend to the union of Greece and Crete.
C. Demetrak spoke of the local effort be
ing made to raise funds to succor the Cre
tan sufferers, and stated that the money
would soon be forwarded for distribution.
The Greeks in San Francisco, he said, had
come here to stay, but now that their
country needed assistance they were
bound to return and fight in her cause.
The world at large owed a debt of grati
tude to Greece for much of the knowledge
of the present day, which found its source
in the philosophy of Plato, Aristotle and
Socrates. So now, he contended, tbeir
country had a right to look to the civil
ized world for assistance against the Turk
in part payment of that debt. Lord By
ron, he reminded his hearer?, formerly
fought for Greece in 1821 and his example
should be emulated by ail lovers of free
dom. -• c- .*A\?.
Van vale, explained the object of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22. 3597.
Hellenic Society; Kosta urged that the
(strong arm of the soldier devoted to the
cause was of more value than money;
Vrettos described the conditions prevail
ing in Crete, and Damianakis outlined the
present situation of Europe and the atti
tude toward Greece.
An eleeant supper, provided by Mr.
Kosta, was subsequently partaken of,
when the flowing bowl passed around and
the assembled guests drank to the healtn
and prosperity in the mother country and
the confusion of tier enemies.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Velodrome Race Meet Xo-Da**— Becker's
Phenomenal 1 ive-^lle Perform
ance Yesterday
The only cycling event scheduled for to
day is the meet at the Velodrome this after
noon. There is a fair programme, the
riders are in good shape, and fast time
should be the rule.
W. £. decker of Minneapolis, who has
been riding here for some time now, seem,
to have a penchant for live-mile perform
ances. Not content with holding the
National and coast championships at that
distance, he is constantly trying to lower
his own records. Yesterday afternoon at
the Velodrome he rode it in 10:17, his best
time so far. He was paced by several
tandem teams and a triplet, and seemed
at the finish almost as strong as when he
started. Becker will ride at the meet to
day and is a likely winner.
The quadruplet was out in the park yes
terday manned by Kroetr, Dixon, Vincent
and Saunders, and attracted a good deal
of attention. The day was beautiful and
hundreds of wheelmen were on the drives
and cycle paths. In spite of the recent
heavy rains the roads are in excellent con
dition.
E. E. Stoddard left last night for an ex
tended trip through the Northwest and
will be away about two months. Wilbur
Knapp is expected home from his Eastefh
trip this week.
it. W. Burris, president "of the Santa
Rosa Wheelmen, is in the City, the guest
of the Bay City Wheelmen. He nr* they
expect to hold the biggest meet in the
history of Santa Rosa next Saturday.
The entry list includes all the cracks now
training at San Jose, besides those at the
Velodrome.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Several Interesting Games Played, Al
though the irackerjacks Were
Absent.
The San Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday, and, although the
crackerjacks were absent, there were sev
eral interesting games played.
M. M. McNeil and George McDonald
played against Phil Ryan and Dan Rod
gers. They are all "heavy-weights and
experienced players. Ryan and Rodgers
thought they could play all round the
other team, as they had defeated McDon-
aid and R. Shea, but the result was a
■•devious disappointment to them, McNeil
and McDonald winning by three games to
one.
A rattling game was played between J.
Collins and Ed Toy and D Connollv and
George Hutchinson. Collins and" Toy,
wtio represented the new blood, won
easily in three straight games.
A lew games with the soft ball were
played in the Union court, but no scores
were kept.
Following were the games played in the
San Francisco court:
P. Ryan and D. Rodgers defeated R. Shea and
G. McDonald, 21-12. 16—21, 21—9, 21—14
J. O'Neil and M. McCarthy defeated* V. Sulli
van and C. Cullen, 21—18, 10—21, 21—12. M
McNeil and G. McDonald deieated T. Rodtrers
and P. Ryan, 21-13, 12-21. 21—17,21—15
J. Collopy and J. Haves defeated D. O'Connor
and T. Fitzgerald, 21—11, 18—21, 21—10 Ed
Toy and E. Curley defeated M. Edwards and J.
Collins. 21-11, 16-21. 21-17. Al P.nnoyer
and P. Hutchinson defeated E. Maloney and J
Hansman 21-11, 16-21. 21-18. J. Collins
and Ed Toy defeated D. Connolly and G
Hutchinson; 21-2, 21-18, 21-17. J. Condon
and R. bhfeiiiß defeated P. Kellv and R. Shea
21-12, 13—21. 21—10, 21—16, 17—21. •
USED A PITCHFORK.
Jamei- McNalty, Wanted for Assault i
to Murder, I, Arrested In
wood City.
James McNulty, who is wanted here on
a charge of assault to murder, waa ar
rested in Redwood City by Sheriff Mc-
Avoy yesterday. The Sheriff notified
Chief Crowley, and Policeman T. L. Ryan
left for Redwood City last evening to
bring McNulty back.
McNulty was discharged from a tannery
at 2723 Bryant street, and on Friday he
attacked the manager, Charles G. Ben
nett, with a knife. Bennett succeeded in
wrenching the knife from him, and then
McNulty grabbed a t itchforfe and made a
lunge at Bennett. The tines struck him
on±he back of tue head, tearing pieces out
of his scalp.
Bennett was able to go to the City Hall
Saturd-ty morning and swear out a war
want for McN mty's arrest.
THE THEATERS TO-NIGHT.
The Different .'locus That Are to Be
Performed at the Various
Playhouses.
The attraction at the Baldwin Theater this
evening will be the comedy-drama, "Shore
Acres," presented by James A. Heme, the
author and actor, supported by a first-class
company. It ia a play founded on incidents
observed by the author on the coast of Maine.
Fanny Rice and her company of singers
will open at the Columbia Theater this even
ing with "The French Ball," a production
that is a mixture of mirth, song, pathos and
sidesplitting comedy. The Phoito Pinaud
troupe of acrobats will appear during the
evening. ■ ■-J-\'- 1 r : . J
"Saints and Sinners" is what there is on the
programme of the Alcazar Theater for this
evening. It is a well-known comedy-drama
in which George Osbourne will take the prin
cipal character — Jacob Fletcher — and Miss
Frances Joliffe will make her first appearance
in this house. ~...,;
At Morosco's Grand Opera-house there is to
be presented a production irom the pen
of Oliver Byron entitled " Ten Thousand
Miles Away." It is said to be one of the most
exciting plays that this autnor has written,
It will be presented with attractive stage
settings. i
At the Tivoli there will be presented a grand
double bill, which will include "The Lovely
Galatea" and "Patience." The first-named is
very much after the style of "Pygmalion and
Galatea." As to "Patience," it is replete
with popular airs.
To-night "Our Little Cinderella" company
will continue on with the performance" lt
gave last week and will continue but two
nights more, with a matinee performance this
afternoon and an extra matin., on Wednes
day.
*~
At the Orpbeum Music-hall the grand opera
quartet will render some new selections, there
will be a one-ac farce-comedietta by Barney
Fagan and Henrietta Byron, and many spe
cialty artists will present the characteristics
for which they are noted. . ,"';■■•
There is an announcement of many attrac
tions at the Chutes for this evening. Marke
berg is announced to make a balloon ascen
sion by searchlight, there will be a display
of fireworks and a number of other outdoor
attractions will be offered, weather permit
ting.
• » at
Football To-Day.
This afternoon there will be a game ol foot
ball at Sixteenth and Folsom streets between
the I, --well High School Club and the Southend
Athletic Club, the game to to called at 3
o'clock. The following is the line-up:
Johnson.. C fehowell
Bobinson R. U Howe
McGeelian *— O Ooland
Symmes K. O Tui mm
O* Bryan _. T Riley
**ulen B. E Stacke
Crowley I* E Malen
"a lzer .B. H Hennessey
Gray (Capt) I- H Mil ey
Varney F Fannluit
Wteh1.. .............. ....Q.. ........ (Capt.) Ferraris
REV. MELBOURNE PARKER BOYNTON.
SAYS NEVADA'S
STAR IS DARKENED
Rev. Dr. Boynton's Opinion
of the Fight at
Carson.
Some Scathing Words at the
Action of the Sagebrush
Legislature.
Sensational Prelude to a Sermon at
the First Baptist
Church.
Rev. Dr. M. P. Boynton of the First
Baptist Church, in a prelude to his ser
mon last nieht, spoke of the legalizing of
pugilism in Neva as follows:
The blue of our flag is thickly studded by
gleaming stars that bespeak a sisterhood of
States that in company nave been striving for
better life and truer light, and this march to
& higher morality has been wa.ched with
earnest solicitude on the part of all good
citizens. •
One blot after another has been washed
away, until we had hoped that the cleaning
would goon until by bonds of purity we stood
united as a Nation. There has been cordial
sympathy Detween the States. The battle has
been a common one. Each was interested lor
all, and all for each. Rut suddenly we are
called to attend the itinera, of one ol the fam
ily; a sister has fallen, has committed moral
suicide. The poor girl was very poor, having
lost much of ncr wealth; her people had
moved away, her commercial life was at low
ebb, and, being desperate, she sold herself to
the abomination that li d been rejected by all
other States in the Qui .
Itis cause for than., that the sagebrush,
arid plains and barren mountains abound an
people are so scarce. The evil will not do the
damage that would be done were tbe State
more thickly populated.
So closely related are we as a Nation that
the disgrace of one Is the shame 01 all. The j
tilth cast by Nevada s Legislature upon the
skirts of Colombia scents with its polluting
odor the Whole raiment of the Goddess of Lib-
erty. /
lt is to be regretted that we have not Federal
laws that would cover such cases and arrest
thedownlall ot a sovereign State. The obli
gation owed the whole Nation by Nevada has
been trampled In the dust for a few unclean
dollars. The sack of gold she thus obtains will
prove a millstone about her neck to drag her
down out of sight. What father would settle
in such a State? What mother would feel safe
to allow her daughter to reside there?
But lei us not despair. Nevada will arise
and purge hera.-lf of this awful stain. Though
tbis may rest as a shadow upou her for years
yet to come, still with schools, churches, de
vot< d motherhood and a loyal citizenship she
will lift her head among her noble sisters and
take her place in the ranks of those whose voice
is for greater freedom and less slavery to tho
beast that liveth by tho blood ot men.
It is to the credit of America that it has
spoken out so boldly against the thing. The
voice of the Governor, of the nulpit and of
every Christian fireside rings out agaiust the
diabolical action of a desperate State.
God bless tbe Christians and true Americans
of Nevada's plains who lifted their voices in
solemn protest, and wipe the name of the
Governor and every faithless legislator out of
tbe rolls — men who, by voice, pen or vote
helped on tbe iniquitous scheme.
Ido no. speak thus against this abomina
tion, expecting my words of protest to arrest
the downward course of our neighbor State,
but to speak the indignation that fills, I am
sure, every loyal American mar-
The sermon that followed was on "The
Mill of the Philistines." The text was
irom Judges xvi:2l: "And he did grind
in the prison-house." The speaker told
the story oi Sam on and drew some help
ful lessons from his life. He said:
We should understand the enticements of sin.
If we keep company with her she will surely
get our secret and work our ruin. You notice
how every time Samson spoke he neared the
thine that marked him for God. First, at his
word, in the house of Delilah, they bound his
limbs, then his arms, after that fastened the
web to his hair, and then, having wormed
irom him tbe secret, shaved his head and put
out his eyes and made him grind In the prison
house. And so it will bo with every one who
tempts temptation.
He was overconfident ; he went boldly in the
wayot the enemy. He is a brave man who,
when it is necessary, will face the foe,
but he is a fool who, from mere bravado, will
put himself within range of the guns of the
enemy. A wise man sees the danger and
pus-cs on into the safe way.
A violation of a conviction of right brings
sorrow and defeat, That was a sad sight in
the mill of the Philistines to see the once
strong man doing the work of a woman.
Grinding corn, not in a mill th running of
Which required the strength of an ox, but
win. a handful of corn and a little mill that a
child could manage, the great Samson, to the
delight and glee of the enemy, grouud corn.
But there is a «adder sight than this, to see a
soul shorn ol its strength and grinding in the
prison-bouse of tho devil. A sadder thins is
the suicide of the immortal.
Count de I'edraza Here.
Count Jose de Pedraza of Madrid. Spain,
broih-r-ln-1-w of C. L. Can field, general arc in
of the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
road, a rri v-d^here last night with Mrs. Can
field direct from the City of Mexico. He will
visit with his sister at the Baldwin Hotel dar
ing the next four weeks. From here he will
go En.it and borne by way of New York. Re
cently he spent some time in Havana, Cuba,
having stopped there before touring Mexico.
He is a Spanish nobleman. He i. naturally
intensely loyal to Spain a. regards Cuban mat
iters. Tbe Count is a tall, thin man, with black
hair and beard well turned to gray. He does
not speak a word of English. The climate of
San 'Francisco, he says, strl.es him os being
rather chilly after that of Mexico and Havana.
•TO CURE A COLO IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU drug
gists reiuud the money 11 it lails to cure. 25c
TRIED TO PASS
A FORGED ORDER
Daniel Hogan Surprised by
John B. Davitt, a
Baker.
Pursuit and Flight of Hogaa,
Followed by a Lively
Fight
He and R. J Mullins, a Confederate,
Arrested— Both Are Susp.cted of
Committing a Burglary.
Numerous complaints have been re
ceived by the police from storekeepers
about forged orders being presented to
them for goods or money. A few arrests
have been made recently, and two more
were added to the list early yesterday
morning.
Shortly before 1 o'clock a young man
named Daniel Hogan entered the bakery
of Daly & Davitt, 116 Ninth street, and
presented an order apparently signeo by
the iirm to give the bearer $5. The firm
has several bakeries throughout the City,
and Hogan did not expect that either of
the partners would be at the store.
As it happened John 3. Davitt was
there counting the cash, but he was
shielded from Hogan's view. Hogan pre
sented the order to the girl behind the
counter, and she quietly handed it to
Davitt. As soon as Hogan saw Davitt he
ran out of the shop, and Davitt ran after
him. A confederate of Hogan put his foot
in front of Davitt, who fell, spraining his
left wrist. He jumped to his feet and
continued the chase down Ninth street
till he overtook Hogan and grappled with
him.
While they were struggling R. J. Mul
lins, a bard-looking youth, sprang upon
Davitt and it looked bad for the plucky
baker. Fortunately lor him Policemen
Greenan and Allen came to his assistance
and Hogan and Mullins were promptly
arrested and taken to the City Prison,
where they were locked up in the "tauKs."
Davitt accompanied the officers and their
prisoners to the prison and then went to
the Receiving Hospital to have his in
jur d wrist dressed.
W hen searched a lady's gold chain and
a ring were found in Mullins' pockets,
and although he declared that he got
them from his dying mother, the police
believe that ho did not come by them
honestly. "J.JJj-
Saturday afternoon the living rooms in
rear of the stationery and cigar store of
Fred Statler, 167 Ninth street, were en
tered ny burglars and Mrs. Statier's gold
watch and chair., another gold chain, a
pair of valuaole bracelets and other arti
cles of jewelry were stolen.
Btatler had gone down town on business
leaving his wife to look after the store.
He was away about an hour and when he
returned his wife wont into her bedroom.
The bureau drawers were open and there
was other evidence that some one had
been in the room. She asked her husband
what he had been doing in the room and
he at once saw what was the matter.
Mrs. Stutter's jewelry box had bpen
broken open and its contents stolen. The
bureau drawers had been thoroughly ran
sacked for money or jewelry. The total
value of the articles stolen is placed at
$300. Entrance had been effected by pry
in open tbe bedroom window.
The burglars had gone about with their
business very quietly, for although Mrs.
Statler was in the store all the time she
did not hear any unusual noise. . A boy
who lives in the neighborhood saw one of
the burglars, and from the description
given by the boy the police believe that
Mullins is tbe culprit.
Mrs. Staller will be asked to call at the
property clerk's offlce to-day to see if she
can identify the chain and ring found in
Mullins' posesston when arrested.
Friends of the Forest.
Lincoln Parlor at its last held, meeting Initiated
live candidates. It appointed a committee of five
to act with a like committee from Pioneer Par.or
with a view to revise the ritual and prepare odea
to be used in the wor*.
his parlor also appointed a committee to make
arrangements for a party to be given during the
montb of March. -.. .■■•.".
V-.V: '■'..'■ XfEW TO-DAT.
MM '_. KAISER,
Successors to HinsCH * KAHS,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Groofls 3 Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building.
EQUALED FACILITIES FOR THE
PROPER FITTING OF CLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast. ~'V^v?f. V
CUBA'S FRIENDS
MEET ON FRIDAY
Mayor Fhalan's Committee
Assemble at California
Hall.
Jones and Mascberini Call for
Final Organization of the
Body.
Arrangements Will B* M .da for a
Mass-Meeting at an Early
Date.
It is the intention of the Cuban League
of San Francisco, of which John H. Jones
is president and Faust Mascberini secre
tary, to call a mass-meeting of citizens at
an early date.
It was decided at a conference late Satur
day night to have a meeting of the
Mayor's committee of fifty-eight, repre
sentative citizens on Friday night, the
26; at California Hall, Bush and Powell
streets. The following i_ a copy of the
letter of notification which will be mailed
to the committee to-day:
Headquarters Cuban League,)
_OOb* Mason Street. >
San Francisco. Feb. 22. J
To Hon. Adolph Sutro, San Francisco Dear
Sir: We take pleasure in notifying you that
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor of this City, has
now completed the list of tifty-eiebt honorary
members of the committee designated by him
to co-operate with the Cuban League of the
United States, of which our order is a branch.
We especially desire that you, as a member
of that committee, be present at its first meet
ing, for the purpose of perfecting the organiza
tion. This meeting is to be at California Hall,
Bush and Powell streets, at 8 o'clock, on Friday
night, February 20.
The purpose of this meeting is to select a
chairman and secretary, appoint a committee
on arrangements and advertising and take
steps for a mass-meeting, at which speeches
will be made on liberty and questions akin to
the struggles of the Cubans for freedom.
We are particularly anxious that this meet
ing be largely attended, for tne success of the
mass-meeting depends upon the energy and
foresight of the committee. We want to" send
Hon. Lilian Allen and his associates in New
York a report of progress here. Very respect
fully, John H. Jokes, President.
Fa.st Maschebim, Secretary.
.Letter, continue to come to the league
from all parts of the coast, and there is
every evidence that the percentage of
the Western population in favor of Cuba's
freedom will compare favorably with that
of any other part of the country. »
THE ARBITRATION TREATY.
Evening Sermon Delivered hy the Rev.
William Rader at the Third
Congregational Church.
Key. William Rader, preaching last
night at the Third Congregational Church,
aid, in part:
The arbitration treaty now pending in Con
gress is an advance beyond the old appeal to
iurcelorthe settlement of international diffi
culty. Arbitration is the political realization
ot the Sermon on the Mount between nations,
Force is to surrender io reason. This is Chris
tianity. Ca^ar appealed to arms, Jesus to love.
Alexander and Napoleon appealed to the
court ol physical power, but Jesus sounded the
note of universal peace. A fundamental prin
ciple of Christianity is pence. War may have
been a necessity, but from the highest Chris
tian standpoint is irrational, and tne nation
has been the last to recognize its barbarity.
Two men fi_iit and we arrest them; but na
tions fignt and we tolerate the blooay specta
cle. Wuat is wrong ior individuals is wrong
for nations.
A year ago a war cloud rose over the Vene
zuelan difficulty, but Christian statesmanship
in England and America, backed by powerful
public sentiment, prevailed against the senti
ment of war, and the arbitration treaty now
belore both nations is the direct result of that
war scare. Let us not be anxious about the
attitude of our American Congress. Tne
spirit of the treaty is bound to be ratified by
that body because it reprepsents the ripest
Christian sentiment of the English-speaking
world. It is no longer popular, as in the days
of Edmund Burke, to praise war. We hang a
man for killing another, and we are begin
ning to see the wisdom of suppressing murder
among nations.
The kingdom of God is a kingdom of peace,
and the arbitration treaty, to obtain for the
-JEW TO-DATJ
If you've got the wrong
flavor of Schilling Best,
there's no harm done.
Go back to your grocer
and get your money and
get the flavor you're used to.
If you don't like that, get
your money back and try
mother.
sc» lr_«p Jt Company
inrtecn 648
NEW 10-D..T- AMUSEMENTS.
~4M£%Cm?v
. u'F..rrell str«e;, i.i-ar o.ock.ou.
San Francisco. Family Concert Hall.
5?.5-.o TO-NIGHT. FEB. 22!
By HERR FERDINAND STARK,
The famous Hungarian Violin Virtuoso, and his
'Brilliant Organization,
THE 'VIKNNA HESTRA.
y__TOrand Concert Kvery Evening at 8 o'clock.
THE CHUTES.
THIS AFIERJOOI A\D ETEIHG.
JOHNSON AND LU.N'DIN, the Strongest
Men on Earth; BUSCH, the "Golden
Vampire" BRESINO, Wire- Walker,
and a host of attractions on the open-
air stage.
m>. BALLOON
W§ ASCENSION
raJjjT THIS AFTERNOON.
* FIREWORKS TO-NIGHT!
ADMISSION lOc- CHILDREN 5c
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(NGLESIDE TRACK).
The only i'en.ci. Winter Raeeirac_ iv Americi.
mm £!§!»_- racisg
Racing From Monday, Feb. 4 2, to Satur-
day, March 6, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily. Rain or Shine.
FIRST ACE AT 3P. M.
. Take Southern Pacific train-, at I'hiri l an!
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. it
Fare for Round Trip, including Ail-
mission to Grounds. *"*1. 01).
Ta_. Mlsslon-st. electric line direct to tracs. '
The Moet _- Chandon White Seal Stakes Mon-
day, February __.
the -chrelber Stakes Saturday, February 27.
" The Crocker Stakes Saturday. March 6.
_ i' A. B. tsPKECKEI_4 fre-ideu-
W.&_-__k_, Secretary.
NEW TO-DAY.
j! The Woman, |j
1 The Man, |!
I An^The Pill, J
<jj * She wjis a good -woman. He )J»
]») loved her. She wafe his wife. \'[
§ The pie was good; his wife /►
.<>) made it; he ate it. But the j. .
',> pie disagreed with him, and <j[
if he disagreed with his wife. 5*
]») Now he takes a pill after pie dj
if and is happy. . So is his wife. §\
]»• The pill he takes is Ayer's. <<[
1 1 Moral: Avoid dyspepsia J?»
J 1 ) by using <j (
ij Ayer's jl
I Cathartic Pills J
next five years. Is putting into practice tha
sermons, prayers and devotions ti.e English-
speaking world for hundreds of years. War
may have served a necessary purpose ln freeing
the individual, but arbitration goes one step
farther than freedom. It unites the Anelc-
Saxon world in bonds of international peace
and fidelity.
George Washington was "first in war," but &
definition of his character would be incom-
plete wi thout the next clause, familiar to every
schoolboy— "first in peace, and first in the
hearts of his countrymen."
mm a'
Nearly three minutes are required to
bring a big steamer like the Etruria to a
full stop, and in that time she will have
advanced almost half a mile from tbe
place she was when the first movements
were made to stop her.
KEW AMUSEMENTS.
tracos_watß.6ornoD« »• i___uAnß*u«-u»...
BRIGHT GREAT
MUSIC SPECIALTIES
PRETTY Magnificent
GIRLS I COSTUMES
AND
AMERICA'S GREATEST COMEDIENNE.
DAINTY
FANNY RICE
In the New Version of Her Latest and Greatest
Lang-lnsr Success, .
'AT THE
FRENCH BALL"
T O-NIQHT.
NO MATINEE TO-DAY.
BALDWIN THEATER,
_I.__.Y___ _ca (Incorporated) Propri<_>u>.*i
THREE WEEKS
Commencing To-night, Mon., Feb. 23,
Matinee Saturday Only.
JAMES A. HERNE
As NATHANIEL BERRY in
"SHORE ACRES"
Direction of HENRY C. MIXER.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Ax Havman- &la (Incorporated) Proprietor.
MATINEE TO-DAY !
Extra! Ati nee Wednesday— Extra!
TO-NlGHT— Tuesday and Wednesday Nights,
East Performances of -"''>• '
"OUR LITTLE CINDERELLA"
COMPANY.
Pemember! Last Performance Wednesd-iy Night.
Thursday. Feb. 25— SOl'SA'S CONCERT BAND.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
_ut_._.E.p._-._ixj- K_.xx.ix-i. Proprietor <£ Manager
To-:&_r_cG-:--__ , X i
C3-R,A_Sr_D 3DOXJ_3l_i__] 33I.___j.I_j l
Yon Suppe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
THE LOVBLiY:,;-,:
C3--__.l_j__.T_D-A."
AND
Gilbert & Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera.
"PATIENCE."
GRAND CASTS! J
Beautiful Scenery and Correct Costumes
IN PREPARATION
"THE HERRI WIVES OF WISD-OR!"
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO... Leasee and Alan-...-
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2,
Washington s Birthday Matinee of
10,000 MILES AWAY.
Presented With a Splendor Never Before
Attempted Ina Sao .'rancisco Thea.er.
Moonlight View of San Francisco!
Deck of th- Steamer, Honolulu!
Other Beautiful New Scenery !
Many Specialties by "Numerous Clever Artists.
ET-nlnf Prices— 1 ./c. •".'So and """I-..
MATINEE TO-DAY (MONDAY) ■
Parquet, any seat, '-Eic; Balcony, auy sea:, ijj,
Children. 10c, any part.
BARNEY FA<'AN and HEN XI ETTA BYRON,
Farce Comedians; THE FINNEYS. Champion
Swimmers; HAVES. LYTION * HAVES, in
"Camille Up to Date." THK PANTZERS; THE
'hE FOS; GKAN .' OPERA A pBTISTS, iiritu;
-bbakoff, Miss Cotte and Miss Bosch, and
Numerous Novelties
Concerts oy the Royal Hun-aria- Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpbeum Annex.
J|| A ._ "SJ ■ _"_ 1 Honor the Father ot His
Hi l*____r UK I Country! Holiday Mail.
rijh-JMfTl&gfflll I nee at 2; evening at 3.
Tbe famous Madison ;-q. Theater, N. V., Success.
SAINTS AND SINNERS.
GEORGE OSBOURNE, FRANCES JOLLIFFE,
HUGO Ti -LAND, AND ENTIRE COMPANY.
lhe play produced under the direction of MR.
GEORGE OSBOURNE^
Our Regular Prices! Telephone for seats, lilacs 991
VELODROME.
COR. BAKER AND FELL STREETS.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY,
MONDAY, FEB. 22, at 2 P. M.
BICYCLE RAGES!
'-\ SHIELD RACE— p >
C. E. DOW vs. D. R. WHITMAN.
ONE MILE 0PEN. ........ Professional.
HALF-MILE HANDICAP. Amateur
SPECIAL FIVB-MILE MATCH—
W. K. BECKER (5-milo National Cham-
pion) vs. HORACE SLATER (Cham-
pion of Arizona).
Admission 35c and SOe.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PROGRAMME.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, ioo; Children, fro* .
78
ABE UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
The Masons.
The building committee of King Solomon
Lodge, which will have the giving out of the
plans for the construction of the new hall to
be erected tor the lodge, has organized by the
selection of A. Gunzeudorter chairman, George
B. Fletcher vice-chairman, Henry Baebr secre
tary and AViliiani Filmer treasurer. The com
mittee ha. had several meetings recently and
in a general way discussed the character of
buiiaing to be erected, but as yet has not
reached a conclusion. It expects to be ab.e to
come to a determination in a snort time, when
a great deal of care will be given to the draw
ing up of the plans and specifications. The
lodge intends to have a tine home and will not
rush things simply for the purpose of paying
that it has a building of its own.
Thomas G. Lambert, master of Monterey
Lodge No. -17. vacated the chair on the 13th
inst. after bavin, been its occupant lor
eighteen consecutive years. To have been
elected master ot a .odge eighteen successive
terms is a record that is remarkable if not tin
parallels-. William Kay is the new master of
the' lodge.
It v, as expected that the Grand Lodge of
Masons would to-dny lay the cornerstone of
the Affiliated Colleges, but there has been
some delay and the event has been postponed
to some time not yet determined upon.
Order Eastern Star.
An unusual activity has ben noticed of late In
the chapters in this lily, and it is .ratifying to
announce that all at tin. lime are in a flourishing
condition.
The party proposed by Golden Gate Chapter will
not be given until after Lent. This chapter had
three initiations last Thursday.
Unitr Chapter of Oat.laud will give a Martha
Washington party in Peralia Hall this evening.
is.ion Chapter, a; its meeting on the 13th lust.,
elected nice candidates and a number elected at a
previous session were initia cd. This chapter Is i
receiving so any applications that it is lorced to j
hold special meetings in order to get through with
the work of Initiation. f.e the initiation on the
evening Darned the gentlemen who belong to the
chupt r surprise! the rady members by inviting
th.m to a pen. souper in the -anquet had. i here
-.as a valenti-. on each plate, v. d much amuse
ment aiose on in pto-nt if .lie, n.shis. There weie
speeches by visiters and proiiiiumt members of
tne order who w< re among me visitors.
Mission Chapter Is to give lis hist eutertsin
ment'on the evening of the _ l of March, on which
occasion a very line pronraniniJ will be presented.
In the first pan of the prolamine there will be an
original sketch, entitled -A counter Movement,"
by gentlemen only, I'blr ecu niaie members of
the chapter will app*ar In the cas..
Judging from m. piogress that this chapter has
mad. in the -i.oit pen.d ot its existence it is In
evidence that the sunny but of the .Mission is a
section of the Ci,y that is particularly adapted to
the i astern star.
On last l-'rl >y evening Harmony Chapter gave
an entertainment In Shiels building to its friends,
but unfortunately the storm w.i go severe tnai
many were kepi away, yet there was a «,ood _.
tendance to witness the very tine programme that
was resented. The affair was go. ten up b» Mrs.
Margaret Short, chat.- man of the commit cc of ar
rangements, assisted by Mrs. Ka.le Williams. Mis.
Emma i arter, Mrs. Lizzie Tonninrseu, jura. Hare
Of the committee, ana Worthy Matron Mrs. !*>ailie
Houfbton Mi Ib.-rry and Worthy Patron William
Hatch WharrT. M.s.er Bailey opened the enter
tainment w; h a recita ion of "Tue Boot
black Boy," in chara ter, and diet liii part
well; - Miss Augusta -lobe, a young lady witn a
sweet voice, pure and full oi expression, favored
with a vocai so o, and so acceptable »» > her vocal
ization that .he had to give an encore: Miss
fcopiia Schroder gave a recitation; Miss Margaret
Ijavis, a young giri. peifurme- on th. piano ana
gave evidence of wonderful skill and memorizing,
rendering long and difficult pieces with variations
without notes. There was a pre.ty fancy dance by
Miss Alice Lockwoed. "The Holy city" was sting
by Mr. owery, then a song by -_iss Annie i.eaton,
•dm ruble recitations by Joan Williams, a song by
Miss C. Poulter, a double 'an.,- dance by Miss
Emma Hahn and Master Willie H.i ey -mi a son.
by Miss May Coce. The children who appeared in
the fancy dances were very much admired by tne
audience ani won much applause. Af.er the pro
gramme Dr. Ar.tuir Hill Mm berry assumed the
duties of floor manager ot the valentine socia.
dance, which was kept up until mi tui.iu, a.-.d he
attended to th-? dis.riti.tion of what he termed
"magnificent valentines procured at great cost by
the Cu_.mitiee of arrangements." The entertain
ment ana dance were very much enjoyed by the
m»ny who did come.
The valentine party given by Oakleaf Chapter in
Onkland last Monday uip,bt was one. mat reflects
credit on the io.ur.miee that made the arrange
ments, lhe hall was decorated with hundreds of
the modern advertising posters, with many blood
red paper hearts, emblematic ot the _» ason, inter
sperse i. The members of the coinn.it.ee wore
belts of different colors ad long pendants decor
ated with tiny hearts, and near tne entrance > n
two pedestals wt re two Cupids in flesb-coiored
tights, lignt-b.ue jacket and the iradltl.ual win.s,
who disniouted valentines to those who entered,
one to the ladles and the other to the gentlemen.
One littie Cupid was the child of Mrs. U. Frank
Pierce and the other that of Gilbert a. l a .leis. An
excellent programme wag presented, after which
there was an illustration of the graphapbone and
dancing.
The Odd. Fellows.
The preparations are all comple;e for the meet
ing of District No. 67, In which Parnsworth,
Golden West, Pacific, Opnlr and Unity lodges will
participate, It will be held on Thursday night, In
Odd Fellows' Hall, under the auspices of Pacific
and Golden West lodges.
The anniversary celebration of Fresno Lodge
last week was a grand affair, in which participated
all the subordinate lodges of Fresno and the Re
bekabs. 'there was a goopJ program me, musical,
liteiary and oratorlca., William Henry Barnes.
P. G. M., delivering the principal addiess. There
were piesent Grand ..aster J. W. Warboys and
past grands J. L. Koblneite ot .Sacramento and J.
F. Thompson of buret a.
here Is a great deal of enjoyment la store for
those who attend the entertainment and open
meeting to be given this evening by Local He
be.ah i.dlge. This lodge, which will be a year old
on the 1 ltu of next May, expects to Increase its
membership from _*> to 100 by tuat time.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The grand medical examiner, up to the close of
business on the 19-.h inst., pasted upon 410 appli
cations for the m- nth of February. It Is observed
with satisfaction by the California members that
In the last report of the supreme recorder
California slows ihe second largest gain of any
Jurisdiction in the order, closing the month of le
cember with a net caln of _._ members. Fl.ures
Just made up for the month of January show that
(hare was a total net gain for said month of .99
members.
since the new plan of graded assessments went
into effect twenty new lod es have been organized
in the jurisdiction of California and a number ate
in progie.-s cf organization.
'Ihe sta.eme.it is made that Supreme Master
Workman John G. Tale will visit California In
April and •■.ill be present during the session of the
Grand Lodge.
Las. Saturday night Deputy Grand Master
Poland, assisted by the Grand Lodge officer., In
stituted a new- iodxe, composed exclusively of
carmen, at Kxc- lslor Hall. At the next, meeting
tbedegiees will be conferred on candidates who
were not pr- sent at the first meeting. The graud
officers were assisted lv the conferring of degrees
by the Papl-icJii.; team. *
Golden West Lodge bed a public meeting in the
Fotrero Opera House last Saturday. There was a
very large attendance. Grand Master Workman
William Vinter delivered an address which was
attentively listened to and then followed a first
class mu«:cal and literary programme.
Unity Lodge i 3 preparing for an entertainment
to b» given at no distant day.
Grand tteceiver Samuel Booth has arranged to
deliver a lecture with stereopticon Illustrations
before 1- xcelsl.r Lodge in ihe near future
Cn Tuesday .evening, tae 16lh, Leo ty Grand
Master Workman Poland instituted Pinole Lodge
No. 301, with thirty-four charter members. . '
'. he lodge starts out with most fluttering nros
pectsandthe indication of a large increase of
membership is good.
Tne institution of the lodge at Concord, in con
sequent or the continued inclemency of the
weathtr, was postponed until some evening tnls
Sausal Lodge No. -47, at Salinas, has submitted
seventeen applications to the grand medical "ex
aminer. This lodge has a boom on and promises
to largely incr ase its membership.
lone Lodge No 141, located at lone Valley
Amador County, he- a boom, and will shortly be
visited by the deputy grand master workman and
the grand recorder, when the degrees will be con
ferred on a class of fifteen candidates with the aid
of the screen work. - *pfQW_*MH_ni
On the 23d Inst, the deputy grand master work
man and the grand lecturer will visit Colusa
Lodge N a 66, when the degrees will be conferred
upon a class Of sixteen. candidates.
Un Wednesday evening, the 17th inst. Deputy
Grand Master Workman Poland and Grand Lec
turer Danforth Instituted a lodge of the order at
Lodl with thlriy char er members.
ibis lodge is theresuitot the efforts of Special
Deputy P. A. Mcpherson, and starts out with flat
_ * FINANCIAI-. -* » '
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
**. Leldeedorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
__, .. CESIBALOri'IC.
•28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur 'v & Atkinson
Mana-. ers. Tel. Alain 51.4.
-ptown Office— Kali! win Hotel (adjoining Grill
itoom). Tel. Main 1.-91. '..-■ •-*
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Managers.
Orflera instantly executed on latest market oa»
0 .?"* Beterence Ist National Bank, (i. Y.
• O-ICAOO. *JUVAX« WI_U_T S-vnff*f,
terlng prospects, and, no doubt, will soon largely
increase Its membership
On Friday, the 19 h lust., the deputy grand mas
ter workman, acrouapaa.e I by the Pacific Urili
learn, ronferred tpie v* irk man degree v ion a class
of twelve candidates for lteliauce Lodge No. 93 at
Alvarado. The meeting was succeeded by a ban
quet, at which speeches were delivered and an en
ter aimii. and pleasant evening passed
Sp.-cial Deputy Ha r. raves, who has been con
fined to his hi me in i his City for a number of days
by illness, has recovered and Is now in Bakersiield.
Yolo p_od-e -No. •__ of Woodland has organ zed a
drill team, and hereafter the degrees will be con
ferred In amp.ified form and with prop -r elabora
tion.
At its last meeting Fremont Lodge Mo. 297 in
stituted a class of nine members.
The ~re«* of Honor.
Martha Ledge of Fresno gave a masquerade b-.1l
a few evenings since which was attended by about
500 people. 200 of which were in costume. I: was
» most enjoyable affair, and after the dance th"re
was a banquet. The ball was under the super
vision of the following named committee Of ar
rangements: Mrs. O. W. Hollenbeck, Mrs. T. At
bln and Mrs. F.Coleman. Charles Burleigh was
the floor-mnna.er.
Silver Spray Lodge of this City had an Interest-
In? meeting last Tuesday, and at the closeof busi
ness Mrs. Minnie HolUs, the retiring chief of
honor, whs presented by Sam B>oth. grand re
ceiver of the A O. I*, ".v.. with a verr handsome
piano lam--, as a token of the sisterly. love thai the
members have for her.
Iv- i odne "So. 4 held a meeting last week at
which arrangements were made for a debate to
be held on the 3d of March. The subje t will be
"Should women receive equal nsy for work they
p rform eqcallv as well as men?"
Th» rtrl 1 team of Ivy Lod?e has under consider
ation a proposition to give a masquerade ball to
raise funds with which to procure costumes for
the team.
Quite a number of members have of late joined
the beneficiary branch of this order. Among the
recent additions to this branch is Miss O'Hea, the
grand treasurer.
Ancient Order of Foresters
C;urt Star of the West, the banner court of the
T'nited Stairs, celebrated its " fourteenth anni
versary- on Saturday night by an entertainment
and ball in B'nal E'rlth Hall. About 800 people
responded to the Invitation to be present, and they
were entertained in a delightful manner under the
supervision of a committee of arrangements con
sisting of George Klsbet (chairman), Br. J. J.
Evans, P. H. Sava.«*, K. strohroeir. H. ' mwe. J.
Tredlinmiek and F. J. Magulre, the secretary.
The chairman acied as master of ceremonl-s.
First there was an overture by the orchestra,
then an Interesting and instructive ftptdre by Dr.
E. G. Case of t lib., the high older ranger: vocali
zation by the Knickerbocker Quartet: recitation,
by Miss M-rybelle Thomp«on: swee' Instrumental
selection' b» Profess r Grabber's mandoll ■, banjo
and guitar class: ►co , cl> ba lad. Miss Jennie Mew
art: tenor «010. "Love's Nocturne." 5). V. Law
rence: sailor's hornpipe dance, by Miss Trynhlna
Pritchard; comic sones. James McNeill: rei i-a
tlon, Miss Hattle Monlton, and '-Good Night," a
waltz song, by the Knickerbockers. Then fol
lowed the dance, which was enjoyed by all the
partrcipan's. This court has a membership of
nearly 400. has about $60110 In its treasury and
Is officered by N. J. Savave, C. ft.: Geo-ge
Nisbet, P. C. R. : F. J. Magutre. recording
secietarv; T. Povser, financial secretary, and T.
Pemberthy. treasurer.
. Court Alcatrsz will be visited by Hl.h Chief
Banger ur. Case and the executive council on the
12th of March.
Court Novate has under consideration a proposi
tion to build a hal in which to hold its meet In s.
and it has appointed a committee to see upon
what terms it can negotiate a loan for the pur
pose.
Court Fort Brag- gave a sheet and pillow-rase
party las' Saturday. The committee of arrange
ments was Albert Hafsky, T. O'Connor and T. L.
Dot an.
Court Oak Grove gave a party In Foresters' Hall
on Saturday, which was well attended and much
enjoyed.
Court Kensington will give an entertainment
and minstrel show in Duvenlck Hal' to-night.
Court star of Sannalito at Its last held meeting
had seven initiations and received seventeen ap
plications.
Id conformity with resolutions adopted, letters
of thanks from the executive council to the Mayor
of Ckiab and the court at that place for 'he enter
tainment extended on the occasion of ho ding the
subsidiary high court In that < icy, have been en
groised and framed and will sbur.ly be presented.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Stanford Parlor having had Us installation, Its
"at home" for ladles will on Friday give Its
eleventh anniversary party in Native (sons' Hall,
It will be a strictly - Invitational event and the
committee expects to make this one of the great
est of the many admirable functions thai this par
lor has given in the past. The decoration of the
hall has been Intrusted to the ar istic a. F.
Schleicher of the parlor, whose idea on this cc a
sloo will portray summer. The decorating will be
appropriate to that ason ot th- year and in the
midst of floral decoratous it Is his purpose to place
a number of songsters to further ne ghen the con
ception There will be a li-vrmonv of objects and
colors that can be equaled only by the French style
of decoration.
Last Wednesday Grand Orator Frank Matt ison
paid an official visit to Mission Parlor, being ac
e ruipanleu on the visit by «-rand VI e- President
Clark, (.rand Uecre I.ni.s ed . Pa»t Grand
President John A. Stelnbachand Deputies 1 ansing
Van Orden, Norman and McLaughlin, all b»lng
under the care of Grand Trustee Milton XX Garratt,
who Is a member of progressive Mission Parior.
The visitors, in flattering language. expressed
their approval of the worK of the M sslonites. and
after the visit was over there was a banquet, at
which there was • glorious time. The grand ora
tor, after having visited twenty parlors In differ
ent counties in the State, returned to his home
.ast Thursday.
I recita Parlor, noted for its hospitality and
good taste in the presentation of soc al even:- , will,
on Thursday next, give a social in Mission Parlor
Hall.
California Council has appointed J.J.Jamison,
assistant grand secretary, delegate to the Library
and Head in Boom Association.
Past Grand Charles H. Garroutte has returned
from Japan grca It Improved In health.
The Mystic Argonauts of Hesperian Parlor will
give their eighth annual entertainment and dance
in Mission Parlor Hal next Saturday.
The annual nieetin. of the stockholders of the
Hall Association will be held Tuesday evening,
the 9th of Marcn.
It. ('. Graves Is now secretary of Friendship
Parlor, vice J. K. Deal: J. D. .' brums Is secretary
of Verba Buena 1 anor, vice F. W. Lees: H. ('.
Llchtenberx is secretary of P.amona Parlor, vice
O. W. .'unbam: A. H. Th mas Is president of
Golden Nugge' Parlor, and C. Shields president
of Plymouth Parlor.
Mission Parlor has requested the local parlors to
appoint three delegate- each to meet with Mission
Par or delegates In the library, Native Sons' Halt,
on the Ist proximo, to discuss the advisability of
taking part in the Golden Gate Carnival next
April.
i Grand Trustee Zabala made a numb-r o' official
I visits last week. This week be will visit as fol-
I lows: To-night. Mailer-: to-morrow. . osemite
Parlor; Wednesday, Mariposa: Thursday, Cala
veras: Friday, Prince Parlor, and Saturday, Tu
olumne.
Grand Inside Sentinel Joseph D. Norris visited
Oakland Parlor last week and witnessed the In
itiation of five candidates. During the evening the
parlor received a fraternal visit from a number of
| the members of Washington Par.or of Centervtlle,
| a visit that was greatly appreciated.
Native Daughters of the Gold-n West.
Mrs. M. B&debold, seco id vice-president of
Golden Sta c Paricr, was installed by Mrs. A.
i-impson of Burn* Vista, D. D. G. P., at the last
held meeting of the parlor. Two candidates were
Initiated a. that meet The parlor Is working
hard to secure additional delegates to enable II to
I have one more de c.ale in the next Grand Parlor.
Miss M. Waters r f Las l.om was a visitor to
i Golden State Parlor at its last h.id meetlrig.
La Estrella Parior gave its f Jur h "at home" on
• the evening of the 13th i si. There « as a large
| attendance, Including many of he friends of
| members. Grand Vice-President Mrs. Belle "V.
: Conrad -nd a number of Piedmont i arlnr's fa r
j daughters. There was presented a very interes - i
lug programme under the direction of Mrs. Lillian
j Car! le. Mrs. Daroeal and Mss Champion. After
the entertainment there was dancing and refresh
ments. The evening passed off very pleasantly, a
Fremont Parlor gives a ca.iaione party in ban
quet hall, If. .-. 8., on Sam nay evening next. •
Oro Kino Parlor will give an entertainment and
dance in Native Sons' Hall for the benefit of the
sic- fund on Wednesday.
The Order of Chosen Friends.
Up to the Ist of last January this order has paid
9100,000 in old age benefits.
There is anticipated a good time at the Martha
Washington party, to b* given tbis evening by
Sunset Council la Alcazar build
Grand Sentry Lemuel Bidden who had been
seriously 1.1 has fully recovered.
Guardian Council of t.os Angeles gave a very
enjoyable valentine party on the 12th inst. Each
I person was i resented with a heart-shaped valen
tine In which was printed the programme of
dances.
Last Thursday night the committee of arrange
ments consisting Of ihr-e from each of ihe local
councils met and determined to tender a recep
tion to the delegates on the occasion of the visit
of tbe representatives to this City to attend the
Grand Lodge session his willtbe on the evening
ofthel4thofAp.il. On the evening of th- i.tn
tnere will be several initiations for the benefit of
the representatives. The work will be in the am
plified form. There will be a pris» of 120 to the
council presenting the greatest number of candi
dates for Imitation.
Improved Order of Red Men.
The great sachem paid a visit to Oahonee Tribe
last week, ana was received by a large number of |
members and visitors. There were lour adop
tions. A long talk by the visiting officials was
listened to with the profoundest attention.
On the Ist of May Oshonte iribe will give an en
tertainment and ball In aid of the building fund for
the home and orphan asylum which it is proposed
to erect for the order. •
The reception to Great Sachem Sims on the occa
sion of his official visit to Modoc Tribe last week
*« a grand one. Among those present were*
A. Jackson, great prophet; G. W. Collins, great
junior sagamore; Porter L. Bliss, great san nan*
C. .. Burueman. great chief of records: Past Great
sachems B. F. Josaelyn and J. «'. >mith Deputy
Great si.cnems J. H. Jennings, M. L. Wheeler and
C. H. I'ariUh: Past sach-ms Rudolph Fowrer
and F. J. Fu ler.
,-onyonie Tribe visited ilia tody. During the
evening Past SacuemJiseph of Hamoset liioe of
Val-jo pres*n.ed ib 1 * sitting tribe a handsome
pair of tomahiwks. each artistically engraved
with embems of the order. * Past Sachem Her
man GutiUdt acted ac toaatna-ster at a banquet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
that followed. There was a flue spr.-au of corn '
and venl'on. mm- i oratory and ■ great deal of
music, all ot which served to nuke the occasion
one to be pleasantly remembeied by the par.lci
pants.
The new tribe to be organized in Honolulu In
the near future will be under the jurisdiction of
California
The newt lbe being organized In Sacramento
has already secured seventy individuals who will
become members-
Ancient Order of Druids.
Manzantta Grove was instituted In Druids' Hall
last Tuesday by Noble Grand Arch J. A. Devoto,
assisted b- Grand Secretary J. J. Mo iison W.
Motllson and C. Lorentzen of Grove No. 15, Past
Supreme Arch rtchord and Grand Treasurer E. H.
| Gee Be. There were about 150 Druids pre ent.
/"Tier adjournment a banquet was served In Cali
fornia Hall, which bad been tastefully decorated
by Druid Otto Huber. J. Isaacs acted as toast. <
master, and toasts were responded to by those al
ready named and Past Noble Grand Arcn I*.
< av.t.naro and Deputy Giand Arch H. J. Goller.
The new officers will be Installed to-night.
Perseverance Grove at its last heid meeting In
itiated three candidates and reielved several ap
plications. Templar Grove initiated two candi
dates and several applications were presented.
Norma Grove is receiving appll< atluns and initiat
ing at every meeting. Golden Gate Grove Is also
doing well, Ii initiated two candidates at the last
he a meeting.
Grand be letary Mil has r-»colvel the semi
annual reports ■ Horn New *-outh Wales. These
show an increase in trie order in that colony. It
has a membership of _ol>o. and a good sum 111 the
general fund
The report of the annual anniversary committee
shows a financial success-
American Legion of Honor.
Notwithstanding the heavy downpour during
the past week the attendance at the various coun
cils in this City was unusually good. he attend
ance at Bohemian Council was remarkably good.
Grand Seoretary Burton has just returned from
a visit In the Interior. On last Tuesday he was
with Yosemlte Council In Stockton, and to a large
membership), he fully explained the new lawsot
the order. While there he attended and presided
at the forty-filth anniversary exercises of Liberty
Lodge, I. O. O. F., of whiifi he is a member.
Gra.d commander l illi-n was present at the
last held meeting of Kuby Council In Gilroy. I his
council ranks high In the order, and its standing
is due In a great measure to the efforts of Mrs. M.
B. 8.-iiii, the collect! r.
Many members are changing from class B to
class A.
Assessment No. 374 of one and one-third rates,
In foice January 1, Is payable before March 1.
Young Moil's Institute.
E. J. Coffey has been chosen secretary of the
lecture bureau, vice J. E. Kichards Jr., resigned
ou account of want of time to attend to the duties.
A requiem mass will be celebrate.l in the cathe
dral this morning for the repose of the souls of the
deceased members ot Ignaiiau Council No 35.
Oakland Council. American i.ou.._il and Fra
ternity Council will jointly cel-brale V. M. 1. day
to-day In the Tin ernai 1« l.i Oaklanil.
Be Matbew Council of .-an Mat o gave a grand
ball last Frlda ■ , ana Ii was very successful.
Judge \>*. W. Morrow will deliver an illustrated
lecture on the FeJeial Government, introducing
views of Washington, D. C, before Columbia
Council in Metropolitan Hall on the evening o. the
11-.h of March. T J. _!arry. Grand Secretary
George A. Stanley, William O'Couiiell aid Dr. T.
H. Norris are the commit, of arruugemen.s.
The mil itrei show oven tit 80. romean Council
last Wednesday was a great success.
luung Ladies' Institute.
Grand President Sophie Grote recently paid an
official visit to Branch No. 32 in -an Jose and she
also visited Branch No. Hi in Wat-onvnie.
The valentine party given by Branch No. 2 to
members only lv tne order's headquarters was a
very en jjy able affair. During the evening Miss
M. Donnovan read an interesting paper on "Temp
erance." ■__■
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The grand protector contemplates an official
visit to San Jose, Marysv. le, Oakland. Alameda
and lodges in this City within a short time.
West End Lodge » Hi give its next social on the
evening of the 16. h of March.
Verba Buena Lodge of -an Jose entertained over
150 guests most enjoyably last Wednesday even
ing.
There will be official visitations on the '."i-i to
Bay City Lodge, a3.i to Pacific Lodge, 25t'i to
Golden Kule Loage and 26ih to Fuel slot Lodge.
Knights or Honor.
Last Monday night Anchor Lodge initiated two
candidates, Grand Dictator Arcutb-Id performing
the work. This lodge has four app. icatlons ou
band.
Verba Bueca had two Initiations last Monday and
will initiate four candidates to-night. There are
eight applications o:i file. At its meeting on Mon
day th.- siting ol.e received a visit from Liberty
Ledge, which came in a body. There were pres
ent the grand dictator, Pest Dictator Bourke,
Grand Assistant Dicta. or Thomson and ot.er
grand officers.
Last Tuesday < ran.l Dictator Archibald and
other grand officers visited Center Lodge in Berk
ley and inst&.led the chaplain, guardian and three
trustees The lodge has -.ix app. lcatlons In tue
hands of the medical examiner.
The uixt session of the >..rand Lod?e will beheld
in the Aicazar building on the loth of March,
commencing at 10 o'clock in the forenoon.
The Royal Arcanum.
Argonaut Council 597 has removed from Shlels
building to their new- quarters in Coloma Hall,
N. ts. O. W. building, and propose giving an enter
tainment and "house-warming social" at ibei
next meeting. March 8. An interesting programme
has been piepared by the .tpeclal committee ap
pointed by i egent Dixon. At .he last mee'ine of
the council several applications for membership
were received and a general good lime had. Be
ports .how large accessions being made in the
membership in all councl of the ..iu-.
ABDUCTION CHARGED.
C. B. Manges. Assistant Steward on a
Stockton Boat, Placed Under
Arrest.
C. B. Manges, an assistant steward on
one of the Stockton boats, was arrested
Saturday on a charge of abduction by
Officers MiMurtay and Holb-oolt of the
Society for the Suppression of Vice.
The girl he is charged with abducting i*-
Maud Spring, whose parents live in Stock
ton. She is a pretty blonde, 17 years of
age, and was found in a rooming-house on
Fourth street, where she had heen living
with Manges. She was also arrested and
booKed for some public institution.
Manges, after his arrest, professed his
willingness to marry the girl, and said be
loved her just as much as she did him.
She had left her parents on her own ac
count to be with him, as he had taken up
his residence here.
The girl's parents were notified, and
they called unon Chief Crowley yesterday
afternoon. They were told of Manges'
desire to marry their daughter, but they
demurred, as they had been told the;
Manges had boasted he had got other girls
10 run away with him, and he hud de
serted them after making money oui»o
them.
The Chief allowed the parents to take
the girl home with them, and tliev prom
ised to stop in the City to press the charge
of abduction against Man^.s.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND nOTEL.
I N Smith, Denver B X Bradford. Denver
A App A w.San JoseL Uhlphier, N V
<i A Legg. Nevada City W D McLeod. Bio Vista
II D Hatch, Novato J T B-rry A w, San Jose
it L Kiiilitani -.v.isn JoseE J Eraser. Rio Vista
I. VV Shinn, Amies A Dubbers San Rafael
J Brodie Mill Valley H T Smjtli, -.in Lorenzo
J McCouaghy Cal ' FO Hatcn, Hay wards
V W Crysth, Detroit T L Reed, Beealey
M M Rsed, need ey B J l-ioger, Rico
B McMillan, Fort Bragg S M Levee A w, Vallejo
I. J Hill, Wa-h DC FA Biggs, Wash. D V.
John J Moore, Victoria E E Fernant. Montreal
J F Wilson, Sacto X B Biggs. Grille?
G Lavenson <& fam, SactoO A Hayes. Los Angeles
T B Hayes. Los Angeles H C Bo.'ih, sta Barbara
John Leiden^er, Ohio FE I'.iheiikam. Ross Vy
B Moore A ■*■_,"■ V City Mrs *• X X Price, Cal
D Donohoe A wf, Cal M _ Doulter, Tillamook
Mrs J Weston, Cal G ■" (sawyer, Chicago
Mrs Browning, San Jose G Doty, Elk Grove
J W Cleaves, Redding Wlt McLeod, Rio Vista
M D Calkins, Amailor J D Stephens, Woodland
Miss M A Craig, Cal D S Phillips. Hamord
A L Young, Cal Mrs A J Regan, Cat
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
a J Young, Victoria T E Wise A w, Victoria
J D Arnold. Whatcom H Harris, Seattle
B If White, Seattle C D Downey, Los Angels
A Knilp.e. Los Angeles J O'lonneL.Los Angeles
G Walsn. c.l J H stuart A w, Cal
J Ryan A w, Gilroy H somer ., Alcatraz
H Felmazei-, Alcatraz W J Younger, Alca.raz
E ley,vi_;i .Wdswth J Boars. Seattle
J Bradley, Cal U F HauiT A w, Victoria
I R B-übuy <fe w. Victoria R H Handy, Rodeo
A White, Coos Bay , B Smith, Or
G McGrevev, tan Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L Herman NY CEMcKenna. San Jose
.1 Myi-r teln, salt Lake C W Frauk»l, N" V
s W Van i-yckel, N' V H Harris. N V
G Bowles. NY OH Hazard, Empire
R Karl, Empire J O short, Empire
R J Baden. Vallejo J F Parks. Jackson
Mrs J W Wright, Napa W G Glis rap, Vlsalla
Jde Pedraza, Spain Mrs C Bishop, San loss
a E Barbour, Vallejo H M Plate, .-an Jose
JTMurph .Burlingame H P Brick, Burllneams
S Bloom. Chicago J V Wesser, Vallejo
PALACE HOTEL
O A Dickinson, Stockton S Ullman. N V
C W Goodsll. Butte . G B Stoddard, Chicago
A H Ra.ky. Quincy W F. Griffin. Reno
V H short. Iresno s J Johnson, C.nn
1. Williams. .'* V W F Conkey, Missouri
J G i roxlon. Phlla B Moore, N V
J W Mi ii turn, Cal Mrs B Moore, If V
J W Cblpruan, Indiana Mrs Buckingham, <al
J X Kei.ogg, Cblcago J F Croxion <£ w, Phlla
HE_l___i_,T.ledo
THE SINGLE TAX
AT SACRAMENTO
Tames S. Reynolds Reports
on the Status of the Con
stitutional Amendment.
Many Legislators Have Been
Converted to the Great
Reform.
If a Constttutunal Convention Be
Called the Single Tex Is
Assured, He Says.
The Single Tax Society held an interest
ing and important meeting at Pythian
Castle last evening. James S. Reynolds,
who has been doing battle at Sacramento
in behalf of the proposed amendment to
the constitution that shall make the single
tax possible in this State, made a report
of the progress of the work. It was very
encouraging to single taxers and a vote of
thanks was tendered him by the society.
Mr. Reynolds was introduced and said:
I wish I bad the ability und the time to
describe to you the progress we have made
during the past three or four years. This is
the .hrJ time I have been to Sacramento in
behalf of the single tax movement. When I
look back t.> my lormsr experience of three
and lour years ago I can hardly tell you of the
difference of tone and feeling that I found
among the men who compose the Legislature.
It is most d.flicult to eel a hearing. But there
are a number of old-iimers and some single
lasers who are working tooth and nail for the
single tax amendment to the constitution.
When I got there the committees were not
only at sea about the proposition, but were op
posed to It, except Bui in the .Senate com
mittee. lam speaking of the Senate commit
tee particularly. Every time I went before It
these members began asking questions about
the single tax. Now, this amendment is not a
single tax measure. It simply provides that
"the Legislature shall provide for the levying
of taxes and the raising of revenue In such
manner as it shall deem just; provided that
for local purposes taxes may be imposed as the
electors of the county and other political sub
divisions may decide."
I answered the questions as they came up,
but always came hack to the statement that
this does mi introduce the single tax but
merely gives the legislature jurisdiction in the
matter. Still the questions came. Finally I
got in and for a straight hour and a half
pumped them full of single tax. At the end
of that time they had to give tip the room we
occupied. The chairman said he was sorry to
interrupt me, but said he was ready to vote on
the subject then. Others said the same. I said
I was ready to submit it. Everyone voted In
favor. The Assembly committee did the same.
There are a number of strong and intelligent
supporters of the single lax, men who know
what they are talking about. Mr. Boone, a
farmer of Tulare, is one of the -olid men of
the Assembly. He says the farmers of Tulare
are ready lor the singpe tux now. Mr. K-egan,
a merchant of Santa Rosa, is a stanch sup
porter. Mr. Dryden, an old lawyer of San
Diego, was opposed to the proposition at first,
but with a little talking to bo came in. There
are (till many others.
There are twenty-two bills introduced
by labor unions. The members of tbosa unions
gave their entire attention to them, and we
can expert no help from that quarter. The
Iroquois Club passed a|resolution that this
amendment be favored and offered as an Iro
quois Club measure. That did much good.
When I went up to Sacramento a year ago It
was with the intention of offering a single-tax
amendment, pure and simple — that all reve
nues be assessed to land values. However, our
trie:. in Jhe Legislature thought that it
would De ill-advised that many members had
been educated up to the amendment pre
viously offered, and we would let it go at tnat.
However, I made good use of the petition that
has been circulated and so numerously signed
during lb. past year.
Mr. Reynolds said he could give no as
surances of the success of the measure,
but tCat there was a good lighting chance.
He said it was possible a constitutional
convention would be called, "and if it is
the day is won. We will write the article
on revenue and taxation just as certainly
as one is written," be declared.
J. S. David of the Swedenborgian
church. H. L. Pleace and Misses Alexan
der and Bridge ra-Q* addresses.
A meeting will be held on the first Sun
day evening of every month at the same
place. The society will arrange to have
James A. Heme, the single-tax actor,
who appenrs this week in "Shore Acres"
at the dwin, to deliver an address on
the single tax. The society will also ar
range for a theater party to see "Shore
Acres" in a body this week.
Major-General Teranchi of the Japanese
arm v. accompanied by a native engineer, Mr.
Ozura, has arrived at Vienna to study the
Austrian military organization.
Explanation. i
Th. arrow files with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for ih*
cays: those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word ■'_!«-" means hlsrh taromeiric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloud v weather aud rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When, the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the roast, rain la probable:
but when the "low- is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is tmprob
shle. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure failing to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winder. The reverse of* these conditions
ana -*-**odu_e inapposite result. iffi_B_M_EMM
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Departkiskt of Agricul
ture. Weather bureau, san Francisco, Feb.
21, 1897, 5 p. if. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the sessonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea-«
son act rainfall during tbe past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season — — . last season 24.89,
past 24 hours .12; Red Bluff 20.66, last season
13.83. past 24 hours .00: San Francisco, 37.76.
last season 12.43, past 24 hours .00; Fresno 8 *"8,
mm season 4.09, past 24 hours .00: Sau Luis Obispo
17.13. last season 17.25. past 24 hours .04: Los
Angeles 15.. 3, last season 6.91, past 24 bouts. oo:
San Diego 9.32, last season 4.44, past 24 hours ,
.02: Yuma 4.72, last season 0.46, past 24 hours,
.00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 50.
minimum 4". mean lb-
Pair weather prevails throughout California and
the greater portion 01 Nevada, while rain or snow
has occurred In all other sections west of the
Rocxy .Mountains. Killing frosts and freezing
weather occurred last night throughout th*- great r
porti' n of California and conditions are favorabl.
for equally low temperature to-night.
Forecast made at -an Francisco for 30 hours,
ending at midnii;ht. February 22. 1897:
Northern California— Fair Monday: killing
frosts to-night and In exposed sections Monday
bight: fresh northerly to westerly winds. '
southern a hernia— Fair Monday: killing frosts
to-night and Monday night; fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday. ': ■•'■■-■
Arizona— Fair Monday, with killing frosts to
night and Monday night, probably injurious to cit
rus fruit.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday; kill
ing from to-night; fresh westerly wind.
W. H. li am kon*. Forecast Official.
*-*-— mm -. *• . _ .-___- —
A*. I "•'■•-■ TO AUKIVIi.
SUN, MOO*. AND 1 Oh.
United Statics Coast and f!iton"Tr- SosvgT-
Times and Heights or Hioh and Low
Waters at -out Point, Entrance to
San Francisco Bay. Published bt Offi
cial Authority OP the -sDr.iti.TEMiiu-T.
Notk— high and low waters occur at, the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same a* both places.
February- 1"*» 7.
Monda -, February 22.
Sunrises 6 61 Moon rises am
Sun sets 6. 57 'M00n sets.
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides th
early morning tides are given In the I* ft band
column, and the successive tides of the day In tb
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlmi
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
wben there are but three tides, as sdmsilm.j
sccur*. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes lbs
height, and then the number given is subtractlvs
from the depth given by tbe charts.
ft'OTIC- TO -iAKi-VfcJß**.
A branch of the United States Hydrographto
Office located In tbe Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hunt tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, snd Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Ob-ervaiory a. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, Is
publisher the same day by the afternoon paper*
and by tne morning papers the following lav.
W. S. co lies
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIOENCK.
Arrive I.
SUNDAY*. February 21.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 69 hours from Vic
toria and luge, sound; pass and nidse, to Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Stmr Suno.. D .'tuners. 69 hours from Grays
Har* or; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours frm Soquel,
etc: produce, to GoodalL Perkins-* Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 46 hours from Yaqulna
Bay ami way ports: pass ana mdse, to Meyer A
Akmann.
Stmr Eureka Parsons, 70 hours from Newport
end way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
Co.
Stmr Noyo, Vinson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and muse, to J S Kimball.
stmr city of Ever- it, La verge, S2 hours from
Nanaimo; 3562 tons coal, to John RoseuJeld's
Sons.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, S3 hours from Cres
cent City, pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Scbr Monterey, tec-*. 15 hours from Bowens
Landing: 1 1 6 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Sciir Neptune, Estvold, ti days from Grays
Har Or: lnmb r. to S i-. - lade Lv inner to.
Schr La Gironde. Smith, 6 days from Grays Har
bor; 250 M St lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
schr Maid of Orleans, Aril, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to a E Slade Lumber Co.
Sailed.
SUNDAY. February 21.
Stmr Empire, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Mexio, Jepsen. San Diego.
Stmr Alaska, Anderson,
s.mr Corona Doran. Eureka
Stmr Areata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Ship Samaria, Mcßae, Pu:;et oana.
Ship W F Babcoc*, t'raham, Hono uln.
Bark Kate Pave..p> rt, Reynolds. Port Blakeley.
Schr Annie Lar.en, White, Port Blakeley.
Returned.
SUNDAY. February 21.
Scbr Reliance, Wilson, hence Feb 17, for Fisks
Mill, returned on ac ount of rou :h weaioer.
>tmr Empire, hence tills morning, tor Coos Bay,
returns i to land the carpenter, who tell down the
hold and had his le; bioken.
'Ael.eraphlo.
POINT LOROS. Feb. 31.-1 J p. it— Weather
clear. wind NW: veioci.y 12 ml'--.
I»i)mi*<'io 'nr-i
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr
Mlneola, from Comox
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr National
City, bence Feb 20.
GREENWOOD-Arrlved Feb 21-Stmr Alcazar,
benco Feb 19. ' -.-'■-'• *
sailed Feb 20— Stmr Alcatraz, fo. San Francisco.
Feb 21— Stmr Alcazar, for san Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrive. Feb 22— stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
CASPAR— sailed Feb 21— Stmr Caspar, for Re
doniio.
Foreign Forts.
. DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Feb 16-Bhlp
john C Potter, hence Feb 4.
sailed Feb 16— Ship Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic St~-*-n-»»i
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 21— Simr La Cham
pagne, from Havre; stmr Lucaula, from Liverpool
and Queenstown. ' -.
QUKENsTOWN-Salled Feb 21-Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Feb 21— Stmr La Normandle,
from New York, for Havre; stmr Weimar, from
New York, for Bre-uen. . .
Importations.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Suno'— 7 bbls salmon, 1
sk coin, 330 M ft lnmber, 24 hatch combings, 7
hatch corners, 12 cs rings, 6 cleats, 1 register, 18
bdls hides. »
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— s cs bottles, 1 case
household goods, 34 pkgs mdse. 240 M ft lumber.
SANTA CRUZ -Per Gipsy -5 bxs butter. J bxs
17 .bis glue, 1 cs eggs, 400 bbls lime.'
-oqiiei— _Uo reams paper.
NEWPORT- Per Eureka -55 bxs oranges.
East san Pedro, etc— tOO bxs oranges, 43 cs fish,
24 bxs lemons
- San Pedro— lß bxs oranges.
Hueueme— 4cse.-.s. 2 bxs butter.
Santa Barbara— 3o bxs lemons. 22 bxs oranges,
1 hdl twine, 1 box salmon.
Gaviota— a bdls aides and pelts, 3 bxs butter, 7
sks crswtlsh.
Port Harford— l9 bxs batter. 9cs eggs, 1 bundle
spokes 1 box rollers.
Cayucos— 6 p-gs mdse, 1 coop chickens, 2 tubs
81 ins bu.ter. 7 dressed calves, 1 box hardware. 7
is chefs'-, 3 cs eggs
san Simeon— 3*2 tub- 60 bxs batter, 2cs eggs, 1
box hardware. 4 pkgs mdse, 1 dressed calf, 1 box
sardines.
erev— l34 bxs apples.
' YAQUINABaY — Per Farallon— 2s2 sksosts, 3
cs bsk now i it, 251 tons -tone, :<_o sks wheat. 14
eds stavebolta. 50 bales 4-0 qr-sks 60 bf-sks flour,
30* sas potatoes 9 bdls hides 3 coops poultry, 16
s-t bark. 1 coop chickens. 2 bx< mdse. 1 cs **s_*s. 3
Pkgs junk. 76 sks :.o:ies, 6 ro Is leather. 1 case ba ;
powd. r. 2 ba s b^ter. 1 cooo geese. 1 bx crockery, 2
coops fouls. 407 salmon, 3eg eggs 2 pkgs mdse
22 sks oysters. 7 bdt> hide's, m p-igs express.
Eureka— 2 pkgs mdse. 7 pkgs household goods, I
cs dry iroods, 1 cs piioto goods, 1 pkg cstlng, 1 cs
36 tons old iron, 1 ci piano. :..-.*-
Taco 1 a— Per UmatlUa— 42 bdls hides, bOO
bars bullion, 1 cs books, 1 ox hdwi, 1 bx clocks,
13 cs electrical surplies. 1 cs acid. 2 bbls cruci
bles, 4 pkgs mdse, 8 bxs tel material, _ tuba out
t* r, 1 hi mi gnesia, 1 10. household fu.nliure. 1154
sks wb -at. tils ski oats. 1H..0 b_s flour. 2 bxs
plated war?, 621 bdls nuop po.es, 4 bxs apples, 1
pkg mdse.
hast of Fargo, via Tacoma— l cs dry goods, t*
crts perambulators, 2 cs electrical goods. 6 bdls
oars, 1 ex corse. s _
Auacortes— 1 Oiling machine, 1 pkg mdse. 75
bdls bbi healings. 610 bbls lime. 4447 sks oats.
Lverett-13 bdls ore sa.is, '.19 roils 1030 odls
9' cs paper, 6 pkgs mdse, 400 bars bunion. 1
organ, 185 kegs 10 bxs nails, 3- cs boots and
shoes. ■
Whatcom— 2pkgs mdse. 1 piano.
Fast, vis (an Pac R It— s cs ci.ars. 36 cigar
ettes 4- cs 5 P-gs tobacco, 3 os shade cloth. 1 bx 1
crt Conner t-h-ets, 6 c.< window sna es, 1 cs books,
16 cs dry goods, 8 pkgs mdse, 12 cs knit goods, 7
rs husleiy. 4 cs b sheets 1 cspstiings, a cs drugs,
36 pianos. 10- bb.s glucose I*3 b„s pat medicines
500 bxs evap appies, '.'1 <s underwear. 44 cs hats
_ cs disinfectants. 154 cs « on aud shoes.
Hon^konpt. vaC PS S Co— __-U mats rice. 100
cs not oil. 6lics •■> Inc. 6c» pickled melo-is, 7 pkgs
ginger, 14 cs sauce, 25 cs c shoots 10 c* eggs. 5 cs
beans, _; cs b cake, 1 cs c w. re, 3 bs*tt-» yams, 8 cs
«lr I fljuer, 10 rs vermicelli, 20 ci ie», 10 b iskets
tare, SO es s cakes, _ pkgs w nests, li ba.s sugar, 5
pkgs cabbage, 1 ; kg c ware, *" cs olives, 2 p-g* dr
vegetables, 4 bxs fish, lpkgcaeel, 1 pig c ware,
1 daies, Ict fungus, Ics lychees, 35 csdrduc,
6 sks peas.
Vancouver— ls pkgs mdse, 26 bdis hides, 1 sew
mecblne, 1 cs piano, 3 ci tea, '_ sks switches
Victoria ISB buis aides and pelts. iCj piano, 4
bbls liquors. 1 box i> stool, 2 n vises.
S'attle, via Great Nor Ry— l crt liber w«: c.
* or.. Townsend— 3 bb.s w ne, 1 ci in s?, l sack
oln.
N P S _. via Victoria— l9l bales gunnies. 3000
bags tire, 32 ba'es cbllles, 4 cs dr ed provisions, 5
pkgs plants, *>9 cs curios, 101) Hits soy.
Seattle— 2l bxs fish, 1 cs bats, 1 cs fur goods. 25
plcgs copper, 2cs shoes, 105 *ks gluestock, 1 cse
books, 10 bas butter, 1. pktts vi is , x bag seed, 1
bx plants, 3 bxs apples, 6 cs patent medicine. 5.0
tons coal, 6 pkgs express, 1 lot household goods, 2
cs cloaks, 1 cs dry goods, 1 eh to >ls-
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 4 pkgs
mdse, 1 ke_ 1 bx butter, — M ft lumber, Bcs meat.
Consltru cos.
Pear Farallon— Moore, Forgtison <fe Co; TD Me*
Gllvray; CJLelst<&Co; Weilman. Peck A_ o; H
Levy & Co; Lievre, Frlcke <fc Co: J B Ingo**lla: H
H Dobbins: E R Stevens A Co ; Chas Harley A Co;
L Kcaien- A Co; Jonas Erlanger: Gould A Jaudln:
Dod.e. Sweener A Co: C E Whitney ,_: Co : Arctic
Oil Works: Standard Oil Co; Morgan Oyster Co*. T
Brow ostein; Baker A Hamilton: Gets Bros 4 Co:
Wells, Fargo A .o; Murphy, Grant A Co; Pacific
Wooden ware and coop ra<_ Co; Anspacher Bros:
Cbas Jacobsan it Co: J C'Bauer A Co; H H Battler
A Co; G Herman; Washington Mfg Co: Charles
Lutzen: l-osenb'.att A Co; SJ Bryan: P Joyce;
Kruse A Euler; LP Van Burnles; J And-rson; D
Taylor; Bancroft. Whitney A Co; Deere Imp Co.
Per Eureka- McDonougb A Runyon: Wttland
Produce Co: Gray A Barblerl: Gould -.Jaudln: J
R Henoy: Hllmer. Bredhoffife SchUiz: APa.n.lini:
J B lnguglla; L -"-catena A Co: J Ivancovtcn <__ Co:
Gets Bros A Co; Thos Denigan, Son A Co: Moo it
Shasta Mineral Wu erCo: Goodall, Perkins & Co;
Levi Spiegel A Co: Wheaton, Breon it Co: Pastene
Bros: Brlgham, Hoppe.t Co: Weilman, Peck it Co;
Marshall A Reimer; Hills Bros: American Union
Fish Co; Dodge, Sweenp* - A Co; Witzel »*. linker;
C X Whitney A Co: Standard Oil Co: FP. Haight;
California Type Fo miry: M LabHne; 8 S lhomo
•on; Campodonlco _• Malcolm : Western Meat Co;
B G Ruhl _- Co: W C Price A Co: O M Smith A Co;
De Bernard! Co: Dairymen's Union; F L'ri _ Co:
Norton, Teller A Co; H Klrchraann * Co; H Wyss
«tCo: Baker_t Hamilton: W W Montague A Co;
Marshall. Teggart _• Co ; Wolf it Sou; E Berwick:
We.sthorT J. « o.
Per Un stills— Fredericksburg Brewery; Pacific
Boiling Mils: Kowalsky A Co; SH Frank* Co;
Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Allen A Lewis; Paul
Seller; S P Milling Co: Geo W .McNear: Elect rl al
Works: Moore, Ferguson A Co: Amer I ress Assn:
Blake, Mntlit- A Towiie: Dunham, Carrigan <fc Co:
Slaufl>r Chemical Works A Mueller A Bro: E H
Forrester: -upt Lite-Savin? Service; Weingartner
Bros; Butterlck Pub Co: G Sanguine ti: Metton *
Gebhard : Day Bros: Postal Tel Co; W J Wiley;
Taenia Grain Co; John Pettler**w: 11 A Hlgglns
A CO: G W Howard; California Barrel Co: Pacific
Woodenware an-J Cooperage Co; M H Richardson:
Allred Howell; S 11 Lock: Foar i A Stok-s; WG
Richard on: John M Piatt; U M Tupper; Casile
Bros; American Tobacco Co: Titlinnnnd: B«-ndeI;
Cahn, Nlckelsburg *. Co: Miin-hy. Gran: A Co; C
H Merer <t Co; Greenbaum, Well _: Michels; JUL
Cad; Sherman, Clay & Co: Dairymen's Union; H
Waldeck «fc Co; American Union* Fish Co: Lde la
Montanya; G Camllloni A Co; J B lnguglla: Cal
Glue Works: Milan! iCo : Redington A Co; Troy
Laundry Mch Co: A Paladin! : Ji.nnson-Li.c^e Mer
Co; Sa . Francisco Chemical Works; Pacific Coast
Syrup Co; Sunset Seed and Plant Co; J paplt; J J
Newourgh; **.' El Lowell; P B*-rwin <fc Bio; Trieit
dr. Co; -*trathan <fc Co: San Francisco Novelty and
Plating Works: s J Erie ilander A Co; Charles E
Taylor: Wm Ms'loy; Gardner A Thornley : Bryan
Shoe Co-. Chinese merchants: J E 'Jpirdner; M J
Bra idensein ; A J Praeger A Son; Kahn Bros ; E
R Lane; Burns Bros; Bancro.t. Whitney* Co:
Xem A Co: L F Metzner; Scbwabacher Bros: W
P Morgan: WTGarrait; Wells. Fargo <fe Co : Cal
Wine Asm: Oregon Imp Co: Parrott A Co: Berry
Bros; Pacifi • Ammonia and Chemical Works: Da
vis Bros; os Day it co.
Per < ipsy-H Cowell A Co: California Paint Co;
Western Roll PaperCo; A W Fink A Co; William
Coffey.
Per Noyo— Enterprise Brewery; C B Lashella;
s Marks: Union Lumber Co; A G Ramastuith; J
A Henderson
I erSunol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; order;
Wheaton. Breon A Co: re ier.c_sr.ii Brewery:
Simpson Lumber Co: SII Frank A Co; National
Brewery: li Levy A Co: H J Allen.
Per Cr scent City— DX A E Walters: Norton,
Teller Co: Hllmer. Bredhoffit schulz: Bancroft,
Whitney* Co; Thomas Loughrftti; Hobbs, Wall
A Co: HNTllden&Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAfISBIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY' A-J*.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: mSOBO.
For Mary Island, l.orlng. Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. St., Feb. 10, 25,
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, An&cortes and
New Wl atcom (Heilinebnm Bay, Wash.), 9 a. __
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Ta<-oma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with O.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), sir. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 6,9, 13,
17. 21, 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San l.uls Obispo), Uaviota. Hants
Barbara, Ventura. Hueueme, san Pedro, East san
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
Feb. 3. .7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For nan Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Aneeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1,5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Maztulan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. St. 25th of each month.
'Ihe Company reserves the right to chance with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours or sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ,-.•—>''
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agents.
.*'•*.- ■ • 10 Market s:., San Frnncisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
E^OlFt'T'l-.^-k-IXr 3D
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
FAPir* 18 ■*'i"t--l»9- Including
_*\XVX_\S« second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder .•. Feb. 12, 23
State of California Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggaje to all
Eastern points. Kales and folders upon applies
lion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
. _ 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Snperlntt-tidents
PS! §=!_--*-__-< S* s *. AUSTRALIA Tor
* _Fffi--fi3£ 5° N , ° L v L U only!
Cfc ■»_*-« * Tuesday, Februar.- __.
3 m. -. at ■*■ "*■ st. Special party
nME-IJlSlilD-J Ihe*. S. ALAMEDA
(-"IWIIIIJIilt" talls -,___ HONOLULU
(OlFlpß3p!2ih Hal AUCKLAND for
VyiiJJU «sp SYDNEY. Thursday
Vi rcli 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLG ARDIS, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
south Africa.
J. li. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO- Agents.
* . . 114 Montgomery stree*.
Freight Office, 327 Market st. (tan Francis...
CO-IPAGSIE GE JERAL TRMS.ITI_UTIIjL'i
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH _-*-«-_
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by *-E&s3_
this line avoid both transit by English railway an!
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
0 * 1 * , xsew York to Alexandra. Egypt, via Paris,
first class 60. second class $116
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a.k
LA OASUOONK. March*.. 5a _.
LA RRETAGNF. March l; 84 . J
LANORMANDIE Mar hi. 0, sa. £
_ar lor further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
-»-.-. . °" 3 * Bowling Green. New Yorlt
J. F. FUGAZI A CO, Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Fianclsta
STOCKTON STEAMERS -
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tin
„^_ to .:3i> P.M.
Star Accommodations Reserved by Tel .phone.
The only lin. se.lin,. through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points on Valley
Railroad.*---- ."•-; "
_• p STIiAMEI-H:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805.- Cm. Nay. nod imp. Oe
FOR VALLEJO AID U. S. fIfAYYYAED.
STEAMEK "MONTICELLO."
Daily ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p ml
£•»"*»*■ • "10:30 a.m.. If«
Sundays >. 8 , J
-Landing Mlsslon-stree- Dock, Pier 2.
'. Telephone Black 261.
■Trip gives 6 hours a'.ou at Navy- Yard.
FOR 3.1S JO.xE; LOS ?J T0S * SAXTACRCZ
OTEAMER ALVISO LKAVEs Bl_sxi \ ,v
•Ouay. Wednesday. Frldav at 1(1 a w _1 .*
1 uesdar. Thursday: Saturday. «8^ A M^ f~, V .h.
and Pasjenger. Fare between S__ *>ikc,S?____
RAILROAD TRAVEL
BOVTHKKK -TAfIFIC <'«»**l **.*▼.
(PAUIKKI MYS'I-KM.)
. rf\ln» Inur nuil me ilue lo iirrlfc st
KAN numiiMCo.
leavb — Irqx February 16, 1897 — ab-~»J|_^
*S:VM»/v Ni:,s, Sa:* Jos. and Way Stations... »--**)Ei ■
«_:O.A Atlantic Express. Ogden and pKs-S.. iSim.Hr
, :OOa DeniciA Vacaville, Rums-. y. So era-
meuto. OroTille and Redding via
Daris 6t43p
7:ZOa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
_ .... ..C'alUtoga and Santa Rosa 6*ia-»
»»..«*a HQea, Han Jose, Stockton, lono,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
._'-'« , TtliituiaandltKil lllutf .4:15?
»:JOA PeUrs and Milton •7:1»»
**•«'* A Haw Orleans K»i>r«r_p, Raymond (for
iosunutc), brosiio, Ra.ersiielil.
hantu llarltara, I a>3 Angeles, Dem-
J; K. El Pas.i. New Orleans and
I'.ai.t 4-4,1*
9:oi».v Martinez and 5t0ckt0n. . ...." ; '""■ 4t4..»
»:OOa Valk-jo ..........".'.'.■.'.* 6:13p
Nilus, Ban Joj e , Llvertnor.""and
Stockton 7«15i»
V : -? Sacramento River Steamers. .;*!**** •»•(»'(»?
l:OOi> N.ks, San Jose and i Ivermcre... *«-4.->a
1 1 :a»? Port Costa and Way Stations ... .... 4,54.i
- 4iUUp Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, 111 Vermin and «•
Santa Rosa Ma*
. 4-OOi* Bcnicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kni_hta Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville and Spipi.iiipuii'.i 11:13 a
4 1 ZOe Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles.
returning via Martinez Ili4-a
StOOp Lor Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los y._,
Angeles .- '"4SA
OtOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express -
for Mojav. and East _7*45 A
0:_Oe European Mail, Cgdan and East 9:-I.'«a
CiOOi* ll.ywanls, Nilesaud San .lose 7:I.V\
J7:00 _• Vallejo 17:43-
-7: OOp Oregon Express, SarrAir,eni.i), Marys,
ville. Redding, Portland, l'uget
Sound and Cast llilSs
«J10:0«p "Sunset Limit-id." Fresno, Los
Au.e'es. HI Pas.i, New Orleans
aua East 41 a "J i«
SANTA Cltl.'/ IHVInIOX (.Narrow Gsugf). '
Si in A Newark.* on ill. ..Spin. l
Boulder Cruz and Way
Stations .*» i,"nt_.
•BtlSp Newark. Cent.erville, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'lincipai Way
Stations • 1 l.ittta
4:l*'i* Newark, San Jose and l.os Cains ... '':->. a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
-Way Stations t~*2Qi»
COAST HI VISION llliinl A Townsrnd Ms.)
liil-A Nin .lose and May Stations (New
Almadou Wednesdays only) llSt****
»iI»A San Jose, Tr.s I'iuoa, .Santa Cruz,
Pacific Greta Tap-,) lUbles, San J
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and *
Principal Way Statious 7:00p
lOi-lOa San Jose and Way Stations *»:OOi>
ll:.t'*A Palo Alto and Way Stations a:.'o»
«a:3oi*Sati Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gllroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm:.,
Salinas.Montereyandl'acl.cGrove *I«':10a
":i::!0_* San Jose and Way Stations »:45a
•4:3oi* San lose and Way Stations •»:o**a
3:3oi* Sm . jnse and Principal Way Stations •**:43 a
0:::Oi- San Jose and Way Stations 0:33s
111;43i* S-.ii Jose and Way Stations '7:4 3
SAX LKAMIKO A.Mi IIAHVAItUS LOCAL.
t**6:b6A* ~~ 7 7:1 3 a
S:OOa I (0:43 a
lo.oOa I Melrose, Seminary Park, J?fjgj
"lioor Fifhbnr^SsnLeittt-ro »*J«g5
iimV \ and t 4.-451.
B:00p I ■«'«*. 5315
6:30p • mjwaras. 7i43p
7:«»0p [ 8i4.1l
8 " 0 °r !,_ .v _v . _r« 9:43p
0:OOp | < Runs through to Mies. 10:3 Op
ttll'lSP^ * FromNUes. I mgrgOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS Fai:iC!SCo— Foei of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:30 13i00
•i:00 15:00 *6:o3r.ii.
rromOlIUHD— Foot of Eroidwty,— *. : 00 3:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 »1:00 13:00 *3:00 J»:00
*5:001.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
• t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
Truer-ays and Saturdays. {Sundays and Thursdays.
SIS FRAi\CISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
liburon Ferry— Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. -_.*. 19tS%
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra tritt
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5-
-and 11:30 p. X.
BDNDAYS— B*oo, 9:30, 11:00 a. is.; 1:301 3:30,
6:00, 6:.op. __
San ICafnel to «"»n F"r«ncl«co.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:_o, 1110 a. _, .
12:45,3:40,6:10 P.M. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1 :55 P. M. and 6:35 P. it. "* ,
BUNDAVS- 8:tO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:401 1
6:00,6:25 p.m. .. -J
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Parle sams 1
schedule as above. \
i * aye Tn effect Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 14, San snclsca
Week I Sun- T. 1 t ?_S Ion _ Suit- I W__-T
Days. I days. destination. | BAY^ | p AYa ,
7:30 am 8:00 AM J Novate 10:40 am' 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 I'M | Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm 6:22 Pie
Fulton, ' ~~
7:30 am Windsor. 10.26 am
Healdsburg,
i ytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 ru 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 PM 6:23 pic
Pleta, "
1 Honland _t
7:30 am| 8 :00 am | Ulcia-u | 7:36 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami I 10:35 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 PM| | 6:32 pm
7:3oamB:ooam | Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 PM 6:22 pm
7:30 am 18:00 am Sena.,™, 110:40 AMI 10:3 AM
3:30 1 5:00 pm *-**>astopol. | 6:10 PM | ti:2 2rst
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyservllle for mca*-gs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelsevville, Soda Bay and j-alceport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs; a.
Ckiah for Vichy' Son rigs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
"Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Eullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot- Springs, Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Osal, win eta. Cahto, Cm-
velo. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red uoed
rates.
Un Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half races.
Ticket Offices, 650 Markets*., Chronicle building.
A. W. FOSTER. B. __. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agent,
Atlantic *@|pi^
r*fc • _»• jf**s) Jwh^tf
\J *Z\ C< tV % H iF>^Wa_is___k
RAILROAD
Trains leave anj arrive at __BE!§_sCTSS^___bs
«arkei.-Street Ferry. i_-__..^?_S_^rl__!
SAJITA FFEXPRESS. S^^
X Chicago via A. & P '^^^^i
Leaves da a: 6: jo p. M..carrvlnz Pullman Maa
Drawing-room and .Modern Upholstered Tonrtlr
Sleeping-cars, whicn run dally through to Chicara
"rta Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and au
Louis. v ""
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, CWcag-,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave ever*
li.esday. "™
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ilea: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Sau Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building:.' Telephone Mala
1031* o*___lp-ud, lilts Broadway.
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1891
WEEKDAYS
For Mill Valley and san Kafa.l— S7*2s, 'ens,
11: oa. M. »1:45, 3:45, *5:1 *j :46, 6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for 8« i Kafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11-.SO p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sen Bafael— *B:oo, *10
•11:3. .. m.: *1;'0. 3:00, *4:.:0. 6:15 P. m.
irnlt.s marked * run to san Quentiu.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a m
weekduys, 8:00 a. m. tsuudays, 1:45 p. m. satur-
lor Caz-idero and war stations— 7:2s a. H. week-
days; 1:45 p. St. u rda > a. .
piLPAIS.
Trains connect witU North Pa.nl is.
Coast Railroad. *"•*■•
WEEK DAY 6— Leaves. F. 9:l*i A . M. f l*4% -_,
-.- ] ?* turn,n Ar.lve *■ '"'• 3:25 p m. 6:20 »* w
SUNDAYS-Le«veS.F.BA. M 11:30 a. m. i *30^.5"
Returnlns;— Arrive S.P.I :15 p. M 4:20 PM 7-ifiL „
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ' uru i
-.iiiT,".?-* couK * ! " ON& - 621' Market «., 8.V.1
Mid Valley and Mount Tam-lpals acinic -U-,t*_jA
mi. .Ni4"Fit'.H , m j.AQuir
IALLEV KAILWArcOHPAW
F^, M ru J A d^*1 IIY 31 ' 1837 ' -»»»r trains
southbound. Stat'ons x.-___. a
! 9 x : .toAM -"-Merced.; ,•;::-:: §:j^ i
U'tol M..V.V..V ¥re r , C MO ? : ,,1 P *
x-.iuA m m ■-••- Fresno l*io» __
■ < For Intermediate stations s»_~h_*_:
Connecting ste_uibo-t. oT^.a' T'al CO.
leave BauFrsjtclaco ana s*oc_,K»at «'* M.asMsFINALE OF THE
CITY COUNCIL
Ignores the Desire of
Voters to Express Their
Opinion.
Citizens Wish to Be Allowed a
o I c Free Preferenc3 of Repre
sentatives.
Mercantile. Bcdies Do Naturally
What' They Decline lo Do
- Compulsorily.
Oakland Office Sat* Francisco Call,)
908 Bioadway. Feb. 21. '
The action of the City Council last
Wednesday night in refusing to let the
matter of Sunday closing of saloons go be
fore = the people is certainly the most re
markable piece of legislation that ha-*
come from the City Hall. The result of
the question would have been to secure a
definite Idea of the sentiment of the voters.
Tben again, it was not for the guidance
Of the present Council, but of its succes
sor;' again, it was the expressed wish of
certain members of the Council two years
°»pb that the matter should be submitted
-m the people before the Council took upon
Tj.j.lf the reapon.ioility of closing the sa
loons on Sunday by ordinance.
Yet the Councilmen who are now going
around telling the electorate now anxious
they are to thoroughly represent the people
refused to give that same people an oppor
tunity of expressing their opinion at the
polls. Many people think that If a major
ity of voters voted for Sunday-closing that
the matter would be settled at once, but
this is not so. The proposition was simply
ito allow the question to go before the
people so that the next Council might be
guided by the result.
The question that arises from the action
of last Wednesday does not go to the mer
its or demerits of Sunday closing. Even
this question, important as it is in the
eyes of many people, is of seconaary
weight compared to the significance of de
nying the voters tbe privilege of express
ing their opinion even after tne City At
torney had stated that it could legally be
done. The motive that actuated the ma
jority of the Council need not be discussed,
and the possible result of such a vote is a
matter of indifference when compared to
the injustice of denying a representative
body of citizens the right to record their
preferences for the guidance of those who
profess to rapresent them. The presump
tion that naturally arises is that had the
question been public parks instead of sa
loons the right, of expression would still
have been withheld.
A few months ago a suggestion was
made in this column that if the mer
chants of Oakland ever accomplished any
. thing of merit, it would be by the united
action of all the mercantile bodies. This
suggestion has inadvertently been fol
lowed. There is a Merchants' Exchange
and a Board of Trade, and for a long time
there was a feeling between them that
could scarcely be called harmonious, al
' though it was not exactly jealousy and yet
it was. However, when it became neces-
Vit "--as. some steps be taken to acquire
*ary for some steps to be taken to Acquire
something for this city tbe natural thing
took place and all united.
: This has been apparent on many occa
sions and was first manifested in the ques
tion of public parks. The committee hav
ing this in hand fs composed of members
of both bodies and of the Good R ads As
sociation. Then came the question of the
Valley Railroad, and a similar joint com
mittee was -appointed; then came the
State Fair project, and still another joint
committee; then there was some indorse
ment needed for several bills before the
Legislature, and this was done at joint
meeting. Now the question arises, why
should two sets of headquarters and offi
cials be maintained when the fact is recog
nized that success can only be assured by
all pulling together? Stuart W. Booth.
Y. • M. I. CELEBRATION.
Fine Programme to Be "tendered at the
Exposition.
* OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 21.— The Y. M.
T. councils of this city will hold a demon
' stration at the exposition building to
, morrow night. The programme is as fol
lows: Overture, orchestra; opening ad
dress, Chairman R. H. Hammond, presi
dent Oakland Council, No. 6; vocal solo
"The-Palm Song," Frank Valeria; vocal
trio, "Morning Invitation," J. W. Soien,
W. J. Rattigan and G. E. Hay ward: vocal
solo, "-Waiting" (Millard), "Mrs. M. "W.
Carr; overture, orchestra; oration, "The
Spirit of the Constitution," James H.
Barry; quartet, "The Sword of Bunker
Hill," J. W. Solen. W. J. Rattiean, G. E.
Hayward and J. F. Cone, St. Mary's Col
lege; chorus, "Three Cheers for the Red,
"White and Blue," by the audience; music,
orchestra.
The ushers in charge of tbe affair are:
George L. Doolan, chief usher; Council
No. 6— D. J. Hallahan. F. D. Moore, Ed
Skain, B. McElroy, T. P. Hogan; Council
No. B— J. Giilick, J. Conroy, Harry Lut
t'.ll, John Connolly, Thomas Mulcabey;
/Council No. 31— John J. Mulgrew, Dr. B.
■Stetson, A. Kretz, John Moran, George
IL.mb.
. m * .
ATHLETES CELEB BATE.
Washington* Birthday Remembered at
St. Mary's College.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— athletic
•association of St. Mary's College cele
brated the birthday of the "Father of his
country" last evening by a literary and
musical programme. The music was of
• a hi.h order of excellence and reflects
credit oh Professor Schorcht, the musical
director of the college.
The college quartet rendered several
selections and was repeatedly encored.
The elocution of the students in the vari
ous numbers was characterized by force,
.'distinctness and gracefulness of action.
'L he young thespians who donned the
* "socks and buskin" in the "Hidden Gem"
acquitted themselves admirably. The of
ficers of the association are: President,
J. W. Solon; vice-president, J. F. Cone;
secretary, C. J. Mogan; treasurer, T. H.
Donovan; field captain, W. J. Hani ..an.
Crashed His Foot.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— Bert Cas
bold, a lad 11 years old, met with an acci
dent this aiternoon that will cost him a
I nib and may end fatally. He was play
ing in the railroad yards among the cars.
One of his companions in a spirit of fun
1 led out a coupling pin and when the
freight train was started young Casebold
was between the detached cars. As soon
J the trainmen discovered thattheir train
1 as broken they backed up the locomo
tive and the lad's leg was caught between
/he bumpers. It was badly crushed and
nhe doctors at the Receiving Hospital de
cided t at amputation was necessary.
Casebold is a pupil of the Prescott school
and hie father is foreman at the railroad
roundhouse.
To-day's Parade.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— A1l the ar
rangements for to-morrow's parade were
"•completed to-night and thegrand marshal
announced that there would be no
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
changes from the programme published
in full last Friday.
The various divisions will form south of
Seventh street on Broadway, and the word
to advance will be given at 10:30 a. h.
BUSY BUEGLAES.
Three Stores Entered ami ltobbed Sat
urday Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— There were
three burglaries reported to the police to
day. During the previous night Ned
Thayer's saloon on Eighth street was en
tered and the till and nickel-in-the-slot
machines were robbed. The thief entered
by prying open the entrance door.
W. 11. Stannels, who keeps a saloon on
the old county road, reported that his
place was entered and money, jewelry and
diamonds worth $300 were taken.
The grocery-store of J. H. Lange at Fif
teenth and Cypress streets was also en
tered and some _oo_s were stolen.
Blole.tl-Car'eton Nuptial*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— Instructor
F. T. Bioletti of tbe department of agri
culture at the State University was mar
ried yesterday to Miss Eugenic Carle.on
at Si. Mark's Episcopal Church by Rev.
George E. Swan. Owing to the fact that
both lamilies are in mourning the wed
ding ceremony and celebration attending
it were very simnle. Tbey went south for
a fortnight on their honeymoon. Upon
their return they will live in Berkeley.
DR. ALGER WILL PREACH
Berkeley to Have a N- w Pas.or
lor the Unitarian
Church
A Man Well Known as a Forcefu
and F.uent Speaker and a
Profound Thinker.
BERKELEY, Cal., Fen. 21.— The pul
pit of the Berkeley Unitarian Society is
soon to be filled by Dr. William R. Alger,
one of the ablest divines and exponents
of advanced thought in the country. He
has been engaged for a period of several
months, but it is believed he can be in
duced to remain permanently in the State.
Dr. Alger comes from Boston, where he
has lived almost continuously for the last
fifty year?, and where he has gained for
himself almost a National reputation
through his preaching and tbe publica
tion of a number of valuable works.
Chief among his productions is his "His*
tory of the Doctrine of Future Life," of
which fifteen editions of octavo size have
been issued. This work has been trans
lated into all the cultured languages of
the civilized world. Prominent among
his other works are his "Solitude" and
"Consolation."
Graduating with honors from Harvard
in the generation* of men succeeding
Emerson, Dr. Alger belongs to what is
called the "bloom of Unitarianism."
He is In his seventy-sixth year. He has
lived to see Unitarianism change its basis
from broad theism to almost absolute ag
nosticism and has kept pace with the
times.
He is regarded as an "idealist" in phil
osophy, his views being more closely
allied to those of Thomas Aquinas than of
any other philosopher.
At about the age of 50 Dr. Alger suffered
a general collapse from overwork and
went to Europe for his health. Improv
ing much while there he returned and
again took up the work of a pastor, nut
this time in New York. Followine it for
a few years there he returned to Boston,
where he has remained ever since, preach
ing most of the time at Music Hall and at
Metropolitan Temple.
Six years ago he came to California and
was instrumental in building up the Uni
tarian Society at Berkeley, He will be
remembered as a fluent 'and pleasin.
speaker, having a remarkable power of
presentation. President Kellogg of the
State University calls him the modern
Cicero.
"IN KOKOPO" AGAIN.
Berkeley Students Will Keproduce
'Their Thanksgiving Bay Farce at the
Macdonough in- Oakland.
BERLELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— Active
preparations are being made by the
student-actors at the State University for
the presentation at the Macdonough Thea- J
ter, in Oakland, next Saturday evening of
the Thanksgiving farce, "In Kokopo."
The play has been completely revised and
recast, and a number of specialties have
been added. The performance will be
given as a benefit to the track athletic
team.
Following will be the cast under the
new arrangement:
Queen Yoyo Joe Rosborough
.lib-Jab. astrologer to the Queen... DeWlt H. tiny
J'abi.g, lord of the leisure hour Dudley Dean
Swattm, lord of the slipper Will C. Kussell
•.inchem. lord of the royal clncn. 1 .vim.-, .-»*.
tiyp, court jester. ..../ w "llam *-rallh
tele, Queen's private secretary.. Henry B. Qulnan
Leonora, daughter of Queen Fred A. Knight
Gertrude Cyrel \\ i .more
-i-thel Henry Briz/.ard
•** Benjamin 1i»,.»e.:
The Legit, a weary actor Sterling Carr
1 roubauor, with a love theme.Otto T. Wedemeyer
PROFESSOR GRIGGS LEOTUBEB.
__
He .--peaks on "Spiritual Perspective"
Before Berkeley Unitarians.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 2L—Professor
Edward H. Griggs of Stanford University
spoke before a large audience at the hall
of the Unitarian Society tbis morning on
"Spiritual Perspective."
His discourse was practically an exposi
tion of ethical doctrines, founded upon
fact and built up by philosophical reason
ing. For the elaboration of his address be
drew largely upon literature and profane
history, alluding directly to the Bible *
only once.
His address was more in the nature of a
popular lecture than a sermon. He dwelt
at ien.th on the idea that truth is a mat
ter of change of standpoint; that there is
no such thing as hara and fixed truth*
that truth depends upon man's horizon'
that as man advances in intelligence so
will his ideas of things spiritual advance
and that everything must De viewed in
the light of the whole before we can say
that there is a reality.
After Diseased Cattle.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— Dr. Her
bert N. Roweli, Berkeley's Health Officer
is determined that the people of the col
lege town shall not suffer from eating dis
eased meat and bacilli-containg milk. To
day be captured another sick bovine! and
he is now carrying on an experiment'with
the viscera to determine how near dead
the animal was while still being used as a
milch cow. When he has concluded his
experiments he will take his results before
the Town Board, in the hope of securing
the passage of a town ordinance making it
a misdemeanor, punishable by a heavy
fine, to sell or offer to sell diseased meat
or milk.
The doctor declares that the prime cause
of the numerous cases of typhoid fever
which have been prevalent ot late has been
unwholesome milk and meat. Much of
the milk has been diluted with impure
water and the meat has come from cattle
afflicted with tuberculosis.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
NEARLY DROWNED
IN THE CANYON
Manuel Pereisa Caught by
; the Flood While in
His Tent.
The Creek Rose Suddenly While
• Hi Was Sleeping Near
Hay wards.
He and His Tent Were Carried Off
by the Force of the
Water.
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call,)
•JOS Broadway, Feb. 21.". \
Manuel Pereisa was nearly drowned and
partly beaten id death by contact with
roots of trees last night in a gully near
Palomares Canyon.
For several weeks the Portuguese his
teen camping in a little tent on the banks
of a mall stream. He lias been working
on neighboring ranches and carried his
Manuel Pereira and His Tent, Washed Away by the Flood in
Palomares Canyon,
tent with him wherever be went. It was
a very light affair, barely sufficient to keep
out tbe hail and not sufficient to keep out
the rain, but it was all that he owned.
During the rains of the past week Man
uel Pereisa has frequently been forced to '
get up at nighttime and make additional !
anchorage for his tent, but this did not I
induce bim to change his quarters, for he |
was in a hole between two mountains and
was well sheltered from the fiercest of the
storms.
During the past four days the heavy
rains swelled the little creek into a stream
of goodly proportions, and the violent
rains of Thursday caused the water to
rise sufficiently to soak the handful of
straw, on which the lone rancher slept.
Manuel, however, retired as usual, but
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning the |
water rose several feet and rushed through
the canyon like a mill stream. Manuel |
was asleep at the time and was not aware
of the flood until bis tent was washed
away and he found himself being whirled ;
along the stream aad occasionally meet- i
ing with a blow from some piece of tree I
or roots as be was carried along the bank.
He nearly lost his life trying to recover |
bis old tent. His efforts were unsuccess-
ful and all his worldly belongings were
washed down the canyon ami have not
yet been discovered and probably never
will be.
A couple of hours later Manuel, half
dead with fright and almost frozen to
death, walked into Haywards and was
glad to sleep in a warm stable with some
horse-blankets to cover him. His face is
badly cut and one of his legs is bruised
severely, and he is surprised that' he
should have succeeded in saving himself
from a most unpleasant death at mid
night in the flood.
LAUNDRY MEN TO COMBINE.
Chinese "May Take One House and I'<>
All Their Business Under One
-License.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 21.— The recent
rumors of the Chinese laundrymen com
bining and erecting a vast establishment
of their own are given little credence by
those who know tbe Mongolian's love of
the American dollar and his reluctance in
parting with tiny more of them than nec
essary. However the scheme 10 combine
is not unlikely to be carried to a comple
tion. The Trustees will probably pass the
ordinance now before them, fixing a
license that would be almost prohibitory
to them individually. In view of this
fact a move is now on foot to unite them
all in one big establishment, where one
license would serve all, and remove to the
opposite side of tbe estuary. The large
building, now occupied, has been talked
of, and would be suitable for such use. It
is located on the streetcar line, and just
outside of the city limit*!. This is what
the Board of Health had in view when it
recommended the license. Railroad ave
nue will then be straightened, and the
ramshackles torn down.
Washington's Birthday.
, ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 21.— The Board
of Trustees will not meet to-night, as it is
a legal holiday. Unless a special meeting
should be called they will not meet until
March 1. All of the offices in the new
City building Kill be closed, as well as the
library. The rostotfice will be open from
Bto 10 a.m. and the carriers will make
one delivery of the mails. Business gen
erally will be suspended, but the stores
will remain open during the forenoon.
Last Lecture in the Course on Egypt
The course of lectures on K^ypt being given
at the Young Men's Christian Association by
Rev. Haslcett Smith will conclude with a lec
ture at the Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, tnis evening on "lite Pyra
mids and Pyramid Builders." Mr. . Smith's
lecture will be made still more interesting by
the display of many beautiful ctereopticon
views ol these great monuments which stand
not only as monuments in honor of the dead,
but as evidences of the great skill of this won
derful people. It is a subject which is inter
esting to ail and a large audience is expected.
AROUND THE DIAMOND.
The Violet* Pefeat the >an Francisco
Athletic Club by a fee.re of
12 to 6.
The San Francisco Athletic Club tried
an experiment yesterday that proved
costly. They allowed a young man by the
name of Fleming to pitch two innings for
them, and within that short time the
"southpaw" created a record that will
stand for quite a time. In the two innings
that he pitched the Violets stacked up
eight runs in this order: VS
! P. Kelly, one of the many Kellvs who
I compose the Violets, came to the bat and
after watching Fleming's windmill style
j of delivery was given his base on balls.
; Kennedy by reaching far out was able to
j make a neat sacrifice hit, advancing
Kelly. O'Day sent a pop fly to Van Nord-
I man, and that gentleman gathered it in
| neatly. Sweigert was given his base on
I balls and filling the base-. Egan was hit
I on the top of the head and smilingly took
his base, allowing F.Kelly to "score. J.
j Kelly a so took a ba-e on balls, forcing
j Sweigert home, and Kronck went to first
!on called bulls, l'i.zpatrick went out on
a lly to Sheehan and ended the inning,
1 be Athletic Club boys came to bat, but
| wen! out in abort order.
The next Inning proved .to be an easy
I thing for, tne. Violets'. Fleming could not
I get the pitching under control and in one,
j two, three order the Violets went to first
ion balls or by being bit by the pitcher.
j When the procession around the bases
I ended the Violets bad six more runs to
their credit, and had not Raymond, their
regular pitcher, gone to the box the Vio
let*- might have Been running yet.
The Athletic Club boys did all they
could to even up the score, but Pitapat
rick pitched a steady game and held them
down to five hits.
The Athletic Club team was able to pile |
up six runs, but strive as they might they
were unable to overcome the tremendous {
' lead given by ticir experiment.
At no stage of the came was there any ]
sensational playing. It was evident that i
both teams suffered from a lack of prac
tice, and this may be attributed to the |
stormy weather of the past week.
The Athletic Club mado a mistake in
putting Fleming in the box. The young
man gave evidence of being an excellent
; pitcher, but seemed to be sadly in n.ed of
j practice.
The playing of Sweigert and Ford at first
I were features. The following is the score:
S. F. Violets A.B. R. B.H. S.B. r.o. A. K.
! F. Kelly, b. a 3 2 0 2 0 4 3
! Kennedy, 2b. <fee.. 6 13 0 111
'/Day, 1. * 6 10 0 2 0 1
Sweigert. 1 b 3 3 0 0 13 1 0
Kgan. c. t. A 2 b. . .. 3 2 10 12 1
;J. Kelly, 3 b 5 2 0 0 6 3 1
Krouck. <-. Ac. r.... 3 0 2 0 4 0 1
| Fitzpatr.ck, p 6 0 1 o 1 4 o
Kelly, r. 1 4 1110 0 0
Totals 37 12 8 — ___
Totals 37 12 8 3 27 16 8 !
S. _"_ Athletic.. A.B. K. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. R.
Sheebao, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
>;.i liinaii, 3 b 6 0 2 0 2 6 0
le so,r. t 4 10 0 10 1
Johnson, s. s 6 2 110 6 2
Van -Nonhnan, 2b. 4 2 0 0 3 2 0
, Ford, 1 b 4 0 0 0 10 1 2
I (ilanlni, c. f. 6 1 1 1 1 1 i
Drcii-, c. 2 0 0 18 a 0
Fleming, p. 0 0 0 0 o 0 i
Raymond, p 6 0 10 0 2 1
Totals 37 6 6 8 27 18 i
9. F.Violets 2 6 0 0 0 3 0 0 I—l 2
Base hits 0 2 0 0 0 8 11 1--
S. F. Athletic Club. 0 002 2 000 2—6
Base hits. 1 1001020 0-6
BU.-iBT.
Earned runs— Violets 4. Sacrifice hits—Ken
nedy 2, T. Kelly, Fltzoatrick. .lrst base on errors—
a F. Athletic Club 6, Violets 6. First base on
called ba Is— S. F. Athletic Club 8. Violets 8.
Left on bases— S. F. Athletic Club 11, Violets lo!
fc.ruc- out— Fleming 1, Kayraonpi 4. Fltiiiatrli.lt 4'
lilt by pltcher-Egan 2, T. Kelly, Olanini, O'liay."
Double plays— sweigert (unassisted), J. Kelly to
Sweigert, Passed bails— Dreus, KroDclc 2, Ken
nedy 1. Time of game— Two hours. Umpire-
McDonald.
The California Markets and United
States Regulars will play baseball at Cen
tral Park to-day. The line-up will be as
■ follows:
Cal. Market. Positions V. S. Regulars.
Murphy Firs: base. Kelly
l.anntgan Second base Cameron
Smith shortstop.' Frey
Lee... I hint base ."..".'."Little
'burg Pitcher Peddicord
Strteb Catcher. Noyes
McMenomy- Bight field ,','„.. Oil son
Spencer Center field Meyers
Hearty Lett field Haines
Waterbury Extra Wheeler
Umpire— James McDona'd.
Cornell to Have a lag Celebration.
ITHACA, N. V., Feb. 21.— Cornell Uni
vcrsiiy is preparing for a big celebration
on Monday. The programme will be:
Opening remarks, President Schurman;
pre.-entation of portraits of distinguished
jurists, Hon. Andrew D. White; accept
ance on behalf of the College of Law, Hon.
Francis M. Finch; address on Chief Jus
tice Marshall, Hon. Henry B. Brown, As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
I. and Selections Approved.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 21.—Secre
tary of the Interior Francis has approved
selections of lands to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company aggregating 53,357
acres. The list approved is in accordance
with the Secretary's letter of ttie 12th
Inst., directing tbe Commissioner of the
General Land Office to patent lands to this
road, as its security-holders have guar
anteed to the Government ever $45,000,000,
the amount due the Government from the
Union Pacific.
TO CUBS A tni.li IN OXK'DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gib ts teiund the muuey It it i_i_j u> cure, __c.
SCORED FROM
MANY PULPITS
Pastors Open the Campaign
in Favor of Closing
Saloons.
Dr. Coyle Reviews the Action
of the Council in Forcible
Language.
Declares Their Cause Was Betrayed
by Two Members Who
Broke Promises
Oaki.anp Office San Francisco Call,)
0,8 Broadway, Feb. 21. J
The campaign against the saloons was
actively commenced from the pulpits of
this city to-day. Being disappointed at
having the Sunday-closing question elimi
nated from t c ballot to be used next
month the pastors and Christian Endeav
orers have decided to secure as laree a
vote a. possible on the mutter of absolute
prohibition that will be voted upon.
To-day Rev. Robert Whitaker of the
Twenty-third avenue Baptist Church,
Rev. Dr. Kumner of the First Methodist,
Roy. Mr. Sutherland of the Tenth-avenue
Baptist— all referred to the matter and
urged an active campaign against the sa
loons, so that a vote would show the
Council just how the public feeling
stands.
Rev. Dr. Coyle of the First Presbyterian
Church bad announced that be would
handle the matter at length, and his
church was crowded this morning. He
said:
If my lips could utter all that Is in my soul
this morning, you would not lack for elo
quence. My heart hints. It throbs in wild
rebellion, and no words can express its burn
ing indignation. A similar fire i am sure
flames in many of your breasts. i saw flashes
of it the other night in this room when a mes- j
senger brought us the news from the City
Hall. We had planned for the Sunday closing
ot the silnoiis, prayed for it, spoken for it,
hoped for it. petitioned lor it, and were as
sured 'hat the matter would be at least sub
mitted to the people. When, therefore, after
all the promises that had been made and all
the assurances that had been given, word was
brought to us that our petition was denied
and that we were not to have even the small
privilege of voting upon it, is it any wonder
that wo were hot with indignation?
Two years ago when the fight was on — this
same fight for the Sunday closing— we were
told by the members of the Council that it was
a question of too much importance to be de
clued by them; that they could not take the
responsibility of passing such a measure, but
if the people wanted it, as good and loyal ser
vants it would give them pleasure to carry
out the people's will. Some of us were slmpie
enough to believe them. We had a petition
circulated and very largely signed asking tne
Council to submit the matter and thus obtain
the popular verdict Willi what result you
know. Then another petition was circulated
asking that the saloons be closed seven days
outofthe week. It was not largely signed.
Many good people who hate the saloon and
would like to see it annihilated, felt that the
second petition called for something too radi
cal, too lar in advance of public sentiment to
' accomplish anything, and so withheld their
; signatures.
But these Councilmen— the same two that
I disappointed and deceived us before— voted
I the other night to omit the Sunday closing
! question from the ticket aud submit the ques-
I tion of closing the saloons altogether. rim*.
j they played right into the hands of the liquor
: dea.ers. Th knew very well that Sunday
I closing was the thitig the people were demand
i ing, but in the face of it all they voted to submit
; the minority petition, to the great delight of
' every saloon-keeper and liquor dealer in town.
1 ii.vi: no doubt there wus jubilee among the
; members of the California Protective Associa
tion and the iriends of the liquor traffic when
i they heard the news. Once more the church
j people and the K-duavnrers and temperance
; advocates were checkmated, their plans de
| feated, their hopes bellied, their schemes
I turned upside down, and the saloon on top.
Hut while I am disappointed and indignant
lam not by any means cast down. It may be
! that this latest outrage will so arouse the de
, cent people of this city as to crystallize all
I temperance sentiment into solid and uncom
promising opposition to the open saloon. I
hope so, and if my words can do anything to
bring about such a result they will be gladly
spoken. It is relet* of Napoleon that when
in the midst of his wonderful Italian cam
! paign an officer rode up to him with the an
i nouncement that the battle was lost. "Very
well," said Napoleon, "there is yet time before
the sun goes down for another fight." Before
nightfall the great Corsican left the field a
victor. So in this warfare against the saloon
there Is yet time for another battle, and who
will be so faint-hearted as to say that we can
not win? At any rate we propose in God's
name to try, and we shall do it in the con
sciousness that no faithful effort for the right,
though It be apparently futile, can ever be in
vain.
Here in Oakland we have 200 saloons and
the police report shows that in a list of sixty
nine different offenses there were 1210 convic
tions for drunkenness alone during 1800. A
large number of these were women. Thus the
figures show that about half of all the convic
tiors durirg the year came from the too free
use of sin drink.
And this Is the power— the plotting, pillag
ing, plundering power— that triumphs and
! flaunts defiance in the face of the chinch and
j of decency and holds politicians end people in
j captivity. lam not putting it extravagantly.
1 It iii'S thrown down the gauntlet and forced
| the Issue and said to us: "Sunday closing is
\ km eked out. Now see what you c<in do
j toward closing the saloons altogether. This is
your chance, I defy you."
How that challenge will be met I do not
know and I dare not predict. I only know
tbat the dictatorship of the saloon in mu
nicipal and State affairs is a very real and
shameful thing. Newspapers are afraid of it.
Candidates are afraid of iv Parties are afraid
ot it. Business Is afraid of it. Read the plat
forms of the politicians and the declarations
of aspirants for office. Not a word, not a hint
about the liquor traffic. I understand very
well that in some rare Instances it is the part
of wisdom to say nothing, and nothing is said
because speech would only do harm ; but in the
great majority of cases silence is only another
way of spelling saloon. In the great majority
of cases political papers and p.atiorm-makers
and office-seekers are silent because they are
in bondage to this accursed liquor power.
We want the advantages and attractions of
this city to be made known. For this purpose
we are sending facts and figures out over the
country. Next July tens of thousands of En
deavorers will be here from every section of
the continent, and if they could carry back
the news to the East that Oakland bad so
much regard for dtcency ana good order, so
much regard for its homes and young people,
that it had closed its saloons altogether, it
would do more to advertise this city and fill
up its streets with desirable people than any
thing else. I tell you it is open saloons and
desecrated Sabbaths and low moral sentiment
that are keeping home-seekers away from Cali
fornia.
But, you say, Oakland gets a revenue of
$75,000 a year from its 200 saloons. Close
them up altogether and this will be cut off and
hence taxes will have to be increased to raise
money enough to run tiie city. Weil, that is
practical, and let us think of it a little. A
leading member of the Council told me during
the past week that it is safe to say that each
saloon takes in over its bar an average of
$15 a day. That make- over $1,000,000 a year
diverted from channels of productive industry
and legitimate business— over $1,000,000 a
year paid into the saloons of Oakland.
Now do you not see that if the saloons were
closed a very large proportion of that money
would be spent for groceries and dry goods
and clothing and things that would enhance
the business welfare of the City. Some of it
of course would still be spent for drink, for
men who want liquor very badly are bound to
have it. But I contend that the closing of the
.a'oous altogether would leave far more
money. to the City than is now derived from
license.
Another thing which I want you to be clear
about. This is not prohibition. It has noth
ing whatever to no with the family use of
wines and liquors. What you may choose to
do under your own roof and when you sit
down at your own table is not the present
question. No one proposes to interfere witb
you there. The fight is against the open sa
loon. We have suffered its insolence and dic
tation long enough, and now, in God's name,
let us close up in solid line, nil of us who have
too much Kelt-respect, too much- manhood, to
be cowed and defied and trifled with by this
| power, and lien ourselves from it*- domination.
Auction Sales
SPECIAL ABOUOTENT!
Notice Is hereby given that on
TUESDAY. 11.11. 83, 1597,
At Chas. Levy & Co.* a Auction Ware-
rooms, 1 1 36 Market St., Ret. 7 and 8,
Comuienelng at 10 o'eke't a si., there will be sold
THK SUPERIOR FUitNI 1 URK,
Kicb Parlor Upholstery, Mantle, Mirror, Mi-rav-
ings. 2800 yards of nearly new Body Brussels
Carpets, Luce 1 er.ains, etc.. etc., of sixty roonn
removed from Sutter st. for convenience of sa.e.
Full particulars in Tuesday's papers.
CHASi LEVY * CO., Auctioneers.
ASSIGNEE SALE.
Notice Is hereby given that on
Wednesday, the -.th Day of Febru-
ary. 18.7.
At 10 o'clock a. m., we will sell
The Hotel Known an th« New Washing-
ton, 348 Fourth Street,
Comprising 120 Furnished Rooms, Barroom,
Dining-room" and Kitchen. The above will be 01-
-fered as a whole or in small lots, to suit pur-
chasers. House open for Inspection up to date
of sale. House In full running oner.
CHAS. LEVY* CO., Auctioneers.
GRID GROCERY AUCTION.
TO-MOKROW (TUESDAY) AT 11 A. M.,
LONDON TEA CO.,
40 THIRD STREET, N'K. MARKET.
Large'vailety and all fresh and salable. Horse,
Wagon, etc.
FRANK W. BUTTF.RFIELI). Auctioneer,
002 Market Hiree*.
MILITARY MARKSMEN.
A Large Gathering- of Riflemen at
the Shell Mound Shooting*
Range.
The military shots were out in large
numbers at the Shell Mound rifle ranee
yesterday and a number of good scores
were made. The coming match of 100
men to a side between the First and Fifth
regiments is keeping the musket shots
alive to their work. Soon alter the team
of the First- won the victory over the
Hawaiian National Guard the best men
of the Fifth came to the front and chal
lenged the winners for a contest under
similar conditions. The challenge was
taken up upon the condition that the
event should not take place until some
time in the sprint*. The reason for the
delay was that it would be too great a tax
to call upon the men of the First to pre
pare lor a second match so soon after the
first was shot off.
For all the promised delay the men from
both regiments are showing much inter
est in rifle practice and under the surface
there is no doubt some quiet preparations
being made to qualify with the chosen
one hundred. While there was but a
small representation of Company Lof the
First, .still tbe scores were good, as here
seen:
Captain Etrgert 43, Sergeant Goertzhain 43.
E. J. Leary 34, H. O. Leffmann 33. J. Lawlor
38, bergeaut Grundmau 43, J. S. Leffman 32.
Company A of the Fifth of Oakland sent
a good delegation to the range. This com
pany really has two matches on its hands
at the present time, both with Company
G of the Fifth of Alameda. The condi
tions are teen men to the team, ten shots
to each man. Tbe teams are to shoot for
a purse of $60. The first match will lake
place on the first Sunday in March at the
Park-street range, Alameda, and the re
turn match will be shot at Shell Mound
on the third Sunday in March. Company
A's score yesterday stood as follows:
8. Yost 25, F. M. Magill 43. Sergeant Mccor
mick 45, F. W. Peterson 3D, G. A. Langford 35,
G. W. brown 31, Corporal Moore 29, Corporal
l.ittletield 37, King 30, Grismore 31, Smith
37. Tail 42. Lieutenant E. Hunt 37, J. C. Ellis
82, C. Puckett 43. O. E. Puulter 30. H. Kohler
35, A. Jaliui_.au 41, Sergeant W. Downle 44,
\\. Dickers id 3«. I'arriti 38, S. A. Puckett 41,
Sergeant Strom: 41, Depoy '__, Sergeant Brier
40, Fellows 30. Captain Poulter 41. Sergeant
C. H. Ellis 31, Lieutenant Vaughn 45, V.Brink
41), d. Behrend 20, c. Brown 27, J. C. Bergner
34, G. W. Puckett 40.
Company F of the Fifth was also well
represented on the range. Some of their
scores were up to the average, as shown by
the annexed:
F. Schulz 30, L. Moreno 30, Corporal J. G.
Carney 31, F. Par-er 36, ' A, Uarbridge3s, W.
E. Blakeley 19, C. W. Scott 30, Carey 38,
Sctimarting 24, P. F. Johnson '15, R. Han. en
40, captain o. 11. Wethem 38, Sergeant C. C.
Covalt42, H. Parson 40, A. J. Harford 37, W.
Row i 41, J. McCrudileu 24, M. H. Morse 39,
Corporal A. W. Blakeley 31, G. Hanson 35, G.
Nickerson 40, Corporal I. Swanson 33, Ser
ceant 11. F. Bennett 30. W. Sears 34, F. How
land 41. P. Wbaite 33, E. 0. Williams 38, A.
Sears 42. C. R. Frazler 30, W. G. Leonard 19.
E. P. Wei. s 39. W. P. Griffin 31, McMilliati 27,
H. Gerrish 11, F. Waters 5, Bray 29, R. S.
Mudge 31, A. F. Hanson 31, J. Brew's 33, F. W.
Miller 31, Corporal M. D. Bird 30, C. P. Griffin
27, D. C. Preston 34, J. Gent 30, J. Lutgen 35,
Lieutenant W. 11. Cobbledlck 44, E. W. Da\'iS
25, Hitter ma un 0. A. X. Bre\vis42, F. Mitchell
39, Stevenson 31. Wenk 45, W. J. Wilson 33,
Ballister 18, J. Clark 10, _. W. Crew 19, J.
Magennis 43.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles
held a practice shoot, with the loliowing
results:
Sergeant David Russell 40, Corporal J. J,
Rogerson 41, James Smith 42. S. M. Cox 29,
M. Lane 25, P. Donahue 34, J. J. Loughrey 33,
John Green 40, W. P. Harmon 27. James
Loughrey 36, E. Rabid 35, J. D. J. Murphy 32,
Lieutenant Mannix 30, P. J. Marron 19.
Aside from the regular monthly medal
shoot of Company li (City Guard) of the
First Regiment, there was an interesting
private match anion*: six of the best shots
in the company. Tne conditions were
fifty shots to each man lor a purse of $25,
the winner to pay lor a French dinner for
the crowd. Charles Perry won the match
on 220 points. The scores of the others
were:BGeorge Herzmnn 207, C. Lindecter
198, Captain Filmer 215, E. Peppin 199.
G. Clam-sou ius 212. The company scores
were as follows:
J. B. Wear 40. G. Heinzman 42, C. Perry 44,
C. Lindecker 37. F. W. Taylor 40. C. H. Taylor
29, J. Miller 31, E. C. Cordell 39, G. Bell 11,
W. 1.. Overstreet 34, H. B. Sullivan 30, Captain
George Filmer 33, E. L. Filmer 43, A. E. Ap
thorpe 38, G. Ungerraan 39. W. H. King 40, E.
B. Peppin 39, A. McCullooh 36, S. Roberts 23,
F. E. Hawley 34, Woods 37, D. S. Briggs 39. L.
R. Townsend 40, Gtorge Claussenius 42, W. N.
Kelly 37. • _ , "vl •
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Company D of San Rafael Held Its
Annual Target Practloe.
Company Dof San Rafael, Fifth Regi
ment, N. G. C, held its annual target
practice at Schuetzen Park, near San Ra
fael, yesterday. Considerable interest was
taken in the shoot and a large number of
people were in attendance. Tne distance
was 200 yards. The following scores were
made:
F. B. Monlton 46, J. F. Robinson 46. F. J.
Jacobs 44, A. N. Boyen 43, F. Vanderbilt 42,
J. Dawbou 41, J. Jones 40, P. Treanton 40, J.
T. Bustin 40, J. N. Schlosser 40, J. E. Greaver
40, A. A. Smith 39, F. Mulhern 39,
F. •J. Murray 3_, 11. Iverson 37, S.
Robinson 37, F. Hotter 36, M. Johan
sen 36, J. P. Mulhern 36. S. . Eden 36,
F. Dieckman, 36; Mnstrup, 36; E. F. Murch,
35; A. Scott, 35; W. Elliott, 35; E. Smith,
34; R. E. Walsh, 34; W. Butterworth, 34;
Fietcher, 34; McCannish, 34; H. S. Dawi.v,
33; J. 8. Archer, 82; H. Rockier, 32; P. Le
Carnec, 31: J. Barron, 31; V. Cheda, 29; E.
Gardner, 28; W. Miller, 27; J. Hart, 26; W.
A. Goodeti, 26; G. Sand--, 23; A. Barrow, 18;
C. L. Coulter, 15; M. de Slarf, 11. .
The California Schuetzen Club held its
regular bullseye shoot yesterday. J. Kline
took the first prize, A. Utschig the second
and J. Utschig the third.
The Ab&sr&eens nt Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.— Lord
and Lady Aberdeen arrived at the British
embassy to-day where tbey will be the
guests of Sir Julian and Lady Pauncefote
for about a week. On Wednesday evening
the Embassador will give a brilliant re
ception to his distinguished guests. In
the interval several small dinners and
other entertainments will be tendered
the visitors and probably an informal
visit to the President and Mrs. Cleveland.
Lord and Lady Aberdeen have just come
from Nashville, Tennessee, where they at
tended the wedding of Major Majoribanks,
Lady Aberdeen's brother.
COMPLETE STOCK OF (.ROI'ERIES
To Bo Sold To-morrow, Tuesday, Feb-
ruary ;*:s, 1897, ai.d Weduesilay.
,--- F '- b * -4, 1M at 11 —. »., at
1057 MARKET Si., (MI 1 . JONES,
_.--- CONSISTING OF
Over 94000 worth of clean new goods In staple
and fancy articles. This s ork is the most c m-
plete and comprises the finest line of groceries
ever offered for sale at public auction, and we
recommend all buyers to inspect this stock before
the sale takes place. The canned goods bear the
names and are put up by the best known houses in
the country, and all imported goods are of superior
brands, in fact the stock taken as a whole Is of a
very line selection. -'. -. . "•-- - f •,
INDIANA AUCTION* CO.,
H. J. LKVTIieLTZ, Auctioneer.
1957 Market St., opp. Jones.
MUSIC. CORSETS.
BANKRUPT STOCK.
SEALED BIDS ARE INVITED FOR THE EN-
tlre stock of music, musical Instruments, cor-
sets, fixtures, etc., of the Pacific Music Company,
insolvent, at 816 Market street. Bids may
made for the whole stock or for the musical de-
partment separately from the stock of corsets,
etc., and from the fixtures, inventory of the
above stock on hie at the office of assignee's at-
torney, W. M. Wlile't Esq. 3:l. is' building, where
all bids must be left and where they will be opened
Tl*K*-liai, February 23, at . o'clock p. St. As-
signee reserves the right 10 reject any and a.l bids.
Terms: Cash on confirmation of sale by the
court; goods to be removed immediately there-
after. ' W. P. MUPA US, Assignee.
MANY TARGETS
WERE SHATTERED
Knights of the Scatter Gun
at the Olympic
Opening.
Lack of Familiarity With the
Grounds Made the
Scores Poor.
Over Seventy-five Shooters Faced the
Traps During the Day— Names
of Those Present.
The new grounds of the Olympic Gun .
Club at Ingleside were opened yesterday
under auspicious circumstances, a repre
sentative crowd of target-shooters being
present to take part in the various events.
Over seventy-five devotees of the "scatter"
gun faced the traps at different limes dur
ing the day, and, though few shot up to
their usual form because of a lack of
familiarity with the grounds and the
angles at which the birds were thrown,
all seemed to thoroughly enjoy the occa
sion. In addition to those who partici
pated in the matches and their lady friends,
there were present a large number of the
veterans of the trap who no longer take
an active part in the sport, but who are
never missing when anything unusual is
on the tapis. :*'■'■:■■
For an opening day the arrangements
were remarkably good, and very few
hitches of any consequence occurred.
There were six events on the card, all
being sweepstakes at inanimate targets,
the entrance fees varying from half a
dollar to three times that amount. The
first two events were nt fifteen singles, the
second two at twenty singles and the fifth
and sixth at ten singles.
Squad-shooting was the rule in all the
matches and the targets were thrown at
known angles. 'Purses were divided on the
percentage plan according to the number
of prizes. Those who participated were:
Messrs. Sands, Mack, Sniell, Fox, Merrill,
Carr, O. Feudner, Fanning, ? ett, Naumann,
Haight, F. Feudner, Durham, Ross, Mattson,
Whitney, Owens, Duke, Justins, Franzen, H.
C. Golcher, W. J. Golcher, Bosqui, Grant, E.
Schultz, Dunsher, Johns, Clabrough, Neu
stadter, Grubb.Weinman, Waller, Moore, Rus-t,
Allen, Newell, Knowies, Osborne, White, bald
win, King, Andrus, Potter, Cate, Forster,
Sloan, Alderton, Barney, Roos, Bcovern, Price,
Allen, Newell, Ingalls, Sharp, Mendenhall,
Kerrison, Wiegel, Walker, Eaton, Laid,
-Carney, Cadinan, Hall, Stultz, E. For«ter, F.
Fanning, Sylvester, Wenseli, Wagner, Hynes,
Lewis, Wilson, Brown Jr., W. Smith, McDon
ald, Maskey, Bruns, Bekeart.
There were no clean scores In the 2o an 1
15 bird matches, and but few in the
10-blid shoots, this circumstance being
due to the fact that only a limited num
ber of the shooters had ever shot over
th"se traps.
Few of the shooters attracted more
notice than Tod Sloan, the diminutive
knight of '.he saddle, who, followed by his
valet, sauntered on to tbe grounds) and
participated in a lew matches with indif
ferent success. .
NEW TO.DAT.
gnjffc In winter, when jfi&L
£^**£ the body needs J> J> <_®v»
3M& warmth within to Q*sL\
i&£ resist the cold rom *xK-i
p^fcj^ without, a cup of Jp^KS
Sigi Ghirardelli's ag£
f Ground gg*
gBl Chocolate pf
will be found in- C<g©
j£l*^ valuable. It pos- *-»*£?
/%>? sesses virtues all its fyfey
fcj 2 — freshness and Pt^ft
absolute purity — $*&$
v#w>| thus being far richer Nj£flK
Vsmi and more nutritious £??5
C2sW than others. §iC^_
fa? 2 ALL GROCERS *__£_/'
/^^|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i_»*BsM? i :?-?. EABXY * T - Established
KntiSS In l»3» lor the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Inl-pp*. lor the treatment of Private
In -' .'-us. Lost Manhood. Debility or
tS3jgj!*Vfs&*> disease wearingon body and mind
t *^ s *£S*r_ skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
»*_E;i'*f?^l Others faU - Try him. Charges low.
p:pKa__ > _-.'_<<.nrr-iinar»iii •■«' - - Callor-vrite.
, Wss.-t, a. vikliVN. -_•_, IBo7.ti«a F.*Bci-c<_
910
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
What Brokers Think of the
Tcrrens Land Transfer
Bill.
Shrewd Operators Are TakiDg
Advantage of the Present
Low Prices of Land.
The Outlook From Over the State for
Crops of All Kinds Is Ex
ceptionally Bright.
Most of the lending real estate brokers are
of the opinion that the Torrens land transfer
bill that is before the Assembly should become
8 law. They believe that the system which
has worked without hitch or break in Austra
lia, England, Canada and other countries,
where its use is either compulsory or permis
sive, and which has been adopted in Ohio an
other States, should be successful in Cali
lornia.
They claim that there Is no reason why the
transfer of land should be any more compli
cated or expensive than the transfer of any
other piece of property, yet under the present
system the cost and complications increase
■with every, sale or mortgage, it cos's now,
the agents claim, in some instances of the sale
of a piece of property, as high as $50 and even
$100 to get an abstract of title, and some
times as much more to get a lawyer to investi
gate the abstract and see that it is correct.
In California, where the titles are but a few
years removed from the original Government
ownership, the mortgage or transfer of a piece
of land proves a serious matter.
The agents are inclined to the belief that the
present system governing the transfer of land
should be abolished for such a system that
will prove a* little expense nnd as easy of
transfer as $20,000 worth of bank stock or a
$20,000 ship.
Real estate dealers, as a rule, continue to ex
press great confidence in the market. Some
of them are surprised that all investors do not
take the same hopeful view. They are par
ticularly annoyed at the want of interest dis
played on the part of some large capitalists
who hlegie over trifles, even when the trans
action has every appearance of a bargain.
They claim that just as soon as realty values
show an upward tendency these would-be buy
ers, who are now holding buck, will disp ay
unseemmg haste in getting to the front
Shrewd buyers know that this is harvest
season with them, and they are watching
their chances for go. den opportunities.
That the real-estate market Is likely to ex
perience a revival as the summer approaches
there is every reason to believe.
Those who have b -lieved hitherto that all
they had to do was to name their price and
wait for the seller to come down to it are now
beginning to realize that they have been wait
ing in vain. Prices will not jump up, but, on
the other hand, they will go no lower, and
those who i.i tend to buy cannot do better than
make up their minds that they will have no
better opportunity than the present.
It is a very old saying that to buy when the
market is down and to sell wnen It is up is the
way to get rich. The fact that prices are now
down must be patent to every one who pays
any attention whatever to realty. The infer
ence, therefore, that this is the time to invest
is obvious.
The outlook from all over the State for crops
of all kinds Is exceptionally fine, and should
no late frosts occur the farmers will have a
prosperous year. Already- the cherry and
almond orchards are in full bloom and the
crop will be an early one unless it is blighted.
In Fresno district the vineyardists are busy
pruning. and the vines are In splendid condi
tion. The only serious drawback to the grain
crop of the State, is the overflowing of about
100,000 acres of wheat laud in the Rio Vista
or tale district. Under the most favorable
conditions, it will be at least two weeks be
fore the water is off, and it would then be too
late to sow wheat. Barley or rye, however,
might be planted after that time so as to pro
duce a good crop. The grain crop all over the
country will be very heavy this year as a large
additional acreage has Deen planted and is
looking well.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were 113 deeds recorded during the
week.
The mortgages for the same time numbered
nin.ty-nineand aggregated $397,219. Among
them were the following: By Lipr-man Sachs
to Cheries Allenberg et al., $14,000 for two
years at 7 percent per annum on property at
the southeast corner of California and
Quincy, 53:6x95 feet; by W. A. Frederic*- to
M. J. R. Moon, $0000, on property on the north
line of Page street, 131:3 ieet west of Cole,
west 31x137:6; by the Citizens' Building and
Loan Association to Hattie A. O'Brien,
$5000 for six years at 7 per cent on
property on the east line of Stevenson
street, 85 ieet south of Hermann. 50x77:0;
by William Ede to Orville I). Baldwin, $10,000
for one year at 6 per cent, on property on the
northeast corner of Eddy and Polk streets,
east 55 by north 120; by the Hibernia Bank
to Albert Gallatin, $9250 for one year at
per cent, on property on the south line ol
Union street, 137:6 east oi Pierce, east 137*6
by south 137:6, on the northeast corner of
Green and Pierce streets, north 137:6 by east
103:6, on the northwest corner of
Point Lobos and Forty-third avenues, north
62:10 by west 105:3, on the south
west corner of A street and Forty
fourth avenue, southwest 310:1, west 185.
northeast 317:6. east 83:7, on the southeast
corner of A street and Forty-fourth avenue,
south 314:2, east 85, northeast 330, west
169:6; by the German Bank to William H.
Howard, $110,000 for one year at 7 percent,
on properly on the southeast corner of Clay
and Sausome streets, east 109, south 59:9,
-as- 2:4, south 59:9, west 111:4, north 119:6;
•v John W. Van Bergen to Josephine Bobbas,
6848 for one year at 7 per cent, on property
on the north line of Sacramento street, 137:6
west of Lyon, west 26 by north 127:8%; by
the estate of A. C. Whitcomb to John li. and
Mary Ellen yon Sehroeder, $10,000 to Septem
ber 28, 1899, at 7 per cent, on property on
the southwest line of Sixth street. 30 feet
south east of Minna, southeast 50 by south
west 75, and on the southeast line of Minna
street, 75 feet southwest of Sixth street, south
west 25 by southeast 80 ; by Caroline B. Wat
son to the same, $50,000 for one year at 7 per
cent on property on the southeast line of
King street, 251 feetsouhwest of Fifth, south
west 299 b-* southeast 240; by the German
Bank to Ellen Kearns, $6000 for one year at 7
per cent on property on the north line of
Eddy street, 55 ieet east of Polk, east 57:6 by
north 120; by the Hi hernia Bank to the
Bhiels Estate Company, $70,000 for one year
at 6"-_ per cent on property on the northeast
corn- of O'Farrell and Stockton streets, north
137:6 by east 137:6; by the Humboldt Bank
to Alexander Rothenstein, $6000 for one
year at 7 per cent on property on the south
east corner of Waller street and Masonic ave
nue, south 62 by east 105.
The re'.i'aes numbered 43 and were for a
total of $273,131. The principal ones were as
follows: From Gilbert Whitaker to Elizabeth
I. Couch. $2800. on property on the west line
of Ashbury street, 50 feet north of Page
25x106.38; from the Hibernia BanK to Hazle
Martin, $0000 on property on the north line
of Twenty-second street, 280 feet east of
Gnerrero. east 65 by north 114; from the Ger
man bank to the vestry of St John's
Episcopal church, $20,000 on property
on the southwest corner of Fifteenth
street and Julian avenue, west 100 by
south 147:9; from the same to William H.
Howard, $125,000 on property on the south
east corner of Clay and Sansome, east 109
south 59:9. east 2:4, south 59:9, west 111:4,
north 119:6; from Caroline B. Watson to
Mary Ellen and John H. yon Schroder, $60
--000 on property on the southeast line of King,
251 southwest of Filth, southwest 299 by
southeast 240; from the Pacific He
brew Orphan Asylum to Rebecca D.
Gerbes, $6000 on property on the north
line of Post street, 25:5 east of Laguna, east
51:8 by north 95, and on the south line Post
street, 25:5 east of Laguna, east 25:10 by
south 120; from the German Bank to Thomas
Pollard, $6500 on property on the north line
of H.iight street, 97 west of Laguna, wes 40
by north 137:6; from the San Francisco Mu
tual Loan Association to E. B. and Sarah J.
Stonehil., $6000 on property on the north line
of Baeramento street, 27:6 east of Broderick,
east 27:6 by north 100; from John W. Van
Bergen to Bernard B. Dobbas, $15,000 on
property on the north line of Sacramento '
street, 137:6 west of Lyon, west 26 by north '
127:8%. f .'.
NEWS ITEMS.
A three-story brick building is to be con
structed by A. L. Piper on the corner of First
and Jessie streets.
Mrs. Nelmann is having plans compiled for
a two story frame building on the north line
of Fulton street, between Baker and Lyon.
H. M. Whitely's residence on the north side
oi California street, between Webster and
Buchanan, is to be changed into flats.
The half hi ty- vara lot on the northeast cor
ner of Pacific avenue and Buchanan street has
been sold to Albert Meyer, who intends to
erect a handsome residence on the site.
Joseph Poheim is to build a handsome resi
dence on the southwest corner of Washington
and Locust streets which will cost in the
neighborhood of $15,000.
John Dunn has contracted for the erection
of a two-story and basement frame building on
the east line of Taylor street. 137:6 feet south
of Clay.
Contracts have been recorded for alterations
and additions in the premises of Charles F.
Quinlan on the east line of M.ssion street, 240
ieet south of Twenty- -rcond.
A cottage costing $2500 is to be constructed
on the east line r»l i. tta street, 50 feet south
of Parnassus avenue, by Ida H. Lutgen.
Harris Samuels nam let a contract for a three
storv building on the south line of Bush street,
62:6 feet west of Mason.
J. Silve: stein is to make some alterations
and additions to bis premises on Fe.l street,
137:6 feet west of Laguna.
A two-story and basement frame building is
to be constructed by William T. Martin on the
west line of Masonic avenue, 143:9 feet north
of Frederick.
The residents of Eureka Valley are to request
the Supervisors to extend the City water mains
a f.ng Corbett road from Clara avenue to Ash
bury street
One hundred and thirty-five acres of the San
Miguel rancho have been purchased by a syndi
cate of local capitalists, whose intention it is
to convert the tract into a park and zoological
garden.
About 100,000 trees of different varieties
will be planted over the land which begins at
the intersection of Thirtieth and Diamond
jtreeis, extending west to Stanford Heights,
between tne Sunnyside and Castro-street addi
tion.
A petition is being circulated among the
property-owners along the line of First avenue
that will be presented to the Supervisors to
morrow afternoon and which protests against
the proposed work of laying bituminous pave
ment, granite curbs and patent stone side
walks on Fust avenue from Fulton to Jackson
streets.
The Park Commissioners having signified
their willingness to sj*;nd $2000 to improve
Point Lobos avenue, the members of the
Richmond district decided at a recent meet
ing to leave the future of the road in the
hands of the Commissioners.
The Vnlericia-str.et cable roadbed from Mar
ket to Twenty-eighth street is being replaced
where needed and put in first-class condition.
The reconstruction of the roadbed of the same
line on Market street, irom Jones to Valencia,
will be commenced next mouth.
The Superintendent of ..treeis is in receipt
of a communication from the Merchants' As
sociation informing him that me placing of
street nanus on each corner is not enforced.
The Merchants' Association states that there
are 589 corners in this City on which there
are no signs of any character whatever by
which one may be guided.
The followirg were elected officers during the
past week to the West of Castro-street Im
provement (Tub: R. W. Anderson, president;
W. J. Nixon, vice-president; C. E. Judson,
second vice-president and corresponding sec
retery; Charles Osgood, secretary; Thomas
Hume, treasurer; Armande Harze, sergeant
at arms.
Madison A Burke will sell the property of
the Mary B. Pease estate on Wednesday at pub
lic auction..
Ea.-ton, E.drldge & Co. have postponed their
local auction sale from to-morrow to the 2d of
March.
On the 6th of next month the same firm
will sell at auction on the premises 2000 acres
of the famous Chino ranch. There has also
been placed in Its hands for sale the townsite
lots oi the Water and Milling Company at
Johannesburg, situated near Randsburg, but
unlike that place, amply supplied wilu water,
piped through the town.
An auction sale will be held by 0. F. yon
Rhein «_ Co. on Thursday. The offerings will
comprise a desirable line oi business and
dwelling property on Fourth, Ellis, Leaven
worth, Bush, Valencia, Caliiornia, Kearny,
Green, Church, Tehama, H and Erie streets
and Twenty- first avenue.
Charles J. Campbell will hold an auction
sale to-morrow. In addition to the southwest
corner ol Pacific avenue and Webster street
aud the gore at the northwest corner of Mar
ket and Sixteenth streets, the catalogue con
tains a Paciiie Heights residence lot, a Geary
street residence, a Western Addition cottage
and a dwelling and a cottage in the Mission.
Kentucky street, irom Fourth to its inter
section with Railroad avenue, and Railroad
avenue, from First to Eighteenth avenue, are
in a filthy condition. The gutterways are a
mass of black slime in many places and there
is a coating of mud lully three inche? thick in
places on the top of the block pavement It.is
said that the street sweepers have not visited
Kentucky street since it was paved, three
years aco. There are no cesspools on this
thoroughfare, from Napa street to Railroad
avenue, nor are there any on Railroad avenue,
from First to Tenth avenue.
The residents of Ocean View and Lakevlew
want more lights in their territory and intend
to petition the Supervisors to «rive them tight
additional arc lignts at the following points:
Hearst and San Jose avenue. Mount Vernon
and San Jose avenue, Orizaba and Sagamore
streets, Randolph aud Mount Vernon avenue,
Randolph and Victoria avenues, Randolph and
Stanley, Randolph and Palmetto, Unadilia and
Louisourg streets.
Tbe Sixth-street merchants wishing to at
tract the trade of the Potrero aud South San
Francisco district will request the Market
street Railroad Company to construct an elec
trint road on Sixth street, from Market to
Townsend, to connect with the Kentucky
street line.
The merchants believe that if the present
system were changed to an electric line and
the tracks extended to the Potrero they would
be more prosperous.
In the Koe Valley district there is much
building in progress at the present time. Four
new houses were commenced last we.k. John
Lorder has begun the construction of a cottage
on Douglass street, between Alvarado and
Twenty-third. Jacob Heyman is laying the
foundation for a dwelling on Twenty-third
street, between Douglass and Hoffman. John
Lynd is building a residence on Alvarado
street, between Douglass and Hoffman. John
Oswald is putting up a house on Twenty-third
street, between Douglass and Hoffman."
Bovee, Toy A Sonntag report the following
recent sales:
Lot, 50x1157:6, on the north line of McAllis
ter street, 87:0 east of Larkin, from the Pray
ter estate to E. W. McCarthy, lor $27,500; lot.
75x100. on the west side of Lar kin street, 100
ieet north of Fulton, from Mrs. J. C. Rob uson
to John Tamony, for $15,000; lot. 25x120, on
the east line of Fifth avenue. 120 feet south of
Lake street, for $800; lot, 25x137:6, on the
south line of Vaiiejo street, 1.0:4 east of
Franklin, for $3000, and the double pint and
lot, 25x137:6, at 2729 Pine street, lor $4000.
The sixth annual report of the Argonaut
Mutual Building and Loan Association shows
asset* of $60,905 00, Included In which are
$52,900 in mortgages and $5022 98 in real
estate. The new beard of directors is com
posed oi : Geor*e W. Dixon, president; Dr.
A. L. Lengfeld, vice-pres.dent; Sig Baumann,
A. Ortion. E. Messager, M. J. Blackman and
M. Wiener. The book value of shares is as
follows: First series, $8912; second, $71 92;
third, $55 00; fourth. $40 33; fifth, $25 95;
sixth, $12 51. The seventh series is now open.
PRESIDIO FIELD DAY.
So diers to Take Part in Ath
letic Even's on Wednesday
If It Is Clear.
Officers Who Are on the List for R -
tirem.nt— Features of the New
Infantry Drill Regu a'iom.
The field day exercises which were an
nunced for last Wednesday at the Presidio
had to be postponed on account of the
rain. They will take piace next Wednes
day, providing it does not rain on that
day. There are a numb r of interesting
events scheduled, and one of these will be
wall-scaling. An illustration of the man
ner in which this is done was given in last
Monday's issue of The Call.
First Lieutenant J. F. Reynolds Landis,
First Cavalry, and First Lieutenant __. C.
Uenson, First Cavalry, have been ordered
10 appear before the board at the Presidio
to-morrow for examination for promotion.
Lieutenant Landis has for some time been
acting as aid to General Forsyth at head
quarters, the commander of the Depart
ment of California. He is at present act
ing adjutant-general.
During the course of the current month
the officers at the Presidio will deliver a
number of lyceum lectures, on various
topics connected with the army and the
various branches of the service."
Colonel Charles T. Alexander of the
medical department is on the list for re
tirement; Colonel W. J. Lvter, Ninth In
fantry. June 27; Major James Jack-son,
Second Cavalry, November 21; Major
Otis W. Pollock, Twenty-fourth Infantry,
August 7; Major F. E. Lacev, Seven
teenth Infantry, August 8; Major C. E.
Bennett, Nineteenth Infantry, December
2; Captain Ky Romyer, Fifth Infantry,
June Ist; Captain Frank E. Pierce, July 6.
The features of the new infantry drill
THE SAN -> FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1897.
regulations which are now before General
Miies for review, says a writer for the
Army and Navy Register, are those relat
ing to the schools of the soldier, squad,
company, battalion and regiment; also
parts of the rules for extended order and
military ceremonies. Other regulations
on extended order are still in the hands
of General Ruger, but these will be sent
to the War Department in a few days.
The revised rules contain a number of
important changes in the tactics now fol
loweJ by the army. One modification
fixes the distance between ranks at 36
inches, and between elbows of men in
line and column at 2 inches. These dis
tances are maintained in all close-order
formations. The old double-column
formation is restored as being one of great
convenience in handling troops. The new
regulation^ do away partly with the words
so familiar to military men "this rule is
general."
Explanations of all movements pre
scribed are more elaborate than now, and
the application of a general principle is
noted where necessary, not leaving it to
the memory to recall the rule and apply
it. Movements in single rank are author
ized. Double-rank formations will, how
ever, be the rule. In all drills ana cere
monies the adjutant will, as in Upton's
tactics, proceed to his post first in a direc
tion parallel to the line ot troops and then
to the front, not in an oblique direction as
now prescribed. The new regulations do
away with a number of movements which
Gentral Ruger regards as unnecessary.
SAN FRANCISCO -'CALL."
BrPINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca_x-.
710 Market street, open until l_ o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-.27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
618 1-arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
.618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 .Ninth street, op»»n nnttl 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: open until 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
tt****s-» GOLDEN* GATE COMMANDERY* - *__
mV^ No. 16, K. T., Golden Gate building.^[jniP
6*.'.'* Sutter st.— special assembly Till- lag]
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of < *W ;
the Temple and the Orler of Malta will be
conferred. All fraters are courteously Invited.
CHARLES H. Mli PHY.
Eminent Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorder.
ftSS-* KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. a
tt-JS' 260. F. and A. M., corner Geary and ___§____
--teiner sts.— Called meeting THIS (MOA'-'ff If
D\Y) EVENING, at 7:30 lock. Second pp/^FY
degree. By order of the master.
HARi'Y BAi.HR. Secretary.
f******» OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. at
kptr-Jy and A. M.— Called meeting THIS £%.
(MONDAY*) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, lf'jf
Third degree. By order of the W. M. i^y\
EDW. F. DELOER, Secretary.
jT^S' SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER «
6_--*S r No. _ > Koyal Arch Masons, meets Jto.
THIS EVENING. R. A degree. T&.JST
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /^aT^
Jf-Tr* COSMOPOLITAN LODGE v ii ___i'«,
&J> No. 19-1, 1. O. O. F.— You ar.--^ME&
hereby notified _o assemble in Eureka -fe-'C&Sr
Hall on MONDAY, February 22, at '•«?■' 11 -J?"""
1:30 P. St., to attend lie funeral of our late
brother. CHARLEa PAULSON.
A. J. Clkary, R. S. E. DRYSELIUS, N. G.
■__-**-?» GERMANIA LODGE No. 116, -ji„, r, .
to-"-'' l. o O. V — The funeral com- -ajPH&fc
mittee, officers and members of ihe -35-<jB_^s?
above lodge are requested to assemble "•*/»•* v* 1
in the Odd Fallows building, corner seventh and
Market sts., TUESDAY. February 23, at 1:30
p. St.. for the fnneml of ourlate brother, G. Woinke,
Emil Nikmi.ikr, R. S. F. MaKKS, N. G.
R_^g"» BUBNS LODGE NO. 68, A. O. U. .-<»*>
H--& YY\— The officers and members are:Sa*jL£
hereby notified to assemble at their lodge- __t£»sS
room. Alcazar building, on MONDAY', Vggv^
Feb. 22, a- 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother CHARLES PAULSON. By order of
the master workman.
L. G. SCHORD, Recorder pro tern.
ptt_s"=- THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
mSr-£r stockholder*, Of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 406 California street- "-an Francisco, on
WEDNESDA V, the 3d day of March, 1897. at the
hour of 12 o'clock m , for the ele. lion of trustees
for the ensuing year and for the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. A. DALTON HARRISON, Secretary.
p*T_-3pTHE REGULAR A NNUAL MEET ING OF
&**■*>' the members of the B. shop Armitase Church
Orphanage will held at ihe office of the secretary,
63. California St., room 38. on l-ebruary 23. 1897,
at 12 St., tor the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for tbe eu-
suing year: also for the transac. ion of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. W A 1)11 AM. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■___5S=- DR. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED
'miTJS' from 1362 a Market to 1346 Market, rm. 27.
tJ_^S=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
Br--? collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Moutgy St., room 6; tel. 5580.
R__S=» DR. RAZKT REMOY'ED FROM PHE-
IS"-©* lan building to 008 Geary st.: t**i. East 357.
SITUATIONS YV ANTE U-FE3I ALE.
FIRST-CLASS AMERICAN COOK. WITH
reference, d sires a situation. J. F. CI'.OSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter sL
"VTEAT GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION
-LV with a kind family: can no any kind ot sew-
ing, including dressmaking; willing to assist with
child or upstairs work. Call or address MISS A.,
818 Ham. thlre St., beL 20lh and 21st.
COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK, CAN DO
American and French style, is nice laundress,
will work In neat family: recently from the East:
city or country; wages $12 to $15. Cull 1024
Howard St., room 20.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOR CAMP
-L cooking by a respectable young woman: good
cook and housekeeper. Call from 9 a. m. to 5 p. M
126 1 ourth at., room 2.
OUNG YVOMAN WANTS YVORK BY THE
-L day to do washing, ironing and housecleanlng:
willing and obliging. 253 Shipley su, between
Fifth and Sixth.
DRESSMAKING OR ANY KIND OF PLAIN
sewing neatly done. Please call 833 Howard
St.. second floor.
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
desires a place to do cooking or light house-
work ; small wages. 26 4V_ Tehama st.
OMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
\J wants a i tare to do all kinds of housework; low
wages; city. 28 South Park, oil Third st.
TWO SCANDINAVIAN GIRLS DESIRk
1. places to do general housework. 318 Bran nan
st., rear.
"VTOU NO LADY'; POSITION AS WORKING
A. housekeeper. Call or add. 777 Market, rm. 16.
*L"IIRST-CLASS COOK: EITHER HOTEL OR
JL boarding-house. 124 Eighth st.
GERMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AT
general housework; $15. 62*4 Fulton st.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES ANY KIND OF
X plain sewing. 10-"0 Market sL, room 5.
-lir ANTED— A PCSITION BY MIDDLE-AGED
VI woman coo.< in a boarding-house or bowl;
first-class b. ker. 748 Howard st.
"I ADY DESIRES POSITION As HOUSE
J j keeper: no triflers need apply. Revere House-
room 6^_, Mission at., near Third.
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
to do chamberwork, sewing or waiting; good
reference. Call 11.06 line sl
1 .KESSMAKING BY THE DAY, OR TAKE
xJ work home. Call or address 23-" shlpley st.
DRESSMAKER. FIRST-CLASS FITTER,
stylish draper and designer; thorough dress-
maker: by the day. 104 Grove st.
"yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
A. the day; washing and ironing or houseclean-
ing. Call at 865 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN WAN IS WORK
by the day; is good laundress and house-
cleaner. 3151/2 Stockton st.
WANTED— BY GIRL, SITUATION TO DO
second-work and sewing and assist with cook-
ing; good references. Addrets G. 8,, box 41, CalL
GOOD GERMAN GIRL YVISHES A PLACE
for light housework; sleep nome. Call at 122
Grove s_, bet. Van >c.s ave. and Polk st.
yOUNG LADY. HOLDING FIRST-GRADE
-I Normal certificate, desires position as gover-
ness, companion or nurse for growu children:
good references: willing to travel. Address B-
box 114, Cal Office.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WOULD LIKE EN-
gpigements; $10 per week; best of references.
Call or address 900 Van Ness aye.
■MEAT YOUNG GIRL. 16 YEARS OLD, CAN*
-LV talk English and German, would like to work
in bakery and assist In housework*, wages $12 ,o
$15; sleep home. Address 1910 Larkin sL, in the
rear. _
"\y ANTED- POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS OR
TT housekeeper by a you lady. Apply 664
Howard st., room 44 _,
fll-IDpLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SITU-
-IVJL atlon as housekeeper, nurse, or lake care of
invalid; city or country. *t3 -.inns su
SITUATIONS -WANTED— Continued.
GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO COOKING AND
housework; $10 up. Call or address 1118"*
Howards*-
T ADYANDHER DAUGHTER WANT POSI-
xx Hon as working housekeeper and assist or
chamberwork in hotel: understand all kinds of
domestic work: no objection to country. Call or
address 1 1 5 Russ „t.
T)ESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES A
It situation as cashier or saleslady; good refer-
ences given. Apply 221 Fillmore st
PERMANENT POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper wanted by Eastern lady; lodging-house
or widower's home preferred. 995 Market, room 3.
\\ I DOW WISHES SEWING AND MENDING
»' at home or would go as housekeeper. Call
after 12 st. and evenings, 821 Mission st, room 6.
"yoUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
J- East, wants a place as housekeeper In hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city or country. Room
2, 2.3 Post at
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
to do housework: kind to children; wages
moderate; city. 28 * oath Park, off Third.
VOUXii WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
J- as housekeeper. 144 Fifth st., room 6.
"yOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
-L traveling companion. Apply 181 Taylor, r. 3
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WOULD LIKE
-I position as housekeeper. 38 Eddy, first floor.
"YOUNG WIDOW WANTS A PLACE AS
JL housekeeper; city or country. 122 Post St.,
room 2.
"YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES Po-
X sition as housekeeper. 38 Eddy st. room 1.
T-OUNG LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
-L curustatues. desires a lucrative position as
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Ellis at, room 17, second floor; call after 12.
"VTEAT, RELIABLE SWEDISH GIBL WISHES
■mJs situation to do second work. Please address
MISS LINDBERG, Golden Gate Postoffice (.no
postal cards). Alameda County.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st;
open until »:3j O'clock.
A",* ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
ii The Call are taken at Branch office, touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s:s.
7 1 O LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
* -LO CALL: subscriptions an.i want ads taken.
"IVINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms .5c to $150 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th» Call. Sob-
m riptious and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNT A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 014 Vi Califor-
nia SL, near Kearny. Tel. main 23L
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90. St Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st: tel Main 5234.
HINESE A JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS*.
help-.tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY <_ C 0..640. .640 Clay
FIRST-CLASS BARKEEPER WANTS BlTU-
ation: perfect gentleman; best of references:
at present employed lv San Francisco's best sa-
loon; country preferred. L., box 6, all.
PARTIES HAVING PAINTING, PAPER-
hanglug, houseclcanlng or waltewashlng to do
can get It done very cheaply by 11. il., 19%
Seventh at , Oakland.
AS BARKEEPER: SOBER AND RESPECT-
abIe: with the best of references; single. Bar-
keeper, 681 Mission st, room 36.
GERMAN MAN, STEADY*, SOBER, WANTS
X a place as waiter or to do kitchen work; city
or country. C. M., 812 Kearny St., room 51.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WISHES POSITION
no janitor or office-work: will highly reward,
from $50 to $75. 120. Va Jackson st.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED
German wishes situation as coachman and
gardener: generally useful about p ace; refer-
ences. Address WILHELM, 297 Stevenson st
BOY. 18, WANTS FINISHER'S POSITION IN
plumblng establishment; served IVi 'ears;
wants to serve his time out Address 1048V_ Eoi-
som st.
BY YOUNG MAN, WORK OF ANY KIND;
experienced in grocery and hardware store.
Address K. E.. box 165, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDE, MA
ried. In store or factory: handy with tools:
best of references; strictly sober. 513 McAllister.
ANTED— POSITION IN LAUNDRY BY A
II man of 14 years' experience; thoroughly un-
derstands all machinery, engines and boilers, soap
and starcn making and all work around laundry.
Address W. P., box 106. Call Office.
YirA.NTED-BY MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN,
" with references, tuition on private place;
horses, cow, garden; handy with tools; moderate
wages. Addicts, 2. 4 seventh st.
CHINESE FIRST-CLASS AND RELIABLE
' en <k desires a situation In family: wages $30
to $35 Der mouth. Address 615-617 Dupout st.
JAPANE-* YOUNG BOY WANTS POBITION
to do general work. KATANOZAKA, care
of Japanese Mission, 1329 Pine st
INTELLIGENT BOY, 14 YEARS OF AGE,
wishes a position; good home and small wages.
(.all or address GEORGE CUBITT, 817 Jessie st,
off Ninth.
HANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION AS
janitor or would work In shop or factory:
sneaks good English. F. M., 10 Central place, off
Finest; with best recommendation.
GARDENER, FIEST CLASS, WITH THE
best of references, wishes position; understands
carpet bedding, greenhouses, propagating; can
milk and lake care of poultry. Address Gardener,
box 69, Call Office.
QQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-*•)-' The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
,*97 MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
«>-.! Open unti: 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ada. taken,
YOUNG MAN* WANTS SITUATION as
X yardman for hotel or private boarding-house:
furnish references from last employer and others-
Address JOHN A. Macj'ONALU, 156 Third St.
4 MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*x Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 1«7 NINTH
st— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OP THE
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
11 Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggace to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
A COOKS IN GERMAN AND AMERICAN
*i families. $25 and $*"0; second _irl and sewing,
$'.'(); waitress and parlor-maid, $20; 3 waitresses,
ho. el and restaurant, $20 and $25, and a large
number of girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CHOSE IT A CO, 316 Sutter st.
GIRL. SUTTER ST.. $15; GIRL. LOMBARD
- $15; girl, Fillmore, $15: girl, Twenty-third St.,
$15. girl, McAllister. $16: girl. Broderick, $15;
girl, Gough st., $15: girl, Webster, $16; girl, Gold-
en ,ate aye.. $16: girl, Geary st, $16; gin, Wash-
ington st. $15: Kir., Haight St., $15; second girl.
$15*. girl, Livermore, $15; girl, Gllroy, Cal., $15;
■1 housekeepers : 21 young sirs, $8, $10 and $12
per month, assist etc. nice families: 20 German,
IS *-wcd"sb. 4 Danish girls. MARTIN'S 749
Market st
"WAITRESS, $5 A WEEK: OK. $25 AND
'' room; cook, $30 mid room; chambermaid,
$18 ana room: 2 waitresses for city, $20 and
room; cook, few men, $15 to $20: 3 waitresses,
$ 0, 5 hours' nor., no Sunday work; waitress,
$25; head waitress, $25: German waitress, $20;
waitress for country, $17 and room: German*
cook, $25 and room. MARTINS, 749 Market at
GIRL, LOMBARD ST., $20: GIRL. SUTTER
st, $25; housekeeper, $16: girl. Guerrero st.,
$18; girl, Berkeley, Cat.. $20: girl, Geary st, $20;
girl, Gough at., $18; girl, Alameda. la., $20; tin.
Scott st, $20; girl, (ii. ugh St.. $25; girl, Webster
St., $20; girl, Santa Barbara, $26, see party here;
girl. Fillmore St., $30. MARTEN'S. 749 Market.
GERMAN GIRL; GOUGH ST.; $25. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st
FAM I COOK; GERMAN STYLE; $30.
MARTIN'S, 749 Markelat,
SECOND GIRL $25; NURSE, S2O: COOK. $40;
»■ 16 hcusework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Suiter st. |
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL, $12 TO $15. MISS
L> CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
YOUNG GIRL AS COMPANION AND LIGHT
housework, $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
COOK and laundress, $26; waitress,
$20: 8 girls for housework. MRS. HIRD,
721 Ellis.
WANTED— GERMAN OIBL FOR BAKER Y,
$20; German or Swedish laundress, $30: 3
cooks, German style, S3, and $25: French sec-
ond and seamstress, $20; 20 girls for housework
and assist: chambermaid, hotel, $7 a week. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st
PRIVATE FAMILY. COOK. CITY. $1*0:
waitress, near city, $16: Ironer, near city, s2s
and found; 2 wa tresses, restaurant, cit*-, $15; 4
housework. $20; 8 girls to assist In housework,
$10 and $15. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
XPEKIEXCED APPRENTICE ON CUS-
( J torn co-la 942 Folsom sis
HELP TV*ANTED-Contfnn*--l.
-\TEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, SMALL
Lv family, Napa County, $15. fare paid: wait-
resses, city and country hotels, $15 and $20, etc
I MURRAY <fc READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st
"W ANTED, BY A COMPETENT WOMAN,
" place to do housework, cooking or downstairs
work; no objection to large family. J. 11. , box
105, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED HANDS ON ; LADIES'
waists, skirts and wrappers: power. 416*/_
Ellis st
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; LIGHT COOKING,
1 small family; wages $16. 1216 Vis Golden
Gate aye.
GOOD COOK; UNDERSTANDS GERMAN
IJT cooking; plain washing. 1909 Van Ness aye.,
9 to 12.
-U" ANTED-GIRc TO ASSIST IN COOKING
" and light housework; references 1217 Web-
ster st
GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK AND WAIT-
VX Ing. Apply 1616 Vallejo St.. Monday, 10 to 12.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: UN-
VT derstand cooking; wages $20. 1718 O'Farrell.
APPRENTICES AND FINISHERS ON CUS-
tom-made coats. 4.9 Minna st •
TAILORESS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS.
Apply at once, 385 sixth st.
C] IRL OR WOMAN TO WASH DISHES AND
I help the cook. 155 Fifth «L
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
>» housework. 2241 Sutter.
GEItMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN,
Plain cooking and housework. Call BARNES,
First aye. south.
IUANTKII- A SILKKR ON GLOVES. COS-
-11 mopolltan Hotel, room 32.
"WANTED— ELDERLY LADY FOR SMALL
» i family: $5 a month and good home. Call 2to
6 o'clock 2215 Polk at
WANTED — PUPIL'S FOR MILLINERY
ii school: course practical and thorough; classes
now forming for spring wor.: satisfaction guar-
anteed: evening classes. 22*/_ Geary or 410
Leavenworth.
WANTED— A CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
'» work; country: $10 month; steady home.
239 Post at., room 12.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
X nel overshirts and underwear. LEVI
STRAUSS A CO., 32% Fremont st
T EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
-12*1 per week; unlimited lessons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester House. 44 Third st. near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 5. per night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WAXTED-10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber trade; shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138% Eighth st., & F. Barber College.
f'-\ ,"*. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
"- "-' Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
IT-LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister st: $1 a week.
LAWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
■IJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1281 Market st
1"I /_• NINTH ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
LIU Th* Call,- aubscriptioa and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED-6-HORSE TEAMSTER, $30;
quartz miner, $2 60 to $•* 76 per day; fruit
farmer and wife, $30; brush maker: night cook,
$9 week; restaurant waiter, $30, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT «fe CO., 6.8 Sacramento st
VOREMAN FOR GRAIN RANCH: ONETHAT
-T can run harvester: single man. abent 35 years
of age: $.'io and found: pruners and farmers, cooks,
walt-rs and dishwashers. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st
VTIOHT WAITER, $7 A WEEK; 2 WAITERS,
1> $25; waiter, country, $30; German cook,
$35 aud room* young man to rua electric eleva-
tor. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st
T\r ANTED — GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
ii i.ssist in cooking; small family. Call 1622
Webster st
IV ANTED— MAN FOR COUNTRY" PLACE;
" .eneral farming, poultry and orchard work;
reference; wages $10. R. P.. box 16, Call Office.
WANTED— A GOOD BLOCK BUTCHER. AP-
-11 ply 3318 Mission st.
L'URNITURE VARNISHER AND GOOD BOY
X I to help. .Seventeenth ana Wisconsin sts.
SOLICITOR WANTED FOR GOLDEN . GATE
Dye Work*. 342 McAllister st _
ARBER WANTS TO BUY HALF INTER-
est in shop; pay part cash. H. 11.. box 161, Call
Office.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AND 4 LIVING
rooms very cheap; no reasonable offer refused:
low rent: fine chance. 408 sixth st
TWO- CHAIR BARB* SHOP FOR SALE;
cheap. Cor. Twenty-ninth and Church sts.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD PAYING
0 stand; 4 fine living-room-; no reasonable offer
refused. Call Immediately 408*1._ Sixth st *
JOUBNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
se«*retarT -H. BERNARD, 102 seventh sl
BAKBER WASHSTANDS, 1. 3 AND 3 BOWLS,
cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
ENEBGETIC. CAPABLE BUSINESS MAN
■i with or without cx i erlence can obtain liberal
contract with weekly guarnntee to solicit life In-
surance for Mutual Reserve Fund Life Association
of New York, ihe largest and strongest natural
premium life association in the world: insurance in
force over $325,000,000. Apply between 9 and 10 •
dally To MAURICE ZUCKEK. manager for the
Pacific Coast, 8 Chronicle building. .
GENTS: MALE OR FEMALE; CITY OR
country; $3 per day ea«v: samples by mall
12c. S. m. ACO , 810 san Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— COBBLER WITH SOME TOOLS
1 1 to work in ehoestore. Call at once, 321 Court-
land aye., at the Mission.
WANTED— CANVASSERS IN THE CITY
and State to sell lots in the city of Stockton;
liberal commission: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, this office.
BRIGHT MAN TO SELL PATENTED NOV-
elty: expenence: references 8.. box 116, Call.
WANTED— SOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
* » assist In light Indoor business: must be satis-
fied with $18 per week ana have $150 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market at., room 7.
WANTED— STEADY*, RELIABLE MAN FOR
position In country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. ml. 9 Geary, room 2.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS MECHANICAL DENTIST
V wanted; none out a skilled workman need ap-
ply. Apply at the National Dental Company, room
412, Parrot building.
WANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C 0. .723 Murkt
I A DIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT l-HOES
xj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; large stock; shoes made
to order; best stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
il of some simple thing to pi- tent? i-rotect your
ldens: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERRURN A CO., Dept. L, Parent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, tor their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
I[*LCHO HOU***!-. 8631-» MARKET ST.— P.OOMS
x 20c, 26c to 600 night; $1 to $2 weeic
9*-.9/< MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
-.•"--I" want ads taken for THE CALL.
BEST IN CltY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 -.5. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, commercial and Leidesdorft sts.
1 1 ppfi NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 1 U Thk Call; subscription and wanteds,
taken.
BUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
' " all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 26 to
$6 per week. J. O. DRAKE, Manager.
ROOMS 160 To 76c P_.lt NIGHT ; 60c lv *i 5J
xJli per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm m.
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
75*: week. Lindetl House, Sixth and Howard.
RECRUITS WANTED FOP. THE U. S. MA-
rtne Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and -0 years
who are citizens of the United Slates, or those
who have legally declared their Intention to be-
come such; must be of good character an. habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In heieht For
further Information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills st. Sun. Francisco. CaL -
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
'PBY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST. BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: . '.Sea n(ht: $1 a week.
\(\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
Iff and 200 a eight Including coffee aud roih.
t'24 Washington st. near Kearny.
9pp**.9K MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE of
—•J — "-" Thk Call; subscriptions ana want ada
taken.
ANTED-LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»• to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 152
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE FUR-
nish.d rooms, 20c to 26c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
SZ-__a__R-f-_}«fi-_---¥* - inim-
HELP "WANTED— Conttnn«rl.
E SIMON YVANTS 100 MEN TO GET BOT-
. tie beer or wine Be*, best free lunch. 643 Clay.
WANTED-SINGLE BOOMS. 15c A DAY; $1
week- rooms for 2. 250 a day. $1 50 a week:;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay at
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Mantel: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
lir ANTED YOUR SHOES— WE -UCPAIB
TT shoes up to 9 oclock every night; those work*
me through the day can have their shoes repair*!
ainlcht while yon wait: laoies' soling. .15c; mci I
p-TOllng. 60c: fine shoes made to order from "52 up.
we have a lot of shoo-, been damaged by water. -'
less than one-fourth their value, from 250 up t*
$2 50. 66. Mission at., bet. Firsts'., and Second
AGENTS WANTED. ._
AGENTS-BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKEB A RAY* COMPANY, 7.3 Market St.
EDUCATIONAL.
UNIVERSITY MAN, 35 YEARS OLD. ABLE
to teach sciences and philosophy, with amiable
disposition and kind heart, speaking several lan-
guages, desires to find a position in the city In a
nice family as instructor or companion; moneyt
not so much an object as a good home: niches
references. Address M. M., box .36, Call Office.
LUCKHAKDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. AN IDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell st: elevator.
"i IURSIVE SHORTHAND" ISTHE EASIEST.
yj best and cheapest; vowels aud consonants
joined; no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pitman. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: first-class references. ROS*
COE EAMES, room 70, Flood building.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavla st, San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Bayuham. Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, effice days, Ti.urs. and Sat. p. >_,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; .0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
<flj IpX COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
«JP I O. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day orevening instruc-
tion. 1816 V. Post
AY'RES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery at.; individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
Hie scholarship $50: low rates cer week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
tIons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. R. s. DAVIS. 1508 Market
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.
civil, mining, survey, assay, archil., X ray
taucht; e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLEN.93B Mkt
STIEHL'B SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st; students trained; office
situations secured*, lowest rates or credit for tuition
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA*. LEI.SARTE
thoroughly taught: appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.m. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDEK, 299 Hyde st
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW.
quick method; $2 60 per month. 3-3 Hyde it,
PROF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, Powell.
FRENCH.SPANISH.Etc.: Prof. De FILIPPF.'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; estab'a 187 L
OOKKPNG. YVRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day & night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 ma 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaN'C-
Ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PiANO AND VOC..L
lessons, $3 ma Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOB THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st;
open until 8 :30 o'clock.
-— — ■■—^^ — — — —^^— — — .— —
. LOST.
LOST— FOX-TERRIER BITCH; WHITE,
black and tan head; chain collar; reward. 25
Tenth st.
1 OST-A GOLD BADGE: NAME BURNABY
J* No. 194 marked on It. Finder will receive
rewarJ by returning S. STEPHENS, 719 Market
LOST — DARK BROWN SORREL MARE,
branded 91: reward $10. GIOLDI CHRIS-
TEN, San Bruno road.
BBANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 187 NINTH \
st.: want adi and subscriptions taken.
I
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ffljftXa LODGING-HOUSE, NEAR MARKET;
■JUvu. 2;! well-furnished rooms; rent low:
a' wars full: best class of roomers. A. S. LESS,
10.--2 Market
i
Q/Y ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
Ou 22-room house, only 8 400
65 rooms, cor... 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter. 700 '
11 rs., must sell 20 i j 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
Or RMS; ELEGANT: N. MARKET $2000
— •*' 30 rooms; north; gre.it b-rgaln $.50 .
16 rooms; central; goo. furniture $325 j
UNDEKYVOOD A CO., 765 Market St.
Oa-KOOM BOARDING-HOUSE, FULL OF I
mCi\' boarder*: pnrt in pay me win exchange j
lor rooming-house. 11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market. I
I
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
must close out slock in 30 days: brussels car-
pet 4-.',jc yard; floor oilcloth, 18c: mat. ing, 7c
yard: beurooni sets, 3 pieces. $9 50; 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $65. SHIRBK A SHIREK, 747
Market st. opp. Grant aye.
A MONEY-RAISING SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 50
Solid oak dining chairs 760
4- room furniture outfit. $67 50
Brussels carpet laid 65c yard
BHIREK A --IIIREK. 747 Marketst, oppoilte
Grant aye.
Q.-C 6 BOOMS; COMPLETE FOR HOUSE-
ajpltj. keeping; reut $13 162 San Carlos aye.
VOR BALE— FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
X 1 Call morning, 1406 Hyde st. -
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
rsnew: caa < or on time: open evenings.
'
FURNITURE WANTED.
FURNITURE. STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAiO
by Indiana Auction C 0.1057 Market.Opp.JonB-
- — —*^——^ama^ — —^ ama .
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
$OA BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE I
—\f securing position for jouDg lady In s ore i
or office Address W. W., oox 61 , Call Offlce.
YA* ANTED TO RENT-BY RESPONSIBLE :
tt parties, furnished hotel. Address Z , box 14,
Call Office.
UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
doors, mantel**, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. clothing AND JEW-
ppO elry to a. KLEIN. 109 fcixtti at.*, send post.-.
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
new. J. McQUEEN ,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING YVORK*
cleans, moves, lays carpets. O. H. STEVEN*.
M*,r. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED W IT
1 1 poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca^
pet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. : teL Sa 40.
CARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free; teL Jessie 944. Stratto i, 3 Bth st
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN IN*. CO., 402
Sutter; teL Main 394. GEO- WaI.COM, prop.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
. atlon works. 409 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
-Qnew. 23 Tenth; tel. South 3ft Mackintosh A Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CAKI'ET-t. LEANING CO
• 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. ?'i_
C°£KLIN"S CARPET- BEATING WORK-
V^ -__ Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126. '
LEGAL NOTICES.
IS HE^BS^fvEITTH A^THFRE
XI are funds in the treasury- to redeem bonds
issued on Levee District No. 1 of Sutter county?
Cal.. according to an act of the Legislature a'r>
proved April 9 1880, as follows, to wit- Bond v.,
93, $500; bond Na 92, $600: bond No 91 $..0*
bo.id Na 30. $500; bond Na 89, $500; bond No
88, $500; bond No. 87. $500; bond No. 86 $500-
-bond No. 85, $500: bond No 84, $500- bo id No
83, $500: tond Na 82, $500; bond No.' 74 $50
bond No. 73. $500; bond No. 72, $500- ton*. No
71, $500. and bond No. 70 $500* and that at the
expiration of thirty days Irom the date of this
notice If said bonds are not presented for redem_-
tlon the interest thereon win cease, from and after
which time no Interest shall be allowed on said
bonds. '.J. COPE,
Treasurer of suiter County r_.
Dated Yuba City, February 18. 1897. *'
J EUSINESS CHANCES.
$4f'o SALOON WITH 11 ROO^IsTfURNL
Market* nUure ""clnded; oast locatio i uorth of
Present oS^k' oWner ,n same P lfiCe 15 > en
present owner has another business in the country
• °* -^ESb. 1032 Market st
$700 m R " CERY AND BAR NORTH G*!K
preient oir!T ; 4llvin.-rooms: rent only S2s|l
business can._. hei : eByear3: bl ; bar trad e/othof
uusmess causes sale, a. S. Li-.SS, 1032 Market
$2650. ?£_**_**■ WHOLESALE AND RE-
tablishedplkcV ho!„^ « nd '^ v ? r busmes.; old-es*
tosln^^^^t^ot^r^not^rlr.g
business! m_.?? cl T' lv ' m!r n! f " l ht r man '"^turiug
' wwt A s - l-l>s, 1032 Markets.
$600. SSSilf* 5^ STATIONERY
l,v,n«-room fur , 'iSIS-S °° d '° Ca;,on:
good, steady *>^^!T^^,?^
$800. S^HpP l^
tion; cheap ground rent iL°^ lU<leQ: no opt,osU
toany one: owner mSst &?!_!. : _7° rth * 1500
sold at once. A. 3 . LESS. 1. 3 | M:rke l mUSt •>•
$400. pSK^^^nfS
a^S?^
A. S. LESS. 1032 Marketst. 6 Interests.
$350. OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSF*
JfrOOU. location north ot Market rec.^, T
$750 to $1000 per month; worth $600 f P «3
LESS, 10.2 Market st. * wu - A * 8.
«J^nn SALOON }? THE BUSIEST MINI
tipt>\.f\J. ing district in the State. A is. ImS
1032 Marketst ' * jLB3 '
<5_190n CORNER ROAD HOUSE with
tipLmmisJSJ. rooms, gardens, she is, etc.; estab-
lished 25 years and is one of the best known places
of this kind here; bears Investigation. A. s. Less.
1032 Market st. 7
OZ.C, CANDY STORE AND FACTORY^
OOsJ. the best location in the City; tine ice-
cream parlor; elegant fixtures, A. S. LESS, 1032
Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer?
stocks. STENBEKO, 632 Market; teL main 1043.
C_> l Q_\r_ SALOON. MARKET ST., FINELY
«JJ)AO*IU. fitted. STENBkBG, 632 Market it,
<S' l rf\r_ COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
tip I yj\J. house: finely fitted up*, block north of
Market st: trial given- ENBERG, 632 Market
(J_Q*;rk SALOON; ELEGANTLY FITTED; 1
«Jrt7-J\/. block north of Market st; low rent;
stocked with fine liquors, cigars, etc.; privar*l
rooms*, owner has other business: makes big sac-
r.fice; investigate this. STENBERG, 632 Market
ffljCilA WELL- PAYING SALOON ON
tID-JUU. north side: good bargain: low rent;
open all night H. GEORGE. 533 California st
TATIONERY-STORE— OLD, GOOD-PA VINO
place; nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
GRAND CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT
man— First-class oyster and chop house for
sale: worth $800. will sell for $300: owner leav-
ing the city; call and see it. 216 sixth st
inn OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON,
ivy/, with 6 living-rooms. inquire 911 Fol-
som st
CANDY, ICECREAM AND SCHOOL Sup-
plies for sale; near school: 4 sunny living**
rooms and bath ; reasonable. Apply Call Office.
IpOR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCE*
J store on Fifth street. Call 427 Front st
ANTED— TO RENT OR EXCHANGE
tt Dropeny for paper route P. O. box 204,
Oakland.
I ''OR SALE-AN ELEGANT TWO-CHAIR
-T barber-shop; near Market; a real bargain; only
$75; good reason for selling. 12 Ha. es st
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD &
HATIE, 515 Marketst
RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SALOON; OPP.
depot; $175. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
COFi-EE SALOON* AND CHOPHOUSE;
nlcepy fitted up. 134 Powell st
y\ r ANTED— M AN WITH SMALL CAPITAL
»» 10 take half interest in a new and valuable In-
version relating to bicyU s; it ought to be used by
every bicycle-rider; li costs but little to manufac-
ture; properly handled It ought to make a for-
tune. For further Information apply to Boone's
Patent Agency. 214 Pl:.e st, San Tranclsco, CaL
TyANTED— MAN WITH SOME MONEY TO
11 take half Interest in a patented new Invention
that will pay bU profits. Addiess J. X., box 10,
Call Office, Oakland.
GOOD PLACER CLAIM, OR WILL WORK
same on shares: give 1 ocat on and full par-
j ticulars. Addresi M. 7... box 131, Call.
j UOII SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
I -T will sell i heap on account of sickness. Addlv
j 1044 Pacific st
i Q*-,nfl WELL-PA YING - BUTCHER-SHOP"
i tsP->\'VJ. on Marketst Inquire GEORGE, 533
' California st.
CIGAR-sTOI'E AND LAUNDRY OFFICE ON
Marketst; cheap. Inquire Call Office.
PARTNER wanted to JOIN me in pur-
cbase of a splendid business. In the line of
, which I've had lonz experience, and know the
opening in question to be exceptionally good: re-
-1 quires only $750 for half interest, of which $350
' may be paid from the business if so desired, which,
with p:oper attention hould easily clear $3000 to
i $5000 a year; present owner has made a fortune
p in last few years, but must hereafter devote undi-
j vided attention to other interests; duties would be
I principally office work: this proposition Is posi-
tively all right and I mean business, so none but
principals, naming time and Dlace for personal in-
terview, need apply. Address OPPORTUNE, box
64, Call Office, city. . .
LEAKN PARTICULARS OF PARTNERSHIP
opening In thoroughly established and very
extensive business: actually worth ten times the
i $400 required. Particulars of N. D. SICKeLS.
t-20 Market st
CI OOD CHANCE TO INVEST IN A PAT-NO
I manufacturing business : entirely new. Ad-
dress Business, box 57, Call Office.
ICIEST-CLASS SALOON, CHEAP; SALE A.C
X' count of sickness. Call 119 Olive aye.
FOR SALE-GKOCERY AND BAR; NO OP-"
position. Inquire at Call Office.
"yoUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
J- partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
pOKNERGROCi.RYAND BAR FOR SALE*
V gcod location; will fell cheap; going cut of
business on account of Illness Apply this office.
IRST MORTGAGE, $1200, 10 PER CENT
on first-class property, for sale at a discount
mortgage due. Address U. C- H., 320 Minna st
FOR DINING-ROOM; ESTABLISHED
J- trade of 25 boarders; central location: rent
boarded out. Address P. T., box 47, Call Office.
.
SALOON F R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
and sleeping room attached. For particulars
inquire at saloon 915 Marketst
RARE CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH. AD-
dress G. G., 2460 Folsom st
NE oF THE BEST .MILK ROUTES IN ALA-
meda County for sale: run by present owner
tori', years; sickness cause of selling. Address
A. T. .NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
at Fitch burg.
■*.>.*(• MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— -".-."J want ads taken for The Call. 5---^
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
ventlon. .«. pply 623 Golden Gate aye. ... j
ITY ROUTE FOR -ALE. APPLY THIS
Office;
NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
pictures. Anlmatoscope, 933 Mrkt, 7th floor.
"VTEYVSI-APER ROUTE I.*, INTERIOR CITY
J.Y close to Sao Frauds.-. For particulars apply
this office.
OOQ HAVES-BRANCH OFFICE- OF THE
ajaj.j ( all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
ACS HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
-xv buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market 327 Sixth st. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN A DPI LE. Auctioneers.
",(1 HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
tJU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 802 Howard st
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
for sale. M.F. BO YCE'S livery sta.le. 38 12th st
".() HEAD OF DORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
--"-"business 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-st car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mules.
t\()() SET NEW AND .ECOND-HAND Haß-
tjsjsj ness; all kinds: buitKy.wa.on. carts, surrey
<: rockawav. 40 cheap horses. }'<;i an l Vulen<*u.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.*
TE • , C-.FFEE AND SP CE WAGON: ALSO
new and second-band wagons. 1340 Turk st.
XfEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
Xmt dry and milk-wagon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 8-8 Harrison st
S_S__________gS__sgSSSg*S— — — — — — — — — S_l~— ! ————_;_ _____________!______s--^^
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN B. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICE;.. KOOJH
-6 and 27, Crocker i>uua__»; t*iep_o_e Miim
{ 76, San Francisco, Cat
1 O.i.N K. AATKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
I •J any. at law, ira 515.516. stu floor. Parrott bid.
HOTELS.
H I^ 0 5 ljY _ V Ho I«^ 20_-2_T"-HrSH~ST~
AJ board and room $1 to $2 per day (6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1* su'w
rcoms for family $1 10 _1 50 per night; tlr_l-cl*«
•ervice; tree coach. CHARLES HONTUO-lfc**'HOUSES TO LET.
ffl?l f^ 6 KOOMS AND Y-RD; MARINE
•IT x.O. view- Apply 1.25 Washington st., near
Jones.
090 GEARY'. NR. LARKIN — 15 ROOMS,
• '— • btth: rent very low. BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 1" Montgomery su
cj[iaj 111 is. OF 6 ROOMS: $12, ONE OF 4
■*t\l O. rooms: on Lawrence place, off Fremont
»_, beL Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay.
<j*l/t 2-STORY FRAME, 4 ROOMS A.ND
-_? 1 V". basement; water ire ; quiet aud resp'*ct-
tble r.eigliborliood. 6 Selina place, off north side
California st.. below Stockton . ke - at 8.
9 BUNNY HOUSES; 7 ROOMS. RATn, PAN-
— try,* yard and basement: ent $20. H3O < appsL
i 1 ™ t . E PtJ iK - VaN ist-..-,,, aVI-Hui'sl.
IX' of 1. rooms and bath.
O'Jfl RENT REDUCED; HOUSE OF 9
o<-»*-"*. sunny rooms. Pierce sl, bet. Goldeu
Gate aye. and Turk st.
-1 99.') BUSH -SUNNY HOUSE; 0 BOOMS;
J^-^-C^yard; rent reasonable to a good tenanu
Ojrt 1731 BROADWAY*. NEAR GOUGH-8
V l '- 1 ' rooms: every convenience: marine view.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED; $3. SMITH,
collector. 14 McAUisier st.. rooms 10-11.
t ROOMS; ..8k SECOND ST.: $15 PER
month. Key at 589 - econl st.
7 ROOMS; 5378 SrCu.NU ST.; $17 PER
• month. Key at 539 Second st.
- ROOMS: NEW HOUSE; MODERN" IM-
• ' provements; 4. Federa s .; $15 per month 10
desirable tenants. Key at 539 - econd st.
HOUS-,.-} 10 KENT .-,„; VilttV LITTLE
money at BALmVIN _. _i_.___luND ,_, l.j
Mcntromery st,
EURNISHED FLATS.
"I OWER FLAT 8 ROOMS DETACHED: PUN
J ' 3 sides: reasonable; de-drab!-, lSl3*>r_ Kills.
*■
COTTAGES TO LET.
C-ROOM. SUNN V a. OTI'AGE: FRUIT TREES;
•J chlckhouse; modern Improvements: rent $15.
317 tipper St., near Castro.
COTTAGE, 4 SUNNY* ROOMS, \ARD, $11:
> also flat, 6 rms., i ; 14. Grocery ,2d, nr.Towusend.
"V*ICE SUNN V COTTAGE, 5 R< 'OMS: YY'ATER
J.Y free; $10 per mo;i.h. inquire 23ls Pos. su;
V-INNY' COTTAGES OF 4 AND 6 BOOMS,
"•j tath, COTTAGES 0 cheap. Cor. ROOMS,
' ith. bsseine.i, yard: cheap. Cor. colore.
Fifteenth .is.
Q]. - ; NICE COTTAGE; 5«OOMS: BATH:
-_ 1' ' • sun : yard : cellar. Key 71 Treat aye.
FLATS TO LET;
■VUTOF 6 LARGE SIX NY ROOKS, BASE-
T ment. yard and stable. 1-24 Sixteenth 5.., near
Dolores.
C INY CORNER FURNISHED FLAT OF 3
0 rooms, with gas cooßin,; stove; rent 616: also
one of 4 rooms; rent $14. Apply 515 Second st.
QQlj TEHAMA — MODERN FLAT OF SIX
«•)_' rooms; latest improvements: rent reduced.
*"[ OWER. UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS; B\Trf;
.Ij yard; $15, *18. it shotwell st.,ur. Fourteenth.
]•*-*•)*_' I. SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS;
.1 OmCiOi modern improvements: rent $16.
3*. C TWELFTH— 4 SUNNY ROOM-, BATH
t-iO and laundry; rent $16. Apply 19 Ibis st.
Q*;A LOWER FLAT; 5 BOOMS, BATH;
aJ^m^Xj. modern. 1730 Baker, near California
I^l9 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LAKGE
.**. J-—, rooms, bath, gas and yard. 392p*> Mue-
nth St., bet. Noe ana sancnez water tree
Ql[l LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; GOOD
»-'-'* yard. 22 De Boom St., off b-.-coad, near
Br_ncaa.
51. 1 *. AND 1 9 — 2 NICE LOWER FLATS.
. •J 1 1 _ Ntneteeuih arid Collingwood sts.
ELEGANT CORNER FLAT: 7 HOOMS. 654
Church st., near Mission High SchaoL
•C* * TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 3JO FLAT'S
O*-* to lei ci.cap ai SPECK A Cu.'s, .02 M.r.eU
ELEGANT BAY- WINDOW: 6 sUNNY
j rooms, bath: $20. 7 5 Minna »:.. ur. Ninth. ;
Q9- .MODERN* FLAT; 8 BOOMS, BATH.
O— "-*• 11-Sa Howard sc, neat seven.
>LAT 6 SUN.NY BOOMS AND BATH;
cheap. 1511 Taylor St., b=L I'acihc and Broad-
way. #
'A : FELL— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YARD AND
t/U-J basement; rent $15.
VTICE SUNNY REAR LOWER FLAT; 4
_-• room.*.; rent $9, water free; South Par*, bet.
Bryan and Brannan sts. Api at BOY'EE, TOY
A bONNTAG'S, 30 Montgomery sl.
yI'.VXV MIDDLE FIAT OF 7 ROOMs AND
0 bath: rent $.2 50, water tree: south Park. bet.
Tryant and Br..uiian sts. Apply at BOY'EE, TOY
«_. bONNTAG'S, 30 Montgomery su
4 -ROOM FLAT*. FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
era! St. ; to a tenant without children; $10 per
month.' Key at 639 second st.
C>HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND .6
\J rooms, $810 $16: see them. 523 seventh Bt.
I'LATS 'IO rIE.\T .urt VERY LITTLE
JT money at BALDWIN A 4M-.U.N. -, IJ
juontgomery sc
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T*H__
.ptA- WEEKLY CALL. In WTao-er. for malllnn
P— ■—■——— PMiMP......MP^.lMMP..^— — M— — — _
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Buchanan street.
f_»fV9 BUCHANAN.COKNERFEI.L- 2*SUNNY'
cl"« furnished housekeeping rms.; from $13 up.
Rush Street.
90*1 Ol BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED
-''i"J2 sunny rooms for housekeeping: sink;
hath and yard, cheap.
Capp Street.
9/1 CAPP — TWO SUNNY ROOMs; NICE
_-'/ kitchen and small bedroom furui.hed com-
plete.
Ellis Street.
■79/Y ELLIS— FURNISHED BACK POOMS;
' I m-\J housekeeping; also single rooms; $5, $♦},
x liiti street.
*}9**: FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
OmCaJ keeping, 2, $11; 1, $7; sunny hall room, $5.
IOQI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KlTCH-
t— O'i en furui:hed for housekeeping*, first floor.
i ol som .Street.
Q-lrj 2 OR 8 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O-I'-'- housekeeping. 820 Folsom. near Fourth.
Harriet Street.
3 Harriet st., off HOYVARD, NEAR
Sixth— 2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms; $9,
Hickory Avenue.
,*1 Q HICKORY AYE- NEAR MARKET AND
1 •' Van Nees— Two connecting rooms for nouse-
, keeping; bath, etc.: private family.
\ -ones street.
5p JONES— PLEASANT BUNNY ROOMS
ti «J for housekeeping; suite or single; reason-
able.
Kearny Streer.
OQ/Y KEARNY*— 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
ZOU for housekeeping; coal or gas stove.
Larkin Street.
_f9Q LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FP.ONT ROOMS
u_-C/ for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
Market Street.
I f\(>Z MARKET. OPP. JONES-FRONT BAY-
JLUD-J window rooms and sunny housekeeping.
• l(\Cx-Q MARKET 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR}
_-Ut/0 nlahod sunny rooms, housekeeping.
Mason Street.
A 1 O MASON— NICELY' FURNISHED SUNNY
lit) rooms; suitable light housekeeping; leason-
able.*
_.1U1>» - <■«,..
' 4 (• MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
-0"±') piete for housekeeping; large yard.
HO A MINNA — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
• Oa cheap; do children.
Mission Street.
P.f'l MISSION, NEAR SECOND— LARGE
'I'll iront room with use Of kitchen; cheap.
!"-.<• I MISSION— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
OUI wl b g od yard; rent $6.
IfU'QMISSIO —CHEAPEST CLEAN SUN-
kJc'cJO ny rooms: housekeeping; and o hers.
Montgomery Street.
(-.97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
X*" * "bill *"*3 o'clock: branch office of .TUB
AH.L*. -ut.criptlon. and « ant ads taken.
Nmiuiiiii street.
C *:-. NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
OOU ing rooms; yard: rem $8 and .10 month.
701 , NAT °M*, COR. EIGHTH— CONNECT -
I v/J. Ing front rooms, housekeeping, with sink*.
cheap. ■ . f ..
1
■
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
- Ninth Street.
9fY NINTH— FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE; ('AS
mmiSJ water; stove. i.'46 Eighth— 2 large rooms.
Octavtn street. .
7*l 9 OCTAY'IA. NEAR MCALLISTER—
I_, lovely lower flat, seven looms; bath; all
modern Improvements.
Fsciflc Street"
-V** W. OR. PACIFIC AN D DE— 7 SUNNY
J-Y . unfurnished rooms and b>tli.
1 111* Si ree..
r»9l PINE-ROOM "WITH KITCHEN CON-
sJJ-. I ucctlng: lor man and wife; cheap; refer-
ences.
Of! 7 'IN* NEAR IOWELL— 3 FCR-
OU i nlshed housekeeping rooms with bath; also
other rooms.
i u.k Street.
/'I 9 POLK— SUNNY NEWLY' FURNISHED
l" 1— housekeeping rooms; kitchen: gas. bath;
reasonable.
1 V>9 J'OLK-RARE CHANCE FOR RIGHT
J •>»)_. party to rent dining-room, kitchen and
living-rooms; cheap. Call upsta rs.
]i-|Q POLK. COX. CLAY— I LAKGE, NlCE-
_L">*_->ly furnished sunny nont rooms for
housekeeping. Vt./
Scott Street.
"I "1 O SCOTT— TWO PARTLY FURNISHED
IXO rooms for housekeeping, and bath.
Seven tli street.
— — — — — .
99^1 SEVENTH— SUNN ROOMS SINGLE;
—— *1 or light houseki eping; rent reasonable.
Shot-veil Street.
9 SUNNY* CONNECTING ROOMS. HOUSE-
— keeling; gas. bath. 217 Shotwell sL
south Park.
"1 Q SOUTH PARK— PLEASANT CONNECT-
AU ing room* lurulshtd for housekeeping; $12;
also 1 room, $7.
Muekio'i street.
I TfkQ STOCKTON — 2 CONNECTING FUR-
IlUi) nlshed rooms for housekeeping; yard;
sink; cheap.
lurk Street.
C IQ LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING SIN-
«J'i-_> nvroom; running water; grate; gas and
bath; $1(>.
. iiirn Si ree..
1 ACI THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
JIUU*" housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
-1 4,} THIRD — sUNNY Hoi KEEPING
1 -J .J rooms, complete: also double rooms;
bath: gas. '-■- --"
ROOMS TO LET.
tuiiy Street.
QQ EDDY — NICE SINGLE FRONT ROOM
tJO for gentleman.
-I I c EDDY— SUNNY, CLEAN FURNISHED
He rooms $6 up; also housekeeping; no trau-
BienU * *; , ;■
Eighth Street.
1 SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 2R gTH
0 su. near. Market: furnished and unfurnished.
t 1 t,)i» EIGHTH— SUNNY UPPER FLAT. 3
'— U room* part y fmntsbed; suitable lor house-
I keeping: terms reasonable.
Liii. Street,
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDE<*-
cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining daiy pai ers: smoking-room and ladles'
i«r.or; open all night: room* per night. 35c to
$1 bl): week. $2 to *?**: month. $8 to $30: fire es-
<apes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
low ready .Lot and cold water In each room; baths.
I .'j"HE KAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
1 IiART. manager— A quiet lino.- ; centrally lo-
I cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
' 1 kills street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY"
hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
1 60c, 75c and $1 per Bight; $2 10 S5 per week.
Gulden Gate Avenue.
ft<)(\ GOLDEN GATE— NICELY* FURNISH ! D
0_»'" single room, with privilege of housekeep-
ing; $10.
Geary Street.
"I (IO OEARY — E. EGANTLY' FURNISHED
-Lc'o sunny room-; en suite or single; offices.
9| JT GIiARY ST., OPP. UNION SQ ARE—
— 1 O 4 unfurnished rooms; key at '-17 Geary st.
QQ7 GEA V— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
-00 I ny front rooms.
-791 GEARY— NICELY KURNISHED ROOM;
I — L rent reasonable; references.
bough Street.
nof: Gou-in— one sunny front room,
"J— *J newly furnished.
I ' ~
uvM.m si.c.-.
I 91 9' HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
\ mm. Am. rioms; cars communicate a.l over city;
I reference exchanged.
pQ/YQ ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
aJsJO 100ms. Miss L. DEAN, proprietress.
9. Q HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
>. V suites or single.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— SUNNY" FRONT SUITE, $15; SIN- i
I g c rooms, $5, $6 and $7.
71 HYDE— SINN I* URNISHED| FRONT
II I room; rent moderate.
I .
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasantsunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
Leidesdorfif Street*
11C* LEIDE-DORFF— NICE SUNNY ROOM;
j LIU private: gas; $1 25 per week.
: — -
Lexington Avenue.
DO*] LEXINGTON* AYE.-3 NICE SUNNY
Oi A furnisned rooms and bath; complete for
housekeeping; rem $18.
3. a. Let Street.
SI MITE HOUsr. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 x. night, $36 to $1 ; week, $1 50 10 $5; families.
i 1.199 MAI- KKT- NICELY FURNISHED
I -xi—— sunny suite; also single rooms.
1 S\OQ MARKET - SUNNY FRONT AND
J c-v-u back rooms; suitable for offices; terms
moderate.
Martha Place.
ft MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BET.
c* Mason ana Taylor; sunny rooms; $5 month.
Minns Street.
40-1 MINNA. BET. STH AND 6TH-NICE
iaua. front iooms,ss maun; hot, cold water baths.
4.".0 MINNA-NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
.toe* neatly furnlshtd. large close.; 94 60.
(MM M. 1 , -| A ' COR EIGHTH-NEWLY* FUR-
LI U I nlshed bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, ,*,! MISSION, SELECT
family rooming-house; **1 60 to f a per week.
rant) MISSION- N ICELY FURNISHED
l )o.mi sunny rooms; a quiet place; prices reason-
able.
0-• M -LA no X RON r ROOM, NEW-
-000 ly tdrnlihed. $9; other. $4.
1 991 MISSION-SINGLE AND EN SUITE-
-1 .m. — A rent reasonable; sunny.
I 941 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
A -ill sunny rooms; g ntlnnen only; no bl.l.
New Montgomery street.
FAPGO HOUSE, 105 NEW MONTGOMKRY—
Sunny furnished single rooms 7.1 c to $1 25 week.
Tost Street.
RANDOLPH HOUSE, 601 POST-CHANGED
Xt* hands: 50 bay-window parlors smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates; $1 50 to 24
per week. ■v . • .
(,9Q POST - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
a mm,, J front sul.e: toi et and bath connected.
n.j-l POST-NICELY* FURNISHED SINGLE
00l room: gas, water and bath *5 month.
71 a, POST— LARGE UNFURNISHED PAR-
I x. . > 1 >rs: suitable tor doctor's office; also fur-
nished sunny suite, term* reasonable.
ioweli Street.
190 POWELL- NICELY FURNISHED
AmOO rooms; suite or sin;. c; cheap.
bixth Street.
QO SIXTH -QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms: -dl conveniences; fireproof building.
bouth Park.
1(\ SOUTH PARK— H« UsKKEEPINQ AND
x\J single rooms for gentlemen; sunny.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1597.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Sißvi'Dson Btreet.
Af\ f \ STEVENSON — NEWLY FURNISHED
TWO rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or
without board.
Xi-l STEY'BNSON — SUNNY" FURNISHED
_"'"I or unfurnished room with running water
and stove
Stockton i.n)ot.
'pilE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
a. nlshed suites from $. to flO a week; single
rooms, 81 . U to $3 a week; hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty; elevntor.
•-utter Street. ~
| 9£» SUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY"
"i — VJ newly furnished light su .ny rooms, office-.;
bath: central; reasonable; appreciated If seen by
doctor.
'I J -UTTER- MCELY* FU R N ISHKD
0 1 *1 rooms: suite or single; low rent lodeslrab.j,
tenants.
Turk Street.
01 fk TURK— TYY'O SUNNY" FRONT ROOMS*
Oil' new furniture; b.th; private family.
— .
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR SIXTEEN 1H ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of T_ta Call (subscriptions and
want ads tak-n. ?*.-t
CHILDREN HOARDED. "
MOrHK.R'S PERSONAL CARE: 1 MONTH
old up: suniiv rooms; wholesome fool; low
rate-. R. J., box 122. Call Office.
BOARDING AND ROOMS. -
1 A VAN NEfs SUNNY' FRONT
H-LO alcove room: fold ins-bed; hand omely
furnished; vanning waier; large closets: board
optional. ; * -
9! r Y'AN NESS UNNY PARLORS*. FUR-
-1 «J nlshed or unfurnished; other sunny rooms;
board reasonable.
i Jill VAN * NESS. COIL BUSH-SUNNY
1 ll'l double and single rooms with board; tot
HOTEL B.RTLI.vO. 714 B SH-A FAMILY
hotel: rehce-c. an modern conveniences.
STORES TO LET.
QO CLEMENTINA ST  STORE AND 9 ROOMS
(DO cheap rent. Key 23.
ABBEK-SHOP. YVITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lislied 16 years; $lb per month; key at 639
second st.
v aipenter-»bop*. $7 per month. 6De Boom St.;
key at 539 Se oud sL
1' umblng-shop: 96 per month. 3 De Boom a-;
key at 5.9 second sl
Corners-ore, 5.1 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st,
DO I VALENCIA — OPPOSITE SCHOOL-
•J~x house; has living, rooms attached; $16.
ABHTON & *._RDNE.., 411 Montgomery st.
" '^fl!*; POWELL. NEAR PACIFIC— 2 SHOW-
I OKJO windows and living-rooms; cueap reut;
$15.
TO LET— STORE AND 21 ROOMS; SUN
.7 Minna sl; rent very cheap. MADISON _*
BURKE.
1 |(11-v INION-S.ORE, 3 ROOMS, SUITA-
■I-A-\JiJ able any business; trout carnouse; $12.
UO] MISSION, NEAR NEW PuaTOFFiCE
-I -Ifc- J- site— Large store, 3 rooms at.ached;
suitable for grocery or cUar-store.
l^->- STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
t-i-^mO. 1128 Howard su, near Seventh.
Ill' POL 'RTH — SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
_t A\J in rear: low rent. Apply to G. U. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery sL
LMNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FuR ANY
A business; one block from Market l&Grantave.
AT LOW RENT— PARi* o. _..-•_-_. AND
ba-em»*nt. 324 Pos". St.
OFFICES TO LET.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO RENT;
good loc. tion. 609 Kearny, room 8.
Desk i.o m iHi-AP; LARGE SUNNY OF*
fit-e, furnished. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
0 Powell— uestrao c offices, with gas, janitor aud
epevator. HOVE . TOY A CO., 30 o teomerv.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
C*"ALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
. pianos; patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of .11 loans. 228 Post.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY* FOR THE
next 5 days at MAUVaIS', 7.9 Market st.
ELEGANT BRUENN PIA O: G »oD AS
new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st,
* CTUALLY THE BEST BAUGAINs IN PI-
-"i. anopt; mon bly pa ments from «5 up: deliv-
er, d free with sod and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY',
salesro>m. 933 Market aL, opp. Mason; estab
lished over 20 years.
C_l AA UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
*J4>l.\J\J. bargain. BRUENN - .-., 2-8 Post sl.
i£« 1 9ft HaZELTON* UPRIGHT. STOOL,
V 1 —U. cover; 4.5 lustallmis. 221 Leavenworth.
YOU ARE WELC 'ME TO CREDIT AT
1 BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post sL -
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago Is K'.HLEIt A
CHASE'S 26, 28 and 30 o'Farrell s .; pianos, or-
gans and all otbtr musical lnstrum-nts, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ond-band pianos from $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 324 i osL
OCR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new plana SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and suiter sts.
DMINISI BATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
pianos at Immense reduction for cash or ou
ins -anient-. EATON ESTATE. 73S Market.
YUHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN"
it the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY' it CU'.-i.
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from Meinway down, can be found at -HER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.'S.
BAKGAIN*. FINE LARGE UPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ, IS McAUist.r.next Hibernia Bank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY a' CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a slock of new stein way pianos
HORN UNO'S PI\NO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant «mi powerful tone. 216 Post st.
Ur G. BADGEIL SOi.E AGENT FORHALLET
• f . A Davis and Francis Bacon planes. 415 -acta
I ANO - SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY -t CO.'S
on very easy payments.
YRON MALZY. 308 PvST ST.-sOHM_.il,
New By A Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD- NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repeirer 2 I a nam place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE — 60-HORBE- POWER ENGINE
and boiler; everything complete for lint-class
steam planu Address J., box 10. Call.
SALINGER'S DRY-GOODS STOCK AT YOUR
own price; San Jose.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINES; .SEW AND
second-hand; tools supp led, etc. 766 Bryant
I7IRESH CoW: MILKS FROM 11 TO 18
' quarts rich milk; gentle: lor family. 1312
Folium st.
THOROUGHBRED FOX-TERRIER PUPS.
310 Golden Gate aye.
, ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
i- cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
.tore and office furniture aud fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NLON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission 8., above Sixth.
FURNITURE 8-RO 'M MODERN FLAT; ALL
1 new. Call Ito 4, 833 Pine su ; ••; »- -.-
7VTEYV ELMYVOoD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
AY W. B. RAY* MFG. CO.. 12 California sl
L)OILERS,ENUINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY'
I* water-pipes. Mcintosh A Wolpman, 137 Bea._
BARS, SCALES MIKKOR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. M..XX, 1118 Mission.
COFFEE MILL SCALES, LETTER PRESS*
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
, ARS, fc)HOWCA***K-v COUNTERS, SIiELV-
J* ing, etc., Lought and Mid. 1003 Mission, 7th.
ONE ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burelar proof safe. 109-111 Market __
SEWING MACHINES.
SEWING chinks BOUGHT. HOLD
rented and repaired. 146 Sixth ■ 1. s. CQH •■ N
STORAGE.
REDUC D RATES, FUKNITU'iE, PIANOS,
household coo is. c J M IKRi >.. 735 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS. j.- .;;5,
DB.C.C O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
xJ 2864 25th sl ; diseases of v.onien aspecialt/.
•*-'*'•" ' " ' -* • ' - ' ' "■'— .
PERSON v>" -'
IHAY'E IMITATOhS. LOTS OF THEM: BUT
there's only one G. LEDEKER, and that's me.
.Mv strictly one price for all klnds^of balr-dressing
is 23c. Hair-dressing with shampoo. 50.-. ' QUI-
Ni.NIA" Hair Tonic 3 c. Gray or bleached hair
restored to natural color with perfectly harmless
preparation. G. EDERER, 111 Stockton st. Be
sure of ihe number.
"IirASHINGTO • BIRTHDAY* ENTERTAIV-
ii ment « ill be given this evening at Hamilton
Squire Hapt st Church, Posi su, ne.tr Stei per, for
the benefit '97 C E. convention. Admission, 25c;
children, 10c.
Cl F. M.— WRITE SO AS I CAN UNDER-
J . stand. you, or come up. DORA.
SCFFp RE It!
Your rheumatism will be cured if you will only
go at once to the ris tit place; there is but tbe mid
place lv the ciiv where you can he quickly ured.
Go to DX. SMITH'S ELECTROMAGNETIC
BATHS, -ANITA 1 [I'll, 1533 Buchanan St.
AIM . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR ME I-
-I*l c-han ; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye.
OLD GOLD T: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'i arrell su. nr. Mason.
FURNISHED ROO .IS: REASONAB E. MRS.
■a L. DEAN, 908 Howard St., near Filth.
Miss ( LLIE LAKE. CARD READER AND
magnetisu ! Booms 3 and 4, 309 Suiter.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW*- A .SPEC-
lalty: private; uo fee wi:bout snecess; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale*
damages, etc.: private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at y at-pfcw. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
sonub c: 10 years' experience; hr*. 10 to 12 m.,
2 to ,7:o8p m.G.K.WEBsTER, 1027 Market, r. 6.
U HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY' PLUMBER,
. gasfilter. b23Goldenoate ay. 'lei., Sutler 471.
0 -TROZY.N-SKI. •_4|('EARY ST., EXPERT
O. European hairdressers and cv ters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal others.
Cl VEGRANT YVILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
J • to his advantage by calling upon LANDRY
C. BaBIN, 413 Kearny St.
DIVORCE AND ANNLLMKNT OF 11AK-
XJ ria^e: terms of pa- mentob lelng; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market aU. S. F.
PAINTING, WHITENING. PAPERING:
X lowest estimates :besl work guarante d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
All S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
I'JL erer) has opened a stylish baird resting par or;
latest effects -.price 25c. 1 24 V_ O'Farrell. nr.Powell.
1 tUUI CARDS, $150. SHOW CARDS. ETC
X.KJKJKJ Tel. Black 141. BILL, 22*^ Geary su
_\ A DOZEN— -INE CABINET-. mmX Xv-
Ci SON'S nailery. 1028 Markeu
-.07 MONTGOMERY Si., BRANCH OFFICE
'— I .: L iti. Calx.; vsautads and subscriptions
taken.
I AKTINI'TON'S eCHcOL OF MAGvZINE
A and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms etc- 424 Pine su; Illustrations turuished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC H AlHiniE**-I.N*(i, 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MBS HUBBARD, 1104 Market ■&_, room 28.
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
It until cured: send for book. DRa Mans.
FIELD A PORTE RFI ELD. bSH Markei sU
J AGNIsCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
-I*l cblne; uses the klnetoscope films; price $25(1
BACIGALUPI. 946 Mar-et si.
II" ALL PAPER. 4C A RoLL; PAPER HANG-
'" Inn. palutlug.etc, by contract or day's work, at
your own pnee. S.K. MEKIGAN, 1302 Webster su
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON sHOW EVE-
1* ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. _ 140 Market st.
El. CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
x Winchester House. 44 Third fl, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
v. ee_ ; free bus and baggage to and trom tbe terry.
CYLOAKS. FUKS Aa .1 bt'lTs KKTAILED At
\J wbnlesaln prices Kactorr. 20 sansome su
clairvoyants.
All Hail her mar clous predic-
-.'V tons: only medium guaranteeing dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Fltzslmmons prize-fight;
named 3 winninc numbers In he last lofery
drawing: can give y.u a sure thing at the race-
track; ladies consult her on domestic and love
arta rs; removes evil influences and possesses onl ■
"Napoeou" tall man. Miss VaN DE Y'ERE,
Parisian nropheless. parlor 1, 1 Fifth su
MME. DX THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eg-;s and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, luture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by svmpaiiy: mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post su, nr Larkin.
MRS L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
daily; circle Monday and 'I hursday evenings
8 o'clock: 25c up. 1147 Mission st.
GYPSY' LIFE- LEADER, 3 ShVENH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 60c: all questions answered.
ISS MELVILLE. WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
Mr*. SYKILLE ELLs FKO.M. CKaDLk. TO
I*l grave: pictures given; ladies 25c: H4 o'FarielL
-.1 ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
lis business advice; names given; 25c up. s F. urtn
MME. MOKEAU, BESI CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard «L
■t. ME. WALTERS FTEHAMA: CARDS: LA-
-'1 dies 25c, geuts 50c. 961 Mission, nr. Sixth.
VI BS. WILSON, CARD-READER, REMOVED
Lil to 38 Eddy su, first floor, room 1. from 106
Fourth su
me. Hansen, palmi.t, card-ki-.ader;
±ia past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 6.
MM . I.EONA URNED; CARD. EADER;
magnetic treatmenU 995 Market, room 3.
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AN-* MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post St.. room 2
SPIRITUALISM.
Yl M, IX J. MEYER, CIR TO-NIGHT. TUEB.,
I*l Wed. and Fit, 2 p. St.; 10c; trance clr- Mon. &
Fri. eve., 2 c; sittings dally. 326 McA lister su
ME. Os.YIA , SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
i'l urn; life readings, love eff Irs, business Invest-
mining speculations a specially. 836 Mission
ij*DNA YVALLAcK, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
J ilnm and magnetic healer. 865*/_ Marketst.,
room 10.
BS. MAYO STEERS, 112Va OAKj.CIKCLE
I*l Tuesday, 8 p. _v, Thurs., . p. St.: readings $1.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN— CIR. SUN. EVi*. *, 25c:
lest mlg. Thur, eve.; sti-s dally. 426*/] Grove
AM. FRANCIS, DEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Hatch. sU; hours 9 until 6r. St.
MLS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 Til B, $1;
circles Tues. Fri.. 2P. St., 25c. 233 Valencia.
AIRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
i'l tranc te«t n edlum A life reader. 218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
snecess grid. Mesmeric I ns,6 O'Farrell
DENTISTS.
$7 FULL SET TEETH: BfcsT MAKE;
* . kept 1 i repair; extracting free; filllnKS.6oc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 6
-T years; painlest ex. ract in see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, ligiitest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yiars fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 0
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth stree..
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 market si*. ; open
evenings: Sundays till noon.
JJOSITI V KLY PA IN i.K-1 EXTRACTION. DR.
. AKDINO,SOOSutter cor. well: te1.ma1u5375
C^HALEaNT A CH.\ LEANT, MOVED T KOit
-■' 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
(^OLIO.s W... I ASSOCIa i'iO.N, 806-U.AK*
J ket su DR. I'ilAlU.K- W. DECKER.
Cj7 A SET FOR TEETH-WA I. ranted a..
tip I good as can be made; filling $1 DR sI.MMd,
cenilsu 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
pAINLESS TXTK ACTION, 60c; CROWN
-L bridge work a special plates $5 up*. lSveari
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815*4 Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 MARKET ST- NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
CliT or 'IEEtU lHT.iKl'T'*r_ai-, _«__
UH.U Young. 1841 Polk su
C'ROO.ME DENTAL ASSOCIATION*. 759 MAR-
I ket, beu 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extracting, wltn gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill. $1 up.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. '1 x\V. GEN INS
Leek demist, discoverer of painless t-tractloi
and patenlea of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 <J arrell j;.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR*
ranted. DP- J. U. KEY. 112. Market su
ITIOIIil.llAlTH.!;* SUPPLIES.
BEST GEL TINE PAPER IV MARK^T^IS
••Defender"; price low; try It. sole Coast
A.encr, California Ca mer- Company, 22 Geary su
BICYCI.ES.
ffl*^C -BEN-HUB," BRA D NEW; REGU-
tLP^O. lar price $85: guaranteed high grade.
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Market «L
_» . ' ■ ■.'-'--■: - '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP LOTS IN ALL
SECTIONS OF THE CITY.
CALL AT OUR OFFI E FOR A COMPLETE
PRINTED LIST.
$3100— Golden Gate aye.. nr. Devisadero St.:
key lot; sun all day: 25x100.
$2200 acl.— McAUisier su, bet. Baker and
Ly- n. 2 lots, each 26z 87:6.
$67 s— Cist owner $900; J su, bet. Bth and 9th
ayes. ; cios- 10 Afliiia.ed Colleg* s: 11 ice level io..
$140 . — foreclosure sale; McAllister st., hr.
Lott. 5x1.>7:6.
$1.50— *5U cash, $10 monthly; 2:1 aye., bet
< alitor and Cl ment sta; 25x120; nice neigh-
borhood; s.ree: work done.
$100. each— Bar.'atu; Ist aye., bet. California
and Cement sta ; .sxl 20 each.
$7uoeath— sso c-sb, ba.an.e » 10 monthly; 11th
and 12. h aves., net. call.ornla and Lake sts.; only
7 lots left; 43 o.s sold in less than 6 months.
$375 er en — 25th aye., bet. Pomi Lobos aye.
and Chmeni si. ; large lots, 25x180; i. rms -
$50 cash, balance $10 monthly: these lots are sell-
ing .ast; sutro electric . ars puss the property.
$1060 each— California su, bet 4tu an i 6th
■ li—,: fine level lots; only $60 ca.h, bal.uce $lo
m nthly.
$140»»— Sacramento su, near Laurel; very cheap;
25x102:7.
$9-i —McAllister St.. beu Willaid and First
aye.; 25x137:6; one block from par_.
$14 o— Cu up lot on R.dle st ; _5x114.
"$2750— Probate sale: cor. Hayes a d layton j
sts.; 25x1- 0;3. lot a-'j.iniug on Clayton, 25x
106:.; price $1900.
$550 each— Douglass s:., beu SOth and 21st; 3
lots, a. h 25x130.
$10.'0 h— 24;h St., b*t. Diamond and Doug-
lass: 2 lots, 25x114 each: Mls.ion-su eleciric-c-rs
on 2.th su
$4500 — A good speculation; 24 lots on the ocean
beach: 49th .re., 1 block from the park, and Very
cheap and terms can be arra g<*d.
$2-160— Fell su. beu Broderuk and Baker; 25x
18/ *6: street accepted; side sew. r ; aid.
BALD A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SACBIFICED FOR CASH— BEST CORNER
O In the Mission, -W. Folsom and Twenty-first
sts., 65x90; will subdivide; al>o SW. Twentieth
and Treat aye., _5xll0; and N «ide Paste, 37:6
feet from cor. Shrader. bet. Shrader and Stan-
yau, 60x106. Herb Institute, 1205 Mar.et st.
OlAAfl FOR -ALE OR EXCHANGE.
tJ^i'XKJKJKJ . New cottage on 23d aye- East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and batn: high basement; brick
luuutlaubu; umy windows; loi6-'xl6o.
G. H. UMBSEN <fc CO..
14 Montgomery sL
ffij.*7-*.,| SOMETHING EXTRA FINE*. A
tip Iw". new 11-room house In the bonton of
the YV tern Addition; rooms finely frescoed: gas
md ere rle fixiuies throughout; terms tosuit;
will ta_e in part payment a good building lou
DRY HOUSES TO LIVE IN. OR CHEAP LOIS
to build on. PATTERSON A Co., 2 Valencia.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FCRNITUhE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F. , Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no < ommissions: no. delays.
3. NOON AN, 101710 1023 Atis-ton su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
Q>*-Min f\f\(\ AT 61 '3 PER CENT ON CITY
t~pOKJKJ .KJKJKJ real estate; also Oakland testates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 .Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most 1 beral advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rules.
Baldwin Jewelry store, 948 Markeu
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided in. crests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without reuiovau
McCOLGAN, 24 Montiiomery s:.. room 3.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE. WITH
very light Interest, is the secret of our success.
A ut-rale Loan Office, Flood building, *09 Markeu
C-lfi (Iflfi TO loan ON CITY heal
CiV.UUU estate at 6 per cent. M. B.LEVY*,
11 Montgomery su
St'-^'Y lin(l ' aA *& KATES.- Ist AND
ajPOmmIO, KJKJKJ 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as iow as $50. H. MURPHY. 623 Market su
U'HY PAY HIGH INT. ON sMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d morigag-; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ON PI AN. WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low interest: nocoiumtssio.i. 116McAlli,ter su
ON FURNITURE; VERY LoW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
C.--00,tJOU ON CITY AND COUNTRY PK. P-
<P "Jerty ; low rates. A. sell i LLKK, .20Caia.su
I OANs ON REAL EST ATE*. LoWEST RATE
luterest JAS.B.B OoKS, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WiLLIAMs, 214 Pine su, room 3.
Q*-.A TO $50,000; Low »-..- t I. Alt-.: 1.-1 A
t£)OKJ mortgage; hal or lnstlmnu Dryden, 635 CaL
ADVANCE-, ON DIAMONDS. J X >.v Ki.KV.v.TC
Columbia Loan A « ollaierai Offlce. ;« i rant aye.
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
s r_ment used; every woman her own physi-
cl n for all fema c trou ties, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day: can be sent
and used al home; all cases guaranteed; genul c
new pro- ess can only be had at my < thee. Adver-
tised 20 years DR. POPPi-R, 318 Kea ny su
H. J.H. JO-SELY*N,THE GREAT SPECIAL*
ist, still offers his va uab c services to ihe un-
u-rtun-'.e. With a mind ma ured a d euric led by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the cata.ogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c re Ladles, he Is always ready
loaasislyou. His knowledge has been streng h-
eued by extensive experience. No case pecu.iar
to your delicate organism is beyond his sure con-
trol. His fema c monthly r> mcdl s are sure aud
safe in their eft ct*. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in heir
action, and are warranted for both younp* and o.d.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
over 6 J years of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure iv all c-ses. Consu. ta ton parlors. 91)6
Market su Cad or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
\ LL CASEs OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
-£a. (from whatever cans-) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: instant relief for
travelers: home in confinement; best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrated reined es for monthly
suppression never fat : medical electricity for all
fema c comp alms: every c.ise guaranteed: con-
sultation f r. c, contiden. lai; hours 10 to s*. pills $L
MRS. DR. YVYETH, 916 Post sb, rear Larkin.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIB-
-.'-V eases from whatever civs-; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; sntl-ifactlon guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tur_ at. ,
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motler what cau.e; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money tn every
case refunded if a cure Is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult tree the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIEs, 14 McAilis St., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. M. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. _.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
-i»- store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boors w en m.*dlcines
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable: first-class privstn
home for conflnemenu MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute core for all female dis-
eases (no matter wbat cause): positively safe and
Hire, no dang or after effects: taken in timet:
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
tent free by mall on receipt ot price. \V A_Li.lt
BROS., .3 Grant aye.
DX. AND MR-i_YV GENER. 626 EDDY ST.:
private homefevery comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinemeu. : female complaints
skillfully treated; regular i hysician*. quick re lef
fur travelers; best care; ter ■ s moderate; babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $2.
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill tree diagnosis; low fees; self-cur-, 401
Van Ness aye.
ALPEAU 8 FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; 92 60exiressC O D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BUO-., Coast Agents, Oakland;..;!.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
n shed for *1 cull or write. lu29*/_ M rket SU,
beu Sixth and seventh, san i ranci.-ic, Cal.
Q**- 1 /m PAID FOR A CASK 1 FAIL TO CURE
t^.IKJKJ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DX. SCOTT.4IO Geary
DU PEAK'- FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
A-' safe and efficient emmeua.Oßue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <& CO., druggists, 406 Clay Bi.,soleagt-,
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DiL JORDAN AT
bis museum. 1061 Market st.: his 30 year*
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfac. only by mall.
HOME IN CONI MEN 1; IR.. JSGULARI-
ties restored. DR. AND MRS RAY, 61 Fifth.
HOME. A ERIE AND MOTHER'S CARE
MRS. DR. FL'NKE. 1416 Eighth su, Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl CASK
seeMRS.DR. PUETZ and becontent. '-64 41b.
I kFL. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. t-.Att
J ' Jones. Disease* of women and children.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOhCE LAW'S A SPEC-
laity; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc; private detective-.: esiab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE 860 .v, arkei st , corner Stockton su
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
cessful. W. YV. DAVIu.-ON. 927 Mar.et su
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• icle building; advice Lee. lowfe a: all cases.
ADVICE FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC
cessfu- J. G. JEFFR-.SS, 632 Market, rm.23.
COUNTRY real estate.
T ANDSOF THE
ESTATE OF LELAND STANFORD. Deceased,
FOR SALE
BY ORDER OF
MRP. JANE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
BY* McAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE okfr**
AND finan- L AGENTS.
108 montgomery street.
REDLANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
the famous oj*-tnge be: The property known
as tue **-Miilmai Ranch." within the town
limits of Red.ands acd only one mile
from the business center. surrounded
by the beauti ul orange tr.ves and resi-
dence-, for whici that p ate is well known. Tne
property s planted 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 150 acres in granes, and also oranges, al-
ia. fa ii d grain: only a few hundr d feet from two
rat. roads, winery aud everything necessan* for
wine makin.: a.l under rrig-tiopi. his property
can lie subdivided into towu lots or acre lots, total
acreage 262 Y__ acres. <
SAN* LUIS OBISPO COUNTY"— THE PROP-
O erty known us the "McCoppiu Tract."
containing 830 acres: two miles from
the icwn of San l.nis Obispo: planted
in barley and hay: rich back soil; farm-
house, barn and oilier out-bouses suitable lor
fruits and vegetables; picturesque locality and
fine climate Sau Luis Obispo Is on the const line
of railroad which will soon be comp.eted through
to Los Ange'es and be the choice scenic overland
route.
TEHAMA COUNTY-PROPERTY KNOWN
as the "Copeland Ranch," containing -.000
acres adjoining the Vina viueyard, now be onging
to r-tanford University. The Copeland ranch was
used by Governor Stanford as a h' rs- farm, aud
j every applian. c for raising and tralnlm. horses
exists tneie, .nc uding barns, paidocks, training
tracks end Kindergarten, etc., with good dwellings,
men's quar.ers, c.c.; the soil Is rich black riv r
bot om. covered with fine oaks: the Sacramento
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th s ranch b a earn boms -dam water lor irri-
gation from Deer Creek is distributed all over ihe
land; the .election of ibis tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrant, us excellence as a horse farm.
TEHAMA COUNT PROPERTY KNOWN
as the "Shafer Tract." containing 240 acres,
on l)>er Creek, about one mile from Copeland
rancn: partially pUnted in assorted trulls and
vineyard: a'l un ier irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and til fenced.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
BAI GAIN; $25 TO $35 PER ACRE; CHOP E
land: 2houis'ride from the i ity. H.J. DiG-
GLES, 69Co'umniau building, -*. F.
FR SALE— I 2-0 A RESGR \IN* AND FRUIT
land: fenced and Improved. Inquire N. A.
BR i TON, YMlliams. Cal.
pARDEN LAND FOR .GR IN LAND
VT prices: very < ho cc fur irun. vegetables or al-
falfa; no irrigation needed: ch-ap transp rta lon
to market; we.l improved. LAKE, room 70, 916
Market sl., "a. F.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
O California landt for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms btf-V I, Chronicle bu. ldlng, san Francisco,
RANCH BARGAIN: $1 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
lanch: best part of Kern Co R., box 20, Call Office.
lITTI.E homes a lose TO TOWN; im-
x proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 year.' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-V. WEEKLY CALL. In wraDDer. for mail mc.
OAKLANi) ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— -op» BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BY ORDER OF THE RANK. A MODE N
bouse: 8 rooms and bath; tot 44x100 fine
location: 2 blocks from sal. on; li t»...u at once
can be bad lor $'-50U; easy terms, if desired.
YV ILLIAM J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth st , Oakland,
ANTI-.D— PLACE IN ELMHURsT IN EX-
ii change for very lar.e oi and modern 5 room
cottage in Lorin; price ?2250: no mortga.e. Ap-
ply lmmediae yto A. J. aNYDER & Co., 467
Ninth sl. - ak'and.
©7"-; TO *>150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
am I O lots in the town of Fltchbnrg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, oy the Southern Packhc
Company: only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
eft' minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
c. M. i'.l'NKLc, owner, t>lsi/3 asnlngtou sl,
Oakland i a:.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISE HE II
.H*,A"*fKT>-. L-.P.L ecTU**.
I OWN NICE RrSIDENCE . OT. B0 FEET
front, in .Milwaukee, Wis., worth *30 per front
-.ooi; would ilk** to exchange for same value in
A.ameda D. B. HANSON, 9 Fiemont st-, s. F.
<SiOA A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STHEEI'
-JpZ. _t work all done*, on a main avenue. 2 blocks
from YY'lllow-streei station. YV. B. FITCH, Bay
Station. Alameda, or GaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
St., san Fianci.to.
. AKGAINS-.30 P RFOOT;LOTB ON NORTH
i - aide San Antonio aye., near Grand st.
«1 250— 50x160; .-an Jos-i aye., ur. Willow sL
$1760—50x150. new modern honse. 6 rooms
and bath; nor'.u side ot street; must be sold at
ouce. . ->-:
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
■ 1500 Park at.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
r-KOOM MODERs HOUSL, YVELL LOCATED.
Q $35. See H. A. SMITH, 27 Market St.. oral
residence, 2067 '■'an Jose aye., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER
I*l refused; house of o rooms: bath: stable; chic «-
en-house: street work done: near the cars. JOS.
J. Mas N. Berkeley st* tion
■ |
BERKELEY HOUSES.
I URNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
C bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MUS. S.
J. I.*- GALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOUR-ROOM COTTAGE ON HATTIE ST..
-T near Etg teenth-streit tars: price, $.000;
bank mortgage of $1100, OL", percent, can remain;
will exchange for soot- small place In uaKlan-i or
Cos Angeles, Cal. Address W. 11, STANLEY',
4460 Seventeenth st. ]-.. ',- -:
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMK-i
-3 lor sale. W. O-TF. l '. <*. WHIT I. >-' inn l*%».
PROPERTY WANTED.
"11TANTED— RESIDENCE IN WESTERN AD-
II dltion or Income proi.ertv from $4000 to $16,.
000 Addre-s L.. box 52, Call Office. - *
B-iil b?. — — A>fcATll>l
[Birth, marriage ani death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. Tbey must be banded In a,
either of Lie publication offices and be Indorse!
ith the name and residence of persons authorised
to have .be tame published. I
HORN.
DONAHUE— Id Livermore. Alameda County,
Ca'.. February 16, 1-9 7, to the wife of Ed Dona-
hue, a son.
HENRY— In Oakland, February 21, 1897. to the
wlteoi In M. Henry, a daughter.
HITCHCOCK— In Piedmont. February 21. 1897,
to tne wi .c of Cecil E. itltcbc- ck, a daughter.
PIKE— this city. February 20, 1897, to the wife
o.ED Pike, a ion.
DUD.
Beckerer. Catherine .Monet. Charles
Birmingham, t h.r.o Murphy. Mary
cooney. Margar- O'Couuell Harry
Dunham, An R. Orudorff, Nettle
Ebemait, Matthew Ostrom, Charles M.
Fureason, Mary Passet, Willie
Golden, H .nora K. Paulson, Cbarles
.'iea:iey. Ro*.ana Rander. Herman
Ingram, Warren H. Ryan, Mary
Keegan, Jonn Sua nou, Thomas B.
Ere iz. Emma W. Sourdry EdouarJ V.
Lawlor. Mary J. L. Bu n merfi Id. A. Jr.
Lynch. Ma el R. A. Wall, Carl H.
McPaddeu D nl-*l Weaver Pearl
Met- euev, Mrs. B. A. Wood. Mrs.
Miller. Marian Young. Annie McKee
BECKERER— In this city, February 21, 1897,
Catherine, beloved w fe of Charles Heckerer, ana
aunt of Mrs. Ni bo ■ 1 bode of Sac Pab o. Cal.,
a native of Ho s em. •rmany. aged 60 y are. '
BIRMINGHAM— In Danville. Cut., February 20,
. 1897, Charlotte E. le.oved wife of Mark Birm-
i .g .am. mrmerlv known a. Brumaglm, an early
pioneer ana banker a Marysv.l.e aid San Fran-
cisco a;ed 70 years. [New York paper* please
copy.] .--■"..• :•
4-F"lnierment private.
CO p.Nf.Y— ln this city. February 20 1897. Mar
garet Coone.. nelov**d sister of tbe laic Mrs.
Sweeney, a native of County Galwa/, Ireland,
m- I -0 ear*. [Bo- on p Der-i please copy. i
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu ly Invite. i to attend tue funeral TH _» \ v
(Monday;, at 2*o'cioc_ p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1124 York sreet. tbeuce to St Peter's
Church for services, Interment Mount Calvary
, i emelerv.
DUNHa M-ln Oakland, February 19, 1897. Anna
.Rand Dun am.
EBERHART— In this cltv. February 20, 1897, !
Matthew, beloved husband of ranardlue Eber-
hart, father of Phlllin M Eberhart, and brother
of Joe Eb mart, a native of w urteniberg, uer-
mau/.aitel 41 years 4 month, and 3 days. A.
member of san Francisco Sc iwnben Y'erein.
Mission Lois*- No 10. O. d. H. S., Mission Turn
Y'erein and Ver In Denlsc.ier Wirihe. -
£s" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ioa t- d Lie funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
den c. 1-7 a Capp street, between sixteenth anil
Seventeenth, the - io Sau Francisco Turn
l-ail, 32» Turk street, where fnn**ral services
will be hei i. couimenciu.* at 2 O'clock P. St.
luleriueu Laurel Hill Cemeierv.
FUItGASOV— Ia this civ. Feoraarr 20. 1897.
->.arv Fur.a-.on, a native of lliiuols, a_,ed 37
years and 8 months. ■ .
GOLDEN— In th.< clt.\ February 21.1897. Han0ra
X., relict of th- late Maurice M. Goldeu. and
aunt of Katie and Ju ia c 1 fiord, a native of
i apr. reive v ounly Kerr.-, ire. aua, a,sd .5
years
£_r Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to ft. tend t c luneral WEDNESDAY',
February 24 nt 9 o'clock a. St., from her lata
re-ldence, 1701 Ma.on street, thence to St.
Francis Churcu, Y*Hlieji> street: where a requiem
high mas* will be celebr.ii d or the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock; __ m. Inter-
inen. Holy Cross Ce.ae.er.-.
HEANEY— In this city, February 20, 1897,
Ros ma, belovel daughter ot John. an. tho late
Jane Heaney, an I sister of Joun Kan I M.J.
Heaney. a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years
j 8 m nth, i.nd .0 days
$S_T"T'riei.d.pi and acquaintances are, respect-
In v invit-d to auend tie funeral THIS ,\y
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. if., from her late resl-
den c. *-U. 6 Taylor Street, corner Greenwich,
tn-nceio "st. ir.ucis ' nurcu, wuere a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrate 1 for the repose of
her soul, com in en -inn a: t) -.30 o'clock a. it. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
N. I). G. W — The • fficer* and members of Alta
Parlor So. 3, N. D G. \V.. are hereby no.ifled io
attend the funeral of our deceased sister.
-Ml--* Hose Heaney 2.-_fi Taylor street, THIS
DAY (Monda*), at 8:30 o'c.oc- a.--. B order
| or the president, MRS. A. A. i'OM.RbY.
! INGRAM — lnlbiscitv, February 21. 1897, War-
ren Harold, iniant son of R. H. and Angle V.
Ingram a native of Saa Francisco, aged 1 month
and .9 days. * :.'..*.v
KEEGaN— will be an anniversary reqnlera.
high mass in St- Rpendau a <_u<-rou, corner of
Fremont and Harrson streets THIS DAY
(Monjay ). at 8 o'clock a. m., for the repose of
the soul of John Keega i. Friends and acqu-inl-
a ices areresuecifu.ly invited io attend
KRENZ— In this city. F-bruary 20. 1897. Emma
W. d. ail oelove.l daughter of i tio .»i. and the
late Caroline Krenz, and sister of William iCren/.
and Mrs. Edward Uilma in, a native of San
Francisco, a.ed 10 years an- 17 days. .
LAW . u it— Entered in.o res.. In this city. Febru-
ary 20, 1807, Mary Jean Llddle beloved wlie of
Jonn M. Lxwlor. a d mother of Li. lie Jean and
John William Lawlor, a native Of New Yoik
Ci y. aged 4- years. ' "V ,
<9Tlntermen. private.
LYNCH— Inihi. city, February 19 1897, Mabel
it A. Lynch, a nat re -j San Francisco, a_ed 14
years 3 months ani 18 days.
McFADDEN— In this cltv. February 21. 1897,.
Daniel McFadden, a native of lr..;.ud, aged 42
y<-» s.'
SSS~Frlends and acquaintances are re%r>*c-
full Invl.edtoa lend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), froth the l .pel of St. Joseph's
nome for li.cura.les, P»r< Hill, where a
soiemn requiem ma>s .v.ii be celebrated tor the .
repose of his soul, comruencin. m 10 o'clock
a. St. Interment Holy Cross Cemeteri*.
MeG -KNI- V— A solemn requiem mass will bo ccle*.
lira ed THIS DAY (Mo. day), at 9:30 o'cioc.c
A m.. . I St- omime's Church, lor the repose* of
the soul of the. die Sirs, iirldeet A. Mct.een*-y.
Friends and acquaintances ate respecttuily in-
vited to a tend.
MILLKR— In this city. February 19. 1837, Marian
Miller, a native of Missouri, aged 65 years 5
months and 19 days.
MONET— In this city. February 19, 1897. Charles,
beloved husband of Mrs. Minnl* Monet, son of
Mr and Mr-i. J. H. ..o.et. aid brother of i eny,
Emma. Victor and Louis Monet, a native of
Diamond Spuuis, El Dorado County, cal., aged
40 years. X
tf-^Frlends and acquaintances an? respect-
fully Invite i 10 atiend .ne funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. si., from his late
residence, 19V*j Glover street; interment
Cypress Lawn cemetery.
l PHY'— ln til's city. February 21, 1897, Man-
Murphy, be.oved mother of Jeremiah -Murphy,
M..a Jonn T. Darling and the laic John Murphy,
a native of County Muyo, Ireland, aged 60 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city. Fenruarv 20. "l 897.
H rry, beloved son of tne late Jeremiah aui
Annie O Conneb, and bother of Thomas, Wil-
liam, Lizzie a. id Mary O'Connell an.l Ms. Mar-
garet Dowd. a native of County Cor_, Ireland,
asied 27 years.
Se"Fiienils and acquaintances are respect-
In vi led to attend tne unenil TO-MOKBOW
(Tuesday), at 1 :£0 o'clock i*. St.. from his late
rest ie..ce. 312 Fifth street, thence to S:. Pat-
rick's Church, wlie c services will be held for
th ■ repose of his .soul, commencing a: 2 o'clock
P. st Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ORNDORFF— In this city, February 21, 1897,
Nettie, wife of James W. Oindorfi, and mother
of Harry F and Fred C. Orudorrt', a native of
Bethel, Maine, aged 55 years 6 months and 3
days.
a__TThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 13 Powell street. Interment private.
Please omu flowers.
OSTROM— In Berkeley, February 20.1897 Charles
M., son of Ho i. D. A. Ostrom. aid husband of
- Ivy Hager Ostrom, aged 36 years 4 mouius _uU
9 days.
as-Funeral TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 11
o'clock a. m, at Wh atlaud Yuba County.
PASSET— In this city, Febru try 21. 1897. YVillle,
only and beloved son or Mrs. Sophie and the
late W ll iam Passet and broih»rof Lizzie. Lena,
Josie and Alice Passeu a native of Oakland,
aged 12 years 1 monin and 1 day.
P.*LL*iON-Jn this city, February 19, 1897,
Charles, beloved husband of senna Paulson, a
native of Norway, a.ed 53 years 5 months and
24 days.
49-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful v invited to attend .he funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from L O. O. F.
Hail, corner Marnei and Seventh streets,
under the auspices of Cos pull an Lodge No.
194. I. O. (J. t. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RANDER —In this city, February J9, 1897, Her-
man Rander, a na ive of **weden, ago . 08 years.
A member of the Scandinavian Society.
_)TJ*Friends and acquaintances ar-i respect-
j fully livited to atient the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. St., from the par-
| lors of H. I*. Petersen «fc Co 228 McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCANDINAY'IAN SOCIETY— To the officers and
members: You are hereby no lfied to assemble
ai 2-_:8 McAllister street THIS DaY (Mon-
I day), at l:li0 o'clock p. m.. fcr the purpose of
attending the funeral of our la c member, Her-
man ttunder. Ly order of the p. esident.
11. P. PETERSON. Ree. Sec.
RYAN— In this city, February -.1. 1b97, Mary,
beloved wife of D. J. Ryau, a native of County
Cl re. '-• ml aged 3< *-e*irs.
tS~ Friends of the family are respectfully in-
vite ■ to a. en I the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her la;e
residence. 2935 VVashlnglOa stree:, thence to St.
Dominic's Cunrcb, Hush and >teiuer sireets,
where a requiem nitn mast will be celebrate 1
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. si. lnterinea; Holy cross mater 7.
SHANNON— In this city, February 21, 1897.
Thomas B. Shannon, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 69 years and 5 months.
SOI'RD Y'— ln Oakland. February 20. 1897.
Edoua d ictor. beloved son of .Mrs. C. and the
late John G. sourdr--. and brother Mme.de
Begen of Taris, a native of Columbia, Cal., aced
41 var* 6 mouths an.l 29 days.
,03" Friends are respectfully Invited to a.ten I
fie funeral WEDNESDAY, February 24. at 10
o'cloc . a. St. from his late residence. **8 santa
C.ara aveuue, thence io 65:. Francis de Sales
Church, whera a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for ihe repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. __ Interm.n:
Mount Calvary Cemetery, san Francisco.
BUMMEKFIEI D— In ran Rafael, February 20,
1897, Alexander. Summerfleld Jr., beloved hus-
band of Jennie Sumrn rtleld, and hro.n-*r of Mrs.
Tlshler, A. Summerfleld of Hawthorne. Nev.,
Mrs. J. Carnet: Mrs. St OIL Mrs. E.Coleman and
llattie Summerfleld, aged 45 years 5 months
and 14 da*-s.
■_»- Funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at. 2
o'clock p. St., from his late residence. Palm ave-
nue. San Rafael.
WALL— In tnls city, February 18, 1897, Carl Her-
man, beloved son of Charles W. and Reglna
Wall, a native of san Francisco, aged 6 years 5
months and Li days. • ..
83" .he funeral look -lace yesterday (Sun-
day). February -1. at 10:30 o'clock a. >t , from
the residence of the parents, Sid Prospect place,
off California street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
WEAVER— In Alameda. Pearl, dearly beloved
daughter of Will and Ida A. Weaver, a native of
A a eda, Ca .. aiteu 6 years and A moutus.
K-TFrtetids and acoualntances are respect-
fu ,y invited to atte d the fun ral THIS DAY
. (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. __, from the - Park-
sir*et M. K. Church Aa. a '■.;_. Cal. Interment
Mountain View Ceme'.ery
WOOD— Iu ibis «lty, Febr.iary 21, 1897. Mrs.
Wood, mother of Jo c hM. Wood, aptain P. g.
YVood, Airs. John F. Swift and Mrs George a.
Norris, a native of New York, aged 86 years.
[New York aid cine nna l papers please copy.l
. Friends ar-» reoecifullv invite 1 o aite.il
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at
11:>0 o'ciock a.m.. at Sl Luke's . pis op .1
Church, corner Cl iy street and Van Ness avenue.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak. and.
YOUNG— In this city. February .0. i«97, at 545
Wiscnns n street. Annie McKee Young, belovel
s ster of Mrs. Mackin osh, Air* McMillan and
William 8., John, James, Rober , Grace and
Isabella Young, a native of Eug and, aged 22
ye.,rs _ months and . .1 .vs.
Friends and acquaintances are. resn-*c*-
fuliy invited to at c irt the funeral services
TO-_I«iRRi YV (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m..
a' her late residence. 545 Wi'ro .sin street
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3*30
train from Third and own end stree. s.
Y. -L L— lgnatiai Council Na 35. Y. M. I.: The
. annual requiem mist for the repos-* of the souls
ofourdecea.s i brother members of tne Y. M.I.
wil be tetebra-.-d TBI. AY (Mondiy), at
10 o'clock a. St. a*. St. Mary's < hurch, California
str.-eu Rela..ves and friends o. deDarted
' or thersa.d all members of thi order are In-
* vited to attend.
WicAV A CA-UCHER, [7,
FONKRAL DIBU'TORS & EMBALM -Bs
to Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
Telephone 3080. • ' *■
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETER?,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST C_a&
tery to the city: non-sectarian; In __■__•-___
eluaive: location uneicelled. Office *•*; Mattel
««H««--«i Wa «^ *___ .^ —-■•-■
1112
HOW WILL YOU
CELEBRATE TO-DAY
Parades, Literary Exercises
and Patriotic Demon
strations.
Out of Door Amusements and
Sports in Many Different
Forms.
Oakland Will Have Attractions of All
Kinds — Balls and Socials in
the Ev.ning.
Washington'! birthday, coming as ii
does immediately following Sunday, will
be moie generally observed in this Cny
this year than is usually the cas*. In ad
dition to the usual exercises in commem
oration of the event a large number ol
sporting and athletic events are an
nounced, and those who desire to spend
the cay in the open air need not want for
opportunities.
Among the literary entertainments will
be that by the Young Men's Institute,
which will take place at Metropolitan
Temple at _ o'clock p. m. In the evening
the same organ zation will give a ball at
Mechanics' Pavilion. The Improved Order
of Red Men will give _ ball in the evening
at Odd Fellows' Hall.
In addition to parading in Oakland
during the afternoon the Junior Order of
American Mechanics will give a literary
and musical entertainment at Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Butter street, in the even
ing. The Ladies' Aid Society of the How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church
will give an entertainment at the church
in the evening.
The Salvation Army programme in
cludes the dedication of the new institute
and shelter at New Montgomery and How
ard streets and an entertainment at Metro
politan Kail in the evening.'
The Stale League of Iroquois Clubs will
hold its annual conference, closing with a
banquet at Delmonico's in the evening.
The Sons of the American Revolution
will hold their annual meeting and ban
quet at the Occidental in the evening.
Rev. Dr. Rader of the Tuird Congrega
tional Church will lecture on the cnarac
ter ot Washington at the Mission Young
Men's Christian Association at 8
o'clock v. M.
The Women's Press Association will
hold a social iv Native Sons' Hall begin
ning at 2 p. m.
Beethoven Hall will be the scene of a
tea given under the auspices of the Daugh
ters of the Revolution in the evening.
The Ladies' Aid Society of " the Central
Methodist Church will give a patriotic
bocial and literary entertainment at the
church.
The .-porting events include the bicycle
races at the Velodrome, coursing at Ingle
side Park, the Olympic Gun Club inani
mate target tournament, the boat races,
baseball at Central Park, tennis and the
boxing bouts at the California Club this
evening.
Then there is the naval battalion in
spection, the First Regiment review, the
Second Brigade parade on Van Ness ave
nue and other attractions.
In addition to its parade Oakland will
Lave many other attractions.
Company D, First Regiment Boys'
Brigade, will have a flag-raising at the
Fight!. -avenue Methodist Church in the
aiternoon.
The Piute Indians and the Heesemans
baseball clubs win play at Golden Gate
ParK, North Oakland, at 2 o'clock.
The Henry Clay Debating Society has
arranged an entertainment at Y. M. C. A.
Hall in the evening.
The Exempt Firemen's Association of
--land will give its second annual ball
at Germania Hall in the evening.
Unity Chapter, O. E. S., will give a
Martha Washington party in Fraternal
Hall.
The Woman's Republican Club of Oak
land will tender a banquet to Captain
Thomas, the Republican nominee for
Mayor, in the evening.
The councils of the Young Men's Insti
tute in Oakland will observe the birthday
of George Washington by a --rand enter
tainment in the Exposition building, be
ginning at 8 o'clock p. m.
There will be a special matinee perform
ance ot the historic war drama, the "Blue
and Gray," at the Oakland Theater.
MARRIAGES SHOULD LAST
Rev. C. A Splinter Speaks
Against Divorce at St.
Dominic's Church.
He Says the Present System I; as
Bad a Form of Po ygamy as
M rmonism.
Rev. C. A. Splinter, 0.P., lectured at St.
Dominic's Church last night on "Marriage
and Divorce."
The speaker, who is an eloquent priest
from the East, gave an analytical view of
the views of marriage held by the Catholic
church. He said, among other things:
"American legislatures have gone wronj.
on the marriage and divorce question, and
as a result divorces are increasing more
than twice as rapidly as the population.
In 1867 there were 9937 divorces in the
United States, but in 186*3 there were 25.537.
'The proportion or ratio of divorces to
marriages runs as high as one to eight
and ten. I ask you whether Mormonism
is much worse than this reckless system
of divorces. Cardinal Gibbons made the
distinction that in Mormonism polygamy
is simultaneous, but in divorces it is con
tinuous.
"Tne Catholic church regards marriage
as a contract and as a sacrament. It must
also have the elements of unity and indis
solubility. The teaching of holy writ is
plain that what God has joined "tocether
no man should put asunder. It is one of
the contracts that the . parties have no
right to meddle with. Our holy church
puts rare safeguards about it. believine
that good marriages are essential to a land
of pood homes and liberty."
Catholics Win the Election.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Feb. 21.— The
bye election for St. Boniface yesterday
hinged entirely upon the Manitoba
school question and created undisputed
interest. The fight was between the
Catholic clergy candidate, Lauon, and
the Liberal candidate Bertrand. As was ex
pected the church candidate was elected,
his majority hem .* 192.
The Liberals or anti-*ectarian school
party put up a strong light, but the in
fluence exerted by the church was too
great to overcome. Arc bishop Langevin
personally taking part in the campaign
and exhorting his flock from the pulpit to
vote for Lauon. Roman Catholics are
greatly elated over the victory, as it in
dorses their stand for separate schools and
prolongs the Manitoba light.
Send books, music or magazines to be bound
to the bindery. My&ell-RoHlns, 22 Clay. •
*pppf*— lß_H— _Bft*_Ml__B_M *"
Sketches Made at the First Day's Meeting of the Interstate Coursing Club at Ingleside Park.
WAS A PIONEER
AND A PATRIOT
Thomas B. Shannon Ex
pires at His Home on
Larkin Street.
Was Speaker of the California
Assembly and in
Congress.
He R presented the State When
Lincoln Was at th; H*ad of
the N ition.
Thomas B. Shannon died at his resi
dence, 2319J_ Larkin street, yesterday aft
ernoon. The fatal affliction was paralysis
of the brain.
Mr. Shannon was singularly identified
with the political history of California.
From his arrival in the Western El Do
rado, when its vestments of statehood were
yet new the name of Thomas B. Shannon
was one of the best known of California's
public men.
He served in one of the first Legislatures
of the Sta!e with dignity and ability. His
evident fitness for a position of trust and
his personal popularity secured for him
his election to the Speakership of the As
sembly, the duties of which he adminis
tered for one term.
When the question of California's loy
alty was raised the Republicans of this
State chose their National representatives
with a special recard to their patriotism
both to their State and to the Union.
Among these Thomas B. Shannon was
elected to represent California in Con
gress, and he served during all the vex
atious period when Abraham Lincoln was
President
During all of hi« political career he had
been a stanch .Republican, and when the
leaders of his party recommended him to
President Grant as a proper recipient of
executive favors, his distinguished ser
vices in the halls of Congress during the
Nation's peril not yet forgotten, the Presi
dent appointed him Collector of the Port i
of this City. This position he held during
Grant's two terms.
That was the last public office which he
has held. During the last lew years he
had devoted himself largely to business
ventures, which proved unfortunate and
wrecked what was once a considerable
fortune.
Mr. Shannon was born in Pennsylvania
and was, at the time of his death, 89 years
and 5 months old. He leaves a widow,
FOR THE SAKE OF ORPHAN CHILDREN.
Charles Dickman is to assume the role of the drunken father in the comedy of
"Caste," to be presented at the California Theater on March 1 for the benefit of
charity. As old man Eccles he will pose as the worthless parent of Miss Leila
Burton and Miss Rose Hooper, two young society belles, who are to play the
romantic parts attributed to Eccles' daughters. s_T7.£:
Mr. Dickman, a member of the firm' of Dickman-Jones, lithographers, is an
artist by profession and a typical Bohemian by inclination. He has taken part
in numerous amateur theatrical perlormances here and in Oakland. His specialty
is humor end dial ct. To the Bohemian Club and to the Press Club he has proved
himself r. most agreeable entertainer on dramatic nights. It is said also, by those
who know him intimately, that on certain occasions he has told some rare little
stories in different dialects.
Those who have seen him in the rehersals of "Caste" declare that he does the
inebriate with an abandon charming in one assuming a strange condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 3 897.
five daughters and one son. The daugh
ters are Mrs. S. G. B. Mills, Mrs. W. F.
rleeson, Mrs. J. McClelland and Misses
Nettie and India Shrntion. The son, Wal
ter S. Shannon, is at present engaged at
A nereis Camp.
Mr. Shannon was a popular member of
the Society oi California Pioneers. He
was also a member of the order of Free
and Accepted Masons.
Arrangements have not yet been made
for the funeral.
HOSPITAL CONCERT.
The -Trench Benevolent Society Raise
Minis by Means of Music.
The concert given last night in Native
Sons' Hall, under the management of a
committee ot directors of the French Hos
pital, was quite successful. There were
about 1000 in the audience and fully 1000
tickets were sold to persons who did not
attend. The purpose of the entertainment
was to raise funds to pay the dues of those
members of the Societe Francaisede Bien
faisance Mutuelle who have been unable
to contribute the amounts due by tnem.
The sum netted will be abundant for this
purpose.
The musicians were all local talent
selected from the French colony here.
The committee which arranged the enter
tainment was composed of H. Fahregue,
J. P. L.artigan, L. Borqu.raz, F. Fagot hey
and J. Cottle.
The programme, the rendition of which
was under the direction of Professor Mar
tinez, was greeted with enthusiastic ap
plause, and was as follows:
Selection, "Faust" (Gounod), Miss Amanda
Corcoran and M. S. Martinez; prologue of
"1 l'Ht;liHCCi" (Leoncavallo), M. Benin Weill;
grand air from "La Heine de _aba" (Gounod),
chaute, Mme. Lucie Fiehter; "Lv ll'le ac
Eigne," M Paul Girard; grand air irom
"Chalet" (Adams), chants "J. Eugene Bour
nlzean; air, "Robert, toi que j'alme" (Meyer
beer). Mile. Annie Webber; chunsonnette
cum. que, M. Emtio Penez; grand duet,
"Trouvere" (Verdi). Mme. Lucie Fiehter and
M. Marcel Perron; "Lea Noces de Joanne tte" —
Jeannette, Mile. Julie Cotte; Jean, M. J. B.
Perron; Petit Pierre, Mile. G. Soria; i nomas,
M. Eugene Bournizeau.
HIS EOOM BOBBED.
C. K. !**nith of .Portland Loses Money
and Jewelry.
C. E. Smith, a wealthy foundryman of
Portland, Or., and his wile are heavy
losers by the act of a burglar who entered
their rooms at 929 a Sutter street last Sat
urday evening during their absence.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith on returning from
the theater found the contents of two
trunks strewn on the carpet. After exam
ination they reported the loss of $400 in
money with over *F»>0) worth of jewelry,
including gold watches, diamond pins,
rings, lockets and brooches, as well us an
overcoat which hung in a closet.
An examination of the trunks showed
that they had been forced open by a
jimmy, while it was evident that the
burglar bad gained an entrance by open
ing the front door with a key, as none of
the windows had "been tampered with.
The police are working on the case.
The City of Everett Arrives.
The steamer City of Everett, from Nanaimo,
arrived in port yesterday. She reported a
rough passage, encountering strong northwest
winds, with rain aud sleet, squalls and heavy
seas the entire trip.
RACING TO-DAY
AT INGLESIDE
A Very Attractive Card
for the Opening
Day.
The Royally Bred Rcsormonde
an Announced Starter in
the Stake.
Plunger Grannan turns to Town.
Schiller All Rieht After His
Four-Mile Run
Once more the scene of racing opera
tions shifts to Ingleside track. The card
afforded for this afternoon looks as though
the big holiday throng that will undoubt
edly be present at the lo**al track might
wrest a few dollars from the bookmakers.
There is considerable class to the major
ity of the stables, and these sort of horses
generally run to form.
The feature of the day's sport will be
the Moet & Chandon White *al stake
for two-year-old fillies,woithsl.>UO. Among
the announced starters is the aristocratic
ally bred Kosormonde, daughter of Or
monde and Fairy Rose. Much interest
will attach to her appearance. The young
misses promise to furnish a very pretty
contest.
Starting in the other events are such
well-known performers as Ferrier, game
old Logan, Waivable, Montalvo, the crack
hurdler, David, George Miller and Pres
ton. Altogether the card is quite in keep
ing with the high-class sport furnished
race-goers at the local track.
Schiller came out of his four-mile
journey in the Thornton stake on Satur
day in excellent shape, and is apparently
none the worse for wear and tear.
Riley Grannan, Harry Harris and
Charley Quinn arrived in town from
Coronado Beach yesterday, where they
had been sojourning during the Oakland
meeting. Awaiting Grannan was a tel -
cram announcing the death of his father
at Paris, K.V., the latter part of last week.
Mr. Grannan will not journey home, as he
would be unable to reach there in time to
be present at the funeral. The plunger's
paternal parent has been ailing for some
months and his death was not unexpected.
California climate appears to have ac
complished wonders in the way of improv
ing the saddle work of J. Shields. For a
time the lad seemed unable to get Prank
Jaubert away from the post, but the last
«*ouple of times, the right sort of coin
down, the youngster has been a veritable
Lamley at Retting away. It is to be hoped
this good saddle work will continue.
Ana, l>v the way, speaking of the race
won by Jaubert on Saturday at Oakland,
it looked very much like a "shoo." Red
Glenn scratched to get out of the rumpus,
and it looked as though none of the other
starters were very hungry for a purse.
The Call acknowledges with thanks a
handsomely bound catalogue of the trot
ting and running stock owned by Palo
Alto stock farm.
Following are the entries:
First race, one mile, purse.
570 t-nowdown 109 568 Roadrunner 113
605 Rrametta 102 1 577 Can't Dance..,. 112
■>*>!' Fnllerton l.ass..HHi 392 Flambeautte ... 88
50» Hrimitjir 107 659 Tar mid Tartar. 108
476 Favor? 11l 671 Franca 99
Sen ond race, one mile, purse.
656 t-«*rrier 116 499 George Palmer. 95
558 Logan 11l 555 Xarnn'a 93
571 Joan 107 .... Co.. Wheeler.... 98
677 Cabrlllo. llfi 650 Mentor 98
577 Formal 11*.
Third race, one and one-eighth miles, selling.
643 Saleable 11l 507 Lincoln II 87
674 Lady Uursit.... 99 .... Hotspur 105
673 lamella. 9.1 669 Marcel 100
673 Hansom 102
Fourih rare, the M.'.-t * Chandon While Seal
stakes, value $1300, lour furlon.s.
(478; Free Lady 115 611 Queen Mat). .. . 115
42*1 -olden Ech0. ..115 567 On Gun. Mia. ..115
Sal m era 115 511 Kommel 110
.. . Koaoraaoada ...lis Miss uowenu ..115
5(57 F'ullen 1-rtucessllU Napomax, 116
Fifth race, one and one-eighth miles, hurdle.
647 Monta'vo 147 630 Mr. Heel 136
565 Herman 1.41 565 "'old Dust 151
(565'Heddi' mon 15. 1 579 Hkalkaho Im
651 The Bachelor.. I*. 464 Cynioor. 134
558 Tuxedo 161 347, Idaho Chief ... 137
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, purse.
668 Mahogany 107 608 Sclmii-. 110
444 Fclxct'O 101 568 ;ii/.*-i I) 102
(558)1! eorge Miller. .lo7 (656)PavlJ 114
654 Salisbury 11. 107: 626 -atsuma. 110
498 Kins William. .lo7 (444)l'resto.'i 107
852 Ar.pntaoe. 105 .... Mojave, 107
489 Clip-lie H 10_|
SEHCTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race—Scimitar, Favory, Bra
metta.
Second race—Ferrler. Formal, Stentor.
Third race—Salvable, Lincoln 11,
Ban-am.
Fourth —No selection*.
Fifth rac<_ — M<>)> tal Reddington,
Mr. Keel.
Sixth race—David, Preston, Salis
bury 11.
Seaman Drowned.
Olof Nelson, a seaman, was washed from the
Jlbboom of the steamer Reliance Saturday and
drowned. Tne steamer was at the time thirty
miles off Point Roves. Nelson was a native of
Norway and was 40 years oi age.
■ m m m
The New Cholrhouse.
This evening the cholrhouse of the Church
of the Advent, on Mission street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth, will be formally
opened. There will be au illustrated lecture,
the proceeds of which will be devoted to the
furnishing fund of the new quartern
m m m
Jkw-ki.ry store, 6 and 7 Third street, removed to
SO. Kearny street.
THE JOHN GRACE
CHALLENGE CUP
Spirited Competition at the
Ingleside Coursing
Park.
Successful Opening Day ol
the Great Interstate
Meeting.
The Talent Were Heav/ Losers, but
Expct to Recoup Themselves
at To-Day's Courses.
I
The meeting of the Interstate Coursing
Club at Ingleside opened yesterday and
will be concluded to-day, beginning at 11
o'clock this morning. '
The main event was the all-aged-dog
event, with forty entries, for the John
t Grace challenge cup.
The donor of the prize was himself
officiating as judge and his son, James P.
Grace, was the "slipper." With such men
as these — the recognized leaders in cours
ing circles in this State— it is not astonish
ing that the preliminary work of yester
day moved on so smoothly.
The veterans were assisted by T. J.
McHugh, James Wren, J. 11. Dickson,
0. C. Griswold and H. H. D;*vine as field
stewards, while W. Halpin acted a3 slip
steward and J. Sheehan wielded the flag.
The Ingleside Coursing Park is unques
tionably the ereatest in this country for
this class of sport, and every dog of note
in the State in condition for a run could
be seen in the Kennel.
Their owneis were present, too, as well
as their friends, who crowded the grand
stand and betting ring to the number of
over two thousand.
Less than half tho regular programme,
which includes the all age, 40 dons; Der
by, 14 entries, and the saplings, 14 entries,
was run yesterday when darkness set in.
In coursing, as in horse-racing, the tal
ent is supposed to have a shade the best
of it at the betting-post. Form, built up
on pedigree and past performances con
stitute their divining-rod which points to
the sure winner.
But how often does one hear of the
talent being "dumped." Their judgment
goes for naught as against the mere guess
work of a tyro who picks out a long-shot.
In coursing there is no such thing as
jockeying such as may be indulged in on
the oval track, hence the gambler and
form player in the held feels surer than
the racetrack punter when he has ones
picked out his dog. ..'or instance, yester
day there were a dozen "sure-thing"
courses. They were "dead-sure things."
for that matter, but a few of them, though
"dead," managed to "crawl," and the
most-knowing dogmen lost heavily.
In the case of Lissak against Bed of
Stone it wns 10 to 2on tne former, Royal
Buck sold 50 to 10 against Mohawk, Sky ball
sold _ to 1 against St. Lawrence and Fly
ing Buck brought 4 to 1 against Grace
Darling.
In each of these courses the favorites
fell most ignominiously and the talent
lort heavily.
The different courses were run as fol
low?:
Spud- Pasha- Eclipse — led from slips,
and alter a long run-up look the turn by a
length, placing Pasha, who turned and kiLed.
Score, 3 and 3. In the run-off Eclipse led by
two lengths, followed with a turn, placing
Pasha, who, after some sharp give-and-take
work, killed and lost. Score, 9to 4.
Valley Maid-Will o' Wisp— The Maid led by
two good lengths. Will o' Wisp killing and
losing. Score. 3to 2.
Sarcastic ran a bye with Boomerang, Ben
Hur having been injured while training.
Sam-Moondyne— lhe<e gieat dogs were
slipped to a demon of a hate, who carried
them up und down the field lor 22 points. The
run-up was very close, Moondyne finally se
curing it by a scanty length, placing Sam for
2 points. Then some very fast and clever work
followed. Moondyne finally killing and get
ting the flag. Score, 14 to 8.
Bed of Stone-Lis*ak -Bed of Stone took the
turn by a length, worked the nare for a couple
01 points, placed Lissak for two points, puss
coming again to Bed of Stone for two points,
when Lissak rushed in, killed and lost. Score,
8 to 4.
Susie-Laurelwood — showed the speed
to the hare by three lengths, and after a gruel
ing course all over the field pave Luurelwood a
thorough thrashing. Score, 20 to ti.
Beatrlce-Brandeu Belle— Brandon Belle sim
ply ran away from Beatrice, taking the turn
by seven lengths. Score. 7 to 3.
Wayfarer-Blackstone — Wayiarer got the run
up by a very close margin, worked in his usual
clever style anil won by x score "I 5 to 3.
Royal Buck-Mohawk— Royal Buck led to the
hare by two lengths, placing Mohawk, who
went on and cleverly worked puss for lour
points and a kill. 1 Score, ti to 4.-
Arapahoe-Flashlight— Alter a sharp run-up
Flashlight got the turn by a length and a halt,
and after son*, very clever work by both dogs
the flag went up for Flashlight. Score, 7 to 6.
Emm rasha-Swinnerton — Tbe dogs were
slipped to a regular Merced flier. Pasha taking
the turn by two lengths and fairly smothering
Swinnerton. Score, 12 to 2.
Commodore-Magnet— This was a very short
course; Commodore got the run-up by two
lengths, Magnet securing the kill. Score, 3
to 2.
Si.Lawrence-Sky Ball— The fliers were slipped
to a good • hare, St. Lawrence taking the turn
oy a scant length. After some hot work by both
dogs the decision went to St, Lawrence. Score,
7 to 3.
Master Glcnklrk-Sly Boy— After a run almost
across the field Glcnklrk got the turn, puss
escaping. Score, 2to 0.
Old Glory-Senorita— A short race. Old Glory
getting the turn by a length, Senorlta killing.
Score, 3 to 2.
Flying Buck-Grace Darling— Grace led from
the jump, took the turn by a length and a hall
and ever let the Buck in. Score, 6to 0.
Kitty Scott-Fear Not— Fear Not led to the
hare by two lengths, came on for two turns,
when Kitty shot in and killed and lost. Score,
5 to 3.
Nellie "Conroy-Busy Bee— fine pair of
dogs were slipped to a demon of a hare. Nellie
Conroy took the turn by tnree lengths, and,
after some snappy work by both dogs, Nellie
secured the verdict. Scored 10 to 4.
Sinaloa-West .Side — The dugs wore slipped
to a good hare, West Side getting the run-up
by two lengths. Then some very clever give
and-take work followed. West Side got the
flag by a scare of 0 to 6. -
Granuale-Blue Rock— Granuale led Jby five
lengths, placed Blue Rock lor two points, came
In, turned, killed and won. Score, 7 to 2.
TIIK DSBBT STAKE.
Hazel Glen-Lord Lurgen— Hazel led to the
hare by live lengths, placed the Lord lor two
points, came in, worked tne hare lor half a
dozen points, winding up with a very clever
kill. Score. to 3. *
Nelly Daly-Alice D— Nellie Daley, after a
smart run, got the turn by two lengths, placed
Alice for two points, turned and killed. Score,
tt to 2.
El Dorado-Tessfe Fair— led all the way,
making a clever pick-up. Score, sto 0.
Forget-Me-Not-Cotinemara— Alter a no-go
race Connemara led to the hare, and after
some smart work killed and won. Score, 8 to 2.
Myrtle-Charming Widow— Myrtle led up by
seven lengths, never allowing Charming
Widow to score. Score, tt to 0.
Miss Sad ler-Salvator— Miss Sadler led to the
hare by two good lengths, and after some
quick work by both dogs scored a neat kill
and won. Score, Bto 4.
Donca-*ter-Mountaineer— The dogs struck a
hare which carried them across the field.
Some quick, snappy work followed, Doncaster
finally securing a clever kill and win. Score.
7 to 4. -;•-::-'-
SAPLING STAKES.
North Pole-Prospero— ln a short run North
Pole led by a length, placed Prospero, came In
for two points, again placed Prospero, who
turned, killed and lost. Score, sto 4.
Occidental-Pasha— All in favor of Occidental,
who led up by five lengths and made a very
neat kill. Score. 4to O.
Chile Pepper-Colonel North— . Pepper
took the turn by a length, when some "hot
stuff work took place, the Pepper getting the
flag by a score of 5 to 4. .-■-•■■:.:-.
Zoe-Gallant Foe— Zoe led to the hare by two
lengths, tried for the hare, missed and placed
Gallant Foe, who worked puss very cleverly
for naif a dozen points. Zoe came in and
-^-. .-— ~~— --~- -~-~-~~~*l3_!Z_s_^
NOVELTY *
BLACK
GOODS!
SPRING 1897.
Our importations of NEW BLACK DRESS
FABRICS are now ready for inspection. The
styles are the most elegant we have ever
shown and are the production of the best
manufacturers.
SPECIAL !
50 pieces 44-Inch BLACK FIGURED DRESS
FABRICS, in an elegant variety of designs,
75c a Yard.
75 pieces BLACK PIREOLA CLOTH, in a J
good assortment of styles (both figured
and striped), full 44 inches in width,
$1.00 a Yard.
12 pieces 44-Inch BLACK PIREOLA CLOTH,
all elegant designs,
$1.50 a Yard.
• Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
TBLiEPHONB C2-R,__=*_N'T 124,
ls%Sjfjr&*S"*J
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST SThtci.
some neat workbook place, followed by a very
clever kill and win by Gallant Foe. score, 14
to 7.
Perfecto-rrlnce Annan A short course,
Perfecto leading all the way, and killing.
Score. 4 to 0.
Belie Brandon-Nellie B— After a no-go, Belle
Brandeu took the turn by thiee lengths,
placed Nellie B lor two points, turned, killea
and won. Score, 0 to 2.
Portia-Chevalier— chevalier led to the turn
by eight lengths after a corking hare. lul
led the pup« a merry chase for twenty-four
points, finally falling before Chevalier. Score,
18 to 6.
Among the biggest winners of the day,
and the one who is likely to take home
the best part of the prizes, is Tom Hall of
Merced. He brought four dogs here, two
for the all-a.e state, one for the puppy
and another for the sapling courses. He
proved a winner in each case.
AN EVENING OP AET.
The Centnry Club Preparing an Es
thetic Entertainment,
The members of the Century Club are
preparing for an evening of art next
Wednesday which will eclipse anything
of this particular nature which the club
has heretofore undertaken. Tho affair is
to be in no sense public, and is declared
by the president, Mrs. P. B. Cornwall, to
be only one of the monthly sessions of in
tellectual entertainment which the club
has been conducting so successfully.
Nevertheless it is admitted that the art
committee, of which Mrs. Horace Wilson
is chairman, has made extraordinary
efforts to have an art display at the rooms
of the club which will be of unusual merit.
In order to accomplish this end tbe
ladies have made application to many of
the leading artists within a reasonable
tance of dan Francisco for loans, and they
have respondtd Graciously. The limited
facilities for display which the Century
Club's rooms possess will not allow of an
elaborate exhibition in point of numbers,
so only one or two pictures ' nave been
asked from each artist. In all it is
thought about seventy-five artists will
com; with the requests of the ladies.
The "affair Wednesday evening is to be
strictly a club affair, governed by the
same rules which prevail at their ordinary
social meeting. ■'^-/... 1 ."
On Friday afternoon a reception will be
tendered the artists and their friends. The
paintings will in the meantime aaorn the
rooms of the club. p.; ,_£•*
rEENCH CHUECH SEEVIOES.
Feast of the Forty Hours* Devotion
Solemnly Celebrated.
The French Catholic Church commenced
yesterday morning the least of the Forty
Hours' Devotion. The church had been
be autilully decorated for the occasion by
a committee of ladies under the direction
of Mrs. Bluxome. c **._'':
Flowers had been banked profusely
about the altar. Over the tabernacle was
a bower of La France roses surmounted by
a cross of the same flowers. The stations
were also elaborately decorated.
Solemn high mass was .celebrated by
Rev. A. Loude: The sermon, the subject
Of which was "The Holy Eucharist," was
preached by Rev. Emile Genie, S. M. He
dwelt at length upon the idea that the
Lord is our friend, our help and our suste
nance. He traced the history of the
eucharist, and explained its significance
from the standpoint of the Catholic
church. ■..--''
This morning there will be a sermon at
7:45. and at 9 .olemn high mass will be
sung. ;- ;^;
rasa tea, the violinist, is remarkably simple
in his manner of life. Though his apartments
in London are magnificent, bis food is always
of the most homely kind— not much bitter
than thatol an ordinary laborer.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tit ha- __/?
%\gmm.raafj_^_\ j_ZJ\rrrf~f~~#- mry
V «X y**^f^*r\ **<C4iC-*tU4Z viipjifc
Direct importers, selling
to families.
Whether your table costs
$10 or $100 a month, we
would like to supply it, as-
suring you of the best and
freshest obtainable.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Eggs doz. 15c.
Warranted all fresh.
Teas 35c, 3 lbs. $i.
Regularly 50c. Eight varieties to se-
lect from; surely we ought to please '
you.
Claret gal. 45c.
Regularly 75c. Nothing but age could
improve it. Send your empty bottles;
we'll do the rest.
Spanish Olives qt. 25c. I
Regularly 35c. Extra large Queen/
deiicatein flavor; the kind you don't
have to learn to like.
Forsyth's Raisins
5-lb cartons 95c
Regularly $1.25. Large Clusters, in .
beautiful cartons. A good opportu-
nity to remember your Eastern
friends.
French Fruits in Brandy.
Bottle 35c
Regularly 50c. Bottled by Tesson-
neau at Bordeaux. The brandy alone
worth more to import.
Alkethrepta tin 25c.
Regularly 30c' .Prepared from choco-
late containing the purest of materials
only. Popular for many years.
Glace Fruits (Imported).
lb. 40c, 2 lbs. 75c.
Regularly £oc. Direct importation
only affords you this opportunity.
Catalogue free. Simply
send us your address.
¥A. 01 1 11* * Pres * H. "Vordman V*_**p-T»r«-
A. W. Kir*. Sec. Jos. -Nordmao, ;Trea.. .
Hp^ B__r '
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNY STREET