VOLUME LXXXI.— NO. 02.
CUBAN AMAZONS
BRUTALLY SLAIN
Shot Down by Spaniards
While Guarding ths
Sick and Wounded.
"Women Battle Bravely in the
Night Against Oids That
Overwhelm Them.
Horrible Acts Committed by Weyler's
Forces That Should Cause the
World to Protest.
NEW YORK, X. V, Jan. 30.— A special
from Key West, Fla., says: A horrible
v comes from Ilemedio*, near Placetas.
■4 insurgents had a large hospital where
" were quartered sick and wounded soldiers.
.Near the insurgent camp was also located
the well-known leper hospital of Cardosa,
in which were about twenty unfortunates.
Guarding the insurgent hospital was a
company of Cuban amazons, numbering
about seventy, under command of Senorita
Inez Alvarez, whose father and brothers
had teen butchered by Spaniards, and who
had taken up arms for revenge.
This hospital was in an isolated locality
and was thought to be safe from Spanish
ruolestation, but a colonel of the Spanish
r^iiuont, De Bourbona, reconnoitoring in
ustrict, learned of the hospital's lo
cation and sent 500 men to destroy it. The
B] aniardt attacked at night and fired the
buildings. The inmates and Amazon
puards awoke to find the flames roaring
about them. The sick and wounded soi
diers could not escape, but the Amazons
rushed out only to be greeted by murder
res.
The Amazons fought bravely, but they
ncre only a handful compared to the
Spaniards and were soon shot down:
Many of these were butchered, except
. whose peculiar beauty led the
<h commander t8 order them saved
for a fate worse than death. In the hos
pital there were more than seventy sick
and wounded soldiers, six surgeons and
ten nurses. Not one of these escaped, and
including the Amazons nearly 150 people
dims ;o Fpanish thirst for slanghter.
turning the Spaniards passed the
le; er hospital, which they set on f.re, and
nearly all of the inmates perished in the
1! a rues.
Another frightful story comes from
.Mutanzas province. One of Weyler's fly
i:ie squadrons discovered a batch of Cu
huts near the. great cave of Mazote, a
tamous natural curiosity in Matanzas.
paniur is proceeded to fire the hut?,
; while so engaged were fired on, four
ol the troops bains killed. The shots con
lused the Spaniards and gave the Cubans,
about lorty in number, including women
end children, time to escape to the cave of
Mazote,
The Cubans, who were led by Enrique
Rodriguez and bis five grown sons, barri
caded the cave and determined to sell
their lives dearly.
The cave had hardly been Darricaded
when the Spaniards arrived. They de
manded that the Cubans surrender, and,
this being refused, attempted to break
down the barricade. The Cubans fired,
killing and wounding-several Spaniards.
The Spaniards then managed to build, a
great fire against the mouth of the cave,
and, with riries and mscnetes ready, wait
ed for the flames and smoke to drive out
the Cubans.
Facing cremation, the. hopeless Cubans
broke through the'wall of fire only to be
greeted by a murderbusvolie.y.-. Enrique
Rodriguez and hi-s five sons and eight
other male members of the Cuban party
were killed, and several others. wounded.
These were qnickly butchered..
The Cuban women and children rushed
through the flames, but their clothing
ignited and eleven of them were "burned
to death, the Spaniards not offering, to aid
tnem. Among the women who perished
were five beautif.ul young daughters of
iKnnque Rodriguez. Six little children
ranging from 4 to 8 years were also cre
mated. In all over thirty Cubans died by
Spain's bullet?, machetes and fires. Not
a man escaped.
The survivors were Senora Rodriguez,
several other women and a few children.
They were taken to Matanzas City and
lodged in prison as enemies of Spain.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 30.— Advices
jieceived to-night by steamer Olivette say:
I A secret meeting was held in the palace
«nt!y in- which Ahumada, Weyler's
substitute, Palmerola, Secretary cf the
Government, Galvaz and Cueto, for the
Autonomist party, and Rabell and Rivero
for the reformists, took part, and it is
Jiint.'d a representative of the firm of
Hauptraann cfc Co., Rothschi.'ds' Bgents at
Havana, assisted. The object of the
meeting was to discuss the proposed re
firms soon to be granted ro Cuba.
Somebody was required to make over
tures to Gomez, the head— or so they be
lieved — of the revolution, and Marcos
(inrria, a Cuban, was designated. He ac
cepted the pr posa ; . He will start to
morrow for Sanctus Spiritus, and from
there will proceed to Gomez 1 camp, which
is said to be in that vicinity. Doubts are
entertained as to whether Gomez will re
ceive him or enter into any negotiations
with the Spanish Government. It is re
ported mat Gomez has warned Garcia
thai if he catches him he will hang him
a* * traitor to his country.
' n-urgents have captured the town
of Palmaa Atlan, near Manzanillo, sack
ing all the'stores.
INDICTED AS FILIBUSTERS.
General Jloloff and Dr. LuU to lie Tried
at llaltlntore.
KALTIMOKE.Ma, Jan. 30.— The United
Grand Jury to-day found inriict
«fainst General Carlos Roloff, Sec
'-'Ury ol War of the provisional govern
t, and his compatriot, Dr. Jose J.
. on the charge of beginning, setting
on foot, and providing, within the dis
trict of Maryland, means for a military
expedition agairm the territory of a for
eign powers with whom the United
States is at peace, to-wit: against the
island of Cuba. The crime is charged as
committed July 3, 1895. Captain Hudson
The Call
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY MORNING. JANUARY 31. 1597-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
on that day purchased the steamer James
Goodall in this port ior the Cuban junta
and ntted her up as a filibuster.
On July 9 of that year the Goodall sailed
hence ostensibly for Yucatan; but it is
alleged that Roloff and Luis caused the
vessel to put in at Arbor Key, Fla., where
men and munitions of war were taken
aboard »nd subsequently landed on the
Cuban coast.
A second indictment for conspiracy is
found against the men in which the name
of John T. Smith, otherwise known as J.
T. Smith, is included, ftoloff is said to be
in the indictment as Mr. Miller, and Mr.
Luis has a number of aliases, among
wnich are J. J. Luis, J. J. Luccas and Dr.
Luccas. A bench warrant will be issued
and the men brought here from New
York, where they are held in bail by
United States Commissioner Shields for
trial.
CESSATION OF HOSTILITIES.
Spanish Officials Vainly Hope to End.
:htt War in Cuba.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 30.— Eroca
says that General Acarrtna, Minister of
War, has intimated in the course of con
versation that an arrangement with the
Cuban rebels looking to a cessation of hos
tilities in Cuba may possibly 8e reached
soon.
The Madrid newspapers profess belief
that the recent visit of United States Minis
ter Taylor to the Duke of Tetuan, Foreign
Minister, was an incident of mighty influ
ence in its effect on Cuba.
DARING BURGLARS BEHIND BARS.
One of Them Confesses to a Series of
Robberies, Some of Which Were
Committed in Cal icrnia.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 30 —Burglars
entered the factory of the Gold Leaf
Manufacturing Company of George H.
Reeves between midnight and 1 o'clock
this morning and secured gold leal to the
amount of $1500. The whole contents of
the safe, containing tools, etc., were vaiued
at $6000.
The police have arrested three men, and
it is said a confession has been obtained
from one of them. According to them
two others are implicated, and the five
h&v". operated extensively west of this city.
The officers visitel a house on West
Twenty-second street and there recovered
all the stolen goods, besides several hun
dred dollars' worth of other stuff, said to
have been stolen here and in other citie?.
A few weeks ago a safe was blown open
in a Clarlc-street saloon. The money was
recovered to-day, together with some gold
watches, which led the police to believe
that the gang committed the recent $5000
robbery in Omaha. The thieves were well
known to the Chicago police and although
they are alleged to nave committed a
number of crimes in this city, are said to
have recently come from San Francisco.
If is believed they have oeen operating
throughout California.
With their arrest was recovered one of
the most elaborate burglar and safe
blowers' outfits ever brought into police
headquarters. Jewelry of almost every
description was rpcovered, and their oper
tions are supposed to have been extensive.
QUITE A MYSTERIOUS THEFT.
Package of Papers and Documents Worth
One Hundred Thousand Dollars to
the Navy Taken.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 30.— A valuable
package of papers, documents, bonds and
securities worth $100,000 to the United
States navy were lost or stolen this morn
ins at the rooming-house of Mrs. J. Orth,
1343 Michigan avenue. Captain Shaw, in
whose possession the valuable papers
were, caused the issue of Bearch warrants
for the Michigan avenue I ouse and other
places where the suspected papers might
be hidden. The papers were to be used in
a suit next week at Washington.
Captain Shaw and his wife were prer
pared to remove from their present home
to Mrs. Orth's house. He had called there,
Fen ted aiiartments and left his satchel con
taining the papers, but when he returned
the satchel was missing. Captain Shaw
refuses positively to disclose the nature of
the papers, but asserts that they were of
immense value to him.
"Some of the papers were involved in a
damage suit for nearly $100,000 and I value
them at that amount," he said. ''There
were also oilier matters of the greatest
importance in the satchel, of which I am
not at liberty to speak, and I would not
take any amount of money for them. I
was to have gone to Washington Monday
next, but wi'hout the papers my trip
would be worthless.
PEARL BRYAN HEARD FROM.
Latest Jtute to Obtain Clemency for
Jackmon and Vailing.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 30.— Governor
Bradley received the following letter to
day:
Jacksonville, Fla., January 26.
Governor Bradley. Frankfort, KiJ.— Sir: It will
be unjust to hang Scott Jackson and Walling
on my account.for I am alive and well and my
parents will never be able to find me. Respect
fully. Pearl Bryan.
P. S.— l leave here this afternoon.
The Governor.has received numerous let
ters threatening him with dire punish
ment if he does not pardon or commute
the sentences of Jackson and Wailing.
Others say he will meet with a terrible
fate should .ie show mercy.
DEATH OF GENERAL SMITH
Wat a Veteran Commander. Who Wat
Merer defeated in linttle.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 30.-General A. J.
Smith died at his home in this city this
afternoon. The veteran has a place in
history as a commander who was never
defeated when in charge of a battle or
campaign. To him is given the credit of
saving the Banks Red River expedition
from annihilation during rerreat; of
destroying the command of Forrest, of
driving Sterling Price out of Missouri; of
being the main agent lof destruction of
Hood's army, and of causing the surrender
of Mobile.
TRIPLE MURDERER HANGED.
Makes a Statement Implicating Hia
Uncle in the Crime. •
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Jan. 30.— Ed
Perry, who killed three members of the
Sawyer family in Douglas County on May
20, paid the penalty with bis life at Ava
this afternoon. The hanging drew several
thousand exHted people to the town, but
only about 200 witnessed the execution.
So intense was the desire to see ven
geance meted out that at one time it
seemed as though the excited people
would storm and tear down the stockade.
The flourish of Winchesters was all that
held the crowd at b»y. Perry died from
strangulation. (Shortly before ins death,
the Rev. J. H. Briars ipade a statement
for Perry, declaring Perry's ancle, William
Yost, was guilty of connection with the
crime. Perry averred that he was pre
pared to die.
ROBBED OF A MILLION.
Railroad Companies Fleeced by a Gang of
Swindlers Whose Business Was
Forging Passes.
NEW YORK, H. V., Jan. 30.— A. W.
Weht, now u:xier arrest in Buffalo on the
charge of having secured passes over the
Delaware and Lackawanna Railroad by
means of forgery, is believed to be at the
head of a gang of swindlers who have not
confined themselves to victimizing the
railroads of free passes, but have al-o
plundered people who do business with
those connected with those corporations.
West (or, as be is known ie Jersey City,
Burns), in conjunction with two confed
erates, named, respectively, McKennaand
Stamengin, recently swindled jewelers of
that city, obtaining considerable jewelry
by means of forced certificates. The cer
tificate went to show that the}' were em
ployed on the railroads entering that city.
West's real name is said to be By nes,
and professedly he hails from Denver,
Colo. For two years railroad detectives
have been on his track.
During that period he has successfully
operated under a number of aliases. In
January, 1895, West was arrested in Chi
cago on a charge similar to that on which
he is now held in Buffalo.
In point of general scope and area of
operation the syndicate of swindlers, of
which West was the head, is probably one
of the most extraordinary discovered in
years. The . lonndation of the whole
scheme was wholesale forgery.
Orders on railways were forged, orders
from one otlicial to another were forged,
personal letters from railroad magnates
were forged, sometimes the indorsements
on tictois were forged, even the letter
heads of companies were forged — and the
man who did all the forging was West.
Some of his confederates provided him
with the letter-heads and envelopes of the
corporation which it was intended to
swidle, and by the same means he also
procured the signatures of some of the big
officials of the road.
On these letter-heads he wrote to the
presidents, superintendents or passenger
agents of other mads requesting passes.
To these letters he appended the forged
signature of some official. The passes,
which were invariably obtained, were
then placed with the scalpers who were in
touch with the Weßt conspirators. Much
care and finesse were exercised in ask
ing for jiesses, the sale of which should
be at once safe and lucrative.
The amount made by the swindle is
placed at $1,000,000.
CRITICAL STITUATION AT BANGKOK
Washington Authorities Requested to
Take l'rompt Action.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30. -A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from, Bang
kok says: The situation has become crit
ical in the matter of the assault, upon Mr.
Kellet, the American i Vice-Consul Gen
eral. ■ Minister Barrett firmly requests
that a mixed commission be appointed to
investigate the facts.
The Siamese Government refuses, hold
ing that the investigation should be made
by a Siamese court. /.
Foreigners are unanimous in support of
the American Minister. The outcome of
the case depends upon fiction from Wash
ington. The German Minister also ha»
been attacked in the streets. An Ameri
can engineer named Bennett and an Eng
lish attache who went to his rescue have
been savagely beaten by tne police. "
Will Kmploy Six Hundred.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., Jan. 30.—
The Norfolk and New Brunswick Hosiery
Works, which have been closed for several
months, will reopen on Tuesday. Six
hundred persons ara employed when the
works are in operation. ,
Death of hit hop Oiler.
BALTIMORE, Mn., Jan. 30.— Bishop
Jacob Franklin Oiler of Waynesboro, Pa.,
Bishop of the German church of Pennsyl
vania, died at the Johns Hopkins Hos
pital to-day.
EVENTS OF THE . WEEK.
KYLE IS BEATEN
IN SOUTH DAKOTA
Opponents Determined to
Keep Him Out of the
Senate.
New Yorkers Suggested to the
President-Elect as Suitable
Cabinet Material.
There Is a Possibility, However, That
Dissensions May Prevent the State
From Getting a Place.
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 30.— While those
who are ordinarily qualified to judge have
been predicting a settlement for some days
of the Senatorial situation, the facts fail
to verify the preJictions.
Mr. Kyle has been beaten for several
days, but his followers continue to stand by
him. Ihe adjournment of the caucus last
night to Wednesday was made in tho b -
lief that Kyle could not nold his force to
gether. The anti-Kyle men have settled
upon this proposition: They will unite
upon any one to beat him. While the
fusionists have been anything but a happy
family, discord is now making its appear
ance among the Republicans and they are
now too much interested in their own af
fairs to enjoy the internal warfare of their
opponents.
Some of the Republicans think that
Pickler has had a fair chance and, failing
to secure any votes from the Democrats
or Populists, he should be willing to step
aside and give some other man a chance.
He has po.led vhe full Republican vote—
57 — which is five less than the numler re
quired to elect.
.CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 30.— Major Mc-
Kinley had many callers to-day, but he
found time to enjoy naif an hour's
sleighing. Lieutenant- Governor and Mrs.
Timothy L. Woodruff arrived at 1 o'clock
and lunched with the President-elect.
After an hour's conversation with Major
McKinley Governor Woodruff said: "I
think New York will be represented in
the Cabinet, and I hope the President
elect will choose my friend and neighbor
General Stewart L. Woodford. He is a
clean, capable and distinguisned man and
ought to be very generally acceptable. I
do not think tnere is any opposition to
Him on the part of the Brooklyn Repub
licans."
General Woodruff said that tb^e appoint
ment of Lyman J. Gage had made an ex
tremely favorably inipressiou In Eastern
business circles. The faction of the New
York Republicans which is opposea to
Mr. Phitt and tne organization was repre
sented in Canton to-day by General S. H.
Collis of New York City, who called on
Major McKinley and suggested the names
of several New York men who he thought
would make good Cabinet officers. Gen
eral C'oliis said that he thought it more
likely New York will not be represented
in the Cabinet at all than that any of the
men now prominently discussed would be
appointed.
Among Major McKinley's callers to-day
were Senator Arthur Brown of Utah and
ex- Senator W. F. Sanders of Montana.
I or the Inaugural Sail.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— The
inaugural committee announces to-day
that the tickets for the inaugural ball are
now ready for distribution. Each ticket
will be accompanied by a souvenir, which
is exceedingly handsome and is included
in the price of the ball ticßets — $5. Orders
by mail will be filled in the order of re
ceipt. No complimentary tickets will be
i»sued exowt to President-elect Mc-
K.inley and Mrs. JlcKmley.
NOT JUST A PRESENT.
Comptroller Eckels Cannot He Ousted
for Oxer a Tear let.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 30.— The report
that President-elect McKinley has decided
at this early day to appoint Charles G.
Dawes Comptroller of Currency is not
only denied at Canton but bears the
marks of a canard on its face, as Comp
troller Eckels' term will not expire until
April, 1898, or a year and a month after
Mr. McKinley's inauguration. Mr. Eckels
cannot bo removed without cause by the
incoming administration. The position
of Comptroller is shown to be a peculiar
one by the following act:
"The Comptroller of the Currency shall
be appointed by the President on the
recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and shall hold office
for the terra of live years, unless sooner
removed by the President upon reasons to
be communicated by him to the Senate."
This indicates that the power of the
President in the matter is slight. It will
be Mr. Gage, as Secretary of the Treasury,
who will have the selection of the Comp
troller, according to the law quoted, and,
while that gentleman would defer to the
wish of his chief in the matter, the execu
tive rests with him.
DEPEW TALKS ON HARD TIMES.
Says They Will Be Still Worse, but After
Needed Legislation Business Will
Boom Next Fall.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30.-Chauncey
M. Depew, in an interview to-day With a
reporter of the United Associated Presses,
predicts better times, but Bays they will
become worse before they improve and
that an extra session of Congress must be
called to settle the policies in regard to
the tariff, currency and foreign affairs be
fore there is any improvement in existing
conditions. Continuing, he said:
"We have had three years of financial
panic. The result is a los 3of credit and
impaired confidence. We find, too, that
there is no foreisrn money coming into the
country. Neither are foreigners inter
ested in any of our new enterprises. The
enormous amount of money deposited in
our banks and trust companies is locked
up and remains so; manufacturers fear to
accumulate stocks and work on the hand
to-mouth principle. Dealers buy only for
their immediate needs. The outputs from
iron and coal mines are reduced to a
minimum; blast and coke furnaces are do
ing but little; the tonnage of railroads —
the most significant of all figures— proves
how abnormally light is the movement of
commerce. Prosperity depends on the
purchasing power of the people. When
times are good the vast army of wage
earners spend freely, but now economy is
the word and the barest necessities are
purchased. This slackened demand of
the wage-earner and his opportunities for
work grows less and less.
"Privation cannot be confined to one
class alone. Hard times among the work
ingmen are invariably the symptom of
hard times among everybody, and so the
country at large is undergoing a season of
hardship and depression. Hard times
here injure our reputation rfbroad. I
have in my possession a letter from an
eminent European statesman asking if it
is true that tocialistic revolt is raging her«
and whether it will culminate in attacks
on property and vested interests. Rumors
like these destroy our prestige. There is
no arguing foreign capitalists in the face
of the fact that our expenditures are now
in excess of our revenue*. The situation
we are called upon to face is scarcely less
grave than actual war. Cougress must
not shirk its responsibilities. It should
find means tofigut thedaneer that threat
ens us as a people. Times will grow worse
nntil Congress acts.
"If, in >ur extra , session, a moderate
■tfiT'rtt bill is passed; industries paralysed
by • the ' Wilson bill will be revived, the
profits of the ;:irm returned to the farmer,
and. there will be a cnange for the better
all around. Such a measure once passed—
and.it certainly will be — will remain good
for four years; by next fall there will be an
unprecedented revival in all branches of
business. After the tariff there should be
some legislative action in regard to our
currency which will do away with such
possibilities as came to the surface in the
late f campaign, and which arise from a
non-elastic currency. It was this quality
of currency which led so many honest
men last November to vote for a change
which promised them better monetary
conditions. This legislation will give
confidence to investors, money-lenders
and capitalists.
"As to the foreign policy I can' only say
that if a Government is determined to
protect its flag, its prestige and its citizens,
it cannot go far wrong. I am assured
that this determination is to be the key
note of the foreign policy of the new ad
ministration." ,
GREAT RAILROAD MAN DEAD.
George B. Roberts, President of the Penn
sylvania Company, Relieved of His
Worldly Cares.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Jan. 30. —
George B. Roberts, president of the Penn
sylvania Railroad, died at his resident c
hi this city at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. Roberts' life from boyhood almost
was a history of the Pennsylvania Rail
road Company, for when he was not yet
out of his teens he entered the service of
that corporation and by industry, ability
and attention to the thousand and one
details of railroading, advanced from one
position to another until he reached the
presidency of the great corporation.
Mr. Roberts in character was a plain
man and sought but little distinction and
place in the social world, but devoted all
his time and ability to the forwarding of
the interests of the company wiih which
he was identified.
He was recognized by railroad mae
na'es and financiers as their equal in the
world of business, and his interest and
opinions were nought and respected, and
by the shareholders, directors and co
workers in the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company he was conceded to be the di
rectine brain of the ereat enterprise.
Mr. Roberts' unosteniatiousness, firm
ness and justice endeared him to the em
ployes of ihe company, and not since the
great strike in Pittsbnrg in 1877 has there
oeen any serious difficulty with the em
ployes of the road.
He began his career as a rodman in an
engineering corps on the Allegheny and
Savannah division, and in 1856, when only
19 years of age, he reached the position of
assistant engineer of the Philadelphia and
Erie Railway. During the next ten years
he was actively engaged in the location
and construction of the various divisions
of the Pennsylvania Railway in this State
and New Jersey. His services brought
dim into the notice ot his superiors, and
in 1862 Mr. Roberts was made assistant to
President J. Edear Thompson.
His engineering abilities and executive
capacity were developed by seven years
at work in this position, and in 1869 he
was promoted to the position of fourth
vice-president. Almost immediat ly
afterward he was promoted to second
vice-pre«ident. On June 3. 1874, when th«
lato Colonel Thomas A. Scott succeeded
Mr. Thompson in the presidency of the
road Roberts was advanced to the position
ot first vice-president, and on June 1, 1880.
Colonel Scott resigned the presidency and
Mr. Roberts, as his logical successor, was
chosen for the bead of the corporation.
Since that time Mr. Roberts has been
re-elected annually, and under his man
agement be has seen the road grow with
leaps and bounds until to-day its railroad
system is unsurpassed by any railroad in
the world.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MERRY WEEK FOR
THE JUNKETERS
Legislators Ed joy Luxury
During Their Tours of
the State.
On These Jaunts They Purchase
Railroad Tickets With the
Taxpayers' Money.
Whili Institutions Are Being "In
spected" It Might Ba Well to
Examine the Capitol.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 30.— This
has been a week of junketing by members
of both houses, a large number of Sena
tors and Assemblymen even now riding
in Pullman coaches, snoring in Pullman
palace-car ber:hs, dining at a dollar or
more a head in Pullman dining-cars and
feasting on roast turkey and cranberry
sauce in public institutions. They are
not traveling on railroad passes either,
and it is now a most refreshing sight to
see Senators and Assemblymen, wiih a
locomotive cow-catcher sticking out of
their coattail pockets, standing in post
oiiico file at the ticket-seller's window
and actually paying cash for their tickets,
just the same as plain common people.
Just the same, however, the plain com
mon people pay for those railroad fares,
those deligntful "free" dinners of baked
fowl and wine, those rcstfal snores in the
Pullman sleeper.
Those who were present in the Assem
bly at the beginning of the session of this
week were not moved to tears and ap
plause by the heroic stand of tlie Populist
members, whom Speaker Coombs, with
the relentless cruelty of an Ashantee
King, was forcing to «o on these junkets
at the expense of our dear people, with
whom the minority at every session is
madly infatuated. Alas! the pen sheds
black tears as it records the fact that
when Populist and Fusion and Demo
cratic members were appointed to accom
pany the touring committees they never
said a word in favor of that economy, that
retrenchment, that reform, for which they
howled so hard during the campaign that
theairturned blue with the noise of it.
! NEW TO-DAY.
A TERRIBLE ECZEMA
Hep Face Covered with Scales.
Could Not Leave Home.
Had to Sacrifice Hair.
Tried CUTICURA REMEDIES.
Improvement In Three Weeks.
Six Weeks Complete Cure. ' .
Four years ago Eczema made its appearance
on my head in its worst form. I was attended
• by two physicians, but notwithstanding their
treatment it continued spreading, until my
face was covered with scales and became a
horrid, loathsome sight. For three months I
did not leave the house. I had a tine head of '
hair, seven years' growth, and had to sacrifice
it. I was in despair. The physicians had failed
even to relieve me, when one of them recom-
mended Ccticuka Soap. I used three boxes
of Cuticcra (ointment), one half dozen cakes
of Ccticura Soap, and one bottle of Cuti-
cttba Resolvent, and in three weeks from
the time I began, the scales had left my face
and the skin lost its florid hue. In six weeks
I teas entirely cured. My face was smooth and
mv complexion clearer than it had ever been
before. MARION A. SMITH, Sunbury, Pa.
6pi«dt Cum TbeatHext. — Warm baths, with
Cuticdia Soap, gentle applications of Cvticcha (oint-
ment), the great .kin cure, and mild do«»« of (;• net a
Bmoltxkt, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cores.
Sold throughout the world. Pottt k D. ft C. Corp., Role
Props., Boston. " How to Curs the Worst Eczema," free.
DADV'O OViU Scalp and Hair Purified and Beao-
DADT 5 OMN tided by CUTICURA SOAP.
HUT Collins 1 Voltaio Elactrto Piasters
lull™ relieve weak backs, kidney and
■ a ipip uterine pains, sore lungs, ach-
IllriU I \j ing muscles, and rheumatism.
WHY
Be bothered -with inferior goods -when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS 6, GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of tho best materials.
Cewed -with the best threads.
Finished in the best stylo.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
SEND for a picture of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free •
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS : ; LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO,
CALIFORNIA.2
•No; they did not protest; they did not go
into heroics, but took the jnunt just as
nicely as a babe its mother's milk.
L iok at the Democrats and fused-ont-of
identity Populists who appeared before
the Duckworth investigation committee
yesterday* They coolly informed the
committee that although they knew the
mileage bill contained illegal and improper
charge t ey voted for it because $104 of
the people's money was too small a sum
"to waste any time over."
Legislative visits to State institutions
are more costly than benelicial to the tax
payers. No good is accomplished by
them. They serve as brilliant opportuni
ties for superintendents to display those
social qualifications which have made
them successful In politics. The side
board and the dining-table put the Popu
list and Democratic Legislators in the
same. happy, complacent and genial frame
of mind as the Republicans, who ar.e no
better. Telephones hello, brass band?
blare, the electric spark flashes informa
tion to the superintendents of State insti
tutions days ahead of the legislative visit.
The house isearnished, the floors scrubbed
and sanded and the household skeletons
stowed away in the darkest corner of the
cellar.
It is strange that no committee has been
appointed to investigate the Capitol build
ing. It is in a frightfully unwholesome
condition, the air of the basement and of
the ro^ms on the ground floor being
saturated with malaria. The house is
warmed on the same principie as a loco
motive is fired. Coal is shoveled into the
furnaces and if the rooms get too hot all
you have to do is to throw open a window
and eaten pneumonia. Yesterday the
Supreme Court-chamber, in which sat the
Duckworth committte, was heated to 100
degrees Fahrenheit in the shade. Mem
bers,visitors and witnesses perspired in the
stuffy air; when they left the room they
shivered i;i their overcoats. The cement
used in laying the fancy mosaic til in X in
the rottinda and corridor of the second
floor has lost its slicking quality, or,
rather, never had any, and every few days
a tile or two tilts under -the heel and is
kicked over the floor.
liuring the first few dayd of the session
a mason was enGra^ed in re-laying thosa
detached pieces of terra cotta, but they
are breaking loose in other spots, and the
mason has a good chance of holding the
v job for life if he nurses it carefully.
A gang, of plumbers has been engaged
during the past week in taking apart and
setting again the brass ventilator tubes,
they having sprung a leak or met with
some similar accident. There is no sys
tem of ventilation in the building, and for
that reason the State officials who are
compelled to make their abode in it liter
ally take their lives in their hands.
But in the way of waste and extrava
gance the present session is a vast im
provement over its predecessors. Old
timers remember that locksmiths were
employed at the opening of each biennial i
session to put new locks on the doors of |
all the commi;tee-rooms and furnish keys i
for the same, the former locks and keys j
bt-ing regularly stolen. They remember J
also that at the close of the sessions, ruem-.i
bers, committee clerks and-other attaches
were obliged to buy Saratoga trunks in
which to pack the fine linen paper and
envelopes, quarts of ink and mucilage,
leadpencils and penholders and boxes of
pens by the gross, which they carried to
their homes. Bv-the-by, it is reported
that some of- those piggish people have
become Populists.
Locks and keys" are no longer stolen,
and legislative. Saratoga trunks have gone
out of style with the adoption of the rule
allowing each member $25 worth of sta
tionery. But this rule has led to another
abuse. A large proportion of the mem
bers draw the $25 in cash, sink it in their
pockets and sponge the most of their sta
tionery from the clerk* at the desk. The
rues should be amended so that the sta
tionery, ana not cash, should be druwn.
RECORD-BREAKING SENATE.
A'o Time T.ost in Oratory, and Prompt
Cioii ittrratlon of Hutines*.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., Jan. 30.— This is
a recom-breakinz session of the Senate,
so fur as the amount of work disposed of
is concerned. At the close of the first
four weeks it has 165 bills on the way to
third reading, something entirely unpre
cedented in the history of that body. At
the last session only tnirty-tive bills Lad
passed their second reading.
This promise < w*ell for every bill tliat
has thus far bg^n introduced and for
thosf to come, for all will have a fair show
to be heard and be passed upon. Few
bills are Jikely to on the second-read
ing tile. The slaughter thus effected in
pievious sessions has been something
fearful.
The remarkable progress indicated is
entirely due to the unusual business ca
pacity displayed by the Senators, both in
committee and on the floor. Little time
is considered in oratory and when a bill
is presented to the consideration of the
Senate for favorable action it has gen
erally been pruned of its objectionable
features.
In the committee meetings the views
of the rnemoers of the committee consti
tute only a small portion of the dis
cussion. Every important bill is sub
jected to t c criticism of tho-e on the out
side wlio are most directly interested in
its provisions. Business in committee is
greatly accelerated by the excellent se
lections that have been made in the chair
man-hips. This is notably the case in trie
Committee on Commerce, Gleaves chair
man; Committee (in Corporations, Dick
inson chairman; County Government and
Townshin Orsanization, Smith ciiairman ;
Education and Pudlic Morals, Boyce
chairman; Elections, Stratton chairman ;
Finance, Voorheis chairman ; Irrigation,
Androus chairman; Judiciary, Simpson
ihuirruan; J_,;ibor und Capital, Moore
aouse chairman; Claims, Bulla chair
man.
It is expected that the floor of the cor
ridors leading from the Senate to the As
sembly will be kept warm with the fleet
ing of the Senate messengers to announce
the pas-age of Senate bills to the As
sembly.
DONE IN THE ASSEMBLY.
Sjira/cer Coomb* : Caution* a Committee
*ot to lUutil >te Hill*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., . Jan. 30. —The
Assembly this morning took up the
second reading of the tile.
When biil 46. regulating labor condi
tions in sawmills and lumber camps, was
reached, it was discovered that many
erasures had been made. Coombs asked
how thif happened to which Sanford,
author of the bill, replied that the erasures
had been made by the Committee on
Labor and Capital.
Dennery stated that the erasures were
ma.le by the clerk, in conformity to
amendments made by tho committee.
'lhi.< was not altogether satisfactory, and
tne b;il wa- ordered sent back to the com
mittee, the chair statmg that such muti
lations' were not only improper as a
metnod oi amendment but constituted a
felony.
Assembly bill 45, relating to the pay
ment o; waj^es by corporations, was re
turned with several committee amend
niP!'t«. An additional amendment was
offered by Sow.ird extending the regula
tion to companies and individual employ
er-.
Helshaw thought wages should be paid
up to the last day of the preceding
month.
Belshaw moved that the Committee on
Constitutional Amendments be requested
to report back amendment 23, providing
for the abolition of the railroad commis
sion on Monday, stating that the ten days
will expire on that day.
Caminetti introduced a bill providing
for the construction and maintenance of
State highway s.
A bill was introduced by Sanford mak
inc an appropriation for legis.ative print
ing during the session, and gave notice
that he wouid on Monday ask that It be
placed on the emergency file. This is in
an tici nation of a veto by the Governor of
the bili appropriating $75,000 for the print
ing oflice.
A petition from thecitizens of Reolands
was presented, asiing that do law be
passed which will v»-evens municipalities
prohibiting the s«-e of intoxicating
liquors within their boundaries. Ad
journed.
AN UNPOPULAR MEASURE.
Opposition to th* mil Relating to Dairy
Inspection and IH*ea*ed Animal:
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 30.— of
the most discussed measures among the
Senators between. sessions r and one that
promises to give rise to much excited de
bate on the floor, when it comes up for
reading, is the bill introduced by Senator
Dickinson relating to the inspection of
dairies, the health of dairy animals and
the prevention of contagious and infec
tious diseases among such animals. .
This is a measure that has more dopu
lar interest than anything before the
Legislature at the present lime. While
it directly affects the dairymen of the
State, it indirectly, but not les? import
antly, come? home to every consumer of
the lacteal nuid and its products. While
the objects of the bill, the extermination
of all diseased dairy animals and the as
surance thereby of pure miik, butter and
cheese meet with t'.ie hearty and unani
mous approval of all the legislators, the
methods by means of which these highly
desirable ends are to be attained are far
from having the confidence or support of
the members.
Senator Morelronse of Santa Clara is
one of these who are outspoken in their
opposition to the measure as favorably re
ported by the Senate Committee on Fi
nance. The bill makes it tiie duty of the
agent or assistants of the State Dairy
Bureau to inspect all dairies and cream
eries in the State at least once a year,
more particularly to discover the exist
ence of animals affected with bovine
tuberculosis and to provide for their ex
tirpation. It provides for the appoint
ment by the Dairy Bureau of Veterinary
Surgeons who are to finally pass upon the
condition of all suspected animals and
gives the dairy bureau also the power to
appoint as many assistant agents as in its
judgment may be necessary to carry out
the provisions of the act.
The compensation of such veterinary
surgeons and assistant agents is left en
tirely to the discretion of the bureau. It
a'so provides that all assistant agents shall
have had practical experience in the manu
facture of dairy products.
That section which provides for the com
pensation to the owners for cattle con
demned to be killed, owing to their dis
eased condition, is the bete noir of the
members. For this purpose and the other
expenses and salaries creased by the bill,
an appropriation of $90,000 was oripinally
asked. In the bill reported by the jp'i nance
Committee the amount is reduced to
$45,000.
"I see no reason," said Senator More
house in speaking of the measure to-day,
"why the State should be called upon to
pay for stock ordered to bo killed on ac
count of tueir diseased condition. If I
were the owner of diseased cattle that
would be my fault or misfortune, and if it
becomes necessary for the State to kill my
diseased stock I see no reason why the
people of tbe State should pay me for it
any more than if the cattle shodld die. I
don't think I wonld have any right to
complain of the operations of the act,
even if it did not provide for indemnity
for the cattle killed.
"There is no limit," he continued, "to
the compensation to be made for the ani
mals killed, and there is no telling what
they might do under the cover of the act.
It provides that the agents shall fix the
value of the animals killed. I hold that
if & cow is diseased so as to unlit her for
the use of a dairyman, she has no value.
The value of anything is what It can be
sold for, and no one would be willins to
buy a condemned animal. I think that
this is a very expensive experimental
proposition and one whi ;h, if consistently
carried out, would require an appropria
tion of about $ 1,000,000. The cat lie inter
ests of California, according to the last re
port of the State Board of Equalization,
are placed at $10,000,000.
"A conservative estimate is that 10 per
cent ot these will have to be condemned,
and if the State is to make compensation
for them it will take $1,000,000 to pay for
the stocK killed alone, leaving out of con
sideration the salaries and expenses of a
corps of veterinary surgeons and assistant
agents.
"While it may be necessary for the
proper sanitary condition of the people to
have cattle killed, I do not believe the
people should be taxed to pay for such
cattle. It would be just as fair to ask
them to compensate the frun-erower who
has a poor crop of prunes, or to pay a man
for his house which has been destroyed
by fire or to indemnify him for any other
kind of business misfortune that chanced
to overtake him. These are the reasons
why I shall oppose the passage of the
bill."
GENERAL LEGISLATION.
Many Bills Introduced to Properly J'ro-
tpri Labor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 30.—Ameri
can labor is receiving more attention at
the hands of this Republican Legislature
than ever before in the legislative history
of California. A large number of bills,
most of them sensible and practicable,
have been introduced and ail of them
have been published at length in The
Call, with the exception of the following,
which arrived from the State Printer's
office to-day:
Assembly bill 547, by Kelly:
Section 1. Whenever any emplo/e in any
mill, factory, ahipyard, foundry, or other
place where fixed machinery Is used, shah,
during working hours and while in the per
formance ol his duties as such employe, re
ceive any iniury or be in anywise incapaci
tated by reason of any injury received during
working hours and while in the performance
of his duties as such employe, it shall be the
duty of the employer of said person to procure
for him all surgical and medical attendance
necessary or requisite from tne time of such
Injury and so long thereafter as the same may
be necessary, without cost to such employe.
Sec. 2. Every employer failing in any of the
provisions of the act shall be responsible to
an employe requiring the benefits of this act
in damages in the sum of three times the
amount of money expended by such employe
to procure necessary surgical and medical
attendance and for all costs of suit prosecuted
for such recovery.
Sec. 3. No advance costs for the filing of snit
or for Justice's fees Khali be required of an
employe prooecutiug any action under the
provisions of the act.
Assembly bill 549, by Kelly, provides for
the appointment by the Governor ot a
board of three arbitrators for the adjust
ment of grievances and dispu:es between
employer and employe. Two will bo se
lected irom the two parlies casting the
greatest and the next greatest number of
votes at the last general election and tne
third from a bona fide labor organization
of this State. They will hold office for
four years and they and a secretary, to be
appointed hy them, shall each receive a
salary of $3COO per year and traveling ex
penses. An appropriation of $30,000 is
asked for to carry out the objects of the
bill.
a strike or lockout Bhall occur
or is seriousiv threatened the board sliail
proceed to the place of the strike and in
vestigate the grievances, subpenaing and
examining: witnesses with the object ot*
harmonizing the diffeiences between the
employer and the employe A report, will
be made to tlie Governor and the legisla
ture and laws to remedy the eviia com
plained of witfi be suggested.
Power of Placer has introduced As
sembly bill 552, providing as follows:
Section 1. Section 485 of said Civil Code is
hereby amended to read as follows:
485. Railroad corporations must make and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
maintain a good and sufficient fence on both
sides of their track and property. In case
they do not make and maintain such fence, if
their engine or cars shall kill or maim any
cattle or other domestic animals upon their
Hue of road they must pay to ijie owner of
such cattle or domestic animals a fair market
price for ihe same, unless it- occurred through
the neglect or fuult of the owner.of the animal
so killed or so maimed. Railroad corpora
tions paying to the owners of the
land through or along which their
road is located an agreed price for making and
maintaining such fence, or paying the coil of
such fence with the award for damages
allowed for the right of way for such railroad,
are relieved and exonerated from nil claims
for damages arising out of the killing or
maimine of any animals or persons who thus
fail to construct and maintain such fence;
and the owners of such animals are respon
sible for any damages or loss which may
accrue to such corporation from such animals
being upon their railroad track resulting
from ihe-non-construction of such fence, un
less it is shown that such loss or damage oc
curred through tbe negligence of the corpora
tion, its officers, agents or employes.
The interests of manufacurers are being
taken care of in several bills now before
the Committee on Crimes ruci Penalties
as follows; Assembly bill 570 b,y Pohlman
of San Francisco:
Every person who fills, 'seMs, buys or other
wise disposes of or traffics in any cask, keg,
bottle, yes p i, siphon, can, case or other pact
age bearing the duly filed trademark or name
of another printed, branded, stamped, en
graved, etched, blown or otherwise attached
or produced thereon without the consent of
the owner thereof, or unless the same
shall have been purchased from the owner
thereof, Is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Assembly bill 509, by Pohlman of San
Francisco:
Every person who shall deface, erase, ob
literate, cover up or otherwise remove, de
stroy or conceal the duly til d trmiemark or
name of another, printed branded, stamped,
engraved, etched, blown, impressed or other
wise attached to or produced upon any cask,
kep. bottle, vessel, siphon, eun, case or other
package, for the purpose of selling, trafficking
in, disposing Of, using, or filling such cask,
kep, bottle, vessel, sit>hon, can, case or other
package, without the consent of tho owner, or
unless the same shall have been pureuased
from the owner, is guilty of v misdemeanor.
, Assembly bill 546, by Kelly of San Fran
cisco:
All manufacturers and preparers of goods in
the State oi Cnlifornin are hereby required to
stamp or label upon their products a designa
tion showing the class of lsbor used in the
manufacture of such products and the locality
wljere such products were prepared or manu
factured.
Assembly bill 548, by Kelly of San
Francisco:
It shall be illegal and unlawful for the man
uiaciurer, agent, agents, employe, or employes
by him in the manufacture ol hermetically
sealed tin cans for canning purposes to use
any acid or acids, solution or solutions of
aciUs, in the construction and manufacture of
hermetically scaled cans ior canning pur
poses. Any person violating the provisions of
th:s act shall be deemed guilty o£ a misde
meanor and punished accordingly.
finds exoresaioc in Dibble's
Assembly bill, 554:
Any person who shall desecrate the flag of
the United Stales by printing thereon o* at
taching thereto any advertisement of any na
ture" whatsoever shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor.
McClellan's Assembly bill 576 amends
the vagrancy act by including cappers or
runners for Police Court attorneys, and
persons wno lodge in any barn, shed, etc.,
upon the complaint of the owner will be
adjudged common vagrants and shall.be
imprisoned in the county jail not less than
thirty days nor more than six months.
SACKAMEN'TO, Cau, Jan. 30.— The
legislutive committees of tbe different
editorial associations in this State have
prepared the following bill on the law of
libel, which will be introduced in the
Assembly next Monday by Melick:
Every person aggrieved by a publication in
anewsp»per or other periodical publication
before bringing a suit lor libel thereon shnll
by Himself or his attorney make a written de
mand upon the pub.isher of the same for a
retraction, speciiying in such demand the
statements complained of. If, within three
days after such demand & full and fair re
traction, with equal prominence as the alleged
libel is published in the said newspaper, or in
the case of a weekiy or semi-weekly In the
next issue of the said newspaper, the defend
ant in such action, in case ot a suit, may intro
duce evidence of such retraction, and that the
alleged libel was published in good lalth,
without actual malice: and unless the plain
tiff prove actual malice or want of good laiih,
or » failure to retract after a written demand,
he shall recover as damages only such loss or
injury as he shall specially allege and prove.
THE TREATY MAY FAIL.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Nearly Evenly Divided on the Sub
ject of Arbitration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— Every
member of the Senate Committee on tor
ei^n Relations, with the exception of
Turpie, was present this morning when
the committee convened, a few minutes
before 11 o'clock, to discuss the arbitration
trea ty.
At 1:30 o'clock this afternoon a vote was
taken on the treaty and a favorable report
ordered made to the Senate next Monday,
with certain amendments. This action
was not unanimous, and some individual
amendments were reserved for submission
to the Senate when the subject shall come
up. The most important amendment was
that which adds to the end of article I the
words, "but no question which affects the
foreign or domestic policy of either of the
high contracting parties or the relations
of either with any other state or power by
treaty or otherwise shall be subject to ar
bitration under this treaty, uuless by a
special agr ement."
The second amendment strikes out all
relerence to his Majesty, the King of Nor
way and Sweden, as the umpire in case
the court fails to agree uoon an umpire
in accordance with the provisions of arti
cle 111 and article V. The motion to
strikeout this clause was carried witli but
one negative vote — that of Senator Gray
of Delaware.
It was decided that the treaty should be
called up In the Senate at tiie earliest day
possible. The question of its possible
consideration in open session was dis
cussed informally.
It is understood that while members of
the committee believe that such a motion
may prevail if maie, no member will imi
tate it. This motion, however, will find
some votes in the membership of the com
mittee.
The vote on the final motion to report
the treaty to the Senate, as amended, was
so close tr.at it startled some friends of
the convention, who believed that there
will be practically no opposition to the
amended treaty.
When the roll was called the votes were
cast as follows: In favor of reporting the
treaty to the Senate, Sherman, Davis,
Frye, JLod^e, Cullom (R.), and Gray (D.)
— total G; against reporting the treaty to
the Senate, Morgan, Mills, Daniels (D.),
and Cameron (R. ) — total 4.
An amendment was also offered insert
ing a cause stating in positive terms that
the Alaskan boundary question should
not be submitted to arbitration under this
treaty, but it was rejected by the same
vote of 6to 4. It will be offered in the
Senate.
The debate in the committee developed
an opposition to tl>« treaty under any con
ditions that was entirely unexpected ; and
if the minority of the committee represent
a | roportionate membership of the Sen
ate tlie indications are that the treaty will
have a bard time securing the requisite
two-thirds vote.
Wi'hdratvinft Troop* From Lradvillti.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Jan. 30.— Briga
dier-General Brooks and staff and all the
State troops, except 1500 men under Col
onel McCoy's command, leit .Lejtdville to
day under orders ir>>m Governor Adams
on the statement of Sheriff O'Mahoney
that he believes he can preserve the peace.
A Legislative comruit:ee began taking tes
timony to-day relative to the cause of the
strike and the present situation.
■"*- ■. • — ■■...: .-■'■■
' Khof.Hii ' Wife anil Bimatilf.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 30.— Frederick C.
Riebe. a real-estate dealer here, called this
morning on his wife, with whom he has
not been living for several weeks. They
quarreled and he shot her fatally. Then
he turned the sun on himself and lired.
Tne bullet entered his right ear, and he
dropped dead.
CURRENT TOPICS
IN GAY GOTHAM
Senator-Elect Platt Will
Take a Much- Needed
Vacation.
The Bradley-Martin Bal Masque
Still a Fruitful Theme for
Discussion.
Sports Talk of th? Bg Fight— OJds
cf $1000 lo $700 in Favor of
C rbett.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30.— United
States Benator-elect T. C. Platt, accom
panied by Mr 3. Platt, left New York at
noon to-day for Jacksonville. So tightly
has Mr. P^att been fastened down to uusi
ness and politics that he has not had what
ordinary citizen* speak of as a vacation in
the last fifteen years, and *vhile he has
desired on a number of occasions to go
abroad wi»h Mrs. Platt he has never seen
nis way clear to do so. He looks forward
to this trip with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. Platt had any number of visitors
last night at the Fifth-avenue Hotel to
wish him good-by. First came Edward
Lauterbach, president of the Republican
County Committee. i\lr. L:\uterbacu, it is
leurned, desires no further responsibility
at this moment than those that rest on
his shoulders as head of the New York
machine. There had been some talk of
requesting Mr. Lauterbach to become the
spokesman for the Republicans of the
State of New York in Platt's absence.
"Nonsense," saiu Mr. Lauterbach, when
the subject was brought to his attention;
"that was only talk, but I confess it was
very amiable talk on the part of my
friends."
In Mr. Piatt's absence, therefore, Rep
resentative B. B. Odell Jr., chairman of
the executive committee of the State Com
mittee, may be the spokesman of the Re
publicans of the State of New York. Mr.
Oiell said he would probably be at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel tho latter part of each
week in Mr. Piatt's absence.
The appointment of Lyman J. Gage to
be Secretary of the Treasury gives general
satisfaction to the bankers of New l'ork.
There is absolutely no foundation in the
reports that have been circulated that
local financiers were opposed to him.
This is indicated by the fact that Mr.
Gage, when first mentioned for the Cabi
net, was warmly ureed to take the place
by many bankers of this city. Many out
of-town bankers urged Mr. Gage to accept
the position. Among them were: Sey
mour Dexter, president of the Mew York
State Bankers' Association; W. C. Corn
well, president of the City Bank of Buf
falo, with seven or eight other Buffalo
bankers; James Ashley, president of the
Merchants' Bank of Rochester, and all
other Rocnester bankers; F. W. Barker,
president of the Robert Gere Bank of
..Syracuse; George M. Trontman, president
of the Central Bank of Philadelphia; Ben
jamin B. Comegys, president of the Phila
delphia National Bank, and Thomas P.
JtJeal, president of the Boston Clearing
house Association.
Police Commissioner Roosevelt has won
the hearts of the labor men by a recent
visit to their stamping-ground at Claren
don Hall, and when he stood up at the tear
with the leaders on Wednesday evening
and joined them in a social glass of ale the
conquest was completed. After Mr. Roose
velt went home the meeting declared its
approval of him as a man, and yesterday
it was learned tbat a number of the lead
ers are now in favor of Mr. Roosevelt
for Mayor of Greater New York. John
O'Connell of the Ciearmakers' Interna
tional Union said yesterday :
"Mr. Roosevelt made a tine impression
on all of us. He is too good for the place
he now hoHs. He ought to be the next
Mayor of Greater New York. When he
was in the Assembly in 1884 ana 1885 he
worked hard to abolish the tenement
house cigar factories. He did not do this
to get voies, for he was from the Fiftb
aveuue district and it would not have
helped him there."
The bal masque to be given by Mrs.
Bradley-Martin at the Waldorf on Febru
ary 10 continues to be a lruitlui theme for
discussion both pro and con among all
grades of society. No social event of re
cent years at least has given rise to a
tithe of the animated and, at times, viru
lent arguments on both sides of the ques
tion. Incidentally Mrs. Mary Ellen
Lease, in v characteristic interview, has
set the seal of her disapproval upon the
affair. Airs- Bradley-Martin has received
dozens of threatening letters in connec
tion with the ball. Some of them have
been of so incendiary a character as to in
dicate they were written by anarchists.
The members of labor organizations do
not share the views of the Rev. Dr. Rains
ford with regard to the ball, but the mem
bers of the mu-ical protective union are
very much agitated over a report that
Mrs. Bradley-Martin will engage the
marine band of Washington to nfrnish
the promenade music, and that conse
quently they are not to get a single dollar
of the gnat amount that that lady is to
spend. Alexander Breraer, president of
the union, expressed himself in emphatic
language on the subject yesterday. Said
he:
"We have as good musicians in our
union in New York as can be found any
where, even in the capitals of Europe, and
they are all citizens and taxpayers here
and many of them have families to sup
port The members of the Marine Baud
have an assured income from their pay, and
are fed and clothed and sheltered by the
Government, and do not urgently need
the money that they will get from the
ball. Our urion has on several occasions
protested to the President, the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Navy
against allowing military bands to play
for private parties and thus preventing our
people from earning money."
Bob Fitzsimmons was all smiles yester
day. He said that if by any unfortunate
accident in the course of events he and
Corbett cannot come together in Nevada,
he would be willing to go to Jerusalem, so 1
anxious was he to get at 'Pompadour
Jim." Fitz's money is not all tip; Cor
bett's is. Bnt Fitz has eighteen days yet
in which to put up his cash, according to
agreement, nt wh;ch time Dan Stuart must"
put up 110.000 more, or $15,000 in all, as a
guarantee thai he will provide a place in
which the fight can be decided failure of
which will result in the forfeiture of the
$15,000 to Corbett and Fitzsimmons.
'"There need be no worry about the fight
not coming off, " said a Corbett adherent
last night, "even if Fitzsimmons does not
put up another cent, I know what I am
talking about when I say that In order to
rneot Fitzsimmons Corbett will a^ree to
enter the ring without any side bet at all.
If Fitzsimipons cannot raise the money
all Corbett wants is to know it, and he is
perfectly willing to make all the conces
sions in the world."
Dan Stuart will have pictures taken of
the fight, and he has made satisfactory
arrangements with both Corbett and Pitz
simmona. It is understood that each will
receive a third of the money paid by ibe
kinetoscope company.
Al Smith refused to talk much last night
about tue fiyht. "There will surely be a
fight," said he. "Nothing on earth can
stop them. Now that the Governor of
Nevada has signe.l the bill legalizing box
ing, Stuart is sure to have nothing but
money.
"It will be one of the cheapest and great
est fights ever known. I say cheap, be
cause a $15,000 purse is ridiculously small
for two men who nave been extensively
advertised for the cast three years.
Stuart's expenses will probably be $40,000—
$15,000 for the purse, $10,000 for erecting
the arena and $15,000 for outside matters.
He will unquestionably erect a building
capable of seating 20,000 persons. Sup
posing that half of tnat number attend,
which seems a certainty, his gate receipts
alone, besides what he will receive from
the railroads, will amount to $150,000, at
an average admission fee of $15. This
will leave him a profit of more than
$100,000, not counting bis profits from the
kineioscope."
Parson Davids said: "Corbett and Fitz
sircrnons will surely meet. Ido not think
that the East will be largely represented
at the fight. New Orleans is much nearer
than Carson City, Reno or Virginia City,
in one of which places I thint the tight
will take place, and yet at New Orleans
tbera were but 200 or 300 of the local
sports present. Will I go? Of course I'll
go, and bo will a large number of my
friends. But the cost of the trip, which,
in my estimation, will be something like
$300, will deter a grsat many from going.
"Stuart, however, will not have to de
pend on the £a-lern men to fill the arena.
The sporting men from San Francisco,
Seattle, Spokane, St. Lmis, St. Paul and
Minneapolis and all the big Western c.i'.ies
will be there. Chicago will send a large
delegation."
Jake Kennedy, Cnarley White and Billy
Madden expressed themselves in much
the 3ume way as Mr. Davies.
Corbett is the favorite in this city. At
Del ruonico's last nigfit a bet of $1000 to
$700 was made that he would win the
fight. .
LOUD`S POSTAL BILL.
Friends and Opponents of the Measure
Are G.ven a Hearing Before the
Senate Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. GL, Jan. 30.— A
hearing was given this morning by the
Senate Committee on Postofiicesand Post
roads to persons interested in what has
come to be known as the Loud bill, re
cently passed by the House of Represen
tatives and applying to the postage on
second-class maill matter.
Ten o'clock was the hour fixed for the
hearing, but the only member of the com
mittee then or for the next half hour pres
ent was Mr. Chandler, acting chairman in
the absence of Mr. Wolcott.
Governor Cleaves addressed the commit
tee. The act, he said, would affect many
of the interests and would withdraw many
ot the great privileges now enjoyed by the
people.
H. N. Wheeler said the proposed act
would grant subsidies to the express con*
panics. In seme of iiis remarks be came
in conflict with Representative Loud, who
was present, and who questioned some of
Wheeler's statements.
Patrick Farreil of New York, represent
ing the American News Company, ursjed
Senator Chandler not to insist on his fir.st
amendment striking out the words "or
when sent from a news aeency, or from
other news agents," ana be also suggested
such an amendment of the bill as would
allow newsdealers the "return privilege"
on unsold copies,
FinJey Acker of Philadelphia, chairman
of the postal committee of the National
board of Trade, presented resolutions of
that organization in iavor of the Loud
bill.
Replying to auesHons, Mr. Acker said
the National Board of Trade favored
penny postage, but had no desire to carry
it until some of tbe abuses were elimi
nated from the second-class matter. The
Posloffice Department, he said, was nearer
to the people than any branch of the Gov
ernment. The poor people recognized the
United States PosUftice Department as
the branch to which they gave their alle
giance. Great benefits had been conferred
upon them in carrying to tliem since 1799
their mail practically postage free — carry
in? to them good books, good magazines
and good newspapers.
These privileges were near to the com
mon school system. It was said, however,
that bad books and bad publications were
going through the mails, exercising a cor
rupting and debauching influence en the
youth of the country, and that that
should be stopped. If that were so, Con
gress had the power to correct these
abuses under the present law, without
revolutionizing the whole postal system
and destroying the whole fabric because
there were one or two rotten limbers
found in the. structure.
Governor Cleaves said there was no
doubt that Congress bad the power to re
peal this law at any time, but there were
equitable rights which should be respected.
A liberal construction of the postal laws,
he believed, would meet the approval and
commendation of the whole American
people.
Senator Chandler remarked that he had
offered an amendment to the Loud bill for
one cent postage for the purpose of sug
gesting the question whether it would not
be better to carry letters at cost than to
carry second-class matter at less than
cost.
John Elderkin of the committee of New
York publishers opposing the bill, made a
remark as to the National Board of Trade,
which he spoke of as a "one-horse affair."
Secretary Bryant of the American
Newspaper Publishers' Association stated
that the association had unanimously
adopted a resolution indorsing the Loud
bill and that there had been no dissent to
that resolution since.
The meeting was closed with a brief ad
dress by Mr. William of the Iron Age in
support of the bill and with the presenta
tion of some statistics in opposition to ii.
Senator Chandler stated that there
would be no further bearings on the sub
ject unless by order of a majority of the
committee.
BOUNDARY TREATY SIGNED.
tiill He &<wf to th* Senate on Monday
for notification.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.—Secre
tary Oiney and the British Embassador
at the State Department this morning
signed the following:
A convention between the United States and
Great Britain for the demarcation of so much
of the 21st meridian west longituie as may
be necessary for determination of boundary
between their respective possessions iv North
America.
The President w?ll send this convention
to the Senate on Monday for ratification.
It provides for a commission similar to
the Mexican Boundary Commission,
which will avail itself of the information
already collected under the charge of Pro
fessors- Mendenhall and Dutfield and. Mr.
King of Canada, who ar« working under
an agreement in 1892. This treaty is to
define the Alaskan boundary, and it is be
lieved will settie tiie controversy.
Of every description, from a pimple on the face
to an obstinate scrotulous sore, are quickly aud
permanently cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla, the
greatest blood purifying, skin hen line remedy.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
UnnH'c Pill o the best family cathartic
UUUU 0 nilo and liver stimulant. 25c.
HTEW TO-DAY.
fi^f\ Dollars *
Sixteen
/?Ki HI Dollar
L -^-
Amazed at This Bargain!
LThis week we put every clothing 'bargain,
every low-price offering, in the shade. "_
Any and all suits in the house, in price not
exceeding $16, go. this week for $6!
Ever hear of such a thing? . Your pick of
All-wool Cassimeres, Tweeds and Cheviots; well
made, our regular stock, fully guaranteed; kept \
in repair one year free. [
It's a week in suit-selling that will, be re-
membered many a year. The values cannot be
duplicated. . Get here as soon as you can. : •
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
L 54 Market Street,
Directly Opposite Sansome.
g?.iH*S3sg»igyiißA l HSHttfJy°'-aL'v,-ji»'r'.'r3
CREATE
&^ 4P^ O&i IS* I W\ ET S^B /f^ sir
j^g I™ I g^J g^ I^l g^
4 ■■■HIiiViiIHi^fIHnHHBBHBfIiiHiHBHEHHH
MRS. JOSIE MEHLSOS,
Residing at 1019 Guerrero St.,
S. F., Relieved and Cured
After Other Doctors
Had Failed.
I, Mrs. Josie Niehlson, residing now at 1019
Guerrero street, Ban Francisco, desire to testify
to the excellent results that I
OBTAINED
Under treatment at the STATE ELECTRO-
MEDICAL INSTITUTE, corner Market, Powell
and Eddy streets. .
Sine? l»st Christmas I have been quite an
invnlid from trouble In my ch>?st, witn cough,
difficulty in breathing and genernl n«»rve
debility. On Monday, November 30. 1896, I
applied for advice at the Institute I had
been treated by three weL -known medical
men of this City without any
RELIEF
DR. W. K. VANCE, at the STATE ELECTRO-
MEDICAL INSTITUTE, made a careful ex-
amination of my case and pronounced it one
of Uronchtal Asthma. He placed me under a
course of electrical treatment, with medicines
combined, and I
AT ONCE
Began to pick up, and am now wonderfully
improved in health and spirits. As this is the
first and only relief that I have obtained from
my distressing complaint I desire to eiv<> the
BTATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE a
public testimonial. I will gladiy and willingly
rep.y to any questions, either personally or by
letter, that may be addressed to me here.
(Sinned) MRa JOSIE NIEHLSON.
This marvelous electro-medical treatment Is creating a tremendous
sensation among the people of this coast because of the remarkable
cures It Is dally effecting, and for this same reason It Is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent years has stirred It. There has
not been a single fallura to cure In any case where the treatment has
been given.
Xn SI! EXAMINATIONS. If you are s'ck or ailing, If fyou want to
m bl 11 W know what Is the matter with you, and If you want
|H I to ba cured you shou d r°sort without delay to the STATE
"■ " ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Institute TREATS
AND CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Diseases,
Rheumatism, Cancers and Tumors, Catarrh, Kidney Diseases. Throat
LMseas9s, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eya
Diseases, Ear Diseases and al.l Diseases of Men and Women.
w JbtlTß If you cannot call at the Institute. Describe your
troubles by letter and the doctors will advise you what to do. Strictest
confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL ISSTITIJTE,
NE"W OTJRE FOR, -AJL.I_i DISEASES.
LOCATED AT THE CORNER OF
Market, Powell and Eddy Sts., Entrance 3 Eddy StA
SAN FRANCISCO, QAL. t
COSMOFOIjIT AI3NT. .',
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 'and 103 Fifth St., Hv» i
Francisco, Cal — The most seftct family . hotel la I
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per '
day, according; to room. Meals 25c. Kooms 60a
and 75c a. day. . Free coach to and from the uotut.
JLooil for the coach bearing ths name of the Co*
mopoliuo HoteL WM. t'AUiii, Proprietor.
IS ill f^ 1 " ■ // ' : 'k^'''
CHARLES SCHILL, 
Residing at 262 Eighth St.
S. F., Relates the Story
of His Cure.
San Francisco. Cal., Jan. 14. 1897.
I, Charles Schill, aged 30, residing at 262
Eighth street, desire and am
THANKFUL
To testify to the benefit and cure that I hay«
experienced by treatment at the STATH
ELECTRO-MEDICAL. INSTITUTE, corner of
Powell, Market and Eddy streets.
For four years I have been ailinsr with ner-
vous debility ana heart and stomach trouble,
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, the business I have pursued for the
past seven years in San Francisco. I suffered
with pain and oppression of the chest and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
January 4, 1897, I applied
FOR
Treatment- at the Institute, where DR. W. K.
VANCE made a careful physical examination/
found that my heart and stomach were both
disordered. . I was placed under treatment and
at once began to Improve rapidly and feel Ilka
A
New man. The doctor applied electricity and
prescribed certain electric fluids for interne;
Cse, also magnetic oil for external application.
These remedies combined Dave had a magicJL
effect, and now, on January 14, I Can truthfully
say that my health is fully restored. I am
VERY THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID
CURE
Which enables me to pursue my daily work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. I may add that I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist appliance
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
(Signed) ; CHARLES SCHILL. 1
DDIICUFD FOR barbers, BAK-
KK||SIfP?l erSi bootblacks, bacb-
KllWllliV bouses, billiard - table*
brewers, ■ ' bookbinder*, candy.makers, canner*
dyers, ,■, flounnilla, s foundries, laundries, papa* 1
hangers,' printers, ■ painters, shoe factories, siaoi*
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
B. ».«. UUCHAJiAS BROS., „«.
Bnuh Manufacturers. 609S»cr»menW 31 'AFFAIRS IN THE
UNITED KINGDOM
Irish Parliamentary Party
Makes a Serious
Blunder.
Hints That the London Press Has
Been Bribed by the South
African Company.
Features of the London Season— Tb.3
Nansens to Be Lioniz d— Lady
Scott's Easy Life.
LONDON, E.va, Jan. 30.— Since the
Irish of the House of Commons withdrew
their amendment to the address in reply
to the Queen's speech, wnich amendment
referred to the financial relations be
tween Great Britain and Ireland, it is seen
that they made a serious tactical error,
which was equivalent to allowing Mr.
Bnlfour, the Government .lender in the
House, to spike their guns. A prompt
and energetic opposition to the suspension
of the financial question might have been
effective in carrying the votes of the Irish
Unionists, but now it will be useless to op
pose the commission, which will be sup
ported by ail the Unionists and by a num
ber of Scottish and English Liberals. The
question, instead of bearing solely on the
financial relations between Great Britain
and Ireland, will develop into an inquiry
as to the financial reunions between the
different parts of the United Kingdom.
Tne Scottish and Welsh members of the
House insist that their respective claims
Eiiall be considered, and the English Radi
cals iiemand an inquiry into the matter of
ttie taxation of the various classes in the
k.ngdom. Nevertheless the session will
no: be barren for Ireland if the Govern
ment's proposal to transfer the Irish pri
vate bill legislation lrom Westminster to
Dublin tak^s the form of a bill.
The tenor of tne Irish section of the
Queen's speech and the Government's de
penaence upon time render the ap
pearance of such a measure doubtful, but
it would undoubtedly pass if the Govern
ment should submit it. All the Irish
members are eager for such a bill, foresee
ing that it would transfer much power and
the expenditure ot niuch money to Dub
lin.
Tbo amendment made Thursday in the
House of Commons by Mr. Mac Lean to
the motion of Colonial Secretary Cuamber
lain f<_r the reapr>ointruent.of the commis
sion to inquire into the affairs of the
British South African Company is indica
tive of the feeliug that prevails in inliu
tial quarters regarding any investigation
of South African matters. Mr. Maclean's
amendment was to the" effect that as the
troubles in South Africa had been settled
peaceably and as the leader's of the raid
into the Transvaal had Deen punished it
was needless to appoint a commission to
reopen the matter.
Although Mr. Chamberlain's motion
was finnlly adopted, the debata showed
tnat Cecil Rhodes and the British South
African Company, in which he was the
moving spirit, was not without strong
friends in Parliament.
There is no denying the fact that if the
commission attempts to probe too deeply
into the company's affairs persons high in
society and political life would be hurt,
and for that reason 'it is the opinion of
many persons that the proposed investi
gation would prove a farce. It has been
stated that the company, in its lavish use
of money to attain its ends, did not over-
JooK the press, and that its support by
some of the most influential newspapers
of London and elsewhere is due solely to
the tact that these papers were practically
bribed for that purpose.
Mr. Rhodes, who iias come from South
Africa to testify before the commission, is
in fine righting feitie and does not appear
to be the least worried as to the outlook.
His testimony is looked forward to with
much interest, as It is generally believed
that if he should be pressed haru he will
make revelations that will prove a great
shock to what he has termed the "unc
tuous rectitude" of some British states
men.
One of Mr. Chamberlain's objects in in
nsting upon the inquiry is to clear him
6i!lf oi the charge that tie had knowledge
previous to lhe raid that the attempt was
to be made to violate the termory of the
Transvaal; that tne plan had his tacil
sanction, and thar he expressed his disap
proval only when the expedition gave
promise of failure.
Branches ot the new Riisso-China Bank
have been opened at Shanghai, Hangkow,
Peking and elsewhere in China. Business
ii already diverted to the new institution
from British and German houses, and this
fact, together with Great Britain's exclu
sion irom sharing in the construction of
new railways in China, is regarded as
marking the doom of English commercial
predominance in that country.
Dr. Nansen, the well-known Arctic ex
ulorer, and Mrs. Nansen are expected to
arrive In London on Tuesday next. Dr.
Nansen will be received by delegates from
the Royal Geographical Society, the
Royal Society and other organizations.
His hrsi public appearance will be made at
Albert Hall on February 8. Society here
will mnkea lion of him, and there will be
keen competition to secure bis attendance
at dinners and receptions.
Mrs. Nansen will also find easy entree
into the most exclusive London society.
She is the daughter of the late Professor
Sar?, who was a well-known zoologist.
Tne Queen, having heard of her splendid
voice, has invited her to sing at Windsor
Castle, and tlus fact, apide from the re
flected greatness of her husband, will tend
to make her society much sought for.
It is stated in court circles that the
Queen on the occasion of the sixtieth
uiinivernaryof her ascending the throne
will create her daughters— Princess Hel
ena, wife of Prince Christian of Schles
wig-Holstein; Princess Louise, wife of the
Marquis of Lome, and Princess Beatrice,
wile of Prince Henfy of Batten burg-
duchesses in their own right. This will
give the children of Princesses Helena and
Beatrice English instead of Gerniun titles,
a very important consideration in the
minds of the English people. . In the case'
of Princess Louise little importance will
be attached to theriienjty, for the' reason
that upon thetieath ot her father her hus
band wiii become the Duke of Argyle.
The revival of 'political salon receptions
is a feature of the present Londo'n'season.
The Duchess of Devonshire, ' the Mar
chioness of Londonderry, Countess Derby,
Countess Spencer and Lady Tweeumoutti
are already holding* . these receptions,
where, combined with social pleasures,
plans are laid ox discussed for t tie benefit
of one or the other of tne political parties
<"r for the ndva'nce'ment in political life of
p.oteges of the titled Jadies who give
these Junctions. The Marchioness of
■ Salisbury, wife of the Prime Minister', is
at present, recruiting her health at Beau-
Jieu.
It is evident that there will be no com
mutation of the sentence of eight montn«'
imprisonment imposed on Lady bcott for
libeling ber son-in-iaw, Earl Russell.
Earl Cadogan and other of her mends
have sought to obtain her release, but they
have failed to shake the Horn- Secretary s
decision not to -et her at liberty, ller
friends vainly offered to guarantee that
she would never again meddle with ftari
Russell, but the Home Secretary remained
obdurate, and Lady Scott must iay the
full nenalty for her disgraceful cha ores.
The London papers uphold the Home
Secretary and argue that it wou d be
against public policy to either set the
pTi-oner free or make any reduction in her
term of imprisonment. Every accommo
dation is furnished her in the jail, her
room having been specially fitted up for
her by a well-known London firm and her
meal/ beins furnished by an outside
caterer. The only punishment sho under
goes is 'being deprived of her liberty.
The American Society in London will
give a reception at the Hotel Cecil on
Washington's birtnday. Senator Wolcott,
who is visiting Europe in the interest of
bimetallism, has been invited to attend.
Kmbassador and Mri. Bayard are ex
pected to be present. Ti^ere will be few
guests and no speeches.
Sir Julian Paunuefote, the British Era
bassador to the United States, is now 69
years old. He will soon reach the uge
when tbe rule of the diplomatic service
will require nia retiiement.
A. Barclay Walker's new yacht, which
is designed to replace the Ailsa, is neariug
completion on the Clyde. She isexpectea
to prove a much better boat than the
Ailsa, which is now 12 years old.
The successful farce, ''My Friend from
India," written by Harry dv Suchet, a
young American dramatist, is billed for
production at the Garrick Theater imme
diately after the engagement of the Carl
Rosa (ompany, wnicli ends on February
t>. The play lias been revised for the Eng
lish, stage by Justin Huntlry McCarthy,
the husband of Cissie Fitzgerald, and will
probably be produced here under the
name of "Mr. Tweedles." Those who
have read the play predict for it a success
equal to that scored in New York.
Mme. Patti's concerts at Monte Carlo
and Nice have drawn large and fashion
able audiences. It is stated that her voice
is showing marked signs of weakness.
M. Paderewski, the pianist, has recov
ered from his attack of nervous insomnia
and will reappear in London next week.
The Dillon iaction of the lii^h party are
understood to be afflicted with ?uch a
want of funds as may prevent them keep
ing their full strength in the House
throughout tue session. No contributions
of any consequence come now from
America.
The famine in India spreads in area and
increases in intensity. The famine fund
fails 10 mount up so mpidly as to warrant
the sanguine estimate that a total of
£1 000,000 would be reached. Thoroughly
reliable and independent Indian' advices
concur in stating that relief will be re
quired for about 3,500,000 of v>eopie before
the famine abates, the period of relief ex
tending to September next. No one at
tempts to predict what will happen if the
favorable rains fail to come to India dur
ing July and August.
NO DECISION REACHED.
Uuhbnril , B<\rfvrr, Haa a .»u> Plan for
' olUcxng Jialtrond Jtebts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— The
HoU3e Committee on Pacific Railways ad
journed to-day after a session of nearly
two hours without having reached a con
clusion respecting the Harrison bill,
which provides for a commission of three
Cabinet officers to settle tlie indebteness
of the Pacific railways to the Government.
The vote was postponed until Wednesday.
Hubbard of Missouri, who is opposed to
the Cabinet commission bill, offereU a
substitute measure prepared by himself,
which is very sweeping in its provisions.
It provides for a commission of thirteen
members appointed by t!;e President, to
receive $10, COO each without regard to the
iength of the service of the commission,
and to have fuli power to settle the in
debtedness. It orings within the iur
isdiciion of the commission the Union
Tactic, the Kansas Pacific, the Central
Pacific, the Western Pacific, the Sioux
City and Pacific, tho Atchison and Pikes
Peak Company and the Central Branch oi
the Union Pacific roads.
AT THE SWELL GRIDIRON CLUB.
Tenth Ann un I Dinner Attended by Many
l'romment I'mont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.—Mem
orable as have been the dinners of the
Gridiron Club, the tenth annual 'dinner
to-night surpassed all the previous efforts
of this famous organization both in the
prominence and widely distributed chai
acter of its guests and the elaborate na
ture of the decorations and other scenic
effects. The list of puests included the
Vice-President of the United States, Sen
ators Hill, Gorman, Mcßride, Jones of
Arkansas. Carter Platt of Connecticut,
Senator-elect Mason of Illinois, Speaker
Reed, Chauncey M. Depew, Secretary
Morton and representatives of the clergy
and leading railroads in the country. As
sistant Secretary McAaee, Russeil \ounjr,
Logan Carlisle, Dr. Talmage, Comptrol
ler Eckels and other guests were also pres
ent, which made the number that were
seated around the beautifully decorated
tables more than 150.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
The Widow of Urnrrnl ktoneman to He-
cite a itmnll I"en*ion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— The
House has passed the bill granting a pen
sion to the widow of ex-Governor Stone
man of California. The bill as passed the
Senate provides lor $50 per month. The
House reduces the amount to $30.
The bill will now go into conference
and the Senate will proOably insist on its
amount. The House also acted on the bill
of Lieutenant Nazro of San Diego, allow
ing him a pension of $72 per month.
Representative Hii born to-day presented
the resolutions passed by the California
Dairy Association at San Francisco, ask
ing for the passage of the Nicaragua
canal bill.
A jicstoßice baa been established at
Egun, Yuba County, Cal. John J. Daily
was appointed Postmaster.
Susan Goode has been commissioned
Postmistress at Quatal, Cal.
DESTRUCTION OF THE QUEER.
Report of the Secret Service Uivision of
Ihn Trraiury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. SO.— G. F.
Foster, custodian of the secret service
division of the Treasury Department, has
submitted his annual report to Chief
Hazen of the secret service on the coun
terfeit money plates, dies, etc., designed
to be used in counterfeiting and turned
over for destruction to a committee ap
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amount destroyed was more than
$7000 in excess of that destroyed in any
previous year. Part of the material de
stroyed consisted of counterfeit notes
representing- $128,722; counterfeit coin,
$25,985; flash notosand coins. $2,599,600—
a total of $2,574 307. Plates to the number
of 1203, and a large quantity of toals and
material consisting o f fac-simi'es of
World's Fair diplomas and meaals and
articles used in counterfeiting, were also
destroyed.
AN OFFICIAL SCOLDING.
Secretary Herbert Stinrply K'pritnanda
Captain Walter of tins Indiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.-
Secretary Herbert hns publicly repri
manded Captain Littleton P. Walter of
the engineering corps on the battle-ship
Indiana, and has told him he would not
be permitted for the next twelve months
to appear as judge advocate, recorder or
counsel before any naval court or board.
it uppears that in an inquiry into tbe
charge against Lieutenant Commander
Anderson for tyrannical and capricious
conduct. Captain Walter criticized the
department for reprimanding Lieutenant
Anderson without a warrant. Secretary
Herbert declares that the court was remiss
for not calling the captain to order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
IN THE REALM
OF THE KAISER
Importance Attached to the
Arrival of a Russian
Embassadcr.
Prominent Officials Mentioned in
Connecticn With Recent
' candals.
M. H. de Young Leaves His Family
in Berlin, but Hopes to Return
Officially.
BERLIN. Germany, Jan. 30.— The Em
peror, desiring to be present at the chris
tening of the new born to his brother,
Princa Henry of Prussia, at Kiel, left to
Chancellor Hohenlohe the duty of receiv
ing Count Muravieff, the new Russian
Foreign Minister, who has arr ye t here
from Paris. Tie Chancellor will entertain
Count Muravieff at a banquet to-morrow,
and the Kaiser, who will return to Berlin
from Kiel to-morrow, will receive him to
morrow evening or early Monday morn
in?.
Upon his arrival here to-day Count
Muravieff offered to go to Kiel at once, in
order to have an audience ttiere, but the
Emreror. upon being apprised of the de
sire of the Russian Foreign Minister, sent
a telecrnm saying that it was his intention
to return to Berlin at once and see the
visitor in conjunction with Prince Hohen
lohe. The importance of Count Mura
vieff's visit is not overrated here, as it was
upon the occasion of his arrival in Paris
wnere the exultations of the press and in
official circles were somewhat farcical,
inasmuch as his 'visit was merely an act
of courtesy.
It is also felt here that the shortness of
the Minister's? stay in Paris disposes of the
idea tnat any change in the relations be
tween France and Russia under the pres
ent entente were discussed. Count Mura
vieff got two informal luncheons and one
dinner at Paris, and made at the latter a
nice little speech in which he alluded to
M. Hanotaux, the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs as his dear colleague and
then came away. Nobody here regards
the meeting of Count Muravieff with
President Faure and M. Hanotaux with
any significance, but in any event the
Emperor and Prince Hohenlohe will have
the last word with him.
Just now political and social circles in
Berlin abound with scandalous rumors in
volving, among other names, those of
General Bron?art yon Schellendorf, for
merly Minister of War, and Herr yon
Koeller, late Prussian Minister of the In
terior. The Emperor gave an audience to
Herr yon Kueller on Thursday and it is
reported that aiterward he received Gen
eral Bronsart yon Schellendorf.
While nothing definite is of course
known as to 'he subject of conversation
between the Emperoi)gand the late War
Minster, it is generally understood that
the conference was in reference to the
coming trial of Major yon Tausch, form
erly of the political police, who is now in
jail awaitine trial for alleged forgery and
perjury in connection with the Lucizow
libe.s and General Bronsart's knowledge
of his practices. It is not known that facts
link the War Department with any of
Tausch's acts, but it is rumored that the
Emperor has ordered an inquiry into that
part of the scandal.
A strong story has been circulated that
Yon Guede, the present director of the
War Ministry, is to be tried by the mili
tary court for the evidence he gave in the
recent trial of Baron Luetzow and his
journalistic associates for libeling Count
yon Eulenburc, Prince Alexander yon
Hohenlohe and Baron Marsciiall yon Bie
berstein, but this story has been absolutely
denied.
Still another rumor has been flying
about that Dr. Lucanus, chief of the Em
peror's Civil Cabinet, had been suspended
Irom office for two months pending an in
quiry into his connection with the doc
iored version of the C*ar's toast upon the
occasion of the Russ'ifcn Emperor's last
visit to Brenlau, but being acquitted of
any connection therewith he was deco
rated with the order of the Back Eagle.
The solution of the charges, or ai least
suspicion against Dr. Lucanus being a
solution solatium, the rumor hardly ap
pears credibb.
In connection with all these rumors
the Vosssiche Zeitung makes the state
ment that the Emperor caused the name
of Count Herbert Bismarck to be stricken
from the list of guests at the recent mar
riage of the daughter of Minister yon
Wedel to Lieutenant Bismarck-Hohlen, a
cousin of Count Herbert, because of his
connection with the Tausch intrigues, but
this story is not believed anywhere.
In November last, Dr. Stoecker, for
merly court chaplain, was fitien GOO marks
for libeling the Rev. Dr. Witte. Dr.
Stoecker appealed irora the judgment of
the court and in his appeal cuarged
Witte with writing a letter and forging
Stoecker's name to it. The trial of the
appeal took place this week and occupied
two days, resulting in a verdict that
Witte was not guilty of the lorgery
charged.
The court then fined Stoecker 400 marks
more. The courtroom was crowded dur
ing the tr al and a host of witnesses were
examined, among them Baron yon Ham
mersiein, the former conservative leader
and editor of the Krouz Zeitung, who is
now undergoing a term of imprisonment
for forgery and embezzlement, and Baron
yon Luetzow and Herr Leckert, who are
also serving sentences for libeling Prince
Hohenlohe and others.
Prince Albrecht of Prussia gave an aud
ience to United States Embassador Uhl
this week.
M. H. de Young of San Francisco, who
has been stivinj: here with his family, has
started lor Washington, leaving his family
in Berlin. It is believed in American cir
cles in this city that he Is going to Canton,
Ohio, to emteavor to secure the appoint
ment as United States Embassador to
Germany.
STUDENTS SURRENDER.
University JUaturbnnce at Athena
■ Quelled by the Jroopt.
LONDON, Erg., Jan. 30.— A dispatch
from Athens says that as a result of the
dispute between the students at the uni
versity, there and one of . the : professors,
the students three . days ago took posses
sion of the buildings and grounds and
prepared to hold them by force of arms.
Yesterday the water supply was cut off
and the buildings were surrounded by
troops, and no one was allowed to enter
the grounds. Bodies of students then at
tempted to place before the King a de
mand that the offending professor be dis
missed, out they were prevented from
approaching the palace by troops, who
fired a volley in the air to intimidate
them. .- ,••'
During the disturbance one boy was
killed. This afternoon the students in the
university surrenderee!.
sir DanalA'a Generosity.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 30.— Sir Donald A.
Smith, Canadian High Commissioner m
London, has donated the sum of $600 to
the India famine fund.
NEW TO-D AT— CLOTHING.
-^ ; ' ■ • ..... : . •
Stop Those Doctor Bills !
Mothers, let us be your physicians. Buy your
children good, warm clothing. One fee paid to us will
insure perfect health and bright, rosy cheeks.
' Monday in our
Juvenile De-
/^^\ partment we
■ lf£^er will have on
$ '■•■^fLjr'" sale 200 of those
BjL^l^V beautiful, Reef-
'lßlf N§ji£^/ i er Suits, navy
t|^T yi blue, aZZ wool,
£07 M°^\^Cm as t color, deep
feX/^i o c i-tHI sailor collar, el-
l|j£ 9 " ' — "^p egantly braid-
s mxy — //s&t e(^> $** they're
==- - V V/ \* worth; suitable
-, s&KA. for now > stylish
for Spring; ages
JJi T\ Monday at
Js (DO Cf\
______ . «
* ________
_, b !
—
«^^. There's just 50
& ?^|? °f those pretty
Long Trouser
&j^sM&\ R eefer Suits.
<=^<zfbj&^ r l A made from fine,
\^y \j Tji \A- c avy Yacht
31 * A Jl 1 Cloths, for lads
] "^tzjLJ*" 65 3to 10;
■ Ml^J sweet and cun-
i. JO ninti ; they're
"7^- worth $7.
l ■'■' // V Just to make
i 1, ., it lively Mon-
// I I day, including
// I I \ a lanyard and
If I I 1 whistle, at
P _n/ $3.50.
School Suits
/_cjr_k _ ' for boys, in those
vf^^J fin heavy
\ %l f weight Athlone
/^jy^\- r T weeds, imp ort-
f\^^lgr\\ ' cd go od s, all
/ Pt*H I \ colors (never
/ •ejA ] can wear 'em
I 9 • -l c ) oztifA Six dol-
l_ Q * ••lu^. lars is nearer
f=» _j____O the price ; ages,
Vr \\"^ = % =^ in Reefer styles
\ I I 7 3to 10, bigger
\jf y boys 9 to 15.
vT'« Monday at the
Xli/ ; , big Kear n y-
ill Street house at
** $2.95. ■
tKeep ' 'em warm
J^S^f , these cold morn-
VJf ' ings going to
)fr[\< school. .
£. : fcyP\ Some 500, all
P> l \ told, of Ulsters
» \ \^ \^ and Cape Coats,
!• f~ I and Cape Coats,
4 /*"/ elegantly made;
r/ V : the Ulsters have
f* ' .• 2 r^ the big storm col-
f/. 1 0 ill lar and r the Cape
||| m Coats with deep
*•< military ape.
'■'.- ■ These were $5 in
.•-■» December ; Feb-
. m^A ruary it is so dif-
~~g{ Is^ , ferent. Monday
***^ <^7 they're yours at
—$2.50—
RAPHAEL'S
: : :\,' ; >T ARE .■ •*v
Km a pins - *
, FOR OVERCOATS; :
It ain't a bit suprising to see
people standing four and five
abreast in our Big Hat Depart-
ment any day in the week;
much to the hatters' chagrin ;
much to your profit and pleas-
ure.
We do the hat trade. Why ?
The most fashionable ilats, the
neivest blocks and the tiniest
prices.
Just take a glance at that new
Tourist. It comes in otter, sil-
ver gray, Havana brown and
black. Hatters charge $2. At
the Big Store on Monday at
—95c—
Ladies' sizes included.
Stylish
Trousers
In all-wool, dark, genteel color-
ings, cleverly tailored. We're
going to quote a ridiculously
low price for 'em Monday.
Some 300 pairs, all colors and
stripes, Monday at
-$1.65-
¥H_) A FIW A ¥____*¥ £_T
RAPHAEL'S
.' . (INCORPORATED),
* — -— TEE FRISCO BOYS
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street
SEVEN
TIMES
SEVEN
NEARER
RIGHT!
One
of the
Seven
Wonders
at
Seven !
THE
GRAND
FINALE
TO ALL
OF OUR
GRAND
SALES!
Sere's where 7 plays an
important part in our busi-
ness.
Here's where 7 is going
to do you a lot of good.
Here's where 7 will give
you values worth double
that amount, the simple
reason that it is the final
one of our sales.
It's a grand finale; a
grand climax.
The choicest of Suits, the
cleverest of Overcoats, all
new Spring styles, in our
big comer window at
$7.00.
Goods representing val-
ues worth 7 times 7.
It begins to-morrow and
for 7 days only.
It's a hot one while it
lasts.
.- *» — - — — ~ i
____?--*^ u=: /
"^^ \ 1 At= |\
Above you see the Suits.
Can tailors make cleverer
garments ?
The prettiest of Blue and
Black Worsted Serges in single
and double breasted sacks, aw-
fully dressy garments.
Handsome colorings in Tricot
Lawn, Cassimeres, in light col-
orings, in pretty overplaids and
neat pinheads , for Spring wear
and Spring '97 at that; Spring
styles of this season, Spring .
styles of '97. Should we say
more? No, we rest our case
here.
$7.00
WILL DO THE WORK.
ttt l n I
Above you see an Overcoat and
a very swell garment with deep
velvet collar.
The sketch hardly does 'em
justice ; they're the very clever-
est of tailor-made garments.
v The Overcoats in Kerseys and
Clay Worsteds— those fine Blue
and Black Kerseys with deep
velvet collars, but just as a finale
to all our great sales of the sea-
son of which this is the last,
we say
$7.00
FOR PICK.
If you desire to see clever goods
at $7, just take the trouble to
come down town to-day and
you'll see 'em in our big corner
window. »
WE AIN'T DOING A
"TING" TO OUR $20, $25
AND $30 .. OVERCOATS
BUT CUTTING 'EM IN
HALF.
34
FAST AND CLEVER
FIGHT TO A DRAW
Jimmy Barry and Sammy
Kelly Are Evenly
Matched.
For Twenty Founds They Punch
Each Other in a Scientific
Manner.
Vicious Swings, Fierce Rallies and a
Copious Flow o! Claret Mark
the Contest.
NEW YORK, N. V. ( Jan. 80.— Jimmy
Barry of Chicago and Sammy Kelly of
New' York boxed a very-fast and scientific
twenty-round draw at the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-ni.'ht. Barry was the aggres
sor after the first round, but was nearly out
with a left swing on the jaw in tne fifth.
He revived wonderfully, however, and
forced thepace after the eighth round..
Kelly showed remarkable cleverness, and
his advantage of height, weight and reach
stood him in good- stead. Barry put up a
great battle and- many of the speotators
thought he had a sjiade the better -of ilie
argudtent, but it was a very even thing
ana the decision was a good one.
The betting was 100 to 80 on Barry. The
opening bout was between Billy O'Don
nell of Memphis and Jack Hannigan of
Pittsburg. They were advertised to go
ten rounds at 122 pounds, but O'Donnell
Biruply punched Hannigan's face into a
mass of bioi. d and had him all but out in
the sixth round, when the referee stopped
the bout in one minute and thirty seconds.
The second pair were "London" .Camp
bell of Philadelphia and Jack Smith of
Norfolk, Vat Campbell got the decision.
There were about 2500 people- present
■when Barry a,nd Kelly got into the ring.
Barry's seconiis.were Joe Ghoynski, George
Dixon and Bob Armstrong. Kelly was
looked after by Larry Burns. Paddy Morati
and Frank Peabouy. Dick Roche was
referee and Jim Lavelle timekeeper. The
fight by rounds: •
Barry opened with a left that wrs stopped.
He tried the ritrht and missod, getting a light
right In the body. They mixed it up evenly,
both landing; then Kelly wen-t in and forcei
his man against tlie ropes; putting both bands
on the lace, and Barry clinched. Kelly tried
again and repeated and- for a time it looked as
ii Barry was in trouble.
In the second they exchanged swings and
Barry sent a hard left on the no.se. Kelly shot
his left to the wind, but Bany retaliated with
' one on the neck.
Barry opened the third, with a left on the
mouth* and followed it up with a right on
tne body, which, he repeated. Kelly rushed,
but was countered .hur'd on- the wind. Both
landed lefts on the face. .Kelly rushed and
missed, Barry putting a left en the neck.
Barry came la with a hard right on the jaw,
and before the round closed sent right ana left
to the body and face. It was Barry's round.
Both were a bit wild in the fourth. Hurry
lauded a oorklng left swing on the jaw, but
Kel.y evened up \vith a hard one on tne body.
Ih the tifth Kelly' landed a terrible left
swing ou the jaw that sent ' Barry down, and
the Chicago boy took nine seconds to g»-t up.
Kelly rushed at him, but though very tired he
managed to stay.
Barry came up strong for the sixth and gent
in three blows on thef head without a return.
Kelly landed hard on ihe wind, but Jimmy
countered on the neck. Kelly sent another
left to the jaw that gent Barry's head back,
but tlie little fellow sent his right to the nose
mid Kelly's blood commenced to fly. Twice
before the bell rang Jimmy sent the left to the
sore nose and mouth..
Barry showed, some of his old-time clever
ness and hitting power ih the seventh, and
punished Kelly badly in liie face. 'Kelly ap
peared a little" weak, bu-t put pne hard pwing
on the wind. Barry was guarding his jaw
carefully.
The aiglith was about even, and toward the
close both were sparring lor wind.
Each was stagpered with rights on the wind
In the opening.of the ninth. Barry tnea sent
his right to the ribs and left to the jaw, but
Kelly came back hard on the wind.-
Barry made the damaged, nose bleed again
In the" tenth, but a smart upper-cut on the
mouth drew Barry's claret. It was an even
thing so fur.
Kelly had a hit the best of ihe eleventh, but
Barry showed great cleverness.
Kelly sent his right to the jiw a couple of
times in the twelfth and Barry was beginning
to appear.tir.jd. as- the' weight was telling on
him. . •
Barry came up refreshed by good handling
for the thirteenth and landed right and left
four times on Kelly's jaw.
Barry aest his man to the ropes with a left
on the jaw In the opening of. the fourteenth
ena followed it up with two great rightß and a
left. Then he f.rced Kelly all around the I
ring, raining left swings on the face and body.
Kelly was very tired and was strictly on trie
defensive when the bell rang. '
Both were tired lor the fifteenth. Just as
the bell rang Kelly landed a left on the face.
Kelly countered har>l on the jaw once In tne.
6lxteen:h, but Barry had a'bit tuc best of the
round.
Barry had Kelly on tlie run at the end of the
seventeenth round, but Kelly aid some ciever
yorK at'tne start.
Both exchanged hard lefts on the tine and
tody in the eighteenth, but a straight left on
the mouth at the end drew the blood afresh
from Kelly.
Kelly left an opening m the nineteenth
which Barry was quick to take advantage of,
and ho sent in a voiiey of richts-and lefts be
fore Kelly recovered: Barry ' had clearly the
best of all tbe exchanges that followed.
Barry sent his mail halfway to the floor
with a jab on the tttroat in-the twentieth, and
some hot rallies followed, which were fairly
even up.
The referee call dlt a draw, j
Rneing n(-.>.«' Urteana.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 30.— Eesuflts: One
mile— Trilby won, Bamson second, Terra
Archer third, Timo, 1 :4 \ ...
.S:x furlongs— R. Q. Bau wan, May Ashley
second, llano Bell tliird. Tirae-. 1:16.
One mile— rd Willowbrook won, Maddox
second, ABC third. Time. 1:45%.
Six furlongs— wot). Siui W second,
Squire third. Time, I :ls>^.
Six furlonsrs— Loyal Princess won, Renaud
second, Whiff third. Time, 1:17.
Seven furlongs— Provident- won, Annie Teu
ton second, Princess . Boauie third. Time.
1:34%. ' ■
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
After Much Dine us* m the Agricultural
Appropriation- Itill It I'asurd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— The
agricultural appropriation bill was al
most ihe sole object of discussion \n the
House to-day, this being-the third day it
has been on the parliamentary, stocks. As
usual, the distribution of seeds gave rise
to an animated discussion, which lasted
two hours and comprised the usual mo
tions to strike out the appropriation
($rJ0,000) altogether.
This failed— 39 to 70 — Speaker Reed cast
ing one of the aflirmative votes, the first
tin;e in this Congress that he has exer
cised the privileges of an ordinary mem
ber. * '
An amendment was made giving the
members larger control over the selection
of the seeds purchased by the department.
On points of order the proposed re
arrangement of the salaries in ttie
Weather Bureau an 4 Bureau of Animal
Industry recommended by the chiefs, the
Secretary and the Committee on Agri
culture were stricken out of the bill and
the piovisions of the present law inserted
in place of them.
The bill was passed and after the passage
of two or three private bills the House, at
4:55, adjourned until Monday.
Urorer /.>mmrf Buiinea*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.—Presi
dent Cleveland end Secretary Lamont
reached Washington from New York at
7:45 this morning. _
EQUAL SUFFRAGISTS ADJOURN.
fTestr m State* Selected at Battle- Grounds
of the Suture.
UES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 30.— With a
meeting of tne executive committee to
day the annual convention of the Na
tional American Woman Suffrage Associa
tion concluded. The policy of the asso
ciation for the coming year was outlined,
and it was practically determined to re
move the national headquarters from
Philadelphia to Na»r Y r ork and to place it
in charse of the committee on organiza
tion, of w icu Carrie Lane Chapman Catt
is chairman. Mrs. Avery, corresponding
secretary, Vill continue to do her work
from Philadelphia, her home.
It was determined to drop efforts in the
East and devote all attention to the
Western States. Washington, Oregon,
California and Nevada will be made the
battle-grounds.
A chiei effort will be made to induce the
enfranchised women in States that al
ready have equal suffrage to take an in
terest in the cause in other States. At
present they are of almost no help to the
organization.
The next meeting will be held in Wash
ington in January, 1898. To-morrow
nearly all the leading pulpits of the city
will be occupied either morning or even
ing by prominent members of the con
vention. ~-
BOLD KANSAS CITY ROBBERY.
Three Masked Men Get Awmy With $1200
Worth of Crucifixes. ';''■ \
'KANSAS CITY. Mb., Jan. 30.— Shortly
before 7 o'clock this evening three masked
men entered the Catholic bookstore of
John A. Heilman, corner of Eleventh;
street and Baltimore avenue,' and .robbed
■him of $1200 worth . of crucifixes and
church fixtures and $60 in cash.
The store is within half a block of one
of the busiest streets in the city, and many
people were passing the door at the time.
Heilman was at work on his cashbook
when the men entered, a-nd as he looked
up he g;:zed into three murderous-looking
revolvers. He was told to keep quiet,
and, while one of them. guarded him, the
others took the content^ of the safe and
placed them in a valise which they had
with them. They then cut the telephone
■wire and backed out, locking the door,
thinking to mate Heflman a prisoner.
He got out, however, and gave the alarm
to the insurance patrol in the rear of the
store, but the robbers had escaped*
"THE COMING WOMAN."
Mrs. -XcKinlei/ the Guent of Honor at an
Amateur Performance.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 30.— Mrs. William
McKmley was the guest of honor at a per
iormance by amateurs of a play entitled
"The Coming Woman," which was given
to-night in Oakland Music Hall, Hyde
Park, close to the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. Lafayette McWilliams, whose guest
she is during her visit.
The wife <jf ihe President-elect occupied
a box with her sister, Mrs. Barber, and
Mr. and Mrs. McWilliams. The large and
iashionable audience gave Mrs. McKinley
an enthusiastic reception when the party
entered the hall.
Heeetcer for the Oltn* Bank.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 30.— Judge Free
man to-day appointed Half Metcalf re
ceiver for the Dime Savings Bank, re
quiring hira to give a bond for $200,000.
There was no opposition on the part of
the directors, who consented to the ap
pointment.
The court proceedings came as a big sur
prise, and have given rise to the rumor
that the affairs of tl"? bank are in a de
piorable condition. The directors, how
ever, assert that all the 4'XK) depositors
will be paid in full. There is due depos
itors $265,000. and only $120,000 in cash on
hand. It is asserted, however, that there
are asse'.s consisting of securities and real
estate. '
Seven Perton* Burned to T>#ath.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 31.— A fire
that broke out at midnight in the large
wheel workshop of Fred Schaefer, 410
Newark street, Hoboken, made four fami
lies homeless and burned seven persons to
death.
Schaefer's place is a three-story frame
structure. The rear was occupied by
Charles'Schroeder, his wife and five chil
dren. When the fire was under control
the entire Schroeder family was found
burned to death. Two alarms were sent
in, the firemen fighting hard to save the
adjoining property. The loss cannot be
es.imated. Schaefer, however, will be
the heaviest loser.
An Aged Woman Hurried to Death.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Cora, Jan. 30.—
Mrs. Kate Hitchcock, aged 04 years, was
burned to death in a fire which started at
8:30 o'clock to-nigh. The old lady, who
was a rheumatic, occupied a small frame
building at 109 South Web«r street. By
the time the department had arrived the
h.ouse was completely enveloped in flames
and it was not discovered until the fire had
been subdued that a human life had been
lost. The overturning and explosion of an
oil lamp is supposed to have b?en the
cause of the fire. The woman had three
sons living in Illinois.
' Sentence of Rank Wreckers.
DENVER, C0i.0., Jan. 30.— This morn
ing Judge Hallett in the United States
Court sentenced C. H. Dow, the former
president of the Commercial Bank of this
city, S. B. McClerken, the teller, and Dr.
O. E. Miller, a customer, to the ]>eniten
tiary at Leavenworth, Kan., for wrecking
the bank. Dr. Miller was sentenced to
ten years, Dow to seven years, and
McClerken to five years.
Jhe Alliance Goei Ashore.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Jan. 31.— The United
States steamer .Alliance went ashore- at
9:30 o'clock last night just inside tke Vir
ginia capes." The vessel was corning up to
Hampton roads when the. accident oc
curred., The Alliance at this hour (1:30,
January 31) lies easily and wrecking tugs
have gone from this city to pull her off.
— . «.
4 i>poi ii trft as Ililhop.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Jan. 30.— Very Rev.
Thomas M. L'.nehan of Fort i)odge, lowa,
received from Archbishop Hennessey here
to-day the Papal bu.l announcing his ap
pointment to the Bishopric of Cheyenne,
to succeed Bishop B;irkt», resigned.
Fourteen I nil inert
LO-UISVILLB, Ky., Jan. 30— TheGrand
Jury to-day returned indictments against
fourteen people connected with the city
government, including Aldermen and
police officers.
Jteath of Jtrother Soah.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 30.-Francis
C. Curran, known in religious circles as
Brother Noah, professor of Engiish litera
ture at Manhattan Collese, is dead.
Hrann Attetnpt* Suicide.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Jan. 30.— Louis
C. Evens, ihe millionaire president of the
A. C. Evans Manufacturing Company, at
tempted to commit suicide to-day.
Jteieueit the Crete at Sea.
LONDON, Ehg., Jan. 30.— The British
ship Port Douglas, Captain Trask, from
San Francisco September 30, which ar
rived at Queenstown to-day, had on board
the crew of the British ship Oronsay, Cap
tain Cook, which was abandoned at sea
while on a voyage from Melbourne ior
Looaon.
Vrrdrrick Visit* Her Mother.
LONDON. Exg., Jan. 30.— Ex-Empress
Frederick of Germa-ny arrived at Osborne
House to-day on a visit to the Queen, her
mother.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
CORBETT COMING
TO CALIFORNIA
Will Visit His Relatives
Before Beginning to %
Train.
Has Decided to ' Establish His
Quarters in the Nevada
Mountains.
Manager Brady Wires to Reno to
Learn if Accommodations Can
Bs Provided.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 30.— A telegram was
received here to-day from William A.
Brady, manager for James J. Corbett,
asking if suitable training accommoda
tions for the champion pugilist could be
secured at Steamboat Spring?, a few miles
south of Reno. He was answered that
everything desirable in the way of quar
ters could be found there, consequently it
is regarded as almost certain that the
GOVERNOR SADLER GIVES REASONS.
CARSON. Nkv., Jan. 30.— A large majority ot the people of Nevada favored the
glove-contest act. This was manifested by letters and telegrams received at the
Capitol.
The Leeislatnre passed the bill by a decisive ruajority and the executive does not
consider it his province to set up his opinion against that of the majority, as he could
not find any constitutional grounds for vetoing the bill. The license ($1000) prohibits
fake fights, and the general opinion expressed by the people is that scientific contests
with gloves are les3 demoralizing to society and less dangerous to life than football
games. R- Sadler, Governor of Nevada.
great heavy-weight champion will finish
training at that point.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. SO.— James J. Cor
bett left the city to-night for Kansas City,
where he will play at fighting before the
footlights for the last time before doing
some real fiebting in the Nevada rine
with Robert Fitzsimmons as the other
star attraction. Before leaving Corbett
said to a reporter for the United Asso
ciated Presses:
"I shall leave Kansas City a week from
to-morrow, the day after I close my the
atrical engagement in that city. lam
going direct to California for about a
week, not to train, but to see my folks in
San Francisco. Of course I shall be train
ing all the time, as lam now. After my
visit I shall go into the mountains of Ne
vada for four weeks' hard training under
Charlie White's orders, and do nothing
cisc and go now"here else until I step into
the ring for the tight. I don't know where
my training quarters will be, because I
have not been notified by Stuart exactly
where the figat is to be, but they will be
close to the battle-ground. My old home
in California is only a night's ride from
Nevada, and I can soon get there when
my quarters are prepare 1."
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 30.— 80b Fitzsim
mons to-night telegraphed Dan Stuart
tnatte will start ironi New York for Ne
vada next Tuesday to get ready to fight
Jim Corbett.
SONG BIRDS OF MILL VALLEY.
Large Number of Imported Singers to Be
Given Their Liberty in Marin
County.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— 1t will
be pleasing information to the lovers of
birds to know that the attempt of the citi
zens of Mill Valley in raising and import
ing feathered songsters hss met -with
greater success than the projectors of the
enterprise expected. Anton Mich«litschke,
the secretary of the Society for the Accli
mation and Protection of Singing Birds of
Mill Valley, has just filed a report of the
work accomplished by the organization
since its inception.
The birds now confined in a large aviary
on the Barkan property in Mill Valley
will be given their liberty on the 15th of
February. Since their arrival in Mill
Valley only six have died.. One thrush
and two finches died the first week, hav
ing b-en unable to stand the long trip
from Europe. The same number and kind
were killed t'y sparro&hawks, who made
violent attacks upon tt>e birds in the avi
ary, compelling ihe society to erect extra
nets as safeguards.
The birds have found Mill Vnllev cli
mate suitable, and the .skylarks which
were released last September are fre
quently seen flying overhead. They are
also increasing in number, and the mem
bers of the bird society are Ravine small
houses built in ,the trees on their prop
erty, where the imported songsters can"
live and find protection from the bluejays
and sparrow-hawk". Mr. Michalitscbks
in his report advises the society to in
crease the bounty paid for the scalps of
bluejays killed in Mill Valley.
The birds which will be released in Feb
ruary are of different varieties — gold
finches, thrushes, skylarks and chaffinches
being the most prominent. The success
which has crowned the work of the so
ciety has encouraged the members to
make arrangements for the importation
of another large consignment of the
feathered beauties in the fall. In the mean
time the slaughter of sparrow-hawks,
bluejays and other obnoxious Lirds will
be prosecuted unmercifully.
To Beau'ify Santa Cruz
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 30.— The
Santa Cruz Improvement Society, an or
ganization composed of women, and which
accomplished a great deal of good in this
town a few years ago, has been revived,
and is planning some valuable work. The
society found that it had a balance of
more than $300 in its treasury. The work
proposed for the present is the beautifying
of a triangular- piece of land on Center
street, along the narrow-gauge railroad
track, that catches the eye of passengers
comins into the city by that route. The
new officers elected are: Mr«. H M. Black
burn, president; Mrs. E. A. do Wolfe, tirst
vice-president; Mrs. Louisa Drennon, sec
ond vice-president; Mrs. Duncan Me-
Pherson, treasurer; Miss S. A. Tyrell,
secretary.
Julian Gold Mine. Bonded.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 30.— The Hel
vetia gold mine, one of the largest in the
Julian district, and owned by County
Clerk W. H. Holoomb and others, was
bonded to-day for $40,000 to a party of
Denver capitalists now on the ground
with a large force of men. Machinery i?
at work driving n 1200-foot tunnel to tap
a ledge 700 feet below the surface. The
contract calls /or the erpeDditure of
$30,000. This is th« largest mining move
ment in the district since the shutdown
of the Stonewall mine in 1891.
Srhoollioune Jiunirri Sear Via alia.
VISALIA. Cal., Jan. 30.— Ivanhoe
School, one of the most ccstly and best
equipped in Tulare County, lies a heap ol
ashes. It was located about eight miles
northeast of this city. Tne structure
burned about midnight, and all its con
tents, incluaing a fine organ and most of
the pupils' books, were destroyed. The
total loss is $3500, with an insurance of
$1500. This is the sixth schoolhouse in
this county burned within a year.
POINT LAMA`S SCHOOL OF MYSTERY
Theosophists to Establish a College
Where (he Science of the Soul
Will Be Taught.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. SO.— The rea
sons for the purchase of 132 acres of land
nuar Point Loma, San Diego, by G. A.
Griscom of New York, was explained here
to-day Dy Abbott Ciart, lecturer for the
Theosophical Society of Southern Califor
nia.
Gnscom is vice-president and manager
of the International Steamship line and is
now on his way to Japan, and it has been
thought that this purchase bore an im
portant relation to the proposed steam
ship line from San Diego to the Mikado's
kingdom. Theosopbist Clark says not.
"The purchase," Baid Mr. Clark this
morning, "is made for the purpose of
eßtablfshing on Point Lorn a a school for
the revival of the lost mysteries of an
tiquity.
"We have for a long time suspected
that Southern California would be se
lected for the site of such an institution,
but nothing was said until the purchase
had been actually consummated.
"Tnis is no visionary scheme, as the
names of the men identified with it will
signify. E. B. Rambo, who paid $25,000
down for tne site in behalf of the society,
is the wholesale agent for the Winchester
Arms Company in San Francisco.
"With him ia associated Dr. J. D. Buck
of Cincinnati, one of the leading homeo
pathic physicians of the country. A. E.
Neresheimer, the vice-president of the so
ciety, is a wholesale diamond merchant of
New York.
"The institution will be on the lines oi
the schools in which Piato, Pythagoras,
Solon and Euclid studied. Its first effect
will be on the intellect and next on the
usefulness of man.
"The unknown laws of nature will be
probed and the science of the soul will>e
taught. The college will be open to Chris
tian, Hindoo, Buddhist or man of any
other creed."
HARBOR BOARD'S INVESTIGATION.
Soundings Off Santa Monica and in the
Outer Harbor at San Pedro
Comp feted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 30.—Sound
ings off Santa Monica and in the outer
harbor site at San Pearo have been com
pleted as far as directed by the Harbor
Board. The United States steamer Ged
ney, the vessel used by the engineers, is
now moored in the inner hnrbor, and the
results of the soundings are being platted.
The work of platting consists of locating
the various soundings on a map or chart
for ready reference. This is done with
data obtained from rough notes made
when the soundings were in progress. The
lines of the soundings are at distances of
about one-eighth of a mile apart.
Soundings along these lines were made
at long or short intervals, according to
the depth of water. At greater depths
they were made further apart. As the"
soundings were made to ascertain the
depth of the water from its surface to the
bottom, pains were taken not to permit
the lead to sink into the mud at any place.
The results' would not, therefore, show
the character of the bottom.
The results of the soundingp show com
paratively little change from the measure
ments recorded after ihe lasteurvey.
The principal differences noted are in
the outer harbor site in San Pedro, near
the mouth of the inner harbor, the Gov
ernment jetty having produced a material
change. Signals have been posted along
the sides of the inner harbor and sound
ings are to be made in it. They will prob
ably be closer together than those in the
outer harbor bite.
I, us Aitqelrt Herald Transfer.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 30.— There
will be a change ol importance in the
management and ownership of the Daily
HeraW on Monday, although no official
action will be taken by the board of direc
tors until the followiug day. Telfair
Creighton and W. S. Creighton, who have
owned a controlling interest and con
ducted the paper for the past year, wiil
retire in favor of Abbott Kinney, a well
known capitalist, who wiil take their
stock. According to the agreement Kin
ney gives the Creightons four months in
which to redeem their stock. \V. J.
Spauldinz takes hold of the paper on
Monday as general manager. The Herald
is Democratic and will so continue.-
itrnntje 7 it/lit in. the Ileavent,
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 3a— A. E.
Douglass of the Lowell Observatory, City
of Mexico, writes to Mayor Snyder ask
ing lor information concerning a celestial
phenomenon on tbe night of November 3,
1896. It took the form of a curious irregu
lar light streak, 15 degrees in length. It
was seen in Arizona and California and
moved slowly across the sky. The as
tronomer intimates that the phenomenon
in question is of rare occurrence, but one
or two other cases having ever been re
ported.
Duath Mather Than Suffering.
LOS ANGELES, Cai,, Jan. 30.— Mathew
Burkhardt, a German', 27 ; years old, at
tempted suici'te to-day by firing a bullet
through his body, just missing the heart.
He said be had such pain in his heart
that he want, d to die. He will live only.
a day or two. Burkhardt was almost dead
from consumption.
. — i — i — a
Harm Kundel'a Body * Found.
LOS ANGELES, Cal,, Jan. 30.— Toe
body of Harry Rundcl, who was drowned
a month ago in Elizabeth Lake, was re
covered to-day. Rundel was on the way
to Randsburg and stopped to shoot ducks.
He went out alone in a boat and never
came back. His fate was a mystery until
to-day.
Grova I* Hate at Home.
LO& ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 30.-J. E.
Gross, who was put on Clerk Duckworth's
payroll by Captain Cross of Los' Angeles
and was reported missing in Sacramento,
is here. He shows a telegram calling him
home because of sickness in his iamily.
Struck by an i-lretrie Car.
LOS ANGELES (Cal.), Jan. 30.—Eben
ezer Spencer, a well-known old resident of
this city, was knocked down by an elec
tric car on Grand avenue and Fourteenth
streets this evening and severely cut
about the head. He may .die.
Many Attend the fair.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 30.-A large
crowd attended the home products ex
hibit this evening. The proeramme was
in charge of the Loa Angeles Free Kinder
garten Association.
THATCHER GAINS
AT SALT LAKE
Comes Within Three Votes
of Being Elected
Senator.
His Followers Claim He Will
Win on the First Ballot
Monday.
The Opposition's Motion to Adjourn
Carried by a M jority of
But Oae.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 30.— 1n the
Senatorial contest Moses Thatcher to-day
gained nine votes, making his total
twenty-eight — only three short of the
number required to elect, two members
being absent. Fire ballots were taken,
the first resulting: Thatcher (D.) 24, Hen
derson (D.) 14, Rawlin* (D.) 13, Mrs. E.
B. Wells (R.) 3, Kellogg (Pop.) 4, scattering
3. The next four ballots were sub
stantially alike, as follows: Thatcher 28,
Henderson 14, Rawiins 14, Wells 3, scat
tering 2.
The four Populists voted for Thatcher.
At ti.e end of the iiith ballot the Rawlins
and Henderson men were demoralized,
and prevented the election of Thatcher
only by a motion to adjourn, which was
carried by a majority of but one. The
Thatcher men declare their candidate will
be elected on Monday, while the Rawlins
and Henderson factions assert that ha has
polled his full strength and that on the
next ballot he will lose votes.
PROBING BRIBERY CHARGES.
The Olumpin Investigation Jiegarded as
in the Mature of a farce.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 30.— The in
vestigation by the House committee on
the charges of bribery preferred against
certain members in connection with the
Senatorial contest, was a farce in so far as
to-night's proceedings were concerned.
Assemblyman Warner, who is one of the
members under suspicion, was not al
lowed to attend the meeting, being in
formed that nothing concerning him
would come up during the evening. He
insisted upon being admitted to tin;
meeting chamber, but was finally ejected
in spite of his vigorous protest.
Senator-elect Turner and six others
known to be friendly to him were exam
HIDYAN is the greatest remedio- Ejjl Br JSBB HLDYAN can be had from the doctors'
treatment that has been produced by ifllßsßHfeMmi of the Hudson Medical Institute, and
any combination of physicians. The lifafllß from no one else. You need HLDYAN
HUDYAN remedio-treatment cures the Iffi when the facial nerves twitch, as there
disabilities and diseases of men. It is iaifl@R 9t fl ' s certain to be an irritation at their
a remedy for men. It cures seminal nuJJSSr^Bmil m W centers, in the brain. You need HUD-
weakness, it cures spermatorrhoea, it rff VAN when there is a decline of the
cures ni^ht losses, it cures drains, it Iflj 9 mJ| 51 nerve force, because this decline shows
cures pimples and it cures premature- a ac^ °^ nerve '^ c'e ' an '^ ma y develop
ness of discharge. HLDYAN cures de- . Into nervous debility and then into ner-
bility to look frankly into the eyes fsiilfi- rassed your nerves, if you have knotted
of another. HLDYAN cures headache, Ifl Hwi: or gnarled them, if you have abused
hair falling out, dimness of sight, IPJBB; IJ^HbI your nerves, to straighten yourself out
noises in the head and ears, weak mem- afffißr^ you will use HLDYAN. No one else
ory,lossof voice, taste or smell. HLD- fifnni JBHE "$& can Si ve Y ou HLDYAN except tlie Hud-
VAN cures sunken eyes, stunted growth, EtfiflU son Medical Institute. HLDYAN cures
dyspepsia, constipation and flat- f^ Dizziness, Falling Sensation, Blurs,
ulency. HLDYAN cures weakness or Drains, Despair, Sorrow and Misery,
pains in the small of the back, loss / |||tjW| - g^. Sr Write for CIRCULARS AND TES-
of muscular power, gloomy, melan- ||[^i:: bctl TIMONIALS of the great HLDYAN.
CALL FOR INFORMATION OR WRITE FOR CIRCULARS AND T^S FIMOmALS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
CORNER MARKET AND ELLIS STREETS.
ined, but nothing of importance was ad
duced. The opponents of Senator Wilson
assert that he has brought about the in
vestigation for the purpose oi discrediting
Senator Turner in Congress. It is known
that Turner and Wiison have long been
unfriendly, ana the fact that Henry Wil
son, a brother of the Senator, is here in
consultation with the members of the
House committee and others, furnishes
sufficient pabulum for all manner of
gossip.
FRESNO FORGERY CASE.
Shenff Scott Tells of the Futile Search
for William Wootton, the Missing
Rancher.
, FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 30.— The most im
portant witness in the Sanders trial to
day was Sheriff Jay Scott, who testified
that he had made a thorough search for
Wootton in the southern part of the State,
whence came letters purporting to have
been signed by the rancher to various per
sons in this county.
Not a trace of the missing rancher could
he find. No one had seen Wootton in
the cities where the letters had been
mailed. No one could be found who had
seen John Knausch or R. L Graves,
the two capitalists of whom Sanders
tells.
Attorney S ort resumed the cross-ex
amination of George Wiseman when court
convened in the morning.
"I have bad news for you," the witness
had said to Sanders. "Uncle Billy (vVoot
ton) is sick."
Sanders had then replied, hanging his
head sadly: '
"Well, it can't In helped."
"What do you think of him?" the wit
ness had bsked his son, who was standing
near. He referred to Sanders.
"Give him rope enough and he'll hang
himself," was the young man's reply.
Attorney Short quickly moved mat this
testimony of the witness be stricken out,
and the court so ordered.
Prior Nance and wife testified that they
lived in Hills Valley, and from their place
led the trail across the mountain to
Wootton's house. It was over tnis trail
that, Sandtrs says, Knausch a:;d Graves
walked with their bae of $20,000 irt gold,
when they came to Wootton's place and
bonght the ranch from him.
. Nance and his wife both swore that they
were positive that no -one had gone over
the trail that day. '
Sheriff Scott then told the story in de
tail of his futile sean-h for Wootton,
Knausch and Graves throughout South
ern California.
SWINDLERS AT STOCKTON.
Two Suave Strangers Induce a Bank Clerk
io Loan Them Several Hundred
\ Dollars.
STOCKTON, Cat;. Jan. 30. — Several
weeks ago two well-dressed young
strangers dropped into Stockton and put
up at the leading hotel. They seeruea to
have plemy of means and said that they
proposed to engage in manufacturing here.
So plausiDie were they that they induced
the owner of the premises at the corner of
Washington and California streets in this
city to eject a tenant in order to give them
the building in which to store the mach
ines with which, they said, they proposed
to establish a shirt factory.
Shortly after their arrival they went to
a brokerand said that they needed more
moDey in order to bring an additional lot
of machinery from San Francisco.
Fred Buttrick, a clerk of the Stockton
Savings Bank, advanced them $450, tak
inc the sewing machines as security.
Since then nothing has been seen of the
young men who were to engage in the
manufacturing business here, and Buttrick
has been nursing his wrath.
To-day me aeent who negotiated the
loan took the machines off the bank
clerk's hands, not wishing to be a party
to any fraud. Buttrick, however, is still
looking for the alleged manufacturers,
and, if they return to Stockton, has sev
eral things to say to them.
PORTLAND'S FEMALE BURGLAR.
Taught Stenography to a Fashionablt
Class by Day and Stole
at Night.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 30. —0n the
night of January 26, between 10 and 11
o'clock, the show window of the pawn
brosing establishment of L. A. Meyers on
First street, between Morrison and Yam
hill, was robbed of a mandolin, three um
brellas and a quantity of jewelry.
This crime was considered an extraordi
nary one, because of the store's promi
nent location, the early houi and th«
time'required to cut out the glass pane.
When the robbery was reported at police
headquarters Detectives Welsh and Sim
mons were put on the trail. Early this
morning they got a tracer, on the strength
of whicn they visited .the home of Mrs.
Edith A. Brown at Irvinfiton, where, after
a short colloquy, Mrs. Brown surrendered
nearly all the property stolen from Meyers.
Mrs. Brown was taken by the detectives to
the Central Police S;ation, where she con
fessed to having done tha work single
banded.
Mrs. Brown is about 35 years old. Ten
or twelve year 3 ago she married a well
known Southern Pacfic train dispatcher
named DuVlley, from whom she has been
separated for some years. Of laic she has
been teaching stenography and typewrit
ing In the Hamilton building, with a fash
ionable ciass.
A little more than a year ago Detective
Welsh arrested this woman for larceny in
the rooms of Mrs. Biver, in the Hamilton
building, but as she made restitution and
begged for her reputation that charge
against her was not pressed.
Death of Mrs. Welch.
SAN JOSE. Cai,., Jan. 30.— Mrs. J. M.
Welch, wile of City Attorney Welch, died
this morning, after an illness of several
months. The iuneral will take place on
Monday. Mrs. Weich was a daughter of
Bamuei Looruis, formerly of Wrights, but
now residing at Oroville with his son
Fred. Another brother of Mrs.' Welch
lives at Oakland and an unmarried sister
at Santa Cruz. Mrs. Welch was a woman
of bright intellect and a devoted wife and
mother. She leaves four children, the
youngest two years old.
Icebergs sometimes la-t for 200 years.PETALUMA`S FIRE
FIEND CAPTURED
Caueht Hurrying From the
Scene of His Third
Conflagration.
Five Warehouses and Contents
Valued at $4%000 Lost in
Fiames.
Ihz Incendiary an Imbcile Intent
on Destroying the Entire
Tcwa.
PETALTJMA, Cal.. Jan. 30 -Whitney's
big warehouses were discovered to be
oblaze at an early hour this morning, and
about the same lime lire broke out in the
engine-room of the Peialuma Wooien-
Milla in East Petalunia. Fire was also
discovered under the drawbridge over
Petaluma Creek. The bridge and the
woolen-mills were snvei by prompt ac
tion, but the warehouses, rive in number,
and said to be the largest structures in the
county, were entirely destroyed. Filled
with "hay, as they were, nothing could
ye saveii them. The fire illumined tbe
j ntry for miles and attracted to the
* :f> •& multitude of excited people, who,
. upon hearing tlie alarm from tne woolen
mills became almost panic-stricken.
Thegreate&t alarm has been felt in tb.e
city for some time past, especially since
the fire in John Cavanagh's lumber-yard
and the attempt to burn the bridge on the
evening of Wednesday last. All sorts of
rumors have been in the air, and ■so
thorough iy alarmed .had the people grown
that to-night a regiment- of watchmen
has been employed by private citizens to
look after their property, and the ci t.izens
themselves and even the regular night
patrol are being hourly he.ld up by the
newly engaged amateur squad.
This city is visited every, winter by
something more than its quota of tramps,
who find a rendezvous/on the outskirts
of the town at a place known as the
Willows.
Thy have always heretofore behaved
much above the average . manner' of
tramps, but as the fires have been un
questionably of incendiary origin the
thoughts of the p£6p!e immediately
turned toward the Willows, and it was
feared that a plan bad. be*n laid there for
the destruction and the looting of. the city
by the lighting of fires' in different and
distant, places at the same' time, so as to
prevent the concerted working of the
firemen.
But to-night, while the sky is still
lighted by the smoldering fire of the big
warehouses, and the watchmen on dar-k
--streets are striking terror to the hearts of
timid citizens as well as to each other by
the exhibition of their own zeal, the cause
of the alarm as weJl as of the loss of some
$40,000 worth of properly is pounu"ing the
iron doors of the County Prison, calling j
duwn all manner of 'harm' upon thehead I
I of Marshal Collins, who arrested him this
..-a.-.
: -'online Benedetto is *m Italian who has i
Keen under suspicion of the Marshal for
some months as a vaerant. He is rather
an unfortunate. He was' a laborer em
ployed on the railroad section during the
early part of last year and wrtrk-ed steadily
enough. Last summer he suffered a sun
stroke and since his recovery he has done
almost no work and as a consequence has
Jived almost nowhere. 'He has become a
familiar figure to those whose duties keep
them abroad between- sundown and sunu
p. Two engines stand in the- railroad
yard-i during the early hours' of tne morn
ing, w''th lire up.to be ready for duty, and
he has been aqcustomed to climbing into
them ,to get warni when no better shelter
offered.
Mr. Mego", the bridge-tender, also an
Italian,, gave him' a place to sleep for
several niahte, but was finally compelled
to e\] him to find new quarters.
Beforahis misfortune and while he was
regularly employed, Benedetto wrote to
his wife in Italy tp come to him with their
three c-hiidreri. She refused to do so, and
iLis S'-iimed to prey upon him. "
About midnight last night Benedetto
was seen about the railroad yards as
.usual, and when Mego at 5:45 o'clock was
crossing the bridge" he saw Benedetio
going in the opposite direction. Mego
speke to him, but the man in the dark
swerved off to the otner side. As Mego
passed the big warehouse a few minutes
Later he saw tbat the door was slightly
open. He looked in and saw a furnace of
fire.
■ His larynx is strained out of all possible
 use for weeks to come because of the way
he yelled. Henry Myers, who was groom- |
ing his, horses in Poehlman's stable a \
b.ock away, heard the cry, saw the flames j
' ana kept his head sufficiently to turn in
,"' the alarm properly, and in a very few min
utes the firemen were at work.
Their entire attention was directed to
ward con fininsr the fire to the big ware
houses, for they weie already doomed.
This was a big enoueh job for the depart
ment, but they did it well in spite of the
iact that several of the near-by buildings
i caught fire. Over 2000 tons of hay and
/ straw were housed in the frame building,
I and while the rlamea that were eating it
\up with tremendous relish, with a roar
that could be heard a half mile away, and
a tongue that seemed to be leaping up to
lick the stars, had awakened the city and
drawn its people toward them another
alarm was struct. It was for the fire that
Benedetto had started in the engine-bouse
of the woolen-mills across '.he creek.
The excitement that aiready swayed the
people was ot course intensified. Chief
Myers sent hose comDany 2 to the place,
and it arrived in time to aid the early
millmenin extinguishing- the flames they
ha i discovered. The mill is an immense
Structure, three stories high. It has been
closet! lor some time and was getting
ready to resume operations on Monday.
Little damage was done by the tire, but
had it gotten well started the structure
would undoubtedly have been wholly de
stroyed, with there is no telling what
• other property.
. , The department fought the flames at the
warehouses until o o'clock, when they had
• sufficiently euosided to leave the surround
ings reasonably ■ safe, and one hose com
. pany was alone left on guard. The lire is
to-night still limiting the sky.
Marshal Collins began an immediate
■ searclwor the incendiary, who nad by all
these indications left no doubt of his pres
• ence in the city. Some '•light suspicion
. was directed toward Benedetto, although
••. he was generally looked vi.on as an inof
■ f&rwsive fellow. " Tiie Marshal found him
in a saloon in East Petaluma about 10
• o'clock this mornin* sitting before a stove
drying his socks. One of bis shoes was
,; taken and .found to fit exactly into the
| print of a shoe thai Dad run through the
(taken and found woolen-mill just before
I rint of a shoe that had run through the
■ i ward the woolen-mill just before
I the fire was discovered.
\ ' Ho was arrested and charged with the
crime. H ■ denied it atoutly. Mecoa-ked
him in his own language at the Marshal's
rf-qtifst why he did not reply when he
(M«go) sr>oke to bin) on the bridge just
before the big fire was discovered. At this
. Jie broke down and confessed.
He became defiant at once. He said it
was he who set lire to Cavanagh's lumber
on Wednesday night. There was a quan
tity'of huy" there and he had touched a
match to It— that was all. He had taketi
some of the hay and placad it under the
bridge and touched a light to 'hat also,
th<! same night, while the firemen were a',
work in the lumber-yard. Last night, lie
said, he had better success He had iaKen
a quantity of the oily waste used in c.e^in
ilin the engines in the yard and placed it
on tne stringers unde.- the bridge, j. c
had then gone to the warehouse, effected
an entrance and had touched a matcU to
the hay in the center of the main aisle.
He returned to the bridge and struct a
light there. ' Tuen he crossed, m <- et)n S
Mego, the bridge-tender, who had be
friended him, as h- ran.
He went straight to the woolen-mill,
and there, placing some scantling on end.
be put some of the waste under it and
liphteJ Ins third fire. The fire at the
britl'-e went out of itself after burning
through one of the cross timbers, and was
discovered only after he hiid told about it.
Benedetto was placed in a cell at the
City Prison and left to himself lor some
time. This eveninc, when Marshal Col
lins went to look in upon him, the man
h;:d torn the blankets of his led ana
broken the tin vessels of his cell ami
thrown tuem out through the bars, and
over the ruins bad scattered the remains
of the photographs of his four children
that he had torn into sm lil i>iece=. He
saiil he •had done with tru-m all. He was
standing bareiooted and half-dressed in
his cell.
The Marshal put him into another cell,
without bars, wnere he could not throw
:i\vay his Uedcloilinig. The lellow made
a desperate light, it n-quiring several men
to overcome him. The man is doubtless
if. sane.
His description of his preparations un
der the bridge and at the woolen-mill
tallied so well with the facts known as to
leave no doubt that he is the tirebug, and
that he was alone in his operations. The
Murshal is certain that the cause for alarm
has been removed in his arrest.
The Whitney warehouses consisted of a
cluster of five building, occupying nearly
the whole block bounded by C, D and
First streets on the north, south and west
and the river on the east. They were 206
by 126 feet in dimensions, and were built
ovi r a scnre of years ago by the Lite Al
bion P. Whitney, being still owned by his
I estate.
There were nearly 3000 tons of hay in
the building, according to Superintendent
.Fred Walker, besides tackle, furniture,
implements anil merchandise. Ten of
j Captain Walker's famous flock of Maltese
I cats were burned.
The totallossis estimated at $40,000, the
pr.ncipal losers being asfollows: Whitney
estate, ouiiding, $cOjO, partially insured;
A. Kann. hay and merchandise, $5000, in
sured for $3000; George P. McNear. 500
j tons of hay. $j!000, not insured ; Golden
I Easle Mills, 20.1 tons of hay, $1500, not in
|sured; William Hill, 600 tons of hay,
$.500, not insured. The remainder of the
losses range from $20 to $200, being sus
tained by merchants and farmers who had
small quantities of h«y in storage.
Risk Bros, had 60J tons of hay in the
wooden warehouse across the street, but
this, witn Ka 's grain warehouse adjoin
ing, was, alter a hard battle, saved.
Forty fiherp liurned to Death.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 30.— The Inrge
plant of the Frye-Bmhn Packing Com
pany, valued at $2c0.000, was partly de
stroyed by fire to-night. Forty sheep
were burned to death, the flames paining
such headway betore the fire was discov
ered tiiat their rescue was impossible.
The loss is estimated at $15,000, and is
lully covered by insurance.
CHEAP DRUGS FOR SAN JOSEANS.
I Secret Societies Will Open a Co-Operative
Store and Announce a Cut on
Rates.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 30.— The drug
; gists of this city have been dragged into
the war that has waged for some time be
tween the physicians of the county and a
number of the secret societies, and steps
have been taken by a number of the
lodges to establish a co-operative drug
store.
The trouble originated a couple of
months ago w len the Santa Ciara County
Medical Society passed a resolution bind
ing its members not to act as physicians
for societies for iess than the regular rate
charged by the profession. This aroused
the ire of .several organizations and the
Sons of St. George and the Foresters in
duced Dr. George Owen Willis of Grass
Valley.to come to San Jose and elected
him their physician.
Tne medicos passed resolutions ngreeing
not to associate with or aid Dr.. Willis in
any manner. A petition was circulated
among the druggists asking them to re
fuse to compound Dr. Willis* prescrip
tions, and all Ihe drugstores, with the ex
ception of one, entered into the compact.
The lodges mentioned have now engaged
a druggist and wilt shortly open a store to
dispense drugs to the various fraternal
societies and tbe trade generally. They
also propose to make a big cut in all kinds
of drugs and proprietary articles.
STOLEN SILVERWARE RECOVERED
Detee'ire Jjoeatea Property Taken From
th* Spencer Jir*fdenc.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30. -Detective
Anderson to-day recovered several pieces
of si.verware in Sixth-street Chinatown
that were stolen from the residence of
Judge F. E. Spencer nearly two years ago,
at which time the house was set on fire to
hide the theft. At the time of th» robbery
?3000 worth of diamonds and $700 worth
of silverware were taken, but no i art of
the loot was recovered until to-day.
Among the pieces lound was a silver shav
ing-mug marked with the letter "S." D■
teetive Anderson is confident of being
able to locate more of the silverware and
part of the diamonds.
Shortly before the fire was discovered
on the evening of the robbery, Ah Wone,
the Chinese cock, was seen hastening
toward Chinatown with a large bundle
under h s arm. He was arrested on
charges of robbery and arson, but the
evidence was sligtu and tlie jury dis
agreed. Charges of being unlawfully in
this country were then preferred, and he
was deported. Wong evidently had the
stuff cached, and the hiding place was
confided to a confederate.
THIS PARKHURST A MONGOL.
Itee Long JBegtn.i a Purity Cruiade in
Ann Joie'a Chinatown.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 30.— San Jose has
a Chinese Parkhurst. His name is Lee
Long, and he proposes to reform the Mon
golian fallen sisterhood or drive it into
the outer darkness of Portland or. dome
other ungodly place. Lee Long is not an
ordinary heathen. He is a Christianized
Chinaman, and a member in good > stand
ing of tiie Salvation Army.
Lee made his first move toward j the
purification of Chinatown this morning
by swearing out warrants against Suey
Yeng, Eh Hong and Lung Yit, three
little maids from the slums. Before Jus
tice Dwver the three, pleaded not guilty,
and gave bail in trie sum of $5 each for
their appearance before the bar of justice
on February 2. Meanwhile Lee Long
threaten*. to descend like a thief in the
night upon sundry other resorts of un
questionableneßs and gather in more
brands from the burning. ; ; V. ? ,
Allriie* Failur* >o JProrlde.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30. — Olive M.
George has commenced suit against Ed
ward C. George for divorce on the ground
of failure to provide. They were murr.ed
i;i this city in 1892 and have a chijd 3 years
old. For "the past two years George has
failed to provide for his wife, and she has
been compelled to depend on friends nnd
relatives for foo<i and shelter. She wants
$00 per month alimony.
Inilurr of "n Orcliar<tUt.
. BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30 — M. C. Curtis,
an orchardist near Los Gatos, to-day tiled
a petition iv insolvency. His liabilities
are 127,70b,.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
OUTLAW TAYLOR
NEATLY TRAPPED
The Murderer of the Meeks
Family Taken Near
Hanford.
Surprised and Overpowered at
a Sheep Camp Where He
Was Employed.
Had Escaped From a Missouri Prison
When Under Sentence of
Death.
HAN FORD, Cal., Jan. 30.— George
Taylor, the man who is wanted for the
murder of the Meeks family near Brown
ing, Mo., in May, 1894, was captured at
this point yesterday by W. V. Buckner,
Sheriff of Kings County, and his deputies,
Andrew Ayres and Howard MeGinnis.
B. F. Lane, a painter by trade, who ar
rived twelve months aco from tbe town
where the murder was committed and
who had known the whole Taylor family
from boyhood first sighted Taylor, alias
"Rattlesnake Bill," yesterday afternoon.
Lane states that he believes Taylor recog
nized him, but he pave no sien of recog
nition that would put the outlaw on hi«
guard. Lane went immediately to Sheriff
Buckner, who caused a search to bo made.
The only fact he could elicit was that Tay
lor had made inquiries for the Jacobs
ranch. Telet>hone communication was
had with the foreman of the ranch, who
was instructed to keep a sharp lookout for
tbe suspect.
On Friday morning a message was re
ceived from tlie foreman, stating that the
man described had been there at 11
o'clock, but that he had been dispatched
to a sheep camp some eight miles away,
where work was given him. Plans were
made for his capture at supper-tim?. One
of the blacksmiths employed on tne ranch
vras sent ahead to recor.noiter. He was in
structed to wave a lighted lamp about the
cookhouse if Taylor was there. The
blacksmith found Taylor at supper, and
upon the signal being given the officers
rushed in and took him as he stood in his
shirtsleeves in front of the camptire.
Taylor was unarmed and made no re
sistance. His capture was a clever com
bination of detective work and disguises,
Lane, the man who claimed to have
known him from boyhood, having changed
his appearance and visited the sheep
camp to see if the man whom it was pro
posed to arrest really was Taylor.
Taylor refused to answered any ques
tions vut to bim by reporters. He is in a
ragged condition, but still has not the ap
pearance of a tramp exposed to wind and
weather. A bey who was with him, and
who is held for what he may know, states
that be and Taylor came down from Ore
gon recently.
CRIME OF THE TAYLORS.
George Steeki, Hi* t'ifti and Two Chil
dren Put to Heath. . -
KANSAS CITY, Mo Jan. 30.— 1n May,
1894, the Meeks family, consisting of
(ieorge Meeks, bis wife and three children,
started to drive from their home, near
Browning, Mo., to Oklahoma. Meeks was
a witness against William and George
Taylor, who had been charged with steal
ing cattle and whose trial was to com
mence the wees following.
On the morning after the family left
home little Nellie Meeks, aged 6 years,
aroused a farmer near Browning and told
him that her father, mother and others of
the family had been Killed and that their
bodies were in a slrawstack in a field. She
herseli was wounded in the bead. She
said the Taylor brothers had killed them.
The two brothers on learning of the
finding of the bodies fled from the neigh
borhood. They were afterward arrested
in Arkansas and voluntarily returned to
Missouri.
They were tried and convicted on tbe
testimony of little Nellie and sentenced
to be hanged. They had been wealthy,
and every effort that money could bring
to bear to save them from the gallows
was without avail.
On the nigbt of April 11 last George es
caped from the jail at Carrollton, Mo.,
where he was confined, together with his
brother William. The latter also got out
of prison, but was recaptured and hanged
in Carrollton ou April 30.
A number of reports have been sent out
over the country that George was at the
heaa of an outlaw band in Oklahoma, and
others that he had been seen in Nebraska.
RIGHTS OF WATER COMPANIES.
Judge Torrance of San Diego Submits an
Opinion Bearing Upon H/a
Recent Ruling.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 30.— Judge E.
S. Torrance of the Superior Court this
afternoon rendered a written opinion in
the case of El a B Ward vs. the San Diego
Land and Town Company, upon which
was based bis decision of January 16 over
ruling tne demurrer of the defendant to
the plaintiff's amended comilaint. The
decision was directly opposed to that of
United States District Judge Ross of some
months previous.
It holds that the company had no legal
right to double water rates, as alleged in
the complaint, and holding that the com
pany had the right to make specific con
tracts with consumers for water rental
for any length of time, regardless of
whether the Supervisors had previdusly
fixed the rates or not.
The present opinion is considered of far
reaching importance, as it goes into the
details ot the irrigation question as no
previous opinion uas done. It recites
that in 1887 Ward purchased from the
company live acres of land for $1500.
The company, by writteu and printed
documents, had aiways advertised the
lands as irrigat' d to January, 1896, aiut
that the annual charge for water rental
was $3 50 per acre and no more. Bath
representations were made as induce
ments to prospective buyers.
In lft»8 and until January 1, 1896. the
company assessed and collected bui $3 50
an acre rental. On that date it issued a
circular in which it raised the rate to $7
an acre. The plaint. ff determined to
make a test case and accordingly tendered
the old rental as usual.
Tne com plaint declares that the shut
ting off of water, which the defendant
threatens, will cause preat loss and irre
parable injury, and prays to have the de
fendant enjoined from dLoing so and to
have the delendant's claim tor increased
rental declared void.
The opinion declares that the decision
hinges on whether ihe defendant has the
right to increase water rates heretofore
char ed, and this rests upon the proper
construction of tb« powers and duties of a
water corporation under the constitu
tional laws; of ihe Slate.
The defendant claimed that in the ab
sence ot fixed rates made by Supervisors
it has the lejrai riaht to charge and collect
rates as it deems proper and to increase
them whenever the business requires it,
and also that the company, being a s quasi
public institution, it would be against
public policy to hold it so bound to
previous contracts as to preclude it Irom
exercising its luw-^iven right. •
The opinion says this new and startling
doctrine was not until recently supposed
to be embodied in the law which governs
the rights of persons carrying and distrib
uting water. It is certain that the
intent of the act of 1885 was to
have a certainty about water rates and
that there should be some permanency as
to the period during which rates once es
tablished should continue to be collected.
The statute nivea the water corporations
no right io change rates once estab
lished and collected, and the constitu
tion prohibits the ri^ht to collect rates
except by authority of and in the manner
prescribed by the law, and the statute
provides that when rates once established
by the Supervisors have been abrogated
by the board, the actual rates established
and cohected by the company shall be
deemed legalij' established rates.
LAWMAKERS AT SAN DIEGO.
Governor Budd »nd Party on Their
Southern Junket.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Jan. 30.— A special
train bearing Governor Budd, Thomas
Flint(President pro tern, of the Senate )and
a party of thirty legislators, who arc now
touring this end of the State, arrived in
San Diego at 3 o'clock this morn ing. The
visitors wer met at the depot by a dele
gation of city officials and escorted at 9
o'clock to Pacific College, which has been
tendered to the State for use as a branch
Normai School.
The proposed site for a university on the
heights whs also v. sited. The revenue
cutter Corwin was placed at the dispo.i tl
of the party for the afternoon, which was
spent in cruising outside the harbor. This
evening the visitors were guests at a ball
given in their honor at the Hotel Coro
nado. The special train le;t at 11 o'clock
tor the Highlands Insane Asylum.
Tne proposition to locate a normal
school in this city meets with favor
among the legislators.
Santa Cruz Convention.
SANTA CRUZ, Oal., Jan. 30.— The
quarterly convention of the Women's
Home Missionary Society for the central
district of Baptist churches began its ses
sion here yesterday. No session was held
to-day, owing to the absence of delegates,
who were prevented by the storm of Thurs
day from reucbing Santa Cruz. The meet
ing yesterday was begun witn devotional
services led by Mrs. E. T. Sanford. presi
dent of the Santa Cruz society. Lunch
eon was served at noon. At the evening
session tne reports of the several presi
dents of the societies in the district were
read, showing the advancement of the
missionary work.
Funeral of a Vancouver Monkry.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 30.— Because
a pet monkey which died in this city last
week was Interred in a plat in the local
cemetery, indignant citizens are agitating
the drawing of a monkey Jine at the
cemetery gates. Tiie pet animal had
been living with a Vancouver family for
years. AVhen it wont the way of all flosh,
it was announced in the local press that
the monkey's owner, a woman, had been
nervously prostrated for several days orer
the shock at losing it. A handsome casket
was purchased, and the remains were
buried with pomp in the cemetery. Some
treat the matter as a jest, but many de
clare against monkey interments in the
graveyard where their relations lie at rest.
Telephone Cntnpnny Incorporated.
LOS A>UKLJiS, lal., Jan. oU.— The
Rome Tpleplione Company wes incorpo
rated to-dai r . It proposes to carry on busi
ness in seven southern cities.
NEW TO-DAY-
FA/4 c
A Physician Whose Reputation Is Established by
Ten Years of Successful Practice at 737
Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
I HOT MAMUnnn And all the attending
LUol mHPSnUUU ailments of NERVOUS
DEBILITY of Young, Middle-Aged and Old
Men, indiscretions of youth, excesses of
mature years, drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back, diseased kid-
neys, inflamed glands; varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom and despond-
ency, poor memory and wandering mind.
BLOOD AND SKIN DISEASES, fSKffl
from any cause whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER Irritat)l}lt y' cystitis, stricture, etc.
DiIDTIIPE New method, sure cure, painless
nUri UnCi treatment, no detention from
work, no experiment, no knife, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent cure.
I A Hi I C -C -Will receive special and careful treat-
LHUILu ment for all their many ailments.
UUDITC If away from the city. Book, "Guide
If 111 IE to Health," a treatise on all organs
and their diseases, free on application.
CALL OR AI2IDR,EISS
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.-,
737 IVIARKIET BTZI.BX!T t
SAN JfItAJS ICISCO, CAL.
OREGON BANDITS
ELUDE PURSUERS
Railroad Detectives Find
No Trace of the Train
Robbars.
Confident That Case and the
Pool Brothers Are the
Cuiprits.
Mountain Fastnesses to Bs Thoroughly
Searched by a Corps of
Officers.
PORTLAN D, Or.. Jan. 30.— The out
laws who boarded the Shasta express
near Roseburg Thursday night and
wrecked the express-car with dynamite
after slightly wounding Engineer Morris
with a bullet are still at large. Division
Superintendent Fields of the Southern
Pacific Company arrived from the scene
of the robbery this evening and says that
thus far no positive clew establishing the
identity of the bandits Has been found.
Both the railroad company and 'Wells-
Fargo have detectives at Roseburg, and
posses of officers and armed citizens are
ttill searching every fastness and hiding
place for miles around In the hope of dis
covering trace of the robbers.
Wells • Fargo Detectives Hume and
Thacker are directing the posses. Several
moro detectives will arrive from Sacra
mento in the morning to join the force.
Ex-Sheriff Cathcart of Douglas County is
positive that John Case and the Pool
brothers were the ones who robbed the
train. He arrested them and secured
their conviction about two years ago for
train robbery, but they escaped on a tech
nicality and were lately seen in the moun
tain fastnesses near the scene of the recent
hold-up, near which occurred also the
robbery for which th««y were convicted.
They are desperate men, and knowing
that a second trial for this offense means,
in all probability, life sentences, will tight
to the death to prevent being taken. To
morrow a party of officers will leave for
the mountain stamping ground and con
duct a thorough searcn.
It is the generally accepted opinion that
the outlaws escaped in a rowboat from the
wrecked train, and thus left no trail be
hind. They could hare dropped down the
river to Roseburg after secretine their
plunder, and there mingled with the
crowds attracted to the streets by the re
ports of the dynamite exploded in the ex
press-car. ,
Five men were seen approaching the
river just below the bridge near which the
train was stopped. Two of these uiigbt
have been confederates, who kept in the
background and bad everything in readi
ness for thtir escape.
The Dig safe, which was badly warped
by the tire in the express-car, has not yet
been opened, so the extent of the loss oc
casioned by the overheating of the safe
cannot be determined.
No Pimples — No, Not a
Mark on Your Face
When You Take
This.
EcfjfSflr .dCcoS as B bJh9 am ' *5» JB IXffiSsSSßk It ' !
taeSrwk Wl vtj tWtm Bym BffJß af «BBF^MBw ! t%
JRr 4r a M^^^Kfl^^^^Vß~7x^ a VA «Mh «Hrß jffS iIIRwmtEI I i I nSHiJ^ki I
''-" eSmrk Qr JV P IHf in ™A vk laf^Bt 1 1 1 jbm La!
KffijS£g^pffE!a:TiHff IHIil IjuM ll' i I fr^wM
f ; '<? - ■ ■■■: '.~+ _■■ - ■'- : . ■^Sj' I:' nSSI I lilt pBn«
A FoBrnrKATB OcjranrATios or xhs H*. '
Host Ef jtmttiv* j | |ki j
Liver and XMaey Hemedy, !
Blood Fnrigcr, |B |||
StGX3£SCl)^]E&Ognl£.torand w* !l
Vegetable Hasative jgjj I $
In existence. A compound of the juices O |4
of Vegetable Alteratives indigenous to ' |f Q
California. mmm^ mmmmmm^ mmm m\ I I
njCTABED ONLY BT iff
THE SB¥XH V. 707 COMPANY. |
Sab Fkahcisoo, Caufob^u. hi
Kone genuine vithoafe this signatures r'
LZ
15» «rtteSa*tfcfc» forgery.
BEC Fo>a HVX DOLLARS. A Tfr ;£^
B£E FCS3& SSVB DOLLARS* |^^r^;
■' . J^^^^S'
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla: Any druggist claiming to pay its
advertising bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug clerk talk you into buying
something else for Joy's Vegetable Sarsapariila.
He laughs at you when you leave the corner store
with a substitute. Watch him.
",.'.' For a long time," said the farmer's wife, "I suffered from gastric troubles
and dyspepsia. After all my meals I experienced a disagreeable, heavy sort of
feeling and oftentimes in themorning my tongue would be coated ; in fact, this
would be the case for whole days at a time. I had recourse to the whole cate-
gory of correctives, aperients,: laxatives, etc., but the relief I found was only
temporary. Indeed, in most cases, after I had taken them for any length of
time, the early efficacy seemed entirely vitiated. I bad so often seen in the ad-
vertisements of
Ripans Tabules
: the statement, one gives relief, that at last it so impressed itself upon me that I
.■: decided to give them a trial. A trial was entirely convincing and in a short tim«
I was well. While T have now no regular use for them I always keep them on •
hand, to be used in case of emergency.".
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H. PttXLUe*. ATTOKNKY-AT-
\J Law anJ Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palacf Hote 1 . Telephone 670. Residence 1620
±'«il street, ielepbuue • I'me ' 2591.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA3IIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives He&ltU and
StreogUi to the sexual Organs.
56
The Pilot Schooner America Hove-To South of the Farallones Under Storm Canvas During the Terrific Gale of Thursday Night.
The Cruising Captain, Pilot Jordan and Crew Were Kept en Deck All Night to Frevent Injury to the Vessel
THE MAY BRING
THE SWANHILDA
Gales That Favor Her
Chances of Making
Pert.
The Storm of Thursday Night
One of the Heaviest
fcr Years.
How the Stanch P.io'-Boat America
Rode Oat the Gale South <f
the Faralloa-'s.
Hopes that the Swanhilda, bearing
Murderer Butler to the c.utches of the
waiting officers of tlie law, will soon be in
port huve been raised by the. southeast
gales that have prevailed during tlie past
few days. The pilots and shipping men
i:e:ierally know that these winds are
favorable to ships coming from Australia,
and they look for the bie four-master any
day now, particularly as the rear guard of
the fleet from Newcastle is beginning to
Btragele in.
Tne arrival of the British ship King
Edward off Point Reyes last evening was
looked upon as a good sign, though she is
seventy-five days out from Newcastle.
Trie storm .of Thursday night was re
garded by the pilots, the best judge 3of
the severity of ga.es, as the fiercest that
has visited this coast in many years. 'lue
handsome pilot schooir r America caught
the full force o* the storm while lying
eoutheastof the Farallones, and for several
hours tlie crew and cruising captain,
Pilot Fred Jordan, worked incessantly to
prevent her from beini; injured by the
fury of the raging wind and waves.
The first big squall came from the south
east with a roar, carrying the crests of the
■waves into spray and dashing over the
bow and sides of the smart schooner.
In a moment the crew was called from
below and during a momentary lull the
mainsail, which had been reefed, was stiil
further shortened, the foresail hauled
down and the jib reduced to a storm size.
Hardly had the preparations for a b. d
night been completed when the wind came
on with renewed violence and for a time
ihe stanch craft was buried in foam.
Squall after squall strucK her with a
roar that sounded like a passing railroad
train and the stout rigging sang with the
force of the gale. It was almost impossi
ble to breathe when lacing the wind and
all hands were kept on deck all night to
be ready ior an emergency.
So great was ihe force of the etorm that
the vessel, under her short canvas, could
not hold her own, and during tlie few
hours that the storm lasted drifted many
miles to leeward. Luckily Pilot Jordan,
who is considered one of i lie best naviga
tors on ihe coast, had worked we.l to sea
when the "dirty" sky presaged a storm,
and there was plenty of sea room for the
schooner to r*r f. through before the gale
broke and showed the vessel to be safe.
Her position was figured by the pilot
several times during 'he night, the lead
in each instance } roving that his calcula
tions were correct.
Detective McHattie, while on his way
here from Australia, set several traps for
Butler, the murderer, in case that no
torious character should leave the Swan
hilda en rf ute. At the Fiji Islands ho
left photographs of Butler, a complete
statement of the charges against him and
a request with the Sheriff to arrest and
hold the man on sight.
He also took similar precautions at
Honolulu, Hawaiian Islands, and at Seat
tle, Wash. So if Butier lands at any of
these places he will be apprehended, as
the authorities are on the lookout for him.
All the pilots on ihe pilot-boats that lie
off shore awaiting incoming vessels have
authority now from the United States
Marsha! 10 place Butler In irons should
they board the Swanhilda and find him.
They not only have authority from the
Government officers, but each is supplied
with a warrant from the British Consul
here.
One of the pilois speaking of the mode
of procedure in capturing Butler advo
cated this plan: He would board the ship
as usual, and then wiiile in conversation
wiih the captain explain to him that
"Butler" or "WelJer" is a notorious mur
derer for whom the officials of two Gov
ernments are eagerly waiting. The cap
tain would casually order some other man
and Butler to do some work on deck, and
■would immediately afierwaru order all
the other sailors alolt to shorten sail.
Then he would call Butler into the
cabin, whip out a pistol and handcuff him
where there would be no possibility of in
terference from a rough crew that might
be waiting for an excuse to eetile old
scores for ill treatment during the voyage.
THE SWEEPERS EXPLAIN.
Bloomer and Wtnkley Deny That
They Were Drunk or That They
Struck Formaman Kane.
In the columns devoted to marine intel
ligence last Friday morning The Call pub
lished a brief paragrapn to the effect that
three sweepers — Frank- C. O'Neil, P. W.
Winkley nnd J. T. B oomer— had been
suspended by Chief Wharfinger Hoot for
intemperance, disorder.}' conduct and
rough usage of Foreman "Kane.
J. I. Bloomer, one of the men impli
cated, has given the following explanation
of the occurrence, whicu he wi3neU to re
ceive publici: y :
"At 4:15 p. m.," said Bloomer, "I was
working on the crossing, when Mr. O'Neil
came to me and told rue that the foreman
had RCOnsed both him and myself and V.
W. Winkley cf having been in a saloon.
'You know,' said O'Neil. 'that that is not
i so. Are you man enough to go to the
chief and deny it ?
"I said I was, and at once put aside my
• broom and went to see the cuief in com
pany with O'Neil.
"O'Neil met the foreman on 'the way
down then 1 and thpy had some kind of an
encounter, of which I am not cognizant
myself. For my own part I never ;-a.d a
word, nor did Winkley to my Knowledge.
When we reached the office the Chief
asked us what we had to do with it, and I
gave this explanation. H* said: 'Ail
right; go and attend to your work.' We
PRENTISS SELBY, Whose Funeral Is to Be Held in Oakland
To-Day. Mr. Sc.hy Was One of the Principal Stockholders
in the Selby Smelting Works, of Which He Was Long the
Superintendent*
were afterward discharged by the action
of the Board of Commissioner?."
P. AY. Winkley, an«.her of the sweepers
lately discharged by the Harbor Commis
sioners, and who it was alleged had
been intoxicated on Wednesday, also de
nies the impeachment, and states that he
did not enter a saloon on that day; and
t.e further say* that it is prejudice on the
part of Head Sweeper Kane to have him
reported and discharged. He says he
struck Kane to protect Boomer, who is a
colored man.
An Inventor Arrested.
Gus Howard, the engineer from Australia
who was arrested Friday, had a choree of ob
taining goods by false preten>es booked
against him yesterday. Howard is the in
ventoroi a gasometer for manufacturing a
new gas, and different people have advanced
him money and goods to help him in perfect
ing the invention. Some of them have become
skeptical on the subject and Howara was ar
rested. He declares the Inventiou is all
right, but it will take some time yet before it
can be put on the market.
Johiiion Gets Seren Years.
Judge Morrow yesterday sentenced Thomas
J. Johugon to seven years' imprisonment for
passing counterfeit 50-cent pieces. Johnson
pleaded guilty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
MANY MOURN FOR
PRENTISS SELBY.
A Representative Business
Man Who Mads Many
Friends.
His Early Achievements Identi
fied With the State's
Development.
Funeral Services Will Be Heid This
Aftern on From the Oakland
Residence.
The funeral of Premiss Selby, who died
in Oakland Friday shortly before raid
night, will be heid at 2 o'clock this af :er
noon from the family residence at 1363
Madison street. Rev. Dr. Coyle will be
the officiating minister. The interment,
which will be private, is to be at Moan
tain View Cemotery.
In the death of Prentiss Selby California
lias lost a representative business man.
Although comparatively young (he had
not yet reached his fiftieth year), his
achievements were strongly associated
with the development of the State. He
was of retiring and domestic tastes, but
he had multitudes of friends in this City
and Oakland.
Mr. Selby was born in New York Btate.
The greater part of his early life was
passed at Stockbridge, Mass. In 1855 his
father, Thomas H. Selby, arrived in this
City and at once opened a hardware store
on California street. The venture proved
profitable and in two or three years he
was joined by his son, Prentiss, and his
daughter, now Mrs. Jackson Kaiston of
Oakland.
Prentiss worked in his father's store for
a short time, coinefdently devoting much
labor to the study of metallurgy. This
profited him when he was placed in the
smelting works at North Beach which his
father with others had started.
The sou took an active interest in the
business^and rapidly rose in the scale of
responsibility until he was superintend
ent of the works.
Not being satisfied with the methods
pursued on this coast, Prentiss Sol by took
a i rip to inspect the large establishments
of the E ist. Profi.ing by his experience he
was enabled to pick up many valuable
ideas concerning the reduction of mentis,
which be lost no time in applying upon
his return to this coast.
Upon the death ot Thomas H. Selby his
son succeeded to his interest in the works,
and thus he became one of the largest
stockholders in the concern. This inter
est he retained until the time of his death.
A few years ago he relinquished ihe ac
tive management of tiie business, but he
has always remained in close touch with
those who had it under their control.
Prentiss Selby never sought political
honors, and the only societies he is known
to have belonged to are the Presbyterian
church and the Athenian Club. He was
twice married, the first time to Mis 9
Church, who died in 1881, and later xo
Miss Collin, who survives him. He leaves
aix children, all living at home. The
eldest, Premies Selby Jr., is employed at
the smelting worss. All are prominent in
Oakland society.
Mr. Selby was liberal and charitable.
His estate is thought to be somewhere in
the neighborhood of $150,000.
NEARLY A FIGHT.
Counselor Beii Napthaly and Barrister
tliin Long Had a Dispute About
Their Hats.
The main corridor of the new City Hall
near thecourtroomsof Judges Wallace and
Cook was enlivened when Attorney Be.i
Napthaly met Attorney Jim Long the other
day.
'•You've got my hat on yet and I want
you to take it off," said Mr. Lone.
"It's your hat all right, but I'll not take
it off till you return mine," replied Mr.
Napthaly with spirit. "You took my hat
and I look yours. That's what's the mat
ter."
Mr. Loßfif— Well, you taKe my hat down
to my office and gtu your old catiy.
Mr. Napthaiy — Don't you dare, sir, to
speak disrespectfully of my headgear. Be
sides what's the matter oi your bringing my
hat to my office?
Mr. Lour — Your office! Where in hades
is your office/
Mr. Natphaly — Never mind about where
my office is. You just produce the tile.
You hear me?
Mr. Long (advancing in a threatening
manner)— Now, don't you make any snide
breaks or I'll smash you.
Mr. NaDthaly (bristling up) — You will,
will you?
Mr. Loug (assuming a Fitzsimmons at
titude)— Yaaa! That's what I'll do. And
it won't be the tirst time.
Mr. Napthaly (somewhat perturbed on
account of reminiscences) — Well, you
don't see me running, do you? When 1
run I'm a sprinter, but when I stop I'm a
stayer.
Just as the bugles were about to sound
the charge Bailiffs Curtis and Samuels sal
lied forth from their rospective court
rooms and witli one voice crieii: "Here,
you gentlemen, remember that you are
gentlemen ana ciear this corridor or
you'll get run in."
SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE.
Silks, Dress Goods, Domestic and Hos
iery to Be Sold at «. really Re
duced Prices*
J. Samuels, the well known Kearny
Btreet drygoods merchant, has,decided, in
order to' facilitate the sale of his stock,
preparatory to moving to inaugurate a
great sacrifice clearance sale, and .an
nounces in the advertising columns of to
day's issue of The Call some phenome
nal bargains in silks, uresa goods, domes
tics, hosiery, etc. TLe Dig store at 104-108
Kearnv street will, no doubt, present
quite an animated scene to-morrow with
bargain hunters eager to take advantage
of the big cuts in prices made through
out the various departments.
REPLEVIN SUITS COMMENCED
By Kohler & Chase Againut the Pacific
Music Company.
Kohler & Chase, through their attorney,
William Kigby, have begun several re
plevin suits against the Pacific Music
Company (Ernest Lomler and B A.
Schlot) carrying on business at 816 Market
ana 11 O'Farrell streets, to recover certain
pianos which belong to the plaintiffs in
question and were placed in possession of
the Pacific Music Company lor sale on
commission.
One William Schmitz, who has been a
partner of the firm in connection with the
sale and renting of pianos, also claims,
under an alleged bill of sale, a number oi
pianos as his property. The amount in
volved in the Kohler & Chase proceedings
is not more than $1300. It is, however,
understood that the company is otherwise
indebted to local people and to Eastern
houses for goods and merchandise, and
that its total liability in this connection
represents a large sum of money.
Hide Thief Sentenced.
Stephen Daley, convicted of stealing Hides
from a San Bruno road tannery, has been sen
tenced by Judge Cook to pay $240 fine or go to
jail for 120 days.
HEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
I rfaop® & $&*> Kojxc^^ I
v v^r} A Straightforward Business. X
? A^^^y Making a bid for popular patronage needs no X
X ll^l^ diplomacy, finesse or sharpness in its management. A
X // /M\\ Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public tie to. A
X V// \)j These methods you will find in force here at all {*
V ]// 7 times. We attribute our success in a great measure A
A />A- -~1 to their practice. 6
X /^CLLJi\ We are here to serve you faithfully: want this * ;
f f / V<^V\ x~ store to be pointed out and spoken of as the place
<i i / C^ s l\)^r^ where all classes of the community may come and feel j|
\ F L^ >^Jj^^S i that they are being dealt with in absolute fairness. j
ii I L^\^^^^ All ready for the Spring business now; got a store |
( \ F m ~s> full of bright, new merchandise to tell you about. j
j j NEW GOODS ABE T ARmV|N^EygRY o DAY_B L Y |^S T 8 H AND E FREIGH.T |
A i m -««sss fPMT^ Will buy some of the new creations, such as Chantillon Organdies on white *\
(t ■ O n n v nn and tinted grounds, in dainty pointings; also the new Hair-line Dimities in ]
■ 8 \3 PER YARD tinted groundwork and pretty fancy designs. j
>i mma FINITE Will buy the new Revered Lawns, Organdies, Dimities, Chenille Organdies t
1 I ■*% V/^; 1^ 1 ' ::7 _.^ and Lattice Organdies, which are among the handsomest of the new things at
ii \^o PER YARD this price. The colorings mc ude everything in the way of light, medium and 4,
• • dark grounds and the patterns everything from the daintiest sprig, stripe or dot to the most beau- • i
' "f tiful Dresden colorings in clouded patterns resembling the skies at the breaking of a storm. '.
\ 1 && &*. fFNm Will buy the new Lappett Organdies and Souffle Lawns, which are two of this J| ;
t? 7 IH r^r^r^ xt a r»r\ season's prettiest novelties. The designs are particularly foreign, the patterns yf
ti&m \&J PER YARD so arranged as to cover in and around the pretty openwork lace designs of the i i ]
ik I cloth. St /
1I ' jf»h _ r'PfSJTQ Will buy the new Moire Tambour, an entirely new sheer material for this sea- j
I l w Ef^ r^r-. \r a nr\ son - Ine designs are all of a very high order, and the colorings put together I \
JJ <_s^_| PER YARD as though by the brush of an Angelo. j f
V 1 F <*=** #*s CFNTS Will positively buy the highest grades of Cotton Wash Goods produced for the 1 i
■2b! r^r^r^ v*nn, season— such novelties a* Kay ure Organdies, P?ris Organdi and' Brocaded Lap- o **
4I 4 +O^J PER YARD pets. They are all -weight fabrics, some light colors, others dark. They a
•I ? are the ultra extreme things among the novelties, the patterns the most exquisite, the [
1 colorings and blending the most beautiful. No better anywhere, even if they ask you SOC yard. |
•j| A PARTIAL DISPLAY OF THESE NOVELTIES NOW IN OUR WINDOWS f
ill NEW DRESS GOODS. NEW DRESS SKIRTS. NEW_SILKS. |;|
IF Everything Is "^ yet I. by any 6k%."?J"& K^^Stf tfi.^.TtaS £ h^&^^^ u Z?*%* [
ill means, but we hnvc received some of the must have almost as many changes of Skirts ! SVC» O 2?«cula?lv noticeable in Fan™ •■
• I new thin to sell from 25c to $1 a yard, ,as of ribbons. We start the season early, to j $",.*? P»rt.cu arly noticeable in Fancy 1?
Iff Come to see them; look at the styles for be sure, but what's the difference, they're here I;*',* cm O !oved for llninVs n ;¥,si I
spring even if you don't want to buy. and you may as well see them and ge: posted. §heerDre^s Materials so many of them
iU °H et tCd V ' TW '"v be T P ' e m S b beU ce r r e the f-^ Wlilbuv the NeW Shepherd g^ ope" work and" lace^f^.'wm !
••■ show them to you. You II remember the 1) [ CQ Checks in nan, green, black compel the use of silk linings to fully de-
JJJ value when you g_ready to buy. V or garnet, combined with velop their beauty. y
ii c Will bnv the new BDrine white, lined with grass cloth, C Will buy the new Foulle •.
Iff 2SI &£•■ £ All-wooT Ch P eck s g bound with velvet. . ' 2^ F.gures in Blues, Steel , f
"" Ds Mixtures and Cheviots. All C^ />rk Will buy the new large or * a Browns, Greens, Purples and [
about 36 incnes wide. %P2«v)U small checks in black, blue other combinations. They are (l 4
ki 0 ' ■. " ' or green, combined with Union oiiks, but wear well m i
%9 C Will buy the Novelty Weaves white; also new Figured for waists. I
"2 CT including the new Seaorieht BiacK Alpacas, lined with c Will buy the new B i ack Fig . I
! 1 *- F «-' s and Manhattan Suitings in rustle, bound with velvet. "2QT ured Louisines in small and I
ia 1 the popular colors. • <t-^ w*r*k. Will buy the New Fancy *-F^S large designs. A lovely va- f
; I^«¥?ffi^^3m^ J^2»SO Checks in blue, brown or riety, 24 inches wide, just the i
i k 401 1 , 7,S i green, combined with wbite; ■ c thing for waists and 'f
M 401 All-wo lScotca and English also new Brocaded Black Value at 50c or 60c.
It *T s Cheviot Suiting, wh.ch will Mohairs, lined with rustle, c Wlll buy the new Foulard
be m Popular for B treet cos- bound with velvet.. Cof Smi^Atts.ff BufaM I
ill lv !<£ . —-. Will buy the new Illumi- \J S Navy . ( Black, Reseda, Myrtle Of
f " C Will buy the new Saratoga ! *P4.».SU nated Large Checks in pur- an d other favorite colors,
CO T and Long Branch Novelty pie and blaclc, blue and very i arge Frenchy designs U
tft *J S suitings. The names alone while and brown and white; in white. «2
V should convey the idea ° extreme novelty patterns, p.^ Will . buy rich Black Bro . X
jf\ Stye# bound with rustle percahne, SOl caded Satins and Gros Grams, V
%M styie. bound with velvet SVs cadedSa fms and Gros Grains,
§ A^ C Wili buy the new Rainbow Cfi -^ Will buy the new Black Silk s tlm Except h^vaVaT V
X 051 and M-x'-d Cheviot .Novel- $B*so Skirts, made of large figured M^Si^milt^lr^il. 5
%* *^=» ties. Higii-class designs in *^ Louisine silks, lined with _ w ...' .„„ .. „„„„,,, c.-iir Jl.
X- absolute^ew effects. rustle percaline and bound 3-* J^^nhlgs iHS't". new J
4i d? Will buy the new Red- 11H3I11I popular two-tone color com- €* i
f Si. OO fern Suitings in Shep- Cwr*. rfcO^' 11 b " y . the ne , w l' ack binaiions. A |
t «f7I.W herdCl .ecks. These are 4>10.00 Gros- Grain and Satin , fa W |
X about 52 inches wide and fki rtsjn love.y floral and A- T height Taffeta Silk in solid A •
O absolutely all wool. All set .. brocades, lined with -q.^ s . JJ * , nich as fflack,^^ Pink, X
X ■ the new spring color- rustle percaline and bound Li^ht Blue, Cardinal! Lav- O
I NEW FR is-c HAL u ES : $17.50 SISi~H siZiSr §
X Not imitations; each piece bears elegant heavy qualities. Will buy ? n^P"^"?* l^ A
O 9 brand of the maker and the de- lined all through with 501 heavy Plain B'**j»° w ,s£ f± J k
X afgns the breath of "parlez votis," silks, all bound with vel- & S over 30 »njhe» Jj de. T hey
X i 4b t and dark colors. 35c and 50c a vet, have extra lk Z^ & tTn% 3^l ]i^ n r ; g !° r X
SAW SERPENTS
AND WATERSPOUTS
Captain Graham Had Sev
eral Remarkable Ex
periences.
Had to Fire Shots Into Water
spouts to Save His
Ship.
The American ship W. F. Babcock ar
rived from New York last Friday and
docked at Howard-street wharf yesterday.
The cargo is wanted in a hurry and
Captain Graham is anxious to get it out,
as be is chartered to load sugar at Hono
lulu for New York. In consequence no
time will be lost in discharging and ballast
ing the vessel.
The iiabcock has had an eventful trip
around the Horn. She was in storms and
hurricanes and beset by waterspouts. The
sea serpent was sighted, and on one occa
sion the vessel was on her beam emls.
The ship's coat died from eating shavings
— indigestion — but nevertheless all else
ended well.
Lying in her berth yesterday the Bab
cock was a credit to the American mercan
tile, marine. Although only twenty-four
hours after getting into port from a long
passage she was as spick and span alow
and aloft as a yacht, and members of the
Navai Reserve should pay a visit to the
gallant .-kipper anil learn how easy it is to
run a big vessel, even though hurricanes,
sea serpents and storms are encountered.
When talking about the voyage yester
day Captain Graham remiirked: "We
were in latitude 25.55 north, longitude 37
west, wheu we encountered a severe elec
tric storm. The wind blew so hard that
we had to reduce the ship to three lower
topsails and foresail. The thunder came
in a succession of peals, and it seemed as
though all the artillery of the heavens
was at work. Flash after tia-h of light
ning played around the Jiabcocfc and
made the scene as light as day. The rain
came down in torrents," concluded the
captain, in a matter-of-iact way, "alto
gether making one of the most disagreea
ble nights 1 have ever experienced."
For two weeks all went well, and then
the big clipper had another experience.
In latitude 9.16 north, longitude 29 43
west, she was chased by two waterspouts.
Says Captain Graham: "They matte no
right astern and were rapidly approach
ing the ship.
"They extended from the water to the
clouds, the Jargest one apparently being
about fifty feet in circumference. I at
once ordered all sail taken in, because if
one of the spouts struck us with sail set
then the masts would have gone t>y the
board, and even if the spout had> struck
us and we had had all sail furled I think
the ship would have been dismasted.
"The largest one came quite near to us,
when a roaring sound could be beard.
Just then I remembered to have heara
that the concussion caused by a rifle shot
would break the column of water. I
ordered a rifle brought from the armory
and two shots were fired into the advanc
ing column of water in quick succession.
Suddenly it began to tremble at the base
and finally disappeared. Whether it was
the reports of the rifle that caused it to
break or whether it was from natural
causes Ido not know. 1 do know, how
ever, that the Babcock had a very narrow
escape. The .smaller waterspout took a
different direction and went away to the
leeward oF the vessel."
One day later the Babcock encountered
the sea serpent. It was in latitude 8 deg.
02 mm. north, longitude 28 detr. 40 mm.
west, and the vessel was somewhere in
the vicinity of the mouth of the river Am
azon. "It was about 9a. m.," said Captain
Graham, "when we p.issed close to a large
sea serpent. It was apparently asleep.
It was of a dirty green color mixed with
spots of black. It waa partially coiled
and, as near as I could judge, was from
thirty to forty feet long and about two
feet in circumference. It had a long,
flat head and, outside of its size and
length, looked like an ordinary land
snake. It may have been washed out of
one of the rivers on the Atlantic coast of
South America, but that I cannot vouch
for. All I know is that my wife is willing
to swear on a stack of bibles that she saw
the original sea serpent."
The Babcock came here a year ago from
New York and went to Honolulu to load
a-.igar for the metropolis. She will repeat
the voyage agrin this year and Captain
Gratom expects to make just as good
timi* His little daughter Gladys is still
the fthip's mascot, but she mourns the loss
of her goat. The animal was born in
British Columbia and would not eat
American hay. Instead she developed an
inordinate liking for shavings and saw
liust and indigestion killed her. A goat
that will eat American hay is badly
wanted aboard the VV. F. Babcock.
The following changes to go into effect
to-morrow have been ordered by the Chief
Wharfinger: Wharfinger Walknp goes
irom Beale street to section 2 of the sea
wall and Thoma» Deasey takes his place.
John Lycett, collector at Beale street, poes
to section 3 of the seawall, thus changing
places with "Tom" Casey, who relieves
him.
Very quick time has been made with the
discharging ot the brig John D. Spreckels.
Arriving F.-iuay afternoon, she was docked
at the refinery ai 2:40 p. m., and at 1:50
p. m. yesterday she was discharged and at
3:45 p. m. she was alongside the Pacific
street wharf takin - in cargo for Honolulu.
This timp has been beaten, however.
Captain Howard, superintendent of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, took the
Voiant out of her winter-quartprs at Sau
salito a lew months a^o, ballasted and
provisioned her, put a crew aboard and
sent her f o sea inside of eight hours.
The American ship M. P. Grace arrived
from Baltimore last night. J. W. Johan
sen, one of the sailors, fell from the main
yard on October 30 and was drowned.
THE LARGEST FLAG
IN THE WORLD
Is Now Being Made Here
for Hawaii and Will Be
Eighty Feet Long.
Will Consume 700 Yards of Bunt
ing and Fly From a Pole
150 Feet Long.
Captain George C. Beckley of the Wilder
Steamship Company, Honolulu, who ar- ,
rived here recently to take back the new V
steamer Helene, lately launched here, is A
having the largest flag made of whicb.
shipping men have ever hear l. It will
be of the extraordinary width of fom'
feet and will be eighty feet long, consum
ing in all no less than 700 yards of bunt
ing.
This monster flag is to be raised on tlie
Helene on the maiiien trip of that vessel,
as she leaves i ere for the Hawaiian
Islands. It is a Hawaiian flag, of course,
and as such will dwarf every other fl.ig,
no matter of what nation, that comes into
port.
When the Helene gets to Honolulu the
flag will be taken down and wili finally be
put on a iriganiic pole, towerine in the air
from the heights of Punchbowl Hill. The
pole will be, as Captain Beckley tells, 153
feet long. It was made of a monstrous
Puget Sound fir tree, and is now en route
to the islands on the bark Klickitat.
The way Captain Beckley happened to
get the idea of eclipsing the world in the
way of flags is peculiar. He is a commo
dore in the Hawaiian navy, and has been
for over thirty-five years Vitb the afore
said steamahiD company, of which he is
a director. On the eve of his departure
for this country he was given a (iinner by
the employes of the company and pre
sented with a fat purse. Captain Beckley
said, as it* was handed to him:
"The money will be used in the pur
chase of the largest Hawaiian flag ever
f-een in Hawaii. It will be larger than the
great Hag of the American League, and I
will fly irom the foremast of the Helenei
from San Francisco to Honolulu. Then i% j
wil: float from a tall pole in my yam on/
thf slope of Punchbowl Hill."
This is why h heavy flag manufacturing
firm here is now busy with the great flag.
'•It will be the bigpest flag of which I
ever beard," said Captain BecKlay yester
day. "There isn't another one like it in
the world."
Hypnotic Inst., b O'Farrell, teach, treat.M-NDAY JANUARY 31, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin thkatib-" Macbeth," to-morrow
night.
< 4i.ifo*i«a Tr-eatkr.— Mile. Antoinette Tre-
bPlll. Tuesday night.
Columbia . hn«»- "Devil's Auction.'
Mokosoos cptRA-Housit—- Orphans of New
York
ai^azai Theater.— "All the Comforts of
Home. '
Tivoi.t ( pera Hotm*.— "Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful Lamp.
OurHKiM- High-Class Vandevllle.
Ibf AcciToßit:*!— Ellis and Mason streets-
Concert. Saturday afternoon, Februar. 6th.
Thk chutes and Skating Rink— Dally at
Halffh; street, one block east of the Park.
m IKD Maths— Bathinjr and performances.
Central Park.— Baseball.
OOi-BKJI Gate Park— Golden Gate rark Band.
1 ManoCOiti Jni-KnvCi.rit.- Races to- morrow
ALCIION : ALUS.
By P. J. Barth.— Monday. February .1, Art
Goods, at 416 Larkiu St., at 3 P. Jf.
Iv 0. H. Vmrsen * Co.— Monday, February 1,
I'eal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Moutjjoinery street,
■t 12 o'clock noon.
I\Kasion 4 > i.drtpok.— Tuesday, February
2, Real Kstate, at salesrooms, tioS Market s;.,
ut 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
C. L. Henton has been sued for ?2,000 by the I
Pacific Bank.
Judge Dunne has sentenced William J. Price j
to the State Prison at Quentin."
Pauline Urbsch hns sued Ignaz Urbach for a
divorce on tht- ground oi failure to provide.
Additional electri> lights have been placed I
on Mission street ironi Twentieth to Twenty- ;
second.
O. Weisman, proprietor of the New Cream
crie, 72. r > Market street, has tiled a petition in
Insolvency.
Ex-Scilool Director F. A. Hyde replies to j
..;iaitor Broderick and accuses various Boards !
( : Education oi nepotism.
The assessment insurance men of San Fran
cisco Ere much opoosed to some insurance
bills before the Assembly.
Clissie B, Sir William, Ostler Joe, Schiller,
Hello, Doub'e Quick- and imp. Sain were the
winners at Ingleside yesterday.
The Odd Fellows may hold their seventy- j
eighth anniversary celebration in conjunction |
with the Golden Gate Carnival.
Mrs. Emma Petty drank carbolic acid la£.
night ut the corner of Fourth and Howard
Streets. She will probably die.
Byron Waters' petition for A'torney Cassius i
M. Jennings' disbnrment will be heard in
Judge ceawell's court next Friday.
The funeral of Premiss Selby will be held j
from the residence in Oakland at 12 o'clock to
day. The interment will be private.
Mrs. Maria Sprinziiik was shot to death by
an unknown man in her home, rear of 918
Montgomery street, last evening.
Mrs. Louise Helbing has sued the Spring !
Valley 'Water Company for .«2360. because the
water supply to her house was shut off.
One hundred men under Captain Wlttman
were stationed in Chinatown yesterday to t>re
serve peace during the New Year festival.
Wing Sing and Chin Poy were formally
charged yesterday with the murder of Little
Pete, the police "believing that they were the
men.
The United States Weather Bureau reports
that the indications point to more rain to-day.
Storm signals hare been raised all along the
coast.
The Board of Education gave the school
janitors a iively shaking ud yesterday after a
caucus of the Democratic members oi the
board.
James T. Boyd has sued the City and County
of San Franoisco for money demanded as
tiixtv- amounting to $129 and to quiet title to
certain real estate.
James Hair, the resigning manager of the
Pacific Transfer Company, was presented wit.'i
a handsome wuteh and chain by his iellow
employes yesterday.
Associate Justice Garoutte of the Supreme
Court is expected back from Japan February
4. He has made a dying trip in an endearor
10 restore his health.
The Hall Association of the Xative Sons of
the Goiden West will hold an entertainment
:n us new hall on February 11 to celebrate
the opening of the hall.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion yesterday discussed several measures now
. before the Legislature. The boiler-inspection
bill was strongly condemned.
The Wilson Furniture Company has been
incorporated by John Wilson, Andrew Wilson,
Geoigo Wilson, Charles Kiein and R. E. Rag
land with capital stock fixed at $5,000.
Police Commissioner M. A. Gunst is anxi
ously awaiting a favorable action of the Legis
lature through which he hopes indirectly to
be allowed a four months' trip :o Europe.
The Hindoo relief committee will actively
begin the work of collecting to-morrow. The
City clergy are expected to deliver sermons
on the subject on Saturday and Sunday next.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
reaffirmed Judge Morrow's decision in the
Aragon case. It holds that saiiors who tail to
tail after agreeing to Jo bo may be inipris
Isaac Raphael, Elkan >iaumburg and others
have been sued by the HU'ernia Savings and
Loan Society for $13,000 with interest from
Februnry 24. 1892, ami for $1200 with interest
from November 25, 1892.
NEW TO-DAY.
STOCK-TAKING SALE.
Cloaks, Furs and Dresses.
Have just finished taking stock, and find too many Cloaks on
hand, and we will sell them at bargain prices to
clean out quickly. Note a few of the
good things we offer.
ALL-WOOL BLACK CLOTH
l APE, beaded and fur
■ trimmed, 24 Inches deep. 120- d1»095
WOOL Ai\D SILK PLAID inch sweep, alO Cape for $3
WAISTS, velvet co. Jars, all QQ.25 " '" w
lined and boned, all g:zes t|pO— — — —
TAFFETA STLjTTvA^, ©0.50 T^4. C £™ d^f ' &2 *9 95
. with linen collars, all sizes. . . $)O Bweep , a $10 Cape for ....... $3—
ALL-WOOL CLOTH JACKETS, . 
tan or black, hljh collar, new $3' 75 BALTIC SEA L FUR oil t »t»
sleeves ana best styles &d_ KTPES, fine satin lm.-d, a <n> 478
good 12 60 Fur Collarette for 4— -
TAN JACKETS, all wool, newest — .
style sleeve, lsr and but- Q^.95 -
ions, a $7 60 Jacket for «£1 ELEGANT FRnCADEDAM-
MASSE SILK SKIRT, all
TAX KERSEY JACKETS, light lined and velvet bound, a CO* 1 O %n
shade, cloth strap In front, $22 50 Skirt for -J I £
lice buttops. the latest style i
every way, »11 sizes, a $i - d£7.50
Jacketfor... «s>' ALL OUR FINE IMPORTED
' ■ VELOURDUXOKDC.APES. C .0r 50
SILK-LINED KKRSKY JACK- «> e:<aut embroldeied or Jet I ___
ET^, tans, greens, blacks, ele- trimmed, finest silk : lining. TO
gant dregs garments, the best CaDes worth from $45 to $.Ju <H»0O50
style or thl« season, a $26 <B»1'> 50 now «jpZZ^
Jacket, all sizes, for <Jp 1 A
ELEGANT BOUCLE OR KER STYLISH TAILOR- MADE Q>T O Oft
SKY CLOTH JACKKT-i, DRESSES, ready 10 wear. In $ J O— _
silk lined and far trimmed, newest effects & best st.ies. T-i
Imported styles, no two alike, Q»-\ O.SO Dre.ises worth from $30 to <fT>or: no
all sizes, afineSSOJaciceifor «JP±U $40 now tJpZO
I/El I V 0 I IE DEO' Cloak and Suit House,
EVILL I Gl LSEPtd 120 Kearny St.
SHAKING UP THE
SCHOOL JANITORS.
Democratic School Directors
Caucused and Then
Voted.
Waller's Proposition to Drop
Special Teachers Did Not
Go Through.
Superintendent Babcock Thinks the
Grand Jury Guilty of Unwar
ranted Meddling.
The various resolutions submitted by
School Director Waller for the considera
tion of the Board of Education, having
for their purpose the dropping of special
teachers and an at>portionmont of the
funds of the department among the com
mittees of the board on his plan, did not
go yesterday afternoon. Mr. Waller
made a little speech in which he said that
the special teachers whom he proposed to
drop were doing pood work, but that they
ought to be dispensed with and the posi
tions abolished in the interest of economy.
The board listened and voted to refer all
his recommendations concerning the dis
missal of special teachers to the Classifica
tion Committee, which puts the matter
over. The special teachers whom Mr.
Waller wanted to dL-roiss are the teachers
of drawing, cooking, singng, manual
training, history with the stereopticon,
free-hand drawing in the Polytechnic
lii^h, Spanish :n the Polytechnic High
and Lincoln High and physical culture.
The sense of tha board was ascertained
through the proposition to declare the po
sition occupied by Mis-* K. M. Ball,
teacher of drawing, vacant. Miss Ball
draws $150 per month. When the board
voted to refer tne other propositions took
the same course.
The messenger of the board, Frank W.
Yale, was superseded by William Tobin,
the appointment of the latter to lake ef
fect February 1. Mr. Yale, who was very
i ighly complimented by Superintendent
BaDcock for long and efficient service,
will continue two weeks to instruct his
successor.
Before the board eot to work the mem
bers met as a committee of the whole.
Then the Democratic members caucused.
This took up something over an hour.
When the caucus was over the janitor pro
gramme was well made np and it went
through with some speed. The following
appointments were made first:
M. Hines, Cooper Primary, vice Mrs. K. A.
Hunter; J. Cavauaugb, Humboldt Primary,
vice James Crote; T. Barry, Hearst Grammar,
v:ce M. Ciaiia^iier; J. Gunaberger, half Poly
technic High, vice Mrs. Moore; H. tiauer, as
| sistant Hamilton Grammar, vice Mrs. B. Rose;
J. Kearney, half Franklin Grammar, vice J.
Smith; A* Asher, Longfellow Primary, vice
' Mrs ML Clyne.
The following transfers of janitors were
| also made:
Mrs. L. A. Hunter, Pacific Heights Grammar,
vice Mrs. M. A. BftXter; J. Croke, Goluen Gate
Primary, viceM:s. J. Folej ; Mrs. ML Ga.lagher,
i Fremont Primary, vice Mrs. Moore; Mrs. A.
Moore, Hunters Point, vies E. S. Dierk? ; Mrs.
I M. J. Keliy, John Swell Grammar, vice W. G.
Courtis; Mrs. Craig, Laguna Hunda. vice Mrs.
! W. Theobald; Mrs. 11. C. Capwell, James Lick
i Grammar, vice Mrs. M. Berstead; Mrs. Flynn,
Girls' Hieh Scnool, vice Mrs. F. LetU; Mrs. M.
Letts, Wiufield Scott Primary, vice Mrs. A.
Kennedy; Mrs. 11. Mourm, Columbia Gram
mar, vice Mrs. McCarthy ; Mrs. J. Kay, assistant
Columbia Grammar; Mrs. E. Burns, Harrison
Primary, vice Mrs. L. Cooper; Mr>. L. Cooper,
Normal School, vice Mrs. H. Hartwlgsen;
Mr~. 11. Hartwlgsen, Stanford Primary, vice
Mrs. J. Murphy; Mrs. Bums, Buena Vista Pri
mary, vice Mrs. M. Wills; Mrs. Lawton,
Crocker Orammar. vice Mrs. H. A. McAllister;
Mr- McCarthy. Irving Primary, vice Miss B.
jMcMahon; Mrs. \V. Hughes. Irving Scott Pri
mary, rice Mrs. 11. Langley; Miss J. South,
Denman Grammar, vice Mrs. M. Lavelle; Mrs.
F. Naughlon, Hawthorne Primary, vice Mrs.
'M.T.Keily; Mrs. McCullough, Douglass Pri-
I mary, vice Mrs. Breen; Mrs. M. A. Usehold,
Moulder Primary, vice Mrs. M. C. Crane; Mrs.
W. E. Code, Sherman Primary, vice Mrs. J.
Keliy; Mrs. Hoffman, Madison Primary, vice
Mrs. M. iJonahy; Mrs. Holland, Rincon Gram
mar, yiee Mrs. H. Heaphy; Mrs. Kiley, Bernal
place, vice Mrs. J. M. Murphy.
Miss Rosalie Lichienberg of the Emer
son School was granted leave of absence
for one year from February 3.
On motion of Direcior Ragan, a com
mittee of three on legislation was ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
ANOTHER EXAMINER "CREELMAN."
And still these "Creelmans" continue. For two days the Examiner has been printing under lurid
headlines a story of how Dr. Williamson had been offered a big bribe from a mysterious man on condition
that the Board of Health compel the Chinatown property-owners to fumigate their premises with a certain
disinfectant.
The story was played up as red-hot news stuff for two days. On Friday morning the first install
ment was dished up in a narrative of the circumstances attending the offering of the bribe. Yesterday
morning came a sequel narrative that the Grand Jury was about to ask Dr. Williamson to appear before it
and tell of the crime.
In this instance the bribery story, which is palmed off on the readers of the paper as fresh news, is
as musty as many of the other fakes that mark the management of the paper. It is so ancient that Dr.
Williamson can hardly now, after trying two days, recall the incidents. It happened almost two years ago,
a few days after Dr. Williamson's appointment to the Board of Health by Governor Budd and was printed
at that time in the newspapers for what it was worth.
Now it comes up in a new dress and is palmed off as fresh news and hung out with a flare to startle
the Grand Jury.
"The story is so ancient," said Dr. Williamson, yesterday, "that I remember very little of it.
Shortly after my appointment by the Governor 1 believe some fellow called on me one day and talked
about paying me $600 a month or something, if the Board of Health would recommend a certain disinfectant
for Chinatown. I never gave the affair a second thought, and have heard nothing of it from that day to
this."
The story was printed long ago by the Examiner itself, and is probably revamped at this late day
for the purpose of enabling some impecunious space-writer to square accounts with his landlady. Copies of
the Examiner with the word " exclusive " written in bold blue letters over the reborn bribery story are
doubtless now on their way to Mr. Hearst. He, when the papers arrive, will forget his bitter rivalry with
the Police Gazette long enough to give the tribute of a smile — that witching smile — to the genius and
enterprise of the only Long Green.
pointed, consisting of Directors Bagan,
Waller and Drucker.
Superintendent Babcock criticized the
Grand Jury. He said that what the Grand
Jury has to do with the policy of the
Board of Education is a conundrum. He
particularly scored the Grand Jury for the
recommendation concerning the teachers
in the department who live in Alameda
County.
ADDITIONAL LIGHTS.
Frecita Valley and Mission-Street Im
provements Are Up to
Date.
The public-spirited storekeepers and
residents of the Mission and Precita Val
ley are pushing their sections to the front
on the improvement lines with commend
able energy.
Mission street, from Twentieth to
Twenty-second, has added electric lights
to those two blocks, which were bril
liantly illuminated last night for the first
time.
It was originally intended to celebrate
the event last night, but the threaten
ing condition of the weather interfered
with the piano and the demonstration will
take place some night next week, probably
Thursday evening. The celebration com
mittee consists of O. Waibel, R. P. Kava
naugh, H. £. Snook and S. Lippman.
Those gentlemen met with every en
couragement from the residents on the
blocks mentioned, and it is predicted that
the gap between Sixteenth and Twen
tieth will be spanned ere long with the
white current, which will give one contin
uous stream of light along that portion of
the street.
In the meantime the people down in the
Precita Valley have not been idle in bring
ing their section to the front.
At a meeting of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club on Friday nieht, at Gra
ham Hall, on Alabama and Twenty-sev
enth streets, the executive committee re
ported that the petitions of tne club to
lay sewers on Bryant street, from Twenty
sixth to Army, and on Precita avenue,
from Alabama street to the junction of
Army and York, had been granted by the
Board of Supervisors.
A petition was forwarded to the Board
of Supervisors, requesting that no exten
sion of time be granted to the contractors
who have been awarded the contract for
grading Precita avenue. The contract
was awarded three weeks ago, and since
that time no work has been done. The
contractors are relying upon two ways out
of their dilemma, one being the chance of
subletting the contract and the other to
obtain further time from the Supervisor?.
The residents and property-owners hi the
; valley want the work done, and that
quickly, as the condition of the valley re
quires immediate attention to get the
streets into condition preparatory to im
proving Bernal Park.
ME. GUNST IS HOPEFUL.
Expect* That the J,e|ri»lat lire Will Yet
Consent to Kis Prolonged Absence.
Police Commissioner M. A. Gunst is
casting longing eyes toward the giddy
capitals and the soothing springs of
Europe, and some day be hopes to be joy
i ously pacing the quarter deck of a trans*
j Atlantic liner and seeing, through the blue
wreaths of his cigar smoke, the justly cel
ebrated charms of the Old World.
Time was when the Commissioner could
! see a panorama of European delights in
bis cigar smoKe, even as he paced the
ultra- American thoroughfares of this City.
i But that was many months ago, when the
hopes of a trip across tbe pond were new.
Of late all be Uas been able to discern in
the blue vapor of his Havana was an in
! flexible provision of the State law, which
j reads something like this: "No member
! of such commission must absent himself
I from the State more tlian sixty days, un
le-s upon business of the State, etc."
A bill was introduced by Senator Boyce
; to get an extension of sixty clays, and this
was referred to the Senate Committee oh
Elections, and Friday that committee was
I unkind enough to reject it by a vote lack
ing one of unanimity.
Commissioner Gunst is in no wise dis
couraged by this circumstance. ''The bill
was rejected, why?" he asked. "Simply
because it was not referred to the right
committee. Besides, tne man who intro
duced it was ill and could not be there to
explain it. it is a perfectly just measure.
It Is designed for cases of sickness. There
is Justice Garoutte, who is in Honolulu
now. He cannot return within the re
quired sixty days, it is said. The late
Lieutenant-Governor was brought back to
the State while at the point of death to
escape this enactment. Many other States
j have provided for a like contingency.
"In my own case, 1 would have gone to
Europe, as advised by my physicians,
several months ago but for this law. I
expect to go in April now, for I am confi
dent this bill will pass. I hope to be gone
lour or rive months."
VOLUNTEER FIREMEN.
The Veteran Fighters Held Their An
ihirl Banquet at the Lick House-
Tfae annual banquet of tbe Veteran Vol
unteer Firemen's Association of Califor
nia took place last night in the dining
room of the Lick House. About 100 per
sons were present, among them bsing
some of the best Known of fire-fighters.
The banquet-room was handsomely decor
ated; there was good music and consider
able speech-making, nearly all the speeches
dealing with reminisences of the early
times in battling with conflagrations.
Among the many prominent persons
present were:
Joseph 11. Marshall, president; Stephen
Bruuner, first vice-president ; George Carlisle,
second vice-president; James Hayden, third
vice-president; James Pennycuck, recording
secretary; Gus Pohlmann, financial secretary;
William Kalirenkrug, treasurer; Colonel A.
Andrews, John Satchweil, John Foley, Henry
Kohn, John McGreery, board of directors;
Fred H. Will. L. Beleneer, R. Harrold, trustees;
James C. Carroll, serjeant-at-arms.
The menu was elaborate, and the ban
quet lasted for several boars.
MRS. EDGERTON
MAKES HER DEBUT
She Wins Success as Queen
Elizabeth at the
Baldwin.
Modjeska Is Herself Again as
the Unfortunate Marie
Stuart.
A Notable Performance in Which
Consistent Playing Won Gan»
eral Applause.
Mrs. Frances Edgerton is so well known
and has so many friends in this City that
there was standing room only at the Bald
win last night for those who had not taken
MRS. FRANCES EDGERTON.
time by the forelock in securing tickets
for her professional debut with the Mod
jeska company in "Marie Stuart."
The performance was a notable one in
many respects. Modjesks, whose radiance
was dimmed in the part of Magda, showed
almost her old-time power to thrill her
hearers in the role of the unfortunate
Queen of Scots. Haworth and Louergan
were both on their mettle and did bril
liant work, and Mrs. Frances Edgerton,
in the role of Queen Elizabeth, won sev
eral curtain, calls and the unstinted ap
plause of friends and strangers alike.
The wily Queen Elizabeth is a difficult
and ambitious part for a debutante to
essay, but Mrs. Edgerton's success proved
that she had formed no exaggerated esti
mate of her powers in undertaking it.
Although last night was her debut as an
actress, she ha? ha. l plenty of experience
in reciting in public; indeed, she has
been for some years one gof the best
known elocutionists in the City.
The ease with which she fell into an
• KEW TO -DAT.
Money back i;
you don't like
Schilling Best.
Tea and money
at your grocer
A Schilling & Co San Francisco
KM
acting role proved that there can be
brilliant exceptions to the rule, so often
laid down Dy actors, that elocution is not
the best stepping-stone to the stage. Mrs.
Edgerton was as much at home on the
ata^e as one to the manner born, and her
fine voice and perfect enunciation did her
excellent service. If she felt any tremors
of nervousness she betrayed none.
In her make-un the debutante had evi
dently followed the famous Holbein paint
ing of Queen Elizabeth, though her face
is rounder and prettier than the deter
mined countenance that the Flemish
artist grave to England's Virgin Queen.
Mrs. Edgerton has an imposing stage
presence and in the matter of dress she
was fully as magnificent as history re
cords her prototype to have been.
"When the curtain went up on the audi
ence chamber of Queen Elizabeth that
monarch was discovered on her throne in
a dazzling costume of yellow and white
satin, with a jeweled stomacher and a
court train of sapphire-colored velvet
lined with ermine and embroidered with
the lilies of France.
The scenes for which Mrs. Edgerton was
especially applauded were her meeting
with Mary in the park at Folheringay and
the scene where she signed her cousin's
death warrant. In the park she assumed
the studiously insulting and haughty
demeanor of Elizabeth very cleverly and
never showed by a tremor that she was a
novice.
In the scene where Leicester and Bur
leigh unre Elizabeth to sign Mary's death
warrant Mrs. Edgerton was strongest, in
deed she gave an admirable portrayal of
the woman in Elizabeth struggling for
supremacy with the Queen in her; she
toyed with her love for Leicester, refusine
to believe h m guilty though she knew
him to be so, and she toyed with her de
sire for revenge on Mary in so clever
and Elizabethan a way that Mrs. Edger
ton more than deserved the hearty ap
plause she received.
A little experience will soon teach the
debutante a few tricks of the actor's trade
in which she was lacking, as. for instance,
a greater sweep of gesture; but trick* such
as these are a mere matter of practice and
experience. Mrs. Edgerton's debnt was a
brilliant one, worthy of the brilliant aus
pices under which it was made.
Modjeska was herself again as Mary
Stuart. She entered with her old-time
feeling into the dignity and pathos of the
part. Her voice was stronger than it has
been this season. Her interpretation of
Mary is well known, and it is card to be
lieve that she was ever more appealingly
pathetic and queen-like witlial than she
was last nigtit in the park aX Fotheringay
scene.
Her farewell in the prison also brought
tears to the eyes of some of her admirers,
and they were not, as on Monday nigbt,
tears that Modjeska was no longer herself,
but were spontaneous tributes to her art.
Haworth, as Sir Edward Mortimer, lived
and died in a noble, manly way, and
Lonergan made a brave appearance as tne
wily Leicester, and won tbe admiration
of the audience as a most accomplished
tra.tor. The rest of the cast was fairly
satisfactory, though there was nothing to
call for special comment.
It gives as pleasure to call ourrtaders' attention
to the value of Brown's Broncbial Troches as a
rem«dy for throat jiff ctiona. Thefactthatthe.se
troches hnv? been manufactured and sold for over
fifty years Is an evidence of their real merit.
While it Is true that Nature does not endow every
one with a sweet. well-modulated voice, yet there
is no voice so discordant but that by care and
training it may be rendered pleasant, if not sweet
and musical. The greatest artist coold not hope
to entrance us with his music if his instrument
were out of tuue; and so the larynx must be kept
in tune, or it will not send forth pure, sweet tones.
Singer* speakers— ln fact all persons wh<> make
an abnormal demand on the vocal chords, will rind
Brown's Bronchial Troches soothing, strengthen
ing and healing, quickly relieving hoarseness and
sore tiuoau
NEW TO-DAT.
"I don't believe there ever was so ' [• DSII • C^\(\"^\%£\& v
STOod a pill made as Ayer's Cathartic , l\ \ \ylOXilwS»
Pills. They will do all you recom- ' , \ y■ '
mend them- for and even more. : '" - •'- • ' * * '"^fc^^^' ''"•*■'•
• When I have a cold and ache from : i
liead to heels, a dose or two of these ! > The good pill has a good
pills is all the medicine needed to ' ' COat. The pill COat Serves
set me right again. For headache,* , tWO purposes ;. it protects
*>-**"**w*wywvwv'rv'mwwv* tbe pill, and disguises it to
the sensitive palate. Some coats are too heavy ; they
won't dissolve, and the pills they cover pass through
the system, harmless as a bread pellet. Other coats
are too light, \ and permit the speedy deterioration of
the pill. After 30 years exposure, Ayer's Sugar Coated
Pills have: been found as effective as if just fresh from
the laboratory. *' : It's a good pill, with a good coat-
Ask your druggist for
Ayer's Cathartic Pills.
. # This testimonial will be found in full in Ayer's "Cniebook," with a
hundred others. Free. Address: J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. - .
TO DEVELOP
IRIS COUNTY
A Boulevard Projected
From Sausalito to
San Rafael.
It May Also Run to Tiburon if
the Conditions of the Bond-
Issue Allow.
A Large Number of Improvement
Clubs in the County Are Inter
ested in the Project
There is a project on foot in -Marin
county wnereby the promoters ttope to
derive lasting benefit. Briefly Vat*d it is
a boulevard to run from Sausalito up the
coast to San Anselmo, thence to San
Rafael and by branch lines to San Quen
tin, trending southward by Reeds to
Tiburon.
The project is considered by many im
provement clubs in the county as likely
to prove of immense benefit, and a bill is
now pending before the Legislature calcu
lated to promote its consummation. The
Northern California Division of the League
of American Wheelmen ia sail to strongly
favor the project.
Among those who have indorsed the
enterprise are: Marin Development Asso
ciation; Ambrose Harris, president Lark
spur Club; B. Allen Brown, secretary
Larkspur Club; E. Steele, Mill Valley
Club; W, A. Boole Jr., Ross Station
Club; C. A. Harmon, Larkspur Club;
Hepburn Wilkins, San Rafael Club;
Edgar C. Chapman, Larkspur Club; S.
Sylva, Corte Madcra Club; Commo
dore C. Harrison, Sausalito Club; Judge
Thomas H. Fottrell, Mill Valley Club.
Ambrose Harris, president, and Morris
Schwartz, secretary of the Marin Develop
ment Association, were talking yesterday
about the proposed idea and the best
means for bringing it to a successful con
clusion.
Speaking of the plan and its develop
ment Mr. Harris said:
The Sausalito-San Rafael boulevard move
ment inaugurated by the Marin Improvement
Association seems destined to extend into a
chain of roads reaching to all parts of the
county. The association has been at wort de
veloping ieassble plans to follow out in the
rjood roads movement, and from information
given out by the executive committee after
consultation with a number of leading people
and carefully working upon the proposition it
is thought that the best plan to take up is one
contemplating a road system beginning at
Sausalito and Tiburon, running thence to Han
Rafael, and from there branching out to Bo
linas, Tomales and Novato.
The reasons that argue for this are several.
In the first place any improvement of consid
erable dimensions in one part of the county
must have an important Influence on all other
pins by reason of their interdependence,
Furthermore, a plan like this being complete
in establishing the main arteries of a road
system for the whole county is entitled to bo
considered us much more valuable than a de
tached and fragmentary proposition.
A further consideration, and a consideration
of great importance, is the fact that the money
for road purposes must be raised, if the plan
which has met with the greatest approval be
followed, by the whole county. The com
promise plan, to consider only the first portion
of tne system, the remaining portion to be
provided for at a later date, will meet and has
met with opposition which is not wise, and
which, it is not necessary, to create.
A plan which provided for an equitable and
full consideration of all pans of the county
obviates this objection ana should receive the
support oi all sections without dissent.
From preliminary estimates made by the
engineer of the California Development Asso
ciation, it is considered chat the sum of
$100,000 will be sufficient to construct a wide
ana substantial roadway from Sausalito to San
Rafael and at the same time cover the cost
which will be necessary to put the other roads
in good condition, and It is believed that an
equitable disposition of the funds will accom
plish tnis purpose and will build the various
lines indicated in a thorough aud substantial
manner.
Mr. Schwartz added :
The next question is raising the neces-
r '"*'-'-^sL-^l_^'"" ; \. - \
N^^_p^w^ , * I t^<^»^*' , ''f ■•"•"■ ■•* j
"***h. \rif;s*^-" n *** i c i - fa
---niweY ""SvV**'^ 8 '
'-^♦X nMu-At ;
Plan Showing the Proposed Bou-
levard Between Sausaiito, San
Rafael and Tiburon as In-
dorsed by Many County • Im-
provement Gubs and the
Northern Division of the
League of American Wheel- -
men*
sary money. The plan which seems the
most feasible and the one which Is : the most
favored is a bond issue. This will enable the
early completion of the whole work and in a
manner that will make a very small tax ample
to cover the expense ; of the work. A bond
issue of the required sum would call for an in-
terest and sinking fund charge of five, to six
thousand dollars a year, covering interest on
a ame and a sinking fund sufficient to mature in
thirty or thirty-five years. The assessed value
of property in the County amounts to twelve
and a half millions, so a levy of 4 to 5 cents on
the $100 will fully cover the issue. Consider
ing the importance anrt the far-renchin'g bene
fits of the pinn outlined this would bo a very
small sura. It has been suggested that it could
be saved out of the present road fund, by
reason of the factihat new construction would
be provided for by the plan for some time.
Aside from this, however, it is quite clear that
ihe increase in population and values from
its successful completion will result in >i short
time in increasing the rpvenues of the County
by a sum more than sufficient to cover the few
thousand dollars a yenr which it necessitates.
Fate of the Wortbington Babe.
The Worthington infant, whose mother re
cently went to San Quenlin, has been jriven
Into the custody of tbefatlierof Sheriff Who
lan. The bnby, whose namp Is Elleu Worth
ington, has never breathed free air until yes
terday.
There are more than ninety-nine differ
ent companies in London..
JjrEVr TQ.DAT.'
SPECIAL
FOR
This Week
c r 1 !o c t e u!™. s ::. B "". I " bel :.2flc
PRFQCDUCQ Curtice Bros.. Rasp-
rnLOLnif LO— berry and Strawbery, 1Q 0
per jar .< lUb
WHIS Ky-^7^;^ 3 ! 1 . .°. r . 5:.94 cs :.94c
TOMATOES— ted : 3 "! b .?!" 3 . Sc
TOBACCO-™ . Q . v ! c . :.. p . c ... pks ;.v; 5c
JELLIES-e^s'^T. Pack : 2 ; lb 10c
QJjlJpOSnider's Vegetable, 3-lbcans IQp
CDOQ Fancy Ranch, large selected., .in.
BOTTEB-a c oS 8q ! a . re9 :..T?: y .35c
WHISKY-^^^l^.^.BSo
HAMS— Sugar-cured, per lb. yip
UJlUOPicnics, Sugar-cured, per ib. El-
! OYSTEBS-pe7ca^..?.Z.?^!:..7c
BUTTER- SqTiare3 or .™ ns v :::::: : 23c
SLICED PEAC a °n r craam : per 8c
MONTHLY CATALOGUE SENT FREE
EVEBYWHEIii;.
WMCLINE
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Filth and Sixth, San Francisco.
Telephone South SO-
[A Brilliant 1
{ Record.
]! THE RECORD NOW BEING
/ -L made by Doctor Cook has no
I i parallel in the story of San Fran-
( i cisco medicine and surgery. He Das
] accomplished greater good, relieved
i more suffering, gladdened more
'I hearts and made happy more homes '
]i within the past few months than
, 1 other physicians have been able to do
i i in years. He makes no pretensions to
| perform impossibilities, but some of
1 1 his cures do seem but little less, than
i| miraculous. Many of his most bril-
', liant triumphs are in chronic, long
I lingering cases which other physi-
< cians have pronounced hopeless.
I Always in touch with the progress I
I 1 of his profession, Doctor Cook has ( »
i' --»«—>*_. every aDpli- ('
\ /<^£§?§£^. ance, apparatus /
i JftsMiifir'~^\ and instrumenc
M^MMr \ essential to the
i 1 ifffi'^M \ niost modern
" »^^i [ jjfijt .J cures Female ji
1 osmu!r£l hood imd Men's
'' Jl^s*^&Jsr Secret Ailments
i 1 (DOCIORCOOK). matism, Blood
, 1 and Skin Di?- ■
i eases, and Diseases of the Eye, Ear,
i| Brain, Nose, Throat, Heart, Lungs,
1 Liver, Stomacb, Kidneys, and other (
I Internal Organs. /
', Doctor Cook's mail treatment is very i
'i large and highly successlul. To every i
i one describing their troubles ne i
[' sends, free of charge, his new and '
/ valuable book on Men's Diseases. He (
i ' ia in his office daily from 9t012 a. m. '
i 1 and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. M., except
i 1 Sundays, when he may be consulted '
V from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address '
I DOCTOR COOK,
!' 865 Market St., San Francisco, Ca,
I r i
78
THE TARPEY STAKE
WON By SCHILLER
Barney Schreiber's Colt
Headed His Field Out
With Ease.
The Favorite, St Lee, Finished
Third Behind Sweet
Faverdale.
Clissie B Sauntered In at Odds of 30 to 1
Sir Wiliiam a Clevsr Youngster.
Hello First at ro to 1.
It was a real old-time rainstorm that
race-goers braved to see the sport at Ingle
side track yesterday. It has been said
that nothing short of death or the "price"
will keep an enthusiast at the game in
doors, and a glance at the crowd proved
that the originator of the saying was wise
in every sense of the word. The regulars
were all there with umbrellas, mackin
toshes, bright hopes and considerable
loose change, which they were relieved of
later on.
It threatened rain before the first race,
and before the afternoon had grown old
the liquid visitation from the skies nearly
obscured a view of the horses running in
the different events. The hand of late
marked the favorite for defeat, and with
the exception of Ostler Joe, which at that
was not a teeming hot one, one after an
other went to the slaughter- pen.
In one or two instances their downfall
smacked oi the unreal, but mud accom
plishes wonders in distorting form into all
sorts of fantastic shapes.
The track, which at first was inclined to
be dry and cuppy. was soon transformed
into a sea of "mud and the web-footed
horses had it all their own way.
The Tarpey selling stake, over a mile
and a furlong, with a gross valie of $1300,
was in a measure responsinle for the heavy
attendance. The field simmered down to
Argentina 97. Semper L x 106, Schiller 98,
Key del Bandidos9B, Sweet Faverdale 97,
St. Lee 100. Gallant 100 and Foremost 100
pounds. It had a most open look, and the
ring laid good odds against each of the
eight starters. At post time St. Lee at
twos ruled first choice, with Sweet Faver
dale, Schiller and Semper Lex fancied in
the order named.
At ihe post Argentina and St. Lee were
inclined to cut up a few pranks. Trie
bunch was finally dispatched to a nice
start. After passing the stand Gallant
went out and, followed by Sweet Faver
dale, made ihe running until nearin^ the
benii for tbe wire, at which stage Slaugh
ter, astride Schiller, made his move, and
as the li^ld became pointed for home Bar
ney Schreiber's colors loomed up in front,
from mat on the result was never in
doubt, Schiller holding his company safe
ana romping in three lengths before
tweet Faverdale, with St. Lee in the
show. The winner's time was 1:5834.
The upsets began in the firs:, race run.
a s-ix-furlong selling affair, wuen Clissie B
strolled leisurely in at the comfortable
odds of 30 to 1, though at post time 12 was
the best obtainable. The mare came on
from sixth place and beat Roy Carruthers,
which had made the running, a length.
The favorite. Lady Looram, was sixth.
And now Queen Blazes is no longer a
wonder; neither is Tne Cheat. .Both were
expected to accomplish wonders in the
three and a half furlong spin for two-year
olds, and failed signally. The winner
turued up in Sir William, a nicely turned
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Saturday, January 30. Forty
fifth day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather Ruining. 1 rack Huddy.
I).
s /_
?_*
11
2 3
SJA
10 Vi
7 Vs
9Vs
114
3 h
4Vi
1!*
12
Fin. i
1 1
2 4
34
'. 4 1
51
6 2
72
8
9
10
11
I 12
I licttin.'.
Op. CI.
! Horse, a*je, weight.
Bt.
■Vi
459 ;
406 I
461 i
465 I
338
426 I
410
Clissle B, 4. 97! 6
KoyCarruthers,3. 87 1
Banjo, a 99 2
|Bramelta,4 95Vi 4
' Fullerton Lass, 6.107 1 9
Lady Looram, 3.. 87 7
Hazel D, 4 96% ll
Mosier, 4 96 8
Mine Rice, 4 VH 6
Jim Blackburn, 3. 99 3
Covozza, 3 79 10
Ruthledge, 4...100V2 12
'
51 !
11 !
2 IVi
tiVa
11 4
i3i %
101
8%
3Va
__*
41
11
2 3
§_*
6 2
9y_
10 1
3 Va
ll*
12
Barrlnger j
Keidy _...
Spencer I
Slaughter
Snider
Thompson
Jones
Sml;h
Clawson
H. Brown
Keefe
McDonald
10
8
12
4
15
6
7-2
30
3
6
20
3 .J
15
12
16
8
10
6-2
6
60
6
5
75
60
!
461 j
430
"'465' j
i
Fair start. Won ceverly. Winner, H. T. Griffin's eh. I, by Audrian-Uertrude. Time, 1:18 V-
i SECOND RA'
purse *400.
Index.
468 sir William 112
(428) The Cheat 115
] Aluminum 109
411 Bodacla... : 104
446 ; fount of Handera. 106
446 Morel 112
George Lee ...112
(299) Queen Blazes 11-
-458 Flacon 110
446 Dukeof York 11. .116
-Melvin Burnliam.ll2
Horse, weight.
St. y A
3
2
4
8
5
10
1
7
9
1? 7777'
11
l
i
777..
2 I
1 h
4-Vi
61
61
7 1"
3 5
8%
92
10 5
11
1 h
2 8
31
41
6 1
66
72
810
* 94
10 10
11
Freeman.
T. McHugh.....
Slaughter
Spencer
Hennessey.
snider
H. Martin
E. J0ne5........
F. Russell...*...
J. Narvaez
C. Sloan
6
4
8
6
«
20
8
9
6
4
12
15
26
6
8
60
12
13-5
20
8
60
1
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Barron <fc Newton's eh. c, by Fltzjames-Ysabel. Time, :44 14.
city THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap: purse $500.
460
.-. 1 1
(455)
448 i
3«1
(431)
426 I
ostler Joe, 4. 105
Wawona. 6 87
Morte Fonse, 5... 105
Cabrlllo, a 104
Thornhill, 6 100
! Salisbury _____ 4. ..104
I Peril, a. 85
Horse, age, weight, j
- 2
4
6
3
0
1
. 7
31
2h
5 Vj
45
7
1 1
6 3
______ % _______
33 14 13
2h2 2 2 1
63 66 41
41 3% 3%
7 6 6
\y_ 41 a%
62 7 7
iy«
2 6
33
4 10
5 2
6 20
7
H. Martin
Thompson
1. Sloau
Hiau.hter
Spjncer
Jones
I Clawson I
M
4
6
16
8-5
I 15
11-5
12
4
10
30
11-5
15
• 1.
Poor start. Won ariviug. Winner, W. v. Randall's blk. c, by
ime. 1:461/4.
4ijO FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; Tarpey stakes; purse $1300.
Judex.
ndex. Horse, age, weight St. Std. Vi Vi % * T - Fin. Jockey.
453 Schiller. 4 98 1162 Shi Is 2 2h lih 13 Slaughter
-'84 -weet Faverdale. 97 3 11 2 I*4 2 1 31 3124 E.Jones.
436 Ist. Lee. 4 100 53Vi* 5 Vi |4h 4Vi 55 3h- H. Marti v
(46U), Argentina, 4 97 64% 4 3h 64 42 4h 5pencer............
442 Gallant, 6.. 100 7 21 1 lVa 1 2 12*^i21 53 Thompson
452 I Semper Lex. 6.... 103 473 710 i 715 715 62 610 T.Sloan
455 Foremost, 5 100 8 6% 6 6 6 3 6 2 .7 15 720 Clawson :.
(407) Beydlßandldos.4 98 2 8 8 8 8 8 8 H.Brown
I Betting.
Op. ci.
6
2
8
30
4
15
9-2
3
9-6
12
20
6
*
30
-iood start. Won easily. Winner, B. Schreiber's br..c., by imp. St. George-Frauiein. Time,
1:681.4. "Coupled with Gallant. *
Al A FIFTH RACE— One ana a halt miles;
Index. j
j Horse, age, weight. I
St.
Str.
Jockey.
438* Hello, 6.. ........ .147
180-Montalvo, 6. .....167
455 :-i Fi, 5 148
442 Malo Diablo, 6. ..125;
438 Gold Dust, a .....145
438 j Hiymanet, a 145
4 510
. 1 4Vi
! 3 33
' 2 11
6 6
5 24
3h
4 2
2V_
1 1
510
lh I
4 10
'21
3 1
54
I" '
23
3 2
1 Vi
4 10
5 20
2 1 1 % I
8 2 2 IV,
IV_ 810 ;
48 . 4 10 |
515 520 I
6 66
I Peters.....
i Cochrane
I Cairns. ...
Porteus..
Wilkins
I Stanford..
6,
8-5 ■
5
15
5
8
8
3-2
7-2
I 10
15
6
Good start Won driving. Winner, J. Cassldy'g fc. g., by Sfld-Keveille. Time, 2:5734.
arr rr SIXTH RACE— Three-quarters of a mile; selling; purse *350.
(415)
443 I
'20 j
462 I
450 I
116
459
415
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. Vi
(416) Douhe Quick, 4.. 99 2
443 Mobalaska, 4 94 6
420 Major Cook, 5.... 99 3
462 Put Murphy, 5.... 9rf 4
450 Po.entate, S 108 1 "
116 Marjorie. 4.;...... 97 6
459 Jack Martin, 4... 96 7 .'.,.....
415 -Bicardo, 5 105 9
........ UarrvO.4 96 8
Vi ,
"TT
ti ll
42
3 1 ■
lh
7 1
81
9
6 h
%
1 h
6 3
41 :
3%
2 1,4,
8*
9
81*
i Str. - _ I
Fin. !
ll"
•2 'i
3h
4 2
. 5 10
• 6%
74
* 20
9 .
-■' Jockey. - '"•
Clawson ..„.-...
Slai filter
T. "-loan
H. Mariln
Thorpe
H. Brown.'. .
-tevens
siiepitrd.
Reidy...
I Betting.
[up. ci.
15
3
2
5
5
15
20
10
60
5
4
5
8
3
M
. 40
20
200
I
Goo J start. Won handily. Winner . Atkins <fe Loltrldge's eh. c., by Buckra-Wand. Time, 1:16%,
j *T/*» SEVENTH RACE-One mile; purse $360.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St. j
V*
Fin.
463 Imp Sain, 3...... 94,
434 J**-. Aignon, 4 .* 99
422 Monita, 5. . lot;
467 Dram-ill, 3. 94]
4 7 Favory. 5...; 107
29*1 Franc ',4 99
459 Jack Richelieu, a 107
451 Manchester, 5... 107
4*2 '.Mm Roth. 6... 102
3 !
t\
I 8
7
9
6
1
5
I 12
I 43
I vy_
I 6V«
7
8
62
.8%
.9.. ■
1 2
8%
2 Va
6 X
71
8
4 1
62
• ■
i::::::::
1 2
26
3 3
4 10
6 10
6l/ 3
7 .U
8 20
9
Jones
H. Martin ......
Thorpe
Claw .0u.... ....
spencer .......
McDouald......
Hennessey .....
Ku55e11 ....;....
Re1dy...........j
3
85
- 4
10
8
100 ,
15
15
20
4
. 1
4
25
20
2.0
.25
20
25
v
Won ridden out. Winner, L. Shan-r's blk.
• su
The Lark. .
colt, by Fitzjames. which came strong at
the finish and downed The Cheat half a
length, starting at the fancy odds of 15 to
1. The Cheat was post favorite.
H. Martin had the mount on Ostler Joe
in the mile handicap, and he appears to
be just a pound or so better than H.
Brown, ''"he black horse and Salisbury II
occupied the sent of honor in the betting,
each going to the post at - odds of 11 to 5.
Salisbury made the running for half the
distance, when Ostler Joe took up the cue
and in a drive at the end downed ■Wawona,
a 15 to 1 shot, and one of the lightweights
of the company, half a length in I:46}£.
Morte Fonse, with Sloan up, was a lair
thifd.
The telephone horse Hello was a right
warm one in the mile and a half hurdle
handicap. With "Stew" Peters in the sad
dle i.c sauntered over to the post an 8 to 1
chance in the betting, and in a rait!ins»
drive passed the judges a scant length
ahead of Montalvo, the 3 to 2 .avorite. rid
den dv George Cochrane. Fi Fi, piloted
by Bob Cairns, was a good third.
Major Cook don't seem 'to be of much
account the-e day?. With T. Sloan up he
opened in the ring a 2 to 1 favorite for the
six-furlong run tuat was sixth on the card,
but could do no nett r than end up in
third place, behind Double Quick and Mo
bnlaska. The winner. Double Quiet, with
Clawson up, was backed down by wise
coin from 15 to 5 to 1.
The final race of the day was over a
mile. St. Aienon was heavily backed to
win, his odds being forced down from 8 to
5' to even. Eddie Jones hustled iiuD. Sain,
one of the second choices out in front,
and, ridden out, the black colt crossed the
line nearly two lengths in advance of the
first choice. Cnarley Thorpe landed Mo
nita in the show. -
THE CITY HAS NO TITLE.
Two Opinion* Given by the City and
County Attorney.
City and County Attorney Creswell has
filed two opinions concerning property in
which the City and County was concerned.
Emily and George A. Pope last year
tiled a petition claiming title for upward
of thirty years and exclusive possession
of a parcel of land ou the south line of
Sacramento street, 275 feet east of Drumm,
fronting on Sacramento street seventy
five feet and running through to Market.
The peiiiion was referred to the City and
County Attorney, who has reported th-it
tho property does not appear on the offi
cial maps of the City and County as City
property, but does appear upon the Asses
sor's blockbook and is so put down in the
list of City property. The dile wan de
rived from the State under the act of
March 26, 1851, known as the beach and
water lot act, whereby the State leased to
the City and- County for a term of ninety
one years certain beach and water lots,
the title of which was held by the State.
Peier Smith brought action against the
City, and on March 4. 1851, recovered judg
ment for |45.538 82. He aiso secured judg
ment against the City for $19,239 on an
other suit, and execution on boih judg
ment issued on December 8, 1851. The
Siier.ff cold tbe lot, with another lot, to
George McDougal. James Beckett and J.
K. Maioney for $1750, giving the Sheriff's
deed. Although the period of six months
'or redemption had not elapied the title
passed, and Emily A. Pope and George A.
Pope claim title under this sale. Attorney
Creswell tinds that tbe City hRs had no
title in the lot since January 6, 1852.
Concerning the issue raised by Emily T.
Pope in a petition requesting that water
lot 66. on Oregon street, be expunged from
the official map. Mr. Ore- well reports that
"whether tiiut strip became ile-licaicd to
the uses on the part or t!ie public lor the
requisite number of years is a question of
fact into which I cannot inquire even if
directed by the board to do so, because I
have no authority to administer oaths in
the examination of witnesses."
Lecislative committee's Clerk.
The Committee on Legislation of the Board
of Supervisors has appointed John E. Hamill,
formerly a State Senator, to act as cl»>rk to
keep charge of legislation affecting San Fran
cisco, at a cos: oi $1000,
Measles on the Incrrase.
Measles are on the increase. Within the past
two days fifty cases have been reported to
the Board of Health at the New City Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNDAT2* JANUARY 31, 3 897.
DEFENSE READY
TO FIGHT BACK
Promises of Some Sur
prises in the Cooney
Case.
Owners of Deeds Used as Evi
dence Clamoring for Their
Property.
Butler Smith Obliged to Threaten
Lees With a Lawsuit to Re*
cover a Mortgage.
The Cooney case nas reached a stage
redolent of spicy developments to come
on both sides. In answer to the numer
ous charges made by Captain Lees and his
de;ectives there are hints that when the
defense begins to unload iis ammunition
some startling surprise will ensue. Not
withstanding the /act that the expert., lor
the prosecution are aware that the attor
neys ior the notary have in their posses
sion fac-similes of the Crocker blanks of
1896, printed by Jame.< H. iiarry, tliey are
not sure that this is the only plan to lest
their skill.
For this reason the Fair people have
become seriously alarmed at the trend of
t. c last few days' developments. The dis
covery of the Barry blanks in its hrst
view looked something very promising;
but a day's deliberation over it somewhat
mitigated its importance and they have
redoubled ttieir energies in searching for
other evidence to use against Cooney. The
credit of the discovery of the Barry
blanks does not belong to Captain Lees,
the detectives and his assistants, although
he was content at first to receive all the
praise. Attorney K. B. Mitchell obtained
the information through a conversation
with the manager of a printing supply
house, on the Oakland ierry some days
ago, and in turn conveyed the news to
Charlie Fair's detectives.
Captain Lees finds himself in some hot
water on account of numerous deeds and
mortgages that have gone into the court
within the past week as evidence against
Cooney. These deeds were gathered from
the four corners of the State to show that
Cooney was in the habit of using a notarial
certificate with his name printed on it.
These instruments are in the custody of
Magistrate Carroll Cook as "exhibits,"
and as the case promises to be much lou.er
drawn out than at first supposed, some of
the owners of the documents are anxious
to have their property returned.
In one particular instance the chief of
detectives much against his will was
obliged to return one of these instruments
under threat of legal proceeding. On
December 2 a mortiiu^o acknowledged by
Cooney for the purpose of evidence
was borrowed from Butler Smith,
a real estate agent. The mortgage was
loaned on the condition that it should be
returned on demand, but it was not until
January 2 after numerous demands on
the part of fcnnth that the document was
given to the owner to head off an action
to replevin it.
"I loaned the mortgage to Detective
Seymour," said Smith, "after learning
that it was to be used in the Fair case.
Seymour signed a receipt for the property,
promising to return it on demand. Now
this niortgacfi was what we call alive doc
ument and l did not care to have it out of
my custody for any length of time. A
few days later I applied for it, but was put
off with an excuse that it was a piece of
important evidence in a big criminal case
and that it should be kept by Captain
Leo«.
"Up to this time I knew nothing of the
intention of the Fair hers to prosecute
Cooney. The moment I hoard of ttie
notary's arrest, I saw that the police had
been dragged into a case thaf I supposed
was one of civil litigation. I had my
opinions about tbe whole affair and I
again demanded my mortgage. There
were more excuses and I finally put the
matter before an attorney. A week ago
Monday morning I called on Captain L*es
and talked Dutch to him. I told him teat
unless my mortgage was returned I would
take legal steps to return it.
"After hearing this I^ees gave me my
property and turned around and sub
penaed me as a witness, instructing me
to bring the document with me to court.
That was a week ago last Wednesday, and
1 have been dancing attendance on the
Cooney case since.
"In justice to Detective Seymour I will
say that he apologized to me. He told
me he intended to return the document
whenever I desired it, but found it im
possible to keep hii word, for the reason
that my property was in the hands of
Captain Lees, who insisted on keep
ing it."
The trial of the pencil deeds, which is
down on the calendar for hearing before
Judge Slack on Tuesday next, will un
doubtedly be postponed a week at least,
owing to a delay in the preparation of the
ury-iiats for this term of court.
A Thrilling Experieuce.
To-day at 3 o'clock Rev. John M. Dick, an
evangelist of Boston, Mas"., will deliver a
special address at the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sireeti*. The service will be lre<i to both ladies
and gentlemen, young men specially invited.
Special music for the occasion. Mr. Dick's
subject will be "A Thrilling Experience."
' NEW TO-DAT.
breaks up
in the HEAD,
on the CHEST,
in the THROAT,
on the LUNGS,
be it GRIP,
be it a COUGH,
be it CATARRH,
be it INFLUENZA,
be it SORE THROAT,
be it HOARSENESS.
"77" BREAKS THEM UP.
Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Dis-
eases at your r.russlst's or Mailed Free. :
A small bottle of pleasant pellets— fits the vest
pocket. Sold by druggists,' or sent on receipt of 25
cents, or five for $1. Humphreys' Medicine Co ;'
cor. William and John streets. New York. >'
NEW TO.DAT. i
CMMEN T SIIEWIELt
Another of the Numerous ImproVements in This Wonderful
Electric Belt Is Given to All Patients Free.
Every device known Jl To make: his Belt
to Science that will vS^Pl^' stronger, more durable
make Electricity do *^£^H~L and with better cura-
; "^#^-5%^- Mm
better work in curing ""^rl^r 1 tive qualities than any
disease is embod'ed in other remedy is Dr.
this appliance. w7mv Sanden's aim.
THIS IS DR. SANDEN'S LATEST IMPROVEMENT IN HIS WORLD-FAMOUS
Electric Belt. It 13 as near perfect as science and money can make it. This is a
means of curing disease which is equaled by no other treatment in the world. It is
the result of thirty years of close application to one hobby— one glorious desire to in-
vent and perfect an appliance which will, without inconvenience, cure humanity of
the serious ills which afflict it— and that all this study, this experimenting and self-
sacrifice on the part of Dr. S:mden is repaid can be seen from the thousands of grate-
iul voices which are raised in grateful thanksgivings to the man who has restored to
their owners health and happiness. Nor is this all. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt enjoys
to-day the largest sale of all the remedies in the world for the cure of nervous and
chronic diseases. No other remedy or appliance approaches it in point of numbers in
use nor in its curative effects.
Dr. Sanden's latest and most important improvement is the doubling of the power
in the battery chain, making it more than ever superior to all other makes of electric
appliances in this respect. Dr. Sanden is entirely protected by patents on bis various
inventions, and no other firm can adopt or use any of the features or his Belt.
Second in importance to the increase in power of Dr. Sanden's battery is his famous
regulator — attachment for making the current mild or strong while the Belt is on
the body. With this a patient can put the belt on when retiring, set the current at
just the right power to suit the sensitiveness of the" nerves, and he can then go to
sleep knowing that while at rest his system is being saturated with the life and vital
force born of electricity. He arises in' the morning refreshed, bright and vigorous,
without any of the blistering or burning of the skin usually caused by electric belts
which cannot be controlled.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt costs no more than others of inferior make. Its current
is warranted to be felt as soon as the Belt touches the body, and its power is guaran-
teed for one year. If a Sanden Belt gives out within one year a new one will be given
in place of it. The following are extracts from letters just received:
"I have been afflicted with rheumatism for forty-five years, tlie last three of which period 1
suffered greatly from nervous debility. Mine was a very aggravating case. After wearing your Bell
seven months I feel no rheumatic trouble and my nervous trouble is nearly gone. lam now 62 v»ars
of age, and consider my improvement almost miraculous." W. 11. STAPP, Pouts Springs, Cal.
"I was all brokeu down with debility. , My nerves were completely shattered and I had severe
pains in the back. I could eai nothing without great distress afterward. 1 had been weak for years
from losies, resulting from early indiscretions. Now, after wearing your Bel', my pains are all gone,
appetite good and my strength restored. My losses are stopped and I feel strong and hearty again. I
have gained eleven pounds in the last month." JOSEPH. HENKICH.
153 Tebama street, San Francisco, Cat,
A DOCTOR'S ADVICE.
One of the reasons for tho great success of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is the personal
attention which Dr. Sanden gives to his patients. fore applying the Belt every
patient is given a thorough examination, free of charge, to de ermine the nature of
the complaint, and during the treatment Dr. Sanden spares no pains to cause a quick
and permanent cure. This free examination is of great value to the patient, and Dr.
Sanden, with his thirty years of medical experience, is qualified to say. frankly what
the effects of his Belt will be. In no case will a Belt be applied where it cannot do
good, as Dr. Sanden has always dealt with his patients on the principle that one cure
is the means of selling twenty more Belts, and he prefers not to sell a Belt rather
than sell one where it will do no good.
If you feel that you need help call on him, and he will tell you frankly whether
there is help for you in his Electric Belt. Consultation and examination free. If you
cannot call send for his late illustrated book, "Three Classes of Men," sent sealed, by
mail, free. Call or address *
S^V.3XriJE33Xr electric 00.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angola* Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland. Or.. 853 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
NOTi,.— .alHJEe no mistake in the number— 632 Martes street •
■ ' g% OhtebeMer'* E_slkk DUaaMtd Brmod.
■ n ■ i BWSIVDftVA! Dll I Q
TSS-_- /^f^CrtftrvxTiV i tnllTnUiWL rILLa
ITTJI^ /J'^&V^olvW »W» - t* I C"V OrlKlBalMiIOnly««nalB«. A
Aw« IC^JSrjRH «V/« ____, /.^TkN ****• alwari reli*t>i». licks xt jX\
r \'K"'*l'Bls/? »_A . *;.fS t^jju Dnulit In Chicluittr't X»<f(i«» Pi* ArVX
MOO-. ft /vS^ S *ll IV, i 4 C\ W frfiJaCTO.mWi/rand la Ue4 »id (?oi«i ulilfeWV
iAuy3Jc»W> / A^ «^.V«S *fcv -_~««b«*««. ««-«* with blu« ribbon. T«k« \2r
4£ t~lr'T — T / /*X3> 'm ■» m^ Tn ♦- CW|»<» other. Btfut* dan/trout »*!(•*• ▼
111 V< yvfi'i^SL^ V<VN"vr/VV* I / nf aiMl *""«*"—• AiDr»n([li'f, »r_wl*_
111 BTWik. VSt/j BLCVCk I • _r '" «t»mp» hr p»rtio»l»ri, twtimoal— « tail
Ir\ «gi\ ■ toll fMw'/f//\ mmm "V 'X" -J-ll 1O,<M»O TmU_»iiimli. Snmi Pay*.
W^SS&llik ' ; C - M — - m -*«-->.*■»
HJ^JgS^^.WsO^i^Mfl •-^. (■•^f&&&*s*!'**in Bit: «a is a uon -poisonous
KW^SSSK \Y\ remedy for Gonorrhorvi,
fly :j ; !_"^^S a r - ; -' J -W^iffi»._ **"» , >@S^«]DnE?^ Gleet, S^f r mat or rh £
feiiillrE^ 'mA KJ^wS^wlA Orn A -fit-Tin Ito i d»Ti.ra Whites, unnatural dis-
Bwa— fe=rr "''"'J^l _ /^^^fe^f J»BCLQj M&BV On»r»ntteH W charges, or any lnflamma-
HaSKsSsP^__«__B h »*»***• K^Jf n«t to atrietare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
-Iw^ *Sb_BuS ßS _— — __■ — _ — — S»-«gPr«vect« coatmgion, tioD of mucous mem-
ELY'S CREAM BALM is aperitive cure. KSfmEvANS CHEM.n^ICo. b^™\*°™* j£*™ t K
Apply into the noßtrilg. It is quickly absorbed. 60 lAcincinmti.O J 8 *" \?* i^?s™ r
cents at Prneeii-to or by mail ; Bamples 10c by mail. «i. s. >^^fby 'SprSsf prepS, ? Jc
£LV BKOTIIKKS, 66 Warren St., New York City. ! *?^^)«fe>Bsf^Sa\a I?- 00 - or 3 bottles, "ir\
'•^•<SaS»»**'* v B Circular sent or ->■- .n«gf.
1 THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- |
i-^\S THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- 1
COR w
rUn — < — JZi
I RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, S
m n Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and j
H Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, #
1 Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swelling I
* Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion! #
I Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to 8
§ name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. 4
I Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. 1
9 *
. H For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Francisco.
■^ , L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast. San Jose, CaL
! /54| TO-DAT. ■ '• '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, BENT COL-
LJtCTOKS AND AUCTIONEERS. \
Office and Salesroom
14 MONTGOMERY ST., HEAR MARKET.
Miscellaneous Auction Sale,
By order of the Public Administrator, Commis-
sioner, Referee and Foreclosure Kale, and for In-
dividuals, as per Catalogue at Salesroom
TO-MORROW,
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1897,
At 12 it
By Order of Public Administrator
the Seven Following Properties:
First— Sloane Estate.
Number 1212 Fcott st., between Eddy and Ellis:
2-story frame dwelling: bricit foundation, etc.;
renting low at $2i» per month: lot 25x90 feet.
Second — Edward Simpson Estate.
Numbers 3658-60-62 Twentieth st, bet. Valen-
cia and Uuerrero: 2 1-story frame dwe. lings in
front, and rear house: lot 25:2x114: front bouse
renting for $18 per month; rear housa vacant.
Third— F. 3lc3lahan Estate.
Number 5 Bernard «t., west of Taylor, bet.
Pacific and Broadway; 2-story house; renting for
$16 per month: lot 23x60; street accepted by the
city.
Fourth— Martin Dougherty Estate.
Nnmaer 21 Kipler place, or Prospect place, east
of Foisom st.: cottage of 4 rooms; lot 50x100 feet;
half block irom electric cars.
Fifth— E. S. Matthews Estate.
B. line of Kipley place or Prospect place, run-
ning through to N. line of Mary St.. 230:9 W.of
Columbia place: 30x150; 2 frontages, bet. Foi-
som st. and Columbia place.
Sixth— Mary Sheppard Estate.
18 N atom a St., bet. First and Second; front in
store and 2 flats and rear in 2 flats; rent $38 per
month ; lot 23:3x75.
— Joseph Clyde Estate.
Ocean View— Undivided third Interest in lot on
SW. corner of Montana and Capitol sts., W. 180 x
125.
By Order of P. F. Skelly, Commissioner.
SW. cor. of Filbert and Pierce sts. ; lot 62:6
x 137:6.
Foreclosure Sale by Order Wells, Fargo
& Co. Bank.
6 lots facing on the N. line of Washington st.
and .~s. line of Jackson, bet. Cherry and First aye.;
this property is on Presidio Heights, the continu-
ation of Pacific Height*, and Is rapidly becoming
very choice residence property.
The four follow n? properties, by
order of Henry P. Umbsen, referee
of the estate of Fred Ureenham,
deceased:
First.
is W. cor. of O'Farrell and Leaven worth st*: lot
fon'y) 25:9x80 to an alley: Improvements belong
to person who has a lens; which t-xolres -March 1,
1909; rent $45 until March 1, 1899, after which
lime Me is to pay $60 per . month until expiration
of the lease.
Second.
916 18-20 Harrison st., NW. line. bet. sth and
6th; lo: 60x80; renting for $58 per month; 3-story
and double 3-scory.
Third.
215 Clary st, bet. sth and 6th; 25x80; rant 920
per month ; 3-story bouse.
fourth.
E. line Sawyer St., 72 ft. s. of Vl.Mtaclon are.,
and being lots 3 and 4, block 28. Sunnyvale
Homestead Association: 72xU.0; being short dis-
tance from San Bruno aye. and Six-mile House,
Mission Cottage.
834 Nineteenth St., bet. Castro and'Noe: bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x76
Large Lot.
S. line of Army st, 258:9% E. of Mission;
152:2x1 16. Irregular; also the two lots in the rear
of he above, facing on the N. line of Precita aye.,
averaging 25x175 feet; ready to build on; street
work done complete.
McAllister-Street Lot-
8. line of McAllister St.. 206:3 W.of Lyon; 2 lots,
each 25x137:6: good locality for fiats.
Good Investment.
4 Moultoo st , Nslde, distant 92 feet W.of Mont-
gomery, bet. Green and Un on: 2 houses, front of
5 rooms and i rear of 6 rooms - 3 tenements; rent
(14 per month; lot 22:6x62:6.
Call at the offlc* and get catalogue and farther
particulars.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
, 14 Montgomery St.
jh^j^. TOKB PO-CHY,
ilrafiaiiiisParafeSl Successor to DX. LAI
bk^s^^s^Sev po tai> c radua tf of
i«s4&3s«SS^il£Ss^ Canton Medical *i;ol-
Egfjji^^MaJSSifMjsjW lege. after a*-verv sue-
ceniful practice of
W, TJfjflP ' many yearn in Chins,
i 52& < '2^ £*< M "1° ft t*d in Saa
tTGNG PO CHY,
to DR. LAI
w PO TAI, graduate of
> Canton Medical Vol-
« lege. after a^-vcrv sue-
'(' ce&sful practice of
I many years in China,
has lo ated in Sun
Francisco. Tbe sur-
\/l/t ' » i^n prising and marvelous
WMKja> f 2/ ■ cures effected by his
iSSjjMUk ij[ herbs- demonstiate
jSM*j»sv<\ <f|S v their potence and his
skill. These herbs
-rfCTtS&IS* j&i^ ' '■ cure over 400 different *
V&ss>*§-<?s3i'^ diseases, Inc udinj
VfcsS*«?s^-;3y Brigbl's Disease, Dia-
% vr*«irti^ betes, . Consumption,
... ' . Asthma, Paralysis.
Brain, Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady wbatsover are Invited to call.
Office, 737 "Washington Street.
Office hours— a. m. to 12 M., Ito 9p. m.; Sun-
day, 10 a. m. to 12 if.
KITW TO-DAT. '
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 2. 1897,
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Business and Residence Property.
.Southeast corner Broadway and Mason street!
Improvements— brick and wooden buildings, com-
prising store and several tenements; this Is a sood
business outiooic: will pay well at present and
better in the future: full ren $107: -VBral cabl»
ro&ds; street in basalt rock; corner lot, 68:9x53:6.
I'ost-Streot Property.
North line (No. 821!) of Post st., 137 east ol
Hyde — residenc- of 7 zooms: rear rejld<>nc«
of 5 rooms; this must soon be business; Post, But-
ter and beary saeet cab es; large lot, 26:9x120.
Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line (,So. 216) of .Ashbnry st, 100 north of
Fell — Handsome 2-s or/ bay-windowed residence;
7 rooms and bath ; high basement: cement stone
walk: iron fence; brick foundation: Hue homei
o e-half block from Golden oato Park; several
cable reads; lo; 25x103 feet.
Mission Investment Property.
Northeast line (Nor. 33. 33% and 35) Or Moss
St., bet. lolsoru anil Howard and Sixth and Sev-
enth— Buildings comprise six tenements of 4 and 0
rooms: full rents $«■<; splendid street-car accom-
modations; lot 00x75.
Magnificent Corner Lot.
Southwest corner of PaclQc and Jones sts.;
would pay well wl h stores beiow and nuts above;
good location tor business: Pacific st. In basalt
rock and cement stone walk: Jackson and Hyde-
si, cables; laree corner lot, 60x52:4.
Pacific Heights Kesidence JDot».
West line of Pierce st., 45 south of Vallejo: two
hanasome residence lots; grand marine view;
b uutlful surroundings- street paved. In fine con«
dltlon and sewered; examine these for a borne;
isntter, Fillmore anl Union car Hues; lot 27:6 x
11 :6.
Oak-Street Basiness Property.
South line of Oak st., 187:6 west of Devisadero:
two handsome business lots: Improved with stores
below and flats aoove; this is a bu.tness proposi-
tion and will rent quickly ; must be sold; street In
tine condition; two lots. 25x137
■Western Addition Home.
South line (No. 2627) of Sutler st., 60 east of
Lyon; building, two-story, bay-windows "* and 7
rooms and bath; street in basalt rock: lot 22:6.x
110.
Excelsior Homestead Association.
Large lot on northwest line of Lisbon St., 150
southwest from Italy aye.; electric road; Improve-
ments aie the order of the day In tbls vicinity;
this property is a speculation for a big advance;
lot 75x1011.
Western Addition Residence Lot.
East line of Pierce st., 91:8 north of Filbert;
near Presidio Reservation and Fulton Iron Works;
sunny side nf the street; must be sold: Union
caole; street in basalt rock: lot 22:11x100.
For Catalogue Inquire of
EASTOX, ISLDKIDGE & CO.,
C3B Market st. Auctioneers.
IOTICE 15Y1TM_SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
mac MAYOR AND COMMON council op
X the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing lor the Issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of >a?i Jose," etn.,
passed ou tne 21st day of December, 1893, and
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
ordainea that there should be Issued by said rity
of Ban Jose six hundred hlgn school building
bonds, of the denomination of $1"5 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of »10(J
each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at the
rate of -ii/z er cent Der annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorised
and directed the City Clerk of sit.d cltr to
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore . ..
Public notice Is hereby given that the city of San
Jose Intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at the'
office of said City Cleric, m the City Hair In "-an
Jose, . California, until me hour of eight o'c.'occ
p. m.. on the eighth day of February, 1887 (at
which time, or as Boon thereafter as said. Mayor
and Common Council snail duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said h.gh school building and sewer
bonds, or either tnereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897. ana the Inter, si thereon to be
paid s>-::il-minually ou the first day if December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States
said huh school building bunas shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, bota
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively irom one to lorty, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bonds;
the first series is 10 Include those bonds which an
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
bonds nuraoered consecutively after those la-
clude.! in me next preceding series
bald sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both Inclusive,
and b - divided into forty series numbered -m-
secutively from on: to forty, both Inclusive each
series consisting of ten bonds; the firm series Is to
lnc.nde those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series Is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those Included in the next pre-
ceding series.
The first series of said high school bulldtni
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first day of June. lH9(s. and one of the re-
maining series is to be made payable o.i the first
day of June In each succeeding ca endar rear
thereaf.er, until and including the ye .r 1937.
bald bonds are to be made payable to th- order of
the purchaser or payee by came,* and to each of
said bonds there U to be attached Interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of y#-ars
wblcu such bond has to run beforo its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offe<ed, the descrip-
tion of the bond* desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checz to
be returned to bidder In case the bid Is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds sball
be paid In gold coin of the United -tales within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rljhs
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or ail
bids, or portions of bids, Is hereby expressly re-
served. t " . J. W. COOK, City Clerk.
..Dated January 3d* 1897. VWB « W e
tll<
in
the
eta
ta
la
mi
MiCHINESE IN
FEAR OF LAW
Police Restrict the Pagans'
New Year Cele
bration.
-4
SCORES OF STARS STUD
THE QUARTER.
Sergeant Price Raids Twenty-
two Highbinder Meeting
Places.
"WELCOME LACK OF THE
FIRECRACKER.
One Chinaman's Foolhardy Leap-
Many Arrests for Various
Minor Offenses.
ifo firecracker?, no bombs, no fights,
Imt legions of police.
"W That was the ?ad condition of China
l)ifn yesterday. In truth it was a blue
tray for that quarter, and the reflection
from the officers' uniforms may have had
something Vo do with it.
At 7 A. m. yesterday a platoon of 100
men, under Captain Wittman, marched
proudly forth from the California-street
station with the firm intention of carry
ing out Chief Crowley'a desire that this
Bhould be a quiet new year celebration.
Heretofore ihe Chief has not Deen ulira-
Btrict in keeping the Celestials within the
boundaries of the law during the celebra
tion o! their new year festival, but the
assassination of ''.Little Pete" changed all
that-
Another thing that gave the Chief an
uncomfortable feeling was the discovery
that to preserve peace in the local Cni
nese quarter it had been found necessary
for the Emperor of China to reach out
his "heavy hand" and "accomplish what
the President of the Uniied States had
failed to do." That nettled tue head of
the department and he came to the con
clusion that he would give the Emperor
of China a few pointers in good goyern
.ment, and the President of the United
State?, too, for that matter.
Although under tlie supervision of Cap
tain Wittman, the police were detailed
into squads under the immediate com
mand of Sergeants McManus, Conboy,
Martin, Woliweoer, Blank, Cook, Harper
and Christiansen. Sergeant Mooney was
on hand with his regular squad, and Ser
geant Price had a special detail oi six men
in citizens' clothes.
Each policeman carried a long riot club
in his belt, an instrument requiring no
preat force in wielding to crack tne hard
head of even a Chinese I'iehbinder. Four
men were apportioned to a block, wLi!e
t lie sergeants nnd corporals kept mostly
in evidence on the street corners, where
they could take a general survey of two
(neets.
. c wagons at the California-street
station were kept busy answering
. Two of these nre stationed in
' -.natown and the third at the police sta
tion. Aboul forty or fiity Chinese were
arrested during the course of the day.
Tney were all char.cd with minor of
lenses, such as Vagrancy and obstructing
the sidewalks. One sickly looking ous
tomer was taken in tow for* selling opium
wituuut a prescription.
The keepers of stands were forced to
move into the streets. Tue principal
traffic of this poorer class of street venders
consists in the sale of sweetmeats and Chi
nese 'lilies.
Every now and then the po'ice would
lay violent hands on some suapicious-
Jookin,; character, rush him off into some
doorway or alley and make a sharp search
for concealed weapons. The Chinese
seemed to realize, however, that this is
not a propitious time to carry a pistol or
knife, and no highbinders were discovered
with weapons in their ppssession.
Sergeant Price believes the hatchetmen
are now -'Jying low" at the vegetable gar
dens on the outskirts of the City. Es
veeially is this true of the cutthroats from
Portland and Fresno, supposed ly sum
moned to tnis City by the Sam Yuds io
aventre "Little Pete's" death.
The "American Terror" also made the
rounds of all t!>e highbinder meeting
places. He had twenty-tyro of them on
his list and none were slighted. Among
the places visi:ed were the following:
1014 Jackson street, 742 Commercial,
1027 Stockton, 831 Dtinont, 814 Washing
ton, 805 Sacramento, 822 Jackson, 10 Ro«s
alley, 802 S.-.cramento street, 1 Breuham
place, 36 Waverly place, where two meet
ing-places are located, 729)4 Jackson
street, 5 Sullivan alley, 16 Spotford alley,
719Pacitic street and the See Yup head
quarters, on the corner of Clay and Du
pont streets. i
The purpose was not to make arrest
without sufficient provocation, but only
to proven t ihe bad element from gather
raw to-day:
M »MJG CO.
CUT-RATE
JHL JMUIGfIKB,
1128 Market Street, San Francisco
Corner Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 South Spring -trpet, ton Angeles.
STOP THAT~COUGH!
Dr. Ira Baker's Cough Balsam Cures
Any Cold.
Sainp'e Frca.
HOT-WATER BOTTLES-
Every One, Guaranteed.
2-Quart 7Jc
3-Quan....... 75c
«-Qnart..." 80:
. 100-Page Catalogue Slull'd .Free.
TRUSSES .....I $1.00
SILK ELASTIC} £2 00
STOCKINGS... * , UU
fit tJuaranteed.
Quinine, 1 -ounce tins.... 60c
Quinine I ills, 2 trains, per 100 ......3UC
Uuinlie Pills. 8 eralns, per 100 40c
Prailtage Whisky, quarts ..75c
Malt Whisky Hsc
*■■ alian Club Whisky 81
*-ker's Col Liver Oil Emulsion ..75c
y.'t'T's Norway Cod Liver OIL 50c
llxiratt Witch Hazel, pints.... Hoc
CViesi Protectors, full size 50c
Trus« Catalogue Mailed Free.
Pinkham'a Compound 65c
Paine's Celery Compound...: ; ....60c
bcott's K ision , , .-,...■ -..*.. 65c :
PACIFIC CO^ST AGENTS !
DR. EDISON'S OBESITY 600DS,
PILLS, SALTS AN J> BANDS..
Write for Circular.- " , '' ■
NOISY
CHIEF CROWLEY in the Role of Chines: Mandarin. He Is Convinced That Both the Emperor
of China and the President of the United States Can Be Given Pointers on How to
Preserve B-essei Peace Among the Highbinders.
ing at any of those places in force. The
inmates in every instance seemed to be
troubled witb guilty consciences, however,
for they never failed to make their escape
without any formal good-by.
At 742 Commercial street it was found
necessary to break down the door to ob
tain ingress. The, last man in the house,
a cook, was d:B' overed in the act of climb
ing throiu-h a skylight. Officer McGowan
caught him by the leg, but the fellow re
linquished his *hoe and escaped. After a
lively chase around a couple of chimney
stacks the Chinese apparently lost tiis
head and jumped fourteen feel to tbe roof
■of the next building. It was a foolhardy
venture, a slight miscalculation might
have cost h.m his life, and the police let
him depart in peace, keeping the shoe as a
memento.
It was also found necessary to break in
the door of the highbinder headquarters
on Sacramento street. Everybody in the
place escaped while this operation wan in
progress.
Sergeant Price is the happy possessor of
a newspaper from the Flowery Kingdom,
in which is given a graphic account of the
trouble some time ago in the local Chinese
quarter and the measures being taken to
preserve the peace. Especial pains are
taken in tne article to convey the impres
sion that tne San Francisco police are a
dangerous body of men to fool with. Ser
geant Price hirmelf receives high com
mendation for his efforts to suppress the
reign of terror.
Monday marks' tbe inception of another
year in the Confucian calendar. It will be
very quietly celebrated here, even tnough
the festivities last for two weeks.
Chief Crowlev has issued orders that
not a cracker be heani, not a pistol note,
since the great Little Pete was buried,
and any one discharging fireworks will get
into serious trouble with the powers that
be. The loudest noise to be heard will be
the beating of the gongs, screeching of
fiddles, blowing of norns and the ki-yi-ing
of tbe hired vocalists in the better classes
of restaurants.
The decorations so far to be seen are
few. In front of the josshouse are some
of those decorations that never fail to put I
one in mind of the inscriptions on chem
ists' bottles, and the flag gayly flies to the |
ureeze. ■
The camera fiend is in his element, and
persons wi'b sketchbooks are übiquitous.
Chinatown is always picturesque; even
when in a state of siege.
It is understood that the idea of re
straint binds bo heavily upon the swelling
sense of ceathen woe that the Chutes
have been chartered for a due celebration
of tne New Year festival.
One nundred more men went on duty as
a relief in the evening;. This system will
be kept up for tome time.
TEN MORE HIGHBINDERS.
Arrested With Nine Naw Revolvers
a Foot Long.
Nine black murderous-looking revolvers
and ten Chinamen, ail now in the Califor
nia-street police station, are more evidence
that society in Chinatown is still prepar
ing for war— getting ready for more mur
der.
Another raid was made by the China
town squad last night led by Sergeant
Mconey and posse. It had been Jearned
tuat a quantity of firearms had been
bought during the afternoon, and the pur
chaser was traced to room 3 upstairs at 39
Washington alley.
The police knocked at the door of the
place which is a sort of Chinese club. It
was opened and all the inmates were placed
under arrest. Then a sea:ch wbs begun
for tue firearms. The. police found a
small <toor in one of the walls and broke
it down. It opened into a small room and
there the implements and munitions of
war were found. Tiey comprised one old
Colt revolver, and eight new ones, each in
a box as brought from the siore. Th« re
volvers are 44 or 41 caliber, abont a foot
long and cave barrels 1% inches in
length.
The raid was made about 10 o'clock and
the names of the captives given at
the police station as they were lined up
were: Now Yen, Wong Ping, Fdng' Get,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
Young Sen, Ah Youns. Woo Line, Lum
Duck, San Chew, Chow Chan and Lew
Watt
Six of the toughest-looking highbinders
w Te shackled to each other on the way to
the station.
ARE THEY THE MEN?
Wing Slngr and Chin Poy Booked
for the Murder of Little P te.
Wir.g Sing and Chin Poy, the Chinese
who were arrested by Polic-man Murty
Callinan shortly after Little Pete's mur
der and have been detained in the tanks
since, were formally charged with the
murder yesterday morning.
Tfco complaint was sworn to by Police
man E. C. Robinson 'before Judge Joach
imsen yesterday morning.
Ctiief Crowley said yesterday that he be
lieved they were the men who committed
ihe murder, but the evidence against them
is not yet complete. They were seen run
ning from the barbershop when the fatal
shots were fired, and the Chief believes
; that considerable important evidence will
I be availab.e for tne prosecution at the
I trial.
Ex- Judge Ferral, who has been retained
to assist the prosecution, expressed the
opinion that the investigation will lead to
the arrest of other Chinese implicated in
the plot to till Little Pete.
A Big Funeral Bill. '
The grand total of the various items of
expense incurred in the funeral of
"Little Pete" reaches the modest sum of
$1200.
The elaborate eaulpaee of a hearse and
six black horses furnished by N. Gray &
Co. was the costliest item.
The purchasing and roasting of fat hogs,
twenty-five juicy chickens, three tame
ducks, spices, etc., with a sack of rice and
a liberal quantity of tea to wasu the
viands down by "Pete" on his long jour
ney to his final destination, cost money.
In addition to those substantial articles
which were especially prepared for the
boss of the Sara Yud Company there
were 112 carriages provided by "Pete's"
heirs for the hundreds of his followers
wlio accompanied his remains to the
cemetery and bacs.
Ttie embalming bill foi the preserva
tion of his body until such time a» it shall
be deposited among the bones of the
Foils Cfaiug family In the Jand of the
risin • sun was another item of no small
magnitude.
PRICE GETS TEN YEARS.
Killed Hit Stepson With a Pair of Scis
sors Last October.
Judge Dunne has sentenced William J.
Price to ten years in the State Prison at
San Quentin lor stabbing and killing his
stepson E. J. Edgar. The prisoner was
convicted of manslaughter.
Judge Dunne lecounted the circum
stances of the case, the tesiimony show
ing that Price had been drunken and
quarrelsome lor a long time. On the Bth
of last October he went home drunker
and uglier than usual, and attacked his
wife in a brutal manner. Edgar appeared
from an adjoining room and attempted
to save his mother from a beating. The
young man's net incensed the drunken
man and taking up a pair of scissors he
stabbed his stepson over the heart, in
flicting a mortal wound. Edgar ran out
of the house and dropped uead in the
street.
In the opinion of the court the testi
mony was sufficient to have warranted a
verdict for murder in the second degree.
Because of this the extreme penalty for
manslaughter was imposed.
A Mutual ».«ttiTy.
The charge against M. P. Light and Mrs.
Grodgen^, managers ol the Sunset Purchasing
Club, Murphy building, of running a lottery,
was dismiss-eel by Judge Low yesterday. The
Judge heid It was a mutual lottery among the
members and did not come wltbin the legal
meaning oi the word "lottery."
HYPMO7IC lust., treatint, teaching, 6 O'FarfelL *
WATER COMPANIES` REPORTS.
Annual Statement of the Spring- Valley
and the V sitHcinn I lants.
The Spring Valley Water Company has
filed an annual statement with tbc Board
of Supervisors. The receipts were as fol
lows: From water rents, private con
sumers $1,553 152 59; from .water rents
from the City, $213,917 73; from all other
sources, $21,619 84; iota I, $1,788 690 16. The
disbursement* were as follow-: Operating
expense*. $394.012 08; tax*>s, $127 289 49; in
terest $540,201 68; total. $1,(W1,C63 25. The
report further shows tnai t tie company
paid elevpn months' dividends, apjire^at
int' $f>79 < ()2 50, makifte a total of expendi
ture* uf $1,740,625 75, and leaving a balance
of $48.0(>4 41. The company also raid on
account oi new construction and per
manent improvement, $432,373 20.
' The annual statement of the Visitacion
Water Company shows that the comnany
ha« 575 patrons and that the revenue for
the year 1896 amounted to $15,027. The
disbursements were in total $9205 16.
. -— . NEW TO-DAY.
WE WILTgIVE THEM A WAY
IF WE SELL GOODS CHEAPER!
Our stock is not moving fast enough, and determined to move
no goods if possible, we have made still further reductions in
Silks, Dress Goods, Domestics, Hosiery, etc., until the very
bottom of prices has been reached ; cost has been thrown to
;' the winds.
>
THESE BARGAINS NEVER OFFERED BEFORE: ■
1 case of ADVANCE SPRING ALL-SILK BLACK BROCADES...!- '; t'
SCOTCH CHEVIOT 44 inches wide .. . .50c, 75c and 85c a yard
! fia.'TVr^rMV'VTVVTR 900 a ySrdl ™ th 75 ° CHANGEABLE GLORIA SILKS.. yd
:_'. 50c a yard,' former price $1.25 60c JAPANESE SILKS, all c010r5....
48-IN. SCOTCH WEATHER CLOTHS • • • Reduced to 30c a yard
.. . /./.. .GOc. former price $1.25 CHINA 51LK5.......... 15c a yard
42-INCH 15OUCLE CL0TH5......-...". Our $7 50 Quality 27- IN.' ALL-SILK
• 45c a yard, tormer price $1.00 EC RU PONGEE.... ...Reduced to $3.75
DOUBLE-WIDTH FANCY DRESS i' U A Full Piece of 15 yard,.
GOODS... __- bayard $10CAL . BLANKETS . .. . Reduced t053.75
EXTRA SPECIAL! 10-4 8LANKET5............ $1.00
ELEGANT DRESS SUITS, former T0WEL5........ .........5c each
price $12 to $20, will be closed out at. LINEN CRASH ..........:'. :sz a yard
fr0m :......... $3.50 to $7.00 a full pattern r vrTa, A \rPT'R WATT? qrtpt«-.
GENTS', LADIES' AND CHIL- GENTS'. CAMEL S-HAIR SHIRTS ■■.
DREN'S HOSIERY 3 pa.r for 25c AND DRAWERS.... " SHTRtV
GENTS'. LADIES' AND CHII,- GENTS SWISS-RIBBED SHIRTS
DREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS... 5c each AND DRAWERS a suit
CHILDREN'SSCHOOL HANDKER. LACES AND LACE NECKWEAR..
CH1EF5........ 2jc a dozen ......AT YOUR OWN- PRICE
11011! A MONEY-RAISING SALE!
■s • — - — i
CONSULT YOUR INTEREST AND TAKE ADVANTAGE
■ | . ■ :■•.■■■■.<.-*.,.". ."■".''■■ ' " "' ..'■ , ■ 1 -^ 1 '. -
GREAT SACRIFICE REMOVAL SALE
■• .; ■ — . - v.'.bg" . ';• .: — ..: -./
J. SAMUELS,
104, 100, 108 ZSLe^my St.
AN OLD STORY
IN A NEW FORM
The Fairy Tale "Aladdin"
Makes Its Bow at the
Tivoli.
Good Scenery and a Batch of
Sparkling Songs and
Dialogue.
Pretty Nearly All the Old - Time
Talent Hav^ a Place in tha
Pirformanc;.
Another season of the spectacular began
last night at the Tivoli, when "Aladdin"
made its bow to a crowded house. The
story of the operetta is as old as the fairies
themselves, but it conies this time with
new accessories and garnished with novel
flavor.
There are four acts in the Tivoli song
story and double that number of scenes.
There is the zest of originality in the dia
logue and the vocal part of the pro
gramme. Provision has been made to
introduce a vaudeville concert in the
third act, and the innovation has proved
a success. There is some very good scenery,
the effects in the cave, where Aladdin
finds the magic lamp, being elaborate and
startling.
Beyond the name and that the skeleton
of the old fairy story is seen in the back
ground in all the varying scenes and num
bers, "Aiadain" by any other name would
be just as good. Tne characters have been
maue to order to a great extent to suii the
available talent, and the workmanship is
of good order. The place of iun provider,
of course, falls to Ferris Hartman as Tip
poping. There is another cumedian part
winch belongs to Maurice D'Arcy. Alad
din, resplendent in silk tiyhts and yellow
silk pajamas, is Miss E.via Crox Sea
brooke.
John J. Raffael is cast as a real kitur,
the Khan of Xartary, who renders a solo
in the third act that is one of the best
efforts in the performance. Miss Anna
Schnabel is the Princess Lovesins, his
daughter, who is ultimately wooed and
won by Aladdin, much to Uie delight of
courtiers, servants, Turks, tailors and a
host of other people. The list grows with
lthys Thomas as Babajeet, a necromancer:
Arthur Boyce and W. H. 'looker as genii
and handy men generally; Fred Kava
nacb. the grotesque servant Hyson, and
Duncan Smith as Coupecoop, a coach
man.
-Miss Annie Suits is Niteo, the genius of
the lami), and in her vaudeville moments
a good imitation ot tlie girl from Paris.
Mi>s Bernice Holmes plays motner to
Aladdin. Miss Josie Intropodi has the
place or Coodove. The list is complete
with Miss Jennie Stockmeyer and Miss
Vera Werden as servants.
Tne show goes with a zing and a ring
and will undoubtedly make a hit. It has
only one fauit, not a bad one after all. It
is too long. It will stand pruning in the
interests of the last-cur contingent.
MRS. HELBING'S PLAINT.
Sues the Spring Valley Company for
Cutting Oft"' a Water Supply.
Mrs. Louise Helbing, by her attorney,
August Tilden, has sued tie Spring Val
ley Water Company for $:360 damages,
caused by the. company shutting off the
supply of water from her premises, 1708
Waller street,
Mb. Helbing alleges that on the 26th of
Jane, 1895, -he owe the water company
$3 and' no more, in accordance with the
requirements ot the City's water ordi
nance, but the company, demanded ?8.
ana when she declined to pay the extra $5
shut off the supply of water from the
premises.
While the water was thus shut off a fire
occurred, which would have been sub
dued if the water had been supplied to the
pipes in a proper way. For the loss of
property Mrs. Helbiug holds the water
company responsible and demands dam
ages accordingly.
Bovrdoin Case Appeal.
James and Fred Merritt yesterday appealed
to the Huprem^ Court of the United States
from Judge JlcKenna's decision in tne Bow
doin College case. *
NEW TO-DAT.
f
A
Physician's .
Care
And a permanent cure by the most skilled and
experienced practitioners; every aid that modern
medical treatment affords and the conscientious
endeavor of true human feeling, inspiring confi-
dence in the patient. No fear of a big fee and
big medicine bills; our methods are not those of
the money-grabbing doctors. We charge all
patients, no matter what their troubles,
$5 A MONTH.
ALL MEDICINES
FREE.
That's ALL you have to pay. No prescrip-
tions or "extras" to pay for.
Our practice and experience covers every ill
of humanity. We pay particular attention to
CATARRH, THROAT TROUBLES, EYE,
EAR and NOSE, but we successfully treat all
Lung Troubles, Stomach Troubles, Diseases of
the Skin, Urinary Organs, etc.
No matter if you cannot call, write. Mail
treatment fully guaranteed. Send for symptom
blank.
GOPELAND MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
916 MARKET STREET.
Office hours: From 9 A. m. to 12 M. ; 2 to 5, COLUMBIAN BUILDING
7 to 8 P. M. Sundays and holidays, 10 A. M. (Over Beamish's).
to 12 m. only. Poom 18 Third Floor
I ,
«A/ EA& £> | ' NO KNIFE! OB PA IS!
ff I *•"■■■ - : '^-^H Ko F«y Till Cured ! 8 !
T'j.<M»^^^^^^g^| . , 60 page book free with
h'ime testimonials of marry
mSHSHBI^^^ Wonderful Cures -wo rs t
_»J^j<?^§^!^Bm^^ Women's Breasts
and Men's Lips.
rj^&SwrMil s - B - CHAM LET, M.D.
0 \M^Z^SL^J v Office. 719 Market St.
*m&^^r ■* San Irancisco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
Pi.ArNBBURO, CaL, Nov. 5, 1893.
Dr. .fierce <fc Son, San Francisco. ' . .— ■
(.iFXTLKMKX-The fifteen-dollar Belt has been |
received and . delivered, but have not heard from
. w:i». ■ the • erson yet about the
■.Aa A' 'jJ^'-Js ' tj-^-Jn^j resalt, but lam not afraid
irvvSvi'MVi^^^i'' of him < online back on
. i*i*&££<Q>£&K ; ?v& mc - *" 1 use;l one °' your
fsP%^"''-~'^t r: V&32 K^its nlne (9) years as;i>
' Baiiil'y*>-^2£j>fe^— ggfßl and have never been
Kybfifp^^nSfeJr troubled with pains ,in
•"VfSilQby^S^J^* my back or hips since.
Ttj£<* r^/Sf?^-ri\f~» So you see why lam 710:
<C£»i"' afraid to recommend y >ur
<?Z?if ' Belt to anyone suffering
v-" 1 * . with a weak back, i;ainj
in the hips and side, as I was, because It will cure
them— never to be doubted.
I remain yours to help the sufferer,
UEO. A. KAHL.
Jffy There arc no "quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electric belts cure
without drugs. Prie s reasonable! No robbery!
Kstablisned 1875. >end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." Magnetic Klastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce <fe
Son). 704 Sacramento St., cor. of Kearnv, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Market
St., below Kearuy. S. P.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
iSiliifi
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Franc] to San Rafael. ■■
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:3\ ' !
8:80, 6:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays—Extra trips at i:&9
and 11:30 p. a. .
6UNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:34
6:00, 6:20 P. st - •
. ■ San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, . 9:20, 11:10 a. m.-
-12:40, 8:40, 5:10 p. it Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:65 p.m. and 6:36 p. m. - ■
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. it: I:4ft 3:4 ft
6:00,6:25 p.m. - ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park satns
schedule as above. -.., j
~ leave In „-„_» '- Arrive "
, San Franclsca Oct. 14. Ban Francisc *
Wkek Svv- t^, 1 .?.??;,,,- Strx- } Wuk^ '
Pays. | dayb. Pestlnatlon. PAYS . ■ | D AYg> ,
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ah
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 1 10:25 am j
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm j
; • Fulton, :
7:30 am .J Windsor. 10:25 *-»• |
He&ldsburg,
1 ytton,
G*vserville, .■ •
8:30 KM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
— Pieta,
Hqpland A ,
7:80 am 8:00 am Cklah. 7:35 6:23 ph
7 -.80 am ■ ■ - ' 10(25 am
8:00 am Guerne ville. 7:35 PM
8:30 pm • • 6:22
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am » :40 am:
■■♦ and ,■•■ • ■ :
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm[ 6:22 p*
7:80 am|8:00 AMI QebastODoL 1 10:40 AM 10:2^aM !
8 :30 PM 1 5 :00 PM I ° eDast °P I 6 :10 PM | 6 :22 PM !
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Ska<R» Springs;, at '
I Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland :
I Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and xakepof:; at
Hopland for'Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at ;
Ukiaa for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo [
: lakes, Laurel Deli Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter ;
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-' !
nells, SaTihefirin Heights. Hullvilie, Booneville, ,
Greenwood, Ore's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, iVlllets, Cahto, Co- '
velo, Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ba- |
yond San Rafael at half rates. --■■ '^'
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle banding. '
B. & WHITING, K. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manage;. Gen. Pass. Agent.
the m FRASCISCO AND sii jdaps
¥ALLEY RAILWAY COIPAIY. v
FROM JANUARY 31,1897, passenger trains I
will run daily : •> - ■ ■■
bouthbound. * Stations. Northbound.
7:20 a.m. .Stockton.. 6:10 p. m. ■
9:49 a. m Merced 8:14 p m.
ll:tO a M : Fre5n0...... .....1:10 p. M.
: For Intermediate stations see titufl-table. "■'".
i Connecting steamboats of the C. N. & I. Co. ;
leave San Francisco a- d Stockton at 6 p. m. daily, j
( onnet-iin- steamboats 'of the C. ■' In. & I. Co.'
leave San Francisco and Stockton at 6 p. m dally • i
■OIIJIT TAMALPAIS. |
Trains connect with North PaeiflO
■ Coast Kail road. . : ■• -.-
WEEK; DAYS- Leave 8. F. 9:1 "5 a. M. 1:45 p. M. '
-i Returning— Arrive 8. *'. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p. M.
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. M 11:3Oa. m. I:3u*.u.
Betnrnlng— Arrive S.F.I :16 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m. ;
; Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or -j, -:. -. .- I
. THO>. COUK A SONS, 621 Market su, S. F.I-; i
4iW Vftlley »ad Mount Xamalpalo ttcinlo Railway* j
RAILROAD TRAVEC!
SOVTIIKKN I*At:iriC COMPANY.
(rACIFIO SVMTEM.)
Xrnloi leave nml nr« «lii«'(o nrrlve at .
tiAfi I'ICANC'ISCO.
LEAVE — FKOM January 1. 1897. — ARRITJ
•«:6»a Niles, Han Jose and Way Stations . . . " M:4sa
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Og<lcn and I'.ar.t.. 8:13p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTille, Ruir.gey. Sacra- .
mento. OroTillo and Redding via
Dims : 6:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa 6j13"»
8:BOa Niles, Kan .lost-. •Stuclttoii, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico, »
Tehama and Red .«il»*
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7:15p
9:00 a New Orleans Kxprecs, Raymond (for
Yosemitc), I'l.-sno, Bakcrslicld.
Hanta IJ;irl)ar;i, l.os Angeles, Dem-
-1 ing, El Paso, New Orleans end
East 4:45p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4.-, p
!>:00a Vallejo 6:13p
Nilos, San Jose, Llverraore and
Stockton ~:13p
•l:OOp Sacramonto River Steamers :... >il:(»Op
* l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livcrmore S:43a
tl:3ttp Port Costa and Way Stations t~:43p
«:O«»p Martinez, San lUiiion, V;ill«>jr>.
Napa, OaUstoga, Xl Verauo and
Santa Rosa ; »il3a
4:90p BenJcia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing. Marysville, ()ro<
v ville and Sacruineii-f> 11:15 a
. 4:30p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer- ;
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:4.3*
'B'OOpLob Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and l.os
Angeles 1O:4»A
SiOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
» for Mojars and East , 10:43*.
etOOi* European Mail, Ogtlun and Kaat.... o*43*
6iooi« Haywardß, Nilesnnd .San Jose 7:43*.
t7:Ooi- VaUeJo 17:43p
7:00p Oregou I'Jxprms, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, I'ugtt
Sound and East 11:13 a
•J10:00r "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East 812:43?
SANTA CXI)/ IUVIMON (Narrow (;:iuu:c;.
M:|!>a Newark, Oenlervillo.Saii.lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
StaHons 3isCp
•»:15p Newark, Centerville, San .lose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations........ 'lliaOA
4:lst> Newark, Rail .lose and Los (iatos ... 9:30 a
tll:4.»pllii!>trrs' Excursioa, San Jose and
Way Stations !7:2Mp
(QAM I>l VISION (Third St Towiiscnd Sis.)
6:43 a .San Jo« and Way .Station* (New
- '■■■" Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30*
»:13a San .lose, Tret) I'inos, Kunta Crux.
,■>_'/.,, Pacific Tirore. Paso Ruulcs, San
l.nis Oliispo, Guadaluiie, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:OOp
■ I O:4O\ Sau.liisuiiMu U'ny Stations 5:« Op
11::JO,v Palo AUo ami Way Stations 3:30*"
1 *2:*tOrSan Mateo, Menlo Park. San Jose,
N Gilroy, Tres Tiuos, Sraitn (,'rur.,
. Sulinas.Monterey mid *lO:10\
•:;::iOfSa:i .losu und Way Htiilfons £:*3a.
*4:30i- Sao loso ami Way Stalinni •H:C3a.
3:3«»r Sa. .joso and Principal Way .Statious *8:43 a
O::tOi- San Jose and Way Stations «:XVv
111:451- San JoB»Mtinl Wav Sl:itiim;< 4~:43if
" 515 IiKAM'KH AM* HAVUAUI>> LOCAL.
t*G:O©** ' ~" ( 7:13 a
8:00 a I i .. f0:13.\,
iHSa Kelrosc,Scm|nar y Park, JuSSi
' *" -So^ Fitrhbunr, San L»n,lro *****
%Zl » nd 1 sii3p
13& . Havvrards. - •s**
7:«0p J*:4*l
A*Cop ~ o:*3.">p
O-OOp i Runs through to Niles. 1O:3Oi>
tfll':lspj From Niles. { ftl'.i:Ot'p
- CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SiS PRiHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9;00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:C3
1 *i:QO tS:OO. *6:00p.ii.-,;
From OULAND— Foot of Erosdway.— "6:00 .. ■ 8:00
10:00 a.si. tl2:00 »1:00 t2:CO *3:00 t»;O(J
*5:0Pl-.M. ■ ■-.. . ■ -
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sundays excepted., « 1 Saturdays only.
■- • - ' :~ ' ■ { Sundays only.
, . ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
1 TPuet days and Saturdays. 8 Sundays and Thursdays.
Atlantic "^^gg 1^
• RAILROAD
Trains leave aul arrivi «t^C^^Jt^S^^J
Market-Street Ferry. . i^fe^y^3SrSw
sim FE- EXPRESS. WmM
To Chicago via A. A: I'.^ll&S^lUTti^
Direct Line V<attite'i^--y3jj
; ' Leaves da ly at 5: JO p. ' M..carrv!t!2 Pullman Palaco
I Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourlit
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through 10 Cl-:c
via Kansas City, i Annncari for Denver and au
i Louis. v . '■■
: lioi.on Kxcurslons. via Kansas Cl'.y, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave ever/
i i esday. ■
■ The best railway ; from California to the East, '
I New rails, n«w lie*: no dust: interesting scenery,
: ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
i San Francisco Ticket Office. 04 I Market •
St.. Chronicle l:uil<ting. Telephone
1531. Uukluud, HIS lirnaUMay.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
j (Via Bamallto Ferry). .
; Vrcra Ban I'rancisco, Commtadng Sept. 13, 1831
WSEKOATt
i For Mill Volley and ban Rafael— «7 l2B, *9:1%
' 11:00 a.m.; -1:45, 3:45, •s:l6.*j:«,tf :30 P.*
Extra trips far Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wedae*
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 P. M. . > • --.
' bondays. v " V. ,'',:
For Mill Valley and sun Bafael— "8:00, »10: C»
•11:30 a. M-: *l;;-: 0. 3:00, *4:30. 6:16». K.
Trains marked • run to san Uuentln.
' THROUGH TRAINS. . ,
1 For Point Reyes 'and way stations — 7iZi a! '•,' ;
I Weekdays, 8 -00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 mv. siMtnm ■
I •ays. ■■• --■••. ..- •- •■■• . . • ■• -.•-,•
i •i or Cazadero and way station*— 7 ;23 a, m. «—•> s
I Hut H4i r. m. batttrqaya. . wmmm m vmm '
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix-.
710 Market street, open until U o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
289 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 O'clock.
BW, corner Siiteentu and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
£S IS Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open nn,il 9:30 o'clock.
13(15 Po'.k stroot: open utnl 9:31). !
CIiUKCU NOTICES.
if3=»' FISSI < ■nri:CH~oFcHRIST, '■
tie? tist— services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall, |
836 Post st-. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject. "Peter and John Condemned
by the Rulers for Preaching the Truth and
Healing the Sick." Sunday-school for children at
li.- same hour. "Science and Health" Study
•I hurray at 8 P. M. in Mystic Hall, 320 Post st.
All are welcome. ;
SF^" l'!K.-i CONUKKGATIONALCHURI H,
K^ southeast corner Post and Mason sts.— Rev.
G. C. Adams, D.D.. pastor will preach morning 1
and evening. Morning service, 11 a. m. : theme, I
-The White Stone." Kvenlng service, 7:30 p. m.; j
then).'. "Bearing the Yoke in One's Youth." a ser-
mon for Christian Kndeavorers. Sunday-school at
12:45 P. m. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:30 P. M. Samuel
D. Mayer, organist and musical director.
OP^g= THIRD CONG REG ATION A
B--^ Fifteenth st.. near Mission— Rev. William
l;«der. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. : subject,
"Loyalty to Christ.-" Services at 7:30 p.m.: snb-
Jrct.""Tho Book of Job." Seventh in series on the
Bib'e. Music by chorus choir under direction of
William C Stadtfeld. All are cordially invited.
[Ks= CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Sfc^ corner of Geary and Powell 6ts.— Rev. John
Heinphlll. D. D.. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. anil
7:30 P. M. Evening topic. "Elijah." Children
may be presented for baptism at the beginning of
the morniiiK service. Music morning: "Te Deum,"
in F (Kotzchmax): offertory, --Christian, the
Morn Breaks sweetly": soi.-> and quartet, H.
Home Shel'ey. Music evening: Special musical
selections from the "Oratorio of Elijah."
All are cordially Invited.
BrS= MIZPAH PRESYTKRIAN CHURCH,
EfjS' Ham on st., near Fifth— At 7:45 p. M Rev.
.1. W. Webb of Fresno, grand chief Templar of
California will dejiver a gospel temperance ser-
mon— ••Prevention la Better Than Cure." Will be
made spec ally interesting to the young.
jr^E 3 THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH,
K>~-^ SW. cor. Geary and Franklin sis.— Rev. Dr.
Stebbins. minister. The Sunday-school is at «:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocomb.
The morning service is at 11 o'clock. All are cor- |
d ally invited. The evening service is omitted.
EJ^3?= Till SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH, I
{Sis' cor. Twentieth and Capp sts.— A. J. Wells, j
pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a.m. .and |
7:45 p. M. The evening lecture will discuss the '
Industrial situation, the special subject brtne. s
"T-ie Remedies." A' are invited. Sunday-school j
at 9:45 a. m. Unity Club Tnesdav evening:
paner on "Enoch Arden." Pastor's residence, 924 |
Valencia corner Liberty.
W£~S= FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
tt-J5 / Twelfth St., bet. Howard and Mission —
Rpeular, morning and evening services. The 11
a. m. subject is: • Regular Absentees From Church |
Services.' The 7:45 p. m. subject is: "Krnpst
Renan on the Mode of Baptlsn ." Bright, up-to-
date services. Seats free. All welcome. Sunday-
school, 9:30 "A. IT. Y. P. S. C E., 6:30 P. M.
Franks. Ford, pastor; Mrs. Ella Jacobs, musical
director.
CT^?» FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
CF-JS' (Swedenborgian), O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore— Rev. D. V. How en, pastor,
services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Puhject (morn- !
I ft). -Repentance"; evening, '-The Spiritual j
World.' Sabbath-school at 10 a. m. '111? public
cordially invited. Seats free. Free swedenborgian
library.
tprS= COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH, GOLDEN
ZSZ& Gate Hall, butter St.— The new meeting
pace of the Cosmopolitan Church is Golden Uate
Ha I. Services to-nigh:. KfV. Harold Bore,
pistor. subject of sermon: "The Religion of the
Twentieth Century." James Hamilton Howe,
organist. Doors open at 7:15 P. M. services 7:45 '
p. \t. Address business communications 10 James
>er,bitt Hill, 6-5 cutter s l ..
C5S= ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM. MASON
tt^^ and Kills —Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation services this aiemoon at 3 o'clock. Ad-
dres< by Evangelist John M. Dick or Boston. Seats
Iree to all, both ladies and gentlemen. Young men !
specially invited. Subject, "A Thrilling Experi-
ence."
o^ls= DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
ttS^-iy Home College. . 360 Seventeenth sr.., City,
2:30 p.m., and 511 Fourteenth St., (Jler's Hall,
Oakland. 7:3) P. m. Discourse by M. E. Cramer;
subject, "The Tree of the Knowledge of Good and
F.vil."
ErT^» SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST MEET-
ur^ ings, a 7:30 each evening, at 1380 Market
st. An appropriate son? service will precede the
preaching. The public cordially Invited.
IJ^S=» T H E TH EOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
•S-^ Free public lecture every Sunday at 8 p. M.,
Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st. To-night: "The
Ilial of India," by Mr. Charles P. Nielson. Good
music.
|E^g=- SAN FRANCISCO THEOSOPHICAL
BS-Js' Society— Free public lecture every Sunday
at Academy of sciences Hall, 819 Market s'., at
8 p. m. To-night, -Hidden Meanings in Chris-
tianity." by E. P. Jones. j
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
jryS' HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. m
SE-JS r and A. M.— stated meeting i'Hls A
DAY (vonday). February 1. 1897, atTTTf
7:30 p. M. By order of the W. M. /V>
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
■KS=" POHONACHEE TRIBE NO. 1, <>v
EF^' Improved O. R. M., 320 Post st.^kii^te
Members are notified to attend th& coun- _jJT~
cil MONDAY', February 1. Important bus. ness
regarding the by-laws is to be transacted.
S. H. RICHARDS, Sachem.
M. Campbeix, C. of R.
«p?P THE SCOTCH TUG-O'-WAR v X3T >,
Ib^J? Club meets at the Cafe Royal 3 SiM ;
corner Fourth and Market. MOMMY S&T^
EVENING, February 1. at 7:30 o'clock. *fc;£Nfc
S. llcottJ£i,Oit Captain.
[C5 3 LOYOLA ASSEMBLY No. 1, YOUNG
IP-*' Men's Catholic Union— Officers and mem-
bers of the above named assembly are requested to
attend the funeral of their late brother, JOHN F.
QCALK, TO-M.ORROW (Monday) at 8:30 a. M.
trom his la c residence, 116 Ash aye., off Polk st.,
bet. McAllister and Fulton. Yours fraternally,
J. J. Powers, Rec. sec . M. B. CasEY, Prej.
tCS».MA»ONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.—
IFj*' The annual meeting of lot-owners In the
Masonic Cemetery will be held, at the Masonic
Temp'eon TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February
2. 1 97, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before It- ■ GEO. J. HOBE, (secretary. I
jt^S* SOULSBY CONSOLIDATED GOLD
tt-~» Mining Company— Not cc Is hereby given '
that the regular annual meeting of the stock- j
ho den of tlie above company w 11 be held at their
office, room 7. Mills building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 3,1897.
EDWARD W. HKBARD, Secretary.
Ct^S 3 THE RKOLTLAH ANNUAL MEETING !
W&r of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the 1 nice rf the company, 327 I
.Market st san Francisco, Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at the hour of
II o'clock a. m . for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
Office 327 Market it., san Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ft^S=» DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP—
&*-& notice is hereby piveu that the partnership I
heretofore subsisting between the undersigned",
WILLIAM WEIL, I.. A. WHLand ALEXANDER
W. WKIL, under the style or (inn of El L
BROS. <t SO.n.s, wholesale liquor merchants, at
the nty and County of San Francisco, State of
C;.l fornia, has been this day dissolved by mutual !
consent, so far us relates to the said L. A. WEIL, I
who re lies from said firm.
Ibe business will be continued under the same
linn name by WILLIAM WEIL ana ALiiXAN-
DKB W. WEIL, who will receive end pay all ac-
counts due to and owing by said Jjrm.
Dated January 29, 1897. L. A. WEIL,
WJU. WKIL,
ALEX W. WEIL.
. Witnessed by H. R. PEDLINa.
|!E3g= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4: j
<*-^ collect made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy «t., room 6; tel. 5580.
STOCKHOLDERS' NOTICE.
yivT^sA^TaTrN*-
Er-JS' Cisco, Cal.. January 29, 1897. At a meet-
ing of the board of ■ directors of the Edison Light
and Power Company, he.d on the 28th day of
January. 1897, It was unanimously resolved that
on and after February 1, 1897, the president and
secretary be Instructed to deliver to the stock-
holders of said company one and one-third (1 1/3) i
shares of the capital stock of the s-.iu Francisco Gas
and Electric Company for each share of the
Edison Light and .Fewer Company's stock sur*
rendered. Transfer-oooks of the Edison Light
ami Power company will be closed on January
30. 1897. The first dividend will be payable on
the n«-w stock on or about March I, 1897, and will
be at the ate 01 one dollar ($1) per share.
stockholders are requested to surrender their
certificates 10 the secretary of the company with-
out delay.
EDISON LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY,
By J. E. Green, Secretary.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FRKE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
-A ialty: private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages.' etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 .Market st, corner Stockton st.
T) W. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHROX-
-I\. lcle building; advice free; lowfe a: all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRhSS. 632 Market, rm.23.
DVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
A ceasi uL W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market M.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALISTS'
V.' Association, Scottish Hall, 105 Larkln street;
Sunday, January 31, at 7:30 p.m.: Mrs. Maude j
L. Freiiag's last appearance. AdmissonlO-. All
friends of Spiritualism are invited to attend a
reception to be tendered to Hon. Thomas G. New-
man nnd tanilly. at 418 McAllister at., on Wednes-
day, February 3, at Bp. m. There will be refn sh-
rot-nts and a dance.
T 997 MARKET ST.— FIRST PROGRES-
sIve I spiritual ( hurch; 11 a. ii.. test deve op-
ing circle; 2 p. M , tests all. Mrs. \V"inches:er
Dunham, Mr. Hausen: 8 P. m., tests, artic es
read, Mrs. Dunham. Fellner Barclay, Mr. Luhrs
and others: 4>ntertainnie! t and dance Monday
eve:. ing, February 1, 8 o'clock, admission 10c.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. FRA-
ternal Hall, Washington St.— x^ajt public seance
ny Mrs. hreitag. the wonderful ballot test medi-
um, a; 3 o'clock. Professor L>veland will deliver
a lecture of unusual interest at 8 p.m. Subject,
•*Tli») Pi ilosophy Taught at Berkeley."
A T DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY, 909
J\ Market at 11 a. m. and . 2 and 8 P. m..
Messrs, Stiti. Hargrave. Hanson. Mmes. sealey
and Dunham, Dr. M. Clalr md other-. ' |
FRIENDSHIP HA. L 3J6 MCALLISTER
JT st.— Test meeting to-night; lecture on -Pire-
ology": character reading*; skeptics invited; sit-
tings daily. - ''
TMME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
JVJ ioc; 41H McAl.ister st. Professor Young's
orchestra and quartet and Mm.-, ioune'i aaton-
isning tests.
TEST MKETINO, 2 P. M. WASHINGTON
Hall, 35 Eddy St.: 8 p. m.. 335 Me A. lister st. :
Stitt. Clemens aud others; skeptics invited; 10c.
HKE SPIRITUAL TEST MKETING MON-
FREE SPIRITUAL TEST MKETING MOS-
day evening, at Washington Hal, 35 Eddy a:.,
by Dr. scnlesiuger and Mrs. Irene Smith.
RS. H.A. GRIFFIN'S CIRCLE THIS EVEN-
Ing, 25c: sittings daily at 426 1 /a Grove st.
RS. BHRI.VEH: CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: TESTS
to all; 25c; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye.
SEANCE TO-NIGHT; MRS. EGGERT AIT-
KKN; also Thursday eve.: 25c. 320 McAllister.
MR. HANSEN'S CIRCLE 11 A. M.; MEETING
7:30; private sittings $1. 107 Fifth st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112y 2 OAK S . .; ClR-
cle Friday evening, 25c: readings, $1.
PARLOK TEST MEETINGS TO-DAY 2 AND 8
X p. m., 1 Polk st.; 10c.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
JJESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUA- j
Xii lion, doing upstairs work and wailing at I
table. Address H., box 101, Call Office.
_^_
"ptLIABLK LADY'S NURSE WANTS EN-
XV garments; confinement or Invalid; terms
moderate.-. Address MRS. STANLEY, 322 Fifth.
(COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
VJ for general housework; 6 years In last place.
Please apply 2917 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED LAUNDRESS WILL WORK
by the day. 327 Minna st.
\ \.r ANTED-— A POSITION AS HOUSE-
I '» keeper; no tnfiVrs 995 Market st.
VfIDDLE-AGhD WIDOW DKSIRES SITUA-
-I>l tion as housekeeper or wait on invalid; handy
with needle; witling to make herself usefui in
house: pleasant home an object; small w<:ges.
B. C, box 18. Call. .
pOODDKESSMAKER WISHES FEW MORE
VJ engagements by tne day; city or suburbs. 402
O'Farre'ilst.
-I\TANTED-A PLACE FOR A FIRST-CLASS
IT cook, or would do general housework in a
small family; best references. A. X., oox 149,
Cairoffice.
Y OUNG LADY WOULD LIKK TO ASSIST IN
X private family in exchange for room and board
and small wages, wii<;r.; sh-' can attend Hopkins
Institute of Art in afternoon. Address MisS
AN A IE HARWOOD, Fruitvale.
"V"O T JNG WOMAN WISHES LIGHT WORK
1 of any kind, capable and trustworthy. C, box
70, Call Office.
PVRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS. GOOD
XJ Utter, sews 50c AND M. M., box Call.
titter, sews 50c a day. W. M., box 92, Call.
pOMPKTENT MIDDLK-AGED LADY DE-
\J sires a position as housekeeper or do upstairs
work. Address -0, Willow aye., near Larkin st.
GIRL WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST JN DRESS-
making in store Address MISS WALLACE,
7721/2 Harrison st.
SWEDISH WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework; city; wages 25. Call 705
Polk St.. candy-store. .
EXPERIENCED LADY TEACHER OF PIT-
Xj mau shorthand and modern languages in East-
ern college desire* position In school or private
pupils. Address K. L., box 102, Call Office.
OME WANTED FOR YOUNG GIRL 13
Home wanted for young girl 13
years old; wi. ling and obliging; very neat.
Address Home, box 103, Call Office,
yOUNO lady WoULD like .mending OF
X any kind. 1020 Market st., room 5.
SWEDISH WOMAN' WANTS WORK BY
the day at washing or housec'.eaning. 1931
Union st. . .
\f IDDLE-AOE.D WOMAN WISHES A PLACE
IVI as housekeeper or as nurse to invalid or
children; best tf references. Call, for one week, |
at 36 Moss st., off Howard, bet. Sixtn and Seventh,
C ARABLE YOUNG W>MAN. WITH GOOD
references, wants work by the day; $1 and car-
fnre. 1214 Bryant St.
/COLORED WOMAN WISHES SITUATION:
\J can eive first-class references. Call 1604 Jones
st., nr. Paciiitt.
yoiKQ COLORED WOMAN WISHES PLACE
X a i housekeeper. 203 a Powell st., room 9.
"WIDOW OF 40 WANTS A POSITION AS
'» housekeeper in a widower's family: southern
California preferred. Addiess 515 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
BY A RESPECTABLE GERMAN' LADY,
with daughter, position as housekeeper for
gentleman or widower In Oakland: wages not so
much an object as good home. Call or addresi X.
Y-.\ 1525 Seventh St., West Oakland. '-'-_'-
T/IRST- CLASS COOK; WITH A GIRL 15
■T years old, desires situation In boarding-home or
family: is a first-class baker: city or|countiy; ref-
erences. 126 Fourth St., room 37.
"\VT ANTED— WASHING, COOKING, HOUSE-
'» work and nursing, at $1 a day. 92 5 3 Shot-
well si.
EASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
would like first-clasi plate as housekeeper for
lodging-house, widower or bachelor. Room 9,
472 Stevenson St., corner. Sixth, after 12.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO !
do general housework. Please call 928 a Sutter.
LADY WISHES SEWING OR MENDING TO
do at home. 821 Mission st., room 6.
FIRST-CLASS DKESSM.ARER WISHES EN-
X gaeement by the day; would go to the coun-
try. 788 Van Ness aye.
ANTED— SITUATION BY A NOVA 8CO-
'" lia girl in American family; good cook; will
do some housework. Address 1 M Ellis st. '
pF.FINKD £LDKRLY LADY WANTS CHKAP
Xtbqardln country; neat housekeeper: good cook;
German scholar. Address MRS. UERMAN, Per-
a ta P. 0., Berkeley. Cal. .
|)EST SERVANTS: PARTICULAR PAINS
.D to please by J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter. !
■yOUNG WOMAN, GOOD SEAMSTRESS AND
X good cook, one who has to depend oa herself
for a living, wants position as tiouseKeeper in
liotel or lodging-bouse: city' or country; strictly
business. Address A. P., box 10, this office. -
A N r D- POSITION AS WORKING {
" housekeeper by an agreeable young woman;
widower's famly preferred; wages $25. Call
Saturday and. Sunday from 10 to 3, 126 Fourth
St., room 6.
T A DV' WOULD LIKE HOUSEKEEPER'S PO-
\j siilon; city or country. Apply lal Taylor st.,
room 2, morning or alter 7 P. M. ,
■y-OUNG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES POSI-
X lion as working housekeeper for widower oi-
bach-, or. - 106 Fourth st., mom 2
I /COMPETENT GERMAN COOK WISHES SIT-
I \J untion; best of refereaces; no postals. Call at
j 2005y 3 Mission st. •
I TTXPERIENCfiU HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
I J-i wants work in widowers or bachelor's house-
hold: country preferred. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours. 1 1 a. m. to 9p. M. V
■yOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF RhFINE-
X ment aria culture desires a position as manag-
ing nousekeeper in widowei's or bachelor's house,
•Room 2, 122 Post si. '
. (GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
' T do general housework or housekeeping: cood
cook lor small family. 620 Washington street.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS TO DO HOUSE,
work or launiry- work in a private family.
Please call at 1715 Howard st.
"Y OUNG GERMAN LADY, RECENTLY FROM
X the East, desires position as housekeeper. : 112
Taylor st., room 14. j
WIDOW DESIRES P. BITION AS HOUSE-
keeper; does not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress R. C. F., Peralta Heights, cor. Lester and
Hanover ayes., East Oakland. ■ ...
SUSPKNDKRS AND MUFFLERS EMBROID- |
O ered by widow, 10 to 5 only. 1007 Market, r. 5.
"VTEAT YOUNG HEALTHY ' WOMAN .WISH-
i-i es situation as ' wetnurse. G. G , box 77, Call
Office. - --
YOUNG WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S
-I mending at home.-; 106 Fourth st., room 2.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NB.
Market; 200 rooms V6c io 81 50 per night;
$1 50 to $4 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
EXPERIENCED WAITRKSS OR CHAMBER-
Xj maid would like a situation lv country hotel
or boarding-house; 920. Address box 452, Hay-
wards P. O.
VOUX« WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
la; housekeeper; city or country. Call 144
Fifth St., room 6. ; '■ :'; ;■■ j ";
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
it Thk Call are taken at Branch office, . couth-
west corner blxteenth and Mission ss.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st. ;
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR . Mis-
sion; branch office of Thj Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
7 1 O LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Ji) CALL: >-uhs( rim-ions an 1 want ad < taken.
SITUATIONS ANTED MALE.
COOKS, WAITERS. KITCHEN-HANDS, POX-
Vj ters, etc.'. can be had at short notice by app y-
iug at ANDRE'S, 310 Stockton st.
VCR A FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN OR
-T gardener sen 1 your order to J. x. CROSETT &
CO., 628 -acramento st. $
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
XX nesu employment orace. 17 Webb st., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: iel.main23l. W.C. YOUNG, m;r
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.; tel 3.am 5234.
CHINESE & JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
help;tel.main 1997. BRADLEY" A CV..640 Clay
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4141/2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE YOUNG
t \ man, a position In private family: understands
horses also housework ; excellou t references. B.
8., box 40, Call Office.
IMRTL-CLASS FRENCH, ITALIAN AND
' American cook wants place In hotel, restaurant
or larte boarding-house; is thoroughly comoetent
and has good references. Address Cook, box 101.
Call Office.
/GARDENER. GERMAN. COMPETENT ALL
Ijr branches, wants situation In private lamily:
milk if required; has references. Address M.,
box 74, Call Office.
"EXPERIENCED BUTCHER WISHES A SiT-
J-i nation ; city or country. Address Butcher, 200
Turk 31., room 3.
SINGLE MIDDLE-AGED MAN. PRACTICAL
gardener, understands horses, cows and poul-
iry, hai.dy with tool <, wants situation on private
place or ran. h. Address F. A., box 103, tall Office.
SINGLE MAN WANTS SITUATION ON
smail fruit ranch: understpnds orchard work,
raisins of small frul s and chickens; o*ll take full
charge of place. Address S.. box 102, Call Office.
ITUATION KY TRUSTWORTHY MAN. AD-
dr ss R. KRAFT, 9 Carlos place, above Powell
si., oft' Geary.
MILL HAND. USED TO BANK, STORE,
and office fixtures, veneered doors, frames
and general mlllwork; have been for several years
in hardwood department in a mill on tills coast •
will work for $2 a day; give me a trial. M. 11.,
box 60, Call Office.
yi)UXO MAN WOULD LIKE POSITION OF
X any kind; is an experienced teamster and
gardener. Address W. T., 1 Klmball place, oil
>ac"iamen:o st. •
AUOX BLACKSMITH WANTS WORK.
»» 70S : Fulton st.
MIDDLK -AGED GERMAN WISH KB WORK
In either city or country hotel as either assist-
ant barkeeper, waiter and pantryman or bed-
maker and porter, or as vegetableman find dish-
washer. Address F. H., box 40. Call Office.
HOTEL MAN OF ACTUAL PRACTICAL Ex-
perience and who has received the wages of
a waiier, steward, barman, clerk storekeeper and
assistant manager for rendering satisfactory ser-
vice seeks change of engaEement (present being
assistant manager) to .hat of .- torekeeper, clerk or
assistant manager of a hotel; mining disir.ct pre-
ferieu; references given. H. A. MA'l HEWS, care
S. P. railway dining s.ation, Castrovllle, Cal.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN, GOOD REFER-
-LV ence, will accept any position; small wages
and home. T. G.; 641 .Mission st.
MAN WISHES TO GO TO GUATEMALA
and oilers his services as Interpreter and com-
panion or to work generally when there. Address
J. 0., box 52. Call office.
JAPANESE BOY WISHES SITUATION AS
0 sehooiboy. Address M. J., 22 Prospect place.
STEADY, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wants work of any kind: can drive and care
for horses. E., box 104, Call Office.
GAKDENER— KIKST- CLASS GARDENER
VJT with goo 1 references wishes steady employ-
ment. Address Gardener, box 29, Call Office.
ANDY YOUNG MAN AROUND HOUSE
wants position: thoroughly understands
horses and can make himself generally useful.
Address J. A. NIXON, Colma, San Mateo County,
Cal. j
p ERMAN(SPiiAKING ENGLISH, ITALIAN),
\J hard worker, good painter, handy with tools,
wants work of any kind; city or country; low
wages. S., box 83,. Ca1l office.
MIDDLE-AGED SINGLE MAN FROM SWE-
den, practiced in agriculture ana handy with
tools, wants situation, of any kind. 737 Mission
it., room 212.
ANTED BY AN INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG
'» man. 21 years, married, a position as grocery
clerk or driver. Address or call at 1447 Jessie st.
SITUATION WANTED BY SOBER AND
O steady young man as driver of milk wagon or
something similar by one who can come well
recommended. Address M., box 99, Call office.
SITUATION WANTED BY SINGLE ENG-
lishinnn as milker and butter-maker in private
place or dairy: understands the care of thorough-
bred cattle. Address C. HEWITT, 508 second
St., Oakland, Cal.
SITUATION WANTED BY A STRONG
young German of good habits: not afraid to
work. Address J. T., care of R. HORNKR,
Y. M. C. A., 208 Mason St., city.
GERMAN, 3 YEARS LAST PLACE, UNDER-
VJ stands care of horses, garden and milking,
wishes situation. ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton si.
STRONG, INDUSTRIOUS BOY: ONE WHO
understands working in bakery. Apply 109
Ninth St.: call after 10.
JAPANESE COUPLE WISH SITUATION IN
O private family; city or country: have good
reference. 1307 Larkln st.
I7INOAGEMENT WANTED BY A YOUNG
Xli German, 27, sober and honest, during the fair
German, 27, sober and honest, during the fair
in Guatemala for a California business house or as
boiel clerk, storeroom man or any other responsible
position. Address M., box 4, Call Office.
Situation AS MANAGER of AN exten-
O sive ranch by man of experience; has met
with special success both as truit and raisin
grower and packer: best of references. Address
vox 1607. Selma, cal.
XT OUNG, STRONG. ABLE - BODIED MAN,
X sober and steady, painter and paper-hanger by
trade, desires a situation in a hotel or institution;
city or country. Address Painter, 2633 Post st.
pARKIAGE, HOUSE PAINTER AND PA-
\> anger, temperate, A 1 reference*, handy
with tools: must have employment; low wages;
city or country. AItDELL, 1042 Foisoin St.
ANDY YOUNG MAN WITH GOOD REF-
XX erencts wishes work around house or small
hotel; home more than wages. R. M., box 98,
Call Office.
-V7OUNO MAN 20 WISHES WORK IN SuME
X office or wholesale house; can furnish good
references and securities. J. LEON a box 98.
Call Office.
PRACTICAL MACHINIST, ALL-ROUND ME-
X chanic and engineer, married, wants position
where a reliab c man can have permanent em-
ployment. Address D. C. S., box 14, 1 all.
yOUNG GERMAN FROM HOLSTEIN WANTS
X situation of any kind. Address 11. V., box 27,
Call Office. . . ;
FIRST-CLASS HOHSESHOER .AND JOB-
_T bing blacksmith wants place In a good shop,
or will take Interest In shop: city or country. ■ /id-
dress :-. Si, box 98. Call Office. :3gg3g|
BY COMPETENT MARRIED MAN POSITION
X> as watchman, shipping cleric or any situation
of trust; speak, read and write English, German
and Spanish ; highest o: references. Address H.
ii., box 92, Call otliee. . i
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
QQQ HAVES -BRANCH OFFICE OF
iJOU Tub Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. - - -
TJRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
-D st.— Want ads and subscriptions taken. -
MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJS
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
-97 MONTGOMERY, corner OF CLAY'—
O£d I open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken,
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR,
<> Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to iti per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
C WAITRESSES, HOTEL, SOUTH, '$20; 2
O waitresses, hotel near city, 820 and $1&; 4
houseglrls, 820: 2 housekeepers, £15 and $20; 4
girls, countiy, $ JO; 3 German girls, $20 and »20;
2 girls to assist and sleep home. C. R. HANSEN
<fc CO.. 110 oeary st. i
<_> HOTEL COOKS, 820 AND $25; COOK, PLAIN
«J boarding-house, $20: plain laundress," $16:
young girl, housewor-c. small lamily, $15. 1 MUR-
RAY <& REaDY, Leading Employment Agents,
6<>i-636 l lay st. -
HET.r WANTED— Cont.fnn-''.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIRLS OF
ail nationalities to fill various po-itions. Ger- |
nian Kmployment Office, SO6 Mason st. |
ANTED— BUSINE S WOMAN WHO CAN
'» lurnish about 91500 cap! »1 to take half in-
terest iv safe, profitable mercantile business; one
who can take lull charge of office preferied. X. V.
Z., box 10, Call Office.
IKST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS FOR FINE
white work, also colored goods, who will sew at
home; give references. Addresi ii., box 105, this
office. SI^SS
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. AND
cook. 23 Hollis - -
GOOD BOOKKEEPER. WHO THOROUGHLY
understands stenography and typewriting, is ,
wanted for a first-class business house. U. S. In-
dustrial Agency, room 165, Crocker building.
N HONEST, RELIABLE YOUNG GIRL
cooking and housework lor family of 3: will
have good home and be treated as one of the
family: re fere nces required. H. T. E.. oox 28, <. all
WASTED-TO-DAY (SUNDAY), 9 O'CLOCK,
TT to work today, experienced typewriter on
Remington machine; $:. Call 110 Geary st. '
WANTED- A BRIGHT YOUNG LADY TO
M work 1 hour per day In exchange for instruc-
tion. Apply at S iebl's Buslnes< College and
Shorthand Institute, History t>uildirig,723 Market.
YOU.NG LADY WHO HAS A FAIR KNOWL-
X edge of manicuring and desires to learn the la-
dies' hairdressing. Call at 225 Powell st.
ANTED — GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
German cooking; references. 2311 Broadway.
TIT ANTED — YOUNG WOMAN TO SELL
TT loilet preparations and travel in the country.
Call at 1055 Market st., room 1.
■\TKAT. YOUNG GIRL ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
II work small family; $8. 759 Capp St.
DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY
XJ taught; we teach the McDowell, America's
most famous system of drestcutting: used and
recommended by ihe leading drtssmakers: pupils
work for themselves, friends or customers : why
waste your time as ..n apprentice when you can
have personal ut tent on from a competent teacher
for only $1 |er week? In our millinery depart-
ment we teach ihe making and trimming of styl-
ish hats and bonnets: easy payments: unlimited
lessons: special ternu to those who enter this
week. The McDowell Dressmaking School, 636
Market St., S. * opp. Palace Hotel. .
WASTKD-PL-I'll,B FOR A PRACTICAL
»T millinery school ; course thorough: ci ass now
forming for spring worK; satisfaction guaranteed ;
evening classes. -2V2 Geary or 410 Letveuwoith.
T>ECOME QUICK AT FIGURES: MY SYSTEM
X) guaruniet-d to make you: low rate in club now
forming; caii at room 57 2, 855 Market St., for il-
lus. ration. '1 a it I., Accountant.
ANTED — FIUST-CJ.AS> LADY BOLIC-
ltor, accustomed to advertising; salary. . Ad-
dress, stating experience and references, W.,
box jOl», this office. ;
lEARNDRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY; j
Xj easy payments; unlimited leisons: " patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
SF. DRESSCUTTING SCHOOi FRENCH
< tailor system taught. 916 Market St.. m». 54.
T/LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.; $1 a week.
n~l C- LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ult) Cam,: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
T AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
Winchester Houso, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1 1 Cj! NINTH BT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
111) Thk Call; subscription and want ads
taken. ' . . '
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED- COOK FOR RESTAURANT AND
»> oyster-house to-da.\ 9 a. m.. $50 a month;
waiter, restaurant, »30. ANDRE': 1 , 3i5 Stockton.
IF YOU DESIRE TO TAKE THE CIVIL SER-
vice examination for any Government position I
write us for special Information free. Civil ser-
vice College of Corr.. Rev Dr. W. H. Gotwald, ,
President, Washington, D. C.
THOUSANDS OF GOOD PLACES UNDER
the McKinlev administration in every part of
tbecountry. Do you want on?? The midwinter edi-
tion of the National Recorder will tell how to get a
position. Send 5 cents In stamps to the National
Recorder, Washington, D. C.
BELLBOY: $10. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny St.; open from 10 to 12 A. m. •; ':; ;•;
PASTRY-COOK AND BAKEH, COUNTRY
X hotel, springs; $40; second cook, country hotel,
north, $60. C. K. HAN SEN <& CO., 110 Geary. .
PARTNER WITH LITTLE MONEY; GOOD
salary assured; 10 years' experience. 929 Mis-
sion st.  . .-„.%.>:.-■.;•,■ ~~-
WANTED— TO-DAY (SUNDAY), 9 O'CLOCK,
»T to work to-flay. experienced typewriter on
Remington machine. $2. Call 110 Geary st. j^§Bß
DISHWASHER WANTED IN THE REAR OF
116 Turk st. ; call at 8 o'clock.
OYS BETWEEN 14 AND 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 t utter st.
"tXT ANTED— IN A FIRST-CLASS NOVELTY
TT ait, a; assistant who can loan $30; good
wages; investigate. Call 129 Fifth St., M 3 o'clock.
W" ANTED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOR
'•position in coo try: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m., 9 Geary, room *■
STRONG. INDUSTRIOUS BOY; ONE WHO
understands working in bakery. Apply 109
Ninth st.: call after 10.
Men or WOMEN to WORK FOR US day j
or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no canvassing; experience unnecessary; we pay
salary; Inclose stamp for particulars. Standard
Mfg. Co., 142 WestTwenty-ihlrd St., New York.
BfcCOMh QUICK AT FIGURE:*; MY SYS-
tem guaranteed to make you: low rate in club
now forming. Call at R., 672-856 Market St., for
Illustration, I'ARR, accountant.
|ukki;k>-kuh EMPLOYMENT call sec
13 P. c. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS, 825 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BARMERs' EMPLOYMENT
secretary .1L BERNARD, 102 seventh st.
BARBERS-GOOD 3-CHAIR SHOP: MUST
be sold at once. DECKELMAJN BROS., 106
Ellis st.
hAKBKR WASHSI ANDS, 1, 2 AND 3 BOWLS,
D cheap. H. HUF&CHMIDT. 623 Golden Gale ay
T>UTCHER-SUOP; f CLEARING $100 PER
X) month; must be sold in 2 weeks: proprietor
engaged in other business by March 1. For pur-
ticulars apply 1205 Broadway.
RUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH Sl'.: OPEN
all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
WANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
"1 school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
RECRUITS WANTED FOP. THE U. S. MA-
- i rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
» ho are citizens of the United States, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an J habits \
and able to speak, read and write English and be
ween 5 f«et 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St., San Francisco, Cal.
MAN FOB POSITION OF TRUST: (ISO CASH
secuiity required. - C. S., box 95, Call Office.
MEN AND WOMi-.N TO INTERVIEW PROP-
erty-owners. Landlords' Co-operative Asso-
ciation, 143 Pheian bulld.ug.
OFFICE-BOY. 14 YEARS OLD. LANDLORDS'
Co-operative Association, 148 Phelan bulking.
"11/' NINTH • ST. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXU'l'hk Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
ELCHO HOUSK, 863 Va MARKET ST.— ROOMS
XJ 20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 wee*.
OKO/J MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
£iO£\) want ads taken for THE CALL. '
ROOMS 160 To 76c PER NIGH i ; 500 TO »i SJ
JLV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st. :• :
Q INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 16c A NIGHT:
0 76c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
her trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given:
catalogue sent. S.F. Barber School, 138 y 2 Eighth st
WANT ADS AND. SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOB
•' crs&clerks. KNOX Collection Ascy. 110 Nutter
9^9^? MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_t7_ U Tuk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. „ ■ , . ; " r: . ; ' :'■
'PRY ACME HuUSE. 557 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. !
1 f\(\ MEN TO TAKE DOING AT 10c, 150
X\J\r and 200 a night, Including coffee ana roUj.
t24 Washington St.. near Kearnv.
U4£*T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
1* 25 cents per night: $1, $1 a 6, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial aud ,Leidesd»rfl sis. .
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK
" Home simple thing to patent* Protect your
Ideas; they may bring -oo wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN.&CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C for their $lsiW prliM
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted. |
WANTED— LABORERS, AMD MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third su: 150
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week. - '
HELP WANTED— Contfnti«»<l.
■pOSEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
XV fllshed rooms. "JOe 10 26c night, $1 to $1 50 vrk.
E SIMON wants 100 Mr.N to nKl' boi-
• tie beer or wine sc. best free lunch. 643 Clay.
\\, INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Mantei: 200 rooms, . 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and ba^gaqe to and trom the ferry.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; «l
I week; rooms for '£. 25c a day. $1 50 at week;
read lng-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st. ,
WANTED,' YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIK
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoe* repairs,!
at night while you wait: laaW soling, 35c; ruoa' I
doling, 60c; . fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoo* been damaged by water, as
less than one- fourth' their value, from 25c up tj
$2 uO. i&£ Mission st,. bet. First »:. and Second it.
AGENTS WANTED.
» GENTS WANTED FOR OUR REVOLVING
Xi. Panorama, tinea slot mach'ne on the market;
also our Roulette machine: circulars for 2-ce;it
stamp; send 50 cents in stamps for the following
money-making outfit, viz.: ). circular of the Liv-
ing Picture and other sot machines: 2. art album,
containing over 100 brl.liant masterpieces of the
"Nude in Art" and list of over 1000 other works
of art in all branches; 8, illustrated Booklet, a.l
about the new fascinating indoor football game,
"Oonsuelo": 4, circular describing "How to Make
an Art Album"; 5, two hat and cycle brushes: nil
this, with Instructions how to coin money with
this outfit, for 50 cents in stamps. UNIVERSAL
NOVELTY COMPANY, New York.
GENTS WANTKD TO CANVASS FOR
"Falls Heater." Call or address J. H. FALLS,
126 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
* OKNTS— HUSTLERS MAKE $5 DAILY
A lling the only revolving griddle cake turner;
samp c 20c. O.\K. MICK EL. sole manufacturer,
Haverhill. Mass.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
J-lbv Indian-. Auction C 0.1057 Murket-npp.Jonei
HOUSES WANTED.
Tir anted — completely furnished
TT house of 5 to 7 rooms in good locallit- by
sma 1 family; state price; references exchanged.
H. D. TRACY, box 69. this office.
BOARDING WANTED. /-t*'.
yousG lady WANTS sunny boom;
X breakfast and dinner; reasonable walking dis-
tance of downtown. Z.. box 89, Call Office.
BOOMS WANTED.
9 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS: 4 BLOCKS *TL-
— . Bart st., Montgomery aye. ; state price. A. F.,
box 84. i a.l Office.
' WANTED-BIISCEL.LANEOUS.
TITANTEIj— UPRIGHT OAK FOLDING BED,
»T with mirror, anil bright carpet 15y 2 xll feet.
Address B. 8., box 68, Call Office.
\». r ANTED— DRY MILL: 2 TO 5 TONS HARD
1'» rock. 65 Union st-
"!» UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKR, SASHES,
JL> doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1163 Mission ss.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postaL
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? it so our warerooms comaln
the most desirable stock from which to makn the
selection: bargains for cash, Installments or rent
tract plan: we are selling some pianos for $3.
$4 an 1 $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, .-?-, $9 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of o* right pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinway any
lime within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY <& CO., repre-
sentatives of Steinway & son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal. ; Portland. Or. Seattle. Wash.
ACTUALLY THE BUST BARGAINS IN
iv pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
$3, $4. $5, !*b. $7. $8, $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly
payments: tine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert. The F. W. SPK.NChK Co.
Salesrooms, 983 Market st., opp. Mason.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
J\ house west or Chicago is - KOHLER <£
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO u'Farreii st.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of alt
grades and price*: terms. easy; prices lowest;
everything po^slbi* cone to please and satisfy tna
customer. .';.;•
AINES,.BUbH. & GERTS AND KNABE Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; finn second-hand
uprights, $135: organs. $35. W. C, HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MU»T SELL,
.'v pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
installments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
GOOD UPRIGHTS $125, Sl6O AND $175:
square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market sutggggg
(2»tm A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
«4p «JU. condition; $51nstallmts.221Leavenwortb.
HORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGEII. SOLE A'.ENT FOR HALLET
.<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
BARGAIN - FINE CHICKERING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hlbernlaßank.
© I (\(\ A WALNUT UPRIGHT, STOOL,
«4P J.UU. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
A SHAW, STEINWAY $250, CHICKERING
$186; great bargains: s4 mo. HEINE. I 36 El'i -
MAGNIFICENT STEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
IVL Schubert; little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van New
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— fc-OHMER,
N ewby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repnirer 2 i. at ham place.
FOR SAI,K-MISt'EX;t.ANEOUS.
VOnNG FRESH MILK COW AND CALF FOR
X sale. Apply 28 Harper St., bet. Thirtieth and
Thirty-first aid Sanchez and Noe.
OR SALE CHEAP— ON 60-HORSE EN-
-T gine; 1 30-horse engine and hoist; 1 donkey en-
gine and hoist; 800 feet 11-Inch water pipe all com-
plete; taken on mortgage, no use for it; se,l half
value. Address 148, Auburn, Cal.
T ATE-iT IMPROVED NO. 4 SPL CAII-
XJ graph, in perfect condition, $70. J. 8., box 2,
Call Ottioe, Oakland. ' .
FFER WANTED— HOUSE AND LOT, 243
Perry su: 11 rooms in 2 ■ flats: rents $28. In-
quire 74*5 Harrison st. for particulars.
(ti,iA IMPROVED HIwH-ARM SINGER
«Jp IV/.1 V/. machine: all attachments. 2437 Mission
st., nr. Twenty-first. # 't
IJRAND NEW DAYTON (OHIO) COMPUTING
J i scile at a sacrifice. J. A. DRINKHOUSE CO..
227 Battery st.
JERSEY CoW WITH CALF 1 FOR FAMILY.
•J 81 Treat aye.
LADY HAS 2 RUNNING. HORSES TO Dis-
pose of: will take trade; piano - preferred.
II all, box 104, Call Office. . - AZ-.n vf,
1/<OR KALE— FIiIST -CLASS BUTCHER'S ICE-
X chestT one-third value. 1819 Devisadero st.
OR SALE— A COMBINATION BILLIARD-
' table, complete in first-class order: price $lao,
cost $36J Apply room 120, Phelan building
i^INE GORDON SETTER DOG, 8 MOS. OLD.
'£ FREDERICKS Express, Sutler and Sansome.
A MATEUR FONTS OF TYPE AND CASES,
J\. 60 cents. | 8 Montgomery aye., room 14. |
NEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
J.YW. a RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
I) OILERS,ENGINES,aD-HANJL» MACHINERY
13 water-pipes. Mclntosh <& Wolpman, 137 Beaie.
ijARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
• » cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
'store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. .J. N<>ON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission ».., above Sixth. . . ' -
AKS, SCALES. MIRROR-, . FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
VTATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
i.l der; also large folding-door safe. „■ 8 Mission st.
pOFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
i.. ARS, SHOWCASES, . COUNTERS, SHELV-
IJ ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7tn.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
SEWING MACHINES BOUGHT. SOLD
rented and repaired. 145 sixth su . •• -^^r J ,
All KINDS bought, SOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired: lowest rate*. ~VOS Fourth at,
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, COR.
U UoldenGale ay. : diseases of women a specialty.
STORAGE.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building.; advances made. 211 Larkia.
PERSONALS.
MAIDEN, 24, WORTH $11,000, WOULD
marry. Maiden, 34 NE. Thirteenth st., Port-
land, or.; inclose stamp. ',-: . ■ . ; / | <';
j T ADV OF 27 WITH BUSINESS XPERI-
I J j ence wishes to meet a gentleman of tmsioess
who would assist her in securing a desirable posi-
tion. Address Business, box 16. Call Office.
KALTHY BABY GIRL, 21/, YEAKS OLD,
XX for adoption. .Address R., box 31, Call.
* BOUT YOUR BUST, LADDIES!
■A. The Vlo-Datur is guaranteed to develop any
part of the .body to which it is applied within 30
days; the Vlo-D«tur i* a home treatment which
75 out of every 100 ladles need, and it belongs to
the c.ass of worthy preparations which accom-
plish magnificent results in the way of developing
the bust and giving b» k to women iho beauty and
charm of youth: the Vio-Datur is indorsed by
United sates Health Keports, New York, Dec 1.
i 1896. page 7. Address THE VIO-DATUR, 1181-
-1183 Broadway, New York City.
WOMEN
with bad complexions can have them beauti-
fied; women who feel listless and whose eyes lack
luster can have them made to sparkle, if taey will
only goto ■
. . v.V DR. SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNEUC BATHS.
One bath will help you materially, a course will
make you well: go tr-.iuy and .try them; good.
buajil and sunny rooms If desired. 1533 Buchanan.
A T LINCOLN BROS. , CASH GRUCEKS, 226
-A. sixth st., mid He of the Dlock— Eggs, 15c doz.;
butter, 20c roll; cheese, 10c lb; picnic hams, sVic
&>; 3 cans corned beef, 25c: milk, 6c can: toma-
toes, sc can; string beans, 5c can; deviled ham, 6c
can; corn starch, 6c ib- m i' 2 lbs/ granulated sugar,
$1; coal oil, 65c can; 6 cans sardines, 26c: sweet-
breads. 10c can: new jeily, 10c can. Remember
the name— LlNCulN.
t;pride myself ON THE NEaTNESS OF
X my parlors and the politeness of my attend-
ants; hamiressin,' is only 25c: halrdresslug and
shampoo, &oc: switches, $1; "QUINONIA" hair
.ionic, 35c per bottle. G. LEuERER, 111 Stock-
ton st., nearest Geary.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE
X reasonable: 10 years' experience: all matters
strictly confidential. Addresi or call, 104 Mason
St., room 6. O. K. WEBSTER.
PROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT; HIGHEST PRICKS. O.
\J NOLTt, jeweler, 222 arrell st., nr. Mason.
DR. ADDIE SWAIN, FEMALE SPECIALIST;
XJ consultation and examination free. 51 Fifth.
PAIR VKNTRILOQUI>T FIGUKEb— IRISH
and negro; lessons given. S. W. C, box 101,
Call.
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
pAG CARPETS WOVE TO OKDER FOR SALE!
Xt also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st., Oakland. Cal.
TNFOKMATION WANTED OF THE WHERE-
J. abouts of MRS. CELIA SIMMONS or her
daughter, KATE. Call or address A. SIMMONS,
925 Larkin st.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty: private: no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOVVE, at:y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
MRS. c. SANCHEZ, ARTISTIC HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine st., room 7.
HAVE YOU TRIED
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO • MAGNETIC
BATHS
For those rheumatic pains that cause yon so
much suffering? You oon't need to suffer an-
other day. The cure is simple, the remedy pleas-
ant and comfort always follows. One trial will
benefit you Don't forget the place. H/glenic
board and sunny rooms if desired. Coma to-day
to 1533 BUCHANAN 5.T. Consultation tree, 1 to
1 3. aud 6 to 8; Sundays 10 to I*.
ME. PEARL SHELDON, CARD READER.
has returned. Call after 12, r.17, 120 Ellis si.
OTUTTEKING AND STAMMERING CURED;
0 obesity reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broadway, Oakland, room 25.
LAI DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN I'ETECTIVE BUREAU,
ii. Parrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-641: hours a m. to 12 p. m.: tele. Mint 1471.
PAI.NTINO, ; WHITENING, PAPERING,
X etc; times are bard-, must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster st, cor. Eddy,
1 f\lU\ CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS. KTC.
JLUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22 Va Geary st.
(Dj 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABIN At 1 Wlir
t|pX SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
AT THK PEOPLE'S ONK DOLLAR MEDIOA&
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029 Market «v,
ML Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco,' Cal
f.97 .MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
OZi i of The Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken. :•■;. ■-<*
"LiAP.TINGTON'S bCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i. anil Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc., 424 Pine St.: Illustrations tumlshed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC H AIRDKE&.-.INU, .25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market su, room 28.
rnHE ANIMATOSCOP*. THE PERFECT
J. screen machine. For price of hand 'or motor
machines call or addrest Anlmatoscope Company,
933 Market st., San Francisco, seventh floor.
R. C E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. &03.
JJUPTUKE AND PILES CUBED: NO PAY
Xt nnttl cured: send for book. DR& Mas*
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st.
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
1U chine; uses theklnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st, . - '
\V ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
TT ing, painting. etc, by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K MEKIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
T)IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
If ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
ELKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
200 rooms. 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to (6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR FEA'iKER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCaBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
DIVOKCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 906 Market St., S. F.
' /"ILOAKS, FUKS AND SUITS RETAILED Al'
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st. I
■ DRESSMAKERS.
» PPRENTICE TO LEARN DRESSMAKING.
J\. Call Monday 1627 Mission at., near Twelfth.
\ DENTISTS.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PAY-
X I able $1 week. . CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
<JU/T FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16:
tjp 4 . warranted 5 years: extraction free: filling*
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION,
X DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter; tel. main 5375. .
/-*1 HAL PANT <fc CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework a specialty.
COL'ION DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 ilAK-
ketsU DR. CHARLES. W. DECKER.
®7A SET FOR TEETH-WAKRANTED A3
tip I good as can be made; filling $1 DR SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, sOc: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates $5 up: 13yearf
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 816% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST,'NR.
XJ Eleventh; no rharee for extracting- what*
: plates are made: old plates made over like new;
j teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given. |
SET Or' TKJSrH WITnOUT A I'LAiiU • UK.
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk su
DR. J. J. LXXX, 1206 MARKET. COX. GOLDEN
Gate aye. : open evenings; Sundays till noon.
i pROOMIt DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; j.alnle«
*xtracting, with gas. »1 : plates. . $5 up; fill, $1 np.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
»nd patentee of improved bridge work or testa'
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O 1 F arrell i
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. KICIIABDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
y 26 and ■■ 27, Crocker - Luiioiu*; Metepuouo Main
;75, San Francisco, Cal. !iii,.i
JOHN K. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
O attys at law, mis 515.516. 6th noor. Parroit
FURNISHED HOUSE FOR SALE.
TS/"ELL-FUKNISHED HOUSE ON POLK ST..
'♦ near Eddy: 10 rooms: 2 kitchens and bath:
low rent: a good paying house a.. a bargain. Ad-
dress F.. box 105, Call office: no agents. ■-. \ >
HOTELS. '■{
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ; ST..
;XJ board and room $1 to -$2 per day, ■$6• to $12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $1 to SI 50 per night; 1 first-class
service; free coach. CUAKLKa MONTGoMKHX
BUSINESS CHANCES. %
QQ.(\(\ WILL BUY. A FINE SALOON; a.
tIpOUU good location; doing a good business;
will bear investigation. 33 Sixth St., THOMAS 4
CO., room. 18. ■ . - m •:--' \:'* "■"
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINKV^"
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUSIXK-V^-.
X must be able to g.ve .good reference: no othqii
need apply. 33 Sixth st., rm. 18. THOMAS ACM
THOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BU-IN"'*
places it will pay them by calling on THOMAi
<& CO., 33 Sixth st, room 18. .„• . :
ROCERY AND BAR: 4 ROOMS; PRICE
VJ $200. DECKER. .1020 Market st.
QjQ^n STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
€»»" tlon store. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
<5»19^ FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
rfplAfJ. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st
Q4Xfl SALOON AND LUNCHHOCSK;
<Us^*OU. prominent corner in wholesale dis-
trict; finely fitted up and doing good business:
owner has other business. srEXBiiKG& Co.,
632 Market.
PRIVATE BOARDING-HOUSE; Al LOCAL-
X Hy; with from 45 to 50 regular boarders: rent
more than taken out in board; see this ai, once.
fCKIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye.
%1 £»0 ' A NEW KINDOFIJUBINE^S; THK
VDXOXJ. only one in town; wind sprinc cream
waffles bakery and chicken tamales factory; easy
payment; only a fourth of the net profit required
until paid for. 701 Larkin si.
ANTED— PARTY WITH $400 WHO UN-
»" derstand* horses; good investment. Write
for particulars to b., box 52, this office. i
-\\r ANTED— BRANCH BAKERY, NOTION
IT or candy store! must be cheap- low rent; no
agents. Address J. W. A., 61 Second st
FOR SALE— BEER-BOTTLING BU9l-
ness in this city: full investigation given. Ad-
dress O. P., box 60, Call Office.
PARTNER WITH LITTLE MOSEY TO CON-
duct office end of established detective agency.
P., box 21, Call Office.
flU7' -STAND X.ND LAUNDRY;
qp 10. good loca.ion; must be sold; make offer.
Inquire Call Office. ,> *.' '-> ,- : ;, -
FOR SALE— FRUITSTORE: NO REASON-
abIe off^r refused: owner to leave the city. 2 1
Gran: aye. '■'. .
TFYOU WANT TO BUY OR SELI. A BUSI-
\ ness, see UNDER .765 Market st.
WANTED— PARTNER IN CIGAR FACTORY
with store. G., box, 14, Call Office.
pAUTNKR— LADY OR GENTLEMAN, WITI^
X a few hundred dollars. 1055 Market st., rm. \T
OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER CIGAR*
store. 1 Taylor St., Mitchell's corner.
TTAIRDRKSSING ESTABLISHMENT FOR
XX sale: party leaving city; good paying busi-
ness. Adores* a. N. , box 87, Call Office. .
PARTNER IN WINE AND LIQUOR BUSI-
X ness: good outside trade: German preferred;
little money. Call 820 Valencia st.
A PROFITABLE BUTCHER-SHOP WITH
fixtures; to rent cheap: a chance of a life-
time; see it. 813 Greenwich st.
WANTED— TO BUY A GROCERY-HTORE,
" saloon or frmtstand; state price and rent. 8.,
Call office, box 8.
CASH JOBBING BUSINESS TO EXCHANGE
for city or country property. G., box 71,
Call Office. ■;■■.-.; ■•:':■ '
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIB
office.
<SM 7k HOUSE, 10 ROOMS; FULL OF
«JpXlt>. good-paying roomers. 128y 2 Ninth st.
rpo TAILORS— A GOOD CHANCE TO BUY A
j i. good merchant tailoring business, with or with-
out goods and trimmings on band, or half Interest
for a good cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of - ll-
lug. Owner can be seen from 10 to 2 o'clock, sun-
day, January 31, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel.
<Bt9nnn reliable partner wanted
tSP£i\J\J\J. to keep books; established paying
butcher business; bona fide investment; owner
called East; principals only apply to owner. Ap-
ply this office.
WOOD AND COAL YARD OR MILK BUsI-
" ness: stable. 9 stalls: flat 5 rooms to let; low
rent; good location. 1915 Mission st.
filj ja branch bakery, NOTION-STORE
«IP"v/. and 3 rooms: rent »10. Apply Call Office.
GOO:. CIGAR- STAND: RENT CHEAP:
VP±+J<J. parties leaving city. 1055 Market st.
T.MR*T-CLASS MILLINERY-STORE; GOOD
'location; 3 furnished rooms. 1037i/a Market.
SALOON: A GOOD BUSINESS; GOOD REA-
son for selling; no agents. M., box 40, Call.
IpOR CORNER GROCERY AND BAil;
. ' $260. Apply 121 .Eighth st.
Oj-I CA BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS*
«IP J- O\J , furniture of 6 rooms: cheap rent; fine
location. Property Exchange, 850 Market st.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMA I L
VI capital wantud by young widow. 207 Post
St., room 8. >
7-: CIGAR-STAND, WELL ESTABLISH-
«Jf • O. Ed, nr. Market. COLLIER, 306 Sansome.
©^nfl RESTAURANT FOR SALE: DAILY
(J)DUU. receipts $40; full trial given. 8., box
71, Call Office.
MAN WANTJCD BY EASTERN LADY: UN-
dertake country business. 1 Fifth St., room L
"EXPRESS BUSINKS*. COR. SANSOME AND
111 Sutler sts.. J. C. FkEDEHICKS.
cyr ijst MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
Zt)ZO want ads taken for The Call.
■© 1 £.(\ CASH; GOOD- PAYING REST A
tjp 1 OVJ rant: receipts ' from $15 to $20 a day.
Apply 948 FUlmore su, cor. McAllister.
ARGAIN ; FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT;
if sold this week; living-rooms; no agent*
R., box 18, Call Office.
CONNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
yj business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine,
©OflA BUYS HOTEL AND BAR; RENT
«JpZUU $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth st., near
Potrero aye. : car stops.
FINE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Market. 15 Grant aye,
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IN
XJ vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TVTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
.Li close to ban Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. vr
qqq HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE of this
OOU Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
•v^TnTpriVyKS^^""' ------
DECKER'S RA B" rtTr?s ' ~~ ~
27-room house $700 22- room house... $600
10- room house.. 160 24 rooms, corner. 7&0
65 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms ou Sutter. 700
11 rs., must sell 20^ 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DECK 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
M. SPECK &CO., 602 MARKET ST.; 16
. rooms, near the Maze, Oars 860,- $350; 40
rooms, worth $1500, only $600.
1 r A ROOMING-HOUSES: 10 TO 125 ROOMS;
JOU cheap. . UNDERWOOD CO., 765 Market
MUST SELL AT ONCE; 14-ROOM, NEWLY
furnished; all rented, bll Van Ness aye.
9Q-KOOM HOUSE AT. A BARGAIN ON A<t
£0 count of change of business. 11 Kddy st. A
FURNITURE FOR SALE. '
AMON'KY-RAISING SALE- 30 DAYS ONLY.
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 50
Solid oak dining chairs 75c
4- room furniture outfit; ; $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid .' ..'.66c yard
snitlKK & eIIIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant aye.
A(\(\ CARPETS: -CHAMBER SETS, $11.
a UU steves, $5: parlor sets. *20: folding-bed v
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household (roods: new or kooJ
us new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings.
BUCKINGHAM FL'KNITUKE CO. — LOWEST
J> prices: furniture, carpets: all erades. 866 ilUs'n
. CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G.H. STEVEN^
M-r. 38 and 40 Kighth st. ; telephone South 250.
W' iIEN YuU BKCOME DISGUSTED WITH
poorworksend toSPAULDING'S PloneerCa^
pet-beating. Works, 353-57 Tehamast.; tel. So. 4 J.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANINO CO., 402
JtV Sutler; tel. Main 394. GtO . WALtOM.piop.
T WATTS, reliable carpet- clean ing renovtg. alter-
O . atlon works. 408 McAllister, lei. Jessie 321.
CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth ;Vel. South 36. Mackintosh ife Co.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET-CLEANIN«. CC^.
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7*.
CAKPE1 -CLEAN ING. 3c; LAYING, 3c: RUQ
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. st ration, 19 Bthsu
KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WOKK-i
\J 333 Golden. Gate aye. Telephone East 126 L I
BICYCLES. y
IP OR SALE— TWO BICYCLES A^T~HaTf
X price. 2100 Market st.
■VTEW STEARNS. BICYCLE; USED ABOUT 6
-Li times; for sale terribly cheap If sold at once.
616 Geary st.
BEN HURS, BRAND NEW, $46; BARGAINS
-in . second-hand . wheels. : DAVIS - BROa»
cycle department, 26 Geary st.CITY RE.U ESTATE. .
GH. L'MKSKN A CO.,
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 Montgomery St., near Market
BAROAINS-JUST RKCEIVED.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE CHEAP.
Sin onn KDDY ST - c of van nkps
JjJU.OU''. aye.: a modern 3-story house of
11 rooms and bath: brick foundation, etc.: lot 25
387:6; this is teally very "heap; a good home,
and only a few blocs r m Market Bt.
S.OUTH SAN FRANCISCO.
I MAA COR., 60x100: STREET WORK
IUUU. done: level on grade; ready to buila
ou- liandv to 3u-st. electric toad.
p., IFIC hEIOHTS RESIDENCE. .. . .
<a»"^iin VKKV CHEAP; 2-WTORY BAY-
>oot'" windjw residence of 7 rooms, ba.h,
etc.- 24:5x87:6.
NEAR VALENCIA AND SIXTEENTH STS.
r..), |||, PRICK RKDUCED; 2 STORY
rJp^UUU. bay-window house of 7 rooms ana
bath, etc.; no reasonable oft.r tvIII be refused
FoRECLusUKa SALE.
fl|i (-.iiA POSITIVELY No REASONABLE
C it)UU. offer will be refused; one of the
coziest homes in the -ity; uay-window cottage of
6 roujns and bath; bricK. foun atlon: stone walks,
etc.; i:5x137:6: one of the best locations in the
Western Addition.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT.
Si ROM Dui.oßF.s -ST.: 50x105: COM-
O' OUU. manas sweeping views of almost en-
tire city; will subdivide
DOWN, 1 OWN INVESTMENT.
(H.O ON ONK OF THE PROMi-
*£)£'U.\J\J\J . neut streets: north ot and only 2
blocks from Market St.: 3-story building of "JO
rooms; V!5x.37:6: offer wanted.
GOOD M btSION BiJSINK.-S CORNER.
<st7nOn COMPARATIVELY K£W BUILI»-
-tip • UUU. ing in store at.d living-rooms, and flat
above; bay-windows; brick foundation, etc.: rent
$38; naif of lot vacant; 3 flats would nia*e thu a
splendid investmeut; in a good business locality;
69x65.
COTTAGE.
Q-jXHII NICE MODERN BAY-WINDOW
*3^iO\J\' . coitagi of 6 rooms and bath: brick
foundation, etc : street accepted: 26:6x102:6:
fashionable neighborhood in ihe Western Addi-
tion.
MARKST-STKEKT LOT.
$'■ PliiH BUSINESS LOT: 15:10%xll0;
• O"\J. this is large enough for store ana flat;
offer will be considered.
A FINK I.\Vh>T..,i:.VT.
<3i9i F\\ nkar FILBERT ST. and MONT-
x£}£iK.tJ '. gimeryave.; house of 4 tenements
of 3 rooms each; rent $40 per month; this prop-
erty pa. s fully 1 per cent net above taxes, water
bills, insurance, etc.
RKHiiOND HOME.
©Jlinn AN ELEGANT NEW EASTLAKE
«3f)"±Uv/U. residence of 8 rooms and bath; elec-
tric bells and tag lighting; lau.idry: all moderu
improvements and con venietxes: 25x.20; handy
to 6 lines of streetcars; we can arrange easy terms
if desired.
GOOD LOT FOR 6 FLATS.
ti X A|»n PAOK >T.: 44x137:6: ONLY A
UUU. f w blocks from Market st; this is
really a cheap lot.
ANOTHER ..O.'D INVESTMENT.
< H\iU\ NORTHEASTERN part of THE
C"t"UU. city; 2 houses of 2 flats each; rent
$540 rer annum; pa\lngat least 10 -per cent per
annum net on the investment; lot runs through
to rear street
PARK RESIDENCE.
llvOOf) .11: MERINO ON THE PARK
*- \J\J\J . Panhandle; an elegant nearly new
modern residence of 11 rooms and bath, etc. ;
•j5x95; tb s Is very cheap.
Tv clos-e AN estate.
<l<*nn KEN I' 5192 PER ANNUM; 2
OIOUU. flats and lot 30x100: In a good lo-
cality; South sat. Francisco; handy to 3d-sueet
car line.
See our auction ad In another column of «ale to
be held a esraotn to- • orrow at 12 o'clock m.:
call at office tor catalogue.
Call at the office and obtain ore of our "Real
Estate Records' which contains a list of proper-
ties for »ale in all parts of the city.
G. H. IMB EN & CO., 14 Montgom-ry st.
SHAINWALD. DUCKBJEK <£ CO., xtliAr. j:a-
TATK AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$4000— Good 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath
on Clay- st., opposite public park; lot 1:5x127 :bVi;
lot alone worth price «sK*-d.
— Prominent business corner near park
panhandle: St. ire and flats; renting for $100
monthly; lot 25x100.
$2250— G00d bay-window cottage on Sanchez
St.. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x80 feet; easy terms
If desired.
$soOO— Rents $25 monthly to good tenants; two
fiats on C ara s  b°t. 3 1 and 4th: lot .5x85 feet;
bant mortgage $2100 can remain at 6 l /a percent.
$3500— Western Addition cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; lot 25x185 feet; Washington si.
$5260— Grove st., near .Buchanan; residence 8
rooms and bath: to 25x137:6 feet
$-000— 8200 cash, balance $10 monthly:
modern cottage of' 5 rooms and bath, with a good
stab c; o 25x125: Dame st
$950— 5 th «vf.; price reduced; bet. Point Lobos
and clement: 35x120; cheap.
$I',o<jo -Taylor St., near Geary; 3-* tory and
basement bui din?: rents $900 per .<nmini.
$1600— Stevenson, near 14th: .oiSbxiiO.
$1500— Jessie,' near Ridley; o: ~t.\~ X
158000— Business proper. y on Fol.-.om st,, near
12tn; store and flits; rents $55 net; Jo: 25x87:6:
. offer wanted. .. . . ; .",
$3750— Modern 2-story house on Hartford st,
near 20th; 6 rooms awl bath: rented at present
or $-0: tenant pays wa er; lot. 25x126.
$600u— Gool *2-sto y bay-window house of 7
rooms and bath, sunuy side of Post St., bet. Pierce
and Scott; rented at present for $35 mouth. y.
$16, 00— Leavenworth-st. business corner; store
and flats: renting tor $149 monthly; one of the
finest business corners K. of Polk st. ; full particu-
lars at our uili c.
$11,500— Van Ness aye. residence: 2-story mod-
en; louse of 10 rooms and bath: large lot, 50x
i37:6feei; Van Nes-> aye. bituminlzed.
$85uO— Washington st, near Bro^erlck; new,
modern bouse of 8 rooms, bath and riniahe 1 base-
ment: pre.tiiv decorated a. id frescoed; lot. 26x
li7:BV* feet
*2700— Oak St., near Park Panhandle: lot 25x
137:6.
$3500— Good, substantial, modern 2-story house
of 6 rooms and bath: street bitumen; small cash
payments; balance 820 monthly.
$700- 21s; St.. near Hampshire; lot 25x70.
The above is only a partial list We will be glad
tciurmsh a complete list on application.
Sil A I N \VA i . BUCKBEK & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Alias oul.ding.
(TJO' Ann RENTS $207 50 PER MONTH;
— '). y'\>\>. Mason st , near Sutter; 53x112;
good buildings. __ _
&O' (\f\f\ SIXTH ST.; RENTS 8218 PER
C-O.UUU. mouth.
<Sf\ P. f\f)r\ PELL ST., NEAR WEBSTER;
<£>±O.\Jyi\J. suany side: 55x120. to Linden
aye.: nice residence on Fell ><t. with 30 feet of lot
vacant; 4 nice 2-story bay-window houses on Lin-
den aye.; rents 935; owner lives in Fell-st housa,
C-QQA 18TH AYE., NEAR CALIFORNIA
t^DO\J. st; 25x120.
Qinnn KACH : LOTS 30X120 each ON
C -' l 'B'li aye., near C st.; street graded,
sewered and curbed; electric-cars pass the prop-
erty.
<J>/ (}(\ A BARGAIN: HOWARD ST., BE-
O' O iVr. t ween sth and 6th; 3-stor- building
and lot 22x80: store below and 11 rooms and bath
above; rent $56 per month; street accepted; lot
alone worth tbe money.
© I 1 nflfi Howard ST., RET. 8D and
tjtl L."UU. 4th;N. side: 40x80, mid 2s:ory
brick; should be changed into business property;
this is a decide 1 bargain; rents SCO net
©9£nri 125x120: CORNKR POINT LOBuS
>, -O \J\f. and 31 si aye.; ill cut up into 6 l"tB:
street sewered, grsuJeJ and macadamized; lots on
grade; a good purchase.
<& 1 Z\flf\ SOME GOOD LOTS ON THE N.
tjs l O\JyJ* line I f Point Lobos aye.. near Boyce
it. beyond Central aye. ; 28x100 each; on grade;
street work all clone.
Cjorn p;:h FRONT foot FOR tee WE,
*S>£.tJV corner of Pacific aye. and Baker st.: any
s.ze to suit purchaser; magn Scent marine view.
Oil A?; A. EACH; BEAUTIFUL LEVEL LOTS;
tip l\JtJ\J sunny side Lombard boulevard; 25x
137:6 each,
QKOn EACH: LOTS2SxIOO: ON BELGRAVE
V \J\f\J aye. and Clarendon aye.: tine view; easy
ier ms. O. D.BALDWIN & SON, :
118 Montgomery st.
/TO LEABK OR FOR SALE.
Nob Hill lot; Sacramento sr., bet. Taylor and
Jones; 3bx9o: high fence may be removed;
.tenants wanted underlease :or term of years.
$5000: reduced price; Bowie aye.. near Howard
»nd Eleventh: 8 fine, mod- rn flats: rents 8528
yearly: $2100 mo tgags can stand at low in-
terest
$,W)O: fine Western Addition corner lot:
-charming marine view. 4Jx120; half casu.
Richmond lorn; c men and cottages- easy
terms; some snaps to be had now. '
Ji - X JPi.KHLM \N. Re»l Estate and Insurance
Agent, 415 Montgomery B t.
%9nn rASH AND BALANCE MONTHLY
tJp^iUU will cure a fine home of 7 room* ba h
etc.: ita: le ior7fcor«es; wt-11. windmill and'tank'
lot 50x100. street work done: lo.at-d nr 30th
and Mission sts. Apply to 3207 22d st., after
(fcKr.dd REDUCED FROM $6600: A FINE
tuUOVJyJ. 2-story 8-room house; Ashbury »■
near Waller. " * "
♦-.-•7 SO— 4 flan; new; on Car line; rents $42.
$:-800— 2 fiats; modern; park panhandle; street
bltuminized.
$1200— Cheap at $1500: 4 lots at Lakeview, one
bloc* from electric road and track.
KNGLI H<fc MORRIS i-.V, 628 Market st.
Qjl f\ PAYMENT'— IF Y'»U WANT CHEAP
C v and good bulldl ig lots, new hous-s, new
cott:ges, modern convenient *s, on your own
terms, call this day or soon hereafter on J. T.
HA, RIH, Park View Hotel building, cor. 9th aye.
ami li su sou h side Gol.ien Gate Park, within
400 yards Midwinter Fair grounds.
<£ 1 1 f\f\ FOR A 4- ROOM AND BATH COT-
t2)J IUU tage with lot 26x100 oi the Misslon-
st Electric line; $160 cash, balance $12 per
month. W. W. REDN AL.., bul der, 2312 Market
/ i RKAT BARGAIN TO THE RIGHT PARTY.
\J $50 cash a d balance monthly will secure a'
new cottage of 4 rooms and bath Hid modern im-
provements, near the Mission -street tars; price
f IdUO. Apply to 3<:07 22d st.
CITY SEAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, KKAL .ESTATE
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st
/"CHEAPEST PROPERTY O'" THIS MAPKFT;
\J Braunan St., near Ist; covered with good im-
provements; double lot. 50x80: only $6500.
A A IN-MUST SELL TO CLOSE ATE ;
» ' sth, pear Folsom: 100x75: covered with
houses; only value of lot asked— wit, $150 per
loot.
SIXTH, NEAR HOWARD: STORE AND
IO flat: first-class busin ss investment; offered
cheaper than anything on this street
(m-| " QAA WEBSTER, NEAR O'FAR-
rIO.Oi'U. rell: modern Improvements in
flats; we:i rented; lot 50x137:6: half cash.
CPI AAA OAK- ST. BUSINESS CORNER;
£hIr).UUU. store and flat; lot 30x85: first-
class investment. „___
Hn\VARD ST.: VACANT LOT, BETWEEN
Bth and 9th: 55x85; only $200 per foot allied.
&Qf\r\(\ FILLMORK, NR. MCALLISTER;
ijToUUv/. elegant flats, renting for $65; lot 25x
87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY: N LINE HAVES
st., near Franklin; lot 25x120 to rear street
sure, flat and rear house; offered cheap.
©7^nn REDUCED FROM $9003; PARK
rjp I «JUU. residence; N. side Fell st, near
Broderick;9 rooms and bath: 25x137:6.
<2!f<f\(\(\ PAGE, NEAR BRODERirK; RESI-
cOUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
87 ;6.
(JCnrA GREEN, NEAR LAGUNA: NI E
tj'U^.OKJ. home of 7 rooms and bath; lot 23:3 x
100.
<2}F.f\f\(\ HARRISON-ST. CORNER, NEAR
<j!c)UUU. Bth: 60x40; pays $46 per month;
good improvements. __ __
<£ A CrtA '<* FLATS; LOTT ST., NR. GOLDEN
»!r*TUvU. Gate Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$408.
IQ^n FLORIDA, NEAR 23D: 29x100: 2
— O\J. flats and large barn, renting for $34.
innn SHIPLEY, near 6th: RENTS
$45 per month; substantial building;
lot 25x75.
GJQCnn CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
tjpiii \J\J, 3d aye.; 6 rooms and bath; in a rap-
idly Improving neighborhood.
©Qf^nn ALABAMA, NR. 21ST; MODERN
<3)Ot)UU. cottage: 5 rooms and bath and base-
ment with 3 rooms; lot 25x100.
nLEMKNTINA ST.. NR. 4TH. : TENEMENTS;
\J rents $47; lot 25x80; only $3500.
(DM (Af\n NICE COTTAGE HOME IN
<JP 1 OUU. Holly Park; East aye. ; 5 rooms; lot
24x108.
©1 4f\fi COTTAGE AND LOT; SIEGEL ST.,
<P±-iUU. near Con land aye.; 25x70.
C&O^.nn COLLINGWOOD. NEAR 20TH:
i <$£O\J\J. 27:6x100; contains 5 rooms and
bath; large basement.
&9nnn YORK-ST. COTTAGE. NR. 23D;
0 — UuU. contains 6 rooms and bath 10t26x
100.
Q9ftnn ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
<J)^OUU. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and locust; 37:6x107:7.
88500— Paste st, hear Baker: 75x137:6.
65x117 :6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 234.
$H6oo— Pine «t., cor. I.yon; 31:3x80..
*240'J— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$4000— i ryant «t, corner o Harriet: 26x75.
il:050— near Scott : 25x117:8.
$2000— Belvedere, near Waller: 25x120.
$1800— Sanchez st . nr. 16th: 25x:00.
$1000— A st, near 14th aye.: 85x144.
$1300— 2 d aye.. near California St.: 25x120.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
S7Uo— loyce st., nr. Point I.obos: 25x120.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st. .
A. H. Lissak. ' O. K. VOX Khkix.
OF. YON RHEIN 4 CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street
68:9x137:6— way, .near Montgomery aye.
$.o.ooo— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 with an I.;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house: rent* 8117 50.
$15,000— naves, n<-ar fill more; 35xi37:6; 3 fine
flats, each 8 rooms and batii; rents *105.
$10,000— Corner Lacuna and Fulton: 50x110; 2-
st' ry house: butcher-shOD flats: rent 865 50.
S9ouu-Haight, near fc-teiner; 25x112:6; 2 flats,
13 rooms and bums; rents 357 50.
$760...— Capp. near 15th: 35x75; 4 new flats; 18
rooms and 4 baths: ren i $69.
$7 LOO— Oak, near Webster; 25x87:6; 2 flats; 11
rooms and ■_' baths: rents $50.
$6500— Green su, nr. Montgomery are. ; 22:11.x
68:9; 8 ba. -window flats, 17 rooms and baths;
ren s $57 50.'>3SS©S
$6000— Union, near Dnpont; 23x68:9; 2-story
house; 8 tenements; rents 852
45500-Green, near Powell: 37:6x90; 2 S-story
bouses: 15 rooms and bath: rent $46.
$4000— Was.'nnzton, near Powell: 20x57:6: 3-
story residence: 10 rooms and 2 ba:hs: 2 fiats:
rent *40. - - . -. . . . -•■ ' •■ •
$4500— Julian aye.. bet. 14th and 16th; 39:10 x
94: 4fla s; rents $42.
$«SLO— iilst, near Guerrero; 26x114; 2 flats:
rents $39. '
$4000— Kearny. near Green; 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats, IB rooms, with s'abl-: rents $39.
$3750— Perry St., near Third; 25x75; 2 flats: 8
rooms and baths: rents $33 50.
» 36oo— Leaven worth st., n«-ar Val!ejo; 20x68:6;
3 flats; 11 rooms and baths; rents $33.
$3500— Tehamast, near 4th; 25x80; front and
re»r bouses; 6 flats; ren B^3.
$3300— Union st., near Mason; 2 flats: rents 840.
8310J— Stanyan, near Giattan: 80 feet by Irreg-
ular<iepth; tar tally occupied by house; 5 rooms
and bath: rent $16.
*2900— Jersey, near Diamond; 25x114: 2-story
h- us"; 2 flats; 9 rooms and bath: rents $25.
$2750— 24 th. neur Diamond; 25x114; new cot-
ta c: 5 rooms and bath.
$2600— ErJ« st, near Mission; 2-story house; 7
rooms and bath; 25x85; rent $18.
$2100- Valley st, near Church; 27x114:6; 2
flats: rents $16 50.
3900-Harold aye.: Ingleslde; 25x112:6; cot-
tage 4 rooms; ren $10.
. ! UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 61x
117:6 loan alley. ' ;,»::': ■.
Fair Uaks and 25tb: 30x100
§0x70; Jessie s:., between 13th and 14th.
'J3x 65; stt-venson. near 14th.
•Jix9s; 4 lots; -Cth and Yori.
$75 JO— McAllister, near F.llmore; 40x137:6.
30x120; 5 lots: Precita and California ayes;
near Folsoru st.
$4160— Ninth, near Folsom: 25x100.
$4000— Polk and Union; 27xb7: make offer.
$2250-Uiiion, near Stelner; 28:4x100.
. $'.oi;o— Hancock st.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
rnak PROBLKM SOLVED.
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
O<)(\ ACRES ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
«-> — "' Railroad, near Escalon San Joaqu n
County, Cal.; under Stanis am canal; level and
tertlle; suitable to alfalfa, sugar beets, grain, fruit
(Including oranges), vegetables, etc.
PRICE ONLY $40 PER ACRE.
A COLONY,
MAY UTILIZE THIS SEASON.
Persons desiring to join one. by bnyln? for cash
or In exchange for city property, should apply at
once, and
For further particulars address
McAFEE BROS.,
Real Estate Brokersand Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st, San i-ranclsco.
ALFALFA LANDS TO LEASE FORA TERM
XI. of years: level, fertile loam, under canal;
near Esc-ilou, San Jo&qutn county. Cal., by!
MCAFEE Iii'.OTHKKS.
108 Montgomery street. ban Francisco, Cal.
JOHN PI- O i It. 328 MONTGOMERY ST.. OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers tor sale:
-812,000-Must be sold; i!-story double-flat house:
9th St., near Mission.
$8000 »i I buy a modern built new house In one
of the iron valuable blocks on Pacific aye.
$16.500— Ren. $12« ; Post st, near Devlsadero;
lame lot with 7 houses.
$10,260-O'Farrell st., near Taylor; substantial
2-story, bay-window; bet stores ;"lot must
be sold.
• 6200— Business property: fine 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 6 and 6 rooms
npstairs: on Geary st . near Stelner; rent $47 50.
$31.000— Kddy st , near Mason; store and lodc-
lng; 26x137:6: rent $160
437,000— Business property; stores and flats-
paying $ 300 per month.
DWELLINGS. . . .
$8500—4 fine flats, 2". bocks N. of Market st ;
On II: more st, and lot «BxBl :6.
$6000— n Eastiatie nic- 2-story bouse on Treat
aye., opposite Garfleld square; large lot, 49x112:6
to street in rear.
$4600-3-flat bay-window h -use, 1 block, from
Market St.: lot 25x110. rent $56.
$4500— st.. near ltjth; 2-story modern
built 8-room lions?; o 25x1L0.
*6500— Kent $ iO: 2 double Hats on Geary su in-
side or BaKer: lot 28x125.
$1300 — House and lot on De Long aye., 2 blocks
south of Panhandle, Park; 25x80: a bargain.
$7600— Fine modern residence on Pane <t , ne»r
entrance to Panhandle, park: lot 27x137:6.
$6600— Nob Will residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
810.0 jO st: substantial 3-& tory house;
12 rooms; bath: brick loundation: lot2sxlbo. -
(3000— Seventh at-, near Bmnnan; lot 25x75,
with improvements: renting at $39.
UNIMPROVED.
$1500— corner 23d aye. and A St.; 53:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner .'ot on Fillmore st. *
SBoo— Noe st. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
<m7|?UV $4000. $4000.
«JpIUUU. On easy terms: $500 cash, balance
monthly Installments; new 2-story modern home
of 6 rooms and bath; California st, near 6th aye
Owner on premises or n-jply to sHAIXWAiD,
BUCKBEh & CO., 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills
building
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
CITY SEAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
(Successors io BALDWIN A HAMMOND).
GUI Q flirt CHOICE BUSINEBB PROP-
(FIO.uUU. erty: Taylor st., nr. Kddy; lot 25
x9O; 2 good flats; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; a good
buy; rent $80.
<SidC\f\n AN OFFER WANTED; GOOD 2-
«JpDUvU. story bay-window residence: 9 rooms
and bath, etc. ; all n.odern improvements; Oak st,
near Pierce; lot 24x120. ..-.= >..- '•:.-
NEW RICHMOND COTTAGE. ■■
©OCA A NICE Ni-.W 5- ROOM BAY-WlN-
ijT^. UU. doiv cottage; high . basement and
bathroom: lot 25x120; one-half cash; 4ta aye.,
nr. Clement st
BIG INTEREST.
© 4Cif\(\ GOOD BUSINESS CORNER IN
(P'iOUU. the Mission; 3-story building, con.
talnlDgrstnre and 4 rooms «nd bath; also 2 flats
above of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each: all rented;
total rent $52 50. :/>/ ■
A BARGAIN.
<Ul'7£.Z.f\ NEW FLATS; JUST FINISHED:
«IT • OO' '• sunny side of Page St.; contain 6 and
7 room*, etc., each; rent $67 60.
FACTORY SIT*.
CL'QAAA GRKAT BARGAIN; BRYANT-ST.
«Jrt/UUU. corner, near sth; tot 75x75; 4-Story
buildlug, suitab.e for facto y purposes.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
©QCAA RENTS $103: STORKS AND
OOV\f. tL*U, all rented; large. lot, 42 feet
from, on Natoma »t., bet. 6th and 7th. ,
©OH AH GREATLY REDUCED PRICE;
tJIZUUv/. Cilpperst., near Sanchez; sunny cot-
tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
$> CAn 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW REB'-
• *.)\JV. dence. 6 large rooms and bath; lot
25x137:6; Golden Gate aye., near Loll st.
THE BEST COTTAGE
I FOR $2750.
A new up-to-date bay-window cottage of 6 large
rooms, porcelain bathtub, tiled sink, handsome
mantel and all conveniences: your own terms; we
it at once, it's a beauty: Dolores st., bet. 26th and.
27th.
VERY CHEAP LOTS.
©1 £AA EaCH- 2 LOTS ON N. SIDE BUSII
tlr I (JUU st, near Lyon; each 26x175; street
work done.
ANOTHKR CHEAP LOT.
©1 A(\C\ RIDLEY ST., NEAR DEVISA-
ijpI'dUU. deio; size 25:2x114.
Q*7nnn clay st., bet. buchanan and
tj) l UUU. Webster: spiendli Vi -room resi-
dence; billiard-room, etc. 10t 27:6x103.
PROBATE SALE.
©97P\ft CORNER LOT: 25x106:3; HAVES
(jp.£lU".and Clayton sts.; lot adjoining on
Clayton; 25x106:3; price $1900 only.
rr»Q9Kn 8500 CASH, BALANCE MONTH-
Kj£)~.iJ\J . ly; 2-sto y bouse of 6 rooms »nd
bath; near Mission and Nineteenth sts.; rent 926.
<BJ 1 C nnn HANDSOME 2-STORY BESI-
«J{S 'O. UUU. dence on Clay st., near Gough;
let 56x130; a great bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
OTICE OF CHANGE
II IN PRICKS. «'-:'.'?..
ibepr.ces will be advanced on February
15. 1897, on the unsold lots in the blocK
bounded by H and 1 sts, 9th and 10 haves.
The urlces are extreme. v low, end the lots
are s>ld on your own terms. We ad v ise you
tv see this property at once; the o:s are sell-
ing Hue hot cakes; there are now only 11 left
out of 50. If you do not hurry you will miss
this splendid opportunity to make money or
secure a choice; esideuce lot. Renemter
i!. is bloce. fronts on the pack, and streets are
on official grade: lots level. A good many
bouses have been started, and more to fol-
low ; gas and water.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ANY ARE SAVING MONEY
XU AND ARK BECOMING INDEPENDENT.
ARE YOU?
Take a pleasant ride on the cars to-day and Bet
the Castro-st Addition; note the many buildings
in course ot erection; see bow others are obtaining
the r own homes: nearly 160 lots have been sold;
prices $350 to $400; urms $5 monthly; streets
graded, sewered and mac&d»ruized.
Take Mission or Valencia s.. car*, transfer at
14th to electric road; transfer again at 30. St. and
ride 6 m mutes to the corner of i astro and Cbenery
s:s. Agent on the ground Sundays Call at our
office or on K. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second St.,
cor. Mission. BALDWIN A HoWELL.
■ 10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS.
$226.
$26 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
We have just subdivided the block bounded by
10th and 11. h avts, N and O sis.; prices $.26
each for inside lots ami $350 for corners: terms
$25 cash, $10 monthly: i title perfect: near the
Allillated College^: bound to advance in value:
buy a oi and put aside $10 a month; it will pay
you well. BALDWIN & HOWKLL,
10 Montgomery st.
OVEE, TOY & bONSTAG. ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full Charge
Taken of Property,
30 MONTG. MERY ST.!'
rtOC AAA A FINE BUSINESS LOT. NEAR
tS>ZO.UUU. city Hall. 60x137:6 feet; this Is
offered at a bargain toceie an estate.
© £A A LOT ON SCOTT ?T., NR. FULTON,
<Jpli«_)UU. faring public park: lot 50x110; this
is a choice lot and for sale cheap.
©19 t\C\f\ A SPLENDID INVESTMENT-
iV I jli.'"'\J. corner on Pine st.; store and 22
rooms «bove: rents $150 per month on a lease;
ibis Is a great bargain nnd must be sold at once;
property worth at least $17,000.
©OkAA TWO-STORY FRAME BUILDING
iJiuWU. on York st, near 22d; lot 26x100;
house 6 rooms and bath. ''.•'..:
Q. QOAA COTTAGE AND LOT ON CHURCH
— ''V/. St., near Clipper; 6 rooms and bath:
lot 26x85 feet.
<£7nn TO $900— ON EABY TERMS: LOTS
•o> i U< ' ou Caliiornla st. and adjoining avenues;
Richmond district.
C XQfjn DEVISADERO ST., NR. HAIGHT;
q wOUU. flue modern 2-story residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 26x106 feet
aj.or\rvA COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; GLOVER
»3* J.\J\j\J • st., near Jones; in good condition.
|nO|)A COTTAGE HOUSE; 8 ROOMS;
-OuU, almost new: small amount of cash
and balance on eas? monthly installments; 3d
aye., near Calif srnlast : see this to-day; a bargain.
For further list apply to
BOVKE. TOY & SONNTAG. 30 Montgomery st.
POUR LOTS GONE. ~~
Our offer of last Sunday of 1 7 lots at $450, $5 a
month, sold 4 of them during the week; only 25
more days in which to buy nt these terms:
$5 A MONTH.
8450-LOTS IN THE HKYMAN TRACT— «450
$6 A MONTH.
Choice lots; 25*118; level and ready to build
on; situation superb, commanding a fine view:
half a block to 22d-st. cars: 3 blocks to Castro-st.
cars; good neighborhood; close to schools, stores,
etc. ; right in town, not away out of reach.
13 MORE LOTH!
25 MORE DAYS!
Take 22d-st. cars to Hoffman aye., ask for James
A. Co.ter, who will show you around. . '
JACOB HKVMAN. Owner.
11 Montgomery st.
BTH AVF..NR. POINT LOBOS— 4 CAR LINE*:
0 a wcottKge. 5 looms, bath, atticand basement;
stabie; lot 2^x120: Instalments.
Buchanan st., Pacific Heights: marine view;
elegant ouy-window; modern home; 7 rooms;
bah; cheap: owner leaving town.
$■-( 00— Business corner on FoUom st. : store and
flat; 25x70. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont ornery.
$1 1 £\(\ A BARGAIN IN A H ME; JUST
01 1 «)" '. built; 4-r.>om and bath cottage, with
large basement, all new: close to Mission-st car
line: down; $12 50 monthly. JACOB HEY-
AN. owner, li Montgomery at
at- Ar(\(\ CHEAP: MISSION, NEAR 20TH;
ip rtOvVJ. large lot. full dep h, with good im-
provements, paying good interest on Investment;
must sell. .
»10,500— Fine Western Addition corner with 10-
-room house: oppos tea small park; cost $14,000:
must soil: large Ot 65x110. .
$21,000— A <orner residence on Pacific Heights;
worth 830,000: no flue location.
J. W. WKIGHT & CO., 628 Market st.
BEAT BARGAIN; FINK LOTS SOUTH OF
VT park for $250; small payment down balance
$6 or $10 per month; purchaser gets benefit of
$160 already paid. H. C WaLKKR <t CO.. 202
spreckels bul uing, 927 Market st. . .
©1 ,(HASH «ND$2O MONTHLY— ROOMS
O-» " -' and bath; coaage built latest Improve-
ments. S.j2 Jersey st, near Castr >. ;
C '.vidll A BARGAIN: ELEGANT PAIR
t]j UOUU. of nearly new 6 and 7 roomed flats;
rents $600 a year: lot 26x137 ;6; McAllister St.
Owner, box 71, Call Offlc*. J
PKDUCKD TO $4t00; MODERN 2-STORY
It residence; 7 rooms:' 3 mantels, etc.; easy
terms. 846 Castro st, near^2d.
SUNNY HOMES; 8500 CASH; 2-STORY, 7
rooms, bain, gas; frescoed; plastered
basement; $3600; open daily. Geary st, near
took. •;"'" ■ : ■ ■■...•..-■,.
<n.fjrrvrk RITCH ST., NEAR FOLSOM;
vy>.*j\j\J . rents for- $4O: go down and loon at
this bargain: 2 houses. McKWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st. . .',;.;. :i :
TIT ANT ED— NEW MODERN COTTAGE, 5 OR
Vr 6 rooms, bath: lot not less than 25x100; price
not to exceed .JU000: small payment down, bal-
ance monthly, fnsuilments: i or lot '45x114 or
deeper: price not to ex. eed 1800; on installment.
Addre>s ii. 8., box 77, Call Oflice.
© A AHA FOB "ALE OR EXCHANGE. ,
fJuUUU, New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bam: high basement; - brick
foundation: bay windows; lot 5^x160. ■ \
U. H. UMBSEN * CO.,
11 Montgomery it,
CITY REAI ESTATE.
E ASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
I.\ Vr.BTM- MS.
CHOICE PROPERTIES.
ALL KG A INS.
f Q'Afi NEAR SHIPLEY AND 6TH STS.:
i£D~iJ\J. store and rooms and 2 flats above:
rents $43 per month; mortgage of $1700 can re-
il& n; lot 25x75. .
<Sl 1 Q AA A ELLIS ST., NEARLAGUNA; 3
<P-LO.l/I.»U. flats of 7, 9 and 10 rooms and
bath; rents $100 per m n.li net; lot 25x120 to
rear s reet: both streets bitumiulze.i and accepted
by the city; mortgage of $6000 can remain.
<BKinn.fl CALIFORNIA ST., SUNNY SIDE,
tJpi'UUU. near D»vlsadero; 2 flats of 6 rooms
and bath: elegant surroundings: always rented;
large lot 27:4x132:6; mortgage of $1000.
Qirr/iA COR. SACRAMENTO ST.; 3-STORY
mUUU. building, store and 4 rooms and 2
g6od flats of 5 and 7 rooms and bath; m<a<-rn;
sireet work done: must gel ; mortgage of $5500.
ffl.C AAA BIDLEY ST., NEAR MARKET: 2
•irOl/UU. modern fla s of 6 ai.d 6 rooms and
bath: rents $43 per mouth: street titumlnizea.
MODERN RESIDENCES.
LOW PRICES.
GOOD LOCATIONS.
(JJjQfr A PIVEPT., NR. OCTAVIA: FINE
«JpC«J U. bouse, 11 rooms and bath; large lot.
i0x137:6 feet; street work done; good surround-
ings. .
JT.f'jrnA NR. TURK AND DEVISADERO
tJ)c)«JUv. sts. ; ba window' ho use. of 8 rooms
ana bath; sunny side: fine lot, 27:6x137:6 feet. '
GfcQAAA CHEAP HOME NEAR 3D AND
<POI'UU. Bryant sts. ; substantially built: cost
over $5500; can be changed ln.o flats at small ex-
pense and made to pay well; lot 27:6x85 feet.
rAA CASH. BALANCE OF $1750 ON
<J; O\fVJ easy payments: fintt cottage of 6 rooms
ana bath: near 24th and Douglass sts. ; close to 2
car lines; garden front ana rear; lot 25x125 feet.
LOTS. LOTS.
LOTS. LOT?.
LOTa LOTS.
CMAAA OAK, NR. DEVISADERO: 50x
<P3UUU. 187:6; must be sold; make offer.
fl»i rrvA SCOTT, NR. UNION; 27;6x126:9.
©O^AA FULTON. NR. BAKER; 25x137:6;
— "iUU. street accepted.
©tlylAA NR.ALVARADO AND NOE{ 101:10
JJpZtbuU. xll4; cheap.
©OAA A GREEN, Ml, PIERCE; 25x100;
<lp£\)\J\J. must sell.
e>OAAA CLAYTON, NR. PAGE; 25x100:3.
»|Onn DOUGLASS, NR. 28D; 60x100.
©1 7£H 19TH ST., NR. CHURCH; 60x114;
«JpJL lt)l/> make offer.
© 1 Of\ A COR. CHINA AYE., NR. LONDON
C-LOUU. 75x100. _
(HlonA COR. ON BOTH AND LAIDLEY;
tjpIZUU. 85:6x125
ffIJQAA NR. DUNCAN AND DOUGLASS;
<JI)OUv/. 60:11x114.
A POSITIVE BARGAIN— TWO BE 'UTIFUL
level lots. 2oxloo each. 160 fee from Mis-
sion street and the electric cars; must be sold. For
full description address A. 8., box 84, Call Office.
I WANT TO BUY A SIGHTLY BUILDING
1 lot at Sausa'.ito. 3., box 42, Call Office.
at I A FvfMl COST $13,000 4 YEARS AGO;
tip I\J.O\J\J. rented lor $78: magnificent cor-
ner residence near the panhandle, containing 12
rooms and all modern Improvements: a splendid
bargain. H. .MUnI'UY, 628 Market st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REAL, ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
mAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
J. purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever wilt
again. $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS;
41. IAA $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS;
0 ' '"'• no grading; near Mlsslon-su and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $6 monthly.
$1 r $100. $150 TO $800; CHOICES 1' LOTS
tjp 10. south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments.
dj.tjCA TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
<P^i)U can positively suk you in location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ <k BROTHER,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
CC BEMIS,
. real estate and land agent, " *'*
. 324 montgomery st.
FOR SALE.
Choice bnlldlnslot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
C4so— Sun Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
50x127 :6 feet on Jackson sb, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
lark; 25x137:6 electric roaa passes houses;
make offer. , - ,
8500- Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— W. cor. Fifth ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
pOOD LOTS CIiO-E'TU THE UNIVERSITY
*JT in Berkeley to exchange for cotia.e in San
Francisco or vicinity, or small mi it ranch; value
$2500. Ad Hess L., box 26, Call Office.
(JT» I /-rA WILL BUILD A FIRST-CLASS 6-
»iPIU«JU room and basement cottage; porcelain
bath; wood mantels; brick oundation, etc., com-
plete. • ' 450 for 5-room cottage. Call and see
plans, specifications, etc.; same submitted tor any
kind of building. V\ . W. REDNALL, builder,
2312 Market St.. near 14th.
T/OK SALE ON EASY TERMS-MODERN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.; hoosei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard- room
and 4 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every room;
see them to-day. Take ilaight or Ellis street car,
let off at Masonic. -ye.: owner on premises.
MONEY TO LOAN.
©or A A TO $10,000 TO LOAN ON OAKLAND
\if)ZiO\J\J first morcgages at 8 per cent interest.
HUGH 31. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland,
Cal.
T LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
£Lm in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no <ommlsslous; no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
—PKIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, In the secret of our success.
1 tit-rate i.oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance .-,09 Market st.
HIGHLY KKSPKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamond* and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
U 'no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68, l)ononu>? bldg. 1170 Market, su
fltQQVnfift. AIViJAKK rate-.; IST AN
cl.Uvv/ 2d mortgages, estate*, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market si.
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON i-MALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
1 OANhO.N* REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
I.* of Interest. JAS.IJ.Bi OOKs, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
itIVATK PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X securlty.low interest. H.D., box 160, Ca1l Offlc*.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
(UJ r A TO $50,000; LOWEST KA'l'K: IST & 21)
(TptJU mortgage . fiat or Instlmnt Dry den, 635 Cal.
4 DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS.JKWELKY.KTU
A Columbia Loan & collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
x >VEiiK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS— THJB
J\ WEEKLY CALL, la wr*Dr>er. for mailing.
PAWNBROKERS.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, BIL-
rates. Natl. Loan, 133Taylor |
HIGHK^I ' PRICK PAID iUH IAISI OFP
! clotbins. i < osmopo'ltan I Ofßcp, 49 Third.
PROPERTY - TO : EXCHANGE.
■^ThOUsES~Xn Juv" LOTS. FKOM $200~TO
UVJ $2M.OOO: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
T| r HO WANTS TO TRADE LAND FOR GOOD
TI patent?, Address Patent, box 7, CalL ..-.- <o$
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O forniilo. WnQKTRIt A WHITToV, Wan 3ay>.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TIfHAT HaVE YOU TO EXCHANGE FOR
T» . quity in fine Oakland house ? Prefer ranch,
vacant lots or gooa mining stocks. C. MONROE,
24 Market St., w»n Francisco.
-\\T ANTED— HOUSE AND LOT IS SAN
TT Francisco or Alameda County for 1% acres
in Mill Valley: value $lh()0: would pay balance
taau. Address F. It* box 25.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN CO. '
. , DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dep't.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
JI>Q PER ACRE FOR 400 ACRES GOOD
OIV grain land near Locicford, Kan Joaquin
County : 135 acres now In grain; 25 acres ready to
be seeded: some summer iallow: with house,
bum and outbuildings:, sold to close an estate;
this is a great bargain. vv>-Ji-
©ifrnA 25 ACRES LEVEL VALLEY
<p-dUUU. land, 3V a miles from Napa; 15 acres
bearing orchard: choice varieties good bouse
completely furnished; and outbuildings: with
all the stock and tools and agricultural imple-
ments on the place; a profitable income place lor
about half what it is worth; would exchange for
San Francisco property.
JjQCAA FUR 24 ACRES NEAR LIVER-
tJpGtJUU more; 14 acres In orchard: good im-
provements, with all the stock and tools on the
1 ' C OLFSKIt,L TRACT. LOCATED ON PUTAH
WOLFSKII,L TRACT. LOCATED ON PUTAH
Creek, Sulano County, near Winters: the ear-
liest fruit and vegetable land in the Mate; we are
s Iling 'M to 60 acre tracts of this celebrated ranch
for C3O per acre, one-quarter cash, balance in 8 an-
nusil payments, at 6 per cent interest; send for de-
scriptive circular.
WHY PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN YOU
can buy it without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts the land ? . ,
. At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres y 2
a mile from railroad and 84 of a mile from New
England Mill* Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin, Placer County. 1 hese are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grapes. ; No payments down, but pur-
chasers r< quired t'» improve properties: interest!
from date of purchase, paynble annually in ad- |
vance; payments on the purchase money to com-
mence 4 years fiom date, payable in annual pay-
ments, to be increased each year as the places are
improved. . .
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres In Te-
hama County has been surveyed in. o 4U-acre lots
and will be sold at $15 to $20 per acre on terms of
1-6 down, the balance to be paid In ten annual in-
stallments at 5 per cent on deferred payments. <If
any one should wish to purchase the wboie of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchase price. •
These three properties were taken In on mort-
gages, consequently are sold for half their former
value.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fe CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building.
AN ELEGANT COUNTRY HOME
NEAR LOS ANGELEa
Will exchange for San Francisco property; 60
acres highly improved and In first-class condition;
15 acr>-s In oranges, prunes, apricot* and giapes;
over 20 acres in alfalfa: an abundance of water;
modern house of t- rooms; barns and outbuildings;
stock and farming Implements: value $15,u00.
EASToN, ELDKIDOK & CO.,
638 MarKet St. '
SANTA CLARA. SANTA CLARA.
60 ACRES
In the city limits of Santa Clara, all In vineyard
and orchard,
TO BE SOLD IN SUBDIVISIONS OF 2%
ACRRS AND UPWARD.
Only $260 to $350 PEi: ACRE. BEST BAR-
GAIN IN THE STATE.
CITY WATER; ELKCTRIC LIGHTS;
Electric cars: beautiful location.
For maps and further information address
SHAINWALD, BCCKBKE <fe CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery at., Mills building.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Hon. B. D. Murphy's subdivision of the great
Murphy nomeste d, near Mountain View; this Is
without doubt the finest property being offered In
the state; situate on main - line of railroad; 40
mile- south of * en Francisco; 5 miles to Stanford
University; 8 miles to bun Jose; 16 passenger
trains daily; soil deep sandy sediment; all cov-
ered with magnificent liveoaks; there are now
many fine young orchards growing on the ranch;
It cannot be excelled for prunes, peaches, apri-
cots or ch-rries. For full par.iculurs as to terms
and prices write. CROSsMaN & OR VIS, Sole
Agents, 42 East Santa Clara st., San Jose.
A GREAT BARGAIN: 160 ACRES OF
fruit and vineyard and: value about *1UOJ;
partly Improved: will exchange for lodginir-houae
or will sell for very email price to any one that
will secure me a good job in city. Address FRANK
MARTINELLI. 600 Krancisco st., city.
OOfl ACRES GOOD LAND IN TUOLUMNE
iOU County: also 160 acres, Mariposa County; I
plenty wood f>nd water: cheap tor cash. R. 8.,
box 71, Call Office.
<£9(IAA A BARGAIN IN A FINE RANCH
JF^iiyjyj. near Antioch; 40 acres; 10 aero i in
best quality of almonds, 4 years o.d. McEWEN
BKO&., 118 Montgomery st.
FJRSALE— 1200 AIRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fenced and improved. Inquire N. A.
iiR 1 TON, Williams, Cal.
LKGANT VINEYARD: RARE BARGAIN;
would exchange. Rm. 70, Columbian building.
aTo RENT — LOVELY LARGE COTTAGE,
X barn, chicken park, etc.: six acres every vari-
ety fru t; Lodi, near StocKton. 64 Murphy bldg.
i(<H-.m:kk FARM, UTJMBOLDT COUNTY—
JOU Bare chance; very cheap. A. JOHNSON,
47 facrnmento st.
HOMESTEAD LOCATION: NICE FOOT-
hills: fine view: «100. 531 California St.. r. 1.
BARGAIN— 26 ACRKS ' CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter ve^etab $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs. $ 5 acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasamon,
Alameda County, call or write, 57 Chronicle
building.
L"INE SUMMER RESORT: 20 ACHES ROLL-
F inir land, with 10-rooui modern house, good
barn we I, w.ndmilland tank: fine family or-
chard; magnificent view of val;ey and bay; 2
miles from town; price, $5300. Call on or ad-
dress P. \V ILBEKT, Hay ward, Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch: best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Oflice.
BARGAIN; GOOD HOICK, $1200; 154 ACRES;
X> best part of Monterey; goo ' house, barn, pure
water; cultivated to wneat; portion of crop to go
with ranch. D., box 91, Call.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE ■TO TOWN; IM-
JLj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
SKNI) FOH ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California Unas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— S3OOO WORTH $5000; BUSI-
1\- ness corner; 5'J feel; store, fiat, shoo, co:-
-tage: $38 monthly.
A bargain: $3100: residence 8 rooms; lot Six
150: 3 blocks 14th and Bioadway; bank $2000.
A bargain; $700: former mortKune: 8-rO'jni resi-
dence and barn: lot 28x107; Frultvale station..
A bargain; $376; chicken ranch comp.etely
stocked in i-rniivak"; cow, In rse, nckawuy, t-tc. ;
crop lease of 516 acres; hoi se; 1. w rent.
A bargain; $5000: elegant colonial 10-room
residence:. furnace, ever.' convenience: 50x140:
built fora minister; cannot occupy it; terms sat'O
cash.
LAYMANCE REAL 'ESTATE AND IN VEST-
MEN COMPANY, -it?>3 Eighth 6t., Oakland.
ARE CHANCE FUR A NEW HOME AT A
bargain— We will build you , a pretty cottage,
with all latest modern improvements, on lot 2&x
104. sunny exposure; superb location; rig.it In
heart of . town; - can select your own plans; for
$2750:0n1y few hundred cash, balance in monthly
installments: don't delay, as we can only offer
two of them at this figure. WM. J. DINGLE, 460
Eighth St., Oakland. .
Oil QAA RANCH OF 16% ACRES, VINE-
<JpJ-OUU. yard, family orchard, house, barn,
etc.; in heart of Napa Valley; grapes paid $400
this year; former price $6500; mortgage of $25 J0
foreclosed: will bell now for $1800. ALDEN &.
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Ai\i\ ACRES GOOD LAND, ALL CI EAR, TO
*±\J\J trade. ALDEN & CO., 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
©1/f A A MODERN COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS
«pIT:UI/. »nd bath; with burn: right in Oak-
land; part cash. Add. Owner, 108 4tb St., Oakland.
QOAAA SPLENDID COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
tJp^UUU. rooms; lot- 40x128: s:r«et complete;
lawn in front; flue barn : and gravel drlv way.
HUGH M. CAMERON. 479 Ninths.., Oakland. :
(go A A CASH, WOKTH $-1000: NEAR LO-
tJ)ii<;Ul/ cal; 8 rooms and bath. West Oakland;
also bargain for $2000. renting for $30 per month,
Central Oakland. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
I'VE BEKN TOLD SO. BUT WOULD LIKE TO
X investigate for myself— A handsome 5-room,
high-basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry:
bard finished; very modern; fine lot, and all com-
plete iors9so; terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots also can be had' for $75 and upward: streets
all graded; electric roads near and fine school-
house; Allendale Tract, In Frultvale, adjoining
East Oakland : climate, soil &nd view unexcel.ed ;
conveyance free. 469 -Ninth si., Oakland, H. Z.
JONAS, owner. ' . . • .
(II; 7 TO $160 FOR- CHOICE BUILDING
Olt) lots la the • town of jitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward 4
and Han Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 46 minutes from San Francisco
and - 6 minute* from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: -terms-, to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK, owner, Ul5Va Washington st.,
Oakland, Cal. .
"utt-l -. A LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
iOv. Fruit vale; electric cars: only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY owner. 902 Broad w»v. Oakland.
SUBURBAN BEAL ESTATE.
A LTA PVNTA TRACT; ; GEM OF THE BAY
4» District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 miles north
of Berkeley,' 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes from
San Francisco;' lots 50x-"0J: from $100 to *'JOU;
Installment*: send lor a map. UEORUE W.
H AIG JtlT, 220 Sansonie st., S. V. -.'■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ATiAMTCDA. KiiAL rSTATR.
GO SEE THRSE TO-DAY: YOUR TERMS
are ours: own your home.
Graud bargain. $>'J5O; handsome cottazn, 8
roonn and bath; just completed; latest design;
brick mantel: open plumbing; corner lot. BOxloO.
#a7SO-Artist c cottage; b room 3 aid bat i : all
latest improvements: lar-as iot, 57 feei frontage:
close to Grind-street station: your terms urt> ours.
*250' —Handsome new colonial cottage; S rooms
and btth; a little gem.
MARcUSE & i.EMMEL, Bay-street station
(broadgauge). Alameda; 6.'8 Market St., S. F. ;
ofiVeopen -und-iva and holidays.
j AKGAINfr--S3O P RFOOT;LOTS ON NORTH
I ' wide San Antonio aye., near Grand su
*1 250— 50x150; -an J<>s«> aye., nr. Wiilow st.
$1750—50x150 new modern hou--e. 5 rooms
and bath; norm side of street; ni us. be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
AL*MEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda.
T7<ORECLOSURE SALE TO SATISFY A
J judement for $23^2 06 on Monday, February
8, at 10 o'clock a m., at the Broadway entrance of
the Courthouse or the County of Aiameila, a sub-
stantial modern five-room co;taie. with 7- foot ele-
vation and unfinished attic, built by day's work
for owner: also, a fine 2-story stable, 2 stalls;
lot 40x131; street and sidewalk uoik done. 1036
Regent St., near Calhoun Alameda.
L/ EAUTIFUL MBLKBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
J> aye.. near Grand St.; houst', 10 rooms and
bath; 2 years od: price $70UO: or will exchange
for San Frai.clsco. EASTON. ELDRIDGE COM-
PANY, 688 Market st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
rAOTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, SANTA CLARA AYE..
\J Alameda: 2 minutes broad-gauire station, 3
minu es narrow gautre; refitted throughout; targe
garden. Apply 817 Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
CuL
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IfOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR LOTS OR
ranch; pretty 5-room cottage; modern improve-
ments; lot 45x110, barn, etc. ; nUe locxtiou; handy
to train and electric-c rs. Ad. box 113, B< rkeley.
<J£ I fcftft HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; LOT 45x
«Ip J- UUu. 125; street work done: five m . nutes'
walk to siat lun. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley
station.
LOS AN(il Li;s RtAL ESTATE.
Ij>Oß SALE— IN LOS ANGELES. A CHOICE
business lot, on tbe easterly side of Spring
street, between Fourth and Fifth, adjoining hanu-
some three-story b icn building of Los Ange.es
Athletic Club. This lot is 60 feet froutage. and
contains an area of 9900 square feet, with existing
Im; -rovcni'-u s of a well built itOroom lodmn :-
house ana a barn in the rear, and is off-red for
sale on terms of part i nsh and remainder secur d
by mortgage at moderate Interest: price $36,000,
ab ul $3 63 per square loot, which is a lowur price
than any pioperty oi similar eligibility can be
purchased for. Address, Tbe Investor, 4 Brysou
Block. Los ■ ngeles, Ca .
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and school of Instruction (incorporated);
Pi>A lICA.. and I\ DIVIDUAL instruction in
th«- latest improv.'a methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process, eta; SPECIAL
A'ITKNTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell st. ; elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Ociavia St., San Francisco,
MISS F.LIZA MA KIN TOSH, pupil of Professo:
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scot; and, and gradu te
of the school of Oratory, Phll.;d"lph a, Pa.,
teacher. Ol'ice days, Tuurs. and Sat. p. vi.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 'M teachers; 15,0uu gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery St.; individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta
lite scholarship 950: low rales ocr week and mi
PAINTING AND ETCHING— J. M. GRIFFIN,
exhibitor In the R. H. Academy, etc., has re-
moved his studio to 1514 Sacramento St., nr. Lar-
kiu. Call aud see work.
PIANO TAUGHT; 6 MONTHS: NEW
method; $2 50 a month; special attention to be-
ginners. 323 Hyde st.
EUROPEAN CLUB; FASHIONABLE SO-
< iety w riling, reading or piano; $1 60 amontb.
917 Polk st.
PIANO, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUM AX,
banjo, BOc per lesson. MME. PHCENIX, 622
Clay s •. room 20.
T7LOCUTION AND DRAMA; DEI.BABTB
JiJ thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
Bp.m. OLiVE HOFF-SCHKOKDEK,299Hydest.
BKLASCO'S LYUKDM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theairlcals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
IJOOKKEKPING THOROUGHLY IN ti WEEKS
■D or year's course free: only accountant teacuiu*.
"AKK. room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUBINE^S
College. 723 Murket St.; stuoents trained; office
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MUCH., ELEU,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archtt., X ray
taugiu;es.lB64. A.VAN DER NAILLKN.723 Mkt
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
i ai.i. taU-n at branch office, 339 Hayes St.;
open until S:3O o'clock.
T ADIES' SINGING CLASS: TUITION FREE.
±.i Apply dall-, 4 to 6 p. v., 310 Post st.
SPAN ISH.FHENCH, Etc.: Prof. DkFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 32o Post st;eslab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, (ierman languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DANC-
Ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st,
BANJO, PIA.-O. MA.VIjOLI' AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c 125 Tenth st.
\ r UILE, DRAMA, ORATORY; PRIVATE AND
clais. Prof. ROSS, Donohoe bids;; 12 to 1, 7 to 8.
PROF. L. RA.N KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
lnundola; terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GLi'iAR. MANDOLIN, PiANU AND VUCAi-
lessons, $3 ma Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
1 iOOKKPNG. NVRITNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
It diiv <t night: nor!a'sp«: 95 month. 845 Mission.
MEDICAL.
ABURE. SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
ah female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and sucCMSfnl practice, A home In confinement
with b st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and state their
case. AH consultation free and confidential bole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-ienowed rem-
eay for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWYER,
22tf Turk su
R. J. H.JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPEC lAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services to :h • un-
fortunate. Wl.li a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
d:-e»s.- in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a peifect cure. Ladies. lie Is always ready
to assist yon His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
toyourdelic te organism is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female mont.ly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. H s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In their
action, and are warranted tor both younz and old.
He enceis all other* i ■ curi* of private diseases.
Over 50 v-ears of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all case.i. Consultation pnrlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market St.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what caase; no elec rlcity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure Is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience: home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. da VlKts, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. h. to S and 7 to 8 P. x.
LADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
royal Plils (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," lv letter by return mall;
at druggist* Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
AI'ROCESS HAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause iv a lew hours when medicine*
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; t'rs;-class private
home for confinement. MRS. VI. DA.UEY, ll'ii
Market St., over the Owl Druj Store.
NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INsTßU-
ment or worthless pills used: every woman
tier own physician foral female troubles, no matter
from what, cause; restores always in one day :caa be
sent aud used at home; all cases guaranteed : do
not trust Incompetent female physic. ans. DR.
POPPER, the we.l-k(iowu pioneer, :ilB Kearny su
X FOU LET'S 'FRKNCH CAPSULE 3 — A
guaranteed absolute euro for all female dis-
eases (no nia.ter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no uangr or after effects: taken In time l;
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt ut prica WALLEIt
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
R. AND MRS. NV'EGENER. 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; senaratr
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers; best care: terms moder-
ate; consultatioti free; plils $2.
DRS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LAOIE-*.
near or far, *af<>, qu ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or coii plain.; home for patients; bes' skill;
free diagnosis; low fees: set cure. 401 Nau Ness
aye., fiat D.
DU PRAK's FEM ALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient eminenato^ue: $1 pet box.
RICH ARDa & CO-idruKgists, 106 clay si., Bole ngts,
. MEDlCAL— Continued.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours; safety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers; home in confine-
ment: consult free; confidential; hour*, 10 to 6,
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post «t., near Larkln.
A LFEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
xV ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
I and sure; $2 60 express C*. O. D.; don't delay until
! too late. O-^GOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DB. JORDAN AC
bis museum, 1061 Marie?: St.: bis SO years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
I the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
<sjxaa paid FOR a case i FAIL to CURE
<3)«JUVJ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. BOOT! , 8*0 Geary
I ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
i\ at the most reasonable price in the city. MBS.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom St.
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVATK) HOME; DIS
• eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTH CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Klghth st., Alamed*
j IV IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
Isee MRS. .DR. PUETZ and be content. lbi\^ 4th.
! I HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NtAU
! ' * Jones. Diseases of women and children.
::. . . . CLAIRVOYANTS.
T7"NOWLEDGE OF THE FUTURE
Is Power
For the Present.
— — —
Your Future Foreto'4
By the Queen of Prophets,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
Permanently Located In This City.
Honest, Fearless and Capable.
She fully realizes the responsible position In
which her remarkable gift places her and will ex-
ert herself to the utmost to please and benefit her
patrons.
If you are in doubt that she can and will per-
form all she claims feel yourself Invited to call
and she will give you more substantial proof of
her marvelous pow^r than you have ever before
received from mortal. Do not fail to see her if
you are Interested in the affair* of life: if mar-
riage, slckn ss> deaths, changes, travels, divorces,
separations, lawsuits, business transactions, wills,
deedi and mortgages, lost or stolen property, hid-
den treasures, lost or auseut friends Interest you :
if you care to know what you should do to be sue-
! cessiul, where you sbould go and whom to avoM,
I when to buy and sell stocks, etc.— in a word,
I whatever may be your trouble, suspicions or de-
signs, call on this lifted woman and sbu will send
you away happier, wiser and bolder than ever be-
fore: she advises you with a cenalntr by a higher
than human power as to th- proper course to i ur-
sue In life: her descriptions of your friends and
| enemies are as real as though they stood before
you; call and t»st the madame to your heart's con-
tent and you will depart thoroughly satisfied that,
there Is at least nue reliable medium now In your
midst. Hours— 9 a m to 8 p m. strict
N. P.— Perfect sa.isfaci ion euaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for illustrated pamphlet, with special
t rmi, to MRS L.R. F. CLaKK. 3206 Market su,
j parlors 25 and 28. Tak« elevator.
'AC. 60c 50c. 6Mc.
' O\J Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, worl i-
j renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
. ture, guide your affections and secure you infallible
> luck la love courtship and marriage: business
I and mining investments a specially: positive proof
I of accurate predictions given. 1 Fif.h St., room 1.
MME. LE NORMAND, GREATEST CHlR-
voyant In the world, peimanently located
where she can be consulted on all affairs of Hie;
lite charts from $1 60 up; reading by mail 50c. la
order to reach alt classes and suit the times I have
reduced my price of prlva c sittings to 25c. i all
and be convinced Cut this out. Office, 1 Polk st.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sura
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
\f ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOV-
-IYL ant card-reader; born with double veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading: ladles, 50c: gents. $1; palmistry %nd
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 126 TurKsU, nr Jones.
MRS. BAYLOR, BUSINESS AND MINING
medium, clairvoyant and oculist; reads by
mall; gives Information concerning Inventions:
fee 25c up; poor people free and welcome. 135
Hayes at.
ALICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent 128 Seventh su, top flat.
MISS MEL VINA. CLAIRVOYANT. PICTURE
I'l of future husband or wife. 50c. 766Va Howard.
MME. HANSEN. PALMIaT, CARD-RKADER;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 5.
G\ PSY LIFE -READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st, nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 60c.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY ;
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth
MME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; lee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
pO-N CHITA RETURNED; WONDERFUL
\J card-reader. 138 a Fourth st., room 4.
pONSULTTHE LUCKY MEDIUM; 26c; ONE
\J price. 41 Minna St., uear Second.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA
dies, 250: gents, 60c 951 Mission, or. 6th.
MRS. DEAN-RETURNED: MEDIUM AND
. mental healer. 605 Post st., room 1.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BEST- KNOWN CLAIR.
voyant in the city. Residence, 132 Turk st.
ME. SYBILLK TELL? FHuM CRADLE TO
Brave: pictures given : ladles 25c: I*l 4 O'Karrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
CAC ■ 60C - • 60C 60 C.
OU Miss VAN DE VERE IS HERE.
THE SCIENTIFIC WONDER OF PARIS.
A GREAT FUTURE WILL NOT SEEK YOU
Unaided by those elements so essential to suc-
cess— starling aright, proper advice on the course
to pursue through life and the constant attendance
of o cult power exerted to break the spells of ad-
versi.y that will be cast around you by evil and
designing persona constantly plotting your down-
fall. ; ■ .
Remember, the only woman who has given uni-
versal satisfaction to the people of the effete capi-
tals of the Old World will remain In this city but
a few short weeks.
To a great extent the welf ire of your family and
friends depends upon not only your business in-
vesunents but upon your securing happiness In all
affairs certain! -to love and marriage as well.
You cannoi afford to be weighed down by evil
i fluences when MISS VAN DE Vl RE can re-
move them by a mere wave of the hand.
Consult with and confide your troubles to the
marvelous Parisian wotuer, the savant of the
century, And she will show yon how to win the
affections of whomsoever you may choose. Let
tier lead you to he hkunts of Dame For une and
success will smile upon you. --tSSSSJ
Do not spend your days digging away for a bare
sustenance, when your misdirected energies may,
ii set aright, be made to yield large profits. Con-
sult this born seeress; perhaps the wealth and
happiness of a l.othsuhicl or a Rockefeller await
you. Write, - Inclosing $1, 1 Fifth St., parlor 1.
Cut this out. :
iv». C. J. MEYER, CIR, TO-NIGHT, TUES..
Wed. and Frl., '£ p m. ; trance dr., on. and
Fri. eve., 25c: sittings dally. 326 McAllister su
MilK. i SMAN. .11 UAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
Its. H. A. GRIFFIN-CIRCLES SUNDAY
evening: 25c; parlor-test meeting Thursday
evening; sluing*. 42oVi Grove st.
MADAME (RAY, THE WONDERFUL MAG-
i« netic healer, wants a few more patients. 142
Seventh St., room 33.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, DEPENDENT SLATE
ii. writer. 118 HaUht st.; hours 9 until Gf.ii.
Tut RS. KLLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
lv circles Toes., Frl.. 2P. it., 25c. 233 Valencia.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM BCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grtd.H Mesmeric Ins,6 O" Far re.l
. HOUSES.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
iU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horse
. Market, 327 sixth sU: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
' riIHE EMPORIUM BALES YARDS, 220 V A.
' 1 lencla su, is the place to golf you want to bur.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
tA HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
*J\J business from 900 to 1300 pounds. Old Turk-
st. car stables, 1301 Turk; must be sold.
I , P.j"W| BET NEW AND fcKCOND-HAND HAR-
I O\J\J ness: all kinds: bugey.waeon, cart*, snrrar
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
iJ-HOEsE 1-XPKI SS WAGON; IN GOOD OR-
x.aer-, cheap. 1619 mission st- |
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HOUSES;
D\J weight 1000 to 1700 bs. 862 Howard st.
' - WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
YEW ANDSECOND-HAND BAE£R, LAUN-
1> f'r/ and milk-wacon; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 8-8 Harrison st.
.CHEAPEST AND EEST IN AMERICA—
; V' WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for *1 60, postr
Nje Ue*. - —
1112
HOUSES TO LET.
' CQQ HAIGHT.9 BOOMS. B.VTII.LAUN-
UOu dry, cem-nt cellar, ere. $45 00
'.til l-oisom— l2 rooms, bath, stab'.e, etc... s4o 00
726 Shotweli— 9 rooms, 011 th V 30 00
462 Eighth uve-Blchmoud, new cottage, 5
rooms, bath $25 dO
17 Guerrero— 6 rooms, bath 522 00
1418 Fifteenth, near Howard— (s rooms.
huh $17 50
16 Lafayette— fl rooms $18 00
20 Ash "aye.. near Polk and McAllister— 4
rooms » ....$l5 00
1019 Capp— s rooms. .....$l3 00
12.12 York— Co tnge, ■> rooms, bath', stable.. 00
1940 Lexington Cottage.6 rooms. batn.if 12 00
422 Canp— 4 rooms $12 00
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st,
A NICE HOUSE, 6 ROOMS, BATH: CHEAP.
429 Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
T.URM-HKD HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; REF-
X erence required. "533 Mission St.
HOUSE TO LEI. ANDERSON <fc CO.,
Twenty -ninth and Sanchez sts.
qr'f' TWENTY-SECOND, NX. D LORES-5
0000 nice sunny rooms, bath; cheap; $12 60.
n ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY. SUNNY
i aide of Glen Park ay. : in excellent repair and
very attractive: $;.O. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st.
LACES TO LET AND FOR SALE IN ALL
1 pans of the city. PATTERSON & CO., 91
Valencia st.
1 A 1 LEAVEN WORTH. SEA X WASHING-
I-±U-± lon-9 rooms aud oath; $30.
fl» 4f\ 1731 BROADWAY. NEAR GOUGH-8
tJpTU. rooms; every convenience: marine view.
GKEATLY i.EDcCED RENT TO STEADY
tenant: newly renovated; painted; cabla
passes. 707 Mason St.
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS (REAR), 1310 LABKIN
st. Apply 1318 Larkin su
OUSE OF 9 SUNNY ROOMS, COR. PIERCE
XT and Elm aye.. nr. Turk: $32 50.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED: $3. SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
<U>9A 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 8 BOOMS.
«pZU. $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
$14—1833 Union; 4 rooms.
C BOOMS; 533b Si-.COXD ST.; $15 PER
0 month. Key at 539 - ecoinl st.
7 ROOMS; 537b SKCOND bT.; »17 PER
1 month. Key at 539 Second st.
ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
O provements: 45 Federa s.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 .-eco.id st.
HOUSES TO KKNT FOR VERY LITTLK
money at BAJLDWIN v. iiAiIMONi I '-* 10
Montcomerv st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
5 -ROOM SUNNY COTTAGE; LARGE GAR-
(ien chicken-house: modern impiovements:
rent $16 50. 317 Clifford s l .. nr. Castro.
"I m») TURK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO
10—— 3 rooms rear; large stable.
C»7 AND $9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
0 I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
Bt., or G. U. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; KATE; BA-E-
-ment; yard: reut cheap, iio.ores and Fifteenth
FLATS TO LET;
in -r VALENCIA— 6 ROOMS, BATH. .$2300
1U . O 537 Howard— *> roomi, bath $22 50
1143 Valencia— 6 10 .ms, b>tth *2iT 50
3629 Sevtnteenm, ear Dolores— Upper 7
ro mis. bath; near y new $20 00
1609 tirk-fi rooms, batb $2J 00
90 J Shut well, cor. Twenty-third— Upper, 5
ro ms, bath $18 00
3167 1 wecty-fojrth, near Howard— Middie
6 rooms, bath. $18 00
115 Hermann, near Valencia and Markets
rooms, baih $18 00
5Va y, urr s i.ye.— M ddle 5 rooms bath $ltf 00
lib Dorland, near Seventeenth a:.d Do-
lores-5 rooms $14 00
834 a Alabama— 4 rooms $11 1-0
W. H. CKIM & CO., 118 Montgomery s:.
!,KGANT SUNNY FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH;
lacs- Improvements. 3328 Twenty- lira: St.,
near Valencia.
'A- JONES. BET. O'FARRKLL AND GEARY
OUO —Furnished flat, either 7 or 5 rooms;
sunny.
< 1 ,Bl CHAN AN-MODERN CORNER BAY-
t/l*J window flats; 4 rooms; bath; cheap to good
tenant.
490 FELL — MODERN SUNNY BAY-WlN-
•J^Odow flats; 5 rooms; bath; cheap to good
tenant,
* ,-1 . (iFAKV-6 SISSY ROOMS; IN GOOD
JIC order: reut $18.
UNNY FLATS OF 4 ROOMS; KeNT $10.
4.6 Jrultou.
A 1 Hartford— cheap flats; 5 rooms
di and bat);; rent $10.
TO LEI— FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH: FUR-
nished or unfurnished. 1142 lurk St., nr. Jef-
Ik r.ou Park.
fljj 1 rv AND »13— NICK 4-ROOM FLATS AT
«E! J U 232 .Natunia st., nr. TUird a.id Mission.
UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
lo soin and Thirtieth a:s.; rent $-'0. Apply
113 i hirt-i-nui st.
CSS V FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; RENT $20. 706
Laridn st.
C; | (| AND *12— 3 AND 4 KOOMS: RANGE;
«S!SXU hot a colt] waver. WE. cor. aacramento
St. and Prospect place, ue.ir Powell St.
0 1 ( 1 LUUEK i-.LAT, 4 ROOMS, 4 CLOSETS.
Oi>'. patent 1 loset, huSKment. yard: water
free. 3641'reciiaave^ LeU Folsomand Harrison sts.
<• 1 - McALLI-'IEK-FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
010 bath; lernu reasonable '
■I A9l van NESS AYE. — fuhnishedflat
111- 1 01 li or 8 rooms to let.
1 i"Ji' GROVE — FLAT OF 3 ROOMS AND
XU^O bath; *7.
Sr NY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
$13; no children. LlO Turk St.. rear.
"\Tc.\V SUNNY UPPKBFLAT: 4 BOOMS; 8176
I\ 25th, cor.iolsum. J. A. ULBICU.4I Crocker hi.
(3ji 1 4 BOOMS; LARGE YARD. 1017 U.
«5 1 1 . Union St., bet. Jou<s and Lvavt-nwoitn.
HANDSOMK, SUNNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS; ALL
mo .em: cheap rent. 2027 t-acramento st.
Via; FLAT OF 5 KUOAIS; BA 1H AND MOD-
Xi era con\enlcnces; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
St., near J'uyes.
UPPER F. AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
Improvements; on Twelfth st: £20.
Lover nat 5 rooms: bath; laundry: front and
rear j*ards for flowers; $2- 50.
iFonr sunny ro ms and batn on Glen Park aye.;
second floor: $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off'Tweifth st.
(1; «> HYDE— MOSr J-.LEGANI FLAT
*J 1 O in :hc city: 8 rooms, bath, butler's pantry,
etc.; 5 minutes from Keamyor > arketsts.; $50.
Apply ;uAI;ISUX <V BL'I.KK, 616 Market st.
ABHTOS A GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
bW— 1231} Dnpont st., s uth ofVallejo; 8 rooms
and b&th: newly papered and painted; rent $20.
1 OWEBFIAT; 6 BOOMS AND BATH; MoD-
Jem ' em improvement's; rent moderate 1806O'Far-
rill st., near .Steiner.
9Q7' ARMY ST., NEAR SANCHEZ — 2
*)'J I O modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms: $15, $16;
new. 1
1 ELEGANTLY FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
Jj Miritiv belt of the Mission; to a rprmanent,
respectable tenant: the rent will only be $20 per
ruonth. Appy to KiNO & HOKN BLOWER, at-
rneys-at-la v, cor. Larkin and MCAU.ster sts.
1 C-l I JI MISSION Si., NEAR ELEVENTH —
101 On Bay-window flat: »> large, sunny rooms;
bath; laundry: rent, $22.
AT ICE SUNNY FLAT: 6 ROOMS; RENT
1> cheap. 1 307 Pacific st.
(JJjOii BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5 ROOMS:
tJP^O. bath and all convenience*. 625 Vallejo.
1 /'nil STKINKR— i OWKR : SUNNY FLAT
IUU- of 6 rooms; modern Improvements.
-I A(\Q CALIFORNIA, NEAII HYDK-MCE
I'JUO sunny flat, 5 rooms aud bam; rent $^b.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE BOOMH AND BATH.
Inquire 1616 Jackson st.
4 -ROOM FLAT; FKDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral St.: 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
mouth. Key at 539 .-econd st.
HEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
CUEAP MODKRN FLATS, b AND 6
rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
$15 per month; 2f i .lOV 3 Mission st. Apply «44
Capp at. • '\^gjSSi
Qii'Q AND $20: MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
<T ' O rooms. 94 and 86 belcher su, near & end
Fill more.
Q»l 1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS,
S»H. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth su, beu
Noe and tanchez. - '
T.l LAI'S TO KKNT i'OK VKKY LITTLK
X money at EALUWLX & liAM.ai.ONl/:* U
aiontconierr st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T/iil
WEEKLY CALL, la ivracuer. for mailing
ASTKOLOGV.
"\roUR LIFE-THOUSANDS TE*>TIFY I RE-
i vi »' past and future; send 2£c for character
sketcli and i!,s^a.-)fs; birthplace; year, sex, month,
hour, a m. or P. M- if possible. PKOF. iJAIKD,
A-J-T3.O,er, L'ciit. '£,' San Jose, Cat
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
* ; Broadway. « •
Af\Q BROADWAY — HOUSEKEEPING
riUO rooms nicely furnished; also single rooms.
Eddy Street.
91 EDDY- 2 LARGE FUBNISHKD SUNNY.
ZIO rooms for hous keeping. $14; also single,
j $4; '
/jat EDDY— 2 !»UNN> ROOMS: RUNNING
\}\J I water; complete; light housekeeping.
71 C EDDY— LARGE ALCOVE: 'I CLOSETS;
I 1 O gas and bath: light housekeeping.
tills Street.
QOn ELLIS— 2 SVALL ROOMS FURNISHED
Qu\J for hous> keeping; in tear; cheap.
Essex Street'
8 ESSEX, R'TNCON HILL— FLAT OF 3 BOOMS,
0 furnished or unfurnished; large yard.
1 lit Street.
1 07 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
1 U I rooms .0 let.
09.1 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
OZ'_ housekeeping; rent cheap.
Q9X FIFTH— 3 TO 4 UNFURNISHED OR
O£O furnished; single, furnished, $5.
1 01 bum Streeu
Cnr FOLSOM-LARGE FURNISHED SIN-
OZiO gle room; light housekeeping: $1 60 week.
fourth Street.
99fT FOURTH— LARGE FURNISHED. BOOM
—— O suitable for light houseiceeplns.
. 9Q FOURTH-* URNI^HED OR UNFUB-
CiJai) nished rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
Golden Gate Avenue.
99Q GOLDEN GATE A VE-3 SUNNY BOOMS
JLJLxJ complete: gas; bath; other rooms. . .
<^f\O GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ROOM »6; TWO
{. \JO housekeeping rco urn, $15. :
Grove Street.
•1 90 GROVE — TWO CONNECTING SUNNY
iZt/ housekeeping rooms; also others.
Hyde Street.
ri V HYDE — UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-01 I keeping rooms; sunny yard ; private fam-
ily: reasonable.
Kearny Street.
1 A/I KF.ARNY-5 FURNISHED BOOM^
lU*i and bath, $25; or board in exchange.
Leaven-worth Street.
99C LEAVENWORTU -LARGE UNFUB-
_— nished Iront room; running water; no chil-
dren: $10.
Lewis Street.
I n LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST—
10 $11; large furnished room and kitchen com-
plete; s:ove.
Linden v venue.
A 9/'B LINDEN AVK. -2 ROOMS AND BATH :
■i-j' l stationary tub*; private family; use of par-
lor; $9; there Is no sign out.
Market Street.
nrn MARKET. COX. STOCKTON— NICELY
OOu furnished front suites: suitable for light
housekeeping: terms reasonable.
Masuu Street.
iin MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
tIO ny rooms; sul.ab.e forilgathousetpg: mod
-.■.,,;! . . CO .
C)n MINNA— 2 BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
~O ing; furnished complete; rent reasonable.
«' I MINNA— 2 HOUSKKKEPING ROOMS
TUT en suite; separate entrance.
-A(> MINNA — FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS
OtcO for housekeeping; large yard.
Slibsion Street.
PP] MISSION, NR. SECOND— ELEGaNT
001 front, room with use of kitchen: cheap.
G»c SUNNY HOUSKKKEPING BOOM; SIN-
CO. g.e rooms, ?-i . 821 MU-iu>n st.
Montgomery Street.
F;97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
*)— ■ i until 8:3. o'clock; branch office of THB.i
C ill; subscriptions and want ads taken.
>»ioin>i Street.
91 r ATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS. fl
—■'■ O to $1 25 week; housekeeping rooms; $175.
O(\Z. ATOMA— 2 OK 3 FURNISHED FRONT
DUO rooms for housekeeping; hot water: single.
Mew Montgomery street.
•I fj£\ NEW MONTGOMERY -FRONT FUR-
XUO nisbed housekeeping suiies, $1 50, $1 75.
.Ninth Street.
91 BAY-WINDOW SUITE; FUR-
— 1 nisbed for light housekeeping; stove; run-
ning water.
Page Street.
"I Q PAGE— SUNNY FURNISHED AND.UN-
-10 famished housekeeping rooms..
i oik Street.
991 POLK-4 ROOMS COMPLETELY FUR-
Z^jt nlshed; housekeeping: bath and gas; $26.
-I 9-1 Q POLK— 2 OK 3 FURNISHED >NY
I— .lt/ housekeeping rooms; large front room.
j ot>*. Mreoi..
7"I C POST— SUITE SUNNY FURNISHED
t 1O rooms with board or housekeeping.
•seventh street.
3 SEVENTH— FURN I>HFD UPPER FLAT; 3
rooms; suitable for 2 couples; cheap.
Silver Street.
I r-Z. SILVER. NX. FOURTH — 2 SUNNY
1 vJO furnished housekeeping rooms. ; ■; ; i' -:..
Mini Street.
1 I C A SIXTH, COR: MINNA-3 OR 4 FINE
HO sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
'layior Mreei.
91 ft A TAYJ.OK— 2 s-UNNY ROOMS; FUR-
— iJ-V/1- nisued: use of kitchen: rent reasonable.
leliama Street.
AC%n TEHAMA —TWO WELL-FURNISHED
"^vi rooms tor housekeeping, $8; no children.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH— FRONT BOOM OB 2
light housekeeping; cheap. -
*«.ir. Street.
"I AO THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
xiO rooms; complete: bath: gas; $25 50 week.
'JAQ THIHD— SUNNY SUITE FURNISHED
OUt/ front rooms, housekeeping; $10and $12.
Twentieth Street.
Q£99 TWENTIEI H. N. AR VALENCIA— 2
OU— — sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
BOOMS TO LET.
California street.
rpHE VICTORIA, NW. COB. CALIFOBNIA
land Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single; rents reasonable: dining-room to rent.
Clara Street.
ICQ CLARA — 3 LARGE SUNNY FRONT
100 rooms; rent f8: water free. .
Clay Street.
3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO I>ET FOR
housekeeping; rent moderate. 1249 Clay su
Eddy Street. •
QA7 EDDY— rOMFORTABLE ROOM; 1 OR
O\J i 'i gentieaen; gas, bath; low rent; private
family. "ri-r - - .
C',(\\J KDDY — LARGE WELL-FURNISH
UUi) rooms grate; suitable tor 1 or 2.
BOOT— A KGii UNFURNISHED REAR
WO basement room: sun all day; garden.
I'll. EDDY— X LEG ANT PARLOR FLOOR;
UJ.O uufuruisbed; bath; hot and cold water;
good location.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — TNCAWDES-
cent lights in every room; reading-room, con-
taining daiy pa 1 era; smoking-room and ladies'
larlor; open all night: rooms per night. 36c to
$1 5.i; wee», $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30: fire es-
capes; elevator on ofhee lloor; annex Of 65 rooms
now ready : hot and cold water In each room; baths.
rruK HAMOXA, iso ELLIS, MRS.. KATE S.
1 ART. manager— a quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; tievator; hot & cold water.
4. /|'KLLIS— LARGE SUNNY ALCOVE
— U room: 2 large oli-se:s: running water.
79 I ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, SUITA-
4£i 1 ble lor 1 or 2: rent $7.
.Fifteenth Street.
1 fiQF-i FIFTEENTH— MIDDLE FLAT: ELE-
J.Ut/O gam bay-window unfurnished room; new
house.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
'Eighth Street. ' . ' , .
■1 Al EIGHTH. NEAR MARKET — FUJI-
lU2 Dished sunny bay-window front room. ; ;
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Fetl Street.
OJO FELL— 2 NICE SUNNY BOOMS; UN-
±rxO furnished; cheap. '
l'UHon Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Klegan suites or single, $8 a d 516 up.
ueaiy Strce..
-1 C)(\X GEARY— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
1ZU;» rooms; en suite or single.
01 7 GEAP.Y— LARGE FRONT ALCOVE;
OI I furnished tor 2or 3 persons : reasonable.
C*(\>-) G ARY. NEAR JONES-LARGE FUR-
\J\J£ nished rooms; $7; private family.
CHI GEARY— XhWLY FURNISHED BAY-
OU 1 window rooms; reasonable: new corner Hat.
QAO GEARY, COR. HYDE— FRONT ALCOVK
Ov/^j room fur gen.lemen.
Qr.iGK A V - NEWLY FURNISHED
t/O" sunny front rooms; . private family; with-
ou. children: references. ;
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. - PLEASANT
wl v sunny single and double rooms; moderate.
7QA I.OLDH.N GATE-NICE ROOM FOR
1 ij\f youn? lady, with another; board If de-
sired: us-- of parior; $5.
lirove Street.
A 1 7 GROVE, BET. GOUGH AND OCTAVIA—
Tl I Furnished room; suitable for one or two. ■
Harrison Street.
779- HARBISON. NR. FOURTH —FINELY
I I—l furnished sunny rooms; bath; yard;
closet; $1 per week. • ■
Hayes Street. .
T7URNISHED FRONT ROOM; RENT $4. AP-
X ply at 536 Hayes st.
Howard Street.
r «Q HOWARD -SUNNY FURNISHED
O*i rooms, single, $1 per week; double, $1 76.
/•no HOWARD .-.T.— SUNNY DOUBLE AND
D^jO single rooms with gas and bath; reason-
able.
090 HOWARD— FRONT ROOM, UNFUR-
OZiiJ nulied, grate and bath; also front room,
furnished.
UWO HOWARD CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
000 lurnl!«hed suites, $3 to a wrek: single beds,
$1 .5 to $1 50; double, $1 £.0 to $2 50 a week.
-1 ).)' HOWABD-3 FURNISHED ROOMS
Jtt^O tor housekeeping, with b.i;h; rent, rea-
sonable.
Jessie street.
910 JESSIE, NEAR FOURTH-BIG SUNNY
0 1 1 ) furnished rooms; $7 and ¥9 month; private
family.
Qfi-J JKSSIE, NEAR FIFTH-FURNISHED
00— front room: private family; $4 month.
Jones Street.
*;fi7 JON'KS-THK SAN WINKLE*. NEW
—U I management; elegant, sunny unites and
single; newly furnished: bath, etc : $10 to $30.
Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
A. Pleasant sunny rooms, en Mine and single; first
class in ever respect: ternii reasonable.
\Tk.W A\h.\tK HOUSE, »U4 KKAKSV ST.,
i-\ corner Jackson— single rooms 15,20,25,50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
Luikin Street.
097 LARKIN, CORNER GOLDEN gate 1
• )_ I aye.— Pleasant furnished or unfurnished ;
sunuy rcoms
A 9 LAKKIN — FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
*l — bath for reap clable peoi lo only.
1 QAQ LA KIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
IOKJU 1 oom; bath: cheap.
».*•»•> Un wo rrli street.
99"! LEAVEN WORTH - SUNNY FRONT
ZiSiX. room; running water, bath; $16; private
family.
lily A veil Ufa.
IQO LILY AYE. — NICELY FURNISHED
100 front single room: cheap.
Siaiket Street. . -
■VOPEMITT? HOTTOK. 1043 MARKKT — TKS
1 Menu Ksc to tFI : wo^lc. *! TO in $5: JnmlUfi.
aicAllif-ter Street.
99A1 MCALLISTER- NICELY FURNISHED
c.Z.\J-i rooms; also housekeeping rooms: rent
reason ab'e.
Q.I 9 MCALLISTER-OFFICES AND KCOMS
01- to let; Golden Gate Dye Works.
Minna Street.
/IQ-j MINNA. BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
101 Mcely furnished front rooms; $3 a month
and up; bo: and cold water baths. •
OUIJ MINNA. COR. EIGHTH- NEWLY FUR-
D") 1 nishfd bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Allusion Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family roomlng-huuse; $1 50 to $6 per week.
1 ftko MISSION — LARGE SUNNY BOOM
J UOO with grate; small room adjoining, if de-
sired: cheap.
1/ 97 MISSION — DESIRABLE SUNNY
1' — 1 room; grate; private family; suitab c
.for man and wife: r^ni reasonable
9^-1 r»1 MISSION— ELEGANT BURNISHED
•• OI Vg front room in private family; reason-
able.
Nj»iom 1 Street. .
('A ATOM A— FURNISHED BUNNY FRONT
Oi rooms: reasonable.
> In tli street.
nr\ NINTH, NEAR ITaRKET — FRONT
Zi\J suites and singles for 1 or 2 persons; grate,
gas; running water: light- housekeeping.
I 99 NINTH-NEW, CLEAN FUBs'ISHED
X— — sunny rooms, suites or single, reasonalle.
Oak Street.
T^LEGANTLY FURNISHED LARGE SUNNY
XJ front room: suitable tor 2; privilege light
housekeeping. 117 Oak si.
Octaviii Street.
1 A(\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— TWO CON-
I tfcvO n*-ctiiig bay-window rooms or kitchen if
desired; $18. " V /
o'i i.rr«ll tKxmoi.
Q9C O'FARRELL - NICELY FURNISHED
O — O -window front room, suitable for 2, $10.
1 uik >1 !■«•«_•..
1 90^ POLK . KE*K SUTTER — NICELY
Jl&\JO furnished front room: terms reasonable.
1 709 POLK. COR. CLAY— I- EWLY FUR-
-1 I ' '— . nished single rooms; sunny; bath; $6
and $8. - -
lost Street.
7I Q POST— . FURNISHED STONY CON-
I JO nectin; rooms: terms reasonable.
71 C POST (UPSTAIKS)- 3 FRONT ROOMS;
110 furnished; reasonable: permanent parties.
"I CAT POST— LARGE SUNNY ROOM: WITH
J. iJu 1 quiet family; also small single room.
 Towel 1 Street.
ILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL—
» » furnished rooms. '
911 c POWELL, CORNER GEARY— NICKLY
__») lurnlshed largo sunny corner room.
C'f\O POWELL . ST.— FRONT FURNISHED
DUD an to; sunny, convenient to town.
Second Street.
Q7 SECOND— WEBB HOUSE: ELEOJ \NT
O i furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
. Silver Street.
QQ SILVER - LARGE . SINGLE SUNNY
OO front room; reasonable.
Mxth Street.
QQ SIXTH — QUIRT SUN NY ELEGANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences;' fireproof building.
lflC SJXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
\.^%) furui.-hed sunny iront rooms. ■
9^9 SIXTH— FRONT ROOM WITH
fireplace; $6 per month. -
- bevenin Mreei.
1 A 9 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE-
J-^r— gam turn, suites, kitchen; Also single rooms
Sixteenth Street.
OQQ7 SIXTEENTH- ST.— RENT: FUR-
«-OO I nisbed room, wi.h or without board.
Stevennon Street..' .
7RR STEVENSON — : UNFURNISHED; 2
I OU sunny front rooms, suitable for light house-
keeping.
.ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MOCk; nil nl'ot)>.
rpHB EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON 8T FUR-
X nished rooms, en suite or single; hot, cola water
In every room: baths: elevator: transient solicited.
HI {' STOCKTON - NEWLY FURNISHED
liiU rooms; also 2 for offices; In a new hov e.
Sutter Street.
p.rvn BUTTER, COR. POWELL-SUNNY FUR-
«'"v/ nlsbed or unfurnished rooms. TeL main
6375. ;
Taylor. Street.
inn TAYLOR— SINGLE SUNNY ROOMS,
J-Ui7si6O; double, $175, etc.; parlor. suite
cheap.
11 9 TAYLOR — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
X. 1 £ suite, ient $12; single rooms $2 a week up.
I 1 ,v Taylor st. — handsomely fur-
-1 J-«' nished suite, privilege of light use keep-
ing, $20; also single.
Tenth Street.
10Q TF NTH ST.— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
J.Ui/ rooms; grate and bath; rent reasonable.
TENTH. NEAR MARKET - LARGE
sunny rooms; licht housekeeping If desired.
T ARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
XJ nished; gas and closet. 126 Tenth st»
Thirteenth Street.
A~\s>\ THIRTEENTH, NEAR VALENCIA-
tt i O2 Rooms for one or two gentlemen.
lurk Sstrees.
1 9Q TURK-FURNISHED HALL BOOM; fl
1~0 week.
2 SUNNY ROOMS: RENT $5; BATH AND
£ gas. 5.41/4 Turk st.
r jQ TURK— SINGLE FRONT ROOM; GAS
t)lO and bath; SO. ?"i'l-i~-'f-"'-
*v k««a Avmiuo.
QAO VAN NESS AYE. — 2 NICELY FUR-
£>\J£ nishi-d sun y rooms; $8 and *10 a month.
IJQ(* VAN NESS AYE— NICELY FUR-
-4 OU nished sunny front room; private family.
Miscellaneous.
2 UPPER FRONT BOW-WINDOW SUNNY
rooms: suite or single: grate; near Oak and
Pierce. Address J. B. box 2, Call.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of The Call. Subscriptions and
want ads tak-n. .
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
I f^9H CALIFORNIA— PLEASANT, SUNNY
1 O—\J parlors, with board: also table board.
— — — —^ '
rj(\n VAN NESS AYE — FIRST-CL SS
I I/O room and board: prices to suit the times.
V 1 (\l\ CALIFORNIA— E L GA N T BESI.
— XUv/'dence: hot. cold water in ev<-ry room; fur-
nace; table fi 'Stcias-i: excellent service; telephone.
CA] GEARY. COR. TAY. OR fKL MONTE)—
*J\f 1 1 more sunny suite wi h bath to rent on ;
reasonable terms; first-class board.
A 1 9 EDDY-LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
II — and other rooms, with board; $20 up.
CAO VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOME PAR-
UvJ— lor sunny suite: board optional.
\riCE SUNNY ROOM WITH BOARD; SUIT-
i.I able for 2 young men. 712 Post at.
1 ()O7 POST-SUNNY ROOMS WITH BOARD.
THE MENTONE, POWELL, COR. SACRA-
-1 mento— Pleasant sunny rooms; modern con-
veniences; choice tab.c: bay v.ew; homeli&e
place: references.
OAQV.AN NKS- AYE -ELEGANT RUNNY
Ov/O rooms, en suite or slng.e. excellent table.
Cm LEAVENWORTH — SUNNY CORNER:
CUI suites, single: excellent table; rates mod.
- f\(\ EDDY. COR. HYDE-SUNNY SINGLE
JvU room, with or without board; terms mod.
BOARD 15: ROOM TO SUIT: FIRST CLASS;
central. Address box D , Call Office.
79' PINK (KENOVA) — NEWLY FUR-
-1 —• ) !i:.-;h-d suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
AO 7 GEARY— N WL V FURNISHED SUN-
■IO 1 ny suites, with boar-t; terms moderate.
997 GkARY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS.
£>£l\ suite or single; first class dining-room; good
table: excellent service.
A A SIXTH THE MANCHESTER; ELK-
'i J gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL B<RTLING. 714 B' PH-A FAMILY
hotel: ruftrencei: all modern conveniences.
\ WINK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS — TH»
J ■ L \ WKEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mallinc.
CUIL,I>K£N BUAKOED.
CHILDREN TO BOARD; MOTHER'S CARE;
\J pleasaiM home; references. C. J., box 7, Call
Office, Oakland. : - ....
STOKES TO LET.
IAI A VALENCIA, PLATE GLASS WlN-
lUL^rdows. new ' $50
2518 Mission, store and 1 room 26
5- Third, store, 3 rooms and cellar with
oven SO
641 lost, store and living-rooms 12
' W. H. CRIM i Co.. 118 Montgomery st.
STORE. COR GUERRERO AND TWENTY-
third sts.; cement basement; good location for
druggist or o:ber business.
STOKE WITH FIXTURES: LIVING-ROOMS
and cellar. 3562 Tvteuty-thlrd su, next to cor-
ner Guerrero. '■
17 71 ELI.IS— SHOEBTORK TO LET; RENT
ill! cheap; established 10 years.
VORTHKASr CORNER PACIFIC AND SAN-
jk.^ some s'.s.; hand some large corner store; cheap.
G. - STORE. 3 ROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
&O. -1128 Howard st , near seventh."
41 U RTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
•11D In rear; low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSKN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ARP.EH-MHOP. WITH BATHS: E.STAB-
llslied 16 yean: $18 per month; key at 639
(-econd st.
• arpentpr-»hop; ?7 per month. 6 De Boom at.;
key at 539 ."-e oml st. '
Pnmbing-shop; $d per month, '3 Deßoomst.;
key &t 5H9 second «t.
Cornt-rs-ore, 631 second st.; 914 per month;
key at 639 second st.
AT LOW RKNT— PART Of STORE AND
J\ ba-em' 824 l*os- U.
OFFICES TO LET.
1 CAQ MARKET — NEW, L-RGE, SUNNY
luuO ofli:e-rooms; ail modern. «•>
QF.f\ MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— NICELY
OO\J furnished front, sunny suite: cheap.
!«£» SUTTE it— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
MZiU light tarlors and offices f«r physicians or
dentists; central; reasonable. arprecla:e I it seen.
LOST.
LOST— IN OAKLAND, PACKAGE OF MAG-
netic legglns; f 1 reward. 463 E.eventh au,
Oakland.
T OST-D» i CEMBKR2B,WHIIENI£WFOU ND- i
XJ land <!o_': speckled nose, black ears, black
spot at root of tail; liberal rew. rd. 14 uarlford st.
JuisT— GOLD WATCH; BLACK FOB; CRY-
IJ stnl charm: $20 reward. Return to KNAPP & ;
STREET, 1200 Market si.
TAN PURSE, NEW, CONTAINING MONEY
and Mrs. C. C. fc'hreve's visiting cards. Reward,
Call Office.
lOST— ON THE 9TH, «T. BERNARD DOG;
J while; two brown spots on side. Return and re-
ceive re ward 2204 Twenty-third st. Any one hold-
Ing same will be prosecuted.
T 1 ST-A passbook WITH the HIBEttNIA
J J Savings and Loan society of ban Francisco, In
the name of THOi.ASor JEN NIK O't»O>NELL,
No. 175288. 'i he finder will please return to bank.
RANCH OFFICE CALL. 167 NINTH
It st.:-. want nd and o:i 1 scriiuionn token.
PHOXOGIIAI'HJKKS SUPPLIES. *
CAL. < AMERA CO. HAS REMOVED TO 22
Geary st., near Kc arny and Market. " Latest
and best In pbo.OKOod-i.
LATKBI SHIPPING INTJKLLIUISNOIS.
Arrived.
: SATURDAY. January 30
Stmr : National City. Andresen, 28 hours from
Eureka; lumber, to c a Hooper & Co. ;-.■•. :
'.'":. A>ome»tic Ports.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 30-Ship St Nicho!a?,
hence Jan 7. ■ v . ;
FORT BRAGG— -ailed Jan 80— Stmr Noyo,
(or a . : 'ra i<:ts~o. . J . . :
IiAUEIAGii LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have b»ea
Issued by the County Cli>r«c'j office: --"
Edgar J. Duvli and Freda Kuuti, 26—18.
W. L. Muck and Sadie M. H-man, 32—28. .
Oeorge F. Lingenfeider and Marie Horn, 23—25.
Martin Johnsen and Mary Petersen, 45—38. ■ :
John Oso-i ;.r.fi Mary T. McCar', 44—
Ju'.ltisL. Fischer and Martha orundwald, 31— 18.
B — MARRIA«BS —
Birth, marriage and death notices sent hr mall
will not be Inserted. They mass be handed In a;
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name ani residence of person* authorized
to have the same published. J
KOiiX.
BENDER-January 21. 1897, to the wife of
Thomas L. Bender, a son.
DONNELLY— In city. January 27, 1897, to
the wife of Edward J. Donnelly, a daughter, |
EINSELEN— In this city. January 18 '7, 10 the
wife of Charles R. Einselen a son.
Ei.LISON— In this ci.v. January 24. 1897, to the
wife of James Ellison Jr., a son.
GENKKEAUX-In this cltv. January 29, 1897.
to the wife 01 - aptaln K. C. Generous, a son.
HKANEY-January 27. 1897, to the wife Of Edw.
J. Heaney, a daughter.
McCLE3IKN-.lanuary 28. 1897, to the wife of J.
H. M'-Clemen. a daughter.
RATHBUN-ln Col ma, January 28, 1897, to the
wile or h rank Rathbun, a daughter.
RUTHERFORD— In this city, Jannar* 26. 1897.
to me wife of E. A. Rutherford of Cotatl. a
daughter. , : : .:■ »• v J-» ■'■
UAui;.i.o.
JOHNSEN-PETEHSEN-January 30, 1897. by
the Rev. C. J. Larsen, Martin Jotinsen and Mary
Peer-en, both of San Francisco.
_____ _____
IMJED.
Aaron, David Mansan, William
Angela, Joan Mar.in. Mrs. A.
As'<lund. Peter J. Mateoder, Anton
Aufenanger. John Meyer, Moses
Bonar. William Parker, Eliza
. Bucklew. Frank Quite. John F.
Carlsen, Agnes D. Qulim. James H.
« ockrell, James Rat '.}e. ."..ary L.
Daly. Elizabeth Ryan, James H.
Demptey, I'atrlclc J. Selby. Premiss
Dumont, Plerrj Siilwell. William
Dur.ee. John L. syce. Willie P.
Fl:z?erald, William Thompson. Martha
Geoean. Elizabeth Tracy Augmta
Hotze. Carl Village, Mamie
Loiißhboroagh. A. H. Vujovich, Gllgo
McAuley, Emma WacKenreuder. Henry
McDonnell, Mary Whytlaw, Mrs. J. N.
AARON— In this city, Jaiuary 30,1897, David,
. beloved husband of Mary Aaron, and father of
Louis, Victor, Harry s., Pauline and Katie E.
-Aaron and Mrs. Abe L. Brown of Marysville,
a native of Germany, aged 68 years.
ANi.KLO— In the Cltr anil County Hospital. Jan-
uary 30, 1897. John Angela, aged 10 years.
ASKLUND-In this city. January 27. 1897, Peter
Johan, beloved husband of GusUva Sophia
AsKlund, a uaUvs 01 Sweden, age j 63 years 3
months and 8 days.
* *9~Friends and • acquaintances are respect-
ful! • invited to atend the funeial THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the Swedish
Methodist Church, on Howard street, near
, Ninth. Interment cypress Lawn cemetery
f rou Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets at 11:57
o'clock a. m.
AUFENANGER— In this city. January 28, 1897.
John Auit-n;in»er, a native of Germany, ageJ 06
year«.
JO"Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of uar field Ion No. 34. U. A. ki., and auxiliary
associations ar» respec;fully i:ivtea to attend
the funeral THIS .DAY (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
p m., from Alcazar buidinz. Interment Na-
lijuul Cemetery. Remains at tbe parlors of
A. W. Jlartin <fc Co.. 118 Geary street.
BONAR— In ih» City and County Hospital,
January 30 1897, William Bonar. aged iB years.
BUCKLEW — In Norduoff. Ventura County, Cal.,
January 26, l>-97. Frank, beloved son 01 Mrs. i
Martha Buck ew of San Rafael, aid brother of
Mrs. John Allison of San Raiael and Mrs. Peter
Gardner or Oakland, a native of Cincinnati.Ohio,
aged 52 years 7 months and 18 days.
CARL>EN— In this city, January £0. 1^97, Agnes
D., beloved daughter of F. F. and Henriette
Carlson, ana.iv >. San Francisco, aged 1 year
3 mouths and 1 8 days.
COCKKELL— In this city, January 30,1897, James
Cockrell, a nutlveof Tennessee, aged 32 years.
DALY— At her residence, 922 Jackson street,
Elizabeth, beioved daughter of lite lam .Michael
and i atherine Daly, a nat ye of san Francisco.
j£7*Notice of luneral hereafter.
DEMPSEY— In this city, January 29, 1897. Pat-
rick J., beloved husband of .Mar.- Dempsey,
father of Joseph Harold mosey, and brother
of Eille Dempsey, a native of bkibnereen,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 32 years and 10
lUOU.US.
tCff- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to at.end the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at- 9:30 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence, 249 Mrs. avenue, near California
s reet. thence to Star of the Sea Church, where a
requiem hl:jh mass will be celebrated for ma
repose of bis soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
A. m. Interment Holy Crou Cemetery.
DUMONT— In this cl y, January 30, 1597. Pierre,
beloved husband of Kstelle Dumu t. and father
of Alr.iun.lre. Kene. Aimeeand _m lie Dumou.',
a im.ivo 01 France, a»'ea do yeL.-j and 6 months.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fiiiiy ny ted .oat en 1 me funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. 11 , from his late resi-
dence. 311 Clementina streut. betv.eea l-our:h
and liftn, tiifii.o tv the French Church, . usli
street, where «c vices wit oe held, thence to
Drni is' Hall, where the funeral witl take place
under the auspices of Perseverance Grove No.
10, a. U. O. D.
BUi.KKK- In this city, January 29, 1897, John
L., belov?dbu-<band of Mary Durkee, and father
of Mary L.. Be>iie T. and John R. Durkee, a na-
tive of Baltimore. Md.. in bis s ventl<*th year.
JUs-funiTii. will ta;e pla c from St. r.rigid's
Church, corner of Van Ness .-veii.ie and Broad-
way, where a solemn hl>!h mass ill be cele-
braed, commencing at y o'clock s larp. Frleu'ls
. aid acquaintances are invited. Please oii:i
flowers.
FITZGERALD— In this city, January 29. 1897.
at iii* residence, 1521 HonarJ street. William
Fi zgeraui, late of Valley Ford. Sonoma County,
beloved husband of Mureart*. JMtz3era.ll. ..nl
father ot Mrs. P. F. \Vnri and the late James,
William, Maggie and Nt-llie Fltzc«rald, a native
of ■ ounty Li'uerlcic, lr -laud, aged 70 years and
7 months, Washington (D^C) papers please <
copy. 1
«3*Th* funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), from tin Uuurcu of the As ump-
tion. 1 (iiualps, Mnrin County, npun arrival of i
train from Sun Fra.icisco.
GKO«AV— In this city. January 29. 1897. at the
residence of her sister, ,1131 (.^eary street.
Elizabeth, beloved wife o J. W. Ucogan, and
mother of E. H. (. eogati. and daughter of Mrs, \
Elizabeth Meislng. aud sister of Mrs. <-eor«e I
Bunker. Mrs. D. d. L bhy, Mrs. Htduart and
ous>avand Louis Meislng. a native of baa Fran-
else . agtd ye. rs. ,
Jo3"Frle.nds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to atte d the fun ral THIS. DAY
(Sunday 1 ), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the resi-
dinc-e of her sister, .Mrs. George Bunker, 11 >1
Geary street. Interment I. O. O. K. Cemetery. .
HOTZK— In Oakland, January HO. 1897, at the
residence of F. W. Welle, 661 Hobart street,
Carl tl otze, a native of Switzerland, aged 6t>
years and 4 months.
Krieniln end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to at id the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Monday), at lv! o'clock _ at
the funeral parlors of jienry Evers M(6 Wash-
ington MM, Oakland. Imermeu. private.
LOUr.HBOROUG.'I-In this city, January 28.
1b97, Aiexandur Hamilton, beloved husiana of
Mari.inna Z:me Loughborough, ant beloved
father of A. Z , George A.. Frances and Joseph-
ine Loughb«r>ui;!i. a native of Warreutou, Va.,
aged rt2 years 3 months and 1 1 days.
Jt_-The funeral will take place. TO-MORROW
(Mm lay), at lv o'clock a. m., from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be offer d for the repose of hi* soul. Friends
an 1 acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend. Please omit flowers.
McAULEY — In this city, at tho Potrero, January
30, 1897, Km ma, beloved wife of John McAuley,
niece of Mrs. Kate Hennebery, and cousin of
Kute, L Hie ani Annie Hail, a native of Dum-
barton, Scotland, aged 22 years.
McDONN Kl.L— Mary, dearly beloved wife of John
McDonnell, mother of J. J.. William H.. Rose
an I i-.va McDonnell and Mrs. Francis Noonan,
and beiovel sister of Jo. anna O'Neil, Mrs.
William Rehlerst and Dennis O'Neil of Grass
Valley, a native at Behreuaven, parish of Aries.
Count y Cork, Ireland, aged 60 yean. [Houoti
papers please copy.J
#9~Fitends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tu-MOKKf W
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
resilience, 138 Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores church. Sixteen li and Dolores s:re»ts.
where a requiem high imm will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. St. Interment Holy Cross Cemeterr.
MANGAN— In this city, Jatiuary .8. 1897, Wil-
liam, beloved brother of ihomas, James and
Michael Mangan, Mrs. D. Carroll, Mrs. Dan
Quill and Delia Manenn, a native of the parish
of Tnrbert, County Kerry, Irclan I, aged 46 years.
ff3~Frleads and acquaintances are resimct-
fu.iy invited to at end tlw nn«r»l THIS DAY
(Sunday). 'at 8:80 o'clock a. —..from. the resi-
dence of his brother. Thomas Mangan. 601 V*
Sixth street, inemv n (St. Rote's Church, Bran-
nan street, where a solemn requiem high mast
will be celebrated for the repose of his sojl, com-
mencing at 9 ■ o'clock a. m . Interment Holy
! Cross Cemeterr. Pieasa omit flowers. .
MARTIN— In this city, January 28, 1897. Mrs.
Alexander Mar;iu. loving wife of Alexander
Martin, and beloved mother of. Msb?l and Man-
ley Mania, a native of Philadelphia, aged 48
years. IPallalelpnla papers please copy. J .
Friends are respectfully Invited to atteni
herfuneralTO-MORRO»V(M..n'la.),atll o'clock
a. H.. from her late residence, 2004 Jackson
street. Interment private, Masonic Cemetery.
MaTEODER— In thii city,. January 29. 1897.
Anton Mateoder. a native of Italy, , aged 39
yea s
AST Friends and acquaintances and members ot
sis.er courts of American Foresters ure respect-
fully luv.teJ 10 attend the funeral TnISD \Y
(Sunday), at ' 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Thendor Dierks. 957 Mlssio.i street, be-
! tween Fifth and Sixth, unler the auspl of
Court America Na 3, F. of A. Interment
Italian Cemetery. -■ . : .
MEYER-In this city. January 29, 1397. Moies.
beloved busonnd <f the late Dora Meyer, and
father of ous, Alie, Bonnie and Lilly Me-er
and Mm. J. W. Wo f, Mr*. Lv I Zobel. Mrs. Can
Goldberg and Mrs. .A. Ulumentha., a native of
Germany, aged 70 yeirs 4 mo. .ths and 9 days.
f®~Fr)ends are r<«nectfullv invited ■« atte.id
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
10:15 o'clock A. _.. at h.s late residence. 1317
Gulden Gate avenue. Interment Hills of Eternity
;■; Cemetery, by ; . »l:30 i o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets. - '
PARKER— In this city, January 30. 1837, Eliza
Paricer, belove 1 mother of T. •. Parker, Mrs. C.
■ H. Nay lor an 1 Mr*. Dr. \. W. Perry, a native of
Lend >n. England, in- i 7." yeacs aud 5 months.
49"* Friends and -acquaintances are ' respect-
fully i ivlted to attend t c luneral TO-MORROW
I (Monday), at 1 0 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 170U 2 Buchanan' street, liuermeu:
I. O. O. F. cemetery.
QUALE— In this city, January 30, 1897, John F.,
beloved : son of ■- thn late Frank -and Catherine
Quale, and nephew . of Michael Doian of : Kei-
wood City an Mrs. Mary A. Savage, a native of
San Francisco, aged 40 years and 9 mourns.
. Friends Mid acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited toa-ti»nd tne funeral TO-M>KROW
(Monday), at 8 30 o'clock a. m. sharp, from his
late residence, 116 .vsli avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn reauiem
mass will bo celebrated for tne raposa . of
hi* soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. si. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLIANCE ASSO-
clation of California— Officers and members are
. hereby requested to is.emble at ilO s.i avenue
TOM OH Monday), at 8 o'clock a. *.. for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, John F. Qua c The funeral detail will
pleasa take notice tiy order of .
P. H. McGinebtyJ Pr sldent.
P. H. Flyxn, Secretary. •
QUiNN— In in!* city, January 2* 1897. at his
residence, ll'Jtf Valencia *tre«t, James H^
beloved husband of the late Mary Quinn, a na-
tive or Nenagh, County Tipper.vry, Ireland, aged
61 year*.
JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend -he funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 11i.'«5 Valencia street. thenc« to S:.
James Church. Twenty-tHirrt and Guerrero
. streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy CroAi
Cemetery.
BATHJE-In this city, January 30, 1^97. Mary
Louise, beloved wife of A. Kataja. an! sister of
Mrs. A. Ha uuiersiuith and B. FenU. » native
of LouisVillo, Ky., a*e»i 47 years 9 months and
15 days.
RYAN— In this city. January 30, 1697, Jame* H.,
dearly beloveJ husband of Bridget Ryan, and
father of Dais/ anil Thomas Ryan and Mr«. John
Scanlan. a native of .New Yoric, a^eJ 6- years
and 4 mouths.
Ba'Frienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funernl TO MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock f. x. , from bis late resi-
dence, 1706 14. Sock ton a : reet. Interment
Mount Calvary "Cemetery.
SELBY— in Oakland, January "29, 1897, Premiss
Seloy, son of the late Thomas H. Bel by, aged 51)
year*. ■
AS" Friends are respectfully Invited to attea 1
the funeral services THIS DAY (Sunday), at
2 o'clock p. it., at the taml v raslden^e. 1360
Madison street. Interment .private. Kindly
omi flowers. :
STILWELL— In Lorin, Willlai|a, , beloved hus-
band of Lizzie Stilwell, a n Alive of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 76 years and .4 months-
G. A. R Attention, Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. :
Comrades will asse be at headquarters, 414
Mason street, THIS DAY (Sunday), at 13
o'clock m . to attend the funeral of Comrade
ham stllwell, at Lorin, Alr.inela County,
1 o'clock boat (Berkeley train). By order of
P. H. MASS, Commander.
H. L. Barker. Adjutant.
SYCE— In this city, January 29, 1897. Willie P.,
beloved infant of Ihomas and Mamie Syce (nee
Keu.ieJy), a n.ttlve of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 1 day.
&s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. y i.ivlt-d to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, -56 Eighth street. Inter-
J ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, January 28, 1897..
Martha beloved wife of William Thompson, a
nailvt*oi County Armagh. Ireland.
47* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fui.y invited to attend iho funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock M., from her late resi-
dence, 103 Clark stree:, thence by creek boat
leaving foot or Market street at 1 o'clock p.m.
Interment Mountain View- Cemetery, Oakland.
Rest, loved one:
r Pa; n less be thy sleep.
Tny wakening
Shall be joyful evermore.
TRACY— In this city. January 30, 1H37, Augusta,
beloved daughter of William K. and Susan (Cor-
bel ) Tracy, and granddaughter of Mr*, A. F.
Tracy, a native of san Francisco, aged 3 years 4
months and 12 days.
VILLAGE— In this city, January 30,1897, Mamie,
beloved wife of K. B. Village, mo. her of Rlnaldo
B Village, and sister of Thomas Tierny. h na-
tive of .Boston, Mass., aged 41 years 3 months
and 3 days.
VUJOV.CH— In this city, January 28.1887. Olieo,
beloved son of Simon and Mare VujOTi h,
nepuewof George Li and John Lepettch. and
cousin of T. ami P. Vuj >Vicb, a native of Mo..jez.
Erces Novi, Boka Kotorska, Austria, aged 26
years.
JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -.he fu eral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at the under-
taking parlors 6-7 Broadway, the. 10 • to he
Russian Church, latermen. Russian Cemetery.
WACKENREUDER— In this city. January 28.
1897, Hear/, beloveJ son of Tom mil Wacken-
reu ler and brother of Mrs. M. Kraus-, Er esi
Wackenreuder and Mrs. I osa Benenk^-, a native
if -;tu Francisco, a .ed 'Si years 1 moath and 15
days.
CiTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to ate nil the luneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), a: 2 o'clock p. m., from Maennerhund
Hail, corner T»>nty-f >nitn street and Potr>*ro
avenue, unaer the auspi es of Precita farlor
No. l-i 7, N. "i G. W. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
N. KG. W.— The members of Precita Parlor No.
187, N. S. G. W.. are hereby notified to assem-
ble at Maenuerbund Hall. Twenty-fourth airs** i
and Potr ro avenue. THIS DAY (Sunday), at
1 o'cloc: p m.. to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, U. Wadienr-ud >r. By order of
H. S. SPAULDING, President.
J. M. Hickey. Secretary.
WHYTLAW— In Glas on-, Scotland, January 3,
1897. Mrs. Jona Newton Whytlaw.
■
1 McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FONKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone SOSO.
|^JSI^Ir3KNOMBY^^^^^^CKASrMCMK>"OMKy I
JA3IIJS MoJIENOMKS & SOX, I
I^JS^T^SlknoSby^^^^^^Chas^lcMkxomkv I
JA3IKS aicMESOMKIi * SOX,
CXDJiKIAKtHS AND KHIUI.'IKRs I
lUa7 >ii»Hioii Street. Near suveuin. I
'lelephono touch «54. |
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARS
CAREW & ENGLISH.
LNDERTAKER3 AND EMBALMKiti
FUMJBAL DIKECIOKS,
IP Van Ness aye.. near ainniut au. oau *'randse9
Telephone so. 156.
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTNSR & GUNTZ,
' Funeral Directors and hmbalmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMH>
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in no seas* ex-
clusive : location unexcelled. Office WW7 Mmttm
! nrvei Bomngajt comer o' ttixtn.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of Sa-i Francisco to 8. Sbroaer,
lot on W line of Valencia street, 195 S of Twenty
ion nh. S 66 by \V 90:
John Schroeder or J. Bbroder to Jthn F. Schro
der, lot on W lino of Valencia street, 195 8 of
Twenty-fourth, R 21:8 by W 90: $10.
lonise X 1 .vl.i to i harles A. King. lot on S line
of Alvarado street, 180 W of rfoe, W 25 by S 114:
$ 10. .
Pnlllp S. Fay (euarciian of Paul B. and Clarence
A. Fay, minors) to Charles W. Fay, lot on SW
corner of Yolo and Vermont streets, 3 100 by W
100: $7-0.
Samuel J. Sh pler to Edward C. Harrison, lot on
SK line of Prague street, 175 -W of Brazil. SW 75
by SK 1(0, portion of bloc* 95, Excelsior Home
stead; it 10.
Charles Nonnemann to Mary E. Hare, lot on N
corner of ighth avenue and M street, NE 75 b
NW 75, lot 88, block 139, Central Part Home
stead Association: £1260
John and iiarle sbaclcleton (or Marie Ohaeo) to
Frank I'avtavay, lot on s line of Central s reet, 25
X or Monticel o, X 25 b. S 100. lot 13, block 8,
lily Land Association: eif .
John W. and Martha J. Hoss to Bertha Behrend,
lot on W line of High street 175:6 8 of Ocean
Honseroad. SW 90, NW 142:2, NE 98:10. SW
10. :5, being lot 2, block 25, JSoe Garden Home
htoiid > nioii: $10.
Frederick H. and Lizzie C. ot Lizzie »., Lefavor
(Collins) to Solomon Dticas, lot on SE corner of
Moscow street and .ussia avenue. E 100 by s 600,
lots 1 to 4, block 80, 1- xcs slor Homestead Asso
ci ion: also lot on SW corner of Moscow street
and i;u»siv avenue. W 200 by S 600, lots Ito 8,
block 75, same; $10.
Solomon and >mmaDucas to William G. Loewe,
same (two piece-) ; $10.
AI.AMKIIA COCXTY.
Edward and Mary a. Hackett, Mack and Nettle
Webber to M. T.Duslnbury, lot on NX corner uf
Eleventh and Wi-bste. streets, N 100 uy E 100,
being lots 1 to I and 28. blocs 161, Oakland; »Hl.
Max Konlng and Mary M. Banninrk, executor*
estate Johanna M. ircheldecker, o Martin Bende
gaid, lot o E line of Filbert street, 300 Hof West
• enth, S 30 by E 125, block I, Market-street Tract,
OaKland: #2600.
Mary M. Ha .nek (wife of J. F. ) to same, same,
quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
W. Bergman (by Tax Collector) to Charles Babb,
the W v 6 feet or let 4, block D, Klluknervi.le
'1 ract. Oak and 'I own.shlp: $1.
Charles Babb to Cosmopolitan Mutual Benefit
and Loan Association, same, .and Town
ship; $5.
William H. and Frances Macklnnon to John A.
McNaughton, lot on NW corner of Tompkii.s and
Lowpll sireuts. thence alonz Lowell 67 :8, th nee
W 62 19 to E line of r ght of way of . alifornia
and .Nevada Railroad, thence SE 71.19. E to be
ginning, being tbe S haif of lot 16. block 27,
smith's subJivlslon of Mathews' Trace, Berkeley;
Pacific Coast Saving? Society to J. A. Fickes,
lot on N line of Thirl eih street, 465 X of Market,
E 50 by N 140, being lot 83, block. 2033, How aid
Tr et. Oakland: $10.
John G. an l Agnes M. Asar (trustees of the es
late ot Joseph iMacdouough) to Frederick J. Lea,
lot, on .NX con er of central avenue or Twelfth
s;reet and;Unlon, N 118.60 by t, 53.25, block 575,
Oakland; $10. - v
MalinaaM. and Richard J. Mott to Union av
lnes Iliiiiri, ot on W line or Vernon street, 420 N
of bun. a 10-a avenue, N 140 by W 130. being lots
12, 13, 1-1 a d N half of lot 11. block E, stauford
Tr. ct, Oakland : $10.
s-ar.ih A. McKee (by attorney) to Charles L.
Bishop, lot on (j line of Stanley stic>>t, 390.70 E of
Grove, E-50, S 105. 3, W 50. N 105.03 to begin
ning, being lot 9, block 8, McKee Tract, Oakland
Township; $10. . -iCgr^^tw^wffirtWM^i
• same to H. U. White, lor, on SW corner of,B«"
--»on and Grove streets, * 45 by W 120. being lot 19.
block 2, same, Oakland tuwnnhip; $10.
Adolph and Maria Zelier to F. N. Hen-Ich, lot
60, I orksley square. Oakland Town«hln: *1". v ; .
| Union Savings Bank, to James H. Mokler, lota
5. 6 and 47, Broadway Tract, Oakland Tonrshlp;
$10.
Frank M. and Kcse H. Wil on io Miles a Cong
don, lot 20, block 3, corrected map of Daty's
tecmlc Park Trad, Beue.ey; $10.
Walter P. WooUey to J. F. Hoover, lot on S line
of Ward street. i()'6.49 E of sha- uck avenue. X
40 by S l «4:6, be ng lot 18, resubdivision of b.ock \
D. B ke Tract, BerK ley: «10. 1
Georire smith to Jose Frank, lot 69. in Smith s J
Purxlivi-ion of Town oi bun Leondro, den Town
ship; Sl9O.
Jo.(ppri a Ro«e to Joseph F. Oliver, lots 1-, 13
and 14, block A, map i f Dabner's Addmoa to
same, Eden Townsup $j.iO.
Builders' Contract*.
Dr. Benry Krcutzman with Henry Jacks, to erect
three-story irarac miiiiling on N line of Suiter
street, 165 X of Larkin, Oscar ilaupt architect;
--a c with California Electrical Works, elec
tric«l work, same, same architpct: f'J>6.
Sime wiiii j. j-. sul iv.in p.^iuiiU;; and varnish
ing sem ■. same architect; $775.
bame with E. J. Duffy, piumbins, gasflttins and
sewi-rs, samp, same arc bii»ct; $920.
H. W. Mokes with Biiilpv & Mii:Pr, to erect a
two-story building n E tine oi i.yon s reet, 137:6
Sof rov-f. contrac or 3 archi ects: $'.'SOO.
John .1. Janssen io J. Buclicr io erect a two
story Duilfl ng on Bartlett s ie»t n<>»r Twenty-
Srcond, Karens A Lo.fey, architec s:
O. w. Koop uith Honm and sntiblcy. carpenter
work, pluoibing, sewering, pc.of frame buildings
on W line of Uyue street, J)7:G . of Go.deu Gate
avenue, To«nsend <k Wyoeketi, architects; $1340.
IN FRATERNAL BONDS.
The Doings of Some of tho Beneficiary
Organizations of the
City.
Templar Grove, Ancient Order of Druids, at its
last held meeting initiated three candidates and
conierred degrees,
Hesperian Grove initiated one candidate and re
ceived three applications.
Volta Grove initiated one candidate, conferred
degrees and received two applications,
On the 20; h inst. the grand officers visited Peta
luma and attended a joint meeting of Cy press and
>et»lumaeroves. ere were elghty-flve Druids
at the meeting, and after the meeting the grand
offl era were entertained •by Past Arch 11. L.
Gerckens. on Friday the icrand officers visited
Sonoma ana to-day they will go to Sacramento.
l.cspeiian Grove celebrated its iwenty-elnhtb,
anniversary by a ball on last (Saturday nlnht.
Templar Grove will give. ts next party In Feb
ruary.
Go den Gate Circle will give its first anniversary
par.y February 6.
Young Ladies' Institute, Branch T.
The following-named are the officers of Branch
No. 7. Y. L. 1., for the current term: Mrs. Kent
zell, P. P.; M. Stein, Ist V. P.: CYounsr, 'Id V. P.;
M. Daly, F. S. : M. Dillon. P.; H. Kizpatrick, B.
a.; Mrs. Lewis, E. : Josie Shea, M. : Helen Filz
patrick, sentinel: Mrs. Klchar.lson. .1. X Buckley
and M. Maconey, trustees. Mrs. Ken Mil, the re
tiring presidem, whs presented übeaaiitul gold pin
In recognition of service* during the term.
Court Golden ira, F. of -*.
The following- were installed as officers
of Court Golden Era, F. of A., by C. S. John
stone, D. G. C. R., assisted by I. Schwartz. P. C.
R. : T. F. Moran, ('. X. ; A. Condratte. S. C. R. ;
M. Lew, F. p.; Jamesßutler, I.; E. A. Smith,
R. S.; P. MrDrrui. t:. .-. \V.: p. Carroll. J. W ;
L. L. Rev, S. B.; H. Donohuc, J. X. : William.
Gall, T. ; George Adam, physician.
. Court Liberty, A. O. F.
The following officers were Installed by the High
Court officers for Court Liberty, Ancient Order of
Foresters: H. C. Mayer, P. C. R.; T. J. Johnston,
C. R. ; William Sehchrer Jr ,S. C. R.: L. Leon, F.
S.; P. A. Leich. R. f.: C. lira mi el, T.; P. Mathle,
S. \V.: W. H. Johnson. J. W. ; C. Sheehan. 8. li. :
V. Luscich, J. B. ; E W. Thomas, physician;
Leonard Hass, s. Hortman and L. Louv, trustees.
Dm inn the evening the members of tne court pre
sented the retiring chief officer with ii silver
mounted merschaum pipe as a slight token of their
esteem.
Golden State Parlor, X. I) G. W.
The progressive young ladies of Golden State Par
lor, >'. D. G. W., are taking a live interest In the
Grand Parlor that will meet In Sonora, a< several
of them were born In the place where the next
grand session of the order is to be held. The jar
lor will send two delegates, an I befoie th» meeting
the em- ershlp may haw Increased to anit an
extern as to pc mit tiie st- ndln . of tliree ut-legates.
'1 be parlor has three app ic-uons to act upon at
the next meet ng.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Ueorgie C. Ryan paid a
visit to the parlor at itn last h Id meeting.
Recording Secretary .Miss Juh. mv Meyer and
her sifter, Louise were in \V'ats< nvi.le a few days
since to atte. d the marriage of their • ousi i, HIM
X niiie Nohnien. to Air. A. Petersen. The bride
is a member of the Kel.ekah lodge of \> utsonvill*
Companions of th» Forest.
The follow ing-nam?d officers of Minerva Circle,
C. of F.. Friendly toclety of the Ancient Order of
Fore*iers, were Installed by Mrs. Bell, D. H. G.
C. C, assisted by Mrs. L. H. Becon: Mrs. Blake,
C. C: Mis. Bolte, S. C. C: Mrs. Doyle T. : !•. Id r
rett, F. !-.: Miss May Bell, K. S. : Mrs Kline, R.
G. : Mm Butler, L. G, and Mrs. McKay. G.
The officers of Gt-rmanta American Circle were
Installed in Union-square Hall by Depu y Mn.
Dankwert last week, a d durint; the evening the
circle received a visit from a delegation of Frank
lin Circle.
The grand officers lnsta'led the officers of Sao
Rafael Circle last Tuesday."
To-morrow night the officers of Alta Circle will
be Installed.
Court Oak Grove, A. O. F.
The following named have been installed as the
officers of Court Oak Grove, A. O. F., for the cur
rent term: N. F. Bogel, P. C. R. ; Charles Ho] ion,
C. B. : J. F. Plrie, S. C. R.: Charles einer, F. H, :
Charles J. Mills, K. S.: S. DaniKcoeger, T. : August
Meir, S. %V. ; August Flower. J. W.: August Adam
son, S. B.: J. F. Johnson. J. B.; H. Damkroeser,
jhvsiclan. This court will give Is third anniver
sary ball in Social Hall. Foresters' building, Feb
ruary 20.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BUSS HOUBK.
J Cummings, Los Angels (i Waterson, Cal
J P O'Ma ey Los Angels J Bewley, Cai
E Nuckers & w, Scott V W G Hall. . rcsno
F Brighton, Mass W Newton. Los Angeles
J X 11 n. 11l A Wai ace, Cayucos
X W Rutherford, 111 HA- miley, Cayucos
A Jorif-, Va icy Ford G Wa''ace. Cayucos
L Kennett, Fresno L Loring, Cayucos
A Vandern ire^no M Vt-noeret, Visa la
D T Vaughn, Fresno C McCane, Los Angeles
W H Peeler, Orange J Carl ton. Rocklin
T Toman, Uran c J Day & w, Cioverdale
H Lotninp, Pennington J Stone* Bur ingliauie
W H hoon. N V W Ri hard son, Truckee
GEngelke. Riverside A Ta-igie-, Or
C Hutchison, Riverside a T 1 ang.er. Or
('Thompson, lomales Mis* A '» angler. Or .
J W Kent, Nev J C swan, Red Bluff
W Jones. Alnmeda P P Hulburt. Red BluS
H Smith, Kedcing W E Ktubbs Red Bluff
H L Lorigan *w, Nev S Diamond, Modesto
I. M Waiirmcn. >-cv G G Parsons Mass
E H Smith. San Mateo Mrs JWe ham, N y
I) G McCiair, Idaho Mrs Lorlug. N y
R A Horse Mich N E Long, Pa
D Bowers, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
F A Boole. Red Bluff S Solon Holl, Sacramnto
G Stephens, 111 -. Jf < ADyn, Chicago
A G OoltOß, Lies Molnes R Booth, Grants »'ass
F N Delaney. Alamed* U Yoiiker. Los Angelea
W Jenny «fe w, A lamed* J W Dv n. Salt Lake
A M Root-, Port Costa C B Peru oe, re-no
H T Hatch. U*lah II I Hoster. Portland
Mrs Harris &f. Pittsfieid O H Yeatoti A w N I)
Miss Johnson, Ma-<s W Reynolds, Santa Rosa
Miss E Johnson, Mass E smith &w. Oakland
John A Rich. Term E Mannion, Los a nseles
J Wukenden. Ls Ang E }^o(lgfi*Ji w. Hldsbur?
N W Smiih, Nevada H Baker A w, Stockton
CW Atkins, NY Mrs Brow S»i Jose
E delaCrusta. Santa B M Rrv.hs hild, Chicago
W E liott, Santa Monica W J!a;uire. Dutch Fiat
J Adams, ~nnta Monica J Thompson, Crows Ldg
W ' R.'hrsn, ■ reino F Henderson & w. L A
J Joh sou. Detroit J B Iti3tt, Davlsvi Ie
J A Pred vis Auburn UrTlbbits, S.<<-raiDento
R A Peru ins. Ark r>r W a Moore, lionicla
T Cofiin & w, Ca-son Mrs A E Jones. Sonoma
J Roberts, Sacramento Mrs Chaplin. -tocKton
s c nulls. Stanford D Uillard, s,uiia ROM
C Lindsay, -anta Cruz C M Cassias, Santa Crui
PALACE HOTEL. •
J Summerville, Or G L Paine, Boston
Miss Olbson, Stanford H Brewer, Conn
G W Gibson. Stanford VV stucken, H mbursf
Xl Rogers NY V hter. Hamburz
H B Kenntson, NY F H Boyne, Los Angelet
J A San born, uaklnnd J C llateson, N V
E F Owcheron, NY MA Kiyama. Japan
J CHowari. Minn 11 friijlkl. Japan
T MoroQy. New Orleans H B Chamberlain, Denrr
F R Ml lor it wf, La S Dal: on & wf, • btrago
A V Levy, N V I*, iss L B Ualton, Chicago*
J J Polan. Coulter vlllo 8 F Willetts, N V
X T Rogers NY. » Rosensteln, N V
C P P.unkett, USN J Brown, San Berna'dno
BBush, Koslyn John H Shaw, Koslya
BALDWIN HOTEL. i^SBk
B M Blrdsall, Oakland Mrs C .'Martin, N V
T F Plxley. Oakland J 0 Kd wards, Ohio
JKilb-.Ohio S Price, Ohio
J Miii,)i <fe w, NY C Jotif s, Pc aliima
DrK 'l'h'imp«> i, spokane X Allen&w. Phoß.ilx
R P VhW) H V W D Plu^ston, Mont
F • Gould, Chicago CF Krethmer. S V
Miss A Long, For .land T M Hadly. Indiana
L Harris <fe w. s«cto W D Davis, NY
F G Clayton, Mich ri M Norton. Or
H V Johnson&w.Chicog E Wltzinskl. Sonora
F C Brcwn/Vallejo T Collin3, Dl.xon
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Lnmont, Mich J A Jonnson, Suisun'
A A tMbson. Suisun J A Holdsneatb, Grants
A Hold .neath. Grantvl ville
C G Dicker, Grant ville J L Day, Elves
E C Dearborn. Elves W D'Akers, Elves
C Bennett, Elves J Myler. Elves
L H cicman, E!ve* J \iorvey, Paris
W A M..rko, Pans T J McHenry, Paris
R A Bauer, s*yra< use - II Nathan, Philadelphia
,F Martin. Ant. rch Mrs Thompson. Idaho
C Douglass Aw, Tacoma F J Norwood, H C
J J .-lnip-ion, Wataonvie PA To. ace, Watson villo
I LUX HOUSE.
H A Stanfleld, Nev City T B W'eslcott, St Douls
( has M Mannon.s anford A McMillan. Kno*ville
L L) Srnlih, Oakland H B Wagnar. Liveraiurs
Mrs Vailensen, Arno W s Kinnev, Astoria
W J Huh ey,M Hamilton N T Merrill. -i hicago
C M Henderson & w N V Mrs A X Wilder, Jose
Miss M Wilder, can Josa Harry Johnson, Ims Ana
W P lUmmaUi, N Yoric X X Kudorff, sonora
J E WlUoa. Sonora : r« - 1" B Briiton, San JoseSHOWING OF THE
WATER COMPANIES
Filed With the Clerk at
the Last Moment Al
lowed by Law.
Value of the Plants Is Not
Included, but - Only the
Annual Statement.
Figures That Show Just What Busi
ness Each of ths Rival Com
panies Is Doing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 30. |
This was the last day on which the
water companies can legally file their
statements upon which the City Council
must base the water rates for the coming j
year. Ten minutes before the Clerk's
office closed they were recorded.
There is always considerable interest at
tached 10 the reports on account of their
varying nature, and because of the great
discrepancies that, have previously ex
isted in the company's valuation! of their
respective properties when giving them
to the city, on which to fix their rates,
and when supplying them to the County
Assessor for the purpose of taxation.
When there was only one company its
self-estimated value as a basis for fixing
their revenue, which ;r>;;^t be done so as
to permit of an interest of 6 per cent on
trie investment, has been fixed as high as
$6.0000.000,
Ihe Oakland or Din.cc' 1 Water Company
filed a report of valuation and expenses as
follows: "
RECEIPTS
Cash on nand January 1, IS?6 $2".415 81
Total receipts for water 99,620 30
Ileceivtd irom A. 11 ay ward and W. J.
Diuet-,- 78,98388
Received from tii is payable 12,943 37
Received from sundry accounts U,C!64 73
Total $1217,028 09
EXPENDITURES.
Paid for real estate and plant $90,791 38
I'ai't tor operating expenses 4T,9Bti 75
Paid f. r taxes 9,5-2 21
Paid tor lotertst 67,258 42
Paid for reba 319 7.1
Paid account bills receivable 2,106 «8
Casi) on hand .December 31, 1896. .... 9.U43 25
Total $217,028 19
It was sworn to by President 'William J.
Din gee.
The Contra Costa Company also filed
its report at the last moment before the
City Clerk's office closed. It shows the
following figures:
Total receipts from sale of water $142,718 85
Total receipts from laud rents 502 50
Bills receivable 4 33 20
Owed money 16 790 18
. Cast) on taiid January 1, 1896 43,985 19
Total $204,4*9 92
EXFESDITUBES.
Temescal Lake maintenance 5939 05
!-:ir. i pandro Lake maintenance i.',w.")5 75
Fiterin* expenses ' " 3.84175
FumclD? expenses..". 4,242 35
Street mains maintenance 6.174 68
S iiblp expenses, corses, etc 2 339 35
General expenses 1,828 ■-'•_'
Office exieris-s .■ 14-294 85
Salary of officers , 6,450 50
Taxes 50,419 20
Imprest . 91,6 3 89
° CasS on hand December 31. 1b96 61,69:.' *3
.-■ iota]... -.../. „.. $'204,429 92
CONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
Pan l.eandro L.a.l£e. '.:. $460 70
Tun-scu! Lake 18 00
Filter stations. ' 69 10
brrenc m»ii!3 ..... 27,633 /'_'
tiiginterli.g 1.0-8 80
'• Total $29,209 82
' Bill payable? 29,209 82
It was sworn to by President Henry*
Tierce.
.*. . The Council will fix the rates in a few
. week*. In former years the companies
haVe riled 0 the value of their plants," but
. this year they have only tiled their yearly
statements.
MULHALL`S MEETINGS.
Special Programme for Each Day of
Next Week.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan.. 30.— The Mul
hall meeting* at the First Presbyterian
Church are being largely attended and
the following special programme has been
issued'for next week. Evening meetings
are held at the same place.
Tuesday, February 2, at 3 P. M.— Subject,
"Assurance." Wednesday, Fubruarv 3, at 3
I. It— Subject, "Witness of Spirit." Thursday,
February 4. at i) P. M. — Subject, "Snnctifica
lioa." Friday, February 5, ai 3p. M. — Subject,
"Acceptable Prayer." These asternoon nie> t
ings will be ot special interest and of very
great profit to Christians.
Bevea parlor meetings, lor women only,
will be held each morning at 10 o'clock,
to la 6 t forty-five minutes, on February 2, 3, 4
and 5. The places where held and by whom
Conducted will be duly announced.
Professor Ches. Birch, with his golden cor
net, will conduct the singing, supported by a
rajge chorus.
Professor Birch will conduct children's
meetings on Tuesday and Wednesday, Fel
ruasy 2 and 3, in Finit Baptist Church, "anil on
Thursday and Friday, Fubruary 4 and 5, in
Market-street Congregational Church. These
meetings will be held at 3:15 p. a.
Tuesuay, February 2, hm> been designated
as a day (*f Humiliation and prayer. Christians
are requested to so observe i;.
MINISTERS AT DINNER.
Meet With Their Wives at the Galindo
Hotel.
OAKLAND, Gal., Jan. 30.— Tbe Oak
land Ministerial Union held its regular
monthly dinner at the Galindo Hotel to
night and several of the pastors and tiieir
wives from Alameda and Berkeley were
present. Rev. C. 11. Hobart presided and
Rev. L. W. Munhall, D. D., read the pa
per.
The speaker dwelt on the need oi evan
gelizing the Pacific Coast, ara while he
did not positively state that this section
of the world was particularl - wicked he
hinted strongly that he ba>' heard of
other parts where there was noi so
niu'.li open wickedness. His lecture was
mainly given up to the methods which he
had found most successful in promoting
evangelical work. Rev. Dr. Coyle was
unable 10 be present.
THE FRANCHISE BARRED.
Cannot Be Granted by a Council Going
Out of office.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The fran
chise applied for a week ago to run across
town will not be granted by the present
Council. Last ni^ht au application for a
withdrawal of the petition was filed with
the clerk stating several reasons for wish
ing to recall it.
Tbe letter of the applicant, J. J. Lamp
ing, is as follows:
To the Honorable the. Council of the City of
Oakland and the Ordinance and Judiciary Com
mittee thereof— Gentlemen: I find that there is
a bill now in course 01 passage through the
Legislature changing and prescribing the
mode of granting street railroad franchises,
which is not in harmony with either
the charter of Oakland or the present
general law of 1893, and that it is Im
possible to compiete the proceedings
under the law, as it exists to-day, l>efo;e the
pending bill itself may become a law,* and
"tna't therefore the present proceedings might
be annulled by such new law and rendered
nugatory before completion. I therefore deem
it necessary to withdraw my present applica
tion (which I hereby do), and will await, the
action ol the Legislature upon tne street rail
roed bill now in course of passage there.
Thanking you for your consideration then'ior,
1 remain sincerely'yours, J- J- Lamping.
"Whether we shall renew the applica
t on or not," said Mr. Lamping to-clay,
"cannot be told at this time. It is certain
that we could not obtain a legal franchise
at present, and there is no knowing what
our opinion may be in a few months time.
• — ♦ — •
NO FREE DOCTORS.
A Binding Agreement to Be Signed
by l'liysicians of All
Schools.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The medi
cal practitioners of the regular school will
commence Monday to sign an agreement
adopted at a meeting of representatives
from the three schools of medicine a
couple of weeks ago. The petition for the
old school is in charee of Drs. Hamlin.
Rucker, Fisher and Stratton. and is the
result of the decision of tne doctors to
render no mora free services to lodges
and free clinics. Following is the agree
ment to be signed:
Whereas, Rendering professional services
at a stipulated lee per capita for any stated
time is opposed to the best interests of the
general public and the medical prolession,
we, tne undersigned surgeous and physicians
ot Alaineda county, State ot California, enter
into the following agreement:
First— We mutually, jointly and individ
ually pledge our word of honor not to outer
into any contract or agreement or re:.ew a:iy
existing contract or agreement, either writ
ten, verbal or implied, to render medical or
surj;icui services to any individual, laniily,
ledge, Iree clinic, health mutual association,
 local corporation or organization, to
' extend beyond the 31st of December, 1897.
Second — We will not render medical or sur-
Kical services to the memb ts oi the abovo
i mentioned bodies for less compensfttiu'i than
! we charge the general public for similar scrv
j ices.
The other two schools, homeopathic
and eclectic, are also circulating similar
petitions.
CLAIMED THE RIG.
Queer Sequel to the Slopping of a Run-
aiify Horse.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 30.— Officer Phil
lips was placed in a peculiar position this
afternoon. A horse and buggy. ran away
oa Broadway and was stopped by a man
at Ninth street. He hitched the horse to
a post and when the owner came up re
fused to permit him to take possession of
it. He demanded $10 for his trouble and
Officer .fhihips, who was called upon to
intervene, declared that he had no right
to interfere in the matter.
Tut owner procured an attorney and an
agreement was readied by which he was
allowed to drive off with his horse, but
unless the man who stopped the horse is
compensated the owner will be prose
cuted for violating ihe ordinance requir
ing the hitching of horses. .
Complication Over lark*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The move
ment to procure a public paik for the city
has received a setback. 1l was supposed
that the Governor could Jeeally Appoint a.
park commission and Judge Yule was
asked to draw a bill authorizing tne action
which it was desired to take, but when he
came to the details he sound a constitu
tional doubt, and he is of the opinion that
as a park is a purely municipal concern a
park board can only be cr ated by an
amendment of the city charter.
Yorke to Answer Coyie.
OAKLAND., Cal., Jan. 39.— Next Thurs
day evening at the Macdouousrh Rev.
Father Yorke will rep'.y to the lecture of
Dr. R. F. Coyle. The lecture will be for
the benefit of Company N, League of the
Cross Cadets of St. Francis Ue Sales,
lid »nee Kacet Postponed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The Reli
ance Club road races which were sched
uled for to-morrow have been postponed
I owing to the brio 1 condition of the roads.
MRS. SHEIB WAS HURT.
Her Husband Rode Off on the
Cars Unconsc;ous of the
Mishap.
Programme of the Unitarian Club
New Deputy Coroner A; pointed.
Indh n Bali-P ay?rs
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— Mrs. Shieb,
of 3256 Encinal avenue, accompanied
her husband to the 5:30 narrow-gauge
train this morning and took a seat with
him in the car until it was ready to start.
She then alighted just as the tram began
to move and in so doing fell violently to
the ground. Her husband began reading
his paper and went off none the wiser and
will not return for several days.
. Dr. Sander was called and on examina
tion found that the woman had dislocated
her right shoulder, besides breaking one
of the bones. She was taken to her Lome,
where she will be confined for some lime
to come.
First Ladles' Night.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— The pro
gramme lor the first ladies' night of the
Unitarian Club, to be held Wednesday
evening next, i 3 out and consists of eight
numbers, all of which will prove to be
exceedingly entertaining. It is us follows:
Address of welcome by the president; bary
tone solo, "My Dream of You" (Rodney), Dr.
Eugene H. Bertaud; "To Our Fair Guests." an
elucidation In rhyme <T. <;. Daniells), read by
Frederick Maurer; quartet, "On the Tree Top"
(Dudley Buck), Jaclclin, Gott, Eckert and
Bcott, the Unitarian Club quartet; remarks by
R;v. George R. DodBon; tenor soio. "The Lit
tle Woman" (George Osgood), Professor Henri
Fairwenh«r; reading, "The Painting ot the
Bathtub" (a club member), B. Frank Clark;
grand chorus, "America," by everybody.
The programme was arranged by the
following members: - Charles L. Weller
(president), Edward J. Holt (vice-presi
dent), brainard C. Brown (secretary and
treasurer), Edwin R. Anthony, Edmund
D. Rue, Professor Henri Fairweather, R.
Prank Clark, Herman Krusi, William
Baarhyte.
Indian Baseball-Player*.  ]
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— The game
of baseball between the Alerts of this city
Bad the Piute Indians of Nevada, to be
played to-morrow at Central Park, San
Francisco, will bring out a large number
of baseball enthusiasts. The clubs will
line up in the following order for the fray;
Alameda Aleris. Position. PJute Indians.
W. Hammond Catcher Moo
McKee .Pitcher „ Aquattra
Jucobson.. First base >putta
Goldswortby Second base ....Chtctcwa
UrochoS Third b.i«e Clattawa
Km: Shorts '.op Wisiishon
iluskfruon .Left field :..Zuble
Bird Center fie1d........ ;Daubuke
J. Hammond ftight, fl«ld v...:...Dabu
New Deputy Coroner.
. ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 30.— The ap
pointment of James Fowler, senior mem
ber of the firm of Fowler & Smiley, un
dertakers, as Deputy County Coroner,
vice A. P. Smiley, removed, was quite a
surprise to the friends of both. The part
nership heretofore existing was ended to
night, the younger member resolving to
op«n a new establishment.
" Mr. Fowler is a man of family and hits
resided here many year?. He has the re
i spect of all who know him.
. Artesian "Water Company.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— The annual
statement of the Artesian Water Com-
T>uny was filed to-day by Superintendent
J. L. Bordeu. The Trustees will fix the
water rate^or the ensuing year by ordin
ance the last Monday in February. Thp
report is a lengthy one, occupying sixty
rive typewritten pages. The company
; served 2414 customers as well as 200 flush
ing tanks, and 323 fire hydrants during
the past year. The construction account
amounted to $54*4077 59. The receipts
were $55,005 04, the , running expenses
; $24,657 73 and the surplus $30,346.33. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
MUST OG AHEAD
OF LOS ANGELES
Prominent Land - Owners
Take the Initial Step
for Annexation.
Propose Taking *in All the
Territory Between This City
and Berkeley.
The Ontside Territory Has an Assessed
Valuation of Six Millions . !
. and a Half.
#
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,!
9DB Broadway, Jan. 30. )
It is now but a question of time, when
all the territory lying between the north-
I crn boundary of Oakland and the southern.
Map Showing the Proposed Annexation and Three of the Men
Interested :n the Project.
boundary of Berkeley will be annexed to
this city. Next Wednesday evening a
meeting will bo held in the City Hall for
the purpose of forming a permanent
organization to carry out the desired end.
Many of the leading property-owners
have decided that the outlying districts
cannot be developed until they become a
part of the city of Oakland. Among thoa?
who are of this opinion are: George Mor
row of Temescal, Captain McMer.omy of
Golden Gate, Payne Shafter of Temescal,
J. Rea of Linda Vista, Edson Adams, Mr.
Montgomery and many others.
"Oakland at the present time suffers by
comparison with LO3 Angeles," said
George Morrow to-day. "There is some
civic pride in this matter of annexation.
Los Angeles takes in everything that 19
possible and poses before the country as a
city of 70,000 people. Oakland is looked
upon as being much smaller, and is talked
about aa being a city of 50,000 people.
This state of affairs should not exist, and
if we have our way will r.ot exist much
longer. The natural advantages of the
two cities are not to be compared, and
Oakland cannot nelp but grow. The
amount of taxable property that we wish
to add to the city of Oakland is assessed
for $6,500,000 at this time. After annexa
tion there will come an era of improve
ment, and the assessed value of the an
nexed property would at once increase,
and we should be the means of decreasing
general taxation, for we should not cost
the city as much aa we would pay in taxes*
"A glance at the map of this section of
the county shows that there is really no
dividing line between Oakland and this
large outlying district so fai as street rail
ways are concerned. There are three
roads which go through this territory and
ail unite at Fourteenth and Broadway,
right in the heart ot the city. These roads
bring the furthermost points of the terri
tory which we want annexed nearer
to the heart ot Oakland than the
city limits were ten years ago.
Every day there is an increased de
sire for annexation, and many people
who a few months ago were violently op
rosed to it. now favur the scheme. The
more the fact 3 are looked into the more
anxious are the property-owners io be
come a part of the city of Oakland. '
diaries A. Bon, the SaivFrancisco wine
merchant who resides at North Temescal,
is very ardent in his efforts toward annex
ation.
"This is a matter," he said, "in which
the people of Oakland need to be enlight
ened and interested. It would be a bene
fit to the whole community to take in this
territory, which is naturally a part of the
city. It includes Temescal, Golden Gate,
Peralta and Piedmont, and has a large
population, and there is no valid reason
to be advanced aguinst tha Greater Oak
land plan."-
The boundaries of the territory which it
is proposed toannez are as follows:
On the west by the eastern line of the
town of Emeryville, on the south by the
charter line of the city of Oakland, on the
east by the continuation of the eastern
line of the town of Berkeley, running
south to the city of Oakland, on the north
by the town of Berkeley.
Edson Adams, C. A. Scoville and Payne
Shafter have been apppinted a committee
to confer with tho=e property-owners who
are still in doubt as to the advisability of
annexation.
New Departure at Agbury Cbnrch.
OAKL.AND, Cal., Jan. 30.— Something
new occurs to-morrow nigut at Asbury
M. E. Church South, corner of Clay and
Fifteenth streets, this city. Instead of the
usual service accompanying the reception
of members there will be a sacred con
cert given by the following well-known
musicians: J. Broct Morgan, soprano;
Mrs. Kate Morgan, contralto; E. Dowdie,
tenor; V. Van Buskirk, bnss; Mrs. L. G.
Linard, organist; Mrs. John R. Elley,
violinist.
Coward May Recover.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— A telephone
message irom one of the attending physi
cian* at the asylum in Stockton announces
that W. M. Coward, a prominent business
man committed from this county January
2->, will probably recover. He takes conic
food and is more quiet.
Wants to Be Mayor Again.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 30.— A. C. Henry
has announced his nomination as an inde
pendent candidate for Mayor. Mr. Henry
is known as the man who organized four
of the most prosperous banks in Oakland.
He was elected Mayor in 1884 by the Re
pubiicans ana in 1886 was elected City
Clerk and Tax Collector. He has always
been prominent in politics and is a man of
considerable wealth.
FAVOR ANNEXATION.
Meeting of Thoge "Who Are Working for
a Greater Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cai., Jan. 30.— There wa?
an enthusiastic meeting last night in Judge
Cliffs courtroom of those who favor the
annexation to Oakland of all the outlying
districts north or the city. Charles Bon
was elected chairman and J. Naismith
secretary.
The sentiment was unanimous in favor
of annexation, and it was stated that
all the large property-owners favor it.
The chairman stated ttiat the assessed
value of the properly that is anxious for
annexation is $6 500.0U), and consists of
Golden Gate, a large portion of Peralta,
Piedmont and Temescal, and has a large
population.
Messrs. Edsor. Adams, C. A. Scoville
and Payne Shafter were appointed a com
mittee to confer with any who might ob
ject to annexation and to prove to them
that such action would lead to a reduc
tion of the taxes of the whole of "Greater
Oakland."
Next Wednesday evening there will be
a meeting of those favorable to annexa
tion at ihe City Hall and the movement
will be permanently organized.
Oemocrats Waiting.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— Tha Demo-
cratic City Central Committee met to
nigb'.and organized, but decided not to
fill the vacancies on tbe ticket tiil this
week.
AN ELECTION HOT HELD.
Berkeley Football Men Failed
to Show Up at the
Meeting.
University Politics in the Selection ci
a Leader of the Gridiron
Athletes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— N0 elec
tion of a football captain took place to
day at the university owing to the ab
sence of several members of the team.
The meeting was for the purpose of
navine the team photographed for
the Blue and Gold and to choose
a captain for the next season, and the
fact that four of the varsity eleven, all
"irat" men, did not snow up, is thought
to have some significance. Last year a
similar occurrence took place. The men
who stayed away to-day are Ransome,
Kennedy, Carr and McNutt. Carr is one
of the candidates for the placo that was to
have been filled, and tnose on the inside
are disposed to thinly that there was some
politics in the action of the men who did
not keep the appointment.
The- election was postponed to next
Saturday.
Boys Were Victorious.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— The Berke
ley rtigh School Forum won the debate
last night aeainst the Ecclesia. The de
baters were William Downey, Allen Mat
thew and Herschel Macdonald for the
Forum and Miss Friedennch, Miss Mabel
Davis ami Miss Florence Hoyt for the Ec
clfsia. The boys spoke against the elec
tion of United States Senators by a direct
popular vote. Rsv. H. A. Kctchum, D.D.,
A. W. Nay lor ana Justice Gentry acted as'
judges.
Professors to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— Dr. David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University wili
preach on "The SoDer Mind" at the
Unitarian Church, Stiles Hall, to-morrow
morning. Professor Bradley will deliver
an address at 12:30 p. m.. in the First Con
gregational Church on "The Bible in
Eiigiish Languages and Literature." In
the evening Professor Bailey will deliver
tne first of a series of lectures on "Some
Social Aspects of Christianity" in St.
Mark's Church.
Dr. If" Cont* Improving.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— Dr. Joseph
Le Oonte/who has been suffering ever
since his return from the East with an
attack of la grippe, is much improved.
Both yesterday and to-day he was able to
leave his room.
On account of his indisposition thp
grand reception to himself and Mrs. Le
Come, which was to be given at Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art on February 4,
lias been postponed until February 11.
Notable Odd Fellows Preaent.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 3C--Theinstalla-.
tion of the officers-elect of Sunset En.
caaipment No. 25, I. 0- O. F., brought to.
petber the largest number of grand offi
cers last night that ever met in this county
on such an occasion. They were:
Grand P*triarch Doran, District Deputy
Grand Patriarcn Weaver. Grand Marshal WRr
boys, Past Grand Representative Downs,
Grand Scribe Brtiics, Gnind Secretary Shaw,
Grand Treasurer Lam ont, PastGrtind PatriarcU
Lord, Past Patriarch Black, Past Patriarch
Crossett, Pa&t Grand Young, Colonel Brower
and Chief Patriarch Adams.
All made speeches at the banquet that
followed tlie installation. The officers iu
stalled werer
J. H. Young, chief patriarch; George Fox.
high prleat; Thomas Linton, seuior warden;
J. parkin, junior warden; W. S. Dryden, scribe;
Mr. Kichman, treasurer; P. Ohristianson, out
side sentinel; W. J. Fiacber, inside sentinel;
E. A. Randl'tt, guide; C. H. Wever. first
watch; George Whitman, second watch; George
Bensem«n, third watch; I. N. Gott, founh
watch; Messrs. Miller and Simouds, guards ol
t-.-iiu
NEWS OF THE
CITY CHURCHES
Bishop Graves the Guest
of Bishop Nichols at
San Mateo.
Commander Booth-Tucker of the
Salvation Army Ex
pected Here.
Father Frieden Makes His First
Appearance in the Pulpit This
Mornirg at St. Ignatius.
Bishop Graves, who comes as Bishop
coadjator to Bishop Wingtield of the
Northern California Diocese, arrived here
last week, and at present is the guest of
Bishop Nichols at San Mateo.
There will be a lecture and stereopticon
illustrations given at Central AI. E. Church
to-morrow evening.
Commander Booth Tucker is expected
here in March. This will be a great event
in local Salvation Army circles!.
Adjutant and Mrs. Fellers of the South
west have been appointed to succeed Staff-
Captain and Mrs. Thomas in the command
of Southern California.
The thirl special musical services of
Calvary Presbyterian Church will be held
to-night. Rev. Dr. Hemphill has recov
ered from his late illness sufficiently to be
able to occupy his pulpit as usual.
The annual meeting of the Young Peo
ple's Bresbyterial Association will be held
in Howard Church Monday evening. The
programme Includes election of officers for
the ensuing year. A praise service con
ducted by Rev. C. C. Herriott; subject,
"Power for Service." A symposium by
Christian Endeavor presidents on 'What
Can Presbyterian Christian Endeavorera
Do to Promote the Success of the '97 Con
vention?" and an address by Rev. H. C.
Minton, D.D. The choir of Howard
Church will contribute musical features,
including a solo by Mrs. Susie Hnrt
Marks.
The annual meeting of the Church Ex
tension Society will be held in the parlors
of thp First church, San Francisco, Mon
day, February 15, at 5:30 p. m. ; there will
be a collation at 6 p. m., after which the
public meeting will be held at 7 o'clock,
wht-n several ministers ana others will de
liver addresses on the work and prospects
of the Church Extension Society.
Kov. J. H. Smith, the noted evang elist
of Philadelphia, will begin special services
at the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Sunday, February 7. Air. Smith
will soon visit Hawaii on an evangelistic
tour.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Nowall, who have
been holding special meetings at the First
Baptist Church this week, go to Vacaville
and then to Calvary Baptist Church of
Sacramento.
Rev. Henry Vartey has been holding
special meetings in the Methodist Episco
pal Cdurch all this* week.-^Mrs. Varley
addressed a Mothers' Meeting Friday at
ternoon. They left Saturday morning ior
Los Angeles en route for tbe East.
Tbe Christian Home Missionary Board
has decided to take up the Japanese work
here. Evangelist work will be done by N.
A. Coryea while plans and arrangements
are being made.
To-day Father Frieden, the aewly-ap
— ~7T, v^ ..-...-. . .... . - .-■ ... ■ . • . ■ . ' .■>,;-.
' NEW TO-DAY. ___^._ _^.^_-^-^ c - u^-^-,-,.^.-,- v -^-,.-.-.-^-^- v -,-. < .
..: WHOLESALE DEALERS IN J^-^^-^ WpL
Manilla, Book, News, Straw,
Granite and Rag, Wrapping
i j~% a T^ pj^ r*^ I
SHEETS AND ROLLS.
Paper Bags and Twine
HEADQUARTERS FOR
Special Hand-Made Sugar and Hardware i" yif7E '
Bags, Citrus Fruit Wrappers (Plain and 'LlJ^Ji| 1 -
Ssi^piiip||p Printed), Lick Special Manilla, , _
jf/Y Turns' Columbia River Paper •-■ C.^^||
HOPKINS CELEBRATED HOLDERS AND CUTTERS.
Auction Sale*
J. C. MUTUER, AUCTIONEER.
Cfflce-638 Market Street.
I AVILL SELL MONDAY,
1 1897, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
A Fine Large Saloon at the <W. Cor. of
Third and Howard Streets,
Including a siock of Liquors. Cigars, etc.: 3
very fine Counters; S French-plate MlraAts; fine
Beer Machine and Pump; elegant Ice-box: Iron
safe; very fine Kange; Ulaasware; Tables. Chairs
and Dishes: fine regulator Clock, etc. Tnis place
will first be offered as a whole, ao reserve; it
must be sold. Kent reasonable.
pointed provincial of the Jesuit order on
this coast, will make his first appearance
in the pulpit at the 10:30 a. m. mass. In
the evening Rev. Fattier Calzia. S. J., will
preach on the absorbing subject of "Cre
mation" and explain the sentiment and
doctrine of the churcn concerning tbe
same. On Tuesday, the 2d of February,
the feast of the Purification will be cele
brated at St. Ignatius by a solemn high
mass and blessing of candles at 9 a. m. In
the evening tnere will be a solemn bene
diction. Next Wednesday the (east of St.
Blazius, the patron of those afflicied with
sore throats, will be observed by blessing
the throats, which will commence early in
the morning and continue until evening.
The exposition of the Blessed Sacra
ment, which occurs on the first Friday of
every month, will hencefore commence in
tit. Ignatius Church before the 6:30 a. if.
mass, continue during the entire day,
ending with solemn benediction in the
evening. Next first Friday will be doubly
observed, since on that day is com
memorated the feast of the three Japanese
martyrs, Paul, John and James, members
of the Society oi Jesus. By visiting St.
Ignatius Church and performing tbe other
necessary conditions a plenary indulgence
may be trained on that occa^on.
Father Calzia, 8. J., has commenced a
series oi catechetical instructions at the
9:30 a. sc. ma3s on Sundays, in which he
deals wiih the mistakes and sophisms of
modern unbelief. He has also succeeded
Rev. Father MarascnL. S. J., as director of
the Ladies' Sodality.
Rev. Jerome ti. Hannigan will preach at
the half-past 10 o'clock mass this morning
at the Cathedral. The sermon in the
evening after vespers wilt be given by
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G.
Branch No. 11 of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society will give its regular quarterly
entertainment at Alcazar Social Hall, 120
O'Farrell street, on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 26. The committee ot arrangements
promises a very attractive programme
and assures all who attend of a pleasant
evening. The proceeds of the affair go
toward the relief fund of the brancu,
which is a sufficient reason why the en
tertainment should be well sttended. The
ladies have numerous and pressing calls
for assistance and request their friends to
attend t c entertainment and help them
in their work of charity.
The regular rally of St. Mary's Cathe
dral branch of the League of the Cross
will take place on Thursday evening,
February 18. The exercises will be given
under the auspices of Company A, Leaguo
of the Cross Cadets. A programme of un
usual excellence is to be presented, ia
cluding an address by a very prominent
local orator. An invitation to attend is
extended to the general public.
The Third Swedenborgian Society of
this City has engaged Washington Hall,
in Red Men's building, lor Sunday morn
ing services, commencing to-day. The
pastor, Rev. J. S. David, will preach on
"The Flood and the Ark."
The forty hours' adoration will com
mence in St. Jjrancis' Church, Vallejo
street and Montgomery avenue, to-day
at the 11 o'clock mass" and close Tuesday
morning. Tue opening sermon at the
mass will be preached by the rector, Rev.
T. Caraber, and his snbiect will be "The
Sacred Synaxis of Sion." Rev. H. H.
Wyman of the Pauli^t Fathers will preach
in the evening at 7:30 o'clock on "The
Historical Latria ot tlie Eucharist," and
Monday evening Rev. Father McQuaide
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIOIEER.
Retiring Auction Sale of Japanese Art
Goods and Bamboo Furniture.
TO-MOKROW (MONDAY), FEB. 1, 1897,
On the premises, 418 Larkin si., commencing at
2 and 7:30 P. m. and continuing daily until ail la
sold.
By ord»r of B. MITBUMOTO I will spII :ho
above well-stocked store witriou: reserve, cotmist-
ing of Fine An Cups and iSauceis, Vases, Jardin-
iers. screens. Elegant Bamboo Furniture, Shelv-
ing, Showcases, eic.
A.s tue owner a?aires to leave for Japan as soan
as possible the goods must be sold quick ; so c •me
early and secure a bargain.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
of Holy Cross Church will preach upon
"Holy "Communion." On Friday evening
February 5, Father John Cullen wil
preach upon "Devotion to the Sacred
Heart."
AFTER DIVORCE, LIBEL
A Berkeley Schoolteacher Will
Make a Fight for Her
Honor.
Her Friends in the Baptist Church
Say It Is All Due to Her
Husband.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,*
908 Broadway, Jan. 30. (
Mrs. Clara Elliot, a Berkeley school
teacher, has filed a complain: ior criminal
libel against Editor John Hanacom of the
Berkeley Gazette. The charge is the out
come of a divorce case in which Mrs. El*
Hot Spared as plaintiff a few weeks ago.
The article complained of appeared in
the Gazette of the 9th of January and is
of some length, and Mrs. Elliot takes the
greatest exception to the- following para
graphs:
As one side of a story is considered good un
til the other is told, there is a little more to
relate in the experience of Mrs. Elliot in mat
rimonial adventures. If our information is
correct there is a strong probability that she
will soon enter again iiito the business of mar
ried life, although two chapters iv this book
do not seem to have set her against It.
Her first adventure may not have been
enougn to fill tne aching void. Of that the
record as yet does not show, but of the second
it has assuredly not been an overwhelming
success. Naturally there la cause for it. Our
news-gatherer was informed that the young
lady, who is only of about 22 and
yet, as far as personal appearance may indi
cate, of several more winters, had transferred
her affections to ft young office-seeker oi West
Berkeley. In fact, ho iurther learned that the
young lady had also to resist the attentions of
a young butcher residing at, tue West Eud,
who never could lake an order in her back
yard In less than half an hour, and the bill
was nvvur sent in.
Mrs. Elliot is a prominent member of
tne Baptist church, and in her complaint
she says that she does not contemplate
matrimony; that she can produce receipts
from her butcher, and declares that her
actions were ever in accord with her re
lipious teachings.
The divorce case of the Elliots at
tracted some attention on account of the
part taken by a young girl named Rosa
who fell in love with Mr. Elliot, and to
whom he frequently wrote and gave pres
ents. Even after the girl was taken out
to the Beulah Home Elliot followed her,
and was frequently seen in the neighbor
hood until warned to ceased his attentions
to h«r.
Mrs. Elliot is regarded In Berkeley as a
hiehly respectable woman, and her nu
merous friends resent the insinuations
against her character.
1314
MURDERED BY AN
UNKNOWN HAND
Mrs. Maria Sprinznik Shot
to Dsath, Her Slayer
Escaping.
Her Lifeless Body Found by T.
Schroff, Who Notified
the Police.
Fran* Wolf, the Woman's Escort, Is
M ssing, and Hs Is Saspscted
of the Crime.
A mysterious and foul murder occurred
in a little three-room cottage in the rear
of 918 Montgomery street at about 5:45
o'clock last evening. Mrs. Marie
Sprinznik, a woman about 32 years .of
age, was found lying dead on the floor ol
her kitchen by Theodore Schroff, a gar
dener who occupied one of the rooms, at
5:50 p. M. The body was resting full
length in a pool of blood.
A ragged bullet-hole at the corner of the
woman's left eye. several black powder
burns on the distorted features and the
absence of any weapon with which the
deed might have been committed told the
story of a murder. Tne sound of the ahot
that ended the unfortunate woman's life
failed to reach the ears of her neighbors
and her slayer skulked quietly from the
scene of his crime and disappeared.
Mrs. Sprinznik was a married woman,
the wife of Franz Sprinznik, a tailor, who
occupies apartments at 622 Clay str.-er.
She left her husband about six months i
ago, and after casting about for a short
time met Franz Wolf, a man who earned
a livelihood laboring in an Alameda
County limekiln.
The friendship of the couple was soon
superseded by affection, and they went to
live in the cottage where the woman met
her death. Three days ago Schroff, who
found the body of the murdered woman,
rented one of the rooms. Night before I
last, according to his statements, the j
couple occupied the same room and ap- i
peared, judging irom their conversation,
the best of friends. Schroff left the house !
yesterday morning and went to Union I
Park, where he is employed.
At 2:30 p. m. Tommy Davis, a bright lad,
13 years of age, who resides with his
parents at 956 Montgomery street, noticed
Wolf leave his house. At 4 o'clock, an
hour and a half after Wolf departed, the
murdered woman was seen sweeping up
the stairway in front of her home.
She hnally entered her house, and was
not seen again alive. Schroff returned to
his room at 5:50 o'clock. The kitchen,
which is the first room entered through
the front door, was dark, and the unsus
pecting gardener walked almost up to the
dead body before he saw it.
When he saw the body he turned
and fled, alarming the neighborhood with
his shouts as he ran. Officer Dan Owens,
the once intended target or Mike Nolan,
with wnom he had a shooting scrape on
(■rant avenue a few months ago, heard
the gardener's shout and hurried to the
SLene. Finding that he had a murder on
his bands Owens whistled for Officer D. G. j
Bell and th6y returned to the Sprinznik
house.
Tne body was still warm, as was a flat
iron resting on an ironing-board a Jew 1
feet away, and blood was slowly oozing
fiom the outlet would in the head.
The Coroner's and Captain Lees' offices
were immediately notified, and in a snort
time Deputy Coroners Tyrreil and Mc-
Inne* and Detectives Dillon, Crockett. Bee
ar<i Seymour arrived on the scene.
Tue tody waj removed to the Morgue
ana the detectives besjan to study me
ca«e. After an hour's work they decided
that altnjQueh 'A'oif nad not been seen in
the neighborhood of the killing since 4
o'clock Jie must know something about
the murder. They searched for him, but
up to a late hour he had eluued capture.
Without doubt, Mrs. Sprinznik ex
re c ted trouble with borne of her acquaiai
ances.
Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Antone, who
resides on the ground floor of 916 Mont
gomery street, visited the murdered
woman. At that time Mrs. Sprinznit
told lier that there was a revolver Jaudcn
under the mattress on tier bed. The
murdered, woman asked Mrs. Antone to
remove tae cartridges, saying she was
afraid of firearms.
The matter was finally dropped, h6w
ever, and the pistol remained loaded. Last
evening when tne body was found, a
thorough search of the house failed to
bring tiie revolver to iiKht. Undoubtedly
the murderer used it, and after having
slain his victim put it in his pocket and
escaped.
The woman's husband, Franz Sprinz
nik, is a tailor and works and lives at 622
Clay street. He was, notified of the mur
der by Detective Seymour ana appeared
to be "grief str;cken at his wife's death.
He was taken befoie Captain Lees and
SEW TO-DAY.
"<&. ' jo* Wfco wins In the
**" HL*si race? Is it a sick, man?
I . * s lt; a man who * 6
J"."\ weak? Ib it a man
y^^Mri^N whose blood is impure?
' f 1 .^V>^ An athlete trains for
i KsL^ B?3ir*L^ every race. The best
/jjfSmiS^^ athletes train all the
IB ~WKf time They are always
IF rW^\ n P er^ ect condition.
If r*'* l *wB& II is P rett safe t0 sa >'
kSJ ■ w TJSB thal the V est man will
%. 'JRs always win. The man
/ ft v «ffl| who is strong and in
// N *~*lks the best condition will
ill I A^Bs surely distance his
A l\i / U^CQ competitors.
'Ill' ill r^BL • n tne race or 9UC '
m\inl>|^« ■ ces3, the best man will
\l\\v 111* W * M '*" c takes care of
I *l\ \M himself. He cannot
l\\ v\ H win if he neglects his
UV\\ Jm physical condition. It
*i^Nv JTa doesn't make any dif-
O fefence how smart he
ujS^^x is. If his body isn't
1 strong, he will never
finish the race. He must look first" for a
clear, healthy, strong body, because the
body makes and supports the brain. If the
heart pumps impure blood. into the brain,
you cannot expect the man 'to be clear-
headed, you cannot expect him to accom-
plish much. If a man's blood is pure and
rich, there can not be much the matter with
him. If it isn't pure and rich, he may have
almost any disease under the sun, and Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery will
cure it. It doesn't make any difference
what form the disease takes, or by what
name .it is called. Nearly all diseases
spring from impure blood. If you make
the blood pure, you remove the cause and
cure the. disease. That's common sense—
and medical sense— and scientific sense. . ,
You might v learn, a thousand valuable
lessons about preserving your health by
_^ft 4? reading Dr. Pierces Common
BE^iii^ I**1 *** 'Sense Medical Adviser. It is
ft a' grand book' and the present
I ? ***»& edition is absolutely free to
I«»*L BmS?«{ all who send 21 one-cent
■V&tp **s?s stamps, to cover cost of mail-
*"*■ B "* ing only. It contains 1008
I' B- - pages and over 300 engrav-
L 1 '£*'• " I^ 9 680,000 cloth-bound cop-
PL ies have been sold at $1.50
"^iX3^ each. This free edition is
in strong manilla paper covers, otherwise
it is just the «am%. : Address World's Dis-
t •ensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
MRS. SPRINZNIK, the Murdered Woman.
made a statpment aa to his wife's connec
tion with Wolf.
He said that, he and his wife, who was
about 32 years of age, were married seven
years ago. They both belonged to Styria,
in Austria. They came to this City, and
about eleven months ago, while living at
930 Harrison street, he became av*areof
the fact that Wolf and his wife were inti
mate and h: 1 separated from her. For the
past seven months Wolf and his wife had
been living together as man anri wife.
Two weeks ago she sent Schroff to him to
tell him that she wanted to live with turn
again, as AVoif was bea;ing her.
Sprinznik replied that she knew where
to find him and if she wanted 10 speak to
him she could come herself. He had not
seen her for the past three or four months.
The woman had about $70 in bans and
"Wolf was always trying to get her to give
him the money. Two weeks ago he gave
her a severe beating because she refused
to give n:m some money, blacking her
eyes. He went to Schroff, who was a
friend of Mrs. Sprinznik, and borrowed $o
from him. Mrs. Sprinznik told Schroff
that if Wolf did not pay back the $5 she
would.
August Neber, an accordion-player, for- I
merly living at 918 Montgomery street, j
gave the following <ie-crir>tion of Wolf to I
the police: Franz Wolf, 33 years of age, !
hair blonde, small sandy mustache, brown
eyes, fair and pale complexion, medium
build, height about 5 feet ti}4 inches, '
The Room Where the Murder Was Committed.
weight 145 pounds, stoopshouldered, ner
vous, jerky walk, used to be employed at
the borax works in Alarneda.
Neber and Sprinznik ars assisting the
detectives in tracking the supposed mur
derer.
INSURANCE MEN OBJECT.
The Assessment Insurance Men Say
the Proposed Legislation Is Un
desirable.
There are some bills now pending before
the Assembly on the subject of insurance
to which the assessment insurance men of
this City are strongly opposed and which
they claim are hostile to the public in
terests. They are numbers 122, 123 and
130. Their purpose is to amendthe act re
lating to insurance which was passed in
1891. This act was modeled on the best
insurance laws of ihe Eastern States, with
3ome modifications to meet the special
conditions of California, so say the in
surance men. Like all laws, after the
test of experience it was found to have
some defects, but it is claimed tuat the
amendments proposed do not remedy
these evils, but actually open the door for
evils to come in which would be effectually
barred by letting theold law stand as it is.
One of the deficiencies of the law of
1891 is that it does not provide any pen
alty for the violation of the requirement
that a sum equal to the largest policy is
sued by any corporation shall be depos
ited with the State Treasurer for the se
curity of the policy-holder. The report
of tne Insurance Commissioner, pub
lished in 1896, and covering the year 1.895,
shows that this provision of the law has
been disregarded. Some of the insurance
men think that the amendments needed
are tnat the Commissioner should be pro
vided with sufficient authority and suffi
cient money to enforce the law of 1891.
The objections pointed out by the oppo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 189 T.
nents of the proposed legislation are that
the general effect of the amendments be
fore the Assembly would be practically
prohibitory 10 tne formation of new as
sessment companies and that it would
prevent the extension of the business of
those companies already formed into
other StatC3.
Some of these companies do business in
Imanyoiher States and this greatiy adds
j to their resources. Owing to the provi
i sions of the bill the California Commis
! sioner could not give the companies Here
j the certificate necessary to enable them to
I do business in other Slates under the re
-1 ciprocity and retaliation laws which are
! common to most of the States.
Perhaps the strongest objection to the
bill is that it is purposed to permit the in
surance companies to invest their assets
in anything except mining stock. An
other of the tbree bills provides for the
registration of policies, the effect of which,
it is claimed, would be to deceive the
people into a feeling of security because
of the registration, when really the sup
posed safeguard put up might be worth
less stock, but made a lawful deposit by
the companion bill.
Yet another feature condemned is that
one of the bills requires that the appli
cants for insurance shall each put up a
pro rata of the $5000 deposit with the
Treasurer.
It is contended that this restriction will
make it much more difficult to organize
mutual companies, but will add nothing
whatever to the security of the policy
holders.
It is reported that the Insurance Com
mi.-sioner will recommend a bill which is
to be so drawn as to remedy the features
objected to by the assessment insurance
men.
ARBOR DAY.
A Bill to Bo Presented to Ordain Febru-
ary 23 for That End.
The following bill will be presented to
the Legislature by Assemblyman Matthew
Canavan of Marin County, in co-operation
with others:
An act to designate a day to be called Arbor
day. The people of the State ol California,
represented in Senate and Assembly, doennrt:
BBCTION 1. The 22d day of February, 1897,
and each succeeding 22d day of February
thereafter, is hereby designated and called
Arbor dny, for the purpose of encournging
public and private tree, shrub and flower
planting.
Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of the Governor
of this Siate and the Mayor of each city and
town within the State to participate in public
planting of trees, and that they shall person
ally plant Bt least one tree, shrub or flower in
or on some public square, park or roadside on
Arbor day.
Bee. 3. In such parts of this State as the cli
matic conditions are not conducive to tree,
shrub and flower planting at the season of the
year herein designated it shall be the duty of
Boards of Supervisors to designate such a day
as iray best suit the climatic conditions of said
county.
Sec. 4. This act shall take effect from and af
ter its passage and approval.
Justice Garroutta Is Coming Home,
Associate Justice Garroutte of the Supreme
Court, who has been in Honolulu and Japan
for his health, is expected to arrive here about
February 4 from Yokohama.
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market at. , S. F. *
HAWLEY SAYS THEY
ARE NOT TRUE
Takes Exceptions to the
Charges Made by R.
Peixotto.
Grapples Vigorously With the
Foreman of the Present
Grand Jury.
Figures Arrayed lo Shew How the
O.d B ard of Education Ex
pended Public Money.
Charles H. Hawley, chairman of the
Supply Committee of the Board of Educa
tion in 1895, and chairman of the Finance
Committee of the same board in 1896,
takes exception to the charges made by R.
Feixotto, foreman of the Grand Jury, con
cerning a waste of funds of the School
Department. Mr. Hawley has prepared a
statement, which is as follows:
The article published in the Examiner of
January 29 relating to the wasting of public
school funds is a slanderous misrepresenta
tion of facts and figures.
.Mr. Peixotto has not stepped his foot inside
the oflice of the Board of Education since he
became a member of the Grand Jury. The
Board of Education Committee of the Grand
Jury and its expert have made several visits,
and hnd they taken the trouble to investigate
both at the board and storeroom they would
not have made such a false report.
While <J. W. Colby has b.eu storekeeper and
Percy King his assistant for the School De
partment during the lnst administration. I
deiy Mr. Peixotto or any member of the Grand
Jury to prove where even one desk or a piece
of furniture has not been accounted fur and a
receipt shown for the same.
Mr. Peixotto in his article says; "The
record during the fiscal year 1895-96 shows
aiv expenditure of $28,038 70 for furniture.
The committee has been unable to find the
articles so purchased, and to cap the climax
not only the appropriation has disappeared,
but a deficit of $86,572 10 was created."
The lurniture uccouut on the books of the
board not only includes actual furniture
bought, but all supplies purchased by the Sup
ply Committee tor the use oi the department,
i xcept stationery and physical apparatus. If
a. so include* ail labor demands charged to
said committee.
Instead of a deficit of $80,571 16 there was
a surplus of 941.277 25 carried over from the
n>c«l yenr 1893-iHi.
Mr. Peixotto says: "For permanent improve
ments there whs expended $38,887 97, for
erection of buildings $15,280 54, ior repairs
$25,40129. What the Grand Jury is particu
larly interested in knowinp is where are the
repairs, new buildings and permanent im
provements and new larniture for which the
late board says they paid out if 102,084: 50,
there being no school erected during the fiscal
year closed in June, 189(i."
For the information of Mr. Peixotto and the
Grand Jury 1 will give them a few facts and
figures which their expert should have found
out as they are a matter of record and very
easily obtained, I submit the following:
Furniture account— Total amount c iar;ed to ac
count during 1893-96, $23,038 70; deauct amount
pjirt for lubor and charn«(l to account by s-upply
Commit cc. $4436 64-.f18.602 06. Actually spent
for furniture, etc., 1895: Jmv account, paid for
ilf-ks, 9=65t» -1; August account., paid for des^s,
$618 41: September account, paid for desks,
$784 87; Oc:ober account paid for desks, $1,
--831 48; November uccount, paid lor dejks, $1,
--395 32: November account, paid for seats in the
auditorium of the Gins' Hiscti School, $2472;
December account, paid for rear seats, UI9UU;
November and December account, paid for
scales, $188— 510,149 29. Balance, $8452 77.
The balance of $8452 77 charged to furni
ture account was tor all other supplies pur
chased by the Supply Committee for' the use of
the schools, except stationery and physical
apparatus (which is a pa-ate account) dur !
ing the entire year. There being so many dif
ferent articles it is Impossible to name them all.
Note — desks are purchased under con
tract, competitive bids being received once a
year. *
Account of permanent Improvements and erec
tion of building*: Total amount charged perma
nent improvement account. $88,887 94: total
amount charged erection of buildings account,
$15.286 64. Total, $54,174 58.
Principal expenditures: Demands audited
against said fund July. 1895— M. C. BrennaD,
North Cosmopolitan school. $2800: J. J. u'Br.eD,
James Lick school, $4000; W. J. Wright, Lasuna
Honda School, $184: Penebsky, moving Laguua
Hond* School, $100: P. H. Fay, Potrero School.
»'BB 50; L. K. Clawson, chimney, pipes, etc.,
$11185: C. T. Havens, architect fees, $59 3 50.
To.al, $7877 85.
August, 1895— M. C. Hrennan, North Cosmo
politan school. $3026 95; J. J. O'Brien, James
Licit School. $2540: C. I. Havens, architect feei,
$.18 51): U. 11. T»y, beating i'eabody School,
$15t-0; William Linden, contract P--abodv Bcho il,
$3*7 50; Holm <fc S.. contract Peaoody school,
$295 25: Townsend, aicbitect fees, Peabody
School, $222 80. Total, $B*2l.
September, 1895— M. C. Brennan, North Cos
mopolitan Si hool. *i!K0O: W. J. Wright, Laguna
Honda School, $108: C I. Havens, arcniteot fees,
$195. October— J. J. O'Brien. James Lick School,
$J-uO. ■ November— M.. C Bronnan, North cos
mopolitan School, 82350: William Linden, Rich
mond School, $1000 c. I. Havens, architect fees,
$.! 4 75. Total. «8977 75.
December, 1»95— William Linden, Sutro School,
$1140: C. I. Havens, arcnliect fees, $386 35.
January, 1896— C. Brnnnau, North Cosmo
politan school, *3367 50; William Linlen, isutro
School, $1453; William Linden, Richmond School,
$1141.
February, 1896 — William Linden, Richmond
School, 8725 ; William Linden, Sutro school, $900;
C. 1. Havens, architect fees, $330 95.
March, 189tt— Oray Bros., Dudley Stone School,
$1286 94; Zellnalcy, painting Dudley Stove school,
$515. •
April, 1896— Miscellaneous contracts Dudley
Stone School, $7957 80. , ■ . -
May, 1896 — Miscellaneous contracts . Dudley
Stone ScbOOl, $4803 90: M. C. Brennan, North
Cosmopolitans hool, $382 50; C. 1. Havens, archi
tect fees, $342 42. V '
June. 896— cooper and Douglas schools, $798.
Grand total, $50,866 96.
Note— All contracts for' Dudley Stone School
were let by the Supervisors, the others by the I
Board of Education. ..•
The small balance of the fund, amounting
' '-'■-■ ■ ■ . : '..' ■■ . ■ ■ '. . ■ • :■'■;■
NEW TO-DAY.
The
Secret's Out!
I
First told in a whisper, now talked pretty
loud. It's a smoke for the best judges of a
good cigar. TO KEEP PACE WITH RE-
DUCTIONS IN ALL OTHER COMMO-
DITIES, THE
Jackson Square
Cigar
I
Is sold for FIVE CENTS by all dealers.
Strictly Cuban hand made.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
300-302 Battery Street, S. F,
to $3307 02. was spent for numerous small Im
proveraents, which show on the books.
From July 1, 1896, to Jenuary 1, 1897, the
followins contracts were awarded and paid
for by the last board under permanent im
provement fund:
Building Bernal Heights School. $27.732 50;
sanitary closets, Columbia school, $4444 50: sani
tary c osets, etc., Harrison School. $5263 82; sani
lary clo<ets, Denman school, $H95: improve
ments, Cooper School. $10 211 77; improvements,
Longtellon- school, $3990; improvements, Lafay
ette School, $5781 30; whitfiiilnK and painting
schools, $12,866 2H. Total, $72,V!85 17.
In regard to the repair account, amounting
to $25,461 29, it would be Impossible forme
to give an itemized account oi said fund, as
the items are very numerous and the fund
was spent under the supervision of the Build
iug and Grounds Committee. The amount
spent on the Girls' High School laboratory is
under tne same committee.
The above will prove what a false report the
foreman of the Graud Jury has submitted to
the public, and I hope in his future reports
he will refrain from his slanderous remarks
about the last board until he can prove his
assertions. Keipecifully submitted,
CHARLES H. HAWLEY.
Chairman Supply Committee, 1895.
Chairman Finance Committee, 1896.
REICHLING ESTATE.
Ex-Judge Davis Won His Point in Judge
Slack's Court Yesterday.
Ex-Judge Davis of Amador County ap
peared in Judge Slack's court yesierday
on behalf of the legatees under the will of
the late Louis F. Reichling and asked that
special letters of administration be granted
to George Goodman, who was named in
the will as one of the executors.
Attorney Adams on behalf of Albert
Reichlin^', a brother of the deceased, ob
jected to any such order. He said that
Albert Reichiing is more competent than
any other person to manage the business
of the estate.
Judge Slack said he recognized the fact
that the court could use its discretion and
there could be no relief to the losing party,
because the law did not permit the faking
of an appeal from such an order. Yet the
court would rule as Judge Coffey had de
cided in the matter 01 tue estate of Jean
nette Held, when it was said: "In mak
ing the appointment of a special adminis
trator the court must give preference to
the person entitled to letters testamentary
or of administration."
The court had no doubt that this is law,
and therefore Mr. Goodman was granted
special letters.
Large interests are at stake in the settle
ment of this estate, and it is quite proba
ble that there will be a contest among the
relatives before the $100,000 worth of prop
erty is distributed.
NATIVE SONGS TO ENTERTAIN.
A Grand Celebration of the Opening of
the Mason- Street Hall.
The Hall Association of the Native Sons
of the Golden West will, on February 11,
celebrate the first anniversary of the com
pleiion of it 3 new building on Mason
street, between Post and Geary, with a
grand entertainment and dance, to be
held in the large hall within the building.
Committees were appointed by the board
of directors at its last meeting to take the
arrangements in charge, and an extensive
and attractive programme has been pre
pared ior the evening. The entertain
ment will be made up of musical and lit
erary numbers, and the talent secured
consists of many of San Francisco's lead
ing artists.
The new building of the fraternity was
dedicated on Sunday, February 9, 1896.
and the grand baK, the opening event in
the large social hall, was held on the fol
lowing Tuesday evening. This was a
brilliant affair, and there were present the
grrand officers and a large gathering of
Native Sons, Native Daughters and their
friends. All the parlors of the iraternity
within the City are enlisted in the prep
arations lor tue anniversary celebration
and the close of the first year in the his
tory of the new building, which has been
a most successful period, will be fittingly
marked.
STOLE A DIAMOND PIN.
Frank Smith and Thomas Kackie i
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Frank Phillips, the well-known turf
man, was on a crowded car Friday even- j
ing going from the Ingleside track. Two
men pushed against him, and one of
them deftly extracted his diamond pin
from his scarf.
Phillips was aware of the theft and kept
his eye upon the two men. When the car
reached Twenty-ninth and Mission streets
the two mm jumped off and Phillips fol
lowed them. He met Policeman JUdner,
and told him of the theft, and EJner over
took and placed the two men under ar- j
rest. They gave the names of Thomas
Kackie and Frank Smith, Kacfeie being
the man who stole the pin.
A crowd gathered round the officer, and
the two prisoners and a man pushed up !
to Kackie, held his hand over his mouth, |
and Kackie, who had the pin in his mouih, j
passed it to him. The man who got the '
pin immediately handed it to Phillips, !
and begged him not to prosecute Kackie |
and Smith.
Edner took the two men to the Seven
teenth-street police station, and later they
were conveyed to the City Prison. Yes
terday morning they we're booked on the
chame of grand larceny.
Ancient Rome.
The fifth and last lecture in the university |
extension cour.se at the Young Men's Cnris- '
tian Association will be given at the associa- j
tion auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, next i
Tuesday evening, by Professor (Jrossof the
University of the Padfic. The evening's sub- j
ject will be "Ancient Rome," and the lecture I
wi 11 be accompanied by mauy most excellent ■
stereopticon views. Professor Cross has had |
large audiences at his lectures in this course, i
and they have been extremely enjoyable and
helpful. The lecture on Rome will be one of
the very best of the course. The public is ad
mitted to the lecture.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. !
LACE CURTAINS! *
LICE CURTAINS!
Our customers are informed that we have
purchased from the manufacturer 1500
PAIRS ECRU NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR-
TAINS and will offer them, commencing
MONDAY, February Ist, at
; V
The above Curtains measure 60 inches in
width, are S\ yards long and come in 27
different designs. At the price quoted they
are
BONA=FIDE BARGAINS!
gSF' Country orders receive prompt attention.
£HF- Goods delivered free In San Rafael, Sausallto, Blitha-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
1892 — — . — gSF §L. "qJtu
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO I
I BLACK GOODS 9
| HOUSE. I
B Requiring more space 9
H for the unusual increase E
I in our Black Goods De- E j
1 partment, we are com- 1 |
9 pelled to close out our I
I UNDERWEAR
I DEPARTMENT I
H Including Combination H
H Suits, Equestrian Tights, I
g Vests and Drawers of the 9
B most standard makes 1
j ' FAR BELOW COST.
M — |
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPAQ, |
|| 23 Geary St., Near Kearny. |
|| Telephone Grant 518. |
KHIH3HHHHHI^BBHKBHiBB9BHHI
t
PRICES ALWAYS THE LOWEST.
TERMS ALWAYS THE EASIEST.
We Challenge Comparison on Our
STYLES QUALITY
PRICES VARIETIES i
Largest .stock of Low and
Medium Priced Goods on
the Pacific Coast.
:-...-..-■-• . ; .•-...
Stoves, Furniture, Showcases,
Ranges, Carpets, Counters,
Blankets, Bedding. Desks,
Comforts, ■"• flattings, Bars. !
WE HAVE 2 ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE.
We're Ready for Business.
CASII OR EM TIME PAYMENTS.
J. 3STOO3ST A.3ST
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-522 Minna atree..
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 41. Open Evening?.
DR.MSNDLTY.
THIS\VE[XKXO\VN AND RKLTABLK OUi
.1 Specialist cures Blood mill skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power rcstoreil. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, rep. Patients
cured at Home. : Terms reasonable. -Hours. 9 to 3
daily ; 6:30 toS.:»ev'cs. Sundiiys.lOtoli , Consulta-
tion free and sacredlycontldentlal. Call or address
P. BOSCOE 3MCNITI.TT, M. ».,
26.^ Ktaui) Street, Sun 1 rauiiH'o. Cal.
Every Dog
Has his day
Every day
Has its night
With night comes dark-
ness, with darkness
you need light.
We can
Save You Money!
SPECIAL
SALE™.
LAMPS!
Regular . This
Week
Price Price
/(All DAISY MIGHT LAMP I *)f\C
tIU I with shade | ZU
QXCI GLOW NIGHT LAMP I t)/\C
OO I with shade | ZU
Q^CI BiSC-aTAND LAMP j TTuj I
OO I with shade | 4U i
Q-C I GLASS TABLh LAMP I OfkO j^~
do I 9me ips high | ZU
frnU I GLASS "TABLE LAMP I oTiC
OU I 13 Inches high | &\J
fflji Or Bisc-fIaishLIBUARY "
•CSJ..Z/U LAMP, rose decorated ore
■ '_ shade OO
SE I If) BISU PA "LOU LAMP, ' • ' "
*$)U.\J\J decorated stiade, I <rr. o C* "
< enter draft • jtihZ.DO
001 ws ,^ I'IBRAKY LAMP, I ffi?O CU\
*$\J.\J\}\ silkshad>, center draft | tft>O. \J\)
tg O. v/u l silk shaoe. center draft |<Jfi-J.lO
<feQ r )() I CV iD I!AK( LAMP,! ,11. 1 7 r
tgO.»JV/| silk shade, center draU I-pI . < O
°.n C I "* ETCHED i (TKd
ov 1 GAb globes I ZU
DUX' * 5-picce . 1n ' in-itt 1 n
DIUVKS >XT IJU I saucer lOC
0000000000-000
AN EXCELLENT
TI7rT!? AT Properly prepared and
I VI r\r^ 1 promptly served, can
i " -« LL/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decided the T\ AT Af 'I
Most Popular MA 1 A ( H
Dining Apart- 1 Al>n.VjLj
fiiit in town. Hjrt^E'iynffTnprif^^^^^ "-'^- -'^* \ mcnj
0000-000000000-
HOf^[Dß. HALL'S RE!SV!GOR.im \
%isTß*y!Fsk Five hundred reward tor nnj- caj; T
M 33 ' BBj cannot care. THIS BBUUKT HEM.
3 __w KuY stop? all losses lv a* hours.
•SeS MWI cures Emissions, Impotency, Varied
Rrfl rf?nl cole ' .'i < ? no t » a - ■ -Gleet. Fits, Strio
UliU hTj lures, Blood Disease and all wa«,in.
PS ■I effects ot Self- Abuse or Kxce, a\*
Q^Wiqiri^J sent sealed. $2 per bottle. I'HK- j
BOTTLES, *5: Guaranteed to cure any caaa.
; DX. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE
[i 865 Broadway. Oateland, Cat •
-An pnvata OiaejutM nulcJUy curcO. bead imThe Soldier of the Unided States Army of Today
HT*' 0 those survivors of the Civil War }
vK^ who endured months or years as
jl^ soldiers in the ranks in the service
of the United States army, and who were
familiar with the quality and type of
soldierbood at the period of the close of
hostilities, and whose regard for the army
moved them to maintain for it the interest
of an observer during the few years follow
ing their return to civil life, the army of .
to-day is as strange and remarkable as
4 ugn they had never known its exist
"■F The zone of soJdierhood in times of
■p»ace in the army of past days was a sort
Vi reformatory. For the sake of its disci
pline it was upon it that the family of
any grade shed the wayward son; where
the abandoned fellow of good breeding
went to spue his kindred ; the jilted lover
to dismay his inamorita; there thousands
went to curb their appetites for strong
drink: and there, too, he whose past ex- |
ploits had rendered oblivion a state to be
preferred found the seclusion which he
sought. The ranks of the army teemed
with moral freaks, with the slough of in
dustry, with the "ne'er-do-weels," and
though, as in all large aggregations of in
dividuals, it contained many good men,
5 et by reason of the fact that its file? have
aiways been recruited through voluntary
enlistment, it had to take what happened
to be offered, and there have been periods
in our National history when the offerings
for military service were not of the best.
But the increase and long continuance j
ot hard times among the laboring classes j
has in recent years produced an enormous ,
change in the moral standard of the per
sonnel of the army's rank?. In those old ■
days, wh"n any man could come into the
great land-ocean of the West and pre
empt 160 acres of arable soil, work for the
adjoining farmer, wbo was glad to get a
neighbor, while he was waiting for the
growth of his first crop, or live through the
interval on the buffalo which roamed in
sight of his shack— when such was the
condition the grade of the men who are ]
now filling up the ranks of the army were
pushing their way into the West, many of
hem to become millionaires of the sec- i
WE HAVE HERE THE MOST COSMOPOLITAN PUBLIC SCHOOL IN ALL AMERICA
ij?fIv.FTER the first-grade pupils of the
>|L 4 i Broadway Grammar school had
X\'Lj gone through \.'ith their custo
mary morning exercises, putting imag
inary families (represented by the differ
ent letters of the alphabet, whose sound
they gave correctly) into houses pictured
upon, the blackboard, had concentrated
their Knowledge of the various pitches of
tone according to the tonic sol fa sys
tem and sung unitedly and musically ' O.d
Black Crow," tUe teacher, wishine to
gratily the curiosity of an interested vis
itor, exclaimed: "All the children who
speak French may stand up."
In response perhaps a dozen out of the
sixty children enrolled arose to their feet,
giving opportunity to study type, char
acter and history in each little face.
Among them Julie Ferrer, whose mother
is a laundress, was perhaps the most per
fect type of childish beauty. Another
who attracted particular attention was
Phiiiphena Miceau, the daughter of a
butcher. Her delicate, clear-cut face, sur
rounded by a mass of light hair combed
back with what seemed a natural pompa
dour effect, suggested a portrait of the
unfortunate Marie Antoinette.
"All who speak Italian may rise."
There was a rustle, a clatter of slates upon
desks, a quick movement of little feet, and
the number standing was largely in
creased. The most interesting of these
young Italians looked the visitor solemnly
in the face, with exnressive dark eyes, and
said her name was Vingenzie Cz'zgni.
When csked her age she replied, "I'm 6
an<P3over." Another child of the same
nationality, and who is acknowledged to
be the brightest in the department, ven
'iuired the information that her father was
-^"chrt man and found lots of things";
also, that "ne didn't give them back,
either."
The faces of those who responded to the
call for the children of Spanish parents
showed both .nlexican and Castilian
blood. These children are dreamy little
creatures, and the majority show less in
clination for study than those of other
races. Among them, however, was one
tiny tot wno se emed alert with energy.
Her exceedingly dark face, so small that
it couM be easily hidden by a man's palm,
showed her to be of Mexican parentage.
In watching her the thought occurred to
the visitor that to adherents of theosophy
the weird, small face if little Martha
f-;ilizar might prove an interesting point
in their belief; for, in spite of her babyish
manners, her expression at times sug
i the idea that here might be the re
incarnation of some ancient Aztec, who
hail experienced all the emotions which
ever stirred the human heart
The next call was for the Swedish chil
dren, and the number that rose to theii
sturdy feet showe-i Sweden to be well rep
resented in that particular grade.
Alter the little Swedes several Austrian
children arose.
A child with yellow hair, great blue
eyr-p and a complexion in which the satiny
■ur ace and delicate coloring of a rose leaf
»<re snown, claimed to be Danish. Little
M nic Heldt said that her father was a
V i'ter and remarked: "We aie all going
rock to the oid country in the spring."
Another child with fl;xen hair, large
eyes sei wide apart, a wide, full forehead
ana face, whose general outlines suggested
squareness looked eagerly at those stand
in? ns though desirous ot joining them.
"What are you, Minnie?" she was asked,
but she did not seem to comprehend.
ond decade following. But with the dis
appearance of the free arable land and the
narrowing of opportunities for employ
ment the clusters of applicants around
the recruiting offices began to enlarge, and
they have since been growing. This re
dundancy of applicants permitted the Gov
ernment to raise the standard of qualifica
tions for enlistment and the multiplica
tion of its tests almost to the degree of
fastidiousness, while as the volume of the
unemployed became greater the drafts for
the army began to leave the multitude of
freaks and unskilled laborers and ascend
to those of skilled laborers, clerfcs and,
the greatest of all, the sons of farmers.
It is of these sturdy elements that the
soldiery of the army is now made up.
Freaks, et cetera, do still apply, but they
are rejected in the measured volume of
their application, so that of the number
of offers for enlistment at piesent but an
average of 10 per cent are deemed avail
able. During the month of December,
1896, there applied for enlistment at all
recruiting stations of the United States
3271 men. Of these but 329 were accepted,
while the rejected numbered 2942. As
this was a specimen month of the twelve
it might be estimated that there were
offered for enlistment in the army during
1896 about 39,252 men, of which "J3,304 were
rejected and only 3948 were accepted.
Such being the density of the surge
about the doors of the recruiting station
it can be esteemed that for one to secure
entry into the army of to-day is to
be regarded as an attainment and a suc
cess. The applicant must be between the
ages of 18 and 30, and physically sound,
he must stand in his stocKings 5 feet and 5
inches, must have a proportionate chest
measurement and weigh a designated
number of pounds. Xor is his high
register in his score of bodily points
sufficient for his admission; his moral
nature, his habits of industry, must be
certified to by persons of standing in his
community, and his mental reach is then
subjected to tests by a sort of civil service
j examination. He must liave a common
! school education, and unless his attain
i ments ol'the educational sort are deemed
San Frar\cisco Has a Qrammar Qrade JKat Is Unique ir\ the Variety of Among Its fNjpils.
Only One GKild of /\merican Parentage in Attendance.
"What is Minnie Sundburg?" ques
tioned the 'encher of another child.
"Russian Finn," was the reply.
Then the German children arose, broad
faced, good-natured and some of them ex
ceedingly apt
Severai Slavonian children were in the
room, but none among the number dis
played unusual characteristics.
A child who had attracted attention by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
adequate to fit him for the soldier's duties
he may become enlisted, but subsequently
and while at his post he will be detailed
by the captain of his company to attend
school. Five days in the week until re
lieved and between the hours of 1 and 4
must this instruction as a part of his duty
be attended. Not alone this, but instruc
tion of the strictly military sort is on two
days a vreek by the company captain
given him in technical school. Of the
varied exercises, which in these periods
he is taught, a lone list might be made.
His very textbooks comprise a compen
dious library of military learning. In
deed, every position, every movement of
the fcoldier when on duly, his stepping to
the right or to the left, the turning one
way or the other is noted in these books
ana comprises the pabulum for his medi
tations. The whole life of the man at
arms is in the literature of his craft, and
he pursues his occupation defined by the
most inflexible rules.
Thus is the army of the United States
to-day made up. It is the sturdy stock of
the country who are shouldering its rifles
and mounting its guards. Men of every
conceivable mochanical occupation and
many professional ones are among the
enlisted. Sergeant Dean of tiie Presidio is
a stonecutter; Sergeant Woliltman is a
cigar-maker; Private Best, who has
charge of the dynamite guns, is an elec
trician. At Angel island I talked with a
non-commissioned officer who had been
for years a sewing-machine agent; with
another who had been an insurance agent.
There are men by scores who have been
carpenters, painters, cabinet-makers, ma
chinists, blacksmiths, wood-carvers. At
the Presidio there is a soldier who has
graduated as a physician; another who
has a diploma from the University of
Ohio; while of the various forms of clerks
there is a multitude which it would be
tiresome to reckon. Ask those men why
they came into the army and they will
say: "'Well, times got too hard on the
outside to make an honest living and I
had to take the best opening I could
find."
$13 per month for
The soldier receives
her perfect, classical features proved to be
one with a rizht to such h?rilage, for
Katelena Katrina is of Greek parentage —
a mother who goes out washing and a
father who is doubtless a fisherman; yet
should she reach womannood she will
possess one coveted gift, that of a
perfect face, according to accepted
rules of beauty. She replied to a question :
"I am Greet and a little American,"
the first: two years of his service; the
third year it is $16, the fourth $18, the fifth
$19. If he re-enlists it is $24, and for
every re-enlistment it is $1 per month ad
ditional. If he is made corporal he re
ceives $2 more; if sergeant $3, if first ser
geant $12 more. At the end of thirty
years of service he is retired on 75 per
cent of his pay and $7 50 per month for
rations. So that a soldier who enlists at
25 years of age would in his fifty -fifth year
be retired from the service with a monthly
stipend of say $35 or $420 year, equal to
interest at 5 per cent on $8400 of invested
capital.
In addition to all this the soldier is, of
course, clothed and fed, so that his wages
constitute his savings, and this he has no
need to touch; indeed, many men do not
touch it, but leave it undrawn in the
hands of the Government and are paid 4
per cent interest upon it. A man who did
not draw bis wages would at the
end of thirty years' service have
an accumulation of $4680, with per
haps enough interest to make the
sum a round $5000, which with his
pension would render him comfortably
well-to-do for the remainder of his years.
And as his course of army life is very
regular, his food most substantial, his
hours the most precise, this is all condu
cive to long life, so that when he retires
he is litely to have twenty or thirty years
yet to enjoy the benefits of hi 3 accumula
tions. If he becomes ill in the service he
receives the best of medical care, and if he
is disabled he is admitted to the Soldiers'
Home at Washineton, where he may lead
one of the most agreeable existences which
the ordinary mind can contemplate.
• But tnere are other sources of income to
the soldier besides his wages. Unless he
is married and living with his family upon
the reservation each company messes to
gether; each man's allowance for rations
is spent for the common body, and to this
is added a dividend from the profits of the
post store, which formerly enriched a sut
ler, but who has been abolished
under regulations of recent years. Ti:e
food they are served very much surpasses
that of the ordinary mechanic's family.
thinking, doubtless, that a proper value
would be placed upon the latter declara
tion. Looking at the beauty ni the child
face (a fillet of faded ribbon bound about
her head made the resemblance to models
of ancient, Grecian beauties more striking)
we thought of Sappho, of Aspasia, both
famed for mental attainments as well as
beauty, and wondered if this child with
her Grecian face and American environ
At breakfast, fried potatoes, bread, butter
and coffee; at dinner, soup, roast beef,
vegetables, bread and butter, pudding;
supper, bologna sausage, fried potatoes,
bread, butter and coffee, with variations
of the menu throughout the week. They
sleep, a squad of six or more, in a well
ventilated room on iron bedsteads, with
comfortable mattresses and clean sheets.
They have baths and barbers, and the
sanitary fittings of the barracks building
surpass tnose of the average institutional
structure in civil life.
If the soldier is economical in the use
of his clothing he need not draw his full
allowance of apparel; the value of the
difference between what he draws and is
entitled to is paid him in cash. But be
sides this there is usually open to the
soldier employment upon the reservation
in the line of his trade. He may be a
company clerk or employed in the quar
termaster's department in carpentering,
painting or machine work and when
such is the case he is relieved from all
duty except i^rill on Tuesdays. For this
service he receives extra pay of 5Q cents
per day. There is a youn2 man at' Angel
Island who, under the superintendency of
the post chaplain, teaches the school.
For this agreeable service of three hours
per day he receives $15 extra per month;
this brings cis pay up to $28 per month
and found. It is doubtfui if he couid
secure in civil life employment where he
could with less work clear more money
above his expenses with the certainty of
steady employment the year around than
in tiie army.
The soldier rises at 6:25, breakfasts at
6:40. There is a drill at 7 :30, and at 8:45
there is dress parade. Except on instruc
tion days this about completes his usual
duties. At 12 o'clock the day's work is
done and he is oft duty except a few min
utes at sundown, when retreat is sounded;
then all hands report their presence and
the tlag is hauled down at the cannon's
shot. An exception is made to this
regime of the average day when he mounts
guard. This service falls to him a few
times a month, when he must in shifts
stand sentry duty daring the twenty-four
ments and opportunities might not in
spite of her humble parentage attain to
celebrity by face or gifts in this iand of the
West.
After the more numerous representa
tives of foreign nations had risen to their
feet three" little girls remained sitting.
One of these, very tidy in appearance, had
a broad, amiable face, plentifully sprinkled
with freckles. She was born in Ireland
hours, as at all posts a guard mount is
always maintained.
Aside from this the life of the soldier is
one of leisure and pleasure. He smokes,
converses, read books, magazines, plays
cards, billiards, poors, roulette, visits the
City, and if he Is at Angel Island he at
tends once or twice a week a magic lan
tern exhibition given by Captain Hum
phries. Sometimes there is a company
minstrel show on the island, in which
Private Webb of H battery, who was once
an end man of Primrose, Thatcher & West,
is the leading spirit. At other times there
are balls and entertainments at Alcatraz,
the Presidio and l^ert Mason, to which a
night boat is specially run. Much of his
time during t6e afternoon is spent in ath
letic exercises. For from fifteen to twenty
minutes each day it is his duty to so exer
cise. One day of every month is set aside
as a field day, when a programme is pre
pared and a committee of officers award
prizes to successful competitors.
It can be seen that the duties of the sol
dier of to-day call upon his intelligence
more man upon his physical powers.
This has* come about through the intro
duction into the service of high-power
guns, of complex implements of war.
Even the Krag-Jorgensen rifle, now in
use, is an affair which needs an intelligent
man to handle, while the degree of men
tal equipment required of the man in the
artillery service demands a high grade or
type of the genus homo to provide it.
The technical instruction of the heavy
artilleryman ircludes exercises with the
azimuth instruments, the transit theodo
lite and studies of their parts and plates,
together with the perusal of such works as
Rodgers' tables, Whistler's Graphic ta
bles and other authorities, besides courses
in cordage, in which they are taught all
about tackle and the making of all known
knots.
The opening of a way from the ranks to
a commissioned officer — a recent change
in the law — has also drawn into the army
many high-grade aspiring men, who, hav
ing been unable to secure the influence of
a Congressman and appointment to West
Point, take this means to work their way
and had lived in this country Just one
year. Another was little Dora Mayne, the
only child of purely American parentage
among the number enrolled in the grade.
The third child— mistaken for Mexican
because of her duaky face and hair— proved
to be descended from California's primi
tive and earliest inhabitants. She is
called Mary Saunders and is a little waif
who was tossed from one charitable insti
into officerhood, which they may do
through study. The morale o f the army is
strictly guarded, and if any ruan should
so demean himself as to dis race his com
pany he would D 8 promptly reported to
the captain and either court-martialed or
ignominiously dismissed.
Most of me harsli punishments have
also been abolished from the army, it be
ing reooenized that there is no longer
need of them; for the worst punishment
of them all has come to be a dishonorable
discharge from the service. And this may
be made upon the peremptory order of a
company captain. The reward for the re
covery of a deserter has been reduced from
$60 to $10, and it is a standing maxim of
the army that "that there was never yet a
deserter worth $10." If a man deserts he
need not be alarmed that any blosdhound
hunt will be made for him. But there is
no need of any one deserting. If he wishes
to leave the service lie may, at
the end of two years, buy his
way out with $120, a sum which is re
duced $5 every succeeding month he re
mains with the army. When he is dis
charged he is given one day's pay and
30 cents for rations for every twenty milea
cf travel to his home, about twice as much
as his expenses in getting to his destina
tion. In short, the scheme of the War
Department at piesent is to take citizens
from ciyil life and educate them to be sol
diers, so that when they return to civil
life, as most of them do, there may be
among the body of the community trained
soldiers capable when called upon of de
fending their country and this without
the necessity of maintaining an immense
standing army. It is, therefore, for deal
ing with citizens, not abnormalities or
refugees, that the plane of soldierhood in
the army is to-day adjusted; and this
has nad its measure of influence in form
ing the type of soldier of the United
States who exists in the year 1897.
John E. Bennett.
The biggest university in the world is at
Cairo, Egypt — a country which is not
usually mentioned in educational statis
tics—and it has 11.0C0 students.
tution to another until finally an age
Mexican woman offered to care for her,
although this benefactor is dependent
upon her labor, which consists of sweep
ing and cleaning a restaurant, for a living.
Mary says "the sisters" clothe her, and
she is always cheeiful and happy, a child
of good intellect and possessing great
good nature and patience. The unselfish
thoughtfulness of this little Indian waif
might also serve as an example for many
of her companions more carefully trained.
As the children slowly resumed their
seats the thought suggested itself to the
visitor that here was an abundance of
material upon which the artist's pencil
might build a reputation.
Cherub faces and charming coloring;
expressions foreign to baby lineaments;
hints of sorrows or tragedies that have
descended as a heritage to innocence;
eyes foretelling the witchery and charm
of coming years; shrewd eyes, given to
draw conclusions in spite of declarations;
large, peaceful Madonna eyes, that would
look calmly UDon every phase of life.
There is abundant promise of talent as
well as beauty among these North Beach
schoolchildren; talent in music and skill
in drawing.
Some of the tots mentioned have sisters,
it is said, who possess voices of wonderful
sweetness, and the "big sister" of a little
Italian girl displays her artistic talent, as
did Watteau, by sketching groups. upon
the street with marvelous exactness,
Many of the children when first entering
the scnool can speak but little English;
under the excellent system prevailing,
however, they are not long in acquiring a
knowledge of the language. They are
quick to understand the advantage of
personal neatness insisted upon by the
teacher, and, young as they are, compel
attention to the condition of their cloth
ing when mothers are indolent or untidy.
In time these children of foreigners will
be classed as American girls, and who can
tell but through natural ability, inherited
in some cases from an ancestry Whose de
generacy was of later years, and the ad
vantages of training so lavishly bestowed
upon the youth of our public schools, ulso
spurred on by poverty in their home sur
roundings, as well as the contagious am
bition of American associates, there may
be many among these little women of for
eign nations that our land will be justly
proud to claim. Clara Iza Prick.
The Death-Dream of Armerxia.
A cry from pagan dungeons deep
To Albion old and brave;
A wail that startles from her sleep
Tne mistress of the wave.
We feel the thrill through England's soul
' Of noblest passions' birth:
We hear her drum-alarum roll
The circle of the earth.
When mothers kiss with pailid lips
The wounds of murdered sons,
We see the sailors on her ships
Leap to their shotted guns.
We hear her martial trumpets blow
The challenge of the free;
Her lean steel war-woives howling go
Through gateways of the sea.
The talons of her eagles tear
The vulture from his feast;
The lion mangles in nis lair
The tiger of the East.
Ah, what a cheer from Asia breaks
And roars along the dawn,
As rescue's battle-thunder shakes
The walls of Babylon !
—Will 11. Thompson in Century.
1516
PEN PICTURE OF A STATESMAN
JKe New Senator-Elect of Illinois and His
Big, Happy Family — The Wife Who Has
Beer\ His Inspiration and the t ■
Children Who /Ire Jlis
fYide and' Hope.
*S^ENATOR-ELE(3T MASON of lUi
•^"Hk,? nois has a family which runs up
>5"5.v in years lite the rounds in a step
iadder. The heads of tne children when
standing in a row make a series of
steps equal in number to those which
lead into his stone house in "Washington
boulevard, says the Chicago Times- Herald.
The right of the line is held by the first
son. Then there is a bunch of three girls.
This brings the height down to the num
ber of inches claimed by papa, and two
boys cciue about to his shoulder. The
ninth child is a boy— a bit taller than
pa's knee— the sixth and eighth bavin?
died some years ago. The big son likes
law, the three girls like music, the two
boys like skates and the baby likes
chickens.
Men who know Mr. Mason— and every
body must now forget tiie other titles and
call him mister — are not surprised at his
home. All the people in it inherit his na
ture and inherit ail the graces of the
mother. There is a corner on sunshine
under his vine and fie tree. Fa pa plays
the hand-organ, Lewis plays the fluie,
Ethel plays the piano, Ruth plays the vio
lin. Winifred plays the guitar. Willie
pls.ys the mandolin, Rod plays the banjo
and Lowell plays anything he ran get his
hands on. This is the Mason orchestra,
and it appears as often as papa gets in
from tbe stump, or as frequently as it ap
pears that the neighborhood will siand it
SENATOR WILLIAM E. MASON.
and not make protest. This is the only
way the household has to make life a real,
sensible, satisfying joke.
Papa is notjbetter fun in any man's home
than he is in his own. Mrs. Mason will
tell yon this. It is insisted by both that
they were married because they concluded
they had the right idea on home and were
to join hands in makiue a home whicb
would be more than four walls ana a
place to fro to when everything else was
closed up. He was as poor as Job's turkey
when he asked Edith M. White in Das
Moines to De Mrs. Mason. He had noth
ine but confidence in himseif, and he had
somehow — as men have a habit of doing —
led Miss White to think tha sun rose and
set on him. He had been a schoolteacher,
but he predicted that the country would
hear from him. He said he would be a
good husband — as men have a habit of
saying lv advance — and he meant it.
Papa did not do much besides getting
his name in the directory for a long time
after he came to Chicago. He lived in a
cozy flat — all flats are CTzy in the adver
tisements—with four or five rooms and a
pleasant, "sunny" bedroom looking out
against a dead wall painted white. He
was doing court reporting and spending
his evenings reading jokes irom the joke
books. Mrs. Mason dirt not see exactly
what bearings the jokes had on the future
or how tney were to neure in making the
country hear from the man she had mar
ried because she loved him. Papa studied
law wi.en he had time, and one day the
town was electrified — not — by noticing the
sign of a law firm of which Mason was
the junior partner and a man equally new
the senior partner.
It was along about this time that papa
was first called papa, and a son came to
help papa's jokes light up the sunny beti
room — with one window looking out upon
the broad and white dead wall. Mrs.
Mason kept a stout and confident heart
because she jad believed what papa said
when ti:ey sat huddled up on the sofa out
in Dcs Moines — one of those sofas where
there is always plenty of room in the day
time for six and barely space tor two when
the lights are low and the moon sifts a soft
glar-i through the curtains and the head
of the household is sleeping upstairs. Mrs.
Mason kept papa working /or fame, and
there came a chance to go into politics.
This was the change for the jokes and ora
tory, and papa went on the stump.
Illinois iiad never heard anything like
it. He talked in all the schoolhouses,
town halls, iodgerooms andmeetin' houses
from Pecatonica to Peru and crosswise,
and slipped back to town to talk it over
with Mrs. Mason and jump the one, two
or three babies on his knee. ThSVe was
no uiace like home. It was the encour
agement he got, at these visits that made
the inspiration, and when out in the mud
and slush of Egypt he shut his eyes and
kissed other people's babies because he
lound under each roof that he visited one,
two, three or four big enough or little
enough to remind him of some one of his
interesting circle in the big city which
was just beginning to know him and his
per.-istency. The Saturdays and Sundays
at home he taught his family the game of
politics, and it thereupon happens that
the mother, the boys and the girls in it
know the State leader as "Clarice of Mat
loon, or Cannon of Danville."
Papa came to the hardest and most im
portant tight in his life, and, following out
the plan of other years, he wanted Mrs.
Mason close at nana for advice and inspira
tion. She went to Springfisld. The girls
wanted to go, too. They had helped tix
up the list of delegates, and knew all
about the preferences of the men from the
country districts. There are a lot of small
children — or at least smaller children than
the big girls— and so they were compelled
to stay home and keep house. This is the
way papa and bis family get alone They
all work logether. Papa is the king, and
all the other eight are the king's men and
tne king's ladies. It is always papa against
the world, and hurrah for papa! United
they stand; division brings tears— the
sort of division which took Lawrence and
Edith in their infancy.
Papa took Lewis with him, Lewis being
a young man and the confidential lieuten
ant in the long struggle. He is 22 and a
lawyer fresh from the Kent school. Ethel
was left at home because she is the dean
of the girls and therefore successor Of
Mrs. Mason in the rule of the home. She
is 20. Ruth was too busy at the Weft
Division High School and she watched
the battle irom afar. She could not stand
it and one day called papa up by 'phone
just to see how things were progressing
and to get changes for her list of papa's
men. She is 18. Winifred comes next.
Si c is 14 and an amateur photographer.
Wiliiam is like his father, whose name he
bears, and he has been on the scene of
battle for two wee Us. William has his
eye on the Presidency.
Papa likes Roderick because Roderick is
8 and more fun tnan a barrel of monkeys.
Lowell is 3% and is making his beginning
speeches frum the top of the htghchair.
His lungs are marvelous — just like papa's.
Ha and papa both play the hand organ
and have a mouth organ between them.
This completes the personnel of the
household, the full names of all the chil
dren being:
LEWIS FRANCIB MASON,
ETHEL WIN SLOW MASON,
RUTH WHITE MASON,
WINIFRED SPRAGTJE MASON.
WILLIAM ERNEST MABON JR.,
LAWRENCE GEORGE MASON,
RODERICK WHITE MASON,
EDITH WHITE MASON,
LOWELL BLAKE MASON.
Papa has lived in his handsome home
at the edge of Garfield Park for six years.
It is probably worth $30,000. It is in one
of the aristocratic neighborhoods, and
there are but few better in Washington
boulevard. There is a choice library,
many fine pictures and all the other
equipments of a home like papa's, and
homes like papa's are the best on earth.
Tnere is great joy in the house at this
time, and all those left at home are busy
teliing the neighbors how it happened
and answering telegrams for papa, bring
ing congratulations from friends in Wash
ington and every place else.
Papa has an album filled with all kinds
of pictures of his family. The group
shown in the picture reproduced with this
article was taken from this album, and
shows the family as it stood in 1890, when
papa was Congressman. The place on the
end should now be taken by Lowell, who
dates since the photograph was taken.
Lawrence, the second from the end, died
in Washington. The snap-shot picture is
of Roderick feeding the chickens while
spending the summer in Patterson, N. Y.
It was made by Ethel and Ruth, who had
the camera as a present from papa.
A rule has just been introduced at all
the theaters of Italy by which the per
formers are forbidden, under pain of fine,
to receive tiowers during a representation,
or to notice in any way the presence of
the audienoe. Tnis will now put an end
in Italy to bouquet-throwing in the middJe
of a scene or at the end of a song.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
CALIFORNIA FIELD IDYLUS--WILD PLAYMATES
Jhe JNaturalist at Large Tells a Delightful Story About the
Sports of Bird, Beast and Insect— JKeir Frolics ar\d Their
Qames— Some Animals With Solemn Ideas of Fun,
and Others . Brimming Ov>er With Qleefulness
(■■^LIMBING among the bills, this
ilybrs morning, I came suddenly, in a field
W**,' Bkirting an upland orchard, upon a
vast flock of goldfinches. As a matter of
fact, I never before saw qu#e such an as
semblage of small birds. There ranst
have been a thousand of the feathered
morsels, teeterine upon tall grassblades,
hanging, head downward from the dried
stalks of !a-t year's thistles, swinging on
the full-flowered mustard, never still any
where — the goldfinch rarely is still.
Upon my approach they arose in the air,
fairly darkening the sky, and settled upon
the bare branches of the Iruit-trees just
over the fence. It was as if the orchard
had suddenly burst into a mass of yellow
blossoms. Twittering there on the bare
limbs, the little creatures really looked
more like flowers than birds.
I sank upon the grass and watched them
in delight. They were in ail states of plum
age, but comparatively few had their fall
spring suit of yeilow and olive, black and
white, and these shone bravely among
tneir soberer-hued fellows.
As soon as I became quiet a few yen»
tured down to the thistles again, and
presently the flock was pouring earth
ward, jumping, tumbling, spilling — it
fairly rained goldfinches ali. about me. I
could almost have pat my hands upon
one or two venturesome sprites who
swung close beside me; but I sat motion
less, knowing that to stir would be to see
the wcole flock speed away.
But what a good time they were having!
Every now and then something would
happen io set them off in a twitter of fun.
The thistle-stalk where two swung sud
denly broke and the whole congregation
burst into a chorus of derisive cries that
sounded like per-CUickl per-chick-ee! de
livered upon the wing as they balanced
about, flying with a little quick, soaring
motion, in a sort of waved line that is
characteristic of this bird.
It did not take much to throw them in
to convulsions of glee, any more tpfan it
does a crowd of schoolboys or a band of
young colts. The crowing of a cock in
a barnyard below sent the flock into per
fect shrieks of ornithological laughtt-r,
ana they had any number of jokes among
themselves. They laughed at the blue sky
arching above, at the green biilo'.vs rolling
away down the hiJis, and their golden
mirth filled all the space between. Their
performance was no:hing unusual in bird
doings. They were young, and I suppose
everything looked funny to them, just a3
it does to all youth and innocence. Stu
dents of natural history tell us that not
even young hyenas play, and the ant, of
whom the wise man bids the sluggard
learn, ha.% no moments of recreation, but
with these exceptions all the dumb crea
tures have their ideas of sport, and enter
into it with the zest and abandon of young
children. The birds in particular are full
of play. Tbej uncos that come about my
door for their daily bread play a game
among the willows that is singularly like
the children's earns of tag. They start
with a rush from the upper bank of the
canyon, dodging and twisting among the
trees until \ne who seems purposeiy to
have lagged behind suddenly swoops down
and overtakes one among the throng, who
in turn falls back while the others tret a
little start, and then fiees in pursuit.
Only a day or two ago I came upon a
red-headed woodpecker drilling a hole
in a redwood tree. He flew off as I came
near and I stopped to examine his work.
I had never before seen it at just that
stage of incompleteness, and the cutting
THESE CALLED CONGRESSMAN MASON "PAPA."
COLONEL CHARLES D. POSTON OF ARIZONA.
looked wonderfully as though it were done
with a tiny ax. But what was the fellow
making it for? No woodpecker In his
senses would dream of building a nest in
such a place. Not two feet from the ground
and close upon a well-worn trail! More
over, there were no less than nine com
pleted holes, ail in a row, above this one
which he had just begun, and from eight
Inches to two or three feet apart. John
Burroughs tells of an energetic wood
pecker of his acquaintance who, having
made his neat and estab.L-hed his mate
thereon, amused himself while she sat
upon the eggs, by boring a dozen or more
holes through a bit of pine board. My
own observations of this bird have led
me to the belief that this incessant woods
man's trick of his is his form of recreation
by which he seeks relaxation from the
serious business of being a bird. Thus
Mr. Gladstone recreates his mind from
the care 3of state. Why should not the
woodpecker?
The ground-squirrel has a peculiarly
solemn idea of fun. I have ?een lour or
live sally forth together, mount different
stones and stand erect and motionless,
their queer little arms extended. They
will remain thus by the dour, and, as near
as I have been able to judge, watching
them at close range through the h'eid
glass, without moving a whisker, yet
wearing all the while the funniest expres
sion of demure gratification over their
performance. They have other sports,
and, like the juncoa, indulge in apparently
interminable games of tag among the
stones and hillocts, but this whimsy for
posturing seems to be their favorite pas
time, as playing at church is a fond amuse
ment with some children. Young lambs
have regular games which they conduct
with great precision. They are particu
larly fond of playing a game that would
be dear to the heart of any well-regulated
boy. One sturdy fellow will take posses
sion of a little hillock or rocky eminence
in the field, and, to all appearances, chal
lenge his fellows to dispossess him. The
challenge never goes without takers, and
usually half a dozen or more set out to
storm the fort, which the champion de
fends with great valor. Sometimes he
makes a very strong defense, and holds
his position for a long time against great
odds, but sooner or later he is forced back,
and whoever gains the top has to main
tain it against other comers. There is
always a great shaking of tails and much
kicking up of heels in this mimic warfare,
which attests to its entire good nature,
and the spectacle is both interesting and
funny.
There are no quainter or morefun-loving
creatures in the world than young pigs and
none fonder of play than horses, old or
young. Lacking their own kind to play with
they will enter into the games of human
companions almost as freely and quite as
cleverly as dogs do. I have seen a horse
play at hide-and-seek with a group of
children, and saw, recently, a mischievous
colt keep a couple of boys in a tree for
neailv an hour, making feints at their
danglinß legs and kicking up its heels in
manifest glee. When, at last, the boys
defied their captor and came down, the
colt simply trotted about them aa one
who would say: "Why didn't you do
that before?"
A few weeks ago I saw a grown cat, a
huge Maltese, having a sort of hulking
schoolboy fun at the expense of a kitten.
The kit was very small, but every bit there
was of him was mad. Back, head and
tail were ud, and he was retreating, eyes
to the front, and with a very creditable
show of dignity, from the presence which
he evidently hated, but dared not attack.
Biand and serene, smiling as only a cat
can smile, Tom lay quietly watching the
kitten until the latter bad got a little
distance away. Then he arose. The Kit
ten stopped and stood at defense. Kot to
preserve its whiskers would it. run, but
Tom merely approached and again lay
down, lazy and smiling, to enjoy the fun,
while the small furry fury continued its
retreat. Three times he did this, and only
ceased the teasing performauce when his
master called him away.
Even spiders, the most solitary and un
companionable of creatures, play, drop
ping down upon their silken thread?, run
ning back and forth upon their webs, un
mistakably taking recreation. Who has
not seen of a summer evening a swift
hawk swinging afar through the sky, dip
ping, swerving, circling, then on motion
less wings sailing straight away toward
the horizon, not in search of prey, but in
the pure joy of motion, playing up there
in the ethereal freedom?
Happiness, joy in existence, is the nat
ural heritage of every creature. We hu
mans have little remaining of it, because
most of us have sold »ur birthright for a
mess of pottage, oftener yet for the dry
husks of that which we mistakenly call
life. Even our relaxations are mere postur
ing, from which we get not even as much
pleasure as the ground-squirrel derives
from his queer pulpiteering.
"Poor human nature," we say, and talk
piously of "higher things than happi
ness." I tell you happiness is one of the
high things of this life of ours. "We may
always be sure, whatever we are doing,
that we ct»nnot be pleasing Him if we are
not happy ourselves."
IrVing Wer\t to Sleep.
The venerable John H. B. Latrobe tells
me, writes Dr. Johr Morris in the Balti
more Sun, that In 1832 Mr. Irving paid a
visit to Baltimore and was the guest of
the Hon. Louis McLane, the father of- the
Hon. Robert M. McLane. ex-Minister to
France. Mr. Latrobe arranged a dinner
party in honor of Mr. Irving. He invited
the elite of the city to meet the distin
guished author. Amone the invited were
such well-known people of the day as
Johh P. Kennedy, Charles D'enro Hoffman,
both authors; Christopher Hughes (Kit
Hughes), Charles Carroll (father of Gover
nor Carroll), Mr. Bonaparte and many
ladies well known at. that time.
Mr. Irving led Mrs. Latrobe into the
dining-room, and sat on her right. Mrs.
Latrobe was a very beautiful woman and
Mr. Irving, up to a certain point, appeared
to De charmed with her beauty and grace.
However, her graces and beauty must
have palled, for before the dinner was
over Mr. Irving went fast asleep. The
members of the dinner party, who. of
course, kept their eyes fixed on Mr. Irv- ,
ing, discovered simultaneously that their
hero was nodding— a sincere, earnest,
heavy nod. A general smile pasted
around among the assembled guests.
There were routs in those days, but our
people were too polite to carry off the
Sieur Geoffrey in the midst of his slum
bers to the Adelphi, the fashionable resort
of that day. Shade of Sancho Panza! Was
not the creator of Rip Van Winkle enti
tled to sleep, even the sleep of the Seven
Sleepers?
• — » — «
Electricity, in its various applications,
is said to give employment to 5,000,000
people.
THE FATE OF A NOBLE GENIUS
/irizona's First Delegate ir\ Congress, Colo*
nel Charles D, Poston, NoW Ending His
Eventful and Varied Gareer in Sol
itude and J^oVerhj in a pude
J4ut at Phoenix
PfHCE NIX, Ariz., Jan. 28, 1897.— The
f ingratitude of republics has no bet-
ter example than that afforded by |
the case of Colonel Charles D. Poston in I
this city. His is a melancholy instance —
the closing of a long life of public service
almost in solitude, entirely in poverty,
amid scenes of squalor, in a wretched
adobe hut on the outskirts of the capital
city of the Territory that owes to his en
erey and daring no small degree of its
present fame and prosperity.
Charles D. Poston — the name has an un
familiar sound to tne present generation.
And yet so noted a man as Whitelaw Reid
drew rein before the humble adobe hut
one day last week. The ragged neighbor
hood marveled to see the stylish equipage
and none guessed that the seedy old man
who crossed palms with the great editor
had played even a larger part in the making
of history. For the neighborhood is Mexi
can and the old man lives in such seclu
sion that many of the Caucasian inhabi
tants scarcely know of his existence. But
the whole Territory wears on the tip of its
tongue the information that Whitelaw
Reid has bis winter residence in Salt
River Valley. And now that the incident
Is over and the two great men have met —
though one was in shining effluence, the
other in dull penury — Den remember it
to tha lasting credit of Whitelaw Reid,
that he could lose sight of his own great
ness in paying tribute to the genius of one
whose life has almost gone oat.
When I pushed open the rude gate yes
terday a spry Mexican lad was searching
for two rattlesnakes that haa escaped dur-
MRS. WILLIAM E. MASON.
ing the night. Colonel Poston explained
apologetically that the Mexican had b?en
forming the nucleus of an indigenous zo
ological collection.
"I let him keep his pets in the yard
here," said the colonel, "but last night
some one liberated all of them and now
he is ruined."
At the far end of the yard is a long low
adobe house, all but one small room of
which is tenanted by weaving spiders in
wintertime and by tarantulas on the hot
days. That single tiny room is at once
the Kitchen and boudoir of Arizona's first
Congressman — a learned, cultured gentla
man, lawyer, traveler, author, explorer,
soldier. His reception-room is larger. .It
takes in the whole yard. Ana, sitting
here in the afternoon sunlight, Colonel
Poston smoked his pipe and explained —
what everybody else in the Territory has
been explaining for ten days past — that the
recent wet weather is the most remark
able thing in the known history of Ari
zona winters. Only the information
comes with better grace from Colonel Pos
ton, for he speaks with a larger knowl
edge; and ii carries more of conviction,
for the colonel has no corner lots to sell.
The last years of three-quarters of a cen
tury are closing on the life of Colonel
Poston, who might, with due regard for
the eternal fitness of things, be called the
father of Arizona. He came here in the
fifties, when 50,000 wild Indians roamed at
will over the Territory, and it 3 only white
inhabitants were h handful of settlers
scattered on the banks o. the Gila.
He was born in liardin County, Ky., in
April of 1825. At 12 years of age he was
placed in the County Clerk's office, where
he remained for seven years. Here he
learned the rudiments of the profession
that became his vocation, when ten years
later at Nashville he was admitted to the
practice of law by the Supreme Court of
Tennessee.
But the law was not to claim him en
tirely, and the acquirement of a fortune
was not his highest ambition. When tne
United States gained California he joined
the argonauts and came overland to the
Golden State. In 1850 he arrived in San
Francisco and was honored at once with a
first-class clerkship in the Custom-house.
He served four years in this position,
which fact alone entitles him to much
fame in San Francisco— particularly from
the Iroquois braves— as having served in
the Custom-house before the advent of
Jerome.
When the treaty between the United
States and Mexico for the purchase of
Arizona was concluded Colonel Poston
headed a band of thirty adventurous souls
who set out to explore the new Territory.
They embarked at San Francisco and ar
rived at Guaymas in January, 1854.
Through Chihuahua and Sonora, up iuio
Uncle Sam's new Ei Dorado, marched the
explorers. After examining the Territory
and taking specimens of its mineral
wealth, Colonel Poston returned to Cali
fornia, and thence across the isthmus
to New York, Philadelphia and Washing
ton. He spent the year 1855 on the At
lantic seaboards enlisting interest for the
new possessions. In the following yea
be came back to Arizona, bringing with
him a big company and funds for opening
the silver mines. This was dangerous
work iD those days, for the Apaches were
untamed and the Federal troops were few
and far between posts. Two years later
General Heintzelman, the president of
toe company, came out and relieved
Colonel Poston for a season, but when the
Civil W r ar broke out Poston was in charge
of the company's business in Arizona,
with a plant that cost a million doiliirs.
Now the few troops were withdrawn for
more important service, and the Mexicans
and the warring Indians made sad havoc
of things in Arizona. Colonel Poston left
the country in ruins ana crossed the con
tinent with.only one companion. Professor
Pumpelly. Repairing to Washington
Poston served on the staff of his old
friend, General Heintzelman.
In 1863 President Lincoln appointed
Poston Superintendent of Indian Affairs
for Arizona, and upon the organization of
civil government in the Terr 'ory he was
eiected as the first delegate to Congress.
After his term in Congress Colonel Pos^
ton made a tour of Europe, and after the*
Paris Exposition of 1867 he wrote ''Eu
rope in Sunimer-Time," a book that once
had a large sale and was numbered among
standard volumes. Returning to Wash
ington he resumed the practice of law in
partnership with Judge Botts of Califor
nia. At the time of the Burlingame Chi
nese embassy Mr. Seward commissioned
him to visit Asia in the ostensible interest
of immigration and irrigation, and he was
also especially commissioned to bear dis
patches from the Chinese embassy to the
Emperor of Chins.
One of President Grant's last official
acts was to appoint Colonel Poston Regis
ter of the Land Office in Arizona and, like
an Arab, he returne 1 to the desert and
was lost to sight for ten years. In after
years he served as consular agent at No
pales, Mex., then as military agent at EL
Paso. Subsequent to this he devoted sev
eral years to promoting measures for the
reclamation of the arid land* of the West
by National irrigation. In 1890 he was ap
pointed agent of ttie Department of Agri
culture at Phoenix. JBut now he has
almost outlived his usefulness. He has
neither fortune, position nor pension. He
is a member of the Society of the Sons of
the American Revolution, president of
the Arizona Historical Society, councilor of
American Institute of Civics, and a whole
lot of other things that are entirely Hon
orary. He has long since been a widower.
He has a grandson at Stanford University
and another in San Francisco. His only
daughter is married to a sergeant in the
barracks on Angel Island. He has, in
truth, enough to eat and drink and smoke.
He has a calm conscience and a aseful
past that is not unpleasant to co%em
plate. Hia body is not so vigorous asv-.t
once was, though the real man within
him is as keen and active, perhaps, J^i
ever. He was telling me about the ruins
and strange things of Arizona, and the
conversation drifted from the petniied re
mains of th<j cliff dwellers to the primi
tive crematories of the Yuma Indians.
"The first cremation I ever saw," he
said, "was in ISSB on the banka of the
Colorado River, just above Yum a. The
next one I saw waa on the banks of the
Ganges in 1867."
"Were they the same?"
"As to smell, yes; 1 couldn't tell the
difference."
".But were the methods of cremation the
same?" I asked.
"Not exactly. On the Ganges, where
fuel is scarce, several bodies are disposed
of at once. On the Colorado, where fuel U
plentiful, they build a separate bontire
for each corpse."
He is a bright and entertaining conver
sationalist, bu. he seldom talks now. Ha
sits out here in the sunshine, under the
wonderful Arizona skies, and thinks and
thinks— l wonder of what?
James H. Griffes.
Some Great Blondes.
Here is a list of ihe famouß blondes
of history or mythology: Lilith, the first
wife of Adam, was a blonde; so
was Eve, Venus, Paphne, Pandora,
Diana, Circe, Medusa, Ceres, Fiort;i,
Pomona, Hel n of Troy, Phryne, A
pasia, Lady Macbeth, Lucretia BorgTi,
Bianca, Capello, Marie and Catherine <t*
Aledicis, Ninon de I'Enclos, Mtne. de
Chevreuse, Heien Je.-ado and Mine. Mt>nt
bazon. There js some doubt about Cleo
patra and Mary of Scotland. Shakespeare
makes the lormer a blonde, anu if the lat.
ter was not an out-and-out blonde, sfc«
had at least auburn hair.How Wiggins Broke the Sabbath
Fell Out With His Wife, Denounced the Preacher, and Worried
Himself Sick OVer a Trifling Jask That
Floored Him
TrT^AST Sunday morning Mr. Wiggins
J^: of teenth street rose benign and
lam*} smiliug. He had bought some cur
tains on Saturday, and having decided to
hang them himself felt like a certain
"smart Alick" of old with a new world to
conquer.
"Hurry up the work, Susan," he said
niter breakfast, "so we won't be late to
church. A trifling job like this won't take
me half an hour, and I'll have 'em up
while you're washing the dishes." And
then he went down into the basement.
"I say," he called presently, "Where's
the step-ladder?"
"Over at the minister's," answered his
wife. "You lent it to them on Thursday
and they haven't pot through with it.
They're papering, you know."
"I don't either," retorted Mr. Wiggins
wrathfully. "I ain't no Dorcas Society to
keep track of all the neighbors are doing.
■\\ hatever fool thing they are up to.though,
they oueht to send a person's property
back before it drops to pieces with
old age. I should just like to know for
idle curiosity how you expect me to put
them things up without a step-ladder. I
ain't the celebrated Chinese giant, nor yet
a telegraph pole."
"You might so over and tell them you
■want to use it," suggested Mrs. Wiggins.
"Of course I m'igbt," interrupted her
husband, "and I might hire the town
crier, if there was one, to inform the pub
lic that I am going to break the holy
Sabbath by putting up curtains, but I
won't. I'll rig up some kind of a tower of
Bab*l out of coal-scuttles and bootjacks
and toothpicks and things, and if I break
my neck don't you let that minister
preach over me, for it will be his fault and
my blood will be on his head. And I
w;int it understood right here ana now
that the next time I want to use my own
step-ladder— bought with my own hard
earnings— and it ain't on this reservation,
there's going to be a row — a howling cy
clone. lam a quiet man and can be pul
upon to a certain extent, but there are
things that flesh and blood can't stand,
and having my step-ladder kidnaped. and
held for a ransom is one of "em."
Mrs. Wiggins went back to her dishes,
and pretty soon Mr. Wiggins came up
stairs laden with an assortment of toote,
large and varied enough to start a small
shop.
"There's only four to fit, anyway," he
said, cheerily; "the hall-room window is
regular size, but the others will have to
be pared off a little. I'll put the easiest
one up first." And tden he went ud to
the hall bedroom, whence presently there
came the sound of a most alarming crash.
"It's only the washbowl," explained
Mr. Wiggins airily, as his frightened wife
appeared. "I got up on one end of it —
■the stand, I mean — and the rickety thine
tipped and spilled me and the bowl off.
It must have been cracked before or it
wouldn't Lave broke so blame easy ! Why
didn't you bring up the screwdriver, and
not come up empty-handed?' 1
"I'll get it," answered Mrs. Wiggins,
dutifully, picking up the pieces of the
bowl in her apron, "and 1 ' — having learned
wisdom lrooi long experience — "if there's
anything else you want I'll bring it
along."
Mr. Wiegins grnnted.
"I can't think of anything much just
now, but some opera tickets, some patty
de foy graw, a new suit of clothes and a
certified- check for $10,000," he replied with
withering sarcasm; "bring them along,
plea&e. And ii ain't my heirs and assigns
that want that screwdriver, it's me! Tem
pus is fugitting right along, and it's most
church time." And Mrs. Wiggins obedi
ently hurried away.
That first shade went up all right, and
Mr. Wigpins, with much self-glorification,
started in on the bay-windows.
"Go and get your dress on, Susan," he
said, "it won't take me fifteen minutes to
finish this job, so you'd better not let tho
grass grow under your feet."
"All right," returned liis wife, smilingly,
and she retired to her chamber, put on her
best gown, tied her bonnet strings and
appeared at the parlor door putting on
her gloves. "It's twenty two — " she said,
" 'most, time for the second bell, and your
clothes are ail laid out."
Mr. Wiggins, lying prone upon his
stomach, with his legs spread out, in the
vain endeavor to keep a curtain flat upon
which lie was trying, witn the aid of a
broomstick, to draw a straight line, looked
up disgustedly.
"I don't care if it's twenty-nine!" he
snorted; "and I don't care if it's time for
the sixth bell! And as for my clothes
being 'laid out,' I don't believe you'd shed
a tear if I was laid out myself! If you had
a glimmer of feeling for the man you
swore to love and honor you'd come and
help him with this cantankerous thing
instead of rigging yourself out like a con
founded peacock and coming here to show
yourself off and gloat over his misery!"
Mrs. Wiggins' tender heart was smit
teD, and she pulled off her gloves so
hastily that she pulled the thumb com
pletely out of one of them. Then, turning
up the front o( her dress she knelt beside
him.
"You told me to go and dress, dear,"
she said deprecatingly, "and I thought
you were almost through. Why don't
you use the yardstick instead of the
broom - handle? It's right behind the
chin>«-closet door, and it is a deal better
to draw a line by."
"I don't need any information on that
point," returned Mr. Wiggins with a dig
nity which on account ot his position was
not as crushing as it was intended to be,
I; but when a plain, simple man like me,
who isn't able to keep his own private
clairvoyant and hasn't the time to go and
consult a public one every other minute,
is married to a human magpie who takes
a fiendish delight in hiding everything in
all sorts of mysterious places, he ha» to use
any blame thing he can stumble over, and
be humbly thankful. As for me being
'nearly through,' Mrs. Wiggins, you ain't
paying by the hour for this job, and it
ain't any of your matters if I'm at it three
weeks. I ain't a lightning express oe a
gasoline explosion, but if I'm slow I'm
sure, and I don't want to be bossed too
much, either, nor found fault with. If
you think you know where that yardstick
is I wish you'd bring it back to its home
and friends before it sprouts and takes
I root in some foreign clime."
While Mrs. Wiggins was gone out in the
dining-room Mr. Wiggins took the skin
off his bands in three places with the j
screwdriver and burst the button off his
| snirtband, and he was in a correspond
j ingly amiable frame of mind when she
! returned.
"I suppose yon've gone into the busi
i ness of manufacturing those thines since
i you left," he said, with a simulation of
j affectionate interest. "How many have
you got in stock now and what commis
sion would you allow a lively man who
I could make quick sales for you? Yes, I
I burst the button off my shirt," noticing
her glancing at it. "I did it on purpose;
rigged up a block and tackle and hoisted
till it Jet loose. 1 like it that way ; it's
cool and comfortable and different from
other folks. Now you've got your infor
mation I wish you'd take hold and help
a little. You can draw that line as well as
I can if you'll try to overcome your nat
ural modesty enough to think so."
"I'll po and take my dress off first,"
suggested Mrs. Wiggins. 'The sun makes
it pretty warm in here, and besides I'm
afraid it'll pet linty off the carpet. You
don't mind, do you, dear?"
"Mind?" echoed Mr. Wiggins with fine
scorn. "Why should I mind what you
take off? I ain't /. r.thony Comstock, and
if I was, I'm too bv.sy to notice you.
Takeoff all you want to, only hurry up
about it There's something to be done
here to-day besides getting up dress re
hearsal» and primping before a lookinp
glass. When you put me onto a job like
this you've pot to help rce out, and not
spend all your time prancing round in
your best clothes and pretending to be a
lily of the iield— which you ain't, not by a
jugful!"
When Mrs. Wiggins came downstairs
again her husband, u*ing twu of ihe
plush chairs for a s-awbuck, was trying
to saw a curtain stick lo the proper length,
but as his saw was dull, rusty and lacked
several teeth, and he knew very little
about the science of sawing anyway, ne
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
was making very poor headway, and the
apoplectic symptoms which he was be
ginning to exhibit were almost alarming.
"Hard work, isn't it, dear?" Mrs. Wig
gins sympathized. "Now tell me what
to do; I'm all ready."
"You can stand there in your tracks
and ask a lot of idiotic question?,"
snarled her husband. "Hunt up one of
them old census blanks and read 'em oft
that; it'll be easier for you, and ea i eaml
luxury is what you're pining lor always.
Hard? No, it ain't. It's just as easy as
pie. I'd like to do it every Sunday and
evenings, too; it would be soothing after
a long day's work. It's a regular picnic,
only a fellow gets lonesome for the grass
hoppers and old maids. I say, Susan,
when you get good and tired standing
there on one leg staring at me I wish
you'd start around and do something. I
want that knife I left upstairs, and I want
those old curtain-sticKs out in the shed —
I've broke one of these and the old ones
are too big. Then I want a drink of water
and my pipe; then you can mark those
other shades and pare 'em off."
Poor Mrs. Wiggins! She traveled
wearily up and down stairs; she pros
trated herself on the floor to do the mark
ing and stretched on tiptoe to hand her
husband the tools he was using. She
blistered her fingers cutting the curtains
with a pair of shears which were afflicted
with intermittent lockjaw, and she got a
headache irom the glare of the sun,
which poured into the parlor as if its mis
sion were to prepare her and her husband
for a cannibal feast. And Mr. Wiggins
fretted and fumed and fussed and ham
mered his fingers, and broke his suspend
ers, and ycraped his shins getting on and
oft ibe table, and still those curtains were
obdurate.
They would refuse to go up at al.', or
they would go up with startling sudden
ness to the top of the window, or they
would stop at some seif-seiected way-sta
tion from which nothing could move
them. They did everything which they
should not, and nothing which they
should during that long forenoon.
When the neighbors came home from
church Mr. Wiggins was stilt at work,
and their scandalized eyes beheld him
standing on the table, his begrimed and
WAR SONG OF THE CUBAN PATRIOTS
SSPSLHE "HIMNO CUBANOS" is the national anthem of the Cubans; the war song that inspires the patriot with the resolution "to do or die" ; that urges him on to
glorioUß victory or to, in his own eyes and those of hi 3 people, a stilt more glorious death. Its stirring notes and words, voiced by many a freeman's throat, have been
J*f* the prelude to the onsweep for freedom that struck terror into the souls of tho hated Spaniards. Like other songs that have been the companion and the inspira
tion of freedom's childhooddays, the origin of this is yet in obscurity. The tune dates back many years, to the time when the spirit of liberty— newly awakened, and yet
half smothered in the patriotic Cuban breast — first began to voice itself in wordless but meaning melody.
Furtively breathed at first by some venturesome liberty lover, its notes awakened responsive echoes in many a breath which cherished like feelings and linked in
everlasting fraternal bonds hearts that before hardly dared to think aloud the thoughts, suggested by the melody. Soon words were fitted and sung to the music. They
could have no spirit other than that of the melody.
The tune was carried from place to place throughout Eastern Cuba, and though the words often varied the theme never. "To arms! Not for glory, but to break the
chains of tyranny !" was ever the burden, whether sung in the hills of Santiago or the plains of Puerto Principe.
The exact time of Ihe origin of the turte, or who was the author, is not known. A grateful and free posterity may find him out and link his name to the song as a fit
ting monument to his genius. Long before the declaration for freedom at Yara in 1868 by Cespedes and his bold Bayamese compatriots the tune, with the words substantially
as given above, were familiar to every lover of freedom about Bayafno and the neighboring towns. It was taken up by the army and sung throughout the "ten years' war."
Wherever they went they carried it with them. It signalized triumph or solaced defeat. It led the triumphal march into the towns and villages wrested from the oppressors,
and it infused new life into the drooping spirits defeated by the outnumbering foe. Never put in print, but soon all Cuba knew it and suug it. It was then the "Himno
Bayamis" — the "Bayamese Hymn"; now it is the "Himno Cubanos." The song, brought from the cradle-side of Cuban freedom — Bayamo— by the band of brave men who
first drew for the cause, found an echo in every free Cuban heart, and has been adopted by the Nation.
From Cape Maisi to Cape San Antonio it may be heard, not only timing the martial movements of the patriot army as they fly at the foe but from the herder on the
bill, the plowman on the plain, the belle at the ball and the housewife at the daily drudge. Its fuJl-voiced notes discover every Cuban gathering, and its whistled strains
cheer the lonely way of the solitary traveler, though to be heard by the Spaniard is to be accused as a traitor and doomed to death.
perspiring face the color of an over-ripe
tomato, bis crushed and dirty shirt hang
ing loose around his neck, his suspenders
dangling about his knees and the lock of
hair tnat had been trained for years to
decorously conceal the bald top of his
head from the public eye, lying limp and
disheveled— basely false to its trust— upon
one shoulder.
"If I were you, Achilles," ventured Mrs.
Wiggin«, Brently,"l would rest a while, just
till the folks get by. The minister will be
along presently."
Mr. Wiggins, hitherto unconscious of
all save his occupation, suddenly de
scended from his lofty perch with surpris
ing alacrity.
"I resi.n this fool job right here and
now, Mrs. Wiggins," he declared, glaring i
at her vindictively, and giving one of the !
shades a jerk that brought it down,
brackets and all, at his feet. "I am will
ing to slave at legitimate toil for my
family and sacririco myself in many ways,
but when the wife of my bosom sets me
up on a pedestal in the parlor window, to
be sneered at and reviled by the passing
throng, it is time to assert myself. Those
shades are eoing into tue ash-barrel, nnd
we will go curtainless until such lime as
I forget the indignities to which 1 bave
been subjected. I suppose you nave some
thing in the house which is auitable for
luncb, and I am hungry. If you are not
too much fatigued by standing round
doing nothing all the morning 1 wish you
would trot it out; if you are I'll go and
beg a crust from some charitable person
and say no more about it."
Mr. vViggins had his lunch, of course,
j and a nap after it, and in the evening he
went to church with his wife ana put a
dollar into the contribution - box. The
next day a man came with a full set of
really handsome shades ana hung them
so neatly and quickly that it seemed like
magic, and the white dove of peace
perched again on the Wiggins ridge-pole.
FUKEGAL McVaHON.
The Rule of Polycletus.
Polycletus the Grecian believed that
human proportions were governed by cer
tain fixed rules, thus: "Twice round the
thumb is once round the wrist; twice
round the wrist is once round the neck;
twice round the neck is once round the
waist ; once round the fist is the length of
the foot; the two arms extended is the
height of the body; six limes the length
of the foot or eighteen thumbs is also tiie
height of the body; again, the thumb, the
longest toe and the nose should also oe of
the same length. The index ringer shouid
measure the breadth of the hand and
foot, and twice the brendth should give
the length. The hand, the foot and the
face should be the same length. The nose
should be one-third of the face; t c thumb
one-third the lengtn of the hand.
A Californian`s Novel Invention
/\ j^edding Jean's Paddle-Wkeel for J?o\jgn Water — TKe Princi
ple Gar\ Be Applied ir\ Increasing Speed of
Ocean Vessels
f^apiNE of the great problems of the
l|4ir & K e is to increase the speed of
I^JFft ocean steamships, and any idea or
invention that points toward this end is
always worthy of consideration. I
The maximum of efficiency between the
steam engine and the propeller-wheel was
practically reached several years ago.
W. WRIGHTS Invention for a Rough-Water Paddle-Wheel Steamer.
Improvements are made in propeiler
wbeels lrom time to time, but there is no
great gain in that direction. Awheel that
will develop half a knot more speed per
hour over the best wheels now used and
with the same horsepower will yield its
inventor a fortune.
At present the best way and, one might
say the only way, to increase the speed
of a steamer is to increase the horsepower
of the engine and the number of propeller
wheels. To develop an increase of power
engines of several cylinder* are construct
ed so that the steam expands three or four
times before passing into the condensers.
As it is a propeller-wheel will develop
only a small percentage of the power of
the engine, the rest being wastftd in lost
motion through the inevitable "slipping"
of the wheel in the water.
In view of such facts it would seem as
if a return to first principles — the paddle
wheel — would be the only solution of the
problem, for snips are now constructed
that carry all the engine-power it is pos
sible to crowd into them. The paddle
/lIANO Bayaaies,
wheel will give out nearly all the power
put into it, but has always had several
drawbacks when it came to using It in
rough water or at a high speed. In rough
water, when the ship roiled the wheels
frequently came out of water and the en
gines "ran away," often causing break
downs. In running ct a high speed the
force of the biades striking the surface of
the water caused an awful jarring all
through the ship, and has been known to
start plates In iron vessels. As a conse
quence, the paddle-wheel has been prac
tically abandoned for ocean vessels, al
though the steamers that run from New
York to Boston are built this way. They
are classed among the fastest vessels in
the world, and are said to ba very
economical, so that passengers are carried
at astonishingly low rates. But most of
their run is through Long Island Sound,
and they do not get very much rough
water.
It was a consideration of these fact
that led W. Wright, at present engaged
in mining about eighteen miles Jiom Red
ding, to make some investigations with a
submerged paddle-wheel. He has been
working on it for ayear or more, and at
present has a working model that de
velops great speed and seems to be free
from the objections of the ordinary
method of paddle propulsion.
Mr. Wright was in the City a few days
ago and kindly made drawings and gave
a description of his vessel.
"When I began to study the matter,"
said Mr. Wright, "I first figured on sub
merging a paddle-wheel without any
covering. What was the result? When it
revolved the upper blades pushed bacfc
equally as the bottom blades pushed for
ward. Consequently there was no force
developed either one way or the other, it
was a balance.
"Then it struck me that if one-half of
the wheel was covered the projecting
blades on being revolved would exert a
force in a certain direction sufficient to
move the covering through the water. I
tried this, but met several difficulties.
But I think I have overcome them all, as
my model will show.
"My first work, " Mr. Wright continued,
"was to make a small vessel of tin and fit
it with a propeller-wheel operated by a
spring motor. I was. careful in building
the wheels on the most approved lines
and made several until I felt sure that I
had obtained all the speed the spring
motor would develop this way.
"I then fitted the same tin ves3el with
the submerged paddle-wheels and operated
them by the same spring motor. 1 had
four paddles and the connections were
crude, but on the first trial it developed
twice the speed of the propeller. And as
far as I can see there is no reason why the
same result should not be obtained on a
large vessel. There is no more jar to the
model than wita the propeller-wheel and
I found it almost impossible, by stirring
the water in the tank, to get any of the
paddle out of water. To develop speed ia
a vessel of certain sizeut is only necessary
to displace a certain amount of water in a
certain time. It makes no difference how
it is done.
"One of the points of my invention is
the constvuction of the paddle-wheel.
When at rest the covering or paddle-box
naturally fills with water, and to start the
wheel would naturally cause a vacuum to
form and consequently great pressure on
the outsido of ttia box. I have overco.ue
this by having a pipe lead to a point above
the water line. Another idea of mine to
have the box free from water, so there will
be no waste of power, is to make the
paddles slightly curved and placed at a
tangent to the arc of the wheel. This
will cause the centrifugal force to throw
the water from the center. When Ihe
blade leaves the box and strikes fresh,
solid water in front it is submerged to the
hub, but by the time it is ready to enter
the box again it is almost free of water.
"in a large vessel the paddle- wheel 3
could be cast of a single piece of bronze
and the sponsons made the same way.
My idea is to have them like the half of
one side of a cantesn, fastened to the ves
sel's side, so as to cause little resistance.
The shape of the vessel could be the same
as at present, but of course there woula
have to be a little difference in the whart
where she landed, in order to protect her
wheels-
"Of course I only look upon my inven
tion as an experiment and have not con
sidered the style of engines to be usea or
the means of coupling them if such is de
sirable. But Ido think that I have ■ prio
ciple that can be practically applied to
ward increasing the speed of ocean steam
ers. I am thinfcing of constructing a
working model about twenty feec long,
and should that trove successful I have
no fear about getting my invention
adopted generally."
SeVere Jest
Ethel— Ana would you really be willing
to die for me, George?
George — Darling, i swear it.
Etnel— But would you be willing to die
of hydrophobia or appendicitis or some
thing like that, George ?— Truth.
1718
Society
* I fHE past week has been one unceasing
| round of week for the smart set. Wed"
round of gayeiy for the smart set. Wed'
dings, luncheons', dinners and recep
tions followed in rapid succession. The
most prominent affair of the week— in point
of attendance— was the reception given by
Mrs. Stanford at her California-street mansion
complimentary to Bishop and Mrs. Newman.
It was a representative assembly and it has
been many a day since one roof sheltered so
many distinguished guests.
The gorgeous wedding gifts received by the
happy brides of the past week has been on* of
the interesting topics of fashionable conversa
tion.
MrE. Whittle."*, formerly Miss Lizzie Carroll,
presents were unusually beauiilul and valua
ble. One gorgeous chest of silver, manufac
tured from special designs by <ioriiam, was the
pift of the grpoia's father, 1". W. Whittier.
From the groom'- - Mattle Whittier,
was received an elegant tea and coffee ailver
•ervice and truy.
Miha Romie Wallace, one of the bridesmaids,
sent an elegant crystal jar with cover of solid
gold set with a medallion.
Miss Taaffe, coutin of the bride, sent an ex
quisite crystal clock. The dial and pendulum
were enameled and set with rhinestones.
Judge and Mrs. Wallace's preeeut v. as a set
of exquisite dessert plates.
An exquisite emerald and diamond ring was
the gift of the bride's uncle, General Murphy,
and Mrs. Carroll gave her daughter a sunburst
of diamonds.
Mr«. Frank (nee Ehrmann) also received
many gorgeous wedding gifts, which included
a diamond necklace, ihe sift of the groom.
On their return Jrom their honeymoon Mr.
and Mrs. Frank will make their home in one
of the lints on the corner of Sutler street and
Van Ness avenue. Mr. Frank and his
brother, Leo Frank, have but recently re
turned from a tour of the world, and have
picked up many valuable and elegant curios
and pieces of bric-a-brac with which the
home of tbe young couple will be adorned.
On Thursday afternoon Miss Kate Thornton
Salisbury, who by the way i» quite the most
popular debutan'e this season, was the guest
of honor at a luncheon given Dy Mrs. E. K.
Eyre at the University Ciub. Lavender and
yellow were the tones of the elaborate decora
tions, and the table was abloom with violets
and jonquils. Betted at table were: Mrs.
Eyre, Mrs. Salisbury. Miss Kale Salisbury, Miss
Mary Eyre, Mrs. Kobert Coleman, Miss Cun
ningham, Miss Al.ce Hoffman, Miss Carrie
Taylor, MiM Delia I>avki-on, Miss Caro
Crockett, Miss Helen Hopkins, MfH May
Thomas.
A number of young gentlemen, member* of
the Verein and styling themselves The Bache
lors, have sent out invitations lor a tneater
party and supper on Saturday evening next.
Tne young ladies invited are all Verein
ladies— i. c.. either sisters or daughters of
members. Each young man ha« Deen taxed
$20 for the entertainment, and as there are
twenty-five Bachelors it goes without saying
that the affair is to be an elaborate one. "Mr*.
Feuchtwanger, Mr-. Marcus Gerstle, Mrs. Wit»
liam<ierste and Mrs. William Fries are to be
the chaperons.
On Friday evening the Fortnlghtlies held
their regular dance at Lutn hall, and, as
usual, the affair was a huge social success.
Lieutenant Bent led with Miss Ida Gibbons.
The young ladies in the first set were: Miis
Gibbous, Miss Delia Dandson, Ming Frances
Moore, Mibs Miriam Moore. Miss Brown of
Washington, 1). C, Miss Helen Hmith, Miss
Joaselyn, Miss I. aura Crittenden. Miss Fannie
Baldwin, Miss Florence Stone, Miss Cunning
ham ana Miss Lucy Brooks.
Mr. and Mrs. Bteifei (nee Schweitzer) gave a
theater party, followed by a supper, last even
lDg to the youni? ladies and gentlemen who
officiated as the bridal attendants at their re
cent wedding.
On Saturday last MlssTubbs gave a charming
luncheon complimentary to Miss Margaret
(Salisbury, who is to be one oi next season's
debuUntes. Eighteen fair young maids gath
ered round the Loard and discussed over the
elaborate menu. The surprise of the afternoon
was the birthday cake, highly illuminated
with candles, each taper marking a year of the
happy young life of me guest of honor.
Mrs. Moses Heller gave her second of a aeries
of dinner parties last evening. Covers were
laid for thirty-six. -4
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club gave a bril
liant fancy dress ball Friday eveninp in Maple
Hall of the Palace Hotel. Only members and
chnperons \*ere present.
Tue costume* were varied, rich and correct.
Nearly all were new and the scene during the
evolution In the cotillon ,was a most at
tractive one. The decorations were la keep
ing with the affair.
The signal for unmasking was given about
11 o clock, and then the dancers too* their
places for the cotillon. It was led by Sanford
G. Lewald and Miss Beatrice Hughes. The
figures were new and arranged especially lor
the occasion. The richness and bright colors
" Whist- Jeachers " (?) Versus
Whist-Teachers.
Some six weeks ago we received a call from a
lady desiring some information in regard to
whist. She stated she "was going to teach
whist," and wanted to know "what she ought
to charge for lessons" and what book she
ought to buy to be«ome '-proficient" in the
game herself. She stated she had played whist
for a number of years and liked the game ex
coedingiy, but never read a book on the sub
ject in her Hie and didn't know until a few
days ago "that books were published on whist
alone," but she "had to do something," and
"teaching whist would be very nice," as she i
liked it so much. She had heard ol "Mr. Cay- !
eudlsh," but thought he was killed it, a park ;
somewhere several years ago. As tins little !
lady came to us for advice we asked her this
question: "Can you speak the Chinese lan
guage ?" She answered, "No." We told her
she might as well undertake to teach that !
language as to teach whist without a thorough I
knowledge of it herself, and that it could only
be obtained or acquired by close application,
patient and hard study for ai least two or
three years. This lady is now "teaching
whist." Unfortunately for the game on this
coast and elsewhere, we have too many such
"teachers." With the little knowledge that j
we possess we would not presume to consider
ourselves competent to teach more than the
ABCof the game.
"Whist-teachera" hare been springing up
like mushrooms all over the country. They
sometimes get a smattering of the leads,
"second nand low, third hand high," business, j
pick up a few fads, and away they go full
fledged "whist-teachers"— a few of them know
that Mr. Trist, General Drayson or "Caven
dish" ever existed. This class of so-called j
wuist-'eachers shonld not be allowed to prey
upon the innocent whiht public. The Ameri
can Whist League should, through its channels
of authority, its directorate or committee with j
sub-committees appointed for that purpose,
issue a letter to those who wish to teach and
are found qualified, free of expense. By so
doing it will improv.- the standard of the
game and separate the chaff from (he wheat.
Wt don't niewn by this to allow the A. W. L. to
be used as a "cat-paw" or channel for the sale
of whist jimcracks or for the personal in
terests of any one, but merely to put achefk I
on what will grow to be an abuse if it has not
Already done so. The time is about due when
the A. W. L. khould draw a line between "pro- j
fessionals," and "amateurs," or those that are i
in whist for money from those who are in it
for love.
Deal From the Brooklyn Whist
Club.
BY I'.OBKRT H. WKEMB.
Our whist editor wishes to call the attention
to Knsi's lead, at trick seven (7), treating a
/'mi raid suit headed by the king as a short
one, showing excellent card sense, and such
plays aa these make wliist what it in.
I of the costumes added a charm and brilliancy
I to ihe scene.
! Thu6e in the first set were: Frederick U.
Gsntaer and Miss Elsie Warren, K. C. Thomp
; son and Miss Mac Folsom, William Westerfeld
aud Miss M. Fri>-dericb, Edward G. Carrera
; and Miss Emily ilerzer. Gaston Room? aud
■ Miss Lotta Musto, Victor F. Iloelscher and Miss
Felice Kingsford. J. Osc«r Gantner and Kiss
Emma Proaek, Harold E. Warren and Miss
Charlotte Grnenhagen, V.'. W. Funge Jr. and
Mitt Louise Heppner. William G. Barr and
Miss Carrie Strehl, Edward J. Bigelow and
Miss Eliuor Croudice, Herman H. Hexzer and
Hiss Frances Burton, Robert F. Haight and
Miss Marie Babin, William F. Hook and Miss
'• Mabel Hollis, Henry E. Carter aud Mis» Martha
Korbel, Clarence E. Musto and Mies Lizzie
Heyer, Frederick T. Martens aud Miss Al
bertha Gruenhagen, Chester A. Judah and
Miss Emma Redmond, William F. Hoelscher
and Miss Maud Foisom.
Among the ladies present in costume were
the following: Miss B*d«e Gardner. Turkish
Princess; Miss Lillian' Bowman, nit;ni; Miss
Martha Korbel, Grecian maiden; Miss G'nar
lotM Grbeiihagen. summer girl; Miss Albertba
Gruenhageu, Carmen; Mis* Beatrice Hughes,
crepon ; Miss Lotta Musto. battledore and
shuttlecock; Miss Elsie Warren, forget-me
not; Miss Mabel Hollis, California poppy; Miss
Minnie Bresse, flower girl; Miss Aunia Bar
rinston, summer; Miss Lizzie Heyer, Spanish
Princes; Miss Extflly Herzer, Andalusian
Princess: Miss Mat Fo.som, Carmen; Miss Maud
Folroib, Hernua; Miss Eiinor M. Croudace.
violet: Mi*s Marie iiebin, fickie for
tune; Miss Emma Prosek, fisher maiden; Miss
M. Fried ericb, Alsace peasant girl;;MUs Louise
Heppner, Papillou; Miss Netye Giu»<i, Turkish
Princess; Mips Emma Redmond, Normandy
peasant; Miss francos Burton, schoolgirl; i
Sfiss Felice Kingsford, Marguerite; Miss Car
rie Strehl, Folly.
The gentlemen present in costume included
Sanford G. Lewaid as Don Caesar deßazm;
Edward J. Bigelow, Chinese Mandarin; Henry
de La Vega, Japanese; William F. Hoe scher,
Duke of Buckingham; Victor F. Hoelseher,
Prince Orl*ndo; Merntt D. Robinson, Robert
Tlttel. yachting; George W. Craig, toreador;
H. C. W«f wick, musketeer; Fred G. Ganttier,
Lord C he«terfi'ld; James M. Goewey Jr., hunt
ing costume; William K. Hook, Kaoul; W. W.
Funge, Napoleon; Chester A. Judaii, sailor;
Robin Jones, brisend; WJI iim G. Barr, Span
ish cavalier; William 'WeVerield, Don Ca?»ar
deßaz>in; Clarence Musto, Eirl Leicester; W.
G. Lodiza. jM]>a:it-»e Prince: Fred T. Mart eat,
Louis XVI; Edward G. Carrera, Haulei;
Herman H. Herzer, Romeo; Henry E. Carer,
Louis XVI: Robert F. Haignt, Prince Carnival;
Arthur 11. Meusdorffer. Cnaries I; 0.-cur Gant
ner, Faust; Gaston Roussy, French peasant;
Juseph Corbel, Svemjali; R. C. Thompson,
Chinese ir.undttrin; Henry A. Wnitley, George
Washington.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Interesting Eetrothals Made Public
During- tne Week.
The wedding of Miss Mary Crittendea Scott
and Melville Hart Castle is to be quietly cele
brated at the bride's home Tbursday.February
4, at half-past 8 o'clock. The sisters of the j
bride. Misses Laura and Katherine Scott, are
to be the bridesmaids, and John Carselly will j
be best man. The Rev. Edgar Lion is to be the
officiating clergyman. Mr. and Mrs. Castle I
are to reside temporarily at the Hotel Ven
dome, San Jon*.
The engagement is announced of Miss Celia
Huffman, daughter ot C. Hoffman vi Ukiah, to
Eiias Lobrieoi Middleton.
The eneneement is announced of Miss Hat tie
Wood to Max M. Levy.
Tne engagement is announced of Miss Eva
Kit-tenner and Leopold J. Borck, both of this
City.
Louis Abraham* announces the engagement !
of his daughter, Birdie, to Chttrles O. Cooper. |
They will receive their friends on February 7, '
from 2 to 5 P. M., at 1125 Liguna street.
The marriage of George Bilverstein and Miss i
Millie Cohen will take place today at the i
residence of the bride, 3254 Twenty-second '
street.
Tne engagement is announced of Miss Dottle i
Tobjlmanu to John T. Johnson. The wedding
■wilt ba celebrated on the Ist of February.
The engagement is announced of Thomas J.
Hicks and Miss Ethel M. Forrest. The wedding
wiU take place the latter part of next month.
MUSICALES.
Interesting Programmes Presented
at Society Concerts.
On Tuesday evening, January 2<i, a grand |
concert was given at the P'ourth Congregs- i
tional Church, on the corner of Green and i
Stockton streets, for the benefit of the organ !
fund. The following "excellent programme !
was well rendered to the large audience pres
ent: Antneni, "Teach Me Thy Statutes" (H. 8. !
Perkins), by the choir— Miss V. A. Sposito, Miss |
Grace Bpbslto, Mis* Annie Simpson, Miss Kmma :
Wahlfcreu, Mr*. J. Johansou, Mrs. E. For-sberg, I
Mrs. W. F. Knswell, L. Lindstrom. J. Johansou, i
SOUTH.] wan. j
1
2
3
4
5...
0 ..
7
8
9
iO
11
.2
, : j
J* I 34. I
50 4*
80 6+ j
90 | 7+ !
84. 2*
80 i 50 '
6* 3*
94. S7O
•*■* I <?♦
JO I *Q
•Q4. I QO
x* lUO. .
9* ' 90
i 24* !
; 30 ,
: JO '
' 40 !
20 i
' 30 '
; <■■
lU*
7*
40
60
64*
8*
A*
______
OO
no
_____
inQ
70
AQ
X*
20
44»
5*
10*
■3....... I
Score: North and touth 1, East and West
12.
Trick 3— North plays a false card to no pur
pose and without benefit.
Trick s— East leads another round of trumps
for the purpose of ascertaining from partner's
discard which of his two suits is the stronger.
North discards from West's declared strong
snit.
Trick 7— Kast here treats his spade suit as a
short one, his object being to leave West with
winning spade, if he has one, so that West may
make any winning hearts he may hold. If
North holds up bis ace of spades he wouldgain
a trick.
Trick B— West's discard of a heart shows he
must hold a winning spade or else hearts only.
Therefore, at
Trick 9 East continues the snit arfl East ana
West make all the remaining tricks.
Jhey\ce,Queerv Echo, JH old ir\g Four.
In "Whist of To-day," by Milton C. Work,
fifth edition, just out, on the new question of
the "ace, queen echo" it says : "It nas always
been a serious question with whist experts
how in trumps, with ace, queen, to show the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY . 31, 1897.
0. E. Fevere*n and A. O. Eckman: cornet solo,
"Facllita" (Hartmau), Mi*s Pearl Noble; teno.'
solo, from ••Kebekah" (.Joseph Barnbv), V. E.
Lani;ir; caprice, "Palate of Fashion" (D. Mans
tieid). Professor T>. Mansfield and pupils;
soprano koio. "Come to the Land
of Rest" (P. Grcely), Mies V. A.
Sposito; string quartet, "Minuet" (Beetho
ven), Profeeßor X. D. Herzog und pupils —
Violins, MUs Mapiie Conlin and MissAunie
Benson ; viola. Miss Phoebe Bowers; cello, Miss
R. <". McL«an; "JJrurtefra'Jen i Hardai.ger"
(H. Kjeruif). Swedish Pinginfr Pocfety ; mezzo
soprjmo, "Tiie Mission of a Rose" (T. H. Cow en),
M:s. W. F. Busweil; "Sonata Path«*tique"(Lud
wie yon Beethoven), Aleilu* O. Eckman;
mezzo-soprano, "The Huur of Rest" (J. L.
Rceckel), Miss Alice 1). Eckman; "Morning
Song" (F. Abt), Swedish Sicgir.p Society. 'Mo
merii? Musical" (F. Schubert). Professor Her
zng and pupils; sopmiio "nd tenor duet :roia
"R«:bek-ih' T (J. Barnby), Miss V. A. Bponito and
P. E. Lamar; anthem, "Remember Me, O Lord"
(Perkins), choir. Miss Grace bposito, accom
panist.
Reception committee— Miss Daisy Thomas,
Miss Lizzie Duff and H. Grimmel.
A very enjoyable muslcale was given at the
MISS ROSE HOOPER, Who Is to Play Polly EccTes in the Coming
Society Production of "Caste" at the Bush-Street Theater.
residence of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel McCarty, 165 i
Hawthorne street, last Thursday evening. Vo
cal selections were rendered by Mrs. I). Me-
Carty, Mrs. Parmrenk, Miss Tillle O'Donnell, '
Miss Jcaneitc Matthewson, the Misses Caatte .
and Mamie O'Donnell, Mr. Parmrenic, Joseph j
McCarty. Mr. Nicholson and Harry McCarty.
After refreshments dancing was enjoyed In
the large parlors until an early hour. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. D. McCarty, :
Mr*. Matthewson, Mrs. Latimer, Mrs. Parni- i
renk. Miss 'Jillie O'Donnell, Miss Louise Guih, •
Miss Cassle O'Donnell. Miss Mamie O'l.onnell,
Mrs. Mcßrearty, Miss Sadie Mi-Brearty, Hint
Jeannette MatUiewsou, Hurry Mc< any, D. J. j
McCarty. His* M. Perkins, Miss A. McKenzle, j
Mr. Parmrenk, Miss Gertrude McCarty, Miss ;
Genevieve Mccarty, J. J. Harte, Mr. Alleu, Mr. ]
Mcßrearty, Mr. Cassidy.
The pupils of Professor Joseph Greven gnve !
a two-part, concert Wednesday evening at the
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. Ballads and selec- |
WHIST
number in suit on partner's lead. It is evident
that winning with queen and returning ace
gives aDsolutely no information as to the num
ber in .suit, and that, even if a third round be
taken out, the original leader frequently can
not tell whether his partner has another
trump or not. In order to oveicome this d fa
culty it has been suggested that with four
trumps the third hand on partner's lead (from
ttrengih, of course) play the ace and return
the queen. Statistics and experience have
convinced the writer that this is a winning
p'.ay." • ♦ *
We would hite to ask Mr. Work this ques
tion: If the above play la sound why. we
should not be abie to reverse it as in other
trump-showing plays? For instance, same
holding (nee, queon, two small) on partner's
rail for trumps, to lead queen, then ace, to
show four exactly. It strikfs us thnt one must
be just ns sound as thy other. The risk of los
ing the queen may be a little greater than the
other, but how much" ?
ShoWing Number on partner's
Original Lead or the Plain
Suit Echo.
It is a remarkable fact, but nevertheless
true, that the great majority of whist-players
do not draw any line between unblocking in n
«uit and showing number. Supposing you hold
5. 4, fl and 2 of a suit and your partner (the
original leader) onens with ace, what card do
yon play? Do you commence to unblock or
show number? It is impossible to block a suit
with such b< holding, consequently you cannot
unblock, but you can show number.
Most authorities that have written books on
the game say when your partner leads Jrom a
fonr-card suit, and you hold exactly four
cards, play tha lowest, and don't attempt to
unblock. We don't think this covers the case
as it should and, certainly from our way of
thinking, not the best whist. We believe when
the original leader opens with any high card
which proclaims four or more in suit, and the
leader's partner having four, he should play
the third best on first round, If the lead is fol
lowed by another high card, or if the third
hand does not attempt to take the trick he
should play second Lest By this means you
show number; at the same time you can un
block if the situation warrants it, but the es
sence of the play is the important information
you give partner. Again, these same whi«
writers seem to be a unit in advising players
holding rive cards in the suit that his partner
opens originally with a high card to play the
lowest. We take exceptions to this also. We
tions from grand and comic opera made up a
very entertaining programme. The singers
acquitted themselves very creditably for ama
teurs. The attendance was large for a wet
night and each Ginger received a goodly share
|oi applause. .Many flora i tributes were pre
' sented. Professor 7 Greveu accompanied the
! singers.
HOME GATHERINGS
Mrs. Poulson Entertains in Honor
of Salt Lake Guests.
Misses Maude and Stella Walker of Salt Lake
City ere spending a '.evr weeks in Oakland as
jruests of Mrs. 6eth Mann, formeily a classmate
of theirs at Snell Seminary. Misses Walker
have been the reciDienti of many pleasant
social attentions both in San Francisco and
I Oakland during their visit to the coast On
Saturday evening last Mrs. Edna Snell Poulson
of 1849 Jackson street gave a reception at her
| residence in their honor. Among the guest*
j were a number of their old scboolmaies as well
1 as many of the friends whom they met while
: traveling with Mrs. Poulson through Europe.
Among those present were: Mr. aud Mrs. O. D.
Biidwin. Mr. and Mrs. Beth Mann, Mrs.
William B. Wightman, Mr-*. Helen Carter,
Muses Lane, Fisher, Hattie Beile Goad,
Blanche Baldwin, Lzz^e Chapman, L«onor
Ferrar, Edna Churchill, A<sa tonehertv, Daisy
I Cartwrißht, Emma Casteilano*. Edyth Powell,
I Carrie Huffman, Maude Welsh, Maude
i Walker. Stena Walker, Elsie Sperrr. Sarah
1 Scowcn-'ft, Messrs. O.R. Ba.dwln, C. Baldwin,
! Dorn, Venderveer, Plumme. Nobie ana others.
Miss Maude Hart, daughter of Dr. H. H.
Hart of the Board of Health, entertained a
number of her friends at the home of her
parents, 114 Powell street, last Friday even
ing, the occasion being the sixteenth anni
versary of her birthday. Tne parlors of the
house "were artistically decorated for the occa
sion with a wealth of flower* and fo.iage. The
evening was eujoyabiy spent in games, music,
sorg and dance. Al midnight the guest.s re
paired to the dini. g-room. wrjere asumptu
; oaa repast was served. During the evening
La Estrella Mandolin Ciub played some
excellent selections, Miss Elias and 3liss
Vulicevich favored the sssemb.ege with vocal
selections and Miss Martha Zobel recited. The
entertaining game, "Feeding tue Elephant,"
was one of the features of the evening. The
presents given the youngjlady were many and
handsome. "
Those- present were: Dr. and airs. H. 11.
Hart, Dr. and Mrs. G. J. Fitzgibbons, Mr. and
Mr. Louis Harrits Mr. ana. Mrs. J. Z"bel;
Misses Lizzie Harris, May Hi ffanjr, Me.nhn
Zobel, Liihe Meyer. Gertrude Z bel, Murcella
Fitzglbboo, Ida Bluincr.thal, Alee Silver
berg, Hattle Zeimor, Maude Vulicevich, Elsie
Hart, Alice Hart, Etta Hart and Ernestine
Kllas, of Modesto; Messrs. Blackmail, S. P.
Kiias, Al Zobe!, H. H. Zobel, Mai Unjef.J.
Goodday. Aleck" Wolfen, H. Blackmail, G.
Zeimer, Morton Hart and Harry Hart.
A farewell party was given af.the residence of
Mr. and. Mrs. Uamburgt'rr-1433 BuclmnHti
street, in honor of Miss Kay T. Wilson of Red
wood City last Monday night. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mr*. Harabnrtrer, Miss
Stella Hamburger. Miss Bay f. Wilson, Miss
Nettie Morris Miss Rose Morris, Miss Conn.
Miss Mil. ie Kochman, Miss Celia Levy, Miss
think the third best should be played in al 1
cases; when the suit is opened from strength
(four or five card suit) the principal object is
to give valuable information to your partner,
and it should be given before it Is too late.
Here is an example:
The leader opens with king followed by ace,
proclaiming a four-card suit. Second hand
plays seven, then eight. Tnird hand plays
two, then three— holding; queen, ten, nine,
t'iree, two. Fourth hand phtys five, then six.
What information has third hand given his
DHrtner? Now play our way. Third hand on
kine plays nine, on ace he plays the ten (cards
in other hands dropping same as before). Is
there any donnt atout the balance of the uuit
and what liand i* is in? The three cards of the
estfb'.ished suit are more valuable in part
ner's hand than the two ' remaining with
leader.
Johrv JH. Brings Again irv |larr\ess.
John H. Briggg has begun a very practical
whist column in the Sunday Times erf Minne
apo is. wnich will be likely not only to extend
the already wide circulation of that excellent
paper, but also to extend Mr. Briggs' reputa
tion as a whist writer and analyst. The first
issue of the department occurred last Sunday.
It is devoted to the beginner, and is full of
sound advice to him, which many others who
can no longer fairly be called beginners may
also read with profit.
Judge Qeorge L. Burvrx.
A recent numberof Wiieelock's Weekly says:
The appointment of George L. Bunn to the
vacant district jndgvFhip caused by the death
of Judge Kerr of St. Panl will be the cause of
wnrm congratulations from whist-pteyers all
over the country, who recognize that Mr. Bunn
has the qualities necessary to majte an impar
tial and successful Judge. The appointment is
likely to turn his attention to some extent at
least from ■whist, and to that extent there will
be regret. We offer moit heariy congratula
tions on this well-merited appointment
Milton C. Work, whist editor of the Philadel
phia Evening Telegraph, pays the following
tribute to Judge George L. Bunn :
His first appearance in A. W. L. matters was
in 1803, vr hen he was one of the four that won
the Hamilton trophy for Minneapolis. He did
nut, owing, to professional engagements, play
in this city in 1894, but in 1895 he was very
prominent as captain of the St. Paul team at
the Minneapolis congress.
Since that time he has been at the head of
tho St. Paul quartet in its many successful
matches, and there can be no question that as
Golda Levin. Miss Lillie Harris, Loui* Ettling,
Kaiph Davis, Harry Harris, J. Kochman,
Harry Mark-, Emile Kana, Phil Rosenberg,
Lee Gans, Mr. Peiser, Abe Whitehead, Sl»rtia
Myer.
I Saturday evening, January 23, Mr. and Mrs.
■Daniel celebrated their twenty - fifth anni
; versair by inviting their many friends to
i their sesidenee, 310 Diamond street. The
| evening waa most enjojably tpent. The happy
couple received many ccutly and valuable
presents. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Lornbluth, Mr. and Mrs. Tapley,
Mrs. Brooks and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Sam
btraler, Mr. and Lire, tiess. Mrs. Sehatt'er, Mrs.
Blaier, Mr. and Mrs. Behrens, Mr. and Mrs.
Bauers, Mr. and Mrs. Trautner, Mrs. Schilling
and son, Air. and Mrs. Lutz, Mrs. Kaeider.
Miss Lottie Redlict, who has just returned
from Bakersfield, recently entertained a fear
of her friend* at her home, 1342 Ellis street.
I Dancing and games were indulged Jn until 12
\ o'clock, when a sumptuous supper was (served.
! Duriug the ever.lng many vocal solos and
i recitations were heaid. Among those present
j were: Miss Louie Redlick of BaiersflelO, the
I Misses Fannie and Louise Redlick, Miss Belle
Newman. Misi Ray Hilson of Redwood City,
: Miss Stella Hambuiger, ihe Misses Emma and
: Bertha Mendelssohn, the Misses Best, and
Moliie Citron, Miss L»na Llpmau, Miss Ada E.
ihall, Miss Ella Thai] ; Messrs. Jack Citron of
Sacramento, William Citron. William Deck
; inger of New York, Louis Mendrlssohn, Sol
j Redlick of Bakersfield, George Linman, Sam
i Lipman, Dave Konnii)*ky, Abe Israelsky,
: Henry Redlick, 80l Guggeuheimer of Oregon.
Between twenty-five and thirty pupils oi the
j Richmond Schooi, accompanied by their
parents, assembled last Thursday evening at
. the residence of Mrs. Nash, 231> Second aye-
I nue, and had an enjoyable evening's enter
i tainment. Twenty pieces were rendered in
1 accordance with the printed programme.
: Those contributing to the entertaiument
i were: The Misses Alice and Maud Landers,
j the Misses Gertie and Mabel Frohman, Suttie
Pierce, Mazie Wright, Louisa Green, Mildrei
Abranis, Miss Mutt, Henry Frohman, Frank
Naih »nd Leo Kohn. Afier the programme
had been concluded refreshments were
■erred and then games were indulged in until
a late hour.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Popular Organizations . Entertain
Friends in Pleasant Fashion*
Last Wednesday evening the members of the
P. D. C.'s gave a smoker at their clubrooms,
208 Bush street, in honor of Mr. Button, who
leaves on the steamer Colon for the Central
American exposition at San Jose de Guatemala.
Among those present were: H. J. Cordes, L.
Q. Haven, R. Trautner, H. A. Byrnes, George
Montgomery and A. Haven.
Buena Vista Parlor No. 08, N. D. G. W., held
pub.'ic Installation of officers on Thursday
| evening, January 28, in Yosemite Hall. Native
| Sons' bounding, Mason street An entertain
ment and dance lollowed in the banquet hall.
The January graduating festival of Mr?. Ada
Clark's dancing academy was held las: even
i irig at 211 Sutter street. The little one?,
I arrayed in gorgeous costumes, performed their
part of the programme whn credit to their
teacher and themselves. «
Tuesday evening, the 26th ir.st., the Srpsko
; Jeelinsivo and Benevolent Society perfected
: us permanent organization at 909 Market
career, a temporary organization having been
tunned at a previous meeting held at trie
Palace Hotel.
The meeting was largely attended, and all
the prominent members ot the Servian colony
I on me coast, both ladies and gentlemen, were
| present. ,
A banquet win held, and wit and humor
| Le.'i sway until 12 o'clock, when dancing was
indulged in a .id Kept up nil morning.
■ Mr. tjubooratich presided at ids banquet,
and made an excellent speech in the Servian
j language, and A. 1). Splivalo delivered an ad
i dress in the English language, which was
j much enjoyed.
Tne Servian national song was most accept
j ably rendered by Mr. ana Mrs. Crnogor&c •
A. Givanovicn cave a selection iro:n the op
i era of "11 Tr< vattr.\" whicii was weil received.
j The 8. M. 6. Club extended in a body and most
i aoctp auly rendered several vocal and instru
menial pieces. There were many others wito
j lavured those present with musical teieciions
and addresses.
This ba. quet was held in honor of . the Ser
vian national holiday, "Savin Dan," on Janu
ar 26 a.nd will be Continued annually.
The. officers of the society are: M. E. Sjubo
brat*cti, president; C. Antoulolli. viec-presl
deui; M. L. Murovicb, treusurcr; K. A. R.igen
ovich, recording secretary; B. Prokuriza, finan
cial (secretary ; B. L. Setericicli, L. i'Ltrlz, J. I).
FftDri?, jtrustces; C. A. 'Glover, surgeon ana
' physician; S. 3. i'etrovich, master of ceremo
nies. Committee of arrangements— H. de Cur
ton i (chairman), N. A. Rageno'vich, V. Vabco
vich. . .
The Minion Literary and Social Club gave
its regular monthly entertainment and social,
on wnich occasion Proie>t=or >'. \V.l>'Arcy was
j tendered a testimonial benefit by the cuib at
: Union-tquare Hail Wednesday • evening, Janu-
I ary 27. Notwithstanding the threatening
wtather the hail was crowded with v very ap
i preciative audience, wi.o were delightfully
entertained with the following excellent pro
' gramme: • .
i Overture, D'Arcy's orchestra. "The Mouse
-1 trap," a farce in one act— Mrs. Prettipet (a
widow). Miss Hope Mosher; Mortimer Brief
bag (a lawyer). Frank H. Seaward;- topical
songs (selected), James- O'Doniiell; iancy
; dances by Miss Isabella Miller; soprano soio
j (selected), Miss Ella Donlon; Irish witticisms
] and ciHiicos, Lew Roberts. "A Kiss in the
Dark," ft farce m one act under trie manage-
S ment of .Walter 11. Taigen — Frank' Fathom,
Henry G. Leffman; Selim Pettibone, W. ii.
I TuJten; Mrs. Pettibone, Miss Ida Biunkall;
: Mary, the maid, Elsie Qnedens ; unknown
; female, Miss Louise Lester.
At 10 o'clock dancing was inaugurated and
] continued merrily on until midnight. The
! floor was under the direction of Charles T.
! Jenne, ably assisted by Jnmes Irving.
There was a .benefit entenainment and
; dance given at St. George's Hall, 317 Mason
street, on Wednesday evening, January 20.
The following programme was successfully
carried out: Recitation, "Our K)ags" Miss
Alvina S.trunan; Hi«cland fling, M.sb Dottle
Baxter; selections on the bagpipes, Master
Adam Koss; swi rd dance, Master Robbie Ross;
song, "Our Tea Party," M >as Aivina Stjtiiman;
skirt dance. Miss Jtiiia Turpin; song, Kinney
sisters; tambourine dance, Miss Pearl Brvson.
1 . A very successful entertainment was given
a team captain and player he has no superior
in the world.
For two years he has been the whist editor
of the St. Paul Globe, and he Is one of the very
few experts who can handle the pen as skill
fully as the cards. While all whisters will re
joice at their favorite's elevation, they will
sincerely mourn that it will put an end to his
articles in the Globe. . . Mi.')'*.'
Judge Bunn has of late been most promi
i nent in A. W. L. matters. In addition to his
appointment as Judge above mentioned he
has been elected a diiector and appointed a
member of the committee of experts.
It is to be hoped that the new Judge will find
time in the midst of his duties to keep up a
science in which he has been so wonderfully
proficient. Some whister3 excel In one branch,
some in another, but no one can truthfully
cUim to excel Judge Bunu as a whist-player,
"captain, thinker, writer/ editor or analyzer,
and the A. W. L. nas no more popular or use
ml member tc-day than the Judge of the Sec
ond Judicial District of Minnesota.
Whistlets.
, While President P. J. Tormey of the Pacific
Coast Whist Association is East attending the
midwinter meeting of the American Whist
League he will try and, arrange a series of
games by correspondence between some of the
crack Eastern clubs and the clubs belonging
to the P. C. W. A. .;' •"
. Our whist editor has been invited to attend
the midwinter meeting of the American Whist
League. He left here Monday evening last
with the president of the Pacific Coast Whist
Association. He will visit the clubs of
Milwaukee, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston,
New York, Brooklyn and other cities and
then return by the way of New Orleans, where
he will have the pleasure of a day or two with
N. B. Trlst Everything that is going on the
whist world that will be worth noticing will
appear from time to time in our whist depart
ment.
' Whist iry /Uaska. { £
A short time ago wo received a letter ftom
Nova Scotia asking for our , "Whist Don'ts,'
and a few days ago we received the following:
'jl ■ } ■■'.' -";-' TjNITFI) tTATES STTCAMKR PINT*, 1
'': sitka, Alaska. Doe. 15, 18Bb. J
'■: -Whiat. Editor San Fntntlsco Oall-DtCAK .Sir: As
a subscriber of your pai.er I have been' much inter
ested in the »h st column and am deslraus of se
curing a copy o: your pamphlet entitled "Whist
Don'ts," which I shall greatly 'appreciate if fo:
--warded to me. .' Youn very truly. ' :•* '• . ' .
/' .- F. M. Pykonds.
■/Address: Lieutenant-Commander F. , M. Sy
moods, commanding Untied States steamer Plata,
Alaska. --;■-■'.'■ : ' . •-•.'--',
'■; We forward by post a few copies and will
gladly Bend more ; if desired— free |of all ex
pense. The "Whist Don'ts" are published by
the Owl Drug Company and sent free to every
one. ' ■>..-,■'■ ' ■■' --■-■ V ' ' ?•■ '■ '■■■"
',',-.- '■ ■ * ■■' ■'■—- — ■■«'»'• ~i;
Kangaroo fanning is to be an established
institution in Australia. .
by Miss S. Florence Donjrlas at the Wnroen s
Educational and Industrial ; Union, 7 V»n
Ness avenue, on Tuesday evening. January 19.
The following numbers were cleverly ren
dered: Violin solo. Miss Emma Stewart,. vocal
solo Mrs. J. Harmon Caskey; piano and man
dolin duet. Miss Emily Coleman and Miss S.
Florence Dounlas; vocal solo, Miss Mcknight;
violin solo. Miss Gertrude Walker; vocal duet,
Mrs. Abucr Rouse and F. Pratt.
• On last Friday evening the '&7 Social Club
held their first social at the residence of Miss
Daisy Drake. The house was tastefully deco
rated for the occasion and after a very enjoy
able evening refreshments were served. A
meeting for the election of officers waa be.d
last week and tne following were elected.
George W. Rosekrans, president; K. C. iic-
LeanT secretary, and Henry C. Maybe w treas-
The testimonial benefit given by the Centen
nial Minstrels, an adjunct io the Centennial
Club, tendered io Adier Auxlliarv No, 1, i. v.
B. 8., Tuesday evening, January 24>. «t Lnion
square hail, was a great success, tocia! a* wen
an financial. The appearance of the company
in their white duck costumes, together witn
the handsome -tage settings of palms a:ia cni
nese lanterns, brought forth pt-ais of applaud
from the large audience. Much credit is due
to Seth Wiiiiams for his ardent and conscien
tious work In the coaching of tne company.
Among the participants wtk George Appell,
Mcl Lehman. M. O. Alexander, Martin Simon,
Ruth Rau, Jacob S. Meyer. Jsse A Platt, Al
bchmulien, Ed Feisel, C. r'ogarty, Meyer Leip-
Blc, M. a Meyer, Charles N»drr>, C. L. Badt, Al
Levy, Walt-r Saalburg and Miss L. Breslauer.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Brannick Cele
brate Their Fifth Anniversary.
A surprise party was given to Mr. and Mrs.
J. P. Brannlck at their residence, 137 Dolores
street, Saturday evening, it being the flfjh
anniversary of their marriage.
The presents were numerous and useful.
Refreshments were served at 12 o'clock. Danc
ing followed and was kept up until • late hour.
Thoss present were: Miss Katherlne Monsg
bau, Miss Sarah McGrath, Miss Annie Tracy.
Miss Mary Lyons, Miss Julia Clancy, M.is 3
Denlia Kennedy, Miss Maggie Lahey, Miss |
Maggie Slaitery, Miss Rosie McManus, Miss .
Agnes Hannon, . Miss Marie Lahey, I
Miss Agnes Morton, Mil* Elsie Madden, M.ss i
L. Don lan. Miss Leonard. Miss Mary Green, I
Miss Kate Roddy, Mrs. Madden, Mr. and Mrs. ,
Kirby, Mr. aud Mrs. Kenny of San Jose, Mr. !
ana Mrs. Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. Brogel, J. Bran- ;
nick, James McHugb, L. T. Brannick, T. Carey, |
MicnaelCorley.M. Coxiey, Michael McGraib,
William Corlev, W. Coxley, P. Ward, Thomas
McGrath, P. Donlan. 1. Doulan, F. Madden,
W. and J. Kerr of San Jose. Darby Manning, G.
Jennings, W. Clang, T. Pegrem, J. Gibson, W.
Kane, D Cox and P. Jennii.gs. •
A most enjoyable surprise party was given to i
Abe Jacobs at his home, 318 Tehama street, on ,
last Sunday evening. Those present were: The |
Misses Ray Jacobs, Sarah Jacobs, Flora Abrams,
Dora D*vid, Sarah 6chnit2er, Mabel Levy, !
Annie King, Rose Harris, Flora Harris, Mollie •
Wolfson. Mollie Jacobs, Ida Cohen, Rose Wax- ;
stock, Rose Boiodune. Earn Abrams, Nathan .
Abraros, Professor Ed Piquet. Frank Riitig
stein.Sol Jacob--, Barney Jacobs, ham Jacobs, !
Oscar Jacobs, L. Schwimmer, Harry Levison, |
Rudolph Rosenberg, Henry Kaufman. Ben
Harris, M. Gross Mr. and Mrs. A. Sna'iro, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. X. Glickson. j
A surprise birthday party was given to :
Master Robert Abraham by his parents at 071 .
McAllister street on Monday the 18th.
Games of all kinds end singing and dancing
were among the features of the evening. I
Many presents were received. Tnose present j
were: Master Robert Abraham, Misses Hattie
Rosener, Ethel Shaen, Periie Shaen, 1 Mi. lie
Joseph. Sophie Herizberg, Minnie Hertzberg,
Ketia David, Miriam Tobias, Hannah Such
man, Masters Robert Frank Abraham, Gabriel ■
Abrahuic, Leon Sfiaen, Sydney Rosener. Murry ;
jacobi, Hurry Biubinau, Arttfur Buchman, j
Sarnie Tobias, Arthur Joseph, Georgie Her:z
berg, Mosie Harris, Harry David.
Thomas McDonnell of 3739 Twenty-sixth
street was the recipient of surprise party last ■
Friday evening. Music, dancing and games
were the features oi the evening. About half- j
past 11 an elaborate supper was served.
Among those .present were: Mr. « ad Mrs. I
J. P. McDonnell, Mi« Maude Fisher, Miss Eva ;
Dennett, Miss Annie Van Winkle. Miss Minnie
Bray, Miss Marguerite McDonnell, Miss Nettie :
I Tralnor, Miss Elsie Terkleson, Miss Annie Mc
! Donnell, Miss Acnes Sullivan, Miss Mabel Me- j
1 Donneli, Miss Mamie McDevilt, Miss Mamie
Connoiis, the Misses Ethel and Florence Mc- ;
Donnell. Nellie Connihan, Aun.e McDevitt, i
Thomas McDonnell and others.
On Thursday, January 28, a surprise party
was tendered In honor of Miss May Stolz tit her j
residence, 126 Eleventh street. Those who ;
attended were: Misses M. Scareiber, F. Wilson, j
S. 8to:z. Lulu Bergez. M. J. fchreiber, E. ,
Davis,- F. J. Ford, M. Richard, B. E. Clinton, \
K. C. Hailer, L. Davis, A. Haller, K. Conlan, ,
J. F. Erwiu; Messrs. hd Pinner. Wil. Hochnn, '
S. W. Dake; W. W. Sale, 8. C. Lahamer, J. E. ,
Erwin, W. Heller. C. Roller, E. W. Brown, W.
B. Avezell, P. C. Heinmann.- J. L. Brown, j
Charles Jlanscit, D.D.S. and G.G.S.,Dr.Schlotte, ,
N. B. Wachhoust, D. D S.
A very peasant surprise party was given to
S. J. KaminisKi at the residence of his parents,
Mr. and Mrs.S. Rausch, at 3345 Tweniy-=ecor.d
street, by the Toot Toot Bicycle Club on Satur
day evening last. The rooms were beautifully
decorated wit:i potted plants, evergreens, cut
flowers and Japanese lanterns. The evening ;
was p.easuntly spent in vocal and instrumental I
selections, games and recitation:-. At mid- :
night the guests marched into the banquet- j
hall, where a sumptuous repast was served.
A very enjoyable surprise party was given to !
Mi>s J. Hugiies at her residence, 330 Lexing- j
. ion avenue, Thursday evening, January 21.
The early part of the evening was spent in j
p. ay ing "hearts." - After supper dancing and ;
games were indulged in. The invited guests \
were Miss If. CrandaM, Miss J. Hughes, MissF. j
Raymond, MIssAV. Hughes. Hiss A. Adarasor., '
HIM G. Hughe--,. Miss K. Fairfield, MissG. Wii-
Hams. Mis* M. Bailsman, Miss J. Wahiheim, W. |
Berger, O. E. FairfieWi, G. Crandall, H. Hughes,
K. Rend, A. Raymond, F. Blanchard, Mr. Eber
I and W. Thompson.
AT CORONADO.
Interesting Items Gathered at the
Popular Winter Resort.
Colonel and Mrs. S. M. Horton have returned
lrom au extended Eastern visit, and are acaiu
at the home of their daughter, Mrs. Herbert
Dabney, on the beach.
Mr. and Mrs. M, Stern of Fargo are guests
here.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward 11. KHtredge of San
Francisco are among the prominent visitors
from that City.
John H. Voorhees of Hardy, Voorhees <fc Co.,
lumber merchants, Brooklyn, E. D., accom
panied by Mis. Voorhees and daughter, Miss
Jessie Voorhees, isfiere for the season.
A. C. Dauzul of Sun Francisco was here aur
ing the week.
Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Hudson and child of San
Francisco have apartments here.
Mrs. Beardsiee, wife of Admiral Eeardslee,
who is en route tor Coronado. accompanied by
her brother, is passing a lew days at, the Hot
Springs, Arkansas.
Miss Noyes of Washington, D. C, gave a
dinner at the hotel on Friday evening to a
smali party of iriends.
S. C. Paidee of San Francisco is a frequent
visitor here.
The well-known artist, Thomas HiU, is win
tering here with his party.
A Raymond & Wimcomb excursion, in
Charge of John V\ . Gay Jr., arrived at the hotel
on Saturday evening.
Mr. aud Mrs. Josiaa Oakes of Maiden, Mass.,
are anions our Eastern visitois.
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Clark and W. H. Clark
Jr. are Butte (Mont.) guests here.
Mrs. F. H. Barton and Mrs. C. H. Hill of
Manchester, N. H.. ore sojourning here.
Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Hoover are reeeu't arriv
als .rum Philadelphia.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. Cook of Whitehall.
X. Y.,are at the hotel.
BIUSaP. JXidge nna Miss Elizabeth J. Gray,
of Newburyford, Muss,., are here with the ex
cursion.
Mrs. George W. Helme of Helmetta, K. J.,
and Mrs. E. V. R. Gilford- and maid of Jersey
City, N. J., ure occupying a suite here.
Miss Louise Schotleld of Clifton, N. V., is
re»istered here. # . /
Mrs. J. B. F. Davis of San Francisco gave a.
driving party on SaturUav, the occasion being
her birthday ■ anniversary. Mrs. Kebler of
Denver, Mr. and Miss Strater, of Boston, and
Mrs. W. S. Davis and Miss Davis and Alexis
Bjornson were the invited guests.,
Mr. McKenna and P. J. MrKenna, of Brook
lyn, N. V., are enjoying the duck-shooting on
the bay during tneir sojourn at the hotel.
Bishop Johnson was a visitor at Coronado
the past week.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles 8. Eaton, Mr. and Mrs.
A. T. Whiting and Miss ii. J. Burrell are Bos
ton guests at the hotel. ;r :
: Eugene T. M -hi has returned from New York
and is again a member of the Hotel del Core
ado office force. rj
_ Mr. and Mrs. John A. Emmons, West Rox
bury, Mflsß.,and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Lampson
of Roxbury are staying here. ' - - * :
- 1!. Gullbeau.t, Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Schenck
and Mrs. T. W. Morris are recant New York
arrival*.
The Monterey and Monadnock officers are
frequenters of the hotel. . v :r
Mr and Mrs. C. B. Seeley of New York are
now at the hotel. ■• " • " 7- >
Mr. and Mrs.- M. F. Butters and children and
Mrs. C. Butter.", Ludington, Mich., are, enjoy
ing life at Coronado. , ' v? '
Dr. E. E. Doble is a Boston guest here.
Francis Draz of i Charles Graef & Co. of New
xork is here, accompanied by Mrs. Draz.
Mrs. EmiltoPrug, New , York, and Mrs.
Adelaide B. Dunn, Boston; are spending a
week here.. . ■•
Providence, R. 1., is represented at the hotel
by Mr. ana Mrs. John M. Deac and Mrs. Frank
'Timothy B 'Mooney is a New Orleans gueit
n *Mr and Mrs. R. G. Brown are guests from
Mr. and Ma I- B. Brooks and Philip Brooks,
Minneapolis, have rL-centiy arrived ut the
hotel.
A. C ?mith is down from San Franci'co.
Harvey Hadden, LoLdon, England, who was
here in ii?9O, Is again a guest at the hottk
Mr-. «. E. Wnite and Mise Anna McGowan,
Berkeley, are staying here.
WEDDING BELLS.
Noon Ceremony at St. Mary's.
Applegate-Rugg Nuptials.
A very quiet but fashionable wedding took
place at old St. Mary's Church, on the corner
of Dnpont and California street*, last Wednes
day at bi?h noon. The contracting parties
were George A. Williams, a prosperous young
commission merchant of this City, and Miss
Aggie O'Brien, who is very popular in society.
Promptly at the hour announced the bridal
party marched into the large and elegantly
decorated church, where Rev. Father W. W.
Wyman was in waiting under the floral
wedding bell to receive them. The bride was
escorted by Charles A. White, an old Jriend of
tl.e young couple. Miss Emily O'Brien, sister
of the bride, was bridesmaid. The bride was
elegantly attired in a light-blue satin gown
trimmed with pearls and passementerie. A
wreath of orange blossom confined the flow-
The rl marriage of Frederick Rug? and Mis«
Luella Applegate took place at the Presby
terian Church. Teiaetcul. Wednesday evening,
the Rev. Dr. Curry officiating. Tne young
couple will be at home 10 their mends begin
ning February 15. l_
IN THE FUTURE.
Receptions, Entertainments and
Dances Announced.
The Pacific Dancing Club haE issued invita
tions for its sixty-third party at Odd Feliows'
Hail on Tuesday evening, February 2.
Tae Filbert c:ub, ihe leading club of North
Beach, will give their third annual ball next
Saturday evening, February 6, at Washington
square hall, corner of Union and Stockton
streets.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 will give an
entertainment and dance at Native Sons'
Hall Thursday evening, February 25.
A minstrel entertainment and dance is an
nounced to be given by the members of Borro
mean Council No. 129, Young Men's Institute,
at Mission Opera-hall ou Wednesday evening,
February 17.
The "Pioneers" •will give their initial party
at California Hall on Tuesday evening, Febru
ary 2.
The twe'fth anniversary Dall of El Dorado
Parlor No. 52, N. 8. G. W., will be held Friday
evening, February 19, at Native Sons' Hall,
Mason street.
Ktaniord Parlor, N. S. G. W., will give a
valentine party on the evening oi February
16. The annual ball of this, parlor will be held
Fridt.y evening, February 26.
A vaientins social will be given by Golden
Gate Castle No. 9, Knights of the Golden
Eagle, at Alcazar building, Social Ball, Satur
day evening. February 13.
"The Four Hundred" "will give a reception
at Lunt's Hall. 1310 Polk street, Tuesday even
ing, February 9.
'ihe German Ladies' Benevolent Society,
"Red Cross," will give their first grand prise
masuueratie ball on Saturday evening, Marcn
13.
Farewell Reception.
The ladies of the P-trk Congregational
Church Aid Society of Lorin, Berkeley, gave a
farewell reception Tuesday, January 26, to the
memoers who have recently moved away.
Cov.ts were laid tor t*eniy-?i2ht and tne
table groaned with good things to eat.
Appro{ir:aie ramrka '.\<_re made by Mr?.
Hood, the ;a--.»r : » wife, and others. Tiie
ladies who werHabout to go away showed
tnelr gratitude for the reception given them
in words of love and expresaea their sorrow in
having to sever the i.es wnich had bound
them to the society, it was a regular lore
feast.
Nparly all the royal personages of
Europe are cousins and noi very far re
moved, as it has been laid down by a
German genealogist that every crowned
head of Europe, excepting Turkey, is de
scended from one or the otlier of two sis
ters wbo lived about 150 years aeo.
/ :r NEW TO-DAYI
DRESS SILKS
Advance
Spring
Novelties
ARE NOW ARRIVING.
Printed India Dress Silks.
Conventional Scroll Patterns, df^^,
Navy and White, Black and OUC
White, novel and handsome de- And
«ien% excellent quality; 24
inches wide, two grades, at the £if\f%
exceptionally low pries of \J\J\*
Black Dress Silks.
Heav* Grade SATIN PEKIN To
STRIPES, various width stripes, —"_,
and Handsome Satin and Gros £ Z\(\
Grain Brocad* Dross Silks mat** *"-'
wo have reduced from $1.00..... Per Yard
ADVANCE SALE OF
Wash Dress Fabrics.
Styles that are entirely different from
last season. This i* the time to select from
a laree, new. assortment. American man-
ufactured goods that are ahead of European -
productions both in colorings ancrdesfgns.
Pay us a visit of inspection. Prices are
15c, 20c, 25e and 30c per Yard.
. SOLE AGENTS FOR
"COLUMBIA RID GLOVES!"
BEST GLOVE
IN THE WORLD
.'; jit SLOQ '
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
: FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
/■ .. . — : AND ' :
I 1220-1222-1224 Market St.Review of Mines and
Mining in California
f"f«VHE recent announcement of W. H.
j\.A Mills, the Central Pacific land agent,
\\. tliat trie railroad company will re
from tale for the encouragement of
m j n ing the mineral lands within its grant
now patented to it or for whicn it may re
ceive patents, and that it will afford free
opportunity to miners to discover and de
velop minerals on such lands, will attract
ur.ien interest among mining men. The
railroad company announces that it will
allow prospecting for minerals on its pat
ented lands under contracts the terms of
which are not specified, but which will
protect the prospector in any discovery he
may make. It is also proclaimed that the
company will formally relinquish title to
any mine now actually operated on land be
longing to the railroad and wi'l relinquish
claim to any such mine on unpatented
railroad land. The manner and spirit
with which the railroad company will
carry out these promises and the further
general one that it will be its general pol
icy to encourage the mining industry re
main to be seen, as do the problems of the
intention of the company in relation to
the mineral lands bill pending in Con
gress and the effect oi the announcement
on the fate of the bill. The idea of a
railroad company offering to contract
with prospectors for the latter's benefit is
certainly a novel one. The campaign in
bebalf of the mineral lands bill will, of
course, be maintained as vigorously as
ever by the Miners' Association.
.c week has not brought any impor
/ developments in the pending legisia
at Sacramento in ihe interest of the
ers, but it has also brought no signs of
opposition which change the confident
prospect that the important bills proposed
will be passed with little amendment.
The State Mining Bureau seems certain
to receive the liberal appropriation which
its service to the mining industry aud the
present especial need of it warrant.
Tirey L. Ford, chairman of one of the
legislative committees of the Miners'
Association, will be at Sacramento this
week, and while there, in the general in
terest of mining legislation, wil. 1 propose
an amendment to the bill reappropriating
$250,000 lor restraining dams, providisg
that the proposed Commissioner be sub
ject to the Slate Board of Examiners in
expending the money. A Southern Cali
fornia miners' convention will be held in
a few days through the efforts of the
Riverside County miners, and recom
mendations concerning State raining
legislation will be formulated and sent to
fcacramento.
Tue Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
which watches indications closely, is not
figuring on the phenomenal rush to Alaska
this spring which is being frequently pre
dicted irorn the Puget Sound region. One or
the latest forecasts was that from 15,000 to
20,000 would measure the rush. Last year
the camber was about 2000. At the gen
eral offices of the steamship company it
is aaid that the anticipations are for con-
siderable but not a notabie increase of
business. The company, however, will
tiiis year run a steamer from the sound to
Juneau and Sitka every live days instead
of twice a month as last year.
Inquiry übout Alaska has not become
noticeable in San Francisco, bat it is much
livelier at Seattle and Tacoma, and there
«iue merchants are much interested in j
iting those intending to go. The j
eau merchants are vigorously carry
ing on a campaign to induce prospectors
to wait until they get to Juneau to buy
their outfits and supplies and maintain a
bureau at Seattle for that purpose.
The Alaska Commercial Company will
probably further improve its Yukon River
It will have five steamers on that
stream this year instead of four as last
year, and irregular trips will be made
from St. Michaels to Forty-mile Camp and
other points. One steamer wiil occa
sionally reach Fort Selkirk, 2300 miles
from the mouth of the gr-at river. This
year, as will each .-uccee iing year, will see
some increase in opportunities and con
veniences for travel and sub3ktence and
some amelioration of ihe privations which
prospectors and miners must undergo, but
there will be plenty of hardship to face
acain this year, especially for men with a
Ehort supply of money.
There is unquestionably a great future
for gold mining in Alaska, however, and
it will be gradually ar.d steadily developed
at the cost of money, failures and lives
The presence of god placers along the
Yukon is of course certain evidence that
deposits of jroid-bearing quartz are some
where distributed over a vast region.
According ;o reports from Washington
the United States Geological Survey has
published a report of the expedition sent
10 the Alaskan goldlields last summer.
The placer gold was traced to quartz veins
nlonp the headwaters of tributaries of the
"Yukon, and a gold belt 300 miles long wns
outlin d. Tue Geoloxical Surrey will
doubtless soon make a more adequate re
connoissance of the region and into it pros
pectors will be going before very Jon;:.
An illustration of the fact that the time
has at last come when the debris que-t
--?;ion can b9 debated calmly and wuh
jput tierce hostilities is afforded by a series
TO HOLD A Y. M. I. DAY.
Local Councils Will Patriotically
Celebrate It on Febru
ary 22.
There Wil! Be an Entertainment in
the Afternoon ani a Grand Ball
in the Evening.
The members of the thirteen councils of
the Young Men's Institute of this City
have for some time past been busy mak
ing preparations for the proper observ
ance of the anniversary of the birth of
George Washington, which has been se
lected as Y. M. I. day.
The members of this order are inspired
by patriotism, the teaching of which is
one of the principles of the organization.
Atone of the sessions of the Grand
Council it was suggested that one day in
the year be selected as the one to be ob
served by the members, and it was far
ther suggested that the one to be se
lected should be one identified with Amer
ican history. After the matter had been
thoroughly canvassed it was decided to
can history. After the matter nad D<;en
'.oroughly canvassed it was decided to
elect the 22d of February.
' The initial steps for ti.e coming celeora
tion were taken a few weeks ago, and
sines then the various committees Re
jected have been actively at wort, to the
end that this year's arrangements shall
surpass those of the previous year.
The following-named have been selected
as the general, committee: E. li. Thomas
of those interesting articles thereon by an
engineer just published by the Mining and
Scientific Press without causing dispute or
controversy. Tie articles were an effort
to dispassionately analyze the damage
done by detritus in the Sacramento Val
ley and the responsibility therefor. John
D. McGiJlivray, editor of that paper,
briefly sums up the showing made as fol
lows:-
First— Of the debris sent down into the Sac
ramento drainage system while hydraulic
mining was carred on unrestrictedly not over
one-fiith could have come from the mines.
Second — Owing to the increased population
in the foothills and mountains since that time,
and consequently greater erosion, the amount
of debris now coming down is about as great
as it was while the mines were in operation,
and consequently the evils then complained of
are as great as ever.
Third— That had hydraulic mining not been
discontinued some $75,000,000 would nave
been produced from the mines, and the loss in
value oi capital and income to the State has
amounted to over $200,000,000.
Fourth— The direct damage caused by the
debris making lands valueless, ioss oi product
and loss to sympathetic industries has not
amounted to over $50,000,000, and of this cer
tainly not over one-flith could be charged to
the hydraulic miners.
Sixth— The maximum damage possible If all
lands that lie low enough to ba covered with
debris should be destroyed would not exceed
$40,000,000.
During 1896 the Selby Smelting Works
handled gold ores, Ihe total value of which
exceeded by $2,0007000uie value of the gold
ores handled in 1895. Secretary Under
| wood expects another marked increase
i during 1897. This great concern is the
I only smelter in California doing custom
work, but the near future promises to see
the establishment ot other big smelters in
this State, as well as in Oregon, Washing
ton and British Columbia. There ismucn
talk going on about smelters being erected
■ at various points, and a number of towns
! are wanting one. Coiton and Los Angeles,
1 Grants Pass. Oregon, Vancouver and Ross
land, B. C, are among them.
The Mountain copper mines in Bhasts
! County ara giving an impetus to the min
ing of low-grade ores in that region by
buying them for use as a flux for their
copper ores in their smelter.
It is expected that the Bellwether, Argo
naut and Anila mines in Amador County
will each receive forty-stamp mills during
the year.
Rich ore has been found in the Tyron,
near Angels, in Calaveras County.
The old Skinner mine in El Dorado
County is to be renamed the Empress
Josephine by the recent purchasers, who
are driving a tunnel into the hill in the
development of its deeper r'ches.
R. D. Harper of San Francisco has
bonded the Sierra Rica and Pedro Gosa
mines in Maripoaa County, which have
lain iale for years.
Fres-no and Eastern people who have
bought several mines in the Snerlocks
country, Mariposa County, intend to erect
an eiectric power plant on Sherlocks Creek
to operate the mines.
Two prospectors recently found a small
deposit of gravel on Squaw Creek, Snasta
County, which yielded them $800. Many
men are at work on old gravel or at crevi
cinp.
Tb? Colorado River Mining Company oi
San Diego is one of the latest mining cor
porations. The capital is $1, 000, 000 and
the incorporators are of Arizona and
Southern California.
Randsburg can now telephone to Mo
jave.
A cyanide plant with a capacity of
twenty tons a day will be erected at Cow
Wells, twelve mi;es from Kandsburg.
The Lost Horse mine, the largest pro
ducer in the Mojave liesert, is yielding
abont $6000 a month. John Lang, the
prospector who i'riginal!y discovered the
Lost Horse, has just made a rich find three
miles lrom the Lost Horse.
The Golden Cross mine in Southern
California, near Yuma, ia yielding $1000 a
day.
The Colton cement works have resumed
operations, and expect to keep going this
time.
The Gold Mountain mine, San Bernar
dino County, has been closed down lor the
winter.
The Adelaide copper mine, Humboldt
County, Nev., now employs forty men.
A debris agitation teems to be brewing
in the Lower Fraser, in British Columbia,
as the mining development proceeds.
According to the Oroviile Mercury,
Butte County produced $250,000 more in
gold in 1596 than in 1835.
Carbonate liiil, L'-adville, which has
produced ore worth $75,0 X),000 and given
employment to a thou and people, has
been stilled for some years as a certain
result of the strike. Tho hoisting out of
the big pumps in some of the largest
properties and the consequent flooding
has dismayed the city and the striking
miners. The activity of the Leadville
district, whenever it is resumed in the
future, will be in the line of development in
other parts of the district and it will be
years befo.e Leadville recovers from the
blow of the s;i!l unsettled strike.
Keen competition has demoralized the
smelting industry in Utah.
(chairman), E. J. O'Rourke (secretary),
John E. Owens, C. Cummins.T. P. O'Brien,
J mPB P. Foiey. P. J. Wbalon, A. T.
Coakldy, James A. Kilev, J. H. Malonev,
Dr. C. A. Glover, E. R. Aiyrick, M. E.
Kine, R. Tobin, M. J. Connerton, Mai F.
Silk, V. J. Priscoll, K. Ha>den, P. J. Law
lor, H. J. McGinnis. J. F.'Comyns, J.Mui
ligaa.
The sub-committees are the following:
Talent committee— T. P. O'Brien, James P.
Foiey, E. R. Myrick, H. J. Mcuinnis
Auditing committee— M. E. King, F. J. Dris
coll, James A. Rlley, James P l-'oley T. P
O'Brien.
Printing committec-P. J. Whaien, Dr. C. A.
Glover, M. E. King, F. J. Driscol!, It. J. Con
nerton.
Decorating committee— John E. Owens J.
T. Comyns, K. Hayden, J. Mullisau.
Press Mai ft hnk, Chris Cum
mins.
Music committee— A. F. Coakley R. Tobin
M. J. Connerton, P. J. Lawlor.
As yet nothing further has been de
cided upon beyond the determination to
hold a musical and literary entertainment
in Metropolitan Hall during the after
noon and a ball in the Mechanics' Pavilion
in the evening. The programme for the
afternoon wiil include patriotic addiess
and vocal and instrumental music. The
speakers and those who will render the
various numbers are to be selected in the
near future. It 1b the intention of the
committee to make the ball in the evening
one of the most uttractivc events oi the
kind ever given in this City.
FRIENDS OF DUMB BEASTS.
The State Humane Convention Will Be
11. .1 in This City.
The reenlar monthly meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals was held Thursday. There were
present: Trustees N. P. Cole, Colonel j.
P. Jackson, C.,8. Crittenden. Columbns
\Vaterhouse, J. S. Hutchmson, K. E.
Holmes, i\ B. Gibson, Theodore (jrueu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
Denver people are pushing a project fo r
a bie smelter at Rossland, B. C.
Rich strikes in the Colorado mining dis
tricts are constantly reported in the Den
ver papers.
The Puma mining district in Park
County, Colorado, is the latest new field
in that State.
The present lessees of the Nightingale
mine in the Cripple Creek district have
found on mine dump ore assaying
$5760, which was thrown away by previ
ous lessees who did not discover its value.
The Town Council of Vancouver is con
cern plating the offer of a bonus for a smel
ter at that place.
The Arizona Legislature has prohibited
the relocation oi mining claims by parties
who have failed to do the required annual
assessment work.
The Seattle Post-Intelligencer is prepar
ing to publish a book, "Mining in the Pa
cific Northwest," by L. K. Hodges, for
some time a special mining correspondent
of the paper. The work will be illustrated
by twenty maps and give a mass of de
tailed and general information, which
will doubtless give it great value and in
terest.
An illustration of how Rossland, B. C,
Doomed during the great raining develop
ment of last year is the fact that in the
year its population increased from 400 to
6000.
Oregon capitalists who have secured
bonds covering several hundred acres in
the big bend of the Klamath River, Siski
you County, will build a flume to carry
4000 inches of water from the east fork of
Indian Creek. .
At New Chum Hill, Bendigo, Australia,
a rich di-covery is reported in a quartz
mine at a depth of 3200 feet, after going
through 1000 feet of low-grade ore. Cali
fornia is destined to display many just
such instances.
The increase in the mineral output oi
Yavapai County, Ariz , over that of 1895
is put at $300,000.
In the St. Peter-Martin mines near
Jerome, Ariz , ore assaying $1744 in gold
has been tound.
The United Verde Copper Company of
Jerome, Ariz., is greatly enlarging its
dant, while its daily output is estimated
at nearly $20,000.
Notes From Randsfeurg.
Kandsbukg, Jan. 36, 1897.
There is an immense amount of freighting to
this point, both by way of Kramer and Mo
jave, and the long desert roads are literally
spotted with teams of all descriptions. There
are now six daily stages bringing loads of pas
sengers, and a safe estimate of the arrivals
wouli be at least forty people each day by
stage and probably half as many more by
private conveyance. Hotels and lodging
houses are being built on all sides and are
taxed to their utmost to accommodate the
travel. There are now over 200 wooden bui.d
ings and nearly 300 tents in the town proper.
The Olympus, Kiuyon, Wedge and Eutte mines
| are working a full force of men and turning
out large quantities of high-grade ore. A rich
strike was made in the Butte mine the other
I day and ore that will run $20 to the sack is
i now being sent to the mill.
Real estate has taken quite a spurt during
■ the past week and many transfers are being
I made at rates fully 100 per c--nt in advance of
| prices ruling a week ago. This movement Is
due largely to the fact of the organization of a
strong company backod by Los Angeles capi
tal that has taken hold of the Val Verde
group of mines, formerly owned by C. A.
Burcham. This company proposes to at once
commence work on a three-compartment shaft
and sink to the depth of 1000 feet. There are
two well-defined veins running parallel to
each other on this property and about 300 feet
apart, showing about six feet of $20 ore, Rnd
it is aimed to cut the upper one at about 300
j feet and the lower one at 600 leet depth. A
part of the plan of operation is to pipe water
from a point ten miles distant and in ample
quantity to not omy supply their own needs
| but for all purposes of milling and domestic
! uses at a rate not to exceed one-fiith of the
present cost. This will bring milling down to
about $5 p->r ton and enable the starting up ot
many low-grade properties, in which this dis
trict abounds.
There are a great many practical mine
operators here at the present time who are
ciosciy investigating the district, and many
purchases oi mining claims are being quietly
mad.' by men of means ana experience, indi
cating that the camp is on the eve of a genu
ine boom. Representatives are here from
every large mining syndicate on tho Pacific
Slope. Marcus Daly of Montana has one or
more men here at all times, and the o'.d-time
methods that have made him famous In every
California mining camp until begets a foot
hold are being observed here in his crying
down every enterprise that lends to real de
velopment of the camp; at the same time r>e
is negotiating for several promising pieces of
property here. Messrs. Brown and Shinn,
large owners in t;;e Litt.e Johnny mine, the
famous gold- producer of Leadviile, Colo.,
have made severa ! purchases and are pushinc
development work on all ttieir claims.
A rich strike has been made in the Eureka
mine, lying immediately south of the O.ym
pus, and a body of ore measuring over four
;eot in thickness and running fully $40 per
ton was cut by a cross tunnel at a depth of
200 feet from the cropping on the surlace.
This property is owned b; R. F. Dickenson of
Frcsuo, who came here a short time ago, hav
ing had no former experience in mining.
The new five-stamp mill at Cuddeback lake,
near the famous St. Elmo mine, was started
up this week. This makes thirty-five camps
now dropping in the district and one five-foot
Hu'tington roller mill with cyanide attach
ment.
hagen and Max Stein. The following new
members were elected :
William Hart. Joseph Frtedlander, J.
W. Norttiey. E. A. Perrin, Davi I J. Buclc,
Chares Battie, L. Kepller, Ljuis L vy.
J. M. Foge, Louis Mulier, A. Wucker,
William Denmark, Jofin E. Anderson,
George H. biebe, Fred Potr, L. H. Kohn
were elected as officers lor the society.
The report of the seer tarv showed 310
cases reported, involving 1026 animals.
The officer" investigated 306 cases and
prosecuted 34, and secured 21 convictions,
which resulted in 20 tines and 1 imprison
ment. Dunn? the month 13 animals were
killed and 198 taken from work. Cash
amounting to $564 wns received, and
$373 80 disbursed, leaving $190 20 on
hand.
Secretary Hoi brook gave a report of the
meeting, or convention, of the California
State Humane Association at Sacraaiento,
and stated that the local delegates had in
viied tli9 State association to hold its next
convention in San Francisco. The invita
tion was accepted, and the convention
will be held here during the carnival week.
From all accounts there will be a large
gathering when the convention meets, Jor
at the Sacramento meeting fourteen so
cieties were represented, and all promised
to attend the next one.
A communication was received from
the Olympic Gun Club asking permission
to hold a live pigeon trap-shooting tour
nament. Thfc request was made as the
members of this club do not intend to
enter into any controversy with the so
ciety, whO3e aims and objects it indorses.
If the request was granted every pre
caution would retaken to prevent cruelty.
No action was taken, which means that
the society will not in nny way give its
sanction to live-pigeon shooting.
Numoroui experiments to determine
the best fire-resisting materials for the
construction or doors nave proved that
wood covered with tin resists tire better
than iron door.
, . NXW TO-DAY" DRT GOOD'S. _^_._^..
AH Unrestricted . Our Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale opens
a 'm the month of February with SOME OF THE
And GREATEST AND MOST STARTLING PRICE
Unsparing REDUCTIONS EVER KNOWN even in the
-^ .-. ■* history of our many former wonderful Bargain
... Sacrifice. Sales, for these PRICE REDUCTIONS ARE
NOT RESTRICTED TO A FEW SPECIAL LINES, as is so often the case in
many so=cailed "Clearance Sales," BUT EXTEND TO Ppo-flj-rllp<i<i
AND EMBRACE EVERY PARTICLE OF OUR COLOS- «< c S ai aiic&»
SAL SURPLUS STOCK of Fall and Winter Dry Goods, ol
which MUST BE FORCED OUT IMMEDIATELY Cost or Value.
EMBROIDERIES. MEN'S 'ToT^l'lT. I LADIES' .g* o : ¥?"o S ; HOSIERY c ffi'if.K- n 3
EMBROIDERIES. WEAR. STITCHEDHAND- GLOVES.- LENGTH .DEP'T. BLACK RIB-
t/VItSKUILICKItIO. WEAK. KERCHIEFS, with ULUVCO. MOUSQUET- UCf I. BEDCOTTON
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROID. white and fancy borders, extra AIRE UNDRESSED KID HOfcE, spliced knees, double ueela
ERY regular price 10c per yard. fT A large size, regular price $120 a C fi GLOVES, in dark an; medium and toes, last black, worth 25c a 1 0l«
Clearance sale price 0C dozen. Clearance sale price each «v tan shades, worth regular $1 50 a M. pair, Clearance Sale (.rice \.£iZX>
-^ 'w pa^r. Clearance sale price vvv ;
114 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED
75 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED ' , . „__„„ nTVTTI>II , . BLACK COTTON HOSE, double
-.„„„.„ rniPnT?F FVRRnin HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, with ..nSvn^finnTmr l^ 2 heeis Una toes, Hermsdurf cive,
CAMBRIC G^LIPURE EMBROID. ni double heels and toes, regular FRENCH KID GLOVES, em- worth 25c a pair, Clearance Sale 1".
pi 'n,»i»i ft Srice P y 7-Vi price 25c a pair. Clearance Bale I A. broidered backs and lar e but- priCe ...... ... IDC
Clearance sale price I i\j price... ......f. ........... IvC tons, m dark, medium and dark :• ,
••••• ••• shades, also black, worth regular . .
* 1 75 a P air - . Clearance sale <M 00 .73 dozen LADIES ' IMPORTED
R9 rt rt «n MFK'H ttvtpa tttvit PflCB •••••••; .**•—. j BLACK CASHMERE WOOL
..• bl dozen MEN d JiA-IKA rlX^iS . Hrmw fin., ri. 1, i  ,i,ii, i,o^i 0
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND CASHMERE LAMBS-W OOL ;> solea «d toes re -ui-lr^r cc 7& a rA '
PWISB GUIPURE EMBROID- SOCKS, in assorted tans, vicuna ,^ n oT, nTTn v tvV r T H pair Searanw "s£e nrice 50C
ERY, regular price 20c per yard. I A., and cadet blue shades, extra good VoTsomw r L N:n? 6^ pair, Clearance bale price VV\j
Clearance sale price IVC value for $3 a dozen. Cieaiance f£2 A viT^r?BVwii^ « P^KEsbED
bilp r>n>« lu^ft KID GLOVES, in dark and medium
price. IVW tan shades, worth regular $175 a*l.oo TOdozen LADIES' JERSEY RlB-
— — . pair. Clearance sale* price..: $1— BED EGYPTIAN COTTON
45dozen MEN'S HEAVY TWILLED "' VESTS, high neck, long sleeves,
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND MUSLIN NIGHTSHIRTS, made " handsomely trimmed neck an-J
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND. MUSLIN NIGHTSHIRTS, made . -•• , fron' • drawers to niitrh' rpunlnr
SWISS GUIPURE EMBROID- extra large with double yoked 90 dozen' 4-BUTTON DERBY KID value oT each Clearance Sale an
ERY, regular price 30c and 35c fr. backs and . felled seams, regular GLOVES, large buttons, in dark orice Clearance bale 9A«
per yard. Clearance sale price i.o\i price 85c each. Clearance sale fTA- and meaium brown shades, worth
.■-,';; price... VVvi regu.ar $150 a pair. Clearance*! 00 i
. •: --■.r-v-.! sale price .. ... . ...- *!•— 69 <lozen LADIES' JERSEY RIB-
. . . . • " "' BED WOOL AND COTTON
35 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TEN- MIXED VESTS, high neck, lon*
CAMBRIC NAINSOOK AND MS FLANNEL OVERaHIRTS sleeves; drawers to match; war-
SWISS GUIPURE EMBROID- . made full sizes, with double . niDDHMC No 5 1-inch ranted noa-shr.nfcinp, white and
ERY, regular price 40c and 43c ft A- yoked backs and' with pearl but- ' RIBBONS. A LL-8 ILK ' > mSSLSSS'LZ!?" ?'" ' 75ft
per yard. Clearance sale price <SUC ton s, extra value for 75c each. CA. DIRRnWC SATIN AND Clearance bale price iOb
Clearance sala price....... uVKi l\.l DDUI S. G R O S -
: ''■;'•■ , GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted 64 dozen LADIES' NATURAL '
or, j «t^xt,o t^™,, . ttt, . ,r,r colors, value '!■%» a yard. Clear- i a GRAY SANITARY WOOL
, 20 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY a nee sale price. ... 4C ' VhST3, hi K h neck, long sleeves;
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS V .... U drawers to match; warranted
SWISS GUIPURE EMBROID- AND DRAWERS, fancy silk fin- non-shrinking, worth $1 28 each, ri*
ERY, regular price 50c and 60c ft r. ished, odd sizes, regular price $1 25 /»£-» No. 40, 3-INCH ALL-SILK MOIRE Clearance Sale price lt)C
per yard. Clearance sale price.... UV\) each. • Clearance sale price \)0\) TAFFETA RIBBONS, in assorted
• • colors, value a yard. Clearance IF. __, »-.^, ™ ,
• ~ 28 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN B * le P rice : " IOC CORSETS. AS I "s"
AT HALF PRICE, IOSO9R SETS. ( lambs-wool and camel's- — black . sateen corsets,
HL Uiiiii inn , v ii uuio. HAIR MIXED UNDERSHIRTS No. 80, 4K-INCH ALL- SILK , extra long waist, high bu-t, two
FINE NAINSOOK SETS, edging and in- AND DRAWERS, warranted thor- MOIRE TAFFETA RIBBONS, in side steels each side, guaranteed
sertion to match, will be offered dur- ouahly shrunk,, extra value for $ 1.00 assortei coiors, value 40c a yard. O"i» i perfect fitting, worth $1 each. /ir ft
ing this sale at half usual prices. $1 5j each. Clearance sale price.. $1 — Clearance sale price.. Q'jKj , Ciearance Sale price Ot)G
IjU Murphy Building, / mU Murphy Building, £ mi/ Murphy Building, / Mil Murphy Building, /
Harlet and Jones Streets. I lartet and Jones Streets. Met Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
FROM GREATEER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs and Qossip
About the California Colony ir\ the
Eastern J^letropolis
IVfjEW YORK, N. V., Jam. 25, 1h97.
--1\l" There's a tempest in the punch
■ii^L^ bowl; and the great and small
craft of Gotham's society are eagerly tack
ing for fair-weather ports, where tattered
sails and damaged hulks may be mended
without inconvenience to the owners.
Lite a typhoon on the Chinese seas, a
reverend doctor — one William S. Rains
ford—has swept all before him during the
pa«t week. Boldly and bravely he has
declared that the luvish and gaudy osten
tation of the mighty rich in New York is
driving the thousands of hall-starved poor
to despair and desperation.
From his pulpit in St. George's Protes
tant Episcopal Church in Stuyvosant
square be hns hurled burning sentences
of .-corn and bitter reprimand at ihe be
diamonded rich, and with swimming eyes
and trembling voice, half choked with
Christian emotion, he has told the
hoarders of riches the oft-repeated tale of
poverty and starvation, strengthening the
force of it by throwing the high lights of
local color on the sufferings of the half
starved, half-clad poor of Greater New
York.
The whole rumpus has been brought
about by a bunch of busy bodies, and
though i)r. Rainsford refrained from using
names every one felt ;onvinced that he
was slapping the Bradley- Martins squarely
across the front.
On the 10th of February one of the
grandest ana most costly balls of the sea
son will be given at the Waldorf by Mr.
and Mrs. Bradley-Martin. Invitations
have been sent out bidding about 400
guests to attend their grand bal masque.
'Tis said their cotillon given at Delmon
ico's several years ago cost over $50,000.
Their bal masque at the Waldorf will
amount to something like $100,000.
Query—lsn't it a good thing for the com
munity at large to have ihe wealthy pleas
ure-seekers loosen their private sacks and
empty some of their shekels into the
palms of the generous trades people.
"The ayes have it!"
Jerome Cox Ball and his lovely bride ar
rived in town on Monday and registered
at the Park Avenue Hotel on Fourth
avenue. They only remained a few days
at the hotel, when they moved out to 223
West One Hundred and Sixth Btreet,
where they will reside for the winter.
Last Tuesday found District Attorney
Carl E. Lindsay of Santa Cruz way down
on Nassau street looking wise and serious.
"I'm not supposed to be in New York just
now," said he with a smile, "but I hap
pened to arrive a day or two ahead of
time. I will remain but a couple of days
here. 1 can't say lam bent on any par
ticular business; there were really »everal
reaaons lor my flying trip to this cold and
ice-bound city," and with a hearty Califor
nia handshake, he hurried along and was
lost in the changing throng.
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood of San Francisco
and her little son are cosily settled at the
Pane Avenue. Mrs. Sherwood has a
number of intimate friends here, who
have made her visit thus far very pleasant:
Lieutenant William R. Smedberjj Jr.*
D. S. A., is a guest at the Grand.
Marshall Pierce and Miss Pierce of Oak
land are spending a few weeks at the New
Manhattan.
The Lotos Club has issued very neat
cards of invitation lor the "Ladies' Day
Reception to the Manuscript Society of
New York, by the Lotos CJub, Thursday,
January 28, 1897; from 2 until 5 o'clock."
One of the most popular members of the
Lotos Club Is our own gifted Julian Rix.
Though Mr. Rix has been away from
California for a number of years he is still
true to the old friends in his former home,
and it goes without saying that the old
friends do not forget Julian Rii. His
handsome studio on Fifth avenue is not a
rendezvous for -restless or idle Bohemians,
though ne makes a few caosen friends
welcome. He is too busy to spare the
daylight hours away from his paints ami
canvas, because his time is constantly oc
cupied in creating new light and shade
effect.". Mr. Rix spends four or five
months every year at his little bungalow
studio among the Singac Hills in New
Jersey.
There he paints exclusively out of
doors, catchine the sunlight as it fails
across an. open in the woods, or quickly
reproducing the tender atmosphere which
beautifies even the dullest landscape.
Among his recent works arc several that
will appeal to the lovers of nature's peace
ami repose.
One is "The Edge of the Forest After a
Rain." The trees look newly washed and
t c ground, grasses and rocks look glisten
ing and wet as though a heavy rain bad
just ceased. The gray skies are breaking
and showing patches of blue and white
between.
Another is a moonlight scene, and Mr.
Rix has cunningly caught the wonderful
iridescent effect on the water that one
often sees but cannot describe.
Hanging i.. a heavy frame of gilt is an
immense picture of the Santa Cruz
Mountains, with great, heavy banks of
white fosr creeping down over their sum
mits. It is dubbed "Incoming Fop;"
"Easterners don't like Western scenery,
as a rule," says Mr. Rix, "first, because
few of them have ever seen such high
mountains and ihe majority won't believe
there are such rugged h ights. That is
the reason most of my compositions are
of the lowlands and placid lakes. Atmo
sphere, nature's joyous colorings and the
red glow of a crimson sunset are worth a
lifetime of study if one can just succeed
dow and then in reproducing them on
canvas," says Mr. Rix, in a cheerful and
confident tone. He has succeeded. "No,
I have never married, and" (sighing) "I'm
too much of a bachelor now to ever try
marriage."
There may be some one who will con
vince him to the contrary.
P. E. Benner of San Francisco has been
in the city over a week.
F. A. Lyon of Sacramento, Cal., regis
t red at an uptown hotel, with the expla
nation that "New York would not know
him very long."
Many complimenti and congratulations
have been paid Clara Foltz during the past
few days concerning her very excellent
bill on public defenders, which was intro
duced in the New York Legislature by
Senator Grady cf New York City last
Wednesday. The Albany newspapers and
New York papers are unanimously in
(avor of the just bill.
There is no doubt that Pauline Ag
nes Ryder will mate a name and fame
for herseif, which will carry her up among
the gifted ones in the world of music.
Born at Los Angeles .in 1879 she grew to
be a girl o! eleven years Defore her mother,
Mrs. I. C. Ryder, discovered her daughter
had natural gifts for music. The violin \
was the young girl's chosen instrum nt.
After several years of industrious study in i
Los Angeles, s.'ie and her mother came on j
to New York. Since her arrival she has !
been studying under the best masters.
Recently she has played at a number of j
musicales and recitals most successfully.
Her rendering of MendeUsohn'3 famous
"Capriccioso" is marvelous in execution,
and she has been warmly received and
highly complimented by such great musi- !
cians as Paderew^ki and Camilla Urso, i
the great violinist. Miss R/der is quite |
tall, lithe and graceful and forms a pretty
picture when in the poetic position a
violinist nia'/ assume when playing. She j
is a true Californian in her ambition to be j
the first on top, and f imo in all its refine- j
ment will undoubtedly be ners. She i? so i
young and unassuming that until one has !
heard her play one can scarcaly realize
the wondrous gifts which nature has 1
■bowered on her. She is at present study- j
ing with Mme. Wrencowski, who is here I
in New York for the purpose o: preparing
pupils for the great maestro, Lechitezky
of Vienna. Miss Ryder will go abroad
next. fall.
This week the women's clubs are to meet
r.t Carnegie Lyceum ani discuss toe
"Charter of Greater New York." It seems
the ladies do not like the form of said
charter. Thero is considerable interest
expressed in what the women are likely to
say.
This little story is not exactly apropos,
but it is a bit on the same lines of con
demnation:
"Mr. Milkman, you needn't leave milk
for us after to-morrow."
"What's the matter, lady? Ain't oar
milk all right?"
"Well, it's just this way: The milk you
leave is too weak for bluing and it's too
wet for milk." Tableau.
Tkella Foltz Tolahd.
34 Park Row.
SOCIALISTS ACTIVE.
Will Have to Secnre More Commodious
Quarters.
Tbe Socialists are nothing if not aggres
sive. They are determined that the
world shall be made better by their efforts
and if they fail many times their defeat
gives them renewed courage and iucreased
strength to fight the battles over again.
At the last election tbe Socialist Labor
party had a ticket in the field, not that
they ever believed that the general public
had accepted the Socialists' Heas of eco
nomics and would elect their candidates,
but to demonstrate that there is a large
element in the community that is not
satisfied with <he present order of things.
They were defeated, Dut not crushed,
for now these earnest workers are prepar
ing for another campaign under the red
flag of tbe brotherhood of man. Next
March there will be a municipal election
in Oakland and preparations are being
made for another battle in the City of
Oaks across the bay.
The party has a soodly following in
that city ana it proposes to put before the
people the names of Socialist candidates
for office. In this movement they will be
vigorously supported by the Socialists of
San Francisco. Able speakers will be
sent from this sMe to assist in stumping
Oakland and in their campaigning thtj
Sodalisis always do telling work in e.lu-
I eating the people in matters of political
and social economy.
They will no doubt obtain many con
i yens to their views, for they have done s-o
wherever they have planted their banner.
On Monday Messrs. Kin^sley and Ford,
j both convincing speakers, went to Oak
land in the interests 01 the cause and to
open the Oakland campaign.
In this City the socialists of the Ameri
can branch will resume their street rneet
| ings. In the past they have had trouble
with the authorities and with private in
j dividuals in holding these street lectures,
I but they hope that these annoyances and
I interference with free speech will be
j avoiaed in the future. Many converts to
I sociali>m have been made at these open
j air gatherings of people who stopped
through curiosity to listen, but who wero
not previously sufficiently interested to
aitend the regular meetings.
Word received yesterday from Sacra
mento shows that the section there is in a
■ most flourishing condition and its most
i enthusiastic members are employed in the
I railroad workshop*. Another lively so
i cialist center b in Berkeley, where a new
: section was organized a we-k aeo. Not a
! few of the students of the State University
I believe that they can learn mucli of mat-
I ters of political economy from those who
! rally u»de r the red flag;
I As stated in last Monday's Call the at
-1 tendanceat the educational lectures given
I by the American Branch in t is City is so
large that it will b; necessary to move
' from Pythian Castle to "Washington Hall,
135 Eddy street. The change will be made
Indian Kelirf Fund.
Tho clergymen of Sin Francisco are respect
fully invited to present to ;heir congregations
on Sunday next the apj eal of tho starving mul
titudes of India for aid. The committee of fifty
named by Mayor Phclan will ninet to-day at 2
¥. M. m Chamber of Commeice Hall to inaugu
rnte the movement for relief. It is hoped tho
churches will akl in the charitable work by
giving it wider publici ty from the pulpit.
A German has invented an incandes
cent lump apparatus for showing the inte
rior of boiler* while filled with steam.
SEW TO-DAT
THE METHOD OF I GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAR.VfcSS OF Ml
WHICH f FRED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, hut when a
man is slowly wasting awny with nurvom
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than tbe mo>t severe pain. There
is no let up to tho mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer roiled and
tossed on the troubled sen of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he hud not
better take a dose ot poison and thus end all
his throuble3. But providential inspiration
came to his aid In the shape of a combination
of medicines thtu not only completely restored
the general, health, but enlarged hia weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to fend his ntme and aldress may
have the me*hod or this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I sny free I mean absolutely
Without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
i lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
I an enihnsiasi, bu: there are thousands of men
Buffering the menial tortures of weakened
manhood who would D 3 cured at enca could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not ;ry to study out how 1 can
afford to pay the few postage-stumps necessary
to mail the infurmation, but scad for it ana
learn that there are n few things onear.h
that, although they cost uotning to cet, arc
worth a iortuue to some ;nen and mean a life-
time of happiness to most oi us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Ka nuaxoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plaia
■ealed envelope.
1920
SUNDAY JANUARY 31,1397
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IB
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally »nd Sunday Call, six mom Us, by mall.. 3.00
Da^ly and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall *-W
V» UUCLY Call, one year, by mall A «6O
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Mark Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone aialn-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Kovtr.oTO.eTy ttreet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Xarklu street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
friW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2513 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
lloomi 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York CUy>
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Eastern Manager.
" THE" CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It will soon be a finished Cabinet.
The Bradley-Martins are always over
doing the thing.
As Secretary of War. General Alger will
satisfy the country and please the soldier
boys.
It is time for California to get rid of
cinch-bill legislation and blackmail jour»
nalism.
If the shivering Easteners could have
our kind of a storm they would call it a
blessing.
Willie Hearst has turned his high
binders loose for blooi or bocdle and the
fight is on.
Cleveland's speech before the Academy
of Medicine Indicates he is not unfitted
for the lecture field.
Extorting $1000 a month from the South
ern Pacific was but one fraud uf the Ex
r. There are others.
Considerate editors on the other side of
the mountains are advising their reeder3
to quit looking at thermometers.
It is not certain on what kind of footing
Senator Wolcott has been received in
England, but he has been well feted.
Demolishing the resorts of the high
binders is good in its way, but there is
little profit in destroying the den and let
ting the woli go free.
The Senate has adopted the bill provid
ing for an international money conference,
and thus the first step lias been taken to
ward a return toward bimetalism.
According to reports from Sacramento
the examination of witnesses in the pay
roll scandal is frequently interrupted by
"roars of laughter." Is it then a comedy
performance?
With a trained statesman for Secretary
of Stale, a soldier for the "War Depart
ment, and a farmer for Agriculture, it is
evident we are going to have an admistra
tion of experts.
Up to date, bills have been introduced \
into the Legislatures of Illinois, lowa,
Michiean, Missouri and Kansas to reduce
railway fares to 2 cent 3 a mile; and there
are more to come.
There are rumors on the street that the
exposure made by the Southern Pacific
Company of the Examiner's extortion is
to be followed by similar exposures from
other corporations.
The Courier-Journal insists "the Indi
anapolis platform is Democracy pure and
undefiled," while all the rest of the country
is under the impression the thing was
dropped in the mud and left there.
When an American millionaire of ma
ture years like Bradley-Martin has noth
ing else to do than to dress himself up like
Louis XV and dance, it is time for him to
go to a water-cure and soak his head.
If the Courier- Journal is correct in its
statement of the rapid growth of the poul
try industry in Kentucky the State will
soon be abie to work up al! its whisky into
egguog and quit selling the raw material.
The bill before the Legislature appro
priating $10 000 for an exhibit for the
Nashville exposition should by al! means
be adopted. California should never fail
to show herself at every display of her sis
ter States.
Inherited money doesn't last a fool
always and if the faker journalist doesn't
soon become known as ''No. 741," accord
ing to the .New York prophecy, lie and his
gang of blackmailers will have to work
for a liTing or tramp.
Since the Russian Government hag de
cided 10 crush out Tolstoi it should apply
to ex-Senator AVanamaker for informa
tion a« to his success in wrestling with
"Kreutzer Sonata.'* When it comes to a
tussle with genius moral Governments
should help each other.
It is noted in New York that Sherry con
tinues to receive the cream of the social
patronage despite the scandal of the Seely
dinner, and some say this is a proof that
New York socieiy despises scandals and
others assert it is because Mr. Sherry hap
pens to be a protege of the Astor3.
When McKinley nets through with the
hard work of making up his Cabinet he
will have a nice easy task picking out men
for foreign embassies. It will be no job
at all to get the man who applies for a
position as Embassador to England to be
aaiistied with a consulship at Shanghai.
A Washington clergyman who was can
didate for the office of chaplain of the
Houseof Representatives and received but
three votes in caucus told a fneud he had
in his pocket letters from thirty members
promising to give him their continuous
support. He is now probably more con
vinced than ever that the average Con
gressman needs a heap of praying for.
The newly elected Senator Mason of
Illinois, in an address to the State Legis
lature, said: "i am in favor of a new in
terpretation of the Monroe doctrine. I
believe we should go farther in the tight
of the new civilizat on and declare that in
ail struggles between a monarch? and a
republic, between liberty and slavery, we
are for liberty." Tliere is certainly a
great deal of jingoism in that, but not
enough to hurt.
CINCH BILLS AND BLACKMAIL.
The time has come in California when decent people should unite for the purpose
of putting an end to cinch bills and blackmail. These foul offenses of legislation and
journalism have been tolerated too long. They have crown from bad to worse until
in alliance they now constitute a menace to invested capital and threaten the welfare
of the State. The time is propitious for attacking them. Both have shown them
selves boldly and if public sentiment can be aroused to combat them now there is a
j reasonable prospect of destroying them altogether.
The extent to whicl legislation and blackmail journalism has been prac
ticed in California can only be guessed at. Even those who think they Know most of
the way affairs have been conducted at Sacramento, and the way in which the San
Francisco Examiner has continued to live despite the drain on the Hearst estate, have
but little conception of the manifold iniquities which have been practiced by corrupt
legislators and vicious journalists. The full degree of their rapacity will never be
made known, but enough has been exposed to well assure the people that such prac
tices have been carried on boldly, defiantly an . impudently.
It is known that the Examiner for a long time drew a subsidy from the Southern
Pacific Company of $1000 a month. That much was made clear by the publication of
the contract under which it drew the subsidy, "and it is hardly necessary for the
Examiner to reiterate the statement and add that it is absolutely true." It is quite
certain, moreover, that this was not the only subsidy the Examiner was drawing from
great corporations. Blackmailers do not confine their extortions to a single victim.
It is likely, if the truth were known, that every corporation of wealth in the City has
been at one time or another compelled to pay tribute to the blackmailers of that
infamous journal in order to save themselves from its lies, slanders and vilifications.
In times past the Examiner conducted its blackmailing schemes with a certain
degree of secrecy. The exposure made by the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
stripped away the mask, however, and it now seeks to seize its prey with impudence,
since hypocrisy is no longer possible. The villainy of its attacks upon the water and
the gas companies is hardly concealed by the pretense of being made in the
interest of the public.
The managers of the paper are, in fact, in desperate straits. The inherited for
tune of Willie Hearst is well nigh expended. Neither the Examiner nor the New
York Journal las ever been on a paying basis. If Mr. Hearst is to continue the
publication of these sheets hs must get money from somewhere. He has never
earned a dollar in his life by legitimate methods, and does not know how to earn it
in t at way. In his despair he has turned his blackmailing highbinders loose to
extort money from whatever corporation they can.
Every man who has any intelligent conception of newspaper business knows that
the Examiner and the Journal have been losing fakes from the start. In New York
Willie Hearst is regarded as "anybody's soft thing." Any kind of a faker or schemer
can work him for a big salary or for "lots of stuff" for a freak. His papers have
ceased to pay any attention to news and are now seeking to gain notoriety by every
kird of trick and scheme which cunning can suggest and vice adopt.
Take the Examiner, for example. Its coupon schemes, lottery fakes, and all its
of her tricKs for obtaining subscribers have cost it more than the new subscriptions
have paid. Its efforts to get advertising by offering a "yard of puppies" for every
advertisement have been equally wasteful. It has attempted to boom its circulation
by offering a large number of copies to every advertiber of importance. In that way
it has run up a fraudulent subscription list by a fake advertising list In neither case,
however, has it made money.
Willie Hearst has been compelled to go every week deeper and deeper into the
estate left by his father. The sums be has thus squandered on fakes, freaks and
frauds amount to millions of doilars, and he is now near the end of his purse. He
has but one resource Jett. His highbinders have been turned loose on San Francisco
and their cry is for boodle and blackmail.
The subsidy once extorted from ihe Southern Pacific Company can be extorted no
loncer. There is reason to believe that subsidies hitherto drawn from other corpora
tions have also been cut off. Rumors go about the town that the exposure made by
Mr. Huntington will soon be followed by exposures of other iniquities. Is it any
wonder that tfie highbinders and blackmailers of the Examiner are desperate? They
have exhausted the fortune left by Senator Hearst. Tney have drawn from his
wasteful ton every dollar that ho can put up. They have drained every interest he
owned in the Anaconda mine. Now they are endeavoring to make an Anaconda of
blackmail.
Men of decency, men of capital invested In legitimate inJustry, men who have
r gard for justice, honesty and fair dealing, should unite in opposing tue schemes of
this depraved and convicted journal. It should no longer be allowed to co-operate
with cinch-bill legislators and Supervisors to extort money which men of business
have earned by honest industry.
HELP FOR INDIA.
The mass-meeting held at the Chamber
of Commerce hall on Tnursday to devise
means for giving assistanc? to the famine
and plague stricken psople of India re
sulted in the appointment of a well
chosen committee to undertake the work.
This committee should receive cordial
assistance from the pc ople generally and
be able speedily to make a report which
will amply manifest that the sympathy of
California for the starving people of that
unfortunate country is not confined to
words merely.
India is a land where the population is
so large that it presses at all points upon
the extreme limits of possible subsist
ence. When a crop fails it means starva
tion to many people of the district unless
outside help is provided. In this case the
d istrict over which the famine prevails is
so large a"nd the Inhabitants so numerous
that the charity of the whole world is re
quired to afford adequate relief to the suf
ferers.
Following the famine has come the
plague. The half-starved people are dy
ing by thousands of disease. Even when
we make the fullest allowances for cx
i agg"rations in the report.? from the
: stricken districts enough will rumain to
j make it certain that India alone is not
| capable of grappling with the evil which
, has befallen her. Help mu3t be sent from
abroad. It should bo sent from every
; land that has Deen blessed by providence.
California is one of those lands. She
should cive help and eive if. promptly.
CECIL RHODES AT BAY.
Unless all signs, like dreams, go by
contraries the comins; investigation by the
British Government into the r-roaeedings
of Cecil Rhodes is going to result in a tine
right or a big backdown. Air. Khode3 has
defiantly challenged the "unctuous recti
tude" of his opponents and they i:ave re
torted with equal vigor. Tne issue be
tween them is now fairly made up and
there is no chance for evasion on either
side.
Interest in the struggle will be almost
a> wide as the civilized world. It is no
ignoble offender who is thus brought to
the bar of British judgment nor are tbe
charges against him of a commonplace or
unimportant nature. Never since the trial
of Warren Hastings has the impeachment
of a single man meant so much to the
British empire as is meant by the threat
ened impeachment of Rhodes.
The present offender, litenis predeces
sor, is a maker of empires. If hi 3 accom
plishments have not been so great or so
splendid as those of Ha* tings it is only be
cause South Africa as yet is not so rich, so
famous or so renowned as India. It is,
nevertheless, a mighty country, which
Cecil Rhodes has dominated and added to
the British crown. Nor does it detract
from his dignity that in expanding the
possessions at Cape Colony he has acted
with such self-reliant independence as to
raise the suspicion that he aims not to
widen the dominions of his sovereign, but
to make in fc-outh Africa another United
States and establish it as a free, separate
and independent republic.
At present the dramatic interest in the
stiuggle is centered in the personality of
I Rhodes. His opponents are as yet an un
known and confused multitude. It will
not be until some champion come 3 forth
to lead them that the public will turn its
attention at all from the single splendid
figure that now stands apparently alone
against a host of foes. It may not be long,
■ however, before the champion of the other
I side appears, and it would not surprise
i the world to find him no less a man than
Joseph Chamberlain.
The famous, South African is to make
his fight under great disadvantage. He
has not now the prestige of brilliant nnd
unbroKen success to -dazzle the eyes ol the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
world he had a short time ago. The
Jameson raid has discredited him in the
eyes of ttiose who worship success as much
as in the minds of those who condemn
lawless aggressions and judge men by the
morality as well as by the result of theii
actions. He has therefore something
more than "unctuous rectitude" to fight
against when he meets his foes in the bat
tle before him, and it will require all his
courage to bear up against the clamor of
indignation that now rages around him.
The outcome of the contest will affect
more than the fortunes of Mr. Rhodes and
any distinguished champion who may
come forth to fight him. The leadership
of the strong man powerfully affects the
minds and hearts of all the ardent, ambi
tious ana aggressive young men ol Cape
Colony. They share his desire to lay the
foundations of a great nation In South
Africa and they look to him as the one
man who has tho intellect, the resources
and the will to do it. Such a man with
such a following and with such opportuni
ties is never beaten until he is dead or
sent to St. Helena. In his fortunes,
therefore, all Africa is concerned, and
through Africa he affects tho world.
RAILWAY STATISTICS.
That the railways of America form a
great part of our industrial system is
known to all, but probably few, except
those who have examined the official
statistics, know how vast a part it
realiy is. According to recent reports
about one-fifth of the total wealth of the
Nation is invested in railways. As assets
of the vast dominions of the United States
they are second in importance only to the
farms, and to those they are almost equal.
The farms represent thirteen thoupaud
million dollars, and the railway valu
ation is twelve thousand millions. The
amount invested in manufactures is only
half what is in railways. The great army
of railway employes count upward of
three-quarters of a million. Before the
reduction enforced by the present hard
times they numbered a hundred thousand
more, and with the return to normal
prosperity they would quickly increase to
a million.
This million of men includes only those
strictly employed by the reads. If an
estimate were made of those who find
remunerative occupation as the result of
railway prosperity in carshops, loco
motive works, blast furnaces, railmills,
not to mention the immense industries
less directly dependent on the roans, the
total count would show how closely inter
woven railway interests are with the gen
era! prosperity of all the people. Railway
companies have been aptly said to be
great distributers, not only of freight and
passengers, but of money.
The statistics of the Interstate Com
merce Commission show that in years of
forced retrenchment the main part of the
reduction of railway expense is taken from
the expenditure* for keeping up the road
bed, structures and equipments. The re
sult of this is pointed out by H. T. New
comb of the United States Agricultural
Department as sure to be great impair
ment of railway service. It is a sort of
false economy, which is only resorted to
when forced upon the roads, and the re
sult of its continuance is inevitable de
struction, r*; :■]. ' '
By the most recent reports of the statist
ics of railways compiled for the United
States Government it is stated that 70 per
cent of all the outstanding -stocK of the
railway corporations paid nothing in 1895.
Nearly one-iiftn of the bonds were also un
profitable. It is estimated that nearly
one-half of the 'railway investments of
this country are unproductive, and $5,000,
-000,000 are known' to be so. The reduction
ol rates from 1890 to 1895 equals a loss of
revenue of over $100,000,000. '
A comparison of our railway rates with*
foreign rates is briefly put in the state
ment of George H. Blanchard in his testi
mony before the Interstate Commerce
Committee of tie United States Senate
that had American railways collected the
lowest of European charges they would
have received $370,000,000 more than they
did.
PERSONAL
W. N. Eohrer of Fresno is in town.
J. Brown of San Bernardino is at the Palace.
F. A, Kenny of Portland arrived here yester
day.
A. McMillea of Knoxvilie, Cal., Is ate the
Lick.
R. A. Booth, an attorney of Grants Pass, ia at
the Grand.
H. A. stansfleld of Nevada City is a recent
arrival here.
Eugene de la Cuesta of Santa Barbara is a
visitor here.
G. W. McElroy of the United States navy Is
at the Palace.
Dr. \V. A. Moore of Benicia was among last
night's arrivals.
John Sommerville of Portland, Or., arrived
here yesterday.
Ben Jones, 'an attorney of Sacramento, is a
late arrival here.
M. H. Peelor, a business man of Orange, is on
a visit to tne City.
William Maguire, a n#ning man of Dutch
Flat, is on a visit here.
C. D. Hozzard, a business man of Minneap
olis, is at the Occidental.
District Attorney Charles E.Lindsay of Santa
Cruz is here on a short visit.
Charles Wilson, a mining man of Denver, Is
a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
H. B. Chamberlain, a prominent business
man of Denver, is in the City.
C. H. Hoyden, a business man of Callohans
Ranch, is here for a few days' stay.
Dr. I. P. Tebbetts of Sacramento Is spend
ing Sunday here. He is at the Grand.
F. P. Mills, a mining man of Coulterville, is
here, accompanied by his wife and children.
G. L Paine of Boston and N. B. Kennon and
E. J. Rogers of New York, business men, are at
the Palace.
C. J. Studman, a wealthy resident of Provi
dence, Rhode Island, is among the arrivals at
the Palace.
Professor W. J. Hussey of the Lick Observ
atory, Mount Hamilton, Is on a visit here and
is at the Lick.
Ex« Governor J. E Rickards of Montana ar
rived here last night. Ho will probably be
here for some weeks.
E. P. Schwab, an extensive timber-owner
and lumber manufacturer of Clear Lake,
Minn., is at theßuss.
R. A. Perkins, a business and mining man
of Charleston, Utah, was among yesterday's
arrivals at the Grand.
J. B. Hull, a teacher of the Institution for
the feeble-minded at Glen Ellen, is a recent ar
rival at the Cosmopolitan.
A. C. Rowland of Portland, who owns min
ing interests at Baker City and over the Oregon
line In Idaho, is at the Russ.
A party consisting of Timothy Mooney of
New Orleans and F. A. Mills, proprietor of a
leading hotel at lUverside, and Mrs. Mills, are
at the Palace.
F. N. Meyers left yesterday for Randsburg to
take the management of a bank which is just
being opened there by prominent San Fran
cisco capitalists.
E. D. Boyle, superintendent of the Alta,
Justice, Brunswick and other mines at Gold
Hill and Virginia City, arrived here yesterday
und is at ttie Kuss.
Charles F. Blandin, an attorney of New York
and president of the Jupiter Consolidated
Deep Blue Gravel Hydraulic Mining Company
ot Calareras County, is registered at the Palace.
Howard Sutherland, fcrmerly editor of the
News Letter, is no longer connected with that
paper. He has been working Vfry hard and
will now take a vacation for a short time,
when he will either return here and resume
newspaper work or go East.
William J. Cotton, who was identified with
the newspaper business here five or six years
ago, but who since then has been engaged in
railroad enterprises witn headquarters at
Phoenix, Ariz, is at the Palace, accompanied
by some friends from Baltimore.
W. S. Kinney, one of the pioneers of Astoria,
Or., who has been identilied in a prominent
way there with many enterprises, and who is
one of the largest canners and handlers of
salmon on the mouth of the Columbia River,
is In the City on a business trip.
PARTNERS.
Love took chambers on our street
Opposite to mine;
On ills door he tacked a neat,
Clearly lettered sign.
Stralgntway grew his custom great,
For his sign read so:
"Hearts united while you wait ;
Step in. Love & Co."
Jluch I wondered who was "Co."
In Love's partnership:
Thought across the street I'd go —
Learn from Love's own lip.
80 I went, ani since that day
Life i.i hard for me.
I was bunkoed ! (By the way,
'•Co " Is Jea omy.)
— iiLLls 1 AitKK.it Hi:imb, in the Century.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
She— lt seems almost impossible that you
should love me.
He— That's what my mother says. How
nicely you and she will get along if you always
agree like that.— Harlem life.
Fuddy— Poor Roglesworth is released from
all his troubles at last.
liuddy— You don't mean to say he is dead!
Fuddy— Ol\ no; he's all right. He has got
so deaf that he can't hear Twiggs' dog stories
any more.— Boston Transcript.
She— And now, Charlie, I suppose to-morrow
you will have to speak to papa about this?
He— Yes. dearest, I suppose I must. (A ter a
pause.) Has your father got a telephone?—
Boston Guardian.
"All great men have been more or lesn In
sane," said the theorizing boarder.
"I suppose theD," said the Cheerful Idiot,
"that Andrew Jackson got the name of Old
Hickory irom being nutty."— lndianapolis
Journal.
"Yes, sir," said the man in cell 711, "time
was when I was admitted to the very best
houses."
"And what brought you here?"
'•They caught me coming out"— Chicago
Journal. .
GARFIELD`S CABINET.
How Senator Kirkwood Came to Be Selected
as a Member of It.
The late Justice Miller of the Supreme Court
once told me, writes Moses P. Handy in the
Chicago Times-Herald, how President Garfield
at the last moment was led to make an impor
tant Cabinet appointment.
Justice Miller recalled the fact that at the
inauguration ball he met President Garneld
in the crush of promenaders and presented to
the President a lady on his arm. The Presi
dent bowed and said a pleasant word to the
lady, nn<l then, tapping the Justice on the
shoulder, said : "By the way. Judge, what do
you th.uK of Gresham for Secretary of the In
terior?"
"He is an Admirable man for that or any
other place. Upright, able and industrious,
ana has had a fine record on the bench."
"And what do you say to Kirkwood for the
same place?"
'Well, Mr. President, that is hardly a fair
question after my irank answer to the other.
Bui when you speak of Kirkwood you touch
me on a weak spot. We have known each
other all our lives, and I love him like a
brother. As the war Governor of lowa he was
second to no war Governor of them all. He
has served the public in many ways and al
ways with credit and distinction. Put him
anywhere and you will not regret it."
Garheld said "thank you" and passed on.
It was then midnight of the 4th of March, and
so late as that the President was undecied as to
the composition oi his Cabinet. The next day
the nominations were sent to the Senate, and
itw«s .wen ihat the decision was in favor of
Kirkwood.
1 happen to know that Wayne MncVeagh's
appointment to ihi? same Cabinet was not de
termined upon until almost as late, and whoa
I predicted it in the presence of ex-Senutor
Dorsey he wanted to bet me $1000 that Mac-
Wagh would not have a portfolio, and that if
any l'ennsylvunian were appointed it would
be Wharton Barker.
HE SAVED THE GRANT BILL
Ex-Coneressrnan James Wilson of lowa, who,
it is believed, will be the next Secretary oi Ag
riculture, was the central figure of a dramatic
scene in the House at the close of tho Forty-
eighth Congress, says
the Wellington Post.
Mr. Wilson's seat had
been contested by a
Mr. Frederick, and
the case had drifted
aiong without de
cißion until the last
day of the session.
Even at tnat late hour
the Democrats were
eudeavorii:g to un
seat him and the Re
publicans were fili
bustering against
such fiction.
iianging in the bal
ance wa> the Ed
munds b.ll to place
Gener.i. Grant, then
upon his deathbed at
Mount McGregor, up
on the retired list,
with the rank and
pay of general of tne
army. Mr. Randall,
then chairman oi the
Appropriations Com
mittee, wanted the
bill passed, but Speaker Carlisle had deciclea
that the elections case was of highest privi
lege ana could not be displaced.
At twenty minutes after 11 o'clock, witnin
forty minutes oi the expiration of the session,
Mr. Wilson mounted a chair and appealed to
his Republican friends to desist from filibus
tering, declaring his willingness to be sacri
ficed rather than have the Grant bill beaten.
Amid a scene of wild enthusiasm the Re
publicans accepted his suggestion. Frederic*
■whs voted into Congress with a iush, Mr. Kan
dall was recoenzed and the Eamunds bill was
passed. It had already been engrossed, and
was carried hastily to President Arthur, who
si-ned it just as the clock was striking 12.
STORY OF AN EDITORIAL PAGE
The gossip about John R. McLean and the
Senatorial succession in Ohio reminnds a
writer for the Washington Capital that the
Cincinnati Enquirer, which is Mr. McLean's
paper, gave up its abe editorial page in a
curious fashion. Twenty-five or thirty years
ago, when Washington McLean was alive and
a great power in Ohio and all the Middle
West, the Enquirer used to print six columns,
at least, of very heavy editorial matter. The
idea was that this sort 01 thing shaped the
destinies of the whole Ohio Valley.
There were six editorial writers in all who
contributed to this daily broadside, and they
were accustomed lo meet about 6 o'clock in
the evening to compare notes and then sepa
rate for business. Now, this story is located
on the evening of the Fourth of July, and it
happened that the six editorial writers, desir
ing to celebrate the occasion, adjourned to a
neighboring barroom to have a drink together.
It chanced that Washington McLean was al
ready there, though he had not Degun to have
anything with himself.
They were all caught, the editor and the edi
torial board together, and the only proper
thing, of course, was for the editorial board to
have one with the editor. That was done, and
the editor went home, as the editorial board
should have done, but did not. Other drinks
were ordered, and finally six editors w.-nt
home, somehow or other. One man recovered
himself sufficiently aftt-r two or three hours to
go to the Enquirer office and begin his edi
torial work.
He wrote the sentence, "Yesterday was the
Fourth of July," and left it, he knew not
where— perhaps on the top of his desk. Then
he went home, and woke in the morning to oe
alarmed for the satety of the whole Enquirer
newspaper. It Came out, however, and It had
a smgie editorial, and the editorial read:
'•Yesterday whs the Fourth of July."
Tne other edi;orial columns were filled with
news, ami the departure, which w*s thought
to be a carotully pianued coup oi journalism
by the brilliant Washington McLean himself,
made such a hit ihat editorial articles were
not thought to be of value in the columns of
the Enquirer for years afterward.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Besides a postmistress, a woman physician
and a woman stage-driver, the town of Lowell,
Me., rejoices in ■ woman Justice of the Peace,
Mrs. Louisa J. Cabel.
Johanna Ambrosius was, a few years ago, a
poor German peasant woman, who had to
work in the fields with her husband in order
to keep soul and body together.
Perhaps as fine an autograph album as ex
ists is the visitors' book at Hawarden, wherein
the names of Gladstone's guests are recorded.
It contains entries as far back as 1860.
The Crown Princess Stephanie, widow of the
Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria, attracted
much attention in Vienna recently by singing
In a church at Saxenburg, a suburb of the
capital.
The German Emperor and Empress have
completed their plans for a long cruise in the
imperial yacht Hohenzollern through the
Mediterranean. They will travel overland to
Italy and embark at one of the Italian ports.
Arthur Roberts, the great comedian, de
clares that to this day upon the first night of
a new piece be is as nervous as a novice, al
most shaking with fear. The second night he
is not much better, but the third he begins to
settle down and to feel comfortable.
At Christmas time Queen Victoria is always
the recipient of various delicacies from for
eign potentates. The Kaiser sends her Maj
esty venison and Strasburg pies: the Czar,
stfirgeon and imperial caviare; the Emperor
of Austria, Tokay and other wines; the Grand
Duke ol Hesse, a wild boar from the forest of
Kranichstem, and so on. But it is known to
very few that every year her Majesty receives,
through an agent in Xew York, a royal
tribute of Canadian apples, together with a
huge barrel of American oysters.
HINDOO BELIEF COMMITTEE.
Collections Will Be Actively Under
taken To-3lurrow.
It was decided yesterday, in the ab
sence of a quorum, to postpone the meet
ing of the Hindoo Relief Committee until
a later date.
Mayor Phelan has, however, authorized
the press to state that collectors will be
sent out to-morrow to canvass the City for
donations and that the committee will
assemble subsequently and decide as to
whether the proceeds shall be invested in
gram ana so forth or forwarded in the
shape "f money. The Columbian Banking
Company will act temporarily as treasur
ers, though collections will be made under
the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce.
The committee also appeals to the City
congregations to take up the work of re
lief in the meantime, and the clergy of
both the Christian and Jewish denomina
tions have been specially requested to
deal with the subject from the pulpit on
Sunday and Saturday respectively.
Union Band of Hope Meeting.
A union meeting of the Bands of Hope of
District 5 will be held to-morrow afternoon at
3 o'ciock in the Epworth M. E. Church, corner
ot Twenty-sixth and Church streets. Mrs. S.
W. Kerrigan, district superintendent of juve
nile work, will preside. The lollowing pro
gramme has been arranged:
Songs and rltuftl service by the children: address
of welcome, Key. K. K. liaker. pastor of the
church: vocal solo, Miss Irene I'h-ipi of Oakland;
recitation, William Lorlng: recitation, Frank Wll
lard: vocal solo. Miss Ida Collins; recitation, Misi
Oerile Anderson; address, "Exam pi-," Miss I. C.
de Veiling, lecturer and grand organizer of ibe
\V. «_'. T. U.; vocal solo. Mis' Annie Co.llns: re( I
tation, Miss Florence Gm ber; address. Mrs. K.
M. North, general superintendent of juvenile
work: vocal duet, the Mi.tscs Bit che and Frances
s-proul; presentation of tbe prize ba'iDer, Key. J.
W. Webb, grand chief templar; reclia'.ion, Dougj
l.<s Barrows; closing song by the bands.
The meeting is free to the public.
The Kml (favorers
The '97 committee for the great Endeavor
convention met last night in Y. M\ C. A. Hall.
A report was received from the Santa Ciara
County C. E. Union that it had appointed a
'97 committee, consisting of ex-State President
; W. G. Alexander of San Jose, 1 Karl S. Binsham,
Lester L. ; Morse, Dr. Beattie and Minnie S.
ilrKa*-, all of Santa Clara.
• The Third Baptist Church on Powell street
reported .that, the: basement was being fitted
up for the entertainment of visitors during the
convention, the auditorium will be decorated
and every night from the tower of the church
will flash a sign composed of incandescent
electric lights of the words, "Welcome, Chris
tian Endeavorers." " . ' ' ■ •
It was decided to maintain a literature table
at the Texas State Convention from May 4 to
7 in Houston, where "California '97" will be
well advertised by papers and circulars.
SEAMEN HELD
BY IRON LAWS
Judge Morrow's Decision
in ihe Aragon Case
Is Reaffirmed.
Sailors May Be Arrested Any
where if They Re! use to
Do as They Agree.
Ex-Judse Ferral, Attorney Hutton
and Otbers Say The Decision
Realfirms Slavery.
Thedecision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case o* sailors of the
private uhip Aragon has created great in
terest and considerable disappointment in
labor circles of San Francisco.
To state the case in plain Eneiish, free
from all legal verbiage, Justice Brown has
decided that if sailors sign a contract to
make a voyaee on a private ship they be
come so far bound to the shipowners that
they are subject to arrest and imprison
ment if they fail to comply with the con
tract.
The Coast Seamen's Union of San Fran
cisco, aided by unions elsewhere, is mak
ing diligent efforts to have the United
States statutes so amended as to exempt
seamen from liability to imprisonment for
failure to comply with their contracts.
While the amendment is almost certain to
become a law, the masses of workingmen
had hoped that the Supreme Court of the
United States would hold that section
4589 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States is repugnant to the spirit of Ameri
can institutions and therefore void.
It is substantially a copy of the old Eng
lish statutes on the subject. The Supreme
Court has decided, howev r, that the law
is good, though Justice Harlan wrote a
vigorous dissenting opinion.
The seamen were taken into custody in
the harbor of San Francisco on the charge
of having refused to obey the orders of the
master of the vessel Aragon, after having
entered on articles to make a voyage to
Valparaiso. They applied to the Federal
District Court !or writs of habeas corpus,
and upon the refusal of their petition ap
pealed to the Supreme Court.
Justice Brown's opinion affirms that
of the District Court and the Supreme
Court refuses to interfere with the case.
On the first point tne court held that the
arrest of the sailors under the circum
stances was "a due exercise of jujiual
uower," and also held that no involun
tary servitude was involved in compelling
seamen to serve lor me time a reed upon.
The term "involuntary," Justice Brown
said, "must attach to the inception of the
service." It would be as culpable that
soldiers should desert on the eve of battle
as tnat seamen should decline to obey
orders issued to them at sea.
Justice Harlan dissented in a vigorous
opinion, basing his division on the
ground that the arrest was in violation of
the thirteenth amendment, in that it was
an attempt to enforce involuntary servi
tude. He declared that it was an attempt
to interfere with the rights of lree men to
compel them to serve on a private vessel
contrary to their wishes. He objected to
any appeal to English precedents in this
case, saying that the two governments
were so entirely different as to render
such reference unavailing. In England,
he said, Parliament is the paramount
authoiity, and that body could wipe out
magna charta in a law of ten line?, while
the power of Congress was limited by the
constitution.
Justicb Harlan dwelt npon the fact that
the Aragou was a private vessel and that
Robertson and his companions were taken
off it to be placed under arrest because
they had asserted their rights a3
free men and refused to work. Thi«,
he did not think, should be re
garded in the lignt of a criminal of
fense and. to his mind, fell clearly within
the prohibition of the thirteenth amend
ment against compelling involuntary ser
vice". There was, he said, a difference be
tween imposing conditions like these on
men like soldiers in the public service and
upon men in private employ, even though
they be sailors. He differed radically
from the court in holding that the action
of Kobctson and the other sailors was
similar to that of a soldier who should de
sert in battle, and said that the effort to
compel them by the aid of the court to
observe the terms of a contract and con
tinue their labor was more like an overseer
standing over a slave to compel the per
formance of menial service.
Again, if such a law could be enforced
in international commerce, why not in in
terstate commerce ? If men could be com
pelled to serve on ocean-goingsteamera,
why not on the river boats of the inte
rior? "Why was it more reasonable to ar
rest a seaman for refusing to labor tnan a
house servant wno made a similar re
fusal? A law providing such a penalty in
the latter event would shock every one,
yet the grounds for it would be as solid as
for the law under which this proceeding
occurred. He thought the law unconstf
' HEW TO-DAY I .'
SALE
STILL
CONTINUES.
■ • 1* i^bW BKS ■
Another week we offer you
great bargains in fine Shoes
at almost your own price.
Infants' Moccasins, sizes 1 to 4 ...... 20c
Infants' Fine Kid, button, with tips,
sizes 2 to 6. 45c
Child's Fine Kid, button, patent-
leather tips, spring heels, sizes 5 to
7^..... 90c
i-izes 8 to 10J^............ ....... $1.00
Ladies' Wine-colored Kid, Fur-lined
Romeos. Reduced from.. to $1.50
Ladies' Satin-Quilted Fur-bound Ro-
meos. Reduced t0.......... $1.00
Ladies' hand-turned sole, fine black
cloth top, lace shoes, latest style '
pointed toe, Louis XV heel $3.85
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full Line of Buckingham
& Hecbt's trine Shoes.
3| SEND FOR CATALOQUE.
tutional, and the arrest of the men con
trary to the spirit of the a>:e.
Attorney . W. H. Hutton, who has cbaree
of the case for the-sailors, was completely
discusted when he heard of the decision.
He said: "This restores slavery and i
makes the harsh old English statutes of v
hundreds 01 years two binding on the %
courts of the United States. If it holds »
in the case or sailors on a private vessel it
ought, by the sarre reasoning, to hold
good for a contract" to build a private
house."
Ex-Judge Robert O. Ferral said: "Jus
tice Harlan is correct, and since he has
been overruled it is time the statutes were
repealed on behu f of humanity. It is
contrary to the spirit of our laws to pun
ish a man because he will not carry out a
contract to work. This Aragon decision
reaffirms the worst features of the old im
pressment laws under which British
seamen were imprisoned everywhere and
forced to go aboard snip. That was one of
the causes that led to the War of 1812. and
it hardly seems possible that a court of
dignity has pronounced this the law to
day." ____________
WATCHED BY FRIENDS.
Jainf s Hair of the Pacific Transfer Com-
pany deceives a Handsome Gift.
James Hair, who for twenty-lour years
past has occupied the position of manager
of the Pacific Transfer Company, has re
signed his office and will Henceforth be
in ihe employ of the Gas Consumers' As
sociation in a responsible position.
Previous to his leaving the office of the
transfer company yesterday afternoon the
employes ol that concern took occasion to
treat him to an agreeable surprise. With
Thomas Carothers, general baggage agent
of the Southern Pacific Company as
spokesman, tney approached his desk and
presented him with a beautiful gold watch
and chain as a token of their esteem.
Mr. Carot hers' speech was a happy
effoit and the recipient of the gift re
sponded in a feeling address.
HIS FUNERAL TO-MORROW
A. H. Loughborough Will Be
Buried From St. Mary's
Cathedral.
Among the Pall-Bearers Are Some cf
the Best-Known Ma in the
City.
The arrangements for the funeral of
Alexander H. Loughborough are as nearly
complete as it is possible to make them,
considering the brief period of time since
his sudden death.
The remains will be removed from hi 3
late residence, at the northwest corner of
Franklin and O'Farrell streets, at 10
o'clock Monday morning to St. Mary's
Cathedral, on Van Ness avenue, where a
requiem High mass will be celebrated by
the Hey. Father John J. Prendergast, as
sisted by other clergymen of the cathe
dral. From there the body will bo borne to
Calvary Cemetery.
The honorary pall-bearer 3 will be: John
Parrott, Adolph Web-r, Judge E. W. Mc-
Kinstry, Louis Parrott, Judge J. V. Cof
fey, Joseph Donohoe, John M. Burnett
and L. S. Peace. All of these were per
sonal friends of Mr. Loughborough dur
ing his lifetime.
The deceased leaves a widow and four
grown-up children to mourn his loss. His
eldest son, A. Z. Loughborougi), is a law
student in his lather's office. George A.,
the younger brother, and their sister
Frances are in this City, while Miss
Josephine is at present iv Nice, France.
Beside these there are his two sisters, one
the widow of me late General Keyes, and
the oiher the wife of Dr. £. L. Keyes, son
of General Keves, now residing in New
York.
It is understood that the dead lawyer
has left a will in which his entire property
is left to his widow for the u-e and benerit
of herself and her chiMren. At least such
were the sentiments frequently expressed
by him during his lifetime.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street.
« ■ •— • — • . .
Icecream and cakes. Guillei's, 905 Larkin. •
» ♦ » —
TowysEfD's California glace fruits, 50c lb
in handsome joker etched boxes. 627. Palace.*
«. — « — »
Special Information daily to manufacture
business houses and public men by the Pros i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery.*
• — ♦ — •
"When you stepped on that gentleman*
foot, Tommy, I hope you apologized?"
"Oh, yes, indeed I did," said Tommie, "and
he gave me 10 cents for being such a good
boy."
"Did he? And what did you do then?"
"Stepped on the other and apologized again,
but it didn't work." — Harper's Hound Table.
It Is a Tact well worth knowing that Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral cures colds and coughs more
speedily than any other remedy.
. — * —
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 cents.
• — ♦ — -
Bdesktt'b Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery. 26c
f • — * — *
Aimer, the Swiss mountain* guide, has just
celebrated his seventieth birthday at Grindel
wald. Ho is the hero of over 200 first ascents,
including the Wetterhorn, the Schreckhorn,
the Elger and the Moench, on the Wengeru
Alp. He is the only man that ever came down
alive from the last peak.
NEW TO-DAT.
Come early and avoid the h
rush. Must close out to make n
room for spring goods. ||
. Cork Sole Shoes at Clearance Sale prices: ||
$3.50 Cork Sole, Lace and Congress. . .$2.45 B
$4.00 Buckingham & Hecht Cork Sole, H
Lsce and Congress, medium square |i
*. toe and tip $3.50 N
$5.00 Buckingham &. Hecht Cork Sole, |,1
Lace and Congress $3.85 ||
$8.00 Hand-Sewed Lace and Congress.ss.oo g
Only a few pairs left of the Boys' Veal l|
Calf Button, sizes 11 too ¥1.13 II
Misses' Fine Kid, button, spring heel, N
sizes 11 to 2. .............$1.20 ||
Kasfs
738-740 Market St. 1
We Do Not Prepay Mall or Ex- a
press Charges on the Above Adver- i
tised Goods. |
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. IMARGARET HUXGERFORD, better
'■ known as "The Duchess," Is dead
-3 Mrs. Hungerford was born in Ireland
in iss9. She was the daughter of the late
Key. Canon Hamilton, rector of St Faugh
nan's Cathedral, in Ros», Cerberry, County
Cork. Tne Hamiltons were an old and dis
tinguished family.
"Ihe Duchess' 1 was married first when quite
a young girl to a gentleman by the name of
Argles. After six years of happily married
life she was left a widow, with three little ones
depending upon her for sustenance.
She had written short stones for her own
amusement in her younger days. But it was
not until she was compelled to support her
self and her family that she adopted novel
writing as a means of livelihood.
Since then, and mat was twenty years ago,
she contributed to the press no less than
two novels a year.
In 1883 "The Duchess" married Henry
Hungeriord, the son ol a wealthy Irish land"
owner, bnt her success es a writer had been so
marked that she still wrote on. At the time of
: or death she had accumulated quite a for
tune and had a reputation wider than that of
: any a betu-r writer.
In her private life "The Duchess" is said to
have been a most charming woman. She was
surrounded by wealth and fr.ends, and she
kept ber beautiful home at St. Brendas, in the
county of Cork, full of guests. As a writer
Mrs. Hungerlord made up in quantity what
Bhe lacked in quality. Her writings are well
known, but their character is hardly to be
commended. They sold well, however. Her
firs: work, "Phyllis," was condemned by the
English critics but eagerly read by the masses.
Her last aovel, "Nor Wife Xor Mala," was
eagerly waited for, in spite of its very ques
tionable tone.
still the novels of "The Duchess" cannot be
wholly condemned. While it must be con
ceded that she took a rather poor standard to
work upon, there are touches of wit, humor
and pathos in her 6tories which go far to re
deem them from utter condemnation. Had
Mrs. Huneeriord been a highly educated
woman, with her natural brightness and in
genuity, she might hold a far higher place in
the world of literature.
SLOANE'S ESTIMATE OF BON A-
PARTE.
LIFE OF NAPOI.EOX BONAPARTE— By Wl!
--liam Milhgan sloane. Volume 11. The Century
Comp.-ny. New Yor». For sale by The Whua-
Ker & Kay i ompauy, San i'ranclsco.
The second volume of Professor Bloane's
great work is even more Interesting than the
Erst. It is largely taken up with the life of
the famous Corsican (luring the time he was
First, Consul, and the author considers the
Consulate as the period of Bonaparte's great
est and most enduring renown. The voiume
opens with the rescue of the Directory during
the summer of 1797, by the aid which Napo
leon sent from Italy in moral support and in
the person of General Augereau. It closes
with the decisive defeat of the Prussians at
the battle of Jena in ISO 6. For every two
leaves of reading matter in the large volume
there Is a handsome full-page illustration,
many of these being in colors and exact fac
similes of valuable paintings in the art gai
>ries of Europe.
The autnor seems to be perfectly impartial
In the treatment of his world interesting sub
ject. Napoleon according to him is no object
for hero worship, and yet in some ways be
gives him credit for greatness in unstinted
measure, and defends him from the bitter at
tacks from prejudiced writers. The character
of the Corsican appears here greatly expanded
from that revealed to us in the first voiume,
and, as though roused by a loftier theme, the
writer's stylo has grown to one of more elo
quence and glow and force. Bonaparate is
still shown to us as a shrewd and unscrupu
lous intriguer, but as Consul and Emperor we
get to see him from points of view suggested by
the author which make us wonder if after all
there may not have been some hidden noble
springs unaer his vast ambition.
As early as 1797, when the helpless Directory
was seeking the aid of Bonaparte while at the
same time they dreaded his power, we ere told
that the adventurer was laying nig plans not
merely to master France but to master Europe.
So little aid the German Emperor comprehend
the man with whom he had to deal that he
offered him a bribe of a principality with
250,000 subjects.
Professor fci.oane gives us a pen portrait of
Bonaparte as he appears in Venice. It was
found among the papers of a royalist, the
Count d'Antragues, and is not flattering. A !
■ part of it runs: "Bonaparte is a man of small j
stature, of sickly hue, with piercing eyes and [
Bomething in his mouth and eyes which is j
cruel, covert and treacherous; speaking little,
but very talkative when his vanity is engaged j
or thwarted; of very j.oor health because of
violent humors in his blood. lie sleeps but '
three hours every night."
>ieakingof his playing the part of one de
voted to the principles of equality befoie the
French people, Sloane says that "his histrionic
talents, like his other gift's, were of the high-
est order."
About Napoleon's Egyptian expedition we '
ate told some interesting tnings. The French
republic had inherited the notion of world
conquest which had occupied both Philip le
Bel and Louis XIV, although in another form.
Bonaparte was full of the same idea. In one
of his conversations lie said that Europe was a
i ..olehill when compared with the 600,000,000
of men in the East. In his youth he had read
,c "Philosophical and Political History of
the Two Indies," and had therein learned to
admire Alexander the Great and to believe
that with a proper population and a firm ad
ministration Alexandria would rise to greater
eminence than London, Paris, Constantinople
or Rome. The opinions thus early formed he
never changed, and he reiterated them even at
Bt. Helena, where he said that but for his re
pulse at Acre he would have founded an
Oriental empire.
At the time of the declaration of the em
pire, Sloane says that Bonnparte had by guile
and prudence in the exercise of consummate
genius as soldier and politician climDed to
the pinnacle of revolutionary power. "Stand
ing ever at the parting of the ways, and
Indifferent to principle, he carefully con-
Bide'ed each path, and finally chose the
one which seemed likeliest to guide his foot
steps toward tho goal of his ambition. Fer
tile in resources, he strove always to conitruct
a double plan, and on the failure of one expe
dient passed easily o to another. His career has
been marked by many blunders, and he has
often been brought to a Btand on tho verge of
some abyss which threatened failure and ruin:
yet, like the driver of a midnight train, he
kept the headlight of caution trimmed and
burning."
Professor Bloane thiuks that the French peo
ple helped Napoleon to climb to power because
they saw in him the incarnation of their own
j atriotism and love of leadership among na
tions, it was because the Bourbons had
failed to represent these qualities that they
Itad despised the Bourbons. He says It is en
tirely possible that Bonaparte beiieved him
self and a dynasty proceeding from his loins
to be the best, if not the only, conservators of
the new France.
STORY OF SELF-SACRIFICE
TUB CAREER OF CANDIDA— By Georjje
fasten. J). Applemn <fc Co.. New York. Taper.
50 cents. For sale by William Doxey, I'alace
Hotel, City.
Candida Is Introduced to us when she is a
little eight-year-old K i r \ t i n the act of rebel-'
liou against saying her prayers, because she
said her prayers were not answered. She had
been praying for a Newfoundland puppy for
ever so long and the puppy had never come.
She is allowed to wear short dresses until she
is 16 years old, and then, when she is put into
skirts, she weeps because sho can't even
jump off a gate. When her father tells
her to choose a profession she elects for first
choice that she will be a veterinary surgeon
and for second choice a cowboy of the prai
ries. Her fatlier tells her ih.-sa professions
are closed to her, and next 6he wants to be an
acrobat Finally, her loving parent com
promises by sending her off to a school
to learn to be a teacher of physical cul
ture. The tomboy develops into a wonder
fully fine woman, and after marrying a man
utterly unworthy of her she gives up her
whole life to nurse him when he has made
himself helpless by dissipation. The book
ends with the. singular sentence, "And her
I heart was satisfied, because she had flung all
I hopes of happiness away."
ZOLA'S NEW NOVEL, "PARIS."
M. Emi'.e Zola, reports the Paris correspond
ent of the Daily Telegraph, is busy at present
on "Paris," which, as is well known, is to be
the third and last of the volumes beginning
with "Lourdes." "The book," says Zola, "will
contain the whole philosophical balance-sheet
of the century; it will even be a synthesis
of the development of thought since the
Great Revolution. The capital of France will
be made in my book the capital of the intel
lectual world. Assuredly I have a respect
for foreign nations. I know what great things
i England, Germany and other countries are
; capable of. I honor the intelligence, the
ability and the enterprise of our neighbors;
but with the natural vanity of a Frenchman,
I regard my own nation as the head of the
world. It will not be a book of descriptions
I and digressions, like ' Rome.' tut will be con
■ cisc in its reproduction of the life and move
! rnent of our capital, and rapid and brief in ac
! tion. I think it will be an exhaustive repro
| duction of Parisian life."
Asked as to the probability of a novel con
taining his experiences in London, M. Zoia
said that he had not sketched out any plan of
such a work yet. He had a vivid recollection,
however, of what he saw in the British
capital, and might in time use his personal
knowledge about it In a work of fiction, the
dramatis persorae being inevitably French. "I
do not know England and the English," said
the novelist, "and could not, therefore, under
take to treat the subject from a psychological
point of view. If I were to do anything in
that way it would be based on what I saw of
London's great waterway, the Thames, which
has been the source of ali wealth, power and
grandeur of the capital of England. Whoever
has not seen the Thames cannot explain the
greatness of London, whose heart and puise
it is."
NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS.
"I must save this." So we say as we read in
our daily paper. It may be a powerful article
on some polit cal question or a new mayonaise
dressing. We cut it out, put it away some
where— when wanted it is usually missing,
says a writer in an English exchange.
With most of us it is a perplexing question
how best to preserve these c.ippings. It re
quires more time and patience than goes to
the average make-up to keep well-arranged
, and systematic scrapbooks. Accumulated pro
' miscuously they are almost useless. An
i acquaintance of mine has solved the problem
most charmingly. During the years of her
long life (she has celebrated her golden wed
ding) sne has made a practice of cutting out
e.nythingof interest to herself and placing it
in that book in her library treating on the
same subject. Her large library has thus be
come doubly interesting and valuable.
These unassuming bits of paper often act as
side lights, illuminating and making clearer
the original thought. As I browsed among her
books I found in a volume of Tennyson a
■ketch of the poet's life, a clipping Irom Punch
on the occasion of his knighthood, a little ex
planatory note on the worde, "bar of Angelo,"
that helped me to read "In Memoriam" more
intelligently. In "O;d Creole Days" was a
sketch of George Cable, another 01 *he French
! quarter of New Orleans and criticisms favor
-1 able and adverse to the writer. "Hymns of
the Church Militant" was tilled with these
fugitive poems, often so beautiful in senti
ment, that are read, admired and forgotten iv
the course of the day. The dictionary and a
book of quotations were receptacles for clip
pings on the origin of words or phrases. Some
times these scraps were pasted around the
margin or attached to the top of the page, but
were usually lying loose in the book. An old
copy of Alagnalls "Question" had in it odd
ities of history.
A book on natural history was greatly in
creased in interest uud in reading matter by
the host of gleanings relative to bird and ani
mal life. Parrot, snate and monkey stories
were there galore, but there was also much
relative to the iess well-known brauches of
the kingdom. Every volume of an "American
Encyclopedia" was bulged out of shapa by its
added wealth of information, the called anno
tations being often fresher and more reliable
than the main article. In taking down a
book from this library there is always the
pleasurable excitement of discovery. One
almost instinctively turns first to the clip
pings. Where much reading is done they
might be in the way, but the books from the
bookcase are not usually the reading of the
I family. Our systematic friend put few scraps
in the books most used, and her friends, ac
customed to her ways, knew where to go in
search of information. "Mother's scraps"
were a whole reference library to her family.
A CURIOUS OLD BIBLE.
James Vincent Sr. of Tabor, lowa, owns the
only copy of the "Bug Bible" in the United
States. So he writes to Librarian Stevenson
of the Alleshany Carnegie Library. There is no
direct offer of sale, but a suggestion that it
should be in some public library.
Mr. Vincent says the Bible was brought to
this country in 1843, and that it is one of only
four copies extant, the remaining three being
in English collections. He says it bears date
of 1549 and has the introduction by Miles
Coverdale. His allusion to the queer transla
tion of a word, which hits given this Bible the
name of "Bug," is correct, and if he states the
date accurately it is a more precious copy
than that generally called the "Bug Bible."
In the fifth verse of the Ninety-first Psalm the
reading Is, "Thou anal: not need to be atraid
for any bugges by night," whereas the author
ized version has "terror" for "bugges"— pos
sibly a word akin with bogie and not an old
English plural for bug.
Then Mr. Vincent alludes to this curious
note of the editor to the third chapter of the
first epistle of St. Peter, where the text al
ludes to the wife, Sara: "And il she be not
obedient and helpful unto him (he) endeavor
eth to beat the tear of God into her head, that
thereby sho may be compelled to learn her
duty and to do it." Such were sixteenth cen
tury ideas of disciplining a wife.
Mr. Stevenson says he has no fund available
for the purchase of rare editions of the Bible
tor if once begun an approach to even a fine
collection would entail a large expenditure
The "Bug Bible" has its much better known
companions, all named from typographical
errors, as the "Vinegar Bible," which calis the
parable of the vineyard that of the ' "vinegar" ;
the "Placemaker's Bible," which contains the
spoils doctrine by making placemakers, and
not peacemakers, bl>.ssed,,and notlea«tx>f all,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
BOOKS AND BOOKMRKERS.
THE LATE MRS. MARGARET HUNGERFORD, " THE DUCHESS."
CLEVER VERSES BY RHYNSTERS IF THE DAY.
LoVe ar\d the World.
Dear, do you sigh that your love may not stay
with you,
Laugh with and play with you,
Weep with and pray with you,
AH his life through T
Think, O my heart, if you never had found
me,
Crept through the cere-clothes the world has
wound round me,
What would you do?
Wide Is the world, and so many would sign for
you,
Long for and cry for yon,
Weep for and die for you,
You being you.
I, only I am the man you could eigh tor,
Live for and suffer for, sorrow and die for,
Twenty lives through.
Think ! Had I missed ypu 1 The world was so
wide for us,
Traps on each side for üb,
Kothlng as guide for us,
tne "Wicked Bible," which leaves "not" out
of the seventh commandment.
In 1877 there was held in South Kensington.
England, the Caxton memorial celebration in
honor of the four hundredth anniversary of
Caxton's printing press. Part of the exhibition
was devoted to Bibles, and therein was a "Bug
Bible" ot 1551. It was known as the Matthews
translation, a pseudonym for John Daniel, and
the text was that of Cuverdale, the first trans
lator of the complete Bible into English from
the "Douche and L,atyn." But the bug error
is also in the Matthews edition of 1549. It was
in these days when the common people dared
not possess a Bible, and William Lyndale was
strangled to death. But what this Caxton ex
hibition solved was what, as a literary mys
tery, hua elicited inquiry for three centuries.
"Where was tho Coverdale translation
printed?" It was settled to be Antwerp, Bel
gium, and, curiously enough, that is where
Mr. Vincent's Bible was printed.
LITERARY NOTES.
E. F. Benson's volume describing life at
Cambridge is to be issued this month by
Messrs. Putnam. Its title Is "The Babe, B. A."
Mrs. Ella Wheeler Wilcox is now writing a
romance in verse. It will be of considerable
length and will be published some time
during 1697.
Two more of Laurence Button's entertain
ing handbooks, "Literary Landmarks of
Rome" aud "Literary Laudmarksof Florence,"
are soon to be Issued, with illustrations, by
toe Harpers.
The Macmillan Company announces that tho
compilation of an "Encyclopedia of American
Horticulture" has been begun under the edi
torial supervision of Professor L. H. Bailey of
the Cornell University.
"The True Life of Captain Bir Richard F.
Burton," by his niece, Georgians M. Stisted, is
likely to prove one of the most striking and
interesting books of the year. It will be pub
lished shortly by D. Appleton & Co.
A writer in the Bookman states, on the
authority of a correspondent in India, that
Rudyard Kipling's stories are fairly popular
in the barrack-rooms in that country, but his
barrack-room ballads and other poems are not
cared for.
Professor Keasboy's long-promised rolume
on "The Nicaragua Canal and the Monroe
Doctrine" will appear soon. It is a compre
hensive political history of the various pro
jects of interoceanic transit across the Ameri
can isthmus.
The new novel by Slenkiewicz, entitled "Quo
Vadis. " is in its sixth edition, though it has
been issued only abor t two months. In many
of the cities of the United States it is said by
the Bookman to be the best-seiling novel now
in the bookstores.
Godey's Magazine for February is especially
strong in the variety of its topics. Its make
up Is also very attractive, the reading matter
being interspersed throughout with illustra
tions, among them several full-page portraits
or types of haudsome women.
Several new volumes of Scottish stories and
idyls are in preparation, a circumstance
which, in conjunction with the fact that over
60,000 copies of "Kate Carnegie," lan Mac
laren's latest work in fiction, have been
already Bold, indicates that as yet there is no
Yet I and you
Found life's great treasure, the last and the
first, love;
Life's little things, time and space, do their
worst, love I
What, after all, can they do?
—Pall Mall Gazette.
The Quest.
Upon my lips there fell, when first the night
Pales in tho highest neaven, seeing day
Far down the fathomless eastern depths
away—
Pales with a fearful joy, a dread delight—
Upon my lips, with wakeful watching white ,
There fell a kiss. One Instant's space it lay
Soft as a rose leaf that the west winds fray.
And then my eyes awoke to dazzled sight.
The warmth, the tender impact and the thrill
Burnt on my lips, and the calm pulse of
Sleep
Awoke and quivered quick in soft surprise.
From that day forward knew I love!
decline in the demand for literatnre of tho
Kailyard school.
The Macmiilan Company have recently pub
lished a translation of "The Recollections of
Alexis de Tocqueville," by Tiexeira de Mattes.
Gladstone is an admirer of De Tocquevllle,
and! writes, "I have always revered him as a
true political sage." Alexis de Tocquevllle's
work on American democracy did much to en
hance the esteem for America among Euro
pean nations.
The total sales of F. Marion Crawford's
novels in the United States haa been upward
of half a million copies. His most popular
book, "Saracenesca," counts up to 110,000.
The order of popularity of his other works is
as follows: "Saint Ilarie," "Don Orsino," "Dr.
Claudius," "Katheriue Lauderdale," "The
Three Fates," "The Ralstons," "Caaa Braccio"
and "Pietro Ghißlerl."
Oh, these ministers' sons, says the Literary
Digest. The Rev. Dr. Crane wrote a book on
"Popular Amusements" in 1869, in which he
warned the world that "novel-reading has be
come one of the great vices of onr age," and
advised his readtxs, irt italics, too, "if you
have but little time for reading" to "spend
none of it on works of fiction." And it is his
own son who has written "The Red Badge of
Courage."
Beginning with the February issue, which
is the initial number of volume XIV, the
Monthly Illustrator Publishing Company an
nounce some important changes in their popu
lar magazine. It will appear in new dress
but under the old title of Home and Country.
The magazine will be enlarged one-third above
its present »ize and new departments will be
added. It will be embellished with the finest
illustrations it is possible to produce.
Among Christmas books which appeared in
Paris may be noted an album containing col
ored reproductions of nearly fifty water-color
drawings by M. Boutet de Monval, illustrating
the life of Joan of Arc. This information will
doubtless be of interest to many of the read
ers of San Francisco, for tne librarian of the
Mechanics' Library says the study of the life
of Joan of Arc is much in vogue here this
winter.
Anthony Hope is just finishing a sequel to
"The Prisoner of Zenda." It is a novel of the
same high, romantic kind as "The Prisoner of
Zenda" itself, bearing the title of "The Con
stable of Zenda," and carries the attractive
personages of the earlier story through a new
series of strange and moving incidents. The
exclusive right of serial publication in Amer
ica has been secured by McClure's Magazine
and the publication of It will begin in that
magazine in the course of a few months.
A new detective story by Anna Katharine
Green, called "That Affair Next Door," is an
nounced for immediate publication by the
Putnams. Tne same house will soon issue a
novel of Washington life by Orace Denio
LitchfieM, called "In the Crucible"; "Hanni
bal," a new volume by W. O'Connor Morris in
the "Heroes of the Nations" series; and a new
life of Robert the Bruce, by Sir Herbert Max
well, dedicated to the Prince of Wales.
"The Early Correspondence of Hans Ton
Bulow," edited by his wile, is the title of a
noteworthy volume which will be published
Immediately by D. Appleton & Co. These Ut
ters contain graphic descriptions of the trials
ol a young musician and much Interesting
gossip about Liszt and Wagner, to whose en
And fctill
By day I search, and nightly vigil keep
For her revealed to me in such strange
wise.
—By the late H. C. Bunmeb in the February
Scnbner's.
Death an Epicurean.
Death loveth not the woeful heart,
Or the soul that's tired of living.
Nay, it's up and away
V'ith the heart thnt's gay
And the life that's worth the giving.
Seldom he stops where his welcome's sure,
Where age and want are sighing.
Nay, it's up and away,
For he scorns to stay
With the wretch who would be dying.
Ah, it's youth and love and a cloudless sky
The epicurean's after.
Nay. it's up and away
When the world's in May
And life is full of laughter.
Jean Wright, in February Lippincott's.
couragement Yon Bulow owed so much In his
youth and early manhood. There are many
revelations of precocious talent in other direc
tions than music, and the biographical details
illustrate a portion of the artist's life of which
little has been known.
Many books have been written of life at sea,
Dut with the exception of one or two notable
stories they are the work of literary men who
however brilliant as writers, have used their
materials at second hand. "On Many Seas,"
recently published by the Macirailan Com
pany, is written by a sailor himself and in its
passage through the press hns been allowed to
lose nothing of its intense and sailor-like vi
tality ; and this quality is the keynote to the
book. The author has written of his life and
exploits, good and evil, as the tale of them de
mand; and he has told it with the dramatic
skill of the born storyteller.
While Harry Furniss, the able English car
toonist, is now on his second visit to this coun
try those who hear him lecture and those
who lack the opportunity will be equally priv
ileged on reading his book, "Flying Visits"
(American Publisners Corporation, New York,
cloth $1), a series of articles, illustrated by
the author, giving in a delightful manner the
humorous impressions received by him during
a travel of 7000 miles in sixteen weeks in the
British Isles. Nearly every page ol his book,
which is both descriptive and instructive, is
provocative of laughter, and the 180 engrav
ings supply excellent illustrations of the text.
An English critic, speaking of William Sloan
Kennedy's new book, "Reminiscences of Walt
Whitman," says: "It is manifest that the in
terest in Walt Whitman is deepening and that
a far different estimate is being placed on the
'good gray poet' by our best writers than that
with which Whitman's own countrymen at
first saluted his strange muse. Perhaps he
has suffered almost as much from some of his
uudUcriminating admirers as from his avowed
enemies. American men of letters forty years
ago, with the exception of Emerson, could see
nothing in the new bard of acmocracy, so that
Whitman was fain to traverse alone his own
grand and rugged way."
George W. Cable, author of "The Grandis
simes," "Old Creole Days," "Dr. Sevler," etc.,
has recently made arrangements whereby he
is to become the editor of Current Literature.
Mr. Cable has been living in NorthamDton,
Mass., for several years and has been absorbed
in the starting and spread of the "home
culture" clubs which have become so widely
known of late. With the exception
of an occasional appearance on the
lecture platform, he has had little
time left to htm lor the relations with the
public at large which have made his name so
familiar to all. Under the arrangements
which he has now made, he will have a por
tion of his time for his imaginative writing,
and will lake more special charge in Current
Literature of a department in which it is his
purpose to chat in a familiar manner with the
readers upon literary, artistic and other
topics of the day. His interest in the home
culture movement will not be lost, though he
will be unable to participate actively in the
management of it.
ALMANACS FOR 1897.
The Daily News almanac and Political
Register— Compiled by George E. Plumbe.
The Chicago Daily News Company. Chicago.
This is a complete political year book. The
election tables in it have been prepared with
great care to show what has been the effect of
the action of the various political parties and
are as full and complete as it has been possi
ble to make them. The statistics bearing on
the financial question are ample. A concise
history of all our financial panics, with their
causes, is also given. The Cuban war and
the Venezuelan dispute are continued from
the almanac of last year.
The Cincinnati Enqctrer almanac— Price
25 cents. Tnis is a record of historic and sta
tistic facts for the office, home and farm. It
contains a record of current events expressed
in a very condensed way. A calendar of gar
dening operations is among Its features, and
statistics of crops, maps and population of
Congressional districts, finances of foreign
nations, statistics of American industries and
much other information.'
The Los Angeles Times' Year-Book— The
Times-Mirror Company, Los Angeles, Califor
nia. Issued quarterly. Price 50 cents per
year. This is a California reference book, an
encyclopedia of information for residents ana
tourists. Besides presenting statistics of a
general nature it furnishes a comprehensive
epitome of facts relating to California. Among
the general features are answers to thousands
of questions that are constantly being pro
pounded.
The Tribune Almanac— The Tribune Asso
ciation, New York. Price 25 cents. For sale
by tbe San Francisco News Company. This is
a political register. It has condensed informa
tion about National party conventions, poli
tical State platiorms, acts and resolutions of
Congress, postal, divorce and ballot-reform
laws, copyright, trademarks, pension statistics
and much else.
The St. Louis Post- Dispatch Almanac— Price
25 cents. This is a cyclopedia of historic,
statistical and political facts, and its special
leature is a weather forecast for every day,
based on the theories and discoveries of the
Jate Professor John H. Tice, by Professor C. H.
Lillingston.
The Brooklyn Daily Eagle Almanac—
Price 25 cents. For sale by the San Francisco
News Company. This is a book of information
about the world in general and especially of
Greater New York and Long Island. It con
tains a number of splendid maps.
The Philadelphfa Press Almanac— Price 25
cents. This, in addition to much general in
formation, contains a complete and detailed
register oi the governments of all the States,
particularly oi Pennsylvania, Delaware, New
Jersey and Maryland.
The Philadelphia Record Almanac — For
sale by the San Francisco News Company.
This contains besides concise general facts a
number of pages about the American turf,
aquatic events, baseball and general sports.
The Public Ledger Almanac— For sale by
the San Francisco News Company. This is a
very small one with much condensed in torma
tion about Philadelphia, printed on nice
smooth paper.
THE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES
Rudyard Kipling, the poet and teller of
tales, is known wherever the Englishlan^uage
Is spoken; but Rudyard Kipling, the artist, is
something hitherto undreamed of. Yet the
second (February) number of the new
literary' magazine, the Month, will have as
a frontispiece an original copyright drawing
by the famous story-teller. It Is said to pro
duce its effect by the broad methods of the
designer of decorative posters. Had Mr. Kip
ling "gone In for" this sort of thing, who
\ knows but tnat Messrs. Beardsley and Bradley
I might have had to look to their laurels?
In Module's Magazine for February H. J.
W. Dam has a particularly interesting article
on "The Making of the Bible." First it de
scribes by what strange and almost miraculous
means narratives of which the original rec
ords have utterly perished survived in fair in
tegrity through centuries of turmoil and con
fusion, and next it describes the finely
wrought, typically modern instrumentalities
and appliances by which those narratives are
to-day published to the world, in all its varied
languages, by tbe million copies through the
Oxford University Press. Pictures of the Uni
versity Press and fac-similes of early texts illus
trate the article.
The most novel tning in Scribner's for
February is the appearance of C. D. Gib
son as the writer of the notes which accom
pany his first series of sketches portraying
"Louden as Seen by C. D. Gibson." As a
writer he sees things with that fresh eye
for what is significant and picturesque in
character that marks his drawings. He in in
tensely interested in the pageant of the "Lon
don Streets," and he tells you why. His
drawings (made during his residence in Lon
don) are studies from real people and suggest
entirely new types. These articles, which
will continue for six months, add a new Gib
son gallery to the Paris and New York types
already famous.
The February number of Current Literature
has in addition to its well-filled ana interest
ing regular departments a signed article by
Hamilton W. Mabie; an appreciation by W. D.
Howells of the verse of the young negro poet,
Paul Laurence Dunbar; a page of selections
from the latter's recently published "Lyrics of
Lowly Life" ; a page of verse, the work of
Johanna Ambrosius, Germany's peasant
poet; a reading from Paul Leicester
Ford's new book, "The True George Washing
ton"; one on the punishment of authors and
books from Alice Morse Earle's "Curious Pun
ishment of Bygone Days"; a story from the
pen of Robert Cameron Rogers; another by
Shan F. Bullock, and a special article on
"Young American Writers of To-day," by Ed
ward S. Van Zile. The illustrations in the
front of the magazine have reference to the
text that follows. An interesting number.
Harper's Magazine for February is a monu
ment of the policy of exalted journalism
which has characterized it in the past, and
which is more and moro becoming the policy
of American magazines everywhere. Articles
on literary research, literary criticism, or ad
vanced thought in art and letters, thoueh by
no means entirely absent, are subordinated to
reports and discussions of tne vital interests
of modern life. Richard Harding Davis
went all the way to Moscow to report the cor
onation of the Czar and Czarina. Charles F.
Lummis presents the first of a series of ar
ticles on the Mexico of to-aay, in preparing
which he spent tnree months beyond the Rio
Grande, and Poultney Bigelow has brought
back from Cape Town a series of articles on
"White Man's Africa," the present number of
which, illustrated by Frederic Remington and
W. H. Drako from photographs taken by the
author, discusses the career of President Steyn
of the Orange Free State.
The cover 01 the February Overland Monthly
will catch the eye among a hundred others.
Mount Shasta, a Siskiyou County gold mine,
and the Overland's famous grizzly ap
pear in green and gold. Thomas
Magee contributes an article of more
than usual interest on "The Kings
River Canyon," comparing it to the Yosemites
of this country and Europe. Dr. J. H. Stallard
continues his powerful series of articles on
"Municipal Reform"; this second installment
will without doubt attract fully as much at
tention from the press as did the first. J. E.
Bennet concludes his historical sketch of the
California missions. All friends of higher edu
cation will be interested in the account of Prof.
Clement of the University of Idaho. Charles
E. Naylor, whose articles on pilotage have
attracted so much attention, contributes a
rather drastic article oa 'The New Ferry De
pot." Part 2of the Siskiyou article is heavily
illustrated, and contains a complete history of
the county. The stories of the number are
Western and the illustrations are up to the
mark.
The complete novel in the February issue of
Lippincott's is "Under the Pacific." by Clar
ence HerDert New. It taues the reader to a
part of the world he probably never heard of
before, where two extremely enterprising
Americans conduct a search for long- lost
treasure under the most unusual circum
stances.
The two " Old Friends " of whom Edith
Brower writes were far apart in age, and
one of them was musical; in fact, music
and friendship are the keynotes of the
tale. "Old Tom of Nantucket," celebrated
by Joseph A. Altsheler, was an old man-o'
war's-man in the hands of Algerine pirates,
on whom he played a judicious and most
Christian trick. M. 8. Baden, in "A Forestry
Idyl," gives a reminiscence of the great Chi
cago Fair.
"South Florida Since the Freeze" is another
of R. G. Robinson's eminently fair-minded and
instructive articles. Albert G. Evans handles
a topic of vital importance to our great West,
"Irrigation." Francis Albert Doughty writes ou
"The Southern Side of the Industrial Ques
tion."
Emily Bally Stone supplies a second amus
ing paper on "Marrying in the Fifteenth Cen
tury." "A Vanished Civilization"— that of the
Jesuits in South America— is described by
Henry Granville.
"The Dignity and Humor of Signs" are dis
cussed by Agnes Carr Sage, and "Gloves" by
Elizabeth Ferguson Seat. Dr. Charles C. Ab
bott has a quaint essay on "Overdoing the
Past"
The poetry of the numbor is by. Jean Wright,
Julian Haw'.horne, Charles G. D. Roberta,
Clarence Urmy and Clinton Scollaid.
The February Issue of St. Nicholas is the
Midwinter Holiday numDer. Frances Courte
nay Baylor, whose story, "Juan aud Juanita,"
was one of St. Nicholas' pronounced successes,
begins a new serial for girls, "Miss Nina
Barrow." George Kennan, in "A Siberian
Scare," tells of his experiences in the wilds of
that country. That he was visited by a verita
ble ghost the superstitious peasant firmly be
lieved, although Mr. Kennan penetrated to
the bottom of the mystery. Julia Taft Bay no
furnishes a paper about "Willie and Tad
Lincoln," who were playmates of her brother.
She tells of their pranks in the White House
and describes what was probably the first and
only minstrel show given in that building.
The programme of the entertainir^nt, rudely
traced in Tad's youthful hand, is reproduced.
Mrs. Bayne also tells of "Mrs. Lincoln's Zou
aves," made up wholly of officer?. As a com
panion article to this is a paper on "The Birth
place of President Lincoin," by George H.
Yenowine. This has illustrations of the scenes
connected with the boyhood of the emancipa
tor. Mr. Yenowine tells a story of the rescue
from death by drowning of Lincoln by one of
his schoolmates, that Mr. Yenowine took down
from the lips of the surviving actor in the in
cident. Charles Thaxter Hill, in "An Alarm
of Fire by Telegraph," describes the won
derful fire-alarm system of New York, and
draws many stirring pictures. A sketch of child
life in the Chinese quarter of San Francisco by
Theodore Wores, the artist, is entitled "Ah
Gau's New Year's Celebration." "The Tale of
the Discontented Weathercock" is the tinal
story in "The City of Stories," by Frank M.
Bicknell. The serials, "Master Skylark,"
"June's Garden," "The Last Three Soldiers"
and "The True Story of Marco Polo" have in
teresting installments. There are many
sketches, poems and jingles in the number,
all fully illustrated.
The Century for February contains three
serials, viz., the conclusion of Marion Craw
ford's novelette, "A Rose of Yesterday"; the
fourth par. of Dr. Weir Mitchell's "Hugh
Wynne," ana tbe continuation of General
Horace Porter's recollections of Grant in the
field. The short stories are "A Man and Some
Others," a tale of the Western plains, by
Stephen Crane, and "Miss Selina's Settle
ment," a itory of New York society, by
Mrs. Burton Harrison. In addition to
these there is a touching narrative by W.
J. Stlllman of the life and death of two pet
squirrels. Mrs. Schuyler Van Rensselaer, who
knows New York by heart, contributes an
illustrated paper on "Places in New York,"
the topics of which range from the slums to
the opera. "The Battle of Copenhagen," by
Captain A. T. Mahan, is the third of
this distinguished writer's studies of
Nelson's victories. Another illustrated
article having a curious interest is a
study of the Siberian swamp. Vendiacd, by
Charles de Kay. The paper is attractively
illustrated by Louis Loeb. "In the Desert
With the Bedouin" is the title of a psper by
R. Tftlbot Kelly, who supplies his own illus
trations. Mr. Kelly's paper is full of anecdote
and incident. A sketch of Samuel Lover,
under the title of "The Author of 'Eory
O'More'," is contriouted by his daughter, Mrs.
Fanny Schmid, mother of Victor Herbert, the
musician. Julian Hawthorne contributes a
second short paper on Jamaica, entitled "A
Iropic Climb," giving graphic descriptions of
tbe island, with illustrations by Gilbert OmL
A symposium in tbe direction of a compara
tive study of the late war is supplied by
Generals S. D. Lee, Joseph Wheeler, E. 1".
Alexander, E. M. Law, D. C. Buell, O. O. How
ard and Jacob D. Cox in consideration of the
topic, "Why the Confederacy Failed." The
poetry of the number is contributed by Wil
liam H. Thompson, Charles Crandall, Alice
WilHams Brotherion. C. G. D. Roberts, Grace
Duffie'd Goodwin, Robert Underwood Johnson
and others.
ft-EW 10-DAT.
WISSY
A TRUE TALE OF
MODERN THEATRICAL
BOHEMIA
' RELATED BY
JAMES PAXTON VOORHEES.
A Story Full of Heart Interest.
NEW BOOK.
THE AMERICAS SEWS COMPANY,
NEW YORK.
AND ALL OTHER DKALEBa
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable, Care all dis-
orders of i ho stomach, Liver, Bowels,
SICK HEADACHE, BIL.IUD NESS, ,
INI>IO STiO>\ TOUPIi> LIVER,
I>IZZY FEELINGS, DYSPEPSIA.
Price £5 cts. per box. bold by all drugging-
2122
FASHION`s DECREES
Thea'er toilette of lavender cloth with pold embroidered brocade bodice. Thla en
tlrely novei design has the upper portion cut in bolero shßre ar.d <=hort enough to display &
wide draped waist band of lavender satin. The puffs on the medieval sleeves are of satin to
match also the pieated ruff Fupponing the Elizabethan frill around the neck. Pleated satin
fills up the square openings at the top of the bodice.
"BS!SyNGLISH society nas now a new fad.
-§■* ;&■ It is the spinning-wheel, and it is
■■—**;" pleasing to note that the fad in this
instance is useful, for its readoption has
not been brought about to. ornament the
household, but to give our lymphatic and
sometimes lazy society women something
that is pleasing to do. The spinning
wheel has been reintroduced by the Prin
cess of Wales, and since that time* the
craze has spread until a fashionable Eng
lish home is not complete without one of
these ancient contrivances.
The Duchess of Fife makes use of her ;
wheel to spin the yarn with which she aft
ward knits her hatband's golf stockings,
and it can safely be said that next season
will see our "upper-ten" bicyclists wearing
homemade hose, which, of course, will be
far superior in quality to the store goods,
even the most expensive kind.
For my part I think the fad an excellent
one, and every one knows a spinning
wheel is a most decorative object.
Embroidered Collars for .New
York Swells.
Our London correspondent writes that a
celebrated London firm has brought out
and introduced the idea and design of em
broidering the collars of gentlemen's
coats for evening wear. These are being
beautifully worked,- and having seen and I
examined some of their specimens I am I
not surprised to find that they have '
proved »o attractive that, as I am given !
to understand, the demand for t ese em- !
broideries is almost greater than the sup- j
ply at present. The idea seems to have
thoroughly "taken," and one great merit
greatly to be appreciated is that it is not
likely to be copied by any but the rich,
owing to the increase of expense due to
the artistic decoration and design. The
turned-back collar is lined and covered
with a rich black corded silk of the best
quality, and on this is traced original and
artistic designs, which are then exqui
sitely embroidered with black silk purse
twist, forming a charming decoration
when finished. As yet no colors are in
troduced. These embroidered collars
should certainly be seen and worn by all
those who wisn to be up to date in dress.
They are a very great improvement on the
usually uninteresting dress coats that
have been worn for so long. A visit to a
swell New York tailor has elicited the fact
that he has received already a number of
orders for these embroidered collars.
.New fiowns That I .Have
Seen.
If you could only have been at my side
when I inspected a number of new gowns
that a friend of mine has just brought
nome from Paris 1 am sure the slight
spark ot envy you possess would have de
veloped into a large- flame. They
were all marvels of beauty. My friend is
noted for her good taste, and under no cir
cumstances will ever wear anything that
is not the very latest style, and having a
purse long enough to gratify her whim —
as the men call it — she has. of course, a
most modern wardrobe. Her recent visit
to the gay French capital was made, with
the express purpose of inspecting and se
curing the latest models, and in this way
she spent two weeks in Paris.
The skirts of these gowns are, Jn nearly
every case, most elaborately trimmed.
This latter style is thr only fault that I
found wit i the toilettes, and this because
they would not show lo advantage the
figure of a small woman. And we must
consider the smail woman in giving the
Blamp of approval to any style that is to
reien, for there are quite a number of
them, myself included.
Dress of Venetian Clotft.
The lirst of the gowns I inspected was of
Venetian cloth, in a new shade of grass
green. It had three bands of chinchilla
by way o! trimming, arranged in deep
Vandyke points, the bands being about a
quarter ol a yard apart and encircling the
skirt in a horizontal direction. The
bodice is not like anything I ever saw be
fore. It has a deep corselet of jeweled
■pa i sementerie on cream satin, small
emeralds repeating the green of the cloth,
surrounded by a mass of tiny brilliants
and silver seqains. Sequins, by the way,
are becoming daily more fashionable.
But to continue witn the gown. Below
the jeweled cortelet there are some quaint
I ittle baques of cloth bordered with chin
chilla, while above there is a cloth bolero,
very trimly cut and edged withchiuchilla.
Around the armholes are gray bands of
■oft gray iur, while epaulettee of plain
cloth and very full are uf a somewhat dif
ferent shade of green. The sleeves fit
quite tightly from the shoulder to the
wrist, a sure warning that the day of the
balloon sleeve is over. The center of the
front of the bodice is finished in the dain
tiest manner imaginable, wi:h a bow ol
white satin at the mroat and a jabot of
fine cream !ace, a second bow of the satin
being placed where the jabot ends. Alto
gether the composition is a masterpiece,
and makes a superb toilette for a woman
with dignified carriage. I suppose that I
should look a "fright" in it, and I must
confess that I found some comfort in the
thought.
1. Princess gown of blue figured mousgeline fle l'lnde over silk. The laca yoke and lower part of sleeves. The ribbon over the shoulden and the sash bow at the back Is pale blue.
2. Embroidered mull gown pale blue ground with printed and embroidered white figures. L».ce yoke and blue tafleta neck and waist band. 3. Challie dresg white ground and lavender
figures trimmed with lace ruffles. Lavender latin ribbon at neck and waist. Large pearl buttons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
Anotner gown is made most effective
bj' the graceful use of astrakhan, the skirt
being of sapphire blue cfoth arranged in a
series of graduat d panels, each edged
with strips of far running from the waist
to the hem. A deep band of dark blue
velvet encircie3 the waist, the upper part
of the bodice being of China silk arranged
in deep lucks running horizontally and
designed to have the appearance of scat
tered cornflower blossoms and green,
leaves on a foundation of the palest tea
rose yellow. Strange to say there is noth
ing but the most perfect h-trmony in these
shades. The dainty bodice is half con
cealed under a double bolero of dark blue
clotb, each zouave being edged with as
trakhan and cut into a sharp point. The
leaves are cut in three leaf-like epau
lettes cut in points like the bolero and
edged with a tiny str>p of fur.
The tailor-made gown of the collection
of nut-brown cloth has a skirt that fits
close.'y to the figure from the waist (o the
knees. It is trimmed just below the knees
with three bands of sable, the fur encir
cling the skirt and the bands being about
six inches apart. Below the bottom row
of fur is placed a full deep flounce of
brown clotb, which sets off a pretty foot
in a most charming manner. The bodice
is made in a tight-fitting shape with
short full basques bordered with sable
and neatly cvi cloth re .'era edged with
sable and turned back to show a waistcoat
of Louis Seize brocade, the floral design
being worked cut in small silver sequins.
This is a model that will suit almost any
kind of figure and it is a particularly
smart-looking model.
Tbere were also two loyoly princess
dresses. Now a princess gown i 3 one of
the most perfect styles of dress if there is
a perfect figure underneath or if a figure
can be mede shapely by judicious pad
ding; but such a garment on a woman
who is naturally angular and thin to my
mind is & perfect abomination. We in
America, I am pleased to say, are awaie
o f all these things, but Dame Fashion al
lows us to dress accordingly as long as we
keep within range of (he leading styles.
The styles of princess robes are being car
ried over into the summer gowns, and for
those who can wear them I cannot rec
ommend anything prettier.
•New Styles in Corsets.
No article of apparel owned by women
should be so carefully studied as the cor
set, for on it depends the style arid fit of
every gown they w.'ar; so let this b3 care
fully notid, that it has of iate undergone a
most decided change, and a very low bust
is now a necessity if one would be in the
least in style. In fact, many of fashion's
leaders are wearing a French corset wnch
is lone below tho waist line, out extends
only about three or four inches above that
iine, allowing the bust to remain in its
natural position, thus imparting beautiful
lines to the figure, unknown during the
days when women even of the most gen
erous proportions insisted upon havinc
their bosoms forced into the most un
natural positions, so that, they protruded
from under their chins and gave them a
simply dreadful stuffed appearance, en
tire.y out of keeping with any and all
ideas of symmetry, and many a case of
cancer may be traced to just such un^
natural and absurd methods. I am not
writing so plainly because I r.ave heard of
such cases; I positively know of more
EXQUISITE 1897 SUMMER GOWNS.
than one. And lam not advocating the
banishment of the corset, as I approve
of it in most cases; but this new model I
hope to see in some of our stores ere long,
as the resu ts to be obtained by wearing
it are productive of so much good
and are largely appreciated by New
York's best-tnrned-out women. Calve is
said to be responsible for the change, and
besides a very low bust, a perfectly
straight line down the front with no curv
ing in at the waist, and an unfettered
springiness over the hips are demanded of
every well-made woman. And now that
the best corsets are to be had in at least
twenty different models tbatinciude a!
mosi every figure, the high and low bust,
the small and large hip, the long and
short waist, etc., I advise you all to first
try and see if you cannot find what you
desire "ready made," and this is the first
time I have ever giv n such counsel, as it
is a well-known fact that no French
woman ever thinks of incasing herself in
a corset not especially mado to order, and
the results are beyond criticism; but the
very worst corset I ever put on was made
to order, cost |16, was of plain coutille and
did not fit at all, even after boing sent
back twice for alterations, and besides
wa< hideously uncomfortable, so I snail
in future not give any more suggestions of
this character; but before purchasing the
ready-raale article be sure to have it tried
on by an experiencsd fitter before having
it sent home, as insensibly your figure
changes and one size larger or smaller
means a greater amount of com
fort in jpany cases; and tills per
formance need not be gone through
with frequently, for all who can afford it
order at least three pairs at once, as con
stant changes from one to another keeps
the fi^ur« in proper shape and goes a long;
way toward preserving the gir.lish curves
and springy outlines of the figure. Al
ways when possible, change your cor
set for the evening when you do your
dress. This used to be a necessity, but
with the lowered bust it will be so no
longer. However, you will be repaid for
your exertion if you do so, as corsets last
much longer when not required to do con
stant service.
Real whalebones and the best contille
mako excellent corsets, which may be had
for $6 on!y. When you can afford it have
your corsets match your silK petticoats, as
they are both pretty and fashionable,
nevertheless it Is a treat mistake to put
all your money into a single pair, for one
of the secrets of keeping your figure young
and elastic is never to allow yourself to
wear a corset after it becomes stretched
and soiled, as a corset is never thoroughly
satisfactory that has been washed or
cleaned, and one writer says in her advice
to society women and girl 3 concerning
corsets: -'Economize elsewhere rather
than limit yourself to two or three a year.
Six corsets, including negligee, bicycle
and evening wear, ought, however, to
carry one very comfortably through a
twelvemonth." Slender women are made
the proper size and shape by little light
weight pads composed of the very finest
or fine hair that comes from Paris direct
already shaped so as to fill in every possi
ble gap or scoop in hip, shoulder-blade or
bust. These are perfectly adjusted inside
the corset.
All plump women are wearing the
most elastic in stays, that fit almost like
the skin, far the day has *:one by when
heavy cloth, steel and bones are employed
10 compress the flesh in one direction,
thus causing it to bulge out in an absurd
manner where il was never intended to
obtrude. Tne weight and thickness of
such a corset adds materially to the size
and tremendously to the discomfort of the
unfortunate wearer. Now instead are
patronized thin, light-weight corsets of
coutilie and whalebone, built nut in all
necessary parts with Kuithel elastic,
woven like stockinet, but as lirni as can
vas. Such stays are low in the bust, long
below the waist line, and when necessary
slit and laced over the Dips, with a band
of elastic silk strapped securely over the
abdomen. Such models hold the body
properly and yet admit of much comfort.
Several new models have lately been
1. Evening gown of black and white striped silk with a floral pattern In white meander
ing dowu each stripe. The bodice has a vest oi roseate silk, lightly draped with lisse, aiudded
with silver sequins, and over each shoulder is a fold of roseate velvet, tied at the top into a
bow.
2. Evening dress ot pale pink net over p«lest pink satin, trimmed with frilli edged with
Valenciennes lace. The bodice Is made of pleated net and trimmed with the frills and iace
again, tied with ribbon. It is soit .-.nd dainty to a degree.
created in golf and bicycle corsets. One
has bands of elastic ribbon under the
arms, a broad band of silk elastic over the
abdomen, and fastens in front by means
of books, over which a lacing passes. An
other is made entirely of bands of elastic
ribbon, fitted in at the hips and bust by
means of gussets and coutille. Such are
very satisfactory for those; who never be
come overheated when riding or golfing,
but those who perspire freely should se
lect the waist from winch the bones may
be removed readily, bo that it can be easily
wasiied.
The little dainty Empire corsets find
many admirers, but these frequently
amount to nothing more tnan a bust sup
porter, but are delightful combinations of
silk, lace and ribbons. Some are only
strips of satin ribbon fitted inio the figure
by means of boned gussets of satin. Others
are of light silk covered with lovely lace,
slightly boned, with a tiny frill over the
bnst gathered in at the top with a ribbon.
All are completed with shoulder straps of
bright ribbon. Evening corsets are indeed
marvels of beauty, and nnmberJess are the
combinations of embroideries, laces, silks,
satins and brocades. Makckua.
For the Men.
Quits remarKable and very ugly are
some of the latest cats, some of thederbys
being high-crowned and square, others
are almost brimless — two absurd extremes.
Very foolishly many fashionable tailors
early in the season laid in a large stock of
satins and brocades, especially white,
adorned with Sowers and butterflies.
These quaint fabrics they have been try
ing to dispose of for waistcoats, telling all
their patrons most impressively that they
are to be the fashion this season. How
ever, all their efforts have been in vain,
for no well-tarned-ont man has been seen
in one of them. Neith9r has the ridiculous
velvet collar been Been on any correct
evening coats.
The straight standing collar is now
most fashionable, and still the club bow is
a 9 much worn as the puff or the four-in
hand. Among the new material for the
puff that having a dark green background
sprayed either with buttercups or golden
rod is best liked. Sometimes the flowers
are in pink instead of yellow, and occa
sionally minute garlands of flowers or
bows of ribbon are shown on appropriate
ly colored silks. Dartc blue and red sur
faces are in ereat vo»ue; when adorned
with minute designs in either white or
black, the smallest of marguerites are ef
fective.
Brown and drab spots are declared to be
smart. White ones are never seen.
Patent-leather walking-boots are always
buttoned and the toe is round, the tooth
pick style having vanished many moons
ago. Boottrees of aluminum have long
been used in England, and now we tinder
stand their many advantages. Among
others, they occupy a very small amount
of room, are very light and extremely
durable. C. C.
PERSONALS.
Dr. and Mrs. E. 8. Breyfogle s&llea from
England for New York on Wednesday, Janu
ary 27.
Dr. and Mn. S. S. Kahn airived in New York
on the 25th met on their return from Europe,
wnere the doctor has been studying for the
past seven mouths. On Saturday next they
leave fox San Fr&nci&co, where their many
friends will be glad to welcome 'hem borne.
Mrs. J. C. Shainwala (nee Barnard) is here
on a short visit to her parents. She will re
main a lew weeks, and is stopping with Mr.
and Mrs. liHrnard xt 1213 Laguna street.
Mies Lillian Fleisit: of S-tnta Crnz i« visiting
Mr. and Mrs. M. 11. Lichtenstein oi 2318 Clay
street.
Mrs. B. Braham Raphael will be pleased to
see her friends on the last Thursday of each
month at her residence, 1532 Pacific avenue,
near Bay station, Alameaa.
Miss Liner Jona« h»s moved from 1022
Geary street to 1310J4 Ellis street
Professor W. T. Ross has returned after an
extended vacation i.i the country.
Mrs. Magnin and daughter have left by the
Sunset limited en route to New York.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lyon have moved to
NEW TO-PAT— DRY GOODS.
CLOAKS I
■ ■;■".- -^ ■ . ■..'.'**■
GREAT REDUCTIONS
BLACK JACKETS, Silk Lined $2.00
BLACK AND NAVY JACKETS. $4.00
TAN AND MIXED CHEVIOT JACKETS. ..... $5.00
GOLF CAPE 5................................ $7.50
TAILOR-HADE JACKETS s sete r t 5 e d y colors $10.00
OUTING suits To L T °!?-.55.00 t $8.00, $10.00, $15.00
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street; and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los .Angeles.
A LAWRENCE SEES
S, t_ Wvirlul MoMo^i ThamortefflcMloniofSMii
s</iZ£x*£>^ UIUII If 11 ®"«£±/>£SSMK|ji Food. *nd Tissue Builder, is reo- ■
f iLr C^^^&t^ 5^ /-fc, onim " d< ' d b - T P h r6lolan» for It.
(. I ■t' '/V>"> i ' IX The only, one by which jagai . ■.'•»•»' Elijb frec * lelmndllul >P r eTenuirrlnfciei
■\i'*y " j^)W| ' you can make a 111] ■ Skj v jMsIW Foods and Tissue Builders is
T>». Kfg» /I _ IWB cmniMdfd b.T physicians for iv
l\ RSs3^S !^^!lfl& pari'T »nd efflcacT. It rimorei
]y The only one by which IAjA frecklesaud tan.preTentiwrinLln
~~ you can make a garment i fSL ~^~ jKm
\V+^^^ ' without tryinz on. '■ \SsZ? ' h»"i'.cbar.!ifdlips.»n>lmaoy nkin
H|» "2«Sv FREE .TESTS*  ■ . g?T .""' ■• .^^^ di.ea-e». Frioe 50 cents. Sold by
"fl— f^S IOQI UnDVrf QT ff at PACIFIC COAST AGENCY. Room 29L
k • fr^ • VN •2«» MARKET ST. Donohoe BuUdinff, U7O Market St!, F.
2303 Van Ness avenue. At home third Mon
day.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Bier, who recently
returned from Europe, are now occupying the
Shilling cottage, southeast corner of Franklin
and Geary. At home first ard last Monday.
i Mrs. Arthur E. Walker, who hus been visa
ing friends In this City, has returned to her
home in Wntsor.ville.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Charles Green and child are
stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
Mrs. J. W. P::iilips, formerly Mrs. Henry
Martin, will ba tit her home, 977 Sixth avenue,
Oakland, on the second atul taird Thursdays.
Mrs. William B. Bour:i ie;t Saturday for the
eastern States on p. prolonged visit.
Judge, and Mrs. F. E. Spe ncer came up from
aanjose last Tuesday and passed several dayi
at the Pa ace Hotel.
Jud(?e VV. B. Gilbert is here from Oregon on a
vistt and is staying at the Occidental HoteL
Ihehome of Mr. and Mrs. Warren Gregory
was brightened ou Jauuary 21 by the advent
of ft son.
Fred \tttes, who has been in Honolulu for
some time, intends returning here on February
Gby the steamer City of Peking. He will re
main her about three week* and then go to
London, as he is expected mere in April.
While in Honolulu Mr. Yates painted portraits
of President Dole. Mrs. William G. Irivln Rev
Dr. Hyde, Judge Hastwell and a dozen others.
Colonei C. F. Crocker and J. a. FiLmore have
returned froTTi a visit to Arizona.
Dr. M. Herzstein wiw leave to-day for
Europv, where he will visit the principal
ciiuici In England, France, Germany and Aus
tria for about three months.
Miss M. t>. Dole returned to Honolulu last
Tuesday on the Oceanic steamship Australia.
Alfred Dunham will soon leave for the East
ami wu be away about six weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. B. D. Murphy of San Jose have
be^n passing the week at the California Hotel.
E A. Bresse has returned from Hew York
and is at the California Hotel.
SAILED AWAY.
The Australia Carries "Well-Known
Passengers to the Islands.
Among those sailing on the steamship Aus
tralia for Honolulu on Tuesday, January 26,
were: Mrs. J. B. Atherton, Herbert Austin,
Walter Austin, Miss S. Beesley, William E.
Black. D. G. Camarinos, Thomas Carter, Frank
R. Clifton, J. L. Daugherty and wife, Miss H.
J. Dickßon, Miss M. S. Dole, C. E. Enkin, Mrs.
Emmeiuth, Mark EzeKiel, Mrs. C. Fairchild,
K. T. French, H. A. Greene, Mrs. E.
F. Green, (. A. Grlneorn Jr., If. H. H&.l,
Edgar Henriqucs, W. M. Hovkins and wlie, J.
Hoover, Mrs. B. L. Hustou. Mrs. J. I). Jenuings,
S. E. Laidiey, Mrs. H. Lamson anl two children,
Dr. I). N. Loose and wife, W. A. Muckay, Fred
Manty, Mrs. E. A. Miller, Mi-is A. I'earre, M.
3. Prator and wile, J. W. Sampliner, Mrs. J.
Seeley, Hugh Sibbald, Mrs. Henry Stockbridge,
Rev. C. B. Sumner, Miss Surauer, O. H. Wal
ker, Mrs. VV. A. Wall, Dr. G. N. Webber and
wiie, J. S. Werrin, W. s. Werrin, C. L. Wight
and wile, Mus Wight, R. L. Wiicox.
EATON'S ATTACHMENT.
Hli Proceeding* Against Horencs
Biythe Hinckley -miHined by
Judge Belcher.
Judge Belcher has handed down a de
cision in the case of John D. Eaton against
Florence Biythe Hinckley in which the
motion for dissolving the attachment
against her property is denied.
Mrs. Hinckley's attorney contended
mat the repayment of $25,000 borrowed
from Eaton was contingent on the suc
cess of Mrs. Hinckley in securing the
property known as the Biythe block, and
that Mrs. Hinckley had not complete
legal possession at tbe time the attach
ment was served because several appeals
were pending in the Supreme Court. Fur
thermore it was urged that the attach
ment was improperly issued because
Eaton had an equitable hen on Mrs.
Hinckley'ri interest in the property.
Jiulse Belcher brushes aside these ob
jections and holds that Eaton is entitled
to maintain this course for the purpose of
getting his money which was iurnisheit
for tho purpose of carrying on the litiga
tion that finally resulted in securing the
Biythe estate property for Mrs. Hincklev.
In Judg ■ Slack's court yesterday the
case was called up and it was agreed that
the trial should begin on the 23d of next
month.
HENDY'S INVALID TRUST.
Judge CofTey Kecognlzes the Demand
of Josephine Green in the Heady
Estate.
In the Joshua Hendy estate yesterday
Judge Coffey declared invalid a provision
of the will which attempted to establish a
trust fund.
In the original draft of the will the tes
tator declared that Josephine Green
should be entitled to $5000 in cash, in addi
tion to other interests in the estate. A
codicil was added directing that the
money should be held in trust by Mrs.
Green for the benefit of her children until
they reached the age of 25 years.
Following the decision of the California
Supreme Court, Judt»e CofTey decided that
tnis attempted trust is invalid and ths
original provision of the will remains in
force.THE DOG THAT SAVED T.WO HOMES FROM THE FLAMES.
THIS DOG PUTS OUT FIRES.
% Cocker Spaniel Wkich Has SaVed TWo
Homes by the Most NoVel J^lethods.
EVEJI E.NTERJS OBJECTION TO MM S.MOKLNG CIGJIRS
Nevertheless, j4e Is J^ot a Fireman's fet — EVery House Dog Should
/\dd His Accomplishment to That of Gatching Burglars.
Money Gannot Buy Jhis JWe Ganirve.
W!ILHE only doz in this country that
t-l" o makes a practice of putting out fires
t?*rC7 it owned by H. 11. Buros of Tra
verse City, Mich.
The animal is a pretty cocker spaniel,
Baby by name, and not only does be put
out fires, but he goes about it with a dis
play of intelligence which many a human
being mi^ht envy or use with advantage.
Money cannot buy this J it tie dog from
his owner. On two occasions he did the
■work of a paid fire department, saving his
master's home from the results of a disas
trous blaze, and on another occasion he
did a like service for a neigh Dor whose
house took fire while the family was in
another part of the house. Only for
the prompt action of the dog the house
would have burnt down.
The one particular trick, how-ever, which
has made Baby the pride and admiration
of the entire city of Traverse is the man
ii - '.:i which he puts out fires. Fire in
L::\- -hape is something which he does not
I jvc, and even as a puppy he showed
rae most pronounced dislike for it. The
lighting of a match anywhere near him
wa3 a sure signal for a series of growlsand
vigorous attempts on his part to reach the
offending flame and putting it out by hit
ting it with his paw.
This peculiar trait was encouraged in
the dog, and he soon became to feel that
it was his duty to put out every fire he
saw. However, he seemed to know, in
tuitively, that a fire in a stove or grate
>as not to be interfered with.
Recently Mr. Burns and his family had
occasion to go away from home for a short
time, leaving Baby in charge of the house.
He had often acted in the capacity of
housekeeper before and everybody felt
perfectly safe in leaving him on the watch.
Just what happened during the family's
absence is not known, but a passing neigh
bor saw smoke coming out of an upper
window of the house and heard furious
bark.ng from the inside.
Forcing an entrance the neighbor found
the house filled with smoke and Baby
rolling about on tne floor in the act of ex
tinguishing the last flame of what had
evidently been a good-sized blaze.
There was a big hole burnt in the car
pet where a coal had evidently snapped
out of the grate and started the fire, and a
goodly portion of Baby's long silken hair
was singed. The dog, however, did not
appear to mind that, for, when the last
bit of flame was extinguished, he jumped
up and showed eVTy evidence of being
well satisfied with himself and his work.
Baby's other experience as a local fire
department was in the house of a neigh
bor whom Mrs. Burns waa visiting. The
dog was with her and, for a few moments,
was left alone in a room in which there
wps an open grate fire.
attention of the occupants was at
'Wi Ito the room in which the dog had
neeh left by bearing him growling and
knocking the furniture about. On enter
iner the room Baby was found with a
small rug in his mouth drawine it bade
and forth over a small portion of the car
pet which had been set on fire probably by
a live coal.
For these two acts of unusual intelli
gence Baby is the pride ol everybody in
Traverse and should anything unfortunate
happen to him the entire community
would feel it was a personal loss.
On another occasion Baoy put out a
small blaze in an entirely different man
ner. A gentleman was sitting in a store
near the dog'a home ho:ding a lighted
cigar in his hand. Baby went into the
store, and, catching sight of the lighted
cigar, ne stole quietly up behind the gen
tleman, and with a quick stroke of his
paw sent the cigar flying across the room,
where he proceeded to extinguish it by
repeatedly striking it With his paw.
In appearance Baby is an unusually
handsome doe;. He has long, silky, black
hair, and eye* that sparkle with intelli
gence until he looks as if he could speak if
he only would.
from the very first day that Baby— then
a nuffy ball of wavy black hair— became a
menuer of the Burns household he
showed evidence of unnsual intelligence
fcij^ ability to learn. As he grew older
si*' tricks as sitting ni« and begging for
svwtt -;a, playing aead, sneezing and bring
ing his master's Bliopers seemed a part of
his natural instinct; but in addition to
these ordinary tricks Baby acquired of hi»
own accord a number of tricks in which
he seemed to take delight, especially
when he got an opportunity of showing
them to an admiring crowd.
For some unknown reason Baby has an
inherent dislike of a lawn sprinkler, and
whenever the hose is attached and the
water turned over his master's lawn the
dog invariably starts a most terrific dis
turbance, and will attack the innocent
■hose in a most energetic manner, evi
dently laboring under the impression that
biting and shaking the hose will stop the
! flow of water.
Just why he has this firm and deep
rooted dislike for an unoffending iawn
sprinkler no one has ever been abie to dis
cover, but it is something which he evi
dently cannot overcome.
His various and exciting experiences
have not cowed him in the least, and he
iust as ready as over to light another fire
or hose, and it has recently been suggested
that he be made an honorary member of
the Traverse Fire Department.
Where J-lonors Gome j"ligh.
Our Embassador to London receives the
largest salary paid to American Embassa
dors—sl7,soo—the same amount only being
paid to the Embassadors to France, Ger
many, Russia and Mexico, says the Phila
delphia Ledger. Sir Julian Pauncefote,
the representative of the British Govern
ment in Washington, which is considered
a smaller diplomatic post, of course, than
that at Paris, Berlin cr St. Petersburg,
and, of course, carries smaller emolu-
I ments and perquisites, receives $32,000 and
the house and grounds, which are owned
by the British Government. Besides this
there are other perquisites allowed for
horses and servants, all of the latter being
Englishmen, and most of them having
lived in Washington through the adminis
trations o f several Ministers and Embassa
dors. The American Em bassador lives in a
house which he rents furnished. This has
a disadvantage in the face that for social
purposes every four years m akes a change
in the American Embassy and suggests, per
j haps, to the average Englishman the idea
I that the American Embassy is not a per
manent institution. However this may
be, the American Embassador does not
dare to purchase a house for the use of an
embassy and residence combi ned, for fear
—a contingency most Jikely— that hi 3 suc
cessor would not be wiilin g, or could not
afford, even if he wished, to take it off hia
hands at the end of tne administration.
Congress, however, is not sensitive to ap
pearances. The Jeffersonian simplicity
which characterizes its deliberations is
felt in this way throughout the wcrla.
In France the situation is the same.
Several men, because of the lack of for-
I tunes of their own, have declined the
honor of serving as Etnbassadors to Paris,
because they knew that if they did they
would return at the expiration of their
terms bankrupt. In London the difficul
ties are pernaps greater than in Paris. If
the American Embaasador has a large
family and the women go out into society,
each recsption 19 most expensive to the
Embassador. If the Queen holds a draw
ing-room, or the Brinca of Wales a
leveo, all of the members of the
diplomatic corps are invited and are
supposed to be present. So great is the
necessity for preserving the entente
cordiale that all of our representatives to
foreign countries are instructed by the
Secretary of State, as far as may be con
sistent with their other duties and their
time, to use all tact and discretion in pre
serving personal friendly relations with
officers of the Government. Therefore, it
is a rare occasion when certain represen
tatives of the American United States
Embassy do not appear at these drawing
rooms or levee 3. If the Erabassafior has
a laree family and several daughters to be
presented at court, the gowns necessary
for the occasion, which all must be of a
prescribed fashion, with a long train and
veil, cost in themselves a small fortune.
In addition to this the wife of the Em
bassador is supposed not to appear twice
at a drawing-room in the same court
gown. Then there are little dinners and
big dinners, small receptions and crushes
to be given, in the thoueht of the pay
ment for which ihere should be no m iserlj
scruples, such as cannot but be fostered
by the policy of this Government. And
not only is the Em bassador and his fam
ily affected by the necessities of the situ
ation, but all of the attaches and their
families, if they have them, suffer as well.
As a matter of fact only men of means can
for a moment consider the offer of a diplo
matic post at any of the creat European
capitals. Some of them are taken by men
of means with social aspiration?, and, at
men of means are not necessarily raen
versed in the intricacies of international
law or always diplomats in the European
sense of the term, the policy cannot be
considered a wise oue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
A BIG MOUNTAIN
Springs at Engineer EdWard G. DepeWof the Qreat Northern While
Crossing a High Jrestle and JMakes Battle in jMid Air.
O.NE OF TJiE MOST TJiRILLLNG EPISODES EVER EXPERIENCED OH TJIE RJIIL.
Jhe Fierce Beast Leaped at the Engine and Js'arrov^ly Escaped Grashing Through the Gab WindoW.
Jhe Horrifying Scene ViVidlvj Described by the BraVe JYlan Who passed
Jhrough the Jerrible Night Ordeal.
«F* O BATTLE with a huge mountain
■&|£^ lion seven feet in length and 253
(jJLf^ pounds in weight on a trestle at
night is the thrilling experience that has
jutt befallen Edward C. Depew. an engi
neer on the Great Northern Railroad-. It
all occurred near Loewell, Wash.
The fierce beast leaped at the engine
and narrowly escaped crashing thronch
the window of the cab. Altogether the
episode was one of the most exciting that
a railroad man has ever experienced.
A Gall correspondent, acting on in
structions, finally prevailed upon Engineer
Deuew to write an account of hid adven
ture, believing that additional interest
would be lent by the fact of the story com
ing from his own pen.
Mr. Depew's statement is as follows:
"I was the engineer in charge of engine
219 of the Great Northern, which was at
tacked by a monster cougar or mountain
lion. You can have little idea of tho hor
ror of the experience. The glistening of
the beast's eyes, as it lay crouched on the
rails all prepared to make its powerful
spring, was awful to behold. 1 irankly
confess that I was so frightened that my
hair seemed to stand on end. 1 would
have shouted, I am sure, if I had not been
too terrified to do so.
"At the time of the adventure I was pull
ing the overland passenger train eoing
East, and as we were a few minutes late
we were trying to make up a little time.
After we had Jeft Lowell and almost two
miles east of there, about half way across
a long trestle, my fireman, George Law
rence, jumped down off his box seat and
came quickly to my side of the engine. I
noticed a startled look on' bis face, and
turned quickly, asking what was the mat
ter. The intensity of the situation can
be understood only by a man who has
traveled on an engine dashing at a high
rate of speed through the darkness, with
only con fidence to keep his mind at ease.
I knew that something was wrong, and it
seems as if in that one short minute a
million thoughts flashed through my
mind. Again 1 asked Lawrence what was
tbe matter, but he did not speak. His
eyes seemed fixed. All he could do was
to glare through the window of the cab
and point ahead.
"A cold perspiration broke out on my
brow. I looked ahead and saw, through
the darkness, some black looking object
on the track. My first thought was ol"
some obstruction on the track. Fora sec
ond the thought of jumping flashed
through >my mind, but I banished it.
"This takes quite a while to tell, but it
couid only have been a few seconds at the
most in which it all happened.
"As soon as I saw the obstruction on
the track, I felt that a possible accident
was nt hand. Nothing could be done.
We were too close to tbe danger, and the
fright had the same effect on me that it
had on Lawrence. It took away my power
of speech. Instinctively I crawled out of
the cab on to the side of the engine.
"The train dashed on, and an instant
after I had discerned the form I saw the
monster's eyes flashing through the dark
CAUGHT ON THE TRESTLE, THE LION HURLED HIMSELF AT THE ON-COMING ENGINE.
ness, green and yellow by turns. Law
rence was still in the cab, speechless, with
fixed eyes, and finger outstretched toward
the' animal. His expression was frichtful
to look upon. Tlie whole scene was so
horrifying that it was photographed on
my brain so clearly as to make me able to
describe every detail that occurred ia
those few short seconds.
"As the train approached the lion I
could see it prepare to spring, and finally
when the leap was made the situation waa
so dramatic as to be almost theatrical in
effect. The headlight of the engine threw
its rays on the crouching animal, and
when ii plunged into the liooa of light it
looked as if its mission of death would
surely be successful.
"The force of the jump was astonishing,
and as the body ox the beast crashed into
the edge of the engine-front the sound
echoed through the silence a?ain and
again. To jump then was certain death,
for we were ritrht in the center of the tres
tle, and yet, as the lion made its leap, I
could almost feel its hot breath on my
throat.
"When the engine crashed into the beast,
or it crashed into the engine, whichever
way you wish to put it, the lion fell back
on to the trestle, writhing as if in frignt
ful agony, and then for the first time 1
realized that the danger was over.
"I learned afterward that the cougar,
after we struck it, lodged in the cross-ties
of the trestle. It was found there by the
train crew of engine 498, who picked it up
and brought it to Skykomish. There it
was skinned. The claws were taken by
some of the other liremen and engineers,
who had watch charms made of them,
which are very attractive and look some
what like the emklenis worn by Knights
Tempiar.
"The beast was still alive when the men
of No. 498 discovered it, but its hind legs
were cut off, and when the men got down
to investigate they kept at a safe distance
until it. was known to be dead. In fact.
Foreman John C. Wright would not go
near it until he nad emptied a couple of
chambers of his revolver into it. Then
they fastened it to the cowcatcher and
took it to Skykomish.
"This is the whole story, and I can as
sure you I do not want to pass through
another sucli experience."
Engineer Depew it a tine specimen of
manhood, and his statement that he felt
frightened is not looked upon in Lowell,
where he is known, as an expression of
cowardice. Depew is 5 feet 6 inches in
height, weighing 140 pounds, and is well
known as the champion of the oppressed
or weaker side in any dispute that calls
for his action. His record as an engineer
has On many occasions shown' him to be
a more than ordinarily brave man.
y\r\ Imperial Jkctor.
An entertaining article in the London
Spectator is a review of the book entitled
"Napoleon's Opera-glass: an Historic
Study." In the cour=-^ of the article the
reviewer says of Napoleon: "All his great
public appearances were carefully studied
and whether he was crowning himself in
Notre Dame, visiting the camp-lires of his
army, presenting eagles to his regiments
or receiving his Ministers, he took the ut
most trouble to impress I) is audiences by
means of the actor's artifices. His glances,
his gestures, his frowns and his smiles
were all calculated.
Nor was Jbia acting confined to popular
occasions. He would, if need be, act to a
house of three or four diplomatist 3, or to
a single king or statesman, as readily as
to a crowd. He made Jittle or no secret of
the practice. For example, after an appa
rent outburst of rage he turned round to
one of his people, one of those whom it
was not necessary to impress, and who
was in the position of a dresser or scene
shifter, and explained that his fury was
not real, and that, in fact, it never reached
beyond nis neck — never got to his brain.
Perhaps, however, the best example of his
admissions in this respect is to be found
in his interview with the Pope at Fon
tainebleau:
'Napoleon met an obstinate opponent
to some of his pretensions in Pope Pius
Vil. The Emperor, accordingly, had the
Pontiff brought from Rome to Fontaine
bleau, and in the chateau at that place oc
cured the interview vivified by the poetic
art of AlJred de Vigny. We are told that
during that historic meeting Napoleon
raged and stormed as he paced the polished
floor, while Pius VII sat in a large, eagie
studded chair, attentive and calm. Na
poJeon made promises, threats and boasts.
Pius VII simply answered with one word,
'Commedianto!' Napoleon overheard the
word and was furious. 'Comedian! I, a
comedian !' l^g exclaimed. 'Ah, I will give
you comedies such as will make you all
cry like women and children! Comedian!
Ah, you are mistaken if you think to get
the better of me by insolent coolness! My
theater is the world ! The part I play is that
of manager and author. As comedians
I engage all ot you — popes, kings, peoples !
The thread by whic i I move you is —
fear! Comedian! Ah, it would take a
better man than you are to dare to ap
plaud or to hiss me!' Pius VII moved
uneasily in the chair for a moment, and
then he checked the soldier's torrent of
language with another word — 'Tragedi
ante!' Napoleon sobered in an 1 instant
aiwi continued in more subdued tones:
''Tis very true. Tragedian or comedian !
All is actinc — all has been costumed wi:h
me for a long time, and will be so for
ever! What fatigue! What littleness!
bitting, always sitting, in full face fot this
party, in profile for that, according to
their notions. * * * You see I am
open-hearted with you. I have plans for
the lives of forty emperors. I form one
evary morning and anotner every night.
Life is too short to stand still.' "
An Austrian- inventor lias lately patent
ed a cheap and simple means of making
paper and cardboard from wood pulp. It
is absolutely impervious to moisture, is
extremely tough and has the appearance
of leather.
ENGINEER LITTLE AND HIS TRAVELING CAT.
TRAVELING MILLION MILES
Tke Pet Gat of the Steamer /\lameda Has
/llready Cohered 675,000 of Them by Sea.
TOJW WILL. SET JI COLLAR, OF (SOLD JIT TJiE FLNI&H
polling Up JYliles at the JVeservt JYlomer.t — JKe First Feline to Make
a Long-Distanca Record, and He Will Qet There
Barring Death or ShipWreck
MpERE is a cat that is striving to
f"""l:2 make a unique record. To cover
Ij^flj^ one million miles is the goal of its
ambition and that of its owner. Chief
Engineer A. D. Little of the steamer Ala
meda of the Oceanic line.
It is the most widely traveled cat in the
world. Up to the present time Tom has
covered a distance of 675,000 miles during
his wanderings, and both he and his mas
ter are living in the hope that he will be
able to reach the million mark. Inci
dentally, Tom has had many strange ex
periences. He has been battered about
and laid on the sick list more than once,
but never has this prevented him from
continuing hi 3 travels.
Tom has done most of his journeyings
on the Alameda, on board which Mr.
Little has sailed as chief engineer for over
thirteen years. The Alameda plies be
tween San Francisco, Hawaii, New
Zealand and Australia, and at every port
where the vessel touches Tom is as weli
known as the oldest salt in the service.
There are dozens of persons interested in
him, an<l many of them keep a record of
t the miles he travels, adding to the score
Whenever tho famous old feline reaches
port. On the water front at San Fran
cisco Tom is as well known— in fact,
better than the oldest policeman "*6n the
beat, and surely twice as well Jiked, and
at Honolulu, Apia, Auckland and Sydney
he is the lust favorite with all who fre
quent the docks. There will certainly be
general lamentation if Tom is not spared
to make his record of a million miles, but
the chances are that he will, for at present
the old cat is as healthy as he ever was.
It was not until Tom had been at sea
for ten years that Mr. Little began to
figure up the number of miles he bad cov
ered, but since that time he has kept a
careful record, and at the close of the last
voyage, when it was discovered that Tom
had covered a distance of 675,000 miles,
there wa3 general feasting among the
crew. At present the feline globe-trotter
is forging his way over the ocean, adding
more miles to his record, and, when he
left San Francisco, he looked as strong as
if he were in his prime, and so the race
between time and death goes on, with
time having the best of it up to now.
Tom originally belonged to the crew ,ci
the bark Alden Besse. He was then quite
a kitten. : This was about thirteen years
ago. One day he crawled up the gangway
of the Alameda and started to run round
the deck aa if he were anxious to start a
record for traveling. Several of the sail
ors tried to catch him, but Tom would not
be caught. He secreted himself in vari
ous parts of the ship until she went to sea,
and from that day to this he has been on
board the Alameda.
As he graw older Tom began to settle
down to business, and it was not long be
fore the upper part of the ship and the
'tween decks were perfectly clear of rats.
It was this quality that brought him so
much good luck and also a great deal of
comfort
From the moment that Tom boarded
the Alameda ho kept to himself. No
amount of coaxing could make him
friendly. He would not allow Any one to
pick him up, and if any of the sailor
tried to stroke, him he would dash off and
disappear for a couple of days. Then he
would renew his crusade on the rats.
This was the- case on the first voyag. hat
Tom took. One day he was hunting the
vermin and happened to chase a monster
rat into the galley. In his anxiety to
catch his foe Tom jumped on to the stove.
His feet were badly burned, and with a
howl of pain ha rushed out of the galley
and stovred himself away in the 'tween
docks. Engineer Little, who has always
been very fond of Tom, started for him,
groping among the cargo for several
hours, at last finding him writhing in
pain between two barrels. Little picked
up the cat and took him to his room,
dressing his feet with vaseline every day
until they were cured, and from that time
Tom has been friendly to the chief en
gineer. There are now three cats on
board the Alameda, but of course they
are not such old voyagers as Tom and he
seems to know it, lor under no circum
stances will ho allow one of the "green
hands" to walk on the t>oop. Perhaps
when they too have traveled 675,000 miles
things will be different, but now Tom is
very strong. Thirteen years of good food
and sea air have told their tale making
him one of the healthiest feline specimens
that ever went to sea.
Of late years Tom has acted as sentinel
at the door of Engineer Little's state
room, but there is something paradoxical
about his methods. He will kill every rat
that dares to make an appearance, but if
he ends the life of one anywhere else on
the ship the first thing he does is to de
posit the carcass at Mr. Little's door.
Bur tjhis wonderful traveling cat is saga
cious in other ways. He knows the sound
of a flying-fish, and never one falls on the
deck that dbes not Ihul its way to the
chief engineer's door. Flying-fash are
considered quite a delicacy at sea, but
Tom is always rewarded for his faithful
ness by being allowed to eat his captive.
The only annoying part about this pecu
liarity of Tom's is that he will often
crawl on to Mr. Little's bed and awaken
him if he has a victim's body to display.
But his master never chides him for this,
and so the old cat remains happy, at
least in this regard.
Tom has never missed a sailing day. He
is too anxious to travel. In his youuger
days he used to go ashore a great deal and
sometimes he stayed away for a day or
two at a time, but he always showed up at
muster on sailing day. Mr. Little has al
ways been at a lo3s to know how the cat
seemed to realize that the ship was about
to sail, but the fact remains that he did
so, and does so still.
At present Tom is traveling with one
ear and a half. This condition was
brought about by an encounter with a cat
in Sydney in which although Tom came
out ahead he did not do so without receiv
ing several reminders of the affray.
When Tom had finished his 6C0.000
miles of travel, his American admirers in
San Francisco presented him with a silver
collar marked with the inscription "Old
Tom, Steamship Alameda. Presented by
his American Admirers July 4, 1896."
There was considerable fun at the presen
tation. A delegation waited on Mr. Lit
tle and explained to him their mission.
Tom was escorted to the ship's saloon and
seated on a table by his master's side.
Many of the ship's company were present,
and when the speech-making began they
were all as interested as if they were listen
ing to an/oration over the body of some
fallen hero. Tom's history wus rehearsed
and due tribute paid to his superiority aa
a traveler.
Then the collar was presented. Mr.
Little in replying explained how honored
Tom felt at the distinction, and expressed
the hope that they would all meet again
after he had finished his million miles, for
which sentiment there were loud cheers.
Then the chief engineer explained that if
it was not for the fact that all present
were known to De true friends of Tom, he
would feel, to some extent, that an insult
had been offered in the gift, inasmuch as
Tom was well known to be a gold cat.
However, he continued, Tom would wear
his silver collar on all state occasions,
though it Ujust not be expectea that ho
would change his poiitical views. After
the ceremony was over a light luncheon
was served, in which Tom joined, and
after his health had been drunk sevejal
times, the party disbanded. But it was a
proud day for Engineer Little, who thinks
as much of his pet as he docs of anything
in the world.
Tom's friends in Sydney have asked the
privilege of presenting, him wich a gold
collar when he has finished his million
miles, and it la expected that theie will bo
great rejoicing when the event comes off.
A JYivjstery of Arithmetic.
It was interesting to read about the
gentleman who, at a Sunday-school meet
ing last Sunday, told the children that in
the thirty-three years during which he
had abstained from tobacco, he had saved
by the means $8882 61. It would also be
interesting to know whether any bright
boy in the room asked him if lie bad all
that money in the bant. Itisone of the
curious things about economies of that
sort that they never seem to make any
difference with one's budget at the end of
the year. Theoretic-ally, arithmetically,
they must, of course, but practically they
don't. What lots of thrifty, saving, get
aliead fellows there are who smoke, and
what lots of total abstainers from tobacco*
who can't lay up a cent to save their lives!
It realiy seem 3 cs if the matter of saving
money were presided over by nnseen imps,
who spirit away dimes and dollars from
some people by night and put them in
the pockets of other people. Cash ac
counts don't altogether explain the mys
tery. A man who doesn't use tobacco may
often wonder where he would get the
money to buy it if he did use it ; but if he
did use it, probably his accoodts would
somehow come U> ihe same thing. — Boston
Transcript. »
23in Childhood`s Realm
rage to-day is devoted princi- '
I "_|J pally to winter sports, and the
WmC j boys and girls of "Childhood's
llealm" may understand how some of the
children far from our own sunny land
pass away the merry hours of play.
Jingle, bells: jlng'.e, bells;
Jing c : 11 the wmy.
Oh. what fun it is to ride 1
On h one-horse open sletgh !
And —
Ovpr the snow- swiftly we go,J
Merrily, merrily oh !
You all know those songs, don't you,
and love to sing them? Merrily and
heartily, too, even if you have not the
pleasure of participating in the exhilarat
ing sports of the East .md North.
We know it must be lots of fun to shoot
down an icy hillside, for it's jolly to coast
even if the ground is not frozen. Ever so
many of you are the proud possessors of
lovely coasters, and there are such splen
did hills here down which to ride it seems
as t tney had been made on purpose for
this sport.
Then, besides, you have your roller
'kutts. and it's wonderful to see how fast
y< a 30 over the smooth sidewalks.
Weil. I think girl? and boys in California
have a pretty good time in winter after
all ; don't you?
1 expect many mors suggestions for a
motto and badge during this week.
Winter Fon on Skees
not many boys and girls in ]
ibp \if.i went skeeing. But it is safe
to iay uiat there are few who have not
made snowsnoes out of two barrel-staves
by fastening a strap over tne center of
each for a foothold, and then, with pole
in hand, went sipping and sliding over
the icy streets or down the incline from a
snow heap.
Skees are worn like oarrel-stave snow
shoes, only they are much longer, straight
and spriney, and when properly used will
carry the heaviest man over drifts of snow
many feet deep. They are usually made
cf straieht-grained- pine or ash and are
from twelve to twenty feet lone, a liule i
wider than a man's foot and only a frac-
Running on Skees.
tion of an inch thick. The forward end
curls up lite a sled runner and the strap
for the foot is near tbe center. In walk
:n^ the "i-kee-runner," as he is called,
:a-st pushes one skee forward aver the
snow and then the other, without lifting
his feet.
In Norway and Sweden, where the win
ters are long, cold and blustery and the
snow often hides the fences, every boy
and girl knows how to skee. Indeed,
most of the boys can make their own
skees, ana there is as much fun in "run
nine;" on them as the young folk of Chi
cago find in sliding down hill. Once
ni anted on his skees the Norweeian hoy
dans down the steepest, mountain side
with incredible swiftness over the snow.
Hunters often run on skees when after
game. In America the home of the skee
is in Northern Wisconsin, Minnesota and
Michigan, wnere a great many Norwe
gians and Swedes are settled.
Here the boys ofien shoulder their skees
and so out to ths hillside. Then the best
"runner" in the party straps on his skees
and makes a tracfc down the smooth snow
to the valley. He is not afraid to attempt
the steepest descent, for he balances him
self perfectly with a short pole, and the
fine snow shoots out behind him in a
cioud. When the track is made the other
boys sl'de down one by one. Sometimes
i poor "runner" stumbles and goes over
head first into the snowy Of course, the
skees are strapped to his feet, and it
sometimes happens that he cannot get
out without the help of his companions.
When the sfcee-runner becomes very ex
pert he tries jumping. This is a highly
exciting and perilous sport. At the bot
tom of the hill a huge pile of snow, some
times built up on a foundation of boards,
is heaped up and the skeetrack is made to
ran to its crest. Then the dann? runner
starts at the top of the hill. Down he
comes, with the wind biting bis face and
the cay-colored flannel hood and scarf
beating out behind. As he approaches the
bummock of snow he stoops, sets his
teeth, and the muscles of his legs grow as
rigid as steel rods. Then tie shoots off the
crest into the air, and the spectators hold
their breath for fear he may not hold
rigid the long shafts of wood fastened to
his feet. And well for him if he lands
right end up and goes spinning onward
again.
For very expert runners the hummocks
are made as high as an ordinary one
story house, and it is not unusual for the
runner to shoot from 70 10 100 feet
through ihe air before striking ground
a-ain.
fun in the Icy North.
An Eskimo mother sometimes finds her
self face to face with the same perplexing
problem that troubled the old woman who
lived in a shoe. In the winter time when
Ready for the Sled.
the snow is deep and ttie weather is freez
ing cold sac weurs huge boots of fur
whicD come almost to her hips. When
she goes into the ijiloo, or snowhouse, she
pulis them off, and, picking up the little
hell of fur which unrolled reveals a fat
Eskimo baby, she drops the little imp into
one of the boots. If there are two Dabies
both boots are filled, and if there are three
she can well sympathize with the old
woman who had so many children she
didn't know what to do.
And so it happens that many an
Eskimo child spends the early part of
his life in a boot. At about 1 month old
be has the first real clothes of his own— a
wee jacket and trousers made of the soft
skin of the fawn. Then he rolls about on
the bed ot ice inside tbe igloo and plays
with the puppies, which have been
brought in from the cold, harnessed up
with strings and fastened to the side of
the bouse. When the little fellow's
mother goes out of doors she places him
in the huge fur hood which hangs from
the back of her neck and he nestles down
close to her to Keep warm. He is a good
natured baby, and it takes a very Ditter
wind st r aight from the north role to make
him cry. As soon as he is old enough to
talk he begins, like other children of other
land?, to beg for caudy. But his candy is
very different froui the sugar bonbons of
Esquimau Boy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
DITED DV*-
To him notbing is nicer and sweeter than
a new tallow candle or strip of fat cat from
a wahus. Sometimes if his mother wants
10 give him a real Christmas surprise she
makes a special kind of canay.
The big boys go out lor her and steal
along the snow hummocks until they see
a spot of deep red somewhere on tbe edge
of an icefloe. They know that this is the
feet of a number of queer little ducks with
bodies so white that it is often hanl to see
l them again>t the ice. Cautiously they
I creep up and capture as many of the ducks
as they can and carry them home. Then
Mr 3. Eskimo cuts off the bright red
feet and carefully pulls out the bones,
leaving only the skin. This she blows up
until each of the toes is as big as two, and
when the skin freezes in this shape she
] pours it full of melted grease. And this
; is a candy foot.
The little Eskimo has a pretty good
time, in spite of the fact that ne lives in
so cold a country. As soon as his arms
are strong enough he is given a little bow,
made of whalebone, and »:n arrow tipped
with a pin. His mother hangs a big piece
of fat meat to the wall opposite and he
shoots away at the mark. If he hits it he
may have it to eat as a reward. He also
keeps bis eve on the dogs, which are al
ways trying to crowd into the doorway of
the ice hut to steal some meat. If they
become too venturesome he pecks away at
them with blunt-headed arrows that make
their noses smart.
Until they are nine or ten year s old
the little girls and the little boys are
clothed alike, and they enjoy about the
same sport*. The Little girls have dolls 10
play with. They are made of walrus ivory
or bone, and clothed in fur to look much
THE SKATING LESSON— FROM THE YOUTH'S COMPANION.
like a boy. The face is carved with eyes,
nose and mouth, and the doll is often so
ferocious-looking that it would frighten
almost any little girl who Jives in Cali
fornia.
When the boys are about twelve years
old they begin to learn the duties of a
man. They go out and help drive the
dogs take lessons, in handling a harpoon
and in building igloos. Sometimes they are
intrusted witu the feeding of the dogs,
and it isn't an easy tasfc. For the dog
teams are given food only once in two
days, and often they become very hungry
and almost ferocious. While two or three
boys are cutting up the meat others stand
with long whips and keep the dogs at bay.
When everything is ready there is a ru«h
and a scramble and tne dogs share the
meat. Often the weaker and smaller dogs
have to be taken insiae the igloo to be fed,
| so that the big dogs will not steal every
■ thins away frcm them.
Eskimo boys and girls have many
amusements, but they are so very simple
that an American boy or girl wouldn't
find any fun in them at all. One of these
consists in throwing up a bone with
many holes in it and catching it on the
point of another bone. They also delight
in turning somersaults. They place their
heads between their Knees, clasp their legs
and roll down a hill. As they spin along
they look like big balls of fur. If they
happen to hit against a piece of ice up
they jump and run rfbout their play as if
nothing had happened. For they can
stand a bruise without whimpering
that w^uid half kill a less hardy boy. At
17 a boy is often able to do the work of a
man in hunting the walrus and harpoon
ing the seal, and a year or two later he is
married.
the Memory of Home.
In a recent sermon Rev. M : not T. Savace
said: "No boy, no girl, can ever come to
be utterly bad who remembers only love
and tenderness and unselfishness and
sweetness as associated with father and
mother in tbe old-time home. Give them
manly and womanly example, give them
training, give them tbe inspiration of de
voted lives— give them these higher, deeper
things. Danot care so much as to whether
3%0u are accumulating money so that you
can leave them a fortune. I really believe
the chances are against that being a bless
ing for a boy. But leave them an ac
cumulated fortune of memories and
inspirations and examples and hopes, so
that they are rich in brain and heart and
*oul and service. Then, if you happen to
leave them a fortune besides— if they have
ail these — the fortune will be shorn of its
possibilities of evil and will become an
instrument of higher and nobler good."
Jesus` Playmates
and the Spayyows
I like that old, old legend,
Not found in Holy Writ,
And wish that John or Matthew
Had made Bible out of it.
How the little Jewish children,
Upon a summer day,
W> <v down across the meadows
With the child Christ to play.
And in the <?old-green valley,
Where low the reedgrass lay,
They made them mock mud sparrows
Out of the meadow clay.
So when they were fashioned,
And ranged in rows about,
"Now," ' said the little Jesus,
"We'll let the birds fly out."
Then all the happy children
Did call and coax aiid cry,
Each to his own mud sparrow,
'"Fly as I bid you! fly."
But earthen were the sparrows,
And earth they did remain,
Except the one bird only
The little Christ had made.
Softly he leaned and whispered,
"Fly up to heaven, fly"—
And swift his little sparrow
Went soaring to the sky.
And silent all the children
Stood awestruck, looting on,
Till deep into the heavens
Tae bird of earth had gone.
I like to think for playmate
WV have the Lord-Christ still
And that above our weakness
Ho works his mighty will;
That all our little playthings
Of earthen hopes and joys
Snail be by li is commandment
Changed into heavenly toys.
Our souls are like the sparrows'—
Imprisoned in the clay ;
Bless him who came Ie wive them wings
To soar to heaven's britrht day.
— Bedford's Annual.
A New Kind of Kite.
Kiies used to be considered toys for
boy?. Now they are u*d for weather ob
servations and for decorations during a
parade or outdoor demonstrations, hav
ing held flags in the air at varying
height". Now the possibility of using
them in times of war to study the
enemies' fortifications is being talked
abont. In New York harbor is an island
called Governors Island, used by the
Government for purposes of defence. On
this island is a fort equiuped with
mounted gnns. Soldiers are stationed
there. Opposite on the other shores are
other forts equipped with mounted guns
and soldiers. No enemies' ships could
come to New York without passing these
forts. The guns at the forts woula sweep
the decks of the ships and sink the ships.
This is what is meant by the delense of
the harbor. One of the officers on this
island has b 'en experimenting in making a
kite that will carry a man high in the air,
where he may see the surrounding country.
He made a frame thirty feet long and
nine inches deep. This frame is strongly
braced on the inside, «d the kitestring is
a quarter-rope. There are really two
kites, one smaller than the other, fastened
400 feet apart on the kitestring. Tae kites
have no tails. The ends of the frame are
covered at either end with canvas, and
the wind has free play through the frame.
The kitestring fastened to the main frame
is wound round a windlass, and is paid
out by four men. L«ss than that number
couid not hold the kites. The smaller
kite helps to raise the larger one. Last
week the kites floated in the air with a
dummy weighing forty pounds, dressed
as a man, fitting in a hanging seat below
the larger kite. The kites carried the
dummy easily, and when it was drawn in
it settled gently to the ground. The
problem is to nnd out how heavy a load
the kites will carry, and then to devise
some steering-gear by which the kites may
be controlled in the air. Lanterns were
tied on the kitestring tae other night and
made a very pretty sight.
Through the eSoris of the United States
Consul at Cologne, tourists will no longer
be required to Day duty on their machines
on entering Germany. Hereafter it wiil
only be neces!ary to prove to the officials
that the mrclnnes are articles of travel
and not articles of commerce.
"The arithmetic teacher said for ns to
divide these apples into tninls and fourths
and I don't know how to do it. I got the
fourths done, but I don't know how to cut
an apple into three equal parts."
"Pooh ! That's easy 'nough," said stupid
littln Joe. "You just do it in this here
way: Ii you cut the apple into half, that's
two equal parts, ain't it? And if you cut
each of them into half, that's lour equal
Parts, ain't it? Well, tn«n," triumph
antly, "don't you see, if you want thirds,
yon just chuck one of them fourths
away.' 1
THE LETTER
BOX
Great Western, Lake Co., Jan. 19, 1897.
fitar Editor: I have nrver seen a letier from
Great Western, so I thought I would wri te one.
Igo to school at the Great Western mine. We
have a farm and live about half a mile from
the schoolhouse. 1 wisn to belong to the C. K.
C, 90 I send a little piece of poetry that I have
written. Yours truly, Jennie McCaitghak.
Sax Franxisco, Jan. 18, 1897.
Dear Editor: As this is the first letter I have
•written I hope it will be accepted and pub
lished in the "Childhood's Realm." My father
has ttken The Call for many years, but I
never took much interest id it until the page
for the children was published. lam a little
girl 10 years old. I thi'ik my letter is quite
long for the first time, so I'll say good-by. I
remafti your reader, Katie Meade.
Glencoe, Cal., Jan. 14. 1897.
Dear Editor: Th.s is my second letter to
The Call. I aid not see my first letter in
print, bu f . I hope this one will be published.
There is lots ot snow up here where I live.
Some winters 1 have a lovely time coasting
over the snow. The last part of last summer
our house was burned. We didn't save any
thing except the clothes we had on. I am
eicven years o'.d and go to the Glencoe Schojl.
My last teachers name was Miss Duffy. Next
term we are going to have a new teacher. I
am afraid my letter Is getting too long, §o I
shall close. From your loving Iriend,
Hattie Faip.child.
Easton, Cal., Jan. 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: A3 this is the first letter I have
ever written to a newspaper I don't suppose
it will be just rieht.
Easton is a sra all place and has a store and
postoitiie combined, five churches, one biac*
smith-saop, a paintshop and a packing-houS'\
Ills about live or six miles from the city of
Fresno. The country around is fertile enough
if it were no: for tne alkali, with which many
of the twenty-acre ranches are laden, and
nothing will grow on them except Bermuda
grass. The people around here raise all kinds
ofiruit. It is a great deal of trouble 10 take
care of a fruit ranch, becuu-e one has to do so
much work. First, the cutun? comes; then
the men put the fruit in a sulphur box, where
they leave it for a long time. It is then taken
out and put in the sun to dry ; after this it is
put into sweat boxes, to be taken East, where it
sells for 4 or 5 cents a pound. Just as soon
i as the fruit is gone the picking of grapes be
i gins. Ja^anes3 and Chinese usually do this,
! and It must be very hard as well as hot work.
They jut the grapes on the traya and there
they are left to be dried, and then turned and
dried on the other side. After this is done
j tney are put in the sweat boxes and are taken
'; either to Fresno or Kaston to be packed by the
! many young ladies. Well, lam telling you so
j much about this that you will get tired of it,
j so I will taik about something else. The letter
! is getting dry, like some lectures.
I am glad McKinlev got elected, but am
■ sorry for our editor, Mr. Shortridge; bat most
of the people seemed to want Mr. Perkins, so I
j guess it is best. But may be if he will try
I again he will get the office and be our next
Senator.
We went to San Francisco some time ago on
the Valiey road excursion. We saw the build
ing Mr. Spreckels la erecting where you are go
| ing to have your office. We think it is fine. I
, had a pleasant time.
I have forgotten to tell you about our
I schools. We have a high school and a gram
j mar grade school. This is abcut the only
. country school in the county that is graded.
I The school has a fine ground covering about
! four »acres. We have a tennis court, a ball
! ground, a playnouse, a large barn, a wood-
I shed and a windmill and tankhouse. The
: whole is surrounded by a green hedge, and
i last but not least is our large two-story school
| house. It has four rooms, a library and four
' anterooms. lam in the seventh grade.
Mr. Kirk, our superintendent, says that it is
the best country school in the State.
Well, I must close now, hoping to see my
i letter in the next issue of The Call. We take
The Weekly Call, and I always look for the
I Children's Page first. I enjoy Eva Navone's
| letters. I have ouly seen one letter from
Fresno. Your loving reader,
JMO DICEINSOK
(C. R. C. I would like to be.)
Frcityale, Cal., Jan. 19, 1897.
Dear Editor: Tnis is my second letter to
The Call. I aidn't see the other one in print,
so I thought I would write again. I like lo
read the Children's Page, and study out the
puzzles. I will send you some beheadings and
word squares. I go to the Lockwood school
and am it the fourth grade. I hope you will
prixu-aiy ietter this- time, as I would like to
show it to my teacher. Her name Is Miss Gib
son, aud 1 like her very much. Your lut.e
friend, E. Cecil Mcclistock.
Fetalcma, Jan. 27.
Dtar Editor: This is my first letter to The
San Francisco Call. My father has taken
your paper for a long time and I like it so
much. I have three pet goats and a dear little
kid. A clear water creek passes right by our
house. One day we went fishing, not long
ago, and my brother and I caught two salmon
SKATING ON SAN FRANCISCO STREETS.
trout^ My brother is 8 years old and his name
i« Henry. It has not rained hard enough this
year to make good salmon fishing. lam the
proud brother of three sisters. Please publish
my little letter. Your friend,
Leo Lefranchi.
Solano County, Jan. 21, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you.
My father has taken The Call just six month-"
and is very much pleased with it lam 10
years of age and attend tne Collinsvilie School
which has been in charge of Mis? Crofter for
the last six years. I enjoy reading Childhood's
Realm as I tina it extremely interesting. I
had a pleasant time atChristmas. I have two
brothers ana one sister. My papa has a great
many chickens and ducks. 1 iear my letter is
already too long, but hope it will escape the
wastebasket. I remain your little reader,
Stella O'Neal.
Ballard, Cal., Jan. 20, 1597.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl, eieven
years o'.d. I am in the seventh grade at school.
My teacher's name is Miss Pinkham. She is « i
very good teacher and I like her very much. I i
have a Maltese cat whose name is Billy. He is I
very cute. I iike the children's page so much.
Hoping my letter will be printed in The Call,
I remain, your new friend,
Jeanette Lyons.
East Oakland, Jan. 20. 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to any
paper and my first story. Will you please tell
me how to bo a member of the C. R. C? I hope
my first letter and story will escape the waste
ba&kct. lam your constant reader and new
friend, Bep.nice Swaney.
Pan Francisco, Cal., Jan. 19, 1897.
Dear Editor- This is my second letter to you.
I enjoy reading the Children's Page, Dut
would enjoy it more to have my name appear
in it. I try to solve the puzzles, but do not j
get them all. We have ta*en The Call for j
twenty years. Hoping that my letter will not j
be thrown in the wastebasket, I will close
now. Your new writer Augusta Krutsen.
San Franci?co, Jan. 22, 1897.
Dear Editor: This Is my second letter to The
Call. I wrote to you last year, and I did not
see my letter, but I saw my name among tiie
letters acknowledged. I hope this letter will
escape the wasteba»ket. Your little writer,
Juliette Driscoll.
PUZZLES
ANSWERS FOB JANUARY 24. 1897.
I. (a) Jar — Julia— us— real.
(b) Julius Csesar.
11. (a) Novice— hymns— entire— noise— tithe,
(b) Necessity is the mother of invention.
111. SIX— IX=S
IX-X I
LX-LzlX
' .
SlXr# doi.
IV. (a) Linnet.
(b) Finch.
(c) Robin.
V. Abraham Lincoln.
VI. But — ton. Button.
VII. O— range. Orange.
VIII. Car— nation. Carnation.
IX. Plough— lough.
X L— oaf. Loai.
: L — ode. Lode.
oath. Loath.
how tommy' made ome skate do.
NeW puzzles.
Change by prefixing and suffixing tne same
letter. Example: Change a sound to rocks.
S-tone-s, steneg.
I. (a) Change a girl's name to a title.
{I) Change a coin to perfumes.
(c) Cnange a piece of ground to opening".
Alice Bell, C. R. C.
11. WORD SQUARE.
1. To masticate.
2. N ckname for a tramp.
3. Black.
4. Will not. Nona Herbert, C. R. C.
111. BEHEADINGS.
Whole. I wander off.
Behend me and I'm a household article.
Again, and I'm a line of light.
Once more and I am an affirmative.
Lena WOOMOS, C. R. C.
IV. Behead a thin piece of stone which is
used in schools ana have behind time.
Again, and have a verb.
• V. Behead an article of
(a) furniture, and have a siogle thread or fii
j ament. Again, and have the fluid we treat: c.
(b) Behead a. covering for the foot, and hava
a garden tool. Edith Waldat, c. R. C.
VI. Curtail a substance obtained from crearl,
».nd have a county in California and a city i.o
Montana. Edith Waldau, C. K. C.
VII. Hidden names uf birds.
(a) My dears, how late you are !
(b) Why Uo you ask? I tell you I never was
there.
(c) In the Gospel I caa find many things re
vealed.
VIII. Pi. Names of my favorite puzzle
solvers.
(a) Giazmies.
(b) Abcelllie.
Eveline Cordan, C. R. C.
HISTORY.
IX. When did Roger Williams arrive in
America? What did he teach?
X. When was Abraham Lincoln bornf
Letters Acknowledged.
Besides letters published pleasant commu
nications have also been received from the
boys and giris whose names follow: R. Ma . i
Mallory (C. R. C), Bessie Orchard, Retha
Waldau (C. R. C). Corine L. Bartlett (C. R C. .
Chauncey P. Williamson, Lillian Hili, Lola
Marsl'.i, Lulu Shattuck, Ro>e Bristol, Frel
Anthes (C. R. C), Antoinette Crawford (C. K.
C), T. P. Trubody. Paul Peters (C. R. C). Ger
tie Untried, W. Lyons (C. R. C), Llllie McKee,
Ollie Streeter, Minnie C.Dana, Charles M<-
Mahon, Lena Woodson. Emily Foley. Lottie M.
Ward, W.Tibbetts (C. R. C), and 'he following
members of the Easton School: Ezra J. Cfiani
berlin, Willie Brown, Lida Baird, John Lar
sen, Carl Almgren, Thilda Laraen, Edwin
Moore, Albert F. Allie Sudden, Hilda
Anderson and Henry Snedden.
JKose Who HaVe Solved the
J\jzzles.
Correct answers for January 24 have been
received from the following members of c. R.
C. : Alice Bell, Ella R. Hartneil. Paul Peters,
Beckie Heino, Retha Waldau and Fred Anthes.
For January 17: Ethel McClure. From non
members : For January 17. E. Cecil McClintoc*.
and from Lulu Shattuck for January 24. .
Suggestions for Motto and Ba-^t'C
for C. J?. C. From J*lembers.
I. ."Mutual Mental Improvement." To M
printed in gold or silver letter* on ribbon.
Retha WaLOAO.
11. "Never Give Ud." Badge, red, white and
blue riboons.
White "C." on the red ribbon, blue "R" on
the white and white "C." on the blue one.
A. Crawford.
111. "Let Us Be as One, Under One Head ."
w. Ltoju
y\r\sWers to Correspondents.
EUa Hartneil -Your Rebus was duly re
ceived, but in the rush of Holiday work wai
mislaid.
A. Crawford— The address is Clinton Har
rington, Trinidad, Cal.
Retha Waldau— Your contribution! are
good: but remember all of the puzzles can
not be published at ooce.
Alice Bell— Please rewrite your suggestion
for a motto, and oblige your Editor.
R. Maud Mallory— Your letter, poem and
little story are most welcome.TAKING A PRACTICE SPIN UNDER SAIL ON THE LARGEST BIKE IN THE WORLD.
Scorching On a Bicycle Under FUll Sail.
Largest Bike ir\ the World, P'idder\ by Se^erx Crack Riders, Fitted Out With Large
Sails, Will Gut the Mile Record DoWr\ to Less Jkar\ a JMir\ute
T7-SESS than a minute to a mile.
\^% Two large sails have just been
J?H* rigged on a bicycle driven by seven
crack riders and they will shortly attempt
to cover a mile in less than six-ty seconds.
The big machine with its spread of canvas
presents a strange spectacle.
Frank J. Marion of S. racuse, N. V., who
got up the world-famed race between the
Empire State Express and a septupiet, in
which the bicycle came off victor, designed
the last cycling sensation.
The idea of a machine which could carry
a spread of canvas and seven men is abso
lutely unique.
In ca-ting about for some means by
which the riders of this the largest practi
cal machine ever constructed could receive
additional aid in their record-breaking at
tempt, Mr. Marion one day conceived the
idea of adding sail power to the machine,
The subject of adding two big sails to
the machine was suggested to H. E. Mas
lin, who is himself an enthusiast upon the
subject of record-breaking by quintet,
sextet and septupiet riders, and after
some di-cussion and of the matter
it wa- dec dcii to rig the huee machine
with sails and see what would result when
■with seven strong-lmibeu riders and two
c awinn sails it should be set going
against time.
The idea was a decidedly novel one, for,
while sail- on single bi:ycles had pre
viously been tried with more or less suc
cess, the idea of actually rigging a
seven-rider machine with a complete suit
of sails, which should be controlled by the
riders, was something decidedly new in
the history of cycling.
This septuplet is an exact counterpart
of the sextet which raced the Empire
State express, with the single exception
that whereas the sextet carried six riders,
tue septuplet, as its name implies, has
seven.
It has never been shown in thi3 country,
tut was sent as soon as it was constructed
to Paris, where it remained for two
months, after which it was shown by its
riders in a number of cities of Europe. It
was then taken to London, where it was a
constant source of wonder and comment
to the English riders.
The machine has just been returned to
this country, and immediately on its ar
rival here Severn Dorion, a well-known
designer of small sailboats, was consulted,
and after consideration of the plan said
that he saw no reason why a suit of sails
shouid not work as well on a big machine
as upon a sailboat or ineooat.
He was accordingly given the order to
make a proper suit of sails for the ma
chine, and these have just been fitted on to
the light spars which carry them.
The masts are of wood, light but very
strong. Tue forward one is fitted or
stepped into a metai holder or socket,
which rises from the framework of the
machine just bacK of the seat of the first
rider, while the second mast is placed be
tween the sixth and last rider.
CURIOUS CAR BUILT ESPECIALLY FOR SAURIANS,
The forward mast is about twelve feet in
length while the second or rear stick is
some two feet shorter. The rig is almost
a canoe rig. The sails are somewhat tri
angular in sr.ape and when set are kept in
position dv numerous small gaffs which
are in the namre of small booms running
from the mast through tuo sails to their
outer edge.-.
The sails are controlled by the second
and seventh riders by means of a system
of cords and pulleys in the same manner
as the sails of a canoe are governed.
The lower booms are on a level with the
seats of the riders, but inasmuch as there
is very little tacking done when the ma
chine is under sail, so to speak, this is not
so great a disadvantage as it ai lit st ap
pears.
When, however, it is necessary to come
about or set the sails on the other side of
the macnine, the booms can be raised by
a cord and pulley, so as to clear the heads
of the riders and allow the sals to swing
across c'ear.
The upper gaff of the front or larger sail
extend- several feet above tue top of the
mast, while tiie boom projects outward
about twelve feet from the machine.
This gives a sail area of approximately
r_'ti square feet, while the second or rear
sail hag an area of about So >quare feet,
thus giving a combined sail area of some
thing over 3*' square feet.
In the preliminary trials which have
thus far been made with this machine it
ha- been demonstrated that wuue the jails
are under certain conditions of the wind
of very material assistance to the riders in
the matter of speed, tney ca,nnot be used
to advantage with any breeze w..ich may
blow.
Under certain conditions of wind the
big sail area t.olds the wind and on sev
eral occasions the seven riders have had
to do some sudden and wonder. ul gym
nastic performances in order to avoid a
nasty spill.
When, however, the wind is fair the
sails cam* the machine along at a rate
which equals that ol a railway train and
in fact exceeds the speed of many local
trains.
The big machine with its sails and its
crew of athletic riders is now all ready for
the race against the record, when it is
confidently expected that present records
j will be practically annihilated and a won
derful new world's record for one mile es
tablished.
T c weather is thus far to blame for the
postponement of this interesting event.
The ground having been frozen has re
mained in a rou^h and unsatisfactory con
dition and t^ecrew of the septuplet are
hardly to blame for not caring to risk cer
tainly their limbs and possibly iheir lives
in a winter attempt to break the record.
It has been demonstrated, however, by
I the preliminary trials that better results
are obtained from the machine when it is
ridden across the wind than under any
other conditions, and Mr. Maslin, who is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
greatiy intereslei in the performance of
this machine, has just completed arrange
ments for the attempt to smash the record
as saon as the weather peimits.
The tests which have already been made
have taken place on the lakeside boule
vard, a tine stretch of road running out of
Syracuse, and those interested in the big
machine and its work are well satisfied
wiih the showin s thus far made, and are
confident that when forced along under
the impulse of a favoring breeze and the
fourteen muscular legs of its riders the
machine will cover a mile in less than a
minute.
Its riding crew is composed of seven of j
the best-known rider* of the country. The ,
steersman, William B«x, has already bad j
considerable experience with the machine
before the masts and sails were put in
position. He has guided t; c machine ;
over a circular mile track in 1 minute and j
39 seconds, taking the machine and crew
across the finish line and to a stop in
safety.
Among the other riders of the crew of j
the machine are Robert F. Darline, the |
designer and builder of the septupiet; [
Frank L. Troppe. George Beakbane, Frank !
Ln Velle, Henry Triebert and Charles ;
Duckrow, all of whom are well-known !
racing cyclists.
Several of these men were in the crew
which raced with the Empire State ex
press, and all of them have had long
experience in multicycle-riding.
In ih's corning trial of the septuplet
against time the machine will be Handled
in much the same manner as an iceboat
is, the sails being set as shown in the
illustration.
Two Men in a Box.
Life WitKirx NarroW Limits Near
the Jop of J^ob Hill.
Sixty-three hours a wee* in a box two
feet square — that is the karma of two
steady, Dard-working men in San Fran
cisco. The box stands u;>rifjht on the
southeast cornet of California ana Powell
streets. Possibly it is an incft or two
under or over two feet square, but at all
events it is not big enough to permit its
occupant the luxury of a comforable
yawn. The box has four glass windows.
On three sides of the box just below the
windows are bullseye signal lights, which
alternately flash from white to red end
vice versa. If a California-street cable-car
is coming up tie hill on its westward
journey, then the bullseye that faces Pow
ell street will flash a red light. If the
Powell-street car is nearing the top of
Nob Hill, northward bound, then the
lu'ht that faces California street will
gleam with a dark reddish hue. And it is
t .c duty of these two men whose karma
it is to be imprisoned in this tiny box for
Rattlesnakes .May Become a Popular Dish
Frar\k Qoolsby Says the Meat Is Jender, Delicious, White and Pretty, and Only prejudice
Will Present j^attlers From Being Qeneraliy Eaten
|-^RANK A. GOOLSBY of Zellwood.
■IwSj Fla., has discovered that rattle
1^ snakes are a very tempting dish.
Every day he kills one, which is served
up later on the family table.
Mr. Goolsby is the first roan on record
who has made a meal off rattlesnake, and
he declares that the reptiles re, without
doubt, the most delicious food Known to
man. ' He has made a fair tett of tne dish,
having had them cooked in a dozen dif
ferent styles.
Mr. Gooisby is something of an epicure.
He has a little money and all the leisure
he desires, and so can devote considerable
time to the pursuit of new thing?, includ
ing those that are good to eat. And so it
comes about that, after running the
gamut of ordinary kinds of food he de
cided upon testing something novel, and
tried a rattlesnake.
According to what he says, it is only a
question of a short time before rattle
snake—fried, stewed or curried— will be
come so fashionable a dish that no first
class dinner will be complete without it.
There is no doubt that there are dozens
of appetites ao jaded that they are will
ing to test anything new in the form of
lood, but in this instance the epicures will
have the advantage of having something
fu:ced upon them by fashion that is pal
atable, and will not have to through
their usual punishment when adopting a
new dish and in acquiring the taste.
O£ course, there will be the usual cry
sixty-three honr3 each week to change
the color of these lights.
It isn't every man who could endure the
awful monotony ot a six hours' stretch as
a prisoner, day in anil day out, every al
ternate six hours, from one end ol the
long, long year to the other. Anil yet the
monotony of the job is not so great as
one may imagine, though there is, of
course, a good deal of sameness about ii.
But to the man inside the bux there is no
time for day dreaming and no time for a
comfortable yawn, even if there were room
enough in tne box to enjoy it. For this is
one of the most dangerous crossing* in
the City. Not only do two lines of cable
cars cr&ss each other here, but each line
has a double track, with cars moving at
all quarters of the compass at the same
time, and, most important consideration
of all, immediately to the east and south
of this crossing the grades are remarkably
steep, so that cars coming northward ana
westward do not bring the niotormen in
sight of the crossing until they have
reached the summit and are nearer the
danger point than even the conscience of
a street railroad corporation is willine to
permit them to be viitfaout intimation of
approaching or passing obstacles.
Now, in order to rill the position of sig
nal man at this point perfectly, the occu
pant of tha little box ought really to be
gifted with no less than four eyes, and
each eye should be so adjusted as to en
able the signal man to encompass with
his sight north, east, south and west, all
at the same time. This would prevent a
good deal of the head-turning and neck
twisting that is now nee ssary. But, upon
second thought, it would add greatly to
the monotony of the situation and rob the
occupant of the signal box of his only per
missible diversion.
The little signal box is quite comfortable
inside, all things considered, only there
isn't sufficient room in it for an open
grate anrt an easy chair, and the ventila
tion is not what it ought to be. It's ail
ventilation or no ventilation. When it's
all ventilation— a good many days out of
the year— it means a draught and a cole!.
When it's no ventilation— well, it's just
what those words imply.
After dark it is warm enough from the
waist up, for the lamps give plenty of heat
and to spare, and a blanket or two over
the feet enables one to preserve a normal
temperature when the fops roll in or the
wind blows down from the north. Still
there's that everlasting twisting and
craning of tne neck and the incessant en
deavor to loot four ways at one time that
seems very painful to the uninitiated.
"But I don't mind it so much as you
might think," says Timothy Cox, who is
one of the men who occupies this box.
"I've got rather used to it now and I rind
that \>y sitting in the corner of the box
with my back about half way between
east ami south I can cover the ground
pretty well without twisting. When I
lirst went into the box it used to bother
me a good deal, and at one time I was
afraid of cultivating a nervous habit of
neck craning even when off duty. But
I've got bravely over that. Though the
job doesn't pay so much it's a pood deal
better than a good many other jobs, and a
sinecure when compared with no job at
all."
Mr. Cox receives the munificent sum of
$too a year, payable in monthly install
ments, for his services as signal man. He
is employed by the Ferries and Cliff House
brancu of the Market-street Railway,
while the man who s ares the 18-hour
day with him s Sheldon A. Finney. And
his emoluments are no less nor greater
than those of his partner, though they
reach his hands through the coffers of the
California-street Railway. Both men look
a good deal alike, dress a good deal alike
and might easily be mistaken one for the
other even on a fine day. Their time of
service is divided into watches of six
hours' duration, that being about the
length of time that a good strong man is
enabled to stand the sameness of the aitu
tion as a regular occupation.
Of course, Christmas and holidays in
general — or in particular, either— have no
place in the calendars that tell off the
livps of these two signal men, for street
cars, like mornin newspapers, are public
utilities, in the maintenance of which the
personal pleasures and conveniences of
the few are sacrificed to the needs and the
comforts of the many.
The Prize irv Store.
A Kansas boy who smoked 1200 pack
ages of cigarettes saved the pictures and
sent them to the firm, asking what they
would give for them.
The answer was as follows:
"Smoke 1200 nioro and we'll send you a
coffin."
A thunderstorm in hot weather travels
at the average rate of thirty miles an hour.
against the eating of snakes, but this will
give way to curiosity and desire, just as on
the outcry against frogs, and the fashion
able diner may look forward to a dish of
rattlesnakes as a certainty in the near
future. •
Mr. Goolsby, the rattlesnake pioneer,
was so delighted with the success of his
new dish that he persuaded his family to
taste it. Ha had not the slightest fear of
any iil results, and after the first shock
to their feelings was over, he declares that
every member of his family became so
fond of the delicacy that they preferred
it to any kind of meat he could buy.
As soon as it bee tme known that Goolsby
had been feeding bis family on thi3
strange food, his house was thronged with
visitors, all anxious to learn the details.
These were few ana easy to give. He
simply thought the dish might be good to
eat and tried it. His family followed suit,
and became so fond of the food that they
could eat nothing else for a time.
But there are many things to consider
before using rattlesnakes as food, accord
ing to Mr. Goolsby. In fact he strongly
advises aeainst the use of tne dish uuless
the eater is sure of the manner in which
the sniike was killed. Tiie snake, he says,
should not be made angry nor be allowed
to bite itself before death, as in either
case the flesh would become poisoned and
might result seriously to the eater. Of
course there would not be any danger of
death, for to result fatally the poison
must be iniused into the blood. Illness
might, however, result, and this even in
FRANK GOOLSBY INTRODUCES RATTLESNAKES AS A TABLE DELICACY.
Alligators That Travel in Palace Cars
JKeir Hostelry orv Wheels Is So Built as to /Wrr\it of VieWing
the Outside World.
iF^I/jN innovation in railway-car build
:XyL'^ in^r is the recent construction
JiVL' of a "Palace Alligator Car."
It is designed to rarry in safety and
comfort to any part of the world the hure
inhabitants of the swamps. This car was
built by a St. Louis car company for J. B.
Collon of Kansas City, Mo., who will
utilize his odd conveyance in a bu-iness
enterprise. Cars have been built for the
transportation of many varieties of queer
animals, but this is the first saurian one.
The term "palace" used in the title
might seem a misnomer, but when its
equipments are compared with the slimy
mud banks where the alligator makes his
home Mr. Colton may be pardone-d for in
cluding the word in the name of his novel
car.
In dimensions the car is about ths size
of the ordinary freightcar; about forty
two feet long, nine feet high and the
regulation width for running on broad
eauge tracks.
The frame is built of steel and seven
heavy steel stanchions hold the roof on
either side. Along the sides the upper
space is left open, so that the occupants
may be almost in the open air when trav
eling in their native climes or boarded up
when the colder latitudes are reached
during a journey. The lower half of the
side can also be removed, which is often
necessary, especially when driving the
long-jawed creatures into their queer
quarter*. At either end are steps precisely
lik© those of the ordinary passenger
coach. On top is a modern ventilator,
which performs its functions when the
sides of the car are closed in cold weather.
At one end are quarters for the attendants
or keepers with berths and other appoint
ments designed for comfort.
The interior presents the more interest
ing view. Kenning down one side of the
car is a iarge water-tank constructed of
cypress wood. This tank is three feet
wide and three feet deep, and extends
nearly the entire length of the interior 01
the car. The object of the designer in
placing the tank on the side was to give
the aquatic occupants an occasional op
portunity to view the outside world dur
ing their temporary captivity, as well as
ever so slight a degree would be undesir
able. Therefore Mr. Goolsby thinks it
weli to inipre-s upon those who intend to
test this latest delicacy that ihe most im
portant thing to be considered is the kill
ing of the -nake.
Mr. Goolsby advises the use of a shot
gun. The first reptile that he ate was
killed with a load of buckshot, the head
being blown entirely off the body some
four or five inches below the neck. But,
whether a shotgun or an ax is used, the
head should always be completely sev
ered and the killing accomplisned in the
quickest possible manner.
This latter result is accomplished by
vigorously thrashing the tail with a good
stout stick.
Once the snake is killed thn rest is easy.
The cooking is a matter of taste. The
snake should be cut up into small pieces,
carefully cleaned and skinned, and then
can be either fried, broiled, stewed, boiled
or fricaseed, according to desire. Mr.
Ooolsby thinks that the most delicate
flavor is secured by broiling.
The meat is as white as that of a spring
chicken and as tender as a frog's leg. The
flavor, he says, is so distinctly novel and
delicious as to be indescribable to one
who has never tasted it.
There is one great advantage derived
from this latest dish, and that is found in
the fact that the rattlesnake do^s not get
tough with age. Mr. Goolsby says that
he rinds no difference in the texture of the
flosb between young and old reptiles, each
being equally tender.
accommodate the curious public where
the car might stop.
In a far corner of the car, opposite the
keeper's quarters, is another tank for the
purpose of keeping live fish as food for
the alligators. It is almost twice the
height of the main tank, and solidly cov
ered, so that the travelers may not gorge
tnemselves between meals. This tank can
be reached through a window in that end
of the cur, as an attempt to go among
them with food would not be an alto
gether safe proceeding.
A stove is also one of the pieces of furni
ture in the car. This is necessary to pre
serve an even temperature while journey
ing through frigid climates, as the alliga
tor, being used to tropical or semi-tropical
suns, cares as little for the snow-clad
Is'orth us a walrus does for equatorial
waters.
The number of alligators which might!
be accommodated in the novel car de
pends of course, largely on the size of the
lizard-sbaped beast. Sometimes they
grow to a length of seventeen or eighteen
feet, and not many of that size could wad
dle about in the comparatively small
tank, but of the average size, eight or ten
feet long, Mr. Colton believes he could
crowd in as many as a dozen in a pinch.
The car has already made several success
ful trips with small cargoes of the queer
freignt consigned to circuses and aquari- j
urns and is at present traveling some
where in the South.
Many are the queer adventures of those
in charge of the unique caravan. The
accompanying illustration shows the alli
gator family enjoying the scenery while
the car is side-tracked at a small station,
wailing to be switched on to another train.
Mr. Colton, it is said, has found these
young alligators of which he has made
pels, and it is his delight during long stops
to take thorn out for a short fr. lie.
When this occurs the remaining cap
tives show their disapprobation of not
being tbe recipient of similar favors by
snapping their huge jaws and viciously
displaying their conical sharklike teeth.
Small boy 3on occasions find amusement
by poking the enraged alligators with
long sticks, but you may be sure the per
formance is done at a safe distance. The
After describing the manner In which
he killed his first snake, as told above,
Mr. Goolsby spoke on thn various points
in favor of cooking rattlesnake. "Be
sides being good to eat," he said, "if it is
fried one can use the oil for medicinal
purposes. What its peculiar properties are
Ido not know, but certain it is that rat
tlesnake oil is the finest thing yet discov
ered for rheumatism and stiff jo.nis. In
fact it is good for anything that may be
treated by a liniment."
Mr. Goolsby explained that after eating
tae meat what is left is collected and
stewed into oii, much in the same manner
that one would make beef tea.
'•Why," he said, "we would not think of
being without a jar of rattlesnake oil in
the house."
Perhaps the most attractive way to
serve thi* new dish is to boil tne snake
and cover it with parsley sauce. Mr.
Gooisby himself does not like the flavor of
parsley, so says he cannot judge of this;
but others declare that this is the oniy
way to bring out the full flavor of the
snake meat.
Mr. Goolsby Das replied to dozens of
letters of inquiry regarding the prepara
tion and cooidnz of rattlesnakes. These
have arrived from all parts ot the country,
especially from the big centers. There
are many inquiries by caterers and those
in charge of the culinary departments of
fashionable diu>i)g clubs, which fact indi
cates that beiore long rattlesnake soup
and rattlesnake a la Z.'ilwood will take
their places on the fashionable menu card.
enraged captives become so unruly that it
requires a vast amount of prodding with
pikes to subdue them, after which it is
necessary to shut them up in the car.
Variations ir\ Acorns.
It is said that in individual trees scarcely
two leaves can be found exactly alike.
What is true of leaves is true of seeds,
and, indeed, of every part of a tree. It is
also true of the behavior of trees during
their Jife career. In «corn 9 especially one
may note a remarkable difference in their
behavior. Some species of acorn will pre
serve thtir vital power without much
difficulty for a couple of years, while
others can rarely bp found with life after
a few months. Some, when put into the
eartn, will remain month 3 before sprout
ing, while others will sprout before they
are fairly out of their cups on the trees.
The acorns of the live oak of the South
often sprout before they fall. The process
of germinating is among the most remark
able of all American tree . The root
pushes out from the acorn 10 a distance of
many inches before it enters the ground,
the root then goes into the earth while the
bud or plumule ascend? to form tho in
cipient tree trunk. The young tree of tne
live oak will frequently be a distance of
six inches from the acorn. In this re
spect the behavior of this species of oak
corresponds nearly with what is almost
universal in monocotvledonous seeds.
Another early sprouter is the common
white oak. These have not been known
to sprout on the tree, but they scarcely
reach t c ground before the little radicle
prepares to enter the earth. It does not
wait to pet to the surface of the earth be
fore doing this. On shelves or boxes
where there is some number of them 10
--gether the whole will be a mass of roots
before a few weeks after gathering. On
the other hand the nut of the burr oak
will remain a long time before snowing
any disposition to sprr ut. It is these
varying characteristics which make rules
for the transportation of seeds difficult;
each kind has to have a method ol its
own. So far as tne two oaks are con
cerned, it has been found better to send
young plants long .distances than the
acorns themselves. — Mechlin's Monthly.
2526
STAGE
De gustibus non est disputandum, which
means that you will have mistils if you
try to shape all taste 3 into the same
mold. 1 never knew such a varied assort
ment of tastes as weie expressed about
Modjeska last week. "Mci jeska is great,
just as brilliant and finished as she was in
the zenith of her hime," I heard one rirst
nighu-r remark, enthusiastically, and an
other biase critic chipped in with:
"Modjes-ka's acting reminds me of one of
those lovely frescoes t. at once stood out,
well defined and radiant, from the brush
of Leonardo da Vinci, or Luini, but that
are fading out with time and growing
colorless and shadowy," which was a very
different opinion from the enthusiastic
first-nighter's, and goes to show that de
gustibus, etc.
For myself, I would not venture upon
an opinion respectirg an actress unless I :
had really heard her, and from where I |
sat 1 could not hear more than half of
what Mod jeska said, even by remaining
on the gui vive and straining my ears.
The theater hat, whicb blots out the stage,
is trying to the nervous system of the
luckless wight who sits behind it, but |
catching a fragmentary dialogue is almost
as demoralizing to the nerves. Here,
again, the question of de gustibus comes
in. One woman, who baa heard Moti
j-ska many t;nics in her prime, assured
me, after the i erformance, that it was
quite a mistake to think the Palish actress
could nov speak as distinctly as she ever
did, and slu- backed up this statement by
sny;ng: "Her voice is not so strong:, but j
Modjeska has improved in her English.'' j
I suggested that had I furnished mvse'.f ]
roysell'with an aurophone instead of wi;h
opera-glasses I m ght have spoken with
more reliability on the subject, but my 1
friend scouted my suggestion and unfeel- i
ingly said, "You must be growing dea!." J
If misfortune likes company, it is comfort
ing to know that many other people were
similarly afflicted.
Of "Magda" a? a drama there is noth
ir.g left. :o say. The woman wilh a pa«t
as the subject for the piayvvr glit has been
bo thoroughly written and talied about
that contributions to the discussion are
no Jonger thankfully received. tecond
Mrs. Tanqucray?, Magdas et al., are mere
ly a question of de gu-uibus, etc.
In recalling the acin* in "Magda"
(apaitfrom tne star's impersonation) two
characters sta^d out as goo.i pieces 01
character drawing. Of course every one
■who saw the p!ay will say at once, the
stern old Major and the whole-hearted
unworldly Hector. Haworth had a most
exacting role as thr stern parent; resisting
all temptations to win cheap applause by
exaggerating Major Schubert's eccentrici
t es, he entered into tne complexities of
the man's character and never forgot that
Schubert was an officer and a gentleman,
though he was a perverse old fallow. There
was something absolutely hfeiike in his ef
forts to whis le the "Watch by the Rhine"
in a debonair manner when he had
murder in his heart. The broken melo !y
and the wuy he s-trayed from the key de
scribed in a more pathe'ic way than words
the proud spirit writuinj: in agony but try
ing to hide its inward preoccupation un
der a cheerful exterior.
I am proud of Lonercan's success, be
cause I predicted something of the sort
for him wuen he was playing incognito a
few week- (igo at the Grand. He to >k the
part of a soidier condemned to die at sun
ri c, and there was a harrowing scene of
suspense while the sun dallied on the
verge of the horizon. Lonergan was as
dashing and heruic then as he was sincere
and convincing last week in the finer and
more sub;le character of the rector. The
next thing we shall h<ar 13 that Daly or
one of the other great managers ha
claimed this young Californian for his
own.
Ov. the opening night of "Macda" some
of the members if t c ca-t showed a spirit
of independence in the in'erpretation of
their roies that was positively American.
This robbed the performance of the subtle
quai;y of homogeneonsness and truth to
local coloring, which, for want of a better
word, is .".ornetirnes called atmosphere.
As tiie week progressed the independent
ones improved won .erfully, each evi
dently striving to become a mere unit in
the success ot the whole play. The Chan
cellor threw aside his Monday night's
make-up and became a poiished man of
the world, whom it would have teen pos
sible for a fastidious woman liKe Magda
to have loved not wisely but too weli.
Little Marie tecame more German and
consequently le->s distinctively American,
and even Miss jf'oley, as the maiden aunt,
began to bethink herself that in German
un.itary circles there is nothing absr
luiely coruic about being an old maid.
The comedy element is not very predomi
nant in "Magda," and it wa~ the weakest
yart of the periorniauca, as far as acting
was concerned.
Talking of de gustibua, etc., il Antoin
ette Trebclli lias none on progressing as
she promised to do at the outset of her
career, hersi:!g;;i ■ should appeal to every
one's tai'.e. 1 remember hearing her with
the late Sir diaries Hal.e's orchestra in
Liverpool soun after her English debut.
Tue orchestra used to hear so much talent
tha: it b'.cjm; blase, and I have seen ua
members listen 'o even ihe great Joachim
with appreciative interest but without
visible enthusiasm. When this young
girl mounted ihe platform very little was
expected frum her, as she was regarded
mere.y as the heiress to a great name.
Little Trebelli sang the "Shadow Dance"
from "Dinora," and a sight I had never
see:: at any of Halle's concerts followed.
The members of the orchestra almost to a
man dropped their instruments tne mo
ment the ;iria was concluded and applaud
ed her like schoolboys, smiling and nod
ding to one another as much 88 to say,
'There's coloratura sinaiuj; for you."
The blase first-nighter, the usher, the
doorkeeper, aiideveu the humble supe, are
all supposed to hold viewa worth chron
icling on the subject of a n -w play, but to
quote th;> tiieater scrurjlady as a dramatic
expert is in entirely new departure. Ed
ward Milton Royle has inaugurated t his
pleasingly democratic innovation. Having
tried "Capta:n Impudence" on the West
and found that the West .survived it, Royle
recently made up nis mind to gve it to
New York. While rehearsals were pro
gressing at the American Theater the
Bcrublady, in the pursuit of herdaiiy avo
cations, was jbserve^ to keep one eye on
business, and the other on art. The com
pany experienced great anxiety lest her
critical observation should lead her to
Dnmn win faint praise assent with civil leer,
Anil, wiihoui sneerlnp, tetch ihfi res. to -ineer.
This anxiety was forever removed when
j one day the scrublatly, to quote Rovle's
j aerent, "Put herself in favor of the play by
announcing to Selena Fetter Royle, 'Sure
mum, that's a beautiful play.' " So prreat
was the rejoicing at this favorable verdict
that Royle's agent rushed out, expended
! untold gold on postage stamps and
stationery, and, consulting a theatrical
guide,. mailed the scrublady's opinion to
i the dramatic editor of every big daily in !
Hie land. I am pleased to ob-erve from !
the newspapers that New York is indors
ing the scrub lady's verdict; it just shows
how women are coming to he front.
iI^AEIE Evelyn.
Baldwin Theater.
To-morrow night "Ma-beth" will be
presented at the Baldwin Theater, with
Haworlh in the title roie and Mme. Mod
jeska a3 Lady Macbeth. Little need be
J -aid of the Polish actress' impersonation
j of the Thane of Glamis' wife, for it has
almost become a matter of dramatic his
tory. , Haworth's admirers say that he has
i no superior on the American staee to-day
i in the role of Macbeth. Tee Shakespearean
! play is announced for Monday, Tuesday
and Saturday nights. '"Mary Stuart" will
be played on Wednesday ana Friday even
| ings and at the Saturday matinee, and on
I Thursday night "Adrienne Lecouvrier"
] will form the bill. '
After the Modjeska season Louis James
will come to the Baldwin with "Sparta
, cus, 1 ' which will run for the first week.
j He is said to have achieved a distinct suc
i cess in this prize play by Dr. Bird, which
! was originally written in answer to a com
petition opened by Edwin Forrest.
Golumbia Jheater.
" The Prodigal Father" will open a
week's engagement at the Columbia to
morrow night. It is a bright and catchy
| farce-comedy, seasoned with vocal, instru
| mental and. other specialties. The plot
j centers round the escapades of . Stanley
| Dodge, who is going on an exploring cx
i pedition into Africa, but misses his ship
through dining with an actress. When
he r turns home Dodge gives his family to
understand that he has been to Africa,
I and has to do xome pretty tall lying to
kpep up the fiction respecting his adven
tures. His agony. in trying to sustain the
deceit ; s one of the funniest things in the
,play. The company includes. Jeanette
; Ardelle, Mme. Lorella, Miss Marjorie
: Melville, Miss Carrie Graham. Lynn
Welcher, Charles Boyle, Mat M. Wills; D.
J. Haplin, Frederick Wals, George Nich
ols and Titenia, the famous dancer. She
| appeared at the Olympic and, at the Ca
i stno, New York, during the entire sum
mer in the production of "In Gay New
York."
CJrarvd Opera-J-louse.
"Tbe Westerner," a play new to Pan
Francisco, though an established success
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
in the East, is to be produced at Morosco'.-*
to-morrow evening. It belongs to that
class of comedy-dramas in which a bluff
pioneer, a veritable diamond in the rough,
employs vast wealth in deeds to which I c
is prompted by a heart as sympathetic
and tender as a woman's-
One of the features of "The Westerner"
wiil be the appearance of Lorena Atwood
as leading lady. She is a clever young
woman whose uncle. Fred Bert, the man
ager of William A. Brady, was one of the
prime mover* in the construction of the
Grand Opera-house. John J. I'ierson is to
be the villain, and Edward Heron, Jul a
Blanc and Lottie Williams have extremely
funny parts as a family from the country
making their first visit to New York.
The cast also includes Mortimer Snow,
Fred Butler, Frank Hatch, George
Niohr.Us, Bert Morrison and Fred F. ir
banke.
At the /Ucazar.
To-morrow night Gillette's Madison
! square Theater success, "A Legal Wreck,"
will be seen. Jt tells a B'ory of the lives
of the dwellers by ihe rork-bound coast of
• New England, and its pathos is t ffset tiy
the humor introduced by the author in
bringing into to* story the foibles of
fashionable Boston. The entire company
will appear in the play, which will be
! mounted in the usual careful s;yle of the
' A'caztr. In t c second act a scenic effect
i will be seen in the "cliff scone." winch
I will show the rocks of the New England
j coast swept by the stormy waters oi tne
i Atlantic. Tne la fc t performances of "All
j the Comforts of Home" will be given at
the matinee to-day and to-night.
JiVoli Opera-House.
Notice will be found in another column
of last night's performance of "Aladdin,
| or the Wonderful Lamp," an operatic
j spectacle in four acts, written by R. C.
White and set to music by Max Hir-ch
tieid and Carl Mertens. The performance
j abounds with brilliant scenic effects, bal
leis,-up-to-dato specialties, etc-., and is no
doubi booked for a Jong run.
At the Orpheum.
A. L. Guille, the well-known tenor, has
been brought from Geneva, Switzerland,
by Gustav Walter and will sing operatic
arias this week. Ward and Curran, the
comedian and singer, who for years were
of the Clipper quartet, will make their
first appearance at the Orpiieuni. Their
act is said to be one of the funniest of its
I kind.
The aerial nnd operatic billets, directed
by Messrs. Kiralfy and Ni.'lson, will be
seen for the last times and Siella Karl, a
tiny danseuse, will assist Arnold Kiralfy
and Miss Sadie Langdon after their eccen
tric danre.
The popularity of the Royal Hungarian
Court orchestra is growing steadily. Bes
sie Clayton, Alcide Capitaine, iho Franiz
family, Wilson and Waring, Binns and
limns will remain on the bill.
Jkt the Chutes.
The Chutes will be reopened to-day an
for a week at least there will be all'kinds
of fun at tne Haight-street grounds. The
Hagihara troupe of Japanese acrobats will
perform this afternoon and evening on a
big. permanent aiajie, erected at the foot
of the lake, and at 4 o'clock ihere will be a
balloon ascension by Emii Markeberg.
The Chinese population has decided to
hold forth at the Chutes during the New
Year week, beginning to-morrow, and
ever}* alternoon and evening there will be
som thing interesting and curious done
by the Mongolians.
The animatoscop9 is on exhibition every
night.
Symphony Gor\cert
The following is tbe programme ar
ranged for the first symphony concert
next Thursday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.
Tue concerts this season will be given at
the Columbia Theater: "Eine Faust"
overture (W'atrner); symphony No. 1,
D major, op. GO (Dvorak), first time in thi
C ty; air from the 'Queen of Sheba"
(Gounod); marche, "Slave" (Tschaikow
skv), lirst time in this City. Soloist, Mrs.
Katherine Fleming Hinricbs, contralto.
Gustav Hinr ; chs will conduct the orches
tra of tiity-five selected artist?, and Sis
mund Beel will be concert master.
Testimonial Gor\cert.
The San Francisco Oratorio Society will
tender a grand testimonial concert to its
conductor, Jarues Hamilton Howe, on
Wednesday evening next, at the Associa
tion Auditorium. The first part of ihe
programme will consist of selections from
Mendelssohn's "Hymn of Praise," in
which the Oratorio Society will sing the
choruses. There will be several other in
terestine choruses. The full list of solo
is s is as follows: Mis-* Amanda Cor
corun, soprano; Mi«s Maud Fay, soprano;
Miss Gra c L. DjVis, soprano; Mrs. S.
Homer Heril-y. contralto; Mrs. W. J.
B.tcuelder, pianiste; Mrs. L. J. Murdoch,
pi:tniste; Miss Maude Noble, trombone;
Frank Coffin, tpnor; S. homer H-nlft'v,
barytone; t)>" Pi-.ctic trie — Misa Pearl
Noble. Miss Mildred A. Clark, Miss Maude
Noble, assisted by Miss Iselle V 7 au I';'",
and Bernard Molienhauer. violin sul is;.
The testimonial is a tribute to Mr.
Howe for his earnest and enthusiastic
work in the cause of oratorio m th.s City
and State. At present the ociety is re
hear-inu' Handel's "Messiah," ami Mme.
Genevra Jolinstone Bisnop of Chicago has
been engaged :<<r the public performance
as soprano saioist.
Trebelli Goncert.
At her concert to be given February
9th at the California Theater Mile. An
toinette Trebelii will sine, among other
numbers, "Ah. Fors' c Lvi" from "La
Traviata." some Grieg numbers from the
"Peer Gvnt" suite, Nedda's balatella
from "I Paeliacci," the Jaushing song
from Auner's "Manon Lf-scaut," and
Chopin's last mazurka, "Aime Moi," set
to words and arranged by Viardit.
Mile. Trebelli is a native of Paris and
inherits lyric talent from both sides of
the family, her mother Having been the
famous contralto. Trebelli. and her father
being the well-known operatic tenor, Al
lesandro Bettini. Living in an atmos
phere of music from her childhood, Au
toineite Trebiili early developed a talent
for vong. The great Santley was her
first master, and sho atterward had all
the opportunities that Paris could afford.
For th>- lat>t few years she has been an
important factor in the concert world in
England, and lias also met with success
in Holland, Russia, Germany and in this
country.
A JW J4ass.
On Sunday, the 7th inst, a new mass,
written by A. Lecher, a local musician,
wi'i be performed at the French church —
Notre Dame dcs Victoires, on Bush street.
A good deal is expected from the new
work, as some of the composer's music
has received the approbation of masters
such as Paderewski and Mars;cif.
A Lady Violinist.
Miss Valesca Schoocbt, a younp Callfor
nian who has won a good deal of success
in Europe as a violinist, has just returned
home from abroad. She is the daughter
of Professor Frederick Scboocht, who has
been master ot music since 1871 at St.
Mary's College. She was born in this
City and attended the Fairrnount School,
from which she graduated, finishing her
education in Weimar, Saxony. Her
music studies! were chit fly pursued in Ber
lin, where she took private lessons from
Frits Strnss, concert meister of the Royal
Opera, and from Herr Markus, master of
the Royal High School of Music at Berlin,
ironi whom she studied over a year.
After tnat she attended the Royal Acad
emy, studied under the great Joseph
Joachim ana became a favorite pupil of
his. She graduated with high honors at
his school.
Miss Schoocht is said to dp the owner of
a Stradivarius valued at $2500. She will
give a concert at Golden Gate Hall on
Thur-dav evening, February 25. when she
will play on her precious instrument.
Olympic Dramatic Glub.
The first entertainment and ball of the
Oiymp c Dramatic Club will tak«; place
this evening at the San Francisco Turn
Hall, 323 Turk street, when the romantic
drama, "Rip Vun Winkle, or the Sleep of
Twenty Years," will be produced under
the stace management of Henry Maret.
The officers of the club are: J. P. Groed
jens, president; Francis Krull, secretary;
F. L. Griffith, treasurer. The members 01
the cast include: Henry Maret, J. P.
Groedjens.H. E. Griffith, Frederick L. Grif
fith, Jeanette Harowiiz, Miss Josi.e La
Fontaine, Frieda R»hn, James Morton.
Frank Krull, Gu3 Audibertb, Louis Frank
lin and Miss M. Isabeil F. Copp»ge.
BacorvJYlirvetti Gorvcert.
The excellent programme of the Bacon-
Minetti concert, which takes place next
Saturday af.ernoou at the association
auditorium, has already been published
in The Call. Tnere will be a string quin
tet and Miss Daisy Cohn will De the
vocalist.
Dramatic Brevities.
Oscar Hammerstein is writing a new bur
lesque to be presented at his Olympia In the
spring.
M dieska's tour of the State will include
San Diego, Los Angeles, Fresno, Stockton and
Oakland.
The patronage of women is generally re
garded as the most substantial element of a
star's success.
The Illness of Olga Xethersole is bo serious
that she has been compelled to cancel her en
gagt-ment in Philadelphia.
New Yok is soon to nave another com.c
opera. It is called "Tne Star-spangled Tol
lar." Many surprising novelties are to be in
troduced.
For the London production of "Shora
Acres," James A. Herne intends taking over
his entire Amer can company, the same
wnich he is bringing West.
George Bowles, the uiannger of ''Chimmie
Fadden," is expected to arrive here in a day
or two to prepare fur the opening of his com
pany at the Columbia Theater.
There were so many women at the first mat
inee cf "Heartsea-e" that Henry Miller began
a speech with ••Ladiu-— and ladies." Three
men and ab jv iudi^nantly left tha buiiding.
Mrs Bur-iett still claims to be at oddi with
the Frohmans over the question ol who will
piay <:ionnda in the "Ltdv of Qualitr." Mrs.
jlui no tt wants Ella ibeth Cnlhoun, while I)an
lel Frotimaa wants 01, -a Netiiersole.
At the Lyctum Theater, N?w York, last
Monday r. new jilay entiiled "The Firs.t Gen
tleman of Europe" was produced with .suc
cess. T:u- principal rules wt re tHken by James
K. Hflcket', Miss Maiiti'.-riug, Charles Wolcott
and Felix Morris.
Smith and Rfce are bavins so much suc
cess with "My Friend from India" that they
are organizing a third company to crw»n in
New York at Iloyi's Theater, February 22, {or
mi i'xte:iii"<t cngAiie.at.MiC. Tap cast will in
clude screr.it notable ac on and aolreiios."
Miss Ltura I. Terry, a pianist who is promi
nent in tin; Ensemble ch;b, nude v great hit
last weefc with n waltz which she has com
l>o ■■! entitled, "My Beauty," The melodious
kvo:k was played In the OrrhtMim orch«str«
nn<l •'< 'uught on" w th the audience immedi
ately ie was heaid.
Gertrude Auld, the \\ U-known cantatrice, a
| graduate pupil of Mme. Marchesi at Paris.
I wi.l resume concert wort after two years' rest
i (it Los Angeles. She is booked for concerts t>t
| Stockton and Sacramento Wednesday and
I Thursday evenings next, and later will give a
concert in this city.
.Taraes O'Neill Is seeking self-advertisement
in a unique way. He lays claim to being de
scended from the famous O'Neill, Prime of
Ulster. Ho intends to proclaim his illustrious
a-ii-estry by erecting a monument to the great
O'Nei'l. This work of art will probably be
placed at Schenley Park, in Pitlsburg.
It now transpires that the people in the
East have b»en deceived la the fair but false
Anna Held. She was advertised fur and wide
as "the idol of Paris," and on the recommen
dation New York took her to its arms. An
English newspaper correspondent has found
out that Anna Held is always at the Scala, in
Paris, and knows not America.
For the "Our tine Cinderella Company."
which will appear at the Caliiorma Theater on
Monday, February 15, the management has
secured the services of Little Nina Cook, Lit
tle Daisy Gro?an aud Little Gustave Levick.
mnny other, arrangements are also
being completed for the professional debut
of Little Rosina d'Knnery, who is well remem
bered by her success at the late French fair
at the Pavilion.
Miss Ellen Terry is home ngain, and much
bstter for her holiday. A traveling journalist
who nw Miss Terry at Monte Carlo lias con
fided to his renders that h- saw the charming
actress having a little flutter at the tables,
where also he found Mlie. Christine Xilsson
"more intent upou the game thun upon purely
philosop ica.l speculation." When a c : ertaiu
dignitary of the church was asked what was
the duty of an Archdeacon be ausweie.l that
he didn't quite know, but he thought prob
ably it was to fulfill archdiaconal functions.
Maybe the duty of a public writer is to give as
much publicity as possible to public people.
But their little weaknesses— well, really—
KJ-rOF TO-DAr
GON»™
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of ray Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours.
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., 183 Pearl St.. New York.
When writing the Doctor, pteaeo mention this paper
CENTRAL PARK.
TO-DAY Al 2 P. M.
INDIANS vs. ALERTS.
NEW AMUSEMENTS. \
J^Z^Sk §AN ffi pRAIMCISCO. CAt.. estab. iBBr.
E &L^. <ft 4 %1 -LSS'^NGELES CAI-.estm.iss*.
qustan/ y Walter, director General.
NEW YORK OFFICE, Rsvillon Building, 13-15 West St
u'tarrell St.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREAT MU6IC HALL.
"\*7"©©lx. Coxnmouoius 3VToaa.ci.a,y. 3F*o"fc>. X.
JEW HIGH-GRADE NOTABLES! PAST LIPPED! PRESE\TI\SLiIPASiED!
ANNOUNOBMBNT EXTRAORDINARY !
Direct from France, to Fill a Special Engagement at the Orpheum,
C3r TJ I JLm JL, E3 !
'Hie World's Greatest Tenor.
The Principal Comedian and Singer of the Clipper Quartette,
WARD A2STD OXJRPIA.3Sr,
Ani'Tica's fuiinifst Men.
EUROPE'S MARVEL— THE PERFECT WOMAN-THE WORLD'S AERIAL ARTIST,
ALOIDE OAFITA-lISTE.
TRi. . .\DOUS SIC'CESS OF THE CoMOKIIOX DANCER,
BESSIE CLAYTON.
The Most W on..ertul Acrobats on the Face of tno Earth— Full Dress Gymnasts,
THE FPLAISTTZ FAMILY,
JOBS WILSON and BERTHA WARLYG, I BUSS— and BIMS,
The Tramp and Country Maiden. I The Comedy Musical Noblemen.
THb ROYAL t.UNGARIAN COURT ORCHhSTRA,
Composed of Soloists Under the Direction of the World-famed Clarionet Virtuoso and Conductor,
. J-: . F. K. MATUs.
LAST WEE* OF THE ÜBA.VD DOUBLE BALLET,
NILSSON'S AERIAL AND KIRALHY'S GRAND OPERA BALLETS 1
' Gold and frilvt-r— The White Squadron— Cuban Daughters— Country Maidens— Dance
of me Witches— .New .Electrical hffecis— Sew Costumes.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JAN. 31. \
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any s*"at, 10c: Children 10c. any part.
SPECIAL. — H ereatter a 1 orders by 'I el"phone will rccivp prompt atten lon until 8 P. m.
BALDWIN THEATER. f*ZFZg££-
'lO-XO&tOW (JIOSDAY), FEB. I— LA^T 6 MGHTS-LAST JIATISEE
MODJESKA
Assisted by MR,. JOSEPH HA"WOK,TK and a Complete Company.
TUE^D A a VY Y N nPgh T T SM ACRFTH^ ModJeskaasLady Macbeth
SATURDAY NIGHT "*'**■•' *-**-* 1 * IJMr.1 JMr. Haworth as Macbath
Wednesday and Friday N'grhts and Saturday Matinee,
STUART
With the Great Cast— ll »DJE-KA as the Quean of Scots, MR. HAWmrth as Mortimer, MRS.
KIKifcKTO.N as Elizabeth, iIK. LOXEttGAN as Leicester, MR. OSBOURNE as P«ulet. etc.
THURSDAY EVENING, ) inniPlUll" I A AllllflPgin
One Special Perrormance) H IB I til II L lib UU U 1 lI C UII
EXTRA MONDAY NEXT, FEB. 8 The Eminent Actor, MR.
LOUIS J"^5L3^^E3S
Supported by GUY LINI,SLEY, ALMA KnUGcßaid a Superior Company
In a Magnificent Scenic Production of
SPARTAOUS."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
t KIKDLAN D KB. GOTTLOB CO.. Lessees and Maaagera.
a AND PilOW COMES THE ACME a
ttf OF THEM ALL! M
fAI^D COMES THE ACME H
? OF THEM ALL! M
HPFAT CAST -
W U *Vn/\l COMEDY. H
W *@« COMEDIANS. \f
*» That Famously. Uproariously Funny Farce-Comedy, J? 1
THE PRODIGAL FATHER!
THIRD ANNUAL REVIEW \ L NEW FEATURES voREOR LESS U
'10-DATt A COMPANY OF 30 PEOPLE.
TITKNIA. MR. CHARLES BOYLE.
JKAN ETTE ARDELLE. MU. MAT M. WILLIS.
M.ME LORKTTA. MR. r> J. HAP IN
MISS 3IAKJORIE FAIR. MR. FREDERICK WALK.
WIBS (HE MELVSLLr;. 51H. ,J<>«El'll VOX S.
MIsS CAKItIE UKAUAM. MB. GiSOKGK NICHOLS.
LVNN WKLCHKR.
THE GREATEST MIRTH-PROVOKING FARCE-COMEO V EVER WRITTEN.
February 8 CHIMMIE FAD HEX. s
I- ' ■
H/lADnCPH'Q THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
XVI \J fl \J O V-/ \J O I^«t Performances of
grand opera-house "ORPHANS OF NEW YORK."
WAJLTEIiaiOROSCO.. .SoIe lessee and Manager. | ( With Its Two Fire Scenes,
Commencing Monday Evening, February 1,
First Production on This Coast of the Successful Comedy Drama,
THE WESTERNER
An Intensely Exciting Flay— Full of Heart Interest.
A. STORY OF THE STOCK! BOARD !
Charming Music! Graceful Dancing! Delightful Comedy I
Ev ninjf Prices— loc. '5c and s'c. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
_ _ ,_ _ __ _ m* l.nst Perfonnanwn'
Als* Si e« fcl To-Day, Matinee &
ULiIH^.MEI i-»t. ..f •■All th«
r * — wrM * olrßß * Comforts of Home. "
MONDAY FEBRUARY 1
ANOTHER GREAT SUCCESS!
Gillette's Famous Comedy Drama.
"A LEGAL WRECK."
The Banner Play of the Madison-square The-
ater, New York.
Pres-nt<»d for the first time at popular price*.
Bet<utifull •' stated. Realistic scenery and effects.
bee th*' rock-bound New England coas: and trie
reproduction of an Atlantic gale in tbe Cliff scene.
HUGO TOLAND, J. B. POLK
And All tbe Favorites
Prices, 15, 25, 35, 50 cento. Phone for Seats-
Black 991.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Next Thursday Afternoon at 3:30.
CIDCT sjSTrjwcisco
rlftO I SkMPOOMCOMRT.
56 Artists. Gustav Hinrichs, Conductor.
SOLOIST,
Catherine Ficmming-Dinriclis, Contralto.
For the First Time in This City,
Dvorak's Symphony No. 1, in D Major.
Tsch lik nivsky's "March Slave."
Reserved seats $1 and 50c. General Admission 60c
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN
CALIFORNIA THEATER
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
ONE NIGHT ONLY.
Tuesday Evening, February 9.
first Appearance here of the Famous
PRIMA DONNA SUPKAN".
MLLE. ASTOI\ETTE TR BELLI
Assist-d by Uustav Hmr chs' OrrtMtra of Fifty
Mv Iclans. Received seats on «a c irlday. Feb-
ruary 5, at 9 o'clock a. m, Price 50c, $1 a id *1 50.
THE CHUTES.
(Weather Permitting).
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE HA«IHARA TROUPE OF JAPANESE
ACROBATS! ORii WAY. Trick Bicycle Rider!
BK(.\V >, the One-Le.ged Cyciist! New
Scenes by the ANIMaTOsCOPK.
? BALLOON ASCENSION!
*!m By EMIL MARKEBERQ
♦j|* 4:30.,
Admission. 10 cents: Ch ldren. 5 cents.
SUTRO BATHS.
. Open Dally From 7 A. -i.'to 6 **. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, ml ing Admission — Adults
'isc. Children 3Oc.
General Admtssiou, 10c; Children, sc.
TiVOU OPERA-HOUSi
Miu».J£r3.-I£»tis.-e KRKT.rsra. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT!
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or. THE WONDEKFCL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podge of
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
The New Electric "Danse dcs Fleurs I"
The Floating Palace in Midair !
The Six Little Tailors !
The Superb Ballet of Cleopatras I
The New and Novel Specialties!
PonuH- PHc*s 25c and SO*i
vJ^>L—^* I -^
'rRiCOLAML&GOTTIODft 0?* u»C3AnaMAn»«tRS---
GOOD-BT ! You'll Never See Us Here A rain 1
THBDBVILi'S AUCTION
Complete Change of All Features— Ballets, spe-
cialties. Costumes and Novelties.
New Pantomimic Kpisode.. "Th IJik*. Crazo"
To-morrow Night "The Pr<xii»Bjl Pal her."
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM.
Corner Mason and Kills sis.
Saturday Afternoon, F-l>. 6, at 3 O'clock
Firs: of toe *-e"Ond berles of ibe
; BACOT-MWETTI EISEIBLE COJSCEBTS.
t-oloists— Ml-S DAIS* COUN, Soprano: 31153
A. BACON, Pianist.
ADMISSION. 50c; RE-EKVRD SKATS, $1.
-eats on sal •a: UT.liam '. Bacon's, 1H Tost sl,
on and after Thursda ■, l-'ebrtiary -i.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
( NGLESIDE TRACK).
The only Peneo; later Raco;rac<c m Amerl:».
RAClG^^^^ RACING
___ \
Racing From Monday, Jan. 2 5, to Satur-
day, February 6, Inclusive. -
Five or More Races Daily. Rain or Shins.
MUST i.ACE AT '£ P. 31. .
Take Southern rntUlo train* at lnlrl an I
Townse:id sts. depot, leaving a: 1 and 1:20 p. m.
Faro for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds, »1.09. .
laice Missions: electric line direct to traci.
The Tavpey Stab s Saturday, January 30.
The Uobari stnkes Saturday, February 6.
A. B. SI'UtCKKLa, fre.iid«a-
W. S. Leaks, Secretary.
COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH.
New Meeting- Place— Golden Gate Hall.
subject TO-MORROW NIGHT (Su-idav),
"•he J<eligl«m of the iJOth entury."
Poors open at 7:15. £<srvi es at 7:45.
BtV. H Ait OLD BOLUE, Pastor.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMAUY- OF THE MAKKKXS.
Rank C'.earingi continue to gain.
Silver about the same.
Wheat ana Bar futures higher.
Oats an I Rye weaker. Corn depressed.
Colored Beans firmer.
Flour quiet at tlie decline.
Hay an I Feeds tuffs unchanged.
lo atops, Onioas aud Vegetables quiet.
1 Butter weak. Cheesedlito.
Another decline in t^;s.
Pool ad Garaedul.
Pears almost gone.
i ecreasiug imports of Prunes.
Provisions quiet.
H'diM v, p ichange 1. ■ . ■
Good t.ade iv Wool.
Quicksilver advanced.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
______ -
Produce Exchange Call iiDard sales' 111 January
■were 115,700 tons wheat and 20 80J lons'Bartey.
Korjhe <rop year of IS9S-97 to date they are
l.;-.>...:U0 tons Wtieat au I . 38,50U tons Barley.
UAN'K CLEAEING3.
local hank roarings last week were ?12,185.539,
tgtdnal fU.989.7tJ9 for the anno weeK 111 1896.
The clearings for January were 855.916,432
against §54482. for Jaiuary, IK9B.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. Thetop3gnr«t
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if auy. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pqjn s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiirh" means hlsh l.aromeiric pressure and
Is usually acconiDanlcd by fair weather: . --low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather ana rain*.
••Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
end lew alon? the const, and the isobars extend
north and south along th* coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with. isobars o»
marked curvature, rain so.ith of Oregon is improb
able. Witha"hlgß" in the vicftiity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to thf- California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
wetuh?r in winter. The reverse of these conditions
nil produce an opposite result.
WEATHEK BUKJEATJ lEPOKT.
MTKn states lietap-tment or AORICtJIr
tirk, Weather Bcbkau, I'banci.sco, Jan.
30. lf9T. 5 P. M. — Wealher condiiions acd general
Th" : [lowing are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared witu those of the sim- da;> las: sea
son and ralnfal: for .he past twenty-four hours:
-ion 23.8 L, pas: 24
:. ours .12: 1 - jon 18.67. lasj
j4 hours .00; s»i Iraii isco i- 8, l:s; season
12.24. pnst 24 hours .04; Fresno 5.13. last season
4.09. p.ist 24 hours .02; San Lois Oblspo 11.68,
.ison Ji 25, past 24 hours — : Los Angele*
874 - Xi >n 5.91, past -4 hours — ; San
Hie^o 6.84, irs; season 2 80. past 24 hours — ;
Yuma 4.66 last seasjn .40, l as: 24 hours — .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 47. mean 50.
The storm which was central ever Vancouver
Fri ay morniDg has movea rapidly overwind, and
the second storm is central to-night off the i rcgoa
and Washington coast. High southeasterly. wi ds,
with heavy rain, may be expected iion-; the coast
from San Francisco northward for the next 3o
hours. Rain has fallen from San Francisco to
Seattle.
ihe pressure has risen over Wyoming. Utah
and Southern Idaho, it has also risen over
bout hern California and Arizona.
I he temperature has [alien over the Sacramento
Valley aid also in Utah. Elsewhere it has re
mained stationary.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Can by, 36 miles an hour, from the
j southeast: Eureka. 32 miles, from the southeast.
southeast norm sii?Da:s art- displayed along the
coast of California from Son Francisco to Kureka.
Forecast, made at San Francisco for 30 hours
coding midnight, January 31, 1897.
Northern < alifornia — Showers early Sunday
racrnibjf and in th- t:ortlK-rn portion Sunday aft
ernoon fresh southeasterly wind*.
southern California — Cloudy Sunday; fresh
southeasterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday and probably rain in
northwest portion: cooler in northwest portion.
Utah— Cloudy Sunday.
Arizona— Fair (Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity ßain Sunday morr>
in.-, probably clearing in the afternoon: fresh
southeasterly winds. 4 uxakdbb McAd:k,
Local i'orecait Official.
NEW YOiiK MARKETS.
Financial.
KEW YORK, N. V., Jan. SO.—The tone of the
»eenrlty markets was the Inactivity In bonds.
The dealings la that department, reached the
enormous total for a half holiday of $2,261,000
and prices moved up anywhere from % to 2Va
per cent. The inability to lend money at anything
like paying rates accounts for the steady absorp
tion and advances in mortgages. The rise in bonds
led to extensive purchases fox both accounts, and
the railroad and miscellaneous list scored material
pains Long Island led thelist in point of advance,
rising 3<V2 to 5- on the announcement of the
sale of ' .he Corbin stock. Northern Pacific
preferred led in point, of activity, advancing to
15% for the common and to 383' 8 lor the Dre-
Jerrcd, and the grangers moved up to the b-st
figures of tie wee».
In the general list of industrlalsG eneral Electric
and Sugars were the most prominent. Speculation
closed strung, wi'.h an advancing tendency. Net
change* show tains of Vi to '£ percent, local sales
were. 1 1 3,500 shares
The marKet for bonds was active and strong.
Hock Valley consolidated lives rose 1%: Ann
Arbor fours, 1%: Fort Worth and Denver City
firs sixts. -.3.,: iiene «1 Electric debenture .fives,
y g ; Iron Mountain consolidated fives, IVa: Kan
fius Pacific consolidated sixes certificates, 1 i:
Kansaa and Texas of Texas first fives, 1; Minn,
and bt. Ltuls consolidated fives, 1; New Jersey
Midland fir^t >',- .-. 2Vs: Northern Pacific third
sixes. 1; Northern i-acitic consolidated fives, 1^;
do Montana first sixes, I*4: do sixes, 1 1 /*, and
Western New York and Pennsylvania general
fours, 1.
In Government bonds coupons of 1925 sold
at 124.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull; steady. Winter Wheat, low
grades. $2 30(<$-' 35 ; fair to fancy, $3 50<g,4 75;
do patents, Si 95Cai5 15; Minnesota c ear, $3 60
(c:i: ;!o straighta, $4@4 15; do patents, $3 95@
£.: low extra*. *'_' Su@ ; 35; City Mills, $.',©s 25;
do patents, ?5 20©5 45: Kye m x ure, $3(g»3 50;
sup«'ir.ne, %'l 5 'j-H '10: fine, $.' bO©3 IS.
• southern in. ur, dull; common to fair ex
tra. $ 3 .:o@3 66: good to choice do. $3 75@4 05.
Bye flour, quiet, stead}', at $2 75@3 05.
CORN DuII, steady. Yellow Western,
$1 »o©-' 50.
1 ••■>.- Dull, steady. Western, S8y 2 @39cc.L f.
Buffalo.
Ua ULEY- Quiet; :8y 2 cc. 1. f. Buffalo.
WHEAT- Spot market fairly active, firmer: f.
o. b. , 91i/ic; ungraded red, 76@95c; No. 1 North
ern. 883 4 .
Opt •<<); fairly active and irregular, closing firm
at iVs' 2 o advance. Mai* ami June most act
ive. '.No, 2 red. February, 84c; .March, 85c: May,
82V*c; July. 896'gc.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
-4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
i knti.-a 1. onzci
e23 Market St., Palace Hotel. I'urly <fc Atkinson,
.Mkiin its. Tel. .Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
ICooni) Tel. Main IU9I.
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Alanazers.
Orders instantly executed oa latest market quo
tat ions. Preference Ist National Bank, S. F.
tinCAOU i'iUVAIJi. WlKii .\tW YUUK. |
CORN— Spots dull, firm. No. 2, 29ViC elevator,
iiOVjt ■ afloat. , ,
Options dull and firm at unchanged prices to %c
advance. May and July only traded in. Febru
ary, 2914 c; May, 3014 c; July, 313/ c.
OATs- rpot quiet, ii.to.
Options dull, steady: February. 21 '■ .c: May,
221/ 4 c; July, 23c. >
spat prices: .\o. 2 white. 24c: No. 2 Chicago,
22%« No. 3, 20y 4 c: Nu. 3 whit?. 22c; miAeil
Weaceru, 22©'^4v-; white do, •>3®29Va l -"'
Provisions. .
'« FT— Quiet, firm. Western <«t«>n.ro, $4 15,
nominal : City, $.-! eoro3 65; .May, 54 30. nominal;
refiued quiet: Continent. 5-4 45; South Ameri
can, $4 7."; compound, 4' ; 4 ■.
POKK— Quiet. New mesa. $S 25(3:9.
Hi 1!• ! —Quiet: fan y firm. Western Cream
ery, 13@'^0%c: do factory, 7@l4c; Elgins, 1:0®
20% c: imitation creamery, ll[a)l6e.
I ill- Ksk — Strong. Tart skims, og9%c; full
skims. v Vzc
EGOS— Firmer. Icehouse, per case, $2 4l'@3 50:
Western fresh. )8c; limed 13% c.
TALLOW- Dull, City, 3i,4@a5/ 8 c; country, 314
(ZBSi ...c.
CoiTOXSEED OlL— Quiet. Crude, 20c: yellow
prime. '23c.
RlCK— Fairly active, firm. Domestic, 3%(g16c;
Japan. :iy 2 @.S%c.
-M(H.As.~l.s-Quiet. New Orleans, 22@32c.
COl?FKK— Firm to 6 ro.ius up. .February,
$9 35; March. $9 35; September, $s> 61. bpot Bio
steady, quiet: .No. 7. 93. 4 c
SUGAR.— DniL Off A, .-:7 B 'g4c; mold a. 4 Vic;
Standard. A, 41.4 c: confectioners' A, 8 c; tut
loaf, 4%C: crushed. 4~ 8 puwUered, 4%c; granu
lated, »i. 4 c; cubes, 4%c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc; cotes. lC@lsc.
}1,-i Hl'.fc— Feelei, ooxes 12V3@15c; unpeeled,
bags 7@9~. .-*„■..•
PKLNES-Four sizes. 43/i®4T/ B e.
RAISINS— Two crown li.M. 4>ve. : three crown,
6%: four crow 1, 6V2; London laye"rs,sl 40©$l 60;
clusters, $1 to@l 90
A MuNDS—eioft shell, B@B%c; do paper shell,
XI (d 1
\WALNTJTS— Standard, 7c; soft shell, 9c.
HuPS— Pacific Coast. 3@l3c.
wool.— Good demand, firm. Pulled, lS@3lc;
Texas. 7@l2c
Merchandise.
TIG IRON— Firm. American. Sll@l3.
COPPKR— Firm. Lake. $12. '
LF.AD-Firm. Domestic. .- * 07y 2 @3 la
'UN— Dull. Straits, Sl3 55&13 65; plates,
quiet.
SPKLTEK— Quiet. Domestic, *3 8554.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. 111., Jan. 30.— After a week of un
interrupted bear success it was but natural that
: the wheat market should show some firmness
during the session on covering purchases a. one.
Liverpool cables offered encouragement to hold
ers, an advance of %@l% being reported at that
place. The bearish sentiment was still prevalent
early and soon afterward there wa* a downward
movement of 8,4 c. This was followed by a rally
which carried prices higher than they were ear
lier. Exports for the week (both coasts) were
light a 2.155,000 bushels.
Receipts in ihe Northwest were lUnt at 169 cars
against 176 last Saturday and 480 a- year »lo
Chicago receip.s were 41 cars and inspections out
were 41,381 bushels Closing continental cables
were higher. Atlantic seaboard clearances were
moderate at 200,285 bushels. The market was
Irregular In the las: hour, closing firm at onenini;
figures. May wheat opened ironi ~i' 1 .2 <: t0 75 Vi".
sold between •74'-/g@76c, cosing at 75%e. %@%c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts tor
Monday 4"> cais. No 2 red, spo . wheat ranged
from 83" (<l86c, closing at 84%(485y 3 c.
' CORN — a -hade better prices were quotable In
corn early la the session, but the weakness of
wheat after the first flf.een minutes had au ad-
Terse effect. Subsequently wuen the rally In Hie
leading market occurred there was apparent
strength In the tone of corn. Liverpool was up
V±d. Receipts were 136 cars, and 22,190 bushels
were withdrawn from s ore. Exports for the week
amounted to 3.011,00i> bushels. The feeling was
finally weak on sales by early buyers, no support
being afforded prices. Export clearances at At
lantic ports were 403 940 bushels. May corn
opened at -•!'■_■''. Bold between 'Zi^i'Zic, closing
at 24yg@24Vkc, ysfgVi^urider yesterday, Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 520 cart.
O.vTS- Were in good demand, and a fairly ac
tive trade was noted. The action of wheat and
corn served as a gu;de fur trader-!, trie .one vary
ing to correspond therewith. Receipts were 200 •
c:ir-. There were no withdrawals from store. .
Exports were 30,401 bushels. May oats closed
ya'iVifi lower. Eat. mated receipts »or Monday
•65 cars.
V . AX- Was steady. Cash No. 1. 74y 2 c; North
western. 7dy 3 c: May. 76%@77c: Juiy. 781/4R
nominal; September. 79%t. .Receipts were i 9
cars.
Pa VISIONS— Five cents advance in hog prices
this morning was instrumental in sirenethemng
the tone 01 the product market. There was rather
free -ring, however, and the cany advance was
not sustained. -May pork cloned 2 1 > i lower than
yesterday; May lard and ribs each a shale lower. |
BUTTER- The butter market wan steady to- j
day. There was a good demand, bur fine makes !
were wanted to the exclusion 01 other kinds.
Creameries— 2oc: extras. 18@:9c: Craw. 17(<£l8c; j
seconds,l4(al6c: imitation?, fancy. i:-.@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c; firsts. 14(516c: seconds. 9(S<-t)a
Ladles— Extras, ltifellc; nrsts, »%tfM%c; puLAUi£
nock. «Ci grease. 2%@3c; roil butter. 10c.
jSijGS— Were easy ; the demand iv.s restricted
by the prospect of an early heavy supply. Frtsn
stock 16V?c 9 dozen.
MONEY— Was 4y 2 on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 50c discount.
losing Prices. <
WHEAT — January, 7334 c; May.. 75%e;
July, 723/ a ,< ■
CORN— January, aid- 1 ie: May, 24y s 'g;
24 1 ,ic; September, 2SVi*2fi3 B e.
• •aTS— January, 151/20: May, 17%@18c; July,
18%@18%c,
J 1, i.n— January, $7 72%: May. $7 82%.
LAUD— January. $3»7V a : May, $4.
l.liib— January, $ 3 87%; Slay, *4 02y .
. Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ilt,. Jan. 33 — Prices
of cattle are rather low in spite of the small
receipts. The foreign demand is good, but choice
export beeves are not coming here in large num
bers, the bulk of ihe offerings being half lat steers |
of medium quality. The ent.re week's receipts j
were only 41,700 bead and the January receipts
foot up lt>B, -43. as com par d with ■-37.76.-i in
January. 1896. and 288,683 in January, 1892, a
time when there was an abundant supply :hroa h
cut the West, and yet with such meaner receipts
prices are low. Butchers' stuff and feeding cattle
are selling well, however, there being a g.lO : de
mand to snip to interior points.' The offerings o- |
day w-re light and the tone of the mar~e. st ady.
The total run of hogs for the wefk were 156.4 1 5
bead an I for January but 763,200 head, as com
pared withß7B.li*s in January, 1895; 1.068,260
in January, 1891, when sup;> tes were plen lful.
The ogs now being market d are choice and of
uniform quality, heavy weights'predominatin- 1 . I
and the range of pricei 13 narrowing. .\exi wee :
receipts are likely to be larger unless the weather j
turns severe a : . am. Prices were firm to 5c higher.
Both slieep and lambs are in active demand and
prices ore full ■ as hlgn as a week; ago. Fed West
ern stock comprises the buik of the offerings, and
such flocks sell well, particularly cood, fat handy
weight Western sheep. The market to-day was
firm.
CATTLE— Receipts, 800. tancy beeves, $5 10
©5 35: choice to prime 1350@17i>0 Ib steers. $4 80
<£5 10; good to choice l'-'50(§j.500 tt> steers. «4 40®
4 75: medium steers. 12U0@1350 »is. $4 05©4 36;
fair beef steers. 900@115U lbs, f.i &o<gti On; com
mon beef steers, 950(alll50 lbs, S.I ,;O(dH 75: good
to prime stock era ana feeders. if 3 70^4 15: fair to
good stockers and freders. $3 :5.53 05; bulls, choice
to extra, $3 3((313 75: cows and heifers, choice to
prime, $3dO@lJs; cows, fair to choice, $2 50®
a 50: cows, common to fair cann«-r«. $1 70@2 45;
calves, gooa to fancy, $6 7C(a.O 25; calves, common
to «ood. S3@s 60: 'lexss cows and bulls. 52 6U®
3 60: milkers and springers, '■& head, *2,(<i40.
MuGS— Receipts, j 6,000. Heavy packiug and
shipping lots, $3 3503 52%: common to choice
mixed, $3 KO<2»3 65: cnoice assorted, $S -.^(a)
3 55; light, $3 56#S 57y a : pigs. $3 30@3 57%.
BHEKP— Receipts. 2udO. Inferior to Ciioice,
f2 5(j(&3 9u; lambs, (3 50.&5.
Kecelptg at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Jan. 30 — nOt»«— R<»
ceipts, 5000; steady M» strong. Light and mixed,
$3 i>o<&3 i-ty-y. heavy. S3 20«»3 30.
• CATTLE— rleceip.s. 80 Market renerally ,
steady; cows. 81 60®3 60; feeders, $3(0,3 35:
steers. $3 60® I 30.
bHiiEP— heceiuta. 600. Market steady. Light
Mexican lambs, $4 10.
- Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 30 JTOG3—
cefpts, 4710; opened strong, cosed easier. Light
an! medium, 23 35@3 46; heavy, $3 25@3 40:
plus $:-J@.i 20. -
CATTLE— Receipts, 700; nominal. Native
steers best, $4 15(ct 1 90; fair to good, $3 25
03 45; cows «n 1 uelfers best. $3 15@> 40: fair
to good. 11 75® < 10: bulls $2 25@3 10; stock
eri and feeders. *3 15@:i 65; luxas and Western,
S2 70@3 90; calves. $:>■§?. . >
Isiiii.Jil'— Receipts, 700: steady.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, J 1 xrlianjjp, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call lVi®-^- Prime mercantile pa
per, 3@3VsV. SteriniK exchange dull, easy, with
actualibuslness In milliters" bills a-. i»4 bil/g<g)i 8434
for sixty days and £4 86V3@4 H634 fur demand.
Posted rates. $4 85@4 871/2 Bar silver, 64 i-16c.
Mexican dollars, &U%(teslV2C. Commercial bills,
$1 83%©4 84. Government oonds strong; ht»te
bonds steady ; railroaa bonds active and higher.
Silver without sale.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Te' « Cable... «7 North American... 434
Atcblson IB Northern .Pacific. . 15^ a
Preferred 25Jjfo Preferred 38y 8
Adams Express. .. . Northwestern.. 104»/4,
Alton, Terre Haute 56 ' Preferred 166
American. KxpresslO9 X V Central 936/8
American lobacco 74%'N Y. ClilcaKOibatlj 12
Preferred 10'JVb Ist preferred 70
Bay fctate Gmb 11% 2d preferred...... 27
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 15 S V <fc N H 175
ErunswlcK Lauds. */$ N V & Km- Enj... 38
Buffalo, Koch &P. 16% X V Hnsq & W....
Canada Pacific ■ 65 Preferred "8%
Canada (Southern.. 43 Ontario -261,4
Canton Land ".. 60% Ontario <fe Western
Central Pacific 12% Oreitonlmprovmnt 1&%
Ches it Ohio.. 17% Pre:e-red .— 7-
Chicago A1t0n. ....165 Oregon Navigation
Preferred. ..'.".. ...172 Oregon Short Line. 13
Chicaao, B &.Q.... 761,4 Pacific Mall ... 16
Chicago 111.... 39 | Peona. D & Evans 25%
Preferred 90 Plttsburg *\V ufd. 15
CnicapoGas 78%'Pmlm8n Palace.... 167%
Clev*" <fe PittsDurg.looViiQuicksiiver 1
Consolidation CoaL 3» ' Preferred 12
Consolidated U*».. 147 Vi 1 Beading. 26%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
CCC&StliOuis... 2K14 RloGronde&Westa 12
Preferred 75 j 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel & Irca.. SHsVfc:Rock Island 68»4
Preferred . to KomeWat&Oeden. liys ;
Cotton Oil Cert 12 jbILiSW • 414 :
Commercial Cable. 160 I Preferred H%|
Del Hudson 1075, 8 st Pau1.'....:....... 77
Del LackiWestrn. 152^3! Preferred :.i33 -
Denver <fc R G IH/4 Paul Duluth.. 20
Preferred.. 45 I Preierred 86
Distillers. St Paul <fc Omaha.. 50%
General Klectrlc... 353/ 4 Preferred.. 133
Kr1e..... 15 St & ii.*....... 114
Preferred 34% Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 115(5 .southern Pacific. 15V* |
Great Northern pfdl2U southern Hli D 3 i*
(.reen Bay. I Preferred Z»Va
Harlem 292 sugar Refinery 137»/ 8
Hocktuft c0a1.. . ... W4l Preferred 103 V
Hocking Valley.:. 113»Tenn Coal & Iron.. »0V 2
Honjestake 85 j Preferred .' 80
H«fc Texai Central | Texas Pacific ..... 9%
Illinois Central.... 84 To! AA & N Mich.
lowa Central. 71/4 Tol Ohio <fc Central 20
Preferred 2*V?| Preferred : 50
Kansas & Texas... 14y B| Tcl st Louis 4KO f>V% 1
Preferred... 3l<hf] Preferred.... 10
Kingston A Per m.. [Union Pacific 7Vs
Lake Erie it Westa 16%'u PDea <_Gulf.... 1 8 /*
Preferred li'-^li b Cordage
Lake Shore 1521/*' Preferred
National Lead 25 Guaranteed
Preferred 91 US Express 38
Long Island 51 C Leather. ... »»%
Louisville & Nash. 513,4 Preferred 62V 8
Louisville.^ AiDny VjUS Rubber 2'.'Vi
Preferred IV4 Preferred 74V*
Manhattan Con 9O%|oiic*it B Ktver...loO
Memphis * Charts 15 Web S L <fe Pacific 6 :i ,4
Mexican Central... 9 j Preferred s /S !
Michigan Central. Ss^i Wells-Farga 9$
AiiniiifcSL- Western Union ti4y3
Preferred Wisconsin Central. si
Minn <fe St L com.. 19ii Wheeling & LE... 2y 8
lstpreltrred 79 j Preferred 10y 2 j
i'dDreferred 47% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64V a |
Missouri Pacific... 22% W U Beef. 6»i
Mobile (ihiu 21 j Ann Arbor 9
Nashville & t hint. B7y 2 Preferred 2554,
National Linseed.. 13 (Brooklyn Traction. 18 3
KJ Central 100y 2 Erie 2d prd. 19
<t Westrn. 12 j American Spirits.. 13%
Preferred 18V*I Preferred 31
CLOSIKO tovus.
Ala (law A 4* 104 Northern Pac lsts.lls
Do Class B 4, 55.1U3 Do 2d-.
Alabama, class C. 98 Do Sds. 82
Atchison 4s 31% Doconsol&s 69%
Do 2ds A 48y 8 Or lmprovmut Ist. 85
Canada South 2rtg.lO7' I Do 6s ISya
Cen Paclstsof'9s. X tt N lsls. HI
Cherokee 4». 1896.104 Doconsol 55.....—
Do 1597 104 Or Short Line 63. ..116
I'OIB9H 134 Do consol 78
L 01899 104 1 Pacific 6s o/ "¥1...
Ches & Ohio 55.. ..110 Plillait Heading 4s Ms
Ch<fcN PTr Kcis 5s 44 Do Ist pfd lncom. 46%
D C 3-655. 109V4 X Orando West lsts 72Va
Den &It Is: 11l =2 st L&lronMtUen6s 76
Do »s B^l2 St L&sFGeu 65..11 iy 3
Erl« 2d« '64 St Paul Consols.... 131
FtW&DenClty lsts 673 -t PC & Pa lsts ..116y
(1 11 & S A 63 107 So Carolina 4%5... 107 14
Do 2i! 7s. 06 Southern X 80a... 90
(ien Elec Deb 5i... !>(> Do Pac Cal lats.. 108
H Tex «cut 65.. .107 Term new 35.. 77%
&*eon6a, 101 Texas Pac lsts 88%
lowa Central lsts.. SJ»%ilexas Pac 2d.i 22
Kansas Pa Consols VtJJ.4 Union Pac lsts 98.10 8
Ks Pa lsts Den Di vl 161/4 DB 4s reg of 1925. 123
La Cotisol 4s. 96% Do coupon 124
Missouri fandlne... : L' S 4s reg of 1907. 111%
M X T ids. 62 1 '"! Do-ls, coupon ll'JVa
Do 4s 841/4 Do2s 96
Mobile * Ohio 45.. 68 i Dots, reg 113&8
Mutual Union 65. .110 j Do ss. coupon 114%
N J Cent Gen 61.. .116% v 8 funding deDt... «S2Vi*
N V C<feStLouis4sios 1 Do registered
.Nor A- West 65117 I Do deferred 65... 5
N Carolina con 4s. 102 Do trust rcpt stpd 6
Do 6s 122 Wabash Ist 5s 106%
NortbwestConsols. 141% Weal enure ia 107
iAJUeO 6» 111%
FOREIGN MARKETS, ■
WHEAT IN I.IVKKPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., Jan. 30.— The spot market
l* firm at 6s id. Cargoes are steadier at 34s 9d,
sellers, promp: shipment.
FCTCBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotation* lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s 51-411: February. 6ssy±d; Jla.cn, 6a 6Vid:
May, OS bVid: June, bs 6.1.
BECTTKTTrxS.
LONDON, Esre., Jan. 30.— Consols, 1126/ 8 ; sil
ver, 29 11-16 d; French Kentes, >lO2f 70c.
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION*.
f-terling Exchange, 60 days. — ?4 861,4
"Sterling Exchange, sight..... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — • 89
New York, Exchange, sight. — ■• 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22%
Fine silver, per ounce — 64 11-iti
Mexican Dollars 52
PEODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AMI OTUEJi GRAINS.
WUICAT-The Queen of Kncland takes for
Cork 73.255 ctls, % - alueJ a k $104,400.
Wheat was firmer everywhere yesterday. 'I he
Improvement here was align; and confined to
futures. Quoted at $1 35©i 40 «* ctl for common
grades, .*1 4'->y 2 for average .No. 1, $1 45 tor choice
and *1 60@l 65 %* cil for extra choice milling. ,
CAT^L I'OARD BAT.KS.
Infobixal. Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo '
ctls. «1 42%: 10.0UO, $1 4VI. 8 . 10,000, $1 42:
»2,U00, $1 421/4- December— 4U.IU, $1 23; 2000,
$1 2234; 2000, i?l 22%: 10,00 ,$1 22%.
BKCOKD session — May — 12.000 cils, $1 42:
8000, »1 41%; 10.000, $1 41%; WOO,. $1 41%:
6000, $1 41%. December — 2^.000, $1 iJ^'sT
10,000, $1 221/4- . ■ .
itKSUUB JIOR.VINO SKSSIOX— Mb.V— 4000 Ctlß.
$1 4Uj; 4000, $1 41%; 4000, $1 4.1%; 2000,
$1 41%. . • '
BAKi-EY — Futures advanced. Spot prices
showed no change. Feed, 75<g,80c ctl; Brewing,
»7yo@asc.\ ; ! . --M-;y .-.-.-
CALL BOARD SALES.
IxrnsM.u. Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2oo3
ctls, 78 V ; 2000. '. 9' 4 '••
i>kc(ixd Keksion— .No sales. — ,
} kgulab MoKNINO fcitssiox— May — 2000 CtlS,
78%-; 2uoo, 79c.
OATS-P rie s show considerable change, gener
ally downward. The market continues very dull.
Fancy Feed quotable at $1 37%®! 45; Common
White, Slfel 10: choice, $1 )5&1 35, according to
quality. i;l«ck tor feed, 95c^$l 05; for seed, $1 10
(4,1 25; Gray, $1 15@i 30; lied. $1 10@l 20; Sur
prise, $1 45@1 65 V- ctl.
CORN— l>u 1 and uncnanged. Large Yellow, 75
@77% c%4 ct.; Small Bound do, 90c; White, 75(q)
77V2t » L ' ll -
RYK— Lower and neglec.ed at 87%fa92%c^lctL
JJCCKVVHtA'I- Quoted a: $1 15©1 25 0 en.
FLOI'K AX« MILLSTUFFS.
No further change
iLUUK— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. $4 8o(a4 95: Bakers' extras. $4 75@4 85;
Superfine $J@j* 35 "?• obi.
iOKXMIiai, K'l (.' Feed Corp, $17@17 60;
Cracked Corn, $17 50^18 i* ton.
UILLSTVrtS— t'rlces in sacks are as follows,
iisu i discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 42 85
* 100 lbs; live Flour, $2 73 %>, 100 &m; Rice Flour, J
$5 75: Cornmeal, $2 .15: extra cream do, $3: |
(.atmeal, $3 60; Oar. Grouts, $4; Hominy, $3 10
@3 30: Buckwheai Hour, $3 2Df<?)3 50; Cracked
Wheat, $3 51); Farina. $4; Whole Wheat Floor.
93; Roiled Oats (bbls), $6 50(3*5 90; Pearl Barley,
S3 75@4; Split Teas, $3 50; urueu do, *4 25 st
100 Its.
HAY ANU FEEDSTUFFS.
Dealers quote the old prices for all descriptions.
BKA.V- *l2 50;*413 lor the best and $13 «»ton
for outs de brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades and
$20(5,20 50 H ton lor the best.
FKEDSTUFFS — Kolled Barley, $18 $ ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 4* ton; jobbing,
$27 50: clipped Oats, $1 3u<gil 50 V < ti
■ ll A V — Wheat, $*(g>ll; Wheat and Oat, S7@
10: Oat, ?o(g)9: Barley. $7@B 50;' Kiver Baney,
?s<s6 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 5": compressed, $6M
9 bU; stock, *5@6: l h.ver. $0&8 t* tun.
b'I'KAW- 2&(sJJOc $ bale.
BEANS and SEEDS.
Colored descriptions are firm, but Whites are un
changed., Llmas are a so stronger.
BEAN'S — Bayos, $1 60:91. 60 •$ ctl: Small
Whiies,«l 15((51 261* ctl; Large Whites, $1(<}1 15 jl
ctl; Pinks, «1 10@l 25: Reds, *1 10@l 20: Buck
eye, $1 10@l 15: Red Kidney, $2 60: Limas, $1 70
62; Butters, SI 25@1 50; Pea, *i i6<a)l 30.
&KKDS— Brown Mustard. $2 50® 2 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 75«2 * jtl; Flax. $136@1 40: Canary
fceed, IS/ifar-iV^c i* tb: Alfalfa, 6yic; Rape. 2y 2 ®
2-*/iC: Hemp, oc; Timothy. 4Va& : .
DRIED PKAS- Niles, »l(gtl 20* ctl; Green,
$1 40©l 50 $ ctl. • - : -• :
POTATOES, LNION-"", VEGETABLES.
' There is no change of .any consequence in any
description. The market Is quiet.
POIATOES— New Potatoes, 2@Sc $ ft: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 26@1 60: Early Rose, 70@80c: Hirer
Keds.6s®7sc; Burbank &eedllnes.6o@7sc Tfr ct! for
Kivcrs and 75c@Sl 15 lor Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. 9Vc@«l U. ,
ONIOKS— «!1 2E@l 75 ft ctl: Oregons, $1 76@2.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c(gfl
f* doz; Hothouse Asparagus, lU(ji2sc 9 lh: Khu
barb, %< box: Los Angeles summer Bquasu,
75c@$l "$ box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, -'5@
50c: Mushrooms. 6@Uoc '?. It); Marrowfat squash.
$s@ft r' ton; Los Angeles 'iomatoes, 60<@tl "c*
box: Dried peppers, 7@Bc ?4 !b; Green Peas, 4©6 c
¥■ It; Los Angeles String Beans, 6«tioc; Dried
UKra, »@9c %i &>; Cabbage. 40(a50c %4 ctl; Carrots,
25@»0c %» sack: Garlic, iy 2 yi;o 1* ft.
BTJTTKK, CHJiKSE A>'D EGOS.
BUTTER— The market Is weak and dealers are
shading top prices for Creamery." 1 ' • - .
Cbkamkky— Fancy Creameries. 20@21c; some
specials bring more: seconds. 18@19c ft lb. .
I)AiBT-F»ny, 16@16c: good to choice, 13®
He: lower grades, 10@12c Silk
PlCK^En— l3@l4c tb.
Firkin— 13<ffi; tc 14 It).
. CBJtAMEBY Tub— lt>(a»lßc 1* Ib. . - ' : - .
CllKESK— Weak, but, nolower. Choice mild new,
lU@IOVzC 1* lb; common it good old, Ba9c: Cream
Cheddar, ll@12c; Young America, lie; Western,
ll@12c: Eastern. 13@14y 3 c. ' ' .
ECUS— Another general decline Is noted. Ranch
: Eggs. 17@19c: store Eggs, 16@16c; Eastern, 14@
16c * doz. •. r
FOCLTKY AND . GAME. ■
POULTRY— Was dull and nominal yesterday. <' ;
Live Turkeys, 12@1 3c f* lb for Gobm.ers. 13®
14c Vi lb or Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c '& lb:
Geese. $* pair, $1 Mi@"i 75: Ducks, $5f<67 f« dozen;
Hens, $3 £o@4 60: Koosters. younx. *4'a.5 t* >ioz:
do, old, |9 cO@4; Fryers, $4(^4 50; Broilers, $3 50 ,
! ®4 25 for large and f2 50@3 26 for small; Pigeons,
! $1 50@2 V doz lor young and $1 lor old.
j . (jAIiK- English >nlpe are quotable at $ 2 50
fa ~A dozen: Jack Snipe, $1 26 %i dozen: Hare, 60
76c; Babbits, $1 60 for cottontails and $I@l 25
I lor small: Gray Geese, $2 60; White Geese, SI;
Brant, .9 1 60; Honkers. $4. . ■ ■
DEOIDUOCS AM> CITKUS FRUITS.
Persimmons are very slow of sale. Pears are
almost gone.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS- »
Apples, 90 @£i i* box for choice, $1 2B@l 60 for
fancy Red, 60@75c fur common; Ktsteru, $1 50
%'i 60 % bbl. ■-"-."-
Pears, 26@80c f* box. • . /
l'erslu.mons, 3b@6sc9boz.
BEKRIKS—
Eastern Cranberries, S6@7 60 bbl.
CITRUS FKUITS— Lemons arc weak. Manda
rin Oranges are higher at $I@l 10 $ box; Navel
1 "ranges *2@2 50; seedlings, Tl(d)l 25: Lemo&s.
75c@$i 25 lor common and SI 50@2 for good to
> choice; Mexican Limes $!> 50@6; California Limes,
$1 50@l 75; Bananas, $1*- '•* bunch; Pineapples,
9i2^tlVdoz. • ■ ■-■ ■- '-•
IT.ILi; FKUITS. KAISINS, NUTS. ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— BIP6?!
The statistical position of the Prune market is
favorable. Imports of Prunes Into the United
States for the fiscal year ended June 30 1894, ag
gregated 8,749,349 lbs: in 1895, 15,311, t)90 lbs
were brought In, In the fiscal year ended June 30,
1596. the shipments of Prunes 10 this country fell
j »it to 483,66s lbs, of which 4'j0.025 lbs came from
i France. Imports for the 11 month" ended Novpm-.
I ber 30, 18»t$, were only 544 084 Ibi, against 3,847,
--880 lbs for the tame period of le«s.
Quotations ou me a" ruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
ÜBiOAO Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for royals and ll%(Vsl2c for choice to fancy
Moorpsirks: Prunes, 3%c for the. 4 sizes. Peaches,
4@5V 2 1 for prime to choice, 6%'o>7c for fancy and
1 9® 10c for peeled in boxes; Apples, 6@5%3 for
evaporated and _@'-V-! c for sun-dried; Pears, 2%
(<£sc for prime to choice, 4@5y a c for quarters anu
t(g)6%c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted uua IV2 C
lor u'upltted; .\ectaTines. 3V^i@4VaC for choice and
5%c »or fancy; W.ilte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 21/4
@2%c, • !
Jobbino Prices— Peaches, 4V»@ 5 %* lb;
fancy, 6%@7y2C %* lb; peeled. 121/2" H»- Apri
-1 cots, 6%®9c %* tb. laucy, 10c; Moorparks. i'/@
13c; evaporated Apples. 5»4c; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 3%@4c tor the 4 sizes: Figs, black, be for
impressed an 3©3.% c for pressed; white l-i^-s, 4c;
Plums. 4%(iftsc '' ir pitted and l%c for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4<g.6c & tb for prime lo fancy: Pears,
2%((i5c for whole, 4%@5y 3 c lor quarters and
I 4V'(* 6l /2C for halves. . . ■ o 1• ; "■* ;,•; »'
KAISINS— ... - -  -
m, Carload Pbictcs — Four - crown, loose, 63/ 8 c;
1 Ihree-crown. 4%0 i* lb; two-crown, 3S/»c V 0>:
seed. ess sultanas, 5%c; seed'tss Muscatels, 4%c;
1 three-crown London layers, $1 18: clusters, $1 stf;
Dehesa clusters, $2 M); Imperial clusters, $3;
: I dried (irapes. 3c s> tb. .
Jobbing Pbicim— Sas Fbaucibco— Four-crown,
loose. 53/ic; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, S34c: seed
less Sultanas, 53,ic; Btedless Muscatels, 4y a c;
! 1 3-crown ion layers, $125; clusters, $1 6J;
.Dehesa clusters, 82 75: imperial clusters, $3 25.
X Chestnuts quotable at 8«^10<-; Walnuts,
1 6%%g7c t* H' j'tr standard and 9(g9V'2 c %* tb for
soushell; Almonds, 6@6y a « 'Of Lauguedoc, 3®
i 3%c for hardshell and sg9c V tb for paper- shell;
1 ! Peanots. 4<^Bc f* 1!. lor h.astera ana 4c for Cali
; | fornia: Hickory Nuts, : s@sc f- tb. Pecans, 7%@
I be » D>; Filberts, 7y 2 @Bc; Brazil Kuts, 7%@Bc;
i j Coconuuts, $4(g,5 .? 10Q.
1 HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and s@9c
1 for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6®5%c;
light amber extracted 4i/2@4. ; dart amber,
4@4y>c: dark, 2t0.8c %) lb.
UtiisWAX- 22(a-25c 'f/> lb. '
PROVISIONS.
Business continues quiet.
CX'KKD MEATS— Bacon, 60 "$ lb for heavy, 7c
ii lb for light medium, 9y 2 c for light, 10c ~& lb for
euro light and li%c ~& lb for sugar-cured, East
ern sugar-cured llams, 12@12%c: California
Hams, lO&lOVic: Mess Beer, $7<£7 60: extra
mess do. Sr%S SO: family do, $9 n0@10; extra
prlmo Pork, *7 50 @ 8: extra clear, *16 t* bbl;
u;ess. $14 %i bbl: smoked Beef. 10c %* lb. . .
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6©6y2Q for, puie: palls, 7e; Calii
fornia tierces, 5@5%c & lb for compound and 6V40
for pure: half-bDis* 8 3 /ic; 10-tb tlus,.7y^c; do, 6-lbr
7%c "¥■ tt>. •'■ • " - ... ..
CUTluLENE— 6®6yjicln tierces ttnd7%®By 8 c
in 10- tins. __J : -'.I*■ .•■-"•
HIDES, TAIXOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Very quiet at t he old
prices. Culls and brands sell lo |l lb under
sound stock. Heavy salted steers Quotable at 8c;
medium, 7c t* lb: lijjhl, 6c %* tb: Cowhides.' 6c*.
salted Kip, 6c f. lb: salted' Calf, 7_ißc: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry ilides. 12@13c ¥- lb : culls and
brands, 9@loc: dry Kip and Veal.9oiOc: dry Calf,
15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20©35 c each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, 25c 'Y. lb; medium,
20c: winter, lOo; >heeDskins, sneariirigs,.lo@2oc
each; short wool. 25@35c each; medium, »o@lsc
each; long wools, 40@60c each. ....•::.■..'
TaLIOW— So. I, renderud, 3@3V4c; So. 2, 2yac;
rVfiued, sc: Grease, 2c V lb. " .
.WOOL- Jacob Wollnet'a circular says; • Wo
have had quite a lively market the last ten days
and lots of Wools were -sold, mostly to scouring
mills, but prices ha y not improve-! much. When-
L ever a prico was asked a shade hlaber than prices
1 prevalent In December it 'whs refused, still there
have been about 2,000,000 lbs sold and stocks are
very much broken and the look is that when
the new clip Is ready to come in tuere will be very
little Wool in the market, with the exception of
j some very hlsh-priced scoured Wool in speculat
ors' hanus. Tue Eastern market in the last two
weeks shows unprecedented large sales, but at no
higher prices than were prevalent during Decem
■ ber— that Is Wools that were offered in December
at prices they could not reaizc were taken in the
pas: two weeks or so, and the market Is reported
act ye ami firm with no prospect of any higher ad
vance. Most of the Wool* were taken lor specula
: tive purposes. The mills still cannot get any
! orders for goods.' The London sales now lit pro
gress are active and firm, bu. with ve-.v little ad
vance and nearly 6n<~quarter of ths Wool offered
was :aken by American buyers, so we can expect
our markets will be flooded with lorelgn Wools be
fore we can have any tariff legislation, or if we
have, belore it can go into effect- The report of
tne Ways and Means Committee of Congress that.
| on grease Wool there would be oniy a duty of 60 is*
i lb is very discouraging, especially for our produc
i tion. The California Wool Association is working
1 hard and Is taking steps to bring before the Ways
an l Means Committee the necessity of having a
higher tariff on Wool. Our scouring-mills are busy
otiordtrs for Eastern account. The prospect is
that all tne Woo s now on hand will be used before
the new clip comes in. The market closes firm,
with sliarbtlv i 83 Inquiry." We quote Fall Wool:
Free northel n, 7(g,BV2c: middle counties, free. sVa@
7c; do. defective, 4%@6c: San Joaqain. 3<jjsc; no.
foothill, s@7c: Eastern Oregon. 7@loc: Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10@llc V lb
HOPS— 6_,Bc for talr to choic* and 9®loc si lb
for fancy. '
GKNJEKAt, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Basra, spot, 4.1,4 c; .rune-
July delivery, 4%c; San Queniln, $4 65; Wool
Ba';s, 24y a @26V$sC •
COAL— Wellington, $S «* ton: New Wellington,
*8 ifl ion: Souihfleld Wellington, $7 50 V ton;
(Seattle, sf 5 50: Bryant, *5 60; Coos nay, 94 75;
all-end. BO; scotch. : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 50 in bulic and $15 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite' Etc*. %11@12 »4 ton: Welsh
Anthracite. §H(g(lU; Cannel, $8 %4 ion; Kock
Spring-". Castle Hate and Pleasant Valley, $7 6U;
Coke, 91 Kflil -in bulk and »13 V ton in sks. '
CANNED SALMON— The Alaska Packers' A»
coclatlon quotes lied Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,001) cases. 93c f* dozen: 50.000 cases, 02u,c
V dozen: 76,000 cases, O'jc V dozen, net citsli (. o.
b. ex-ship.
QUJCK>IIA'KH-Is higher at $37 50 $ flask,
owing to an advance at. London. .
SL'UAR— Western Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5y 3 c;
Powdered, 6c: : Fine Crushed, 6Vic; Dry Granu
lated, 43/gc: confectioners' A, 4S/»c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 8 i' 8 c: Golden C, 33 /4 c; half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxe* y»o more.
SAX FRANCISCO MKAT MAKKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6%cj second, 6@6c; third
do. 4@sc %» Ib.
VKAL— Large, 6@7c; small, 7@Bc !b.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6Va@7c; Ewes, C@6V4c
fp> Ib. . ■■- • ■•■> -"•
LAMB— Sprrn?, ; yearlings, 7@Bc $ Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, J-.@i»Vic "0 ib for large and
3Vi©H3/ c for small ana meulam; dressed do, i(fi
60 '■!< 11). | *
RECEIPT ji OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks. ... 6,442 Middlings. sis... 165
Oregon :...' 8,236 Hay, ions _« »3a
Wheat, ct' „ 980: Butter. cvi..._ 121
Barley, cits..... . 2,790 Cheese, cm.. #j< , 37
Beans, 5k5...... 29|KKg*. f10a....,.^ 0,010
Corn. East, ctls.. 800HWes.no „ 436
Oats, c: ls 475 ' I'elti. bdi5. ...... 218
Oregon ■ "0 Wine. Jtals....^. 31.700
Potato^, sic*.... 3.535 Leather, r0115:... 11«»
Oregon 158 Tallow. ct15...... 11:8
Onions, 5it5...... 880 Wool, bis bi
Bran, sks .400
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Mining stocks closed the week quietly at about
the prices that ruled on the previous day.
The Hale <fc Norcrosb delinquent sale takes ace
to-morrow. .'■ ■
. Interest will be due and payable February 1 on
the following bonds: United .States fours (new Is
sue), quarterly; Kdlson Light and Jfower sixes,
quarterly: Pacific Boiling Mill sixes, quarterly.
The Central Gaslight Company and California
Cotton Mills . Company . will : pay quarterly, divi
dends of *1 per share on February 1. - :..
■ The annual of • the Union Trust Com
pany will be held to-morrow.
An official te'e«ram was received at the Con.
Cal. <fe Va. office yesterday announcing that the
output of ore from th»~ mine last weeK amounted
to thirty-eiehi tons, of the average assay value of
43 -Hi per con. This ore came from the old slopes
above the 1780 level.
.Local corporations paid dividends as follows in
January: : ■■-•//>.,» - - ■ -.
Namk. . Per Share. Amount.
Ban,* of Ca1if0rnia.. .........'.f 3 00 $90,000
California Sate Deposit...'..... 1 SO 16,000
American Bank and T. Co .„ 250 10,670
Crocker- \V<olworth N. Bank. 4 01) 40,003
Columbian l Banking Co 3 00 1.800
First National 8ank.......... 5 00 76.000
Nevada 8ai1k:..'......*.i. 150 45,000
Weils, FarK»-& Co ;... 3 00 240,000
Fireman's Fund Ids. Co..' 800 - - 30,000
Pacific Surety Co ...';;;•'» 00 2,000
Edison L. and P. Co 33Vi ■ H. 783
Gas Consumers' Association.. 15 •' :' 2,025
JOaklandUasCo:.... " 25 7,500
Pacific Gas Imp, Co 60 . 15.000
Pacific Lighting Co 35 7,000
B.F. Gaslight ;•• 17% 17,500
Stockton Gas and Electric... 30 3,000
Marin COunty Water Co 76 ■■ 4.600
San Jose Water •60 ' . 4,241
Spring Valley Water 50 '•: 64,000
California-street Cable 50 . 6,000
Market-street Railway . 60 112,500
Sutler-street Cable 1 26 25,000
Alaska Packers' Association.. 75 • 35. 532
Hutch Plantation 25 12,500
Nnt'.ma Vineyard Co 05 3,000
Pacific Telephone. ■ 40 13.-00
Sunset Telephone....... I 25 7,500
Alaska-Mexican Mining Co.. 10 .18.000
A?ntta-Treadwe:i Mining Co. ■ 37% 75.000
Homestaice Mining Co 2R 31,250
Morning Siar Mining Co 600 , 14,400
K»pi Con. QM. C 0...'. 10 ,'■ 15,000
Ontario Mining Co. 10 16.000
Bant a Hosalia Mining Co 05 5,000
T0ta1.... $1,061,851
Classified, the amounts for the past month are
as follows:
. , 1896. • 1897.
8ank5........ $542,846 V $517,470
Insurance companies 32,01) • 32,1180
Gas companies 89.8.3 58.768
Water companies 70.241 72.741
stret trail ways , 142,500 14 'A SOO
Sugar companies 7,500 12.500
Telephone companies 15,900 20.700
Mining companies • 184,250 163.650
Miscellaneous companies... 35.532 -41,532
Totals $1,120,592 $1,061,861
Following Are the Highest Prices Dar
ing the Past Week.
Alpha
Alia _..
Andes ......
Belcher
Best & Belcher..
Bullion ......
Caledonia
Challenge. ......
Chollar... _,
Con. CaL <*_. Va..
Confidence
Crown Point....
Gould & Curry.
Bale A N'orcrojj
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental.......
PotosL
(Savage...
Beg. Belcher
•-•tandan*.. ......
Sierra Nevada .
Uni0n.......
Utah
iKU!_>« JacKM.
I.i
8!
I.i i
5.
1.25
fii
11
ts
19
71
*?
2.
.**-:
ii
. 18
' 37
9.
10
07
15
88
• 70
06
11
63
1.00
2.25
i 1.16
36
60
1.25
48
1.16
14
21
-; 68
60
.11
L 75
47
; 43
7 04
\ 87
1.21
fil
o-
-1.25
14
cl
1.1!
1
1.16
14
21
i.i
1
.V
11
1.6
16
1. 1
I.'
II'A ■ .lutss,
Following were the tales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday : .;::.',"
KJfc'OUJ.AR MORNING SlAsiON, COMMENCING 9:30.
200 Kelcner....3t> 100 C0nn....). 1. 500 Occdl 21
100 B&B 68 100 C P0int. ...86 30U Upnir...1.16
200 69100 <J * C 60 301 Potosl 65
200 Llioir »► 150 HJtN...1.3b;)00 66
100 97200 1.20 100 Savage.. .49
400 CCAV...2.2U 200 N U A C..4t!4U0 Stnrd...l.7U
160 2.25200 351
Following wera tne saie* In ihe Pacific Stock
Eoard >esierday:
BaAi'LAR SESSION— IO:3O.
800 Alr.Tia 1- i 5» C0nn.. .1.15 I*2oo Mexican 48
400 Alt* Ob2OOU C 1mp.. .01 ,}OJ OccidU.... 21
200 Andes.. ..lt <S<oo ..:.. 02 701) ODhtr.-«lVs
26U 8«1cht*...34 SOOC NY. ..0. 700 0vrmn....10
1100 B<SB 6fcA5J I i"oiut-..J<6 50) Patosl 66
200 ....... .....67 300 ExchQr...o& 190 i (savage. .so
i,OU .6915U v <fc»J 49d00 Bcorplon..o3
400 bu1110u.... 0*1700 9'JU a ii AM. ..10
300 Caleda,...l22UJ H<£iV...1.20 .10 t,i».N-v 48
200 Chalice... 6* 400 1.22% : '000 811 H1U..01
300 Chollar.. ..ÜbUOOO Ju1ia. ...00 >ut> Stuid_..i.7O
8 0 1.00 200 Justice. —o6 300 Union. .-42
-00 CC*V...2.i»£> 400 K»nuick..o, ;UJ • U-*ii 04
. 250 .... 2.22 U. luOO 1, Wash. ol V Jo*t ~..35
900 2.2ui j ' -•;'■"
k-i-OMMu QUOTATIONS.
1.-/.-; 1 . SATUKDAY, Jan. 30-12 H.
i . Tit*.*"-* 1 -, JHd. At/end.
aw cm 10 ~AH nlla .*... — OS
Aim. ..... 07 obj, IB tici:;;..;r. 05 D 6
Andes.'" 15 36 Kenmcli. ...... 03 14
Belcher 34 86 Lady Wasu.... — 12
Best & BelcUar 70 71 Mexican 48 49
Benton C0n.... 17 — Nevada Qaeea. — t4
bullion OS 06 Occidental..,.. 20 21
Caledonia. 11 1-iUpiilr 1.10 Z.is
CiiOllar ...1.00 1.05 Overman. 14 IB
Con.Cal<&Va...2.£o 2.2b PotosL 57 b»
Cballen<?<t Con. 51 63 ravage. 60 61
Con. Imperial. 01 tic scorpion .. 03 —
Confidence.... 1.15 1.20 : *eg. iselchar... 11 13
ion Vori - t:- -liver Hill 01 131
Crown Point... 35 37 sierra Nev*l* 47 —
KantSierritNay — t4 standard 1.65 1.70
h.nrelcaCoa. M — ill ->yudlcale. .... 02 14
r.iclitiuuer 05* OC L'nlouOuu 42 43
uvuiu <£ Curr/. SO 5. uuu -- 04 05
lit.it ix^iuro-4. 1.20 l.'i: »'eilu* j«w*«*. 36 37
Jackson — ÜBi :';.*r : '-^
flOCii. A.No ISO.Vii r.XCUJNUE.
BATURUAV. Jan SO 10:30 a. it
fIMTW BTATJtS «O^->J.
J »/T.^»*ett ' ■ £txt. AlktA.
coni>.lll - CJ 6 4ares...W« lloy a
Do new issuel2l —
.. MisoKlLANnopi nnvnt. ■ ; ■■'■■":
Cat-stCWess. — , Oak Gas 6a.. — 104
CalKlecL 132 Do Sid Is 65... 108 109 '
CntraCWS* 08 86 Oinnious 85.,121 ll!2 .
Dpnl-stex-cp: — 67»4 & O Ry6s. — 113 '
hdau Utl'ii9l2B leO I'&Cli Hy 6s. — 108
I&CUKR6S - 107 Pwl-stKß6jll4 119 '
Oearr-st Rssloo — Keno, WLJtL — 10.*
H c«tsj 5\%5.103 — tacto P& L. - 100 '
LogAngLdJ - 100 ■ &F<fc>'Pßs<.. 89%100»/i
Do Un teed 6s — 101 sPRKArizSi — 94
MKt-stCble6sl22vß - ■ aPRRUaI 6s. 112 -
DoKyCOD b5.106 106 V* >I'KJUa 1 - 100
NaiVlnßs Ist — 100 . -FBrKCal69. 87 9Sy a
NevCNgK7s.lo3 105 Water tls. 119%12U
i Ky Cal 6s. 101 — - VW»ier4s. 10l lOIV4
KKyCalos. - 96 stkiiUj&Etii — 101 1, a
WIIKR STOCK*-.
Contra Costa 34 36 |Sprng Valley &7 87V4
MarinCa — 52 |
CAR AXD ELECTRIC (TOCK»-
Capital. .... - 25 I'ac .as imp 9ifV* 9-'V a
Central 95 — Pacific Hint 48^/j 49
Ed.son L1«h1127 127v a ■'an Francsco 39 9ai4
MKleuLlgni 9% 10 Sioclclou — W
OakGL,&H E4 64%
, INSURANCR RTOCKV
Flreman'BFdlßo 190 |Snn .". _ —
COMMKIUIAI BA^K «TO-!K t
Anglo-Ca1.... 60% 66 I First Nation. 180^182^
BanKof Ca1. .238 ■*** 1 .ondonPAA. \i < '>,-a —
C 010754 110 iMerchKx.... \i —
HAVINHH BANK STOCK*.
GerßttLCo.. — 1450 Sav<fcLo»n.. - 105
HumbS>ti..lloU — Security. 24) —
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. 800 —
tit s»v Union — 480
STKXKC RAILROAn WfV.'K.X.
California.... — 110 OakSUtHa/ - 103
Gearr-st — 60 Presidio 41/ a 6%
MftrK.«i-5t.... 43 . «SV4
VOW 1> bit stock*.
Atlantic D... 16 17 Giant C 00,... 32 V, 33
California.... 75 - Vigortt BUc 90c
Eastern 1).... 79—1 ' ,
MISCELUVKOm RTOCKI.
Alaska Pkrs. 103Val03S/*|Nat Vln Co.. _ pi^
(»er Lead Co. 80 I<JU ' ceanicSSCo 26 28
HawC&SCa. 17 l7*4'P*c Aux F A - 4
HaicbSPLo '■iiV& 24V* PacßoraxCa 95 —
MerExAssn.. — Ho |Parf PalutCo — 7
tiLKS-kuH- I *'-' I aoodl.jj<.
pouM —
20 Alaska Packers' Association.. 10 S 75
20 Edison .Light & Power C 0....... 127 10 ,
60 Olant Powder Con 32 7»
10 do do .- ,82 60
10 do do 82 62i£
15 • Hntcblnson 8 Co. .....JT^. V «4 25
25 Market-st Kauway ;.. . 4,2 75
600 do do ' 4310
240 do do 1)6.... ..." 43 00
10 do do 42 »7%
ID SFGaslifht . v 9 25
«2000 H V ix Bonds. 101 00
600 Vigorit Powder- ■ «0
100 . do do ••- ■ 85
K 1 rrvi —
176 Market-st Railway ...-'. 42 BO
— — *
There are certain plants which produce
flowers that make not only poisonous
honey, but also poisonous wax. Instances
often" occur of persons being ill after eat
ing honey, and the' case is sometimes at
tributed "to indigestion; but more fre
quently the cause is found in the honey
itself, the bees having fed upon some pois
onous flowers. >;->;■'.'
- _ .• « — * — •
THE CALL CAL.KXDAR. '
Jancakt, 1897.
W.
|Tb.
;Sa_'|
! 2 !
| Moon's
<n<_ New Moon.
■«_/ Jan.'*-.
11
13
20
/C\ Full Moon.
V£/ Jan. 18.
/7M<aat Quarter.
P^V Jan. 25,
I 26
\
l)at»»« or I>fip«rtnre »om fian Fr»nel*eo.
BTICAMKR Il> KST I V X. | HATr,t | PtKR.
yueen
Corona
Columbia...
Jta__n_
Gaelic
Coos Bay.. . .
>' ara! ion
Areata
Walla Walla
Monowai....
ban l'leeo . Feb I.llam Pier 11
Humboldtßa. Feb . 1. 2pm fists
I'orUant ...... Feb 2.10 am, Pier 24
China & Japan Feb 2 Ipm PMSS
Newport. ifb 3.US Pier 11
1 aauina Bay. Feb 8. 9am fiat 2
| coos 8ar.....' ■*>» 3.10 am; Pier 13
! Vie * Pgt Sno ; Feb 4. y am I Pier »
j 5ydney........ Feb 4, 2PM,PIer7
Coos 8ay..... . Feb 5, 6pm j Pier 8 '.
Man 1"1»**0..... Feb 6.11 am | Pi»rll
Portland ..... !iv . 7.10 am '. Pint 24
Newport ...v.. Feb 7, Van 1 na** 11
Czarina.....
Mexico
State or CaL
Eureka..;.:
MEAMKIIS TO ARRIVK.
- lira
•ROM
Bn*
Valla Walla. .. | Victoria <» Pu__«. sona i
!orona. ........ Humbold. Bar-
descent Cltr... Crescent City .:....«
!oos Bay ...... I Newport
.rcata Coos Bar
klliance... Coos Bay
I sel* maw...... Tac0ra*..:...,;..;.,;,..
lex ieo -an Dieco _'.
'illamook Portland '.*...:..
late or Cal P0rt1and...'....'.'..".'.*. »*.".
"matilla. Victoria & Puget Sound
ieone :;.;.. San Petjro..'. . .-...
zar1na......... Coo* Bay ._._".
'mplr*. ..... Coos 8ay..... - .-
'urelca. ..'. Newport.
ity of Peking.. China and Japan
)el Norte «rays Harbor......
:ueen '"San Diego ..,.„•.,...,„
ulnmhia ..... 1'0rt1and. ...... . .; .. ... ';.
..jan 31
.Jan 31
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
. . Feb 2
..Feb -2
..Feb 3
'..Feb 3
j ..Feb 4
..Feb 4
..Feb 4
7 .Feb 4
i ..Feb 4
..Feb 6
..Feb 6
. Feb . 0
7. Feb 7
; ■ Feb 9
TfcUJif. MOOS .A>ii 'Ali>ii. •
United States toast and Geod'tio Sumvur .
Tikes and Heights of Hish and Low
Waters at Fo <t Point, • Extra sck to
San Fkaucisco Bay. ■ Pcbushkd by Oriri
ciai. Authority OF ih* supiibiktendk«t. ■
• Note— The high, and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minuter later than at Fort, Point: ■ the height
of tide Is in* .same at both places.
„Z. \ January— iß»7. >
'*' Sunday, January 31.
HnnrliM^....7..' 7.151 Moon rlsM 6.284*
8nn»w........ 6. 82 1 Moon set*.
r
>•
fe_2_ If*-. Time I »•*[____
ILW | rt W 1 i, W
Feet __!___?
I* H ■.
1 0.00
2 0.36
5 1.05
4 1.80
5 1.56.
6; 2.22
1
'J
4.4
4.6
4.8
4.6
I 4.6
I ' 4.6
9.42 6o; 4.51 — i.O j
L Wl |H Wl * L W -"
4.25 2.0 10.32 7 6.5 1 6.28-0.7
517 .7 11.20 5-2 6.1.3 -O 4
608 .2.2 12.10 ! 4.9 840 -0.1
869 2.0 1.00 : 4.4 7.14 08
7.47 1.8. 1.6-1 - 4.0 7.47 1.3
V.31 1.6 2.491 3.6| 8.17 1.8
Sot«- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives thn^second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or righ:
hand column give* the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometimes
secure. The heights given are addition! to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, « xcept when a minus sign (— ) precedes Uie
height, and then the number given is subtractlva
from the depth given by the charts.
SOT IV TO MABIXKBS.
A branch of the United grates Hv-drographlo
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit' of
mariners without regard to nationality and tree of
exnense. '■■ ■ ■.
Navigators are cordially Invited to vUlt the
office, where complete sets ot charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on> hani tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory a:, Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on lime, or giving the error. If any, Is
published the.same day t>y the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers (he following 'lav.
- W. S. Hughes.
tenant. V. S. N.. In charge.'
The Time Bull.
tßAircH jtTrRO«BAPKre OFrroir. v. n. V.. )
Merchants' Kichashh r
&»>• Francisco. January £0 IS?7. ) :
The time ball on Teiesraoa Hill was aronosl
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. iv noon of the I'iUSJ
ueriaiati, Ox exactly »iflf. if.. Greenwich Urns.
■■^f.rj.,4. . :■'■ _. W. S. UUOHKS.
. • • -LiPtirpnant U. M. N. Inenar.jOL
SHIPi-LXi INTi.LLItii.NCJS.
. : . Arrlve-I.
SATURDAY. January XQ.
Stmr Columbia, Conway. 6<!J/g hours from Port
land, via Astoria 4^-Vi hours; uass and nidse. toO
X & X Co.
Simr Qneen, Alexander. 62 hours from San
Diego: pass mid nvise, to G ood all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Jose, Russell, 21 days from Panama
and way ports: pass and mdse, 10PM8S Co. <
Ba; stmr Wellington, Salinond. H6 hours from
Departure Bay; 2*Bo tons coal, to H Dunsmulr &
Sons. \ -..
Ship M P Grace, De Winter, 159 days from Bal
timore; 2775 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld'sSons.
Scbr Maweema, Smith, 17 days from Tacoma;
lumber aud piles, to Pope A Taibot.
«. ,<mr« i
SATURDAY. January 30.
stmr Qu»en, Alexander, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. - ' •* :
Nor ship Hiawatha. ' Jorgensen, Newcastle,
N-W: Henry Lund <fc Co.
Fr baric Vitle de Koueu, Rebel, Queenstown ; G
W McNear.
Baric Wi.ua, Sla'.er, Nanaimo; John Rosen feldi
Sons.
Failed.
"•''•-•; SATURDAY. January 30.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hughes, Portland.
Stmr Jewel, .Madsen Caspar.
Btmr WhltesDoro, Johnson
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Waantenaw, Crosoup, Tacoma. ■.;.', X
. Ktmr Kurnka, Parsons. isan Pedro.
■ Hr ship Queen of England. >lm\v, Qneenstown.
Br bark Casablanca, U miey.- Adelaide.
. P>r bark * on nay Castle, Jones, Cape i own.
Br hark Alexandra.' Bar field. Moody ville.
Schr Arthur I, Krog. lversens Landing.
Schr Marion, Uenereaux. >cattle.
Scbr Elvenia, Johnson, Grays Haroor.
'1 el rapine.
POINT LOBoa Jan. 30.-1.) » Weathar
thick; wind BE; velocity 12 mile*
Spnknn.
Dee 29— 32 B, long 49 W. fir ship Sierra
Catena from Cardiff tor San Francisco.
Per Wellington— Jan HO about 25 miles of
Point Reyes, Br snip King Edward, from New
castle, SsW, for >an Fran isco ' Wind light, SK,
Per M P Grace-Jan 1 -I.at 26 26 3 long 9103
W. i,'r ship Bennington, from Cardiff, bound to
Gulf o». California.
Domeitlii Por-i.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Jan 30— Sohr J S Holmes
from Port Blakeley. ■' .-.- . -
DO— Arrived Jan 30-Stmr Navarro, fm
Usal '.- . '
PORT GAMBLE -Arrived Jan 30-Scar Corona,
from Port Blaite.ey.
.-al ed Jan SO -Brig Courtney Ford, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA-Saiiei Jan 30-*clt King Cyrus, for
San Francisco: Br Hhlp City of Florence, for Aus
tralia.
NEW WHATCOM-ArrlveJ. Jan 30-Br ship
Sutli-j. hence Jan I'i. m
TATOOSH— Passed Jin 30— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma. for san Francisco: Ger bark Henry
Clement, irom Santa Koiaiia, for Puget sound.
SEaH BAY •In bay Jan 30— Brsblp Drum
t)!air, from Pisagua, for Puget Sound. -
VKNTURA— Arrived Jan SO— -simr Geo Loomis
hence Jan -8. --■ -..-■,•.."-:
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 30-Btmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Jan 28.
SAN PEDUO— Arrived Jan 29-Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka.
Sailed Jan V!9— Bark Vidette, for Everett.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 80— stmr Del
None, hence Jan •£!. •,•■'• ■
COOS BAY- Returnel Jan 30-Stmr Arcat*.
bar rough. ! Will prouably sail Jan 31.
SEATTLE— Arrives jan 30— Slmr Progreso.
hence Jan 26. : -iV"> ■ i
Sailed Jan 39— Schr. Azalea, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE- Arr vied Jan SO— Bark Fresno
hence Jan 17. % • - . •
■ GRtESWOOD- Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Alcatraz
hence Jan 29. v • ■'<■ •■' V*.+ f
Eastern Fort«.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 29- Bark St James, for
San Francisco, and not us previously reported. ■
. '. Foreign Jr*ortß.
SAN JOSEDE GUATEMALA — Arrived Jan 29
— Scnr W'm F Witzeman. trom Port Blakeley. '
LA LIBKRTAD-Arnved Jan Mary
Bu . ne, hence Dec 22.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Jan £9— Br baric Madagascar
for, santa Rosalia. > .
FALMOUTH— sailed Jan 29- Br ship Kynance,
for Limerick. • .- ■ : .
SWANSEA— SaiIed Jan 28— Br ship Cardigan
shire, for Sun Francisco.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 29-Br ship Muskoka.
hence Sept 2&
YOKOHAMA -Arrived Jan 27-Stmr Peru, hno
Jan 7.
Movement* of Tram- Atlantic st"-*'n«-i
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 80-Stmr Britannia,
from Liverpool; stmr St Paul, trom Southampton.
sailed Jan 80— mr La Oascogoe, tor Havre:
stmr Campania, for Liverpool. . ■**
HAMBURG — Arrived out Jan 30— stmr Persia.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived o ut .lan *9-«tmr Am
sterdnm.
CUXHAV EN— Arrived out Jan 2B— Mann
helm-
. HAVRE— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr La Normandie,
for New York. '•'■-:
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 30-Btmr New
York, for New York. v .
- GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Jan. 30— Stmr Columbia,
for .New York. ,
LlZAßD— Passed Jan Stmr Slcilla, from
New York, for Stettin,; stmr Berlin, from New
Yor<. for Antwerp; stmr L* Boulogne, from
New Yorit, lor Havre.
..:. , : - • Importation*. ; -^-^
' SAN DIEGO— Per Queen— 6o7 bxs oranges, 28
bxs limes. 1 pKg harness, 4 sks grapefruit, 146
bxs lemons, 20 bxs 18'hf-bxs tangerines,. 4 bxs
tobacco. 108 bdls dry fish. 3 nf-nbls pickled flan,
1 keg olives. 1 bxs type, 29 cs honey.
- Redondo— 24 bb s4O tierces lard. . 5 pkgs mdse,
Ics hardware. 16 pkgs furniture, 10 cs grap?
juice. 841 bxs orange*, 1 cs wax, 3cs eggs, 534
sheep, 6 bxs limes. :-.9 bxs lemons. ■ - .
Port Los Angeles— l 4 pk^s mdse, 79 bxsoran^es,
1 cs clears, 27 sks garvanzas, 12 sks sunflower
seel, 33 sics peas. 8 bxs tomatoes, 1 sk beans.
Santa Barbara— 74 Pkgs milse, 2 cs canned
goods, 1 cs baking powder. 1 a cheese, 15 bbls
mineral water, 11 ska crawnaa. 1 dx fish, 4 bxs J
ht-bxs oranges.
Port Harford-460 sks Htumlnous rock, 3 sk»
clams, 2 ' coops chickens. 8 dressed calves,- 2 bxs
dr.- fruit, 49 cs eggs, '62 uxs butter. 1 cs dry goods.
51 jikgs milst). 1 cs tooacco, 29 ska beans, a n.iia
dry hides. 1 bx rock, 1 Ddl goauiclns, I sk barley,
5 cs cheese.
i PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
292. Iks onions- 2926 sks potatoes, 8038 sks flour,
1200 gunnies flour. 3846 sks wheat. 580 sks oats,
168U s.-cs bran, 2500 sKs shorts, 010 h'des/6 sks
tails, 1136 bd ls paper, 7 7 sks oysters. 75 cs sal
mon, 110 bbls salmon. 600 strings floats, WiX
mats suip.i ur, 6 sks sulphur, 3 VOO ft lumber.
Connlgnes*.
Per Columbia— Wolf* S^ntMi'.ler, Bloss 4 Scott:
Dalton Kros: CJLelst&CO; Baker A Hamilton:
Getz Bros ifc Co; I BrJ«ham..Hopne & Co; Sheldon
Milling Co: Darbee * Immel: M E A Wagner; A
Levy A Co; Moore, Ferguson « Co: Allen & Lewis:
Thomas Lou<;h ran; Geo Morrow A Co; standard
'Biscuit Co; II Dutard; Gould & Jaudin; S P Taylor
Paper Co; Bissinger & Co; Q \V t-mmons; order;
P Hlllens «fc Co: Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: SF
Sulphur Co: Jonn F English; • Western Poll Paper
Co: CtiasCar.s. ii; Plche Bros: Harri* A Jones.
IVr Queen- Hllmer. BredbotT A Sctiulz: W Davis
A Co: Dairymen's Union: Dodge, Sweeney A Co;
Co*hill & Koun; H Dutard ; Clabrouch A liol
cher: X <ie la Cuesta: H Dutard; Blsslnger &Co:
-Smith's Cash Store: Wheawn. Br*>on<Sv-o: O X
Porta; F Daiu-ri A Co: Goodall, Perkins A Co; O
B Lyons A Co: Ross A Hewlett: Wittel A Baker:
.\\ be>ton. Breoa, A Co: Brigham. Jioppe A Co:
I^vy&Co: H Klrchmann A Co; Getz Bros A Co:
Luscombe ik Isaacs; c E Whitney A Co: Labor
F.xchange; Heckman it Co; L D Stone A Co: A
F Barnard; Marshall A Rellly: Western Meat Co;
American Union Fish Co: J B In«us;lia: char
Jacobsen; Cumpodonlco it Malcolm. FBHalgbt:
A Pailles; A Paladinl: Norton, Teller A Co; A P
B<tnard: Pacific Coast Fish Co: J lvancovicn & Co;
D £ Allison A Co : LScatenn&to: D Blagi it Co:
San Luis ohNpo Bituminous Co; WetmorCuros; J
Demariiut A Co: Ford A Foss: J A Bumah: D C
Narver; Gray A Barbie rl: II Clifton; Taylor A
Taylor: Harris Bros; Fisher Bros: W F Mltche.l;
1 W O Blgelow: Haas Bros; C M Vollcman: 11 Bow
i man: G R Jackson: JM Larlaon; J Gr<iz: WE
A 111. on A Co: B -al!l3 A Co: F II Ames A Co: F A
Robbius' Press Works; Miller, Sloss A Scott: A H *
Grlswald A Co: M TFreitas it Co: A Galll Fruit Co;
J M Rudl»-y: T Moire; Wetmore Bros; i *v Hob
son: S Jacobs: HCohn: Goldberg, Bowen A Co; ii
F King; E Bannister: Immel it Co; MSSl.nas:
Amer I'ress Assn: (i F King: Dalton Bros; Chas
Tetsen: W H Adams; 11 o Greennooa: Page A
>on: California Chemical Work<;W W Dickinson;
Osmond. im A Co; H s Hammond A co; II S
I Emerson: Wolf A Son: Bell A Co: ii It Warner;
\VC Morgan; Car. son, currier A Co; F B Waka
fiela Brown A Wetzen; G A Wlliard; C J Snow;
D Helmiclc.
for La* fthlnninn l*ttUlo*nc* .<!« Twelfth Pao*.
NEW TO-OAr.
GERMAN SAVINGS & LOAK SOCIETY,
526 California St., S. F.
Capital actually paid up in cash. ... $1,000,000 00
Deposits D«cemDer 31, ISO S 30,727,586 o9
Reserve fund .'... 7±S,OUU 00
Guaranteed capital 1,200,000 00
OFFlCERS— President, B. A. Becker: First
Vice- President. Ed want Kruse: second Vice-
President, D*nlel Meyer; <. ashler, A. H. R.
Hcnmldt: Assistant Cashier, William Herrmann;
Secretary. George Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. H. Muller.
BOARD OFDI.RECTORS-B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Kruse. Daniel Mever, H. Horstmann, Ign.
Sieinhan, Nfc. Van Bergen, Emil Kohte, H. B.
Ross, D. N. Walter.
Attorney, W. s. Goodfellow.
. JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
in STOCKS, BONDS Or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in other channels.
OUR SYNDICATE PLAN OF SPECULATON
affords large and small Investors the dual advan-
tages of safety and mou satisfactory returns on
sums ot (26 to $1000. Piospectus and Market
Letter mailed free. '
SETTLEMENTS SEMI - MONTHLY-
DeWOLP & CO., Bankers & Brokers, ■
Bank References. 50 Broadway, ,N. V. City.
PARTICULARS FREE ON APPLICATION.
SAM. HELLER & CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
44 Broadway and 45-47 New Street. New York.
Agencies in All Large Cities of the United States.
Nearly seventy cent profit on our "Holiday
Combination, "coverin.' only t wenly-seven days'
transactions: OVER EIGHT PKK CENT weekly
on the investment for the past «1X YKA Ks. NO
LOSSES EVER RECORDED. The safest and
most profitable system of Investment knowa.
OCEAN TRAVEL-
PACIFIC coast_steamsbip co.
STEAMERS LEAVE V. HO A 1 > A V JPf^Jj.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: • fej j*fiTTi
For Mar y Island, l.orlns:. Wrangel. Juneati.Tvll-
lisrioo and Sitka (Alaska), at.,o a. m., Feb. 10, -">.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tti< nma. Everett, An&cortes and
New Wi atcom (Bellingbam Bay." Wash.), 9 a. x.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there- 1
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTaconia with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t Bay), str. Pomona 'I P. M., Feb. 1, 5, 9, 18,
17. 21, 25, and every fourth clay thereafter.
For >iania Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Caynco\
Port Harford (San l.uls Obispo), Onviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneueme, aan Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. U.
Feb. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every iourin
day thereafter.
For san Dieco. slopping only at Port Hanorl
(San Luis Obispo), banta Barbara, Fort Los An-
feles. Redondo (Los Anseles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17,21, 25, and every fourth,
day thereafter. ' -.» . <
For Enseiiada, San Jove del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. -sth of each month.
Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice, steamers, stilling dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 1
New Montgomery street.
G.OODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAKT I3
V' 7 From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. h. ,
FA "RTT/81.2 »*'ir«t-clasB 1 Including
iiliJuiso Second-class /berth * meats
;•:.- v ; .SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan.23, Feb. 2,13, 22
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 37
Through tickets and through ba?gaje to all
Eastern points. Rales and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
-: .■.'.'.. 830 Market street.
- GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendents
PMMMmaifi The KS. MftNOWAI
lEflllt will via HONOLULU
frniim anl Auckland lor
U" ___ SYDNEY, Thursday,
t> S^\ • > February 4, at 2r. x.
SfwnKninc) S. ». Australia for
QXUIiIIJHIJ/ &/ HONOLULU only,
/ofnCWPLK Tuesday, February 33.
\v|ll^/Ultep at 9p. m. Bpectal party
■ rates.
LinetoCOOLQAEDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents. ■
114 Montgomery streak
Freight Office, 327 Market st- Ban Francisco.
: WHITE^TARLHB.'
United States and . Royal Hall Steamer*
snwus
New York, Queenstown & Liver PO«fc
S Ail,l>U KVKKIf \» KtK.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- ABM-
ing to steamer and accommodations M 0
selectad: second cabin,* 4*2 50andX47 60; MaJ«s..a
and Teutonla Steerage Tickets from England. Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmarlc
through to Han Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
fromW. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at in*
General office of the Company, 613 Market strew,
unaer Uiand HoteL . G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent Tor Pacific Coast.
COaiPAG]fIE€ESERALTRASSATLASTIQUS
. French Line to Havre.
r<OMPAMY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■tS < «*Se
this line avoid both transit by English railway an!
the discomfort of crossing the channel lnasmnll
boat. New York to Alexandria. Kgypt, via Paris,
first class *1 50, second clans $116.
LABRETAGNF, Feb. 8, BA.it
LA NORMAN DIE feb. 13, 9a. tc
LA BOURGOONE Feb. 20. 5 A. it,
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. it
LA GASCOGNE..... March 6, 6 a It
83- For further particulars apply to
A. FORGiiT, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
3. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
Avenue. San Francisco. ■ • -
.mmi steamers
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At tf P. M. Daily. Fr«lrh.c received -up
to<>:3o P. M.
0f Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
TheSnly line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all' points ou Valley
Railroad. STKAMERS:
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. J.D.Peters.
Mary Garratt, ■ ' City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. aud Impu Ca
FOR VALLEJO ASD U. S. KAYM IML
STEAMER "MONTICELLO," • ' '■
Dally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4Mb
Saturdays ......*10:30 a. it, If.*
Sundays..,. 8 c. it.
Landing Missloo-stree: Dock, Pier 2.
. Telephone Black 2UI.
- »Trip gives 6 hours stop a: Navy-Yard. ' -
FOR 8.411 JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
QTiSAMER ALVISO LKAVEs PIER 1 MOV-
-0 day. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. it Alvlso
Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, at 3p. m Freirttt
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso, 500 ; M) San Jose, 75c. Cl*y iliSul
SO W. feaau Claras^, a»u J«m ** *•
2728
HALE BROS. i HALE BROS. I HALE BROS. I HALE BROS. I HALE BROS. I HALE BROS. | HALE BROS.
! LAST WEEK! LAST CHANCE! LAST DAY OF CLEARING SALE! !
*. ; LAST WEEK LAST WEEK § SPPEAD THF NFWS I I ACT LAST WEEK *
*■ IN DRESS GOODS ! IN DOMESTICS. 1 KKCAU MTg bVV^' I LAST IN BAZAAR! f
"^ come to see the crowds. Come to look v (•) NOT A YARD— NOT AN ARTICLE-NOT AN ITEM-HAS i \717117C1/' INT
.&. around. Cometo wonder and comment if you Snlp , Bnap . Bang! And where, Is the cost ¥ . r^PiPPD THF FTMat PT YaW TTP PTFATsTF 1 !? finnnS AT (ft W JL_fJ__/IV I I^l „, ~, , 4£+
i& don't come to bur. Come-that's all-come. Why cost wasn't counted! © l-bOAfi-L) lill__lNAL CLEAN-Ui.. t.AJNilii<, IjUUUSj Al W »▼ _—#_-_!__. __ - King Clearance rules, and prices bow ana
4^. black .figured ' : © BETTER VALUES THAN EVER. JOIN THE CROWD-ADD S T/ _ rrf T _ bow until they break in two. i\
JL WAf V-u^c^Vwide^au 49 C . - 1 TO THE ENTHUSIASM -BRING YOUR FRIENDS- $ NOIIONS. 7 =? — 3
V? 75c act nil reduction from Yard ~~ 127-INCH ginghams- 1 ® YOUR NEIGHBOR AND SPREAD THE NEWS! ® '■ ty
♦i. 75c. To close with- SPKCIAL plain uhik, and gray and QIC ® _jSJ MI CH X LsK -»
* out reserve GING- lavender stripe; to-mor-! rfj^ (_<_®®<iXs)®®®®®'®«<SX_®®®®®«^^ Nothing ♦«- go()d fof the fJna , Si^JS HA V SALTS or Port- 23° "f
_, WAf pa mi- v — 1» 1a t m 89° HAM row Yard 'THREE SPECIAL TABLES! clean-up. The torrent of trie final WKKE mouth -AVK.NDKK Bottle f
Ssf __?*_£_« 89 C ..rg"^"-! THREE SPECIAL TABLES! *»■- ,■"» '— "' °' «*«__. a - bfe^?::^." *»-
T »!*••-. 'colors 'a few vardsof Yard _=zrr^___=_=z^ii=r_==:^rzz3===_rr________ YOUR PICK FROM ANYTHING ON THK TABLE. has swept the entire store. . &
ieach color- a snap FLANNELKTTES- The] YOUR PICK FROSI ANYTHING OX THE TABLE. * ;*
*"?* To close su»p. SPKCIAL lot we sold special at 5c AC ■ ■■- ■-■■-^ ■■-■■' -■ FLOK- About 18 bottles or mc -H»
T . — 1 •" ' Flannel- will go on sale to-morrow 1 .' : I " : ; ■ 111 A our _5c FLORIDA 1 O *
*£$■ . fancy CANE LA ette at Yard _O •_?_{_____■ X_~_. ! So _ I__._E_Xj1 __._E_Xj 100 TABLiE. __ WATER WAT to be closed Bottle ii.
•7 SILK STKIPK SILKS, over 69 C j (Only IS yards to a cus- Kmhrolder- Cotton lc skein ! Velvet Ribbon »ip Yard Windsor 10c Each H'll'K'FS LADIKib 1 WHIT X rr ■-.■;•> :..■ l°" tat >♦
•^- 11" Itt a .1a»oh avail eHariaa Of/ » n « A «. it TODr OluerjT LOhtOn JC&K6in V civ 61- xll DD0n ........... OC I ttlU H IMUBUr lira ll1 ' ljiiLU Tf » T^*"!!" 1 Tf I ' G Ui \'nt'VßPTr fl.'P< 1/ *" O — *-•»
i* i V l A #5 for^ai^e^in'g Yard I tomery aMjffii-J'VhBS'l&J!! a Y ftSWIS!?™ WKk/' "c^h^cSX^eri 5° . " . *
-& f r^;,^? g< r; -Tt AX - 29-inch wrap pkk ™in r chlffli : : .::V;- io^?Jm SiSShSS^iSii ISySS LTash er ;'"v.:::v.::::"iocEach w*« oni f B0do«e n u>Boonii,e Each hottikdolaks
I'ne reduction . I o close X K L FUNNEL.- Cashmere, /?C learning Cotlon ...... Skein sflk Trim mm 5c Yard Line 24. Bone Buttons. 10c Dozen | tuples at [ ROSE RUSK HO a Ls_i wo nCC V <T
■£*■ Everything We Say Is So— Reduc- WAS fleere back, very heavy.; V Darninit Wool .....lc Skein Hose Supporters 5c Pair Mohair Braid 10c Yard . ' BOWLS styles to choose from: it» /♦
•*?• cverytning: we say is so me xeauc- 10^ dark stripe effects; to close I Yard Black Tape lc Holl Corset Steels Be Kach Silk Braid 10c Yard — — — — : ,— — 31 in all ; this lot to Each *3"
£■ lions Are Actual. , . _ . _ Feather Quills. . ...IcEach Pin Books '.!'.'.'. i, ■ Each Jet Trimming. lOoYard „. ,„ 60 Assorted HAIRPINS OC close at I ,y
& K~T~\~T~V r\v o i IGI,ABB_OWRI4S>— 17x32 K-iitting Cotton .. .. Spool Bone Casing. ..5c Each Jet Bu. tons (Line 21). 10c Dozen HAIR- in a box to-morrow f0r.... & ■ ■ •?§»
JL SILK ToVedJACQUARD AC T .PJf,?. LS Inches, pure flax, fan sel- QC lorsec l.aces lc Pair .NEW. THINGS KVKKV DAY. PINS Box C 2
*=" WAS about SOU (yards to 50 VKK va c lnnge.l; see win- O Hooks and Eyes lc Paper I WAICII OUR "ADS." — j About 36 FANCY IAC '&
J6o sell, 19 inches wide Yard iaV 2 c |dow:toc.ose Each _ =u ™_ ; _ ;:;; _ :;;;: _^^ : __ . . PUFF NOVKLiY PUFF IV $
♦? A bargain ; ~~ ~~v^ ---~ ■- — v~ v« jp~^^ ~^w _._. .LADrhS K)DUL,<>\ BOXES BOXES to be closed Each iijs»
»>  , — = - ■ ■ m _>■*■ ■a • m*» vr— (/ |B| ■■■ II n Mil OLIIni /% O I Kill 4 buttons, tans and black. ji-r | out at a bargain : price . _
* PE__ U DK B _w3 Not an Article Overestimated or Misstated. L ST WEEK IN FURIMISH I IM CS ! GLOVES i«. size, : to close the 46^, ; _^^£i
SILK [ stripe effects, 22 col- qC ; . [ — — — — ; . _,^ I
Jfc, t»Oc*' rnchea S wrd C e'and™_hr ! Yard CAMCO 700 Yards of our Tan Col- ijTc Oood-by to Clearance. Good-by to these Stocks. Oood-by Prices for Good-by Week. The i ar sizes remalni-.e Hundreds of Values Just as Good Not j* '
* anteea pure .ilk. A ]V, V> "^li oui\_tmoVJow°.t Yml Wouldn't a "good buy " suit you ? Here are some. SILK of onr.-c" u'eWlLI. 350 Advertised. f
♦i, Isdcrirtce at | £_^ closed out to-morrovv at. . . ard * J ' CLOVES <JLOVEb will be closed JO
•? FANCY JACQUAR& " ViiiURFD _AX T O N ~~ ("hildren's Swansdown CHILDREN'S ALL- out Pair ' ■ < s^ >
Jb. SILK SILK, LO-lncii, flora! QQC I>K*P- 'FI4 \ \ FL-For di-inerv miO Flannelette TA M NOW | WOOL VESTS. Black- NOW ,-»
WAS stripe, changeable. CV KItY 29 'inche iwTde -sol' .' m' 12-» WERE O' SH ANTKH.S. The en- |(|C WKRE H. N. L. S., sizes 3to 7. >>C , T A grand assortment! 14*
r% SI. 25 brilliant, desirable, Yard Av\s terdav for 20c- to-morrow Y_rd 25 ° tire _5c line to be on sale i" 7.ic. These yes s sold from 75 c TO Gold and Silver tops-The I IAC CALKN- of Yosemitu Views KCC 2
*Z* stylish. Toboomthe .>„',. iivi for iOt. to-morrow "i ard at Eacn Itosl 05 each, according Each SIDE 15c lot on sale to-morrow IV DABS made up M » Calen- /O -5-V
[sale ; ""-__: ' (We have 37 of these). |10 size. ') he entire lot at. | COMBS at I Each dar for ' 97: a novelty Each ~*
*^" Vn.. M. r«i..n^.Tl,i. vv«k »♦ H.lf FLAN- FRENCH FLANNELS- 1 5 Eiderdown Flannel TaM I I.A 1) I E IMi'oßl ED " "~ ' to be on sale at
- You May See Goods This Week at Half NEL . In dots and strioes, light. OQC O'SHANTMts, very NOW STOCKINGS -8 dozen hair ornamvvts — iL
"gr the Price of Last Week. W AS or d«rk; see window; to ZJ WERE heavy solid colors, lined, I £. C pair, line blacK cashmere. NOW watt? ,-ii, nrf °^??n%. }J^7 -. CALK NBA FOR "^T
4* FANCY PLAIDS 87- 50c close the lot at _XfL d 35c' only 25 left. To be closed JO WERE | ll^rn^do, dye^nper_or 3^3° "^- S _2T^_?i_l£ 10° SSrV3*-£?_S5 4
WOOLEN inch, entirely too. OXC ! . out at ' t±± 50u ' ' and other? at 7Bc s^zes 8 Pair MENTS and 20c: to close Each CALEN- present for any one; j o-re
4^. WAS heavy to keep for OO . All-Wool Cloth TAil O' • and others at Entire lot at ' lair _ , DAKS for otlice, desk or OU .-?
<& 50c spring, all pure wool, j Yard Every Price We Quote Is New. BHANTERS, navy-blue NOW to ay., only. Entlrelotat, . drawing-room: the Each "^
J& | The entire lot to go at | WERE crown, red band, feat her O(iC LADIES' CAMB R I C I rest of the 75c lot to ■*
£ imported sun- __=_: - 50c lin side, jaunty, only a _.•'' -OWN »- Sightly soiled | NOW Our assortments are limited • there- |clOB : ttt
•4^- WOOLEN I.\U, was a barcain at , 'AC cTsES HEMMED PI i.LO W- T^C | dozen left to be sold at.... Each WERE arid mussed, elaborately | uOC uur BSSOrcmeniS are iiraueu , mere g,
£ WAS 75c: this seasons OU WERE CASEs-54.x40y 3 inches; 10 1 adiea' ALL-WOOLI *1.75. trimmed. Some sold as VO fore, these prices. ■ "^T
* " C \ choicest styles and ail Yard 17,- the 17c ones to 1:0 a' Each -i . a ? 118 , AU- ,°,° ; NOW high aa »3 50, on-? in the Each . I r In Some Cases the Assortment* Are _2_
pare wool The lotto — ' ----••■• ! __i^ VEfiS, pare wool, black NOW loc is marked $2 90. The - In Some Cases the Assortments Are
4* ' ■ Iff* — IsOTTI.nI.HAM lace KRE H. N*l R^_e_ S."* "and 48° eatlre lle »* . . Broken. A
T ' Not.cc the Pri ceTh T Goods Were Re- CUR- CURTAINS, white or $ 1 .33 5inUN SS A limited Each J.AI'Ii-b' SOFT - PIN- lOW SHIRT Our 15c SHIRT WAIST 10° . T
Notice the Price These Goods Were Re- TAINS ecru-4 yards by 58 inch- O-« niimber to be sold at I SHED MUSLIN NOW SIITRT SETS to be cosed out at lU ■*
. :.'.:. O- duced From. WERE es; the $1 .0 lot as a lead- Pair number to be sold at WERE GOWNS-Abont 3 dozen. >7,, C SETS :... Each . <^
±i " IKKMH fMP ,, SI. 50 trtbls week at Ladies' ALL-WOOLI >i...v. turndown collar. V- I O ' : : : ->
1 IVOOTFnItaTIOnk M»n vm 50 c = i-apk._77fok.| ~~ VESTS, an actual reduc- kow shaped neck. The $1 50 Each . . CLOAKS. t
Jfe WAS i wool fabric that actn" 50 TAPESTRY PO R- tion from $1 25. 11. N. a. 1 NOW lot are so.led, aud to be CLOAKS.
* M .te»jSWg «!. pok . lS^l:«3£ SY^ 5 SgHli 69 C |~^L__ Bring this -ad" for comparison. _ f
*T counter to-morrow r-t TIEKKS yil nislong; Bargain week. Pair account of limited s._e& Each WKAR-T. kind vca HOW • '_►
— EXTkI hkaTy- _ea^»t ;^^j_ (NoD.ac->. | . WERE solder 7, !• h (w« "«' fpecTa. * "£& Last week. They must go without reserve. J[
£* The most dVs rable ~ ~ ~ Ladies' BLACK ALL- ~sc. at 690), shir 18176 40 only. "±-7 r\r»r\ir?r» "^T
f WOOLENlfabric of the entire 69 C REMNANTS. WOOL DRAWER.— A .ow o£ aW 3 f"' 4f)l , 34 aUd taCh MAILORDER. 8 JACKETS size 32 Each *
£ WAS hot, 50 inches wide: OU . KtiUlN AN IS. pood Hrm heavy article. NOW dB. 'Ihe lot to clos» at .. V *-X. S JALK^S.sze ...... 39c iacn -^.
J&. SI. OO description would un- Yard WERE sizes 8 and 4 only. To 7XC UENT'S MERINO UN ■ — 80 JACKETS?, slza _4 ■«, 36 . .8«3 Each,
& derestimate it. Ask SI. cose on account of lira- 1 O DERWEAIi-Cdd sizes, n iv , f.» „« «rh iin<. ,Hv.r« «„ «-h.. 40 JACKETS, size 32, 34, 36.81. ;>5 Each. t|*"
4k lto.eetn.ilot m sizes. •-■••••••••• IJalr one of the hiphest-.rade NOW Only a few of each line advertised, so order 30 JACKETS, size 32, 34 ;6 *1. 50 Each 2
T These reductions are bona-fide, honest, A Big Remnant Sale the last Of this (0,..y »«ew of thenrj. _ ™ ? 0 c ? 0 ' VU^ccou'n" "f 1)8° as early as possible. Assortments are speedily 8 JACKETS, size 34 and SB.»a.OOl__eh *
| __2_£?_S£SS__r •-*• p-P~ft-«. WERK HsS l^ |£sj_3isSg:i ~ —— - -^^Si-sS-^
. 51. 50 leiiL-tli. About 18 pair to Jo IGRAY MERINO I NOW /- ___. T^
«L> be closed out at ..I Pair GENTS' [ SHIRT.-'— A few in sizes | '^XC // /? S// >" •*
% 937-945 Market St., 937-945 Market Street, The original price appears on many gar. we want you to doubt. Bring this -ad- 937-945 Market Street, 937-945 Market St., i
+£ SAN FRANCISCO. SAN FRANCISCO. ments. Every reduction is bona fide. and see if 'what we say is so." SAN FRANCISCO. | SAN FRANCISCO.
SAN FRANCISCO OF TO-DAY
It Beats the World for Climate, Health,
Gheapness of LiVir\g, Schools
and Libraries
CffS^HE special advantages or diaadvan
\k\ v * a £ es attaching to any locality are
<j4^ generally supposed to be known
and understood by the inhabitants of the
locality, and yet no greater fallacy exists
than such belief. It is extremely doubtful
if one man out of a hundred could give
prompt and intelligent repiy to the query,
What advantages in life do you possess by
reason of your present residence?
How many of San Francisco's dwellers
are aware of the exceptional advantages
conferred upon them by their residence in
the City of the Golden Gate? How many
have compared the cost of living here with
the cost of living elsewhere? As a matter
of actual fact— not sentimental pride in a
renowned locality, but hard, positive facts,
proven by carefrl comparison — the San
Franciscan is surrounded by a larger ca
pacity to enjoy life, because of greater
ease in the attainment of its purposes,
than is his less favored fellow-citizen of
other great cities.
In no other city in the world can the |
necessities and luxuries of life be obtained
more cheaply than in ' San Francisco.
Rents are lower hero than in any of the
Eastern cities, and owing to the phe- i
nomenal character of the climate — its re
liable habit of evenness, not too hot nor ;
too cold, but "just right," the item of j
fuel is one ol the smallest which enter
into the consideration of the total cost of j
living. The conclusion that San Fran- j
Cisco is the best city for the economical
to dwell in is proven by a comparison of
ibe prices of the necessaries of life here
and elsewhere. The following table is
compiled from the retail market prices
published in the daily paper? of the cities
meniionedon Janury 15, 1897. From it
the reader may form a correct judgment |
as to the foundation upon which rests the
claim for San Francisco's superior advan
tages as a residence for the thrifty and
economical.
CITT.
ti
9
cF
6
i
*-"
=
o
B
<-*
tr
o
•a
"sit ti
■ S 2 ■* '
i_f » s
C o . .*t •
g- £ o
O __•
2 M ' ■■' **
i ! i
— • ,
: •* :
.10 .721 6.20
.10 .70 6.10
.10 .48} 5.00
1 .10 .60 5.10
I .06, .65 5.10
IS H
_■ 3;
— _«
<» -*
? s
.50 .40
.50 ! .40
.4 5 .40
.45 .40
, .30 .30
New York
Baltimore |
.18
.18,
.16
.16)
.10
.121 .,
.12
.0
.10
|.06
Chicago
.Denver. j
San Francisco, i
The differences in prices of the articles
quoted form a powerful argument in favor
of San Francisco. Not only is the ''poor"
man interested, so the man of moderate
means, and equally so the mau of large
means. All are seeking to obtain and en
joy the fullest possible pleasure of living
at the minimum cost.
•But not alone in the matter of physical
needs is San Francisco superior in ease of
attainment, but also in the possession of
all which ministers to the attainment of
the highest intellectual improvement and
consequent enjoyment of the esthetic she
stands pre-eminent. Her schools and
colleges challenge, without fear of con
tradiction by comparison, the ability to
confer upon the seeker after advanced
knowledge the fullest possible reward
which conies of enlightened investigation
under the highest advantages cognizant
to modern science. In the domain of
natural physics, covering all of its many
branches, the California University stands
supreme.
In every department of scientific re
search relating to the phenomena of ex
isting life, this grand institution has made
an enviable recorJ. In matters extrater
restrial, dealing with things affecting our
earth, but locate! beyond its narrow
boundaries, the magoiiicent astronomical
observatory on Molit Hamilton is the
finest In tne Nation. Equipped not only
with the best mechanical appliances and
instruments known to modern scientific
research, but also with a corps of skilled
observers of reputation for learning,
in its broadest sense of the present time,
it is universally recognized as of the very
highest. An Academy of Science graces
with fitting place the great city of modern
ideas. Not one of those time-worn and
dusty agcregations of obsolete learning—
a museum of back dates— but an up-to
date school, where the student of nature
may with profit and study
and investigate the marvelous forces and
powers of the world he lives in, and be led
to the formation of intelligent conceptions
that shall aid in the betterment of his ftsi
low-men.
A great library offers the priceless treas
ures of its shelves to the acquaintanceship
of all who desire to quench 'their thirst
after knowledge with grateful and re
freshing draughts. A splendid art school
reveals to the searcher alter the beautiful
unparalleled opportunity to acquire that
facility of fixing for the enjoyment of
others the grand conceptions of inspired
mind. The stability of all future greatness
is dependent upon the training of the
present child. San Francisco early recog
nized this important truth, and in her ad
mirable system of high standard public
schools is found the assurance of the per-
petuation of her marvelous growth in all
that marks progress and cultivation. And
each and all of these priceless possibilties
of improvement and enjoyment are the
property of the citizens of San Francisco.
There is no price attached to the acquire
ment of the privileges of employing to the
fullest extent uny of the exceptional ad
vantages I here otimmarize.
But, says the stranger, does not the pres
ence of all these public institutions entail
expense? And does not the citizen have
to contribute more largely to the generaj
fund for their existence? The best an
swer to such inquiry is found in the fact
that San Francisco has the smallest public
dabt of any city of her size, and her tax
rate is lower than any similar city ; not
withstanding she has line pubic build
ings, whose grandeu. and dimensions will
not suffer by comparison elsewhere. That
the true spirit of modern improvement is
understood and applied by her is evi
denced by her low death rate. The excep
tional salubrity of her climate, its bealing
qualities and marked uniformity have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897.
long made her the "City of Refuge" for
tens of thousands of broken-down in
valids from the older Eastern and Mid
dle States, many of whom reach the Guld
en Gate in such enfeebled condition that
exhausted nature succumbs to the exhilar
ation of real life, the frayed thread of ex
istence b-ing unable to stand the vigorous
vibrations called into play in the pres
ence of pure air and absolutely healthful
surroundings. Were the deaths from
causes originating outside of the City to
be eliminated from the tables of mor
tality San Francisco's death rate would
stand lower than that of any other city
upon the globe.
So much for San Francisco as a dwell
ing place. What of her as a business city ?
Dunns: the year of our Lord 1896, just
past, California stands upon record as the
largest producer in the Union of gold,
wine, hone}', beet sugar, tigs, raisins,
orange*, lemons, olive«, walnuts and
almonds. Her wheat crop amounted to
nearly 29,000,000 bushels.
In n book published in London, England,
in 1876, entitled, "History and Descrip
tion of Modern Wines, 1 " the author, Mr.
Cyrus Redding (regarded in Europe as
competent authority), gives very full sta
tistics regarding the matters of which he
treats. He prints, among other lists, one
of the countries producing liquors and
wines, and the list contains but one men
tion of tne United State?, and that as the
producer of "Peach Brandy."
Since then, in two decades, what mar
velous growth has been attained in wine
production in California. The product of
the California vineyards for 1896 is esti
mated by very conservative authority to
exceed 20,000,000 gallons, in addition to
the production of 84,000,000 pounds of
!ai-<ins.
Is it good wir.e? Let those whose
peculiar educational training fits them to
be competent judges reply. One of the
be?t qualified judges of wines, and one
whose opinion is of world- wide recognition
and who is now with us engaged in an ex
haustive examination of our wines, says
unreservedly that "no liner wines are pro
duced than those of California." The
production of line wine requires certain
special conditions. For the "dry" wine
there must be valleys into which the sea
fogs and mists penetrate; for "sweet"
wines there is required inland regions, ap
proaching a degree of aridity. Moreover,
there is required a peculiar soil. Italy
and Southern France have long been
recognized as the natural growing grounds
of the wine grape. The special conditions
there found are the result of geologic
action — known as volcanic — marked by the
presence of soils due to the decomposition
of basalts and lavas extruded over the
face of the country during periods of vol
canic energy in tho past.
Precisely similar conditions of the
earth's surface are found in Western Cali
fornia. No region upon the face of the
globe exhibits more emphatic evidence of
volcanic ection than does the Pacific por
tion of California, and nowhere in the
United S'.ates can be grown with equal
success the true wine grape.
For every product of the State San Fran
cisco is the natural' market. Some small
proportion of the products find their way
to less favored regions of the interior of
the continent and d 0 not make their ap
pearance in San Franc'sco in actual pres
ence; but the transaction of their sale and
trans-fer is accomplished here; the business
of the transaction is conducted here. The
Board of Trade, the Merchants' Exchange,
the Produce Exchange and numerous
lesser institutions of a similar character
control and really handle the vast masses
of California's bountiful harvests. Other
lands than our own enjoy the fruits of
our production. Cnina, Japan, Australia
and India are eating our cereais, building
with our woods, luxuriating on our fruits.
jit is not essential In this latter day that
i man should contine his labors to the pro
duction of the necessaries of his immediate
surrounding?.
Man often makes use of a country with
out any reference to its agricultural
capacities. He seeks the minerals under
its soil; he turns clay into pottery; he
utilizes water-power for his factories; he
sects barren coasts for fishing — in other
words, he seeks his gain without reference
to climate or soil. Improved means of
transportation have increased his com
mand over nature. He is no longer held
to rivers and valleys as natural highways,
but can seek ana use the most direct and
speediest routes. The cheapness and
celerity and certainty of modern trans
portation give him command over the re
sources of the world. He is able to carry
on his work of production without regard
to individual food-production, and is thu.s
enabled to choose as his workshop and
i dwelling - place climates and locations
agreeable to his health and fancy. His
intellectual and emotional desires lead
him to seek Jarge cities, and this he is en
abled to do by the face that he can carry
on his occupation independent of his own
particular effort in the line of food-gather
inz." Still he is in a measure suoject to
his environments, dependent upon nature;
but the development of his powers has
rendered more elastic the cord which
must always bind him to nature's caprices.
i Here is the cord more flexible.
It has often been expressed by many
that the mantle of inspiration occasion
ally falls upon the shoulders of the
mortal and that there is given forth
to men a foreshadowing of the future.
In the early days when human longings
sought their fulfillment an unknown
prophet conferred upon our State it 3 sym
bolic title, "El Dorado." Every succeed
ing year from that day to the present has
but strengthened the belief in the
genuineness of the inspired exclamation
as applied to California. The mighty
city at the gate of the Orient has kepi
apacs with the sturdy development of the
happy title. Commerce, health, pleasant
living, literal ure, art, science, progress
ha,ve each and all maintained their steady
march to the creation of the ideal city.
Wealth has come, but without oppres
sion. Citizenship reigns supreme. The
foundations Jaid fifty years ago show the
wisdom of the builders, for upon their
broad ba^es has arisen a metropolis which
in its natural growth shall soon eclipse
the proudest city of the world.
F. M. Close.
The KUie Mutineers.
The United, States Grand Jury yesterday
found a bill of indictment against C. Matin, C.
Henry, K. Johnson, J. Fresher, G. Moore, T.
Graurs and A. Olsen, sailors on the sealing
schooner Klsif. The vessel left l'ort Townsend
eßrly in this month for a sealing cruise for the
huniin« ([rounds in tae North Pacific. Alter
a week at s a the seven sailors, according to
the complaint, refused to obey the orders of
the master, F. W. Currie, wUo desired to ro to
the Japsn waters to hunt, so the tlsio was
brought into lhis part and the men put under
arrest. The indicunent contninS four counts,
in which the sailors are nccused ot refusing to
obey orders lo lig:it side lamps and to set sail.
Jkwkiry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
Increase of Capital Stuck.
E. A. Green and George A. Gott hnve filed a
certificate setting forth that the capital stock
of the American Condensed Kllk Company
has been increased to $50,000. It was for
merly $15,000.
Fine half-tone printing by skilled men and
modern machinery. Myseli-Roilins, 22 Clay.*
FAINTED IN COURT.
Chita Jackson, Alias Emma (lcverlv,
Overcome by Judge Dunne's
Decision In Her Case.
Chita Jackson, alias Emma Cleverly,
fainted in Judge Dunne's courtroom yes
terday when the Judge decided that she
must go back to court and stand trial for
grand larceny.
Miss Cleverly or Jackson attracted con
siderable attention at the time of the
murder of Eugene Ware by declaring that
she saw 'a mysterious woman in blacfc"
leaving the premises soon after the crime
was committed. Her story was found to
be untrue. Subsequently she frequented
disreputable resorts and has been several
times arrested for petty crimes, but
hitherto has escaped punishment.
After her commitment in the Police
Court she applied to Judge Dunne for a
writ of habeas corpus on the ground that
she was illegally held to answer. His
Honor gpve the testimony a careful ex
j amination and concluded that no error
had been made in the court below. When
he announced this decision and ordered
the prisoner remanded to the custody of
t!ie Sheriff she shrieked dismally and Jell
in a faint. Bailiff Sullivan applied re
storatives, and as soon as the lady recov
ered her usual composure gallantly
escorted her to Her seat in the Black Maria.
BIG MONEY WANTED.
Butler, Bnek and Olilnudt Sued for
Nearly Half a Million Dollars.
John L. Haskell, as receiver of the prop
erty of the S. S. Construction Company,
has sued C. C. Butler, John A. Buck,
Nicholas Ohlandt and the S. S. Construc
tion Company to collect unpaid capital
stock of the S. S. Construction Company
as follows: From C.C.Butler, $250,000";
from John A. Buck, $125,000; lrom Nich
olas Ohlandl, $75,000.
The complaint sets forth that the plain
tiff is informed and believes and therefore
on information and belief alleges the fact
to be that all of the other owners and
holders of said subscribed capital stock are
wholly insolvent, which is considered suf
ficient reason for uot suing them.
The action herein is begun under and
by the written direction of Judge Heb
bard of the Superior Court.
SEW TO-DAT.
ANOTHER
UNEQUALED
BARGAIN
QO CA FOR PRETTY
<P^r.vJVJ ROMAS chair
IX lAHQ6AII, OAR
_MD FOREST 611EI.
SAMPLES OF OLlt MONEX-SAVLNG
PKICRB:
OAK CANE-SEAT RuCKEtiS fi"S°
CENTEK- i'A 811ii5. . . ... .............. ........ zf\c
OAK DIN iING-CH A iJRS. braced*. '.'.".'.."'.. ...rrrc
ENAMKIIkb BEDS, brais mountei... O C
.. ... tjptJ.Ccl
4- ROOM OUTFIT COMPLETE—
Kitchen, parlor, bedroom, dining- (Jt'Tf^ f\(\
room «IP I O.\)\J
Stove Department Second Floor.
US' Country Orders Filled Promptly.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233-235-237 Post Street
: . (Near Stockton).
130-132-134 Morton Street.
OPEN BVKNXNGH.
NEW TO-DAY.
KNnJriNGCQ.
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
Formerly at 120 Sinter Street,
WILL HIT your...
SILK. WOOLEN,
TO ORDER LINEN. MERINO and
in. COTTON
UNDERWEAR!
OSk LOUIS ZEH f
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS,
F TOILET ARTICLES,
FHE WISES A\D LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts, l' 2V 2 c size cut to 100
I.a Rosa. 12VaCslze /. cut to 103
Sanchez & iluya. 12y 2 cslze.. cut 0 10?
El Telegraplio, 121/2 C size cut to 10s
General Arthur, JOe straight cnttoBfor2so
General Burnside, 10c straight cut to 3 for 253
Figaro. 5c straight cut t0 6 for 33a
Klngß, J>c straight cut to tt lor Jjj
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
THE PAINTER
HAS REMOVED TC
579 / MISSION ST.
ROSLYN COAL!
THE nOST ECONOMICAL IN THE MARKET.
BY THE BACK 15c
BY THE TON 98. 00
Try a sack or ton from the old reliable yard.
GKO. JO>'K\ Mansisrer.
_ , 251 Steven* on Street,
Tel. Black 2341. Between Third and Fourth
Special Kates to Hotels and Kestauranls.
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEABNY AND WASHINGTON BT3.—
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKDdkoo,
European. plan. Koomi 6Oc to *1 50 per day, 41
to $8 per week, $8 to $30 per mourn: tree i>attu;
hot and com water every room; tint gralM 14
every room; elevator run* aiinizat.
CC patents! a)
*~A. -*^rT*iniiiTfrirT"*"" 1 "* J *"' "*"li.Cril II
bd MARKET ST.S.F>SS/
NEW TO-DATJ
Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Best , |M Will
Od MM Wear
Earth, Jolsh Well,
$1.50. m^^hm $i ? SQ,
OUR GOOD NAME
Has never been questioned. We have
dealt honestly with the public and thrived.
Do you doubt that we are blockaded? If so
come to the corner of Third and Market
streets and judge for yourself. We must
sell cheap to do business. We never de-
ceive the public. What you buy of us we
guarantee, special for this week: Ladle*'
Cloth or Kid Top Button shoes, pointed or
medium square toes and V-shaped patent
leather tips: straight vamps: best vici kid;
cloth warranted fast; will be sold at Si 50
a pair.
children's and Misses* Cloth or Kid Top
j Button Shoes, medium-square toes and
patent leather tips, spilnc; heels, same ma-
terial as in ladies' shoes, sold as follows:
Sizes 8 to 101/ a $100
Sizes 11 toa.. 125
•CD
TULE INSOLES,
15c a Pair.
TULE INSOLES.
tPF Country orders solicited.
O&- Send for New illustrate! Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKi,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
JO Third St.. San FrancUoo.
h. A.Bertellng Pres. H. N'ordman. Vice-
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Kordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is tbe very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority lias not yet beea
equaled.
■ We have no rivals. We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upoa
the merits of our work tor success.
v^^ffe^at-. DR. YIRi'PW'S
-^ffiiSfe ■ ELEOIRIC BELT,
cs^^c^g^Ri-3 IJelt made. Has cured
'n77!^irjss^{Jjv more people than all
alb." ' other celta combined.
irjj|%s Yon might as well
■»«£? have the best, as it
costs no more. Call or address
THE VIRCHOW EI ECTRICCO. 100 Stockton St., SP
These thy Cap3u!e3 are superior
c\ to Balsam of Copaiba, /^N
I\ 1 CubebsorlniectionsandfMHW
Jgj ] CURE IN 48 HOURS
LwJ the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience,
. Sold by all druggists.