VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 133.
DRIVING BACK
THE TURKS ON
THE FRONTIER
Greek Invaders of Macedonia
Occupy the Town
of Baltino*
BLOCKADE TROOPS IN BARRACKS.
Already the Loss Inflicted Upon the Moslem
Forces Is Serious, and the Army
of the Sultan Is Eager for
Open Warfare.
LARISSA, Greece, April 11.— The
Greeks who invaded Macedonia on Fri
day have occupied the town of Baltino,
despite the efforts of the Turkish troops
to check their advance. The garrison at
Baitino numbers 800 troops, all of whom
are now blockaded in the barracks.
Tbe insurgents have taken a number of
■prisoners, nine of whom have been Bent
to Kalambaka. Reports of the successes
of the insurgents have reached the ears of
the trooj p here and have creatly excited
them. They are eager for an ot>en dec
laration of hostilities and orders to ad
vance. Crown Prince Constantine and
other Greek commanders find difficulty in
checking the enthusiasm of the men.
ELAtrSONA, Macedonia., April 11.— Up
to this afternoon the precise detp.iis of the
fighting in the vicinity of Gravena have
not been received. Ed;. em Pasha, the
Turkish commander-in-chief, has sent an
officer to Gravena to ascertain all the
facts. It is undoubtedly due to the fact
that Edhem Pasha has nit yet received
positive information that Greek regular
troops were among the invaders that the
oru t for an advance of the Turkish army
lias not been given.
ATHENS, Greece, April 11.— The Gov
ernment has forbidden the circulation of
official reports of tbe incursion of Greeks
into Macedonia. It is said that every
effort was made to prevent the leaguers
from leaving Greece, but they evaded the
vigilance of the troops and got across the
frontier. Other insurgent bands are along
the frontier of Epirus, but detachments
of the regular GreeC army are keeping
them under surveillance to prevent them
from moving. Contradictory reports con
tinue to be received regarding the move
ments of the Greeks who crossed into
Macedonia and fought the Turks there.
One report says the lighting close to the
frontier hag entirely ceased, but that the
insurgent Greeks are battling in the in
terior of Macedonia. It is asserted they
gained material successes in the engage
ments along the frontier. The Greek loss
is stated to have been several killed and
wounded, while the loss inflicted upon
the Turks was far more serious.
The Italian volunteers under command
of Amilcar Cipriani, the well - known
Socialist agitator, are on the frontier,
where they nave adopted energetic action
against the Turks. They have blown up
with dynamite several Turkish outposts,
and it is said they have caused consider
able uneasiness among the Turkish lead
ers, who fear the success already achieved
will cause them to attempt the further
use of dynamite, which would demoralize
tne troops. The Government has mi
Troop of Turkish Cavalry.
M ,h Th l S t ! PiCtUrC ' reprod "- ed from a Photograph, represent* a troop of one of the crack cavalry re R iments of the Imperial Ottoman army. The men are armed with
carbines of the most app.. , d pattern, have been tuorouguiy drilled and are considered excellent soldiers.
The San Francisco Call
i structed its agent at Constantinople to I
j deny that Greek regulars took part in the
i invasion of Macedonia.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 11. j
— The Porte has Sent a circular letter to
the Turkish representatives, declaring tne
force thai crossed the frontier Friday were
Greek regular troops. The letter adds
that the Greeks had artillery and directed
I the movements by a bugle corps, which
would not have been the case otherwise.
For these reasons the Porte contends that
Greece was the aggressor, and that Turkey,
i therefore, iseniiued to assume liberty of
action.
A circular issued by the Porte subse
! quent to the above says the Greek in
: vader3 were driven back and the status
: quo on the frontier has been restored.
WAR WILL FOLLOW.
Henry Norman Reviews the Creek
Situation, Which Could Not Ba
Much Worse.
LONDON, Kng., April 11.— A Lariasa
dispatch says the general opinion is that
war will be declared to-morrow or Tues
day. The Greek outposts are being quietly
strengthened. Pmall deiachments of
troopa are being sent forwaid utider cover
of darkness.
Henry Norman, special commissioner
of the London Chronicte, who is about to
retmrn from Athens, telegraphs he has
had farewell interviews with King George,
Prime Minister Delyannis and bkouzes,
Minister of Foreign Affairs. From their
conversation Norman regretfully draws
the deduction that the situation could i,ot
be much worse. The frontier incident, he
says, will probably be closed, but if it does
not set the frontier atiie it will only be
due to the discipline of the regular troops
t ami the severity of orders ttiat they re
main quiet.
Norrnau declares that Greece has loy
ally restrained the irregulars to the ut
most of her power. She repeatedly warned
Europe she could not cheek them defi
nitely. If the present act does not pre
cipitate matter? the next wiU. Despite
ihe fact that Turkey is defyins the treaty
of Berlin and fortifying Preveza at the en
trance to the Gulf of Arta, Greece has re
frained from exercising her undoubted
right to forcibly prevent the construction
of these fortifications.
Norman says a friendly power a few
days ago pressed King George to make a
proposal respecting Greece. The King re
piiec: ''Greece hat already made three
proposals— annexation, Bosnian regime
and piebi-cite — ai.d has no other to make.
If the powers reaily want pence they need
only stop trying to thrust upon Cretans a
regime they would die rather than accept
and allow them to decide tbeir own fate."
'lhe writer continues: "Prime Minister
Pelyannis' last words to me were: 'I have
but little hope. It appears toe diplomats
at Constantinople have gone no further
SAN FKANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 12, 1897.
RIZA PASHA, the Turkish Minister of War.
Riza Pasha has been at the head of the War Office of Turkey for the past six years. He gained a reputation for bravery
and ability in the field during the wnr with Russia, and has been gradually advanced until he was given the direction of all
the military forces of the empire. There are seven army corps, in addition to the forces in Crete, which have their bead
quarters in Constantinople, Aarianople, Monastir. Etzeroum, Beyrut, Bagdad and Yemen. Each has from 35,000 to 40,000
men, drawn from the surrounding provinces, and is well supplied witto military stores and all necessary equipment.
than agreeing upon the principle of the
Cretan Assembly, and that the Cretans
shall elect their own Prince."
The Times prints these details of the
Gravena skirmish: A band of 1500, com
manded by Greek officers, crossed the
frontier near Balino, and advanced to
ward Gravena Friday. They encountered
the picket of tbe Fifteenth Chasseurs in
the woods and surrounded them. The
Sixth Battalion of Chasseurs, under com
mand of Islam Pasha, came to the rescue,
and two hours later drove the insurgents
to the frontier, killing 150. The number
of Turks killed is not known.
A.n Attack on the Turk*.
LARISSA, Greece. April IL— It is ru
mored here that an attack has been made
on the Turks at the rear oi Mount Olym
pus, where the Greeks have succeeded in
planting a flag.
FACE TO FACE.
A Place Where the Turks and the
Greeks Confront One Another.
Frotn opposite sides of the straits of
Prevesa at the narrowest part the Turks
and the Greeks are closely watching each
other and the entrance to the Gulf of
Arta, which stretches away eastwardly
into the land for some twonty-hve miles,
and whose control means much to both
parties. At the extremity of the penin
sula, on which stands the old city of
Prevesa, and just outside its walls the
Turks have two strong fortresses — the
one with its principal face southwest to
ward the sea and the other facing directly
across the narrow channel. On the oppo
site side, a little over a mile away, on the
heights above tlie town of Aktion of an
cient fame, siand two Greek fortresses —
Fort Fanta anfl another of more recent
construction, having a mure direct com
mand of Preveso itself.
Both parties are ready for any move,
and a declaration of war or an> attempt
on the part of either to violate the stipu
lations of the treaty of Berlin and send
ships with military stores or war material
into the gulf will witness a critical test of
the strength of the works and the effi
ciency of those that man them. It is not
acre, however, that the clash may bi
looked for. Twenty miles away on the
Grecian side of the Arta River lies the
city of Arta, the Ambracia of the ancients.
Whatever may bo said of the uncer
tainty as to the exact location of the
frontier line between Thp^aaly and Upper
Macedonia and the difficulty of deter
mining when one party is trespassing on
the territory of the other, and the conse
quent room afforded for explanations and
disavowal of overt acts of invasion, does
not apply here. Juat south o» the moun
tain pas? of Metrovo, a few miles to the
northeast of Janina, the frontier line
strikes the head of the river Artn, and,
following the middle of that stream down
to the gulf, cuts olf the port of Epirus be
tween the Arta and tbe crest of the Pindus
Mountain range, running nearly parallel
with the river, ar. d gives it to the Greek*.
Oo the east side of the liver are to be
found Greeks under Greek rule, contented
and happy Ujat after centuries of waiting
I a beneficent Providence has answered
their prayers for release from Moslem
rule. On the west side, and within fifty
miles of Christian Italy, the people, as a
whole, are at.il! Greek— Greek in religion,
Greek in language and Greek In the sacred
memories of the past and blessed hopes of
the future. But. in spite of tbe blood so
freely poured out by Bozzaris and other
lovers of Christian liberty, they are, by
the dictate of the devil or his late agents,
tie diplomats of the Berlin Conference of
1878, separated from their brothers over
the river, and still kept under the rule of
the Turk. A start is all that is needed to
I set them into an open flame. Turkish
! troops are always kept among them in
force, but these are now engaged in watch
ing the Greeks.
At the City of Arta a stone bridge of a
single arch spans the river.
At the opposite ends of this bridge,
but a few rods apart, witti cannon trained
and guns ready, the Turks and the Greeks
are awaiting the signal for attack and
closely icrutinizeall who come and go. A
state of war, except actual fighting, al
ready prevails. Not only, here, but at
many other points, the river frontier is
readily crossed. Greeks going over rind
themselves among frn«nds. The Turks
nre literally in an enemy's country under
an armistice which may be broken at any
moment. Should the Greeks be able to
force a pasrnge and hold their own in
j Epirus by seizing the roads leading north
j ironi Preveea they will effectually cut off
the Turkish garrison there from all com
munication with Janina and other towns
to the north, and with their navy would
soon make the reduction of the city a
matter of a short time.
SHOCKING FATE OF
A STRANGE WOMAN
Murdered and Decapitated
While Walking in
the Woods.
Her Head Found 200 Yards From
the Body, Which Had Been
Stripped of Flesh.
A Wcod-Cuiter Who Disappeared
About the Same Time as tbe
Victim, Is Supected.
MOUNT VERNON, 111., April 11.—
Boys passing through the woodland on
the Volney Osborne farm, five miles north
west of this city, yesterday, found a
woman's head lying near the public road
leading to Richview. They reported the
discovery. A searching party was organ
ized. They found the body 200 yards from
where the head lay, with the flesh stripped
from the bones, both the trunk and head
beine so badly decomposed as to render
recognition i m possible.
Deputy Ccroner Scatterfield to-dtfy held
an inquest. Tbe testimony showed the
body to be that of a woman who was in
the locality early in November. She was
apparently of middle ace, under medium
height, with Dlack hair. She s-tayed in
the neighborhood two or three days. She
refused to divulge her name, DUt said her
home was in Carmi, HI., m.d that she was
going afoot to St. Louis.
The last seen of her alive was while
walking along the road on which her body
was found. A man who passed her
shortly after she had entered the wood a
quarter of a mile farther on encountered
a woodcutter, to whom he mentioned the
woman's approach. The woodcutter said
he would take her along in his wagon.
They were never seen together, but the
theory is that another Pearl Bryan mur
der has been committed. It is said that
the man suspected of the crime left the
country shortly after the woman's disap
pearance.
DESCENDANTS OF SIR FRANCIS.
They Form an Association to Lay Claim
to the Drake d;ate in England
Worth Millions.
ALTOONA, Pa., April 11.— Two hun
dred descendants of Sir Francis DraKe,
the famous English navigator, have
formed an association in the western part
of Pennsylvania, to put forward a claim
to what was once nis estate. The prop
erty is situated in Devon and Somerset
counties, England, and consists of about
6000 acres and over $200,000,000 cash accu
mulation of rentals for about 150 years.
They say the famous sailor lent property
to his two sons, John and Francis. In
1749 the hoirs of Francis Drake became
extinct and the estate reverted to the
heirs of John. The members of the asso
ciation claim to be direct descendants of
John.
CRAZED BY THE CALAMITY.
Sad News From the Tornado-Swept City
of Chandler — Everybody Constructing
Cyclone Cellars.
PERRY, Oklahoma. April 11 News
comes from Chandier, the city whicn was
nearly wiped out by a tornado two weeks
ago, in which twenty were killed and
nearly a hundred wounded, that many of
the wounded and some not injured have
Cone crazy. Women principally are af
flicted. It is estimated that more than
1000 cyclone caves are being made
throughout the region, although the town
was never tornado-swept before.
CUBANS CRUSH
THEIR SPANISH
ADVERSARIES
An Overwhelming Defeat of
Forces Under Zamora *
in Matanzas.
VICTORIES FOR THE PATRIOTS.
Weyler Greatly Worried Over the Fate of
the Garrison at the Fort at Seborucal,
Which Was Bombarded With
Dynamite Shells.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 11. — News comes
from Matanzas of a bis: battle fought yes
terday near the estate Andes, a few miles
from El Coliseo. Tha Spanish official re
port published here claims one of the
greatest victories obtained by the Span
iards since the war began.
From other sources, however, it is
known the tight ended in the total defeat
of the Spanish column led by Colonel
Zamora, with Captain Andrade in com
mand of the cavalry force?. The news
proves the strength of the revolution in
Matanzas province, where, according to
the last official communications, only a
few scattering insurgent bands remained.
The Spanish confess the loss of thirty
four killed and tifty-one wounded, Dul, as
in all similar cases, the casualties were
only among the regular soldiers of the
battalion, and the killed and wounded of
the guerilla forces, which, according to the
Spanish plan, always march in front of
each column, are not mentioned. The
Cuban general, Betancourt, reports that
Zamora lost 120 men in the engagement.
The battie began after the Spaniards
had completed the destruction of the
plantation at Andes, under the instruc
tions of General Molina, commander of
the Spanish forces in the province, who
received news that the insurgent! wera
taking provisions from that estate. He
sent Zamora with 2500 men to reduce the
whole prop2tty to ashes. After that work
was completed, when Zamora was leaving
the place, his vanguard was suddenly at
tacked by the Cuban cavalry.
The engagement lasted five hours, and
the Spanish column was compelled to re
tire to El Coli»eo, which Zamora entered
about 6 o'clock in the evening, with the
soldiers panic-stricken and man/ missing.
Of the cavalry of Captain Andrade only a
few men remained.
In Pinar del Rio the war is being carried
on with great enthusiasm by the insur
gents. An engagement is reported at San
Francisco and Recompensa between the
Spanish forces of Veraga and the Cubans,
led by Bermudez, in which both sides had
heavy losses.
Weyler is reported to be greatly con
cerned over the fate of the garrison of the
principal Spanish fort at Seborucal, near
Placetas. The fort was attacked Friday
by a large force of insurgents who bom
barded it with dynamite shells from a
pneumatic cannon. The fort was utterly
destroyed, half the garrison being killed,
and the other half, excepting four men,
captured. Those who escaped fled to
Placetas.
General Weyler and staff arrived at
Placetas yesterday from Sancti Spiritus,
after having made an inspection at the
Jucaro-Moron trocha.
FITZ AND JIM FOOLED.
They Were Induced to Pocket a
Very Small Share of ths
Picture Privilege.
Statements That Caused ths Pugilists
to Take a Moderate Part of
the Proceeds.
BOSTON. Maps., April 11.— According
to a letter received by Editor George V.
Tuohey of the Spotting Review yesterday
from a man close to Enoch the report that
the Rector pictures of the Carson fight
are a failure was sent out to help kill the
bills prohibiting the exhibition of the
pictures now before several Legislatures.
Charley Mulien, who assisted Rector in
makins the picture?, is quoted by Tuohey
as stating In an interview that tbey were
perfect in every respect. Tuohey's cor
respondent further says:
"It will surprise the average person to
learn that Corbett and Fitz-<immons eacli
received $3666 66, or one-third oi $11,000,
the fgure supposed to have been paid by
Rector to Stuart for the control of the
pictures.
"This is how it was done: Fitzgimmons
raised a rumpu* over the money and
tin uly changed the articles of agreement
so tnat he and Co:b::U were given a tl.ur i
interest, and it was agreed that the com
bination should wort on a royalty, with
Stuart as a third party.
"A few days later the machines were
seized in New York, ana to the uniniti
ated it looked as though tn«y could not be
forwarded to Carson in time for the fight.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
This friehtened Fitzsimmons and Corbett
into accepting Stuart's statement, th«t
Rector was willing to pay $11,000 and take
bis chances.
"After considerable bickering Stusrt told
Fitzsimmons and Corbett that there was
danger of the pictures beint; spoiled De
cause of the rarefied condition of the ar.
Th:s proved a settler, and the men signed
on the terms made by Stuart. Edison was
willing to pay at least $250,000 for the
picture privilege. Thus Stuart outsharped
the boxers and secured for $11,000 some
thing for which another concern was will
ing to pay $250,000. Wheelock, Rector
and Stuart form the combination tnat se
cured the privil«ees."
ONE DEAD, THREE DYING.
Result of a Shooting Affray at
the Mining Camp of
Altman.
Serious Trouble Follows the Attempt
of a Drunken Miner to Sop
a Pool Game/
!
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 11.-A
serious shooting affray occurred this aft
ernoon at Altman, one of the mining
camps of this district, about five miles
southeast of the city, at the top of the
famous Bull Hill. The trouble occurred
during the progress ot a gsrae of pool, and
was started by a miner named John Cox,
who was intoxicated. Cox attempted to
stop the game, and was warned by the
other Dlayers— Robert Dailey, Harry
Minor and Samuel Losher— not to inter
fere.
Cox suddenly drew his gun and shot
Dailey in the chest, the latter dying in
stantly. Minor and Losher attempted to
disarm Cox, but he turned the weapon
upon them, wounding eacn in rapid suc
cession.
As Losher fell a shot from his revolver
inflicted a mortal wound upon Cox.
Losher's injuries are probably fatal, while
there Is no hope for the recovery of Minor.
The latter is tne superintendent of the
famous Victor mine, one of the largest
gold properties in the Cripple Creek dis
trict. He is a man of considerable orom
inence, while ail the men who participated
in the affair are well known at Altman.
The body of Dailey has been brought to
this city and the three dying men are at
the Miners' Union Hospital. This is the
most serious tragedy that ever occurred in
the camp, and has created great excite
ment.
raw to-dat:
■Vtf&3SS£a£s£&32S__Ul Who doesn't
,'.|jfc3^gfei§3HEp^y% k n o w that horrid
"TBPt itf^fSl nightmare when
it^&SF .he feet refuse to
i NSffl&r ' C^i^r move, and you
A^^^raTl'v! drag yourself along by
/2ttSs7 if [I I main force, with some sort
$&$&? I Id I of terror chasing after you?
&i i& j[ 111 It is something the same
BE f\ f I way with the waking night-
jij&fl /! '\ mare of "Vjilionsneiis." It
P^y^ II J ] seems to paralyze your en-
B» iV / ~ ill er B'^ es i w^JK a >' ou do "
HDr k\<Z Tl'ike lead; and drag yon
%. i\\ >^-^ /«\ back with an unshakeable
. L-N-»- -• •*"• clutch. You can't get
«way from the misery that pursues you.
You feel dull and languid and low-spirited ;
your' appetite is poor, your stomach is out
of order, your sleep is disturbed, you are
! irritable and "cranky." There's no real
lively enjoyment of life. What you need is
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery to
1 tone up your liver and help it in working
1 Ibe impurities out of your blood. The liver
j has' a large share of this purifying work to
! do and sometimes it gets over-loaded so the
impurities back up on to the other organs
of the body : the kidneys or skin or lungs,
and take root, then it's a harder matter to
! clear them cut Wherever they settle they
are all blood diseases just the. same, and the
"Discovery," will cure any blood disease
•.hat was ever named, scrofula, eczema, ca-
! tarrh, ulcers, swellings, severe coughs and
even consumption. But the cure is a hard-
I er job when the trouble has gone as far
las that. The right way 13 to go at these im-
I purities before they take root, while they
are still floating in the blood and over-load-
' ing the liver. Drive them out early. You
I can do it surely every time, with the
"Golden Medical Discovery."
• Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser is the greatest family doctor book evet
jMij ;;^w published. . It explains hu-
!^^-^!^»w man physiology and the lawi
of life arid health in plain
, B tcl^ - ye ' scientific language. It
**VH < «S'' 11 has had a tremendous sale j
Vs^H.i!2i*> < JB°>«» copies at Si 50 each
""h* 0 " 0 bound in cloth. The present
free edition is « the same in
•few, -B tfji ' al ' res P. e ot« except that it is
bound in strong manilla pa-
""*es^^ per covers. A copy will be ,
absolutely V given away . to '. anyone ; who
sends 21 ; one-cent ; stamps : to . pay cost of
mailing on/v, to". World's Dispensary Mcd-
! ical Association, N*. 663 Main Street,
j Buffalo. N. Y.2
SMALLPOX SCARE
AT HONOLULU
New Chinese Minister to
This Country Refused
a Landing. '
Gaelic Quarantined Because She
Comes From an Infected
Japanese Port.
Annexation Agitator to Bs Sent to
Washington —Japanese Immigra
tion—Military Dissensions*
«
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April 3-— At a
special meeting of the Board of Health
this morning, called to take action on the
arrival of the Oriental anil Occidental
steamship Gaelic, it was decided that no
exception could be made in the case of the
new Chinese Minister to the United
State?, who was on board and desired to
land with his retinne for a two days' stay
in this port. While tbe vessel herself had
a clean bill of health and there had been
no sickness or deaths on the passage, the
reports received, from Dr. Eidredge, the
Hawaiian Consul and sanitary inspector
at Yokohama, concerning the spread of
smallpox in the Japanese empire, were so
alarming that the board did not hesitate
a minute in arriving at a conclusion to
Btrictly enforce the existing quarantine
regulations. Dr. Eldredge reports 124
cases with 43 deaths in Yokohama alone
for the two weeks ending March 23. For
the ten days between March 13 and 23
there was a total of 3743 cases in the
Japanese empire, with 1100 deaths — a very
high percentage. In all aces but Yoko
hama the disease was steadily on the in
crease.
The Gaelic was allowed to coma up to
the wharf in quarantine and discharge
her freight for fumigation. No one is al
lowed to land from the vessel, even on
me wharf, and no one bat the quarantine
officials can go near her. The Chinese
community is much disappointed over
their failure to entertain their distin
tinguished visitor and have been loading ;
him down with fruits and flowers and
other presents to show their respect. The
Hawaiian Government would have ex
tended the Minister much courtesy had
he been allowed to land, bet under the
circumstances could only express their
regrets in a communication from the !
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
T.e Minister, whose full name is Ng
Choy V>"u Tine Fong, speaks fluent Enc
ash, having been educated in London,
■where he studied law. He afterward
practiced that profession successfully in
ihe courts of Hongkong, where he
eventually attracted the attention of Li
Hung Chang, afterward becoming bis
private secretary. In this capacity he
baa much to do with the Japanese treat
ies, and his present promotion is un
doubtedly cue to the influence of his pow
erful patron.
Since the Japanese steamers have been
running to this port, neither the Pacihc
Mail nor the Occidental and Oriental lines
have carried »ny Japanese immigrants or
freight to speak of. It is said that the
recent action of the Hawaiian Govern
ment in refusing a landing to over 600
immigrants brought in Japanese steamers
13 due to the receipt of information of the
methods adopted in obtaining and ship
ping them by the agents in Japan fur
nished by the rival lines, who felt the loss
of this lucrative branch of their trade
severely.
In view of the threatened complica
tions with Japan there is a very general
desire expressed that President McKinley
will send out a successor to Minister
Willis at once.
By way of Australia the news is re
ceived that H. M. S. Penguin will sail
from Sydney lor Honolulu some lime this
month to survey a route between these
two ports for cable purposes. It is s'gnifi
cant also that H. M. 8. Wild Swan, now
in this port, leaves in a lew days for Fun
ning* Island to ma«e surveys ior the same
purpose. It may be mentioned that Col
onel Spalding'i franchise from ttie Ha
waiian Government for a Pacific cable
line expires next month.
There is much speculation concerning
the real object of the appointment of W.
A. Kinney tn> special commissioner of the
Hawaiian Government tn Washington
and various surmises are indulged in here.
Yoor correspondent i as it on good au
tnority that he is to go for the purpose of
influencing those of the silver Senators
who are hostile to annexation. Mr. Kin-
i:ey 15 and has been a pronounced advo
cate of free silver. He formerly lived at
Salt Lake and is personally acquainted
•with most of the silver leaders at Wash
ington, esDecially those in Congress. It
is the understanding here that the silver
men hold the balance of power in the
United State Senate and the intimation
from t..e Hawaiian representatives at
Washington that the presence of a man of
their own party to work on the sympa
thies of tbe silver Senators would be ad
visable was quickly acted on. This is the
secret of tbe new appointment.
New? comes from Hawaii this morning
of a terrible accident in the mountains be
tween Kukuihaele and Wafmea last Sat
urday, when two heavy wagons loaded
with the paraphernalia of the Montagu-
Faust Circus Company went over a cliff
into the deep gulch bslow, resulting in
the death of one driver, the serious injury
of the other and the killing of two horses.
The outfit was smashed into kindling
wood.
There has for a long time been growing
_^ NEW TO-DAY .
LOST MANLY POWER
The Feeling of Weakness, or Wasted Vitality Can
Be Cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
\-.\','"/s :J Viiite/> ''" '-' San Francisco, January 156, 1897.
_,t» -**'^r' i i^mS' V\ R - A. T. SANDEN'-DEAR KIR: WHEN I
■^^«!?*» •// T& //^Z^^tlUi *-' commenced to wear your Belt I was all
£r£47%^FffiW?*f4W^7/% broken down. My nerves were completely
M f } /£jx£&>3Ms+f£MM. '// a pattered and I hud fearful rains in my back.
m } ft '£m ■■" I  . ^^^TTT-?^ 3 *. -/ , i«a My dig*- ttion was BO poor that 1 could not eat 1
■»%r^ ' ' ' ' "*s--c*iM anything without great distress afterwards.
BJ^y/,.; ''^ ,''i .-■■'■^JyS was weak for years from losses resulting from
WJiSß&<*£iiitel> ■■'' :^^^J^i^r U "V/ i n aisc , retlon - Now, after wearing your
*L n^TT**M^-^ .^se^f^T/'T' 9 Belu my ai . ns ( «call *rone, appetite good and
TlftlHßWKslMggWF3£l Idr my strength i; restored. I feel strong and
- ' "' i &G2B?S hh r - I have b 'a-.ned eleven pounds
/ ' r ' ? ** lM %rWi -^f % " nd * hi'f in the last month. I wish that
'. %WK % I Tsw& ; - . . «very sufferer from weakness bad one of your
'" i . , r . Beits. Words cannot express the gratitude I
I I - ' ;iA feel. ours respectfully. ■
Klaotric bus- aA* It has patent- ' Vc!,-. JOSEPH HEKRICH,'-
pensory for ed regnlatorfor 1M Tehamas.reet, San Francisco. :
weak, nervon,#|gm»k in 5 the IT MIQ UIUV Ufllir PIIDCO
men, free with *s\%yjbcnrrent mild or '• linO RlHill lHlfflL UUIILU.
each Belt. '"^vl^V strong. Home cures, hundreds of them, are the eri-
dences of merit in Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
They speak for it louder and stronger than any advertisement can. When you feel yourself
weak, despondent and lacking confidence in yourself and every advertised remedy which
promises to cure you, it must hi pra teuu news to learn that a man who was once as weak as
you are has b»en cured and wishes you to know so that you oay find relief from your
troubles in the same manner. You*re doing yourself an injustice if you do not help v'our-
■ self when you can. Electricity will restore nerve force and vitality. Try Dr. Sanden * E ec-
trie Belt aud you will never regret it. Book, "Three Classes of Men," is free. Full Informa-
tion. Ca.ll or address ; . ;
SAIMDEN ELECTRIC CO., tSLPSSL <& gffSS..
Office tours— 3 A. M. to .8 :30 P. M. ; Sundays,' 10 to L Los An?eUi OUica 204 oouta ilra»i-
way ; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street: DenTer. Colo., 033 Sixteenth street.
fciO'l'.t.— AlHke no mistake m me auia twr-Q3e Market street Make note of it.
JDK. SAM)t>'b CL£CXBIV XUUSS tlltiiS SVi*XUIiJS.
FEARFUL DISASTER ON THE RAIL.
CHARLOTTE, N. C. April n.— Two passenger trains on the
Southern Railway collided at Harrisburg this morning. Three men
were killed and five seriously injured. No. 36, the fast mail north
bound, had the right of way, and No. 11, the southbound local from
Richmond, had orders to sidetrack at Harrisburg. After leaving Con
cord, however, No. 11 lost time, and at 11:15 was forty seconds distant
from the switch that opened into the sidetrack. Only a space of 100
yards lay between the local and safety. At this point the fast mail
dashed around a curve, crashing into it. The engines and mailcars
were completely demolished. Postal Clerk Benton was imprisoned in
the wreck with an engine above him. Cold water was dashed on him
from the outside to counteract the effect of the scalding steam. He
begged the rescuers to kill him, and lived only a few minutes. Fetus
Eudy and Will Donaldson, firemen, were killed. Engineer Kinney of
Thomasville, N. C. , was fatally injured. The dead and injured were
brought to Charlotte on a special. Among the passengers on the ex
press were Senator Money of Mississippi and General Sanguilly.
arcone the volunteer regiment of National
Hawaiian GuarJs a s\a;e of dissatisfaction
with the Government, resulting In dimin
ished attendance on drills and occasional
resignations of officers. This ill feeling
hart a fresh development yesierdav, when
: a committee of n:ne leading officers, in
cluding tbe colonel, preserved themselves
i by appointment at 2 p. m. at Minister
i Cooper's office to conler with the Execu
tive. It seems that Mr. Cooper had sent
Colonel Fisher a notice, whica was not de
', llvered, that the meeting would be post
'■ poneJ to the sth. After waiting niteen
minutes in the outer office, where they
were distinctly visible through the open
door, the officers sent word to the Minis
j ter that they had come. Instead of coming
, out to make an explanation, he sent ttjeia
; what they consicieied a curt and discourt
eous message that they were to come
on Monday. The officers took this in
dudgeon and left, saying that they should
not try to have the conference with the
i President and Cabinet, as they would not
i be inconvenienced to come again. Cooper
■ then sent tor them to come back, which
they refused to do.
The chief complaints in the regiment
are that the Government does not care to
incur very necessary expenses for the well
beine of tbe regiment, and also that aliens
' are too often given public employment.
Instead of volunteers who have borne
arms in defense of the Government for
four years at great inconvenience to them
selves.
It seems somewhat doubtful whether
, tbe Government will be abie to keep the
i service? of that boay of well-disciplined
1 troops, who are its main defense, -unless
Minister Cooper resigns. Taere are -fifty
, enlisted men on regular duty, but these
i hired aoldien are far inferior material to
! the 3-30 volunteer citizens.
DISTRIBUTION OF PATRONAGE.
ft Is Hh spend That There Is Lkely to
Be a Row Between Ferkma
and Loud.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April IL—Col
ocei George A. Knight of San Francisco
has returned to Washington and is at
W -.Hard's. He protests that he wants
nothing for himself, and his closest
friends believe this. He says he is here
in the interest of a friena's appointment,
bet this is taken with a few grains of salt.
Some of his intimates know that he is
watchine the United Slates Jud-eship.
He is bound that De Haven shall not be
appointed if he can he help it.
Judge Waymire is here yet, and it is the
impression that he will succeed Morrow,
who will be elevated to the United States
Circuit bench. ,T. F. Evans of San Fran
cisco, who is here, claims to have inside
information that Hon. M. M. Estee will
be appointed District Judge, tut Mr. Es
tee's hard political luck lorrueriy does not
inspire much confidence in the California
delegation that he will meet with any suc
cess at this time.
It is whispered in the California colony
here that there is likely to be a pretty row
in the near future between Senator Per
kins and Representative Loud of San
Francisco over the distribution of tbe
loaves and fishes. Mr. Loud, it is said, is
inclined to believe that Senator Perkins is
getting more than his share. It is said
that he will not only insist upon the ap
pointment of a Postmaster at Sail Fran
cisco, but of tbe United States Marshal
and perhaps one other officer, besides the
smaller poßtoffice» in his district as they
become vacant.
Neither Senator Perkins nor Mr. Loud
wiil discuss the possibility of any dis
agreement between them.
It is believed here that if Colonel Har- '
j rmon Gray Otis will continue to preserve
a dignified and friendly altitude toward '
the administration, he will sooner or later '
| be offered an appointment which woula
not necessitate an absence from the
j United States. President ilcKinley is
said to be fuily aware of the valuable ser
i vices which Colonel Otis performed for
him before the St. Louis convention and
afterward.
Joe Spear of Ban Francisco has started
on his way home rejoicing over the pros
pect—now an assurance— 'hat he will be
j appointed to till the shoes of W. D. Eng
• lish, as burveyor ot the Port.
lliUuohaiani Tet at the Capital.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 11.-Ex-
Qaeen Liltuokalani remains in Washing
ton with her suite, and there are no im
mediate prospects of her leaving. She is
very secretive, in great contrast to the
| early days of her visit. "Duke" Palmer
i is still the same funny little man who
\ talks much and says little. The Cairo
! Hotel people have not been inlormen as
, to the length of her gracious Majesty's
i stay, and it is doubtful if the ex-Queen
herself knows how Jong she will be
in Washington. She has made no move
yet to sec re th» Hawaiian tr.rone.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOM>AV, AIMNL VI, 181»7.
GOSSIPY NEWS
OF THE NATION
No More Tests of Armor for
Russia to Be Made at
Indian Head.
Federal Troops Cannot Do Very
Much Moving During the
Present Year.
Banking and Currency Problems Wili
V it Bi Considered This Session-
Visit of Siam's Kinj.
WASHIXGION, D. C, April 11.— No
further tests of Kussian arms manufac
tured in this country will be made at In
dian Head, wnere two trials have already
been conducted by A merican officers out of
courtesy 10 the Emperor's naval service.
Tbe armor will hereafter be shipped in lots
to Russia and the plate then selected for
ballistic tests. If the lot is rejected the
Russian Government or the contractors
must bear the heavy expense of reshipping
to America.
The Russian officers give no reason for
making their own tests, but It is said tbey
belisve that the American trials are not
sufficiently severe. These are the same,
however, as the United States requires
and severer than those of any other Gov
ernment
MOVEMEST3 OF TROOPS.
The heavy cost to the army fund in
transporting troops to the inauguration
and the additional drain imposed ov the
presence of even a larger force at the
Grant Monument ceremonies will prevent
any extended movement of troops this
spring. Four troops of cavalry have lately
been transferred in the Weit, two of which
are stationed at Yellowstone Park. Aside
from these tiiere will be little chance, if
any, o! other regimental changes until
autumn or perhaps another year. All
the infantry regiments in the West will
probably remain at their present stations.
BANKING AND CCR&ENCY.
Members of Congress have received
copies of the draft of a joint resolution
authorizing the appointment of a commis
sion to investigate the banking and cur
rency question, prepared by a committee
of the in iianapolis monetary convention.
This committee ha« been in Washington
fora fortnight, consulting with members
of the administration and Congress as to
the best method of accomplishing the
purpose. The resolution authorizes the
President to appoint a commission to con
sist of eleven persons whose duty shall be
to at once enter upon a comprehensive
consideration of the currency and bank
ing system. The commission is to report
a bill before November.
The proD.ibi.iUes for a consideration of
this proposition at this session of Con
gress, at best, are remote. There is no ob
jection to it, and it is even admitted to be
a good thing, but the opportunities it
would offer the fcenate for a debat- of the
money question, that might even side
track the tariff, are deemed by Ding
ley and other Honse leaders too great a
risk.
The composition of the commission re
vives tbe controversy which raged at toe
Indianapolis convention over the ques
tion, "Should Congress take part in the
inquiry?" A member of Congress said
yesterday:
"If the friends of the movement want to
succeed, it would bo better to make the
commission consist of three Senator*,
three Representatives and five business
men. Tnen, whatever proposition is
recommended will have friends at court."
COMMISSIONER OF IMMIGRATION.
It is reported that T. V. Powderly, ex
grand master of the Knights of Labor,
will be appointed Commissioner of Immi
gration. Powderly is indorsed by many
of the leaving labor organizations of the
country, aside from having the support
of Senators Quay and Penrose and many
members of the Concessional delegation
from the Keystone State.
VIKIT Or SIAM'S KINS.
The State Department is waiting to hear
something official about the visit of the
King of fciain in September, so Congress
can be asked to make an appropriation to
cover the expense ol entertaining
him. The department knows nothing
about the contemplated tour of his
Majesty beyond what has been printed,
but it has taken time by the forelock and
looked up the records to find wbat was
done when other sovereigns visited tais
country. In 1884 the department asked
Congress to make an appropriation for
the entertainment of the Siamese em»
bassy charged with a special mission to
the Government. Congress did not make
an appropriation and the embassy never
came.
ENORMOUS LOSS BY THE FLOODS.
Startling Figure* From the Department of
. Agriculture, but a Better State of
of Affairs la in Sight.
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 11.— The
Department of Agriculture has just issued
a special bulletin showing the condition
of agriculture in the flooded regions on
i April 6. Mississippi's flooded districts
represent invested capital in agriculture
alone of $42,000,000. Orer 1800 farms, con
taining 2,000,000, acres of the average value
$18 an acre, are under water. The agri
cultural interests affected in Missouri rep
resent a total : capital of over $17,000,000.
Tennessee In not far behind; the acreage
of .submerged farm* being nearly tfif
tint.. Arkansas Hand* nt*xt. n«arly
10.000 farms, containing 1,000,000 iw:r««,
worth over 114,000,000, beln« • uliinni/<-ii.
These lartna contain live mock to MM
value of f 1,500,000 and crops untold to tJio
value of nearly |000.000. "
The entire agricultural Snlerpst»of the*«
lands represent a, value not far Hiiort of
$17,000,000.
A special bulletin liiund by the Weather
Bureau to-hi?ht IboWl a xnoro favorable
condition of affairs in tin; flooded district.
A slow fall in the rivers of the hit. LouU
district is expected (or a day or two, but
the future ti.ere depends on storm condi
tions. Some levee breaks are reported
along the Mississippi In that district, but
no danger is apprehended from the water
now in sight. At Memphis the river Is
etstionary. In the northern part of the
Yazoo delta the situation is a little more
hopeful, but it is becoming hourly more
perilous in the White River Valley. At
New Orleans the river has passed the
highest known watermark by the tenth of
a foot, but the levees are holding. The
Ohio from Cincinnati to Cairo has risen
rapidly. The MPsissiDpi has fallen from
St. Paul to Keokuk and Has risen from St.
Louis to its mouth. Light showers have
fallen in the flooded districts.
A POLITICAL SOMERSAULT.
Finding of a Gold Mine in Mexico Has a
Convincing Effect on a Forrmr
Pcpu/ist Leader.
BRUNSWICK, Ga., April IL— Captain
H. W. Reed, Tom Watson's right hand
man during the Presidential campaign, is
now an advocate of gold, bavine gone ex
tensively into the mining of that metal in
Mexico. Reed was president of the
National bank here. He went as a dele
gate to tha St. Louis convention, where he
waa placed upon tha National committee.
From that position he wa3 chosen a mem
ber of the standing committee of three,
nea:e 1 by Washburn, to arrange an
entente between Watson and Bryan. Reed
thus became Watson's mouthpiece, and
resisted all efforts at fusion upon the
electoral ticket. After the election he
went on atrip to Mexico, whence he has
now returned. He says:
"I have found in Mexico ore which runs
to the fabulocs value of forty-five ounces
to the ton, or $900. Labor there is only 62
cents a day, Mexican money. This gives
a caving of $2 50 a day on that score over
mining in the States. Timber is cheap
and water abundant. I intend to return
to Mexico next month to develop my gold
mines."
Reed's Populist friends here areangered
over the prominent chief's desertion, but
Reed says he won't shut bis eyes to facts.
HTPXOIJSM A>D jySAXITS.
A. Wealthy Farmer I'anes From One to
the Other.
DEFIANCE, Ohio, April 11. — Amos
Keenan of Hicksville, a wealthy farmer,
passed last night from a hypnotic state
into insanity. Keenan paid frequent vis
its to a hypnotist at Fort Wayne. He al
lowed himself to be placed under the in
fluence of a medium so he might study
the secrets of hypnotism. In tbese ex
periments Keenan always said he was an
Indian, and it was while impressed with
this hallucination last night that bis mind
gave way. He has been laken to an asy
lum at Toledo for treatment.
srxASut: t.HA.hr of tue hki.
Letter From n 31 an Who Claim* to Be
I* Jnrenlnr.
OMAHA, Neb , April 11.— The mystery
surrounding the wonderful airship, which
has caused the veracity of many reputa
ble citizens to be questioned, promises to
be cleared up within a few days through
the medium of the Trans-Mississippi Ex
position. Secretary Wafcefield nas re
ceived a letter, signed "A. C. Clinton,"
saying:
My identity up to date is unknown, but I
will come to the front now if you wili guar
antee me thirty acres of 1 am the fa
mous airship constructor and will give you
positive prooi o' tbisiactin a wnefc. Mv air
»hip will carry with safety twenty people to a
oeight of 1000 ft.et. I truly believe I have the
greatest Invention ever made. Will call April
17.
Alnn Arthur Ambition
NEW YORK, K. V.. April IL— Alan
Arthur, son of President Arthur, is a can
didate for Minister to the Netherlands to
succeed William Quinby. Young Ar
thur's petition has been signed by many
New York Republican leaders. Young
Arthur has lived in England and France
:he greater part of t c time since hss
father's death. He arrived soon after Mc-
Kiniey was elected. He is not discour
aged by McKiniey's refusal to appoint
Fred Grant and John A. Logan, other
President's sons, to iniponant foreign
ArtehoTt-d. in the Potomac.
WASHINGTON", D. C. April 11.— The
DolDhin, with President McEinley and
his outing cimpanions atoara, did not
get back to-day, although Eecretai y Porter
bad wired yesterday she would/ Sbe is
supposed 10 be anchored somewhere in
the Potomac ready to start for Washing
ton early in the morning.
_^^ NEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
BICYCLE
PANTS
$1.00.
Sold at any other store for $3,
$4, $5. We've got such a tre-
mendous stock on hand that
we've marked the price way
down to make a big run on them.
All have re-enforced seats, with
either golf or strap bottoms and
flap pockets.
BICYCLE
SUITS
-, . _ The latest and most durable
3>4-.5U styles of Bicycle Suits, of blue,
to gray and brown Scotch Tweeds,
$7.50. rab and seal-brown corduroy,
I and brown and gray cheviots.
The finest values we have ever
offered, and worth twice the
money asked.
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
WHOLE3AL': MANUFACTURERS,
PROPRIETORS OREGON CITY WOOLEN MILLS,
Fine Clothing for Man, Boy or Child, Retailed at Wholesale Prices,
121=123 SANSOME STREET
B-t. Bush and Pine. All Blue Siffns.
CONGRESS IN A
COMATOSE STATE
The S3nate Dallying With
Three General Appro
priation Bills.
Arbitration Treaty May Be Per
mitted to Die a Peaceful
Death.
| House Staniing Committee Vacancies
to Be Filled When the Tariff |i
Disposed Of.
WASHINGTON, D. GL, April 11.— Be>
j yond the consideration of lbs three gen
j eral appropriation bills— the agricultural,
Indian and sundry civil — there appears to
■ be no definite programme in the Senate
for the week. Even these may not ba
discussed, as Chairman Allison of the
: Appropriations Committee rinds all his
'■ time occuDied with the sub-committee on
: the tariff MIL While the appropriations
i carried by these bills, which failed to be-
I come laws last Congress because of Cleve
i land's refusal to sign them, will not be
• necessary until the beginning of the next
•■ fiscal year, yet the Republlctn leaders are
j anxious to get them out of the way before
j the tariff bill is taken up. They should
; occasion very little debate, however, be
! ing practically in the same shape as
' passed last session.
The bankruptcy bill remains unfinished
j business, and debate on this measure will
; fill any time after the morning hour each
day that may hang heavily on the Senate.
It will not be considered very seriously,
! hbwever, as there is a general disposition
' on both sides of the chamber to suspend
■ action upon almost everything except ap
: propriation bills until the vacancies in
committees are ft. led.
The Republican steering committee is
( greatly encouraged with the progress
I made in this work, and claim that their
I plan of making up the committees will
j succeed, notwithstanding the efforts to
{ combine the Democrats, the free-silver
j Republicans and Populists in opposition.
The general treaty of arbitration with
J Great Britain may be taken up again at
any time, thocgn its friends are not over
! confident of its passage and may, if they
cannot command the necessary two-thirds
' majority, allow it todis the most peaceful
i death possible. It has remained in a
comatose condition all the week, owing to
the absence of several Senators who are
| opposed to the convention, and great d ffi
i culty is experienced in arranging their
pairs, it being necessary to pair each Sen
ator in the negative against two in favor.
Until this tangle is Etraightened out there
will be no vote on the treaty. The instru
! ruent has passed toe amendment stage,
I and any speeches yet to follow must be
directly upon the treaty itself.
Tharston of Nebraska, according to pre
vious notice, will on Tuesday continue his
remarks on the foreclosure of the mort
gage against the Union Pacific
There is not apt to be any chance this
weeJt in the present programme of the
Republican majority of ihe House, which
is to meet on Wednesday and Saturday
only and adjourn without transacting
any business. It was thought that Secre
tary Long's communication on Saturday
regarding his inability to procure armor
for the new battle-ships, as the price
fixed by law mi^ht induce tue managers
to deviate from their announced policy so
far as to permit tiie House to do some*
thing to relieve the Secretary's embarrass
ment, bat as the iedu.ct.ion in the price of
armor from $400 to $300 per ton was an
original Senate proposition tha House
will probably await the action of that body
in the matter. Lens will send a copy of
his recommendation to the Senate to
morrow Shomd the Senate before the
end of the week dispose of any of the
three great appropriation bills now on
the calendar the House will promptly
send them to the President, as what few
amendments have been made by the San
ate committee are unimportant.
A broad intimation was given to-day
that Speaker Re<d would not wait until
Congress reassembles in December to
name the standing committees of ihe
House, but that as soon as the tariff bill
was out of the way they would be an
nounced. With this wag coupled the
statement that some matters might then
be considered before the extra session,
notuitlf ihnt lh« Cntnta)lt»* on i:*r.kU,y
rJurhi}' !l;» rtcflM In furtherance of ft*
effort of lust session to prepare and report
a bill providing, for reform In t.Vj banking
and currency system.
KENTUCKY'S SENATORIAL FIGHT.
Hunter Is About to Taste the Sweats of
Success, When the Cup Is Dashed
From His Lips.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 10. -It leaks
out to-nijiht mat a secret conference was
held here ten days ago between represen
tatives of the National Republican Com
mittee, the Federal administration, Gov
ernor Bradley and Dr. Hunter, the Sena
torial candidate. It was agreed that a
truce should be ueciareri between Hunter
and Bradley, and that Bradley should
withdraw hi* personal opposition to Hun
ter in consideration of a fixed chare of the
l'Vih-rul putronane.
I ii" work liad progressed so satisfactor
ily Hiui the iftnt of MM administration
wired 1 1 an mi unit Bradley had withdrawn
In* opposition to Humor, and that the
latter weald be elected Senator the next
day. ll.inna replied, congratulating tne
Malfi Republicans on their good sense in
barytaf the hatchet.
Ju-t as these arrangements to elect a
Btßsttot had been made, Augustus Wil
•on, Hunter's Senatorial rival, arrived
from Louisville on an express train, and
rushing to the place of conference he per
suaded his friends to rescind their action
and continue the war on Hunter. This
they have done persistently since, and
Hunter's election is more doubtful thaa
ever.
BURIEIi HUH t HORSHIPIXG.
Terrible Disaster in the Little French
: :1 Xii Tillage of JBrousae.
PAKIS, France, April IL— A disaster
occurred to-day in Brousse, Department
of the Tarn, which has thrown the little
village into mourning. It being Palm
Sunday, a very large proportion of the
villagers attended mass. While the ser
vice was in progress the roof of the church
collapsed, burying the worshipers. Efforts
were made as quickly as possible to ex
tricate those imprisoned by the debris
and many were rescued unhurt, but eight
of the villagers were killed and thirty
others badly injured. Some of the latter
tv ill die.
Japanese Warships Ordered to Hawaii*
YOKOHAMA, Japan, April 11.— The j
Government has decided to prohibit all
further emigration. In response to the ■
press clamor for the adoption of a firm at
titude toward the American and Hawaiian i
Governments the Mikado has ordered two !
warships to proceed to Hawaii immedi- :
ately to protect Japanese subjects.
«
For War With England.
LONDON, Enq., April 11.— According to !
Cape Town's leading Dutch paper the
leading officials of the Transvaal speak :
orenly of war with England as inevitable,
averring they will carry it into the Cape
Colony itself.
Mexlran Urnna** antt the Tariff.
MONTEREY, Mex.. April 11.— Mexican
orange-growers have sent a petition to the
American Congress protesting against the !
proposed increase of tariff on oranges.
This petition recites that tne orange-;;row
hJUIIIJ Your
By nourishing ■ ■ 8 9
every P art of ffOclitn
your system ■ ■ **• ■• ■ ■ ,
with blood made pure by taking Hood's
Sarsaparilla. Then you will have nerve,
mental, bodily and digestive strength
Bn the Spring i
Then you need not fear disease, because r !
your system will readily resist scrofulous j !
tendencies and attacks of illness. Then i !
pou will know the absolute intrinsic [
merits of :
i
Sarsaparilla s-p'^'nV !
. ■ , Medicine]
and Blood Purifier. $1, six for $5. Pre- ,
pared only by C.l.Hood &Co., Lowell, Mass. 1
Hood's Pills 3Ct easil 3 : ' promptly and
uuuu 3 r 1115 effectively 25 cents.
I SIGNATURE : &SS^ '
\nO^r\^^^ ?s now. (f^^^^^MM/ '•
) ( — printed in y '
I BLUE, diagonally ]»t@^ -^
» across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
{ The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro-
> tection against all imitations.
I Agents for the United State,, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.
«O©-^>.©'«i-© <^''*>-©'^>-a'^»©' <^>'B^y©-«^
o-o-000000-o-o-000
AN EXCELLENT
11 71*117 A T Properly prepared and
\\l\l i ,r\ I , promptly serred, can
*» J I A &.J-J always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-J ATA f*l **
Most Popular HA I At [h
Dining Apart- 1 JTlL^l~L\**jL*i
ment in town, wnnr—rr i bii hiiiiiimii ii
0000000000000
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWKBFn, APUHODt»IAC AN!)
JL specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orstaaj
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases >t
tbe ' kidneys »nd -■ bladder. A great Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine.'. Hells on Its own Menu:
no long-winded testimooiala ni.-ce.-s.iry.
NAI.tK, ALtS &. BKtTKK, Agents
i 323 Market bt., b. i'.-i&eua jor circular)
it* of Mexico are principally Americans.
%u<\ Mexican T.ir,>*.% come into season
j<;i;r < t-n srockl beforo the Florida and
California ■■■■■ ■ V*-
WEW TO-DAr
<v ,eBS fai l Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
, 20 YEAKS' EXrEBII>'CE.
Recognized by the entire medical fraternity as the
LEADING AND MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST
IN THE WOULD.
The doctor is a graduate from the best medi-
cal colleges in the world. Diplomas and
licenses hang on the walls of his office. He
has had many years of experience in the lead-
ing Eastern hospitals, besides his many year*
of wonderful success in practice.
He publishes no names of patients nor their-
diseases, but cures them, and any one in need
of his services desiring references can be shown
hundreds of testimonials on tile in his office,
which grateful patients have requested him
to use.
\l7U\; DO THE SICK PEOPLE OF
WMY THIS VICINITY CROWD HIS
" T ;T am * OFFICE DAILY?
l~>r-«/'-» A I T£* r^The' wonderful
rjrlL> A LJ j^ l~!i cureshe has made
*-**-' V 2-1. V^*- /1 -' have created con-
fidence and delight in the haarts of those
who have struggled in vain for years against
the ravages of disease, until the successful
doctor, whose picture appears above, gave
them the opportunity to get well.
BUSINESS MEN
Now realize the fact that DR. SWEANY can be ,
depended upon to fulfill his promises in every '
respect, and be now numbers among his pa-
tients many of the most prominent business
men of this city and viciniiy. He treat* all
medical and surgical diseases.
VOI TlMri /VIPM II yoa'are troubled
YUUIMJ iUCrN w jth pimplos, tired
feelings, gloomy foreboding?, palpitation of
heart, hot flushes, blood rushing to the head,
ringing in the ears, evil dreams, night emis-
sions, wandering mind, weak memory, dark
circles under the eyes, dizziness, poor appe-
tite, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which abso-
lutely unfit yon for study, business or mar-
riage, you should take treatment from this
noted specialist before it is too late.
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN
There are thousands of you troubled with W3ak,
aching backs and kidneys, white or brick dust
sediment in urine, too frequent urination and
other unmistakable signs of nervous debility
and premature decay. Many die of this diffi-
culty, ignorant of the cause. The most ob-
stinate cases of this character treated with un-
failing success. Delay is dangerous.
PDIVATF Diseases— Gleet, ijonorrhea.
r <\' YnlLl Strictures, Syphilis. Hya.-o-
-! ce'e, Varicocele, Tenderness, Swellings, Weak-
ness of Organs, quickly cured without pain or
detention from business.
f ATAPD H— Which powons the breath,
***» */^iviv 1 1 stomach and lungs and
paves the wav for Consumption, Lung, Liver.
Heart, Kidney and all constitutional and in-
t ternal troubles; also Rupture. Piles. Fistula,
treated tar in advance of any institution in tha
: country.
BLOOD AND SKINEiUjyj
Pimples, Sciofula, Taints, Tumors, Tetter,
Eczema and Blood Poison, primary or secon-
dary, thoroughly eradicated, leaving the iys,
tern in a strong, pure and healthful state. .
I ADIFS If you are suffering from per-
I — r * I 1 sistent Headache or any other:
distressing- ailments peculiar to your sex, you,
should consult ■"}-. Sweany without delay. He
cures when others faiL
SCIENTIFIC TREATTIENT.
In Seminal Weakness, like all other all.
ments, the peculiarities shown in each cas«
will differ »nd each case must be studied dv
its-elf and treated according to the conditions
existing in that particular case. No two cases
can be cured with the name treatment. as no
two cases are alike. This ib why Dr. Sweany
bas no single remedy which he deals out as a
"cure-all." nor any mechanical contrivances
such es '-electric belts," which are heralded to
the world as a remedy for all ills. His medi-
cal education condemns such methods. Every
case that he undertakes to cure is treated
scientifically with such remedies and such
means as in his judgment that particular
case requires in order to effect a speedy and
permanent cure.
WPITF Your troubles if living away
T ' IV - 1 * ■-• from the city. Thousands cured
at home by correspondence and medicine sent
as directed. Letters answered in English, Ger-
man, French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian or
Danish.
Absolute secrecy, in all professional dealings.
Office hours: 9t012 a. m., 2to 5 and 7 to i
r. m. Sunday, 10 a. si. to 12 m. Address
DR. F. L* SWEANY,
737 Market St.. San Francisco, Cml.
CODDoslte "Examiner" Office).
I Coughs and Colds
|; CAN BE CURED.
a If neglected they cause that dread dis-
i. ease, Consumption,
n
j| Dr. Martin's Pain Curer
< >
S Is a remedy that is unequaled.
J | Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle
( i
5 L. CALLISCH, t
' ' Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast,
g San Jose, Cal.
# For sale by all druggists. The trade
• supplied by Redingtt.n & Co.. Mac!: &
♦ Co. and Laugley <£ Michaels, San Fran-
• clsco.FIRST HOLD-UP
IN RANDSBURG
Masked Outlaw Enters and
Loots a Miners' Sup
ply Store.
Its Manager Looks Into a Pistol
While the Cash-Drawer
• Is Rifled.
The Robber's Crime Punishable With
Death According to the Law
of the Rand.
BANDSBUBG, Cal., April 11.— William
fl. Hevrin, manager of the Great San
Juaquin Supply Company's interests bere,
was confronted in his office at 3 o'clock
this morning by a masked robber and
forced to deliver over the contents of the
cash- drawer, amounting to $200. The out
law escaped with his booty.
Hevren had counted :he cash prepara
tory to closing for the balance of the
night, but after placing it ia the safe be
remembered that the change for the sa
loon part of the business was not left in
the register. He took out thbcash-drawer
and walked to the register. Just then the
masked man wanted in, exclaiming:
"Throw up your hands."
Hevren and Frank Ham, the only other
person in the place, at once obeyed. The
robber kept his revolver moving from one
to the other as he edged toward the safe.
He took Hevreu's pistol from it, and,
alter placing it in his pocket, said:
"I want your money."
"All right; here it is," said Hovren. "I
just took it out of the safe; it is yours."
Hevren shoved the drawer toward the
robber, who transferred his revolver to his
left hand and with the right took the
money out of the drawer and put it into
bis pocket. Hevren asked him to leave a
little "chicken feed" to open up on.
About this time the robber became nerv
ous and did drop several coins. Backing
out and cosing the door slowly, he warned
them not to follow or he would kill them.
The safe was wide open, with several
packages of money and jewelry in full
Tiew. One -ack, belonging to Willy Ken
yon, contained $600, and a diamond ring
worth $400 was in another purse, but the
bandit did not molest these packages.
The robber was of medium height and
wore a drab duster. His mask was made
of dark cloth, with white-painted circles
around the eyeholes. The fellow was
tracked to Johannesburg, but there the
trail was lost.
This was the first genuine hold-up ever
attempted in this district and it has cre
mated much uneasiness. According to the
unwritten law of the Rand, a robbery of
this character is as serious a crime as a
cold-blooded murder, and the perpatrator
is responsible with his life to tne vigilance
committee which has been formed by the
miners.
SAN Joi>E FAMILY POISONED.
Barefy Saved From Death After Partak
ing of a Dish cf Dried
Mushrooms.
SAN JOSE, Cax., April 11. — Several
members of the family and quests of Al
fred Pozzo, who resides at 80 North River
Street, were poisoned this afternoon by
eating dried mushrooms, and were placed
out of danger only by the heroic treat
ment administered by two physicians.
The mushrooms were purchased on Sat
urday and served at the noon meal to-day.
About two hours ia;er the grandchildren
o: Mr. Pozzo, Walter and Nita Worden,
became very sick. Miss Angle Pozzo was
next attacked by cramps and tainting
spoils. Mis. A. Worden and Mis.« Leonora
l'czzo shoved symptoms of poisoning a
few moments later, and then Miss Dollie
Dohrmann, Erban Espinoza and Manuel
Castro became affected.
A physician was summoned, and, after
making a diagnosis of the cases, said the
family had b'iea poisoned by the mush
room* they had eaten. Another doctor
was sent for to assist in relieving the vic
tims, and after two ana a half hours' con
tinued labor with emetics and antidotes
the physicians pronounced the family out
of danger. Mr. and Mr«. Pozzo also ate
lightly of the mushrooms, but were not
affected.
SAX JOSE'S VEA&T OF MUSIC.
Haydn'a Oratorio to Be Sung by a
Chorus of One Hundred Voices.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 11.— "The Crea
tion," Haydn's great oratorio, will be
rendered at the First Methodist Church
on April '20 and 21 for the benefit of the
Ladies' Home of Benr-voience. San Jose
Oratorio Society. 100 strong, under the di
rection of J. Hamilton Howe of San Fran
cisco, will s-ing the choruses. filary
Weaver McCauiev of Chicago will take the
part of Gabriel, Miss Florence Gordon the
part of Eve, Walter C. Cam pell of San
Francisco the parts of Raphael and Adam
and Frank Coffin of San Francisco the
t?nor jart of Uriel. Professor F. Loui
Kin:: will presiae at the organ and Miss
Aua Churchill at the piano.
Aeur School for Willow Glen.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 11.— The Trus
tees of Willow Glen School District will
commence the erection of a handsome
new school building the latter part of this
month, to take the pace ol the building
recently deitroyed by tire. The structure
will be of colonial style of architecture
and cost $6600. It will contain six rooms
and be up to date in ail appliance*,
Mr*. Rachel Montgomery Dead.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April 11.— Mrs. Ra
chel Montgomery, an old resident of this
county, dk-d about 1 o'clock tun morning,
after a lon* iilne-s. She was a native of
Ohio and 78 years of age.
Bough on Chiiiete laundrrtrt.
6AN JOSE, Cal., April IL— An ordi
nance prohibiting the sprinkling of clothes
in Dublic wash houses, by emitting water
or other liquid from the mouth, was passed
by the City Council last evening.
Tntal Errtiott'.n Aeor Corvallim.
CORVALLIS, Or.. April 11.— William
Kerr, aged 24, was killed by a dynamite
explosion yesterday. Wilh two compan
ions he had been for two days dynamiting
for fbh in Woods Creek, a dozen miles west
of town. One suck of the explo&ive re
mained, and they determined to explode
it to avoid the danger of carrying it over
the hills. Kerr, after lighting the dyna
mite, threw it down and waited for the
explosion. Tlie dynamite failed to go off
and he stooped to pick it up. At that
moment i' exploded, killine him instantly.
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the of the rose./
and the flush of Hebe combine in Pozzomi'sl
wondrous Powder. I
1 J
Colonel Alfred E. Buck, the New Minister to Japan.
Alfred E. Buck, who has just been nominated by President McKinley as
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Japan, is a native of Maine,
though he hag resided in Atlanta, Ga., since the close of the war, during which
he served with conspicuous bravery. He is 65 years of age.
OREGON SHEEP STARVING.
Owners Refused Grazing Privileges on the
Verdant Ranges in Wash
ing ton.
PORTLAND, Or., April 11.— E. A. Buck
ley, a sheep-raider of Sherman County,
has been told to keep off the grass by the
County Commissioner of Klickitat County,
Wash. This injunction will, of necessity,
be heeded, but it will greatly injure the
sheep-raising industry of Northeastern
Oregon. Euckley represents many sheep
men who have heretofore been allowed ac
cess to rich ranges in Klickitat County
and the Mount Adams region, across the
Columbia.
It seems that the cattle and sheep men
on the Columbia side want the ranges for
themselve and procured the passage of a
law by the Washington Legislature, which
gives County Commissioners of the border
counties the right to say whether sheep
may come across.
Mr. Buckley, one of the most extensive
wool-growers in Oregon, and another
sheep man, were plainly told by tne
Klickitat Commissioners that no permits
would be issued. In consequence there is
no summer range in sight for over 100,000
sheep which should be taken to ranges at
once, as the hard winter has used up the
available feed supply. Some of the sheep
may be sold, but it Is feared many bands
will die, as the Oregon ranges are utilized
by sheep from other counties.
The Klickitat Commissioners say the
tax heretofore coliected on migratory cat
tie has added something to the county's
revenue, but does not amount to what
regular taxes collected from resident
sheepmen would. They accordingly want
to keep their ranges and siimaiaie the
cattie and sheep industry at home.
EXPORTS FROM SEATTLE.
Heavy Canoes Carried Westward on the
New Steamships tor
Japan.
SEATTLE. Wash.. April 11.— The Great
Northern Nippon Yusen Kalsha's steam
ship Bakura Maru has cleared ana will
early to-morrow morning nail for the
Orient with a cargo of about 3000 tons,
valued at $160,500. Its manifest discloses
principally cotton, lubricating oil, paper
mill machinery and flour, consigned to
the ports of Hongkong, Kobe and Yoko
hama.
The Saltura Maru left behind on the
wharves awaiting shipment nearly twice
as much carco as it took. To a greater or
less extent this has been the case since the
arrival in this port, about nine months
ago. of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha's maiden
ship, the Miike Maru. Of rawcottcn alone
there awaits the arrival of the next vessel,
the Tenshin Maru, over 2000 baies. For
the week ending witn the clearance of the
Sakura the loral custom-house receipts
amounted to $3750.
Coming this way tbe Nippon Yosen
Kai-lia's steamers have not been so heavily
laden. The^ir cargoes range from about 100
tons, broueht by the first, to 1500 tons by
later vessels. It consistf-d mainly of teas,
silks, rice, matting and Japanese curios.
crowds visit rojti orcha.ru.
Witness an Ineffectual Attempt to Dock
the Oregon.
SEATTLE, Wash., April li— An inef
fectual attempt to dock the battleship
Oregon in the Government drydock at
Port Orchard, that it might undergo
needed alterations and repairs, was made
at noon to-day. Two thousand excursion
ists, lured' thither from Seattle, Tacoma
and Port Townsend to witness the dock
ing, were sorely disappointed. After the
vessel had -teamed up to the mouth of
the docks the commandant decided that a
more favorable condition of the tide could
be obtained, so he announced a postpone
ment of the affair until about 1 o clock to
morrow morning. The noon tide was not
considered high enough by three inches to
guarantee perfect safety. ■„. ■. .. ' . .. '
STRIKE AX BALLAST I>OIJiT.
Laborer! on Government Fortification*
I>emand Better food.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., April IL— Forty
laborers on the ; Government fortification
work at Ballast Point quit work last night
and demanded their time from the pay
master, declaring they would 'work no
more until better food was supplied at the
boarding-House. No compromise has yet
been effected, and the probabilities are
none of the men will return to-morrow.
Trouble has been brewing for some time
between the contractors, Gray & Co. of
San Francisco, and the men. The men
are paid $1 75 a day, and $5 50 a week is
deducted for board, leaving them but ?5
per week. They say they would not mind
the small pay if the food was not bo bad. •
; — — — ♦
Odd fellow* to Meet at Phoenix.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 11.— The annual
session of the Ar.zona Grand Lodge. In
dependent Older of Odd Fellows, will be
held in this city, beginning to-morrow
morning and ending on Wednesday even
ing. There will be a street narade and
many social features. About 100 delegates
and members have arrived, and ereat prep
arations are being m;ide for the event
Territorial officers will be elected for the
ensuing year.
• — ♦ — ■•- .
TO CURE A COL.'i IN ONE DAT
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gist* refund the money il it uils to cars, ;:5c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
BULL-FIGHTS AT YUM A.
James Meadows, a Matador, Gored br an
Enraged Animal He Was
Baiting.
YUM A, Ariz., April IL— Yuma's five
day fiesta closed to- iay. The Plaza de
Tores was the scene of two more Spanish
bull-fights, and Matador James Meadows,
a brother of "Arizona Charlie" Meadows,
the owner and manager of the Wi!d West
show, was seriously wounded. He is tbe
second man gored during tbe week.
A magnificent black bull named Por
firio Diaz, in honor of Mexico's President,
was turned into the arena and made
straight for Meadows, who moved the au
dience to applause by stepping to one side
an i then vaulting upon the back of the
animal. But the applause died out in an
expression of horror, for the next mo
ment he was upon tbe ground under the
bull's feet and the animal's horns were in
his body. Only the quick work of the
picadors saved his life.
There was no other matador in the
troupe and the fight was ended by lassoing
the bull and throwing him and placing
bags containing corn upon his horas,
whence the picadors took the sacks.
Attacked by Tramp* A«ar Jiitzrilln.
RIIZVILLE. Wash., April IL—Con
ductor G. B. Doane of the Northern Pacific
Railway had a narrow escape from deatb
at the hands of a tramp near here yester
day. "Wline he was attempting to drive
from his freight train a number of tramps
nho were stealing a ride on the brake
beams one of the hobos drew a revolver
and from a distnnce of only about ten feet
fired at him. Fortunately the tramp's
aim was bad, and the bullet whistled by
the conductor's head. Doane stood his
ground, although his train crew sought
the shelter of the cars. In a minute or so
tbe train had pulled up until the caboose
was abreast of Doane and he got aboard.
After he had done so the tiamp tired four
s; u-s into the caboose in an ineffectual at
tempt to hit the conductor.
nastis ii l at siucKToy.
Imptriala ef San l-'rancinco Beaten ty
the Local Tram.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 11.— The base
ball season opened iieie to-day with one
of tbe largest crowds in attendance that
has witnessed a baseball game in this city
in years. The contesting teams were the
Imperials of San Francisco and the Stock
ton nine. They jut up as good a game of
ball as any of the wildest baseball cranks
could wish for. The great feature was the
pitching of George Harper. This will be
his last game on the coast this year, as he
goes East in a few days to pitch for the
Brooklyns. He pitched seven innings
and struck out eight men— five in two
innings. During the first seven innings
only two men from San Francisco crossed
t c home plate and they on errors. Loch
head of Stockton took the batting honors,
but when he took Harper's place in the
eighth inning he did not pitch his usual
game and the San Franciscans made two
more runs. M. White and Harper of
Stockton both lined out two-baggers. Tbe
fielding honors went to Murphy, the Im
perials speedy third baseman. He won
the grand stand by a one-hand catch of a
foul that he had to run forty yard^ to get.
He made some splendid stops of fast
grounders.
Campbell and Long were the umpires
and J. Harr.b Harlan scorer. The runs
by innings were as follows:
Stockton 3 0 0 0 3 0 11 1— 9
Base hits 80113022 2—14
Imperials. 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0— 4
Base bits 1 0000102 I—s
fr'ano-Brtkenfl-ld Bateball liutnpui.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., April 11.— The
baseball contest here to-day between the
Republicans of Fresno and the Bakers
helds was declared off at the beginning of
.the eighth inning, when the score stood
4to 3 in favor ot the Bakerstields. The
Fresno team was at the bat. The third
baseman caught a ball, made a touch-out,
and immediately tossed up the ball. Um
pire Burleigh of Fresno decided the man
was safe, on the ground that the ball was
juggled. A contention followed, when
t c game was called off. It was agreed to
refer the matter to President Young of
the National League for decision. Con
siderable money was up on the game. A
large crowd was present, and the contest
was an exceptional one until the disa
greement arose.
Won by a Santa Cruz Xine.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., April 11.— The
Oakland baseball team came here to-day,
in the stead of the Caifornia Markets of
San Francisco, to meet the Santa Cruz
team at Yen de l'Eau. Santa Cruz beat the
visitors by a score of 9to 4. It was a slow
game, because of the ease with which
Santa Cruz played against the unequal
chances of the OaJclancih. Doyle of San
J.i-e pitched for the Santa Cruz team,
striking out twelve men. A feature of the
game was the heavy batting of the home
team.
San Rafael'* Team f»i»n.
6AN RAFAEL, Cal., Aj.rU 11.— Th«
game of basebai! this afternoon between
the Tiburon and San Rafael teams resulted
in a victory for the local nine by a score
of 9 10 i.
Kobimon a Prize- Winner.
NEW YORK, N. Y M April, IL-In the
pigeon-shooting season at Monte Carlo,
just ended, Robinson, a Californian, ranks
eighth in the list of winners.- securing
$1136. • .• -.-•. ■-.-;
MOUNTED POLICE
FOR THE YUKON
The Government to Send a
£quad of Patrolman
to Alaska.
Move Necessitated by Highhanded
Mthods of the Canadian
Line- Riders.
Protection to B? Accorded to Ameri
can Ctizens in Northern
Mining R;gioas.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 11.— Sidney
Stewart, late chief clerk of the Northern
Trust Company's bank at Chicago, and J.
T. Leipht, a real-eatate dealer of the same
city, who are here en route to the Alabka
gold fields, say that a squad of United
States police is to be stationed on the
Yukon this summer for the better protec
tion of American interests in that locality.
This steo, they state, is to be taken some
time in June, and in furtherance of it Eli
Gage and P. B. Weare, president of the
North American Trading and Transport
ing Company, which maintains a line of
steamers on the Yukon and also operates
extensively in other ways in Alaska, are
reported to have left Chicago last Satur
day for the National capital.
Weare is a son-in-law and Gage a son of
Secretary of the Treasury Lyman J.
Gage. Some six weeks aeo young Gage
passed through Seattle, en route to Chi
cago from Alaska, and while here he inti
mated to friends that such a more would
probably be made. It is supposed to have
been hastened by reason of the action of
the British Canadian Government in send
ing a second squad of Dominion police to
look after the interests of England's sub
jects in her far northern territory. The
second British police squad, numbering
twenty, arrived at Vancouver en route to
the Yukon several days ago.
It appears tnat the British Canadian
police have been particularly obnoxious
and offeniive to Americans engaged in
mining on the Alaska side, in that they
are given to rounding up all lawless and
vicious persons and driving them over on
to the United States, where they plunder
and terrorize Americans. Unjust customs
duties, it is said, are levied and complaints
have been maie by Alaskans since the
British mounted police was first stationed
on the Yukon some eighteen months ago.
Thorp had to pay a duty of 20 per ce*nt of
the cost price of the cattle h<> took before
he could land them on the Yukon.
Stewart and Leignt are heading for the
town of Dawion, N. W. T. They repre
sent they constitute an advance guard of
men going to the Klondyke to locate
placer properties for the Gages and Cuda
hys of Chicapo.
DURRANT IN SAN QUENTIN.
No Visitors Call at the Slate Prison to
See the Morose Young Mur
derer.
FAX QUENTIN, Cal., , April 11.—Wil
liam Henry Theodore Durrant's first day
at the State prison at San Quentin
passed without incident. He appeared
unconcerned and spent his time in
quietude. No visitors called at the prison
to see him. His father did not come, nor
were bis legal advisers in evidence.
According :o the rules of the prison a
new prisoner must be measured. Dnrrant
was compelled to submit to this ordeal,
and the authorities put him through it in
a short time. He remained uncommuni
cative.
Tbe mnrderer finds that life here is a
trifle different from that In the County
Jail in San Francisco. There he was free
to see the papers and was granted other
favors. Here the journals are not allowed
to find their way into his bands and he is
watched with considerable attention.
-■; ..- ■. . ♦
HraVl'** M*ttti,jui*hed Guest*.
FEATTLE, Wabh., April 11— Colonel
W. L. and George Washington, of Nash
ville, great-great- grand-nephews of the
"Fattier of his Country," are in Seattle,
accompanied by Dr. George M. Terrill ol
San Francisco.
DC B Ten are one of
AH those poor nnbap*
■ py ones who has
MAN NOT lost your ■""'"
I ness, are yon ?
A Well, how long do
BflV you want to con *
n _ ■•" ■ tinue to be as bad
DC II as in jour second
Ag| childhood ? Ton
. "■' are no better, nor
MAN NOT even 80 strong as
I a small boy now.
,;, A You know that
RHV ' hat . wear y Itrn
nir Kit for strength to
DC I breathe; that
A d corny, depressed
"... I look ; that totter-
MAN NOT ing walk; that
I. trembling of limbs
A and all those
RflY light sweats--
Dwl lhey uu the gtory<
ns- they tell the story.
* M Why not bs a man
AH ! again? It can b#
m done. " Hndyan n
MAN NOT make men out «f
IH such poor crea«
. 11 -: . . .-- ..: .. '.■■■■
H tares as you. Ask
BOY about it this d«y. :
Dy I «_^^__
Circular* and testimonials' showing
how • •IJuilyan" < has cv.oil thou«Mnd.i
upon lioiik uml< will be sent yon fur the
pleasure .of helping; you. .-.Yon can con-
sult .In- doctors tree too, and if our
blood has been tainted at an y time i and
you notice; spots of a copper color on
roar body,, pimples and ruotctiHa, ask
f0r,"30-'tay ItlooJrur^" clrcalars. The.r.
are a* tree as sunshine too, aud you caw i
Join the Klau th rone that from Lust t3
\v-»t and from North to South swears by! I
[ .he c doctors. taS^^^^^^^^T " i
l__u rn . ir ■___^^__^__ LJ^^ KEW .TO-PAT— CLOTHIKG. .
The Great Tariff Sale
/^|-f C 1 r\4-l+ I +<% rv» ONE-HALF OFF
Vjl V/lOLnin^« REGULAR SELLING PRICE.
It's here at last —
the big sale you've heard so much talk about. Com-
mences this morning promptly at eight.
A sweeping reduction of one-half on our entire
stock. Compelled to do it ; must have ready capital
to guard against increase of tariff .on wool.
Government: estimates there will be an increase on
wool alone of $25;, 000,000. We'll not run any risks.
Our warehouse in New York, cor. Astor and Lafayette
place, is stocked to overflowing with goods taken from
bond. We must now prepare to meet the accommoda-
tions extended to us by the various banks. Profits will
be ignored entirely during this sale, which lasts only
until sufficient money is realized to meet all obligations.
(ft M QP Five hundred single and double breasted
{- «*. \ Qj sack suits in new fabrics and in all the
es£s> O"T latest shades. Every detail of the
yr^S linings and trimmings matches the pre- y*=*^
Jb*/ vailing tone of the fabrics. The regular price of 7?^jP
/^W^N these suits is $g. Sale price $4.85. - Guaranteed \Jj\
/ V iJr \ P ure w00 '" inmi\.
/ -*/( \ \ (We acknowledge no competition. The / WAf A \
V\l *X ~\ simple, plain talk of the mighty dollar is our jiU V )
\^L= 3 \ J great argument.) Igjl \l
•sa-J-—- sJ A |}| ■■ OP Seven hundred and fifty single and /\\^"'
11 Vh.hj double breasted suits in shades of /ill
1 I Uy — — browns, Havanas, slates and over- / 1 \
\\ / plaids. Excellently lined, strongly * I V
11 I sewed. Never sold for less than $10. Sale price I I
. . In / $5.65. Guaranteed pure wool. \ft
jJ\x<SK m (Ours is a bright, fresh stock at prices _ V
7 worthy of the day, worthy of our fame, and,
above all, worthy of our customers.)
#f|f| Afl Fifteen hundred single and dpuble jfllTi 1 Cfl Two thousand single and double
VL* IJIJ breasted suits in cassimeres, cheviots, \l / .nil breasted sack suits, comprising all the
wU— tweeds and worsteds. Worth every wf latest fabrics in the latest colorings;
cent of $12, the regular price. Sale exclusive designs. We sell them reg-
price $6. Guaranteed pure wool. ■ ularly for $15.00. Sale price $7.50. Guaranteed
- — pure wool.
(Advertised low prices without the support- _
ing crutches of style and. quality are meaning- ;
less. Our prices are "right," our quality is (Our reputation is dyed, spun, sewed and
guaranteed.) " *"; wove in every garment.)
ihfl CO Five thousand cutaway and sack suits #flf| fjft Ten thousand swell cutaway and sack
V W nil in serges, tweeds, cassimeres and wor- j^M|(J(J suits; made of the finest fabrics, such
WU— steds. Lined. with Farmer's satin and f^r|J as Scotch tweeds, worsted, cheviots,
elegantly tailored. Former price $17. serge and cassimeres. Elegantly tail-
Sale price $8.50. Guaranteed pure wool. ored. Sold regularly for $18.00. Sale price $9.00.
• • ' - . Guaranteed pure wool. -
(When you buy here you don't require the (Our reputation for doing what we adver-
services of a Philadelphia lawyer to assist tlse is our own, It can't be stolen. It sticks
you. Every article is marked in plain figures.) to us because it belongs to us.) .
dl4l"| Of! We are overstocked with a line o*
I iII II II about Is,ocxd cutaway and sack
111 I V suits. Fancy Scotch cheviots in
the new brown, gray and olive i—^
/j"N shades in innumerable combinations of checks, plaids JL_7
7g^( ' and mixtures. Also clay worsteds, cassimeres, etc. *?S^
I^3 They must go. Former price $20. Sale price $10. cZj?
y\vi& £* Guaranteed pure wool. >-o^K^
/ I \w (No business is built upon a surer foun" / fl [ \
I\/ \f dation than is this one. Every article pur- /y ■
( V . U chased must pass through criticism and in- J/> .^T**';
I Oil vestigation.) '. .' w f/rii — -T —
lJ . overcoats. im\
(I I . We have a tremendous overstock of overcoats. ; 1 A\ •
// / Kerseys, beavers, cheviots, clays, chinchillas, etc. I \ \ '
// / They go during this sale at from $3.75 to 10. Reg- I \\
«l I ular price double. - / \\
-L ' TROUSERS. jJ \
An immense line. All wool and cost double.
$1.75, £1.85, $2.00, and from this up to $3.00.
In spite of the tremendous reductions during this sale we will, as
usual, guarantee to keep all suits in repair one year free of all charge.
Extra salesmen, extra delivery wagons — no delay.
Never during this administration will you get such an opportunity
again— don't miss it. Remember, this sale only at our downtown store —
beware of fake imitators.
(OOIjTTAIBI^.N- WOOLEN IVTIXjIjS)
54 1 ]MI-AJR,KE3T STREET,
Directly Opposite Sansome. Mail Orders filled during this sale.
34
&kre (fall
HOWtoT . aI»R:J. 12. 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOC,
Eitfr and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- P»st*f« Free:
sl^itl6utvC*:-'.""'t r»-aan«. 10.15
Diflf b£ Caster C«n* eseTear.fcT-zaJil.... *-<»
949 MC BoMv r K - CiEcMbibrutL 2-00
5 Ul7 Itfl £zz£*r C*ii, tcrf* sae-sli* fey omU I.M
rd*7 cs<3 E-.ti»r Ctu, e»cuft, t7 ra«T7. .Si
tn*4±7 C«JJk *** yt*r, by zzjO- 1-50
W OUT UU. «« T>»r t]T eua. „ w - 1-6 C
BUSINESS OFFICE:
■MO I »-'r»- ':•.'•«, ,
p ry i'r«io.ce, California.
Tt:e;;**» u*»-i»m
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
-« .•»£»»• ~ ~ SOS*— l*74
BRANCH OFFICES:
*?7 M*stivi3»iT « '*♦'-! c«tMrCUrt •?•» assS
lei B»r»e-.r«<rt opes ■ssjc 4:55 t'C/t
" CIS L*nci»«tr*«. »p«a ii*tll t:SO e'dacx.
•-.w. omrtttMkflt vi XMm nwu, opea
srtaeo'cloci.
,:Ci MluSes ctre<?t, cp«j ertn 9 o'clock.
187 Matt OM, cp<?a ts2l 8 cr'ctoclt.
.I*os Tt&* ■*•«; ©s*» r:»::J 30 o'cloct
-:3tWJ> enser. Tweny-itctiia «-»* H-eatosky
• ■..•*«.» 6f«a i:.J .- o'clooc.
' .. OAKLAND OFFICS:
.■■'*. : ni^ntdm;.
'.. - .•EASTERN OFFICE:
BpMBLfS; •■- M- r»ric E«w. *»■- T«* rssy.
;.' ©avii» k. m : E»«t«ra M*r.fcr«^
, : THE CALL SPEAKS FOB ALL.
. .--S^ibtcrl-be to ihi boulevard fund and
,-■ you : wUI get an <•-•■..•: road that
; -.will. -beat M ptir.C*at. '■•■'•" :
V.V 'A'taessage' frora.- the President remind
rng-Cbagrfftso-f the". fiJver. question and in
;'":.i«rEatlO2iU bimetallism would, please the
■ . .cbartry. j-Tift now.. ." .
}.'■ ■;■ ..'. s'o;ai:tbs>djr..;Bh.otid: give David BeUCtt
' •,■;. >KiH •& : .fbzhcrn bo. that' he can let his
. friends- know which wsy he ii going
. ': i-broo^h' the mists of ob-carity.
§ While all other. English p:»:i haTe
written Magi for Greece L*urea« Austin
remains silent, b-: the •world -^-»r-.i*
lc-s does no: teem to be cware :bi: :: zti
.' "3-oit "aaythisg.
While a «ood e»:t £v:« Lesislirrrei
ShaTe tKen-trying to.p-anisacssital, ti-fci til
Colorado h*» wairled 22 and at*-, i bed
capital puniihrjerit, and *-.:.
pf the country is resiorers.
ii the Dingier tariS is designed » paJ
tettn.tOT.lHW — nmflj Into ._- ;-..£tj of
American wage-earaeri. bppostloa to It
comes only from these who tre *«>c rich, to
care for wages and too lazy : . like work.
A prying laTeitigitor hts dlscorered
that the Oklahoma L»gi«lat^re paid the
men wao cleanei :ht spittobaj $; t dsy
■and the ctaplaih {1 51 -" will i* seen
that is Oklahoi^i t-e nec»Ji2.rie! cf iife
are cheap, but the iuxcrie; c^:t mc^ej.
Somebody asked Speaker ELttd. what he
thought of McMillin's speeca against the
Dingley bill and the Speaker replied that
it con£rmed his long-established opinion
thet Uciliilin .-eve.- made a eneecii with
oat subtracting from ■.!• bob of human
knowledge.
A. Chicago man who has been Tltlting
Mexico cays they bare a, drink eowa there
called aguardiente that beats all. liquids
oa earth. Take & little of i: at night, he
Bays, and yon can continue the drank
next day as long as you wish by simply
shaking your head.
It Is recalled that the British ship Cam
perdown which fired on Greeks at Crete a
few days ago is the vessel which ran down
and sank bat sister vaxaaip, the Victoria.
Bbaataau destined to strike a smashing
blow at the reputation of the British navy
at every move ;he makes.
A Philadelphia paper suggests that the
European powers should Jet Greece, and
Turkey fight it out and then challenge the
winner. It Is possible, however, that the
winner might retire from the ring and
leave the powers tofignt one another, and
that, of course, wouldn't be agreeable.
The latest flutter among the chappies of
New York ha» been caused by the iseue of
cards for a bachelor tea to be given by a
clubman for the purpose of introducing
his younger brother to the toys. As a
novelty in the way of "coming out enter
tainment;," it is expected to be too sweet
for anything.
Senator Ptnrose of Pennsylvania has
occasioned some ad Terse critjpism of him
self by referring to the offices in his State
as "ration-," bat there are good reasons
for approving the term. It Is certainly
less barbaric than "spoils" and much
more scggesf.ve of proper provisions for
worker*.
An Association of Democratic clubs in
Washington has iDTiied Bryan and bewail
to attend a banquet to b« giren on
the anniversary of the birth of
Jefferson, and on FalitafTs principle,
that "be who diel o' yesterday is
Jast as dead as him that died a hundred
years ago," the combination will not be in
appropriate.
A movement baa been started in New
York to form an association of taxpayinj;
women to procure the passage of a law
providing for the appointment of women
to State and municipal offices in propor
tion to the amount of taxes paid by
wcmen. In the face of that who shall cay
that women do not understand politics
and are not interested in elections?
According to the New York press the
decadent journals of that city, having been
excluded from homes, libraries and cinbs,
are now being thrown off the newsstands
In all parts of tt-.e city which are not dis
reputable. Decency is fast winning the
battle ana before long the foul fake and
freak «heets will be banished from Amer
ican journalism.
Merchants who do not advertise and
who simultaneously do not obtain cus
tomers should find comfort in the incident
which has just been noted, as it dispels
the i :stre«s;n.' significance of that coinci
dence, and restores to it the element of
mere chance. A merchant in an interior
town does not advertise, and y*et is always
busy. He has the stch and a Waterbury
watch, and when be isn't scratching be is
winding his watch.
According to a report of British officials
tobacco is adulterated with sugar, alum,
lime, four, meal, rhubarb leaves, salt
peter, fuller's earth, starco, malt coom-
Incs, chromate of lead, peat, moss, no
latses, burdock leaves, gum, lampblack.
r«»d dye, scraps of newspapers, cinnamon
■ tick, cabbage leaves and brown straw
paper. That is what may be called a
prime mixture and ought to be satisfac
tory to a man of even the most varied
taitea.
INTERNATIONAL BIMETALLISM.
In the Et. Lctxls platform the E^poblJcaa National ConTention declared, "We
are opposed to the free cofatge of ilirer except by Internatloaal agreement, wrick w- e
pledge onrselvei to promote." Wbta notified of bis ncmnation Mr. McKialey said,
**Tfae platform adopted by '.he Bepnblican National Ccaveatioa has received mr
' *:«:?■-■. consideration -.;.•. my caqaalified ap^rovaL" In hit formal iett« cl «^
--ceptaare be eaid, "The Republican party baa declared in favor of an iatersatidnai
agreement, ana if e!«cted President ft will be my duty to employ all proper aeana to
promote it.*'
On that platform tae n<;:b;can party wen: to the people a»d asted their esf
fragei for its candidates. 0:. those declarations Mr- McXi- *.-»*.« elected. It is
doobtlai If he conld hare been elected otherwise. Strong as the r-i ; ?fr :.=-.*-•.
in faTor of a return to the protective system of tariSs, it wo^ld rot hare been ar3S
- •.-. •. to '. »- *. any man who was opposed to be bottile to the reaaoßersat:" cf allrer
coder any and all ci.'cumitancea. The victory won was a viciccy for international
bimetallism.
Tb. f i being to, it now behocTcs tk« admioiattmtiai sad ice BepcMioa ■a>:ri:x
in the House to tiki mm ■)■■■ toward aceotpliihfng th« premise. This pledge to
lh«s people nnst te kept ci faith ts the t »:fe to reatore the protective tariff.
The country cotes with gratifcaiioa ihe pnKaptiiets with wt c 2 the wort of tariff
rerislon hs« been perforaed by the Eocjp, aafl sow awaits with hoi>e fcr eqiially
prompt end good «<:•*: in the direction of re-estaali&BaMat cJ ba»etalli«aß.
There Js an cnm:stak&b> .<>.-. cl dUappoiatsteat ajßoag Sepct^icaia ore; the
eppsrent ne?Ject ci '.his :«rp?r:jjit isrne it this tist*. Ccr^reta it m aiiirriij. tnul
irbile the Eesate is rsxislsg the BBS the Ho 3»» is idle. Precious tin* Is .-;
waned in <Jc.:. I . ::- . ir. It world be ■puaUMi row for the President to i^Tiie the
foreign powers to appoint dele^atrt to s.= .z .r — fc-.iociJ oosAresce to assemble in the
scnaxatr or at Jateit 1= the !all If «ay icrtber lejislAtJoa Is needed to empower the
President 10 act or to pro-ride is: the expenses cl the ooaJereoet, Congress ah:-. - be
a:ked at ozce :o <p^a.ct it.
Os this queitica tie press *sd the lexder» o! the Repzblicaa party should sp»il:
oot. It right tzd £ni=s ••; ■: :s.ri2 tio^ld be de»lt w::i £r2% bat it i- not
rizfat •-••' ssrey issz* ihozli bs purposed iadeSaitely. £ T ery :.t •-_:._ Ho^ie
panes in idleaess «81 add to public natiafaeasß. It will lake a Joag tine vo tettle
the SrKrciil protest .'. i; co^atry, erea »f :er tie work ©a thtaiu< brgcr. and
there i« thcrtJcre ill the sore *«.•:- Thy :ae berianiaj thooltf be sasde ;i ■ :priag
:=«:» id cl being j-onpe^ed r^ul aext wiater.
TEE BALBOA BOAD.
. .
T^'ii:::- cf the ; Itis c: hold
ing a carnival :- San Francisco tirfi year
enables -• to * '.- cer ritf cc^r • - *.t •• on
the work of eonstmeiing the 6a.boa road.
This is by .-*!.•• xafortczate. Work
on the borleTard will give employment to
men who seed it and the completion of
the enderttking will result ia a benefit far
greater thin any we could have attained
from a carnival, no matter how brilliant
and tzccttttzl it might have been.
>"'. » that we are free to direct every en
erjx to the work of constructing the road
we ihozli carry it forward with greater
-:r: : than ever, The subscriptions to the
fimd, which have been libexal in the past,
t±b=Sdce even more so in the future.
T^shbs) e&odSd now De a generoas response
z.o lie call fcr money, and before the week
clones a raffifieot sum should be contrio-
Dted V 3 assure the completion of the work
without a day's delay.
I! we c nto have a carniral we could
etiily make sometnins of the kina by
celebrating the opening of the new boule-
Tard with a day of festivity ana parade. A
grand drive of richly adorned carriages,
accompanied by a gay cavalcade, followed
by a procession of bicyclist*, would make
:he opening of the new road a genuine
festival and proTlde for the people a holi
day that would be boih beautiful and en
joyable. It would not cost anything like
what a carnival would cost, but it would
be hardly less attractive as' a show and
fully as joyous for all who took part in it.
The issue before us then is to raise
money for the boulevard. L»t us see to
it that thi* work is not suspended for a
single day until it has been fully com
pleted- Every citizen in proportion to his
means should contribute to the fund.' It
is a measure devised by public «plrit for
the public benefit and rightly appeals to
the public for y;pr>ort.
All who intended to subscribe to the
carnival should turn their subscriptions
over to the boulevard. The pleasure to
be received from the completion of that
work will be not less in intensity and
much greater in duration than any that
could have been expected through tee
carnival. Wden the road is completed and
opened every citizen will feel a gratifica
tion in knowing that he gave active help
and aid In the undertaking. It will be a
pleasure as well as an honor to be in
cluded among tboie whose liberality and
generosity have enabled the City to give
work to the unemployed and wages to the
industrious while adorning itself with so
magnificent a highway as the Balboa
road. 4*:
WOELD MAPS 01 1337 ASD 1897.
The latest volume of "The Etatetman's
Year Book" contains a number of maps
Bbowin'e tae comparative condition of the
is to political geography :n lS37and
IfBT taa «Dan of sixty years covering the
re kb of Qaeen Victoria, and it is interest
ing to note tbe changes that have Deen
wrought in that time.
he rat.: s of Europe tbe most notable
changes are in tbe regions platted in this
year's map in soiid colors a? r >errnany and
Italy. Comparing this with the map that
shows Europ« at the time Victoria
ascended the British throne w« see tl.e
region now covered by the Italian and
German empires cut up into a multiplic
ity of petty Statea. Another striking
chang? is M«a in tbe maps of the Balkan
paninsula. Turkey in that region baa
been lessened by the severing of Ken
mania, 't-.z-.-a.. B jigaria and Montenegro.
in the two maps of Alia the most no
ticeable difference is the spread of the
British and the Ku«*ian empires. Vic
toria, Kmp;ess of ladia, j.oi reijjni ever
tbe wbo:e of finrmah, the islands of Bor
neo, Sumatra ana their neighbors, nearly
the whole extent of Hindoo:tan, and so
far to the north that only the land of tbe
Afghans i;es between bar dominions tni
those of the great r'.Tal empire oi Russia.
The Flowery Kingdom siili stretches
almost unchanged over an area vast as
Europe, but owing to the suddenly devel
oped warlike prowess of her little neigh
bor, Japan, the peninsula of Korea is no
longer mapped as part of the Chinese em
pire. Russia has stretched herself south
ward -and swallowed Tartary whole, and
that country, as bi# as India, has disap
peared from the map. Russia now bor
ders upon Persia and Afghanistan, with
the exception of a slender strip of inde
pendent territory along the river Oxus as
It flows to the Aral Sea. A'nam has
passed to the French, and the other
changes are minor.
Africa then and Africa now make inter
esting maps to study. In 1537 Egypt for
Turkey, and Cape Colony for Britain, like
two little bites out of an immense pie,
were about all it was worth while for the
mapmakerto color and bound with the
claims of any nation's possession in all
that vast continent whose interior was an
unknown world. Now it is blocked like a
checkerboard with the colors that mark
the claims of the British, Germans,
French, Portuguese, Italians, Spaniards
and Turks.
Far in the interior of the Soudan the
warlike natives that fought with such
fanatic ze»: for the Mah ii Btill
hold their country free from the domina
tion of any civilized power, and on the
latest map this inaccessible land of turbu
lent Dlacks ia left white, blank and un
bounded. The only thine; else that has
no claimant is a part of the great Sahara
Desert, bat over even ;he major portion of
THE SAX FRANCISCO C All . MONDAY, APniT. VJ. 1897.
_.i worthless watte France spread! her
ownerthip under the name of Algeria.
-••::: on the north, it one of the
largest Independent States, and the Boers
nave their bag free republic far to the
■oath. la the center of the continent the
great Congo State beart no nation's
colors, thonga it is bracketed ''Belgian."
In South America the states of Pata
gonia and La Plata have been in ■nil
dated into the Argentine Republic, which
is' now second in size to Brazil, and
Brazil ha» remained stationary. Chile
has added to her vast length by capturing
the whole tea coast cf Bolivia, and,
stretching far to the south like an enor
mous boa constrictor, has swallowed a.
that narrow part of Patagonia which lay
between the Andes and the Pacific Ocean.
New Grenada has been transmuted into
Colombia, and the Venezuela boundary,
which awakened tne long dormant doc
trine of Monrot, is still unsettled.
In Australia England has had it all her
own way, aad the island-continent, which
was while and blank in 1&37 aave for nar
row margin* along the shore, is now pink
all over with the color the map-maker has
apportioned to Britain.
To come home to oar own country.
Alaska ha; passed by purchase from R-j§
tia to thf Unitea State;, and, partly be
cause she »i« uhippet? and partly because
she was liberally paid, Mexico has lessened
herself and increased this Republic by the
bin region now mapped a- New Mexico,
Arizona, >'eTada and California. Texaj,
which was a free republic in 1537, now
adds much to the balk of the Union, and
Orezon and Washington, then in dispute
with England, bare become oura.
COAST IZCHAHGIS.
— — — - - -
Progress again. The Vallejo Tisxtt cays that
Vallejo is going to have . bicycle velodreas
; and new athletic grounds.
The Saata Barbara Prut mention* the be
ginning of work cpoa the construction ■-..' an
elec aat new bathhonw lor that thrivlcg city.
G»rlock has a paper, Just established by
Charles Scheldt Jr., who U eatlsfied with the
good old aaiae c! 9mm lor the child of his
ambition.
The Santa Barbara Fan v right tide tip
again after Its reported failure. Foriucately
the "JBilure" wai only a temporary misun
i demanding.
The Merced stw advertises a notice to the
effect that oa the 15th last, the Cltj Trustees
; win open bids for sprinkling the streets of
; Merced during the summer.
The Tx aver E'-cord announces in a long i
salutatory that It is la existence and billed lor
a permanence beside which the hill* there
abouts will eventually turn green with— «prl=z
foliage. ■% • .-•."
i
And, speaking of Interior progress, here Is
the Chico Chronicle- Record alio talking about a
Board of Trade lor Its town. Truly, the country
papers are overrunning with vim and ambi
tion this «prlag. i;.
The Santa Ana Blade sensibly Insists that if
Us special edition oa Orange County Is to ac
complish any good it should be seat East.
Certainly that Is where the prime advantage
of a local "write-up" must come in.
In the Interior they say, la discussing a pro
posed Improvement, that It "moj;" be done.
The Concord fun rises to ordain that as soon
as the Valley road route has been determined
through Contra Costa County the new court
bouse mutt be planned and built forthwith.
Buch a spirit ought tokeep things moving.
la a special "spring election edition" the
Placerrille Suggtt proposes to advertise El
Dorado County broadcast OTer the country.
Ten thousand copies are In contemplation, a
contemporary, confronted by this proposition,
pause* In admiration to aver mat Editor Eob
eruon of the Nuggefls a rustler from war
back." t-. ■-'.:
The Redlands Factt, Citrogrcph and Truth
are vying with one another as to which of
ttiem shall Lope the loudest for an electric
railway. At present a .: of them are almost
audible, and the electric line U In a fair way
to be invoked tut of the pockets of Eedlands'
capitalists, to whom subscription blanks are
being extended.
There Is narked resignation In the tone of
the San Bernardino Sun In lv announcemen
that Riverside "bids ten to one" against San
BernsrdiDo for the Acoin flouring mill,
whose projectors rave recently been out on a
bonus hunt in that vJcinr.y. Apparently the
enterprise will perch on a Riverside site, but
the Sun should again take heart and remem
ber that there are others.
E. L. Marshall, proprietor of the Oakland
Daily Telegram, has been re-enforced by Charles
Mauialen, chairman of the Republican County
C«atnl Committee of a ameda County, who
hereafter wiil act as business rasnagerof the
paper while Mr. Man hall confines himself to
the editorial desk. The Telegram states" that
business is "iooking up" in journalism on the
other side of the bay.
The San Luis Obiipo Brtat comes up from
the south to whisper that there will be an
"old-fashioned" county fair held at San Luis
Obiipo this fall, commencing, cay, September
14, and lasting to and Including Saturday,
September 18. This county (air Is going to be
gotten up (it declares) by the bus ness men of
that city, in the absence of en appropriation
from the State.
"Progress" Is the cry throughout the State.
The, coast press ring* with it from north to
south. The MarysTllle Appeal adds lv voice
to the chorus by announcing in double-leaded
type a new Board of Trade for Marysrille. It
hopes that different methods will: be adopted
for the operation 01 this one from those exer
cised in the former one, which went to smash,
as only by a . change in legislation does the
Appeal hope tor success.
The Campbell Prut, the Tulare BegUter and
the Ealiaas t Owl have set excellent example*
for the Interior press throughout the State to
follow. They keep standing In a prominent
part ©t them » concise return* or their rei pec
ttve oaaatte*'" s.^t s^int'N to«*tTt*T with M -
aboait thft'ir r<pttUtlx>a, i.vmi.mi, oitw»t« aad
reaeta\*toipdgnn>Ji\ci»l and ia«l««trt»« twit
•.join, %■• all onuto.^r- Into « Imm h»t\d»
t*« p*p«irt o>,*r,«v i.> ;'«" taay find an tadex of
****• peaces at ptam us • sutde book b*tore
fciat. , '
NEWS OF KORH;GN NAVIES
Two turner* and itr«nty barpps have been
©rdered (or it* Ro»:»a volunteer fleet Ircia
tMpj-aris *a the G .tvi*
Laird Bretatrs, Eirkeaacad, are rapidly
eoapletlr jr six torr><sio-boat <ie*troreri for tie
British Admiralty. oae c! taea Uto have a
speed of S3 tacts.
Tie lttet: FreaiSi warships have a doable
-- ni fi«k triteai. Tht e^ckt are abotrt
•ICkt ieet apart aad ii« tpacc be ween Is t -led
with :ia.axd store* so as to forn a cc*er
dam. Tae dzawback to lilt i^mtua is that It
rrtatlj- ztt-ztes •.;m-5:...:t c f lie *_.;•».
Tie EritlEi crdser Eipar, TSSO ton, had
ser trial last- C 2th. »it«r a inorotigc refit,
and deTelcped 10,367 horsepower and a
•peed of 30 l Jtxou. Oa Xoreicber 19. 1891.
"--- '- thljj »l- ; i e= C 2 tie eoatraetort'
>Mfc,it« averages 12.530 horsepower aad
-. .-£--.-.• ::• :r:::: hotirs.
Tie e=p-l3yet at DesilcrtVviciTallarrard
held a =«tSag March 23, at which retolr
were pttit4 cetl-- :; tie Adalraity for l!i
delay iv carrjlas into effect cerlila acts re-
Mai r pas*ea by Pariiamer: for tie bMR
pt.Ts.t2l cf waf es. The pretest "f it.- -
"ft" a* »i» bmcSbc expressed it. 1» .1.7
We2tef4&Swe«iiy.
Kavy Jrcliairj ia thl» ctrsarry ii rather ilsw
a* cess ? * red with Great Erltaia, Vut Fraac*
l*£i wefElly. l -riag tie recast c*'&&:« en
tT . T tpprocristioii la th* F react Caa=t*r cl
U«pntie« li. Cle=eaece'3 called atteatloa to
tfce tardiness ci ehlp-brUdia? aadcte'd «vera!
itrrart lac taacea. The ta:t:e-£hi? Jearrer:^
berry of 11.514 toai ordered April 5. 1=91,
tad sot eo=: pleted by March 1, pretest year.
The Botrriße*. cl 6610 »a«, ordered oect=ber
18. 1889, «tIU «Beo=jp:eted, «.:.d I/e Ltt .7 4*
Lone, ol 6300. beyna Xorenifaer 26, 1887, did
cot co terriee until 1£95. As a co=»ast
he die! tie BiitUa btul*-«tip Kt;eti!c, 14,
--910 tost, I—nffaed two ye*.-» after ii«r keel
was laid, «.rd Ziiier 7: ,:: . HI, Geraaa
Vt;:.t-i::;oJ 11,500 ten*, l»t:LCaed la J=sy,
1=96, within clxteea aoatii after keellag on
Itarci 5, 1535.
construction in England :i now keep
ing pace with t hip-build Ing, a fact which ac
count* .'or recent rapid work in completing
snip*. In the 12-inch wire-wound qua Brit
ish ordnaaee experts culm to havt the test of
any similar orcsance. It weight 46 tons and
has asm shells of £50 y.z-ii with a
charge of 640 pounds. In February last three
shots were fired at a mark 5000 yards distant
and • •""."• fen within a re-tangle of four
yards by two yards. United ate« naval guns
of 12-inch caliber weigh 45 tons, throw «
sheli of 650 pounds, but th« charge belag only
425 pounds tae muxsie velocity retches only
2100 foot second*, while the British qua as«
tains 2357 foot seconds. The French 12-1:.
gun weighs 45.9 tons, but the shell weighs
only 644 pound*, ana Is therefore not so elec
tive ts the other runs referred to notwith
standing the high murxle velocity of 2625 foot
seconds. • -•■■■■- -'■■.
i-ERsOKAL.
J. D. Colby of >"eTada City li at the Lick
c : ■-..
; Ex-Seaatcr S;rague of Sacramento li at the
Baldwin.
Bit bop William F. Nichols c: Ban Mateo is at
the Occidental Ho:eL
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Eo«a Is a guest a:
the Occidental Hotel.
Frederick C. Howe ol Boston registered at
the Pa ace last evening.
G. E. Liboy of New York arrived last even
ing asa is at tie Palace.
Judge Hart of Sacramento Is In the City,
stopping tt the Grand Hotel.
Dr. W. S. Noblett of the »z Perce Indian
Agency, Idaho, li at the Grand Hotel.
J. de Ssbla, president of the electric light
company cf Nevada City, is at the Grand.
T. D. Tappaa and J. Edward Simmons, bank
en of New York, are registered at the Palace.
I M*Jor H. A. Btrt>:t, C. £. A., Is registered
at the Palace. He is on fell way to Washing
ton, having recently left Honolulu.
Gertrude tar ague, Grayce Gilmore and
Esther Plnab are registered at the Occidental
Hotel as members of the Emalley concert com
pany.
Governor Bndd returned to EeusaMto from
his Mount Tamalpsis trip yesterday afternoon,
and left for Sacramento en the 6 o'clock train
last erasing.
Lieatenant-GoTernor Jeter of Santa Crux
■aw th* sunrise yeiterday morning from a
point of view" on the crest of Mount Tamal
pals. Last eveaing he dined on the yacht
Lurllne. and had a delightful sail on the bay
a* tee guest of John D. &p-eckels.
HER LiTILE SCHEME
My love is very sweet to me
These days;
I not* a great Inproveraect la
Her ways.
The seals are good, aad «verythlrg
Axoaiia
The tons* Is brisfct. and cheer aad lave
Abound.
She mteu me In u>« vestibule
At eight:
She Fail my checks and flatters me,
The sprit* 1
She says Vm looking vonnger cv'—
Ryday:'
Bo: w»U I knew for this 111 have
To pay!
I'm no spring chicken, I can Mil
Yoa tha: !
H» tier's corrinr. and «he wan:«
A hat!
—Cleveland Leader.
WilH YOUR COFFRE.
"Do you regard Burner as strict hone-:?'
"Well, no; I've always regarded him as
human." — Chicago Journal.
Mrs. Pancake— l can't see why a great big
fellow like yon should beg.
Hungry Hank— Well, mum, I b'pese me sire
helps to gimme an appetite.— New York Truth.
"How fast you are crowing, Tommier*
"Yes. Too fast, i think. They water me too
much. Why, I have to take a bath every morn
ing."—Harper's Bound Table.
"Do you think he's worthy of our daugh
ter?" asked the old gentleman, doubtfully.
"Worthy!" exclaimed Mrs. Bloomer, as if
astoaisAed at the question, '*whT, h» has a
record of twenty-six centary runs."— Chicago
Post. ■
"The cashier of the coal office has lost his
Job."
"How did that happen?"
"He rushed into the office and told hit em
ployer* he had Lea.-d a robin."—
Record. ; ' •
MEN AND WOMEN
Miss Grace Falr^eather is the champion
woman billiard player of the world. She is a
native of Newcastle, England, and Is not yet
21 years of age.
It was very cenriderate of tbe Transvaal to
come to the front just as England began to
draw out oi the Cretan trouble in order that
she might not be overcome by a feeling of
ennui ana lassitude.— Chicago Post.
Mrs. Harrison, who wrote "The Carlsaima"
aa Lucas Malet, is a great lover of the poetry
of her father, the Rev. Charles Kingsley.
When ahe is at home she is on ground he has
made familiar, for her husband is the rector
of Cloveliy.
Berlin art circles are interested In a young
artist who promtiea to make his mark.
Though only 23 jears old and •till a student,
W. Kre.f nu won the $1500 prize for the plan
of a national war monument, to be erected in
I*e!psic. There wtri seventy-two competitor!.
A Nebraska legislator ha« Introduced a bill
making it a misdemeanor lot any cltlien to
have In his possession a deck of cards with
more than tour aces or kings in it. " In many
sections of the West ihlrU a capital offense
which caUs for a funeral, and Nebraska shows
marked forbearance In refusing to make it at
•as: a leloaj. &m&$&&£&~i
WHO SUCCEEDS
COL. SHAFTER?
Not Yet Certain Who Will
Ccmmand the Post at
the Presidio.
May B* Colonel Cook or Co'.ccel
K\ize — Military Tournament
This Month— New Rules.
Anotber Sham Battle Announced for
Wednesday— New Infantry Regu
lations Delayed.
All lie rrea: events of the w«elt 5n *rmr
circles were reported in Th« C4U during
the course of the week. Th« officers and
men rt the Presidio are trailing for the
• — anon of Coloael Shatter as brig**
2:tr-ge^eral, as ;hey are aaxioas to know
ii Cciont! Heary C. Coot, 'tht tenior
colonel now is command of th« po«t at
Fort v»r ds;, is to <cec«ecl him at that
post. Under the law the senior colonel
take* ccsisiaad of :ne first vacancy that
occurs, and this will be the first nnless
be:ore the consrmatios of Colonel Sbaf;»r
the retiring board that was ordered for
William L. Eeiloeg, Fifth Infantry, should
report and create a vacancy. In that c&ae
Cclcat! Cook would have to fill that, and
the next vacancy caiued by the promo
non of Colonel Ehafier would £>• filled by
Colonel Jacob Kline, Ninth lalantry, who
is the sex: ra*i:ag colonel.
About the Btfc of tbe current month
Troop C, Fcnrta CaTalrj, Captain George
H. G. Gale, and Troop £ cf the same regiment.
Captain Alexander K^dge.-.-. will leave the
Presidio for Sequoia and Grant park.;, to be
absent on guard duty for use time.
Captain John Pitcher, Fin: Cavalry, his wife
and his wile's sister, wtre la this City last
week from Fort H uses nee, Axlr.
Private William T. Gamer, Battery K. Third
Artillery, found guilty by a court-martial of
drunkenness and c: fighting with a comrade
to the prejudice cf good order and military
discipline, «as sentenced «Ix previous con
victions within eighteen months being in
evidence) -to be dishonorably discharged from
the army of the Uaiied states." The sentence
was approved, bat it was mitigated to a for
feiture of &2O of Ms pay.
The following rule to goTem In regard to
mounted contests in athletic events has been
promulgated:
The contestants stand My yards apart.
facing each other. The judge stands about
midway fcetw-en them a*d commands 'First
(or scch) assault* At his command, the con
testants advance at a gallop, neetine right
band to right hand, and score if possible. if
they xsil tot core, each circles to the right,
taxing edvantegeof his opponent to scare a
point. ben a point is scored, tee judge will
command ' Halt* 1 a~d t&e contestants will re
tire to the starting point. Nothing but
clean cuts to count. Ehooid a contestant
f trice the other's corse the judge shall decide
wnether it was accidental or otherwise, and li
he decides that it was through carc.«uneas or
intent that coatesteat wll: be disqualified.
Fifteen attacks. The first coateitaat scoring
eight (8) points to fee declared the winner. In
cate both men makecleancutsdmultaneoutly
the judge declares that particular assault a
draw unless one of the contestants had a no
ticeable advantage. In all cases the assault
will continue until the jedge makes his aa«
nonncemeat. A contestant who falls from his
horse er who is disarmed shall be considered
defeated. ;,
Tbe regular period of instruction in mili
tary signaling commenced last Monday aad Is
to continue for two hours each afternoon, ex
cept Sunday, until twenty-four hoars' prac
tice shall hare been had. There are men spe
cially Ou.i.e<l for this particular duty, but
every officer and man in the serrice must
familiarize himself in the art of sigsalisg;
that la. they must all t-e able to read signals.
Tnere are some who do not think teat the
cost to which Lieutenant-Colonel Young has
been assigned— that of the Yellowstone Park —
will prove an altogether pleasant one, for the
reason that lor eight months in the year the
park is almost deserted. The only months
that the visitors go there are June, July, Aug
ust and September, although a few hare reg
istered as late as October. The balance of the
time the place Is desolate and the prospects
not the most cheerful.
Another sham battle has been announced
for this week, possibly on Wednesday. This
will take place, like the one a short time since,
in the vicinity of Fort Point.
Major Wells Wiliard of the subsistence de
partment has been granted leaTe of absence
for a month.
Flrtt Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt of the
ordnance department, on duty at the Benicia
arseaal, has been ordered to make not to ex
ceed two visits to the Caliioraia Powder
Works, In canta Crux County, on official busi
ness pertaining to the iarpection of powder
under process of maculae; -re at those works
for the ordnance department.
There is a manifestation of impatience be
cause the new infantry drill regulations are
not out. General Miles has had them under
consideration for some time, but it is expected
that they will be sent to the printer shortly.
There Is great expectation at the Presidio as
to the grand military tournament that will
tske place there commencing on the 19th and
continuing for at leait four days. It will be
the greatest military event that has taken
place there, ana it is expected that ther* win
be a larger number of people on the grounds
than there ever was seen at the Presidio since
it was Known as such.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Tbe Knights of Honor'! Grand Dic
tator la Arranging the I.lst
of Deputies.
Grand Reporter Johnstone of the Knights of
Honor has, since the adjournment of the
Grand Lodge, been bury preparing the pro
ceedings and making up the necessary papers
for the new officials.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited Yerba
Buena Lodge last Monday. There was an ini
tiation and one application wai read. This
lodge is in receipt of applications at every
meeting.
The grand officers paid a vls'.t to Center
Ledge In Berkeley last Tuesday. The lodge
worked is the lmtatiory degree and during
the evening it was announce that lour appli
cations, which had been presented, had been
Dts.-ed upon and approved by the supreme
medical examiner.
Grand Reporter Johnstone paid a visit to
Leland Stanford Lodge last Thursday. Judge
John A. Carroll, wno Is a member of this
lodge, has been appointee: chairman of the
committee on laws of the order.
The grand dictator is rlElting the lodges in
v.'atsos vJl'.e and Santa Crux.
A special organizer is establishing a lodge In
Salinas, and expects to nave it ready for insti
tution shortly.
The grand dictator has almost completed his
selection of committees and deputies, and
these will be announced during the coming
week. The commissions of the deputies ire
now being prepared.
Judge H. C. Austin of Los Angeles, who had
been -appointed deputy grand dictator of the
■onthern part of the State, has opened a
Knight of Honor office in the California Bank
building in Los Angeles. Several lodges are
in process of formation in Los Angeles County.
The list for April shows that California had
ten deaths, seven in class A and 3 in class B.
Six of these in class A were paid two weeks be
fore the list was received.
Order of the Eastern Star.
The ball of Mission Chapter at Valencia and
Sixteenth ttreeti «v crowded to its capacity
laat Eaturday nigbt, it being the occasion of
the official visit of the district deputy. Among
those present were: Most worthy grand ma
tron of tne general grand chapter of the
United States. Mrs. Mary E. Partridge of Oak
land; Mrs. Kate J. Wiilats, grand secretary;
Mrs. Jennie A. GraTes. worthy matron of Ivy
Chapter; Mrs. Helen May Patterson, past wor
thy matron oi Ivy Chapter; George W. H. Pat
terson, past worthy patron of Ivy Chapter-
Mrs. Maria A. Pierce, worthy matron oi Oak
leaf Chapter, and many other prominent mem
bers of the order. Henry C. Bunker, the wor
tny patron of the chapter who had been ab
sent for tsveral meetings, be:ng :c the coun
try, was at his station. Five candidates were
Initiated and the work was 10 weU done that
th« officers who performed it were highly com
plimented. The chapter is adv&ncln? rapidly,
and the large attendance of members ana
Tisi:or« at each meeting shows the Interest
that U being taken la it.
Tne dlftnct deputy trill on Friday next
offlc-laiiy run Goiden Chapter at San
Lea&dro.
Ob Tuesday eTeaing Iry Chapter will con-
Ut !i3«o«gre«9On seTeral candidates, and the
3 nil • oil* are that there will £>c a Urge at
u-B*JtL'.e to witness the work.
tirrk*l+j i.-i'lge IC and L. of H.
Tfco loTitatloa social to be given In East
JU>rbe:*y by B«rltel»r Lodze of the Knights
»'-■' L*aie« <ji Honor will be given to-morrow
uixLi »i America m..,.
SALT RIVER VALLEY.
A Beautiful Region of Arizona That
la Becoming Popular a* a
Winter Resort.
Dr. G«orge E. Goodfellow of Tucson,
Territorial Health Officer of Arizona, is
in the City. The doctor figures that the
Territory has the required population for
statehood, hut holds that the citizens are
quite well pleased with territorial govern
ment. Tlie custom ol selecting a resident
ot the Territory for Governor gires gen
«=;«'■ sattAfaction. A new Governor is soon
U> M chosen and several well-known resi
dents are aspirants for the honor.
Th« imputation of Arizona in steadily
Increasing and many of the new-comers
are people of means and influence. The
d«r*U>rmetit of Salt River Valley by rea
son of irrigation has rendered that region
of the Territory a favored place as a win
ter resort. The number of wealthy and
cultured people who elect to spend the
winter there increases with each succeed
ing season. The valley, with its beauti
ful towns and villages, now sustains a
population ot 30,000. "The old ruins occa-
Monallr brought to light indicate that the
valley 1000 years ago wa- densely settled
and perhaps supported 100,000 people.
HIS ACT CONDEMNED.
OoTtrnor Fndd tcmured by the Local
Bookbinders' Union.. * •■_
The Bookbinders' Protective and Bene
ficial Association of San Francisco Satur
day evening held a special meeting to dis
cus* the action of Governor Badd in veto
ing the Stste Printer's appropriation bill, i
which provided the means for conducting j
the State printing office for the next two
! years. As a result strong resolutions con
demning such action were Dassed. These
recited t at the Siate printing office is es- i
tablished by Jaw for the purpose of doing
the printing for the State, which includes :
the text- books for the public schools.
A large number of workmen are em
ployed in this work, and they are de
prived from earning a living by the Gov
ernor's act. The union considers that the
Governor has worked a Mriotu hard ship
on the men and their families, and the
resolution concludes by saying:
Raoivtd. That we, as citixess cf : z. • State,
do cosdexas the acnoa of Goreraor B^dd. asd
■wodd reftoiaraend aa iaqalry into the legal
ity cf said, action.
Folioc Widowt and Orpha-s.
The rerclar ceetizs of the Widows' mi Or
phAas'Aid Axsodatios of the Pdice I>eptrt
neat •*&& held la JaSse Joachirue3"s : : .rv
rocs: yesierday afternoon. It -wai <;edied
that t« tie Ut* Bezceaas ntxribbc^s, vito left
aa estate Talced at $50,<XK>, had it: ptid n>
his dees, his tazolij was sos cs titled ta
the usual beseSt irosa th« s^sociAtisa. A
dost:ioa of fo4 6O to the aisodatioa ■ra«
receiTfcd ito— ex-Chief of Police Cxcwley.
Cxz. fiaoe I mi: 50c per Ib^ i: To-rzszziTt. •
Fyrc.il information daily to naanfi£t^r*rs.
business couses and ; zrlic aca bj- the Press
Clipping Bcreac (AJlea'i), 510 Montgomery. •
"Why don'i that -•-.z*iz. wit you've been
predicting right aloes ccna c 2, Hr. Spcrtly?"
inquired Ms wile.
•'I suppose the kinetoseope people are to:
ready."— Detroit Free Press.
Faster lime en the Santa Fe Route.
Three and One-half D.ti to
Chicago or St. Louis— Foot
and One-half Day* to
»w York.
Iyea-ring San FraacUco Mondays »t»-1 TiarsiaTrs.
i: 5 ml. connection is cade at Bamo* witn the
f uqooi S»nta Fe ltriited train. Dining-car, baSet
amoitiug-car. T«t:baJed Pullman, palace draw^ng
rooni, sleepers. The ha-a»oni*st train on eaixb—
eqnipioest and appointment* fasltlesa. Dailr
through sleeping-cars, both palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Ctlcago. Tickets also so;; Tla
Cfden. Portlacd. aojare, Los Angel es. Demlng or
El Paso, to all point* In the edited Stares, Canada,
Mexico or EurODe. Ticket : offioe 6*4 3f arcet
street, Chroalde Building. Telephone Main 1531.
Railroad Tickets to the East rla Klo
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Grande Hallways,
At lowest possible rates, with ttroßja raHiaaa
buffet and tcnrlst aleeplag car service erezr £*▼.
PersosaUy eondncted exearslons !«iv.; 5 Tuesiay,
Wednesday and Thursday. Onlr Une pmnalixiig
stop-over at Salt Lake City on a 1 classes of tickets
Detailed information and tickets famished as 1*
Montceniary street, or 3:4 CaUJorma test-.
••Wrf. Wlnilow'i Soothing Syrup"
Has been u«d erer fifty years by mnis©n« sf
BOiben ten their ehU<3reawM.e Teething with -•>
feet tree mi Ii eoo-hestbaehnd, aoftensifctrama,
allayi Pain, cores Wind Colic r«ft".s!i! -.he Boweis
an* lstn«beitrcs:e(:y(crl}Urrface*a,waetaeran«
-lug ircß tee:h l=c cr other casm, -or sale fey CCrtz t
|U:« la CTery par. of the world. B> sere and «ak
Mr Kxa, WUsvcwi tool* la* £yro> Ssc a tillli
Co»c^Ai)O>— Atiaosphere is perfect!? err. r»fl
aad isHd, being eaUrely 'res from the aim co»
iten renter Berth. Kooßd-trlp tickets, by steas>
•Dtp. lacloeiEg fifteen days' board at the Hot*. <t>.
Coroaado, 135; longer stay 9 2 50 pcx day. Apai/
4>'ew lloaifoscery st-. Baa Fraudaoa,
To soothe and strengthen tie Tocal ortr&ss,
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral ha* long bees the fairer.:*
preparation with public speakers.
She had wandered Into & department «tore.
"I want force is Tors for a German," she ex
plained to a floorwalker.
"Count or Baron T" he asked politely.
She saTe htm a naughty glance and walked
out— Chicago Post.
KEW TO-DAT.
It seems to you that that
tickling, hacking cough is all
in the throat. But your doc-
tor will tell you that this sen-
sation is often deceiving. The
cough is often the signal of
deeper trouble in the bron-
chial tubes or in the lung
tissue itself. These inflamed
membranes can only be
healed by treating the system.
For all lung troubles, espe-
cially in the earlier stages, no
remedy equals Scott's Emul-
sion of Cod-liver Oil. Its
special power is in healing
the inflamed tissues of the
lungs.
ARCHDEACON WEBBEB. -
An Int«reatlns Talk on Man's Estate at
T. «i. V. A. Hall.
Archdeacon Webber spoke to a good
audience at Y. M. C. A. Hall, Ellis street,
yesterday afternoon. He read, the first
: ten or twelve verses of the fifteenth chap-
' ter of the compel according to St. John. '
j The line of thought which the speakei i
pursued was to the effect that man in hii \
natural state was righteous and that i
j departure from the path of rectitude wai
; unnaturaL To bring man back to bla uj>
right state was tbe redeeming mission oi
Chmt. •
The discourse of Deacon Webbei
abounded in viTid illustration. He main-
tained the interest of his bearers so mi-
i tensely that they could hardly rea3iw
j when he finished speaking that he tad
talked for one hour.
The Archdeacon is to 'ie%re San Fran-
j Cisco neit "Wednesday. His work in th:i
City is highly commended by Mr. -McCoy
; and otners wno have had an opportunity
of estimating its value to the cause oi
\ Christian pro?- • . ' .
SEW TO-DAY. -
MONEY '-ps;
Made Buying ;
Crockery aid Chinawjire
AT
; GnntAKricatefltdiiitaCi
MONEY SAVING STORES: ; ;
j 140 Sixth st. "I 325 Hayes «X. "'.
j 065 Market »t. 218 ThirS at. .": "
J 146 Ninth st. "' " 200S Fillmvrc at. •
617 Kearny *t. ? iWi'j Slxtseßtlf ft.
| 1419 Polk st. '2510 Missivs it
j 1344 Market st. ~t: Alcctgoasery are,
32 55 Mission st. • • • o - ,\> '■ ,°
OAKLAND- . . : . '
1053 Washington st. ' 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, . \ E. O\KUSD.
131 San Pablo ay. 616 L Twelfth St.,
ALAMEDA— I*S^S Park «-V. ° c ,.*. '
Headquarters, 52 Market . ' St., :S* F»
Operating .1 op Stores
That's. \vhy we
sell :so cheap.
Good reason ? jf
STATE NT?; v
OP THE • •• .' r./ ■ °_ '
COJTDITIOS astd" atfaihs.
OFTE2 .' •' ;°. °"o o
NOBTHWESTIM IDTUAL
LIFE ISBAICE GfVHY : : r
OF Jt""9T -;• ry raz state ITW3B-
«■»* •* a* Sltr. dap- ml i*nftni»-' a. i^
[ -SrS, *ifi Jar tit yt-tr ei/ciif nt ti£i i»j- zzx,h^t-
I *? J^* iMMwet OeacitwKir: • -or xb« B£tz*. of
-«■--•: i - . ; ... .
! ttaa CIS c* la* 2"CLi3ca; Ottt i • ««jf >r^. ■ .
CAFITXI-.
ie:t:; & Ca^tal S»=t i*ii c» • : ■ "■• \ '
ta *"*.**, , ' TTt • .-. . ' o
A«SJETS. •'•'•• f.' j" ,
M*t *»: wof B*a! Sataj* cira*i fey •" \ . ' "- "•
tbeCoßspasT .- I KUO4.IVI S3
Aa«mt «* Leaaa «*c«r*d S? Seas' ■• • - •
*=i MeSfj^ oa E*al itiit fefi-STT ", -I •
"L "■,' - :: *- »--- ■*-• la isy' .■ ■•" '.'. * -
ftrsi takes la payaaesi c! ere- ■ •• i • .] .
satsssm jMUeVasewla taroe.. . ' SUKU '
Cata earfcet tjJs« cf aa Siocki * T! . *
aafi BosCs :»im :? l- . .=.■ * • <; • ••
,r**r - i*.fii,rro m °
AiacTiax ci Cvi ca hAsi la Cca- ..- "- '.
pasj-'s oSce :.i - -; o*
Amwtt cJ Cash dej>osli*S la •
. *— ■- „ 1..T»4.*4J 59
I-:*rtt: a=.S accrued .. 1.63 1 >«51 44
Bests dee as 3 teem«! > ijj cg 0
2>es a=:e=ri cf rrcralsai la pro-
cess ci eollectlea, aad ci deferred * •: ° 2
prtia:c=s« 1,&67,1tS S«
Casa loass ta pollcy-toli'noa till . . "
Ccrap«ajr'§ ;o..ci-« **gits*& m
coil era! .. .............. S.SIT.2JI 00 .
Total Aim-.! 991.*- i .- 74
LIABILITIES. I
CUSai for dtath loese* asfi ssa-
tcr*d (Biovisesta. cb« aad as- r--*- .
paid |T|g*O M
C» -» for d»ua c«w as.d a*- "
'=•-«•'- •t-owmeata la process of
adjastaeau or ».i;-i:«-2 bo; bos •
doe r^»tsle<l b ,isViso£s"p»=V"l I^4.B'S ~o
C » - » r»,!ss*<: : UeCOBfMT...
Set present Ti :• en an tae o=i-
ctaodlng policies, competed ae>
cordlsiK to tte Combined Experi-
ence Tab:es oi iionaitry. wlii
four per cest Interest 72 501.57*
Amonai of a..! aapald irvdenis to
policy-holders 102.1 TO 00
Present value of amoanta co; yet I
doe oa matured ia»: ailment poli-
cies.... __ «.... ..- a .-
All other de2:ac.a«"a«aicK'"Vie
Ooapaay „ A9.3i903
Total UasOlUes .?75.122.555 ii0
INCOME. ~— —
fash reeelred far prexaictsa o -
oew polie;*- darias rear I 1 T*l m
Cash n-otlv*d for ria»»ii or pre- ' '*-«"> 3 *
mioins curisgthfyear 12,47 s * 473 49
Cash rect:T«j for tale of annuities. I L7SO ■ «
Cash received for Interes. -..1.. 4,3>" 703 a 5
Cash recsivei for rears ... i»r%ii<oQ
Cash received frca all other -*•=*"♦»
•o«»«*s - 19,1*0 »7
Total Income -*1P,559,52S 4$
KIPESDITURES. " ~
Cash paid for losses acJ aamre-3
enaowraeaw »4.053,670 74
Cash paid 10 aanaltaats _ a,oi6 "S
ftud fcr sarrscderei po.ici?s 550..62 is
PaW tor dmasndJ to>oU=j- bold- °~-°- ia
*» — ....; l,S7it>27 --
Fremiam notes voided by lapse in.*'*;! 6S
Comialsiioas paid 10 as^sis 1.591. 74
Salaries aad o:her cos:pe&\a:ioa of
cSctrs and - employ t-s, except
sweats and medical txaainera... SSS.7S3 «
ileaical exasilsers' lees a=d »*> ««*a
aries...... ii9»srg
Cash paid tor taxes 2SL47* 07
Cash paid for rents SS»O00 00
Casa paid lor ocmioniiag cossrais-
aloas..... -..„„.........,»....._... 25.?09 >>5
All other cash payiaeats -V.i. 49^,296 OJ
Total Expeniltoras dnrinf th«
- Vc » r ..-. fai46,753 4S
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUXT.
Premium note* and
ether premium ob-
lUatioas a: besio-
ningcf the yetr — $418,301 84
Premiers ao:es aad
cta»r premium 00-
-iigatioas recelre<l
during the year 57.72455—
De^ioi-difiaV-Vhe-Ve^^ «<»ftOM»
fcciows:
Amount or notes ar.i
! other premium 00-
-\ ligations used in
;ay men: of losses
and claims ? 19, 1 35 44
Amooat of ::o;»s and
other premlam cb- •
■ .<qs us«d :q
parctaseot sarrea-
cered p01icie5........ 7,556 76
Amoaat of notes and
osh«r premlam 00-
-llcatloas used in '■' '■•
payment ot «tirt-
dends to PQtif i
holcers. 56,902 71 '
Amount of ao»«« and .
oilier premlaca ob-
l.sa;:ons voided by "
lays* of poUi-ies. 30 851 63 -
Amount of notes aad
O! her premium ob-
licaiioiis reuevmed
by miter in cash... :25 055 57—
Total redne-.loa ot Premium- ' .iC-''
Sot« Account 119,65215
I Balance, no. assets at end of
the year..... SSS6.S94 03
ILL. rAUIEK, JTesldeot
. J. W. .-K..NNKK. Secretary.
Subscribed and swora to b«fer« me this 3d day .
of February," 1 597.
I". K. SAXBURK. Notary Public ,
CLARENCE~M. SMITH,
, UEXEKAL AGENT,
Rooms 110, i 12, 114, Phelan Building,
i[ . San Francisco, Cal.1- ON DAY APRIL 12, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
TAi-fwiN Theater —"Richard III."
CoLrMRiA Tkeateb- -Squire Kate."
Worcsco's OrKEA-HorsK-'The Waifs of New
York.
.alcazar Theater.— "Called Back."
Tivoli Opera House.— Lily of Killarney."
Cepheum.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Golden Gate Hall— Free Public Lecture, by
Mr. Wendell .Easton, Wednesday evening, April 14
Lcblinb Baths.— Salt Water Bathing, etc.
bCTKu Baths— Bathing and rerformances.
IHK CHCTHS AND SKATING RlSK— Dally at
i_k.^i.: ktreet, one block east of the Park. •
Race Track. — Races to-day,
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
El Cam po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday. ••••..- «
AICTION SALhS.
F.Y P. Basch— This day. April 12, Furniture,
»t lbO7 tioldenCia:e avenje, at 11 o'clock.
By 1- H. r.riiD.- This day, April IS, Storage
s-aie, at "Jll Larkin street, at 11 o'clock.
By EaSTON & Ku'riime.- Tuesday, April 13,
Real Kstaie. at H;<B Market street, at 19 o'clock.
By M. J. McßsrDK— Thursday, April 15, Horses,
at 607 Jessie street, at 11 o dock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair; continued warm Monday— W. H. Ham
mon, iorecasi official.
Alfred W. Baker, one of the City's pioneers,
died y ( stecday at »t. Luke's Hospital.
The fuaeral of the heroic engineer, W. H.
Haubricii, toot place from Che park yesterday.
Archdeacon Webber addrepsed a good audi
c:ue at the Y. M. C. A. Hall yesterday after
coon.
William Frnser was drowned in the bay off
the foot of Buchanan street at 5 o'clock last
evening.
The swimming and picnic season is fully
opened, and the baths and park were crowded
yesterday.
The cricket season opened yesterday with
• n inter-ground match at Alameda. The home
team was victorious.
Dr. Allan Griffiths lectured last evening on
••~uii-:de" before the San Francisco branch of
the Theosophical Society.
F. P. Schuster has won the bullseye medal
presented by Captain L. Siebe to the >'ord
deuischer Schuetzen Club.
Two men, while at work on the seawall at
< oat Isianci, were severely injured yetterdey
auernoon by the collapse 'of a derrick.
Palms were b'.essed by many priests in the
Catholic churches ot the City yesterday. The ■
ceremonies were simple and impressive.
Several excellent records were made by the
members ot the < olumbia Pis:ol and Rifle j
<. lub at the Shell Mound rifle range yesterday, j
The case of J. J. C< oney, charged with per- ;
jury, has been continued to the 13:h inst. by
Judge Wallace at the request of the defend
an:.
The aped couple arrested for leaving a child
at -~ .' ::ster r> treat were discnarged yes
yesterday as there was evidently no criminal
intent.
Dr. George E. Goodfellow, Territorial Health
Officer of Arizona, says that, Salt River Valley j
n becoming a famea winter resort for Eastern ;
people.
Meass, a deruty assessor living at 1007 I
uoiden Gate avenue, was Knocked off h;s Di- |
cycle by a Haight-street car yesterday morn- j
ing and sustained a fracture of the spine.
His Excellency Wu Ting-fang, Chinese Min
ister Plenipotentiary to me United States, ar
rived here yesterday with h:s suiie ot 6ixty
people on the steamer Gaelic en route to
Washington.
The match for the handball championship
between John Riordan and T. K. Bonnet has
been postponed lor two weeks, but several iu
ag games were played in the San Fran
c !ico court yesterday.
The new Chinese Minister was given an
enthusiastic reception at the Mail dock yester
day. Sixiy-five carriages and over 5000
Chinese were down to the Gaelic when the
docked to meet him.
The bark Rufus E. Wood made the round
trip iromNaaaimo, B. C, in thirty days. She
: nine days after the Samaria, and as
;hat yes =ci has not been heard from grave
:ears are entertained for ncr taiety.
Mrs. C. A. Campbell pulled a roll of green
barks out of her pocket with her handkerchief
at the ferries yesterday. It contained $500 and
several people used it as a foothill beiore two
men who sell newspapers picked it up and
went shares in the find. Later the money was
turned over to the Harbor Police.
The outlook for a special 100-mile relay race
between the Olympic and Bay city Wheelmeu
seems to be quite bright. Ever since the re
cent annual race there have been bickerings
between the rival clubs over the result, and
bow both have practically agreed that the
only way to settle the dispute is to have an
o:her contest.
FIEST DAY OP OSICKET.
The Aiameda and Golden Gate Elevens
Opened the Season.
The opening cricket match of the season
was played at Aiameda yesterday, the
event being "Ground vs. Ground." The
perfect weather attracted quite a crowd of
spectators, and the field presented an nn
nsually festive appearance. The cricket
was inevitably rather slack owing to most
of the men being entirely out of practice,
but there were some very creditable per
formances with both cat and ball.
The first Bide to bat was that from
Golden Gate. W. J. Robertson and Price,
who opened the innings, did most of the
scoring, none of their successors reaching
double fieures, and the entire total
reached was but 53.
The Aiameda men did not do much bet
ter than their opponents, man for man,
and they clearly owed their victory to the
fxcelient batting of F. Sewell, the new
Pacific captain. Hood aad Hoyne both
showed something of their wonted skill.
W. Robertson bowled during the whole of
their innings and showea that his recent
accident has not impaired his skill as a
trundler.
Regarded generally, the r>lay on both
*ides gave promise of all-round improve
ment on that of last season.
The score* :
Golden Gate Ground — W. J. Robertson 20
A. Price 12, Dr. We6t 3, W. Reeves 7, J. Mc-
Clean 4, V. Sollum 5, EL H. Cookson 0, .1
Franklin 0. A. W. Lugg 0, W. Bloomrield 0, \V.
Robertson 0, extras 2. Total 53.
Aiameda viround— A- Dickinson 4. G. 11.
T"man 2, R. B. Hogue 7, G. Wiseman O. E.
Hood 12, G. B. Wis- 8, F. Sewell 28, J. H. Har
born 7, J. J. Tneobald 1, H. C. Casidy 2, J. J. R.
Peel 4. extras 10. Total 80.
Xl Campo Opened.
El Campo was taxed to its fullest capac
ity yesterday and the Ukiah was kept
busy all day carrying passengers. All of
fiOOO people visited the favorite outing
place and all had a most enjoyable holi
day. It was just cool enough under the
trees to be pleasant and the majority of
the people formed themselves into parties
and lunched in the shade.
KTEvr io-dat:
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
oily, raothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticuba Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
Bo*i" U *old thitrachont the world. Pottib D«ce
• 4!^C?.«- Cokh., Sol* I'ropt.. Boston. V. 8. A
03T Huw to Prevent Face Uumort," mailed fret. , .
EVERY HUMfIR FromPimpJeito^rofnUettt^
PALM SUNDAY SERMONS
IJ^ESTERDAY was Palm Sunday, the
vjfaSJ anniversary of the day on which
j jM*/^ tbe meet and lowly "Peasant of
Palestine" entered Jerusalem, and the oc
casion was celebrated with appropriate
and impressive ceremonies by the churches
generally throughout the City.
At St. Mary's Cathedral Key. Father
Byrne officiated at the regular Palm Sun
day mass, during the progress of which
the Very Rev. Father Prendergast, V. G.,
read the history of the passion of Christ,
as given in the gospel of St. Mathew.
After the reading he read the regulations
of Holy Week.
Vases tilled with palms find evergreens
bad been placed before the altar and
shortly preceding the mass were blessed
by Archbishop Kiordan.
The regulations for Holy 'Week, as an
nounced by Father Prendergast, are as
follows:
On Holy Thursday there will be celebrated a
solemn pontifical mass at 10 a.m., at which
oils used in the administration of the sacra
ment will be consecrated and sent to all the
churches. Then will follow a solemn proces
sion within the church. In the evening Rev.
Philip O'ltyan, general director of the League
of the Cross, will deliver the sermon.
On Good Friday solemn rites in commemor
ation of the death of Chris; will be celebrated,
beginning at 9 a. m. In the evening will occur
the usual exercises of the way ot the Cross.
Following Father Byrne will deliver a sermon
on the "Passion of the Death of Christ."
On H.^ly Saturday the solemn rites will be
gin at 7 a.m. They will consist of tha
ings oi the new fire and of the paschal
candle, symbolical of the beginning oi
the new life and faith and the re
demption which comes through the Savior.
After this will come the comsecration of the
bapiismai font and the celebration of the mass
of the resurrection.
For Kaster Sunday special services, to be an
nounced later, will be cenducted.
In the evening Father Ramm of Berke
ley preached an eloquent sermon appro
priate to the day.
Labor's Feet Are Set
Upon the Golden Highway.
A SERMON by Pastor 1L P. Boynton
at the First Baptist Church Sunday
evening at a service in the interest
of the unemployed and the Balboa boule
vard fund. Chairman William M. Bunker
RIFLE AND PISTOL
RECORDS BROKEN
A Lively Day Before the
Targets at Shell
Mound.
Several Excellent Scores Made
by the Columbia's
Members.
F. P. Schuster Wins the Siebe Bullseye
Medal— Norddeutscher Cash
Priz. -Winners-
There were lots of shoo*ing on the Shell
Mound Rifle Range yesterday. With
wind light and atmosphere good a num
ber of excellent musket, fine rifle, pistol
and revolver scores were made. The Co
lumbia Pistol and Rifle Club held its recu
iar monthly shoot for class medals, be
sides the contests in the re-entry matches
for cash prizes open to all comers. On the
rifle record medal contest F. E. Mason ran
up an excellent score (Columbia target) of
5, 5, 3, 4, 5. 4, 3, 0, 5, 8—49. E. Jacobsen in
his class-medal score of ten shots also
made 49, the best score ever shot in a class
contest on the new Columbia target. Ei
Hovey, with his musket, scored a 47 and
two 46 scores (Creedraoor count). J. E.
Gorman broke the six-shot revolver coast
record on the Carr revolver re-entry
match, making 6, 4, 3. 3, 3, 7— 2«. He also
raade a remarkable seiics of scores on the
B anding three-shot match, eight scores,
being 9, 9. 8, 10, 11, 5, 6, 10. He was the
best man in the champion ciass, with 49,
all the other champions withdrawing
without finishing their scores. The scores
on the two ranges were as follows:
Rifle— Re-entry matches, open to al! comers,
200 yards, Columbia target, F. H. Bushnell
rifle medal and ca>h prizes, three-shot scores :
A. H. Pape U. 11, 11: 1". O. Young 13, O. A.
Bruncr 21, 6. fccnultz 26.
William Ulindeman military medal and cash
prisM, ten *hot«, Creed n:oar count— E Hovey
47, F. O. Youne 46, E Jaconsen A3.
h. <>. Young rifle record medal id cash
prizes, ten shot scores — F. E, Maton 49, E.
Jacobsen 69, G. H. Dow 156.
Clam medals, for members only, one 10-shot
score with rifle, champion c.as 1 - -F. E. Mason
0(3, F. O. Young 61, A. ii. hope t»2.
1 irst-class— E. Jacobsen 49, H. Iftllberg 67,
C. II Daiss77, CaptHin Klein 86, A. B. Darrell
89, O. A. Brunei- 105, G. Schuliz 107.
Second-class— J. E. Gorman 74, G. Barley 91,
«M. J. White 114.
Third-cla«s-G. Manncl 116, C. F. Walthnm
146. Mrs. White 158, Mrs. Waitham 100, Mrs.
L. J. Crave 163.
Pistol-; R<.--eii try matches, open to all-com
ers, 50 yards, Columbia target; Gordoa Bland
ing pistol medal and cash pnzes; three-shot
scores: .1. K. Gormun, 5, 6, 8, 9, 9; A. B. Dor
rell 17, X O. Young 19.
Diamond pistol record medal] and cash
prizes, leu-shot scores— M. J. White 56, J. E.
Gorman 39, 42. F. O. Young 49.
Howard Carr, any revolver medal and cab.
prizes, bix-sliot scores— J. E. Gorman 26, 36,
38, 38. C. Roberts 30, 33, 40. F. O. Young 38.
Achille Roos 22-raliber rifle medal, ladies'
trophies and C»»n prlus, Bve»«not ICOWI Mi«
E.Wilson 14 16,16. E. Jucobson 12, 12, 13.
J. H. Dow b, 12. Mrs. L. J. Crano 11, 14, 16,
17. Mrs. O. M. Peck 12, 18. A. B. Dorre.l 13,
14. Mrs. U. F. Waltaam l*i, 1/7.
Class medals, for members only, one ten-shot
score witt/ pistol. Champion class— J. E. Gor
man 49. Ed Hovey withdrawn, C. M. Daiss
withdrawn, A. 11. p« po withdrawn, W. O.
Young withdrawn, A. B. Dorrell withdrawn
First class— Captain J E. Kleiu 60. F. E.
Mason 61. M. J. White 68.
Second class— G. M. Barle 83.
Third class— C. Roberts bu. C. F. Waltham
98, Mrs. M.J. White 99. W. Unlred 100. R.
\V. Forrest 131, Mrs. L. J. Crane 163. Mrs C.
F. Waltuam 205.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Ciub was
well represented a^ i^ 8 regular builseye
sboot. The mo- 1 important event in th:a
contest was the final winning of the beau
tiful medal presented by Captain L. Siebe,
proprietor of the rar.;*e. He offered the
medal to the marksman making ihe three
beat bull^eye centers in the pft»t twelve
shoots. F. P. Bcbu*ter was the lucky
man, his best centers as »hown by Mie
measuring machine bein£l42 178 and 394;
total 714 points. William Garms oa De
half of the donor made the presentation
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
was with the pastor on the platform and j
made an address concerning the work of !
the committee of which he is chairman. !
Mr. Boynton spoke in part as follows:
Much depends upon a right conception of
labor. Labor is not a curse. It is not a result i
of Adam's disobedience as much as It Is the
cure lor all the ills following the fall of our '
first parents.
Labor's strong arm delivers from many ills.
Temptation is overcome, sleeplessness Is
routed, heavy hour; take wings and fly away,
all our food is sweetened, days become a de
light, nights a blessing and life one long
dream realized. One has sung: •
Labor is rest from tha sorrows that greet us,
From an the petty vexations that meet us,
>rom the sin promptings that assail us,
From the world sirens that lure us to ill.
When the gate of the first paradise closed
God in his great mercy opened another— that
was the gate to useful labor.
Times of deepest degradation for the race !
nave been those when labor was dishonored I
ana the laborer despised. The race has only
grown in wisdom and stature when labor's
strong arm has been allowed to lift itself in
greatest honor and freedom. Labor'd feet are
not in the way that goeth down to the pit but
on the golden highway that leadcth up to the
city ere the divina carpenter sits upon the
throne. Though the feet may -weary and the
heart and head grow sick in tne struggle, it is
that the toiler may hear the divine laborer
say, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are
heavily laden and I will give you rest."
Were it not for the tired body the soul might
never answer the loving call of the Christ
Labor, thou art royal; born in paradise, thou
hast grown under the guiding hand of thlue
author until that which was the burden of the
slave has become tne wings upon which man
has soared from serfdom to sonship with the
creator.
The Balboa boulevard is a temporary meas
ure as a relief of the sufferer, and not the
place wnere labor snail find a living the year
around. We hall with heartiest co-operation j
this enterprise as a measure for the relief of
the mother and children, but we would wel
come more warmly an adjustment or existing
conditions that would give labor its rightful
wage and place in the body politic. Founda
tion i tones of the Republic are labor; recog
nize this and build the State upon it, and there
shall never be a tremor; reverse this order,
and the stones of labor will crumble the State
to powder. Freedom does not come from the
State to labor, but from labor to the State. 1
love American labor, and in the words of
Daniel Webster, I exclaim: "All my sympa
thies are with it, ana my voice, till I an
dumb, will be for it."
Many Ways Lead
To Repentance.
AT St. Mary's Church Rev. Father
Arthur H. Clark preached last night
the iirst of a series ot sermons that
will be delivered during the week. He
took no special scriptural text, but spoke
speech. The cash prize winners in yes
terday's contest, :n their order and their
scores a>> shown by the machine, were as
follow:- :
l. ii. Lemke. 40.> points; 2, H. stcllinp, 688;
3, J. D. HeiM, 694: i, F. V. Schuster, 726^;
5,6. Bcbuil B62;o. H. H. Borfelnd, 895; 7, A.
liaßcdorn, 9tK>: S, W. C. Murken, 1022; 9, Cap
tnin Biebe, 1044; I<>, 11. Huber, K>6t>; 11, 1.
i.ankecau. 1075; 12, L. Bitnu, 1115; 13,0.
Alpers, 1067; 14, J. Ihode, 128 H.
The regular monthly medal contest of
the lied Men's Schueizen .Section resulted
in the followini: class ■winners, twenty
shots, German ring target:
Champion class, Henry Bach, .fKO rings;
first Class. ('. Oldag, Z'-Z: second cast. J. A.
Mohr, 3.V7; third class, U. Dressier, 318; fourth
cla . I- Kichards, 258; best iirst shot, C.
Oldag, 24; last best shot, Henry Bach.
Annexed are the cl;:ss medal-winners
and scores of the San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein. twenty suois, German ring target:
Champion ciass, D. B. Faktor, 435 rinjrs;
firsi-cUb*, George Aipers, 41H; secxid dsss
J. Gefken, 400; third cla*». JL stuUing, 398;
fonrtn eUtt, J. D. Heise, 389; best tirsi shoi,
F. I. Schuster, 24; best lasl shot, George
Alpers, 25.
A large number of military marksmen
held tijeir monthly medal contests, with
these results, 10-ahot scores, Blunt mili
tary target :
Companies C and G (Nationals)— P. J. Sew.
man 3B. H. Owen 39, W. Menz-i '42. Warren
38, Kuudson 31, T. McGllvery 38, Hermann
30, Atkinson 29, V. Sherman 36. C. W. Mu.ler
27, D. A. Conroy 24, A. Martin 22, C. Meyer 44,
A. £ Hatfield 40, W. R. Butler 31; D. Elsworth
30, C. J. McDonald 17, M. Lane 39. F. J.
Povey 43, A. E. Anderson 44. P. A. Larson 34,
R. E. Howe 13, li. Kelly34, V. F. Nortnrop39,
J. 8. McCabe 28, C. 1". Hirsi 36. J. P. Norton 42,
W. H. Shaw 26, G. W. Simme 36. H. H. Morris
31, C. E. Good ell 42, H. Hicft 43, L. W. Graut
22, J. Giills 33, U. L. Finn 44, H. A. Moen
nin^ 29, T. G. Bants 22, A. J. Ruddock 40, C.
F. Wal'ham 4«, C. I* Lodds 33, 0. C. Nelson
30. J. B. Swiizt-r 40, J. Irvine 34.
Company X— Lieutenant Nippert 37,McNeill
29, Nathan 40, Rhine 14, B. Hawks 36, Cook
40, Brown 40, Doscher 20, Fitzgerald 31,
Payne 9. Amen 20, Gorman 1«, Field 30. Paul
10. Pratt 28, Kelly 24, H<-\ve:cke 10, Dever
32, Sheridan 36, Osptain Miller 34, Iverson 40.
A. 11. Kennedy 23, W. F. Unlred 41, F. L
McNally 39, E. C. Arnold 35, F. F. Carson 37.
J. L. Tyson 38, R. J. Dowdall 33, R. C. Dunbar
20,: K. A. Hoi<otnb 33, W. Gillies 36, SI. A.
Froment 31, J. P. HtMlbronn 38. T. McGilverv
28, C. E. Tiiompson 43, J. H. McKnight4s, O.
C. Nellsou 31.
Company K— W. N. Goodwin 30, Lieutenant
E. D. *in ley 37, E. P. Jacobsen 42, W. L.
Warneicros 4<>, corporal B. D, Mont rose 31,
R. D. Young 21, E. f-anl 37, Lieutenant C W .
37, !.. -I. Mayer 33, J. P. C&ssidv 42, tap
tain 'I. J. Cunningham 40. McDonald 20. P. S.
Campaoa ;:7. M. Holiine 33, C. J. Mund39.
Indenenil-ni Rifle.-— c. Predericluon 21, H.
Fredenekaon 11, C. Staude 33, J. Kuhlke 26,
J. H. Wilken- 32, J. I'a;>arie2l, P. Schonig23,
J. Doiiii'. en 1. i"orpo.al W. lieiiken 20, H.
BtandeSS, H. Dumps 36, H. Hntmann 14,,' Dr!
F. T. Bond 18, Lieutt-naut J. Staudc 39, Ser-
Kcant J. H. Schneider 29, Serjeant H. Schlicht
innnn 37. Lieutenant E. Moenuing 31, F.
Glunder 25.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
No Good Scores Made on the San
Rafael Range.
The extreme heat, the Rlarinj; iicht on
the targets and a Jack of enthusiasm had
their effect upon the scores made at
Schuetzen Park by the marksmen yester
day.
The Pioneers held their annual picnic,
j but the attendance was slight, and what
! little interest there was was centered in
the shooting ran^e.
ComDany D, Fifth Rosim*nt Infantry,
Second Brigade, of San Rafael, held its
! regular monthly shoot, with the following
result :
J. F. Robinson 44, A. N. Boyen 43, M. Van
; derbilt 43, J. Daw»<>n 42, J. P. Mmhcrn 42 F
.1. llolbern 42, J. W, s< hloaaer 42, D. MeCum'
} isii 42, H. I'leile 41, J. X U reaver 39, F. J. Jh-
I cobs 39, F. .). Murray 39, F. Treanum 36, E.
! <s«rduer 30. P. Le Carnac 39. L. H. Smith 39
\\ Elliott 38. H. Ivorson 38, J. H. Smith 38, 8.
Eden 33. T. Bt Archer 37, V. Cneda 37, C. H
j Kietcht;r37, M. Magnirc 88. H. C. Smith 34 J.
1 Bristinc 3^> T. J. Fallon 88, J.« Mast rup 32, W.
i H. Gordon 32 J. Barrow 31, p. 11. Robinson 31,
I . 11. Diecliniaii 30, J. R Hart 30, K. F. Murch
! 29. G. Donahue 29, E. W. Smith 27, C Maher
I 28. H. P.etie 20, f. Hoff.-r 26. R. E. Walsh 22,
! C. L. Coulter 28, A. Barrow 19, C. L. Curry 17
E. Hanna 16, M. de blaef 7.
Company A, First Infantry— Serjreant F. J.
I l^eonard 43, Serpeant M. Justh 39, Private
! Jaioes Cook 38, J. Donign:! 34, Charles L
! ODonneli 33, V. Murphy 32, John P. Woods
j 31, L. R Betamidt 28. J. A. Brown 27, J. F.
i Connolly 25, Private Barbicri 24, \V. F. Lieb
22, Edw*rd Costello 19, G. Fuerst 19, Private
Hugeiu 15, J. Altkea 17. H. Schultz 15, E.
Werner 11, Frank McCarty 10, Frank I> VVyatt
8. Private Rilehif 5, Private Peterson 3.
Company R, First In/antry, N. G. 0. Cor
rore.l Lhrenpfort, 46; Corp ,ral Broderlcfe
! 4U; Sergeant O'Brien. 42; Sergeant Hoi z, 40
--| I'.-ivate Furnanz, 38; Private Mitcnell, 36;
I Lieu.euunt iJavis, 33; Private Jaekaoa, 3J(:
i (. i.iporal Cnllen, 31; P. Andrews, 30; Cor
| por. i Schne dur, 29; Privaii; Jagj,'i. 29; Pri-
I rate Ducon, 27; Sertjeant Roacb, 23; Private
Rohclj, 25; Corporal Hirsiuger, 21 ; Musician
Swi.'t. 11).
Company 3, First Infaniry, N. o. C— Private
J. Rtlph,44;S-Tgeint l)clanry,4l; Lieutenant
RoblDSon.39; Private Ross, 39; Private Rocks
i ;i2; Private Pedler. 31; Private Murphy, 30;
I Curporal Xoom'.-y, 35; Jfrivaie i)e»moud, iy.
generally on repentance, sin and tbe
teachings of the church.
"There are several ways for people to
become better," said the speaker, "several
wava for them to learn of the existence
of God and the way of light. First, there
is the voice of God in the human soul, and
this we call reason; then God presents
himself to the sonl by his messenger?, or
priests, in sertnuns — and there are object
ie.-sons like the imposing ceremonials of
the church."
, The speaker hold tbat there are, in a
way, saints and sinners in the church —
some good, some bad — the pood are not
good absolutely, but "relatively so."
A striking part of the sermon was the
conclusion, wherein the speaker treated
of the duty of iorgetfulness regarding past
sins.
"Life Is too busy, too fnll of cares for us
to lose time looking back over evils that
are passed and atoned for.
"We must not cry over error 3 that have
been remedied, for in these cases the war
is over. Duty says, 'Look ahead!" The
future is the field, never again the past."
There will be services at St. Marv'o by
the PauMst Fathers this week every even
ing at 7:45. The morning services will be
as follows: Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
6:30. 7 and 8; Thursdays and Fridays, 9
a. m. ; Saturday, at 8 a. m.
The Triumphal Entry of
Christ Into Jerusalem.
YESTERDAY at St. John's Episcopal
Church Rev. Dr. Spalding preached on
Christ's entry into Jerusalem, and told
how on Pii'.m Sunday so many years ago a
great multitude followed Jesus singing hosan
nas and praise. His disciples and friends
must have thought that he v as now going to
enter into his kingdom. They did not know
that his was to De a heavenly and not an
earthly one, that his crown was to be one of
thorns. The speaker went on to tell of the
Master's life during the following week, of
how he wept over Jerusalem as he looked
down through the ages to its destruction, of
his cleansing the temple, of St. Peter's denial,
of his sufferings and his trial, and finally of
his death upon tne cross for the sins ot the
world. He exhorted each one to think of the
love which was manifested by the Savior's
life, to take him as a personal Savior and real- i
ize that he died for e&ch one of us.
The Cross as a Symbol
of the Regenerated Soul.
REV. J. S. DAVID of the Swedenborg
Mission Society explained thesymbology
of the cross and the crucifixion at
Washington Hall yesterday, illustrating his
sermon by several pictures of crosses in
various forms used by fraternities \>i high
antiquity. In exoteric Christianity, he said,
the cross stands for self-denial and the devel
opment of the spiritual through suffering.
The spirit crosses the tendencies of the flesh,
and thus the flesh or carnal nature is crossed
or crucified. The Roaierucian symbol of the
croos and the rose represented the suppression
of the carnal desires and thence the uufold
inK and iragrance of the spiritual life. The
ancient Egyptian Crux Ansaia, shaped like a
T surmounted by a circle, was the symbol of
in. mortality, life without beplnning or end.
In the deeper Christianity, as unfolded by
Swedenborg, the cross signifies the marriage
of the good and the true in the regenerated
eoul, the result of the crucifixion of the carnal
CRUSHED UNDER
A CABLE-CAR
Serious Accident to A. G.
Maass, a Deputy
Assessor.
Knocked Off His Bicycle by a
Haight-iStreet Car Without
Warning.
He Sustained a Fracture of the Spine
and Contusions on the Head
and Shoulder.
A. G. Maass. a deputy in the Assessor's
office, living at 1007 Golden Gate avenue,
met with an accident yesterday morning
tnat will in all probability make him an
invalid for the remainder of his life.
He is an ardent bicyclist, and was riding
on the cartrack along Market street to the
ferry to catch the 10 o'clock boat for Oak
land.
After passing Steuart street there was a
Castro-street car in front of him, and as
he had ten minutes to spare before the
boat left he rode leisurely behind the car.
Unknown to him Huicht-street car No.
146 was following close behind him. The
cars before approaching East street slacken
their speed, as a rule, and Maass -had no
thought of the danger lurking behind him.
Just before reacmng East, street the
Ilaieht-street car, without any warning,
■track Maass' bicycle and knocked him
off. He fell on his face in the center of ;
tne track, and before the grijiman, vrbo at !
once applied tne brakes, could stop it, the ;
front of the car bad passed over Maass and '
the fender rested upon his back.
There was a rush made for the car by
people who were walking on the side
walks, and the passengers, gripman and
conductor jumped off and pushed the car
back off the prostrate form of Maass. He !
was dragged out in an unconscious condi- j
tion and tenderly carried to a atore '■
close at hand. The ambulance was sum
moned and he was taken to the Receiving :
Hospita l , where he soon recovered con- :
sci lusness.
Dr. Woil found that Maass' lower limbs I
were paralyzed, caused by a fracture of I
the suine, and bis right shoulder and head
were contused. Last evening he was re
moved to the German Hospital, where an i
operation will likely be performed, as a \
last resort, to save him from permanently j
losing the use of his lower limbs,
Maass is a comparatively young man and
lived with his parents. Speaking of the
accident he said: "There was a Castro- i
street car in front of me as I pasied !
Steuart street and all my attention was j
occupied in watching it, as it might stop j
at any second and I did not want to run •
into it. I preferred to follow leisurely I
behind it as I had ten minutes al my dis
posal.
"I was not aware that a Haight-street !
car was following close behind me and I
suppose it kept crawling up to me. I did
not hear any bell ringing behind me,
when suddenly I was Knocked off my bi
cycle and then ail was a blank until I I
found myself in the hospital.
"A young man who took care of my
bicycle called at the hospital ana told me
the car that struck me was No. 146 of the
Haight-street line and that be noticed
the gripman talking to a passenger on
the dummy just before I was struck. If
the gripman had bnen looking ahead, as
he ought to have been, he would have
rung his bell an<J I would have got off the
track."
DROWNED AT NORTH BEACH.
William Frft»er Goel in Swimming and
Sinks to the Bottom.
William Fraser, 21 years of ape, who re
sided with his parents at 2931 Laguna
street, was drowned in the bay off the foot
of Buchanan street at 5 o'clock last even
ing.
The young man, accompanied by sev
eral friends, went to North Beach in the
afternoon for the purpose of taking a
desires. The>long beam symbolizes goodness,
the crossbeam truth, and the two are united
in a cross when truth leads to goodness of Hie
and enters into marri«s6 therewith. The
cube has a similar for the cube
unfolded mates the cross. The true length
and breadtii of the ordinary ancient cross was
in the relation of four to three, these num
bers, when taken together, representing the
good and the true. Adding four and three to
gether gives ms the sacred number, which
symbolizes the celestial Sabbath of the soul.
This is attained alter passing through six days
or states of labor iv which tlio soul has borne
the cross all the way. The crucifixion of the
Lord denotes the temDtations that he suffered
a:i'l overcame, resulting in the union oi his
human nature with his divine nature.
Feeding the Five
Thousand Hungry.
H. J. Callis of A. M. E. Zion Cnurch
selected as the text for hid sermon last
evening the fourteenth verse sixteenth
chamer of Mathew. "But Jesus said unto
them, tbey need not depart, give ye them
to eat."
In part. Rev. Calli3 said:
"The food which the mass of the church
goers offer to the world is no better than
that which the world has, so the worid
will not receive it. The fish and bread,
after passing through the hands of our
Lord and then from the di?cir>les to the
people, was changed. Before they had
handled it it was nothing but common
tisli and bread, bin after passing througn
their hands it became divine. So our
Lord wants us, as did his disciples, to
obey Mm and we will be able to feed the
w^rld.
"If as disc pies of our Lord we wish to
win the worla we must hold out to the
world something that is better than the
world has."
Star Fell as the
Trumpet Sounded.
Dr. Hempbill delivered a sermon in
Calvary Presbyterian Church last evening
on the topic, "'Apocalyptic Visions in the
Light of Present European Complica
tions." lie said:
"The seer of Patmos heard seven trump
ets sounding. Four have reference to tne
Roman Empire and three to things more
modern. Tne lust three are called the
| woe trumpets. With the sounding of the
j first woe trumpet a star fell. Mohammed
i was that— a falling star — the principality
! of Mecca, his by birtb, belonging to an
{ other. A key was given to him and he
i opened the bottomless pit, and cut of it
came smoke and locusts and lions, and
horses and scorpions. Arabia ia the origi
nal borne of the locust, the horse, the
jion and tue scorpion. The symbolism is
I all Arabian. And from Arabia the fol
lowers of Mohammed came, countless as
! locusts, mounted on horses, fierce as
i hons, with a scorpion, like venom for all
j Christians, with faces like men and long
i bair like women.
"Power was given to torment men 'five
montus' — that is, 150 years of actnal time.
Mohammed proclaimed his mission in 612.
In 7t>2 the Caliphate was removed to
Bagdad— exactly 150 years, during which
swim. They entered the water, but haa
on iy been there a few moments when
Fraser was taken with a cramp. He
shouted for help, but in an instant sank to
the bottom. The friends of the drowning
man made frantic effors to assist him, but
without avail. A grappling-iron was se
curea and at 5:30 o'clock Edward Maloney
succeeded in recovering the body, which
was taken ashore. The Coroner's office
was then notilied and the body was re
moved to the Morgue.
AROUtfD THE BASES.
The Athletic Club Wins From the
Alerts in a Hard Straggle.
The San Francisco Athletic Club won
from the Alameda Alerts yesterday in a
game in which home runs and two-base
hits were as plentiful as flies in summer.
Both pitchers were batted freely, Fleming
getting a shade the worst of it. In the
fourth inning Charley Dreus covered him
self all over with glory by a home-run hit.
The game was one of the best the public
has seen for a long time.
The score was as follows:
S. F. ATHLETICS. A.B. It. B.H. SB. P.O. A. K.
Sheehan, I. f 'I 2 1 ii •-' (< 1
Spellman, 3 b 5 0 0 0 3 2 3
I'fleifter, c f 6 12 0 10 1
Johnson, s. s. 5 0 10 110
Van NordeD, 2b... 4 0 0 0 5 3 1
Ford, 1 b 3 l! 0 17 10
Kelsso.r. 3 10 0 10 0
Dreus,c 4 2 2 17 11
Fleming, p SO 00 0 2-0
Total 34 8 6 2 27 10 7
AHMKI'A ALKRTB. A.B. R. BH. 8.8. P.O. A. F.
Bird, c. f 4 8 3 it 0 O U
Brockoff. 3 b. 5 0 11 1-2 1
iV.usUniuu s. > 4 12 0 2 7 2
Krue, p 5 0 0 0 10 0
W. Hammond, c.. 5 O 2 0 10 0 0
McKw, r. f 3 0 10 0 0 0
troll. 1. L 3 1111 Iyl I
Jacobson, 1 b .. 4 0 0 0 9 2 0
Uoldsworthy, 2 b... 3 2 10 3 2 0
Total 36 7 10 2 27 14 "1
S. F. Athletics.. 1 0 0 403000—
UasebUs 1 0 0 2 0 '£ 10 0 —6
AlAnedn Alerts 13 0 10 0 0 0 2—7
Base hits 1 2 112 0 10 2-10
STMMARY.
Earned runs— Alerts 4. tf. F. Athletics 5. Home
runs— Bird, Croll, Dreus, Gold* worthy, Sheehan
Two-base bits— MusKsuion, HcKee. sacrifice hits
— Van Norden. tirbt bass on errors— Alerts 'J,
H, K. Athletics it, First base on called balls— Aleris
8, S. t. Athletics 6. l.fit on bus s-Alerts 10, S.
X Athletics 'J. Siniclc om— K rust 9, F i^inlDjr 6.
Hit by pi:cher— Mii»Klnion, Hammond. Croll.
Uonble plays— Johnson, Van Norfien to Ford.
Passed bulls— Hammond 3, Dre;is 1. Time of
game— a hours. Umpire— James McDonald.
Commercial League,
The Kohlbere, Strauss & Frobmans de
feated the White House in a close game
by a score of 2- to 18.
The teams lined up against each other
as follows:
Kohlberg, Strauss «fc Frohmang — Collins,
centtT field; Sbeble, shortstop and pitcher;
Lewis, rig;U field: Roberts, tliird base; Brock-
Uoff. ji.tcner and shortstop; Urown, first base;
Haake, second base; Chandler, left field; Mc-
Laughl'.n, catcher.
White House— Rah wyler, right field; Mr-
Quade, left field; McGinn, p-.tcher; Eiszler,
lirstbase; .1. Doanelly, second base.; Sweonev,
third base; French, center field; Murphy,
catcher; E. Donnelly, shortstop.
California League.
A well-contested came was played at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets between the
Jourtial of Commerce and the Excelsior*.
The victory was won by the Excelsiors by
a score of 7to 8. The teams lined up as
follows:
Journal of Commerce— Downing, shortstop;
Norton, left field; Crawford, third base; Whe
lan, pitcher; Kyan, catclier: Ferguson, first
base; Cavanaugli, center tieM; Boradorl, sec
ond base; Johnson, right field.
Kxceisior— Pvne, pitcher: Giilespie, left field ;
Hopkins, second base; tliucwood, shortstop;
McCarthy, third base: Duff, catcher; Mc-
Shsne, first base; M&dibon, center field; Fitz
pair:ck, right field.
The Miller. Sloss <£ Scotts defeated the
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetsons by a score of
9to 7. The teams piayed as follows: /
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetsons— Downing-, tnird
bake; Waricholz, lei t field; Whelau, pitcher;
Martin, first bise; Reilly, second base; Beedy,
center field ; Moldrup, ngiit field; Ferguson,
catcher; McShane, shortstop.
Miller, Sloss <fc Scottr— Murry, third base-
Meniel, first base; Mitchell, l«ft field; Beaton,
pitcher; Hammer, second base; A. Brochon"
shortstop; W. Scott, right field; W. Brochoff',
catcher; Rice, center field.
Sumlli-y Concert.
An excellent programme will be given this
evening at the Association Auditorium, Mason
and Eilis streets, br the Smalley Concert Corn
pan? of Chicago. The entertainment Is ctven
lor the benetit of the Younar Men's Improve
ment Fund ia connection with the Associa
tion. The company sustains an enviable rep
utation In Eastern cities. This will te their
first appearance in this City, ana they will
positively give Dut one concert here.
Inhaling air by lone breaiis in a cold
room is the best mode of keeping the body
warm.
TO CCBIS A COLD IX ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drag-
Elsts refund the money U it fulls to euro, 2&c
! the Saracens made the Christians feel the
I venom of tLeir stings. The Saracens are
not the descendants of Sara, as their name
implies, but of Hagar. the bondwoman,
and ought to be called Hagarenes.
"Does John say anything about the
present condition of the Turks? He does.
'The sixtn angel poured out his via! upon
tne «reat river Euphrates, and the water
thereof was dried up.' That is what is
happening to Turkish power. It is dry
ing up. Tte great powers are nursing
'the sick mat).' not because they love him,
but because they hate each other. They
cannot keep him alive, and the sooner he
dies the better. Lamariine wiote:
•Turkey is dying for want of Turks.' It
is true. Decay is at work there, and no
power can stay it la their mode of life
the Turks disclose the prophecy of their
own extinction. The Euphrates' flood is
drying up.
"I fear tnere will be war over the Turk
ish question. War is evil, but not always.
Sometimes it is the surgeon's knife. A
Turkish cancer is eating into the heart of
European civilization, and maybe war is
the only way to cut it out. This, I believe,
is the divine intention concerning Turkey.
It has cursed civilization and Christianity
long enough — too long."
Light of Asia
or Life of Christ.
Dr. F. J. Masters, who has spent ten
years in China, Jast evening delivered a
sermon upon "The Light of Asia or the
Lifcht of the World." He gave Buddimm
credit for teaching many beautiful truths.
He admired Sakyamouni's doctrine of
universal brotherhood, the catholicity of
spirit that opposed the abominable caste
system of India and recognized the
brother in every garb and in every com
munion. Some of the Buddhist sutras
glowed with an inspiration almost divine.
The sutra of forty-two sections contained
truths as pure as the Sermon on the Mount.
It inculcated inward as well as outward
purity. It taught the forgiveness of in
jury; to return good for evil; when smit
ten be not angry; and it defined goodness
as the agreement of the will with the con
science.
Another Buddhist doctrine was that of
Karma— the luw of consequences. Every
thing was fixed by an eternal aad inex
orable law of necessity. A man was be
lieved to reap in this life exactly what he
had sown in a former stale of Deing and
no power in heaven or earth could reverse
his fate. The next point touched upon
was Sakyamouni's view of life. Until
Nirvana was reached there was no rest.
I: may take long, long kalpas of time to
wean a man from earth. Suicide only
prolongs the agony. The suicide would
come back into life in a lower and more
bestial shape. No rest comes uutil the
Karma is all used up and the ascending
series of transformations are completed
and the clarified soul slips into Nirvana.
What a contrast is that sweet vision of
eternal life in Christ, and that sinless,
sorrowless immortality brought to life.
After reviewing these Oriental religions
Dr. Masters compared them with the reli
gion of Christ.
stew to-dat:
The Reasons
for adulteration of food are:
1. You ask too much for
your money.
2. Grocers and manufac-
turers want too big profits.
For example: tea. Your
grocer makes twice as much
| on the tea that he weighs out
. on the scales as he does on
Schilling's Best.
And yet some grocers are
glad to sell you Schillings
Best tea, because they know
that selling good things at
: a fair price is good for busi-
ness.
A Schilling & Company ' ,
San Francisco 684
The
Worst
Cases Cured
§TJAVE YOU A BAD
"■ case which other i
physicians have ex- j
perimented upon and
failed to cure? If so,
do not give up in
despair. . Do not con-
demn all physicians
because some ' ordi-
nary practitioner has
disappointed you.
The well-known and
reliable specialist,
Doctor Cook, cures
(DOCTOR COOK.) when others fail.
His thoughts are continuously with stub-
born cases and their remedies. He can
cure you if any power on earth can.
Suffering Women. '&?$&
is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earthly reason why you should
longer endure the miseries 'arising from
Irrecularities, Periodical Headaches, Fall-
ing or Displacement of the Womb, Leucor-
rho-ta, Nervousness, Hysteria ano>like all-
men ts, which rob you of, your strength,
health and beauty, and make you prema-
t urely old. In sacred confidence, tell
. everything to Doctor Cook, who is an ex-
pert on all Female Complaints:
Weak IVlp»h Young, middle-aged and
Can. ITICII, ©Id. who nave violated
the laws of nature: You are now reaping
the result of your former folly. Many of
you have Evil Dreams, Exhausting Drains,
lm potency. Atrophy or the Wasting Away
of the Organs, Lost Manhood; Weak,
. Aching Back; Frequent, Painful Urination
and Sediment in Urine; Pimples, Nervous-
ness, Sleeplessness, Bnsh!ulness, Despond-
ency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition or simi-
lar symptoms. In brief, your body, brain
and sexual organs .have become weak.
Doctor CooTc can restore to you what you
have lost— YOUR PRECIOUS MANHOOD.
: He can fit you for pleasure, study, busi-
ness and marriage, and send you out Into
the world with life anew.
\/f*i'irf\r'f*lf> Hydrocele, Gonorrhoea,
V ctrl > ' c * e ». Gleet, Stricture and Syph-
ilis completely cured by Doctor. Cook in
the shortest possible time.*.* '
R'iHrij-ivr Bladder, .Dr. nary,, Liver, Stom-
-IXIUIIC nch, Heart and Lung Diseases;
■ ■•' Eye, Ear, Nose, 5 Throat and - Brain Dis-
eases: Blood and Skin Diseases, and Piles,
Fistula, Rheumatism, Rupture and Chronic
Catarrh permanently cured by the latest
and best- methods known to medical
science.
Mail Treatment
write if you cannot call. Free Book on
nervous and sexual diseases to all describ-
ing their troubles. Office hours: 9 to 12
a. M., 2to 5 and 7toB p. m. Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR COOKB.BSK2J&.
to-day:
professor j. m. bechtox.
Munyon's Medical Institution, 1505 Arch
street. Philadelpnia, Pa., is the best one of
its kind in the world. It employs a large
staff of skilled specialists to diagnose the
cases not only of people applying person-
ally for treatment, but those in all parts of
the country who send in personal letters,
asking the best methods of being cured of
various diseases. Thousands of these let-
ters are received every week, and a staff of
from ten to fifteen doctors are daily em-
ployed in dictating replies through the
medium of as many stenographers. These
letters are received in the strictest confi-
dence and promptly answered with the
best medical advice obtainable. No effort
will be spared to see that each case is thor-
oughly diagnosed and the proper reme-
dies to effect a cure are prescribed. For
these services no fee is expected. .
Prof. Munyon puts up a separate cure for
each disease. At all druggists, mostly 25
cents a vial.
Address Professor Munyon, 1505 Arch
street, Philadelphia, Pa.
JOE POHEIM,
m THE TAILOR,
JRu i I'll— lrlll_vfl%9
jl I Makes the Best Fitting Clothes la
> the State at 25 per cent less than
isSstSyX a " other house.
«ESswjfea Suits made to order from 513.50
WJRbV H lants 4.00
WK-'ffi^wß Rules for self-measurement and
msk'7'''£r samples sent tree.
far" |l This Is the largest tailoring eg.
if^|%fal tablishment on the Pacific Coast.
\M fl 1 201-20.3 Montgomery Street,
I J IS I 724-844-846 Market Street,
•^wFjHnLl 1110-1112 Market street,
J^^JO*' Sun Francisco, Cal.
KITW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
fRICOLAfSfIUKjOTTtOD « j^uisti ahd rurtAou ■• -
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE ENGAGE-
, MtXT OF
MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN
AND HER ADHIRABLB COHPANY
In the Famous Lyceum Theater Company*!
Greatest Succ»ss.
Robert Buchanan's Beautiful Pastoral Drama,
"SQUIRE KATE!"
With Miss Cay van in Her Original Role.
EVERY EVENING INCLUDING SUNDAY
Matinee Saturday Only.
Prices during this Engagement— sl. 50 t
SI, 73c, 50c, 25c.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Al-itATTMAit tea (Inri^Toratea) tTopr^.j.-i
3d AND LAST VVEEK-ENOAOEMENT OP
OTIS sb:i3xt3Xte:h.
To-night and Saturday Evening,
"RICHARD III."
-. ; . Tuesday Evg. and Sat. Mai..
"I_iA.IDY OFL.YONS"
Wednesday Evening— Double Bill,
"MERCHANT OF VENICE" and
•KATHERINE AND PETRUCHIO"
Thursday......" ROMEO ANi> JDLIET!"
Friday "HAMLET! "
SUNDAY, APRIL 18
PRIMROSE & WEST'S BIG JIINSTREIiS
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBa.JißJ.itsTis.-it Kbm.iv-1. Proprietor & ilanajar
TO-IMIGBET
PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION
Of Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irian Opera,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY.
' (THE COLLEEN BAWN.)
A Superb Cast.
Beautiful Light and Water Effects.
brenery, Costumes and Accessories, all New.
LOVELY BALLADS.
soul- stirriDtr Ensembles and Finales.
An Operatic Realization of Boucirault's Famous
- Play.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
MOROSCO'3
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAUKU MOROSCO. ..sol» Lessee nn ,1 'f:ia*;*.-
ELABORATE SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of the Sensational Comedy Success
"THE WAIFS OF NEW YORK."
Second Week of the Clever Dancing and Singing
Soubrette * !
MOLLIK THOMPSON.
Many Specialty Artists Engaged . for
This Occasion
Great Fire Scene' Real Horses and Engine!
New hongs, Dances. Medleys and Specialties!
Evening: Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday mitt Sunday.
NEW VAUDEVILLE MAGNETS!
FIRST TIME TO-NIGHT .OF
MERRILt-KS SI^TER^. direct from London:
HA KRIS & WALTERS, eccentric duo; KRONE-
MAS.N BR°THKKS, grotesque gymnasts:
EVANS & VI UOCQ, convcr3H:ionall.sts, and
THIS KAEOT PAiSTOillilE COMPANY I In
conjunction with a .
■ QRKAT 810 BILL:
iteserred seats. 'ibc; jbulcuny. luc. opera-cnalri
■Dd box-seats, 50c. . — ..
Latest European Novelty!— The London Bell*
Rinsers in the Annex every evening. ;,: c ..- -*i
ALGAZAR! TO-NIGHT!
BelascoALaKaille.MfH. |- AU-JNiUH.I I
GUAND SCKNIC PRODUCTION
•Of Hnsh Conway'B -i ous Play
"OA.IjXjiE!3C> BACK."
Presented by the Entire Alcazar Company, In-
cluding
" : - GKORCK OSBOURNE,
Prices— ls, 25, 36, 50 cents. Telephone for seats,
-. ■.;•. . Black 991. .
DACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB —
WINTER MEETING. 1596-97,
Beginning Monday, April 5, to April 17. Inclusive
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. *
'Xhuraduy, Friday and baturday.
''■.■V '.';■,' .Kiiln or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
—Races Start at 8:15 P. 31. Sharp — -
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. aal
12:5«,'l .00, 1 :30, 2 :00, '£ :30 and 3 P. m.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at Use entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Train* lttave the Tract at 4:13 aal
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, President
B. B. iIiLKOY. secretary.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GRAJD OPEMIR. PERFORMANCES!
ANIMATOSCO PE" Every Nlehu '
APatIsSION, 10c. CHILDREN, So.
SUTRO BATHS. \
OPEN DAILY-7 A. M. TO 6 P. M.
Graud Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission.: lOo: Children, on
LCRLISBSALT WATER BATHS,
Cor. Bush and Laxklnsts.'— Recent Improvement*.
K>AMCLbD SWIMJUMi IANK.
■Additions to Tub Department.
Admission, 10c Ati mission, including swim, 2So
Open Day and. Evening.
56
SHE WAS TOO
KIND-HEARTED
The Grandmother Could
Not L?ave the Lit
tle One.
After Abandoning a Bab? an
Old Couple Return to Their
Sorrow.
They Were Trying to Hide a Daugh
ter's Sham . but Mad; a
S rious M stp.'.cs.
Tbe aged couple who were arrested i
Saturday night for having placed an in- i
fant on the steps of a store at 218 McAllis- ;
ter street, with the intention, as was then '
supposed, of abandoning it, were yester- I
day released. An able detective was i
placed on the case yesterday morning by i
Captain Boben, and at 5 o'clock yesterday 1
M Zella Fay," the Little Girl Whose Grandparents Left Her on the
Steps of a Store Which They Thought Was a Foundling Asylum.
afternoon be reported thtt there was
nothing in the action of the old people
which warranted their detention.
In the meantime at the City Prison the
little one was beinp tenderly cared for by
the matron. It is such a wee fait of hu- i
inanity that the doctors of the hospital
guessed its age at one week. Its grand
father, however, says four weeks is nearer
the ijgure, as the child was born March 10.
The cane is bat another phase of the sad
story oi woman's weakness and mnn's au
■Dlicity. Had the grieJ-ctricken pair, in
tent upon hiding the shame of an erring
daugnter, been more worldly wise or ■
harder of heart their plans need not have
miscarried. To-day the little waif would
be tenderly cared for by the sisters of St.
Joseph's Asylum, and the repentant
mother would be loosing forward to the
time when her child, the adopted daugh
ter of a widowed sister, could b a ever near
her and would be the object of no one's
scorn.
The plan as orginally outlined was for ,
the old folks to leave their country home j
with the child, and upon arrival in this
< ity. take it at once to St. Joseph's '
Asylum. There, the Sisters have provided j
a receptacle at the door for just such un
fortunates. In this the child was to be
deposited, the bell was to be rung br the
old man, and ere the Sisters arrived the I
sorrowing pair would depart. Later, a
member of the family would adopt ihe
child, and later, the parents, who are
soon to be wed, would take the little one
to their home.
On the arrival of the grandparents in
this City they were told that at 218 McAl
lister street was such an institution as
they desired. In fact the secretary of an
eleemosynary institution has an office
there for business purposes only.
At 10 o'clock Saturday night they sur
reptitiously approached this place and de
posited their precious charge. Reluctantly
they started away, but within a block or
two the heart of the grandmother fuiled
her. Perhaps she had maternal misgiv
ings that the little one had managed to
kick away some of its loose coverings. She
suggested that they return to the spot and
look at the child. Her husband, nothing
loath, consented. There it lay snug and
quiet just as they had left it.
"Hiram," said the only lady, "I am go
inp to take ii away. It might lie there all
night."
"Take it away goes," said Hiram, and
he reached for the little one. Two young
men were approaching, and he hastily set
it down to let them pass. They saw him
and demanded it it was his bundle. He
said it wai, and that it contained a child.
Then one held him while the other went
for the police.
That is the story of the abandoned
foundling as told by the aged grandfather.
"Leave that child on a doorstep all
night?" he ejaculated as tears came to his
eyes, "why, I would sooner died than
have done it. I intended to wait until I
fohw it was taken."
Then he spoke of the child's mother,
who had always been respected in the
neighborhood for her goodness. He won
dered anxiously if they would let dim
take the child home with him. and in
quired more anxiously if his wife was
all right. They had kept them in remote
cells.
"To-morrow," he said, "we will return
at once to — " and he named the town
where he is known as a hard-workiug,
respectable man.
"If tbe names could only be kept from
tbe papers," said the old man eagerly,
"part of the scandal might be averted. "
And after all, the name* and placedon't
matter much — not so much as refraining
from adding one straw to the burdens of
that unfortunate old couple.
OLYMPIC CYCLERS' PICNIC.
Annual Gating of the Wheelmen at K»
calles Yesterday.
The Olympic cyclers held (heir annual
picnic run to E-calles, in Marin County,
yesterday. It was one of the lareest oni
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St. Tel. Main ; 1954.
CK.NTKAI. orsiCK . ..
C2S llarket St., Palace Hotel. Pur Jj 4 Atkluoa,
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (ad jolnlnc GrUi
Boom). Tel. Main luQl.
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, .Manager..
Ctden instantly executed on I latest market ono
Utloua, Eei*rence Ist National Bank. K. SV
CHXCAUU »UVAX« wul*. MJCVtF yoJul
door gatherings of local wheelmen from a
single club ever held, and also proved one
of the most enjoyable. About a dozen
members of the Bay City Wheelmen and
iom>' others were also present as invited
guests.
The party, numbering lully 150. left
here on tbe 10 o'clock boat for Sausalito.
and took the train to ban Anselmo. riding
back from there to Esc»lies.
Beiore lunch there were numerous
games. Jack Cunningham won the 100
--yard dash in 10 2-5 seconds, Wilbur Knapp
second. Freu Butz and Phil Fay won tne
three-legged race. A "partnership" race,
one man carrymp his partner on his back,
wont to Frank O'Kane and Jack Cathcart.
Knapp and D>o«an looked to be sure
winners of this event, but Doogan tumbled
near the tape, sending Knapp sprawline
ten feet away. The result was ludicrous.
The moil interesting event was a mile
liHn;lirap race, won by Roy Barney from
TO yards; Dr. Pinching, 05 yards, second;
W." S. Baron, scratch, third.
Ju'lge Kerrigan, Ferris Hartman, .lames
Swinnerion, George Wet more and Sandy
Pluramer were the officials.
Alter a splendid lunch spread in the
cool shade, an excellent musical and lite
rary fiitertainment was provided, consisi
ing oi numbers by Morris Cramer, Joe
Desmond, Wilbur Knapp, Ben Tarbox,
Will Uallett, James Swinnerton, Hynes,
Nelson, Jack Cooney and others.
The run for home was led by Captain
Morel late in the evening, every one voting
that tue outing was one of the best the
club members have ever enjoyed.
The Olympic Cyclers also had as quests
a boat.- crew from tlie club's rowing asso
ciation. In tbe boat's crew were F. A.
Grimm, captain and bow; J. H. Cameron,
forward waist; Paul Sturtevant. after
waist; J. \V. Morton, stroke, and Robert
McGill, coxswain.
THE GAELIC IN AGAIN.
People at the Ferries Played
Football With a $500 Roll
of Greenbacks.
Two Paper Vrndors b. currd the Eulk
of the Money, bat Gave It
Up to the Polic .
The Gaelic rva* 28 days 23 hours and 24
minutes from Hongkong and 6" days 13
hoars and 24 minutes from Honolulu. At
the latter port a stop of twenty-four hours
was made to enable the Chinese Minister
to inquire into some matters in connec
tion with cooly labor on the islands. The
steamer brought 110 55 cabin passengers,
17 Chinese and 3 Europeans in the second
class and 47 Japanese for a colony in Mex
ico and 202 Chinese in the steerage. Of
the latter nearly all are bound for Na6b-
Tille, Teun., where they are to form part
of a Chinese village. They are only the
advance guard, however, as at least 1500
more oi their countrymen ara expected
nere on succeeding steamers. The coolies
come here on the understanding that they
are to go back to China within a year, but
like the Midwinter Fair Chinese they will
vanish into thin air as soon as the day ol
departure comes. It is safe to say that
not five out of every hundred that co to
Nashville will go bacK to China inside of
a year.
The barkentine S. IG. Wilder and the
bark Andrew Welch goi in from Honolulu
and ihe Russian barkrntine Bering from
Yokohama got in yesterday. The Wilder
was passed by the United" States quaran
tine efficer and Captain McNeal and his
pa3sen_eri proceeded to go ashore on the
tug Vigilant. Dr. Bunnell, who was act
inn for Dr. Chalmers, the State quarantine
officer, ordered them back aboard again
and went through all the papers before he
allowed tnem to land. Captain fciilovichof
the Vigilant was anery at having to go
back to the Wilder, Captain McNeal was
as mad as a hatter, the passengers were
wondering what it all meant and the crew
called down blessings on the doctor's head
because they had to go through another
mustering. In the meantime the men on
the Andrew Welch had to possess their
souls in patience until the quarantine
officer was through with the Wilder.
Mrs. C. A. Camp of 1239 Market street
had a remarkable experience Just Satur
day evening. She was on her fay to By
ron Springs and while awaiting ncr boat
at t>ie ferries pulled out her handkerchief
and with it a roll o! $"iooin greenbacks. She
never noticed her loss and a few minutes
later a couple of adorn came along and
one of them, kicking the roll into a cor
ner, remarked, "That's theater money,"
meaning the imitation greenbacks
nsed on the stage. Soon after
ward two cr.ppled newspaper ped
dlers saw the money scattered around
and gathered it in. Harry Campbell se
cured $250 and Tim Casey $200. A few
minutes later a hunter picked up $35 and
went to the ticket-window wii.i it. The
ticket aeent knew nothing about the mat
ter, and the hunter went away saying he
would cail again this morning to see if
there was any claimant. The hunter vs»
hardly out of tne way before another man
came along with a $5 bill he had found,
and still another came on his heels. Mrs.
Camp was the last one to appear and she
was in tears. She told tier tale of woe
and he police were called in. Cameron
and Casey had been talking about their
"find." and they were taken before Cap
tain Dunleayy, where they at once deliv
ered ud the money. The $35 picked up by
the burner and the two $5 bills reported
by the passengers on the boat will be
forthcoming this morning, ho that Mtb.
Camp will only be a loser to the extent oi
$5, for which she ought to be more than
thankful.
It was J. H. Gladstone who saved young
Harry Alverino's life last week nnd not
the Pacific Mail Company's gatekeeper at
Lombard-street wharf, as stated. While
tne patekeeper was lookine for a tore
Gladstone swam out to the boy and kept
him afloat until assistance came.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Mrs. Mary McDonald of Yerba Buena Lodge
Of San Jose has been appointed grand guard
ian, vice Mrs. Etta H. Wever. resigned.
The members ot the Grand Lodge will be en
tertained by Aurora Lodge on lhe evening oi
the 19th inst. and by West Knd Lodge on the
evening of tbe 20th.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
NOTES OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD
Officers Will Ask for Regi
mental Camps This
Year.
Members of tbe Guard Want to
Know What Has Become of
the Inspector.
Ceremonies by th? Companies of the
Second Battalion, Pint Regiment,
Second Brigade.
Now that the appropriation for the
National Guard of the State has been made
the talk in all directions is "camp," but
there is no certainty as to what camp will
be ordered by the commander-in-chief,
whether it will be a division, brigade or
regimental camp. The matter has been
pretty fully discussed by the officers of
the several regiments and while Major-
General James would like a division en
campment the majority of the officer-* are
in favor of regimental camps. These
urgue that as the men have not been to
camp for tbree years and many are new,
never having been to a camp before, they
would not have the opportunity to learn
as much ma division encampment as they
would at a regimental camp for the reason
that they would be called upon to learn
too many new movements in a very lim
ited space of time.
Our National guardsmen it should be
remembered aie not as well tap in the
school of the soldier as are the regulars
who have nothing to engross their attention
but the study under severe disciplinarians of
all that goes to make up a true soldier and it
should not be expected that the guardsmen
can go into the field and in a seven days' camp
master all the intricacies of the movements
that govern as large a body of men as would
assemble at a division encampment. In order
to improve the guardsmen tney should first
be well instructed in the school of the com
pany, then in the school of battalion, then in
me evolutions of the reeiiuent, tnen of the
brigade, and when they are well up In these
they can then dtvote some attention to di
vision matters.
From the talk of officers connected with the
First Infantry and the Fifth Infantry of ihe
Second Brigade it is likely that these will ask
for regimental camps, and that within a lew
days.
The matter of inspections has been very
much retarded this jeer. Op to date but one
inspection has been ordered — that of the sev
enth Regiment. First Brigade. This wascom
menced ou last Wednesday. Orders have Dot
yet been issued for others, although brig
ailer-geneials have been asked to fix dates.
The officials who have charge of arranging
the State shoois are at work, but the guards
men have come to the conclusion that the
work is progressing siowly und that if order.->
are not issued soon there will be some con
flict with ihe law »b to the number ol shoots
that the men will have to take part in.
Another matter that has set the guardsmen
to talking it the absence from the armories of
Captain W, de L. Carrington, U. S. A., specially
detailed by the War Department as inspector
of the National Guard ot this State. He did
inspect the guard in July of last year and pre
sented ins reDort, which is i> rimed in the
adjutant-general's report, but since then he
has not been seen where the companies meet.
It may be that there are some of our guards
men who do not kr ow as much about military
matters as they might, but they are of the
opinion that the captain who Is paid by the
liovernment, and has no other duty to per
form than that for which he is detailed should,
in his capacity as inspector, make periodicnl
visits to the armories, watch the drills and
make such comments as would enable the of
ficers and the men to correct errors that they
may fall into, and they think further that he
ought to meet occasionally with the board of
officers and discuss matiers that would in
crease the efficiency of the guard. They < ay
that if an officer of the United States Army is
to make an inspection only once a year the
War Department could detail an officer tor
that purpose for a limited period, and that af
ter having performed that duty he should re
turn to his post. It is just possible. M said be
fore, that these guardsmen do not know as
much abeut military matters as they niiuht.
but their logic «eems sound, and if the inspec
tions by the officer detailed for that purpose
were as they tuggest the service would be the
gainer, and could be made more efiective.
Colonel Hyman V. Bush, retired, has been
appointed judge advocate on the division staff
with the rank of lieutenant-colonel, vice
James F. Smith, elected colonel of the First
Kcgimeut In tan try, Second Brigade.
The Second Brigade.
Major Charles L. Tilden, Third Battalion,
First Regiment Infantry, has been granted
leave of absence for sixty days, with permis
sion to leave the State on account of ill
health. Some time spo he contracted a severe
cold, and under medical advice he has eonc
to a warmer climate lor a time. He has se
lected Arizona as his temporary home.
Last Wednesday evening the Second Battal
ion, Major Hugh T. Simc, whlcb includes
Companie!) M, Captain O'Neil; L. Captßin Eg
gert; B, Captain Film er, and H, Captain War
ren, had ceremonies in the regimental armory
at I'ago and Onk streets in the presence ot a
large number of persons, including about 200
lad.es and Mayor Phelau.
There was a battalion drill; then Lieuten
ant-Colonel Duboee wan tendered a battalion
review; Company B. Captain Filmer, gave an
exhibition ot the bayonet drill, and tne cere
monies closed with a dres^ parade, given to
Captain O'Neil, the senior caDtaiu ol the bat
talion.
After that the men who won medals at the
Slate stiooi were called to the front and were,
by Mayor Phelau, presented with the medals
t.iey had won, the presentation being pref
aced by a short eloquent address.
Within two weeks the Finn Battalion, Major
Charles Boxton, will give like ceremonies In
the regimental armory.
Tue Cadet Corps of the Lowell High School,
Captain L,. K. r.dwards commanding, will in
the near luture give an exuibition diill and
dance- in the regimental armory, but the date
has not yet been fixed.
Companies C and G (the Nationals) con tem
plate Riving a minstiel entertainment at an
early day.
A number of improvements have been made
in the quarters of Company X, Captain Thomas
J. Cunningham, at the armory, 815 Kills
street, of iate, under the direction of the cap
tain, who is displaying a great deal 01 interest
in his command nnd doing his best to bring it
up to a standard that no other company will
excel. Tne room that was known as the "hat
room" has been fitted up for the use of the
quartermaster. A number of shelve" have
been put after the manner that such are put
in the United States Army quarters and 0:1
those is placed clothing neaily folded, each
class segregated and each piece numbered as
10 size so that when a desired size is wanted
ji may be obtained without talcing down *
whole stack 01 articles.
{Then there are a number of shelves set aside
hats. Jt shows that the captain has the
bump of order largely developed, and that he
wants a place lor everything and everything
in its place. Auother room, long and narrow,
has been fitted with harness hooks in the
w«llt, each numbered. On each hook there in
a blanket roll, leggings, knapsact, overcoat,
canteen and service hat. Tuft the captain
call* the '•emergency room." In case of a
sudden call lor the men, each one knowing
his number will go to the room, give his
number and will be given in a moment all
that he needs to prepare himself alter he has
donned his uniform. An illustration of the
system showed that there is a great saving of
lime in preparing the men in the event of an
emergency calL
Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. April B.— Company E's
men were out in lone lsst Sunday, it being
the only favorable day they have had for r.
month or more. Heveral of the scores are
lower than usual, nolwitbstnndin^ the fine
weather. The following are the scores: Cap
tain Schoomtker4o, ScrgeanU— McMartin 43,
Ounier 40, Bessoy 43. Corporals— Nutting 42,
Perkins 42, Howerion 46, Meredith 39. Pri
vates—Thompson 35», Cook 42, Gray 32, Syden
ham 40, O. E. Hughes 4(i, Joe Klecken«tein 39,
Love 38, Moore 42, Jones 39, Torpey 39, West
lall 41, McVey 40, Cutting 41, H. Sweeney 30,
T.Sweeney 31. Mayberry 34, O;ea 38. Meyers
30, \Vormer4o, Ball 33, Luce? 40, Pollard 40,
tiubert 38, Freemau 37, Gardner 41, John
Flock.^nstien 41, Sabin 40, Korrell 38, Tram
mell 40, Snowuiter 41.
Pool shooting— Sergeant McMartin 40, Pri
vate Meyers 31, Corporal Perkins 41, Sergeant
Bessey 41, Private Sabin 41, Private Gardener
40. Corporal Howerton 43.
The members of the local companies are
elated over the prospect of jfoing to camp this
summer. Company E is making arrangements
for a shooting tournament to take place shortly
and to b-' open to all comers. The members
expect to have a match with Captain Pouner's
company of Oakland— twenty men from etch
company. This wiil no doubt prove n ye y
close contest, as both compai.ies have qnie a
number of sharpshooters. The m.iicn w.ll
probably be shot at Vailejo. Kxtherfobi>.
Signal Corps, Third Brigade.
The Signal Corps, Third Brigade, made a very
plucky attempt to break the State record tor
signaling on Sunday, the 3d inst., the stations
selected being Mount Diablo and Marysville
Buttes, a trifle over ninety-twomiles in an air
line.
The Mount Diablo squad, headed by Major
Douelus. signal officer, with Sergeants Bailey
and Byrne and Corporal Taylor, leit Sacra
mento oa Saturday's morning train. From
Muni nt z they drove to Clayton, where horses
wen procured and the ascent of the moun
tain begun. After a hard climb the summit
was reached at 6 o'clock Saturday evening. A
fire was started and the weary soldiers sought
sleep on the softest side of the rocks which
Utter the top of Diablo.
They were up betimes, and after breakfast
waited long and patiently for the clouds to
break. A wind was coming in from the ocean,
carrying with it large banks of clouds and
haze, and the sun shone at only fitlul inter
vals. A glimpse of a faint o'utiine of the
Buttes was caught, but at very rare intervals,
and then only for a few seconds, and it was
with disappointed hearts thai stations were
closed about noon.
The Marysville squad, which was accompa
nied by Colonel Peeler, Assistant Adjutant-
General Peeler and Lieutenant Charles E. Du
hain of Troop B, cavalry, cousi-ied of Lieu
tenant K. L. Martin, Sergeant Watkins and
Private May. Lieutenant Duhain. an old resi
dent of Marysville, acted as advance agent for
the boys, taking tne morning train on Satur
day for Marysville. the balance of the squad
following him in the evening. A start was
made by team fur the Buttes early Sunday
morning. On reaching the base of the moun
tains the work commenced in earnest.
Littered ilown with heliographs, telescopes,
canteens, lunch, kodak, overcoats, etc., the
climb commenced. To add to the discomfort
of tne boys, the sun came out about an hour
too early, and it was finally decided that the
overcoats, at least, be discarded half way up
the mountain. After a heavy climb the foot
of the crags on South Butte was reached and
instruments adjusted. Aoout 10 o'clocic the
clouds gave promise of breaking, the Capitol
aud other prominent buildings in Sacramento
being visible to the naked eye, but off toward
the bay the fog and clouds" seemed to be con
tinually siil ting. The summit of Diablo could
be seen, and a steady flash was kept on it until
2 o'clock, but no response was received, and
station*, were closed. It was thus that the Sig
nal Corps, Third Brigade, failed.
Lieutenant Martin is well pleased with the
trip, however. He is especialiy pleased with
the South Butte as a signal station. He says
that off to the west the snow-capped summits
of the Sierras were p.ainly visible, aud a wide
range for signaling is offered: but that
the prevai nig southwestern wind from the
ocean is very hard to overcome, especially at
this season of the year.
The citizens of Mary.-ville evinced much in
terest in the work of the corps, William Con
lin Droviding the boys with a conveyance and
acting as guide to the summit of the Buttes.
Later in the season another attempt will be
made to break the record, possibly with differ
ent stations. J. H. W ATKINS.
AMUSEMENT FOR ALL.
The Attractions That Are Announced
by the Managers of the Several
Playhouses for To-Night.
Otis Skinner is to present his version of
"King Richard HI" at the Baldwin this even
ing. It is said that it is very much at vari
ance with "Richard the Third" as heretofore
presented. The novelty will no doubt attract
a large number o! the lovers of the legitimate.
Robert Buchanan's highly praised pastoral
drama, "Squire Kate,*' will be offered at the
Columbia Theater this evening with Miss
Georgia Cay van in her original role, which
has won for her a great deal of praise. 6he
will be supported by a good s;ocS company.
"The Waifs of New York" will be put on at
Morocco's Grand Opera-bouse this evening.
This is a play in which Mils Katie Em me tt
made such a successful hit in New York dur
i ing several seasons. A number Of specialties
will add to the interest of this piece.
"Called Back," by Hugh Con way, is billed
for this evening a: the Alcazar. It is not a
new play, but it is one that always arouses in
terest and never falls to draw a large audi
ence, for it Is one that has a great number of
attractive points.
At the Tivoli Opera-house Sir Julias Bene
dict's romantic opera, "The Lily of Killarney,''
is to be offered this evening. It will be staged
with great care as to effects and costumes as
well as accessories. Laura milliard is to ap
pear in the leading role.
At the Orpheum Music Hall sixteen new
celebrities are announced. There are the
Merriloes Sifters, singing and dancing artistes;
Harris and Wallers, a comedy duo; the Faust
Pantomime Company from Australia, the
Kroneman Brothers, grotesque gymnasia, and
others.
In these days of delightful weather that we
have had for some time there are many who
t*te delight in outdoor amusements. These
they will find at the Chines, where a great
many attractions will be presented this even
ing.
Sailors do not like cat?. Tney have a
saying when the cat is frisky she has a
gale of wind in her tail, and a charm is
often resorted to in a calm by throwing
the cat overboard to rai«e ■ storm.
Explanation.
The arrow flics with the wind. : The top flfUtcai
It station indicate maximum temperature for the
nays: those underneath it. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*;
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid;
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms. or dotted: lines, equal . temperature. > Ta«
word ■•hi«li" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually ' preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and 'the isobars . extend
north and sooth alone the coast, rain la probable:
but when the ■ "low Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. WUha"hl*h" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may he expected in ■■ summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite* result."
WKATHKK |:ii:kaU REPOET.
United , States ' Dkpartmknt :of Agricci>
tubv, .- Whathkr "i Burkau, - *saj* , Fhancisco.
April 11, 1897, 6 p. x.— The following are '.he rain
falls for the put 24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season*. -< I; •V::*^ ■ ?. . ■ .
Eureka, past 24 , hours .00, this season 48.04
list season 38.65; Red Bluff, past !U hours .00.
this season 2a 74. las season 17.15: »an Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season '.'-'.Si, last
season 17.11: Fresno, past 24 nours, .00, this sea
son 10.53, last season 6.99: San Luis Obispo, past
24 hours .00, thl« season 20.71. las', season 15.71:
Los Angeles, pan 24 hours .00, this season 16.74,
last season 8 83; San Diego, past 24 hours. oo,
this sea-ion 11.63, last season 5 78: Yuma. past 24
hour* .00. this season 6.35, last season .88.
■-an Francisco data— Muxinium temperature 78,
minimum 60, mean 64.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
An ar<?n of high pressure is central this evening
in the vicinity of Vancouver island which ha*
moved uoitbward during the past forty-eight
hours rom the Northern California coast. Tnls
has caused a wave of somewhat cooler weather to
pass over the region west of the Kocky Moun
tains. This will be followed by another period of
warmer fair weather. Already the temperature
has begun to r.se along the Northern California
coast and In Western Oregon and Washington.
A norther of considerable torse prevails In the
Sacramento Valley which I* slowly extending
southward. A moderate norther Is expected to
continue Monday throughout California. Nevada
and Northern .Arizona.
forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. April 12, 1897:
Northern California — Fair, continued warm Mon
day, a moderate norther In the interior.
Southern California— Fair, continued warm Mon
day, probaolv warmer hi San Luis Oblspo. A
moderate norther.
Nevada— fair; warmer Monday.
Utab — Far: warmer Monday.
-v nzuiiH — j-alr Mondny.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair, continued
warm Monday: light to sresh generally northerly
wind. W. H. Hammon*. Forecast Official
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OtilAJI STKAMUKS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
BIN. MOON AND Tll>l£.
VTfTm* STATUS COAST AXI> GIBOT>»TTe WmtVltT
Tikki and Heights or Hish axd Low
Waters AT ±okt POINT, Extra vcw TO
feAN Francisco Bat. Published by Offi
cial Authority OV thi suncRiuTKXDKifT.
Not*— The high and low waters occur at ins
City front (MiMinr.-sir««: Wharf) about twentv
flve minutes later than <it Fort Koine me neifhi
of Uda is [tie name a: both places.
April- i 89;.
Monlt. April 12.
"nil rises B.Jr7|Moon rlsM.
8on»»;s 6.43,M000 seta.. .[['.' 2.43 ax
Notk— In the above exposition or the tides the
early morning tides am given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day la the
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column elves the second tide or the day, the third
time column th« third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, excep;
when there are bu; three tides, as sometimes
Krtin. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United Htatea Coast Survey
charts, except wben a minus sign (— ) precedes tne
height, and then the number given Is subtract!
from iho depth r'v«n by •hech»n».
.«<•! II XO MAKISKKS.
A branch of the United States Hydrography
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
tlreoiloas of the world are kept on hanJ.- or com
parison and reference, and tbe latest Information
nan always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to oc«aa
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
coon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegrapQio signal received each day troru the
United States Naval Observatory a; Hare Island
Cat.
A notice statins whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or cirln« the error. lr any. U
pnblisbed th« lima day oy the afternoon papers,
and by to* morning papers the following <iar.
W. M Ht-»HFB
Lieutenant. V. S.N.. In charge.
SHIFI'INO LNTELLIttKNCK
Arrived.
SUNDAY. April 11.
Btmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 .hoars from
Albion, et-; pass an i mdse, to Mendoclno Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hoars from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer &
Akmann.
Htmr i zartna. Seaman. 43 hours from Coos Bay;
mdse, to i D sprockets & Eros Co.
Slmr south Coast. Hanson. 39 hours from
Hueneme, via Ventura 37V» Hours: produce, to J
1. lianity.
Nor stmr Florida, Hanson. 4 days from Depar
ture Bay : 6414 tons ooal, to R Dunsmnlr Sons Co.
Btmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and tuds<*, to J S Kirn ball.
Btmr Rival. Johnson, Ti hours from Grays
arbor; lumber, to S tuuson J.umicri
Stmr Gipsy. - Iceland. '27 hours from Mo«s Land
it".-, etc: produce, to Ooodall. Perkins A Co. '
Br stmr ■ aeuc. Finch. -8 days 23 hours 24 m ln
from Hongkong via Yokohama 17 days 21 hours
24 uiiii, via Honolulu 0 days 13 hours mln;
pass and mrts». to O & O S s Co.
Brship Comllebank, storm, 10 days from De
parture Bay: 3431 ions coal, to Geo Frtich.
Haw baric Andrew Welch, Drew. 22 days from
Honolulu; pass and sugar, to Welch A Co.
Bktn S O Wilder, Mc.Velll, 18 days from Hono
lulu: pass and sugar, to Williams. Dlmond A Co.
Una* bktn Bering. Klngvall. 36 days from Yo
kohama: 46 pits* paper and bamboowaru, liiO
tons coal, to Russian s^a.sklu Co.
Bum Eureka, Paulsen, 11 days from Tacoraa;
190 M. t lumber, to si' Co; 170 Mft lumber, to
Dickens Lumber Co.
SchrC H Merchant. Brannan, 9 days from Grays
Harbor; --V BM. ft lumber, to UMUon Broi & Co.
»chr Lucy, Peterson, 7 days from Columbia
lliver; lumoer and latos, to Mmpson Lumber Co.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney, 22 days from
Honolulu; 054J bags sugar, to J D Spreclcels &
Bros Co.
- Schr Jennie Thehn. Hansen, 7 days from Grays
Grays liart-or; 173 ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Ca • •
Schr Ivy, Murchison. 12 days from Grays Har
bor: .05 M ft lumb't, to S I' Co.
Schr Guide, Ols»n. 8 days from Wiliapa Harbor;
200 M ft lumber, to .SlmDsoti Lumber Co.
Schr Monterey, Beck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landlnc; 157 M ft lumber, to*" llevwood,
; schr Etta B. .m ad sen. 8 hours tram i- on Rom;
.'5 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Sohr Five Brothers. Kasmussen, 18 hours from
rMielps ••nndlni;: »>> eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Helen H Kimball. Quttormsen, 18 days frm
Kuhulul: s^d2 bagssu^ar, to Alexander & Bald
win. • ..-...;
Schr KetUe Low. Low. 5 hours from Potn:
«eyes; 45 bzs butter, to J H .Newbauer & Co.
Smiled. : • '
SUNDAY. April 11.
Stmr TJmatllla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town .
send. .
> -■. mr Humb-lrlu Bonllle!d. Eureka. ■'
. Kr oark Abbt-vihus Aubev. t.urron, Algoa Bay.
Bchr Eclipse, Brumnier. Tacom a.
HenrJoua <» >orin, ha-mussen, Honoipn.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, KurcKh.
Telegraphic
roiST i,oboh April ! 10.- 11 ' f. Weather
hazy: wind W: veioci . 6 aiiid«.
' Spoken.
Per Blval- Apr 9 off Yaqulna Head schr Louisa
D with 713 sealskins. All we.:. ,
 ' . - MiHcellaneou*. '
Per tog- Reliance-Captain Gilbert reports the
whistling buoy out of ordar. It does no: .whistle.
x>onieiitic Port*.
VEXTURA-Arrlwl Apr 11— Stmr G Loomia,
heuc Fe • 10, and sailed for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 11— S:mr Fro^so, hce
hem e Apr 7.
ALBION- Arrived Apr 11— Stmr National City,
hence Apr 10.
MENUOCIXO- Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Ft Arena,
for San Francisco.
TATOO-U-Pas;ed Apr 11-Br.rmr Welllng
lon. from Departure Eav, for ;«an Francisco.
USAL— ."auni Ai»r 11— Stmr Naverro, jor Re
dondo
CASPAR-Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Jewel, !or San
Francisco.
BEAK HAKBoß— Sailed Apr 11— Stmr West
port, 'or San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Alca
traz, hence Apr 10.
.FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Weeott,
for nan Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 11 — Stmr Alliance, hce
Apr 8.
Foreign Port*.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Mar 10— Br schr Sadie
Turple, for a cruise.
Arrived Mar 14— Br schr Director, from Vic
toria, and sailed .Mar 18.
Sxilett Mur 7— Schr Golden Fleece, for cruise.
HONOLULU— Arrived Apr 3— Bark Mohican,
hence Mar IS; Brsimr Oat-lie, from Yokohama.
mailed Apr I— Ship 8.-nj F Packard, lor New
York. Anr 2— Bar* Marina Davis, for San Fran
cisco Mar »— scur Kstber Buhne, for San Fran-
Cisco. ■ .
HILO— Arrived Mar 31— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu. hence Mar 18
Sailed Mar -8— Bark Anne Johnson, for eian
Francisco.
Importation*.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— 3 empty barrels, 1
bx cigars, 1 hamper, 16 psgs household goods. 2
bdls tildes. 1 ukg handles, 1 trunk pc soual effects,
261 M ft lumber.
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per Gaelic— 23B*s pkss
mdse. 17357 bags rice, 114 pKgs tea, 763 cs oil. 6
parcels 51 pkgs a. lk goods. 153 ca curios, 1683
pkita firecrackers. 404 bags coffee and spice, 2844
ro Is matting. 1248 bales gunnies, S-i fish geese.
Overiand— o4» pitgs mdse. 874 pkg* raw silk. 12 i
ca curiOß, 43 bags coffee and spice, 125 pkgs raw
brail. 7 parcels o pkgs silk goods, 10,862 rolls
; maliln r.
For Central and South America— slß9 pkgs mdse,
1050 bass rice, 10 Dkss tea, BCJ curios, 62 pkgs
firecrackers, 64 pkgs sllK goods. ..
HONOLULU— Per a O Wilder— l6,6e3 bags
sugar. 27 bale* wool, 10 ci gin.
HONOLULU— Per Andrew Welch— 26,Bl7 bags
auzar.
UUKNEME-Per South Coast— B6 sks barley, 1
oil tank. l bx butter, SilS v« sks Deans. 22 sks
wool, 1459 ski corn. 1 cs eggs.
Ventura — 10 pkgfi bottle machinery, 366 sks
garvanzas, 647 sks barley, 380 sks beans, 103 sks
prunes.
COOS BAY— Per Czailna— looo tons coal, 200
sks potatoes, 2 Dk^s flannels. 3 pkgs groceries, *'£
bdls hides. 8 pkiis express.
MO*S LANDING— Per Gipsy— 2% bis butter,
1 cs eggs. 10 iron castings.
Santa Cruz— 9 csc.'isesc 8 bxs butter, ZV% bbls
wins. 1000 bbli wine, 2 bars Iron.
P.geon Point— 60 sks beans, 78 cs bl drnms
cheese, 2 bxs outier, 2s«.s Dunes. 25 twin drums
cheese.
AQUINA BAY— Per Farailon— 6so hf-sks 1224
qr-sks 242 ba'.es flour, 483 sks potatoes. 702 bdla
hardwood. 7 eds suvebo.ts. 12 bdls bides, 38' sKs
bark, 3 coops ckeni. Ics dry (roods, 35 ska
oysters, 1 chest tea. 25 crts ax handles, 148 tons
stone, 4 bdls green hides.
1 Coos Bay— ss sits potatoes, 47 eds matchwood.
44 M ft lumber.
Eureka— a rolls leather, Ibx books 1 bdl hides.
MEN DOC UNO— Per Polut Arena- 14 cs 1 bbl
soda. 2cs eggs, a cs mds<.-. 47 M ft lumber. 3410
r r :ies.
Point Arena-39 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs, a cs mdse.
< <MI«I i;il<*«*4.
Per Gip^y— Herman Joos:; Norton, Teller & Co :
Dairymen's Uulon; KlUii Bros: Dairymen's Union;
DodKe. Sweeney & Co; HCowell&Co: California
Tallow Co: \V P Hnshneu; a W Kink & Co; fires
& Keyes: Getz Bros A Co: Wellman. l'eck<&Co: C
KTeizt-n; Ullmer. BrenhofTit Schulz; W R Lar
zelere & Co: Tillmann * Bendel.
Per south Co. 13 — Erlanger A Oalinger: Porter
Bros <tco; Field & Stone; Jonas Erlan?er <fe Co:
J X Armsby A Co; Wood. Curtis A Co; G J Hecht;
A <Jer..eidinje <t CO; tf P Milling Co.
Per Czarina— D Spreckels * Bros Co; Coghlll
A Kotm: Btsslnßer A Co : Wells, Fargo <& Co; s H
Frank A Co: Marshall A Relmers.
Per s U Wilder— Williams, Dlmond A Co* J C
Kobman.
Per Andrew Welch— Williams. Dlmond A Co*
We eh Co.
Per Gaelic— An^lO-Californlan Bane: M J Bran
denstein; M M »hibata; Swayne & Bart: London,
J'Hri.ihiKl Amerlcnn Bank: Urn i.o.h: M D Bos*:
X V Watt: S Kavraih.ma: T Kami in: Alexander
Center; Del Monte Milling Co; The huji Co: Mat
toon a. Danelada: W J Sar^em; X A'Bun^ulre;
California and Japan Trailing Co: X Oguri: AC
Roilnson: U H Berber <fc Co: Blanchard & Pa;«>:
L Lyons & Sons: order; various Chinese an. Jap
anese men hants.
Per Koro-W,B9nmnn4Co: J Levl & Co- G
Barnett: Miller, Sloss <S Scott Unlnn Lumber Co
Per Point -» a-.ennison <fc Wilson: Rts'« &
Hewlett: Rohlffs&Gerdau; Wheaton. Breoh <& Co;
Dairymen's Union; Standard Oil Co; urran <fe
Oiren: sauFrauciMCO Laun.iry.
Per Karallon — Langley A Michaels: Yates A Co
Weils. Fargo * Co: « G Wlckson & Co: 0 D L»dd;
Cal Bottling Co: C Kidril^e«t -on; M Franklin <fc
Co: LD Stone <& Co; Hieks-Juda Co: Bay Ci:y
Match 1.0: McDonouj-h&Runyon: Metropolitan
Match Co; C J Leist & Co; Moore, .Ferguson dfc Co ■
J H Newbaueri; Co: H 11 Dotjblns: 11 L-vi & Co:
X X Stevens & Co ; Chas obson & Co; Harry
Unua Co: M J Rrsndpnsteln A Co; Allen <fc Lewis;
Brown Bros <£ Co; Dodge. Hwe-ner A Co; T D Jlo
bllTrar; Stauffer & Co: SH Frank Co; Pacific
Woodenware and Coop-> v;« Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISmP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVIv BROADWAY Aj*f.
wharf, Sau Francisco, as lollows: JSbEJC
For nous in Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, S:i. Mi
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 a. v.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea and
New lai com (Betlic^bam Bay, Wash.). Bam.
April 1,6,11. 16, 21, 26 and every nfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. H.
R., at Tacoma with N. T. R. X.. at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers. I
For Kureka, Arca;a and Fields Landlus (Uuin-
boldt Bar), Sir. Pomona i p. v., April a, 6, 10, 14,
18. --, 26, SO and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East saa
Pedro (Los Anrelna) and Newport, at 0 a. it.
April 4. 8. 19, 16, 20. X 4. 28, and every loarta
day thereafter.
For -san Diego, slopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), >mita Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A.M. April 2.6. 10. 14, 18. 22, 26, 30. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. MaxatlAn, La
Pas and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 2Qth of each month.
l he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamen, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., GenT Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco
THEO.R.&N. CO.
•DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN X>
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. ic
TT AT?¥" I 812 * trst * cla " > \ Including
£ 7VXtJLt«*«j; Second-class /berth & melu
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia..:. March 24. April 3.13,21
State of California.. March 29, April 8. 18,28
Through tickets and" through ba«ga<e to ail
Eas-.era point*. Rates and folder* upon appllc*-
F. F. CONNOR. General Agon*.
GOODALL, PERKINS* CO., Superinteudent«
fBsVRCMIiI «. S.AUSTRALIA for
ißiiHiL HONOLULU on' ,
i* &«■*■<■ Tuesday, April CO. at
■™ \; 1; 2 P. K. Special party
(V/ I • \ rates.
SJT*^TTlSnin c 3 The S. S. MONO WAI
<ytUllllJlll|/ ga lB Vla HONOLULU
fornßrlftU- »'i (l AUCKLAND for
VJJtllf/UlMf' v D> - aY. Thursday,
April 29. 2 p. M.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE. Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, »an Francisco.
CO9PAGHIE GENERAL TRASS ATI i \[ 1 i
r"rencli Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH y*WPS
\J River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by ■4C*S9f
this Hue avoid both transit by English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. -New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParLi
first class $160. second class 9116.
LA NORMANDIE ."...*.:..*..;.. April 17, 10a. if
LA OHAMi AG.NK April 24.' 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE..... May 1, 10 a M
LA TOURAINE. .-...,... May 8. 10 a, M.
LA BRKTA<;NE Mm 15, 30a. jc.
0" For further particulars apply to
V ■ . _ A. FORGET. Agent.
• ; __„ £?- S. Bowling Green, New York.
X T. FTGAZI * CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
avenue, SAn Francisco. -
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St«
At 0 I*. M. Daily. Freiirtu received tip
to.»:3J P.M.
47* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
The only linti se.lluji through tickets and givinf
through freight rate* to All points on Valle/
Railroad. ■ "
STEAMERS
T. C. Walker, Peters,
alary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impu Ua
FOIU. S. NAVY.YARD ASD VALLEJO.
STKAMER "MOXTICKLLO."
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Snt ............
J- ..0:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 P. M. ex. ThurO
Friday 5............ ;..„.... ...... ...1 p. »p. jc.
Sundays ]o:3u a. m. and 8 p. m. .
Landing and offices. Mission Dock, Pier J.
.•■::. Telepnone Green 381.
FOR SA J JOSE, LOS GATOS & S AJT A CRUZ
QTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILY
kj (Sundays excepted) at 10 a. k. Alvlso dajly
(Saturday ezcepted) At 7 p. v. Freight and
Passenger. FAre between San Francisco and
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 76c, Clay AU Piarl.
WW. feaoia Clara »v tiuJOM, •*•>*** +
RATXHOAI> IRAVEC
SOrTHKRJT PACIFIC COMPANY.
,>!;-,.,: (pacific hv.sii:m. i
Train* l««»vc :m<l nre ilu«% to arrive at .
WAN JFKA.NCISCO. 1
leavk — From Slakcii 21, 1597. — arrivj'
"•6:OOa Miles, San Jose and Way Stations... J»:i."»,
7:00,\ Atlantic Kxpress, Ogilen and East.. 8:4-*ip
?:OOa Uenicia. Vacaville, Kuinsey. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding via
i>avi3 G:43p
7:30 a Marti::cz, San Rauion, jo, Xapa,
Caiistosa and Santa Rosa 6:15p
■:U«ANiI-s. Sun Jose. Stockton, loco,
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Chico,
'-.:■'■ Tehamaard Ked Bluff 4:15p
•9:30 a Peters and Milton «7:15p
O:O«»a New Orleans KxpniS, Raymond (for
Yosemite), I'resuo, Bakerslleld,
Santa Barbara, l.os Angules, Dem-
i>ig, El Paso, New Orleans and .
East 4:-15p
9:OO a Martinez and Stockton 4:1.1 p
9:OOa Vallejo 6:lSp
Niles, San Jose, LiTeimore and
Stockton 7:l."ip
•I:00p Sacramento Itiver Steamers *S:OOp
l:OOp Nilcs, San Jose and ljvermore &:45a
f I:»Or Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43p
•1:00 1- Martinez, Han lvanion. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistuga, El Verano and
Santa Uosn U : 1 5 a
«:OOp Bcnicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro- ■ j
ville and .Sacramento 11:15 a
■4i3«r Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martintz 11:4.1.%
S:9opLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Augele*. 7:43*
SiOep Santa Fe Koute, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojavo and East. 7:4.%*
6:0«p European Mail, Og.leu and Kast «:45 a
C:00p Hnywarda, Kilts anil San Jose 7 :4.1a
tr:OOl« Va11ej0..... 17:4.1 P
7:OUp Oregon Express, Sacrameutu, Marys-
. ville, lteddiuj,', Portland, l'uget
.SuuuAaml Kast 11:1.1 a
SA^TA <:iU)Z i»l Vl>l(>.\ (Narrow «»«ni;e;.
|7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion. Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J8j0o?
S:4.iANewark,CeiitervillivSaM.loße,Felton. '
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way •
Stations 9i30
*9:lSp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New '
Almadcn, Felton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *ll:2O«
4il«r Newark, San .Tone and I.os (Satns . . . »:.10a
COAST lU VISION (iliirtl A Towiwemi St».)
7:OOa Sau Jose anil Way Stations (New
Almadun Wednesdays 0n1y)... v . .. 1:30*
t:OO* Man Jose, IVes i'iiioa, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Ghrore, Paso Kobles, dan
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:1.1p
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations <>::;or
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:OOi
*2:3Ui>San Mateo, Menlo Park. San Jos«.
Gilroy, Trea Piuos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey and *IO:1O*
. "8::»OP San Jose arid Way Stations i>:45A
•4:30 i» San Jose ami Way Stations *fi:«.iA
5:»«p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *{J:4sa
<t::tOr San Jose and Way Stations «::M\
tll;4.*>i' San .Joso itml Way Stations t~:lsp.
hA> i.KA.>I»KO AMI HAVWAi:i:> M)«?ALl
••«:OOa ( 7: 1 3 a
«:oOa /<J: 13
lO.'SSa Melrow, Seminary Park, Jffjf*
°|!Bop Fitchbargr,SanLeandro. *****
«U:OOp I - nd . i 4:45p
%:°:>. : Hajnardt. «;'gr
3:JOp J 7:l.ii'
7:«»0r h:*^p
»:OOp < Runs through to Niles. io--,«™
i ttllslgP^ From Nile.. [ tiia.-OUp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from SAN PRiSCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
$00 ,g; SSKi; n:o ° * 2:3 ° t3:M
from OAKUSD— of Broaiwsv. — *6:00 8-00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *1:00 t3:00 *3:00 tl':00
*s:oQp.m. j>;
.c, A for Mo" 1 "'?- P for Afternoon.
Sunday- scented. t Saturdays only.
 „ I Sundays only.
_tt Hon(U]^Tii£*aqai/ and Saturday niahta onl».
SMFRiSCISCO & IVORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK CAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:SJl
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. it Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 P. m. Saturdays— Kitra trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 P. it
BTJNDAYS— 8:00, »:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, »:A*
6:00. 6:20 p. it.
Han Rafael to '»n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. <* •
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. M. Saturday*— trio's
I at 1:55 p. M. and 0:33 p. m.
BUNDAYB— 8: If, 8;4O, 11:10 a. it: I:4a 3:* a.
6:00, 6:25 P. M. r---; >
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par* same
schedule as above.
Leave Tnpfr«t Arrive
■ Ban Francisco. oct? 1? 6an Prancl »<»'
| Week I Sux- T Jea I ,? n 'I J .' ion . Sus- I W«t"
Days. I days. | " »»'"" on - pays. \ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
• 8:30 fm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 m ' 10:25 Ait
I 6:10 i-M 5:00 I'M Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm, 6:22 pic
„ _ Fulton. ~~~'
i 7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 a«
Healdsburg.
l ytton.
Geyser ville, 1
, 8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:36 pv| 6:23 r»
5 Pieta, ■
I Houland A
7:30 am I 8:00. am Uklan, 7:36 m 8:2» rm
7:30 am 10:25 a*
8:00 am GuemerUle. 7:33 pm
| 3:30 pm 6:33 ra
7:30 am 8:00 aX Sonoma 10:40 am -.40 aW
■ ~> " ■ " and
! 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm:
7:30 am ,8:00 AMI Seha-tonni 110:40 AM 1 10 AM
B:3opm|6:oopm| SePMtoPOL | 6:10 pm| 6:22p5
stacks connect at Santa Rosa for Mart Whj
Pprlntfj; at Geyservllle for Bka^cs Sprlncs: a*
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pl«ta tor HUhlanl
Springs, el sey ville. Soda Bay and Lakeport • ac
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs' at
Uklah for Vichy .Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, l'omo Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Uerleys, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevillc
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg. . Westport, Usal, wuieu. Canto, ci!
Telo, Laytonviile. Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka/
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atr«duo««
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets tm all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rat**. .
Ticket Offices. 660 Market st., Chron!cl« bntldlsa
A. W. FOSTER, R. x. RYAS, "*
fres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Af eat
■ -.■...., -^. . ~ " .
Santa Fe
Limited* j^^^^^.
On MONDAYS and 4^??^S^^sK
THURSDAYS the flrstr aSKgcSSai 23s Sk
claim Pullman sleeping-car jBK3SSjwSyjjMP|
leaviiiK at 5 p. M. connects BUj^-rgSßiW^^Wa
at iiaritovr with the Sun: a nnp^KKm
i> limited Ira a carrying jM^jUfißV
<liuias[-car, buttrt smoking- ftii^^a^S i4"Sy,
car and Pullman palace «<gSgj|S^ "twiJW
draTrlns?-rooni s!eepln*-c>»rs \aS2^s€^9HSs I
for toth Chlc»co and St. 11 '^uFjgJ
Louis via Kansas City.
3J-3 Days to Chicago or St. Louis. '
4'^ nays to New Turk.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6p. M. Pullman palace drawfnr.
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping-
cars, thrtuch to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and 6>U Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City. Chicaro,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday: St. Haul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Maiketn'r«rt, 1. hron-
-4ol« building, i«lephone Main 1531. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
j From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 13 Jl
WEEKDAYS..
For Mill Valley and >an Rafael— »7:25. •9-ls
11:00 a. it.: •l-.+b, 3:43, *5:15. *i:is «-30 p m
! Extra trips for Bau Rafael on Mondays. Wedn-j^
days and Saturdays as 11 .HO p. m.
SUXDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *10:00
•11:30 a. M-: •1:30,3:00, *4:30. 6:15*: M
; Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
! THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations -7 ;25 a. m
V^eekdays, 8:00 a. M.sucday«, 1:45 p. m! satuil
•■ tor Cazadero and wav stations— 7:2B a. m. v, » c li«
Oars; 1:46 p. m. Saturdays. •«•*•«. ce t ■*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains eonnpet witli ° rth Paclfl «
Coast Railroad. -T*™"
WKKK I)AYb-,, 4 v«S.F.9:HA. m. I:4S p «
B Returnlnc— Arrive S. b\ 3:25 p m 6-20 p iT
SUNDAYS-LearsS.i-.BA. m 11:80 a."m" m iT"jp m!
Returning— Arrive S.K.I :15 p.m 4:20 P M. 7-35 p iT
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or '.
wmT- 11 !?"- LU " K * WXB - 6;il ilark^t %U, S. P.
Mill \ alley and Mount Tamalpals scenic Kali way.
TOE SAS FR\SCISCO AKi) SA.\ JOAQUU
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.,
FwR, M run A diT y^ RY S1 « 1897 ' PMSBnBer "in.
b «r^g r ..;.; t fek^;M^g^-
Cofn°/ '? term ' dla t e stations «cc tim«-table.
Connecting steamboats of the C. • N. 4 T osv
leave BanlHaaoisco and Stockton at a **«»££REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Agents Report a Good De
mand for All Classes
of Property.
No Particular Enthusiasm Dis
played Among Either Buyer
or Seller.
The Question of Price Is the Factor
en Which Basin ss Largely De
pends Just N w.
Trade In tne real estate line continue? of
good proportions, while the situation generally
partakes of a liopeful character. Tuere is no
particular enthusiasm displayed among either
buyers or sellers, but holders still appear to
have good faith in the future, and to this
foe. ing IS attributable the increase of strength
that seems to have been imparted to values
within the past lew months. Most certainly
- some improvement in matters, because
the inquiry is more general, and there is dis
position to buy iuna oi u;l description*. The
question of prloe is :b<; factor on which busi
iio^s largely depends just now.
The tallowing is taken from the Real Estate
Circular published by Thomas Magte & Sons:
The Hibernla Bank last month lent $379,829
on City real estate, the Savings Union $127,
--•400 and the German Bank $141,650. Yet
alter these loans were made all oi the savings
barks had still large surpluses of unused
money on hand, for which there Is only a very
light demand lor City real estate use. No
country loans are now being made. There is
go much money on hand at some or our banks j
that a reduction of the rate < i interest Is j
likely. Existing rates are 6}^ to 7 per cout j
per annum, the banks paying the mortgage
tax. The net rate they earn is 5 tosJ^ percent.
.Borrowers, in the lace of low reals and fre
quent vacancies, cannot as a rule earn these
rales net if they borrow and build.
NEW* m:i£3.
A two-stofy residence is to be built by Nellie
E. Scott on the east line of Shrader street, 25
leet north of Beulah.
Alterations and additions are to be made to
the premises of Mrs. Semi Chabot, on the east
line of Powell street, 102 feet north of O'Far
rell.
A large tract of property overlooking Sutro
Heights and extending from California street
south for about four blocks, has been put on
the market, for sale by Adolpa Sutro. This
land, no doubt, will uttract liie attention of
home-seekers of medium circumstances, which
by reason of us distance from the city's cen
ter, is cheap in price, but nevertheless is one
of the prettiest sections in San Francisco lor
homes. The accent extension of the eleclric
road throughout the Richmond District has
brought the property in the outlying section
of this territory within easy and quick access
to town, and it seems quite reasonable to pre
dict that before many mouths the district in
question will be thickly settled with homes.
Charley Sutro reports the following recent
sale- : Northeast corner ol Forty-sixth avenue
and I) street, 32:6x100 feet, to M. Mericourt,
foi $2000; two lots on Forty-fourth avenue,
between Point i, .bo* and Clement street, each
25x120, for $500 apiece: two lots on the west
line, of First avenue, 25 feet south of Lake
street. $1000 each; lot 25x100 feet on the north
line oi California street, 20 feet east of Second
avenue, for $1200.
Griffith Clark <& Co. have formed a corpora
tion to do a general real estate business. They
have rented toe premises at 19 Montgomery
street, formerly occupied by Bovee, Toy i
BonatiuE.
Bdldwin& Howell report the following re- j
cent sales: Lot and improvements on the I
fcoutheast corner of Bryant street and Morris I
avenue, betweei Fifth and Sixth, lot 75x75,
}>r!ce $11,300; northwest corner oi Twenty*
y.'iih. ani shotwell streets, lot 22:6x75, im
provements three-story building, flats, pr;ce I
lot on the south side oi Golden Ga*te ;
uvenue, 121 feet west of Baker street, j
25x137:6, price $160O; lot on the west side of !
I'o.som sireel, 410 feel south of Prectta aye- i
nue, 50x200. price $1500; lot on the east side <
Oi Stanyan street, 25 feet north of Frederics,
25x106, price $1725; iot on the west line of
Ninth avenue, 125 teet north cf I street
25x100, price $1000; lot on the north side of Me |
AUlster street, 150 feet eastof Lyon, 25x137:6, j
price $2100; iot on the west line of first ,
avenue, 250 feet r:orth of Clement street, 25x
120. i rice £1000; iot on the west line of Dia
mond street, 149 feet south of Seventeenth,
24:8x125, price $1200; lot and .improve
ments consisting oi sma.l cottage on the west
Bide of Dame street, 375 feet north of Randall.
25x125, price $800; lot on the east side of
San Bruno avenue. 100 feet north of Twen
tieth street, 20x100, price $325; lot on west
line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 150 feet south of
Cement itreet, 25x130, price $425 ; lot on the
east line of Chenery street, 518 feet north of
Miguel, 25x100, price $700; lot on the
cast line of Pennsylvania avenue, 200
south of Solano, 25x100, price $800;
lot on the eas: line of Lyon street, 25 feet
pouth of Golden Gate avenue, 25x100, price
$1625; lot on the west line of Phnider street,
125 feet north of Frederick, 25x131 :3, price i
&1450; lot on the east line of Nebraska street, I
50 feet south of Nineteenth, 15x100, price
irs7s; :ot on the north side of I street, 32:6
east of Tenth avenue, 25x100, price $800;
f"ii!Dfa«t corner r.f Nebraska and Nineteentn j
Kreets, 20x100, price $650; lot 271 of Gift Map, '
$300.
This firm aiso reports a large inquiry for j
property in Burlinftamc Park and also at San
Mateo. A number oi sales have been effected,
i he particulars of which will be given in a few
days.
Jacob Heyman will commence the building
of two new cottages during the week in the
Heyman Tract. At Die northwest corner of
Hoffman avenue and Alvarado street a five
room cottage is to be constructed. Two frame j
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red Letter Day."
Smyrna Rugs — 200 Smyrna!
$1.50 Instead Rugs (bought!
Of $3.50. before the!
tariff went up), come to us at
a price away below normal. I
it's too much good luck to \
keep all to ourselves. Won't i
you come and share it ?
The rugs are 2! feet wide
and £ feet long. Extra heavy, |
with the color woven clear!
through—both sides alike.
At regular prices you would
pay $3.^0. Special for to-day,
Other sizes reduced, too.
California Furniture Company.
N. P. Cole & Co.,
117-121 Geary Street. . / &*,
dwellings will also be built on the north side
of Twenty-third street, west of Hoffman ave
nue.
John F. Krutzmeyer is to build a three-story
frame residence on the north line of Geary
street, l(>2:t> east of Broderick.
George ottson will erect a two-siory frame
building- flats— on Cnlifornia street, between
Second and Tbir<l avenues.
Mrs. Susan Underwood is to build a two
story and basement frame house— two flats—
on the south sido of Bernard street, 229 feet
east of Jones.
Contracts have been let by Joseph Goetz for
the erection of a two-story and basement brick
structure ou the east line of Stocktou street
81:8 south of Clay.
Isabella D. Clark is to build a six-story and
basement brick and stone builaing at the
northeast corner of Bush ai;d Battery streets.
J. Scnmidt wi 1 ereot a two-story frame
building, with basement— store and flats— om
the soutnwest corner of Twenty-first aud Fol
som streets.
Mrs. Mnrgnret A. Martin will erect a two
story frame tenement building on the south
lineol Fulton street.
On the north line of Greenwich street, 60
ieet east of Octavia, \V. C. Miller is to build a
one-story frame cottage.
R- H. Sarouy will build a six-story frame
dwelling- house and stable ou the east Hue of
Eighth avenue, 239 feet north ol C street.
Dr. Vincent I. Buckky will erect a three
story frame building — three flits— on thesouth
west corner of Jackson and Taylor streets.
Mrs. Annie Loughrey is to build a one-story
frame cottage with basement on the north side
of Pine street, between Ltou and Central ave
nue.
Golden Gate Land Company will move the
frame building at 1505 and 1507 Larkin street
and construct a one-story addition with base
ment at the rear on south line oi Vallejo street,
201 ieet east of Po.k.
C. B. Rode has c mtracted for the erection of
a two-story frame building wilh concrete
foundiition' on tne southeast corner of Welsh
and Kourih streets.
Clotilda Cassassa i* to build a cottage on
Lsko street, near Twenty- first avenue.
If rs. Clara K. ciii.tiingharn will make some
alteratioas ami additions to tiie dwelling
house on the southeast corner of Pacific ave
nue ana Broderict street.
Adoli'h Kisenbach will erect one three-story
and two ; wo-.'-tory fr.une flats on the southwest
corner of Union at:ii Lacuna streets.
Mission Lodge Masonic Hall Association is
to build a !r:ck buii'ling on the west line of
Mi-inn s reel, 140 f «et north of Twenty-third
William Byrnes will construct a tw >-st >ry
frame buil'trig on Hie west side of California
avenue, -4.0 feet east of Virginia aveuue.
Will C. Hays has let contracts for a three
story frame tenement building on the west
Hue of Devisadero street, 70:0 ieet south oJ
Post.
William Fflirgrieve »'U erect a two-story
frame building on the eas: line of Bryant ave
nue, 270 feet -^ouiti of Twenty-fifth street.
Chares B. de Pas is to build a frame dwell
ing-house, oi.e-«tory, attic and basement, on
the west line of Sixth avenue, 200 feet north
of Point Lobos avenue.
Hagerty &. Leouliardt will make several
alterations ana additions to the vl.la ou the
Ocean Beach boulevard.
Wendell Eastou will deliver a free lecture
on Weduesday evening, April 14, at Golden
Gato Hal!, on Sutter street, near Taylor. The
subject matter of his discourse will be "Cali
fornia Country Homes," with special reference
to the growing of the orante and the lemon.
Photograph* nave been taken of important
points o! interest in this State and will be re
produced by colored stereopticon slides, illus
trating the lecture, which should make the
evening both interesting and instructive.
EAOING AGAIN TO-DAY.
The Selling Plater IM vision (liven a
a Chance at Emeryville.
The card at Emeryville this afternoon
wears a cheap lock, and upsets will not
be surprising.
The list of entries is as follow?:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
536 Braxey 105. 838 Rufalba 105
812 Ilalsey 110 831 Two Cheers.... 121
820 Kpsel.-. lib; 805 Koselle 107
724 Greenleat 107 18H sal Sensible... .lo6
765 Doubttul. 118 ; 841 Charlemagne .. 107
744 Polore 105 l79l)Candor 119
824 Ro.- CarrnthersllO 054 Hymn ISII
881 .Last Chance... 121 I 724 Red Will 124
361 Hueneme 124
Second race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, two-year
olds.
826 Old Jack 108 (BSB)BHss Rucker...lOß
838 B. Schreibfr...lOs 826 Kluohmprton ...101
822 Don Luis 101 (Bl4)Hermoso 108
Jack o' Time. ..lol 833 Malka 98
83J Key Salazar.... 9b : 823 Twink1er.......101
Third race, thlrteen-slxtcenlhs of a mile.
782 Rafasla 1021 844 Horatio 112 !
821 >:ina 107 814 Rlenzl 112
838 Widow Jones. .lo7 4C9 Zamar II 109
814 Lena 107 B^s Claudlana 102
830 Torpedo 112 1 844 Qaantrell 112
.... Re. del DIaolo.:07 782 Kosalbra 112
844 Grandezia 107 774 larunto 118 ■
" 824 James Porteus.lo7 824 fccbweltzer 107
844 Apto 107;
Fourth race, one mile, selling. ■
837 Governor Budd 94; 811 Hermanlta. 99 !
8.5 Meadow Lark. . 98 840 Mary Nleves... 95 '
841 Olive 98 829 Leonvllle 98 j
835 Devanlt 100 832 Montallade 94 !
836 Fannie A 96
Fifth race, three-quarters of amt'e, selling;.
84 2 Mercntlo 1101 842 Queen IN übia. .. 106 '
*41 Kicardo 121 (83O)Tulare 107
827 Madron*. 121 622 Lou Lou R 105 I
834 Una Colorado. .l2li(B2o)Mida* 124 '
845 Manchester I*4; 771 Ad Andrew no i
(824)Alt»nera 105 832 Viking 107 i
836 Chenille 105 841 Toano 121
842 Elsie J-mlth 105 756 Emma D 119
766 Lizzie II 116
Sixth race, one mile, selling.
840 Ad. Buchanan.. 99 803 San Marco 100
789 Miss Ruth 96 840 Doyl* 8S
(792 Babe Murphy.. 96 (835)CabrUlo 110 I
(B*o)Haz»rd 97 Walter J 100
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First raoe — Sallie Sensible, Dolore,
Braxey.
Second race — Bliss Rncker, Roy Sala
r 11 , Flushington.
Third race— Zamar 11, Kienzi, Hora
tio.
Fourth rarf- Montallade, Hermann*,
Olive.
Fifth race— Elsie Smith, Ltrzie H,
Chenille.
Sixth raoe — CabrlUo, San Marco, Miss
Ruth.
♦ ♦ — «
It is calculated that in large ocean
steamers more than 3000 articles of glass
and china are broken on every voyage.
Brass and
Onyx, Half $ffi*&
Pric6. V^l
Besides the g» < J&|'3 > «
rug special ilplplliiiS^
to-day you f y r - I
have the Op i '
pick of any I ■%, ,j • j
brass and 9 f_jf/ x
onyx parlor uJftjJSL^:
cabinet or -^W^W^
table in our J^^few3t«
showrooms
a t exactly j
half the reg- JEr l^qr
ular price. f ' :
• And our brass, and onyx
goods are genuine. The brass
is solid and the onyx real—-
some very choice.
Prices start at $v and run
up into the hundreds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
MORE UNSIGNED
LETTERS MAILED
A Cruel Attempt to Injure
a Young Lady Yet at
School.
Duty of Election Contestants to
Apologize to Maligned
0 ficials.
A Retnrned Traveler Reports a Great
Interest in tbe Endeavor Conven-
tion and California
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,)
yOrf Broadway, April 11. j
Beneath the surface of local society
there is in Oakland a continual under
current of uneasiness, caused by the
i anoi.ymous letter writer. Thia remark
does not refer to the class of anonymous
letters that nearly led up to the death
last week of a lumber company's man
ager, but to tne class who pose as legiti
mate "iociety." A few months ago the
jcouarlly method of attack was used
I against a very estimable young lady, and
j caused her considerable undeserved
I anguish with regard to the Deux Temps
j Club. Some time previous the same
method of creating unhappiness was
practiced, with a prominent financier for
the victim. Within the past two weeks,
however, an effort to hurt the feelings
and Btanding of an innocent schoolgirl
has been made, but because of the nobiliiy
of minu of all concerned, it has proved
futile.
The girl in question is attending one of
tbe most fashionable educational institu
tions in this city. Owing to one cf those
unhappy events which are co painfully
prevalent in modern society in a State
where divorce laws nre easy the young
lady is at present a ward of Mrs. PrescoU,
whose work on behalf of unhappy little
ones cannot be too highly commended.
Because of this lady's works on beliall of
all children needing more care than is ac
corded them by those responsible for
them an impression has pone forth that
there is a stigma attached to her large
family. This is cruelly false and the
young lady referred to is inferior in birth
or personal charms to none.
The anonymous letter-writer, however,
actuated by a motive worthy of a Macbia
ve;li, wrote to some of the parents ol the
pupils and tried to create trouble. The
result could not have been very satisfac
tory to the writer, for it led to inquiry
and gave a good opportunity to make
public the exact status of about fifieen
worthy young people for whom Mrs.
Prescott in her official capacity is re
sponsible.
One oi the parents written to is a man
known officially, professionally and as a
citizen all over this Stale and would ten
thousand times sooner strike down a
coward than be a {arty, however remote,
to an injury against nn innocent child,
and if he could find that letter-writer Mrs.
Prescott's wards would need no other de
lender.
The politicians have had a recount, and
it is to be hoped that they are satisfied
with the money they have thrown away.
The attempt to discover that fraud had
been committed in the interest of Mayor
Thomas was a most remarkable proceed-
ing from the very beginning. Although
some verj serious allegations were made
"on information and belief" nobody was
anxious to be known as the party who was
making the contest on behalf of Mr.
Davie. One individual did publicly
acknowledge that he had made a bijr bet
and that he would not pay it unless thoro
was a recount, but he did not pay the
expenses, and it is not at all likely that
Attorney Qeorre de Golia will proclaim
from the housetops who paid his fee.
But that is not the point of greatest in
terest at present. The experience of two
recounts held in less than two weeks has
been to prove that no fraud was com
mitted. It is a favorite cry to make in
modern politics, that corruption was re
sorted to to secure certain results. That
cry was raised two weeks ago and has
been effectively refuted and everybody
should know that politics in Oakland, so
far as an election count is concerned, is
absolutely pure. Out of nearly 10,000
votes cast for Mayor, & judicial recount
only made a difference of ten, and as
there were about thirty-four boards of
election officers, who were on duty from
twenty-four to twenty-eight hours, they
are entitled to an apology from those who
unjustly nialiened them.
Few men are more observant or broader
in their observations than theatrical man
agers, ami when they express an opinion
on current events their views are gen
erally correct. A few weeks ago Mark
Thall, the well-known Macdonough man
ager, left the East with n company trav
eling westward. After stopping at all tho
large cities of the South and Southwest he
arrived here Friday. He reports hearing
more of California than in any other
period during twenty-five years of active
theatrical life.
"I have traveled over this country for
the greater part of thirty years," said Mr.
Thall, "and I have never heard so much
interest expressed in California as I have
listened to since I left New Orleans. This
Christian Endeavor Convention that
meets in San Francisco in July is the
cause of it. Ln the hotels and the theaters
people are button-holing every Californinn
that comes along and wanting to know ali
about the State. It is really remaikable
and whenever there was a chance repor
ters would come to me and interview me
about San Francisco. They heard from
some one that I was an old-timer out here
and I had no peace.
"I think Ban Francisco will be sur
prised at the number of young peo
ple that will come here in July.
Thousands of them are not coming
out on a flying visit either, but intend
to take in the West while they are here.
You can rest assured that I told them they
would not see all California had to show
unless they visited Oakland, and I am
very glad there U to be a special Oakland
da*, because I sha'n't feel that I talked in
vain.
"i'eople should make no mistake In this
matter. It is a glorious opportunity to
teach these people something about this
State, and they are coming here willing to
be favorably impressed."
» Stcart W. Booth.
SHOT AT BLUE EOCKS.
Nauiusn Won In the Kinpire's Coast
Record Shoot. *
ALaMEDA, Cal., April 11.— It was
members' day at the sh.oot of the Reliance
Gun Club of Oakland, held to-day at the
Webster-street grounds. The four events,
the participants and the scores were the
following:
First event, preliminary shoot at 10 birds-
Trombone 10, Sunder 9, Olscn 8, Dusing and
Innalls 7 each; Overman, Biad.- and Newman
U each; Coffin 5, Tubbs 4, Umphred and
Young 2 each, Crane 1.
Second event. 20-bird shoot for Kellopfc
meiial, medal lo high gun in each match, 20
per cent ol entries to ttecoutl score and medal
to be won three times; handicap, one bird in
ensuing matcn for each time *»on— Medal won
to-day by Sands, being successive victories iv
two sbopts; Sands 19, Overman 18, Oiuon 17,
Trombone 16, Young 15, Pusing 14, Coffin 13,
Ingalls and Tubbs 11 each, Umphred and Mc-
Carty and Newman 10 each; Blake, Haight
and Thomas 9 each, McNear 5.
Third even , twenty-bird shooot for Heese
mnn cup, handicap as in second event, medal
to become i>roperty of shooter winning It
greater number of times during the season.
Won to-day by Sands; on previous shoot br
Trombone. Sands 18, Trombone 18, Olson 16
Dusing 13, Tubbs 12, Young and Blate 11
each, Ingalls and Overman 10 each, Coffin 7.
Fourth event, mprchaudise match, thirty
birds— Trombone 28, Sands 27, ir.galla and
Olson 21 each; Dusing, Blake and Tubbs 19
each, Young 18.
In the four events Trombone "broke"
109 out of 120 birds, which is "puny pood
shoottn'. "
The Empire Club had a shoot in the
morning and a filly-bird match in the
afternoon at Alameda Point. In the first
at twenty-five birds the scores were:
Andrus 22, Karney and King 21 each, Fos
ter 20, Anderson and Lehrke 18 each. Fisher
andSumner 17 each, "Mike" 16, Kerrison,
Huie, Palmer, Paul and C. Fisher 15 each,
Kicklefson 14, Klevesahl 13. Javette 12, Little
and Kause 9 each, Mears 6, Murry 4.
In the fifty-bird match for the coast rec
ord Naurnan won. In the first contest
Kinp was victor. Scores to-day.
Nauman 45, Tucker 42, Freadner 41, Deben
ham 40, Belten 38, Lehrke 37, C. Fisher and
Klevesahl 30 each, Andrus, Billtngton, King,
Beckhart 35 each, O. Fisher 34, Palmer and
"Mike" 3'J each, Chestnut 31, Kerrison 30,
Dunshee 29, Sears 26, Javette 24, Little 22.
The Golden Gate Gun Club had a prac
tice shoot for club scores at 20 blue rocks
at its grounds at Alanieda Junction.
Scores— Chesnut 17, Hunter H3 Tucker 14
Mitchell 12, Slade and Phillips 11 each, A.
Pliillil'S, A. Jos*ewki and Michelssen 9
each, Lewis, Hinder ana I'i-ani 8 each,
Jossewki 6.
A1;«m»«la Won by Nine Points.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 11.— The re
turn match given to Company F of tbe
MRS* KRIEGER, Who Declares That She Cannot Afford a Cent
for a Dress, Although Wealthy.
[Rtprodnctd from a photograph by Arthur Logan.]
Fifth Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, by
Company G of this city was won to-day
by the latter by nine points. Tbe match
waa between fifteen men of each com
pany. In the hrst match, on the 14tb of
;ast February, the total score was— G 553,
F546. The totals to-day were— G 501, F
552. The shooting was only fair. Tbe
Alameda boys are willing to give the Oak
landers another return match, to be shot
on their range at Shell Mound.
ST. PETER IN LUCK.
May Not Be Punished for Looting the
Treaiury.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 11.— John St.
Peter, the Pittsburg embezzler who is in
the city prison waiting for the detective
who will take him Hast, is a lucky man.
He will probab'y be released as soon as he
arrives at Pitisburjr. Tne Glass-blowers'
Association, whose funds St. Peter brought
west, is divined into factions, and St. Pe
ter's brother Pan! and his friends have the
upper hand. As tbe amount is only $600
Paul St. Peter will make it good and nis
brother may escape.
Althouch this programme has been ar
ranged St. Peter will go East on extradi
tion papers issued by Governor Budd and
at the expense of tbe btate of Pennsyl
vania.
LADY CYCLIST'S MISFORTUNE.
Broke a Ii«»g While Riding on the Res
ervoir Ro»d.
OAKLAND, Cal., Anril 11. -Mrs. M. B.
Moyer of this city was brought to the Re
ceiving Hospital to-day with her right leg
fractured below the knee.
Mr. and Mn. Moyer were cycling this
morning near the reservoir north of San
Leandro. The road ia bad for bicyles and
they were carefully pickine their way.
Mrs. Moyer ""truck a chuckhole and her
wheel twisted in such a manner thai her
right leg went between the wheels. Al
though only traveling slowly the shock
was sufficient to cause n fracture.
Dr. Siratton reduced tbe fracture and
the iaay was removea to her home at the
Windsor House.
, liuebail at St. Mary's.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 11.— campus
of St. Mary's College was the scene of an
exciting contest to-day, the second team
of the college contesting with the acade
mics representing St. Joseph's Academy.
At the end of the sixth inning the score
stood 6 to 5 in favor : of the collegians,
when the academics left the field. The
features of the game were the playing of
Flood and the battery work of Armijo
and Hastings and of the St. Marys, and
the playing of Craswell of the academics.
Whldden'a Indictments Stand.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 11.— It was de
cided by Judge Greene Saturday, that the
motion to set aside the indictment in the
case of County Auditor Myron Whidden
cannot be entertained. This ruling, &v
--plies to all the nine counts that were re
turned by the Grand Jury, and means
that the cases will have to go to trial un
less some other argument is brought for
ward that will indue* the court to change
its ruling.
Over the Boulevard.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 11.— Members
of the Merchants' Exchange went on an
excursion to-day over the route on wh'cii
it is proposed to construct a fine boule
vard. To carry out iheir plans it will be
necessary to build about three-quarters of
a mile of road, costing about $5000.
>o Verdict for TetitflU.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 11.— The jury
in tbe case of Prank Petitfils, charged with
murdering one Garrique of Livermore,
could not ngree and this morning they were
discharged by Judge Hall.
TO CDKE A COLO IN ONE DAT. '
Take lucrative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
siEts refund iJBv juuuc/ it U tails to euro. £50
DRESSES IN SACKS,
THOUGH WEALTHY
Peculiar Discovery of a
Man With a Camera
at Pinole.
Mrs. Krieger Was Once a Belle
Who Mixed With the
Giddy Throng.
Now She Digs Clams and On'y Wears
a Dress One Day in Each
Year.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broad way, April 11. >
While seeking interesting subjects for
his camera Arthur Logan of this city
found one to-day that probably cannot be
duplicated elsewhere in the country.
About two mies this side of Pinole he
found a lady of wealth, dressed in Backs
and rope and old shoes and stockingless,
end who used to be one of the best dressed
and handsomest women in the county —
but that wa9 years ago.
Mrs. Krieger is the wife of a prosperous,
hard-working rancher. His farm consists
of about 200 acres, and the horses are
strong and the cows are sleek. The ranch
houses are all typical of a successful
farmer and tbe farming implements are
modern and in good order. Kri> ger is a
very pleasant old man, and everything
indicates happiness and contentment till
Mrs. Krieger appears.
The lady does not seem to have, any
right to be on the place. She iB very
shrewd and economical and works as bard
as her husband, but she ia no longer a
belle.
Many years ago Mm. Krieger was fond
of dress, and when told by her husband
that such tastes were not proper, she at
once went to tbe other extreme, and has
not again changed her mind. Although
her check for $20,000 would be honored,
her entire costume would not be worth 10
cents. Sbe is now sixty years of age, and
believes she is too poor to buy anything
except the plainest of food. In the house
are some beautiful silk dresses, remnants
of former fashionable wardrobes, but only
one day in the year doea Mrs. Krieger ever
indulge in the vanity of wearing one.
Only once in each year does Mrs.
Krieger leave the ranch! and that is the
occasion oi her annual business triptoßan
Francisco. At this time sbe puts on her
Bilk dress and tine shoes. As soon as she
reaches Pinole station on the return trip
she takes off her shoes and lifts her silk
dress over her shoulders and plods home
for two miles barefooted.
Recently she went to a neighbor to bor
row somo spoons for the use of the help.
Her outfit consisted o! two old sacks, and
when working around the farm one of
these is oiten discurded. She frequently
goes to the beach to dig clams, and nobody
ever wades out further than she. Her
neighbors call ncr the "Old Indian," but
she iB a German and is very intelligent
but for the peculiar notion that she has no
money to spend for dress.
For thirty years the Kriegers have lived
on their ranch, and their only daughter is
married to a San Francisco druggist.
BERKELEY'S ELECTION.
A Very Heavy Vote Is Expected
in the College Town
To-day.
End of a Vigorous Cinvassof Candi
dates for Municipal
Officers-
BERKELEY, Cal., April 11.— All the
local parties have now completed their
campaign for the offices to be filled
to-day. Owing to the vigorous canvass
a large vote is expected and a lively elec
tion day will probably be theresuit.
The officers and polling-places will be as
follows:
First Ward— lnspectors, J. E. Rlncke, E. N.
Butheand; clerks, 11. A. Nelson, J. O. Hans
com ; judges, E. D Wheeler, W. B. Byrne; bal
lot clerks. F. H. Welch, E. J. Condon. Polling
place, Grand View HoteL
Second Ward— lnspectors, G. H. Chick, M. S.
Blanchard; clerks, F. H. Miller, Oscar Dornin;
judges, George Stutt, H. Valentine; ballot
clerks, G. W. Beattin, \V, Newman. Polling
place, Telegraph avenue, near Dwight way.
Third Ward— Precinct A— lnspectors, J. M.
Doyle. Joseph McClain; clerks, Clarence Mer
rill, E. H. Shaw; judges, John Schmidt, A. U.
Broad; ballot cierks, John Boyd, D. G. Mad
den. Polling place, Schmidt's office, Stanford
place.
Precinct B— lnspectors, P. Mills, W. H.
Auction Bales
BASCH AI'CTIW COMPIW Inc..
319-321 SUTTKK STKKEI,
Bet. Grant Aye. and Stockton St. Tele. Grant B7.
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
TO-DAY (3IOXDAY), April 12, 1897. at 11 a. m. ,
on premises. 1607 GULDEN OATB AVli.. near
Scott st.. I will 8-11 iha contents of th^' iibore B-
room flat, cousUting of bandsjme udd Parlor V p-
hols:er/, UooKcases, Destc, i. enter- table, Foldlm-
bed"'. Bedroom !-uits, Uenim and Adjustable
Clipper Couches, Wire aud Hair-top Maitres>e«,
Pillows, lilaukets. Bed Linen, Lace Curtails. Tor-
tiers, 1 C.o'.den Kule Sewinj-machine. 1 10 foot
•Oak Extension Table, with 12 Higu-back Chairs
to match, 1 No. 6 Hero Slove and 1 >'o 7 Ideal
.K&nge, wlih water back complete, Crocker.-,
Glassware, Agate aua Tinware: xlso 1 massive
Oak Hatrack, Japanese Hugs and lioibuty Car-
pets throuehout the house,
lerais cash. S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
Waste; clerics, A. W. Wells, L. Sarle; judgei,
Louis Javete, W. A. Young; ballot clerks.
Robert Thompson, John steedman. Polling
place, Barker & Hunter's office, Dwittht way.
Fourth WarU— lnspectors, T. L. Koch, C. E.
Boag; clerks, E. V. Gove, \V. T. Bowen; judges,
W. C. Bodectei. T. S. Carter; ballot clerks S.
Anderson, G. Bauer. Polling place, Shattuck
avenue, near Russell street.
Fifth Ward— inspectors, Thomas Stevenson,
P.Sheridan; clerks, M. B. Cole, H. T. Green
ougb; judpes, L. M. Bonner, L. Ridgers; bal
lot clerks, F. W. Jarvis, K. A. Brackutt. Poll-
Ing piacs, Alcatraz avenue.
Sixth Ward-Itispectors, P. Nickelmen, A.
Peterson; clerks, G. A. Schuster, D McLaueh
lin; judecs, A. Morn.", George Bailard; bnllot
clerks, Prltl Mey<.r, John Gazauego. Polling
piece, Sixth street and Bancroft way.
Seventh Ward— lnspectors, James Kelley,
ThouiasStoue; clerks, Thomas Wilson, William
Mu.hoManU; judges, Ea Brenttm, 11. Stein;
ballot clerks, Henry Pern, P.Monroe. Polling
place, Filth street «nU University avenue.
They Are fcafe
BERKLEY. Cal.. April 11.— The Non-
P.iriisans and the Independent Taxpayers
will be given a place on the official bal
lots at the municipal election to-morrow.
Judge Greenr decided last niaht that they
had come within tho requirements of the
law, notwithstanding the at'.emms of
Sam Fisher, a Populist, ot West Berkeley
to ke-p them off the ticket on a legal tech
nica ity. The Judge overruled the objec
tion brought ngainst them and atated that
Clerk Hanscoru had been right in printing
Iheir names on the ballots.
The Populists as a Party say they did
not .uphold Fisher in his attempt to over
throw Ihe Non-Partisans and the Tax
payers, and on Friday night passed reso
lutions denying that they were in sym
pathy with the movement instituted by
FisLer. This morning the streets were
scattered with dodgers bearing the follow
ing significant siatemeut:
The object of this circular is to present be
fore you the mean, contemptible, degraded
attempt on the part oi some parly or parti' s
to do\vn the Non-partisan af;d independent
Taxpayers' parties. Suit has been brougnt to
restrain trie names of the Non-partisans from
appearing on the ballot. The Republicans
deny all connection with the affair, as do the
Populists also, although the suit was brougnt
in the name ef the Populists by a Populist.
Now, fair-minded voter, jud^e for yourseli and
down whoever is backing this underhanded
disgracelul intrigue, as it is no other than our
enemies. Either Republicanism is swnliowed
up by Populism or Populism by Republican
ism, and they both should be boycotted and
bossism killed.
TO HELP POOR STUDENTS.
Professor Rising's Plan to Help Those
in Need.
BERKELEY. Cat*. April 11.— Professor
Wiilard B. Rising, president of the
Students' Aid Society, wants to see a
dormitory system established at the Stale
University for the benefit of the needy
collegians who are now cooking their own
meals and making their own beds.
He has called a meeting of the society
for to-morrow evening, at which he will
present a plan for a long building, to be
converted into a boarding-house or com
mons for the seventy young men who are
now doing their own housework.
He believes that if they all clubbed to
gether and employed two or three cooks
they could live almost as cheaply as at
present and would not have to suffer the
hardship of existing on two unwholesome
meals a day, as many of them at present
are doing.
There is some talk of securing several of
the university cottages which were pri
marily intended for student use, but
which have of late years been rented to
members of the university corps and
others.
According to the statistical report re
cently issued by the Aid Society a large
number of young men are living on from
$5 to $12 a month. The sixty-eight schol
arships which have recently been en
dowed will yield $125 a year each, or $12 50
a month for the college year. It is be
lieved that this amount, added to the
present income of the self-sustaining
students, will do much toward alleviating
their straitened circumstances.
CAME TO SAY FAREWELL.
Mile. Aimee Pascal Sings Only
Once at the California
Theater.
End of the Season With Ovations for
tba Artists— Last N.gh.t's
Farewell.
The handsome Aimee Pascal, who has
been held in reserve during tho whole opera
season, was ailowe.l Saturday night, at
the final performance of the regular
season, to make her first and, for the pres
ent at least, her last bow to a San Fran
cisco audience.
It was a very little chance that the
beauty of the troupe was given. She
played Selika in the second act of "L'Afri
caine," i> role in which the now popular
Mine. Foedor won absolutely no applause
on the opening night of the season. The
beauty had to disguise her good looks be
neath the dusky skin and hideous cos
tume of the African, but even hampered
thus people compared her to Maxlne
Elliott on account of her fine, command
ing figure, her nandsorne profile and flash
ing eyes and teeth.
Selika's music in the second act of
"L'Africaine" is of a weird and barbaric
description which appeals little to the
popular ear, though it has charms of its
own. Hannereti both by maKe-up and
score, Pascal succeeded in making a very
favorable impression. She has a full,
round, dramatic soprano voice of even
quality. A slight tendency to faulty in
tonation was probably the result of ner
vousness.
At the conclusion of the second act of
"L'Africaine" the six principals were called
repeatedly to the footlights. This was part
ly no doubt to show appreciation for Mile.
Pascal and partly as an adieu to Albers,
who had sung the role of Nelusko splen
didly, and who was appearing for the last
time.
The evening bill opened with the third
act of "La Favorita," lime. Fremeau-
Benati singing the title role. This act
gave her an opportunity of singing the
mezzo-soprano's grand aria, "O Mio Fer
nando." In the adagio movement her
voice showed signs of wear, but she sang
tne bravura movement brilliantly. Mas
sart did as good work as he has done this
season in the role of the tricked and duped
Fernando; in fact, he has never acted so
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Ih« f»6- . i.->y. ".;'■. - ■ '-_
r ilsiils . v*3K •"■ s/ifj> „ *&« '
STOR\«K SUE.
Notice ti hereby given that on MONDAY, April
la, 1897, at 10 a. M., l win sell to pay storage
Charges and advances the goods marked as fol-
low*: Lot 543, Cooney vs. Symes; 586. Hirch &
Hicks vs. Wood* & Woods: 634, Qjilmai vs.
Atchinson: i 86. blrvcles:-649, Bea -lil ys L«"h-
nan: t6B, Kaner vs. Donough & Ryan; 721, Mu.i-
son vs. Barrett; 78, Baker vj Va.iUeicock; 762,
orundell vs. Kuhl.
. In warehouse at 211 Larki:i st.
. J. McMillan.
_ L. H. BUHD, Auctioneer,
AUCTION SALE,
THURSDAY, April 15, 1887, at 11 O'clock, at
the -New York stable, 607 Jessie street. 20 head
Horses; 15 BugKles. open and top; Single aua
Double Harness: 1 Kocknwav. Must be sold wlth-
tit reserve or limit. M. J. Me BRIDE, Auctioneer.
well ns when he broke bis sword in two
and flung the King's gilts back at his feet.
Albers gave a splendid performance of tho
King. The choruses were, as usual, un
satisfactory.
"La Nsvarrai-e" was repeated with ap
plause lor Mrue. Foedor, and the even
ing's bill closed with the "Walpurjtia
Ni>:ht" ballet from "Fausr." During the
evening the orchestra giive Mascagni's
ever-popular "Inte- mezzo" and the over
ture to 'William Teil," whicli brought li.
Nicasias in for a share of ihe applause.
•'Carmen,'' Saturday afternoon, was not
up 10 the standard of the company. It was
played, ns it wa* first produced, as oi>era
nomiqoe, bat, alt' ouch aided hy spoken
dialogue, _Mme. Savine was neiitier nble
to sing nor act the title role, and the only
redeemin? features were the nct;ng and
singing of Albert as Escamillo, the Mich
aela of Mme. Bert he!, ana the acting of
Deo as Don Jose.
"La Traviafa" was given at popular
prices iast night a u a supplementary per
formance, Mme. Berthet and M. Deo be
ing the only well-known members of the
company on the bill. The Jarge audience
showed plenty of appreciation for the
work of the performers. A grand ballet,
"The Spring Fete,' 1 was given in addition
to the opera.
To-day tho entire company leaves for
the City of Mexico to give a season at the
National Theater.
AL BAKER IS DEAD.
He Was a Familiar l'i e ure of the « ity'g
Karly Days
After an illness of three months, during
which time he was confined to St. Luke's
Hospital, Alfred W. Baker died there yes
terday morning.
The decease*! was a pioneer of the City,
and came here from Illinois about 1851.
He wa<» a son of Colonel E. D. Baker, who
was killed in the Civil War.
He was widely known here in early
days, and made hosts ol friends by his
penial manners and jovial wave. He was
a. fast friend of Thomas Maguire, the the
atrical man, and the two were frequently
seen together.
Al Baker, as he was familiarly known,
was an eccentric bachelor. He was a
little over 60 years of age when ho died,
but his friends say that up to his break
down last fall he was so energetic and so
full of life and gayety they considered
nim as young as most men of 35.
He was for thirty years a clerk in the
United States Custom-house.
Persistent dyspepsia caused the first
breakdown of his health and spirits, and
he tzratiually became unwilling to take
sutticient nourishment to sustain his
strength.
His sister, Mrs. Caroline Baker Stephens
of Seattle, has been telegraphed for, and
no funeral arrangements will be made till
her arrival.
He has one other sister, Mrs. Lucy Hop
kins, who is supposed to be in Seattle.
He left an estate in cash, and his affairs
are in charee of his friend T. W. Scott of
the Custom-house.
JfEW TO-DAT.
rS OvHr JMTmtiP dSnfi' <^''
i ghirardelli's I
1 Ground Chocolate 1
;k :. — . i
% There's health in the cup %
* which contains Ghirardelli s $
is Ground Chocolate— nourish- <ft
% ment and vigor for the im- %
|j> poverished system. And it is %
* besides, a delicious drink* &
$! And there's economy too, in $
* buying; the new five pound tins %
its of this chocolate— sJ*2s. One to
% pound tins 30 cents*. \ X
* All Grocers. %
Aft - tS
The Sparkling Specific
Tarrant's Effervescent Seltzer Aperient V
assists nature to restore regular action of the
stomach and bowels. It aids digestion, removes
accumulations, prevents and cures headaches,
makes the breath sweet and the blood pure.
The most delicious of saline draughts.
. Sold by Druggists for 50 years.
STRONG HG1 e ßk
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop : forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rueged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. ,V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago.
- />3K ** r *^ i^ lt)On 's Dispensary,
AQ&WI V^Sr?, KAKXX ST - ' -Established
Sk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|«2r>Kt: AB j; TKT> Established
m in IKS.4 for the treatment of Private
BLfclWjSSg DJIWII, Lost Manhood. lability or
tmßEin i!! s a><e writ ring oti bodyand mind and
VSSC3(TkSh -Skin Diseases. The doetoreures when
* ■ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
. H<ui«»cuai»iiiecd. Call or writ*
Dr. J. r. oliiUQy. Box lU37.SaaFraaclw«»
78
SUICIDE IS FUTILE.
l»r. Griffiths Argues That the Self-De
stroyer Does Not Escape From
Ills.
Dr. Allen Griffiths lectured before the
Ban Francisco branch of the Theoiophical
Society at Academy of Sciences Hall last
evening. His theme was "Suicide."
"The suicide not only does not escape
from ills which flash is heir to," he said,
"but failing in that also rushes into other
Ills of which it previously knew nothing.
Heaven and hell are only states of con
sciousness, not localities, and I believe the
soul does not leave this earth when it
leaves the body. Certainly not when the
suicidal act frees it for the time from the
body. 1 '
The speaker argued that instead of capi
tal punishment, which only releases the
soul from the body to continue its evil
propensities, the prisoner should be re
strained amid such influences as to de
velop the better and depress the worse
parts of bis nature.
HOTEL AEfLIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
D E Thompson, s Lake M Donohoe &w, Mont
\V W Chapiu, Sacto A B West. Stanford
W W Robenson, C«t William Woods. Dakota
F A Carter, lud F c 11 owe. Boston
W Matson <fc f . Bradford C c Molvin & d. Bradford
1. E Hamsher Aw.Brdfd B H Collins, Stanford
R M Collins. Stanford W II Crawforl it «r, N V
X Falck, Haruburg Mrs F W Huny, st I'aul
Mrs O C M acklett, M;nn Mrs Q H Partridge, •_> eh
M r.s H E Partndge.Minn «fc md, Minn
r s M«coniber. Cal Mrs B'.aKlstnn * •-' eh, Cal
Miss Scott, Cal C A Webster ' okiu
G B Swayne. N V H Mutsu, N V
F It Ogle, London a Ura.it, Philadelphia
X P Hogers. Portland F W Hawler. N V
A Nichols, Brookivn T A Graham, Tacoma
J X Bow. en A- w, ill L J Healing it \v, Japan
( B Brown. Japan X B Koosevelt. N V
Miss Fonescue. X V Miss sway ne, Cal
B Hyman, N V Mrs G Kockiiell. S V
Mi>s N Denman, Cal Peter Fries. Rock Island
Miss Wentworth, 111 Miss Wentworin, 111
M Mt'.vlH-ry, Cal C F Qumcy. Chicago
G J Brine, Chicago A Publow. N V
J Mohr. Chicaso Miss Anderson, Chicago
V Laugley, England E II Maura, Boston
J D iinlisod. Boston W B Buckueisler, Mags
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss M Dolling, Angels G T Kiuney, I os Ang
A D Gill, Dun-muir M I. llewett, Butte City
R I'uitiingham, Chicago J G Jones. Sacto
M X Cady, socoma R ■ ff-y, Santa iruz
L Morton, Oakland E H Rose, San Kerdino
A G Mason, >-an Uiego J W Rowen. Los Ang
M Wailace, Madera FS Kice, Massachusetts
W N Potter. Masschusts J Carpenter, w <t eh, Cal
M 0 C oveland. Tucson J B Darwick, London
W B Harrison, >toc*tn M Graham. Stockton
L G Li u'.7Jnhl/.er, Denvr Mrs E Farmiugion, Cal
Jl Bor inger, Loc^wood 11 W Schmi li, Chicago
Mi>s schmiat, Chicago G F Schmidt, Chicago
A R Duulap, Cal A W steiuh;.rt, Sn LObis
P H Morse, Sn L Obispo Miss H Morse, Sn L Obis
.Miss C Morse, Sn L Obis G M Foo'.e, Ilollister
P M i onelln, Fresno Mrs iirownlng, San Jose
F H Krebs, H A LO-tan, Willows
R A long. Willows T A McKlnnon, Chicago
Mrs McX n::on, Chicago Misb McKinnon, Chicago
Tom Franks, Los Ane II B Greeu, Los Ang
LICK House.
J D Mankin, DC Mr&MrsJ Hobbins, Bta
nr F L Wright & f, Cal Clara
A Daggeit. Vlsalia Mrs EC J Martin, Cal
W R cambers, s Rosa, W Keeli k, Boston
W H 1 avmond, Cal J R Webb. Fresuo
E P Ackerman, L Ang Mrs L M !>onald. Ca!
J G Cohn, Marysville Mrs J W Weinberg, Cal
T C Reavis. Salinas Mrs E L 1- ishman, Ked-
W H Hatton, Modesto wood City
H C Van Ness, N J Jud-e C H Gottschalk <£
J Moran, Cat fam, San Andr-as
Dt M M Rosa L J Matthews <t w, L, A
R W Lemme <t w,ss H J Simpson, Eureka
il P Bennett, Placervl W D Houston, Chico
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R I Oev, Santa Cruz J W Knox, Merced
V Biddle, Hanford M Ellis, Oakland
J Sherritt, Truckee G L Roberts, Uuffa.o
T A Lyon, nacto M Gilbert, Modesto
W G Drown AngCamp O R Gleason New York
J R Osmon A wf. Texas ABC Dowdell, St Helen
T s Keever, Ogden M P siein <fc wf, Stockn
J M I-.ldridge, Rochester E Wilson, New Yor*
F Jones, New York H Johnson, New Jersey
F illlton, Chicago T A Wallace, Chicago
Miss Miller. Sacio I' Bium, Fresno
II Carter, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J X Irvln & fm, Chicago Jotin Wilson. Mass
J Dooly. Beiiicia M .McDonald, Pescadoro
C L Grigg, ilornitos J Stark, sutter
X Johnso.-i, Sacto J E Peters, N V
H E Eudy. New York C E Bunion. N V
J Harris. Beooklyn T Gray, Lear
F Murray <fe w. San Jose
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Calt^
710 Market street, ©pen until 12 o'clock every
eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I. ark in street: open until 9:30 o'clock,
S\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1:05 Folk street; open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
E£3s=» SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER m
***' >jo. 1. Royal Arch Masons, meets 4%
'1 HIS EVENING for degrees. Vy
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. f^r\
or-3p OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. m
Ib^^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS fik
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. If Jf
First degree. By order of the W. M. /V>
EDW. F. DELGER. Secretary.
JK3p KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. ■
»-»' 260, F. <fe A. M., corner Geary and A
;-teiner sis.— Called meeting THIS (MO.N'-k Jf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second/N^
degree. By order of the Mas: er.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
KS» THE GRAND COUNCIL OF CALIFOR-
Bb-*^ nla, Order of Chosen Friends, will convene
In Memorial Hall Odd Fellows' building, TUES-
DAY, April 13, at 10 A. it sharp.
a C. WALLIS, Grand Recorder.
(jp^S 3 OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF m
tt-* 7 South San Francisco Lodge No 212, £&
F. and A. M., are hereby notified to :\«sern- jf
be at their hall on TUKSDAY at 12 m. for/^r^
the purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, ROBERT STEWART. By order of
the W. M. E. C HaRE, sec.
WPS> KNIGHTS OF TARA PICNIC COM-
m*& mlltee will meet next 'I'UISD AY EVEN-
ING at 8:30 o'clock to make final arrangements for
their reunion to be held in schuetzen Park, San
Rafael. Sunday, April 25. Half proceeds for Irish
Hall Association.
K^S=* ANNUAL MEETING — NOTICE IS
»-*' hereby given that the tenth annual meeting
of the stockholders of the lialian->w ss Mum
Loan Association w il be held at the office of the
corporation, .No, 518 Montgomery at-, corner «f
Commercial, on WEDNESDAY, April 14, 1897.
at 7:iO lock p. m., for the purpose of electing
directors lor the ensuing year, presentation of the
tenth annual report and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Books are now open tor subscription to 1000
shares of stock of the eleventh series. Loans
made in San Francisco and ..i»ni<la counties
only. Interest, 6 per cent per annum free of mort-
gage taxes. Premium, 20 per cent gross, or 50
cents per share installments at pleasure of bor-
rower, which amounts to $12 50 per mouth for
each $1000 net cash received by the borrower
this sum paying both principal and interest'
Loans may be repaid at any time d aired. Order
of the Board of Directors. A. SKA RBuKO. PC .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WPS' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4
m~& collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont try Rt.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
WP25* DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE NEVADA
»**' Bank of San Francisco— Board of Direc-
tors of this bunt have declared a dividend (No. 20)
for the quarter ending March. 31. at the rate of
six (6) per cent per annum payable on and after
April 15. Transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 16th lnsU, both days inclusive.
D. K. DAVIDSON, Secretary,
san Francisco, April 9, 1897. J
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
•EASTERN WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
_Fj good cook and laundress or housework: refer-
ences: competent baby nurse wants position; also
Protestants.. 103 Eighth st. ..
OM PETE NT ENGLISH -.COOK FROM THK
_ Kast: nice laundress and bakertkind tochildren:
moderate, wages; city or country; wages $15 o
$20; country preierrea. 1024 Howard, room 23.
SITUATION WANTED BY RESPECTABLE
worn an to take care of children and do light
h<usework; best of reference. Apply 428 Clem-
entina st
■VTEW ENGLAND WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
-L> tion to do general house. : good cook-, city
or country; moderate wages, 367 Jessie, nr. 6th.
ITUATION WANTED BY V 'UNO GIRL
O to take care of children and assls 1 in general
housework. Apply 108 Linden aye.,- oil Franklin.
K EXPECTABLE WOMAN WANT* HOUSE
Xt work by the day. 13 Himmelman su. be
tueen Pacific a..d Broadway. Mason and Taylor.
-yiXPERIENCED WOMAN IN IiOTKL WORK.
-Hi as chambermaid or kitchen or laundry. 737
Howard, room 25.
pESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
XV work In private family; wages $20. Please
caU At 646 Jessie eU, near Seventh.
SJTTTATIONS WANTEn-Cnnttrni**.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
situation to work; city or country is a good
coox and k very good laundress; moderate wages.
Apply 11)00 Washington st., cor. Powell.
(IERMAN WOMAN DK<l:tK3 WORK BY
VT the day call after 3. 546V a Natoma si.
yOUNG SWEDISH GIRL: FIRST-CLASS
-I- waitress; wants place as second girl; good city
references. E. J., box 14, Call Office.
"UrOULDLIKE POSITION WITH LADY AS
»« nurse; one going" to : seashore or springs or
travel. Addres* 1640 Sacramento st.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WANTS SITUATION
taking care of children: city or country; wages
$10. Call at 5 Russell st . near Union, oft Hyde.
"Position wanted by. superior IN-
X fauts' nurse or would do chamber-work and
care for grown children: first-class city reference.
Address 719 Va Bush st.
1 1' LA I lON wanted for NEAT
Protestant English woman to do cooking and
housework for some family or on 1 farm In the
country. Leave orders <vlih J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutler St.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS SITUA-
O tlon in some private family; shoit distance
in the country. Ayply to J. F. CROSETT <t CO.,
;-ilti Sutler st.
ANTED— A POSITION BY AN EXPERl-
enced Indies' uur*e to travel by sea with some
captain's wife; would like to go to Europe. Ad-
dress 715 Webster.
yoUSQ WIDOW DESIRES POSITION' AS
X housekeeper. Apply 120 a Eddy St., room 7.
yOUSG ENGLISH LADY DESIRr-.S POSI-
J. tlon as teacher in institution or private family;
train.-. l kindergartner; trench, English, drawing
and palming; best of references. Address 16 Fair
Oaks si.
THOROUGHLY COM PETENT MIDDLE- Ell
A American woman with best of references would
like a position as housekeeper; city or country.
Please call or address 4-3 Ellis, near Leavenworth.
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY
in store or as nurse for young cnildreu. Call or
address 5,<4 l /2 Jessie si.
STYLisH DhESSMAKKR WISHES A FEW
more encasements by the day in family; good
cutter and fitter. 1 1 *Va Welch si. , i.ear Fouith.
bet. Bryant and Brauuan.
IADY NE. WORK A FEW HOURS EACH
1j day; wri ins or correspondence ; housework or
care children, or care invalid. Address Ameilcan,
box 134, Call Office.
weuis'h lady WISHES situation
O as working tiousekeeper for Swedish or Amer-
ican gentleman, .iliis. SPENCER, 1321 Park sl,
A lamed a.
V MOTHER WI 111 DAUGHTER OF 20
BY MOTHER WIIH DAUGHTER OF 20
years; situation as housek. tier; just from Eng-
land; city or coutitry; prefer coun.ry. AuUress C.
JK.N KINs, North Temescal, Cal
"\\riDOW WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
-11 k- eper, or will do plain sowing. Call b'.'l
.Mission St., room 6.
yOUNO GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X as housekeeper lniwidower's household. K. 1,
106 Fourth.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIA-
■A. ble disposition desires a position as typewriter
or copyist. I-01/2 Geary st., room 2, lirst 11 or.
yOUNO EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
Jl wants a permanent position as housekeeper in
lodging-house or wiuower's home. Room 3, 995
Market at.
X\f ANTED— SITUATION BY AN EASTERN
ii widow, with a child 6 years old, as house-
keeper or general housework: good plain cook:
country preferred: good reierence given. Address
S. E., box 75, Call Office.
yoi'X LADY, FORMERLY IN <;O 'D CIR-
A eumstances, desire* to secure a place as house-
keeper in hotel, bachelor's or widower's home;
will do plain sewing. Km 11, .23 Posts!., M floor
nCQi; MISSION — SUUSCRIPTIONd AND
— O—.\> want ads taken for THE CALL.
V'OUNG^WOMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
I tlon as housekeeper. Call or address House-
keeper, room 42, 775 Mission st.
yorxu woman would LIKE care OF
JL children with upstairs work. 616 Thirds...
Oakland.
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY, STKANUKR.
-1- sires to secure a housekeeper's place in hotel,
bachelor's < widower's home; city or country.
Rooms '1 and 3, 2123 Post su
EXPERIENCED A>D PRACTICAL YOUNG
X-i lady desires a position as typewriter and ste- 1
nographer; city or country. Rooms Sand 4, 3U9
Sutler St.
KEF IN ED ACCOMPLJSHED YOUNG
French widow desires a place as housekeeper
or companion. Room •_", 1-2 Poit st.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
II The Call are taken at Branch office, touih-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission as.
Cl C LA RKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulw CALL; .subscriptions an ! want adj taken.
yol'XG LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place; good disposition: prefers
lodglug-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 123 Post at.
({] Z. LA KKi.N— BKANCH OFFICE OF THE
UIU CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
you.\G Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
bousekeeoer in hotel, widower's or bachelor's
home: will do pi (in sewing. 1122 MurKer, riu. 31.
I ♦ 1 C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Olt> call. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
T3XPERIENCKD HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
Sli liKe a position in widower's or bachelor's hou<e-
hold; country preferred. Apply b8 Ninth su,
room 17; call after li a.m.
COMPETENT LADY WISHES SITUATION
\j as housekeeper for parties while gone to the
country. Call 2636% Suiter st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MIS
si on: branch office of In a Calx. butc
tcriptions arid want ads taken.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»V Market: 200 rooms -_'&c io $150 per nigni.
(1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable.
free bus and baggage to and from '.be ferry.
PREPOSSESSING YOUNG LADY OK J-.XPE-
-L rience desires a place as typewriter. Apply
room 5, SCO Market St., first floor.
VEAT GERMAN GIRI. WANT * SITUATION
xi good cook and laundress: country preferred.
Address N. W., box 101 Call office.
f'-l c LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OK THK
Uli) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ERMAN UIHL WISHKs SITUATION AS
\J chambermaid; city or country. Call or ad
dress A. D , 114 Fourth St.. room 31.
QUBSCHIPTIONS AND \\ ANT ADS FOR THE
O Cam. taken at brancn office, 33!* Hayes H>;
open uiu i 9:3') o'clock. ,
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
/CHINESE <fe JA PA* FSE; EbT'D 20 YKARsT
V7help;teLmaln 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay
VIRST-CLASSOEKMAN 'BUTLER, WITH 12
F years' references from one family, desires a
situation; understands valet wo k also. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT it CO.; 316 Sutter sU
VI AN AND WIFE DESIRE A SITUATION
li in the country; man good gardener, ' etc. ;
woman is good cook and housekeeper. Apply
MRS. Da DA MI, 313 Sutter si. lei. red 2713.
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPtNKSK EM-
ploy men; office. 511 Vi Bush si., nr. Grant aye.
HUN 1 ER <t CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614 Va Calif or
nia su, near Kearny.' lei. main 231.
JAPANESE INTICLLIGKNCiE AGENCY. R.
*) 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy si., tel .Main 5234.
/CHINESE AND JAPa.NESIC EMPLOYMENT
CHINESK AND JAPaNKSK EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 411 O'KarrelL Tel. b.. 426.
AS BARKKEPKR (EXPERIENCED) BY A
.^i- respectable middle-aged single man with the
best of recommendations: town or country. Bar-
keeper. 681 Mission st., room 36.
p ARDEN PRaC TIC AL IN ALL BRANUH-
vJ es. desires a position on private p. ace: can
milk and cure for hordes; . references. ■ Address
H. M., box 49. Call.
COOK WANTS SITUATION, FIRST-CLASS,
in hotel or restaurant; good meat-cutler and
baker. 618 Eugene aye., cor. WooL .
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"l Call: want ads and sobscriptlons taiceo. '
OUNG MAN (SPEAKS FRENCH AND
X Kngilsh) wishes position as clerk in a stora or
office: will furnish references.' Address J. DON-
DERE. 618 Bush St.
YOUNG MAN DESIRES EMPLOYMENT OF
X any kind; Is a competent stenographer and
bookkeeper: Is honest, industrious and not afraid
of work.; good penman; firs -class references
given. Address JOHN T. KLIN, Santa Rosa.
VALET-BY '- A THOROUGHLY EXPKRl-
enced man; accustomed to shave and travel:
first-class references from . some of the leading
gentlemen in New York City: ■ Scotch; age 3£
Address O. .'... box 72, Call Office.
ENGINKER: BEST OF REFERENCES; CAN
"XJ set up, repair and Keep la running order any
sawmill or woodworking machinery or can run
hoists or pumrs. If you want him address K. E..
box 88, Call Office.
pOACHM AN, -WANTS SITUATION; FIRST-
Vj class horseman; go d gardener: care of cows,
poultry, etc.; best references. Address C. W.,
box 130, CalL
/^"I C LAKKIN— OFFICE OF THE
Ui CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HORTICULTURIST AND ORcHARDIST OF
XX long experience In orchard work wishes a situ-
ation. ■ Address is. 8, , box 71, this offices.
THE SAN FRAyCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Contlnnnd. ,
pEXTLKMAS, 36, UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
u lion, sp-»king 5 languages well, desires posi-
tion as manager, Instructor or companion in nri-
vate family: salary la-it Question: excellent refer-
ences. Please address S. P. STERN AU, 814 Lar-
kin su
■pECENT GRADUATE OF THE UNIVERSITY
XX of Berlin, a native o' Hanover, Germany, tie-
sires position in school or family as tutor of the
classics; German, French, gymnastics and otner
branches. Address REV. CHAS. W. WEM)T,
1171 Alice st., Oakland, for further Information.
WANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, A
»» situation as cook on a ranch: good bread-
maker. Please address, stating wfcges, MR. C,
box 80. Call Office.
"LIRST-CLASB CAKE BAKER: CITY OR
J country. (ibO, HUBKR, bYs Moss sk
RKT.TABT.B, STEADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
Ji tion around private place; city or country; to
take care of horses and bugs;y and make himself
generally useful: ii a fair gardener and is handy
with tools. H., box 75, Call office.
SOBER MIDDLE-AGED MAN, STRONG,
willing, wants work in private family: used to
horses, e-ardenlng an' cooking; reference: wages
no object. Adlress T. H., corner First «nd Web-
ster sis.. Oakland.
piANO-PLAYER, FIRST CLASS, GERMAN,
X wants engagement: will assist behind the bar.
A. l:., box 161, ' all office.
COW MONTGOMERY CORNER OF CLAY—
•>— 1 Open until 9:3U o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, IH7 NINTH
-L) tl — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
I>Y MAN, AGE 37 YEARS, SINGLE, POSI-
••* lion in general merchandise store In country:
experience and rfcoinruenclations: capable of
keeping books: speaks different languages. Ad-
dress C. X., box 58, Call Office.
TNDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN;
A- handy man with musical instruments, fair bar-
ber, good gardener aud all round handy man; with
best of reference; prefer springs or rummer resort;
city or Oakland: fair waces. I., box SS. Call.
• )QQ HAVES ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
• /'•-•' 'liih. Call; BUbacriuiioui and waul bds
taken.
FKJIALK HKLP WAKTED,
ANTED— HEAD WAITKBSfiL »30: GER-
-11 ma a and senndinaviau cooks, $20 and ♦25;
German nurse aid secon I girl, $20; French nurse
for the'-ountry, J2O: 2 tirsi-cla-s cooks, short dis-
lance, $30; restaurant waitress, 86 a week; laun-
dress. «25. Apply to J, F. CROSETT it CO., 316
suiter st.
OOK, GERMAN STYLE, $30 AND ROOM;
V/ pastry coo*: city cook, mining camp, $20,
etc cook, city, $6 a week; waitress, country, $20
and room; waitress, $5 a week and room: 2 wait-
resses, ■■*:> a week and room; 3 girls assist waiting,
$12 and room; cook, $5 a week and room; young
girl as waitress, $3 50 a week: lunch waitress, 60
cents. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market su
GIRLS FOR TYPE-SETTING; GIRL, WAL-
— ler si., .■! 15: girl, Lacuna, $15; girl, Pacific St.,
$15; girl, Uevisadero, $15: girl, country home,
$15; girl. Larkin $12; girl, Ashbur/ St., $15;
girl. Scott St., cl. >; girl, Lngui.a, $17: glr , Pine,
$15: girl. Kern County; girl, Berkeley, $15: girl.
Gear--, $15: cirl, .Masonic are., $15. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
9fi TO 25 YOUNG GIRLs TO ASSIST IN NICE
—v/ families, $8, $10 and $12 per month; nurse-
girls, etc. MaR iIN & CO., 74t» Market st.
HEAD waitress, $K0 AND ROOM: HEAD
waitress. $26 and room. MaRTIN & CO.,
74 . • -Market st.
/ ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, FAMILY OF
'» 3, San Ratal, $20. MARiIN Jt Co., 749
Market St.
COOK, $20: NO HOUSEWORK. MARTIN <t
\J CO., '.49 Market st.
C GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, CITY, *a 5;
T nice family. MARTIN & CO., 749 Marlet.
GERMAN OR SWiDIsII GIRL FAMILY 3,
VJ $25. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mantel
GIRL IN FAMILY OF 2, #20. MARTIN <t
CO., 749 Market st.
-i cy IT ICE WAITRESSES for re-ort ho-
-I*. Tel for May 1. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
p. ERMAN OR SWEDISH G:RL; FILLMORE;
VJ $20. MARTIN & CO, 749 MarKet st.
WAITRESS,- COUNTRY HOTEL, $20 ; 2
waitrcsii-s, city restaurant, fit and moui;
waitress city bole!, $12; 2 cooks, boardlUß-bonse,
$20: dishwasher in hotel near city, $lft: 2 cook v ,
private family, $25; German girl, housework, < Ity,
$25: 10 girls, housework, city, «15 and $-0: com-
panion for lady, city, $12: waitress, coffee parlor,
city, $3 50 aud room. C. R. UANstN Jc CO., 110
Geary st.
A\' AM ED— COOK, BuaKD!N<;-HOUM-:, <W;
»' 3 French girls, $-20 nnd $16: cook for r -stiiu-
rant, 16« week: girl for country, $15; German
cook, $3.'.; Frerii h laundress, $25. LEuN
ANDRE. 308 Stockton st.
IIKsT-CLASS ROAHDING-HOUS' COOK,
r city, *30: boarding-house cook, country, $3",
fare paid waitress, small boarding-bouse, Pulo
Alto, 44 50 week: houseglrl. Berkeley. $.'O: So-
noma, -f'-'U: 4 cooks, city. American lamilles. $25;
6 ■-wedlsh h'.u.sejjlrls, $20 to $J5. MUS. G. NOlt-
l'ON, 315 >uuerst.
O COOKS, $30 AND «25: SECOND GIRL, $25:
— ■ 2 nurses, S'2b and $20: 15 housework girl*,
city and country, $20 and $25; 8 young girls, as-
sist, 510 to *15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 2 IN FAMILY,
XX $25; girl, 3 in family. *i'o; 2 cooks, $25 ami
?30: wai;reas 825; and others. MRS. lUKD, 721
Ellis st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20. R. T.
>> WARD A, Co., 610 Clay St.
ArOUNG GIRLTO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work and care of children; Swedish girl pre-
ferred. Apply 2901 Bush at. •
Air ANT D - MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
»i hc|usekeeplng. 226 Dore si., bet. Ninth and
Tenth.
4 PPRKNTICE WANTED ON CUSTOM
/V rout 1 .: paid while learning. Room 36, - ouo-
hoe Building.
YOUNG GIRL ASSIST LIUUT HUSK-
X work. 34 Fair Oaks St.. near Twenty-second.
■y OUNG GIRLTO ASSIST IX LIGHT HOU>E-
X work: wages $10. 710 Cole su. near Chutes.
"I*,' ANTED- TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
" work at 1406 Valencia st,
■V7-OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; small family. 1534 Ellis
W' ANTED— YOUNG GIRL ON COATS. 620
• » Kearny st., room 1, first floor.
AILORtSS ON COATS; STEADY JOB. AD-
dress I C, box 89, Call Office.
WANTED— A GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
»» work. 1511 Post st.
I X ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
v housework: no cooking. 1417 Geary sU
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND BABY.
.916 JPkrce
\VTAISTUANI)S AND IMPROVERS WANTED
TT at 404 Larkin si.
GIRLTO TAKE CARE OF BABY AND AS
VJT si.-a in housework. 1719 Hayes st»
GIRL TO DO DOWNSTAIRS WORK AND
cooking; wages $20. 740 Castro si.
URBAXU girl wanted, 1610 a califor-
JIJ nia street. ■
fJIAILORES-^ON CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
X buttonholes: good wages. 140 Russ bt., in rear.
GlltL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 100
McAllister st. : apply until 12.
\roUNO GIRL; 16 YEARS; TO TAKE CARE
Xof children. 1602 Laguna st., from 9. to 12.
COOK FOR SMALL AMERICAN FAMILY;
I no washing; $30. Call early 721 Ellis st.
iy ANTED — DRESSMAKER, IMPROVER
'» and apprentice. 1438 O'Farrell su
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJT work: small family. ; 3 ■t ) 1 Geary su
nr ANTED AT 1816 L\ RKIN ST.; GOOD RE-
»' liable girl: general housework; none but good
cook and laundress need apply.
XPERIKNOED HAND TO makk LADIES'
!i luce zuccwear and children's hats am caps.
Address A. S., box 9, this office., '
GOOD VKST OPERATOK. APPLY MONDAY,
. 41 >levensou SU
yol'XG GIRL, 14 OR 15 YKARS OLD, TO
' X assist with housework. 433 Seventh st.
/COLORED GIRL; SKCOND WORK. 679
\J Harrison st. ■ y: ":
y OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
; 1 633 Vi Guerrero su _ .
EKMANi WOMAN ;FOK PLAIN HOUSK-
' I" work in exchange for practical Instruction In
nursing and midwifery. MRS. DR. KL'iVKE, 1416
Eighth .st., Alum a. - .'
GERMAN APPRENTICES ON FINE ART
«- mude ladies' costumes. .HENRY Worth,
Ladles'. Tailor. 1105 .Leaven worth, nr. California.
pUPILS WANTED — SPEC I A L RATES;
X hairdresslni{,2sc.-i --Up- to- Dale" Ilalrdressing
and Manlcur.ng Parlors, 10^6 Market su, parlor 1,
over '-The Wonder." , •
\\r OMAN TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK IN
» Napa Valley; $10. Call at • Yoiemlte House
parlor, 9 to 10 a. if. to-day and to-morrow.
THOMAS. " .
WAN 1 ED— GOOD GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK.
-" for 2 in laml y; must steep at home. 1100
Kentucky si., Potrero. ' ■
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF UJUJS
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken. ■
HELP \TAMED-Continn«(l.
"Of ANTED — PUPILS FOR _*ii-LINERY
M school: course practical: classes now forming
for spring work; satisfaction guaranteed; evening
classes. 22% Geary st. or 410 i eavenworth su
BE NOT DECEIVED— A. H. LYNN, AMER-
lca's f<t mous . teacher of dresscuttinj, is at the
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School, 103
Post st. ■
- ■
MONEY SAVED IS MONEY EARNED.
Learn dressmaking and millinery at Mc-
Dowell's, 103 Post su • .
AMERICAN WOMAN PARTNER IN DIN-
XX ing-room; no capital; would rent . cheap. 46
Market s:., room 5.
1/IRST-CLASS SEWERS ON WRAPPERS,
r wais's, etc. H. FREIDLANDER, 310% Fell
St., from 8 to 10 a. m.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN GIRL, ABOUT 20, FOR
»» ceneral housework; no cooking. Apply at
130 Page st.
IRL WANTr.D TO LEARN VEST-MAKING;
VJ good sewer preferred. 6Va Hyde su
S.F. DRESS-CUTTING BCHO"L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
£"1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THflB
\JJ-tJ Call: subscriptions and want ad*, taken.
1 ATKST SKI KTa, STYLISH JACKETS, PER-
XJ fect-fittlng- waist patterns cut to order, 25c;
wanted, ladles to learn the McDowell Dressmak-
ing and Millinery School, 103 Post st.
L 1 LYNN 'a i>REBSMAKINCJ AND CUTXINU
X 1 Academy. 14 McAllister at. : $1 a week.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third si., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $160 per night: $1 60 to $3
per week: tre« 'bun and l.:icuair» to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WASTED-MAS AND WIFE PRIVATE
»T family, $40; 6 laborers this morning, $1.75 a
day; 3 milkers. 520 and $25, larmers; black-
smith helper. $1 a day and board; shingle bolt
makers. $1.25: shake bolt makers. $1.75; wood-
chopper, $1.25 a cord; ironer for country. $-5 and
found: wagon maker, $2.60 a dny; 3 miners.
$2.60 a day, and others. Apply to J. F. CJROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento su
WANTKD-RESTAURANTCOOK, $8 WEEK
»» and $65 month: second cook, $45; hotel
waiter, country. #25. and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSfc.IT <fc CO , 6iB Sacramento si.
Air ANTED— MAN AND WIFE FOR PRIVATE
» » place In the country: man to care for garden,
horse and cow; wife to do cooking and housework
for 2ln family: « ages $40: see boss in city. Ap-
ply J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutler st.
/• CARPENTERS. ROUGH WORK: WORKING
' ' foreman for a ranch. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 clay.
AN AND WIFE (WITHOUT CHILDREN)
fora mine: wife to cook for men; $40 and
foond. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sU
Q JAPANESE COOKS FOR RANCHES AND
• > private families, $25 and found, fare paid.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOREMAN FOR a VINEYARD A D OR-
X en ard. single man. Full particulars at MUR-
H AY <£ READY'S, Leading Employment Agents.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED- 3 GERMAN FARMHANDS FOR
»T Sonoma County, $15 to S2O ana found;
milker $26 and found; blacksmith's assistant,
$15 to and found. W. D. EWKfiiCu., fc26
Clay si.
\\r ANTED — BLACKSMITH AND HORSE-
" snoer for country shop, strong young man
preferred. $1.50 to $2.50 a day; sieady lob. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
\\' ANTED — 4 FARMHANDS FOR VINE.
»» yard, long jobs. *-'O and founJ ; blacksmith's
assistant, must understand driving shoes steady
place; Swiss or German milker, must be neat,
bteady fellow. $25 and found: strong boy for cto-
C' ry store, $10 and found: showcase- maker, $2 to
$2 50 a day. W. D EWER <S CO., 6^6 Clay st.
SWIS* MILKER FOR MARIN COUNTY, $25
O and found: call early Monday morning. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
PASTRY COOK FOR FIRST-CLASS COUN-
X try hotel, $65. C. R. HaNSEN & CO., 110
Geary t>U
HEAD COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $70, SEE
party here: second c< ok, restaurant, *55 ; fry
cook, remaurant. $50; restaurant butcher, $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
HEAD waiter for springs, $30; stew-
XJ. ard for a summer resort, $:<6: pantry-boy for
springs, #15: French laundry man for a summer
resort, $25. C. R. HANSEN \s: CO., 110 Geary st.
Cook! FlO II WEEK: RESTAURANT
wille.r $30 and room; dishwasher. $4 a week;
secoud ok, $5 a week; dishwasher, $7 a week;
2 young men to assist at waiting, $12 and room:
middle-aged man os cook, $30 and room: lunch
an I dinner waiters: waiter. $11 a week; pantry-
man, $25 and room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
CHORE BOY, $8 A MONTH. BOARD. ETC-,
solicitor for photographing company; solicitors
tor publishing company; ranch hands. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
PESTAURANT BUTCHER, $50. CALL KAR-
Xtly: fry cook, $50: second cook. »50. Maß-
■l IN & CO.. 749 Market si.
pARRIAGE BLACKSMITH HELPER; $7 A
\J week. MARTIN <k Co., 749 Market st.
VE.\T ERRAND-BOY: STORE WORK; $4
i-> to $5 a week. MARTIN * CO., 749 Market.
OLORE!) PORTKR; CALL EARLY: $15,
\J room, etc MARTIN A CO.. 749 Market si.
UARTZ MINERS-MACHINE DRILL, $3 A
•lay; farmer and wife; second cook, $8 a
week; solicitor for milk route; butler, $26: farm
hands. $16. R. T. WARD & CO., tioB and 610
Clay »L
IHDLE-AGED MAN, RANCH WORK, *10.
Ml!?S CULLEN, 3.'3 Sutter sU
UTLER, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTEK
street.
PASTRY COOK WHO CAN DO SHORT
X order work. $45, country hotel. HOTEL GA-"
ZKTTK, 420Kearny st.
WASTED- MILL HAND. UNDERSTANDS
" turning, shaplug and band sawing. Sbattuck
Aye. Planing Mills, South Berkeley.
/COMPETENT MAN OF EXPERIENCE FOR
\J foreman of fruit ranch; must understand
Eastern fruit shipments, S. T., box 78. Call oltlc»-.
\\f A NTKD— APPRENTICE TO WORK ON
'. tailoring: must know how to fell. Inquire at
413 Stevenson St., near Fifth.'
INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO DO ABOUT 3
1 hours' housework dally in exchange for room.
1007 Market st. ; -
-\\r ANTED— UPHOLSTERER on REPAIR-
'» Ing: gooa home; small pay. 810 Broadway,
Oakland. . J '
OFFICE BOY; AGED 16; RESIDING WITH
parents; reference. 130 Powell st.
GENERAL TAILOR WANTED. 200 GOLDEN.
Gate aye.
"\roUNQ MAN TO WASH DISHES, 10 PER
X month. 160 Turk st. .
BOY WANTED AT 22V 3 GEARY ST., ROOM
19, at 8 a. M.
\\r ANTED— a GOOD WAITER, AT 427 LAB-
" kin st.
"\TOUNG MAN FOR BARBER-SHOP: STEADY
X place. 1542 Market st.
W.ANTED-STBADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
TT position; must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply at 9 Geary st., room 2.
SOUTH SEA ISLANDS— WANTED, MINERS,
0 prospectors and colonists to join the party now
formed to leave San Francisco May 1 on the fast-
sailing clipper bark Mermaid. For passage and
other particulars apply to A. S. LOWNDtS, 506
Battery St., room 6.
W" ANTED— MEN EVEKYWHERK TO ACT
'•as private detectives: under instructions; ex-
perience unnecessary. Universal Detective
Agency, Indianapolis, Ind. ■
BOYS, BETWEEN 15 AND 17 ' YEfcLKS OF
age, apply at. 200 Sutter st. V
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. 3. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
TOUKNEYMKN BARBERS' KMPLOYMKJU
k tl seoretarr..H. BkHKAKQI 102 seventh at. ;
IJpiR^T-CLASS 1 BARBKRB FURNISHED BY
I International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth m. the Modern. . I. LKSS, fcecretary.
"WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»» trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138V4 Eighth.
EU'HOHOUsK, 868^ MARKET ST.— iiOOiU
Sit 20c 250 to 60c nleht: $1 to $2 wee*. ..
WANTED— IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
of some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Wubhington, D. C, for i their $1800 prise
offer and new list of 1000 invention* wanted.
THE ROSEDALE., 321 ELLI«— CHEAPEBT
X and best lodging-house north of Market st.
ANTKD— LABORER* AND MECHANIC*
*T 10 know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor. still mas ■ Denver House, 217 Third st. ; iiU
■ large rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
E SIMON wants : 100 men TO ukt-bot-
. lie beer or wine 6c : bent free lcnch. 643 Clay
If* 7 NINTH BX. -BRANCH : OFFICK OF
ID I TKic Calx.; subscription and want ads.
taken. »V ; :
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
» made to order. $2 60: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand shoes. 859 Howard si. .
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 160 NIGHT, 60c
aud 75c week. .Lmdell House, bixtii aud HowmL
fTKT^T» WANTED-ContlnnM.
KECRUITS WANTED ■ FOR THE U. 8. MA- :
rlne Corps, U. a. • Navy— Able-bodied ' unmar-
ried men between ■ the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens -of the United . spates, or those
who have i legally declared their Intention to be-
come such: mas', be of good . character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet ■In height. For
further information apply at the iiecruiuu* ollioe,
20 Kills st.. San Francisco. CaL
OCOlr MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_«_>— U TiUi CALL; nubacrtpUona ana waul aUa
taken. .
OESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED, DIPLOMAS
11 filled out & all kinds of 1 enwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH, Heald's Businrss College, 24 Post »v
IT'OR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
F tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1534 Market sU. bet.
Larkln and City . Hall jive., or ?■»:< Mission sU: ,
large stock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made to order, any style, $3 up.
\\i ANTED, TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
" ersAclerks KN OX Collection Agcv, HOSutter.
WANT ADS AND BUBSCKIPTIO.S -. FOR
'» Ihk Call are taken at Branch oilier soaUi-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
"I f\(\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 100, 150
JL\J\J and 20c a night. Including cu!X*m aoa roils.
624 Washington su, near Kearnv.
BEST IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $L $1 26. 91 60 per wee*.
Pacific House. Commercial and 1 .eldearioriT sts. -
1 I*l7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
J U I '1 ii* Call.; buuscriptiou and want ads
taken.
riIKV ACME HOUSE. 85/ MARKET ST., BK-
X low Sixth, for a room: 15c- a night; $1 a week.
WANTED, YOUR SHOES -WE REPAIR
»T shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men's
soling 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged 1 y water at
less tiian one-fourth their value, from 75c up to
$2 60. 662 Mission st , bet. First and Second.
I nC\(\ MORE PAIR MEN'S SHOES, BEEN
X I \)\J damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to $2 60. 662 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second.
V\. r ANTED— SINIiLi. ROOMS, 16c A DAY: #1
'» week: rooms for 2, 25a a day. $1 60 * *«»;
reading-room: dally papers. S6 Clay su
ROOMS. 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 600 TO »1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 I/rumiu su
\l r INCHEST HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» -M»r»e: 200 rooms, 25<3 a night; reading-
room : free inn and ba"rra?n to and from the terry.
. AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THK FIRST
J\. i-attie." Apply or address for territory F.
PERSON. manager subscription department. TilE
WHITAKKR <fc RAY COMPANY. 723 Market sU
WANTHD-MISCELLANEOVs.
ANTED— WAGON OR RUNNING-GEAR:
»» 1 1 2 iron or 2% wood axles. Address \\\. box
11, Ca 1.
Air ANTED— TO EXCHANGE PAID-UP LIFE
" policy (S2B JO) for building lot. Address W.,
box 11, CalL
I>UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES.
13 doors, mantels, etc., tor sale. 1103 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
w~ eirv to A. KLEIN, roa Sixth St.: tend postiL
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern limes. Don't fall
to see her If you are interested In the affairs of life:
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent lriends, interest you; If
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. m. to 6P. if., stricu N. Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 120ti Mar-
ket su, parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eegs and cards; tells entire life, pas',
present, tuture. consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee SI: ietters2. <J29 Post at., nr i.arklu
MME.; ARNDT, GERMAN FORTUNE-TEL-
ler, returned from Europe: lite, cradl9 to
grave: picture husband, wife; fee 60c up. 957
Harrison st.
MISS MELV'INA HAS RECOVERED PBOM
her illness; would be plea.sed to see har old
and new friends one again. 700 '.• Howard st-
TI,JME. R: .IIIKH INVITES SKKPTICS;
i>* clairvoyant aud psychological paimist. 616
Jones st.
MME. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLaIRVOY-
ant: never fails: call and be convinced. 419
Geary su, room 22, second lloor; only 25c
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA ST, ; CARDS:
Indies 25c. gent* 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
KE A MEDIUM OF MIRACULOUS POWER
ana luck: 25c. one price. 41 Minna, basement.
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 51 Fifth st. : water readings specialty.
MX. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business adviro: names given; 26c up.s Fuurth
MME. MORKAU, BEST FORIUaE-TELLER
and card-reader; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
MISS PEARL RAYMOND, FROM THE
East; magnetic iroa; lut'iit. 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
THELGRAY.CLAIRVOYANT.CARD HEAD-
er and palmist, i 16b Mission at., bet. 7th and Bth
MME. syuiLLJi TtLLs FROM CRaDI.K TO
grave: pictures giren: ladles 25c: 614 CFarrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
MMX. OSMa-N, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; lire readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining- speculations a speciality. 838 Mission
A DOIK SWAIN'S LIGHT TEST CIRCLE
-»' V to-nlgbt; 25c; bring question*. 114 Jones si
ME. YOUNG, 418 MCALLISTER ST.; A
convincing writing circie to-night: 2Sc.
MKS. MAYO STEERS. SPIRIT MEDIUM
and healer, II"-' 1 a Oak St.; readings 11 to '2. -
MRS. C. J. MKYER, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
tests to all; dr. 2 to 8 P. if.; 10a ; sittings,
RS. J. J. HUSKY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM*,
for messages and advice. 218 stock ton si.
M. FRANCIS, IMJEPENDENT .SLATE
.writer. 118 Ualcht St.: hours 9 until 6P. M.
RS. H. A. GRIFFIN— CiR. SUN. EVE.; 2Bo;
I>l test mtg. Thur. eve.: sttcs daily. 42isy Grove
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, $5 ; DISEASKS
and habits cured, <. al. Institute, 1346 Market st
HYPNOTISM CUKKS WHEN ALL ELSE
falls: also taught. Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
PHRENOLOGY.
PROF. BEHRENS READS CHARACTEIt BY
the head of men and women as an open book;
adaptability In business and marriage. 131 Mont-
gomery St.
LOST.
LOST— A PASS-BOOK WITH THE HlBElt-
nla Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco
in the name of MARY K. SMITH, No. 141,488.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— SMALL FOX-TERRIER DOG: BLACK
spot on left side: brown and black on bead:
answers to the name of Ben. Return to 1634b
Howard st., and receive reward.
] IVER AND WHITE SETTER PUP LOST
Jj near Stelner ana > Union sts.: liberal reward.
Return to SW. cor. Steiner and Pacific sts.
OST— PLAIN GOLD RING; INITIALS M. H.
to K. H. Suitable reward by returning to 2820
Bush st.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
savings and Loan .Society of San Francisco,
in the name of JOSEPH Fa Y. No. 210,746.
The tinder will please return to bank.
OUITABLK REWARD PAID FOR THE RE-
O tura to fruit stand, corner Mission and Sixth
sts., of young fox-terrier bitch; answers to Nellie.
LOST — BETWEEN JACKSON AND CALl-
fornia sis-, near Polk, gold spectacles In chate-
lane case. Return to 1849 Jackson si. and receive
reward. •
TOST— MARQUIBK RING, WITH 15 DrA-
JLj monds: reward $10. 123 Montgomery si.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
l> St.: want ads and script iotis taken.
fOUSD. 1
I pOUND— SATURDAY NIGHT ON MISSION
-T road horse and .wagon; owner can | have same
by proving pr-perty and payli expenses. A. W.
KKINUARDI, 6 Congo st., near.Ney, Co lege
Homestead.
BICYCLES.
HIGH GRADE TANDKM FOR SALE; <OR
will exchange tor high grade slngie. 2111
Green w.ch at. r-
TANDEMS, "96" Pattern, GOOD AS new,
$70 and upward: t arealns in second -hand
wheels. Golden ltu.e Bazaar cyc.e department,
25 U«*rjr ik
BUSINESS CHANCES.
»T|nn RESTAURANT; ONK OF THE
«Jpl_LV'U. beat paying of Its kind across the
bay. Dositive proof furnished that the receipts are
$1000 or more per month: fine private dining-
rooms; everything first-class ~ throughout; cheap
rant; lease; practically no opposition; In present
owners' hands 7 years; easily worth $-'oiK> of any
one's money: owners have large interests in
mines which demand their Immediate attention.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
S9KA SALOON: BET. KEARNY AND
• *J\J» Montgomery sts. ; rent only $30: doing
a good, profitable business; must •be sold at once;
owner leaves for the East. Apply M. LESS, 5
Fourth su
<B>Qnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR-IN
<lptJ\J\J. most desirable portion of the Western
Addition; larse sto-it; nicely fitted up; sacrifice.
M LESS, 5 Fourth su
(SjOnn GROCERY AND BAR WITH 6 LIV-
tIpOW. ing-rooms; neighborhood of shops,
factories, etc.: rent only $25; established 15 years.
M. LESS, 6 Fourth su
1 OHO FJNE CORNER GROCERY AND
«£> 1 \J \J\J. bar on on» of principal streets, a few
bcocks north of Market; flegaut fixtures; large
stock; more than value In sight; a gift. M. LESS,
5 Fourth st.
<-)&(\ FRUIT AND POULTRY BUSINESS
«ID — O\Jm in busiest portion of the Mission; good
horse and wagon: 3 living-rooms: cheap rent; big
yard and stable: good for married couple. M.
LESS, 6 Fourth St.
CIJ7P.A OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE ON
O I «'v/. one of the mo<t prominent streets a
block and a half from Market; mod rate rent; old-
established, well-paying place; crowded all day
long. M. LES>. 5 Fourth st.
OjOOC DYEING AND -CLEANING BUHI-
•.— — «'. ness in the heart of the city; cheap I
rent; 4 nic - living rooms, elegantly furnished. M.
LESS. 5 Fourth su
<mftnO, CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; IN
fiPUUU. liveliest location south of Market St.:
cheap rent: living-rooms: large stock; big bar
business; established corner; for a bargain - see
this. M. LESS, 3 Fourth St.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer?
stocks. STENBEKG. 632 Market; teL main 1043.
ifW) BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS;
tJpiIMJ. good stock; living-rooms; low rent; see
this and make offer. STENBH.RG, 632 Market »t.
MANUFACTURING AND .REPAIRING Es-
J.U. tablishment: fully equipped; run past 25
years; nlways made money; suited for man and
wife; 9 hands employed: good outside trade; In-
vestigate this. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market.
{fin BUTCHERSHOP; GOOD CORNER
«lp-IUI/. Western Add. ; rent $16 50; only $1650,
including staole: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep. 2 calves
weekly; horse, wagon. feTENBKRO, 632 Market.
fflj iC\(\ BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LI V-
«JP toU. Ing-rooms: rent $22 a genuine good
business ofT->r: daily receipts «14: kept by owner I
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Market sU
eftnO, CORNJSR GROCERY AND BAR:
«jpv»"U. living - looms: choicest location In
Western Addition; doing first-class paving busi-
ness: widow must sacrifice. WILKK, 783 Mar-
ket su '
LD-ESTABLISHED SALOON; CHOICEST
\J local: on water front: doing a large first-class
paying business: net rent only $20: investigate;
a genuine good Utilities* offer; would trade for
ranch. WII.KE, 783 Market St. '
©Qnn ELEGANTLY FITTED UP SALOON,
WOW. opp. City Hall, with clubroom; side
entrance: large day and night trade; big sacrifice;
owner going East. WILKE, 783 Mark?: st.
G» £?P.fl SALOON ON THIRD ST., CLOSE
<iP\JU\J. to new Call building: doinc good pay- !
ing business: must sell at once; disagreement of
partners. WILKE, 783 Market st
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly for cash? 50 saloons, groceries and
bars cheap. HEALY', 917 Market St.
QjOnn BRANCH BAKERY AND DAIRY
0 ~\-'\J. produce store: living-rooms; receipts
from $8 to $10 dally; bargain. HEALY, 917
Market su
QO9C LADIES, ATTENTION — BRANCH
tJpO-£.».>. bakery, confectionery, cigars, etc.; re-
ceipts $8 a day; Mason St.; 6 rooms. HEALY, 917
Market st.
FOR SALS VERY CHEAP— BEST CASH
frail business in Oakland: tils is a snap for
some one. J. McV AY. 152 Fifth su
BAKKRY IN FIRST-CLASS LOCATION; NO
reasonable offer refused. Address G. L., box
104, Call Office.
CO Ki\ PARTNER WANTED FOR CASH
«Ir±«J". business: exclusive trade of the eutire
coast; suited to plain steady man satisfied with
»18 to $20 a week to staru Apply Business
Broker, 45 Third St.
I, 1 INK BAKERY, WITH HORSE AND
1 1 wagon, for sale cheap; good opportunity to the
right party. Inquire at this office;" address
BCH MITT'S bakery, cor. Twenty-second and Do-
lores sis.
fii'qnnn well-known HEALTH re-
»77 • 'VM >\J . sort, hotel and livery stable at rail-
road station in prosperous mining district; $2500
a year profit; 5 acres of land: hole, of 30 rooms,
completely furnished. H. M. WOOLLEY, 532
Market su
<fijr,A RETIRING FROM BUSINESS I
O\J. o>er for sale my half Interest In a very
good office; trial given. Address B. C, box 74,
Call Office.
ANDY, ICECRKAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
plies for sale: nr. school; 4 sunny living-rooms;
bath; reas. 2926 a Washington su, nr. Broderick.
INSURANCE BROKERS WHO WISH TO
X. dispose of their good will and lists are Invited
to address Insurance Agent, box 68, Call Office.
X\T AN TED— WHOLE OR PART INTEREST
" in small manufacturing business. Address
X. Y. Z., nox 65, Mercury Office, San Jose.
TO LEASE— OCCIDENTAL HOTEL, MAY-
field santa Clara County: rent $25 per month.
F. PUnVHARD, 12 Market at., S. F.
CUN NY FRONT ROOM. WITH BOARD;
O home comforts: reasonable. 133 Diamond St.,
bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
fflf 1 9 Pi WILL PURCHASE PROFITABLE
•J) I ~«.J established business, stock, tools, eta
J. X., box 89. call Office.
BY ■ EXPERIENCED PROSPECTOR AND
practical miner, some financial backing to go
prospecting in the desert. Address B. X.. box 73,
Call Office.
SALOON: GOOD LOCATION: DO! NO GOOD
business: for sale on account of other business
516 Kearny su
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN^
X quire this office or at 133 Third St., Portland,
Oregon.
HOTKL FOR SALE— ROOMS; RENT $30.
3377 Twenty-sixth su. near Mission.
RESTAURANT; GOOD LIVING FOR TWO-
cheap if taken this month. 324 Larfcin st.
GOOD PAYIKO SALOON FOR SALE; GOOD
reason: no agents. Address 259 Third st.
NE OR MORE PARTIES TO JOIN IN a
quick turn; investors secured by first mon-
cage: city bank references; quick turn. S., box 74,
Call Office, Oakland.
EXPKKIKNCED MAN WANTS A PARTNER
XJ in a pickle and sauerkraut business; at ate age
and money can furnish: experience not necessary
Address S. R., box 90. Call Office.
*ftIOOO GROCERY, BAR: CHOICE LOCA-
tjpXV/V/vr. tion: or will trade for paper route.
Address W., box 97, Call office.
ANDY, ICECREAM. STATIONERY AND
\J notion store : for sale; Fourth su, near broad-
gaugedepou AdJress A. PILTZ, ban Rafael, CaL
j :UTCHER-BHOP FOR SALE: ESTAB-
»•> lished business. Apply to PETER McARDLE.
cor. Market and Fourth sts.
rOR SALE-COFFKE SALOON >XD RES-
X I taurant: well paying. Apply 122 Fifth st.
©Or CORNER CIGAR-STAND. SK. COR.
<ST«J«-». Twenty-fourth and Folsom sts. -
ffljKflfl PRINTING- OFFICE;. COST $10li0-
-ts>O\J\J. nearly new. Address P., box 41, CalL
ESTAURANT: $75. CALL AT 1405 CALI-
-fornia st.. nr. Hyde.
17 INK EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON-
X must be sold at once. 211 Lark in st. ' '
T.-'OR SALE— A FINE LOT IN COLMA AT
r half-price; 26x120. A. 8., box 60, this office?
SALOON-OLD ESTABLISHED, GOOD LO-
cation, 8 rooms, kitchen. Including furniture-
rooms bring rent; cheap. : Cor. Battery and Pacific!
yoUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post
WANTED-TO RENT A FURNISHED DIN-
M in;-rcom. L. M., box 69, Call Office. -
<C7^o Fl<ulT - I'OU LTRV, GROCERY
«iD tOVJ. store; good horse and -wagon. 3382
Mission su
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTKD BY
VI young, lady: sr-iall capital. Boom 'i, 1018
MarKetst, or 11 Kddy.
PARTNER WANTED WITH $1000, IN A
X cleaning and renovating works. Address P.
W, - box 104, Call Office.
"PASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIRES A GEN-
XJ ti. man partner; small capital. 850 Market, r 5.
pOOD BAKKRY FOR SALE OK KENT. AP-
VJT ply 712 Valencia st.
DRUGSTORE: HANDSOMEST STORK IN
; I* the city (Inland); no cut rates: best reasons
for selling. Address Drugs, box 139, Call Office.
TT ALP INTEREST IN HORSErtKOKING-
fXX shop; . cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st.
Fty KUUIn. ton. : aAJUIi aPTLy THU
/ office. *;r.-.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB PALE.
(m 17 r COMPLETELY FURNISHED; NEAR
3h I i D. Market st. -. . v
$350-23 rooms: nicely furnished.
$1700— On Union square: 30 rooms.
$1800—40 rooms: Stockton st.
Money to loan. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
O,| ROOM' ON MARKET ST .-%...* 850
Zt-i 14 rooms, only --• 250
20 rooms; corner: new I «;rJJ
UroomsOD Sutter 000
7-room house, oniy. • '-'OU
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. .
&Gf\fi LODG.'NG-HOUSK OF 23 WKLL-
tftDUU. furnished rooms; cheap rent; excel-
lent loc tion ; lr you want a bargain see this house.
I M. LESS, 5 Fourth sU ,
OOD-- PAYING LODGING- HOUSE; 100
rooms: enter of town; trial given: goes v-ry
cheap: no »>rnts. Call between 8 ana 104.1t
BaRBE, 405 Sixth sireeU near Harrison.
•VTEWLY FURNISHED 21-ROOM HOUSE;
li fine location; all In 1 floor. 6i.'J Mlss:ou st.
Tn^pT MARK CHEAP FOR CASH; GOOD
IUOO paving house; 24 rooms. ■
rpRANSIENT LODGING-HOUSE; S ROOMS
and bath; cell bet. 3 and 5 P. m. 139 lay or st .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"DETIRING FROM .; RETAIL BUSINESS:
Xt must close out stock In 30 days: brussels car-
pet, -42C4C yard: floor oilcloth. 18c; matting, 7a
yard: bedroom sets, 3 pieces. *9 50: 4- room fur-
niture outfit, $66. SHIREK Jt SHIREK, 747
Market St.. Opp. Grant aye.
FIRE SALE NOW GOING ON; ENTIRE
' stock of Carpets and Furniture damaged by
fire, smoke and water: raus. be sold for account of
underwriter*. SHillcK A SHIKEK, 747 Maoieu
1-iURMTURE, STOVES f AHP. COUN-
r ters, showcases. A>DERooN, 1121 Market.
SAVE MONEY— BUY KUKNITUKE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances. .
HOUSEHOLD RANGES ark the BEST.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission St.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1893. you get highest rush paid for
merchandise, furniture, art gou<is, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc. STREET <fe CRESWELL. Auctioneers.
Market su nn.316. Houses bought in their eunrety.
IF YOU WANT «jioOU PRICKS FOX FURNt-
tnre and merchandise ere BUHD. 211 Lnricio.
CARPET CLEANING.
/CARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: KUO
\J samples free.: teL Jes9ie 944. Stratton, 3 Bthsc
I pAKI'KTa CLEANED. RKXOVa'IEU LIKE
\J new. J. McQUEEN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEAN INO WORKS:
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mir. 3h and 40 Eighth at.; telephone South 250.
\V r HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED W.ITlt
*" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlnz Works. 353-57 Tehama st; teL So. 41).
« DVANCE CARPET-CLEANlixfci CO., 403
Sutler: teL Main 394. GEO. WaLCOM, prop.
CARPETS CLEANED <fc RENOVATED LIKB
CARPETS CLi£ANEl)<fc RENOVATED LIKB
new. 23 Tenth; W»L South 36. Mackintosh <& Co. o
■T WATTS, reliable rarpet-cleanltig reuovtg, alter-
a . atiun works. 413 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 32L.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO,
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 71. .
pONKLJN'S CARPET- BEATING WollKT
i V 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
;;-;":: HORSES.
SADDLE - FOR SALE — PERSONS
having hoist's can have them broke to the sad-
dle; also lessons given in riding and driving. 605
Golden Gate aye.
FOR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;
sound; in good condition; A 1 roadster; single
or double, Olympic Stables. 503 sutter st.
TRONG BUSINESS BUGGY, HOR*E AND
harness, good as new, cheap. Nevab.e stables.
42 Clay
LADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOP.
sale cheap. Devlsadero-st. stable.nr.McAllister.
BUGGY HORSE— GOOD ROADSTER; W*[Ll,
sell cheap. 1112 Golden Gate aye.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
-ti. 11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., 3.
ATKINS, auctioneer.
Af\ HORSES FOR BALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"« baggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsi
Market, 327 Sixth sU: auction bales every W«sl«
nesday. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
T.EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 500 SETS
-Li of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, far less money than you can buy Eastern
- trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
«JUbusluess 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-sU car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of laree young mules.
F\(\(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAN HAS-
tJV/V ness: all kinds; buggy.wagon, cam, Sarce/
£rockawar: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SALOON LUNCH SUPPLY WAGON; NEW
peddling wagon; business buggy. 1310 Turk.
i "VTKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LACS-
! -*-' dry and milk wagon: also fine top buggy and.
j rockawny. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
pONCERT MARTIN GUITAR. CHEAP;
\J price $23; cost $45. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
— —
Oj-I n DOMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE; IN
I <!PXvJ. good order. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
FINE ENGLISH MASTIFF, ONE YEAR OLD-
X $25. Call 12 Eighth st.
fl^l AX AEROMOTOR WINDMILL AND 2000
j «IP -I *"«-»• gallon tank and pump In good condi-
tion, together with pipicg, for sale. Apply for
further particulars to G. 11. UMBSEN <t CO., 14
! Montgomery st.
L-OR SALE— NEW AND SECOND-HAND Bin
X cycle.*, cheap. Call after 5 p. m. 2016 Folsoax,
ART OF WELL-LOCATED PLAT, MOUN-
tain View Cemetery; $175. X V Z, Oakland
LARGE FRESH DURHAM COW; RICH
milk; 6 gallons day; gentle. 1312 Folsom SU
COW (JUST CALVED); GENTLE; EASY
milker; cheap. 923 Fell st.
! On-LIGHT T)YNAMO, $40. APPLY THE K.
OU A. SMITH CO., 6^7 Mission St.
FOR SALE— Ct-FFEK-MILL, SHOWCASE, 1 *
counter: cheap. 718 Turk st.
CA-HOKSEPOWER ENGINE AND BOILER,
*J\f complete for first-class steam plant. Address
box 113, Call Office.
SAFES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 609
kJ Market st. ■; f:.-
BICYCLES, NEW. HIGH GRADES, $45: 810
bargains in second-hands. Waverley Retail,
216 McAllister st. Wholesale, 61 First su
pREAM SEPARATOR (NO. 2 BABY); IN USB
\J only 4 months: $80; cost $150; new. Apply
169 second st ,S. r\
SODA FOUNTAIN, $90; COST $200, APPLY °
O 169 Second si., S. V.
«5jC FEMALE, THOROUGHBRED FOX-TER.
*ID*^. rler pup: finely marked; 4 months oldt
pedigree given. .Address Dog, box 41, Call Office.
T OT OF OLD FINE .VIOLINS FOR SALE
-LJ cheap. Inquire 410 Kearny st., room 10.
01. QC HANDSOME, ROLL-fOP CHERRY
f\POO. office dent ; cost $83. 1824 Pacific st.
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH-
U in perfect order. H. s. WHITE, 516 Mission.
■VTEW CASH-RKGISTEKS FOR SALE OR TO
li rent. MAGUIRK, 130 Sansorn" at., room 9.
L)t»ILERs>,KNUINE!s.2D-HANI> MACHINERY
JJ water-pipes. Mclntosh Ji Wolptnan. 137 Beala.
I^INE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. Ml&Jb'IT CLOIH- '
ing parlors, 513 Montgomery st.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PKES*
J stand desic money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay!
I>AKS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHKI.V-
-1 > Ing, eta, bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th,
Ah BE DOUBLE COM I'AllTihi.N X' - Coln
bHnicsaf*; cheap, t Mission su
, Alts, Back BARS. iiIKROKS. SHOW-
U cases, counters, linoleum, office iuruHura.
store and office furniture : and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. MONAA, il»l?-loia-10^1-10W
Mission at-, above Sixth.
N^) V^" L , :N f W^ l . J ,P RANGKs A«K THE BEST.
±\ \V. RA V MFG. CO. 12 California U.
O S X SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKGE-&IZB
vy are and burgiar proof safo. 109-111 Market si.
n ■ ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC.
XV laity; private; no fee without success- probate.
insolvency, wills, : collections, bills of sale, deedZ
1 ?.? 86 *?, 1 *- : Private detectives: estab. 10 years.'
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market si. corner Stockton It
A DVICE FKKK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUP.
SJ± cessful. W. W. DAVIL»aON. »27 Market ss. ' .
E W r KING, ATTORNEY- A T-L AW, CHRON-"!
. icie building; advice Uee; lowte.a; all case* '••HOUSES TO LET.
"TJOUSE OF 6 ROOMS: NEWLY RENOVATED;
Ji large yard. 12u6V& Golden Gate aye. ; apply
120 S.
rpo LET— HOUSE OF 4 LARGE, BUNNY
X rooms; 58 50. 1313 York sU
];KI.L ST., BKT. POLE AND VAN NESS
! aye.: sunny sides 2-story bay- window; 7 room*
and bath. Apply to 1.6. CAPP <& CO., Real
i>tate Agents, 415 Montgomery st.
BFAN.N AN— SUNNY SIDE: ABOVE SKC-
ond; 2-slorr house: t> rooms and bath: rent
loiv to a gooJ tenant. Apply to C. S. CAP!" i CO..
Heal i-sta:e Agents. 41 Montgomery su
'FA RRELL, BET. MASON AND TAYLOR—
11. . r house of 3 rooms. Apply to C. S. UAPP
d C .. Real I»;,:t Agent-, 416 Montgomery st.
JKXINGTON AVr. (FOKMKBLY BTKVKN-
J j sou si.), bet. Mission and Valencia, Twentieth
and Twent—lirst— Neat 2-story house: (5 rooms
suil bath: rent low to a pood tenant. Apply to C.
:-. CAPP A CO., Keal Estate Agents, 415 Mont- .
gumery st.
"I lj'i MISSION —vl NX NEW BRICK
X X'trO home: just Dnisbed; 25 rooms and bath:
rent very low to right party. G. U. UMBSEN <Ss
CO., 14 Montgomery st.
9SAQ WASHINGTON— ROOMS; BATH:
— i»Ut/ ilrst-class condition; location, large gar-
den.
SUNNY HOUSE. BATH. YARD. HAMPTON
place, off Folsom, bet. second and i bird sts.
QQA HOrSK; 9 KOOMS AND BATH; ALL
COv. modern Improvements. 1404 Leaven-
worth s  near Washington.
07.V HOME; SUNNY SIDE BUTTER, 832;
\ Dice locality; call soon lor key a 1 830.
V; ARGAIN— MUST SELL; NEW HOUSK: 5
I ■ rooms and lot 50x125: >. V. water: outhouse;
' nice garden App yat 250 Lobos sl, Ocean View.
A TWKNT* -SEVENTH — HOUSE t> ' ROOMS
"3 and bath; stationary nibs in annex, next to
'kitchen; electric-cars at corner and Valencia-su
line next bock: a cozy, comfortable home for
family and good tenants will be appreciated: $17,
water fret; key at grocery. MADISON <fcBURAE,
Agents.
91 90 Mason, near Lombard— s-room
_ ! — O house and bath; newly ten ova;ed: rent
$15.
SUNNY 10-ROOM HOUSB; MODERN IM-
provemen s; low rent. 3522 Nineteenth st.
J ROOMS AND KITCHEN: FIRST FLOOR.
.."3 HB2 Natoma sf., near Fourth.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at EALDWIN & UOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st. ■
1 OOA BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 BOOMS:
•■X—.-V/ yard; rent reasonable to a good tenaDt.
Qjn 1731 BROADWAY. NKAK GOUGH— B '
«ID"<-'. 100ms: every convenience: marine view.
FUKyiSKKP HOUSES-
-1 J(\(A GROVK ST.— FURNISHED HOUSE 10
I "lv/U rooms and bath: large garden, stable,
*>te : rent reasonable. Apply on premises or G. H.
UMBSKN. 18 Montgomery st.
1 -UKXISUED FLATS.
SUNNY' FURNISHED MODERN FLAT. 6
O rooms, cheap: 2514Va Sutler sl. Apply 12 to 2.
f.OX UI'PKK FLAT: 1650b HAVES ST., 1
*_ O«_). bloclc ironi park panhandle: 7 rooms;
bath: laundry. WM. NJC0L."634% California.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
kJ bath, basement and yard: cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth M.
PIEDMONT— PRETTY FURNISHED COT-
J tage: 3 rooms; rent $6. Address 273 Sixth St.,
Oakland.
C.Q COTTAGE TO LET: 4 ROOMS; LARGE
C<-'. yard. 42 Brady st.. off Market.
Q»1 (\ AND $0 00; 2 COTTAGKS: 11 RUSSELL
CXU st. 3 lay 5.., off Clay, near Mason.
Q7 P.EAK COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS; BASE.
. V • . mem: water free. 339 Jersey su
QOA COTTAGE; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
0— U. large yard. 2326 Folsom, nr. Twentieth.
£• 1 ' NICE COTTAGK; 5 KUOMs; BATH:
C^<J. sunny; yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
SUNNY COT I AUK* OF 4 AND & ROOMS,
■ bath; basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth ats.
TO LKT COTTAGE 5 KOOMS AND BATH;
rent $18. 449 Bryant St.
FLATS TO LET;
in 3 TO 5-ROOM COTTAGES AND FLATS $6
T:U to $12. .-rt<. K<£ CO., 602 Market st.
0 J-LATS OF 3 AND 4 ROOM*: UNFUR-
—. nished; rent $9 and $10. Inquire 529 Sixth St.
TO LET— 4 KOOMS AND BAJH; 904 MINNA
st. Apply 116 Tenth st.
01 Q GJtAKY— S SUNNY ROOMS IN GOOD
«JXO order: rent $17.
1 99Q MCALLISTER— 2 MODERN FLATS ; 6
1 — — </ and 7 roams. $25 and $S0; see them be-
for-- renting elsewhere.
FLAT 3 BOOiiS. 254 HAKRIET ST., BKT.
- Harrison and Bryant, near Sixth; rent low.
T'l l MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH-'* AND
1 ».) 1 X 6 rooms, bath, laundry rent $18 and $14.
I>ARELY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COR. BUTTER
Xt and tfcott sts. ; 6 big rooms: S-7 5'J; water free;
appreciated if teea. K-y i!3oo!ruttersu,cor ?cox
UPPER AND LOWKR FLATS, 3 AND 4
rooms, $8 and $10. 24 Washington aye., bet.
Mission and Howard, Ninth and Tenth.
TTPPER FLAT; 5 BOOMS AND BATH; MOD-
U crn improvements. 314V«s Fell.
COIU TURK— SUNNY FLAT; 5 B< OMB AND
K)~\i\i bath: large yard and cellar; rent $26 50:
no children.
QIJ. FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS. 214
OX*I. Eleventh *t., near Howard.
-4991 POST. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
i— — i Sunny flat of 3 rooms: $16.
,1071 HAIGHT. NEAR FILLMORE— FLAT
rO 12 i large sunny rooms; yard; basement;
$11.
Cj-l C LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
«IPXU. 19th; s rooms: porcelain bath.
Q.-\ C LOWKR FLAT; 1411 GUERRERO,
OXty. near 26th; 5 rooms; porcelain bath.
9 NEW UPPER SUNNY MODERN rLATS.
— 935 Golden Gate aye. and 615 Grove st.
nf\f\U AND 2016 HOWARD ST.. BKT. SIX-
-UUU teenih and Seventeenth— I'lats. 8 aiM 9
rooms and bah, new. rent $25; flats, 6 and 6
room* an bath, 00 Howard st., near Sixteenth,
rental 2 50.
I - NEW FLATS AND 9 NEW HOUSES
1 I ready April 10; low rents. SPACE it CO.,
602 Market st.
1 9-1 9 AND 1220 MISSION, EET. EIGHTH
X «£X— and Ninth— 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
Q.ir SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, 'JAKPKTED
tj> —O. and cooking range. Keys 828 Lombard.
Q I a AND $18: NSW FLAT*; NE. COR.
iDJi Go. den Gate ava and Lyon.sU; 5 and 6
rooms and bath each: all modern conveniences;
newly painted and decorated; see them. Mi ..:.\.
WALD, BUCICBiSK & CO., 218-220 Montgomery
s.reet.
OQA *> LARGE ROOMS: 2 STORY, WITH
V — ". large, yard arid stable; 4144 Twenty-fifth
St., near Castro.
$18—6 rooms: porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
m.. near Twenty-sixth.
-.sl6— 5 rooms; porcelain bath; 542 a Castro su,
near Nineteenth. -
1/LATS TO LKT .FOR VEX* LITTLE
' money at BALDWIN <fc HOWELL'S, 10 Mont.
f ornery st.
>BEAI' MODERN FLATS, ' 5 AND 6
\J rooms. SH to $16: «m» th^m. .123 «<-Tenth ot.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
■ California Streec.
]CIO CALIFORNIA— LARGK RUNNY UN-
'i"O furnished, parlor floor, bath, storeroom,
hot and cold water; large nicely furnished room.
Cleveland Street.
■1 9 CLEVELAND. OFF 7TH. NR. FOLSOM-
J — Front sunny furnlsh'd bousekeping suite, «9.
Eddy Street.
si £. EDDY ST.-FRONT AND BACK PAR-
II *J lor, Kitchen, porch: connecting; running
water; furniahed for light housekeeping; $25.
J ntli >trees.
m FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
IUI nished rooms to leu
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS: FURNISHED COM-
iiJLjJ pleie for housekeeping: reasonable.
l'illinoro Street.
iJTA 8 BUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
1 \J- good yard. 2212 Fiilmore st,, near Clay.
iolsom Stree.. .
7fl/f FOLSOM— NICE, SUNNY, FRONT. FUR-
• "*r Dished rooms, with privilege of ■ light
housekeejil g.
870 rOLBOM, NEAR FIFTH-FURNISHI-D
Oi •> housekeeping 'rooms -and suites; 5.8 up
month.
Q7A FOLSOM— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
<?•■! rooms; housekeepgj private family; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
J?ouith street.
99- FOURTH— ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
— *-•-' light housekeeping.
■ Fulton Ktreet.
]](? FULTON— 3 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
XX rooms; complete; yard; sunny side; cheap.
Golden Gate Avenue.
I T\n GOLDEN O ATE— BURNISHED HOUSE-
I UU keeping rooms and furnished sunny rooms;
$5 up.
Market Street.
1 0955 MARKET— 3 ROOMS, $3: SUNNY
I V/— O front rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
cheap.
Martha Place.
0 MARTHA PLACK, OFF GEARY, NEAR 1
0 Taylor— furnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; rent f.j and $7.
. Mason Street.
«-| q MASON. OPP. NATIVK SONS' HALL—
"i 1O Nicely furnished sunny rooms: «6 mo. up.
Minna stree;.
?\AR MINNA — FU~rTIkHKD ROOMS FOR
Ur£\J housekeeping; large yard.
"(Q MINNA — 2 NICELY FURNISHED,
wiO sunny housekeeping rooms.
. Mission Street.
Q9"l MISSION— SUNNY SUITE: COMPLETE
C£j housokeeplug; parlor floor; furnished or
unfurnished; $10.
QO'l MISSION— SUNNY BKDHOOM.KITCH-
t/— O2 en and exclusive bath; complete for house-
keeping.
Mr MISSION— SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE
• suite: romp etc, housekeeping
.OU.IUIII I »U«»-.
NATOMA-3 SUNNY ROOMS COM-
DtiU pleie for housekeeping: low reau
>intn Street.
91 NINTH— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
— 1 for light housekeeping; running water.
Oak Street.
fQ OAK — *10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
'JO pariors; first floor; sink and place for stove.
O'larralt Street.
«Q1 O'FARRKLL-FRONT SUITE NICELY
10l furnished fooms.
1 A Of: O'FARRKLL ST.— ALCOVK. ROOM,
I iOi.) kitcn< n, Dath, complete for housekeep-
ing; use of parlor; rent $13.
Fearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
or 3 ■well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
fine Street.
GflQ PINE-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
OUt7 10 reat from $5 up: suitable for gentlemen
or light housekeeping: gas. grate, running water
and cose:.
.Folk street.
n(\~ POLK — HOUSEKEEPING: ALCOVE
QUO sulies; kitchen; double parlors; bath; gas;
cheap.
Powell Street.
Q1 O POWELL. NR. CAY- ROOMS UN-
tJi '/ furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
Seventh Street.
1 19 SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
I "-i«_ kitcneus;aliu> single rooms; newly renovated
ShotTrell Street.
9 FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED ROOMS
— tor housekeeping; rent reasonable. ti'-S shot-
well su
Silver Street.
IP- SILVER. NKAR FOURTH - SUNNY
IDi.) front room and kitchen; furnished for
housekeeping.
Muckton Street.
1 OHT STOCKTON ST.— FINK FURNISHED
' OU I rooms for housekeeping : rent cheap.
17,,0 SIOCKTO.N- CONNECTING ROOMS
X ivO famished complete for housekeeping;
\ yard; cheap.
Any lor street.
9 \C\ TAYLOR-SUNNY FURNISHED BASE
IVJ ment for housekeeping: 3 rooms.
jkliiru sires;.
1 I Q THIRD — DOUBLE ROOM. 16: FUR-
IX 1/ Dished front bousekpg rooms, cheap rent.
Twenty-fifth Street.
A~\ C(l TWENTY-FItTH. FEW DOORS EAST
rxXOJ* of Castr6— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
suitable for light housekeeping: no children; bath
and nary; ladies only; rent SO a month.
Washington (Street.
-f)n WASHINGTON -BUNNY UNFUR-
• >\J noshed housekeeping rooms ; running water.
Miscellaneous.
c 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
•J— I until 9:3u o'clock: branch offlcs ot Tv
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
•ROOMS TO LET.
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AYE., NEAR TWENTY-
— I IO tilth— Lovely furnished looms; sunny ;
near school; $12.
Bush Street.
797 BUSH —PLEASANT ROOMS: SUITE.
( — * hiogle: day, week or month; housekeeping
privileges.
j California Street.
7HQ CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED ROOMS:
1 UO sunny; bay view; bath and gas; rent from
$4 up. . . • v rt%.
7AQ CALIFORNIA — SUNNY, FURNISHED
I UO rooms; bay view; central locviion; gas and
bath. .y"; ■:
x-ddy Street.
"I 1 Q EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE:
XXO other sunny, clean rooms, $5 up; no tran-
sient.
Q9Q EDDY — LARGE SUNNY UNFUR-
«J_O cishetf front room.
' Jt-ighth Street.
Q1 EIGHTH. NEAR FOLSOM-3 LARGK
OXU rooms: rent $10.
SHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUnE. 28 BTH
bt., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
tills Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INC ANDEB-
-cent lights: readins-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50:
week. 12 to $8; month, (8 to $30; elevator on
office floor-, rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
POYAL KAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN—
Xt furnished suites: single; elevator, beaters, etc.
79-I KLIIS-SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET,
I •— X us,e of oath, in private family; rent (5.
AlUli Street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission; rooms
bOc, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
OAQ FIFrH— NEW HOUSE: SUN.NY, BAY-
O\JiJ window room with complete kitchen; $12.
1 ourtli Street.
Q1 f* FOURTH - 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
•> I \J front rooms with u«e of piano, $10 and $«;
both $15; other sunny rooms, cheap.
1 "lion Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE)' - NICELY
furnished tmi; single or en suite; $8 <fc $1(5 up.
Oeary Street.
91 7 GEARY, UNION SQUARE - SUNNY
— 1 • rooms suitable for business.
007 GEARY. COB. MASON (LAZKLLE)—
00 I Newly furnished sunny rooms; all outside.
QfjO GEARY, COR. HYDE- LARGE BUNNY
Ouai alcove room; lor 2 gentlemen. .
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GaTK —SUNNY FRONT
«_ 1 *J roams from $5 up.
nor GOLDEN GATE AYE— $5, «10; FUR-,
\JOU nls:.ed parlor; also 2 suuny single rooms
with running water. v,
1 AC\A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FUR-
-1 '±\J'i nUho 1 room for two; rent $5.
j v essle : street.
OQZ JESSIE, NX. FIFTH-1 LARGE AND 3
OUu connecting housekeeping rooms. .
Jones Street.'
ri n JONES-SUNNY ROOM FOR 1 OR 2
Ox U people; newly furnished; »2 50 week.
C 1 (I JONES— NEAT FKONT SUNNY BOOM
Old (or gentlemen or girl working.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
BOOMS: TO LET— Continued.
iiutny Street.
A FLINGTCN HOUSK. 327 KEARST —
X\- Pleasant sonny rooms, en suite and single; firs:
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
Larkiu Street.
I 9fkA LARKIN, COR. BUSH— FURNISHED
IJm VJ\J sunny front room; $5 month.
Uaikot street. ' ■
•\7-CSKMITE HOUSK. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 night, iS5c to $1: week. $1 60 to$&: families. '
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, SO. NEAR
Mason— Sunny front room; $3; gent.
.uiAiiliifr Street.
1 99 Q MCALLISTER — DOUBLE PaRLOR
1— • t' ana alcove, with boaxd. »20, or house*
keeping.
91inna .«ir,reo;. .
A^A MINNA— 2 OR 3 BACK HOUSEKEEP-
trOtt ing rooms, cheap; separate entrance.
UUn MINNA, COH. EIGHTH— NKWLY FUR-
OU I nisbed bay-window rooms: Si per week.
7971 MINNA— TWO FURNISHED ROOMS:
I — I ■, gas: bath; hot and cold witter; $6 and .*».
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI MISSION: ("ELECT
family rooming-bouse-, $150 to $3 per week.
I f\ - C MISSION— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
I\JOO parlor, with kitchen; also single rooms.
THK EAST LYNN, 1063 MISSION.— FRONT
X rooms and others, housekeeping. '
Ninth Street.
I -I Q NINTH-BAY-WINDOW ROOM; FOLD-
XXt7 ing bed; grate; sun all day; central.
1 Ortl NI3TU.ST.— LutGE. NEATLY FUK-
-1 OU« nt«bed from room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and grate; $tito£B.
l'lue street.
f»9"l PINE— DOUBLE FRONT ROOM SUIT-
U— i able for two men; running water; $8; also'
others. .
l-olk Street.
1 P\Q9 POLK— NICE SUNNY ROOMS AT THE
lt)O«> Glenwood House; cheapest rooms in the
city. MRS. KATE GREEN, proprietor.
to*: Strees.
■OANrOLPH HOUSE, POST AND MASON
XXi sts.— so bay-wludnw parlors: smaller rooms:
gas, running water, etc ; $1 50 to $4 per week.
POST— ELEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS,
U — .— bath, hot and cold water, $8; sunny suites,
reasonable.
Second Streec.
m SECOND — SUNNY FURNISHED
lit) rooms, single and doable; $1 week up.
Seventh street.
"I Of* SEVENTH— 2 LAUGE FRONT ROOMS;
XOU housekeeping; cheap. ■
.- ii- 11 S>reet.
9 A SIXTH, NEAR MARKET— NICELY FUR-
O nlshed sunny front suite.
QO SIXTH— THE HILL^DALE-QUIET, SUN-
OO ijy single rooms; transients solicited.^
rpHt FIKDM"NT, 119 a SIXVH-.MCa SUN-
X ny rooms: moderu cOu vemeuces.
"I «'C SIXTH— f.'HEAI'kST IN THE CITY:
X —t/ double and single frojt rooms.
btockton Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON—
X nlsbed rooms, single, $1 50 to 93 per week;
suites, $4 to «9 per week ; by the night, 6Uc to $2;
bot and cold water, bath and elevator.
Turk Street.
m TURK — LARGE BUNNY SUITES
X XU handsomely furnished; single; board optnl
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— LAKUE SUNNY ROOMS, $7
I"t/ and $9. ; .- , V
lehainn Street..
| 41 Cl TEH AM A. NR. FIFTH- NICELY FU»
i 1 1 us nlsned large front room, bultabie for lor
2 young men.
fcliacel lAneout.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN lit ST.. NEAR MISSION:
k branch office of Tex Call, (subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOABDINQ AND ROOMS.
QQOO TWENTY-FIRST, COR. GUERRERO—
OOt/— . Bay-window suites or single; famished
or unfurnished.
Z.C\'S> ELLIS-SUNNY SUITES; ALSO SIN-
-000 gle. with board: reasonable.
FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS FOP. RENT:
with or without board: on streetcar line. 449
Delmas aye-, Sao Jose.
rj-l i) POST— 2 LARGF. SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
• -» — board, for 2; $40 up; uso parlor.
OI.Q JONES — LOVELY SUNNY PARLOR
OUt/ suite and elegantly furnished single rooms,
with board; large windows on all sides; furniture,
etc.. entirely new; water hot and. cold; splendid,
luxurious bath: new house; flower garden; three
blocks from Baldwin Hotel; perfect home for gen-
tlemen who enjoy comfort; mo-t convenient and
comfortable rooms to bo had: (20,
UN NY ROOMS; Gam AND BATH; WITH
board: rt-asonabie. 126 Tenth s:.
mi£ VAN NESS AYE NEWLY FUB-
OwO niabed tunny rooms or suite, with board.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
XX open under new management; has been ar-
tistically tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
throughout: hot and cold water In every room :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice o- carpets and fu.nl. ure; the
table, under the supervision or K>.was»ie. the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
1401 VAN - NESS . cob. bush— parlor
XTtv/X suites; single and double rooms; board.
HOTEL Br.RTLI.\U. 714 JJc SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: ail modern conveniences.
CUILDKK.N BOARDED.
PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD NOT UNDER
X 4 years of one at 1727 »» ca Ulster st.
STOKES TO LET.
"I Lf ROOMS AND BATH: FIFTH 5T..... $650
xU 12 rooms, neatly furnished ; easy terms. 450
48 rooms: corner, on butter st. 2800
300 more houses on our list.
WILKK, 783 Market.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS To LET, USED AS
old-established bakery. , 466 Sixth st.
ATTRACTIVE STORE WITH FIXTURES.
J\. SO3 Van Ness aye.. next to cor. Grove st.
pORNER STOKE: NEW HOUSE; SUITABLE
Xj tar, grocery, barber-shop, any business; near
depot; SIR. 34S0Tweuiy-nUh si., cor. Valencia.
C^KiAR-HTORK WITH FIXTURES TO LET;
\J 1739 Mission. Inquire next door.
LARGE STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
Xj 4 large rooms: rent on v $22 60. 422 Sixth.
OFFICES TO LET.
99^ POWELL, CORNER oEARY— NEWLY
— — «i renovated sunny parlor suite: furnished or
partly. '■
DENTISTS.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket, oct. 3d and 4th; giu 8 specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, 91 ; plates, 97 up; fill, $1 up.
ULL BKT OK TEETH. -..WARRANTED 5
years; palnles* extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yean: fillings. &0c; crowns, (3 50.
CHICAGO DENTAL JfAULOItS, 24 Sixth ctree:.
$7 FULL < HET TEETH: BEt> !' MAKE:
O • . kept in repair; extracting free; rllllnpi,f.Oc;
crowns, 93 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
"POSITIVELY PA IN i.Ki>-> EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, COOSutter cor. Powell: u-1.main5375
R. J. J. LEEK, 1128 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentfstrr taught
COLTU.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 80tiJd.AU-
V ket st. UK. CHARLES W. DECKKiI.
&7 A SET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED A3
O' good as can be made: tilling 91. I>R *IMII4
dentist. 930 Market su. next Baldwin Theater.
■pAINUBSS , KXTRACIION, COc: V CKOWN
I r.rMce work a specialty: plates 95 up: IS yean
rieuca. K. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815% Ueary.
PR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 M.AKKKT S'l\ . NIC
XJ Eleventh; * no : charge 'lor extracting . when
plates are made: old platas made over like ■ new;
teeth from 93 per tew extracting 60c: gas givea.
IjET Ut 'liiE I'll' WlTiioU i 1 «.r^.^.**_ *j+*
O H.O. Young, 18U Polk s^
R. OEOttOS ' W. LEEK, 1 ' 1 THR \i OKNUINB
- Leek dentist, discoverer or painless extractioa
and patentee of < improved bndgo work or teocli
without any plate, moved from 6tolo a Farreil j:. j
U WOSK KBABONABLK AND Wa¥
ALL WORK J. W. Kit Y. 1320 AND rt'Ai.
xanted DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market at.
A WEEK'S" NEWS FOR 0 CENTS — TH*
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. _
■ . : . : PERSONALS. '
■V"OTICE TO THE PUBLIC OF THIS CITY—
-Li If any body of men think that {■ ey can stand
the Gospel of Jesus Christ and desire to have it
preached In all Its lullness Into oi.e sermon I
w.li do it twe of charge If you will rent me a hull.
Address WILLIAM A. GILES. 444 Jessie st.
I'VE GOT A' LARGE ENOUGH PATRONAGE
J. to fcq able to quote the very lowest prices for
tbo very best work; bair-dretsiug, any style, 26c.;
shampoo ana plain hair-dressing, 50c.; b eachin;
io '8 of hair. COc: excellent swl cue* lor $1, $1 5 )
and 52: the b'i.t for »_ 00 aid 83, grays included.
G. LEDEBKR. 111 Stockton st. .
. .
rriIIEWASTKD MAGNBTIi-M
-L or tbe er«ciiie tissues lesupplied permanently,
restoring their natural sensibilities; conditions
essential to the iiTvo-vkal functions, by Da.
SMITH'S, ELECTKO-M A GNETIC BATHS; you
go and be cured ti>-doy. Sanitarium,ls33 Buchanan.
Eii THAT LIMP; ~~~"
us> Vita Oil and rou can't limp: theoniy
tti!:. that 'an do it too: cures apr ins, bruises,
lninene.ti'i and soreness: try It: SI b;L * 6 ¥5; $10
gal.; chss. prepaid. Address 1533 BUCHANAN.
ENITINE VAPOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS
13TJ given by an extcrienced nurse. 1846.Market
st . room 2.
A BOTTLE OF ANTOINETTE LOTION PRK-
sented to every lady caiini; at my store Tuts-
da- and Wednesday. MME. MaKCUAND, store
107 Geary st., office and laboratory 2a.
1 ddd BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $1 50;
lvjyjyj show cards, etc HILL, 22 V_ Geary st.
It' ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
'» Inc. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St.,
bet. Muson and Powell. \ ;
AN FRANCISCO, APRIL 9, 1897— JOE LEV-
O RONI, 522 Green St., S. F. : , You are hereby no-
tified that unless you call on the undersigned, 828
Harrison st., within 3 days from date of notice,
and pay the Da'ance on wagon yon purchased No-
vember 10, 1896, the \va:on win bo sold to satisfy
the balance ana expenses on the same. J. STAH-
lkcki;.
JOSEPH greve^'s OPERA SCHOOL fur-
<J nishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera aats
for the protesslonal siage, nun for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
buildlDg, Market anil Jones, rooms 1.1 and l-'J.
T ADIES IN WANT OF STRICTLY PRIVATE
.lJ hOGO in confinement, 20 week: everything
found. Further particulars apply or address MRS.
McLANE, 34 Fc.l St.
DOCTOR (EXPERIENCED) WANTS GOOD
country location or position. D. J-;., box 117,
this oaice.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Ki hth st., Alameda,
SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS JtE-
-0 moved to 7 Grant aye., rooms 1. 2 and 3.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
X tailoring; lowest prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWI« A .-PEC-
J\ laity: private: no fee v.ithou; success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale 1
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, ai:y-at-!a\v, 850 -larket.cor.Stocktn
HEUMATISH OURSD OR MONEY RE-
fnoded: poor treated free. 305 Eddy st.
ME. LEON A- BEAUTY PARLOUS; GEN-
' nine magnetic tieatmeots. Km. 3, 995 Market
MMX. MYRTLE POTTER REMOVED FROM
136^: Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
ME. ROWLAND. PALMIST; MAGNETIC
treatments a specialty. Room I, 223 Post st.
HAVE -SOUR HOUSE PAINTF.DW'ITH Al
stock, dope or (U&Otl; rooms papc-red 92
up. wtiltenea,slsoup: p:ipered,Kraineo,vainlshed,
$5 up. AMBROSE & SCHaaF, 101:9 Kearny st.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
XV service. Etoms 19. -0 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
1 (\l)(\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED. *1 50;
XUUU show cards, etc. HILL, 2.' i/ 9 Geary st,
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonab'.e: 10 years' experience: all ma.ters
j confidential. G.K. WEBSTER, 1027 Marker
MISS JESSIE AND LIZZIE KEEGAN, LATE
with G. Lederer. expert' hairdresser, ayeln,;
and bleaeh^g m specialty. l-4Vi O'Faxrell St.,
phone Brown 353.
SUITS TO order on INSTALLMENTS: *1
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Ca, 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN KESTAU- i
rants combined: F. DELM<JNTE A: CO.. pro-
prietors of the old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 4HI
broednar. have consolidated with MR. ANGELO
DSLMOrTTE. proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 430-432-434 Broadway, just opposite.
HUFSCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. 623 Golden Gate ay. Tei.,Sutter47l.
l\r ALL PAPER AT COST: PA INTINO. PAPF.R-
.'»' hanging and interior decorations our specialty;
best workmen only. "ME RIG AN." 1302 Webster.
MAGMSCOP — NEW 1-ROJKCTINO MA-
-»' chine; uses the kineloscope liiros: price re-
duced, 150. BACIGALI PI, 946 Market st.
C?.l A. DOZEN— FINE CABIK—Xo -V \, A _.
OX" KON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
|>1G Ol'iDOUl'. STEREOPTiCON -H<JW KVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth r:s. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
car altlN"lliOMKj*Y si M BRANCH OFFICE
<J_. : \.i'i iti. Ca__: ^... _..i _ua Kuoscripuoat
taken.
L. ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL O*' : MAGAZINE
-I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc, 424 Pine at: illustration. :_c-is_ea
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
UPTUI'.k AND PILES CURED: NO PA If
XV until cured: send for book. DRSL M_N»
HELD «fc PORT ELD. b3S Market St.
ELI UTKiU LIGHI.S IN KVJCKX ROOM:
XJ Winchester House. 44 Third st. nr. Market;
'.00 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week ; tree bus and baggage to and lrom the Jerry.
CLOAKS. FtK.-S A.u< BL'll's RETAILED At
wholes&lfi prices. Fnctorr. 'JO hansom* m.
I>K AKKKs. >:; \
DRESSES FROM $2 50 VP; CAPES. $1 UP; '
wrappers. 60c up. 431 .Minna st.
'"MUSICAL INSTEL'MKMS.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
2\. We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $5, 57. $8, $9. $10
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every I
grade: don't pay rent when the same ruoir.hly I
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny aud auuur eta., Stela-
way dealers.
» BbOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
J:\- bouse west of Chicago Is KOULER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and tOu'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, oi all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
every thine possible dona 10 pleuse auU satisfy IUo
customer.
CIU.-.LLY THE BEST BAKOAISs IN PI-
aDOs; monthly payments from $5 up: deliv-
ered tree with siool and cover: correspondence !
solicited. THE F. W. SPKNCEB COMPANY, I
salesrooms 033 Market X, opp. Maaoa; esiaU I
l.slu-vi over 120 years. -
■ FLU' sKLKCT BAROAINS-PIANOSS3O. $75, I
r $80; feicinway. 9125: Wi-ber, ?2so; Uardmnn, !
%:H)U: onrans cheap. THE J. DEWING CO., sec '
i oud floor, Flood building;, Fourth aud Market, su. I
BONA FIDE' REDUCTION IN PRICES— i
Haines. Knabe, Bush <& Herts and others; sec- j
bud-hand pianos from $100 up. "W. C. IIAMIL-
ION. successor to A. L. Bancroft <fc Co., 824 .r/ost. j
Cj A(\ FOR MY PIANO-MUST GOATO.NCE; I
tlpiw splendid tone: in perfect order; do deal- I
ers. MRS. PARXINUTON, 1625 Church St., H. F. j
HAW, STEIN Wa 1, »250: CHICK.ERING. I
«185; bargains, B=l a month; a nice »mall up- '
right, *95. HJiINE, 13U Ellis su . j
fl>l Or $150— BEST BARGAINS IN THE i
<IPJ-—C». cty: good second-hand uprights. Tae
ZENO MAUVAI - Muslo Co., 769 Market su
ARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
scilMlTZ. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla
Jtalik. .. , .
Q9'/\ UPKIGHT PIANO (DECKER
<JS^.OU. Bros.'): cos. $500. Apply 835 Pine st. !
Ojl r\(\ ELEGANT GROVESTEEN FULLER
J-Uv. piano $s installment* 221 i.eaveuwortu
BARGAIN, $75; ERARD. FISCHER AND
other uprights. lIOIiN UNO'S, 216 Post st,
©I rr- Xt.W UPRIUHT, STOOL." SCARF;
<pX i O. warranted 0 yra. BRUENN'S, 22B Post.
AT bHKR.VIA..N, CLAY <SS CO.'S ONLY WILL I
yon find a stock of new stelnway pianos.
W' li. BADOKIt. bOi.K Ai.KNTiORHALLET
.&, Davis and Frr.nci» Bccon pianos. 415 aacux
YRONrMACZY. iUt> Po.VJL 1 ST._sOHMiix<.
Newb-.- & Evauv-KrißKs ana other piano*.
ol'l'iCKlUi'. VIOLIN:*. ZlTlir-ltS, OLD& NEW I
OH. MULLEJi. maker, repairer 2 j A :ham place,
- . IiMAAfiAL,
l»r ANTED— S6OO AT.BX PER ANNUM FOR
v " one year. f Address M., box 76, Call. ■
mUTTLK <fc LOFTIS, LAND AOKNTS. NE-
X gotlate loans. 620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
PROPOSALS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-SEALED
X- proposals for customary privileges at Ingle-
s de racetrack , for the: season of 1b97-98 will be |
received at the office of the secretary, Parlors A ■
a:id B, Palace Hotel. Bids. will be opened at 0 i
o'clock p. m.. Saturday, April 10, 3897. •
a F. H. UREKN.Becratary.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
fOHNE. RICHARD^ LAW Oi"t KooJli
*' \i'\ and 27, Crock er MiilQlHit; t«l»vnou* Umm
V 5, baa I'rancisco, Wai. '
CITIBEAt ESTATE.
pOTTAQE, 4 ROOMS— LOT 25*123: PRICE
\J $1150: cash down $600. bal. *8 mo., without
interest, till paid. Cor. Calif, and Powell, Mission.
(2j7F.n COT i AGE ANu LOT ON 31 PROS-
(JJ) I O\J. : pect aye. App y 919 Valencia st.
C; 1 9«H 104 ACRES IN SANTA CLARA
nT lZ.O\_f. County;, mnst sell or exchange for
grocery-store- ■or lodging-house. I::q ire at 410
Keamy st., room 10.
■ ■■
I OT 80x106, ON THE EAST LINE OF ASH-
jj bury St., south 160 feet from Frederic-: lor
sale, j H. FOKSTEN, 423 Bush st.
OT« ON 43D AVK. AND T ST. FOR SALE
very reasonable; no agents; also lots la Ocean
View. 6Vi» Golden Gate aye.
ONLY 1 LE.-T— NEW Houses, just COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street to be Dim-
mlnlzed. Apply on premises. ■ ■ ■;
Si 'AA OFFER WANTED: FINELY
_:«JUw. bul.t cottage on Twenty-sovpnth st.,
bet. Dolores and church: we must, sell this place
on account of the mortgage. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st ■ ■•.- 
=
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions; no delay*.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Jiiasiuu a-, above btxeo.
telephone Jessie 41.
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
•nd jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 848 Market St.: telephone Green 204.
•yt'-irirt d(\l) AT 6 Vz l'iSR CENT ON city
tJJjUVU. \J\JV real estate; also Oakland: estates
life Insurance, second mortgace, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mills building, ground floor. •
ANY AMOUNT: IST, ';i>;OR St» MORTGAGES,
estates, nndivlded imprests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without ' removal.
McCOLUAN, 24 Montgomery c:.. room 3.
LIBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMOND?, KW-
* dry. e:c. : low Interest. Cut-rate Loan office.
r. 7, Flood bldcr, SOU Market: tel. brown 191.
ft^9^ Odd AT HANK KATES: IST AN
<Q*J~O.\J\J\J 2d mortKaees, estates, rents, etc.:
lend as low as 50. H. MURPHY, ti-d Market s-
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
if We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
en 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. SCRIttNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL EsTATE:
iv any amount- WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., r. 3.
MONEY TO LOAN ON FIRST AND SECOND
mortgages. 410 Kearny St., room 10.
CO AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
<J)±U low Interest. JOS. B. 'lOPLITZ, 33J Piue.
Q- XC\ TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE; IST 4 2D
«D*JU mort?.; any proposition. Dr>aen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
tatPS in probate, etc. Kru. 7, 508 Calliornla. St.
o>| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
moval: low rates; private party. -19 Powell, r. 3.
ON Pi AN OS AND FUhNITURK. WITHOUT
removal very low Interest. - 116 McAllister st.
EDUCATIONAL
* NDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
Jr\. Mathematics: pupils prepared lv day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Calior-
nla and Stanford universities; teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'u classes; mathematics mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R., 40- Parrot*, bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Octavia st.. t-au Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Profesior
I G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa..
teacher. . Office days. Friday p. m, Saturday a. — .
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, sborthani,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branch**,
dec:ricai englueerinij: "jO teachers; 15,000 *r*au-
ties; day and evening sessions: catalogue.
* YKES-, THE LEADING COLLEGE, 32>
-V Montgomerr »t.; Indivldaal instruction 13
eborthand, typing, bookjteeplng, telegraphr. eta
Me scholarship 950: low rates per neck and mi
SHORTHAND. • TYPEWRITING SCHOOL:
0 i-mclish, German; lvate or c!nss; low rates.
Room 32. Donohue building, over the Maze.
ELAaCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPE 1 ;. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire aDd vocal music »14 Geary st.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL: MKCH.. ELEC
J— civil, wining, sarvey, assar, archir.. X ray
lautht; e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 Mkt
BANJO TA OGHT T > EG INN F. 25 C NTS
XJ per lesson. Address A., box 76, Call Office.
MANDOLIN. TAR- AMATEUK PLAY-
i't ers to join c;ud. P. OF. MtltKl, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERMAN, 75c; PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
servatory and German High School. 110 Mydest
AMY J. DEAS, 405 MCALLISTER— VOICE
culturc.plano:pri.les.s-br.,vocalclasseßslmo.
IJOOKKPN'O. WKITNO. ARlTHil'lC. GKAMK,
JJdav Anight.: no daises: (5 month. H45 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages; $2 ma 109 Taylor.
GUITAR, "MANDOLIN. PiANu AND VOC__
vJT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaui. 39 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch tta.ee. ___• Haves at.;
I open until 9:30 o'clock.
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cau*_-) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any lime; Instant relief for
travelers: homo in confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 80 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies tor monthly
suppression never fail: every asa guaranteed: con-
sultation free, contiden.lal: hours 10 to 5: pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st.. near Larkln.
K. J. H. JO^sELYN, THE UR.fc.AT SPECIAL-
Ist. still offers his valuable cervices to the nn-
fortunate. - With a mind ma ured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
trea'. to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has Leen strength-
ened by extensive experience, rti> case peculiar
ta> your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
rate in their « ■£ ■«<. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are ■ never- failing in their
action, anil are warranted for both youn^ find old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors, 9jti
Market st. Call or write direct to 90b Market
rooms 11 and 12. ■
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
J*«s: never fails In nny case of monthly sick-
ness, no molter what cause; no electricity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods; money in every
case refunded If a cure is not effected; travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister su, next Hiberma
Bank: hour*. 9 a. m. to S and 7 to 8 f. if.
A .\i\V PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
J\. strumeut mcd: every woman her own physi-
cian tor all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day: can be sent
and osed at home: positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office; advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearuy st.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
elore every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others Cave failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice tree; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. D& DaLEY, 1123
Market st. over the Owl Drugstore.
R. FOULKTS FRENCH CAPSULES —A.
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
ease* (no matter whet cause): positively safe and
Bare; no anger or after effects: taken in time 1:
•iso acts as a preventive: prlc« $1 60 per box;
sent free by mall c:i receipt v* trie* WALLi.it
BROS.. 23 Graqc ay&
K. AND MR 1 * WKGENER. 5.'6 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and aurlnz confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: test care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation tree; pills §'i.
Xli UOODWIN, bI'KCIA LISTS. -LADIES
near or tar: ' safe, quick cure guaranteed, Any
disease or complaint; borne tor patients: best skill.
free diagnosis: low tees: self-cure. 401 Van Nesi
A LPEAUS FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
jCi. dies with female troubles; nodauuer; TOLA-
dles wltn female troubles; nodaucer; saf«and
sure; $2 60 ex press CL O. D. don't delay until too
late. OUGOOD BROS;. Coast Agents. Oakland;CaU
A bURE CURE FOR . ALL : FEMALE DIS-
-^V eases from' whatever causa; ' a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER. 226 Turi «.;; :■;
A LL FEMALE ' COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XX. eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT';-, 410 Geary st : • consultation free.
DU PRAE'S FEMALK RKGULATXNU PILLH;
safe and efficient emmenazosne: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drui;gists, 406 Clay st.,soleagts, *
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN; At
his museum. 1051 ■ Maricet st. : s his 2SQ yeacj* '
inccessfui practice Is a guarantee of fair treatmeiUa I
tile worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
N>-URPA'SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MRS.DR. PUETZ. 254Jyi 4th.
I \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. 2f .cAii :
Xi Jones. Diseases of women ana cblldrea. * <
PHYSICIANS. ? ;
R. C." C. O'DONNELL, 1203 MARKET, RES.
U abt>4 l:siu oL ; aiteasM ox , women aspecialtx.
CIICSIRI REAT. ESTATE.
rpo CAPITALISTS AND LAND BUYERS.
We have in our hands for sale one of the finest
tracts or iruit land In tins State, and it is offeree as
a whole or In subdivisions at lowest prices and on
easy terms of payment.
The property is In Placer County, the banner !
fruit county of the State, near the main line of the I
central Pacific Railtoad and close to the great
shipping points of Newcastle, Rocfclln, Penryuand
Loom is.
The soil Is disintegrated granite, deep,' rich,
easily tilled mid in every way esie. laliy adapted -
to;trult culture. It is comparatively level - and
Hglitly covered with brush, ■ wbicn is easily
cleared. While Irrigation is not a requisite in this
sett ion. owiu^ to the abundant rainfall, theie is
a iar^e reservoir and di;ch near by which will
afford those facilities if r< quired.
l'hec.imate is will kuowu and cannot be ex-
cel I
The market facilities for the fruits of this
county are unsurpassed, and growers' returns are
up to the highest point. Placer County is cow the
largest shipper of d ciduous fruits of any county
in the -tate, and with citrus fruits Is fast forging
<heud to the <cad.
■"1 his property is well and favoraolv known as '
the "P.acer (.ounty Fruit lolony Tract": contains
920 acres, of which 160 are in full-beariiw
orchards of the eh ucesi varieties of cherries,
peucm-s, pear» and plums, carejully selected and
planted for prohtabie sues; ttie bui diDti me com-
fo luu.e; th« tract fronts on three main toun.y
roads and adjoins the Whitney lands, which, un-
improved, sold in 18iS at from «^5O to *500, and
are now highly improved and valuab c in propor-
tion: as a whole this ha property can be bought
for $75,ii00, one-.hird cash, valance on mortgage
at 7 per cent; if so.d la subdivisions the prices
wi 1 be governed by character of Improvements on
pieces selected; leims of payment as above.
'1 ha property purchased a« a whole and subdi- |
vided in o 20 tv 40 acre tracts should easily real-
ize $125,000. >
On account of closing up a partnership it must
be sold by us as promptly is possible, hence the
low prices named. *or further information ap-
ply to
SHAINWALD, BUCKBKE <£ CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st-. Mills building.
TO LET OR LEASK— FOR 1 OR Si YKAKS, A
nice residence of 9 rooms, with summer kitch-
en, pinztu and basement: cypress hedges, ana 1%
acres of assorted fruit; barn, carriage-house auu
other liou.es; tank of 10,000 Rations and windmill:
one mile from Belmont, about bO yards from sta-
tion; will Jet reasonable to a good tenant. Apply
to RICHARD McCA>*N, 217 Waller si.
rpo LEASE-ON LONG TERM, AT LOW RATE.
X fine farm land In il ndocino County: no cash
needed; pay taken in larui products or work. M.C-
EWEN i.BO^, UjiMonteomery st.
(&q PEU ACRE— LAND IN MENDO-
<PO cino County: close to shipping points: low
freights. McEWEN BRoS., 118 Montgomery st.
VI ANUFACTURINU BUSINESS TO TRADE
i-'l for a farm; 1000 in contracts bogs with the
business: price $2500. .tor particulars address
M. 8., box 132, Call Office.
■J.TORSALEOK EXCHANGE— ISACRE FRUIT
X orchard In bearing; unlncumbered; will ex-
change for house and lot in Oakland. Alameda,
Berkeley. San Francisco of equal value; price
$4000. Particniare 632 Market St., room 5, s. I .
.in TO $81): MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•JDTtu unimproved land: terms tosuit: frait, grain,
vegetables: rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bldg.
FOR SALE— A FINE LOT IN COLMA AT
. half-price; 25x120. A. S., box 60, this office.
ARLY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE LAND-
-1000 ceres of the "Wolfskin grant," ia lots
from £0 acres un, selling for Q*(i per acre on easy
terms: located 3mi es west of Winters, fal. For
particulars address W. H. URtGOKY, Winters,
i:al.
L OR SALE-3 POULTRY RANCHES, CON-
I sistltig of ireese. ducks, chickens and pigeons;
also \IH lots. 25x110 each, at $20 a lot. THOMAS
F. CO>KLIN,Red Flag, Six-mile station, san
Bruuo BOM.
BARGAIN; ALAMKDA COUNTY, 30 MILKS
from city; choice land; fruit, vegetables, grain
hay; flowing springs: *35 per acre. H. J. DIG-
ULES, 69 Columbian building, t-an Francis«».
T ITTLE H<JMES CLOSK 1O TOWN; IST
XJ proved; easy terms: a! so 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 > years' credit. D. H. TWISO, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market »t.. S. V.
C.£: AN ACKJK; 1-JBO ACKEd TIMJJER; GOOU
tST«J for stock or fruit; plenty water, a., box 40.
Tf.'T'l XE <£ LOFTIS. LA •■ D AGENTS: VERY
X large list of choice country property, every
class, location, for sale, exchange; bouses rented-
rents collected. &M Market st-. opp. Palace Hotel.
pOR SALE OR LEASE ALFALFA LANDS UN-
-1 canal, San .loaquin Co., on railroad: nr. Stock-
ton: $25 acre. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUY A HOUSE AND' LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
Fruit vale; only a minut 'a wa.k to the station;
see the owners at their office in Fruitva:e lor bar-
gains. Basse l T BUOS., Fmitvale Station.
OOD OAKLAND PROPERTY TO EX-
vT cuanpe icr small ranches; aiso bargains in
some residences on the Hci.Uii in Oakland. Ap-
ply to P. W. ANDKRSU>*, -8 fcau Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
OEN D STAMPS FOR CATALOGUES OF CALI-
O forma lands and homes. E. E. Bt'NCE, 1008
B railway, Oakland.
A CRTFICE: BUSINESS CORNER. 90x145;
O on ban Leandro road: rented for $22 per month
principals only. Apply S. l. R., box 18, Oakland
Office.
T AM INSTRUCTED BY THE BANK TO
X sell the following property, taken under fore-
closure: .
Ist. A 6-room modern cottage; larce lot; 3
blocks 10 local; 1 blork to cars: stores, church
and school; soon will be business property; lot
wor. h $'-'00 J: price $2400. $400 cash.
2J. High class r»-»:(lenc • property on Harrison
BL; corner, 7Hx150: hous« modern, 10 rooms;
best residence port. on of, the city; mortgaged one
year ago for $15,000; can now be bought for $10,-
-000. '
3d. On Parker St., Berkeley, bait block to
Dwi™lit way .itation. neat 5-roorn cottage; almost
new; forced at $1150: cost $2000. i
J. S. iIYERs, Real Estate, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
SNAP — »^5O DOWN, BALANCE $25 PER
O month: house of S rooms and bath, lot 35x1*28,
on .Maei.olia st.. near Fourteenth; must be sold.
L.. l all Office, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HKALTHFITL HOMESITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fltchburs. beyond Frultva the best property
for Investment now offered : local trams and
electric cars: 10 minutes, to Oakland and 48 to
San Francisco; splendid : climate, out of damp
i bolt: soil excellent for gardening: very beat water
! facilities; good school; terms to suit. Before buy-
J ing in this locality see the owner of this property.
. C. M. hI'SKLE 915% Washington st., upstairs.
I room 28, OaKland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENrS
JIT,AMKDA HKAL I'HTATT!.
OARGAiNi ALAMEDA COUNTY: 80 MILES
*> from city; choico land; Jruit. hay, xrain, veg-
etables, with livinc springs: 925 to $35 per acre.
11. J. itIUGLK.-S, 69 Column. butldtn«, ». F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD: MODERN HOU«K OF 8
rooms and bath: corner lot 50x125; nice
grounds: grand view; near U. C. and nation;
owner has to go south: price Si7so. cost 93500.
O. G. MAY & CO , 2123 Center su, Berkeley.
Q() ACRES: NEWCASTLE FRUIT BELT;
O\J partly improved. 251 Haven st., Oakland, j
\ JUST* BE BOLD; HOUSE OF 6 KO 'MS; LOT
i*l 45x125; stree work Cone; near the stntlon :
no ri asonable offer refused. J. J. MASON, Berke-
ley station.
.1 COTTAGES TO UK NT OR FOR SALE ON
\ — Sbattuck- nve.. North Berkeley. Inquire at
| Thompson's Howl. , . - .
j i i. i i —
LEGAL , >OTICKS.
IpOR SALE— SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION
. by the Superior Court— business of the late
j J. P. TUO3U- (■jW. cor. of Clay and Davis sis.,
I San I rune s-o, and at > liico, Cal ), < onsistlnc of
the stock, fixtures, good will and credits.
Bids will b»> received by A. C. FRKESE, Special
Administrator of the estate of J. P. THOMAS, de-
ceased. • .' .
1. For the entire business as conducted both in
San Francisco and Clitio
.2. Separate bias for eaeb of the stores at San
Fraud and C'blco. ; .
[ 3. For the stock, fixtures and good will of the
I Kan Fraact&c • store '^-^niMnMRtKaC^SBi
4, Merchandise in warehouses as per inventory.
6. Such other bids as parties may desire to
make. .
• All bids to be filed with A. C. FREESE br Mon-
day, April 12. 1897. at 9:30 o'clock of said day,
and be accompxnied by a certified ch«-c- for 10
per cent of th« offer. Bidders are r^ques ed to ap-
pear bt-fore Jnd^e Slack of the superior • ourt at
1:80 p. x., of said day, upon confirmation pro-
ceed. •
A. C. FREESE, Special Administrator of the
ate of J. P. THOMAS, deceased. •
. STORAGE. v
AGE- ROOMS, 25x10, $3 PER MONTH;
rooms lOxl'a »2; new and dry. DECKEK.
Marke. St. - ;;.
EKDUC L> : tiATKs, ffVKNITQnIt, I'l.viSUSii
i. t honaeholu gooJs. etc. J. ix.. i-iERCic 735 MkU
HOTELS. . . , . ■
ÜBOOKLYN HOTEL,' ■ 208-212 BUSH ST.,
i-> board and room 91 to |2 per day. 16 to *li
per week; cholco rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
looms for family $i to si 50 per night: I tint-class
MTVice; UttStOMCU CiiAKLJiS iiOMUUiii.li>'
»-■.: PBOPKET7 TO EXCHAXGK.
On-ACRE ORCHARD, NEAR KIEKWOOD;
£A) TeliamaCoun y, with stood bouse and fence,
p enty of water: also beautiful lot in Golden Gate,
Berkeley: 50xl3t> feet: to exchange for city piop-
erty. GJEO V» . AtiMßlil'SiEH, 34 Montgomer/.
ljljl MM..-, S AND LOIS, $100 TO 8.000
J.I/U ISO ranches, all sizes. 8200 to 6,000
200 business places, from 525 i 0.... 5,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. V. DKCKKR. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
PROPERTY WANTED.
T\ ANTi D-TO BUY A HOUBK AND LOTf
»» B'Oi location: In Alameda, Oakland, Berke-
ley or Frultvale: price SI 000 to 3000 on the.
installment - p>an : »ma!l merit down. Address
H. W., box 135, Call Office, Son Francisco.
jiIIim— MARRIAGES— MkWi
' fßlrth, inarrlaeo and dea h notices seal or mail
will not le inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of the publication offices and be indoM3l
with the name and residence of periom autuoru9J
to have the same pubiisiie 1. 1
BORN".
FRANKS— In South Run Francisco, March 4.
IS<7. to the wife of William Franks, a daughter.
WAXsTOCK — April 10, 18&7, to the wife or Louis
W»x<toeic. n (lan^ii >>r.
3IAKKIK).
DETHLEFSEN-BRENNEMAR-In this city.
April 10,1897, by m o R«v. J. Fuendelln^, Chris-
tian KUolal De:hlefsen,and Mrs. Lizzie Bran- .
nemar. •
SOOMANN— WEIBS-In this city, April 9. 1897. ..
by the Rev. J. Fuendellnif. John J. T. Soomann '■
and Hr«. Marie K. A. Wei
- _____ _ __
Burke, Ed war J ■ Murphy, Jeremiah '.'
' Chevalier, Henry Murphy. Mary ;.-.'\'
Cooice. Patrick ' - Neelr. Isaac •■ ' '■ - :
Connolly. Kate son. Thomas' H.' '
Conwell. Thomas O'Brien. Cs'.hßi4a.». -. . ■
Fas;., Judson L. PanlUsen, I'etr.tnllla' ■ ■
Fraser— Pearce, Wlliiam<i. • ' '.
Gage, William S. Keidy. Joho • '
Harmon. Mary L Roberts, John C. ' •"
Hayes Michael Roth, Frank A. . " "•
Har.ey, Fred N. Runnels, Mahala D.' "
Hutton. Hannah K. Smith. Thomas B.- -.: • '
Moss, Morris Stark, Andrew U. '*• . :
V :•- Stewart, Robert W. . . ' • • ■
BURKE— In the Cit» ant Co'in'-r Hospital. April- .
11, 1897, >dward Burke, aged 32 years.' "■ ■ ' '
CHEVALIER-ln this city, April 10. 1^97 Henry
chevalier, beloved brother of Mrs. H. Metz.er,
a native of San Francisco, a^ed 36 years 3 '
months and 3 days.
«S-Funeral private THIS DAY (Monday), it :
10 o'clock A. M.. from the residence of h;.3 sista'r, -
634 Waihingtun street. Interment L.O. O.F. -
. Cemetery. - ■;- •;„'.••.■• vj.'
COOKE -In this city, April 11, 1397, Patrick, be--
loved child of Patrick and Mary cooke, and : " =
brother of Edward, Mamie, John and Thoma» .
Cooke. , a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year .
and « months. -. j --
Friends and acquaintances an» respe'-:> .
ful y invited to attend the funeral THIS %X '
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the .residence •■
or tue parents, 12 Zoa street, between Bryant' ■
and Brannan. Third and Fourth. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— in this city, April 11, 1897, Kate.
beloved wife of John Connolly. and sister of
Maria Bowen, a native of County Roscommoo, : "'
Ireland. ; • ..'
BS~Frl9iiil3 and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW-
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., -from her lar* •'•
residence.. 1227 Florida street, tuence io '. fct-
Peter's Church. Alabama street whera a solemn
requiem muss will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. In--"
lerment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONWKLL— In this city, April 10. 1897, Thomai ■
beloved husband of lirldg-t Conwell. and father ■
of James, Lizzie, Thomas, Charles. Annie and
Maud Conwell, a nativu of the parish of Killy-
begs. County Donegal, Iral/nd, a ea 60 years. • ■
JS3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from hi* late ra»l-
dence, 139 Center street, oft" Branriaa between'-
Second a d Third, thence to St. Rose's Church
for services. luterment Mount Calvary Ceme- .
tery. -".;
FAST— In Alameda. April 8, 1897, Judson Lincoln
Fast, a native ot Ohio, aged 49 years and 8
months.
OS-Funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 1:HO
o'ciock p. m., from residence, 2203 San Antonio'
avenue, Alam.da. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
FRASER— In this city, beloved son of Simon P..
and Mary Fraser. and brother of Linaand irwia ■
Fraser. a native of Boston, Jiiiis.. used 20 ye<iri
11 mouths and 17 days. -
GAGE— In this city, April 11. 1*97. William Steb-
bins Gage, a native or lladr.U, N. V., aged 65
years o months and 11 days. .
HARMON— In this city. ADrll 9, 1817, Mat? I.
Hnrtnon, auatlvo or Minnesota, a?ed 47 yean.
HAYKS-In North Oakland. April 11, 1697,.
Michael Hayes, beloved brother of Mary Hayes,
Mrs. Hurley of Nevada City and the late Peter
Harei. a native of Ireland, a;ed 70 years. :. • • '
<B"Frlendj and acquaintance* are respeot-
fully Invited to attend tile 'uneral TO-MORROW •
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from the res- '
clence. 117 Forty-fiith street, thence to Sacred
Heart Chorea, where a solemn requiem high -
man will bs celebrated at 9:..0 o clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HURLEY-In this city. April 11. 1837.' Fred N.
Hurley, a native of Wiscojsin, age i 20 years 9
months and 5 days.
HUTTON— In Alaraeda. April li. 1*97, Hannah
X.. wife of John Hiut-n, a native of St.
Stephens. N. 8., aged 67 years 1 month and 10
days. -;--V
MOSS— In this city. April 10. 1897, Morris Moss.
h native or England, aged -.8 years.
MURPHY- In this city. April 11. 1837, at his
residence, 1358 Fo'.som street, Jeremiah, be-
loved son of Mrv Ellen Murphy, and brother of
Ma;cie. John, DennH, David. Patrick and Dan-
iel Murphy, a native of Tlmoieague, County
Cork, irelauJ. aged IS years.
Notice of uneral hereafter.
! MUKPHY— In this ell/. April 11. 1897, Mary, be-
loved wife of Bernard Murphy, and sister of
John, Hooert, William, Maggie ana Katie Whs-
lan. Mrs. Heurv Holland and Mrs. A. Wpth-r-
-bee, a native of San Jose, Cat, aged 26 years and
i 12 days.
j NEELY-In this city, April 10, 1897, Isaac, be-
loved son of Mary and the late William Nelly,
a natlv- of Philadelphia, Pa.
49* Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the tuners! TO-MOttKOW
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1329 Vallejo street, between Lar&ic and
Hyde. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
UELSON-In this city. April 8,1837. Thomas H.
Kelson, a native of England. aged HO years.
I O'BRIEN— In this city, April 11. 18 »7. Catherine
i O'Brien, beloved daughter of Catherine Conlln,
I and sister-in-law of Mrs. M. Haliday and Harry
l.ongshaw. a native of ban FraucUco, ag».l 43
I years 7 months and 7 days.
| TAULI SEN— In this city. April 9. 1897, Petro-
nilla, dearly beloved wife of Henry PaulMsen,
I and mother of Constance A- and tmii L, J.
Paullssen, a native of Chile, aged 59 years.
AT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills HAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. .161) Chwstnut street., thence to Hi. Fran-
' cis Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
j will be celebrated for the repoje of her soul,
I commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
i PEARCE-ln Haywards. April 11,1897. William
G. Pearce, a native of Cornwall, England, aged
66 years an 1 10 months.
£7*Frlends and . Acquaintances are resosc*- -
fnliy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), ;at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Trinity
Kpiscopat Church, Hay wardi. Interment Lone
! Tree Cemetery. .
i REJDY— In this city. April 11, 1897. John Reldy. :
| a native of Knockro-. parish of Ryne, County '
Hare. Ireland, uijed 47 years.
jO"Remalns at the undertaking parlors of
McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. ' >■
ROBERTS— friends and acquaintances are re-
I spectfully Invited to attend the anniversary
high mass at bt, Mark's CathedralTO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at. d o'clock a. m., for the reposa of
the soul of John C. Roberts.
I ROTH— In the CUv and Couaiv Hoiplta', April
11, 1897, Frank A. Roth, aged 34 years. .
RUNNr.LS— in UaKUnd, April 11. Id 7. Mahaia
D. Runnels, mother of W. a. Hunuels. a native
of Ohio, aced 59 years 8 months and -7 days.
i SMITH— In th« City and County Hosplta!, April
- 11, 1897. Thomas B. smith aged 81 years
I STARK— In this city. April 11, 1897. Andrew
Harold, son ot Andrew and Margaret Stark (nee
Curran), a native o.' sun Fraucuca, aged 1 year
7 months and 9 days. >
437"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at" 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the rest-
deuce of the parents. 2U73 Harrison street,
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, April 10. 1897. Robert
W., beloved husband of Fanny stew.,rt, lather
of Mr». P. F. E. ste tier a d William T. F. Stew-
art, and brother of J. H. Stewart, a native
I of County Mo mgbau, Ireland, a^e-l 4 i years. A
1 memb?r of Unity Lodge No. 17, A. O. U. W.
| and Court l.ivj Oak No. 67, Foresters of
America.
OTFriends are respectfully Invited to Rtten-1
the funeral .TO-Mottnow (Tuesday), at 13
• o'clock M., from the resilience oi his saiuh'.iT.
Seventeenth avenue south, near F s.reet. tuenca
! to Masonic Hall, where services will b- bed
under the auspices of ro-.uu sail Francisco
Lodge No. 212. lntermen'. Cypress Lawn Ceuie-
tery. : V ■■.-■-.,■
McAVOV A GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEBS,
SO ami* St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
f 8 PBEPAKED TO CONTIXUK THE SALE
I of burial plats and graves la its cemetery anj
give deeds. ,s
Perpetual" care of lots will he arranged for at tns
Superintendent's oillcs :at the • cemetery, corner
Bush gtreet and Central avenue, mvi i-'ranclsco. •
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATBO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB»
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in uo sens* ex-
elaeive: location unexcelled. oQit« MV7 }IXl*O
KiNd Mouibeaai cuaw 9 1 turn •- - - -
-. . ■: -.- .- . ■ ■.: ■-.-. i ,--•, i, .._.-... ■■-■'■ ■
910
His Excellency Wu Ting-fang, Minister Plenipotentiary From
China to the United States.
ASKS WHY
AMERICA
"KICKS"
China's Minister Is Here
En Route for Wash
ington.
SIXTY PEOPLE IN HIS
SUITE.
His Views on the Relations of
the United States and
His Coun'ry.
LI HUNG CHAKG'S NEPHEW IN
THE PARiY.
Wu Ting-Fang's Wife Talk;— Deleg
ation to Be Divided Between This
ani Other Lands.
The dragon coil-; and flaps his tail in the
yellow flag of China that Moats to the re
freshing breeze above the Occidental Ho
tel.
This is in honor of his Excellency Wo
Ting-Fang, a guest or tfce house, who ar
rived in this City yesterday on board of
the steamer Gaelic, and who is en route to
Washington, D. C, as the newly ap
pointed Minister Plenipotentiary from
China.
\Yu Ting-Fans, one of the brightest
men from the Orient, an d the peer, so
cially and intellectually, of his country
men in these United Slates, is accompa
nied by a suite of some sixty people of his
own color and creed, many or them prom
inent, personages, politically and socially,
at home, and who are to be located in
America and Europe by the Minister as
representatives of China.
Among the first is Li Ching Hsu, the
nephew of that great statesman, Li Hung
Chang, and the son of the ex-Viceroy of
Canton.
Li Ching Hsu, who is but 31 years of
age and looks much younger, is accom
panied by his wife, whom he married two
years ago. He is slated to b« the secre
tary of the legation.
Dr. Ho Kai, wno was to have accom
panied tne Minister on this trip and who
was booked to take ctiarge of the Chinese
Consulate in this City. was detained nt
HEW 10-DAT.
(TELEPHONE*33 and 38), ' '
UIPORTISfi GROCERS,
236 SITTER STREET,
North Side. Above Rearny.
THE PUREST GOODS ARE TO BE
FOUND IN OUR STORE.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday— Tuesday '-Wednesday.
FHRST ORIENTAL COFFEE, 80c per lb.
Regular 35c
CALIFORNIA WHITE FIGS, lOe per lb.
Regular 15c.
Fl\\l\ U4DDIES - - . 10c per lb.
Regular 15c.
BORDEAUX MUSTARD, 10c and 15c Bet. 1
Regular 15c and 20c. . ', .
CLARET, a Very Good Article, 45c per gal. 1
Regular 75c. :
Try "RILLETrES,"a new Sandwich Meat
Also our Home-Made IEMOXADE—
All Ready for Use. j
the last moment at Shanghai to tnice
charge of the construction of a railway for
the Government. In hi* stead came his
younger brother, Ho Vow, a bright Eng
lish-speaking man of about 27 years of
ape.
He will probably be selected to remain
here as Consul-General.
There are «>omo nineteen other 'digni
taries who are to be distributed in repre
sentative ollices, but it will require a few
days before they will be assigned to their
respective posts of duty.
One party 19 to leave on the next
steamer for Pt-ru. Another will leave
overland via El Paso to Mexico, while the
third will press on and divide itself be
tween Cuba and Spain.
The Chinese population was aware of
the fact that the Minister was aboard the
Gaelic, and rhen that steamer docked
hordes of Celestials blocked the avenues
ul trullic about the water front.
The representatives of the so-called Six
Companies were the first to drive into the
shed. Accompanied by Collector of the
Fort John H. Wise and D?puty Bam Rud
dell, they easily made their way to the
vessel, where they presented their re
spects.
It wan at this time that the magnificent
self-reliance of Minister Wo Ting-Fang
showed itself. Contrary to all precedent,
the Chinese Consulate of this City had
been instructed to make no arrangements
for housing t:'.e party. As a consequence,
the people from tiie different hotels were
on the gui vive to capture the choice
plum.
As they boarded the steamer the Min
ister listened to each in turn, and he re
mained non-committal until the very last
moment, when he ordered everybody to
th» Occidental Hotel.
In speaking of Die matter later one of
the secretaries said that a m;»n named
Tom McKay, a former resident of this
City, but now a railroad man in China,
had advised the Minister on the subject
of hotels before the departure of the
Mrs. "Wu Ting-fan g> the Minis
ter's Wile.
steamer from Hongkong. Still, the Min
ister did not come to a conclusion without
first hearing the sweet stories of the vari
ous runners.
Minister VVu Ting- Fang personally at
tended to other details in regard to his
party, detain men in his exalted position
usually left to others. As a con?M|nrnce
he was besieged yesterday afternoon or a
naif score of railway people who look for
ward to and trust for tue fat plura of
transportation of the enure party out of
this City.
P. K. Gordon, passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific, took charge of the delfc
pation and will send them over as far as
Osden. From there they will go over the
Northwestern, and from Chicago it is
booked that they will travel with J. Cler
fayt of the Pennsylvania lines.
These matter- of business settled the
Minister, throuch his American secretary,
Armando Ribat, who by the way is a
Spaniard, sent a number of cipher dis
patches to Peking and Washington.
Kibas is welt known here and in the
East as the former secretary of General
Barillas, ex-President of Guatemala.
Laic in the afternoon the mpmbrrs of
the press were admitted to suite 33, where
the Minister greeted them most cordially.
He appeared to be a well preserved man
of 60 years.
Aside from his costnme and a slight
slant of the eyes there was little to de
note the Chinaman.
His En lish, although spiced with an
accent more Spanish than anything else,
was fluent and positively correct.
"So you are from The Call?" he said
inquiringly when the reporter was intro
duced. "That is a great paper, with a
large circulation. Am I not rij»bt?"
He then turned to another interviewer
smiling and asked: "And you? The
Chronicle. That's good."
There was just the faintest sign of mer
riment indicated in the twinkle of his eve
and the diplomat general immediately
beeap to divide the iorcts arrayed against
him by asking:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1897.
THE MINISTER'S WIFE.
Mrs. Wu Ting- fang, the wife of the new Chinese Minister, stood at her window all
day yesterday, end from the view thus afforded, formed her first impressions of
America and Americans.
One of the first things she remarked was, as she herself expresses it, "the lower
part of the ladies' costumes, it looks so warm and uncomfortable, and must indeed
be hard to get about in : is it not so?" On being informed that some ladles considered
their skirts to be extremely beautifying, she threw up her little hands, arched her
little eyebrows and smiled a most superior little smile. Then she looked at the
"lower part" of her own dress and settled back comfortably with a look that seemed
to say, "What queer ideas of beauty."
She received, with his Excellency, last evening some of the friends made on the
voyage over and since their arrival here. Mrs. Wu Ting-fan? cannot speak English,
so her husband interprets all she says. Being naturally pllv, everything she sees or
hears has a certain amount of fun 10 it for her, consequently there is aiways a wee
bit of a smile hiding around her red lips, ready to break into an iniectious little laugh
at the first opportunity.
"How active the American ladies are," she said in her own tongue and the Min
ister gravely reduced it to English. "And the cars that slide in the ground are so
funny. I tbink the ladies active because they get on and off tbe cars so quickly.
Would they stare at me much if I were to go out? Would I look so very odd? '
When she was told thai people wouldn't look, only perhaps a little bit when she
herseif wasn't looking, she seemed relieved, for it seenis that she is a modest and re
tiring little lady, with a decided aversion to being stared at.
Mrs. ling-fan?: is a Cantonese of high degree and rank. Her feet are surely the
very tiniest feet that have ever pressed American soil, for they are scarcely three
inches in length, and it may be added that both the Minister and his charming little
wife are extremely proud of those same tiny feet. She ha? hardly had time enough
to form any real opinion of the sights and icenes around her, but as far as she has
gone, «he is charmed and delighted with all they have seen.
This is the first time the Minister's wife has ever been out of China. She look^j
forward to her life in Washington, but she regrets having had to leave her native
land. The trip over was not a very pleasant one, but Captain Finch made it as agree
able as possible. She and Mrs. Finch are grent friend*, und though they are not able
to hold much conversation they seem to understand each other extremely well.
"Which paper baa the largest circula
tion?"
It was not only in this instance that the
man showed his strength. Throughout
the pleasant interview, which was chatty
as well as instructive, he forced the news
paper men to the defensive, answering
questions himself only when it suited his
purpose, but never refusing a return of
some kind, even if it was not a direct re
sponse.
"Tell m« first, gentlemen,' 1 he said,
"what is the present attituue of the press
Li Chin£ Hsu, Nephew of Li
Hung Chang and Son of the
ex- Viceroy of Canton, Who Is
in the Suite of His Excellency
Wo Ting-fang.
here toward the Chinese? Are we re
garded lavoraDly or otherwise?''
He listened to rather non-committal
answers and proceeded to tell how pleased
ho was to learn that the ill feeline of the
p&et had died out to a great extent.
"I hope to see the United States take a
better view of us, and I believe something
can be done in that way if we put our
heads together and talk the matter over.
"Remember, I do not want to be under
stood as saying tnat my special mission
here is to bring about that desired end. I
am here simply to be the Resident Chi
nese Minister at Washington.
"But 1 want to learn from those I meet
bow the land lies. I want to know what
is the particular 'kick' against us."
The Minister used the slang word as
cleverly as would a Bowery boy, and fre
quently during the interview he used the
vernacular, expressive if not quite proper.
"I want to have all the points gone into.
I want to know whether it is that our peo
ple are too frugal, whether they hoard
their money and send it home; cause the
wages of white men to be reduced below
the living point, or what else?
"No matter where the trouble is I be
lieve it could be adjusted in some other
way than by class legislation, which is a
bad and unjust thing.
"I believe thai the exclusion law was
enacted too hastily. With time this coun
try would have the better class of Chi
nese and would have profited by their im
migration. Instead of shutting out the
coolies you have shut us all out, the edu
cated as well as the others.
'Of cnurs , lam looking at this matter
from a Chinese standpoint. I would be
mi air if I did not also lake your siue of
he question as well.
"No doubt, you had ample reason in
your belief to act as you did, and ihdt la
why, I say, we should get our beads
together and adjust things, that tney may
be mutually beneficial.
"I talnk that tins could be brought
about, or, at least, the laws could be niod
ihed, so as 10 be beneficial io both or to
one, while not detrimental to the other."
In speaking of the existing trouble be
tween th» fcani and tee Yup companies in
this City hi- Kxcellency stated:
"That is a matter I have still to look
into. The best members of the Chinese
colony were at the steamer to receive me
this morning. We did not have much
time to talk the trouble over, but I expect
to remain here a week, and I fancy I'll
have enough of it beiore I get through.
The trouble occurred, as I understand it,
from the killing of one man of the See
YupN by unknowns who are alleged to be
members ot the Sam Yupg. So far noth
ing lias developed to* substantiate the
charge. 1 trust I wiil be able to smooth
over the difficulty and get the colony on a
friendly basis."
The Minister then wanted to know how
the Americans regarded the action of tue
Chinese Consul in regard to his order to
break up the meeting-houses of the See
Yup people.
''I have two ways in which to give an
opinion on the subject," he said, when
the question was put to him. "As a Chi
nese I would say the Consul acted quite
properly. He did exactly as we do in
China. But, from a European standpoint,
I would say he did wrong. You see the
Consul is not acquainted with American
laws as I am. and he assumed a responsi
bility which has brought him into the
courts with a threatening financial liabil
ity over his head. He aHould have known
this and weighed the question of brexk up
or not break ur>, not on the Chinese basis
but on mat of the country to whose laws
he was anienablo.
"It is twenty years now since I was in
San Francisco on my way home to China.
I have not yet had time to look about me,
excepting through the window of my car
riage from the dock.
"I have not yet selected a Consul for
this City, nor have I so far selected the
people I will fend on to Peru. Mexico,
Washington and Spain. I think I will
have these details arranged in a couple of
day.
"My trip here was very pleasant except
ing for a slight contretemps in Honolulu.
"The Gaelic stopped in at Japanese
ports that ara infected, and it w*s con
sistent that we be quarantined at Hono
lulu, but the Government there promised
to be easy with us providing the health
inspection was satisfactory. In accord
ance, the Health Officer and staff boarded
our vessel miles outside and nut us
through a rigid examination. We were
declared tit to land and the ves>el wa«
docked.
"Imagine our surprise when we learned
then thai we were not permitted to go
ashore nor to receive visitors. Still, the
passengers from Honolulu to this City
were permitted 10 come aboard of our ves
sel from which I ihink it would have been
prudent to keep away if our Dill of health
was not clean.
"I fancy that President Dole imagined
wronjriully that I might have some treaty
to discuss with him, and as he Knows
nothing of the Chinese question he be
lieved it best to let down the quarantine
barrier between us."
INJURED BY A DERRICK.
Two Men Seriously Hurt While Work
ing on the Seawall at Goat
Inland.
Two men, B. Williams and Richard Mc-
Hugh, who were engaged in buildine the
seawall at Goat Island, received serious
injuries yesterday afternoon by the col
lapse of a derrick, which bad been used
in hoisting rock from the quarry into the
cars.
Williams was taken to the Receiving
Hospital for treatment of his right thigh,
where a piece ol the shattered timber
punctured the flesh and caused a con
tused wound, wbicn will lay him up for
some time.
His companion, McHugn, was sent to
St. Mary's Hospital, at his own request.
His injuries consist of severe spinal and
back trouble, where one of the fallen up
rights struck him.
FUNERAL OF A HERO.
Knglneer I>. H. Haubrich Burled leg-
terday.
Yesterday there was a sad scene in the
Golden Gate Park at the little cottage
down by the water works plant. The
many friends of W. H. Hauorich, chief en
gineer of the park, gathered there to ac
company his body to the Native Sons'
Hall, where the funeral services were held.
The interment took place in the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery.
The high esteem ia which the engineer
was held in li:e was raised to a climax of
love and admiration by his heroic death.
He nave up his life in the brave effort to
save the lives of others Dy stopping a run
away team.
He is highly praised for his capacity as
an engineer and for his kindness. All tiie
part people loved him and they say they
do not think he had an enemy."
He leaves a widowed mother, who was
living with him. He was bnt 29 years of
ape and the untimely ending of so useful
a life is much to be regretted. His last
act proved how worthy he was of being so
well beloved.
CAPITAL FOR NORTH BEACH.
A Syndicate Contemplating the K»tnl>
lithment of an Enterprise.
A party of Etßtern gentlemen repre
senting a syndicate of capitalists, Lave
been In the City for the past several days
for the purpo-e ot establishing an electric
lipbt and power service hfre.
They have investigated local conditions,
particularly j n tiie northern portion of the
City, between North Beach and the fer
ries, and have practically determined
upon the location of their plant in that
aectfon. They control a number of the
most receni patents covering the subject
of electric light and power, and are con
templating the expenditure of a conMder
abe sura of money in the establishment
of a plant.
Little Boy Burglar*.
For the past three weeks the candy factory
of Louis Grade at 538 Washington street has
been broken into on several occasions and
quantities of candy and chewing-gum stolen.
Chief Lees detailed Officers W. S. Young and
S. & Hutching to watch the premises. Last
night the officer* captured the burglars, who
proved to be five very small boys. Their
names are: Mauuel Ross, aged eight years;
Moses Rothenstein, ten; Harry Rothensteln,
eigtit; Harry Lee, eight, and Harry Ross,
eight. There are two more, who have not
been arrested. They gained an entrance
through a trap door.
EASTER OPENING OF MILLINERY.
Adcock, 10 Kearny btrcet, Monday, April 12,
and following days. *
An Ow . er Wanted.
A policeman in plain clothes while pushing
through the crowd at the entrance to the Oak
land racetrack Saturday afternoon felt some
thing tugging at one of the buttons of his
coat. He looked down and saw a watch ana
chain dangling from his button. The chain
had caught in the button and the jerk had
dragzed the waich out of the owner's pocket.
He can have the waich ami chain on proving
ownership at the property clerk's office.
Fell Off a Cur.
John Burng, while attempting to alight from
a moving Folsom-street car yesterday, fell and
received a severe scalp wound. In conse
quence of a slight hemorrhage from one of his
ears he was detained at the Receiving Hospi
tal, as mure serious injuries to his brain were
feared.
Send books, music or magazines to be bound
to the bindery. Mysell-Kullias, 22 Clay. •
COURSING TALENT
IN GOOD FORM
Experienced a Phenomenal
Streak of Luck at
Ingleside.
The Outsiders Rounded To, How
ever, Late in the After
noon.
It Was a Grand Day for the Sport
and an Immense Crcwi Was
in At endance.
A grand day. backed by a good racing
card, conspired to attract a crowd of
coursing enthusiasts to the Ingleside
Park yesterday tuch as had not been seen
in' years.
The throng was so great in and about
the betting ring, and in the grand stand as
well, that it was with difficulty that the
visitors could move about. It required
the united efforts of four pool-selling con
cerns to keep up with the speculative fra
ternity, and even an additional outfit
would have found as much business as it
could have attended to.
The truth of the matter is that coursing
as it i« conducted nowadays at Ingleside
is in the ascendancy. The rough element,
that came so near killing the sport not
long ago, has been eliminated, and a fair
and square game is now assured to all. It
is scarcely any wonder, then, that the at
tendance is on tiie increase and that en
thusiasm and interest are rapidly reach
ing a high altitude. The trimming down
ol the hills at tiie Ingleside park have al-o
proved to be an immense improvement,
as me spectator* can now secure an unob
structed view of the chase from any point
in the grand stand or betting nnc.
One ol the leaiur**s of yesterday's SDort
was the phenomenal success the talent m*t
with in the early part of the racing. For
a time it seemed that the wise ones were
invincible in their ability to pick winners.
True, they opened up with a blunder, but
after that they recouped with a flourish.
The first event on the card was a contest
between Grace & Dean's Hazel Glen and
Xeetian's Fair View. The sharp guessers
plunged on Fair View and lost heavily.
Certainly this augured a day's disappoint
ment, but it happened that the rule that
generally governs the Miperstitious was
erratic on this occasion, for after the first
dash the knowing iraternity picked fifteen
straight winner".
Indeed, such was their success that the
"outsiders" grew timid and in cunse
quonce heavy odds on the favorites be
came the order of the day. This was
found necessary in order to scare up any
good betting.
The game held on in this way through
out the forenoon, but in the afternoon, at
just about the time when the talent had
commenced to believe that they could not
be headed in their gallop to wealth and
fortune, there came a reversal of form
which sent some of the odds-giving
plungers out of the ring dizzy. That was
when Hazel Glen went out again, this
time to measure her speed against that of
Hooper's Beau Brummel.
Now i'.eau firummel is a celebrated East
ern crack, and those who make it a busi
ness to bet 10 win, rather than permit
themselves to be swayed by feelines of
loyalty to home talent, put nearly all of
their previous winnings on the Beau's
chances and cave big odds at that. When
ttie flag went up oignaling that Hazel had
beaien the star from the East there were
wails and lamentations among the talent,
and a proportionate exhibition of delirious
joy on the part of the victorious shon
enders. Lady Clilton, wbo was another
long shot, followed with a victory over
Susie, and aiter that the outsiders were
happy, for (he plungers' lucky string had
been Droken and betting gradually got
down to an even proposition.
In the initial trials Hazel Glen beat
Fair View, Beau Brummel beat White
Lily, Lady Clifton beat Little Tom, Susie
beat Lightning, Right Bower beat Red
Cloud, Deceiver beat Lass o' Gowrie, Sen
orita beat Cinderella, White Chief beat
Black Prince, Valley Maid beat Wattle
Bloom, Sly Boy beat Ring, Muondyne II
beat Flashlight, Move On beat Gracie S,
Sam beat Unc.e Sam, Miaimo beat Mi
mosa, Wi4l-o'-tbe-Wisp beat Speed, and
Tullermore beat Lady Blarney.
In the first ties Hazel Glen beat Beau
Brummel, L dy Clifton beat Susie, Right
Bower beat Deceiver, Senorita beat White
Cluef, Sly Boy beat Valley Maid, Moon
dyne beat Tullermore, Sam beat Move On,
and Miaimo beat Will-o'-the- Wisp.
The result of the second ties was as fol
lows: Lady Clifton beat Hazel Glen, R;ght
Bower beat Senoritn, Moondyne beat Sly
Boy, and Miaimo beat Sam.
Miaimo beat Ri ht Bower in the next
run-off and Mooudyne beat Lad.y Clifton.
As tha victorious dogs both belonged to
the Healy <fc Egan kennels thoir owners
were not compelled to rnn off the final,
having already secured first and second
money. Dillon & Keilly's Riehr Bower
took third money and M. O'Connor's
Lady Clifton took fourth.
A. C. Bradbury of St. Louis, who has
just arrived here for the purpose of
acting as trainer for W. C. Payton's ken
nels, was an interested " spectator
of yesterday's coursing. Mr. Brad
bury cor-festes that the California
climate and the California greyhounds
combine to furnish some good sport, but
he does not think the coursing men out
this way see the importance of having a
better quality of bares for the same.
"in the East they make it their business
to tram the hares as well as the dogs. 1 '
said Mr. Bradbury. "I notice that this
is not done out here. The bares should
be exercised so as to give them all the
speed possible, thus assuring the public a
high clast of sport. It is acommon thing
in the East to see the hares reach the es
capes and get away from the very best
uoirs sent after them."
Mr. Bradbury brought with him five
cra<k hounds — Pretender, La^y Pem
broke, Jester, Macric and Mystery. Thf
last three are puppies. All of these dogs
will go into Mr. Payton's kennels.
NEW TO-DAT.
El Belmont
Clear
Havana —
Cigars
FINER THAN EVER.
FOR SALE BY ALL DEALERS.
ALL COLORS.
TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.
RINALDO
KkOS. pacific
&fO coast
AGENTS
300-302 Battery Street, S. F.
NEW TO-DAT — DRY GOODS.
EIGHT
SPECIAL
BARGAINS!
Two cases GENUINE FRENCH BEIGE, full 38 c^ p
inches wide, 8 different mixtures - - - - OUL yard
40 pieces GENUINE FRENCH ARMURES, 40
inches in width, assorted patterns, blacks only, OvJC yard
One case FANCY NOVELTY CHECKS, war-
ranted all wool and 40 inches in width - - - - OvJC yard
35 pieces BLACK FRENCH CREPE De CHINE, Cf}*
40 inches in width, fast black OUC yard
Four cases GENUINE CHEVIOT SERGES, 44
inches wide, in navys and black only - ... OvJC yard
50 pieces FRENCH PRINTED SILK FOUL- t^Ci^
ARDS. 22 inches wide, all new designs - - - OvJC yard
Three cases GENUINE ENGLISH CHANGEA-
BLE MOREENS, full 31 inches in width, spe-
cially adapted for Summer Skirts, 10 different rr\
combinations ---. OvJC yard
25 pieces IMPORTED PLAID SILKS, full 24 cpi
inches in width, 9 different patterns ----- OvJC yard
EXTRA SPECIAL!
Four cases GENUINE FRENCH ALBATROSS,
full 40 inches in width, in Pinks, Grays, Lav-
ender, Sky, Heliotrope, Nile, Cardinal, Creams QC/%
and Black price OOC yard
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
111. 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STK££T.
bbb^i^RLh bW W BHrVflw r^^^^ * s9l vbm
aft. S3
YOU GAIN BY THESE PRICES.
OUR GOOD REPUTATION INCREASES.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE |
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday j
FRUITS, our choice brand, 15c
Regularly 20c tin.
P.-ar, Peach, Apricot, Quince, PJum,
etc.
CORN (Sea F0am)...... I2^c ;
Regularly 15c tin. .
Young:, tender, sweet Maine Corn.
WHISKEY, 0. F. C. Taylor
"•-'••- 1 star, regularly $1 bottle, TKr-
NOW *vJC i
1 star, regularly $4 gallon, co i
NOW M*->
3 itar, regularly $1 50 bottle, <£« If.
NOW M>l»ivF
3 star, regularly $6 gallon, &A Af\
Distilled by E. H. Taylor & Co.,Ken-
tncky. Three physicians' analysis
guarantee purity.
TOILET 50AP.......... 37*c
Regularly dozen cakes 50e.
Large assortment, reliable kinds of
course.
ALKETHREPTA ...25c
Regularly tin 306
Purest extract of cocoa, homeopathic.
SAUTERNE (California) .... $4
Regularly $5 dozen quarts.
* French type; sweet, dry; connois-
seurs like it.
8UTTER......... 30c Square
EGGS .15c dozen j
You know, as we do, the quality
win be all right. v
[&"~>ve*i a l Ka*ter CatHlo|(u<> Free.
spectacles&Eye Glasses
ACQIIR^TFLY.riTTEDBY
EXPERT OPTIC ANS
ATnoDER^TE P^CES. ;
OPTICIANS AND^^pHOTOGRAPHic '
642 MARKET ST.
\ . ' «*»« CH«O«lcl.e BUILDING. .
j^^J t^^BMOJ'T^BBSjTTTWyiBfiI^fc^IMjJLS
BBBB^ I^#v^^^wT^^BßßßßßHbV^o^^l^^^3^^Bß^B^B
'AT AUCTION
_
TO-MORROW,
TUESDAY APRIL 13, 1897,
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Probate Sale Howard Street Improved
Property.
from" i." nC ( h No9 - 8 , 31 ' 833 > Howard, 355 feet sw
7 «H>ms, bath and basement: lull rents 875- Hot-
to? SsxlSi?^? r °?H : Slldtoc l«e •" estate; u°se
P&ar ttourt?i! A. 8U confirmation of «n-
Bu.h Street Improved Property
... & line (Xos. 1617 and 1619) Bush st 220 f:n.t
«. ot Fr»nkllr,_Bush-st. frout; a T houses of 6
roonn.bath «nd basement; re.r front n" Vnn
av^. ; Uco.teges. 3 and 4 rooms; fu 1 rent 8-o"
Presidio U»i e hts.
TC BW. corner Sacramento and Walnut sts.-Bav.
l V n^°7n comprisln « 2 French & ts-?7
and 6 rooms; store and 4 room-)- full r,ni.*fin-
ce,,em walk and bituminous pTvemen on J^.
men. o bacramemo-sc cable.
Keaidence Near Market Street
N. line (No. 438) of Kl.iley or 13th st.. 80 ft«
O^n c . r v r f~ U . ouse ti rooms and bath; near
Castro and Valancla st. cable; lot 26x100 feeL
Twenty- Fourth-St- Improved Property.
North line (No*. 3174 and 3176) of Twenty-
fourth St.. 92 :b fWlt east of Howard- Imp" vi
ments. two l '» DJowed residences of 7 loomT
Mid hath emeu; full rents ?J6; Urge lot, 35:6 X
Folsom-Street Buain*>«» Lot.
-,/ th ? M: line of Folsom ac, 125 feet southwest
of 9th-I^>: in fine business locatlo .; wi n nroner
Improvements would pay wall; electric and So a
cars; street in basa.t rock: lot 25x85 feet.
A.hbury Heights Kesidence Lota
3 8^h r 0 t r A? i 9 n» COrne r ° f A ? hbur y or i*ark Lane and
3 Bth or Stinerya sts.— . hree eleg*nt rcsl ence oi»
mar.ne and Inland view. all re.dy to build upon
bcuuuiul location tor a home; a*wer on 18 h P °t
a. b. and !». M electric roiul: corner 10t25x96: in -
bide lota 20x95 ana 25x106 feeL
Van Ness A Ten e Residence Lot.
\\est. line of Van Ness ay e .. 37:6 feet north of
>ranclscost.-»treetbliumltil ed;Bldewalk curbed;
street sewered and side sewered; line view
elegant lot; must be sold; lot 2bxlii fill.
Bern al Heights IIom» Lot*.
fiJnks r R ! !!?£ DC «r tS 1 > frontln C PeWhattan ars.
m«. h»^J' . r K>«Bomsts.-Pleaaant location:
1 ££r m? ?« ' ■sle5 le , otric llu « tv »>• on Coruana aye.;
85"oVeet. V " enclaan(iSM Bruno caw; iOl »
Bennington-Street Home.
Corn" 1 'I" 6 (SO ' 4V) . Of Bennlngton st., north of
«^t i« » * % . e -Improvements, cottage of 3 rooms:
md ct /r^ e ri^^?.]i o^t naave - :siretiBertered
I l
1 KASTOX, I.i.i)i;ii)(ir * CO
H Offlce Salesroom, 638 Market st.,oppo»lteP»lac«
DR.MCNULTY.
Diii«S2?^fS2* rl X at<1 ' >^ous,Hloodu. 1 d Skin
•^0 vt^iv-™ i" Onl » Manly Power restore.l. Over
cnroda\ii?n rle "S?- S^nd for Book, free. Tatients
SlTv-6-«\n^w T f™w reiwoiiable. 1 Hours. 9to 3
Oon free and 1S - > v - Sundays. 10 to 12. oV address
tlonfreeandsj.credlyconndeutlal. Call or address
-.., ■"• KOJMroK 3ICXCITT. M. D..
ts.j Mearny Strret, Kan Fraaeiieo. Cal.
T .. ■ . ■■ - ■ ■ -
NOTARY PUBLIC.
I CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY- AT-
I .it. » 7 *"*« Notary Public, 6SB ilaritet St., oppo
i • S^i^iff? Ucu>U Telephon. 570. Realdeuc* 10-*