VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 7S.
GREECE IS
VERY BOLD
Defies the Great Powers in
the Occupation of
Crete.
CANE A IS INVADED BY
FOREIGNERS.
Combined Fleet of Protesting
Nations Lined Up for
Action.
BUT THE HELLENIC KINGDOM IS
UNDAUNTED.
•M&an while Loyal Subjects of King
• George Volunteer to Fight Against
the Turks.
... '. CANEA, Crete, Feb. 15.— Four hundred
men from the Russian, French, British and
; Italian fleets at Canea and fifty Austrians
• l>ave been landed under the command of
■■. an Italian officer and have occupied the
city, the Turkish officials having given
their assent to the step. The flags of the
■nat-ions represented by the occupying force
• have been hoisted upon the ramparts of
•the fortress.
. ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 15.— When the
anouncement was made here that the
"corps of occupation," under the com
mand of Colonel Vassos, chief aid-de
camp to King George, had landed in
Crete demonstrations of the wildest joy
were indulged in by the populace. A dis
• patch from Canea says that Colonel Vas
° "bos has issued a proclamation to the Cre
.tans and has demanded that the Turks
surrender.
' ■ Advices received here from the island of
•Crete .announce that "the corps of occu
, pa-lion, " consisting of infantry, artillery
and engineers, numbering 1500 men, which
' embarked at Piraeus yesterday, have
landed at Piantanias, fourteen kilometers
west of Canea. The warships of the pow
ers,- 'these advices also state, have pre
viously landed strong detachments at
Kptimo. Herahlion and Canea.
• PARIS, Fp.'.nce, Feb. 15.— 1n the Cham
ber "of Deputies to-day M. Hsnotaux, Min
ister, of Foreign Affairs, replying: to an
' _:ttqo*fj> *»*— J.4. J^nrcs regarding the situa
tion in Crete, said that the status of af
f /airs in that island was such as to render a
• public explanation impossible. • t —
M; Jaures expressed his dissatisfaction
with the reply of the Foreign Minister to
his request for information. Thereupon
M. Meiine, the Premier, declared a discus
sion of the Cretan affair was impossible.
•VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 15. — It is stated
here, upon semi-official authority, that
the aumirai in command of the English
squadron as senior flag officer in Cretan
. Waters will take command of the united
fleets of the powers, and every movement
of the warships will be made under bis
•direction. It is further stated that all ar
rangements for definite action on the part
of the combined fleets of the Dowers hare
. been completed.
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 15.— Standard
will to-morrow print a dispatch from its
Athens correspondent, saying that the
, powers have decided to supervise the exe
cution of a new charter for Crete, tie chief
feature of which is the autonomy of the
island under the joint rule of the powers.
■ The Standard's correspondent further
. says that he has been assured by a Greek
official of high position that Emperor Wil
liam used his influence very largely to
effect this solution of the matter, which is
hailed with delight, and the crisis is con
sidered to be over.
The Daily Chronicle will to-morrow pub
.lish a dispatch from Brussels, saying that
it is stated there that the Greek Govern
ment has purchased 100,000 rifles at Liege.
The matter of disorders in Crete and the
independent action taken by Greece in
sending a torpedo flotilla and transport
ships with troops to that island came up
in the House of Lords to-day, when Lord
Salisbury declared that the reforms for the
island of Crete had been arranged and
wpre already being put into effect when
Greece intervened. The powers, the
ir.er said, were unanimous in regard
ing the action of Greece as ill-advised, to
say tt;e least, and had lost no time in ex
pressing this opinion in language of most
earnest and unmistakable character to
the Greek Government. The Government
"of Great Britain, Lord Salisbury declared,
remained in complete accord with the
other powers, and there was no ground for
thinking that they would depart from the
policy which they had hitherto pursued.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 15.— The many
rumors concerning what actually occurred
at Athens as the result of the two confer
ences of the diplomatic representatives of
•the powers yesterday and the subsequent
representation of the conclusions arrived
at by. the conference to Premier M. Dely
annis. M. Bouree, the French Minister be
• ing the spokesman of the diplomats, have
been set at rest by a semi-official 'state
ment which was given out here.
According to this statement M. Dely
annis, upon being formally notified of the
action of the foreign Ministers, which
notice was put in the form of a protest
■gainst the action which Greece has tak
en in Crete, asked tnat time be allowed
him in which to consider and formulate a
reply.
This request having been granted M.
Delyannis to-day communicated to the
diplomats through M. Bouree an answer
to their protest. The Greek Premier,
atfter a brief review of the situation, de
clires without qualification that it is the
• purpose of Greece to occupy Crete.
In view of this defiant attitude of the
Helenic Kingdom the German Govern
ment will consider that it is no longer
consonant with dignity to proceed further
in the paths of diplomacy at Athens and
after having communicated this conclu
sion to the Government will instruct the
commander of the German warship Kai
The San Francisco Call
serin Augusta to proceed to Canea and
join the associated fleets off the Cretan
coast in preventing any hostile action on
the part of Greece and co-operate with
them in restoring order in the island.
According to the semi-official statement
this decision on the part of Germany is
final.
♦
OCCUPA.TIOX OP CA>EA.
Mosletn* Welcome Intervention by the
■European Power*.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 15— The Times
will publish to-morrow a dispatch from
Canea giving details of the landing from
the foreign warships of the force which
occupies Canea. The debarkation ot the
men took place in the afternoon under the
direction of the Italian admiral, who is
the senior commander. The weather was
brilliant, and the men in their different
uniforms made a picturesque scene. The
quays were crowded with carious specta
tors, but not the least demonstration of
hostility was made. The Mohammedan
population are evidently pleased with the
action of the powers in occupying the
city. A small fanatical minority alone
exhibited signs of discontent.
Mushavier Israael Bey, to whom was
delegated by George Berovitch Pasha, the
Christian Governor of Crete, the powers of
government, has addressed a note to the
commanders of the foreign fleets, gladly
accepting the occupation of Crete and ex
pressing the hope that the towns in tne
island will all be occupied by the powers.
Other prominent residents are agreed that
the occupation be extended over the entire
island.
No information, the dispatch Mates, can
be obtained regarding the movements of
the Greek forces under Colonel Vossos,
which effected a landing at Place tinas.
A tight is said to have taken place near
Heraklion during the afternoon, and three
more Mohammedan villages are said to
have been burned.
UHEECE IS .\OT A LOSE.
Some Powers Hilling to See That George
Acquire* Crete.
NEW YOR X, N. V., Feb. 16.— A special
cable dispatch from London to the Sun
says: It is announced that the powers
have agreed to make a joint occupation of
Crete with the ultimate object of turning
the island over to Greece.
The belief is still widespread In Europe
that Greece has not followed the defiant
policy of the past few days without a
secret assurance from some quarter that
: she would not be allowed to suffer for her
apparent fool hardiness.
It is, of course, impossible to judge of
| the probable development of the present
crisis without some knowledge of its secret
inception, for it is incredible that it has
reached its present phase spontaneously.
j It is easy to see bow the Sultan might
I profit by creating complications and diffi
! cnlties in the hope of warding off the dis
i ciplinary measures which have been so
! long preparing.
It is by no means clear, however, how
anybody else would benefit by the warlike
events of the past few days. A highly in
teresting report bearing upon this point
was discussed to-day in a usually weJl-in
formed circle of London . It is to
this effect: ...... ■ » . . . 4
A fortnight ago Lord Salisbury became
fearful that one or two powers, which had
yielded acquiescence to England's pro
posal that coercive measures be adopted
tosecure genuine reform in the Ottoman
Empire, were beginning to waver in that
policy. There were signs that when the
moment came to use force protaoly
two of the Continental Governments
would, on one pretext or another, put ob
stacles in the way of decisive action.
Lord Salisbury believes firmly, as does
most of the rest of the world, that noth
ing whatever short of sharp coercion ap
plied directed at the Yildiz Kiosk will
secure the establishment of decent and
safe government in Turkey. " ' •
A fresh emergency such as the Cretan
crisis would demonstrate pretty conclu
sively the correctness of this view. At
all events, the power" have agreed to do
what they have not done, namely, to take
some joint action that would show that
the European concert is something more
than the sham it has apparently been for
eighteen months. iJU'ir-
It was not necessary for more than a
hint to this effect to reach the ears of
King George, and the result has been
what the worid is now witnessing.
Those who discussed the story could
not altogether discredit it, nor did they
criticize Lord Salisbury very severely for
the diplomatic subterfuge thus imputed
to him.
Lord Salisbury's language in the House
of Lords yesterday regarding the situa
tion showed no leaning toward Greece,
but he insisted with preat vigor on per
fect harmony among the powers, which is
the only essential thing, as far as Europe
at large is concerned.
The principal point of interest with re
gard to the latest situation in Crete itself
is in respect to a possible collision between
the Greek force which has been landed on
the island and the foreign bluejackets
who are also there.
All reports agree that the war fever in
Greece is increasinc in intensity. Con
stantinople is. however, the point of
greatest importance. The probability is
that Greece will get Crete one way or an
other, but what Europe wants to know is
what the Sultan is going to do about it.
ME AX 8 MUCH TO A ERIC A.
Partner* and Hrrchnntt Would Profit by
a liar.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 15— Toe Tribune
this morning publishes the following:
With the threatened outbreak of hostili
ties in the Mediterranean Russian ship
ments of wheat are certain to stop. This
means a great deal to the American gr:un
trade at the present juncture. It so hap
pens that Southern Russia is now the
only competitor with America in furnish
ing Western Europe with its supply of
wheat. India and Argentina have stopped
shipments altogether and have ceased to
be a factor in the food supply of Western
Europe. The lield has been left to South
ern Russia and America.
With Russia out of the way by lowering
clouds of war it seems certain that Amer
ican wheat must be in more active de
mand than it lias been for years. If the
trade takes this view of yesterday's excit
ing events off Crete to-day is likely to wit
ness a remarkalde advance in wheat and
wi cat-producing.
Corn will not be so much affected, but
is expected to advance somewhat in sym
pathy with wheat.
These were believed last night by ex
perienced observers to be the effectß of
the shot which went flying near the
Turkish dag. With Western Europe de
pending entirely on America for wheat
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
the position of the American farmer will
be better than it has been since the de
cline in farm products began.
In stocks and securities it was believed
that the tirst effects will be to force a de
cline. This would come, not for any good
reason for a scare, but capital has become
subject to hysterics and other nervous
troubles, which have apparently grown
chronic, and doubtless will be badly
scared at the outset. Why Americau en
terprises have anything to fear from a
war in the Mediterranean was not clear
to tbese same observers. It was believed
that in the end the result of such a strug
gle would result in a bettering of Ameri
can securities.
WAR AOI XJST DECLARED.
But if It It CotiMttl i.oianmi Says Greece
Can Bold Her Own.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 15.— D. N. Bo
tassi, the Greek Consul to the port of New
York, speaking of the commercial rela
tions between Greece and other countries,
to-day said:
"Greece has not declared war on Turkey
yet. and even if she did I do not think it
would disturb our commercial relations
with other nations. Turkey's fleet is not
large enough to blockade our ports and
stop commerce. Turkey's army is large,
but her navy is weak. Tbe army of Inva
sion, in case of war, would pass through
Macedonia into Thessaly. Macedonia is
nominally under Turkish rule, but most
of the inhabitants are Greeks and Chris
tians. In Thessaly the Greeks would have
many natural advantages, as the land is
hilly. Therefore the Turkish army would
have a large contract on hand in trying to
invade Greece by land. I think that
eventually Crete will be added to Greece."
ItX A S Mi Itll OKI A L t'OA VBNTIOJf.
Several Hundred Member* of the Treat
Arrive at ft It" 1 ott *
GALVESTON, Texas, Feb. 15.— Several
Hundred editors to attend the convention
of the State Press Association arrived to
day and to-night, and large contingents
are expected on the early morning trains.
The association will convene in annual
session at 2 o'clock to-morrow. Addresses
of welcome will be delivered by Mayor
Fly on behalf of the city, and President
Bailie of the Texas ; Press Association on
behalf of the State Press. The battle.ship
Texas, which has been eagerly looked for
all day, ' is expected to arrive to-morrow
morning. Elaborate arrangements have
been made for the entertainment of the
editors and the officers of the warship. .
GREECE AROUSED.
Earth ! render back from out thy breast
A remnant of our Spartan dead !
Of the three hundred grant but three
To make a new Thermopylae. — Byron.
WILLIAM P. ST. JOHN
CALLED TO REST
Death of the Noted Eastern
Banker From Kidney
Troubles.
Remarkable Career of the
"Apostle of Free Silver
Coinage."
After the Defjat of Bryan He
Entered the Pro J nce Business
in New York.
NEW STORK, N. V., Feb. 15.— William
P. St. John, formerly president of the
Mercantile National Bank and one of the
principal champions in the East of free
salver, died at 8 o'clock last night from a
complication of kidney and stomach trou
ble.
William Pope St. John, banker, was
bora In Mobile, Ala., February 19, 1847;
the son of Newton St. John, banker, of the
firm of St. John, Towers it Co. of Mobile,
Ala., for twenty-five years agents in the
South for Messrs. Baring Bros. & Co. of
London. His mother was a daughter
of Alexander Pope of Delaware and Dor
othy Bibb of Georgia, the latter a sister
of Thomas Bibb, the first Governor of
Alabama, and for whose family Bibb
County, Ga., was named. A paternal an
cestor was one of the two brothers St.
John, mentioned in Trumbull's "Con
necticut." Young rit. John began his
education in Mobile, continued it in
Europe, and on his return passed one year
in Andover, Mass. His first business em
ployment was in a banking-house in Wall
street. New York. In the same city he
subsequently tilled clerkships in several
different kinds of busineis, and always
with houses prominent in their line, hav
ing under bis control and manage
ment during a period of four years tlie
sales, prices and credits for the leading !
firm of sugar refiners in the United States,
for which the yearly sales were said to ex
ceed the sum of $50,000,000.
In January, 1881. he was elected cashier
of the Mercantile National Bank of New
York City, and two years later was made
president. During his incumbency of the
office the Mercantile National Bank's de
posits increased in ten ye;:r* from an
average of $3,500,000 to $11,000,000, while
over $1,000,000 has been accumulated from
the earnings, after constant payments of
semi-annual dividends, and the market
price of the capital stock has advanced
from 85 cents to $2 25 on the dollar.
Mr. St. John was also a director in other
banks, and trustee in several financial or
ganizations, was a member of the execu
tive committee of the American Bankers'
Association and of the financial commit
tee of tie New York Chamber of Com
merce. Mr. St. John has b?en a frequent
and valued contributor to financial news
papers, magazines and other literary pub
lications, and bad published important
original pamphlets on economic topics.
He has been conspicuous amone bankers
for bis earnestness in urging the historic
basis for the argument in behalf of the
equally free and unlimited coinage of gold
and silver in the United States, disputing
as unhistoric the antagonistic statements
of Senator Sherman and others. He has
been called tne "Apostle of free coinage of
silver." Williams College conferred upon
him the honorary degree of M. A.
After the defeat of Mr. Bryan Mr. St.
Jolin went into the produce business, hav
ing bought a seat in the Produce Exchange.
JACOB IAHJGVS CASK.
The Turkish Consul-General Claims to
He f.xempt From Arrest.
:. NEW YORK, N. t V., Feb. 15.— Jacob
lasigi, Turkish Consul-General in Boston,
who was arrested in , this city last Satur
day evening on the charge of embezzle
ment, wus arraigned before Magistrate
Cornell in the Center-street- Police Court
this afternoon. The prosecution was rep
resented by General Francis, Pealodv of
Boston and Lawyer Frederick R. Coudert
appeared for lasigi.
". Lawyer Coudert said that his client is an
accredited at out of a foreign power and is
Consul-General at Boston and ; that be ia
exempt from 1 arrest by State authorities.
< Mr. Pea body claimed that a Consul is
nothing but a business agent to a country
and th t he is not exempt from arrest.
. Magistrate Cornell adjourned - the ■ case
until 10-morrow morning in order to study
up and advise over the case. -
The Consul-General was then paroled
in the custody of his counsel until to
morrow.
Ten I»ir» for an l-.mhrttler.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 15 —John
H. Hoffer. w.'o embezzled $100,000 from
the First National Bank of Lebanon, was
sentenced to ten years' imprisonment
to-day.
Gr*at Machine Bolt Ttutt Collapses.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 15. — The
great machine bolt trust, which com
prised all ths leading machine bolt manu
facturers in the country, ha 9 collapsed.
THE LATE WILLIAM POPE ST. JOHN.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
CALIFORNIA
TO BE FREED
Brighter Prospects for a
New Transcontinental
Railroad.
LEGISLATURE READY TO
LEND AID.
|An Amendment to the Civil
Code That May Mean
Much to the State.
SANTA FE AND VALLEY LINE
ACT IN CONCERT.
Technicalities Tending to Prevent the
Opening of a Through Line
Will Be Removed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.— Judge
C. N. Sterry, solicitor for the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad, appeared
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
tonight to secure on behalf of bis road
certain legislation that indirectly affects
the Valley road and the people of Cali
fornia who are interested in securing a
competing transcontinental road into San
Francisco.
There is shortly to be sold under a de
gree of foreclosure the property of the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, including
the contract between that corporation and
the Southern Pacific Company relative to
! the line between Mojave and The Needles.
This line is owned by the Southern Pa
cific Company, but under a contract
dated October 1, 1884, it is leased to the
Atlantic and Pacific for a term of thirty
years. One of the conditions is that the
i Atlantic and Pacific shall not extend its
| own line into California without five
years' notice to the Southern Pacific.
This would preclude the construction by
! the Atlantic and Pacific of a line to close
the gap between Mohave and Bakerstield
so as to connect with the Valley road at
the latter town.
The Atcbison, Topeka and Santa Fe has
acquired all the outstanding bonds of the
Atlantic and Pacific, and is ready to pur
chase the property and all the vested
riehts of the latter company, including
the contract with the Southern Pacific.
Judge Sterry's object in acpearing be
fore the Judiciary Committee to-night
was to secure the passage of a bill which
would give his company the power to
form a corporation un ler the laws of
California which will have the richt to
purchase railroads already constructed,
together with all their rights, franchises
and privileges of all kinds. The present
law provides for the organization of cor
porations to transact any kind of business
not in itself unlawful, and the Civil Code
also specifically provides for the incor
poration of railroad companies, but no
I where is it specifically stated that a cor
i poration shall Dave the riirht to purchase
and operate roads already constructed.
There was a general disposition on tho
part of the committee to grant anything
that Judge Sterry desired on this matter,
but there was objection to the bill he had
prepared and which he had submitted to
the committee. It was contended that
the law as it stood permitted the forma
tion of such a corporation as he had out
lined. He admitted this, but explained
that some technical objections might bo
raised as the law stood at present, arid for
that reason his company desired to thor
i oughly protect itself.
It was suggested that the Civil Code
could be more safely and satisfactorily
amended to secure the object he sought.
! He said he did not care how the end was
1 effected and would be satisfied with any
j thing tne committee recommended as long
as what his company desired was granted.
Senators Simpson and Dickinson were
named as a committee to draft a suitable
amendment to section 405 of the Civil2
Code, relating to the powers of railroad
corporations. This will be offered as a
substitute to the bill first proposed, and
will be recommended for favorable con
sideration to the Senate.
With a satisfactory law in existence a
new corporation, controlled by the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe, will be formed,
which will control and operate the branch
between The Needles and Mojave, and
then the A'.chiaon, Topeka and Santa Fe
will be in position to build irom Mojave
to Bakersfield and so to make a connec
tion with the Valley road without any one
having violated the existing contract be
tween the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
and the Southern Pacific Company.
Another condition of the arrangement
between the two latter companies is that
the Atlantic and Pacific has an option on
the purchase of The Needles-Mojave sec
tion at any time during the life of the
contract on giving five years' notice to the
Southern Pacific Company. It will, there
fore, only be a question of time when the
Atchisou, Topeka and Santa Fe and the
Valley road people will jointly own and
control a through genuine competing
transcontinental line into Sau Francisco.
No Southern Pacific opposition — no mat
ter in what form it may manifest itself —
should therefore be allowed to interfere
with granting the small concession for
which Judge Sterry has asked.
QUEEN LIL AS GROVER'S WARD.
Seeks Redress for the Loss of Her Throne
and Protection Against I mag nary
Assassins.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 15.— A Sun
special from Washington says: There are
many evidences that ex-Queen Liliuoka
lani regards herself in a sen^e as a ward
of the President of the United States and
that she expects him to make some recom
mendation that will bring her recompense
for the ect of the "representatives of the
United States" in ousting her from the
Hawaiian throne. Every step she has
taken since coming to Washington has
been influenced by the consideration of
what eftect it would have upon her stand
ing as a claimant against the United
States.
No step is taken, moreover, without giv
ing formal notice to President Cleveland.
This has been the policy of the ex-Queen
since first she set foot upon the soil of the
Nation's capital, and she evidently means
to leave no stone unturned until she hns
forced from President Cleveland some
recognition that will give her a status as a
claimant before the incoming administra
tion.
No act in the line of this persistent policy
has been more deliberate than that of
Saturday, when the ex-Qbeen received in
formation that there is a plot on foot to
assassinate her. Within ten minutes the
informat on was lodged with Private
Secretary Thurber.
Since Friday morning the number of her
callers has increased to such an extent that
she will probably be obliged to hold a daiiy
drawing-room. Now that she ciaims to
be as much a Queen as ever there is great
anxiety to see ncr, and some of Washing
ton's most iashionable people call almost
hourly.
Yesterday a letter from Honolulu came
to Liliuokaiani warning her that her life
is in danger. It was written by a warm
friend of the c.--Queen, and the language
use<i was similar to that employed in the
two letters received Saturday. Captain
Palmer said she appeared calm and serene
while reading the letter, and showed no
signs of nervousness or excitement.
"Do you credit your advices relative to
the plot to assassinate the Queen?" was
asked of Palmer.
"Emphatically I do. I have known for
some time that annexationists in Hawaii
would stoop to anythine to accomplish
their purpose. With the Queen out of
their way they would stand a better
chance of accomplishing t.'ieir purpose.''
"Do you apprehend danger immedi
ately?"
"My advices are that the scoundrels are
now in this country, having arrived in
San Francisco last week."
AN INTERNATIONAL QUESTION.
Whet ihs Arrest of the Turkish Consul at
Boston Has Led To—Mustapha
Bey Calls on Olney.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.— A Herald
special from Washington says: The arrest
in New York Saturday night of Joseph
lazigi, the Turkish Consul at Boston, has
developed into an international question.
Mustapha Bey, the diplomatic representa
tive of the Sultan in Washington, re
ceived a dispatch yesterday from lazigi
stating that he was arrested on a warrant
growing out of a civ.l suit instituted
against him in Boston. No mention was
made in the message regarding the Charge
of embezzlement.
On receipt of this dispatch Mustapha
Bey, accompanied by the Secretary of the
Legation, drove to Secretary Olney's resi
dence, where they had an interview with
the Secretary of State. Olney telegraphed
at once to officers of the Government in
New York and Boston to look thoroughly
into tiio matter.
Mustapha Bey also telegraphed to
lazigi directing him to make a full state
ment of the case. The lazigi case is com
plicated by the fact that the prisoner is an
American citizen and only "honorary"
Consul of Turkey at Boston. If he were
still a subject of Turkey, then the Turk
ish Mir.isier would have jurisdiction over
the case. But Turkey has strongly re
sisted the right of any of her subjects to
become citizens of the United States with
out her consent, and this may further
comnlicate the matter.
"The State Department and myself,"
said the Minister, "will make a prompt
investigation and the matter will be set
tled in such a way that the laws of this
country and the honor and dimity of
Turkey will be upheld. But the affair will
be settled between tuo State Department
and the Nation.' 1
THREE LXHCXjTIOHS TO-DAI.
Missouri's Governor Inclines to Interfere
in Jtue*trow's Vate.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Feb. -Arthur
Duestrow, under sentence of death, was
taken to Union this morning under es
cort. He will be hanged in the jailyard
to-morrow for the murder of his wife and
four-year-old son. A mob gathered at the
city jail early ttiis morning, but no vio
lence was offered.
Duestrow continues to feign insanity.
The commission of lunacy appointed by
Governor Stevens examined Duestrow.
Two of the commission decided that the
murderer was sane. The other member
thinks Duestrow insane. Governor Stev
ens will be governed by the majority re
port.
The Governor will not interfere in the
cases of Murderers Schmidt and Foster, to
hang to-morrow.
Senator H'olcott in Berlin.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 15.— United
States Senator Wolcott, who is making a
tour of the Continent in the interests of
bimetallism, has arrived here. Senator
Wolcott was calied upon at his hotel in
the course of the day by Dr. Arendt, Herr
yon Kardorff and Count yon Mirbach,
the leading German bimetallism, with
wbom he held a protracted conference.
This evening Wolcott was entertained at
dinner by Charles de Kay, United States
Consul-General.
Sir 6eorij« C. ireveUjnn'* Atfce«*«or.
GLASGOW, Fcotlaxd. Feb. 15 —The
election to nil tbe vacancy in the House
of Commons for the Bridgeton division of
Glasgow, caused by the retirement of
Richt Hon. Sir George C. Trevelyan,
Liberal, was held to-day and resulted in
me return of Sir Charles Cameron, Liberal
SENATORS SPAR
FOR PRECEDENCE
Sherman Scores a Point,
but Morgan Wins on
a RollcalL
Arbitration Treaty Sidetracked
and Clayton-Buiwer Resolu
tion Taken Up
The Alabama Senator Argues in
Favor of Abrogation— Says the
Proper Time Has Arrived.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.-In the
Senate to-day the House bill to prevent
forest fires on the public domain was
passed, and a resolution requesting the
President to transmit copies of correspond
ence with the German empire, in reference
to American insurance companies, was
introduced.
The joint resolution declaring the Clay
ton- Buiwer treaty abrogated was laid be
fore the Senate and Morgan spoke upon
it. Before he had finished his first sen
tence, he was interrupted by a point of
order raised by Sherman (R.) of Ohio that
joint resolutions cannot be taken up in
the morning hour except on regular mo
tion, and the chair decided that the point
was well taken.
Several efforts were made to secure
unanimous consent for Morgan to pro
ceed, but Sherman objected every time.
Then Morgan mov^d to take up his reso
lution, and, to the surprise of every one,
it prevailed, by the close vote of 32 to 31.
Morgan was proceeding to discuss the
resolution when Mr. Hoar suggested that
the subject was executive session business,
and the vice-president directed the ser
jeant-at-arms to clear the galleries and
close the door?. Morgan had succeeded
in sidetracking the general arbitration
treaty, and his action in calling up the
Clayton-Buiwer resolution in open ses
sion created quite a sensation in the Sen
ate. The discussion was continued in se
cret session.
Immediately after the closing of the
doors Morgan took the floor and began a
speech in favor of his resolution. He
went over the past history of Great
Britain in connection with that treaty
and showed that on several occasions that
Government had violated the provisions
of the treaty. He contended, despite the
opposition of several Secretaries of^State,
that toe treaty was null and void by the
very acts of one of the contracting pow
er?, and that the proper time had now ar
rived lor the United States to officially
take notice of what had been done and
abrogate the treaty.
At 2 o'clock, while Morgan was still
speaking on his resolution, the matter was
laid aside and the Senate went into regu
lar executive session business for the con
sideration of the nominations on the cal
endar.
The doors were opened at 3:55 and legis
lative business was resumed, the bank
ruptcy bill coming up as unfinished busi
ness.
The Senate substitute for the bill was
read in full, and a substitute for the six
teen sections was introduced by Nelson
(R. ) oi Minnesota, it was not read. The
bill was then laid aside.
A conference report on the Senate bill to
provide time and place for holding terms
of the United States courts in Utah was
presented and agreed to, the .House amend
ments being concurred in. A conference
report on the legislative, executive and |
judicial appropriation bill was presented |
and agreed to. A conference was ordered
on the agricultural bill.
The private pension bills on the calen
dar, numbering twenty-four, were taken
up and passed.
Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania gave notice
that on Thursday next he would move to
take up the House bill authorizing the
appointment of a non-partisan commis
sion to collate and recommend legislation
on the problem presented by labor, agri
culture and capital.
Senate bill for the revision and codifica
tion of the criminal and penal laws of the
United States was i>assed.
At 5:15 p. M. the Senate adjourned until
to-morrow.
QUICK WORK I\ TUB HOUSE.
Sundry Civil Bill, Carrying $60,000,000,
famed in Short Order.
WASHINGTON', D. C, Feb. 15.-To-day
was suspension day, and the House, under
a two-thirds vote, disposed of a large
amount of business. The inmost important
measure passed was the sundry civil ap
propriation bill, carrying a total of about
$60,000,000 and comprising 111. paces.
Owing to the short lime allowed for de
bate (one hour) this unusual manner of
summarily disposing of a bill of such im
portance was sharply criticized, ns was
also the appropriation of about $16,000,000
for river and harbor improvements, under
the contract system. Some reflection*
upon the Appropriations Committee
and its chairman, Cannon (R.) of
Illinois, on account of the item in
tne bill appropriating $200,000 for
establishing a new soldiers' home at
Danville (Cannon's home), were warmly
replied to by that gentleman, who stated
that he had urged its location there only
as the unanimous recommendation of the
soldiers' home officials, the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Committee on
Appropriations.
Of the other bills passed were: Appro
priating $15,000 to close the crevasse at
Pass Alotitre, Mississippi River; to sup
ply the National Guards of the various
States with modern Springfield rifles:
lending tents to the city of Buffalo. N. V.,
for use of the Grand Army encampment
next summer; extending the time for the
completion of certain railroads in Min
nesota and furnishing a naval vessel to
carry supplies to the famine-stricken peo
ple of India.
The contested . election case of Benoit
vs. Boatnet from the Fifth Louisiana Dis
trict was settled by the adoption of a reso
lution declaring the latter entitled to the
seat be now holds.
The Senate amendments to the diplo
matic consular appropriation bill were
concurred in and the agricultural bill was
sent to conference.
A recess wa.s taken until 8 o'clock, when
private pension bills will be considered.
One hour and forty minutes' time was
wasted at to-night's session of the House
before a quorum was secured. While the
House awaited the arrival of absentees
the members crowded In the area before
the presiding officer's desk and begged
that certain of their colleagues should be
excused, principally upon the ground of
illness.
A score of excuses were accepted, when
Poole of New York asked a similar privi
lege for bis cojleague, Mahany. A mem
ber in a spirit of fun objected, and Poole
made his request in the iorm of a motion.
The chair put tue motion and it was de
feated, amid shouts of laughter, by a vote
of 67 to 73. -
Even morn decisive was the vole against
excusing Terry of Arkansas and Alien of
Mississippi. When Mahany came
in a little later he received a round
of applause. Similar demonstrations
were made in favor of other late arrivals
until & quorum was established by the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1597.
presence of Hart of Pennsylvania, when
the House settled down to business. The
r«suit of the session was that ten bills
were laid aside with a favoraole recom
mendation, and at 11:30 o'clock the House
adjourned.
WEYLER'S LATEST DECREES.
Trying Hard to Keep Up ihe Tottering
Money Circulation of
Cuba.
HAVANA, Cuba. Feb. 15.— Captain-
General Weyler recently announced hiß
intention of closing all the exchange banks
and prohibiting the exchange of scrip lor
coin and also his determination to banish
all persons found guilty of speculation in
coin and scrip to the island of Fernando.
The Official Gazette to-morrow will pub
lish two decree^, the first cf which pro
vides for making compulsory the circula
tion of scrip a: par with silver; for the
trial of depreciators of paper money upon
charges of being in league with the rebels,
and for the sending of an order to the
American Bank Note Company of New
York for the printing of fractional cur
rency, which order is to be immediately
executed.
The second decree provides regulations
for the sale of lottery tickets.
Jose Gonzales Lasarada will be executed
to-morrow at sunrise for the crime of re
bellion and sedition.
Honore Lame, a Frenchman, who was
arrested some time since upon a political
charge, has been released.
A parly of rebels to-day opened fire
upon Valladares, in Santa Clara province,
killing Lieutenant Mata of the Spanish
forces.
The Prince and Princess of Khevenbu!
ler-Metz of Austria have arrived here from
Vera Cruz.
Acting under orders from Captain-Gen
eral Weyler two gambling-houses have
been closed and their proprietors have been
sentenced to imprisonment and to pay a
fine of $500 each.
It is announced that Captain-General
Weyler has expressed himself as satisfied
with the operations of the Spanish forces
in Cuba.
Colonels Cinta and Lara, while recon
noitering in the vicinity of Placetas,
province of Santa Clara, had an engage
ment with a band oi insurgents in winch
twenty-two of the rebels ..ere tilled. The
Spanish losses consisted of seven men
wounded.
afraid or GOMEZ.
Weyler Aot Anrii.ua to Battle With the
Cuban * hirf.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: The
Marquis of Anurnada, second in command
of the island of Cuba, received on Satur
day a dispatch from General Weyler ur
gently requesting a ie-enforcement of
5000 Boldiers to help him in Las Villas.
Though this report ,h;n been kept out of
the newspapers and away from the gen
eral public, it is well known in official cir
cles and by influential Spaniards and has
created a great sensation.
Weyler is afraid of the advance oi Gen
eral Gomz now in progress, and thinks
that the 25,000 regular Spanish soldiers
under bis command in Las Villas, besides
the 6000 or 7000 volunteers and guerilla
forces tuere, are not enough to check the
Cuban leader. The Spaniards have taken
refuge in the towns and fortifications,
leaving the country to Gomez. Without
re-enforcements Weyler does not dare to
attack the Cubans.
Gomez, however, keeps movinjr from
one place to another in the province, but
all the while advancing slowly to the
west, keeping Weyler in constant uncer
tainty about his intentions.
I ! It is'known here that the concentration
under Gomez or the various bands of in
surgents in the province of Santa Ciara
has resulted in a well-armed corps of
more than 6000 men. The main object of
Gomez for the present is to prevent
Weyler from allowing the sugar estates of
Las Villas to grind cane, and at the same
time to give battle to him if be dares to
fight in a place chosen by the Cuban
leader.
Here in Havana the situation is no
more favorable to the Spaniards than in
Las Villas. The 4000 Cubans who are in
the hills of Gavilan are constantly harass
ing the neighboring to-an of Managua
and the Havana suburbs. Their flag* dis
| played oa the hills are seen from the
I capital. Great uneasiness prevails here
on account of all this, and Gomez' ap
proach tills the authorities with the keen
est anxiety.
At the same time the financial situation
is desperate. The news that the Govern
ment is willing to extend t0 550,000,000 the
issue already made of $20,000,000 in bank
notes has created a panic. The merchants
protest against such a measure as must
bring the total ruin of Cuba. Daily runs
are attempted on the Spanish Back of the
island of Cuba, but a strong force of mili
tary police guards the door. Those who
try to enter are arrested or assaulted by
the soldiers. Finally the crowd yields-,
and every one goes home protesting
against the bank and the Government.
But they do not dare to revolt openly, for
fear of helping the insurrection.
The issue of $10,000,000 more in paper
money is considered as the first sign of
the bankruptcy of Spain to be followed by
a general xuspension of payments. The
policy duriue the last war ruined thou
sands of Spaniards.
The proposed reforms continue to be
bitterly criticized. Toe Cubans here be
lieve that the reforms will never be estab
lished and that the Spanish Government
issued the decree only because it feared
that a change of the administration in the
United States would effect a change of
policy with regard to CuDa.
ISl*F.l't:.\lU.\< i: FOJt CUBA.
Ringing Mtmorlnl Adopt'd by the Wath
ingtnn Lrginlnture.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Feb. 15.— A Cuban
memorial passed by the House to-day,
after its title, reads:
Your memorialist-, the Legislature of the
State of Washington, respectfully represent
that.
Whereas. War exists in the Island of Cuba,
in conduct of which barbarities and atrocities
are being daily committed repugnant to cus
tom and usages of civilization and contrary to
well-settled laws of civilized warfare, and
Whereas, The commission of such outrages
is not only revolting to humanity, butacstruc
tive of personal and property rights of citizens
and
Whereas, We deeply deplore the existence
of these conditions and desire to express our
sympathy with patriotic Cubans In their de
termined effort for liberty and freedom, be it
therefore
Ettolved, That we, your memorialists, hereby
instruct our representatives in the United
States Senate and request our representatives
in the House of Representatives to exercise
every honorable effort to the cud that your
honorable bodies recognize the fact that a
state of war exists in Cuba and that you enact
such measures as will secure to the Cubans
their independence.
Hefent of ln*ut-gi-n>*.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 15. -General Al
dave with three columns of Spanish troops
has captured the town of Siguan in the
province of Santa Clara, defeating the in
surgent 'forces which were intrenched
there and pursuing them to the Niguendo
lulls. . '-- ;." ti ■
SEARLES TELLS OF
TRUST METHODS
Sugar Combine's Secretary
Put on the Lexow
Gridiron.
Explains How the Stock Was
Increased From $7,000,000
to $50,000,000
Finally Assumes the Aggressive anl
Says There Is Too Much
Legislation
HEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15. -The joint
legislative committee appointed to inves
tigate the existence of trusts and monopo
lies in the (State of New York met again
this morning.
John E. Searles, secretary and treasurer
of the American Refining Company, was
on hand early. The first witness called
was James Post, a commission merchant
of this city. He represented the two
Eastern concerns that were supposed to
be in competition with the American
Sugar Refining Company. These were
the National Company and the Mollen
hauer Company.
The witness admitted that while he
represented the T. H. Howell, Son & Co.
and the Mollenhauer Company in su^ar
dealings, be sometimes had the one com
pany competing against the other, because
it occasionally happened that the one
company wanted fco buy and the other
wanted to sell.
"The product of both these concerns is
competed for at the same time in your
office, is that what you mean to say?"
"Yes; that sometimes happens."
Senator Lexow then questioned the wit
ness about the factor's agreement.
"Is it the same as that of the American
Sugar Refining Company?"
"With the exception ttat we do not re
quire an affidavit to get the rebate of
three-sixteenths oi a cent per pound."
The witness men stated again that he
did not think any of the refiners made a
quarter of a cent profit last year.
"And yet the factor gets three-six
teenths of a cent rebate when the refiner
does not make a quarter of a cent?" asked
Senator Lexow.
"That's so," replied the witness.
*Do you want us to believe that?"
"Yes, sir."
The witness said that the price of sugar
was fixed by the d?.ily state of the market
and not by the refining company. He ex
plained ti.at the quality rate book accepted
by the grocers and the companies only
dealt with the freight. This contract, the
witness admitted, was to stamp out com
petition, but was equally for the benefit of
the grocer and the consumer, because
sugar was sold to everybody at the same
price.
John E. Searles next took the stand.
After stating that he did not recolle;t
having testified at his previous examina
tion that the price ot tuigar was depressed
last year he aaid that they were not run
ning to tne full extent last year. Twelve
refineries were not operated. He~ad
mitted that his company bad in contem
plation the purchase of the United States
Sugar Refining Company of Camden.
The oniy reason witness wonld give for
this contemplated purchase was that his
company mignt be able to utilize it.
The witness was then asked why the
American Sugar Refining Company had
purchased tne Baltimore Refinery in 1896.
'•We thought it was a good purchase
and that sugar could be conveniently dis
tributed from that point to the South and
Wast," he replied.
"Now, is it not a fact that whenever a
plant has been acquired by you it has
been a competing plant?"
••That is correct."
In reply to another question the witness
denied that the company could close all
the factories in any State and still be able
to supply the country ; also that there was
a special sum set aside for supporting idle
refineries.
In reply to questions about the organi
zation of the sugar trust, witness said
there were about 3000 shareholders when
the original American Sugar Refining
Company was formed. There were about
9000 now.
"Who sold the holders the additional
6000 shares of stock?"
"It was sold on the Stock Exchange."
"And you have recapitalized the stock
from $7,000,000 to $50,000,000 and increased
the ownership by 3000?"
"That's so.' 1
"Nuw, why did you not let the public
get a chance at the stock when it was
owned by 100 people and not wait until it
was increased in nominal value?"
"As it is explained in my previous testi
mony the stock before the consolidation
was in the hands of a few private i-eople
and the great public could not gain access
to it."
Benator Lexow at this juncture an
nounced a recess until 2:30 o'clock.
Before Mr. Searles left the stand the
chairman asked him to bring the books
of the company after recess.
After recess Mr. Searles resumed the
stand. Witness said that the only retailers
his company ever sold sugar to were large
concerns.
"Is it not a fact that you have an agree
ment with the Wholesale Grocers' Asso
ciation ?"
"No. sir, it is not. We have an agree
ment, however, with the wholesale gro
cers in regard to the freight from refining
points to tlie point of sale."
Senator Lexow wanted the witness to ad
mit that under the code of rules adopted
by the wholesale grocers the American
Sugar Refining Company controlled the
price of sugar all over the country, but
Mr. Searles could not see it in that way.
"But it is your agents who have formu
lated these rules?' "queried Mr. Lexow.
"It is the wholesale grocers who have
formulated them," was Mr. Searles' reply.
Tbe witties-; gave the items of the orig
inal capitalization of the original sugar
trust. There were fifteen companies and
they amounted to $8,580,000. He said he
had no record of the amount of certifi
cates issued for the stock.
"Then,? said Mr. Lexow, ''the books
that show an increase of $43,000,000 from
a capital of $6,000,000 sre not ia ex
istence?"
"That is so, sir."
Mr. Ssarles also declared that he did not
know the whereabouts of the trust deeds
which showed tne amount of certificates
distributed among the fifteen companies.
He could not recollect tbe amount of cer
tificates that went to each company. Mr.
Searks explained that there was no neces
sity for the certificates or books when the
new concern was formed and he did not
think it singular that they had disap
peared.
The following is the capital stock of the
fifteen original companies that composed
tbe sugar trust, according to the witness :
havemever <fc Elder $500,000, Dick &
Meyer $200,000. De Costro $250,000. Moile.
& Sierck $210,000, Orynaud $100,000, If. O.
Mathieson &. Wiechers $400 000, Brooklyn
$300,000, Havemever $1,000,000. Forest City
$300,000, Boston $650,000, Standard $1,000.
--00 U. Bay State $225,000, St. Louis $750,000,
Louisiana $450,000, Planters $250,000.
At tbis juncture Senator Lexow asked
the witness if he had the minute-book of
the American Sugar Refining Company
with him.
"I have not."
"We want to look at the minute-book to
find out something about the capi*aliza
tion of the original company. Are you
prepared to produce these books now?"
asked Senator Lexow.
"I submitted your request to as many
of the directors as 1 could reach, and was
unable to get their permission to produce
the minute-book in court If what you
desirt is to get ficures relating to prop
erty, that would be another question,
which I would be willing to submit to
them. So far as tbe minute-book is con
cerned, the} 7 decline to prod nee it."
The Senator then directed tie steno
grapher to note that the committee was
going to subDena the directors to produce
tbe minute-book.
Senator Lexow then went back again to
the consolidation and wanted to know
how the stock was apportioned, the wit
ness replying that it was apportioned ac
cording to the earning capacity of the
various refineries.
"Are there more men employed in the
sugar refinery to-day than before the
trust?"
"Yes, sir."
The witness said that during the last
nine years his company had distributed
$1,500,000,000 worth of sujjar in the United
States.
In reply to another question the witness
said the London market controlled the
price of sugar all over the world.
"Is the increase in lar^e corporations a
disndvantaee to the workingman?"
"No, sir; due if we had less legislation
we would be better off. If you will make
laws that will invite capital to this State
instead of driving it away it would be an
advantage. But so long as investigations
like this are fomented it makes capital
unsafe and uncertain and makes it act on
the defensive as though it were the enemy
of the workingman. There is a law higher
than the law of the State of New York—
the law of supply and demand — which
controls these tilings and no trust has
ever been able to violate it."
Senator Lexow at this juncture ad
journed the proceedings until 10 o'clock
to-morrow mornine, when Mr. Searles
will produce a lot of statistics in regard to
the price of raw material before and after
tue formation of the trust.
JUIHiE JUOJtJiO H OV Hit RULED.
United Hairs Supreme Court Fast em
Upon in Unusual C'ate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15 —Judge
Morrow of the Federal Court of the North
ern District of California was overruled by
the Supreme Court of the United States
to-day in a case of an unusual nature. At
the instance of one Statler, agent for the
California National Bank of San Fran
cisco, whicb went into the hands of a re
ceiver several years ago, he issued an or
der adjudging John Chetwood Jr., a stock
bolder in the bank, and his counsel in
contempt of court because they had failed
to obey his previous order to dismiss a
writ of error to the Supreme Court of
California issued by a Justice of the Su-
Dreme Court of the United States and to
cease prosecution of a writ of error al
lowed by the State Supreme Court. These
writs were taken in litigation begun in
the State courts by Chetwood sgainst the
president and two direcjors of the bank
wliich had resulted adversely to him.
In disposing of ihe case Chief Justice
Fuller remarked that the Supreme Court
of the United States was unable to accept
any ol the grounds suggestud for the
power exercised by Judge Morrow. The
fcfrate courts, he said, had jurisdiction of
tbe litigation and not a step had been
taken by any one which tended to give the
Federal Circuit Cocrt control. If there
had been error in granting the writs that
was a question for the Supreme Court of
the United States to decide. The ruling
against Ju Ige Morrow astced for by Chet
wood would be made absolute, and
if necessary a writ of certiorari would
issue to bring the orders he bad made to
the Supreme Court of the United States,
where they would be quashed.
XATY J3BPAST3tt:yT''oJthERS.
lorptdo Boat* to He Put In an I Out of
< i. nun im'i, j.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.-The
torpedo- boat Cushine, which arrived at
Norfolk to-day, will be put out of com
mission, and her officers aad crew are to
be transferred at once to torpedo-boat No.
6, Lieutenant J. C. Fremont to command,
with Ensign C. G. Daviesoa second in
command. The torpedo-boat Ericsson is
also to be in commission Marcu 18, with i
Lieutenant N. K. Rusher in command.
Ensign L. A. Bostwick is ordered from the
war college to the Ericsson. Passed As
sistant Engineer O. W. Keesier is also
ordered to the Ericsson.
Commander G. W. Jfigtnan is ordered vo
command the naval station at Kew Lon
don, Conn., March 11, relieving Comman
der H. Elmer, who is ordered to command
the Marblehead, relieving Commander T.
F. Jewel, detaciied and granted three
months' leave. Lieutenant W. A. Gill is
detached from the Constellation and or
dered to the branch Hydroßraphic Office
at Pniladelphia, Lieutenant H. W. flam
son from the Adams to the Independence
and Lieutenant C. If. Fans from steel ml
spection duty at Pittsburg to the Constel
lation.
I nuime to I'rr** a Tatf.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15. -A Herald
special from Washington says: Tbe gen
eral arbitration treaty will be rejected if
pressed to a vote this session. This is the
conclusion reached by a Democratic
Senator friendly to the treaty, who has
made an informal canvass of the Senate
He has found that there are not more
than fifty Senators who will vote for the
tieaty in its present form, ten less tlian
the two-thirds necessary for ratification.
A 9 a result of this canvass, the policy of
the real friends of the trenty is to post
pone the consideration until the extra
session.
hew to-dat:
RARE
BAR-
GAINS^
What the public wants it
must have, so our great clear-
ance sale will be continued.
Infants' Fine Kid, button, patent-
leather tips, sizes 2 to 6, reduced
. to.;.' ..• 45c
Boys' Fine Calf Button Shoes, size's 11
tol^'and3to6 ............. $115
Men's Felt Lace Shoes, felt soles and '
low leather heels, sizes 6 to 11, re-
duced to ; , SLIS
Men's Calf Lace and Congress, wide
toe*, tipped or plain, reduced from '
■■ $2.50 t0....... $1 80
-Men's Fine Calf Dress Shoes, Lac* or '
Congress, narrow, square or razor
toe, reduced to $2.60
Kast's
738-740 Market -St.
Carry a Full line of Buckingham
& Hecht's .Fine Shoes.
SEND FOR . CATALOGUE.
MAJOR McKINLEY
HAS INFLUENZA
Slight Illness That Will
Compel Him to Taks
Needed Rest.
Those in Quest of Political Po
sitions Cannot Be Seen for
Several Days.
Great Influence Brought to Bear in
B half of G neral Wood ford
of New York.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 15.— Major Me-
Kinley was unable to receive any of
the numerous politicians who were on
Hand this morning. He is suffering from
a mild attack of influenza and was con
fined to bis bed until this evening, when
the physician permitted him to sit up for
a time. Dr. Pnilllps, the attending physi
cian, says McKinley will b<* unable to re
ceive any one for several days and must
be permitted to reserve his strength for
the inaugural ceremonies. He furnished
the United Presses with the following:
"Major McKinley is not seriously ill,
but is suffering with a mild attack of in
fluenza. His pulse and temperature are
j now normal. He must not receive callers
during the present week and cannot make
the anticipated trip to Cleveland until
Thursday or Friday. He should be al
lowed to rest from now until the time of
his departure for Washington. 1 '
The callers who were unable to see
Major McKinley, with few exceptions,
were only prominent in local politics.
Of course cabinet talk is brought to an
abrupt termination by McKinley's slight
illness. A great deal of influence is being
brought to bear upon Major McKinley to
select General Stewart ' L. Woodford for
one of the vacant Cabinet positions. Ex-
Mayor Charles A. Schieren of Brooklyn
was in the city to-day to speak a few
words for his friend, General VVoodford,
but was unable to see the I'resideat-elect.
Harold A. Logan, a New York newspa
per man, is awaiting a conference with
Major McKinley. He is here in the inter
ests of the Commissioner of Correction,
Robert J. Wright, who is an open and
avowed candidate for Collector of the Port
of New York. Mr. Logan will present a
petition signed by a large number of the
leading newspaper men of Gotham urging
Mr. Wright's appointment. He says his
candidate is antagonistic to neither fac
tion of the party, is universally popular
and very capable. His leading competitor
is Mr. lii-i well, who is said to be indorsed
by Mr. Platt.
Colonel W. W. Dudley of Washington,
a member of the inaugural committee,
wished to talk over the preparations for the
ceremony. He is desirous of learning if
the President-elect wishes a reception to
be tendered him upon his arrival in Wash
ington by the Military Order of the Union
Veterans Legion of which Mr. McKinley
is a member. He will remain in the city
until the Major is able to receive him.
OSFICIAI. MJb-bIOJLWvSJS AJiKOAI).
Olney'a /estimate for Housing Our Em
hamaitor* ana Minister*.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 15.—Secre
tary Olney sent to the House to-day an
estimate of the cost of erecting official
residences for our Embassadors and Min
isters abroad as follows: Austria, $146,000 ;
Belgium. $25,000 to $50,000; China. $35,000 •
France. $300,000; Germany, $325,000 to
$800,000: Great Brf.ain. $60,000 to $500,000;
Greece, $30,000 to $40,000; the Netherlands,
$16,000 to $32,000; Portugal, $20,000; Rus
sia, 200, C00 to 400.000 roubles; Spain, $80,
--000; Sweden ana Norway, $35,000 to $40
--000; Switzerland, $30,000 to $40,000; Tur
key. $100,000.
While not expecting that Congress will
make all these appropriations at once the
Secretary hopes a beginning will be made.
THE 3JOMJSTAHI PROBLEM.
Argument* Before the Bout* Committee
on Coinage.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
House Committee on Coinage, Weights
and Measures to-day heard farther argu
ments on the Senate bill looking to an
international conference.
Mr. Fowler (R.) of New Jersey, a mem
ber of the committee, in opposition to the
bill, replied to an argument by Mr. New
lands on the effect oi the demonetization
of silver on the business of tiio United
States. In reply to Mr. Newlands he said
we could double our present stock of
silver, $700,000,000, without the world
knowing it.
The coraroittee adjourned until to
morrow, when further testimony will be
taken.
Want a Twentu- Tear Contract,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.—Lori
mer, «fter a conference with the Secretary
KEW TO-DAT.
Another week of great and ||
rare bargains, Be quick and w
take advantage of them. M
Ladies' Fine Black Cloth Top, button, 13
pointed or narrow square to-, pr.t- y
ent-leather tips, reduced irom $2.50 H
t0.....;...; ... .........•••••••••*l-°5 |
Ladies' Fur-bound Rnmeos, satin . H
quilted, reduced lrom $2.50 to $1.00 |1
Misses' Fine Kid, button, square toe |1
and tip. sprins heels, s.zes 11 to 2.. #1.20 ■
Child's Black Cloth Top Button, pat- H
cut-leather tips, haua-turned soles, |1
spring heels, s zess toTK- 95c |t
Child's Fine KM Button, patent- EJ
leather tips, spring heels, sizes 8 £3
to 10]^..... 95c I
738-740 Market St. §
We ; Do Not Prepay Mail or Ex- H
press Charges on the Above Adver- Ej
.tinea ' Goods. •• • M
MAIL CRDHRS PROMPTLY FILLED. H
of the Navy, in troduced a bill in the Hous*
to-day, authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to make a twenty-year contract with
the Illinois Steel Cbmpnny to supply
armcr plate for ships at $200 per ton, $263
P*r ton less than the present price.
President Gat* s of the I linois Comparer
states that his associates will agree to puy
ur> a p ia nt costing $3,500,000 if the contraclp
asked for be awarded to them.
Tom Mother and Dawjht-r.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, Feb. 15.—Two
sons of Sir Arthur Trevelyari of England's
aristocracy are implicated in a romantic
episode which has just come to light in
Lynn County. George Trevelyan came to
this country several years ago and pur-
T«£ Sed £ lar *;e farm near Manchester,
iowa. He was later followed by an eider
brother, Roper. They formed the ac
quaintance 01 a family named Fleming
and George v became infatuated with a
pretty daughter, who has just recently
become bis - wli c-in fact. they are now
?£ J rt« f? tielr honeymoon. Mr. Fleming
to-day fi.ed s,m ngainst Ro^r Trevelyan
Northern
M',, Cifie Affair*.
MILWAUKEE, AY , Feb. 15,-Judge
Jenkins has entered an order in the United
States court which compels the legal sale
of the Northern Pacific Railway Compa
ny's property and its transfer to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company The
order confirms the acts of Master Curev in
executing the deeds to the property and
disposing of the proceeds of the sale" Tha
property brought $18,150,200 nominally
but it is not believed that any one will
ever know the exact amount which the
company was obliged to pay for the prop
erty because of the numerous and intri
cate obligations It was bound to assume
In complying with the terms of the decree
Stabbed, a Collector.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.-E. P.
Spear of Georgia, a chief of division ia
the Treasury Department, this afternoon^
while in his office, became involved in ar
quarrel with William Cailan, a collector
during which Spear st.-bbed Calian. Cal
lan was taken to the Emergency Hospital,
where his wounds were dressed, and sub
sequently removed to his home. No ar
rests have been made.
Trenmury *tatement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
Treasury deficiency for the seven and a
half months of the present fiscal year to
date is 147,713,300. The available money
in the treasury for current use is
stated at $21G.C00.000. of which $146,000 000
including $100,000 gold reserve, is cold;
$20,000,000 silver certificates; $11,000 000
United States notes and $39,000,000 miscel
laneous funds.
a~ ing with pains in
P.nrPQ
UUi Gui
If yon are suHer-
ing with pains in
the small of yourj
back, also pains up
each side of back-
bone «o lower points
of shoulder-blade,:
the great cure is thai
Hudyan Remedy)
have dizziness, pal-
pitation, rush" of
blood, faintness, the
Hudyan cure is cer-
tain in your case.
YOU CAN
get Hndyan only ,
lrom the doctors of Hudson Medical In- J
stitute. 1
tiudyan cnres falling sensations, Lost ■
Manhood, Nervous Debility and diseases
and disabilities of man. Hud van is to be
had only from Hudson Medical Institute.
cincuijAns F'zixsz:
BLOOD POISON First - secondary or
DLUUU rUiOU.I tertiary form of Blood
Dl nnn OniOnj Poison cured with the
ULUUU rUIOU.U 30-day- cure. Consult
Dl finn DniCnU Hudson doctors free
OLUUU rUIOUiI or write for
30-DAY CURE
CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERM AXE XT CUKE.
PiArs-sBUBo, Cal., Nov. 5. 1898.
Dr. .fierce & Son. San Francisco.
Gkktleme.v— The teen-dollar Belt baa been
received and delivered, but have not beard from
. .,„ theierson yet about the
''•i.iiL-^Jj&Ji^fe ■! 4. reealt, but lam not afraid •
■Sir«WiVtHi?¥^r<& of him comin? back on
i^wa^^^HC^a me. as 1 used one of your
mW^tit \ yy&F-^JCS Kelts nine (9) years ago
Efe^L I ?''-'^SrfiM and have never been
Mj!TOH?VjJßi£ff2u^ troubled witn pains in
"Gr^'tliyysHßfefcWCv^ mi' back or hips since.
S^Xii^S3fS^^)^- So you see why lam nos
a wsr» "• ' afraid to recommend your
■SVfl 1 Belt to anyone sufferings
*<-i' 'with a weak back, pain*
in the hips and side, «s I was, because it will cars
hem-net-e"to be' doubted. I «»a n youri :ai
help the sufferer. « fcU. A. h.AHL
Kg- There are no -quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electric belts cur-»
without drugs I'ric-s reasonable! No robbery!
Established 1875. .>end for free "Pamphlet No.
2" Magnetic elastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce <&
Son). 70* Sacramento st.. cor. of Kearnv, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Market
St., below Kearny, S. W.
AOKNCIKS— K. K. Goglngs. 904 J St.. Sacra-
mento: 'lhe Ilolden Drug Co.. cor. Slain and Xl
Dorado st*, Mock ton; Ueo. O. More-house, cor.
Second and San .Fernando sis.. San Jos*.
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
\1 CURED AS IF*
MKwifflßfiK&L SenJ for book that to " s
£? r9a£%vß£s^n^ Dow full Manly or Woman-
O@£?£iGr *^>'- W^ I>* Vigor Is quickly and per-
s&/£vfi* &**£&&& mant-iuly lestoied. it te'.ls
Si; JMI ~^spsSsk how strength is given to
lK£spav^r'^^«*a every part of tbe body,
WBU/F \2HBa|H how to Ket health and how
BBJP^ <4*S!^fflB to keep it- Sent ree oa
•KBjcjr application "Sealed."
The Ylrehow Electric Co.,
yjjffijj&Sg&Zp 10 ° Stockton Street,
San Franciaoo.
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS WELL KNOWN AND RIXXABLE oli»
■^ opeclail.stenrfjI > rivate,Nervous,Bloodnnd Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-o years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. oto 3
daily ; 6:3o toB.:»ev-!;s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. boscoe ncxn.iv. 91. n., .
26_: Krarnj' ftilreel, Nan FranWucw, Cal. . I
BnnnD&- HALL'S REISVIGORATOS*
LapiM live hundred reward ior any cast <fi
mM H cannot cure. THIS SECRET X■• Wf-
H I XIV " tO L' . all losses In 24 hours,
5*31?! Ml cures hmtsalont, lmpotcncv Vanco-
! BWI fflffl c * ie ' i on °rrtiu)i. Glee:, iits, s:rl>
■ ulhj iiU lures. Wood Disease and all waitinl
SS ■ effects of -eif Abuse or Kxcesja,.
t££f}t*!'**ifi3 b-eut sealed. $v> per bottle, TllntiJ
BOTTLES, *5: RU&rant«ed to curt- any case.
DiL BALL'S MEDXCAi, INSTU'L l"
... ■ »65 Broadway. Oakland. Can.
AH prlTaw oiseasw uuivJtiy cureA b«aJ '««
free DoojcSANFORD'S VICTORY
FOR WAGE-EARNERS
Passage of His Bill, Which
Compals Wages to Be
Paid Promptly.
Graphic Word Picture of Misery
and Injustice Among the
Loggers.
Plain Talk That Won the Heart of
Every Member of the Assembly
Present
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.— There
"was not a dissenting voice in the Assem
bly this morning when Sanford's Assem
. bly bill 45 was passed. It was Mr. San
ford's pet measure, ami when he had con
cluded his speech urging its passage he
was greeted with a round of hand-clap
ping by his fellow-members. The title of
tne bill is as follows:
An act requiring every corporation in this
State to pay us employes and each of them at
least once in each and every month the waces
earned by such employes; to define the duties
of the Labor Commissioner and the District
Attorneys of the several counties of this State
in enforcing this act ; to limit the defenses
which may be set up by inch corporation to
assignment of wages, set-off or counter-claims,
or the aosence of such employe at the time ot
making payment, and in case ot such absence
the wages are payable upon demand; to pro
hibit assignment of wages for the purpose of
wading the provisions of this act, and agree
ments to accept wages at longer periods than
as herein provided aa a condition of employ
ment; to t'x a penalty for this violation of the
provisions of this act by such corporation, and
to provide for the disposition of any tines re
covered from corporations violating the same.
Mr. Sanford comes from Point Arena, a
sawmill distr.ct of Men<locino County,
and. although he is a D mocrat, his bill
received the solid vote of every llepub
hcan present, and there were fewer Re
publicans absent than Democrats. It was
the gentleman's first speech of any length,
and, although not couched in eloquent
language or embellished with the power
and grace of oratory, was just as effective,
for it was a simple recital of the truth, a
rugged picture of slave life, not in Sibe
ria, but in the great redwocd forests on
the coast of California.
He said that it was the custom of the
sawmill corporations to pay their em
ployes only once in each ninety days, en
aDiiiig the log&er and mill hands to live
by advancing them orders on the corpora
tion-stores. These trucK stores posses*
all the extortionate and tyrannical feat
ures of similar dens of robbery elsewhere.
It is impossible for the hi borer to get the
face value of those checks in return for
them at any of the stores in town, for the
companies discount these checks and or
ders at 15 and 20 per cent.
"A man should be paid at the end of the
month and in casb or us equivalent," said
Mr. Banford. "These men work from ten
to fourteen hours per day, ami there is not
a dollar in circulation in the sawmill dis
tricts in which the i ruck-store system pre
vails. The resuit is that the smaller stores
aro being driven away and that the corpo
ration store-- cbaree ttiree and four prices
for their goods. Thus the workingman is
robbed at both ends."
Mr. fcaniord aaid that the mill compa
nies in Humboidt County paid off their
men at the end of each month. The men
got better wages and worked only ten
hours per day, while in Mendocino County
they work tweive hours.
in Mi-ndocinu County because of this sys
tem workingmeu can never get out of
debt to the corporations and they are prac
ticailj* in a state of serfdom. If a man
asks for money he is discharged and his
name put upon the blacklist so that he
cannot get employment in the same busi
ness anywhere along the coast. The com
• panics get the interest on the ninety days'
use of the money and make an enormous
profit out of their stores.
"The food given to those poor employes
is dis-gracefully unfit for human beings,"
continued Mr. Sanford. "It is nothing to
fcee a man who has been so fortunate as
to be killed by a log or a failing tree to be
taken about by two or three Chinamen
and buried on tne hillside without shingle
or stone to mark his grave. His home is
a miserable shanty of rough boards with
the ground for a floor. In the center i-* a
heap of sand for a fireplace, and directly
over it is a hole in the roof fur the escape
of the smoke. Wooden boxes for tables
and chairs and some straw for bedding
constitute the furniture. One comer o;
this dirty hovel is partitioned off witti
torn and smoke-blackened gunnysacks.
"In the center of the hovel sits Vie wife
cooking a pot of beans, while hercbildren,
only half clothed, crouch and crowd
around the tire to keep as warm as they
may. They are not sent to school because
they are so poorly clad that they would
be insulted and laughed at by the chil
dren of more fortunate parents. I have
come here to pJead for the men working
in the deep dark canyons, where the red
wood trees shut out the sunlight of God,
where the sound of the ax and the crash
of the ialling tree niinele with the sullen
roar of the ocean sis the billows dash upon
the rocks, and I hope that in the interest
of humanity the bill will be passed."
Hill of Humboldt favored the bill, but
he thought it should be amended so as to
exempt insolvent sawmill companies from
paying their employes at all. He made a
epeech on this subject and wppt rhetorical
tears for the poor down-trodden insolvent
corporations.
Mulcrevy of San Frtncisco hoped that
the bill would pass. He knew of instances
where men were paid $2 per day for their
work and charged $1 or $1 50 per day lor
their board on Sundays and other days
when no work was going on.
Soward of Sierra said that many mining
corporations paid their hands only once
in three months, and some did not pay
their men at all. '1 here was necessity for
fcucn a bill to cover the mining districts.
The bill was finally passed by a vote of
56 ayes and no noes.
IX HEX AIJi A Sit ASSEMBLY.
In the Former It I* Decided to Make a
tTunkrt.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15. — The
Senate this morning reconsidered the res
olution for a junket to San Luis Obispo to
look over the site for the Normal School,
and the resolution was passed.
Braunhart'a 2J^ cent carfare bill came
up for a third reading.
Morehouse declared that the bill was
unconstitutional, and wanted it referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Braunbart offered an amendment mak
ing the fare 3 cents, which was carried,
and the bill was ordered re-engrossed.
Withington's bill reducing notaries' fees,
alter some debate, was passed.
Mahoney's bill, relating to pawnbrokers,
was passed, Wolfe, however, giving notice
of a reconsideration.
The Senate this afternoon passed As
sembly bills as amended, increasing the
protection of stockholders in mining cor
porations; limiting the term of the Com
missioner of Public Worts, causing it to
expire March 1, 1899; authorizing cities to
take a census; providing for the disincor
poration of municipal corporations. . 
'Seawall introduced an amendment to
North's bill . providing an extra stenog
rapher for the Supremo Court and fixing
the salary. Seawell's amendment is to
cut the salary from $2500 to $1800.
Boyce and Dickinson spoke against the
amendment, it was supported by Braun
hart, Doty and Seawall* While the mat
ter was being discussed the time for con
sidering the Assembly file expired, and
the matter went over as unfinished busi
ness.
Flint moved to reconsider the Assembly
bill passed Saturday confening the power
upon cities to issue street-improvement
bonds. The engrossing clerk of the As
sembly had omitted a section of the bill.
The bill was iinally amended by inserting
the omitted section. This leaves the bill
as originally passed by the Assembly, but
created with an amendment on the min
utes.
In the Assembly this morning the Com
mittee on State Prisons reported favorably
the bill to resulate the operation of the
rock-crushing plant at Folsom.
The greater part of the morning session
was devoted to a discussion of a resolution
to appoint A. W. Branch a desk clerk. It
was developed, during the debate, that
Branch had been doing considerable cleri
cal work for the House, and the question
arose as to why this was necessary, with
158 attaches on the payroll.
The resolution was finally defeated,
as also was a resolution to appoint John
Milkins a porter.
The special committee to investigate
furniture, reported that the furniture
storeroom of the Capitol was a menace to
the building, and recommended that the
furniture there collected be removed, and
that at the close of the session all furni
ture be given into the custody of the Sec
retary of State.
The bill to continue the Supreme Court
commission for two years was finally
passed, and the House went into commit
tee of the whole to consider Guy's bill ap
propriating $20,000 for the contingent
fund of the House, and, rising, recom
mended that it pas?.
At the afternoon's session the Assembly
fiuallv passed the Senate bill authorizing
agricultural societies, under the control of
the State, to sell property.
Senate bills reappropriating $125,000 for
the erection of the Affiliated Colleges
buildings; authorizing the employment of
a specialist in sociological education, and
denning duties, were read a second time.
The House then went into committee of
the whole, for the consideration of With
ington's Senate bill creating a commission
for the promotion of uniform legislation
throughout the United States. Unfavora
bly rerorted.
Cross introduced a resolution requiring
a rollcall of the attaches of the House, im
mediately after the House is called to or
der to-morrow, and providing for the dis
charge of all employes absent without
reasonable excuse or permission. The bill
went to the calendar.
House bill distributing estates of less
than $1500 to the widow, which was
amended and passed by the Senate, was
concurred in by the House. Adjourned.
IMPORTANT LEGISLATION.
Changes Recommended in Reference to
the School*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.— After
having once decided to grant the State
University tor but six years the additional
1-cent tax it asked for as a continual ajv
propriation the Finance Committee of
the Senate to-day reconsidered its action
and will report a bill making the increase
perpetual.
Appropriations for the Railroad Com
mission's legal expense in the suit brought
against it by the Southern Pacific Com
pany were also under consideration. That
for $2\ ooo to pay Judge Hayne, W. vY.
Foote and J. C. Daly for services performed
in that connection was not acted upon, as j
it was argue i by some of the members
thai it miizht not be proper nor judicious
to appropriate money for services only
partly performed. It was agreed, how
ever to report favorably the bill appro
priating $30,000 for expert and legal ser
vices to be employed in further proceed
ings in the same case.
At the meeting of the Senate Committee
on Education tne bill providing for unify
ing the method of management of the
normal schools of the State was amended,
and it was agreed to recommend its pas
sace. As approved it provides that the
principals of the normal schools shall be
hereafter Known as presidents and snail
be members of the local normal school
board of trustees, and it gives tbe presi
dent of each school the right to appoint
the teachers, subject to tbe confirmation
of the trustees. Heretofore the appoint
ing power lay with the trustees. It also
provides that the four local members of
each board shall be appointed by the Gov
ernor with tho consent of the Senate, and
that their terms shall be so hxed hereafter
that the term of one member shall expire
each year. Heretofore the terms have been
coterminus and tne Governor had the sole
power of appointmetit.
FUR CHEATER CARFARE*.
Braunhart'a Amended Bill Comet Vp
in the Senate.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 15.—Braun
hart's bill to reduce carfares in San Fran
cisco came up for third reading this morn
ing, but the anticipated battle over It on the
floor of the Senate was deferred by reason
of the amendment offered by the author
of it providing that fares shall be eight for
25 cents instead of 2)£ cents each, as
originally intended.
When the amendment was being voted
on several members known to be opposed
to the measure as a whole voted in favor
of the change.
Senaior Mahoney asked permission to
explain his vote, and being granted tho
privilege stated that while the bill was be
fore the Committee on Corporations one
of the Senators on that committee sug
gested the change now proposed by Braun
hart, but the latter would not accept, it.
"For this reason," he concluded, "I vote
no. "
senator Wolfe announced that while he
would vote against the bill on final
passage he voted in favor of the amend
ment. The amendment was adopted by a
vote of 25 to 9. The bill was oidered back
to the printer and will be on the file lor
final reading tomorrow, when its fate will
probably be decided in tue Senate.
COYOTE BOUMTX CLAIMS.
An Inrettigntion o( the bcalp Scandal
to lake n ttirl* ■'cope.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15— George
A. McCalvy, formerly bookkeeper in the
office of Secretary of State Brown, was
subpeiiaed to-day by tue Finance Com- J
raittee of the Senate to appear before it at
noon to-morrow. The investigation of j
the alleged fraudulent coyote bounty i
claims will then begin. The examination
will be held behind closed doors, and
upon what may be learned from McCalvv
wiil to some extent depend the future
action of the committee. It is also on the
cards to subpena the State Board of Ex
aminers, including the Governor.
There are some 900 individual claimants
for coyote bounties, though many have
sold Their certificates to speculators, and
to make anything like a thorough invesii
gation of the entire subject matter would
involve more time than is at the disposi
tion of the committee. It is hop^d to se
cure sufficient information, however, from
McCalvy and the members of the Board of j
Examiners tg purniit the committee to i
make intelligent and just report on the '
bill before them, which appropriates
$287,000 tor tne payment of coyote scalp
claims.
To l.rnnr School I'rapertf/.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 15. — As
semblyman Pohlman introduced a bill to
day whicti will enable the San Franci3co
Board of Education to lease the Lin col d
School property, on the corner of Market
and Fifth streets, or any other school
property on more advantageous terms
than would be possible under the existing
law. The bill extends the time froni
twenty to fifty years.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
FUNDS FOR THE
STATE PRINTER
Democrats Will Not Eat the
Crow Without Some
Bluster.
Yet the Minority Will Have to
Vote for the New Bills
Introduced.
How the Finances of the Sate Wiil
Benefit Through R cent
Disclosures.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.—Every
body expects a battle royal on the floor of
the Assembly to-morrow over the matter
of the $75,000 appropriation to the State
Printing Office. In this matter the Demo
cratic minority made a serious blunder by
refusing to grant the appropriation, and
when tney tried to introduce two bills for
appropriations aggregating the same sum
they confessed that they had been wrong
from the start, and that all their state
ments as to the printing office not need
ing the amount asked for were unfounded.
They proclaimed with much bluster that
the office did not require that sum of
money; that to grant the appropriation
would be equivalent to throwing it into
the cutter, nnd then when they found that
their opposition would very likely close
the office, and, worse than all, that ter
rible realization of horror that Buccaneer
Johnston had obliged all the minority's
appointees to walk the greased plank into
the briny deep, they were willing to give
the $75,000 for the same period as origin
ally asked for, but they offered to eat the
$75,000 crow in two bites so that they
might not run the risk of choking them
selves.
But even this poor consolation is denied
them, for the Republicans, with Dibble as
steward, have carved the crow and will
serve it cold and clammy to Caminetti
and his colleagues outside the back door
of the banquet hall.
The doors will be thrown open at 11
o'clock and the minority wiil be invited to
take seats at the first table. Caminetti
this morning by way of whetting his
appetite for the indigestible dish, indulged
in a few sarcastic remarks regarding the
affair, and insisted that experts should be
appointed to examine tUe books of the
State Printer and report upon them to the
Assembly.
He hoped that since the bookkeeper of
the btate Printer nnd the State Printer
himself were not able to explain the ac
' counts the expert might be more success
ful. They are in the stocks, and the small
boys of public opinion are pelting them
with rejected eggs, deceased cats, old
shoes and other articles of bric-a-brac.
The best they can do is to call the bad
I boys bed names. They cannot consist
en ly refuse to vote for the appropriation
ol $75,000 divided as it is, for Dibble's bills
are f.ic-similes of those which Caminetti
and Shanahan wanted to introduce. While
it is of no use for them to bray or make
any other kind of characteristic noises
they wiil nevertheless kick up a big dust
to-morrow and the air will be resonant
with the brays of buncombe.
It is likely '.hat the Republicans will
cause an investigation to be made of the
accounts of tne State Printer. Not that
they suspect that everything is not all
right there, but for the purpose of reliev
ing Johnson of the onerous burden of
accusation which he has thus far borne
too patiently and too meekly. They ex
pect, also, tbat the facts to be uncovered
by the investigation will be of great value
to the Legislature and to the people in fix
ing the responsibility for waste and ex
travagance where it rightly belongs.
The discussion lias been productive of
this much good: It has turned the
searchlight upon deficiencies in State in
stitutions and has turned the legislative
mind to the consideration of proper pre
ventives for these financial ratholes. As
a consequence, two bills are now before
the Assembly Committee on Retrench
ment and they will be reported favorably.
The first of these is 834, by Anderson.
It provides that no board, department,
commission or institution which does not
maintain or support inmates shall be al
lowed to create any deficiency.
The second bill will be presented In the
Assembly to-morrow by Melick. It was
drafted by John C. Wray, clerk of the
committee. It is designed to prevent
embezzlements and defalcations such as
have been reported from several State
institution!, and which are made possible
by the large contingent funds which are
not under supervision of the Controller or
of the State Board of Examiners. In
some of those institutions this orphaned
contingent fund ranges from $10,000 to
$30,000.
The bill provides that all moneys be
longing to the State, received by any
source whatsoever by the board of trus
j tees or board of directors, as the case may
I be, or by any officer authorized by law to
receive the same of any of the State asy
lums ior insane, feeble-minded children,
and deaf, dumb and blind, of any reform
school or normal school, and of any
State institution for the care, training, or
correction and education of persons other
than the State prisons, shall render to the
Controller at the close of each month, in ;
in such form as the Controller may pre
scribe, a sworn statement of the
money received during the month
and at the same time, on the order of the
Controller, pay the same into the state
Treasury. This money shall be paid out
after approval by the State Board of Ex
aminers. The contingent fund of all
these institutions .shall be handed over to
the Controller immediately after the act
goes into effect.
Turning to another, a loftier, aye, a
holier subject, it may be truthfully said
that the morals of the people of the State
] could not be placed in the hands of a coni
} inittee more qualified by nature, training
I and disposition than tfce Assembly Cora
j mitteeon Public Morals. Bettman of San
Francisco is chairman, and, while he has
not yet taken noly orders, his piety — of
the early kind — blazes from his scarlet
necktie and throws a rich sunset glare
upon the rest of the committee. Then
there is Power of San Francisco,
auburn-haired and ascetic; Kyan of
San Francisco, wno knows no evil;
Allen of San Francisco, born without
original sin ; Goff of San Bernardino, a gay
captain in tne army of the N. G. C. ; Har
ris of Los Alamos, who never "went i
down the line" in his life, and Cutter of
Marysville, who lacks nothing save the
miter and the shepherd's crook. They
held a meeting to-night in the Assembly
j Chamber, and exhibted a knowledge of
poolroom;, bunko games, book-making
and bucket-snops that was truly annzing,
and would lead the spectator to believe
that in the dim and foregone past they
had been sinners themselves and had re
formed.
It was a wonderful, a blessed spectacle
indeed when Emmons of Kern appeared
before them, and urged the committee to
report favorably unon his bill for the sup
pression of bucketshops and pretended
speculation In grain on margin. His face
suffused with righteous indignation when
Bettman spoke and he thundered : "When
the gentleman says there is no opposition
to his bill he is mistaken, for tome of the
bestjeople in San Francisco have been
before tue Senate committee protesting
againstit. Who were they? Sir? They
were Mr. Taylor, late Republican candi
date for Mayor of San Francisco, Mr. Lau
meister, also late candidate for Mayor of
San Francisco, sir. Mr. Geberding, sir,
and Mr. Friedlander, sir. That's the kind
of people who were against the bill, but
perhaps you did not know that tney were
in town." They are going to appear before
this committee, sir, and then we will con
sider the bills."
Emmons, considerably taken aback, was
bold enough to inquire what objections
had been urged against nis bill by the dis
tinguished gentlemen who had addressed
the Senate committee.
"Because," replied Bettman. "they said
it interfered with their business."
Emmons announced tnat he had re
quested Adolph fcfpreckel3 and Sam Leake
to appear before the committee next
Thursday night to show cause why his
bill to restrict horse-racing should uot be
reported favorably.
tf'he committee decided to report favora
bly upon tiie bill to prevent the compress
ing or bandaging of the feet of infants as
is done by the Chinese. Also upon the
bill to give more power to the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
CAMI'-JCfTJ ItEXOUXCED.
By His Utterance* lie la an Enemy of
Labor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.— At a
meeting of the Sacramento Council of
Federated Trades held here this evening
the following resolutions ■ were . unani
mously adopted:
Wherea?, a mass-meeting of organised labor
was held In the city of Sacramento on the 10th
day of February, 1897, under the auspices of
this federation, to protest against the fiction
oi Governor James ri. Budd in vetoing the bill
for the relief of the State Printing Office, and
against bis demand expressed in the message
accompanying said veto mat the work
there performed should In future be "let
our by contract to the lowest bidder"; and
whereas, on the following day, to wit, on the
11th day of February, 1897, on the floor of the
Assembly of the legislature of California one
A. Caminetti, an Assemblyman from the
county of Amador, in discussing said veto
message, took occasion to violently denounce
said labor mass-meeting ana those participat
ing therein and to venemently refer to the
efforts oi wage-earners to protect themselves
against their enemies as the ''tyranny of la
bor"; therefore,
■ Resolved, By the Council of Federated Trades
of me cltv of Sacramento, that taid denuncia
tion on the part of said Caminetti; that the
slur c st upon this federation and upon organ
ized labor generally by said Caminetti, be
taken official notice of by this federation and
that the same be made a matter of record In
the archives thereof.
Resolved, That said Caminetti by his action
in the legislature, and by bis intemperate ref
erence to trades unionism as a "tyranny" has
clearly shown himself to be an enemy of labcr,
and he is hereby declared so to be.
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
furnished, under seal, to sister federations and
to labor organizations generally throughout
the .State for their information and future
guidance, and also to the press.
llomntt'/t Suffrage Savored.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.— The
Assembly committee on judiciaty to-night
decided to report favorably on the woman
suffrage amendment and the Torrens land
transfer bill.
TARGET PRACTICE OF A FLEET.
Admiral Bunce's Ships Fire Their Big
Guns and Charleston Is Shaken
by the Concussion.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 15.— The
feature of the day in the blockading of
the port of Charleston by Admiral Bunce's
flefit consisted of some heavy gun practice
oy the entire squadron.
Shortly after 1 o'clock the ships moved
into thefr blockadina positions, and, put
ting out floating targets nt distances rang
ing from 40U to 1000 yards, began to get
their main batteries into action. The
line of action was the same as that which
tbe fleet has observed during other block
ade work, the Massachusetts to the north
and the Maine, Amphitrite, Indiana and
Columbia running away to tbe southward
a distance of 3000 yards apart.
The tareets used were the ordinary
floating triangles of seven feet to the side.
The practice began at 1:15 in ti.e after
noon and continued without interruption
until 3:30 p m. The main batteries of the
ships are Massachusetts, four 13-inch,
eight 8-inch and four 0-inch guns; the
Maine four 10-inch and six 8-inch gu:i-;
the Amphitrite four 8-inch and four
5-inch rapid-fire guns; the New York six
8-inch and twelve 4-inch rapid-tiro guns;
the Indiana four 13-inch, eight 8-inch and
four 0-inch guns, and the Columbia one
8-inch, two 6-inch and eight 4-inch rapid
lire guns.
The guns on the individual ships were
in action one ;»t a time and while the ships
were anchored. Once the Massachusetts
fired her 13-inch gun at intervals of two
minutes and at one time the battle-ship
Maine got under way and fired several
shots at her target.
The guns were loaded with service cart
ridges, and shells were the main projec
tiles used. The booming of the guns
reverberated for several, mile* along the
coast, and in the city the concussion could
not only be heard but felt distinctly.
The shooting was nearly all line shoot
ing, and while the range of the targets
was not got with accuracy the practice
was apparently successful. Many of the
projectiles struck short of the target and
plunged Into the ocean.
The Vesuvius left tlie harbor this morn
ing at 10 o'clock and rejoined the fleet.
Later in the day she returned to port
again and remained for a few hours. The
Marblehead sailed for Mayport, on the
Florida coast, shortly before 4 o'clock this
afternoon.
The Terror, Puritan and other ships,
possibly, are expected to join the fleet
to-nicht or to-morrow. Tuesday morning
the Maine will go to Port Royal to be
coaled.
The fleet remained quietly anchored
to-night in the position it occupied during
the gun practice. No maneuvers of any
kind were attempted. It was a night off
after the lively work of the men in the
turrets.
DRAMATIC IHiVRLE SUICIDE.
loung Couple Itrirrn to Their Ileaih by
the Wife.'* I'nmily.
CHATTANOOGA, hn., Feb. 15.— A
double suicide came to light in Hawkins
County, Term., to-day by the finding of
the bodies of Miller Ripley, aged 25. and
his young wife. The couple had been
missing since Saturday night, when it ap
pears that they burned the residence of
Henry Sutherland, a brother of Mrs. Rip
ley. From her brother's home they went
to the Holston River and drowned them
selves. A note found in Ripley's coat
pocket requested that the bodies be buried
in the «ame coffin. The request will be
complied with. The cause of their act is
supposed to have been ill-feeling between
Ripley and the Sutherland family. Rip
ley was hichly connected. They had
only been married a few days. Two vials
of laudanum were found near them, and
they had cut the bell-rope from the
church for the purpose of tying them
selves together.
Senator George Removed to III* Horn*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.—
Senator George of Mississippi, who bas
been ill at the Garfield Hospital here for
some weeks, has recovered sufficiently to
be removed to his Southern home at
VVinona, Miss.
Oitrander'* Xominatio* Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 15.— The
benate to-day confirmed the nomination
of John Y. Ostrander to be Commissioner
in and for the District of Alaska, to reside
at Juneau
DIED FAITHFUL
TO HIS SLAYERS
Portland Citizen Killed Be
cause He Knew of
a Murder.
Kept H s Pledge to Remain
Silent, But His Life Was
Taken.
Evidence That Frank Nagle Was Not
the Victim of a Railway
Accident
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 15.— Despite the
Coroner's jury verdict of "death by acci
dent" a singular mystery envelops the
death of Frank Nagle, the shoemaker,
killed here last night by a railway
train. Had the jurors noted the ab
sence of any mutilation of Nagle's
body beyond the crushing ol the
head; had they dwelt upon
the absence of wounds on Naeie's body,
beyond a slight aorasion of the skin on
the right side, and had they but had as
witnesses before them the men of Port
land, well-known citizens and clergymen,
who knew the avenging spirit that had
been following Nagle foryears.the verdict
of the jury miglit have been different.
Nagle was a doomed man. It was neces
sary that his tongue be silenced.
About three years ago Nagle went to
Matt FoelJer, the Chamber of Commerce
tobacconiut, telling him that the night
before he had heard some men talking in
front of his shop. Being up at the time, f
through curiosity, the shoemaker had, He
said, made his way to the front and
listened. The details of a horrible mur
der were brought to his ears.
In his trembling haste to get away from
the murderers he overtipped a small work
seat, which be bad been accustomed to
use. The noise of the falling bench and
tools caught the ears of the murderers on
the outside. In an instant the front door
of the cobbler's shop was broken in and
the three men who had been conversing
rushed in.
Nagle was too quick. As the murdering
gang tripped over the tool-strewed floor
of the sli on he made a plunge through
a rear window and escaped in the dark
ness. That night he slept at the house of
a friend, saying nothing as to the cause of
his unusual visit.
Na?!e returned to his Water-street shop
next day, and as soon as he commenced
the straightening up of the disordered
place three men entered. What passed
Detween the shoemaker and his visitors
only Nagle and his confessor know.
From that day to the day of his death —
yesterday — Nagle had been in constant
fear of murder. He moved from the shop
on Water street to a new location at 601
Johnson street, but this gave him no
sense of security.
"Don't wonder," he would say, "if some
morning you find me dead in some out
of-the-way corner with a bullet-hole
through my head or read of my mangled
body being found strewn along a railroad
track. So help me God, as the priest will
tell you, I've kept my word with these
men as to secrecy concerning what I over
heard, but tnev keeD haunting me until it
seems at times as thouen my mind would
give way. I have no rest."
"It seems to nave transpired about as
poor Nagle expected," said Mr. Foeller,
speaking of the shoemaker's death this
alternoon. "To say that he was carried
by the engine and beneath the pony-trucks
lor seventy-five yards seems out of the
question, when the slight mutilation of the
body, beyond the fearful crushing of the
head, is taken into consideration. Not a
bruise appears, aside from a mere scraping
of the skin on the rieht thigh, which
might result from any fall. Remember,
it was dark, and the first that Engineer
Rhodes saw of the dead man was when he
was struck by the pilot.
"The result of that shock was but the
crushing of the upper portion of Nagle's
skull. All the other parts of the dead
man's body are uninjured."
Detectives believe that the murder Nagle
had reference to was that of George W.
Sayres, for which "Bunco" Kelly is serv
ing a life sentence.
SMITH WINS AT SANTA ROSA.
Decision Rendered in a San Francisco
and North Pacific Rail
road Cas9.
SANTA ROSA, Cat,., Feb. 15.— An im
portant decision was rendered by Judge
Dougherty to-day In the case of Sidney V.
Smith vs. Andrew Markham. Smith al
leged in iiis complaint that on the 24th
day of February, 1893, he, Andrew Mark
ham and A. W. Foster agreed to purchase
from the erecutors of the Donahue estate
5000 shares of the stock of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad, and
agree to pay at the rate of $20 25 a share
upon delivery. The executors tendered
and offered to deliver the stock on May
14, 1896, but M»rkham refused to join with
Smith and Foster and fulfill the contract.
The action was brought to compel Mark
ham to take his share of the purchased
stock.
Defendant demurred to the complaint
on the grounds that the contract was void
under section 20 of the State constitution,
which declared void all contracts for the
future delivery of corporate stock on mar
cin«. The decision of to-day overrules the
demurrer, and says that "the contract un
der consideration was not for the stock of
the North Pacific Railway on margin, nor
upon option. It was no deal in future?,
but a purely legitimate business transac
tion," and that ''it was not thf> intention
of the powers of the law to void contracts
of this nature."
BTOCKTOX hUUEt I.OSVRE SV IT.
Holders of a Mortnnne Srelcinj to Be
cnvrr $350,000.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. —One of the
biggest suits ever brought in the San
Joaquin courts was filed to-day by Gunni
son, Booth & Bartnett, San Francisco at
torneys for -the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company of that city, as
trustees for the bondnolders of the Stanis
laus and San Jooquin Canal and Irrigation
Company. The suit was brought to fore
close a mortgage of 350,000 on the property
of the canal company. Only $100,000 of
the bonds were issued, and . interest
on these has not yet been paid, hence the
suit.
. ■ . . ♦ ,--■'-.
the Deadlock nt Salem.
SALEM, Or., Feb. 15.— The presiding
officer, after calling the House to order
to-day, stated that he bad three letters
from members who were siclc and unable
to attend. There were only eight Sena
tors ana twenty-three House members
present, thirty-one in all. The Mitchel'
ites were not ready for their bie "push"
to-day, but great "preparations are being;
made for to-morrow. Other reports say
that the stayouts will come in and mate
permanent organization and go on with
legislation. If nothing is done to-morrow
nothing is likely to be done this year.
KILLED NEAR BAKERSFIELD.
Albert Ccoper of Kern Accidentally Shot
While Hunting With Two
Companions.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Feb. 15.— Albert
Cooper, an 18-year-old son of Engineer
George Cooper of Kern, was accidentally
shot and killed yesterday afternoon fif
teen miles ont on the Asphalto spur of
the Southern Pacific.
Cooper and two companions had gone
thither in the morning on a handcar to
spend the day in shooting small game.
On their way back they stopped to get
some water. Cooper and one of his com
panions returned first to the conveyance
and took their^seats. As the xecond one
came up he attempted to place a dog on
the car. The animal stepped on the guns
that were lyinc on the bottom of the car,
causing one to explode. Trie contents
took effect in the great artery of the
right side of Cooper's abdomen, causing
denth within fifteen minutes.
Young Cooper was an employe of the
Southern Pacific, and, in consequence, a
special train was sent out to bring his body
into town. Hi 1 - father is one of the old
time Southern Pacific engineers.
Britiih Tar* to Land at San Diego.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 15.— 1n accord
ance with information received from Lieu
tenant Commander lnpersoll, U. S. N.,
and other cllicer?, Mayor Carlson this af
ternoon telegraphed to Secretary of the
Navy Herbert, asking for special per
mission to allow the crew of the British
gunboat Comus to inarch as an armed
force in the b;g military and naval parade
NEW TO-DAY.
TEA,
COFFEE
AND
SPICE buyers
GIVEN FREE
THIS WEEK
Extra Big Presents
WITH EH cHASE WIT "l,00 PURCHASE
iB I : COFFEES, i COFFEES,
w^r spices, A spices,
FRFF An y° Following rnrr Any of Following
1 I\l_L Articles: I IILL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor.
1 Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
1 Oyster Bowl, Decorated. 1 Rose Bowl, Fancy.
1 Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets.
1 Pitcher, Majolica. 1 Cake Stand, on Foot.
1 Berry Dish. 1 Butter Dish, Large.
1 Butter Dish. . i Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
1 Oat Meal Set. . . i Candy or Nut Dish.
1 Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
1 Cream Pitcher, Fancy. I Celery Stand.
1 Bohemian Flower Holder. 1 Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
1 China Preserve Dish. 1 Bohemian Fern Vase.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer. • 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. , 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
1 Spoon Holder. i Cake Plate, Fancy.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl. . 1 Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. ( 1 Fancy Shaving Mug.
1 Colored Vase. 1 Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated,
1 Yellow Baking Dish. 1 Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed. '.:
1 Rose Bowl. ' 1 Water Pitcher.
1 Preserve Bowl. i Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. 1 Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. i Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated. ■
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. 1 Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. 1 Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. i Sugar Bowl.
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
1 Frying Pan. 1 Berry Set.
1 Flour Sifter. . , 1 Sugar Sifter.
1 Roast Pan. '-> i Pudding Set, 2 Pieces.
1 Dairy Pan. 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer. ,
i. Bread Pan. 1 Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. 6 Table Knives.
1 Wash. Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks.
1 Coffee Pot. i .Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - -15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - - 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers .... .BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS. \
OPERATING
100 stores
Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND :
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington Street.
140 Sixth Street. ' 2008 RHmore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway. .
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street. ALAMEDA:
333 Hayes Street. ' 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park Street.
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
i *'•'.' '■ ■ ' ' ■ "-■ ■ ■ .'--:;■.■.■ ""nulliPir'Ttir rTirnrinTiii imniU'i
during the water carnival here on the
22d. This is tue first time in several years
that sucb permission has been requested,
but the officers and men are very anxious
to march.
HAPPY VALLEY INCENDIARISM.
Trial of John T. Smith on a Charge of
Attempting to Destroy the Duke
Residence.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Feb. 15.— The
trial of John T. Smith, who is charged
with setting fire to the residence of W. H.
Duke in Happy Valley last spring, was
begun in the Superior Court to-day.
Smith was employed as a farmhand by
Duke, and the night before the fire warned
Duke's family that enemies were prowling
about with evil intentions. The tire was
started in the gable of the house, just
under the roof, and within easy reach of
the window of Smith's bedroom.
The end of the house had been covered
with coal oil. Smith was at the barn
when the flames were discovered, He de
clared that he saw a stranger prowling
around and followed him with a gun. He
was joined on the road by neighbors, who
were induced to help him hunt the sup
posed firebug.
The position of the fire, which was, of
course, extinguished, and the accuracy of
Smith's description of the alleged firebug,
led to tue arrest of Smith. At the pre
liminary hearing before Justice Gardiner
Smith was held to appear belore the Su
perior Court.
Elk River linby Burned to Heath.
EUREKA, Cal., Feb. 15.— Lulu Chris
tie, the two-year-old daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Christie, was burned to
death Saturday at the home of her parents
at Elk River. Tee little girl was playing
alone, when her mother heard screams.
She ran to the child and found its cloth
ing in flames. She tore the clothes from
the little one's body, but relief came too
late, and the child died a fow hours later.
34
ALL CLOVERDALE
WORKS IN UNISON
Each Resident Assisting
the Managers of the .
Citrus Fair.
Vast Array of Golden Fruit to
Delight the Eyes of the
Visitors.
Directors Given Enthusiastic Aid by
Sonoma County's Fair
Women.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 15.— These
are busy times in the Citrus Fair building.
The many exhibits and b.oths are, by the
work of willing minds ondi dexterous
bands, rapidly assuming shape and
beauty. It is encouraging to note the un
selfish interest shown by the ladies of
Clovardale. Mrs. P. K. JMerritt is in
charge of a display by the Citrus Fair As
sociation. The exhibit will carry nut the
idea of the "Old Oaken Bucket" and will
be one of the most striking features of
the fair.
Preston, a beautiful village on the out
skirts of Cloverdale, where men of means
have dotted the hillsides with elegant res
idences and orange groves, has caught the
fair fever and is constructing an exhibit
which will conclusively prove that the
foothills of California are far richer than
has been generally supposed.
The wine exhibits have prominent space
and will make a magnificent showing.
Not too much credit can be given to the
directors of the association, who have de
voted much time to make the fair a suc
cess. Caotain John Field, president, capi
talist, politician; ami always prominent in
the welfare of Sonoma County, has « large
space and is going to excel all former dis
plays. He Las an orange grove and is a
prize-winner. M. Menihan, proprietor or
the United State* Hotel and who owns
more town lots in Sonoma County titan
the most enthusiastic boomer within its
boundaries, has a splendid orange grove,
and will make a large display or the
golden fruit. Then there is the rustler
and electrician, F. Albertz, who though
only a recent resident ot this county, is
one o; its most enterprising citizens. " 11..'
is proprietor of [tie Mouiton srinerv and
president of the Cloverdale Electric Li ht
Company.
A force of men is at work night and
day on Mr. Alberts' exhibit, and it gives
promise of being the larze.it in the build
ing. Director F. W. Bru-h. although
on.v a young nan, has established a rep
utation as an organizer and worker. Mr.
Brush is senior member of Bnub. Wil
liams & Domine, and is managing a large
di.«pla\' of oranges for this ri:m. Director
C. E. Humbert, president of the Riverside
Water Company, is a leading lac or in the
association, and has done much to ad
vance the interests of the fair. 1". K.
Merritt, chairman of the press committee,
is a "wheel horse" in the management
and will present a large orange exhibit.
Postmaster A. F. i>oruine is the secretary,
young and willing to take hold of any en
terprise which benefits the community.
Among the ladies who are enthusiatic
ally giving every assistance are the foi.ir.v
ing, in charge of booths: Art— Mrs. P. li.
Ludwig, Miss Millie Hagm.iyer and Mis*
Lena Brush;, confectionery— Mrs. : J. K.
Vassar and Miss May Dobbins; orange?—
Mrs C. K. Humbert and Mrs. 11. M. Whit
ney; icecream— Mrs. T. B. Wi.son and
Mrs. L. A. Domine. a. 11. Sample will
manage the refreshment booth.
Wednesday is the opening day, Thurs
day. Sonoma County day; Friday, Men
dociny a"d Lake County day and Satur
day San Francisco -lay. For all of these
attractive entertainments are arranged
and cheap excursions on the ruilroads
give assurances ot a large attendance.
SAM RAFAEL LiTIGATION.
Heirs of the Late Obd/ah Livirmore
Find That Their Estate Is in
Dbt to the Executor.
SAN RAFAEL,, C\i.., Feb. 15.-A curi
ous case came up In the Superior Court
to- lay. Ii was a call for an accounting by
the executor of me estate of Obadiah
Livermore, and was made M the inatanc
of absent heirs. Obadiah Livermore died
in Sausalito about six years ago. He was
a prominent real estate dealer in San
Francisco and a man of liberal mean?. He
bequeathed his property to bis brothers,
Charles Fernando Liverruore of I'tica, N,
V., ana William Stead man Liv-rmore,
and his sisters. Mr?. Mary A. L. King and
Sarah M. Hunj^erforJ. the latter three re
sidine in Unadilla, Mich., one-fourth
to each.^ He appointed George Davidson
ot San Francisco executor, with full power
to (■ell any or all of the property without
order or control of any court. .!'•;
It came out in court that the executor i
tiled an inventory, and from that on to
the present time he has managed the
property to suit himself, but has never
rendered any account. Some months ago
the Eastern heir* began an inquiry.
Judsre Angelotti appointed George W."
Towle attorney lor the absent heirs, and
he brought the cas:: np after correspond
ence with them. Mrs. Hnncerford. one of
the sisters, is living in the Liverraore place
at Sausalito. Mr. Davidson, the executor,
presented an accounting of his transac
tions with the estate, showing an income
of $23,000 and tne money paid out to have
been $16,500. In other "words, the Mt«t«
is indebted to him in the -urn ot $3500.
Some stocks in mining compan en, the
home place in Sausalito, a little jewelry,
a donkey and a cow are all the e*tate, arid
little will remain after the executor is paid
the DNlance due him.
Livermore was a rich man with a fine
bu»iness. After this showing wu« made
in court time was given Attorney Towle to
consult with, the Eastern heirs, the ex
ecutor bein- cautioned by the court not to
sell any more of the property. The hear
ing was continued to March'B.
_
MOTT WILL BE DISINHERITED.
The Ycung £/op?rs Father Warns the
Public That He W.ll Net Meet
Hs Sons Bills. *
LOS ANGELES, Cau, Feb. 15.— 1n the
matter of the elopement and marriage of
younp: Stephen Molt to the pretty an!
aashing Miss Marguerite Hupp, the
parents of the -room, who were laughed
at by their willful son, seem to be having
their inning just now.
Notices in due form of law, signed by
Capitalist Thomas D. Mott Sr., appeared
in the afternoon papers here to-aay, sav
ing tnat "the undersigned would not be
responsible for any debts hereafter con
tracted hv my son, Stephen Mott."'
This will embarrass the young man con
siderably. The careless and seemingly
defiant groom retorts at Has notice by
a^sertin^: that be wants "no credit on pa's
account"; that be has both credit and
property, and is ready and perfectly will
ing to look out for himself.
it is now known that all manner of
pl*as were retorted to by the parent* of
Energetic Promoters of the Clcverdale Citrus Fair.
the young man to break off the match.
but all to no purpose. Tiis young dcoj li>
met several months ago and have been
steadfast ioveri ever since. The young
j man was not at all backward in making it
; kno>vn that be intended to marry the girl
of his choice.
The news reached the ears of Stephen's
mother, who made <erious objections, her
chief rea e o:i beint; that her son was too
young. She was much grieved, and for
b.id>- :he vouns man keeping company !
witli Miss Hu dp.
She admonished him and ttireatened
di-inhernar.ce, it is said, if Stephen car
ried out his threat to marry until he was
older, but her threa's fell pn deaf ear?.
faher states t ;at Stephen has been
treated like a prince at home; that the
young man is headstrong and refused to
listen to reason. Tne old gentleman is
greatly rtispiea^ed and states that he lias
conciu led to disinherit his son and allow
him to go his way.
DEFIES A PASADENA JUDGE.
Aged Mrs. Livingstone in Contempt of
Court tor Refusing to Support
. - , : Mar Husband.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 15.— The
tribulations of the a.ci Livingstone* of
Pasadena seem to be increasing rather
than diminishing.
These troubles had their origin, so far
a3 the genera! public is informed, in an
attempt to have old S. W. Livingstone
sent to an insane asylum. Laser came a
divorce suit, then a suit brought
by the husband for maintenance,
and a decision was rendered in his
favor by Superior Judge" Allen, who con
sidered that the woes of the old people
were largely due to Mrs. Elizabeth Wheel
er. Mrs. Mary A. Livingstone's daughter
by a former marriage.
To-day the case took a new turn with
the tiling of affidavit? in Judce Allan's
court and- a citation of Mr«. Livingstone
to show cause why she should not be
punished for contemn! 01 court.
The Living-tones have a comfortable
home ai Pasadena, but it has proved a
bone of contention to the old couple, who
had lived Happily together for many years
until Mrs. Wheeler came to live with them.
I When the old man brought suit for sepa
rate maintenance last fall Judge McKiniey
was on the bench and issued a restraining
order forbidding Mrs. . Livingstone's dis
posing of the community property, which
consists of lots in Pasadena, until the
further order of the court. Later Judge
Allen ordered Mrs. Livingstone to pay
her aged hu-band $_'■'{ per month, the first
payment la he made on February 8.
In the affidavits riled this afternoon the
husband says that the payment ordered
by the court has not been made. He
I states that he has no money ana Is receiv-
I ing support from the peopie^of Pasadena,
j who give him -mail sums to keep him
; from starving.
But the most serious allegation made by
Mr. Livingstone is that his wife has dis
obeyed the rrJer of the court command
ing her not to dispose of the
property. He alleges that on F«b
ruary 1. after the order directing her
to pay her husband for the necessaries of
life in his old and helpless condition, she
deeded the prop* cov< r.-d by the re
straining order to her daughter, Mrs.
JL'izaretn Wneeler, aid the deed was
i placed on record in t he Recorder's ollicc.
It is lor that the citation referred to has
been issued, and Mrs. Livingstone and
her daughter will have to explain their
proceedings to Judge Allen.
Advnt'irrr Smith Arrttltd.
!.<>S ANGELES. Ca, Feb. 15. — Ad
venturer E. V. Smith, who. it is alleced,
lleeced Widow Stanley of Pearl street out
of $1000, was located in this city yesterday
and arrested this forenoon on a cliarge of
obtaining money under false pr#>tei»«e«>.
He was la;er arraigned b?:ore Justice
Young, who fixed $1000 as the nmount of
his bond, and he will ajtpear on February
19 for his preliminary examination. Smith
gave the security and «ru released irom
custody. He declined to slate the nature
of lii* de;.nv, but asserts that he will
beat tie ca K.
♦
Found T~neon*cious on a Road.
LOS ANGKLEB, Cm.., Feb. 16. —Mrs
Tdomas Baker o.' Los Alami'.os was found
unconscious on the road this afternoon,
having taken an ounce of laudanum.
Doctors believe she will recover. Domestic
troubie led to tne attempted suicide.
Vodjrskn Vut of Hanger.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. Feb. 1 >._Mme.
Modje^ka ■ resting easier to-uay and is
in no immediate danct r.
**• OrrrfOH l'aa»ey foint J.oiurt
SAN DIEGO.- Cat*. Feb. 15.— Captain
Dill, on watca at Point Loma, reports
thai the battle-ship Oregon passed up the
coast yesterday afternoon. She sailed
from Acupaico fifteen days ago.
• ♦
Called to a Lot Unto* Pulpit.
LOS GATOS, au, Feb. 15.— KeT. A. H.
Barnhisel of San Jose bas been selected
pastor of the Presbyterian church o! this
place for the ensuing year.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1597.
GRADERS START
FROM FRESNO
Work Begun on the Valley-
Road Extension to
Kanford.
Four Camps to Be Established
and Construction of the
. ... Line Hastened.
Difficulties Encountered in Clearing
' tin Rights (f Way Through
Vineyards.'
FRESNO, Cai.., February 15.— Grading
on the Valley road south of this city was
begun to-day by Grant B Bo«.,r o«., who have
the contract between Fresno and Han
lord. In the morning a camp of about
fifty men was established at the new
winery two and a half miles booth of the
city, on the Southern Pacific line. By
noon the scraping outfits had been cot
together, and after dinner the work of
grading commenced.
From East avenue the ne*v road runs
alonesiae of the Southern. Pacific for three
mile?. The scrapers began operations on
a sandbank opposite the winery and will
probably have the eat finished to-morrow.
A force of men with shovels and axes be
gan clearing the right-of-way toward the
city of weeds and vines. These men will
be followed by the scrapers. The road
be will be constructed toward this city
first, to the point just this side of Bail's
vineyard, to which the track has already
1 been laid. Then the grading will proceed
south of the cam p. '■
The work of clearing the right of way
from Ball's place to the camp will cost as
much as the grading:. For almost the en
tire distance the land is planted to vines,
and these will have to be grubbed out.
Through the colonies also considerable
additional work will bo entailed' on this
account. The scraping from Ball's yin e
yard to the camp will not amount to
much as the grade of the track is almost
level with the land. Where the Valley
road runs parallel with the Southern Pa
cific the grades of the two tracks are the
same.
Grant Broa. intend to have four camps
of graders at various points along the line
from Fresno to Hanfod. \ The other three
will be established by Wednesday even
ing. Each will have about fifty men.
Abous 500 persons from th city walked
out to the camp yesterday and applied for
work. They were turned away, as the
foreman had as many men as he needed.
Dunne the last few days there has been
an influx of laborers occasioned by the re
port that grading was 10 be resumed.
nn^oiiT »vcc I I l>* xexa a.
Elected Colonel of the .sixth Militln IZtgi
tn*nt.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 13.— Lieutenant-
Colonel B. 8. Wright of this city was to
night elected colonel of the Sixth Regi
i ment, N. G. C, at a meeting ol the officers
!of ti.e regiment. Colonel Wright suc
ceeds Colonel J. J. Neman of Stockton,
i who recently resigned, after having held
lIM position since December 13, 1- •_'.
Major Colin Cbisholm, also ot this city,
was elected to the lieutenant-colonelcy,
, and the vacancy in the majorship caused
by bis promotion was filled oy the election
of Captain R. K. Wtiitraore of Modesto.
All three were elected' without opposi
tion.
The new colonel has been connected
with the National Guaid since IMS, being
one ot the charter members of Company
C of tbU city.
Co'.onel Nunan was presented with a
handsome siiver set from the officers. The '
meeting was followed by a banquet at the
City Bakery. . '
fr*»n» Comst«blr* t>r,nand High >e«».
FRESNO. Cal., Feb. 15.— The constables '■
I of Fresno County neld a meeting in this
i city to-day to consider the ad- '
i visability of commencing suit in
i an attempt to compel tne county to pay
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
them fees according to the schedule of
the act of 1893. The recent Supreme
Court decision, a* interpreted by the
District Attorney, applies only to lie in
crease of th«» limit of fees allowed con
stables from $1000 to $1500 a year.
The District Attorney advises the Board
of Supervisors that the constables must
earn ti.o $1500 accord ing to the rntins of
fees of the act of 1895. which is consider
aby less than that ol the law .if 1893. The
constables will in all probability institute
the suit.
♦ ', —
Drummer Stirling Jtohbrd.
FRESNO. Cal., Feb. lo — O. R. Sterling.
a traveling b:cycle salesman for Baker &
Hamilton of San Francisco, was robbed oi
two $r>o drafts at the Tuchydrome a few
days ajjo. Ho wa< exhibiting his wh«el
on the track and had laid his coat as de.
The drafts were in the inside i>ocket, ana
whi.'e the agent was at another part of the
track, some one went through his pockets
and stole them. There is no clew to the
I hief.
FATAL FALL HEAR UNION.
Nathaniel J. Names, a Wealthy Santa
Clara County Orcfiardist, Drops
From a Window.
SAN JOSE, C.v., Feb. 15.— Nathaniel J.
Haines, a prominent and wealthy orchard
lat of this county, (ell from a window at
his home near Union, at 11:30 o'clock this
morning and was instantly killed. He
was directing the work of some painters
at the time of the accident, and fell a
distance of thirty feet.
Mr. Haines was one of the most progres
sive citizens of the valley and took great
interest in everything tending to advance
Santa Clara County. He had a fine or
chard home in Union district, near the
, Los Gatos and ilmaden road. He was a
native of Falmouth County, Massachu-
Mils, and 43 years of age. He came to
this country with his parents in 1861. He
wes an enthusiastic horticulturist and
viticulturist, and a member of the State
and County Agricultural and VJticultural
societies. He was closely identified with
San .lose Grange and was a member of the
Board of Trade. . : J. li JL;
Mr. Haines was a stanch Republican
and an active worker in all of the party's
conventions. He was unmarried.
> oung Iltitre* in Court.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. li — George
Tiegler and .r"red John Bailey, tne younp
tliieves who have been robbing vacant
houses cf the lead pipe used in plumbing,
w»rre arraigned before Justice tiass this
morning on a chaige of burglary. Tneir
txamination was set for Feoruary 17. Bill
was fixed at &XX) each. A laige number of
kimilar tuefi* tiave been reported lately.
The value of tne booty obtained in each
case is small, but the amount of damage
dona in tearing nnray tlie lead pipe
amounts to considerable.
Joirvit O. .>ir<ttton Veatl.
SAN JOSK. Cal., Feb. i;»— Joseph O.
Stratton, a pioneer resident of tnis county,
died at his home in tv« Willows to-day
after a lingering iilntas. Stratton wns
well known tliroagliout the county, and
for a number of years conducted a aaloon
in this city. Her was tv> y»ars of age and a
native of Massachusetts. A widow sur
vives him.
ilnoming I t. >•-, Km' « .i>irfi>*<iry
SAN JoSE, Cai... Feb. 13.— The Pjcifio
Coast Travelers' Association is taking an
I interest in securing lue appointment of
I Cat. J. Eubanks, president of Mie assoc;a
--; Uon, as Collector of Port of San 1 ian-
I cisco, and a petition is being circulated
among the business men of the coast ask
j ing Pre«ident-e!ect McKiniey 10 make the
' appointment. The pciitiou was circu
lated in San Jose to-u»y.
Shipment* From Smn Jo%*.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. IJ.—The Eastern
overland shipments for the past week
amounted to k-l.tj-M pounds, divided as
follows: Canned goods, 120, 7 M; dried
nrune*, 301,75*); dried peaches. 3.';W; wine,
LtiT.GlO; garden seed, 4440; leatner, 357U;
*004, J0,6o0; beans, 104,100; asphalium.
96.1U0.
■"antn Clara* l>end Interred.
■AH JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.-Th« funeral
of Key. Benedict Piccardi, S. J., of the
Santa Clara College, who died Saturday
afternoon, was held lroni Saintc Clare's
Church a: Santa Clara to-day.
Konnrr to Tnlft at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb
15.— John Bonner of S«n Francisco will
de:iver the rejtular Tuesday erening lec
ture under the |auspices cf the Stanford
Pre«s Club. The subject of bia lecture,
'•My Reminiscences," w 11 include anec
dotes of iaraous men wiiom Mr. Bonner
nas mat during hit journalistic career.
STOLE THE RIFLES
OF HIS CAPTORS
Arizona Trailers Cleverly
Tricked by an Outlaw
Prisoner.
Indian Scouts Who Come Up:m
Him Suffer the Loss of
Their Weapons.
One cf the N?lson Train-Rcbb:rs Ac.
qu res a Plent fu Supp y
of Arms.
KI>~G>fAN, Ariz., Feb. 15.-After hav
ing one ol the robbers who assisted in the
Santa Fe train hold-up of last Tuesday
within its grasp the pos?e in bis pursuit
was cleverly outwitted and permitted th«
captive to escape. Sheriffs Cameron and
Ruffuer followed the trail to the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado. When close
upon their man this morning the
Sheriffs sent one man ahead with
Indian trailers while they rested. The
trailer* found the robber asleep by
his tire, and covering him wiih their rifles
they captured him. The white man with
the trailers was Rogers. lie to!d the In
dians to gather wood to make coffee and
to stack their weapons.
While the Indians were gathering wood
the robber jumped for their rifles, broke
one over a lop, threw one into the river
and kept two otherß with ail the ammnni
tion. Then he ordered the Indians to
"git," which they lost no time in doing.
It is supposed Rogers stood in with the
robber, as he is a cowboy of unsavory
lame.
The whole rosse then abandoned the
chase and returned to the railroad.
Sheriff Potts of Mojave County left the
false trail of the fugitive, south of the
raiiroad, and camped at Milk Springs in
the Music Mountain*, abovit twenty miles
from where the bandit was last seen.
Under Sheriff Smith, at Kingman, sent
a courier to him this morning, and the
party again ttok up the trail of the fugi
tive. Sheriff Potts and Dusse are deter
mined and brave men, who will take the
man or kill him if he is found.
bholto Itniujlnt nt tancouter.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 15.—Sholto
Douglas and hi.\ wife are being well re
ceived by Vancouver society and are iead
me every-day lives of prosaic respecta
bility. Douglas expresses himself as
pleased at ihe way the British Columbia
press has toft him alone, as he was tired
of the publicly given him in San Fran
cisco. His father, the Marquis of Queans*
berry, is a large land and property owner
in Vancouver —and Lord Sholto is kept
fairly busy looking after his interests
here.
Men in J'ari; Jinilrnad Accident.
MENLO PARK, Cal., Feb. 15.— Mrs.
Theresa*'Xray of Pleaaanton, who has been
visiting relatives bere, was run down by
the noon train from San Francisco to-day
and received serious injuries. It is not
known how baiily she is hurt, though it is
believed she will recover.
Mm in I'ark'M Mete Conrtnt.
MENLO PARK, Cal., Feb. 15.— Ground
was broten to-day for the Sacred Heart
Convent, which is to be completed in one
year. The contracts amount to $30,000,
and were ler in San Francisco last week.
The building is to be two «torif« high, and
when finished will cost $.50,000.
Hound taltn, UotnleiHo IHMehirjtd.
UKIAH. Cal. Feb. 15.- Eichard Bell,
who on February 8 shot and killed
Thomas Steele, a half-breed, in Round
Valloy, has been discharged by a Justice
of the Peace; the latter holding that the
shooting was in self-defense.
Hut Drowned Sear Seattle.
SEATTLE. W'A'ii , Feb. 15.— The body
of A. J. Hoffman, formerly of San Fran
cisco, drowned wiih Peter EnzJish sev
eral weeks ago while rowing across Sal
mon Bay with a junk which they Lad
stolen, was recovered to-day.
MR. FRANCISCO GARCIA.
TTESTt'RA (CAL.). MR. GARCIA IS ONE OF
" the finest looking men within a day* walk
of Ventura. Ho i» able to hold own with
all the young men ot this place. When I«m
introduced to him I remarked his strentth,
and he told me it wti only a while ago when
he was oct of sorts, all run down, no appetite
and troubei with sleeplesmess. lie was ad-
vised to and aid use Joy's Vegetable Earsapa.
rilla. He told me exactly what hundreds have
before said. He «oon beean to sleep at night,
his bowels b«came regular, his appetite re-
turned, and he was enabled to do a good day's
work, eat a lair share of lood and sleep bis
allotted hours. Now ha weighs 180 pounds,
ana la all his movements allow-; tno perfectly
healthy man. Speaking of Joy's Vegetable
Sarfaparllla, he said: -I did not us« the
remedy until I had been advUed to do so, and
then I aid not put much faith in it, but now I
can lately say that Joy.. Vegetable S»rs»pe-
rllla is a great remedy, and !h»t it clarities the
blood, lf»r:ng no bed effect* on the entire
body. 1 n.«v«r had a sing o pimple or blemish
on my face; I never had ihe least disagreeable
feeling while I used Joy's .Vegetable Sar-»p«-
-riliB. Of course I was not a sick man, yet 1
felt out of sorts and was beginning to Jose
flush. Yes, I do tecommen ! JoyS Vegetob c
{jarsaparllla." HKNRYTILLMIN.
No druggist. owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Bars»paril!». Any druggist claiming
to pay its adrertiainp bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug cleric talK you into
buying somottiing else for Joy's Vegetabio
! Sarsaparilla. « He laughs at you when
i you leave the corner store with a aubtti*
tnte. Watch htm. . -.y.v.:,-:"
RATLROAT) TKATR2
THE 111 FRIIfiStO Sil JUAQDIJ
♦ V4LLEI M\im\ COSPAST.
»««_athboun<t Btation». Xorthboand.
$:Z}> a v Siocktoa .:..6:<of. v. .
»*•*-*• MerceJ 3:14 r m.
1110*. Fresno 1:10 f M
For lm<»rrn<s!l»ie scsiioasiee Utn«-tab;» ■
CoanectlDK lUtambOktf of ib« C X. A L Ca
le»ro wsluacitc« »ad btocktoa itti m. 4»ii».
JfEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
Iff •■■ " * il«
i SOME GREAT BARGAINS I
!■'}■ WE'LL BRING YOU IN TO-DAY, SURE! J
Such prices as these cannot be resisted. They'll hold If
jI - I good all day or as much of it as they last, and any that are |
left go back to their regular selling prices at closing time. S? ;
|j|| DON'T MISS THIS 03E1ua.»r0353. '
iff IPii V LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. ] '
■fr : Bf jß|r^ Last season such values would have set people J! z
l<i Jbb caS^^hb*. wild ; they'd have thought we were going to fail. *F
0 £b5/ Truth is, it can't be fully understood now. The it j^
0 HiM 9Bfl high grade of the celebrated "Griffon" and "Stan- A
V M *9&kd%:i!r ' e V'" Shirt Waists at 75c apiece. Elegant Dimi- V
Q BBS yßmm ties, Lawns, Percales, Madras, Zephyrs, in the O
A righest and most elaborate patterns. Bargains at (S
V CENTS $1.50 and $1.25 apiece. X
1 S^^^b CHILDREN'S SWEATERS. 6
x KS Mf mI The celebrated "Rugby" make, regulation style 0
O - ip an<^ sna P e > with high turn-over collars, trimmed (*)
A ■'-" withcoloredsilkstitchings:theyare made or heavy X
V iH j*fl washable ecru colored cotton yarns and come in V
1 I^S 9 t^J9 a sizes from 26 to 34. The most comfortable, V
0 8888 l TQdaijfflr economical and sensible garment a child can 6
A CENTS wear. -.--*■', A
9 ■■ iPEL I SILK STRIPED ZEPHYRS. ' V )
A SHIBH I The greatest bargain of the day ; regular 25c X *
V W. " Jb&t 0* goods, but on sale to-day at half price for a V
A HI jlflrfvla "flyer." Striped and checked designs on black, *?
5 mBB&B bS9B£H Lm. tan ' gray, pink, light blue, lavender and navy t
V ™ mLm ■ mrwi " rfmi grounds, all beautifully striped with silk in con? V
O CENTS. trasting shades. 0
a DOWNALINE COMFORTERS. $
V w^ Jfffl MEfyJ^ Full double-bed size, made of fancy figured and Q
V TJP"fffmj WfEr^ifii flowered silkalines, and lined with dainty plain Q
0 BL M^EOL colored silkaline, filled with the purest white soft Q
A vß&Sssily corded downaline cotton and tufted with wool A
I V \ißßßar y£Em£r zephyrs. You've never bought them under $1.50 Jk
t V CENTS apiece, if at that. V
X 00 LADIES ' WRAPPERS. A
X%s I U U Made of dark colored fleeced-back twills and O
X I — — velvet faced flannelette, in stripes and flowered 0
V M designs ; some have fancy ruffled collars ; full V
t«a 8988 fronts', Watteau backs and fitted linings at waist; 0
[ BACH a . U sizes U P t0 44. V
f f imk jfm DRESDEN HANDLE | ;
1 umb^ ellas - if
I t^^^^^ Ladies' sizes, suitable for sun or rain umbrellas, 1 «
111 " I a . steel paragon frames, covered with half silk twill ('f
' ' «nP aro ' a c ' otn » natural wood sticks, mounted with U
|, pj • \^gfiyy painted Dresden handles in knobs, balls and H f
11 CENTS crooks worth $2.50.
j| SAN FRANCISCO'S CHEAPEST STORE 1! '
! MARKET ST.; COR. TAYLOR AM GOLDE\ GATE AYE. : ' ffi..
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FRAXCISCO & NORTH PA- 1
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburnn Ferry— Foot of .Market St.
Ean Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3\
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursday *-Kxtr» trfa
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ac 1 ij
and 11:30 r. m.
6DXDAYS— B:OO, 9:3 a 11:00 a. X.; 1:30, 3:3 A
b :00, 6:.or. M.
San Ilafael to San FranfUro.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:60. 9:l!0, 11:10 a. x-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tri»i
at 1:55 p. M. and 8:35 P. m.
BUXPAYS— S:1O, 9:iO, 11:10 a. M.: 1:40, 3:11
6:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Scbnetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
Leave Tn»fT^t Arrive
San Francisco. o"t! 14? 6ftn Franclaca
Wkxk srs- v~ t TaS; an >fN- WkebT
Days. I pays. | "*«""« "' n - DAY <t. ' Pats,
7:30 am 8:00 ax; Novato, 10:40 ax< 8:40 ax
3:Bopx9:Soax Pelaluma, 6:10 px!10:25 ax
6:10 pm 1 5:00 t»x,.Sanu P.oaa. 7:35 pmj a:22 pm |
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsborgi
I ytton,
Geyservllie,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Clbverdale. 7:55 pm 6:22 pm
} Pieia,
I ; Hqpland & I
7:30 ax I 8:00 ax 1 Ukiah. ' 7:35 g:22gx
7:Soax 10:25 ax
8:00 am GaernevUle. | 7:35 pm
3:30 px i !__^ 6:22 px
7:30 am i 8:00 am Sonoma i 10:40 am 8:40 AX
and
6:10 5:00 PM Glen K'.len. I 6:10 px 6:22 PX
7:30ax:8:0!)ax! « e bastonol \™'-*O ah 110:2 > AM
I 3:3opx|s:oopxl * p *» to P°'- I 6:10 PM 6:22 PM
M«««i connect at -ant a Rosa for MarY Wmi
1 Springs; at Goyserville for sks^jts Springs; at
t Cloverdale for ih>* Geysers; at Pleta for Hlgbland i
I springs, Kelseyvllle, Boila Bay and utkepori: as ;
i HopUnd for Lakeport and Bartlet: Ppringi; at !
| Ukiah for Vichy Spring*, SAratoga Springs, 8'.0.t
I Lakes, Laurel I*ll lj\iif, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter :
j Valley. John Pay's, RlversMe, Ll»rley's, Back- ■
dpU's, Heights. Hu'.lviUe, Booneville, ,
Greenwood, On*a Hot Sprints. Mendocino City, |
Fort BraKfr. Wrstport, Vsal, WIUctK Cnhuj, Co- j
relo. Layionviiie. Hurri*. Scotia and Kmreka-
>at unlay to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce! !
\ ratra. •■ - •
On Sunday* round-trio tickets to all points be- '
yond ban Rafael at half ra'a*-
Tlcket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronlds bandlnj. i
A. W. V.vTER, B. X. RYAS.
l'rea. and Gen. Manasrr. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains >cave xaS Arrivt at^bW^SSSSS^w?
SASTA FE EXPRESS.
1o Chicaso vl> A. & I'.^S^^^S^TBl
IJirnct I.iue
f^^ d * ly * :6: - lOp *-carrvinr Pullmaa Palace
I>ra»lag-ro<.-m and Modern Uprio.st.TKt loartu
fcJ«epln whloli run dally thrown to Chioara
Lo'u£* 11 *" City. Ana " x cari for PeuYer and »fc
r.us or. K^cnrUons, via Kansas Gi;y, Chlcartx
Montreal »nd the " hll# ilouut»ias leave ev«r>
i ■ eaaay. w
'1 be best railway from California te the Saab
r.ew rails, new ;le»: nodnst: in'eren:in« scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's din.ng-roo.ui.
San Franciico Ticket Office. 644 Marks*
St.. Chronicle Kuildio . Ti-I« . hone. Main
i 1531. Q»kl4ud, iii o iiru»4war.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
IVia Sausalito ITerrjr).
! sTßamSaa Francisco, Gommcaclsi Sept. 13, lS9a
WUKOAT«
Far Mm Valley and San Karael— «7 r25, •3t:a.
11:00 a. M. -1:45. 3:45, »5:15. »5:4& d:3O i.2
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Uonday*. Wadaa*
aajraaod Saturdays ».; -.30 p. sl '
SCNDAVa
For Mm Valley and stn Rafael— *s:oo, •10-9 '
•11:80 a. M-: •1:30. 3:00, »4::-0 8:1&». M. !
Tnlaa marked * run to md Qocntln.
THROUGH TRAIXii. |
F»r Polst Rey*s ana way ons -7:3» a. m
Weekdays, S*o a. sl bondaya. 1:45 m. m. asstas»
Cay a. . .
«r Caiidf ro ana way i'«trwn :2& a. ml rrwafc ■•
sWvat US i. m »tignUva
RAILROAD TR AVEL."
»o;ii:ik\ pacific CO3II»Airr.
(rACIFIC »mr.M.)
Trains leave and mi- dne to nrrtte at
MAIS raVUNiMOsV
I.KAVK — >ROX FKBBCAKY 18. 1897 — ABBIVg
'«:U«a Kites. Han Jose and Way HUtionz... »:4.>
?:OOa Atlantic V.xj>re»B. Ogilen and i:»>.t.. 8:4.1*
7:OUa li«aicia. VaciiTiUe, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. Ororiile and Redding (ia
Daiis ~? •>4Sp
7:30 a Martinez, San Rare on, Vallejo, Kapa,
CalUtoga and SanU Rosa • :1 3 •
S.-:tO\ Niles, .San Jose, .StocUtou, lone,
Sacramento, Marysrllle, Chlco,
Tehama and Re<Uliu!T ; -* : I ■"» r
•8:30 a Peters and Milton • # 7:lSp
9:OOa Kew Orleans ITiMMi. Raymond (for'
Ynfc*u.ite), Fresno, JlakersdeliL
Bauta I'urldra, liOS Angeles, Dem-
in?, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East : 4i43r
0:OOa Martinez and Stockton .. : . 4i43p
0:00 a Vallejo «!l»p
NUta, San Jose, LlTermore and
Stockton 7:13*
*l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *9soop
l:OOp NUes, San Jose and Lirermore 8:45 a
1 1 :3»p Port CosU and Way Stations ' t?**3*
4:OOi- Martinez, Ban Ramon. VaUejo.
Nana, Oalistosa, £1 Verano and
.Santa Rosa « MS A
4:OOr Eenioia, Vacarille, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
Tille and Saorauieii'n 11:10 a
30 v Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Her-
ced and Fresno, going Tia Nile*,-
returning Tia Martinez 11143*
OtOOp Los Angelas Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and I.os -r. A w,
Auseira ' '•'» a *
3»O«»f Santa Fa l:<>nte, Atlantic Express - . '
for MojaT* and East J :4Sa.
Kuroraan Mail, Uc<l«n and ICaat.... B>43a
C:i»Oi- Haywar.ls,KUeßa«d Han Jose 7:15
J7:OOi. VaUejo ,t7i43»
7:»l»p Orcijon Batr.irr.enlo. Varjs-
Ti!J«, Keilduig, I'ortlaiid, i'nget
.Sound and Kast ...*.. llslSa
«;iO:O«p "Sunset UniVt«d." Fresno, Los
Aci-e'.cs, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East H*t*Sr
SAMA C'KUB DIV^ION (Narrow «»uire).
Mi in a Newark.* 'eiiter'iUr.S.m .lave. Felton,
ItouM-r Creek.SanU Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3*p
•»:13p Newark. CentertiUe, San Jose, New
Almadei). Felton, ltouldcr Creek,
Santa Crnz ami PriucipKi Way
Stations Mliao* t
4:1 Hv Newark. Kan Jose and Los <la ton ... B:s©a \
tll:l-lr Hunter Excursion, Sin Jose and i ft
_^ Way Stations 17i»O> .
(OAvr IHVIMUN (Iliinl A Inniistnd Sl».>
0:45 a ban Jo*e au<l Way Stations (New
Almo>len Weunacuays only) ll3op
■iISa Han .l.m. Trcx I'iiHia, ShiiU I'rnr.
Pacinc Crate Paso Rubles, San
]«is CNiiapn. Ouad&lupe, Surf and
Principal Way KUtious 7:O0p
IO:4O.v San Jnso hii.l Way HtaiklM B:OOp
II:HUa Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30*
■2t;3«p San Matci, Meolo Park. Han .lose,
Gllroy, Tres Pioos, Santa Cnc,
B<dinai,Mont«rey ami PaciticGrOTe *10<40a
•3:.'lOpSaii Joss and Way Htations ' i !■«•">»
»4:3oi>Sao T»»oauil W»y Stations *»:O.la
S:3Or S».^f>se and Prlaclpal ay Stations *9:43 a
•:»Oi> San Jose ami Way Htatioui «:•''•"> *.
t11:43i- a^ii Jose ami Way Station* 47:45 r
SAX l,r.A>UK(> AMI UAlttAHO* I.IX Al>.
i'6:OOa" ~~ ( 7:15 a
M:o4la ) rt>: *5a
,5:22*1 »elro»,SemliitrTP«rk, JESS
£!!$& FitrUb.r ,S«L«. I dro «Ss*
3:O«p - d «' t^l
4:OOp ■ n<l 1 5:4Sp
.1:OO p HaTwards. 6sl3p
o:3i»i M«JW»rtts. 7 . 45f
7:«0p I &r4*i
oJoop i Rn= * thrpngh to Nile*. io-.V>>
tillilSp; { yromMles. \ »H»tQo r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Proa SIS F*»SasOO— Foot of Market Siren (SU? 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. US3 »2:00 t3:C3
•i:O3 tMI •B:D3i'>. ' .
rreaOHHSB— fo«t tf Kr»s(i«ij.-. •8.-00 8.-09
io«)*.M. ti::co rwo t3*3 *3:;0 t».CO
*s:»3pji. 1
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excenteU. t Saturdays only.
• Snndars only
it Monday. Thursday acd SatuMay nights only.
KTna days and Saturdays. ft Sundays and Thursdays.
SIOUiYf TAM4LP4IS.
! C^ I Ka^rrdr t Wlth N « th **«*•
WEKK i'AVb-Lfarsß F. 9:IS a. m its - -
Return!!!*— Arrive X K. 3:25 p i. «->n J* ?*
KU.NDAYS-Le*veS,F.BA.Jf U;3o^"x. i^/;2:
R«°rain S -Arrive 5.F.1 :1 5 p. m 14:20 %Z. \\U 1 1
•rickeu for tale In Mill Valley or <-«»R»
: Mil \ aUey and Jloaut r»cnip»i» »c»mou»Uira-RENO'S SPECTER
HAUNTS CARSON
Alarm Caused by Repeated
Threats of Preventing
the Fight.
Delegation of Citizsns Sent to
Appease the Rival City's
Residents.
If Carson Loses the Mill the R?no
University Will Lose an
Appropriation. .
CARSON, Xkv., Feb. 15.— "Pompadour"
Jim Corbet: is expected to trip into Car
sou to-morrow morning, and the people
here are all agog to-night over the pros
pect of getting a pood look at tne man
who once won the thie of champion pug:- I
list of the world, and who boasts that- he i
will c : «feat Bob Fitzsimmons and gain the
belt for keeps. Everybody is talking
•about it.
Mirtin Julian, the sleek and rotund lit
tle manager ol the Australian boxer who
declares with so mucn conh'd?nce that
James J. Corbett will leave Carson minus
the championship and all of his ring lav-
I rels, is also due to arrive to-morrow, for the
| ■ purpose of selecting permanent trail. ing
quarters for his rod-iieaded brother-in-law,
and the good people ot Carson are talking
about this event, too.
But these two notables of tho sporting
world do not by any manner of means j
constitute subjects for the bulk of the dis
cussion that has been going on to-day and
to-night— that is, discussion of a real seri
ous nature. Thera is something else in the
Bir, which while it only calls for pooh,
■poohing in some quarters has had a ten
dency in others to create alarm and fear
that, after all the cunning wort done to
engineer the now famous prize-fighting law
through the Nevada Legislature and thus
jijake the way clear for Dan Stuart, the
great battle may be lost to Carson. They
fear the activity among the anti-tight
»eople of Reno. The Reno representatives
in the Legislature fought tbe Garrard bill
in the beginning, but after it had became
a law, they and their constituents appar
ently fell into line and said that after all
it would possibly be a good thing for the
Fiate financially, ard they volunteered
thoir support to trie pro j set This support '
■ developed into a desire on the part of
ILeno to hare the contest take place within
its boundaries. Thi?, as is now known
from one end ot the globe to tbe other, 1
was denied. Now Reno is showing her j
teeth, and the announcemeut comes from i
there that if tnere is any power on earth
to stop the mill it will be utilized.
True, this cry nas been heard for sev
eral days, but not until to-day has it been
taken seriously, and now the alert Car
sonites are busying themselves to offset
the threatened effort to deprive them of j
their prize. Saveral prominent men of
this city quietly left for Keno to-day as a
temporizing committee. Their object is,
if nucii a thinar is possible, to induce the
Heno malcontents to shed their antag- I
ouiauc tendencies in the interests of the
State generally. They are primed with
arguments to show that Reno will benefit
quite as mucn as Carson, if the contest
takes place, and with other persuasive
speeches.
"While we know in our hearts that the
Reno kickers cannot stop the right, still
we realize that reports of possible trouble
constantly coing out to the world are go
fng to interfere with the attendance, par
ticularly that wbich we expect from the
Eastern States," said one of the Carson
temporizers this afternoon. "We want I
them to stop talking, that's all, and ttiat's
what we intend to ask them to do. We
don't want anybody frightened away from
here. Alter the big fizht, if they want to
talk about repealing the Garrard bill, we
will listen to them and give them a chance
to try their strength in the Legislature, |
but not now."
But cajolery and persuasive eloquence !
are not, if what iB boing whispered about I
Carson to-nignt be true, the only t»mpor- ;
izing mediums used upon the recalcitrant
Renoiies. The whispered story is that
when gentle methods fail, an open threat
is.to be hurled at the people of Reno, and
one that is calculated to cause beads of \
perspiration to ooze out upon their brows, i
Pending before this same Legislature i
which made it possible for Carson to en
joy the big punching match is a bill in
which Reno asks for an appropriation of i
$78,000 for tne university located there. |
Reno needs this money badly. Now the;
prospective threat is that if Reno persists !
in throwing obstacles in the way of the i
great fistic event, the Carson statesmen <
and their allies will make it their busi
ness to block the passage of this appro
priation bill.
Ail of this trouble and tribulation may,
4 after ail, be for naugut, for Corbet: him
•elf to-day removed from trie reach of the j
■ienoites the weapon with which they ex
pected to slaughter the show. Corbatt
was billed to give an exhibition in Reno
to-morrow night, and the authorities there
announced that under the very bill wbich
: .is to permit the prize-fight Corbett would
have to pay $1000 license for this exhibi
tion. Lawyers saii that this was not so,
and advised the athletic combination to
go on with the show without taking out
any license. This was what those of ti.e
Reno population who are aiming to make
trouble wanted. The plan was to throw j
the entire matter into court, and work it
up to the Supreme Court, where it would
; hang fire until after the 17th of March,
• thus making a fiasco of the big fight.
• This play wa« foreseen, and Corbett sim
ply wired that he would not appear in
Reno. It is doubtful now if he will show
anywhere in Nevuda previous to his meet
ing with Fitz-iimmons, except right here
in Carson, where he is sufe.
Getiial big Dan Stuart, the promoter of
the coming fistic carnival, had been living
. ;in hopes for several days that he would be
• enabled to precede the Corbett-Fitzsim
• mon3 contest with, among others, a battle
between those two famous lightweights
"Kid" Lavi_ne and Joe Walcott. He re
ceived a dispatch to-day from Sara Fitz
p.atricK, who is handling Lavigne, that
put an end to his desire. Iv this telegram
■ Kitznatrick said his man would positively
'Abet meet Walcott.
/ This, while disappointing, makes the
■prospect all the brighter fora battle be
tween George Green, Ban Francisco's
famous welter-weight, and the winner of
the Ryan-Tracy match, which takes place
on tne 24th inst. Stuart says Green is one
of the greatest fighters in the world aad
he wouid like to find a better man tban
either Byan or Tracy for him.
Stuart is continuing his efforts to give
Peter Maher a match during the carnival,
and it is now practically settled that the
Irish champion will be pitted with aa un
known. Somehow or other, Sharkey does
not appear to be in favor with the big
Texan. Maher was asked by telegraph if
he would meet Sharkeyoran "unknown,"
and his reply was that he "would meet
Sharker or anybody in the world." Tak
ingjtbe Irishman at;his word, Stuart to-day
wired him to prepare for a collision with
the unknown. Who this unknown is is
one of Stuart's secrets, and if ever a man
could keep a secret when he wanted to, he
is that man.
Some idea may be pained as to the
amountof business the Carson hotel and
saloon men expect to enjoy as the result
of the coming of the thousands to this city
to witness the battles, irom bums of the
preliminary orders that have gone out for
eatables and drinkables. As most ol the
latter will come fron. San Francisco, the
wholesalers of the California metropolis
wi.l have reason to ba thankful that there
is going to be a light. The Arlington
Hotel to-day pl?ced orders for $-300 worth
of liquors, $1000 worth of cigars, and
nearly $3000 worth of general hotel »up
plies. The Briggs House ordered $1000
worth of drinkables end VISOO worth of
g.oceries. The total order of the Ormsby
House, which already carries a tremend
ous stock, amounts to $1500.
A' Livingston, the saloon man, who is
accredited with having hrst suggested to
Stuart the possibility of pulling off the
big fight in Nevada, naturally counts on
carrying off the cream of the aaloon trade,
and has ordered JjttOOO uorin of extra
liquors and cigars. Tim Dempsey is put
ting in an additional stock, ordered e.t
$2000. In fact they are all at it, in antici
pation of the harvest of their lives. The
city is overrun with whisky drummers,
and all of them are joyous over tbe
bonanza they have struck.
Stacks of leters continue to pour in
upon Dan Stuart from all parts of the con
tinent, in which the writers demand
bloc' s of chrvice teats at "any oid price."
In order to dispose of these as rapidly as
possible, be has set three of his clerks at
work on a seating plan for the mammoth
pavilion. This will be out by to-morrow
or next day anJ the seats already sold will
be checked off and thejticketa forwarded
as rapidly as possible. Stuart has, up to
date, orders for over 3000 seats, and all in
the highest-priced row at that.
Corbctt's handball court and "rub
down" room out at Shaws Springs were
practically completed by sundowu this
evening. Both are substantial and com
modious structures of white pine. Only
a tew finishing touches are necessary, and
Corbett can make use of them to-morrow
eight if he so desires.
Within five days Stakeholder Al Smith
will have in hit hands every cent of the
money that is to go to the winner of th*
Corbett - Fitzsimmons battle. Corbett's
side-bet forfeit money has long sin':e been
up. A few days ago Martin Julian for
warded to Smith the balance of Fitzsim
mon's side bet. To-day Stuart sent to
bmith $10,C00 as the balance of the (15,000
purse offered for the fieht. He put up
$5000 at the time of the signing of the ar
ticles. The $10,000 he sent to-day was
divided into live certified checks calling
for $2000 each, and are drawn on the First
National Bank of New York.
"I would have put this money in
Smith's hands sooner, but I deemed it
wise to wait until practically the last mo
ment in order not to get tangled up with
the New York law," explained the Dallas
sport to-night.
♦
TJTZSIMMOMS' STATEXEyT.
Say* lie It Jtettdy lo G<re Jntrrrinrt to
All Who Come.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Feb. 15.
— Robert F.tzsimrcons arrived in town
this morning and gave an exhibition of
sparring and bag punching at tha Colise
um to-night to a laree audience.
The high altitude has not been without
its effect upon the Australian's breathing
apparatus. Fitz spent the day in quiet
training. A short sprintor two this after
noon leit the Antipodean decidedly short
of breath, while between gaps be said:
'"I can't take a long, deep breath up I
here in the mountains."
The report that Fitzsimmons and Cor
bett had signed an agreement with Hearst i
of the New York Journal and San Fran
ci?co Examiner, which has caused no
small anxiety to the large number of
newspaper correspondents who will be
present at the Carson fight, was men
tioned to Fitzsimmons to-night in the
presence of a half-dozen reporter*. '
"Is it true," asked The Call corre
spondent of Fitzsimmons, "that you and
Corbatt have signed articles, for a cash
consideration, that neither of you will
give any information or permit yourself
to be interviewed by any newspaper re
porter except the authorized representa
tive of the San Francisco Examiner and
the New York Journal?"
"As far as I am concerned," replied the
Australian, "it is true. I do not know
whether Corbett signed the contract or
not; but I suppose that he has. But
the agreement simply means that I
will sign no interview or give out
any signed statements other than
Ito the New York Journal and the
San Francisco Examiner. The agreement
in no way prevents any one from asking
me questions or irom visiting my pros
pective training quarters or tnking photo
| graphs. No attempt to muzzle the press
J was made. The boys will be free to come
and go as they pleaje," and the Austra
lian spoke as though ue meant every
word he said.
"Julian made the arrangement," con
tinued Fitz, "and I signed the agreement.
If a newspaper reporter is on to his job he
can find pretty nearly as much news as
he wants. The Call has always treated
me well. It will get as much news as any
paper."
The exhibition at the Coliseum closed
at 10 o'clock and at 10:45 ths party left
j over the Rio Grande for Leadville and
Salt Lake, where Fitz will give his last
two toumamont3 before going into heavy
training.
CORBETT AOT COriRIOHTISD.
Will Be Interviewed or Sketched by Rep.
r*>**ntatirei of Any Xexoapnptr.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15. -James
| J. Corbett, while en route to his training
quarters in Nevada, is the recipient of as
many honors as a Presidential candidate.
At every little station between San
Francisco and Sacramento, as soon as the
train stopped at the depot, crowds
thronged around the sleeper and begged
for a sight of , this, great heavy-weight.
Corbatt was in excellent burner and grat
ified the curiosity of his admirers at every
point. —^
His reception at Suisun was particu
larly flattering. The town band lined up
beside his car and played "See, the Con
quering Hero Comes," and over 200 spec
tator. crowded about a huge bonfire and
cheered (he San Franciscan.
Corbett stepped to the platform and
warmly thanked his friends for their
loyalty. The crowd cheered again, anvils
were fired and the train pulled oat.
After leaving the latter place, Ccrbett
dictated and signed the following nie.-B.ige:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
The Hawaiian Inter-Island Steamer He?ene Flying the Largest National Flag in the World. The
Handsome Craft Is Namei After the Daughter of W. G. Irwin of Honolulu,
Jame* Murpkjf and Herman Per':in*, Suisun
Ca!.: P.ehbe mank the boys for the kind re
cemion they gave rae to-night. It was tl c
pieasantejt surprise I have received iv Califor
nia. It was very kind of you all.
JAME3 J. CfTIBETT.
When interviewed on the subject, of the
printed statement regarding signed inter
views and photographs Corbett'a reply
was:
'The Call is welcome to an interview
wi»h me any day and any hour. I Lave
acreed not to give out signed interviews
to any papers excepting the Examiner
and Journal. This does not apply to oral
statements. Frequently bogus inter
views have appeared over mv signature.
Certainly, the artist may sketch me when
ever he or she wishes. My photographs
only are for Mr. Bushnell. I am under
great obligations to many papers, and aiii
particularly friendly to The Call. Please
be aure and say that."
SHEA. FA TORS CORBETT.
Predict* That th* Champion Will Win
Within Tu>*nty J.oundt.
WICHITA, Kaxs, Feb. 15.— Paddy Shea,
well known throughout the central West
as an all around sporting man, who con
ducts an academy of scientific boxing in
this city, is recognized wherever known as
an authority on sporting topics. His pre
diction that Corbett will win the coming
fight is notable from the fact that he has
foretold with almost unvarying exactness
tbo results of all the great fights of recent
years. In an interview to-day he said:
"Accidents barred I predict that Cor
bett will win the fight inside of twenty
rounds. All these stories about his hav
ing degenerated are tod to induce some
one to run up against him. Corbett and
Fitzsimmons are without doubt the great
est fighters in the world. Corbett is in
his prime. He will probably go into the
ring at ISO to 184 pounds. He is strong
and unquestionably the fastest heavy
weight in the world. There are no feather
weights quicker than Corbett. I am sat
isfied that Corbett is now in splendid con
dition, and that be will go into the fight
a belter man than when be stood up
against Sullivan.
"Of course Fitzsimmons is a wonderful
man, and he has a way of guarding his
neck and jaws with those high shoulders
of his that will demand th.c best general
ship of which Corbett is capable. Corbett
will have to get in straight licks to reach
Fits, and if he should ever be caught off
his guard and Fit! gets in one of his
swings it will be good-by, Mr. Corbett.
Fitz is a great fighter, I concede, but I
consider Corbett the best general and the
fastest heavy-weight in the world, and I
shall be surprised if he does not win this
i fight at some round between the fifteenth
and the twentieth. Billy Brady under
stands it in that way, and that is the rea
son he offers to bet $1000 that Fitz will
not appear in the ring on the 17;h day of
March. My prediction is that, barring ac
cidents, Corbett will win this fight."
Cnrbrtt (ir'tinl at Kuitun.
SUISUN, Cal., Feb. 15.— An ovation
was given champion James J. Corbett
when he passed throuch Suisun this even
ing on hi 3 way to Carson. When the train
arrived Corbett was greeted with deafen
ing cheers. The Suisun brass band was
present and a bonfire and a display of
fireworks illumined the scene. Mnny of
the champion's admirers here were intro
duced to him by Harry Corbett, who is
well known in Suisun, having been on
frequent hunting trips to this station.
Corbett was greatly pleased with his re
ception.
>"ife«(»imoii#' Monty All Totted.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.-A! fcroith,
the stakeholder for the Corbett-Fitzsim
mons fight, was notified to-day by one of
the National banks in this city that $5000
had been deposited at the bank and was
awaiting hi- identification. This is th<»
Australian's si.le bet and, with the $25C0
appearance money already in Smith's
hands completes Fitzsimmcns' end of the
money question. Corbett's $7500 has
already been posted.
Railroad Rates Will Be High.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. la.— The second
reduced rate proposition for the Nevada
fistic carnival, which is being voted on
now by the Western lines, is one which
will without doubt be the a. -reed rate
from this city. It is only 60 cents under
the regular $110 winter tourist rate to Cali
fornia. The Southern Pacific offered a
rate 01535 from Ogdsn to Carson as a bas
ing rate to Eastern connection?. This is
but 1 1-5 fare for the round trip, which
from tit is city would amount to $100 40.
OFF FOX CARSON.
Corbett, With Bit Itrothtr*, Ltavta for
thn BnttU-Oround.
Jim Corbett put In most of his time yes
terday wishing his friends farewell and
packing his trunks preparatory to his de
parture for the mountains of Nevada.
Corbett left this City on the 6 r. m. train
for Carson, but he may possibiy remain
over at Reno. That will depend upon cir
cumstances.
Corbett received a message yesterday
from Cook, his advance agent, which
states that tbe people of Reno, who have
interested tbernselvds in the pugilist's
theatrical venture*, are determined that if
Corbett insists nuon giving aa exhibition
in Reno he must plank up a coo! thousand
or the show will come to an abrupt ter
mination. It has been also stated that if
he intends to show in Virginia City he
will have to dig down deep into his pock
ets, as the Virgimaites are hungry for a
little "side money."
The champion said yes'erdav that be
does not intend to give $1000 and re
ceive in return something like $400 And
1 possibly a few punches from bis sparring
partner, which will not assist him any in
| his training for the championship contest.
J From the present apoearat:c3 of tilings it
is fairly safe to say that Corbett will not
exhibit cither in Reno or Virzima City,
but will go direct to his training quarters
in Carson, where he will remain until
after his fistic interview with Fitzsim
mons.
There was quite a large crowd of Cor
bett's friends and ndmirers congrepated
at the depot at the foot of Market street
last evening to see him off on theGo'clock
! boat. Tbry all wished him a pleasant
journey and success, and he answered
each one of his well-wishers by s-aying
that he would return on the 18th of March
with a red-headed scalp dangling at his
girt.
Corbett had a» his traveling companions
C. F. Burns, Billy Langdon, Jim McVey
and his brothers, Harry and Joe. It was
thought that Biily Delaney, who is Cor
bett's old trainer and adviser, would jour
ney with the p;<rty, bat alt<«r Corbett's
interview with Jeffries, which appeared
in Thk Call, new arrangements were
made which will detain Delaney until the
dar after ths Juries and Stelzner's fight.
Jeffries wiil stpri with Delaney if he prove
successful. He will act as one of the
champion's sparring partners.
Dan Stuart will meet Corbett in Reno
and after a short business chat the ereat
pugilistic proniotpr of prize-lights will
journey :o this City to complete some
important business arrangements connect
ed with the pambling end of ths trreat
fighting carnival. Harry Corbett and C.
F. Burns are expected home on Friday
evening.
A sporting man who is very close to
Stuartsaid yesterday that unless the fight
ing manager can secure two first-class
pugilists who will agree to ao battle to a
fin:sh for a small purse, which must not
exceed $2500, there will not be a second
attraction.
Stuart li^ures that a second attraction
will rot bring any more people to Carson
than the crowd that will be represented!
on the 17th of Ma-ch to see ;he champion
ship battle, consequently he is not very
anxious to match any of the champions
unless they are willing to co in and scrap
| for the honor and glory that may be at-
I tached to a win. Smart may "pull off" a
lira bird trap-shooting tournament, as
tnere will not 6» mu:h expense attached
to a scheme of this kind, aud gambling on
| the results will b» heavy. Stuart is look
ing to the tinancinl end of the scheme,
and with this obj-ct in view he will be
careful to look before he leaps.
MAHER WINS A SIX-ROUND ROUT.
But the Irish Champion Puts Up a Very j
Tame Fight With "Mu/doon's Black
Thunderbolt."
BUFFALO, N. V., Feb. 15. — Peter
Maher, the Irish champion pugilist, de
feated C. C. Smith, "Muldoon's Black
Thunderbolt," in six rounds, before the
Empire Athletic Club of this city to-night.
Maher had Smith nil but out in the
second round, but in the succeeding
rounds he was very slow and seemed to
tire easily. He showed anything but
championship form and made a decidedly
unfavorable impression.
The house was well filled, a number of
Pittsburzers having come from the
Smoky City to witness the contest.
In Smith's corner were Charles Marks,
George Church and Al Dean. Manor's
seconds were Buck Cornelius and Peter
Lowryof Pittsburg.
Peter appeared to be in fine fettle, his
flesh white and firm as marble, while
Smith looked like an ebony Apollo. P«ter
was cool and confident and the "Thunder
bolt" displayed all his ivories in expan
sive grins.
Tbo men shook hands at 10 o'clock. The
fi.ht by rounds follows:
Round I— Maher put two light lefts on face.
Smith landed hi* left on the chin and right I
oil tho wind. Peter swung a hard left
on the mouth and staggered Smith with a
right on the ear. In the clinch Maherstruclc
Smith twice. There were loud cries of "foul,"
mil Smith's seconds rushed into the ring and
dragged their man to his corner.
Round 2— Maher jibbed his left on the face
twice and followed with a hard light on the
ear. Smith reached Peter's lace witn '
a good left. Peter sent his left to j
the wind aud Smith came back with two In
the same place. Maher swung his left on 1
the ear, knockiug fie colored man flat on his
face. Smith pot up slowly and i'eier rained
blows on the he id and wind ns Smith leaned
over the ropes without attempting to defend
himself. Smith clinched as the bell rang.
Round .i— Maher jabbed his lett on the face
and Smith put a lizht left on the wind, rush
lag Peter to the ropes. Smith rushed again
and Peter got away, Smith jabbed his left In
the stomach and Muner put his left on the
wind. Maher jabbed his left on the mouth
and they clinched.
The fourth and fifth rounds were tame, both
men appearing to be very tired.
Round 0 and last— The men were slow to
I get together and there were loud hissed
! trom the audience. Peter jabbed Smith lightly
on the fie-; with the left, mid the latter
I knocked Peter's head back with a left jolt on
the chin. Peter swung his left on the ear, »nd
Smith ducked a savage right swing. Peter
I jabbed bla left on the mouth, and left and
right on 'the head. The men were sparring
for wind as the bell rang.
Referee Dosclier then declared Maher
the winner. Maher weighed 178 and
Smith ISO pounds.
The preliminary contests were between
Laden Campbell of Pittsburg and Sammy
Brown of this city, who were to box ten
rounds at. 128 pounds. Brown was
knocked out in the fourtn. round.
Neither man showed any skill.
The next pair wero Jim Plant of Pitts
burg ana Harry Gillmour of Baltimore,
who were scheduled to go ten rounds.
Plant easily outclassed his opponent in
scienco and strength and knocked him
out in the second round.
- — ■* —
DIXOH STRIKES ANOTHER SNAG.
Jack Downey of Brooklyn Fig his the
Colored Champion to a Draw in
Twenty Rounds.
NEW YORK. B. V., Feb. 15— George
Dixon of Boston and Jack Downey of
Brooklyn fouzht twenty rounds to a draw
at the Broadway Athletic Club to-night.
Downey put up tne best fight that the
colored champion ever had to meet, and
in the opinion of many the Brooklynite
hud the best of the argument.
SHE FLEW HER
CHAMPION FLAG
The Helene Is Now Regu
larly Installed as a
Trader.
Has the Honor of Carrying the
Largest Flag in the
World.
A Bulldog Who Kept a Memento of
Burglars Who Were
Foiled.
Tbe Hawaiian steamer Helena was the
observed of ali observers on the wajer
front yesterday. She was loading at Pa
cific-street wharf, and the largest flag in
the world floated from her aftermost. It
i* almost tiaif as Umr. as the ship, ana
when hoisted on the mast there is barely
room for it to clear the taffrail. In fact it
is 40 feet deep and 80 feet long, and if
stretched in the meeting-room of the
Merchants' Exchange would lane up the
| full length and height of the room.
When leavinp Honolulu to take com
mand of the Helene, Captain George C.
Beckley was presented with an illumi
nated address and a parse. The address
he was more than pleased to receive, but
the money he said would go in purchas
ing the finest flag in the world for the
pride of the Hawaiian mercantile marine.
Tbe flag was aeon yesterday floating from
the handsome steamer that takes her
name from the w'nsome daughter of W.
G. Irwin oi Honolulu.
Captain George C. Beckley is the com
modore of the W ilder steamship line, and
is one of the most popular men in tbe
Hawaiian Islands. His chief officer is
Captain Fitzgerald, second officer H. A.
Fr.is and third officer H. D. Beveredge.
The chief engineer is W. A. Johnson,
first assistant Charles Dubam and second
' assistant Herman Kallstrom. All the
j officers are in uniform, and the vessel
I looks more like an ocean iiner than an
nterisland trader. She will take away an
unusually heavy cargo, among which will
be steel rails, machinery and mules for
the plantations on the island of Hawaii.
Osmer & Co., who keep a saloon and
rcstaurar.i on the corner of Folsom and
East streets, discovered the remains of a
traeedy when they opened up for business
yesterday rnoruing. Tlie aide entrance
had teen pried open and the marks of the
jimmy were plainly to be seen in the
woodwork. On the floor, playing with
the remains of a pair of pantaioons, was
tbe bulldog that generally is kept chained
behind the counter by day and is allowed
to rove at will through the place at night.
Not even a glass was disturbed and the
supposition is that as soon as the intruder
got fairly into the restaurant the dog
jumped on him and held on until the
burglar and his nether garment parted
company. The owner can have the re
mains of the trousers by calling on Osmer
& Co. any time before 6r. m. to-day. Up
to that hour tbe dog will be chained up.
Toe launch Amy tried a new Wittram
wneel yesterday. So far it ha" proved to
jbe more than satisfactory. The last one
that was put on was four-bladed and
proved too heavy fo. - the smart little
craft, so Mr. Peterson had it removed and
a three-bladed one put in its place. The
launch will have a trial trip to-day, and
great thines are expected fr> ni her.
Lienteuant-Commander L. H. Turnerof
I the Naval Reserve will leave for San Diego
jin a :ew days. Two new officers have
NEW TO-DAT.
How can you
expect a pure
baking powder
at 25 cents a
pound?
And yet high
price is no guar-
antee of purity
either.
Use Jropky
and be on the
safe side.
41 TUlmann & Eendek Mfrk
been elected to the command of the Third
Dvision, and he will be one of the exam
ining board to see to it that I hay are tit
for their new duties. Incidentally he will
act as aid to the grand marshal who will
handle the parade given in honor of Ad
mirkl Beaidslee and his staff.
Arthur O'Bradley, well known to all tbe
old-lime boarding masters, died at the
Almshouse yesterday. Of all the men
who cirae herein the early days he was
perhaps the best known. At one time he
was a performer in a circus, but when the
company went to pieces* he shipped as
cook on an ocian-eoing vessel. Outside
the heads he threw all the jots and pans
overboard and reported that there was
nothing on board to cook in. The vessel
put back and O'Bradley made his escape.
Since then he led a precarious life, and
finally wound up by dying in the Alms
honse.
Tuo Amer'can ship T. F. Oakes is now
long overdue and 45 per cent reinsurance
has been paid on her. The general im
pression seem:* to be that she has gone
down, but old-timo captains seem to
think that she will come along all ri~bt.
The Japanese steamer Sakura ftluru at
Yokohama, January 25, reports that on
January 24. whan in latitude 34.15 north,
longitude 143 east, she sighted a derelict
vessel bottom up, but saw no signs of
life. The derelict was supposed to be
about USO or 300 tons.
STOCK TOA UK'S CO. SHOW.
3lason and Fellow of Sew Tor Will
Judge the J*ogi.
STOCKTON. Cal., Feb. 15.— That a
bench show will bo held in Stockton next
April is now certain. At the 'request of
the kennel club John Djak recently wrote
to C. li. Mason, asking whether he would
be content to take $400 for judging thie
does, instead of the $45; which the club
had promised to pay him. The letter ex
plained that the club was considering the
engaging of J. Otis Fellows as a judge
a'so in connection with Mr. Mason, but
that it did not ieel like incurring the extra
expense unless the $450' could be cut to
$400. To-day Mr. Mason telegraphed the
following from New York:
Contract stands. No objection to Fellows
judging home classes, and li necessary will
subscribe $50 to club.
It had been intended to abandon the
idea of hoMing the bench show if Mason
refused to accede to the request, but now
that he has accepted all is settled. Fel
lows, who bad originally demanded $125,
has cut his prico to $100, so ttie amount
paid both judges will b3 $500, or only $50
more than Mauon was promised.
Harlnft at Atw Vrlean*.
NEW ORLEANS, la., Feb. 15.— Six furlonjri,
Harder.burg won. Loyal Prince second, Chlcit
third. Time, 1:24>.,.
Four fui'ongs, Sue Sue won. Our Lizzie sec
ond. Octave third. Time, :.->5 ! 3 .
One mile aud twenty yards, Dave Pulslfer
won. Jamboree second, Henry Owsloy third.
Time, 2 :0O! 2 .
Seven iurionss. Van Brunt won. Domingo
second, Gaston third. Time! 1 :40J 2 .
Six furlonps Frank Daly won. Hoarder sec
ond, Martin X third. Time, I:26}*'.
Six and a half iur.ongs, Printe Proves won,
Robert Boirier second. Pop Bixon third.
Time, 1 :253 2 .
Sudden J)entU at J'omona.
POMONA, Cal., Feb. 15.— Mrs. Gertrude
L. Gow dropped dead at 7 o'clock to-night
while supervising the cooking in her
husband* restaurant Appoplexy is be
lieved to have been the cause. She was
47 years of age.
FOOD COFFEE.
PO-TUN-SEAL.
A True Story for the Children.
A tiny 3-year-old girl climbed up into
her chair at the breakfast table, and after
bavin;; a napkin pinned about her neck
surveyed the morning repast critically
and finally said, in a quiet, sturdy way,
"I wants Po'tunseal." "What is it daugh-
ter wants?" "Po'tunseal, Po'tunseal"
(said with emphasis).
After many conjectures, and recalling
the fact that she had been served with a
little cup of Postum Cereal the previous
morning, It was decided that this was
what the little cub wanted, and, when it
was placed beside her with a little cream
and sugar in it, the charming, coy. pleased
j smile of thanks that dimpled the plump
cheeks and chin, and looked out of the
violet eyes, would have been thanks
enough to a king for the gift of an empire.
It makes our hearts grow atrong with
the essence of Life when we make a little
child happy, and especially when we
can give them what they like to eat and
drink with the settled" Knowledge that
pure and nourishing food is being taken
into the stomach, in an attractive form to
be sure, in Po»tum, the health coffee, but
retaining all the nutriment and fattening
qualities of the pure cereals. Made by the
Postum Cereal Company, Limited, Battle
Creek, Mich. .
"Just aa good" as Postum Cereal are
words used to defraud the public.
Four
Important
Sales
This Week. I
We will offer our entire line
of PERSIAN GLASSWARE, j
Consisting of A
TUMBLERS, GOBLETS, H
POONERS, CREAMERS, 1
BUTTER DISHES, — —
SUGAR BOWLS,
COMPORTS. NAPPYS, JP_ Ppinp
BERRY DISHES, Etc., at ™ nibC
NO PREACHING NEEDED
To convince ycu that we will sell our !
COMBINATION I- g\ ft
POCKET BOOKS Kij G :
Assorted Leathers, ra i
Regular Price BJJ Bin v
85c, $1 and $1.25, for^ W tadl
ECONOMY ga? 6 keynote of our
"HURD'S" " &¥**
IRISH LINEN. II »l
24 Sheets Paper, § * a
24 Envelopes for 1 %0
400 FORTUNATE WOMEN
That come promptly this week will get our
FOUR-BUTTON |Bk (ft. n
Kid Gloves, H 1 |C
In Black, Tan, I /1 1.1
Mode and Slate, forw' \m Pair
718 MARKET STREET.
HEW to»pat: •
WEAK MEN
VVbflill BIS Bob i «
WEAK BACKS.
Y\/A*jLr Mom— Those suffering from
WeUK men Nervous Debi lty, the
symptoms of which are dull, distressed
mind, flushes of heat, depression of spirits,
evil toreboaiugs, cowardice, fear, dre«ms,
melancholy, lack of energy, low vitalliv.
confusion of ideas, lost manhood, wasted
powers, constipation, weakness of the limbs
and feeling tired in the morning, as tv -11
as thoae troubled with seminal weakness,
which is wrecking tne lives of many, the
symptoms of which are languor, dullness,
loss of ambit on, wandering mind, palpi a-
tion of the heart, bad dreams, with noc-
turnal discharges, should consult
Wd£ZuLi(' : ''' ' * >! *>io- --"^*^' • '■ ■■'"*" ASgguSq.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
| Whn«e K*»T>utation I* K«ttihlish<»<l by
Ton Years of Unparalleled Success,
at 737 Market Street, San Francisco
W/£»iLr R*»r»L--c are an untnistaKablo
YVCcIIV DclUIVa ,{£„ of diseased kid-
neys. Does your bock ache ? Do you have
sediment or brick dust deposit in the urine?
Do you urinate frequently? Have you
weakness of the g»neratiw or Kane partial
or total impoteney? It you hnvenny of these
symptoms you have diseased kidneys. To
neglect these troubles mean« to you dia-
betes or Bright'n «lispa«e and a. premature
grave. DR. SWEANY invariably cures
these diseases.
Vnnncr /Vlpn If you have indulged
TUUng ITien, in eari indiscretions
and as a consequence have emissions, ex-
hausting drains, pimples, bashfulness,
aversion to society, a tired, stupid, bloomy
feeling and failing of memory, lack .of
vigor, absolutely unfittlne you "tor stud;-,
busine«-< or marriage, do not neglect your-
self until too late. Do not allow false pride,
and sham modesty to deter you In seeking*
Immediate relief. Get cured and be a man.
\/*» t*i/*rkr'*»l*» Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula,
VdIIUUtLIC, Shrunken Organs, Swell-
ings and tenderness of the organs and
glands treated with unfailing success.
DiinliirF> New method, sure cure, pain-
■v u LUlc# i eg , treatment, no detention
from work, no experiments, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent cure.
PrivQrp Diseases Gleet, Gonorrhoea,
rilvaic T-nderness, Swolline, Conta-
gious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
cured without pain or detention from
business.
I nrlif»c will receive special and careful
Liauicd treatment for all their many ail-
ments.
W/ri ft* if away from the city, as DOCTOR
I lI.C SWEANY has a system of home
treatment that is entirely his own. Thou-
' sands are cured at home. Book, ''Guide
to Health," a treatise on all the organs and
their diseases, free on application. Strictest
confidence observed.
Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©■( It Publishes the Cream of th»
c* News of the Week and
=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
erf PAPER ON THB
©/ PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
,D Fair and Impartial in Its
& ] Rendering of the Po-
-3 litical News.
o) It's the Paper to Send East if
cJ It's the Paper to Send East if
cJ You Want to Advertise
cJ California.-
°\ The Best \ /Mining
oc Telegraphic \S News That
o< Service on /N. Is Accurate
cJ The Coast / \& up to data
oc
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational '
°S or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
2 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
) Bright, Clean, A Champion of
CX Thoughtful. truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER"
J. ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C* HOME MAIL, 51.59
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
c^ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
<KH>OOOO<KK><KH>
AN EXCELLENT
It 7TT7 A T ' Properly prepared and
I l/l r* A\ I promptly served, can'
*'*l i.JUy always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T"> A T A /^T?
$sl,X£ PALACE
msnt in town.
OOOOOOOO^OOOO
E - a PATE_rjTS!, I)
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaze Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily snd bund*}- Call, ono year, by mall 6.00
Dally »cd Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally »nd Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Bunday Call, on« year, by mall 1.60
V ki.x.Ly Call, on« year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
1 San 1 ruiM-ihcu, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Sf*ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
627 Montgomery ttreet, comer Clay; open until
8 HO o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS X.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
• ntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street- open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 O'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
80S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms si and 32, 84 Tark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Ka«tern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
TUESDAY FKBRUARY~I«7"IS97
THE FAKE AID THE FACT.
THE PAKE
The Examiner published for several days at th»
top of Its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUELISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kepi of the actual amount In Inches of Its
advertising and that In consequence it could be
confronted with the following fact.
— THE FACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 1896.
It Is to be remembered that during 1896 th»
Examiner published approximately 800 Inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, of wuich The Call
did not and would not pnbils'i one.
'I he monarch of the facers has doubtless suc-
ceeded In securing thousands of Inches of adver-
tising during tae past, year by dupin: and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the Character of the foregoing fake. It
would stem, however, from the facts that the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by its
fraudulent prptenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books «re open to
inspection, but we suggest that It inspect Its own
looks before it ventures udjii the publication of
m. other fake.
We conzratnlate the public on the fact that the
rxrosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop it.
In this the Examiner was discreet, and If It is wise
l: will make no more such bold attempts to
croplvt? the pub ic.
The "concert of the powers" has become
just about as harmonious as a cat chorus.
" 'Tis Greece and living Greece again,"
bo the diplomacy of Europe has a surprise
party.
Three British warships have sailed for
Crete, and now that the villain appears
tho ulot will soon thicken.
It is now predicted the window-glass
trust will soon go to pieces, and if it doos
the people will see the collar se without
pain.
Gladstone's remark on the Grecian
crisis, ''I hope the powers will recollect
that they have some character to redeem,"
is most timeiy.
Theosophy doesn't make as much noise
in the world as the Salvation Army, but
all the same it is equally diligent in drum
ming up recruits.
All the trusts that were formed during
the hard times are now dissolving before
the glow of coming prosperity, like ice at
the reiurn of spring.
Canton has decided to say good-by to
McKinley with a bang that will attract at
tention; anJ then she will retire to her
accustomed obscurity.
The beard of Senator Harris of Kansas
may not he as big as that of Peffer, whom
lie succeeds, but all tho same it seems to
leak just as much talk.
They may call this the "Legislature of a
thousand relatives," but so long as the
whole family keeps out of scandals the
people won't complain.
There is time for Europe to eet through
with her ftqhliog this year and then make
ready to celebrate the triumph of peace at
the Paris .Exposition in 1000.
Boston has established a municipal
printing plant, and perhaps she will be
willing betore long to swap it for our State
Printing Office on even terms.
The inaugural bail will cost a great deal
more money than the Bradley Martin af
fair, but as it will be a popular blowout
there won't be any kicn about it.
Congress has more work before it than
it can attend to, but the Congressmen
don't care. They know they haven't any
bigger salaries before them than they can
draw.
The Kaiser is going to give a masked
ball all the same as the Bradley Martins,
but as criticism on it would be l<:s i ma jeste,
comment in Germany wih be regarded as
wholly unnecessary.
The new prison to be erected in New
York is 10 have a fine roof garden. New
tenements, however, do not have such
gardens. The convict gets tho luxuries
that should go to free labor!
THE GREEK SPIRIT.
Once more Greece lifts aloft in Europe the torch of liberty. Once more she ap
pears as the champion of freedom against the aggressions of tyranny and Asiatic
despotism. She stands now as she did at the dawn of history supreme in her
courage and her enli^titenment to oppose her small force, but unconquerable spirit,
against all that threatens subjugation and ruin to herself and the islands around her.
In the sight of the splendid spirit she is displaying, the civilized world may eiclaim
with delight, '"Tis Greece and living Greece again."
The new awakening of the old Greek spirit will arouse feelings of admi-ation and
profound sympathy throughout the civilized world. Wherever youth has been
taucht to revere courage and patriotism as exhibited in the immortal examples of the
heroes who died at Tbermopy.'tu or triumphed at Salamis there will be a sense of joy
in reading the reporis from Europe which make known the determination of Greece
to no longer await the slow d.plomacy of the powers, but to go forth as of old trust
ing to her own courage and her own arms to maintain the freedom of the Grecian
islands and the rights of the Greeks against their immemorial Asiatic foes.
There is something heroic in the attitude of this small nation arising to do
battle against wrong while the mightier nations of Europe hesitate and shrink
from the contest. There is an epio grandeur in the words which tne King of
Greece and his Prime Minister have scut back in answer to the warning of Europe.
There is an evidence of the revival of that spirit which made Greece of old the birth
place of liberty and learning and their defender against barbarism and superstition
in the words so nobly spoken by the King and his statesmen and in the patriotic re
sponse of tho people to the call upon them for war in defense of their fellow-Greeks in
the stricken island of Crete.
It is hardiy likely that Greece will be left to fight alone the battle she has under
taken. The sentiment of humanity outraged by Turkish atrocities in Armenia ha*
already been clamorous against the npatiy of a statesmanship which counts dollars as
more than men and hesitates to undertake a war in defense of the Jives of the Christian
sutjects of the Ottoman empire. That sentiment air. ady roused will respond
promptly to the call of Greece, and throughout Western Eurote the nations will have
to go 10 her assistance in the just war or else tha statesmen who control them will
have to recKon with the indignation and scorn of their own people.
Mr. Gladstone from his retirement ha 3 sent foith the utterance which clearly
expresses the prevailing sentiment of men who, like him, have not the power to help
but are full of sympathy with human liberty. "I dare not stimulate Greece," he
said, "when I cannot help ncr, but I shall profoundly rejoice at her success. I hot>e
the powers will recollect that they have some character to redeem." These words
will surely have weight with statesmen as with the general mass of men. The nations
lof Europe have certainly a character to redeem. Taey have also sins for which they
mu>t atone. The long delay in the face of Turkish outrage* is a political offense
which can be redeemed only by prompt action now and atoned for only by a speedy
help to the couraoroous Greeks.
Whatever bo the result of the crisis there will be joy everywhere over the evidence
now civen of the reawakening of the old Hellenic aspiration for a pan-Hellenic union.
All the Greek islands should of right be a part and parcel of the new Greece. The
ties of race, language and religion to which the Greeks on the mainland now respond
in going to the assistance of the Cretans are ties which ?nould bind Crete and her
sister islands to the Greek kingdom.
The accomplishment of such a union would be a realization of the dream of the
great statesmen who nißde Greece luminous, illustrious and noble in her early day*.
It was to achieve such a union that T^emistocles planned, Agesilaus fought and
Demosthenes pleaded in those orations which still remain to us as the highest exam
ples of human oratory. It would be a slor ous realization for the nineteenth century
to see all Greece united and the linal expulsion of an Asiatic power from Europe. In
the new uprising of the Greeks there is hope that before the century closes the great
fact may be accomplished and the splendid dream fulfilled
THE "EXAMINER'S" SLANDERS.
The cheeks of all decent San Franciscans
are tingling with shame at the dastardly '
attempt of the Examiner to create a sensa- j
tion about Mrs. Corneous Vanderbilt Jr.
in order to sell a few extra copies at the
cost of wounding the feelings of the young ,
married couple, Mr. and Mrs. Payne
Whitney, who are now stayiug at the
Palace.
The Examiner claims to have got the :
scandalous story from Mr. Hearst s other
paper, the Journal, of New York. That is
just the sheet to invent s-uch an infamous j
.slander. It is capable of concocting any
defamatory story about a private family
In order to make talk among go«sir>- !
mongers and to spread its circulation I
among persons of low life. It is the lineal j
successor of the Alligator, which was run
by the blackguard Branch until A. T.
Stewart bad him sent to lilackwells j
Island.
The baseness of Hearst's foul tattle
about Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt is not re- ]
deemed by the low cunning with which |
the Examiner, while publishing innrendces |
calcu.ated to blast the lady's reputation,
affects to disbelieve them. Its object is |
gained by their mere circulation. There
are plenty of people who will gloat over a
dish of scandal affeciinz persons of good I
social position and large means and will I
wag the head and wink the eye at the j
reservation that its truth is as yet un> i
proven. The envious will say that where
there is so much smoke there must be j
some fire, forgetting that the author of :
the smoke is one disreputable editor who, !
with henchmen of his own kidney, stands j
ready to blight the happiness of a family j
that has never injured him id order to
illustrate the new journalism.
Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt re
quire no defense among those who ar<»
acquainted with New York society. There
probably never lived a more modest, un
assuming, unobtrusive couple than they,
nor is there to-day a girl in New York
whose sweet disposition and unquestioned
virtues are more universally admitted
than were those of Miss Grace Wilson.
She was known as a young lady whose
;-ocial charm was set off by a disposition
wnich commanded the admiration and
respect of all. It was not till she fell into
the nanda of Senator Hearst's son nnd his !
man Long Green Lawrence that any one i
dared to sully the purity of her fair fame. !
This is a matter which involves some
thing more than the ethics of journalism.
Mr. and Mrs. Whitney will presently
shake ttie San Francisco dust from the
of their feet and will thank God that
they have got out of a place where news
papers stand ready to blast a lady's char
acter in order to sell a few extra copies.
They will warn their friends to give San
Francisco a wide berth.
When the day comes that a drop in the
circulation of the Examiner in ihe Tender
loin or Tar Flat is eported from the busi
ness office, Long Green and his pals will
search our own society for victims. They
will publish again as they I aye done be
fore, in conspicuous double-leaded para
graphs, vile insinuations against some
honored member of a San Francisco fam
ily, well knowing that such slanders will
sell their paper.
There will be no redress for the victim
of their villainy. The more such stories
are stirred the worse it is for the sufferer.
They will have to bear their agony as best
they can, cursing' their ill-fortune that the
wealth which Senator Hearst accumulated
in this State has come to be used as an in
strument of torture for its citizens.
It takes the commissioners who investi
gated the harbors at San Pedro and Santa
Monica a long tim« to decide between
them, but perhaps they found themselves
In deeper water than was generally sup
posed.
People who can afforu a holiday trip
this week should visit the Sonoma Fair.
Cloverdale is hospitable and never fails to
give every visitor a good show, even when <
she hasn't made a festival and invited
them in.
A Minnesota legislator desires that State
topassabli requiring all retail liquor
dealers to have a transparent glass plate
in tne Tront door of their places ol busi
ness, having inscribed on it the word "Sa
loon" in letters eight inches high, and
under that, in letters of a similar size, the
word "Dangerous!" It w:li be remem
bered there are some people in Minnesota
j who make fun of some people in Kansas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1«, 1897.
AEBITEATIO.N AND BUSINESS-
The advocates of the arbitration trenty
with Greut Britain have not been fortu
nate In the arguments they have selected
to convert tueir opponents. They have
msrie appeals to sentiments which are ihe
outgrowth cf sent montallsm rather than
of any genuine feeling in the hearts of the
people, ami they have endeavored to win
over practical men by appeals to the busi
ness instincts of the country in a way tnat
irriiates thoso higher sentiments which
are genuinely felt.
An illustration of the kind of appeals
made to practical men is iound in ttie fol
lowing statement of the London corre
spond nt of ttie Now York Tribune:
A curious example of the eftect of the Pen
ates action on --lie treaty may bo related on
the authority of a trutstw.rihy American. Ho
lia.i received aumority from America to place
In the Kngiish market $-\f>OO 000 ol street
railway bonds in Akron, Oiiioand Detroit. Aj
securities of thisciasaaro known .o be profit
able investors look-d upon them favcrab.y,
and the promoter seemed likely to dace them
In England. When itie amendments to the
arbitration treaty were reported the English
investors backed out. "Your American Sena
tow lite Mr. Morgan," tbej said, "discourage
us from going into anything American."
Such arguments may have weight in
New Yore and are poss:bly calculated
solely for that market. Such weight as
they have for the country at laree will be
rather a weight that irritates than oue
that overcomes. Very tew Americans out
tide of the dealers in stocks and bonds
will feel inclined to negotiate an arbitra
tion treaty wh'ch may involve a great
National sacrifice sirupiy thai they may
have a chance to sell stocks in London.
If we have to surrender the prestiue of the
Republic in order to maintain the quota
tions of American securities in a foreign
stock exchange then we had better look
for a market for our stocks and bonds at
home and build our railroads, water works
and other enterprises with our own capital.
There is no urgent need on our part for
the proposed treaty of arbitration. It is
one of those subjects on which we can
well afford to make baste slowly. The
Senate has acted i.i full accord with popu
lar judgment in giving the Bubjfct ample
consideration betore approving it. We
shall toon have another administration
in power, and it will be just as well to
leave the settlement of the issue to that
administration. The American people, as
a rule, are in favor of arbitration, but they
are not so much in favor of it as to be
willing to adopt it solely to gratify semi
mentalism or to sell stocks.
GENERAL ALGEB.
The selection of General Alger for the
office of Secretary of War in the McKin
ley Cabinet has given his enemies occa
sion to revive all toe charg' s which were
made against him when he was a promi
nent candidate for the Presidency. It
matters not to these men that the fullest
proo's were given .by General Alger and
his friends of the {alienees of the slanders
ngainst him. They have returned to the
attack with as much malice and ap
parently as much vigor as ever.
Tise charge made against General Alger
is that he left his regiment on the eve of
battle under circumstances which showed
a neglect of duty due to cowardice. To
tnis charge General AUer has repeatedly
replied by quoting his record as a soldier
and warm words of commendation from
his superior officers. Boih the records of
his service and th» praise of his command
ing generals amply attest his courage and
his patriotism, and it is time for bis ene
mies to abandon a charge so effectually
disproved.
General Alger is in fact one of the
volunteers of the war of whom the coun
try has a juit reason to be proud. He
entered the Union army at the outbreak
of hostilities and served wMh one of the
hardest fighting regiments that went to
the front. He saw service with the armies
of the West and also with those of the
Potomac. He was repeatedly promoted
and was several times wounded. These
wounds and promotions prove him to
have been a man of courage and a soldier
of true leadership, for in such armies as
those which toot Dart in the great Civil
War there was no chance for a weakling
or coward to win houor or achieve
eminence.
At the time when General Alger was
breveted first as brigadier and afterward
as major-general of volunteers, there was
no assertion made of any biot or stain
upon his military service. Those honors
were bestowed upon him as a reward for
eminent and conspicuous deeds done on
behalf of the Republic. His old cavalry
commander, General Sheridan, under
whom he served during Grant's campaign
in Virginia, spoke with appreciative
warmth of his service and his patriotism.
These things are beyond gainsaying, and
the brave soldier should be allowed to
enjoy undisturbed the honors he has
attained in civil life as well as the record
he made in the war for the Union.
A Proud Journalistic Eminence
San Francisco Post.
At last a San Francisco journal has reached
the highest summit of distinction. At last
journalism has vindicated its claim to being
the pulpit, the forum and the tribune of iho
people. James J. Corbeti has written a letter
to the San Francisco Examiner from which
the following sentence, conferring a patent of
nobility, is taken:
"And to give thorn also the exclusive privi
lege of taking photoglyphs of me."
The exclusive privilege of rubbing Mr. Cor
bctt'a muscles, of brushing Mr. Corbett's coat,
of combing Mr. Corbett'i hair, of blacking
Mr.Corbetfs boots, might bo the goal of an
ordinary ambition, to be associated in some
official and honorable capacity with Mr. Cor
bett, but it was reserved for journalism to
achieve "the exclusive privilege, of taking
photographs of me."
At last the accumulation of great wealth has
found a glorious vindication. The proprietor
of the Examiner is rich by inheritance. His
father was honored by the people of the State
of California with the high office of a Senator
in Congress. When a tree and happy people
comprising a great commonwealth crown a
man with a high official distinction there is a
true sense in which they coronate hi* char
acter. Commencing life in poverty. George
Hearst achieved financial independence and
ultimately vast wealth through the exerciso
of those value-perceiving faculties of the mind
which, when possessed, place men in the
front rank of their fellows. He struggled up
the steep hill of poverty to the cold solitudes
of the millionaire, and from that lofty emi
nence looked hopelu.ly to the possibilities of
the future achievements of a son who was his
heir and bis hope.
■ Let that son carry the laurels he has won
and place them reverently on the grave of that
noble father. He has .now achiev d the Id*
effable distinction of having "the exclusive
privilege of taking photographs ol me."
A refined, educated, accomplished and in
telligent mother, Illustrating in her life and
character the noble virtues of womanhood,
look* with maternal affection upon the career
of a son with hopeful solicitude. In a spirit
of happiness, born of respect and esteem for
that mother, the people ol California may now
congratulate her. Her ion las acquired "the
exclusive privilege of taking photographs of
me."
for, 10, these many years the proprietor of
the Examiner ha« stood firm;)' by b. s deter
mination to establish a great pubic journal.
Into the channel of this noble enterprise he
has poured a golden utream of wealth. Those
who declared the expenditure foolish and the
undertaking imb. cile stand confused. The
paper has achieved the "exclusive privilege of
taking photographs of me."
Thus a noble nmblliou, a high endeavor, a
splendid enterprise find at last their just re
ward. The champion of the prize ring bends
from the throne of numau brutality and with
smiling condescension p. aces a coronet upon
the head of this hopeful descendant of Senator
Hear»t, upon which is engraven "the exclu
sive privilege of taking photographs of me."
rER O.NAL.
K. Casper of Vallejo is in the City.
11. C. Milligan of New York is here.
F. J. Borges of Yreka is at the Cosmopolitan.
G. 11. Peters, a merchant of Yreka, Is in town.
M.V. Kellogg of Seattle is a late arrival here.
C. A. Griscoin Jr. o* New York la at the Pal
ace.
A. J. Regan of San Luis Obispo is on & visit
here.
Judge S. 8. Soil of Sacramento Is at the
Grand.
J. W. Butterworth of Everett, Wash., is in
the City.
R. Imijuka of Japan is among the arrivals at
tho Palace.
V. Coblenz and Mrs. Coblenz of Seattle are
in the City.
G. W. Jucker of Seattle has arrived here for
a short stay.
A. Pereira and family of Yreka are lit the
Cosmopolitan.
Aucust Ross, a business man of St. Louis, is
on a visit here.
Isaac hi well of Beswlck, Me., was among
yesterday's arrivals. •
F. M. Culver, a business man of Stockton, Is
at the Cosmopolitan.
Theodore B. Wilcox of Portland is here, ac
companied by his family.
George Steward, a mining man of Wallace,
Idaho, is at the Occidental.
A. M. Clark, a mining man of Ainsworth,
British Co.umbla, is in town.
W. W. Williams of water, Nevada, is on a
visa here, and is at the Russ.
John G. Brady, a mining and business man
of Sltka, Alaska, is in the City.
J. L. Story, a business man of The Dalles, on
the Columbia River, is in town.
Joseph Goss», one of the Supervisors of Los
Angeles, arrived here yesterday.
J. N. Wadsworth, a wealthy resident of
Yrekn, is here on a business trip. ISFffij
F. J. Dodge ol Kansas City, special agent of
Wells, Fargo & Co., is at the Grand.
w. H. Pettlt and William E. Child of Boiso,
Idaho, were amons yesterday's arrivals.
David StMrr Jordan, president of the Stan
ford University, arrived here yesterday.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was Paul
F. Mohr of Tacoma, who is at the Palace.
Ex-United States Senator J. N. Dolph of
Oregon arrived here yesterday. He is at the
Palace.
A party consisting of C. A. Howard, Mrs.
Holland and Mrs. Webster of Victoria, British
Columbia, are at the Occidental.
Charles A. Peterson, a mining man of Cool
gardle, West Australia, is among those regis
| tered at the Lick. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Peterson.
L. B. Cox, a well-known attorney of Port
land, formerly a member of the Oregon Legis
lature, is in the City. He formerly practiced
law at Pendleton.
* Sigmond B?el, the widely known violinist,
left last evening on his trip to the East and
Europe. He will probably be gone a year, and
may be longer. A number of Mr. Heel's friends
saw him off.
Harry Payne Whitney and Mrs. Whitney left
yesterday for Monterey, where they expect to
remain out a day or two, and then will go on
to New York. Mr. Vanderbilt lias sent a spe
cial car for them.
J. A. Munroe. general traffic; manager of the
Union Pacific Railroad, will arrive here to-day
in his special car, accompanied by his family.
T. M. Schumacher, general agentof the freight
department here, left last night for Reno to
meet Mr. Munroe.
CALIFORNiANS liN *EW YORK
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 15.-At the St.
Cloud, D. McCutiough; Hoffmitn, A. Esberg;
Sturtevant, A. E. Rix; Murray Hil — J. S. Ellis,
Mrs. L Thorn; Manhattan, J. D. Stewart;
Grand, E. S. Irvine; Continental. A. .aicßean;
Holland— W. P. Scott; Imperial, W. C. Klng«
ley. Mr. Callanan left the St. Cloud to sail on
the Aurani* fur England.
NEWSPAPER rLtAoANTRY.
Some of the paper* are making a fuss over
the furl ih-u the woman's col(e?es are adopt
ing cries. Wei;, what of it? Every woman
ilkes to havo a Rood cry onco in a while.— New
Yoik Advertiser.
•'And yet you once; said that you were dead
in love with me."
"I really thought so at the time, but it ap
pears to have been only a trance."—lndianap
olis Journal.
Maybelle— And why were you present at the
marriage? Were you directly interested in
the evont?
Jack— No, not directly. I wa« merely the
bridegroom.— Philadelphia Bulletin.
The Husband (during the quarrel)— You're
always innking bargain*. Was there ever a
time when you didn't?
T&e Wife— Yes, sir— on my weddiag day.—
Exchange.
AROUN. THE CORRIICRS
R. P. Lathrop ot Hollister, who has resided
in San Benito County tor twenty-one years
and is connected with several important en
terprises, is at the Grand. He says Hollister—
in fuct, San Benito County as a whole — is
unusually prosr erous. The products of differ
ent kinds have been heavy and the money re
ceived from them has lubricated things very
much.
"Hollister is a great center tor different
products." he said. "Twenty years ago there
was shipped out of that place about 3000 tons
ofhavayear. Now from 23,000 to 30 000
tons are being snipped. We send out more
than any other place In the State. It is wheat,
oat and barley hay mainly. There are about
1500 acres of alfalfa, but it is pastured. We
have a large creamery there, and the cows
that supply it are fed on this alfalfa. We take |
in from 5000 to 10,000 pounds of milt a day,
according to thy season of the year. ThiH
creamery is a very important thtng for Hoi lis
ter.
Our efforts in raising sugar beets are alsc
very satisfactory. It is only a little while
since we started In to raising them for dis
position to the Western Beet Sugar Factory at
Watsonville. Tnis year in the San Juan and
HolMstcr valleys we produced 34 000 tons of
these beets. Other farmers are engaging in
the raising of sugar beets also, and the product
hereafter will be blggjr than over.
"We have also this year chopped nbout $40,
--000 worth of green and driea ruit.
"An election ha.% juit been held in Holllster
at which it was decided to exiend the limits
of the town. It lias about 2500 people. On
the 24th we arc to vote on bonds for a com
plete sewer system. We have a fine new water
system. The water come? from a place called
Grass Valley, eighteen miles south of Hivllis
ter. It is very pure and soft.
"Nearly 1700 votes were cast in San Bcnlto
County during the recent Presidential ejec
tion. Estimating live persons for each vota
cast the population would bo 8500.
"We have not felt the hard limes as many
other pi ace» have. Business is good and peo
ple are prosperous."
A COKKECxION.
"Man wants tin: little here below.
And wants :hat little l«t:g."
The savU.g brars the s:am;> of age,
But, none the less, it's wrong.
Thut which man craves most anxiously,
I've uniformly found,
Is r:Ol a lonjj-drawn-oiu sffatr,
But something nearly round.
And every person wants 't from
Toe moment of his b rth:
Tr.e thing hat I'm referring to
Is nothing but the earth.
— C eve:and Leader.
Letters From the People.
POPULISTS UNITED.
TlevoM of Leader? Give Cold. Comfort to
. ttrynniltu.
To the Editor' of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Sir: In ii recent issue of the Examiner I find
these headlines in large type over a letter
signed by J. A. Edge r ton, secretary People's
Party National Committee: "'No Surrender,
Their Motto. Bryan Wing of the Populist
Party Will Remain Steadfast. Decline to Af
filiate With the Middle-of-the-Road Faction."
The letter is addressed to "Hon. George F.
Washburn, Boston, Mass," vice-chairman of
the People's Paity National Committee, In
which Mr. Edgeiton says: "If, as you say, 'you'
do not favor the abandonment of silver,' then
there is no difference between us."
But Mr. Edgerton closes his letter (which, by
the way, is from Lincoln, Nebr., the home of
Bryan) with these significant words: "Your
plan seems to me to foreshadow a practical
shelving of the silver issue by the People's
party. This I shall oppose, even if lam the
only Populist in the United States that does
oppose it." In a word, Mr. Edgerton is a Bry
airz-.. > d Populist and writes with all the assur
ance of the compromising politicians who did
what they could during the last campaign and
will do hat tney can in future to compromise
and then disrupt the People's party. But he
will not make much headway. Mr. Washburn
received other letters, and from the real lead
ers of the party. Let us see what they say.
Senator Allen, also of Nebraska, does not now
seem to be much of a Uryanite. He was chair
man of the National Convention at St. Louis
and is a member of the National Committee.
He gave great offense to strict Populists dur
ing the recent campaign because of his zeal
for Bryan, bin now he says unconditionally:
"The Populist party must march under Us own
' banner. It must not be absorbed by any other
party." He further says: "I am in receipt of
a copy of your appeal to the Populisms of toe
United States," me address which no greatly
disturbed the Bryanite secretary, Mn.Edßer
ton, and what does Senator Allen think of ii?
Hear him: "I have reaa this document very
carefully, and I fully appiove of its language
and policy."
Seuator But'er of North Carolina, chairman
of the People's party National Committee, does
not seem to bo much oi a Bryaniie. He writes
to Mr. Wasbburn: "Allow me to congratulate
you on the address which you have issued. I
agree with you that we should push other
issues to the tront along with the free coinage
of silver. On account of the conduct of the
railroads during the last campaign it seems
to me that the time is ripe to push our trans
portation plank along coldly, side by side
with the financial plank."
In an address issued lust December Senator
Butler said: "If Mr. Bryan desires to head
the reform forces in the next tight he must
do no under some other name than that of
Democrat." "We have done with any man
who treks to lead the people hereafter under
anything tlftt may £ ear the name or bavethe
smirch of ihe word Democrat on it "
* Senator Peffer «aH: "I have no sympathy
Z\ fnr h I"'? 1 ",! 0 P«ty. There Js nothing
eft for us us Populists to do but hold u P our
woe. Principle before policy." Colonel
woe. Principle before policy." Colonel S F
H?t rt ? n « ld , : "There Is no course for Pop*!
hi S i« bC U '* Ure except •»«!*« ahead under
the ban t.er of greenbHckism." Texans were'
not pleased with their great orator, ••Cyclone"
Davis, because of his warm support of Bryan
but ha writes to Mr. Waahburu: "I havuread
your address to our people. It is a strong
paper I indorse the sentiment and tone
fulv.' It came, to-), in exact time." Davis is
not a Bryanite now. Tr MOT*' Ran kin ol th<
National Committee writ-s: "We stand lor
scientific money. I think your appeal excel
lent a >d well-timed"
But I must condense these answers to Mr.
Washburn's app««l. lor there are many oi
them. Dr. C. F. Taylor, editor of the Medical
World, Philadelphia; J. R. Sovereign. National
pres;dentoi the Kniijhtsol Labor; W Morn*
beislK-r, president Cen'ral Bimetallic Leagu ,
Pniladelphia; Major Harvey ot Pensneou.
Fla, strongly uphold independent party no
tion, i ftni s'tnick with a letter fr .m ■ Lm
eom (N br ) del^gnt ■ to the St. L>uls National
Convention, Mr. J rome Shamp. He says:
"Tha position you take in your appeal in de
mandinsr independent party action is heartily
concurred in by myself and thousands of oth
ers in Nebraska. The independent party could
only loan it^ services to the Democrats for m
single campaign. The tune has curne foru*
to retrace our steps. I fiud after carefully
R. P. I.ATHROP.
looking over the field In Nebrask* that the
feeling is very strongly iv favor of indepenJ
ent party action."
It will interest readers of The Call to know
that Whnrton Barker, editor of the Philadel
phia American, one of the oldest and ablest
newspapers in Pennsylvania, wrote as follows
to Mr. Washburn: "I have read with cure
your address. It Is admirable. If the People's
party can be kept to the platform in your open
letter you nee<l not fear for the lesults of tho
elections in 1898 and 1900." The Phi.adel
phia Item is also friendly to the People's party
and is not i:i love with Democracy. But I can
not quote from anyone of forty more letters
at bttnd from prominent Populists. They are
allot one tenor: No alliance with Democracy ;
straight independent party action ; the whole
money question, not the sliver corollary and
the government ownership of railronds, with
the land question in abeyance, but not
Ignored.
I can assure the readers of The Call that
there i* in fact 110 division in the ranks of the
People's p*rty. It is more homogeneous now
than it ever was before. It has a work to do
and it will do it. Joseph Ashvry Johnson.
San Francisco, February 15, 1597.
MONEY AND TAXES.
A J'lta for lieliering Jinnies and Money
of Taxation.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: In order that educa
tion may become plentiful In this State we
have the free, unaectarlan public school sys
tem. In turn there is no tax on it to discourage
it, decrease or destroy it.
The present legislature, in order to further
increase this diffusion of unsectarian educa
lion, has untaxed the great Stanford Univer
sity, a school in all essentials a public one,
except that the State does not pay the bills.
You said in your columns the other day that
by a judicial decision in favor of the banks
the city is apt to lose $200,000 tax money col
lected from the personal property (money) of
the bunks and now in possession of the City.
It appears to me that the City los<»s more
money by taxing the money of the banks than
if it didn't.
To tax anything in this world is to kill it in
proportion as you tax it.
That is the way we get rid of surplus dogs,
you know. The way 10 have no money in this
City and State, and to prevent Investment
from which comes tax revenue, is to put a high
tax on money and hang the man caught with
any. . ; . ?,,
The way to have plenty of money in this
City and State, and upbuild the California re
public generally, is to take the tax off money
and cease pouncing upon the one caught with
it. The only use for money is to assist man in
trading products. Tho use of money is part of
our boasted civilization. It is .ha lilebfood of
the Nation.
To tux money and thus run it out of the City
and Sta.e is a crime against the people greater
than the theft of a few dollars from a private
bank by some poor devil, lor which he gets
many years in San Quentin. &&3gg
To tax money, and make a success of it, as a
source of revenue, has also been a dead fail
ure tor centuries, even when the assessor hod
the right not only to swear bis victim, but to
kill him in his fruitless attempt to compel
him to tell where his money was.
You mentioned one bank that, just before
the assessor got In on that accustomed day—
•'first Monday in March"— deposit out
side the State of nearly $1,500,000 to evade
taxation. There is now a legal squabble as to
whether it was a general deposit of money or
a special deposit of money.
'1 his bank made the mistake of not putting
, its money into Federal bonds for a few days
as is the custom with other banks. It will be
done hereafter. "
Our iriends who are wanting more money
vote a tax on money, decrease what they want
more of, and then themselves pay that tax and
interest on 12? tax. This property doesn't pay
taxes, Me think so. Only consumption does.
Money flows back and forward all over the
Th r - ™i l PA" W^ ere U ? ets tho best returns.
There wou d be plenty of money In California,
there would be no money question in Cali
fornia as is generally known, the money of ll
I the world would pour into California, there
would be an everlasting deman.l for labor fn
Caliiornia, a far greater source to draw tox
revenue from than now, if iha taxes were
tauen off money «nd wo knew more of the
trick of taxation. Respectful
G. A. Hubbell, 12 Eighth street.
PARAGR.PhS AcuUT PEOPLE
The Emperor of Ruesla does not care much
for the bicycle, but his sisters are devoted to
it. He likes lawn tennis better and devotes
niuch time to it in summer at Peterhof.
Intimate iriends of the late Alexander
Dumas fiig hay.' resolved to keep the remem
brance ol the dramatist alive in their minds
by a special dinner every' three months i v
Paris.
It would seem as though Senotor Pritchard
of North Carolina has some claim to being
considered the original McKinky man. He
has a seven-year-old son named after the Ohio
man.
Sir George Trevelyan, member of Parlia
ment for a Glasgow district, who has resigned
his seat owing to ill health, is the author of
the "Life and Letters of Lord MacauUy," Lord
Macaulay having been his uncle.
Large families are the rule rather than the
exception among the Boers; but a certain Su
tanna Joubert of Klipfontein has broken all
records. Siie has had four husbands, aud ocr
livius descendant* number SX*-
A HALF-MILION
AS A MEDICINE
Charles L. Fair Is Off to
Florida in Search of
Health.
Od His Return He Will Be
Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars Richer.
The Bonanzi King's Son Is Frugal of
His Portion in Contrast With
Other Day 3.
That much talked-of young millionaire,
Charles L. Fair, has gone to Florida in
search of health and recreation. When he
returns he will lind just an even hall mil
lion dollars in gold awaiting him.
Young Fair was a passenger on the Sun
set Limited Sunday evening. He was ac
companied by his wife and one servant.
For months past his health, so his friends
say, has not been pood, and in conformity
with a physician's advice the bonanza
king's son has decided to spend a month
or so at Ponce de Leon and other resorts
on the east coast of Florida.
The fortune that will be paid him on .
his return is bis dead brother's portion J
under the terms of his mother's will. It *
lias been lying in the hands of the ex
ecutors, Richard V. Day and John W.
Mackay, since the death of James G. Fair
Jr., awaiting the majority of his sister,
Miss Virginia Fair. That event occurs on
April 1 next and in accordance with the
wishes of Mrs. Theresa Fair the money
will then be formally delivered to him.
As he Das already received a half million
in his own right, it may truthfully be
said that on April 1 next Charles I*. Fair
will be a millionaire, without awaiting tho
distribution of the millions of his dead
father.
With all his wealth young Fair is
frugal. Instead of the protii, ate expendi
tures that marked his earlier years be has
developed an economic tendency that
verges on parsimony. His investments
are now con lined to safe bonds. His dissi
pations now are confined to betting on
horse racing, and he indulges in this to a,
very mild extent. In company with Joe
Harvey be owns a book at the racetrack.
His bets are small, confined to sums rang
ing from $1 to $5, and as he places but few
of them it is safe to say that he is in no
danger of wasting his fortunes along these
lines.
There was a time in the heydey of his
prodigality when the young man was the
owrer of a siring of horses. A year of
this luxury, with the cost of transporting
the animals about entire racing circuits.
East and West, cost him over $100,000.
Nowadays his investments in turf flesh
are confined to a ball interest in three or
four animals at tho Oakland track. They
are good animals, and have more than
paid their expenses, so it may again be
said that the times have changed for thu
son of the millionaire.
The absence of young Fair has no signi
ficance to the suit over the pencil deeds,
which will be called before Judge Slack
on Tuesday next. That case is one be
tween the executors of the estate of James
G. Fair, W. K. Good fellow, James 8.
Angu? and Thomas R. Crothers and Mrs.
Nettie K. Craven. Mrs. Craven, under '
her deeds, lays claim to $1,500,000 worth. |
ol the estate, and it is the executors that
will make the fight against her. The
depositions of the Fair children have al
ready been taken in this action ana they
are anxious that they may not again be
called as witnesses. Mrs. Herman Oel
richs and Miss Virginia Fair are averse to
coming here from New York, although it
may be that under stress of weather their
attorneys may request their presence at
the trial.
As to the probability of the famous case
going on there is considerable speculation.
The Craven interests declare they are anx
ious to try the issue at once. The action
of Judge Carroll Cook in the Cooney case
may, of course, have an important bear
ing. If Cooney is held for trial Mrs.
Craven is still willing, bo she says, to sub
mit her cause to the court. Under the
other hand the Fair people maintain they
are anxious and ready to proceed and as
sert that if there is any postponement it
will be the fault of the other side.
Thus matters stand on the eve of the
opening of the greatest lawsuit In the his
tory of California.
Cream mixed candies 28« lb. Townsend's. •
■ • — ■» «
Special Information daily to manufacture
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery."
• — ♦ — •
Mr. Moody hires Tremont Temple, Boston,
on his own account, and takes up a collection
at each meeting to defray the expense. The
collections, however, do not meet the rent.
" The Overland Limited "— Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Union Pacific is the only line running Pull
man doable drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogdeu to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. I). W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, San Francisco.
« » »
"Thb •Delineator" for March now ready.
This great fashion magazine, the best of all, is re
plete with iniortuaiion recording present and In- '
coming styles. tuDscriptlon price 81. Single 4
copies 15c. Butterlck patterns, spring styles. Sen>i A
for fashion sheet and catalogue free. Tne But
terlclc Publishing Company (.Limited), 124 Post
street, San Francisco.
• — • — ■
SUFFERERS JKOM COUGHS, SORE THROAT, etc.,
should be constantly supplied with "Brown*
Bronchial Troche*." Avoid imitations.
Avkr's Hair VUor Is the best preparation
which can be obtained for removing dandruff, and
curing humors or the scalp.
• — ♦ ♦
Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria is having
his portrait painted by the Viennese artist,
Eluard Horowitz. . He sits for the artist in tho
Historical Art Museum, where the directors,
office has been fitted up for the purpose.
SEW TO-DAY. Z/> : "
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
CelPbrHed for ure-l .eav". ..l a • strength and
hoalthlulness. Assures the lood **», n alum m,i
an^rorms 61»a4uli«ratioa common "o iho choll#
jtavAi bakisq i'OWDIUt Co. KewyoifcTI'KsDAV FKBttUARY 18, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
. " Baldwin* Theater -"My Lord and Some La-
dies.'
• California Tiieaieb.- "Cinderella."
Columbia Titkatkr thlnunie Fuel den.'
. SJof.oscosOi'kra-House.- Out in the Streets"
.Alcazar Thblatkr a Scrap of Paper. •
•,, TIVOII Opkra House.— -Aladdin; or, The
V otulerful Lamp.
. O^PHErM.-Uigh-ciass Vaudeville.
• SCTfco liATun-Bntliiiig and I erformances.
if" 1 "."?, HUlt ' B AND Skatino • Kink— at
Uaiglu street, one block east of the I'arlc.
.. La*. La.nd lUcf Track — *Kac»s to-day.
ALLIIOiN iALbS.
rv Chas. Lkvy & Co.— This day, February 16.
furniture at taltsrooiu, Hb6 Market B trttl,a"l 10
■ i dock.
. _ By P. J. Farth— This day. Fpbrnarv 16. Bam
. boo Goods, at 908 Larkiu St., at 2 nnd 7:30 p. if.
By J. H. LiuTHoi.TZ.~ This day, February 16.
Groceries, etc., atli>a4-38 Pacific St., at 11 o'clock.
• I v IBANK \V. kVT-iKunr.i,T>— This day, Keb-
, nißry 16, Restaurant, a: 417 Front street, at 11
o. clock.
. By. Yon Rhkin & Co.— Thursday, February 25,
Feal Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
at IS o'clock.
■ 'By Uadibok A Burke— Wed nosday. February
24, Heal Kstate, at Salesroom, 6»15 Market street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Six suit* for divorce were filed in the County
Clerk's office yesterday.
Judge Wallace is hearing the trial of Martin
Boyle, charged with murder.
The Odd Fellows of the City will not take
part in the Golden Gate carnival.
• Showers to-day with brisk winds is what the
•weather office intends to furnish.
The Bear Club has formulated a plan for the
reorganization oi the Republican party.
Arthur O' Bradley, an olfi-tirae water front
Character, died In the Alinshouse yesterday.
• Mary hemdorf has been granted r divorce
fro:;i Heinrich Ilemdorf, for willful desertion.
The Congregational Church Extension So
ciety held a meeting and elected directors last
evening.
Christian pastors discussed the coming prize
fight yesterday and expressed strong views on j
the subject.
The infant son of E. W. Perkins was acci
dentally smothered to death in its bed early
yesterday morning.
v. . W. Allen Sr., D. Gilbert Dexter and others
have organized the Citizens' Municipal Alli
ance of s>an Francisco.
Marjone, Suisun, Wheel of Fortune, Ostler
Joe, Lylight and Summertime won race 3at
Emeryville track yesterday.
The many hundred Chinese gamblers ar
rested Saturday night propose appealing to the
Supreme Cdun for protection.
Stewart Menzies is named as Harbor Com
missioner, to succeed I>. T. Cole. It is said that
he will take office next month.
The charge of embezzlement against W. A.
Speake, cashier at trie Atlas Iron Works, was
dismissed by Judge Low yesterday.
President David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University lectured on the fur seal at the
Academy of Sciences last evening.
W. G. Fleming, charged with obtaining
meney by false pretenses, wr.s acquitted by a
jury In Judge Dunne's court yesterday.
The Presbyterian pastors yesterday passed
resolutions regretting the action of California
wheelmen in advocating Sunday racing.
A. J. Mailer has suea the Sutro Uai'road
Company ior $5000 damages, on account of
Injuries received on the 14th of last
November.
The Butler extradition case was up before
' Commissioner Heacock yesterday, and United
Stmes District Attorney Foote denounced
Butler's attorney.
Judge Coffev yesterday granted the motion
of Attorney E. C. Harrison to set aside the
decree o: distribution in the estate of Emmet
51. Hickey, deceased.
The handsome Hawaiian steamer Helen© Is
loading at Pacific-street wharf tor H>noiulu.
She was dying yesterday the largest flai ever
set on a vessel's staff.
Mrs. .Robert Stewart, who says she is the
wife of a Ch'.co dentist and daughter oi a
clergyman, whs arrested at the Emporium for
. shoplifting yesterday.
H. E. S mmons has sued the Stanislaus and
San Joaquin Water Company for $2083 33,
alleged to be due for salary as president of the
defendant corporation.
■ James Daly, a dishwasher, identified the
accused murderer* of "Little Pete" yesterday
during their hearing in the Police Court pre
liminary examination.
The members of the Bay Conference yester
day discussed the question of what denomi
national body .shall decide the standing of
Congregational ministers.
A subterranean cavern in the San Bruno
hills burst on Saturday last, sending a column
of water high into the air, that broke, leveling
fences and destroying crops.
More than fifty citizens have agreed to serve
■ .on the Mayor's committee to organize a
• Cuban League to work in conjunction with
Gimiiar leagues on the coast.
Mrs. Florence Shafer, 307 Turk street, swore
to a complaint yesterday charging Mrs. Doyle,
• 3017 Washington street, with beating her with
an umbrella Sunday afternoon.
Charles B. Harkins, the grafter who swindled
•T. E. Ulomross, a ship's carpenter, out of $20,
has disappeared, and Judge Low yesterday
issued a bench warrant for his arrest.
Mayor Phelan gave $250 to the unemployed
relief fund yesterday and has called a meeting
. of the municipal authorities and others to dis
cuss the situation to-morrow afternoon.
Rev. J. H. Smith is conducting revival eer
• vices at Central M. E. Chuich this week daily
at 2 and 7:30 r. m. There will be an all-day
meeting to-morrow, beginning at 9:30 a., m.
The members of Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church, on Twenty-first and Cappstreots, pro
pose to erect a monument in Cypress Lawn
over the remains of their late preacher, Rev.
M. F. Colburn.
Victor A. Wolff, a New York drummer, who
was brought from Fresno Sunday and locked
up in the City Prison, had two more charges
of obtaining money by false pretenses booked
against him yesterday.
■ Captain W. L. Merry denies a telegraphic
announcement from Washington to .he effect
mat he Intends to appeal against the appoint
went of E. CalJeron as his successor as Nica
raguan representative at this port.
The Southern Pacific Company has filed in
the United States Circuit Court a till of ex
ceptions to the answer of the Riilroad Com
missioners in- the action In equity that the
company brought against the officials.
t B. Bolinaro, the shoe dealer on Montgomery
■ avenue who was held last week by Judge
Campbell to answer before the Superior Court
on the charge of secretly disposing of his
stock to defraud his creditors, wos yesterday
held on a charge of obtaining zoods by false
pretenses.
What will California do as her share toward
alleviating the bal condition of the starving
millions now in India, is a question before the
Chamber of Commerce of tnis City now that
liberal contributions of coin are assured from
btates where the best of corn can be supplied
at fs>4 a ton. "
t.«£?h! 7 U M. , a 8 i , en J U(i gment against
Isnbella J. Martin in favor of the following
2i"£fn«. re in >t f Ors: Pfl . C ,'. fic I>aviu * Company for
183 08; in favor of V. Schuller for $3007 43:
in ,' V r "I- I .'-'" '"ma Saving* and 1 n»r. So .
ciety for $6502 30. The real esiat^of Mrs
Martin l. ordered sold, the rplSi, if any to
go to the defendant. ■*•
David Reed, first mate of the ship Bnbcock
was before United States Circuit Court Com
missioner Heacock yesterday on a Th» r »o»
brutally besting ana wounding . sailor h/topH
William Percival. Several witnesses testified
that the mate struck the sailor with a belay
ing pin. 'ihe case will go on to-morrow after-
The Supreme Court yesterday held that
Eugene Bosquet was justly ana leeally en
tenced to five years in the penitentiary tor
. Tiolating that statute which provides that any
man is guilty of a felony who by force fraud
Intimidation, threats, persuasion, promises or
any other means, places or leaves or permits
his wife to remain in a house of improper
character. Bosquet Had appealed from a Sac
ramento court, but no error could be found in
■ the judgment.
A meeting of the Anti-Saloon League was
held yesterday at which Professor W. H. Crow
hum moved that each local league- should
have representation by at least one member
in the central league. At the motion of Mrs.
I Rose Frencn the following standing commit
te <■• were appointed: Agitation committee-
Rev. M. P. Boy n ton, Mrs. EL H. Luce, Mrs.
Bom French, Rev. Robert Wbitaker; enforce
ment committee— Rev. S. W. Ferguson, Judge
Thompson, Rev. W. A Gardener; finance com
mittee—l. J. Truman, Rev. P. W. Frederick*;
enrollment committee— Professor Crowhurst,
Bey. G. E. Duncan.
■ • — « — •
Trunks Moved 25 CentH.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Suttcr st
Tel. main 40. Furniture moved reasonably.*
THE MAYOR AIDS
THE UNEMPLOYED
He Contributes a Large
Amount to the Relief
Fund.
T..e Organization Almost Unani
mously Appoints Him
Treasurer.
A Municipal Conference Ca'led for
To Morrow Afternoon to Dis
cuss Relief.
The permanent organization of the un
employed, which was established a few
days ago, made definite progress yester
day and, thanks to the generosity of Mayor
Pheian, secured the nucleus of a fund
which will be judiciously applied to the
amelioration of distress.
It was originally proposed that the re
lief committee should wait upon the Mayor
and the Board of Supervisors as a body.
but that programme was subsequently
modified and the chief executive received
the delegation privately. He gave careful
attention to its representatives and prom
ised to confer with the tinance committee
and the ijoar.i with a view to determining
upon some feasible course of action. He
assured the members of the delegation of
his cordial sympathy, as a tangible evi
dence of which he contributed a check for
j $250 out of bis own pocket, in response to
i the appeal of the soliciting committee.
Tne organization at a second meeting in
the Turk-street temple appointed the
Mayor an honorary member of the execu
tive committee, which was considerably
enlarged, aiid treasuier of the funds of
the organization. The meeting then ad
journed to assemble agaiu this afternoon
at 1 o'clock.
Chairman LefTingwell called the organi
zation to order yesterday and briefly re
viewed the situation. He noted with sat
isfaction the increase in Ike attendance
and determination.
After the reports of previous meetings
had been adopted the relief committee
presented the following report on
finances". Subscriptions solicited, $31;
cash paid in of that amount, $1»>; balance
\ uue, |15; expenses, $2; menl tickets. $5;
total, $7; balance on hand, $!t.
The chairman stated that the meal tick-
I ets were iurnshed to those in ab:>oiute
j need, and that the committee on head
-1 quarters had not yet decided upon any
j particular building, but was considering
the offer of one locutea on Howard street.
While the committee had not encoun
tered any exce-sively philanthropic peo
ple, it had received encouraging assur
ances of assistance in every direction. He
I had it on the authority of Supervisor De
lanoy that the board was contemplating a
project whereby the unemployed might
be put to work.
It was suggested that precautionary
measures should be taken to prevent nn
pos.ors obtaining money in the name of
the organization. The chairman, lion
j ever, assured the meeting that the mem
) bers of the commitiee were supplied with
the necessary credentials.
On motion, a statement prepared by tbe
committee, for presentation to t!ie Mayor
and the Board of Supervisors, was read by
the secretary. It set forth that there was
undisputed distress in the City, and that
the unemployed had no means of afford
ing alleviation. Proper investigation
would prove that this state of affairs was
not due to the unemployed themselves,
i who were only too anxious to obtain work
! without having recourse to charity. That
co many helpless women and chidren
should be subjected to such dire conditions
I was too horrible to contemplate and a dis
i grace to society and civilisation. The or
j gainziition asked for immediate aj-is:
--| ance, and petitioned the Mayor and the
j board to take some decided action with
I reference to the condition ot the unera-
I pioyed. The report was adopted.
Those present, to the number of at lea«t
1 200, then lined up four abreast and
marched in procession to the City Hall,
where the Mayor at once accoraed the
committee is. hearing. The rest of the
j crowd remained in the main corridor un
; derthe eagle eye of an officer. The Mayor
read the foregoinj: statement and listened
i to the verbal representations of individual
members of the committee. Rogers ex
| plained that the unemployed had searched
i vainly for work and that they were just
j now in need of ready money to provide a
I distributing station for supplies.
The Mayor replied that the City its?ll
! had no employment for them, but prom
i is^-d he wou.d confer with the finance !
I committee and the Board of Supervisors
j aad see what could be done. The City
I might be able to provide some building in
j a central location for the housing of the
homeless and the distribution of supplies.
; He understood and fully believed that it
was not charity, but employment, that
tbey wanted.
It wa« at this juncture that he contrib
uted the check for $250 as his share
I toward the rel.ef fund. He nftorwari
• asked if any of them had investigated the
! industrial plan of Mayor Pingree of Di-
I troit, for details of which he had already
i written. In Boston, he continued, they
I were cultivating vacant lots, and were said
j to be making $2 50 a day wages. If a small ■
fund could be raised here to keep the
laborers until they hud obtained some re
turn, it might be po^ible to cult.vate
! vacant lot* near the Park, as was done
i eight or ten years ago, and a night service
! of carscou d. perhaps, be put on toconvey
I lreif.'htto the public market. This plan
j would certainly compete with Italian
gardeners, but what tnen? The measures
taken were only temporary; something
j permanent should be done. *
"I am glad, however," the Mayor said,
"to have met you. I will see the Finance
Committee, the Associated Charities and
Mr. Fi zgerald. We will put our heads
i together and see what steps can be taken.
! I know that the board has no funds, and
| it isforb dden to devote moneys to any
jother purpose than that authorized by
i law." In conclusion, be advise I them to
continue the solicitation of private sub
scriptions, and requested the relief com
mittee to meet him again at noon on
Thursday, when he would let them know
what had be-n decided by the board.
Tbe organization having reassembled in
the Turk-street temple, Chairman L^ffing
weil reported tbe result of the interview,
which was received with cheers and a
hearty vote of thanks tendered the Mayor
[ for his generous donation and Kindly re
ception.
On Fobe's motion the relief anil head
quarters committees were constituted a
single executive committee, with the ad
dition of the following four names: Messrs.
Luke, RooJtvitrh, Grimmer and Sevil.
The press of the City was thanKed for
th- impartial manner in which it had
treated the cause of the unemployed.
James Munn here suggested the advisa
! bility of placing the funds in safe keeping.
tie had no intention, be said, of reflecting
upon the integrity of the committee, but
did not think it wise to expose its mem
bers to temptation. "Poverty, you know,"
said JUunn, "knows no law."
J. A. Rogers resented the suggestion as
unwarrantable stultification of tno author
ity of the committee, but the general
sense of the meeting was otherwise ex
pressed after a stormy discussion which
threatened to imperil the cordial relations
hitherto prevailing. Mayor Pheian was
appointed, on division, honorary member
and treasurer of the executive committee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
The meeting adjourned to meet again at
1 o'clock this afternoon, when arrange
ments will be made for a street parade.
Mayor Ptielan on talcing leave of the
relief committee lost no tlnia in carrying
out his promise, and immediately ad
dressed the following note to all of the
editors of the City papers; to Mrs. A. W.
Flint of the Associated Charities; to the
three members of the .Park Commission,
Scott, Austin and Rosenfeld; to the Labor
Commissioner, K. L. Fitzgerald; to
Captain A. E. Reddy, Superintendent of
the Almshouse; to the Finance Commit
tee and the members of the Board of
Supervisors:
San Francisco, Feb. l. >, 1897.
Dear Sir: I will be p.ea>ed to have you at
tend a conference at this office on Wednesday
next at 4 p. m. to devise ways and means of
procuring work for the unemployed. If you
cannot come kindly send a representative. I
will be obliged if you will give this your per
sonal attention. Very respectfully,
James I). Phelan. Mayor.
Some Subscriptions.
The following donations have been
made to the unemployed:
J. D. Phelan. $250; John D. ifiebe, $10; R-
D. Whelan. $10; James N. Block, $5; A. L.
Widber, $5; San Francisco New« Company,
50c; Miss McCormick, tickets to a rooming
house of seven furnished rooms each one
good for one week. . F. A. Rogers, Chairman.
PEINCIFALS SQUINTED.
They Were T»kl >g a LpHson In tho
Testing of .School-Childrcii'« Eyes.
The principals of the public schools
took their first lesson yesterday in the
art of determining what sort of eyes the
many thousands of pupils under their
care possess. The principals were gath
ered In the board meeting-room of the
Board of Education to the number of
fifty or more. W. D. Fennimore, who is
the vice-president of the California
Optical Company, was present to teach
them how to test the children's eyes.
Before Mr. Fennimore opened up his
explanation School Superintendent Bab
cock made a brief statement that it was
necessary that borne one should explain
the use of c arts with letters upon them,
and said that he had no personal prefer
ence concerning ttie se'ection of any per
son to do this work.
The whole came about through a reso
lution adopted recently by the Board of
Education. Physicians have been exam
ining the eyea of children to some extent
in the public schools. There was some
talk about this, and the board at its last
meeting barred the physicians out. The;i
Superintendent BabcocH gent out a notice
for the meeting of yesterday and the
teachers gathered.
Mr. Fennimore had a chart upon which
were graded letters in rows. With this he
proceeded to test the vision of the teach
ers while he talked to them. Some of the
teachers speedily developed the lact that
they could not make out the letters at a
distance of a few feet. A series of squints
were developed, an inspection of which
would have delighted the infantile mind
exceedingly. Durjrn: t:ie proceedings the
teacbers asked many que-stions.
LIST DANCE BEFORE LENT
The Monday Night Class
Clcses a Successful
Season.
Mcsicale for tbe Ben fi'. of th
French Church en Friday
Evning.
The last dance of the Monday Night
Class before tho Lenten season was held
last evening nt Go den Gate Hall, and was,
like its predecessors, a brilliant success. ■
In honor of the final meeting the deco
rations of the hall were somewhat more
elaborate, but the same general effect of
artistic simplicity that has characterized
all the dances of this class wa-; main
tained.
There were fully 200 dancers on the
floor. Mrs. Captain Taylor, Mrs. Carolan,
Mrs. Srnedberg, Mrs. Southard Hoffman,
Mr*. .McN'utt, Mrs. Thomas Breeze, Mrs.
T. 0. Van Ness, Mrs. Sidney If. Smith,
Mrs. Williaro Gwin Jr., Mrs. George I'ope,
Airs. OsßOod Ho< ker and M r?. Wintrop E.
bester, the patronesses of the club, formed
the reception committee.
The Monday Night Class was organized
two seasons ago, and was an immediate
success. Tne dances, which are held
once a month, are purely invitation.il,
cards of admission being issued by the
patronesses. It is probable that the'Mon
(l ij N'ipht Ciass may give a dance during
Easter tide.
The Misses Alicf and Bnssie Ames have
been working hard for the cause of char
ity, and are arranging for a musical soiree
for the benefit of the French church, to be
held on Friday evenine, at the residence
of Mr?. Marshall, 1520 Clay street. The
Misses Ames will be assisted by excellent
local talent, including Mist Caroline
Little, who is down on the programme for
several vocal selections, and Miss Joseph,
whowili preside at the piano. L. Leroy
and H. Pappelland, the French bicyclists,
who are touring the world on their wheels,
will be present, and will tell some of their
most interesting experiences.
NOTHING IN THE CASE.
The Charge of Embezzlement Against
W. A. Speake l>i*ml*sed.
The case of William A. Speake, for
merly employed with the Atlas Iron
Works and arrested on a charge of em
bezzlement, was dismissed yesterday
morning by Judge Low.
It was shown after an exhaustive invest
igation of the company's books that the
system of bookkeeping in use had been
responsible for t charge brought against
Speake. Frank Lester, superintendent of
the works and one of the partners, ap
peared and asked for the dismissal, which
was promptly granted. •
Mr. Speake when arrested cave the name
of Spencer in an effort to avoid nndue
publicity, and it was shown that this was
his only motive In offering the name.
A FREE i-XHIBIi OF DRAWINGS.
The Orleinal* of Many Well-Known
M n«l Striking Advertising Sketches
'■ ; yV- Will Be Exhibited.
An exhibit of advertising sketches that
have appeared in the local papers at
various times during the past year will be
held in the Easterbrook building, 20-24
Geary street, next Friday and Saturday,
day and evening. The exhibit will be free
to the public and will be especially in
teresting to business men. The display
will include drawings in black and white
and in colors, with reproductions in all
stages of development loaned by Wilder &
Co., the advertising specialists.
Decision on Chattel Mortgage.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed down
a decision to the effect that a mortgage on a
flock of sheep does not, unless explicitly so
stated in the agreement, include the wool
ihat may be grown or the lambs that may be
born during tho time the mortgage is running.
The case in point arose from a suit by tde Fir«i
National Bank of Santa Ana against Erreca &
liunandeguy to foreclose a chattel mortgage
it held on 2330 sheep since January IS, 1 Si»4
In April. 181)5, the defendants had hold to
Brmch.l 14.000 pounds of wool from these
sheep, and in May, 1895, had gold to
Cn.sson 815 lambs that had i^een born after the
mortgage was executed. The Superior Court
held that the wool and the lambs thus sold
were covered by the mortgßge, and rendered
judgment directing their sale, aruschi and
I Casson apreuled from this decision and the
j Supreme Court has found that the lower court
erred.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Caetoria.
HER CLOAK HAD
TWO BIG POCKETS
And Both Were Full When
She Was Taken in
Charge.
Mrs. Robert Stewart Accused cf
Shoplifting at the Em
porium.
She Says She Is the Wife of a Cbico
Dentist and Daughter of a
Clergyman.
A respectable-looking woman, wearing
an elegant fur-trimmed velvet cloak and
carrying with her enough stuff to start a
dry-goods store, was arrested at the Em
porium yesterday for shoplifting. the
was seen to act peculiarly, and was taken
into an anteroom to be searched. Then it
was found that the elegant velvet cloak
had more possibilities than at first seemed
MRS. ROBERT STEWART, Who Was Arrested at the Emporium
for Shoplifting.
probable, for it contained several articles
of considerable value, taken from the
counters of the Emporium.
The lady carried in her hand a small
accordion basket, and that, too, was full
of miscellaneous articles, most of which
were identitiad aa coming from Hale
Bros.'.
The woman gavo the name of Mrs.
Robert Stewart, and said she was the wife
of a dentist of Chico and daughter of Rev.
Mr. Hutchinson, once of this City, but
now living in Humboldt.
Officers Green and Allea of Harry
Morse's detective agency, who are on {
duty at the Emporium for just such a pur- j
pose as they fulfilled yesterday, saw Mrs.
Stewart acting rather strangely, and they
watched her. Ehe was seen to pick up a
feather boa valued at $7 50, and conceal it
beneath her cloak. Then she went to the
veil counter, and before long a veil fol
lowed ths boa under the cloak. Then she
started to leave the store, but the officers
stopped her, and she was taken aside to
be searched. Then it was found that the
line velvet cloak had two large pockets,
one on each side, and in these rested the
veil, the feather boa and other articles.
The lady was cool and collected, but did
not try to explain where or how she ob
tained the things except that she came by
them honestly.
From the pockets in her cloak and
from the basket she carried were taken
the leather boa and the veil alrea ty men
tioned, a laundry-book, two valentines, a
small boa, a tracer, 9 7 # yards flannelettes, (i |
yards of flannel, all known to have come
from the Emporium; apiece of tapestry
silk, 2?% yards of silK, a drab dress int
tern, 7 yards of muslin, a set of ladies'
shirtstuds, l} 4 doz^n fancy buttons, 7
large penrl buttons, 4 pieces of whalebone
casings, n bunch of whale one, a lot of
fancy trimmings, a fancy hairpin, a bunch
ol feathers, 1)4 dozen common buttons, 2
thimbles, a wutchguard, a schoolbag and
a bit of chiffon. These came from Hale
Bros. Then there were a piece oi toilet
soap, 2 bottles of cough mixtures and
some tooth- powder, supposed to have been
taken from some luckless drugstore.
The articles found were all kept as evi
dence, and the lady herself was put under
lock and key at the Southern station.
Mrs. Bte wart was seen later in the City
Prison. She at first felt disinclined to
talk on the ground that fhe was very
sicit, but finally she gave her version of
the nrrest.
"I had been dealing with the Emporium
very frequently," she said, "and went
there this alternoon with a friend. My
friend told me that she bad lost her
feather boa, and after she left me I saw a
boa on the counter that I thougnt was the
one she lost. I picked it up and put it in
my pocket. Then 1 mtde my purchase of
a veil and was taking it to the office to
pay for it when a man tapped me on the
shoulder and said be wanted to search me.
"I then discovered there was a tag
marked $7 75 on the boa, which made it
look bad lor me. 1 did not steal any arti
cles, but 1 do not care to Fay more till I
see my attorney in the morning."
Mrs. Stewart said she had been in the
City for lour months at a medical insti
tute for her hralth. Her husband and
her little boy were in Chico. She did not
want them to know of her arrest.
"LITTLE PETE'S" SLAYERS.
Partial Preliminary Examination of
Two of the Accused Highbinders.
There was a bit of preliminary hearing
again yesterday before Judge Joachimsen
in the raatler of Wing Bing and Chin i*oy,
the two Chinese who are accused of hay
ing assassinated Fong Chang, better
Known as "Little Pete."
The evidence was the same in the main
a 9 was given before the Coroner's jury at
the inquest.
James Daly, a dishwasher, living at 933b
Jacbson street, and whose homeward route
leads him d:ti;y past the scene of the
murder, testified that he was almost oppo
site the barber-shop where the shooting
occurred. He heard four or five shots and
ob-erved two Chinamen running from the
place and down the street to Waverly
place, where they disappeared in a dark
corridor.
The witness identified the prisoners at
the bar as tne men he saw leaving Ross
aliey shortly before the shooting occurred
and as tiie fugitives after the shooting.
T. Seno, a Japanese servant, whose
place of employment is at 1319 Pine street,
corroborated the testimony of James Daly,
but he was quite weak upon cross
examination. The defense held to him
with tenacity as offering a main point,
the only one in fact that the defense
found in the testimony produced to date.
The witness was utterly unable to identify
the defendants, although he hna testified
to having ieen them run away immedi
ately after the shooting.
Tne prosecution explains that the lack
of a proper Japanese interpreter in the
Police Courts was the cause ot Seno's ap
parently contradictory answers.
George Welch and E C. Robinson, the
two police officers who captured the de
fendants after the murier, told of the
affair in detail and the case was continued
until thelSih inst.
SIGNAL COKFS.
It Elects a Captain and Flrit lieu
tenant.
The election for captain of the Signal
Corps of the Second Brigade, to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of Cap
tain George C. Uoardman on the 14th of
last January, wus held last night in the
company's quarters in the armory of the
Nationals on Ellis street.
The election was presided over by Major
Charles J. Evans of the Second Brigade
stpff. There was but one candidate, Lieu
tenant Philip J. Perkins, and he was
unanimously chosen to fill the vacancy.
The new captain, who is very popular
with the men of his command, entered
the service sis a private of the Signal Corps
of the Second Brigade on the 27th of
June, 1889, was promoted corporal, ser
i grant, first sergeant, then lieutenant and
j now captain of the corps, which is ad
mitted on all sides to b« the "cracker
jack" company ol the brigade.
Tliere was also an election for lieuten
ant, caused by the promotion to the cap
taincy of Lieutenant Perkins. The most
prominent candidate was Corporal Lester
Hughes, who was unanimously elected.
There were thirty-four members present,
and after the meeting an adjournment
! waa taken to the restaurant, where a con-
I vivial time was passed.
A SMART DRUMMER.
Victor A. Wolir Will Iluvo to Answer
Three Charge* of Obtaining Money
by I ale Pretenses.
Victor A. Wolff, a drummer, who was
brought from Fresno on Sunday by Ser
geant Duncan to answer a charge of ob
! taining $150 by false pretenses from Gus
tave Pel.zer, winegrowers' agent, at 525
Front street, on January 2G by means of a
worthless draft on New York, baa two
other charges booked against him at the
City Prison yesterday for a similar offense.
The complaining witness was Benjamin
Lewis, an attorney in the Milis building,
and Joseph M inner of the Occidental res
taurant, 327 Bush street.
Eleven years ago Wolff obtained $150
from Attorney Lewis by means of a worth
less draft on New York. Lewis did not see
Wolff attain till January 2G, and he imme
diately swore to a warraut for Wolff's ar
rest. "Wolff had become acquainted with
Peltzer wulle taking his njc.ilsat Manier's
restaurant, and on January 26 he-got Pelt
zer to indorse a iirait for $150 and Munier
to do the same thine, both of which he
cashed and disappeared.
Wolff was arrested in Los Angeles on
complaint of a saioon-keeper in Fresno
for beating him out of $100. He was taken
there, but the Fresno autiiorities turned
him over to the police here.
l'pworth Social.
There will be a Martha Washington tea and
social, followed bf an illustrated lecture on
"Picturesque California," on the 22d lnst. at
Epworth M. E. Church at the corner of Twenty
s.xth and ChcatnuL sirtets.
rrw to-day.
HIM t MIMX
successors to HIRSCn & KAHX,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Qoods i Photo Snpplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building.
tTNEQUALED FACILITIES FOR THE
PKOPKK FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
TAKES EXCEPTIONS
Declines to Acknowledge
the Commissioners'
Charges.
The Assessment Matters Should
Not Be in the Latter's
Answer.
ABU Filed to Preserve the Rail
road's Rights in the Big Grain-
Action.
The Southern Pacific Company's attor
neys, John Garber, E. S. Pilisbury and J.
E. Foulds, yesterday filed in the United
States Circuit Court a bill of exceptions
to the Railroad Commissioners' answer in
the equity suit of the Southern Pacific
versus the Railroad Commissioners.
A copy of the bill of exceptions was
served upon Attorney-General Fitzgerald.
It was the last day on which such a bill
could be filed, but the railroad people had
no intention of letting the matter pass
without exceptions to the Commissioners'
answer. To have done so would, to a cer
tain extent, have been admitting allega
tions they had no intention of admitting.
This is but another feature growing out
of the important 8 per cent grain rate
action. la every execution, of which
there are fifty, the claim set up is that
the statement complained oi is not perti
nent to the case in question, and should
be stricken from the Commissioners'
answer.
The first exception is to the defendants in
their answer annexins copies of "the pre
tended leases mentioned in the bill and
copies of the respective modifications
thereof made from time to time, which
said copies are marked respectively from
A to N."
The second exemption was to the Com
missioners' answer that in 185*4 the Soutn
ern Pacific Company agreed with Sir
Rivers WiJson, the representative of the
European itockfcolders of the Central
Pacific, that it would pay the European
stockholders a dividend of 1 per cent per
annum until the Central Pacific's debt
had been fixed with tne United States
Government ; that the dividend amounted
to $072,000 a year and that the payment
waa kept a s»ecret by the Southern Pacific
Company.
The principal exceptions dealt with the
matter of assessing the railroad's property.
In the Commissioners 1 answer they
showed that they wanted to bind the rail
road company to the statements sworn to
by General Manager A. N. Towne, instead
of accepting the valuations placed on the
property by the Assessors of the various
counties in which the railroad company
owns property. In other words, the Com
missroners wanted the same valuation put
upon the railroad's property for rate mak
ing as it was rated for taxation.
The first in this line of exceptions is to
that part of the Commissioners' answer
which states that in 1894 A. N. Towne
gave the Board of Examiners the valua
tion of the Central Pacific's roadbeds, roll
ini: stock. ct<\. at $8,702,071, and steamers
at £224.139, and that the assessed values by
Ccunty Assessors for the property was
15,292 759. making a little less than $15,
000,000, and that the company is estopped
from having its rates fixed on any other
basis than that fixed by Mr. Towne.
The same line of exceptions is made
with reierence to the Commissioners' an
swer relative to the assessments on the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California, the California Pacific Railroad
Company, the Northern Railway Com
pany, tne .Northern California Company
and the South Pacific Coast Railway, in
which tlje valuations by A. N. Towne and
the County Assessors on roadbeds, roll
ing stock, steamers and other properties
are itiven.
The company aIBO considers as not per
tinent to the issue the Railroad Com
missioner's quoting the sections of tne
statutes relative to the taxation of property
and applying the same to the foregoing
cases. Another matter that the company
believes should be eliminated from the
Commissioners' answer is the statement
"that it is notoriously true" that the rail
road company has paid large sums of
money to politicians and others to in
fluence tne various officials of the State
and Federal Governments to secure special
favors, etc.
Still another matter to which exception
is taken is the assertion that many of the
supplies of the Southern Pacific Company
are drawn largely from subsidiary compa
nies and from its own officers aiid stock
holders.
Apparently there was one thorn in the
railroad company's side that pricked a
little more than some of the others, and
that was the assrrtion in the answer
which says: "And in this behalf these de
fendants aver that the only principle
wtiich has governed the complaint in this
respect to said rates was to charge as
SEW TO-DAT.
Keep-On trying all the
flavors of Schilling's Best,
and getting your money
back if you don't like them,
until you strike the one that
pleases you.
If you are used to Oolong
we don't expect you to like
Japan— though some people
like every flavor of Schil-
ling's Best.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 557
HEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB .
WINTER MEETING. 1896- 1 97
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. '20. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. ;V
.Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Uhursdajr, Friday and Saturday.
Bain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY".
—Races Start ac a: 15 P. M. Sharp — -
Ferry Boats leave san Francisco at 12 11. ant
12:30, ] .00, 1 :J», 2:00, 2:80 and 3 P. . M.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy jour ferry tickets to (suell Wound.
Returning— Trains leave the Tract at 4:15 ami
4:45 p. si. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JK, .President.
R. B. MILKOY. Secretary. Sv&s*&
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally From 7A.U, to 6 i*. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission— Adnlts
" 25c. Children Me.
General Admission, lOo; Children, sc.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BKKBINO, Wire Walker, KObK AND GAY,
Aerial Acrobats, the AN IMATOHCOJP E and
a Host or Attractions at Night.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5c
NEW TO-DAY.
- - j-.-.- y _^__.r,
if "Mend it ' I
i or End it,"
ft ■ «i
<!) has been the rallying cry of v
('? reform, directed against abuses . V>
]>) municipal or social. (]
1^ For the man who lets him- (!'
i? self be abused by a cough the ft
!i) cry should be modified to: ],
<ij) Mend it, or it'll end you. You ),'
(') can mend any cough with }
| Ayer's f
| Cherry Pectoral. I
much as the traffic would bear, thus at-
tempting to absorb all or nearly all of the
profits of the shippers."
This the company considers, in the
legal sense of the word, as impertinent.
Toe same point is raised to the charge
that the company discriminated between
localities. [ ■ -i?:^
A Newspaper Thief.
John Powers, an old laborer who was con-
victed by Judge Conian of stealing a copy of
The Call from the steps of the residence of a
contractor on Guererro street early Friday
morning, appeared for sentence yesterday.
The Judge sent him to the County Jail for
three months. The arresting officers were
Blackman and Fitzgerald.
« » «
ST" Kirns to lie Resentencert.
Frank Kloss will appear before Superior
Judge Cook Saturday to be resentenced 10 cleat
for murder, the Supreme Court having re-
cently dismissed his appeal. The remittitur
was -eceived by the Sheriff yesterday.
KEW TODAT- AMUSEMENT*.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.JJ.AYMA> «fc Co. (Incorporated) fropnsM:i
THE EMINENT ACTOR, MB.
LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NIGHT (Tne3day) and Friday Evening
and Saturday Matinee,
THE BRILLIANT COMEDY.
M MV LORD AND SOME LADIES." .
(First time in San -Francisco.)
Wednesday and .Sunday ...••<) IHELLO"
Thursday ; 'HAMLET"
Saturday Night (by Request.)
JTJT_iITJS CAESAR.
Next Monday Jauks A. UEBNE
In "SHOItK ACKES."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
At llayman- & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
TWO MATINEES
Mat. Sat. and Washington's Birthday.
"OXJR. LIITTLIE''
CINDERELLA
COMPANY.
Introducing a galaxy of Child Actors nnd Act-
resses. A series of Startling and Amusing Special-
ties.
NEW AND GORGEOUS
SCENERY, COSTUMES, EFFECTS.
Prices, 'Hie to SI.OO.
A good reserved seat on lower floor .' oc.
'fI\ICOLAR3LR.OOTTLOD«'o'- usiWAnDrWtAOUIJ-*'
TWICE AS
AS LAST
BIG MONDAY V
PACKED TO THE DOORS. '
HO WHERE THE f»n.
\-X\J CROWDS \J\J
TO SEE
CHARLES HOPPER
. And His Clever company in
"CHIMMIE FADDEN"
Every Member of the Original Company and
All the Faultless Stage Effects.
Next Monday FANNY RICE.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
EXTRA
Thursday Afternoon, Feb. 18. at 3:30,
SECOND SYMPHONY CONCERT I
55 MUSICIANS
Directed by GUSTAV HINRICHS.
TWO GKEAT NOVELTIES! .
Suite for Strings, including Harp, '-Love Stories,"
by Krug. ixhapsodle Espaguol, E. C habrier. ■
Seats Now on sale — 50c and $1.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
&iBa.KKMK4Tixx Kbet.ix->. Proprietor & Manager
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES !
TO-3>J XG-XZ 1
SfS- AT 8 _£«r
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL 111.
The Latest Sensation.
"La Dan if ties Fleurs Electriques!"
i -V NOVEL SPECIALTIES.
IN PREPARATION -
GRAND DOUBLE BlT_iT_. I
"PATIEICE^mATEJL"
Popular Prices 25c and sOc
■ ■ am *m mM I Return of oar
111 I.OaIIK I'Jivorite.s to th»
fllwUflfaflll Delight of All t
The Host Presentation I
We Hare Vet Given! I
I Received Last Night
I With Ecstatic Applause !
SARDOU'S FAMOUS COMEDY,
A SCRAP OF PAPER
No expense spared to mount this play!
And the result is the best of satisfaction!
A High-Class Comedy Artistically Presented!
HUGO TOL.AND, J. B. POLK and the Entire Co.
Prices— lsc, 85c, 35c and SQo.
Telephone for seats— Blacic 991.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoI9 Lessee an Maa.m:
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
- uf the Thrilling Comedy-Drama,
OUT IN THE STREETS!
By S. N. Wood, Author of "Ornhans of New
York" and Other Great Successes.
A PLAY FILL OF KXCITEMENT !
Many New People ! All New Scenery t
Wonderful River of Firs.!
New Specialties, New Songs, New Dances
ftcnlnT l'rlces— lOc. . .o Mil ">>».'
. Slatiucos Katurduy nml Similar.
ANOTHER STUPENDOUS BILL!
THE FINNKYS, Champion Swimmers; HAYE3,
liYTTON«fcHAYKb, In a "French Marriage";
TBK I'ANTZERS, FunDy Demons; THE
UK 'FOS, Aerial Artists; the OR AN U
.OPKRA QUARIEETE. OuiLLE, •
Abkauofp, M isa Cottk and Miss
Bush, and Numerous Novelties.
B*serv«d ats, 25c ; Balcony 10c ; Opera Cnain
and Box Sea a, 60c.
Concerts by the Royal Hunearlan Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform.
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
78
A START THAT
WAS NOT A START
Paying No Heed to the
Recall Flag Suisun
Won Cleverly.
Five Out of Six Favorites Suc
cessful at Emeryville Yes
terday.
Summertime Too Sp?edy for MoyJan
aad Chartreuse II — Daylight
Won at Odds of 20 to 1.
The recall flag used by Starter Ferguson
in connection with the starting gate at
Oakland track came very close to causing
a serious entanglement in the second race
yesterday. In one of the line-ups Mr.
Ferguson pressed the lever and the bar
rier was released. Marionette wheeled
ar.d was left,s upon seeing which the
starter waived his recall Hag, but his
assistant apparently did not notice it and
failed to lower his. ri. Martin, on Ap
piause, started to pull his mount up, but,
seeing Latah and fcfuisun well under way,
took after them. Not until the horses
had covered half tbe distance did the
judges in the stand press the electric but
ton notifying the crowd in the ring that
the horses were off. In a drive Suisun,
the 7 to 10 favorite, ridden by "Pebble"
Thompson, beat Applause out half a
length. Quite a crowd collected around
the srtni, Uiinking that it might be de
clared no race, winch, however, did uot
occur.
If starters wou,ld stand less of the dilly
dallying tactics resorted to byj ockeys at
the post and discipline them more se
verely the recall flag is entirely superllu
ous, only causing tedious delays at the
post, during which some of the raora
learned of the riders look for a "shade"
the best of it. The jockey not willing to
accept an even breakaway from the post
with his mount should be severely pun
ished.
The week's racing oponed most auspici
ously for the favorites at the course over
the bay, five out of the six delegated to
carry tne coin returning home in front.
Th 6 track was still heavy and slow time
marked the running of the different
events. There was a fair attendance, wuh
an apparent dullness in the money mar
ket.
Frank Phillips' mare, Marjorie, was J
tried over a mile and captnred the open
ing mile run from a cheap field in the
easiest possible fashion. She was a6"to 5
choice and taking the lead in the
stretch, led Pollock, out by liye lengths.
Last Chance was a lair third.
The racy Wheel of Fortune opened a |
6 to 5 favorite for the mile and a sixteenth i
purse event, but dubious reports circulated
of her liKing for the heavy gome sent the
price back to twos, which latter was cut
down to 3to 5. The odds against Stentor I
were forced down by Eastern money Irom i
threes to Uto 3. Hennessy on tbe'Wheel ;
went to the front as soon as the field was j
sent a<ray, and never headed, won, ridden
out "-tiree-fourths of a length ahead of j
Bttntor. Thorpe landed Peter the Seer id j
a distant third.
There were but four starters in tbe mile '
and a quarter handicap. Imp. Sain, the
black colt, with 9S pounds up opened a!
7to 5 choice, but a heavy play on Ostler ]
Joe, delegated to carry 109 pounds, seat the !
odds againat the throe-year-old back to i
tto 1. Ostler Joe, which closed an 8 to 5 ■
choice, took the lead Irom Sain mi the run |
r.ome from the head of the stretch and '
won handily. The Bachelor also passed the j
blackyounpster the last furlong, capturing J
place honors. Morte Fonse made a bid at 1
the end, but could not get up.
The last time out Daylight made a very
poor showing, but yesterday was in fine
fettle. He went to the post alsto 1 shot
for the fifth event, a mile selling affair,
and in a drive downed the 4 to 5 favorite
Formal over half a length. Bueno was an
indifferent third.
In Summertime, Moylanand Chartreuse
a very likely trio of sprinters lined up in
the final six and a half furlong run.
The first named mare was a pronounced
3 to 5 favorite in the ring and, passing
Moylan and the chestnut mare in the
stretch, finished half a length in advance
of Moylan at the wire with a pound or so
in reserve.
Notes.
There will be a special match race run
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Monday. February 15. Forty-slxth day
wof the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track he.; vy. 7
on Wednesday between Schiller and Morte
Fonse at two miles for a $500 stake.
L. Rockman, secretary of the Fresno
Jockey Club, visited the track yesterday,
and stated that his club would give a run
ning-race meeting beginning April 29 and
ending May 1. Four or mote race? will be
run off each day. '
Following are to-day's entries:
.First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
— Dorsey 102 532 Monitor 102
518 Agitator 1081 648 Miss Kuth...... 100
630 Long Lady 100 .... Red Will 105
36* O'Kiceta 102 532 Hosier 102
630 Kill Ay era 102 Winchester. 10i!
.... Bourbon 102 431 Inns 100
632 UnaQueAmo .100 618 Heartsease.-... 100
333 McFarlane.....lU2 l
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, three
year-olds, sflliog. - ~
SSI Major F100d.. ..1C0 541 Nine, Ninety
(s36)Net*ula 1(16 Nine 110
800 Justine 95 408 nip. Mistral 11.1 10
6*o Sen. Morgan. ..lo7 »1 Doiore 105
Torpedo 110 541 MPrcutlO. 110
St. Distaff...... 105 377 Ezeklel 110
494 JactcO'JLjintern. 107 531 Lena lfO
437 Kii'im 110 500 Fort Augustus. loo
(622)500ichK05e....105 .... NaraDJa 100
(483)S\ve*t William. llo ....Paul Jones 11...10S
Third race one mile, owners' handicap.
544 I»avld 90' 468 Mahogany 93
643 Joan 90 533 Lobenfula 95
543 lustallator. 97; 447 Ferrier 96
Fourth race, one ana an eighth miles, selling.
628 Doyle 100 588 Jack Martin ... 84
(538)Uniiy 96 628 Jienamela 110
(628) Perseus 103 640 Foremost. 99
633 Charles A 99
Fifth race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
439 Instigator 103 617 Skalicaho 103
543 Cap py 100 481 lieunam 103
603 Georee Miller.. loo 617 Imp. Ivy 98
628 Torslna 108! Logan 108
8-0 Monarch. 103; 53i* Ricardo 110
510 Tuxedo 100 613 Juan Bernard. .100
387 La France 98 540 Caliente 103
sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
143 Alessandro 102 488 Con trlbutlon.,.lo2
390 M«ry Nievez...loo 481 1 nip. Friar. 105
.... Lucretlaßors.ia.loo 637 Zoolein 195
300 Miss Kojs 100 534 'l«r and Tartar. 102
606 ISunjo 102 530 Three Forks. 102
623 Hazel I) 100 1 532 Ike L 105
405 Detective 102 621 Silverado. 105
523 Fullenon Lass .100
♦
SELECTIONS FOX TO-DAY.
Urst race— Monitor, O'Fleeta and Dor
■ey.
Second race— Scotch Kose, Rienzl and
Jack i>' l.nntern.
Third race— Ferrier, Inntallator and
David.
Fourth race— Benamela, Unity and
Pemeus.
Fifth lace— Torslna, Logan and C»lj
ente.
Sixth race— Tar and Tartar, Three
Forks and Silverado.
IN AID OF THE CRETANS
Local Greeks Arranging for a
Mass- Meeting, Banquet
and Ball.
Nearly 2000 of Their Countrymen on
the Coast— Their Story of the
Straggle of Crete.
The Greek 90f this City mean to lend all
the assistance possible to their brothers in
Crete in their atrugglo against Turkey.
Last ni^ht tb« committee from the Hel
lenic Society met at the residence of C.
Demetnk to make arrangements for hold
ing a meeting of Greeks and giving a ban
quet and ball.
Not only do they intend to raise money,
but if need be they will send a company
of resident Greeks to aid in fighting the
Turks. The committee consisted of A. J.
Kosta, M. D. Vanvales, C. Dcmetrik, N.
Damianakis, P. Vrettos and P. Pandazes.
"There are about 1000 Greeks in Califor
nia, 000 of whom live in San Francisco,"
said Mr. Damianakis; "in Oregon there are
about 300, in Washington 200, in British
Columbia 200, and in Arizona probably
100, making a total of about 1800 on this
coast. We are all anxious to do y, hat we
can to help the Cretans.
"Few people understand mnch about tho
presen t trouble. The island of Crete, in the
Mediterranean Sea. is about 300' miles
square and baa about 300,000 people, a fifth
uf whom are Turks and the others Chris
tianß of the Orthodox Greek church. For
427 years prior to 1821 Greece was under
the dominion of Turkey. Then she re
belled and all of it becured independence
except Crete. The war had lasted six
yeara.
"Since then there has been revolution
after revolution in Crete, I think no less
than six to the present time. The last
one was in July and lasted till September,
it wa« ended by Turkey agreeing to give
Crete a parliament and eovernor and re
ceiving an annual stipend from Crete.
But Turkey did not keep the agreement
and has recently commenced slaughtering
the Christians the same v she has \hith
erto done in Armenia and Crete."
The committee is to secure a hall and
complete other arrangements for the work
that is laid out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, i»9T.
MAYOR PHELAN
TO AID CUBA
He Will Name a Committee
of More Than Fifty
To-Day.
They Will Work in Harmony
With the New York Cuban
League.
A Mass-Meeting to Enthuse the People
Will Soon Be Called by the
Leaders.
Great progress was made yesterday in
the movement for the freedom of Cuba
undertaken by the branch league in this
City.*
Mayor Phelan bavin;* agreed to fully co
operate with the New York body/Messrs.
Jones and Mascherini went forth to com
plete the list of names of those designed
to carry out the plans of the league in this
City.
"I shall appoint the list of fifty de
sired," said Mayor Pbelan, "as soon as
the Cuban League in this City gives me
the names of that many sympathizers.
While I am busy with affairs nearer at
homo, I am cognizant of the fact that it
is our duty to recognize the efforts of
patriots elsewhere who are struggling for
recognition."
The cf.orts of the committee have re
sulted in securing the required list of
names, and the following names will con
stitute the official committee to act In
conjunction with the New York league
and similar bodies throughout the United
States:
D. S. Richardson.
Ex-Mayor Adolph Satro.
General W. H. L.. Barnes.
Colonel W. C. Little.
William M. ttuoker.
L. It. Ellert.
James 11. Barry.
A. F. Van Duzer.
Fisher Ames.
H. K. Illghton.
Charles M. Shortrldjre.
William U. Hills.
Daniel A. McColgan.
A. Knef.
.1. £. Barry.
XV. I). Crow.
General .-dward S. Salomon.
Ex- Judge >-. K. Garber.
I. J. Truman.
11. B. Master..
George H. Williams.
Frederick Sthiide.
Sheriff K. I. Whelan.
Justice of the I'eace Groezlnger.
Gavin MoNab.
Joseph Leggett.
George T, Gaden.
J. Frank Pierce.
Thomas Hubbard Cat well.
Cbarle* I*. Patten.
M. W. Willis.
A. Meyer.
C. E. Lnudatadt.
Itobert Ferral.
George Peck.
Oncar T. Shack.
Major W. Fahey.
John Jr. Lyons.
Edwin W. Joy.
Colonel G. W. Granniss.
Nelson Pierce.
Frank MrGowan.
W. S. Scott.
K. P. Clement.
11. W. Hutton.
Judge F. w. Van Beyncgom.
W. F. Doolittle.
Henry B. I.i vliigK? on.
Colonel Charles 1.. Taylor.
James W. Orndorfl.
J»r. I). I*. T.untig.
D. B. Cunningham.
G. Frittenbach.
K. H. Lundatrom.
The further the committee goes in its
labors the more encouragement it receives
from all sorts and conditions of people.
Mrs. Frona Eunice Wait i 3 anxious to do
all she can for the cause, and. writes that
she will speak for the cause or organize
societies of women to do all they can to
aid the movement.
W. S. Scott, who practiced law at Kan-
Res '.City in the early cowboy days, is billed
to speak at the mass-meeting. Referring
to the Cuban movement yesterday he said:
"it is a shame that the Cubans have not
long ago been granted their freedom. It
was promised them by capitulation many
years ago, and I am for the cause of the
oppressed in every land. They may call
these people negroes or what they will,
but their hearts are all right, and they
have learned the difference between slav
ery and freedom."
Ex- Treasurer Reis, member of the
Pioneers, said: "I am heart and soul with
the Cubans, as is my friend Jewettof this
society, and as are all other lovers, of lib
erty in its best form."
Colonel A. Andrews said: "I am heart
and soul with the cause of liberty, but I
cannot take any active part, owing to
business engagements." '
R. P. Clement— This is one of the purest
and best movements ever begun in San
Francisco. The cause of humanity is
back of it and I heartily subscribe to the
declaration. The Call is nobly carying out
here what the great leaders of thought are
doing East.
Coonel Charles L. Taylor— l am not for
no'gy belligerency, but I favor every just
means of gaining for Cuba the liberty she
bo richly deserves.
Judge F. W. Van Reynegom.— lt will be
a pleasure to serve on the committee and
do all I can for struggling Cuba.
Dr. D. D. Lustig— The Cubans are en
gaged in a struggle for liberty and every
honest American heart must beat in
sympathy for them.
H. W. Hutton— You may write me
down for freedom everywhere. I think
Cuba ought to have the aid and sympathy
of the great American people.
The following letter from Sacramento,
received yesterday, shows the feeling
hat prevails throughout the State on the
Cuban question:
Sacramento, Cal., Feb. 13, 1897.
Mr. Faust Maschcrini, Secretary Cuban League,'
!vO6 Mason Street, San Francisco, ■■ Cal.— L»Kar
Sir: 1 notice my letter of February 9 appears
in The Call the following day. lam very
much pleased to see The Call take such a
deep interest in arousing the people to action
in Cuba's behalf. The people of California
are bravo and true lo any noble cause, so they
will be in this, only snow them how to pro
ceed. Having always manifested a deep in
terest in the Cuban war, and having studied
the situation from a neutral and unprejudiced
! standpoint,; I do not hesitate to' express my
views in a most decided manner.
I have gone over the history of Spanish con
quest?, from the discovery of Cuba by Colum
bus up to the present time; and have rcviewe
Spanish- invasions and conquests in Mexico.
South America and Cuba, including the tea
years' war in Cuba, and lave failed to dis
cover a tingle Instance wherein Spain hat
been In the right or acted in and for a j
noble cause. No one can read the history of
these corquesta without a shudder of horror.
In a period of about lour hundred years Spain
hos slaughtered millions of people, to say
nothing oi the loss ot her own subjects. She
| has plundered the countries of her conquest
| of billions of dollars and devastated and de
stroyed billions more in property. Treachery
and deceit have been her prlnoi pal mode of
warfare. Her Bole object in a majority of in
stances was for mere plunder. Indeed, she es
tablished a regular line of vessels be tweenSpaia
and the seat of conquest, carrying soldiers
and munitions of war one direction and
the spoils of her victims the other.
This was kept up for over 200 years as a regu
lar business. In the province of Peru aloue
millions of natives were murdered and billions
of treasure taken. One of the many atrocities
committed was during this conquest, when
Pizarro treacherously murdered Atahaulpa,
the Inca, or ruler, of Peru, on the 15th of No
vember. 1532. A tahaulpa announced his in
tention oi viiiticg the Christian commander,
and Pizarro arranged and perpetrated a black
act of treachery that compares in many respects
with that of his brother in butchery, Weyler,
who recently betrayed and murdered that
brave and gallant general, Antonio Maceo.
The Governor of Peru, suspecting nothing,
came Into the great square of Cusco in grend
I regal procession. He was suddenly attacked
j by Pizarro's soldiers, who were in ambush, his
j escort being murdered in cold blood (thvy be
! ing unarmed) and the Governor made a pris
oner. The Governor was promised his liberty
I lor a ransom in gold. After having secured
', $4,000,000, and having deducted -the royal
tilth, the invaders divided the remainder
among themselves and then murdered the
donor of all this wealth.
This same line of policy was pursued In
Brazil, Mexico and all countries visited by
these Spanish highwaymen and bushwhackers.
For a period of over 250 years this nation of
| bull-flghtfcis carried on a war of extermination
i and plunder, for no other purpose than their
greed for gold. To-day they are carrying on
tho same tactics in the Philippine Islands ana
Cuba, only in the disguise of taxation.
Tbis bloody work will never ceaso until Spain
is driven from the waters of the Atlantic for
ever, wnlch must certainly soon come to pass.
The island of Cuba, 900 miles In length with
an average width ot about 30 miles and 7000
miles of coast development, including tho
small adjacent Islands, produced one-fourth
of the sugar of the worid up to the breaking
out of tho present war. Tobacco and coffee
come next in value of productions. However,
tho variety of products is innumerable, two
thirds of the island being under cultivation
during times of peace.
The population is principally Spanish.
Then come French Creoles in the east; Anglo-
Americans and Germans in the north;
American Indians, or Yucatan, in the south
west, with quite a number oi negroes and
Chinese throughout the island.
The island being a province of Spain, Is sub
ject to her laws, which have grown more and
more oppressive, inasmuch as Spain has
attempted to make ud the deficiency In her
exchequer occasioned by the loss of her South
American colonies by taxing Cuba to death.
Tho Cubans have learned through bitter
experience that any promise of reform on the
part of Spain will not be kept. Her sons and
daughters are now in the field, ill fed and
clothed and only half equipped for warfare,
fighting tor that liberty our fathers fought for
in this glorious free land of ours. Shall we
sit idly by, and see this fair land at our very
door, depopulated of ils brave defenders, or
made slaves forever? The time is past duo for
this country to act. Let us urge without fur
ther delay our Representatives In Washington
to press the question of recognition. Cuba
once recognized by the United States, her
trials will soon b? over. Yours truly,
D. E. BOHANNON',
1117 Fifth street, Sacramento, Cal
It will be but a few days now until the
committee calls a mass-meeting and be
gins the Cuban movement on the same
lines as carried on in New York. The
following gentlemen will speak at the
meeting: Attorney W. S. Scott, ex-Judge
Robert Ferral, R. C. Clement, H. W. Hut
ton, Judge F. W. Van Reynegom, Edward !
Salomon and H. E. Righton. .
Tho committee haa been busy for sev
eral days writing letters to persons who
imagine the purposes of the league are
belligerent. All have been notified that
the wors is wholly sympathetic and along
lawful lines.
CITY REFORMS.
Organization of the Citizens' Municipal
Alliance by Prominent Gentlemen
of San Francisco.
Articles of incorporation of the Citizens'
Municipal Alliance were filed in the office
of the County Clerk yesterday.
The purposes of the society are aKeqed
to be the formation of a non-sectarian,
non-partiean association for social, politi
cal and moral purpose?, and to advance
the educational, industrial and commer
cial interests of San Francisco.
A remarkable clause is inserted which
provides tnat "neither the good offices nor
the influence of this corporation shall b«
used to give unmerited prominence to any
ol its members, nor exercised in any way
to aid them in thei' political ambitlona."
Of course ambitious members may deem
it proper to decide lor themselves what
constitutes "unmerited prominence" when
the question of political preferment is un
der consideration.
There are to be eleven directors of the
corporation, and the gentlemen ebo.«en
to serve during the first year are W. W.
Allen Sr., D. Gilbert Dexter, Kichard Lam
bert, C. M. Arnold. K. P. Clement, M. S.
Woodhams. A. McFadyen, Mark Strouse
Lucius H. Foote, H. O. Steams and Wal
lace Bradford.
The association is not to have any capi
tal stock, but is to have a membership and
provide for running expenses in accord
ance with by-laws to be hereafter adopted.
PACTS ABOUT EAILROADS-
Arrival ot Commissioner Inotizuka of
the Jnpancge D.^mrtment of
Communications.
K. Inouznka of Japan, counselor for the
Department of Communications and
Bureau of Legislation in the Japanese
Cabinet and acting secretary of the Jap
anese Houac of Peers, arrived here yester
day and is at the Palace. He has come to
look up matters in reference to the man
agement of American railroads and will be
cere about one month. He intends to
visit the Interstate Commerce Commission
in "Washington. After he has investi
gated the railroads in this country he will
go to England and pather what inform
ation he can there, so he told last night.
Mr. Inouzuka reached here by way of
\ ictoria. He arrived there on the "Em
presa of China. He will be here but a few
dajs.
Mining Permit* Granted.
The California Debris Commission yesterday
Issued permits to A. F. Roberts of Forbestown,
Butte County, to mine in Roberts A Co. mine
near Forbestown, and to Gray & Taylor lor the
Hucarloaf mine at Colfax, Placer County. The
owners of the Tippecanoo mine at Campion
vine, \uba County, and of tne Kentucky Slab
mine at Kentucky Flat, El Dorado County,
were authorized to reopen their mines, which
have been shut down for sonia lime on account
of Hoods.
■• — <* — *
VTnßhlng on Sunday.
Judge Dunne of the Superior Court yesterday
handed down an opinion in the case of Ah
Tong, who had been arre6ted for waahin*
clothes in a Chinese laundry on Sunday. The
arrest was male under a provision of a City
ordinance against work of that kind on Sun
day. Judge Dunne declared the ordinance
unconstuuiional and ordered the prisoner
lawyer Laughborough's Will.
Alexander H. Loughborough's will was ad
mitted to probate in Judge Coffjy's court yes
terday. The following-jinnied gentlemen have
been appointed appraisers of tho estate-
Charles E. Hatch, Winfieid S. Kayes and T. pi
Kiordan.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
FIREMEN AND
POLICE OPPOSED
The Cause Is a New Ordi
nance Before the Board
of Supervisors.
■ Move to Put Two Policemen in
Each Theater to Keep
Aisles Clear.!
Condon Succeeded by J E. Buckley
as Superintendent ct Municipal
Build in;.
Dr. Rottanzi presided at the Board of
, Supervisors' meeting yesterday in the
, Mayor's absence.
A vacancy was declared in the office df
superintendent of construction of the
municipal bnilding, thereby dismissing
Daniel E. Condon, and John E. Buckley,
who is a relative of Supervisor Sheeban,
was elected to succeed him and to draw a
j salary of $250 per month. The beard also
dismissed James Taylor, a janitor, and
named William O'Brien to take his place.
The session was dull, but one matter
came up which developed a ripple of in
terest. This was a proposed ordinance
the import of which is to transfer from
the Fire Department to the Police Depart
ment the duty of keeping clear the lobbies,
aisles, etc., of places of amusament during
I performances.
Supervisor Britt championed the ordin
! ance, but admitted that the Chief of Police
' has use for all the men in his department.
(Supervisor Smith opposed the ordinance
j on much the same ground that Supervisor
; Britt favored it. On Supervisor Smith's
' motion the matter went over for one week.
j In the meantime the two departments
will discuss this new move. The ordin
ance provides for two policemen in each,
theater.
Supervisor Clinton introduced a resolu
i tion, which was adopted, asking the Legi*-
I lature to take tavorable action upon a bill
pending before it for the relief of John C.
Pelton, of whom Dr. Clinton spoke as tbe
lather of the public-school system of Cali
fornia.
A resolution instructing the clerk of the
board to advertise for proposola lor sup
plying the City and County Hospital and
ttie Almsbouse with milk for two years
was indefinitely postponed.
The resolution stopping all work south
of Golden Gate Park was rescinded. The
order prohibiting the opening of the
Fourth-street bridge between 6:30 and 7:30
a. m. and 5:30 and t>:3o p. M. was finally
parsed.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
Acted On by the Board.
The following is a complete summary
of the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisor* at yesterday's
session :
AWABD OF contracts.
Capital avenue and Broaa street, crossing— Grad
ing, curbs, macadamizing, to J. L. Blanc bard. -
BroderUkand Kddy streets, crossing— Fa vine, to
Street ravlni; Company. ■ • .. . . ■ ■
Thirteenth and Alpine streets, crossing— raving
to John K. Morton. " • - " • •..■.• = ■■•-■
Thirieenm stroot, Devlsadero to Castro — Carts, ,
paving, etc., to Williams, Belser <fc Co.; . •
Thirteenth and Devisadero streets, crossing—
Paying and curbs, to Williams, Belser A Co,
Thirteenth and Castro streets, crossing— Same,
to Williams, Belser it Co.
Alabama street. Twenty-sixth street to Preclta
avenue— Plunk sidewalks, to Williams, Belier &
Co.
Alabama and Army streets, crossing— Culverts,
cesspools, curbs, etc, to same.
Devisadero, Waller to Thirteenth streets—Arti
ficial-stone sidewalk.-*, 10 Flinn A Trency.
Thirteenth street. Castro to Devisadero— Pipe
sewer, manhole and cover, to Thomas Clarke.
Ttiiiteenth oiid Alpine streets, crossing— Pipe
sewers, manhole*, curbs, etc., to Williams, Belser
&Co.
■ Thirteenth and Castro, crossing— Pipe sewer,
curb*, <u'., to Thomas Clarke.
Mhlrteenih and Ueviaadero. crossing— Same to
seme.
LOWEST BIDS OX STREET WOFK.
Cert land avenue, Mission to Andover — Thomas
Clarke on sidewalks.
Bay street, Jones to lea venworth— Flinn <fc
Troacy o-j basalt pavement.
I henery and Koanoke streets— Adamantine
Paving Company ,'on grading, macadamizing, etc.
Chenery and ilateo— Adamantine Paving Com-,
pany on same, vv -..'.
Chenery, .Miguel to Mateo— Adamantine Paving
Company on same.
Chenery and Miguel— Adamantine Paving Com
pany on same.
BBSOLCTIOS' ORDERING STBEETWOBK.
Thirteenth. Devisadero to Alpine— ironstone
sewer, etc.
Twenty-second, Koe to Sanchez— Sidewalks,
curbs, etc.
Devlsaaero and Paste, crossing— Paving.
Green street, southerly side, from Gough 100
feet west— Stone sidewalk.
Sixteenth aud -unchez streets, crossing— Paving.
Franklin and Union streets, crossing— Cesspools,
culverts, curbs, etc. ;
FranKlin and Union, crossing— Paving. .
Parker avenue, I'o.nt Ix>boa to Kicumcnd ave
nues—Pipe sewer.
Kigbth avenue and M street, crossing— Sewer,
cesspools, curbs, etc.
Eighth avenue, M to N streets — Pipe sewer,
manholes and culverts.
Bryant street. .Ninth to) Tenth— Plank side
walks.
. Ninth avenue, II to I streets— Same.
Kddy, Franklin to (lough— Stone sidewalks.
Vallejo, Pierce to Scott— Same, to oe roughened.
Twenty-fifth strfcet^Valencla to Orange alley-
Same. -^
BESOIiUTIOKS OF INTF.XTIQN TO ORDER STREET
WORK.
Card alley, Stockton street to westerly termina
tion— Bituminous pavement.
Eureka street. Twentieth to Twenty-first— Curbs
and pavement.
Filbert and 1-eavenwortli — Bituminous pave
ment.
Dolores and Nineteenth — Same.
Bryant and Eleventh— Pavement and curbing.
Florida, Twenty - sixth to Army — Grading,
curbs urn! macadamizing.
Preclta avenue, Alabama to Army— Same, with
sewer, manholes, etc.
Florida. Twenty-sixth to Army— Same. .
Valencia. Twenty-sixth to Army— Same.
Llas^n. Beach to Jefferson— Same.
Chestnut and Powe.l streets, southwesterly cor
ner— Ar:illclal-sto-io sidewalks.
Taylor and Union, southeasterly corner— Same.
.Leavenworth and Union, southwesterly corner-
Same.
Jones and Union, southeast and southwest cor
ners—Same.
Twenty-second, Noe to Castro—
Montgomery avenue and Xeweil street— Same.
RESOLUTIONS PERMITTINO STREET WORK.
To estate of Monroe Greenwald as follows:
California street. Fourth to Fifth avenues-
Grading, curbing, macadamizing.
California street south, Fourth to Fifth ave
nues—Same.
Fourth avenue, California street to California
street south— Same.
Fifth avenue, California street to" California
street south— Si me. -
STREET WORK BKCOWENDSD BY SUPJEBIUTEJTD
KNT OK STREETS.
Hampshire street. Twenty-third to Twentv
fourth—Curbs and paving. J
Stable alley, Valencia street to Caledonia alley—
Bituminous pavement.
Second avenue. 290 from A street to Point feet
Lobos avenue— Pipe sewer, etc.
Fourth avenue. 180 feet from A street to Point
JjObos avenue— Pipe sewer, etc.
Fourteenth street, Noe to Castro— curb*
and basalt pavements.
Alpine street, Thirteenth to northerly termina
tion—Grading, curbs, sewer, macadamizing, etc
iilsslonsireet, Highland to Crescent avenue*—
Curbs, pavement, etc
Mission stree:..C\>rtland to Highland avenuss— At
various points curbs, pavement, sturm water
iuleis. gratings, etc.
O'Farr-a street, Bagbv place easterly alone
northerly line for forty feet— sidewalks. • ■
Vallejo street, We lister to I'lllmore— Curbs and
paving. v
BECOMSIEXDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION OB
DERING. •
First avenue, Fulton to Point Lobos avenue—
Bituminous pavement.
First avenue, Clement to California— «»me.
First avenue. California to Clay—
. Firs avenue, Clay to Washington .»me
First avenue, Point Lobos to Clement— Same.
RKCOMMUXDED FOR CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Goush and .Turk, crossing— Bituminous pave
menu mlnous P?«-
RECOMMENDED FOR FUIX ACCEPTANCE.
- Greenwich and Octavia— Him ml nous pavement.
Linden avenue, Laguna to Buchanan- .^araa
STREET WOBK EECOMMENDED TO BE BEAOVEB
TISKD.
Clement street, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth
avenues— Sewer.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO BTBEET COMMITTEE.
Valencia, between Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth—Thomas Wyatt, lor permission to repair
s.dewulk in front of premises.
Corbott avenue and Eighteenth street— Mrs. XL
J. Swades, for non-condemnation of property.
Eighteenth street, Noo to Sanchez— Williams,
Belser & Co.. for paving.
5 Union and Taylor streets— Britton. for all
wont not already completed to be done under one
contract.
.Leave ii worth and Jones streets, McAllister to
Golden Gate avenue— Emil 3) oiler, for laying arti
ncial-stooe sidewalks.
Vicksburg street, from Twenty-third to point 65
feet northerly— lsaac Anderson for same on east
side.
Hooper and sixth streets— Property-owners for
removal of obstructing house.
Sacramento a: d fc-pruce streets— Thomas Wand
to pave with bitumen.
i ourth avenue. Point I/>bos av»nue to Clement
street — Property-owners for exclusion of side
walks from proposed work. ' x
Geary street, Kearny to Powell— Merchants' As
sociation for contractor's guaranty of keeping
pavement repaired five years.
Fourth avenue. Point liobos avenue to Clement
street— Property-owners for grading, macadamiz
ing, etc
Eureka street. Twentieth to Twenty-first—
O'Connor for remiicadamUlng.
Orient alley. Twenty-third to Elizabeth street-
David P. Walter for graalng and macadamizing.
PROTESTS BRFKBBEO TO STBKET COMMITTEE
Twenty-second street, Sanchez to Castro—
dore Emlerle against laying of stoae sidewalks,
etc.
Sanchez and Hill and Twenty-first streets— Prop
erty-owners against awarding any contracts fur
street vror*.
Fuliou street, Lyon street to Central avenue—
Properiy-owa ers against laying of stone sidewalks.
Turk sin St. Joseph to Masonic avenues— J.
IX Ross and also of property-owners against re
duction of width.
Ninth and Stevenson streets— James Bcoble
against laying of stone sidewalks on east side.
Barley place, east aide— Hobart Estate Company
against **me.
Vicksburg street. Twenty-third to Twenty
fourth—Property-owners agalnat laylns of stone
Sidewalks. •;=. / ..-
Fulton street and Central avenue, northeast cor
ner—Rebecca Montgomery against same.
Cbenery sire, Miguel to Muteo streets—Prop
erty-owners against urHdinr.
Second avenue, California to Lake streets — '
Property-owners against rtgradintr.
Pillmore street, Bush to butter— Property-owners ■
•gainst laying of stone sidewalks.
COMMUNICATIONS BKFEKBED TO BTBEET COM
MITTEE.
Eighteenth street, Corbett avenue and Ashbury
»treet, land bounded by — llenrend Joost's proposal
to sell rlshl of way lor sewer for $v!6O.
First avenue, Fulton street to Point Lobos ave
nue—Bay View District Land Company's sugges
tion thai resolutions of intention to regrade rest
In abeyance for the present.
Alamo square— John McLaren's suggestions for
the improvement of Alpine-street termination,
superintendent of Street's request for establish
ment of grade.
Presidio Reservation — Mayor's submission of
communication from Brigadier-General Jaine* W.
Forsyth, calling attention to condition of streets
on eastern borders.
. PETITIONS BF.FERRED TO FIBE DEPARTMENT.
Kills and Broderlct— Property-owners for fire
alarm signal-box. '
ocean View— Ocean View Improvement Club for
placing of eight hydrants at certain coints.
Petitions bkfebkf.d to stbeet lights com
mittee.
Point Lobos and Thirty-second avenue to the
ocean— Property-owners for eleutr'.c lights.
Ocean View— Citizens for placing of electric lamps I
at certain points.
• EXTENSION OF TIME KECOMM ENDED.
Prospect avenue, Coso to Emerald— To B. Dodson,
ninety days on sewerlnz, grading, etc. .
California and Laurel streets— To Pacific Paving
Company, sixty days on pavinsr, curbing, etc.
California and Locust streets— To same, sixty
days on paving, curbing, etc.
. Sheridan at rest. .Ninth to Tenth— To Gray Bros.,
sixty days on stone sidewalk.
Filter street, Tohquin to Lewis— To Warren &
Mai ey, ninety days on macadamizing, etc.
Broderlck street, Jefferson to Tonquin— To same,
ninety days on grading, etc.
Eighteenth avenue and X street— To same,
ninety days on macadamizing, etc.
Folsora street. Sixth to Third— To E. G. Keen,
sixty days on paving, etc.
. EXTENSIONS OF TIME QUANTED.
B street, Seventh to Eighth avenues— J. G.
Conroy, thirty days on evading, etc.
' Slanyan street, -Fulton 10 Fell— To J. J. Darling,
sixty days on pavement.
. Washington, Goush to Lagnna— Same.
Laguna, Clay to Sacramento— Same.
6 BASES, SIDEWALKS. ETC,^CHANGED ANDES
TARUSHED. ,
Lombard and Broderick— to be lowered
aud established a: 22 feet.
Kiciiiani avenue, northerly line, at a point 470
. fee: easterly, from Sooth— Grade established at
I 106 fee:. . .
i Hichland avenue, southerly line, same— Grade
1 established at 194 feet. '
1 Kb land - avenue, northerly line, at point
827.26 feet easterly from South— Grade estab
lished at i 65 .92 feet. >■•.<■■ - .;.•...
Klchland avenu». southerly l'ne, at point 826.75
' feet easterly lrom bout h— Grade established at
164.33 feet. .•,.••
l'recita avenue, Folsom street to Alabama-
Width of sidewalks established at 12 feet.
Precita avenue, Folsom to Alabama street —
Width of sidewalks established at, 2B feet.
KESOI.UTION REJECTING BIDS.
Cole street, H&ight to Waller— Paving, etc.
RESOLUTION OK RKLKASE FBOM CONTRACT.
Pierce and Filbert streets Crossing, paving, for
Pacific Paving Company.
CITY ENGINEER'S BEPOBT.
Lyon, Chestnut and Devisadero streets—
and specifications for sewers submitted.
BEPOKT OF STBEET COMMITTEE.
Extension of Lyon street through Miranda
grant— lnstitution of proceedings recommended.
Ash avenue, Laguna street to Bucnanan—Pav
ing, etc. Monday, March 15, set as day for hear-
Ing appellants from assessment.
• — ♦ — •
No fewer than 629,897 people named
Muller ate now living; in Germany.
NEW TO-DAY.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
corns 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Slain 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 STREET.
H. dvtard •) 2 3. w. McDonald Prei
C. B. KTONB I £ W. E. DKNXISON- Sea
T. B. BISHOP Vg COL. G. H.MENDKLU
J.W. MCDONALD I>- Corps of Engineer*, U.S.A.
W. DKHSiaON J 3 (Retired), * *"
Cossutxixa EXOIXKKB.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Crnz, CaL, All Kinds of Street
 _ » nd Work, Bridges and
Kin? City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITUMEN HUES. Wharves. Jetties and
IH 1 1 :T1 Fi .1 HI 1 .1 Tn\ Sea Walls.
DAD compos™ and
■ ' a"■ GRAVEL BOOFINB.
Parafflne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
D 9. D BUILDING
r. a Pi PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DKALEHS.
H!W^B-1360 MARKET ST.
WORKS.UNCQLN CAL
fait wcU '
ELY'S CREAM BAI.M Is a positive care.
Apply into the nostrils. It iB quickly absorbed. 60
cents at. Drns^ists or by mail ; samples 10c by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York City.
Weak Men and Women
QHOTJLD DSE » AMI ANA BITTERS. THR
«T BTra £ M *> x 'can Remedy: gives Health and
Strength to the ye.aial Orzans. . "
WrijfTliiliii Vegetalils Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
nave us^d them for over fort* years to cure
£ CX HJEADaCHE, GIDDINESS, CONsTTPa-
riON, 'lorpld Liver, Weak atomach. Pimples and
purify the boo I.
Grossman's SDBGiflc IS
wi % V ] Il,m1 l ,m, t ! l . ! "7 r '' lly >» - " ons c»n cure tnt-mteiveb
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change In 11031 ' 00 to business, The medicine
contains nothlag that is of the least injury to the
HIGH AUTHORITY.
What a I*endinir Chemist Says Is the
Best Thine to Do at This Time
of Year. « /'. v
There has been more discussion over the
snbjoct of quiet consumption, pneumonia
and sudden deaths within the last six
months than ever before. Doctors ana all
thinking people have been interested in it.
and the fact that more than two-thirds of
all deaths arise from throat and Jung
troubles has intensified it. Tlie best thing
upon the subject that we have seen is from
William T. Cutter. State Chemist of Con-
necticut. He says: "Some years ago,
while in Kentucky, I received a letter
from a number of the leading physicians
of N-w York, asking if I would furnish
them with a mire article of whisky for tha
sick. I did so, and for several years fur-
nished them with a whisky as nearly suit-
able for their purposes as I could rind ; but
neither at that time nor since have I lound
what they required until I chemically
analyzed Duffy's pure malt whisky. Hav-
ing . a practical os well as a chemical
knowledge of th» manufacture of whisky,
perhaps I am a better judge of its merits
than one having only a chemical Knowl-
edge. I was surprised at the analysis of
Duffy's pure malt whisky to find it was
absolutely pure, as I nad never found this
to be the case in any other whisky. Its
advantages to those suffering from pul-
monlc troubles, nervous prostration or
mental exhaustion must be great. I con-
sider that its absolute purity, as well as
scientific mode of manufacture, must
co m mend it to public favor."
Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Ha. 10 Third St.
i « »
I STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
\
NOBBY, rf| m
STYLISH. l^vf
Ox\LY $2.01). lllgig^
WILL STAND THE TEST.
Our competitors often claim that they
soil as good shoes for the money a? wo do.
Don't take heir word for It. or ours either.
i But judge for yourself, co pare our shot
and prices with others before purchasing.
We Know what mo result will be. Our
Shoes will stand the test, and that
| Is bow we have built up our reputation.
Special for this week: Ladies' Extra Vine
Vici Kid Buito.n .Shoes, Cloth or Kid Tops,
Hazor or Medium Square Toes and V-
shaped Patent Leather Tins, Circular
Vamps and Heel Foxing, Flexible Soles,
Keversed Button Flies. Reduced during
this sale to 92. 00. This line is complete.-
new, nobby and stylish. Why buy odds
and ends elsewhere when vo;i can buy
such, a bargain hero*or less money?
t&~ Country orders solicited.
M9~ Send for Siew lllus:raiei Catalozas.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third St., San Franolio.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISIIIP CO.
STEAMEK9 LEAVK BKOADWAY AS.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -CasiCzS
For Mary Island, Lorlns, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sltlta (Alaska), at. 9 A. m., Feb. 10, 25.
■ : For Victoria »nd Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacoru-s anil
New Whatcom (Ke.'licgbam Bay, Wash.). 9a. ii.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 'ii, and every nfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver . with • th* C. P. R.
R.r, atTacoma with N. P. K. it., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamera. !
For ICurelca, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. it., Feb. 1, 6,9, 18;
17, 21, 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucoa.
Port riarford (Han Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Sant»
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East t<aa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. x.
Feb. 3. 7, 11, 16, 19. *3, 27, and every foorm
day thereafter.
For San IMeeo. stopping only at Port Tiarrorl
(San Luis Oblapo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot An-
feles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9,13. 17, -1, '-!5, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San jnw del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Par and Guayroas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, lit
a. M. 2Sth of each month.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates anil
hours of sailing:. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market g'-. San KrancUcq
THEO. R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TIL. A.3XT ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
1? A "PTi 1 /* 1 First-class \« Including
•E -tt-LVJCAse Second-class /Berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12. 22
State of California Feb. 7, 17,27
j Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern point* Kates and folders upon applies
lion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Ascent.
630 Market street.
BOODALIi. PERKINS A CO.. superintendents
PjHHBtIIJI 8. is. AUSTRALIA ro»
SKIE HONOLULU only,
•K 1 ™"*"" Tuesday, Februar? 33,
ft "^^—^^^ at ■.! p. M. Special part?
/&«>^l*\ rates.
SfMm^ninJ The ». b. alameda
fj)lMllDllll/ galls via HONOLCLa
/SjTjrMhlL and AUCKLAND foe
\wllipVllCtp SYDNEY, Thursday,
Maxell •*. at 2 P. ic
LInetoCOOLGABDIB, Aust., and CAPETOWN
touch Africa.
J. D. SPRECKBLS * BROS. CO« Aprents.
114 Montgomery street
Fre'cht QfHcß. 327 Market «t.. San l---n^cu o
COMPAGSIE TUISITLIXTItDI
French Line to Havre.
/-IOMPAN PIER(NEW),42NORTH JM^
\J River, foot of Morton at. lrave|ers by -»fi»33P
this line avoid both transit by English railway ani -
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, vi» Part*
first class $l«0. second class $116. ; J V_*
BOURGOGNE .....Feb. 20. SA. ic.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. x.
LAtiASCOOSE March 6. 6 a m.
L.A BItF.TAGNR March 13. Ba. j*.
LA NORMAN DIE Marti '.0, a. a.
tar for further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. S. Bowling Green. New York.
3. F. FUGAZI &. CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
aygnne. San Francisco. "
WHITE JSTAR LWR.
United States and Royal . Mall' Steamers'
BKTWKHN
Now York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
- S.AIJL.INU l.\ 1.1.1 \Vf;KK.
CABIN, $50 AM) UPWARD, ACCORD- -—
ing to steamer and accommodations feMfc3>
■elected : second cabin, ?12 60 »nd*l7 60; Majes"o
and Teutonic. Bteen»sB Tickets from England. Ira-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmaric
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
i»ilin; dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H.. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th*
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
Udttr Uraod Hotel. v. w. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pacitic
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily, Freight received -an
to->:3i» V. M.
JJ3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line' selling through tickets and glvlna
through freight rates to all points on Voile/
Will rw'. ,
STEAMERS: v
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Siiiry Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cm. K»v. aud Impu c«
FORVALLEJO ASD U. S. SA¥Y¥ARBL
STiSAMISR "MOXTICELLO,"
Daily ex. Saturday & Bun.. 10:30 a. it and 4 p w I
1 1 * 5 "- — ~ ....•1U:30a.m., 4 p' I '
Kundays ..8 r. i ■
Landing Mlssion-stree Dooic, Pier i
Telephone Blaclc 2tJl
Trip glvos 0 hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR SASJOSE, LOS «ATOS*BAiITl CRIZ
1 uesday. Thur*lavrs«t i ,rdaV at S » *" *• £7%SHOT UP A
BIG GEYSER
The Strange Phenomenon
: .of the San Bruno
Hills.
DRIVEN BY SOBIE HIDDEN
FORCE.
Tons of Water Leap High Into
the Air and Do Much
"""• . Damage.
THE QUEER COLUMN FELL WITH
A ROAR.
Subterranean Spring Bursts, Level
ing Fences and Burying Crips
in Mud and Rocks.
■ With a roar and explosion that w?re
aeard for mile*, a subterranean reservoir
n the San Bruno hills burst its confines
lh.z Chasm in the San Bruno Hills Caused by the Bursting of a Subterranean Reservoir. The
Wale- Shot High Into ths Air, and in Its Rush Down the Hill Carried Away Fences
and Ruined a Large Amount of Growing A'falfa.
on Saturday last and save the inhabitants |
■ of that district a fright that will not soon j
be forgotten.
"The scene of the ebullition is a rocky
nance about seven miles south of this |
' 'City, where the San Bruno road comes
'. t}own out of the hills and skirts the shore
; .*£ the bay.
-. • 'The'hill is not more than a quarter of a
."jTfiie from the beach and rises sharply to
'..'a., height of 400 feet or more.
'Its-top is crowned with sharply defined
.'ridges of rock that show gray and barren
!.-ijt different places on the surface.
:-' On Saturday afternoon a low rumbling
: noise, followed by a dull explosion not
•'.unlike that produced by a heavy dis
•cliarge of giant powder, caused the
' ranchers and dairymen for a long dis
. tajiee around to look in that direction, and
•t-ney .beheld a Bight that rendered ihem
i bound.
'•' Shooting into the air for a distance that
is. variously estimated at from twenty* to
forty feet was a column of water many
. Jeet in circumference and coming out of
•the very brow of the hill.
• -As they looked it fell with a roar, and
those near could see a torrent rushing
.down the hillside, filling a small canyon
■tliat opens into the road aiong the bay.
The cattle of the New Boss Dairy, which
in located at one side of the canyon, were
■ feeding along the lower p:trt of the hill,
; and es the water came rushing down flea
iruncvically for shelter.while the employes ,
'Hew into the open air to ascertain the
cause of the disturbance.
• The torrent, carrying hundreds of tons |
■ f earth and boulder?, boiled down the !
R-»ny»n, leveling lences as though they |
made of toothpicks, and either j
burying or uprooting every vestige of i
vegetation in its course. Drainage ditches j
■ were filled with rocks and rubbish, and
the vast volume of water tore on it* de
.structive way until it reached a little creek !
"running in front of the dairy, which it
filled to overflowing before it reached the
waters of the bay.
; The water swept over a field of alfalfa
that lay in its course, and where the green
.feed destined for the cows had flourished
it bed of mud strewn with boulders and
. fence picket's and posts remained. Fear- ;
•ing a landslide frOiS the tons of earth that '
-•were seen to have been loosened on the j
top o! the steep bill, the ranchers hur- '
riedly drove their cattle out of harm's \
way and then cautiously ascended the !
eminence to learn the cause of the explo- '<
sion.
.They found a vast hole in the ground !
w.-here previously it had been smooth, !
'except for the ledges of rock, and after
• being convinced that no further danger !
. threatened began to repair the damage
done by the deluge of water. The freshet
• was followed by a lesser stream of water j
that still continues to trickle down the j
can yon. ,
..When the scene was visited yesterday it |
v,a,s seen that the force of the explosion I
must have been tremendous. A section I
of the sod 100x40 feet in extent that ;
cover d the hillside had been blown j
.bodily into the air and landed many feet
away on an area of rocks, points of which
protruded through the grass.
\ The hole made by the explosion is about |
|eyenty-five yards long by fifty yards ;
ide, and was at first very deep, but is j
Rapidly filling up from the earth that
•caves in from the sides at short intervals.
Huge rocks are found on every side,
where they were thrown by the blast, and I
the entire scene is one of desolation
amidst the green verdure of the surround
ings. • :
Probably the only thing that prevented ,
•a" big landslide and the destruction of |
much property was the fact that the res- I
ervoir burst just behind a spur of rocks
that prevented the earth Irom tumbling
i down on the dairy below. A portion of
; the earth went over the obstruction, but
not enough to cause a heavy slide. The
force of the torrent is shown by the rocks,
some of them weiching several hundred
pounds, that were carried into the helds
below and then nearly covered with mud
' by the water that followed after. The bot
' torn of the cavern formed by the explosion
has become a vnritable bog and the dairy
men are in constant fear that their cattle
will become mired in tii*' sott earth.
From tlie appearance of the hill it is
i evident that a vast subterranean reservoir
i exisss somewhere deep under the rocks
and earth. 'At its foot dozens of springs
gush out making the level ground miry
i;i places and rendering drainage ditches
necessary in all directions. At the north
side oi tlie hill wh re an unusually heavy
body of water run out, the Italian ear
deners of the neighborhood have construc
ted a Hume to carry water to their farms
across the flat.
Higher up the hillsiae many small ex
cavations with tiny springs running from
them, show where the hidden water has
broken out on previous occasions. The
ground is springy at ail points. There
seems little doubl that a cavern in the
j lower strata of rocks lilled to overflowing
I hy the recent rains icuod a weak spot at
tn is high point and relieved its pentup
waters by bursting into the open air.
The track of the torrent is visible for
mile* where the eastern ;<lope of the hill
can be seen. It is double, from the fact
that the ledge of rocks that imprisoned
the earth and prevented it lrom reaching
the farms below cut the freshet in twain,
causing it to form a huge triangle, with
the foot of the hill as a base and the ledge
as an apex.
The "waterspout," as the residents of
the district call it, is still anexcitine topic
of conversation. Henry Blannen, proprie
tor of the Six-mile House, which is about
v mile north of the scene, heard the ex
piosion and saw the huge jet of water be
fore it fell.
"It wa« a pran 1 fi^ht," he said, "but it
only las:ed for a moment, and then we
saw the water rushing down toward the
bay. 1 thought that tiie dairy stood in its
path, bat it appears 'hat the torrent
turned to the right and damaged only the
fences and qropi." 1
HONORING HIS MEMORY.
j Iho Friend* of Kt-v. BC F. I'olhum
Will Krert a Monument Over
IIU Remains.
The members of Grace Methodist Epis
! copal Church at Twenty-first and Capp
streets of which the Rev. M. F. Colburn
was the late minister, have under consid
eration the erection of a monument in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery to his memory.
That the members of this church thought
well of their iate preacher who had min
istered to their spiritual wants for the
short period of one year prior to his death,
1 which occurred on ihe 22d of last Septem
ber, is made manifest by this act.
At a meeting of some of the leading
members of Grace Methodist Episcopal
j Church, among whom were J. J. North,
his Son B. D. North, H. E. Bu< ok, T. O.
Lewis and 1". L. Turpin, it was decided lo
place a granite monument over the re
mains of their late preacher. In order
that all might be given an opportunity to
contribute it was decided to open a sub
scription list, limiting the amount given
by each subscriber to $1 and no more.
It is desired to give notoniy the mem
bers of Grace Churcji an opportunity of
testifying to their devotion to his mem
ory, but also the members of the congre
gations at San Die^o. Riverside and Oak
land, where he had labored prior to his
corning to this City.
The intention of his friends in the Mis
sion lo mark his last resting place by a
suitable monument was communicated to
the olhcerj of those churches, and the
answers received gave assurance that sub
scriptions would be taken up at those sev
eral places and the amounts forwarded to
this City.
SMOTHEEED 10 DEATH.
A Baby live Week* Old Dies While It.
Parents Sleep.
When E. W. Perkins and wife of 510 Jes
sie street awoke yesterday they found
that their infant son. Raymond H. Per
kin*, had been smothered to death under
the bed clothing during the night. The
child was five weeks old and slept with its
parents. Although the latter awoke sev
eral times during the night.each .supposed
that the other had charge of the little
one.
They wore greatly shocked upon finding
that in some way the Uaby had been
moved to the foot of the bed while they
were asleep and nd been suffocated.- The
Coroner was notified. As the child's
death was found to have been purely acci
dental and an inquest was waived by Mr.
Perkins no further investigation will be
made. . >
♦ .+ »
Tien True I« Insolvent.
Ben F. True, a detective, lormerly of Sacra
mento, now at 1714 Market Street In this City,
has filed a petition in Insolvency. His debts
amount in £3779 75 and suits against the
debtor for $5i20 are still pending. His assets
consist of book accounts Aggregating $1096 75,
mated to be worth #500.
■ — • — » — •— — —
'»<• i t-iopuit'iit Company incorporated.
The South Park Development Company has
been Incorporated by George Montgomery. J.
E. Landlord, George K. Wells, Charles H. Finn
mid C. B. Fleming, with a capital stock of $10,
--000,000, all of m filch has been subscribed.
» — ♦ — ••
As New Yorknin' Do, So Do the Rest!
This t>aying means that an article receiving
the stump of popularity tncre must have merit.
Evans' ludla P.Ue Aie has been sold in every
prominent place in New York for years, fcher
wood & Sherwood, Pacllic Coast agents. * |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
PASTORS DECRY
SUNDAY RACING
They Regret the Action of
the California Dele
gates.
And Say the Lccal Pulpit Has
Ever Denounced Sabbath-
Breaking.
Christian Pastors Express Some New
Views on the Subject of
Priz -Fighting.
Prize-fighting and bicycle-racing on Sun
day both received the attention of minis
terial bodies yesterday. The Christian
pastors spoke their minds in no uncertain
terms respecting the coming fight in
Nevada, and the Presbyterian Ministerial
Union embodied its disgust at the action
of the California delegates, who recently
upheld Sunday racing, in a series of reso
lutions indorsing the action of the Lengue
of American Wheelmen in forbidding
Sunday racing, and declaring that the
pulpit of California had ever been against
the profanation of the Sabbath, and would
not in the future relax any of its efforts to
make Sunday racing a violation of the law.
The resolutions against Sunday bicycle
racing were introduced by Key. B. S.
Palmer, and in the discussion all the pas
tors agreed with him in alarming that the
local pulpits had always been active in
denouncing Sunday racing. The resolu
tion-- eniDodied the statement that the
California delegates had said the pulpit
had not denounced Sunday racing.
The naper of the day at the Presby
terian Ministerial Union was by Key. E.
H. Jenks, on "The Pastor as an Execu
tive."
The Christian pastors drifted into the
subject of prize-tighting in the discussion
of a paper on "The Uses of the Keiigious
Paper," read by Rev. E. H. Berry, editor
of the Pacific Christian. Key. Edwards
Davis remarked that he would like to
see the Pacitic Christian publish a strong
article on "How the Americans Are Tol
erating the Coming Prizefight."
Mr. Berry replied mat he wt»s too much
disgusted with the whole affair to men
tion it in big paper, iiev. Edwards Davis
took a hopeful view of the matter, as he
J thought pugilism in the long run would
| be knocked outof the ring by culture. He
said- "Prizefighting is a disgraceful exhi
bition of physical strength. It is debas
ing and is consequently being debased. I
hope the championship will finally go to
Peter Jackson, then I should line to see
him have a contest with on orang
outang, that victory might go to the
beast."
"I think this prize-fight is a disgrace to
the State of NevaOa and to the people of
the State," said Mr. Berry. "Every
thoughtful-minded person will count its
cost; It is brutalizing, it will put a bad
light on the acts of the Legislature and it
will bring Nevada into antagonism with
the Christian element of tbe country."
Rev. William Ford rather startled aomt
of the listeners by saying: 'I think that
this prize-fight between Corbett and Fitz
simmons is just as justifiable as the the
ory Mr. Mills advocated in the Senate in
regard to arbitration. If nations have a
right to go to war, then individuals have
a right to engage in prize-lights." Mr.
Ford added that in both cases it was brain
versii3 brawn. His observations of the
heads of Corbett and Fitzsimmons had
led him to the conclusion that Corbett
was the more brainy man of th& two and
that consequently he would b» the victor
of the coming fray.
Rev. Henry B. Morgan of Alameda
wanted to know it brains had anything to
!do with prize-tighting. Mr. Ford assured
| him that they bad. "If I had had time,"
j he said, "1 should have gone to the
Sharkey-Fiusiramons tight, for scientific
reasons, to see the contest of brain and
brawn. If we are to preach against evils
we must see them as they exist."
Mr. Morgan said that the details of
prize-fighting are so well tuown that be
' did not think it is necessary for ministers
to see them.
None of the speakers condemned the
newspapers for giving aotailed accounts
of fighU, but they all gave it as their
opinion that Christians should make it
their business to secure legislation forbid
ding tbe possibility of contests of brute
force.
Rev. Dr. Harris was the speaker of the
day at the Methodist preachers' meeting,
and he occupied his allotted time in read
ing extracts from a booic that has recently
! attracted some attention in the East and
j England. It is by Kemahan and in en
titled "The Child, the Wise Man and the
! Devil, or a Dream of a Christie*- World."
In discussing the paper Rev. Dr. Bovard
said he would like to draw attention
to a signed letter by William McKinley
I which recently appeared in the Omaha
j Christian Advocate and the St. Louis Ad
vocate. ••! can vouch for the genuineness
jof the letter," sairt Dr. Bovard. "Its con
i tents are an appeal to the inaugural bail
committee declaring that the $50,000 col
lected for that festivity is far too large an
amount to be spent on feasting when so
many are poor and hungry. The President
elect begs that $15,000 be given to the poor
of American cities. $15,000 to the sufferers
from the famine in India and $10,000 to
the Armenian sufferers."
Rev. J. H. Smith said he had also read
the letter purporting to come from Mc-
Kinley in the Methodist papers alluded to
by the doctor, but that Repuolican papers
in the East had denied the authenticity of
the letter. Dr. tfovard said he was in a
position to vouch for its genuineness.
At the Baptist Ministerial Union yester
day Dr. Jordan's criticisms^ on revival
meetings were freely discussed. It wa«
proposed to answer them through the
columns of the Baptist paper, but it was
afterward decided to write a kindly com
munication irom the body of ministers
addressed to President Jordan direct. A
committee composed of Rev. Dr. W. F.
Binney. Rev. Dr. A. M. Russell and Rev.
Robert W . naker was appointed to write
the communication. The opinion gener
ally expressed was that Dr. Jordan knew
more about fishes than he did about re
vivals.
A paper was read by Rev. W. F. Binney
on "The Day of Christ's Crucih'qion."
Mr. Watt JUeturns * r.»m Fresno.
First Vice-President Robert Watt, of the San
Joaquin Valley Kailroad, has returned from
Fresuo, where lie has been for several days.
He says everything is working along well with
the road. •
WILL CALIFORNIA HELP?
A Dollar Buys a Quarter Ton
of Corn for the Starving
of India.
Other States Coming to the Front to
Make Up Shpload of Focd
From Here.
What will the people of California give
toward alleviating the distress and famine
now prevalent in India? is a question that
is presenting itself to the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce.
Several Eastern States have readily of
fered to furnish large quantities of corn,
and others are falling in line with volun
tary additions to a general fund for the
purchase of cereals and other cheap stand
ard breadstuff*.
The idea is to send as soon as possible at
least one shipload of 2500 tons, principally
of corn, direct from San Francisco to Cal
cutta, India. The voyage will require live
weeks.
Already President Huntington, for the
Southern Pacific Kailroad Company, has
promised to transport 1000 tons of corn
from Nebraska to San Francisco free of
cuarge. Eastern railroads converging to
ward the corn centers aro offering conces
sions in transportation for tue same gen
eral plan of forwarding provisions west
ward by one of the main inrough lines to
this City. Among them are the Chicago
and Rock Island, the Denver and Rio
Grande, the Rio Grande and Western, the
Chicago and Northwestern* the Union
Pacib'c and tue Burlington.
On Saturday last Senator Perkins tele
graphed to the head originators of the en
terprise in this City that a resolution had
unanimously passed the Senate authoriz
ing the Secretary of the Navy to transport
supplies donated by people of the United
States for the relief of the suffering people
of India, and he »aid also that a deleea
tion will urge the passage of the resolu
tion by the House.
This is an unusual Government act, and,
if successful, means that a ship will be
furnished by the United Slates to carry
the people's donations to the starving in
India.
But tne case ia urgent, and humanity
dictates ilmt the oeople of this country
should not calmly permit the poor of In
dia to starve to death wnen many of them
may be saved at comparatively little cost,
provided prompt action be taken by citi
zens cognizant of the sad plight in which
the natives of another land now tind them
selves.
Tnere are In all India over 285,000,000
persons, over four times as many hs in the
whole United States. Three-fourths ol
that enormous population, three times as
many persons as there are in this country
to-day, are poorer ihan the poorest class i
known in the United States. And added |
to this common extreme poverty some of
them are suffering from a plague that
easily nnds helpless victims among the
starving.
Corn is comparatively cheap in Ne
braska. A whole ton of the very best can
be bought delivered at the cars for only |4.
Every man that gives a dollar to the re
lief fund now practically gives 500 pounds
of corn to alleviate the suffering of some
helpless natives of India. Every child
that gives but 20 cents gives 100 pounds of
corn toward lessening a famine that
already promises to be more devastating
and more pitiable in its effects than the
historic famine of Ireland.
Subscription blanks are being issued as
rapidly as possible by Chairman W. W.
Clark of the relief committee at the
Chamber of Commerce rooms In Cali
fornia street. Telegrams to and from
boards of trades of different cities on tiis
coast and in the East relative to the In
dian famine relief movement are being
transmitted free of charge by the Postal
Telegraph Company and by the Western
Union Telegraph Company.
San Francisco, through its Chamber of
Commerce, has taken tne initiative in the
matter, and is laying and carrying out the
general plan- But the individual citizens
of San Francisco and of California are
looked to now to contribute little sums
which in the aggregate shall make upCal
fornia'p charitable offer to distant human
beings in dii-e distress.
NEW TO-DAY. •
ill ..... iii ii iii —mmmmm m^ P~R^ 4 ■ ->•'-••:--;■
l2^^~-»». I (BUI* ' ! X""f 4
ll^riSl ■ Classes
Wft*m~ Of Men
*^il% 'V fdWam T s the TITLE OF a new BOOK
.- ■ -'^^i'I^JLV ■*- which Dr. Sanden has lately issued.
|SaHK^«^^^^ He Hives it away free to all who call or
_ . BHRgShMNMP^'QIE write. It is a book that appeals to ntl that
£, T&Skj&Rw ? 3tfv is good and noble in manhood. It tells
<&l)r£C WB^'iill how to build up nerve and vital energy
G \ -\ iv; Qaßßl aß^i'- r »Sr ' and now to nttain . full and perfect physical
yiuoova inaiwiHMHj^ \'WrJ mar.hood. It points out the ruinous er-
* ©f MCI!. rors of early indiscretions, dissipation, ex-
>T^ * • cesses, overwork and exposures, and points
Np»»«^» vv^v out the means of a quick and permanent
: . \ajy cure,,. lt gives proof of the wonderful
—■■—■■■■-■ — «^ -W cures made with electricity as applied by
Dr. Sttnden's Electric lioli, the modern life-giver. •-■>•■-■
Young Men
Suffering from Vital Weaknesses of a personal nature and their effect*, who lack vital
force, nerve, enemy and muscular power, and have failed to attain strength and
perfect manhood ; " • -
Middle-aged Men
Who. for want of strength and vigor, whether induced by indiscretion, excesses, care,
overwork, mental anxiety, exposure or otherwise, find their physical powers prema-
turely declining; - . •
Old Men
Who think their waning vitality the natural result of the progress of old age and
decay when it is simply the want of animal electricity and the power of the body to
reproduce it unaided : To the above we would earnestly commend the careful perusal
of this book. A pocket edition will be given free to all who will call at the oth'ce, or it
will be sent by mail, sealed, free to any address upon application by letter or postal.
A study of »his little book may save you years of misery or suffering. It is free. Get
it at once. There is nothing more important than your health. Call or address
sAi«ri3Ei]xr etjEcthio CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— A. M. to 8 P.M.; Sunday*. 10 to 1. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad-
way ; Portland. Or.. 258 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 033 Sixteenth street.
KQ'i'ii.— -MufcenQ unmake m iue number— (33B Market street.
CURED LOVE WITH
AN UMBRELLA
Exciting Scene at the West
End of Washington
Street.
Mrs Doyle Attacks Mrs. Flo
rence Shafer, Her Son's
Sweetheart.
A Warrant Sworn Out for the Arrest
of Mrs. Doyle on .the Charge
of Battery.
That the course of true love never runa
smooth has once more been exemplified
in the case of Mrs. Florence Shafer, a
handsome young woman living at 307
Turk street.
Mrs. Shafer has been wooed for some
time by a young man named Doyle, who
lived with his mother at 3017 Washington
street. Mrs. Doyle does not approve of
her sons choice and the lovers had to
meet clandestinely.
Sunday afternoon Mrs. Shafer was anx
ious to see Doyle and she sent a messen
ger with a note to him, telling bim that
she would be waiting for him on Wash
ington street, between Baker and Brod
erick, and that abe had something of im
portance to talk to him about.
As the sequel proved Doyle did not get
the note as he was out of the house at the
time. Mrs. Doyle got it and being curi
ous to know who had sent it she opened it
: and the contents roused her anger.
Mrs. Shafer was walking leisurely be
| tween Baker and Broderick streets at the
I appointed hour when she was suddenly
' confronted by Mrs. Doyle, who had a
! heavy umbrella in her right band. She
accused Mrs. Shafer of trying to sieal her
son from her and after giving vent to her
angry passions she struck Mrs. Shafer on
I the head and body with the umbrella,
: emphasizing each blow with a remark
that added bitterness to the injured lady's
j feelings.
The attack was so unsuspected that Mrs.
1 Shafer was bewildered for a minute or two
and then she did the only sensible thing
: in the circumstances, took to her heels
; and ran as fast as she could, leaving Mrs.
! Doyle in undisputed possession of the
field.
A crowd had quickly gathered and to
them Mrs. Doyle told her grievance as she
! pointed to the fleeing figure of her woulu
be daughter-in-law.
Mrs. Shafer, still charing under the cas
tigation she had received, made her ap
; pearance in Judge Joacbim*on's court
I yesterday and asked for a warrant for Mrs.
Doyle's arrest on the charge of battery.
After relating the circumstances to war
rant clerk Drury she said: "I don't In
tend that Mrs. Doyle t-hall go unpunished.
I am as good as her son and she had no
right to insult me by beating me with an
umbrella on the public street. She ruined
my hat, which cost me $14, and I shall bear
the marks of the biows on my back and
shoulders for some time to come."
There was no mistaking Mrs. Shafer's
i attitude. The angry tears were in ber
eyes as sho apoke of the umbrella attack,
ana sne signed the complaint in a firm
band charging "Jane Doe" Boyle with
battery.
BOYLE'S MURDER TRIAL.
Taking; of Testimony B«(Un in Judge
Wallare'u Court Yesterday.
Martin Boyie, who killed Michael Lynch
in this City on the 25th of October, is on
trial lor murder in Judge Wallace's court.
The following-nanied citizens were ac
cepted as jurors: Charles T. Dennis, J. C.
Cullen, J. P. Flannery, Horace B. Angeli,
G. Bettman, L. T. House, John J. Murphy,
John Bennett, William A. Hewitt,
Matthew Culligan, William J. Smith, John
B. Rider.
The testimony showed that Boyle and
Lynch bad a quarrel, and it is claimed
that Boyle hit Lynch on the head with a
pair pi scissors,. Lynch was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where the attending
physicians said they could not see any
thing the matter with mm, so be walked
home, near the corner of Vallejo ana
Kearny streets.
Lynch- worked in a tannery four days
after that, and on the fifth day suffered
from a stroke of paralysis. He was re
moved to the County Hospital and soon
afterward died. The theory of the prose
cution, represented by Deputy District
Attorney A. P. Black, is mat the stroke
on the head administered by Boyle caused
Lynch's death. On the other hand,
Attorneys Cook and Sweeney, who speak
for the defense, contend that Lynch's
death was the result of natural causes.
Further testimony will be taken to-day.
The case attracts a great deal of attention,
and the courtroom is crowded with people
from North Beach and vicinity.
Died In Prison.
James Hocy, a painter, died at the Branch
County Jail yesterday afternoon. Death is
supposed to have been caused by excessive
(triukiug previous to his Incarceration. Sev
eral days ago Hoey was sentenced by one of
the Police Judges to three months' imprison
ment for disturbing the peace.
_^_^_^^_^,^ NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
Filial and OPPORTUNITIES
1 IHCII dllU ABOUND FOR EVERY
Cirf*n+<*<z+ ONE to save money
VilCclLC^L at our Great Sacrifice
|-^ • rv Clearance Sale this week,
Dargclin USLVS for its final days are at
hand, as SPRING IMPOR-
Of AIL TATIONS ARE POURING
IN in such tremendous
quantities that WE ARE FORCED TO SACRIFICE
ALL THOUGHT OF VALUE in furtherance of our
efforts to clear out the remainder of our vast sur-
plus stock of Fall and Winter goods at once.
To fully appreciate these opportunities our store
should be visited, but their extraordinary character
can be inferred from the following
Specimen Price Reductions!
CCil nDPn 122 pieces 37-INCH FANCY "MIXED DRESS GOODS,
vULiUIvIuU stylish colorings, tine value for 50c a yard; Clear- OK/»
pvrjrj^^ ance Sale price ..., £O\j
113 pieces 40-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL DRESS
GOODS "" GOODS, in checks, mottled, bcucles and figuren, D.^
v * good value for €0c a yard ; Clearance Sale price OOu
91 pieces 43-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL HIGH-CLASS FRENCH FIGURED £r A«
SUITING, extra value for $1 a yard; Clearance Sale price :... tJVU
52 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL STORM SERGE, value XX
for $1 a yard ; Clearance Sale price OOu
47 pieces 43-INCH WOOL AND SILK- AND- WOOL HIGH-uRADE
FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, latest colorings, worth $1 and $125 a 7X/V
yard Clearance Sale price 1 OKj
»• ' ■
RI \C\C 25 Pieces 29-INCH BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR, worth Q~
ULnvIV. 60c a yard, will be closed out at , OOij
fiOnnQ 50 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGES. Mohair
Uv-JvJLJ^» finish, in three different wales, regularly sold for 75c a Xfir*
yard, will be closed out at 01/0
2 cases ENGLISH CHEVIOTS, 58 inches wide, regular value $150 a yard, 7* n
will be closed out at I uKj
C|| \C 30 pieces BLACK SATIN BROCADES, medium and large fifl/*
J'i-«*V . designs, regular value 85c a yard ; Clearance Sale price Ul/(.#
DFP'T 20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK DUCHEPSE SATIN, extra Q-J A A
* - ' 1 -* 1 ■• heavy, regular value $1 50 a yard; Clearance Sale price.... tjpl.vl/
35 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE. rich, handsome desiens, regu- ©1 AA
iar value $1 50 a yard; Clearance Sale price tJJX.UI/
- I
pApCC LADIES' DOUBLE RIPPLE CAPES, of black bea-
vr\r diJ) yer, upper cape and collar edeed with satin and fin-
i A r C'TCZ ished with several rows of stitching, former price ©9 H\
*JrVwIVI-i IO« $6 50 each; Clearance Sale price tsO» I O
SADIES' TWO-TONED ASTRAKHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk
serge, from? and storm collar edged with black Thibet fur, former price C*/? QX.
$10 each; Clearance Sate price CpU.Oei
LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, half lined with silk, slashed collar ©7 s A
inlaid with velvet, fly front, former price $1250 each; Clearance Sale price V ' V/
PIMRDni CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price K«
DIvUI* 10ca yard; Special Clearancs Sale price O\j
PIPPIF^ CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price in«
*-' *-< »X 11 -' 4 -* 20c a yard ; Special Clearance Sale price IUG
CAMBRIC. NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, special 9X. ,,
values, per yard . .^ I at 7^c, VJ.I4, 15c, 20c and uO\j
rs l r\ 50 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK FOSTER KID GLOVES, colors
iV.IL/ and black (odd sizes), slightly imperfect, worth regular KAr»
fll OVFS $1 50 and $1 75 a pair; Clearance Sale price ; D\J\j
98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE FRENCH KID GLOVES, embroidered
b«ck9 and larce buttons, colors tan, mode and brown, also blacic, regu- <S»-| A A
lar price $1 50 a pair; Clearance Sale price «jPJ..I/U r
iiCM'C 75 dozen MEN'S HEAVY FULL-FINISHED MERINO
JflEl^l iZs SOCKS, with double spliced he?!s and toes, in assorted 1 1) \ ft
X\7 PAD colors, regular price 25c a pair; Clearance Sale price 1— c Aj
weak.
42 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS, with
deep yokes and pearl buttons, well assorted patterns, regular price 83c Xf\f*
each; Clearance Sale price ■. tll/U-
-38 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY LAMBS-WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, good value* for $125 7Xo
each ; Clearance Sale price I O\j
IT\I I HIV LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON UNION
UIIIUII SUITS, high neck, long sleeves, ankle length, heavy Qf\o
T IT i weight, worth $1 25 each, on Special Sale a; yvv
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED UNION SUITS, high neck, long sleeves.
ankle length, warranted two-thirds wool and non-shrinking, natural CM OA
color, worth $2 50 a suit, on special Sale at t|?l.Olr
fHD^PT^ LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra lons waist.
wUI\JL 1 *-?• high bust, two side steels each side, handsomely
rnD^PTQ embroidered witn colored silk flossing, black and Q-j AA
VUlV*> 7 » «-7. drab, regular price $150; on Special Sale at tjpl.Ul/
LINEN'S We have always prided in our Linen business, because It
I IVT CIVIC* « fIS been large and satisfactory to our customers. There
LI lN tlNo. is good reason for it. We choose our goods from the best
European makers, and handle them at a close profit. That is why we are
confident we can give, at all times, best values, largest va rieties and good
satisfaction. For this week a few extras.
BLEACHED DAMASK, 58 inches wide, anew line of patterns; this week 99 V
at. . yard *- £_L»
AN EXTRA GRADE CREAM PURE LINEN DAMASK, solid weave, 63 X()p
inches wide ; this week at yard O\J\j
A CLOSELY WOVEN BLEACHED IRISH LINEN 3-4 NAPKIN (21 ©1 "IX
inches square); Speoial this week dozen «jp-L«At)
BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, nice borders, siza 19x37 inches C»1 Qjr
...• dozen tp±*OO
CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 inches wide, Irish make, the 10c a yard grade; 71^
this week's price. : • 2y
W ASH ■ JUST OPENED— The choicest lines of FINE PRINTED DIM-
r-rirvrlc mes » FRENCH organdies, SCOTCH PRINTED LAP-
UU(JU3. PETS, ENGLISH PERCALE*, DENTELLE FRANCAISE,
AMERICAN BATISTES, Etc., in rich, stylish and exclusive effects, and at
prices almost as low as the common fabrics.
fa/8 MURPHY BUILDING, • /
1/1/ Marie! Street, Comer of Jonei " /
. San Fi'anoisoo. it'Sif- a
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKETS.
S lyer weaker.
Wheat Futures advanced.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Beans dull.
Bran lower. Hay weak.
Potatoes easy. Onions lower.
.Gutter and Eggs weak.
A car of Eailern Poultry in.
Choice Apples firm.
Fresh Mexican Limes offering.
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Provisions quiet.
Q Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
» Cloudy ® ham ® Snow
Explanation.
Tb« arrow files with the wind. The top flirnr«
St station Indicate maximum temperature for th« j
days: those underneath It. If any, the amount of j
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and bundredlhs, .
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid |
Uses, conncc: po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted Hues, equal temperature. The '
word "hUh" means high barometric pressure and i
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low" ■
fers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded >
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*. !
••Lows" usually first appear on the Washington j
roast. When the pressure is high In th» interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south atony the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low- is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rein south of Oregon is improb
nble. ■ With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and j
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition! '
Will produce anvpposite result.
WEATBEB JIIKEAU REPORT. .
United States Dkpabtkest of Agricci/
ti're. Weather .bureau, San Francisco, Feb.
15, 1897, 6p. M. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
os compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season 34 16, last season 24.73,
past 24 hours .24; Keel Bluff 18.91, last i
season 13.83. past 24 hours .01: San Francisco j
16 95. last season 12.42, past 24 hours trace; Fres- j
no 7.95. last season 4.09, past 24 hours .00; ban
Luis Obispo 16.03, last season 17.25, past
24 hours .00; Los Angeles 11.83, last season
5.91 , past 24 hours .00; San Diego 7.42, last sea
son 4.44, past 24 hours .Ou; Yurua 4.b6, .ast sea
son .46. pas; -4 hours. oo.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 55.
minimum 42. ni'-an 49
The storm whi> h was central last evening in
British < ami la baa moved eastward and is now >
centra. In Montana un i In me British possession* j
to the northward. The highest pressure Is still i
central on the California coasi. vain has fallen j
during tin- past twelve hours from ban Francisco
northward and it Is s: ill raining along the coast
from Cape Mendocino northward The pressure
is rising rapidly over Washington, which indicates
the approach of clearing weather. However,
sh oners are still expected in Ca ifornia from San
Fruucisco norm ward. Cooler weather with snow
will probably prevail in Northern Nevada and
I*; oh.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours,
ending at midnight. February 16, 1897.
Northern California— Occasional showers Tues
day in all but ex.reine south portion, probably j
ending during tbe day; fresh westerly winds.
south- in California— Fair Tuesday; fresh we.»t- i
erly win .<<.
Nevada— snow or rain in north portion; fair in
south portion Tuesday: cooler.
Utah— Snow, cooler, Tuesday.
Arizona— j air Tuesday.
tan Francisco arid v cinity— Showers Tuesday, |
probably endiug during the day; brisk westerly
winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
SEW YOMK MARKETS.
Financial.
' NFW YORK. N. V., Feb. 15. -The week
opened with considerable depression at the stock
exchange, the result of the receipt of lower quota
tions from London. Among the important de
clines weie Colorado Fuel and Iron, 21/2 cent;
Leather preferred, li ; i ennessee Coal and Iron,
IVj. and American Spirits preferred. I*4 percent.
During the afternoon, upon advices that the
Kuropean powers had decided to intervene in the
Turkish-Grecian troubles, the market took a sud
den turn for the better and prices rap. illy ad
vance-i. Sugar moved up iy g . Lea her preferred
2> g. Tobacco 2, Tennessee Com. 23/ . Illinois Steel
2 and the balance of the list l-"i.@^ 3 /8 per cent.
The muruei ciosed firm. Ke« changes show ad
vances of ytf&Tfa per <cut, Sugar leading. Man
hattan, however, lost 1 1,4. Western Union 11/3 and
Missouri Pacific 1V 2 . 1 olal sales were 180,115
-shares.
The cond market clo«ed firm, the sales footing
up 8-1.538.0 ,0. A tcli son fours ros* 6/ 8 - Chicago
and Eastern I.liuoi-i general rivet, 1; Duluth, I
:-outh Shore and Atlantic fives. 1V«; Imernrtional
and Great Nor. hern seconds, 3Vg: Kansas and
Texas rives, 1, and Manitoba, Montana Central
sixes. 3,4. Atcbucn adjustment fives fell 1%;
) ort Worth and Denver City sixes, 13 ; Mutual
Un on sinking fund sixes, 11,2.
In Government bonds coupon fours of 1925 sold
at 1223/g; c -vi on fours of lUj7 at 113; do regis
tered at 112@1113 /4 , and coupon fives at 113s/ 8 .
Grain.
FLOUF.-Dtill and easy. Winter wheat, low
grades, $2 80&3 30: fair to fancy, (4 45@4 60- do
patents, $4 uOfa-l 65; Minnesota bear, $3 iO@3 6&
--00 straights, $4@4 36; do patents, $3 10(0)4 85:
low extras, *2 3u@3 30; City Mills, $4<a4 flu- do
patents. $4 90(3,5 15: Kye m xiure. $2 90&310
--superfine, $'..'©2 85; fine, $1 90® !■ 26.
southern Hour, dull, easy : common to fair extra
53 20(g.:-l 60: cood to iholce do. $3 3U@5.
Kye flour. quiet, steady, at $2 ti()@i.
«, C K * ~ Quletl steady. Yellow Western,
♦1 1 5(0,1 85.
KYE— Dull, weaker. • Western. 39:44 1 c
■?^ ii'« Y r QUlet> weak; deeding, 27y.<327%c
c. 1. i. Buffalo.
• WHEAT— spot market more active for export
weaker: f. o. b., 90" c; ungraded re.l, 72<a9•.^c•
No 1 .Northern. 853/ B e, w «-•
Options opened strong at s/a@3/ic advance, de
clined s/ B @iy c, rallied l@li. B e. jell y 2 <rts/ B c,'and
clos-d steely at prices V*- over Saturday. M*v
and Juiy most active. No. 2 red, Febr-i rv 81iAc
«.rch : 8*%;: April BU/4C; May. 80- 8 c; JuV
78V*c; September, 756 /8 /8 y '
COR>'- Spot ruodera.ely active, firmer: No 2
28Vjc elevator: *9%c afloat: .steamer mixed'
Be.8 c.
op.ions were dull at V B c advance. May and
July only traced in. February, 28V»c- May
a»%c: July. :«^c. ™ ' M >f
OATS— spot. null, steady; options dull firm
February, 21 Vie: March, '2lS/ B e.
K Spoi prices: * No - *• 2H/ 4 c. No. 2 white 23 ( -
Nn. 2 Chicago, 221/* c: No X. 22c: No. 3 white!
Blf4e: mixed Wewu, 21@2Ss; white btate and
\\ eater;], 23@i3Uc.
Provisions.
LA I? D— stronger; Western steam 94 12U.
--city. $3739875: May, nominal; refined, tinner'
con. infiii »4 36; south American, $4 65; com
pound. 4fa. .1-4. .
PORK— stronger, moderate demand; new mass,
$3 50^9.
hL'i'i'Kß- Steady: moderate demand. West
ern creamery, 13 @ 21c; do factory, 7@l4 C 
i-lglns, 21c; imitation creamery. ll@l6o. ■
CHI-.KSr — Fair demand. Part skims, s<&9u,c
-full skims. 3@3i/ 2 c. <»»V2C,
BOOS— Kirov Icehouse, case. $2 25@3 80- West
ern fresh. UP/jfi: limed, 12@13c.
TALLOW— Quiet. City, o'^c; country, 31,5.3
Sl/jr. • ■»»
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeiclesdorET St. Tel. Main 1954.
CENTRA I. OFriCB
£23 Market St., Palace Hotel, pur !y <& Atkinson
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hota! (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main lu9l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qno>
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, A. T. ■
Chicago. ritlVATib wiiijj- .NJiW YOH&
COTTONSEED Oil.— Firm, quiet; crude. 20®
20' 2 c: yellow prime. 2.1V2C
HICK- Klrm. fair demand: domestic, 37i@6c;
Japan. 3»i@4l,ic . ■ .
Miii.a»ks- steady, moderate demand; New
Orleans. 22@32c. '
CiiKFKt — Quiet: s@lo point* down; March.
?9@9 05: May. $9 05&J9 10: November, $9 15;
81 ot Hi«. dull, firm: No. 7. B%c.
sUGAK-Firm, fair demand; off A, 4@4y 8 c;
mold. 4%c: standard, 4^gc; confectioners, 4^c:
cut loaf. tie; crushed. sc; powdered. 4. r >Bc; granu
lated, 43/ cubes. 4J%c
1 1 hi" and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc.
I■* aches— PeeitKi, boxes lC(g,lsc; unpeeled,
bags 7@9r.
PRUNES-Four sizes, 4»i@7c
RAISINS-Two crown L. M., 414 c: three
crown, 514 c; four crown, 6<3b'V^c; London layers.
SI 35©1 4ft; clusters, $1 40@l Ht>.
A 1 MOM US* — Soft shell, B@9c: paper shell,
Il<ai2c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 10c.
Hups— Moderate demand; PaclflcCoast, 3®l3c.
London market, firm; coast. 65@70c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece, 22@23c; pulled,
18@31c; Texas, 7<&Uc,
>lerchandl*«.
riGiRON — Fair deman 1. American, fll@
IS 50.
COPPER— DuII. Lake. *11 85@11 1
AD- Quiet. Domestic *3 L's'a.-i 27' ' 2 .
iIN-Btt-ady. fctralts, »13 30®13 40. plates,
dull.
SPELTER- Dull. Domestic, 4@4 05.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 15.-Under the Influence
of war news this morning wheat opened strong lit
an advance of (a l.i irom Saturday. Consols
were 16-16 of a roint lower: that decline, although
not conveying full reason for belief in general
complications, was at the same time sufficient to
lead to a feeling of caution and conservatism.
Saturday's decline in wheat prices was almost en
tirely regained nt the opening, after which trade
oecame rainer dull, the tendency being towird a
lower level. Liverpool opening cabl es were Vad
lower, subsequent onei giving from 1 to li/id ad
vance from the lower iwilni. Receipts were 46
cart at Chicago and 102,044 tusheis were with
drawn from store. The Noilhweflt had '255 CM
against 51 1 cars Monday and 466 a year ago.
The amount en ocean passage decreaieJ 880,
--000 bushels. The visible supply decreased 1,227.
--000 butheia and the English visible 235.000 busn
els. '1 he world's shipments .aM week aggregated
3.387 000 bushels. The market strengthened
later on these shipments, advanced more than a
cent from the low point, but settling back to
ward the 'clone, I'aris and Antwerp cubic* were
lower, Berlin was it rhade higher. Export clear
anefs were light ii: 299, 275 bushels. May wheat
opened from 76 Vic to 75c. -mid between 743/ 8 c
and 767j<'\ closing at 76i/i(S)75s/ B e, li/ie higher
than Saturday. Kstimated ceceipu for to-morrow
40 cars. No. 2 red. spot, whe.it ranged fromß3S»c
to 85" B e. closing about 84Vi@8iVic
COK.\-Tlie corn market exhibited » better tone,
which was due to the Improvement In wheat iiid
the Cretan war incident. A amy good trade was
li' lei at the opening, Out quietness xxi i t<o-c pos
session of lie pit. Receipt* were liberal at 841
cars, and l:-(6,518 bushels were taken from
store. Liverpool opening cables were V*d lower.
The amount of corn on of run passage increased
1.28'J,00u bushels and the vWibie supply 1.0dV.000
busuels. Closing Liverpool tables quoted Vfr'.l »d- |
me from tne opening Xx" orts were heavy at I
Hb8,210 bushels. May corn o,>e;ied at 231/30. ad
vanced to *4c, closing at 2.-." /tl (g<J4e. y 2 c Higher
than Saturday, ts im^ted receipts lor to-morrow
650 ctirs.
OATs— Were slightly affected by the general
tone of Improvement in the other grains. The
trading was Irregular with no feature. liecplpts
were 776 cars, and 121.668 bushels were taken
from s:ore. Exports were 50,454 bushels. The
vls.b.e supply iucrehsed 170,000 bushels. May
oats closed i. 4 c higher than Siuurdav. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow r>7o cars.
FLAX — Was llrm. Cash No. 1. 74c. nominal;
Northwestern, 76c: May, 76Vi@"t> 1 jc; July,
77% c bid; September, 7aVa bid. Keceipts were ]
48 cars
PROVISIONS— A light ran of hogs with an at- j
tendant advance of &t£lUc In the yard price ex
tended linn n ims m product. The provision mar- J
ket also felt the effect of the war si are. Towar 1 '
the close prices advanced on covering by "abort*. "
a prominent commission louse baying heavily 01
port. May porn closed '.5c h.gner. May lard 12Vfcc '
higher and Mar rib. lC<&,l2i c higher
BUTTER— A lair bnanie^s was transacted In the !
but er market to-day. .Receipts were moderate ;
and th- demand good.
Creameries — Extra*. 20 Vie: first*. 18@19c; |
seconds,l4@l6c: imitations, lancy, i:-(a,l4c. Dairies |
— Extras. 17c: firsts. 14@>lbc: seconds. 9010 c. I
Ladles— Extras, ll&l-.'c: firsts. bV2&t?Vy c : ;num;
nook. be; grease. 'Ji, 2 @Hc; roil M.lier, 10^101 2 '-
EGOS- Firm and higher. Keceipts were light, j
stocks small and there was a good demand from j
all sources. Fresh stock 17c V dozen.
MONEY — Was 4V2@ S X on call and 6% on time
loan*. New York exenange was quoted at 50c
discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT- February, 733ic; May. 751/4 '"-75" a c; i
July, 71V4<a71S/»c. '
CORN— February. 213 / ;@il7/ 8 c : May, 2*>y 8 !
24c: July. 25^c
-1 OATb— February. lEi/ 8 c: May, 17V»c; July,
ftSrtK-Jlay, f 8 05: July. $S VO.
J'UKK- May, fS 08: July. $S -0.
LARD— May. *4: July. $4 07 : 2
lUIlb-May, «4 121.;.: July. $4 JO.
Livestock.
UNION YARDS, 111. Feb. 15.-The
receipts of cattle to-day were 15,000 head, against i
18,740 last Monday, 14,094 ayearago a:id 18.807
on the corresponding day in. 1894. Trade opened j
active and tue supply was well taken at stealy to :
strong prices. The general run of tae offerings
were no more than steady, the average receipts
being as usual only half fat, but good weights
rul-d strong.
Tae hog marke: opened active and strong at a
sharp advanco over last week's closing quotations.
About 33.000 hog« were received, against 29.360
last wees and 34.745 a year ago. Chicago packers
and Eastern shippers io-j* hold vigorously and
the i> tis were soon emptied Prices moved "up.v
--10 .0: per hundred pounds, and the larger part of
the nog* were a dime higher.
About 13.000 sheep arrived, against 14,502 last j
Monday, ana 19.79 on the corresponding dvy a
year ago. Irate was ac.lve and prices ruled '
si rone.
CATTLE— Receipts. 15. 000. Fancy beeves, $5 30
©5 40; choice 10 prime steers. «4 r . 25; good
10 choice steers, if 4 50@4 85; medium steers, *I 20
(3,-1 45; fair beef steers, $4 00® 1 20: common beef j
steers. $.1 60@3 95: good to prime Mockers and feed
ers. $3 85<&4 25: common tocood stockersand feed
ers. «- 80@3 tO: bulls, choice to extra. $3 60@3 90:
bulls, poor to choi c. $2 4U(5340: cows and heifers,
cnolceto prime, S3 80@4 26; cows, fair to choice,
$2 65@3 50; cows, common to faircanners, #175
I @2 .0; calves, good to fancy. $5 BO@S 30; calves,
common to gooa, $3 50@3 75; Tex<i<i ted s.eera,
$3 .'.(i.a.4 SO; lexas cows and bulls, $2 10@3 50;
milkers and sprlugeis, per head, $.'.tn.:A).
HOGS -Receipts, 33.1,00. Heavy packing and
shipping laic, (3 40©3 60: common to choice
mixed, (3 40&3 00; cnoice assorted, $H 55@
3 62^: light, $3 45(^3 65; pigs, $3 25®3 62 V«j-
Mir.tr— Receipts. 13.000. Interior to choice,
(2 (,Viq,i 10; lambs, $3 60@5 10.
Kecnipta at Oman 1.
FOIJTH OMAHA. Nf.br.. Feb. 15 — HOOB— Re
ceipts. 1400. Market 5c bUber. Light and mixed, I
$3 35«B» 45; heavy, S3 25,93 35. . -
CATTLE— Keceipis. 150. Market steady to
stront. Steers •< 50@4 23; cows, $1 UWg,.i 50;
feeden. $.i 2o@l 10.
611KEP- Receipts. 1500. Market strong to 10c
higher. Muttons, $3 60.
Kecelpts at Kansas* City.
KAPPAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. IS.-HOOS- R..
relpts, 6000. Market strong to 10c higher. Bulk
sales hi S3 3M&3 45; heavy, $3 3 Ug,.-, 45; light.
«3 2; @3 40; pigs, $3 1(1(^3 30
CAT I'LK-Keceipts.6ooo. Market steady. Texas
steers, $.'(&4; do cows. 8. (52 51): native steers,
bes:, $3@5: do cows and heifers, $I@3 6. *>; siock
ers and feeders, t3@4 25: bulls $U 2b@3 40.
tsllKEl'— Kecelpu. 4000. Market strong. Lambs,
(3 50@t 60: muttons *•: T.j a.:; 90.
NEW "x'OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Jixchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. ■ .'
Money on call easy at lVi@2%: closing easy
oflered al 2%. Prime mercantile paper, 3y. bier
ling exchange firm, with actual business In bank
ers' bills as $4 843,i@4 85 for 60 days and $4 871/4
for demand. Posted rates, f 4 85V^&4 ba. Com
mercial bills, $4 «3V @4 84 Va- Bar sliver, 64" c.
Mexican dollars. 04 s /4.c. Government oouds steady ;
Utate bonds, dull: railroad bonds firm. Silver a;
the board neglected.
CLOSING «TOCK«-
Am Tel & Cable... 85 North American... 4S/ a
1 Atchlson 14 'Northern l'acllio.. 14 1..
Preferred 22% Preferred 31 4 i
Adams Express. ..l 47 Northwestern. 103
Alton, Terr* Haute 66 Preferred 151
American Expresslll N V Central 93
American Tobacco 68»/s N Y. Chicago&btlj 11
Preferred ICO ; Ist preferred 70
Bay state (las 11 1 2d preferred. 24
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15*4 N V 4 N H 166%
Brunswick Lands. •• 3/ 8 N V ft New Eng... 87
Buffalo, Roch &P. H>»/*|N Y. Susq & W.... 9
Canada Pacific 63 '"referred 251^
Canada Southern.. 44 V 2 Ontario 101/4
Canton Land 6U % Ontario & Western 14V 2
Central Pacific 11 Orezonlmprovmnt— —
I cues & Ohio 17 -Prefe-red.. .
I Chicago Alton 162 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Line. 14
Chicago, li & Q.... 74 Pacific Mall 23
1 Chlcaco * X 111.... 42 Peona. I) it Evans 2
Preferred 95 jplttaburi; A W pfd. 15
Chicago Oas.. 7*W a Pullman Palace.... 164
Clev<»<fe PituDiirg.lti6 Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 ' Preferred.; 11
Consolidated (las. . 1 46' ;., Kendtnt: . '■**%
1 C CCA »t Louis... iitji/z KloOrandedtWestn 12
Preferred 75 , 1 referred 38U.
Colo Fuel & lrcJ.. 82 ,'Rock Island 6tii s
Preferred... „.... 90 !RomeWat<fcOeden.lldVa
Cotton O. cert 11 StL&MW. 31^
Commercial Cable. 160 Preferred 10U,
Del Hud50n. ....... 106% M Paul 76
l>el iack&Westrn. 16iV4 Preferred 132
! iJenv.r & R \o^ Pt Paul & Dututh.. 10
Preferred 4.J , Preferred 85
Distillers.. . st Paul A Omaha.. 4*14
1 General Electric... 34 i Preferred ISO
I> -»» 1414 5t I'M & It 114
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 6JV 8
ton Wayne lun southern Pacific. 15i /4
Great Northern Dfd 120 t»oathern It Ii ...... 9
<>"?en Bay. i Preferred 27H
Jl" r1 ' > .....292 Sugar Refinery ... 11 tV a
Hocklngcoal. ss /4 ! preferred '.. ...... 102
Hocking valley... 7V» Term Coal A Iron.. 25V 8
Homestake 35 Preferred........". 80^
7?.* lex Centr »» Texas Pacific 9
Illinois Central.... 92 Tol AA A N Mich.
lowa Central. 7 Tol Ohio A Central 15
I Preferred 3*% Preferred 60
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
Kansas A Texas... IHI4ITOI Bt Louis AX 0 5%
Preferred..., 26% Preferred 18^
Kingston A Perm.. 3 Onion Pacific 7
Lake Erie A Westn 15i^,U P Den A0n1f.... 1%
Preferred 66 ;U B Cordage.. —
Lake Snore I6JV4' I'referred ,— —
.National Lead..... 2 1 1-2 (inarauteed
Preferred 88^ IS Express 37
Long Island . 45 I L' Leather. 7
Louisville A Nash. ID 1.4 Preferred 65*4
Louisville, N Al Day V* v S Rubber ID 1 /]
Preferred 11/4 Preferred 69**
Manhattan C0n.... 87i 4 rtica A B River. ..loO
Mem phis A Chart] 15 Wab 8L A Paclfla 6' 4
Mexican Centra... 8»/, Preferred 1534
Michigan Central.. 89' Wells-Fargo. 68
Minn AS L Western Union bl^i
Preferred Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn Ast L com.. 18 i Wheeling A L X... 2
Ist preferred 77 : Preferred 9%
2dDref(-rred. „ 46 Vi Am Cotton OH pM. 62
I Missouri Pacific... 21 W V Beef 6V^
iMobileAuhio l;OVi Ann Arbor ■ B*/+
I Nushvlile A Chart. 671,^1 Preferred ... 24
I National Linseed.. 13 : Brooklyn Traction. 15\jj
X J Central 9«ViiErie 2d pfd 19
Norfolk A Westrn. lli /g American Spirits.. 18
Preferred n>» /4 Preferred. .— 31
CI.OHINS BONDS.
Ala (loss a *%..... Northern Pac lsU.ll5 l /i
Do Class 84. 55.1U3 ; D02d%...
Alabama, class C. 97 j Do 3d*.
Atchisoa 4s 81Vi Docodsol&s
Do 2ds A 45R«Or lmprovmnt Ist 86
Canada South 2d5.107 - , Do 5s 18
Cen Paclstiof'96 !oßAN"'ist's. 112»^
, Cherokee 4s. 1896.10.H1A Do con sol 5s —
Do 1897 104 Orßhort Line 65.. .11*
101898 104 i Doconsol 5s 761/4
I>olß9S 104 i Pacific 6sof '97....
Che« A Ohio 5s HOVi PhllaA Reading 4s Bl
ChAN PTr Kclsßs 42 | Do Ist pfd Incom. 44
DC 3-663. 109V4 R GrandeWestlsw 7iiVi
Den A X G Ist llli.- 2 Bt LAlronMtUeuss 76
Uo*a 88 |8t L Act FOen 65..111 1 *
Erie 2d 66 Ist Paul Consols.... 130
FtW&DenClty lsts 67% St PC A Pa Ist* ..116^
«IIAB AUs 104 So Carolina 4Vis... ion
!>o2d7a. Sonthern X Ros... 87%
Oen Elec DebSs... 95-1 4 Do Pac Cal lata.. 108
Ii A Tex Cent 65... 1 08 Term new Ss 77
Do con 6s. 102 Texas Pac 15u..... 88
lowa Central »6 4 exas Pac 2ds 2lV a
Kansas Pa Consols 76 Union Pac lsts 96 104 ]
Ks Pa lsts i)enDivlltiV 2 U fc> 4s reg of 1 925. 122
La Coiiso! JJS3/J Do 4s, coupon.... 122V4
Missouri funding... D b 4s reg of 1907. 11
Mh. T i'Oj fisiA Do4s. coupon 112
,^o4s B.xs, 4 Do2s 96Vb
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67>,4 DoSs. Reg 118%
Mutual Union 6a. .110 \ Do coupon.... 1133/ 8
NJ Cent Gen 5i...117i/j V« funding aeot... «J2S/a
£• > CA s; Louis 45107 ' ! Do registered
Nor & West Oen 6s 120 Do deferred 65... 6
> Carolina con 101 Do trust rcpt sipd 6
•^Dotis 120 Wabash Ist 6* 10«i^
NcrthwestConsols. 142 West biioro +* l u t$ 8 ,4
i-uueo to IHV3 1
lOREIUN MAKKKTS.
WHEAT IN LIVKHPOnt,
LIVERPOOL, Eno., Feb. 15.— 1 he spot market
Is firm at 6s 6y a d. Cargoes are dull at 338, prompt
shipment.
HI I II ■ —
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 6s 3t/4d: Mmcn, 6s 3'/3d: M»y, tts 43 4 d:
June, 6s 4^*.; July, ts 4V»d.
tmnrarmm
LONDON, Eno.. Feb. 16.— Consols, 112; silver,
28 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 67Va&
1 \< Ii \>«.l. AM> BULLION.
Herlln* Exchange, 60 days. _ f4 hdVz
f-terllns Exchange, sight — 4bßVa
Sterling Cables . .. — 489
New oik Exchange, Bight. — 25
New "i ork Exchange, telegraphic — 27^
Fine silver, per ounce — *<4 s /k
Mtiltau Dollars — fcj »,^
PEODUOE MAfiKET.
WHEAT A>'iJ OTUKII GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Northernhey takes for Cork 42,
--932 ctl*. valued at Stil/JOO.
Business was suddenly lively on the Call Board
yesterday morning and fjtures advanced 3 Vie
under, heavier sales than have been made for a
long time, the ral y being due to advancing mar
kets at Chicago and Liverpool, .spot grain, which
is slower to move than futures, showed no change.
Quoted at (1 V6@l 32% * c .i Or common grades,
*1 3&@l 3dV4 for average No. 1, $1 37y a "$ ctl tor
cnoice. and 41 4LKSI 60 r- ctl fur extra cnolce
milling.
TALL POARD KAI.KS.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock — May— lo. ooo
ctls, !?1 3SVs: 24.0U0. $1 33. December— 2000,
$1 191/4: 40.0. $1 li>3' 8 .
bxooxo -KBSION— May— 6OOO ctls, $1 35: 18,000.
«1 35V»; 18.0J0. 91 35Vj;2U00. *1 35S - 4000.
1 1 353 8 ; 10.000, «l »5Vi; 400u. «1 34" H ; 0000
#1 34Si: 8000, $1 34^8- bOOO, $1 34*,,; 18,000,
$1 341 2 Dece.»iber - 6000, «1 20W. 12,000
$1 *0S /8 ; 2000, *1 .201.4; 4000, *1 2oy 8 : 2000,
*1 20: 4000, *1 19" . 7
Kehiub Jlorxi.no session — December— 6000
Ctls, *1 19%: VOOU. $1 18»i Mny-4000. «1 3i>%;
18,000, *. i>3B/i; 40J«), «1 b4: 6000. ?1 835/g. '
Afternoon bKSHioN — December— 8000 ctls,
$1 19V» 16,000, $1 l&S/s- May-4UOO, $1 33U:
6000, *1 3/ii/ 2 : 36,000, fl 33i> 8 .
BARLEY— Prices show no change. Feed, 75®
80c > ctl; Brewing, »7Vi@9'2V%o.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 77W.C.
BaoOXXI Sbksion— May— 2ooo ctls, 77% c.
! Km 1 ar Moknino session— May— bUOO ctls.
77" 8 ' ; 20j0, 77»,ic.
Aktkbnoon Skssion— May — 4000 ctls, 77&ic
-2000,775,i,c. '
OAT.-- Are In good supply and dull. Mill in?, $1 25
r/t\ 40: Fancy Feed, sl s7Vi@l 45: Common White,
$lf*l 10: good to choice, $1 15@1 36. according to !
quality. .Black for feed, 91>c(g$l 05; tor need $1 10 I
(3,1 25; Gray, $1 ln@l 30; Ked. 81 10&1 20; Sur
prise, *1 45@1 50 V. ctl.
CORN— Higher rail rates are expected to ma
terlklly cut down the current heavy Imports from
the Ka«t In a few days. here has been altogether
100 much Corn from that section of late, large
Yellow, 76@80c: Small Round Co, 90c: White
77'..(3,52ivjc ti*cil. '
KYK-Hs((i9oc ctl.
BUCK WUKAI— Quoted at $1 15@1 25 fk ctL
FLOUR AM) MILLSTI'FFS.
Toe China steamer took out 13,471 bbls Flour.
LOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*.
$4 83@4 95: .Bakers' extras. 44 7504 85; Super.
tine $4<8»4 35 «l obi.
COHNMKAL, KTC-Feed Corn, $17@17 60-
Cracked Corn. »17 60*18 f* ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In Kicks areas follows,
usuM discount to the trade: Graham Fleu- $2 85
'+ 100 &>«: rtye Flour. 32 75 f>. 100 lbs: Rice Flour
16 75: Corn meal. $2(gi2 -i 5: extra creamno, $2 7t>-
Oatmeal, *3 60; Oat Croats. *4; Hominy. «3 10
©3 30; Buckwhea: Flour, *3 2a@3 50: Cracked
Wheat, f:-t 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour
$3: Roiled Oats (bbls), $5 &o@s 90; Pearl Barley
*3 7504; Spill Peas, $3 60; urueu do, *4 26 %i
100 lbs.
HAY ANu FEKOSTUFFS.
Hay is coming In heavily again and the market
is weak. Bran is 50c lower. No change In Mid
dlings.
BRAN— *I2 50(413 for the best and $11 12
t* ton for outside brands.
MIIJI)LI.N(iS-«18 60*19 50 for lower grades
] and «20(a21 %<. ton for the best.
FKKUsTUrt'B — Rolled Barley, • »17 60«18-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 *> ton; jobbing.
927 60: clipped oats, $1 30<»l 50 t* ctU
Ha — Wheat, $t@ll; Wheat and Oat, $7«*
10: Oat. *«!©•»; Barley. $7(g>B 60: River Bariey.
$6(^6 50: Alfalfa, $6@7 bo; compressed, ska
9 bO; stock, «5@6: <1. ver, ft><§b ton.
b'i'ltAW— V> bale.
BEANS AM> SKKDS.
The China steamer took out 4 .'OO sacks of Beans.
The market rules dull.
BEANS — Kayos, *1 60@l 60 $ ctl; Small
Whr.es, sl 16i*l 26* ctl: Large Whites, *I@l 15 $
ctl; Pinks, $1 10@l 25: Reds, *1 10@l 20: Black
i eye, fl 10@l 16: Red Kidney, $2 50: LI mas, $1 70
(8.1 90: Butters. $1 2501 50; Pea, »l 1 s@l 30
btKlJS— Brown Mustard. $2 60«2 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 75ut2 V ctl; Flux, $1 35©1 40- Canary
Seed, l», 4 <i«--y*c r> ib; Alfalia, 6Vic; Rape. 2V^ld
2S/ic: lii-mii, be; Timothy. 4 V»c
Ultll-.D PKAS— Nlies, 51(3,1 20* ctl; Green
; $1 40@l 50 •■* ell.
POTATOIiS, ONION*, VEGETABLES.
Onions sold considerably lower under more lib
eral receipts. 1 toes are also easy.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 5c •$ ft: Sweet
! Potatoes. $lr<4l 60; Karly Rose. 70@90c: River
Reds.7&@B6c; Burbank Seedlings, 60@70c ?» ctl for
Rivers. auctaSi 10 tor Salinas and bO(<(Bsc for
Petalumaa: Oregon Burbanks, 75c@)$.l 10.
ONIONS— SI 60@l 75 9 ctl: Cut Onions, 75c@
91 25; Oregons, $1 60($l 85.
VEGKTABLEs— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l
ft dozen: Asparagus, «(a!sc V a. ;or common
and v9^26c V It. lor choice; Rhubarb,
— if» box: Los Angeles Summer Squash, 76c
&$1 t^ box; Los Angeles Greon Peppers. 50@75c^
box: Mushrooms. 10@20c V* S>; Marrowfat bquash.
if » 7 ¥ ton: Los Angeles Tomatoes, 50c@$i ft
box; Dried Peppers, 7@Bc ii Ib; Egg Plan.,
9 n.: Green peas, :i<gitic V Il>: Los Angelrs
string Beans. C'^lOc; Dried Okra, »@9c ?i Ib- Cab
bage, 40@50c V ctl; Carrots, 25®80c ft sack; Gar
lic, 1 1/2&2 C * Ib.
BI'TTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market continues to shade off.
Cbkamkby— Fancy Creameries. 20@21c; sec
onds. 18@19c ft tb.
• Dairy— Fancy rolls, 15@16c: squares, 17@18c *
It: good to choice. 13@14c:lowergrades,10(aiSiAc
Pickled-13@14c iH 2> for old and 17(»lHc i or
new.
Firkin— l3@l4c %t Ib for old and 17®18c for
new.
Crjcamkby Tub— l6®l7c lb.
CHK£sK — Choice mild new Is quotable at
10c f. Iti: common to good old, «r*9c ft Ib;
Cream Cheddar. ll@l2c .'ft &>:- Young America,
lie; Western, ll@12c: Kastern, 14@14Vic^ lb.
EGOS— Very weak, but n« lower. Ranch >■ ggs,
13@15c; store Eggs. 12@12^0. Duck Kggs, 16c.
; POCLTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY- A car of Eastern sold at 13@14c for
Turkeys, $5 50 or Luck?, $2 for Geese. $5 26®
5 60 for liens. 15 > &o@6 for young Rooster* and $4
@4 60 for old Hoover.".
Home stock was nominal.
Live Turkeys, 18@14c ft Ib for Gobblers. 13a
14c V lb lor Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 14016 c ¥ Ib:
Gees*, ft pair.' $1 2. r >@l 76: Goslings, $2 50r^3;
Docks, 84 t>O(t£t> 50 for old and $6@t7 for young:
Hens, $3 50@4 60; Rootters. younK. $4 sUias 60;
do, old, $4-. fryers. 95@5 60; Broilers. $4 6O<ss for
large and $3 50@4 for small: Pigeons, $2<s2 60
%i doz for young and 81@1 26 far old.
GAME— English bnlpe are quotable at f2 CO;
Jack Snipe, V dozen: Hare, «1; Rabbits,
$1 "25 for Cottontails and $1 for small: Gray Geese,
(2 60; White Oeese, $1 : Brain, $1 60; Honkers, $4.
DECIDUOUS ANIJ CITRUS FRUITS.
Red Apples are firm again. Fresh stocks of
Mexican Limes are offering.
DKCIDUOU» FRUITS-
Apples, 90c@«l V box for choice. $1 25©1 50 for
fancy :<ed, 50(575c for common; Eastern, $1 50
63 %< bol.
BKIIKIES—
Eastern Cranberries, 56@7 f* bbU
CITKLS FHUITsi— .Navel oranges are qnot
abeat«2@3 f» box; Seedlings, *I@l 25 ?» box:
i-emons, 75c@$i 25 for common and $1 60@2 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. «t>®s 60: Califor
nia Limes. 91 60® 1 75- Bananas, $I@'*'s bunch:
Pineapples, f 2<a,l flaoz.
I'KI iv FKUITS, KAISI.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
lAKi.oAii Lots— Apricots are ctiotable nt 609e
for itoyA*. i and 1 1 V4@l2c for choice to fancy Moor
parks: Prunes. 36&3V4.C for the 4 sizes* Peaches.
4tosi .!■« for prime to choice, 6^®7c tor fancy and
S»(3.!0i: lor peeled In boxes; Apples. 6<55U.3 for
evaporated aim 2©2^c for snn-Uned; fears, 2i- a
@5c for prime to choice, 4@sV^c for quarters anu
t@6V.c lor halves: j'ltim.i, 4c for pitted ana 1 Vac
lor uupitieU: Nectarines. i l /3& iK< c lor choice and
6 Vac «or lancy; Wnlie Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2V»
(J'^lnC.
Jobbing Tricps— Peaches, 4Vi@ s !: * &>!
fancy, 6i/<!@7^c fl lb; peeh-d. IZ^ac^tb. Apri
cots, 6 1 /2('J'V'o ft tt). jaacy, 10c; M oorpark^. IV@
13c; evaporated Apples, 63.4 c: sun-dried. 2»i@3c;
Prunes, 3VsC for tin? 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed and 3@3i/ 2 c for pressed: white Figs, 4c;
Plums. 4Vitt!>c tor pitted and lVi c lor cnpltled:
Nectarines, 4%6c v» tt) for prime to fancy; Pears,
. ' : « fir lor whole, 4Vb@sVfec tut quarter* and
4Vs««M» c for baizes.
KAISIXS—
Carload Prices — Fonr- crown, loose, 6s/gC;
three-crown, 48/ gC Ib; two-crown, 3^-gC *«* ID.
■eedless r->ullaiiki, 6-i/ic: eeedU-ss Muscatels, 4S/ a c';
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, Cl 60;
1 cbi-ia clusters, 82 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried (trapes. 3c ia Ib.
Jobbing Pricks— San Francibco— Four-crown,
loose. 6»ic: 3-crown, 4 8 /ic: 2-crown, 3%c: need
less Huitanns, 5:;, c. t»-ertless Muscatels, 4' 2 c;
3-crown London layers, 91 25; cluster*. 81 60;
l'ehi'NH clusters, *2 76: imperial cluster*, $3 23.
N Chestnuts quotable at 8«»l(>e: \Valuuts,
6%(3(7c ft a* for Ktaudard and 9<o.9V<|C V »> for
soitsnell; Almonds, ti'.ttii«c for l.uuKm-doc, 3&
3 Vic for hardshell andes'jc %* U) for paper shell;
IVaDuts, 4r<SCe t« Ib for I- astern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts s(g;>ic '4/ It.; Pecan*. V'-.j^
be ft to; 1-ilbt-rts, 7y 2 @Bc: Brazil .Nuts, 7%@t>c:
Cocoauuts, *6@5 60 <* 100.
HONKY— Comb. 10@12J^c for bright and sr<t9r.
for lower Kraties: waiervviiite extracted, f>»s'/2<5;
llßht amber extracted 4>/2tiS' l^i c ; UarK »OiiKjr.
4@4V s c: dark. 2(a3c %l Ib. '
Ilt.tbWAX- •J2(g,25c Ib. •
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ? ft for heavy. 7c
9 tb lor light medium, tti/oc for light, 10c 'p n> for
extra light and ll'/ac «* It for sugar-cured. ast
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12@12%c: California
llamn, 10(a.l0V«o: Mess Beer, $7(57 60: extra
mess do, SS&B 60: family do, si-U 50@10; extra
prlmo Pork. S7 50 @ 8: extra clear, J?ltf i» obi;
luess. $14 ft bbl: bmoked Beef. 10c 9 ID.
LAUD— Kastern. tierces. Is quoted at 6%cfor
compound and G©6 Vie for' pure: palls, 7c: Chlii
fornla tierce.i, .■>(a.-S 1 ' *Ib for compound and 0 1 / 4 c
lor pure: half-buis, ti»4C, 10-U* Him, 7 Vic; do, 6-lb,
7Vic i> lb.
■ COT iuLEKE— 6®6iic In tierces aud7>/49bi s?
In 10-tt> ttu*.
MIDJKS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and orand* sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c "j* lb:
medium. 7c: li,-;ht, t@6V^c: Cowhides, 6@t>Vi»c:'
sailed Kip. 6c * Ib: KKned Calf. 7@Bc: saved
Veal. 6c: dry Hides. 12Vfe®13c: culls and brands,
9V<j@log V tt>: dry Kip and Veal,9(£Sloc:dry Calf.
16c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, . 204£35 c each: Kld%
6c; Deerskins, good summer, '.&c f\ !b: medium,
•iOc; winter, 10c; Jr-beenskins, buearlings, lO@2Oo
each; short wool. 26<535c each; medium, 30(g)15c
each; lone wools. 4O@(3Uc each.
1 ALLOW- No. 1, rendered, 3@3V4c; No. 2, 2V<jc;
retitiad. sc: Urease, 2c %4 lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@BV*-c ?! lb: middle counties, free. 6 ; 2 r d
7c: do. defective, 4Vi@«c: San Joaquio. 3®sa: ao.
foothill. 6;3i7c: Kastern Oregon. 7@loc: Valley
Onion, fall and lambs', lO^llc ft Ib
110i 1 .-.— 630 c tor lair to choica and 9010 c%* Ib
for lancy.
GENERAL, MKKCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Basts, spot. Be; Jane-
July delivery. 6c: San Cluentln, $4 75; Wool
Bass. 24Vi@2tfi£c
COAL— Wellington, $1 ?Uon; New Wellington,
Shi* ton: bouthtleld Wellington. f7 50 V ton;
Seattle, ?5 00: Bryant, *5 50; Coos Bay. 94 75;
Wallsend.s6 60: scotch. : Brymbo, : urn
berland. $13 bO In and $15 In sacks: Penn
sylvania. Anthracite Kane, kll@l2 V ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $8#10: Cannel, $8 > ton; Rock
Spring*, castle vale and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. ?llc<Sl2 In bulk and *13 9 ton in sits.
i-UiiAU-riie Western Smsar lletintng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5V2 :
Powdered, oc: Fine Crushed, 6V%c; Dry Granu
lated, 43^c: Confectioners' A, 4*/»c: Magnolia A.
4c; Extra C, S'fyc: Golden C, 3 3 , 4 c; halt barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vis l3 more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock; from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6c: choice, 6 %c: second,
s(afi' -jc: third do, 4^4 y 2 c V tb.
VEAL— Large, e@7c; small, 7@Bo t> !b.
ML'TTON — Wethers, 6V*s®7c; Ewes. 6<g6Vic
* Ib.
MB— Spring. 10@12l/ 2 rH lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, o3- B 'g>Si' 2 c t* Ib for lar?o and.
36'u(<$33ic for small and medium; dressed do, 4-'»
©t>u "ft m.
RECEIPT 3 OF PRODUCE.
Ron 24 lrni-Ri ■
Floor, or sks ... 674 bran. sKs 2,630
Oregon 18,336 Oregon 2,400
Khct ctls. 1,640 Straw, ions - 92
Oregon 450 Uuiwr. civ..._ 74
Barley, ctls.. ._. 6,950 Cheese, ctls...._ .42
Beans, 5ki....... 4,776 tut, do» 4.410
Corn, ctls Hides, no 64-'
Eastern 6,6u0 Pelt*, bdls 1:0
Oats, Or, ct15..... 675 Wine, gals _ 24,100
Eastern 2,400 Brandy, gals 1,000
Potatoes, ... 1,8 >U Quicksilver, Uisi j x
Oregon 4,478 Wool, bis 84
Onions, iki 415' Oregon 61)
Oregon, sks.... 926 I .earner, r0115. ... 40
Middlings. »*»... 7.5 Lime, bbls _ "01
Oregon 600 Shorts. Or, «ks.. 1,250
Hay, tuns _ 740
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Share* Showed 'No Change
Worthy of Note Yeaterdajr.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are as
follows:
Consolidated California an'l) Virginia —
1000 level— The s"tith drif: started from the west
crosscut at a point l'J-l feet In from the top of the
upraise from west crosscut 2 from the north drift
from the Consolidated Virginia shaft st.vion has
been extended •_"_• feet, parsing through porphyry,
clay and quartz of low assay value; total length
10*2 feet. 1550 level— For convenience we shall
hereafter designate as the 1550 level all our mine
work from the nest drift on the twenty-sixth floor
above the 1760 level. The south drift from the
west drift, which runs parallel with and close to the
foot-wall where the good streak of ore was found,
has been extended 18 feet, passing through por
phyry streaked with quartz In the lower half of the
face of the drift, the streak dipping toward 1 the east
assaying from $;> to $15 per ton, total length 49
feet. Th ■ drift has been timbered a distance of
36 feet in from its mouth. In cutting our on the
eas. and west side of this drift for pots we have
saved 4 tons of ore ass tying 91 15 20 per ton.
16J>0 level— We aie repairing ana easing tlmbe:s
on the ninth floor In the south drift. On tne ninth
floor (the first floor above the sill floor of this
level), at a point 100 eel east and 25 feet north of
an ea»t line irom the Consolidated Virginia shaft,
the incline upraise has been carried up 18 feet on
the slope, passim; throuzu porphyry, clay and
quartz, assaying lroin $1 to«*2 50 per ton; total
height. b8 feet on the slope above the 1650 leve
From the Incline npraU , at a point 60 fee. above
the sill floor of this level, we have worked west
on a streak of ore and have extracted therefrom 6
tons, assaying $70 SO per ton. From the top of
the incline raise. 88 feet up on the slope, a west
crosscut has been started »nd advanced 19 feet
passing through porphyry, clay seams mid lines of
quartz, a sa» ing $1 75 per ton. 1 his crosscut will
connect with our twenty-sixth floor during the
coming week.
1750 level— From the tenth, eleventh, twelfth
*m « t ? enth floors on-ihe east side above the
sill floor of this level at the north end of the stope
in the old ground of former working* wo have ex
tracted dl tons of ore, the average assay vune per
X??n e8 lalten from the Oltrs >" lhe ">' n <- was
$ 28 60 per ton. The total extraction of ore for the
week amounted to 37 tons: the average assay
from sample taken jrom cars when raised to the
surface was *41 02 per ion.
In the Ophir mine on the 1000 level west cross
cu, 9is in 389 feet. The face is in soft Porphyry,
•seams of clay and lines of low-grade quar 7. From
the old central tunnel workings of th« Ophlr they
I* I™'-1 ™'-- during the week 6 tons of-ore assaying
■ In the (.'hollar mine no work was done during
the past week. -, '•
in th« Putosl mine the south drift from the top
of the raise connection on the tunnel level has
been advanced 81 feet during the past, week, and
is now out a total distance of 111 feet. Ihe face
is compose-i chiefly of quartz giving assays of
from 46 to $12 per ton.
In. the liale & Norcross mine they continued
easing timbers in the n alii shaft berween the 700
and BUO levels. On the 900 level the upraise
start* d from the sixth floor 31 feet Bouth of No. 1
upraise was carried up 7 feeL Total heigh:. -Jl
led, following stringers of quartz assaying *5 10
*10 per ton. No. 2 upraUi — S;ane! Ml east cross
tut from the tenth floor and advanced it 12 feet
through porphyry.
Bbuxswlck Look— Con. California and Vlr
» i«, Best A- Belclier mid Goultl & Cnrry— Shaft
2—M)O level— 1 be "east crosscut started in the
south drift 150 feet from the -haft has been ex
tended 10 feet, parsing through porphyry and
stringers or quartz; total length 49 feet ■ The
chute on the 3O1) leve has be. 11 completed and
the station enlarged. \Vor<c was resumed in tie
shaft, whic'u was sunk 16 feet on he Incline; to.
tal depth 656 feet; bottom in porphyry. Work
was resumed in the jolul sou. h drift, and It has
been advanced lb feet; total leu?tn 180 feet; face
In porphyry.
Occidental Con —550 level— The main east
crosscut on this level has been extended 10 feet;
total length 750 feet: face In nurd roclc 750
level— 1 ht? south drift from west cro wut has been
advanced 19 teet throtiijh porohyry and quartz of
low assay value: total length 96 feet. 8.">0 level—
lhe south drift on this level was extended 11
ret: to ai leneth 95 feet: formation quartz and
porphyry, with bunches of pay ore.
Caoi,f.a»— ttfian 1 has been sunk 9 feel during
the past week and Is now down 818 feet on the
slope; the bottom is in the footnall, composed of
bard ro<k. A portion of the week has been de
vot« d to re pal is.
-00 levei — Have raised for the seventh floor
above the level, the ore streak maintaining its
width and vaiiiH at this 1 o nt. In the winze
l>elow ibis level have sunk oue set. or 7 feet, the
pity ht-ini; 2 to 3 feet wIJ» mid of quod grade.
SCO-level— There is no change to report of the
opeuinirs on this level.
400 lev»i— The ra:se above No. 1 east crosscut
on this level is up live floors aud has not been a<l
van<e<! for the week. Have opened t»o sets
ti'jrth 011 the fifth floor, the pay being 5 feet wide
at thm point and face samples ruunlng from )f»-0
to $^5 j.er ton. The main iouUi drif on this level
hits betrn Hdvanced 15 feel through very hard
ground and is now out 282 feet from the iine, or
48 houth of No. 3 crosscut.
SOU level— The soiith dr. ft from the station has
been driven 6 feet per day since last report through
stiff Krounit ami is now out IC4 feet. The past 10
feet has I eon softer and como >sed of rlay slips,
porphyry and w«mi and t>tivaks of low-grade
QtiaxtS. Have shipped to the l"nited States Mint
Hie January cleuu-up, assayniß S7H6B S9. par
vuluc, from wh:i:h they obtained $4505 79 gold
an 1 silver bnrs valued »t $ltS3 96 Have shipped
to the Nevada mill on February account 130 tons
ana 100 pounds of ore, assaying as fo.lows: Top
car samp c $26 59 «o;d, $16 - 33 ounces silver per
ton. Are ac.umulailng the ore in the dumps suffi
cient for a run.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the tales In the San Francisco
Mock Hoard yesterday:
RFOIIAR MORNING BKS3IOJC. mifHtXCIND 9:30.
600 Eolcner..-25'100 U<fcO 45 300 Savage. 44
300 CC&V...2.C5 100 H<fcN._ 1.30 200 . . "if.
ICO 2.lt2ooOphlr 8910J Union.... M
200 C0nn.. ..1.00 300 P0t051....46 600 1' J»C1«..26
400 C Point. as I
A*TFRNOON SKBSIOX— 2
2300 Alpha. 50 ConH 95500 Sarace ..45
200 A Dries 15 600 «i ic. 46 tOJ * Nev. 38
200 Belcher... si 100 HAN. ..1.26 500 BU HIU ..01
600 U<fcH 7u 100 Mxlc 40 .'OO Mnrd.,.1.65
40J Choir Bf 300 N G& U..i0200 Union.... bK
10 ' Change. ..:-.7 15j Ophir 91 510 Ulau 07
100 : J .)-ilso B'J iOii X Ja«J£«..2s
260 CC&y...2.i6 I
Following were the wiles in the Pacific Stock
I oaid yesterday:
KFOI'I.AR RKSSION— IO:3O.
400 A1r>na.....07|350CC*V.. .2.05:500 Ophlr 90
»«0 All« 04*00 2.10700 89
800 Andes 14 40u U Imp 01 300 0vrmn....1l
900 Ke1ch«r....25 400 O'J 400 Potoal ..45
301) UB Sh 100 C P0int... 26,200 .'.'...47
300 67 700 26 ! 600 Ravage".'.. 4.
\i\jt> *>uliieu....l«Uoo 2i 500 Scorpion. .o2
iOO Caleda. . . . I ', 500 Exchr 04 301) 88& M...06
200 10 <0J l> «C«J 45 25) K.NVv ;-h
-'50 Ch11nj;e,..42 I6i) H&N....1.31 1000 8 Hi 11 ....01
-00 HP tOO Justice... o<i 26 Mini.. 1.60
400 Chollar....*B -'00 Kentuck..O2 100 1.05
700 bt 800 Alex 41' .-M)d Union 36
*00 9 |: 00 39 iOJ Uv»n ..'...07
100 C0nt1.. .1.01 i.O uccil UP 350 V JUKI _-Jij
AFTERNOON BESSIO!C— 2:3O.
300 Alt* 04 3UO lalwia.... 100 Ophir 90
200 Andes. ...l 4 100 CC<fcV....2V 8 20J '.....VI
SOU Leicner.. 700 a. iu'iUO Uvrmn....O9
600 .26 200 2.17Vi ! 30» Foto»i 46
300 BAB 67 50 Conn -'00 „. 49
20.1 7' 203 CrwnPt..2V2o» c ....««
1500 Bullion.. IX iliO 26 400 45
2U'l Change... S7l 01) MAC 45 300 » Js'evl 37
100 3b 160 HAM.27Vi 40 tstnrd...l.7O
200 3»200 1.2 a 10 1.65
66 » cuuir 400 Mexican.. 39 250 Onion... 37
300 90 200 -41 400 V 1 ...25
600 UI3OO ocoidt:....Oß|
CL,OSI>'Cr QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. 15 2p. m.
SI «». A** «f.j £vu An/en*.
aw rtm.-... 07 OblJnlU _ — 03
Ait*. 0* 05 Justice „ — u5
Andea. — 14 16 KeutnclL...^. 01 13
Belcher 23 25, Lady WiU.... Oi »2
Best A Ueloaar 68 70 Mexican 40 41
Bentou C0a.... 16 20 Nevada Qaeoa. 14 —
bullion 09 It Occidental..... 09 10
Caledonia. 09 II OpUlr 92 «3
CboHar 90 91 Overman...... 10 12
Con.Cal.ftVa>.. 2.15 2.20 I'otosl. M 4« 48
Cnallens« Cox 88 39 -ava««i „ 4a 45
Con. Imperial. 01 ti. scorpion. *>'J 03
Contidence 92 93 see. Kelchar. .. 05 07
1011 Now Yo« — 12 -liver Hill — »1
Crown Point... 24 20 ■sierra -Nevvli. 37 39
fc.a»u4lerraN*» — Li -standard 1.60 1.65
kurekaCoa... — '.0 -■ynaicaui. .... 02 1.3
b-ictieouer — 05 I n10uu0a..... 37 38
ouuiu oc curry. 45 46 Litau — 18
«ini4.\u000a.'jti Hi Vvlluw jiuk«. 25- 2S
Jacknon. — 261
STOCK AXD BONO EXCHANGE.
MON.JAV Feb. 16 2 p.m.
UN IT II STATES BONDS.
/ •«.. A »*.cu. I JifL Jttked.
US4s e0n0.112 — L- S4arej...lU» 110i 2
liuue* lssuelk'J — |
«!~«T,UNkOH nr>v-<t
Cal-BtCbl »3s. HOi/2 - OakUas 5a.. — 104
Cal KlecL 6*125 IS2 Do IMb 65... — 110 V*
CntraC — bY i >niiiibiM tfs..l2l%r.i'iJ*
Dpm-stex-cp — t*7 l/* P&O Ryßs. — US
fcdsnL«SPosl27% — PACnKy6s. — 103
F&UHRRUsIO4%IIO Pwl-Bt KR6UI4 119
(i«arr-st KSslOJi^lO!.'!,*, l'.eno. WUL — 10*
H IJts .•'■.•»•». In _ bacto 1* it L. — 100
LosaiikL6* — 100 SF&NPRS*. 100^101
Dow meed 6s — 101 SPRKArIz6i 91V4 9J
Mltt-stCb!e6sl2^7 — sPKRCaIdj. — 115
DoHyCon 6<i.lot>3. B loßi> / iSplUUalsi. — 100
KuiVlntfalai — HIV ~PBrRCal6s. 97*4 —
NevCNgß7s.lO3 105 SV Water Us. 120 120%
X Jly CiU 100 — I s»V Water 4s. 100 —
NltyCaloa. - 95 StktnUdtK 01 — 102%
•»*tkh btockv
Contra Costa i.o\ i 40i / ii«prn« Valley 1714 98
MarlnCo..... — t>5J 1
«*9 AXDEHCTRIO ■ TOCK4.
Capital — 25 Pacific Light 49 —
Central 98% — SFG&EIec. t)5U| 95.v g
iX Klec Lleac 7 — -an 1-rancsoo 2 3
OaIcUL&H — 64% ~io«.».iou — -0
Pac <--«3 imp 90 91%
-•NSCBA.NJ* ITTOCKI.
Flreman'sFdlßo — jSua — _
cdMU'-.n -i\: rank WIOJKI.
ADRIo-Ca1.... 61 63 I KlrstNatlonllSO^ilSß
BanKotCal.. — 241 !.on(Jonl\fcA.U7» 4 —
CulbD&TColo7y 2 10»% MerchEx.... 14 —
MVIXI" HANK BTOOItI.
GerH&LCo- 1325 1400 Sav&Loan.. - 105
llunibSiL.liUJ — Security 241 —
Mutual M — Umou Trust. £l6 —
t=l-Siiv Union — 476 |
CTRKKr KAILROAn ■T«V-t».
California.... - 108 lOakSL&Har — 100
U«-aryst...._ '20 — Presidio..... 4% —
Market-a1.... 4354 -.* .
k~#UaM STOCK*.
Atlantic n... 16 17 C 00.... 2B3 4 SOl4
California.... 80 110. Vigorlt. — J>Oc
Eastern D.... 80 87%|
lIISCtLLANKOD^ (TTOCKt.
Alaska Piers. — 104 iNatVlnCo.. - P%
Uer Lead Co. bO lUU oreanlcßSCo 23 25
HawCAst'a. 16 l6V» ! Aux FA — 4
Huidi.il'to 24^« faoßoraxCo. — 90
MerKzAssn.. — "lib |P«r»PalntCo — I
SALES— MORNING SESSION:
Hoard—
20 ilarkel-st Raliwav . 43 37Va
10 Pacific « as Imp 6' 00
110 s F Gas & Eiectrlo Co 95 75
150 BY Water v 8 00
5 do do 97 87%
I3OOOSK4S P Hallway Bonds 100 87%
$1000 3 V~4X Boncm 100 25
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 40 00
25 Giant Powder Con »') 60
45 do do 30 00
35 do do 29 76
200 Hawaiian Commercial... 16 0
110 F Gas & Electric Co 95 75
dO do do - 95 62%
)0 Hutcblnson 3P C 0... „ 24 76
100 Maricet-st Hallway....^ 43 50
100 do do ; :... 43 75
2 V Water 9S 00
Ktr«—i— * . .
*4000 Edison Light 4 Power Bonds- .. 127 60
*8000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 122 00
ldO B F Gas A. Kleitrlc Co 97 75
HOTEL /RR.VALS.
GRAND HOTEL. .
Miss M Mcßae, losAnc J W Butterwortn, Wash
G Weir, Pi'taiuma KMoffatt. B l.erkeley
Dr c i. ration, Stockton Mrs X 11 Helley. Alaska
.1 Kin?. Ariz, .1 M (. limiey. Watsonvla
M X Junes, Cat L II Cox, Seattle
(1 R Lime, !-ac:o J O Greenbauni. Seattle
F C Marr, s-acto W Dargle A «. Victoria
J A Brown, aarto F Dodge, Kansas City
Miss X Simmons, Sacto «i A K-iitllit, Chicago
Miss i- Jarvla, >acio Mrs v If Hurls, « Jose
J H Henry, Sacto ■ A ■'< Walsh, orovllle
F V Humphrey, Sacto J McCarthy, Oakland
11 James, t-h!cai<o J M Thonia* <Jt w. Md
M Woodson, Chlcaeo D W Burchard. San Jose
Ml*sßWnodson,< hlcago J X Tri? onu, a mador .
H Josh, Marys v ll* O l.inco, Jtliil* Landing
A J Kegau, MI. Oblspo A3t Duncan, Fish Kock
II II l.i-e, Denver H \V Ciabb, Oakville
J M Wright, J A Henderson, Winters
S x Hall, *acto II Howard, Stockton
Mrs V Hough. Sta Rosa J Ii Glass. MD, Cal
CHunsake. >a.liiKs W A Morrissey, Stockton
J J Morey, Wataonville J Craijr, Hichlnnd Sprgs
G C Reynolds, Auburn S Younc. HlithlandSprgs
*' S Reynolds, Auburn 'G A .Newell «fe s, NevClty
R H Tynan, rortl.nd « U Peters, i reiia
LICK HOUSE.
A Howell. Modesto H M Van Deurs. Portlnd
Wm At wood, Wash li D smith. Oakland
J M Levee, Vallejo ' D i' 'I urpy,' (a!
G U Keynolds. Auburn <;eo Steward, Idaho
A Ross, st Helena ■ J L Hiidner, Holllster
Mrs X il-mlng,.-an Joie -Miss D B<-ckman, 8 Jose
Mis* N Coriccrk-. a Jose W 11 lVtiit. Boise City
Wm X i iill4t Boise City J A Carson, Boston
OK .Incker. >enltle Miss m Karman, TorODto
X Casper, Vallejo X >' Robert!", Sacto -
Chns t-chnabel. 1 ortlnnd X N AlUai d, Los Auk
1. II pnaiß, .Mariluez O\V llnlsteud, I'l R»-yes
C H Luff, i'eialuma J C Woifsklll it w.suiiun
Tom 0 Uarrie, >onora H I' Vaux, MD, a Cruz
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Rosenberg & w.Wdlnd J Walters, Stanford
is m , lrdsall, sonora 11 Gotten bere, Sonora
f „ yons, Sonora J C Won, s-onora
« « Barker. Llvtrmore CF M Everett, Wash .
a Han | sn . Los Anic B T Brooks. Rlvers.de
 C Brown, Riverside P H Remiilard, Oakland
»»llars, «acto Miss Hunter, Stockton
fj r Meneray & w,» Rosa Mis smith, Sacto
" Moore, Vallejo L 0 Buckley, Stockton
* V Bcott, Santa Cruz
PALACE HOTEL.
P Davis A w.Coultervllle X Krandc, Omaha
W swamon.Los Anuelea J J Atkins, Mass
A M Andery, Carson J Elwel , couth Berwick
Mrs W r A Frost, Chicago Mrs C A Underfeller.JJ V
D Cobleniz A w, Seattle J W Hoyle, Portland
R Janjuka. Japan X W Waybright, Denver
Mia» b Iracy, Minn W M Jack A w, Portland
Miss M B Trary, Minn P A Jlohr, Tacoma
.1 M Gearin, Portland .1 L Story, 1 he Dalles
s B Hynes, Los Ai geles H X Parkhurst. Pornand
A A Wheeler.ClearLake C A Uriscom, H V
X A McDonald, Tacoma J F Davis, Jacitson
X X (illddeu, Boston M Cuiiahy, Chicago
<J c Kanfmau, N V <i X Van Woert, Chicago
V I) Black. Salinas J A Campbell, iJl«kely
X Foote, Red U ing .1 H Lancasier, R T^
U E Goodman. Napa Mrs 8 A White. W lllit'.s
Mr* O X Goodman, Napa Mrs Jone*. Wlllttts
J h Henderson, lowa W s Bovnton, Colo
Mrs J S Henderson, lowa H B Irving, Vancouver
Mrs McMillan, lowa Mrs Irving, Vancouver
Miss Hulbert. Vancouver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Fred Thomas, Stockton P Leslie, Stockton
D Matthews. Kureka T W Wallers, Eureka
P C May ford, »-al Frank Morgan, Cal
R <J Williams, Cal C Crenson, Fresno
P Muriiby, Visalia D It Hanseu, Fresno
s .Viontgoinery, Tulare J Lagder, sacr»mtnto
I) M iin-iiiian", Cal F Fogariy, Fresno
C L Piper, Merced H S Hill, Los Angeles
J Wlnnett. C.l James Daniels, Suisun
A s scofle d, Stockton S J Cox, Springfield
it A Paine ft w.Ohlo W C L«-vingood, 111
W T Piescott, Cal J W itodemann, Cal
A A Martin, i alistoga J A Kurton. San Mateo
R T Randall, Albany X J Mylar, Philadelphia
X A BMtOo, Jaiu-sville Miss S Royce. Su sub
T C Bar les A f, I' a H C Young, Texas
sv Jackson, M.txlco "WPGnllittis.New Orleans
V A Touiij, Chinu
WHY ONE HYMN WAS WEITTEN.
It Commemorated a Pathetic Incident
in l>r. Fnwcett'B Life.
A patuetic and yet charming story is
told of the origin of the well-known hymn,
"Blest be the tie that binds," which was
written by Rev. John Fawcett, an Eng
lish Baptist, who died in 1817, .having
spent nearly sixty years in the ministry.
It was in 1772, after a few years spent in
pastoral work, that he was called to Lon
don to succeed the Rev. Dr. Gill. His
farewell sermon had been preached near
Moinsgate, in. Yorkshire; six or ?even
waeons stood loaded with his furniture
and goods, and all was ready for depart
ure. ;
Bui hi 3 loving people were heart-broken ;
men, women and cbilden sphered ail a
clung about him and his family with sad
and tearful faces. Finally, overwhelmen
with the sorrow of those they we're leav
ing, Dr. Fawcett and his wife sat down on
one of the packing-cases and gave way io
grief.
"Ob, John," cried Mrs. Fawcett at last,
"I cannot bear this! I know not how to
50 !"
'Nor do I either," returned her husband,
"And we will not go. The wagons shall be
unloaded and everything put in its old
place."
His people were filled with intense ioy
and gratitude at this determination. Dr.
Fawcett at once sent v letter to London
explaining the case, and then resolutely
returned to his work on a salary of less
than $200 a year.
The hymn waa written to commemorate
the event. — Youth's Companion.
TUtl CALL CALENDAR.
FKBBI7ARY, 1897.
C*.i_A> bTtAJUIiItS.
Datna of Departure From Sun Fmnelaeo.
MK.VMIiItS TO AKKIVt.
SUN, 31OON AND TIDK.
I'NiTFn STATKS TOAST anti OF.ODITTIC BORVKT
TIMKS AND HKIBHTB OF HIDH AND LOW
Watkks at Ko it Point, Evtravcic to
San Francisco Bay. Publisuku by Offi
cial Authority OF THK Suhrixikxdini.
Note— The high »nd low waters occur at, the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of ti«ii- in the lame at both placet.
February — 1897.
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides the
farlv morning tides an. given in the left hand
rolunin, and the successive tides of Uie, day In th«
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlgh:
hand column given the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
trcurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Surrey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precede* th«
height, and then the number given U subtractlva
trom the depth given by the charts.
NOTION TO 3UKIXKKS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographte
Office located In th* Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for th* benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are. cordially Invited to visit the
office, where. complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept oa hanl tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph 11111 la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by.
telegraphic signal received each day from the
Untied States Naval Observatory »■, Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day uy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following 'lav.
PW. S. Hushes.
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. in charge.
The Tims Ball.
i*axch ttytvrfvjraphro OFFIOK. t7. %1 . %
Mkbchaxts' EXCRAXO<« V
Fax Francisco. February 15 im. )
Tr-.» time, ball on Teiegr&on 15 111 was aroDDal
exactly at noon to-day— l «.. at. noon of the IJD;j
tuturidljui, or exactly U6r.iL, Greenwich lima.
'."■f W. S. Kuauio,
Lieutenant U. S. N. lncnar<e.
hlllPl'l-Mi iM^LLItrtACE.
Arrive 1.
MONDAY, February 15.
S'mr Queen, Alexander, f 18^ nours trom s ftn
Dieuo: puss and miise, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Ktmr Whltesboro. Johnsoi:, 15 nours lion
l'u m Are;u; r r lies, io L t White Lumber v'a
Stmr Alliance, Hard wick, 21 hoars rroiu Eureka;
bound for southern ports Putin to land passen
gers.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 40 hours from
San Pedro ; ballast, to C A Hooper & Co,
Stmr Weeott,' Miller. 28 Hours from Mendoclno,
via Navarro la hours: lumber and ties.'to Men
dorlno Lumber Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 63 Hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports: pass and mdse. to
Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Bk v Catherine Sudden, s-mUb, 12 days from
Grays Harbor: 450 Mft lumber. 10SH Uarmop^
Lumber Co. t|
Schr Daisy Rowe, Olsen, 6 days from Coos |
Bay; lumber, to Simpson .Lumber Co.
biMMd
MONDAY. February 1 6.
Haw s'mr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox: I'aciUo
Imp Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hanson, Eureka: Charlsi
Nelson.
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, San Pedro: Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
stmr San • Jose, Russell, Panama, etc; Pacific
Mall ft S Co. -
Bkt.i a o Wilder, McNeill, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond A Co.
Baited.
MONDAY, February 16.
Gtnnr Alliance. Hardwlck, southern ports.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
V bjtmr Adams, Gibson, culse.
Stmr Sun Jose, Kussell. Panama, etc
binir Scotia. Johnson.
Stmr City ot Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Mmr Eureka, Parsons, san Pedro.
>;r Dart Northern ti ay, Frame, Queenstown.
Schr Alexander, Folkman, Ko.lak.
fcciir Nettie Low, Low, i"oitit Keyat.
bcnr Etta B, Bourne, Fort Hoss.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOg. Feb. 14.-10 *. ic-Weata«r
cloudy; wind W: velocity 8 tails*.
Charterf.
Thn bktn Chehalij loads mdse foi Vladlvostockt
ship Hecla, railroad ties lorTaku; scar James a
Garlield. miise for Unalaska: Cnll bark Santa
Rosa, lumber at New Whatcom for the West Coast
on owners' account.
Spoken.
Dec 31— Lat 25 36 N, lone 43 12 W, snip Keall.
worth, from New Yoric, for Sau Francisco.
Dec 23— Lat 40 H, lone 37 W. Br ship EUlsland.
hence Sept is 7, for Queensiown.
Domeatlo l'or-i.
CASPAR— SaiIed Feb 16— Stmr Jewel, for s»a
Francisco.
PORT WAMBLE— Sailed Feb 15— Br ship Vie.
tori i r.fitlna, for Callao.
SAN PKDBU— sailed Feb 14— Schr Hueneme,
for Port Blakeley.
Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
NAVAKHO- sailed Feb 16— Stair Weeott, lor
San Francisco.
grays HARBOR— Arrived Feb 13— 8tmr Del
None, hence Feb 9. FeDl4— Sequoia, from
San Diego. "^
sailed Feb 14— Schrs C A Thayer. Neptune. La
Gironde and Maid of Orleans, lor San Francisco. 1
ASTOKIA- sailed Feb 16-Scur Laura May, for '
ban Francisco.
BOWKNs LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 16— Schr
Barbara Heraater, from Hueneme.
NEW vuiik- Arrived Fet> 14 — Br ship Troop,
from Honolulu.
Sailed Feb 13-Shlp Manuel Llaguno, for San
Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
CIIAMPFRICO— Arrived Feb 2— Schr Ottlllle
Fjord, hence Jan 6. Jan 30— schr Joseph Rusa.
hence Jan 6.
HULL— Arrived Feb 13— Br ship Dltton, hence
Sept 13.
QUKENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 18— Fr baric Louis
Past ur. hence Oct 7.
LONDON— salied Feb 14— Br ship Mooltan, foe
San Francisco.
HAKODATE— Sailed Jan 23— Schr Fred Sand
ers, for Honolulu.
CALLAO- Arrived Die 28— Ital bark Cavour,
from New Whatcom.
HONGKONG— sailed Feb 13— Stmr Peru, for
Sa.i Francisco.
Arrived Feb 13— Br stmr Coptic, hence Jan 18.-
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 15— dtmr Maasdam,
from Rotterdam.
MOVILI/E— Arrived out Feb 15-Stmr Ancho
rla. ■
BREMEN— Arrived out Feb 14— Strar Trave.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed F«b 1 6— Stmr Kms, for
New York.
HAMBURG— Feb 14— Stmr Phoenicia, tor
New York.
LIZARD— Passed Feb 13— v "tmr Frleslani, from
New York, for Antwerp. Frb 15— Stmr Veen
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
Importation*. ' -
MENDOCINO-Per Weeott— 6o M ft lumber.
Navarro— soos r r lies
VICTORIA— Per Wulia Walla— lßl bdls hides,
3 bbis varnish, 3 pkgs express, 1 ait coin.
Victoria ex Br stiur Pelican from China— B pk?s
14 cs provisions. 5a tubs uiiso, 109 roil* mailing,
8 bales cotton ttosi, 5 cs safety matches, 19 p»gs
plants.
New Whatcom -100 pkgs shingles, 62 bdls lum
ber 596 sks "his 1 pkg mdse.
Everett— 999 roils Dt'B bdls 5 cs paper. 1400 bars
bullion, 472 mils shoots. 512 kegs nalts.
Tacoma east of Farzo— l7 cs boon. 1 cs dry
good*. 1 bx bocks, 3cs cigars, 3 bbls stove fur
nishing. 6 bxs '£ crts gas moves, 1 lot \,\i iron.
1 iron to ge. 9 cs hosiery, 2 crts muse, 1 cs nsul.iff
tackle, 1 bx boo£s, Ics ry goods.
Tacoma woj'. of Fargo— 4 bdls saddle trees. "8
ship knees. 1 bx dry goo !s. 21 MC«a notions, 6
show- cases, 434 sks oats, 3tiU ana flax, 110- qr-sks
".-.if. 9 h -ska flour.
Tncoma— HU6 b Ms hides, 1 mdse. 1 cs canned
fruit. 1 lot household goods, *»■! sks bones. 20 ea
sauce. 800 bars bullion. 8 bxs raiding, 17 tuos bm- - .
ler. 'I rs fruit, 1 saie. '
Killlsnoo— 4oo bbls oil, 2 bales deerskins.
Dm. las Island— l bx bullion.
juneau — 8 pkgs mdse, 1 bar bullion.
Wr»ngel— l sk nuts.
Mett-aka:bla— 943 c« salmon.
Departure Bay— ll'o:i tons coal.
Vancouver v.a C P R R— cs boots and shoes.
14 cs underwear, 4 bxa l abel-t, 'i bxs extracs, 21
cs tints Ics hosiery. 1 cs bandies. 1 cs boo<<s, 43
cs cigarettes, 1 cs shirts, 1 cs dr.- eoods, 12 c< to
bacco,- 1 bx type, 100 bols glucose, 100 bbls xsarcn,
495 rolls paper. 3 pkgs clothing. 1 cs copper, 10
bdls cooper wire.
Port Townsend — 1 saw.
Seattle via G N By— l bx pens, 250 sks flour.
Seattle— 3o bxs fish, 120 pfces junk, 1 pump, 8
pkgs ail»e, 1 bdl «a»s, 1 bbl 15 cs whlstcy. Isle
cofte--, 1 bicycle, 2 bxs tobacco. 23 bxs figs, 1 bdl
matting, 1 bbl balm fir, 1 soda fountain, 126 sks
bones, 1 bx pictures, 1 bale bazs. 2 bxs canned
goods. 11 cs medicine. 1 bdi deerskins, 62& cs sal
mon. 200 bxs 25 pails smoked herring*, 1 bx
plated ware, 1 lot bouseho d furniture, 2 sks coin,
H pkgs express, 6 cs silver.
>A N DlKOn- Per Queen— 933 bxsoran<»es, 42
bxs limes, 511 bxs lemon?, 3 bxs tangerines, 133
bdls dry li.h, 1 cs champagne, 4 coils wire, 5 sks
dri d prunes. 3 cr;s starch. 4 pkgs tobacco, 6 rolls
1 crate paper, 6cs grape fruit, 3 pkgi mdse, 1 sic
tanneries. 1 cs coffee, 34 pcs curbing, 1 cs hats, 1
bx plates. 1 cs stationary, 1 keg 3 bxs butter, 3
pk«-< hardware, 1 keg olives.
Redondo-674 bxs oranees. 17 bxs lemons. 2 sks
cement, 6 pkgs mdse. 1 bb,l dried fruit, 1 crt cel
ery. 4 bxs groceries, 6 c-» esrg<, 1 bx trult. 40 aks
walnuts. 9 bxs type, 10 bxs limes, -2 cs cash regis
ters. 3 bxs hardware, 37 cs bottles. ■•>. ; . ;■...-
Port Los Angeles— s bxs lemons, 2cs honey, 50
bols wine, 37 bxs oranges, ItO bxs green peas. 2
ska nuts, 1 cs sand soap, 8 bxs tomatoes, 8 pkss
coke supply, 29 bxs limes. I pkgs mdse. 1 iron
roll, 1 b.x fittings, 1 bbl whisky, 40 bxs ralilns, 1
cs coffee, ii bbU brandy. 1 bbl syrup, 27 bbls wine,
41 sks popcorn, 2 8 b Us chairs.
Santa Barbara— s4 sub abMone shells 29 sks
abaloue meat. 107 bxs lemons. 44 bxs oranges, 4
pfcU mdse, Kbbls mineral water.
Port Harford— B6 bxs butter, 110 csaeiri, 2t«i
dried applet 3 ska dried fruit, 64 bdls hides and
pelts, 1 pkg in Ise, 6 ci cheese, a sks tails, 6 bbls
ta!lO'*,.:vj sks onions, 1 cs canned fruit. 2 cs cl^arsi
21 cs bottles 3 sks green peas. 27 dressed calves,
ft coop* chickens, 1 bx wax, 6 bxs fish, 860 sks
ians. 317 sks barley.
Consignee*.
Per Weco'.t— Mendocino Lumber Co; 0 A Hooper
<fc to. ■"= ■-: :' • : ■
Per Walla Walla- Blsslnger Co; E Donnelly j
Norway and Swedish Consulate: J Demartlni: Pao
Ammonia Co: Pacitic Wall Paper Co; Ros» * Co;
Belby Smelting and Lead Co: Tillmann it Bendel;
Pacific Bone and Coal Fertilizer io; Whitney &
Co; R R: A Fellepella: • W Davis & Son: R W
Brehen;J Neylan; TJ Kennedy; .Everett. Fenton
& Co: A H Rasper; Klttie&Co: Thomas; J.
Stencil : C J Lelst A Co; G W Howard; W R Fort : *
J H Newbauer & Co; Buckingham. Hecht & Co: s I
Stlefvaier: X T Allen & Co; E H Forester: QoM-M
stem Bros; Blake, Moth'U & Towne; S R Church*
W G Klchßnison: M Rosenthal; Wm Ciuff & Co:
Belllngham Bay Imp Co; Dunham, Carrlgan & Co;
Weis er & Co; R M Hart dk -on; Balls A Snyder;
Pacific Coast Syrup Co; American Type Foundry ;
O P Downing A CO; Murphy, Grant & Co; Trlest
A Co; J It .-preekels A Bros Co; S Fried hinder: P
Berwin A Bros; American Tobacco Co: Geo Her
man: Cox Seed and Plant Co : M»gnetir Elastic F
Co; J Dennv A* o: < >regon Imp Co: J Robellng's
Sons A Co; Sawyer Tanning Co; Bank of Califor
nia; J X Armsby A Co; A G Campbell; Cleveland
Faucet Co: A Paladtni : American Union Fis'i Co:
Ariraliamson. Hennisch A Co; Burnstein broi;C
F Bennane: California Wl c Assn: C si McGre«Or;
Dallemanu A Co: California >aw Works; Gaddln
A Crocca; Chas Harley A Co; Clabrougli A Gol
«.her; Frederlcksourg Brewery: X M Gray: Italian-
Swiis Colony : Grannccl Bros; ' Haas Bros; Lach
man A Jhcobl; J B liivju.-lla: J ivancovicn <£ Co;
Wleland Brewing Co: London A Mclntyre: The
Fuji Co; Le?allet- Hell wig Tannin? Co: LTaussU
a- i o: Milani &Co; Redington A Co: .Miller A
Pacific Copper Works; E S itro-vn: s Shotwell; %V
.1 Morgan ;- Wells. Fargo A Co: W P Fuller A CO: J
Llnio th: Cutting Packing Co; H \V Hig-ilns & Co;
WTGarrett A Co: Roya 31 tiling Co: L Liu u A
Sou Wm Wolff A Co; < rder.
Per Queen — KntT'in.iP Brewery: Frederlcksbu rf
Brewery; Wlel.»nd Brewlnc Co; Chicago Brewery;
C E Whitney A Co; HUmer. Bredhoffat Schulz; >*
Parsons: Marshall A Relmerj; Sbararo A Co: H
Waldeck; Wm fluff A Co: Bisslnger A Co: J Mur
ray A Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co ; Bissincer A Co ;
H Klrchmann A Co; Dairyman 1 * Union ; W Cllns:
Dodi:e. Sweeney A Co; M Kalis.h A Co: A Pallies;
M T Freltas A Co; Wltsel J£ Utter; Yon Kohno A
Co; Getzßros Kowalsky A Co; * Haight:
De BernardlA Co. Russ, Sanders A fo: Samuel
Bros: liarcia A Magsini: Rum, X.6 II : s Levy A
Co; Norton. Teller A Co: D E Allison ACo: Chas
.lacobson: H Heckman A Co: Western Meat Co: J
H Hoffman: American Union Fish C>: A Palltej;
Cal BoulincCo; Wellman. Peck A (-».: HDutard;
L D stone A Co: J P Thomas: J Ivancovicu A Co:
J It Jngunlla: Labor Exchange Page A s-on; JH
KfssinzACo: Chas Tetr.en; Wisinßros; Marie
Levy A Co: W W Plmmick: B M Emerson: Gen R
Starr- C Schilling A Co: Gould A Jaudin; R Rice;
Tillmann A Bendel; L Scaieni A • o: Wolf A Son:/
DBiagi A Co: Gray A Barblerl: Trobock A Bergen X
Wetmore Bros: Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson: Kil
Bemo i: Goldberg, Bowen A Co: U Onegtl A Co; J V
H Cain A Co: U ones'! A Co: Amer ' rrss As3n; '
Mlnnmter <& \\'e!ban-s: Wa^hburn Mcc i Mig Co;
M O'Brien; CM Volkman: Kotiler & Frohilns; v
: Campodonlco A Malcolm : Levl Spiegel ACo :
P:i(lti" Coast >yrup Co: tl i utrick: fierce A Co-
W J ReeJ ; Chiuda A Fiach; J Demariiii A Co*
Ryan A New on: MS Slmas; ■W C Price A Co- ■ '
Jacob ■; aan Francisco Breweries; Union Oil Co- D
Hamburger: Flynn A : racy: Herman Conn- C *\V
Oeitirig: Gould A Jaudin: W Mitch*. 1- Louis
Kane A Co; Payot, Upbam A Co; Kveleih A Nasa •
HOGieenhood; G W Warner; Levy Co; Bell*
Co; C M Mann; JP Irvine, BU *LABOR CONDEMNS
THE CITY JAIL.
Demands That Young Chil
dren and Old Criminals
Be Separated.
Chief L'oyd and the Children's
Society Also Advocate a
Change.
The Federal Labor Union Declares
■ • That Prisoners Shou d Be Male
to Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Feb. 15. )
The Feleral Labor Union has taken up
. the matter of providing suitable quarters
for young people when arrrßted or that
come within the jurisdiction of the police :
for any reason.
For several months this question has
been agitate! by Chief Lloyd and Mr?.
Prescott of the Children's Society, but so
•far nothing has been done to bring about
an improved state of affairs, and the Fed
.eral Labor Union has now taken a hand
in trying to adjust the matter.
They have prepared a statement which
sets forth that it is not the letter nor
the spun ol the law to inflict bodily pain
to the injury of a transgressor, but that
such restraints are imposed and enforced
for the sole purpose of reforming those
■who may have gone astray in violating
the law. It proceeds: "In our present city
prison the custom is necessarily owed
of as-emb'.ing into one room promiscu
ously the hardened criminal, the common
dn:nk and the lads that jumped off a train
while in motion, the result of which is the
jrenerai use of profane «nd obscene lan
guage, objectionable stories and repulsive
Bay in pa until the cose observer questions
whether the average violator is not more
Immoral when he goes out of .lie city
pr son than when he goes into it.
"Many of those who emerge from the
• present prison after serving u.eir time are
with ut home, friends, money or other
means of support, and see no alternative
bat to resort to tbeft or become a vagrant
• in the eyes of our code, and we believe
that the liberal minded people of Oakland
are desirous of affording every opportu
nity to those unfortunates to become
better men and women and to encourage
them in well-dong."
The Labor Union has unanimously
passed the following resolution:
Resolved, That we, the Federal Labor Union
of .he city of Oakland, favor and urge uiees
tablishment of a suitable place provided with
workshops ana yard room and equipped with
proper tools toeunble persons confined In the
City Prison to perform suer> work as the city
may furnish, not to conflict with free labor, lor
six hours each (Jay, and that on being dis
ch.«rg-<l at the expiration of hi* allotted term
of berv.ee the person so discharged shall re
ceive twen.y-five cents for each day oi such
labor. And be it fur her
Resolved. That we favor and recommend as a
part of such institution a reading-room fur
nished with suitable i>trl- diesis and books
such as the management may sei ct, and we
si.l. iurther favor the providing of a lecture
room where the prisoners can assemble and
li.-t^n to such lectures as may from time to
time be deemed beneficial to tea reformation
. of tho wayward.
At the present time children found on
tne streets, young girls who may be de
tained in the interests of prevention
rather than punishment for crime, and
drunken old hags, are all confined in the
. same room, because there is no other
accommodation tor them.
Some months ago Chief Lloyd placed
this matter before trie Christian Endeavor
Society, but no action has yet been taken.
A JOKE ON THE CAPTAIN.
A Suspected Burglar Announces
His Engagement at
Midnight.
Captain H. A. Thompson Mistakes a
Lcvsr for a Housetreak r
and Is Joshed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 15.— Mitt Maude
Nei.-on announced her engagement to P.
W. Shingle of San Jose Jast evening un
der very embarrassing circumstances, it
■was not her intention to m:ike the affair
known, but she had no alternative in the
matter. She had to do so or ailow Mr.
fching.'o to be iocked up in the City Prison
as a Durglar. Sue thought more of him
than the secret, hence the announcement.
Mits Nelson ia in the employ of Captain
H. A. Thompson, 2070 Enciual avenue.
Last evening about 10:30 o'clock, after
every one had retired the captain heard
footsteps upon his front porch. Remem
bering lue recent burglaries and being a
brave man be determined to land this one
in jail. He dressed and stepped out on
the i orch, confronting a man who was
cosely examining the front door.
"Wnat do you want?" demanded Cap
ft -am Thompson.
% *'I am looking for No. 2070," replied the
' v-sitor.
"Well, you have the place; what do
you want?' was the captain's reply.
Tne visitor asked for Miss Nelson and
v.as told that no bucn person was in the
house. He claimed to know better, and a
war of words ensued. Tae captain, think
ing that he had captured a burglar,
marched him off to the police station
without ever asking Miss Nelson if sne
knew the g-ntleman. On reaching the
station he turned hia prisoner over and
reiated his experience.
Then Mr. bhingle gave his name and
said he had ca. led to pay a visit to his sweet
heart. The officers knew that Miss Nei
son could easily settle the matter, so they
took the man and went home with Cap
tain Thompson. When all had bsen
sealed in the parlor Miss Nelson was called
in and aslced if she knew the gentleman.
The feelings of Captain Thompson can
better be imaged than described when she
blushingly said: "Why, yes. I am en
paged to the gentleman and we are soon
io be married." Apologies were in order,
and to-day the captain was engaged in an
• effort to prevent the publication of his
bad "break."
"Yes, the story is true, and it is a huge
joke on papa," said Miss Thompson this
afterncon. "He forebade my telling any
one about the affair and is do:ng every
thing he can to keep It out of the papers.
Miss Nelson went to Oakland to visit
friends and will not be back until to-mor
row. I suppose she wants to see as much
of Mr. Shingle as she can while he is here.
We have not learned vet why the man
failed at such a late hoar."
f Corey Objects to Alimony.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 15.— J. E. Corey
■ to-day hied his answer in the suit of his
wife for a d.vorce, alimony and counsel
fee?. He resists ihe demand for alimony
'and counsel fees on the ground of the
financial inability of the defendant to pay-
He declared that he is not on the as-ess
ment roll and t< at his personal property
is not worth more than $30. he also adds
for cause that he had been put to great
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
physical and financial inconvenience by
reason of a kiCK which his wife inrhctf-d
npon the calf of his leg, injuring the blood
vessel.
The Postal Primary.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 15— The follow
ing-name l gentlemen have been selected
to receive the reply postal cards for the
postal primary: H. F. Mcliaels, G. A.
Payne, Joseph Knowlaml, G. S. Ames, G.
W. Scott, E. B. Mastick and J. A. Rem
mel. Republicans; J. F. Ives and M.
Kane, Democrats, andfireen Majors, Pop
ulist. The postals will be mailed Wednes
day night, and all plainly stamped by the
Postmaster with the date. This will pre
vent any unscrupulous persons from
duplicating them and sending them uui
later, or sending them in, for without the
date «tamp they will not be counted. A
week will be given for the vote to be re
turned.
ELECTRIC CAR SMASHED.
Run Into by the Xairow-Gauge Train
Near the Terminal Depot—
One Was Hurt.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
SWB Broadway, Feb. 15. J
The narrow-gauge local collided with a
car of the Hay wards electric road at Thir
teenth and Franklin streets this morning.
The train was coming from th« mole and
was crossing Thirteenth street when the
car approached. The conductor ran ahead
and signaled the motorman to stop, which
he tried to do, but the slippery track pre
vented him from stopping nis car until he
arrived at the track.
The llagman at that point hastily waved
his danger signal and the engineer on the
locomotive reversed his lever with such
suddenness that several passengers were
thrown from their seats. But though the
air brakes were applied the engine struck
the car with considerable force. The col
lision threw the car off the track and
smashed the front of it, while the pilot of
the locomotive was also broken. There
were no passengers on the electric car,
but the motorman was considerably
shaken up, although he received no defi
nite injuries.
Motorman Skinner says he tried to stop
his car as u>ual, but it slipped along in
spite of the fact that he had set his brakes.
HILBORN URGED TO ACT.
Great Disappointment Felt Over
the Harbor Improvement
Affair.
Senator Perkins Says the Delegation
Is Making an Effort to Amend
the Bill.'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 15 )
Telegrams are passing between here ana
Washington regarding the cutting out
from the civil sundry bill of the whole of
the appropriation for the Oakland harbor.
Expressions of disappointment are be; in;
sent from here and explanations and
promises have come westward. This
morning an informal meeting of some of
the directors of the Board of Trade was
held, which resulted in the sending of the
following dispatch:
Hon. S. G. Ililborn, House of Representatives,
Washington, V. C: There isgre*i and univer
sal disappointment regarding the failure of
the continuance of harbor improvement here,
winch will work incalculable damage to the
c<. ruin unity. We urge you to In some way get
nuUiorization for the contracts to be iet. Can
Oakland help? James P. Tati.or,
President Oakland Board of Trade.
W. E. Dargie received the Lowing
private telegram to-day from Senator
Perkins:
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The amount
required to complete Oakland harbor improve
ment, according to original estimates made
many years ago, is $741,000, and tne work o:i
that basis was plated under continuous con
tract.
Revised estimates by the corns of engineers
made after the bill passed, piace the cost oi
the completed work at $1,062,310, and it is
proposed, In order to br;ug the coat within the
limit niet by Congress, to omit the San Le
andro tidal canal.
The ctiairmau of the Ways and Means Com
lnit'.ee raised a question as to bet her the
work could go o . in the face of the increased
estimates or whether the tidal canal could be
omitted.
The Judge Advocate General decided that
neither course can be taken, and that the en
tire work must be prosecuted and completed
for the original sum.
As this, according to the engineer's estimate,
cannot be done, the Government, according to
the Judge Advocate's opinion, has no author
ity to go on with the work, which the revised
figures m ke cost $320,310 more than the
original estimates.
Improvements on rivers in three other
States are in the same condition arid are
stopped by the same decision.
Tne delegation is making an effort to amend
the rivers and harbors bill so that the work
on Oakland harbor may continue.
Geoeoe C. Perkins.
Nothing in connection with water-front
matters since the troubles about four
years ago has created such general inter
est as the cutting out of the appropriation.
Surprise is expressed on all hands that
the affair should have happened and Con
gressman Uiloorn has been unaware of it
until the bill was printed. If, as many
suppose. Dr. McLean of Alameda be re
sponsible for the action of the House com
mittee there is a general desire to know
how the health official of the Encinal City
cot in his deadly work without the knowl
edge of Mr. Unborn.
Warren English, who preceded Mr. Hil
born as Concres-sman from this district,
said to-day that there is evidently a desire
on the part of the present administration
to go out of office with a record for econ
omy and, consequently, now that an ex
cuse had been found it will be a very diffi
cult matter to get an appropriation in the
short time before Congress adjourns.
Mr. Hilborn has sent out a dispatch in
which be says that he realizes there is a
herd fight before the delegation, but that
he hopes for victory.
OFFICERS NOMINATED-
Result of the Berkeley Republican
Convention -All Offices Filled.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 15.—Nomina
tions for all tho town offices to be filled in
the coming election were made by the
Republicans to-night in their convention.
For the office of Marshal, George
Schmidt was nominated by acclamation;
for Town Cierk, J. C. Sherrett ; for Town
Treasurer. J. T. Morrison; for Assessor,
Isuac W. Wells, the incumbent; for Trus
tees—Ward two, W. 11. Marsion; Ward
four, A. R. Fram; Ward six, Cornelius
Maloney.
Professor E. J. Wlckson was renomi
nated for school director of the Second
Ward, I. K. Kierulff for Fourth Ward,
George A. Waterbury for Fifth Ward, and
E. R Nie..aub, incumbent, for Sixth
Ward.
For library trustees, F. K. Shattuck W
P. Thayer, 8. W. Smith. W. M. Hey wood
and Judge William Lair Hill were named.
The platform of the convention de
mands the reduction of 50 per cent of the
water rates of the town and rigorous en
forcement of tho "mile limit" liquor law.
A Charity Bazaar.
A "curioilty bazaar" will be given this after
noon and evening at Mrs. Stevonot's residence,
1518 Taylor street, by tne Woman's Federa
tion, in aid of the House of Refuge. There
will be many novelties. Among them will be
au antique room.
Fred .Marriott's Trial.
The trial of Fred Marriott, charged with
libel on complaint of Judge Hebbard. n«s
been postponed until tae Bth of next month.
TJJE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
TERSE TALE OF
A TULARE TRAMP
Where Kaights of the Road
Go to Court to Avoid
Arrest.
Justice and Constable Feel Like
Mourners When the Gang
Leaves Town.
S?ntenc?d to Short Teinu so That
They Can B R gister-d
More Often
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,'*
li«JS Broadway, Feb. 15. )
Albert Williams, a tramp now in (bo
County Jail, made a peculiar mistake yes
terday morning. He stopped at a house
on East Eleventh street, near Eleventh
avenue, and asked for a meal. It was
given him, and then he calmly inquired
ALBERT WILLIAMS, Who Says That in TuTare the Hobos Go
to the Constable to Save Kirn Trouble
of the lady of the house if she could direct
him to the Justice's court in Oakland.
He had no difficulty in linding the court:
and explained his reason for inquiring as
to its locality by saying that he had re
cently spent some time in Tulare County.
"Tulare is the besi town in the State for
tramps," said Williams to Constable
Robinson, after he had been sentenced to
six day.*, "you never have any trouble
finding comfortable quarters. As soon as
you arrive the rirst thing any one'suggests
to you is the location of the Justice's
court, and when you go there you can
register as a tramp or a vagrant or
what you pleas-. The tramps go up
there to register in little groups of from six
to eight,so as not to feel lonely. They gen
erally go to register about 9 o'clock in the
morning, as that is the time ihe Justice
and Constable like best to receive them.
"The constable never leaves his office to
look for tramps, as they all go o him.
After you arrive at court the Judge mokes
out the complaints and warrants and hands
them to the constable, who reads the war
rant to each man and informs him that he
iB under arrest. You are then told to
stand up and hear ths complaint against
you read, and without moving from your
seat you are asted to plead. Of course we
always plead guilty or we should not have
gone there, and the Judge uentences us to
periods varying from six hours to twelve
hours in the County Jail. This gives us a
dinner and a good jupper, and we gener
ally leave with a collection of about 25
cents taken up between the constable aud
Judge.
"When you have served your time,
which generally expires in the evening,
the constable or Judge casually meets you
on the street and hint» that it might be as
well to stay in town for a few days longer.
I was released one night and registered
agaiu the next mornine under a new
name, and did this two or three tlm^s.
When a gang of hobos ha- played this
trick about a week and decides to march
out of town the Justice and constable re
gard it in the same light as they would a
funeral. I tell you, Tulare is a "fine place
for tramps, and the Justice and constable
agree with me."
Repent Thnir Secret Marriage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.—Mary F.
Morris has been granted a divorce from
Clarence Morns on t:ie ground of neglect.
They were secretly married at Stockton a
year ago, but because of a difference of re
ligion the secret was never made public.
After about four month*, of marriage the
couple separated, she returning to Caia
veras County, and Morris never provided
for her or gave her any support.
Death of Andy McGarry.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 15.—Andy Mc-
Garry, who has resided in Oakland for
thirty years, died yesterday morning at
his residence on Clay street. At different
limes of bis life he has made and lost sev
eral moderate fortunes, but wnen he died
it was not necessary lor Lira to leave a
will. He was 53 years old, and was born
in County Sligo, Ireland. He was a mem
ber ot tt.e Order of Foresters, Catholic
Knights of America and the Exempt Fire
men ot Oakland. He will be buried to
morrow morning.
A Lunatic's Appetite.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 15— R. C. Ray
mond, whom Cnief Lloyd attempted in
vain to get into the County Hospital, was
released from prison Saturday, broke into
Becker's meat market early this morning,
and was arrested while attempting to
carry away a whole sheep and several
packages of t>teaks. He ia insane.
Off to the Holy Land.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.—Rev. Charles
R. Brown and Mrs. Brown of the Congre
gational Church left this morning for
Europe and the Hoiy Land. Mr. Brown
came here immediately after his marriag*
to succeed Dr. J. K. McLean, and his
present trip is part of bis agreement with
his congregation.
CHILD-LABOE_ EVILS.
A Lady Speaker Advocate* Protection
for Little* Folks.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 15.— Miss Eva
Carlin of Berkeley delivered an address
to-day on the "Abolition of Child Labor"
before the Working People's Club of Oak
land.
The address consisted of an earnest plea
for the abolition of labor by little folks in
all industrial establishments, the speaker
expressing her proiouaci conviction that
no other reform cjuld so easily be brought
about, and that no other reform measure
would give such immediate benefit to the
child, the family and the Nation.
Ste reviewed the growth of the system
in the United States and its effect upon
the standard of wages and the standard of
the laborers' comforts. She presented
vividly some of its sinister social aspects,
which «he said justified the arraignment
of cJiiid waie-earntnc as being without
any rational sanction and as neither legit
imate nor defensible.
Miss Carlin advocated adequate legisla
tion against the evil and the enforcement
of a compulsory education law in order to
protect and conserve the bodily and men
tal strength of the child till at ieasi 15
years of ape. Certain features of tne
method pursued for the last twenty years
in thecamon of Zurich were recommended
as worthy of trial in the Uuited States by
which the army of wage-earning chil
dren might be leduced and illiteracy di
minished.
Good Government.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 15 —The Good
Government Club of Berkeley is out with
an appeal to voters to resist the blandish
ments of the established parties and to
stand firm on the non-partisan principles
of the club.
DEFENDS BIBLE TRUTHS
Dr. Muohall Dec ares the Holy
Book to Be Abso'uteiy
Infallible.
He Says Keeping It Oat of Schools
and Colleges Is the Work
of the Dcvi!.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 15.— Dr. Mun
ball, the evangelist, lectured before the
students of tne university this afternoon
at Stiles Hall on "The Integrity of the
Bible." He talKed for over an hour, de
fending the authenticity of the Bible by
copious references to its prophecies which
have been fulfilled, and by citing various
points of history which it contains and
which have been proved to be true and
accurate. Ho defended the story of Jonah
and the wb&le by declaring that there are
leviathans to-day which are capable of
swallowing a man, and even a man
mounted on horseback — horse and all.
He said thai the keeping of the Bible out
of schools and colleges is a work of the
devil, and that he never knew an infidel
in all his travels from one end of the earth
to the other who had read the Bible from
cover to cover. Dr. Munhall said that he
would give the man who produced a bet- '
ter book than the Bible the sum of rive
million dollars.
"If a man comes to my house." said he,
"and wants to destroy my Bible, 1 will
gladly receive him and will stive him his
dinner besides, but if he attempts to de
stroy my Bib.c, he will think before he
Lets through that he had run up against a
Jim Corbott."
In bis peroration he told of the absolute
impossibility of destroying the Holy Book
from the world b cause its imprint is to
he found in every tribe and nation of the
civilized world— in their works of art, their
music, their mosaics, their history, their
literature and their traditions.
Appointed bit Assistants.
BERKELEY, C\u, Feb. 15.— A. L. Ott,
the newly elected . Fire Chief, has ap
pointed D. J. Keane of the South Berkeley
Company as rir9t - ass 1 s' ant and Paul
Nichelman of West Berkeley as second
assistant. Chief Ott is planning for the
complete reorganization of the Berkeley
system of fire protection. One of his
schemes is to transfer tha hand chemical
from Lorin to Bust Berkeley and to pro
vide it with a horse and a keeper, who
shall be in constant attendance. At pres
ent the town, with a population of 14,000,
has no engineer at ail and not a single
hosec\rt which is intended to be drawn
by horses. There are seven organized
hose companies and one hook and ladder
company, all the carts of which are
hauled about town by hand. . -
Will Choose the Question. - -
BERKELEY. Cal., ' Feb. 15.— 1t has
been decided that the choosing of a ques
tion for the regular annual intercollegiate
debate between Berkeley and Stanford
will be left to Berkeley, while the' choice
of sides will go to Stanford. The subject
is 10 be chosen and forwarded to Stanford
by the corning Wednesday. • Last year
the subject was chosen by the Palo Alto
men, and the side by Berkeley. The date
for the contests has not vet been set, but it
is presumed that it will be held during the
latter part of April.
FROM BEFORE
THE FOOTLIGHTS
James in "A Lord and
Some Ladies," at the
Baldwin.
A Gcod P ay, Well Acted aud
Also Very Well Re
ceived.
New Attractions at the Orphenm.
"Cinderella" at ths
California.
Louis James discarded the t^ga style of
acting last night, and delighted bis audi
ence wi'h au artistic comedy character
stu iy. which was as natural and human
a iiiece of impersonation as the Baldwin
has seen for some time.
The character be assumed was Lord
Bolingbroke, in "My Lord and Some
Ladies," adapted from the French of Eu
gene Scribe.
The time of the comedy is laid in the
latter years of Queen Aiine'a reign, when
the Whigs were struggling to continue
the war of the Spanish succession, seem
ing only to have an eye to the ilory of
Msrlboroush's victories, and the Tories
who seemed onJy to have an eye to the
bills involved by the war, were u*'.ng their
utmost efforts to induce the Queen to
make peace with Louis XIV of France.
Mosl of the interest in "Mv Lord and
Some Ladies" centers round the attempts
of the tyrannical Duchess of Maryborough
to keep poor weak Queen Anne under her
own thumb, and the counter attempts of
Lord Bohnebroke.one of tne Tory leaders,
to sway the Queeu himself and induce her
to stop tne war and recall Marl borough.
It is a battle of intrigue between the
Duchess and Lira Boii'igbroke, and from
the firtt t tie *v in piitli.es of the audience
are with the Tory politician, though it is
entirely a personal matter; politics come
Very little into the piay.
There are just tiiree women In "My
Lord and Some Ladies" — tne Queen, the
Duches3 and Marion Churchill, a humbie
relation of the Duke of Marlborough. All
these women ar- in love xith Sir Arthur
Ferror, a TOttQg officer who is secratly en
gaged to Marion. Bolin broke discovers
the s«*cret admiration o! tne ot er two
ladies, and so plays on their jealousy and
love that he nnu ly succeeds in having the
Duches- ban:sbed from court by the jeai
ons Queen, and the Queen driven into con
senting to the wedding of Marion and Sir
Arthur through the machinations of the
jealous Duchess. The means by which
tnis is accomplished involve intrigue and
counter intrigue between Bolingbroke
and the Duchess which are as interesting
bs a due .
L v -t James gave an ideal rendering of
the political adventurers role. He was
dashing, reckle-s, a man who took hie
with the spirit of a gambler and played
higb and daring stakes with a smile and a
jokt», and in every movement, gesture and
ii fl ction of his voice he was a gen
tleman and the vain, polis ed man of the
world that history records Bolingbroke as
having been.
The other characters were effective so
far as the play was concerned, but they
erred and strayed sadly from the paths o'
h. story. The part of the elderly, homely
Quoen Anne, whose indolence and mental
weakness made her Lady Maryborough's
slave, was played by Miss Kruger, who
looked very young and handsome and
made the Queen a nervous, petulant, higb
strung girl.
Regarded merely as a piece of comedy
actin Mis-j Florence Everett tiid some
clever work as the Ducness. but she wasno
more the terrible Sarah Churchill than
she was Semiramis or Cleopatra. History
says that the Duchess was brusque, de
termined, almost coarse in her manners.
When asked on one occasion if she suf
fered from her nerves Sarah is reported to
have replied, "Thant God I was born
before nerves were invented," and her
daring actions confirmed the statement.
Miss Everett played the Duchess with a
lisp and made her a smooth, slippery,
polished feminine villain.
Miss Aphie Hendricks was effective as
Marion Churchill and Guy Lindsley played
tue role of Sir Arthur Ferror nicely, though
he was scarcely lascinatinc enough to ac
count for three such fascinating women
Deing in love with him.
The costumes worn were those of the
later restoration period and the reign of
James 11. They were only a few years
wrong, chronologically speaking, however,
and in addition to being very handsome
were prettier man those worn about the
end of the first decade of the last century.
"My Lord and Some Ladies" was re
ceived with enthusia-m by tha audience,
tlioueh there wa- some hilarity over the
action of a gentleman in one of the boxes,
who wou.d insist on bombarding the
actors with small bunches of violets.
At the California.
An entire company of little children played
"Cinderella" last night at the California. The
entertainment consist d of two distinct feat
ures—the intentional and the unintentional.
Barring the initial want of entire smoothness
and composure in a first performance, particu
larly by child actors, i|the fury piece,
its presentation and its settings gave promise
of an interest for other audiences during the
series of nine performances to lollow. But a
particular charm lay in tne studied gravity
and mechanical conduct of some of the little
fairies and cupids aud huntsmen, whose very
feariuiness of misconduct was as amusing as
was the awful gravity they strived to main
tain. Several of the lesser tots, with bare
arms and ill-fitting long hose, would have
been pitiable were it Dot that their uncon
sciously expressive pantomimic efforts were
very humorous.
Little Kosina D'Ennery, a gracefully formed
and rather comely brunette, played the ptirt of
Cinderella with considerable grace and com
posure. The fairy queen, Cinderella's god
motner. was acted by little Daisy Grogan, upon
wnom devolved a good deal of recitation and
not a In lc of the responsibility lor the oppor
tune responses of some of tne more diminu
tive and less experienced children that made
ud the fniry company. As child acting goes,
some clever work was done by little Jenny
Sawyer and Flosjy Sawyer, who, a* the
haughty, vain-lavored sisters of Cinderella,
sustained the parts for which their make-up
intended them.
A bit was made by the littlest of all the tots,
pretty Baby Ruth Rowland, who sang "What
Will a Poor Girl Dv>?" and did the rainb .w
dance. There were many other soncs intro
duced between act« by the larger ouildren,
who took the principal parts in the piece.
The audience, made up of a considerable num
ber of mothers and children, was appreciative
and responsive.
At the Grand Opera-House.
A typical me'odrama is "Out in the Streets,"
with which the week has opened at Morosco's
Grand Opera-house. There are some good
tcenes in the piece, particularly a hospital
ward in tne New York Tombs during the death
of the decried wife of the man who, as biga
mist, defaulter and arcn-Bchemer, is one of the
villains.
Au agreeable feature of the performance was
the speciiilty work inrroduced by Nat M. Willis.
late of the Prodigal F'lher Company, by the
inimitab c Dutoby Edward J. Heron and by
Lottie Williams, all of whom caught the au
dience.
With these humorous specialties, and an
abundance of life and- dash, the show is one
that will take well at the Grand, Judging from
the way it wan received last night by an au
dience that filled the big house from the foot
lights to the back o: the opmost gallery.
At the. A c*zar.
The Kendals' great success, "A Scrap of Pa
per," was produced last night, Miss Beatrice
Lieb and Hugo Toland assuming the role
Auction Saice
CHiS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIDSERHS.
Salegroom«-ll Market Street.
• THIo DAY.
Tuesday February 1",, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. M.. at *alearr>ora .
1135 MARKiiT ST.. bet. 7tli and 8t&.
.... WE WILL BELL .
AN Kl,t CANT LINK Oir FURNITURE,
Carpets, B«*M and Unices, ( ounter. Nai lon
Ca«n Kegls er. Wines. Liquors, Cigars, Double-
door Iron Safe.
CHAB, LEVY 4 CO.. Anctlon<"»r<.
P. J. BARTH, AJJCriOIBKIL
RETIRING AUCTION SALE OF JAPANESE
BAMBOO FURNI I URE,
THIS DAY.
1 Tuesday February 16, 1897
■ in the premts -s,
sob ijA.K,s:iisr street
Commencing at 'J an 1 7:30 v m., and continulns
da I ■ un.H a i U s.iiii.
By order of A. KAWASAKI I will tell, without
reserve, the nbove KSegaut and Artistic lumi ure,
consisting of 'i able*, MT-eni, stoo Chairs in
great variety, De.Ks, Hat Tri-e«, Brackets of all !
Kinds. This Is a large slock and will be sold in <
lots to suit purchasers. Dea.ers requested to attend. |
P. J. B ■ KTH, Auciloneer.
j
made famous by Mr. and Mrs. Kendai. May :
Buckley made tier reappearance after a spell
of severe illness, and was warmly received by
her many admirers. The gentlemen in the
cast all appeared well. '/ /
The Orpheum. •
Several new "acts" were Introduced last
night, and all of them were successes, though
widely differing in style. The Grand Opera
Quartet — composed of Guille, tenor; Miss
Julia Cotie, soprano; Miss Dora Busch, con
tralto, and Signer Abramhoff, basso — made
; the hit of the evening, and the ren
dering of the quartet from "Rlfto etto"
was loudly applauded. Professor I. Finney,
the champion all-around swimmer of 'the
world, assisted by Miss Marie Fintiey, the
heroine of London bridge, accomplished some
••■ o:nler;ui ieats ot swimming iv a water lank
of glass.
The Renfos presented a novel aerial act, in
which they Introduced some wonderful feats.
The rest of the company won their customary
applause.
At the Chutes.
The pleasant weather is attracting large
crowds to the Chutes and the special attrac
tions at night are thoroughly appreciated.
Bnseno, a dusky wire-walker from Cuba, plays
a mandolin and other instruments while float
ing in the air, and Rose and Gay, acrobats,
give a clever trapeze exhibition over the lake.
he animatoscope shows many new realistic
pictures on the big open-air stage.
. » .
Co umbla Theater. I
"Chimmie Fadden" is still drawing crowded
houses, which receive the B.>wery play with
every sign of approval. The cast remains
unchanged.
TIvoM Opera-House.
The second edition of "Aladdin" is drawing
well at the Tivoii.
THE UNITARIANS.
Annual Reports -show They Are la a
Flourishing Condition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— The tenth
annual meeting of the First Unitarian
Church was held to-night. The reports
showed that eVerything was in a most
flourishing condition. B. F. Dunham
presided, and the treasurer's report
showed that $2000 had been paid on to
church's indebtedness and all expenses
had been met in full.
Rev. Dr. Wendte's report was received
with much sausiaction. He stated that
the religious controversy in which he had
been engaged during the year had been
an excellent means of spreading Unita
rian doctrine, and forty-six people had
united with the church during the year.
The Sunday-school is in a very flourish
ing condition. There are fourteen
classes, with seventeen teachers, and an
attendance of 200.
The board of trustees were re-elected as
follows: Senator George C. Perkins,
Warren Olney, Mrs. Flora J. Forrest, Mm.
C. H. Redington. Francis Cutting, A. K.
P. Harmon, A. E. Kluegel, John P. Iri-h,
J. A. Bliss, Sam P. Hall. Mrs. Eliza
Wilkes-Tupner, the assistant pastor, also
reported. The ladies' auxiliary has con
tributed $300 toward the indebtedness of
the church during the past year.
• — ♦ •
"WASHINGTON'S DAY.
Grand Marshal Daltnn Issues an Address
to Merchants.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feh. 15.— The com
mittee in charge of the Washington's day
parade has sent out the following in
formation :
To the Merchants and Trades along the line of
the parade, J-tbruary J2, 1397: The lortbcoming
celebration of Washington's Birthday prom
ises to be one of the most important affairs of
the kind ever held in Oakland. It is the de
sire of all concerned that our city shall pre
sent a ho idav appearance commemorative of
the day we celebrate. Therefore we ass the
merchants and tradespeople along the line of
march to decorate their' windows and store
fronts as elaborately as they f«jel they can af
ford consistent with the requirements of the
occasion. Respectfully yours,
Henry P. Dai/ton, Grand Marshal.
The divisions will form on the sida
V>X v 'y#/ •111 M 'tl' J
\^*»«*x».'V' . /// iff l! r lull' I fJi '
. • <ses « JJ i y / li JlLn-IMMi HiiUiy i/}{|)l ' %(/^ i'^J ! ) } f J^//l^i\
r ATiterary ram, used to the ntcetjjs of expression and fond also of the
pleasures of the table, in speaking
RIPANS TABULES
says: "I couldn't recommend this remedy as heartily as Ido if I didn't •
believe in it. lam not much of a medicine taker. lam opposed to '
medicine, on principle. There ought to b« no need of medicine —
as there ought to be no poverty there is. If people lived right
they would be well. Sunshine, air, exercise, fun, good food— plenty and
not too — are the best medicines, the natural ones; but men are tied
to their desks, and women to their home cares, and both are tied to fash-
ion. Civilized existence is artificial and needs artificial* regulators. I
recommend Ripans Tabules— and take them myself. I know they are both
harmless and effective. (I know what they are made of.) They are the •
best remedy I know anything about for headaches, or indigestion, or
biliousness, or »ny sort of sluggishness In the system. And they are ' In . <
the handiest possible shape to carry in the pocket." - ..
a L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, NOTARY PUBLIC.
|«ii5 KEABX vNT. P Es ta b S NOTARY PUBLIC.
|n.^*SrM.ra nt DJw£W P HARLKS H - ™^"--- ATTOKNKY-AT-
. disease wearlogonbodyandmlndand } Law and Notary Public, 638 WarKetsi., impi>
■ skin Dlieases. The doctorcureswhen site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1634'
■ others Try him. Charges low ! -fell street. Telephone " Pine " 2581. : v
■ Cnrf* &nt«*««cl. Callorwrite. ■ ■■ * -- -f-
Or. J. r. uAßßON.BOKlo37.2Saa>ranclsc«. , J
GROCERY AJD_L!p)Ii SALE.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday February 16. 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m., as
1234-36 Pacific St. , Cor. Luavcnworthi
....WE WILL SKI.f. .
THE STOCK Off VK.V.ViSKOHIi BUGS.,
INSOLVENTS^
COKSISTLKQ OF
H!sh-grad» Groceries. Imported r.iqnors and
« ines. Glassware. Crockery, Woodenw. re. Wil-
low ware. Agate and Vlu Ware. Bra ms, Counters,
Hiovrcaws, Cadflirs. 1 National Cash Register,
scales, -coop*, eta; 1 Business Bu«cy.
We will conlluuu thi sale every d»y until stock
Is dlsr.os^d of. and the goods wilt b_- sold In lots to
suit the trade as well as private buyers. It Is dub
or the cleanest and Jresh-at stocks ever sold at.
auction, and there is no limit, nor re-<' rye.
INDIANA AUCTION' COMPANY.
11. J. LEUTHUI/rZ, Auctioaeer, opp. 1057 Mkt.
RESTAIIUST ARD BAR.
THIS DAY (1 UKSI)A\'), AT HA. M.,
417 Front Street, Corner • hunt.
FRANK W. in-TTKKKIKLI). Auctioneer.
602 Market Street.
streets below Seventh, with the right
resting on Broadway. All organizations
and schools will report to their respective
divisions at 10 o'clock. The line of march,
will start at 10:30 o'clock. The procession
will move up liro. dway :o the intersection
of San Pablo avenue, countermarch on
San Pablo avenue to Fourth street, to
Washington, to Eighth, to Alice, and to
the point of review on Alice street, near
Lincoln Park.
♦ — » — »
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Antonia a. C, Bonella (by Murray F. Vandal!,
commissioner) to .Mar^arei A. Mee. lot on N line
of Greenwich street, 175 E of Octavia, N 65:9 by
i- 237:6: *4jtjb\
Francis J. Berry to F. Komsnt, lot on N Una of
Sacramento street. 118:9 E of r'illmor*, E SIS by
N l»b; a. so lot on E line of l'otrero avenue (Char
ter oak avenue), 1«6 S of Helena street, S 60 by
E 100, lots 280 and 281, silver redacts ilomu
; stt-a.t Association: $10.
1-nima Mlerien to ueorge stlerlen, all property
in name of George Stierlen In Mate of California;
$10.
George Stierlen to Charles A. King, lot on X line
of Lyou s rets., 50 » of i ulton, &25 by B 96:10 Va:
$10.
Edward F. Hughes to James C. Adams, lot on »
Una of Golden Gate avenue, 75 W of Willard
street, \V 25 by 8 100: $10.
J. M. Wood and A. H. Turrill to Minerva K.
Frink, lot on -•. E corner of First avenue and
Wash ngion street, X i 99:4%. NE 257:6, W
206:4, 257; also lot on NX corner of First ve
nue and Jackson street, X .03:3, N 75. W to First
avenue, .-5 to beginning, qiiitclaliu deed $10.
Hibe.nia *avinps and u>an Society to Catherine
Russ-11. lot on sW line of Ten h street, 175 SW of
Folboru, .\\V 25 by oW .OJ. 6, quitclaim deed; t5.
Cnrri» A. Workman ( hu i.s) to Charles H.
Workman, lot on W line of caitro street, 76:6
S of Clipper s 25 by \V 8j; gift.
Lizzie Hallorun to Lawrence W. and Mary E.
Coyne, lor on X line of D amond street, 100 N of
Nineteenth, N24by*. 12 *10. ......
Louis -nd Catherine Levy o Edwin and Mary
E. Lewis, 10. on W line of First avenue, 300 N or
Clemen; street. S as b. W l' 20: $ 0.
Lewis E. and M.nnie E Campbell to Frank J.
Kalis, lot on \V line of Thlrty-taird avenue, 176 a
Of I street. S '26 b • W 120: $10.
, GeorKe A. Vance to Garrett C. Sweeney, lot on X
line of .North Ui la d street, 50 s of Aldine, a
37:6 by E iV!0; $10.
Theodore P. rain er to I. Milton Painter, lot 10,
block 15, Flint Tract Homestead Association;
$1000.
Robert O. Byxbee to Edith a and Howard B.
Byxbee, lots 22 and 23, bloc* 35, an I lot 46, block:
39, Railroad-avenuu Hornet. eaJ; gifu
Adam Grant to Murphy, Gran. it Co., lot on E
line of Castro street. 95 S of hi Monte. S 80 by B
116:10, lot 200, b ock 34, Mission and lh.rileto.
Streets Homestead Union i $4/0.
Builders' Contracts.
J. Sllverati'in with Carmichael & Grant, alter
ations and additions to 2-story b.iMius on Fell
stieet. .37:6 W of Laguna, $i2[)j; no architect.
DENTISTS.
$-, FULL SET TEETH; Bt*iT MAKE;
«Jy • • kept i • repair; extracting free; flllln^s.fiOc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ULL SET OF TKKTU, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see ournew coinbln i-
tlon plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest pla'.e made;
warranted 10 y»ars: fillings. 60c; crowns, 5.1 0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PAKLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon. v; - : -::.■■'■
POSITIVELY PAIN 1 ESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HABDIXO, 600Sutter cor. Powell; mains37s
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP; P.»Y-
J able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th an I Mission.
pHALPANT <fc CHALFANT. MOVED 1 ROit
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridsework aspenialty.
pOLTOS DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 ilAlt-
\J ket st. X>lt CHARLES W. DECKER.
£•7 A SET FOR TKtTH- WARRANTED A3
>J! t good as ran be made; filling $1 JJK blMil^
dentist, 930 Market sl, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, r>oc; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up: 13 year*
experience. K. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 816% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST KR.
Eleventh; no charge lor extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeta from $8 per set: extracting Sue; (as given.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLAT.& VS.
O H. O. Young, 1841 Polk su
CROO.ME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; pa inlet*
extracting, with gas, (1; plates. $5 up: fill. 81 a?.
J\K. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GKNUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
»cd patentee of Improved brides work or teeth
without any plate, moved from Uto 20O*FarreUit.
ALL WORK REASON A AND WAS.
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1123 Market m
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BrBINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAtt^
TIP Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blent in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
}-'S9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
few. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, open
DDtll 9 o'clock.
1:616 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until S:3O o'clock.
J_SOS Polk street: open un U 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ftriS* GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, ■
«£-& F. and A. M— Called meeting Tills A
( I IK-hAI . EVENING, Feb. It-, at 7:30 VT Jf
O'clock. D. E. TV >
GEO. I. ROBE, Secretary.
JCS* CALIFORNIA CH A ITER NO. 5. •
K^ R. A. M.. will meet THIS CITES- £\
DAY) EWCNING, Feb. 16, at 7:30 o'clock. JS3T
Stated meeting and M. M. degree. By OT-f^r^
derof the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
|Jr-Zjp OkIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, F. a
X*3£/ and A. M.— F. C. Degree this (1 UES-_
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock". ULjf
A. S. HUBBAitD, Secretary. /V>
Pf^jS» MAGNOLIA LODGE NO. 2V, oS^Sayj**.
sV^^ LOO. hF.— lnitiation thlsif»s?'-»J3&
(TUESDAY) tCVKNINK. Brethren ■^f££«sgF
of the lodge and order plea-e attend. ''w/Uv^
By order SAMUEL POLacK, Secretary.
#CW* A. O. H. DIVISION No. 7. B. OFfe^s
tS^^ E.— A special meet of the above \\AvJf
vision will be held at their hall at 1-1 % '/'
>"c« Montgomery street, on TUK>DAYg£V^»
EVENING. February 16, at 8 o'clock. *sT^S
All members of said division are requested 10 at-
tend on Important business. By order
M. G. StiAßs, Presldenu
John Pk«ndeoabt, Secretary.
JtTS=»THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING OF j
If^ the mem hers of !h>- B;shop A rmita?e Church
Orphanage will beheld a', the office of thesecretarv,
63u Califon.ia si., room 38. on February 23. 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporaliou or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of 1 nistees for the en-
suing yeAr; also for the transac. ion or such other
business as may come before the meeting. .
1* WaMl a M . Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
J£r~g= DAVID STARR JORDAN. PRESIDENT
CCio' of the Stanford University, will lecture be-
fore Oakland Psychical Society, on WEDNESDAY
l-.VENING, the 17ih Insu, at Hamilton Hall; 8
o'clock, subject, ''A Sober Mind." .
tt^' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
sS^s? rolleitions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6: tel. 5580.
DJr~S= DR. BAZr.T REMOVED FROM PHE-
o-^ lan tulldini: 10 9GB <-eHry st.: fl. East ","7.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
e^s» DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
s^-^ 40 (twenty-rive cents per share) of the j
Hut'hln-011 Su?ar Plantation Comi any will be
payable at the office of the company. 327 Mir^l
street, on and after Saturday, February 20. Ifc97.
Transfer books will close Saturday, February 13,
1897. at 12 o'clock H. £. H. SHELDON.
5-etretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FE3IALE.
QUPERIOR SWEDISH COOK DESIRES SIT-
O nation: best city references. MISS CULLEN,
323 Suiter st.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH SECOND GIRL,
\J also Swedish cook, with refere cc, desire situa-
tions. J. F. CBOSETT A CO., 316 Batter st.
COMPETENT SWEDISH COOK. WITH REF-
\J erenc-. desires a situation. J. F. "CROSETT
& CO., 316 Suiter su
p F.P.MAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 306
vl Mason St., teL main 6332, iurnishts best help; |
all natiouallties.
"iy ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER j
tt in a widower's family with children: thorough '
housekeeper. Address F. > box 16, Call Office.
V AST EKN LADY OF EXPERIENCE WANTS
X-i a permanent position is housekeeper in lodg- {
ing-house or widower's home. Room 3, 995 Mar-
ket St.
>"IR-T-CLASS CO X: CITY OR COUNTRY ;
private family or b^nrdinc-liouse: uo postals.
Addre-is 2 days, 1163 Third St., Oakland, off Ade-
line station.
"DEFINED EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERI- !
XX. .need housekeeper, desires situation us house- i
keeper: ecu 11 try preferred. p.m. 9, 238 Kenrny st. (
. i
p t-RMAN C-lItL WANTS POSITION FOR'
VT general housework: wages $15. 628 Fu.ton i
St , near Buchanan.
pOMPETINT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SIT-
\J ualion for second work: good seamstress and |
■waitress; wages ?20. 145 Fourth St.
Oman wants position to work in
■• kitchen lv smali rf.s:aur.«nt h.i helper. '.< fios-
ton place, off Firs. St.. be- Harrison and Folsom.
erm \N GIRL wants SITUATION FOR
housework and cooking. Address S. Y. C,
box 66, all.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO j
general housework and plain cookiug. 68 I
Clementina si., upstairs.
RESPECTAIiLK WOMAN WISHES WORK
XV by the day: nursing, washing or houseclean-
Ing. Address M.F., 233 Fell at.
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION WHOTHOR-
*» ou.-hly : -rstanns housework and cooking;
is pood at bakine; plain washing at homes. Ad-
drew 824 Washington St., Dr. Powell.
COMPETENT GIRL: UuL^EWOHK; Co X
Ing; Jewish or American family. 3 1 i Fell si.
GIRL WISHKS POSITION TO DO GENERAL
VJ housework In small family. 822 Hai>;hl su
voi'ng WOMAN. WiTH REFERENCES,
J. wants work by the day. or will take slews'
\\or£ nnd sleep home. Address S. \V.. box 18
Call.
"iv" ANTED— A Position FT)R GKNKRaL
tt housework: in a. i;(H>d cook: no objection to
country- 27J^iourihsU
OCA >V' A N WIDOW. WITH OIUL 5
0 years old. would like position as working
.ekeeper. 4 ir\ 2 N.-tto.iia st.
89] Ail SIGN ST.. LADY LIKES SEWING
vJ — X or mending to do at home.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SlTU-
allon as housekeeper, nurse, or taice care of
invalid; city or conn try. 343 Mi na st.
YOUNG O IKL WO OLD LIKE A SITUATION
X to do lieht housework. Call 30 Moss til.
CLERGYMAN'S DAIGHTEIi DESIRES i'6-
■!tion as daily coverings to young children;
accoinpiisiimenu— mua:c. painting, pasteis. Ad-
dress ■ . I .; box 85, Call Office.
"L-XPERIENCEDGKHMANGJRL FOR DOWN-
XJ .^tHir-i work and cookin-r: wages $20 to 525-
-good ref- rences Address A. C E., oox 119, Ca.l.
Ay ANTED— BY EXPERIENCED NURSE,
" position 10 take care of infant or invalid lady
give reference. Adoress Nurse, box 14, Ca.li.
GOOD CDOK WISHES SITUATION IN PR/-
VJ vate f..mlly. A;;piy 18 Russ su
1 AI)Y WOULD LIKE &KIKTS TO CI>KAN
Jj and reblud; $1 upward. Apply 622 Jones st.
SITUATION TO DO GENERAL WORK IN
O small family by middle-aged woman, Ameri-
can: good < o>k and lanndreM; can sleep home.
Address vv'orlc, 1231 Marke.su
QITUATION WANTr-D BY A RESPECTABLE
VJ woman as working bous^keei or would do
general housework In a small family: good refer-
ence: high wag s not so much au object as nice
home. 28 Sou. h Parse.
COMPETENT YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL
would line to co to san Rafael as chambermaid
and nrst-class waitress. 328 sancuez si.
PKSP CTaB.E GIRL lO A>sl-T WITH
Xk/ housework and take care of ccildien. 24 Na-
ma at.
GE MAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day washing, irouing or housecleualng. Call
oraddiess 23J Khlpley st.
ITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
O to do housework and assist with coo. in?. Call
or address 9-4 Natoma st., bet. Ninth aid Tenth.
TJEFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD I.IKE P0-
Xii sitton to attend invalid lady. Call 947 .Mission.
p EKMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACK FOR
\J !lgh|, housework: Oakland or Alameda ore-
f. rieJ. Call 2044 Huenn Vista aye , Alameda.
m ■ ERMAN GIRL, 28. WlsHKt* PLACri TO DO
U ne eal housework. « all at 916 a Post su
T\r ANTED— BY RESPrC:FUL YOUNG WO-
" man po I ion ai companion and assist in light
bou*ewor<c in tamlly of 2. Address 'i\.~i Uavesst.
YOUXO girl WISH Kb -TO assist, IIOUSE-
X work and plain cooking; sleep home. 405
Thirteenth si., cor. Valencia.
yoUNG WOMA WANTS WORK BY THE
X day. washing or housecleaning. Address A. D
167 Ninth su
-yOU * G GHtL ABOUT 16 OR 17 \VI>HEB A
X situation to do housework and mind a baby.
Call ais4 Minna
KAMSTRESS AND CHILDREN'S DRESS-
ma<er would like a few more engagements;
76 ctuls a day. 231 Eleven st.
if UATION WANTED BY GERMAN GIRL
O for general housework. 310 Twenty-eighth si.
IRST-CLASS FRENCH MAID DESIKES A
position as a lady's maid aud seamstress. Ap-
ply 626 Merchant sL
1
SITUATIONS WAXTKD-
13KSPI-CTABLE WOMaN WANTS WORK HY
-IV da hous»clcMnl«ig or washing; best of refer-
ences*. C.I. after 3 lock. H. N., 222 Willow
aye., ocu Van Ness aye. and I r«nicllii si.
SITUATION AS NURSE; WILL TAKE FULL
0 charge of Infant or no second w rk KOdd
r^ferenc ■: wages 20 to $25. Room 43, Henry
House, Oak and.
pOMPETENT GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
\J tion to do general housework; eood cook. Call
974 sixteenth su, corner of Filbert, Oakiaud.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES TO ASSIST IN
x houseworK and piuln cooking: sleep home.
405 Thirteenth si., corner of Valencia.
yOU NO GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUA-
X tlon for housework or to care for dren.
1150 F >l<om st. .
/
IyOKWKUIAN WOMAN WANTS POSITION
-i-' as housekeeper in iodnln«-ho ise or widower's
home: good cook. Address 31 Hn:it St., off Third,
between Howard an 1 Mission, room 21.
uriDow WANTS wokk BY DAY, WEEK
"or month; bouS'Cleanlng, washing, plain
sewing or cooking ; flannel laundress; baby's
nurse. MRS. O. H. (J., Golden Gate, Cal.
A CC(»MJ'I,I>HEI) YOUNO LADY WITH
A many attractions wants place a* housekeeper
in b_ch"lor'sor widower <*horue. Room 2 223 Posu
UiANTH)- POSITION As HOUSEKF.EP : R
'» In widower's home to cook fur &»r6men;
good cook anil riri-t-cia?.i housekeeper Call from
9 a. m. to 6 p. M., 126 Fourth su. room 2.
REFiNED GERMAN GOVERNESS* DESIRES
XV situation: w!l teach French or German;
speaks French, German and English. Address
G. E.. box 68, Call Office.
MIDDLK-AGEDGERMaN WOMAN WISHES
situation to •!<) housework and plain cooking
7L3 Hampshire St., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth.
ANTED— A SITUATION BY A SCOICH
11 woman to do housework: good cock and
lai:n ir ss; city or country : wages $15. 552 Ste-
venson si., bet. 1 bird and Fourth.
yOUNG GIHL, 13 YEARS. WOULD LIKE A
X good home, clothing and scnoo. for her ser-
vices 315 Union st.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
Xdo housework and assist In cooking. Inquire
at i:'.:-H Washington St., near Leavenworth.
RKSPECI ABLE GERMAN LADY WISH I SA
l\i go d home, to do scwine ana assist the lady of
the hous-: w ages no object. Address S. D., box
62, Call Office.
\\r ANTED- BY A MIIJDLE-Ai.ED U&ttMAH
»' lady, a position as working housekeeper in
widower's home where there are children; is a
eood cook, and will be like a mother to the chil-
dren. 49 Sharon st., beu Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church.
yOUNO GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X upstai-s work and sewing. 1769 aanchezsu
GERMAN GIRL FIRST-CLASS SEAM-
stress, wisnes position for chamberwork and
sewing, ell shotwell st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of iiousework by the duy; references. Address
R. S., box 108, Call Office.
yOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 112 Taylor St.. room 14.
yOUNG AND EXPERIENCE I> WIDOW RE-
X cently from the 1 ast desire* a position us man-
aging housekeeper lv widower's uome or ho el;
good coo.* ; hours 110 5 only. Room 4, 1007 Mar-
-el at.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
sliutitlon to work; city or louniry: it a gooa
cook and laundress: moderate wages. 1000
Washington s:., cor. Powell.
1 EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDoW)
J wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country 1 referred. 88 Ninth s:., room 17 ;
hour* 11 a. m. to 'j p. m.
yOI'SO UDY \V' ULD LIKK POSITION AS
X typewriter and office work; $3 per week. P. tl,
box 122.
UT ANTED- POSITION OF HOUSEKEEPER
** for an old cojple. 822 Larkln su -
POSITION AS GOVERNESS BY EXPEKI-
x enced teacher of English, German and mnsic
(several instruments); good foamstr-ss and geu-
er.l ii;»"..i.-c: ; salary mouerate: highest refer-
ences. K.W., Sixuenth and Mission :as., Cal .
yOUNG DANISH GIRL WISHES WORK
X by the duy: i.nv kind; housework; washing
i:onins. 500 Broderic* St.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN, WITH FlRST-
class city refer -ncei, w*n:R situation as child's
nurse or upstairs or* ana sewing. Apply 2424
Bush %l.
■\'UUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
j X keeper: co tritlers; references. Address
S. M. D.. box 134. CalL
WAIST ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION'S *OR
'» Ihk Call are tnken ai Branch office, touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission as.
lADY OF EXPERIENCE DKSIRES POSI
I J i tio;i as housekeeper Id lodgincr-house or wid-
ower's home. R^m 21, 220 Third st
yOUXO LADY, FORMERLY IN GO- 'D CIR-
X cumalatues desires it lucrative position at
lions keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Ellis at., room 18, second floor.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
It the .lay washing, ironing, nursinsr or general
l.ousewo.k. $1 da-' and carfare. Address JIKS.
Jackson. i11i.2 Minna si.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADs FOH THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Uayea 61.,
open until 'j:3j o'clock.
yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE AS
X housekeeper In a bachelor's or widower's
home. Room 1, 1035 MarKet su
yOUNG EASTEitN WIDOW OF R FINE-
X mi; ana culture <!e»ires n position as ruanng-
i ing jnemf ir In widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Pose su
710 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
1 IO CALL: eubscriniions au i want adi taken.
1 ADT WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
1 ' housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. DA-
DaMI, 313 Suiter.
COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
yJ in private family: would do ce^eral house-
work in ».t.t.l family. C»ii at _.;7"H ayes it.
\yANTEU-BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN ll O-
'i tel t). tin sewing, mending or care of linen-
toom: sleeps home. Call or address 11 1 Eighth.
j "IV" INCHKSTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 room* 20c .0 SI 50 per ul/ut:
$1 50 to $t; p<-r week; co-ivi-tilpnt and respectable:
tret- bus and biitgn^e to and irom the lciry.
QW COR. SIXTEENTH M., NEAR MlS-
sloa; branch otllce of I'U] Call, &ub-
Siripiions aid »■(■ ni ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED BIAI.E.
HUNTER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN
employment office, r. moved to 614 1/2 Califor-
nia su, near Kearny. /lei. main 231.
CHINESE AND JaP*NK>K EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4141/2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTfc.LLIGh.NGK AGENCY. R.
«J 90. St. Ann's bl'jr, 6 Eddy st.: tel Ivain 5234.
CUUi-MfK A JA I'ANJ-SE; EbT'D 20 YEARS;
Vhelp;teLmain 1997. BRADLEY AC a. (340 Clay
MARRIED COUPLE: MAN GOOD DRIVER,
groo.xi, gardener, willing for any work: wife
good coot:, for 6 ye*rs In rant boardl ig.school,
laundre s. FRED MILLER. i 309 Stockton St.
yuUNGMAN OF GOOD HABITS Is ANX-
-1 ious of obtaining employment in wholesale
j bouse or warehouse, or nut market 10 drive
wagon or work in.tide. understands teamlnir and
taking care of horse* had some experience In
' meat-cuts ing; an all round handy man; references.
Address M. S. .V. box 119, Call Office.
rpHOROUOULY EXPERIENCED MINING
X blacksmith, expert sharpener on Burlelgh and
banddrills, desires employment. Address W. S.,
box 107. Call Ofnce.
RELIABLE GARDENEit, THOROUGHLY
XV understands hors-san I tools, wants work: can
make himself generally useful around a house.
Address S. I., box 114, Call Office. -
practical, MAN wants situation ON
X a country pace; understands gardening, gene-
ral farming, raising poultry ami orchard work;
moderate wages; references. Address L. R., box
114, Call Ottce.
V A YOUNG MAN, SOBER. STEADY AND
Industrious, a situation driving n dellverc
wagon: understands the city iho ull3h.lv; bent of
reterentea. Call or address S. ELLIOT, 1701
Dupont st.
ANTED— WORK BY STEADY YOUNG
tt man: good house-painter an.l Al stagehand-
wages $i"2 per week. Aodress T. B^ 19^ sev-
enth su. Oakland.
E FIN ED AND . COMPETENT YOUNG
X\i pharmacist, through' college and with the
best of re;* nets is desuo-.it> of ob ainlng a posi-
tion as pharmacist In a hospl al. sanitarium, or to
a physician. .\di less (in tali city or Oakland)
G. £ 2i03 Jonei st., city.
STRON«* YOUSO MAN, AGE 18, HANDY
with tools, would line to learn wagon and c r-
ringe making and blacKsmlthlng. L. E. C, Call
1 fflce, (Jan land. '
.4 S BARKEEPER: BE^T. OF CITY RKFER-
-tx er.ces: slug.c and respectable. 681 Mission si.,
room 36.
STEAUY, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
O wants work of any kind, can nrive and care
for horses. Address Steady, box 164. Ca I Office.
VI AN AND WIFE WOULD LIKE PLACES ON
»'i a ranch; man good hand wiib horses and gen-
eral work; wife good cook. Call or address 29
Perry st.
FIRST-CLAss COACHMAN; GOOD DRIVER;
X onders ands coachman buMnes*: be<t refer-
ences furnished. HENRY DOMAN, 531 E!lts si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1807.
«TTrAT!O\« TTA>"TKI>-Contlnn«<l.
yOUNO MAN WANTS • SITUATION as
X ynr.inian for hotel or private boarding-house:
furnish references from last employer and others.
Address JOHN A. MacDON ALD. 156 Third st.
BOY 16 YEARS OLD, LIVING WITH HIS
parents, want* post on in store or office. Ad-
dress Parent, 118 Sliver st.
. • OOD BARBER WANTS WEDNESDAY, OR
• 1 Saturday and Sunday job. Address 627 rest su
STRONG WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES
place to do hard work; is handy. Address 869
J- OiitOlll SU
QITUATION WANTED BY GARDENER
0 wl;h firit-c'ass references. Address Gardeuer,
box 92. Call Office.
j MAKKKT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions tuicen.
Air ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN. POSITION OF
• I any kind; able and willing to do hard work.
Address A. C. E.. box 57. Cail.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 INTH
su — Want ads nnd subscriptions taken.
HOUSECLKANER WANTS ALL KINDS OF
XX housecltanini; by the day 01' hour. Address
JAPANESE UEOKGE, 1210Va JLarkln si.
pARDKNER, GERMAN, SINGLE, IjF LONG
VI experience in landscape, carpet bedding,
erpenhoiise and vesetab.e Kiow'ut. wishes toinke
charge of.private place; ha« had chart-'* over one
place six and Her three years; can furnish the
very best references. Add. B. W. , box 80, Call.
QOQ HAVES sT. — BRANCH OFFICB OF
OOc/ The Call: subscriptions and wane ads
taken.
WANTED ;BY AN ENERGETIC STEADY
11 man— position in a -crockery-house as -tales-
man or drum. 1 er: understands business; best ref-
erence ran be furnished. Address (salesman, box
120. tms otrice.
VMRST-CLASSCOACHM AN; UNDERSTANDS
X 1 band, ing horses; good gardener; ha* always
worked around first-c.ass lamlllen: best 0/ refer-
ences: good maker. Address Reliable, box 140,
Call Office.
147 ASTED-PO-ITION BY YOUNG MAN AS
'» foreman or assistant superintendent of quartz
mine: 10 years' experience: understands assaying,
under .-roii^d -nrveying and practical iruniiiir: sal-
ary not samuch an object as permanent i.osltion.
Address J., box 66. this office.
-OC IUOMI-.RY. COnNER OF CLAY—
• '—I open unti 9:30 o'clock; branch othce of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
INTELLIGENT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-
aged man wants any kind of lljrnt work; ref-
erence and bond.'. Address S. .S., box 108, all.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJS
~1 Call; want ads and subscriptions taEen.
utrnrcßKBTKtt house. 44 THIRD ST., XX.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to <1 60 j>er night;
$1 60 to &t> per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus aud baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WAXTEI).
pOOK. $36; WAITRESS, 525: NURS-E. $26:
«J 10 housework glr s city and county, $20 mid
$25; 8 young girls a>sist, $10 to $15. illss CUL-
EN, 3v;3 suiter St.
PROTE>TA T WAITRESS, $25. Mite CLL-
LEN, 323 Suiter st.
\:URSE COUNTRY, $15: WAITRE-8 COUN-
XI try.*2o MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler St.
p IRL. ASBLKY ST.. $15: G I R~u~bTEINER
y 1 St., $1(5: girl, Ciay su, $15: girl, writer s.,
$15: cirl. Eddy St., $15: girl, Geary St., $15: girl,
Nineteenth si.. $15; nirl. Fulton st., $15; girl.
Buchanan su. *15: elrl, Filioiore .*t., $15: girl.
Gilro.,sls; girl. Pescadero, $15: gir. Howard
st., $15: 17 young gins, $•<. «10 and si-' per
month, a^ist, etc.; nice families. AIAuTIN'S,
749 Market st.
/ URL, OCTAVIA. *26 GIRI* VALLEJO. S2O;
' I girl, sterner, $20; girl. S OH St., $20: Kirl. Pa-
cific aye., $20: plrl. Bush sU, $26; girl, Washing-
ton s:., ?2;: girl, Kddy st. $20: nursegirl. $20.
girl. Webster si., $2.V, girl. Guerrero st . $18: girl,
Laguna st , $20; rl. MAitTIN'S, 749>farKe..
"IyAITRKSS, $20: WAITRESS, $17 60 AND
" room: cham'ermnid *4 a week and room;
G rmHn '.v ait i ess, $20 and room. MARiIN'S, 749
Market su
J Gr.UMA.N NURsEGIHL*. $20: GERMAN I
I second plrl, good sewer. $20: 8 German girls ,
for general housewoik. ?C0 to $25; 6 .>« t-.! ah >
girls. mi 5 10 $25; German or Swedish cnU;, $j;.
to $K0; 3 young to asi!-.;, $15. German Em-
ployment Olßce. 306 Muson st.
pjiSTAURANT WAITRESS, CITY. 820:
±\> ■rattiest, nearcl'j-, $16; waitresses, small coun-
try hotels $15 each cooks, etc. MURRAY «fc
READY, Lea ling employment Agents, tic 4 UDd
636 Clay st.
6 COOKS IN GERMAN AND .MJiIUCA.V
"' families, with and without washinc;, *-5 and
(30: ,-i German and English nur?e», 120 ami $25:
2 «--c nd girls, $15; ch&mb^rmhiit and waitress,
country hot-1, $20; res.ourikiit waiters, *.J. aud
alar^e r.nmberof girls to riu our DDmerou i situa-
tions. J. F. CROSETT C>, 316 Gutters!.
\l' AITKE>S, PRIVATK FAMILY, CO U.. IK V.
'» $25 waitress, restaurant, city. 930; wui r"«s. I
hotel near city, $15; 2 housekeepers, country, $10
and *ij; 6 u«rma:i girls, housework. &'M. til
Swedish girls, hou eworit, $20 and $15: house-
work, city aud country, slo and 820: Herman
nurse, 2 children; 2 second work, $15. C R.
II AN. -EN <X. CO.. 110 l.eary si-
ll' ANTED— CATHOLIC MAID, $25: CATH- '
»» oiio gir. for housework, $25: 4 cooks. Ger-
man fie, $35, $20 and $25: middle-age French |
nurse, $25: younc Frencu ,iils (> :ii»;si, *15 aad
610. 20 Bir:s for housework. LEON a.NDKK, 315 |
Stockton st.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.t UIK«iS> OF
a. nationalities 10 till various positions. Get- ,
n.BU Employment Office, 306 Masun v
£) COOKS, 5J5: 2 NURSEOinLS, $15: 10 i
girls for housework. MR?*. 1111:1), 727 :•.! 3,1 st. !
— i
VFKAT YOUNO GIRL FOR GENERAL ■
-!-> hoiiseworK, etc., In ianiilyof two: uunie;
$12. AiMiesi M., box 140, RllOfflOa,
GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL UOUSE-
-1 work at 117 Bariiett St.: small family.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOCSE-
VJ *o.^: pl»:n cooking: small family. 317 Scotu
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL FOlt HOUSE-
\J work: renst ur.dti.iaud r o^inr. 317 Lnrkln.
p jRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: MUST
VT be I. rat: German prtferred; $12. 10 a.m.,
411 Leaveuworih st.
VO^'Mi »iIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 516 Fourth st.
\\r ANTED— GOOD TAILOP.ESSTO WORK ON
• ' custom coats. 706 bush s;.
GERMAN GJRL, CCTAVIA, $25. MARTIN "a,
Margie: st.
GERHAK tiIRL, BUSH &T., $25. MARTIN'S,
749 Market su
pErtMAN NURSEGIRL, $20. MARTIN'S,
VJ 749 Market st.
GERMAN NURSEGIRL. *15. MARTIN'S,
VJ 749 Market si.
IRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK;
\J small wages. Apply forenoon, 821 Howard st.
p ERMAN .URL, 14 OK 15 YEAI'.S. TO AS-
VJsist in housework; sleep home. 1123 Steiner.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
n>-l over«hirts and underwear. X.EVI
bTRAUSS & CO., 3£V» Fremout su
WOMAN 21 TO 24 FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
" keoplug; one In fdmly; wages $8. M. A. N.,
box 149.
JA 1)1 WANTED, TO LEARN MILLINERY;
J-i thoroughly and prnctlcally taught; cUsses
now formliiK tor spring worK ; satisfaction guaran-
tee i; evening classes. Millinery School, 22 V-.
Geary or 410 Leavenwonh.
STENOGRAPHERS WILL FIND IT ADVAN-
-0 tageous to join the Evening Stenographic
speed Club at Uejild'* Bus. College, 24 Post si:
fees $1 50 a mouth: any system; also beginners.
BRIGHT LADY AGE.TS FOR HOUSEHOLD I
necessity : gocd pay. Address A., box 4*i, Call.
LEARN DRfcShCU'ITINO AN MILLINERY;
Jsl per week;, unlimited sons, patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
/•I " LAP.KIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
yfi-O Call: subscriptions and wan: ads. taken.
MOST C ON N I E N 1 AND REbPEUTABLK-
i»I Winchester Hous*. 44 Third st, near Mark»t: !
201) rooms: 25c to $1 6J per night; $1 50 to $3 I
per week: free, 'bos and baggage to and from ferry.
"iy ANTED— IO young ladies to learn
»» barber trade; shop- to open May 1. Particu-
lars ca!i li>BVa Eighth St., s. F. Barber College.
I^LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X I Academy. 14 McAllister su: $1 a weelc.
J.- A WHENCE CUT! ING SCHOOL . 18 THE
J j only reliable piaca lor patterns: every uua
guaranteed to be perfec:. 1231 Market su
lit* NINTH ST —BRANCH OFFICE OF
XX 'ins Call;, •übscnptlou and want ads
taken.
HALE HELP TV ANTED.
BLACKSMITH. • $80 PER MONTH. MISS
13 CULI.EN. 323 .iter st.
SHAMPOOKR FOR A TURKISH BATH. C
R. iiANt-EN A CO., 110 Geary sU
CIOOK FOR A COUNTRY RESORT, $40;
' cook for a sanitarium, coantry, if4o C i:
H.'.NbEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
WASTKIi — CARPET SALESMAN; ER*.
» 1 rand boy for country. $7 and found; Scandina-
vian milker. $s:0 a. id fond: cooks, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO. 828
Sacramen.o s..
1 A AGENTS WANTED To TRAVEL; SJME
lv money required. 610 Montgomery at., r. 26.
BHI.P VrA.VTED-Conflnn*-'.
COOK, 10 WEEK. CALL EARLY: YOUNG
man. pantrr worx. waiting, etc.. $16 and
room. MARTIN'S. 749 Market sU
riARDENKR FOR PRIVATE FAMILY, 825.
VJ see party her.- early this morning: farmer a d
garden- r, fJiO, see b ss nere this morning; milk-
ers. *22 60. etc. MURRAY &P. ADY, Leading
Employment Agents, 334-636 clay st.
T>ESTAURaNT COOK. »50; WAITERS, DISH-
-11 washers, etc. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay su
Ij'ORESfAN' IOR RANCH THAT UNDER-
-L. stands orchard and vineyard work. Santa 1 lara
C. iun:y, .36 :.;.,! found. MURRAY « UEADY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
VI AN TO SOL CIT IN (SHOE-REPAIRING
iv. business: one who has had experience; rU
furnish.d. a. ZiMMEHMAN, 83^ Washington
»U, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED GOODS SALESMAN
J.J who is compefent to dress windows wauled
for city firm. U. *. Indus. rial A.c.icy, rcom 165
Crocker buildin-r; ope.i day mid evenin .
BOY, WILLING TO WORK, 15 DONOHOE
building; 9 to 10.
BOY TO HUN ERRANDS; MUST B . A oOOD
worker. 560 Fourth sU
Wasted- a yuung man thoroughly
»» experleiced in boo^keepine. Apply to-day
i from 2 to 4 p. m., room 7. 5.3 Market si.
WANTkD-AT 4121^ FIFTH ST. BARBER
11 that worked there last Saturday.
SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR COUNTRY*.
U Apply 645 Washington St., Harphan S. Jaus-n.
WANTED-GOOD LOCKSMITH AND ELEC-
-11 trician. 30 J7 Sixteenth st , near Mission.
GOOD BUSINESS MAN UNDERSTANDING
something about shipping business. 639
California st.
GOOD S , R .NG BOY TO WORK IN S^ COND-
vj hand furniture store; one experienced pre-
ferred. Address M., box 148. th s office.
BLIND MAN WANTS ONE HOUR'S READ-
X> ing In the afternoon. Apply at Pacific Scan-
tlinav. 44 i-.ast st.
GREEN HANDS, SEAMEN AND BLACK-
smI hs lor ships at HERMAN'S, U37 Clay su
\V ANTED— BDSHELMAN FOR REPAIRING,
1 1 good presscr. Call 5.6 3 Hayes st.
UrANThi- GOOD CaNVA&SER; APPLY
11 beu 4 and 6. H. G E'IZ. 13 Trinity bU
MEN TO CANVASS PORTRAITS; *.' 50 A
±1X day easy: call Ito 3. 15i7 Market, nr. lath.
r AITERATSII VALENCIA faT.; $15 PER
< * mouth and room. ■•
WA N T ED— TWO BAKTt. DEitd. 639
11 California st.
jjARBtR wanted. 822 third street.
\v anted— SALESMAN experienced in
11 school supplies. WhltaKer-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
"I\r ANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
'» josltlon in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. v.. 9 i^eary, room i.
CC fora LOAF fresh BREAD and pint
pure milk at the Economy Store, 917 Mission.
| >ARKEK>— FOR KMI'LUYMKNT CALL SKC
JJ P. l. Barbers' Assn. s. FCCIiS, II — Ilimm
fOURNKYMKN BA.Hat£H*4 tJ:i : LOVMK.\T
»J te<-retnrv .H. BERNARD. 10-' seventh SU
i;OR SALE— 2-CHAIB BARBER-SHOP. COR.
X Twviity.nln:hkud Cuurchsts.
BARBEK-SU'JP; RUNS 3 CHAIRS; LOW
rent: flue chance; rent paid for this month: 4
fine livini; rooms; $100. 4oBVii Sixth su
BAKBER WASHSIANDS, 1.2 AND 3 BOWLS,
cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 6.3 Golden Gr.ie ay
ANTED- 1000 MISSION WORKERS TO
" rescue the thllen. Call Bp. m., 81 Third st.
\\T ANTED— BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
" at wa^on-making. Apply 2312 Pino st.
I A DIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT .'HOES
i-t bought and exchanged; new vamps »nd sec-
oud-liand »hoes for Bale; large stock; snocs made
to order: bes stock; work mixra^teed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, n«ar<;rand Opera-house.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
11 or some simp c thing to patent? J rntect your
Ide s: ihev may bring you wealth. Wilt.- JOH.s
WEDDERRUKN 4 CO., Dep( L, Psient Att<r-
n*-ys. Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize
cft'er aud new list of 10.0 inventions wanted.
ipiAUiO UOUM4 B«>3l^| MAKKhi Sl.-t.uuai
X'j 20c, 26c to 50c :u?m. $1 to t~ wees.
OXOi-- MISSION — SUbfeCRIPTIONS AND
— «J— U wan; ads taken tor THE CALL.
l/J-.-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. '_"J AND
Xi 25 rents per nUh:: $1, $1 v 5, $1 60 per wee*.
1 »:-iric lions-'. commercial and LeidesdorH »tv ,
1 If' .M.MII Sl'. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
I 1 U lan call: subscriptiou and want ads.
taken.
|,hI".N>WILK HOUsHf, 14BMX1H SI.: OPEN
' » ali night: i< oms 2.'c to 91 per nlclit: *1 25 to
$5 pe.- km J. G. DitAKK, Matia;er.
IVLISII AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
KKCKUITS WANTED FOR THE U. S. M.V
rifle corps. V. ft Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried ruen between the ages of 21 and So years
who are citizens of the United S.ates. or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
corn* such: must be of good character ati . habits
and able to si«*Hk. read kiil writ* l'.tulisli aud I «
beinceu 5 fret 5 inch<.» and 6 feet In helirliu For
further i.itoimation apply at the Kecrui:lu^ Office,
20 Klin si.. San Francisco, Cat.
"OUOMis 15c TO 75c l'f.K NlOii 1 : 600 To «1 oj
It per week. Oriental, 225 Drumra
IN«LK FURNISH ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT.
0 76c nets. Llnuelt House, Sixm and Howard.
\*'ANI ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
"' Thk Call ere taken at Branch oflice, soutit-
nest corner btxteentu and Misslou sis,
Vl' ANTlii>,'i \J COLLECT WAUKsIJL'h LA BOH
'» emiclerks. KNOX Collection Aacy. 110 Matt»;
fOKV ACME UuCSK »>*>7 iIAKKKT ST., Hli-
X ".aw bixth. lor » room; I:sc a night: SI a we««.
"I Mil MEN TO TAKK lodging AT ioc 15c
1 ' '< ' and too a i.lsnu including cotfeo ana toils.
124 Washington st. . near Kcarnv. ;
OX Of* MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
— ')—■ v> Tim call; bubscriptlons ana want ads
taken.
ANTf.D— LABORERS AM) MKt?HANICH
»» to know that Ed JtoUln, H«no House proprie-
tor, still rnns Denver llouio, *17 lhinl ljj
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $,< i.er week.
KOSKDALE. 321 ELLIS BT.-BIN FUR-
X\> nlshed rooms. 'Me to 26c nlcht. $1 to 81 60 wic.
EMMO.s WAN 100 M...\ Ivi i-El HO I-
• tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 day
I%' INCHEST!-: it HOUSii, 44 THIItU ST., NR.
'» MarKet: 200 looms, 25c a night: reading-
room: Iree bus and La.xHge to and •rom the ferry.
■lIT ANTED- SIN iihlk ROOMS. 15c A DAY: 41
" week: rooms for 2. 2&c a day. $1 61) a. weo»;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
WANTED. YOUR SHOES- WE REPAIR
shoes nptn 9 o'clock every nl?ht: those word-
ing through the day can have their Mioes repair*!
at nlgut while you wait: laaiea' (.oiltii;, Hie; moi'i
toUng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 ap:
we have a tot of shoos been damaged by water, *i
l«s* ttiao one-fourth IDrlr value, from 26c up v
9l' 50. .",(J» Mission su. bet. First s.. ami second v.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
V.-HIIWKKK <£ 1 AY COMPANY', 7*3 Market St.
ROOMS WANTED.
"I ADY WANT-* WELL FURNISHED ROOM,
JJ vicinity City Hall: piano lessons part payment.
Address Room, box 12, Call Office.
SUNNY ROOM: SMALL STOVE; CENTRAL-
Iy located: reasonable. Address Room, box 17,
all.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASKET
1> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1163 Mission su
Sell your BOOKS, clothing AND JEW-
elry to A. KLKIN. 109 Sixth »t : send postal.
LOST. •;
I OBT OR STOLEN— AN ENGLISH SETTER:
-t back. white and tan ticked: 1-year old "dog":
one side of muzzle tan and the other white. j;»-
-tura to 1404 Church su and receive $5.
< IST— FEMALE PUG. SE. COR. UNION
and Broderick; a reward-
BRAN CH OFFICE OF THK CALL, 167 M.xTH
X> su: want ads and suLscrlplions taken.
I.EB. 1, DABK-BROWX WATER-SPANIEL.
I He; urn 10 1609 Geary St. and receive rewaM.
FOUND.
FOUND— PUG D «.: M .>. Li- FINDER HAVE
same at 2003 Fl lruore si.
PHOTOOKAPUtItS SUPFLIiSS. -
PHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CHtMI-
X c.-i.i, paper and 6 plate?, 92 50. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary sU . ■
PHYSICIANS.
1 »R- C. C.O'DONKKLL, 1208 MARKET, RES.
XJ 2804 25th su; diseases 01 women »j|>ecijilty.
PERSONALS.
ri ENTLEMAN OF MEANS WISHE-> TO COR-
yJ resnond -with a lady In the same position: ob-
ject matrimony. Adi ress C. B. L., box 130, Call.
\1 ALARIA — "
-I'A That deadly poison which permeates the sys-
tem, breeds RHEUMATISM and other ills-Is
thoroughly eradicated wi bout the me of medi-
cine by a course of bull* at
DR. SMITH'S?
ELI < TRO-MAG.SETrC BATHS.
Try one to-day and yon will be surprised at the
good resu't and be only too anxious to continue
the treatment. FREW consul atio> 1 to 3 and 6 to
8: Sundays 10 to 12. Call or address 1533 BU-
CHANAN ST.
A T LINCOLN BROS., CASH GROCER*. ~
- 1 *- 226 SIXTH ST.,
MIDDLE OF THK BLOCK
Four pounds codfish, 25 •; 6 Irish herrings, 25c;
10 bst bloaters, 25c: 15 cakes so. p. 25c: large
can mince meat, -sc: box macaroni or Vf-rmi-
celll, 25c; sack cor meal, 20c; 3 cans oysters,
25c: 3 cans s»!mo , 25c: 6 cans table f uit, 25c:
6 cans sardines. 25c: 6 lbs. corns.arch, Vsc: 6
lbs. prunes or pears, 25c; 6 lbs. apricots or plums.
25c; bu.ter, 20c a roll: eggs, 15c a dozen; 23 lbs.
granulated sugar, $1.
Remember tae name, LINCOLN.
A DVICE FRKE; DIVORCE LAW- A r-PEC-
•*»- laity; pr.vate; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections. bills of sale'
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at y at-;aw. 850 Market,cor.Stoclctn
T Ha YE IMITaToRs, i, TS OF THEM; BUT
X there's only one-G. LEDERKR— and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of hair-
dresslng Is 25c. Hair-dressing wi h shampoo, 50c.
'<* I-^ONIA" Hair Tonic 35c Gray d bleached
hair restored to natural color with perfectly barm-
less aratioo. G. LtDr.RtK, 111 Stockton st.
Be sure of the number.
HH D FbCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMB
• gasfltter. b23Go!denuate ay. Tel. .Suiter 471.
ANTI-BURG LA H DEVICES PUT IN ANY
building from $1 up. D., box 1. Call Office.
SSTROZY SKI. 24|GEARY ST., EXPERT
• European hairdressers and tern; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to others.
F.LEGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING PRAC-
X tlcally taught; day or eveoing $5 per month.
7 Hyde st.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICKS. O.
.NOLT. , Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St., nr. Mason.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X souabie: 10 years' experience: all matters
sir c:ly confidential. G.R.WJSBsTER, 1027 Market
street, room 6.
ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
»' gentleman of Kind disposition, domestic
habits, tempTate, refined, eaucated. indusirious,
honorable, thorough business experience, good ap-
pearance and well preserved, to correspond with
MJow between 40 and 50 rears, who has
property or business and In need of an lioneu,
conscientious helper; object, after tes- of my
ability, Integrity and worthiness matrimony.
Address Z., box 60, Call office; correspondence
sacred, returned if desired.
VEORANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LANDRY'
C. BABIN, 4i3 Kearny st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE. CARD-READING AND
magnetic treatment. Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Sutterst.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAE-
ria;e: terms of pa- n:entob lzlng; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 .Market St., S. F.
PAINTING, WHITENING. PAPERING:
X lowest esllma'.e<:best work guaranted; wall pa-"
per roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MIS KKKGAN (FORMERLY WITH O. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish hairdrecslng par or-
latest effects ;pnce 25c. 1241 O'Farrell. nr. Powell.
T AURA DE FOItCE GORD.jN. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
TIfETROPOLITAN 1-ETJs.CTIVK BUREAU.
i'l Parrou building, over Emporium; oClcen, 640-
-54- hours .4 a ii. to 12 p. M.: tele. Mini 1471.
ifWlfl aKI) » (1 &U. show cards, ETC.
IUUU leL lilacs 141. HILL, 22% Geary St.
C? 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS A V Wllr
©1 SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
597 aIONTGOMEnY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• '— I luk Call; waat ads and subscriptions
taken. ''-'.-':■'■
1. Ar.TINGTON'S M'IUOL OK MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration:' particulars as to
t<rtEs etc.. 424 Pine »i . : Uiustrcrions :uruisbed
for inagazjnos, ne«-spai»ers, etc.
ARTISTIC II AIRI)KK«>I.VIi, 25c: «25 FOR
■**■ cases of hair falllnt or dandruff i cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Parcel sl.. room 28.
UUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XX nntll cured: »end for book. DRSI M.4.N3.
HELD & I'ORTKRFIELD. b3S Marker nt.
MAGNISCOPK — NEW PKOJfr.CTI.NG MA-
Chine; uses theklnetoscope nim»; price 925 a
BACIGALUPI. 946 Mar.w si.
r ALL PAPER. 4C A ROLL: I'ArKK HA.VU-
'* Ins. p. ili. tins etc., by contract or day's work.ai
year own j.ricn. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster St.
Bin OUTDOOR fSTERKOPTICON >HO\V EVE-
Xi ry night cor. /larkei and Sixth sts.; artistic a.l-
vertisements In living light: promoters of bust-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 Market st.
ELr.CIRIC LIGHIS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester .House. 44 Third su, tir. Market;
'.Of 1 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to Hi per
week; isre bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
pi-OAKs, Kll.sA.\i)Ht;iT.-i RETAILED Al
V wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to an address In the
I' nited Stales or Cauada one year for $1 60, post-
age free.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. LARK. THE WORLD'S MOST
'.amons medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her it you are interested in the affalrsof life;
it marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, ' wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent triemls, interest you: If
you care to know what you should do 10 be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy aim sell stocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours li*. v. to Bp. ix.. strict. N. 11 —s» lsfactlon
guaranteed by mall, bend stamp (or paraphlut,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
ket su. Darlora 26 and 26. Take elevator.
CC. C. C c.
• Remaining 2 weeks only; the. famons, worU-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your ejections aud secure you Infallible
luck in love courtship aud marriage: business
and ininlnc Investments a specialty: positive p:o >f
of acr-irate predictions given. 1 Flf.h it., room 1.
MMX DR THOMAS, hCIENHFiC IUEV&AIr
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pay,
present, mture; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
i:;_- excepted; names given; good advice: sum
help; res lores lost lovt» by sympatny: mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. U-'J Post su. nr Larkln.
MRS. L. AHORN. CLAIRVOYANT: Hil-
lings daily and circle Tuesday ana Friday.
1147 .Mission st.
ME. LEGtTTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice: 25c; one price. 811 Tehama, nr. 4th.
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post St.. room 2. |
MM . LEON A RETURNED: CARDKE ADKR;
i'l magnetic treatmenu 995 Market, room 3.
MME. MORtiAU. BKS CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: foe 25c up. 764 Howard st.
UNbULTTHE LUCKIEST AND 8.-.STME-
dIum; 25c: one price. 41 Minna, nr. second.
* LICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
J:\- healer; permanent. 128 Seventh st., top flat.
ME. RAVEN A READS LlFri FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; up.s Fuurth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.;water readings a specialty.
GYPSY LIFE- i-KADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st, nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
RETURNED— EVA FOSTER, MEDIUM AND
X\i life- reader, satisfaction guaranteed. 131 4tb.
\l ME. SILVIA RETURNED — CLAIRVOY-
i'I ant; card-reader. 848 Folsom St.
ME. WALTERS OK iEHAMA: CARD*: LA
dl»s, 25c: gents, oOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
MME. SYBILLK TELLS FP.OM CRaDLH TO
grave; pictures givan:ladles 25c: Hi CFanelL
ME. HANSEN, PALMI-iT. CARD-RKADER;
past, present and future: V!sc 148 6:h. r. 5.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. MA V.i STEERS. 1121,2 OAK ST.; CIH.
de Tuesday, 8 p. it., also ihurslay, M p. St.:
readings $1.
v . RS. C J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUES.,
*» Wed. and Frl , 2P. M.; trance cir., Mon. and
Frt eve., 2 c; sit.inss daily. 326 Me A lister su
DNA walla, X, "THE ORIGINAL" me-
-J dium and magnetic healer. b65Vb Market st.,
room 10.
ME. YOUNG TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c- 4.8 McAllister St.: investigators invited.
DK.ADDIr SWAIN, DEV. CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
phvs c.il phHSPs with cabinet; 26c. 61 Fifth.
MKS. KLLIS. MEDIUM; SUTINI^.9 Tuß, $1-
A'A circles Toes.. Kri.. 'I r. it., 25c. 533 Valencia.
MRS. .J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
franco test medium «fcilfu reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT 'SLATE
. writer. 118 Hal-ht su: hours 9 until H p tt.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT-
success grtd;HTpnotlcMesm«rlclns,6 O'Farrei
BUSINESS CHANCES. |
fIOBNKK SALOON. < a FK XS'D GRILL: ON
V. Market St.; m «t magnificently turnished place
of Its kind and in o.ie of the largest buildli.p-i in
the city; one of the finest burs in town: receipts
are at least, ifOOOJ mid run as hiK'i as $40. p<-r
month: established over 15 years: has always
dune an extensive business: very cheap rent; Ion?
lea«e; till* pace cou d no: be duplicated tor $10,-
-000: as own cannot agre«» they hnve decxied 10
sell at a great sacririce: tall investigation courted.
A. S. LESS, 10.12 Market st
<2t «fIA MEAT MARKET ACROSS TH KBAY:
«TUUU. refrigerators cash re^Uter. 2 hor*e«i |
and wagons: steady run cf first-claw trade, which
can be ifi-d: immense bargain. A. S. LEoS,
1032 Market st.
Q. i COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
»JP ' *J\J\J . h use; opposite lar:e depot: estab-
lish d 15 years; prt sen. own r there 'i reers;
crowdel dn'riiu weal hours: steady lun all day.
A. S. LESS, 10-2 Market St.
C-7' A CASH SECURKS AN INTEREST;
»IT I O\J $75 monthly alary and board: In good-
paving legitimate business; a genuine bus.ne*'
offer: op.-n tv we 1-meaning nppl. cants. A. S.
LESS, 103. Market st.
C_«.inn COKN R SALOON A FEW DOOR"
<IrWUV. from Market st.: established over 20
years; finely fitted up. A. 8. LESS. 03J Market.
Q^fin CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
f^U\f\J. Western Audition: established anu m-
b.-r of years; boars thorough investigation. A. S.
LESS, 1032 Market a:.
Ul;' Z.(\ PARTNErt WANTED IN FIRST-
vP-*J\J. class old - establ sh«-d meat market;
situated on choire corner north of Market st.;
horse aid cart: prefers partner to hired Help. A.
S. LESs, 103.' Market st,
pORNER C IGAR-STOKE; OI.D-ESTAB-
\J llsh d: doing a good, proHt.ibl- buslne.-s: bears
thorough lnvesti'-'ation: must be sold at once. A.
S. LESS, 1032 Market St.
CjQfm PARTNER NEEDED TO ATT ND
«ITOV/\./. office, do collecting, etc, In first-class
contracting business: elf a me $150 per month:
owner s reliable and responsible, and will give
best reference. HEALY & CO., 23 Kcarny st.
<sjr*nn BARGAIN: CASH GROCERY
»ii UUU. across the bay: doing a fine business-
sunny livin_-rooms: cheap. HtALY, 23 Kearny.
IjMRST-CLASS REAL ESTATE MAN OR
woman wanted at PROPi RTY EXCHANGi .
QJl7^ NUMBER. OF BRANCH BAKERIES
til) 1 It), and notion stores; 8175 to $300. PROP-
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
CJQ7F: 5-OME GOOD LODGING- HOUSES;
«J)OIU. doins good business; from $375 up.
PROPERTY EXCHANGE. 6bO Market.
©lfvA LARGE list OF SALOON : all
tPIUU. prices, Irom $50 to &3000. PROPtR-
TV EXCHANGE. 850 iiarket.
n HOSE WHO ARE SEtCKIN-- BUSINESS
J places sacli as saloons, grocery-stores, lodging-
houses, restaurants, delicatessen, cigar-stores,
butcher-shops, cani.v-stores. coffee-saloons and all
other kinds of business, it will pay you to consult
the reliable firm 01 THOMAS & CO., 33 Sixth St.,
room 18: telephone soutn 692.
Ct97^ WILL BUY A FINE , ESTa t'RANT;
VT— I *J. cheap rent: receipts from $12 to $15
a day; will bear Investigation to this effect. 33
:M.Tth, room IS.
T^INE CA.NDY-srOREON MARKET, DOING
X a good business; will bear Investigation. 33
Sixth st., room 18.
ESTAURANT AND CFFKE SALOON; OPP.
XX, depot; $176. DECKER. 102'J Market si.
AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH $125 CAPI-
X\. tal wanted as partner in a produce, (resh, salt
and smoked meat business; cash trade: no opposi-
tion old stand: must ;a^e charge of rt c p's «nJ
work In st' re; prraent own«-r attending to ou.side
custom: will guarantee $60, hoard and longing
raonthlv by doing our own work. Apply and in-
vestigate at place, 617 Twelfth St., East Oakland.
TfORSAI.E— CIIY DRUGSTORE IN THICK-
X ly inhabited section: $.00: sacriricp; fine stand ,
for physician. Apply toLANGLiY & MICHAELS I
CO., 34-40 First st.
GOOD CHANCE TO ADD TO LAUNDRY I
route laundry office, on Market st , In no<vl i
location, almost corner; rent $12: livi.iv-rooms I
and yard. Address R. J., b x 134, Cail Ofllje.
/•■■ANDY, ICKCREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
Vj plies for sale: near school: 4 sunny living '
rooms anil bath; reasonable. Apply C_il Office.
PARTNER WITH CAPITAL TO DEVELOP
- goldmine oa mother lode; small capita:, a.
BALiG— ,R, Jim Town, Tuolnmne County, Cal.
SALOON F R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
O «nd sleeping roou. aaarbrd. for particulars
Inquire at Miiloon 915 Market su
V'O'K SALE— BARROOM AND GROCERY FIX-
-l tures: all complete: tall immediately; cheap.
138 second st.
CIGAK-STORK FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
V- de.tb; cheap this week. 41 Fourth st.
A LOON 64 MISSION ST.; SNAP IP TAKEN
tc-day; no age : 1
RANCH BAKErtY AND STATIONERY-
must sell: leaving the city. 217 Eighth su
RARE CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH. AD-
It dress G. G., 2460 Folsom St.
SALOON, ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSI-
O ness, with 4 completely furnished rooms,
kitchen and 2 storerooms: also big yard. Inquire
617 Sacramento su, CHARLES STRENO.
$"TXn SALOON; LONG ESTABLISHED:
<Jp I O\J. good location; good fixtures. Apply
"65 Third st.
I
DEAR SIR: ~~~
Yes, it's a fact (because of Inevitable private
reason-.). I'm compelled to offer my laud agency
business for sue, and In order to "efface a quic.i
deal am wl ling 10 make a g eat sacrifice and give
Some a gr-ut b.riraln and finest business on
Pacific Coast for almost nothing You may think j
it sirmitc (and so It is) that after 16 years of valu-
able experienre in tne business, having scent '
thousands of dollars in advertising and traveled I
the >ta;e ov»r with horse and Du^gy insprc-.liiK
and appraising nearly every raocn on the Pacific
Coast, an.i now having secured the acency of
about 3000 choice 1 ropertii-s offered for sale and '
exchange, earned $30.u00 commissions la last five
year*, still I've rt-a ly decided to sell everything
Just as It sands. including my enormous list 01 ac- I
curate y written descriptions, together with ah coi.-
tracts, complete set of blanks, si ecla ly rieslgneu
and printed set of boons, diagrams, traps, hun-
dreds of 1 holographs, thousands of letters, .is: of
prospective purchasers, all furniture, «tc.,
in fact, the most complete and best system-
atized LAND rtOEN'CY II? AMKKICA, ocrupylng
three eleganJy furbished f out room:., secured by
lone lease a reasonable rut. Everything is in
p riect co dition and though having cost thou-
sands of dollar, and years of hard work all goes
lor it few hundred dollars, which should ensl y ba
made back from deals now in- prosrt-ss within one
! month In conclusion I win say that as the busi-
ness is »i in pie 10 conduct and prospects were never
better any wideawake business man can take my
place and make much more In the future than I
have in the pust. Peasant, profi.uble and genteel
with unlimited possibilities. Thoipugh investiga-
tion iuvlled by you.s truly,
N. D. > 1 KELS,
THE
LAND AGENT,
620 Market St., opp. Palace HoteL
WANTED- PRIVATE PARTY TO AD-
» » vance means to help poor woman recover her
money from estate administrator has used
$10,000 and real property for years: money se-
cured by Interest In property. B. 8., box 72, CalL
AID CORNER SALOON— MUST BE SOLD
BKO^Toa^oweT,,. Week - A ply HUBERT
STATIONERY- 'TORE— OLD, GOOD-PAYING
O plac?: nice for woman to make a good Ilvfn*
Inquire Call Office. uviag.
FTHK BEST AiILK ROUTES IN AL\-
mrda county for sale; run by present owner
for I* years; sickness cause of sel.lug. Address
A. T. NEW I'H, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
at Fitch burg.
AN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
Ij and refined young lady. 1 Fifth St.. room 1
KUI E Y . A N u BAH, WITH 6 LIVING-
VJ rooms; kept by present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Tweuty-sK-tth and BarUett st.
OHOSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
J. newspaper: golden opporiunitv: easr terras*
owner leaving, .-.d Hess v., box 61, this otbee.
Q UA TE «INTEIU.>T IN VALUABLE MINE
nectmg >v,th 20-in, 1, vein of gray copper averag-
ing over $200 per -or., wnich h«s been opened on
r1 1 !!^i" l i - 60 , feet Irom °" r Property: rail-
li sf'i?.Tt» I .^i I !iV_" I X*"*"** given. Address
I H. s CHURCH., 215 Eighth sU, S. F.
'■ — " ' ■ — — — — _^^___
[ TpOFk WELL- ESTABLISH ED FANCY
X goods business In Oakland: suitable forl^dy I
r^.~. rsU i i i 11l . n f fancy work coniforiable livinit: j
ho°T m t '. < ? j ?. A'«.-' M " re: Price very low. Address
box 12, Cal: Ofiice, Oanlauj.
OALOON FOR SALE; MARKET ST.: CEN-
<^-> rai.y located: P<pii«r resort; cheap rent: pro-
-102 ° lher OUsiues * ; no BgeiitB - •* * box j
Q AL _ )ON FOR KALE; OLD ESTABLISHED
kj and well known: finely fitted up: disagreement I
of partners only cause of Bae. Apply 33 Third st
1,-IRST-CLASS SAI.CON: NEAR BALDWIN
X Hotel: must be soia at once; good reasons for
selling: no agents. Address TONE, box 11 4, Call.
GJ.OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN-
VJ first-class oyster and chop house for sale: »rood
location. 216 sixth si. «•>«««•
IfOK SALh— SALOON AND CIGAR-STORE-
X reasonable. SCO Ellis St., NW. cor. Leaven-
worth.
SALOON FOR HALE: A BARGAIN; ON AC-
count of leavln- « I y. 615 Market st.
\\ OOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE. AP-
T ph slil Howard s:.
VOOKQ EASTERN LADY WANTS GENTLE-
-»- man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 5.
TTtOK SALE— WELL-PA YIN li SALOON WITH
J. good cash trade. 232 Third su
BUSJXESS CHANCES— Continued .
HIGHEST CASH PRICK* PAID FOR FURN.I-
-XI tnre, restaurant, saloo 1 fixtures »nd itrocer.'
stocks. Si'E.NBEnG, 632 MarKet; tel. main 1043.
ili ' Q,il\ LOON MARKET st.; FINELY
rT> iO"U. fi.t.d. STLNB ..(i. 632 Market sf.^
J;|'AA RESTAURANT NORTH OF Ma- T
«Jp'iUl'. wet st., doing good bus ness: low rent; I
part cash. STENBEP.G it CO.. 632 Market st.
STHM coffee saloon AND chop-
•lP • VI\J. lo.is-: finely litt'-il up: b.ock nor of
MHrket St.; trial given. -S . 1- NBERG, 632 Market.
ffl;^CA OLD 1 SIAiiLISHED. BST PAY-
%ip\jO\Jm ing grocery and bur in the Mission:
must be sold; owner ."as other busl ••'ss: investiga-
tion; .iving-roon>< siiNßißi;, 633 Market st.
(J_l |W|(l WOOD AND COAL YARD; WELL
•jpl uW, stocked: 4 horses: clears $1 5 month-
ly: trial give-i. STENBERG it CO, 632 .Murke.su
■y UNO WIDOW WANTS a GENiLEMAX
i partner: small capitul. Room 8, -07 Post St.
pIGAR-STAND FOR SAIE-ON MARKET:
\J rent cheap. Apply Call Oilice.
A NIMATOSCOPK— P KOJ CTINO LIVING
j\. pictures. Animaioscope, 93.-( -Mrkt-, 7th floor.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
4;- »>£» MISSION — SUBSCKIITIONa AND
_.«J-.U want ads taken ior 1 hk Call.
A TEST CARFEXDER PaTKNI': BEST IX
J ventlon. Apply *>23 Golden Gale aye.
•\TEWSPAPEK ROUTE I. s INTERIOR CITY
1\ close to can Francisco. For particulars apply
ibis ofiice.
QQO HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
OO'-t 1 all: subscriptions and want ads ta>cen.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
OH KOOM HOUSE ON MARKETS!' $1400
OU 22- room house, only $ 400
66 rooms, cor... 8,0001 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs., must sell 20 <| b6 mis, be*t city .3,500
H. l. DECKER, 1020 Market sl.. opp. Finn.
<IL«O£.A 3 .-room: htil'Si-.; ROjMS ALL
tipoOU. lenteo. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
OQ. ROOMS ON FOURTH,ST., N K. M iBKr.T;
—O offer wanted; no dealers: rent $75. B. P..
box 77. Call Office. * . ■■
Ql HUNT sT.-LODGI.\G-H')USE W. 1.. 38
«J_L rooms; well-furnished; rent 30 per month. .
HOUSE FH BOOMS, Fl LL, < OMPLETELY V^
an.i newly furnished, fo: sale on account of ,'
sickness, cheap: no dealt r*. 208 Seventh st.
FURXITUKE FOB SALE.
AMOXr.Y-KAISISO r- ALE— 30 DAYS ONLY
j\. Eedroo.u sets, 3 pieces $9 50
Solid oak dining chut 75a
4 -room furniture outfit. $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 66c yard
SHIRKK it aIiIREK. 747 Market st., oppoilu*
Grant aye.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOP.
lowest prices on household roods: new or tuOJ
m new: cas or on time: op.-n eveninss.
KURXITURE WANTED.
I^URN'JTURE. STOVE*. CARPETS. COUN-
J: tera. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market. ■
IF YOU WANT UOOi> PRICKS Foil FURNt-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larklo.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAIU
by Indian* Auction v' 0.1057 Markot.opr>.'onei
CAKPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORK*
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENi .
M-r. 3« and 40 Eighth b:. : telephone South 250.
VV HEN YoU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
*» poor send toSPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
pet-bea.lng Works. 353-57 iehamast.; tel. So. 41).
CARPET-i LEANING, 3c: LAYINU, 3c; RUG
v^ samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th 91.
A DVANCE CARPET-CLEANIN- CO., 402
-A. Sutler; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALtOJJ.prop.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaniug renovtg. fclter-
-0 . ntlon works. 409 McAllister, 'lei. Ji-ssie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED _ RENOVATKD LIKE
V^ new. 23Temh; lei. S-outh 36. Mackintosh <£ Co.
JE.- MITCHELL, CARPET-* IEa.M.N" CO..
. *i4O 14th su : cleanlnz Sc a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
pONKLIN'S CAP.PKT- BEATING WORKS
\J 833 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kaat l-.'ft,
MUSICAL. IXSTRUJIEXTS.
CALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUEXN
. pianos; patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of nil musicians. 2-8 Post.
ELEGANT BRUENN PIA -O: G >uD A* W
new; sacrifice. BRUENN 'S, 2^B Post st. ™
ACTUALLY THE BEST BaKGAINS IN Pi-
-TV. anos; mon hly payments from .-.5 up; deliv-
ert-d free with 5.0.l and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market st., opp. Mason; estab
1 shed over 20 yearj.
ffi-1 f\(\ UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
«I)1UI/. bargilii. BRUENNS, 2k.8 lost st.
T7LEGANT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT FOR bALE
lion accouut of departure; 3 petals THh, F
W. s-PENCER COMPANY, 4 33 Market su, oppl
Mason. , : ■_■
YOU ARE WKLC ME TO CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Pou st.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
-Tl house west of Chicago is K'JHLER it
CHASE'S. 26, 28 aud 30 *'> arrell s .; piunos or-
guns and all onur musica' instruments, o: ail
grades and prices; lenus easy: prices lowest-
everything possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
VOR SALE-VERY ( HEAP; TERMS IF DE-
X sired: or will exchange for tan Francisco resi-
dence property: line large modern residence In
San Jose: clear; every convenience; best loca-
tion; on electric-car 1 ne: beautiful garden: lino
frnu Uees. J. M. SULLIVAN, U. 64. Mint, Saa
Francisco.
. ONA FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' Haines. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON. successor to A. L. Bancroft <fe Co., 324 * oau
|NE WEBER. f200; STEIN WaY. $175
. Hardman, *360; organ, $50: excellent condi-
tion. . seiond floor, Ilooa bul.ding, THK DEW.
ING CO.
OUR "RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a tine new piano. SHJttt-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Kearny and suiter sts.
A DMINISiRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
.'*. pianos at immense reduction for casa or oa
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
WHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
" tlie same mon-.hly payments will purchase
One at SHEKMAN. CLAY _ CO-'S.
OOD UPRIGHTS $1-5, «150 AND $173:
square $65: call soon. MAL'VAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market st.
HE BKST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
X from s-teltiwav down, can be found at SHER-
MAN, CLAY <fc CO.'S.
ai.gain. fink LARGE upright, 1
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister.next Hibernla Baat. ■
AT SHERMaN. CLAY _ CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos.
TTORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT:
XX brilliant «nd powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WU. BADGER. SU..K A ENT FOR HALLE C
.& Davis ana Francis Bacon pianos. 415 isacta.
ANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. 'a
on very easy payments.
A; H A. A . ELNW A V 5250. CHICKERINO
»185; great bargains. s4 mo. HEINE.I 36 KUU
BYRON MAIZV. bUS Pv,sT ST.->OHMt.K,
N ewbv <t Evans, Bricks and other piano j.
C UPKRIOH VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD A NEW
i-J 11. Ml LLKR. mak*r. re^: irer 3 I » ham place.
HORSES.
I>ER>ONAL PROP KTY SALE OF HORSK,
x cart au 1 harness, the property of B. McMahon,
will be sold for board bill at auction at « nuttl Ar-
raSe stao c, : J .27 sixta st.. S. F./ \\ ednesday, Feb.
17, 1897. a: llo'c.o.k a. m.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
rx\J buggies, carts, harness: iJrand Arrade Horse
Market, 327 sixiust.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN & IKM LE. Auctioneers.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LKT AND
for sal*?. M.F. BOYCE'S livery sta le. 38 12lb.se
t/\ HEAD OF UORSESS>UITAiJLh FOR ANY
OVbuslness 900 to 1500 pounds. O d Turk-sU car
stables. 1301 Turk; team of large young mule,. .
Fvl||| SKT.NEW AND bt(X>Sl)-UAAu ti\ti-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: t>«Key.wacon. carts, surrj/
6 rcckawar; 40 cheap horses. 15lti an.) Valencia.
C/\ HEAD DKIVIN'* AND WORK IiORSES-
t)U weight 1000 to 1700 hi. «62 Howard st . ' .
WAGONS ANI> CARRIAGES. «
•VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN- '
i.i dry and milk-wagon; also fine top buceirund
rockaway. 8v:8 Harrison st. **'
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LA w"oFFICe! ROOM!
t) 'in and 27; Crocker biulutu^; i*iepuuiio mml*
'it, Kan Francisco. Cal. - •
1 OHN K. AiTKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHES 1
O -itvu _. i_w. »ma 515.518, bitx _oor, Parrot 1 ul^UHOUSES TO LKT.
A SIMON & GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY
-£*- St.: 109 Vallejo st., near Front, suitable for
sailor boarding-house; 8 rooms: rent *20.
T?t .' — 030 PINE, NKAH .TONES (NOB
-l Ilili)— 2-story bouse. 10 rooms ttn<l bath: newly
1 a ntrd and pape.'td; house open for inspection
Tom 2 to 5 p. 11.
P w HOUSE, 7 ROOMS; WESTERN" A DDL
-*-' tton; lent $}. r >. Address R-, box 69, tbisoSlce.
1 7 COOK, OFF POINT LOBOS ROAD — 3
A I rooms; yard; casement: ren. $8.
T>TE\VLY PAINTED HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS;
-1-1 rent 511; water free. S3d s Twenty-sixth su.
near Mission.
KA" JuNES-DOWNTOWN: H ROOMS AND
uyj I batn: »30. MBS EN & CO.. 14 Mootgy sU
©17 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
v-X • • p< red; in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
"I 99fl BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
X«— yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
QHA(\ l"31 BROADWAY, -NEAR GOUGH— B
tjpiv/. rooms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD TK.VAM-, KJKCTED: tf'i- SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
C£9fl 2814LAUUNA; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
<p_VF. ?18— 1835 Union; corner; 4 rooms.
$14— 1833 Union: 4 rooms.
5 ROOMS; 5338 SECOND ST.; *16 PEP.
month. Key at 539 second st.
7 KOOMS; 537b SECOND fcT.; *17 PER
I month. Key at 639 Second «t.
5 ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
«■' proveroents; 45 Federal s\; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 .-econd 3U
HOUSES TO KJbKT Fort VKRY UTTLK
money nt £Ai.UWl:v v. ii.\iiilU.Mi i iJ
Moatromerv st.
I'UKXISHED HOUSES.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED RESIDENCE,
XJ containing 11 rooms, north side of O Farrell
St.. near Gough; owner coin* East: will rent for
six months: no agents. Apply 132 First St.
FURNISHED MODERN d-ROOM HOUSE;
best location: bath: ;as raiis^: chicken-yard:
reasonable. 2067 San Jose aye., Alameda.
COTTAGES TO LET.
OOX ELEGANT NEW «- ROOM COTTAGE,
-<-«->• O'Farrell st. See SPECK & CO.. 602 MkU
r99 Baker— furnished cottage 5
*-'—'— rooms and batb; convenient to 3 car lines:
■ rent reasonable; reJerences required.
"1 CO») TURK — COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS; 3
X <-'— — rooms in rear; large stable.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 6 BOOMS,
bath, basement, yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
Q-J X NICE COTTAGE: 6 HOOMS: BATH;
tsxO. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
Q7 AND $9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
V I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
St., or G. H. U.MBSE.N & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
FLATS TO LET;
Cfkr FELL— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YARD AND
O\JO basement; rent $15.
CAVE MONEY BY RENTING FROM SPECK
O«fc CO.. 602 Market. 300 vacancies to choose from.
79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
• — V bath; light; sunny: nice yard.
. C»l f\ EACH-FLAT 1123 VALLEJO; COT-
CJ- tage 8J ■ Tay. nr. cor. Clay and Powell.
ffl«1|1 FLAT: 4 ROOMS, HALL AND DOUBLE
«3)XU. parlors: yard. 1606% Stevenson. 18th.
FLAT TO LET: FOR A dMALL FAMILY;
cheap rent. 805 Capp st.
1«>O«J1 SACRAMENTO - FLAT 5 ROOMS:
lO— O-4 modern improvements: rent $16.
O9U TKHA.MA — MODERN FLAT OF 6
O~jd rooms; latest improvement: rent reduced.
•QQ TOP FLAT; 4 ROOMS: SUNNY. APPLY
i_ •*. Bakery, cor. Germanla and Fillmoreste.
•Q 1') NEWLY PAPERED UPPER FLAT;
0' — • 4 rooms, yard. l\i'i\\'« Sacramento s:.,
- near Jone^.
Oft o9 NINETEENTH — LOVELY SUNNY
i)\)» )_. Hat 4 rooms aua ta:li; modern improve-
ments.
00: TWELFTH— SUNNY ROOMS, BATH
*)OO and laundry; rent $lti. Apply 19 Isis su
~j OWEH.UPPEH FI^ATS— S ROOMS: BATH;
XJ yard; $15, *18. 12 siiotwell at.,ur. Fourteenth.
IT'LAT; 7 SUNNY AND LIGHT ROOMS AND
'bath; latest improvemen.s. 3457 Twentieth
st., bet. Howard and Capp.
' "."L'IKST FLOOR. FRONT AND BACK PARLOR.
r kitchen, washroom, basemen:, yard. 1205
Goldeu Gate aye.
ELEGANT B > Y-WINDOW, 6 SUNNY ROOMS,
JCJ ba.h; SJO. "335 Minna st., near Nln.h.
- 9 re NOE, NEAR FOURTEENTH— UPPER
'■ — • flat 7 large rooms and bath; In perfect order;
. sun all day; drainage perfecu
ULJIT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT;
-F Sl5 per month: 2610Va Mission »t- Apply 844
Capp su
Q9' MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
—O. 1128 r.oward St., near Seventh.
4 -ROOM FLAT: FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
. eral st.; 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 639 second st.
(SHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
LATS TO KENT FOR VJ£HY LITTLE
money at EALUWLV dc HJLiLHOSUXsi, 10
aiontjroiiierv st.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
",' Brady Street.
79 BRADY, OFF MARKET-3 UNFURNISH-
-1 — ed housekeeping rooms cheap; small family.
• '. Birch Avenue.
(*1 ;r BIRCH AYE., BET. LAGUNA AND BU-
uli) chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen. $7.
l-His Street.
Q99 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
tJ_— housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
' I fI9Q ELLIB — 4 NICELY FURNISHED
J. \J±dU rooms; parlor, piano, i bedrooms, kitchen.
lllth Street.
Q9K FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
0— O keeping, 2, *11; 1. $7; sunny hall room, $5.
I'olaorn Street.
Q7/1 FOLSOM— NICE SCNNY FURNISHED
• 'It: rooms to let for housekeeping; double or
single: reasonable.
I'uiton Street.
11f»FULTON — NICELY FURNISHED
X 1 U large room suitable lor light housekeeping;
a so single.
L Xfaight Street.
r ] r\r\ Haight— 2 sunny rooms com-
'/" ' pietely furnished for housekeeping.
Howard Street.
1 Ofiß? OWARD -* vlcE SUNNY BAY-WIN-
•* V ' v - M dow housekeeping rooms; also single
room*; price reasonable.
1 149 HOWaRD-2 SUNNY FURNISHED
$12 50 lronlroom8 : range; water; rent ?10 to
■ . Jackson Street.
qr\(* JACKSON-2 LARGE UNFURNISHED
'J\J\J rooms: sunny; water free, $10. .
ilesMte Street.
621 2 JESSIE, NEAII SEVENTH-4 ROOMS;
* J £* ■*■ j£ rent $9>
Kearny istxeer.
990 KEARNY-30R5 ROOMS COMPLETE
— O for housekeeping: also suit and single. .
<)O(\ KBARNY-HOUSF. KEEPING ROOM
_ .O\J with gas or coal stove; other rooms.
Lnrkin Street.
■'OHO LARKIN ST. — 3 KLEGANT SUNNY
*•> — U housekeeping apartments: gas stove; cen-
tral.
/I_9Q LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
. 'I — '-' for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
aicAllister Street. V
.99A1 McALLISTER-NICELY FURNISHED
*__<U:» housekeeping, also single ro ims; rent low.
"OOf<A McALHTER— NICELY FURNISHED
— *«U bay-window suite for housekeeping: also
single. • ■
1 kfUOm« >tr«e..
W'XCU' MINNA — NICELY FURNISHED
' OUU housekeeping rooms, also sing cheap.
071 MINNA — bUNNY BACK ROOM;
Oil. water, stove, closets: also basement room ;
private.
rjij MINNA— FURNISH -D SUNNY ROOMS
iJ"IU for housekeeping; lur^eyard.
Mission Street.
QA 7 MISSION— FRONT ROOM AND
tJrxJL kitchen; furnished for housekeeping
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued. !
. Montgomery Street.
F. 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY - OPEN
O—l until 6:B' o'clock; branch office ot This
C all: subscriptions nnd ant ads taken.
>ai.oiii» .•street.
Dl NATOMA, COR. SECOND-SUNNY FRONT I
O J ana back housekeeping rooms, *1 50 a week:
single, $1; quiet p.ace .or decent people.
CC t NATOMA-SUITKS OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 ing from ?8 to $10; single rooms $4 per
month; with yard.
i Ok; Sire©..
71 C POST— SUITE UNFURXISHisD PAR-
i 1 ') lorn; also suite furnished housekpg rooms.
Seventh Street.
Q SBVENTH-3 KURNISHKD ROOMS, COM-
• > plete for housekeeping; 2 btds; no children Du-
ller li
Turk Street.
Z.AO TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
«.)■!•> room, running water, grate, gas, bath:
privilege of cooking.
lillM Mr«u..
-I f\f\l THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
lUO'i housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
BOOMS TO LET.
Clay Street.
1-injA. COR. CLAY AND MASON— good,
X I \J~i sunny front rooms.
Eddy Street.
;r I 9 EDDY— NEATLY FURNISHED LARGE
0 I ~ room, also small room $10 and $8.
-qa EDDY — FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOMS,
UOU grate, running water. $7; "single, SI: house-
keeping.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 58 STH
0 su, near Market: lurnlshed and unfurnished.
l.lli-. street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS — ISCANDEH.
cent lights In every room; reading- room, con-
taining daliy j-arcr.s; siuoklns-room and ladies'
parlor; open all nl?lit: room* per night. 35c to
$1 st»: week, 92 to $8: month. $8 to S3O: lire es-
capes; elevator on office door; annex of 65 rooms
now ready : hot and cold water In each room; baths.
rpHE P.AMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot <fc cold water.
7111 ELLIS, NEAR LARK IN — SUNNY
I 11» room* suitable for young men near City
Hall; reasonable.
2'iltri street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission; rooms
60c. 7ac and $1 per night: $2 to 25 per week.
Qt>K FIFTH ST.— DOUBLE PAHLORS AND
• »—«.) kitchen, bath, unfurnished or furnished;
$15 to $*0.
Foliom ll—
n/jQi FOLSOM— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; RENT
OOt7* 12 a month.
Geary Street.
9-1 X GSARY ST., OPP. UNION SQUARE—
iJ 4 unfurnished rooms; key at 217 Geary st.
QA-l 1 GEARY, COR. HYDE- HANDSOMELY
OUla tnrnished sunny suite of rooms, bath;
reasonable.
Q-J C GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS: SUITE OR
010 single; folding-beds if desired: reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
9f»Q GOLDEN GATE — 2 SUNNY CORNER
Z.UO rooms with carpets: will furnish.
tno GOLDEN GATE-SUNNY FURNISHED; !
O\JO suitable for two.
Hickory Avenue.
91 (• HICKORY AYE.— 4 ROOMS; YARD;
Zlb rent $11.
toward sue*..
QHG HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
t/UO rooms. MISS L. DEAN, proprietress.
CQ HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
L »' mites or single.
1 'JO A HOWAED— 2 ROOMS FURNISH KD
X ')— -'i for housekeeping; private; nj children.
JonM street.
9H7 -'O.VES-THK VAN WIJTKLBt NEW
—1/ I nianHg>-meni: elegant sunny soltas aud
single: newly furnished l bath. eta; $10 to*3o.
01 C JONES- FHONT ROOM FOR GENTLE-
It.) man. gas and bath; $J.
, '. -• • htiirny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
-TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; tint 1
class in every respect: term-* reasonable. ~~
.Market Street.
7Q91 MARKET— LARGE FRONT OFFICE- I
ICO2 rooms In suites orsingle; rent reasonable.
1 fl'-*9 MARKET-NICE SUNNY FRONT
IUOi room: well furnished: snltable for man
ana wife or 2 gentlemen; housekeeping rooms,
reasonable.
■yuHKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PER
A eight, $35 to «1; week. «1 60 to $5; families.
1 QQft MARKET-FURNISHED AND UN-
J %JLi\i furnished rooms for housakeepiog.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY, BET. MA.
son and Taylor— Sunny room, 5.
Mason street.
8 MASON, COR. MARKFT (ALBEMARLE)-
Nicely furnished sunny front rooms on Market
St.: suite or single; suitable for offices.
A 1 Q MABON— NICELY FUHNISH ED SUNNY
lli) comfortable rooms; very reasonable.
■1919 MASON, BETWEEN JACKsON AND
i — I — Washington —Sunny, and elegnnt fur.
nisbed rooms; cheap. Inquire between 10 a. 11.
and 5 p. m.
.McAllister Street.
Q9O Mc\LLISTKR-NICE FURNISHED
O£.O room, with board. If desired; use of piano;
American family.
in Him street.
AOI MINNA, BKT. STH AND 6TH— NICE
J. tj J front looms, $5 mo.uo; hot. cold water baths.
AOP MINNA, BKT. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
Tot) Third floor, 6 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas; «18.
Ul±n MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window roonis: $1 a week.
Mission Street. '
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7HI MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 60 to %6 per week.
I 1 AH MISSION — NICK SUNNY ROOMS
Xltt I from f 4 to $5 per month.
■1991 MISSION— SINOLK .'.ND KN SUITE;
LZitil. rent reasonable; sunny.
99 1 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT BOOM;
£Z.O X gentleman; bath; rent « 7; alto single.
>atonia street.
9091 NATOMA. NEAR FOURTH— 2 ROOMS;
— O«- -4 water; yard.
i o»t street.
IQI A POST-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
XOXV/ rooms and batb. QS9££B
l'uwell Street.
1 Q POWELL— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
I O rooms: suite or single.
iiiio Street.
£9"l PINE -ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;;
U— I also use of kitchen for man and wife.
•V'ICEI.Y FURNISHED FRONT ROOM. FOR
X> either one or two gentlemen. 7 SB Finest.
TARNISHED ROOMS, rx.UBL- AND SIX-
X? gle: gaß and bath; from 97 up. 845 line
no bill. -'•'••• -'.-i'-i '
btcond Street.
91 7 SECOND-SUNNY FURNISHED SIN-
—II gle and double rooms; clean; quiet- Cl
week up. ' *
Sixth Street.
00 RIXTH- QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
*J*J rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
Bc\enin «nre«.. '
1 49 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE-ELK.
X^t^ gant furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
btevennon Street.
403 STEVENSON - NEWLY FURNISHED
rt\/K) rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or
without board.
CCC STEVEVSON-2 FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
*J*JiJ nisbed, one large and one small.
HO A STEVENSON, OFF NINTH— LARGE
I Oti furnished room : use of bath.
Webster Street.
901 C WEBSTER - boNKY NEWLY FUR.
—IO niahed rooms for gentlemen; references.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
Miller Street.
49f» BUTTF.F., NR. POWELL— ANTI.V
j +-\j newly furnished light sunny rcoms, olllces;
bath; central; reasonable; appreciated if seen by :
doctor. .
1 1 I X BUTTER-NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
AA l O lor floor of 3 rooms. HEBSI
btocktnn ■'.»««.-..
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUI{-
A nished suites from 9* io flO a week; single
rooms, SI .' 0 to $H 11 week; hot and cold water In
every room: baths: transient specialty: elevntor.
Turk Sireet.
ml TURK — REAR; 1 NICELY FUR-
% nished room; S4 per month.
Ol A TUP.K-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OIU suite; private family; en suite or single;
bath.
Miscellaneous. .
SW. COR. SIXTEEN I »T.," NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tub Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
REfcPECIAHL .COUPLE WISH TO BOARD
X\ and care for lor 2 children ; best 01 references :
sunny house: large playground: in Western Addi-
tion; i c -• view: -would board elderly person or
couple. Apply 401 Post st.
1 X 9/ t CALIFORNIA — NEWLY FUR-
XO£\J nistii'i pleasant rooms, with table board:
terms moderate. ISKiXS
7QI SUTTER- ALEXANDRIA— BEST AND
101 cheapest family hotel in tha w.y; new and
elegant suites; also siugle rooms..
119 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY ROOM FOR 2,
~± I - with boaid: $20 each.
IJMI VAN NESS, COR. BUSH-SUNNY
All/ A double and single rooms with board; '.el.
997 GKAKY- NICKLV FURNISHED ROOMS
— — t en suite or single; Mm-class table board
A A SIXTH TilE MANCHESTER; ELK-
Itr gaut furnished sunny rooms; tine table board.
HOTKL BKRTLING. 714 Bl SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN IiUAKI>£U.
OVERMAN FAMILY WOULD LIKE CHILD
VX to board or Infant to raise on boale. Call or
addreii A. B. C, i 032 Hampshire St., bet. Twenty-
second and Twen y-tulrd. •
pOMF.iRTABLR HOME FOR COUPLE OF
V cnildren, or no objection to iniani; terms
reasonable. Address 3631 Tweuiv-first St.. above
Cuurch.
—^— — — ! i
STORES TO LET.
T EASK OF A STORE ON NORTH SIDE OF
XJ Market St.. n»ar lUldw!u Hotel, or sale* prin-
cipals only. a. B. C, bo* 73, 'his office.
STORE. NE. COR. SEVENTH AND FOLSOM.
0 for rent cheap.
A SHTON & GARDINER. 411 J>IONT(>()M-
--.- cry su Cor. 1700 Market, st. ; will rent very
cheap.
BAHBEK-sHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
XJ ll shed 16yearj; per ujouiu; key at 639
second st.
Carpenter-shop; f 7 per month. 6De Boom st. ;
key at 539 Second >r.
P.umbing-shop; $tf per month. 3 DeßoomeU;
key at 689 Second at. .
Corner store, 631 second st.; $14 per month:
key at 539 second st.
119 TENTH— LARGE STORE IN GOOD OR-
XXO der; low rent; good teuan..
.11 ft FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
IAU Id rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. Uili;sEN |
<& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
_ |
STORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2 LI VlNO-
rooms. 1802 Howard su. cor. Fourteenth, !
rent cheap.
VINE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY |
A business; one block from Market. 15Grant aye.
A T LOW RENT— PART U-' 1 BTORJE AND
S\- ba>emenu 524 Pos". St.
J-mEAPESI' AXD BEST IN AMERICA- THB i
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent ;o tny address in !ho
United .States or Canada one rear for 31 50, post-
ace free. ' • .
OFFICES TO LET.
rpHREE-ROOM SUNNY COTTAGE; RENT
X «8. 2041 Hnrrison a:., opposite Eighteenth.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER ;
Powell— i>esirati.e offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. BOVEt'.TOV &C 0.,..30 m oulguniv.ry.
LARGESUNNY ICE: 1-UI.LY FURNiSII-
XJ ed; .teskroom: cheap. Call 910 Market, rru C 9.
DEoKROOM TO LET; CHEAP RENT. AP-
nly 509 Kearnr St.. room 8.
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS; NO MKDICINE OR IN-
J»- struments used; every woman her own physi-. i
clan; all female troubles, no matter wha: cause:
restores always In one day: can be sent »nd used
at home: travelers helprd at once: be not d^ce.ved
by self-praised advertiser^: money refunded in
every c»»e if a cure Is not effected; If you war.l to
be treated safely ca 1 on a man phrsiclan with reli-
able knowledge. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
1 R. J. H. JOSSELYN.THEGREATSPECIAL-
XJ Ist, still offers his valuable services 10 th- uu-
fortuiiHtf. with a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
dltease In the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a peifec: cure. Ladles, be is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar ;
toyoardelicie organism Is beyond bis sura con-
trol. His female mom remedies are sure aud !
safe In their effects. H.s tried and valuable reme- !
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In their I
action, and are warrant tor both youn; and old. I
lie excels all other* In cure of private diseases, i
over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlor*. 90ii '
Market sc. Call or write direct to 906 Market ti.
rooms 11 and IX
A SURE SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
m «?.k m^i? . ease " : ladles may have the bene-
nt of the skill and attention of a physician of lon*
and successful practice. A home In confinement
with brst care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Thos» who are sick or
discouraged should call on thedoctor and slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. ow y til. 1 urk st.
A LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
•XV ifrom whatever cans restored In a lew
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement; best care and
privacy;, regular physician; 30 years' successful i
practice: my ■ celebrated remed.es for monthly
suppression never fal.: medical electricity for all
.M l l \f,. . nip * lntll: every c *» e guaranteed: c0..-
-«u!"?,1.' r ;wV! :M " dellll " : hours 1U t« 5: plUs si.
MRS. DR. YtITH, 916 post st., near Larkln.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
xx less: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no .lee net/ hum- !
bug or other dangerous methods; money In every I
case refunded if a core is not effected: travelers i
helped l lately; years' experience; home In I
confinement with sanitarian tonvenlence. Cod-
sult free the only reliable physicians. DR a\*i>
MRK DA VIES. 14 McAllister su, next Hibernla
Bank: hour*, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. v. x " ocrul *
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TORK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a f»w hours when msdlcim-s
arid others have failed; no Instruments used-
many years' experience: every case guaranteed-
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class nrlvat»
home for continement. M Its. Die Da LEY 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore. '
DR. FOULEVS FRKNCH CAPSULES -A
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
ease* (no ma.ter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no uang-r or after effects: taken In time l-
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box*
sent free by mall on receipt vt price. WALLEIi
BROS., 33 Graut aye. t " IU
DR. AND MRS. WJ-GENER. 5*6 EDDY ST •
private home; every comfort: separate room's
before and ouring contlnement ; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular ihyslcUn: quick relief
for travelers: best cure; ter.is moderate: babies
adopted Id good families; consultation free pills 2.
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal PlUs (Diamond Bra*d) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladles." in letter by return mail
at druggist's. Chlcheater Cbem. Co., Philadelphia
RHL GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, qu.ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or irregularities: best skill; free diagnosis-
low fees: self cure. 401 Van Ness aye. '
A LPEAU 3 FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
JX. dies with female troubles; nodsuger; sate and
sure; f260 ex press C. O. D. ! don't delay until too
late. OBOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland;
» T THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A. Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for *1 : i call or write. 1029 v 3 M rket
bet. Sixth and Seventh, san 1-ranclsco, Cal. '
<D» ~(U\ PAID FOR A CANE I FAIL TO CURE
<Jp«Jv/V/ of female complaints or diseases of tbe
eye; consultation free. MRa. DR. SCO'n,4loUeary
DU PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PlLLS-
safe and . efficient emmenagogue: Cl per box'
RICHARDS &. CO..druggists. 406 Clay st.,sole
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 Market st : bis DO years'
fuccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by maiL
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 t.lghth su, Alamedi
"1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-EASK
IseeMRS.DR. PUE'I'Z and be content. i;64V4 4th,
1 \R. hall. 14 McAllister street, NUB
X) Jones. Diseases Of women ana children.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
AJ and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PUA UCAi. and IS. DIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest Improved methods in assaying, analysis,
elect rop: aline. CYAN process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
or ores, water*, etc. 26 O'Farrell at.: elevator. "
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octswin st., San Franciscu.
MISS I- LIZA MA' KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
<;. W. lid y 11 h am, Glasgow, Scotland, and eradu
of the school Of oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. < illcir days, Tiiura. and Sau p. m.
H HALT'S BUSINESS COLLKG 24 POST~
Bookkeeping, tuslness practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branch**,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening cessions; catalogue.
Ql' COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
tiPJO. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening 1113. mo-
tion. 18161,2 i'os-
AYRES-. THE LEADING COLLEGE. 32*
Montguioerr st.: individual Instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. telegraphy, etc.:
life scholarship $30: low rates per week and ma.
STAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. R. *-. DAVIs. 1508 Marker,
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE FEW MORE
X, pupils in any branch of English or mathe-
matics. Address J. E. C, box 149, Call Office.
ENGJNEEKING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
Xicl\iL Uilning. serve a>sav, hi.. X ray
tanchl; e5.186-1. A. VAN DER NAILLKN,933Mkt
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market su; students trained; office
situations secured , lowest, rates or credit for tuition
LOCUTION AND DRAMA: I EI.SARTE
Xli thoroughly taupht; appearances arranged; 1 to
Bp.il OLiVE HOFF-SCIIROhDEK, 299 Hyde st.
KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
ENGLISH, LATIN AND MATHEMATICS;
literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTUN,
724 1 'Karrrll st.
PROF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 22 Geary, ur.PoweiL
SPANISH. Etc: Prof. Dk 1- ILIPPR'-S
F Academy of Languages. 320 Post: c-i.u.'.i Ib7l.
BCBSCKIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch ottlce, 339 Hayes st.:
open until 9:30 o'clock.
BOOKKI'N'U. WRUNG. A K. 1 UU HJ. WIUJIK,
day Anight: no classes; $5 month. 846 Mission.
PIANj TAUGHT IN SIX -MONTHS: NEW,
X qnlck methuU; f.' &0 per month. 323 Hyde st.
PIANO LESSONS AT ITlli.s HOME; 50c;
bestref. B. K. box 76, Call OlHce.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIH GRADUATE;
French, lieiman languages: 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNC- i
XJ Ing, voice, pantomime. Mage. 814 Geary st.
/I UITAR. MANDOLIN. PiANO AND VUC'AL
VJT lesHOT*. $:■» mo. M»rv Westhan«. 39 Fifth.
STORAGE.
R^EDUCKD 1 BAT ES,"f
XV household tools, ec J M I IKKCK, 735 Mku
TKI'STKKS" SALES.
mRUSTEES'SALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
A the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed b.- KDiiAR L. DOW,
puny of the lint part, to HENRY C. CaMP-
-I .ELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, par-
ties of the second part. and the SA N FRANCiSCO
SAVINGS D M lON, s arty of the third part, dated
June 21st. 1892, and recorded in tin oißce of the
County Recorder of the county of Alameda, State
or California, in liber 445 1 f devds, at pages 4-9
and followins. and In pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 16th day of October. 1696, by the I
Board of Directors of s-iM SAN FRANCISCw
SAVINGS UNION, a corpi. ration, and the holder
of tbe note (No. 11.7.- 6), to s<cure payment of ]
which ike aforesaid deed of trust was executed, j
declaring that default had been made In the ray-
merit of the principal sum and other sums due i
under said note and deed of trust, an requesting
ana directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
\\ c, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
P.. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the l'6tll day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auc ion I
salesroom of Win. J. Dlugee. Nos. 460 ond 462 j
, > Ightb street. In the city of Oakland, county of]
AluriixlA, Suite of > ulifornln, ne will sell at public
auct on. to the highest bidder, for cash in Loid Coin '
of tne United States, the piece or parcvl of laud !
situate in the township of Brook yn. county ol 1
Alameda. State cf Calliornia, described as fol-
lows, to wit:
Commencing a' a point on the westerly Sine of
Orange avenue, distant thereon two hundred and
fifty (-50) feet sou ht-rly from the southerly line
of East 1 wenty-s-venth street, and running
thence southerly along said lire of Orance avenue
one hundred (100) feet: tl.cn oh at right angles
westerly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
easterly line of Bunnyslde avenue; thence at
right implex northerly alons the last-named line
one hundred (100) feet, and thence nt right angles
easterly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
point of commencement: - .
Belnic lots numbers twenty-five (25) and twenty-
six (26) In block numb' rone (1), a-, laid down »nd
delineated on the map entitled "Map No. 2 of the
Blasdei Tract, Fast 1 aklana Heights, resubdi-
vitled June, 1880, W. F. Boaraman. C. E..' 1 tiled
June 9. 1890. in the ollice of the County Recorder
of said county of Alameda.
'1 ogetuer with the appur.eninres
' Terms or sale— Cash in god om of tbe United
States; ten per cent puyab.e to the undersigned on
the fall of the balnm<r: balance on delivery of
deed; and if not so paid, unlem for want of idle
(ten days beinc allowed for seaicli), then said ten
percent to be forfeited nd .be sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expens •.
. HKNRY C. CAMPBELL,>_
•IHADDI US B. ; Tru s.ees.
TRUSTEES' SALE —IN ACCORDANCE
1 with the it-ran and under the authority of a
certain deed of trust, duly executed by CARRIE
L. COOK (femme sole), party of the first part, 10
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDiiUS B.
KENT, trustees, parties of tbe second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVIMB ' UNION,
party of the third par, dated July lath.
1832, and recorded. In .the office of the
County Recorder of the county of AlameJa,
State of California, in liber 445 of deeds, at panes
461 and fol owing: and in pursuance of a resolu-
tion paused on lie 28t.1i day or January, 1897. by
the board or Directors of said saN FRANCISCO '
SAVINGS UNION, a ■ orporatlon. and the holder
of the note (No. 11.771), to secure payment of
which the I. foresail deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default lift! been made In the pay-
ment of the principal sum a d other sums due
under said not* and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY v. CAMPBi-.1.i. and
THADDEUS B KENT, trustees, to a II the real
estate pescrlbed therein to sat sty said indebted-
' \> c, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the 26th day of Febr ary. A. D. 1897, at
12 o'clock noon of mat aav, and at the unction
salesroom of Win. J. Dlngeo, No* 460 and 462
Eighth street: In the city of Oakland, county of
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the high s . bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the Untied Slates, the pieces or parce sof
land, situate In the town of Berkeley, county of
Alameda, Slate of California, described as follows,
to nil;
Lots numbers eight (8) and eleven (11) a* laid
down aiiJ delineate on the map emiuei "Map of
Peralta Park, Berkeley, Alameda coun y, Cal.,"
filed March 24th, I*BB. in the ollice of lie County
Recorder of said county of Alameda, and now of
record 'in' liber 1 1 Of maps at pa<» 49, and 10
which map and the record thereof special refer-
ence is he i.ii •■ made for further ur more purlieu.
description, together with the appurtenances.
' Terms of sa v— Cash in gold coin of the United
Halei; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on delivery of
iletd; and if not so paid, unlt-si for wunt of title
(ten days telng allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to De forfeited and the sate to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HhNRY C. CAMPBKLL.\ „. _. .. M
THADDEUS B. KENT, /Trustees.
rnRUSTEKS' HALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
A the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of. trust, duly executed by James a.
WAYMIRE. paity of the nrstpart. to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trust-
ees, parties of the second part, and THE SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated March 29th, 1892, ana recorded In
the office ot the County Recorder or the coun y of
Kern, state of California, In liber 41 of deeds,
at pages 124 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution pissed on the '.'lst day of January.
1897, by the board of director* of said BAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNI. a corporation,
and the bolder of tbe note (No. 11,552), 10 secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been mane In
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec Ine said HKNRY C.CAMP-
BELL and THADDELS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein, to satisfy
said indebtedness.
We, HKS'RY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TIE DAY. tne 28d day of Febuary. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room cf Kaston. EldrlJge & Co, No. 638 Market
street, In the Citr ad County ol San Francisco,
State or California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate In the connty of Kern, Slate of California, de-
scribed ai follows, to wit: 1
According to rhe official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In township twenty-six (26) south, range
twentr-six (26) east,, Mount Diablo base and
me id lan; -■■■ ' ■■ '■" l
Of section thirteen (13), the whole and
Of section twenty-three (23), the whole;
In township twenty-s x (2«) south, ranee
twenty-seven (27) east. Mount Dlab.o base and
meridian: .:•
Of section nineteen (19). the whole; and "■ ■
of section thirty-one (31), the. whole, together
with the appurtenan<
TERMS OF f ALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United States; leu per cent payable to the under-
slenud ou the fall of the hammer; balance ou de-
livery of deed; and If not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Act" of sale at purchaser's expense,
HENRY C CAMPBELL, >_„.,
TiiADDE CS J3. KENT, j Trusi«ei.
:i _, . -J-''. ' ,1 . *<■■'.• '..-"■..
CITY REAL ESTATE.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
M ■ " . - CH"ICE LOCATION.
<feQnnn Two -hand-some flats of 6
t^OKJ\f\J. and 7 rooms un I bath near California
and Devlsadero Ms.: gunny side: reet won
done; < ement sidewalks, etc.; rents $67 .0. mort-
gage of $4000 can retrain.
KA-TOX. ELDRIDUE * CO..
63» Market st.
__________
r WESTERN A DniTION.
ftn^wOn NEAR TURK ANDDKVISADERU
*jr«'«J'»l.'. sts.: good hou.seotB rooms and buth:
well built; street \vor_ done; large lot 27: x 137:6
feeu EASION, ELDRID(iK A CO.,
>;;.{. 638 Marke. St.
CORNER ON _2D ST.
\J NEW AND MODERN.
S-^Onn GOOD BUSINESS LOCATION:
<!; Uuuv, store and 4 rc6ms and flat of 5 rooms
and bath; rents ■? l.'> per month.
— EASTON, ELDRTDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
A SACRIFICE.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
4llJsnnn golden gate aye., kb. Scott
«TOV7UV./. su: 2 floe modem flats of 6 and 7
rooms: bath and basement: good condition; cost
over $7000 to bul d: lot 27:6x110 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDOK <fc CO.,
--'•>• Market st.
MISSION FLATS. ~~
GOOD BUSINESS LOCATION.
t^l Z.(\ TWENTY-FOURTH ST., NR. FOL-
'VOXOXJ. sum: 2 stores and room- in rear a:. d
flat of 5 rooms and bath: rrnts $45 per month;
lot 25x75 feet; mort .■«».'•■ of $3300.
EASTON, KLDRir.GEA; CO.,
638 Market st
A SNAP.
-»- FOR BUILDING.
OJfin FOUR FINK LOTS NEAR SAN-
<© _^tUU. ch?rana 23d sts.: level and ready
for building; 101 :luxll4 feet: just right to bui.d
cottages and sell readily.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
-•:*.. • 638 Market St.
COZY MIbSION HOME •
ON KA«Y TERMS.
Q9OO CASH, BALANCE $16 PEK MONTH;
<IP — v'V/. cottaiie of 4 rooms and baUi in Hie
talrmountTrao.; lot .sxoo feet; hulta bock from
the electric cars.
EASTON, ELDRIDOK & CO.,
. 638 Market st.
CHOICE LIST OF ™~~ ~^
DESIRABLE LOTS
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
$4000— Fi ip corner on Church »1., 88x80; street
sewered and macadamized. •>.- .:
$3-00— Block 893, Outside Lands. 240x630.
$2760— Lacuna st., near Uaiglu; 26xa7:6.
Twenty-fourth at . near toisoin; 37:6 x
100; must be sold; this Is a bar? In. -■■:-. •:■
93500— scott gt.. near Un1i>n:~27:6x126:9.
•2800— lolsom st., near Fourteenth: _5x1_2:6.
$1750— -Nineteen h st., near Church; 50x1(j4.
$150.'— Eighteenth si., near Duu^ins: st'Xl2l.
41250— Point Lo.o< aye., near Mntii; 25x100.
K6iiO— J st., cor. Twe.ity-s.-v»iiihave. ; 52:6x100.
300— T st. and Fony-s xth av«-.; 57:6.\100.
EASTON, ELDRIUGE i& CO..
638 Market St.
©CXfl BUILDS 4 -ROOM BAY- WIND
«J!Ui)U cottage with bathroom and brick foun-
dation. GEO. M. SALSBURY, balder, 2010 Ellis.
rpHREE NEW MODERN FLATS.
BIG BARGAIN.
PRICE *5750.
RENTS $636 PEK YEAR.
Fla'.s coma v 5,5 and nix rooms and bath each,
with every known modern convenience contained
In a new buildine: street bitumlnized; cement
•Idewalk: blgli separate basement for >achttat:
lot 26x105: only one blocK north of Markets.;
flats open for inspection to-day; 175 >ue st., bet.
14th and 15tn.
KING & McNALLY, Real Estate Agents,
60 Market st.
A • ROOM COTTAGE; HARD FINISHED;
I "1 price *115J: $600 down, the remainder at *8
| per month, withou: Interest, until paid. Corner of
j California and Powell av-s . Mission.
j 4 1 INVESTMENT— VjuAT- ' J UisT.'BE-
l\ ing completed on Fulton «U. near l.yon: ex-
■ amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
: DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
Q> jAAft FOR *ALE OR EXCHANGE.
<g)-±\J\J\J. New cottage on 23d aye- East Otic
laud; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; tir.cic
toundauou; bay windows; lot 52x160.
U. H. UMBSEN <$; CO.,
14 Montgomery st. -
\ T EW HOU-ES JUST COMPLETED: SUNNY
Xl s'd« of Cole st. , near Waller; Hand In ro >ms;
! large lots. 125 feet deep; street to be bltumluized.
! Apply premises
I <£ 1 «C\t\ MODERN COTTAGE OK 5 ROOMS,
*JPJ-«Jv/V. pear station. in Berkeler: teruia
I easy. i C'iARLES A. BAILEY. 20 Mon gomeryst.
BAUGAIN— LOT 25xlH7:<> ON HAVES ST,,
south aide, west of FII more; $'..'9OO. Owner
- bis Hayes it.
CODXTKV REAL ESTATE.
WIDOW SIIOKT OK MONEY WrLL SELL
M $6000 ranch for 13500 cash: 42 acres ill
Jraiita Rosn. 217 Eighth st.
I <1-ACRE CHICKEN RANCH; 3 ACRES
1— creek bo-.tom: 6 intervale, around a liw-
room,house: barn; several chicken-nouses: balance
hill: covered with timber; plenty wood and run-
ning water; lovely «had* trees; some truil; two
miles from town; $1000; half cash . also several
pieces, partly improv-d, on the 10-year p. an, and
4,. 8 and 12-acre pieces, vacant, at (50 to 1 100 per
acre.' D. H. TWING, Sonoma City.
QOfjA PER ACRE: 5 AND 10 ACRE LOTS
«ff*OUvJ in the town cf Santa Clara; mostly full j
bearing vineyard, wltn some orchard: city water; i
lights and streetcars.
1 <59 ;r n0 17 ACRES. UNIMPROVED LAND,
j tJp_«JV/U. near San Jose; will exchange for cot-
tage or good vacant lots In Oakland or Aiameda.
T>EAUTIFUL residence in THE THIRD
X) ward In San June; will exchange for San Fran-
cisco property. -
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE&CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills Building.
1308 SALE— I2OO At RESGR \IN AND FRUIT
land: fenced and Improved. Inquire .N. a. ,
BR a TON, Williams, Col.
WANTED- TO I XiHANGK OR SELL A
ranch in t-onoma County for a city. <'a'-cland
or Saui_:i o property. Apply 1318 Larkln st.
— — _^__^_^_ _ __^_^_^__ ___^______
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sale dv H. FKANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building. San Franclsco.CaL
RANCH BARGAIN: »5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. M., box 20, Call Oflice.
lITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: liT
i proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and Ik years* credit, D. 11. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st . S. F.
MON.EY. TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alamedn. at lowest rates:
without removal: do commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
(EjOnfl C\C\(\ AT 6 Vi PKR CENT ON CITY
rJpOUU .\J\J\J real estate; also Oakland ; estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum, Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamond* end jewelry at. the very lowest raMs.
Baldwin Jewelry store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT; IST. 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
hate; furniture and pianos .without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Oflice, Flood building, »09 Market.
»go' linn Ai ' WANK RATES: lbT AND
fj[)O4O.\J\.r\J 2d mortcases. estates, rents, etc.;
l*nd a* low as *50- H. MURPHY. 6-JH Market su
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON bMALL LOANS!
We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
•JpOerty: low rates. A. SCHULLER, 420 Cala. m.
OANb ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
of Interest. JAS.B.Bf OOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
fflj^n 1° fSO.OOO;LoVVKST KATE: 1»T & 2D
iJ)O\J mortgage: flat orlnstlmn:. Dry don, 535 Cal.
4 DVAKCKS ON DIAMONDS. JEW
_\(:olnmbl» Loan A (Ollaterat oillc.-. '.i >-rant aye.
-IN AN CIA-,.
WASTED- $J5,000 ON FIRST MORTGAGE;
TT payl.p vineyard: principals only. M.. 143, Call
ATTORNEYS-
» DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A bPEC-
JV laity : private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sales' deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st . corner Stockton st,
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUO
cessful. W. W. DAVIDoON, 927 Market st.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• lcle building; advice free: lowfe-s: all ceses.
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
i\. ceasfal. J. G. JEFFI'.I-.SS. 632 Market, rm.23. 1
HOTELS.
lIROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-213 BUSH ST.,
_> board and room 91 to *•-• per day. (6 to 91' i
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
looms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
services treecoacb, CHARLES iIONTGOMEitY
- ' — - ■' ■ - ' ' .■. ■.:'■ ■• ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEPNTS
_OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND K£AL ESTATE.
CIIKAP OAKLAND PROPERTY — $3500 —
/ Ifrze cottoge: 5->xl'.'o: Adeline st., nr. Tenth.
$22 r,O per tliot — 7 beautiful building lots; b7x
150 each; Prospect St., neur lelexraph aye.; fine
resilience adjoin lug. r
♦175U— M. dern cottage; Adeline St., near Four-
teenth: worth $2501)
*V 2 50 per foot-Fine lots on Piedmont cable
road: half their valu>-.
$2500— Moderu co ta?e with larsre lot to ex-
change for larger place near local read
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
4t>o iilghth sl, Oakland.
TO FXCHANGK — 6-ROOM COTTAGE (L T
52x1b0, $300H) for clear ranch. J. H. EiJaoN
1209 Broadway, Oakland. •'■*„; '
A\ E HAVK FARMS FOX SALE. TAKEN ON
" mort-u^e at half the actual value. ayers
& CO., 465 Ninth si., Oakland.
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo; for *950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7:-, $.) cash, iJS monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Niuth.st., Oakland. H. Z. JONESi, Owner.
$rj- TO $150 for . CHOICE building
«P I O lou In the town of Fitch burs; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hayivards
and San Leaiidro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from ban Francisco
and 6 minute* from Oakland: electric-cars every
few minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK, owner. uISVa Washington su,
ORklHud Crl.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AtA3IKD\ lytZ/LXs'^ KSTATR.
L EAUTFLI, ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS.
1 > examine Damon's r.-.oi<>. cottages; 4,5 and 6
rooms; $1760. 2050, $2250. 441 Central aye.,
near S#cond-ave station. Ollice, 602 Market.
»4>X A FRONT FOOT: A SPECULATION: 600
<ii*J feet of frontage; will make 20 25-foot lots;
adjoining p-op«*rty held at *1 -' a fron' foot: must
be sold; 3 bucks from Bay station, Alameda. W.
B. FITCH. Bay station. Alanleda. or GAM AN <&
LYON, 215 Kearny st., San Francisco.
Q9/1 A FItONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
•a — 1 work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Alamt-da. orGAMAN LY0N,215 Kearuy
st , San Fianclsco.
BARGAIN— 25 ACUESCHOICE FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter vegetables, $25 «ere; 83 acres rich
soi , 4 llowinirspr'cs, $35 a< re, nil fenced, nr. Pleas-
union. a luitifdu Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
j. AKOAINS:-Si3o Pi- R FOOT;LO is. ON NORTH
J> »ide San Autonlo aye., near Grand st.
$1 250— 5O:.15O; fan Jos«» aye., nr. Willow st.
if 1750— 50x150. new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath; uortu side or street; us', be sold at
once.
I Many other sacrifices. •• -
AKMF.DA LAND CO..
1500 Park s:.. Alameda.
I. ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE OK 19 ROOMS. N. W. CORNER CEN-
J-L tral aye. and Benton st : one block from Mor-
ton station: an elegant residence: fine, Ittrgu
crounds; good location lor family boarding. T. F.
B ■■ JRD. 1303 P»rx st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES FURNISHED.
T> LET FURNISHED— HOObX OF FROM 8
to 11 rooms beautifully located: large grounds
with orchard: suitably arranged for private board-
| ing if de» red- rent lv part exchange for table
I board. For further particulars address C. R.,
Alameda, Cal.
HmtKifi.^v UUVKKS.
fUKNISHED 8-KOOM HOrsE COMPLETE,
I bath, eas. laundry; near 3 car lints. MKS. S.
J. INUALLt*, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
rKOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR BXCHANOK — FINE KKBIOKNCE
property on best part of California St.: street
accented: large lot. 84:4 l /"Xl37:tJ: will exchange
for properly eaU Octav'.a st., or Oakland, cloaj to
ala..ou. Address 0., box 12, Call Oili.e.
Cfk HOUSES AND LOTS. FKO.M $200 TO
OVJ ?28.C00: 100 ranches, everywhere.
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
QKND FOKUo'K LIST OK URUHAKI) HUMKi
i ior «a!». i >O<TF.I'. A WHIT «nn Jo*».
FOE SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
1 99(-J" SIXTH AYE.. SOUTH SAN FRANCIB-
-1 — — U Cu — Fresh milch cow for sale.
rmiOROUGIIISRED PUG DOGS FO!t SALE
■L cheap. i 4 Alarye terrace, 1 urk and Larkln.
HAND LAI NDKY MACHINES; NEW AND
-LL second-hand; tools suppled, etc. 768 Bryant
THOROUGH BRED lIEREFOKD COW; VERY
X gentle: 14 quarts a day. 3238 Enclnal aw.,
Higb-st. station, Alameda.
TTIGHKST GKADE »6 BICYCLE: BIG BAR-
XI pain. Room 68, Donohoe building, 1170
Market st.
OR PALE— INTEREST IN HOR - E-i-HOE-
ing shop; cheap: account sickness. N., box
158, Call uilics.
©l i\ DOMKSTIC MACHINK:. ALL AT-
tjl\J. taihmi-nts; good order. 2487 Mission st.,
near Twenty-first.
pETALUMA INCUBATOR; 300 - EUG MA-
-L chine: good as new; cheep. Corner Crescent
aye. and Fo.-om st. J
Olt SALE— BUTTER AND EGG AND PROD-
uce wagon; cheap. 1340 Turk st.
LARGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
Xj bank sate; cheap. 8 Miss on st.
COLLECTION OF 10 RARK VIOLINS FROM
V.' th» estate of an artist for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny at., room 10. : w .
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGRfc.K;
stock: sire, champion, Grand Master; dam
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings.
31214 Fulton st.
\- KW ELMWO >D RANGES ARE THE BEST.
JL\ W. 8. RAY MFG. CO, 12 California su
I>OILB:RS,ENGINES,2D-H AND MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclutosh A Wolpman, 137 Beata.
].AKS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
i' cases, counters, linoleum, office * furniture,
store nnd office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. Ni ON AS, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
BARS, SCALES. MIKROR«s FRENCH
ranges, etc. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
pOI'FEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
bARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, HHBLV-
1 J Ing, etc., nought and sold. 1003 Isslod, nr.7th.
ONK SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKUE-SIZK
tim and burgjar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
BICYCLES.
STKARNS SPECIAL AND A ROAD WHEEL
for sale at a sacrifice. Call at once 516 Gearr.
SKCOND-HAND-2 TANDEMS, $80 AM) $90;
2 roadsters, $25 and f SO; good a< new. Goiden
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary su
Additional Classified Advertise*
meats on Page 11.
aiAKKIAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
issued by the County Clerk's office:
Jonn Cotinell and Jennie Turner, 42—27.
C. M. S. sampsen and Gusta Andersen. 34 —
Timothy Uyao and Catherine Burice. 25—26.
Fred E. Pierce and Sara Kelly, S3— 2l.
I. O. Nielsen and Es.a M. ambit. ton, 24—19.
Frank Crest a and Caterina Pltto. 35—
C. O. Barney and Anna M. Kiunk«r, 42—28.
K. C For*, and Annette Manhall, 27— JO.
Biiiiiiis— — AlUimT
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They mas: be handed lv a.
either of (be publication oQlcei and be indorse 1
with the name and residence of ptttou autaoniei
to have the same published, j \ '
BORN.
CAHEN— In this city. February IS, 1897, to the
wife of Henry Cahen, a daughter.
McMUKRAY— To the wife Of H. McJlnrray, a
ilmiiiim
feTAMM— In Antloch, February 12, 1897, to the
.wife of Christian s.amm. a daughter. '
TAHT-To the wife of .Charles Taht, a son.
TYSON — In Alameda. January 31, 1897, to the
. wife of Robert J. Tvson, a sou.
VATH— In this city, February 12.1897, to the
. wlf» of Churiw J. Vat h » son.
MAKKIEI>. "™
HARRINGTON— FINGER-In this city. Febru-
ary 12. 1837. by Justice of the Peace Frank H.
' Kerrigan. Joseph. E. Harrington aud Blanche A.
Finser. .
JOH.V-HASLF.TT— In Berkeley. February 9,
• 1897, »t the Presbyt-rlan Manse, by the Rev.
H. a. Keu-hQiu. William John of Wisconsin aud
Grace i:. Haslett of Sau Frauclsco.
PIE HUE— KELLY— In thl« city, February 13
1897. Fred E. Pierce and Sara Kelly, both of
tq.iua : •. .
LAIANDAKAU-LUBKE— In this city, February
13. 1897, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. Philipp
1 aiai.dakar aud Ida Lubke, both or San Frao-
Cli I.
_ ______ T~T~"
Bell. Michael McCanley. Ellen
Bloniell, Alice G. McUarry, Andrew ."
Brzezinski. Maria McGlade. James E.
Cassidy, Michael C. Miller, Andrew A.
Collins. John L. Pfuff Margaret L. '
Cutter, Mary J. Reber, E;h"l J. . .
Curley, Jaok ■ scbaefer Christine
Donnelly. Thoma3 Sonmedtke, August
Glide, Ellen T.owbriige. Sarah A. 1
Hall. Catherine R. ' Waldron. Michael
Hoe.-, James We Is. Mr*. .1. A.
Holmes. Jane W. White, Benjamin F.
Kelly, Kate T.
BELL— In this city. February 15, 1897. Michael,
beloved husband of. Mary A. Bell, and father of
Nlchalai P. & Bell, a native of th« parish of
New Bencin^bam. County Tipperary, Ireland,
aged 43 years and 7 months.
• • £S~K<>main3 at parlors of J. C. O'Connor A
Co., 767 Mission street.
BLONDKLL— In this city. February 15, 1897.
Alice G., beloved wife of the late I'hom.it Blon-
dell. and mother of William Blondell, amative of
Ireland, aged 71 years.
• &3~Fnend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 606 Fulton street. thence to sacred
Heart Church, where mats will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock -a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
BRZEZINSKI-Tn this city. February 14. 1897.
•Maria, Deloved wife of Joseph Brzezlnskl. and
mother of Ade!a, Lizzie. Clementina, a sues and
Emu Brz?zinski, a native of Stumsdorf, Ger-
man r. a^ed 17 yearn.
riends and ncaualntances are resnect-
_fuu. Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at a :3O o'clock a. m., from her .ate
residence, 930 Kolsom sire ■;, between fth and
sixth, thence to St. Boniface Church. Golden
Gate avenue, near Jones street, for service*
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy cross Cemetery, oy ; 1 :JU o'clock a. v.
train from Third and l'owns»nJ streets.
CASSIDY-In Sacramento, February 13, 1897,
Michael C, beloved miner of narr.- E. and
Mamie Cassidy. and brother of John and E.I ward
Cassidy and Mrs. William >. arren, h native of
Ireland, a^ed til years. [Portland and Sacra-
memo paper* please copy, j
6V?~ihe funeral will ia.ee place TIII3 DAY
(Tu<-s.iay), at «:S0 a. m.. from the residence
ot his sis «r, Mrs. W. Warren, -814 line street.
thence to .*t- Dominic's Cnurcn. where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated tor the
repose of his soul, commoncm* a . 10 o'clock
A. M. Interment private. Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Kindly omit flowers.
COLLINS— In this city. February 15 1897, John
L.. beioveJ Husband of Mamie Col. ins, e.dest
son of the lan* John and Elizabeth H. Collins.
a. id brother of Theiese and the late James E.
Collins. a native of _au Fraucisco, aged 30 year*
and 7 months.
<S~Frleuds and acquaintances are reipec--
fni.v Invite- to auend :..e funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from his
la.c rejiJrn c, 314 Harriet street. Interment
Holy Crosi Cemetery.
CUTTER— In this city, February 15. 1897. Mary
Ja:ie. wife of James Cutter, and beloved mother
<>( Mrs. Char e< 11. Ooldbeck, Mrs. (.eor,-e F.
McManus. Isabella Cut: or and t tie late .iirs. D.
n, Sullivan, a native of .Sew Orleans, aged 63
years 3 months -nj 5 'lavs.
43TFrleiid3 and acquaintance are respect-
fu.lyiuvited to a:ten i tue funeral TU-MOKiiUW
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her son-in-law, diaries uoldbeck, _
Henrietta squ»r», off -leventh street, Between
Howard and Fjlsom. Interment Laurel Hill
cemetery.
CURLEY— In this city. February 15, 1897, Jack
Curley, belove-i brother of Mrs. A. Rojo, a na-
tive or San 1- ranct-co, ajiei 20 years 1 1 months
an i 4 days.
l£9*Frif.'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Wednesday) a. 9:30. O'clock a m. sharp, from
the rfSl.leiKe of his sister, 2 Hopeton terrace,
oiT Wasninutou street, between Stockton and
Powell, thence to St. Mary's Church, Dupont
and California stream, where a requiem mass
will be said for the repose of Irs som, coaimenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mouuc Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DONNELLY— There will be an anniversary re-
quiem high muss hi SU riot's Churcn. lira nan
street, '10-JIOHEOW (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock
a. M.. for the repose of the soul of the late
Thomas Djnuelly. Friend, ai.d acquaintances
are invited to attend.
GLIDE— In Victoria, B. C. at her residence, 34
Erie street, af er a lingering innes-i. Ellen, the
beloved wife of Henry Glide, a native of St. An-
drews. Fmsbire, Scotland, aged 51 yeb.j and 4
months.
Jt£s~rhe funeral took place on Sunday. Janu-
ary 31, at 2 o'clock p m . from tlie> residence ai
above, and at 2:30 o'clock p. >i. from Keformed
; Episcopal Church. Friend* will please accept
I t lis i:niuintlo:i. " ; —
HALL— In this city, February 15, 1897. Catherine
R. Hall, beloved mother of Mrs. J. J. O'Co.mor
and James F. Hail, a native of Ireland, aged 64
years.
&_ -.Notice of funeral here_ft9r.
HOEY—tn this city. February 15, 1897, James
Ho»y, brother of the )a:e Mr*. Mary Caliill and
William Hoey, a native of s> an Francisco, aged
80 year* 1 month and . 5 days.
&-_'" Friend* and acquaintances are resnnct-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral Tv-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of trie Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, luteruieut Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HOLMES— In Saosaiito. February 14, 1897, Jane
W. Holmes a native of England.
KELLY —In this city. February 15. 1897, Kate
T., beloved mother of John H. aud Iluzh Kelly,
a nun ye of county Rcscommoa, Ireland, aged
56 years.
»3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8 ::-0 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 3-7 Four.h street, thence to Su Pat-
rick's Church, .Mission stree . where a requiem
hlßh mass will be celebrated for the reoose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Friends
are Invited to attend. Please omit flowers.
Interment Holy Cross *. emetery.
McCAULEY— In thn City and County Hospital,
February 15, 1897, Ellen McCauiey, aged 70
years.
McGARRY— In Oakland. February 14. 1897, An-
drew, beloved husband of Annie McGarry. and
father of Mrs. Mary Cranfurd, a native of the
parish of 'lempleboy, County Sligo, Ireland, aged
_3 ears 1 mouth uud 14 days.
£3~ friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 834 Clay street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for t_9
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clocE
a. m. Interment Bt, Mary 's Cemetery, Oakland..
McGLADE— In this city, February 15. 1897,
Jamei X., beloved sou of Edward J. and Agnes
■ L. McGlade, and grandson of Mrs. J. McQuee-
ney, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 8
months and 29 days.
4STTha funeral will mice mace TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. _:.. tram the resi-
dence of the parents, 271 Shipley street. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, February 15, 1897, An-
drew A. Miller, beloved broiuerof Mrs. F. W.
Gartner and W. B. Miller of Oakland, a native
of California, aged 3d years 4 months and 17
days.
PFAKF— In this city, February 15, 1597, Margaret
L Mime, beloved daughter of Frank and Maggie
J fin*, a native of Sau Francisco, age J 2 years
and 9 months. ...-..-
REBER-In this city, February 15, 1897, Ethel
Johanna, dearly beloved and twin daughter or
Johann and Josephine Reber. and stepsister of
Anna Welte, a native of ana Francisco, aged 4
month*.
SCHAEFER— In this city. February 14, 1897.
Christine Schaefer, beloved mother of William
Bchaeter, Mrs. H. Bleydorn. Mrs. H. Ohe and
Mrs. J. Lohsen. and sinter of Mrs. J. Bleydorn,
Mrs. H. Ko-rber, Mrs. H. Preggen and W.
Thogode. a native of Beveritedt, Hanover, Ger-
man v. aged 64 year* 7 months and 14 days. .
49" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), a: 2 o'clock P. M., from the resi-
dence- of her son-in-law, John Lohsen, 621
chestnut street, between Mason and Taylor,
luterment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
BCnMEDTKE— In this city, February 15,1897,
August, dearly beloved husband of Marie
schniedtke, a native of Germany, aged 40 years
6 mouths and 25 days.
TROWBRIDGE— In this city, Febrnary 13, 1897.
.-nr»li A. Trowbridg?, a native of Aloany, N. V..
aged 79 years 7 months aud 19 days. . [Albany
(N. V) papers please copy,
43" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), as
2 o'clock p. it., at her late residence, 711 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Albany, N. Y. ,
WALDRON— In the cv- and County Hospital.
February 15, 1897, Michael Waldron, aged 35
years.
WELLS— In this city. February 14, 1897. Mrs. J.
A. Wells beloved mother of James B. and Ade-
line M. Wells.
Funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday),
at 10 o'clock a. M ., at 11. C Porter & Co. 'a un-
dertaking parlors. 12- Eddy stree.. _.-"--
WHITE— In this city. February 14, 1897. Benja-
min Franklin White, a native of New Berne, N.
Caged _ _ years. [Memphis (Tenn.)aud San
Jose (C.i ) papers please copy. ]
" WIcAVOY A CALLACHER, T
FONKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKBS,
10 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
, >-- Telephone 3080.
T*3T_lcir_N^i_KYT^™™™™™7jiiAS. McMkno— Jty.
JAMES McMENOMEV & SOX,
CSD_KTAK_IW AND h.MIi.VL.UKRs,
1057 Mission Street, Near aweutu.
Telephone boutb a_4. .
3A3. ENGLISH. ' T. R. CAKK \V
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEi^
FUNERAL UlUiJtlOKs,
IP Van Ness aye.. near _i_r_-tau, o-u _'raaci_o_
Telephone so. 158.
F. L. GUNTZ' H. W. GANTNEB,
QANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and 1O CITY HALL S(JUAKE.
Telephone South 432. \  tgg j^ r : t ».;
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY^
CAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEMb>
JO tery to the city; non-sectarian; in noseiuaex.
elusive; location unexcelled. ■ omc« k*7 Mxzlja
»uretu «oiulie»»i come* *• «uu» .*•
1314
THE MAYOR AND SUPERVISORS STUDYING THE WATER QUESTION
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring Valley Company Kept on the Witness-
Stand Answering Miscellaneous Questions During a Long
Evening's Inquiry.
A STATEMENT OF THE PROPERTY OWNED BY THE
CORPORATION REVIEWED ITEM BY
ITEM AS TO ITS USES.
Both the President and Secretary of the Corporation Will Be
Summoned to Appear Before the Committee
at Future Hearings.
The Board of Supervisors sitting as a
committee of the whole, Supervisor
Clinton presiding and Mayor Phelan oc
cupying Dr. Clinton's place on the floor,
resumed last evening its inquiry into the
matter of water rates and water supply
and their relation to the income of the
Spring Valley Water Company.
The session consumed the entire even
ing and was followed by an audience that
lined the margins of the big room with
evident interest, desnite the character of
dry statistics of which the testimony was
made up.
Engineer Schussler was the one witness
of the evening. He had brought with
him a statement of the property owned by
the company and was besides surrounded
by maps and plans and diagram?, to which
he constantly referred in his effort to sup
ply the equally constant demand for in
formation.
The questioning was conducted in ran
dom fashion, each Supervisor takme his
turn as ideas occurred to him or as op
portunity offered.
Mayor Fhelau was the sharpest inquisi
tor, with Dr. Rotlanzi and Dr. Dodge fol
lowing close in order.
Mayor Phelan interrupted the reading -
of the report of the company's property,
which was begun at the opening of the ;
session, and suggested that it be called up
latex*. Later he called it up himself, but
at the same time objected to its incom
pleteness. While it gave presumably a
full list of the property it did not, he said,
state the uses to which each piece was
put, as especially called for by the reso
lution of the committee. This was de
sired by way of determining whether the
property was needful in the business of
the company in supplying the City with
water. He said he did not know what
the policy of the company was in this
matter— if it was or, of exasperation,
trying to tire the committee out, it was
well directed.
. Mr. Schussler said: "I think I have ex
ercised great patience this evening under
a long series of questions. I have been
summoned here to answer questions, and
I stand ready to answer all that may be
put to me."
• "You have been patient, that's true,"
said the Mayor. "There seems to be a great
many questions which you cannot answer,
and I submit that the president and secre
tary of the company should be sub
penaed."
Dr. Clinton directed the clerk to see that
they were subpenaed for the next meet
ing.
The list of property was then read and
the witness required to describe the util
ity of every piece.
A great deal of ground was gone over
and .-in infinite amount of repetition dur
ing the session, the witness being reqnired
to describe the water rate-* prevailing in
different years, equipment and the sev
eral sources of supply and its growth, and
to make comparisons in the methods in
vogue in this City with those of others in
the United State.-.
The clerK having called the roll Super
visor Clinton moved that the board go
into committee of the whole for the con
sideration of water rates. The motion
carried and the mover was elected to take
Ihf chair.
'1 • then announced that the first busi
ness >f t 1" 1 committee would be to hear
Engineer Schussler's report regarding the
. . .a: i lor uiloimation as to the operating
expenses and the amount of property !
really engaged in supplying the City with t
water, together with a roster of employes,
their salaries and where employed. .
The clerk began to read a report on the
real estate owned by the company when
the Mayor interposed and suggested that
this ceremony be postponed until later in
tiie evening and that the witness be per
mitted to continue his testimony. This
being agreed to Supervisor Rottanzi asked
the entire cost of pipe lines, pumps, tun
nel?, etc., used in supplying the City with
water from the Alameda and Calaveras
watersheds. He demanded not a detailed
statement, but the total cost of these con
structions.
The witness replied that the amount
charged to pipe lines was $1,589,869 30.
Dr. Rottanzi— lf the Crystal Springs
dam were raised to the height you stated.
would the Alameda supply be necessary?
He further demanded the supply in 1877.
The witness, replying to the last query,
stated that at the beginning of April, 1877,
the company had on hand in all its res
ervoirs 3,706,000,000 gallons. The daily
supply at ihat date was 11,940,000.
'Did Charles Webb Howard swear that
this could be relied upon?" asked Super
visor Rottanzi.
"Thai's a queer question," replied Mr.
Schuster. "Has he made a different state
ment of the amount?"
."I believe you stated," continued Rot
tanzi, "that you could supply from the
existing works, 20.000,000 gallons daily."
WSW TQ.DA-K
SKINS
Skins. on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
■with Ccticuka Soap, a single application of
Cuticura (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Cuticura Kesolvest.
(pticura
xi told throughout the world. Poms Li* v. Comp.. Sole
Props., Boiton. " How to Cure Torturing Humors," free.
DMQV'Ct Olflfcl Scalp and n&irirarifleoMJd Beat-
BAD I 0 OMll tilled by Cut«cu«a Bo^r.
"I said," repeated the witness, "that we
did supply in 1577 11.940.000 gallons daily."
The company's reservoirs he continued,
'•were very low at that time, and if the
company had not used judgment in hus
banding the water supply, the City would
have been without water. The conse
quence was that in 1877 a great many
meters were put in for the purpose of re
ducing the quantity used daily, and
whereas 12,000,000 gallons were used
daily in I*7*3. they reduced the consump
tion in 1*77 to 11,940,000, and in I^7B to 11,
--370,000 gallon:-. Tne company could not
afford to allow the reservoirs to become
empty."
"At that time," asked Rottanzi, "Crys
tal Springs had a capacity of how many
gallons?"
Tne witness said that the larger reser
voir was not then buiit. He thought the
dam was up to about iour thousand mil
lions capacity, but it did not fill, because
in the year 1876-77 a large portion of the
rainfall was absorbed into the cround."
"Since that time, then, you increased
the capacity of Crystal Springs eighteen
thousand millions?"
"I think nearly nineteen thousand mil
lions. We have calculated to have three
years' water on hand in the reservoirs, for
we cannot afford to run the risk of having
them empty."
"I wish to know," seid Rottanzi, "what
would be the average daily supply from
reservoirs containing about 15,000,000,000
gallons?"
The witness explained that something
must be deducted from that amount, be
cause the company would not desire to
draw out the water right down to the bot- |
torn. The water on the surface was not so I
good in quality as that which lay at a !
ereaier depth. He also estimated a con
siderable loss of water by evaporation.
In the year 1881-82 the reservoirs re- j
ceived only nine-tenths of 1 per cent of i
the water falling in the entire watershed,
which in that year was 25 2-100 and in
the former year 23 6-100 inches. The
loss, he calculated, amounted to 3,000,000,
--000 gallons for 1000 days at Crystal
Springs.
'•Taking it for granted," resumed Dr.
Rottanzi, "that we should have seasons of
drought, the supply, you acknowledge,
would come from the addition to the j
Crystal Springs dam, and the supply ob- I
tamable Jrom the aggregate sources of
supply of the Spring Valley Water Works
in 1877 would be more than is necessary
for the City at present."
"It would not," said Mr. Schussler. The
City, he added, used a little over twenty
one millon gallons daily. Th« company
could approximately depend upon t*n
mif lion gallon? from the Crystal Springs
reservoir, and as previously stated the
peninsula supply was about eighteen mil
lion gallons daily. In 1877 the company
managed to draw about 11,940,000 gallons
between the water pumped from the old i
Merced works and from other sources. '
As also previously stated, the company I
was trying to purify the Lake Merced
water by means of the canal and tunnel.
That supply, he expected, would be avail
able in 1898 to the extent of 3,000.000 gal
lons a day.
Dr. Dodge asked if, seeing that this
water "bloomed" in the fall, as the result I
of one summer's warmth, was tnat a
good system of supply which compelled
the company to use water from this dam j
for two or three summers? What would j
be the condition of the water when it had
"bloomed"' two or three times? This, too,
when it might "bloom" tbe first fall with,
out any water running into the reservoirs.
Tbe witness said that water went
throueh tne vegetable process all over the
world. He had seen not only rivers but
lakes "bloom," and was amazed at the
superior quality of our own water. The
company screened the water through very
fine cotton cloth, so as to take away prac
tically all the deleterious matter, and this
would be done in case of two or three dry
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1897.
f winters. The company had men at work
i night and day engaged in this screening
! process.
They had succeeded in eradicating rrost
of the odor by means of aerating works,
through which the wa'.er passed. The
water never "bloomed" in the winter, the
spring or ihe early summer, but only in
the fall. The vrater in spite of such con
ditions was good water and almost the
best in the United States. They could
hardly expect to obtain distilled water.
When he said that the reservoirs gained
nothing in the year 1877 he meant to say
that such water as did enter the reservoirs
j was lost by evaporation, which amounted
; to about 6,000,000 gallons a Hay. He con
l tended that the watercleared itself within
| a week or ten days every fall before the
: rain fell. He attributed this to the sir.k
--: ing of the plant growth on Ihe surface
and to the great depth of the water. The
; vegetable life was suddenly cut short. Its
: spec fie gravity was sometimes lighter and
sometimes heavier than that of the water.
| When the latter was the case this plant
i lifp sank fifty or sixty feet.
"If this is so," said the chairman, "why
is it necessary to mix the water from
Crystal Springs with water from Ala
medu?"
The witness said that if, instead of run
ning 12,000,000 gallons daily from
Crystal Springs, they should take
8.000,000 of clear water from Ala
meda Creek and add to that only
4,000,000 gallons daily of Crystal Springs
water and transmit both into the city to
gether they lessened the cost and troub.e
of screening. The company also had a
great many customers en route in San
Mateo County, who were the first to com
plain when the water from Crystal Springs
betrayed a slight vegetable taste.
In reply to Dr. Rottanzi, the witness
| stated that a pipe was laid in 1873-7!) from
Pilarcitos, which would carry, if ihe water
could be obtained, from 11,000 000 to 12.
--000,000 gallons. That line had been partly
replaced by a 22-inch pipe, which conld
carry <;. 000.000 gallons a day. When Pilarci
tos was full they allowed thesuriace water
to overflow through two tunnels, and en
deavored to catch the overflow in Kan An
dreas River.
Dr. Rottanzi quoted from a former re
port presented by Charles Webb Howard,
in which the available water supply ap
peared to be greater than stated by the
witness. The lat er presumed that the
company sought to make a good showing,
or detired to borrow money— he did not
pretend to say.
Dr. Rottanzi — So the company deceived
us?
The witness answered that the matter
had nothing to do with him.
Supervisor Sheehan asked the witness to
explain the reason for the great difference
in water rates here and in Eastern cities.
Mr. Schussler replied that most Eastern
cities owned their own water works.
Moreover, they had either rivers or lakes
in close proximity, and rain fell there all'
through the summer and snow fell in the
winter. There was no such thing as a dry
season. Consequently the item of having
to look ahead and store two or three
years' water supply in reservoirs was en
tirely obviated. All these cities pumped
their water from a river or a lake near by,
snd these pumping appliances could be
constructed within the town limits. If
i they found that the annual charges for
i water were going to be too high to the
consumer?, should they collect all the
revenue necessary for running expenses,
they then went to work and allowed the
taxable property of the city to bear a pro
portion of the expense.
New York had more difficulty in this
respect than any other city in the East,
owing to its rapid growth, which had com
peilea it to build two aqueducts to convey
water to the city, and in consequence of
the insufficient supply in the river it had
also to build reservoirs and was contem
plating the construction of an enormous
i store dam. New York collected so many
millions annually for water works, the
I cost of which was $7.-<,000.000. The inter
est thereon bad to be paid by some one.
Bonds had been issued at 3 per cent guar
anteed from the city and county tax,
which was fully 2 per cent, and other
bonds again were issued at 6 per cent,
these having to pay city and county tax.
The lollowing figures hod been
supplied him by the engineer of
the works: Total cost of works,
) J78.O00.OO0; present running expenses,
j $884,000 annualy; receipts, $3,800,000;
interest on bonds, $1,840,000. He was
not aware of the interest on the total cost
of the work?. If the city bad issued bonds
guaranteed from the city and county tax,
thereby losing 2 per cent, he did not know
whether or not it would be fair to charge
this to the cost of the water, because what
they did not get out of those bonds had to
be made up out of taxable property.
Cincinnati paid $9,000,000 for new works,
but that amount, together with the inter
est, did not appear in the water account,
whereas here everything had to be done
by this company. Lately, he admitted,
the city had begun to pay something
more for hydrants, which constituted an
approach to the state of affairs in the
East, and this would be the only solution
of the problem — how were the ratepayers
to be released from a part of their present
burdens?
Supervisor Haskins wantel to know
whether any reduction had been made to
the consumer since the city paid more for
the hydrants.
The witness answered affirmatively and
tendered the following explanation: The
city paid now about $180,000 lor hydrants,
there bein^ 3000 hydrants at a cost of $60
each per annum. The water collections
from the consumers would have very
largely increase! had it not been that the
City had assumed part of the annual cost
by giving an additional amount for hy
drants. In the beginning of the year 1894,
the company had 37,565 customers; in
1895. 38,379; in 1896. 39,355; in 1897, 40,189.
Rightly called these were private consum
ers. This increase warranted a large in
crease in the business of the com pany, but
the water rates during the year 1893, the
amount drawn from private consumers
was $1,560,358 43; in 1894, $1,555,322 05; in
1895, $1,550,688 67; in 1896, $1,553,152.59.
To the casual observer it would seem as
if there was no reduction in the rates, but
tne increase in the company's business
had been trimmed off so that, although
the people had used a great deal more
water during the last few years, and al
though thecompany obtained agreat many
additional customers.still the revenue from
private consumers bad not increased at
all. If San Francisco owned and operated
the water-works it would, under no cir
cumstances, make the private consumer
bear nearly all the burden. If. instead of
paying $1,500,000 a year, the ratepayers
paid only $500,000 and the City contributed
$1,000,000 out of tax funds then the rate
payers could at once get their rates re
duced one-third of what they now were.
There tiad certainly been a reduction in
the rates to private consumers since the
City began to pay more for the hydrants.
While Supervisor Dodge was question
ing Mr. Schussler regarding tne amount
paid by the City for water for hydrants
Mayor Phelan intornosed and asked the
Spring Valley engineer to «ive the total
receipts of the company for water during
1895 to see whether the figures could be
got at in this manner. Mr. Schussler
stated that the total receipts for private
consumers and the City during 1895 were
$1,387,924 40, or this $ 1,550. 683 67 came
from pr.vate consumers.
Asked by Supervisor Sheehan about
water rates on the City front for shipping
Mr. Schussler stated that since the ship
ping began taking water from the com
pany instead of from Goodall, Perkins &
Co. as formerly rates hail been leduced.
Customers were asked what they would
be willing to pay and the rate was gen
erally fixed to the satisTaction of custo
mers. He did not think it would be just
to reduce these rates because of the diffi
culty and expense of delivering the water.
Getting back to the hydrant question
the encineer stated that during 1S!O there
were 520 new hydrants put in place and
470 during 181KJ. Mayor Phelan asked a
number of questions which, he said, were
aimed to Bhow that during the past
year the Income of the company from this
City had been largely increased.
Mr. Scoussler admitted that the income
had been increased, but aaid that, the com
pany had also spent a very large amount
of money for the benefit of the City.
Thousands of feet of mains for the use of
the Fire Department had been laid at a
great expense.
Tl.c detailed statement of the company's
real e.-tate asked for at the last meeiinc
was then called up and Clerk Russell read
it by items, the Mayor asking the water
company engineer regarding the various
items and whether or not they ligured in
the fixing of rates.
This Mr. Schuster was not able to ex
plain as thoroughly as the committee de
oired and it was decided to ask the presi
dent and secretary of the company to be
present at the next meeting with the
necessary book? to give the information.
The engineer stated in reference to a piece
of property on Market street, between
Buchanan and Church, that tie lot
nad been ruined as a reservoir site by
the action of a former Board of Supervis
ors in cutting streets through it.
It was not used for any purpose by the
company.
While this lot was under discussion it
drveloped that all of the real property of
the company is under a blanKet mort
gage to secure the bondholders, and that
unless the consent of each and every
bondholder is secured none of its realty
used or ever designed to be u«<ed as water
property can be sola or transferred.
While questioning the engineer about
the City's property about Lake Merced
Mayor Phelan intimated that it might be
used as a municipal farm, where the un
employed could earn their board and
lodging.
The roster of employes asked for was
produced and Supervisor Rottanzi de
clared that it was not what he had called
for. It was not detailed enough, he said,
and be wanted all information regarding
the number of employes, their names
and the salary paid each. Ue stated also
that he would ask that th«« company be
requested to produce a statement of its
stocks and bonds, the price received for
them and the date of issue. A motion to
demand these and the detailed roster was
carried. Attorney Kellogg for the com
pany objected strenuously to these figures
being given, particularly the roster, as he
claimed that it was not well for each of
the employes to know what the other re
ceived.
Supervisor Rottanzi withdrew his mo
tion as to the roster until the next meet
ing. Mayor Phelan declared that it was
only justice to the City to allow its officers
to see all of the figures, as the company
was a pub ie institution, and that the
Supervisors ought to be allowed to verify
the figures given by the company. He
added that he noped Supervisor Rottanzi
did not intend to wholly withdraw his
motion.
Rottanzi hastened to state that he did
not intend to let the matter drop, but
would take it up again at the next meet
in p.
The meeting then adjourned nntil to
morrow evening.
TO RE-FORM THE PARTY
A New Plan for Republican
Organization by the Bear
Club.
it Wishes to - H~ve a Strong Body
to Oppose Democratic
Strength.
The Bear Club after seriously consider
ing the political situation has submitted
the following as a basis for a re-formation
of the Republican pariy. with some perti
nent reason-* for such action. The plan
and preamble are as follows:
As the Democracy of the City and County of
San Francisco has now a thorough organiza
tion with which to do politics, and have the
entire management and handling of the party
patronage within its control, it behooves the
Republican party to meet it on equal terms, or
with a superior organization. Tuis can only
be accomplished by receiving and discussing
suggestions from those who have seen party
service, ana can give us the benefit of years of
experience.
All personal ambitions and animosities
should be deeply buried and the formation
and organization should be taken up p.t once
so as to have the necessary time to ~lve the
party the most perfect plan and have the
same in operation for the next campaign.
With these remarks the following is respect
fully submitted:
Tin: REPUBLICAN' ASSOCIATION.
A committee consisting of five members
from each Assembly district shall be called
together to form a temporary Republican
Association, said committee of live to be
known as Assembly District .
The temporary Republican elation shall
consist of ninety-three (93) members, live
from each Assembly district and three at
large.
Tnis temporary association will proceed at
once to form a permanent organization, who j
shall hold office for the term 01 two years from I
the dale of tneir election.
The objects of this association slial be to
promote narmony and to act in behalf of the ■
best interest and welfare of the Republican ]
party in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California.
The dues shall be $1 per month, payable in
advance. Any member delinquent in the sum
of $2 shall be suspended and another member
elected in his place.
The Republican Association upon perma
nent organization shall elect a president, two
vice-presidents, treasurer, financial and re
cording secretaries and a serjeant-at-arms.
This association shall nave the general
supervision of the district clubs' interests
throughout the city and County and use its
best efforts to bring together, solidify and
strengthen the Republican party.
This association will give its best attention
ana give greater service to the weak Assembly
districts and assist the County Committee and
district clubs to look after and prevent fraud-
I ulent registration, and to secure and aid all
proper naturalization and registration of Re
publican applicants.
The association, with the assistance of the
district clubs, will organ a system of watch
ers, whose duty it shall be to see that trie bal
lots are honestly counted and correct returns
made to the Registrar.
• It shall be the duty of this association to
call all candidates for office together and in
sist that they give their best efforts in behalf
of the success of the entire Republican ticket.
The Republican officers of the precinct regis
tration and election boards shall be repre
sentative and honest Republicans, who will
perform their duties in a competent manner.
This association will secure rooms as a per
manent headquarters and make suitable rules
to govern the same, so as to have the head
quarters at the service of the members at all
times.
This association shell assist all district mem
bers who desire employment, also to protest
against all proceedings and acts that are det
rimental to the good of the party.
The association shall insist that all Republi
can boards, commissions and officers shall ap
point honest and capable Republicans to fill
all position* at their disposal.
he Assembly district clubs should seek to
advance the Interest of their respective dis
tricts, and show the citizens and taxpayers
that they will support' none but wise and hon
est methods and good men for public office.
The club has also, by resolution,
voiced its condemnation oi the Fire De
partment bill, now before the Legislature.
NICARAGUA CONSULSHIP.
Captain Merry Denies That He Intends
to Appeal Ajjniint Calderon's
Appointment. ■
A dispatch received from Washington
yesterday announced that Captain W. L.
Merry, Consul-General of Nicaragua at
this port, would appeal to President Ze
laya against the appointment of £. Cal
deron as his successor. This charge was
attributed to a dispute between Mr. Merry
and Minister Rodriguez concerning tue
right of a Consul to register ships and to
allow vessels which do not touch at
Nicuraguan ports to fly the flag of that
country.
Mr. Merry, however, has denied that he
proposes to contest Mr. Calderon's ap
pointment, and lies stated that since the
Diet which formed the republic passed a
regulation vesting the appointment of
foreign representatives in natives of Cen
tral America he was no longer eligible as
against Mr. Calderon. The practice of
registering vessels under the Nicaraguan
Hag was, he contended, universal and, so
far as he wa* aware, perfectly legal.
TALK OF SECESSION.
Local Wheelmen Very Much Aroused
Over the Denial of Local Option.
The San Francisco wheelmen are any
thing but happy over the result of the
action of the National Assembly L. A. W.
in its annual session at Albany, N. "¥.,
in prohibiting Sunday racing.
The vole by whicii this prohibition was
carried in the Assembly shows that the
seventy-reven delegates who voted in.
favor of Sunday racing are the representa
tives of the Western States, while the 161
delegates represented almost entirely the
Eastern and Middle States.
This fact has not escaped the local
wheelmen, and already there is talK of
secession from the league, and, with the
co-operation of the divisions represented
by the seventy-seven votes favorable to
Sunday racing, of forming a Western
league too strong and influential to be
ignored.
The cycling leader? from here are all at
the assembly in the East, and no one is
willing to talk for publication until they
return, but the plan is forming, and there
are threats of carrying it into effect, un
less at next year's session the local option
clause is allowed In L. A. W. rule*.
Jewelry store. 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
SOS Kearny street ,
■ * ♦ >
Lecture on the Orient To-night.
Rev. Haskett Smitn, the famous Oriental
l r !m e fn r r f Th' 1 eclu e to n1 K ht at Golden Gate
Church beneflt ° St. Peter's Episcopal
• — ♦ — *
If your printer can't get the "Genuine Bank
Stock" paper, send to Mysell-Rollins, 23 Clay
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
;SZ F St. Gall. Switzerland, never produced 35
j such exquisite Embroidery as it has this season. 30,000 machines =3
i g^: are humming day and nieht over the identical patterns we now offer =^»
I S£n you. If low price and elegance count— us your ears— Hales Cali-
SI- fornia stores are vast consumers. Importers direct from St. Gall, 13
; J^ Switzerland. You pay no middleman's profit here. :^
I EXTRA=EXTRA=EXTRA |
£ Extra Specials to-day only. Come Early. 3
g^ (TIIESK GOODS POSITIVKLY OFF SALE AT 6 O'CLOCK TO-NIGHT.) =5
Si BLKACIIED LONSDALE MUS- QC CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, roc
g" LIN, yjird wide. To-day O grand for linings. A Rood grade JO Z^
S 1 (Not over J5 yards to a customer.) Yard on sale to-day only at Yard — •
•- ' (19 inches wide.) -^>
SILK TISSUE TOILET PAPER. CO FINE SILK PLUSH CAPES, plain. ZS
«^— perior medica cd. Our regular 7c O black plush with rich coney edge ~~?tl
g^~ lineto-<lnv at I'kg around collar ana down fronts. — «
— (Not over 5 packages to a customer.) U6 inches lone. Our well-known QJ»f».4S *~Tf
f7 50 Cape, as an advertisement <H)U _^
J^- *»" To prevent dealers buvinc up these lor to-day only Each r^
lots we place a limit on each item advertised, lmls(m SILK ELASTIC, fancy
a- frilled, pink, light blue, scarlet, rrc ""T?
g— LAL)IKS H ECRU COTTON VKBTB, heliotrope and black. Oar 10c I „»»
| y"^ 11 . N.L.S., rueaiuiu weizht. Jersey IQC line to-day ouly at Yard *~^
1 ribbed and fleeced. Our 25c line i O " ~~Ji
g"~ to-day at hach &S~ We «ruar»ntee every Item exactly as —^
)^_ (Not over 4 to each customer.) we have advertised it. ~"^
1 NEW NEW NEW l v
g SPECIAL EMBROIDERY SELLING ! % '
SZ Our ereat store a fairy white city of Embroidery elegance- ~~S
•- Little prices rule.
ft— The following lines comprise Haraburs?s, Cambrics and Swisses. They are all priced -*^>
j^_ below anj thing ever offered in this city before, quality considered:
SH ■ 11/2 Inches wide. He yard B — ••
m^- H lVato 3 inches wide 4o rani • ■ —^
"^~ -. II li/j to 31'jj inches wide 5c yard I
fc- &mL^MBeS I ' t0 ai '2 inches wide 6> 4c yard ■ a^wflß —^
t*>- - niTr g 2Va to 6 inches wide i»c yard 5 "' ' ' "*"": i*^* —^
•a— H lli 3 to 6 indies wide. 10;- yara ■ ~^y
y— -^__-_ S 3 to 10 inches wide.. ... 12y 3 c yard I —^
SH ißE^^Bw^ I 4 to 10 Inches wide lite yard I %&BF&jßjij ~*^
« ' |j t> to iO inches wide. l!5o yard 1 ~ —^
y*~ r —to
i 937=945 Market Street, 1
E: FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. 3
STEWART MENZIES
MAY SUCCEED COLE
Budd Is Almost Certain to
Appoint Him Harbor
Commissioner.
Several Names Have Been Men
tioned, but Everything
Seems Settled.
"Who will be the next Harbor Commis
sioner to succeed 'Uncle Dan' Cole?" is
the one subject of speculation ou the water
front just now. Several names have been
mentioned, but all have been rejected, and
Governor Budd has still to name his man.
The assertion has been openly made that
a S«n Francisco man would secure the ap
pointment, and that he would be thor
oughly conversant with the shipping in
terests of the port. Two or three names
were given out, but none of them seemed
to fill the requirements of the Governor.
All the applicants were shelved, so yester
day a new man appeared on the scene. He
has made no light in ;he matter and ex
erted no pull, but nevertheless he is al
most sure of the appointment.
According to the latest returns from
Sacramento, Stewart Mensiea will be the
man who will succeed Commissioner Cole.
Captain Menzies has been connected
with the water front for years. He has
been at the head of the most successful
stevedoring business in California for
years, and is a personal friend of almost
every ship-owner and shipmaster that
comes to JSan Francisco. Captain Menzies
is an ardent non-partisan, but durine the
last campaign threw all his influence in
the direction of Governor Budd.
As for Commissioner Cole, a more con
scientious Commissioner never served the
State. In season and out of season he
was at his post, and the water front of
San Francisco has been n bi^ gainer dur
ing his term of office. "Uncle Dan" will
be missed when lii 3 term expires, and
His successor will be liictcy if he makes as
good a record as did Mr. Cole during his
term of office.
WEW TO- DAT?
LEVIN BROS/
GROCERY STORES.
eEDDCTIONS FOR THIS WEEK.
Extra Table Fruits— Peaches,
Apricots, Pears, Cherries, *1 Aft Tiny
Plums— ln heavy syrup «pJ..^V UyJ/j
Royal Dutch fating Chocolate, - . • O^/,
pound .••-. -ZOC
Palace Asparagus, 3-pound Orr_
tins -OC
Imported French Sardines, La 00/»
Superb.-s, large tins ..'.
Imported French OlveOil. large o-
bottle, regular 6Jt O«J0
\Vhi3ky, Rye or Bourbin (5 *9 Cfv ri „ i
•years), regular*:! 50 <P_..OU Vjai.
Old Stag Whisky, quar.'s •— j>-| r\r\
Imported German , Beers from »nnn ri^,,
Weiaburg, Bayeni, quarts T-vU ■ L 'OZ.
Telephone South 393.
Mail Orders receive prompt attention.
1324-1326 Market Street
and 134 Sixth Street.
H. WOLF BRO. -- - Proprietors
Rheumatism
t Ruins
many an otherwise
healthy, robust person.
It attacks the human
system like an insidious
foe, striking like a jav-
elin of steel into the
joints and muscles, mak-
ing any muscular effort
painful. In its milder
forms it comes and goes,
sometimes with the
W'm. Fitzgerald, weather or the seasons,
sometimes with the bod-
ily conditions, but if unchecked it becomes
chronic and makes a confirmed cripple of
its victim.
Rheumatism Cured.
Sax Fran-cisco, Cal., Feb. 18, 1897.
State Electro Medical Institute— Bear Doctors:
When I commenced your Klectr -Medical treat-
ment I was un invalid from rheumatism. Ab>ut
eight years ago 1 was attacked with Inflammatory
rheumatism, which after » time changed to sciat-
ica. A number of the he*, physicians of saa
Francisco treated me and pronounced my case in-
curable. Nothing gave -me permanent relief until
I tried your Electro- medical treatment. I had
tried electricity aioue, and as for taking medicines
alone, I had exhausted the catalogue or medicines.
Your giving of medicines in conjunction with elec-
tricity—the combined treatment is what cured me.
5u one who lias known me doubt * it. Every ele-
ment of my being gives demonstration of the gen-
uineness of the cure. Yours respectfully,
WILLIAM FITZGKKALD.
961 Mission su, Ban Francisco, Cal.
While the cures of the Institute have
been unparallo.ed in cases of this charac-
ter, a perfect and prompt cure is guaran-
teed of:
Diseases of Cancer,
Kidneys, Tumor,
II ; art, Dyspepsia,
Women, . ' Catarrh,
Brain, Consumption,
Nerves, Rupture,
Eye, Blood Taints,
Throat, Asthma,
Bowels, Impotency.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET,
San Francisco, Cat.
V. A. Bertellns:. Pres. H. Xordman. Vlce-Prei
A. W. Kirk, sec. Jos. Kordman, Trea«
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
t-' J j£g&rft£¥^J}t r , , m Big «J in a aon-poisonous
<<2«BSs6S»****S4Ssi remedy for Gonorrhoea,
CCKEb^Sjgjj Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JRVid ito j.i»Ti.^H Whit. unnatural dia-
Jfjffylr QuorintM.l IS charpes, or ,my inßatnma-
■ ••J »*> to stricture. tion, irritation or ulceriv
Prevent* eoat»£ion. tion of mucous mem-
fISITHEEvANSCHEMiniino. bran '' - Non-astringou-.
VfILcmCiNNATI.O SoI<J by " >rn « ril! " r »
r s x or sent in PPal"' al " wr^ppf"-.
w^?*«!W; ' tii'if^li b - y express, prepaid, fjc
B I 1 or 3 ' ; "ttlea, ' .naa^.
' *^**32i£*^*. »J Circular sent or. -■ .naaA.
QlWT.l.laMM'lji
111 I UC Vftll "*° re Tnroat, fimples, Copper-
pMnA"t IUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores,
BSlllcers in Wouth, Hair-l''ollinK! Yinto (OOKtS
InEMI'DV CO., UO7 Maiocic Temple^
fftChlcairo, 111., for proofs of cares. Cupl- $
SfijUt.], 8>300,000. Worst cases cured In X 5 *
BotoSS day. 100-pmce boob free. {|