VOLUME LXXXI.-N6.
DUE THE HONORS
TO GRANT`S
MEMORY
Transfer to New York
City of the Stately-
Tomb Built by
Citizens.
ONE MILLION SPECTATORS
TURN OUT.
Soldiers, Sailors and States
men of the Nation
Participate in the
Ceremonies.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY PAYS A
RINGING TRIBUTE.
Instead of Mourning There Is Rejoicing of
Nation in the Memory and
Example of One of the Greatest
Soldiers in History.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.— T0 do honor to the man who led
the Nation's armies thirty years ago, when defeat meant the dismem
berment of the Nation, the Nation's soldiers and sailors of to-day, and
those ready to be her soldiers and sailors to-morrow should the neces
sity ;ome, united to-day in one of the most imposing pageants ever
seen in this city.
The President and Vice-President of the United States, the Gov
ernors of many States and other men high in office witnessed the
formal transfer to the city of the stately tomb its citizens have built
for General Grant. Representatives of the most powerful foreign
nations came from Washington in official pomp to honor, in behalf of
their countries, our great captain in his grave.
In the river, which the tomb looks down upon, the powerful fight
ing ships of our navy, the warships of other navies and many other
craft, brilliant with flags and banners, floated, while for many hours
the steady tramp of the foot soldiers passing the reviewing stand was
interrupted only by the beat of horses' hoofs and the rumbling of
artillery. The widow of the dead commander, with her children and
grandchildren, viewed the pageant from the tomb where his re
mains lie.
It was in no sense a ceremony of mourning, though in a certain
sense it was a second funeral ceremony. It was rather the rejoicing of
the Nation in the memory and example of one of the greatest soldiers
in history. In that spirit the city was brave with flags and bunting.
Crowds beyond the powers of the city's means of transportation filled
the streets and vied in friendly rivalry for the best places to see the
spectacle. Only a small fraction of the hundreds of thousands were
able to hear the exercises at the tomb in the morning, but they were
indeed unfortunate who could no! find some place from which to view
one of the most brilliant parades ever seen here.
Uncounted multitudes assembled about the tomb and along Riverside
Drive, where they Witnessed the display both by land and water. A
nobler theater could not well be found for a spectacle so fine. It is not be
yond the mark to say a million people saw the spectacle. Half the city
seemed to be there, and the city was multitudinous besides with her
neighbors and strangers, so the throng was a spectacle also.
PLENTY OF SPECTATORS.
They Brave the Chilling Wind to
Witness the Imposing Cere
monies.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.— T0 the
tacit demand lor spectators not only this
city but many others and hundreds of
neighboring towns responded in great
numerical strength. At an hour when
The Call
business wouid hardly have begun tne
streets were alive. A little later the sol
diery began to make its appearance by
squads, the troops brightening all the
side streets on either side of Fifth avenue.
That man was the wisest who started for
bis destination earliest; not that there
were not plenty of seats for all applicants
had the va»t crowd been distributed im
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 28, 1897.
THE GRAND PARADE PASSING THE REVIEWING STAND AT THE TOMB.
partially, but tn*t me ins of getting to
them were sadly lacking.
Ths West Side elevated roads were sim
piy congested during the morning, and
there was one hour when an ajule mnn
could have traveled over the cable-car
roois from the City Hall Park to Fifty
third street without ever touching foot to
th*» pavement.
Fora holiday the city was extremely
busy. When all those who had some
thing to sell— buttons or badeeF, or pic
tures or sonesters, or frankfurters, or
tickets to »tands, or toy balloons, or soap
boxes to stand on, or programmes of the
performance, or any one of a few thousand
other things— advertised their wares
vociferously, there was no lack of back
ground for the martial racket of the day.
It couldn't have been a worse day, from a
speculator's standpoint, barring a cyclone.
There was wind cold enough to take the
comforting warmth out of a flask of
whisky and piercing enough to penetrate
ihe fl:isk. It made life on the unpro
tected stand a gamble against pneumonia,
grip and kindred ills, with odds on the
UN. i
Notwithstanding these discomforts, the
spectators, once there, clang to their
places, hats and any other movable prop
erty which they wished to preserve.
Every time a particularly fierce gust came
considerable personal property changed
hands, the general trend of trade being
invariably with the wind.
There never was a more joyous looking
lot of people on a summer picnic than
those who tat in the big stand opposite
the President, ana on their own hook
sang patriotic songs to keei> the soldiers in
marching time when the band wasn't
playing.
It is computed that there were 60,000
men in the line of the land parade, and
the procession took six hour-" and fifteen
minutes to pass tiie dismissal point. At
the end there was a rnichty retreat, the
common enemy (cold) making itself feit
again. The soldiers joined the civilians
in the rout. The city's highways were
filled with nurrying infantry and scurry
ing cavalry, making what haste it might
to get inside a warm room.
AgaiM streets were gay with color*, but
this time in flecks and streaks, instead of
masses. There was another mighty block
ado tif traffic, and it tool:, besides the cus
tomary nickel, great energy and tirele s
patience to get anywhere on the surface
car or train. Darkness fell over the city
resounding with the tramp of homebound
fePt
While Mrs. Grant was on the reviewing
stand one of the bands pas>eJ playing
"Ades;e Fideles," the first band to p'.ay
an air of a solemn nature while passing
the tomb, and when the strains reached
the stand Mrs. Grant was weeping.
AT THE TOMB OF GRANT.
Impressive Services Include Sink
ing: by a Thousand Voices and
the President's Address.
NKW YORK, N. V., April 27— The I
"Star-spancled Banner" marked the be
ginning and end of the cpremonies at the
mmb. At sunrise the largest American ''
flae ever unlurlei, 86x50 feet, was hoisted i
on a pole at the tomb. Seven hours later,
when the Mayor had accepted the monu
ment for Greater Now York from the
Monument Association a thousand voices
led by 100 musicians sang the National
anthem. Though the ceremonies began
at 11 o'clock, not half the seats on the
stands were then occupied.
The speakers' ?tand from which the
Pramdent was to speak was adorned with
1200 American beauty rose?. The low
fence of pine boa.ds which separated the
President's party and distinguished
euests from ttio main assembly at the
front of the tomb was shrouded with royal
purple cloth, over which hung continuous
wreaths of laurel leaves.
A beating wind whistled through the leaf
less elms west of the tomb on the banks of
tiie Hudson. The river was muddy and
rutrlod, and the warships, decorated with
the flags of all nations, rose and fell at
anchorage. The clouds overhead were
alternately white and leaden, but peeoine
through was the clearest blue sky and the
brightest ran New York has had in many
days. Spectators arrived slowly, the id en
wearing heavy overcoats, while the women
were enveloped in fur wraps and spring
bonnets. Just In front of the speakers'
stand was a. little army of newspaper cor
respondents reprpsenting ail nations.
Soon after 11 o'clock, by scemiDgly pre
concerted arrangements, thousands upon
thousands rushtU in to lake seats. Tuey
were just in time, as the boomintr guns on
the warships announced the President
had arrived. Up from the river, amid the
booming of Runs, came the strains of
"The Star-spangled Banner" from one of
the warships.
Squadron A, with prancins horses and
•■abers drawn, came rushing along amid
great cheer?. Mayor Stront:, escorting
President McKinley, came down the aisle
to the speakers' s;and. followed by the
Vkx-Pfakl eat and Cabinet. Tue Presi
dent repeatedly iilted his hat in recogni
tion of cheers, and the wind made his
hair stand on end.
In a moment ex-President Cleveland
joined the Pr. sidential party. He ac
knowledged a cheer and then shook Mc-
Kinley's and Paunceiote's hands, bowing
low to the latter.
Mrs. Grant, escorted by her son. Fred
erick, and followed by all the members of
her iamilv, was shown to seats in iront of
Mrs. McKlnier. The President turned to
Cleveland and said laujrliincly : "It's a
irood diiy lor spepKing," to wiiich Cleve
land replied, "Yes, if you speak witn the
wind; don't speak against it."
Bisiiop Newman, who was at Grant's
deathbed, was scheduled to deliver the
prayer. Just before the ceremonies
opened the Bishop was asked by Presi
dent McKinley if he hadn't better abbre
viate, but the latter shook his bead.
Nevertheless Newman cut the prayer to
only a lew words, following with the
Lord's prayer, while all the men in the
great assembly aiood uncovered in the
Oiling blast.
After a thousand voices had sung the
National anthem President McKinley was
introduced amid great cheers. The Presi
dent removed his bat as he stood up to
speak, and a score yelled "Put on your
hat." The President shook his head and
used his si.k hat to bang the speaker's
deirk to punctuate the points of his speech.
lie spoke without note, clear and reso
nant. His iiair was tossed and tumbled
by the wind. His coat was tightly but
toned. All through the speech he was in
terrupted by applause, and when he Had
I finished the Mayor, t-x-Mayor Kdson and
the Vice-President and Cleveland shook
his hand in congratulation. The Presi
dent said :
"Fellow-citizens: A great life dedicated
to the welfare of the Nation here hnds its
earthly coronation. Even if this day
I lacked impressiveness of ceremony and
j was devoid of pageantry it Is still raemor
i able because it is the anniversary of the |
birth of one of the most famous and best
! beloved of American soldiers. Architec
, ture has paid a high tribute to the leaders
I of mankind, but never was a memorial
| more worihily bestowed or more grate
i fully accepied by a free people than the
, beautiful structure before which we are
I Gathered. In marking the successful com
■ p'.etion of this work we have as witnesses
ami ' Dariicipants representatives of all
branches of our Government, resident
! officials of foreign nations, Governors of
i States and sovereign people from every
• section of our common country, who join
iin tins august tribute to the soldier,
I patriot and citizen.
"Almost twelve years have pa?sed since
; the heroic vigil ended and the brave spirit
| of Ulysses S. Grant fearlessly took its
High:. Lincoln and Stanton preceded
him, hut of the mighty captains he W3S
: lirst to be called. Sherman and Sheridan
! survived him, but have since joined him j
■on the other shore. The great heroes of i
< the civil strife on land ana sea are for
j the most part now no more. Thomas and
Hancock. L-jgan and AfcPherson, Farra- j
gut, Dupont and Porter and a host of |
others h»ve passed forever from human
! sight. Those remaining crow dearer to
us, and from them and the memory of
those who have departed generations yet
j unborn w.ll draw their inspiration and
gather strength for patriotic purposes.
"A great life never dies, great deeds
1 shall never perish, and great names are
I immortal. Gront's services and chnracter
I will continue undiminished in influence
I and advance in the e°timation of mankind
| so long as liberty remains the cornerstone
! of free government and integrity of life is
i a guarantee of good citizenship.
"yaithful and fearless as a volunteer
soldier, intrepid and invincible as com
niancter-in-chi»f of the armies of the
Union, calm and confident as President,
he reunited and strengthened tne Nation
j which hU genius had been instrumental
jin achieving. He has our homage and
that of the world, but brilliant as was his
public character we love him all the more
for his home life ana homely virtues. His
individual! y, bearing ana speech, his
simple ways, had flavor of rare and unique
distinctiou, and bis Americanism was so
true and uncompromising that his name
will stand for all time as an embodiment
of liberty, loyal and National unity.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
•'Victorious in work which under divine
providence he was called upon to do,
clothed with almost limitless power, he
was yet one of th* people, patient, patri
otic and just. Success did not disturb the
even balance of his mind, while tame was
powerless to swerve him from the path of
iHUy. Great as he was in war he loved
peace, ;ind told the world that honorable
arbitration of differences was the best
hope of civilization."
After "My Country, 'Tis of Thee." by
t lie great chorus of a thousand voices, the
Mayor introduced General Porter, -aying:
"The present president of the Grant Mon
ument Association, who raised the money
to build this monument." The new Era
bassador to France received a hearty wel
come and creparatory to making a speech
took off his hat. The crowd yelled:
"Keep on your hat. We want you in
Paris." Porter thrust his hat back upon
his head and said: "Thank you for the
suggestion."
General Porter sketched the rise and
prosress of the movement which had cul
minated in the erection of the memorial
and gave samo financial and other stat
istics.
So blustery was the weather during the
oration that Governor Black and bis pri
vate and military secretaries left the
stand. Those with Mrs. McKinley Drought
a great fur robe, which they wrapped
around her, and another for the Presi
dent, which he muffled about him like a
blnnket. Pauncefote and Gorman, the
French and Italian Embassadors, wrapped
themselves i.i blankets. \Vben General
Porter finished the President and others
congratulated him on his speech.
After the Mayor's speech accepting the
tomb on behalf of the city, the Pren
Marvelous Effects
System Broken Down and Hope
Almost Abandoned— Health Re-
stored by Hood's Sarsaparllla.
"For fifteen years I have suffered with
oatarrh and indigestion and my n-hol*
system was broken down. I had almost
abandoned any hope of recovery. 1 pur-
chased six bottles of Hood's Sarsaparllla,
and its effects have been marvelous. It
has made met feel like a new man. lam
able to sleep well, have a good appetite
and I have trained several pounds in
weight."— James Wilder, Oroville, Wash.
"I bad a scrofula swelling on one sidt
of my neck and ulcerated sores in my nos-
trils, caused by catarrh. I also had small,
itching sores on my limbs. I bought
three bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
began taking it, and the sores soon healea.
My blood is purified and the scrofula has
disappeared."— O. D. McMantjs, Mission,
Washington.
Hood's ? ar f,?a
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purl
1 Hood 'ft Pills cure nausea, indigestion,]2
dential party went to luncii in the pavil
ion north of tbe tomb. Cleveland re
mained a few momenta at toneb, and then
with a friend drove rapidiy away.
GRAND MILITARY PARADE.
Veterans, Regulars, Mllltla and j
Cadets Join in Making a Most
Impressive Spectacle.
NEW YORK, H. V., April 11. -The
military parade started at 10:30 o'clock
from Madison square in a cloud oi dust,
which harasseJ it throughout the lonu
mar"eh nortnward to the tomb. From the I
top of Ninety-nrat-stieet Lill on Riverside j
drive lh3 first idea was obtained of the j
crowd's macnit'ide. Stretching into the j
Hollow and up hill beyond was a vast sea :
of faces. Away off at the top of tbe sec- j
ond hill beyond stood the tomb, and the j
grand stands there could just he seen biack |
with people. The greeting of this assem
bly was thunderous. It bejran when the I
wiiite plumes of the Thirteenth Regiment ,
band were sighted. It swept down and
over the hill beyond and back again. In
two minutes acres tnd acres of people
were ail standing, waving tlags, hats, i
handkerchiefs and yelling and screeching )
as ii their luncs would si>lit. They did
not quiet down until the paraders were
right among them.
Wnen the line mounted the last hill, on
top of which is the tomb, at 12:40 o'clock,
as the President was at lunch a twenty
minute halt was ordered. Then the line i
re newed its march alon^ the west drive
north to One Hundred and Twenty- j
seventh street, thence around and down
along the east side of the tomb past the
reviewing-stand.
With tiie grand marshal. General Gran
viile Dodge, rode General Broorue in j
Hawaiian uniform, the first ever worn in ,
tliij country. Chief Joseph of the Nez j
Perccs and Buffalo Bill Cody.
At the head of the military grand
division rode -Major-General Wesley Mer
riu, followed by General William Graham,
commanding the first division of United
Stales forces. To ihe West Point Cadets
was given the honor of being thefiistin
line. Liberal applause greeted them as j
they marched past the stand with beauti- '
ful precision of a machine, but without ;
the easy, confident swing of the service- 1
trained regulars who came just after.
There was a battalion of engineers, then a i
rcciment of regulars. Next came a regi
ment of artiilery. Then the light artil
lery was followed by the famous Sixth ;
Cavalry of Indian fighting fame. Follow- j
ing the regulars came the marines and '
teamen.
The militia brigades followed. As the j
f<e o::i brigade came up the band played
"Dixie," and the rebel yell sounded be- ■
lore the tomb of Grant from the throats of
a hundred spectators. During the gap in I
the parade the spectators sane; patriotic j
air-, stopping once to applaud Mrs. Me-
FIGURE OF WAR on the Facade of the Tomb.
Kinley. who drove away with Abner Me-
Kinley. The wind sr> chilled her it was
thought best to return to the hotel.
T:.e parade after passing the reviewing
stan 1 marched to the boulevard and One
Hundred and Nint . street, where it dis
banded. From 50,000 to '"J,OOO were in line.
THE NAVAL PAGEANT.
Mlprhty Fieet in Which Foreign
Navies Are Represented Sa
lutes the President.
NEW YORK, N. V., April J7.-Never \
was the American flag carried by filter
siap-5 than the war fleet participating in
the naval parade to-day. Just opposite
the tomb lay the cruiser New York, and !
astern lay the big black Talbot with the ■
white ensign of the English navy at taff
rail ai.d Oid Glory at the fore truck.
Tugging at the cables still further astern
lay the yellow ensigned Infanta Isabeile
and the >farie Theresa of the BpanUh
navy. No iess conspicuous in their deco
rations were these than the others, while
the Fulton, with the tri-coior of France,
and the Italian Dogali, that, in the order
named, completed the line, were as hand
some, if smaller, than all the rest.
fco stretched the line adjoining the New
York shore. Outside there v.as another
column composed exclusively of Uncle
Sam's ships— the Maine, Texas, Raleigh,
Columbia and monitors Amphitrita and
Terror. Lighthouse and excursion fleets
gayly decorated began to form in line
early in the afternoon.
Shortly before 5 o'clock President Mc-
Kiniey was escorted aboard the launch
and carried to the dispatch-boat Dolphin,
amid the mighty shouts of the crowd.
While the whole fleet belched forth the
President's salute, the Dolphin steamed
down between the long lines of warships.
An hour later the President had landed at
Fifty-second street, the President's flag
was hauled down from the Dolphin and
the parting Presidential salute marked
thft cose oi the water lete.
EVENING RECEPTION.
President McKlnley's Busy Day
Closed by Fitting: Honors
and a Banquet.
SEW YORK. N. V.. April 27.-From
the time President McKinley left the
Windsor Hotel at 0 o'clock in the morn
is.;; until he returned at half-past H, be
■was the recipient of an extremely cordial
welcome irom the crowds that swarmed
along the seven miles or more of streeis,
from the throngs about the tomb, and
irom the crowded decks of tugs and ex
cursion boats. His d.iy was busy and
trying, but he seemed brighter and more
animated when he returned to the hotel
than when he leit it.
At 9 o'clock to-nicht General Porter es
corted him to the Union L?ague Clnb for
the day's closing ceremony. Many of
those at the Union League in the after
noon saw a long table beautifully decor
ated, at which the President and friends
were to dine. It contained a confection
.model of the White House and Capitol
with the figures of the President and
Vice- President.
But when the time came for the guests
to be escorted to the dining-room, the
beautifully decorated table was missing.
In its placa W6re several tables la rj;o
enough for only four persons. The whis
pered explanation was that somebody had
a row over whether the English Embassa
dor should sit at the President's right.
To settle the dispute the big table was
hastily removed.
The reception was a most impres-ive
affair. Rarely has such a distinguished
company been gathered together, and
never has the Union League Club at
tempted anything so elaborate. The
decorations of bannsrs, flags and plants
were profuse, brilliantly showing the gold
and blue uniforms of army and navy offi
cers and diplomatic corps. A huge crowd,
anxious to see the President, surg?d to the
clubhouse doors. The police drove them
to the opposite side of the street, from
which they could just catch a climpse of
the people as they lelt the carriages. De
termined to bestow applause where due,
tt.e crowd cheered each carriage.
A bind whicii escorted somebody to the
clubhouse was obliged to bang around
outside until after the reception, so the
crowd induced it to play "Hail to the
Chtol" each time a carriage le:t guests at
the door. The police finally quelled the
band and the crowd. The band played
"Hail to the Chief" as tne President en
tered, leaning on the arm of General
Porter. Close behind came Vice-President
Hobart, with Embassador Pauncefote and
Mr. Depew.
The line behind them was very long.
Each guest was accompanied by a mem
ber ot the club. Among them, besides the
Presidential party, which included the
Cabinet and diplomatic corps, were: Gen
erals Schoneld, Howard, Miles, Meiritt aim
Dodge. Rear- Admirals Brown and Bunce,
Speaker Reed, Mayor Strong, Senator
Hiniiß, Governors Cook of Connecticut,
Lowndes of Maryland, Walcou of Massa
chusetts, Ramsd'.ul of New Hampshire,
Bushnell of Ohio, Hastings of Pennsyl
vania, Lippitt of Rhode Island, Grout of
Vermont and Black of New York, Sen
ators te.vall, Wetmore, Frye, Proctor,
Gallinger, Fairbanks, Waltham, Carter,
Turner and EiKins.
These guests and many others marched
slowly up tne stairs, which were guarded
by a company of the Thirteenth Infantry.
In the larce meeting hail on tbe second
floor the reception was held. Tais room
was decorated with flags of all nations.
In it is a collection of portraits of many
noted generals and most of the President*,
including a new one of Mr. MiKinley by
Theodore Chartran. The walls around
and b.ick of these portraits were hung
with Virginia smilax, relieved in snois by
clusters of red, white and blue (lowers.
Under the portrait of Grant was a wreath
of white roses and violets and above it an
Appomattox flajr which belongs to General
Porter, who as pres.dcnt of the club stood
b?sicte President McKlolty during the
reception and introduced him to the
members. The reception lasted until 11
o"ciock, when the Presidential party went
to supper in an alcove of the dining-room.
The other guests ate in the main dining
room.
THE GRANT FAMILY.
Although Weighted With Yaars. the
Widow cf the Great General
Bcre Up We!!.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 27- — It was a
long day for the (iraut family, but they
bore the strain well. They were scheduled
to start from the Fifth-avenue Hotel ut 9
a. m., but were all up eariier, and Mrs.
Grarji was holding an informal reception
before breakfast, and for almost an hour
before the lime to start.
Notwithstanding the ueicht of advanc
ing years the widow of the National hero
is active and vivacious. She ate a hearty
breakfast, and shook hands heartily with
most of those who called.
At 9:15 o'clock the whole family tooli
seats in the seven carriages provided for
them. Mr 3. Grant cirae out first, leaning
| upon the arm of her son, Frederick. As
soon as she appeared Squadron A, drawn
up in front of the hotel, saluted.
The whole famiiy was then driven to
the tomb. They were lustily cheered
alone the route. After the dedication
ceremonies ana luncheon Mrs. Grant
viewed the parade until 4 o'clock, then,
fearing the effects of the chilling wind,
leaning upon the arm of her eldest son
and followed by nil the family, she in
spected the interior of the tomb and gazed
| in silence for a moment upon the sarcopha
gus which contains the dust of her illus
trious husband.
Z After dinner Colonel Fred, Ulysses S.
and Jesse Grant attended the Union
League Club function, and the rest of the
famiiy spent a quiet evening at the hotel,
retiring early. They will not leave the
city lor a couple of days.
FATAL ACCIDENTS.
A Militia Commander Mortally In
jured by a Fall, and the Captain
of a Boat Drowned.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.-Cap<ain
Alstrom, commanding tho second troop
of tho New Jersey Cavalry near the head
of the line or the New Jer ey militiamen,
as he ncared the reviewine-stiiiiil was
thrown from bis horse and fatally in
jured.
While trying to see the President alight
from the Dolphin, P?ter Nelson, an ice
bo:it explain, was drowned. Several other
casual tie? occurred.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 28.-The
World irints the following: "Colonel
Finlay Anderson, special aid on the grand
marshal's staff, was unhorsed in the
parade an 1 taken to St. Luke's Hospital
suffering from concussion of the brain. It
is believed that his skull is frnctured. An
uei^ou was adjutant- general on Hancock's
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 189 T.
OFFICIAL PLAN for the Grand Stand's Capacity of J 6,762.
staff during the war. He returned to this
city from San Francisco a week ago."
m
WHY NEW YORK WAS
SELECTED.
Grant Preferred It Because Its
People Had Befriended Him
in His Need.
The ffedioation of the Grant mouumenj
recalls many interesting events in the ca
reer of the greatest American soldier. It
brings again to public notice the early
Btrugi.'l'!s and the many vicissitudes of the
New York Monument Association. There
was a widespread feeling at one time that
the remains of General Grant should re
pose in a crypt of the National Capitol,
but the Grant family, bearing in mind
certain preferences expressed by the hero
while his life was slowly ebbing away at
Mount McGregor, decided to accept, a
proposition made by New York and pace
all that was mona! of the great captain in
a mausoleum on the Hudson. In the
West the hope was expressed that Galena,
111., should be the resting-place of the
man who went from there as a simple cit
izen to perform a patriotic duty, and sub
sequently game i such isme and honor as
fpw men ever achieved. Veterans oi the
Union army, AC many of them in all parts
of the country, hoped that bis remains
might be laid to rest in tue National Cem
etery at Arlington on the banks of toe Po
tomac.
When New York was chosen the public
waited to see if a city so bent on gaining
comme rcial prestige would appreciate the
patriotic honor btstowed and fulfill the
expectation of the country.
A week or two before bis death General
Grant expressed seme views to his sou.
Colonel Freuerick D. Grant, in regard to
bis burial. The disease bad made such
progress that his power of articulation
had almost ceased, and it was only by su
preme effort that he could whisper articu
late words; he therefore used pencil and
paper to communicate with those about
him. When he began to write the general
named Galena, his old home, then paused
and shook bis head. He then wrote West
Point, Out expressed the fear that the
rules Eoverriisig interment there wouid
prevent the burial of Mrs. Grant by his
side. He finally referred lo New York,
wi.ere he had foumi such kina ana de
voted friend?, but added ttiat he wished
no plac- selected where his wile couU not
bo buried by his side. He was apparent, v
attempting to write more when a
paroxysm seized him and the subject was
not renewed.
Here are the memoranda on the subject
left by General Grant for in« guidance of
his family in the selection of his last res 1.
--ing-place:
West Point— l prefer this above others, but
for the fact that my v.ife could not be placed
beside me there.
Galena or some other place in Illinois—Be
cause from that State I received my first gen
eral's commission.
New York— B-.- cause the people of that city
befriended sne in my need.
As New York was the last place he mi
i dicated a sentiment in favor of that ciiy
| was created. It was accepted as the gac
i eral's final request. The family expressed
; a preference for New York, as it was their
• home, and with their assent the site for
THE MEMORIAL MEDAL.
the present monument in Riverside Park
was selected.
It is an iaral location for a monumental
tomb, the ground being on the bank of
the Hudson, nt a height of about 100 feet
above the wat*r. It was seen that a monu
ment of suitable proportions would he vis
ible from prominent parts of tne city, from
points many mi c.-> up the river and from
decks of vessels in portions of the harbor.
A temporary tomb of brick masonry
was immediately constructed. The re
mains were brought to New York, receiv
ing marked tributes of ie>pect from offi
cial bodies and masses of the peoi !••.
After the body had lain in state at Al
bany, the capital, and at the City Hail,
New York, the funeral took place on Sat
urday, August 8, 1885. The demonstration
as the cortege pass d from the City Hall
to Riverside Park was the most impressive
that the city had ever wit'ies^ed. It is
estimated that the procession was viewed
by more than a million people.
(ieneral Gram's spirit passed away at S
o'clock on ihe morning of July 23. 1885.
On July 28, live dnys later, a meeting of
citizens of New York was called by the
Mayor. A committee was appointed to
begin the movement for a suitable monu
ment to the memory of the illustrious sol
dier. The next day a permanent organi
zation of the committee was effected.
Ex- President Chester A. Arthur was
chosen chairman, la February of ilie
following year the Grant Monument As-
Koclation was organized with Chester A.
Arthur as president. A week later Mr.
Ar hur was stricken with fatal illness and
h resigned and Sidney Dillon whs elected
to succeed him. Up to tuis time the con
tributions received amounted 10 $114,000.
In April, ls«7, Cornelius Vanderbilt be
came president of the association and was
succeeded in February, 1888, by ex- May or
William R. Grace.
Various measures for providing a proper
sepulchre were considered, and competi
tive designs from leading aichitects in
vited. In September, 1890, the plan fur
nished by J. H. Duncan of New York for
a structure to cost between $500,000 and
$<JOO,OOO was accepted.
In due time a contract was made for
i building a foun lation, and on April 27,
j 1801, t.'e anniversary of General Grant's
. birthrtay. ground was broken with appro-
I printe exercises. Comrade Charles H.
Freeman, commander ot the department
of New YorK, Grand Army of the Repub
lic, was the presiding officer. An oration
was delivered by Genera! Horace Porter.
A contract was subsequently made for the
i construction of the lower course of the
granite work, which would bring the
FIGURE OF PEACE on the Facade of the Tomb.
structure to a heighth of ten feet above
the suriace of the ground.
The sum raised up to this time was
about $155 000, and efforts to get more
money seemed lo be unavailing. It
seemed lo the country tiiat the stock of
New York patriotism was exhausted, and
if the Graut monument was to bi com
pleted the people of the whole United
States would have to take hold of the
work. As the fund did not increase the
impression obtained that New York would
fail to give the remains of the illustrious
comrcander of the Union armies a proper
resting-place, so a bili was introduced in
Congress providing for a removal of the
body to the National capital. This pro
po&ed measure aroused the patriotic citi-
zens of New York to a sense of their re
sponsibility. They were also quickened
by the stinging criticism of the press of
other cities. The old soldiers felt that
Grant'? memory had not been respected,
nntl began to cast reproach on the com
mercial metropolis of the Nation. They
thought that seven years was ample time
to finish the work, and refused to conoidcr
the time that bad been taken to build the
Bunker Hill monument at Boston and the
Washington monument at the Natioual
capital.
It was demanded of the city of New
York that her citizens who had sought the
honor of erecting the monument should
carry out the enterprise at once, or aban
_^_ HEW TO-DAT.
Under eminent scientific control,
APENTA
The Best Natural Aperient IVater.
Relieves the kidneys t unloads the liver and opens the
bowels*.
don the project. New Yorkers then be
gan to look around for a leader — for a
man of organizing ability to direct af
fairs. A» this period General Horace Por
ter was urged to t.-.ke charge of the affairs
of the association. He was found to be
the man for the work. The monument, as
it stands completed and paid for tc-day,
is a striking tribute to his genius. He
had been General Gram's chief of staff,
nnd he knew New York a3 few soldiers
knew it.
General Porter undertook to raise more
than twice as much money in a few
months as had been secured hy his pre
decessors in years He inaugurated an
eight weeks' financial campaign in honor
of his chief that was characterized by
amazing ability, industry and success.
The movement began March 21, 1892,
and in a few weeks General Porter an
nounced:
An auxiliary committee has been ap
pointed in nearly every branch of busi
ness, trade or profession in the city. The
club?, the churches, the newspapers, co
operated ana the business interests of the
metropolis were carefully organized to
rai c money.
In the final days 215 committees, num
barine 2487 people, were aiding in secur-
ing subscriptions, and when President
Harrison laid the corner-stone on April
27 General Porter announced that in four
weeks $202 800 had been contributed, most
of it lrom Manhattan Island. By Memo
rial day, a munth latter, the total amount
needed had oeen subscribed and a gigan
tic work had been accomplished.
The monument as it Hands to-day rep
resents an expenditure of nearly $600,000.
This came from 00.000 American citizens,
and it includes the widow's mite and the
poor man's modest offerine, as well at the
large subscriptions of the rich.
It is a genuine tribute of tha people, un
like the great monuments of Europe.
Tue Albert memorial in London, the tomb
of Kaiser Wiihelra in Ber:in, and the
huge Germania upon the Niederwaid
ware each constructed by governmental
agencies. The Grant monument in New
York represents the loyai love and patri
otic remembrancer of a united people.
AN ORIGINAL CREATION.
The Design of the Tomb Is Digni
fied and Imposing.
The design provided by Architect John
H. Duncan is not a mare copy of a Eu
ropean model, but an original creation,
dignified, imposing, suggestive of the
strength and fortitude of a warrior, and of
the simple force of General Grants char
acter. The general style of the work is
Grecian Doric.
The tomb is massive, yet well relieved
by pillars ana other embellishments. The
eround upon which it rests is 140 fee;
abovu the river, ana tha structure lifts it
self 175 feet in the air.
The exterior of the building isof a light
granite, aud all of the interior is finished
in white marble. The porch is ap
proached by a grand flight of steps sev
enty feet wide.
After a diligent search of seven months
in order to find a granite of light color
which would be entirely flawless and of
duraole quality, a granite singularly well
adopted for the purpose was found in
North Jay, Maine, and this stone was
usea in completing the structure. It is so
light in tone that in strong sunlight it is
hardly distinguishable from marble. One
of the most difficult problems presented
was tne selection of a matorial suitable
for the sarcophagus. About a year ago,
writes General Horace Porter to the Cen
tury Magazine, there was found in the
quarries at Montello, Wisconsin, a por
phyry of fine texture and brilliant led
dish color which famished a sarcophagus
of great beauty and appropriateness. To
comply with tne frequently expressed wish
of Generai Grant th:u his wife should be
laii to rest by his side, a sarcophagus the
exact duplicate of the one desciibed, will
be provided, in which the body of Mrs.
Grant will repose.
The work is entirely completed. The
lower portion of the tomb is a square
structure of the Grecian Doric orJer, meaß
urine 90 feet on a side. The entrance is
on the south side, and is protected by a
portico formed of double lines of columns.
The square portion is finished with a cor
nice and parapet at a height from
grave of 72 feet, and above this is a circu
lar cupola 70 feet in diameter of the lonic
order, surmounted with a pyramidal top
termiuatin at a height of 150 feet above
grade, or 280 feet above hieh water of the
Hudson River. The interior is cruciform
in plan, 76 feet at the greatest dimension,
the four corners bein<; pieces of masonry
connected at the top by coffered arches,
the crowns of which are 50 feet from th«
floor level. On these arches rest an open
circular gallery of 40 feet inner diameter,
culminating in a paneled dome 103 feet
abov9 the level of the floor. The surface
between the planes of the faces of the
arches and the circular dome form pen
dentives, which are decorated in highest
relief sculpture by J. Massey K!»ind, and
emnlematic of the birth, military and
civic life, and death of General Grant.
The sarcophagi is placed inacryptdi-j
rectly beneath the center of the dome, j
The approach to the crypt is by stair- \
ways, wnich give access to a passage en- j
circling the space dedicated to the sar- j
cophagi, which space is surrounded by I
square columns, supporting paneled mar- j
ble ceilings and entablature. A circular
opening in the main floor gives an unob
strncied view of the sarcophagi from that j
floor and from the gallery, in the work ;
of construction tne builders liau in mind
that strength and enduring qualities were
ot paramount importance; therefore, no
undue haste was made. Occasional delays
occurred from finding specks or flaws
upon the surfaces of some of tlie iarge
stones after they had been dressed down
to completeness; and as the association!
reserved the right under the terms of the j
contract to reject sucu material, new :
stones had to be prepared to take the
placet of those which exhibited defects.
SITE OF THE MONUMENT.
It Is of Surpassing Beauty and Com
mands a Magnificent View.
The site of the monument is one of sur
passing beauty and commands a magnifi
cent view. There is no place in New York
or vicinity better fitted for the location of
such a monument than the one where it
stands. Tue Hudson River flows silently
within a stone's throw. Directly opposite
and across the waters the glorious
Fa!i<ades loom in a grandeur that has
given them world-wide fame. Looking
north tne Hudson may be seen as far as
Tappan Zee. 'lhe immediate surronnd
ings of the monument itself are very
beautiful. To the rear and south are lo
catefa the stately buildings of the new
Columbia University. Adjoining them
will stand, as soon as time and labor
permit, the great cathedral of St. John,
which is to cost $10,000,000. All around is
emerald sward, ami from the background
the monument stands out in eminent re
NEW TO-DAY.
; ■ • ,
SELLING GOODS IS A "BREAD AND BUTTER" PROPOSITION WITH U3.
We must get a profit on sales or zo hungry. About 135 other persons and
families are also depending on their earnings with us for the'nedfcssaries of life.
There are some who, 'by ways that are dark and tricks that are mean," would deprive
us and others of tliis living. We do not resent this, for the loyal people of the city
and coast have stood manfully by their favorite Bazaar and given ns liberally of their
patronape. We must move carloads of goods every day. This we do by giving lovr
prices, good articles and good service.
2c for 10c Nickeline stove Polish. 5c for Ladies' 15c Ecru velesn Vesta.
16c for 25c Day A Martin Hhoe Polish. 0c for Ladies' 80c ba briggan Vests.
7c lor '.6c Ho t'a c- ay r. 25c for 60c and 75c t-artmles L'nderwear
fie for 2-bit '11 i Mllk-^iraluer. 5c for Boys' 2.1 c Wool iloae.
5c for 15c large tia van:ze<l Dipper. 5c for Girls' >-ray Bieyct* Hose— B, 81 '«
lc for 8c Bunch Qi 111 'i'coihpicks. 6c fcf Ladies' 25c Mcd Coilon Hose.
50c for *I.O J Double Roasting Pans. 6c for child's 12»Ac Gray Hosa, sto 7.
6c for 75c BlMa > rumb 'frays. _____
25c for 60c Ccal-01l stoves, small. 6c i..it. Hi h t if» rime. ti,,»i.
5c for choice of 100 Wood I'ipes. £ £. Jcq^^n^^e^chh MuBlln
„ . . , ~^ 8c for i|u.-.:i;y >me Fi?ur<?d Chslli.
3c for 6c Cake Granger's Soap. 35u for 75c i lioice Wool Plaids.
4c for Kalrbank's Flno Whii«> Hose Soap. 7c for l_'ioc Dark Figured Percales
6c for 10c L'»k<- M. M. t omplexion Soap. 12V-,C for Uoc ilze Turtish Bath Towola.
lc lor 5c I «R.f Bo an* Daisy Soap.
• Jver 100 k:nds of Soap on s»l« now. o r ♦„_ m|,,..i ln . w/n-i- n.,i..,
12V^c for 35c J»r« 1m one I Plckl-s. Powder. c c f"r 5-- Jlnko F»nr^«
]Ucor Mother Cary's 60c Diphtheiia Powder. lc for 5c iv llnt-HMdIS Ba,w,«
-5c for Dr. Kogers' AlOO Heart Tonic. 1% f ° o orr r L C Hd?es n 5c H d B Ha,rdkerchtefs.
,« * o« „ - lc lor 10c Black -ilk Beadßd Hibbon.
10? tor 20c Can Fine SliceJ Apricots, lc for 5c uratle of Fine white Lare
li'y c fjr 26c BotUes Jel yor Jam. 25c for $1.00 Low shoes— Utrle srlris.
15c tor 40c Box *i? P<-rfrct.lon 600 for *1.50 slippprs, sizes 8. 8V» 4
30j for 60c size Chinese Preserve Ginger. 75c for Ladies' $2.00 Oxlords, si_, 4,' narrow. '
"Kettledrum" Tea is the finest Ceylon imported. Have it for guests sure 700.
Saratoga chips and ripe Olives in bulk are among our specialties.
"All aboard for the mines." Be sure to buy your outfit from "Smiths'.'
In thinking of "Mayday" outings do not fail to connect with this store.
Public institutions and private charities will find our siock at their disposal.
Better limes, better salaries, better prices are coming our way with new tariff bill,
Bft— _^v 31 r isa^^* Sfl _f_B *^-' i JWgj j jfl&E V
fSoods delivered twice dully— any part city.
iIHMiS&iS' Free delivery to suburban town*.
. fmmaa ' I IWa iSf I Free dnmoiiatratlon of foods daily.
Ib{sml JJf&SßmiiSi ■ Tea mid Coffee nerved lrei- to all -\rlio calL
«qMJI^ •..-^^ft£wHJßE}y / Parcwla checked and Telephone Free.
t^_BsQfc^_r-'v^' ' v "'^___^/ Dining-room on *ixth floor.
VHSmBWB^^^M^T/ <ioo<ls packed and nhipped everywhere.
Please ask for our -10-uago list.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry — MiRKET STREET.
OliilSlEAT CURER
OF= THE HCE
JS A CERTAIN CIRE FOR
Rhenmatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen*
tery, Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liver ana Kidney Complaints^ Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Bnrns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds; Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchings and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal.
; For Mlibj aIJ druggists. The trade supplied by Redinron <fc Co.. Mack A Co and
-- L»ngley Michaels. San Francis*-. . ' * : C^md.
lief. The locality needs to be seen to be
enjoyed. It is a part of upper and newer
New York. It is near the northern ter
minus of New York's most fashionable
river drive, the daily resort of many people
in carriages. A generation hence the,
Riverside drive will be in the center of •'
completely built up residential section.
Fifty years from now it may be the center
of N*w York.
The Riverside drive has enormously in
creased in popularity with the upward
growtn oi the city and the general Intro
dtction of the bicycle, and is rapidly be
coning the fashionable drive. Eleven
years aeo, when the remains of General
Grant were placed in the nastily con
structed temporary tomb, which now
seems a trifle beside the imposing struct
ure of white granite, the Riverside drive
was scaicely known to a tenth of the
people of New York. Now it enjoys a
National reputation. For centuries to
come it is sure to be a shrine of patriotic
devotion.
While the Grait tomb is completed and
dominates the landscape it by no means
realizes the complete ideas of those who
have had it in charge. Five years hence
it will be grander than it is to-day. Elab
orate pieces of brooze statuary are to be
placed along the parapets and the top is
to be graced with a large allegorical group.
The time from the laying of the corner
stone to the completion of the tomb has
been, according to General Hoi ace Por
ter's calculation, five years. A shorter
period than this has been consumed in
the building of no conspicuous memorial
in history. The Kunker Hill monument,
which cost $150,000, was not completed
until seventeen years after the corner
stone was laid, in the case of the Wash
ington monument, which cost $l,l&7,710,
the time consumed was thirty-seven years.
The tomb o? General Grant, dedicated yes
terday, was delivered to the city o: New
York and will be placed in the custody of
the Park Department. S:nc the transfer
of Napoleon's remains from St. Helena to
France and their interim nt in the Hotel
dcs Invnlides no similar function has
equaled in importance and solemnity the
dedication of the 10mb on the Hudson.
REMOVING THE CASKET.
How the Remains Were Trans
ferred to the New Tomb.
On Saturday, April 17, in the presence
of tLree members of the hero's family,
and without pomp or ceremony, the cas
ket containing the body o.f Ulysses S.
Grant, twice President of the United
States and the commanding general of tua
Union armies in the Civil War, was trans
ferred to the beautiful new monument.
Colonel Frederick D. Grant, eldest son
i of t;:e general, whose likeness to the
great chieftain becomes more marked as
the years roll on, superintended the re
j moval. With him were his brother,
■ Ulysses S. Grant Jr., and his son, Ulysses
I S. Grant. The guard of honor which es
■ corted the body of tne great leader from
Mount McGregor to ><ew York twelve
years ago — old, grizzied veterans who
served under Grant — conveyed the re
; mains to the new tomb.
Of tbe original twelve men who served
as the escort in 1835, the following acted
in the same capacity in the transfer: Wil
liam J. McKeivey. Superintendent of Po
lice of Brooklyn ; Senator George W. Bush
of Brooklyn, George F. Tait, Robert F.
Mackeilar, George A. Price, Noah Tib
betts, Wiliiaro Barker, James F. Howatt
and R. B. Gwillam.
The places of the absentees were filledTHE NAVAL REVIEW— THE DOLPHIN WITH PRESIDENT McKINLEY ON BOARD PASSING DOWN THE LINE
When the last division of the military and civil bodies had passed the reviewing stand President McKinley and other invited guests were escorted to the bank of the river, from which they were taken on board the Dolphin for the purpose of reviewing the fleet. In addition to
other salutes, as the Dolphin, with the President's flag flying at her main, passed down the line, the great warships dipped their colors in honor of the Chief Magistrate.
by Wil iam W. Brady, H-nry W. Knicnt
and William McDonald. Price, Tnit,
Mackeliar, McDonald ana Knight are past
commanders of the Grand Army of the
Republic.
Others present included General Koratio
C. Kin.; and his iJau^rhter, President Mc-
Millan an>l Secretar-v Leary of the Park
Board, President Crcftof the Commission
ers of Chsrity; General Horace Porter,
president of the Grant Monument Com
mitree; John Duncan, the architect who
do s gned the monument; John T. Brady,
contractor who built it, and C. M. Can
fieid, who farnisbed the sarcophagus.
THE SARCOPHAGUS.
MANY THOUSANDS IN LINE.
The Main Divisions of the Marching
Column.
In spite of all efforts made by General
Grenville M. Dock-e, grand marshal of the
procession, to limit the size of the march-
I lug column at the dedicatory ceremonies,
1 the main divisions were as follows:
V . FIBST DIVISION.
\Orand Marshal and his staff, regular army.. 2,500 \
i-allorß and marines 1,501)1
second division.
National Guard. New York 13,000
THIRD DIVISION.
■ National Guard, l'e'insyl vauia 4,000
National Guard. Sew Jersey : 4,000
National <>uaril. Connecticut 600
• >at:onal Guard, M:is.a<'h;isetls 500
.Nuiional Guurd. 'Virginia. ■ -700
National Guard, Maryland 900
National Guard, KhO'le Island -iOO
. >»tional Guard. Vermont 600
National GuanJ. Onio 1,100
National Guanl, Disrrirt of Colombia 'JSO
Governor of Illinois and siaff.
FOURTH oivuioar.
■Uniformed, arme<! and equipped cadets..... 4.000
FIFTH DIVISION*.
O. A. R. Veterans 10.000
SIXTH DIVISION.
Civic organizations 10,000
Th«i official programme is a souvenir
memorial of the ceremonies of the dedica
tion. The book contains a series of repro
ductions from portraits of General Grant
from the age of 17 years to his death, also a
series of scenes and incidents from his life,
with portraits of his family and parents,
views of his tomb and sarcophagus, por
traits on-d sketches of the leading mem
bers of the militia and navy and of Gen
eral Horace Porter and Mayor Strong,
witb a review of the executive committee
' and others. The programme also has
reminiscences and memoirs of General
Giant by some who knew him well, and a
complete outline of the ceremonies and
those who participated.
tThe front page is printed in gold, with a
large and true picture ol the tomb sur
rounded with a wreath, and in the upper
left hand corner is a bow of red, v.'hite and
; tJue ribbon. The cover of the programme
1 Vas designed rjy Stanford White.
\ lhe official badge, which is patented, is
\inade of solid gold, the Background being
in white enamei with gold relief, the head
of Grant in gold— a perfect likeness of the
general, and is acknowledged by experts
to be the best impression ever made of |
him. The words "Municipal Grant Mon
ument Committe, April 27, 1897," «re at i
jthe base in a scroll .design. ,_ .......
HISTORIC UTTERANCES.
R:f|e-Shot Sayings of the Hero! of
Appomattox.
In the April number of the Outlook,
General Jarne* Grant Wilson has an arti
cle, in which he says it maybe doubted if
among the six or seven really illustrious
soldiers of the nineteenth century, on
which the curtain is about to drop, any
except Napoleon has left behind well-au
thenticated records of so many rifle-shot
utterances as did General Grant-
When news of the assault on Fort Sum
ter reached the North, hundreds of mildly
INTERIOR OF THE GRANT MONUMENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
enthusiastic meetings were held in the
chief cities and towns of the loyal States.
Among ihose one met in Galena, 111., at
which Grant said: "lam in for the war
and shall stay until this wicked rebellion
is crushed at the cannon's mouth."
In Grant's lirst battle of the war he said :
''Don't lire until you see the enemy, and
then take good aim."
When the Confederate commander pro
posed an armistice at Fort Donelson
Grant wrote: "No terms except an imme
diate and unconditional surrender can be
accepted. I propose to move immediately
upon your works." This message electri
fied the North and made Grant a central
tigure in the group of Union generals.
At Shiloh Grant said to Sherman: "Re
form your ranks and attack the enemy in
front at break of day. It is always an ad
vantage to be the attacking party and we
must fire tne first gun to-morrow morn
ing."
At Vicksburg Grant said to Femberton:
"I demand an unconditional surrender."
Alter the glorious victory at Chattanooga
Grant congratulated bis troops in these
stirring words: "You dislodged him from
Ms great stronghold at Lookout Moun
tain; drove him from Chattanooga Val
ley; wrested from his determined grasp
the possession of Mission Ridge; repelled
with heavy loss to him his repeated as
saults upon Knoxvillo, forcing him to
raise the siege there; driving him at all
points, utterly routed and discomfited,
beyond the limits of the State.
In May, 1861, he said to Sherman:
"Rebel armies are now the strategic po.nts
to strike. In a communication to Meade
he wrote: ''Lee's army wih be your ob
jective point. Wherever Lee's army goes
you will so also."
At the close of the first day's fighting in
the Wilderness, with its heavy losses of
thousands killed, wounded or captured, a
young officer from a distant part of the
hattlelield presented himself, bringing
bad news and. a gloomy countenance to
the chief; but nothinar daunted or dis
heartened the indomitable Grant re
plied: "It's all right, Wilson. We move
forward at 4in the morning. We are go
ing through; there is no doubt about iL"
Later on he wrote the letter to Halleck,
which contained the now famous sentence:
"I propose to ficht it out on this line if it
takes all summer."
In another message he wrote: "The
whole captures since the army started
out sunning will not amount to less than
12,000 and fifty pieces of artillery."
To Lee he said: "Take your horses
home, for you will want them for spring
plowing." Later on he said to the coun
try, "Let us have peace."
MAJOR - GENERAL DODGE.
War Record of the Man Who
Marshaled the Hosts Yes
terday.
Major-General Grenville M. Dodge, the
grand marshal of the Grant procession in
New York, was a distinguished soldier
daring the war, and subsequently a mem
ber of Congress from lowa and chief en
gineer in the construction of the Union
Pacific Railroad. Grant and Sherman bad
a high respect for Dodge's ability as a
tighter and his skill as an engineer.
Dodge organized the Fourth iowa In
fantry, one of the historic regimeuu of
the war, and as colonel conducted it to
the field of battle. At Pea Ridge he gained
a star for gallantry in action. He was
subsequently promoted major-general,
and placed in command of the Sixteenth
Army Corps. As commander of that corps,
in front of Atlanta on July 22, 1864, be
made a splendid record for bravery and
endurance when assaulted in dank and
rear by General Hood. The highest tribute
is paid to Dodge in Sherman's official re
port of this engagement, in which the
brave Mcl'herson, commanding the Army
of the Tennessee, was slain.
ATLANTA'S BANKING PANIC.
A Third Concern Forced to the Wall by
Cassm's Rascality — Knockout at a
Directors' Meeting.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 27. — Another
institution, hitherto supposed to be one of
the stancbest in the city, has gone to the
wall, a third victim to the defalcation of
Cashier Cassin. An attorney representing
the Washington Loan and Investment
Company to-day secured tbe appointment
of receivers for the concern, the manage
ment of which is clo?ely connected with
the Georgia Loan and Banking Company
and the United States Bond Company.
Tne latter and the Washington Company
conducted a far-reaching installment
bond business, being the depositories of
the sayings of families in nearly every
city of importance in the United States.
The personnel of the board of directors
and stockholders included the leading
capitalists of this State.
At a meeting of the Georgia Company's
directors to-day th* re was a lively row be
tween President G. V. Gress and Judge
R. T. Dorsey, who is Atlanta's foremost
lawyer. Dorsey asserted that he had writ
ten Gress in January asking that he call
a meeting of the directors to examine the
books. Gress replied that he nad just
concluded a personal inspection of tri
bank's affairs and that there was nothing
whatever to warrant the inconvenience
of calling a board meeting. High words
followed until Dorsey in a rage knocked
the president under a table.
An amendment has been filed by Mor
gan Gress, son of the president, to his
original petition which precipitated the
receivership, in which he claims that his
lather obtained large sums of money on
inadequate securities. He also prefers
charges against other officers for employ
ing the funds of the defunct institution
in private ventures. He implicates some
of Atlanta's foremost citizens.
To Drain I.na<trill*'s Uo%*>ntou>n Mine*.
LEADVILLE, Colo., April 27.— At a
meeting of mine managers last night it
was unanimously decided to bepin pump
ing tbe downtown mines immediately,
with a view to their operation in June!
The resumption will furnish employment
to abouil 00 men.
Alttit //>!•■<• Heen an Overnight.
BOSTON, Mass., April 27.— Former Gov
ernor Boutwell, who was Secretary of the
Treasury under Grant, did not receive an
invitation to the Grant memorial exer
cises. .Boutwell said to-night: ''Whether
this was caused by negligence or whether
they had no place for me I don't know."
Off for Morth Ororrjia'n Gold J i*!d<.
CHAT TANOOGA, Term., April 27.—Ad
lai Stevenson and a party of wealthy man
interested in gold-mining started to-day
««n route to the gold fields of North
Georgia.
JLiruti-nant < ntiioun Dend.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 28— Naval
Lieutenant George Caihonn dropped dead
on Broadway at midnight or shortly after
on his way home from the Union League
reception.
FOUR SURVIVE
THE DISASTER
Terrible Wreck of the
Brigantine Vaillant
on Icebergs.
It Is Believed That Sixty-Nine
Fishermen Met a Fearful
Death.
Four Man Badly Frost- Bitten Picked
Up In a Boat— They Had Eaten
a Dead Comrade.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., April 27.— The
French barkentine Victor Olgene arrived
at St. Pierre Miquelon bringing survivors
of the brigantine Vaillant, Captain Pierre,
which struck an iceberg on the Grand
Banks on the night of Wednesday, April
14. and sank within twenty minutes.
The survivors believe their sixty-nine
comrades perished. Their ship was nearly
four weeks out from St. Malo, when, -with
out an instant's warning, she struck full
speed against a low-lying iceberg. Her
stem and bows were split to pieces and
tbe hold was speedily flooded. Many of
those aboard were drowned outright by
the inrushing waters or crushed by falling
timbers as they tried to reach the deck.
The ship wa9 en her way from France
to St. Pierre for bait to begin the summer's
codtishing on the banks, and was carrying
fifty fishermen to join the St. Pierre fleet
She had altogether seventy-three persons
aboard. After the collision those who
reached the deck, mostly clad in ni.-ht
robe?, realizing the ship was soon to sink,
wildly began to launch tbe dories. The
boats, being insufficient for all, a brutal
scramble for places in them ensued. The
rescued dory was one of the first to clear
tbe snip.
The survivors are ignorant of now many
others got away, but fear very few, be
cause the ship sank within twenty min
utes, and the screams which accompanied
tier disappearance proved only too clearly
how many were carried down to death.
The rescued dory had seven men aboard
when she left the ship. Only one, Gren
ville, the boatswain, was fully dressed,
and the party pushed off in such haste
that they neglected sails, oars, provisions
or water. For four days they were adrift
in this frail craft, every sea sweeping
over them, drenching them to the skin
ana forcing them to continuous bailing,
until they were too feeble to throw out
any more water, and careless whether
they perished or not they packed them
selves closely along the boat's bottom for
warmth. But the keen frost and the sur
rounding icebergs and floes rendered
warmth impossible, and hunger soon
added its terrors. Qeath cut short tbe
sufferings of two of them on the second
day. A few hours later they sighted the
captain's boat, also without oars, drifting
with half a dozen occupants. She re
ported that one of the party was already
dead, and as none of the rest bad since
been heard of it is believed ail were lost.
The boats soon drifted apart. The next
day Grenvllle's boat lost a third man by
death. Tntit night the famished survi
vors ate the flesh Irom the corpse. 'I he
next evening when the party was rescued
the body was almost half eaten. So rav
enous had they become that Captain Eve
and crew of the Victor Olgene, which res
cued them a week ago yesterday, were
horrified at the sight and sank the body
and boat at once.
The four living men were all bereft of
reason and so exhausted that they had to
be hoisted over the snip's side swathed in
blanket-, their bodies being masses of
frott-bitten flesh. When found they were
all lying unconscious in the bottom with
six inches of water surrounding them and
could not stand or speak for days. When
tney reached St. Pierre to-night they had
to be carried ashore on stretchers. Their
limbs are useless, and amputation is
necessary unon every one. This work was
begun by the doctors to-night. It is an
nounced that three may recover, but the
lourth cannot live. Even if the others
pull through it will be legless and arm
less.
The rescuers could lea»n few details
from the survivors. The Victor Olgene
cruised about two days looking for the
other boats, but failed to see any sign of
them, and it is believed they were crushed
by the ice or swamped by heavy storms
which frequently raced since the day of
the disaster. All hope has been virtually
abandoned of other rescues, though nego
tiations have been opened for a sealing
steamer from here to proceed to the sec
tion of the banks where the ship sank.
AFTER THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Kentucky's Attorney- General Opens His
Suit Against the Big Corporation
at Frankfort.
FRANKFORT, Kt., April 27.— The case
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky against
the Southern Pacific Railroad was called
in the Franklin Circuit Court this even
ing before Judge Cantrell by Attorney-
General Taylor. General Taylor stated
that the case was one involving $136,000
against the Southern Pacific for failure to
report, and damages and penalties; that
the corporation had defied the State au
thorities and had refused to comply with
the law; that the statute in the case
against them was plain; that the attorney
for the Southern Pacific had requested
that it be postponed until Friday, as the?
bad expected to settle by that time; that
they bad made the same promise before
and had failed to do so; that their delays
were based upon the advice of some big
official who was quartered away from the
borne office on a technicality; that the
road had repeatedly shirked in this man
ner before and lie would inform tne court
as to its methods; that he would agree to
the delay to Friday, but no longer; that
they were a foreign corporation, having
their existence from the Kentucky Legis
lature, and were subject to the laws of the
State as other such corporations in the
State and were liable to a franchise tax as
other lite corporations, in addition to the
tax on real property; that the Southern
Pacific was one of the most wealthy cor
porations in the United States; that no
estimate could be placed on their fran
chise by reason of the fact that the com
pany had failed and refused to report, but
that its property couid be estimated from
statistics gathered in the various standard
guides or "statistician-," and that he
would not argue the case further than
this brief statement.
The road will demur to his petition and
argument will be made on the demurrer.
THE KOhESHANITY TROUBLE.
Racy Developments in the Case of Editor
Hoyt Against the Alleged Hypr.o
tizer o fHis Wife.
HAVERHILL. Mass., April 27. — The
famous case of £ditor Hoyt of the Bulletin
against Mrs. Dr. Vienna Parsons — mor*
popularly known as the "Koreshanity
Scandal" — was heard before Judge Car'
penter to-day. Startling revelations re
garding this mysterious religion were
made. Mr. Hoyt charges Mrs. Parsons
with hypnotizing his wife and securing
goods on his credit. Mrs. Parsons re
talitates by charging him with improper
relations with a woman noc his wile. Ac
tion for malicious prosecution is now
threatened, as the devotee of Koresnanity
was discharged after making restitution of
the goods in question.
Mrs. Parsons is one of the victims of the
big Koreshauity fiasco in Florida. She
met Dr. Teed of Chicago, the originator
and leader of the new religion, at Mrs.
Hoyt's house, and claims to have given
him $2000, her entire fortune. She then
went to Florida and joined the deluded
colony. Now she has returned penniless,
like lots of other women, all of whom
were more or less wealthy.
Koreshanity ia nothing more nor less
than Dr. Teed. He is head of the church
and took all of the money. Singularly
enough, all of bis flock were women.
He compelled them to take awful vows
o: submission and implicit obedience to
hfm, vows of perpetual poverty, and to
actually worship h:m in ways which
would not bear publicity. Having se
cured all of their money, the worshipful
Teed departed forever, leaving the pov
erty-stricsen converts to beg their way
back to their homes as best they could.
It is said that Teed landed in Boston,
the home of countless other i-ms and
creeds, and is still working on the cred
ulity of some of the wealthy blue-stock
inged women of the modern Athens. Mr.
Hoyt propones to investigate further and
bring about an official expose of the re
ligion in the courts, if possible.
Special Treasury Agenta Discharged.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27— Nine
special employes of the Treasury Depart
ment stationed in various parts of tne
country were dropped from tbe rolls to
day and their positions discontinued. The
explanation is that a smaller force of
special agents can pei form the duties of
that branch of the service satisfactorily.
"OWNEY" BOBS UP AGAIN.
The Famous Mai/car Dog /s Not Dead, as
Reported, but on the Ret /red List
at St. Louis.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— "0w.
ney, " the famous postal dog, is not dead,
as reported, but in St. Louis at the uonie
of J. Melvin, a postal clerk, who will keep
the dog until he dies. Owney has been
a subject of official correspondence be
tween the Postoffice Department and some
of its officials. When Captain White, gen
eral superintendent of the railway mail
service, read that the doc had been killed
by a policeman in Cleveland for attempt
ing to bite a man he wrote Superintendent
Pepper in Cleveland requesting j>n official
report and asking whether the skin could
be mounted for the postal museum here.
Pepper's response, which was received
to-day, says that the dog mentioned was
not Owney, and that the poiicem,:in killed
an ordinary car. The last heard of Owney
rvas that he had gone to Cincinnati to
meet the new superintendent, from which
point he was "routed" to the exposition
at Nashville.
Postal Clerk Melvin saw the story
about Owney's death a few days a^o and
to-day Captain White received from him.
a letter saying that the dog had been m
Melvin's possession for three weeks. Ha
joined Melvin while returning from the
Postal Clerks' Convention at San Fran
cisco. Owney was suffering from a severe
attack of mange and Melyiri determined,
to bold him until cured. The cure baa
been accomplished, but Owney has de
veloped uely traits, due to his advanced
year.-*. He tries to bite everybody ha
doesn't know. Melvin, in his letter, said,
he would like to Keep the dog for the bal
ance of his days. Captain White has
written an official communication grant*
ing the request.
WILJj MB GO TO JPMSOXt
Sugar Trust Chapman* .Fate Xestt
With the District Attorney.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— N0
action has yet been taken by District At
torney Davis toward enforcing the sen
tence passed upon Elverton Chapman, the
contumacious Sugar Trust witness who
was sentenced to pay a fine of $100 and to
be imprisoned for thirty days. The Dis
trict Attorney has not yet had an oppor
tunity to read the decision of the Supreme
Court denying the petition for release, as
the opinion has not been released by the
court. It is thought that Davis will en
force the sentence and then bring the re
maining defendants — Havemeyer, Sey
mour, Searles, McCartney, Schriver and
Ed wards — to trial. Counsel for these
claim that their cases cannot, be brought
within the terms of the Supreme Court
decision, but the Chapman case has all
along been held to be a teat one, and it is
believed that the President will not grant
an application for pardon.
Another Misting Sank. President.
CHICAGO. 111., April 27.— John S.
Sheldon, president of the Sheldon Bank
at L.'iia, 111., has been missing since last
Friday, and it is thought that he com
mitted suicide by jumping into Laka
Midi -pan.
KEW TO-DAT.
There Is room
for other extra fine
food products be-
sides
Baking Powder.
Those who like
"Trophy" will still
more appreciate
Spices and Flavor-
ing Extracts.
li 7 A ' Tillmann & Bendel, Mfn
34
HOSTILITIES MAY
BE SUSPENDED
Greece in Her Extremity
Invokes the Aid of
the Powers.
Edhem Pasha Signifies His
Intention of Marching
on Athens.
Creek Fleet Sighted Off Salonlca,
Where the Wildest Excite
ment Prevails.
LONDON, EKB., April 27.— The Athens
correspondent of the Daily Mail tele
graphs that he learns from a credible
source that a suspension of hostilities has
been decided upon to enable the Ministers
to reconsider their position. He adds
that the Government has already decided
to withdraw the Greek troops from Crete
and to inroue the powers to extricate it
from its difficulty. The correspondent.
declares this sudden change of front
arises from the fact that Edhem Pasha
has signified his resolve to march upon
Athens.
Advices from Arta are to the effect that
the advance of the Greek army into
Epirus has been suspended.
A Cabinet council was held at the For
eign Office to-day for the purpose of dis
cussing the Eastern question. Salisbury,
who is in attendance upon the Queen in
the Riviera, was virtually present through
the courtesy of the French Government,
which placed at his disposal a private
■wire over which was a constant exchange
of cipher dispatches between the Premier
and the Ministers.
The Standard's Athens correspondent
telegraphs an interview to-day with
Delaynnis. When questioned whether it
•was true that the war would be continued
Delyannis said it was the popular decision
that the campaign should be continued,
if by doing so the national honor could
be vindicated. When asked if the Govern-
rr.ent would cease to claim Crete and con
cur in the autonomy of the island under
s European guarantee, Delyannis de
clared thnt this would be contingent npon
Greece obtaining a rectification of the
Thessaiian frontier in accordance with the
treaty of Berhn.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph says:
The crisis in the Ministry of Marine arose
from the reception of a telegram from
Kororakis, a naval officer, saying: "Dur
ing the four days the fleet has spent at
Skiathos (at the entrance to the Gulf of
Volo) we have been betrayed." No ex
planation of the dispatch is given, and
there is much conjecture regarding its
meaning.
ATHENB, Geeece, April 27.— Colonel
Bairaktaris, with 2000 re-enforcements, will
sfart for Epirus immediately.
The King bas assembled the Chamber of
Deputies in i xtraordinary session ana re
quested the leaders of tne opposition to
hoid a conference at the palace.
While the opposition leaders were
closeted with the King in the palace this
afternoon large crowds assembled, cryine
"treason." After the conference Scou
loudis, one of the leaden of the opposi
tion, said that all present at the meeting
had agreed that it was the first duty of the
Government to reorganize the army, what
ever should follow.
A semi-official note has been issued to
the newspapers stating that the King has
informed Prime Minister Delyannis that
ha would refrain in future from interfer
ing with the direction of the campaign.
Levides, Minister of Marine, who is dis
satisfied with the course events have
taken and with the adverse comments of
the populace, resigned his office, but the
King brought pre: sure to bear upon him
and he consented to retain his post for
the present.
The situation early this evening, before
the conference adjourned, was extremely
critical, and the fall of the dynasty is
believed to be seriously threatened.
Crowds of excited people are flocking to
the gunmakers, and there is scarcely a
man to be met who is not armed. Mean
while many prominent men of the capital
are frantically exhortin- the people to
remain calm and preserve order, but with
indlffere.it success.
The downfall of the Ministry seems im
minent. Premier Delyennis declared this
afternoon that the Greek Cabinet would
resign if public opinion continued to
demand more from the King, who has
already done all possible to meet the
requests oi the people.
To-day numerous disorderly outbreaks
occurred at Pirseu«, where the p°ople in
vaded cafes and smashed portraits of the
King.
COPENHAGEN. Denmark. April 27.—
The correspondent of the Daily Mail tele
graphs that the mansion of King George
on his estate at Smidstrup has been pre
pared to receive him should it become
necessary for him to leave Greece.
BERLIN, Germany, April 27.— The Ot
toman Bank having declined to accept the
terms of the Porte, Berlin bankers are
arranging to grant to the Turkish Gov
ernment a private loan of one or two mil
lion pounds.
BALONICA, Turkey, April 27.— The
wildest excitement was created to-day by
a report, which was confirmed later, that
the Greek fleet had been sighted twenty
niiles from the city. The fleet consists of
five ironclads and thirteen smaller vessels,
with torpedo-boats and two transports.
A French mail steamer bound for this
purt wes stopped at the entrance of the
gulf by a Greek warship, but after inspec
tion she was allowed to proceed.
. The Portuguese gunboat Guadiana,
wnicb arrived to-day, reports that she was
intercepted by Greek cruisers twenty miles
from this port. The Portuguese have for
mally protested.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April
27.— 1t, is said hero that the Turkish fleet
has sailed lor Saionica.
hem Pasha has telegraphed from the
front that one division of Turkish troops
is marching upon Volo and another is
pushing on to Trikkala. , ;'V?' . • '
Osman Pasha has been recalled- from
Ttiessalyjind »3 under orders to proceed
to Janina, Epirus. The object of hia'ro
c;-.!I was to avoid hampering the opera
tions of Edhem Pasha. "^i ■
It is reported that four Ruisian war
ships aie within view at the entrance of
the Bosphorus. The Russian embassy has
n semaphore at Beyukdere constantly ex
shanging signals with the Russian snips.
o
GENRRAX, JUILI* Jfjf &OT- GO.
A Speedy Termination of the War Would.
CJianae Jilt Proaratntne. ■
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27— A
JPreas Asiociatiou dispatch, sent from
Washington last Saturday night, stated
that the President had issued orders to
General Miles, commanding the army, to
visit the seat of the Greco-Turkish war.
Ttie Press Association was premature, for
the President has not signed the order
yet, and in view of the speedy termination
of the war may not do bo at all.
Last Sunday's Cali, stated the situation
correctly. General Miles is anxious to go
and Is enthusiastic about it. It may be
that the Secretary of War will send Gen
eral Miles whether the war closes or not,
as the eeneral has expressed a wish to
observe modern military methods in
Europe. If General Milesshould go it is
possible that General Brooks would com
mand the army during his absence.
It l« now conceded mat upon the retire
ment of General Wheaton, in May, Brooks
will be made a major-general. General
Merritt. who is also anxious to observe the
Greco-Turkish war, has ben granted
leav.! tn do so, but in a private capacity.
He is to defray all his own expenses.
WHAT RUSSIA WANTS.
An Interesting ArMclo From a
Sem:-O:f'.clal Organ of the
Czar.
Russia's position in the Creto-Greco-
Turkish situation has puzzlad many, says
the Liter lry Digest. At first she was sus
pec:ed of secret sympatny with Crete and
Greece, but her readiness to resort to coer
cion in the interest of the integrity of the
Sultan's empire has dispelled those euspi
cions. It is believed that she is playing a
waiting name, and \vant9 a greater share
of Turkish territory than immediate dis
solution of the Ottoman empire could
bring her. She is believed to have her eye
on Constantinople. In view of this im
pression, the following editorial from the
<=emi-omcial Novoye Vremya of St. Peters
burg will be read witli interest. That
or^an charges England with duplicity and
bad faith and repels insinuations against
Ruseia. It says:
It Is assumed by many European observers
and politicians that Russia eternally dreams
of occupying Constantinople. In truth,
| Russia's ultimate designs iv the Eastern ques-
I t:on by no means blind her to the immediate
! conti quences of her conduct. To occupy
Constantinople, it is necessary to occupy first
the Bosporus, and this can be done iv one of
these three ways: 1. By force, against the
oonseatof Turkey; 2. with the consent of the
Sultan's Government; and 3, with the con
sent of the powers as well as of the Sultan.
Let us asi, what would become of Constan
tinople in either of these cases? Ofcourse.it
is not always possible to forecast the develop
ment of things, but probability allows us to
make the following suppositions: If we Rus-
I sians should succeed in taking possession of
i the Bosporus by iorce, anarchy would at once
! be inaugurated i:i Constantinople, and the
I Turks would be compelled to emigrate to
j Asia. The signal would be given for appall
j ing massacres and atrocities. At the same
time the various and numerous claimants for
different portions of the Ottoman empire
would hasteu 'o grab the coveted territory.
Turkey would, in fact, be divided— but not
; permanently divided. At first the minor gov
i ernir.euts would acquire their slices, and thea
the great pretenders would step in and effect
a second division. What sort of a Constanti
nople would this situation place in our tos
session? The home and storm-center of civil
war and disorder, requiring the expenditure
oi untold treasure and energy in the interest
of pacification. The whole Turkish empire
would be in a state of anarchy and violent
conflict, with the powers quarreling and
threatening each other over the spoils. Does
anyone seriously imagine that Russia Is at
tracted by such a prospect?
To occupy the Bosporus with the consent
of Juriey is an alternative which we un
doubiedly deem the hipiies; solution of the
present difficulty, so full of menace to both
governments. To Russia it wouid mean the
de'.ivery to Russia of the key to her own
house, while to Turkey it wou'd mean secur
ity and safety. The Sultan's authority would
' be confirmed and assured, and he would be
i freed from the danger of malicious and sub
| terranean plotting. An end would be put to
that incredible situation under which the ab
i surd grimaciug of little Greece is sufficient to
threaten the fall of the empire, But, clearly,
this solution wouM not give us Constanti
nople. Onthecontrary.it would perpetuate
and strengthen the rule of Turkey in that
world-metropolis.
There remains, then, the possibility of oc
j cupying the Bosporus with the consent of the
| European powers. Iv the first place, no such
| consent can be expecteil. England, as a con
| sileratlon for her acquiescence, would de
i mand a compensation which Russia could not
| grant her. In the second p'.ace, supposing this
obstacle to be removed, the occupation of tbe
! Bosporus by Russian furues would involve the
| forcing of the Dardanelles by European fleets;
j aud the effect of such startling news on the
subjects of the Sultan can be realized by Rus
sia alone. European diplomacy is at bottom
incaoableof comprehending the Turkish ques
tion. To it the division of that empire pre
sents itself as a rearrangement of the map;
I but we, who as a nation still live more by feel
| ing aud instinct thaa by reasoning and calcu
lation, know that to dismember Tarkey is to
quarter a living Deinsr. If the Sultan should
fail to raise the banner of the Prophet soino
new Madhi would do it and the tanatlcal
i Turks would fight as they have never fonitht
I yet It is idle to think that a bold nnd united
fronton the part of European Governments
would inspire terror in the Mussulmans and
cause them to hesitate and submit. No. at a
critical period of the supremacy of their race
and faith they would be found united, disci
plined%nd determined to resist to the end.
Moreover, we will say frank;y that Russia
would not trust the European powers in that
supremo emergency. We have witnessed the
European occupation of Crete not without
misgirings and this first experiment in the
direction of concerted action has not been al
together reassuring. How would we regard
tho appearance of European fleets before Con
stantinople? We should Inevitably ask what
European interests were Involved and the
answer would be that the fundamental con
cern of Europe was simply to hamj er Russia
and interfere with her success. The integrity
of no other power is really dependant on the
fate of Constantinople, but it U slmpiy a ques
tion of prestige, and Russia must reserve her
right to Insist on the priority and superiority
of her claims. She is willing to co-operate
with Europe, but it must be understood that
she does not abandon her risht to supremacy.
Russia wants peace and the maintenance of
the status quo, and it is aq error to suppose
that she is insincere on account of her designs
with reference to Constantir.ople. But she
wishes one thing understood— that in the
event of division her claim on Constantinople
is superior to all other claims, chiefly because
in no fewer than six wars Russia, and no other
power, has crushed out Turkish might, eman
cipated millions of oppressed Christians and
dictated the terms of peace right under ihe
walls of the capital. Tliere wa» a time when
some dreamed of removing the capital of the
Russian empire to Constantinople, but they
overlooked the fact that in that city there are
850,000 Turks, Greeks, Armenians and for
eigners. Wo cannot make it our capital, but
it does not folio w thot it belongs to any other
power. Russia alone can solve and decide the
fate of Constantinople.
ARTILLEii* j-ojc SQCTII AFRICA.
Sijniflcant Ordrr of the liritinh War
Oejrnrttnen'..
LONDON, Eng, April 27.— Three Eng
lish batteries of field artillery have been
ordered to embark for South Africa with
in a fortnizht. The order was issued Sat
urday concurrently with the issuance of a
Go-vernment blue book containing the
dispatches which had passed between
Great Britain and the South African Re
public from February, 1895, to Jast Mon
day.
These communications show throughout
the correspondence that Kruger has kept
a firm front in the face of. England's men
aces. England's last request was to re
peal the Transvaal immigration law
which Krnser refused. S"«° Q law
The Birmingham Post, organ of Cham
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, IS9T.
berlain, in an angry article commenting
upon the disoatches, refers to the Trans
vaal Government as shuffling into a posi
tion from which it must be forcibly
ejected.
Luxnoy itXX.tatITJS scaiie.
J>«ttelivra Tind M,,m of Anarchy in
Jhnt Uailway Explo»ion
LONDON, Exg., April 27.— Sensational
reports are currant that last night's rail
way explosion was due to anarchists, and
from the fact that Scotland Yard detec
tives are investigating they are considered
significant. A cylinder containing com
pressed gas, which apparently cau»ed the
wreck, when found to-day showed that it
was burst open from some force outside,
as the steel covering was bent inward.
Above the cylinder angle the frame of the
car is similarly bent. It is believod from
these evidences that dynamite had been
placed between the cylinder and the car
Ira me.
tiOBBBD AM* M I l.Tiri: t ■!>.
<imirt« «M Miners Attacked by Bandit*
in lUrarim.
MEXICO CITY, Mex., April 27.-On
Saturday Edward Callahan of Cleveland,
Ohio, and a metallurgist named Klein
were attacked by hve bandits while on
their way from Ameca to tho Barranca
mine, rbout six miles distant, of which
Callaban ■. is superintendent and part
owner. Kleii: was dead when found
•hortly afterward. Callahan at last ac
counts in a hopeless state. The rob
bers used knives. The authorities are
active and believe the robbers will shortly
be captured. They stole $4'jO.
Kru o *r'i Grandton Acquitted.
PRETORIA. South Africa, April 27.—
Lieutenant Eloff, a grandson of President
Kruger, who was suspended from duty on
March 31 for using language Insulting to
Queen Victoria, and wtiose trial by special
court was subsequently ordered, has been
discharged upon the ground ol conflicting
evidence.
Frightful Unilntorm in *>ex>c 
SAN Lt'lS POTOSI, Mexico, April 27.—
Advices are received of a terrible hail
storm in the Rio Verde Valley. Some of
the hailstones weighed three pounds.
Forty-two persons are said to have been
killed. In one hacienda twelve farm
hands were killed. A great number of
horses and cattle were destroyed.
}firr* 'Jhrnugh the Tuqiti Country.
HKRMOSILLO, Mexico, April 27.— The
Federal Government i 9 taking advantage
of the quiet condition of the Ynqui In
dians to run Government telegrapn lines
through every part of that wild and re
mote country, so that word may be given
at the slightest indication of a hostile out
break.
tiutlrr Committed for Trial.
SYDNEY, >\ 8. W., April 27.— Frank
Butler, who was arrested on the ship
Swanhilda February 2, upon the arrival of
that vessel at San Francisco, on a charge
of having murdered several men in Aus
tralia, was arraigned belore a magistrate
to-day and committed for trial.
Death of n J'rinct.
CARLSRUHE, Germany, April 27.—
Prince Louii "William August of Baden
died thin morning. He had been here a
short time for his health, but his physi
cians did not have much hope of hia ulti
mate recovery.
France Hreo-j nizei Gottdu.
PARIS, France, April 27.— The Govern
ment 10-day granud an exequatur to
Gowdy, the new United States Consul-
Genera!.
Francii Joncph. in /.'intli
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, April 27.—
Emperor Francis Joseph arrived here to
day and was received with great cere
mony.
aaijpa ASlt riEhs BURIED.
An F.xtenttire and IHiaatroua lire at
• Jeirport J**»pt.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., April 27.— As
the result of an extensive tire tbe big
piers of the Chesapeake and Ohio Rail
ro.-.d numbers 5 and 6 are a mass of ruins
with their contents, consisting of a large
amount of miscellaneous freight, and two
steamships, ono sailing ship and a tug
boat are beached.
Several sailors of wrecked vessels are
missing, but in the excitement it is im
possible to obtain their names. The loss
will probably reach $1 500,000. The ves
sels lost were the Norwegian steamship
feolveig, the British steamer Clintonia,
the German sailer J. D. Bischoff and the
tug Wanderer.
3iOM UMEXT TO COAJTEDEHATBB.
J'ff liavi*' /'ok.-.'.--, to Participate in
the Unveiling.
DALLAB. Tkx., April 27.— 0n Thursday
the memorial monument to the Confed
erate dead is to be unveiled. Mrs. Mar
garet Davis Hayes of Denver, daughter of
Jeff Davis, accompanied by her two chil
dren, arrived to-night. The son's name
was changed by special act of the Missis
sippi Legislature to Jefferson Hayes Da
vis, so he might bear his illustrious grand
father's name. When the train arrived
she was met by thousands of old soldiers
with the "rebel yell." The Hayes family
and General Gabell were placed in an
open carriaee and a hundred Confederates
.seized the rope attached to the vehicle
and hauled it to the Oriental Hotel. A
public reception until midnight was held
at the hotel. To-morrow the widow of
"Stonewall" Jackson will arrive.
KUMUVKTI'S BEAItLOCK.
It Will I'robably /Je broken by the Elec
tion of Deboe.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 27.— What
seems to be the final struggle in the sena
torial deadlock is on to-night, and to-mor
row noon wiil tell whether Deboe will be
elected. Governor Bradley to-night se
cured all his forces for Deboe. Every
prominent Kepubllcan in Kentucky whom
he use<i against Hunter is here working.
A secret conference was held to ascertain
if there were any dissensions on arconnt
of the silver letter written by Deboe.
Deboe said the election was garbled, and
aske 1 them to stand by him. He de
clared it was orthodox on sound money.
It is said to-night an open silver pledge
of Deboe will be sprung to-morrow.
While Deboe's election looks foregone it
ii by no means certain.
Granttan Barred from th, Aqueduct.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 27.-Riiey
Orannan was denied admission to the
Aqueduct track to-dsy. He was informed
that the Queens County organization rec
ognized the rulings of the Jockey Club,
and inasmuch as that body had ruled off
Grannan ne would not be perrnlttfd to
enter the grounds. The injunction Gran
nan had obtained was not, in me opinion
of the Queens County Club, applicable to
any other racin • organization. Grannan
so: out for the city by the hrst train, and
his friends predict that he will speedily
Hpply for an injunction against the
Queens County Club.
IKotby Hat a Ughtlng Chance.
RICHMOND, Va., April 27.— Colonel
Mosby's physician says he has a fighting
chance for life. He was placed under
ether to-day and a slight fracture of the
frontal bone was found. No operation is
deemed necessary.
Colon- 1 1-eylon Dead.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 27.-Col.
Jesse Peyton, known as "The Father of
the Centonnial," died at Haddonfield,
N. J. He originated the Centennial Ex
position of 187&
RENEWED RISE
OF THE RIVERS
Rains of the Last Few
Days Cause Fresh
Disaster.
Great Destitution Exists in
Many Parts of Missis
sippi.
At Ottumwa, lowa, Six Hundred
Families Are Driven From
Their Homes.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 27.— The
first break in the lower line of levees oc
curred to-day on the Melrose plantation
at Pinquernine, thirty-nine miles below
New Orleans, on the west bank of the
river. The creva3?e is not large, being
only tifty feet wide, but will do a
deal of harm if left open. Officers of the
La Fourche Levee Board, believing that it
can be closed, began work immediately.
Engineers have made an examination of
the Biggs and Reid crevasses of Mason
Parish, which are close together and part
of the same crevasse. Thoy find that the
two breaks are daily discharging 24,682,
--800.000 cubic feet of water into the Tensas
basin. The water is running through the
Reid ctevasse at the rate of six miles an
hour and through the Biggs break at five
miles an hour.
Officers of the United States relief boats
wnich made trips through the overflowed
parts of Louisiana and .Mississippi report
great destitution in the latter State.
The local levee board to-day borrowed
1100,000 to raise the New Orleans levee.
The La Fourche and Aichaffalaya levee
lines, which have already been raised
once this season two feet, will be raised
another two feet. In the Atchaffalaya
district forty miles of levee will have to be
raised its entire length.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 27.-Only twice
within the authentic history of Northern
rivers has the waier been higher than dur
ing the flood which was beginning to .sub
side last week. But Saturday and Sunday
heavy rains fell throughout the central
and northern valleys of the Mississippi,
and all the rivers were again swelled be
yond high-water mark throughout that
region. The Dcs Kotnm River, Upper
Mississippi, Mi«souri, Illinois, Platte and.
numberless minor streams have over
spread their already water-soaked valleys,
spreading destruction broadcast. At 8t!
Louis this morning the gauge read 28.6
feet — within a foot of the record.
OTTUMWA, lowa, April 27.-The Dcs
Moines River is still dangerously high,
and the gravest fears are felt for the safety
of the city. Nearly (300 families have been
compelled to move because of the levee
breaks.
Work on the levees before the city has
been progressing since last Friday, but the
sudden rise this morning destroyed a great
part of the labor. Large forces are em
ployed to-night in an endeayor to prevent
further breaks. The suburbs have so far
been the worst sufferers, aside from the
railroads. West Ottumwa, a lar<re resi
dence section, is entirely flooded and the
water is still rising. The inoabitants cling
to their homes, howevbr, hoping that the
worst is over.
Rich farming landsaboveand belowthls
city are inundated. The flood there has
not reached a high stage, but has spread
out in many places to a width of five to
mx mile*. No loss of life has been re
ported, but the damage to property will be
very large.
WARSAW, 111.. April 27.— A break oc
curred in the levee of the Hunt Drainaee
District this morning and from a crevasse
of six feet quickly widened to 100 yarJs
to-nieht. A great volume of water is
pouring into the Hunt and Lima Lake
districts, and 20,000 acres of farm land
will be submerged. There are also thou
sands of bushels of corn cnbbsd in the
district. On the Missouri side the Dcs
Moines River to-day cut through the
Egyptian levee six miles above the river's
mouth and is now flowing across the
country, threatening to cut a new chan
nel to the Mississippi. The latter stream
is now live miles wide at this point.
MOTOHM.i.\ CKUsHEIi TO DEATH.
Bit ltrathtr t Samuel Hutrhtson, a Dairy
man of him City.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo April 27.
William Hutcheson, a motorman on the
Spruce-street line, was run down and in
stantly killed to-night. He wai attempt
ing to replace the trolley, which had left
the feed wire, but had reversed his control
lever too lar. When the trolley was reset
the car lurched backward, throwine
Hutcheson under the whee which
cruihed his chest. The dead man was 30
years of age and unmarried. The only
relative he has in America is a brother,
Samuel Hutcheson, wno Is connected with
a dairy in San Francisco. .
Another liiij Strike Threaten* Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., April 27.— The demands
for Increased wage scales by four unions
in the building trade* will probably resnlt
in a suspension of work on every struct
ure in course of erection in Chicago on
Saturday. All union plumbers, bridge
and structural iron- workers, junior steam
fitters, hod-earners and building laborers
w.ll strike, and thoutands of workers in
other trades will be forced into idleness.
Came to JAfe. Jnit in /l»i-.
SEYMOUR, Ind. April 27.— Saturday
afternoon Jonn Waggoner, aged 88, sup
posedly died from old ace. I'hys cians
pronounced him dead and relatives of the
family arrived Sunday for the funeral.
Sunday afternoon the body showed signs
of life. Yesterday a slight breathing was
noticeable, and this morning he had suf
ficiently recovered to talk to the family.
in Sttidtf a South American Peat.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 27.— Professor
Laurence iSruner of the University of Ne
braska sailed to-day for Buenos Avres :or
the purpose of studying the species of
locust which with within a year has in
fested several provinces of Argentine and
Uruguay and almost ruined the agri
cultural interests of both countries.
steering CommVUea Hard at Work.
WASHINGTON. I). C, April 27.— 80 th
the Republican and Democratic steering
committees are hard at wore making up
Jists of Senate committee alignments for
tlieir respective parties. They hope to
complete their labors and submit a full
likt to the Senate on Monday.
7/mr.«(i>»i Proteata.
WASHINGTON, D. C, A.pril 27.—
Hawaiian Commissioner Thurston has
submitted a formal argument against the
abrogation of the Hawaiian treaty to the
Senate Finance Commitiee. He contends
that such abroeatiou would throw into I
confusion the mercantile interests exist
ing between the island? and the States and
would ruin not only many Hawaiian citi
zens, but ereat numbers of Americans
who have invested nearly $40,0C0.000 in
faith of the treaty.
MUSBI'S flOHt IXG CBAXCE.
Fhyticiana Think II- Ban an Even Show
to Pull Through.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 27.— A
special from Cuariottesville, Va., says:
The condition of Colonel John S. Mosby,
who lies ill at the University Infirmary,
due to an accident on Friday in being
thrown from a buggy, seems to have im
proved. The medical attendant in charge
considers that he is decidedly better. He
is conscious and has been discussing his
business affairs this morning. He is suf
fering no rain and there is greater hope
for his recovery than has existed at any
time.
Dr. Hunter McGuire of Richmond came
up and spent the afternoon in consulta
tion with Dr. Hueh T. Neison, the physi
cian in charge. Ether was used to admit
of an examination of the fracture of the
frontal bone, and the result was that the
physicians deeMed that there was no
ne<?d for an operation.
Dr. MiGuire expressed the opinion that
the patient stood about an equal chance
somewhat in favor of recovery, if any
thing.
Colonel Mosby passed a comparatively
easy day yesterday and is resting quietly.
During most of the time since the acci
dent tie has been conscious, but his mind
has appeared to wander at frequent inter
vals. His two sons— Beverly 0. Mosby of
Salt Lake City and John S. Mosby Jr. of
Denver, Colo.— have both been wired to
come on, as Colonel Mosby's condition is
not as promising as the family had hoDed
it would be at the present time. The
other members of his family are now
here, and the entire infirmary building
hat Deen turned over to them lor their use
while at the university.
OF ISTERb.ST JO IHE COAST,
Patent* Is turd to Jnventora and J'en
•4mm to Union Veterans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.—Cali
fornians in Washington— F. Evans, San
Francisco, Riggs House; H. L. Elvers,
San Francisco, the ohoreham.
J. C. Waller of San Francisco has tiled
an application for appointment as ex
aminer of drugs of the Pacific Coast
Patents issued : Jacob E. Bartel, Asto
ria, Or., ink fountain; George A. and R.
F. Dunn, Dinuba, Cal., revolving spray
ing apparatus;' Medorem W. Greer,
Menlo Heights, Cal., fastening device for
doors and windows: William T. Gregg
(assignor of one-half to Cary Bros.),
j Lodi, Cal., automatic sash lock; Bern
hardt E. Henriksen, San Francisco,
toy; Stephen C. . Houghton, San
Francisco, folding footstool; Magnus P.
lsberg and E. H. Bergqaist, San
Francisco, tiy-trap; Joseph Mait, Oak
land, gold-saving device; Michael L.
Mery, Chico, ' Cal., cooling device for
piston rods; Richard G. Sneath, San
Francisco, apparatus for cooling, aerat
ing and evaporating fluids; Ernest H.
Wagener, Modesto, Cal., gang-plow.
tensions Californi a: Original — Wilson
S. Bailey, San Francisco; William C.
Reives, Elsinore. Increase — John Meyer,
San Diego; William False, Redding.
Original widows, etc. — Mary E. Erles
berger, Pasadena.
Oregon: Original— lsaac Higgins, Dex
ter.:;/. '
Washington: Original — John Weikerle,
Enumclaw. Increase — William B. Fris
bee. Original widows, etc— Minors of
Mortimer Lewis, Tacoma.
HILL PROMOTE S M COG I. /_> G.
One of the Kffreti of the iteur Canadian
Tariff Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— There
is no doubt in the minds of the treasury
officials charged with the conduct of the
customs revenue service that the new
Canadian tar.ff, with its features preferen
tial to Great Britain, will largely develop
the practice of smuggling British goods
into the United States. Tariff changes in
the United States or Cannda always have
an effect on smuggling.
"It is an inevitable law that an increase
in tariff rate* produces smuggling," said
a treasury < frichil to-day. "Small articles
easily handled will form the bulk of
smuggled wares"
The customs officials say that diamonds,
sealskiru and opium are the principal
things for which they must watch. It is
likely tnat the force of special customs
agents along the frontier will be increased.
Pacific <<> >il /Vxtion..
WASHINGTON, D. C, April '27.—Pa
cfifl Coast pensions have been issued as
follows:
Californis: Original— Henry Ohanley,
Bhasta; Andrew Mitesell, Lakeport; An
drew Uriggs, San Francisco; Peter John
son, Burrough Mitchell Blair, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles; Moses Wiley, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles. Restoration
and reissue — Peter Riley (dead), Point
Arena, Original widows, etc. — Electa
Riley, Point Arena; Maria Lyons, San
Francisco.
Oregon: Oricinal— William E Brownell,
Kl-iti; John G. Pansier, Roseburg.
Washington: Original— Harvey H. Hud
son, Orcas Island.
Another f-rre l oinnga Jtill.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 27.— A
message from the President, transmitting
the report of the commission appointed
to re-mark the boundary between the
United States and Mexico, west of the
Bio Grancle, was read in the House to
ddy and reterred. Bils were introduced
by Wheeler (D.) of Alabama for the
fr*»e coinage of silver and by Jone?
(FuMonist) of Washington regulating the
carriage of newspapers in the malls.
//•ni'iilirin Seeking Annexation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— Two
HawaJians, N. A. Armstrong and W. A.
Ksnney. are here to learn the prospects
tor annexation. They say that they are
in no sense representatives of the Dole
Government, but came to Washington on
their own hook. They will see Secretary
Sherman and probably President McKin
ley. They will also canvass the Senators
on the chances for ratification of the
treaty of annexation.
Supreme Court to Takea Jteeeu.
WASHINGTON, I>. C, April 27.— Chief
Justice Fuller to-dfcy announcad that the
Supreme Court would take a recess on
Friday next until May 10. On that day
opinions will be delivered and motions
heard and another recess taken until
May 2i, when the court will finally ad
journ for the term.
aio>TKttt.Y I '•» VK.\XIOHS.
Ttco Contrivance* II ti.ch Are T>eaijne<%
. to Itrgnlate lime Fiee*s.
MONTEREY. Cal., April 27.— Joseph
Ehulte Jr., a watchmaker of this place
has suddenly blossomed into an inventor
o! no mean ability, and his inventions (of
which there are two) seem destined to
be of great benefit to the world at large
and the clock-making fraterniry in par
ticular. T. J. Field, a local capitalist,
has bought a half interest in all rights
and privileges of one of the' inventions,
an automatic clock rpgulator, and patents
have been anDlied lor in this country,
Canada and Great Britain.
Shulte's oiher invention aIHO relates to
clocks, and is an automatic beater. By it
a pendulum clock will remain in perfect
beat no matter whether it hangs on the
waU, Bt*ods upon a shelf or is tipped to
one side till the ball of the pendulum
strikes the wall or ihe side of the case,
and this resalar . beat is automatically
found by the pendulum. The present
day pendulum clocks run very badly and
sometimes not at all if they are ihe least
bit crooked, either as to their position or
I tho situation of the work« in the case, but i
Shulte claims that his contrivance will
overcome all such defects. He says his
improvement may be ma>lc so cheaply as
to be within the reach of all.
PETALUMA'S LADY MINSTRELS.
Gratifying Success of the "Imprudent
C üb's " First Appearance As Burnt
Cork Art: sis.
PETALUMA, Cal., April 27.— "Coiffure
sans chapeaux" was the rule of the bril
liant house which greeted the ladies of
the "Imprudent Club," as they have
styled themselves for the minstrel season
in their advent into coondom. After the
orchestral overture the curtain roll
ing up disclosed two tiers of ladies in
burnt cork, save the interlocutor, who
was au naiurel, all in remarkably fetching
costumes. That of the six "end-men" was
of brilliant-colored cheese cloth skirts, a
la skirt-dancers, white shirt fronts, choker
collars with lon- pointed ends ana mon
strous pointed cuffs to match, while the
costume of the chorus consisted of white
duck skirts, shirt waist with broad, black,
horizontal strifes and mammoth buttons,
all so suitable and attractive in appear
ance that even the most critical could find
nothing i.nmodest about the garb.
The whole performanca was remarfcablv
good; the local hits told every time and
encores were frequent. The greatest se
crecy wa<« observed as to the identity of
the individual performers. All of the
specialties were fine.
Great credit is certainly due to the lady
managers, for the performance went along
as smoothly o.s though the performers
were old hands «t the business. After the
performance a large part of the audience
adjourned to Armory Hall, where dancing
was indulged in and the ladies served re
freshments.
•
San Xn fuel's Contented Eltetlon Case.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 27.— Edwin
Gardner, who was elected City Recorder
by a majority of four votes over J. F.
Schottler, has secured a writ of prohibi
tion from the Superior Court against the
Board of Town Trustees and his unsuc
cessful opponent preventing them from
interfering with his right to hold the
office. Schottler had previously filed a
contest with the Trustee". The vote at
the late election stood 298 votes for Gard
ner, 294 for Schottler. A number of bal
lots xvsre thrown out for irregularities
and Schottler believes be lost a number of
vot<as in this way which he should have
had counted for him and which would
have elected him.
Tretno Xorf Accidentally Shot.
FRESNO, Cal., April 27.— Robert
Spence, a lad of 16 yeais, accidentally
shot and killed himself with a shotgun
last night at his home In Scandinavian
Colony, fonr miles east of this city. The
young man had been hunting and rode
home with a friend. When he alighted
from the vehicle Spence pulled the «un
by the muzzle after him. The hammer
caught and discharged the load, which
the unfortunate boy received fall in the
breast.
Steamer* to Vorinto.
SAN DIEGO, Ual., Ai rU 27.— 1t is now
practically assured that °an Diego is to
have a steamship line down the coast as
Jar as Corinto, Nicaragua. The Lower
California Development Company of En
senada is behind the project and the line
will be run in connection with the Santa
Fe Railroad. Two steamers of 800 tons
capacity will be put on as soon as possible
and more will be added when the trade
demands it.
Welcomed to Mill Valley.
MILL VALLEY, Cal.. April 27.-A re
ception waa tendered to-night by the
people of Mill Valley to the Rev. Mr.
Ysrrow. who takes the Rev. John Rea's
place as pastor of the Congregational
church. The affair was thoroughly en
joyable and t!ie new minister was quite
royally received. The reception took
place in the new chnrch building.
PLT-OASTING AT THE PARK.
Good Showing: Made by Anglers at
Stow l.ak .
The most interesting thing going on at
the park Sunday was the fly -casting
contest. It was the sixth of the thirty
! events which are to decide who will pos
sess the three gold medals offered by the
club. Some very fine throws were made,
but the best one, unfortunately for the
thrower, was made after (he contest was
over, li was made by W. D. Mansfield
and reached 107 feet. This lacked only
one and a half feet of equaling the cham- i
pion throw of the world, which is 108^
feet, and was recently made here by Mans
field.
There were three different contests yes
terday. Event number one, for long dis
tance t l . rowing, was won by W. D. Mans
field— feet. The second event, for dis
tance and accuracy, was won by John P
Babcock— 93]4 feet. The third event, for
delicacy and accuracy, was won by F. H.
Reed— feet. There were fifteen con
testants.
Cantain Bachelor says the club averages
better than any in the United States'
They have a dozen members who can
throw 85 feet and over, and there are
ruanv who excel in delicacy. r%
■ . >■ •■ ■ ■- "
It is stated that the falling off in the
demand for cigars in the United States
lnst year amounted to 7,000,000, and this
los* is lareply credited to cycling.
XEW TO-DAY.
sick nor meet death,
but wishing and hoping won't help him.
It is what he does, and not what he
wishes that serve his purpose. If a man
is losing flesh, and is nervous, irritable,
sleepless and debilitated, he may wish he
would get well, but one bottle of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery will
do more than an ocean of wishes/ If a
man is on the way to consumption, he
should make a stop as quickly as pos-
sible. He should put on brakes. He
needn't be afraid he has consumption if
he will do the right thing— if he will
just take the right medicine. The "Gold-
en Medical Discovery " cures incipient
and well developed consumption. Con-
sumption is a germ disease and a blood
disease. The "Golden Medical Dis-
covery " kiljs the germs and purifies the
blood. It increases the appetite, helps
digestion, makes assimilation perfect,
and so builds up solid, wholesome flesh.
Hundreds of grateful people afflicted
with consumption, bronchial, throat and
kindred diseases, have testified that it
has actually saved their lives. For the
sake of the information they contain,
some of these letters have been included
in Dr. Pierces Comroon Sense Medical
Adviser, a thousand page, illustrated
book, which will be sent free on receipt
of twenty -one (21) one-cent stamps to
pay for mailing only. Every family
should have a copy for ready reference
in case of sudden sickness or accidents.
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
No. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
SPANIARDS SLAY
WOUNDED CUBANS
Then Burn Their Bodies
to Destroy All the
Proofs.
One of the Most Dastardly
Crimes Since the War
Commenced.
Insurgents Raid a Small Town and
Capture a Portion of the
Garrison-
HAVANA. Cub\, April 27.— A Spanish
battalion under General Soria has com
mitted one of the most shocking crimes in
Cuba since the beginning of the war. The
Cuban hospital at La Guana Matagua,
province of Matanzas, was attacked last
Friday by the battalion and sixty wounded
and sick men, together with three women
and five children, were slain by the sol
diery. To destroy all proofs of their bar
barity the Spaniards burned the bodies of
their victims *nd the house in which the
hospital was established.
Colonel Hernandez raided the small
town of Nicolas, ten miles from Havana,
Sunday night, capturing four officers and
eighteen privates from the earrison and
killing fourteen. He secured a large
amount of supplies. The Spanish garri
son was drawn out of the fort by false in
formation and the insurgents swept down,
putting them to rout. The blockhouse
was burned.
Of the $15,000,000 which, as reported yes
terday, will be the sum total of revenues
collected in Cuba by the Spanish Govern
ment this year, only $5000 is assigned to
taxes raised in the country districts,
which proves how completely the Span
iards have lost all control over the island
outside of the fortified towns.
The most valuable collection of stamps
in Russia belongs to a Mr. Mreitfoss of
St. Petersburg. It is arranged in over 100
volumes and is valued at 1,000,000 rubles.
A DREADFUL SECRET
Is a secret which one is afraid to
think of even when alone. It is
the kind of secret that makes man
«hudder and wish it had never
happened. "Wishing don't count
nowadays. Perhaps wishing never
did count. You must act. You
must get rid of your skeleton. You
must be boys no longer. You must
b* a real man. Now, to return to
true manhood is no easy project.
It requires will to make up your
mind. Then you have to seleot
the right cure, the best cure, the
cure that will keep you cured— and
that's no easy task. Every butcher
who fails in butchering tafres to
pilling. Every painter who fails
to paint signs for others paints a
doctor sign for himself and buys 8
big black hat. lie needs- the hat
as bad a3 the sign. It is a pity,
too. But, to return, you want
your manhood again. Now, here
are 10,000 reasons in a single reason
why you should be cured by the
Hudyan remedy treatment —
cause
HUDYAN HAS
Cured 10.000 men on the Pacific
Coast, and these 10,000 have writ-
ten 10,000 testimonials, and these
10,000 testimonials can be had by
you if you want to see them.
Some of these testimonials are on
file only to be looked at. O hers
are printe.i. Send for printed
ones. Send for circulars and testi-
monials about Hudyan. No one
else can give you Hudyan. You
set it from Hudson or you don't
get it.
Hudyan will put you back to the
days of youth, to the days of cour-
age. Hudyan will make the shadow
of a man a real, live, breathing
man. Hudyan is not in a bottle,
it is not a patent medicine. -It is
a perfected treatment. Hndyan •
w 11 cure you no matter how much
you have lost. It is certain to
cure. It never has failed to cure.
Consult Hudson Doctora free.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
DR. WONG WOO,
Chinese Drug, Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
770 Clay, 15ft. Kearny and Oupont.
I have lont; been a suffer-
er from troubles of ilia : ' im
stomach, liver and kid- /^lS*&>v
jieys. The medicines of Kfc£SpHnjA
the different doctors who S^"*^*^^W
treated me only aggravated " ye?v c?
.the disease. In el?nt weeks feN J"^ W
lir. Wone -'Woo, the Chi- ' Wl *^ U
neie doctor, succeeded In < li r '* r V
"bringing nbout. a perfect \w"'.#4.
cure, and lam now In ihe .Mr^l^lti.
test of health, l recom- -V^^S^^n^Nw
mended him to my country- S^y*O!p^Ks
den, the 1 lallans. *JwWWS,WI lW^
AMADF.O IMBOUKV. ' ' 'f/£ll\'i%'S\fV^
18J1 -Mission s\ • '? "''■'. *
. Hours -9:30 to 11 a. m., ;3O to 3, 7to9p. v.
dr. mqnulty;
n'lirs '.vKi.r, k.vowx and ukliable or.i-.
L BpetJaiiBt e ure«PrivateJ!fervoD»,BlooffaiidBkta
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Ov.er
years' experience. Send for Book, free. .Patients
cured at Jtome. Terms reasonable. ! Honr*. 9 to 3
dailv:6:.iO ioB.«fv i:s. Sundays, 10 to li. Consulta-
tlou free and sacredly conndeiitial. Call oradSress
P. noscoi: 3i€-xiTi.,TY, w; l>.,
26 1 Kcniny Slrr<-i,.Saii frinni«tu. Cnl.
DDIICUrC X BARBER* BAK-
yllUWllbU nouses. . bUllird - tablel
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cauner?
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, naniii
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorie* ataSiL
mea tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc *•<«••
„,„...; BUOUANAX BUGS.,
Cru»li Manufacturer.. 609iiacraing t«^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINOTON BT3 n»
modeled and renovated. KINu. WAKD ioS"
European plan. Koorus 500 to «1 50 pc » dar +> ■
to *tt p« r weeic. $H to i*\) per montn: Jrea^ n«ih
not aud cola water every room! nr irratZ •'•
iwy room: vlevaiur rutM aUnisai, •*•*•■ '■•
NOTARY PUBUcT"
* J- HKXRY. AITOKNEY-Al-I AW 9^
■tiaeu lelephone ''inne" 2691. c * le ' 5U i#uPYLE WAS
SLAIN AS
HE SLEPT
Not by Footpads Was
the Castaic Officer
Murdered.
MAN HE BEFRIENDED IS
UNDER ARREST.
Ed McCamish Charged With
the Death of the Brave
Constable.
BACK OF THE CRIME IS A TALE
OF LOVE.
The Accused Prisoner Said to Have
Been Enamored of His
Friend's Wife.
VENTURA, Cal., April 27.— The arrest
of Kd McCamish and the developments
which warranted it put a new and sensa
tional face upon the murder of Constable
McCoy Pyle of Castaic Saturday morn- ;
Ing. Very strong evidence indicates that |
McCamish deliberately planned the roar- ;
der of the man who was his best and clos- !
est friend and carried out the plan in j
cold blooi. The theory of the arresting j
officers in regard to the motive is that Mc-
Camish was in love with I'yle's wife. The
odd feature of this story, the theory being
correct, is that Mrs. Pyle enjoys the best
of reputations and is not believed to have
returned the murderer's affection, but on
the contrary to have been thoroughly in
Jove with her husband.
McCamish is in jail in this city. From
extreme self-confident volubility his man
ner has changed to morose suilenness. Con- I
fronted with the evidence that ttie story !
he told of having been sandbagged and j
robbed was false, he declined to mate j
any explanation, nor does he now insist )
upon the truth of his original story of the I
murder of Pyle.
McCoy Pyle wa3 a constable living in
Fillniore. He was awakened early Friday
morning by McCamish, who, apparently
laborinc under excitement, declared be
had been beaten into insensibility by two
men who had broken into his cabin while
he slept; that they had robbed him of his :
clothes and jewelry and made their es
cape. He said the robbers had cut their j
way through a wire screen over his win- j
dow; that in their assault upon him they i
had used a sandbar, and that he had lain
for two hours insensible.
Pyle had made somewhat of a reputa- j
tion as a trjlef-c^tcher and found much I
satisfaction in it. Eacer for an oppor- ■
tunity to add to it he accepted McCam- i
ish's story without suspicion, for he
looked upon the man as his friend. The
two started at once to search for the j
robbers. At McCamish's suggestion they |
role on a train to Sausus, some twentv
five miles south of Fillmore, with the in
tention of waiting the track back toward
that place. That night they camped at
the little box station at Castaic,
According to McCamisb, the killing of
Pyle came about in this way: They had]
arranged that one should stand guard j
while the other slept At about 4 o'clock '
in the morning, while he (McCamisb) was \
on guard, two men came down the track,
both carrying bundles. McCamish awak- |
ened Pyle, and the latter commanded the !
two to throw ud their hands. They did i
6o and McCamish stepped forward and
snapped handcuffs upon one of the men.
At this the other tired and Pyle fell. The
robber fired upon McCamish and then he
and his companion started to run. Mc-
Camish shot four times, and one of the
fleeing roobers, when some distance away,
cried that he was shot, dropped his i
bundles, stopped to pick them up again,
continued running and both made their
escape.
McCamish says he returned to Pyle to
discover that he had been shot ttirough
the eye and killed instantly. He made
his way to ths ranch of John Arnot, about
a half mile away, and gave the alarm.
Twenty-five vaqueros stationed there took
to tne field and began ih* search that con
tinued until Sheriff Chariebois of this
city, upon evidence tuat. he be.ieves war
ranted it, arrested McCnmish himself for
the muruer.
Officers from this county and from Los
Angeles went at once to the scene of the
murder and began a thorough and sysie- I
matic search for evidence. They found the i
tracks of two men about the little station [
box at Castaic. They could find no sign j
of four. The Stone brothers, famous for ■
their knowledge of woodcr..tt, dec'ared i
their inability *.o find the trail of more
than two men. Under Sheriff Andrew
Snodgrass, with Ed Miller and John S
Graham, went to the scene from this
place, interviewed McCamish and re
turned here to impart suspicions that had
been created in their minds to Sheriff j
Charlebois. They could find no mark
upon McCamish of the rougti usage he
had received, according to bis own story,
at the hands of the burglars. They dis
covered that the wire netting over the
window of liis shanty had been cut from
lb«* inside.
Then, too, McCamish was not acting
jusi as ).e imjcht be expected to under the
circumstances. He was accompanied by
& brother of the dead man in his search
for the supposed murderers, and the reck* j
less manner i:i which he traveled tbroach I
the brush caused surprise. His comments j
about the number of crows in tiie sky and '
the height of the alfalfa through which
they passed caused young Pyle to remark !
that he seemed to be giving little thought
to the serious business in which they were
engaged.
AH these things coming to the ears of
Sheriff (Jnarlebois, he went to Fillmore
yesterday. The Coroner's inquest had
been held, the murdered man.* remains
had been buried the day before, his widow
and three children had gone to live with
Mrs. Pyle's mother at Santa Pauia and
the sensation of the hour was quieting
down. McCamish had given some inti
mation of an intention to leave the coun
try. Dally Lindburger engaged him, by
direction of the Sheriff, to look after some
Btock. by way of keeping him in tne
neighborhood, allaying any suspicion he
might have while engaged in the hills
wi;h his new occupation.
The .Sheriff effected an entrance to Me-
Camitb'a cabin and male a thorouch
search of the premises. He had first pro
cured from McCamish a iist of the ar
ticles alleged to hare been stolen from
him. He found hidden away in corners
nearly all of the articles so listed, nmone
ihem a hat, a necktie, a shirt, a pair of
sleeve-buttons, ami, down at the bottom of
a trunk, the handcuffs belonging to Pyle.
which lie had declared the rnbber had
carried away on his wrists. This, to
gether with some information that
seemed to offer a motive for the killing,
deci-Jed the Sheriff upon making the ar
rest. He took John Graham with him.
Tfcey expected t:ie mini in irom the hills
at -io'cock. He usually tied his horse at
a stable in front of an old churcl: on the
I main street at Fillmore. The officers took
a station just Inside the doors of the
| church and waited. McCamish came up
: on the horse, but he did not tie up at the
j church, lut continued down the street. A
I man stepped up to speak to him and he
. stopped.
••This is as good a time as any," said
Charlebois, and the two walked out to
where McCamish sat on his horse. Plac
ing his hand on the bridle and pulling his
revolver the Sheriff told him to t^row up
his hands. Instead of doinsr so McC«tni«U
reached for his revolver. The Sheriff put
! his weapon up for action, and called upon
! the fellow to put up his hands quickly.
j He did so and then under orders climbed
i down irom his horse.
In an instant, almost, the street was
crowded with people, who seemed to un
derstand about the circumstances. MO
i Caruish, wearing hanicnft-, was put into
i the Sheriff's bogey, and the otiicers
brought him over the twenty-hvf miles
intervening between this city and bill
more in two hours and a half. He did
not deem it wise to leave the man In r ill
more for the three hours that he would
have to writ for a train, as the old
ranchers, who had been hunting for the
I murderers for several days under Mc
taraish s directions, were already talking
violence. ......
During his long ride McCamish made
no renioTistrance. nor did he ask any ques
tions as to tne cause of his arrest. AS hen
visited to-day at the jail by The Call
correspondent be threw himself upon his
cot, drew a blanket over him, so that even
his face was hidden, and refused flatly to
discuss the subject from any standpoint,
: saying that he would tell his story "at
; the proi)er time." He is a strongly built
young fellow of about i>4, with Hght hair
and eyes and complexion. His dress is
that of a cowboy, with top boots and som
brero.
Under Sheriff Snodgrass said to-day:
[ "The evidence nil indicates that McCam
i isu shot Pyle while the latter was asleep.
I Pyle was a man who could sleep soundly
; under any conditions if he wanted to. He
■ would drop off to sleep in a moment. I
; am convinced that this fellow deliberately
h hi a revolver to his face while he was
insensible and pulled the trigger. The
j face was marked with powder, showing
that the revolver was close to it. Mc-
Camish would never have done it while
Pyle was awake, for Pyle was a brave
man, quick as a flash, while McCamish
has the reputation of being an arrant
coward. Pyle, under the impression that
ho was hunting down the men who had
beaten and robbed McCamish, was led by
the latter to his death."
It is common talk in Fillmore and has
I been for a long time that Ed McCamish
| was deep y in love with Mrs. McCoy Pyle.
j Mr?. Pyle is a remarkably line looking
! young woman of about -A. She is of a
I sunny disposition and admired by every
body. She is equally respected. McCam
ish. however, sought to ingratiate himself
into her favor by every means possible.
All this time Pyle reckoned him am >ng
his friends, and when McCamish became
sick and th»re was no woman in his bach
elor quarters to look after him he had him
brought to his own home. For tv. o
months he lay there, waited upon and
| nursed by Mrs. Pyle. The physic. an who
I was called in was unable to discover what
! ailed the man, or that anything ailed him.
As week alter week went by and he did
j not get well, nor was found to be sick, it
j came to be whispered that he was adopt
i ing this extraordinary mean*, of working
' upon the sympathy of ihe woman he loved.
i McCamish left the PyJe household only
a few weeKs ago to return to his little
J bachelor den, just across the street. He
■ lived in a lutie room back of a cobbler's
i shop, where he "batched." The room is
i rilled witn all sorts of odd* and ends, that
i make it look like a junksbop. lie has
! lived this way for years.
Well buiU, rather good-looking. Me
| Camish has not been a favorite with
j women. It is recalled that some time ago
he was desperately in love with a young
Spanish woman of Fillmore, and pursued
her with attentions, despite her constant
effort to suppress him. From her he turned
to Mrs. Pyle, and if the theory of the offi-
I cers be correct his passion there led him
j under the shadow of the gallows.
The scene of the murder is just three
I miles over the county line, and ail the
! parties to the tragedy belong here. The
1 murderer will be taken to Los Angeles for
trial. The olliceri will take him down on
the morning train.
BERING SEA CONDITIONS.
Dr. Jordan of Stanford University Believes
the Remnant of the Seal Herd
Will Be Protected.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., April
27.— Dr. Jordan was seen to-day regarding
the proposed trip to Alaska in connection
with the fur seal?. He expects to leave
early in July and return on August 25.
The two commissions which investigated
the subject last year have not disagreed
as to tne facts of the case, so far as
known. Great Britain asks that the ratio
of decrease should be definitt-ly known,
as a factor in the ultimate settlement.
It is apparent, first, that the fur seal
herd is already practically commercially
ilestroyed both on land and sea. This
has brought with it the ruin of the seal
skin industry. Only especial care of the
herd and the exercise of great business
sagacity can ever restore this business.
The killing of the females is the
oulv element that has entered into the
destruction of the herd. If the Christian
peopie of England and America realized
th<» full meaning of pelagic sealing, its
cruelty to noble animal life and its cross
wastefulness, not another schooner would
be allowed to clear from any civilized port
for this unnatural quest.
C. S. Harnlin, late Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury and now special comraissoner
of the treasury, is in consultation with
I> . Jordan and Professor Chirk on the
subject. Both Mr. Hamlin and Dr.
Jordan are confident that ample protec
lion will be eventually accorded the seal
j herds.
ItAK EKHPI KL.lt JVMOR JAILED.
Itrlayn a Case by t anting Into Court
Jntorimtrd.
BAKKRSFIELD. Cal., April 27.— Judge
Mahon of the Superior Court this nfter
noon during t!ie progress of a ciiminal
trial fined C. Wirth, a juror, $&0 and sen
tenced him to spend twenty-four hours in
jail for Leiiiß intoxicated. In the fore
noon court was adjourned on account of
Wirth's "exuberance." He was warned
to sober up by the afternoon session, but
instead imbibed more, and in consequence
met with the aforementioned punishment.
Wirth is a prosperous rancher of the
mountain district.
Santa Cruz Tlieatrienl It'nr/it.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 27.—Ar
rangements were made to-day by Lieuten
ant A. A. Morey, Fourth Gun Division,
Naval Battalion, N. G. CL, for the produc
tion by the Modjesk.i Company of "As
You Like It" in one of the beautiful parks
of this city. The company is n c one that
played at tbo Kia.e Capitol grounds at
Sacramento, and is under the manage
of E. J. Fitzpatrick. The proposal to act
for the bent-tit of the naval reserves as ac
cepted by Lieutenant Morey was a very
liberal one.
Witrnhip* at ><im(.-i Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 27.— The
Mo!iuui:oc£ and the Monterey arrived this
afternoon at f> o'clock from Santa Bar
bara. They put in lor mail and supplier,
and will remain until to-morrow night
and perhaps until Thursday. Then they
will go to San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
FROM PRISON TO
MARRIAGE ALTAR
Arizona Assassin Weds
a Divorcee From San
Francisco.
The Woman Attracted by His
Portrait in the Daily
Papers.
Seeks Out the Murderer and Be
comes His Wife After He
Is Liberated.
STOCKTON, Cal.. April '21.— 0n De
cember 1 last Nashville Franklyn Leslie,
civing his residence a 9 San Carlos, Ariz.,
took out a license in this city to marry
Mrs. Belle Stowell, whose residence was
put down upon the license as Warren
County, I!l. Ho and the woman there
upon sought out Justice Parker and wore
wedded. L?slie told the Justice a roman
tic story, but it was not half as romantic
as the truth would have been. He eaid
that he was an Indian scout, and stated
further that he and his bride were going
to China for a honeymoon trip. He
promised to send the Justice a curiously
wrought cane from the Orient as a me
mento.
Nothing more was heard of the couple
until this forenoon, when a San Francisco
detective walked into the County Clerk's
office and asked to see the stub of the li
cense-book. He then called upon Justice
Parker and the true romance became
known.
Lsslie was an Indian scout, as he repre
sented himself to be, but he came to Stock
ton direci from the Territorial prison in
Yuma County, Arizona. He exchanged
the stripes for a wedding dress. He had
just served eight years for murder. The
detective who was looking up Mr. Leslie's
record uid not remember whether he mur
dered his wife or a man whom he found
with her, but he was under the impression
that it was his wife whom he killed.
At that time the San Francisco papers
published accounts of Leslie's exploits,
and in the biography of the murderer re
produced pictures of him. Mra. Belle
Stowell, who then lived in San Francisco,
and who was the ex-wife of a prominent
man in the employ of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, read the narrative of
the scout's adventures, and though she
had never seen him she became infatu
ated. She had just been divorced from
her husband, and she began to correspond
with the murderer. Fiowers followed the
letters, ana then fruit was sent. The
murderer reciprocated, or pretended to,
and ihe only hindrance to the marriage
was his incarceration.
Mrs. Stowell obtained a railroad pass
to Yuma, Ariz., from her ex- husband. He
little thought that she was going to join
a murderer upon the latter's release from
prison, but such was her mission. When
Leslie bad served out his time he and bis
briue-to-be came direct to this city, where
the license was obtained and the marriage
toot place.
Mrs. Stowell has been and is still draw
ing $40 monthly alimony from her former
husband. The latter tired of paying her
this sum, and the detective's mission here
was to obtain evidence whereby the order
of alimony might be revoked.
Mrs. Leslie is at present in this Stale,
but it is said that her husband cannot be
located, although it is believed that he
might be in Randsburg. It is not known
whether they have separated or not, but
it is believed that they have.
MARIN ADMINISTRATOR ACCUSED.
Heira of Anne Magolr.ck File Charges
of Fraud Against Dcr.ms
Donohue.
SAN RAFAEL,, Cal., April 27.- Mary
Dacy and Lizzie Thomas have brought
suit in the Superior Court of Marin County
aeainst Dennis Donohue, as administrator
of the estate of Anne Magolrick, deceased.
In the complaint iiled with County Clerk
Thomas Bonneau Monday afternoon, the
plaintiffs make serious charges against
the administrator, alleging that he well
knew that Anne Magoirick left an estate
in California other than a lot with im
provements thereon in Healdsburg, and
that Donohue, for the sole purpose of fraud
ulently and unlawfully imposing upon the
court, falsely alleges and sets forth in his
petition that personal property consist
ing of lUO shares of the cajntal slock of
the Queen Bee Mining Company, 100
shares in the Ameer Mining Company,
aiid ten shares in the Chieftain Gold and
Silver Mining Company were left by the
deceased in the hinieoi California.
The plaintiffs declare that Anne Magol
rick never at any time owned or possessed
any of the snares of «tock; that she leit
no shares of stock in tins .State, and that
the sole purpose of Douonue in represent
ing to Judge Angellotti that Anne Magol
rick left the ."hares of mining slock in the
county of Marin was to impose upon the
good faith of the court, and by artifice and
fraud to prevail upon the court to assume
jurisdiction over the settlement of the
estate.
The complaint, after making these
charges against the administrator, sets
forth 'hat the plaintiffs are daughters and
lawful heirs and next of kin of Anne Ma
golrick, otherwise Known as AnneGoldeu,
and are entitled to share in the distribu
tion oi the estate.
It is claimed that Anne Magolriek died
at County Cavan, Ireland, and left no es
tate in California except a lot in llealds
burg. On April 9, 185)6, the administrator
filed a paper purporting to be the last will
of the ueceased, with a petition praying
that the copy of the will be admitted to
probate. On April 27 the will was ad
mitted to probate, and letters of adminis
tration were issued to defendant on April
30. The complaint alleges that no testi
mony was offered in behalf of the petition
other than the testimony of defendant,
wnich was reduced to writing and filed,
bu: defendant has not signed the same,
although requested to do so by the cierk
of the court, and he still refuses to do so.
When the estate proceedings were before
Jvdge Angellolti some time ago Lewis F.
Hyington and Dennis Donahue almo-t
came to blows in the courtroom and were
separated by Donohue's attorney, Jud^e
E. H. Mahon. after they had laiu down
their coats and prepared for hostilities.
There has been considerable fee .ing shown
daring the estate proceedings.
nil.l. rJBST SEATTLE.
JUarquia of Hreatialbane It Coning the
I'ac'ifie.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 27.— Canadian
Pacific Railway officials < received informa
tion to-uay to the effect' that the Marquis
of Breadalbane, Knight of the Garter and
Privy Councilor, will arrive in Seattle
about May 1. He is now crossing the Pa
cific on ii. M. S. Empress of Japan, due
at Vancouver on Wednesday.
The Marquis is reported to be on a tour
of the world. Beyond this no further in
formation as to the distinguished Briton's
itinerary was given, though local Canadian
Pacific r.lticials are oi the opunon that be
will journey from Seatt!j» on to San Fran
cisco and tue.ice to New York via Chi
cago.
LCVED THE SAME TYPEWRITER.
Two Stockton You'.hs Journey to a Roman-
tic Spot and Lambaste Each
0 her.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 27.— Down to a
romantic spot on the bane of Stockton
channel below the Crown mill, where
Diablo looms in the distance and the sky
to the west is enough to make a poet
versify, and where, by the way, policemen
do not patrol— down there went two
romantic young men last Friday night.
They were Joseph Moore, a tailor em
ployed at the woolen-mills, and Richard
Tumeliy, a bridge-builder. They walked
thither in sullen silence not because they
were en rapport with the beauty of the
natural scenery but because they were
bent on shedding biood.
The irHilan'. young men bore the very
inimical relation of rivals, and each had
a score or ruore of grievances that he was
det-rmined t> settie with the other in
that picturesque soot, where the blinking
old moon would be the oniy leferee and
the little cattish the only spectaiors. Each
was resolved to lambaste the other until
he madly loved some other girl or hated
the sex so hard that he would die a
bachelor.
A pretty little typewriter who cannot
help oeing charming ana who is equally
unable io help captivating Joseph Moore
and Richard Tumelty was the fair prize
for wnich the valiant lovers Rtood up
acainst each other to be punched. After
t!ie fisht both were so beautifully deco
rated that they looked like circus posters
in tliree colors, and the girl could not be
blami-d now if she would lavish her affec
tions upon a third young man whose eyes
nave not been artificially beautified and
who curries all his facial cuticle around
with him.
No spectators witnessed the battle, and
the declaration of each man that he was
not the loser must be taken ior what it is
worth.
PUYALLUP RESERVATION POLITICS
In'eres'ing Story of Intrigue Back of the
Rzsignation of Agent Ncw
berne.
TACOMA, Wash., April 27.— Dr. R. E.
L. Newberne, who has been in charge of
the Puvallup Indian Reservation near
here for a number of years, has made
public his resignation. Frank lerry of
Montana, at present in charge oi the Crow
Indian Agency, will succeed him.
Back of Dr. Newberne's resignation is
an interesting story. On January 11 of
this year he was promoted to the position
of Superintendent of Indian Schools in
the Northwest. This left the charge of
the Puyailup Reservation vacant, and
Colonei J. J. Anderson, who had shortly
before lost a job as Commissioner of In
dian Lands, applied for the piace.
Hiirli Wallace opposed him, and he did
not get it. Nothing daunted, he applied
for Dr. Ncvberne'a new position, and two
days berore Clevelnnd went out of office
was given the place, and Dr, Newberne
was relegated back to his old position on
the reservation.
Dr. Newbprne would not stand this, and
on Marco 6 tendered his resignation,
which iias now been accepted. The pecul
iarity of the transaction is that Illinois
Democrats who supported the gold stand
ard and General Palmer espoused Ander
son's cause, while Anderson was one of
the hardes: workers in this city in sup
port of Bryan and the iroe-silver move
ment, speaking against the Cleveland ad
ministration ana acting as one of the
Central Committee of the People's party
forces.
Dr. Newberne will go East and enter the
medical service of the Government.
DIES PENNILESS AT PORTLAND.
Fate of a Young Englishman Who Was
a Protege of the Prince
01 Wales.
PORTLAND, Or , April 27.— bidney Old
field, a young Englishman wi o has pa
pers in his possession showing that the
Prince of Wales had defrayed the cent of
his education, died almost penniless at a
hospital here last Sunday.
Oldfield was of a quiet, retired disposi
tion, and, while he was an agreeable young
man, he took no one into his confidence,
except Charles P. McManns, a man past
50. McManus was one of the young man's
chief mourners yesterday.
Mi Manus stated that Oldfield told him
of his young life's history. This lea him
to wonder what possibly could have
brought him to so low an estate as to
linger about the North End. To him the
voting man one evening said that he was
the son of a younger s>on of an English
Earl, but he retrained from mentioning
th«» name.
There were five brothers in his family,
all of whom were compelled to learn'a
trade, for which in later years he was
quite grateful. His father and the Prince
of Wale were warm personal friends, al
though the young man's father was a
poor man, so to Bpeak. In view of this
fact, and also in consequence of some
pr<>at personal service Oidfield's father
had rendered the P.-ir.ce, his Royal High
ness defrayed the cost of aducating the
live boys.
McWanus added that this was as far as
his young friend would take him into tiis
confidence, beyond the statement that an
nffair of the heart induced him to leave
England for this country. There had
bren a mutual love between hinvelf and
a girl of noble birth, but as he was poor,
with no prospects, the idea of entertaining
a proposal from him was ridiculed by her
parents.
ATTACK P.l* XEAK JIEnL Alt US.
Frank JU. Smith Sh»t and Stabbed by
t l\co tlinhwnymen.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 27.—
While-Droccedinir through the Santa Ana
Wash last night toward his home in Reil
lands Frank M. Smith was shot and
stabbed by two unknown Mexicans. He
was ordered to throw ud his hands and
was slow in doing so. UHievin« him dead
his assailants, nfter rifling his pockets,
threw him into the brusn. He regained
consciousness and crawled on his bands
and knees a distance of half a mile to a
residence and a physician was sum
moned. Besides being shot through the
eye he has numerous knife-stabs, and the
physicians »ay his recovery is doubtful.
I'mtecllng ttathlnfftnn Foremt*.
SEATTLE, Wash , April 27.— 1n the
State of Washington Ex- President Cleve
land's famous forest-reserve order is
operative from this date. This morning
it became part of the records of the vari
ous land offices throughout the State, hav
ing been filed in the usual manner. Dire
venceance is implied in a warning that
accompanies the proclamations for any
one wtio shall attempt to violate their
provisions. No one is allowed to acquire
property within the limits reserved save
those settlers who have already procured
full or partial rights and mineral rights
fully obtained by patent or at least par
tially secured.
Santa Ro*a It'omm Injured,
SANTA KOSA. Cal., April 27.— A high
spirited horse driven by Mrs. A. B. Swain
became frightened at a passing bicycle
tiiis evening and after a brief but exciting
runaway collided with a telegraph pole.
Mrs. Swain nnd her companion, Mr?. E.
H. Smythe, were dashed violently io the
ground and were badly bruised, Mrs.
Smylhe's right arm being broken. It is
not believed that the accident will result
fatally in either case.
STRANGE CASE OF
A UKIAH CRIPPLE
Ferdinand W. Browback
Refuses Surgical
Assistance.
Writhing Under the Pain of
Fractured Limbs, He js
Awaiting Death.
Convicted in San Francisco of Send
ing Obscene Matter Through
the Malls.
URIAH, Cal., April 27.— Fenlinand W.
Brow back, the crippled son of a wealthy
resident of this city, whose case when he
was convicted several months ago of sand
ing obscene matter through the mails at
tracted much attention, li dying of his
obstinacy.
BrowbacK and a companion started to
drive to Hopland on Saturday last and
when near Largo Station a passing freight
train frightened ths team and it started to
run. The road is very narrow at this
point, winding around a hillside, and after
running a few yards the maddened horses
dashed over the bank, carrying the vehi
cle with them. Browback's companion
jumped as the wagon went over aud saved
himself, but the unfortunate cripple could
not aid himself and was thrown violently
to the bittom of a small gulch, both ot his
legs b>ing broken and a deep gash cut
in 11 is head.
Browback was conveyed to his father's
handsome home in this place and a phy
sician sent for, but he refused to have the
limbs attended to, saying that he wa
useless to himseif and every one else and
that he might as well die as not. Tue in
jured man paid no attention to the plead
ings of his relatives that he allow the sur
geon to operate upon him. Unless he
changes his mind soon his days are num
bered, for the fractures are bad ones and
gangrene will set in before lon;.'.
Browback has had a strange career. His
family is well supplied with this world's
goods and gave him every opportunity for
advancement. Notwitnstanding this he
left home several years ago and became a
cowboy, a vocation that ne followed for
some time. Finally an accident tnat crip
pled both legs compelled liirn to return
home, and he was a familiar sight about
Ukiah, driving a little go-cart, into which
ne could climb without assistance.
About a year aco a number of com
plaints were received by the United
States postal inspectors of San Francisco
that obscene printed matter was being
sent through the mails and the manufac
turer was finally located in Ukiah. He
proved to be young Browback, who, un
known to his father, was printing thou
sands of vile books in a little printing of
fice that he operated at the home place.
Browback senior supposed that he was
merely printing a few billheads and cards
for friends, for amusement more than any
thing else.
He was arrested by Postal Inspector Er
win while in the act of packing uu for
shipment a large quantity of ob-cene
books. His father would not at first be
lieve in his guilt, and prepared for a stufc
born defense, but the evidence against
him, showing that he was the most ex
tensive manufacturer of obscene literature
in this State, was complete, and when he
came up before the United States District
Court in San Francisco he pleaded guilty
to the charge.
The United States Judge, in considera
tion of his infirmities, let him off with six
mouths in the Mendocino County Jail
and a fine of $500. His father paid the
tine and he was recently released after
serving the sentence of imprisonment
MILL VALLEY'S MAD-DOG SCARE.
V cious Canine Lies in Wait for School
Children and Springs Upon
Them.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., April 27.— There
was considerable excitement at the Mill
Valley Public School to-day when a dog
made an assault upon several children.
Walter Bowering, the young son of F.
Boweripg, who does business in San Fran
cisco and resides in Mill Valley, was bit
ten in the thign and the lad was sent
home, where it was found that the teeth
of the doc had left their impression and
drawn blood.
Young Bowering left the schoolroom at
11:30 o'clock, according to the stories told
by the scholar-, and was In the hallway
of the building when the dog flew at him
and bit him. The animal next attempted
to bite a pupil named George Aukers. The
lad picked up a large rock, and just as the
dog jumped towaid him threw it with
considerable force, striking the brute be
tween the eyes and stunning him.
One of the young sons of ex-Supervisor
Vincent KingwelJ, who attended school
in Mill Valley, also narrowly escaped being
bitten by the dog.
For a short time there was plenty of ex
citement, but the boys finally chased the
animal away from the school grounds.
The matter was brought to the attention
of Justice Fottrell this evening, and the
dog will be located and shot. It is owned
by one of the residents of the mill above
the schoolhouse. The injury received by
the Bowering lad is not serious.
LEAGUERS AT SAN JOSE.
Epworth Bodies of San Francisco Dis
trict in Seventh Annual
Session.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April 27.— The seventh
annual convention of the San Francisco
district Epworth League opened in this
city this evening. About 275 delegates are
present.
The visitors were tendered a banquet in
the parlors of the First Methodist Church
to-night. Toasts were responded to a«
follows: "Our Guests," Dr. Cantine;
"District Convention," F. H. Brigs*; "The
Secretary," Miss Osgood; "Convention
Reminiscences," E., S. Jobnson; "San
Francisco City Alliance," M. V. Donald
son; "Gospel Wagon," Dr. Case; "Chris
tian Endeavor," Guy Campbell; "'OOCon
vention," Dr. Kelly; "Intermediate," Mrs.
Black; "Juniors," Mrs. Marion Osgood;
"U. P." Professor Hunt; '-The Gentle
men," Miss Mayne; "The Ladies," Charles
Coyle; "The Central Committee," J. J.
Bennett.
A reception followed in Bale's Hall.
Addresses of welcome were delivered in
behalf of the city of San Jose and churches
by Rev. V. G. Trassler, in beualf of the
societies of Christian Endeavor by Guy
Campbell, State president of the Y. P. S.
C. E, »nd in behalf of the Epwor.h
Leagues by Rev. F. V. Fisher, chairman
of the central committee. Responses
were made by Charles Coyne of San
Francisco and Rev. Herbert F. Briggs,
president District League of Santa Cruz.
MEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
!*Y 111 I tSS $ 15853 H9 SnGM '» I 1 JJBK-
Sfci__ I 1 1 ew I WKi 38 W HSS iSBBUI jil S MR
I Unbounded
' Enthusiasm.
<£Sh Although this is the
kP5$ third and perhaps the last
i&/ week of this surprising
/\^%\ ■ sale the enthusiasm is still
/)(z \\ unprecedented. Our in-
i^A f\°\\ creased staff of clerks are
\\l r\ r\ still taxed to their utmost
XXJI \U to attend to the crowds.
it ° rf Remember, the Govern-
fweek of this surprising
sale the enthusiasm is still
unprecedented. Our in-
creased staff of clerks are
\ still taxed to their utmost
J to attend to the crowds
Remember, the Govern-
\ ment estimates an increase
T(( V) on wool alone of $2^,000,-
I / 000, and we could not run
I / any chances, so over-
I / stocked our warehouses
J. / in New York, and now we
/ / must have money to meet
J/ll<L, the obligations extended
W us by the banks.
ll 1 1 l-^
(t* Q Single and Double (I* j< Sack Suits, single
Iti A rS Nk Breasted Sack »n C HE and double breasted
•* / *r #V^O Suits, latest shades * / O mX^O —in shades of
new fabrics ; guaranteed pure wool, brown, Havana, slate and over-
Regular price sq. plaids. Regular price $10. Guaran-
Only a few of these left— odd sizes, teed pure wool.
(t* /< Single and Double /I* Exceptional values
JJiO.OCI Breasted Suits, ml J%^ CO in Single and Dou-
*r # ** cassimeres, chev- , % * / /*O *" ble Breasted Sacks,
iots, tweeds and worsteds. $12 is • comprising all the latest colorings in
the regular price. Guaranteed pure exclusive designs, Regular price $15.
wool. Guaranteed pure wool.
d» O _ _ Cutaway and Sack I (t* Cutaway and
$0..SO Suit s. in serges, 910.00 Sack Suits, in
Tv %J tweeds, cassimeres fancy Scotch che-
and worsteds. Former price $17 00. ! viots, in the new brown, gray and
Guaranteed pure wool. ' olive shades. Very dressy. Regular
■ I 2O value. Guaranteed pure wool.
/t» • Spring Overcoats, i ■
T^^^wC in very desirable (t* All-wool Trousers.
**^O * M %J shades and fabrics, Jj^K Will cost double the
Worth every cent of j?io. Guaran- £ %J money any other
teed pure wool. i place in town.
Notwithstanding the enormous crowds
attending this sale perfect politeness
will be accorded you by our salesmen
and plenty of time given you to make
selections.
The money we need is rapidly
coming in. When we get enough the
slaughter stops immediately remem-
ber that We can't go on throwing
away profits much longer.
All garments guaranteed pure wool
and kept in repair one year free of
charge.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 MARKET STREET
Directly Opposite Sansome.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE.
By special request we will keep open every evening until 8 o'clock
during this sale ; Saturdays until 10 P. M.
.■■. ■ ■ : -
56
WhI'NESDAY APKJI. '-'8. 1597
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDUt,
- Editor end Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
Pally and Sunday CALi.,oneweek,bycarrler..so.ls
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Daily end Srmday < ai.i, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday CALi-,tbree months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .05
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
WJOOCUr Call, one year, hy n-ail 1-60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
c an Francisco, California.
T«l« P hon... .^^ iUln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay blree-
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntU |
8:80 o'clock.
39 Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner tiixteenlQ and Mission streets, open j
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clocle.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
■tracts; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 »Dd 32, 34 lark Row. New Yorir City. I
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
New York has a right to be proud of that
monument.
The dedication festival was local to New
YorK. but the sentiment which inspired it
was National.
Greece bit off a great deal more taan she
could chew, and now the powers insist
that she shall digest it.
Bland and McMillln are determined the
Democrats ot the country shall know that
Boy Bailey is not leading them.
60 long fl« Balboa avenue is incomplete,
so long will it be timely to urge subscrip
tions to the fund for completing it.
There is wit, wisdom and eloquence at
the Woman's Congress, end it will be j
worth anybody's while to attend it.
Now that the metropolis of the East has <
dedicated the long-promised monument
to Grant, it will be quite appropriate to
recognize her as Greater New York.
It is reported that the Spanish Govern- I
ment in Cuba will have to face this year a
deficit of $100,000,000, which looks very
maefa as if Weyler had been running a !
Cleveland administration there.
It is said of a certain Kansas State Sen- >
ator that whenever he saw anything ha .
did not lite he would introduce a biJl j
abolishing it, and he seems to have riis- j
jiked about everything hesaw in the State.
A3 ex-Governor A! t^-Id seems to be
badly mixed un with tue Globe Savings
Bank failure, hi^ political career may be ;
considered cio=ed unless the anarchists
choose to take him up and make the most
of him.
No tributes to the rnernors' of Grant are
more grateful to the Nation than those
which came from the South, since they
afford a proof that \h? magnanimity of the j
hero has awakened the honor and love of
his foes.
Washington City has been clever enough
to set her police to work to take a census |
while the office-seekers are in town, and •
as a result lays claim to a population of j
277,483, being an increase of about 5000 I
since 1895.
One advantage was gained by New
York by being slow in the completion of
the Grant monument. She has had Mc-
Kinley for the chief figure of the day in
stead of Cleveland, and that was well !
worth waiting for.
The powers were prompt to interfere J
wh«n Greece sent an army to the relief of !
Crete, but they will not interfere when j
Turkey invades Greece, and thus does !
diplomacy redeem itself from the charge j
of being monotonous.
The duties imposed upon President Mc-
Kinley at the dedication of the Grant
monument were undoubtedly fatiguing, j
but as they relieved him for a time from
office-seekers he probably regarded the
occasion as a holiday.
According to a Washington correspond- i
ent the strength of the Maine delegation i
in Congress Is due to the fact that it has
not been changed in fourteen years, but it
WOUid be jun as accurate to say that the
reason it has not b;en changed is because
it was strong to start with.
It is asserted that many of the Kansas
Populists who howled against capital in
the Legislature have gone home with more
money in their pockets than they ever had
before, and as a result neariy every otner
Populist in the Slate has become a strong
advocate of rotation in oflice.
The London 'Awes recently* stated: "In
no case will Turkey be allowed to gather
the frqits of victory over a Christian peo
ple." If that statement expressed the set
tled conviction of the powers it is full
time for them to interfere, for it is now
evident that Tuckey has the longer pole,
and if it is not taken away from her she
will soon have the persimmon.
Shipments of gold to Kurope have be
gun again, but this time they disturb no
body. Business men know that we have
now at Washineton a business adminis
tration, and that within a comparatively
short time we will have a tariff which will
provide a revenue for the country and a
decree of protection which will put an end
to heavy importations, and that then gold
shipments will turn the other way.
It is said at Washington that some of
the petitions for office filed by applicants
for positions are more elaborately pre
pared and decorated than the essay of a
sweet girl graduate. I:i some cases they
are written on vellum, and are engrossed
and illuminated in the most elegant style,
so that the cost can hardly have been less
than JlUOeach. Itreraains, however, now,
as heretofore, that it is not the petition so
much as the plain pull that gets away with
the pie.
It has been suggested that all convicts
in the prisons of the States affected by the
Mississippi floods should be set to work on
the levees and other un<leraki;igs to pre
vent similar Hoods hereafter and the sug
gestion seems to be well received. By the
prooosed plan convicts would not only be
removed from competine with free labor,
but they would assist in makinc the work
of free laborers more remunerative
throughout the whole region subject to
overflow.
THE GRANT MONUMENT.
If any further evidence had been needed tliat the aspiration for a restored union
J of loto and loyalty, South as well as North, which General Grant expressed in his
memorable words, "Let us have peace," has been amply and abundantly realized be
fore the generation which took part in the war has passed away, it was furnished
during the ceremonies which attended the solemn and patriotic dedication of his
mausoleum on Riverside drive yesterday.
The procession, which began the ceremonies and formed the most imposing part
of its brilliant spectacle, was made up of men from ail parts of our common country,
and equaily conspicuous among those most prominent were men of the South as
well as of the North. Nor was it by their presence only that these Southern men
attested their veneration for the memory of the great leader of the Union army.
They uttered words of eulogy so infused with genuine feeling that their sincerity can
not be doubted. These words, widely read, will carry throughout the country the
gratifying conviction that the bitterness of a civil war has passed away even from the
beateu side, and that hereafter the war will be to us a glorious page of history from
which we shall learn lessons of patriotism, free from any feeling of sectional differ
ences or distrust.
What Lord Bacon said of himself, "I leave my fame to foreign nations and to
future ages," might with truth bo said of almost every great man. His countrymen
of his own generation see him too near to comprehend the full outline of the great
I roportions of his character, and are too much involved themselves in the struggles
in which he is engaged to impartially estimate the value of his services or the con
trasted features of his excellencies and his defects.
For that reason final judgment upon Grant cannot be said to havo been yet pro
nounced. We have had eulogiums upon l;im from the ablest orators now living ; from !
personal friends; from profound students of current history, and from ardent I
patriots, who i'eel deeply the vast importance of his services to his country. All these, j
however, have but furnished the facts which are yet to be fused into one perfect whole !
to make the true and rightful character of Grant known to the American people. We !
can be satisfied with the knowledge that when this true record of his life is made
public it will but add praise to praise and Jift our great general and ereat .President
higher yet in the esteem of the world.
The mausoleum which has been raised to him on that noble site of the principal
city of our country is one of the greatest and most beautiful structures ever dedicated
to such a purpose. It takes rank among the great tombs of the world, and worthily
manifests by its imposing architecture the esteem in which the present generation of
Americans hold the memory of their greatest general. Its impressive beauty will
never fail to awaken in the minds of all who see it a remembrance of the loyalty and
patriotism of the great man whose body lies entombed within it, and it will be a
mecca for patriotic pilgrimages for all time to come.
New York may well be proud of the patriotism which she has displayed in erect
ing such a monument and the Nation at large will be gratified with this evidence that
the people of the metropolis are not so wholly given over to commerce or so tubject
to the influence of European fashions and society as to be indifferent to ths noblest
sentiments of patriotism or lacking in the fervor of a spirit that is thoroughly
Americaa.
THE WHEELMEN'S DUTY.
The suggestion made by The Call some
time a?o that the wheelmen of San Fran
cisco should come to the front ami take an
active part in raising money lor the com
pletion of Balboa avenue has met with a
response sufficiently favorable to encour
age the hope of good results in the imme
diate future. Several wheelmen have
shown a willingness to take the leadership
in a movement to interest all the bicycle
clubs in the work, and there can be no
doubt they will receive a cordial support
from their fellow cyclists.
To assist in the work of constructing tbe
avenue and to taue a leading and prom
inent part in raising the money necessary
to complete it is a duty which the w'aeel
men owe to themselves and to the City.
The proposed avenue will be largely
for their benefit. They will de
rive more pleasure from it, perhaps,
than any o.her class of citizens.
It i=, therefore, with justice and reason
that the peop'e of the City look to
the wheelmen to bear a share of the
cost of constructing the road and to per
form a laree partof the task of raising the
required money.
Where many men are engaged in an
undertaking of this character not much
will be required of any one person if all
do their share. The number of wheel
men in San Francisco is so large that if
each would contribute but a very small
sum of money the amount now needed to
put the avenue into good condition
throughout its extent would be very small.
If, therefore, the bicycle clubs take up the
subject vigorously they would not have to
ask heavy contributions from their mem
bers in order to make a good showing of
civic patriotism by raising a sum which
would assure the completion of the work
oa the avenue without delay.
The work that has been thus far done in
promoting the enterprise has been in the
highest degree gratifying. The contribu
tions of money have been prompt and
liberal, and have come from sources suffi
ciently widespread to attest that the in
terest taken in tue subject is shared by
the people generally, and that the move
ment is in the fullest sense of the word a
public enterprise. By means of the money
thus raised employment has been afforded
to many industrious men, who would
otherwise have been without work and
wages, and whose families in many cases
would have been left destitute. The City
has made headway in the construction of
a thoroughfare which will be one of the
most famous in America. These are good
results and the wheelmen of tbe City
might take a just pride in allying them
selves with such an enterprise, and giving
it such aid and assistance as will render
its completion assured yi the near luture.
RESTORED CONFIDENCE.
A complete proof of the restoration of
confidence in iinancial and commercial
circles throughout the country is afforded
by the fact that the recent heavy ship
ments of gold to Kurope have occasioned
no alarm whatever, and that the people
everywhere read the reports of such ship
ments with undisturbed serenity. It will
be remembered that a very different feel
ing prevailed in the country when gold
shipments occurred under the Cleveland
administration, and in the contrast be
tween public sentiment now and what it
was then we have a standard by which to
measure the extent to which the McKin
ley administration has revived confidence
and restored t lie hopefulness of the people.
It is not difficult to understand why the
present gold shipments create none of the
alarm which was occasioned by similar
shipments before the Republican success
in the elections of last year. Tiie people
arc now aware that we i.aye at AYashing
ton an administration of statesmen who
understand the needs of the country and
are capable of rightly directing its legisla
tion. The deficit tariff, which has been
the cause cf so many ills in the past and
which compelled the Government again
and again to borrow money to pay its
running expenses and to maintain the
gold reserve, will soon be replaced by a
new tariff, which will not only supply an
ample revenue for the Nation, but will
afford protection lo American industry
and put an end to those heavy importa
tions of foreign goods which now draw
money away from us to Europe.
It was announced yesterday in New
York that there would be shipped from
that port to Bremen $977,000 in gold bars,
and on the sajne day it was announced
that from Boston a shipment would be
made on Thursday of $500,000 in gold.
From both cities, however, came the lur
ther statement that these shipments are
based solely on business lines and have
been received in financial circle? with an
entire absence of tho disquieting uncer
tainties of last year. Even the report
that the entire gold exports for the week
will probably aggregate $3,000,000 lias not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
in any way unsettled tbe money market
in either city.
It seems clear that we have at last
reached the period of restored confidence.
After this it wiil not be a long step
towaid the revival of prosperity. Now
that business men are so well satisfied
with the outlook that they can watch the
aram of gold without feeling any uneasi
ness we may be sure it will not be long
before they will begin to engage la those
enterprises which are needed to afford
employment to our people and to develop
the resources of the country. As soon as
tue tariff bill is enacted and uncertainty
in regard to import duties is over we may
I'<ok for renewed activity in all lines of
business. The McKinley administration
is doing its work well and the country has
no reason to complain of the results
which have been accomplished.
THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS.
In reply to the welcome which was ac
corded her by the audience at the
Woman's Congress on the opening day,
Mrs. Heien H. Gardener stated that,
while she lived and was educated in the
! East, she had noted and has repeatedly
i stated at gatherings in all parts of the
! country that the most progressive wcrk ol
; the time in being done in the West. We
I may rightly accept this as something
more than a complimentary phrase. The
i greeting given to Mrs. Gardener was sin
cere and it is but just to accord to her an
| equal sincerity in her response to it.
If the most progressive work of the
, time is being done in the West and if this
fact has been noted by observant and re
flecting leaders of thought and action in
; tue Kast, then we have encouragement to
jgo forward in what we have oegnn. It is
| time for the West, as well as for women, to
| open what Dr. David Starr Jordan so aptly
j called "the sealed orders" under which
jwe have been working in the past. It is
time for us to read the signs of tbe age, to
] know whe/e we are going and to work
j energetically to reach the destined port
by the nearest courses and the most favor
able winds which science and experience
can reveal to us.
It goes without saying that the men of
California and of the Greater West count
much upon women to aid them in the
great tasc of attaining all which destiny
promises. We are so near to the pioneer
days that we have not forgotten the emi
nent services which were rendered in the
unbuilding of our young commonwealth
by those brave women who shared all the
dangers, trials and hardships of tboso
struggles which were necessary to convert
the West from its former condition into
its present staße of civilization and pros
perity.
Knowing these things accomplished by
women in the past it is easy for us to
understand how much help can bo given
by women in solving the problems of the
future, and in the West, therelore, it is
inevitable that woman should be accorded
a recognition in every arena of human en
deavor into which she was willing to ven
ture ana in whose struggles she was
ready to take part
The Woman's Congress will therefore
receive in this City the attention which it
so well merits. Our people recogniza that
among those who are to take part in its
debates and discussions are some of the
most earnest leaders of the time, and that
among the problems which it will under
take to solve there are many which rank
among those of the greatest importance
both to society and to individuals. We
have received from Mrs. Gardener the
praisa that the most progressive work of
the time is being done in the West, and it.
is our dnty to see to it that this com
mendation will be deserved in the future
as in the past.
IN .HE KIICHEN.
As coolc read the news while, she waited one morn
Fur the fo ks to comedown to their meal
3n« had for tbe Turk the most virulent scorn
•1 hat a genuine Christian could feeL
She felt In her heart, as she glanced o'er the pace.
1 hat tbe wnr nas an exrelleut thing
Could ilu- Moslems be whipped, and endeavored to
The strength which to bear they could bring.
But then came a sizzling, a npu'ter and smoke,
w mi a flatnr- snooting up In the air,
And cook dropped ncr paper, ana tor the range
- To discover the cause of the scare.
Her knowledge of cooking was ever about,
And sbe f.mM when Rhe went to lnoture,
bbC *u erWard ** idt " U waß Brease lhat jumped
Of tne frying pan into the fir*."
_Plttaborf DUpatch.
AMERi AS ARMY.
New York Herald.
Every year seems to make it more probable
that the close of the nineteenth century will
mark an epoch in the history of the world.
The thoughts of the nations have for some
time now been turned to the subject of war,
ana, incredible though it may Eeem, in the
event of a general call to arms, nearly
40.000,000 men could be placed in the field.
According to the London Daily Mail's esti
mate, the United Slates can call' upon a
greater number of trained toldiers than any
other oouutry in the world. Although the
standing army numbers only 27.000 men,
eaoh State has to support its own militia, and
should it bpcomß'necessary as a last resource
upward of 7.500,000 men could assist in main
taining the independence of the States.
I'o defend the coast there would be a navy
of some uevemy ships, wiih 10.000 men.
Of tiic European armies the biggest is that
of France. Thu number of men m the active
army and Us reserve is '2.350,000. The terri
torial army is 900.000 strong, Miid its reser-e
1,100.000, making a total of some 4,350,000,
It is not likely, however, that under *ny con
ceivable c.rcumsiances more than 2,500.000
men could be called ou ( . The navy, with 451
ships, also has n reserve of 114,000 men, of
whom about 25.500 are serving at the present
time with tlie fleet.
Next inpoiutof numbers on a war footing
comes Germany. The penre strength of the
standing army ig about 520,000. There has
been no late return of the war strength, but
in the last extremity Germany would have an
army of not far short of 8.000,000 trained
men, while 22.000 men coulu man the 220
odd vessels constituting the navy. The third
great power is Russia. The total peace foot
ing of this country is 900,000.
PtKbON L.
Rev. E. Graham of Chico Is at the Grand.
Colonel T. XV. Brooks of Pomona is in the
City.
Alexis Bjornson of Coronado is at the Occi
dental.
Leo Courtney of Victoria, B. C, is at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. OitoSiepermann of Newark, N. J., is at
the Lick.
D. B. Fairbanki.a banker of Petaluma, is at
the Lick.
George Lacy of Colorado is registered at the
Baldwin.
H. E. Pickctt, a mining man of Plncerville,
is in town.
L. Chouillon of Rouen, France, is at the
Occidental.
Ernest Peyske, a business man of Omaha, is
in the City.
N. S. Hollister, a business man of Denver, is
at the Palace.
E. P. Caldweli of Hawaii is one ol the late
arrivals here.
A. L. Homer, a business manol Seattle, is a
I late arrival here.
James Baidson of Butte, Mont., is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
J. R. Gnrrett, & general merchant of Marys-
TUle, is at the Lick.
A. G. Thompson of Seattle, Wash., is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
S. Whipple nnd wife of North Ontario are at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Professor L. P. Lowe of Pasadena Is a late
arrival at the California.
F. A. Hihn, the millionaire, of Santa Cruz,
is among the arrivals here.
E. P. Staeey, a fruii buyer and shipper of
Minneapolis, is at the- Crand.
Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett of the Cali
j fornia National Guard is in the City.
11. E. Hyde, the banker and extensive land-
I owner of Tulare County, is at the Palace.
Mrs. G. Watnoy and Miss L. Summer of Seat
tle, Wash., are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Rev. P. S. Casey, rector of St. Peter's parish,
has been ill for some time with heart trouble.
George A. Lowe, a business man of Salt Lake,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by Mrs.
Lowe.
Mme. Genevra Johnstone-Bishop has taken
up her home while- In San Francisco at the
Palace.
Charles King, a commission merchant and
j cattle-grower of Hanford, is in the City on a
business trip.
Joshua Grigtr, a wealthy resident of Cleve
land, is at the Palace, accompanied by Mre-
Grigg and two daughters.
Colonel E. F. Preston and Mrs. Preston came
I down from Ponalu, their country home, last
j night and are at the Palace.
W. H. Dailey of England and A. Acheson of
j Chicago, who have business interests in the
; West, arrived here last night.
W. D. Sullivan, city editor of the Boston
Daily Glol»e, the paper owned, by General
I Charles Taylor, Is on a visit here.
B. B, Reisterer, on« of the. directors In the
Missouri Pacific Railroad, but whose home Is
at. Toaawanda, N. V., is at the Baldwin.
Charles R. Drake, a leading business man
and politician of Tucson, Ariz., is here, accom
panied by Mrs. Drake. They are at tne Palace.
Colonel Pars Hen^haw of Chico, the land
proprietor of Bntte and inspector of rifle prac
tice of the National Guard, arrived here yes- ]
j terday.
J. T. Argyle. a mining man of Wallace, one
of the towns of C'rrnrd'Alene district, North
ern Idaho, is at the Grand, accompanied by
I his wife and son.
Congressman J. A. Barham, who arrived
I here from Washington, D. C. nearly two
I weeks ago ana has since been at his home in
! Santa Rosa, arrived here yesterday and is at
| the Occidental.
E. B. Ewlng, ex-United States Consul to
I Mexico and one of tlie prominent Democrats
: of St. Louis, who has been here for several
; days, left for a short trip to Monterey and
i Santa Cruz yesterday.
Thomas Cole, president of the Potost, Julia
Consolidated, Bullion and other mining com
panies, has been dangerously 111 with pneu
monia, but is recovering. Mr, Cole Is at a
health resort in Sonoma County.
Eugene K. Lacour, formerly ofl this City but
for some time past manager of a large coffee
tinea in Guatemala, is at the Baldwin. He
has recently bcon on a visit to Kuiope aud
Eastern ettlM and is now on his return to
(iua'.emnla.
Arthur bewail, the wealthy ship-builder of
Bath, Me., who has been here for three weeks
pntt, am! wi'ose son. H. M. Bewail, was a few
days ago appointed Minister to Hawaii, has
been taking life easy since his arrival in Cali
fornia. He has been in and out of San Fran
cisco every lew days seeing near-by places of
interest, and yesterdar he packed his grip
agsin and set forth from the Palace, accom
panied by a friend, to be goue ior two or three
days more. Mr. Bewail tne elder seems now
entirely devoid ot care. No one would ever
think to look at him that he had ever worried
over business, built a ship or ran for the Vice-
Presidency of the United States.
WITH YOUR COFFEE.
"Have all tho preparations been made for
ihe reception of the poet ?"
"Oh, yes; I have just cut the leaves of his
collected works and put them on the table."—
Flicgende Blaetter.
"Why does every ono watch a newly mar
ried couple ?"
••Single people watch them because they ex
pect to see some love-making-, and married
people because they expect to see ft quarrel."
—Puck.
"I wish," said Adam savagely as Eva timidly
drew his attention to a patent medicine ad-
Tertisenient, "that you would not always
nudge mo in the rib! I never in my life knew
a woman that did not insist on reminding her
husband every half hour of the lime he first
met her!" -New York Press.
"Those people next door are still in their
honeymoon."
••Have you seen him kissing her ?"
"So; but. jo lets her lead the morning paper
first."— Cnicago Record.
"What cowards these men are! Here I am,
40 years old, and no one has nad tne courage
to propose 10 me!"— Flicgende Blaetter.
'•Doctor, do you think that my son has what
they call a tobacco heart ?"
••I sincerely wish that he had, madam. His
is a cigarette heart."- Detroit Free Press.
Gadzooks (affor service)— What a perfect
command of language Dr. Lougwind has!
Zounds— l don't agree with you. I snould
say his languaga has a perfect command of
him.— New York Tribune.
F mith— l tried to pay the new woman * com
pliment last night, but it didn't seem to be
appreciated.
Robinson— What did you say 7
Smith— l aaid that the new woman would
leare large footprints on the sands of time.—
Boston Traveler.
"I have heard," said the pensive-looking
girl, "that poets usually speak in numbers."
"Yes." replied her father, ''the trouble is
that the numbers never have any dollar marks
in front of them."— Washington Star.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Frank W. Hawiey of New York, who is well
known upon this coast as an organizer of elec
trical enterprises, came up irorn the south
yesterday with a party of friends on a tour of
inspection of various electrical plants on the
Pacific Coast. Mr. Hawiey is vice-president of
the Cataract General Electric Company and
general manager of the Erie Canal Traction
Company, which distribute and use electricity
generated at Niagara Falls through the
State of New York.
Mr. Hawiey was asked aa to the use of elec
tricity as a motive power upon the Erie canal,
and replying said:
"Yes, electricity will be in use upon the
canal* of New York withiu the next two years
and will furnish the motive power for the
transportation of 4.0C0.000 tons of traffic from
Lake Erie to tidewater. It will operate 3000
canal-Doats in this work, doubling the nnm
ber of trips per season and greatly reduce the
cost of transportation. It Will give to the
ports of the Great Lakes extraordinary facili
ties for marketing the products of iho North
west in the city of New York and revolution
ize the movement of freight as it has the
transportation of passengers upon street sur
face railr >nds."
Mr. Hawiey was asked as to the electrical
development in general, and in replying said:
"Electrical development to-day is in its in
fancy. We have just come to know how to
generate it economically and how to put it in
service at the least possible expense. Even
the young can recollect when it lirst served the
purpose in transmitting a message. To-day it is
inaJe available in the factories of the world. It
is especially serviceable in your State, and put
to work can greatly reduce the cost of develop
ing mining properties. A current o£ electri
city can be generated in nearly every canyon
iv the Rockies, and the power thus developed
transmitted many miles upon an economical
and commercial basis. It can perform as effi
cient service two hundred miles away as at the
point of generation."
Mr. Hawiey was asked as to how the power
could be used In the mining districts, to which
he said:
"A method of applying the power which
most commends itielf to me is by the use
of the cable way system. This is simply the
carrying of a load by an electric motor oper
ating upon a cable instead of a track. The
cable is suspended from a pole line and the
motor draws the carrier, which is also sus
pended. It is most simple in construction
and. most efficient in service. The current of
electricity passes through the very cable that
carries the load, and it thus furnishes the
power to operate drills, derricks and elevating
macninery at the mine, as well as the
motive force which propels the car contain
ing the ore in its transportation to the smelter
or Doint of shipment. The cable crosses tne
canyon and follows the lines of the gullies
through the mountains. It may be horizontal
at pouith and perpendicular at others. The
motor, however, maintains a uniform rate of
speed and operates with absolute safety and
certainty. The moterman may control a dozen
of these motors and thus reduce the cost of
transportation to a minimum."
Mr. liawley was asked as to whether the
water in irrigation ditches could be used to
generate power, to which he said:
"It certainly can be put to such a service,
provided at its source it can be carried to a
point where it can operate turbine wheels.
The water after operating the wheels can find
its way into the irrigation trenches, and the
electricity thus generated can operate pump
ing equipment which can be made mest ser
viceable in some sections of this mountainous
country. There ere many pumps operated
electrically which are available in reclaiming
valuableland."
Mr. Mam-ley was requested to express his
opinion upon the electrical development
which he has seen in this country.
"California," he said, "can well be proud of
what it has done in the way of the transmis
sion of power over long distances. While ex
periments have been made in this and foreign
countries, the first long-distance power trans
mission to operate upou a commercial basis
was installed within the limits of your own
State. I have visited several c'.anis in the
South, where I find power being transmitted
over long distances at a very moderate cost
and at a very much less price than a current
could be generated by wood or coal. The time
has passed when steam can be used to make
electricity in competition with water power."
MEN AND WOMEN
The citizens of Roxbury, Mass., arc taking
active steps to raise $20,000 to erect a monu
ment to General Joseph Warren.
The Queen of Italy has founded a society for
the- reforming ol ragged street children. They
are to be taught some uselul trade.
General Cadorna, who commanded the Ital
ian troops when they took possession of Rome
in 1870, died recently et the age of 82 years.
Two Americans— W. T. Dannat, the painter,
and Rodman Wanamaker, sou of Johu Wana
maker—are among the new Chevaliers of the
Legion of Honor.
Robert Bonner mentions the striking fact
that, when he bought his first trotting horse
in 1650, only nineteen horses, living and
dead, had trotted a mile in 2:30. Now there
are more than 13.000 in the Hat.
A strange blending of art and mammon is
reported from Budapest. Tie picture of
Louisa Blaua, the Hungarian nightingale, as
she has been called since her first appearance
at the Budapest Yolka Theater, is to adorn the
new 1000-guiden note, and it is thought that
this may help to raise her salary from 1000
guldens a week to 1000 a night.
Dr. Jameson, according to the Cape Town
Times, will returu to South Africa to enrry the
Rhodes transcontinental wire to Lake Tan
ganyika. The idea is Mr. Rhodes', and "it
secm9 a happy one for turning Jameson's
'striking' qualities to account in tne land of
his former triumphs and iailure. His many
friends hope the doctor will do better at con
necting the wire than at cutting it."
Mine. Louise de Chapelain de Serreville do
Crenny, Comtesse Douairlero de Sparre, who
has just died at the Chateau de Brunette,
Vaucluse, might possibly have been Empress
of the French. When she lived as a girl neßr
Arenenberg Queen Hortense tried to get up a
marriage between her and Prince Louis N'ape
leon. The young lady, luckily for her, pre
ferred the Danish Comte de Bparre, a godson
of the Comte de Chamhorrt.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Back Dates-A. &, City. The 28th of April,
ISfj'J. tall on a Wednesday, and the ttth of
Junuary, 1879, on a Monday.
Durrant'b Lite— H. B. W., Lompoc. Cal. This
department has no information as to any book
company that will publish a life of Durrant.
Confederate War Records— J. F. 8., Stock
ton, Cal. For information about the war rec
ords of the Confederate army communicate
with General George Moorman, 2<'ew Orleans,
La.
Books — Subscriber, Livermore, Alarneda
County, Cal. This department docs nut adver
tise the price of law or other books. You
should write to a first-class bookhouse for such
information. . .
Horseradish— J. D. H., Stockton, Cal. There
is no article in the markets of San Francisco
known as black horseradish. There is a black
radish which is very pungent. It is probably
iliat to which you refer.
The Word Contest— S. J., City. As the
Golden Gate Carnival committee has gone out
of existence by reason of the indefinite post
ponement of the carnival, there is no one to
take charge of the word contest.
Sanvho Pedro— H.. City. In the game of
sancuo pearo the count i«: High, low, jack,
game ana pedro. If W and C are playing and
each has three to go. If W makes high and
pedro and C makes low, jack and game, ac
cording to the count 0 wius.
Time Required, fob x Patent— J. c, City.
The time usually required to obtain a decision
from tha Patent Office at Washington, D. C,
after an application has been filed, is from six
to eight weeks, but .in some cases it some
times requires several months, depending
upou tUe number of applications ou hand.
Tiie record of a patent is not destroyed.
Three Big Citiks— W. Mcl>., City. The fol
lowing figures of population are those that
were furnished by the Mayors of the respective
cities named in the latter part of 1896: New
York City, 1,957,264, baaed on figures lux
nished by thp Health Department; Philadel
phia. 1.300,000; Brooklyn. N. V., 1,400,000.
The figures lor Brooklyn include Fmtbush,
Flatlnnds, New Utrecht and Gravcsend.
art School— L. £. R. 8., City. There is no
froe art school in San Francisco. The Califor
nia School of Design that meets in the Hop
kins Institute of Art opens ou the 15tn of
August and closes on the 15th of May follow
ing. The fees vary from $6 to if ß per month.
For further information or for a circular ad
dress the secretary of tho school— Scnooi of De
«ign, California and Mason streets.
The Junior Rf.pif.lic— A correspondent asks
for information about a brunch Junior Re
public, said to be located in the State of Cali
fornia. This organization was started some
years»ago in a place called Freeville, New York
State, and it is run ou tne Government pi«n,
with president, cabinet, executive officers and
the like, witn the idea of teaching those who
are connected with it a clenr notion by pi ac
tical illustrations of the manner in which tne
Government is carried on la the United States.
Does any reader of this department know of
buch an organization in California?
| |A Match— Perplexed, City. There does not
appear to be any printed explanation of the
meaning of the act of a young man handing
the unsulphured end of a match to a young
lady. Jf handing the sulphured end of a match
by a young man to a young lady means a pro
posal, the logical conclusion is th«t if be
hands her the other end he does not want to
slight her. Match flirtation may be all very
well in its way, but. if a young man wants to
propose to a young lady he ought to do so in a
way that cannot be misunderstooa, or if he
does not want to propose let him have the
courage to tell the young lady so, In so many
words.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Doings of the Knight* of Honor—Dis
trict Deputies Named by the
Grand Dictator.
The Past Dictators' Association of the
Knights of H'.inor paid a fraternal
visit to Friendship Lodge last week. The
members of Libex'y and of Yerba Buena
lodges attended in a body. During the even
ing there were many visitors from othur
lodges. Taylor Rogers delivered a very inter
eating lecture before the meeting on "True
Fraternity, as Exemplified by the Knights of
Honor and Kindred Associations, and the Re
lationship of Society to Them."
On Wednesday evening Grand Dictator
Archibald and staff ot grand officers will visit
Occidental Lodge in B. B. Hall. The visitors
will be accompanied by the Past Dictators'
Association. There will be the initiation of
three candidates, and Supreme Representa
tive Charles F. Curry will deliver an address.
An invitation has been extended to all the
members of the order to be present.
The grand dictator, who has been visiting
the lodges in Newman and Modesto, will re
turn osi Wednesday.
The printed proceedings of the recent ses
sion of the Grand Lodge are in the hands of
the binder and will be ready ior distribution
during tne week.
Deputy Grand Dictator M. L. Crowe, who re
cently returned lrom Sacramento and Fresno,
reports a large accession of members in each
place.
The following is the list of the districts and
district deputies designated by the grand dic
tator: Alameda County, District 1, Lodges
1745, 1889, 20iy, 2058— G. R. Miller, Ala
meda; Alameda County, District 2, Lodges
1876, 3902— A. K. Hart, Berkeley; Butte
Couuty, District 3, Lod«e 1675— F. W. Walker,
Chico; Butte County, District 4, Lodge 1687—
Ed Higgins, Ororihe; Colusa County, Dis
trict 5, Lodge 1688— I. S. Jamison. Colusa;
Fresno County, District 6, Lodge 34ss— George
Lawson, Fresno: Los Angeles County, Dis
trict 7, Lodge 2925— R. D. Waae, Los Angers ;
Napa County, Di>trict 8, Lodge IS97— T. H.
Epiey, Napa; Nevada County, District 9,
I Lodge 1904, D. B. Marwick. Grass Valley;
I Nevada County, District 10, Lodge 2277— J.
8. Meßride, North Juan; Sacramento
County, District 11, Lodges 1580, 2088— H.
Benneit, Sacramemo; £au Diego County, Dii
tnct 12, L juge 3328— D. 0. (xTok, Sau Di«go;
San Joaquin County, District 13, Lodge 1596—
John W. Hart, Stockton; Solano County, Dis
trict 14, Lodge 2013— A. L. Hatheway.Vall-jo;
Soiano County, District 15, Lodge 2806— Nils
Anderson, Kuisun ; Sonoma County, District
16, Lodge 1923— F. \V. Brown, Petaluma; So
noma County, District 17, Lodge 2093— U. W.
Wolcott. Healdsbure; Sonoma County, Dis
trict 18, Lodge 2208-Dr. R. Press Smith.
Santa Rosh; Stanislaus County, District 19,
Lodge 1992— E. P. Grunt. Modesto; Stanislaus
County, District 20, Lodge 2409 — Henry
I Klehn, Newman ; Santa Clara County, District
! 21, Lodge 1808— Dr. H. J. B. Wright/San Jose;
Santa Cruz County, District 22, Lodge 2046—
1. L. Blaislell, Santa Cruz; Santa Cruz Couuty,
District 23, Lodge 2055— 5. W. Ccffman, Wat
sonville; Yuba Couuty, District 24, Lodge
1656— G. \V. Pine, Marysville; Comra Costa
County. District 25, Lodge 3320— Francis
i George, Crockett; San Francisoo County, Dis
| trict 26, Lodges 1788, 1841, 2107, 3872-Frank
Lawrence; San Francisco County, District 27,
Judges 1731, 3449, 3496— R. A.'a. Summers:
San Francisco rouiitv. District 28, Lodges
1930, 2229, 2366, 3027— E. C. Mcc ullough ;
Snn Francisco County, District 20, Lodge
1718 — John F. Rau; San Francisco County,
District 30, Lodges 1716, 1756, 1990, 2204—
Scott Elder; San Francisco Conntv, District
31, Lodges 1848. 1895, 1927, 2324— " E. Worth;
Sun Francisco Coun y, District 32, Lodges
1755, 1922, 2108, 2282—1. Friedman.
Ladies of the Grand Army.
During the session of the Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic held in Salinas
last week the following named were elected
oflicers for the ensuing term: President,
Pauline Willis of Seven Pine Circle No. S, San
Francisco; senior vice, Sarah E. B. Todd,
Sheridan Circle No. 5, Oakland; junior vice,
Eliza H. Waggoner, Edward Roby Circle No.
2, Sacramento; treasurer, Mary Smith, Anna
E la Larroll Circle No. 1, San Jose; chaplain,
Fanny B. Stothard, John B. Wynian Circle No.
32, Oakland; council of administration— M.
Arnold, Santa Rosa; Mary Brough, Vallejo;
Lena Seholton, San Francisco; delegate at
large, Mi»s Maud Welch, San Jose; first dele
j gate, Lydia C. Hmckiey, sjau Francisco; sec
ond Uolegate, Sarah E. B. Todd, Alameda;
third delegate, Anna Pauls, Sacramento; al
ternate at large, Lena Sholton, San Francisco;
■ first «ltf mate, M. Arnold, Santa Rosa; second
alternate, C. M. Devereaux, Santa Rosa; third
| alternate, Susan llities. San Francisco.
The subject of memorial crove-tree plant-
I ing was brought up, as the ceremonies will be
| held in Sacramento on Saturday next on
ground- set apart for ttie purpose by the capi
tol commissioners. The idea of a "tree-pant
ing originated tome months ago with Mrs.
Eliza H. Waggoner of Edward Roby Circle of
Sacramento. Since then the proposition ex
tended to such a degree that it was decided to
have the deportment, instead of one circle,
take charge of it. A large number of trees
j htt-.o been contributed, and each will repre
i tent sonic- spot that is historic in the war of
tike Rebellion. One is a tree donated from an
ex-Confederate soldier of Appomattox, whose
house was the headquarters ot General Lee at
the time ot the surrouder.
The Woman's Kelief Corps.
The following-named ladies will he the offi
cers of the Woman's Relief Corps for the ensu
ing year, they having been chosen at the con
vention held last weeK in Salinas: Depart
ment president, Mary E. Hartwcll, Los
Aneeles; senior vice, Abby D. Sylvester, River
side; junior vice, Edith L. Baker, Salinas;
treasurer, fda L. Jam?, Pasadena; cnapiain,
Jennie A. Briges, San Jose.. Executive board-
Carrie A. H' use, San Diego; Eflie M. Patterson,
Norwklk; Emma Pruit, Auburn; Helen E.
Megs, East Los Angeies; Josie Wa.nen, Los
Angeles. National delegates— Cora Merritt,
de>egate at large. Oakland; Louise Smith, Oak
land; Anna W. Lewis, Carrie A. House, iSan
Diego; Kliaa Mieparil, Oakland. Alternates-
Jennie Bridges, Allie A. Hi-witl, Los Angeles;
Abby C. Weeks, Helen E. Megs, East Los An
geles; Mary Newcuinb, Valiejo.
Twelve members were elected to the Home
Board Association, W. R. c.'s home at Ever
green, Cal., as follows: Lue Tripp, No. 2;
Lizzie Condy. No. 29; Eliza Sliepard, No. 6;
Julia K. Ever, No. M; Laura Robinson, No. 3;
Cecilia Holt, No. 29: Jessie Barnard. No. 76;
Mary Farmer, No. 30; Eva Bell, No. 36;
Louise Burkley, No. 87; Hannah Felker No
57: Annio Leavitt, No. 61.
The convention acknow'edge«l greetings
from Past Department President Mrs. B. J
Russell, Mrs. M?ry L. McHenery ana Mrs.
Jennie L. Southwortu, aUo pa h >ed a vote of
thanks to the citizens of Salinas for ttieir
many courtesies aud efforts to entertain
Special mention was made of the loyal manner
iv which the teachers of the public schools
instructed tho youth of ihe city and instilled
into their young minds the true principles of
patriotism, ss evinced by their grand »alute
to Old Glory.
On the last day of the session the newiy
elected officers were installed by Mrs. Eliza
beth d'Arcy Kinue.ari'l just before adjourn
ment Mrs. Laura J. R/>binson, the retrring
president, was presented with a beautiful sil
ver tea set, and Mrs. Mary E. Hartwell was
presented by Mrs. T. W. Harris with a basket
of exquisite flowers.
The next department convention will be
held in Nevada City at the same time that the
n#xt department encampment is called.
The Native Uaugbten.
Colombia is the name of the new parlor re
cently instituted at Colombia, Tuolumne
County, and it is No. 99 on the roll. The in
stitution was by Deputy District Grand Presi
ident Mrs. M. J. Wells ot Dardanelle Parlor,
assisted by Mrs. N. A. Rot her, president; Miss
Hannah Morris, past president; Mrs. M. J.
Hampton, marsnal; Miss Irene G. Hall, secre
tary, - nd Mrs. M. Hender. Mrs. H. Hartvig
and Miss Ellen Carroll, all members of Darda
nelle Parlor. The new parlor starts out witn
twenty-one charter members and it has a
promise of many candidates. The officers
elected and installed are: Mi« Maggie Con
lin, past president: Miss Louis» Eckel, presi
dent; Mrs. Rose Fallon, Miss Laura Sleber;
and Miss Frances Arnold, vice-presidents;
M:ss Lillie Rehm, recording and financial sec
retary; Mrs. N. Grant, treasurer; Mrs. Mary
Almedia, marshal; Miss N. Siebert, Mrs.
L>u.sa Price and Mrs. tmiih, trustees, and
Laura Bacu-aluDl outside sentinel. At the
close of the ceremony of installation there
was a gathering around the festal board and a
splendid time was imd until the "wee short
hours ayent the twal."
The young ladies of Dardanelle Parlcr of
Sonora were quite bu^y for several weeks pa-t
preparing for a minstrel show announced to
be given in Turn Verein Hal this evening. It
is to be a burnt-cork performance, and will bo
the "Darktown Girls" up to date.
Tho Daughters Will Help.
Martha Washington Council, Daughters of
Liberty, has decided to assist the movement
for the erection of a monument to the memory
of Abraham Lincoln, and to accomplish that
end will give an entertainment and dance m
Union-square Hall on the evening of Monday,
May 12. An excellent programme will be
v tie red. and the committee in charge will do
ali it can to make the aft'air a success so that a
good financial showing lor the fund cau be
made.
Leo Assembly's Anniversary.
To-morrow evening Leo Assembly No. 4 of
the Y. M. C. U. will cive its ninth anniversary
entertainment and dance in B'nai B'rith Hall.
A flne*programme will be presented at 8 o'clock
and at 10 o'clock there will be dancing.
I. a<lles of the Maccabees.
The members of Modln Hive, Ladies of the
Maccabees, are making preparations for a so
cial to be given iv Social Hall of the Foresters'
building on the evening of May 7.
GIVEN A SABER.
A Pleasant Ceremony at the Headquar
ters of Company A. League of
the Cross Cadets.
A pleasing ceremony took place at the
headquarters of Company A, League of
the Cross Cadets, 331 Golden Gate avenue,
Monday night.
Besides the members of the company,
which is the pioneer company, a large
number of ladies and gentlemen were
present.
First Lieutenant William C. Hopper pre
sented Captain Frank S. Drudy with a
cold-mounted saber, belt ana swordknot,
on behalf of the company. Captain Dradv
was emphatically taken by surprise, but
succeeded like a soldier in quickly recov
ering nimself and expressing his thanks.
A musical and literary programme fol
lowed, during which Rev. Father Yorke
delivered an extended and appropriate
address, paying a high compliment to
Captain Drady for the great personal in
terest he had aiwaya taken in his com
mand.
Too Much Damages.
In tbe case of Frank K. Thiele against Simon
Newman tne judgment of the Superior Court
was reversed by the Supreme Court and a new
trial ordered. Thiele brought action against
Newman to recover tieb.e damages for injury
done to his land by a fire kinaled by one of
Newman's employes on his own land, which
adjoined the plaintiff's land, and wnich
spread over and upon the Thiele property.
The jury found a verdict for tnree times the
amount of the actual damages. From this
verdict Newman appealed and with success.
Died From Appendicitis.
Policeman M. J. Heaphy of Captain Gillen'a
division died at St. Mary's Hospital early yes
terday morning from appendicitis. An opera
tion was performed to save his life, but it was
unsuccessful. He was born February 17, 1361,
and joined the force February 26, 1892. He
leaveß a widow and three young cuildren, who
will get $1000 from the Widows' and Orphans'
Aid Association and $100 for funeral ex
penses.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. ■
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Pren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open daily
lrom 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and Thursday evenlnss
to 10 o'clock. •
William Bayly recently disposed of 51 per
cent of the stock of the Tom Boy mine at
Telluride, Colo., to an English syndicate for
the sum of $2,225,000. The mine has paid
$800,000 in dividends the last two years.
Faster Time on the Santa F« Route.
Three and One-half Days to
Chicago or St. Louis— Four
and One-half Uavs to
New York.
Leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 6 P. h., connection Is made at Barctow with the
famous Santa ie limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The handsomest, train on earth -
equipment and appointments faultiest. Daliy
through sleeping- curs, bo.h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold vis
Ogden. Portland, Mojave, Los Angeles. Demluc or
El Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Market
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 153 L
Railroad Tickets to the East tlh Bio
Grande Western and Denver aud
Kio Grande Railways,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every d»r.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday.
Wednesday aud Thursday. Only line permlttlai
stop-over at Salt Lake Ctty on all classes of tlcl£9U
Detailed Information and ticket* furnished at 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California stress
"Mrs. "Win slows Soothing S.vrnp"
Has been used over flf:y rear* by millions ot
mothers for tbelr children wblie Teething with per*
fact success. It rooi hen the child, Boftensihe sums,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates : he Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from tee. a ing or other causes. >or sale by drug
gists In every pan of the world. Be sure and ask
tax Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. 26c a botUe.
Cmionatio.- Atmosphere ii perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from tne mists com
mon further north. Round- trip tlckats. by steam
ship, luclnditiK fifteen days' board at the Hotel <!•!
Corooado, *6<> : longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery s-rec:. San Vrancisco.
By. sure and supply your toilet with a bottle of
Ayer'sHalr Vißor. it keeps the hair soft and
giufsy, and the scalp cool and clean.
"Don't cry !" he entreated.
Then he perceived that her handkerchie!
was edged with the most exquisite lace.
"Don't weep!" he said, correcting himself.—
Detroit Journal.
arrw to-dat:
Spring storms first overturn
those trees which are not well
grounded Don't let these
enervating spring days find
you poorly prepared to resist
them. To have strong nerves,
rich blood, good appetite and
sound digestion is to be well
grounded. Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil with Hypo-
phosphites will give all these,
because it nourishes the whole
system and reaches the very
tissues of life. Better have
the spring cough blow by you
rather than stop with you for
weeks or all summer long.
For sale by all druggists at 50 ceots and $I.o*
SCOTT & bOWNE, Cbemisu, New York.■•■^^HrSS^ f<r^
WEDSIiSUAV APRIL. 'JB. 1897
A.Vil SEMENTS.
BaT-Pttiv Thkatk.i; — Primrose nnd . West's
illnsirels.-
Coi.i-mbia Theater -• A Bun on the Bank."
MoROSco'sOPEUA-lIorRK-' The Sihukblois. 1
Ai.cazar Theatkk A Noble Ho^ue. "
Ttvoij Opkra Housk O'Brien."
■ Okhhki-m— Hijjh-Class Vaudeville.
» m han.cV I'aviuos- Kins; of Horse
Taint- rs
Hirv< i.k Kacks— Corner Baker and Fell streets,
BoDday aitcrnooM, at - O'clock.
' Mttbo IiATHS.-Bath!ns nnd Performances.
Tnv: Chi-tks anp Skatino Rink— at
Iliimht BtreeC, one bloc* east of the Park.
Haywabd's Park.— Concerts every Sunday.
A(.i*i<_ Coast Jockkv ri.i-n.— Hacts to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCL'RSIO\S.
El. Cam ro— Music, Dancing, i-oatlug. Fishing,
e\ tiv Bnnday.
Al tTIOiN Al< S.
Ht r. S. stfar * Co.— This day. April 28,
Furniture at 915 Valencia -t . a; 11 o clock.
«V stbket 4 < Hi— hi -This da,, April
28, oou, corn -i \'a.>-u.iaa:<dTwuuly-sixlbsts ,
at 11 o'clock.
By <t!--. ! kvt * Co— Thursday. Aprl l 29,
Hair.tJoods. etc. at 1135 Market si., at 11 o'clock.
By bru-iVAS «t liovi-K— Iriday. April 30.
H«r>es BuKKles, tic., »i corner sixteeuth and
Valencia streets, at 11 oclock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fa-r:y c ady Wednesday.— W. H. Hammon,
forecast < ffi sial.
• Batema Bros, have been warued to hurry
work on the Hell of Justice.
' Louisa Warren was nearly asphyxiated by a
tlnei who stole her diamonds.
The Marriott case in Judge Daingerfield's
Court will probably last all week.
The Grand Jury yesterday beean an investi
gation of the i'oiice Court bond business.
The promoters of the Mission Park plan met
yesterday and effected a permanent organiza
tion.
Mr. Hardiman, the oilman of Los Angc-les,
hag discovered a rich gold placer mine in
Chile.
Supervisors will endeavor to discourage
alterations or improvements on aisreputab.e I
alleys.
The parishioners of St. Francis 1 Parish will !
hold a erand reunion at Schueizcn Park on I
May day.
Mirs Remßen, Tulare, Montalladc, Cse«arian,
Kowalsky and imp. Trance took purses at
lugleside yesterday.
Marshal P. Eales left last evening with
Joseph T. Hurd. the defaulting City Clerk 01
Cripple Creek. Colo.
Harry Cohen, a hotel sneakthiei, was
booked* at the City Prison last 'light on three
charges of bunjlury.
Harry Arnold is charged with grand larceny
for having pawned a diamond ring he bor
rowed from a friend.
Mrs. May Lelievre, deserted by her lover,
attempted suicide yesterday morning by swal
lowing carbo.ic acid.
The matter of rate reductions in Marin
County vriis heard before the Railroad Com
m:s>io;iers yesterday.
Thomas Thompson, convicted of stealing
Senator Mahoney's watch, has been sentenced
to six years in the Mate prison.
Much locai interest has been aroused by the
foray of the Knglishman, l»rummond, "into
Hoa luras. details ol aich are given to-day.
Mme. Bishop was the star attraction at the
fir>t concert of the CiliforuiH Music Festival
Association r.: Metropolitan Temple last night.
•Albert Davis, a barber in 'the Mission who
shut his brotner-ln-law about four months
ago, is ngam wanted for an assault with a
deadly weupon.
The Fire Committee ol the Board of Super-
Tison will inspect me roofs of a number of
business blocks to see whether the specifica
tions are being violated.
Professor Frank Soule reported to the Uni
versity re cent's at their meeting yesterday
that the foundation of the A ffi I a ted College
building is atroug and substantial.
Hancock Bros-, who sued the California Di
tW-.oii League 01 American Wheelmen a few
days aero mid obtained a judgment, have at
tached the belongings and paraphernalia ol
•.he division,
Walter Sperry was arrested in Vallejo yes
teniay and b.-ou^htto the City Prison on'tiie
charge of grand larceny, for sieu.ing a lot of
. jewelry from a lady wiiu roomed in his
mother's tiouse. ■
The second day's session of the Woman's j
Congre.** was devote J to the discussiou of the ;
in-du^;rlal «rt-. Among tne speakers were j
Mayor Ptieijui, Professor Bro-wn, George Mor- •
rill aud MissCariiu.
Beginning Tuesday, MRy 11, and continu
inc for five days aud evening*-, a gingerbread
fete will bu heid at Mrs. Clarke_ Crocker's resi
dence for the benefi-t of the Cnildrens' Hospi
lal and Training-School for Nurses.
Parah Sheehan, aeed 18, died oi peritonitis
last Sunday morning at her residence, 210
ilouliou street. She accused a r'iilmore- I
nrei't cur conductor of having betrayed her.
The Coroner has taken charge of the case.
Attorney Delmas surprised the attorneys for
the Fair estate yesterday by announcing that
Mrs. Craven would not deny that Senator tair
visited Snn Rafael in Sepiemb<3r, 1894. Just
what she will dispute, however, ne smilingly
declined to divutge. It was this San Rafael
Ftory that, consumed the entire day in the
grout trial and will be on the boards again to
day. Iv- V ,\.' ■ "
The body of an unknown German anarchist
-was found in the biu«ti back ol the Affiliated
Colleges yesterday morning He had been
dead since February 10. hy his side wa« a
p:stoi. Papers in possession showen that
he atle ded the World's Fair in ChiCHgo in
1593, '.hat his iniiiuis were "P. 8.," tnat he
was v. ue: ra«n of some education and at the
time of hU death was slightly demented.
A testimonial benefit will be given to Ben
Eaylor. late billiard instructor of the Olympic
Club, by the contestants oi the lute amateur
biliiard tournament, prior to his departure for
New York. ■ Tne entertainment w.ll be held vi
Frank's biliiani-rooms on Friday evening,
when Al Mitchell and George liein-'Cfce will
pl»>- 200 nt-, balk line. Savior will also
give a:, exhibition oi l'ancy billiards, at which
ne U very clever.
The Board Supervisors will make an ei
amltiatii.n of the railroad cro£«ines witnln
their jurisdiction this morning, leaving Third
and Townsend at 10 »'ck.ck in a *-peeial car fur
nished by the railroad company. The object
of Iho vis'.t is to ascertain the amount of
da'iger to pedestrians and teams using the
cros.-nipjH npd the necessity of the gates that
Supervisor Clinton has asked be piaced tit a
dozen or more of li.em.
James Burns has applied to the Superior
Court lor permission to change his name to
James Douovaa. U..- gives a- a. reason ihci lie
is generally known amove his associates a.-
Donovan and tha. his. iormet wife,ironi whom
he has been dlvurced. still calls herself Mrs.
James Burns, that by her Immorality and gen
tral bad conduct she lias tr.>ugbtdisgraee and
dishonor ui-on the name oi Jiurns, and hie does
not now wish to t>e mistaken ior her husbniMi.
Mrs. £. Scbultze has begun nuit against ; lie
Epring Va.iey Water «'omp.iny lor $2'J9 lor
di.mages to her property. She states in her
complaint tliat ou of thu defendant's mains
near her home en Michigan aud Nap* s>truets
burst, lici thai Cbe volume of water that
j.-iure.l i.ut unuoimiued tiie fuundaiion of the
nouse, dnmaging v to the extent oi $500. Sbe
r<nitui s-.ufficient of tn*i amount lo bring her
demand v/itnin the jurisdiction oi the Justice's
court, whore suit i* brought.
JEW TO-DAT.
Vhether. itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, orhereditary, from infancy to age,
■peedily cured by warm baths with Cuticcra
Boaf, gentle anointings with CrjncußA(oint-
ment), the great skin care, and mild doses
of Ccticora Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
*» thronihont the world. Pottb« Deco avdCbbic*
v**!".. s->i< I'rop«.. Boston. ! ; ' ' ■ f,j-"
ftr- -Ilow to V lire Every Blood Humor, free.
FSPC UlliinDC Fattinc Hair and Baby Blem-
DISMAL SECRET
Of SOME WRECK
Doors and O.her Things
Picked Up by the
Luisa D.
P. Petersen Fell Overboard oa
Christmas Day and Was
Drowned.
Mate McMurry of th; Sh;p Oriental
Fell Into tlte Hold and Was
Xi Id.
The sealing schooner Luisa D, which
left here last December, returned to port
yesierday with 729 skins, all caught on the
coast. Their va. ue is about $5000, but the
money due the hunters and crew on their
"lay" and tbc cost of fitting the ve->el
will come to nearly that sum, so the own
ers will t>e glad v they come out even on
the venture.
The captain of the schooner reports that
on the 20 h in«t., wlien thirty miles south
east of Cape Flattery, tbe boats were all
out huntmr. On their return they re
ported l.aviiiE passed through a large
quantity oi wreckage. One ot the boats
picked up two doors aiw a portion of a
cami)hor-wood chest. The wreckage is
supposed to be from the missing collier
Samaria. The only thing tbat marred the
trip of the schooner was the loss of one oi
the hunters. It was on Chriitnias morn
ine, soon after tne Luisa D had lei i port.
It was a sqnally morning and rain was
falling. P. Petersen, known all over the
coast es ' Tuic Pete," came on d*»ck. He
had nis overcoat on and over it an oilskin ;
on his leet were a i air of ion.: rubber
boots. He walked aft and was looking aft
when a suuden jump of tne schooner
caused him to lose his balance, and he
f«r:l overboard. In three minutes two
boats were manned and in the water, but
Petersen's heavy clothing must . aye
taken him down, as he was never seen
again.
The ship Oriental, from Departure Bay,
docked at Mission-street wharf yesterday.
Stie also brought a story of a fatality.
"White the yes-el was lying at the bunkers
Obief Officer McMurry started to go below
to see how the men were trimming coal,
He had been down-, a short while beiore,
tv: bad gone on deck again to secure a
lantern. While away the hatch on tne
lower deck was removed to give more air
and McMurry, not knowing it was gone,
attempted to step onto it and was pre
cipitated into the hoid. His injuries were
fatal. He was sent to the hospital at
Nanaimo, B. C, but died the day the
Oriental sailed.
"Warren B. English. ex-Collector of the
Port at oakian>l, is maxim; .-. vigorous
ns;ht for the position of purchasing agent
for ths Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners. A iiutnDer of other Democratic
politicians are after the same job, but the
: chances aro tuat English will get the
plum.
The tugs Vigilant ana Reliance had an
other race yesterday. On this occasion
I the Vigiltnt won by about three lengths.
1 while on the former the Keliance beat her
rival by aDout the same distance. Both
tugs took vessels to O.ikland Creek ana
then meed home. Down ttie creek it was
nip and tuck, but in the bay the Vigilant
made better weather of it and won the
race. Now Captain John Silovich is
happy.
Some thieves -»tole a barrel of sugar and
stored it in the empty louse at 26 Steuart
street. When tue place was beins re
paited yesterday the barrel was discov
ered, auu Officer Whittle took it to the
Harbor police station. It is now awaiting
an owner.
Captain Zat;dart takes Captain Han«en's
place on the steamer South Coast, and
Captain Hinfcle of the Yuquina, which
was wrecked at Hueuenie, goes out on the
Alex Duncan.
The wrecker Whitelaw left for Vic
toria, B. C, yesterday. She will go to
work on the remains of the ban Pedro,
and Captain Whiielaw exuecty to recover
a considerable amount oi ;ho wreckage.
The steamer City of Everett, from Np
naimo, arrived ast nient and reported
that on Bunday, April 26, at 5 p. m.. in lat
itude 46:27 north, longitude 124:. : i5 west,
they [Kisseil a snip's poop-ladder about
four feet lone, curved and scr.tptd bright.
CROWDING THE BATEMANS
Supervisors Want Work on the
Hail o. Justice Pushed
A on i
Contractor Warn.d That They Must
Bmrrjr or No" Expec; Fu'ar.-
F .vor
The Public Buildings Committee of the
Board of Supervisors dragged Baleman
Brothers, the contractors tor the Hail of
Justice, over the coals yesterday and de
manded an explanation o! th? alow prog
ress of the work on the new municipal
building.
Architect Sbea reported that the
amount of work so far accomplished v,-a*
far from satisfactory, and Chairman Shee
ban called upon a member of the con
tracting firm for the reasons for dolay.
Bateman said that the firm was hesitating
whether or not to make a contract with
ti.e Colusa Sandstone Company or open a
quarry of its own. He stated that th
i -.tone selected wan the s;ime as usetl on
lie new ferry building, .-md that the com
pany seomed to have tiiflkn ty in furnish
iiig .Miflir: ent lor that structure.
Architect Shea deniwii this statement.
He said that he had called on the presi
dent o! the stone company and hau
learned that Bateman Brotb«rs had not
made any effort to let a contract for the
stone. The president haa informed him
that the company had a bie plant at the
quarry a:ul couid turn out as much stone
as was desired. He would iigree, Mr. Shea
said, to begin delivering stone in this City
within three d;iys after signing a contract.
Considerable surprise was expressed by
the coramitteemen at this state of affairs,
and Bateman was given distinctly to un
derstand that the-e deiuys were rendering
hii chances of getting an extension of
time on bis contract, should one be asked,
les« and less.
Bateman said that his brother was
handling the matter and that he was eat
isfied that it would be BottleJ up La a few
days. .
Robbed in a Salonu.
John Segerson, who iivos in the Plaza House,
on Clay street, near Kearuy. swore to a com
plaint in Judge Low's court yesterday charg
ing "John Doe" Connor with grand larceny.
Secerson sars he got drunk in Martin Ryan's
saloon, 864 Howard street, Saturday night,
and fell atiieop in a ihair. Wlieu he « woke he
iound that he had bee:i robbed of $14. Some
people told him that they saw Conuor going
through his pockets. -. •*_ •_•-■■
Snrticie.it i'«.-»rriptlon.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment aud older vi Uie lower court ia iha cut
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
of John B. Rea against Alfred Haffenden and
others and the Rarona Company and others.
This was an action to foreclose a mortgage
upon certnln lands, executed by Haffenden to
s-'-ure payment of his promissory note for
.S7OOO. It v*as claimed in the lower court that
ihe pain tiff's mortgage was invalid for want
oi description of the land, and this claim was
based on the theory that it attemDted to de
scribe a part of a Mexican grant sima'.cd in
Snn Diego County. Judgment wps given for
X a, .aid the Barona Company appealed ai d
lost.
HOTEL SNEAKTHIEF.
Harry Cohen, an Kx-Cunvict, Booked
ut the City PrUon on Three Charges
of Burglary.
Harry Cohen, a hotel sneakthief, was
booke I at the City Prison last night by
Defectives Whitaker, Bee and Harper on
three cuarges of burglary.
Cohen was sent to San Quentin on De
cember 26 for thre" months for burglary
in the second degree. He stole several
articles of j weir? trom the room of a
guest in th»- Palace Hotel.
Soot) alter h;s release complaints were
received at police tieauquarters that a
sneakihief had been at work in some
of tiie leading hotels an-i Captain Bohen
detailed Detective Whi taker to investigate
the case of H. Stern, whose room iv the
Hote Savoy had been entered on April 19
aiH $200 worth <■ jewelry stolen.
WhuaUer B-e and Harper to assist
him and they recovered some of the stolen
property, which Cohen had pawned, and
Cohen was artested and identified as tbe
person who pawned it.
Yesterday t.;e detectives located Cohen's
room in a house on Third s.reet, near
Mission, and there they found a lot of
lady's clothing that had been stolen from
tiie room of John Dougati, in the Califor-
A LETTER FROM FRANCES E. WILLARD.
nia Hotel, on April 23; also a quantity of
oloihing stolen from the room of H. M*"-
Murchv, in the Grand Hotel, on April 18.
Hesides these they found a dress suit be
longing to ex-Congressman C. M. Felton
that had been stolen from the Pacific
Union Club, an overcoat marked "Dr.
Charles Bass," and a cold-iieaded cane
and other property stolen from the room
of Carl Martens in the Langham Hotel.
ST. FRANCIS OUTING
A Plea«ant Picnic Will Be Held la
Schueizen Park on .M;iy
Day.
A cfand reunion of the parishioners of
St. Francis Parish of this City wiil be
jriver. next Saturday, M»y 1, M Schuetzen
Park, near San Kaiaei. The tirst boat, on
which will be the band, will leave the
Tiburon ferry at 9 o'clock in the morning
andthe last train will leave the pa k a:
t!:HS o'clock in the afternoon. Ovjr 180
gate prizes of ali kinds will bedistribu cd.
The committee on games bas prepared a
very interestine programme and over bfty
t>nz?s wi 1 be given to the w nners of th«
running races, jumping, :ancy dancing,
target-shooting, etc. No p r ofessionals will
be allowed to compete. There will also
be beauty urizn- for tne handsomest ba
bies and the best-looking young lady on
t!ie grounds.
Ex-Captain P. Connors has offered a
beautiful sword, to be presented o the
most popular member of Company M,
League of the Cross Cadets, to be decided
by imlltv, the votin-; to be done on tne
ground. There will be a lireiv compe
tition for the weapon. Th* affair baa
been arranged by tne following gentle
men:
Genernl picnic committee — P. A. Buckley
(Chairman), John J. Duddv (-ecretary), P. A.
Connors, J. (Jormsn. T. c. Hiliard, T. «. Cun
ningham, J.-tmc* Kttterman, William M. till
l«spie, M. Giea«on, John Foley, H. Ourrtn, J.
G.en>-O'i, Johu Kelly Jr., J. Toomey, E't Foley,
H. McXeel -y, i;. Fuller. Mr. MillernicM, P. Con
nors. L. Ledwich. E. MnCurren, A. D. Conniff,
M. Donigan, Joseph A. Murphy. P. Thornion,
E. iiyau, Joan Simpson. M. Thornton, M. Me-
Clinchy, James .McGuire, Mr. Brncher, J.
Coilho, Mr. McFadden, T. Burns unfi P. Mc-
Gowan.
Committee on grounds— J»me« Kittermnn
j (chairman), I. A. Connors, William Gil
' lespie.
Committee on games — John Foley (chalr
!i». ), .'"tin J. Duddy, Charles Kiley, Edward
Ryan, P. Connors, M. McFadden, T. Burns,
(jc-orge X erin n.
Reception committee— T. B. Cunningham
: (chairman). James Gilleran, John Kelly Jr ,
' P. McGow.i, M. Oleiison. C. Muller, Edward
| Folei, J. Milreck, Mr. Healy.
No Rrdoctlon Glvun.
The promoters of the pure-food congress, to
be held on Friday and Saturday, hare received
a little setback. It was iheir hope to be able
to s«cure from the Southern Pacific Company
n reduction of passenger rates for the dele
gates to the congress. The transportation
committee, consisting- of Julian Son n and
h. N. Kuwiey, called upon the official! of the
road to secure the desired reduction, but the
company declined to make any concession,
arguing that the ticket scalpers would get
hold of the half-rate tickets and sell to per
sons not entitled to the privilege* that go with
the aame. .
FRANCES WILLARD
REVERES LINCOLN
Governor Budd Also Does
Honor to the Model
Citizen.
Gratifying Words of Praise
From Two Rpresenta
tive People.
"In This Money Ag»," S ys Miss
Willard, " Unco n's Character
Stands Ser.n ."
In these da ys when the grand figure of
Grant is being ilistinguished en tne East
ern coast by the eli:e of the Nation it
seems pecu iarly appropriate that the
Western project for honoring the ruar
tyrpd President, Lincoln, suouid be re
ceived wuh open hands and hearts.
The two monuments — twin sentinels of
patriotism— would rightly stand on the !
Eastern and Western seaboards of the Na
tiou. At Riverside will tower the stately
meraorial to the patient, rugged genius
that could fight "all summer" if necessary
to achieve the purpose of a concentrated
srenius. In Golden Gate F ark may rise a
fitting tribute to ttie great raii--<plitterand
far-sighted war President, whose steady
paze was always fixed on the permanent
honor and glory of his darling republic.
Tuo consummation of this poetical and
practical project of commemoration may
well lend itself to earnest effort, and it is
evident that "the people" by their most
prominent repre«entauves are eager to
iielp the realization of the twofolu crown
ine of patriotic genius.
Among; the latest letters on the subject
received are two from Frances E. Wlllard.
president of the World's Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, and from Gover
nor James H. Budd of Califo. nia, re
spectively.
Mis* Willard writes:
Atlantic City. N. J. 19 April. 1897. i
Mr. W. W. Stone— MY l)E*n Brother: I uave ;
more biographies of Abraham Lincoln in my
library than ol any other human being. I know
more of his sayings by neart and hold him
uighrr and dearer than any other, except Him
\Tho is holiest among the mighty mid
, mi--h;i<-st among the holy. - -
The universal celebration ol his birthday,
etperialiy by our own people, would do more
to make old-fashioned American men and
wome.i, with Iron in the blood ana granite in
the backbone, than any other single ob
servance.
| lv this age of devotion to money the char-
GOVERNOR BUDD IN LINE.
acter of Lincoln, with Its rugged honesty,
poetic strength and warm humanity, stands
steady and serene, our "El Cupitan" among
me:,. ',--■■> /
Believe me, yours in the sacred bonds of
patriotism and the golden rnle,
Frances E. Willakd.' -
Governor Budd s?nds the following:
Executive Department, »
: 1 a. .2.1 state 0* '"aufornia. )
W. W. Stone F.tq., President Lincoln Monument
League. San FraneUco. Oil.— l»ear mr: lit r..
--}>ly to your favor oi April 10, 1 inclose a small
lirlbuiion to assist the patriotic cause for
which your league was organize i. Abraham
Lincoln will long continue a model ns a citi
zen, a lawyer and a statesman, aud any project
which has for ltt object the perpetuation of
his honored momory should receive the eat
nest support of all who would elevate the
ttnndnrd of our citizenship. As a typical Amer
ican, Lincoln's career and character gnould
be constantly, presented , to ' the t attention of
all our people. '- ; .V,
With best wishes for the success of your pat*
riotic purpose, I rem«i" your* truly,
James H. Budd, Governor. ■
April 23, 1897.
BOBBED A ROOMER.
vYaltvr Sperrjr Arrrstert in V .ill. for
Orand Larceny.
Walter Bperry last Friday brok* into
the room of Mrs. E. W. Evans, 930 Suiter
street, and stole a gold - watch, aereral
articles of diamond jewelry and twoopera
glass**, valned at $900. ■ . '
■- Mrs. Evans occupied a suite of rooms in
the house ot which perry's mother is the
landlady, but since the robbery she has
removed to the house next door. ! : : ■ '
The police ' w«r« notiaed ana Detectivs
Anthony was detailed on the case. He
found that Sperry had borrowed $10 on
the stolen articles from a saioon-Keeper
and had pone to Vallejo. * The poiice there
were notified and yesterday morning word
was receive-.l that Sperry had been ar
rested. Captain Bohen sent Detective
Reynold? to Vallojo and he returned last
nis;ht with Speny. who was charged with
grand larceny.
All the stolen property hag been re
covered except a gold ring.
THE BIG GUNS.
Practice With HeaTy Artillery at the
Milit;ny Posts— Monthly
Blaster.
The annual target practice of the bat
teries < f heavy artillery sta^ione I in this
harbor will begin on Monday. May 3. and
will be held at tne Presidio of San Fran
cisco. Alcatraz Island and Fort Mason, as
follows: Two batteries from Aneel Island
and the two batteries at the Presidio will
lio.d practice witii th* 10 and 15 inch
smooth-bore cuns at tne latter post; one
battery from An^el Island and the two
batteries at Aicatraz Island will bold
practice with the 10 and 15 inch smooth
bore euns at the latter post; the baitery
at Fnrt Masnn will hold its practice with
the lu-i:.ch smooib-bore guns at tiia; T>ost,
and will r«Dort to the commanding officer,
Aicatraz Island, for practice with tiiu 15
--inch smnoth-bore puns after conin'etion
of practice Ht tuat post by the batteries
above aliened to i.
As soon a* ali iractice with the smootn
bore armcmen: is concluded practice will
oe held at ill" Presiilio with the breech
iomi !!u> arniiiin ■■;■.: ;n ;he following order:
12-inch breech - loading rifles, 12- inch
breech - loading rifled mortars, 3.6-inch
breech-loading rifled lield mortars. 15
--inch pneumatic dynamite suns.
All «he baiti-Ties will be present ilailr
durin • this practice excepting that witn
the 3.6-:ncn breech- load. ng rifled held
mortar, whicli will be conducted by the
batteries in succession.
On Friday morning there will be the
mo'.tbly muster ol 'he troops at the
Presidio, wuen about 800 men in full dress
uniform will be on the parade grcund.
WILL EXPLOIT TRADE
Commercial Travelers tn Go From G»I-
Tefton to the Spanish Main, Ceutral
America and Mexico. ;
For some time past the papers of Cali
fornia have been urging the merchants of
Oregon, Washington and this State to ex
tend their busine-s to Mexico and Central
American States. While the merchants
of the Northwest have been dreaming the
matter nas been taken up by people in
Galveston, Tex., and the following circu
lar has been sent to almost every merchant
in the three States named:
Acting on the suggestion of gome Northwest
ern manufacturer:- who are, de*' rous oi ex;eud
ing their trade to Mexico. Central America and
the Spanish Main, I am annul to tit up hand
some.y a vessel with iliiny to thirty-five cab
ins and with sampU-rooms, lor commercial
travelers to ko cm a cruise of six months or
more to the following p>rts: < uinatiM. Barce
lona, Corupann, La Guyra, Puerto Cabello, La
Veia, Coro, Mnricaibo, in Venezuela: Rio
Hacba. Sauta Marta, Sabanilla, Baranqu;ilo,
Cartagena, Colon, in Colombia; Puerto Liraon
in t'o>tn Rica; Blue-fields and Ur«ytown, Nici
ragua: Oraoa, Puerto C rtez. Trnjilio, in Hon
duras-; Santo Tomns, Puerto Bsrrio-, :n Gnate
nia...; I'r -creso, <.:armen, Coaizocoaicog, Mir.a
titlan, Veracruz, Tuxpau hud Tampico, in
Mexico.
Eich representative is allowed baggage re
spectively, samples not exceeding one and a
hah tons (60 cubic feoi measurement) free, and
has the use of tne ship's boats to co.ivey Aim
to shore or his customers to the ship's sample
rooms. First-ciass table and service will make
the ship to all purposes a floating commercial
Hotel. A stenograpnor. : a doctor and two
Spanish scholars to interpret and to teach the
Sgauish if desired, as well as one conversant
with custom-house routine, accompany the
expedition, which is calculated to rxtend over
six months at ieast. First, bacause the ship
stay* in each port sufficiently .long to give an
opDortunity to visit all important interior
towns. This also gives any one belated at a
preceding port the chance to catch up. and
thus meets the objection which the writer has
experienced on the road— that in a crowd of
travelers one often » has to await the others'
convenience. Second, the methods ot business
men in the tropics are different from and
vastly more delioerate than ours. Business
there cannot be rushed. : : ...
Alfred Tliier of San Francisco starts for
Galveston in a couDie of weeics. Ue wil]
be chM officer of the ship that is to carry
the expedition. He says that the cost of
the six months' trip to each drummer will
be about $800.
After the doctors baa given up a New
Jersey man who was dying of hiccoughs,
he was cured by eiiting a dish of ice cream
which he craved r.s m last boon before bid
ding a final adieu to the world. So idio
syncratic is the human stomach that
boiled beef and cabbage nave beea known
to act in ice same way.
A MINING MAN
FROM AFRICA
Superintendent of Many
Valuable Transvaal
Properties.
Emile R. Ab die Aooointed Man
ager of the Grand Central
, Mining C mpany.
He Says Things Are V rv Unsatis
factory and U ettled Under
Kruer'; Rue.
Emile R. Abadie, tie California mining
engineer, who has for nearly three j-pas
been at Johannesburg, South Africa, in
connection with important j'ropcrties, ar
rived heri a-, night, accompanied by
Mrs. Arjadie, and is at the Paiace.
Mr. Abatiie is one ot the Californians
who liave made a thorough success in
South Africa and has accumulated quite a
neat fortune. F>r n :ie years pr or to >:o
ing to S tuth Air ca he was superintendent
of the North Star nii:ie. Wuen he re
signed his post and went to South Afr.ca
he was placed in rtaame of the Wcmnie
mine at Johannesburg, which he devel
oped in handsome sn;ipe.
More recently lie lias been in charge of
the B iffelxdorn E-tate Goli Miniae Com
pany, cotnrolled by tlie muun; prince,
i>ar:iey Barnato.
The reason of his return here is to take
the position of (t^nerai manager of the
Grand Centrnl Minine Companr, oivnine
and operatiut; the Grmul "Central and
other properties near lures, in the Minas
Prietas district in t-ot-.ora. Theee are large
gold mines, and were bought in September
last by the London Exploration Company
as one vi the purchases on tiiis coast.
Mr. Abadie will only be here a day or
two before lea Yin:; for Sont.n. A number
of old California friends oi Mr. and Mrs.
Abadie called on them la-it night.
Mr. Abadie says things are in an un
satisfactory cond'tion in the Transvaal
nuw. President Krueer nas placed the
Supreme Court subordinate to the LeEis
iHture. ami ba< on way and another
caused dissat'sfaotion amonc the Uitland
ers He thinks there will yet be trouble
in South Africa if a change for the better
does not soon take place. No money is
now beincinve-ted and the mining prop
erties are much uepressed in the stock
market.
Otpt 400 dn. m ri.> are known to have
h«en recovered fr<>m ih»* ruins of Baby.on.
Many arc uncut, but most are polished un
one or •«■<■> si i<>>--.
KEW 10-DAT.
What!"
too poor to buy Pure Food ?
If your food is pure, you
don't have to use so much.
For example : if you have
been paying 5 or 10 cents for
a 2-oz. bottle of extracts, Schil-
ling's Best 2-oz. bottle contains
40 times *vs much flavor (and
better) as the extracts you
have been buying.
If your cheap extracts are
worth sor 10 cents, Schilling's
Best is worth $2 or S4; but
Schilling's Best is only 25 cents.
Try Schilling's Best — -your
money back if you don't agree
with vs — at your grocer's.
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 001
MANY GENTLEMEN
C'OMPIATN TJIA") THEY can
■HI \J not g-t a peifect-fittinu suit of
9m clothes. Wuy? Beiause iheydo
T 3 nit aro to the co-rect place. If yon
j/^lfL want to be well dressed wear
MMli st li-.li. Dfrf»ct titf.n-4 suit of
JKMB c.cthes at moderate price< go to
mm joe POHEIM'S,
B^C'#=» h< * largest ialor'iK >-tablHh-
Bfw.'mg ni " ; in tn " Vn °"- I huv all my
,'rfln oo ens direct lrom th>- mannfac- I
mK,"Wk turern. and can ihr-fur.' m.-ike
clothes to order at U5 p«rc«-nt le^s
■■1 than any other taiinr mi :h- i'a-
' II II 1 clflcCO-.si. MinhenfX' W) days
_ fjjj II 1 my entire summer stock is offered
at the follow l:.g reduc^il prices:
J!y $15 50 All-wool Suits for . . $13.50
My $17.50 All-wool Suits for . . $15.50
My $29.00 All-wool Suits for . . $17.50
Clay Weave Worsted, formerly
$17-50, reduced to .... $15.50
My $24 lique Suits reduced to . $10.00
All Other Garments in Like Proportion.
I jctiaruntee all good* itooronihiy si.run< before
cut. and all Rarmt-n:s kept In repair for one year
fr-e of charge . .
Ru or •*••; -rni'amir ■mem and amplei of cio.h
sent l're^ to an r<»ss.
If goods are not as r-i>r»st*tit<?it money returned.
JOE POHEIM, The Tailor,
| 2 »1 and 203 Mo:t roiuery St., cor. Buih.
844 anil *4<i JVlarket St., npp. Fourth.
1 HO and 111,' Market m.. Sun Francisco.
483 14th -it.. Oakland, Cal.
; 603 and 605 X »t., ■♦ irnun-m «>. Cal.
j - 143 S. Spring St.. Log Angeles
KEW TO-D A.T — ATCCSEjiEKT*:
fll RA7&R I mormous success
HkVfilinll Of Steele Mackaye's
; hfl»»co»tl.a«-aiUe.MfS. I Drama, ■•••••■'
"A NOBLE ROGUE!
Don't Miss the Magnificent s<-en ry and Snperb
. ;■ .EnYcts! the Most Keall«tio Bridge scene
Kver Put Upon -.the Ntage! ;
GEORGE O'BuURNE ULOU TOLJ.SD
■ - And the En:ire company. "
Prices. 15c to 60c ifct phone lor Sea.-i. Black 991.
VELODROMF Baker and
BICYCLE RACES
SUNDAY, MAY 2,
„ " a P.M. SHARP.
ADMISSION. .'....25 and 5O Cents.
THE CHUTES.
CHABLKS CATH,L,iSU'IMMBR,
■• will uive exhibitions In the Chute l-ake
KVKKV I. KNOON A.YD J.V .-. MVG.
ration May Hay — ildren .Free.
At).Vll=slO>, 10c. I'liiLUK^, sc.
. lOEW TO-DAT.
MORE LIGHT
**^ &T AND THtL **** '^ r
The lamp of learning has shown
as why the teeth need daily care,
and revealed the usefulness of
Sozodont for nearly forty years.
HALL & RUCKEL ) '■
NEW YORK Proprietors LONDON
. A sample of Sozodont and Sozoderma Soap
for the postage, three cents. J
L' . . caM
>0 KXIFE! 0R PA , ! , X , !
VbHB^^Y^'JSIhII fiOpaire book free with
Send to Someone with Cancer
,
mcyr TO-DAT- AMCSEMEJTTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
*•■•"•**»**.» JCCUh tlnj-^TiorAieil) £*rO|>f.j..i;i .
SKCOXD AN O LAST "WEEK
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK
■ Kvery Night in Addition to the. Kegular
I*iTfoi maitce.
LAST PERFUBMAXCK SUNDAY NIGHT.
NEXT WEEK^"
HDE WOLF Y^
O FFE 1"V
HIS SPLKNUII) COMPAXT.
mnniM
BOUSA'S BHILLIANT OPERA,
Sale of seats Opens To-Morrow Morning.
f AiEDLAT.ILiKiOrTLOD'* C - it»MA.iDrvuu«u>— «
A I^AUGH A 3IINUTS!
Count 'eni. Nearly three b«NUta of pure, unadul-
teiMted fun.
Id the eatlncu Karce.
"A RUN ON THE BANK!"
Crowded Houses! Secure Seats in Advance!
•'".,■ Matinee Saturday Only. '
Regular l'rlces— 2sc, tOe, 75c and $1.00.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOU3i
it ii».iiiij» is i.kki.i v t. Proprietor «s il»u»,;ar
TO-NIGHT
THK SUCCESS OF IHK SKASOJi! ,
THE KOMaNTIC COMIC OPEKA,
_"SH AJVIUS O'BRIEN"
~ ~ — - — ~..-.-.-.,- v - LJ - LJ -,_^_ rn _ r^ / -,_ o _^_ r -^ o or_ ri _ o _ r^
MR. DENIS O'SULUVAN,
The Eminent Barytone. In the tii.e rol\
SUPERB CAST
Correct Costumes Appropriate Accessories.
Mew Scenery 1 Artistic Groupings 1
Popular Prlcps 25c and 500 '
MOROSCQ'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJ-MKH JHoßOSta..>oli> l.eim:iiU.Maii .'
Second and Last Week or the Successful Eastern
Actress.
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD!
In Her Original Characterization <if KDITH LYN-
DON iii Arnoid Wohurd's lieautiful Scenic
Komautic >.«•!<) '.ni.
"THE SMUGGLERS!"
A Play of the sea Filed wlih True Senti-
. ment and Thrilling Interest.
Wonderful *ire on the Ocean!
Evenlnsr Prices— lOc, 250 and sOc.
3latln«><»s >;it ura.»y RUil miiuU/
MATISKK TO-I>.\Y (WKDNESDAY).
larquft, any seat, -sc; Balcony. any wmi, - 1- ,
chiidren. lOr-. any par. of the house.
TitKMKNDOLS OVATION TU
T.A.01 yKISTXT.
Phenomenal Mac ~oprano. Immediate ht of
SAOBK and FANNY _\l IDiil.E f. Juvenile har-
acter delineators: KD LaTKLLK. nmvcnl come-
dian; ilie .vMJKK (IX-. Colored --liiis.ng Caka
Walker*, a-'d tig ALBKRTI and Mra«. OKLAN-
DI in scenes from "Cann'-n" In costu me. '
A Big Olio of Novelties !
GLEASON,
KING OF HGR3E.- TAMERS I
AT THK
MECHANICS' PAVILION
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Admissio i . 35c. Reserved ats, 35c.
GRAND OPENING
Of the CLTJBHOUSK In UAYWAKD* PARK,
at the Terminus of the E..i--CrRIC KOAD.
onSUNDAI. May' 2. 1897.
Full Military ORCHESTRA from 1 to 5 p. M.
The i'lub'iouse will be conducted under the
muunKeiiient of Mrj. Kachv. liuyward. who««
: repu ailon as a purveyor and hostess has no equal
in ■. in Mat .
Ta.e tha oak and l-"err . leavlne the foot of
Marke: st. ever> i.our and half nour io Frnltvale '•
station. 'J he Haywards electric cars make con-
nections there for tiie iinric w:t!.out ciian^e.
CON' KRT EVEKY si N DAY durinjine season.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
CNGLESIDE TRACK), .
Theon'.y l"«nec; Winter KacetmcK iv Amertcv
KACISG RACIXG
Kaclng From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
urday. May 1, imi vs.
Five or More Races Daily. Kain or Shine.
KIKST BAOI AT 1 P. ML
Take Southern l'attflc irain» M 'thirl aal ■
Townsend sts. depot, leavins; at 1 and Xx'iO r. ic
- Fare for Round Trip, luciuai.ijj JIU« *
niisfion to Grounds, *1.03.
"i ukb .Mission electric line direct tr» trace
The Corrlpan stakes Monday, April 19.
. '1 he Spreckels Cup Saturday, April 24.
Tne Cklitornia Hurdle W.-dci'Sday, April 28.
'lhe lngleside fctakes, 4 miles. Saturday, Mit 1.
few N. AXDKOUS, iTesidenu !
F. H. GRKEN', >ecrptary.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FKOn 7 A. TV UNTIL II P. n.
Concert Every Afternoon and Eveninc.
Balhiug, including Admission: Adults, 2oc; Chil-
. dren, 20c. ■
General Ad.uui>t<iou. loo: CUildren. 5a
SUTRO BATHS.
KIMI Mi'.l.K THE MONSTER
I -MAYDAY FBSTIVALr
78
PLUNGES
THROUGH
A BRIDGE
Disaster to an Electric
Car on a Portland
Railway.
BRAKES FAIL TO CHECK
ITS RUSH.
Thirty Passengers Are Carried
Down to the Waters of
a Slough.
THREE KILLED CUTRIGHT AND
MANY INJURED.
The Motorman Deserts His Post as
the Car Tears Down a
Steep Grade.
PORTLAND, Or., April 27.— City and
Suburban car 52, containing thirty pas- j
gengers, coming i:i from Mount Tabor, j
cscaited the control of Motorman John G. j
Kitffcr at 7 o'clock this morning, left the i
rai a on East Morrison street, a few f?et j
east of the corner of East Eighth, plowed ,
its way across the bridpe with a quick i
pwerve to the south, struck the sidewalk !
ami, carrying away planking and string- I
era, plunged into the slough below, taking j
with it a score or more of passengers. Of i
tho=e aboard thro? are dud:
W. W. Blakcharo, engineer of the Acme 1
Flouring-mills, 46 years of age, living at I
East Thirty-fourth street.
Nobtos Uaxsen, US years old, employed
in ihe Great l-.astern lea Company and
residing at Sunnyside.
Mibs Catherine Baili.ie, aged 25 years, of
ll.iiKu*, who was visiting Mrs. Alexander j
at Mount 'labor.
Others of the passengers have been taken !
to their homes badly injured. They were: ;
Miss Lizzie Lawrence, employe of the
Troy Laundry, living at Giencof, injured I
internally.
Larsen brothers of Glencoe, one with
an arm broken and the other bruised
about the shoulders.
Andrew Gatzka, living at Glencoe, arm
broken and legs slightly bruised.
J. N. Casey of 111 East Thirtr-fifth
street, employed in Gadsby'a furniture \
store, injured slightly on the right leg j
and arm.
Ernest Brown, an employe of the cigar
box factory on Front street, received a few ■
client scratches.
J. C. Butler, living at 1067 East Morri
son street, injured on the right shoulder
nnd severely bruised about the limbs.
Earl Hunter, a Sunnyside groceryman,
s tghtly bruised on the back.
C. 11. Attwood of 170 East Thirty-fourth
street, employed as janitor by the United
Carriage Company, bruised on one leg
and an ankle badly twisted.
Robert Thompson, an apprentice elec- i
trician employed by the Portland General !
Electric Company, right arm dislocated j
and badly injured internally; face se- I
veieir injured; is in a hospital.
Mr. Tnssom, an old man living at Mount
Tabor, broken arm.
Mr. Bennincer of Prettymana station, j
fchcuider hurt and a rib reported broken;
found his way home unassisted.
Unknown young man, wounded in the I
head.
C. C. Miller of Miller, Smith & Co., I
grocers at West Park ai.d Washington '
streets, internal injuries.
George Howeli of Sunnyside, cut and ,
bru:?eJ about the head and shoulders.
R. O. Collii of 942 Ea»t Morrison street, |
rib broken, internal injuries, head cut.
R. L. Collis of 942 Eist Morrison street, i
hurt about head ani shoulders.
Adeibert .Matteson, manager Palette
Printing Company, living at Tabor
Heights, arm disiocated and internally in- j
jured.
Conductor Guthrie, arm broksn and re- j
ceived internal injuries which may possi
bly result fatally.
Motorman Kieffer, slight bruises.
A. Teller of Mount Tabor, injured on
right shoulder and arm.
Plunging and tearing alone over the '
ear hen pavement, the car flew on to the i
bridge crossing the slough. There was a ;
rattle and crushing of planking, and then, {
when about sixty feet from the bank, the j
car swung off to the left. With a crash !
the iront truck struck the wooden curd- I
ing of the bridge walk. Like so much j
pasteboard it gave way, and, pushing tba
sidewald to its own width ahead of it, the
car plunged head downward into the
slough twenty feet below.
There was one agonizing scream from
the doomed passengers as the car toppled
over, above which rang the cry of Con- i
ductor Guthrie, "Jump or you'll be
killed." The brave fellow remained at
his post and went down with the car.
The scene was horrifying. Aside from :
the bodies of the dead there were to be •
seen those still living but nnconscious
and slowly drowning, their struggles,
momentarily growing more feeble, driv
ing the rescuers to giant efforts in the
endfavor to Bare those pinioned under ,
the wreck.
The first victim extricated was young j
Norton Hansen. Ha;i«en was frightfully j
mangled, his left thigh, left arm and back i
being broken, while a gasb had been cut
in his groin from which the lifeblood j
welled in a flood.
The next one removed was little Andy
GatzKa, an Evening Telegram newsboy.
He had received a crashing blow on the
head, cutting t tie scalp in a long deep gash
and stunning him.
Following little Gatzka came the still
inert body of W. W. Blanchard. He was
dead. The frothy ioamon bis lips plainly
denoted drowning, althougn a sharp line j
ol bruises on the right side of the face
would indicate that a blow had produced
unconsciousness as Blanchard reached th»
water.
The next body drawn from the wrecked
r.jid submerged car was that of a hand- !
some, well-dressed woman, apparently 26 j
years of age. Her- appearance and every
part of iier apparel denoted culture and
refinement. When taken irom the water
tho.body was still warm and every effort
was made to resuscitate it, but all efforts
proved fruitless. This woman had re
ceived severe bruises about the right side
of the face. She was Miss Catherine
Baillie.
Patrol waeons were soon on hand, and
■within rifieen minutes the last injures
survivor had been thken from the scene.
Then the car was raised to make certain
that all of the passengers had been ac
counted for.
The survivors say the car was running
down the grade at a speed of at least
fifteen mileian hour, ur.d when it reached
Eleven'h street, about three blocks from
the scene of the accident, the niotorman
lost control by reai-on of the br:iK?s refus
ing to work. Wnen he realized that the
car was beyond his conirol, and when a
?p?ed of twenty-tive nitres an hour had
been attained, the motorman jumped nnci
left the car to dash down the grade with
its passenger*. The conductor attempted
to stop it with i he rear brate, but the
speed was too ereat. About li ty feet
from the bridge there is B curve, ami when
the runa flay car reached this it jumped
t lie track. After the car had run about
sixty feet it struck the railing of tlie
briige which cave way, precipitating the
pat-seiiKers and car into the slough.
Before the crash came several pa>sencfr«<
jumped and escapeu with only a slignt
shaking up. Fortunately, when tiie acci
dent occurred me water in me slough was
not deep, nr.d one end of the car remained
above water. Had tiie car run twenty Icet
iurther before going through it is probable
that every p.'rson remaining inside would
have teen drowned, as the water th«re is
twenty feet deep.
'I he Coroner's jury will attempt to place
the blame lor the seemingly avoidable
disaster.
YOUNG LOVERS IN SAN JOSE JAIL
Accused of Stealing Goods From the
House in Which the G rl Was
Employed.
SAN JOSE, Cai,., April 27.— Loupe
Higueia, a Spanish girl still in her teens,
and James Ferro, her loyer, were ar
raigned befure Justice Dwyer to-day on a
charge of burglary. The giri has been
employed as a domestic in the fnmily of
H. F. Bulthuis at 67G North Whitney
street, and Ferro frequently called at the
house to see her during the absence of the
family. It is alleged that on one of these
clandestine visits of Ferro a few days ago
the couple broke open a trunk in the
house and extracted irom it $_'•!.
Ferro and his g.ri at once took a trip to
San Francisco on the proceeds of their
loot. They returned this morning and
were arrested o:: the burglary coinpiaint.
They were arraigned before Justice
Dwyer and their examination set for May
6. In default of $500 bail Ferro and the
*lrl are occupying cells in the County
Ja J.
A short time azo the Hisuera girl ran
away to Salinas with another fellow, and
to get ncr bact to this city Ferro char.cd
her witfa robbing him of $10. The charge
was subsequently dismissed, and the
lovors patched up their differences.
Stanford t>oci-ty Incorporate*.
PAX JOSE, Cal., April 27.— The Beta
Rho Chapter of the Delta Tau l).-lta of
Stanford University has tiled articles of
incorporation with tii- County Clerk. The
object of the society is to erect a club
house on the university crounds. The
capital »tock of the corporation is $10,000,
and it is to exist for a term of fifty years.
J. M. Ro»s, H. H. Brown, PftMttal R.
Smith Jr., H. \V. Durrell ana Joseph
Hutchinson are named as directors.
>"'ilpm'rifi to t/i* E<\nt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 27.— The East
ern overland shipments from this ciiy tor
last week show a marked increase, and
from now on during the summer each
week should witness a big increase. Last
week's shipments amounted to 1,037,550
pounds. Of this amount 221,650 were dried
prunes, making the total shipments of
this commodity for the season 38,775,120
pounds. Canned eoods went forward to
the amount of 96,670 pounds, aud wine
shipments were 47ii,220 pounds.
Prnfntaor ttilion Rejec'eti.
SAN JOBE, Cat.., April 27.— The City
Council has confirmed the appointments
by Mayor Koch of R. E. l'ierce. Dr. J. L.
Atay and Theodore L?nzen as library
trustres. Professor L B. Wilson was re
jected, and Mitchell .Phi. lips withdrew his
name. Two more appointments will have
to be made by the Mayor.
LOS ANGELES WIDOW'S DEFEAT.
Decision Against Mrs. Spencer in the
Suit Brought by Her Late Hus
band's Children.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 27.— Judge ,
Van Dyke to-day deeded the bitterly con- '
tested ca?e of Isabel .Spencer vs. Anna P. i
Spencer et al. The interests at stafce In
the litigation were extensive, consisting i
largely of real property which had been
deeded to young Mrs. Spencer during the ;
lifetime of her husband, Ambrose H. I
Spencer. The property is estimated to be j
worth from 1150,000 to $200,000.
It was upon the validity of the-e deeds
that the controversy arose. The children j
of Mr*. Spencer believed themselves to j
have been badly dealt with, and contended j
that Widow Spencer had obtained the !
deed? to all the property by undue influ- j
ence over their father.
The testimony introduced was of a re
i martab.e nature. It showed that Mrs.
Spencer was a very vigorous woman men- i
tally an 1 physically, and tnat her husband .
wits old and feeble during the later years ;
lof their married life. It became incum- j
; bent on Mis. Spencer to show that she had
treated her husband as a dutilui, loving j
wife, and she was key:t on the witness-,
stand for many hoar?.
A number of the most prominent peo- '
\ pie in the city were witnesses at one time j
I or another in the case, and tho decision
i has been awnited with great interest.
Judge Van Dyke, in his opinion filed '
this morning, gives an elaborate review of '
the testimony and comments in passing I
upon the many incongruities in the state- !
mentsof Mrs. Spencer and her failure to
make good her claim-. The Judge con
cluded bis decision as follows:
"My conclusion is, from all of the testi
mony and circumstances, tnat the plain
ilff has made out a case, and, further, that j
the action is not barred by the statute of
limitation*. This result will still ieave I
the defendant in possession of the prop- {
erty in question, Ambrose H. Spencer |
having died Intestate and she being one
of the three heirs."
Grind Jury H«p»rt Mutilated.
LOS ANGELEB. Cal., April 27— The
report of the late Grand Jury, filed some
days «ro, and wn'.cb caused a great deal
of comment in tbe community, was found
yesterday to haye been mutilated since it
! was tiled. A substitute for the missing
. portion was sworn to and filed by Fore
! man Washburn to-day. The portion de
-1 tached s«verefy criticized tbe conduct of
j Justice Rossiter of Pa«adena and Justice
Morrison of this city, and was in part as
follow*: "Our examination of the dockets
of the Justices of the Peace reveals num
erous )rregulariti*>» in the methods em
ployed, the most of which have been made
j satisfactory. We recommend greater
strictness in Keeping tha record of their
work, and a more careful scrutiny of their
proceedings on the part of tbe District
; Attorney's office."
1 /i»oiop/iiil If right /.'/■• <.;nt.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 27.— The
latest theosophical break is the resigna
tion from the society of Ciaude Falls
Wright, which has jnst become public,
altnough it was handed in while the cru
- <if rs were at San Diego some weeks ago.
Wright was one of the crusaders who
made the trip aiound the world and had
his expenses paid. Just what his griev
ances are Is not known, further than that
he and Mrs. Tingley have had some di«
agreemnnt. Los Angeles theosoptmts
say the action of Wright will ,iot affect
their work in the least, as he never was a
leader.
TO < I 1 I A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. drug
tuts leiund we laouey a v Jails lo euro, -jc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 18H7.
NEVADA CITY GETS
THE GRAND PARLOR
Natives Will Convene in
the Mountain Town
in 1898.
Next General Admission Day
Celebration to Be Held in
Santa Rosa.
Daleorates at Redwood City Settle
Down to the Labors of
the Session.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 27.-
The twentieth annual session of the
Grand Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, was re-enforced to-day by the ar
rival of Mayor James D. Pbelan of San
Francisco and State Senator Thomas
Flint Jr. of San Juan, past grand presi
dent of the order. Political topics cannot
be introduced into the Grand Parlor, but
in the newspapers it may be said that
neither Flint nor Phelan would get out of
the way if a nomination for Governor of
California should be coming straight
toward him.
Senator Flint arrived during the fore
noon and was warmly greeted by a throng
At the Concert Grounds, Where Redwood City's Guests Listen to the Strains From Roncovieri's Band.
of fellow-delegates. Mayor Phelan had to i
open the Women's Congress in San Fran
i cisco, hence he came late in the day, but
j the warmth of greeting extended to him
I wan not diminished by the lateness of his
I coming.
Leonard S. Calkins of Nevada City won
I hi? flzht to-d«y for h;s mountain town,
' and the Grand Parlor will go to Nevada
I City in 1898.
The Grand Parlor met at 10 o'clock this
] morning. Charles M. Belshaw called up
i the following resolution offered by him in
! 1896, a<* an amendment to the resolution
I providing that the next session of the
: Grand Parlor should be held in Nevada
! City:
ftatolred. That article IV, grand constitution,
< t>" aiii'Mi'j"<l astollows: Strike out the wordi
I "and shall continue to meet at auch lime and
place as may b 1 agreed upon," and iusert "at
i •. lie City and County of rian Francisco, and
1 shall continue to meet at said City."
The resolution to amend was declared
! out of order.
On motion of Leonard S. Calkins the
resolution fixing Nevada City as the
, place for holding the session of 1893 was
, adopted.
L. W. J Milliard of Santn Rosa intro
| duced tne following resolution:
Rrtotred, That the general Admission day
celebration on September 9, 1897, be held at
the city of Santa Kosa.
The resolution was unanimously
adopted.
Tbe committee on state of the order
| reported recommending thai the several
I reports submitted be received and referred I
{ to appropriate committees. In conelu-
I sion the report says:
"We have carefully examined the re
ports of the various giand officers and
district deputies, and from them we find
' the ord»r to be in a nourishing condition
j financially and otherwise. There has
; been a considerable increase of member
ship throughout the State, but owing to j
, the laxity of the secretaries of some of the !
' subordinate parlors in tiling their reports j
•■ with the grand secretary, we have been j
unable to arrive ai an accurate conclusion
relative to li.c increase or decrease of the j
; (lnafWss of the order. We earnestly rec
ommend that the members of the visiting
board impress upon the secretaries of sub
j o-dinate parlors the importance of filing
| accurate reports with the grand secre
j tary,"
The following amendment to article 11, j
! section 1, of the constitution, relating to
membership of subordinate lodges, was i
submitted :
Section 1. Its members shall be confined to
white mules who were born within the State
of California prior to the year 1900 and to
theii male descendant* born within said State.
Mr. Deccer moved that the amendment
be printed and distributed to eaci subordi
nate parlor of the order for its action, and
their reports transmitted to the grand
secretary, and that final action be taken
thereon at the next Grand Parlor.
At firstglance ono mieht infer that the
! color line was involved in the foregoing
amendment, but the change refers to a
limitation of time, and is designed to ex-
I elude from the order those not corn in the
j nineteenth century. The Pioneers drew
! the limit at 1849. Even the Pioneers
| themselves recognize tnat many estimable
| people came here as late as the "spring of
'50," but the line had to be marked, and
it was run close to the center of the cen
tury.
The Native Sons will talk over the 1900
! proposition during the year to come, and
i may decide to estaDlish an exclusive or
der. Should that policy be adopted an in- j
stunt effort will be made to provide for
tbe abolition of the beneficial system.
Benefits cannot be fixed on a sound and ,
paying basis unless assessable youngsters '
are annually recruited, to take tha place !
of the old boys who are crossing tue range j
and Roing down on the shady side.
H. G. W. Dinkelspi?l and Eugene M.
I^evy. delegates irom Bay Cuy Parlor No.
104, proposed an amendment to the con- \
stituiion dfKignatinj the following as '
elective ofiicers: Grand president, grand
vice-presiiient, grand second yice-presi- |
dent, grand secretary, grand treasurer, J
grand orator, grand marshal, grand inside j
sentinel, grand outside sentinel and seven I
grand trustees.
At the atternoon session of the order
the advocates of tlie measure to make San
Francisco the place for permanent s siions
of the Giand Parlor a*ked leave to with
draw a pending resolution to ame the
constitution in this regard and submit the
question to the i>ntiTe Sons in the form of
a circular to each subordinate parlor.
The interior decorations of the Alham-
Itii, where the sessions of the Grand Par
lor are held, preient some pleasing as
pects. Art is displayed in the blending of
soft tints in drapery. The festooning is
in pink, white and blue. Hears, *»agles
and shields are exhibited. Each shield is
surmounted by a gilded eagle and flanked
by American flap*. Star-spangled streamers
radiate from a canopy in the center of the
auditorium at the height of the chande
lier. The atage is partially screened by
two large flags.
Tne op;n-air concert in front of the
Courthouse this aiternoon brought many
people to town from the surrounding
country. This festure of the celebration
has attained great popularity, an the
ather is delightful.
Gift to /■/..mir Ftlrrant.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 27.— The W«r
Department has presented the John W.
Owen G. A. R. Post No. 5 of this city
with a big Columbia cannon from Mare
Island. It ii an old smooth-bore gun,
weighing 15,600 pounds, is 13} 2 ' feet long,
-1 feet 8 inches in diameter at its
thickest part, and 11 inches caliber.
To-rtay the Grand Army men, the Na
tional Guard and the Confederates in the
Salt River VaKey celebrated Grant's binh
day with a street parade and fitting cere
monies attending the mounting of the
tield-piece. The gun was placed in the
cemetprv, on a stone pedestal overlooking
the graves of the soldiers.
ARIZONA CONVICT PARDONED.
Murderer Apsey, Who Killed and Cremated
an Employe, Leaves State
Prison.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 27.— 1n order to
restore him to <itzen«»hip Governor
Franklin has pardoned Robsrt O. Apsey
out of the Territorial penitentiary at
Yuma. Ap«ey was committed from Pinal
(Jounty in 1890 on a ten years' sentence
for manslaughter. The crime for which
he was convicted was a most revolting
one, and the verdict of the jury has al
ways been a marvel to the understand
ing of ordinary men. According to the
evidence, Apsey was caught in the act of
cremating the body of a man whom he
had murdered.
The discovery was made by Captain J.
W, Watson, U. S. A., nn.i a party of In
dian scouts from San Carlos, who were
out after renegade Indians. When they
reached Apsey's ranch, seven miles below
the Deer Creek coal field, they detected
I the oder of burning flesh. In reply to a
] question from Captain Watson, Apsey
said he was roasting a hog. "Rowdy,"
I the noted scout, who was with the party,
declared that the odor was that of Durn
me human flesh.
Captain Watson ordered an investiga
tion, and the charred remains of a man
were discovered. These were at once
identified as the remains of a man who
, worked for Apsey and to whom Apsey
owed $100. The theory of the prosecution
i was that Apsey killed: the man to avoid
his frequent demands for payment, and
this was borne out by both direct and
circumstantial evidence.
At, SMIJB'S a.stui .\ M*a STORY.
Hrny WllllWlirt IHdn't Oe% a Cent of
That $15,000 l'une.
NEW YORK, N.Y.. April 28.— The Press
says: Al Smith, stakeholder in the Car
son fight, astounded a group of friends In
a prominent hotel to-day by declaring
that Fitzsimmons didn't receive a cent of
the pur c. ,
"More than that," said Smith, "I can
tell you this, and yon know what my word
is worth: FitZ'immons didn't go into the
ring to fight for the purse. Before i?oing
into the ring he agreed with Dan -Stuart
to waive all right to the purse and accept
instead 25 percent.
"I have - hesitated about speaking of
this, Bmith added, "because I didn't
wish to discount Fit ziimmons' victory iv
anyway. All other arguments aside .h«
certainly was a better man than Corbett
that day. But it has pained me since the
Carson affair to read the vainglorious
speeches Fitzsiramons has made. If Fitz
sirnmoni was so confident of defeating
Corbett why did he waive his richt to the
pnrse? . . : '.. . . "" ' ". • ,
"Bafore the fight Dan . Stuart told : me
that 10 far as Fitzsimmons was concerned
tUere would be no pur-e. To verify this
I tent for Julian, who said this Was all
right. lof course held caects for a purse
of $15,000, but these checks were not certi
fies, and after the ticht, in accordance
with an agreement entered into between
Julian and Stuart, I delivered the checks
to the latter."
RACING AT FRESNO.
Jm Bozeman. Son ag and Quicksilver
Score Winning Brack*. s in the
Sprinis.
FRESNO, Cal., April 27.— The annual
spring race meeting of the Fresno Jockey
Club openea at the track to-day with an
excellent days's sport. The attendance
was fairly pood, but not up to what the
races deserved. The meet will continue
during the remainder of the week and
every one is waiting for the last days,
when they expect to see the b"si events.
Tiie track is not in as good condition as
it ought to be. It has always been con
sidered one of the best in the State, and
with a small amount of work It could
have been placed in as good shape as it
ever has been. A large number of horses
have been entered for the meet and some
line racing i* assured.
To-day's events were interesting and
fairly uood time was made. Tbe betting
was lively, considerable money changing
hands. The new starting-gate was used
on the track for the first time. It is oper
ated by electricity and proved a very ac
ceptable innovation.
There were three running events on the
programme. Jim IJozeman won the
three-quarters of a ini:e dash in 1:17. The
quarter of a mile and repeat was won by
fcontag, a third heat being required be
tween the winner and Lady Kern. In
the final heat Lady Kern's rider pulled
up for some reason at the start and the
judges declared all pools off. The times
were :2.{, :23 and :24. The third race, a
iive-eigaths of a miie clash, was a pretty
one. All broke io a perfect start. Quick
silver won in 1:02, with Christina a close
second.
Three-quarters ot a mile, Jim Bozeman won,
Leon seoomi. Myrtle II third; Duranjsro, Grady,
Uonitt, Mi-s (iontry and Hymn also ran.
Ono <iuarter of a mile anil repeat, Soutag
won, l.Hiiy Kern second, King Alph third;
Toeolote, bllrertall, Los Banos Kid, Jennie I)
•Ad BtOOktng aU<> ran.
t ive-eightlis of a mile, Quicksilver won,
riiristinii seoond, liold Bog third ; Trilby,
Ho.ahki, Sheron I.ass nml No vita also ran.
7,0» Artfjelr* Hojrhirj Content*.
LOS ANGELES, Cai, , April 27.— About
2010 peop c witnessed tho boxing bout to
nighi between Jim Jeffries and Billy
Woods, illustrative of the tight at Carson.
Woods wore his famous pneumatic armor,
presenting the appearance of a diver. Jef
fries got a tremendous reception from the
audience, beinj; introduced as the most
promising young man amongr the beavy-
Teishts. Thcrj were several pielimi
naries, but the contest of the evoning was
a ten-round «»o b 'tween Kid O'Brien of
San Francisco anu Jack Burkbnrdt of Los
Angeie!>, both weighing about 130 pounds.
The men fought f;t t, but att: c end of the
tenth round both were strong and the
referee called it a draw.
An Irlth Sncht to Contp'te.
BELFAST. Irelakd. April 27.— 1t has
been decided to build an Irish yacbt to
compete for the America rap. The boat
is to be constructed in Hilditch's yards,
Carrickfergus, upon the order of a syndi
cate, composed of Oustav Wilhelm \Vo!f,
If. P. for Belfast and a memb.-r of the
Belfast •hipiiiiilrtinpr firm of Harland <fc
Wolff, ami the Marquia of Dufferin and
Marquis of Londonderry. She will be
sailed under the auspices of the Royal
Ulster Yacht Club.
On the Ball field.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27— Washington
3, New York. 8.
BALTIMORE, Md., April '27.— Baltimore 12,
Brooklyn 8.
PHIL.VI'KLPIIIA. Pa., April 27.—Philadel
phia 10, Boston *
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 27.— Cincinnati 7,
Cleveland S.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 27.— Pittsbur* 6,
Louisville 8.
ST. LoU IS, Mo., April 27.— St. Louis 10, Chi
cago 4.
ft -in iU-o liieuclfl finct.
BAUSALITO, Cal., April 27.— Arrange
ments are being made to hold bicycle
races in Sausalito next Sunday. The
course will be over the main street, which
is in excellent condition, and the races
will be open to ail comers. •
Stltehell Challeny tTaeknon.
LONDON, Esg , April 27.— Charley
Mitchell has issued a challenge to Peter
Jackson to right for $•"><;<>• a side.
: ♦„ . '
JUarin .County linprov*tnents.\
SAUSAUTO.CaI . April 27.— The North
Pacific Coast Railroad has a large force of
men at work improving the stations be
tween San Rafael and Sausalito. New
gardens are being laid out, others im
proved, and a Rang of painters is painting
ihe company's stations. At Sausalito the
facilities for handling the summer crowds
have been greatly improved.
By Gat or a tiotnb.
LONDON, Exa , April 27.— Ten passen
gers were badly injured by a mysterious
explosion at Aldersgate station, on the
undeieround railroad, this afternoon. It
is unknown whether it was caused by gas
or a bomb.
ONE DAY MORE IN
MARRIOTT`S TRIAL
Testimony in Regard to
the People's Home
Case.
The Whereabouts of Judge Heb
bard, Mr. Sheehan and
Mr. Watt.
Counsel for the State Did Not Want
Mr. Watt's Actons Inquired
Into.
There was some interesting testimony
in the Marriott libel case in Judge Dain
gerfielri's court yesterday, and the court
room was crowded, showing that the in
terest of the people has been aroused in
this struggle for the freedom of the press
that is going on.
In the morning session an effort was
made by Samuel W. Sbortridge, attorney
for the defendant, Editor Frederick Mar
riott of the News- Letter, to show that
there was a certain understanding between
Judge J. C. B. Hebhard of the Superior
Court and Attorney James Alva Watt and
John F. Sheeban in reeard to the manage
ment of the defunct People's Home Sav
ings Bank, said understanding having fo
its purpose the keeping of Mr. Sheehan in
his place as receiver for the bang, and in
cidentally the retention of Mr. Watt as
attorney for the receiver.
In view of the court's rulings Mr.
Shortr.dge found it expedient to tempora
rily withdraw his first witness and to call
Attorney X. Carl Spelling, who, fhough a |
par.icuiar friend of Judge Hebbard, Mr. |
Sbeehan and Mr. Walt, made some start- |
ling disclosures, which, Mr. Sbortridge ex
plaiued, were fores It a dewed in his open
ing statement when he said that he would
prove that Judge Hobband "stood in"
with the persons who helped to waste the
substance of the bank's depositors, and
that to that extent Judge Hebbard was,
as tiie News-Letter said, the "creature"
and •tool" of designing men.
Mr. Spelling ie-titied that he was em
ployed as an attorney to bring a suit in |
the name of Goldtree and others against
the Home Savings Bank, but that bis j
clients did not pay him anything for that I
service. Subsequently he was paid $600 i
by the directors ot the People's Home !
Savings Bank, but he did not understand
that it was for bringing the Goldtree suit.
He was rather hazy in his i.ieas on tiint
point, but thought he gave the People's |
Home Savings Bank managers some kind
of advice. He acted as counsel in their
litigation.
Mr. Shortridge pressed the questions to
show that the Goldtree suit was instituted
at the de-ire of Mr. Sheehan and his
friends.
Mr Shortridge— Was it late at night when
you riled that Goldtree suit T
The witness— l think it was about 9 o'clock
at night.
You rode out in a carriage from the Palace
Hotel to the City Hall after 9 o'clock to tile the
papers, did you not?
Yea.
Who rode out in the carriage with you?
I rode out with James Alva Watt and John
11. Durst.
D:<i you find Judge Hebbard at the City
Hall?
Yes.
Where?
In Ills chambers.
Did Judge Hebbard sign an order that night
appointing some one receiver for the bank iv
me Goldiree tuii?
res.
What did he do with the order?
I think he gave it to Mr. Durst. He might
have given it to Mr. Watt, lam not sure about
that.
Attorney Julius Kahn and DeDuty Dis
trict Attorney Hinule attempted to ex
plain how Judge Hebbard happened to
be at the City Hall at 9 o'clock at night,
although everybody could see that it was
a handy thing for Mr. Watt to have been
there.
'•Wasn't i he clerk of the court present?"
asked Mr. Kahn.
"1 think not, 1 ' replied Mr. Spelling. "I
don't remember seeing him there."
T. H. McCartny, vice-principal of the
Washington Grammar School, a member
of the depositors' committee, gave an out
line of the efforts made to secure the
money of the depository and to keep it
from being wasted by litigation.
Mr. McCarthy said: "We obtained at
that B'nai B'rith Hall meeting about 1600
signatures r.| depositors, aggregating be
tween $300,000 and $400,000 of the money
deposited. The peopie giving those sig
natures authorized us in writing to pro
ceed in every way possible to advance ihe
interests of depositors, with the exception
of drawing money, which we did not at
| tempt."
In reply to a question by Mr. Short
i ridge the witness saiJ : "The tirst thing
the committee tried to do was to get a
board of directors that would do some
thing for the benefit of the depositor*.
We were particularly anxious to accom
plish this, and had conversations with the
members of the old board. Five of them
saiu they were willing to resign, but taid
that the injunction issued by Judge Heb
bard prevented them from meeting for
any purpose. We called on Judg> Heb
bard and he promised to modify tbe in
junction so as to allow the old board to
resign and to have the directors, chosen by
NEW TO-DAY.
TO RESTORE MANLY POWER USE
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
(Not sold In drugstores nor by traveling agents.)'
IS AN ABSOLUTELY POSITIVE CURE FOR ALL FORMS OF NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS
■of Memory, Phyntoal nnd YiUI Weakness. Contusion of Ideas, Kidney and allied complaints;
Rheumatism, Solaticn, etc., etc. It has cureu thousands every year after every other known
remedy has failed. Tne fdet is, medicines cannot cure these complaints, us you well taow if
you have tried them. Electricity, which is nerve force, is the power tnut has Deen drained
from the system, and to cure it must be replaced. This Dr. tanden's Electric Belt Will do. Ie
is tne crowning triumph iv elertrlcal science, and its cost U within the reach of every sufferer
A pocket edition of Dr. Sanden's oelebratel book, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent
closely »c tied free by mail upon application. Every young, mlddle-asc.i or o.d man suffering
the slightest weakness should read It. It will point out an easy, sure way to regain strenetn
after everyming else has failed. ««igin
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., ?i. M SfA ; li, SBSi.
Office hours— A. M. to 8 :30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angelei Offl 204 Soutfli Broil
wiy; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 035 Sixteen ih street.
. ■ Wi-h,— Aiase no muuu m U»aunißet-e3a Market street. Make uotAoi ii.
DX, SANDEN'S ELECTBIC XiJUSS tUUES BCPTUKE.
j the committee and indor<e.l by the de
! positors, electel tn rill the vacancies.
"The comn'ittee serured the consent of
! P. B. Fliiit, Dr. M. H. Loean, W. P. Wil
son and S. A- McDonell to act on ihe
board of directors, ;:nd we called on Judge
Hebbard to have him fix a time for tho
carrying out of his promise to allow the
old board to resign, biit Ju ige Hebbard
refused to keep his promise."
"Did any persons present give fhetr as
sent to the resignation of the old board?"
i asked Mr. Shortridge.
"Yes. Attorney W. H. Hutton was
there us attorney tor the committee and
the depositors. Ho asked that the old
boarl should be permuted to resign.
D. M. Delnias and S. M. Slioriridge, as at
torneys for the old board, made a similar
request."
"Did any one risa up and object to
JudEre Hebbard kpenin? his promise?' 1
"Yes. James A'va Watt an-1 John H.
Dtir-'t objecte I. Mr. Watt was attorney
foi John H. Sheehan, the receiver."
"Do you know why Mr. Watt objected
and what induced judge Hebbard to ig
nore his promise?"
"I think I do."
"Please state what you know of it."
Attorneys Kahn and Hmkie objected.
Mr. Kinkle said it would not bs fair to
Judge Hebbard, the prosecuting witness.
Mr. S ortrulse said th?re seemed to bo
a very tender regard for the prosecuting
witness, and Mr. Hinkle wanted to know
who was the injured party, to which Mr.
Sliortridce referred counsel to the indict
ment, which alleged that the State has
been injured.
Then roliowed a sharp debate as to the
proper procedure. Judge Daingerfield
raid it wa- evident that counsel lor the
State objected to any testimony regarding
the acts or motives of Mr. Watt unless
they could be connected with tho acts or
motives of Judge HebbarJ. The court
was inclined to sustain the objection un
less Mr. Shortrid<»e could fir^t show that
there was som»» connection or understand
in" between Mr. Watt and Judge Heb
bard.
Mr. Shortridee wanted to have this testi
mony recorded and said that he would
connect it all with Judge Hebbard. He
argued that this testimony tended to and
would prove that Judge Hebbard know
ingly or unknowingly was the mere in
strument, the creature or 100 l of men who
were antagonistic to the depositors. Under
the court's ruling the defense must first
call Mr. Watt and ass him as to his rela
tions with Judge Hebbard, and then re
call Mr. McCarthy.
ORDER HERMANN`S SONS
The Grand Lodge of California
Will Meet in Woodland,
Yo 9 County.
Hew the Citiz ns cf That Place Will
Entertain the Grand Officers of
and Dels^a'es to the Body.
The nineteenth annual session of the
Grand Lodge, Order of Hermann's Son 1 ?
of the State of California, will be held on
1 May 10. 11 and 12 in Woodland, Yolo
County. The members of ConcorJia
Lodge No. 20 are making great prepara
tions to receire the visiting grand officers
j and delegates and they are ably seconded
! by the citizens of Woodland.
The following programme for th fes
j tivitie* has been arrange.!. On Sunday,
i May 9, on arrival of the train from San
' Francisco there will be a grand parade
: and reception in the afiernoon, a picnic in
Coyle'B Grove on Monday evening, a con
cert given by the German Ladies' Society
of Woodland, on Tuesday there will be a
banquet and ball, and on Wednesday a
drive through the surrounding country.
I It is expected that a large number of mem
bers will take advantage of the reduced
rates in fare to visit Woodland on this oc
casion.
On th« l«t of April t' c order in Califor
: nia comprijtd: Nineteen lodges, 1955
I members, with a capital of $02,023 22; one
j ladies' loige, with 157 member?, $1371 66,
For sick D a nefits there was pnid during
the year $12,700 50, and for funeral ex-
I renses $2861. Installed during the year,
185; members suspended and withdrawn,
114; died. 27.
The officers of the Grand Lodge are:
J. P. Krempel, P.; W. Luedrteke, V. P.; P.
N. E. Lamjie, S. ; C. Trantntr, T. ; L. M. Fabry,
G. Wiesmann, A. hagedorn. trustees; R,
Rechtnbach, G.; K. O Wiikins, J. G. ; A. «J.
; Kuicixhaupt, A. G. Delegates — No. 1, A.
SSchoembii, F. Ilensel, A. Biedenbach, H. llsar,
I). Jnrßi-'ns; No. 2, R. Feederle, H. Wieking, F.
C Griieiini!.', H. NObr; No. 3, V. Rothermel,
.). t. Strjmfjerg. V. Acker, G. Guenther. A.
Stier; No. 1, A. Graessle. F. Brunst. F. K.ap
peler; No. (!, E. hmegge, O. Simon, W. Reo
ker, R. Sprote, F. Reimers, B. Hoffmann. C.
Leldecker, A. A^sinann ; No, 7, O. Guy,
A. Lodt rtiose, F. Herten, J. Jung: No.
8, F. Kgg.?rliiig. F. Fortniann, C. Dietrich;
No. 0, L. Schßrenberg. F. Mattow, A. llage
: florn, J. Jahn; 10. R. Rechenbach, C.
Ilahn, P. SMI; No. 11, C. i-chn»itt, M. J. Gnst
man; No. 12, C. Krampel. '.V. BudJe; No. 13,
K. Ma.ley, W. Jordan, J. Matsen ; No. 14. D. H.
Vagts. H. G. Alberts; No. is, E. Schwarz. V.
Bach ; No. 19. A. F. Sioiting, J. A. Roth, C.
Siruve; No. 20, H. Hnehmann, O. Salomon,
W. Knhn; No. 21, C. Liebermann, C. Bonkof
sky: No. SSi C. K. Kamman, J. R. Seifert: No.
23. \V. Meh!. X. Kirsch, C. Bomberg; No. 1
(ladies), F. Hermann.
Grand President J. P. Krempel has an
nounced the following committees:
Committee on credentials— A. Sehoembs
No. 1; P. Rothermei, No. 3; L. Scharenberg
No. 9. Laws and supervision— A. Sehoembs'
No. 1; E. Brucgge, No. 6; E. Schwarz, No. 18.
Appeals and grievances— F. Herten, No. 7-
E. r. Gruening, No. 2; F. Malley, No. 13. Stata
of the order— A. Biedenbich, No. 1; 11. Hach
mana, No. 20; C. F. Kummiii, No. 22. Re
ports of officers— V. Acker, No. 3; O. Simon
No. 6; N. Klr«ch, No. 23; C. Srhmitt, No. 11;
i". Eggeninsr, No. 8; F. hrunst, No. 4: C. Hahn.
No. 10; C, Krempel, No. 12; D. H. Vagts, No.
14. Mileage and per diem— L. Schsrenberg,
No. 9; J. F. Stromberg, N». 3; A. Graessl», No.
4. Press committPe—R. Recbenb«ch, No. 10;
C. Leldocker. No. 6; O. Salomon, No. 20.GOLD PRODUCTION
OF THE LAST YEAR
Over Seventeen Millions
Added to the Nation's
Wealth.
Nevada County's Spend d Rec
ord— Randsburg District
Looms Up.
A F w Couaties Show Decreased Out
put-The Grea'est Yield ii
Thirt ea Years.
The statistician of the mint completed
his labors of ascertaining the production
of gold and silver in the State yesterday,
and estimates that for the Year ending
December :il. 1896, $17,181,902 70 in gold
and H—.-lt' ! 70 in silver, or a total of
$17,604.0:20 0, was ad aed to the wealth of
the country from this source only. Com
pared with the result for 1895 there has
be^n an increased production of gold in
1896 of $1 847,243 01, and a decrease in the
value of »ilver produced of $177,326 10.
Owing to the large number of new
mines opened and the delay of many of
the large producers in forwarding results
of the year's work the report of the
statistician is at least three weeks behind
that of former years. Some of the miner<
eaem to have a repugnance to furnishing
the mint with the desired information,
and many cannot be induced to do so at
all, and therefore the totals can confi
dently be relied upon as the minimum of
the State's productiveness, as the results
are in no case estimated, but compiled
from actual reports of the mines. Tnis
difficulty can only be remedied by statute.
So long as a report of a mine is not made
obligatory there will be many who will
Dot report at all.
The report by counties is as follows:
CorxTiKs.
Silver.
Alpine
Ainador
IJutte '..".".".".".'.'.'.".'."
ral»vera» ."
Pel .None "'.'.'.!.'.".'.
Xl Dorado " ...
hresiio „-. '..'['.[ *■;****
Homboldt ..'...'....... .......
jnyo !!!!!]!!!!!.'!'"
Kern -. '.'.'.'.'.'. "
1-assrn \ ' " .-.-....
l.os .An?eles ...
Madera .'.'.'.". '.'.'.''.'.'.'."'.'.
Msriposa , .....;"*"" '-1111 l
Merced ...[ ----••
Mono '. *""' ••-•-.--
Nrvmrta '.. ".'!!'.!.'.'!!!.'.'.'
Placer ."'.!;
I'lunns
Kirerslde 1.. I"
Hacmmontn. \
San Her ii anil no .. .*.*.*.""
Sin Dleeo ....*.........'.
Santa Itarti.ira .".".'.".'.".'."
!»an Luis Übtspo ...........
Shasta ...I. [.'.'*'".'
sierra.. .% ]\
.-ilk. you •. ". ....'..'
btanlslaus
Tnlare ..1.. ..1.. 1"" ]..'..".] ""
1 no I nine
Trinity " ------ -----
vuba." .".'.'.'!•".'.'.'.".".'".'.'."."!!;;.";; !
$400 001 ..
1,523.351 28, $S.7tJ7 74
749.316 08 5,3g9 08
1,546.398 851 500 CO
24,13000
81X289 2« 533 '96
28,288 00 99 «0
65092 85 '
238.507 22 108,6 26
590 866 71' 34,649 6 V
40,200 "0
35,46<* 55 ...
104 339 84 1,240 00
335.6 33 180 11
l,« 0 00 .. .
441.553 78 82.88353
2.h80.756H! 8 6»4 '.'9
1.674,844 SO 6,690 55
462.526 57 S3 04 '
4 . 62 B'>OLo. 13,450 00
333.050*0 . ..
96,722 76 130,714 04
560,!\78 00 40 00
8.692 0.1 . ...
3,000 00 '..'"<
589 203 91 24,24468
786.174 57 423 70
1,091," 64 B. 652 6j
16,635 00 .
20,092 0 » . . .
1,070,14. HI 328 32
!.■-'» ,880 3D .
171. 77 .'.'.""'"
!
$400 00
1,527 119 O'J
754.705 S»
1,546,h98«5
24,150 00
812.823 22
28 SSI 0 (
65 092 85
«47,1v6 48
625,516 35
40.3; 0 0 >
35,468 55
105,579 84
335.817 44
1,250 00
638.887 31
2,389,34 t 42
1.681.534 55
462,609 61
5:76.250 00
1 88.0D0 00
237,436 80
(.00.618 00
8.592 00
3.000 00
6 .'3 4 43 .'-9
785 39H 17
1.091.917 47
16.635 00
•-0 092 00
1,070,470 13
1.296.3H0 30
171,687 77
Totals. |
«17.181,562 70.
¥422.463 60
f 17.6'J4,026 30
For <hz purpose ot comparison the repor: of the )tar 189"> is reprodnced:
( OCSTIKS
81 ver.
Totals.
Amadot
Bute
< «' averas [
Del None 
K.I Dorado
Fresno '
liumbodc
inyo ;;;;
X em
La°sen ■
l.os Aiipeles :
Miuiera
Mailuosa
Mpr ed
Mono '
Mori: prey I
Nevada
< 'range. !!"!""!"!'
!'. i' > r
J'lumai
Klveralde ,
f-acraniento
i-an Bernnrdlno ''
he.n T)ie*o -.'..'."
San La la Obispo
*■ an la Barbara ["
Shasta
Man .;;
H ski yon : .'.
Manlslaus. '.
Trinity .......I'.'.
Juolum&e.
T"ulaie I
Vuba .'."".'.'
Unapportloned ......'
91,391.029 40, V 1.059 00 91.393,018 40
I 697,760 85 8.935 63 * 708 196 3S
8. 250 UU: " 00 I 1-717.993 14
8.^5000 8,2.'0 0()
7 4-'.^nA 4476S 700,548 99
*' £ 4 !°n 47.249 00
32.6.- 5 'JO ov gvj>, on
92.142 28 J88,3*9 23 280 47151
rn'mnon Hi 277.497 59
J.i. OH) 00 25 001)00
,252K2" 23.330 00
ib^,;i?;<7i i ltf'J.K'JS 74
21 fg? ll i |S9 7 ° 7 218: 629 46
1,500 00 , ] 500 (in
552,690 54 • 84,910 ;-.7 637,60091
i.789,<it6 its6| 400 00, ""i 90. 2 is' 66
144 00 . | 141011
1.699,634 79 6,272 &3 1 604 97 32
H02.95105 27152 603 222 67
a8S.l«B00 2.550 vo 287,656 «>0
145,872 76 ' 145 872 75
131.U6000 219,410 HO 3.' 0 770 SO
24 4.307 67 600 00 »44.«07 57
H.OOOOO 3o"6())
4.0J000 4,00000
781,696 32 28,417 20, 810 113 !,■>
094.469 67 *106 96 694 576 63
950.006 43, 177 80 950.183 73
26.481 00 26 4816(1
1.166.746 13 1.2.7 28 1.163.002 41
666.754 15 . 312 62 667 o"« 77
,^5*52 16.3i0 00
111.482 34 311 48'»
53.786 17. 11.15388 64.94000
»15.:-:84,317 69! »599,7t!9 70 51 5,934. 107 39
91.393,018 40
706 196 3S
1,717.993 14
8.2.*0 00
700.548 99
47.249 00
92.635 20
280.471 51
277.497 39
25.000 00
23,330 00
162.M2* 74
216.629 46
1.500 00
637,600 91
I
1,790.215 66
144 00
1 604.9 7 32
603 222 57
287,656 «0
145.872 75
3." 0.7 70 30
344.907 57
3,0i;0 01)
4,000 00
810,113 62
694.676 63
950.183 73
26,481 60
1.163,002 41
667.0t«77
16,310 00
111,482 34
64,940 00
TotaM t
: f15.:-;»4,:Hi7 6^
The counties showing an in-rease of
gold production and the amounts are:
.Alpine $400 00
Arnador 141.421 88
Batte 62,056 23
Jiel Norte ... .. 15.9i'0 i 0
El Dorado 112.187 95
Inyo 146.364 94
Kern 359,433 4 1
L«: s*n l^?00 00
].o» Angeles 13,188 55
M»rlposa 119,014 ftti
>eval« 570,940 47
Placer 7fi,20fl 51
Sao Diego 218.370 43
f-ania Barbara 4,58200
Merra 91.704 90
HsUlyoa.... 141,258 3<»
Trinity 129.5R5 17
Tuolumne 4U3.J87 66
Tv are 3.772 00
1 üba 6U.205 43
Nevada County is more firmly in
trenched as the banner county of the
State than ever before. The remarkable
advance shown in the pnst year is aue to
the increased interest shown and comes
almost entirely from the old producers.
The splendid record of Tuolumoe County
is due to the same cause.
San Diego, with an increased production
of $216.270 43, is a surprise, though the re
sult astonishes no one familiar with tne
activity displayed in the opening of new
mines in the rich new Colorado River re-
Eion.
K«rn County, with an increased output
of $359,433 41, makes a notable record and
one that will amaze many who are uuac
qnainteJ with its resources. The increase
conies wholly from the new Randsburg
district, and establishes that rich poriiou
cf the State as a gold-producer:
alaveras .5171.617 29
resno 19,014 00
Unmb'ildt 1:7.54..' K5
Maclern 57,98* 10
M«-rced 250 00
Mono ;.;; 101,136 76 :
J'lamas 140,424 48
Hlvemide ?.' 22,316 00
8a raiuento 12,82 a 75
Han Bernardino 34.857 24
si,asia 182.48(141
braijlsltus 9,846 60
The list of counties showing a decreased
roduciion of gold includes some from '
•viicti a different result was anticipated.
alavoras, which has the Utica mine as
its largest producer, comes short of expec
tations, but this is easily understood by
those' who are nware of the immense
f.niount of work being done among the
mines of the county preparatory to open
ing np new territory in Tiew of a larger
output in tbe futrre. " The same explana- ]
tion hold* good in the case of Shasta, Plu
t.at and Mono counties.
Ihe result of the whole State, though
less in amount than predicted by the more
sanguine, it regarded as a most encour
aging one and is an indication of the new
-'ile which has been injected into the in
dustry throughout th« entire area of the
fitate. Tne outlook is regarded as cheer
ing. A very large number of old mines
*"ill be reopened thii year and the vast
tSi.'Uat of deyelcpmect work being done
on new mines assures a great increase in
the gold producers of the State.
The output oi gold for 1896 is the larpest
in thirteen year«.
AMONG THE WEELMEN.
Large Entry Llit of Profeaslonalg and
Am.iiiMir. for tli<> Velodrome
Sleet Next Sunday.
The entries for the bi>r meet to be held
nt the Velodrome next Sunday c!o«ei iast
nijjht. The meet ii the first to be held
here under tha sanction ot the. Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs, instead of
the Leaeue of American Wheelmen, which
has heretofore controlled all track racing
in the State. From the large entry list it
is evident that the riders have lull con
fidence in the new management of tluir
affairs, there being thirteen professional
nnd thirty-one amateur starters on the
list?. There will be four events, two in
each class. The handicaps will be given
out to-morrow, P . A. Smyth, the former
L. A. \V. handicapper, having been ap
pointed to a similar position, by the asso
ciation.
The entries are as follows:
Professionals— N. Jones, San Fran
cleco; C. K. Coulter, Bun Francisco; C. L.
l)avis, San" Jose; B. 11. Eiford. Oakland; 11.
K. McCrea, Los Angeles; Ed Chnpraan, -Napa;
Horace Slatrr, I'li<E:iix: M. Bleuler, Paris,
France; A. M. Boyden, Oakland; W. A. Burke,
I'O* Angeles; Murion Hill, I'^ndPtin; F. A.
Coty, l'nsaileiia; Cmiby Hewitt, Pasadena.
Amnteurs— E. F. Russ, Geortre P. Fuller, San
Francisco; J. E. Wing, tan Jose; P. R. Mott,
Oakland; Char.os KrMft, >tin Francisco; P. A.
Deacon, c. D. Gooch, Oakland; C. J. Birdsall.
Ban Francisco; J. C. Williamson, Santa Rosa;
A. B. Johnson, Redwood City; R. G. Barton,
Fresno; H. Robinson, F. L. Norton, L>. E. Fran
c.is, C. M. Goodwin, K. A. Bozlo, Ed Sauudtrs.
San Francisco; M. G. Francis, San Jose; H.
Ducoty, Santa Clara; Charles A. Wi'.son, San
Francisco; A. T. Smith. East Oakland; L.
; Dezert, I. K. FranK, Gustuve Saclis, '1. 11.
; White, M. Meyers, A. Thcisen, San Fmnclsco;
J. 8. Brereton, Oskland: R. A. Coulter, Ban
Francisco; J. H. Otey, Oakland; J. Van Dyne,
San Francisco.
It will probably be noted with some
surprise thai B. H. Elford, the crack
umateur of the Keliance Club of Oakland,
makes his ilebut as a professional at this
meet. He has been contemplating this
move for some time. C. K. Cou ter, the
unpaced mile king, is also on the lists,
having decided to remain here this sea?on.
Otto Z eeler Jr. and Wilbur J. Edwards
of tfan Jo?e are in active training, and
will be seen at the next meet given at the
Velodrome.
A GUN-FJGHTER.
Albert I>anls, Who Shot His Urother
in-Law, Again in Trouble.
Walter Butler, 1759 Alabama street,
i swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday for the arrest of Albert
Danis, a barber, on the charge of assault
with a deadly vreaDon.
Butier said that he and Danis had a
dispute Monday afternoon, when Danis
i eot mad and threatened to kill him.
1 Danis pulled a revolver out of his pocket
j and Butler ran. A crowd collected and
Butler was seized and rapidly shoved into
a saloon. The crowd prevented Danis
. from following Butler, who made his es
> care from the rear of the /saloon.
Danis is out on bonds on a charge of as
-1 sault to murder upon his brother-in-law.
The case is assigned to Judge Wallace's
court. January 1 Danis shot his brother
: in-law, who was in a critical condition for
' several weeks. He has a bad reputaton
in the Mission.
CHINESE THICKEST.
Another Defeat of the Revenue Officials
br Wily Chinese.
About & week ago revenue officials seiied
14,000 cigars and 500 pounds of tobacco in
the factory of the Tong Yen Company at
722 Washington street and arre-ted Lee
Suie on a charge of violating the revenue
laws by using cigar boxes a second time
without canceling the stamps and obtain
ing new ones.
Suie wan released on giving bonds in the
sum of $250, with Lee Lung of 715 Dnpont
street and Lee Fung of 716 Wellington
street as sureties. The revenue officers
locked up the factory and placed the seal
of thedepartmenton the lock. Last Mon
day nignt the lock was broken and the
place was robbed. Nine hundred cigars
and some tobacco we c taken, the burglar
evidently having been scared off before he
could secure all the plunder.
Yesterday w.-s the time set for Snie's
examination before UniUd States Court
tommissionr lleacock, but Lee was not
present. The Commissioner ordered the
bonds forfeited and issued a bench war
rant for Lee's arrest.
i>ann«er« for Slanderand Imprisonment.
Frank }'. Darragh has sued Jacob J. Jacobi
for $5000 for alleged slander, the deiendant
having declared the plaintiff guilty of grand
larceny. Mr. Darregii has also sued Lachman
& Jaeobl (a corporation), and Jacob J. Jacobi
for $21,0U0 on account of alleged false im
prisonment growing out of the same matter.
The Case) of William Mm p.
Murderer Slcrp's case was before Judge
Trouit yeoterday an habeas corpus. It was
claimed that the remittitur had been mislaid
or lost, and an application was made to set
him free. The paper was found and that set
tled Sierp's case.
TO CVIIK A COLO IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative BioiuoQulnine Tablet*. All drug-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2S, 1 SOT.
DRUMMOND'S
DASHING FORAY
Personality of the Man Who
Is Making a Conquest
of Honduras.
Ambiticus to Rule a Fair Land
Tw C 9 as Large as San
Bernardino.
His Intrepid March Toward Teguci
galpa — An Imitator of the Famous
Filibuster Wa k-r-
The special to The Call yesterday from
New Orleans saying the steamer Buck
note had arrived there from Honduras
wit ii the news that an Englishman named
Drummond was, by the assistance of some
twenty English and American follower?,
making a complete conqi.est of Honduras,
was read here with much interest. Drum
mond, the dispatch said, had marched on
Puerto Cortez, captured it and moved on
The Gty of Tegucigalpa, on Which Filibuster Drummond Is
Leading His Forces.
[Drawn from a late photograph.}
to San Pedro, which place he also cap
tured, and after taking possession of the
two trains on the railroad, struck across
the country to make a conquest of Teguci
galpa, the capital of the little republic.
Ex-President Desoto was said to be look
ing on complacently from Beiize, which
is the capital of British Honduras, and
near at hand. Druramond recently
shipped a lot of rifles in bales of hay from
New Orleans, and got into the papers at
the time. He seems an intrepid, daunt
less sort of fellow, much like General
Walker, the famous filibuster of Nica-
iaeua
What adds to the keenness of the
interest regarding tue end of his foray is
i he statement that "enriched by the
custom-house receipts, Dnimmond and
his array captured all the neighboring
villages before attacking the town of San
Pedro, wnere Goyernnient forces, 300 in
number, were put to flight."
But more than this, he captured two
entire trains and locomotives. Tho attack
ing party wa« armed witn Winchester
rifles and" two Gatling Rims. By the time
Drummond and bis followers had reached
I and conquered San Pedro, ihis force had
| swollen to fully 1000 men, those who joined
1 then being aUsatislied with the admin.s
tratlon of President tfonilla. It was with
this force that Druramond struck out for
Tegucigalpa.
Puerto Cortez, which he first took, is
the important coast town nearest British
Honduras. Fioru them D.-urarnond and
nis li'tle band proceeded up the Charmeli
j con River to San Pedro and took that
! place. They had previously taken the
town of Cabiido, and they now took
This Outline Map Shows the Cities and Railroad Captured by
Drummond and His Line of March Toward the Capita.
formal possession of the railway between I
Puerto Ccrtez, witb all the cars and loco
motives. This railroad Is thirty-seven
miles long, and is very important when
the subjugation of the republic is consid
ered.
It appears that as Drurnmond advanced
with his determined lollowers he had
things virtually his own wny. Tne troops
deserted their standards, and at one time
600 men fled to the woods.
Dr. E. Calderon, the Consul-General of
Honduras, Nicaragua and Salvador, was
considerably interested in the foray of j
Drummond. He said the last correspond- j
enoe he had was to the effect that affairs
were quiet in Honduras. It costs 70 cents I
a worj by telegraph and cable to get news
from Tegucigalpa. All the dispatches
come by way of Galveston.
"I have heard a number of times about
this man Drummond," sail F. de Mi
randa, one of the owners of the ship Mad
elaiue and operator of big oil wells in
I'eru. "The troub'.e is the same that baa
been agitating the country at times for
several years. It originated at Belize. I
never met Mr. Drummond, however."
Honduras is a beautiful little country,
about twice as big as Ban Bernardino
County, has very good mines, a fine cli
mate and rich soil adapted to the growing
of coffee, tobacco, corn and tropical fruits, j
The bigce«t town is Teeucigalpa, witb
about 16.000 people. The whole popula- j
tion is about 450,000. or a little more than '
ban Francisco. Puerto Cortez, the coa»t j
lowu wliick Druuimoud touK asa sw.rt.off, '
has about 8000 people, so Dr. Calderon
stated.
The results of Drummond's campaign
ing will be watched with interest. If he
succeeds tv making the country entire and
holding It permanently, he will do what
has not been accomplished by «o j-mall a
force on this or any other continent proo
ably in a hundred years, or at least noth
ing like it sinre California was wrested
from the Spanish by our people.
THE SCUOLA ITALIANA.
The Little One* Had a Pleaiant Outing
at Shell Mouid Park Vcs
trrday.
Th« Italian Free School, located in the Ls
Conte Schoolhouse on Powell itrtet, near
Jackson, had an outing at Shell Mound
! Park Sunday that will long be remem
bered. This tcliool is presided over by P.
Barbieri, the president, and the attend
ance is large. While it occupies an apart
ment in a public scnool building the insti
tution is supported by the members of the
! local Italian colony. However, all who
j desire to learn to speak the language and
: rend the literature of sunny Italy may
! do so.
The early boats and trains to Shell
Mound were loaded with the members of
the Italian colony and their families, and
the juvenile element, with Professor Bar
' bieri lit the head, was very much in evi
j dence. All wera provided with their
i lunch baskets and a merry time was hnd.
Dancing pavilions, athletic grounds and
, swings were alive all day. There was any
quantity of music and besides the concert
■ mere was a very interesting musical f«>a
j lure— a new polka song composed by Miss
I Paulina liottanzi and Professor Devin
! cezei— which was rendered by the pupils
lof the school. On the racetrack the fol-
lowing were the pr.ze winners for fleet
ness.
Boys' races, fi to 8 yef»rs, Georpe Ferrogriaro;
8 to 10. RolanMo rassasa; 10 10 12, A. Nava;
12 and over, Natale Ferrofjgtaro.
tiirls' nee*, t> to H, Amelia Cassaia; 8 to 10,
Mary CalesHna: 10 to 12, Elvira Dondero; V 2
and over, Mane Franchi.
Boys' captains' races— John Z*ro and An
tonio Devoto divided the prize on a tie.
(ilr's' captains' ranes— Romeldla Tonlni.
Greased-pole climbing— First prize, Rolando
Cassasa; second prize, Angelo Ferroggiaro.
After the races O7er 150 merchandise
prizes were distribute! by the '•tombola,"
or lottery. The ouilnjr was arranged and
managed by the following:
Honorary president, Cay. Filippo Serra,
Consul-General of Italr.
y xecntlvf committee- p. Barblm, Q. Lolgl, o.
Bovo. I> Jorre, B. Ratio, N. Ferroraiaro, O. B.
Hazzurro. (• Hoccatatllata. O. Bovori-. Hr. I* 1)
HaclKHlupi, K. Hugg.ero, U. Krtola, J. t.Martlnonl,
1. Pardlui, (1. B. Cmvagll*.
Keception commiiiee— N. Ferroggiaro. O. Bux
zurro. O. H. Cavaglla, >. Torre, is. Katio, A.
tiui.iiiov. Danerl, A. Brlcca, A. L. Baclgalap', K.
\»:,iicc-i, Ange o Kerrogglaro, (iluseppe Brusco, 1.
Pardini, V. Davalle. A. Krtola, !S. Botiaro, P.M.
coiisonuo. C Bernasconl.
Floor coranalttpe— U. I. nisi. G. Ertola, C. Bovon^,
Dr. L. D. Bacigalnpf, F.. V. PaiDni'ri, 0. 'laccont,
M. O. Toninl, Dr. C. BarsotlL
Hace committee— V. Barblerl, O. Bovo, J. K.
Martinonl. Dr. (4. Peseta, Capt. L. Baglletto, F.
Zeiro. c R C'analll.
Ijo tery committee— J. F. Marttnonl, O. I,ulst, N.
Kerrojgiaro, a. L. Bacigalnpt, A. HeratiDL
SHE WANTED TO DIE.
A Woman Who Deserted Her Hatband
Could Not Bear Her I. over's
Loss.
Mrs. May Lelievre attempted suicide
early yesterday morning at her rooms, 909
Kearny street, by drinking carbolic acid.
At the Receiving Hospital she was given
such treatment that she ninv possibly re
cover, bat for the present she is suffering
dreadful agony.
The woman deserted her husband short
ly after her marriatre, two years ago. and
has been living with one Paul Egl. a
driver lor tbe Vienna bakery. She claims
he threatened to leave her for some other
woman, a"d becoming despondent she
preferred to die rather than live without
him.
WISH TO DISCOURAGE THEM.
Supervisor* Decline to Permit Altera
tion* to * Berry-Btr«et Structure.
The Fire Commute© of the Board of Su
pervisors struck another blow at the dis
reputable houses in some of the alley* of
this City yesterday by refusing to permit
alterations requested by the landlord ot a
Berry-street structure.
Supervisor Smith prevented Improve
ments on a Quincy -street bonse beini; per
mitted at Monday's meetine, and was
present yesterday to urge tnat no encour
aeement be j.lven property-owners on the
alleys. He will oppose all propositions to
improve or change me houses, hoping by
this means to discourage the occupants
into leaving the more respectable portion*
of the City.
In Boston a monkey has learned to ride
awheel. It wears tbe handle-bars very
low, and is & persistent scorcher.
RATES TO POINTS
IN MARIN COUNTY
Reductions Asked in Single
Fares and Commu
tations.
The Investigation of the Matter
Held Be .'ore the Railroad
Commission.
Two Railroai Presidents oa the
Witness-Stard— McCue Conduct-,
the Examination.
Shall the round-trip fare between San
Francisco and San Rafael and all inter
mediate points be reduced to 25 cents, and
shall the men's monthly commutation
tickets between the same points be re
duced to ?3, the amount charged for
women, were the two issues that were pre
sented to the Railroad Commission yes
terday.
The-?e questions were raised in the com
plaint filed seme weeks ago by James S.
McCue against Ihe San Francisco and
Nonh Pacific Railroad and the North
Pacific Coast Railroad. This charged that
Corte Madera was discriminated against,
ns the lare from San Francisco to San
Rafael, a considerably longer distance
than from San Francisco to Corte Mndera,
was the same as bitween S»n Francisco
and Corte Madera; ttiat discrimination
was practiced in charging men ?5 for
monthly commutation tickets and women
only $3, and that discrimination also ex
isted in maKing a round-trip rate of 25
cents between San Francisco and San Ra
iael to members oi the Scbuetzen Club.
McCne was present in person and was
permitted to conduct the examination.
Jesse W. lilienthal represented the Snn
Francisco and North Pac:fio X nil road and
C. P. Eells appeared for the North Pacific
Coast.
President A. W. Foster of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific was the first wit
ness called, lie at once put McCue on
record as having inaJe a statement that
the road of which witness is president was
not making any money. On this ground
alone, he claimed, the complaint so far as
it concerned the road ought to be dis
missed.
In response to questions by McCue,
Foster teatined that the fare from San
Francis-co to San Clemente, four miles ihis
side of San Rafael, was 50 cents, the same
as the fare Irom San Francisco to San
Rafael; that the same rate was charged
to Greenbrae and to Ban Quentin; that
the share of the railroad in ttie fare to San
Quentin was 25 cents, the other 25 cents
going to the stage line between Greenbrae
and San Quentin ; that an excur.-ion rate
of 25 cents for the round trip between San
Francisco and San Rafael was granted to
the members of the Scbuetzen Club, the
members atul attendants of the military
academy at San Rafael and the inmates
of the convent at the same place; that a
$5 commutation rate was charged for men
between San Francisco and San Rafael,
and a $3 rate for women between the same
points.
The reason women were e ranted a lower
rate than men, he explained. wa» because
many women did not use their tickets
more than ten or a dozen times a month.
He uNo explained hit the reason for
charging haif-rates on Sundays for return
tickets to points north of San Rafael and
lull existing rates to San Rafael and
points ti-is side of it was that San Rafael
had already been given the benefit of such
a reduction. The reduced rale- on Sun
day were made to encourage suburban
travel.
J. B. Stetson, president of the North
Pacific Coast Railroad, was next sworn.
In the course of his examination he stated
thai the fare from San Francisco to Corte
Madera was 50 cents and from Sf n Fran
cisco io Mill Valley it was 40 cents,
although the distance was about the same
from San Francisco to either point. He
also tes:ified that men.-* monthly commu
tation tickets between ban Francisco and
Corte Madera were sold for $5 and be
tween San Francisco and Mill Valley for
$4. This difference in the charge, he said,
was due to the greater cost of construc
tion of the main line on which Corle Ma
dera is located. The tunnel through
which the road passes beiore reaching
Corte Madera, he in ormed the commis
sion, cost about $160,000; the branch to
Mill Valley runs along bottom land.
President Stetson also admitted to favor
ing the ladies who traveled over his road
with a $3 r.ue for commutation tickets be
tween San Rafael and San francisco.
McCue took the stand and attempted to
show by figures, wh.cii he said had been
prepared by an expert, the cost of con
struction of IbcNortb Pacific Coast road.
An objection was made by Attorney Eells
to the introduction of these figures unless
it was fitst shown that the person who
prepared the statement was qualified to
testify as an expert. McCue did not have
his expert present nor did he condescend
to name him. The commission sustained
the obioction and McCue abandoned all
ntteinpi to go into construction cost, in
terest charges and other similar data. He
.;iiil he was willing to leave the whole
matter to the judgment and discretion of
the commission.
This closed the presentation of testi
mony.
McCue opened the argument. He
claimed there waa discrimination against
Corte Madera and against ma:e passen
gers on the North Pacific Coast road, and
asked that the round-trip rate between
San Francisco and San Rafael and all in
termediate points be reduced to 25 cents,
and that the discrimination against malt
passengers be properly adjusted by re
ducing commutations to them to $3. He
also made the same pica in reference to
the San Francisco and North Pacific road.
He made the claim that the commutation
rate to women could not be raised, and
that the Sunday half rate should be made
to apply to all points. He asserted that
there would be 10,000 mire people in
Marin County in two years if fares were
reduced.
Atiorney Lilienthal claimed that so far
as me To.-iii he represented was concerned,
McCue was not a resident of any point on
tbe road, and therefore had no standing
before the commission. He denied there
was any discrimination, and held that in
asmuch as it bad been admitted by the
prosecuting witness that tbe road was los
ing money the commission could not
justly reduce any of its rates. He con
tended that as the women commuters
used their tickets only a small portion of
the month, they would bs properly con
sidered a different c!as- of passengers
from men, who used their tickets daily.
Eells argced on the same lines and
claimed further that the constitution gave
tbe companies the right to make ex
cursion and commutation rates without
regard to the clause prohibiting discrim
inations.
McCue closed tbe argument without
making any new point, and tbe matter
was taken under advisemen .
The railroad people claim that the sale
of commutation tickets is not a rate ac
cording to the constitution, and that they
hare tbe right to withdraw such tickets
and put in a new schedule for commuters.
If the $3 rate to women is held to be a
discrimination it in probable that it will
be raised to $5. and the representatives of
both companies claim ihey could not
stand a reduction of the commutation rate
to men.
KETV TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
BROKEN LINES
REMNANTS
At Tremendons Bednctions!
To-day we combine a variety of broken lines and remnants in
a GREAT SPECIAL OFFERING AT SACRIFICE PRICES
TO FORCE AN IMMEDIATE CLEARANCE!
LADIES^KiD GLOVES!
-2 C I — 75 dozen 4-BUTTON AND 5- HOOK KID GLOVES, colors and black, odd
■^ts** sizes, regular price 75c. will be close*! out at 2."> c a pair.
enr — 54 doz»n 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, embroidered backs, colors and black
3 UV< regular price $1 25, on special sale at 50c pair.
j LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
ffr — 200 rioz^n LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED HAND-EMBROIDERED
0 s " HANDKERCHIEFS, regular value $1 '20 and $1 50 per dozen, on special sale at
5c eacb.
I RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
IjW**— 2-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, as
«-»3** boned colors, value 15c, will be offered at B}^c.
- ftr -5-IXCHFANCY DRESDEN RIBBON^ entirely new and Handsome dejigns,
3 ut value $1, will ba offered at 50c.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
r>OC~ " 5 <loz<Ml MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL NEGLIGEE OVER-
«5 V/Wr SHIRTS, made with yoked backs, extra large and with pearl buttons, regular
price 60c, will be placed on sale at 30c eacli.
lOC" 1 c , ase EOYS ' SANITARY MERINO SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, all sizes,
Wl u ij 0 closed out at liOi; eacli.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
DRESS LENGTHS OF SERGES marked down to HALF PRICE
DRESS LENGTHS OF CLOTHS marked down to HALF FRICE
DREBS LENGTHS OF CHECKS marked down to HALF PRICE
DRESS LENGTHS OF BOUCLES marked down to HALF PRICE
DRESS LENGTiJS OF BEIGES marked down to ".HALF PRICE
DRESS LENGTHS OF BOURETTES marked down to HALF I'RICE
THE ENTIRE ACCUMULATION OF REMNANTS OF COLORED
DRESS GOODS marked down to HALF PRICE
REMNANTS OF BLACK GOOD 3 MARKED DOWN TO HALF PRICE.
I Ml M MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/{/ Market Street, Corner of Jone* /
San. Francisoo.
THE CERTIFICATE
WAS REJECTED
Health Officers Want Sarah
Sheehan's Death In
vestigated.
Dr. George Adam, the Family
Physician, Reported the
Case.
Developments in the Loring Case
Made the Officials Sus
picious.
Poor Sarab Sheehan, for her sin, now
lies on a slab in tbe Morgue. She is the
18-year-old daughter of a bard working
laborer living xt 210 Moulton street, tbU
City. Last Sunday morning she d:ea, and
when tbe relatives brought tbe deatb cer
tificate signed ty Dr. George Adam to the
office of the Board of Health, the Health
Officer declined to issue a burial permit,
the cause of death being stated as peri
tonitis.
Experience in the case of Mrs. Loring
had mnde the Health Office more careful
about issuing permits in suspectable cases.
The body was accordingly taken in charge
by the Coroner and conveyed to the
Morgue.
Dr. George Adam, whose office is room
149 Pbelan building, made the following
statement to a Call reporter yesterday
afternoon:
"I have been the family physician of the
Sheehan* for several years continuously.
On March 29, Miss Sheeban's brother
telephoned to me to go oat to the honse
and attend her, she being ill. I afterward
learned that it was against her express
wish that 1 had been called in.
"I found, on making an examination,
that she bad been sick for from five to
seven days before I vas called, ana that
decomposition had set in, cither from nat
ural causes or following a criminal opera
tion. I relieved the patient and she got
well in a few day* and was np and abont
for two weeis after that. After that pe
riod I was called again and found her dy
ing from peritonitis.
"When I saw that she was dying I
made her confess to her mother. She
said that she had been keeping company
with a conductor on the >illniore-street
cars and that he gave her $2 50 to go
downtown and see some physician. She
refused to tell me the name of tbe doctor
whom she went to see. She died on Sun
day morning, and the cause of her death
was probably flora catching cold after she
got up."
Dr. Gallagher performed an antopsy
yesterday Afternoon and found that peri
tonitis was the cause of deatb.
BACTERIA MAY KILL FLEAS.
Hopeful Speculations of a Kansas
Microbe Professor.
Professor George W. Bond of Leaven
worth, Kas., passed tbrongh the City yes
terday on his way to Los Angeles. Pro
fessor Bond has for many years made a
study of chinch bugs and like pests that
destroy crops.
"I think you might get rid of your flea
pest hero," he said last night, "just aa
we got away with the chinch bugs —
namely, by infecting them with lomi
kind of microbes that would destroy
them. You see. we spray our fields with
a harmless-looking fluid, but it is a
bacillus culture of a gelatinous nature,
and it contains enough germs to make a
whole field full of chinch bugs fatally 111.
In some such way you might discover the
bane for fleas and, by spraying a room]
with the material, drive them all into a
disease that would soon finish them."
Fell From a Streetcar.
R. P. Hoove, assistant secretary of the Board
of Education, received painful injuries about!
the left arm and knee yesterday morning byi
being thrown from a Post-street car as if
turned a corner into Park avenue. He was
treated at the Receiving Hospital.
NEW TO-DAT.
Ss2los2!T
Electric
(Jnr Oneof UUllOf
Onr Customers. U U 1 1 W I
We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
; selling for $4O to $50.
$4 TO 825.
GALVANIC OR FARADIO BATTERIES.
We are Agents for a Dry-Cell Batter/ tbat ts far
ahead of any in the markjec Call and see it.
700 for TRUSSES.
\V* have an immense stock aad guarantee a
perfect til. < _ ,
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Just arrived. Bee th«m la
our window. . • . • , t; , '.-V""'.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
868 ]MCarlx.ot Street,
- - south Side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Freud's Corset House.
SPECIAL SALE CORSETS.
Corded Corset Waists and Shoulder
Braces for Ladies, Misses and '.-,.
: Children.
Tb c Ventilating or Summer Con*et, new
fn style, perfect In shape. Price
from SQo up.
Improved Cutaway Elastic Hip Corset
CORSETS HADE TO ORDER AND RE-
PAIRED. ITIT UUARAXTKKD. .
Our Illustrated Catalogue sent free to any s4-
dress.
gf Mall Orders receive prompt attention.
Make No Mistake in Our Address,
M. FREUD & SON,
742- 744 farkct St. and 10-12 tout Ate.
910
DISCUSSED
INDUSTRIAL
SUBJECTS
The Second Day Session of
the Woman's Con
gress.
MAYOR PHELAN READS A
PAPER.
College Professors Deliver Ad
dresses Upon Timely
Subjects.
A SOCIETY FOR MOTHERS OH
GAN.'ZSD.
Men Jo n in the Discussion and Ad
vance Theories Founded on
Experience. .
The second day's session of the great
congress of women differed materially
from that of the opening day. It was a
restful session. Tne atmosphere of "un
settlednes-" hnd been dis.-ipated, and
visitors, members and officers alike en
joyed the peaceful culm begot of satisfac
tion and recognized success.
The>e were no "stars" to be introduced.
Mrs. Gardener did not appear till late in
the at:ernoon, and tne picturesque figure
of the Erahruacharin was missinc.
Tlie committee had fixed up a bit.
There were brjgh:, fresh flowers on the
stage, and that absence uf a suitable
'•background" that had worried the more
esthetic members was supplied by a grace
ful bunching of palms and the shining
leaves of tne rubier tree.
Many new faces were noticed in the au
dience, and none were missin.2. The new
comers were nearly all voting, pretty and
gay, lending to the session that touch of
essential iighines?, without which no
woman-gathering seems complete. Some
of the ladies in the audience were con
siderate enourh to remove their hats, and
many carried notebooks to jot down those
gems of thought that fell iroiu the lips of
the gified speakers.
Tiiere were a larger number of men
present than on the opening day, and
they contri bated a spirit of combativene-s
to the proceedings.
Mayor Phelan's paper especially aroused
them to action. While two arose to con
gratulate and comment, two others in
eloquent outburst? Dicked holes in his
theories and in turn tir >;>oanded ques
tions that remaine 1 unanswered.
The Mayor advanced the theory that
closing tne avenues of one branch of in
dustry was invariably the means of open
ing another and frequently in a more re
munerative channel EL T. Mclver made
a strong ofjjectioi to this fashion of
reasoning, »r.d declared that it was wrong;
to oncourcge the youth to become artisan-.
for what work had we to offer Liie skilled
workman of to-day? "Wnat would we
have to offer the workmen of the future V '
Encouraging applause spurred Mclver on
to a more detailed discussion and rewarded
him at the close iur his noble, well-put
loijic.
Mrs. Swift, as on the opening day, did
the nonors of the convention with :i grace
ful tact. Each speaker was introaucea
with kindly courteous words that imme
diately established a feeling of sympathy
between lecturer and auditor.
In the morning there was no session.
The board of lady managers met and dis- '
cusseo. finances, and incidentally tlie sub
ject of providing a ball for Friday night.
Golden Gate llall is let for a dance on
Friday evening, and consequently it be
came a matter of securing another
meeting-place or of ppstponia* the Fri
day programme to Sunday. The latter
was finally decided upon.
While the ladies were deliberating the
many ladies interested in tlie congress
were auending a meeting of mothers at
the First Unitarian Church.
The exact purpose of the meeting was
set fonh 10 be to form an organization
"to unite all nersons, and especially
mothers, who wisn to keep in touch with
the new movement in child study; to
stimulate mothers to study their children
and educate themselves in the principles
ana facts that underlie the wisest child
training; to unite home and school ino:e
intelligently in the work of education ; to
make the kome a recognized educational
Institution, in line with the kindergarten,
the school and the university."
To-dny there will be three sessions,
morning, afternoon and evening.
THE INDUSTRIAL ARTS.
They Are Discussed at the
Woman's Congress. J; . .
The industrial arts occupied the atten
tion of the speakers at the Woman's Con
gress yesterday. Each Jecturer dealt with
the subject In that concise manner that
denotes a profound thinker and deep ob
lerver.
George Merrill was the first speaker in
troduced. His excellent paper was listened
to and solemnly applauded. Among other
things the gentleman sail:
" The man ual-tralning idea came to America
througn the Russian educational exhibit at
trie Centenn.al Exposition, I'hiludilphia,
1876. It whs first pui to test in the Massa
cuusette Institute of Technology. Its general
intioduction, however, was by means of cer
tain newly established institutions of higti
school grade. The St. Louis Ma:.ual Trninmg
School wan the first of its kind in America.
The development oi the inanual-training
idea from this earliest stage to its creaent
status presents various phases, of which the
following is a convenient synopsis:
•1. Multiplication of schools of the St. Louis
type and the extension of their programmes
to include courses for girls.
2. Extension of woodwork into the higher
erammar grades, and for ordinary grades
knifework exercises of American origin.
3. The Sloyd movement, ol Swedish origin.
4. The amalgamation of tooUvork, drawing,
sewing, cookery and the kindergarten into a
continuous graded course of ma-ual • training,
or all grades from the kindergarten to college.
Manual training and trades schools have
little in common, except their equipments.
In methods, scope and purpose they are radi
cally different. Mnnual training has extended
its resources ereatly within ihe last few years.
It was originally a training, not in, but by
means of, or through the agency of, exercises
borrowed here and there from various indus
trial pursuits. It almn primarily to educate,'
not to give a knowledge per se of thi» thing or
that thing, but simply to train and develop;
that is, to educate, in the ordinary and broad
est sen.-c of that term. It is a matter of the
acquisition of intellect' by means of in
struction in toolwork, drawing, seiving, cook
ery, or any other handwork— ■ it does not
matter whether this instruction is given in the
kindergarten, the common school or the high
school. In the trades school this discipline is
purely inciden ;if aimed at at all it is made
a matter of secondary importance. What is
Bought in the trades school is the acquirement
Of fckll; in the use of the materials, tools and
npphances that pertain to some one pursuit
Surely for the sake o: the dollars *nd cents to
be, acquired afterward from this particular
knowledge, In this c««e uxe uujuuctioa given
SPEAKERS AT THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS YESTERDAY.
is in itself the end nouglr— an industrial end ;
in manual training, on the contrary, tne in
dustrial training serves on.y as a means to a
h:glierend — a means of educating. With this
difference Implied in its limitations, the ad
jective industrial is apjuied to both.
ihe extent to which manual training has
been incorporated in the course of study is
very different In different localities, but in
nearly every Instance it has won recognition
on purely pedagogical grounds. By this I
mean to say that it has been accepted* by edu
cators only alter it has sntisned their notions
of the tneory of educatiou. But with all this
it is a question whether it would have nad a
fair trial to show its pedagogical sounduess
hod ii not been barged up by the moral and
financial support of the general community,
which has not been altogether favorably dis
posed toward educational theories. There
was a time when schools were supposed to
exist tor the role purpose oi diffusing useful
knowledge. But nowaday-, this Is regarded
by educators as a ser-oudarv consideration;
with them the first thorght is the training
and development of the cnitd. And there is
the root of the co troversy between the
schoolmen and the more practical people.
The educational importance of a subject i»
measured by its dis-ciplinary value; its eco
nomic iujpo:tnnce <iepen<is upon the amount
of useful knowledge ii contains. I'ntn the
advent of manual training the educational
tneory seemed iv trend more and more away
from economic considerations, and the com
mon-school curriculum became more iind
more a subject for adverse criticism, until
there seemea to be some truth in the parody
that defined a school as a plßce for ''the con
fusion of useless knowledge."
In conclusion, it is the general consensus of
opinion among those most intimately con
cerned with the industrial affairs of the
American people that our schools should be
productive oi more practical results; that
through them an industrial instinct should be
developed as the predominant trait of Ameri
can citizenship. And in response to this de
mand I believe thftt the thtory of education
will witness a reversion to economic consider
ations. If it is the business of the schools to
moke citizens then the economic and educa
tional cannot be divorced. In many ways are
they affiliated, ana the closeness of this affilia
tion will increase rather than diminish, so I
am convinced that the present tendency
toward industrial education will continue at
an accelerated rate, and that Us progress will
lead to the introduction of an industrial ele
ment of some kind into every grade of tlie
common school.
By this I mean merely to point out the di
rection tn which we are trending; as regards
particulars of the conditions that will prevail
ten or twenty years hence I would not venture
too strong an opinion. Thus far the import
ance of industrial education has been urged
by extremists, and likewise it has been op
posed by extremists. Both Sides are right aud
both are wrong. Each proclaims the truth,
but not the whole truth. The major portion
ot the ola-time curriculum is valuable and
should be preserved aguinst all innovations;
but It is equally true that the industrial
branches have in them a large element of
good. In time the best of eacn will be ex
tracted and combined, and thus will there be
evolved a new education, the ultimate details
of winch It seems not in the power of the
human mind to predict, but surely it will
te&d to harmonize with the Industrial activ
ity that promises to be the ruling spirit of the
twentieth century.
Mayor Phelan followed Mr. Merrill.
Mrs. Swift introduced him by sayine:
"Our worthy Mayor, who always doe tne
graceful thing and says the wise one."
Mayor i'helan's address was as follows:
What interests men and women who are
hard at. work in a great city, in whose life and
whose development tney are wrapped up and
of which they become consciously or uncon
sciou»v a part, is the industrial possibilities
of the place and what the luture holds. From
the beginning the peaceful destiny ot America
nas been its most, prominent characteristic.
Waen the Old Wond was torn wlih turmoil,
wars and social upheavals, blighted trade and
scattered commerce, America was looked upon
as the certain future field of the world's great
est industrial and commercial achievements.
It appeared, indeed, an inviting, field lor
man's enterprise aud industry, where he
could work without molestation. Napoleon,
after the cessiois of Louisiann, expressing a
sentiment which no doubt inspired him to
make favorable terms with Jefferson, ex
clttimed, "I have given to England a rival
which will sooner or later humble her prid-."
When the social fabric of France was shattered
and an exhausted people, drained of appar
ently every resource, stood with empty hands
us the gaunt. monuments of destroyed indus
tries, Carlyle, mocking Burkes words, said.
•The age of chivalry is gone and could not but
co, having now produced the still more in
domitable age of hunger." All eyes were
turned toward the New World. At that time
there were practically no manufactures. Life
was comparatively simple. Amusements were
few. Agriculture was the principal occupa
tion of the people.
But by degrees, with the growth of manu
factures, cities developed wonderfully in pop
ulation, numbers and extent, until the habit*
of the raco were changed and' the status of
man as a tool-using animal was re-established
on new lines. Machinery fostered thu new
tendency by cutting down the numbers en
gaged in and the remuneration paid for agri
cultural employment on the one hand and by
giving enormous scope to the manufncturlne
enterprises on the other. And those crianpes
are going on to-day. Men lose employment in
the cities by reason ot labor-saving devices,
and skilled mechanics have to learn n<- w arts
or. trades in order to subsist. While this
works great individual hardship in many in
stances, still it is •ometning that cannot and
will not be restrained, and which will ulti
mately, by cheapening the cost of production
and adding to the comforts of life, compensate
for apparent injury and loss. Another field
opens from the one that is closed. And yet it
Is hard to convince the disemploved man of
these lacts. In the lite of ; Benjamin Franklin
you will read' a curious story of how one
morning,' whilo Franklin was in London, ihe
King decided to wear bis own natural hair.
Up io lit tv time every genUemau wots a wig.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
At once the wigmakers held a meeting and
petitioned his Majes;y to cease from wearing
nis own natural hair, because their trade
would be destroyed.
They enumerated the number of men
engaged in ii and said, as a filial
and conclusive argument, that in their
places French barbers and hair-dress
ers would come across the channel and
take the bread out of their mouths and the
shingles off their roofs. Now, what would
you have done in thai case? The King con
tinued to wear lv- natural hair, and every
gentleman in the land iollowed his example,
and the wigmakers lost their employment.
Km ma short lime the wiguiakers' sons be
came barbers ana hair-dressers, and lound a
more extensive employment, because whereas
a wig would last for a very long time the hair
of a man will grow and be in need of dress-
Ing. And probably in the limed Kingdom a
great deal more money was spent lor this rea
son in tne barber's chair t.,an formerly ever
had been spent in the wlgmaker's simp. So
men engaged in industrial employments may
be short-sighted in their demands, and re
cently 1 saw, to my surprise, that au axsovia
tioii (of the Brotherhood of Engineers aud
Trui.iiju-ii. 1 believe) petitioned the Legisla
ture of one of the Middle Western States* not
to reduce fares and irelghti because their
wages would possibly be reduced. Ido not
know w_hal the Legislature did, but 1 am sat
iMi<:l (hat if they reduced fares ana freight*)
the increased volume of business would com
pensaie for the loss which the petitioner! had
ituag ned woula ensue.
Jt is always a safe rule to consider the inter
ests of the greatest number in all these mat
ters, because, in case railroad fares and freights
are. oppressive, a man caunot get hia goods to
market, or, in gelling them to market, makes
a forced contribution to the common carrier,
which abs-'rbs his prolit and visits the com
munity with chronic depression and peren
nial hard times; and no employe is either
safely secure or rewarded in his employment
when- whole coinmuuities of men suffer from
a real grievance or wrong.
With these changing times, fashion inviting
and invention compelling change, there is no
certainly in employment unless a deep foun
dation in technical knowledge is laid, or a
man's versatility be broad and his adapta
bility to new conditions be easy. A man must,
in these days, be progressive and move with
the age iv which he lives. There is nothing
so staple that is not subject to the law
of change or to the exigencies of accident.
Yon will remember in ••Hamlet" how the two
oiu grave-diggers conversed. One propounds
the coiiundrum ; "What is he that builds
stronger than either the mason, the
shipwright or the carpenter?" »nd the answer
is, "The grave-digger, because the house tnat
tie makes lasts tin doomsday." That seemed
a good answer In Hamlet's time, but in our
modern cities we move even the graves of the
dead; cemeteries change their locations, and
even the grave-digger himself is superseded
by the fireman who attends the crematory.
Certainly c »c of the great duties of a well
ordered municipality thatabsorbsin its greedy
maw such vast populations, tempting the farm
er's boy irom his naiive fields, and bringing up
a progeny of its own which throng its streets, U
to keep everyone if possible well employed.
Tne trades unions limit the number of appren
tices in the industrial trades an: the hard lift;
of the seaman keeps the city bred boy a^ home.
Here employment on the sea has Its draw
backs, on the land its limitations. Now, the
city must overcome these limitations and
arawoacks. In this great port training-ships
should accustom the boys to the sea and teach
them the duties of a sailor, so that they wilt
ultimately take the piace of the hardened
jack tar (who is now ruled by brutality ana
lorce) and give the merchant marine service
ac^s of men worthy that fascinating and
venturesome, honorable and heroic vocation,
which in alt ages has been the forerunner and
thu ieeding stream of national prestige and
commercial supremacy.
Bui in order to have trade we must give as
well as receive, and the city that produces
nothing, nothing shall she get. Tne com
merce of San Francisco is with the islands of
the Pacific and the great Oriental shores be
yond, and their wantx we must studiously cul
tivase. Hut in order to compete in the mar
kets oi the world, we must produce the Dest,
or as good as the best, and in order to give
employment to our pecpie and bring wealth
to our community we cannot continue as we
have been doing, in purchasing goods made in
Germany and in France and iv England, or
continue to import skilled labor whenever any
manufacturing enterprise is projected. The
secret of the success of the great European
cities, among other things, consists very
larg.ly in something that we have not fos
tered, nor has any American community con
spicuously encouraged, and that is the estab
lishment of schools to give trade and vVshnl
chl education. When we mention the name
of Paris we at once conjure up in our imagina
tion everything that is dainty, beautiful and
arlistic, and looking for the source oi Parisian
success we at once see that even in the pri
mary schools manual training, ihe rudiments
of design and familiarity with tools are incul
cated.
From the primary school the pupil may go
ai 13 into h tr.u)c as au apprentice, and pro
vis, oa is made for the continuance of bis
studies either in the cvery-day classes or In
night schools. If he desires to"quuliiy for the
civil service of his country tnere are high
schools lor that purpose. It he goes in tor a
skilled trade, there ace professional colleges
to impart technical . knowledge, and tney all
bear directly on the trades which are profit
ably conducted in France." They teach work
in wood and iron and in the decorative arts
They teach chemistry and physics, iurnltur*
and upholstery, making printing, lithogra
phy, bookbinding, photography, photogravure
and muny new mechanical branches ot the re
productive arts. There are schools for girls in
which dressmaking and millinery and various
other industrial arts as well as domestic occu
pations are made the subject of patient care.
But the peculiarity of these schools is that they
teach tho.-e industries which are best adapted
to tne localities in which the, schools are es
tablished, as at Lille, in the north ot France,
for example, young men are trained in the
kDOwledce of the preat textile and mechanical
industries which thrive in that region.- And
what we say of France can also b« said of Eng
land and itoiinuo. :,;•-.
In Glasgow trades schools directly promote
the shipbuilding, the cnemicnl and the tex
tile manufactures of the Ciyde valley. The
Manchester municipal technical schuols in
clude a great spinning and weaving sctiool, in
wnich everything pertaining to those indus
tries is taught in «uch a manner as 10 assure
the maintenance of Manchester's supremacy
in the textile industries A scnool ot art and
design aud several important schools of me
chanical arts and engineering and practical
tr »<H'S are also established.
The most recent authority on tnese subjects
says that England now fee.s that hhe hii6 louud
in technical education thu best f'>mi of protec
tion lor her industries. Certainly ;h«i pro
tection which come- from the merit of the
artic.e itself, commanding a purenaser by 111
superiority, is h protection Hint Will be su
rerior to ui> lans, him. a> we have scon in too
; many instances, is .nuiel to leap over every
| bin iior that is, ntiii«d oetweeu it aud the mur-
I kf-t.
Tue complaint which has been jn»de about
- our education is that it i- of such a character
| that it unfit* men for manual toil rather than
j qualifies iliein for it, and as productive or
I other mbor must be the lot of the vast lnajor
j ity of men, and a- i: |i desirable that ii be so
i iot the individual's owu good and for the ud-
I vonceinent and prosperity ot 'he country, the
■ character and form 01 education become a
; matter of most vital importance to the welfare
:01 city and State. The Cniverßiiy of Caliior
nia was the recipient of land grants condi
tional upon its devotinK a iarge part of its
work— wnich it is doing— to the application ot
: scientific knowledge to the commercial, agri
cultural and manufacturing employments.
The Lick School in Franci.-co, with a
I small capacity, it is true, is working on these
hues, and recently, oy the death of two
| philanthropists, J. fc. WilmtTdiuK »"d Charles
j Lux, other schoois of a similar cintricier win
be provided, and hence the future gives
glimmeriugs 01 promiso But the munici
pality is doing practically nothin:;. Iv your
lime probably there were no facilities to ac-
i quire a knowledge of a trade or a profession or
an art in schoo-s where men are uncon
sciously guided and where young bo.M and
girls apply themselves to studies in the selec
tion of which they have no choice, and hence
probably you received a general education,
which, whiit* extremely desirable i:i itseli, is
not inconsistent with the knowledge of some
useful handicraft, trade or profession, winch
would be a delight and a pleasure, a ready
means of livelihood and a substantial coutri-
Dutlon to tin: wealth and prosperity of the
place in which you live.
The productive industries of a community
yield the best returns. It is the -nan. who
makes the blade of grass grow where none
grew before, who creates something uselul or
beautiful out of the crude material, who is in
the best sense a benefactor. Toward such
benefaction ii is possible for every man to
contribute, no matter what may be his means
or his condition. Tne producer cannot stand
a. one. In every scheme of industrial employ
ment there is provision made, even by the
cold political economist-, lor the wages of
superintendence. Yet the farmer in the in
terior calls the merchant of San Francisco ths*
toll-gatherer ut the gate. The producer looks
with suspicion, never appreciating their value,
upon what he calls the middlemen ; but the
middlemen are as necessary a part of the <-con
omic machine as the producer himself. What
avails production unless that which is pro
duced in exchanged for something of value, I
and the producer cannot boih produce and
become his own agent in the markets of the
world, which is properly the Held of com
merce and trade. Sovr every man who is en
gaged m the store or shop or the commercial
house who aids in bringing the buyer and the
seller together performs a vital and im
portant function, and his employment Is just
as honorable ana just as useful as any other.
The hopes ot mankind have not been disap
pointed in America. She has vindicated her
destiny of peace. Wide acres and weak neigh
bors have made the task easy.
She has given dignity to labor and destroyed
the false pretensions of the "age of chivalry."
Not only is :abor made honorable, but every
honorable American seeks, rather than shuns,
labor; and every community skould see that
the labor of its citixens Is made u«— lul. and be
directed into channels which will be the most
remunerative to the man and the most advan
tageous to the State.
These are the tendencies of the times, and
let us hope thai out of them great good win
come; and that the hero of the futme will not
necessarily be "the man on horseback" — not
alone the man who on occasions fights for his
country, but he who, in whatever capacity he
may be employed, whether it be afoot or
ahorse, makes his country worth lighting fur.
After Mayor Pbelan's paper, which
caused considerable discussion, Mrs. Eva
V. Carlin was introduced. Her paper on
"Child Labor" waa in part as follows:
The air is full of new cries for the better
ment of human life; there is a sound of the
gmhering ana remarshaling ol new .orces and
the reorganization of oid oik-s, impelling all
practical, sweei-soulea humanity to remedy
the present social situation, and tnere is no
••all mi instant und relevant as that raided in
the Interest of wage-earning chi.dhood. The
problem of the children is the problem of tne
State. In child-saving lies social redemption:
in childhood's freedom is unfolded the life of
the future freedom of the race.
"Saturday's child must work for its living,"
and the fact that thousands ol children en
gaged in continuous toil »nd deprived of ail
that makes UJe happy is accepted as the in
evitable sentence, from which there is no
escape. Need put* the child to work when he
should be at school. His labor causes low
wages for adults, thus increasing the need
and greed ol parent*, and employers complete
tne injustice. Ctlifornlii nnows children to
be employed ten hours per day, and the num
ber of such toilers ia on the increase among
Professor Elmer E. Brown brought the
aiernoon session to a clo-e by his paper
on "Technical Schools of California."
Among other things Professor Brown
said:
We are a Nation of idealists. Our pnblic
school system ig evidence of our idealism,
hren those who insist that our education be
made more practical insist that first of all
It shall oe broad and liberal. It Is a great
thing for our democracy that it has had this
insight.
But there ia another aspect of our education
which is not so generally understood, but is
worthy of the most serious consideration. It
may be stated in the tormof a nrinciplo sup
plementary to that broad and libeial idea of
our education. 1 may venture 'o elate that
principle in the fjliowing words: Public edu
cation in each of ita main divisions should
terminate in the mastery of some occupatiou
in lite.
The of the paper was occu
pied with the exposition of this principle
and its application to California condi
tions.
EVENING SESSION.
Two Speakers Held the Audience
Spellbound Until the Close.
Woman, lovely woman and otherwise,
married and single — mostly single, but
self-reliant and independent; intellectual,
sympathetic, refined, non-giggling women
for the greater part; the new woman of
brain and bravery to solve life's problems
and to battle with life's ills, filled every
inch of aittmg room during the evening
session.
Miss Kitherine Felton read a paper on
the subject, "The Importance to Women
?*j a knowledge of Economic Laws and
industrial Conditions," and her tieat
ment of the subject was all that couid be
desired, although the nine-year-old sta
tistics quoted by her would hardly apply
to the prauont industrial condition brought
abont by the increased output of labor
saving machinery.
Miss Pelton devoted considerable time
to the discussion of the matter of the en
croachment by women upon tue domains
of labor hitherto man's own. Their com
petition in certain lines had reduced
wages, and men had been forced to accept
like wages or abandon their work.
There was, however, one notable excep
tion — the Lancashire weavers, who took
women into their union* and demanded
for them the sarue wages that were being
paid to the men.
The speaker quoted from the statistics of
Carroll D. Wri^-iu of the Depnriment of
Labor, which statistics were collated in
1888. to illuminate certain dark problems
of the labor is-«ue. Inquiry of 17,47*2
women, textile workers, brain workers
and domestic servants excluded, gavo the
average a?e at 22 years ana 7 months,
showing that tbe working women in our
great cities are working girls. Of the
i whole number only 745 were married and
living with their hu»bMnd<;.
Tue average atre of 1032 working women
in Boston was 24 years, only seven of
whom were married, not including
widows, but including those who bad
been separated iroin their husbands. In
1889 of the working women of Massa
chusetts two-thirds were under 30 years
old and only 11 per cent married, includ
ing widows.
It appears from these old statistics that
married women formed but an insignii
| cant proportion of the whole numbe en
gaged In work, aud that tbe number of
married men permanently displaced by
women had not increased.
Women «eemed destined to take the
routine mental work, and m-n would have
to seek for something hgher. As the
introduction ot machinery had been con
ducive to the weii being of society, so
would the introduction of woman into the
field of labor be conducive to that end
likewise.
Helen Gardiner, the popular authoress,
whose works breathe the spirit of the
newer and the freer age. was intro
duced l>v the chairwoman. Miss Gardiner's
appearance is not at all suggestive of blue
stocking". On t c contrary, -he is a sweet
faced, swee. -voiced little woman, all gold
and no brass. Her manner suggests the
proverbial modeitrof merit.
She began by taking issue with Miss
Felton's statement that women were not
and would not be successful as civil en
gineers. It happened to be a matter of
knowledge with her that one of the great
est engineering feats ever performed in
the world was by a woman, the de« ; ening
and construction of the Brooklyn Brmge.
It was not generally known that a woman
did it. The man who undertook the task
b-oke down and lost his sight, and all the
mathematical work and calculation and
engineering were done by a woman. It
was not wise to tell it at the time, bat it
was a fact.
It was not wi«e at the time to tell that
Miss Carroll of Maryland planned Grant's
campaign in Tennessee, but Grant ad
mitted that such was the fact. Had it
been announced at the time it was feared
that the soldiers would not have had con
fidence in the plun of campaign and that
this lack of confidence would have had a
very bad effect.
A large part of the most skillful work
of the great New York Aqueduct was
done by a woman.
This ended Miss Gardener's little talk,
and then a most d stressing thing hap
pened. A poor male of middle age, a
demi-brunetie, arose out of a cloud of
women in the rear of the hall and asked
whether the woman who did the work for
the Brooklyn bridge was not the wife of
the engineer who weut blind, and whether,
if that were true, it should not redound to
the mati'i! glory.
There was a smile on the face of the
wretched man as he asked the que-tion.
Hia manner was respect:ul and deferen
tial, 'is it should be, but his presumption
in daring to ask the question of a Woman's
Congress was met with a thousand
pouud horsepower Icy glare from the of
ficer? on the stage which put him on cold
storage. Nobody noticed the miserable
wretch and he was left to take what con
solation he could out of a few gipglesfrom
n knot of good-looking young women who
bad never attended a Woman's Congress
before.
Professor Henry T. Ardley of Berkeley
wa- the next speaker, ill's subject was
"Art in Industry," and bis remarks were
illustrated with a big portfolio of draw
ings, colored and in b.ack and white.
The professor's lecture was really three
lectures condensed into one, and the hour
and a haf allotted to him was really too
short for the scope of tbe subject.
He spoke of decorative art and illus
trated the manner in which natural ob
jects, particularly flowers and foliage,
were conventionalized so as to conform to
the laws of dual symmetry, and to tit the
panel, the vase or the fame which they
were designed to fill. His hearers were
surprised to learn la.it $7,000,000 was sent
out of this country last year for designs
made in Europe for decorative purposes.
This money should have been earned by
American men and women. England,
France and Germany were filling our
stores with drapery, china and jewelry
that should be made at home.
The Br*t atep toward a knowledge of de
signing is iree-hand drawing, and it
should be taught in all our schools. One
dues not have to be borne an artist in or
der to learn to draw, nor must one be
born a ooet to learr. to write. After free
hand drawing come designing and historic
ornamentation.
Geometry, nature and history are the
subjects of designs. Designs are often the
outgrowth of accident, and contrast, repe
tition and symmetry were the essentials.
In iron pyrites, crystallized quartz and
snowtlakes could be tound every geomet
rical design t-ver made or that ever would
be made by the hand of man.
Stress was laid upon the value of tan
gential curves. The Egyptians 3000 years
ago understood this principle, and as
proof of thia statement the lecturer ex
nibited the picture of a conventional
papyrus plant carved at that time.
Copies of designs on Greek vase*, mosa
ics from Pompeii, designs from the Al
bambra and examples of the Rococo style
which marked the decadence of the Re
naissance, and wnicn would give the
spectator the delirium tremens to look
upon, were exhibited.
At the close of the evening session the
chairwoman announced that Dr. Beecher
would read a paper this morning.
HARDINGER'S LUCK.
He Gets Rich Placer Sllnos in the Can
lia.vu Sand in District in
Chile.
P. de Miranda, one of the owners of the
steamer Madeleine, now in nort, and own
ing interests in larue oil wells in Peru,
who is nt the Palace, kas received a letter
from a personal friend in Chile, which
s>ays that Mr. Hardinger, long interested in
oil wells at Los Angeles an d elsewhere,
has made a big gold discovery in Chile.
"It is at Cuzco, in the Carabaya S.india
placer district in the department of Puno,
in the interior, or rather away from tha
coast," soid Mr. de Miranda. "His mines
are placer, too, and are said by my cor
respondent to be phenomenally rich.
Mr. Hardinger is well known, not only in
Mm .Krancisco, but in other parts of Cali
fornia. Ue operutod in oil for a long time
at Los Angeles.
"Thousands of men have for some time
past been leaving lquique to go to these
goldmines. lquique is very duli. Noth
ing almo»t i« being done in the nitrate
business. There were from 40,000 to 45,000
workmen having their headquarters in
lquique and about there, anu many of
these neve left Jor the gold mines. Thou
sands are leaving now. There is a big
excitement tijere.
"Some half dozen big English syndicates
are operating in the Carabaya Sandia dis
trict. There appears to be lots of gold
there."
Mr. de Miranda's steamers operate on
the west coast and carry oil from his
we!l°, which are at Grau, in the province
of Tumbez, Peru.
- . . ;. • — •» — • , ,
TO CURE A t.OLU IXiONE DAY.
Take laxutiveßromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists luiuuu tae money v iiiaXla to cuio, £&.
'. • - ;■' ' - ? '*-,/ - - ■ ■ ■
NEW TO-D&J
AN OPEN LETTER
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD CASTORI A," AND
" PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK. .
I, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of" PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now ~^9 fr .. —on every
bear the facsimile signature of (jia&§fi<ctfc& / X wrapper.
This is the original PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought -^ „. —on thy
and has the signature of ££tS c^)f7<cc&&M wrap-
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company cf which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President.
March 8, 1897. • &d<~~/, &/*4Lj*-r^,j>.
Do Not Be Deceived. !
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind Yon Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Ton.
TM« etNTAUW CODPtnii TT «uimt tl«IIT. MCW YOU* CIT»-
SHE WEDS AN ATTORNEY
Nuptials of Miss Lauretta Cook
and J C. Apple
white.
Miss Ade'.e Ro taiz Will Marry Pre
fessor J J B. Argenti on
Tn sday
The wedding of Miss E. Lauretta Cook and
! J. C. Applewhite, the young attorney, was
I quietly celebrated on Friday evening, April
!''23, at the home of the bride's mother, li'Jti
Turk street.
Miss Zeala Cook, the little sister of the
bride, was maid of honor, and Miss Lillian
Wilson officiated as bridesmaid.
Mr. and Mrs. Applewhite have gone to Del
Monte ior a briilsl tour and on their return
will occupy their new home at 92G Fillmore
street. In June Mr. and Mrs. Applewhite will
go South for a two moutns' visit.
Miss Adele Rottanzi, sister of Dr. T. A. Rot
tanzi and Piofessor J. J. B. Argenti. will be
married on Tuesday next, Apiil 27. The wed
ding will be extremely quiet and only rela
tives and intimate friends will be present.
A very pleasant birthday party was given to
Master Willie Sullivan by his parents at their
home, 1412 Sacramento street, on Saturday
afternoon. Among the invited guests were:
Miss Alice I'olan, beveriy LeUher, Miss Ethel
i arr, Miss Irene TheUdy, Miss May tnlhvan,
Miss Lillian Lacombe, Miss Francs Stevvnrt.
Mit-s Sadie Dhvib, Miss Grace Lacombe, Miss
Sallie Fox, Miss Cora Davis, Frank McMaun,
Miis Georgie McDoualu, MUs Josie McMann,
Miss Mmguerlib Theddy and Harry Sullivan.
Last Weauesday eveniut the Hesperian
Whist Club met at the residence ot Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Lowery, 1751 Howard street, to con
test for two prizes. The lady's prize was won
by Miss Kitty Morrison and the gentleman's
prize by F. A. Hooper.
At the close of the contest a bountiful colla
tion was served.
Among those present were: Miss Kitty Mor
rison. Miss Belle Morrison, Mrs. L. J. Moore-
Mn. M. Hooper, Mrs. F. 1). Hooper, Mrs. M,
Overeiid, Mrs. Ida Cleveland, Mrs. J. S. Dal.
lam, Mrs. J. A. Lowery. Miss Susie Hooper, >"-
A. Hooper, Wesley Davis, Ansoii Ri»ed, W. 0..
WarnockSr., Paul J. Moore and J. A. Lowery.
Tne nexi meeting of this cluD wi.l be he. a
May 5 nt the residence oi Mr. ana Mrs. F. D.
Hooper, 278 San Carlos avenue.
The encasement is announced of Miss Helen
E. Wright to Charles L. Davis of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union. Miss Wright is the uiece
of Mrs. H. Paxion and sister of Mrs. Hallock
Wright. Charles Davis ii the son of WhlUm
H.Davis. He is a Native Sou and a member
oi toe Bohemian Ciub. The veil ling oi the
young couple will be ce.ebrated in June.
Afterward Mr. and Mrs. Dtvih will reside, ior
me remainder oi the summer at least, in bel
vedere.
MibS Marie s Wood gave a musicale at her
residence, 70t> Hayes street, on Friday even
ing. Vhe following programme was pre
sented:
sonata, op. 2, No. 3 (Beethoven), allegro con
brio, adagio, scht-rzo. Ailsa Marie 8. Wood; (a)
iuazur-a (Chopin), (6) "Spinning .-on*" (Mendels
sohn), Master Carlyle \\ c.is: (a) ■■Spanish danc*
(.Uosztowski), (bi '-Va.se JLeutr" (.-chuu)i Miss
Clare Fuller, souk, Will U. Wood; (a) "Berceuse"'
(Iljinslcy), (t>) -uondoia" (Muodelsiohu)- ie)
•-.ScreiiHde V. lse" (tiodard), Miss Mabel Marke
wuz; (a) 'Last Hope" (liotischuik), (6) "Ronde
Brilllaaie" (Weber), Mis* Virginia >r»ry; song.
•'Where'er You Walk" (Jilndel). Mr. Fouden;
(a) I'relude, U flat major (Chopin), (6) rondo'
"Sonata l'atlietlque" (Beethoveii), Miss Helen
Desmond: song, \\ ill G. Woo.i; (a) '-Hark, Harit,
the . art" (Schubert), (6) "Wanini" (Schumaan)
(c) "Khapsody" (l.iszt Miss Marie a. Wood.
Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Spllvalo eutertained on
Easter Sunday some friends at dinner. Ferns
and calla lilies made a pretty table decora
tion. Among iho*e present were Mr. aud Mrs
Spliva'.o. Mrs. Tuaffe, Miss Anna Ktane, Miss
Pauline Drey Miss Gertie Van Dynr, Mihs
Kate i-pHyalo. iliss Roselyn Splivalo, Miss
Estellc Milivalo, Dr. C. Barsoiti, Dr. F. Wii
bum Dudley, P. Remiilard. Dr. v. Caglieri
liurbßjiK Sommers, R. Btrwin, P. Sanchez'
W. Griffin, A. D. splivalo Jr. and E. R. Soli'
valo. .
Tue initial entertainment and social of the
Rauiona Social and Literary Society will be
held at National Guard Hall, 815 Ellis street!
Friday evening. April 30, ou which occasion
the following programme will be presented:
Overture, Gnwnan's Orchestru; opening ad
dress. Miss Margaret Flisgerakl, preside.it vocal
sulo, selected. Miss Maud Fa.- (by courtesy of
Mme. Yon Meyerinck);>recltatlon. select Mis,
Anna -Daly: fancy dance, Mis, Allila >oia"
vocal sooselectei. D. at. Jones; Hungarian b«l
--let. Miss Shean's Dancing Class; Mills Quarte"-
MUses A. Taggad. Al. Phillips, M. Fay aud A
Brooks: farce. ■■Mr. X.- Cast of characters: XV.
Anthony H.-..n, Th-iniHs J. Woods; Mr. Xarxes
Xavler, insurance a«ent. Samuel J* Walit-r- .\.r
OSnU x? T^ Ck> lele r »P«> operator, Korman Merrill;
Miss M. Henn. Anthony's sister, Mi,s M. iJurn«-
Miss J.-ssie n.nn, A thon>>ll dauehter. Miss M.
>i>zgerald: Mol.y. t ne maid wllb ueacherou..
memory, Miss .tt. U. X ig*n.
bJJ?*; f. 01lO T WIn 5 *f® registered at Skajrgs
Spring: nJ. w. Shannon. Frea C. Peters,
Tnomas Crowley, Mrs. J. R. Looslev, Mrs. m!
Hise, s»Hn Francisco; Miss Adelaide" Han«com.
Vt Hvi?. rilut ' Miss ■*' lL - «rant, JBerkelev;
A. L. White. Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. J. E.
Byrne, Ban Auselmo; T. J. Hammer. Los An-
Keies; William Longmore, A. L. Fisher, A. B.
Leminon Jr., J. R. Berry, Santa Rosa; T. C.
Merchant, Healdiburg.
Hon. and Mrs. P.iris Kilburn have returned
rroni Pacific Grove to their residence, 1201
Taylor st. * . .......
Miss Elsie Chestnut of Pacific Grove is the
gU I °' Mrs I>aris Kilburu, 1201 Tayior street.
The Alcott Club k»ivo a vyry enjoyable party
to a number of frlonUs at the Beresford Hotel
last Friday evening. The guehts and club
members indulged in dancing and gamei un
til 11 o clock, when h mostdeiightful collation
was served in Mrs. Venchiaru apartmenu.
Mua LUilan £. GrodziasJty oJ this cuy, wlio
h»s been making a tour of the Eastern States
and portions of Canada nuruig the past eight
months, is expected home on Tuesday, the
27t)i inst
Professor J. Clyde Gibson, who has b^en vis
iting his sister, Mrs. >;ary E. Hart of this City,
has recently departed ior Hawaii to engage in
coffee culture.
Mrs. M. D. Solomon and M:ss Solomon have
returned from ttoeix Eastern tour, and are
domiciled at 2013 Bush street.
The engagement is itnnounced of Daniel
Lewis to Miss Flora Bernstein, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. David Bernstein.
Joseph Rudee has gone to Ukiah to spend
hi< vncation.
Dr. and Mrs. F. P. Matin have gone to Pacific
Congress Springs for a month or six weeks to
recuperate.
Miss Georgia Cayvan was the guest of honor
at a dinner ciyen by Mrs. Join. F. Merrill at
her home on Wuahiiurtoa street and Van Ne3S
avenue la>t Wednesday evening. Covers were
laid for ten. The tabie was handsomely dec
orated for the occasion and the guests formed
a most congenial company.
A GINGERBKEAD FETE.
Unique Aff.iir to Be Held for the
Benefit of th.» r Clilldroor* „*, :rr ... ,
Hospital.
On Tuesday, May 11, a gingerbread fete,
after the styie of the Paristen fetes, wtil
begin at the residence of Mrs. Clarice
Crocker, corner of Suttor and Octavia
streets. It will be for the benefit of the -
Children's Hospital and Training School
for Nurses, and will continue for five days
and evenings. .
The entertainment will be carried out
on a new and fanciful scale, and promises
to be a very unique affair. The spacious
houses and grounds have been placed at
I the disposal of the lady managers of that
institution, and will be utilized quite as
much as the mansion in pioviding a treat
tor visitors. ■
• — ♦ — •
>ar ruing by Electricity.
Great strides are being made in Ger
many in the way of applying machinery
to many lines of industry.
But perhaps most remarkable of all is
j the application of dynamos to agriculture
; supplying the three elements of heat'
light and productive energy, as well as
labor. :-.*:/.■,
On one of the new electric farms a tur-»
bine drives a dynamo which lights the
barns, yards and dwellings, and furnishes
a current of low tension to work pumps
run straw-cutter, lathe, grindstone, large
handsaw and thrashing-machine. One
machinist attends to the entire plant
which experience proves hns reduced the 1
expenses of the farm in considerable de
gree. ;.•;;.:
This new method of farming has already
displaced labor to an extent that is mak
ine farm laborers very anxious. Not only
<loe? the "electric farmer" coinnete dis
astrous y with the old-tinier, but the elec
tricity so stimulates the growth of his
crops by night that he reaps a double ad
vantage. -; - j
Wuen one reflects to what a vast extent
Germany is agricultural the introduction
of an invention that is to make thousands •
of farm laborers unnecessary seems fraught
with serious consequence*.— Boston Globe.
• -• — » •
Paper floors are in use in Einsiedeln
Germany. It is laid in a pnstv mas-|
smoothed, and then pressed. Foot«tepg '
on it are noiseless. •
) J > » • • __*"; f : -» ;.*.-
Seven miles an hour is the camel's limit
nor can it maintain this rate over two
hours. Its usual speed is five miles an '
hour.
wew ro-OAr: •
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATIES!
FOX lYE.lk.\i:ss OF ME!
WHICH CtTRKO HIM AFTER EVERY.
THING ELSE FAILUU.
Painful diseases are bad enough, bat when k
i man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain Thera-
is no let up to the mental suffering" day or
! night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
I Bl ch a trai 1 me i? are SCttrc ely responsible for
what they do. F °K, ars the writer rolled and
, toseed on the troubled s«a of sexual weakness
(until it was a question whether he had not
m fiV«l hi * S ° 0 8011 and thus end all
his throubles. « Bu l providential inspiration
came to his aid la the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restore*
the KeneraUhealth, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, an<i
i J"h. n t OW t^ clares th »t any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address- may
I have the method of this wonderful treatment"
1 ilff:, , ow ' '' en l 80 >' free I mean absolutely
i ™.«? U ?•; b cnU!!e 1 want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience. .
I •** n }. notaphHttuiuropiM. nor do I poseaa
I an enthusiast, butihere are thousands of men
1 bu Bering the mental tortures of weakened
manhooa who would be cured at once could
: they but get such a remed3r as the one that
; cured me. Do not try to study out how I cnn
i f On V?K Pa l he few postage-stamps necessary
| to mail the information, but -send for it ami
i ar » n \ hat tllere are a few things on ear h
that, although they cost nothing to Vet ar
1 worth a fonuut> to somt en and mean a life-
; time of napptnesi to most oi ua. Write t«
Thomas Slater, box 2233. Kaiamwoo llfchFAVORITES IN WINNING FORM
Four Choices Over the
Line First at Ingle
side.
Caesarian Da'eated a Trio oi
Speedy Oaes in Fast
Time.
Mis> R m en Finally Scored Brackets-
Imp Trance, With Bergen Up,
Bat St. Aignoa a Nose.
The weather was cold and the sport
dull and uninteresting at Inpleside yester
day. The attendance was fair, and as
four favorites led their company past the
wire, the books, with few exceptions, quit
behind on the day's speculating.
The best race of the afternoon from a
time standpoint was the six-furlong
sprint, with Zamar 11, Cresarian, Tor
sina and Vinctor as starters. Caesarian
was a 7 to 10 favorite, and, passing Zamar
af ;er a quarter had been covered, led that
sprinter out a neck in 1:135£. Torsina
w.is a poor third.
Miss Remsen caDtured the opening four
and a iialf furlong scramble for two-year
olds, going to the post at odds of 6 to 1.
H. Brown sent her out in front, and at the
end sne won, hard ridden, a neck in front
of the 5 to 2 favorite, Front de BoGuf,
whicn was shut off on one or two occa
sions and should have won.
Pat Dunne's gelding Tulare scored an- ]
other win in the niiie Felling run. With
Willie Martin up he was heavily played i
at odrt« o! 4to 5. and won rather easily j
irom Nebuia. heating the Brutus filly a
neck in L:42J£. Inflammator, at 15 to 1, :
was a good thud.
The third event on the card, at seven
furiongs, decided underselling conditions,
was easy for the 4 to f> choice Montallade,
carrying B. C. Holiy's colors. Slaughter, !
who had the mount, allowed Blue Bell
and Kicardo to make the running into the
sireien, where the favorite assumed the
lead and won, easing up, with Blue Bell
taking the place, two lengths bsfore Trap
pean.
Refugee looked to have struck a soft
soot in the eeven furlong selling event
next decided, but Kowalsky after trailing
h:ni for nearly half the distance shot to
the front an 1 in a hard drive defeated the
on choice a head in 1:23)^. The
winner, ridden by Stevens, was klO to 1
tbance in the betting.
The Jinal race on tha card, over one
rj:iie and a furlong, resulted in a very
c ose finish between the 6 to 5 choice imp.
Trance and the 10 to 1 shot St. Aignon.
The latter horse cut out the pace and was
only beaten through Marty Bergen on
:!:e favorite outfinishine H. Brown, who
i iloted the outsider. Peter the Second
linished in the show.
NOTES.
Saai Hildreth was not very much pleased I
at Piggott's handling of Refugee. Other j
people have been afflicted the same way
at the performances of horses trained by
Hildreth when their runs called for no
complaint from the owner.
Ey Holly thought the one his horse
Montallade bad to beat was Trappean.
The latter has been working well of late, i
but hardly ran up io early morning form. '
Little Stevens rode an excellent race i
asiride Kowalsky as far as good judgment I
was concerned. He has still considerable
to learn, but is young yet.
It was reported that Earl Cochran had
been sent over the wires to Eastern play
ers. Many here wished after the last race
the horse liad been sen; along also with
Hie message.
On Saturday next there will be a special
purse of $750 hune up lor a mile race and
t:.e owners of the following iiorses have
consented to send them to the post: !
Buckwa 125, Ruinart 122, Altainax 107, j
1 he Roman 104. J
Steeplechase Jockey Martinus, who was )
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingletide Racetrack. Tuesday. April 37. Eighty
third day of tbe Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather cloudy. Track fast.
r.<;y Fil:Sf RACK— Nine-sixteemhs of m mile; two-year-olds; parse $350.
Index, i Horse, w^leht.
912 MUs Rernsen 105
887 Front de 80euf...113
897 Hermoso.. ..118
.< 5 . Aluminum 110
(P26i!EMmore. ..: 118
r-97 iMelvlnßurnham.lla
912 jKlushington 108
ToWHuda 105
915 iTwlDkler. 110
OU (Satlcoy .....304
646 I. a U-n;a 105
Xl 9 JBenici^ 104
■ 9J9 jPongo .106
! n '
I::::::::::::::::
10
la
, 13
Bt.
!
:
I
'A Btr.
1 3~j 12
41 4 1
22 a «
3 1 ! 33
5 Ms 84
' 7Vj 7V B
6 1 I 6 1
8 V* 6 1
■12 3 9 1
!< JA II) 1
10 1 • li
13 13
11 i* in
ink
I 2 3 I
j av 2
4 3
I Ah !
6 3
1 V*
«Vs
9 10
IU3
11
i 12
13
H. Brown
: Bozeman
Jones .
Slaughter
Hennes^y
,W. Martin
PigKOtt
Reidy., .:.......;
shaw ...
Ruiz
snider. I
berry |
O. Wilson ;. I
Betting.
Op. CL
6
. 3
6
8
3
6
8
25
10
300
3u
100
100
5
6-2
8
90
'l 5
7
ro
20
500
100
600
.'.0.1
fair staru Won drirlng. Winner, K. Hughes' b. f., by OwasTosey. Time, -.56.
(19Q SECOND
thrae-year-olds: purse $400.
Index.! Horse, trelcbt. ' St. ______ V» _4 ' Ktr. n D . j Jockey. Op?" ln ci.
(895) Tulare 108 6-41% 3% 2 % 2h; I X h W. Marlin" T 7TTO
.907 J.\>hQla IOMi 41 IV? 12 12 1 1/3 21 Isom.. 2 4
: 544 Inflaramator 107 Bj 5^ 4Vi 4 3 44 34 Piscgott . 8 "II
. »19 ,'Ueorce Palmer. ..104 1 6 66 6 6 »10 | &10 | 410 Slaughter..!." H "fl
(So6)i<"liar.emagne 104 1! 2 2 ill 32 . 31 I 515 Bergen.. . 10 40
. 890 Peisonne 107; 7 7 7 7 64 , 610 Kozeman " 10 _»
- ■ P2O ! Billy Vice 109 3 I 8 1 6 1 17 | 7 Macklln ;;:.."!' 30 60
.', Good start. Won driving. Winner, P. Dunne's b. g. , by I'rejno-Sistpr to Jim .Douglass. Tim»
l:*2»i- HKHI • ■ • ■ .:■.„•.;; "'
Index.!:
Horse, trefcht.
Bettlnc.
Op. a.
1
3
8
g
1(1
10
30
7-10
4
20
8
40
20
60
fiQQ THIRD RACE— Heven-elghtbs of a mile; selling; purse $350.
i ;
■ fox. Horsp. ag». weight. I St.
910 Monmllode, 4 101 91
Bine Bell, f 10^ 6
833 Trappt-an. 4 106; 8
SOI Tenacity. 4 It 4'
918 Kicardo. 6 10« i 4
91(1 L» Fiecha, 4 99 7
Joe K. «....- It 4; B
! St.
1/4 Vi % ! Str " I Fin. j Jockeys.
|2%1 3 h 31 I 3 2.13 : Slaughter.:
! 11% l.Vs *8 ! lh 2 li/_;j«.nes -
3b 141 510 610 3 h snider . .
| 54 j 63 4h 4h 4V Piirgott .'.....";".
14 2 2 1 Hi 2V 8 510 Bbepard '
[ 6V4 6t07 7 fiB !Mc lchVls .
! 7 7 ti Jjt, 610 ; 7 Keldy..:.
Bettlug.
Op. GL
6-5
6
7-2
4
10
&0
&0
4-5
m
3
12
12
100
100
Good start.
Won easily.
Winner, B. C. Holly's b. g., oy Montana- Fusllade's Last. Time. 1 :29i a
non JFOL'KTH RACE-Three-quarters of
; purse $500.
RdCZ.
r.eex. Horse, agp, weight, j St. Vj % *A
303 Vspsarlan. fi....... 117 "s" ........ 2 1 lh
881 Zainar I. 3 100 1 12 2h
(913) lorsina. 4 109 2 8 6 315
114) Vinctor, 5 117) 4 4 4
1 2
I 4
2 i
4
1 Ms ' W.Martin......
•^« !Bl«.ugtKer
3 3 Freeman.
4 Shaw :.....
Beitine.
Op. PI
4-5
5-2
6
15
7-10
5-2
6
■iO
Good s art. Won handily. Winner, W. B. Sink j>.'s b. b.. by Faustm-Cloopatra. Time, 1 :13« /4 .
93t >rFTH
'""■ex.
/Torse, age, weltht.
Vi -
St.
Bet'Aat.
op ci.
QO4 Kowalsky. 4....-..1
(911} Refugee. *' 1
917 Daylight, 4 -.1
- iS Meadow LarK, 5.. i
•hi Collins. & 1
682 Ransom, 5 1
f<o6 Miss i ulh.s 1 1
fcSB' B«be Murphy, 6.. 1
4
2
.3
| 6
,7
"6
I 1
8
2 h
1 h
iV A
6 Ms
I 4
lb 12
22 2 »
42 4 4
ft 4 » 6
7 2. 72
33 3 2
8 8
61* I 62
12
2 6
34
55
61
43
.8- . -
-7%
1 h Stevens
2 3 rig«ou
3 3 siaugntor. ......
4 h Shaw
6 1 Snider.
U 10, Ciawson. .....
7 Vi jlsom ..-...-.
8 « IBozeman. ......
7
1-5
8
15
15
12
16
8
8
710
6
30
40
25
30
7
'OOd start. ' WOn driving. Winner, W. McX^more'a b. c, by Isaac 31 urphy-Derocbment. Time,
1:28V4. :-■■ '• -. ' - .' ' '■ ■ - ■- ''-■ - ....
(100 BIA.TH KACK— One »nd an eighth mUe«: porse f 350.
!n(l»x.
1-x. Horse, age. weiitbu. j St. Btd. jf4 V% 'A j Sir.
»v i^TT^cTT.~ToS: "T fT" 3v, I*■ 2 % 1 h
S9B Alsnon, 4 1031 331 Ml *] Ms ] t Ms jl IMl'_ *
tU7 i-eterll.s 310 *?!•??, ,42 \* A ,4 3
9U EarlCocbran. 4..10S 6H^ilV a *} i*. ■ Si
911 U-onvillP. 0 107 2 8 « [* 6 2 63
905. Marcel. 6 105 8 71 17 Mi 8 8 8
762 Japonlea, 4.. 104 6 4h 4h 52 5 h 64
917 t Wawooa 6 107 7 5 h • Bl* « V 4 74 ' 71
! Str.
1 ■
3 4
3 h
43
5 4
0 2
72
ny rK»"n
H. Brown .
5haw.......:
Jockey.
Bettlos.
Op. Ci.
8-5
in
8
10
20
12
20
8
ti-5
8
-6
20
60
. 15
60
7-2
Bozeman
flaw>on
Slaughter
PigpolL
•A. Mar. in
Ooodstvti wondrJvlnt Wlnow, P»« H«_J'J«jr'» b. m., by Pomnur-Delris. Time, 1:55%.
suspended on December 2 last for the al- •
leged pulline of the borse Governor iiudii, |
a3O to 1 shot in the betting, was yester
doy reiiisttited by the stewards at Ingle
side. There is not the slightest doubt but
that the suspension of Martinus was an
unjust one, and the cleverest rider in this
part of the country bas been compelled to j
stay on the ground all this time. It is
claimed that Mnrtinus is an honest rider
and that this fact did not suit well a
"push" which has virtually controlled
and directed, both in weights and condi
tions, the jumpine-horse game at Ingle
side. In substantiation of this statement
comparison is called to the races of the
horse Governor Budd both belore and
since the rider's suspension.
Following are to-day's entries:
First rap, half mile, two-rear-olds, selling.
800 Mirth I<)4 472 Geo. Lee 107
909 Tom .-ppiu'Pr..lo7 912 Miss Dividend. lU4
91s Ca^s&cdra 1....104- 9V6 Los Prl-tos 104
' 9.'6 Mva 107 i-OT St. Philip. 112
B*2 San UuraoEO...lo4 915 Salabar lt>7
*»•■* ima 104 i 9U3 Zapata 107
*91 LitileTU 104 928 Malka 104
; 870 B. Schreiber...lO9 8-' a Ola Jact 104
I (903) The Cheat 113|
fcecoud race, three-fourths cf a ralte, selling.
I 893 <>ur Climate. .. 10t> 922 Doubtful 106
I 9'JJ Jack Hicuelieu.lTJ 9'-"J Jack Martin. ..lo«
9 as l>«.yie lt)9| 9JI Miss Kuth 107
1 923 »ea Sjiray 109)
I Third race, two miles.
j (917)Tfae r.achelor.,lols 88 t Schiller 114
, (f*79)t>uler Joe 109 SM'J Wawoua 11*
j 91» Eernaruillo b6| 815 Damleu '..114
Fourth race, two miles. California Stakes, hurdle
; handicap, value 91500.
! (880)Habv Bill 168 900 Huntsman. 138
918 Arundel 140 918 Gov. BuiJd 18!)
I (918) JOG 152
Plfth race, sellinc, three-quarters of a mile.
: (9'2l') Perhaps. 10ti| £6') Yemen 109
' (910)Ameli»Konso..lO4i 9-!."> Midas IM
' 9*6 Howard 109!(b86) I in: Murphy. . . iO9
j 923 i n . Colorado.. ll'O i bbil Mainstay 11-'
913 Keridinptou 106j 917 Ked Glenn H>9
916 > eorge Miller.. llf>|(aib)rat ilurphy ... 109
825 Palujcrstou . lU9|
Sixth race, three-year-olds, one mile.
! 896 010.0 105 890 Good Times — 117
! 611 Nuiicomar ...ILL' 908 Adam Andrew. llo
! 921 Fashion Plate. 100 9utf Scorcher 102
■ 832 Col. Wheeler... 117 1 920 Claudlaua. 100
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
Flrit race - The Cheat, Little T G,
; Zapata.
Srcoud race — Hits Ruth, Doubtful,
Jack Martin.
ibird race— Ostler Joe, Damien, The
Bachelor.
Fourth race— Baby Bill, J O C, Arun
del.
Fifth race — Yemen, George Miller, Pat
Murphy.
Sixth race— Good Time*. Col. Wheeler,
Celoso. _____^_^^____
TURNED ON THE GAS.
A Thief Robbed LouUa Warren and
Alniont Caused Her to Be
Asphyxiated.
Louisa Warren claims to have been
robbed of $900 worth of diamond rings
and other jewels while she was asleep. In
consequence she has caused the arrest of
Nellie Martell on a charge of grand
larceny.
It appears from the complainants' state
ment that both women met casuall on
! Monday and after drinsiug many times
I Louisa Warren felt com pelled to lie down
in her room for a few brief moments.
She says that the Martell woman took
, advantage of her condition to despoil her
! of her valuables.
The case came up before Police Judge
i Campbell yesterday morning and Trent
! over until next Friday. •
The detectives are investigating the
case, as a charge of attempt to murder is
under consideration.
When the Warren woman was found in
her room, despoiled of her valuables, lour
gasjets were fully turned on and the room
j was so fully charged with gas it is a won
der she was able to crawl to the push
button and get assistance.
The polite believe that the thief,
whether the prisoner in charge or some
one else, proposed to murder the woman
j a3 well as to rob her of her diamonds.
Suits for Divorce.
Divorce luits were filed in the office of the
County Clerk yesterday as follows:
Kleanor S. Faulkner against Charles D.
Fanikner, for intemperance.
John P. Elliott against Lizzie Elliott, for in
temperance.
Ton;; Yut Ben against Chen Tung Yen, for
desertion.
Josephine Cu6hing acainst Benjamin H.
Cushing, for failure to provide.
Again "With "lhe Cal!.'»
G. Wentzel, formerly *.n the employ of The
Call, but latterly connected with the Even
ing Bulletin as advertising solicitor, is
again associated witb The Call in its adver
tising department. Mr. Weutzel is well ana
favorably- known in business circles in Kan
Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, DAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
THE FOUNDATION
Professor Soule's Report
on the Aifiliated
Colleges.
University Regents Talk of
New Buildings and In
surance.
McKilliken Retains.! as Inspector.
Ju!ge Foote Hits Free Trade
a Heavy Whack.
The foundation of the Affiliated Col
leees is all right.
That is the opinion of Professor Frank
SoiUe of tne University of California, and
his report was Lauded in at the meeting
of the university regents held yesteraay
afternoon at the llopkins Institute of Art.
He was appointed to do this at the last
meeting, and his favorable report lifted a
great weight off the minds of the regents.
Processor Soule stated that iv accord
ance with instructions ne had carefully
examined the foundation — the concrete
part especially — on April 16, and on April
21 he had hired iwo stonemasons and
sounded the walls for weak spots in
twenty different places. As a result they
were found substantial and solid in all
parts. Though large holes had been chis
eled in them they were found to be in a
solid state, notwithstanding that they are
so new.
The concrete beneath the walls, reached
by excavation in ten different places, was
found to be well mixed and there were no
voids. The stone, gravel and cement were
good. It id not yet perfectly hard, but
will become so in time.
The profes-or was not quite satisfied
with the sand that had been used. He be
lieved it contained too mucti earth and
thi3 might have a tendency to retain
dampness. In spite of this fact, however,
he believes the foundation sa:e and able
to stand a vastly greaser amount of pres
sure taan wouJd ever be required of it.
Regent Houghton stated his gratification
that the foundation had been found essen
tially good. Ue Mad been on the site and
examined it himself several times and was
entirely satisfied that no fault could be
found.
Then the question arose of selecting Su
perintendent Robert McKilliken as the
official inspector of buildings oi the uni
versity. Governor Budcl did not believe
the fund would permit it, but believed
that he might receive, his money out of
the university fund. After some discus
sion Regent Foote c.ive it as his opinion
that the board had authority to do thi-, if
it saw nr, and by unanimous vote McKil
liken was selected as such superintendent
and inspector, witn salary fixed at $159 a
month, payment to date ironi the time of
his service.
The question which caused the most
j heated consideration of the session was a
I proposition re,ad by President Kellogg,
• which emanated from Professors String
ham and Rising of the University. Their
suggestion was that a communication be
sent Senators vVhite and Perkins, re
{ questinc them to use their influence
j against any tariff being placed on books
I and apparatus imported lor scientific pur
! poses.
Regent Foote was on his feet in an mi
i stant. He did not believe in free trade in
\ any particular and would vote against
j such a proposition on general principles,
j Governor Buud voiced his sentiment)
J that the members of the board might use
their influence in this direction as in
' divtduals if not otherwise. Regent Foote
; replied that the Governor's power was
' pretty strons, but he himself was not in
, side the walls of San Quentin yet and
; v.ould express his opinion the same now
■ as ever; that it was bad for the Univer
i sity to take any stand that would make it
i appear to tnke tides with any politi
! cal party, and he would "ri,'ht it out on
: that line all summer," if necessary.
Regent Reinstein was of the same
I opinion, inasmuch as he believed it would
I appear as if the university was taking
j sides on a political question. The matter
j was dropped without coming to a vote.
, It was here moved that the board go into
executive session to consider the question
of raising the salaries of professors at the
university, but Jud&e Wallace did not be
! lieve an executive session necessary for
such a purpose. He thought there was no
necessity of hurrying in such a matter as
that anyway. Regent Rodgers thought
i otherwise, and wanted the question dis
-1 posed of at once.
President Kellogg was asked if any of
; the professors had demanued a raise of
i salary, and replied that they had. He
j iurther volunteered the information that
the raises contemplated meant only $4900
j additional expense. This question, to
i gether with the securing of new instructor*
; in added branches, d'd not reach a definite
', conclusion and will be disposed of later.
A report from the Academic Senate
recommending that a degree of bachelor
of sciences and medical doctor be conferred
on students after completing a three
years' course was referred to the commit-
I teo on internal administration.
A petition from the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons and one lrorn "the
Cooper Medical College, making similar
requests, were referred to the same com
mittee.
The general proposition of insuring
university property, after a lengthy argu
ment, was referred to the committee on
law and legislation. The question of hav
ing an inventory taken of State University
properties was referred to the same body.
When the question of putting up tem
porary buildings to replace the loss of the
agricultural building came up, Regent
Pnicke put himself on record as oppos
ing lite construction of a single hie "lire
box," and wanted several smaller ones
buut instead. Tue contractor was on
band and believea that what was required
could be built for $6000. ihe proper com
mittee was given charge of the matter.
This committee, which also has in charge
the matter of erecting the temporary
buildings rendered necessary by over
crowding, had its limit of expenditure
raised from $33,000 to $40,000.
The sum of $250 was ordered appro
priated for the expense of defraying the
expenses of commencement day .May 12,
the exercises to be held in Berkeley.
Some di<cussion arose over the proposi
tion to build a reservoir at the university
for use m case of tire. It will probably be
sealed at the next meeting.
it was further decided to improve the
ineeting quarters of the board in the Hop
kins Institute of Art building. New mat
ting will be laid, tables and chairs placed
in the committee-room and a stove and
fuel provided.
The board then went into executive ses
sion, <luring which the apportionment of
the 50 per cent additional of the 1 cent
tax levy appropriated at the last session
of the legislature was referred to tbe joint
committee on finance and internal admin
istration.
OFF FOE HAMBURG.
California Will Be Well Represented at
the German Kipoai t inn.
J. A. Filcner, manager of the State Board
of Trade and recently appointed by Gov
ernor Budd as one of the commissioners
to represent the State at the Hamburg
International Exposition in Germany,
will leave tor Hamburg to-day or at
the end of tne week. He sakes the place
of Charles Edelman, resigned. Tbe other
commissioner* are Robert Hecto of New
castle, .PJac r County, and Henry Forte
man of the Alaska Pack ne Company.
Several carloads of California products
of all kinds have beeu forwarded and more
will follow soon.
It is Mr. Filcher's purpose to artistically
install these exhibits and then retcrn, at
Mr. Hecto will relieve him. Mr. Filches
wilt be absent several weeks. A near
pamphlet is being prepared in the Ger
man and English languages, descriptive
of California's industries and the products
of the State. It will contain many recipes
for the preparation of food from t ie fruits.
The last Legislature appropriated $tiooo
and the counties are adding to that
amount in order that the Stale shall be
properly m resented. The transportation
of the goods is free.
TIRE IN A LUMBEfi-YABD.
The Department Called Out Twice to
Extinguish Burning Timber,
A second-hand lumber-yard at 1166
Mission street, owned by J. O'Connor,
gave the fire department considerable
trouble last evening. At 5:30 o'clock
flames broke out in one of the piles of
lumbar and an alarm was sounded
through box 183. After half an hour's
labor the flames were extinguished and
tne engines returned to tbeir houses.
At 8 o'clock in the evenim; the lumber
was again found to ba in flames and an
other alarm was sounded. This time the
lumber was thoroughly drenched and
every lurking spark extinguished.
The cause of the first tire is enknown.
It is presumed that the socond was
caused by a bit of wood left smoldering
from the first tiro. The loss will not ex
ceed $150.
GANS AND LEONARD MEET
The Fighters Foregather at the
Olympic Club and Sign
Articles.
Parson Davies Left for the East L st
Evening With Barry and
Armstrong.
Quite a lar;;e gathering of pugilists and
the admirers of lighting men met on
Monday afternoon in the Olympic Club to
converse on matters pugilistic.
Among the distinguished ring genera's
were Joe Gans, the colorrfd champion
lightweight of Baltimore, and his
manager, All King; Mike Leonard, the
swell-dressed pugilist of New York, who
13 to meet Gans in a passage-at-arms on
the evening of May 18 at Mechanics' Pa
vilion; Jimmy Barry, the cbampion ban
tam-weight pugilist of America; Lon Ag
new, the clever exponent of the game of
hit and miss; George Green, the local
welter-weight, and the crack amateur
sprinters, F. Foster and H. M. Collins.
Superintendent Billy Kennedy was to
have put in on appearance at 2 o'clock,
according to an agreement ho had entered
into with Alf King, but it was past -1 p. m.
wheu Kenuedy and his quasi amiie ar
rived.
"You will excuse me, gentlemen, " said
Kennedy, addressing the pugilistic in
vaders who were awaiting his coming, "I
have just arrived from the Seal Rock
House, where Baker Qas been training :or
the past week. I lound it necessary to
change liis training quarters and climate
as the attractions were too numerous and
too warm for him out by the sea, you
know. He ia now located at Bianken's
six-mi!e-house rendezvous, at which place
h<- will complete his training for his con
test with Jeffries.
"I must keep an eye on those fellows,"
remarked the boxing matcii maker of the
Olympic, "or they will give us a jolly
wliicu we can't stand, you know."
Leonard is a most iasniouably dressed
fellow. He would pans in any company
fbr a bank clerfc or a university stuuent.
He changes dress three times a day and
contends that a pugilist who can earn a.
few thousand a year by the power ot his
lists has just as much right to dress
'swell" and look lovely as a dry-goods
clerk who earns $600 a year.
Leonard and Guns left yesterday for
their respective trailing stations. The
iorraer will "rusticate" at the Seal Hock
House, and the colored champion will
bas-punch under tne watchful eve of his
manager, Al King, at the Terrace baths in
Alameda.
Gans said that he was not bound flown
by a contract to remain under the
instructions of his old manager, Al Her
ford, for any definite time, and that in
future he will be managed by his present
handler A! King, whom he thinks a good
money-maker.
Steve O'Donnell, who is matched to
fight Greggains under the auspicao of the
Olympic Club in June, will arrive next
week. The boxing committee of the club '
is now n^urinj on a bout between McCoy '
and Creedon, but this match will entirely
defend upon the financial success of the
Mmv entertainment.
"Parson" Davies and his stable of
lighters, viz. : Jimmy Barry and Bob Arm
strong, wnl leave for New YorK this even
ing. Mr. Davies is very anxious to be at
tue ringside when Choynski will meet
Denver Ed Smith. Davies has an interest
in Choynski's welfare and for that reason
he will be on hand to instruct his man
when a few words of good advice are
necessary.
According to a di«r-atch from New York
the managers of Peter Maber and Tom
Sharkey met the representatives of one of
>iew York's sporting clubs yesterday and
accapted a proposition for a light between
the principals for a $10,000 purse, to take
place some date to be hereafter arranged
between May -•> aud Jane 10.
Al King says that it would be almost
impossible to get Tommy Ryan, "Spike"
Sullivan and many o;hei riphters of note
to journey to this City. "You see, ail
thoae fellows play favorite to some of the
Eastern clubs, which are run more for
politics than anything eise. Ryan will
not light outside of Syracuse, aud Sulli
van is the pet of a New York club, which
has him under its thumb.
•'By the way, this fellow Sullivan is a
curiosity. He has something like $6000
in bank, and of course is as independent
as tne proverbial hoe on ice. He will not
tight any man unless he is conn lent of
whipping him. He s»lects his own game,
and wheu the whim catches him he will
go forth on the hunt for a good thing.
Finding some fellow, suitable to his
lancy. 'Spike' will immediately open
tire on him in this wise: "Say, I want to
fight you— see; are you ready to siga
articles in so and so's club?'
"If the pug who is challenged on sisht
refuses to accept the offer Sullivan threat
ens to have him roasted in the papers,
and as a rnrting shot he 'yanks' from biß
inside pocket his bankbook, which speaks
for itself. He also carries a checkbook
purposely to "write out a check' in case a
side bet is necessary, and he tears up
dozens of checks daily just for the fun of
the tning. Ha ia the most erratic char
acter I have ever met, and rather than ex
pend 25 cents for a square meal he lives
on the cheapest food obtainable."
MISSION BUEGLAES.
Residence of F. He»» on Twentj-flnt
Street Entered. '
F. Hess, 3225 Twenty- first street, and his
wife left home last nigbi about 7 o'clock.
When they returned about two . Hours
later they found that the bouse had been
entered during their absence and thor
oughly ransacked.
The only thine they found rui«sing was
a plain gold rim;, but it was apparent that
the burglars had been scared away; as
•everai articles iia i been se ected for car
rying away and placed in a heap.
Entrance had been effected by means of
a skeleton key which opened the front
door.
DIDN'T WIT TO
BE VACCINATED
Two Venturesome Runners
Operated On at Angel
Island.
Boarded an English Bark Ee
fore Either of the Quar
antine 0 ficers.
Days Crowley Jr and J.m^s Sennstt
Will Not Forget Their Expe
rience in a Hurry.
Dave Crowley Jr. and James Sennett
will lone remember the arrival of the
British bark Sumbawafrcm Hongkong.
The vessel was from an infected port and
the Custom-house officers would not allow
anybody ashore until the quarantine
officeis had passed upon the crew. Even
Pilot Fred Malliieson bad to remain ou
boar i all night.
After the customs launch had left the
bark Crowley and Sennett launched their
boat and went out to her. They were
soliciting orders for the Go:den Shore
Market and thought to steal a march on
the opposition. They succeeded in get
ting aboard end were busy taking an
order when the customs boat steamed
alongside again. Some one at Meig.s
wharf had told Boarding Officer Sprague
about the trip of the two young men and
he determined to catch them.
Sprague succeeded. Crowley and Ben
nett were seated in the cabin when
Sprague entered and placed them both
under arrest. They were placed on board
the Hartley and tak- n to Angel Island,
where they spent the nigh tin quarantine.
Yesterday they were stripped and bathed,
next they were put in the tank and fumi
gated, and lastly they were vaccinated.
Their clothes were thoroughly fumigated
end then they were sent ashore on the
quarantine boat Siernberg, sadder but
wiser y oung men.
'*I don't care a continental about being
kept in quarantine all Bight, because I got
an order out of Captain Garner," said
Dave Crowley. "Neither did I mind be
ing washed and fumigated, but I made a
most vigorous kick when they started in
to vaccinate me. Why, hang the thing,
1 was vaccinated when I was a youngster,
and why did " they want to do it over
again? Now, in two or three days I'll
have an arm like & boiled lobster, and I
suppose it will be a week before Sennett
and I are able to row a boat again. I sup
pose if the Marathon came in from Hong
kong to-nigut and I went aboard her be
fore the quarantine oiiicer they would
yank me over to Angel Island and vacci
nate me again."
It is safe to say. however, that neither
Sennett nor Crowley will board the Mara
thon until both Dr. Bleu and Dr. Chal
mers have passed her.
The Sunibawa had a fair weather pas
sage up to the 9th inst. On that date sue
ran into very heavy weather. A succes
sion of westerly to southwest gales, with
squalls, were encountered. The thunder
and ligntning were continuous and there
was a very high confused sea. Sails were
blown out of the bo'.t ropes and the sliip
labored heavily. Some of the men were
washed into the scuppers, but were res
cued by their comrades Defore they were
seriously injured. Captain Garner says it
was one of the heaviest gales he has en
countered in many a day.
BUNKEB, HILL DAY.
Preparations in Order for an Elaborate
Celebration.
The Bunker Hill Association met last
evening in the parlors cf the president,
William G. Badger, forth* annual election
of officers aud to appoint committees to
take full charge and arrange for & grand
celebration of the one hundred and
twenty-second anniversary of the battle
of Bunker Hill on June 17.
The following officers were elected:
President, IV'ilHam G. Badger; first vice
president, Hugh W. Clark; second v ce
presidenf, Albert H. Wheaton; secretary,
George W. Casweil; treasurer, W. H.
M'iljl'ier. The president appointed the
lollowins committees: Transportation
and grounds, \V. H. Muh.'ner (chairman),
Henry Euier, It. O. Collier; literary, H. S.
Foote Jr., Thomas P. Andrews, William
Metzr.er; reception and invitation, F.
An the>«, A. Euler, \Y. W. Sanderson;
printing and advertising, George \V. Cas
weU, A. IT. Wheaton, Hush Clark.
The secretary was instructed to write
the r.utborities at Washington. D. C, to
have the usual salutos tired from the forts
and men-of-war in the harbor on the
mornine of the 17th of June, 1897.
A communication was read irom George
H. Adams, president of the Boird of
Trade ol Los Gatos, inviting the Bunker
Hill Association to hold their annua! ex
ercises and celebration at their beautiful
■ . t Pertinent Questions,
\*F Why Will a Woman Throw Away Her Good
yS*~\JsL*$ l — "\ Looks and Comfort?
f~*\\ ' n XVA\ J7^>\ 'S» "Why will a woman drag out a
V &l \ yJ[ /<S^\}lll/ / Z^\ MF^" Bicklv ' half-hearted existence
.\ \ *"■ y^C^..< v>^^^^ 'J- and miss three-quarters of the
\^\^- = _>^X y^r^^^ m ~ <^* ~ joy of living, when she has
/ r - 1 x yjßr.—. <3^ \ *"€j9j^^*"r\ health almost within her grasp ?
vi) m\Y\ /^* >s^/^V^ "©\ If she does not value her good
fjjl ) 1 - w^*^ v N. looks, does she not value her
Jll J \<^j) y-" -comfort?
4/1 111 -v' \\. \ JmBZZ Why^ my sister, will you suf-
(■|A vs^ A/ \\ \ \®/ frr that dull pain in the small of
MB^^ $——{/ \\ \ t \ your back, those bearing-down,
9B B-^^s/ \ \ \\_ *""_ dragging sensations in the loins,
TmGaSSi ' \ \ ls£~^~ that terrible fullness in the lower
'^X^roi \ \ W bowel, caused by constipation pro-
\aSH| ', \ \f - ceeding from the womb lying. over and
TL ■ \ ll pressing on the rectum ?Do you know
C** vL \ 1 that these are signs of displacement, and
\ I that you will never be well while that
% ' • • ' What a woman needs who is thus af-
- -""'^ fected is to strengthen the ligaments so
they will keep her organs in place. There
Is nothing better for this purpose than Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound.' The great volume of testimony which is constantly rolling in, proves
that the Compound is constantly curing thousands of just such cases.
. The following letter from Mrs. Marlow is only one of many thousands which
Mrs. Pinkham has received this year from those she has relieved — such
testimony.is.cbnvincing:. • / ■ ' ■ : -..::s~^
. "My trouble commenced ; after the birth of. my last child. I did not
know what was the matter with me. * My husband went to our family physi-
cian and described my. symptoms, and he said I had displacement and falling
of the. womb. He sent me some medicine, but it did little good. I let it go
on about two years, and every time I did any hard work my womb would
come down. Finally a lady friend advised me to try Lydia E. Pinkham
Vegetable Compound, which I did. The first bottle helped me so much, I con-
tinued to take it right aiong. My back was almost the same as no back. I
could not lift scarcely any weight. My life was just a drag to me. To-day
I am well of my womb trouble, and have a good, strong back, thanks to
Mrs. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." — L. Marlow, Milford, IIL „->■*■
park, and as favorable inducements ana
transportation arrangement were offered
by Colonel VV. H. Menton the association
passed upon the matter immediately and
decided to hold their exorcises and cele
bration this year at Los Gatos.
A communication was also read from F.
Dillingham, president of the Native Sons
of Vermont, >tatinethat their association,
holding sacred the memory of the days
and the men of 1775, would take pleasure
in uniting with the Bunker Hill Associa
tion on June 17 'o commemorate the anni
versary of that great event. The com
munication was received with great en
thusiasm ana a committee appointed to
confer with the Pacific Coa^t Association
of tha Native Sons of Vermort.
A LECTURE ON ART.
Dr. William R. Alger Speaks at the
Hopkins Institute.
Dr. William R. Alger delivered an inter
esting ieeture on art at the Hopkins Art
Institute yesterday afternoon, the audi
tors being chiefly women.
The speaker put sculpture as an older
art than architecture, contrary to the usu
al idea. After architecture he placed
painting as the third of tha arts, then
music, uext poetry and finally acting.
The seventh and highest of all arts he
named a* "the formation of character
and the conduct of life."
"The lirst three arts are silent," he said,
"and the lirst to speak is music, which
cannot be toucued or 3sen, yet an orches
tra is a transcendent personality and sug«
crests vast experiences. There are thinps
in Beethoven that humanity will first ex
perience a thousand years hence."
The speaker thought the drama the
highest of all the arts snve ttiat which be
called the conduct of life.
KNIGHTS OF TARA PICNIC
Large Numbsr of Irish Patriots
Assemble at the California
Schuetzen Park.
About Two Thousani Persons Wit
ness the R cci eni O.h:r Sports
on the Grounds
The Knights of Tara held a picnic Sun
day at Scbueizen Park, near San Ra
fael. A large number of the friends o!
the Irish patriotic society were in attend
ance, and the day was spent in dancing
and games.
Prizes were offered by the society for
various sports. The mile bicycle race was
captured by Ardie Jobnsou without a
struggle, he being the only rider. Tbe fat
ladies' race provoked much laughter.
The gentlemen in charge of the picnic
were: \ >'-. -.'■
M. J. Dempsey, chairman general picnic
committee; M. J. Connolly, chairman commit
tee ou arrangements; O. B. Riley, chairman
floor committee; P. J. Marrow, chairman
games committee; Thomas Desmond, judge of
jig and reel dancing; William Mu.viu, treas
urer.
la the race for boys under 10 years of age,
Edward Kirwin took first prize, John Burke
t-econd ; for Kirls under 10 years, AJdle Smith
first, Nora f*Mij second. -j* \ ■■■■-
In the footrace for boys under 16 years of
age. Nick Harty cam in fitst; in the girls'
race, Kvelina Mohr took first prize, Annie
[ Keigho second. : . "-'"■'
la the professional footrace, twice around
the ring, Frank Wilson took first prize, Ardie
Johnson second.
Tillie ilaniiH took first prize in the young
! ladies' race, Katie Jlyland second. Married
men's rnee. Frank Kelly first. A. Harley sec
ond. Married ladies' race. Mrs. M. Linehan
| first, Mrs. K. Murray second. Members of the
Knights of Tara race, P. J. Marron first, M. J.
Warren second.
Young men's race, Richard Rogan fimt ; John
j Kelly second. Fat men's rnce, J. J. Cameron
first, C. O'Donnell second. Wo.f Tone race,
i Mrs. C. 1). O'Neill first, G. Keigho second. Oue
I mi.c bicycle race, Ardie Johnson first. Sack
i race, Charles Hagerty first, Charles Loebig sec
i ond. Three-legged race. Frank Sullivan and
Fred McDonnell first, Joe Mulvin and Harry
Murphy second.
Iv the race for delegates to Celtic Union H.
L. Caveney took first place and P. McGushin
second. Committee race, P. J. Marron first, P.
Walsh second. Hop, step and jump race, M.
Lynch first, Frank Kelly secoud. Long jump,
M. Lynch first, Frank Kelly second.
Twenty-eigut valuable gate prizes
were offered by the Knights oi Tara and
were won by as many guests.
One of the features of ibe day were the
Celtic jiers and reel dances, in which
Joseph Kelier of Oakland captured tirst
prize for the manner in which he went
hrough his dance. J. C. O'Connor took
second. In the ladies' dance Miss Kate
Murray took first prize, May Cavanaugh
second.
The p:cnic was a big success and every
thing passed off in excellent order. No
disturbances marred the pleasures of the
day and about -000 persons were on the
grounds.
Agassiz School Exhibition.
The pupils of the Ag ssiz School will giro a
public exhibition of class work for the benefit
of their piano fund at Mission Parlor Hall, on
Seventeenth street, above Valencia, next
Friday evening. A very interesting pro
gramme has been arranged, consisting of
tongs and recitations, which will be rendered
by the different classes and pupils.
SraltU Protests.
Supervisor Smith has filed with the Fire
Committee of the bosrd a protest against the
placing of a largo number of hydrants that
have Deen proposed. Mr. Smith believes that
tne hydrants are necessary, but that in the
present state of the City's finances no such
expenditure should bo made.
irE\r to-© at.'
RU CSIIS A T l O 6J
SiLUiylrll lOlfia
Munyon's Kheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to cure acute or muscular rheuma-
tism in irom one to five days. Sharp,
shooting pains in any part 01 the body
stopped by a few doses. A prompt, com-
plete and permanent cure for lameness,
poreness. stiff bacK and all pains in hips
and ioin3. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fai's to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
< ures before one bottle has been used.
Price. 25c.
Mil &S %£ ft &i 1 O
UN i ON S
Improved Homceo;athic Home Remedy
Company put up a sepitraie cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, J^bilndelDtiia," Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
V^KS FA.j L c
i B \ *
DOCTOR SWEANY,
"\Vho<e reputHtion is established by t«»n
year* of uccc.iful practice at 737
Market street, San Franci*co ( Cal.
LOST ■^■ nc a^ ie a^ en^-
Miiuunnn in S ailments of
MANHUUU NERVOUS DEBI-
LITY Young, Middle-aged
and Old Men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AHD AU blood
SKIN DISEASES. I* 1 ;' 3 c f
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
| ment, no knife, no truss. A
j positive, certain and permanent
j cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
I their many ailments.
j WRITE away from the city.
! Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Absolute secrecy in all pro-
fessional dealings.
Call or address
IE". Xj. SrWE^2Nr*5T, TWZ.X9.
737 Market; St., San Francisco, Cal.
*~« W i 1 hK^v Ihs nf <« Em v Jk|
Pleasant
\j v i v L^ **r^y
for Sick Headache, Constipation, Imperfect
Digestion and Inactive Liver. Its occasional
itse keeps tho body in health and enables those
of feeble digestion to assimilate and enjoy theii
tood.
Sold by Druggists for 50 yenra.'
il(*!f?M«3B^tlsf££i f-uccessor to DR. 1,.\1
SmS^SlW^i r<) ' J ' AI - «rnduate or
lO^^Sg^S^akteTJ fantfin Medica! Col-
MV^g* ■ ""'' "Ht^^AaSt legp. after a very 311 -
Wm f ces " fu ' practice of
T-L-^ '^?3&^ many ypars in China,
l/^V^S^ £~lr has 1° »'cd in San
tTOSB P3 CHY,
f-uccessor to DR. LAX
k Po JAI. graduate of
Canton Medical col-
,W l e e e - after a very suc-
(■• cessful practice of
has lo sril in feau
Francisco. The sur-
\j//f » Jry prising a::d i.iarvc i
k£&|> f */ cures t-frected by hl3
•^R^^fft n herb 6 demonsttata
Mv)&fiS\ so, their potence and his
ywTl^ Jy^-B sKill. These herb*
•^cS*^!* J*> '■ure over 400 tllfferen:
j»Bs!*lf-"< I -s^vr^ diseases, iDc.udlnz
yj^Sf^%^C' " Brlshi'a Disease, Dia-
W^^^^^^ ttt«>s, Cousumption,
Astll ni a. I'i.ralysn.
£ralo, Kerve, Cancers, Tumorß, Blood, Male ami
Female Maladie* All persons afflicted with auy
kind of maitidy whatsover are lnvaej to call.
Office, 727 Washington Street.
Office haurs— 9 a v. to Vi 31., It« 9 p. M. ; Sun.
. day. 10 a. v. to 12 it.
O-00-00-O-0000000
AN EXCELLENT
If 7TT? AT Properly prepared and
|\/| r* r\ I promptly served, can
*•**-« *'*- always b- obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T"> AT A i T
tsJzgs. PALACE
ment in town. wßaaMstmwE&mßEtaxgaa
000<KK>0<>0<KK>0
PChlehe«ter*s EnsUr.b IMaatond Branil.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
•<E»""%. Original and Only Genuine. ■ A
J-jffk%\ * alwayi reliable. EntfuS Dit iA\
f-'jJl +*v)&l. Erarni't for Chirhnter » Eng'ult Di*-Jf3^\
If^iß'wf^noud Brand \a Red aad Gold ir.fu]lic\\*y
T^ -™^\jSS2t»xe«. i«lod with, bins rlhhon. Take VS'
• I?} ®^k mill other. Refitst danjtraun subttilu- V
\'l "~ (J> ti:>n * ""' •nUafum*. At Dracgittf , or send 4c.
I Sm- JM is iUitp.pi for par'ieaiiri, tntlmoaiilx and
\Q* - 0 " RelleV for T.sdled." in Utter, br retara
-\. If Mall. 10.000 T»«tiinoiiiali. H*ne P*p* T .
> > Calefce*terCheale*lC«^9(fc<H*otigaßa*«b
4Wbj»U Local Dru«giiU. I'il I L \UA., k'A,
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
1b A PUWEKFUIi APHKODISIAO AS»
X specific tonic for the seiual and urinary orxam
ot both seies, »nd a preat remedy for diseases or
tne kidneys and bladder. A great Besioratlv*
lnvigorator and Nervine. SeUs on Its owa ilerHi;
so long-winded testJicoiilals cc sary. Q
523 Market Hi., b. L-.-^aJ. lor! Circular)
The purs fSMntlal extract from the natire drur. Oon-
*gg *'l, tho | alUab! . medicinal properties of Opi.iia
Without JU ao io elements. No sickness cf irtoniiuh;
no vomit {no cost jvf nets , no heaciaclK. AU oruss'i«i«j
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SIMSIAKV OF THE JIAUKETS.
Holiday In New York.
bilver firmer.
Wheat Freights steady.
Wheat Fu:ures lower.
Barley declinm.:.
Oats, Corn auil Kye dull.
liay easy. Foedstuft's unchanged. •
Beans and .'-e^ds ne.l> Ct< d
Flour and Millstun'n as befo.-e.
Fotatoet and Onions weak.
Vegetables In ic>oi supply.
Dairy products unchanged.
I'ou'.try generally lower.
Strawberries continue to decline.
i:rus Fruits unchansed.
Piovislons quirt.
H idc-* and leather dull.
feme contracting for northern Hops.
Wool quie:.
Meat market generally lower.
\VHKAT ESTIMATES.
Crop conditions for A pill 1 indicate a wheat
crop 111 six Sii-tei as follows:
California, bushels 45 000.000
Ktnsas. 55.000 000
UtiiO 86.0.i0 0»0
Indiana 20 000 003
Illinois 16,00i).l 00
Missouri K{ OO'.COO
Total Jo ,i»00.oo0
Yielit same In 1896 16:< 601.800
\ leld s Ime in IS9 4 214 446 800
The yield I 1 this Mac in lh*<S was eivea ai 43,
--097,'i00 bushels. »r the lame as esliniat-d ior the
current year. Though the cr >p In the atiove
Statts in 1894 was over 50.0J0.000 larger than
estimated for the curreut year, itie total for Cali
fornia lii that year was only 50, 376,700 Dm hen.
Kxptitnation.
The arrow flies with tlwwlnd. The top f!g^»«^
tt station Indicate maximum temperatur* for the
Cays: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
raintall, of melted snow In inches aixl hundredth!!,
during the past twtlve hours. ■ Isobars, or soilij
lines, connec: po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh"' means htfih barometric Mes-ture and
Is usually accotnrjanled by fair weather: "low
reft-rs 10" low pressure, end is usually preceded
and acromp.in by etondv weather and rains.
-Ioti" usually first apji-ur on the Washineton
coast. Wht-n the pressure is hinh In the interior
and low aloog the coast, aud the isobars extend
north and south olou£ the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with Isobars of |
roarlced curvature, rain south of Oregon ie improb
able. With a "hieh" in Uie vicinity of Idaho, und
the pressure falling to the Lal.fornia coast, warmer
»e»ther may be expected in summex and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of theae conditions
wIU produce an opposite result.
WKUHKK BUREAU RKPOKT.
Vnitkk States I>f.p*r'tkent. OF Agriciti.-
TfRE, WFATHER Bl'BKlB, SAX. Fr*NCISCO,
April 27. 1597. b P. M — 'lh" foilowingare h» lain
falls for the past 24 hours and season.d iain:a Is to
date, as compared uitn those of the same date
last season:
Eureua. pas: 'J4 hours .00. thii sf-ason 48.10,
las', season 44.69: Hed Bluff, past 24 hours .00.
this season 24.08, last season 20.17.; -1111 Fran
cisco, past 24 lioiir^ O.». tins season 22.61, last
S'a>"ii J0.44: Fresno, paai 24 boari .UO, tbls sea
son 10.53, las: seuon 8.16: s»n I.vis Oblspo, past
24 hours .00, this heaaon 20.71, last nekson i7.d-;
I. « Au es. pa.t V' 4 I. ours trace, th s s-usnn
16.76. last season i' 1)6: San Diego, past 24 tours
.00, this season 11.63. 1. si >e»s<m 5.90: Yum-..
past 24 hours .00 thi- tea<on f>.hs. last season .88.
•ai Frauciscu data: Maximum lempi;ralure 02,
xnintmuin 4S mean fiO
Weather conditions and general forecast:
'1 he pressure is biglies: this evening in the vi
cinuy of Vaucouv.-r and lOWt-al in >.>lorado and
eastward. l>ecidedlv coo er w. at tier prevails
ihroughou: the Interior of California ami in .Ne
vada, Idaho and Montana. The temperature in
the intir.or valleys Of Ca;fornia lias laugeii be
tween 65 nnd 7j degrees, cloudy and somewhat
threatening weatber bus prevailed a'.oas the Cali
fornia coi.st ana occasional sirinkles probably fe 1 !
between Santa Cruz and l.os Angeles. Clear '
we.ither Is reporttd from i ape Mendocino north- '
ward. Condi lions are favorable for partly cloudy,
cool weather in California on Wednesday.
l-oreiast made al San Frnncisco for 30 hours
ending n.ldnlsh , April 28. -K?7.
Nor.hern Cilifurnia— l'urtly c oudy Wednesday; '
continind cool; fr<-sh westerly winds.
S .utbern California- P. irlly cloudy Wednesday;
fregh westeilv winds.
Nevada— PartJy cloud/ Wednesday; cooler in a,'l
bul extreme weM po.tiou.
titan— Piobably occasional sliow*r.i Wednesday;
cooler .
Arizona— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
s«n Francisco aid *vk inity — Partly cloudy
Wedutsday; brisk wes.er v winds.
W. H. HajiM'in, Forecast OfQclal.
HOLIDAY I> NKVV YDRK.
Yesterday being a holiday in v Raw York there
were no quotations from there.
CUICAOO jiAKKEH.
CHICAGO. In., April '27. — Fewer cattle are
being sent to the market than a week ago. -No
prime cattle have been offered tbis week and
Kteets are being soil hi *4fg,4 25 'for common
dressed beef lots up to $. (q,b b for the best offer-
Inps. Good, r.seml cattli arc coming in in fair
numbers, but snort-fed cattle predominate largely.
Exporter* continue to buy most of tb« heavy cal-
The two days' receipis of hegs are shout 4«5,0C0.
Sales mi.de weie at an avenge decline of 2y 2 (aise
V lot), ia< kers were t.ood uuyors. >ales were
larxeljr at *4 50;g,5 05.
Soeep failed to sustain prices, though limited of
frrings were made. Ulora.i.i lambsaold slo» 1\- at
$&(a5 50. wiili,- common lo i;o;ki lirought f 3 50^
« 75. cheep w-re salaole, for H.e poorest, at the
same price to $4 50(ar> ior ihe best:.
The speculative trade in provision* was of fairly
good dimensions, r,ut lliu Djur-et was heavy and
prices lende.l downward, i-.vervthinz on the list
dosed ai the louost prices of th- day and a sub
stantial declines Mnce yesterday, rork is 73U.C
lower, lard 5c and ribs from 7y c dccli in May
to 10c in July, i uyinc was widely distributed and
sonif of the packers letu a hand on that side on
weak spo.a. The day's run of hogs was 18,000
and 2*.000 are e.xpecte l to-morrow.
WHEAT— 9:30 iO:00 10:30 11:00 11-30
May 7:-6 /g 73 7'JIA 72% 7-7/.
J»l>- "J3Va 7^V 8 72 .721/1 712
beptember 70 69Vfc 69 6hT/ 8 eM 7/*
12:00 12: 0 1:01) 1:15
ADrll 7 »i/
>l«y 7H 7-jy 2 7ki/ 4 7-.'v£
July 72.y, T> 2 71i£; 71^
P A H,!E r V-- 2 -4^3»c" 3/i 673/, O Bi /g
BABLJ£Y-24V^OS»c.
CORN— .April anu May,'_'4c; July. 2514 c. •
' l?T/ A l Tb A|Jri: ' 16s /sc; May; 16%@17c; July,
1 * ygC ;
KIE-24C
Produce.
Jui°" ' -"n * 8 421/a 8 45: M "y- * 8 4< -'« t ' <5;
LAKU-Aprl. *4 10@4 LSVk! May. $4 iO<a
4 l-^j; July, $4 -0.
itlbss-Aprll an.! May, 65: July, $4 67y .
»UITEH-Market firm itnd active; good de
mand or smull lots ■ Receipts light and siocks
"adlVi; <.@Tf merles 14@16c; dairies, 12@14c:
laui* 1 s, .'{gl lc 1 ■
Kiiuf-Market steady but tjoi :>ciive. Kec-ipts
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO., .
<t Leldesdorff st, TeL Main 1934.
CI.MEAI. ornct
MS Market St.. Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson.
.Mmiavers. Tel. ilain 6144.
Cptown Oflice-KaldwinHoitl (adjolnlnjtOrlU -
lioom). Tel. v Maln 1081.
PURDY. ATKINSON & OLAPP, Manager*. i
Orters instantly executed on latest markat on*
Utloaa. aefereaoe Ist National BmSTbIJ? •
oucAoa wuvax* wu& S«# you
;H 'lit nnd offerin small. Strlc ly fresh, loss Off
caa?s returned BV4C; cases iih-Ikl-.il, by^c.
L.i vcstiick.
BOOS— I-lc'it. .«:! 95®4 12y-; mli»d. *3 90G4
4 10: heavy, *3 6Ot<i4 115: rouxii. #3 60(0, 70.
CATTLE- B^pvr.-. ?3 t>6M5 XO: iw« and hoif
ers. ?2 00ca.4 SU; Biock«rsand f»ederH.'s3 40(S?)4 50.
hHEEl'— Native sneep. >'_' 769* 85: es'.erns.
f3t>o©l76; lamb* 13 7">af> 00. Mnrket weak.
lOKtl'.N JIdItKKTS.
London.
LONDON. Kxn., April .7. — Consols, 112; silver,
•J8 5-ltid; French rentes, 102f 67c.
Liverpool.
• WHEAT — Quiet -o. 1 standard California
wheat, 3-Js: cargoes Walla Walla viheat. 30s 3d;
carcoea orT coaau ra her easier: cargoes on passage,
easy 3dtt6d lower: Eiull-li country maikeis, qulr-t
and sn.-4.1> ; J'rencn i oun r.- 111 tiKets firm: Liver
puol wbeat, No. 1 Calliurnla. 6s 4Vi"!fcUs 5y 3 d;
wueat In l'aris, weak: fi<>v.r in I'arU, weak.
COTI ON-Upiands, 4 7-32 d.
KUIURBI.
I he J'ro<luce Rxctianjce cable slves thn followlnt;
J.tvi 00l quotations ior No. 2 Bed Winter: May,
6s "id: July. 6.1 Hid; ttepteniber, Us Vjd.
KXtllAM.i; AND BILLION.
.Sterling Excbamce, 60 days — $4 878,4
Sterling I- xebauge, slgbt — 4 8;>
bterilne Cables ' — 4 89V>
New York I'xrnaiige, sight — 171.^
New York Exchau^e, u-li-j,-raphic. — -0
i- iiie silver, per ounce — Ol'i
MexU.au ijoilurs 49Vs &o'
FEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT ANU UXL.ISR OKAIXS.
WHEAT 1 r.EIGHT*-The rate for V. K.
remain* a. 17s Bd. with an occasional charter. J
'l he chartered Whea". fleet in port has a registered |
tonnage ot 15.000, ngaiust 21, 50 D louson the same
dtte last ytar: disengaged. 8-\OUO tons, against
57 1 0; on ilie wjiy 10 this port, 238,2(54 tons,
aj;.. list '£ i 7,8 10.
WII tA r- si o: rain keeps up in si ite of the de
cline in futures. It n a inil.iriv; proposition now as
the shippers ai <• doing riotbibg, and choice mlliinc
Wheat is not over-plentiful.
iiiuin were considerably lower, as will be
seen.
Q..oted at 31 25 tl SSVi for common grades,
$1 KJ.C4I 3: V» "c* ctl ior average No. 1, $1 40 tor
<.).<>:ie hiKl .>. 4j V^l jo sor t-xir.i chotc mil.iui;;
.-onora, $1 STVstli 42y >or No. 1 anil $1 *7 1 afg>
1 ho ior mil.ln^.
( Al.I. i:uaki> sales.
IxroEMii, s-ks-s ion— 9:ls o'rlock— December— j
lO.oloc is, SI -M: G uo. $1 las/,; <ooj $1 i». .' 8 ; i
20.uj0, SI !9»4i H-l.iJlil-, $i 18%: -000. *i 2oy
-14.000. si aoa/»; aouo, $1 20%: 54.0u0. .*! 2> i/ 4
>KciiNi> >tssio.v — i-teienfoer — hi>Od ctl*,
$1 1«%; lf.OOu: *1 :85,g HlOi), «>l lb^; 12.000,
Si 1«U: HOL'O. .fl 18%
KKQUUB Morning Skssiox— December— 6000
ctls, $ 17; 4f(.!0, $. ,7V*: 00. *1 Il\ki '.'OOO,
$1 17:'*: S' oo. fl 1»; cOOO. $1 l»i 8 ; 1000
$1 1-^jj; UHJU, $1 iS5 3 : 50.000, SI 103
Aktkknoox .-kssion— December— So.OUO ctls,
$1 .a. -oi>-. *i ii<i . •
JBAKLEY— Fetd Is on the down grade, aeain.
owlnsr to t.'ie moist and thn-atenln^ weatber. Feed,
6« Va®7iJVac; .Brewing remuius iiuuimul.
CAIX KlUllli SAI.KH.
Informal BXBBIOS— o'clock— May— oo
ctls. 7H 4 ,
Skconu ion— No sal's.
lifi.ii.ar Mokninq >kssion— Dectmber— 4000
cils. . ie: -jooo, 70y 8 c: 20-;o. 7ou-. siuy (off ca 1)
A NOON s-kssion — May— "JOOU ctl*. 70c;
20UJ, 7i/B^«:; 4000. ic December— 4COo, 7C. . <;;
2000. 70«4.c; 30C0, 7iyßc: 2000, 7H 4 .
OATS-l'lie uifr.et is tlul and pn es show no
fnr.her c;i;<nse. Karu y I'usK^ound, $1 SLiJtl «O;
good .ochocf. *1 liVs'^l 25;ionimon, *l@l UTi 2
#. c:l. • 111 lied Oat. ae.i ..I S-ia^ f* lon uvrr 111."
law 1 n....:. .
UOK.N —Is quiet with abundant offerings Larce '
YHlow, B.(ii-0c: Miialt KouuJ co, 97%c<S$l; ■
White. 82y 2 (aßsc ft ctl.
KYt— Tburd is an occasional sa!e at 75g82V»c
f> ctl. ■ - .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 15(g>l 25 fl ctl.
FLOl'lt AND MILLSTUFIS.
All descriptions remain unchanged.
FLOUR— Net- < aih price* are: Family extras,
*» 75(34 H5: BakerY extras, $4 60@l 65: .Super- i
fine. *4<g4 35 '* bbl.
IOKN..IKAL. KTC — Feed Corn. $17 50@18;
Cracked Corn. *18(c'.19 t* ton.
MILLsTUFFs— PrTces in sacks are as follows,
I usual discount to tb« trade; •truliam Flour, f_' >-5
j V 100 tbs: Kye Flour. $2 50 %♦ 100; Rice Flour,
$5 75; Cornmeal. $2«82 -6: exira cream do. fi 75.
Oatmeal, $3 50; Uat Groats. S4: Hominy, $:i iO@
3 3j; Buckwheat Flour. *3 25@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, ?4; Whoie Wheat Flour,
$3; r.olled Oats Ibbls). fl 75(j55 1&: Pearl Barley, I
S3 75{£4; Split Pesa, S3 50; tiriieuuo, $4 -J5 V 100 '
' tbs.
HAY AM> FEEUSTCFFS.
Prices remain unchanged. Hay Is easy, owing
j to tUe improved weather.
BKAN— SISJSIS 50 lor tbe best and 812@12 50
V ion i"r oui ide brands.
MIDHUM..S — $17@1H for lower grades and
$38 501£19 50 r ion for the best.
F&KlKjrrUVFtf — Kolied Harley, «15@15 60:
Oiu-.-ir.e Meal ut the mill, $'-'6 00 f* ton: iubbing,
m so.
"l)A Y-Whcat, *B(g,n 50: Wheat and Oat. f7«a !
10; Oat, 56fdS 50: Barley, *6 50&8; Alfalfa, $0 |
<&7 50: compressed, $6^9 50: stoCK, fs®ts; Clo
ver, f b&S 1* ton.
Sl'KAW— 'Jsij.soc ft bale.
liKAXS ASD SEEDS.
I. Seeds a-e neglected and Beans are duil and freely j
I offered.
BEANS— Bay os quoted at $1 60®l B'>; Pmall
\\ Bites, tlffil 20 per ctl; Large Wnltes, $I@l 15
%* Ctl; Pinks. fl@l iO; U*d% $1 10@l 30: Kljck
eye, Jl 50@l t>s; Red Kidney. $1 75@'J 20: Ll
mas. $1 bO&l 75; Butlers, $1 25(j$l 60: Pea, *L
@1 20.
--KKDS— P.rown Mustanl, $2 8009 75; Yellow
Mustard. fl 50 ?t ctl; Flax. *1 f>o %* ctl; Canary
s-e<d, l%<aii/4C t* n>: Alialfa. tji, c; Kape, 'JJ-s® I
'iH/ic; Hemp, sc: Timothy, /aC
DKIKii PKA«— Nile*. $1 lOigH 2f>^ ctl; Oreen,
tl 30(s>l 60 X ctL
POTATOKS, ONIONS, VKGETABIES.
Potatoes and Onions continue weak. Asparagus,
Peas and Khubarb are in free supply.
PuTATUKS- New Potatoes. */ @U4c ?i tt>:
Sweet ioiatoe«, $i 25©1 65 %-cil; Kariy Koae, 65@
70c %>• cil; River iteds. 70@75c: Burbank Beed
-I'iigs, 50<ae0c ■£ ctl for Hlvers and .*>o(&7oc for
I*- uiiiu'i: Oregon Burbanka. OurahSc.
O.MiiNS- Orepon?, $z \IS&3 * ctl. Cnt Onions.
SI 25(<£l 60. V sa k. >evad»«. S2 sU(icj>3. au»
tralian Onion-i lolibin.: at S4 50@5 V rtl.
VKi-KTABI-h.-— KecelDta were JSSI boxes As
paract's 4fi:i boxes Rhubaro a d 11 1)3 sks IVas.
Ilohouse Cut umbciA nr» quotable »t cOc@sl %*
dozen; Aspaiagus, (g,sl 1:5 T» box for common,
$1 10 for cho:ci- and *1 75^'J ft, box for fancy:
Jthubarb, 40(^50c or orJinary aril 6r>(sKsc for
choice larce: Marrowfat Sgua.sb. $t@7 %i tou;
Dried Peppers, 6<3Sc ft Ib; Green leas, So®7sc "&
sack: l-o» Angeles Mrnik.' Beans 8c t» lb:
IJrielOkra, 8(&;<i- <* tt>; Cabbage. 75@85c %>. ctl;
Carrots, 25@d0c t* fatk: (iarlic, l\ fji,'2c t* Ib.
I'.UTTKi:, CHKKSK AND tCGS.
But ercontlnnes in demand for packing. Cheese
and Kkps are steady at the fnml i«r prices, except
•Duck HgjTS, which are lower and neglecteJ.
i,ri 1 1 k-
Ckkamkkv — Fancy creameries, 13@131a,c s«c- !
oi. os. 129121 AC V ib.
Dairy— Choice 10 fancy, ll@l2c li B>; lower
giad^, B@lvc.
Pn.-Ki.Kii— lßl 2f<Jl4c "£ Ib for new.
Fibkiv— ]2®l4c ■}* lb lornew.
Cskamkhy Tub— New. 14c f« Ib.
CH>.K«E— i hove mild new, »>',i;<i7c tjft 0>; coin
a;ou to good, siAr<£6c: Cream Cheddar, 10@l lc:
JTounz America, 7@Bc; Weitern, lie; Kastcrn. 13
®15c * Ib.
S-Kanch Kges. HVs®l2c; store Eggs, 10V
®llc %* doz: Uuclt Kgifs, l2Wsl3c.
I'OUI-TKY AND GAJIK.
POOLTKY -Eastern Is sellinjr at 14@15c %t tb
for Turkeys, *5 26@5 sl< for Hens, $7 50 lor young
Koosters and S4 50 for old KooHters. Another car
will be offeied to-day.
Local slock shows a general decline o» Inc to the
ample stocks of Kanieru.
Live Turkey*. ].»<Sl sc for Gobblers. 14(21 5c for
Hens: G*fcse V puir. SI .r>i»j .'iO: Oosllni:«. .^'Jke
2 25: Ducks, s}3 f 0.U4 MJ for old and *5 sOf^7 tor
youoß; Hens. *3 50»4 50; Koosieis, young. $6 &0
®7 iO: do, old. *4@!4 •_' r. : ryers, ffi<a6: Lroilers,
*4 50(<$5 for large aud $2@3 ior small: Pigeons,
91 50(3»l 75 V doz for young and 91 -a for old.
GAMK— Hare, nominal; itabbhs, nomluau
DECIDUOUS ANI» CITKUS FKUITS.
The Newcastle Fruit-growers' Union reports : he
first shlpmt-nt of Strawberries from Placer County.
Keceip;s of Strawberries are increasing and prices
continue lo decline.
Orangei are movloe off well at steady prices.
1-lmtsare in fair demand. Lemons are very dull.
Becnrlts of Strawberries were 154 chests.
MICII(UoCs FRL'lTS
strawberries, tf@,7 f, chest for large sod «6©
10 for small. *"
Apples. Sl©".! <? box.
CiriU .» 1-Kl ITS-Navel Oranges are quotAbln
at.B3@4 %* box for choice to fancy and *i "Sftsa
■? tox for common; He»-dling*. $I@l 50 V. iiox •
Mediierranean Sweets, »1 So@2 %) box: Lem
ons, 75c@$l 2b tor common and 91 60® ' V 5
forpood tocMOlce; Mexican Limes, $BM7 %i b»x-
Bananas, $1(3)2 %* buncn; l'ineapples, $2^4 %* doz!
DBIED KIIUIIS, Jt AISINS, NUTS, KTC.
The active demand for Prunei has subs ded and
the market for all descriptions Is flat again.
DIUKU KKUlTtj— Quotation* are as follows-
Peaches, 4«*5i,,c * lb: . fancy, ■6c ft tt,: peelej'
7fellc: Aprico'B, . 6feßc: MoorparKs. lo&luc
evaporated App es, I i @jy a c: sun-dried, irrf.Sc"
Piunes. ZViQ-tyic for the 1 slzeu: whlim «laT3c:
Plums, 4f<t4i/fC .or .» itted and liSl 1 1 ' for unp.t
led: ?\eclarines. i^i^^Cfl lb lor |ufine lofuncy
i'ear*. -Vifc4': for wnole, 2 (g,(>c for quarters and
b(a, c for hulves. . "
BAISINS—
Four-crown, loose. 6%c; 8-crown. 4Vic; 2-crown.
3%c ? n>; seedless lianas, 6@6i<jc; seedless
Muscatels, 4y c; 8-crown London layers, f l©i 26;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
clusters, $1 50; ]>ehesa clusters, 91! 50; Imperial
clusters, $2 50: drltd crape-t out.
N n>>-Clies-nufi quotable at 8<gl0e: Walnu's.
6V2©7c .t< Jb tor standard and y((4i)i ,c Ib for
s'ilisin-11: Almonds, t>i#6i..c for J-iini;uecloc, c®
S^c for bardsheli B#9o Vi lb tut paper-shi-i.;
Peanuts. -t'.atii- •? Ib lor Kastern «nd 4l- for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nn:s. • f<itic t* Ib: I'et-an-. 7' ..'a)
I 8c *« Ib: Kllberts, 7V»eSc; Bmzii Xu:a, 7%(*bc:
Co<oanu.ts *5<85 50 V 100.
lIOVH V— Comb. 10@.12y 2 for bright and BfflOc
j lower graUe<; waU>r-\vluie »-x;ractnl. s@si/2C;
Iliebi amb-r extracted, 4W>@4»ic; dark uiuuvr,
1 4r4Vi;C; Ua.k, SASe '#■ lb. '"
BEESWAX--Ji!@'_'sc '$ lb.
PBOV.ISIOXB.
l'ustness Is not active and previous pricrs rnle.
| CUKKD H KaTS— Bacon. 7V-jc lb torheavy. 8c
I V. lb for light medium, Uc for ll;ht, 10c » Ib
| for rXtra llxht and 12c f* 11. for sugnr curel Bwt
| er:i sngnr-cured Hams, layac t lb: 1 a'.ifornta
i Hams, lie %* tti: Mess BM>t 9S» }fl bbl; extra
nx'ss do. S3 50: lainily do, itelO 50: extra
prime PorK, $H 50: extra clear. $14 ff, bol; ri,i--.s.
$12 V bbl; t-moAed Beet, 10c *» lb.
L \lt D— Kai'.eru tierces are ciuou*l at 6%c for
l compound and H^,c lor pure: pails. 7c; Cal-
Iforala tierces, 4V>c for compound and M-<- for
uure: half-bbl 6V^c: 10-ib tins, 7c; ilo 5-tt. "7V4C
CoT'loLENfc.— be in tierces aud 7^i(asybC in
10- Ib tins.
HIDKS, TALLOMf, WOOL AND HOPS.
Quotations seldom Cbange nowadays.
1IIUK» AND »KINS— nad brnnds sell lc
mirier sound stock. Heavy salti-d steers, 8c; me
dium, 7c"? lh: lijtht, tiy 2 @7c; Cowhides. «i£@7c:
BtagS, 6c: Baited Ki|.. 6a7«: fr Hi; Siiltea Calf, Vi^bc:
sailed V-al toS7o; ary Hidts. 12y.>®13c: culls and
nrauds. UV:@loc f, 2>: dry Kip aud Veal. tffdtlUc;
dry Calf, ifrc: culls, IOc; Goutskin<. 20(<£35c •acti;
Kids, sc; Ucersk.ns. «ood summer. 23c s* Ib:
ii:-d.iur, 20c: winter, 10c; >lieep»kins, shear
lings. lu&'-'Or- each; short wool, 2f>@4Oo each;
medium. 40<g>50c each; lone wool', &ot<u7sc eacn?
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2"i@:tc >> lb; No. 2,
2V2C; relined. 6c: Ureaae, No V ID
WUOI — Uncertainty regardini; ilie tariff has led
buyers to switch off to foreign wools and tno
American product Is consequently quiet, bprlng
clip is quoted as follows: -V.ouniitln, ll@l4c "$ &>;
Foothill, 10@l'Ji*jC: i>nn Jn-iquln. year's clip, 7@
10c: do, seven month*, 8«ollc %1 lb: »vnda.«, 10
@14c: tastern i>regon. 7-.j»lOo.
HOP.s— 6,'alSc lor tail- lv choico and 9®loc "j* Ib
for fancy. New Oregons are beiog coiiiiacle-l for
at 10c and new Wasliiugtons at 7gtL'c.
OENEKAL BItUCUANDISB.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 5%c: June,
1,4 c: July. s@sy :; Saa Queutiu, $5 4J: Wool
Bags. i.'4(jn)27c.
COAL— Wtlllng:on, f8: New Wellineton. $£;
Southlield \Vellington, $7 50: Seattle, $5 50:
Bryant, $5 50: Coos Hay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
%< ton: Cumberland, $13 50 V tou in bulk ami $15
in sacks: Pennsylvania, Anthracite Ecg. $1 l(r. rj ft
ton: Wel,ii Anthracite, $B^lo. Cannei, J>< V IO0!
I O'.-k J'prinss, Custle Gate and t'ieas.int \ all^y,
$7 60.* Coke, f 1 Ifrtii2 in bulk and $13 f| ton Invks.
CANNED FItU ITS— herries, black or red.
HVa-lb. extra, $2 t* dcz: White Chenies, 2^-tb,
fA.r», ,*-j 50: -"^a-lTi standaids, $3 10; Peaches—
Yellow, free, $1 ,o@l &0: Aprlcois— 9ocSiSl 05;
Kasptwr es, $1 75; Strawberries $1 75.
CANNKI. VEGETABr.ES— Toniato«>. 70c 9
doz.-n 2i/o-Ib tins. Peas— sl@l 28 e< dozen.
coffe'k-
COSTA Kica— 17C(£18i r ( c 14 Ib for good to prime
washed: lt(<filt>34c for good; 1.">($15 ,4C for good
mixed with tiiuck l)fa:is; 1-I©l i:| 4 <- tor fair; t?i.j-$
13c nominal for ronmion to ordinary.
-Ai.VAiKiH- 16^fi$18c for s>od to prime washed;
15a loc r lb tor fair washed: 18Sl9c ~$ Ib for
good to prime washed paabiTry ; 13@l.^ic for
■nptvior Bnwaabed; 1-^C for gooii unwashed;
ltf'^ltiS^r for good to prime nnwi»«hed pcaberry.
(iIATK.MAI.A ANli M I X H-AN — lt@l 9 Vi«" '-r It) for 1
prime to s:rtctly primu washed; liifo-LT^c for
good to strictly good washed; l.">(c£l.V tor tair
washed l?@l4:«,ic for medium; l()^l'Ji/ c for
ordinary; EHoß*%c for mlerior to common: 19@
li>Vic tor co >d to prime washed leaberry; 16'^}
l6Va<' tor jou ' to mine unwashed peaberry.
l-'fsH— lß97 fish are quoted us follows: <'n>
hnndred-pound cases. 4 : |+o %< Ib: UU th bundles
0596), 3-^ic fi tt>: Bnnetftss (18^6), si.ic: Mid
dlt-s, 3 c: Blucks, by.@7c: Desiccated, soc t» doz:
Pacillc'il erring, lac«ibox: l>uicii do, yjc«isl 10
"r ktg: Whitetiih, fl £0 in hail-bbls and si 75 In
kits; Tongues jnui -omi Is. §U; Mackerel, bbls—
,\a 1.9-0: No. •_' 91>50; No. 3, 9i7. ha!f-bbls—
No. 1. *S<(«.9 hO: So. 3. «8 50^9: No. 3, »8 60; kits
— No. 1. 91 50: No. 2. 9i 25; No. 3. s»l.
QilCKsii.VKit— 94o %* flask.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. I, 95c;
bbls, i*oc t 1 - g«l (niHiiafacturers' rates): Linseed
Oil, In bbls. boiled, 40c; do raw, caies. 3c
more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls. 60c:
No. 1. 45c; cases, higher; Cmna -\ i:t, 4<i@s4c
. V gallon.
I PETUOLEUM, GASOLINE, KTC -The Stand-
I ard Oil Company quutes as f'.ll'ws: Wa;erwhite
oal 01, in bulk. "i(i' a ■■; Pearl Oil. In cases, loc;
Astral, 110, 16c; Mir, d.> 16c: J-.x:ru Star Oil, iq
rusfs. 20c; l-luine, do, 21c: Eoceue, do, 18c: De- j
odorized Stove liasoUtie. in bulk, iI V3-; do. la ;
cases. 17c; 63 dg. Deodorized Naphtha, In bulk,
IOV-jc: 63 dg. do. In cases. l.Moc: 86 dg. Gasoline,
in bulk, 20c: 86 dg. do. In cases. 25c > gal.
WHI 1 X LEAD— Quoted ut sV4(^.)Vi'* ¥ Ib.
Rr:i> LEAD— Quotable at »VtW»Vi<= «* ">•
TnU'KNTISi-.-ln cases, 4 1c; in iron barrels,
b9c; in wooden barrels. 41c t 1 Ib
A.\i>LL>— blandard oil Company quotei
B» follows: Electric Light— 6's, 16 oz, 7VSjC: 14 oz,
I 4i-: 13 oz. tic: 10 oz. SVic. Gmultes— 6's. 10 oz,
bVjC: 14 oz. 71 «c; IS oz, 7c; 10 oz. 61/ic.
■ LKA I lIKK— liiim— heavy, H)@3jc: <lo me
dium, 28c: ao lWlit. 24@25c Kougn l.alti-r. i:<
ile'p. tti; Kips, 9-U>(s4s i)e.r dozeu: «11. 70 9t»if.
itoii-ti -p!i s. B(s9. : Belt-k:iif» Spi la, I'_'ral4": ,
Collar Leather, bl.n-k, HV»iil3c 9 loot: do rus
set. i;: a.!3r: >k.rtiuif Leather. 31^ %i tb.
BUGAK— Tbe Western ."sugar Ketliiinc Company
quoies. terms net cash: < v tie and Cruiiied aad Fine
Crusiied. Be: Powdered, r«> 3 c; Dry Granulated.
4T/ 8 c: Confectioners' A. 4"/ 8 Magnolia A. 4l^jC:
! I- .511.1 IX, 4S. g c: Golden (', 41,4 c: Candy Granulated,
I si : ball uarreis i.ic mors tuau barrels, and boxes
1 nc morti. - .-. • , 3?\3
SAN KKANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beet Mutton, Lamb and dressed Hoes are
weaker. I ive Hogs are also weak but no lower
Wholesale rates for dressed stocic iro_u slaagn
terers are as Joliows:
Br.iiF— First quality. s«^g6c: second do, sc;
third do, 4®4i/ 2 i: & ib.
VKAL— s^6c; small, 6@7c tt».
MUTTON — wetben, 5.'«5'/ 2 c; tfwea, 4@sc B.
LAMB-Sprluc, 6^61/^c r Ib.
POltK— Livo Ho^. .{»„.:!,(• for large and 3Vi ;
(i^.-.",4C for small and medium, sott liojs, 2^4(531-:
oresoed do, s@6c.
WOOD, LIMBER, ETC.
Posts, B@loc parh for No 1 and 5V 2 @6V ; >'" for
N*o. 2: It ed wood, $5 »>. cord; uak, ruTuii. tti :11
Penled, *9; l'iue. $5 75.
TAN BARK- Nominal.
LUMBEB— Hates ure nominal.
liKCJiIPTS OF i'KOUUCO.
rr>r. '.4 nooRH.
nonr. nr «v« ... 6,342 Middlings. sZv.. 600
Washington... 2,950 Lnttwr. cu»...__ '253
W heuu ells. 6 4t5 Chee»3, ctu... m •
Enrley. ctUi..._. 2,175 Ke*«. a 0*...."" 19.560
Beans, sts . 45 1 Hldei. n0.... ,J 1-J8
Corn. e115......... 3,5b0 l'eln. bats.
i ( .i»!i,f». sks.... P,l3ti' Wins. gals.. 12,700
Oregon Wool. Dis _ 68U
H», lulu.. ...„_ li! 0 I. eaiher. r011*.... Jl
Straw, tons 15 l'atlow. ctl ... t;6
l,it.u. >ki 150 Chicory, tDls ' 2
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Daniel P. Hlclcey to Mary ffickcy, lot on 8 line
O! Clay street, 143:9 Wof StelneK S 1'27:4V-j by
W26; gift. /2 *
Gertrude I. Mathli-son to /delalde M. Marks, lot
on N W corner of Waller aud Pierce streets. \V
'27:6 by N 112:6; i?ift-
Gusiav Hin.ichs to Ilattle s. Ilinrlchs, lot on S
Una of Oatc slri-et, ll»6 X of C.aytou, X :3 by 8
137:6: s;n:.
U. T. Knopf to Fortunas Radolph, lot on N line
of T«enty-lirsl street, 25 E of Bryant, E 25 by N
CS: $10
Joseph \V. Barnps to Par-flic Improvement Com
pany, lot on W line of Custro street, 2K N of
veiitecnth. 8 2, NW 90:8, X a, hK to bt
ginning; $1.
.1: c b and Una Ilevman (by Oscar Ileyman, at
torucy), to l*ntricic .1. ( oakley, lot oa N line of
Twenty-third street, 250 W Of liofrman avenue i
(Kllen) W '25 by > 114. lot 174, Heyman Tract
slo.
William J. Sppar to Jane Ppear, undivided Vi of
lot on X line of Ke.irny sireet. 103:2y« 2* of
Ureenwlch. N 84:4 by E 137:6: *5.
Kftiinie M. ami Wlilliim H. Kaoe, V. R. Ehlpley
(KHtie). j ouigu liarroilliet (Kahei, L'brrie It. ne
dolia (Kabe) mid miie 1.. Allender (Keb-) to
Savings and 1/Oan Society, lot on •-> line ot Ll»v
s reet, 90 \V of Mojtsomery, VV 47:11 by b 69:9,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Uliam >1. Howard to same, lot on 8 line of
i C iv street. 90 W of iiontuumery. W 47:11, s
89:9, X 5 inches, s 59:9. X '20, N 69:9, E 27:6 N
59:9, quitclaim deed; Slu.
\V. li. 11. li»rt to M-cr.iund Wollberg, rerecord J
4U covenants '2oß: undivided 8-175 of all estHie
uDderaKre menlßilo lilythe b'oc*. dated l-'uo
ruary '20. 1896: »10.
Kdifnr N. .-noot to Oeor«e H. Bnclclnsham, lot
on NE corner* of 1' s rt-et and Tiveuiy-seventh ave
nue. i. »S:6 uy .\ 100: *10. •
Catherine Noonan to .Michael Noonan, lot on S
line of Precita place, 169 W of Columbia place W
23 by 8 100: gift.
Jones, Allen <k Co. lo ntonio CuDeo, lot on N\V
line of Ailin^lou street, 305 a>W of ituanoko S\V
30 by NW ir>. fid.
May L. PctersDii to James M. Peterson, lot on
SK corner of BenninKton and Kllert streeis, b"5
by h 101), block 10, Fulr's Subdivision Holly i'ark
slo.
nuu a 1). Fisher to John R. Bl.inchard, lot on
NX corner of lajl>os and ( api ol st.celr, -. -J5 by
N l"J0. block I*, 1 uiiicad Moniestrad Sift 6.
Krnes W. (juiitlier o fophle Uunther, lot ou se
line of Atnena, VOO MO of India avenue \K '25 hv
MX 100. block 69. stiver HHifhts: *10.
1 <lw.ird -V. Buchelderto Kate p. Kindred, Jlary
A. Patterson. Kmma i-. -Cnlhcart and Alice »i.
<iOOdtnan (o ie-sixlh each) and Rertlin P. Jiachei
der (one-tlifid). lot <>n \V line of \\ hit ney s! reet
V 75 S or J;atid«ll, '25 by W 1*25, beinz lot 1
b.ock 26, i-Hiriiioop.i: $10. : •< '
I. J. and Ci. F. C.audius to Crown imtilleries
C'-mpany (re-recora 1677 of deeds page '21) lot on
>X line of Palmer sre-t, '270 N\V of cnenerv
.\ \V .NX 95. ft.K'27, a\V 87:6, block 15, Fal'r
monntTiact; »10 . -,
rowii Distilleries Company to Lizzie Yu nicer
same; $lv. ■ *
James B. Isaa< s 10 F. P. Mitchel!. lot 1»7, block
84. Mission and Thiitieth slreet Homestead, on N
line ot heacon s reel. b6:»-K ot Carl. s. r iOrj
NW 152 ::( W 80. >X 149:1: *ao.
Joseph M. *nd Celli.ua ii. Kno.x (nee Isaacs) to
sauii-, aauie; $loc. '
AI.AMKDA COUXTV. .
tarah McKeoivn (by commissioner) to Illhernla
Savings and .Loan bociety, lot on S hue of William
street, 150 :7% ■of Wood. JS 45:6 »y 8 100:7v£
block 502, Oakland: «L'66J. ; /4p
K. and Mary A. Hackett (by commUsloner) to
samp, lot on W lin« of Jackson street, 1054 N of
Twelfth, X 10'J by W 173:ri, being In tract 254.
Oakland: $5412.
Fr.'rl M.. Andrew M. Marsioti and Crrce Camp
bell und Kate a. IlOHch to .Mary M. Campbell, all
j lntereit la lot on X line of Webster s;rf*>t, 4U6 N
I of Fourteentt . X io by X ISO, Oakland: nlsoall
interest in lot 26, block A. Teachers' Tract, Berke
ley ; io.
Contract ami Finance Company tn Northern
Railway company, lot beginnins at a point where
N line of n.- in of 'way of -an h ra:icisco and Oak
land Railroad inteisec s-N line of block 9. thence
\V io \V li:.»> of Trac; 40t>. the cc S to Its intersec
tion with N lino of said right of way, t Hence X to
be:?in> < a^and; $1.
Oakland JUnk of Sa\in«s to Francis J. Wood
wan!, 10, on .N\v line O f J- ieve:iili avenue, 13.\
NXotßrill Vl»ia,.X\V 14158, 10, Si. 142.
KW iO to begin in.-, block: C, P.ella Vista Park;
hlso ttie >t 20 feet of loi "9 and NW .V 0 :eet ot tot
28. block c, B<ji;a VJsta Pick. Knsi Oakland;
t350.
frauds J. nnd Dell C. Woodward to lir-rri<-tte
>j. i hamUerliu:), sim- • (two pieces), Oakland;
Willl.im Tayntnn io Susan K. Taynton, lor on X
line of Kssex street, l.i.i W of i^hattuck rvtnue,
WlSßb.' X i:OS. rifiiig lois 4, i>, lb and 17; also
the X y 2 < f 10. 6 and X I, oi lot 15, biock X, -S'evr
bury liac: iH-rkeiey; giiL
< liarlei A. and Aii'c- C. r.nlley to J- hannes H.
Jor^.-ns'-n, lot on W line of s»at> r«blo avenue, 15"
N of Cbannlog wajr, N 80 ly W 135, being tiitj
S 30 feet of lot IS, block j'.l", corrtcied map of
Haymoml I met. Herki-iey; s>.
'. urneUoa Uricson to .1. it. i-ittie, lot on SE
oorner of Jlrlstol >.n.t Second streets. X 58, .N
»I:U%, W 68, .s v 5:6 to beginning, por ion 10. 14.
block. Jft, Traol B, Herkeley L. ui:cl T. 1. Associa
tion. Berkeley: $6<!{).
BulMers' Contract*.
Andrew \V. Hose wiih ill- Hail Klevntor
Company, t'ievaior \vor» for a four-s'ory brick
b ihliiij; ai i_'i satter street, *I6UU; I'ercy Jc
llamiit..n. archliects.
Jl. Schuppert wlih Beck «V Miller, brick. iron
and stoni' work fora threH-slory i.rick bui diniton
N lin»- of .lai-Kson, 102:9 X of Stockton, n. r iGtlo:
a. c. Liiigens, archittct.
Hame with 1-rank Stelnmann, carpenter work,
etc , on same, $25U0: same architect.
i-et«?r Swemoa with Hannah HiOi.. to erect a
one-story Duildinc on .\" line of Cailiurnla street,
between First and seco.U avenues, $1500; W.
li. Armitagi'. an.'iiiteci.
HOTEL ARKIVALS.
NEW WKSTF.KX HOTEL
J I. Taylor. Mich J A Johnson. Minn
X J Jones <te \v, Alviso M J Dacteua. Fresno
W Mnltli, Fn>,no P Mavfoni, Chicago
J 1' • < an «t in, Minn M J Farrell it w. Seattle
Mis David, Cal J> Byrnes. Oakland
J H Kickel. .-«.n Jose J Ulwta, fau Jos*
I Clansen, saus«l!to J\V Veach w, 111
A C House-, sau Jose
LICK HOL'SK.
Mrs P Xlchol, sioikton Ur U l.lpcrmann, N J
if X Picket, Platerville J X uamtt, MarysvMe
J' C >:g i ye, Frcsuu .- C Klnp. Itanford
SI M bae iicn. or a I. Uorner, 3?a:tle
L ar i.., civs • Mn X b Urisco, Chico
<• II Jack son, Yuba City T uueul, Ferudale
L Ktunedy, Kureka i; L*-vi,-r, Kureku
C F Smnh, San Diego t- I' iJorsev, Grass Valley
J It Welca »t Vit, c»i C (j Juiinaon, San Jose
Baldwin JIOTKI-
J F Ueynclds, Oakland L Myers, Sacramento
E Howt-11. « asou City 11 Owons it w, N V
8 11 Fields it- w, i 1 Mrs I)r KOH, Peoria
-Mrs I-' a l.o».. Chicago ss W-Van >vcitel, N V
W Hi riley d: w, Merced U U Watson, hau Jose
Miss J B Wat'on, - Joie Miss L Watson, a Jose
<-■ M lluiiicr, salt Uu L'C itiomp<un w, Cal
C«J Koliz A v, Wis Mi.«s X II Foltz, Bostou
Miss k i rlncnaunj .Minn T B PritclMrd, Cal
Mrs J \v Paraon, Denver L G Hart', Salinas
v A johnson. I'.i-iiuing W M lteatou, Ohio
TPurlseu, Sacramento F HeriUKer, Si Helena
PaLaCK JU>: tl»
Tora Hriaokn, Japan Oeo C Sa'ch, Cblcago
C C Buds<r, sacto J! i. • >lmu, N V
»•• H Abadic, -■ Africa MraC C i:.idi;er, U»cto
P BeauUry. \ at L Homy. I'aris
.Mrs XX Al>, di»\s. Africa J J Valemiue. Uakland
J lrwln, i: > .\ v H Jordan. StanforU
X <• Kings, Victoria <; B lioman, H V "
it KUyde, Vis.ilia J H Nortoa, Loi Angeles
J Ure <t *( i.hlo . C X iJrak.-. Tucson
The Mis.-i'k tireKir, Ohio Morris Ruuniau, Mo
J F Dennis, Ken>> \V A Flxulgan. Pa
WainwnKhtPar.clc.XY l-tnesi Pe^cke, umaha .
Mis W A Flai.i^^n, Pa J T St;<T«nii, Angeles
L Chouilloo, France H Chapman, Mt-x.co
X F Preston, l'ortala J 1! IV-n^ts, s*a;ita v. rjz
Airs £. F I'r.ston. Portala
GRAXD HOTEL,
S P Poland. .San Jose L 11 Frankenheimer, Cal
»V Blank, I'or.lan<t Key - Hirst, Vullejo
W F Knox, sacramento F 1-. I'oiver, Los Angeles
X H-itor. Sacramenio \V J Lea <fc W, X V
Col T \» Brown, (tl J li Mci>aushran, Cal
E X siaile, >«n.fii<e F.I Brandon, San Jose
F -a> lor.:. Vallt]o II W La iK'uan, Cal
OPHlfm, l>rkeley J T llyan. Va lejo
J H Hardy, . koliama W H Moore, Vacaville
CII Falrall, Mcckton h M Bparrtvr, StOCKtaa
1' L 1 am>-. Mass E C l.uke &w, X Bedford
Mrs l» NlCßOtoon, 111 Mrs -«e.w;i«er, Chicago
X P Stacy. Mlnueapolls T > Ksrey. liitnfonl
J F l'arri'-re. l.os Ang CV. Keb^it, salinat
J B Iversnn. Sauuas U .. .McCord. liatiford
C M Hosi.ey. Vacaville X S Wachburs: <fc W, sac
X i.ruh.iui. • bico Mrs II W Laugenour&ch,
J A >ealf-y it w, R I Woodland
! Mrs H liHiruws, Cal C C Kusb, Kedcling
II A Vac.irll, LObispo A H Vucbcll. s L Oblspo
, <» H Jackson, YubaCiiy J I'a mer, Amador
W A Paiuier, Amador B J lluiculson, salt Lake
1J M Joimson. Los Au; A C Ul ♦• <fe w, Cal
Cll Ciilbfrt, Palo Alto .1 T Arffj-le f, MabO
iII Nftvrll .t w, h Lake i-. Dinkt-lsw.tl, Suisun
A C r.r dj:^s &w. Wls Ml«s i F Bridges. Wis
, Mrs \V W Wal»ins. J II BalMlon, i.iainl Isld
.Mflwank»e li a amlth, Cour.land
1 S J)orniun. Arcata
THE STOCK MARKET.
Ihe tifsl prices for mluins stocks yesterday
were geii'Tally lower than iboieof Monday. There
was consitl -rnb:e activity in Chollar on lie noon
hesslou a: v-cf.iiji. which showed an advance over
ilonday.
The Crown l'olut assessment falls delinquent la
ollice to-day.
The Alaska-Mexican Mining ComDHiiy has de
rlai.-.l a dividend of 10c per share, or $18,000,
payable on Hie 28th. 1 bis is lie tenth dividend.
The Ala*ka-Treadwcll Mining Company has de
clared tlie reguiar quarterly dividend of 37'/i>c per
.■>n. i re. or T5.U00, payable on tbe 28. h. This Is
the thirty second dividend.
Interest will be due and payable on the following
bonds In M*y: United sates fours (new Issue),
quarterly: lillson Ugtat und Poner .sixes, quar
lerlv: .Nati mH Vineyard Brat niortguga sixes,
j semi-annual; M\crampnlo l'< wer »n<l l.i-ht s x>-h,
i s.'ini-atiiiiiai: Southern P.iciflc I road of Califor
> nia nisi construction (KUorttiilred In to <1) lives,
seml-aonmal, und aprlug Valley Water fours,
quarterly.
i:i Ai.l' SALES.
— —
rniow'.-.c were ihe i«"«?s lit the San Franoueo
f-tock Fo»rrt .yesterday:
itn.iri.AU MORXINB SK«<IOX. rnVHICXCIW 9:80
--0C0 8e1cher... 315 4UJ UA U ..._2ft 10 I 5.N»T....46
SOU H7 IVOOOcddU. .I'd 3UO 45
ttJj vlu.ir Hi- luO Potosi 4" bOU Union C...
25U CCJcV... 1.5: i (HI vase... 17510 Utau_....tj«
3UO 1.51. 50 lbj^OO V tot* 27
L'&j l roiui....:i.ij I
AKTKKXOO2* HKSSIOX— '2 tIT.
200 B* 59 VUO Chollar... HA.N 90
lUU Caleda....i«|lOU couti.. .1.10 100 0c01dH....20
250 CC<tV...I.SS 2JO C • l oini....ab oUJ Potosl 66
100 l.bVl I
Kcllowinc wi>n >bu '•«•>'■> in the Pad tto Stock
tcardy«iterday:
200 AJpba 07|750 CC4V-.1.65 Occld 21
400 AIM Ob 400 1.52J^|2v00 20 j
»30J Andes. ..»2J .00 1.57 Vs -tOu 1»
20 i £e1c0rr...47 U Polnu. ..>i7»U OTrmD....U(S
400 i> -U0 Exchqr...O4 .0 1 >*utoai 45
60J i .v. 1i,...bb 1U« Ixtt: . _..25 ......50
200 tO 100 H<*N BBUOO 61 i
40(J >.011i0n....07i10U hOMOI t-«v»t».... 18 '
30'J Caleda....li> 300 Julia. 200 K8&M....04 I
'. (' ) ÜbaUa«w..Sß 2UO Jusilce...O n .Nev._...45
4UO Choir 9lt iOO Mexican.. 46 JOJ ui00... . I
300 „..„ »SI3UO 44'3u0 Utah 06 !
600 -8t 4'JJ Oohlr 95.00 1 J«CKt..2B J
10U C0nn.. .3.16 . .1 ) 91
**TKnNooN RBMIOV-2:T)
2no alt>\ii 07,'JJO ChoUar.. .9s 630 Oocrt 19
5110 A Ha. 06 J».) BJ> 00 Ophir . . 95
100 Andes 21 i.'i'j CC&V...1..M 4. H) uvrmu...
ViOO 22 100 1.571 -nj l*oioal b6
SOU B«lcn«r...3ti a) uiiiu ...l\ a 0 I naraj*. ... 1m
10!) h^a .... (■ »OU CrwnPS..S.UOI» n .n» 4tS
4(i'J P.iillinn. ■<<> I li.tf 26! 60 Stnrd. ...l .'. H
200 Caled 1. iOJ HAN 100 Union i%
700 : I 2y 2 _!HO Mexican- 44'10U I JIUU. .27
lUO Luliuue.. .'(0 Ny yn....0«i
CLOSINO OIOTATIONS,
TUkSDAY, April 27.4p.ic
j if. A tt- fit., Blil. Atl*\.
A!rh»rvw 06 07 ! .Jnitn. 04 ,r.
Alt*.... 06 17 ./untie* ..04 05
Andes. 21 2- Kentuolt....^. 05 ttf
Kelcher L 7 3b .Mexican 43 44
Eest <fe Belctis: 58 l>9' Nevada uneea. ' — (0
; i-il'.ai. n.. — It. Occidental..... 19 3u
liDllion 07 ObOplilr 94 05
laledoala. lit 14 overman.. u5 I*7
ChoUar «2 SSJl'ckmL......^. 54 55
con.CalJkVa... 1.66 IbO ravage. .„ 18 19
Cballencto Ooa. 33. 54 -corpion...._ C 3 '■ —
Con. liuperik. 01 Ui **-c. Belcaar... — 02
Contidence.... l.iO 1.15 yllver H.11L.... 01 \i
i vi. Km» i - o« is — bierr* -Nevai* 45 48
row Point... 33 34 -taadard I.OJ 1.64
KasiSierr&iN«/ — t< irBUOMIS). .._ — \,x
turm»i,'i),i.., — v. UniuuUuu...., 21 a3
r.xctieuu«r ... q.h \* cimu uft t«
ikiurrr- 'J.) 17 uiin*i*iW» l 6 *8
U<-iia..Notv:i'v t>u 91 ■ •'
tTOCK AM» BONO EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 27-2 r. U.
BXRD STATIC* HUSH*.
J,,-. .• >MU. ' Sl*!. >«'*l
C B4s cont>.n2Vjll3 \i t*»re«...109 -ltn /S
Louew u>buel^3i/ u - I
MlHC mt BsWUsl BnNM.
CMMOMMSJ.IU . — .Uakaas 5i.. — jn«
CalElecL6s — 130 I Load is 55... 10714110
CntraCWs< 96% l>6 Ommbnj tta.. 1203 4 122iA
Dpot-stez-cp' - 100 P&OKy6»/_ |1J
1-cxn l^t' 65127y 2 129 ' Ir&CbKytfs. 100»/ 10-.»4
>&CHUtte,H;6V% - Pwl-9tKß6«lld JIB
H«arv-»:H5i - lt'2 h«io,WUI. - 10l
iietoi\4iiuo — |»-tCtoP&I. - ioj
LOSAnic 92V<ilO0 ->ANPKS«.. 10/l-aloviA
J<oiint«^a Ct y&VaioO tPKKArixtli 9:i' s>3u
Mltt-stCt>ieti3l23i^l24 'i -PKKCaioi. 107 1071-«
Loltycon t»s.iutV 8 10bi^M'KKialo». Mi _ =
NatVlD&ilu — iuu -PBrHCaia*, 89»ilOO '
>'«vCNkK7s> - 105% t,V Water tf<. 117% i 118U
■ KyCai 8a.103^105 bVW*ter*«.l«l 1 * _ *
Mty cal 6«. — ' — BtktnO*JJ<»4 i»yi^i«o' yl
: .'> ■»A Tl "t btock*.
Contra Co^u S6 SSVuiSpru* Valley 87% 98
Marine*..-.. 60 fcW*!
••As AS» KLitlTßr" Tn'!Tt
CmpttM. _ 30 Paclflo LI it hi 49 61
Central phu, — sl'G&Klec. 14 S4Vs
i--.cc i.i;rii ■■■._, ]0 j<-anJ-ratiCaco -3/ a 2V 2
UakULdca 53v; f>4 oIocJUOU IS —
l«c om imp _ VJ
:NSCKANI C »TOCKt.
Flreman'sFrtltoVa — |
iovf« ..',. tK . ^:^' =T '^^,
A nrlo-cm . . . 50 ■ _ | First XawtonllHl —
£an«of Ual.. 237 V -'3S» ; London! l A. 1i!7V%131
C*lbX»J;iCoAu6 — ' ilerchiix.... l'< 4 " — ..:
'*' IV- KAVK PTO.'C«-
K»r^ALC<v.l34f) 1400 SavALoaa.. — 1"%
JlnmbSA.L.iioj ._ .security 2S'J 800
Mutua1....... S8" • 40 UulouTru*;.3 78 10C0
bts»*v Utiioa449 — j
. :;.,■ BTRKKT BAII.ROAn BTO"KV
California.... ri/, _ .uaKSLAUa/ — 101
Urarj-at 28 - U'reiud.u 4 61^
*»*»- *41/ 44V*
• .... - «totki.
Aitanu«ri... i« 17 imantCoa.... . 0 SOY,
Caliiorula..-. 80 110 «riu 40c 80c
luuitriiu.... 80 82%|
hi-x-i'.li.a v .-, . — ,-ct.
AlB»lca rtcrs 102 ll'SVa'Nat VlnOo,. - 7
t«er Lead Co. 100 140 hceanlcSSCo CO £4
iJa«C&^o.. 12V 8 liS/g!pacAuxF V •_' 3
Unictiaf^ v.i^ -.2 | I'acUoraxCw. 19 -
AlMiiXAaau.. 9j — jfurfi'juuiO t>l^ 6 r
ULKS-UUBMNU tohMtloS.
ttoard—
20 Alaska Packers* Association. 102 .'>o
-'■> liuichlnson S P Co.. :'> 25
100 Market-st Kan .'...*".*. .'.'.'..'.".'.'. 44 25
Bit n i* n—Hgiii ....'....*.".".".".* 250
Mr«-r:_ -
40 llntchlngon S P Co . .. . 22 12V«
100 do .ao .'. 22 00
62 S F Ga« & Electric C 0 .."..'."..""..'."". 94 00
KALK.-4— AUKRNUU.V 8M33105.
Street—
160 (>inni Powder C0n.:..... SO 00
$12,000 Market-at Ky Con CXBondi;".*. 106 25
95 .Mutual lectnc Lignt. si B0
»6000 S P Branch Kailwuv 80nd5.'... .".. 99 26
OCJSAN STKAMKKS,
I>nt-m of T>f- ptrt v !-•• From Snn FrnnrUeo.
;am k.k
DKSTI NATION. ;
HOI,<»
| PIKR.
numfr .....
Kmki i
ACapuicn...
Stateof Cal.
J'liirinM I
Orizaba '
M0n0wa1.... :
Jluniboiilt.. '
Sarita Rosa.
Pomona....
A reals i
City Pekin?
City i*uebia
AUlancbard
ChilkHt....
' too* Bay . .
Columbia. .. !
Corona
Nnno 1 .
Coo* Hay I
Newport
. Panama. ;
lorilnou |
Coos Hay I
Mexico I
Sydney '
' Hum bold ;
ban Dleiro... !
; HumboldtlJav
looi Kav
China A Janan
Vie A Put s»nu
UreKon ports..
H.el Kivar
>»-iTpor. ;
: l'or:!and
-an I)I<«eo
Urars Harbor
Apr '.81z Ml
Apr 28. Vau\
Apr 28,12 v
Apr VH.IUam
I Apr 29. ISm
Apr 29.1 (Jam
Apr 29, 2pm
I Apr 28, *r»t'
I Apr M. Hah
' Apt .10. '. rji
May 1.10 am
Ma.- 1. Ipm
May 1. ('am
M.y 1, 9a w
May 2. 9am
May 2. Jam
May 8.104 M
JliiT 4,11 am
May 4 12 M
I Pier I.J
I Pier II
1 I'M 8 9
fit- 'J4
I Pier 8
1 Pier 1 1
Pier 7
Pier S
Pier 1 1
Pie: 9
Pier 1 I
P M 88
Pier »
. PUT is
Pier II
Pi»f It
i'ler24
Pier 11
' Pier I
STKAMUKS TO AKKIVE.
HER
Kkom
J T It
tmn:* Kos»
Czarina
Mackinaw |
Del Nor;* |
A real*
San Bias
fomona._
looi Hay
Columbia
Doric
fcU110L...... I
Troclcee
I'rogieso
A .trfiltanifturtl i
i rink «t '
MlPt-ola
Walla Walla... i
Corona 
North Fore. ... ,
liumboldt j
Kiir«-Ka.. . .
Karallon
Departure Bay |
san Uiezu _
Cooj Hay ......
! Tacoma _
urays Huroor.
Coo^ Hay
Han am a j
Humuoldt Bay
Newport...
I'orilana
Chin&and Japan
jUravs Haroor ..........
I Ililamoolc Bay
I Seattle
i I on Ia ml
1 ".el Hlver '. !
T«com» !
' Victoria dr fu^ei souuj
' «an Diego
ilunibuiUi am*
i Humtiold: Bar j
NCVpOR. I
| V»(l", hi •
..Apr I'M
..Apr as
..Apt *8
..Apr SM
..Ape »'9
..Apr 29
! ..Apr I' 9
..Apr £9
Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 3D
..Apr bO
..Anr SO
..Apr 30
...May 1
L.IU7 I
May 2
1 . May a
..May 3
'..May a
May 4
! Mair 4
SL.N. MOON ANli XI.OK.
t-"J*rTWT» PTATIM COAST ATI) f!FOT>I r TtO FTTItVKT-
Tmra and llkiohts or Hioh ajtd Low
Waters at Fort Poin-t, Extsavoi to
fcAN Francisco Bat. Pcblishkd by Oiti-
ACTHORfTIT OF THIC 1-M.K :-N r N I)KX r
Not«— The blgti «nl low waters occar ai ths
City Front (Mlsstns-sireet Wharf) about twentr
live minute* later than at For: I'olui. lua tiei^Ui
of tide is tli» same a: boih placev.
April - iB»7.
WednesJair. April S8
fnn r!»«« 6.16|M00n rl*»». 3.19 am
Snnseis tt.&B|Moou sets. ...'..'
'I. W 1 ' H W I ■ I xx r ; H W I
16 J. 66 •Tl) 7T4H
-'7 VT.6O 1.4 8.55
28 3.53 1.0 r ».54
29; 4.0« 0.6 10.42
80 4.41 1 11.30
1 5 09,-0.2112.16;
4.0
4.0
I 4.1
4.1
! 3.81
! 3.6
I l-**\ LO ».3K| 477
! '-'.41! 1.4! ».(J7| 4.8
3. 1 4 1.7 9 36 1 50
8.41 il W.sB| 6.0
40* 2.ii IO.VOj 6.0
! 4.3.' i -J. Si 10 .40 1 5.0
Not*— In the above ezpoMMon of the tides tna
•arly morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of tbe day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
>ccnrs. Th» heights given are additions to tae
sonndlngs on the United States Coast hurvey
charts, except when a mlnas sign (— ) precedes the
r.'-ieh:. an.l then the number given Is subtractive
from the <1»n!h *sv<»n hv Mi» «*»virt«.
.Hunt n> ;.i \i;im r.N
A branc'a of the United states Hvdroarraphlo
1 Ofllca located in tbe MerchaatV EzcbaDse Is
maintained In Han Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and fre* of
ez Dense.
Navigators are cordlallr Invited to rliti th«
office, where complete sets ot charts and sailing
dlrec: lons of lh<» world are kept on bitnl or com
; panson and reference, and the latest Information
1 aan always be obtained regarding lljtbts, dangers
I to navigation and all matters of Interest to oceau
' commerce.
Tha tlma ball on top of the bulliVnz on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minute* before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received <-ach day* lrom the
United Stales Naral Ob>«rvaiory a. Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whethnr tha tlma ball wai
, dropped on time, or givln? tho error, if any, Is
publishes! the same day by the afternoon paper*
and by me morning papers the toaowlng Jay.
W. h. Huokks.
Ueutnnant. U. a. N.. In caarse. •
The Time Kail.
Bbakch Htsrooraphic Opfick, U.S. N.i
MKBCHANTS' EXCHAMIK V
an Francisco April 27. 1897. ) '
The time ball on Teiegrapa 1111. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 12l):a
meridian, or exactly at a c. v.. Green wlrh time.
W. s. Hughhs.
Ueutenan'. U. ti. N.. in charge.
SHIPriJiG LNTKLLIGKNOK.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, April 27.
Br »tmr Wellington, Sftlmnnd. 85 hours from
Departure Bay; 2400 tons coal, to X Dunsmmr
«v tM>ns.
•stiur City of fcvemt, Laverge, 77 hours from
Nnnatmo; 3577 tons coal, to John Kosenfeld's
Sons.
Slnir City of Puebla, Debney, 59% hours from
victor. a. etc.; pa.is and tudse, to Goodall, Ferk
lui .v i i>
strar ilomer. Jes«en, 41 hours from Coos I
Bay; pa«sanfl misp. to Oeo Fntch.
Btmr Jlivnl. Johnson, .<1 hours from Fort
liraKS: lumoe.-, to Samuel JJlalr.
smir Signal, Kondegarl, 3Vi days from South j
B-nd: lumber, 'o Si tup sun LnmterCo.
stmr ciulkat, Uuiiiiain. 25 hou.s from Eel
Hlver; pass aud mdje, tv XPsS Co.
stmr Unmboldt. Bonitield, 20 hoars from
Eureka; ti.*--, and mdse, to M Kailsti A Co.
' *>Cbr Czarioa, -chmalz. 16 days lrom Pirate
Cove: 118 M co-lfish, to Mclollam Fisbing and
TrndlngCo
Bchr Orion, Anderson, Miyfc days from Grays i
Harbor: lumber, to 8 E Slade Lumber Ca
Schr Fortuna, Kosich, 4 days from Grays Har
bor: lumb-r. to S X Lumbered
Schr Alary and Ida, Kistine, IB days from San
nak; .-C.OU codnj.i. to A as Codflsh «-O.
Schr Corinthian, Zadrtart, IS hours from Bow
en* Lamll.i* : lin rdi wood, to Bender Uroj.
Schr Daisy Ilowe. Olsen, 8 dnys from Coos
Bay; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co
Hchrßeulah, Johnson, 4Vi days from Wlllapa
Harbor; iiiiubu', to «impsou Lumoer Co.
>chr Lima U. Hums irom sealing cruise; 7i!9
sealskiiis. to 11 A Tnompion.
Cleared.
TUESDAY. April 27.
Btmr State of California, Green, Astoria; Gooi-
11. Perkins A Co.
Mmr Eureica, Parsons, ban Pedro; UoodaU. Par
kitlH & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Ilanseo. Eureka: Ch&rla>
Nelson.
Stmr President, Nelson, Karluk; Alasica Pack
ers Assn.
Br bar* Inveramsay. Cromble, Cape Towu; v
W McNear.
Schr Albert Meyer, Marshall, Kllllsnoo: Allen
<fc L'wis.
-cnrAnna, Erratt, -Mahukona; J D Spreckels
<fc Bros Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, April 27.
t-tmr Whltesboro. Johnson.
Mnir<4lr»r. l^lani. s nt-» eras.
Rmr Farallon. Roberts, Yaqulna Bay.
Stmr Lafjuna. Peterson.
■-tn.r ChilKat, Dunham. Eel Klver.
Mnir Alex Donran. Hlnkle, San Piego.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Kurelca. l :
. «ark Kuius fc. Wood, ..icU-od, Nanalma
• scbr Amer.can (Jtrl. Johnson, Bristol Bay.
schrMwry Ktta. Z.d.lart. Timber Cove.
Sclir Gem, Olsen. v\ illapa Harbor,
fcchr Momen-y, ileck. Bowens Landing. ,'••'.
'j flt>g|'U|>lllC.
rotxr I.OR v-v. April 27 -10 p. Weather
foscy: wind.W; v,w> .• .20 >u..s* = ,
Charter*. • v: \ , - 
" The bkto Kllkltat load, lumber at Port Gamble
for Honolulu: schr Prosper, lumber at Port Blake
ley for Yokobama, 38s 9d. "r ■T"™^*
■ Spoken.
PerScmbawa- -Apr 22— Lat 38 45 N. lons 1»2
12 \y, sti.p sterling, Ueuce Apr 15. lor Bristol Bay.
><>ui<>< i>- I'uru. .'. .
TaTOOSH— Passed Apr 26-stmr Mineola. hce
Apr 23, for Tacoma. Apr '27— Ura.iar Bristol,
hence Apr 'J l .', lor Victoria. .
KKDOKDO— Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Newsboy,
f>om Ustl. • . •
O&A.YB HARBOR— Sailed Apr 26-Stmr Del
Noru-. ior &vii tranciaco.
CASPAR— irc.vcu Apr 27— Stmr Jewel, from
San Pedro.
*»PttKKA— ArTl»wl Apr 27-Stmr Tillamook,
hence Apr 24: «imr Pomona, hence Apr 2U.
sailed Apr 27— stmr .Excelsior. fo»- Frun
cisro. ..- 
j MOKO BAY— Sailed Apr 27— Tug Tiger, ior San
i cisco. ,
TACOMA— sailed Apr 27-Bark Tidal Wave, for
I'ort Los a ngeles.
FOUL BKAUU-Arnvtfd Apr 27— Stmr Weeott.
hence Apr -.6.
STEWARTS I'olNT— Arrived Apr 27— Schr
Arc. lit? and l-o-itie, hence Apr 24.
COOs liAV-^Hiied Apr 1.7 — Czarina, for
j Shu irauuisco: s.mr Alice Blauchard, ior San
Francisco.
AT I LX — Arrived Apr 27-Stmr Progrdso, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-Sailed Apr 27-Scbr Arthur I.
lor .-an r rr.iicUio.
I TATOOSH Apr 27-Bark Highland
Li^ht. iruta Honolulu, for Pne»t SonnJ
SAJf Jji KC*O— »aii«.-.i A|,i 27— Schr Lott c Car
son, lor Knreka
ALKIu.N- arrived Apr Stmr Greenwojd.
h»'iu-f pr .0. . .'•■ _•
MENDOCINO— Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Pt Arena
liLiiie Apr -6.
BUWK.hS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 27-Sctir
Ear.inrn Ilernsler, ior Han l'fdro
PORT LOS ANOKLKS- ArriveJ Apr 27-Stmr
Alcaz.tr. from Point Arena.
Ballad Aur -7— sirur Alcazar, fortian Francisco.
Foreljju l'i.rt«.
WE^TPOP.T. N Z— Arrived Apr 26-Bark Hes
per, from Fieemamle.
Importations.
EF.LRIVKR-Per Chllkat- IUV2 kees 73 bxs
bntter, : bd spelts, '2 til Is tallow, '_" empty tanlcs,
1 cs essjs. 1 bz fro;s 21 bdls green hides, 1 sk tails,
3U cds wood. 1 cs dry goods. 6 cs mdse.
COOS BAY- Per Homer— f2O tons coal. 902 sks
potatoes, 1 baie oilcloth, 2 bales flannel, 2 cs
blankets.
KURKKA— Per Humboldt— s3.sl3 ft lumber.
1.9:<2.5U0 shinglei, 20 pk^s donkey engines. 14 cs
mdse, 93 skM potatoos, 85 bxs butter. 1 sk co n. 2
pkgs express, 1 bx fish, 5 bbls elder, 5 bxs type, 2
ti.ts ornnges.
VICTORIA— Per City of Poebla-333 cs and
pki:s stores nnd i;tocirie«. 309 is In es. Ibx
! U.-.ts. -J. s..scui:i. 9 pKgsmdse, 1460 rolls mat
tin?.
Vancouver— l 6 cs shoes, Ics drr goods, 80 bags
peppers, 25 cs nutiuee. 10 eh mace, 100 cs caisla,
50 buss shr.lx, 15 cs doves 7 cs hats, +76 odis
hidej an I pelu. {,;,-■
Juneaa— l sk ore, 1 pke mdse. 1 bx bullion, Ics
Instruments, is rolls carpet.
\V...n/et-l b.x 1 Da.v iurs, 2 bales skins.
Sumdum— s sks ore. !
I'uri 1 'owiiieml -11 y bdls hides, 2U cs mdse, 5 c«
clam*. 1 pkg express, 1 sk cola.
Seattle— U bxs fisb, 2 coop* chickens, 1079 ions
<oal. 167 pk«s tea, 1 cs dry goods. '2- ci cable s> 3
fixtures, 10 |>K%s express. 1 sc OOin, 2 bbU tal oiv,
•i s»s oysters, 5 sks ruetal, 81 bdls 294 roils pap«r,
40 n/iv a 1 -ii c 2c< ink. t>s9 bdls hldes,B Dkgs mui^,
20 b<11« broom handles.
. K.isc of Fargo via Tacoma— s cs hosiery, 3 bdls
box mu'.eiiul.
West of iarfco via Tacoma— l c\ cotton goods,
975 hf s-is fljur. 350 sks tUx, o pkgs saddlery, 2
c- Blnzbuins.
S".i.t!e via O R Ry— sks flour, 1301 copper
Ineots.
Tacoma— 6 rolls belting, 6 tubs butter, 35 pkgs
ba.h tub-t. 14 p.»gs covers, •£ a extract*. 1 cs
spice. 8 bdl ■ sacks, i cs ti »turvs. 1 cs drugs, Ics
Ink, 1 cs books, 800 bars UUiIOO.
Everett— ls bdls si cks. 383 bdls shooks. 700 bars
bullion, 1 pig mdse.
« <>ii«len->v
Per Humboldt-Pac fl: Lumber Co; A Fay *
Co: Chas Nelson; Albion Lumber Co; HDutarl;
G \V Flotcti.-r A Co: Marshall. Teggart&Co; John
Butler: Gray Mitchel.: ULieb-sACo; B Sim
nioiis: Maker <fe Hamilton; Whifaker <fc Ray
Co; LG Sresovlch & Co: ii Ha'ger; II U. Wtsron:
American Union Flsn to: . 0.1~0. Sweeney <fc Co;
Amer Preas Assn: C E Whitney A Cr>; Hills Bros:
Kowais.y & Co: Ross A Hewlett; Trojan Shir, ant
Co lar CO; Wells, Fargo «fc Co. Wheaton, Breoa A
Co.
Per Homer— O C& N Co: Erlanger A Galln«er:
McDonougb A Runyon ; Marshall, Teggart A Co; H
liarileiil: Thomas Lomnui ; Wul:o;»oa; W L
Cox: Bandon Woolen-mills.
Per City of Pu bia-Bnckinsham, Hecht Co:
Murphy, tirant A <o;Tiilniann A Bendel; rlest A
Co: Bissinser ACo: Alaska < mum -re. a. Co; JK
GarJuer; Gaul Powder Co; Wells, Farzo A Co: M.
M Stern; M .1 ltran lensi t.-l:: A Co: 1 C Lo a: L W
Muim: D N A E Walters; SawyerTannlngCo; C 8
FfChliPlmci : ond< 11. Pails aud American Bank;
I X L Jeffreys: T M Fereuson: Koyal Milling Co: H
I W lUrkims a Co: Selhy bmeltini: aud Lead Co; W
I Divis A Son: J H Newbauer A Co; Ure^ubaum.
Well A Michaels; Oregon Imp o: A Mueller A
Co: Kittle «fc Co; SSieuvater; C Aiooney: Duff A
lo: Krederlcksourg Brewery ; Ii Voeei«*r: Boston
! Wov n Hose and Rubber Co; Dairymen's Union; i
C X Whitney A Co: Oreat Araericau Tea Import-'
ln.j Co; J C Bitnrr A Co: Lam«on Con 8 s Co: Chas
liarlpy A Co: Payot, Upharu A Co; California her
tilizer Co: Noritier.i Lu.uberC'o; Everett Pulp A
Paper Co: Paritlc Coast Fi«h Co; Reed <fc Good
man: S H Frank Co: H Lewis: Sunset TAT
Co: Wleland Brewing Co: W H Walker: L AusL
Per rhliKat— F B iiaight: Brlgham, UoppeA Co:
Wlt Suniner A Co : a C Co: orde ; Kuss, Karlv &
Co: Whraton. Kreon <fc Co: Norton. Tt-iler »* Co;
; M Kaliih A Co; O B Smith A Co; S H Frank A Co;
1 >«ens 1 roi; C X Whun-y & Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STKAMEKS LEAVK BROADWAY An«
wharf, Shu Francisco, as follows:
For i.orts In Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, 1!1, 26-
-and every flfth day thereafter, a: 9 A. M.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Taroma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Hpllir.i?hani Bay. Wash.). 9a. m.
April 1,6.11, 16.21, 26 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. K.
R., at Taroma wt:h N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers. .
For Kurelca, Arcatn and Fields Landing (llurn-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 r. m.. April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18. 22, 26. SO and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cavucos,
j Port Harford (san Luis Obispo), Uaviota, "santa
I Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, e>an Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
April 4, 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, aiid every tourta
day thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Fort Hanorl
i (San Luis Obispo), Hanta Barbara, Fort Los An-
j feles. Redondo (Los Angeles) nnd Newport, 11
I a.m. April 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, ana every
tourth dny thereafter. ..'
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazntlan, L»
Par and Uuavina* (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, It)
a. m. April 29, June 2 and 2u of each month there
after.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, snillng dates and
hours or sailing: Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
' 10 Market Bt.. Sau FrancHav
THE'O.-R.&N.-CO..
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO I
PORTLAN ID
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 A . X,
1? \ T-JV/* 12 *"irst-cla«» \ Including
! rVJ.VXLJ\»o Second-class / berth <fc inelj
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
i Columbia April 'J3, May 3. 13, 23
State of California April 28, M«v 8. 18, '28
Through tickets and through baggage to a:.
Eas:ern points. Rates and iolderj ui.ou applicl-
, iK»n 10
1\ F. CONNOR. OeneraJ Asent.
630 Market street.
ROODAIjU PKRKINS*CO. Mip»rin:<TKl»'i •
fMßillNlfl T hes. s. MOXOWAI
fjbflfGfaV - '- l! - via HONOLULU
• t™" 3 •■ Ul<l AUCKLAND for :
L ™ - — *. SYDMs Y. Thursday.
0*^ — 1/\ April -29. 2 p. m.
SlßfimSnlD^ s. S. AUSTKALIAfor
CJlullllJlliy HONOLULU only
(OlTlßflrZih TuPsda y- May 18. at
Vyl.'r " lV! i 2 p. m. fcpecial party
rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, AUst.,and CAPETOWN,
boutii Africa.
J. tt SPRECKELS& BROS. CO., Aeents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight ofllce, 327 Market street, >an i-"r:iact*co.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL THAI! SATLA!TII|UfI
French Line to Havre.
nOMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH rytm
\J River, toot of Morton st. 1 ravelers by ■&*-'£]§
this line avoid both transit by English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. xs'ew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paru
first class 9160. second class 9116.
LA UASCOGNE May 1. 10 a w
LATOURAINK May 10a. m.
LA BRETAUNE May 15, 10 a. m
LA CHAM I'AONE ....Mar 22. 10 a. IT
L'ViiAM-OiJXK May 29. ioa.m.
SaP For further partlcnlars apply to
_•■•-_■;"■' A. FORGET. Agent.
No. S. Bowl| Green. New Yorle.
a^Jai C t> O^ A * eUt * * Monomer,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At U I*. >I. Daily. >rei|;ht received up
■ to n'.tn P. 31. 1 •
SB" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Hie only !in« selling through tickets aud giving
through freight rates to all points on Valley
RailroaO. . • -
SI'tAJIEKM
T. C. Walker. . J. D. Pet«ra,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton, j
• Telephone Mam 80S. Cso. Nay. aud Impu O*
FOaU. S. RAVYYARD AJD YALLEJO.
STEAMKi: "MONTICELLO,"
Mon., Tnes., Wed., Thuis. and Sat
..9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. *. (9 p. m ex. Than.)
Fridays 1 p.m., 9p. m
5unday5.....:. ....... ...;.;; 1O:3J a. m. and 8 p.m.
Landing and oltlcps. Mission Doc*. PierJ.
' Talepnone Hr»H-., HSI
FOR JOSE, LOH ATOS & saxtacriz
SI'r.AMEK ALVISO LKAVEs PIErl 1 DAILY
iSundays ezcepted) a. 10 a. m. Alviso daily
(Saturday execpted) at 7. r. M. Freight and
Pasaenger. Far* between Wan Francisco aoa
Aiviso, 60c; to Sau Jos*. 75c. Clay it. rwL
8U W, baaii Ciaw »v, b«a Jos* 7*. iW *
RATT.HOAD TRAVEC
SOI Tlll-lt^' PACVIO lOMPASY.
- , , (PAUIFIU tiaiH.)
I'rala* itau- i«n<l an <ln« to arrlte at .
SAN FUAIN<'I!S« O. I
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) *
LEAVE — Fbom April IS. 1397. — akriv»
•G:«Oa Nihs. Sau Joge anil Wsj; Stations... t>:-l 3
7:OOa Atlantio Hxptcm, Ogileu and Kaat.. H:4."»jp
7:UUa Henieia, Vi.caville, Itumsey. Sacra-
Biento, Oro'villo and Ketlding Tia
Davis../ 0:43?
7:30 a Martinez, Sanltamon.Vallejo. N'apa,
Oaliatosa and -Santa Itosa 6:13r
H::IOa Niles, Smi-Joae, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MaqmriUe, Chico,
Tehama ai:<i Keil JJlulV 4ilsf
•8:30 a Peters ami Milton *7:13p
»j««a New Orleans Kiprew. Merced, Fresno,
Vakeraiii'M, Biuita linrltara, I^s
Aiii;. Irs, Demlii}.', El Pa»o, New
Orleans nnd Bast 4:-|:jp
O:O«a Martin.;-, anil Stockton 4:4.1p
O:OOa VtOlejo • C:lsp
Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento Bl*BrBtO»nieni..» *i):OOp
l:OOp Xiles, San Joso r.nd Livermore l."s a
fl:3op Port CO3U and Way SUtions..; f?:43r
4:UOi> Martinez, Kali Uaiiion. \ullejo.
Ntil>a, Calktog*, V.I Verauo aud
SanUUoga »«1»A
4:O«i- Benieia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villu and Kacraiiienri 11:19 a
4i3«r Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Har-
ccd, Kaymmul (for Yosen.ite), and
Fresno, eoiug via Niles, returning
Tia Martintz 11:4.1 a
3:OOrLos Angeles Entreat, Tracy,
Fresno. Mojave (for Hanrisburg),
Sauta Uarliara and Los Augelni. 7:4»A
3:UOp ,Sanl:\ Wo Konte. Allanlic press
forMojavo anil Kast 7:4."» a
O:OOi» Kuroiieuii Mnil, Oj;.leii an«l lUist.... M»»
CiOiM- Uaywanla, Niltisunil Han Jose 7«40a
t7:O« i- Vallejo 17:45p
7:UOf Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
villu, Uo<ldiiig, Poitland, Pugct
* Sonn.ia.M IvTil .. • 11:15 a
SO LEAMlltll AMI IIAVUAKII.S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) \
»*0:OOa") ( 7:I."»A
M:OOa rose. Seminary Park, t'J:l}.v
U:OOa .... . . „, . . 10:43 a
Io.oua! r itrliburtr. Llrahurst, 11:43 a
t!l:OO\ j San Leamlro, South Saa 12:ir>p
: ' a:««P I Leandro, Estudillo, jalisp
t»:(>op y Lorenzo, Cherry -I 4:4.>p
l:OOp ' . ' t3:43p
5:OOp >IIU o:l.>i-
-5:30p I Haynards. 2 ! 1 3p
7:i>Op ' 8:45r
JJ:«Op i i Runs through to Niles. mSSSZ,
9:OOp , From Nllcm 1O:.»O|-
tfll:13pj trom:N U< - - { ttia:OOP
SAiM'A (KtZ UIVIMUa Onrrou Uaugcj.-
(Foot of Market Sti-eet.) .
]7:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Sauta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:o3p
H:-J3a ir.M'enti-i vill,',.S>in .lose.Feltou,
ljoulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Sfattiona si3«p
•2:15p Ne«vark. OenLcrvllle, San .lose, New
AliiKuli'ii, Fclton, Uookler Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
SUtions »II:«0a
4:l?ii' Newark. San Jose and Los l.'atn.s ... 9:"iO<
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom Sas FRiSCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 'J:iio 11:00a.u. 11:00 *2:00 |3:CO
•4:00 tS:CO ♦6:Cop.m.
FromO&KUKD— foot of Brosdwtv.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tI2:CO *l:00 J2:00 *3:00 %i:ZQ '3:00r.M.
C»AVI' I)IVIMO> (Iliird X Towiimmhl M».)
7:uOa San Jobo and Way SUtions (New
Aluiadeu Wednesdays only) 1:80f
9:OOA -Sun Joso, Tres Piiios, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic (irove. Paso Ilnblcs, Sau
Luis (Milspo, Cuadalnpe, burf and
rriucipal Way -SlHii-nis 4:13p
IO:4Oa Sim ,lo>;.' Mill Way Stations 6:30p
II::|Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:OOp
*X:3Up San Matt-o, Menlo Park. San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, .S;i\jtu Cruz,
Baliuaa,Montereyaiid]'acilicl<rnve IO:1Oa
*:t::ii»pSaii Jose and Way Stiifioim '.»:4-"»A
•4:3»i- San Jose Way Stations • 8:03 a
3:Uoi> San Joso and Principal Way Stations 43 a
0:»Op San Jose and AVay Statious H:33a
tll:4»p San Joee an.l Way Stations 1?:45p
A for Homing. P for Afternoon.
• Stuidays uxcepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
H Monday. Thui«lay ay.l Saturday nishts only.
SMFRAMSCO&SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market S6.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAVS-7:30, 9:00, 11.00 a.m.- 12-3 V
8:30, tat 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra irio
at 11:30 p. sc. Satardays— tiira trips at 1-5J
and 11:30 P. it
6DNDA VS-S 9:30, 11:00 a. v.; 1:30 l 3:3JL
5:00, 6:120 p. v.
„ r- S "J? K fa «l to San Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:aO. 1110 a. it s
12:45 3:40, 5:10 p.m. Saturdays-Extra trlpi
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 p. v.
SUNDAYS— S: 10, 9:40. 11:1 a. it; 1:40, 3:13 l
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
B«tweeu San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc sama
schedule as above.
San Francisco. Ip'u 26. | San PrandaOß.
Week j Bdn- I , es 1 t i i n ) J: lo _ Sun- I Wkk
Days. 1 days. destination. j DAya | I)Ayg^
7:30 am 8:00 am | Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 a!(
3:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm lU:25a«
6:10 pm 5:00 PM| Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 au
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyser ville,
3:30 pm 3:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm' 6:23 pjf
Pieta, \~ "
7:30 am Hopland <fc 10:25 am
3:30 pm | 8:00 am Vkiah. | 7:36 pm 6:22 p«
7 :30 am I j | ICM25 "am
! 8:00 am Guerne ville. 7:35 pm ,
3:30 PMj | j I 6:22 p»c
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am, 8:40 am
and
6:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10pm! 6:22 pm
7^30 am 1 8 :00 am | seba.itonol 110:40 AM 1 10:2 ■.
3:3opm|s:oopm| Se^topo l - | 6:10 pm| 6:22
s-taxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W<ms
Springs; at Geyservilie for Ska«r?s Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for HUlila-i
fprings, Kelseyvtlle, Soda Bay and t.akepor:: at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Sprlngj; a;
Ukmh for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs. Blui
Lakes, Laurel liell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, itiverslde, Llerley's. Buek-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Boonevllla,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brae?
Westport, TJsal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoM
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b«-
yond ban Kufael at half rates.
Ticket Offlcs. 650 Market st., Chronicle hulMln*
A. FOSTER. R.X.RVAS.
vrt> r. and Gen. 3!anag»r. G<»n. Pass. Agenb
Santa Fe
JL<I ill 1 LvUt . j^s&^jte^SK
TIIBIUOAVS thf first-
class i'ullman .«lpeptn«-car SSSfiiaiiKSSESsiWTI
leaving at 5 p. m. connects BBl>s<S^toß?S(B3
at Uaritovv with the Snnta ftffljt^\fi9^^^S-3
Fe liniltfd train carrying J^bLaJ^^^S'
<liiilnK-car. buffet Bn;okina- *Vv*s« : S^Bi»v3t : 'j
c»r and l'ullman palacf jff ~r&
drawins-room n!eeplnK-c»rs AaikarA<vQidA£ l
for fcoth t'hicago and St. " wi»« mt\^ >ll_p
LouU via Kansas City.
3U u»ya to Chicago or St. Louia.
4?£ D»y» to N«iv York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6p. m. Pullman pa' ace drawing,
room, also roc<l»r>i upholstered . tourist sleeplnv
cars, thr'Uth to hlcago via Kansas City. Annex
car* for Denver and St. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave everr
Tuesday; Ht- Paul excursions every >unday.
Ticket Ofnc*. 644 Mnrketi>*re«t, i nron»
\c\t- building. Xelaphonn Main 1531.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry).
Btoax Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, XS93,
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and .san Rafael— *7 :2s, •9-15.
11:U0a. m.. *1:45. 3:45. »6:16. •5:45 tf-30 P £.
Extra trips for Ban Uafael on Mondays.' Wedn-»
daya and Saturdays »t 11:30 p. m. «<">-»
SUNDAYS.
'^'.-"JJ. 1 Vall » nd s «n li»fael--8:OO, *10:01
•11.30 a. M.; •l : ; o. 3:00, *4:30. 6:loF m.
Trains marked • run to san Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8^' 0118 - 7525 * »->
THE sm nwm AiTfi) SAS joaouis
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAIV.
Fr v ( n a ttll< 15> 189?1 *»******! trains wIU
southbound." Stations. Nor:hboanci
'• 2 '' A M Stockton B-40 P m
: t?, A M Mercei... .....s 14p m!
11-Oa . M -...Fres.io.-.../....;.1:10 p st
ior intermeJiaie stations see Minn-table.
connectin? steamboats of ihe C. N. & I. Ca
leave Baniransisco and Stockton at 6 P. m. dally
connects at Merceu with ,taifesiro Snelilugi
Coultervil'.e Yosemif. Marlposa. etc.
TIOIT TMALPAIS. '
\VE!-.K Days— leaves. F. 9:» a. m 1-4%- w
_..lJft"'-nln K -Arrlv« B, f. 3:25 p 2.' e'-'O p 1
BI.NDAYS-Uaveiii-.BA. M 11:30 Jm i'S/pJ
B«ttirnlng-Arrive 8.F.1 :16j.i€.4:a0 P m! 7^5 £ £
Tickets for sale In Mill .vJTOy or ". 7 * S5 rUm
Mm v H ,? * CO ?£ * !SO * NS - 6 " Market sWaF.
1 MUI Valley and Mount Tamalpala Scenlo KaliwUROAMS THE HILLS
CLAD IN A SHEET
A Wild Man at Haywards
Is Now Being Pursued
by Hunters.
Approached a Lady's House and
Demanded a White Robe
of the Cook
After Hii D m nJ W.s Satisfid He
R?n Througj tie Town and
Disappeared.
Oakland OrricE Sax Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 27. \
' A genuine wile man of the wildest kind
is at this time roaming the hills back of i
Haywardi att red in nothing, but an ordi- j
nary sheet. He made his escape last night,
and it was thought that the bitter weather
and the cold wind of tho last twenty-four !
hours vould have forced him to seek shel- ,
ter before this time, but he is apparently
insensible to personal inconvenience and
desires lo roam the hills.
Last evening about 6 o'clock an mdi- ',
vidual, who was undoubtedly crazy, went
into Hay wards Park and divested himself I
of his clothing. He carefully roiled it up ,
and put it in a little hut whereiu are kept
the keeoer'a tools and then started to '■
Walk toward an adjoining house. i
Mrs. Hastings and lira. Qarretson, who ■
conduct the hostelry near the park, saw j
an uncanny object among the trees aad ■
Bent the Chinese coo£ to make an inspec- !
tion. The cool: was ratlier frightened, j
not knowing what he niipht rind, tut at j
lensth, after much talking, he was Der- i
euadeJ to go. The crazy man told him
that the Lojd had orderel him to wrap
h.s doming np and put it in the barn
and apply at the hotel for a _sheet or a '
large white tablecloth. The Chinaman
arjrued with t.'ie man and tried to induce
him to put on his garment?, but without |
success, and finally he returned to the '
Jadiei and toid them oi the only terms by
■which they could rid the park of its un- •
welcome guest.
A short council of war was held be- ;
tween the ladies and the cook, and it was
liually decided that if the lunatic could be !
bought off with a sheet the sacrifice would
be weli made. The Chinaman was given |
a clean white sheet and sent t6 the shiver
ing madman. The fellow received it,
wound it loo«ely over what few garments !
i.c was then wearine, and then walked |
through the main street of the town.
Soon the news spread that he was wild,
and an attempt was made to capture him,
Out be tied up B street and was able to
get away from all his pursuers.
To-day all the young fellows that have
nothing else to do organized themselves j
into little posses and went up in the can- ;
yons in the hope tLat they micht capture
the man robed in a sheet, but when night '
feli they had been unsuccessful. A couple
of deputy con-tables also joined in th«>
chase, ont accomplished no more than the >
other man-hunters.
PREPARING FOR A WAR.
>ynrr Batten ltecflrei Advice* of a
Startling Nature From the
Transvaal.
OAKLAND. Cal., April Henry Bat
ter?, the well-known mining man of the
Transvaal, who now resides in Oakland,
has received dispatches from South Africa
that are ominous. He has large interests
in that part of tiie world, and is kept well
posted on passing events in the Trans
vaal.
"I have received some advices from the
Transvaal," said Mr. Butters to-night,
"that are not at al! indicative of ] eace.
Tne people of Johannesburg are preparing
for an uprising. The Boers are fortifying
the country and are gathering in arms and
ammunition, and several gentlemen are
sending their wives away, realizing that
there is every indication of grave dangsr.
The popular d monstrations with which
Cecil Rhodes has been received do not
surprise those who have lived in South
Africa. He is the head and front of the
Cape Colonies, and his popularity is very
extensive. He is a great oreanizer, and
tho«e who bave already critic. zed the fact
that i.c plecid Schreiner in bis Cabinet
are mistaken, for the move showed his
snrewdness. Schreiner is a representa
tive of the anti-English, anti-progressive,
Hnti-everything element, and Rhodes pnt
him in the Cabinet with the object of win
nin- him and his people over.
. "My advices tell me that the conditions
at Jo. annesburg are far from assuring
just now. There is great depression of
business and bankruptcy stares many of
ihe dealer* in the face. A 1.-rge class of
idle men is in the town and the lack ol |
confidence prevents Industrie" from push- i
ing ahead. The fear of impending war
lias of course much to do with thi«, and
there must also be considered the change
in the plans resulting from this distrust.
For instance, the minine corporations ,
Biade their plans for 1807 on a basis of '
turninp out $500,000 in gold a month, !
•tvhereaa, owing io the uncertainty, they
ar«> not handling half of that amount.
"1 don't think Kruger is statesman
f-noush to rea.ize the present dangers that
are about him. He lias no advisers either
whose counsel would open his eyes, for he
is surrounded by oi ots who have an in
tense hatred for the Engiigh. His Secre
tary of State is an importation from Hol- .
land B J her ".* s not * progressive man
in his Cabinet.
MRS. CLUNE IS ANXIOUS.
Has Turned Detective and Hints at a
Great Story.
OAKLAND, Cal, Ap.il 27.-Mrs. Clune
is still working to try to discover who is
anxious that she should ba murdered.
Sne has a very complete theory as to tne
plot that underlies the mysteriou-s offer
to the Chinaman of $5000 to take her life.
"I shall do a liMie private detective
work myself," said Mrs. Clune thi» morn
ing, "and 1 do not doubt that I will bring
the proper person to jus'ice. This is no
trifl.ng matter. a:;d I know rnough to con
vince me that I must take good care of
luyself. Tnere .s an interesting story be
hind ull this, but I am not going to tell it
at present."
Honry Clay-High School Debate.
OAKLAND. Cal.. April I>7.— Next Fri
day afternoon the Henry Clay Debating
Society will meet in debate the nenior
t-ociety of the Oakland Hi?h School.
Those to represent the fi-nry Clay Society
are: George 8. Kvan = . Guv"];. Reynolds
and Bert L. Quayle. Their opponents of
he Hieh School society are: Y. Y. Eurle,
R. 1. Fisher and — Creed. The question
is, "Kesolveii, that the initiative and
referendum should be adopted by Cali
fornia."
A Wandering Mind.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 27.— Samuel M.
Spackman. who was Injured while at work
on he racetrack last August and after
ward disappeared, walked i*ito the Coro
ner's office to-day and assked: "Do you
recognize me?" Being answered in the
negative by Deputy Coroner Henry Qu.l
len ha >aid: "I am Samuel Montague
tyeckman. I called ia to letyoukuow
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
that lam still alive. I am a descendant
of the seven tribes of Israel," and some
other Biich remarks. Then he left. To
night he called at The Call office and
maie the same announcement.
He has been wandering ever since the
accident, and often leaves home unknown
to his relatives. He was recently pro
nounced safe to be at laree by the Sanity
Commissioners. His family is said to be
provided for throueh the cenerosity of
President T. H. Williams of the California
Jockey Club.
JUDGES ARE AT WAR.
Ilrrkele.v Justices' Fees Too Small.
Two Jiidgen Who Do Not Get Knnu h
to Pay Their Monthlj Expenses.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27.— The war
of the Berkeley Justices os the Peace for
the fees of trials has again broken out.
Each of the Justicos— C. R. Lord and J.
Gentry— claims that he does not make
: enough out of trying th^ criminals that
are caught in the university town to sup
port himself, and Judge Lord declares
that Marshal Lloyd is boycotting his
court in favor of that of Judge Gentry.
The latter, however, itates that his entire
monthly income is little more than $20.
Judge Lori has written to the Town
Trustees asking them to appoint him
Justice on salary, to try ail ca«es involv
j ing violations of town ordinances. In
this way he hopes to secure enough busi
; ness to pay for the time he gives to the
i business, but Justice Gentry has emphatic
objections to such procedure.
ihe two Berkeley Jast:c?s ara now on
fees. The amount *o' their incomes de
pends upon how many cases Marshal
■ Lloyd takes to their courts, and it is al
leged that the Marshal, who is a Demo
crat, has been taking an unfair proportion
of bis cases to the Democratic Judge
I Gentry.
j Jud^e Lord's proposition that he be put
; on salary has been referred by tne Town
Trustees to the Town Attorney and the
Finance Committee of the board.
i Fire Department.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27.— Fire Chief
A. L. Olt last night submitted to the
Town Trustees a report recommending
that a fire-alarm system be placed in the
town at once, to consist of at least twenty
boxes, also that two assistant chiefs be
appointed. Tne Chief declared that much
of the damage at recent fires could have
been avoided had proper preparation been
made beforehana.
To Be Hituminized.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27.— The Town
Trustees have uecided to bituminize Shat
tucK avenue, from Center street to Addi
son, being the block in which is the East
Berkeley railroad station. Work will bo
commenced at once, as specifications for
the job have been adoplea and a resolution
ordering the work has been passed.
<'hvi!<:laii Hume.
BERKELEY, Cal. April 27.— A Chris
tian Home is to be established in Berkeley
in connection with ;he Berkeley Bible
Seminary. The home will De for s'tndents
o: the seminary and other Christian stu
dents of all denominations and will be
under the supenntendency of Dr. S. M.
Jefferson, president of the" Berkeley Bible
Seminary.
MARRIED ON THE SLY
Miss Emma Earl and Potter
l Wo ds of B?rke!ey United
C!and°stinely.
Uakiown to Her Paren s the BniJe
Is L?d to the Altar in 0. Is
land.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27.— A pretty
ittle sensation was sprung to-day in the
line of matrimonial ventures. As a result
there is an anxious mother and a deter
mined father in Berkeley to-night. Miss
Emma Earl, who is well known in the
college town, wedded Potter Woods, a
railroad man, in Oakland this afternoon,
and after the ceremony the bride sent
word to her family that she had been mar
ried, and that by th« time the message
reached them the and her "hubby" irouli
be on their way to San Francisco. The
news came as a great shock to the mother,
who had been planning on a delightful
horue-weddine for her daughter. "As it
turned out. Miss Emma was wedded away
from home by i\ stranre minister, witli a
married sister, Mrs. F. W. King, as the
only family representative.
The enga2ement was to have|been pub
licly announced last Sunday morning by
consent of the parents, but the pair
changed their minds and did not give it
out. The bride's mother was much
enevod at the news of her daughter's
strange proceeding and in an interview to
night said that she was wholly at a loss to
know why Emma ran away to marry
Woods. "They have changed their minds
several times," said the mother, "about
their wedding arrangement and I hope
that they ore finally satisfied."
Heath Krlleves His SnfTering.
OAKLAND, Cal., Ajril 27.— William
Taynton, father of A. B. Taynton of
Berke.ey. died at 4 o'clock this morning
at Fabiola Hospital of injuries received on
Long wharf a lew days ago. Last Friday,
while at work repairing cars on the Lone
wharf, Taynton attempted to pass be
tween two cars. An engine at work
struck one of them and "kicked" it back
against tho other and caught the unfortn
nate man, severely crushing him. He
leaves a wife an<i nine children. He came
to California in 1647 after serving in the
Mexican War on the United States
steamship O iio, and had been with the
railroad company for ei?ht years. Tbe
inquest was held ai the family residence,
2029 Essex street, Berkeley, to-night and
a verdict of accidental death was returned.
Come* to the Scratch.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 27.— Hugh M.
Cameron recently criticized the City
Council's action in appropriating $50 for
each commissioner in a street opening.
Councilman Rome answered the article,
getting forth that it was to pay a surety
company lor the commissioners' bond,
and suegested mat the writer of the ar
tic.e put up the bond and the $50 would
be str.cke.i out of the ordinance. He
closed nis rejoinder with the words. "Now,
I want :o see whether Mr. Property-Owner
will flunk, a« 1 tnink he will."
To-n;t;ht Mr. Cameron answers with the
1 words:
I will state that I am ready to act as bonds
man and luruish a sufficient number of others
who will do the name a» soon ts the Council
strikes oui tbe 960 provision.
N«» I>u»t 'Wanted.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 27.-The Board
of Trustees of Emeryville has authorized
tne Town Clark to tolictt bids forsprink
linc the street.-. The work to begin at 5
p. m. on the following streets:
San Pablo Thirty-sixth street to Temescal
Creek; Adejiuc street, Tnlrty-sixth to the
creek; P*ralU, Thirty-sixth to San Pablo;
forty-third San Pablo to Adeline; Korty-lifih
,W«tlj to Adeline ; Forty-seventh. dan Pablo to
A lellTic; Ddlton, TentJi to Buy Bay street
FesbodTtolUUeck; H.lleck, aiv to Tenth •
Sixth, Dalt6n to HalU-ck. Tne above streeth
to be sprinkled .ridays and Saturday*- San
Pablo, Adeline. DaltOD, Bay and Powell it'rteu
are to b« sprinkled only on Wednesdays.
The Vat-go* Divorce Cnae.
OAKLAND, Cal , April27.— The trial in
the divorce proceedings of Louisa Vargos
against Joseph Vargo- is attracting con
siderablp att'-ntioi in Judge Ellsworth's
court. The plaintiff charges her spoii«e
•with ■ jealousy and cruelty. In return
Joseph. ti e I a cros*-complaint charging
his wi/e with improper conduct. Tn« tes
timony is badly mixed, each side making
a poor »h.owing. . |
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2S, 1897.
CALLING IN THE
DOGS OF WAR
No Present Fear of Blood
shed Among the Doughty
Supervisors.
Church and Roeth Draw Their
Seats Nearer Together
anl Say "Mr."
Resolutions Passed Honoring the Mem
ory of Bart Morg n— The Bridgj
Is in Statu Quo
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, April 27. f
Peaqe once more reigns in the hall
where the Supervisors meet and do busi
ness. For several weeks there have been
no open hostilities, and gradually the
chairs of Mr. Church and Mr. Koeth,
It h Now "Mr." Rceth and "Mr." Church.
which were pushed as far apart as possible
mx weeks ago, arc now coming together.
This morning when the Supervisors en
tere I tbe chamber there was not even a
suggestion of tbe naughty language and
threats used iast month, and tho two com
batants of the board addressed each other
as "Mr."
The veteran of the board, Tom Wells of
Dublin, looked with surprise at the greet
ing of the olj-time enemie?, and County
Clerk Jordan scratched his head with
amazement and would have torn his hair
but for the fact that he has none. •
When the Supervisors cot down to busi
ness a series of resolutions was introduced
honoring the memory of ex-Supervisor
Bart Morgan. After being read they were
passed unanimously, and an eneros-ed
copy will be setn to the dead man's
friend?.
A petition was presented by Judge Gib
son asking that a board c* horticultural
commissioners be appointed and that A.
D. Pryal be named on the board. James
P. Taylor, president of tbe Board of Trade,
spoke of the necessity of such a board and
the matter was taken under advisement.
County Auditor Whidden asked the
board to grant him additional clerks, aa
the new county government act places
much extra work on his office with uo
extra compensation. He also stated ho
would like to be given tor his quarters the
lower floor of the annex to tho Hail of
Records. This floor has so far been used
by the Board of Trade for a partial county
exhibit, but the ma.eriai already placed
there is so small that there would be
plenty of room f or both it and tbe Auditor.
The matter of tne county bridge across
the estuary was not taken up, but will be
considered during the week at a special
meeting. There is nothing new in the
proposition, but the time is limited when
work must be undertaken and as tbe rail
road and the Supervisors cannot a?ree on
NOT MUCH FIELD FOR RECRUITING.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 27.— There are two inconsistencies in this city at present which
certainly make it appear that Oakland is not a favorable field for the organization of an
array of unemployed. On the steps at the City Hall 'ieneral Kelly of Industrial army fame
nUhtly proclaims the injustice ex sting which causes men to be out of work when they
would like employment He ;s just now engaged in taking Issue with the re:orm ideas of
Chiet of Police Lloyd, and an interesting time is hnd every night in front of the City Hall.
On Eighth jttreet, all through tiie winter, the Associated Charities have conducted a
woodyard, the fund for starting which w»i p-.ovided by a benefit at last year's exposition.
For the past three wees* th!a woodyard has been closed bec-auss there were no people offer
ing to work m It, and jndgiu* by this standard the number of unemployed iv Oakland
willing to work must be few.
joint bridges it is practically conceded
that e.ich must act for itself.
PTOMAINE POISONING.
j A r.l'l Meets Itw Death From Using
Couden«ed Milk Containing
Poisonous Germs.
ALAMEDA, CaI., April 27. —The death of
the infant child of Mr.and Mrs. Jared Dodge
of 1424 Willow B'reet, in this city, from
the effects of being led condensed milk
containing poisonous germ?, has caused
quite a sensation. It appears that it be
! came necessary to feed the child almost
from its b.rth, and condensed milk was
used. One can was consumed, and then
a second was opened. Soon after the
child was taken violently ill and a doctor
was called, who after muuiry treated the
infant for ptomaine poisoning, but with
out avail, and it died. For some reason
t c matter wai kept very quiet. No death
tiotice was published, the undertaker did
not give out any information, ana it was
by the merest chance that the facts be
came public. The death certificate stated
plainly that death was due to "hemorr
hage enteri'is and acute bemorrhagic
nephritis with shock, all occasioned by
Ptomaine poisoning from change in con
densed milk."
No report was made to the Coroner,
! however, anl that official only learned of
■ the case by the publication. The heaith
j authorities have acted promptly in the
' matter to-day. The can of milk has been
{ obtained and wiJl be analyzed, and in the
■ meantime . n interdict has t,een put on
| ihat brand of the art.cle and its sale will
j not be permitted until the facts are a«cer"
tuined. Samples of the same brand will
be procured from al. the stores dealing
therein, so that no precaution may d« left
unfulfilled.
RECEPTION TO DE M'LEAN.
I A Large Number of Friends Aiiemble
to Grnet the P»«tor.
OAKLAND, Cal .April —The twentv
tiit anniversary of Dr. J. K. McLean'.*
pastoral work in Oakland was observed to
niglit with a reception to the venerable
pastor in the parlors of the First Con
gregational Church, with which be was
for a quarter of a century connected.
The invitations iisuedwere general, and
the church was filled with people anxious !
to do honor to their venerable friend and ■
pastor. Refreshments were served during I
the early part of the evening, after which
addresses were made by R. 'I. Chamber
lain, wiio presided; President Martin Kel
iosgof Berkeley. Professor I,e Conte, Pro
fessor J. B. McCnesney, Dr. W. C. Pond
of San Franci-coand Rev. C. W. Wendte.
Mi?s Ina D. Coolbrith read an original
poem written for the occasion.
Delinquent Tax Rolls.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 27.— The total
delinquent taxes of the ciiy a: the closing
of the office last evening of City Tax Col
lector Utlpin was $5441 75 of the first in
stallment and $7471 41 of the second. The
total collection on the la<t day was $26,
--874 47. ol which sum th« Adams'heirs paid
$2304 31 under protect, clniming that they
should only pay $1536 72. Tnis was the
county assessment ol the reduction after
being reiuced by tne Board of Equaliza
tion. The P.elmont Electric Company
Dni<i $743 24 under protest, because the
franchises were assessed &-, personal prop
erty instead of real.
The total sec->n * in«tallment collected
amounted to $217.3*2 96 Of the $10,
--898 06 delinquent on the first installment
$.3456 30 has been collected.
SAY HE LOOKS
LIKE EDWIN BOOTH
Rev. Dr. Boyer Forced to
Defend Himself From
the Press.
Should N.t Be Held Responsible
for His Un qm Facial
Expressioa.
His Dress Suit Has Not Offenied the
Tastes of the People <f the
Wild West.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,!
908 Broadway, Apnl 27. f
The notoriety given to Rev. Dr. Boyer
of Chicago by the Eastern pros*, whicn her
alded his coming to the coast by pro
claiming him to be the 'Edwin Eootn of
the pulpit,' has caased ihat gentleman
much annoyance. Every newspaper in
the State has bad something to say about
htm, mostly in the line of ridicuie, and a
poet of Fresno named Waterhouse broke
into verse a few days ago, all of which
has been calmly endured by Dr. Boyer
until to-day.
This afternoon he decided that the time
had come to call a halt, and when seen
•.:;:- afternoon lie said:
"Because of the unpleasant publicity at
tached to my appearance in this city, I
think lam justified in refuting some un
just insinuations. I am not responsible
lor tbe pseudonyms that the Eastern
press may have appended to ruy name,
nor am I reiponsible for any faciai resem
blance to the illustrious Booth. The an
nouncement that I was to appear with
diamond! is a financial incons;sience,
even were it my bad taste so to appear.
I have worn here a dress suit in
my ministrations, whicu is a common
custom in ihc East, and, to the credit of
the taste of the ueot«le of the West it has
caused no notice. For many years this
has been my manner ol apparel in Dublic
appearances. I regret that the super
ficiality of clothes couid have been pre
sumably my depenuenco on success.
Though a minister for ten years, I have
increasingly depended on the gospel of
Jesus Christ in the salvaiion of m;m, and
am confident that my continuance here
will at least impress my associates with
my absence of arrogance. I have not
been ambitious to be an actor. I have not
been ambitious to surpass tbe humblest
minister. My only ambition has been to
uplift the Christ."
"For many months my congregation
has succeeded without undue publicity, 1 '
said Rev. Edwards Davis, the pastor.
"The glaring announcements of ihe ad
vene 01 Dr. Royer of Chicago mortified
myself, because of a knowledge of the dis
pleasure that they would occasion my
friend. Since his arrival, tbongh there
have been comp.imentary notices of his
ability and worth, I fell confident that
with the constituency already secured
there n«ed be no resort to unusual adver
tisements. His ii'st Sunday nicht service
was attended by at) immense audience.
Throuchout the" week, though less than
■in the Sunday evening, the andiences
represented a cont nual increase, and on
the second Sunday many stood through
out the service. There have nlrrady been
about ten additions to the church, and by
the continuance of the present efficient
ministry of our evangelist I am confident
there will be a great ingathering of souls
for Christ.
"A man, though young as Dr. Boyer is,
who has held remarkable meetings in the
great citie* of our Nation, whose additions
have amounted in ten years to more than
8000 to the church, a man of scholarly elo
quence, with the united support of my
congregation and myself, cannot fail of
remarkable success in our city. As 1
have done h.therto, a;am I gladly ylve
unqualified indorsement and appreciation
of his power in the proclamation of the
gospol of God."
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
A Question a* to Huw It la AflVcted by
the I a iv Panned l.\ the L.agt
Legislature.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. April 27.— For some
unknown reason and through tome at
present unknown influence the last Legis
lature { asseu an act making the fire de
partments in all cities of ilia fifth class
volunteer organizations. Alameda be
longs to that class, and her Fire Depart
ment, as it has been conducted for many
years, is part volunteer and part paid.
Parties who have been looking the matter
up have been to the city officials and
raised the question whether under tbe law
those charged with dispensing tbe funds
of the city have any authority to ray out
any money to any member of tbe paid
department. They rotnt to the statute,
which is very explicit on the question.
In order to obtain information on the
matter tbe Attorney-General was com
municated with, and he replied that it
was tne business of the District Af.orney
to famish opinions on such questions,
and that if that official desired further in
formation he could apply to the Attornty-
General. No further steps were taken in
ihe premises, but a movement of some
sort is looked for.
If the law shall be upheld and tbe
authorities be forbidden from paying the
expenses of the paid department the city
wiil save about f 15,000 a year which It is
now paying out. The maintenance of the
department would tail upon the insurance
companies, so it is claimed, until such
time as the law cau be repealed or
amended.
So far nothing has been done beyond
discussing the probable scope of the law,
though some decided move is looked for
ere long.
FAVORING EOME TALENT.
Alameda Girls to Have Preference As
City School Teachers
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 27. —There is a
rule in the echoo; department of this city
not to employ any one as a teacher who
has not had at least two year? of practical
experience as a teacher. Director Brown
at the meeting of tiie Board of Education
this evening suggested doing away with
this rule so as to give the preference,
whenever a vacancy may occur, to Aa
tneda giris, graduates ol the Normal
School, even though they may not hare
had the practical experience as substitute
teachers. His idea was to uive theai posi
tions at $40 a month and take tnem on
trial for a year, as it were, such experi
ment to be essayed in primary r« well as
grammar grades The matter was referred
to the Committee on Rules for considera
tion, and no doubt will be favorably acted
upon by it.
To Exemplify a Sy tern
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 27— Miss Stone,
the teacher ot music in the scnools of this
city, was granted permission by the Board
of Education to attend the Maria County
School Teachers' Institute on the 3d and
4th of nut month, to exemplify before
that bidy the system as taught* in the
department of AlameJa city.
The State of Missouri contains 44 000,000
acres ot land, 17,000,000 of wiiicu are un
der cultivation.
Auction Saice
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Anc'ionpTs 31 an:l 33 Suiter Streat.
IVI.-1 '- <> ■••• 3lain HI.
EXECUTOR'S SALE!
THIS DAY.
Wednesday April 28. 189T
At 11 o'c'.oc-c a m., at Kes!d*nce,
913 -Valencia Street, Xear Twentieth,
....WE WILL SELL....
By order of \V. M. islo v. Rxecntor of the Es-
tate of Anna K. \V Im slow. I)ecea<fd.
THEFIXEPAULOK, Br-D.tUOM, LIBRARY
. ANI)BI.VInG-Ki Oil
PUR.KTITTJRE,
OOI.D Jh.WKLBY AM» DIAMOND-*; also one
Masniflcent Ko.<* wood-case T'k-Oct.vo l prictil
PXAKu, Knabe rauker.
KDWaRD S. dPKAR * c 0., Auctioneer!,
31 and 33 Mutter street.
ASSIGNEE'S SALE.
PROPER! V OF 11. C. SPATJLDIXG
.A.1 1 AUCTION 1
FRIDAY.
Friday April 30, 1537.
At 11 o'clock a. m. at
Corner Sixteenth and Valencia Str3ets,
By Order of Creditor*, wo will sell the Kntlr > StoCiC
of Horsei, Carriages. Buggies, %Vagonet:es, Carts,
surreys, Kxpresi an.l Delivery Waions, Ilarneai,
Robes, Blankets, etc.
Terms, Cash. H. G HOLMES, Assignee,
SULLIVAN" A nJYLE.
Offire— 327 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
SUPERVISORS WILL
TRAMP THE ROOFS
Metal- Workers Ask for
Changes in the Present
Specifications.
Claim Tbat the Fire- Proofing
Ordinances Are O.ten
Vioiated.
A Lively Meeting of the Fire Com
mittee Results in an In
vestigation-
Within a few days the strange fight of
a committee of the Board of Supervisors
trooping over the roofs of the business
portion of the City looking for defective
roofs and studying up specifications for
fireproof asphalt work may be seen.
The representatives of various com
panies that manufacture aspbaltnm roofs,
a number of metal-roofers ana the com
mittee held a protracted conference yester
day discussing the ordinance regarding
fireproof roofs with a view of amending
and improving it so as to be satisfactory
to all parties.
The metal-roofers claimed that the
aaphaltnm roofs permitted by the pr tsent
i ordinance are not fireproof and are so
tiimaily constructed as to be dangfcrous.
They said that in order to make roofs of
j that character thoroughly fin-proof :hey
I should be laid on a foundation uf til*, and
■ that a regulation to that effect should be
: added to the present specifications. One
I representative declared that Eastern com
panies were taking contracts for roofs at
! so low a figure that they could not live up
' to the specifications without losing money,
and that they haa cut wages to such an
, extent in their competition that metal
roofers could r.ot compete with them.
The speaker declared that several sam
j pies of asphalt work presented by the as
i phalt-workers had been specially prepared
j for the occasion, and that they were not
fair samples of the work done.
They produced several samples cut from
! the roofs of buildings, that they claimed
; were not good— up to specifications. One
j speaker claimed that tin roots were far
better and more durable than asphalt
1 roofs and that they would withstand heat
that would melt or entirely consume an
asphalt roof.
The asphalt roofers, on the other hand,
j claimed that their roofs were constructed
i according to specifications and when
! so laid were entirely firepro -f and that
j the proposed changes in the specifications
' would work a hardship on them.
Contradictions ana controversies be
tween the opposing partie* grew so warm
, that Chairman Britt of the committee hsd
j to use h'.s gavel frequently to preservo
j order.
Supervisor Devany finally moved that
the matter be laid over for two weeks to
give the committee an opportunity of
making a pe:sonal inspection of various
mo.s that had been cited as defective, and
this course was decided on.
Delegations from both the metal and as
phalt roofers will accompany the commit
tee when it makes its rounds.
MORGAN HAS A SCHEME.
He Will Op?n Kindergartens
for Religious Teach
ing.
Judga Talcott Says a Lawyer's Duty
Is to Prevent Litiga
tion.
Rev. Henry Victor Moraan has a plan
for evaneelizing this City by means of
Christian kindergartens. Mr. Morgan is
the pastor of the C'hr.stian Church of Ala
rue-ia, and Monday he laid hia kinder
garten scheme before the Christian Minis
ters' meeting, and a motion of indorse
ment was passed.
"My idea," said the Alameda pastor,
"is to open free kindergartens in various
pnrts of this City, where the children shail
receive religious a* well as secular instruc
tion. All the teachers will be certificated
kindergarteners, but they will he profess
ing Christians as well. In connection
with this a headquarters will be opened,
where working women can leave their
children during the day, and where chil
dren and adul:s can have access to a li
brary of religious iiterature."
Mr. Morgan is raising the money for his
scheme by monthly subscriptions, varying
from 25 cents to $150. He will open the
nrat kindergarten when the subscribers
number 1000, and he stated yesterday that
lie expected soon to reach the required
number. Rev. Edward T. Nesbet, for
merly pastorof the First Christian Church
of Oakland, is Mr. Morgan's organizer j
and assistant In the kindergarten scheme.
They will open an office in this City in n
few days, but its location is not yet deft*
nitely settled.
Rev. J. T. Warren read a paper at the
Presbyterian Ministerial Association on
"Evolution as It Stands Related to Chris
tian Truth." He maintain*^ that Chris
tian pastors should read the worKs of evo
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoxi's is a true,
beautifier , whose effects axe lasting. j
STREET & bitSSWILL,
BXRBU AucrioSEKHS, 9'J7 Market STRKKT.
Telephone Mint 3 552.
AN EXCELLfcN. OPPORTUNITY
K>K SAT.OON MKN".
BURKES ELEUANT SALOON,
Comer Valencia itn-l Twenty- -ixth St».,
WILL HE SOLD AT AUCTION
IHlii DAY.
Wednesday April 38, 1897,
At 11 O'clock A 1L ■.
tv,i Koes without saylns that tlie fnrnlshln^s of
mis saloon «re complete In every resnect an. of
the very hlche^t oraer. Tnere Is'nothini: In it out
or the first clas» It U one of the handsomest h:i
Dfst appointed saloons i:i the city, i rominently lo-
cal- a .in a w niHnufactu.iiif? dl^tria and doinu' a
HonrUhln? busiu s'*. cholc? sioilt in bulk orio
ootties: bandsuaie front an 1 back bar, nnd all the
necessary paraphernalia reg lslte in i» i.lace of
ihis description. Wi.l be sola at a who., or tn lots
to mil. Can be bon?ht at private sale before auc-
tion day. Call and iuapect the place, and tor fur-
ther informal on apply or write to F J. Bl'RKr.,
aiencia »nd u-enty sixth' stree:s, or to
A. L. C&fc.SSWICfcJj, Auctioneer.
Ternm rash.
t«e ad in Chronicle and Examiner. ."
ASSIGNEE'S sal .
TO- iV! OR ROW.
Thursday April 29. 18)7.
At 11 o'clock a. m., at Salesrooms.
1133 Market Street. I{ef..7.U and 8:h.
WE WILL SELL
Human Hair Hooas, ax Figures, AraberComin.
'O metic, Kace Powder, cur.mc Irons: 9tatiou>-rv
couslsclix of Lead Pencils, l'e;\\ Ink« 1- i vei-
I opes Book); 10 Me'scl-p aied showcasaa, Cou it-
ers, Minor*, Pic--.nr.- B oks ■tc IX-a er-tta^cu 1.0-
-t^e cii ,\s, LKVV <ft .... Anct oneer<.
l;itii'iii»ts i;i order ;o .ie ute them, "for
evolu;;oi," lie *a.«i, "strikes ai tne v rv
iooi of the doctrine ha.; man la under
moral obligations io God."
Ir. the discussion Key. Dr. Keichumdis
approved of pastors reaiiiug iiitidei works.
"At that rate," lie *n'a "a man ouj;ht to
read Vo taire, Payne and all the old and
modern athci-ts."
Rev. Dr. Bevier said: "If the Lord
choje '.o make the world by uion he
could. Ido not say lie did, bui iie could."
Tne Methodi't preachers' meeting was
addressee! by Judge Talcott of Alamcda
on "The Relation of the L?jral Pio ess;oi
to the Ministry." The Jud^e said tha
lawyers shoul i maintain as hfjrh a s and
ard of rigbt as ministers, and that ii wa
their bounden duty to prevent litigation.'
To Keep the Sabbath.
• The California State Saobath Associa
tion will hold its annual convention in the
First Congregational Churcb, Oakland, on
the 17th and 18th of May. A number o
distinguished speakers will deliver ad
dresses on subjects appropriate to the oc
casion. ■ . r •
GONE TO CRIPPLE GREEK.
Joseph T. Huril, the Defaulting City
Clerk, tin Kuure.
Marshal P. Karles left las; evening for
Cripple Creek, Colo., with Joseph T. Hud,
the defaulting City Clerk.
E. V. Atkinson, ttie Pullman conduc'or
to whom Hurd alleged he gave ssoo on the
train, called upon Chief Lees yesterday
morning and reiterated his emphatic de
nial of naving received any money from
Hurd.
Hurd was as emphatic in hU assertion
that he gave Atkinson the $500, and
M Mr-thai I Earles will consult the officials
at Cripple Creek on his arrival there as to
what action should be taken to recover the
money from Atkinson.
SUICIDE IN THE BRUSH.
Bcdy of an Unknown German
Anarchist Found in th°
Sand.
Left a Letter Glorying in the Red
Flag-He Was a Man of Some
Education.
John Sullivan of 228 Day street and
William Graham o! 419 Twenty-ninth
street while waiting yesterday among the
sand-dunes back of the Affiliated Col
leges found the badiy decomposed re
mains of a man lying in the brußh.
Close to the right hand of the coipse lay a
nickel-plated revolver that told a story of
suicide.
The features of the dead were unrecog
nizub'p, the unfortunate man having tak
en his life about two months before. The
body was taken to the Morgue and the
clothing searched. Three tickets of admis
sion to the World's Columbian Exposition
at Chicago, bearing different dates in the
month of October, 1893, werelound. Also
a letter wrkten in German evidently by
she decea»ed an i dated San Francisco,
February 10, 1897. not addressed to any
one and anarchistic and incoherent in
tone. Ii is signed "P. B."or "R, B." or
"U. B."
The handwriting is evidently that of an
educated man and one used to handling a
pen, the German characters being very
neatly formed and fluently written. The
letter speaks of the glory of the scarlet flag
of anarchism, and here and there are sen
tences in English reading as follows and
dovetailed into the German:
Inquiry Into the proper mode of rendering
the word of God In translating the sacred
scriptures into the Chinese language.
Also the following:
Francis Buchanan on the religion of the
Bramas in the Asiatic researches.
A Yn'.e key and a dark tortoise-shell
penknife were aiso found upon the body.
The clothing was of dark diagonal goods,
gaiter shoes and while shirt. The hair of
the deceased wa3 dark brown and curly.
KEW TO-DAT.'
|3j EXTRA
ra niH
■; UIU
H| Bourbon
v^P^'^^fe. has been
gH&JffIKBH family and
L .'J|l medicinal
1 •t.ctfTfyJi whiske y
I •* extra ■ h 1 for a
quarter-
>^^ : century.
uSJ-.R-'-tlm
T : *WMi\. jam Market St,
XZ ~~Mz£m * 11 Mapket st »
/^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JOg9Ma <; r3 « cabs *T. Established
fflllMi 1 'or the treatment of Private.
Tfl,iirtl fß* I'^t'i.s.s, L<wtManbrM.d. Debility or
SnOuS wearing on bodyandmindanft
*WEB H J" :DI « 1 «- 'I'hedocuircureswhen
\Bn|H" '''»il. Try him. Chitrge* lovr.
tTKUE9Hn<'nrri>Kuaraii(r<-(). tiiliorwrit*
i 8r, 4, V. vim*?*. U»x 1»57.5«0 Franctoci
1314
BONDS OF THE WICKED.
The Grand Jury Begins a Vigor
ous N sing Into Pol.cc
Court Affairs.
Cierk Foley's Chinese Bonds and the
Who c F. miliar M^ss Is Being
Gone; Into.
Tue Grand Jury yesterday began an in
vestigation of the giving and receiving
of bomis which have to do with the liber
ties of the multitude of the wicked who
have business with policemen and the
police courts.
Police Court bonds are always a mesa of
law. politics and pulls to which mystery
clings and which are good for an "investi
gation" any day. Out of the rights and
rivalries of Police Court attorneys has
come i he nerve force which has catib6cl
tb«- Grand Jury to strike as it has done.
There lias been bruitod about a story
that James Foley, a clerk in J udue Con
lan's Police Court, has been accepting
good-for-nothing bonds in ca-es of Chi
nese arres-ted by the police during raids
on gambling aena and so on. In all of
these cases the defendants have secured
dismissals or paid $3 fines, and there is no
charge or evidence that the City bus lost
any good money because oi the alieged
irregularities. However, the Grand Jury
i* goins; into a rigid investigation of Mr.
Foley's bonds and also into a more or les*
thorough investigation of the whole Police
Court bond business. Thi« will p obably
take up a good deal of the Grand Jury's
attention for a lew weeks.
The Grand Jury at its session yester
day took the new matter up by unani
mous consent. Clerk Foley responded to a
summons with all the bonds tie has issued
during March and April. But six of these
were gone 'horoueh.y into at the session.
Foley testified that in ai! aes he was
duly satisfied of the suffic encj of the
security. Pong Ding, the offic al investi
gator of Cliinese bonds, was examined for i
a IsW minutes.
It :s said that the bonds issued by Foley
will show technical irregularities, due to
carelessness and so on, which would in
validate some of them if an action for re
covery were brought, but that iie and
his bonds are no better or worse th:in the
rest of the Police Court bond mess, which
generally deserve a shaking up and a
straigh^enini: out. If a Pol cc Court bond
goe< lame and tioes wrong and uet~ be
fou.ed it must be remembered that with
all ihi* district/politics end all these pulls
afld with the bigh poiiiical values of the
sinful and lowly tliere are strong tempta
tions about the w;de jjate. The Grand
Jury then properly becomes an elevating
influence and this is expecied to be the
outcome oJ the investigation which is
now being rcpeate.i.
The Grand Jury will indict nobody, but
will finii many irregularities, much care
lessness, some things that loon suspicious,
i bines that are wrong in the laws, and will '
report accordingly, thus Dulling th'; lines '■
lighter lor a little time and affording a '
little healthful ventilation. More wit
nesses will be examined on Friday.
SAN FRANCISCO •'CALL."
prPfVKss OFFICEof theßan FranrincoCAl.l^
710 Market street, opeo until 12 o'clock every
BlgM in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
ccrrer Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street, open until B:3oo'doefc.
615 i arkin street: open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corn»r Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until P o'clock.
2618 Mtsa.on street-, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth strett; open un'.ll 9:30 o'clock.
' 1i.05 Po!k street: open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-secon.l and Kentucky
■trept*: op»n t!ll 9 o'clock.
KOTICii UK MEKTINGS.
■ Sifc^S- EXCKLSIOR LODGE NO. 16G. F. m
•-Jc^ A A. M— special meeting THIS Ji
(W£li.\E-DAY) EVENING, April 2a at^'XT
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. /\^\
THEO. h. SMITH. Secretary.
gr^Sp MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. <fc m
, w^S' A M. — Called meeting THIs «k
(WKDNESi'AY) KVESiNQ at 7:;o\S3r
o'cl<ck. Third degree. By order of ihc/VN I
"; w -■' ■ V. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
UTie* CKOCKETT I.ODGK NO. 139, f. •
• sJ *' and A. Ca'led meeting THIS £\
(WKDNK-l)AV) EVENING nl 7:30 < \Tlr
o'clock. D. 2. JL.. • order of :he W. if. /V>
,_ H. ruRTKIEDE. Secretary.
STkr* TliE OFFICERS AXI)iIEMKKBS »-,«_, I
I*--*' o: Boadccia Druidic ( Ircc No. a nrPlf-^f
hereby notified io asiemble a: their hall. 413 XtS '
Mitter s:.,oriTUUl-.S»DAY, April '29. at 1 p.m.
for tho purpose of Mteodtng the funeral . f our 1 te
or<> her. Fast Arch Druid PJIILL.IP ROHR-
BACHKK. the Supreme Arch U. A. O. D. of the
Lniti-d states.
.IKNMK MARINO, Arch Druidess.
John Hitton, Secretary.
ft^= U. A. U. D.— TO ALL GROVES mjli-jj I
»^& ordina;e -o the Grand Grove of Califor-rX?
nla: You ar r- quesitd to attend ihe funeral of-"- I*our1 *-
our late brctUtr. I'HiLIP RUHKh/.i'llhl; Su- i
j.reme Arch of U. B. and i\ 18 i Noble Grand Arch
of California, from his late reafdence, :<lO Fulton
lU. at 1 p. M . tliente io Druids' Hall, 413 suuer
St.. at p. m, under the auspices of the Grand
Urove of U. a. O. v.. Internjeiu Odd fellows'
Ct metery. By order. J. A. DEVOTO, N. G. A.
J. J. -V. oi.r.iaoN. Sea
g^S" THE OFFICERS AND MEM HKRiS.- m
I*-*' of Hartna^ie Eiupreiue Arch ChapterJKO
• " 3. U. A. v. D.. are hereby notified ti>aß- W
semble at their hall. 413 Butter St., THURSDa V,
April _9, at 1 o'clock sharp, for tie purpose of at-
ten-Jlniz the fu!ieral of our late brother. Supreme
Arch ROHKBACHER.
ALKEKT HALL, Chief Druid.
JOHN Hdttojt. r-ecr«-tarj-.
fr^K=- HESPERIAN GROVE NO. 15. U. »»o
»- jS ' A. ■>. D — Tv the ollicer* ar;d raerawr»:HO
lou are requr sted to attei th>- funeral oJ our* !
late brother, P. ROHRR-VCHER. p. m '..from I
Druids' Jiail. 413 Sutterst-, THURSDAY, April !
29, at 2p. m. Finps for non-a'terdauce will be I
• h rictly enfcrced. In;ermeiu odd Fellows' Ceme-
te V T By Order H. -MENKK, N. A.
J. J. Mo.lisox, secretary.
B^S» THE IRISH NATIONALIST- 0
"^ and their friends are cordially Invited K>k
to attend ihe iwenjy-eighlh grand aniiuai tv:-\^KA
union and picnic given under the auspices of
the Knights of tne Red Branch in .Shell Mound
Pari, Beriieley, ou SUNDAY. May 2. "
THE COMMITTEE.
g^= ANNI MEETING-THE REGULAR
&-^ annual meeting of slockhoid.rs '.f the
Huichinson Ml,-ar Plantation Company will be
hv.d attl.eothceof th- company. 327 Market St.. ,
s;in hraiici->tu, California, on TDKBI>AY the lltn
day of May. 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a m
for tue purpose of elertlnga board ..ire tor's to '
forth, -nsuing year and the iranim-tlnn of
such other busi nfts «s may come b«fore t c meet,
in*. Tr«uBfer books will close Friday, Ai.rll 30-
-at 3 O'clock p. m. K.H. sUKLb, f-Uietary.
SPKCIAL NOTICKS. •
Ct^S THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
■*--*' Asylum and Home icie y hereby «ive
notice tbat they have admitted 1 to the orpbanace
from Januar 1, 897, to «latr, ihe following half-
orphan girls andl boys. viz : v.d Jo«epn aged
10 years 10 months: Kobert Joseph, aged 8 years
6 nion.bs: Milton Juresch, aged 3 veara- Dottle.
Mayer, ig-d 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3
years: William S.,verman, aseed 13 years: David
Pl.Vi-rrnan, a^ed 11 years; Jiseph SllVfrman, i-ged
8 years: Alberi Silverman. a«ed 4 years 6 montiis-
Arthur Deuttb, aged 10 years; Rul|.h Deutch
a.ed H years.
f£7S=- C. I> TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
. >*^ fc^ io redeem trunk at 1654 Market st.
fc^> «AI) TENANTS KJHCTKI* FOH S4:
■r-"' 'Ollectionn made: city or country. Pacific
tullrcllon Co. 415 Montiry r;. room b: lei. T.SHO.
SITIATIONS WA>TED-FKMAtE!
SWEDISH HOfJSKGIRL; GOOD COOK AND
kJ laundress; bes- or ref-rence: city or country;
1 »20. MRS. NORTON, 314 Suiter.
Jj*XFK lE N C K I) NURSE WISHES A SITUA-
■> (ton; taKe charge ot infant or Invalid, assist
lady with general housework or any other ilutl^s:
CO)1 seamstress: references. Address E. N.box
OS, v all otlice. ■ :' _• ..,
■liriDwW WISHES gkntlf.mjjn's PLAIN
oVo H -; nlnK: no t " xtra cnar g« for m.nding. Call
ill X dy st., room 2, basement, bet. 10 a. if. and
8 P. M
pOMPETENT G E RMA N WOMAN, ITH
\J .daughter ing to school, desires situation; is
good coos a id seaniine.s; wa-es *10 lo «15. Ad-
dr/>es B. E., bo.x 148, Call Office.
rpWO SWEDISH GIRLS WANT SITUA-
J. *ions to cio zeneral housewcr;; citr or country,
l.ease call at 31Mb >nn JoBe ay -- te - Twentv-
tif.haLd Tvtenty-s.x.hati. "
Y ol "- man woman WOULD IIKK
ply%W Bryan t .tl rODID ** n<l housecleaning. a.o-
ply ll>aa Bryant »v * r
FTTrATIONS WANTED-ContyinM.
yOUXG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
X as second girl or for general hocsework: no
wash.ng or kitchen work. TU. IL, 14^4 Franklin
St., >. aklaud.
p ERMAN OIRli WISHES A PLACK TO DO
V* cooklug and housework. Address 1310 Jack-
son st.
pEsPECTABLE GIRL. WOULD LIKE TO DO
It chamberwork and'sening or liuh; housework.
Please call 645 Jessie St., near Seventh.
SITUATION W STED BY YOU.NG GIRL TO
O take care of children and atsist in housework.
Apply 108 Linden aye., oil Frank. s .
} 'X:'EKIKNCKI> GIiRMAN LADY. WISHES
li iiosition in dclica y department; tirst-class
carv, r. Call at 1525 l'lne »l-
-■ptFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKK
Jt .-,11 nation as DUraear governess; plain sewing.
627 iiush St.. near Powi-11.
\7-OUNO LADY WI-HES POSITION AS
X iiousekeeper. Call 120 a Eddy st, room 7.
yOU.NG GIRL WOI'LD LIKE TO DO HOUSE-
X work. 237 Lexington aye.
WASHING. IRONING. HOUSECLEANING
II by th. day. 8 -.Uuua st., rear.
ERMAN UIKi. WOULD LIKM SITUATION
v 1 for cooking and downstairs work. 19 Foisom
avenue.
\\' OMAN WAN IS WoRK IN a SMALL
»' iiiiniiy; good tilain <ook. or H.'iild tuki- care
of a house. 4,1 v i;low aye., near i UU st.
POSITION .»S HOUSEKI EPEK OK &TEW-
X unlr-s ou deep-water vessel. Room 12, 109
Grant aye.
/■IOOD SEAMSTRESS DESIRES FAMILY
' 1 s<- iiik and ctiiidrcn's clothes; $125 per day.
Address M-Jfti B. 0., 3331 N lueteenth st.
Ri.LIABLEWIMAN WISHES SITUATION:
Jl aooa cools: w.inld do light housework; piain
washing; klii'l .o children; moderate w^ges: cty
or -.iiort distance iv country. -7 ,3 J-'ourtii at.,ovc'r
tloritt.
posir.ON as HOUSEKEEPER, PKIVATK
I family, or c»-l«:»nL matron in illi itutio.-i: hove
had yeur.-t of exi.eri nc- as invalids' nurse aud
house Keeper. 1612 Vallejost.
LAD\ WOULD LIKE BABY io WETNURSE
1.1 noiii'- ; best of reference. 206 Fourteenth
St. downstairs.
IDoW .FROM COUNTRY WISHES A PoS;-
-»» lion as housrk-ep« r for widower or bachelor;
win do me din.:, Call after 12, 120 Kills si., room
17. SeCoud floor.
\ I IDDLE-AGEK WOMAN WANTS POSITION
-»l to take care oflady and do light work. Ad-
dress 930 Filoert st.
I) KoPECTABLF. WOMAN TOGOOTJT BY THE
t <tav to <to washing, irouine or cleaning. Apply
4 0 L ilon «U
y-D.NGOKRMAS GIRL WISHES A PLACE
X for v;. stairs work or children. Apply 24
Kleventh su
pROI KSTAN 1 GIRL, 16 YEARS, SITUATION
X 10 do lisht housework In nice fanilW-. Address
or call v- 1625 <. hurcn st. a near Twenly-ntuth. ■
p«Ei MAN i.IHi, 15 YKAKBOLD, WISHES A
VJT plu.ee io do li.lit houst-wort or iau.e cure of
one elilld. l'JuTi-s Sco'.t St.. bet. Eady »nd Ellis.
SWEDI-H GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO GKN-
tral housework. Aodress 371 Minna st.
SITUATION ANTED TO DO HOUSKCLKAN-
ing and wash nc. 1205 Steluer, upstairs.
yOI'.NC L.vl)! (PABISIAK) IN RI-.DI'Ci I)
X circnnistiiiu i would II <c housekeeper's
place; bote., tiacholor'a or widower's home pre-
ferred. 1122 Markei si., room 31.
AC OMPLISHKD AND I.KFINKD YOUNG
-TV. lady tFrerch) wantl a housekeeper's place:
would like place as companion. Ko'>ru S, 223 Post.
tMHST-CLASS WOMAN, U-ED TO RKSTAU-
rant work, would like to coak, w aih dishes and
m«»« herself useful. 214 Fouith St., upstairs.
TTOUKO WIDOW DESIRKS POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 121 .Montgomery st., rooru 8. "
-yOU OIRL WHO SPEAK , reads AND
X wrltts the German end Bnslish language! ier-
fectly wishes a position in ci:y as companio-j, ta-
<a i- of chi:dte . o- upstairs nor>. Call at 105
Capp 3t., ne. r --]-\;e°uth
yOCXG LADY WISHES POSITION as
X veper, or will do plain sewing. 8-' l Mis-
sion st,. room S.
Si ko kg you no DANISH GIKL wishks
work by the cuiyi washing, Ironing or house-
cleaning. Appiy 1331 Fulton su
VTEAT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITU ATION
->■' in sma'.i family to do general housework; good
•ook: excellent references. Address 6i3 Ninth
st , Oakland.
"yOUNCJ NORWEGIAN GIRL DhSIKES A
X place in n Chiis.ian family to do general house-,
wort. 127 Folsom st.
* MIABI.E AND ACCOMPLISHED TOUKG
-TV Freoch widow desires permanent position as
housekeeper In ho:el, oa:helor's or widower's
j home; no objecion to country, K.2, l2oi^Geary.
yOU.NG LADY PREPOSSESSING AND XX.
X Bi ed wants a place in bach-lor's or widoaer's
| home ,-s housekeeper; no obj.ction to country.
223 Post s:., rooms 8 and 9.
POSITION DESIRED AS COMPANION AND
X nurse ith In valid or aged iauy; medical reter -
ences. l&.iO Eddy st.; uf'.i-rnof):is
CCOMPi.I>HED AND RKKINED VOUNO
J\ lady (French) desires a housekeeper's place,
Or will o>; compunion. 12ii Poit st.. room 2.
\ f'l r LAItKIN— BKANCIi OFFICE Ur THE
j KJXO CAIiL. Subscriptions and. went ads taken.
you.No eastern widow, experiknckd
X es hous-keepir. desires a piace in I'otfl, bach-
e or's or wiaow#r*a hf>tot!; no oojection 10 coud-
try- 223 i'ost st., room 1.
OMAN WANTS WASHING BY TIIK DAT;
»» $1 and carfare. Chll 717 Tehama st., rr. Bth.
|^ABIRRN WIDOW. LA I E OF FIFTH ST.,
xj desires position as housekeeper. -Md Eddy St.,
room 12.
VTOUKG. ATTRACTIVE WIDOW WOULD
X liX« a sitn:<tion as housekeeper: city or coun-
try. Apnly 138 Fourth st.. room 4.
RE NE D YOUNG LADY WISHES PO-I-
-XV tion n« a companion; best of references. Call
1111 --.utter st.
yOU.NO LADY DESIRES A POSITION AS
X nurse to an 1: va'id. helpless person or an in-
fant. Address 2805 Sixteenth su, cor. Folsom.
■yOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE EASTERN
X lady desires permanent plac° in I ache.'or's or
widower's horae as liotis<-keeper: no objection to
children. 2^3 Post su, room 11, second floor.
SW UOR. MXTEKNTH bT.. NK.U MIS
< Oftion; ' braccn orßce of Tv« Calx. buo-
ctripllons cr.d arant ads tnk'-n.
EXPEIiIFNCKD HOUsEKEEPKK WOULD
like 1.0-itun In widower's or bachelor's house-
bold; I courtry preferred. Ap;;ly 88 Ninth St.,
room 17: Cull after 1 1 a. If
AsiTKItN YOUNG LADY. ACCOMPLI- HKD
«ni experienced, wants a placf as housekeeper
in bachelor's or widower's 'home. Room '£, 223
! Post st.
RKSPKCIABLK QEKitAN MIDDLK-AGED
man and wife v. ish position.^ in ooa:d;n^-
house: wlte rood co"k: man todochoies. Apivly
I this oflice or 130 Second hi.
■yuUNG LADY (PAKISTAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's lace: good i!isposi:lon: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor.- home; city
i orcoun.ry. Kooms 11) anl 11, 122 Post St.
; t\\ c lakkin— kkanch office of THE
vll 'J CAI/1.. Mlt,'Ci|i:rO'K an'i -• jmt«rts taken.
SITUATIONS WANTKD BIAX.E.
CHIN! <fc JAI'ANi-SE; EST'D 20 YKAKH
uelp:i"t.main 19V7. BRADLEY A C\>. .640 Clay
HVKi EX A LU. CHINESE AND JAPaNKsE
employment office, removed io t>l4Va Califor-
nl» »v. near Kearny. 'li I. main 231.
Chines; AND japane-e employment
\J oBlce: best help. 414y 3 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
SAM Kl-.E— CiiINESK AN DJA PKNi-.Si'. EM-
ployment ortice. Bll^ Bush st.. nr. Grant aye.
j JAPAN CH I N I.S hi EMPLOYMT
If \\ a:ters, l.ousecleaners. 30 Geary: ml Grant sti
IGHLY EDUCATED GE.NTi EM N. Xl \ D
II disposition. v^st knowleuge dineient branch-
ett, speaking several languages, seeks rosiUon as
tu: or, tonu.aiiicn or any otjier ol confidence; MU-
iiry sOAdente; references given, Please u.idress
DX. URAMMONT, 1106 Van Ness ye.. city
Tk4AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
-I*l pie, private place; man understands care of
rattle, norses and grounds, general work: wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work- city
or country. Address J.. box 64. C.ili Oilice. -
BY A GhKMAN, GENERALLY USEFUL-
understands g.ir.lenlng,- csre ol horsen driv-
ing, iHikinp: city reierei ces; moierate waees
P. M..674 .Sixti'-iiiJi s:., East Oakland.
"V , IDDLE-AGED MAN WHO U <» DERST" NDS
«' care of horses and gar.l^.t wish- « aiinatioii lv
private (i:acc; ciiy or couutry. li. M., box 123
Cull otlice. • • : ,
EX P.-. i.IENCED MAN AND \\ IFK WISH
position; man as barkeeper and wife as cham-
bermaid.. Address or call O. de T., 271 itluna si.
AS LUNCH-WAITKR OR KITCmEN HiLP,
au nirtiv.- elderly man wants work. Address
T. M., box 91, i his oltice. .
pARPENTER WANTS WOKK: FIRST CLASS
\J on 'job nnrt repair work. Address C. W., box
j 84, call Olli- - - -
.pELIAUi.E.BOV OF.2O.WISHKSTO.UHIVK
11 iuilk-wu|;oii. j-a'lTfsa J. i., b^x 69. Call. ■ .-. 1
"LIRST-CLASS TINNER WISHES POSITION'
X city or coumrj. Addreu C. T., box S7, Call. .
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
SITUATION* WANTKD-ConHn'nM.
GARDENKR, GERMAN: GOOD WOHKRIt;
VJ ptivate place: take care of horses: can milk;
city or country. 11. H., box 88, Call Office.
BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOI.R AND Ol N-
eral workman; can do: some woodwork: city
or country. Call or address -.03 Clara st. - :
yOUSU GERMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X janitor. Address -ti 'ij Natoma st.
STRONG, RESPECTABLE BOY WIBHKB TO
work on a ranch; small wages. 1206 Poltc sL
/•I C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICK OF THK
UliJ tA1.1.: ■ ui.s rii.'iiiin un.i « ant ad-< taken.
C^OOD WHEKLWKIOHT AND WOODffOHK-
J er wishes situation: no objection to country.
Address JO.si-.pn STOUTER, San Leaudro, Cal.
TT'IRST-CLASS SHAMr-OOER DISENGAGED:
J >:i!mendatio;i; city or springs. Address
Massiici', Postoffice, Berkeley.
EI.IABLE, STKADY MAN WaKTS KITUA-
Ion i round private place, city or rountry, ro
take care of and buggy ar.tl make lilmself
g'tera'y useful; is a fair gardener and is baady
wlih too s li.. box 75, Ca.l Oilic-.
TNDUBTRIOUS TOUMU MAN WISH • S SIT-
X uation as driver; also handy at machinery or
biacksmitbln?. Address Lv,, 239 Twenty-seventh.
[^URSi: OK VALKT TO INVALID GENTLK-
.-»-' man; t:lves massiigi?: h ghesi reference. Ad
dress .Nurse, box sl, Cu.ll Office.
/• 'I T LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
\j x *> CALU b'nbacnptlons uu.l waut ails ta>< v.
SWEDISH MAN AM) 'A IKE WISH WORK
on farm; m:in goo farn-er, t'amst»r, can no
biiicksmith «orlc; wife is good cook. a4O Third.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AN l> \\ i ADs FOX THK
kJ Call taken ot branca otiico, 3.1* ilayea su;
open uufi V :3 ■> o'clock.
VOIXH MAN AND WIFE WANTS SITUA-
X tions as cook and wai:ie*s; city ir country;
s;>cak French, Italian and German languages:
good references. Address Man and Wife, box 28,
Call oflice.
VOI'TO WOhK. BUT TO MANAGE, SUPER-
-1.1 intend or prepare for sale landed properties,
au elderly single gentleman of broad experience Is
open for employment. Address b.»x *'A Clover-
dale. Cal.
ANDSCAPK-OARDENER AND FLORIST;
20 years' experience; good references; wishes
position. Address L. IiOBERT, Saula Clara.
f']K I AKKIN-BKANCH OJ-FICE OF THE
Ulc» CALL. Subscriptioiis and want ads taken.
/'OMPEIENT HOUSK-PAINTEH, WITH
\J tools, wants work for private parties, by the
day or p:ece work; wih work cheap. Address
Paint, box 79, this oflice.
\\ r AM ED-POSITION AS DKAUuHTSMAH
'• lv archit'-ct's olBce: salary-no objeci; gooJ ref-
ereaces. Address li. C, box 10, Call.
"l\r ANTED— situation AS mine fork-
"» man by a practical miner, with best of refer-
ences. Adaress Miuer, box 6U, call Office.
DBAKCU OFFICE OF THK CALL. 1«7 NINTH
X> M — Waut ads and suoscrlpiions taken.
JAPANESE (VKKY YOUNG BOY) WANTS
O situation as schoolboy: :wases no object. Ad-
dresi T. S., box 16 this otUce.
f\V7 MuMI.oMh.KV COIiNER O* CLAY—
t'—i open onttl J»:3U o'clock; branch olhcw oi
the Call: subscriptions and want adn. taken.
"\\riNCHESTKK HOUSE. *4 THIRD ST.. NR.
" Market: 2<H) rooms vsc io *1 50 per nUht;
$1 60 to ftj per Wf-ek; convenient auil respeclabie;
iit-v bus and In tme IO nr. I lioi:i tr:»- ny
FESIALK HKXI' WANTKD.
niltL, GOLDEN GATE AYE., $15; GIRL.
VT Mi^slo.i s:.. $15; girl, Web«er st , *15: 3
pirls, sutler St.. $26; girl, Howanl St., .*l6; girl,
s.nnta Cruz, $15: rl. Redwood City. fi:>; rl.
S-.ciner 5... $lo; girl. Vacavilie. *15; girl. Bu-
chanan St., $l. r >; girl. Fllln.ore st.. f i 5: elrl,
O'Farrell st., tl6: girl, Fuiton st-. $15:g.rl 'I nrk
st.. $16; girl. Harrison s'. . 9 15: clrl, Uilroy. $I.'>:
Sirl, Nlles, $li; girl, Oakland. fls. Mak'iln &
« ' 74'J -laiket.
GERMAN or SWEDISH CHAMBERMAID,
920: waitress hot-1, city. $-0: waitress,
coffee parlors, $3 .0: you girl to i.s.«lsl In wait-
ing, $12: gin for ond work, city, S/'JO. 2a o .b.
piivaiu tamllr. niar cl;y, §25; Uennao woman,
coo. iiiiion la icb, $ 0 X girls, housework, f2O;
0 tins, housework, $16: U <llsbwasin-rs and a-
-ist, «15: 4 women to rook on ra>ii:li, $25. C. It.
li A N>i.N <k 0., 110 Geary su
AIiRKS\ CITY. $4 \ WEEK: WAITBESB
*» and chambermaid, country hoiei. $40 an:
room; waitress, city. $15 to $J0 und room; wait
r-Ms, Tuick'--. *J0 a;ul room; chambermaid and
wait som.-, *15 to $.0 and room; Iroper, $35;
%vaitrcss a week. Si A RTIN <fc CO., 749 Markeu
IRL, COUNTRY. $25; GIRL, GOLD h NOATE
live.. $'20: cirl, Gou^U.st.. $2J. girl. Pacific st.,
I *-0; girl, Brojdwar. *20: girl. Scott st., «20; gitl,
JVrk-ley, *.(); .irl, OaklanJ, *'^0. MAKTIN <Jc
CO, 749 Market si.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL, NICE
family, $30. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market".
pOLOKED GIRL, SECOND WOKK, $16.
\J MARTIN <fc CO.. 749 Markei st.
G" IRL FOR ShCOND WORK.CITY. #20: CALL
VJT early. KTIN & CO., 749 Market Bt.
\\r AITRESS| AMADOR l OI'NTY, $15
'* and room. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market St.
GIRL FOR BAKERY, $15. MARTIN <fe CO..
7-.lt Market St.
CLEAN El; FOR AN IN>TH ' lON. $30,
\J room, etc. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
irl in family, 6, $25. martin CO.,
VI 749 Market st.
\Y A N E D-3 WAITKF.SSKS AND CHAM-
»» b-rniairis for country hotels, $20; Protestant
second rJ. $20; 2 Uerman nurses arid »ecot.d
Kirls, $20 and *2.">; 2 French imn and recond
Klrls, *20 and $-6: French maid, $30: colored girl
for general housework, *2f»: Scardlaavian cook,
plain wash, t25; <•> o uaslier and tro> er, $M>; a
number of airis for housoworic. city aud country.
$15, $20 atxl $^5. Apply to J. P. iftOSl.Tl' J;
Co . 3J6 Bottec s;.
/'OOK, FRENCH IbIYLK. $35: 2 NURSES,
\J $-5 each: cond girl $25: 12 housework
girls, city and cojntry, ,f l(J ai d $25: Ky.-nn : girls.
aksUi. $10 »-.nd $:5. MISS CULLEN, 32:-; .-utter.
"VTEAT YOUNG RKFINKD OIKI LIGHT
J-> work i -nd companion, $15. MISS CULLKN
323 cottar sl
WEDISH OR (;■ RMAN COOK, $30. MISS
cili.k.n. 3"j3 .- uti.r St.
VKAT W< -KKING HOUSEKEEPER, $15.
1> MISS CUI.i.EN. 32S Sutterst. ,
\kf ANTED 1 oj'. AN INSTITUTION SHORT
• ' distance in country, an assistant cook or
kitchen helper at «30 per month; good bom .
Apply to V. . D. .v En <fc CO.. 626 Clay st.
IKsE(SIi;L. $20; COOK. SANTA ROSA, $25-
X> houspgirt, Berkeley, $2b; upstairs girl, $15;
waitress, Palo Alto, $20; hous'glrl, city, $20; 2
girls, $12. MRS. NORTON, 315 Suiter st.
/>IRL FOR UP.-TAIRS W ORK. »20: Cc< K.
J v r small <amily, $30: oook. 4 in family, $-j.s-
I nurnezirl, $12; girls tor housework. MRS.HIRD
| 721 Ems st.
WA\T ED-GERM n uiki, cook. D\.w\.
>T sia!r> work to assist in washing ad irrning,
v ace* $W;aJsO Geiman g rl. nurse to chid i
31,2 and 7 years, also upx.airs work assist with
ireolwt; waces, $20, $25. 14 Ctlumbl:. >-qiinre,
between -ixlh and seventh, 1-olsooi and Harrlsou
sts. KtferencPi required.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY— A KUsI N
»t woman, mature age, to superintend workers
lor wholesale house, a., box 88, C»>i office.
VUrNO GIRL, COOKING AND HOUSE.
X work: vm.ill l.mily; waxes $12; referem c
IHJ9 O'Fa ieli st.
/ 'IHL F<-R 11. USEWOKK: 4 IN FAMILY-
-1 1 smnll wash- reference: waces $10 to '«1 •
456 Hryant st.
\\' ANTED — MAC II OPERATOR ON
*» ladies' i.iilorln,-. 11. LIEBES A Co.. 133-
-37 Post st.
SIR- U YOUNG ■• OiRL:- AS>IST IN
bakery: hi.nsework; German preferrea. Cor.
Klevemh nnU lioward »ts. -;- v- . * y ■ '•, ■ ■
U'/NTED- EXi'KIiIENCED NURSfcOIRL;
" middl»-ase<t. Apply bet. 10 and 11 a. m to
1434 Post st.
XI'EKIKNCED HANDS, LADIES' WRAP-
is pers; inside and outside. SIENER. 41GV-,
Kilts st. - ™
Kr.M«MAKER WANTKD: FIItST-CLASS
-maker; * also first-class talloreas. 604
>utter st. . : . .
j JIAKKKI' si. — BRANCH OFFICK IHE
"1 Call: Mmnt ads and sobscripiious taken.
GIRL; FIRST-CLASS BUTTONUOLE-
maker on coatn. 6ABV-J Commercials:.
APPRENTICES TO.LKARN MILLINERY
Call after 10 o'clock, McDOWELL' -, 103 I'o t.
■\rOUNG-Gli.L IO A SIST LIGHTH OUSE
J. work and children: small family. € .>24a Fulton.
GIKL FoR LIOHT HOUSLWORK. APPLY
at KtiCVs rulto . sr. . •-."^
yOU.NG GIKLASSISTLIG 1 TII OUBE WOl! X
Xno washing; 2in family ;*8 143 j kliis st.
j MARKr.r ST.— BRANCH OFFICK of lUji
'1 Call: want ad* iin<l MUhscrlpiio.it tuki-:i. '
TVTANTKD-A WAIbT FINISHER AND IM-
■»» prover. 1438 O'Farrell s;. . • . ; «, ;:
WANTED-GIRLFOK UP^>TAIKS AND FOX
»» children. Call from 9 to 12 a. it.. 1151oc-
tuvla at." -.-.-■
FinM" E sW * NTKJ) " N CUSIOM COATS
X 604 Jes-i c St.. corner .-eventh.
14r ANTED-" SMALI; SINGLE FURNISH EH
• I rooms for > oung mau aad moibej. Address
E. JU ii., b&8 Misblon au
i ■ ; " ": '■ "■"";;;';:--:-i.;.
HKt.P VFANTED— Contfimofi.
yoOXG GERMAN GIRL FOR PLAIN HOUBE-
X work; email wages, but good chance to learn
pr»c,i<:.l mtdwlferr and nuis ng. MRS. DX.
FUNKK. 141« Elglith St., Alameda.
\\rAN TED-A Fl RST-CLASS Fl NJSHER ON
TT coats. 411V 2 Kearny St., room 2. '
GIKL OR BOY TO ATTEND DOORBELL
from sto 7: piano lessons in exchange, s. 8.,
box 81. Call Office.
IRL, ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK: 2
In family; $10; b;-u 9 ana 11. 1918 a Golden
Gate aye.
f>-\ ,- LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
\JI-*J Caix: subscriptions and want adj. taken.
BF.FT AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking ano millinery; patterns
25c; c-iii and see our mammoth lnsii ution.
MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post SU
SF. DRESS-CUTTING BCHO<>L— FRENCH
O. tailoring taught: $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
\» OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK:
XTX Winchester Hous». 44 Third su. near Markst:
HOU rooms: Ma to $L 6u per night; $1 60 to
per week: Ireti 'bu» and fcaggags to and froni ferry.
f'lC LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
t ' I*JCA i L, Bobacrtpttona and want ad-, mken.
HALK HKLP WANTKD.
HKAD COOK, RESTAURANT, S80; SECOND
cook, hotel, i.o-th $uo and fare aiVHnced;
French or «wlis sec-otid cook, country hotel, $50:
third i o ii-, reotanram. ' $60: laondrymun nnd
wife, country, $J0: i-ouer on Tvlar machine, coitn-
ty. $35; a'rong active rubber, rounirv hotel,
$23 ana fn-e fare: man to icake taniales, $2. r
boy to tend cfgar-sta: d. SIO and found. C. R.
HAN SEN A CO., 110 Geury St.
l» FARMERS, DIFFERENT RANCHES, $20;
1) 4 farmers. different rauche<i, $15; 3 Germin
farmers, $15 and, $20; 2 young men to work
i round a hotel gremds, count- v, $15: t> laboie-n,
near city, $1 76 a day. C. R. HANBEN &CO,
110 Gi-ary su
j MORE CHIP CARPENTERS. COUNTRY,
-t $3 a day. see party here; h-.rse-i: ocr, countrr
ihop, $12 a week; carpenter for a summer resort.
$^6 and found. C. R. IJANSEN A CO., 1)0
Geary st.
rpERKENCE O'BRIEN, THE BUTLKR,
A please cnll; butler and wife, with good refer-
ences, private family, $45. C K. HaNsJEN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
WASTKD-AI.L MEN WHO WANT WORK
TT and mean business to cMI at our office. W-
posltlvelv cuarantee mr} order on our board and
will r. fund leei and pay tare both way-i 'o ev -ry
person we send into the count, who is not of-
fer •'! wor* on arrival. Our ices are reasonable end
everybody calling at our ofllce is treated ith de-
cency Come and see the positions we have on
hand, and If we ca-'no' suit you to-dar tell us wbat
you want and we anil g;t yon souiKhing a' soon
ns possible. Following are some of 'h' orders ou
hauJ. and we shall tiave more urine the day:
We want 50 men for large canal and ranch to
dr'.ve scraper teams at $2U per month and board,
good 10-g job and sure pay ofti fees for this job
only ifl : tj farmhands tor large vineyard com-
pany, $:>V: 5 plownands for another large vine-
yard company, 75c per dny and t>o.ird : 10 iarin-
hand*, different bay counties, $20 i.nd $1& p»r
month: 10 scraper-teamster.4 for city, $1 75 per
day: buttcrraaker tor city, no milking, *".'5 4
ship-carpenters, fire paid. $3 per day: 10 iuiiorert
for qua:ry In city, $175 p?r d»y floornian for
blacksrnllb-shop in country, $12 per week; niili;-
ers, cooks, waittrs and aish washers. W. D. KWiCK
A CO., 626 Clay sU
r A NTED— FOR ISUTTEK AND MILK DE-
Tt pot In city, acompelent birtei-maKer and In-
door man; salary $J5 pc moitii md found;
steady. W. D. EWER Al. 0., 6-6 clay St.
BUTTE'I-MAKER AND RUN SEPA KATOK,
S.-5 find found, see bos « her>- 5 milker--, $20
and fi.und; ao fximera; vlnerard »nd orchard
hand, $20 and lound: 3 cboreboys, $8 and $10,
lor vineynrds and orciiardt; 10 woo'ichoppers. $1
ii cord: 10 Innorern, city work: man >o drive a
milk wa^on, $25 and found; 10 ru;-.r vine: $1 75
■ day: 6 curbcuttera. 8c per foot; camp black-
smith, $45 and fonnd. Mi:il..AV A READY,
Leading Employment Agents,. 634 anu b.io Clay
su, telepnoue main 5. U 4H.
1 f\ '2 AND 4 HO!:>E RANCH TEaMSTJ-RS
I* l for a Urge ranch. MURRAY <fc READY.
634 nnd 6.56 Clay su
'(\ MEN TO DRIVE "C HA PER TE • MS. $20
O\i and fmind. ]R-e ndnoed aud ->teadj' J.b.
UTJHRAY A ADV. 634 Mil 630 Cluy st.
p RIKKRV CLkRK, *40. SEE BUSS HERE
V> t<> i!hv 2r. 11. bitrher to rin a nliop iv acoun-
tar ii<- el| 3 dishwa.h.-rs. $1o to $'JO. 4 waiters.
$.st:is.-vO: 3iooks: Italian or Slavonian waiters
and dishwashers, •■?.'■» each initu and fouud, and
other p;bc»s too iijint'roiis to Advertise: call and
see us. MURitAYifc iiE DV, Leading J-.mploy-
iiwiii Agents. t>. 4 and 636 Cay su; tei. 584 Main.
A\r AN'lEl'-CAiKI AGE-PA INTER. $3 PER
tt day; 2 b ack-miths. 930 ant found nnd in-
crease 10 $45: buiier-maki'i. $30 and found: 2
men about pluci*, $--j uiiJ fouud; cboreman for
ramh, ttU und foiled: assistant g.ir.iener. $15
and round; laborers $1 In a day; old man to care
for pou:try. $5 and .o:md: and others. Apply 10
J. F. CKo>Kl A Cc, 6'JS Sacramento st.
Y\r NTED — FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT
TT eeek: but.er. $25: lasea and dinner waiter;
be'lmaktr, *20 ana found: hotel waiters, country,
$-0 ai.d $25: dishwashers and others. Apply to
J. F. KO-KTT A Co.. 628 .-acmmento su
"IV' ANT K D— AMERICAN GENERAL Mr.R-
>T chandlse clerk for country: m iml understand
miners' supplies at.d dry goods: »50 per month
and Increase. Apply to J. F. CI.OSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento su
"yOUNG MAN FOR ELEVVIOR: COND
X coo--. $5 a w PC waiter*. $9 10 $10 a week:
waiter. $2u and room: dlsliw aslier. $20 and room;
young man for porter and kitchen work, $4 a
week, etc.; young man as waller, $15 and room:
boy to wash dl l.f s boy to learn baker's trade.
MARTIN & Co. 749 Market st.
COOK AN WAITKR. $50 AND ROOM. MAR-
V TIN A CO., 749 Markei au
i RUG C:.i:kk wanted, s p. PHARMACY,
XJ 531 Fourth su
MILKER, ALL DAIRY. MAKTIN A CO..
749 Market Bt
IRST-CLA^S ILOR WANTKD. KOoM 123.
' Pbelan building.
p ERMAN COOK: $35 AND ROOM. MARTIN
VJ A CO., 749 Mnrk.t SU
V'OUNG MAN FOR CHHKKN RANCH: $10.
1 MARTIN A CO., 749 Market
PEkman WAITKP, $26 AND ROOM.
VI MAKTIN A Co., 749 Market su
fflO REMAN FOII MINE; BEX PARTY IN
1 effice 10 a. m. martin a co., 749 .Market.
On LAB'RIvKS; $1 75 PEK DAY; CITY.
— Vt mahTIN A Co., 749 Market s-.
ANCH-HAND, $15. MARTIN A CO., 749
Mar-ielsi. {".-
CARRIAGE BLACKSMITH: SOME WOOD-
work. MaKTIN * CO., 749 Market SU
OOK. COUNTRY HOTEL. $35: EXTRA
V^ cook, $H. week and fare: milker. $22 60;
choremun, $15; vin«yurr|-haiid. $^0; farmhands
$15: • oodchoppor*; sol cltor. R. 1. W..ivD A
CO., 608 ann 610 Clay sU
\V A TKI> — BUTLER FOR CITY, *35;
tt w»ili-r, hotel, $i.'s: youne German »r-iiint
summer reson, $15: (German for private house,
$10: dlsh«asher. $10 to $2i, eta ANDRE'S, 308
sijc<t<>n sU ■'.:■:■
"Y"OUNG, ACTIVE PORTEK FOR SALOON
J- ai.d Inncb-room: must understand . about
lunch; wages $26 to TkO. 36 ana 38 East aU (De-
fender).
A\r.\NTKD-MAN OF BIT»INERS ABILITY
tt to repre,eiu liquor-house: must have good
reterenoee. c. I^. box 15H, Call.
Vl' A NTKD-GOOD GROCERY Ci.EKK; MUST
tt nnlersiand hi* business: no o.hers need
answer. Address G. C, box 84. Cal. Office.
WANTED-MANBET. 35 AND 40 YEARS
TT to milk 7 cows: wages $1U MI;S. NIEMAN,
Piesidio. umi. ye. Kate. •
OTRONG BOY WITH EXPKRH'.NCK IN
O carriage blaek»mlthing and helping. 828 Har-
Ison .-.t. ■
W A Nl ED-GOOD FORTUNE-TELLER; »4 A
»» week. lv; 9 Third au
YY'ANTED -A lABLK BOY. AG 17, IN
tt grocery; references required. 1019 Pacific su
VV r ANTKD- KLA' KBMITH, HOKSEvaOER
TT and wagon-worker. 1114 Harrison su
IJKINTER 1 !* APPKKN I ICh. \VHo UNDER-
X stands Gordon press 4 C*liforni.i sU, room 14.
y ANTKD- MAN WITH $15o"t-. ACT AS
tt treasurer oi va-ieiy rompanv going on the
road. Man.gcr, C. R, box 95, Call cflice.
OKsPKCTaBLE ; ADV -WANTS OKNTLI -
HBwpjniift with $25 In a pay Ing busines*.
181 Montgomery su, room 16.
I RST-CLASS TAILORS ON LA DIFS' CLOTH
i ifc°ifi"a " n<l Rults: * P <''- T Imtneaiateiy. H.
LIEBEB A CO., 10.,-135 Pos St.
QTKAKY Ji.iN TO ASSIST IN TAKING
kJ orders .n store and collec. ; experience not nec-
ess^.r. : i. Us' h»ve 160 cash and be satisfied with
»18per »i ek toaiart. 777 il»r«e, si., room 7.
ATM A X R WAN KD-TO WORK INSIDK-
\J ster.Ur work lor oou work v.a i. 597 Mission
St. TIIUMAk K. X NT.
/LMKfT-CLASS BARBKRS FUKNisiiED BY
■7> • Inen.amnßl I nion Fre- Kmployment Bureau,
6-, I-ourih M., the Modern. I. LKSS, r-ecretary. -
TV lAN TO WORK I.\ CIG X Fa • TORY AND
-i»I store; lake half-interest in business. 20* Me-
All ' ster st. ■ . . t \ *- ■ ' a, 1 * *. . . ; -»•* ■• >
'■V-l\.i *fAYKS— BP.aNi.JI OFFICE OF THa
V"y «-ai.i.: SBbHrlptleSH an<l want i,ds takan. ,-.
OAKLAND 15c BAKBKK SHi-P: : CENTRAL
\J location: sickness cause of se.Uog. M..X,
box 1 1 , Cull Oflice, Oakland. . ..
■ ' ' * - - - - - • ~ • J ■■' ' ' • • ' ■ ' '
HKIiP WANTKD-(ontinned. '
TWO MEN WITH 95 EXPENSE MONEY CAN
secure permanent positions in country town.
Apply at 9 Geary st , room 2.
DI-HWASUEKS WANTED AT THE TROY
lloicJ, Union Iron Wor.cs. T\vcn:!ct-i st. ■■ ■
9*W*i BilsaiOJi BRANCH OFFICK "OF
<_fL/_>U 'l'kiki Call; tiubscripuoaj i-i.a wans ada
taken. '
H\NDSOMK •: CANDY-STORE FOR SALE
cheap: r»"t cash: lnvestisate. 427 Kearny.
INNEK WAITt-R AND DI>HWASIIEII.
ll« Turk sU, rear; call after A. M.
Qfi*>f: MISSION _ .MB^r.il'TlU.Ni AND
—it — ' > want ads taken for THK CALL.
WANTED-PURCIIASER FOR MILLINEKY
»» bn^lnesi on .Varketst.; price 9300. SPECK
& CO.. 602 Market.
pOFFEE SALOON: RECEIPTS *60 DAILY:
\J near Chronic. o; chea;. tor cash. SPECK <fc
CO., 602 Marueu
pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT ll
\J a. 11. at Stevenson-sL entran.-e to CHARLKS
L\ ONs', London Tailor, 7.1 Market su
p E. S.— MOTHER SICK." WRITE.
|>ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
iJ> K. c Jiaroers Assn. ft. FUcHs, 8-5 Orantave.
JoLi'.Nf. » Mr.:. JJABi'.KK»' X.'l PLO VJU.a.« i
tfratarv J-i. i.a.i..\ A!tl». iO2 >^v«-nth st.
•J'J(i iIAYKd e>i'.— Bkanch OFFIUK OF
')t)'J Ihk Call; ouoav-riptiuiu auu wuii »Ua
taken.
ADI s 1 SOLING, Msc: MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
-L fine shoes made «2 up. 66'J Mission st.
VflOO IAIK ANOTHER LOT Mh.\'S>:HuKS,
£j\' VV7 been damaged by water, a. less than one-
fourth their value. Irom 75c up to $2 50. 662
Mission st., bet. First and second.
WANTED-JIE.N '1O LEARN BARBER
»» trade: shop*, tools, positions fnrr.ished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138V 2 Eighth.
ELl'llo llO'J-h. h»3V. .i HK K I'HT .— i.irifaH
20c. Xsa i<> M)c i.i^r.t; .-; -i to $J wee*.
pjeVJ «lON'IUoAIKrY al., BRANCH OFFICE
•'— I i' i'tf k Call, %ai.t mU aua BUOscMntloiu
Uken.
THE ROSEDALE H2l CHEaPEHT
and best lodging-bouse north of Market st.
\\t ANTKD— I.ABoKr.R-l AJ> L» MKCHANICI
" lo know ihat Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, sill! rnns Denver Houi«, 217 Third St.- ISJ
.arje rooms; -5c per nlgnt; 91 10 #:< per weelc
EbiMo., wants .0.1 m...\ t.» t.l-.l bot-
. lie b»»Sr or win* 6c ; Oest ire- Icnch. C43cta.v
lfjaMMH SI. — URANCH OFFICE OF
l"l "l UX call; snbscnplioii ana want ads.
taken.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE hOo.MS, 15, 20 AND
25 cenui per night: #L #1 M. 91 60 per we»K.
i iiic Housa, Comniercial and l.eidt sitorft sts.
I rj(\ 11J N TO IAKK LODGING Al 10u IJJ
J«" and JOo a i.lcht, inclcdlng colltts aua roiLt.
t24 Washington «t>. near Kearny.
SINGLE KliiMS lln AND 15c NIGHT. 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howad.
CW. 008. SIXTtt-N ill si., NEAR MISSION:
0 branch rtlire of 'liik. Calu bubscriptioiis and
want ads .uken.
\^ ANTED, 1 OCOLLEUT WA'..Es DUE LABOR-
*" ersAderks KN OX Co»lectioii A«oy, 110 SutUr.
I[M.\ ACME JloLs,-.. W>.' ji,\KliH 6>TJ«i«.
A low blxth, Tor a room: -'6ta night: fl awe<»<.
11OOMS. 150 1 O V6<; PKR NIGHT: 600 'lOsl 50
I\> iwr week. Oriental, 225 Drnmru St.
ANT AUs ANU BSCRI I'TIO.M iOK
>' Thk Cam. are taken at Branch otlice, »ouiu-
west corner BtXtC*»Ul and Mission stn.
\\r ANTED— ROOMS. 15c ADA V: $1
'» we«>k; rooms lor I. Si&c a day. 91 60 » w»e^,
rrtdlnr-room: daliv paiiorv MCUurst.
\\ INCHU.3I k.ci iioLa>.. 44 VUliiU ST., NX.
'» Marxet: 20U locms. tße a nujh;: reading-
room- ifee Ihm an.'. i k'»;e to *mI trom the terr/
A(.EN l!t WA.NTKD.
ANTI.J — AGENTS, EITHER SEX TO
'» sell cholc; gool ti;ln company shares;
lurqe commissions paid; full parncuars, prospec-
tus, etc, tree. u« re-s CUAS. M A ItTIN C< >
Minnii; Stock B.okers, Seattle, Wash.
AGENTS— A BOOK WRITIKN BY GEN-
eial Miles, c< mni»nder-itichief of tbe United
States army; lull ot interesting ludian experi-
eiice* by tne great Indian liehter: one agent's
| commissions over $lij in- lirst 2 days. F. PElt-
s< in. Mgr. Subscription .utment. The hl;a-
ker & Ray Company, 723 Market st. .
AGENTS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
map: best: latest: you can coin m< ney. F
PERSON, M.-r. Subscription Dept., The Whltaker
A Hay Co., 723 Market st.
T ADIEs TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
-Li tillers, Kg.-ptlan Enamel, Medicated cera'.e.
BUH.KI., 131 Post st
rURMTUKE WAXTKD
AT IMll-NA AUCTION CoMP<NY, HE-
moved to 1171 Mission st.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393. you get highest ■ ,vi i.al>! for
merchandise, lurniture. art co jus, pianos, Tiorarles
BWT I'KIC.S FOR FURNITURE, MDSK..
etc STREET afc CRESWELL, Auciloneers.9J7
Market 8L rrn.:U«. Houses bought intheirentirety.
1/ U X IT U E. STOVES CAKPf.TS, COUN-
r lers. showcases A.NDERStiN, 111!1 Market.
]F V«jli II.HI H..OM I'lilCr.S 1-vj.v tUßNl-
tur<» and m>-r.-hannlv> cc«» BUUU Lar^ix
KOARUINU WA.VTED.
ROOM AND BoaKD WANII.D FOR LADY
and 2 child en, 3 and 5. Address 8 Essex at.,
Rincon Hill
WASTKD-MISCKLLAXEODs.
\\T ANTKD-Ll HT SPUING WAGUN IN EX-
»" chatige for house and sign painting, whltin-
lnK, etc. 421 VUksburgsU
SELL VOOR BOOKS. NOVELS ANDCLOIIi-
O lug to a. KLEIN, 109 sixth sr.; send postal.
\\[ A N TED-G OD KICYCLii FOR LOT
'" <cla»ar). B, box 82, CalL
OLI> GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. . W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, SU Kills su
UILDI.NWS BOUGHT: LUMBi.i:. sax- I- -v
I» dnon. mrntpN »lc for »Bla» ll> - -; jm««i.«i «■
EDUCATIONAI,.
AM)EP.SON'.-» ACAKEMY AND SCHOOL OK
Mathecnatlcn: pnplli prepxred in day and
evening clm.ie • an>l by prlvat? lessons for Callor-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service rxamlnatlous; spa-cial
•VgclassHs: niatbemHiic\ mechanical drawintc;
i high school pupils coached. R., 4U- Parrot: bldg.
\ SCHOOL OF Pit YSICAL CULTURE AND
J:\- Klocuti-.ti. 1216 Octavia st., -an Francisco,
Ml^S KI.IZA MACKI.N I rupil of Profrsior
O. \V. Baynham, (jluskow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Ofilce days. 1- riday v M. Saturday a M.
HKALICM HUSI.NKSS ( OLLKOIC. 74 I'OST—
Bookkeeping, cuslness practice, shorthaa-1
typing, telegraplir. Jaucaaee*. 1 n^llsh branchai. j
flec:rical englneerini;: -.0 teachers;. 15.0jj *».^ia-
ates; day und evening t'sslons; catalogue
AYItKSV; ma. LEADING IULLKMR, 3J»
Montrornerr st.; Individual instractloa ia
fhortband, typing. L-ook«eeping, telegraphr, cto.
tB» tcliolarshln 95J: 1 <v rate» ncr necK and mi.
BELAoCO'S LVCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theattrirals arranged; pupils rt-hesrsnl
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7tn and Mkt.;
ENOINEKKING s« HOOL: MECH.. ELEC."
cl\U. mining. »nrv«y, asua.v, nr.hl'.. X ray
lau:ht; es.lStf 4. A. VAN DF.R NAILLKN.933 Mkt
BOOKKPNO. WKITNO. AKilllMll. i.KAII?,
day di night: uocla<se«: {jiuomii. Misniox
ANJOTACGHT ToBEGINNKRS, 26CKXTS
per lesson. Addi ess A., box 78, Call Otlice.
liAll. MA.\i(OLi.\ PiAX'i ASU Vuc'--
VI .is<uii( 8 . mv. .Mary Wfstliaii<«. ± l J Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPITONS AND \» ANT AL-=. FOR THK
SUB^CIUPTION^, ANi< \»ANI \lj-- Fur THK
a i.i. taken at brancu ulhce, ba'j lim/c* as-;
open nutil v:3O o'clocic. ■
( ATTOItNEVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICK Flil-.K; DlVlli.C!. LAW-* A SPEC-
ialty: private; no lee without success: pn^at*
insolvency, wills, tolltctions. bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. : private fletective-i: <st:.b. 10 year).
O. W. hOWK, h5O .market si, t-oruur siock.on »U
ADVICK FREK; No CUAIIGE DNLK»«»UO
ceasful. W. W. DAVIDaON. 827 Marvel st.
KW. K1N«;, ATTORNEY-aT-LAW, CHRON
.'■ tele Uu.ld'niL,-. adviwe tiee: low fe s: all cuses
111CVCLKS. '" : , ''
COLUMBIA LADY'S BICYCLE TO EX-
i-hai-K- for furniture ur liou>enolJ goods. boti
Miss.Om st. ■
ANDEMS, '-86" FATTEi: GOOD As NEW.
x 970 and upward: i.antnlns in second - hand
wheels. Golueu Ru e Bi<ruar ci c di-partmenu
"5 Ga-nry s- .. , . .. - , -;.,
PUYSICIAKS. \ .
DR. <•. «'. O'DOSXKI.I, 1206 MARKET; RES.
2864 'Jftth •<:. : dlnea^es of women it ip-cislt}-,
STORAGE.
KEDUCKD RATES, ( FURNITU HE, PIANOS,
XV huiiaeholu sooua, «tc iJ. AL iilkl.-:, 786 Ukb _
_ .'ftrtm-cn-iitr' jLmiiiMiit.cn nkoiticiPiL iijrtm -*.im
BUSINESS CHANCES.
"VTOTICE — GUS STRAND, THK WELL-
-J-^ known real estate agent, and P. L. KICHA
have formed a copartnt-rship and have opened an
office at 1118 Market st. We buy, sell aud ex-
chance businesses of every kind; lodging-houses a
specialty; partners procured: loans nego ialed;
real and personal proDerty for sale or exchange;
school lauds a:so. We correspond with the well-
kuown nriu of Alfred Da. Jr.. lll*^ s Spring
s:.. Los Ange.es. Cal. Give us a call, 81RA \ D <ft
H.UiARIis. 1118 Market st., rooms 1 and 2.
Corner saioi.n. near Market: clears $150
m °' l b - Sl RAND & RICHARDS, 1118 Market.
917a— Restaurant, near City Hall: pays well.
S£jSy?2 & KICHAROs, 1118 .Varket st.
f^SO— Partner: contracting husines*: ciears $150
m ' ) lth - STRAND iRICHAKIif, 1118 Market.
*1250— Butrher-siiop; everythln -• complete; pays
"2&i ! I HAN * UU:HAItDS, nib MaiKM St.
$bO— Electric enuravlne: noexnenenc<> required;
>3duy. STitAXD & RICHARD.-, 11 18 Amricet.
T°Jl V \S StLL A LODGING-HOUSE SEE
I strand & Richards, 1118 Marset su
<liiA^\(\ BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 liv-
•■Tii»-. ln,..roonu: rent»^2: a genuine good
business offer, daily receipts $H; kopt by owner
lor years; rarest chaucu. WILKfcU 783 Mur et st.
(jrj-A i.INi H AND CHOI" HOUSE: FS-
<n I Uv, tab'ished years; pntronized by mer-
chants and brokers: - . money-making place; no
Sunday or nigat work. Particular v' .LK.E, 788
Market st. ,
WJ^^li CORNER BAKROO.M: CHOICEST
rJP 1 tJ'7. do-vntown lucaiion; doing a n.st-ciass
paying business: low rent; inv.-stignt»- at once;
you will find >o 1 b-rgalu. WILKIt. 783 Market
(XA/| MINERS, a T I: N X ION — (JR.WKL I
jTrwHJv'. mine, il Lorauo Co.. Wildcat Creek;
covering 40 acres gold-bearing grave:; first-class
paying ciaim. ParUcaian WILKE, 783 Market.
<2li'tkf\ CIGAR -STORE A.\n BILLIARD
i;vli)U. hall, wlih 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stock of goods: actual value 120(1; lively country
town; must be sold (bla week. Cull WILKE, 783
Market si. ■;"•';
FIKST-CLASS A K-S TORE: THE
«-<v»v». besi .1 rut: n 011 Kearny sU: fine fix-
tures; l»:.c patrom>Ke; owner has other bu>iness.
Apply v, ILKK, 7«3 Market
Ilk/ill KEbTAUKANT IN OAKLAND:
«JT I \J\J\J. goo-i loc.alou: no competition; owner
has operated lor 7 years: re ■eipts <1000 or more
per month; goiug a-;. WILKE, 783 Market st.
3S«nn SALOON ON TERMINUS OF
tjpvjul/. streetcar line; fine fixtures: doing a
good business: cheap reut. WILKE, 703 Market.
<£•'_•;: A CORNER s.-.LOON: VERY BEsT
'*iJ\J, location; rent *20: o»ii»r keeps 2
■•laces: mus- mici li a tlrst-c bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
HIGHKbT CASH PRICES I'AID FOR FURXl-
tur^, restaurant, saloon flxturei an 1 grocer/
stooKs. SH.NBECU, 632 Market: teL main 1043.
EXPERIi.NI ED, RELIABLE GROCERY
-L^ man can secure part or whole of paying busi-
ness: no oppositijn. STEN BERG, 632 Market.
i 9^fJ PARTNj.R IN FIRST-CLASS ICE-
'4i • — O\J . cream and candy store and factory:
wholesale and retail; factory fully equipped for
large trade: money to be used In business. sTEN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market st.
<£9(W\ BRANCH BAKKRY, NOTIONS. ETC.:
<iP-««< good location; r.nt $11: pivsent owner
here 6 years. STENB! RG i CO., 632 Market St.
qHA<\(\ IAUNDHY ROUTK, CLEARING
■<iD^.*J\J. $100nmonth; good horse and wagon;
trial given. STBN BLRG & CO., 632 Murkei st.
C«Ann Handsomely fitted up sa-
Vi!*J\J\J . loon: entrnnceon two s'.re^ts: 4 rooms;
bargain. Apply to W. F. HEaLY, 917 Market.
•ft^fin llliKAl BARGAIN; CORN"
t{puV7V/. liquor saioon: leading bvsineas street
>ff Marke': <rsh register, hafe, etc W. F.
iiEALY, 917 M..r.<et St.
Q-I CA RESTAUK VNT. NKAR S. P. R. R.
<IP 1 UVt. depot: 4livine-roon>s «reat bargaln;on
account of tlepanure. HEALY, 917 Market st.
m> -j I7C EST AUR A NT AND COFFEE PAR-
<P-i t%J. lors; Market st.; clearing 575 per
mouth: this is a barsain. HEALY. 917 Market st.
'}'-\()l\ HOTEL WITH 30 WKLLFUR-
<iP— tJV'V/. nished rooms: the only bo el in one
ot the most prosperous towns of Its size in the
Staie; photograph at my office. M. LESS, 5
; ourth st.
4|X|) BRANCH BAKERY. WITH 6 LlV-
'£l*J\J. Ins-rooms; re:it $18; i.ood stocit »i.d
trade App'.y Business i-.xchiin^e, 7<7 Market sU
IKY<>U WANT TO BUY A GOOD BUsI.Nfc.SS
X ii auyllne Cheap call on GEO. WHEELER,
■JU6 Market St.
I HAVE A CUSTOMER F«>R BRANCH BAK-
ery; cost $160 to f: 5O. If you want to sell call
on EOKGE WiIEELKR. room 15,906 Market.
Air ANT TO IRADK S I OHE| BUI LDINO,
»' b!ncksmlth-sho: and 4 acres of ground in
oiintiy lown for uusl ness or lodging-bouse la city.
G..«). WHKKLER. 9UU • arke; »L
OLD- ESi ARLISH '..I CORNER grocery
and bar: big business: sells 20 half-barrels
week: long lra,e. KID V, 1027 Market su
11ELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE O F
It branch business: has b>-en condurted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least alB per
week to *tart with: certainty of increase; must
have 150 cash. 777 Mi.rictt St.. room 7.
&<JMI| HALF-INTKRE->T IN PRINTINO-
tjp t/UU. house cottine .-3600: Inside man pre-
ferred to hired help: remntuing partner la good
drummer. 8., box 79 Call Office.
£• iAm HALF INTEKEsT IN PROFITA-
•u-OV'VM/. ble wboleSH.e and retal. business;
bigprcfits: none but principals need auswer. D.,
bjx 147. Call.
iJfcOMfl SALOON AND LUUlil.wl-HuliSi ;
ulTOv/V/. rent free: good reasons for selling; see
this bargain .o-day. 4.< Third at. •
L OK RENT— OLD ESTABLI HKDBUTCHER-
J shop: fixtures and Kood irttde; fine opportunity.
.Norih Beach Market, »13 Greenwich st.
(£• j t{(\() H\ Y. GRAIN, wood AND coal
tflVl vj\J\.i. business: mustsell: cause, sickness.
Address R. 0.. box 101, Call Office.
BRANCH BAKERY. NOTION ANH STA-
tionery: good place; cheaD, make offer. 449
G uerrero st.
LD ESTABLISHED BAKERY FOR SALE;
shop business: no wagon. Address C X., box
98, C 11 oitice.
T) ESTAURANT FOR SALE CHEAP; CEN-
-IV tral location: owner leavinc town; no reasou-
aole offer .efused. J. j;.. b..\ bB, Call Office.
l/"Oll SALK— OKOIKUY AND BAR; NO OP-
T position: rheap. Inquire Call Office.
\\r TED— a PARTNER TOGO PROSPECT-
»' ing. Apply 214 Franklin st.
I(>OR SALK CHEAI— AND CHOP
X 1 hou-ie: leaving f..r Greece. 34-4 Third s:.
SALOON, CHEAP. ON ACCOUNT DhPART-
-0 ure; central location; bears Investigation. In-
quire .'. Ib.my Brewery.
I ' ENTLEMAN PARTNkK WANTED BY
VJ EMSlern young lady. Room 5, first floor, 850
Market .st.
(gilnn CORNKR 1.U11.N ; GOOD LCiC.".-
<jr^l<'U. tiou: chenp; must se.l at once. 654
Fourth st. .
ILK IiOUTK; 90-OAL. TRADE; 2 HoRsKS,
i'l w»go:i, cream .-epurntor. cans, etc.; all In
good condition. 159 second at.
Good paying candy ani> n< 1 io\
store; uo opposition. B. C, box 50, Call Office.
SHOEMAKKR--HOP FOR SALK; CHEAP.
Apply tblsoflice.
QALOUN- CHi- AP; TItANSFER CORNER-
O low rent: lease; selling tiiiineiilately: cause
sickness. Apply Call, Office or 15 Dame st near
Thlr.le:h. '
T.-OR SALE-A GOOD PAYING GIIOCERY
r variety, bakery and candy sto;e. established
1 2 y ars A . ply at 81iy Bryant sl.
AIiGAI.N: CA.\UV»Tt)..K. S( ) 1 1 A W TE It
lcpcrtam parlor: good reasou for telilnc Ad-
dresi 408 c McAllister st. *"
*^40() SALOON FOR SALE; OLD ESTAB-
-1 all Office. llshed place: no night woric. Add v
Call Office. yv r
OI.D-ESIAIII-HED SALOON CENTRALLY
loc. led oppo-ite (ltv Jiali; low rent. Addlv
McLEOD & HATJE, 515 Markets!. APP
' <n1 <iZ OLD -KSTA BUSH KD RKSTAURANT
ay ZO. doi,.« good bMiBMa; suitable for man
aud wife: rent cheap. C. M., box 111, Call Office.
B I'TCHER BtrslN.'.SS; $200): . fTnTsT
X)fitt«-d: horse*, «ag»ns. refrigerat .'r- $7t» caih
trade daily. L . bjx 60 Call Office.
CTATION KlsY. NoTIO.W*. c.I.XDV JsD
O cigar store: rooms: good place for man and
wife; Tor ?ale cheap. 2U02 Mason kU
L INIiNALOON: MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE-
teSSSISaa^g «ne fixtures. 550 C.aV
.^4OO :. GKOUIi IIY AND BAR; 5 L(VIN«-
Brewery I0<)ms: renl * 3a - -' Squire Ulternia
ry ' '■ \ ' ■ *.
FIXTURES AND STOCK OF NOTION-STORE
1 fur sale cheap. 41 -a Fulton su 
Sh 700 '■■ SAU)U - V - A.NU 9 K-RMSHED
£P • \.'\j. rooms best buslne.ts corner N. of Mur-
ket si.; clci.n $150 per monin: ' on accouni of
death, s., box 65. this vfflce.
<*H(W)0 BEs >T MILK RUsINKMS IN'i'UK
t^AV/v/v. city; store and route: . chauce for
nian and wife to clear $160 per month. M. B,
box 67. (Mi office.
XiJ R s " ILK oit exchange— partner for
J- Kusir-rn and Calnortila beer oottlliitr business.
. J2 >>urieen:ti st., near .Marke; : 3 to 6 p. v.
S<lJ-fk FRUIT AND CIGAR STORE FOR !
tip 1 ttVJ. sale. 220 V-) Leaven« orth s . J
GIEOCERY AND BAR, WITH LIVING- i
rrooma. Apply thU office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
SEE BARRETT & BASILE, ; 873%":MAllKET
0 st.. for on.' of the be<t bargains In cigar-staod,
candy, notion-stores In the city. .... • . i
T) ESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: PACRI-
flee; good Duslnesv. BARRETT,B73y Maike'U
LAKiiAIX- LUNCH WAGON; BEST COR-
-I'iier; good bus. BARKETT& CO. ,B73V2 Market.
©onr BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
«JJ>^ZO. tiou store; north Market: receipts S7 a
day: low rent. BARRETT & CO., &7Si£ MarKeU
rGA R--TAND CHKAP: RENT FRi-.E. 873Va
Market st. ; *60 BARRETT A . 0.. 873% Jlkt.
HALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST SA-
loons city. BARRETT. 8731/ i, Market st.
pESTACRAAT I AXING IN $10-915 A DAY
.It will be Roid for 9200. 145 Fifth st.
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCERY AND
bar; ba-emeat attached. 1501 Powell St.,
cor. Vallejo.
FOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
-T this papur. For particulars i quire Call Office.
"PORTLAND AGENCY 1 HIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third at., Portland,
Oregon. , " .....'
FINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
must be sold at once. 211 Larkln s'-.
ITY P.OUl'ii l-Oii aAU. APPLY THIS
Office.
BUTCHER-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES:
Western Addition. 1208 Scott si., near Eddy;
key upstaiis. :..-":■; !*.V"
-y-OUNG LADY OF MEANS WANTS GENTLE-
X man partner: small capital. liO% Geary, r. 2.
IiESTAURANT; GOOD PLACK FOR MAN
-It and wife; cheap. Apply this office.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
vT youn; wldovr. Room 8, 207 Post s'.. " : " J ~:C
LODGINU-UOUSK3 FOB BALE.. -
1 ROOM HOUSE, CORNER.. «300
1"/ 8-room new Hai. best in city 80*
17.r00m house on Sixth street t>so
17-room house, clearing $H0 per montl] 75U)
10-room house, rent only *40 V5O
2<-ro m boardlug house, (350 cush 900
22 rooms, fine corner 650
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost *800, price.... 35U
14 rooocson r-utter SBO
7-room house, only 250
H# C DECKEH, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
<2«4}OC 14 ROOMS ON HYDE ST., NEAR
tjP — — t). Jackson, bargain. DECKER, 1020
Market st. . :y .!:; ': .
T ODGING-HOUSE 20 ROOMS AND BATH
XJ near basioess center; always full: rent $45; a
great bargalu. GEO. WHEELEK, 906 Market.
flfc7fc/| HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA«
•1P I «Jl/. tlon on Mark a St.; a rare bargain;
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKE, 78J Market.
ROOMING-HoUSE ON MARKET ST.; WELLj
XV filled; bargain; must sell. Apply Call Office.
T ODGING-HOUSIi OF 4» ROOMS \ND BASE*
XJ ment, for sale or for rent. Inquire 321 Mont»
gomery aye. '
T ODOING-HOUSE, 33 ROOMS, FOR SALE
J-J cheap; rent $50. 739 Foisom St.
FUKXITUKE iOK gALE.
ENTIKE STOCK T. 11. NKLSON, DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every d scription, new 2d-hand pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing out. 126 4th.
SAVE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co.. 86b' Mission; advances.
HOU>EHOLD RANGKS ARE THE BEST
JOHN F. MEY KRS CO.. 947 Market St.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET-CLKANING WORKS;
V 1 cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS*
Mgr» 38 and 40 1- ighlli st.; telephone south 250. . .
JWa'ITS. reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
. atlun worica. 4.13 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 32L '
CARPET-i LEANING, Sc: LAYING, 3c; RU<»
\J sami.les tree: tel. aes*ie »44. Stratton. 38th si.
— — .
CARPETS Cl-EAN h.D. KESOVaIED LIKE
new. J. McQUEEN. 4S3 Meveuson. Tel. 5.2-JB.
W HEN YoU BkcoMK DIaUVsSTBiJ WH'ii
•» poor work tosPAULDINO'S PioneerCa>
pet-beatln? Works. 353-57 1 ehama st. ; lei. So. 4JL
AUVAACti CARPET-CJUKANIrtU CO., 404
Suiter: leL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
CARPETS CIJBAKKD* RENOVATED LIKS
/new. 23 Tenth; tel. south 36. Mackintosh <St Co.
Jh. MIKHhLL, I'Aiil'KT-i IN* CO. '
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7i.
CONKLIN'S CAKPKT- BEATING WORK*,
KJ 533 Golden Gate »7e. 'leieptione East 1-tt
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS: * '■]
ARK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
J\. We sell them for .*■(, *4, $5. $6, $7, $8, $9, $10
per month: alsoforcasb; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monihly
paymr-nta will purchase one from us. SHERMAN.
CLAY <fe CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sis.. Steio*
way dealers. ■
* BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST A>D LARGEST
A bouse west of Chicago is KuHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, 28 aod SOo'iurreU 5..; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowe*L;
everything possible dune iv i.ieuso tua uaiUfjr th«
customer.
CTU..LLY THE BEST BAiIUAISs IS Pl-
anoj; monthly pn.iuents from S5 op: deltT-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondenca
solicited. THE F. W. SI'ENCEH COMPANY,
aalesro>>mi 933 MarlceC *:., -vpp. Muaou; tbtaa
llshed over 20 y e;-.ri.
BONA FIDE Ki-DUCriOX In PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bush * Gerts and others; sec-
ona-naud plunoa irom 10U up. W. C. IIAMIL-
-ION, successor to A. L. liuncroft <fe Co., 324 Posu
LMNK SIEINWAY $170; WEBEK J250;
r Hardman 5330: each one a barcain. THE J.
DEWI.nG CO., second floor, Fiooo. building.
HAW, STEINWa\, **50; CUUKKIIINQ,'
v7> S185; aiti.s. $4 a month; a nice .->maU up-
right. $95; rent $2 up. Wisl.NE, 136 Ellis st.
UPRIGHT PIANO VERY CHEAP; MtBP
«-< sell account of departure. 1156 MorKetst.
C«l 9^, RODGERH' CABINET GRAND
<Jp-i-^U.Kranken:bargaiEsHOßNUNG. 21b"
Q» 1 n/IFINEGROVEi«TEEN FULLER PIANO
*ipX\J\J $S Installments. 22 Leaven sU
ABHUENN PIANO; WILl] CHARM YOU;
see it before you buy. 228 Post st.
EARLY NEW BABY G KAKD STEIN WAY;
J-l great bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye. . ■..•,-.
BARGAIN CAN BE HAD AT MAUVAIS'. 769
Market St.; agency Decker «t bon's pianos. •
KAI'E CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hiherniaßanlc
A3 SsHKRMaN, CLAY it CO. ONLY \V LL^
you find a s:ock of new steinway pianos. i'V-'-
-\4' «v IiAI^KK. S>U..K A EN T HALLEP
■ ' .& Davis and Francis Bacon piuno3. 415 sacto.
BYKON iI.\UV, i.oo IV.-5 1' hT.-fOHJUiii,
JJ Newbr & Evani. P.rii;ss an 1 other pianos.
WJ UPERIOK VIO..INS, ZITHj-.Km, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLER. mn)c«r. r«';. irer - i.a; ham piaca.
*OR MISCELLANEOUS.
ALL GOODS GUARANTEED OR NO SALE.
X*. CNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
(\i\l\ BROW N LEUHOrtN. CHICKb, 100
O\J\J each. 1213 Valencia st.
T\rALLPAPER. 4C: INGRAINS, 9C: PAPER*
»» hanging, painting. ERIGAN, 1302 Webster.
1 7-HOKSE-PoWKR ENGINE, 1 4-UORS.-:-
I power engine, with '• oiler, gas-engine, lathe*,
Dlaners and shupers. 515 Six:h st. - . .
LEGANT FUi;N.TUR , XEAKLV NKW.
of 8 rooms, for sale: must be -een to be appre-
ciated. 530 • ak st . near Welter.
CjUil AEROMOTOK \VIM>MII<I. AN i> JoOo*
«Jri/l'. gthlloii innK In sjood condition, io««iher
with »»lv»niz»d piping for .-,u.» Aj-pl.v of ihe
owner, 3824 M.ie.eenln st.
FU'E OUGAN Foii SALK CHKAP; SUIT\«
bie lor church. A.'.ilrtv i P. v, box 21 call
Othce. ■
SO A O I : N T aTn -Fvllt SSA'I.K T aP—
Tnfta'naak*; it. plaoM for lyrup, for u-in.rai
wa;er, 2 for «oda: inrK« Pnriicb-ptaM mirror and
eleitrio liglun: cost lot), for *»<)() Apply
PRAISER & BXW, Drugstore. Alame.ia.
: ARS. BACK H.VKs, .uIKUOKS. sHOW-
»' «tse«, <oumor>-. lln«t*aiQ, oftlc« furnitura,
rtore and offict* furniture aud iixtun>s. new aaj
secondhand. J. Ni>ONAi\, iOIT-iolW-IOJI-JOii
JUnt.sion a. , above bizth.
]7>OK SALK— 22-K.iUT sLOOI* YaCHT; COM-
X plete: sk.ff und monrlns*. •>» First st.
SAFKS— NKW a.nlj stCoNu-JIASD. 609
MarKr<( st. , • •
-FOOT POKCI-.LAIN BA-IHVUBS EACH;"
Uln ptrlect order. H. s. Wltj'-K, 516ML-»slon.
; > iLi-.li. I,r..\u,1 ,r..\ u ,. lI . > . v . liA > Jj*Ai. tilNiLßf'
XJ *» nter- pi .\iclnuiau Wolpmau. 137 iieaia,
C'Ori-Ei-; imU. S>CALK>. l.i-.TI:-.lt : I'RESS,
alauddesk. money llil. safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
JjAtl^. SHoWCASbS, COUNT KI'.S. SHKLV-
U Injr, eta. botiKhtand sold. 10U3 Mission, nr. 7th.
LA.GE DOUBLE '-.COMl'Am'Mt.Ni 1 COI\F
bank sal y, chea,>. b Mission st. • ■ .
V ■ W ELMWo-D RANGES AXE THB BKSt"
-l\ W. S. ray MFC*. CO. I California '
UNK SMALL --MKIKUAI A.SU LAIiT7K.
lire and bur«lar prooi safe. 1U»-1U V«ik«^HOTJSE3 TO IXT.
MODKKX HOUSK: 3 ROOMS AND BATH:
-li grand marine view; rirst-class oraer: rent
reasonable; Presidio Heights. Appy MADISON
< reasonable; ELEGANT HOUSE OF 6 R«'OMS
t B L R X K.
*£'>*? B_BOA2*T HOUSE OF 6 B«*OH8
—oil. and bath: all newiy painted and ■
Ipapered ihrouct:O':t. 9.1b .-inward st.
>r>KNT Rl DOOKD -SU XN V MODERN \
H house, 6 rcotus. ta'ti. laundry, servam's r ou; ;
pei feet orJtr. NW. cor. Pine and Lacanasta,
107 FELL-HOUSK OF 6 K'JOM-?. BATH,
"i i) I large yard and ce'lor.
\* 11 -' E HALL — H— A>\ BY THE MON OR
-*-> night. K. HILL, 997 Mar<et st. I
QQ 3ROOMi?. 334 BKYANTSr., BETWEEN ;
0 •'• First and Secor.d.
SOA 7 ROQMS AND BATH. -'5-9 BRYANT i
O— U. aye., be'- Twenty-third and Iwenty-
fourth sts.
1 9AQ JACKSON StT NKAR JONES; 9 :
L— > ' rooms, hath: sanitary plum Dine: mod-
ern Improvrments: a!l newly Jilted up: plenty Of
■ an; cable-cars; marine view: rent 910 **•■ .
month, w»ier lnciud-c'.: kf>" at No. 1205. Apply
YON iiIIEIN A- CO.. 513 1..: ifornla SU
-71 9Q MABOK, NKAR LOMBARD-8-ROOM j
— X_.O house and bath; n»«-ly renovated; rent 1
*15: rent free Ctli Qr-tt of mootb. j
S4)«» >C>\V HOUSE. 6 KOOMS AND I
• — O. bath- in good or.lf r: laree garden; wnter I
frte. 26<7 Howard St.. Detween Twenty-aecond j
and Tweity-thirJ: cars pass.
T7* Hot>E S KOOMS. 1230 PINE ST.; ':
_ I O. tauor can pay rent wi:-h uork.
OU>; s TO KtM >v;: VtKV LI ITLE
money al BALDWIN _; HOWELL'K, 10
>'-omgo_iery «t.
OO; i BUSH — SUNNY HOUB-; 9 BOOMS:
J _._.' ' yard: ren: r»««T»nl«> :o a cood tenant
URMSHKD HOUSES.
TO LET— FUKNISHED MODERN t-UNNY j
corner flat: t> rooms and ba:h. Apply on the
prera!S"s 14. J Hateht «t. I
UKMSHKI) ILATS.
rpO LET, FURNISHED— ELEGANT MODERN !
X cottage of 6 rooms: bath and basement. 11*36
Eddy st., bet. DevisaUero and Broderick.
Q99 -:rv i<jK adults-. 4 v OMFOKTAbLK
•_— — .«JU. rooms: lath: 2 btds: 2 stoves, gas
ar.-i coal. 1917 Geary s:.
FLATS "WANTED.
\\' ANTED— 2 FLATS: MODEKN IMPROVE- {
»» menM: east of Pol- anl Lor:h uf Market «t.
." ddress Z . box 68. tall ________
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS AND BATH; I
403 Laurel st., near Sacramento: cars_pass ]
iho door; rent cheap. .apply iIADISON &
BURKE.
/<otta<;k<pF4-unny books: BA SKMENT, !
V- ; Urge chicke:.-yarJ. coops, et c, : 1 % block* sou:h !
from terminus: ■■ i»nty-n:n:h-s:. elec:ric-c»rs; rent
»11; wa;er free. "J9 Harper st.
J.i f\ KICK SUNNY COTTAOK, FOR SMALL ;
IU. famiy. -.0 Johnston aye., sear Geary-t_ j
cable-cars.
.--11 WILLOW AVIS.— COTTAGE 3 ROOMS,
. Ol X with or w!:hou; s;ab:e Apply 1110 Eddy, j
YEW CuTl AGE; 5 KUJMS: BaTH:BA^E- l
— ' n:»>3t and iarce garden; rent cheap. Apply I
i7Ha:t;eat^ near Eighteen. h-su car. j
Q t'NNY TTAGE, 4 LARGE KOOMs, BASE- j
O ment acd yard. 1564 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores. j
r-- RKAH COTTAGK, 3 KOOMS: QUIET, j
t_ O. suncy. 715 lehama St., near —Ighch.
TO LET-COTTAGE i KOO_3 AND BATH; I
ren: 518. 449 Bryant st, :
FLATS TO LKT;
r. 1 9 SUNNY FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS, '
O i —. ba:h, gas and yard. 3923 Nineteenth st , .
>:«m ; oe ai-d banchez.
(_IX LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
fJiLO. bath, eas; grand v.ew. 1512 Csstro s:., '
near Tweoty-nuh; cars ptss the door.
I|| 6 SUN.NY ROOMS, .MARINE VIEW. |
0 1 U. SW. cor. l'olk and Union sts.
O' 1 1 FIR>T. NEAR HARRISON (RIVCON I
OOt l HUi)— Flat 3 large rooms; large yard. •
71 f* NATOMA. BET. EIGHTH & NINTH—
IID Flat of 4 rooms : ashe3 acd water paid : 9 10. j
1 ATTTIFT; L >• EW KLAT NEA KTH X PA RK *
X) at low rent to re>ponstbie party, with refer- :
ences. Apply at owner's omce, bO3 Sutler st-,
room 43.
1
1 TOK POST-3. 4 AN!- 5 ROOM FLATS:
X vu baihs: garden; rent $15. • ■ -
1991 POST. Bi-T POWELL AND MASON— '
"—•—3 Suany flat of 3 rooms: 816.
IAHi KI.LISST— NICELY LOCATED M'»D-
XU± crn tlat of 7 rooms and bath: renl *'-5.
(T.-I 4 FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD.
-. OXri. 214 Eleventh st., near Howard.
90 FELL ST. - M iDEIiN SUNNY BAY- ',
T'^O winiow flat 5 roomi and bath; cheap rent. \
ll'l FILLMORK ST.— UPPER FLAT 5
XXI/ 2 rooms; cheap to permanent tenant.
QlO UrPEK FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
O *■ O. 16*.'5V> Pine St., abow Van Ness aye.
IJEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5 ROOMS: BATH: j
J> stationary wash tubs: largo yard. Apply
• 1521 Broadway or SHAINWALD, BUCKB-E !
<s CO.
VHW FLAT?-, 4 AND 5 ROOM-: «13 AND j
—i $15: modern improvements, i.666 Twenty- j
.- " second st.
FLAT; 5 ROOM- AND BATH. 7.9 HARRI-
on s:.. bet. Third and Fourth.
91 OA O'FARRELL, NEAR BRODERICK— j
«--l-»J < ± bonny side: large 5-room flat, with bath '
and otLer modern conveniences: has iwo large ■
separaterear rooms: runt reduce! to $20, must
be seen to be appr-ciated.
T/LAT 8 LAHGE bUNNY ROOMS: CELLAR; :
J $9. 29 Ringo:d a-, near Ninth ai:d Fo.som.
pHOICE UPPER FLAT: 7 OOMS; iIODERN
\J improvements. 1710 Hyde st.
lilfl ELM AVE.-2FLAT3 SAND 4 ROOMS, ;
Xi-l\J $6 and S7 month; water, yard. 1612 |
Golden Gate aye. * 1
Q9/J 6 LARGE R(JOM>»: LARGE YARD i
C— U. and stable: 4144 25th et.. near Castro. !
515— Low*r flat; 1411 Guerrero st., ntar Army: i
J rooms: porcelain. i
OAK-5 BOOKS, OH WILL SELL FUR- •
'-O nitureon easy payments.
DO YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OM COT- I
tage: cheap. See sPtCK A CO., 602 Mar.et.
LATS TO^ LKT rOR VKKI LITTLE
money ai BALDWIN _ HOWELL'S, lOMont-
eomery st.
C--I *: LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
ijrxiJ. 19th: 5 rooms: porcelain Dath.
pHEAP MODKRN FLATS, b AND 6
= V> rooms, fs 10 $16; ._ t h. ra. 523 --vent:! «t.
HOCSEKEEPISG KOOMS.
•tiryant Street. .
■r-j-I BRYANT ST., NEAR THIRD-LARGE |
OXX sunny salte; running water; $10 per month.
— u«h Stroe:. ,
"I 9001 BU«H-a FURS ISHED ROOMS AND !
X-.-.02 back parlor; whele or single.
V Clementina Street.
O -: C CLEMENTINA-2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
furni?hed OmS housekeeping; JurnUhedor un-
_ddy Street.
QlR__s_ .T? OK 3 trKFTJBKIB__B OR
IP 1O furnished sunny rcoms; refeience. !
Kighth street.
-119 EIGHTH— F -ONt" AND BACK PAR.
1-L*» lor and 3 furnished rooms. R
tlii* street ~~ ~
- •JUC , S - 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS-
O\JG complete for housekeeping. w_ a ,
J n.t> ■«;„.. ~
°.l 4 FIFTH-LARGE, SUN.NY FRONT BED-
•JI-±room; kitchen; oath: no children; pri- '
Pi'il.iinure Street.
QI A 3 LARGE SUNNY RCOMS TO SMALL •
•w JU. tami'.y. 2212 Fillmore a. ., near Clay.
i uUoin xrou..
COA FOLSOM-FU KMSHED ROOMS COM- i
<-»JU piete for housekeeping ;_«Jso single.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 ~A\ GOLDF.N GATE AYE.— FURNISHBD I
1 O W cr untarnished rooms, ch»»p; other rooms.
V t ">C\ OOLDEN t.ATK-UKGE SUNNY AL-
«->■_. yj cove; not. co water: single, $5 up: refs.
CO! I fin LDF.N GATE AYE.— SUNNY- l'AH-
'-'— lor floor, honseKeeplng, $25: also sunny
baeement. $la. . >:.-:■■ I
fif\^{ _ Olol£J GATR AYE.— LARGE DIX- !
UVIJ ing-room and kitchen for faojseSeeping.; 1
HOUSEKEEPI3CO ROOMS — Contlnneil. 1
Howard Street.
HOWARD-2 LARGE SUNNY RCOMS !
O— forhouse-eeplns: sink end running water. !
/•»)•_• HOWARD— ».' KLY lU NISHED i
0_.»") rooms, single and double: gas and bath.
Tfl^ftHi.WAßD UNNY FRONT ROOMS:
J UOU a<o housekeeping rooms.
onne howard— furnished ROOM \
_UuO for Uousekeei'lng: gas and bath.
llyde Street.
6 HYDE — S UN N V HOUSEKEEPING
rooms: private: bat n yard.
- c*sl<* Mree:.
AOO SIE— FRONT FURNISHED HOUSE- '
udO ktepin? rooms. *6; aUo single, cheap
/•-I n JESME-3 ELEGANT IUKNISHED
DIU rooms; complete ior housekeeping:rect 16 :
i^i.irnv streer.
-I (\A KEARNY — 4 on 6 UNFURNISHED
lu'i rooms and bath: a bargain, j
L-rkin Mr««c.
/>IQ LARKIN ST.— TWO HOUSEKEEPING
OXO rooms. $12; also beau'.ifa 1 sneny suiie, with
piano.
— eaveuworth Street. ,
-1 - VENWORTH— BASEMENT ;
OXO rooms; coxup.ete.y furnished for house-
keeping: $12. " '■
Slartlia I'luce.
Q MARTHA PLACh, FF GEARY ST., NEAR :
O Mason— Front room. S; 2 housekeeping rooms, ;
$1-: single, S6.
McAllister Streos.
79 AX MCA LLISTEK-NF. WLY FURNISHED
I _-l^ front rooms wi:h t0.:.-ekeeplcg privileges.
j.inna Stroe;.
CiD WKKa-nrßMsnlO ROOMS FOR
OiO house. eeping; large yard.
- .0 MINNA-2 Mi. ELY FURNISHED SUN-
O'lO ny bouse-eeplng rooms.
Jii>Mpn Streos.
C"Q MISSION— LARGE FRONT 6UNNY
CO J room: light liousekeeping: cheap.
fl f - MI>SION— BEDROOM ANU KITCHEN '
y^x i complete for cousekeeplng.
1 *»<"-> MISSION (EAST LY.NN)-KLEGANT j
IUUO fron. suites: new: clean: b.ue-Same ,
s:ovei: gas.
>-tom» street.
n,\ NATOMA - 3 SUNNY FURMISHKD i
U-itJ rooms; complete for honsekeepinj: low \
rent.
Ninth Street.
91 NINTH ST.-BUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT !
— I housekeeping; running wa.er; other rooms.
TIQ NINTH st.— FKONT BAY-WINDOW
i -L»7 sni:e: sunny all day elecamiy furni«h*d '■
for housekeeping; modern folding bed; £3-0 per ■
week.
1 90 iINTH-2 OR 3 NICK SUNNY FUR-
»— O nished rooms; suitable for honsekeeping; !
nice sunay yard.
Octavla Stree:.
1 Q(IT octavia — handsomely fur
IOU I ctshed sunny front room and k!tca*n.
i ost Mre«..
Q99 PO"T - 2 PLEa-saNT FURNISHED !
• — — honseteeplng rooms separate entrance: [
yard.
seventh Stroo;.
1 <9 SEVENTH (GIKAKD)— SUITES AND
1j« kltccens;al*o single rcoms;r.ewly renovated ,
Twenty-fifth Street.
_1 '9TWESIY-FIKTH ST.. FEW DOOR*!
ttXO_. east otCastro—2 sunny unfurnished rooms
(private fsmi y). sul able for light housekeeping; 1
ba:h and launJry; ladirs only; rent *0 per month.
Miscellaneous.
3 SUNNY ROOMS, HANDSOMELY FUR j
nished: complete; private home; e.egan: sur- '
roundin s. M.. box 82, C-11.
KO7 MONTGOMEKY. COR. CLAY — OPEN '
«J— I DDtil t-:3- o'clock; branch c&ica ot Ihi
t -_l: tutscrlpUons arui ntm ads taken.
K00313 TO LKT.
""-•-"";*•• * l t' Brsnntn >treet. •' i«.*v"
79" BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH- NICE
* —O sunny rooms: $8.
_.<ldy street. •
: I 1 Q EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE:
lit alsi other c.eau sunny rooms: $5 up: no
transient. .
fcighth Street.
CHERMAN ATARTMKNT HOT"*?;. 7* PTH '<
: I— st.. rtPRr Market: surnished stid onfnralsfied.
;■ , I
91 fl KIGHTH. NKAK FoLSOM-3 LARG-
OXU room.: rent $10.
— -1* >tre«i.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INCANDEB-
XV cen: llchis: reading-room, saioicinc-room and
ladles' par.or: rooms per night. 3oc to $1 50: !
week. »2 to f8: month, S3 to 830; elevator on
I otiice floor; rooms with hot an. cold wa:er: baths. '
POYAL EAGLE, OPI-. BALDWIN— NKWLY
X\i furnished suites: singie; elevator, heaters, eic.
i.itri stieD..
rrnr. cosmopolitan — felect family
J hotel: 100 Fifth st-, cor. Mission: rooms
i 60c. 75c and *1 per iilsht: $2 to »5 per week.
I —
Filbert Street.
p-| Q FILBKRT— OENTLEM >N WITH REF- I
Ol •' erence c»n have nice single front room for !
*4 per month.
. luiion Mroet.
3 FULTON (FULTON^ HOUBB) - NICELY
fnrulshed j_.-; sing. c or en suite; S8 <£ $15 up. |
MliSll ■ Stree..
CIO GEARY — ELKGANTLY FURNISHED i
•JIO bark parlor, suite*, double, single; board;
light house-erping.
rriHE MAP.TINET, 1101 geary. sw. cok. i
X Van Ness— uandsOme suites, newiy furnished. |
Orove Street.
1 nr GROVE, NEAK POLK— NICELY FUR-;
J \JO nished lar^e squny room: rent 91.
1 /-OO GROVE— i.AI:O « SUNNY FUR-
I \JOS nisned room; nini,lng water; near P«rk '
panhandle.
. ,
i_.o\r_:<i Mree..
n~ A HOWAP.P-FRONT SINGLE ROOM FOR i
\JO\J gent: cheap.
I 1 QQ HOWARD, BE'l. SEVENTH AND '
LXOO Klshth— Nicely furijtshed front room, ',
with kitchf>a reasonable.
1 9 9J_ HOWARD — 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
I<J-T for housekeeping.
1 ftnO HOWARD, COR^cR FOURTEENTH—
IOU 8 sunny rooms; rent 59.
Jones Mree..
9nT J'jNES (''THE V AN WIN KLK")-HAND- !
_ U i somely fornlshed rooms, suites o. singie.
_ — ■■ j
I —cure y Stroui.
ARUMTOX BOU^E, 327 KFARST — |
J\ Pleasant sonny rooms, co mite and single: flrs: ■
class In every lespect: term* reasonable.
Lark In S rea..
Q97 LARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
O-. I Desirable rooms, fnrnished or unturnlshed. ■
Cf\A LARKIN - LARGE BI'.»XY FRONT, i
Cv/tr with small connecting room, neatly fur- '
nlihed; tlO.
__ |
.'... k.-t gIWSt,
IAQ" MARKET OH E NOR IN)— FUR-
J"«W nisbed hou .rkeeping rooms; front suite ■
for otiice; transient.
VOSKMII K HOU.SE. 1045 MARKET — I
I ii.'gh:. 39c to $1: week. *1 50 to« 5: faraUles.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLAIE, OFF GiSARY SOUTH
"» above Mason— Lar_e sunny front room for 1 or
2: 99.
lUli'. - 1 it .
AOff MINNA — SINGLE. STJNNY. FTJR.
ttOD nished front rooms, t<: Urge front room, ■
cheap.. • ■
j 7 MINNA— FINE LARGE HOOM FOR
O'l i Housekeeping; 9*.
UCtH iiINN A. COR. EGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
UU I nl-be<i bay-window room; 91 per week.
.■■;-»!<>•• -Ti-i-t-..
HANCOCK HOUSF, 7«l MISSION- «KLECT
famllv rooming-house: 91-0 10 94 p>r m.
m<~ MISSION — FURNISHED SINGLE
• ro<>m-(; J5.
i owe t >.ree .
fTIHE WILLISFORD. 212-214 POWELL— new-
X iy furniihe. sunny rooms; telepaoae.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
_ t |
tlXtta H ree .
THE PIF.DM'NT, 119 a BJXTH— NICE SUN-
X ny rooms: modern couvenlences.
>le>«n»on Street.
7QQ BTEVENSsON 5>T.. NEAR NINTH AND
I i7ti Msriiet— Nicely furnished large parlor: '
che»p.
Mockton Place.
THK EUROPEAN. 17 t-TOCKTON — FUR-
Xnished rroms $1 50 to 42 50 per weak: suites ;
$3 50 to IH p»-r we»k; by n!t:h., 50c to fl 50; hot .
und cold water, elevator: traii&teQt.
Sutter Stree:.
1111 SUTTER— NiCKLY FURNISHED
XXXX rooms: suites $12; also single rooms.
Taylor Street.
I flO TAYLOR— LARGK ROOMS; $ 1 75 AND '
LVO *2; sunny single, 91 25 and 81 50 week-.
- O TAYLOK — SUNNY CORNER SUITE; '
0 '— nicely furnished; hot and cold water.
————————————— —-——__ — . — . •
'1 Uik hires..
ii^rURK-LA ROE SUNNY SUITES, j
XX U handsomely furnished: single.
r; IO TURK-SUNNY FUKNISHED ROOM: ;
<JIO fording bed; running water: grate: gas and
bath; CU>.
Iwelfth Street.
1 J TWELFTH, CORNER HOWARD—
-L *l *J N icely furnished housekeeping room; rant
reduced.
T— entieth Street.
°.QOQ twentikth - 2 sunny FUR-
tlwWi/ n shed rooms: cheap.
\ i.v .\(» s AVItUUD.
1 ilOfi VAN >*E*>S AYE -ELEGANT STJNNY
XrX\J\J fnrnished and unfarnlsaed rooms.
IiOARDISO AND BOOMS.
7-19 POS! — ■_• LARGE SUNNY KOU.MS. WITH
IJ. board, for flsea. up; u*e parlor aad piano
4I 9 KDOT — LOVELY FRONT SUNNY
trJ.— rooms, witn board; for 2, $10 a month
Q(JC VAN NEtb AVi- .NEWLY FUR- j
OUCJ nlshed innny rooms or suite, with r*arO.
OOM FOR 2 GENT..KMKN WI H BOAKD; !
Gei man home cooking : *j a week. 6-5 Valen- I
cia st.
HOTEL BUtTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY '
hotel: fer i:ces: all modern conve...ences; j
RnlKton tah.e«, if desired: n«*w m»na^ement.
CUILUKt.. IiOAEDEI).
\\r ANTED — YOUNG SCHOOLGIRL^ TO I
'» board with widow. Address MRS. L. ii. J
BROWN, postofficf, HavwarJs, Cul.
VICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC. '■
X> and close to gooJ sfhool: $10 per mouth. Ad- !
dres» MRs. E. L. BILLI-, Golden Gate, Alameda
County, i_al.
oLi> NCRSK LIKE To TAXI-; ONE OR TWO 1
children to board: MTSM reasonable and mo- \
ther"<i care; r-iia le. 56-> Bryant st.. in the rear.
STORES TO LKT.
stl f\ 100 " LARKIN, CO '. POST ST.—
IU.«JU. Store aid hvi;iß-<-oOrn : n«"w; mod-
erd aad central. Apply Kr.LLY, 102 Eddy.
TORE WITH 2 LIVING- ROOM-: FINE
O pUc for restaurant: rent 113. Haixht s:. i
SAN P.AFAKL-STOKE ■ TO Li; L;CA-;
0 tiotis suitablf for furnl:ur» and upholstery,
fruits and vecetabi*-j. candy and notions. GKO.
D. MIEARKK & CO.. Real t- Eta c Agents, San
Rafael: opposite broadzauge depoi : epen Sundays.
LABGK J-TORK, . SHOW '.Vi.VDn.i.. AND
4 large rooms: rent on y *22 60. 4-2 Sixth.
BAKERY. 1130 HOWARD; L_BU_ STORE !
and -i living-rooms; cheuo rent.
417 THIRD-2 KUOMS AND LASEMENT; ,
rIX 1 h\%o tint Apply 41 71/^ Third st.
LOST.
T OST— large i.ound moonstone
'j brooch, with diamond crescent. Finder will
be rewariei by returning it to DR. DUPUIs. 713 :
Post st.
BUNDLE OF SHIRTS LOST ON KKARN Y.
Xj near Jackson si. Finder plpu*e return aarue to
Electric l*aundry. 215 Valen last.; libera reward.
LOST— AND WEDDING RING NEAE
- XJ '191 Nntomast.; inl:U s D. H. on ring; <5 re-
ward. 2:-;7 Natoma s'.
LO.-T-A I'IAMOND IN SETTING BROKEN '
l^offastud: iib- r>»i reviard. ■ 1310 >toclcion st.
— — — — —^— — —— — — — — - ____________
LOST— A PAfSBOOK WITH THK HIBEKNIA
Savings and Loan Scciety o 1 t-an Fraucisco, lo
the nam« of CLARA WEYMOUIH: No. 202,351.
The nuder will please return o bank.
T IBERAL REWAKD rOil LADY'S GOI
Xj watch, Elgin muvem case No. 1.e04,9t58,
loit ADnl 14, If returned to 1221 O'Farrtll sl
LOST— G Ll> ltF-HOLDKK: INI-
Ua!s M. L. D : reward f5 C. 8., box 93, t.a!l. !
! ] OST-I'OLK. NKAR HAVEs, MALE FOX
1 Xj terrier: wbit».wlth back and tan he__; leather
collar and bell: liberal reward. 21 Polk st.
lIEDIC.V-.
ALL CASK* OF MONTHLY SUPPKKSMO.V !
(from whatever cause) restored in a fe-
honrs: safe and sure at any time; instant rell»f for
travelers; homa in confinement: best care aal
privacy; regular physician: 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrate l remedies for icontaiy
cnppresslon never fall: every case guaran:eed:con-
luitation tr>e. coonden lai: bojri .v to 5: plllsiSL
MRS. DX. WYKTU. 816 Pos. sl. near Larkln.
DX. J. H. JO-sELYN. THE GIIKAT SPECIAL-
ist, stUl offers his va uab.e services to tbe'bn-
lortonate. Witn a mind ma ured a:id eurictied by
studies of an advanced orOer. there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue or human ills he can no:
treat to a perfect c> ra Ladles, be lsainuys read/
<o assist you. His knowledge hu teen sireng:..-
ened by ez:easivs txpfrience. Rio caie peculiar
to your delicate organism H beyond t:s «ure coa- •
trol. His fern»:« xuoaihly rt-medl«-s are sure aad '
r»fe In ihelr efl-ct». H:s trltd and valuable reai«-
(Sies for iost manhood »re nrver-failin; in ihetr I
■ ciion. ana are warrar.ied for both youn. »nd oid.
He excels all others in the cure of private cisesses. !
over 6iJ yean nf practice enab es him to warrant i
a cure In ail cases. Consuuaaon periors. yjj ;
Market st. Call or w rit« direct u> »ot» Market s:_ !
rooms 11 and 1.. "
I'KOCi.SS THAT IS J'EKrECTLY HARM- :
i«rss: never fa'.ls in any caee of ir.onthjy s'.ck-
cess, no m otter wha: cauie. no electricity rutn-
oug or other dangerous melboas. _on«y in tret?
case refunded If a euro is not efitcted; travp.en
tt!j*d immediately; years' experience: home la
conflnemen: witu sanitariau lonveuieaoe. Con-
ic!t tree the only reliable phrsicians, DR AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 — CAlUn:er St., imjxl — lUtira.a
Bank: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 and 1 IoS r. —
»LL LADihS USE ' ~ ~"
ALL LADitfi USE ■
RENARD REGCLAUNG WAFERS.
An Infallible cure. For further particulars call i
or send 2c stamp to Paclfl<- Coast Airencv i
H-.VARI) MEDICAL CO.. 323 Spreckels build- I
ing, 927 Mai t-t st , S. F., Cal.
APROCKsa IHAT VJCJt i-AILS itlkV |
ttora every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when m >alcin>>i .
and others have ialled; no instruments used;
many years' expenance: er«cr case guaranteed-
advice free*; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MKs. DR. I>_L_Y, ll_i
Market «t . ovrr ib» Owl Drugstore.
ASC— W PROCESS— NO 3IEDICINE OR IS- j
rtrument u«ed: every woman ncr own pbysi- '
cian for all female troubles, i:o mat er from what
cause; resto always in one day; tan be sent :
and nsed a: home: poiltlva cere; genuine new >
process can only be had at my office: advertised
_U years. DX. PuPPi.R. 31«'Kearny st.
. , |
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPULES-A
guaranteed absolute cure for all f-rca dis-
ease^ (no matter wn»tcam<»); potitlve y safe and
sure: no dauser or after effects; lakrn-'ia .Uma It i
alsoacsas a preventive; price $150 per box-
sent fre«> by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye. ' .
DX. AND MR*. WI-OE.SKK. 628 EDDY .ST : !
private home; every comfort: separate roomj
before and curing conflnement: female comolaints !
skillfully treat'd; rt-goiar physician: quick relief
for tiavelers: test care; (er.i s moderute; bablp*
adopletl *v good families: ronsultailon tree; pilis _ ,
DR5i GOODWIN M'hU.VLISIS," LA DIE 3 :
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, eny ':
tilsruecr complaint: home forpatiecis: best skill
Iree diagnoaij: low tees: self-cure.' 401 Van Nesi
* LPEAC FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TOLA- i
__. dies with ieinale troubles; nodancer- safau-d
«_re; f2 50exi C. O. D. ; Oon"t delav'nutil too
late. O&GOOD BKO-.. Coast Agents. Oa_land:C_i.
A fcl'KK CURE FOX ALL FEMA-K DI3. i
•■ ■*■ eases from whatever cause: a borne ia coo- i
Cnement with every comfort: satt.f-ctlo- "t-
-anteed by MRS. OWYER, __8 Tur_ w.
« LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND i)l^
XX. eases of the eye r«rmanentiy rnrrd at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
I\U PKAK- FEMALE RKOULATINU PILLH- I
XJ gafs and efficient emmenacopne: $1 ter o-jx. 1
RICHABDS < _CO..dro 409 CUf st.. sol« agt*
ITN>CRPA-bED REMEDIES FOR FKMALK
J troubles, diseases. JIKiUK. PUETZ. _s*i^ 4ci_
I .H. HA—, 14 McALLIST-K^TBEET. is__.x.
XJ Jones. Diseases or womea ana chlldr-a.
I'KOKESSIONAL CARDS.
i:ICHARO^ LA W OFi-JCKaT— '■
O 9(8 and _7, -roclc_c Miimiii^.- itivflWiM M-_ i
'tii, baa I'racctsca Cai.
PERSONALS.
yorxr. mas of GOOD character AND
i- habits, '» oidlng a good lucrative posiitoti. de-
sires the acquaintKnctt of a re portable young |
l»dy (Protettant only) matrimonially inclined and
with aoaie means: particulars ia firs- letter; no
triflera. P., box 2, Call.
QPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
0 lultflrtaslni and manicuring be|t!ns Monday,
April 26: half rates aiven. Up-To-Date Panor , '
1028 Market «t.. over The onder. TeL Mint 1595
STERILITY AND MPOTENCY
0 (ail cases), au fo ms of seminal and leccor-
rfcee*. diseases and weakness permanently cured
b» a course o- DR. fMI.H's ELEC RO-M !
NETICUaTHS; very little expns<- too: hygienic i
board, sunnyrms. SANITARIUM, 1533 Buchanan, j
pABINET BATHS FOR LADIES AND !
\J gents. ALICE FAY, 128 Seventh SL. top Ha . !
ADVICK FRKE: DIVORCE LAW' A fPEC-
lalty: private; uo fee wlihon; enccess; pro- !
fa- c, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale*
dan-aces, etc; priv.tte detectives: estab. 10 year*.
G.W.HOWK, a 1 ya:- IMR *"5u Market.cor.Stocktn
* RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOURHAIR-
J^ dresser? Have you tried L-derer? Mv nnir-
dres.-ia,- co.-w oali- 25c for any s:y:e (only one
1 rice), acd is easily the test In town; swi cries j
run from $1 to $A; bleachiug roots of hair. 50c:
restoring jjra» or uleac^eJ hair, from *1 6J to $5.
G. LKDiCRER. 11l stoc»ton su
!
ELKCTRICITT IS LIFE •~~ '
JCJ -pir,»i complaints, weak and lame backs I
cured as wi-ll as RHEUMATISM, at DR. I
SMITH'S ELrCTKO-MAGNETIOB THS: don't
put it off, buticrae to-day: sure cure; hygl?mc 1
board. SANITARUM, 1533 LUCUANA.n ST.
FACIAL BLtMISHhS. WRINKLES, SMALL- I
pox p. nines anci superfluous hair removed by
lates: discovery; sunken eyes and cheeks fll.ed
out; taldness cured. MRS. E. KING. 5-4 Satter.
\\'IDOW DSSX—BS TO MEET EASTERN
'* gentleman: object, business investment.
Room 3. 22S Post st.
MME. MYRTLE POTIER REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st. to 33 S.xtli, room 17.
I KUNKENNKS" — CU«_ GUARANTEED.
1 ' (Jo.d > ure. Sacramento, Ca).; 26 Page St.. S. F.
ANTED— BY A YOUNG W.DOW A GKN-
'» l!«miu partner; sma.i capital. 139 Taylor st.
TH_ LARGrST, THE BEST, IHK QUICK-
est, the n.-u'.ur.-.. lbs cheapest, the largisl and
be-l uairdr. es.ablishment un the coist: the I
neatest a::d politest assistants and artlstst the j
quickest and cheapest service; halrdressinc, any
style, Is only *sc; bwitcnes run from si to $3. G.
Li.IJEKKit", 111 Stockton st.
VINE BLACK >CIT: $12 50. iIISFITCLOIH- ■
1 Ins parlors. 513 Mouisomer/ at. -
1(11 If I BUS.NKSS CARDS PRINTED. 50:
J.UVJU weaalng •rark. HILL, "2^ Geary su
OME. A *RIE\D AND MOTII CARE.
MRS. l>h. LNKE. 1416 Kl nth «U. Alamedx !
RY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT; MODERN ;
tailoring: 10-.yes: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs. '
TusEPIJ UhEVEa'S OPKKa SCHOOL FUR- •
0 t.-I.ei solo«. duets, quartets or entire opera ac s !
for the pru!essl"t<al s.itae, ana for oratorio, concert j
or tlmn.li as »c.l. on shortest iionce. Murphy '
bu:l(Jlng, M. rket snJ Jones, rooms Lxl and lJtx
X ELI ABLE AND KFKIiiENT DKTECTIVE I
i.t service. F.iooij 19 "0 and VI, Chronld- bldic '
MI>S JKSME AND LIZZIK Klit-GAN, LATE
l'J with G. Lederer. exper; hairdresser, ayeir. •
and bliacl::ng :t specially. 124^ O'i-arreU s:..
phoce Btotra ; 5i
QUITS 1O ORDKK ON INSTALLMENTS- $1 ■
Oa wt-ek. N. V. U lorlng Co.. 115 Kearny. upstairs I
TWO RKXOrtSEI) ITALIAN RE^TAC- I
Tauts cumbined: F. DELMoNTE A CO.. pro- •
pne:ors of the o.d Bnon Gusto Hestauran:, 431 '
i-. road way. have consolidated with MR. ANGELO
DtLMcNTE. proprietor of the celebrated Flor
d'ltaila at 4SO-482-434 Eroid*ay. jast opposite. ■
AGMSCOI'E - NKW i-KOJECTIM* Ma-
chlr.e; u»r« the klaetoscope ti.ms; price ru-
(luceJ. $150 IGALL I'l. 946 Market su
IJIO OUTDOOR sTERtOPTICON "HOW F.VE- ■
13 ry night cor. Marke: acd Sixth s'.s.; artistic »l- i
Tertisemenu in living llgbt: promoters of bust-
cess. ccr-.su.: OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
If ARTINOTON'S i-CHoOL Ol' MaGvZINB i
I and Newspaper Illcstratloa: particulars a* io
terms, etc 4-4 Pine su; illustration^ luruiaaea ■
lor magazines, IMwspapsn etc.
Ktl'lUUt. ANiJ PILES CURED: No Pa
nntil cored: tend for book. IIRI M_>'»
I IKUJ PORTKItFIKLD HSU MarkeiV-
Eii-» IN KVJB— ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third «_ rr. — arket: ,
100 rooms SMo to f 1 W |er r.tght: $1 60 to fi p«f
week.; ires bus and : a«;cag» io and from the terry. j
Ci-OAK> FUKS A-».< aHI.-> lIKTAILKD — » [
\J 'unolctale pricei. >ac:orr. 28 sansome s- [
\ WKEK'.S NEWS FOP. 5 CENTS — TUB
■ x A l-.V. KLV CALL. In wrapper, for mailia«r-
ILAIRVOTAXT3.
\\*hat is YOUR VOCATION?
«I HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPFS?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lit. the d»rk veil of !
your fnturellfe: she gives yon valoabe DVICE
and AID in ail aff.i.rs of .iff. of private rs well ad
of business na tire as. tor tsnee. pertaining to ;
Love. Matrimany, Fneodship, Business Law^urts,
Coutested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims.
Journe.s. >perul: ions. Mining, etc.
s;n«> discovers lest or stolen property, rinds buried
treasures. rr»-vents s;ckues< misfortune: recon-
ciles the s«-p»rateii, thus resioring lost happiness. ,
Every person i. adapted to some 1 articular busi- ,
ues«, nr f-Mion or raae.wh.co may justly be term- '
ed thei iru-» vocation, and yet mure tuan half of :
you are fl;bting atraicst an unknown iau tor fame,
:ortu;.e and poslliun which you do not and cannot
obtain 11tr.1l o-.i lir.d your true vcration.
«'mcc hi-r.rs. 9 to 6' aslly and i-unday. Fend
stamp for cirr. nar and special terms. MRS. DX.
F. U.AKK, 1206 Maiketsu, ?an Francis. o.
R'JOMS CROWDED "
AND EVERYBODY SATISFIED
TEL.LS }i;.L NAME.
AtKs NO QCbSTIoNS.
MRs. NA-H.
CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
This celebrated m»d:um. tne clairvoyant of a.l
rli'irvo. ants, who sees it »1. tells you ail and In-
«'antK- tlves you peace and happiness ln-ver
asK a fj-.H-it:on, bat before you utiera word 1 leu ]
your name, n-inirs in full of alt tliai you are inter- ■
ested in. all dates, f>rts. etc I tell you who are
irae to you and who are f»!se, what hopes you
may hay- wlnnln; your d-sires and wfcaiobm-
c!e» are in our way and how to remove tn>-m. j
How to make tne best of your talents and pios-
per. How to get moaey. I fi.id lost .irtic'es and
iccat- hidden .reasure. B*fore en ertnc Into busi-
ress. law, divorcf or marriage consu.t me. Drive I
awa] • v;: spe is. stumb:iu. blocks, bad luck and '
habits, cn-l overcome at evil wmks, r va s and I
enemies. I never fail. I have brou.ii. about ;
more happiness than »ll oth-r meliums. i leers
are be hen c.l: why no: you? If you are going io '
see a medium, why no b"e tlie very best? It costs
no more. No: nne to be paH tn advance, and if i
BOt entire •■ati^faciory uotning at aIL l>o you
deslr- anythlns fairer than th»t? Residence. 4-0
Eddy si.. b?tween 1 eavenwerth and tird-. Offlce
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 p U.
LADIES RK«-F.IV_D ONLY
N. R — Nosi?<:S. .nently locased.
\ J iIE. Dtt IHOMAS. s-Clt.N 1 ific; KEVI-.Atr
ill er ty eggs and cards: UUI eoilro lifft pas,
rrrsent, 'u:nre. ccnsultatloni on aa attain: no:n-
inc excepted; names given: good advice: tors
littp: restores tost lov» by sympalliy: mistake im-
posslbie: fee «1 : letter t--t> Post su. rir L&rklo.
MMh. PEARL RAYMOND. FROM THE
tast: mignelic treatments. 7 Grant aye.,
rooms 7 and 8.
MJlr. MELKOURNF. GIFTED CLAIRVOY- I
ant: never fails: call and be convinced. 419
Geary au, room 22. second tl or. 25c an 1 50c.
MME. HAVhNA RE DS LIFF. FLUENTLY:
business advice; namesglven: 25c up.s Fourth. |
XpTHELOKAY.CLAIRVOYANT.CARDKEAD-
JLJercnd palmis- 1 ItJ j Misaiua su.bet, 7iband Sth
GYPSY REACEII, 3 .SEVENTH ST.: i
Udies 25c, gents 50c: a 1 fjueuions answered. |
ON-ULT LUCKY MEDIUM: READ-* FROM '■
cradle to grave; 25c. 31 M nna, basem nt.
MRS. MELVILLE, W r LL- KNOW CLAI R- I
voyaot. 51 Fifth St.: wa:er reaain.s specialty. i
ME. VIOLET CHESTER HAS AKRIVED-
pxlm!st. magnetic nealer. Rms. 2-3. 223 Posu |
MME. UOKaaU, BEST FORTU>E-TKLLKR,
medium, card-reader; .'sc up. 764 Howard st.
fa _^
\|JIE bYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO i
■»»' grave -.pictures given ; ladies 2. -a 914 'F rreil.
SPIKITCALIS3I.
IPEST MKF.TINfi 8 P. M . 10c. 335 Me LLIS- '
i ters:.:Mi;i, Cleme;s. Ka:e iiemsmm; seaed ,
letters read in all languages: sceptics Invite.!. -. .,
. 1 i LARKIN ST., 8 P. M. SHARP-MRS. !
ill Lillie and otners: good muiie.
AM. FHANCTS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writ-r. 118 Halght St.: hours 9 until 6p. m.
\J Rs. MAYO STEERS, 112^ OAK CIRCLES I
I'i. Tuesday. 8 p. M., Thursday, a p. v ; readings.
MRS. C J. MEYER— TEST CIR. 2 AND 8 P M •
i'l tests to all; 10 sittings. 326 McAllister st.
TJEMOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE B..ATK-
XI writing medium, is now located at 1122 Market. •
Mks. J.J. \ HITNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, j
for n.e. sages act advice. 218 Stockton at. •
-
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE j
falls: aiso IaDKM. . Hypnotic i nst.. 6 u'FarreiL •
-HOTELS.
ÜBOOKLYS i HOTKL. 208-211 BUSH BT,
JL> , board aud room $1 to VJ per day. f 6 to $14
fer week; ciiolce rooms 50 cents to $1: solte
icons lor family $1 to«l 50 per night: Ural-class
•—vice: tf«* cvaco. CHARLES —UMCiO— i
' 1 1', ''j 1 11 ir,^ r~ri iii' rf'i j \ t iiiWiW\U lil'lii ililll'a l iiii ilii'i * 1 1
CITT REAL ESTATE.
WILL SHOW YOU BIG MONEY IN REAL
f> ■ ESTATE.
WILL YOC A9MtH.lt TEAT IN BUYING
Gco-1 judgment must" be used?
Don't c-as.e your mouey foolishly.
Le: us 3 ow you ate and paying investments.
Will star: you to be a lanulorJ.
$300— Lot 25xl'-ofeet; off. sutter-st. car line:
(1000— a corner: cozy cotlaxe; sunny; Mission:
suitable for poul ry.
$1600— 4 flats. B«ar2ds:.: must sell.
$ 55j— A Hats on Haye< st- : great bsrealc
f3SJ(i — 4 new tint* nr. 4 h X.l rents 555.
$.->s'o— lo-room bonse on Minna; rente $45.
$3700— cottages; stable; lo: 50x11* feet: very
Cbeap. . ~ 1
$5-iO— 2 elegant brand new flats: rent *50. W.
S-tSOO— 3 elegant flats: 1 bloclc from Market st.
$6000—3 fla.s on Powell su. near P.ne-
s7ojo— 6 :ew flats. W. A.: rents *75.
1 8J1 0— Fine business property, w.hia 2 blocks
of Bth and Market sis ; renting $800.
tlB.(>i>o— Kusiness property on O'Fa-re:i, near
Mason: large lot.
$'J5.010— Business corner: 30- foot front: nne
improvements, not far from Orpheum: pays 7 per
cent.
*35,000— Business property; b'.ock from Bald-
win; SO ft- front
Other barcaina at SPECK & CO.'s, 602 Market.
Si fWMI KKSTB $81 PER MONTH OR li*
C 1 «-M Mr. net . lot 40 75; 6 flats; N. side silver
st., near 3d; mus: be so to close an estate.
©J-Afk 10-ROOM RESIDENCE. IN GOOD
O~* «J"cF. condition; NW. corner on Stockton
Bt. : both s:reeis done; bl; barzaln; see it.
sJQnnfi h^egant residence of 14
i£V\J\J\J. rooms; built 2 years: contains every
modern appliance and cost $13,000: NW. corner
on Buih st.
C. P. TROY JR. & CO.. t>3o Market st.
Q1 Of\f\ WILL BUILT* COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
XOUV acd bath including lot 25x100: not
Ui from City all: $-200 rash, balance same as
rent. W. W. kEDXaLL, owner, 13-'tf Hayes st.
CC. BKMIs.
. KEAL tsTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Cholre bnildlnzlot on Army and 27tb st» : close
to electric road.
t4sO— Sun Carlo* Villa lot; 100x150 leet.
167C0— 5Ux127t6 feet ou JacK< 1 St.. overlook-
lusr the Presidio and bay.
$5500— modern houses of H rooms each at
rark: -6x137 :t> ie«jt: eirciric roaa passes oousl's:
make offer.
18500— Elegant NW. corner n: OMa and Cari 6ts.
J3oo— Choice film lots north of paric.
l.ar;ain— SW. cor. VtftMi ay. »ud c sU: 109x95 rt.
SEE THOSK NEW HOUKKB ON WEB>TER
s .. bet. Va lej'i ami Gree::: Fillmore-s. cars
one blocs; modern In every particular: fini»h«l in
natural woo.l->: very sumy: flue marine view;
owner will show Lou->e to-day; small ca^h pay-
ment if desire-].
BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAG. Agents.
30 Montgomery st.
srj-^nn NEW. eUJISTANTIAU MODERN
iyidUU. park homes: up to date in every de-
tail: contain parlor. dining-room. kitchen,
pantry, 3 bedrooms, bath, 2 iurnisbea nltlc
room-, hard timshei basementt flue p umblcg: 3
elegant mantels: fine i.a* flxtnret: marble steps;
Urge lot: sunny side of Fr«der.ck st , .-.ear >tan-
yan. Take any par* l«ie tv >tanyan s'-,wal^ 2
blocks sooth; ncr and bai der on premises.
V'^nnfi EasTLakb cottaue, 330 HILL
\±d\J\J\j. si., nr. Ca-itro: 5 large rooms, bath
and basenent; lot 2bx114; partly rnortzaced:'
ruortg'RH caa remain if desiredt good neighbor-
hood: place not large enough for piesent owner.
Appy BKIUDEN TIRNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer.
&'J-ji/i NA lOMA-ST. HOUsE OF THREE
*M"U. flats; rent $30: always ren.ed; lot
25x75.
*32OO— Clementina s'.: 2-story house, 8 rooms;
nnt reduced to $2J; lot 25x80.
These properties mus: be sold to close an estate:
n.i reasonable offer wilt be refused. Inquire 714
Natoma su ■ No agents. ""
L OR SALE OR TO LET-3-STOUY HOUSE,
JT 315 Guerrero st ; furmerlv Hansen D.ein^
and Cleaning Works: stpam p9«tr; well and
pun-.p: s aole. 5 stalls; 40x112: easy terms; ap-
ply on rreru ses, 1 to 4 p. St.; also cot: age, 5 rooms
and bath. 302 second aye., near Clemen >£
01/| f\(in ELEGANT RESIDKNCE; 2-
CTJI/.UUv. story, basement uud attic: b.l-
liard, store rooms, etc. : lot 25x137:6; house alone
< obc fl^.OOO: this i- a grea"- sacrifice: see owner
on premises. 727 Golden (iate aye., near Frankilu.
Q9= 6 LOTS ON 10TH AYE. AND G ST.,
• «-«-». south San Francesco; title clear; terms
easy. Apply V. E. GIGLING. 613 Mission st.
ttnAACABH, balance saIIK as rent,
' VJ\J for new bouse; sunny side of Co'e»U,
near Waller: size ot lo: '-'5xl'^5; cou:: 8 rcoms
and all modem improvements.
GKOP.GE M. bALSBURY, BUILDER. WILL
VJ call and ciTe low estimates by irtssi:. s'Jl
X su. Sunset Heights.
ACRIMCK: SW. COR. OF 'iOTH ST. AND
O ireacav». 25x110. Her . tint., 1205 Mt-rker.
MONKI TO LOAN
I IBKRaL ADVANCE ON DIAMOND?, JKW.
J-" elry. e;c: lew Interest. Cutrrste Loan "tli.e,
r. 7, Flood bide, fcU'J Market: teL browri 191.
~7 IX)AN» ON KUK.MTCKE OR PIANO
J\-. Id S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: n.-> commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 'o iOUS Mission »v above aixtu.
tele phone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RESPKCTABLI: AND PKIVaTK
place to obtain lihercl adVMnces on diamonds
end je«eiry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
S.ore. 948 Market St.: telephone Green 201.
fWm AT 61 FKK cent on city
.<Z)iJ\J\J.\J\J\J real estate :aUo Oakland: es-atei,
life lusa ranee, second mortgace, any sum. Maa-
fcattan Loan Co., 10 Mills tulldl.is. ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. •-DOK ol'MOitl
estates, nndivldel m>resu, real estate in pro-
bate: fnroltnra *d«1 pianos wstiiou: reuiuva^
McCOLGAN. in X3out«omer>- t:. room S.
ILHV PAY HIGH INT. ON >MAi.L LOANS!
'» We .oat, at 650 interest per n>o. <>n each $IUJ
on 2tl mortgage; any «>ecuniy ooid. box 4, ColL
OjQO" ||||i|.U' BANK KATES: laT AN O
©O-«J.I/UU 2d tnortcaces. estate*, renw. etc.:
Jtnd a* iovc as $5'J H. ML'RPdV. C2s liarttKss.
ON.KURNITUKK;, very low interest:
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Halt ava.
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY MKAL EaTATE;
ill any amounu WILLIAMS. 214 Piae 51.. r. 3.
1 AU.OW ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
<JplU low Interest. JOS. B. iOPLITZ, 3dJ Pine.
Q i\ IO $-0,000: LuW>.Vl' ItATE; IST A2D
iSifJyJ mortit: auy proposition. Dryaen. 413 Mont
A NY MM, I>T OR 2ND MO.-VTG..GE-*. KS-
JA. tales in probate, etc. i'.n:. 7, 508 Calitornla. su
ON) FURNITURE AND PJANO>: No RE-
movai: low rales: priva:e party. -19 Powell, r. i
ON FJA.V ANI» FUKNITI-KE. WITHOUT
rrmovat very low lmeren. lid McAiliuer oL
i.^a.NL:A;,.
WAXTED-EUhOFEA.N PKKMII.M BONDS,
»l in d or unlisted stock? g->ld, sliver ar.3
quartz bon^bt and assayed. F. tPhKAlll CO.,
♦S-8 Marie. su, opp. Palace Iio:el, S. F.
UOXEI WANTED.
\l HAVE *450: BIG INTERF.ST; FIRST-
i'I cl*.ss se ur.ty. D., box 10, C li ''flic!-
-: HOKSES.
FOR BALE-THE FINEST SADDLE HOKSES
and Shetland ponies In tbe ci:y. DaLZ.EL,
606 Goiden Gate aye.
;:«» Hi RSES FIIK SALE: WAGONS AND
<J'J harness, at car stables. 721 Howard st. auc-
tion every ue^day.
AUCTION SALES EVERY BATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium soles yards, -'-'0 Valencia st., S.
WATKIN-. aocticneer. - -
Al\ HOKSES FOR KALE: ALSO WAGONS.
*iv fcoggies, carts, harneas: Grand Arrade Horss
Marks:, 327 sixth st. : noctlon tales every W«u-
nesday. . ttLLI Va.N' & Do v LX. Auctioneers.
EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
j of gi>od harness, our own make, of ever.- de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catMogu.-. 110 McAllister it.. S. F.
r f\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLK FOR ANY
Ul/business 900 to IiOJ pounds. O.d Turic-s'_ car
stables, 1301 Tnrk: team of inrze youn^ males.
; WAGONS ANI> CARRIAGES.
C*lf\ CART; IN GOOD ORDER. 121 BEALE
<7 J. U. street.
XTi.W AND>ECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
*.' dry and milk wagon: also fine ton buggy and
rockaway. «'. 8 Harrt^on st.
PROPOSALS.
phOPOSALH FOR MILITARY SUPPLIES— M
X New Montgomery st.. San Frandsio, Cal..
April 26. i 897. . scaled proposals In trlol cate will
be received here until 11 o'c:o' a. m. May -i".
1897. a d ih<>.i ope ed for furnisilnc this depot
for supply of Stationery. Packsadd c Blankets.
Hardwaie, Horse ai.d Mv c. sbo^s, <ia, v. Iron
Buckets, A coho . Packing Boxes, Suble Brooms
Leather, Oils and otner miscellaneous stores.
Preference wl 1 b»> givea to arti< es vf d m stic
production and manufacture, conditions >f pnee
and qua Uy bel m equal (incia Ins ia the price of
f reien pro uc- ions and mannfsctures the duty
thereo'i), and sue . preferen c jrlveu to articles of
Amerii-'MU production and m«nufac.ure proJnced
on tne i «iflc Coast to -he exte 1 of the consump-
tion reqa red by the public service there. Ihe I
Uut'.ed States reserves the right ;o uccept or reject
any or 11 proposals or any part thereof. Proposil*
forde'ivery at other pom s will -be entertrined.
Information (nrnlsbed on app ication Envelopes
will b- Indor.ea -Proposals for Supplies" and ad-
dressed JAS. M. MOOKK, As<;.s:an. Qu«rternjas-
ter-Ueneral, U. 8. Army, D pot Q"arterinaster. : •
ttIISTKI KEAt. ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOME ISA BE.«VTIVCL VAL-
ley oi Maria Coun-.y: Icnated 1 block from
rallr. s ation and a>,2 m!le.> from >an Rafael:
very moiern house of 12 ro-^ms. with ''orches on
three sides; large ground comprl>iag 3a. re*.
SjAfjEAiH FOR THOSE LOVELY SUE-
-0 \J\J div'sionsof lOacres i 1 AamedaCountv:
land ri tb«; b-st tetng of a deep ionm soil, very
sii.tnb c for general home farms: near a eood town
and only ao miles from Oakland; one-third c«sh,
b<ila[.c« on time. - -;';:: ;'■:,!-[
T OVELY PIECE OF LAND FOR A SUMMER
Xj borne; b-iween 4 and 5 ncres: located on
Zayante lißek; fronting oa main county road to
f-anta Cruz; aoou: l» s miles from Felton: portion
be. vl y tiuibered with love y pines, live oaks ad
madroie: sma 1 hou**of i rooms: price only $BCO.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A, CO., room 29, second floor,
MUU bjildin^.
1 <JT FOX SALE-S900; 225x171; NEAR
i-i Lake Merritt. East Oakland. Particulars 63.'
Market St., room 5.
VPO ACKI " s GOOD UNIMPROVED LAND
■— CU lnTuolumne; also 160 acre-i in Mariiosa;
wood a:U water; cheap for cash. A. BRUUNKn,
1714 Polk s:.
ftJlUlil FOR SALE —80 ACRES LAND
tj.TWUU. near Santa Cruz; 41) acres cnti-
vated, 40 pasture and tiri.ber: house 16 rooms:
suitable for summ-r resort: orchard, carriage,
ho s»-s, ca;:le. fmpl-meuts: plenty wa:«>r; also 20
acres, sui::.ble for chlckeu ranch, for (1000. 10C9
Mission St., s. V.
GRkat Bargains in land; f35 PER
ai-re; small p. aces: mproved and unimproved:
AlaniHla Co tor de:alls write to H. J. DIGGLEs,
69 Colnmb a building. Market s:., s. F.
1/,-ACRE ORCHARD, MOSTLY CHERRY-
J. \J tearin-'. on am Leandro e.ectric road, c c
gsn: house, barn, good well water, for sale; a bar-
gatii: will subdivide if necessary. B. FASsLKR,
■Mm Lesndra
<^f\ ACKESCHOII.'K LAND NEAR AUBLRN:
<- \J valuailo 1 {4 iCO: will s^ll or exchange for
city or Oakland properly. J. H. EGi-ER-s, 1 and 2
Grand Western, M.r.ei St., c. r. Po!k and Austin.
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK, HOMr.S A SPE-
cialty. A. li. CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
Souoma, I aL
1 '»i.-ACHi; TiiACT AND 140-ACRE TRACT
J.«J'' at $20 per acre; high and sightly; well lo-
cated for poultry raising. A. H. t'HtsSMORt,
-0 oma. la..
'ftJll 1 ' 1 MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
'i> IV unimproved I and: terms losuit: fruit, gram,
vesetate^ rail auu water. K. 65. Chronicle bids-
FORCHEAPLANDAND ALL'IM PROVED
X 1 ranchoj near town, wri-e to \V. J. FOSTER,
Keiseyvii:*, Lake County, Ca.
<J-r AX ACKE: I^BJ ACRES TIMiiER; GOOD
<v •' fur stock i.r fruit: rlon:y water. S.. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
FrnUvale; only a minnte's wallc to the station-
see ti:e owners at their office in Fruitvale for bjx
calcs. BASSr.TT EROs.. Fruiivale station.
C I C\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS Mr.LKOSE STATION
rim iv»u Tract: streetcars ana local trains; only
Cl down and 51 a week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwitv, Oaklani
GET A CHOICE. HEALIHFIL HOME SITE
while prices are iow: lota «100 to flso a;
Fitchburß. beyond Fruitvae: the best property
for investment now offered: local trains ani
electric car*: 10 minutes to Oakland and 49 to
San Francisco: splendid climate, out of damp
l)«lt: soil exce.len; lor gardening: very best water
tacili'.lev good school: terms to suit. Betor* buy-
ing tn this .ocallty see tLe owner of this property.
C. M. KUNKLH 915Va aaninutoa sl., upstairs.
room 28. Oa<lan.l. CaL
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
QOK TO RENT; FUKMSHICD COTTAGE 5
0 — «J» rooms anJ bstli: lot 75x'.'00 irui: and
flo.\er»; ucar eiecir.c-cars. etc. 13J1 Tweiny-
sixth aye- Frnttvale. I- as 1 . Onkta nd.
OAKLAND FIRMSHED HOUSES.
LOK KENT— FDRM-HED HODBK OF 12
r rooms on beiehis adjo.rjins Oakland: 10 min-
utes walk from broad and narrow s^uage depots:
45 niluir.es to San Fr.<ncUco; ren: :or l-i. li or 12
■v.ih*. HERON Jt H"l.Ci>MB. 1050 Hroadwoy.
~ = i
OAKLAND KOOMS TO LET.
To LET TO TMK PROPER PARTY— T^OR^2
sunny roonw; npstair?-. elthtr fnruUbed or un-
fnrnished, with breakfast, if de«lred,. in choice
loc&li y, at reasonable price*, where home com-
lortsian be enjoyed, in s;rict:y private family;
references exchanged. 1217 U'ebiler St., <_ak:aa"d
Cal.
OAKLAND FIBXISHED KOOMS.
I ARGESCNNYRO MS: GALINDO IiOIEL,
J J Oa!i:a:;d:uua.-cl uptionftl. Bth St., off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTMMHfi
JIT.AMKT»\ HtAfi r'TAf!.
, AKOAIN: ALAMEDA COUMY 30 MILES
J from city; choice land: srult, hay, grain, veg-
etables, with Ilvln: siTin^s: $25 10 535 per acre.
If. J. I>IGGLE:s. 69C01u-nban t>nild:n<. S. F.
FKOPKRTY. TO EXCHANGE.
EXIHAM-K FOX CITY, OAKLAND OR ALA-
J-i mcd.i. will pay equal difference, 48u acres, San
Luis Obispo County: all c«n ba cu.tlvated; 250
acres lev- l . price <2750.
ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE^ FINE
Stesrns lady's wheel; cheap. Devany Cy-
clery, sianrau s .
PROPERTY WANTED.
\\T A NTKO— TO BUY A HOUSE IN WESTERN
'» Addition, beu El. is and Bush s:s. ; 8 or 9
rooms. J. X.. box 37, Call Office.
DENTISTS.
VAX VRuOM dc CO.'S i-.LKCTRO- DENTAL
* a.lors. 597 Market st. : lady atteodant; no gas
or oih«r daugerous n«s:he;ici siveu; electric ty
gr-*at agent used -o relieve paiu; teeth filled
aua extracted piinles^ly by our new electr.cal
process: a written guarantee given with all work
done: lowest pnc-s. best woric; all sursica't work
att-n>led by G. \V\ Wiii.ams n, M.D., piysician
and surgeon: examination free by theu-eoi our
new elecrlcal appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge- work a:.d teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 99-7 Market st.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, tet. 3dand4tb; pais -pena isls: painle3i
extrac.ing. with gas, *1 : p.ates, «7 up: fill, $1 up.
TpULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED
X years; painless exiraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted It) y«ars: till Ings. 60c; crowns, 53 JO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth streei
87 FULL SET 7iSETH: Bt&T MAKE;
<? I . kept It repair; extractiag free; fillings.SOc;
crown*. $3 5a Pac.ric D en ua Parlors, 1# Third.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATK. DR
0 H. C. Young, 1841 Polk su
pOSsITIVr.LY PAIN._E>- j-.XI KACTIOX. DR.
JTU A RDING, COOSutter cor. Powell: teLmains37s
DH. J. J. LEEK. 1128 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings: Sunday j till noon; dentistry tan<h:
COLION Iih.MAL AS>?O'JIA i iOS. bOd -lAtl-
VJ kes st. 1»K. CHARLE-> W. DECKKK. :_ 1
&7 A SET FOX TKUTH—WA KB ANTED A3
V • Rood as can be made: tilling fl DR >l3tM^i
cenllst. ii'SJ Marie; tL, nex; iinowla 1 heater.
L>AI.\LESS h.XTR ACTION. 60C: CBUW3I
JL nridgo work sspeclAlty: plates $5 up: ISyeart
experience. K. JL WALSH. D.U.S.. 81534 Ueary.
1 \R. LUDLI7AI iiILU 1443 M..IKKEI' ST, NX.
XJ Eleventh; no charss ior extracting waea
pistes ara made: eld plates made over lilts ne*;
l*tta trom #3 p«r tei: exiractlog 6tc; gasgiveo.
I^K, UtOitUK W. LEEK. THK UtNTJLXS
XJ Lcelc denttit, oiscoverer of painless extncUoa
sod patentee o( Improved bndgs work or teata
without any plate, moved from to il» \J Farrellit.
AU WOKK KhASONABLK A.NI> Wa*
ranted. DR. J. W. iitY. 1320 Market sc
LEUAL NOTICES.
THK CALIFORNIA DE3RI- COMMISSION
X having received applications to mine by ti:e hy-
draulic process fro:ii CHARLE> and BEN HOW.
LET . in the Howlett claim, near Columbia Hi:i,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings In i\napp Ra-
vlr.e, and from the Margurriie Gravel and Quartz
Mining Company. in the M arque lie mine, in
Eureka Mining district, Nevada* • unty. to deposit
taihngs in a ravine, gives notice that a mee'.ing
will be held at room 89. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. CaL. on May 10. 1897, at 1.-isO p. v.
CITY AND CtiUNTY TRKAbCRY. SAY
Francisco, April 15 1897.— In compliance
with me provision* of sec;ion 6 of order 1598 of
the Boar . 01 Supervisors, approved >eptember 15,
1&S0, there will be sold at public auction by X s.
Spear «£ Co., at their salesrooms, HI and i\i -utter
street, on
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. M. sundry articles ot stolen, lon
ad unclaimed property recovered by ■ the police
tone of San Francisco, I s detailed in an Inventory
thereof on file in the <lßce of he> (lerk of the
Bo^ra of Supervisors, and : consisting of je-.v<?
wearing apparel, pi -:ol -v. knives, etc. also a lot of
truoics. valises, clothing, eic. property of deceased
persons received from the Coroiierof this Ctty and
County. Open for Inspection on morning of sale,
A-.C. WIDKKK,
City and County Treasurer.
jiakkiag:; lice-Xsks.
Th« following ntmi^ Jicensei hava b«ai
issned by the County Cleric's office:
Abe Harshall and Frances Ries 26—21.
in-or;- F. Dueckerand Mary Adami. 38—27
H. y. Norrin?ton an i Haiti? K. Lyman. '26— 2L
Joseph Baveraud Loniie ache'.llu. 28—21.
Edwari F. I'as* ami Mary K. Neison. 23-19.
Tnomas S. Harris ani Emiiy E. Cooley. 31—18-
Klmer J. P-ters nnd Sina Miller. 23—23.
John H. Frank i l »nrl H«l»n M. Murphy. 33—19.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES— OfiATIiS,
[Birth, laarrlaci* an-l dea-h notices sen: b7 mill
win not le tnserted. Tney mus; be hande.l In it
eltber of tha publication offices anl bendorul
wiihthe name and residence of penoai ai^jM.-i
tobave the same iJUOI;sn«J J
BOli.V.
OILMOUR-In •hi* cl:y. April 26, 1397. to the
wife of John Oilmonr, 30:1.
MUNCEY-In this cltr. nri'. SJ4. 1H97, to tha
wifeo! William O. Muncey, a daughter.
ROGERS— In thisci'.y. April 19, 1*97, to the wlfa
of Henr.- J. Koger*, a dansh:er.
SUM M ERS— In ban Jiwe. April 25, 1597. to tbe
wife of j ugh T. snmmfij :t son.
MAKiCttJ.
SCHWAKTZ-SUTRO-In thfs city, April 21.
ltiVi. Jaraue! bchwanzand Helen >utro.
WOLFE-LOKD_In this city, April 25 1897. by
the Rev. William H. Tubb. Klmer A. Wolre and
■i.iarn Lord, ootn of san Francisco.
Augustln, J. UmniMJ, Maria L.
CarJirT George F. Me can, ueors»
Cron. Cfcarl'3 L. Mullins. Nora M.
Cross, Elizabeth Qulg'e.-. Edward
Drake, Chariot. c McQ. Roarbacher, Phillip
Eilert. Mri. Mary A. Sheehan -arah
Heapaey, llicha? . J. Smitb, Charles W. Jf.
VUleg's. Qulrina
AUGUSTIN— In this city, J. Angustln, beloved
bnsbnnd of Mrs. A. Aagus'.in, a?t?d 64 years.
C3~Friends and acQuain:anc<>i ara respect-
fnlly invited to auend the funeral THIs. DAT
(Wednesday), from 63 Chenery street, and from
s-t- Pau 's Church M 9 o'clock a. it.
CARDIFF— in this city, Airil 25, 3897. Georpe
Iranris, ovea son of Richard J. and Margaret
A. Cardiff, brother of Jrs- ; h, Walter. Emily aod
Mabel CaraiC and grandson of Harcaret and
tbe la c Jobn Burke, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years.
Frlenda and acquaintances are respeat-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAVT
(Wednesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from the resl-
ueuce or his parents. 351b Minna s.reet, thsnea
to *«. Patrick's Church for servicui. Intermeni
Mount calvary Cemetery.
CRON— In San Rafael, April 25. 1837. Charles
Loais. beloved son oi Minna Croa, husband of
Sadi* Cron, father of Marguerite and Louis
Cron. And brother of Alcert, and Eugene Cron,
age.l *.tj years ani 10 months.
JK3*Fri<"ndi and acmialntances ore respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock m.,
a: the residence In San i.afael. interment Lu.
0. F. Ceme'.ery. San Francisco.
CROSS— In i his city, Aprii 26, 1397. Elizabeth, be-
loved mother ot Isabella. Josephin?, Lucille,
Harry and William Cross, a native of Canada,
asreJ 52 years 11 months and 14 days. Virginia
City (Nev.) papen please copy. J
£3"* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ;ne ruueral THIS .<AV
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. v.. from her late
residence, d 26 Pole siree;. Interment Cyprea*
Lawn Cemetery. -
DRAKE— In this city, April 27, 1897, Chirlotte
McQuesten Drake, a native of California, aged
o« years. .^.'-fflf
ELLERT— In th'tcity, April 85. 1897. Mrs. Mary
A. El.^rt, a na Ive of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 75
years 6 months and 22 days
aa^lhe funeral service* will take placa
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the residence of uer son, L. R. Eiiert, 1915
Webster s.ree:. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HEAPHEY— In this city, April 27, 1897, Michael
J., beloved husband of Nellie A. heaphey, and
sou-in-lawof Jeremiah and Hanora Mahoaey,
a native of Canada, aged bo y ear '- months aad
10 'lavs.
JKg" Friends and acquaintance] ■ are respect-
full w invited to auend the funeral TO-MOKKO A*
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. J33 Day s:reet, oeiween Twenty-
nimb and Tnir Noe and Sanchez, thence to
fct. Paul's Church, comer 1 went -ninth anl
Church streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose uc his soul,
commencing at 9:30 A. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LAMMERS— In this city, April 24.. 1397, MarU
L., be;oveil wiie or Henry J. Lammers, a naiivo
of Kfrmanr, aged 60 years.
frlenjj »nd acquaintances are respect-
ful, y Invited to aiten.i the funeral THIi UAY
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from tha
Inmiiy residence. 2198 Devisadero street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McLEAN— In this city, April 26. 1897. Georce
McLean, beiove I father of Eleanor B. Fereu-ion.
Mrs. ->iargare: S robrldga aad Alexander Mc-
Lean, a native of Kowuire, Scotland, aged 71
years. '_> .--,'; : *;
MULLINS— In this city. April 27, 1597. Nora
Mary, beloved daurbierof h.dward and Maria
Mulllns, and sister uf Mar-.- J., Agnes, Leva,
John J and Michael Mullins t»:ia:ive i>. County
Westmeath, Ireland, ased 19 years 4 moatas
anl 8 years.
S3" Friends and acquaintances are r?sD»c:-
fnliy invited to attend ihefaneral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her lata
resilience, 925 O'Farnfli street, the.ice to St.
Mary 'B Cathrdral. Van Ness avecae. wher» a
solemn requiem mass wi:i be celebrated for the
reposs of her son I, commencing at 9:30 o'clock
a. St. Interment Holy CroiS Cemetery.
QUIOLEY— will bean anniversary solemn
requiem bUh mais for the repose of tnesoulof
ih^ *te Edward Quigley at Bacred Heart Churca
THIS DAY (Wed.i-s'lay). commencing at 10
o'clock a. l£. Friends are respecliuily invited
to at. end.
ROHRBACHER— In Stockton. April 23. 1897. of
heart disease, Phillip, be.oved busbaia of Marie
Rohrbacher, father of Mrs. G. Kaealer aid
Emma. Adele aad Charles Rohrbacher, and
brother Of Henry Kohrbacher of Stockton aad
Mr*. D. Hoeltzel of Coultervllle. a native of
AUace, Germany, aged £9 years -J months and
26 days. Supreme Arch of U. S.. U. A. O. D. ;
P. N. G. A. of taiiforaia; P. A. of San joaqnin
Na 9, Stockton: P. C. D. Hardnagle Caupter
Na 3: Boadicea Circle Na 3. UruMs' Hall Asso-
ciation Doric Lodge No. 215, F. and A. M. ;
Charily Lodge No. 6, I. O. O. F.. bcockton: ex-
president Suddeuucher Verein and Veteran
Firemen.
£s"Frlends and acanalntances are 1-4309:1-
-fulty invited to attend the funerat TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o clock p. x., from his lata
resiaence, 310 Fulion street, near Franklin,
thence to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter street, be-
tween Stockton and Powell, where funeral serv-
ices wlli b» held under the auspices ot tne Grand
Grove of California at 2 o'clock P. v. Intermeni
1. O. O. F. Cera i- cry.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S As-
sociation — Officers aud members are requested
to assemble at their hall. Pioneer building.
TO-.iORKOW (Thur day), at 1 o'clock P. *.. to
attend the funeral of our late "rotb-r. P. Kohr-
bacher. JOSEPH S. MARSHALL, Pres.
J AMES Pkxktcook. ReC. Sec.
SHEEHAN— In th s city. Aurll 25, 1897, Sarah,
be.oved daughter ot Michael and Margaret
Shvehan. an 1 ssterof Joha ana Jaroes Fits-
rick, a native of .-an Francisco, a;ed 18 years
and 6 months.
JET Friendt and acqaalntancei are respeo:-
foliy invited to auead the fnneral THIS DAY"
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. if., from uer
late residence, 210 Moulton street, off Filimore,
ween Greenwich atid Lombard, tneace to St.
Br deet's Cuurch ior services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SMITH-In this city, April 26. 1897, Charles W.,
beloved nnsbaad ot Mary J. Smith, soa of Mary
A. anl the lats cnar.e* W. smuh. ani brother
of George T. and William H. smith. Mrs. D.
Jutton and Mrs Henry Blyth of Berkeley, a na-
tive or San rr3ncisco. aged 42 years. f New York
papen please copy.]
gyFrieads aui acquaintances are resosc:-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from his lata
residence. 14,18 Geary street. lntermen: Ma*
sonic Cemetery.
K. of H.— To th» officers and members of
Union Lodge Na 1895. Knizats of tionor: You
are her*-D. notltlei to altenJ tha mneral of our
late brother. Charles W. >rniih Jr.. from his
la « realdence, .1418 Geary street, THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at I -.30 o'clock r. sc. siarp.
GKORGE WALCOM. Dictator.
Charles G. Schaefeb, Reporter.
VILLEG In ci.y. AprU 26,1*97. Qtjlriua
Villegas. mother of tha late Mrs. David •Voer-
ner. a native of Caihuaaua, Mexico, asei 68
year 3. ■
Friends and acquaintances are ressec'.-
fu ly iovited to attend tUe funeral THIS DW'
(Wednesday), from the YgleiU do Nuestra
Benora de <>iiadali:pe. Broadurar, between Ma-
son aud lavlurs:ree:s. waere a solem n requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoje o: h -r
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. j*. Inter-
men: private, Mouu. Calvary ceme:ery. ; i
McAVOY A. CALLACHER,
FUXKKAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBAL3ILRS.
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoin School. ' '
Telephone South 80.
NOTICE.-THE BUbINKS* OF HcATOT
& GALL.ViH B «il. be conduc:ed a', tha
old stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the t e:.i-ns
of the widow of ihe la.c HKNKY J. GALLAii*
HER and his sls;er. MISS ANNIE V. GALL\O>
Ht-K. SIKS.H.J.GA LaUHEK.
ANNIE B. GALLAGHKR.
E. McAVOY, UNDERTAKER.
LSi Fifth St.. opp. Lincoln schoo'.
U. Ji A TOY. MANAGER.
Office Telephone South 70.'
Retiaence Telephoae, Pine 2161.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY 4SSOCI.4TIOJ
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUK THE SALS
1 of burial p'.ats and graves in its cemetery anJ
give deeds. ', 7Z
Perpe-.ua: care of lot «i:i be arranged for at th»
Fnperlntendent's offlcj at the Crmcr^ry corner
Buati 6treei and Centrad avenne. ban Franclsca . j
MOUNT OLIVET CE&IETERV,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: -NEARE9T CEilfi-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex«
elusive: location , unexcelled. , Oflice \iW ±Lmt±S
•Uie.. iv..: v coraexor suia.
1516
SHE WILL
FOLLOW
BALDWIN
Emma Ashley Says She
Is Ready to Go
East.
LUCKY CANNOT LOSE HER
THAT WAY.
She Has a Friend Who V, i .
Telegraph Her All the Money
Necessary.
WANTS TO MEET HIM FACE TO
PACE.
If Ha Will Only Prov.d? for the Cbiid
the Sisters Say They Will
Let H m Alone.
Even should "Lucky" Baldwin take
himself to the East he will not be rid of
his Nemesis in the person of Emma Ash
ipy, the sister of Lillian, who has seem
ingly devoted her life ar:d energies to
securing wiiat she claims to be justice,
not so much for her sisier as for Beatrice
Anita, her sister's child.
Emma and Baby Beutrice are still at
tne home of Mis. H. G. Woodman, 216' i
Porland street, where they found a refuge
Sunday night after leaving the Baldwin
Hotel. Mrs. Woodmau is a well-known
temperance and prison wcrker. and made
the acquaintance of the Ashley sisters at
the City Prison after Emma's attempt to
shoot Baldwin in court.
Commenting on there-port that Baldwin
was preparing to sro East to avoid any
further annoyance from the Ashleys,
Emma remarked :
"He can't escape me by going East. He
won't be there iong before I toliow. 1
have no money, but 1 still have a few
friends left, and one of them In ihe East
has Wiitten to me that whenever I wi.beii
to go East she would telegraph me the
money necessary to pay mv expenses. I
know sll the haunt 3 of 'Lucky' Baldwin
in the East. He generally goes 10 St.
.Louis, Saratoga and the places where
racing is going on. He shan't evade me.
Ho need not think he can escape me.
"I want to find him and make him face
me. 1 want to have a talk with him and
see if 1 can't make him do something for
the child and aci like a man. I only want
to have an interview with him. I think
he ■will listen to me if 1 can only meet
him face to face.
"Jusl imagine the situation. Here is
the child of a millionaire, whose mother is
too sick to earn her living, let alone doing
anything for her child, who is dependent
on charity for its maintenance. Can you
expect a woman to rest quiet under such
cruel wrongs?
"He is so contemptibly mean that I
suppose he would spend millions on law
yers rather than give anything to support
his child. Neither mv sister nor myself
want any of his money. We only want
him to provide for the b.iuv. A child is a
great deal of care. She is always needing
something. She must be educated, sne
must be clothed and fed and housed and
must have some one to take charge of her.
"I tried to have the child placed in the
Orphaus' Home- on Haight street, but
they told me they could not take her in,
as their rales permitted the admission ol
orphans and liali-orphans only. They
said it was a great shame that there was
no law ir. this State which compelled the
father of an illegitimate child to provide
for it. They promised to place the mat
ter before the Doaid of directors, which
will meet a week from Friday.
"I hardly know what I shall do. All
winter I worked and supported us all; but
now my sister is sick and I must take care
of the oaby, so there is no one to earn a
dollar for us.
"But Mr. Baldwin need not think we
are through with him yet, for we are not
by any means. We will bound him until
he decides to be a man. If he don't do
something he won't iive in peace.
"I see that Reuben Lloyi, one of his at
torneys, says we are blackmailers. I can
only repeat that we don't want a penny of
his money for ourselves, but simply for
his child. To think of a millionaire's
child being thrown upon charity ! It is
more than any one with any grain ol
feeling can bear. It is certainly more
than lean bear. If he had only a. little
courage he would face the situation like a
man.
"I hardly know which way to turn.
To-morrow I shall again see what I can
do lor the child and shall incidentally
continue to find Mr. Baldwin and have a
talk with him."
When Miss Ashlev paused Mrs. Wood
man, who is a iady 70 years of age, re
marked in a supcestive, questioning,
sympathetic w:iy: "J wonder if he could
not be induced to pay $"> a month for the
child's care at the Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society. Don't you think he would?"
Before any repiv could be made by the
reporter Miss Ashley remarxed in nope
less, weary tones:
"Hardly; I think he is too mean to do
anything unless he is compelled to. Even
if he were disposed to aid the child, his
lawyers would advise him against it."
FRESH WATER FISHES.
Professor Gibsrt of Stanford
Lectured Before the Fly-
Casting Club.
The Ichthyologist Said That the Trout
of the Coast Streams Were the
Biggest Puzzi- of AH.
Prosessor Gilbert, the ichthyologist of
Stanford University, lectured last evening
in the room of tho Fish Commissioners,
Flood building, t-eiore a large and en
thusiastic gathering ol sportsmen.
His subject was the "Fresh-water
Fishes of the Pacific Coast," but the
speaker gave the better part of the even
ing to discussing ihe peculiarities of the
salmon and trout families.
He said that there were live varieties of
the salmon, namely: The king, blueback,
silver, don and humpback, uiict that the
blueback salmon, which are very plenti
ful in Alaska, do not spawn la the streams,
but work their passage through the rivers
and tributaries until they reach the lakes,
where thfy reproduce their species.
•He continud: "Xliere ia a lake named
Allowa in Northern California where the
bluebacUs are very plentiful during certain
months of trie ysar. The Sacramento
salmon, which is known as the qninnat,
is a very common lish and can be found
in riiv of the large rivers north of this
place, "but the bluebaces do not get down
as far as our waters.
"In Idaho there is a variety of the
salmon family known fls the K-dti-h,
which affords "irraiut sport to anelers. It
has a companion which is n -mall nsh
that re-em it in almost every par
tienhtr and is known to Idahnans as the
Yank. Tho 'Yanks' spawn and live all
the year round in tJie lake, and 1 presume
that ihe reason why they UO not grow
to a large size.
"I think that the Fish Commissioners
of this State struck the righ; idea when
th»y decided to plant the young of the
salmon in the Bireantft contiguous to the
ocean. I'he recent planting of s-veral
thuusand salmon try in the Olema and
Paper-mill creeks and \l\e Russian River
has already shown si^ns of vast improve
ment over the old style of planting^ wnich
was in the headwaters of rivers distant
hundreds of miles from the ocean.''
A bottle containing two salmon iry was
exhibiten. One of the li«he«, which was
only a lew days ago taken from tho
Olema. hatchery, measured about one
inch in length; the other, taken in the
tidewater of Paper-mill Creek, measured
three inches in lengin and was singularly
<leep ,n i oj>ortion toitsmze. Two months
ai o i lie young quinnat salmon were liber
ated irom the Olema hatchery, and if all
or a good p'srt of the ones that were given a
chance to reach their native element, have
done at< well as the fry which was caught
a few days a>so in the brackish waters of
the stream, i. is safe to say that the Fish
Commissioners have experimented with
remarkably good success.
Tne professor said that four varieties of
silmon are founil in the Sacramento River.
The dog salmon — worthless li-<h — enters
the river in S ptember and spawns in
October and November. In fact, he re
ceived some fry of the dog salmon which
were taken from Scott Creek, a small
stream in Santa Cruz County.
"Ye«, we can segregate the salmon fam
ijy and distinguish the varieties easily,"
said the professor, "but I cannot say the
same for the trout of the coastwise
streams.
"Professor Jordan and myself have
time and time again discussed this trout
question, but candidly speaking we are no
nearer to an opinion than we were w;.en
we commenced.
"Possibly tne steelhead and the so-called
rainbow are one ar.d the same kind, but I
cannot say positively ;that this is a tact.
People Who Were Prominent at Yesterday's Session of the Fair
Trial.
The fish you call a rainbow an<l which is
generally known now throughout the land
as such is not a rainbow at all.
"It is a steelheao. and the fishes in the
Truckee and other inland rivers would
immediately depart lor the ocean if they
had an opportuniiy to reach salt water.
"I can give you no authentic informa
tion on this coast-trout .subject, as it has
been a puzzle to me since I commenced
the study ot it, but possibly the informa
tion you desire is locked up in the vault
of the Fish Commission."
The shot sent Commissioners Babcock
and Vogelsang from their respective
chairs, but they came aro'ind all rigtit i n
the course of time.
LEVELING THE HEIGHTS.
The Spring Va ey Water Com
pany Redeems the Promises
It Made.
Urging the City to Improve Its Lot on
Kentucky Sireet for Municipal
Economy.
There is a general tone of progress no
ticeable all about the Potrero district dur
ing the past three months.
The rollinc-milis started up yesterday
after being shut down for several weeks.
This placed about lf)00 men to work.
The Union Iron Works is up to its eyes, j
so to -peak, in getting out the plans and
specifications for the two warships, one
for the Mikado of Japan, the other for the j
white navy.
The Spring Valley Water Company has I
redeemed its promise to build a reservoir !
on the crown ot the southern heights, i
The company has fifty men at work there
preparing the loundation for a steel tank. !
Tne taxpayers and property-owners on j
the line of Kentucky street have been ,
commenting upon the policy of the ',
Supervisors in paying rent for ofd wooden '
shanties for the use of the police station '
and fire-engine apparatus when the City I
owns a lot on the southwest corner of
Kentucky and Twentieth streets, 200x200
feet square, upon which a building suili
cientiy commodious to house both
branches of the City's service could be j
erected.
The rock and earth on this lot can be
removed without expense to the tax
payers, as several persons have asked per
mission from Lieutenant Bennett of the
Police Department to take away the rock
for nlhng-in purposes about the water
Jront.
Another ?eed of the Potrero police
station is the locating of a patrol wagon
for the southern side. This is made ap
parent every day by the urgent calls sent
into the Southern Police station at Fol
som street for the wagon to remove per
sons injured at the various industrial
establishments about the Fotrero, places
where there are over 5000 persons con
stantly employed about niHchinery, which
is liable at any lime to injure iko.se con
nected with its operation.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1597.
DELMAS`
LITTLE
SURPRISE
Does Not Deny That Fair
Visited San Ra
fael.
BUT THE DATE MAY BE
DISPUTED.
Hotel-Keeper H?nry Cassou and
His Most Marvelous
Memory.
REGISTER AND CASHBOOK PRC
DUC2D.
A Fe ling Rife That the Defense Is
Preparing to Explcde a
Bombshell.
The whereabout! of the late Senator
Fair on the L'4th of September, 1594, was
the flitting shadow airain pursued yester
day by the attorneys engaged in the Fair
ca«=e.
That was the eventful day on which Mrs.
Nettie Craven asserts that the millionaire
miner made out two wiils in her house in
this City and also gave her the two valua
ble deeds, the genuineness of which con
stitutes the basis of the preent litigation.
Counsel for the Fair estate are essaying
to prove that Senator Fair suent ti.at day
in San Rafael and therefore could not
have been over on this >ide of the bay, too.
D. M. Delmas' cross-examination of the
witnesses who have so far testified to hav
ing seen the Senator in San Rnfael has
not as yet allowed to slip an inkling as to
just what method is to be em ployed to off
set this evidence. It is more than mani
ie*t, however, that the defense has "some
thing up its sleeve" in this regard. The
countenances of the attorneys for Mrs.
Craven plainly indicate this, and it is
causing the other side no small amount of
worry.
The frequent exchange of significant lit
tle smiles and winks up and down the
line seems to have a harrowing effect upon
them. And something more happened
that rather deepened the mystery. This
was an announcement made by Mr. Del
mas at a time when Lawyer McKnerney
was putting in his strongest, efforts to
show the jury, by means of his witnesses,
that Senator Fair arrived at San Rafael
on the 19th of September and, took rooms
at the Parisian Hotel. Mr. Delmas smil
ingly said that there was no necessity for
all the ostentation that was being dis
played in adducing this evidence, for the
reason that the defense had not disputed
that the Senator went across the bay on
that date, and, furthermore, was not go
ing to dispute it.
This deprived the other side of much of
its thunder. What is coming next is what
everyhodv is guessing about.
W. J. McMullen, assistant general pas
senger and freight agent of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad, was the
first witness called when court was called
to order yesierday morning. All he was
askea by the plaintiffs' counsel was in ref
erence to the lime schedule of the road
he represents during September, 1894.
J. A. Schneider, a barber and tobacconist
of San Rafael, was then called. Schneider's
son testified Monday that he saw Senator
Fair in San Rafael on September 124, and
now the father was summoned to add
corroboratiou. He had a book which he
said had entries that assisted him in re
membering .li.it he, too, saw the Senator
on that day, but Judge Slack would not
permit the use of this book in court.
Schneider resorted to his memory then,
and said the Senator bought some cigars
from him on the 24th.
Mr. Del mas proceeded on cross-ex? ru
ination to test ihe witness 1 ability to re
member events other than Fair's alleged
visit to San Ratael— to test him in the
same manner that caused the witnesses
of Monday's session so much discom
fiture. Schneider had only vat;ue recol
lections as to the dates on wjich ho was
served with aubpenas, when he talkea
with Detective Seymour, what the latter
had to say, and various other matters ol
that sort. But as regards the L'4tu of Sep
tember, 1894, he said his mind -was as
clear as a bell, even though the events of
that day were not of a character calcu
lated to make much of an impression
on anybody, so ordinary were they.
Mr. Del mas wrung irom Schneider an
admission that as soon as he found him
self on this side of the bay yesterday
iuorning he went directiy to the oflice of
the Chief of Police, and there he met De
tective Seymour. First he said he wa<
told to report there, and then when he
found that this statement caused the at
torneys for vie plaintifts to scow! he
equivocated. Now he was sure that he
lukJ only wandered into the Chief's ollice
accidentally during his search through
the City Hall for Judge Slack's court
room.
James W. Harris, superintendent of the
Calif ornia-s'reet cable road, was called to
testify simply as to tho time consumed by
one ot bis cars to travel from t lit* ferry
terminus to Uuchanan street. Fourteen
minutes, he said, was the average run.
Henry Cassou, now a lr.undryman in
this City, but formerly proprietor of the
Parisian Hotel in San Rafael, was then
called to the stand, and t here he stayed
all day lor the reason doubti -ss that he
is the plaintifts' most important witness
in connection with the San Rafael story.
He testified (bat Senator Fair came to his
house on the l!)th of September, 1894, and
remained there six days. Before he went
any further the court Indulged in the
u-tial noon recess.
Tbe examination of Cassou wa» re
sumed when court reconvened for the
afternoon session.
'•How do you remember that Senator
Fair went to your hotel on the 19th of
September, 1894?" was Mr. McEnerney's
question.
"Well, I had a btr: party coming to the
house at ;hat time," replied Cassou. "I
wai taking care of the Masons, who were
having a time there. I was arranging a
banquet for them. I was very busy at the
time, and remember very well that I
conld not give Senator Fair the rooms he
wanted."
"How do you know that he left the
house on the lisih of September?"
"Oh, it's down on the book — I remem
ber it very well."
Here Mr. Delmas arose and asked Cas
sou if he was swearing that the alleged
fact that Senator Fair left on that date
appeared on his book.
"No, it's not on the book," said Cassou,
contradicting himself. "But I remember
so very well."
The hotel register was ben produced
and Mr. McEnerney marie an effort to have
it introduced in evidence. He met with
an objection, however, from the defense,
the ground taken being that, while the
lact that Senator Fair registered there
was not disputed, the allegation that he
did so on the linh of Sev>teniber, 1894, did
not appear in the book. Mr. Delmas, who
presented the objection, called attention
to the fact that a marginal menioratidum,
written long after Fair registered, was all
there was In the booK to show that he did
so on the date in auestion. This
memorandum was acknowledged not to
bo in the handwriting of Fair.
"Nobody lias denied that Senator Fair
was in Rafael on the 10th of Septem
ber," said Mr. Deimas. 'This will not be
disputed, either, so why all this parade?"
Quite a little talk followed, in which
the court and Messrs. Delroas.and McEner
ney participated, and it was all about the
admissibility of the register. Judge Slack
finally decided that he would allow me
book in, but said he would reserve the
right to cunnge his ruling and strike out
the evidence if he should discover later
on that he waa in error.
Mr. McEnerney then read off the names
appearing on the'pace where that of James
G.Fairand his valet appeared. The page also
showed that Judce J. V. Coffey and "Mere"
Coffey were cavorting over in San Rafael
about that time, and must have been hav
ing sport with the native*, judging from
the manner in which they registered.
1 ne distinguished jurist who presides over
the destinies of ttie Probate Court first
gave bis residence on the book as the
"southeast corner of McAllister and Lar
kin streets," which woulJ be the City
Hall, and Jere's was given as Siicramento.
Their names appeared airoin on the same
page, lower down, but this time as hailing
from Silver City, Idaho.
Mr. McEnerney now essayed to hand the
book over to the iury, but Mr. Del mas op
posed this course because, he said, he be
lieved the plaintiffs were not sincere in
their statement us to what, was intended
to be proved by the i-ignatures 1 .
"I am not quite so blind as the gentle
men on the oi her side evidently think,"
he said. "They are not ollering this book
in evidence for the purpose of showing
that Senator Fair was at the Parisian
Hotel on Septemb?r 19, for if they were
they would not be so persistent in present
ing it after we have admitted that he was
there on that date. What they are trying
♦o do is to show that Judge Coffev was
there."
"As I understand it," said Judge Slack,
"it is being offered to prove ttiat Senator
Fair was tbere."
"Very well tben, if that will hold Rood
we will offer no further objection to the
register," said Mr. Delmas. "All we
wanted to know was just what the other
aide was endeavoring to do."
The register was passed over to the jury
for inspection and tben the examination
of (Jassou was resumed. In answer to
further inquiries be said ne nad a distinct
recollection of the 25th ol September — his
memory b*ing br;;siied up Dy a reference
to his cashbook — because Jon that day be
ran ont of 'olack ink and made all of his
entres In red ink. He pioduced the cash
book and showed these entries. There
was also an entry there dated September
19 and written in black ink, meant to show
thai Senator Fair was given two rooms on
that date, and opposite this in red ink
'"?<j," the amount Cassou claims he was
paid by the Saaator on the 25th for his six
days' lodgings at the hoiel. This book
was also suown to the jury, the uefense
offering no objection.
Cassou seemed to be productive of all
sorts of reminders of the '_'4th oi Septem
ber and the days immediately pr ceding
and succeeding it as long ns he remained
in tbe hands dt Mr. McEnerney. After the
cashbook and us vari-colored entries he
produced a document showing that he
registered as a qualified voter in San Ra
ise! on the 24ui of September, and this
also went into evidence without encoun
tering any objection, Mr. Delmas re
marking that, as it could liave no bearing
upon Mrs. Craven's deeds, its introduction
co-ild certainly do no harm.
Mr. Delmas "now took hold of tho hotel
man, and learned from him that it was
not the custom of all persons stopping
at the Parisian Hotel to put their signa
tures on the register. Tne witness said
they could register if they wanted to or
leave the book alone, as he was not par
ticular.
Counsel then went after the witness re
garding his memory. Cassou sintered
like other witnesses in this respect. While
he could remeniDer vividly nearly every
thing that transpireit during those six
linya that Senator Fair was ;it the hotei,
even to the details of n conversation he
hau had with Judge Coffey, still he could
not guess within two weeks when the
Judge next visited San Rafael, and could
recollect absolutely nothing of subsequent
conversations tie had with him.
The register was again leferred to, and
Mr. Delmas warned to know something
about the signatures of W. P. Lawlor and
n San Rafael lawyer, which appeared just
beneath the signature of Senator Fair.
Ca^sou said these names were written
there some time after the death of the
millionaire. They said they represented
the executors of the Fair estate. Alter
their visit the witness wrote- the marginal
entry opposite Senator F.iir's signature.
This late entry comprised the disputed
date "September 24, 1591," and was vrrit
ten. as near as Cassou coul i remember, on
the Ist of June, 1865.
•'Was Senator Fair a well man when he
was at your house that time?" asked Mr.
Delmas.
"No, be was sick sometimes," was the
reply.
"Wliat was the nature of his sickness?"
'He had the asthma — he couid not
brenthe. One night he wr.s pretty bad."
''Was there anything else the matter
with him that you* know of?"
"I knew of nothing."
Cassou was still on the stand when court
adjourned, so he will probably be asked a
few more questions to-day.
SANG THE "MESSIAH."
First Concert of the California
Music Festival Asso
ciation.
Handel's Oratorio G v n With a G cd
Chorus— To-Night' s Can
cert.
It was a very small audience that Mme.
Gonevra Johnstone-lJishop captured at
Metropolitan Temple last nig. it, but such
as it was the Chicugo singer may be said
to have owned it from the time she sang
her tirst solo in Handel'a good old "Mes
siah."
Mme. Bishop is the star attraction of the
California Musical Festival Association,
but so modestly has that organization
hidden its light under a bushel that the
general public was scarcely aware that a
musical festival was to be given at all.
Even amateurs of oratorio had scarcely
realized that Mme. Bishop had already
arrived. The quiet way in which the asso
ciation has tone about its work was no
doubt lesponsible for the homeopathic
quantity of audience present last night.
Tiio^e who did attend can congratulate
themselves upon having heard a rarely
accomplished j'inger.
Last night's concert consisted of the
"Messiah," with a chorus augmented by
contingents ot vocali ts from San Jose,
Sacramento, Alan.eda and Oakland.
James Hamilton Howe, who conducted,
had drilled and arranged the chorus,
which was unusually well balanced for
an organization consisting chiefly of ama
teurs. All four parts did good work, the
trebles never being too much in evidence,
and the teuors and altos bearing their
lull share of the work.
Tmc chorus that went with the best pre
cision, spirit and attack was. "All We
Like Sheej> Have Gone Astray, 1 ' but all
the choruses reflected credit on the singers
and on the conductor.
In addition to the full chorus, there was
a senn-cborus, consisting of twenty-four
voices.
Mme. Genevra Johnstone-Btshop, who
made her first San Francisco appearance
last nigh i, is a soprano of whom very flat
tering accountH have been heard, and >he
soon proved that nothing too much had
been said in her favor. Her Voice is full
and sv.eet. with n wide compass, and both
in cantabile and in florid pas«a£res she
uses it excellently. In the florid embroi
deries of 'liejoce Greatly" she was as
much at home as in the more feeling
"Come Unto Him." Every note was
rounded and sweet, and the execution was
brilliantly clear cut.
In addition to her natural and technical
endowments, Mine. Bishop bus the true
oratorio breadth and dignity of style. It
was a matter of regret that she omitted
"How Beauti'ul Are the Feet," for al
though the "Messiah" is almost invari
ably given with cuts, that gem is seldom
omitted.
Mmo. Moeller, the contralto, has a syrc
patnetic voice of true contralto quality,
and she sang well, but her voice was
scarcely powerful enough for the build
in c.
Thf bass role presents vocal difficulties
with which Homer Heniey was not able
to compete successfully. He sang '"The
People That Walked in Darkness" well,
but the more florid roles were rendered in
a slovenly manner.
Frank Coffin, the tenor, sang with ex
pression nnd good intentions, but liis
vibrato unfits his voice for oratorio.
Tnere will be concerts both thii after
noon and evening at Metropolitan Temple,
when Mme. Bishop will be tho cine:
attraction.
A NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH.
The People of St. Charles Parish Will
Build n Fine Kdiflce.
Rev. P. J. Cummins of St. Charles
Church is very hopeful that money will be
forthcoming before long with which to be
gin the new church on tho lot 140x245 feet
at Seventeenth and Shotwell streets.
"Wo intend to make a school of the old
church," ?awl he last night, "and the new
church, though the funds are not yet in
sight, will be a superb structure.''
As tho parish is bounded by Mission,
Thirteenth and Twenty-first streets, the
territory is surh'cient to warrant the build
ing of a fine structure. The population in
that vicinity is increasing raDiilly, and
there will be need for a ;ar«e church.
Mullen's HnspitHl Scheme.
C. A. Mullen, the privnte detective, and his
wile cailed upon Captain Bohen last night and
declared that their scheme to procure funds
by nu'Hiis of gluss receptacles placed in sa
loons lor the benefit of "associated hospitals"
was periectly legitimate. They further stated
that they had consulted with the different
hospital authorities as to the scheme and had
secured their approval. Detective Wren will
call upon the hospital authorities to-day to
ascertain what tbey have to say on the snb
ject.
XEW TODAT-DRT GOODS.
Novelty Black
French Etamines
And Grenadines!
Our importations of BLACK FRENCH FABRICS
for this season have all been received, and we are
now showing the choicest assortment of NOVELTY
GRENADINES and ETAMINES ever exhibited in
this city.
THIS WEEK WE WILL PLAGE ON SALE:
1 case BLACK NOVELTY ETAMINE DRESS
PATTERNS (all wool and silk and wool)—
D ' A $7.00, $10.50, $14.00 and
II it" \ $17.50 a Pattern.
1 case BLACK NOVELTY GRENADINE DRESS
PATTERNS (all silk and silk and wool)—
Pni/jn/ $W. 50, $14, $17.50, $21,
FJ It" \ $24,$27and$30aPatteru
EXTRA SPECIAL!
2 cases BLACK FRENCH SEASIDE ETAMINE
(al! wool), 46 inches in width —
PRICE, 75c Yard.
TELjBPHONB OKR.A.NT 184.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST Slrktci.
WILD ANIMALS TO
ROAM AT WILL
Latest Plans of the Pro
moters of the New
Mission Park.
They Want Acres of Land Along
the Hillsides of the
"Warm Belt."
Permanent Organization of Tbose
Interested n the Plan Has
B-en Effect d.
There was a meeting yfsterday of those |
most interested in the Mission Park j
project, and as a result permanent ortjani- j
zation was effected. There was ulso a j
discussion of the kind of park to be pro
vided, should the present movement
prove successful, und gradually the idea ]
of a zoological garden is shaping itself, j ,
and before the promoters are ihrouph the i
Mission may have its park peopled with I
specimens of wild animals from all over '
the world. j ,
The idea is to have a place of about 500 i
acres inclosed within a stout iron railing '
and to allow the animals to roam at large, ]
almost as in their native state.
A. B. Maguire objected at first to the
proposition of permanent organization, as j
he said it wai better to fo organize at a !
masa-meeting instead of a small meeting!
of the promoters. It was decided to go |
ahead, however, and so the following per- j
manent officers were elected:
President. Genr e D. Shadburne; first |
vice-president, W. M. Bunker; second i
vice-president, George Center; secretary, I
J. J. McEwen; recording secretary, J. H. i
Grady; honorary vic-presidents — Mayor:
I. D. Phelan, C. 0. Bemis, Colonel John
O'liyrne, A. B. Maguire, Major B. Me- I
Kinne, W. EL Crim, William Metzner, [
| Professor A. P. Tornilli, John A. Buck' I
George R. Fietrher anrt P. W. Donrmann.' '
The treasurer will te ciecieu at, ihe n ext
meeting.
The president appointed J. J. McEwen '
Colonel John O'Bvrne, W. M. Bunker T*. ;
V. O'Brien and William Metzner a com- ■
lniuee on constitution and declaration of i
principles.
W. L. Williamson, Major McKinne an 1 j
John H. Grady were appoited a committee
to secure the co-oi>er:ition of tne associ
ated cuibs at the next meeting.
It is intended to make i her ark a people's j
pleasure-ground in every sense of the !
word, not merely a square among a lot of i
houses. It will occupy acre? or land along
the hillsides and will be mado a credit to ;
the Mission.
BASS FOR SAN JOAQUIN.
The Maters of tlie Valley to Be
Well Stocked With
Fish.
The State Board of Fish and Game Com
missioners are making extensive prepara
tions to stock tlie waters of the ban Joa
quin Valley witn large and small mouth
black basts. That section isconsiderd the
besl in lue State, as In waters are spe
cially adapted to this kind of fish. Be
sides there are no very good food or game
ti«h in the main watersol the valley.
The wonderful propagating qualities of
ihese fiUfa may be illustrated by one of the
official report". Several years ago the
United States Fish Commissioners placed
thirty mature bass in a large pond near
Washington, D. C, and late in the fall the
old ones were seined out. The little ones
were then taken out and found to number
37,300. In their natural state the old fish
pio-ect their young until they are able
to care for themselves.
It is the wish of the California commis
sioners to stock the streams of the valley
with not only a game fish, but a food fish,
that will be a feature in the i"cal and in
terior markets within a few years.
The first move in this direction was
made by the commissioners leasing
Colonel George Sperry's large lake at
Alta, known as Aha Lake, in Placer
County. This body of water covers
twenty-seven acres. In thia will be placed
seventy-five full-grown bass, and it is ex
pected that by the time the lease expires
in tnree years, thousands of fish c*n be
taken from the lake.
The. commissioners have also rented an
artificial body of water one and a half
miles from Niles. This is known as Clear
Lake and it is live ac:es in rise, Into this
will be put 105 black hass. These two
lakes will be distributing or shipping
points. The ba«s to be placed therein will
be taken from the retaining pond at the
Sisson hatchery. There the waters are
too cold for propagating purposes for the
bass.
A large number of small mouth black
bass will be placed in the wat«rs of the
San Joaquin Valley at once. Tiiene will
be gathered by Deputies Wiison and Cross
in the sink-holes or pools of the Russian
River and distributed at once.
Russia's penal statistics show that in
the dominion of the Czar the women
criminals outnumber the men by nearly
50 per cent, just the contrary being the
case in other countries. Most of the
women criminals are unmarried, and tlie
majority come from the laboring classes
in me citios.
SKW TO-DAY.
Quality Teas,
Quality Coffees,
Quality Spices,
Quality Extracts,
Quality Baking Powder
AT
Great American Imprtini Tea Gi
MONEY SAVING STORES:
Operating ioo Stores
That's why QUALITY
is our stronghold.
140 Sixth st. . 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 2008 Fillmore st.
146 Ninth st. 300 s Sixteenth St.
617 Kearny St. 2510 Mtesloa st.
1419 Polk st. 521 Montjomiry aye.
218 Third st. 1130 Kentucky st.
3285 Mission st- Potrero.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 L Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAM EDA- 1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. f .
SPtCIAL SALE
Tailor=JV\ade Suits,
Value $20. Sold for $12.50.
ARMANDCAILLEAU'
46-48 UEAKY SiKEtX.