VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 12f>.
THE IOWA
HAS SPEED
TO SPARE
Fast Time Made by the
Battle-Ship on Its
Trial Trip.
SEVENTEEN KNOTS THE
AVERAGE.
Builders of the N:w Floating
Fortress Win a Bonus
of $25,000
ENGINES SHOW EEMAEKABLE
UNIFORMITY.
Not the Least Defect Apparent When
the End of the Course
Is Reached.
BOSTON, Mass., April 7.— Under favor
able conditions and to the satisfaction of
all concerned, the United Stales battle
ship lowa was given her official trial to- ;
day over the Cape Ann course, ana under j
the inspection of the naval board ap- j
pointed lor the purpose. On the trial she ;
made an average speed of 17 knots over'
the btj-miie course, exceeding her contract
speed by one knot and winning a bonu»
Of $25,000 ior her builder?.
The figuring of 17 knots is a close one
and there is not much of a margin to .
allow for error?, but since the tHal correc
tions are likely to be in the ship's favor it ■
is reasonably certain that tue official
ficures will show 17 knots.
The lowa tinishcd her run after nearly i
five hours' continuous steaming in just as
cood condition aa when she started, and :
without the least defect being apparent ,
anywhere and without the slightest heat
ing of her bearings. The conditions were
favorable for making steam and the
boilers showed an average pressure of 152 i
pounds, or all that coutu be expected of
ihem. Both engines ran witn remarkable !
uniformity, the revolutions of the screws '
not falling telow 111 per minute nor rising !
above lI.V-i. and averaging 112 for the run. ■
The speed was also remarkably uniform
between the several marks along the
course, and shows that the vessel made
scarcely any spurts, but kept close to her
best work all the time, the variations
being almost wholly due to the changing
depths of the water.
Immediately after the completion of the
course the lowa was sent along rapidly xo
port and then to starboard for a half circle
under way, to determine the maneuvering
ability. She answered her helm readily
and showed the possibility of turning a
circle of Jess than 400 yards. She was also
very steady in her trimming, and her
greatest angle of heel was only two de
grees. The absence of vibration, even
when the ship was driven at her highest
speed, was very marked. In Tact tne vi
bration could hardly be felt, except at the
extreme bow and stern.
The trial showed, in short, that little is :
left to be desired either in design or con
struction, and the official board expressed
it unofficially so. But the official report
Will be the same.
The stations were 6.6 miles apart, and
the course was thirty-three miles north
east from t:.e first station, about five
miles northeast of Thatchers Island, to
the sixth station, about a miie to the
eastward of Boone Jsiand buoy, and re
turn. Tne elapsed time for the first half
was 1:57:23; average speed. 1(5.873 knots.
For tne second half, 1:55:24; average
fcpeed, 17.47. Average speed for the entire
distance, 17 knots. Elapsed time. 3:52:47.
The ship left her moorine* in Boston
harbor for the racecourse at P:3oa. v., '
and returned to her anchorace oft the !
lower light shortly after 4 o'clock p. m
To the newspaper men on bonrd Edwin S.
Cramp expressed himself satisfied by the
showing made by the ship and with her
behavior. The lowa wiil sail early Thurs
day morning for Philadelphia. She is the j
THE LATEST ADDITION TO UNCLE SAM'S NAVY.
The Battle-ship lowa at the Conclusion of Her Trial Trip, Just After Passing Cape Ann.
The San Francisco Call
last Cramp ship for which the Govern
ment offers a speed premium. The next
Cramp ship to come here for trial will be
the Japanese cruiser, now building, and
to be completed in about a year. She will
have a speed trial, since 2'l knots is guar
anteed.
DR. RUTLAND'S CASE.
Startling Array of Test-men/ Against the
Man fl/ho Ground Out Bogus
Medical D p/cmas.
CHICAGO, 111., Anril 7. — Evidence in
tho case of Frederick Rutland, S.D., Ph.D.,
M.D., president and director of the Eclec
tic Medical College, wa? submitted to the
Federal Grand Jury to-day. The case is
one of National interest from the fact
that Rutland is charged with using the
mails as a mean? to delraud youn^ men
ambitious to become physicians, tbe noni
inal fee of .$35 bein^ charged lor matricu
lation, examination and graduation. The
alleged college was located in the resi
dence district of tne West Side, but ttie
"examinations" were conducted through
the mails.
The books of the concern failed to show
the total bogus diplomas issued, but they
are said to run into the thousands ana
are found to be in every State in the
Union.
Rutland was admitted to bail after his
arrest by the Federal officers, but skipped
bis bonds about three weeks ago. His
household effects and those of the college
were shipped to Canada, but the fugitive
has not so far Deen located.
The evidence is so overwhelming tbat a
true bill of many counts is certain. Rut
land's bogus diploma scheme is said to
have been the most pretentious and ex
tensively operated in this country since
the infamous "Dr." Buchanan of Phila
delphia was sent to the penitentiary in
the '80s .
On the trial of Buchanan's case it was
shown that he had sent no less than 10,000
diplomas to foreign countries. His con
viction put a stop to the business in this
country for several years.
A MEXICO SENSATION.
The Widow Ordonez Accuses Ex- Governor
R vercll of the Murder of Her
Husband.
PACHECO, Mexico. April 7. —A big
political seusation has been caused here
by the action of Mrs. Eniildo Ordonez.
Her husband was a newspaper editor
and writer of this city, who was alleged to
have been killed while serving a brief
term in prison here for offenses against
the State government.
She has filed a petition with the Mexi
can Coneress, praying that ex-Governor
Ramon F. Riveroll, now a member of
Congress from this State, be surrendered
to the court? for trial for the death of her
husband.
She alleges that ex-Governor Riveroll .
hnd her husband killed for political rea
sons.
Just what action Congress will take in
the matter, of course, cannot be definitely
stated. It can be sa;d, however, that tneic
will be an investigation of some sort.
Riveroll is a prominent man and hi?
friends scout the idea that he had any
thing to do with the murder of Ordonez.
On the other hand the wi low is positive
in her statements, and it ia said that all
the political enemies of Riveroll are back
ing her up.
The mystery surrounding the death of
Ordonez has been a deep one, and as he
was known to be an energetic and fearless
writer it is said that not a few prominent
politicians would be interested in his
death.
REPUBLICAN VICTORY.
Elisha Dysr Elected Governor of Rhode
Island by Largest Plurality Ever
Knowi in ■fi9 State.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1., April 7.— ln the
Rhode Island election to-day the Repub
licans easily elected their State ticket and
retained their la'ge majority in the Gen
eral Assembly, but were unsuccessful in
selecting their Legislative ticket in the
City. General Elisha Dyer was elected
Governor by a plurality of not less than
12,000, the largest ever obtained* by a
gubernatorial candidate.
In this city a good-government legisla
tive ticket, indorsed by the Democrats,
was nominated against the Republican
machine ticJtet, and it was elected by
good pluralities, although the Republican
State ticket carried the city easily. The
vote was light throughout the State, the
Democrats suffering the greater loss.
J>rtt* H't for the llrariuij.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 7.— Circuit
Judge Cantrell to-day set April 14 as the
date on which he 'will trj the case of the
State vs. the Southern Pacific Railroad
for penalty and franchise tax. The Pacific
Company has not filed an answer to
Attorney-General Taylor's suit
SAN FUANCISCO, THURSDAY MORXING, APRIL 8, 1897.
A VISIT TO THE CAMP OF THE INSURGENTS IN CRETE.
[From photographs taken during an interview between the In*nr,jenU and British naval officers. Reproduced from the London
Daily Graphic]
WHEN WILL THE
WATER SUBSIDE?
The Question That Agitates
Many Sections of the
South.
Vast Area 3 That Will Not Be
Drained in Time for a
Cotton Crop.
Suffering Continues Among Pcor Fam
ilies, but No Further Loss of
Life Is Reported
MEMPHIS, Tenx., April 7.-AII of the
country east to the main iine of the Ya
zoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad is
flooded, and in many places the water has
gone over the tracks.
The upper crevasse in Tunica County is j
2000 feet wide, and so great is the outpour
that water from below the break is being
drawn up to and hurled out over the fer
tile valley through the crevasse.
The supreme question is the duration of
the flood. At the lower levees along
Louisiana and Southeastern Arkansas j
\ hold, which it is believed they cannot do,
j the emptying of the delta and Si. Francis
I basin will be slow.
If they break and the river continues to
fall at Cairo the upper St. Francis basin
and the delta will be clear of water by
[ May 5. If this should prove true, there
j will be no difficulty in growing cotton.
| Breaki in Louisiana and Southeast*™
j Arkansas will hold water in that territory
j until the middle of May, far after the
usual time for planting cotton in that ter
ritory. The river at Memphis was sta
tionary last night.
le* in th» Hate- of the Flood*.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, April s.—Thou
j sands of dollar* worth . of damage has
already be*n done by caving. bands on the
i Missouri a few miles to the north
of Sioux City. The cutting still
continues. The stream is falling and
the removal of pressure against the banks
|is increasing the trouble. In several cases
the cutting has progressed, so fast that
occupants of houses near the bants have
had narrow escapes. Ice from the Yellow
stone is due soon. It is gorging above
1 and may make similar trouble here.
Alartninif Condition* at St. Paul.
ST. PAUL, Minx.. April 7.— The Red
River rose only 3 inches last night, but
tue big Coulee, west of the city, took a
sudden sport and went up 14 inches,
flooding the entire west side of towo and
ilriytriK hundreds of people from their
homes. The water works at the reserve
station was compelled to shut down.
There is much suffering among the poor
families.
FantUie* Le-rurd With lUfffeulty.
CHILLICOTHE, 111., April 7.— The
Grand River is over its banks. People are
leaving the bottom lands and coming to
town. A family s"rrourxled by water nad
to be rescued by b > jb. There is bo loss
of life yet, but great damage to property
has resulted.
Clnchina nn Jtuuranc* Compnny.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 7.— A World
special from Harrisburg, Pa., says: A
rumor is in circulation among the mem- i
bers of the State Legislature that $50,000 I
was demanded from the Metropolitan !
Life Insurance Company of New York
City to defeat the bill introduced by j
Senator McQneon which prohibits the in
suring of children under 16 years of ape.
This information comes from one of the
officers of the company. The bill will
come up for final passage in the Senate
to-day. The outcome of the matter may :
be an investigation by a committee.
Death Tnken ran Stephen.
BERLIN. Germany, April 7.— Dr. Ton
Stephen died to-day.
FINDS A QUARRY
OF COPPER ORE
Bonanza Struck in the
Foothills Southeast
of Tacoma.
Prospector Uncovers Two Veins
on a Claim That Was
Once Abandoned.
Streaks of Gold Glisten in the Ledges
of the Less Valuable
Mineral.
TACOMA, Wash., April 7.— A copper
mine which promises to rival the bo
nanzas of Montana, Arizona and Mexico
has been discovered on ttie Mashel River,
thirty miles southeast of Tacoma. For
several years past prospectors have occa
sionally brought in samples of float cop
per from that section, but they gave up
before locating the mother vein.
Early last year Henry Jordan located in
the foothills near Mn-bel River a claim
which another prospector had taken up
the year previous and abandoned. To-day
Jordan stands in the shadow of immense
riches. Believing that he bad a good
thing he locaterl a dozen other claims, all
bearing copper. One group of these aFe
bonded by wholesale merchants here for
540.000. To-day the lucky prospector's
agent received an offer from Denver of
$150,000 for ten other claims the Colorado
men desiring to develop them at once.
Probably they will be sold.
Specimens of copper ore which mining
men consider truly wonderful have been
brought in from the Mashel claims. They
are in sheets of from less than one inch to
nearly two feet surface ar.d almost as thin
as a sheet of newspaper. These are al
most pure copper and are tacen from the
seams between the layers of rocks, which
s itself full of shot gold and copper.
There are two veins, which together ag
gregate seventy feet in thickness, nnd
they have been traced a distance of two
miles. In fact, it i* an immense quarry of
copper and gold. There is but oue mine
like it on the globe, and that is in Old
Mexico, and has been operated success
fully for 300 years.
HE MAY BE COURT-MARTIALED.
Charges of a Scandalous Nature Against
Dennis W. Mullan, Commandant of
the Pensaco/a Navy-Yard.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 7.-Tao Sun's
Washington special says: Commander
Dennis W. Muilan, commandant of the
Pensacola Navy-yard, hss oeen under in
vestigation by a court of inquiry upon
charges of a scandalous nature, which, if
proven, will lead to his dismissal from the
service. Captain Reamy and Lieutenant
Lauchheimer have just returned from
Pensacola, where they spent several days
investigating the case and taking: testi
mony. Upon their reoort it will depend
whether Commander Mullan is to be court
marlialed.
If be is tried it is believed that he can
hardly escape severe punishment. If the
court believes trie charges can be substan
tiated ha may be asked to resign, so as to
avoid a scandal in open court. Secretary
Long will take the report up for consider
ation this week. Commander Mullan some
years ago received the thanks of the Mary
land Legislature for meritorious services
on a cruise in the Pacific.
Commander Dennis W. Mullan, a nfi
tive of Maryland, graduated from Annapo
iis in 1603, and was at once sent into active
service as ensign on the Monongauela, in
the West Guli blockade squadron. He
participat d in the various engagements
in woieh the navy took parr, such as the
battle of Mobile Bay and the attack on
Fort Morgan.
After the war the more notable inci
dents in hia career were his participation
in 1871 in two attacks on Korean bat
teries, his visit as American representa
tive to arbitrate the war between Chile
and Peru, and hn experience at Samoa.
In October, ISS7, then a commander, ha
was appointed to command the Nipsic and
ordered to Samoa, where matters were be
coming threatening. There he took such
a bold stand in defence of American in
terests as to compel the respect of the
Uermans, who were trying to carry things
with a high hand. He was in command
of the Nipaic at the time of the great Sa
moan hurricane of ISBO, when of the three
American warships in the harbor the Nip
sic was the oniy one that escaped wreck.
For his conduct at Samoa the City Coun
cii of Annapolis, Md., where Commander
Mullan was born, tendered him a vote of
tnanKs, and the Maryland Legislature
presented him with a cold watch.
Commander Mullan lias several times
been stationed on the Pacific Coast.
DAVITT CALLS ON HARRISON.
The Irish Home- Rule Leader a Warm
Personal Friend of the New Mayor
of Chicago.
CHICAGO, lix., April 7.— Michael Da
vitl, member of Parliament from South
Mayo, Ireland, reached Chicago last night,
en route to Caliiornia, with his family, and
is registered at the Auditorium.
He paid his respects to-day to Mayor
elect Harrison, who was his traveling
companion twenty mnnths ago in an ex
tended journey from New Zealand to San
Francisco. The two in company photo
graphed the Samoan natives and ex
changed ideas on Irish and Cnicago poli
ics under the Southern Cro^s.
"1 feel a strong attachment," said Mr.
Davitt last night, "to the Mayor whom
you have just eiecteJ, as 1 did toward his
father, wuom I also knew well. I am
aware, however, of the feelings and preju
dices of the American people, and that it
is never wibft to interfere in their politics,
as they are fully able to manage their own
affairs."
"How do you enjoy the noise of an
American election night?' be was asked.
"You do not beat us in noise or excite
ment, but 1 think you are abead of us in
the method and expedition with which
you collect your votes," was the answer.
"The speed with which you determine
the decision of the people and discover
their will is something startling to me,
and we have nothing like it in the oid
country."
"How is the Cretan question affecting:
the standing of the parties in Great
Britain?'
•The Salisbury Ministry nas rendered
itself extremely unpopular because of its
dastardly policy, and I am not sorry that
its position is daraased. It might nave
brought about a settlement creditable to
the powers and itself had it cnosen, but
us blunderines would turn U out of office
were it left to a vote."
"What is tiie present statUß of the
home rule cause?"
"Prospects were nevrr brighter. A
union of forces is making the struggle
potent, and with our ranks closing up we
are prepared to make a grand home run.
The latent political sense of the Irish peo
ple is asserting itself, and the faction dis
turbers are being sent to the rear with the
returning consciousness that there is really
nothing to wrangle about.
"What do the Irish people think about
Cuba? The Nationalist and Liberal or
gans are whh the patriots, but the Salis
bury organs are with the Spanish."
The present is the tenth visit of Mr.
Davitt to America, and he declares that
on account of his domestic relationship he
knows it as well as Ireland. He will leave
his family in California, where they wil]
spend a year, and will then hasten back
to London.
STEEL MILLS SHUT DOWN.
Fcur Thousand Employes About 1o Go Out
on Strike, Suspended by the Illinois
Steel Company.
CHICAGO, 111., April 7.— The Illinois
Steel Company's works at South Chicago
were closed down to-day, shuttinsr out
about 4000 employes. This action was
taken by the management of the concern
when it was learned that a strike had been
ordered to-day among the workmen.
They have been operating the steel mills
for several months under the sliding scale
of wages and the employes have been dis
satisfied. Several efforts were made by
the workmen to have the old wage system
restored. They were unsuccessful to
effect an agreement, and to-da y a strike
was ordered among the greater number of
the men employed there. When the
management learned of this all work in
the mills was suspended and every em
pioye has been shut out.
XOTA.IILE H JbDDISa.
PoitmaaUr-General Cary't Daughter la
J.ert to the -Altar.
BALTIMORE. Ma, April 7.— The mar
riage to-day of Miss Ina Catherine Gary,
daughter of Postmaster-General and Mrs.
Gary, to Francis £}. Pegram was one of
the notable events in Baltimore so
ciety circles. Among the guests at break
fast were the Vice- President and Mrs. Ho
bnrt, the Secretary of State, the Secretary
of the Treasury and Mrs. Gage, the Secre
tary of War and Mrs. Aleer and Miss
Alger, the Secretary of Agriculture and
Attorney-General, Governor and Mrs.
Lowndes, and a number of State and city
officials.
FIGHTISQ IX THE PHILII>FI.\ JIS
Spaniard* Capture <i To ten Stoutly De
fended l> i the Jtgbelm.
MADRID. Spain. ADril —A dispatch
received to-day from Manila, capital of
the Philippine Islands, says that t be
Spanish troops havo captured th 9 town of
San Francisco Malabontr, where nearly all
the insurgents who are continuing their
resistence to the Government have taten
refuge. The rebels fought desperately to
gain their positions, but were finally
routed with enormous losses. Large num
bers of insurgents who were injured es
caped into the interior in an utterly
demoralized condition.
TRICE FIT fT" GENTS.
TURKISH
OUTPOSTS
ATTACKED
Engagement in Which the
Moslems Hold Their
Position.
ELEVEN CRETANS ARE
KILLED.
Assailed From FW Directions
at Oace, the Turks Fight
Stubbornly.
POWERS STILL MAINTAIN THE
BLOCKADE.
Greeks Occasionally L nd Supplies in
Crete, but Starvation Threatens
the Inhabitants.
CAXEA, Greece, April 7.— Fighting of
a somewhat serious nature occurred to
day between the Christians and Turks
outside of Candia. The insurgents, who
were numerically stronger than the Turks,
attacked the outpost 3of the latter from
four points at once. Tne Turks made a
strong tight and succeeded in holding
their position. Their loss was only two
killed, while the loss of the insurgents
was eleven killed.
The insurgents at Kissamo have sent a
letter to the foreign admirals, warning
them of their intention to attack the fort
at that place. The Turkish garrison dis
plays no inclination to have any further
lighting with tne Christians and has asked
to be relieved. It is likely that in view of
the circumstances a strong force will be
placed in the fort, and it is not beyond
probability that international troops will
be dispatched to garrison the place.
With the exception of the fight outside
of Candia, in which the Christians were
repulsed with a heavier loss than they in
flicted on the Moslems, there has been
little or no prospect of the impasse being
overcome by the powers, and even the
Turfcs are becoming disgusted with the
>ituation. Jtteports from the interior show
that the scarcity of provisions is becom
ing greater daily, ana that tnere is much
suffering among the Christians, who are
now practically the only residents outside
the coast towns. The blockade Is main
tained with severity, but despite this fact
(ireek sailors manage occasionally to run
in a cargo of ammunition and food sup»
plies. Of course no sufficient supply from
this source can be received, and unless the
powers speedily come to some arrange
ment and the blockade be raised the suf
fering will become acute.
ROME. Italy, April 7. — The Italian
Government Is disinclined to send rein
forcements to Crete. It now seems proba
ble that no mere men will be sent.
MAY LIVE XWO Wt2jsX.S MORE.
Failure of Electrocution Apparatus Given
VFilliatn Una* Artr tie ado of Ltfe.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 7.— The elec
trocution apparatus which was to have
executed at midnight the death penalty
upon William Haas failed at the last
minute, and Warden E. G. Coffin was
obliged to request Governor Bushneil to
respite the condemned man until the
defect could be remedied. One of the
armature coils burned out while the last
tests were being made tonight- A tempo
! rary repair was made, bat the machine
failed to develop more than IcOO volts. It
was to run to 1700 volts before the curren t
was sent through the body of the con
demned man. The representative of the
company making the dynamo was not
willing that such rist snould be taken,
and at his suggestion Warden Coffin asked
for and obtained a respite to April 21.
■.■■■n.s~-
BRAVI TAI.KIMi #UR CORBETT.
TFftnta to Give -fitzmimmona $10,000 to
Hot th,' Ax-C hampion four Hounds.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.-Billy
Brady returned to this city this after
noon. He was in a cheery mood, and
seemed confident as to the ability of Cor
bett to beat any tighter living, Fitzsim
moiis included. Brady says his chief
business here is to try and arrange an
other meeting between Fitzsimmons and
Corbeit. He does not care whether the
contest comes off in six months or a year
ias lons as the Cornishman guarantees a
tight.
Brady also snid that he would cive
Fitzsimmons $10,000 to box Corbett four
rounds, and would bet $20,000 that the
Caiiforman* beats him m a finish contest.
Murder Trial Boom.
WILLIAMSON, W. Va.. April 7.— For
two days trials of mountain murder cases
have been going on here, and thus far the
prisoner has been convicted of a greater
or less decree of murder in every case.
About a dozen murder cases yet remain
on the docket. The trial of Captain Hat
field will come up to-morrow. He has
brought a score or more of his kinsmen to
town and the people are looking for
trouble.
Colorado Miner* Suffocated.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., April 7.—
Seven men working in the Strickle tunnel,
on the west slope of Pikes Peak, were
overcome by smoke and gas to-day.
Two — George Gordon ana Michael Tew —
are da!, and the others are in a critical
condition.
Tttiri'nr* Crack a. College Safe.
LANSING, MirH., April 7.— Early this
morninz burglars cracked the safe in the
Agricultural College and got away with
$2500. There is no clew to their identity.
The K*nlitc.!eu Senatorial Deadlock.
FRANKFORT. Ky., April 7.— The Sil
ver aud Gola Democrats and the anti«
Hunter Republicans refused to answer to
their uames on rollcnll at to-day's joint
session of the Legislature preventing a
quorum.2
BARRED BECAUSE
OF HER COLOR
Negro Woman Refused Ad
mission to a Tacoma
Musical Society.
She Is Highly Talented, but the
Circumstance oJ Race Is
Against Her.
Action of Society LeaJers Djncunced
Frcm the Pulpit of the Free
Church.
TACOMA, Waph.. April 7.— The Ladies'
Musical Club of this city is an organiza
tion intended for the development of in
strumental and vocal music among its
members, and embraces in its fold all of
Tacoma's four hundred. Last fall Mrs.
Henry J. Ashbuiy, a colored woman, the
wife of the barber of the Tacoma Hotel,
& talented pianist, applied for ad ni is- ion
as a member of the club. She received
no acknowledgment of her application
until this week, when she was informed
that it had "been denied.
It now transpires that the sole and only
reason for her rejection was her color.
The oiKcers of the club admit that there
is nothing against Mrs. Ashbury's char
acter,-but that because of her color her
admission would have resulted in ihe dis
solution of the cJub.
Rev. Alfred W. Martin, pastor of the
First Free Church, having leurned through
bis wife, wno is a member of the club, of
the biackbaliine of Mrs. Ashbury, became
indignant and endeavored to have the
matter reconsidered by the club. The
women would not entertain such a propo
sition, and as a last resort, in order that
the public might be acquainted with the
injustice done Mrs. Ashbury, he pub
hsued a protesting letter in the daily
press to-uay. Thi3 has had the effect ot
putting the members of the club into a
highly excited frame of mind. Rev. Mr.
Martin takes the position that as the club
was organized for educational and not
social purposes it had uo right to exclude
Mrs. Ashbury.
Mrs. Ash bury would easily pass a short
distance away as a white woman. She is
well educated, refined and ladylike in ap
pearance and behavior.
CONGRESSIONAL PROCEEDINGS.
The House Votes $200,000 for ihe Rehet
of Fiood Sufferers — Sock/ess Simpson
Causes a Commotion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7. -The
House was in session an hour to-day, in
which time it passed a joint resolution ap
propriating $200,000 for the relief of the
Hood sufferers in the Mississippi Valley
and enjoyed a little sensation sprung by
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas. The resolu
tion was introduced by Catching* (D.) of
Mississippi and agreed to unanimously.
Cannon and Walker criticized the appro
priation, however, the latter hoping thai
it was the last that would be necessary
through ttie failure ol the States to put
themselves in a position where they could
constitutionally'take care of their own
people. Walker gave notice that he
would in future object to the passage of
any similar resolution, believing it to be
decasing in its effect upon toe recipients.
Simpson furnished the sensation of the
d^y by following t:ie example of Karle of
South Carolina in the 6enate yesterday
and protesting against the failure to ap
point committees to proceed to the con
sideration of legislative business in the
regular and orderly way. He spoke of the
power exercised by the Speaker a« auto
cratic and described present conditions as
revolution and anarchy.
Speaker Reed responded at some length,
stating that it was the rirst time this con
dition of affairs had existed, Mr. Blame,
in the Forty-second Congress, having
failed to appoint committees promptly at
the beginning of Congress. He had sup
posed until to-day that there was unani
mous concurrence of the opposition that
ihe public did not require the completo
organization of the House at tbis time.
He regretted that any member should lend
himself to criticizing the action of the
Speaker outside of the House. He said
the present occupant of the chair woud
welcome any action the House might see
fit to take.
At 1:30 o'clock on motion of Dingley
(R.) of Maine the House adjourned unpl
Saturday next.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Shipping Men Seek io Revive the Ameri
can Merchant Marine — Caiiformans
in Washington — Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7 -W. D.
Piowden of Kan Francisco has arrived in
Washington. He is a candidate for the
position of Indian agent on one of the
California reservations.
Representative de Vries called at the
Postoffice Department to-day and asiced
for tbe establishment of a postofflce at
Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne County. CaJ,
A meeting was held to-day by about a
dozen shipping men and Nhip-owners—
the same men who met in January last
v. ith the Senate Commerce Committee
and discussed a plan for the revival of the
American merchant marine. No decision
■was reached, but there was a central ex
change of ideas and differential plans of
duties were discussed. The committee of
■hip builders and owners was represented
by ex-Senator George F. Edmunds as
counsel. He and Charles Cramp, George
Grisconi, Senator Perkins and othersmade
statements.
Benator Perkins explained that on the
Pacific Coast 2,000.000 tons were exported
yearly in English ships, mofTly tramp
snips, which are operated 25 per cent
cneaper than American ships can be.
Representative Barlow to-day intro
duced a bill in the House providing for an
appropriation of $85,000 for the building
ot a lighthouse at Point Areuello, Santa
Barbara. The same bill was introduced
in ttie Senate by Senator Perfcins.
W. A. Nelson and wise of San Francisco
are among the guest* at the Arlington.
Ben McKinic-y, one of tbe cousins of Pres
ident McKinley and a resident of San
Francisco, has returned to Washington
after a visit to New York. Mrs. T. Z.
Biackman and daughter and Mi^s Reeney
are registered at the Ebbitt. Hon. Lee
Faircbild of California is in the city.
Pensions: California: Oricxnal (special
March .il)— Benjamin F. Mabee, Los Ga
tos; James Vanness, San Francisco; Wil
liam J. Lesle, Vallejo. Original widows,
etc. ("-pedal March 31)— Amy Cunning
ham, North Temescai. Original (special
March ;-Jo)— Robert C. Carder. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. Increase— Charles
8. Raymond, San Francisco. Original
widows, etc. — Rebecca Thompson, Jamul;
Ernestine L. EL Blakely. Oakland.
Ore. on: Original— Victor Eifert, Jor
dan.
Washington : Original— Lafayeste Lewis,
Hesseltine. Additional —Amos E. Brown,
Taeoma. Increase (special March 29)—
James Cain, Biaine.
I ri'f Seition of the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.-A
messaeft from the President suggesting.
Government aid for the sufferers of the
Mississippi flood was read in the Senate
to-day, and was followed by the introduc
tion and passnee of a joint resolution ap
propriating 1150,000 for this purpose. Be
fore this action could be comrnnnicate'i to
the House a joint resolution wa« recpived
from that body appropriating $200,000 for
th« same purpose and including the rfed
River of the North in tbu district to be
aided.
The House joint resolution was imme
diately passed by the Senate, action on
the other oue and on Mr. Bates' jont
resolution of Monday being reconsidered
and annulled.
Senator Morgan finished his speech, be
gun yesterday, in favor of lus joint reso
lution extending belli«e r ent rights to both
*ides in the Cuban revolution. No action
was taken or it. and at 2:15 p. m. the Sen
ate adjourned.
/" STIMULA I V < on 31 r.in t:.
Representatives of the /iiir«n« of Atner
can Republic* Confer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.— The
Bureau of American Republics is to enter
upon an aggressive effort to improve the
commercial relations of the countries on
this continent. This mornine Secretary
Sherman and the Brazilian, Mexican,
Venezuelan and Argentine Ministers, con
stituting ihe executive board of the bu
reau, held a protractive conference at
which the new director, Joseph F. Smith,
was present, and the policy of vigorously
carrying out the original objects of the
bureau was adopted. The stuff will be in
creased and the scope of the work will be
promptly broadened.
#
HARRISON'S BIG PLURALITY,
Chicago's Mayor-Elect Swsnps the Windy
City With a Majority Over kll
Other Candidates.
CHICAGO, 111, April 7.— The total
vote for Mayor is as lollows: Harrison
(D.) 147,274; Harlan. (Citizens) tiS.2O3:
Sears (R.) 50,035; He»ins» (lad.) 15,201.
The four other candidates swell the total
vote to 292.653, Harrison's plurality is
79,070; Harrison's majority, 4SH4. Har
nson ran ov« r 10,000 ahead ol bis ticket.
The Republicans failed to carry a single
ward in the city, the strongholds of the
Republican machine, represented by
bherift" Pease, State Treasurer Hertz anil
Congressman Lorimer, bein^ swept by
the Democrats. Char es of fraudulent
practices in two wards were tillea with the
election commissioners 10-day against
judees and clerlct of election.
A telegram was received from Senator
Jones, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, and many others
congratulating the Democrats on the
result, Jones adding that it would be far
reaching in its importance and effect on
the future of the prtrty and declaring that
the party really won last fall.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 7.— With the
exceotson of four members of the House
of Delegates, the Republicans made a
clean sweep in yesterday's municipal
election by major. ties runeing from 30 000
to 40 ono.0 n O.
UOPEKA, Kans., April 7.— Mayor Fel
lows, Republican, was re-ekcied, as was
the entire Republican ticket.
HUTCHIN6ON, Kaxs., April 7— The
Republicans elected ttie entire municipal
ticket tn- majorities of 400 to HOO.
EMFORIA, Kan?. April 7.— Women
poiied one-third of ihe voles cast i ere.
Ttie Citizens' ticket for Mayor and a
majority of other officers is elected. Re
publicans had a majority of 000 two
years ago.
PLUM J- OR A MitiMVCRAT.
Sncrrtaru Ht'son JUikes an Appoint
nirnt that 7« Itrnouneed.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— A Wash
ington dispatch to the World say s : Sec
retary of Agriculture Wilson has ap
pointed Charles W. Dabney Jr. of Ten
nessee. Assistant Secretary of Agriculture
under the Cleveland administrat.on, to be
special agent in charge of scientific and
statistical investigation. The salary is
fixed at $4500 per year.
This is the lareest compensation paid
any official in the Government cervice,
designated either by the President or a
dbinet officer, who is not confirmed by
the Senate, with the single exception of
the Director of the Bureau of American
Republics.
Secreiary Wilsons creation of an office
and its bestowal upon a Democrat, are
bitterly denounced by those Republicans
who are lookine in vain for positions not
bianketed by civil service regulations.
DIED FROM LOf OMOJOR ATAXIA.
Sudden Collapae oj n Denver Dry-Ooodt
11'rchant.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7. — William
G. Fisher, head of tbe linn of Daniels <fe
Fisher, leading dry-goods house of Colo
rado, located at Denver, died suddenly
this morning at the Gilsey House. His
death was due io locoruotor ataxia. H«
was the head of tne firm of Daniels &
Fisher, Denver.
He came here Wednesday and when he
returned to the hotel last evening he com
plained of being tired eariy. At 2 this
morning the bell in hi* room rang and the
porter answered. Fisher complained of
being cold, and wanted more blankets.
While they were being wrapped around
him he expired. The boav was sent to
Denver. He was born in 1842. The firm
did a business of many millions a. year
and was a very wealthy one.
tTMOX VBZBH.SU AT P.VTIB.
Largett Attendance in the Jliitonj of the
Department.
ANACONDA, Mont., April 7.— The
thirteenth annual encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic for the de
partment of Montana was called to order
at the Grana Army Hall this morning by
Department Commander Lester S. Wil
son. The attendance is the largest in the
history of the department, and the com
mender in his opening address referred to
it as the rival of the 'Ted letter" period
Ex-National Chaplain Uiff was introduced
and given a rousing reception. The re
ports of the Adjutant-General and other
officers indicated that the department is
in a flourishing condition.
JHB BLUE AM* llt E Oil AT.
They Move Together "vrr the Scene of
the Battle of Shi I oh.
PITTSBURG LANDING, Tens., April I
7.— The exercises of the blue and the gray
incidental to the anniversary of the bat- i
tie of Shiloh were continued and con- j
eluded to-day. This morning the visitors '
moved around the positions of the bat- [
teries engaeed in the battle, to mark '
which the National Government has do- j
nated 200 pieces of artillery. Some of |
these are already in position. Alt the I
graves on the Sbiloh battlefield were dec- i
orated *vith small American flags con- !
tributed by the General Grant Grand Army i
post ot Cbicag.o
An Aifed Couple Take Laudanum.
CHICAGO, 111., April 7.— The body
of William S. Gage and (hat of hi? wife
Mnria, eacn 70 years old, were found in
bed t«,-day. Tuey had committed suicide
by drinking laudanum.
Citicinnnti li'iiiwin Failure.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April /.-Charles
S. Stiles, doing business as Stiles <t Co.,
manufacturers of iron measures and
packages for pnint, assiened with $«0 000
assets and $45,000 liabilities.
rrntninent Cnlrl it, nioerat Dead.
WATERTOWX, N. V., April 7—Daniel
E. GrilHn, candidate for Governor on the
G,old Democratic ticket last fall, died this
morning.
advancks made on 'nrniture ana pianos wild
or wituoui removal. J. Koonau,l«l7-10a3 Mission
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
GOSSIP REVIVED
ABOUT LAMONT
Is He to Be President of
the Northern Pacific
Railroad?
Conflicting Wall-Street Rumors
Given for What They
Are Worth.
The Present Head cf the Company Is
a Practical Man and Knows
His Business
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— The re
port that Danie! S. Laxnont, ex-Secretary
of War, woud shortly succeed Edward \V.
Winter as president of tne Northern Pa
cific Railway C(>mp&ny was revived in
Wail street to-day upon the authority, it
said, of an ex-president of the company.
This story was current just beJore J. Pier
pout Morgan sailed for Europe, and he
said then that tnere was no truth in it.
Other members of the rirm 9iud to-day
that there was no foundation for it and
that the management of President Winter
had been entirely satisfactory.
Mr. Morgan is the chairman of the
DANIEL SCOTT LAMONT, Whom a Grouniles; Rumor Had
Slated for the Presidenc/ of the Northern Pacific.
Northern Pacific voting trustees and nom
inated Mr. Winter for the position which
he now holds, it being desirable that the
president should be an experienced rail
road man and residing in the West, while
the finances and policy of the company
would be contruUe.l by the chairman and
directors here. Mr. Winter was elected
president last October, and at the time of
his selection for the office was general
manager of the Chicago, St. Paul, Minne
apolis and Omaha Railroad.
S.4AA &TOI X UVLimtiS EXCITED.
An Important Pityrr IHnappear* From
an Institution Which JFatlnt.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 7.— Sun
special from Altoona, Pa.., says: The
stockholders of the suspended private
bank of Gardner, Morrow & Co. of
Hollidaysburg are excited over tbe dis
appearance of an agreement made many
years ago mat the interest of any dead
partner should remain in the bank after
his death.
James Gardner was one of tne principal
owners ot the bank. He died two years
ago, leaving an estate of $500,000. " The
bank failed six months agu, and so far
the depositors have received nothing. If
the old agreement is found they will share
in the Gardner estate; if not, Uiey will
get only about 15 cants on the dollar.
The paper is known to have been in
existence until a recent date. Last night
tlie stockholders held a public meeting.
To-day tnev sent a committee to the
assignee, telling him that he must pro
duce tbe agreement or they will take
action in court to recover it. The bank
depositors are mostly farmers.
Ctnrane Won the English Derby.
LONDON, Ebb., April 7-— The Derby
spring meeting opened to-day. The prin
cipal event, the Doveridge handicapstakes
of 1001 sovereigns, or three-vear-olda,
straignt mile, was won by the favorite,
Sasiet's Clorane. There wore twelve
starters. Lord El-niere's Villiera was
second, and Lord W.lliam Bcresford's
(Pierre Lorillaru's) Diakka third.
Confirmed, t,,, the Be.natr.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.-The
Senate has confirmed the appointment of
Frank P. Flint as United States Attorney
for the Southern District of California;
Captain Howison as Commodore, and
Commander Sigsbee as Captain.
HpreUil Court to Try Tli% <!rand*on.
PRETORIA, Transvaal, April 7. —
President Kruger has ordered t c forma
tion of a special court to try Lieutenant
E.off, his grandson, who was recently sus
pended from duty for aging language that
was insulting to Queen Victoria.
PRESBYTERY OF BEN I CIA.
Elder William Crawiord of Santa Rosa
Succeeds Pastor Eld ridge as
Moderator.
BANTA KOSA, Cal., April 7.— The
spring meeting of the Presbytery of Beni
cia convened last evening in the First
Presbyterian Church of Santa Rosa with a
large attendance. The retiring moderator.
Rev. George G. Elriridge, preached a beau
tiful farewell sermon, takine as his text
"Give unto the Lord, ye kindreds of the
people; give unto the Lord glory and
strength; pive unto the Lord the Rlorv
uuh his name." At the conclusion of the
sermon E'.der Wil.iam Crawford of the
Santa Rosa Presbyterian Church was se
lected by ba lot to succeed tbe retiring
moderator, and the rest oi the evening
was spent in social reunion.
To-tlay's session was convened at 9 a. m.,
and. after a half-hour of devotional exer
cises tne business ses-ion was commenced.
Tue care of the Rev. H. T. Dobbins to the
Presbyterian church of Eureka was sus
tained, and the examination of students
from San Anselmo Theological Seminary
occupied the rest of the morning. At the
afternoon session the oath of allegiance
was taken by Cyrus Smith and W. S. Wil
son of San Anselnioand they were licensed
to preach. This evening the soleniu or
dination service was held and Messrs.
Johnson, Smith and Wilson were or
dained. The Rev. Dr. B. Wylie of Napa
delivered the charge to the newly ordained
ministers aiwi the Rev. William Johnson
preached.
TRAGEDY NEAR BELMONT.
Mrs. Manuel ConcJc. While Temporarily
Insane, Attempts Suicide With a
Re volver.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 7.— Mrs.
Manuel Conda, who lives a mile from Bel
mont, attempted to commit suicide by
shooting herself. Except for the presence
of a servant she was alone at the time, Mr.
Conda having come to Redwood Ci;y after
breakfast, while there son went to Span
ishtown. While in Redwood City Conda
received a telegram stating that his wife
ha«i shot herself, and a telegram of like
import v.as sent to Spanishtown to the
son. Conda started tor home immediately,
taxing with him a physician; the boy
found tue telegram awaiting him when he
reached Spantshtown and immediately re
traced his step?.
• When Conda reached home he found
his wile still living, but buffering from
the effects of two wounds inflicted with a
revolver. One bullet passed through her
neck and the otiier entered the chin, but
conW not be locaied.
The servant says that a short time be
fore the first i-hot was firea she sr.w Mrs.
Conda go from one room into another.
Soon after this she heard a shot, and on
going to the room which Mrs. Conda had
entered found her standing therewith a
revolver in her hand. As soon as Mrs.
Conda her enter the door she nointed the
weapon at the servant's head. The servant
hastily retreated. Another shot was heard
soon after. A number of dairy-hands were
then called and Mrs. Conda was found on
me floor.
Mrs. Conda wus suffering from tempo
rary mental aberration, fche has been un
well for some time past aud It is thought
tnat her sickness affected her mind. Some
two months ago Mrs. Conda fell into a
well on the place, where she remained in
the cold water tor two hour-?. She will
probably recover irom the wounds she in
flicted to-day.
/. •■ .'..'...- >ocift'j'.i Lab'r.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 7.— At «h« annual
meeting of the San Jose Benevolent So
ciety yesterday alternoon the organization
was shown to be in a prosperous condition.
The secretary rpported seventy-nine chil
dren in the Hume of Benevolence, with
$2200 78 in the treasury. The following
officers were eieote.i for tbe ensuing year:
President, Mrs. Sarah J. Cory; first vice
president. Airs. (i. B. AlcKee; second vice
president, Mrs. D. M. Barker; secretary,
Mrs. M. F. AlcCulloch; rinaucial secretary,
Mrs. M. T. McCall; treasurer, F. D. S.
Williams; trustees— Mrs. P. Hale, Mrs. S.
J. Churchill, Mrs. E. R. Stone. Mrs. B.
Cochrane, Mrs. E. H. Gupov, Mrs. D. M.
Barker.
Supervisor* A* lt for Irani Advice.
BAN JOSE, Cai.., April 7.— The Board of
Supervisors this morning asked District
Attorney Herrington to renderan opinion
as to the legality'of the proposition of tho
State's assessing banta Clara County to
contribute to the fund of $300,000 to be
used in improving th* Sacramento River;
also to give an opinion as to whether or
not the State has a right to tax Snnta Clara
County to build a road from Sacramento
to Folsom, or any other road outside of
Santa Clara County.
Accusation trow the. Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cai,.. April 7.— The dying
deposition of Ah Waii was introduced by
the prosecution : his morning in the trial
of Ah Sing, who is charged with the
murder of Ah Wah. It was to the effect
that Ah Sing and Ah Hong held the de
ponent while Ny Gong shot him. Tue
prosecution finished its case at noon.
Several witnesses were put on for the
defense this afternoon.
Cr*af* -Another Justice Court.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 7— The Board
of Supervisors has created another Justice
Court for San Jose Township and ap
ponueii \V. J. Kirkpatrick Justice. The
new court will be open for business in
fifteen day?. Murphy Hali, at the north
west corner of Market ftsd Ei Dorr.do
streets, has hx>eti secured for a courtroom.
Mulhnll, the noted statistician, spent
over forty years in accumulating the ma
terial for hi.-, one volume of statistics.
The fac-simile y^f sf&*t /*"* is on every wrapper
signature of (m/ZZT-CUcZ^ of CASTORIA.
MUST PAY ITS
SHARE OF TAXES
Judge Ross Rules Against
the Atlantic and
Pacific.
Receivers Ordered to Reimburse
the Southern Pacific
Company.
End of a Suit Involving Expenses
Connected With The N.edles
and Mojave Line.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 7.— Judge
Ross of the United States District Court
banded down an important opinion to
day, bearing on the payment of taxes of
tec line of railroad between The Needles
and Mojave. It is in the suit of the Mer
cantile Trust Company against the Atlan
tic end .Pacific et al.
In August, 1834. an agreement was en
tered into between the Southern Pacific
Railroad, the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
I road, the St. Louis and San Francisco
Railroad and tue Atchison. Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad, in which the party of
the second part was to purchase The
Needles division from the Southern Pa
cific, but owing to the inability of the
party of the first part to give title undor a
mortgage executed in 1875 the line was to
be leased by the Atlantic and Pacific Rail
road pending a cl-ar title. The valuation
wad placed at $7,271,100, of which one-sixth
was to be paid to the party of the first
part and the balance secured by nrst-mort
ga c bonds.
The A and P. met the obligation until
1888, when the State Board of Equali
zation reassessed the line in California.
The receivers who had been appointed in
the meanwhile refused to pay the bill pre
sented by the Soutnern Pacific as their
road's snare of taxe--, attorn evu' fees and
various lines for the year of 1887, amount
inc; to 118.633. The Southern Pacific had
paid the tuxes.
The Mercantile Trust Company, as the
holder of the second mortgage of the en
tire Atlantic and Pacinc road, sought to
have the matter adjusted, as the pay
men; had not been met, owing to a mis
understanding regarding fees and various
expenses. Numerous answers and cross
bills were iiled, but the case has been
ended by the decision to-day, which or
ders the receivers of the road to pay the
bill presented by the Southern Pacific.
THE ST. NICHOLAS AFIRE
A Blaze That Blew Up the
Drugstore on the
Corner.
Losses Are E;t. mated to Be About
Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars
The St. Nicholas Hotel caught tire early
this morning, and before many minutes
had passed the whole eastern end of the
lower floor was in a blaze.
The tire started in George Carroll' 3
drugstore at the gore of Hayes. Larkin
and Market streets, and the rim evidence
of its presence was a terrific explosion that
blew out all three windows of the drug
store.
Fiames followed fast on tne flying glasi,
and the tire started at once to eat up into
the floor above.
The wildest excitement at once prevailed
among the inmates of the hotel, and
every one at once made preparations to
leave.
Prompt efforts of the police kept the fire
under fair control until the engines ar
rived, and then what iookea like a most
dangerous blaze was soon out out.
The stock of the drugstore was entirely
destroyed, and It is not believed that
there was any insurcnce on it. It was
estimated to be worth $2r>,000.
The building has always been looked
upon as a bad placs for a fire, and the
readiness with which the inmates started
for the door was a sign they apnreciated
the gravity of the situation.
Beyond the loss of the drug stock and
the store fixtures, the hotel was daniagel
only to the extent, of a large hole in the
lower floor and the spoiling of the furni
ture in two rooms.
ANNE ANGELL'S FAMOUS SUIT.
Ex-Chief Just.cc Champtta of Michigan
Says the Woman Was Not Jay
Gould's Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 7.— New
interest in the suit brought by Anne An
gell against the estate of Jay Gould has
been awakened by the deposition of ex-
Chief Jusiice John W. Champlin of Mich
igan. Anne Angell claimed to have been
married to Mr. Gould in the early '50's
while he was surveying on the Canadian
frontier, near the town of Champhn. Tha
evidence of Justice Champlin consists of
letters mailed by Jay Gould to him, show
ing that he was not near the place speci
fied at the time.
Mrs. A. M. Hough, a sister of Jay Gould,
now living in Oraneo street, ihiscity, was
&een by a Call correspondent to-dny. She
stated that the suit was brought simply as
a blackmailing schrme, the parties to it
havinc; never hoped to do more than re
ceive a good round sum to hush the
matter and prevent so much undesirable
notoriety.
Oruhialiy the suit was brought acainst
the estate by Anne Angell. Later it was
assigned to her attorneys for the nominal
sum of $1. It was then transferred from
the estate to Helen and Ed Gould. They
have their evidence in the case well in
band and have nothing to fear.
nillilir.R StnoOL DItiECIORATE.
yew Board Likely to Vu»t Many of the
Pr'ient Employes.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. 'April 7.— By the
appointment of Major Harry W. I'atton,
late Democratic candidate for Congress
and editor of the Weekly Capital of this
city, Governor Build now has a complete
Wbitiier Reform School board of his own
political faith. The other members of the
board are Mr«. Adina Mitchell and ex-
Sheriff William R. Rowland of Puente.
The new board will hold its first meeting
next Saturday. Mrs. Mitchell, the oldest
tenure member, will undoubtedly be se
lected as president.
That sweeping if not complete changes
in the seventy-rive employes of the insti
tution will be made goes without saying.
although they will be made gradually
Superintendent Coffin and his brother,
the assistant, will be the first to take a
walk. The new superintendent will be a
close personal and political friend of Gov
ernor Budd, so it is said.
i'n'ieher <>rth. HrlentrO..
LOS ANOELES, Cal.. April 7.— The ex
amination o Nicholas Ortb of Petaiuma,
ace sed of grand larceny by Mrs. Peckel
noff, took place vesteraay before Justice
lounp. The prisoner was discharged.
Orth was accused of spending Mrs. Peckel
hoff's money and then carrying off some
of ncr property 10 his chicken-ranch in
Sonoma County. There was no evidence
against Orth except that of the grass
widow. Orth in his own behalf said he
carried away only what Mrs. Peckelhoff
had packed up for the purpose. The
Justice decided that Orth had told the
truth.
Hill L-etur* at Wright* Station.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 7.— Professor
Smith of Stanford University will lecture
at Wrights station before the Santa Cruz
Mountain F.oral Society next Saturday
afternoon, Apr.l 10, at 3 o'clock. His sub
ject will be "Rose Culture." The Floral
Society of Santa Cruz will attend the
lecture and will invite the mountain so
ciety to pay a return visit to Santa Cruz
on the occasion of tbe floral exhibition to
be given here on May 14 and 15.
7)j><* at Mountain. Tieic
SAN JOSE, CAL., April 7.— Mrs. Elisa
Momer, an old resident of Mountain
View, died at her home last evening, after
a lingering illness. She was a native of
France and aped 43 years. The deceased
had rcided in this valley for thirty years.
A husband, Joseph Mortier, and two chil
dren -urvive her.
MARRIED HALF A CENTURY
Friends Congratulate Mr. and
Mrs. E. V. Robbins on Their
Golden Wedding.
Owing to the Commemoration the
M.ntone Was the Scene of a
Pleasant Reception-
Mr, and Mrs. E. V. Robbins received
the congratulations of hosts of friends at
the Mentone, corner of Powell and Sacra
mento streets, last evening, the occasion
being the fiftieth anniversary of tueir
marriage.
The reception-rooms of the Mentone
were handsomely decorated with ferns
and choice flowers, but, true to California,
the predominating color was that of the
poppy, which nestled everywhere, adding
grace and beauty to the scene.
Mrs. Robbins was assisted in receiving
her guests by Mrs. J. G. Chown, Mrs.
Adams and Mrs. Loomis.
Mrs. Mary Field of San Jose was poet
laureate of the occasion. She penned a
few vertes, which the host and hostess,
who have been together for a half century,
.-ay they will treasure forever. During the
evening the little poem was read. In part
it is as follows:
A BIRD SONO.
What a joyous pair of Robbins
Built their happy ne,t together
toe tickle April weather.
la the sumhine ana the suow,
J-ongaco!
But did ever pair of Robbins
Keep their happy nest together
fifty years of changeful weather—
Tell us ye who know bird lore—
Thuja before?
Mr. and Mrs. Koobins would have much
enjoyed to have had their children here
10 celebrate with tuein this anniversary,
but as they are in London and Berlin the
reunion was impossible on this occasion.
Their greetings were received here with a
promise that they would be here in spirit
if they could not be in person.
Fifty years ago Mr. Robbins was a young
merchant in his native town in Oswego
County. New York, wnich business he fol
lowed for about twenty years, and for ten \
years afterward was engaged as a general j
commission merchant in Chicago. Dur- !
ing that time he was a prominent mem
ber of the Chicago Board of Trade, in 1868
being chosen its president.
In ISG9 Mr. Robbins was one of a com
mercial party composed of representative
men of Chicago, chosen from various
branches of business, including members
of Congress and the Governor of the State,
who made the first transcontinental trip
to California. While here some business
prospects were presented which lured him
to make his home in California in 1870.
Notwithstanding all the attractions
which California offers he has always felt
that from a business standpoint the great
mistake of his life was in leaving Chicago.
AKRESTED ST. PETER.
Ho !■ in Jail Under an Eastern Charge
of Kmbezzlement.
OAKLAND* Cal.. April 7.— John St.
Peter from Pittsburg was arrested here
this morning and to-night a telegram was
received by Chief Lloyd detailing the par
ticulars of an embezzlement. St. Peter
was secretary of the Window-glass Work
ers' Association of Jeannetie, about thirty
miles from Pittsburg.
About eight weeks ago he left with all
the funds at his mercy. He came West
and search was made, but nothing could
be learned till recently, when it was stated
that he was in Oakland. Chief Lloyd and
his detectives set to work and found St.
Peter and his wife and child living at 875
Washington street.
He was found last night and this morn
ing he was arrested at the Broadway depot
just as he was about to buy a ticket tor
San Francisco. At first he denied every
thing, but later he admitted the charge
and said that all he got away witn was
$600.
Requisition papers have already been
prepared, and he will be taken back to
Pittsburgh
While in Oikland his family has been
helped by the Associated Charities under
the names of Thomas and Richards, but
this was presumably done to throw people
off the track, and to explode the idea that
he had money. It is also reported from
Pittsburg that he left partly to escape an
other wife, but he denies this to-night.
St. Peter is well connected at Pittsburg
and he expresses the beJiet that he will
have no difficulty in fixing matters with
the association, which is a worliingmea's
affair.
PURE-POOD ORUSADE.
A Grocer Fined for oiling; Adulterated
Honey.
John H. Kemp, a grocer at the corner of
SutUsr and Fillmore streets, who wa- con
victed by a jury in Judge Campbell's
court Tuesday nighl of selling adulterated
honey, was yesterday fine 1 $25 by the
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA WILL
*J bring toyourchoek the pink of health, the
roses of life. It cleanses the blood.
J0&
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA TAKES
" away the surplus bile and leaves the liver
{ in perfect order. It is a true liver regulator.
Judge. The analysis showed that there
was 95 per cent of "glucose and 5 per cent
of honey.
Yesterday afternoon and evening a jury
listened to the evidence and arguments in
a case against John Nolan, grocer, 348
Third street, charged with selling adulter
ated currant jeliy. The analysis showed
four-fifihs of apple jelly and one- fifth cur
rant jeliy. Up to midnight the jury had
not agreed upon a verdict, ten being for
conviction and two for acquittal.
NEW TO-DAY.
New
Way
To Save Money
BUY-
Crockery and Chinaware
AT
Great American Importing Tea Ci
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 .Market st. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny at. 3005 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery aye.
3235 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway ; E. OAKLAND.
131 San Pablo aye. 61 6 E. Twelfth st.
ALAM EDA- 1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
OPERATING 100 STORES—
That's why we
sell so cheap.
OOOD REASON.
fai l Co
DOCTOR SWEANY
20 YEARS' KXPERIUfCK.
Recognized by the entire medical fraternity as th*
LEADING AN MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST
IN THE WORLD.
The doctor is a graduate from the best medi-
j cal colleges in the world. Diplomas and
• licenses hang on the walls of his office. He
j has had many years of experience in the lend-
I ing Eastern hospitals, besides his many years
of wonderful success in practice.
He publishes no names of patients nor their
diseases, but cures them, and any one in need
of bis services desiring references can be shown
hundreds of testimonials on tile in his office,
which grateful patients have requested him
to use.
«1 rw_M\T DO THE SICK PEOPLE OF
VV M V THIS VICINITY CROWD HIS
▼ ▼ mm a. OFFICE DAILY?
I~> C/"* A I TC C The wonderful
|-> r*\ iAi .^ r~*, cureshe has made
*-**-*^'***-»«-/m-« have created con-
fidence and delight in the haarts of those
who have struggled in vain for years against
the ravages of disease, until the successful
doctor, whose picture appears above, gave
them the opportunity to get well.
BUSINESS MEN
Now realize the fact that DR. SWEANY can be
depended upon to fulfill his promises in every
respect, and he now numbers among his pa-
tients many of the most prominent business
men of this city and vicinity. He treats all
medical and surgical diseases.
VOITIMfI JVIFN If you ara troubled
IVJUI>VI ITIGrN with pimples, tired
feelings, gloomy forebodings, palpitation of
heart, hot flushes, blood rushing to the head,
ringing in the ears, evil dreams, night emis-
sions, wandering mind, weak memory, dark
circles under the eyes. dizziness, poor appe-
tite, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which abso-
lutely unfit you for study, business or mar-
riage, you should take treatment from this
noted specialist before it is too late.
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN
There are thousands of you troubled with weak,
aching backs and kidneys, white or brick dust
sediment in urine, too frequent urination and
other unmistakable signs of nervous debility
and premature decay. Many die of this diffi-
culty, ignorant of the cause. The most ob-
stinate cases of this character treated with un-
failing success. Delay is dangerous.
PPIVATP Diseases— Gleet, Gonorrhea,
r ay. i v <-*■■_ strictures, Syphilis, Hyaro-
cele, Varicocele, Tenderness, Swellings, Weak-
ness of Organs, quickly cured without pain or
detention from business.
fATADDH —Which poisons tie breath,
W/A ■ stomach and lungs and
paves the way for Consumption, Lung, Liver.
Heart, Kidney and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture. Piles, Fistula,
treated far in advance of any institution in the
country.
BLOOD AND SKIN ££•&•<;
Pimples, Sciofula, Taints. Tumors, Tetter,
Eczema and Blood Poison, primary or secon-
dary, thoroughly eradicated, leaving the sys-
tem in a strong, pure and healthful state.
I AHIP^ l! you are suffering from per-
»-"»■-* «*-**-» sistent Headache or any other
distressing ailments peculiar to your sex, you
should consult Dr. Sweany without delay. He
cures when others fail.
SCIENTIFIC TREATHENT.
In Seminal Weakness, like all other ail-
ments, the peculiarities shown in each case
will differ and each case must be studied Dy
itself and treated according to the conditions
existing in that particular case. No two cases
can be cured with the same treatment, as no
two cases are ike. This is why Dr. Sweany
nas no single remedy which he deals out as a
"cure-all," nor any mechanical contrivances
such as "electric belts," which are heralded to
the world as a remedy for all ills. His medi-
cal education condemns such methods. Every
case that he undertakes to cur« is treated
scientifically with such remed.es and such
means as in his judgment that particular
case requires In order to effect a speedy and
permanent cure.
VVPITP Your troubles if living away
T¥ IV * " *-* from the city. Thousands cured
at home by correspondence and medicine sent
as directed. Letters answered iv English, Ger-
man, French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian or
Danish.
Absolute secrecy in all professional dealings
Office hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7to 8
p. it Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 m. Address
DR. F. L. SWEANY,
737 Market St.. »an Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite "Examiner" Office).
EHEEEBM
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGER A &en
.' • SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. & C0 *YOUNG BANDITS
COME TO GRIEF
Five Fresno Boys in Jail
After Brief Career^ of
Outlawry.
Robbed Chinese and Japanese
Laborers on Highways
Near the City.
One of the V uths Pursued by a
R.ncner and Woun'ed Before
He Is Captured
FREBNO, Cat.., April 7.— During the
rast week a number of Chinese and
Japanese laborers, walking from their
places of employment to and from this
city in ttie evening, have been "held up"
and robbed. The officers were unable to
obtain clews as to the guilty persons
uniil this afternoon, when they succeeded
in rounding up a gang of five young men,
ranging in ages from 17 to 20 years, who
had started our on careers of brigandage
by robbing inoffensive Mongols.
The prisoners have all been living with
their parents in this city, and it ia the
first time that any of them nave been
arrested. They are Charles and Chester
Bartholomew, Ahab Aziidenan, Nail
Brown and Ed Huiburt.
'Ihe apprehension of the pang was
effected through the capture this after
noon of Cnestor Bartholomew a"d t&e
Hulburt boy, shortly after tuey h*d com- j
mitted a bold daylight robbery of two
Japanese on the highway, about three
miles southeast of th s city. Tney wera
caught by Rancher O. H. Hays after an
exciting chase of soveral miles through
the vineyards. The pursuer rired several
shots over Hulburt'i head and sent a bul
let through his ngUt arm before bringing
him to a stop.
Huiburt and Bartholomew had followed
the two Japanese out into the country
Irom thiß city, and it was about 1 o'clock
when they robbed them. One of the vic
f.ms had a pistol and made an unsuccess
ful attempt to defend bimself with it. The
roDDers took it from him and re.ieved him
of a watch and chain.
The hold-up was witnessed by ranchers
living near by, and two men pursued tne
robbersfor about a m ile. They then came
to Hays' place and told him of what had
happened. He armed himself with h:?
pistoland took after toe fugitives. Sheriff
Scott happened to be driving in the vi- I
cn.ty and drove around to head the rob
bers otf, but before he could do so Hays
had captured Hulburt. Bartholomew hid
and doviced his pursuers.
Sheriff Scott brought the wounded pris
oner o town to have his arm attended to,
and Hays took up the hunt for the Bar
tholomew lad, who was captured without
much difficulty.
Th s evening the prisoners made a com
plete confession. They implicated the
other members of the gang and told of all
tne robberies they had committed. The
boy? formed a sorrowful aggregation in
the County Jail to-night, the other three
having been immediately arrested upon
the confession of Bartholomew and Hui
buri. They also admit their guilt.
SEARCHING FOR Alt HEIRESS.
Wealthy Alabama Woman Invokes the
Aid of Portland Dstect/ves to
Locate Her Niece.
PORTLAND, Or., April 7.— Mrs. An
netta Green, an elderiy woman hailing
from Alabama, who came to Portland from
Seattle yesterday, ii searcning for her
niece, Miss Helen Ida Stapleton, whom
she has never seen, but who, if found, will
come into great wealth. Mrs. Green had
a conference with Detective Weich yester
day afternoon with a view of obtaining
his assistance in locating that niece, for
whom she has been seeking all over this
coast for the past two montns.
Mrs. Green says that in 1870 her sister
married L. J. Stapleton, a well-to-do man,
in Covington, Ky., and soon thereafter
they went to San Francisco to live. There
Stapleton engaged in mining sock specu
lation, and when he died in that city in
that city in 1882 there was scarcely enough
remaining of tbe $120,000 be brought to
tbe coast to pay burial expenses.
Mrs. Green and her sister maintained
only a desultory correspondence after the
latier came to this coast, but a year aiter
Stapleton's death his widow wrote that
she and her only surviving ctr.ld, Helen,
proposed taking up their residence either
here or in Seattle. It is now three months
since she received advice of her sister's
death from her n.ece, but as she lest ihe
letter she was unable to say whether it
was dated from San Francisco, Seattle or
this city. The records of these three cities
show no death within ihe past year of a
person answering the description of Mrs
Green's sister, and so far her search for
Miss Helen has been a distressingly fruit
less one.
The old lady ltaied to the detective that
this niece is the only re! a -re she has on
earth. Sbe desires to take the young lady
to Alabama with her, and on her death
to leave to the niece Her estate, worth
about $200,000. •
ST. HELENA'S BOARD OF TRADE.
Business Men Form an Organ nation for
the Upbuilding of the City's
Industries.
ST. HELENA, Cal., April 7.— ln re
sponse to a petition circulated last week,
100 of Helena's more progre -ive
citizens net at the Town Hall last evening
and organized a Board of Trade. Fritz
Benngee, a vineyarrlist and wine-dealer,
was elected president of the organization;
J. W. Steves, first vice-president ; William
Rennie, second vice-president; L. G. Clarfc,
secretary, ai.d George W. Lee, treasurer.
The executive committee is composed of
A. M. Beil, It. W. Pitbie, Henry Lange,
Fred W. LoeLer. W. Frame Mixon, Nathan
Lauter, Judg<* Harry J. Cninn, R. W.
',yman and Lar.-y Lewellyn. The com
mittee on permanent oreanization was ap
pointed its follows: .1 H. Steves, B. Frank
.{ittlewell, George W. Smitn and A. M.
lelJ.
An endeavor will be made to induce
capitalists to put in a sugar refinery, a
Oeamery, a ca mery and a fruit-dryer
h*re. The creaaery is almost a certainty.
"t. Heiena is one of the richest wine
di >ducing section:- of the State, and has
at actc i considerable capital of late.
W h a Board of Trade, activity is sure to
rev ye in several Deflected industries.
t.fif.-ftjort ffater Carnival.
LA.KEPORT, Cal., April 7.— The com
ing water carninal ■ the all-absorbing
topi of conversation. The various com
mitues are working like beavers and are
leav g no stone umirned. The water
com: ittee has tua<ie valuable money
prizes for the best decorated boats repre
aenu the summer resorts of the county.
Th* f/rn petition betweeiiHieblandSprings
and Lirtlett Springs wiw be the geatest.
The seller resorts will content tbem
jmlycs with more modest display*. There
will be two classes, three prizes in each
class.
Indians in native costume will dance
war and tire dances and have canoe races
in their dugout-, all oi which will be in
tensely interestine to the city visisors.
A spiendid bicycle track has been made
on tne laKe shore, and will be the scene
of quite a n urn her of exciting contests.
Jnsecii Craip, manager of Highland
Springs, J. E. "&> Mahon of Bartlett
Sprin sand H. Warn bold of Laurel Dell
are takng great interest in the carnival
and will do their best to carry away prizes
for their resorts.
RAILWAY TO RAM ON A.
San Diejans Accept a Proposition lor
the Construction of the
Line.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 7.— 0. N. Het
ting. a responsible ra.lroad contractor of
many years' experience on this coast, is
in the city. Mr. Hetting has a large
stock of horses and grading machinery on
his hands and no contract on the tapis at
present. To-uay he submitted an offer to
President Morse of the Chamber of Com
merce committee, which is proposing to
construct a railroad from Lakeside to Ka
mona, offering to grade the entire line
twenty-two miles, lay the ties and rails
and put the road into complete shape for
operation upon a proposition of hall cash
and hdlf stock, not a dollar in enher to be
paid until the contract is completed, ex
cept abou 115,000, which he estimates it
would require lor provisions for his men
and moles. He estimates that the work
would require about four months and
would co*t $150,000, a«ide from the rails,
which would cost $;0,G03 more, and he of
fers to put up a bond of $100,000, secured
by the American Surety Company of New
YorK, for the faithful performance of his
contract.
The $15,000 required is already aub-
Bcrioed, and to-niorrow morning a sur
veying party will set out from Lakeside
to" run cross surveys and set the grade
I stakes, the preliminary survey having al
ready been made.
The projectors are very enthusiastic
over the scheme, and believe that at last
San Diego's back country is to be reached
by a road which will penetrate forty miles
into the richest valley in San Diego
County and open up 100,000 acres for de
velopment and settlement.
LEAGUERS AT WOODLAND.
Epworth Bodies of the Napa District
Convene at the Yolo County
Metropolis.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 7.— The dele
gates who aie irt attendance at the Napa
District convention of the Epworth
League, in session in this city, were ten
dered a reception last nigat in ttie Metho
dist Episcopal church. The large edifice
presented an attractive appearance. The
principal decorations were California pop
pies aud smilax. The league mottoes and
emulema were conspicuous.
There was a brief song service, in which
all present participated. An orchestral
selection was rendered by Miss Tuck,
piano; Joe Nardini. violin, and Harvey
Hester, 'cello. W. H. ±janks. president of
the local league, and Miss Julia Boggs, in
behalf of the young people's societies of
this city, delivered addresses of welcome.
William Hotle of Kebastopol, in behalf of
the visiting delegates, and Miss Dixon of
Petalucia, the district president, respond
ed. Miss Nina Parker and Miss Minnie
Prior rendered vocal solos, and Mrs. Ward
and Dr. Grant a vocal duet.
Thi3 morning tue services opened with
sunrise prayer at 6 o'clock. K*-v. W. F.
Warren was the leader. At S:3O o'clock
devotional services were again held in the
church and there was an increase in the
attendance. These were led by Mrs. Hat
tie Allen Marble of Santa Rosa.
*At 9 o'clock the, convention was called
to oraer. Miss Dizon, the district presi
dent, presided. la tne absence of T. B.
Hntchinson of Napa, the regular secre
tary, William Hoile was chosen secretary
pro tern. The reports of ail the district
officers were read and placed onrile. The
Epworth wheel was then formed and the
convention resolved itself into small
group? for the discussion of various
topics.
The afternoon session opened with an
excellent paper by Miss Olivia Gordan,
superintendent of ths juniors. Mrs. Stei
ner also read an interesting paper on
'"What Shall We Teacn the Juniors?"
E.mer Dopfcins reported for the Wood 'and
juniors and Miss King for the Santa Rosa
juniors.
The nominating committee reported the
following officers for the ensuing term:
Mary L. Dixon of Petaiuma. president
(re-elected); William Hotle of Sebastopol,
nrst vice-president; Mrs. Blanche English
of Petaluma, second vice-president; Mrs.
Hattie Allen Marble of Santa Rosa, third
vice-president; Miss Kate Ames of >*apa,
fourth vice-president: Miss Georgia Ab
bey of Madison, recording secretary; Wil
dsm Baoksof »Voodland, treasurer; Oliver
Gordan, Valley Ford, junior superintend
ent. The executive committee is com
posed of the presiding elder of the Napa
District and the pastors of Santa Rosa and
Napa churches.
At the evening session Rev. C. H. Beech
wood delivered an interesting address.
I'itt at Itidrnhour Station.
EANTA ROSA, Cal., April 7. — L. W.
Ridenhour of Ridenbour station, near
Ouerneville, died at his residence yester
day, age 65. Mr. Ridenbour was one of
the best-known men in Sonoma County
and was one of the earliest settlers in this
valley. He was proprietor of the Russian
River Brick and Tile Works at Ridenhour
station and other valuable property in
that vicinity. The funeral wilt take place
on Sunday under tbe auspices of Mount
Jackson Lodge, F. and A. M., of which
the deceased was an old-time member.
} oun>j r/iritiiam at Tulare.
TULARE, Cal., April 7.— The seventh
semi-annual convention of the Fresno
district Epworth Laague has just closed,
after a successful three days' session at
the M. E. church in this city. Delegates
were present from all sections of the dis
trict. Among the distinguished divines
who attended were Rev. T. C. Miller of
Los Angeles and Key. Joseph F. Berry of
Chicago. The latter is the editor of the
Epworth League, the National organ of
the association. Rev. Mr. Berry is a bril
liant pulpit orator and an indefatigable
worker in the cause of the young people
Tolo County Roy lnjurnH
WOODLAND, Cal.. April 7. — Edwin
Hutcriingi, the 10-year-old son of L. E.
Hutchiiißs, met witn a shocking accident
la»t evening while returning home from
school. He was riding with several com
panions on tno rear end of a large grain
wagon, and in some manner his left foot
caught between the spokes. The lad was
whirled through the air and thrown to the
ground. When picked up he was uncon
scious. The limb was almost torn from
the body and will have to be amputated.
Stockton I fiinamnn Conricted.
STOCKTON. Cal., April 7.-Mah Kee
Wan, one of three Chinamen arrested lor
highway robbery, they having robbed a
countryman in January at Lockeford, was
convicted by a jury in the District Court
this afternoon. He is a member of the
Sam Yup Company and was in trouble at
Sacramento and at one time out on bail in
San Francisco for assault to commit mur
der.
Death of a Xulare I'ionrer.
TULARE, Cal , April 7.— D. H. Perkins,
an old and esteemed pioneer, died last
night after a lingering illness. "Uncle
Dan," as he was familiarly known, bad
lived in Tulare almost a quarter of a cen
tury. He was 76 years old.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
MEN WHO'LL WEAR
STANFORD COLORS
Records May Fall When
Berkeley and Palo
Alto Meet.
Track Captain Dole Expected to
Win Laurels for His
Team.
Weight-Toss?r Hazzird in Form for
the Contest— Training Teb.s
for Athletes.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
7. — On Saturday, April 24, Charles Sum
ner Dole '98 will take his track team to
San Francisco to clay off the tie made by
the athletic teams of Stanford and Berke
ley last year.
By a curious coincidence the captains
of the three Stanford teams this year are
from Southern California — Dole of the
irack team, Fickert of the football eleven
and Thompson of the baseball nine.
Dole is an athlete of unusual ability and a
conscientious worker on the track. His
example bus been worth a great deal to
those who are training under his direc
tion. Ue has laten great interest in Stan
ford affairs since he entered the university
three years ago.
In the last field day on the campus, in
spite of a lame knee, Dole role-vaulted 10
feet 11 inches. This was an increase over
his best recorded performance of 10 feet
10', incbei, which is the present coast
record. He has lately shown a decided
improvement in the broad jump.
Among Dole's records are the coa«t
record for the pole vault, 10 feet 10}^
inches; high jump, ft leet 9}j inches;
broad jump, 20 feet 7,' a inches; 220-yard
GEORGE H. HAZZARD, One of the Stars of the Stanford
Track Team.
hurdle, 27 seconds; 120-yard hurdle, 16 4-5
seconds, and 100-yard dash, 10 3-5 seconds.
He is the champion all-round athlete of
the Y. M. C. A. on ihe coast. He is a
nephew of President Dole of the Hawaiian
Inlands. He weighs 170 pounds in run
ning attire and is tinely built. His major
subject is economics.
George H. Hazzard '!*;, who is taking
post-graduate work this year, will be one
of Stanford's weight-tossers in the inter
collegiate contests. Although weighing
but 103 pounds lie has a record of 126 feet
6 inches in this event. This was made at
the riel i day last year. He tnrows the
hammer with the prettiest motion of any
of the Stanford men, although latsly he
has not equaled his recorded throw for
distance. He turns twice before casting
the weight and requires but a three-foot
ring to make his turns, which shows the
result of constant practice.
This will be Hazzard's fourth appear
ance on an intercollegiate held day, and
according to the intercollegiate athletic
agreement affecting candidates for all ath
letic teams it will be his last.
Hazzard is 24 years old and was born in
San Francisco. altbous;h i'.e now lives in
San Diego. His major study at Stanford
has been English.
Santa Ciara and Stanford will cross bats
on the university diamond to-morrow.
The visiting team will be made up esaeu
tiallv the same as it was when it defeated
the University of California on the same
diamond la-it week. This will give some
indication as to the probable result of the
Stanford- University of California game
which i* to come off in San Francisco, at
Central Park, next Saturday.
The Var»ity team will be composed as
follows: Catcher, Jeffs; pitchers, McLaine
and Beckett; first base, Young; second
base, C. Strohm; shortstop, Lou* head;
third base, Clemen*; right field, W T ight;
center field. Freeman, and left tiald.
ThoniDSon. McLaine will pitch moet of
the g:ime, us Beckett will have to pitch in
the intercollegiate match two days later.
The team has received some valuable
coachiue for a week cast from Jack Shee
han '95. and a decided improvement is
manifest. The evening's practice has been
characterized by more g nger in the field
ing and an improvement in base-running.
The game will be called at 2 p. m.
The following trackmen will eat at the
training table next Monday : Bnnton, Hol
brook, Birtch, Dole, Walker, Burnett,
Morgan. Pope, Adams, Diggies, Wilson,
Smith, Hazzard, Fickert, Lawton, Mur
phy and Carle. A lew more men will be
added to the list as they show their litne-s
in the practice game~ for special attention.
A Billiard Record Broken.
CHICAGO, 111., April 7.— The game in
the billiard tournament this afternoon
CHARLES S. DOLE, Captain of the Stanford Track Team.
was notable for the shotstop high run
records being broken by button, the
Canadian, who scored 169 in the eighth
inning, two points more than the next
highest. He won out against Gallagher
by the score of 400 to 240. Most of the
high run was made on the line. Gallagner
seems to have lost nu stroke entirely,
Ravine won oulv one game when much
was expected of him. His high run to
day was 59. Button's average was 20.
STOCKTON'S BENCH SHOW.
Opens Under Gratifying Auspices and Will
Continue Three Days More— Some
of the Prize- Winners.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 7.— The first an
nual bench show of the Stockton Kennel
Clob Opened in Agricultural Pavilion this
evening with gratifying attendance. J.
Otis Fellows of Hornelliville, N. V.,
judzed the show, awarding prizes as fol
lows:
Mastiffs, puppies — Chauncey, owned by
Louise Dohrmann, Stockton, first; Bruno, sec
ond. Mrs. J. William*, Stockton. Bitches— Bess I
11, M. D. Garratt first; Lola, Mrs. J. P. Norman, !
Helmont, San Mateo County, second; Sybil C,
Dr. Clark, Sioekion, third.
St. Bernards, puppies, rough-coated dogs-
Prince Oscar 11. Joseph Moll, Eugene, Cal,,
firs:; Orion, J. E. Littrel, Oakland, second
Bitche»— Loren, Josepn Moll, first; Queen of
the San Joaquin, August Muenter, Lathrop.
•econd. Novice dogs and bitches, smooth
coated—Le Prince Jr., F. H. Bushnell, San
Francisco, first- Open, dogs, rough-coated —
Roxie Savage Taylor, Dr. Taylor, Oakland,
first; Regiuald X, Herbert Kullman, San
Francisco, second. Open, bitches, rough
coated—Florence, Uumboldt kennel, San Fran
cisco, first; Trixy Lodge, Fred Jacobs, Oak
land, second. Challenge dogs, rough-coated—
Cnampion Grand Master, Thomas Browne,
San Francisco, first. Local bitches, smooth
coated—Queen of the San Joaquin, August
Muenter, first; Le Prince Jr., F. H. Bushnell,
San Francisco, equal first.
Bloodhounds— Buckshot 11, Mount Shasta
kennel, Fruitvale, first.
(ireat Danes, puppy bitches— Tosca, W. Wii-
Hams, San Francisco, first. Open, dogs— Rax
R, Mrs. Alired Roncovieri, San Francisco,
first; Juan, John Lore Cuuningham, Los An
geles, second. Open, bitches— Queen R, Mrs.
Koncovieri, San Francisco, first; Trixie, Mrs.
Luigen, Stockton, second; Queen C, J. Love
Cunniuirham, very highly commended; like
wise Blue, O. M. Tupptr, San Jose-
Newfoundlands— Carlo, C. V. Salix, Stock
ton, first.
Greynounds, open, dogs— Laurelwood 11, B.
E. Portal. San Jose, first. Open, bitches— Stella
D, W. Deegan, Stockton, first.
Foxhounds, open, dogs— Sport. W. L. Prater
Jr., Oakland, fir-<i; Jim, same owner, second.
Open, bitches— Beil, \V. L. Prater, Oakland,
first; Happy, A. N. Merrltt, San Francisco,
second.
Pointers, puppy dogs— Glenbeigh 111, Len
Owens, San Francisco, first; Point, L. D.
cmitii, Stockton, second. Puppy bitches—
Lady Grenbugh, E. .T. Puffield, San Francisco,
h'rst. Open, dogs, over 55 pound* — Jack, H. A.
Molir, Sacramento, rirst; under 55, Jack, Mrs.
W, B. Nutter, Stockion, second. Open, Ditches,
under 50— Patti Croliih C, W. E Chute, Santa
Clara, first; Bride R, C. E. Rich, Stockton,
second. Challenge dogs, und'T 55— Baldy, J.
H. Keifer, Los Angeles, lirst. Local bitches —
Bride R. C. E. K:ch. Stockton.
English setters— Prince, E. R. Peyton, Stock
ton first. Novice dogs and bitches— Spraa, I).
Lorrigan, Stockton, first; Queen Bee, W. T.
Keys, Stockton, second. Open, dogs— Count
Harold, H T. Pavne. San Fr«nci>co, first;
Charm, G. W. Tibbets, Coiuaa, second; Nim
rod E, Herbert Edwards, San Francisco, third.
Open, bitches — Queen of Counts, H. T. Payne,
San Francisco, and Peacn Mark, 8. Hughes, San
Franc sco, equal firsts; Kitty R, I). Winders,
Stockton, third. Challenge "bitches — Silver
plate, B Huslies, San Francisco, rirst. Local
bitches— Qaeen B, W. T. Keys, SvOCkton, first;
l>HHi<ie C, Mrs. P. P. Clark. Stockton, second.
Irish betters— chief Jr., C. If. B<rker, Sun
Jose, first; Lad of Gienui^re, George Gray, Oak
land, second; Gienmore Sultan, M. h. Garratt,
San Francisco, tnlrd.
Gordon setters, open, dogs— Sport 11. H.
Longers, Siuckion. first; Beppo, J. S. Dunham,
Stockton, and Beauty uwen, C. M. Owens,
Stockton, equal second.
Chesspeake Bay dogs— County, George Ellis,
Stocktoi., first.
The bench show will be In progress three
more nights.
Fi-ld. ( ontrtt* at Benicia.
BENICIA, Cal., April 7.— The final try
outs took place to-day at iJenicia barracks
to determine who should compete at the
Presidio games. The following were the
events and the winners:
220-yard dash— Won by Sergeant O'Marie,
time 23 3-5 seconds.
Standing high jjmp— Tied by Ytmbert o( !
Company 1) and Kramer of Company B, 4 feet ]
5 inches.
Hammer throw— Won by Breen of Company
C, 94 feet 6 inches.
Poie vault— Won by Bulger of Company B,
8 feet 5 inches.
Obstacle race— Won by Hcndrix of Company
C, 27 1-5 second*.
120-yard hurdl» race— Won by Carter of
Company C, 19 1-5 seconds.
440-ynrd light marching oraer— Won by
Dougheny of Company D, 2 minutes 50 4-5
seconds.
Running high jump— Won by Carter of Com
pany D, 5 feet.
Hop, step and jump— Won by Thomas of
Company B, 40 feet.
Equipment race— Won by Bowling of Com
pany U, 51J-J Eeconds.
H"<«»i*r» at Xetcport.
NEWPORT, Ky. , April 7.— Six and a half fur
longs, Flotow won, Robinson second, Dunois
third. Time. 1:21^.
Four furlongs, Lady Irene won, L»dy of the
West second, Eastin third. Time, :49^.
Four and a half furlongs. Van Antwerp won,
Don Quixote second, Richard J third. Time,
:sti'i.
One mile, San Juan won. Kalitan second,
Banque third. Time, 1 :43' 4 .
<>..e mile and fifty yardt>, Simon W won,
Dorothy 111 tecond, Hilda third. Time, 1:45.
NAFA LITIGATION ENDED.
William Plass Wins the Suit for a Third
of H,s Dead Brother's
Estate.
NAPA, Cal., April 7.— Judgment in the
case of William Plass vs. Catherine, Philip
and Charles Plass, which has been h?iore
the Superior Court since July of 1596, was
to-day rendered by the court in favor of
the plaintiff for the amount asked for.
In his will, Charles Piass, deceased, gave
a life interest in his estata to Catherine
Plass, his widow, and William Plass, his
brother. On the death of Catherine and
WiHam Piass the estate, which is valued
at $50,000, was lobe given into the pos
session of Philip and Charles Plaas. Wil
liam Plass brought suit a^aiust the estate
for one-third of the lands owned by
Charles Plass. deceased, the lands being
valued at $36,000, claiming that he had
supplied one-tuird oi the purchase price
when the lands were bought.
By the judgment of the court, William
Plass will own in fee simple one-third of
the lands or the equivalent, $12,000.
Under the will he will have a life interest
in the remainder of the estate, or about
$17,000. The case will probably be
appealed.
Tacoma Sliijhled by Congrett.
TACOMA, Wash., April 7. —The Ta
coma Chamber of Commerce has become
excited over the discovery that the bill
passed by the late Congress, restraining
the importation of adulterated tea and
providing for inspectors at ports of entry,
does not mention Tacoma as one of these
ports. San Francisco, Chicago, Boston
and New York are the ones mentioned.
As considerable tea is imported via Ta
coma and quick dispatch is the great de
sideratum in the business, it is feared Ta
coma's import trade in this respect may
be creatly injured because of the non-pro
vision for inspector here. An attempt
will be made at once to have Congress
amend the law so as to include Tacoma
in the list.
ArrfteA for a laeoma Assault.
TACOMA, Wash., April 7.— R. H. Bow
man, who runs a small tannery in this
city, was arrested this evening by the
police on a charge of baing one of the
persons who recently waylaid and nearly
kiiled Peter Oieson, a cattle-dealer, in
order to rob him of $500. The police say
they have strong proof against Bowman.
The preliminary hearing of the case takes
to-morrow.
BRAVED DEATH IN
RAGING FLAMES
Seattle Officer's Heroism
Saves the Life of a
Blind Woman.
Enters a Burning Building and
Eears the Unfortunate to
Safety.
Hairbreadth Escapes of Guests Froa
the Fire-Swept Overland
Hotel.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 7.— Seattle had
a fire visitation between 1 and 2 o'clock
this morning which came near being
most disastrous not only as regards great
destruction of property, but the loss of
lives as well. For a time it seemed that
all that section of the city south of Jack
son and for two blocks east of Commercial
street (most of the buildings being
wooden) would be destroyed by a fire
which originated in the Overland House,
from what appears to have been a coal-oil
lamp explosion.
In making their way out of the hotel
many of the guests had narrow escapes
some most miraculous ones. Antonio
Tane, an Italian, was rescued by the po-
licp, out not until he had been burned ;
until tne flesh began to drop from hia face
and hands. Physicians say he cannot re
cover, and his sufferings 'o-day have been
almost beyond human endurance.
Officer Powers found Mrs. May, an old
blind woman, prostrated from smoke in
one of the rooms on the third door of tne
house. Two stairways were burned, fall
ing in while he wrestled with his charge,
and at one time it seemed that the brave
blae coat and the woman were both
doomed. He groped around in the
dense and all but suffocating smoke until
he found a third stairway. This was
ablaze, too, but the officer, carrying the
woman in his arms, rushed down and
barely reached the sidewalk when the
stairway went down with a crash, cutting
off the last avenue of escape. Owing to
tier advanced ape it was feared that the
injuries austained, together with the
frigh;, might prove fatal, but the woman
is now out of danger.
W. N. Calder, an electrician, fell during
the progress of the tire, sustaining slight
injuries.
The Overland House, Major Edward
M. Schrack, proprietor, was destroyed
and the Salvation Army Shelter building,
in the same block, was badly damaged,
besides slight damages to adjacent struc
tures. The loss on buildings is about
$5000, with an insurance of $1000.
fire ->r«ir t.ulieville.
PETALUMA, Cai-, April 7.— The em
ployes of the Fair ranch just below Lake
viile, noticed at 8 o'clock this morning
that the large brick warehouse on tlie
Petalnma Creek was in flames. Though the
fireprooi doors had been securely fastened
the night before, one was found open, and
from it were pouring tire and smoke. The
HEW TO-DAX. „
Our Great
RETAIL SALE
Of Boys' and Children's
FINE CLOTHING
FOR \
SPRING \
AND \
summer \AT WHOLESALE PRICES
WEAR
CHILDREN'S
i Reefer Suits,
j Middy Suits,
Blouse Suits== r— — — —
with short and Every piece of cloth is
long pants, for made under our own "
! Children from pervision-it is the very
4to 10 years. be + and the very latest
4to 10 years. patterned. These suits
BOYS' are mac e especially for
Cheviot Suits, children and boys who
Cassimere are hard on their clothes
c .v — they are made to wear
Suits, •* like iron.
... , ,r, ,j iiKe iron.
Worsted Suits And sold for naif what
—single and dealers can sell the same
double breast= goods for. Proved toyour
ed===for boys entire satisfaction at our
from 12 to 18 store— the store of the
years. blue signs, the SECOND
I BLOCK from Market 5 1.
The only wholesale store
west of New York where
clothing: is sold at retail
at wholesale prices.
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
AT THE BIG \ 121-123
BLUE SIGNS 1 SANSbME ST.
door was hastily lrosed and efforts made
to save the walls of ihe building. Streams
from small hand pumps were thrown on
tne tire and the steam pump was U3ed
until the tiae was low, when the bose
could no longer reach the water. The
steamer Gold, on its downward trip,
rendered what assistance it could. The
contents of the building, consisting of
about 200 tons of hay, besides large quan
tities of other produce, were lost. The
buildins wns built twenty-five years ago
by the late William Bihier.
PORTLAND JFlJtt£.ltUCr CONFESSES.
Henry Jacobs Tell* of n Crime to /><?
fraud Inturnnc* Companies.
PORTLAND. Or., April 7.— Henry Ja
cobs, indicted for participation in the set
ting fire to the wholesale clothing-house
of Sam Wolf Si Co. last July, involving a
loss to the insurance companies of $30,000,
confessed this morning. The old man
weakened when ho saw all the machinery
of the courts started going in his case, and
turned State's evidence to save himself
and involve others.
Marcus Wolf, a brother of Henry Wolf,
a partner in the Wolf clothing firm, was
arrested by Detective Hol*apple on a
churce of burning property with" intent to
defraud insurance companies. Marcus
Wolf came from ban Francisco yesterday
to testify in the Jacobs case. This even
ing it is alleged that Jacobs, in his con
fession, stated that it was Marcus who
struck the match that set the stock
ablaze.
POISOJfIAO -i r l>li(E>lX.
Sir: W. S. Badley Drink* Coffee Which
Had Bran Doted With Arsenic.
PHCENIX. Ariz., April 7.— Mrs. W. S.
Hadley of mis city lies at tne point of
death from what is thought to be arsenical
poisoning. Tne husband from whom she
has just been divorced wa3 arrested on
suspicion of dosing the coffee.
Mrs. Hartley is a taxidermist of some
repute. When she returned from a visit
last evening she found her workshop in
disorder and her chemicals and poisons
displaced. The can of arsenical soap was
near the coffee-DOt, but unthinkingly she
drank of the coffee, and then called upon
a neighbor. Very soon she was seized
with vomiting and was in great agony.
Dr. Tuttie is attending her.
Purtuit of a Haninc at Too.
WOODLAND, Cal, April 7.— Sheriff
Bogard of Tehama county and a deputy
had an exciting chase at Yolo, five miles
north of here, this afternoon. The officers
had in charge a crazy man whom they
were conveying to ttie Napa asylum, just
as the train was leaving the station the
lunatic ran to the doer and jumped off.
The train was stopped and alter chasing
him for a mile he was overtaken and sur
rendered without resistance. The officers
re:urned with him to the depot and
boarded the next train for their destina
tion.
Fatal Accident at fit alia.
VISALIA, Cal.. April 7.— Robert W.
Gosney, while driving a spirited horse at
tached to a buggy through town this
afternoon, was thrown out. He struck on
the left side of his head and was injured
so badly that death ensued in a few
minutes. He had been for several years
past either engineer or conductor on tbe
mountain railroad at Sequoia lumber
milis, fifty miles nortn of here. A widow
and two children survive him.
Santa, lines t alley Crops.
BALLARD, Cai*, April 7.— The produc
tive valley of the Santa Ynez promises to
return this season the greatest cereal in
crease in its history. If the crop be even
fair the output will reach over cen
tals.
Body Found at San Juan.
SANTA ANA, Cal.. April 7.— The body
of an unknown man was fouud on the
beach at San Juan-by-the-Sea, twenty-five
miles below here, this morning. It is
supposed to be that of a tramp.
34
THE CHOICE
A SURPRISE
Kruttschnitt a Director of
the Southern Pa
cific.
MRS. STANFORD VOTED
IN PERSON.
Nearly AH of the Outstanding
Shares of Stock Were
Polled.
NO OTHER CHANGES IN THE
BOARD.
No Doubt of the Re-election of Collis
P. Huntingtoa to the Presi
dency.
Julius Kruttschnitt is the new director
of the Southern Pacific Company. He
was elected yesterday by the unanimous
vote of all who took part in the election
as the successor to A. L. Tubbs, de
ceased.
It was well understood that there would
be no change in the board of directors, ex
cept to rill the vacancy caused oy the
death of the well-known cordage manu
facturer, who was an intimate personal
friend of C. P. Huntington, and the result,
so far as the re-election of the former ten
directors is concerned, was just what was
expected.
The election was not, however, devoid
of interest. Both inside and outside the
hive of railroad employes located at the
corner of Montgomery and Market streets,
speculation has been rife as to who would
be selected as the new director, and not
once was the name of General Manager
Krattechnitt mentioned in that connec
tion. His election is, therefore, except to
a select few. somewhat of an unexpected
outcome. It had been supposed ihat, in
asmuch as the director, whose place it was
the duty of the stockholders to till, had
been a merchant, bis successor would be
chosen irom the same field of commercial
life. In justice to the gentleman upon
whom the honor has fallen it must be
stated that his election is most heartily
approved not only by every orie connected
with the sreat corporation, 'but by those
whose business brings them in contact
with the higher railroad officials.
There was but one ticket in the field,
ana not even an attempt at opposition
was manifested to it. The ticket as voted
is as follows:
The election took place during what was
nominally called the annual meetinc of
the stockholders of the Southern Pacific
Company, but at which no other business
was transacted, except the selection of a
board of eleven vi rectors for the ensuing
year. C. P. Huntington presided and Sec
retary E. C. Wright kept tally of the votes.
The polls were open from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
and 1,163,972.05 shares were voti-d out of a
total of 1,209,950.70 shares issued.
Mrs. Jane Stanford, escorted by Charles
G. Lathrop, her brother, ana Russell J.
Wilson, her attorney, went in person to
cast her vote. Her entry in the building
created considerable comment, but was
•otherwise devoid of incident. She re
mained just long enough to deposit her
ballot and pass the time of day with a few
of the directors and thun departed for her
home. Her personal interest in tbe pro
ceedings, thus displayed, is understood to
signify that she will repeat her perform
ance of last year and uave her ropresenta
tives vote for Ueneral Hubbard for presi
dent. Some say she may select Colonel
Crocker for this compliment. Both gen
tlemen are reporiea to be averse to her
using their names in this connection, but
have, under the circumstances, no power
to control her action.
None of the directors would state how !
they intended to vote for officers, of the
Southern Pacific Company to-day, but it
ia conceded that the incumbents will be
returned as follows: President, C. P.
Huntington ; vice-president, C. F. Crocker ;
second vice-president, T. 11. Hubbard;
third yice-pres:dent. J. C. Stubbs.
While Director Knittschnitt is a com
paratively new man to the people of the
Pacific Coast he is well ana favorably
Jcnown throughout the railroad world and
has been directly connected with the
Southern Pacific Company for twelve
▼Mrs. Hi* career in his chosen vocation
Is remarkable for its uniform success in
every position of responsibility to which
be was eievated. He is yet a young man,
having not yet passed his forty-third an
niversary.
Julius Kruttschnitt was born July 30,
1854, at New Orleans, La. He attended
private pchooi for three years at that point !
from 1867 to I*7o, and entered the encin- j
eering school of Washington and L«e Uni- I
versity, Lexington. Va., in the latter year, I
receiving the degree of civil engineer in
the summer of 1873. About that time
railroad work was extremely dull on ac
count of the financial throubles of that
year, and he accepted a position as assist
ant to Colonel William Allan, head of the I
engineering school of Washington and !
Lee University, from which he had just I
graduated, be having been apDointed |
principal of the Macdonough School, near
Owing,'s mill, about twelve miles from the
city of Baltimore, in Baltimore County
Md
in Uie two or three months preceding
JULIUS KRUTTSCHNITT, Director and General Manager of
the Southern Pacific Company*
[From his latent photograph.]
the organization of the staff of the school
he was employed by Colonel Allan per
sonally to revise and edit his lecture notes
on "Civii Engineering," which he had
made from time to time for the use of his
students at the university. These notes
were almost exclusively on Rankin's
treatises on applied mechanics and civil
engineering, and were published in W ■!.
ijome time afterward these notes on
arches aud on the strength ot beams un
der transverse loads were published ab
numbers of the Van Nostrand's science
series.
He occupied the position as an assistant
in the Macdonoueh School fora period of
live years, during which he was very much
assisted in a post-graduate course of study
on professional subjects by Colonel Allan,
who, up io his death many years later,
was the warmest and most devoted of hi;
friends.
in the summer of I*7B he entered rail
j road service as resident engineer, in charge
! of the construction of sixty- four miles of
Morgan's Louisiana and Texas Railroad, j
between Berwick Bay and Lafayette, La., |
with headquarters at Berwick, Lh. On the j
completion of the line he was made road- |
masier, and shortly afterward general
roadraaster and assistant chief engineer :
in charge of maintenance of way and
structures of the entire line from New
Orleans to Alexandria, La.
In April. 1883, he was made superin
tendent of Morgan's Louisiana and Texas j
Railroad and Steamship ComDany, wun
beadquarteis at New Orleans, his duties ■
embracing those of chief eneineer as well.
In October, 1885, shortly after the '
Southern Pacific Company acquired its I
interest in the Louisiana properties, fie
was made assistant manager to General '
Manager A. C. Hutchinson of the Atlantic ',
system.
In July. I?S9, his headquarters were
transferred to Houston, Tex., and his :
duties extended to those of general man
ager of the Atlantic system, muter wnich
tr.le the Louisiana lines were still Known, ■
and in addition was elected president of
the New YorK. Texas and Mexican Rail
way, the Gulf, Western Texas and Pacific
Railway and the Sabine and East Texas
Railway in Texav and vice-president of :
the Galveston, Harrisburg and San An- ,
tonio Kail way, and of the Texas ana New
Orleans Railroud Company.
While occupying these various positions
tiie raii lines in question were almost en
tirely reconstructed by the Southern Pa- .
cifie Company, and many improvements
to fit them for the largely increased bus:- '
ness wore de.-iirned and built under his i
supervision. Among the principal wort i
may be mentioned the ferry inclines and
terminals at New Orleans and Algiers, the
combined freight depots and warehouses i
in New Orleans, the Pecos viaduct on tbe
line of the Galveston, HHrrisburg and
ban Antonio Railway in Western Texa« ;
the wood-preserving works at Houston,
Texas, and the shops at Houston, San An
tonio and El Paso, Texas. '
Following the death of A. N. Towne In
October, 1893, he whs appointed general
manneerof all lines of the Southern Pa
cllie Company, with headquarters at San
Francisco, where he now resides.
In order to make him eligible as a
director he was recently made a stock
holder of the Southern Pacific Company,
his holding being a nominal number of
shares. He was not piesent at the elec
tion yesterday and his new honor was
somewhat of a surprise to him.
A partial report of the company's busi
ness since January 1, IS9G, will be sub
mitted at the meeting to-day. The report
will show that the gross earnings for the
twelve months ending December 31 last
were $43,656,419. as ajrsinst $50,457,022 for
the calendar year 1595, or a decrease of
$1,800,003. The expenses were $31,961,916,
as compared with $33,242,398 for 1895, a de
crease of $1,280,432. The net earnings
were, therefore, $16,694,503, a decrease, as
compared with the previous vcar, of
$520,121. The decrease in net earnings
for January, as compared with the same
month of 1896, will be reported as amount
ing to $95,679.
YET WITHOUT A PASTOR
Trinity Presbyterian Churcb
Failed to Agree on
One.
The congregation of Trinity Presby
terian Church held an interesting meet
ing last night in the church edifice, corner
of Twenty-thini and Cftpp streets. Re
ports of the varioas officers showed the
affairs of the church to be in good condi
tion, $~>oo of the mortgage having been
paid off to the Hibernia Bunk since the
last report.
The election of officers was unanimous
in each case, Captain Johnson, William
Wallace and Dr. Stratton being re-elected
to succeed themselves as elders.
J. D. Jessup, John A. Weston, A. C.
Somers and Georce Brown were elected
trustees, Messrs. Somers and Brown being
re-elected.
William D. Beatty was elected deacon.
A unanimous vote of thanks were tendered
the old trustees.
On motion of Mr. Hulse it was unani
mously decided to appropriate |75 per
month for the support of a quartet choir.
The election of a pastor wa3 discussed,
with Rev. Edwin H. Jenks, associate
pastor of tho First Presbyterian Church,
in the chair a* moderator.
A. B. Cheeney introduced a resolution
allowing sick or inhrm members of the
congregation to Tote by proxy, and he
moved that upon the adoption of the reso
lution the matter of electing a pastor
should be postponed for two weeks, in
order to notify the sick and infirm of the
proxy resolution. „;*;-- v^w •
Mr. Cheeney's resolution was laid on
the table, and an extended discussion fol
lowed as to whether the election should
not be postponed. The subject was finally
disposed of by the adoption of Mr. Steph
ens' motion to adjourn sine die.
There are three ministers spoken of as
eligible to the pastorate: Rev. Mr.
Thompson of Tacoma, Rev. Mr. Easton of
Wnsbington, D. C, ana Rev. Mr. Larerty
of Los Angeles.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
NOTES OF THE THEATERS
" Aida " Repeats Its Success
at the California
Theater.
"Wild Oats" Pieases Alcazir Audi
ences—Some of Next Week's
Bills.
i
The success of "Aida" last week at the
Cali!ornia Theater evidently induced the
people who were present to oome again
and bring their friends, for a larear audi
ence than usual welcomed VerJi's Egyp
tian opera last night.
The principals seemed to be on their
mettle to surpass their work of last week,
and the result was some brilliant acting
and singing. Massart was especially good
in the role of Rhadaraes and Mme. Foedor
as Aida and Aloers as Amonastro did
some -pienclid work.
At the conclusion of the third act these
artists received a perfect oration, and
Mme. Foedor was loaded with flowers.
Mine. Fiemau repeated her former suc
cess as Aumoris, and the other important
soio characters were satisfactorily sus
tained by Athes and Javid. The choruses
were stronger than usual and several of
the finales wers very effectively sung.
To-morrow evening the French Grand
Opera Company will give the first pro
duction here of Ambrose Thomas' "Ham
let." It will be the occasion of the grand
testimonial benefit to be tendered the
barytone, Henri Aibers, who, by his ad
mirable lyric worn during the present
season, hsis wen the admiration of music
lover?. The cast will include besides
Alber?, who will sins the title role, Mme.
Marthe Benhet, Messrs. Athes, Deo,
Javid, Benatti, etc. At the matinee on
Saturday tne company will be heard in
"Carmen."
Olis Skinner's Henii-hl3toric and wholly
reminiscent melodrama, "A Soldier of
Fortune," will give place at the Baldwin
to-night to "Hamlet," in which he made
such a favorable impression last Saturday.
Men seldom make a marked success both
as actors and playwrights, and Skinner,
who is a gifted actor, will devote most ot
the rest of his engagement to interpreting
the works of Shakespeare, who was a bet
ter playwright than tie was an ac'or.
In a«ld:tion to •'Hnmlet" several other
Shakespearean plays will figure in the
Skinner season.
Mr. and Mrs. Russ Whytal have only a
few more days at the Columbia Theater
with their pretty war drama, "For Fair
Virginia."
On Monday Georgia Cayvan will open
her season with Robert Buchanan's pas
toral drama, 'Squire Kaie." This play
"fill be given during the rirst half of the
engagement, which is limited to two
weeks.
A large business is being done at the
Alcazar with "Wild Oats," whose hoary
headed jokes stem to have lost none of
their power to please in spite of their cen
tury of usefulness. The chief fun-maker
is Francis Powers, in the role of the stroll
ing player with a passion for sea
soning his conversation with quo
tations from the standard drama.
Mo«t of the other characters are
well sustained, though those members of
the troupe who daily with the bucolic
English dialect td'.u a fearful and wonder
ful jargon, which they must have evolved
from their inner consciousness.
"Wild Oats" is prettily staged and cos
tumed.
"The Stowaway" at Morosco's is at
tracting excellent houses, and as the cast
is exceptionally good no doubt it will con
tinue to do so. Miss Thompson, the new
soubrette, contrioutes more than her
snare to the fun of the play in the three
characters she takes— the newsboy. But
tons and the cabin-boy. Miss Atwood
plays the heroine very prettily, and two
of the burglars am intensely business
like over the safe-cracking and hold the
auJience in breathless suspense.
"Don Juan ad Lib" will only be played
for a few more days at the Tivoli. On
Monday Sir Julius Benedict's pretty
opera, "The Lily of Killarney," is to be
produced with a strong cast and a num
ber of new scenir effects.
Titania, the toe-dancer, who made her
San Francisco debut some months ago, is
one oi the chief features at the Orpheum
this week. Sevsrai new acts are promised
for next week.
Great interest is being manifested in the
charity performance to be given in aid of
the unemployed next Monday evening,
April 12, at the Standard Theater. On
this occasion there will be presented three
one-act plays: "The Violin-maker of
Cremona," "The Fair Encounter" and
"Off the Stage."
Tho IMvorre Record.
Suits lor divorce have been filed in the of
fice of the County Clerk as follows:
Etta Franks against Charles E. Franks, for
failure to provide.
Mary R. Hutchinson against Jamea K.
Hutehinion, for cruelty.
Fannie M. Bell against Edward A. BeJI, for
extreme cruelty.
Divorces have been granted in the Superior
Court as follows:
Lottie Bowen irom Howard Bowen, for will
ful neglect.
James G. Mae.'.onald from Maud A. Macdon
ald, ior desertion, with $25 a month alimony
for support of minor child.
Young M«u'« Improvement Fund.
Four young ladies from Chicago, the Smaller
quartet, and Miss Maul V. Caruthers, reader
and impersonator, make up the bmalley con
cert company which is to give a concert for
the benefit of the Young Men's Improvement
Fund ri the Association Auditorium. Mason
and EllU streets, next Monday evening
The. fac-slmile _ST& . yi&?-* ■»"* is on every wrapper
signature of W^s^^^Ssf .of CASTORIA. -
WILL PROSECUTE
ALL OFFENDERS
Definite Plan for the Pure
Food Campaign
Adopted.
The Board of Health Addresses
Manufacturers on the
Subject.
Employes Pointedly Warned to Have
Tbeir Uniforms R?ady by the
15 h Inst.
The Board of Health has finally decided
on a plan of action in dealing with
offenders against the pure-food laws that,
it is believed, will meet with the ap
proval of manufacturers and consumers
and result in largely improving Iho
quality of foods sold in this market.
A meeting of the board was held yester
day to bear the report of the committee
recently appointed to consider the evi
dence before the Health Department and
formulate a plan of action. Dr. Morse
read and moved the adoption of the fol
lowing report and resolution:
Your committee on the subject of foods and
food adulterations respectfully reports that it
has had lull conferences with the various
associations iv this State concerned in the
matter of pure food and iood adulterations.
All oi the evidence anil arguments adduced
at sueii conferences were '.alien down by a
stenographer and transcribed, and your com
mittee Ims given to the subject 'he careful and
thoughtnil attention whteti Its importance de
m.-iiiij-, mways bearing in ininu the para
mount importance ol the hea.th of the con
sumer of iood while not unmindful of the
inconvenience and pecuniary loss of dealers
in food products, some ot whom may be un
witting offenders against the pure-food law.
It must be borne in mind that while the
prosecution of those who violate this law nas
been undertaken by this bonrd its enforce
ment ib uoicharged as ft special duty upon any
person or board, and the other duties of
this board and the lime and money at its dis
posal r .j'i:rc that its main labois must be de
voted to those infringements of the law
w nil h affect the health and life ol the con
sumer rather than the honesty ot the dealers.
Your committee believes that whenever and
wherever any violation of the law is discov
ered by t he board it si.onld take action, giving
such notice in those infractions of the law
which do not injure the public health as
would seem just, especially where the
breach ot the law would be without guilty
knowledge or intent.
Your committee therefore recommends the
passage of the following resolutions, the tenor
oi wmch was adopted at the Joint meeting of
the representatives ot the Men-nan is' Associa
tion, Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion and the Board of Health of ban Fran
cisco:
J.'-'dvrd, That this board proceed firstly
against the dealers In mil adulterated articles
oi iood which may be injurious or deleterious
to human lt.e or health, and «econdly against
tiio dealers in such articles sa may De absolute
liniuuons of, or sold lor another article, and
tulrdly against all other offenders against the
pure-food law; provided, that where articles
of food are not harmful or deleterious to hu
man life or health, and the adulteration of
such article is of such a character, or under
such circumstance?, that it cannot be discov
ered with reasonable diligence and care, due
notice shall be given by the board by publica
t:on in the daily newspapers of this City,
giving the necessary lniurmation on the
subject.
it ffu decided to instruct the chemist
of the board to make a monthly report of
his investigations under the following or
der.-:
Said report shall not contain the name of
manufacturer or dealer ol such article as may
be tuuuil noi a violation of the so-called "pure
food law," but iv such cases only the name of
she article, and the fact that same is pure,
snail be stated.
All adulterated articles in said report shall
be published in the shape of a general letter
to manufacturers, dealers and others, and said
letter shall include the names of the manu
lacturer or dealer, or agent, the article and
the result of analysis.
The following circular letter to manu
facturers and dealers was ordered sent
out:
San Franc isco, April 7, 1897.
To Manufacture* and Dealer* in Food Prod-
MCtl : T:iis lioaid of Health intends to com
bine hs ifforis to prosecute acainst adulter
ated foods oi all kinds. Many of these affect
the health of our people, others the reputation
of and demand oi our products, thus injuring
many industries of the .State. The last Board
of Supervisors appropriated a sufficient sum
to establish a chemical laboratory ana to pro
vide for a chemiM and one assistant. The
analy&es obtainable through this laboratory
are thus neoesmxlly limited, hence the work
cannot progress as fast as desirable; but we
wish to notily you that while we are at present
investigating the subject of jellies, etc.,
as rapidly as possible we shall continue the
investigation ol all foods iv general use, in
cluding all suspected articles of food, drink
and drugs, and the sooner we have at onr dis
posal a more extensive force of chemists the
quicker will we be able to lollow up the work
along the entire line.
We would suggest to dealers and retailers
that whenever they may bo i doubt regard-
Ing the purity ol any ariicle of food they take
from the wholesaler or manufacturer a guar
anty as to such purity and an indemnity
agreement should ;ae nrtic-le be found adul
terated aud so pronounced by competent au
thorities.
We d«?si re to enforce the law with the least
inconvenience and loss to ail, but consumers
must be protected.
A number of communications from deal
ers whose goods were reported by the
chemist as adulterated, and from attor
neys representing other dealers who had
been arrested, were referred to the com
mittee on foods and adulterations.
Stringent rules for the icuidance of all
the employes of the Health Department
were adopted. It was ordered that all in
spectors tile daily a written report of their
doings during the day, and that this must
contain an entry of the whereabouts of
the employe at the beginning of each
hour of the day.
For some unexplained reason the chief
food inspector was instructed by the rules
to change the inspectors In the various
I stations "at least once a week.
The board brought up with a round turn
the employes of tho department who have
failed to secure uniforms, as ordered to,
in the following resolution that was
adopted:
Whkrkas, By a previous resolution of the
Board of Ucnuh, adopted at a regular meet
ing, ail inspectors and employes of the Health
Ijepartraent were directed by this board to pro
cure uniforms: and whereas, a nufficient time
has elapsed since the day of notification of said
employes of the Health Department to procure
the same; therefore, be it --• • .
Retolvrtl, That on and after the 15th day of
April, 1897, the positions of all employes and
inspectors who have failed to comply at the
expiration of the time mentioned with tho re
quirements of the said resolution be declared
Tficnnt without further notice on the part of
the Board of Health; and bo it
Jieeoh'td. That the chairman of the commit
tee on uniforms toe and is Hereby authorized
to carry out the provision* of this order. ;
An unsigned complaint against the Na
tional Fertilizing Company of South San
Francisco, whion was said to be in such a
condition as to be dangerous to the health
of that locality, was teferred to the coni
mitte* on uui-«nc<j.
Dr. John Tormey was appointed an «s
--cistant police surgeon for service at tue
Receiving Hospital at a salary of $75 per
month.
Y. M. I. COUNCIL.
Matter of I'mvulj.,,; Ferraasent lload
quartern Favorably Considered.
A convention of the Y. M. I. Conncils
of the Third I>istrict was beld in Mission
Opera Hall last night for the purpose of
discussing matters of importance to the
order. The councils represented were:
San Francisco No. 7, Ignation No. 36, Phil
Sheridan No. 72 and Borroniean No. 129.
H. C. Hall of Menlo Park presided and
H, £. Fazackerly performed the duties of
secretary.
The subject of providing a permanent
headquarters for the councils was dis
cussed at some length, and various plans
were presented which will be recommended
to the committees to be hereafter appointed
by the different councils.
There was also discussed the matter of
organizing a branch Catholic Truth Society
for the dissemination ol Catholic litera
ture, and the proposition was considered
favorably.
The musical and literary features of the
meeting were singine by the Borromean
Choral under tue direction of Professor
d'Arcy. recitations by Paul D. Hayne and
J. M. Toner, and remirks by visitors from
the different councils.
POLICE TRIBUNAL
Three Policemen Have to Walk the
Carpet
The Police Commissioners met last
night, ami three policemen were before
them on various charges.
Thomas L. Langford was charged with
visiting a saloon on Bush and Montgom
ery streets while on duty, and after hear
ing the evidence the charge was dismissed.
Nathaniel Gr»en and R. J. McGrayan
were charged with being in a restaurant
on Sixth street while on duty. The charge
against Green was dismissed and Mc-
Grayan was fined $10.
SOLDIERLY ATHLETICS.
The Post Field Day Held at
the Presidio Yes
terday.
Unique Events Which Attracted
Much Interest and At
tention.
Yesterday was the time for the post
poned field day at the Presidio, and before
quite a crowd of civilians and a full turn
out from the ranks a most interesting pro
gramme was carried out.
Particular interest was attached to the
event as it was the last before tha big "de
partmental" field day to be held April 18.
The distinctively military events excited
the greatest signs of appreciation. The
rescue race was one of these— where one
cavalryman rides toward his fallen com*
rade and bears nim away to safety. An
other was the tent pitching contest. Then
there were the dead- body rescue and the
drivers' contests for teams from the light
battery. In this three squares but a few
inches wider than the spread of the
wheels of the pieces were marked with a
stake at each corner, the squares being
fifty yards aor.rt and not in line, it was
the task of the drivers to drive through
them at full speed and without striking
the stakes.
It was not sufficient for the drivers to
go through in one direction, for after
going through a square oue way they had
to turn and go through it again from the
side. There were two drivers to each
team of four, but no men rode on tha
pieces.
The principal events were as follows:
120-yard hurdle— Devine, Company A. First
Inlantry, first; Curley, Troop X, Fourth Cav
alry, second; Harrison, Troop J, Fourth Cav
alry, third. Time, 31 2-5 seconds.
Throwing the l(i-pound hammer— \Von by
Rollins of Company 6, 132 feet 8 inches- Ser
geant Peterson, Light Battery F, Tnird Artil
lery, 118 feet 1 inch.
Rescue race, by teams from X and Btoi cav
alry. Troop H's team won in 38 1-5 seconds.
Vaulting nurcile contest, mounted bareback
over four hurdles three feet in height— Won by
Fernandez of Troop X, cavalry; Harrison of
Troop l second.
Obstacle race, over a five-foot board fence—
won by Sergeant Puckett.
Running hop-step-and-jurap— Won by Fer
nandez, Troop X, cavalry. 33 feet 5 1 ,' inches
Tent-pitching— Won by Troop X, cavalry in
3 minutes 59 3 5 second*.
Relay race— Won by Troop I. cavalry.
I r I *i? ye m ty ndi PS» 44 ° yards-Won by Corporal
Kelly, Troop K. cavalry, in 4 minutes and 8
second!
The committees on eames were:
Captain Alexander Rodgers, Fourth Cav
alry; Lieutenant Leon S. Roudiez, quarter
master of First Infantry; Lieutenant J D
Barrett. Third Artillery; Lieutenant Dennis'
h. Nolan, First Infantry. The field officers of
the day were: Dr. Edie, referee; Captain
trale, Lieutenants Satterlee and Detchmendv
inspectors: Lieutenants Keall. Croxton arid
Gardner, judges; Lieutenants Benson and
Campbell, timekeepers; Lieutenant Carson
starter; Lieutenant Hams. clerk of the course 1
*irstßergeantCoughlin, assistant clerk of the
course; Captain Marr, marshal; Lieutenant
Palmer, oflicial announcer.
AN ABANDONED BABE.
It Wa» L«ft on the Doorstep of a House
in the Mission.
A newly born baby boy was found early
yesterday morning on the doorstep of Mrs.
Hunters, a nurse, living at 3430 Sixteenth
street.
It was comfortably wrapped up in a
well-worn black pluah cape, but there was
nothing to give a clew to the identity of
its parents.
Mrs. Hunters Kept the baby till last
nicht, when she took it to the Southern
police station and from there it was taken
to the Receiving Hospital.
KEW TO-DAT
I If you want to save money in I
I clothing wait for the arrival of Mr. I
1 Benjamin Wood of the firm of S. 1
I N. WOOD & CO. (Columbian I
1 Woolen Mills). He is on his way 1
I here to inaugurate the greatest sale |
I of clothing ever held in San Fran- I
I cisco. Sale commences Monday I
B ■
B B
■ ■ ■
BSBBBBBBIIffIBSEaSH
THE VALLEY ROAD
AND CHINA BASIN
The Harbor Commissioners
Think the Lease Is
Forfeited.
The Attorneys of the Company
Take Issue With Such
a Decision.
They Contend That tha Acceptance
of Rent Has Made the Lease
Still Valid.
It has been decided by the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners that the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road Company has forfeited its lease to
China Basin.
The opinion was reached Tuesday after
noon at the regular meeting of the board,
when Attorney Tirey L. Ford handed in
his decision on the subject, he having
spent about three months in inyestigation.
Attorney Ford's opinion was based upon
the fact that he considered the execution
of a lease to the Mercantile Trust Com
pany of New York of the property owned
by the Valley Road Company as illegal.
It was believed and so stated by him that
the transfer of any interest acquired in
China Basin rendered void the transfer
from the State. Mr. Ford concludes as
follows :
The Board of State Harbor Commissioners
cannot bind the State except bo tar aa express
legislative authority is given them bo 10 do;
nor can they, either by acts of commission or
omisiion, waive any rights reserved by
statute in the absence of any statutory
provisions for such waiver. It folows,
therefore, that no action of the board
Is necessary In the premises go far as the
preservation of the rights of the State is con
cerned If at any time in the future the State
should desire to take possession of the leased
property prior to the termination of the lease
in quest. on, then, li objection were made
thereto by the lessee or by any one claiming
an interest therein, tno question would
properly arise.
The attorneys of the Valley Road Com
pany take decided issue on th* question
with Mr. Ford, and do not believe that
in any way has the company forfeited its
lease. Moreover, they hold that the regu
lar acceptance of rent by thn State would
make the lease stand valid now even if it
bad been forfeited.
The Harbor Commissioners are a little
shaky on the subject of rent, as may be
seen by an interview with Commissioner
Colnon last evening. He said:
"I asked Attorney Ford to see whether
the acceptance of the rent by the Harbor
Commissioners for the current year
would in any way affect the status of the
case and he is to loos the matter up and
report to us later. If they have no legal
rignt to China Basin there ijrno reason
why they should be paying rent for it."
FAILURE OP ROSENORANTZ.
Insolvency of a Ynunjj Attorney Sur
prise* His Many Creditors.
A somewhat sensational voluntary pe
tition in insolvency has been presented to
the Superior Court by I. Kosencrantz, a
young attorney and man-about-town. In
bis list of creditors, filed by i\ L. I»:nja
min, his attorney, Mr. Rosencrantz in
cludes a number of careful businessmen
and financier-! in California, with a few so
far away as New York and Massachusetts.
Mr. Rosencrantz fell heir to a consider
able fortune some years ago, and since
then he has been Lying in a manner com
mensurate with his dignity. The total of
his debts is $24,69150. Following is the
list of creditors :
C. Whyte. $5675 35: H. Rosenorantz, $6000;
B. Meyer, $3OOO: Pacific Bank, $2700; (ireene
baum i: Co., $1080; F. J. Berry, $1:160; Al
phonse Judio, $390; People's Home Savinsrs
Bank, $200; lUsernhnl Bros.. $70; B. Sftlles'tfc
Co., $90; Bernar<lini «fc Co., $107; Newman &
Lertnson, $134; S. Werthmtn, $700; J. Dolan,
$115; ImlUiiapolis Farniture Company , $60;
H, AUler. $50 55; Nathan, Dohrmann <fc Co.,
$33 80; Bancroft, Whitney <fc Co., $58; C. Kei
lu*, $53 25; D. P. Brißgs & Co., $85; C. S.
Hnrney, $S5; Italian-Swiss Agricultural Col
ony, $64 45; A. Abrahams, $50; New York Life
Insurance Company, -$50; Brown & Powers,
$95 30; 11. S. Crocker & Co., $70; Lawyers' Co
operative Publishing Company, $237; llynn
ASheehan, $55; Sherman, Clay & Co.. $16;
Schussler Bros., $69 80; Eastoh, Eldridge &
Co, $15; L. Jacobi, $315; Pacific Telephone
Company, $18; J. C. (..image. $350.
The only tangible property that Mr.
Rosencrantz confesses to be in his posses
sion consists of land in Akron, Colo., val
ued at $350, and household furniture at
2413 Washinston street, this City, worth
$500, together with clothing, appraised at
$50. lie also holds notes for various sums,
which are marked "value unknown" in
his sworn statement. The li»t of notes is
as follows: John P. Hal). $750; A. E. C.
Br 1 and, $240; L.Bradley, $150; J. M. Fish,
$50; F Walters. $200; O. \V. Bocker, $40;
H. C. Ormont, $15; F. S. Miller, $30; Gus
tave Pnlschen, $600; check of W. Williams,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
$65. This makes a total of $1390 lor tbe
••face value."
Tbe failure of Mr. Rosencrantz will come
as a surprise to the great number of peo
pie who have trusted him. It waa gener
ally consid red that be was solvent and
his financial standing for many years has
been marked Al in the commercial agen
cies. _
The latest compilation of wheat crop
estimates makes the world's product last
year 70.000 bushels less than in 1895, and
167,000,00u bushels less than two years ago,
when me greatest crop on record was pro
diiced.
i MAN! MAN!
j .-
Just one word with you in a very
serious way. Are you going to
pait until you have not one speck
of vitality left before you get those
pains in the loins and the head
stopped ? Come, now, be honest
to yourself. You have got to face
a condition and, besides those
shaking hands and that sense of
gloom and a weak and failing
memory, you must see that those
awful drains and losses are stopped
at once. You can be cured now;
( but who will say that you can be
six months to come ? No one can.
say so. Why,
MAN! MAN!
How much longer will you dream?.
'Awake and go or send to the ad-
idress given here and ask to be told
iall about "Hudyan." Not one
moment should you lose. Get the
free circulars and testimonials this
; day. No cost to you, and you get
if ree advice, too, if you want it.
And, better than all, you can be
[cured in less than no time. Losses
stopped in less than no time. Come ,
the "sensible act" for once, and
you will find that you are yet a
MAN!_MAN!
All cases of primary, secondary
or tertiary blood diseases are un-
failingly cured by the wondrous
"30-Day Blood Cure." No fear
of failure. No ; none.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STOCKTON.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION
WITHOUT LIMIT OK RESERVE,
OF BLOCKS 33 AND 46 OF THE
Valley : . Railroad Terminal Tract.
. II THE CIT! OF STOCKTON,
Saturday Evening, April 10, 1897,
\ AT 7 P. M.,
By order of the heirs of Captain C. If, WEBER,
tbe rounder ox Stockton.
LOTS 25x100 ASD 25x150 FEET.
Ten minutes' walk from the business center and
close to th» water front, tbe mills and factories.
Terms— s2o cash and 95 ppr month. Intereit,
7 per cent on deferred payments.
Take a trip to Stockton and see for ronrielf the
chances there are to make money by "investing la
Keal Estate In this thriving City.
Traveling expenses of purchasers remitted.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
it . , ' ,
. G. H. UaiBSEN & CO.,
Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery Street, San Francisco,
Or 1 18 East Main Street. Stockton.
"THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
cJ It Publishes the Cream of the
3 . News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES. >
©< IT IS THE BEST~WEEKLY
o( h > PAPER ON THE "
) PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best \ Mining /
2 Telegraphic V/ / News That
c* Service on /\ | s Accurate
eh The Coast / \& up to date
<=>( ■ Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
cJ it Dry or Uninteresting!
°S Thoughtful. Truth. Of
1 Thoughtful. v Truth. /
,°S I II f
i c) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
j W L THE TIME. |
3 IT ADVOCATES "" SENT BY I
■ ) HOME / MAIL; $1.50
°S INDUSTRIES A YEAR. /
p{ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLTEMPTED SORE,
BUT FELL NOT
Big Feed on the Boulevard,
to Which the Workers
Were Denied.
It Was Spread Out Before Them,
but Under Orders Tfcey
Relused to Eat.
Many Had Neglected to Brin? Lunches
Under Promise of the Barb cue.
Others Shared With These.
There wi< to have been a great feed for
the workmen on Balboa boulevard yester
day at noon, but it was "called off."
There bad been a good deal said about the
barbecue one way or another during the
pas: few days, and among the men great
expectations had been raised. The effect
upon the comniitiee whoi>« unpleasant
t ..siness it is to secure sublet iptions wav,
however, quite different. 1 bey report
ihat merchants and moneyed men seemed
10 gather the impression that the affair
was a b g advertising a.heme for Earnest
I>oelter, proprie or of the Trocadero road
house, by whom it was provided an«i in
iront of whose premises the big roast was
fret up. The m«mbi>ri of the committee
found, they say, that the picnic air which
the barbecue gave to the boulevard enter
prise very materially lowereJ the temper
ature of pub.ic interest in it aud the un
employed.
Accorduiely a telephone messace was
sent to Doelter ye«ierday. but it did not
reach him. He had completed all ar
rangements Tuesday evening. A big
trench was dug n»ar the s de of th° road
where it leads off :o ihe Trocadero and
the roadhouse, whicii latter, trowever, is
half h tulle awuy. '* i) ree or four lengths
ot iron rails were thrown across the
trench and on these ihe quaitered buj
iock was placed and a big fir*" ouiit under
it. The tire ourned night, beine per
sonally attended by Doelterand hiß assist
ants. Not until nearly noon was the tire
withdrawn. .Bread and potatoes and
hard-boiled e^t:s were provided iv ampie
sufficiency, 'i hen came a telephone mes
sage to the nftice of Superintendent Eiman
from member* of the committee in the
City telling him to stop tlie barbecue —
that the movement fur the relief of the
uni-mployed rou«t not iend itself to ad
vertising the Trocadero roadhouse.
The only wav to stop it was to abso
lutely !orb d any mun From partaking of
the feast upon pain of being discharged
and having hin work-ticket taken from j
him.
On ibis rather distressing mission rode
Superintendent Eagan all down th- line.
At each -qu.ul lie stopped and explained
the reason — that it threatened to interfere '
with the raising or money to continue the J
work. Besides, it as explained, the men
at the further end of the line, two miles
away, could hardiy get to the least and
back a tram during the lunch half hour.
This explanation was received in good part
by nearly all, although many, depending
upon the feast, had come unprovided with
anything to eat.
At the western end of the road, where
the savory meat rested over the lire, fill
ing the air with its appetizing aroma, the
order was anything but welcome. How
ever it was generally acquiesced in, de
spite*the-fact, mat two or three oratop
were developed who complained loudly
against- the deprivation. The situation
was made more acute by the presence »f
Leffinjjwell's army of unemployed from
the Howard-street barracks. They hid
marched all the way out to the place an
fool, carrying a big banner in their lead
bearing tne legend: "We are not on me
boulevard, but we are going to the botile
vard."
They were stretched alona the fence in
the shade for a quarter oi a mile, the tan
ner lying at rest against a tree, the sen
quiet, very weary and patient.
Doelter, after his night's vigil over the
fire and the completion of his amnge
ments, even to providing wagons by
■which he offered to haul portions #f the
fenst to different parts of the work, was
deeply chagrined at the order stopping it
all. However, he made no protest against
it, but a«>«e:tea that he had no designs in
the matter except to give tiM men & good
hot dinner. They were hardly of the
ciass tuat frequented his place, md tie
could not expect to make profit oit of it.
However, he made the be«t of th« situa
tion, the word wa- given, and tie "un
employed,'' properly so called, we<! mar
shaled before he redolent roast aid pro-
Tided with each an ami'-e quota.
At this juncture the murmurinf among
the workmen on the dump a few feet
away grew louder, and one, seeiEg Super
intendent Ea^'iin drive up, raisec his tiat,
crying: "If you fellows are ai:aid lam
not. lam going to snow my iidepend
ence. I am go:ne to eat. Eagtn, come
and take much with me."
He went straight into the chained cir
cie, in the center of which stood Doelter,
coat off and sleeve* rolled up hard at
•work, ana in a few minutaa renirne<i with
a heaped plate into the doiefd circle of
his feliow-workers to add to their tempta
tion. Only one or two followd his ex
ample, however, the others stoically re
fusing to fall. Those who ate «f the for
bidden bulloc* were, so nnlke Adam,
banished and forbidden the rare privilege
of toil, and went their way in idleness.
In the fear that there woid he a gen
eral revolt against the order Car. :ain Dil
lon, with Sergeant Camnbell fiid a
of sx men, arrived at the flcfne about
noon, 'i here was no trouble.Oowever, and
when the half hour was up dl hands toot
up their shovel? and wbedbarroxvs and
went to worK cheerfully enolgb. It is not
likely that any went entire!? without lood,
a.* those who had Junches however
shared them with those wto had none.
The 200 unemployed, tiough they re
turned to toe charge a/am and again,
were unable to devour ill that had been
provided, and a large portion of it was
carted away. As ii <li~n|peared the regi
ment ot the unemployed took up its |
banner and in a strapgliig line began its ;
Jong march back to tewn. The work on
the boulevard is goug forward rapidly
and systematically, biii the funds neces
sary or keeping it aoine to a finish and
providing the hundreds of applicants who
have as ye: applied in vain for a chance to
earn a few dollars is tot keeping pace with
the demand. The p»"r report of the col-,
lector for yesterday Aas as follows:
K. & H. Heller ./. $50 00
Great American Tea In port Ing Co 1:5 00
C. J. HeiKiry, Sou <fc Cu.... 10 00
O. M. Jusdiyn viO 00
A. Ronenthal. 1000
Bcotch Irish Society.'. 100 00
Total to date , $18,876 70
As there are aboui 700 men on the
work it will be seen that the collections do
not keep pace with the expenditures.
There is a great dealof destitution In the
City, the details of which are sickening to
those who hear th«m hourly related at
the headquarters «n LeidesdorS street.
The apeal nniiit be Answered.
A Fa/ai Fall. ":" • ..
Michael O'Connor/ell Into the hold of the
steamship Newport yesterday morning, and
received injuries fi?m whicn he died". He was
engaged in painiirg the hull, and while com
ing down a ludder*l;pj>ed and fell to the bot
tom. The decease! wax a native of Ireland,
67 years old and V shoemaker by occupation.
He iivod .in Virginia avenue, between Twen
ty-ninth and Tlirtielh street.-, and leaves a
widow. r ■' / ; . ■ .
- — „ • — •> — • —
*»VAXf» male on furniture and pianos, with
r without 7 enro/al. J. Kooiian, 1017-1023 .Mission.
i 1
The " Unemployed " Greatly Enjoyed the Barbecue at the Trocadero Yesterday, but the Men Working on the Boulevard
Were Disappointed. One of the Number Broke Through the Restraint Piaced Upon Them and Sold His Privi
lege to Labor for the Sake of a Mess of the Forbidden Bulock.
MIDWAY PLAISANCE
MUST MOVE ON
Edward Homan Compelled
to Vacate the Prem
ises.
John W. Mackay Owns the |
Property, and He Is
Imp acab!e.
j Jack Hallinas N,w at Rest, EsUb- j
lisbed This R sort as the
Cremorne Theater.
The tawdry place of entertainment now '
known as the Midway P.aisance, formerly
called the Cremorne Theater, is to be j
closed. That matter was settled by the
verdict of a jury in Judge Hunt's court
yesterday, when there was reudered a
verdict in Javor of John W. Mackay, the I
The Condemned Midway Plaisance, Market Street.
great mining and telegraphic magnate,
against Ed war I Homan, lmnressuno of
talent In questionable plays and doubtful
leg opera.
The judgment of the court is for $300
rent and possession of the premises at 771
Market Mreet within three day*.
The late Jack Hallinan was the
originator of the Creraorne Theater, and
it was to rum that Mackay rented the
place, probably more as a mailer of
friendship than as a business proposition.
Hallinan was a journeyman Dlncksmith
on ihe Comsturk od« in the early '70s.
and, having an aptitude for boxing*, soon
developed into a pr'z--tighter.
From prizf-fixhting io politics was an
easy transition in tnose eariy days, ac
cording to gossip current in Virginia City
at that time, ami something tact H«l
--linan did in some local contest aroused
Mackny's wrath. It was said that in con
sequence of thai fit of anger the multi
millionaire conceived the idea of bringing
to theConi«tcck a boxer who could defeat
Hallinan in the rinc and thus punish him
for his temerity in opposing tlie political
friends of the big bonanza manipulators.
Soon afterward Billy .Lynn of Eureka
made his appearance, and a contest was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
speedily agreed on for a big purse and nil
the ga;e receipts, lor it was "make or
break" with the fijrhters in those times.
On tne night of the tight enthusiasm
knew no bound*. It wasevidom from the
start that the mm were very evenly
matched, though Lynn seemed to sur
pass Hallinan in legerdemain. What
Hallinan lacked in dexterity he mane up
in surpassing pluck, however, and this
won him the i.vise. and much more, as
the outcome will show.
After the mill had been in progress a
great many rounds Lynn began to show
over-con tidence, and danced about the
ring in fantastic fashion, making grim
aces and "showine off" nil cleverness by
"chopping" his adversary about when
ever he felt like it.
The old London prize ring rules were in
vogue, and Jack was snowing signs of dis
tress from the blows thai had been so gen
erously bestowed by Lynn. Everybody
thought his defeat was inevitable, but
there was some steam left In the Comstock
boy and he waited for his chance. He
took his punishment with the stolidity of
a wooden Indian, and finally, when Billy
in contemptuous guise threw out his face
as a targe:, Juck shot out his rigut and
reached Lynn's chin.
It proved to be the proper "point" and
was as effective a<< tue blow over the heart
which General Fizs;mmons reCwntly de
livered with hid compliments to Colonel
Gorbett
Lynns' backers were unable to lesusci
tate the "champion from the Base Range"
and Hallinan was the hero of the hour.
He captured the respect of all by his dis
play of true grit and John Mackay, being
of a generous niture, not oniv forgave h:s
erstwhile enemy but bestowed on mm his
respect and his friendship. A man who
could face fate when the chances seemed
I to be so tremendously against him would
do to trust. From that day Jack Halli
nan n«ver lacked tor financial backing,
and be it said to his credit he proved
worthy of the confidence of thot>e who
trusted him in business matters.
Hallinan bad a bie iaro Kfnie in Vir
ginia City, in partnership with the late
Jonn P. tiwecney, with n cock-fi;:hling
addendum. After the boom ha; passed
Hallinan removed to San Francisco and
engaged in the only kind ot biuiness ihat
he was able to successfully manage
Maek'ty, of course, never approved the
u^s to which his Market-Street property
was p.it, but interposed no veto until the
business passed into the hands ot others.
Mr.-. Hallinan, widow of ihe original
owner, appeared In court yesterday with
a claim to nn interest in the Midway <-n
urpri.se, aliening that sat had paid $450 to
Homan for her share, tinee the commence
merit of the litigation, but it was decided
tuut she was too late, and that she had no
lejral basis for her contention; that she
ought to have been made a party defend
ant; that she knew there was trouble
about tlie rent, and that it was her duty to
make liiquirit-s for her own self- protection.
The Sheriff will be asked to dispossess
Homan as soon as that process can be
legally accomplished.
THE SESSION OF
THE WORKMEN
Appointment of Several of
the Important Com
mittees.
Some Interesting Items of
Business Disposed
Of.
William H. Jor^n's Talk on Cub)
at the Evening Ses
sicn.
The second day's session of the Grand
Lodge of the Ancfent Oraer ot United
Workmen was well attended yesterday
and much legislative work was done by
the committees appointed lor that pur
pose.
The following committees were ap
pointed at the opening of the morning's
session :
Good of the order— William H. Jordan. P. S.
M. W. ; K. F. Joy, J. M. Graves, J. H. Block, F.
I Farley.
Resolutions— A. R. Orr, C. H. KellogK, J. M.
Collins. '
Special I— James Booth, P. G. M. W. ; George
D. Klack, T. H. McDonald.
Special 2— J. A. Love Joy, I. Horton, W. 11.
Savage.
Special 3— T. 11. Merry, aB. Burkham, J. G.
Underwood.
A recommendation was made that the
necessary expenses incurred by deputies
in visiting lodges be paid by the Grand
Lodge when an item zed claim (or the
Mine shall be made. Trie charter for new
lodges has been reduce. i from $20 to $5.
Lodges meeting semi-monthly may call
special meetings, admit candidates and
confer degree*.
All of the dispensations granted by the
grand master workman during the past
year were confirmed.
The value of tb«s press and of the official
ortran was emt hatically enunciated, It
was recommended that the memorial day
of the order be regularly observed.
Twenty-six new loupes were reported.
i It was decided to continue the v eof
an official organ for the order, but the
name 01 the journal was omitted.
The amount of $15,000 was appropriated
for extension work, unit also tne per
capita tax was fixed at $2 50 par year, to
De paid quarterly. The grand medical
examiner's fee was reduced from 50 cents
to '25.
The question of holding: biennial ses
sions failed to pasi, it not getting the
requisite :wo-thirds vote necessary to
amend the constitution.
It was a rare tr^at that was afforded the
membert of the Grand Lodge ami V!»iting
Workmen at D'nai B'rith Hall last nigni,
who gathered to listen to the tenure on
"Cuba and the War" by Past Supreme
Matter William H. Jordan. The enter
tainment was under the auspices of the
Past Masters' Association and was at
tended by an audience that filled t tie hall.
Past Suprpme Ma»ter Jordan's lecture
wa« aividnl into three pans, the first and
last being illustrated with striking stere
opticon views. He first spoke of the past
history of Cuba and of its many places of
interest and note, from the tanning of Co
lumbus to the execution of t a-. tain Frye
or the American steamer Virgmius and
his gallant crew.
Then he be::an an eloquent recital of
the present struggle, and said he wished
to a>-k the American people two questions.
One w;is: 'Shall the Government 01 Spain
be permitted in the faco of existing tr.-atv
•tipuiations t- arrest and condemn Ameri
can citizens without trial — to imprison
and murder American citizen*?" H«
stated that this was continually done and
ouebt to bt stopped at whatever cos', so
that American ciizens might be confident
o'. protection and respect in whatever part
of the world th^y mipht chance to be.
His second question wus, ''Shall the
island of Cuba, shali the Cuban patriots
be permitted now to set up housekeeping
for themselves and so govern themselves
ndependently of the Government of
ipnin?"
Hp declared that the insnreents had
ample cause to rebel against the rule of
Spain. While nominally the Cubans had
a voice in framing their laws and tiling
their taxes, they were, by the cunning
manipulation of the voting franchise oy
ihet-piniso ollicials on the island, in re
ality deprived of their rightt.
He quoted figures to show how by means
ol import ana export dntie* Spain drained
annually from Cuba between $20,000,000
and $22,000,000. Tne taxes of the bland
were irom $26 000,000 to $30,00-3,000, and
most of this, he declared, went to repair
the lost fortunes of profligate sons of Span
ish noblemen, who were appointed to lu
crative Government positions in Cuba.
This tax, he pointed out, was raised to
maintain a government for 1,631.000 peo
ple, while in the United States, with its
population of 70,000,000, the total tax per
annum was in ( he neighborhood of $77,
--000,000. He further contrasted conditions
in this country and oppressed Cuba by
ca'ling attention to the fact that the tax
per capita in the United States was only
$1 23, while in Cuba it was $23 40. No peo
ple on the fee* of the earth, he said, bad
to pay the tax Imposed on the people of
Cuba.
Left Alt to Mil Children.
The will of Joseph Coblentz, who died in
this City on April 3, was to-day filed for pro
bate by Isidore W. Levy and Felix CoDlentz,
executors The instrument leaves all the
property of the deceased to his four surviving
•chUcren, Hattie, Pauline, Sylvia and Isauc
Coblentz. thare and share alike.
NEW TO-DAY
FOR $12.50
I=\ ; WE MAKE
J|L TO ORDER
/ / 1 Ivi \ u^ s at are easily worth
111 P 1 \ double the money.
IJI I \fer \ s' s not advertising talk
/<l £2 f W J merely — we can prove it. We
1 // l—m L fJf / . do tailoring on a wholesale
I// / y Ivi / plan; buy our cloth direct
// I Hy plan ; uv our cloth direct
LJ i V rom the mills an make it to
\uy our measure here in our own
i\ \^ I f establishment.
11' I I For $i 2- 50 you take your
\\ nil pick of the richest Spring
\\ /[ I styles of cloths in an endless
IV 1 1 J! assortment— fine Cassimeres,
I 111 Cheviots, Tweeds, Serges,
& /I I Worsteds, Havana and Olive
\ i j\ If Browns, Slates, Overplaids,
\ I / 1 J Small Checks, Crashes, etc,
&f VJI <> in latest fast colors.
C** o*'0 *' We guarantee every suit to
be pure. wool and keep it in
repair one year free of charge.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
341 I CORNER
MARKET STREET. | POWELL & EDDY STS.
ALAMEDA MOLE
TO BE FILLED IN
A Big Improvement Pro
jected by ths Railroad
Company.
President Huntington Will In
spect the Work When It
Is Begun.
One Mi © and a Quarter of Trestle
to Bs Entire;? Dono Away
With Shortly.
Sinca Collis P. Huntington, the euiflinjt
spirit of the great Soutiiorn Pacific Com
pany, reacned this coast on liis recent
trip there has been a hurrying up of im
portant improvements on tue corpora
tion's lines, and several big enterprises
have been projected.
One of the heaviest of the-e will be
begun within a few day* on the Oakland
and Alameda narrow-gauge mole, on
which many thousands of dollars will be
spent. The plan is to make a solid stone
and earth roadbed f oru the present shore
line to where the deep-water mark has
been established by a breakwater.
The materials pumped out of Oakland
Greek when that watercourse was recently
dredged filled in a portion of the marsii
beneath the tre-uLe that has dono s-ervice
for so many year?, and this debris will
form the foundation for the substantial
roadbed that has lone been contemplated
and which will soon be a reality.
The company experimented with filling
in under a trestle and putting the ra-.la on
a solid bed witli the short trestle between
Pacific-street and Second-avvnue stations
on the AlameUa line, and the result was
very satisfactory, the piles holding she
rock and earth remarkably well and soon
cementing into a solid mass that has de
fied the waters of tue bay ever since.
For some lime pust a big Rang of men
has been at work at Campbells station,
just beyond San Jose, where '.be company
uas an immense pravel pit, preparing to
take out v large quantity of material, and
at the same time engineers have been
looking over the ground to be tilled and
ballasted, with a view io ascertaining the
exact amount of rock that will be needed.
Superintendent Frasier 01 the division
to which the mote and its trucks belong
went over tbe ground a few days ago with
a party of railroad engineers, and Mr.
Huntington is expected to look into the
matter personally when the work begin?.
The mik- and a quurter of trestles that
is to be filled in will require many thou
sands ot tons of rock to brine the road bed
up to the desired level and two trainn will
be kept constantly at work conveying rock
until the job ib complete.
One of tne most potent reasons that in
duced t lie company to 'Jo away with the
trestle was ihe impossibility of muking the
piles stay in any desired position. The
: sand into which they are driven ia of such
j a character that they are constantly sink
{ ing and causing the track to sai; in spots
I in a manner that renders travel uncom
j fortabia if not dangerous. Tlioussnds of
; dollars have been spent in keeping tbe
! track level.
The reason the company does not fill
further out than the distance mentioned
is that the Government claims jurisdic
tion and no clash lsdesirea by ttie railroad
people.
W. C. T. I. Board Meeting.
The executive board of the Womnn's Chris
tian Temperance Union held an al -day session
yesterday. It was decided to go bacic to the
old-fashioned pledges. A nuiidred thousand
of them are to be issued, and it is hoDcd the
clergymen oi the City will lend their hearty
co-operation.
Tne State convention -will be held in Modesto
the first week in September. A motion was
passed to call the attention of the Board ot
Health to the adulterated state of the liquor
sold here. The different committees to be in
charge ol the entertainment for the annual
scnool of methods were elected. Mrs. E. G.
Green resigned as superintendent 01 mothers'
work and Mrs. Jameson was appointed la her
■tesd.
A French Canadian couple, now livinc
in St. Paul, recently celebrated the
eightieth anniversiry of their marriage.
The husband is 107 years of age, anU his
wife is 101.
irarw" t?-dat:
Can be made comfortable by petting our
little cream, wrapper style undershirts,
heavy fleeced, sizes 1 to 6, at 10 cents.
1200
LITTLE GIRLS
Or boys, 2 to 10 years, can buy each a pair
of heavy blaclc ribbed seam Jess hose or
gray hose for 7 cents a pair. No such val-
ues in town at Jess than 15 cents.
1200
BIG BOYS
Or small-sized men can buy each a good,
sirone. full cnt Cassiniere Suit, dark col-
or:- and L'omi style, for the low price of
$3 50; you'll pay $7.50 at many places and
get nothing better. Also Iron Glads and
other makes.
1200
LADIES
Can buy the very best quality of 50 or 75
cent Jersey ribbed long-sleeved under-
wear, vests or pant», nicely made, mostly
winter weight,' fleece line.i or plain,
At 25 Cents.
Greatest bargain of the ace, «old for bal-
ance of this week only, to make room for
goods to arrive.
1200
MEN
Can buy each a fine re-enforced, strongly
made white shirt, from the best make
on the continent, sizes 15 to 17 V5, at'2G
cents each.
;1200
! aaVV
FAMILIES
; Can be made happy, comfortable and pros-
I perous by starting in right, on a cash'
| basis, and" buying goods at a strictly cash
house at the right price. Remember, ths
great store
FOR THE PEOPLE
I Is open for business from 7 A. M. to 5:45
P. M. daily, except Sundays and Holidays.
SMITHS' CASH
% MI !"* STORE.
m 7B 25-27 MARKET STREET,
NEAR THE FERRY.
C 1
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TDESDAT APKIT. 13. 1897.
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Opposite .Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Probate Sale ' Howard Street Improve.!
♦*»• Property.
RE. line (Xos. 831, 883) Howard, 355 feet SW.
from honrth — Improvements. fro residences of
< rooms, bath and basement; mil rents 75- How-
ard at. In basa't rock- si Id to close an estate; Urge
j I"!. 45x85 feet: sold subject to confirmation of tin.
! peiior Court. L. A.
Khbli Str»#t Improved Property.
S. line (N<H 1617 and 1619) Bush st., 220 fs«t
W. of i-r»iiicliii — Boab-sti front; 'J houses of 6
I room*, bath and basement: rear frotuin* Fern
ay.*. : 2 co. lanes, 3 and 4 rooms; fu 1 rent S7O -
-tleary and ,--vi *r cables: large lot, 32:6x1^0 f#eu '
througii to Fern aye.
Presidio Height*.
SW. corner Sacramento and Walnnt st.i,— Bay. 1
win. low imlldiug, comprising. 2 Krnii' h fl H [* of 7 .
and '.1 loitus; at- re and 4 rooms: full r<rnls $60;
cement walk and bituminous pHveraent on Sacra-
nifu.os 1 ., bacraoiento-m, cabl?.
Residence Near Market Street. i-jv.-;
S. line (No 438) of ltidley or 13th st., 80 feet
F. of Guerrero— ltouss 6 rooms and bath; near '
Castro and Valencia st. cable; lot. 25x100 feeu i
Twenty- Fourth-St. Improved Property. '
North line (So*. 3174 and 3176) of Twenty '
, fourth St.. 9"J:t» feet east of Howard -Improve- '
| mrm*. two '•a>-ui[ii!o\vi' l residences of 7 rooms
i and hath e-ch; full renis $.6: large lot, 35:6x^5
feet.
FolBom-Street Baninrim t,ot.
Sontlieas: line or Folsom St., 125 feet southwest '
| Of 9th— J.,ol in flae business iOcatlo ; win proper
I Improvements would pay well; electric and c*4tt<*
cars; street in baaait rock: lot 25x95 feeu
Aahbury Height* Kesidonce Lot*.
. Northeast corner of A.t^bury or Park Lane and
I 18th or Minerva sts. — : hreeeleg«Dt resi-ience lots: |
mar and iulautl view: all ready to build upon; .:
bcuuiiiul location for a home: sewer on 18ih aU; ■
B. F. and S. M. electric road: corner lot 25x95: in- •
side lots 'J5x95 and 25x100 feeu
V»n Ness Avenue Kesldence T^ot.
West line of Van Ness aye.. 37:6 feet north of • '
Franciscost.— street biiumlnlzed:sidewallc curbed;
street sewered and aide sewered; tine view; an i
elegant lot; must besoitt: lot 2fixl2S it- t. .••■■;.;
■ ■■ - " -. ■ '• :
Bernal Height* Homn firiWl
Ten residence lot-, frontlnc Powhaltan aye. .
Banks, Butler or Folsom stt. — Pleasant location: .
must, be so <!; electric line to be on Cortlana aye.; '
near Mi-.sion, Valencia and Han Jtsrnno cars; iota ■
25x;0feeu
Bennington-Street Home. .-:/
Vest line (No. ".6) of Bennington st., north of
Cortland are. — Improvements, cottage of 3 rooms;
electric road to be on Corn ana aye.; street sewered
and graded; lot 25x124 feet. (,•?? : ,; .■. :;..•. :. . .-. .'
JEASTON. ELi)K(I>GE * CO.,
Office Salesroom, 638 Market opposite Palace
Ho.
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
IS A yuWKKVVL APHIIODIMAC AND
J. specific tonic for iho sexual and urinary organs
| Of tot sexes, and h great remedy for diseases .if
i the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative .
i Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merita;
do long-winded testimonials ueco-sary. .' . - >
iNAi-JLii. Al.j!S>,Jc.liKUNis; Agent* ,
333 Market St.. b. *•.— (Send lor Circular) .
EEPs&gf WILCOX COMPOUND
gjjg The only reliable female recnlntor
IS3I Never Kail*. Soldbydruggrist^. 152.00
Mg& S«nrl Ac.. Mr Woman's bafrjrnartt.
1 j fir W2LGOZ UZSIOIL CO. 228 S. Bth Bt, ?»ii»,?a,
56
THURSDAY APRIL 8, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIUUfc,
Editor end Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .J0. 15
Daily «nd Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
WXSKLY Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
fr an Fraucinco, California.
Telephone Btaln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Malß-1874.
BRANCH OFFICES:
■ 627 Montgomery s reet, corner Clay; open until
0:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-W. corner Sixteenth aud Mission street*, open
ed til 9 o'clock.
i.618 Mission street, open ontfl 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1805 Polk street; open until 9-.30 o'clock.
KW. corner Tweuty-second and Kentucky
•treats; open till 8 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
9-8 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 »nd 32, 34 Park Row. Sew Tone City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The only harmonious concert on the
Cretan question is that ot public opinion.
It is an off year in nearly every city
election this time, but in Chicago it was
a way off.
Yon can stop the Democratic crow over
the result in Chicago by calling atten
tion to St. Louis.
Senator Chandler seems to be a New
England man with Kansas ideas and that
makes him picturesque.
Tte European concert would be better
if the Russian bear would dance to the
tune it plays; but he won't.
If the Cuban debates in the Senate be
come much hotter the war may be fought
out there instead of in the island.
Carter Harrison says cold and silver
men voted for him, and perhaps a good
many fellows voted for him because of his
gold and pilver.
Benator Morgan's proposal to send a
warship instead of a Commissioner to
Cuba is decidedly undiplomatic There is
too much virtue in it.
The Republican leaders of Chicago,
having split the party In that city by
their wrangling, deserve the licking they
received, and will behave better next
time.
The story that Gladstone has learned to
riae the bicycle has been denied, but the
denial comes on no better authority than
the original lale. Mr. G.aJstone owes it
to the world to rise and explain.
The Republican National platform for
wliich the people voted declares "the
country demanas a right settlement of
the tariff question, and then it wants
rest." The .Senate should take notice and
act accordingly.
The statement of Evangelist Moody in
Chicago that "Christ did not tell his con
gregations the j would be saved in return
for building line churches or endowing
colleges" must have been intended as a
hint for Rockefeller.
The successes of the Democrats in the
Eastern city elections will have the good
effect of putting Repnblicans on guard
apainst dissensions in the party and there
lore will help to asßure Republican victo
ries in the Congressional elections next
year.
The president of a whist clnb in Boston
Bays piaying for prizes at whist is not
gambling any more than is struggling for
prizes at college. In each case he says
the prize is an incentive to higher culture
and that, of course, is always permitted
in Boston.
As Bailey of Texas objects to wearing a
dre.~s suit it is evident he concerns himself
with small things and magnihes molehills
into mountains. Such a man is sure to be
cranky about unessential details in large
matters, and the Democrats in Congress
bad better begin to hunt for a new leader.
Interior papers which complain that the
Ban Francisco Carnival gives them no ad
vertising should remember how much
tpace San Francisco papers give to the
fairs, fetes and festivals of interior towns
without advertising. Reciprocity is a
good thing to practice when it helps every
body.
King George's relations among the
crowned heads of Europe are not half as
useful to him as his relations with the
liberal sentiment of the world. Public
opinion is doing more to sustain him than
either queen or kaiser, and if he wins he
will owe it to sympathy openly expressed
by the people and not to the secret in
trigues of princes.
One set of Democrats declare the Ding
ley tariff will not yield a revenue equal to
the needs of the Government, while an
other set asserts it will create a surplus
and overbarden the people with taxation.
The average Democratic editor seems to
belong by turns to each of these sets and
not infrequently makes both assertions in
consecutive sentences.
Greater New York is so proud of itself
that it wishes to be transformed into a
State, and a movement has been started
to that end, but it will not go far before it
is headed off. If we make New York a
State with a right to elect two Senators
Chicago will demand the same proud po
eUion and the Senate would soon be over
crowded with Aldermen.
The tariff which is to give work to wage
earners and a revenge to the Government
is denounced in large general terms by
the free- trade press, but it will be noticed
that the denouncers are careful not to
• peclfy the particular features to which
they object. Each schedule assures pro
tection to some industry, nnd the free
traders cannot pick; out the particular one
which they wish to destroy.
The Examiner says of the Dingley bill:
"The most reactionary, most barbarous,
the most stupidly, wantonly and meddle
eomely oppressive in the whole history of
American legislation." Tbti is the way
the free-trader raves at a bill which is to
pat an end to the Democratic deficit, pro
tect American industry and add $300,000.
--000 annually to American wages. Truly
among the wicked there is weeping and
wailing and gnashing of teeth.
THE CITY ELECTIONS.
Mr. Bryan has telegraphed to Carter
Harrison, the successful Democratic can
didate for Mayor of Chicago: "Accept
congratulations upon your magnificent
victory. The elections in Chicaeo, Cin
cinnati, Detroit and other cities indicate a
decided change in public sentiment since
November."
It will be seen from this telegram that
Bryan is laying to his soul the flattering
unction that the vote in Chicago means
that a large number of citizens have be
come dissatisfied with the vutes they cast
in November, and that if they bad the
chance again they would now vote for
him instead of McKinley. This opinion
is confined to Mr. Bryan himself. It is
certainly not shared by Carter Harrison,
who in an interview stated that hia vic
tory was the result of n united and not a
divided Democracy. "Gold as well as sil
ver men," he eaid, "cast their ballots for
me." There is no comfort in that state
ment for Mr. Bryan, lor if Bryan repre
sents anything at all he represents a di-
vided and not the united Democracy
which was successful at Chicago.
Nothing is more futile and foolish than
this effort of the discredited leader of the
Democratic and Populist fusion to misrep
resent the result of the election- 1 in East
ern cities so as to make them show a
change in public sentiment on the issues
which were submitted to the people in
November. City elections are always de
termined by local issue?. The Republi
can party in Chicago was hopelessly di
vided. The aivisions, however, were
occasioned wholly on matters of local
politics. National affairs had nothing
whatever to do with them. There was no
contest concerning the tariff, the money
question or any other great National pol
icy. The fißht was a purely local ono and
the Democratic candiuate succeeded sim
ply because his opponents were divided
while his own supporters were thorouishly
united, aggressive and determined to win.
Whatever comfort the old Democratic
party may draw from the result in
some of the cities where elections have
been held the Popocratic fusion party
can find none. The only city in which
an effort was made to continue their
fu-ion in the local elections was
in St. Lotiis, and there it resulted in a dis
astrous failure. St. Louis is normally a
Btrongly Democratic community. In the
recent election an attempt was made to
bring the gold wing of Democracy into
harmony with the silver and the Populist
wing, but the result was that the nearer
they "got together" the more antagonistic
they became. Harmony was impossible.
The fusion went to pieces and the party
went to defeat.
Even the most casual study of the re
turns from the various cities will show that
the Bryan movement had nothing what
ever to do with the temporary Democratic
successes. Mr. Bryan may natter himself
that hi-» prospects have been brightened
by the vote, but he will rind himself mis
taken. There has been no change in pub
lic sentiment since November.
WE ABE NOT PROVINCIAL.
We observe with considerable astonish
ment t at some of the interior newspapers
of the State are seriously indisposed
toward printing anything cheerful about
the Carnival of the Golden Gate. They
appear to be gathering the folds of their
kirtles about them preparatory to a grim
withdrawal from the scene of festivities.
And, glancing back over their Bhoulders
as they slowly recede, they display a
countenance more in sorrow than in
anger— an expression of reproach blended
with renunciation. They would have en
joyed remuining and mingling in the
happy talk wnich must surely precede and
follow the gala occasion that awaits us;
but they feel that they have been wronged,
that distinctions have been practiced to
their disadvantage, and that they must
out of pure self-respect resent the slight
and assert their independence.
Tne whole difficulty seems to lie in the
circumstanco that paid advertisements oi
the carnival have not beeu sent out to
them, whereas me San Francisco papers
have received advertisements of carnivals
that have been held in the interior. In
this arrangement these interior journals
fail lo discern that spirit of reciprocity
which unites all eood brotherhood and in
spires fraternal endeavor for a common
cause. They contend that they have done
enough free talking for San Francisco,
while the San Francisco papers have been
in a measure recompensed for their outlay
of space, time and talents by patronage
for their advertising columns. They pro
pose, regretfully but firmly, to do no nioie
of it.
The Call trusts that these of its interior
contemporaries will accord it the credit at
least ot sincerity in this matter when it
ventures to remonstrate with them. We do
not believe that they are taking a broad
view of the situation. It seems exceed
ingly Drovincial. The San Francisco
morning papers are national publications
— they are not got up to cover merely
the events of a single city, or single neigh
borhood. They cater to all sections and
correspondingly draw upon all sections
for support. Probably it requires as much
money to run one of them a month as it
requires to run for a like period all the
interior papers in the State combined,
barring a few in some of the larger cities.
It would be impractical for a paper like
The Call to depend entirely upon San
Francisco for its support, although San
Francisco furnishes more patronage in
proportion to its readers than the interior
does.
So interior carnival can possibly do bet
ter than to advertise in the metropolitan
press, from a simple business point of
view. In no other way can so many read
ers be reached, and particularly those leis
urely readers who are the most likely to
flit away into the country for a few days
of carnival. The press of this City goes
all over the country and is read all over
the country. Why should not the inte
rior carnival committees embrace so supe
rior a service as a cool, practical proposi
tion? It costs lest to advertise in a few
big Journals than to advertise in a thou
sand smaller ones. Suppose the Golden
Gate Carnival committee should under
take to advertise In the interior press.
Where would it get off? How many ad
vertisements would it have to issue?
Could it discriminate and advertise In
only the Los Angeles, Sacramento, San
Jose and Stockton papers? Manifestly
not, since th« papers of other cities, and
the papers of every remote corner and dis
tant mountain pocket in the whole State
would have just as good a cause for com
plaint in that event as they have in the
present one and just as cood cause aa the
paperi of Los Angeles, Sacramento, San
Jose and Stockton have in the present
also.
The whole truth is that there is no
thought of making distinctions— no con
sciousness of slighting anyone or favor
ing any set of papers— in the bestowal of
advertising. It is, we repeat, a business
pioposition. Aad the big metropolitan
dailies are as much California dailies as
they are San Francisco dailies. They are
the only dailies, in fact, which cover the
whole State and are recognized as the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
mouthpieces of entire California at home
and abroad.
The Call hones that its interior friends
will not permit their hasty resolution to
last in view of this dispassionate presen
tation of common-sense consideiations.
They tnnst not regard us as provincially
San Franciscan — we speak for the State,
the country, the world. And San Fran
cisco's carnival is California's carnival
also. There should be no jealousies in
this beautiful State, which is our common
heritage and the very be*t heritage that
any people ever were blest with. The
Golden Gate Carnival will be in honor of
and a tribute to the Golden State, and we
should all work to make it worthy of that
object.
DfiEARY IMBECILITY.
• "The Democratic criticisms of the new
tariff," says the Inter Ocean, "are drearily
imbecile." The language is strong, but
what else can be said of criticisms that
are essentially imbecile in argument and
most vapidly dreary in language. No
other phrase can so accurately present the
exact nature of the attacks which the
free-trade orators and organs are now
making upon the bill which is designed to
provide protection for our industries and
an adequate revenue for our Government.
The Examiner of yesterday furnished an
example of these criticisms. It declared
the Dingley tariff to be "the most reac
tionary, the most barbarous, the most
stupidly, wantonly and meddlesomely op
pre«sive in the wbofe history of American
fi-cal legislation." These statements
made in the face of facts so well known to
the people are certainly to be character
ized by no other phrase than that used by
the Inter Ocean.
H»d the language of the Examiner been
applied to the Wilson tariff, the people
would have recognized it as a fairly ac
curate statement of the truth. That tariff
nearly bankrupted the Government, com
pelled four bond issues to raise money,
and imposed upon the people a burden of
principal and interest which, belore it is
paid off, will cost the Government over
$5' 0,000,001 The Dingley tariff, on the
contrary, provides a revenue sufficient to
meet the needs of the Government and to
pay off the debt imposed by the Demo
cratic tariff. It will open a way, more
over, for the annual payment of $300,000,000
in wages to American labor.
The New York Sun has said: "The
tariff reformers made such a fist of it
with their lying and disastrous Wilson
tariff, that, for very shame they now
should cease from boring the public with
their dreary preaching." This statement
of the Sun wo recommend to the Examiner
and all other free-trade organs in the
country. P 'Op!e have grown weary of the
cry that a tariff is a tax and that protec
tion fosers trusts. Tuey have had ex
perience with both kinds of tariffs, and
they desire a return to the protection
which is embodied in the Dingley bill.
The Republican National platform
clearly expressed public sentiment on this
subject In saying, "The country demands
a right settlement and then it wants
rest." The right settlement is furnished
by the Dingley tarift, which wa< supponed
in the House not only by all Republican
members but by several, of trie most pro
gressive Democrats from the South. The
next tiling demanded is rest. Above all
the people desire rest from dreary imbe
cility ot criticism.
SIGNS OF BETTER TIMES.
While the revival ef industry from the
depression caused by the Democratic
tariff is slow, as was foreseen by all in
telligent men, it is, nevertheless, progress
ing steadily, and in no part of the Union
are signs lacking that the hard times are
passing away, and better conditions re
turning to all classes of trade and in
dustry.
We called attention a short time ago to
the statement of Factory Inspector Camp
bell of Pennsylvania that 100,000 more
persons are at work in that State now
than there were six months ago. This in
itself shows a notable improvement in in
dustrial conditions, since it i? clear that if
there has been such a large increase in
employment in one State of the Union,
there must be a similar improvement in
other communities.
Rflports from the Southern States an
nounce the erection there of a large num
ber of new cotton-mills and the enlarge
ment of those already in operation. Along
the lake States there are developments in
the construction of commercial buildings
of all sorts, and some of them are of quite
a notable character. One of these is the
beginning of the erection at Buffalo of a
steel elevator with a capacity of 3,000,0C0
bushels. An elevator of steel is some
thing in the way of an experiment, and il
it proves successful will lead to the erec
tion of a iarge number of others of the
same kind, so that the time may not be
far distant when the old-fashioned wooden
elevator will cease to exist.
The largo orders which have been given
for steel rails assure an immediate con
struction of a large number of new rail
roads or the repair of old ones. It is said
that the orders sent in for rails during the
first two months of this year exceeded the
total amount of orders given during the
whole twelve months of 1896. Theoutlook
for the steel and iron industry, therefore,
is better than it has been since the Wilson
tariff was enacted, and as the iron and
steel industry has ever been reearded as a
Bafe standard for measuring the business
prosperity of the country, it becomes evi
dent that the revival is going on
much faster than some pessimists would
have us believe.
MEN aNj WOMEN
The life of Tennyson on which his son, the
present Lord, has been for tome nime at work,
is to be published In two good-sized volumes
in the autumn.
An English provincial paper recently printed
a sketch of Chauncey D'Epew, aud laid espe
cial emphasis oa the ract that his Gallic wit
was in keeping with his Gallic name.
Mrs. Margaret E. Hood of Frederick, Md., has
given $20,000 to endow a professorship In the
woman's college of that town. Some time ago
she gave $15,000 to found the Daniel Scholl
observatory in Franklin and Marshall College,
Lancaster, I'enn.
John Nicholas Brown, who has Just given
$200,000 to the Providence Public Library
Association for anew building, Is the eldest
son of the late John Carter Brown, who save
to Brown University Us new library building
and the land uron which It stands. He is 33
years old, lives in Newport and Is an earnest
student of social and political questions.
Alfred Quantln Mary, who died recently In
Paris, was serving as a lieutenant of tho
Katlonal Guard at the Chamber of Daputles
In 1848 when it was invaded by the uprising
of the people. The Duke of Chartres and the
Count of Paris, both children at that time,
were present at the sitting. Lieutenant Mary
seized the Count of Paris in his arms, jumped
out ol the window with him and hid him at
the Invalides.
AN EMBASSADOR'o HOUSE RENT.
Providence Journal.
The rent of tho house which Embasssdor
Hay will occupy in London *11l be just equal
to his salary. That doesn't mean that Mr.
Hay is an Improvident man, bat H means that
the United States Government is a nigK«rdiv
employer.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Especial attention is called this week to two
Vienna masters of very different kinds of
music— Johannes Brahms and Johann Strauss.
While the Waltz King has been triumphing at
the Theater an der Wien, in the seventy-third
year of his age, with a new operetta, as bril
liant as anything he ever wrote, Johannes
Brahms, aged 04, has ended his musical labors
after a long and painful illness. Brahms
worked in every important style of composi
tion excepting the operatic. Opera and matri
mony he avoided with equal persistency. He
shared with Beethoven the degree of M. 8.,
Bachelor of Music "With mirriage," he once
said, "it is as witn opera. If 1 had already
composed an opera and, for al l care, seen it
fail, I would certainly write another. But I
can't make up my mind to a first marriage or
a first opera." The theater simply had no at
traction for him. Not infrequently he
would rise to leave after the first
act of an opera, with the remarK
to his companion: "You kuow I understand
nothing about the theater." Brahms thought
In the recognized classic musical forms of
JOHANNES BRAHMS, Who Avoided Operas and Matrimony.
which he was not a slave but a master. He
gave modern significance to classical forms.
It was Schumann who first enthusiastically re
cgnized his (teniu«, and It was to Schumann
that he wrote In 1855 saying how distasteful
it was to him to r« dragged into the war
against Wagner. Many pfople have judged
Brahms' music unjustly because of liis mij>
posed opposition to the Bayreuth master, but
Baoslick says that no one was more familiar
with Wagner's scores than Brahms, and that
he often beard Brahms defend Wagner aguinst
hostile critic.sm. Wegnerians, however, were
never able to forget that caustic saying of
Wagner's, "Brahms is a oinposer whose
importance lies in not wishing to create any
startling effects."
The first production of "The Goddess of
Reason," Johann Strauss' new operetta, has
created quite a sensation in Vienna, for on the
banks of the Danube nil the compositions of
the popular master pass for chefs d'oauvre.
Without going quite so far as to bolieve that,
there teems no reason to doubt that Strauss'
now operatta, which is running at ihe Theater
an der Wien, is worthy of most of the flattering
things that the Vienna press snys about it.
Strauss was struck with a strange idea, though,
when he sought the motive for gay waltzes in
the most somber period of the French Revolu
tion. The action passes in the year 17U3,
partly in the camp at Chalons, and partly in a
pentionnat. The music from one cud to the
other of 'The Goddess of Reason" is as full of
ruelody as If Sirauss was in the vigor of his
days, instead of having passe i his seventy
second birthday. There was only one shadow
on the brightness of the first night's success —
Strfiuss was prevented by illness from attend
ing the Dcrformance.
Apropos of to-morrow night's first perform
ance oi AmbroUe Thomas' "Hamlet" in this
City one may tell a story, which M. G. Bourdon
has been relating in the Paris Figaro: One
day, in the month of October, 1807, Ambroise
Thomas was walking slowly and pensively
down the Rue Vivienue. Editor lleugel. from
the back part of his store, saw him pass ai:<i
called out,' "En bien! what's the news? '"Hut!
a big machine that 1 have just finished in the
country." "Show it me." Ambroise Thomas,
whose memory was prodigious, went to the
piano in the music publisher's study and for
two hours played his big machine. It was the
score of "Hamlet," that lor eight montns
he had petted, caressed and coaxed. It
marked a stage in his artistic life.
For tho first time he was trying to escape
from the tensor graces of "Songe dune
Hvit d'ete" of "Psyche" and of "Mignon," and
was trying to get to the heights of grand
music. "It for the Grand Opera, heln, and
righi away," said Heugel. "Oh, no! no!" re
plied Thomas. "Give me first an Ophelia, and
then we shall see." At this moment a pretty
blonde girl showed her head, which looked
like a pastel painting through the half-open
aoor, exclaiming "Bonjour!" "Nilsson !" said
Heugel. "But la vollal your Ophelia." And,
in effect, it was the Swedish cantatriee who
triumphantly created the role. As for Ham
let, it is not generally known that the role
was first written for a tenor, but that it was
decided to give it to the incomparable bary
tone Faurc. This necessitated the rewriting
of ail the score in the version which was per
formed and published.
At Genoa, Italy, the other aay a grand con
cert was given for the benefit of the Cretan
Insurgents. After many contretemps and
obstacles raised by the authorities the concert
finally took place in the Po'iteama Genovese,
which was crowded. The principal attraction
was the Tzigane Rigo, who executed several
violin solos, among others a piece entitled
"Viennese Follies" and a "Hungarian Rhap
sody." In spite of the rumors that Rigo and
the Princoss de Caraman-Chimay never speak
as they pass by the Princess was In the first
row of the audience elegantly dressed in pink.
Augusts Van Blene, the actor 'cellist, who
has been giving himself such airs in New
York, professes to have undergone terrible
privations In his early days. At one time he
wos alone, friendless and penniless, in London
and only a feeling of ambition kept him from
despair. "One day, when I was both hungry
and fad," he says, "I heard a man singing in
the street. At the same inntant, owing to a
rush of warm air from the window, I smolt
the odor of a dinner cooking. Suddenly I
formed a resolution. I borrowed a stool from
my landlaay and, with my violoncello under
my arm, I went into the street." Van Biene
played all that day, and on several succeeding
ones, for coppers on the street and his takings
averaged from 5 shillings to 2o shillings a day
($1 to $4). One aay he was addressed by a
gentleman who asked why he was playing on
the street. "For bread," he replied. The
[ slanger gave him a card, telling him to call
I the next day. It bore the name of Costa, and
j that was the origin of his engagement in Sir
I Michael Costa's orchestra at Covent Garden.
The paper Yon Fels zum Meer recently pub
lished some of Rubinsieiu's private memoirs,
which the master kept locked in his desk dur
ing his lifetime, because he did not want to
engage in any controversy by letting his
friends see them. Here are some of his opin
ions : "When musical thoughts are lacking then
the lie tmotiv comes in handy. " "There used
to be little concert halls and great artists, now
there are great concert halls, but .'"' "An
artist who gives a concert wishes lo learn the
judgment of the pubic on his performance.
The easiest way would be, instead of charging
the public for admission, to ask them at the
end for such contribut ions as they thought he
deserved. This would be a test of the ap
plause, and would check the flood of coucerts."
Ern;ie Zola has heralded the libretto of the
new Zola-Bruneau opera "Messedor" to the
world as ''the first book of the future lyric
drama of France." The critics aro not of the
same opinion. They say that Bruneau has
written a score of alluring power, but that it
is to be regret'dl that he score*! the trivial
realism of thu language used by Zola's peas
ant*. Imagine setting to music sue.i words as
"Eli, my friend, is it forbiduen to have more
intpiligeme and activity than the others?"
It dues not jeem as if excessive realism were
much better than the books of the old Italian
operas.
The Philharmonic Orchestra of Berlin, con
ducted by Arthur Nikisch, late of Boston, is go
ing to try its fortune in Paris next month at
the Cirque d'hiver. No doubt the favorable
reception given to Felix Mottl of Carlsbad and
to Mrs. Mottl has shown that Paris will not
turn its back on musical art because it comes
from the other side of the Rhine.
Hubcrman, the boy violinist, was recently
interviewed for a musical paper. When
asked now he liked New York he answered in
distinct English, "Very nice," and smiled as
though much pleased. "I like much the
oyster," be added, voluntarily, "and the ter
rapin and tho Role?. We have not oysters at
my home. They are very good." And this is
the boy who plays 4DO different concertos and
sonatas and individual compositions from
memory.
At Bayreuth a memorial monument to
Richard Wasner will soon be begun. It is to
take the form of a large, round temple, with
an imposing dome, supported by columns.
Several years will be needed to complete the
temple, which will probably be dedicated in
1001, the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Bay
reuth iestivais.
Last season Mancinelli conducted all the
operas at Coveut Garden, but this coming
season it has been decided that he will only
conduct the French and Italian operas. Anton
S.'UU has been engaged to conduct the German
operas.
The Daily News annouuces that on the occa
sion of the jubilee of Queen Victoria, the In
corporated Society of Musicians proposes to
found a grand institute as a home of poor and
aged musicians.
Augusta Cottlow, who sppeared here some
years ago as a child pianist, has been playing
with success in Berlin.
Tne French press hails a coming composer
in Gabriel Pierne, whose new lyric drama,
"Vendee," has created quite a sensation at
Lyons.
Leonora Jackson, a young American violin.
Ist, is meeting with striking favor In Beriin,
where she is considered a masterly player.
Gillet (composer of "The Mill," "Loin dv
Bai," etc.) is making a furor in Athens with a
new comic opera, entitled "The Isle of Crete."
Humpcrdinck has composed an orchestral
work for the coming Leeds festival.
Sir Arthur Sullivan will receive $10,000 for
his new Victorian ballet.
ENGLAND'S SHAME.
Where now Is proud o!d England's vaunted might
To kuiiml the weak and stand up for the rlitbt?
1 hough loath to soil her hands wah craven deeds,
Con ent io lie supine while Hellas bleeds;
Too timid to oppose the devil's woric.
Half spurred to act, yet all disposed to shirk.
Aroused to shams by Gladstone's statesman call.
Yet Dound by cnalns 3tlf-wrougnt In Satan's
thrall;
Kearins? to risk a blow for Freedom's self,
Yet periling her soul for doubtful pelf;
AllKe reserved iv blame or lo commend,
llulf 1 uriey's foe aud half lo Greece a friend.
The Powers she gives assent with civil leer.
And without sneering, teaches them to sneer;
By » quiescence hopes to serve her Queen,
Yet by inaction Keep her 'scutcheon clean;
Herself at fault, she hesitates ills ike.
Willing to wound and yet airfcid to strike)
—New York Evening Bun.
INVENTED "LOG ROLLING"
Wftshlngton Post.
Judge Holman says that ex-J|enator Sawyer
of Wisconsin invented "log rolling" in legisla
tion and that he is responsible for the waste
of more public money than any llvin* man In
the United States. "Sawyer is to blame for
these outrageous river and harbor bills," ex
claimed the venerable economist from Indian*.
"He was chairman of the Committee on Com
merce in the House of Representatives thirty
five years ago, and in order to get money for
rivers and harbors and harbors in Wisconsin
he divided the pie all round. Before Sawyer's
timo appropriations for river and harbor im
provements were made in individual bills
Just as public buildings are authorized now,
and when a bill for improving a harbor at
Oshkcsh came up all the Southern and Kast
em people would vote against it because that
town was not in their district, and vice versa.
So Sawyer conceived the id^aof pooling Issues,
and he used to make uo bills containing thirty
or forty appropriations for different places in
various parts of the country so as to get votes
enough to pass them and neutralize the oppo
sition. I have often told Sawyer that he ccst
this Government more money than any other
living man\"
PERSONAL.
E. M. Barnes of Reno is on a visit h«re.
Francis A. Fee of Madera Is on a visit bere.
Samuel Armstrong of Victoria, B. C, is in
town.
T. H. O. Child of England arrived here yes
terday.
George H. Corey of San Diego Is on a yisit
here.
W. H. Loom is of Brooklyn, N. V., is in the
City.
A. W. Young of Amndor City is at the Cos
mopolitan.
F. P. Mills and Mrs. Mills of Coultervllle are
at the Occidental.
H. F. Geer, a. mining man of Turlock, is reg
istered at the Lick.
Fred Gerstley, a business man of Los Ange
les, is a recent arrival here.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan are
at the Grand.
Captain W. Colm of Queensland, New Zea
land, Is on a visit here.
Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Washington of Nashville,
Term., are at the Palace.
J. V. A. Smith, a business man of Seattle, is
here, accompanied by his wife.
C. R. Gilbert, a mining man of Butte, Mon
tana, is at the Palace.
0. H. P. Noye«, a wealthy tea importer of
Yokohama, is at the Palace.
G. F. Janny, a business man of Salt Lake
City, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. L. E. Sage, proprietress of Congress
springs, is a recent arrival at the Lick.
K. Parsons of Sonora, formerly Treasurer of
Tuolumne County, is in the City.
William Knabe, a wealthy resident of Balti
more, Md., arrived here yesterday.
B. F. Shepherd, a real-estate dealer and in
surance agent of Fresno, is at the Grand.
H. V. Vaughn, a cattle-grower of Winne
mucca, Nev., is among the arrivals at the Russ.
A. Pngh, one of the best-known mining ex
perts in the State, Is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Mme. Camilla Urso has returned here after a
visit to San Jose, Monterey and other near-by
points.
W. P. Edwards, one of the directors of the
Home for the Feeble-miuded at Eldridge, is in
the City.
Po'.ice Judge Conlan Is yet 111. He will prob
ably not be able to resume his judicial duties
for some time.
1. L. B. Mott, a wealthy business man of New
York; Mrs. Mott, Miss Mott and Miss Redding
ton, arrived here yesterday.
J. C. Cramer and Oscar Nelson of the Sierra
Blanco mine, West Point, Calaveras County,
are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Superior Judge Carroll Cook will leave for
Fresno County to-day to take the place on the
bench oi Judge Webb, with whom he is to ex
change places for a short time.
Major McLaughlin, chairman of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, has returned
here after some weeks at Washington, D. C,
during which he attended the inauguration.
Brevet Brigadier-General John S. Witcher,
major and paymaster United States army, and
Mrs. Witcber, have returned from the recent
inauguration ceremonies at Washington, end
are now domiciled at the Hotel Wenban.
Z. S. Spauldlng of Honolulu, who has a fnn
chise from the Hawaiian Government foi a
cable which he propot.es to extend to the
United States or sell the franchise to this Gov
ernment, has returned from Washington, D.
C. He says there is nothing doing about th«
cable enterprise that is new.
T. J. Slaughter, a leading and wealthy florist
of Madison, N. J. , who Uan extensive propa
gator of the American Beanty rose and who
furnishes New York City with 500,000 roses
aunuaily, is among the arrivals here. Mr.
Slaughter has sixty acres, much of which is
under class, which ia devoted to various
'flowers.
Clarence King, formerly of California, now
of New York, who has been here for some
months past looking up mines for a large syn
dicate, returned from the mountains yester
day and is at the Palace. Though a mining
engineer, Mr. King sometimes does special
journalistic work, and he is one of the greatest
admirers of newspaper meu in the country.
CALIFORNiANS IN NE .V YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— At the St,
Cloud, F. E. Cuens and M. A. Irons: Astor, C.
Muse; Rroadway Central, J. L. Kusaell; Mor
ton, J. H. Simpson.
WilH YOUR COFFEE.
Ethel— Oh, dear me! I don't know what to
thins I Algy asked mo last night if I wouldn't
like to have something around the house that
I could love and that would love me.
Edith— Well?
Ethel— Well, I don't know whether he means
himself, or whether he is thinking of buying
me a dog I— Puck.
Grace— Kow I do envy Mri«. Fitzslmmonsl
Carmellta— Why, how dreadiul
Grace— l don't care! Just think of having a
$15,000 Easter bonnet!— New York Press.
Adam— What are you saying, Eve?
Eve— That it was rather queer I do not re
member ever hearing your last name. —
Twinkles.
Airy — And what did she say when you pro
posed!
— Well, first she said that I had none
of those stable qualities which a woman re
quires in a husband; then she said that I
should have something moro than a meager
salary to offer a woman belore I proposed mar
riage; she next said that she considered me
the most fickle, improvident, unreliable and
vacillating of my sex.
Algy— The deuce? That was an awful falling
down to give a man before refusing him.
- Reggy— But the didn't— she accepted me.—
Judge.
What ardent friends were yon and Gray!
You wore each other's collars.
Bat you lost him when, oce lncklessday.
You lent him 40. —Chicago Tribune.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The Veterans of General Head* Post.
O. A. R. , Entertained by the
Meade Relief Oorpa.
It was remarked at an assemblage of mem
bers of General Meaile Post, G. A. R., and
ladies of General Meade Relief Corps that
while all the younger people and orders were
being rushed to the front, the old veterans
who fought to save the Union are almost for
gotten and scarcely thought of; but that the
time will come, in future generations, when
the people will look bacs: and trace the family
tree for the honor of being called a descend
ant of a Union soldier of the War of the Re
bellion. ■ This is true of many who claim to be
filed with patriotism, but there is one organ
izatton th*t does not forget the old soldiers
of General Meade Post, and that one is Gen
eral Meade Relief Corps, which was organized
eight years ago to work in conjunction with
the post. Once a year the ladles of this corps
visit the veterans and entertain them with
music, song and a banquet. This was done
last Tuesday night in Foresters' Hall, on the
occasion of the corps' anniversary, and the
men who carried the muskets to preserve the
country as one were sensibly affected by the
kindness of the one body that never loT ***
Tbe officers of the corps, Mrs. Marr A Sweet
pr.sUlen.; Mrs M. Boefl/senior" ; mVI M
nh ? C . an> l?, nlor T, vl , ce; Mrs - Josephine Coles
chaplain; Miss Helen H. Biaclt secretary-
UattieM. Baldwin, treasurer and Mrs c"^
Drolrim tt Z" ni A^ Uard ' gOt 5? the 'lowing
programme: Address by Past Department
-Ten O Un V C ,°h m^^ der = vWI trio
nls A i?° he . Ola Cam P Ground" and "The
Old Oaken Bucket," Mrs. F. E. Bowley Mrs!
Annie Levitt and Ha " M. Baldwin; address
? y , P ??\? < om ™* Graham; recltatiou "Lin
coln Mb« P CBbO Atkins; recitation. ''Cali
iornia Miss Hoff rich ter. Uhen there was an
adjournment 1° the upper hall, where a ban
quet pieparea by the ladies awaited all. There
were reminiscences and short addresses spiced
witn patriotic flavor.
Gap field Re I Iff Corps.
The ladies of the James A. Garfield Relief
Corps, G. A. R. , gave a picasaut social ia Bo
cial Hall, Alcazar building, last Tuesday
night. While the hall was not crowded to ex
cess, there were many cou.nles who enjoyed
the fkie programme of dances that was pre
sented, ana there was regret that ihe affair
terminated as soon as it did. The event was
under the direction of Mrs. Nellie LasseDe, as
sisted by Mrs. Esther Dunn, Mrs. K. Howard,
Mrs. Jennie Witham, Mrs. Burgman and Mrs.
Short. Mrs. May Souders whs the floor man
ager. The officers of this corps are: Mrs.
Margaret Jones, president; Mrs May Fow
zer, senior vice; Mrs. Lizzie Zeigler, junior
vice; Mrs. Gilberts, chaplain ; Mrs. Kate How
ard, secretary; Mrs. Dora Wilkins, treasurer;
Mrs. Dibble, conductor, and Mrs. Rosa Burg
man, guard.
The New Command f>r.
8. W. Hall, recently elected State Commander of
the Knights of the Maccabees of ihls siate.ls quite
a young man, but he has nad a broad experience
S. W. HALL.
In fraternal work. As deputy xapreme comman
der he has had under his direction tne northern
section of California. A review of the work done
under his direction Is a recommendation that he
will make a good officer in his new position. He
Is a fluent talker ana is also entertaining. He
propcsea to advance the order during his term.
Mantie Parlor, N. S. G. W.
F. Mordecai, J. R. Hay, F. Kaufman, F.
Drury, M. Claraty, G. F. Euler. William Car
roll and T. E. MtQuaid have been appointed
the committee oi arrangements to prepare an
entertainmetu and dance for the tenth anni
versary oi Niantic Parlor, to be given in Na
tive Sons' Hall oa the evening of the 27th
inst. The committee will strive Hard to make
thia c, most enjoyable event.
THE PASSING SHOW.
The Mississippi Is still making bad breaks.—
Baltimore American.
The julep season approaches and the mints
will be opened up with a little liquor on the
inside.— Chicago Dispatch.
All encouragement should be given to the
growing beet-sugar industry. There is reason
to believe it may be developed until this coun
try is able to produce all the sugar it needs. —
New York Tribune.
Would that Greece had an army and a nary
that could defy the powers and make both
might ana right do battle in a noble cause-
Baltimore American.
Mrs. Christopher Bettarle has sustained the
reputation of her sex lor markwomanship.
She aimed a revolver at a dog and shot her
husband.— Chicago journal.
Mr. Bayard has secured the return of the
Mayflower's logbook to the United States. Mr.
Bayard is coming back, 100, so the country
will have two Interesting relics on its hands.
Minneapolis Times.
The great power 3of Europe are such terrible
ftllows that they were going to eat up the
Greeks without stopping to butter them, but
n»w the Greeks say they feel like dining them
selves.—Chicago JRecord.
Greece made a mistake. If King George had
sett his soldiers to some defenseless province
and allowed them to slaughter women and
chi-dren the great powers would have bowed
recognition of the greatness of Greece.—Chi
cag« Journal.
Civ glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. •
■1 ; . — — .
Geitjine eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c; Sun
days 740 Market, Kast shoestore; weekday!
35 Fourth street, next bakery. •
Ppeoal information daily to manufacturers,
buslnas houses and public men by the Press
Clippng Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
".• '.\ .'•■■,. • — • — •
FirstThesplan— our last stand the thea
ter tool fire in the middle of the third act.
Seconi ThesDian— Was there a panic in the
andienie ?
First Thespian— Oh, no. The usher woke
him up md told him it was time to go home.
—Yale fitcord.
Santa F» Limited From San Francisco
Three and a Half Days to Chicago
Via Santa Fe Route.
To accomnodate our Northern California pa
trons, on Mondays and Thursday! the first
class Pullnan sleeping-car leaving San Fran
cisco at i p. m. will connect at Barstow
with the Santa Fe vestibule train, carrying
dining-car, Juffet, smoking-car 2nd Pullman pal
ace drawlngroom sleeping>cars for both St. Lou is
and Chicago via Kansas City. This shortens the
running tine twelve hours. Send for literature
descriptive sf our route. San Francisco ticket
office, 644 AUrket street, Chronicle building; tele
phone main 1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
• — ♦ — «
Railroad rickets to the Eagr. via Rio
Grande Western and Denver and
Kb Urande Railways.
At lowest pojslble rmtes, with through Pullman
buffet and toirist sleeping car service every day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday am Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Silt Lake City on ail classes of ticket*
Detailed inforaation and tickets furnished at 14
Montgomery stieet, or 314 California street
Change of Time.
Taking effect March 28, the Northern Pacific
overland train wii leave Portland at 11 a. m. in
stead of 1 p. m., tius making connection at Spo
kane for all poiits In the new Kootenai mlntn-'
district. Tickets at lowest rates to KosslanT
Northport and Trail. T. K. Stateler, general
agent, 638 Market ureet, San Francisco.
~* — ♦ — •
. A BI.IGHT COT.D, IF NKOLECTKD, OITKJC AT
tacks the Luxes. " Brown't Bronchial Troche*"
give Immediate and vffectual relief.
Colds, caused by tie sudden changes of temper
ature at this season of the year, make Ayer*«
Cherry Pectoral Indispensable.
* ♦ >
Aunt Maria— l thiu you and Mr. Mann
Snnh« l Mi * ng nlCEly to *ether. You know
you both like the sam« people
Matilda-Yes, and ■that is' better, we hate
the same people. Just think what nice long
talks we shall have together.— Tit Bits.
■ JHSW T9'Z>AT2
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.]
Celebrated forit-crpat leavenliv «tr^,™..h .nil
healthfulness. ; Assures the food aStnartdSm" "d
all forma of admiration common to tCe, caow
brands. \ i j l6 cno*i»
MgMt Bakjsq Fowßsa to.. Ne^VorLTHDRSDAY ATRIL 8, 1897
AMI SEMENTS.
Fai.cwtv Tukateb -"Hamlet."
California Theater.— "Hamlet," tomorrow
night.
Columbia Tnr.ATr.R-"For Fair Virginia."
Ji!okosco's orKRA-Horsic -' Tho Stowaway."
ft i < a7ap. Theatkr. "Wild Oats"
Tivoli Opera Hoi'se.— Don Juan."
( BPHi r«.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Ltnun Baths.— Salt Water Bathing, etc.
tiTko Baths— Entiling and I frformances.
Ihk CHDTXS and SKATING Kink— Dally at
J;iii4;l.!. ktreet, one block etst of the l'arlc
i-'tUMj Rack Track.— Uac-% to-day.
AICTION SALLS.
J -» Fbaxx \V. I x -TTKKFiFi.D-Thls rt»v. April
8, FiirnUure. :it ISJO Market st.. al 2 o'clock.
Ry 1- 11. Hntn.— Thli day. Apr:! 8. Furniture,
etc.. at I'll I.jtrkiti streei. at 11 o'clock.
I.v <-. 11. I'misix t t Co.— Saturday eveninp,
Apr;! 10, Heal Estate, in the City ot .Stockton.
J y Eabton a Kluuiuck.- Tuesday, April 13,
■Heal f:st:ne. al (i3B Market street, at IS o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair and warm to-d»y is promised by the
Weather Bureau.
A grom many law suits were begun in the
Superior Court yesterday.
Judge Coffey has decided that the will of the
late Mrs. Marianne Saroni is invalid.
John H. Kemp, grocer, was yesterday fined
W-o by Judge Campbell for selling adulterated
honey.
The Board of Health has decided on a
definite plan of action to enforce the pure
fooa laws.
A new;y born bnbv boy was left on the door-
Btep of Mrs. Hunter, 3430 Sixteenth street,
yesterday morninjr.
Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Robbing commemorated
the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage at
the Uentone ia-a evening.
Attorney I. Kosencrnntz has filed a volun
tary petition in insolvency. Ho owes $35,
--6i)l oO and his assets are nominal.
The Police Commissioners met last night
ftnd dismissed the charges against two poiice
men. raid anot'.nr was fined £10.
B»,ard of Health employes have been
darned on pain of dismissal to have their
unilorrns ready by the 15th inst.
Pr. McAllister, Bliss Rucker, Mobalasca,
■Recreation, Treachery and Tulare were the
wlnuera at Knieryvilie yesterday.
Little Hilda Mayes of the John Pwett Gram
mar School, whose drawings arc the talk of the
Bchool, wants to be a "real artist. 1
The Lindell House, corner of Sixth and
Howard streets, has been condemned and
ordered vacated by the Board of Health.
John M. Evans, saloon-keeper, Eddy street,
was ordered into custody yesterday by acting
Police Judge Kerrigan for attempted extor
tion.
W. I?. Bradbury, the capitalist, surrendered
himself yesteniny upon a charge of expector
at ng in n cable-car, and Judge Low continued
the case for two days.
The Southern Pacific Company will fill in
one mile ami ti quarter of the Alameda and
Oakland narrow-gamje mole. Wort will
begin withia a few days.
Under a decision of the Supreme Court yes
terday ttie Protestant Orphan Asylum is'de
j r:vcd of the btquest of the late Edward Bar
ron, amounting to .*f>(X>o.
Edward Homan will be compelled to close
'the M dway Plalsance, as John \Y. Mackay,
: the | roperty, has obtained judgment
lor possession in three day-.
John W. Kuthass died suddenly yesterday
morning at the corner of Eddy and Steiner
Btrects, evidently from heart disease. He was
a native of Germany, 53 years old.
Chief of Police Crowley retired last niuht
Captain Lets was appointed his successor for
the unexpired urm and Detrctive Ben Bohen
\vn» appointed captain of detectives.
Under a decision of the Supremo Conrt yes
ter<ltty t tie order oi the lower court for the
Bnle of the Murphy. Grant <!t Co. building and
land, the premises will have to be sold.
Judsre t'amtibell yesterday Inflicted a noroi-
T-nl j. ■ . two men arrested for expec
■ 'rfuritr upon trie sidewalk, and intimated his
intention oi being more severe in the future.
The second day* session of the Stae Sundßy-
BCtioo' convention was held at the Bajftlst
Church yesterday. Nomination «nd resolu
tion committees were appointed and reports
Eulmitted.
The Supreme Court has denied Ernest Gelg
er*a petition fora new trial on a charge of
burglary on the ground that the defendant
was not insane at the time the crime was
committed.
Miss Aileen Goad and C. K. Mcln tosh were
marri -d yesterday at 5 o'clock at the bride's
;.ce. corner of Washington and Gouph
meets. Rev. Dr. Mackenzie performed the
ceremony.
The sugar refinery cannot u«e up all the
raw material that is eomine from Ilawaii, and
In consequence the 8. C. All^n has been cora
pe'l'd to tie up at Mission Rock to await de
velopments.
The committee of the Chamber of Commerce
t -• with Major Wincheil on the coloniz.i
cheme of the 8a lvation Army effected a
pTinanent organization yesterday and is
ready to posh the plans.
The committee to make arrangements for
I loney in fumi of 25 cents from
each jer-on for the Lincoln monument,
Golden '.a:e I'nrk. met lav night. Success
seems assured in this work.
The introduction of a souvenir lappl button
OI the Carnival oi the Golden Gate, whici was
manufactured in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the
Federate'! Improvement club meeting last
Eight created quite a surprise.
The Alaskan liner City of Topeka is to be
fitted with refrigerating machinery. It will
\<f taking ice to the land of ice and snow, but
then it will be us>-d to keep fresh meat and
vegetables required on the voyage
The Crown of Denmark was towed in by the
Een Q-i-en yesterday, and later in the day was
do- ked at Kfwi«a'ito. This is the vessel's 'third
tr;p to .San Francisco, and on each occasion
Captain "Ike" Smith has towed her in.
At ti e annufil meetimr of the stockholders
of the Southern Pacific Company yesterday all
thp former directors were r<:--e'.ec!ed and G»n
eral Manager Julius Krut'schnitt was elected a
director in place of A. L. Tnbbt, deceased. The
electi'in of officers will take place to-day.
The Free LiDrary trustees have decided to
hold the regular examinations for vacancies
In the library on April 24 and May 1. The
partculars of the examination qualifications,
which include proficiency in the High School
grammar grade of work and literature, wi.l be
published later.
One <■'. the Chinese women recently arrested
fcr a violation of the immigration laws was
examined bflore commissioner Heacr.ck yes
t«-r:ny. She confessed that the statement
Blade when she wm arrested was a he, and
■he told a carefully rehearsed story as io her
being a native of San Francisco.
The wool men are elated over the present
boom in their market. This is the direct
remit of the incoming of tne new administra
tion. It is j,rovj, f . r ity under the old tried-an<l
true standard. Prices have taken a phenom
enal jump, and there is fvery indication they
■vi ill rise tve:; higher and stay there.
The commit.-c-c in charge of the work on the
boulevard refused to allow the workers to par
tnke ot the barbecue provided by Ernest
Poelter of the Trocadero House. The reason
given wa« that it bad taken on the nature of
an advertisement of the roadhouse. The un
employed were on hand in numbers and en-
Joyed the feast.
The regular quarterly rally of the Leagne 'of
the Cross of St. Brendan's Parish will be held
In . c t. Brendan's Hall, Fremont and Harrison
streets, to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. A
splendid programme has been arranged, in
cluding addresses by prominent speakers.
Company H, L. C. C, wiU attend in full
uniform. No admission will be charged, and
all who are interested in temperance are
invited to attend.
NEW TO-DAT.'
%^/ 4 or diseased hearts, that
WOAu nutter and palpitate,
"™ .CUl\' inny readily and easily
be cured and become
Hearts made strong
and ell again with proper treatment and
care. If you suffer from pain in the region of
the heart, if your heart flutters or palpitates, or
you are short of breath after an unusual exer-
tion, or from going upstairs, or if you feel a
mothering, choking . sensation, or have
_ V ■-•-.- 9 weak, hungry spells,
I If* ' iVill^Q you have heart trouble
If I • ITIIICCS and should get
Book on.the ■■ fy
"e^-es f"ee d N©CirL Ctl TG
.Address •
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, lnd.
HONOR TO
A MARTYR
Lincoln's Monument Is
Now Certain to Be
Erected.
ENTHUSIASM FOR THE
. PARK SITE.
An Encouraging Letter From
Robert T. Lincoln at
Chicago.
CIRCULARS TO BE SENT TO TEE
SCHOOL CHILDREN.
Senators White, Congressman LouJ
and Ex-Mayor Pond Commend
the Good Work.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers of the Lincoln Monument National
League at the Occidental Hotel last night
to make arrangements for raising p. suit
able sum of money for a monument of
Lincoln in Golden Gate Park.
Entire unity of sentiment prevailed in
regard to the importance of the monu
ment, both !i9 commemorative of the life
and work of the martyred President and
as an incentive to tbe young to walk the
same paths. The object is to collect a fund
sufficient for the monument in sums of 25
cents from each person.
The following members of the Monument
League were present: Joseph Steele. W.
W. Stone, Elisha Brooks, S. Cohen, N. P.
Herne, C. Mason Kinne, H. C. Dibble,
Eugene Weigand, T. C. Masteller, F. J.
Peck, Peter H. Haas, Charles Edeiman, J.
H. Bautield, J. Murray Bailey. J. Kar
minsky, F. R. Handiey, C. W\ Gordon,
J. J. Lyons.
They composed the executive committee
of the leaei.e. These were met by Mayor
Fhelan and a committee from the Board
of Education, coiwsting of Barrington.
Walker, Head and Reagan, ana a general
conference was held. \V. \V. Stone, prin
cipal o! the Burnett Sctiool, wa« called to
tbe chair and acted as president of the
meeting.
It was decided that the members of the
school board shou'd have charge of the
collection of the 25-cent pieces from the
school children. It was provided that
every one who paid 25 cents should re
ceive a handsome certificate of member
snip in the league, with a vignette of Mr.
Lincoln.
Various opinions were given as to the
best way of reaching the public besides
through the avenue of the newspapers. It
was thought that a concise circular, tell
ing the ooject of the collection some
what in detail and in language suitable to
the understanding of the school chiidren,
should be piinted and circulated by school
superintendents and census marshals.
This was finally decided upon.
A number of leiters were read from
various city and county school superin
tendents approving the organization of
the Monument League and its obiect9.
Letters alike commendatory of the efforts
of the league were received from ex-
Mayor Pond, United States Senator
White, Congressman Loud; Samuel T.
Black, State Superintendent ot Pcblic
Instruction; General T. \V. Sheelian of
the Sacramento Recora-TJnion, and last
but not least from Robert T. Lincoln, ex-
Secretary of War, the oniy living eon of
Abraham Lincoln.
All these letters breathed a strong
spirit of patriotism. Robert T, Lincoln
expressed his grateful thanks for the good
work that had been begun.
Tuere is now no doubt about a large
sum of money being raised here for the
monument. It dees not Hj.peai that there
is an American in all California who will
not be glad to contribute 25 cents toward
the enlerDrise. Mr. Lincoln was, during
the years that the late of the Nation fiune
in a balance, almost revered by the pa
triotic people of this Stale, and his tragic
death hallowed this feeling.
Every one at the meeting last night was
in earnest heart and soul. The letter*
that were received gave the enthu iasm to
work hard and gain this object as early as
possible.
LITIGATION COMMENCED.
Many Suits at Law instituted in the
Superior Court.
Margie Nagle has sued the Market-street
Railway Company for $50,000 damages on
account of personal injuries. She com
plains that on the 7th of la&t Feoruary,
wiii.e on a car owned by the corporation,
the car was so carelessly bandied that she
was thrown down, and that she was
severely and permanently hurt, so that
she will be a cripple for life.
An action at law has been begun by A.
P. Graiter against Rollin Peter Saxe for
$2425 55, alleged to be due on a promis
sory note,
Samuel Laventhal has bean sued by the
South Bend Woolen Company for $774 66.
Leon Dennery has been sued by tue
Golden Rule Mutual Bulliing Association
for the foreclosure of a $1298 40 mortgage
on real estate in this City.
Other lawsuits have been instituted a?
follows: Louisa Schaadt against David
L. Farnsworth for the foreclosure of a $20,
--000 mort age on nine acres of land in the
Schaadt Tract, near the Golden Gate Park,
in this County. Antoine Borel, John J.
Haley, Jane L. Stanford (executrix of the
will of Leland Stanford, deceased). Adolph
Sutro and others are named as co-defend
ants because they claim interests iv the
properly.
l'aul Baenteli against Hadon Harris to
secure a sett Jement of partnership matters
heretofore existing between the plaintiff
and defendant.
I. J. Horan and his wife, Mary Horan,
against the Hibernia Savings and Loa.i
Society for $700. They allege that Mary
Leahy assigned to them her bankbook,
issued by the defendant corporation, but
that the officers of the bank reiuse to
recognize the assignment or to pay the
money.
Ellazeda Thomson against Thomas J.
Holland, Charles H. Holland, George S.
Holland and the German Savings and
Loan SociPty for the partition of reai
estate on York street, near Twenty-filth,
in this City.
A. Souvenir.
The San Francisco and North PAcific
Railroad Company, as a travel-lnducer,
has just Issued one of the most attractive
souvenir pamphlets ever gotten out for
advertising purposes. It is devoted almost
solely to half-tone pictures of the va
rious attractive localities alon<j the line
and bo artistically arranged as to be an
ornament to any table.
To Review .Jintice Cook.
James Mclnerney has applied for a writ of
review to compel Justice of the Peace G. \v. F.
Cook to transmit the record of his proceedings
iv tile case vi J. J. Raver against ihe peti
tioner herein. Mclnerney alleges that he has
not been treated fairly and he asks to have the
mistakes of Justice Cook corrected.
TIIE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8. 1897.
The Bay City Wheelmen's Relay Team, Winners of the Big; One Hundred Mi'e Race Last Sunday.
C. -4. KRAFT, T. A. GRIFFITHS, M.NOONAN, J. L. DAVIDSOX, J. E. WILLIAMSON,
J.R.KENNA, F. R. HALEY, HENRY L. DAY (Captain), BEN NOONAN, A.J.MESNE, ' F. G. LACEY.
"}flhH," thr Bay City Mancot.
[From a photograph by Eoye £ Eabernicht.]
LINDELL HOUSE
IS CONDEMNED
Ordered Vacated by the
Board of Health
Yesterday.
Passing of a Famous Old
Political Cobnization
Hostelry.
Four Hundred and Fifty Little Rooms
That Excited the Physicians'
Disgust.
The old Lindell House, on the corner of
Sixth and Howard streets, famous during
ttie days of Boss Buckley's reign in locai
politics as one of the most notorious col
onization houses in the City, is duomtd.
The relentless hand of the Health Depart
ment has been laid on it and tbe edict has
gone forth that it must be thoroughly
renovated and placed in sanitary condi
tion, and if this is not possible— which is
thought to bt> the case — must be torn
down.
Though not of great size, the Lindell
House contains 4r>o little rooms, where the
helpless wanderer can obtain lodgings at
from 10 to 25 cei.ts per night.
In the palmy days of "push" politics,
when Buckley and other bosses numbered
The Old Lindell House, Famous in ths Days of Political Coloniza
tion, That Has Been Condemned by the Board of Health.
their henchmen by the thousands, the
Lindell House prospered. Just before an
election, and while registration was go
ing on, it fairly teeruei with hobos and
other colonists, who came from all parts
o! the country to share in the spoils of a
municipal election. Every room had one
or more occupants, who went back to
their occupations as "bay-bunkers" when
there was no farther use for their services.
Many a petty and sometimes serious
crime was committed in the Lindell in
those and previous day*, and the police
had frequent occasion to visit it. Of lnte
it has fallen into ilecav. Its accommoda
tions present few attractions except to
those who have been accintonie I to sleep
ing in empty packing-causes and doorways,
and when the health authorities visited it
recently more than half of the little rooms
were vacant.
Dr. Fitzgibbon of the committee on
nuisances reported at the meeting of the
Board of Health yesterday that he had
inspected it and found it in a "rotten,
dilapidated and unsanitary condition."
The bed mattresses were tound in a "filthy
condition, and the stench of some of the
rooms was unbearable." The doctor dis
covered that one roller towel was vouch
safed to eighteen persons, and that it was
u«ed until it became thoroughly damp.
He recommended that the building be
condemned and the tenants ordered to
vacate.
The report was adopted and it was de
cided to order the house torn down unless
it is renovated in a manner satisfactory to
the depsrtment.
The Lindell House is owned by William
Wolf, who has conductad it for many
years past as a cheap transient lodging
house.
The New Children Society.
The second meeting of the Eureka Society
for the Protection of Children was held yester
day. Secretary Frank Hoibrook presented his
report from April 1, which showed fourteen
complaints reoeived, involving eighteen
Children. Kleven cases were investigated
and relief afforded to four children. Three
were placed in institutions. The society
elected twenty-two new members. The ser
vices of Robert Ash trere accepted as the at
torney for the society. The vresidcut. Mrs.
l'ettee, Mrs. Gurnett, Mrs. Rt-ay ana Mrs.
Koberti were selected as a committee on
membership.
NO EXPECTORATIONS.
Judge Campbell la Hi eta a Nominal
Penalty Upon Two Men-Capital
ist Bradbury Arrested.
W. B. Bradbury, the capitalist, for whose
arrest on a charge of expectorating in a
cable-car a warrant was issued Tuesday,
surrendered himself- yesterday morning.
His case was immediately called in Judge
Low's court, a id at his request a con
tinuance was granted for two days. He
was released on his own recoenizance.
Tht capitalist reasserts his intention of
te«tiii>; the constitutionality of the
ordinance if he bo convicted, and the
probability is that he will demand a trial
by juiy.
Jtibu Smith, a brakeman, and C. Mc-
E.ruy, a nurse, were arrested on TllCftday
night on Fiilmore street by Policemen
Hyinan and Ilerintrfor txnectorating on
the sidewalk. They appeared before Judee
Campbell yesterday morning and pltaded
guilty.
Tlie Judue said the law was good and
salutary, und ho intende 1 to uphold it.
The expectorations o f men on the side
walks were swept up by ladies' dresses and
carried to their homes, thereby tending to
breed disease, and for that reason alone
tin* law should be enforced. Ha would
inflict a nominal penalty of $2fH)upon
each without an alternative, as it was the
first offense, but he would be more severe
in future case?.
IN3ANITY AND CRIME.
The Supreme Court Passes . Upon . the
Case or Ernest tielger.
A new trial of the case of Ernest Geiger,
charged with burglary in 1805. was denied
by the Supreme Court yesterday. When
the case was called for trial in the Superior
Court there was a stay of proceedings
asked for upon the ground that the de-
fendant was insane and had been legally
committed to an insane asylum. It seems
that lie w»s committed to the Napa A«v
lum on November 9, 1892, escaped on De
cember 24, 1894. and never returned. No
attempt was made to retake Geiger as the
resident physician nt tho asylum was of
the opinion that he had been restored to
reason. The resident physician had caused
to be chronicled in tho record book the
man's discharge as recovered soon alter
be escaped.
The Supreme Court held that tho man's
corporal presence was not necessary in
tho matter of his discharge. The defend
ant then wanted tie lower court to have
his sanity tested by a jury, but this was
denied, The trial proceeded and Geieer
was convicted. He ask d for a new trial
which was denied, and it was from this
order of denial that he appealed, but to
no purpose as shown.
♦— ♦ — ♦
Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. Nooiian. 1017-1073 Million
- — ♦ — ».
Seven Tears Missing: anil Legally Dead
Louisa Pol«ky obtained a verdict for $2000
la her suit against the Ancient Order of United
Workmen. Her husband, Albert Polsky, was
insured for that amount while residing in
Stockton. Over seven years airo he disap
peared, and has not been seen since. Attorney
H. H. Lowenthal, representing the widow, In
formed the jury that no one was able to say
what bucame of Polsky. but his folks think ne
was assassinated, and that his remains were
disposed of in some secret manner The caso
was In Judge Bahrs' department of the Superior
Court. Judge Bahrs being a member of the
order sued, Judge Troutt presided at the trial
at Judge Bahrs' request.
Hay ford Acquitted.
Attorney George Hayford, accused of «m
--beizllng $135 from Susan ( unmnzham, n.
client, has been acquitted. Judge Carroll
Cook remarked tbat it seemed a proper case
for a civil court to consider. .
I 111 Flit 111. ■ M.iVl-l|
' Estimates furnished. Responsible, reliable
and reasonable. Morton Special Delivery *
• 408 Taylor unset and COo Market street
WILL SELL THE
MURPHY PROPERTY
Adam Grant Has Won
His Big Law
suit.
A Very Important D3cision
Rendered by the Su
preme Court
Tin Only Ressonib'e Msans of Dis
tributing the Property Amon;
the Cla m tats.
The building and lot occupied by the
firm of Miirpliy, Gram & Co. will have to
be sold and the proceeds di?triputed
among the contestant heirs. This con
firms the order of the lower court in the
suit brought by Adam Grant against Dan
iel T. Murphy, Mary Helen Dominguer
and other brothers and sisters, heirs of the
late Daniel T. Murphy and Anna L.
Murphy.
In that action the Supreme Court found
that the property in question is owned in
this proportion: Adam Grant, fourteen
| twenty-fourths; Mary H. Dominguez, one
twenty-fourth; Frances Josephine Mur
phy, one twenty-fourth; Mary Marguerite
Isabella Murphy, one twenty-fourth, and
the heir^ of the late Eugene K. L. Murphy,
one twenty-fourth. The remaining six
twenty-fourths was declared to belonc to
the estate of the late Anna 1,. Murphy,
widow of Grant's former partner, and that
it should go to her heirs. However, the
Supreme Court stated that it was not
wiibin the jurisdiction of that tribunal to
decide who were her heirs. Thnt matter,
| it contended, belongs to the probate de
! partment. where the case is still pending.
This was anything but satisfactory to
several of the parties involved und tue
case went to the Supreme Courr upon the
appeal of Mary M. Dominguez, Frances J.
Murphy and Mary I. Murphy. Tney
made the point in their appeal that the
decree of tho Superior Court did not de
termine, definitely or otherwise, who of
the *everal parties interested are actually
entitled to the interests of the late Anna
L. Murphy.
The Supreme Court in its decision
affirmed the decision of the lower court in
ordering the sale of the property, holding
that it is the only fair and equitable
means of giving to the claimants and con
testants their just deserts. The decision
is a victory ior Adam Grant. In summing
up the case the Supreme Court says:
It would M.-0111 just to allow the sale to be
made, leaving that part of the proceeds which
go to the sucoesors In interest of Anna L.
Murphy, deceased, to awfiit the determination
of said contest in the Probste Court ■ • •
And where, a» in the case at bar, the court
has determined all matters over which it has
jurisdiction and has definitely ascertained all
the interests of all the contestants, except
oniy tho issues between contesting claimants
in tne Probate Court of the interest of a de
ceased cu-ienant, over which issues it has no
jurisdiction, and the premises must be sold in
order to effect a just decision— there is a de
cree of sale, leaving the rithts of said content
log claimants to De determined in the court
having jurisdiction thereof, it is proper, is
warranted by the general law of partition,
and is not violative of any provisiou ol the
code. ___^_________
Mi*. Latham Chitrgnd.
Mr*. Maria Latham, who shot her son-in-law,
Attorney Julian Pinto recently, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on a charpe of as
sault to murder. Pinto is still iv the Cityand
County Hospital, but It is expected he will be
able to appear in court and give testimony
against his mother-in-law.
?? W -. TO-PAT
TRIED MANY DOCf
After All Had Failed, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Cured Him.
•v»'^>.V).\\&V/, WHEN I BOUGHT YOUR BELT I
y\Wi-***& f/?*& l %r^>7^lh**^\\,iti ''had given up all hope of regaining
•^Ti^M^fMmm^^jyK- my health, bains broke n down entirely,
aT /f / wgEia/ '*• !&&,' - \ 'JsT'M' 7/ ft Physically and mentally incapacitated,
fi,' f i^V^f^^*^^**^^^^^/ /*J being unable to do my work, and tortured
ffi^Cffs^ "' '" ■ X >-^'SJ with the idea that there wns no hope for
■S&tdi'^r \ - ' • ivii^i3 me ' l hat ' a severe pain in my back all
■TySSj^AWfft, .'.'>'j[y/ tnelim e. I had tried so many doctors
.'"' l^Tlßar^^lirifr^"^ iTf*™] ' ; I <T without deriving any good result from
bJUs 3^^Sr%s<; an >' of them that l decided nothing of
' ' n TTili|r|| , !^iaSte a >fe^i^&: N * that kina could . do anything for me.
1 . 'ty/Mi^ I , wsfc&' ' • Now, sir, after a fair and thorough trial of
I 1 your Belt, lam completely restored to my
old health. I 1 ■ never felt better in my life, am perfectly .able to do all
my work as it .£&&■ should be done, ana ready ... for anything. I will recom-
mend your ■^ifV'fe- I' e l' cheerfully to any one afflicted as I was. Yours truly,
G. W. AM STEIN,
Foreman St. "^(l^fcc* Nicholas Hotel Laundry, residence 835 Castro St., San Francisco.
Witt DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
And yet people will continue to poison their stomachs with drugs, and will come to Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt as the last and only resort. Lucky is the one who tries it before killing his
stomach with the poisons which some "doctors" give. They were never intended for the human
stomach, and always leave the sufferer worse than wh«-n he bepan. The system needs
STRENGTH, which Dr. S*nden's Electric Belt gives. That is all that is claimed for it— that it
makes the nerves and blood strong and active. When they are so, disease and weaknes* must
leave the body at once. That is how it cures. Dr. Sanden's book. "Three Classes of Men "is
free, closely sealed, by mall or at office. It gives price list.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., KJJW& & s^.
■•■■ Office hours— B A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los An«olo*Offica UO4 aouta iJro*i-
way; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Cola, 935 Sixteenth street '.
■ hV'lts..— .Melte no mistake in in- number— 532 Market street Make note of it.
I>K. SANDY'S EtEOruiC XBUSi CUKES KUPTUKE.
TAKING ICE
TO ALASKA
The Topeka lo Be Fitted
With Refrigerators for
Juneau.
She Makes Monthly Trips Be
tween Alaskan Ice-Fields
and Puget Sound.
Raw Sugar Is P.entiful and Vessels
Cannot Get Berths at tha
R finery.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Umatilla got in yesterday after an un
eventiul trip from Puget Sound. After
landing her passengers at Broadway
wharf Captain Hunter took her to Beale
street to discharge her cargo of coal. It
was one of the prettiest landings ever
ninde on the water front. The steamer
had to dock ahead of a ship that was
moored at the outer end, and in conse
quence there was not more than 200 feet
give and take in which the Umatilla could
maneuver. A Whitehall was in attend
ance ready to tak- the linee. but her ser
vices were not required. With masterly
sfcill Captain Hunier put his vessel along
side, and inside of ten minutes she was
moored and the coal in the holds was be
ing discharged into the bunkers.
The UmatiKa brines the news that the
Alaska steamer City of Topefea is to be
htted with refrigerating machinery.
When old timers in the Alaskan trade
heard of the innovation they laughed, and
one remarked to the other "carrying coal
to Newcastle." On the first Dlush it does
look that way. The Topeka runs up into
the regions of everlasting snow and ice,
and it is to see the glaciers, icebergs and
the ice-clad mountains that excursionists
visit the far north. With ice on all sides
of her it doe 3 seem strange that a steamer
bouna north should be luted out with re
frigerating machinery.
The explanation la a simple one, how
ever. Large quantities of fresh meat, but
ter, eggs and vegetables are sent every
month to Sitka and Juneau on the City of
Topeka. It all goes from Seattle and Ta
coma, and during the summer months it
is very »iard to keep the goods in condi
tion. Ice is plentilul in Alaska, but it is
not plentiful in I'ueet Sound during the
summer. Consequently the steamship
company has come to the conclusion to
put in ice machinery and thus keep all
perishable coods fresh during the trip. A
strange part of the whole matter is the
s;atement that it is cheaper to mate ice
on board the steamer than it is to break it
from an ice-Hoe with axes ana load it into
the vessel's icechest. Such is the fact,
however, and Chief Engineer Lace of the
Dmaiilla will remain over at Port Town
send to superintend the erection of the
machinery. He will be gone only a few
days, and in the meantime F;rst Assistant
J. W-jlters will look after the Umatilla.
The barkentine S. C. Allen, whic'i ar
rived from Honolulu on March 2(5 last
vrith a load of sugar, has none to Mission
Rock to lie up. So miny sugar boats
have pot in of late that the refinery can
not bundle all tne cargoes offering. In
consequence the Allen will tie up along
side the rock until she secures a turn at
the sugar refinery wharf.
The brig W. G. Irwin and the schooner
H. C. Wri.ht also arrived from Hawaii
yesterday with sugar, but, as they have to
take t heir turn after the Allen, it will D 6
some time before they will have a chance
to discharge.
The so ouner R. W. Bartlett goes to the
Union Iron WorKs to-day to take on board
the iron tanks and boilers for thesteamers
now being put together in the Amoor
River. The steamers are stern-wheelers,
and are lo operate in connection with
the Trans-Siberian Railroad. The vessels
were built here and were sent north in
sections. These boilers aie the last con
signment, antt once they are in place and
tested the stern-wheelers will be put in
commission.
The tug Vigilant picked up a direlect
Whitehall ye-terday. Captain John Silo
vich says it was bottom up. but that the
sail was still set and that the oars were
lashed to the seats. As none of the boat
men are missing the chances are that it is
a boat whose sail had been set out to dry
and which during a squall broke away
from her moorings.
Tne new company that is building gaso
line echooners for the near-by coasting
trade is not letting the gras3 grow under
its feet. The Fort Ross trade is already
pre-empted and the schooner Mary C
went out under the new flag yesterday.
She will run regularly until the Call
(named after the owner of Port lloss) is
ready for the route.
The ship Crown of Denmark was towed
into port by the tug Sea Queen yester
day. Tnis is her third consecutive voyage
here and on each occasion Captain lite
Smith, the popular and efficient master
of the Sea Queen, has towed her into port.
Later in tue day tne tugs Vigilant and
Active took hold of the Crown of Denmark
and . docked her in the mud alongside the
Sausallto ferry, where she will discharge
her cargo of Newcastle (N. 8. W.) coal.
The Crown of Denmark took eighty-four
days to mate the run from Australia to
San Francisco.
Many months ago the Uniled States
revenue cutter Hartley lost her propeller
while making a landing at one of the
wharves. Later one of the State's dredg
ers picked it up in one of the buckets and
the men demanded salvage. This Uncle
Sam refused to pay, and a war of words
followed. A suit in the United States
courts was about to be tiled when the men
on the dredger reconsidered the situation
and yesterday they gave up possession of
the propeller.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
has issued the following circular, which
ia self-explanatory:
Special passenger rates on account of La
Fiesta to be he'rt at Los Angeles Apfil 20 to
24, inclusive: Effective April 16. 1897— T0
l'ort Los Angeles. Redondn. San Pedro or East
San Pedro and remrn: From San Francisco
$18. Santa Cruz $16 50, Monterev $16 50, San
Simeon $13 50, Cavucos $12. Port Hnrford
$11 25. GaviotH $7 50, Santa Barbara $4 50,
Ventura $3 25, iiueneme $3 25, San Diego
KS 25. Final limit of tickets Xor return April
28. 1897.
KfcW TO-DAT.
Schilling's Best
Pound Half-pound
Japan 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast 60 30
Oolong 75 4 q
Ceylon 80 40
Blend $1.25 65
Money-back tea
KEW AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A>.Ui(iiA.\' dtOo. (Incorporated) x"ropna.a:i
2d WEEK— ENGAGEMENT OP
OTIS SKINNER
TO-MUhT ------- "HAMLET"
FRIDAY NIGHT,
The New and Successful Itomantic Drama,
"A SOLDIER OF FORTUNE."
Saturday Matinee "ROMEO AND JULIET 1
Saturday Night— Grand Double BiII— '•MER-
CHANT OF VENICE" and "KATHERINE
AND PETRUCHIO."
NEXT WEEK— Third and Last Of
OTIS SKXNIXriErFI..
; Monday and Saturday Evenings,
''RICHARD III." —
Tuesday Evg. and Sat. Mat.,
"Li-A-DY OF* LYONS. 1 "
jjar Seats Now Ready.
SUNDAY, APRIL 18.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S MINSTRELS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
1 Al U a yma.n & Co. (Incorporated) Unseat
GRAND OP A SEASON— The Famous
FRENCH :-: OPERATIC :-: ORGANIZATION!
F. CHAHLKV IMPRESARIO.
FAREWELL NIGHTS and SATURDAY MAT.
POSITIVELY FAREWELL WEEK I
18th SUBSCRIPTION PERFORMANCE.
Friday, April 9 HAMLET
(Benefit HENRI AM'.KUS).
Saturday Matinee, April 10 CARMEN
Saturday Evening, April 10— IMMENSE BILL.
Second act " L'Africnlne," intermezzo "Caval-
lprla Rusticana." third act "La Favorlta. "
overture " William Tell." and for the Grand
Farewell to t oedor, Massenet's Lyric Gem,
"T-iA. NAVARRAISB."
Sunday. Evening, April 11— Grand Poonlar Per-
formance—" i.a Travlata " and a Grand Ballet.
Prices, 50c to $1 50.
TRICDLAfUtR.6OTTU)D a?- u i«3 ahd tvwiAotßS •• •
I.AST FOUR NIGHTS!
LAST MATIN SATURDAY.
MR. and MRS. RUSS WHYTAL
In the Romantio Drama, by Mr. Whytal,
"for pair VIRQINIA"
Original Cast and Complete scenic Production.
SEATS AND BOXES ARE NOW ON SALE
For the Engagement of America's Favorite
Society Actress,
MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN
AND HER ADniRABLB COnPANY
Who Will Present
Robert Buchanan's Charming: Pastoral Drama,
"SQTJIR-E KATE"
Monday Next and All the Week.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUS3
UK* fc.ioijijsTi.N-*: KBILIX3. Proprietor a Maaaj«
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Spectacular Operatic Burlesque,
DON JUAN I
(AD LIB.)
EVERYTHING NEW IN
MIRTH MUSIC DANCE!
NEXT -WEEK!
The Romantic Irian Opera,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY!
(The Colleen Bawn).
Popular Prices 25c and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAL'IKK MOROSC(X..SoIa Lessee and Maaaz«;
STUPENDOUS PRODUCTION
Of the Wonderfully successful Melodrama,
THE! S«TOX\7"-A. I D«r.A." < »"S
A Kealistic Represent ation, with New Scenery,*
Elaborate Appointments and Surprising Effects.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT
Of the Graceful, Sparkling Moubrette,
-MOLI.IK THOMPSON.
Wonderfully Real Yacht Scene:
Heal Safe Blown Open!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
i ANOTHER BOUNTEOUS Birr,! —
TO-NiGHT— First Times of
DELSIOKK and LEE, Kevolvln* Ladder Per-
formers, and TITK.MA. Descriptive Toe-dancer,
In conjunction with BARNES and BISSON.
JOHNNY and EMMA RAY, the 4 COHANS, the 3
RICHARDS, the 3 VILONA SISTERS. MISS
LILLIE LAUREL, WERNER and RIEDEK, and
a Great Olio of .Novelties!
Reserved seats. -'5o; .balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
aDd box-seats, 60c
Concerts In the Orphenm Annex every evening.
ALCAZAR DELIGHTED OUR
HlaUpl&inll DELIGHTED OUR
Belasco&LaFallle.Mys. FOREFATHERS !
One Hundred Years Later It Delights Us:
The Famous Old English Comedy,
"TK7-XI-i:D O.A.TS!"
Superbly Played by the Alcazar Company,
v..: . Including
' GEORGE OSBOURNE and HUGOTOLAND.
Our Popular Prices. Seals by Telephone, Black 091
DACING! RACING! RACING.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, April 5, to April 17, Inclusive
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Eaclng Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
ihursiliiy, Friday and Saturday.
italnor shine.
FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
<— Races Start at 8:15 P. M. Sharp—
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 sc. an!
12:30, 1 .00, 1:30. 2:00, 2 :30 and 3 P. M.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to tmclc
Buy your ferry tickets 10 Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:15 aal
• 4:45 p. m. and immediately alter the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jft, President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
i ■
LURLIXE SALT WATER BATHS,
Cor. Bush and Larkinsts.— Recent Improvements.
KNAMKLKW SWIMMING TANK.
. Additions to Tub Department. .
Admission, 10c. Admission. Including swim, 25c
Open Day and Evening.
SUTRO BATHS.
GRAND MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
All children wishing to take part call at Scottish
Had. Larkin and Grove streets.
SUTRO BATHS.
i OPEN DAILY-7 A. M. TO 6 P. M.
■ Grand Concert livery Sunday Afternoon.
General Aamlsslou, 10c; Children. 5a
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVKNINQ,
: GRASD -OPE.UIR- PERFORMANCES!
ANIMATOSCOPE Every Nlghu
, ADMISSION, 10c. CSiiLDK^N, So,
78
I. W. LEES,
CHIEF OF
POLICE
Patrick Crowley Retires
From the Cares of
Office.
HIS RESIGNATION AC
CEPTED LAST NIGHT.
Captain Lees Succeeds Him
for the Unexpired
Term.
BEN BOHEN APPOINTED CAP
TAIN OF DETECTIVES.
Sketches of the Lives of the New
and the Old Chief and the
Other Appointee.
Patrick Crowley, Chief of Police, has at
last retired from the cares and responsi
bilities of office after nearly a quarter of a
century's service.
Ever since the death of his son, about a
year ago, when he tendered his resigna
tion and afteward withdrew it, he has felt
tbe burdens of office irksome and he made
no secret of his intention to retire when
ever the opportunity presented itself.
The passing of tbe amendment to the
pension act, making the twenty years'
■ervice the aggregate instead of consecu-
EX-CHIEF OF POLICE PATRICK CROWLEY.
tire, paved the way for him, and he only i
waited for the settlement of a business
proposition for the consummation of that
which be so devoutly wished.
The Commissioners were reluctant to
part with him, as they, by their iong as
sociation with him, knew of his sterling
wort a and realized how difficult it would
be to select one to fill so fully the require
ments of the office, but he was deaf to
their persuasions, as he was backed up in
bis resolution by the entreaties of nis
family.
Last night after the Police Commission
ers bad disposed of several cases they
formed themselves into a pension board
and the following letter was placed before
them:
To the Honorable Board of Police. Pension Fund
Commisxionet « of the (.ity and County of San
Francisco— Gentlemen: i, the undersigned,
respectfully make this, my application to be
retired on a pension under the provisions of
section 3 of an act of the Legislature of the
btate of California, entitled an act to create a
police relief, health aud life insurance and
pension lund in the several counties, cities
and countiei, cities ana towns of the State,
approved March 4. 188;>, us amended by an
act of the Legislature of the State of Cttlifofnia,
•ntitled au act to amend an act entitled an
act to create a police relief, health ana lite in
surance and pension fund in the several
counties, cities and counties, cities and town*
of the approved March 4, lßß9, approved
March 2. 1897.
I »ji over t»0 years of ace. I was born on
the 17th day of March, 1831, in the city of
Albany. State oi New York. I have served for
twenty years and more in the aggregate, to
wit: For more than twenty-four years and
four months in the aggregate as a duly selected
and sworn member, and as a duly appo.nted
and sworn membi-r, and in the capacity and
rank of Chief of Police oi and in the regular
Police Department oi tue City and County of
Ban Francisco. 1 was duly selected and sworn
as »uch member, to-wit: As sucn Chiei of
Police of and in said Polio Department, and
was duly appointed and sworn as such mem
ber, to-wit:
As such Chief of Police of and in said Police
Department I do now hold and have held eaid
rank of Chiei of Police in said Police Depart
ment for the period of one year next preced
ing the -.laic of this application and have held
said rank of Chief of Police in said Police De
partment for and during said iweniy-four
yean and four months and more.
Permit me to avail myself of this oppor
tunity to tender to your honorable board my
heartfelt thanks for trie great kindness, es •
teem and courtesy that your honoraDie board
has uniformly manifested to me. Hoping
that this application will receive your appro
bation, I am, with great esteem, your obedi
ent servant, P. ceowley.
Dated this 7th day of April, 1897.
After about half an hour Sergeant Mof
fitt was called in and was instructed to
ask Captain Lees to appear before the
board. Tue captain remained in the
boardroom for some minutes and retired.
Then the Commissioners quietly slipped
away and Captain Healy came out and
announced that Chief Crowley nad retired,
that Captain Lee« had been appointed to
fill the unexpired term, which ends on
December 1, and that Detective Ben
Boben bad been appointed Captain of Dj
tectives, vice Lee«.
When the Cm-sf returned to his office for
the last time as Chief and friend « crowded
in to see him his voice cnoked and he
could not speak. He nas scarcely recov
ered from the effects of the utomaine
poison and tbat combined with the sever*
CHIEF OF POLICE I. W. LEES.
ance of so many ties that bound him to the
department for so many years completely
prostrated him and friends could only
show tneir sympathy by a warm pressure
of the baDd. He did not remain long, but
went borne accompanied by one of his
daughters.
Poiice Commissioner Tobin stated nfter
the meeting last evening that Chief Crow
ley's resignation was handed in in accord
ance with ths plan that was outlined S( v
eral months ago when the Chief's health
showed signs of failing.
"Captain Lees, his successor," he said,
"was elected for the unexpired term of the
Chief's office, which runs about ten
months longer. Whether he will be re
elected at that time is beyond my power
to say."
Detective Bohen, who has been raised
to the rank of Chief of Detectives, holds
office indefinitely, at the pleasure of the
Board of Police Commissioners, there be
ing no stated term.
THE EX-CHIEF'S RECORD.
Something About the Head or the
Department, Who Has Grown
Cray In the Service.
Chief Crowley was born in Albany, N.
V., on March 17, 1831, and two years later
his father removed to New York, after
his mother's death. When a boy he was
employed in a printer's shop, and when
19 he came to this City on the steamer
Carolina on May 6, 1850. He went to the
mines for a year or two and returned to
the City and engaged in the boating, busi
BEN BOHEN, the New Chkf of Detectives.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
ness for a short time. In 1852 he tried his
luck at mining again, but returned the
following year am* again started in the
boating business.
In 18r>4 ho was elected to the office of
Town Constable, which he held by elec
tion until 18H6, when he was elected Chief
of Police. He was elected to the position
until 1873, when he retired and went into
the stockbrokerage I usines». . By an act
of the l^etfislature in 1878 the Board of Po
lice Commissioners received the nower to
appoint the Chief of Police, and he was
prerailed upon to accept the office. He
lias held it ever since, being appointed
every two years, his last appointment
being December 1, 18H5.
The Cnief proved iiiinself on many oc
casions a brave an J fearles-* man, and one
who by his personal magnetism inspired
others to deeds of bravery. The first mat
ter ot any importance that he handled as
Cnief was the tjueiling of the Potrero riots
ajtamst thb Chinese in 1806. Then fol
lowed the exposure and breaking up of
the powerful whisky ring. In 1870, oy his
present eof mind and bravery, lie quelled
a riot and saved Quinn, tbe murderer of
Maggie Ryan, from being lynched. But
the greatest mob that he ever handled
Muccessiully was tbe one that attempted
to take Aleck Goldenson, the slayer of
Mamie Kelly, while on his way to the jail
on Broadway.
THE NEW CHIEF.
Isaiah W. Lees, at Whose Name
the Most Hardened Crim
inal Quails.
Chief I. W. Lees is one of the oldest, if
not the oldest police officer in the United
States, and possibly in the world. There
is no officer or deieotire on the globs who
is better known, and he is regarded by all
in his line as an authority on criminal
matters. Forty-two years ago Lses was a
plain patrolman in this City.
In several encounters he was severely
wounded, and to-day he carries as many
bwllet and knife wound scars as he tias
lingers and thumbs. His early work was
on the Barbary Coast, then the toughest
place in the West. Among the young
officer's early exploits was in 185fi, when
he achieved prominence in arresting
James I*. Casev. the siayer of James Kine
of Willinra, editor of the .Bulletin, and
getting the man-killer away from the mob.
Chiei Lees was born in England in 1829
and came 10 the United Stales when a
baby In his mother's arms. Tde family
sett.cd in New Jersey. His father died
when Lees «ab a very small child and the
youngster was thrown upon his own re
sources. At a very early age he worked
in a ropew:dk and later peddled tinware
in New Jersey. When only 20 years
of age Lees came to ban Fran
cisco with his friend John Nightin
gale and on hi-j way traveled in
Mexico. He came to San Francisco in
1849 and later worked in tlie mines at
Horseshoe Bar on the American River.
Toil did not suit his taste, for he came
back to San Francisco and followed his
trade of machinist, learned before leaving
the East. In 1553, througn the influence
of his friend Nightingale, he got on the
police force and three years later he was
promoted to detective.
The New Chief of Detectives.
Ben Boiien, the new captain oi detec
tives, was born in 1833. He joined the
department on September 19, 1861, *nd
although he did detective duty for several
years it was not till December, 1878, that
he was officially appointed to that posi
tion. He always had the entire confidence
of Chief Crowley and Captain Lee?*, who
looked upon him as an able, painstaking
and efficient officer.
Antwerp is planning a nautical exhi
bition for 1899.
JOOST MAY HAVE
MADE A STRIKE
He Finds Native Mercury
on His Twin Peaks
Property.
•
The Discovery Made While a
Lot Was Being Exca
vated.
Preparations Under Way for Devel
oping and Testing the Mine
Imm diately.
Ben rend Joost, the street railway build
er, says he has discovered p quicksilver
mine in the vicinity of Twin Peaks which,
if it developes as he thinks it will, is cer
tain to prove of immense value.
Mr. Joost called at the Sriate Mining
Bureau yesterday and exhibited a bottle
of the product of his mine and Assistant
Secretary Durdan, who examined the con
tents of the vial carefully, pronounced it
native mercury.
He declared that if it could be found in
sufficient quantities Mr. Joost had a for
tune in store for him.
The discovery of the mine was wnolly
accidental. Mr. Joost owns considerable
property in the vicinity of Twin Peaks
and in the neighborhood of the western
most *md of the Market-street cut.
At the latter place ne ha? bad some
men at work for several days excavating
a lot. One of the;*e men noticed, so Mr.
Joost says, that wherever the ground was
broken little globules of a silvery liquid
formed and rolled about playfully. He
did not know what thin subbtance was,
but reported tht matter to Mr. Joost. It
did not lake the latter long to recognize
tl)f stuff as mercury.
Queer enough, there are no indications
of any cinabar, from which quicksilver is
usually extracted, about the piace. The
rock lormaiion in the lot — or mine, as
Mr. Joost hopes to call it — is a species of
quartz, or serpentine rock.
In order to secure the native mercury
wnen it is found in this State the process
is to crusii the rock, thus liberating a great
deal of the valuable proauct, and then
con-ign the pulp to a retort for tne bal
ance.
Mr. Joost »ays he intends to have a thor
ough investigation made in order to ascer
tain just what hi- discovery amounts to.
Fighting Ah lf.nL.
Ah Fook, laundryman. drew a pistol on a
fellow-countryman la Bartlett alley yesterday
afternoon, ana was placed under arreit on two
charges, assault with a deadly weapon aim
carrying a concealed deadly weapon.
Liquor Men Attached.
The Pacific Wine and Liquor Company was
attached yesterday on the complain t of the H.
Kautorowicz Company, for $'2317 92 claimed
to be due for goods furnisned the defendants
within the past two years.
lEW TO.DAT:
Many persons suffer from mL
headache and neuralgia, V
~m which are caused by strain- \
ed vision, and could be t
w cured by use of proper m
i glasses, though ordin»ry \
ft spectacles would be useless. d
m Our expert opticians tell \
• you exactly wnat your eyes \
m need, and we charge you V
m nothing for the examina- /
V tion. %
V A. NOBBUAS. I. NOBDMAX. /
I STANDARD OPTICAL CO., 2
% 217 Kearny Street, S. F. "■■
The ~~
Worst
Cases Cured
/^^ii>=^ TTAVE YOU A BAD
/2&/flsr'^^\. ca«e which other
fjsllMr \ physicians have ex-
'*\Ql2~ _\ pprinii-nted upon and
lMKfi -jj^Sfcrftfrv lulled to cure? If so,
"■pfyy A_^vSy do not give up in
«!a.*"xi I ' iilCfc despair. Donotcon-
*™-ir. '•*$&!!$& ( ' emn n " physicians
1 'jw 1 '! fly*3isl ecau " e some ordi-
J. Ss &3& I^l*' U|* nary practitioner has
>hL HnHMr disappointed you.
1 Bwst^>l '1 n ° well-known and
f^^^iw^Bl w^rx reliable specialist,
•*fi»\M" J *> • Doctor Cook, cures
(DOCTOR COOK.) w hen others fail.
Hi* thoughts are continuously with stub-
born cases and their remedies. He can
cure you if any power on earth can.
Suffering Women.
is not only sympathy, but help lor you.
There is no earthiy reason why you should
longer en. lure the miseries arising from
Irrecu!aritles, Periodical Headaches, Fall-
ing or Displacement of the Womb, Leucor-
rliu-n. Nervousness, Hysteria mid like ail-
ments, which rob you of your strength,
h?alth and beauty, and make you prema-
turely old. In sacred confidence,, tell
everything to Doctor Cook, who is an ex-
pert on all Female Complaints.
U/p'iL- Mart Young, middle-aged and
vvcdtv iV&eil, old wno have violated
the lawn of nature: You are now reaping
the result of your former folly. Many of
you have Evil Dreams. Exhausting Drains, '
Impotency, Atrophy or me Wasting Away
of the Organs, Lost Manhood; Weak,
Aching Back; Frequent, Painful Urination
and Sediment in Urine; Pimples, Nervous-
ness, Sleepießsnesi, Bush ml ness, Despond-
ency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition or simi-
lar symptoms. In brief, your body, brain
and s-cxuhl organs have become weak.
Doctor Cook can restore to you what you
have lost— YOUR PRECIOUS MANHOOD.
He can fit you for pleasure, study, busi-
ness and marriage, ami send you out Into
• the world with life anew. ■
\7ji rir*r»r»*>l» ' Hydroceie, ' Gonorrhoea,
- V ai ICUWCIC, -Gleet, Stricture and Syph-
ilis completely cured by Doctor Cook in
• the shortest possible time. '
k^tHnpv B. adder, Ur nary. Liver, Stom-
<VlUllw> , scht Heart and Lung Diseases;
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and Brain Dis-
' eases; Blood and Skin Diseases, and Piles,
Fistula. Rheumatism.Rupture and Chronic
Catarrh permanently cured by the latest
and best methods known to medicni
science.
Mail Trentmpnt Always satisfac-
XTLdll 1 rcdimeni lory Therefore
write if you cannot call. Free Book on
, nervous and sexual diseases to all describ-
ing their troubles. Office hours: 9 to 12
a. m., 2to 5 and 7toB p. m Sundays i rom
, •• 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR rftMT 865 Market St.
Vli \j\} UIL San Francisco, CaV.
'% \^W -">^^B-^^^^^W IT IS DAME FASHION'S CAPRICE TO
S>i>^%V^rSP^Wfc^^^ 1 FOR THE " EARLY DAYS OF SPRING.
Vv^^^^^%^w^ you with the styles upon which she has set the stamp of
■ her approval as regards shade or shape, and GENERAL UP-
/Yf\^ xJIW 1 ' TO- DATE NESS. Early season's prices are totally ignored by us. Our
pf ' policy in condjcting our immense establishment never varies. Little
Prices are one of the important features that have made us what we are.
THE "WOWDBR, 1026 3^la,r3sLet St.
NO BK,A.3STOKC STORSS. . .
IHGHLUD SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
r"
New hotel erected thi< Rprinir Lighted by Klec-
trlcity. 1 Inest rllnlnij-rooQi north of Mm Fran-
cisco. The greatfst variety of mineral vpritißs in
America. Waters unsur|ia.ssed lor health or
pleasure. Baihlnß, biatin^. nuntin? ana tlshinu-;
s«iiiiini:iK tank, ilan Ing. lawn teauls, croquet.
biliiarcs. tM)»ling, etc.
TAX. ST UK ATPIKTA, SHORTEST AND
BKST KOUTK TO ALL POINTS IN LAKK CO.
Koiind trip from San Francisco $8.
Kates $10 to $lt> per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager.
P. F. Office— 3l U Montffom.ry hU
A lady 43 years of age, residing at Perrysville, Ohio,
says : " Any one who saw me about six months ago never
thought I would be alive to-day. I looked like a ghost, and
I couldn't eat or sleep on account of having malaria so bad.
I had chronic indigestion, was dizzy about all the time
Medicine did not help me any. I spent so much on doctors
I was clear discouraged. A neighbor told me about
Ripans Tabules
so I bought a package at the drug store. I got better from
the first dose. Now lam able to do all my housework myself
1 tell everybody to use Ripans Tabules and save doctor bills."
OR, MARTIN'S GREAT PI
I OF THE AGE
IS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia Dvsen.
£ry, Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat? Pneumonil
Nervous Complaints, Liver ana Kidney Complaints, Sciatica
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs. Local and General^Debility Head'
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache
2, S s el !i n^ Bo^ ; S T B ' m . CCrS ' Colic > Cramps, Sprains',
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchings and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
v . L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose Cal
'•■■■■-('■ ■ - ' '■"■■■■■■ •■■'"". ■'. ~~~ ' ' ■ -
Ol# A nOAI HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf II I I V 7 *° • only 41 /2 hour* from
■ all 64 If 31 !Sa-1 iranciico, and but 9
VlinyVJV miles' staging. Waters
[ noted for their medicinal virtues and gencrtily
I conceded to be the finest natural bath water in me
■-tate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express; well-stocked trout streams. Hound trio
from ban Francisco only $5 60. lake libnron
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 P. if. Terms, $2 a day
or $12 a week.
.T. F. Mrt.GRKW, Proprietor
00000000-00000
AN EXCELLENT
If 7TT7 A T Properly prepared and
IVI l\./"\ I promptly served, can
** lI " i -^ X *••*-** always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T~\ AT A •"^T""*
Most Popular MAI A I H
Dining Apart- ■■■ iIL/AVjlj
tnent in town. B^^ |^ EB _ ]a| _ I _ z _ ] _
00-000-00000000
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHWESTERNffiDTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MIIAVAUKEK, IN THE STATE OF Wis-
consin, on the 31m day of .December, A. V.
1836, and for the year ending on that day. maae
to the Insurance Commissioner of th? State of
California, iiumuant to the requirements of sec-
tion 613 of too Political Code of said Stats.
OAPHAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid np
In 1 .1.1 1. ; 9 ;
As SKIS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company ;..... 91,814,791 83
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Ksi'ate 66,871 974 65
Premium note* find loans in any
form taken In paymeut of pre-
Hiiinni on policies vow in force.. 886,394 03
Cmeh market value of all stocks
and .Bonds owned oy the Com-
pany 14,613,770 96
1 Amount of ('ash on hand In Com-
pany's ollice 126,840 72
Amount ot Cash deposited In
Bunks 1,794.443 »6
Interest due and accrued 1,031, 44
Rents uue and seemed 160 »d
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess or collection, and of deferred
premiums 1,567,146 39
Cash loans t 1 pollcr-holtierson this
Compitny's ; o'.iciea assigned as
collateral 3,817.235 00
ToUl Assets $92,683,603 74
LIABILITIES. ~' ~~
; ClMms for death losses and ma-
I tured endowments, due and un-
! iid -• $76.670 60
. Claims for death losses and ma-
; tured enlowments In process of
j adjustment, or adjusted bat not
due 184,856 00
Claim-, r»-.tnt«>ri 1. , the Company... 22,70U 0U
»: present value on alt [lie out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to tn- combined Kxperi-
j inoe labes of .Mortality, with " "> ' .'T.f -'
four per cent in:erest 72,601,674 00-
Amoutii. of all unpaid dividends to
I policy-holders 102,170 00
Present value of amounts not yet
due 0:1 matured installment poli-
cies ; 86. '-'76 47
All other demands against the
Company 49.349
Total .Liabilities ..$73 122,5ytiT0
INCO3IK. ■'.
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the year $1,771,950 53
Cash received tor rjn-wal of pre-
miums during the year 12,479,473 49
Cash received for sale ot annuities. 1 1,750 26
Cash received for iuteres 4,182,703 32
Cash receive t for rents 124, b0d 99
Cash received from all other
sources „ 19.140 87
Total Income $18,589,828 48
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,058,670 74
Cash paid to annuitants 3 o*6 "8
Paid for surrendereJ policies 880 "62 18
Paid for dividends to policy h01d-
era.. ....;...... ............. 1 37 ' 6**7 HI
Premium notes voided by lapse ' lii>Bl6B
Commissions paid to agents 1,531, 335 74
salaries and her compensation of
ufflors and employes, except
agents medical examiners... 3:6 739 48
Medical examiners' fees and sal- '
aries •■. : 119.198 78
Caih paid tor taxes '* £3147,07
1 ash paid for rents ™ 33,0^0 00
lain (.aid : or commuting commis-
sion* •••........,...... °8 209 85
All other cash payments .'.".'. 49.,'29d OS
Total Expenditures during the ~~
y tar $9,146,783 43
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and
other premium ob-
it. atious at b'gin-
nlnt; of th- year.... 5418. 301 84
Premium note* and
oth-r premium ob-
ligations received
during the year. 87 7°4 35—
Total ...' »500 026 19
Deductions during the year as
follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium ob-
ligations vied in
payment of losses
and claims $19,435 44
Amount of notrs and
other premium ob-
ligations us-. 1 in
pure 1 ase of surren-
dered policies 7,356 76
Amount of notes and
other premium 00-
-iizatlous used in
payment or divi-
dends to ' policy-
holders 06,002 71
Amount of notes and ...
I Cher premium ob- ■
ligations voided by
lapse or policies 10 881
Amount of notes and
other premium oh.
li>;utio'is redeemed
by mftker in ca5 ...... 25 055 57—
lota! re! ion of 1-remium-
Note Account • 119,632 18
Balance, no c assets at end of *
lneve " r <386 394 03
H. r.. PALMKR, President
J. W. .SKi.N.VKU, Secretary.
I of^orua??! 1897 . Vy ° m l ° befOr ' me lh ' S '. 3d d *?
i: H. SAXBURS, Notary Public.
CLARENCeTm. SMITH,
«ENKBAL AGENT,
Rooms 110, 112, 114, Phelan Building,
San Cisco, Cal.
hjii.i.i.a^, fh1 M
ili! AVFeYfil! f°, c Tnrout, runples ' Copper-H
,«lrtll. i UU Colored fpots, Achea, bid Bores
*sblc€rs in Moctli. liair-Kalllntr' Write rnnnf
fflChlcajio lU.. for proofs of cures. Cupljl
|al,8«)O,COO. Worst canes cured In lsH
SL^w^*l[Mlli?iiMinM^ifi« bOOk **
ri \% iOT G °aor^hoea,
e%~*3r a 1 10 ° laT5 - 'Ss W fates, unnatural is-
£^^Pr«yeau eonttgion. tioti nf ™ ' or T l lwra '
RStTKEEvANSCHEHtGiino. rane 8 . Xm^ttf™?
'Sjgl^lNCiriNATI.O.gSySJ Sold by Ora^gj,.
T^jk. v - 3- a. Jfyr sent in plain wj p
"^***K*»^% v JB caicular seat otTm «MfcRECREATION WON
THE LAST JUMP
Thorpe Took the Stake
Event With Morello's
Daughter.
A Fair-Si'z'd Crowd at Emery
ville Picked Only a Few
Winners.
Pat Dunne Bought To/are Out of a |
Silling Race— Mobalasca Downed
Pat Murphy in a Drive.
Recreation, a daughter of the dead
Morello, captured the stake event for
two-year-olds at Emeryville yesterday by
the narrowest of margins from Michael.
"With winning penalties accrued she car
ried 120 pounds and coupled in the bet
ting with Miss Rowena, the pair were 3 to
5 favorites. The latter filly was sent out
to make the running, and led Gypceiver,
the Morris entry, to the paddock. Here
"Ekeets" Martin on Michael urged his
mount to the front, and Thorpe, astride
Recreation, perceiving that it was all off
with the statue's other representative, be
gan riding his' mount hard. Michael
hung on in bulldog fashion, and was
only nosed out the last jump in the fast
time of 55 seconds. When looking to
have a royal chance, Gypc«iver was inter
fered with by Michael a furlong from
home, but Willie Martin's claim of foul
was disallowed.
At yesterday'i drawing but fourteen
bookmakers weighed in, and these bandied
all of the money bet very comfortably.
The atiendance was fair, but the card
looked li&e tough timber and no great
amount of plunging was indulged in by
spectators. Favorites had decidedly an
off day, winning but two races.
. After Mobalasca, owned by Ed Corrigan,
had downed the 0 :o 10 favorite, Pat Mur
phy, sporiing the red, white and blue
Sprecke.s colors, a large crowd gathered
around the judges' stand in expectation
of seeing some sport in the way of a
"boost, '' a? the race was decided under
selling conditions. They were doomed to
disappointment, 'or when the mare, which
was entered ior $400, was put up to be sold
the expected raise was not forthcoming.
Later in the day the last event decided,
over seven furiones, Tulare, owned by A.
B. SpreckeJs, a 30 to 1 shot in the bet
ting, succeeded in beating both the 7 to 10
iavonte, Osric 11, and the 7 to 5 second
choice, Suisun. \Vhen DUt up to be sold,
entered for $400, the geldine was bid up to
|800 by Pat Dunne, and changed owners,
the stable evidently being satisfied to let
iiim go. It was undoubtedly a scratch vic
tory, as the two choice* raced their heads
off, and were both groggy at the saddling
paddock. Slaughter then came on from
third place with the outsider ana beat
Suisun a head.
The opening six furlong selling scramble
went to Dr. McAllister, a 7 to 1 chance,
ridden by Stevens. The Texas horse
headed Monitor Into the stretch and at
t vs end led NerToso out a bead in I:l6*£.
Little Scot, backed down lrom 20 to 1, was
a c:ose ibird.
Corrigan's Islington colt, Flasbington,
was a 7 too choice for the nrit two-year
old run at four furlongs, bat finished no
i etter than ihird. Away well, Bliss
Kucker cut out the running, and in a hard
drive got the decision over Torsida by less
than a length. The latter carried the
educated coin.
The roan sprinter, Pat Murphy, had a
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack, Wednesday, April 7. Sixty-sixth Day of
the Winter .Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
l^f)T FIKST BACK— Three-quarters of a mile; telling; four-year-old» and up: parse $300.
■ Bone. age. weight.
St.
Betting.
Op. CI.
Index.
Flo. I
387
7-29
Hi 6
Mid '
765
718
723
700
820
724
813
750
730
566
669
Dr. McAllister, 6.100
Xervoso 5 103
Little Scot, 6 103
Thelma, 6 100
Sea Spray, 5 100
Monitor, 107
Heartsease. 4 105
Last Cuance, 6... 107
Perhaps. 4 10U
Big Chief, 4 IUO
Billy McCloalcy.4.lo6:
Don Plo Pico, 4.. .100
Me Xac, 4 105
Banjo. 6 100
latbele. 4 105 j
8
11
3
2
2!
4
1 1
l\
5
6
I
9
13
12
14
16
10
I
!
I
I
I
i
32
7 1
61
41
6
1
9
8
2
12
11
13
I 14
i 15
i 10
2 1
71
61
4 1
51
1 2
8
9
31
11
15
10
13
14
12
In
f> 1
4 2
6 2
7
25
8
9 -
34
12
11
14
15
10
13
1 h
2 h
33
4 a
6 3
6%
7 2
84
9
10
11
12
13
14 ■
16
Steven*
Snider
JReidy
C. Slaughter
! B. Isoiju
Shaw
• H. Brown
H. Martin.
K. Jones
Thompson- ....
liozeman..
I Lane
Parker...
J. shields.
I Frawiey... ,
6
10
20
3
4
15
30
5
6
SO
30
100
60
15
80
6
10
8
•1
4
20
30
10
5
60
60
300
40
40
40
i i
1 :
I '
I I
Mood start. Won driving.
l:16i/i.
Winaer. W. L. Stautield'a eta. g., by SmjTt-Mn. McAllister. Time,
nn/) cf.tO.Mj KACt- Half mile; two-year olds; Durse $360.
Jjt6"x.
Horse, weight.
Jockey.
814 Bliss Rucker 108 I
B'JO Torsida 105 9
794 FlDsbington .108 6
Dick 108 8
£06 Old Jack 105 4
7h:: Duke of York 11.113 3
814 Juan de Rio 11l 1
Marvelous 105! 7
814 Hertha...: 108 5
JK»y Heath 100 Lft
I
I
I
I
!
I
I
I
I
1 Vj
6 1
31
8
71*
7 1
5 1
9
B%
I i
13
63
3 2
6 I
3 2
h"
71
9
42
I*6 1
26
li
4 2
5Va
I] !
73
8 10
9
: Henorssr..
H. Martin j
W. Martin
Eno*
H. Brown ;
.Snepard. ........ i
H. shields ;
Snider. I
Macklln i
Shaw ,
I 2
6
1
10
2U
ao
wo
1-20
30
I VZ
2
4
7-5
7
100
50
60
40
150
40
:::::::
i
! I
i
I
! I
Bad stare
Woo drlvinc. Winner, Burns & Waterbouse'i b. c. by ealvator-lrin. Time, :49V^.
Qf)7 IHH-U *A>-
: purse 8300.
Index. l
adex.i Horn*, age, weight. St. |
808 Mobalaslca, 4.... 109 ti
808 Pat Murphy, 5... 107 2
788 '(Id Buchanan, B 105 6
7*>9 M»*oero. 4. 107 4
713 Klcardo. 6 107 1
721 Toano. a 106 3
«93 Madrone. 6 102; 7
755 Frank Jaiibert. 4.107 5
793 sir 1 d >ard, 6....100 9
(5*3) Rejected, 4 107 lo
7»6 Vcvb, 4 98: 1)
813 lArnette, 5 98: 12
92
21
6*
!::::::: $1*
74
3 2
•• ! lh
! 10
6y 3
• ; 8h
12
11
6 1
I l *
71
41
U J,
9 1
x 10
10
12
11
4 1
1 3
6 1
j 3 1
8 1A
51
2h
9
71
i 10
11
12
lb
2 2
3h
4 1
6 11)
61
7 1
86
9
10
11
12 '
; lie tune.
Jockey. Op. ii.
W. Martin 8 6
H. Martin 1 4-6
Slaughter 6 8
Bozenian..'. 15 21)
whepard 16 25
Ucnnessy. 4 7
Lynch. 100 300
J. f-hirlds. 60 40
t'owfll 100 300
rreyfus. 100 500
0'N011...... i 100 300
Isom 1 12 15
Jockey.
Good start. Won driving. Winner, E. Corrlgan's br. m.', by Apache-Trloksoy. Time. J :15V4-
COO KOUIiTH RACK- Nlne-slxteentns of a mile; General Arthur Cigar
OZO. purse 81260. /; ' ; . "-:-
lr.(!ex.
ti6*x. Horse, weight. St. '*/4
(772) Kecreation ISO 4
HU Michael 106 6
7.0 Gvpcelvrr. 108 8
(738) Miss i;oKcn» HO : 2 j
814 Imperious 1011 6 1
929 r.ony Murphy.. .lol I
V*
43
■ b
■ S
:. i
4 6
3 1
63
6
45
•J 1
a m
i •_'
B _
6
1 it
2 3
n
4 6
5 .
6
Betting.
Jockey. Op ci.
Thorpe 1-2 3-5
H. Martin 0 «
iW. Martin...... 4 7-2
Jones -•' *
Klat>£hter 12 18
1 som 30 60
• .<>od st»rt. Won djivlng. Winner,
•< onpled i- It h Recreation.
b. 1, by Morello-I'ic Nlc. Tlm«,
cog tmn
It***. ilor«». age. weight Kt- 1 s-M.
34
Btr.
81l li'reachery, 4 100 2 Sh
BJ6 Uf! Paso 11, 4. ...116 1 2%
gltJ Phut 11. 6 10H 4 12
yvO Huiapur. a ...;.. .103 8 11
816 J.«ouvil:i>, 6 105 7 i 9
«87 Mamie It, 4 94 a 11
7*3 Mary Nleves. 4.. 94 1 9 13
8121 Ik«JU6 ....103 10 •4 h
7>20 Kooadaln, 5 itO 8 7 1
708 I'odwa.a 116 11 81
414 i>anniP E. 6 9K 12 110
658 Oov. Budd; -4....V 96 6 62
77*. liver* Aa. ... 108 18 6 1
723 iZylpba, 4 100. 14 14
61
•1 b
11
9
7 1
l 1
12
8n
8
13
10
L 61
!i4 4^
4 1
2 h
9
8
.'. 1
1 1 i
10
3h |
13
li
6
l'»
14
3 2
1 l!
91
a 1
4 1
2 1*
10
7 1
11
91
12
8
13
14
I SI 1
1 2
6 1
61
4 1
3 1
7
0
8
10
12
11
13
14
2^
36
4 2
b 1
61
7
8
I
6
10
11
It
13
14
Miaugnter
Coaily
btilder. ».•..
Stevens
Hentiessy
Ilnm
Keldy
! Dreyfus
Mltchel
■car berry
It T>.n..._
1
6-2
6
4 6 ,
4i
15
25
40
15
' 1 1
I 60
| 60
40
! 60
50
1
2
4
40
15
15
100
20
300
100
luo
100
100
100
'H Brown
;r.Mdy
W. VV'OOJs
■*rawley
Perfect Btaru Won driving. Winner, J. G. Brown A t'O.'s b. m., by Hanover-Deceit. Time,
1 :55» /4 .
830. eIXTH
a milt;
puna $3&0.
Index. Horse, trelcht.
805 Tv are 107
817 Suisan 105
813 "■!.• II 110
801 Personnel J lO
821 Qi.lntr.! 105
M) 7 iotpedo 110
KOI '-orfcro. ....10H
KlB (AltfcrO...-. 96
782 |Twl|ikleTwln< .. 96
1 41
3 1 h
2 1 2 1
6 I it
4 72
8 5 1
7,61
aI" 3 b
9 I 8 1
■■' li
1 h
23
8 h -
V Vj
5 2
81
4 2
9 f
3 4
, 2 2
I 1 b
-61
7 1
4 1
5 1
8 1
9
3 6
T &
6 1
81
1 J/i {slaughter
2 1 H. Martin
316 Thorpe
4 2 l'ozenifiu.
6 2 ilennessy
6 6 Shaw
7 1 W.Martin
820 11. Brown
9 J. Ward
Jockey.
16
6-. >
1
60
60
50
20
60
100 -
ft
VojJ
20°
1
20"
. 20°
Won driving. Winner,
B. Spreckels' b. g., by Fresno Sophy. 1 Ime, 1 :W.
decided call in the betting over the other
twelve starters in the third eveut, a six
furiong affair, and after settim; a merry
clip out in the lead, was defeated by a
head by Mobalasca, an Bto 1 chance. The
latter mare made a fine run from back in
the ruck and only won through Willie
Martin's splendid riding. Addle Bucbannn
secured the show.
Fourteen platers started in the mile and
a furlong telline affair, with Treachery,
a pronounced H to 5 favorite over Del
Paso and the others. In a hard drive,
Galen Brown's niare led Del Paso past to
wire by a head in 1:55%. Peter the Second
made up a vast amount ol ground the last
quarter, taking third place.
KOTtS.
The sale of ■ the Macdonough two-year
olds will take place to-night at Killip A"
<',->. saleyard, Market street and Van
Ness avenue.
Clawson was posted to ride Dr. McAllis
ter, but on account of sickness had to be
replaced by Stevens.
Jockey Mike Hennessy signed a con
tract to ride the horses owned by Burns &
Waterhouse the coming summer.
The following horses' weiir have been
accepted for the great $10,000 Burns' han
dicap, to be run Saturday, April 10, dis
tance one and a quarter rules:
Viactor 120, Salvation 120, Wheel of For
tune 117, Ruinart 11(5, Schiller 113, Installa
torll2, Argentina 112, Yankee Doodle 110,
Lobengula 107. Judge Denny 106, Nebuchad
nezzar 105, The Roman 105, Grady 102. Can
delaria 102, Altamax 100, Osric II 96, Mollie
POO.
Following are entries for this afternoon ■
racing:
First race, three-quarters of a- mile, purse.
795 Peril 189 791 Veragua 138
(718) Ayr M....141 795 Gold ring 141
786 Two<:beero I*l (799)togan. 144
7"7 Walter J 141 616 Mahogany 141
825 Las: Chance 141 82a Monitor 138
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
812 (.'avail'- 105 1 Mlrambo 116
(818H out Girl 100' 824 Roy Carrutberg 106
716 Col Wheeler 106 807 Monlallade.....lUß !
Si.'l .Nebula 100 Venus 114
i79l)C»naor. 104 (795)Morren 116
821 St. Distaff 110 8.'4 Viking JO2
746 UuttaPercb_..ll4 654 Hymn 11l
804 Trappean 103 ; 771 Adam Andrew. los
Third race, half mile, two-year-olds. ■
.... Twinkler 100 822 Miss Dividend.. 87
814 Key Kalaiar 101 Kolrato 104
822 tlsmore 100 8:22 Fotente 104
822 >'. .McDonald... 97 liriiator 108
822 Front deßoeufKM 687 Malka 97
822 Midglen .100
Fourth race, seven-eights of a mile.
799 bailie Clicquot. 97 816 Una Colorado., ion
361 (irady 114 1 723 Lucretia Borgia 97
778 Imp. Disparity. 10 • ; 678 0'H»eta........ 102
457 Redskin 109 805 Montalvo 109
B^'3 iioUie H 100 820 Encino 106
788 Lady Diamond. 100 784 Model 104
816 0ak1and. .......102 : ■ 70 « Monterey ......105
703 St. Algnoa 103] 829 Ike L, 105
Fifth race, one mile.
798 Coda 103! 812 Rienzl 95
812 Graudezla 90 (816)DevaulL 108
816 Pollock 106 784 Joan 103
(724) May B 90 824 Claudlana 90
B^3 Caorillo 1 13 (813) Don Clarencio.7 95
§16 Doyle Hot)
Sixth race, three-fourths of a mile.
802 Miiilight 107 622 Lou Lou R 107
818 Chenille 107 69 Rufalba 97
80.2 Kiu H 107 824 Fannys 97
.... Shaßia Water.. 107 i 818 Gibbittlfllbbett. t*7
.... DiabolHa 91 \ 712 Ked i or* 97
*. ,
SELECTIONS FOR 10-DAT,
First race— Walter J, Logan, Two
Cheen.
Second rmce — Gutta Percha, Lost Girl,
Col. Wheeler.
Third race— Nellie McDonald, Elamore,
Front de Boeuf.
Fourth race— Redskin, Lady Diamond,
Sallie Clicquot.
Fifth race — Cabrillo, Don Clarencio,
Devault.
Sixth race— Etta H, Midlight, Shasta
Water.
To Adopt a Girl Baby.
James H. Forman and hi« wife, Mary, of
1027 Pacific 6treet, this City, have filed a peti
tion asking the Superior Court to permit
them to adopt Naomi Gertrude Dews, a six
months old girl baby. Mrs. Nora Dews, the
mother of the child, who lives at Belvedere,
Minn County, has given written consent lor
the adoption, aliening that the little one's
father is dead and that she is not financially
able to properly care lor its personal welfare.
The Vermont Legislature has passed a
bill prohioiting Sunday excursion trains.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
NEW TODAY-DRY GOODS.
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPT.
__ I
Just Opened — Latest Novelties |
in Ladies' Spring Wraps, Spring !
Suits and Spring Jackets. Ex-
clusive Styles at Popular Prices. .
dl nr-SPRING STYLES in LADIES j
$f.rfV SILK CAPES. Empire back, lace
and jet trimming, commencing at
. $4 95.
*l AC-SPRING STYLES in LADIES' j
$i.«Te) VELVET CAPES, silk lined and
beaded, commencing at $4 95.
tO QA— SPRING STYLES in LADIEB'
$_.*f'J TAN JACKETS, new sleeves, fly
front, silk lined, commencing at $2 95. j
*1 AT — SPRING STYLES in LADIES'
$4.tfe) CHEVIOT SERGE SUITS, silk
lined and fly front. Jacket Skirts lined
and bound, commencing at $4 95.
0-1 Jr— SPRING STYLES in LADIES'
$I.'*«> WOOD DRESS SKIRTS, plain
colors and fancy checks, all lined and
bound, commencing at $1 45.
; •*'i "'-.' _____
*7 O^— SPRING STYLES in LADIES'
$I.O«J BROCADED SATIN DRESS
SKIRTS, lined and bound, lull width,
commencing at $7 35. ,
•M Oa— SPRING STYLES in CHIL-
LI. €') DREN'S REEFER JACKETS,
• all colors, and latest styles in Empire
Jackets, sizes 4 to 12, commencing at
.. 1195. • . .
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
r/U-110 dozen 3-CLASP CHAMOIS-
ivC SKIN GLOVES, in natural color
and white, regular price $1, on special
ale at 70c pair.
I 7ft/ l — loo dozen 6-BUTTON LENGTH
iv\) MOUSQUETAIRE CHAMOIS-
SKIN GLOVES, in natural color and
white, regular price $1, on special sale
at 70c pair.
■ ■' **■-■"
[flf Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
MISS YING'S
GIGGLING LIES
She Told One Story in
Court and Another
Elsewhere.
And Confessed That She Had
Lied to Suit Her Coo*
venience.
Romance of a Chinese Maiden Engaged
in Doing Up American
Officials.
Miss Jeng Xgan Ying had the audacity
to smile at Judge Heacock yesterday
when she took the witness chair to swear
herself into this country as a native
daughter of the Golaen West. She not
only smiled, but she giggled and put her
handkerchief up to her face to veil it, and
then she exchanged a knowing look with
three highbinders sitting in the United
States Court Commissioner's chambers.
Her glance seemed to say i.i plain Eng
lish: "Watch me repeat my lesson. I
know it by heart."
When taken to the Presbyterian Chinese
Mission out of a disreputable house she
told one story as to her history. Before
Commissioner Heacock yesterday Her tale
was of a different and contradictory plot.
She was a native oi America and an Amer
ican citizeness and nobody could deny
it, because her mother was dead and her
father and sister were in Mexico, which
was nearly as bad. They were outside the
jurisdiction of the court anyhow.
When confronted with tne contradictory
statement she had made in the l'resby
terian Mission she frankly confessed that
she had iied on that occasion. 'United
States District Attorney Foote did not
ask her whether she was perjuring herself
on this occasion. Had be done so she
would have answered "no," but the man
ner of fter answer would have been beau
tiful to behold.
Yet Yong was one of the witnesses
called by United States District Attorney
Foote to testify that a Chinese interpreter
had directed one of the arrested girls.
Yuan Yuh Toy, to say when she should
be examined by the court that she was
not a native of China, but had been born
in San Fruncisco's Chinatown.
Lyman Mowry objected to the testimony
of ibis girt, because although the reported
conversation might bave taken place in
the presence and bearing of the defendant,
she was not bound by it, because the
question had not baen addressed 10 her or
answered by her.
Judge Heacock thought he was right
and so decided, whereupon the Chinese
woman in American clothes retired among
her Mongolian countrymen.
Miss Jcng JJga:i Ying, the prisoner,
after giggling at the Judge, told her care
fully rehearsed story. Between each ques
tion she shot out of her dark almond eyes
a triumphant challenge at the three high
binders sitting near Miss Culbertson.
It appeared that early in the day her at
torney applied to Judge Jdorrow for per
mission to interview the women and the
itio other defendants with the aid of an
interpreter — a Chinaman. The District
Attorney insisted that the official inter
preter should be prase nt also in order to
That "Prices talk." and in a most convincing manner, is a fact which is
daily demonstrated by the thousands who take advantage of our Matchless
offerings of New Spring Goods, and this fact will be still further empha-
sized by this week's special attractions, for the styles are the latest and
most exclusive, the qualities the most reliable, and the prices so amazingly
low as must appeal with resistless force to all in search of
CORRECT FASHIONS AT RIGHT PRICES!
LACES! LACES!
IK-— IVORY AND BUTTER ORIEN-
IOC TAL GUIPURE LACE, 4 to 7 inches
wide; Ivory and Butter Applique and
Cbantitly Luces, 3 to 4 inches wide;
regular value 25c
9 A*— IVORY AND BUTTER ORIEN-
£vC TAL GUIPURE LACE, 4 to 8 Incl.es
wide; Ivory, Butter and Black Ap-
plique and Chantilly Laces, 3 to 5
inches wide; regular value 30c.
IVORY and BUTTER NET TOP
£t)C IRISH CROCHET LACE, 4 to 8
inches wide; Ivory, Butter and Black
Applique and Cbantilly Laces, 4 to 6
inches wide; regular value 40c.
0
Or*— IVORY. BUTTER AND BLACK
OtlC APPLIQUE AND CHANTILLY
LACES. 510 7 inches wide Ivory and
Butter Net Top Crochet Laces, 5 to 8
inches wide ; regular value 50?.
*1 AA tn<H AA-BUTTER AND
$i."v tOJd.UU IVORY VEMSE
CROCHET AND POINT D'ARAB
ALL-OVERS. 18 inches wide, at $1,
$1 25, $1 50, *2, $2 50, $3 and $3 50 per
yard.
t
NECKWEAR.
NOVELTIES in FRONTS. RUCHES
BOLEROS, COLLARETTES. YOKES
JABOTS and FICHUS at moderate prices.
jar* OUR NEW CATALOGUE Is
mailed free on application.
\£if Murphy Building, Jf ■ \
Market aM Jk Strati .
prevent the Chinese interpreter from
coaching the woman as to ihe statement
she should make in court. As the pris
oner had a tight to the services of counsel
and an interpreter, and had a right to
confer with her attorney privately. Judge
Morrow decided that the District Attor
ney's interpreter, Mr. Jones, would be a
persona non grata ana an eavesdropper,
and that therefore he would have a right to
exclude him from the interview. He was
excluded, the interview was had, and ibe
lady came simpering into court without a
bitch in her story.
She was born at such and such a num
ber on Washington street, San Francisco,
but not in Little Pete's house. Jeng Ah
Ying was her father. Her mother, Mrs.
Ying. died in ISSI. In 1382 Miss Ying
went to China with her sister, named
Yok Ying, on t.'ie Oceanic. They came
back on August 29 on the Kio de Janeiro,
and her sister, who was married, went to
Mexico with her husband. Her father
went there, too. When she was arrested
she was weeping ovnr the death of her
adopted mother in the house in which the
dend body lay.
When Mr. Foote a;ked her whether Bhe
had not triven a different name at the
time of her arrest she replied that&he
hart, because the arrest frightened her
and she did not wish to give her true
name. Whcu at the mission she said
her father's name was Leong Keow.
"Ye*; I said it was Leong Kow," she
replied; "bat I didn't tell Hie trutn then."
"Didn't you say that your father died
when you were five years old, and th&t
your mother was dead before that?"
"Yes," was the answer, "but I didn't
tell the truth then."
Here she giggled behind her handker
chief at the interpreter. Then she went
on after a joyful glance at the highbind
ers.
"I said at that time that I was an In
mate of a disreputable house because I
wanted to get out quick."
The case writ over until to-day.
MAODONOUGH THOROUGHBREDS.
Valuable Brood Mare* and ~. Year-Olds
In Training to He Sold This Kvenlng.
At their yard, corner Market and Van
Ness, Killip <fc Co. will sell by auction
twenty thoroughbreds consigned by W.
O'B.Mncdonougb.now residing in the East.
Ten are brood mares, mostly in foal to the
coming young bire, Sfc Carlo, find two have
foals by him at their side. On breeding and
! looks Charlotte, oy Littleton and the lm
} ported Australian mare Mnrv Anderson,
I by the Drummer, as well as Miss Annie,
i by Himyar, hie well worth attention. The
i two-year-olds include the winners. St.
i Philip and Count of Flinders, the prom
ising colls Charles Le Bel and Lord Mar
j mion and the choicely bred filly Tiger
Lily, all by St. Carlo.
HEW to-dat:
Qinnn PTTW APR lir. PSerce's Patent Galvantc Chain Belt Is positively guaranteed
«IP 1 UUW JlJZifi /I JIV. io be the most perfect electric bfit now made in a ijr par. of the
world, and is as far superior to i be cheaply gotten up but extensive y advertised so-called eie<:. no belts
now on the market >n an vie trie Ueht is kup'rtor to thai or a tallow cundio. For a ttm~class belt,
with all modern improvements, »'. a Modkratk I'rick, patronize an o d -established and reliable firm,
and you will thus nave no reason to corn piaiu of having been swind ed" out or your money by un-
principled "qn«ck»." Buy no belt till yon have se-n Dr. Pierce "s. e?*IlooK Krek. Call or addrest
in.. Pli;i.< 1. & SON, 704 Sacramento st.. cor. Kearny. or 640 Market st.. below Kearn.-, Baa
Francisco. ..The. following drugcisU art agents: li. £. i.i»ux«, Uacramento; Uoldbn Dkuo Co.,
Stockton, and Ceobqb G. Mukkukad, &an Jose.
DROPPED "
Patterns in Curtains means
Styles that we will not again
repeat. We ' have gone through
our Ecru Nottingham Lace Cur-
tain .Stock and taken out about
400 pairs that we will not again
import. .Some of these lots are
4 yards long, and the pair over
10 feet wide. Their prices were
$3 to $3.75 a pair, We place the
entire line of
400 pairs HIGH GRADE NOT-
TINGHAM CURTAINS, 4 yds.
and 3l£ vda. long, that were $3, Q1 QC
$3 25, $3 50, $3 75 pair, on U>l.oJ
special closing price at Pair
DROPPED STYLES IN REVER-
SIBLE SMYRNA RUGS, <M QQ
size 36x72 inches «D I. 3U
WASH GOODS!!!
The Weather keeps cool, but will
not be so always. We have closed
out all our low grade Dimities, but
as other people seem to push this
class stuff, we shall placs on sale
this week some styles in '
HIGH NOVELTY FRENCH PRIN- C n
TED open work Organdy, our Uu
. I2}£c leader, on sale this weetc at. Yard
YARD WIDE NEW PERCALES, n
good^loth and colorings uu
Yard
TAILOR - MADE SUITING, 101*
COVERT CLOTH EFFECTS, a l&2«
new wash fabric Yard
FINE WEAVE WHITE INDIA in n
LINON that is well worth 15c a lull
yard. This week at Yard
Note— As sbove will not last long,
samples cannot be given.
now ready for distribution to out-o-
Marls! dull JIB tad
COLONY OUTLOOK GOOD.
Permanent Organization of the
Committee of the Chamber
of Commerce.
A Smaller Committee Will Devote Its
Entire Time to the P. an on a
Business Basis.
The committee of the Chamber of Com
merce appointed to act wilh Major Win
chell of the social wing of the Salvation
Army to further the colonization tcneuie
which was agitated by Commander Booth-
Tucker during his recent visit met yester
day.
The committee acted upon the major's
suggestion to form a permanent organiza
tion of the commutes and to begin the
work with an idea of its future great ex
pansion; tbat a committee of three be
I appointed to give their enuie time to the
work and to set the pians before the
business men as a first-clnss business
proposition and one not to be lost sight of
■ immediately upon the letting up of the mi
i tense pressure of the poor which is now
being felt by the community.
H. H. Sherwood was elected permanent
chairman, in response to these sugges
tion?, and Georce H. Maxwell secretary
and Daniel Meyer treasurer.
The permanent committee of three will
be appointed from the members of the
general committee. They will endeavor
' to interest not only members of the Cham
ber oi Commerce, but all other organized
! bodies, such as the Board of Trade, the
I Agricultural Association and the cuurches
!of all denominations. A mass-meeting
will be called for this purpose.
Major Wincheil goes to Santa Rosa in a
' day or so to hold a meeting t i-rc and get
expressions from the Santa Rosans as to
their attitude toward the colony. The i
thing of chief moment with them is that
j they snail effect an exchange of products
with the colonizers.
The major will shortly begin : he publi
cation of a monthly devoted to the colon
! izing scheme. It will be named "The Cal
i ifornia Colonization Call. :> He reports
| the woo : camp near Santa Ko-a as work
| ing Tery successfully, and that the men
I are earning on an averaeo of $1 30 per day.
Baldwin Somewhat Unlucky.
The John A. Roebliug's Sons Company hag
sued "Lucky" Baldwin for i£323 02 on a prom
issory note dated Jnnnary 5, 185>7.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS.
nn n -BOYS' NAVY BLUE AND TAN
UUb STRIPED DUCK SUITS, with em-
. broidered vests, ages 4 to 10, blouse
t and pants 50c.
i 7Kn— BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, in
: luu navy tan, cardinal mode, etc.,
■ either in solid shades or fancy striped,
with embroidered and soutache trim-
med collars, cuffs and ' pockets, ages
4 to 10, blouse and pants 75c.
flji fljl-BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, 1
I flji nn-BOYR' DUCK SAILOR SUITS,
UM.UU in fancy colors, almost any shade.
very handsomely trimmed, or in white
linen with blue anchor, embroidered
vests, ages 3 to 10, blouse and pants $1.
HOSIERY AND CORSETS
nCn-200 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK
\ 6UU HOSE, black with white feet and
Richelieu ribbed, worth 40c; price 25c.
i 001n— dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK
003b LISLE THREAD PLAIN AND
RICHELIEU RIBBED HOSE, worth
$') per dozen; 3 pairs for $1.
nc ft — 100 dozen CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIB-
LJb BED AND CABLE-RIBBED HOSE,
extra heavy double heels and soles, ail
sizes, at 25c; worth 40c.
nc__so dozen LADIES' CORSETS, long
lull waist, handsomely embroidered,
black and drab, at 75c; worth $1.
jf-town residents, to whom It will be
wLf Murphy Building, j
Market and Jones Street! : :
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SA\ FRWCISCO & RORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. '
Ean Francisco to San Rafael. , .. ,
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. M.-, 13:3%
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :S0 p. x. Saturdays- Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:80 P. M.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00. tf:2o P. U.
San Rafael to San Franc!
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 4, «,.
12:45, 3:40. 6:10 p. x. Saturday*- ExtmtrlM
at 1 :65 p. it. and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, U;IU. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4*
6:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schnetsea Park same
schedule as above. ,
Leave Ti l _— «-» Arrive
Kan Francisco. Oct. 14? B*n8 * n Fr not
Days. | days. "«»"°*Mon. pAYg^ | DAYgL
7:30 am 8:00 am Novaro. 10:40 am 8:40 am
S-30rM|9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:10 px 10:26 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm i Santa Rosa. 7:35 I'M, 6:22 PM
" Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:29 A*
Healdsburgt
l.ytton.
Geyserville,
8:80 ?M 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3* Pit' 6:29 X
. 1 i>ieta, ~~~~~ ~~~
I Hopland A
7:30 a m 8:00 AM Uklah. 7:35 pm 6i2lrn
7:30 am 10:25 am
8 :U0 am UuerneTille. 7 :3 ft px
B:3opm 6.28 PM
7:30 am 8:00 AH Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
and »
6:10 PM 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 PM
7:80aXI8:00 AMI R.ba.tonoL 1 10:40 AM! 10:2 > AM
8 pm ! 5 :00 pm| 810 ! 101 - | 6:lQpm' 6:22 pm
Stacet connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Ueyservllle for sw.i<;ks Springs: at ■
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
J Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i*akeport; at '
HopUud for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at i
i Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, B'.tio
lAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day "a, Riverside, Llerley's, Bock- !
nells, Sanhedrln Heights. Hull vine, Boon«vUla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Wesiport, Vsal, w'uieu. Cahto, .Co*
vi-. 0. Lay ton ville, Harris, Scotia and Kurelca. , .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduowl
On Sundays round-trip tickets tn all polnU be-
jrond San Rafael at half rates*
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bonus*
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. BY AW, I -
frea. and Gen, Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agent .
Santa Fe
THURSDAYS the first- MgEWcllBHjSBSsi
Class I'ullman «leeplng-car BXJHMaaH
lenrlnc: at 6 P. m. connects LWK^tgfcftftLSaKl
at Barstow with the Santa mHF^IQHIQKb
fe Hunted train carrying MB|^^-JiiMiMiy
dinlag-car, butivt snioktne- fc^|HrgjH^ |P»
car and Pullman palaca gfSaJ^^pEifffTxvn
drawing-room s!eepln(c-c»rs \2siO^M?3mmiM
for fco'.h Chicago and St. ■ r^^J«^P
Louis via Kansas City. , .
3U- Mays to Chicago or St. Louis.
4^ Days to New York. .--..-;. ..
SANTA FE EXPRESS
leaves dally at 6P. M. Pullman palace drawing,
room, also racdern upholstered tourist sleeping-
cars, thr uvh 10 Chicago via Kansas City. Annex :
cars for Denver and M. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City. Chicago,
! Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
I Tuesday: St. Haul excursion! every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 )Urket»tr*rt, 1 rtron-
lole building Telephone Myln 1531.
MOUMTMALPAIS.
Train* connect With >orth Pacific
Coast road. -■-.-' ' -
WEEK DAYS— i.-aye S. F.'»:W*. M. I:4* P.M. ',
- Returning— Arrive S. K. 3:25 p. x. 6:20 p.m.
SUNDAYS— LeavsS.F.BA. m 11: HO a. m. I:Sjpm.
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:1 9 p. m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 Bit
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or .
-' Tllu-. COUlw 4 s-ONS, 6il Market St., &F. .
Htil Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Hallway.
THE SAS CISCO AHI) SIS JOAQUIJ
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPASf.
FROM JANUARY 31. 1897, passenger train*
wilt run dally: -■ ' - v - ■> ■-
Southbound. Stations. ■ Northbound,
■' 7:20 a. m. ........;.8t0ckt0n.. '...... 6:40 p. v. ,
9:49 a. x.:. ......... Merced. ..........3:14 p m.
11:60 a m .......... Fre5n0........... 1:10 p. x.
For intermediate stations tee time-table.
Connecting steamboats of tbe C N. & I. Co.
leave Ban Fitaacisco and Btocktonat 6 » K. daU^t
COLORED DRESS
GOODS.
Orr^-2 casps 37-INCH EXTRA FINE
**J0 ALL WOOL FIGURED VALE N A
SUITINGS, new colorings, .ormer
price 50c a yard, will be offered at
25c a yard.
Ot »— 1 case 36-INCH CHECKED SUIT-
Otlt ING, in black and white, blue and
white, and brown and wh.te, regu-
price 50c a yard, will be offered at
ode a yard.
X A«-3 cases 30-INCH ALL WOOL SUIT-
WvO ING, in stripes, checks and mottled
effects, former price 65c a yard,
will be offered at 50c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
DKn— S COO yards RICH BLACK SATIN
UUU BROCADE will be placed on sale at
65c a yard.
<M-4000 yards EXTRA FINE BLACK
Wl SATIN BROCADE, warranted all pure
silk, worth $1 50, will be offered at
H a yard.
! 7Rn-3000 yards CHANGEABLE IAF-
| IJb FETA SILK will be placed on sale at
75 cents a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
'■ QKn— 2 cases 39-inch FIGURED ENGLISH
UUb ALPACAS, in a variety of designs,
worth 50c, will be offered at 35c a
yard.
m 2 cases 48-incb ALL PURE WOOL
i OUb STORM SERGE, extra good value
for 75c, will be offered at 75c a yard.
rn ft — 2000 yards 23-inch BROCADED
t)Ub SILK GRENADINE, worth 75c,
will be sold at 50c a yard.
7C n — 2 cases 54-inch EXTRA FINE ALL
ld\l WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, worth
$1 25, will be sold at 75c a yard.
\£{j Murphy Building, J
JMlul dllu Jull.a uiluulS.
• - RAILROAD I TRAVEL!
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO3IPAXT.
~ (PACIKIC SVSTKM.) V
Trains leave ami am <lv« to arrive at
SAN I'lttX'fMO.
leave — From March 31, 1897. — arrive
-"^eToOANiles, San Jose and Way Stations... I 8:43 a
-. 7:OOa Atlantic Express. Ugdeu and Kast.. B:4Sp
. 7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe, .Ramsey. Sacra-
. ' : mento, Ororille and Redding via ■
. DaTis ; 6:43p
. 7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
f. Calistoga and Santa R05a......... 6:15r
•titOA Niles, San Jose. Stockton, lone,
, . . Sacramento. Marysville, Chioo,
Tehama and Red Bluff 4ilSp
■8:30 a Peters and Milton *7-15p
9: OO a New Orleans iuxpress, Raymond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, Bakersiield,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, Dem-
i>ig, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:45p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:43p
9:OOa Vallejo '. 6:13p
....... Nilea, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13p
*l:OOp Sacramento River Ste»niors »W:OOp
l:O0p Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:45 a
|l:30p Port Costa arid Way Stations t7:43p
4:00r Martinez, Sail Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Oallstoga., El Verano aud
SauU Rosu. 9i13«
4:00p Benicia, Vacarille, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marygrille, Oro-
Tillo aud Sacramento 11:13 a
4t3or Lathrop, Stockton. Modesto. Mer. ■' ,~
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez. 11:43 a,
8:00pLo3 Angeles Express, Tracy,
- Fresno. Mojavo (for Randgburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7:43 a
8:00p Santa to Route, Atlantic Express
for Alojavu and JJast 7:43 a
0:00p European Mai!, Ogden and Hast ... 9:43 a
6ioop HuytrurdH, Milts and Sail Jose 7:43 a
t7:OOp Vallejo 1 7 : 45 r
7iOoi* Oregon Kxpress,yacrumeiito, Marys- —
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
' Sound and i:ast .. 11:13 a
SAST.V <IU Z lUVIsIO.N (.Narrow (iauge).
|7:43 a Santa Cruz L'lcursiou. Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ]BrOsr
S:43a Newark. CcntervilU<,Kan.lo»e, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
: Stations.... Bi3of
*8:13p Newark. Cent.orvillc, San Jose, Now
■ Almadcu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations "11:20*
_ 4:13r Newark-, fian .limo and Un Hutim . . . 9:30 a
' COAST lU VISION (Third A TcTiTTihi-iid StM~7
7:OOa San Joso and Way Stations (New ■ ~
Almadcu Wednesdays only) ltßOr
9:00 a San Jose, Trcs Pino*. Santa Cruz,
- Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, San
- l.ii is Oblspn, Ouadalup?, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .......... 4:15r
10'.40a San Josa and Way Stations 6:30r
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:OOr
*3i3Up San Mateo, Meulo Park, Man Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, *-' <
Salinas, Monterey and PaclucOrove *l(i:19*
•3::iop San Jose aud Way Stations 9:45 a
•4:30r San Jose and Way Station! *S:0!H
■ B:aopSaoJosotti)d Principal Way SUtious •8:45 a
. 6:<tOi> San Joso Way Stations .' «>::s.y».
tll:43i> San Joso and Way Stations +7:45p
SAX LKAJiKKO A.NU HAYWAKDS LO«:A1>.
»««:0Oa") • ~ r " f .7:1 3a
• 8:OOa (»:1.-JA
iSJoSa Melrw*, Seminary Park, |?jjg*
"Jloop 'ntchbnrg,SanXt.ndro_ "jjg;
<3:O0p and ■'-'•'" ' 4:43p
y 4:OOp r " ul * ... , f t5:43p
£SS? «i««*u  ; : ?:]g?
7:00p ■ *:45p
9-OOp « Bum through to Km..' in!sA»
ftllil3pJ * From ;__ , tfiaaoup
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I From SiS raiKCISCO— Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 : 9:00 11:00 a.m. n:o ° *2:00 13:00
•4:00 tO.OO •e.00r.-.
Froa 01IUBD— Feat «f Broadwir.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.M. U2:00 •1:00 {2:00 *3:00 r ti:00
*5:00 P.i«. :
A for Morning. „. P for Afternoon.
•SundaT«-xc«pted. ) Saturdays onl«.
„ " 1 Sundays only. :- ;-. ~T!
. It Monday. Tiic-«dap and .Saturday aialiU ool». .-
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
y. (Via 8»us»lito F«rry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1853.
. . • WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley ana Ban : Rafa«!-»7:35. »3 iia.
11:UO A. M.: •1:4&,.3:45, *i:lt.*i:U*\ioru
Extra trips lor Ban Kafael on Mondays, Wedn»»
days and Saturdays a- 11:30 p. a. ■
SUNDAYS. .' - :
r ?,i M ."'' Va "*- Tlnd Sen r»fa»l-*8:OO. "lO^
•11:80  m.: •1:5)0, 3:00. »4:3 a 6-.L&9. *c. T?
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations-7:25 a. m
V. e«k«ays, 8«0 a. H. Sundays. 1:45 p. it satnr^
says.
or Caxadero and wav stations— 7 :2S a. U. w«eb
9no_textno_text10
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE UAUKJfI'S.
Wool market booming.
More show for Hops.
fctlver unchanged.
Sharp drop iv Wheat.
Barley weak and neglected.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and FeedsiofTs unchanged.
New Potatoes and Asparagus lower.
Butter belns shaded.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry firm.
Fruits about the same.
provisions nncaanged.
Hogs lower and weak.
Increased exports of Produce.
Large shipments of specie.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port by sea during
the first three mon: hs of 1397 were $9,050,800,
against SP. '49.000 durinc the same period in
1H96. Tht> leading shipments were: Great Brit
ain $2.8/6,200; Atlantic potts, $-51.1U0: Ha
waiian Islands, $851,900: Japan, 5793,900; China.
*7a3.30<1: Cent-el America, */b5,200; toulh
Africa, $7d6>00; MfexiCO, $316,000.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from tnis port daring the first
three months of J897 were $15,570,1 37, against
$12.0.'-i7.635 for the same period In 1896 and in
cluded tbe following descriptions: -liver Bullion,
51,84"75U; Mexican Dollars, $1.427,149: Gold
Coin, $11,9711,267. China tooi: 91.H93.400; Japan,
$1,719,7.0, and New York *1 2,129, 68*.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flguios
at station indlcaTe maximum temperature for tba
days: those underneath it. if any. the amount ol
rainfall, of melted suow in inches aud bundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or nolid
lines, connect potn s of equal air pre*«ure; Iso
therms, or dott«d lines, equal temperature. Ihe
word "hiKh" means high Larometrlc pressure and
is usunlly accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to" low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and raint,
"Lows" nsi:aliy first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is bigh In th» interiol
and low aiong the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain la probable:
bat when the "low Is Inclosed with Isobars 01
mark« 4 curvature, rain couth of Oregon is iinprot>
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to th« California coast, warm*!
■weather may be expected in summer and coidei
weather In winter. The rererse of these condluoni
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEK BUREAU REPORT.
I'nited States Dkpartment of Agriccl
tcre, Weathkb Bi'rkau, >■*>• Francisco
April 7, 1897, 6 p. if.— Toe followlue are -.he rain
falls for Ihe past 24 hours, and seasonal rainfall!
to date as compared with those of the same dat<
last season:
Eureka, past 24 hours .03, this season 28.04
last season 37 07: Red Bluff, past 'J4 hours. oo.
this season 23 74, las season 1)5.91: San Fran-
Cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season 22.58, las
season 16.81: Fresno, past 24 hours, .00 thU sea
son 10.53, last season 5.37: San Luis ucispo. pa*
24 hours .00, thi> seas in 20.71, last seas n 15.49
Los Angeles, past 24 hours .00, this season 16.74
last season 8 KS; San Diego, past 24 hours 00
this season 11.63, last season 5 68: Yuma. past 24
hours .00 this season b.35. last season .88.
-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 72,
minimum 51, mean 63.
Weather conditions and general forecast*:
An area o' high pressure is central this evening
over British Columbia. he lowest pressure is re
ported from Southern Arizona. Light showers
have occurred along the Washington coast and
snow cbangine to rain has fallen In Utah. Clear
weather prevails in California, which is accom
panied by a high nor wiii'l.
Forecasts made at San Franciico for 30 hours
ending at midnight. April 8. 18t*7:
Noithera California— Fair: warmer Thursday,
except along the southern coast; brisk northerly
winds: a moderate norther.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; brisk
northerly winds; warmer at San Diego.
.Nevada— Fair: warmer Thursday.
Utah — Fair: warmer lhursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; a -evere norther.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; continued
Thursday: fresh northerly winds.
W. H. II ammi.v Forecast Official,
Ni-W IORK. 3IAICKJ2TS.
financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.-The dealings at
the Stock Exchange to-day were characterized by
extreme dullness, and as a rule the fluctuations
were confined within narrow limits. The resolu
tion introduced into the Pennsylvania Legislature
to investigate the affairs of the Lehlgb Valley and
Wilkesbarre Coal Company led to an attack upon
Jersey Central at the opening, and the stock de
clined about a point, to 76 / - Purchases to cover
Rbort contracts promptly lei to an advance to
77%. At the same time i-ugar developed marked
strength, and on unusually large purchases cd
vanced steadily irom lIOV* to 112%- Finns with
Wash, URton connections were the principal buy
ers, and this led to rumors that legislation would
be favorable to the sugar relincry interests after
all.
■ subsequently the advance was partially lost.
.Leather ruled weak on revival of reports that the
company interred to shut down it:, tanner.es for
ft short time. Near the cos- renewed purchase of
sugar led to a rally in the general li»i. Amonc
the specialties Baltimore and "iiio foil ]!,.'« to
12*4, BrooKiyn I nion jumped tiou a97/s to
JUa and Consolidated Uas from 158% to 1 59J/4-
Speculation clos?d firm. The dexlings were con
fined largely to professionals. The total sales
were only 118,800 shares.
The bond market was easier to-day. The sales
footed upSBIB.OOU.
In Government bonds $1 9,00 coupon fours of
1925 soUi at li!4i/4@1243/3 ana $7UO'J registered
fouisof 1907 at Ij.j.Va-
C.riMn.
FLOUR — Dull, weak. Winter wheat, low
grades. *1 SOr^s 05; do fair to fancy, $2 95®
4 20; do pa ents, $4 50©4 86. Rye flour-
Dull, $2 28®2 63.
» oKN'Mfc-AL— Dull. Yellow Western, $1 70<a
1 «0. " ■/' *
KYE -Quiet, weak, lower. Western, 43iA®44c
BARLtY-Du 1, lower with options.
WHEAT— DuII, lower with, options. Ungraded
red. 6S@79c: So. 1 rorthern. 78J/J>c. Options
were active, unsettled ana irregular, declining 214
@28-ic on thecon.lnued v.nui.s,s abroad, heavy
foreign selling, fine weath -i. tree exports, failure
of a large Horn mill *: Buffalo, closing v.-t-at at
2 1 /B@ ; ' tJ c under yesterday. May, June an 1 Sep
tfini..r most active. May, 72c; July, 71V»c; .Sep
umber, t>9?'aC.
<JOR.\ — lioderately active s/ ? lower, closing
firm. So. 2, elevator: '29 % c afloat, Options
more active and steady at 3/ s @s/ i: decline with th«
West and on easier cables, with line weather West.
Mai-, September ana July only traded In. May,
I8%c; July, 30S/gc; September, 31% c.
OaT6— Dull, steady. Options easier, dull. Mar,
21i/ic: July, - ( I%C. ?-pot t rices: So. 2, 22c; No.
2 white, IMc; -No -;, ' ':•.. n.<-, 23c; >o. 3, 21 C; No.
5 white, 23c; mixed western, 21@24c.
Provisions.
I.Ann— Quiet, weak. Western steam, (4 30
asKed.
I'OKK-Quiet, easy. M»gs. f 9sc;9 60.
FINANCIAL
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO., gU :
4 Leldesdorcr St., Tel. Main 1054.
- ■■- ■ CEMTBALOFFICB
62S Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly 4 Atkinson.
Managers, Tel. -Main 6144.
Uptown Ollice— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
P.ootu). Tel. Main lu9l.
PURDV. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, b. t.
GBICAOOi ?WVA**i WUUfi. »mW YOU)
' BUTTER— Easy. Wesfrn Creamery, 15@20c
do factory, fe@l He; Elgins, 20c.
CHEESK- Firm, (state, larce. 12Va c : do small,
lOCoi2i/ic; pirt skims, s@6c Ib; rail skins, 1%
@3c.
KGGS— Easy, state and Pennsylvania. 9s,4@loc,
TALLOW— City, S3/ 8 bid, 3Vi»o asked;
country, 3Vi@3V<jc. .-
COTTON r;K!i OlL— Firm. Crude, 20®20i/2C;
yei ow prime, 23c. ■ ' ; *"
RlCE— Firm. Unchanged.
MOLASi-E*— Firm. m'- hanged.
; COFFKK— Option* opened stead y. unchanged to
: 5 points down closed barely steudy, unchanged 10
10 points down April, $7 25: May, *7 25@7 35;
July, $7 45. Spot Kio, dul', weak: No. 7, 7%c.
BUOAK— Baw, dull, unchanged. l!elint*d.qu et;
Standard A, 4<<4c: mould A, &c; confect oners' A,
4%c; powdered and cubes, sc: granulated, 4%c.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 11.1-, April 7. — Wheat prices
dropped rapidly this morning, the opening being
from 84 to lc under Monday's close, and a further
recession of >2 C was due to Bradstreet's report of
an increase of the visible supply of 2,500.000
bushels. Liverpool cables were a penny lower at
the start, but that, loss was also unquestionably a
result of the report mentioned Receipts at Chi
cago were 22 cars, an I 113,000 bushels were
withdrawn from store. The Northwest received
263 cars, against 391 las. Wednesday and 314 a
year ago.
Demora'lzttlon 'el?ned in the market later,
prices derllulng 3% cents from the best opening
figures. The tine giOAliig .weather and a com
plete surrender by holders brought about the pan
icky action. Liquidation was the order of the-.l:iy.
the price having no apparent influence. May
wheat opened from Jj«£»;HVi<\ declined to
653/ B e, closing hi tJs.v.,i'— 35/ S ~" under Monday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 13 cars. No. 2
red spot wbea' rHnced from b4°;'»c to 87 1 /a c > clos
ing about 81%@84%c.
CORN— Tiie In wheat was Instrumental
In depressing tne tone of corn and causing a ma
terial decline in price. Trade was, however, too
light to really bnug about any Important depre
ciation. M*y onened at 24i,sC, sold between 2414 c
and /B @'J3i 4C, closing at the Inside, l@iy s c
under Sunday. mated receipt) for to-mor
row 27 5 c»rs.
OATS— The I tendency to decline seen In the
other grain markets appeared likewise In oats,
through a spirit of emulation. Receipts were fair.
247 cars. .May clos-d »/i@^aC under Monday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 300 cars.
FLaX — Was weak. Cash. No. 1. 71c: North
western, 75«.75yjc; May, 70®72^c; July, 72c.
Receipt* were 2« cars.
PROVISIONS— Lower quotations were estab
lUhed hi product* early l« the day. A larger run
of bogs than estimated was the most plausible
reason for tbe weaiii>-s«. although the demoralized
condition of wheat produced Home effect. At tne
close May nor* was 12'/ 2 i: lower, May lard 6c
lower and May ribs 10c lower.
BUTTER — Was in libt-ral suptily and poor de
mand 10-day. Toe feeling was weak.
Creameries— Kxtras. 19c: fines. l7(J618c; sec
onds, 14@15c; imitations, fancy, 15@10c. Dairies
—Extras. 16c: huts. l;«14c: seconas. 9(JlOc.
Laoles— Extras. I:kbl4c: Hibis. llgSl2c; puckin^
nock. 'Je; roll butler, choice, lie
EOCiS— Wtrc 'n goo 1 demand and firm. Tnere
was a ralr supp y. FresS stock 8 Vie per dozen.
Slu.NhY- V> aa 4^>i'» *"> call and 6% on
lime loans.
Closing Prrc»«. ,
WHKAT-Apri:. 65c: Mar, 656,87; J,i!v, 65"' B e.
CORN-Apnl. 2.7- B ®23c; Ma,, 23y ®<:3y4.c: j
July, '_'4V4«a21%c.
Oil I—May,1 — May, 16143168^0; July. -7^c; Septem
ber, lbi a c.
POKK— .May. f8 17%; July, 88 17y 3 .
UKl>-51»y, S4 071-2: July. si 05.
JUJbb-luay, **42Va: July, *4 45.
Livestock.
UNION" STOCKYARDS. 111., April 7.— So far
this week about 31,000 cattle have been received
here, azaiust 32. 5C0 for itie same period of last
week ana 24,990 a year ago. To-aay's receipts
were estimated at 13,000 bead and choice stock
was in good demand at steady prices.
About 62.400 hogs have arrived so far this week,
against 78,300 for the same portion of last week
ana 50,000 a year ago. The receipts to-day were
about 24.00J head and there was the usual good
tone and a good snipping demand at yesterday's
figures.
With the supplies ot sheep and lambs fallinr oil
and the demand unabated, prices in this market ;
are •teadilv advancing. Only about 13,000 were
received to-day and they were Quickly d.spoaed of
at fun her ad varied pries
CATTLE- KecelDts. 13.&00. Fiincr beeves, *5 40
©5 50; choice to prime steers. So 0 .'>•£.*■ 15, g< od to
| cnoice steer*. $4o0^J00; medium steers. $4 35@
; 4 55: fair beef steers $4 10@4 30; common beef
: steers. $:■( 75(54 00 good to me slockers and
i feeders. $4 'J^.c,. 50: common lv good stockers
; and feeders, $o 30(34 15; bulls, choice to extra,
! 93 50&3 75; do poor to choice. $2 25@3 40; cows
and heifers, choice to prime. S3 90@4 85: cows, fair
to choice. *3 75@>3 85: do. common to fair can tiers.
SI 75(82 70: calves. good to fancy. *5 Oot(£S 50;
do common to soon. $■-* 00©1 75: Texas led steers.
fair to choice, $3 70@4 tto: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, ?■_' «.V£.; 80; milkers and springers, per
head, $25@4i>.
HOGS— Receipts. vs4.oo>>. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, S3 8504 05: common to choice
mixed. $3 85ft4 05; cnoice assorted, 99 U7\j4
4 OS; light, $3 »s®i O-.i/j: pigs. *3&4 0/J/3
--bHEt?-Keceipta. 13.000. iafsnor ti> thole*
i4«5; lambs, i*(&6
ME TV \ *»'{-■ sI'OCKS.
Bonds, KzcbKiign, Muner and Railroad
Shares.
.Money on call easy at IVj@I 3 AX: last loan at
I and closing at iy 2 Prim- mercantile paper,
tiV2(&6 3 Ear sliver, 61 %c. Mexican dollars,
48 ',4 ■ i (t49 / ! 2C. Merllug exchange steady, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 £53,4@4 86 for 60
days and $4 87V« for demand, posted rates,
*4 86V"<^4 88. Commercial bills, $4 82y 3 :a* 85V..
Coverimient bonds fir in ; estate bonds neglected ;
railroad bonds easier. Silver at the board was dull.
. lJ.< «1M» STOCK*.
Am Tei <t Cable.. 78 [North American... 4
Atchlson . „ 10S/gi Northern Paclflo.. 12V4
Preferred 19Vs Preferred StiVfe
Adams Express. ..l4B j North western. 104i /8
Alton, Terre Haute 56 i Preferred.. ...... 164
American Kioresslll IN V Central. Jt.o
American Tobacco 73 |X V, Chicago^sitL 11 ; 2
Preferred 106 | Ist preferred «5
Bay btate Gas 9 i -d preferred. 28
Baltimore * Ohio.. l-.'«/« N Y& > H 170
Brunswick Lands. V« S V & New Ene... 87
Buffalo, Roch &V. lb^ SY. Busq & W.... 7^4
Canada Pacific 49 ! Preferred.. 22V»
Canada Southern.. 4 7 y 2 Ontario 8
Canton Land _ 6oi/ 8 < ntario <fc Western I3y a
Central Pacific 8 lOregonlmprovmnc
Ches * Ohio 6J/i Preferred
Chicago Alton 162 Oregon Navigation 10
Preferred. .. 174 " Oregon Cbort Line. 11
Chicago, B A Q.... 703/ I'acinc Mall 27
Chicago 4 Kill 40 [l'eoria. D<t Kvans Vi
Preferred 95 .Pittsburg <k \v pfd. 1*
Chicago Oas . . 78% Pullman Palace.... 158
Clevi»<fc PlttsDurf . I|>'« Qnicksilver » l*/«
Consolidation CoaL W i Preferred „ 8
Consolidate Ga5.. 158 Reading 291 /2
C CC A St Louis... 2914 Kio(iraiidi>AWe«a 12
Preferred 77 . Preferred 30
Colo Fuel <fc Iroa.. 17 Pock Island.. . B* B /»
Preferred.. B7 Rome\Vat<fcO«dea.H7V2
Cotton Oil Cert.... lO^StLASW.. 2V»
■ Commercial Cable. 150 j Preferred „ «
Lei Hudson 103V B !bt Paul 72V 8
Uel UtclcAWestrn. 14»3il Preferred i 31 Va
l)enver<tKa 10 Ibt Paul <fe Dulotn.. 18
Preferred • 88/ Preferred 80
Distillers. |Bt Paul & Omaha.. 683,4
• General Klectrlc... 31^ Preferred 1>»
, Erie . liii/ 2rlM& M 115
Preferred - 9 4 Sliver Certificates. 6iya
Fort Wayne 162 Konthern Paclflc. 14V%
Great Northern ofdi' 9 touth-rn Kli.... M 8
«»reen Bay — \ Preferred 2414
• Harlem. 'M-i ibcear Hennery 111*4
i Hocking coal- 33,4 Preferred 1021/4
' Hock ins Valley... 3y 4 Term Coal & Iron.. -•»■»
Homeslake... ..... 3i { Preferred to
H <t Texas Central Teias Pacific 8^
> Illinois Central. 91 Tol AA A N Mien.—
' lowa Central....... 6% 10l Ohio & Central 15 .
Preferred 20 j .Preferred 60
Kansas <fc Texas... lly 4 Tol Ist Louis <S X O *V*
< Preferred ..... 27 Preferred 3»w
Kingston & Perm.. 3 Union Pacific 6^4
Lake Erie <fc Westn lay ! U P Den &<iulf.... H/a
Preferred 62 V Cordage....: —
lake snore 164 Preferred ..„....—
National Lead 23 [ Guaranteed
1 Preferred »l s /i' C B press 89
Long Island ... 40 U b Leather _ 61,3
' LoulsrlU* A'Nastl. 47% Preferred.. ....... 646/g
Loulsville.N Aieay v 4 v B Rubber 1414
Preferred ly* Preferred 631/4
Manhattan Con. 837 g tJHca B R1v«r...160
Memphis A Charts 16 iWib 81. & Pacific. &
Mexican Centra,.. 71/J Preferred 11%
> Michigan Central.. 94 "| Wells-Fan;a 100
*iicn<fcSL. — Western union boy*
Preferred.-........— ; Wisconsin Central. lVa
I i!iin&eil,com 18 heeling <fe L X... 1
Ist preferred... .'. 78 | Preferred......... 8%
Sdnreferred. _ 45 l A m Cotton Oil fill. 67
Missouri Pacific.. . 16»VW U Beef —
Mobile A 0hi0;.,.. 3 9 Ann Arbor
Nashville it '-nau. 67y a ' Preferred
National Linseed.. 12 I Brooklyn Traction. l'Ji- 2
N J Central 773/ 8 Krie id pfd.. 17%
Norfolk «k Weatra. 10 .American Spirits
Pieicrrea 24 | Preferred.......
• cxosiva tOVI).l
Ala din A 4*. 106V8 !Nt "bern racist*. ll6
Do Class B 4. 6s. 104 Do 2d% 641*1
Alabama, class C 100 DoSds. tibifa
Atchisou 4s >~Q\u J)oconsolss . ...—
IJoVdsA 44y, Or lniprovmni BBi/s
Canada South ads. 108 i Do 6s !'.■■■■,
Cea Paclntsof'9s. . CR&Jj'iats!" "ll3Vi
Ctierotee 4*. 1886. Co consol 5s " .—
D01H97 • |0i bhort Line 6i!..116i/i
I!ol89tt 100 j Do consol 6s .. 74
l)ol»99 100 Pacific 6s or '97* — —
Ches&Ohlo 65.... 11 l I'hila&lteadlnr'ii' 80
Cb&K PTr Bets 5s 41 Vii Do Is; pfd Id com. 39 W
D C 3-653. ....IOBV4 1; Grande West lsis 721 A
Den&KCilai 11« .St X.<tlrouMtuenss 70
Do 4s b8 at L&sFGenos_lU
frl«2ds 64 St Paul Consol*.. 134
l-tW&UenClty lav 67 MPC &Pa lst»...llßVi
li Hi sa Bs 10:ii^' bo Carolina 4Mi5...105
Co2d7a, 96 tout hern X R 0»... 89
Gen Elec Det>6s... 98 | Do Pao Cal 1au..1U6
U & Tex Cent 6a... lOßV^lTenn new 3s. . 77 .
Do cones. 93% Texas Pac 15t5..... 88%
low* Central Ist*.. SO Texas Pac 2ds. 194%
Kansas Pa Consols 7 i ■■■ < I diou f>ao l«ti Via . 101 Vjt
Ks Palsta Den JUivllSVa'l'' » 4s reg of 1925. 124 V*
La Consol 4*....... »4% Do 4«, conpon.... /8
Mißsourllundln*...— . [C K4s reg of 1907. 11l
If XT 2d* . 5* Va ho4n, coupon.... 1123/,
D 045... 828/ 8 i Do2s 90 V *
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 66y,i Do 6s. Reg ...114
Mutual Union 61. .112 I Dobs, coupon... .1 1 1
N J Cent (ion 6»...111V8i \ « luiidlne deot... «J3Vi
N YC<fe S.Louis 45104 j Do registered. ..
Nor<t WestUen 65122 Do deferred 6*.. 5
X Carolina con 102 Do trust rcpt atpd 5
Does..:... .......124 Wabasu Ist b5.....X0.;: ,
>t>riuwfc»tConaol« 143 Went iSAttra *»u,,,1W7^
Ayi. UMlj 6m till/.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
FOKEIGN MARKETS.
•WHEAT IN I.IVEBPOOI
LIVERPOOL, Enq., April 7.— The spot mar
ket is quiet at 6s y 2 rt(&tjs '2d. Cargoes weak at
-i).-> O'i sellers, near.y due.
''■'* .!.,.' FUTURES. ;>• ; '
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
Ss&d; July. &sßd; September, OsT^id.
£??*' ;:;', securities.
LONDON, EK6., April 7.— Consols. 112 6-16;
silver, 2fcs/ g d; French Rentes, 102f 72V%c.
EXCHANGE AND BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8834
Sterling Kxchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables ~. — 4 8Hy 3
New York K.xcbange, Bight — -17Vi
New YorK Exchange, telegraphic. — '-0
Fine silver, per ounce. — 61%
Mexican Dollars 49^ 60
*>•
PEODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OThKR GRAINS.
WHEAT,— A further decline abroad and a bad
break of 4c at Chicago demoralized futures and
May dropped 5%c on the morning sessions. Spot
Wheat nas lower in sympathy and the whole mar-
Kei was depressed. Buyers held off and spot
tram accordingly was dead. Quoted at $1 17' 2 «s
1 20 9 ctl for common grades. *1 -5 for averaga
No. 1, (1 27% tor choice and $1 3S@l 40 9 ctl for
•xtra choice milling.
. CALL BOARD BAIZES.
I.nforhil Skksion— 9:15 oYiock— December —
2000 cus, $1 «>7y 3 ; 4"00. $1 0/1,4; 2000. 91 07V»;
2ti,ooU, $1 063/ i: 12.000. $1 06%: 10,000. »1 0/.
Mxv — 4000. $1 16: 4000. (1 15: 6000, SI 151 «.
Secosd skksion- December— 4ooo ctls, $1 063/g:
4000. $1 O«V S : 2000, $1 ves/s: 6000, $1 06 ' is;
2000. $1 07 V ; 38.0J0. $1 07. Ma 7 —14,000, *1 15.
Kkgouk MOKMNOHKSSIO.N— May— I4.OOO Clls,
$1 15; 0000. 91 I*%; 4000. $1 14Va: 6000,
$1 115, i; 40,000. 51 l*»i December — 4000,
$1 t>6i. 4 : 4000. $i«ii3/ : iO,OOO, #1 ouy a : 8000,
$1 06%: HOOO, $1 06*4: 2000, $1 07.
AJ.TKBSOON mow — December— 6ooo ctl*,
*1 06%; 4000, $1 07; 2000, $1 07V 8 : 6000.
$1 07 Vi; 10.000, $1 «7Vi- May— 2ooo, 9 15%;
4000, $1 16»/ A : 12,000, $1 15Vj-
BARLEY — Continues weak and excessively
dull. feed, 60@67J*c; Brewing, 77Va®87Vic
CALX BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second bEsaiox— December— 2000 ctls, 67c.
May— -MOO. 64c.
i;Kmn.A« Morning Session— No sales.
AJTKKsnoN mcsski.n — .No sales.
OATS— Milling are quotable at $1 15@1 20
¥ ctl: Fancy Feed. $1 25@1 30 IS c;l: common
White, $I@l 10; eood to choice. «1 12^i@l 22 Vis:
Elack for feed, 95c@.fl 05; Gray, *1 lu<g>l 17V 3 ;
surprise, $1 35@1 40 f) cti. Clipped Oats sell $1(0
2 per ton over . no raw product.
CORN —Jobbing sales at quotations, large Yel
low, 80@S2y 3 c 9 ctl; hmall Hound do, 97y»c;
White. W(a.H*c ? ctl.
KYB- 77y a @»av=c %* cU.
BCCKWHcAJ-Quoted at $1 10(0,1 25 ?4 ctl.
FLOUR AND SIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
94 75®4 85: Bakers' extras, $4 50@4 65; Super
fine, 4(0,4 35 ft bbl.
CORNMKAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $17 60@18:
Cracked Corn, $1»@19 9 ton.
JIlLLbTL'FFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; <>raham Flour, $2 85
«* 100 lbs: Kye Flour. $2 50 «4 100; Hice Flour,
S5 75; Cornmeal, $'2f<p2 18: extra cream do. $2 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, Si: Hominy, PS 10®
3 3J; Buckwheat Flour, *3 ■!'.> 1, ; 50; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour,
M: Roiled Oats (bb!s). $4 75®5 15: Pearl Barley,
S3 75K-1; Split Peas, S3 50; Graen do, $4 -5 '** 100
Its.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Supplies of Hay are abundant.
BKA.N- 512 60@13 for tha best and $11 50513
V ton for outside brands. :MT^3SJ
MIDDLINGS- $16@17 50 for lower grades and
$18@18 50 ¥. ton for the best.
I FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley, *16 60@16;
1 Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 SO «l ton; jobbing;,
$27 50.
HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 50: Wheat and Oat. »7@
10: Oat, $t>@B 50: Barley, $6 50@8; Alfalfa. $6
1 @7 50; compressed, $6@9 50; stock, 95@t>; Clo
i vrr, $6®B %* ton.
I SIIUW- 25*50c i* bale.
BEANS A>*O SEKDS.
BEANS— Bay OS quoted at $1 75@195; Small
Whites, 81S81 20 per ctl; Large Wnltes, $I@l 20
$ ell: Pinks. $1 O5(B1 SO; Reds, $1 10®l 20:
i Blackeye, SI 60@l 75; Ked Kidney, $2@2 50: 1.1
--! mas. $1 60@l 60; Butlers. $1 25©1 SO: Pea, $1 10
@1 25.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, $2 50(32 75: Yellow
Mustard. $1 50 V, ctl; Flax. SI 50 * ell; Canary
Seed, IS/iO^Vic ■$ tt>: Alfalfa. 6]. 4 c; Rape, 2y 3
4 c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy. 41AC.
DKIED I'Kas— Ntles, *l@f 20 II ctl; Green,
$1 20&1 40 ?> ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
New Potatoes end Asparagus are lower. Rhu
b« r b is higher again. Onions rule 11 rm.
POTATOES— New Potatoes: lV4@2c^ 1b: Sweet
Potatoes, $i@l 75 %>. ctl; Early Rose, 65@75c
V cil; River Keds, 62@75c: Burbank Seedlings.
I 45©»»f>c ■* ctl for Rivers, 90c@$l 10 for Salinas
! and 60&75 c tor Peiaiumas; Oregon Burbanks, 65c
I (g.91 10.
! ONIONS— Oregons, ?2 5003 9 ctl. Cut Onions,
I $J * sac-k. (
VKbETABLFP- RecelDts were 659 boxes As-
I paragus. '.86 boxes Rhubarb *< d 187 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers quotable at 7Lc(ssl 50 V
dozen; Asparagus. 2i/4@*c V* lb for common, s;oiic
I * ft for choice and 7<sßc "$ Ib for fancy: Rhu
barb, $I@l 50 9 box. Marrowfat squash. $7
feS V ton; Los Angeles Tomatues, $1 25 V box:
Mexican Tomatoes. $I@l 50 «< box: Dried
Peppers, 6@Bc * &>: Ureen Peas. *2(J3)5c: Los
! Angeles f-tnne Beans. 10@12i/»r: Dried Okra. 8
I @9c >t tt>; Cabbage, 40@50c V ctl; Carrots, 25(g,
i oOc V sack: Garlic, iy 2 te2e 9 It.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— tendency is to sell Creamery
I lower, and the market is topheavy.
! Crkamkry — Fancy creameries, 13@14c; sac
< ouds, 12ai2i/ic V lb.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, il@l2c 9 Ib; lower
I grade*, B@luc.
Picki.kd— l3y 2 4c > lb for new.
F'irkix— l3®l4c 9 Ib for new.
Creamery Tub— New, 14®14Vi3C * lb.
I CHKKSK— Choice mild new, t>i/j«t7c 9 Ib: com-
I mon to good, 6> -j am-; Cream Cbeddar, lO^llc;
Younz America, 7@Bc; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
I ©16c 'i- It.. .
EGGS— Nothing new. Ranch Kgics, ]iy 3 @l2c;
! store Ecgs. 10'/ 2 @llc ft dozen; Duck Eggs, 14®
15c Iji dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens and old Roosters are higher
and Broilers lower.
Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers, H@lsc for
Hens; G<:ese 9 pair, S2@2 25: Goslings, $2 50@3;
Ducks, ?5@6 50 for old and,s7@B 60 tor youiig;
Hens, $4 Eo©s 50; Boosters, young, $6 60(3 '50:
do, old, *4@4M); Fryers, $ 50(<t6: i'-roilera, S4@s
fur large and $2 60(g)3 50 for small; Pigeons, $'13
2 25 '■c doz for vouhk and $1 50 for old.
GAME— Hare, 76c@$l; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cot
tontails and 11 for small.
DECIDUOUS AMI « ITBUS FRUITS.
Quotations for all kinds range about the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. Jl@'i ? box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at $2 'Zb<&6 25 9 box; Seedlings. 75c(S$l 25 %l
box; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@ 100 %i box;
Lemons. 7bc@sl 2."> tor common and $1 60@'J
for good to cooice; Mexican Limes, $4 9 box:
California Limes. 75c; Bananas, $I©2 ft bunch ;
Pineapples, sl.'(Ji V doz.'
DBIKB FRUITS, KAI3INS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches. 4@si^c $ Ib; fancy, 6c. »1 Ib; peeled,
10<al2V4c; Apricots, 6@Bc; Hoorpark*. 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, t@si/2C; sun-dried, '-:@'JVic;
Prunes, 2V4@2» / ic for the 4 sizes: white figs, 3c;
Plums, 4@4V»c lor pitted and 1&1 y 2 c for anpit
ted: Nectarines, 3y 2 @sVic» Ib for prime to fancy:
Pears, 2Va@4c for waole, L'Vife&c for quarters and
S(g,ic for halves.
RAISINb—
Four-crown, loose, s!<ic; S-crown, / i < "; 2-crown.
j 3S/,c 9 ">: seed ess sultanas, 6(^s'Vac: seedless
Muscatels 4V2C; 3-crown London layers, *I@l V 5;
I clusters, $1 SU; iJehcsa clusters. »a 50; luiperlal
clusters, $2 50: dried grape* out.
NUTS— Cbes.nuts quotable at 8^10r; Walnuts,
6y 2 @7c V ft for standard and 9659y a c 9lb for
softshell: Almonds, 6fg.6'' 2 c for Laneuedoc, ii@
3VaC for hardsbflumd B@9c »> ft. for papersh>-il:
Peanuts. ACa.6c 1» Ib for astern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, ' <$6c "<$ Ib; Pecans, 7V»<a
8c * Ib: Filberts, 7 Vi@Bc; Brazil. Nuts, 7 V 2 ©Be:
Cocoanuts Jsfflr> 50 "p. 100.
HONKY— Comb. 1u@12% for bright. and s<a9c
for lower grades; watir-wliite extracted. s@sU>c:
light »mii»r extracted. 4V«@4 : !*c; dark umber,
4it4Vac; dark, l'@:-ic ¥ o>. '
BEKS^'AX-ai!@2sc tp !b.
PROVISIONS.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon. 7c V Ib for heavy, 7^c
» Ib for light medium, 10c for light, 10'/ 2 c ft Ib
for extra light and 12c Vlb for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12Vic «* Ib: California
Hams, lie V tb; Mess Ee«r, 99 9 bbl: extra
mess do, 89 60: family do, $1 i@lo 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 60: extra clear, $14 r bbl; mess,
912 r bbl; smo.eJ Beer, 10c V Ib.
L >. RD- Eastern tierces are quoted at 5%c for
compound and 6l£@7c lor pure; palls. 7V^c;
California tierces, 4Vsc for compound and 6c for
pure: half-bbts, 7c: 10-tb tins, 7 2 Ac; <io 5-lb "Sit
COTTOLENK— 6c In tierces and 4 @BV»c in
10- Ib tins. ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS- Culls and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 8c:
medium. 7c 1b; light, 7c Ib; Cowhides, 7c;
Stags, 6c: salted Kip, 7c t* Ib; salted Calf, 8c :
salted Veal 7c; dry Hides. l'JV2®l3c; culls and
brands, 9 Vi@loc ~$ B>; dry Kip aud Veal, a@loc;
dry Calt 6c; < uIU. 10c; Ooatsklns, V>o<a>3sc each;
Kius, So; Deerskins. «ood summer. 25c %» !b;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; shear
lings, 10(tfL0c each: short wool, 2ft@36c each;
medium, 30(j$45c each; lung wools, 40@60c each
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3@3i,ic * lb; No. 2,
2 1 /ie; reflued, sc: Grease, -Jo tri Ib.
WOOL— Continues in sharp demand and very
stiff a', the Improved prices. Spring clip: Moun
tain, ll@14c: Foothill, 10@li!y a c: San Joaqnin,
year's clip, 7@loc; do, seven months, 8«»llc V
lb: Nev«das, lO@14c; Eastern Oregon, 7®loc
HOPS— 6a>cc lor fair to choice acid 9@lUc "j4 lb
for fancy. If the proposed tariff goes on, dealers
expect to see better prices in the future. ,
GENERAL MhIICUANDISE.
■ # ■ •-•
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 5* /4 c: Jnne-
July delivery. 5^ 4 c; San Quentin, $5 40: Wool
Bags, :-4<a27c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 t* ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton: Soutafield Wellington, $7 60 * ton;
Seattle, $5 6U: Bryant. $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
* ton: Wallsend, $7 9 ton; Cumberland.
$13 50 9 ton in bulk and $13 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania, Anthracite Egg, $11@12 $ ton; Welsh An
thracite, $S@10; Canne:, $8 %* ion: > ock Springs,
Castle Gate and Peasant Valley, $7 60; Coke.
s llffi 12 in bulk and $13 9 ton In sks.
! SUGAK— The Western *ugar KetiuinK Company
quotes, terms net cash: i ü be find Crushed »nd Kin*
Crushed. 01,4 c; Powdered. 5S 4 c; Dry Granulated,
6y 8 c: Confectioners' A, 6y B e. Magnolia A. 43/ 4 c;
Kxtra C, 4.*>j}c: Gulden V, 4 Vie: Candy Granulated.
6i 4 (; half burre.s 14c more man barrels and boxes
V2C more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are lower and very weak and the packers
are not buying on a falling rut net. Receipts are
too large.
Wholesale rates fur dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: "'.'."'•'.
BKEF— First quality, 6c; second do, s®sV»c;
third do, 4@4i&c %i lb.
VEAL— Larg». s@6c; small, 6®7c ft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, s Va'«t>c; liwes, 5c * to.
LAMB-Spring, 7@:«c * tt>.
PORK— Live lions, 4*s4y 8 c for large and 4V4c
fur small and medium; dressed do, s@6Vi<s.
RECEIPTS OF I'KOUl'ta.
yon 24 ,■■-.,
inonr, or ■*«.... 15.828' Kuiwr. ctla..^. 4*9
* neat. ctl«. I,49o ! Cheese, c0»..._ 354
>ariey. eta..._. 6U5 K«rs, a0»....^_ 6,270
leans. 81ct....^. 1.3H6: Hidet, n0......_ 67«
Potatoes. «*«.._ e3o(Peltt. bd15. ..'.... 3.789
Onloni. — 4^ Wine. gau...«» 33,-*OO
Hay, «>■» __ 430 Wool, On _ 897
Straw, ton*. 20 Learner, r011*.... 50
kran. alts 655 Lime. bbls....— 843
JJ Wdllnn. srv
THE STOOITIIASKET.
Mining stocks opened still higher as a rule yes
terday morning, but fell back later on in the day.
Union is assessed 20c
The Con. Cal. <fc Va. assessment falls delinquent
in board to-day and the Alta assessment in office.
The Boston and Montana Mlnins Company has
declared a dividend of $1 per share, amounting to
$4 iU.000, payable May 20, making a total to date
of $5,825,U00.
On the Bond Rx change tan Francisco Gas and
Electric was weaker, owinc to rumors about an
opposition company being organized. :-pring
Valley rme to 99, the highest price In some lime.
The joint, Confidence, (halle -cc Consolidated
and Consolidated Imperial west crosscut 1 from the
surface tunnel is out 1063 feet, having been ad
vanced 17 feet for the week. The face shows por
phyry.
No ore w»s extracted from the Confidence mine
dur.nt; the past wtek.
Tb- yield of i he overman mine during the past
week amount) d to five carloads of ore. the average
car assay ot which wa* $42 42 per ton. '1 he ore
was exiraced from the workings in the north
drift on the 900 leve . There i» no mater.ai change
in the formation of the ore seams.
In the Caledonia mine, on the 1 100 level, west
crosscut 2, at a po nt 118 feet south of the north
boundary line, is out 24 feet, 13 :eet having b'-en
added during ;he week. The face of the drift is in
porphyry, clay and stringers of quartz.
BOARD SALES.
Follow!/,* were the mJes In tfa* Ban. rr»acl*eo
Plock Board yesterday.
sri.vi.Ait MOR.viNo session, rnVMivcixa 9:50.
1350 Andei..2si3Uo C Point. -1 8 550 P0t051....37
150 £elcner...4Ssoo fcicnqr ...04 50 36
100 4. lOOUdtO 41 4505ava«e...31
100 B<t JS 71 650 _4l>eUo 32
'-'00 7.- 200 42 300 !S Nt 60
300 Cha11«e... 37|360 39 150 5tdrd...1.60
800 Cn01r...1.25 7o» Mexcn....sU 00 Union C...31
400 CC&V...1.6L 4110 X 0&C..12 60 ..32
950 1.65 400 0pmr...1.15 110 U tail.. ...US
1:00 Con lm.O-j
AKTKKSnON BKBBIOV— 2:31.
35 ) E&B ..69.500 Con 1m... 02 500 0cc1<Jt1.....17
600 6* 00 Kxcnqr...U3 JOO P0t051....35
100 Bullion.. ..i:J7O!> U <XC 37 700 S«Yaee....SO
400 CholUr. 1.15 200 .......M6 300 i* N0v.... 48
•iOU Chalice.. .36 100 Alex 47.100 Stdrd... l.SO
220 CC<tV -.1.60 100 48>200 Union C. 28
400 1.431300 (Jphtr... l.iii 10<* » HKH.M
Following wers m* «*»»••» in Ute Faclflo block
1-Oard yesterday:
bfgci,ar pwuitow— l»»:'n.
300 Alpha-. 11 .400 CC*V...1.«5t5t0 Nt Qn 06
■JOJ 1 160 lS^JiOOocd 15
600 Alia ON SOO J.fcO 200 IS
200 Andes.. 26 400 .1.57%!20 ' 0nn1r....1i 8
1400 2.. 150 1.56 400 I.IU
301 8«1cner...41 200 loon . 87 950 1.07^
900 40 300 ConN V...02 6 tit 0man.... 09
90U 1. * 8.....7:- me i"olui....is 50) rotael 37
200 :.7a;jou 17450 36
1600 71 200 Excn<jr...O« 300 35
500 70 45U t>«feC"; ....41 XO'i fc»va«e....3*
a OO tn1110n....12 600 ..... 40 603 _ 31
200 11 2UO 400 30
200 Ca1eda....14 'JO) St 500 Bcorplon..o4
I.MO Chalice..: 9 400 HAN 95 100 Seg 8e1... .04
2700 38 000 Julia. 05 500 Bin. 50
20u i.ijoir 1.-J-ji-, bOJ Just 1ce.. .03 850 ...._ 48
100 1.2.1^00 Kentck._.O7 MOO 5UU1....01
800 1.17 V» L Wash..ol! 50 btnrd...1.60
"1)0 1.16 300 Mexican. .4' 61>J Uni0n... ..31
60 > C Imp.. ..O'J'6oo 4SiluO Until 08
400 03,700 47|J40 V Jw*.....50
AfTKRXOfIX SIOWIIOV — 2:St).
200 Aloha 10 200 ChUr.I.I2VI«UO Fotoa! .....35
400 Alta CB' 50 Conn 85 650 —...34
-''U Ande5.... .24 BJO U Imp . .IITIHIO ntrt|t. ... 30
2OJ Belctoer....3li AM C F0inu...161500 29
15J 1!*B 6960) <i*C 3.> 500 Scorpion. .o4
400 67 00 36400 b8<tii....05
300 8u11i0n.. ..!•■ 300 HAN •23110 IS»T 47
lOOCaleda 14J20J 91200 .48
4UO 18 400 Julia. 05 100 Stanrd-1.80
VfOO Ciillnee...37 300 Mexican. 4795U Onion.. 28
300 CCV..1.471^, -'00 0cc1dt1....16 200 Utah 09
250 1.50 160 '>phlrl.o7V» 100 08
200 1.4& 1900 I.ob X J«1tt....30
1500 .... : 0vrmn....09
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEJJNKSDAY. AprU 7-4 T. H.
J?i ft. A t A rti. Slit. A tkn* ,
■AJiWmfMm 1" n 'alia... _ 0* t>b
Alt*. 07 Of- Jasttea. „. — 04
Andes. ~ 22 24 tientnefc..._ 05 06
Belcher 3X Si Mexican 45 47
Best 4 Beloaac C 667 Nevada Qaeea. — Ie
BentonCoa... — 15 Occidental.....' ' Itf 17
bullion _ 10 11 upbir — LOO 1.06
Caledonia. 12 1. overman.. — O'J 10
Chollar 1.10 1.16 fotosi. ....... 34 85
Con.Cal<*Va...l.4O I.4s|&avaceL 29 SO
Challenge Cox 37 >)- scorpion — — »'4
Con. Imperial. 02 03 4>ec. Belchec. 04 05
Confidence.... 82 8b Mirer fIUL.... 01 »3
on .New YorK — it sierra NevaJh 48 49
Crown .Point. .. 16 17 standard 1.60 1.65
)ia3l»lerra2t*r — k4>synolcat«. ... — 1/3
tur-»»i.-ui .. — so , aiuiiLvin 27 28
Kxcliegue; 03 i!Uuo.... - 07 IS
bbuiu«uurrr. 35 36 l'«Uuw J«w*«» 30 31
tIOCK AM> BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, April 7-2 F. M.
tMTKU BTATKS BUN in.
J<- , -.A'-.. Jn-L JltMtd.
CB«s e0nt>.112V4112% a fc4»reg...i.»« iloy a
Uonuw ÜBUeil4 —
maLuxaon BOND*.
Cal-stCblADs. 11- — Oak Gas Ji . — jot
Cal Klec L, 65127 130 U^du 55... — 109
CntraC-W&j yiiVi t>b' omnibus tin.. 120y»l'.'l
Dpnt^stex-cp — 100 P&ORyBi. — 11.
} dun .LAP 85129 " - • F<£Unßy6v v — 105
KtUHKKtijIOS 107 l'wl-at KH 6i113 118
Utarv-at Rss - 105 | heno, W LAI. — 10A
H sV^vloo _ itactoP&L. - IOU
l.os Ana 1- 92V a 100 sKANI'K6v. lnis^ioa
Dotimeed 6s i-M^iuo >ri;KAn/.6i 92 93>4
Al t-stCble6s — M'KRCaI 6\. 106^107
DoKyCon 6s. ioiii,. a lo6i^ m'l'.Ki a'.st. 81 95
KatVln6sJst — ioo sPßrKCai6j. 86 ■ — ! »
NevCNcK7s.lo3 106 6VWater tti. 11714 —
RyCal 0». 103 . — V Water 100S/ s IOIW
£> J*y Cai iM. 85 - btktnU<KJb:ii« B9Vjl«OVj
WATItR STOCK*
Contra cost* — 401 ! *Pr n * V»aey 8b«/i '.9
ilarlnCo..... 488^ &13^j
«AS AND ',:, Tir-iTrv^l
Capital. — 3u Paclflo Ment — SI
Central. PB' , _ 'sFG*Klec. 96 96*4
M Kleo Lieut bs. 'Ji , 4 -»v rrnncjca i -3, 21/,
Uitol. Ail 'i ",.; i' -. *tou - -v
i'au i>u Imp 91 by
IXSOBANCt rrocKi
Flreman'sFd 1821/2 — | #>< ,
con»... •,. «»VIC «TO-iC». .
Anelo-Cal... 60 - 5114 First NaUon;l^ 18.1
Bankot Ca1..2:-9 340 i London l'& A. 127»/ 4 130Va
C*i!>U4TColo7 10a jilerchKx.... a. —
■ATX3RM BANK RTOTiCI. •
nerBALCa-1340 — £• i.oau. . — 101
Jiomb»iL inn _ Security 250 —
Mutual 38 41 UnluuTriu;.sßo 900
bitij»v Uiiiu!i4sj —
BTBKKT KAII.ROAD BTOCIM.
California.... 10 110 loan »W;H»/ - 10"»
Ueary-at..... 36V, 60 I*"*" 11 * .... 4 8
iHurKont.... »4% 45 I
■« - 1 fTOTRV
Atlantic 16 17 iQlantUon.... ?1^ 32
California.... - no IVIBOrU. 45c 80c
Kastern U... 80 85 j ' •
Hl*! "TXaVKOITI «TT»';K«.
Alaska Pkn. 102^104 NatVlnCo.. — 7Vfe
Uerl«adCo. — 120 - OceanlcSSCO 22 Sh
HawC&SCa. 16V» 16^ F*c Aux A 1^ 3
Hu:tu si 1 a .53^ 26 IFacßoraxCo. &6 —
MorKxAasx. 90 — fart PalntUo 6V« 63^
. . bAI.H.3— MOKMNU btsalo.V.
Hoard — . = ■ ■
50 Giant Powder C0n...... ; 3100
$1000Mftrket- 8 L Rv Con 6% Bond* 105 50
40 » 1 «■»» £ E.ectric Co 85 75
10- do ao ■; 96 621^
25 8 V Water ; ■ »9 OO
100 do do. •90.....................: . 98 75
5 do do « . 98 75
. fctr»*i— _, ■'-:■'.
110 bVWwr , «.,.w 83 00
SALES — Ai-TKBNOON" SESSION.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 103 50
80 Uiant Powder Con. SI 50
20 do do .. ......'. 31 S7V4
50 HotchlasonS P C 0.;....... .^- . *•"» 6 <>
25 do do „ ...~ 25 75
$4000 S V 6X 80n05.".*........." 117 60
fir«-i.—
10 Bank of California.... «39 60
50 b V Water, sPO .~. s>B 75
• — «. — ■ \. '-I*'-? i
EEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Mlndora L. Berry, and as attorney, and Maud»
B. Fisher (by attorney} to Lou sa Greenewald, lot
on R line of Van -Ness avenue, 117:81/4 N Of
Washington street. X 1:20 b>- X'!«: *10.
Peter M. Manon f» Kltza G. Deutch. lot on 8 line
of G^ary street, 137:6 X of Oough. 27:1 by &
ISO; gift.
Same to Ellen Irene McMahon, lot on SW corner
of Gutter and Buchanan streets. 55 25 by W 87:6;
gift. ■ ■ • -
Same to Ellen Irene Stan:on (formerly Mc-
Mahon) same; gift. r '.' : '
Esther Kalisicy to Gertrude Kallskr.lot on N
line of Turk street, 60:6 X of Bucuanan, i: 25 by
H 87:6; gift.
Louis Met zger to Mission Soap and Candle Works,
lot on sW corner of Hatrison and Eighteenth
streets, W 187:3 by 197: ?10.
James W. Walker to Conrad Motzer, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-hrst and Hampshire streets, A
93 by W 25: $10.
Charles L. and Tina Hinkel to Mary A. Lam
bert, lot on W line of Castro street, 110 X of
Twenty-first, X 25 by \V 125; $10.
William P. Lambert to same, same: 910.
Mary Ann Lambert to Kliza A. and Mary E.
Lambert, name, subject to- life estate In favor of
grantor; gift.
John and Christina Wilson to Perter and Lena C.
Neisen, lot on W line of Collingwood street, 27:6
N of Twentieth, R XV :6 by W 100, block D, Eureka
Homestead: $10.
Margaret J.. Henry 0., William M., Edwin W.,
Walter !-. and George A. New-nail to Katie Mooney,
lot on NX hue of tremont street, -9b:LM, a NW of
Harrison, NW 0:1% by NE 137:6; $*0.
Peter McMahon to Charles H. Mr.Mahon, lot on
N W line of Perry street. SOO NX of Third, NW 70
by NX 50: gift.
Estate of .Michael Barry (by Ellen Barry, ad
miiiimratrlx), to Theophilus Paton, to correct
1108, d. 44. lot on NW line of Perry street, 110
NE of Kirih Nfc; 32:6 by -N W 60: *1600.
Ellen Barry to Biu^gio Clrimelo, same: $5.
Samuel Davis to U. W. and Agnes K. Hamlll,
lot on W lin> of De Haro street, 32u X of Nevada,
N 26 by W 100; *i«.
Thomas ana Alice Brown to George S. Folsom,
lot ou W line of Georgia street, 250 N of Sierra, N
50, W 100, S 25. W 100, S 25, E 200; $10.
John Siiruance to Fanny L. Stanley, undivided
11-24 in rfollowing: lot on line of Eighteenth
avenue, 79:6 N of Ci street. > T 328, W 78:6. B
3-7:6. E 96:3; also lot on W line "f seventeenth
avenue.iU9:l Sof P street, » 327:11. W 240:4,
N 328, E 24 j :4; also lot ou E line of Seventeenth
avenue. 212:10 sol P street, S $27:10, E 183:2,
N 327:6, W 200:11. quitclaim deed; $10.
Kobert Hay to i-reaericK Glover, ot 72, Bernal
Heignts Homestead Association; $10.
M. A. Meier to William Nlcol, re-record 1729,
deed 186, lot 1, bock 149. South San Francisco
Homestead and Kai.roai Association; grant.
Charies Marks to Moses Robitscher, lots 33 and
37, block 41, City Land Association; $10.
AI.AMF.DA COUNTY.
Louisa Pinot to I. Jahnholtz, lot on X line of
Ninth street. 100 Sof Folsom, S 100 by E 100,
being lots 9 and 7. biock 21, Beaudry and Peladeau
property, quitclaim deed, Oakland Township:
$500.
Vie, or Pinot to same, same, Oakland Township;
$10.
Windsor F. Smith to Mary H. Haraiman, lot on
N line of Kusseil street, 206:10 W of Kalston, W
100:oi/3, N 157:6. F. 100:5, S 164:10y» to begin
ning, being lot 9. b ock 8, state University Home
stead Association No. 3, quitclaim deed, Berkeley;
$10.
F. K. and Kosa M. Shattnck to Fred Holtum, lot
on N line of Stuart street, 74.38 W of Adeline, W
40 by N 129.35, being lot 14. block 18. bhattuck
Tract Map 5. Berkeley; $10.
Charles and Dora M. Ho. den to G. A. Schuster,
Otto U. and Eroest C. Niehaus, lot on W line of
San Pablo-avenue, 48.66 > of Charming way, S 120
In- W 135. being a portion of plat 60, Itaucho V.
and D. Peralta, Berkeley: $10.
J»mes McGee 10 Board of Education of the town
of Berkeley, lot On sW corner of Bancroft way and
Sherman or Grove street. ft 16^:8. W 262.99. N
1&2.8, X 262.12 to beginning being lots 1, 2, 3, 22,
23 and 24, block 13, McGee Tract, Berkeley;
$4000.
Moses J. Frank (by commissioner) -to Joieph
Semeria, lot ou R corner of East Fourteenth street
aud Nineteenth avenue. SK 75 by NE 140, block
21, San Antonlu, L'aat Oakland: $2051.
Klchaid B. and Ne.lle W. Fripp to William T.
Knightly, lot on >!■; line of Ninth avenue, 150 NE
of Tenth street, NE 50 by SE 1-0, b.oci 17, Clin
ton, t-ast Oakland; $10.
Union Savings Bank to CL. Hooper, lot on E
corner of Santa Kosa avenue and Veruon street,
»E 132 by N X SU. being lot 26 and portion of lot
25. block F, Stanford Tract, Oakland: $10.
C. L. Hooper to Carlotta K. Hooper, same,
Oakland; gift. j
Mary Edge to W. J. Weatherly, lot on E line of
Winttier street, 759 X of East Fourteenth, E
146.62 by N 65, being lo s 31 and 32, block B,
Fruitvale Tract, Brooklyn Township: also lot on
NW corner of Twelfth street and Cleveland ave
nue, W 120 by N 100, being lots 11 and 12. block
C, Humingtoa Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edwin a. Sherman Jr., Charles B. Hollywood
et al. (by Commissioner) to San Francisco Home
Mutual Loan Association, lot on W line, of Fruit
vale avenue, 194.37 Nof county road, or Sherman
street, N 35 by W 110, being lot 17, block A, King
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1657.
Builders' Contract*.
Adolpb lie n bach to P. H. Goessel and L. M.
Zimmerman, excava'.ion, concrete work, etc, for
one 3-story and two 2-story frame building* on
SV." corner of Union and Lacuna streeu, Saineid
<t Kohlberg architects: $1625.
Same with J. Bucner, carpenter work, etc., on
same, same architects; $7150.
fame with 11. Williamson, gasfittingand plumb
ing on 5 me, same architects; &1408.
Charles B. de Pas with Ira W. cobnrn, to erect a
one-story building on W line of Sixth avenu«, 200
X of Point Lobos avenue, K. Depierre architect;
$1940.
W. C Hayes with B. R. Van Demen, to erect a
three-story build on W line of I evitadero street,
70:6 X of cost, architect contractor: $12,600.
William and Annie Byrnes with A. O. Krown,
carpenter work, etc., for a two-story frame build
ing on California avenue, 240 Kof Virginia ave
nue, architect not mentioned; $1806.
HOT£L ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Klotz. Wilson, Kans H C -Newel!, Leadvllle
W J Jarvis 4w. Boston D Fell, Lot Aneeles
J Jensen, >i Paul F T Knewing. Oakdale
C B Foster, NY J J Payne, ban Jose
J W Warboys. *ta Rosa A C Martin. Portland
P A Buell, Stockton B T Shepherd Jr, Fresno
C L Jenlcs A w, 1..1 Cross Mrs Adams. Kedwooa
Mi-. Harding, Kcdwu v 1 A Higgins A f. t 'h'.o
Mrs I Hortou,Liv«-rmore B S Wood, t-anta Rosa
J N Wood Saaia Rosa W P Kdwarrts, Kldridge
( ,pi \V Co'.lin.Queensla Mrs Loll in, Queensland
C L uutbeil. Seattlo J P Wehrly. Mt View
W 1 Koblnson, Molt Hill J T Lauretz>>Q, Salinas
F B Day, Salinas Mrs N M Firth. San Jose
T Flint Jr <fc w.San Juan G i UcomUAw.SAndroaj
E H BacoD, >"apa P Flaherty. Sacramento
W J Flick, l.os Angeles Mrs M A ttaoball Fresno
T Warberton, Redlands A T Baker & w. N V
D D Zellner, i.owi.itou R J H*teh. Novato
il-ss X Oaiues, Los Ang Mtts O Ualnes, Los Ang
Wsterabeck<Sw,.Bolllstr J Adams. Kans
X Paine, Kans Miss I) Conn, -p.mu Rosa
T F:lnt <fe w. San Juan o N Onstin. Chlco
8 i !!>,••<. Birds Landing t- Rosenthal, Tuiare
J W Hicks, Fresno J < And rson, Kresno
MGerson, PorlTownsend W Slocum, Clear cake
J Heed, > loverdale Mrs R LWelch&d.Coiusa
Mrs a Ktoll, Sac to J H Craddock.Marysville
ilrs II Mabury, Kan Jose Miss KBMaybury.SnJose
I'ALACK HOTEL.
W B Tasls, N V Mrs Kendrick, McmphU
G Mltcn«ll, N V Mrs Me C Reeve, l enn
\V i!uckn>tnster, Boston O A Washington. Term
E H Mason, Boston Mrs W ashing. on, Iran
J D Hilliard, Boston J L loose, CbicaKO
Wi' rhicaKO Mrs J L Losse, Chicago
C F lluim-y, Chicngo Miss Clark, Kureua
Z f t^paldlut;. Hon .lulu H Leedom, Philadelphia
O H P Noyes Yokohoma (I J Kauer & f, Palo Alto
W Harsey, san lose Mrs J I.eedom, Phila
<• stein, « hicago Mrs A B Darling, A' V
F P Perkins, H T Mrs Wptherbee, N V
C W Kvant, Chtcaco >" L sheDpard. Altoona
Mrs F P Perkins. N V Mrs sheupard, Altoona
Mrs O Posev, l^os Ang X Karl, M V
C A Buell Altoona Mrs X Karl, X V
Miss M C Burns, fit V J F Van :-aun, N V
H \V White, N V Mrs H White, N V
Wm Knabe. Ml X Warner, X V
C Wolfromer, N V J F.iconger, San Jcse
J V Smith, Seattle W Loomls. Brook yn
Miss I nrjii-.n. Brooklyn P Davis, cou terviile
Mrs J smith, Seattle J W Kendrick, C'al
C Mcßeeve, Cal J BranJiraore, Chicago
J H Smi;h, lowa ?■ rj J -mith, lowa
J Hend rson, lowa G Robiniton, N \
C H Noble. Dixon Florence Noble. Dixoa
Mrs H Nt>ble, Dizon Hazel .Noble, Dixon
Mrs J robin, B mi.' >ni J m Tobin, Burlincame
MissClementjßurlingam » Wertneim, \ v
BALDWIN HOTKL.
T 9 Taylor, San Rafael F J Ktngwell.San Rafael
P W Murphy, s Bi.rba C (.' Manindeli, X V
J B CrogseU & w, N V Miss J < rossett, N V
MissC fro'sett, N V F M Balu, Phiia
H C Schaefer, Grandßap H Susierberry, Crtervllie
X A Hicluucina, r lvardo Z < > Field, han Jose
E R Gilford, Auburn Mrs Hardwicke,Kern Cy
Mrs Benson, San Jose T J Lesher, Lansing
J T Roydas, Woodland H X P.ummer«tw,StktOn
i. Lavery,S~C'lty EverettH Smith, Vallejj
C Armsirons. LosAngelesMrs Abbo to. Butte
Miss Abboite, Butte F .h-nuiu,-, Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A J Latlln, "an Jose O R nranki, san Jose
F Thomas, MUloras S M Norton, Boston
(i W Sweet, Portland < E Kothro. St Louis
R oppermann, Sn L Obis J Kingston .t w, Seattle
THE MARINE ENGINEER.
An Officer With Vast Beapontibilitleß
Who Seldom Gets Much Credit.
From the time, less than sixty years
ago, when the first steam vessel crossed
the Atlantic, the evolution of the marine
engineer has been rapid, but he is
the one class of marine craftsman
that, above all others, has kept pace
with the developments of this fast
speeding ace, and he stands to-day the
most finished product of a cefitury that has
created more new types and more new
occupations than any tnat has preceded
it. The marine engineer to-day 1* more
important than any deck officer, but his
importance is as little recognized by the
non-seafarinp man as his identity is con
cealed from the view of those who travel
in ships. Down in tne bowels of the ves
sel, he controls not only the oropulsion,
but the steerinsr, ligbtinc, pump
ing, anchoring and ventilation of the
modern marine structure, and on the war
ship he is even responsible for the ma
nipulation ot heavy guns. The eyes that
steer the ship are those of the officer of
the watch, but the brain that guides the
ship 10 her destination and regulates her
internal economy is the brain of the ma
rine engineer. Hi» is the real responsi
bility, and, we are afraid, his is the least
share of tbe honor that is given to those
who serve their country or their employ
ers with courage and devotion on the sea.
All the world heard of the gallantry of
Captain Kane or the Calliope, in working
his ship out of the Samoan anchorage in
the teeth of a cyclone; who heard of the
struegle of the engineer officers with the
machinery down below, and how many
know even tne names ot them ? — Pall Mail
Gazette.
A young man at Munchberg, Germany,
tried to escape military service by disguis
ing himself "' a fenr-le conk.
THE CALL, ( li.I.MiAK,
April, 1897.
Mo.
w.
Kr.
M
Sa. Noon's Ph«s<
3 <CS « w Woe
<& April 1.
j Mt'Oii'l
6
10
13
15
16
17
@Foll Moon.
April IS.
22
•20
Chant
-AT
28
OCEAN STKAMKKS.
San Franelnes.
BTXAMKR j DEMTIXATION*.
SArr»s
; FIKS.
*;a ot C»;.
Coos Bar . .
TillumooK..
Newport....
Corona
Kio Janeiro, i
Pomona....
Umatilia.. .. :
Uumboiac. '
Csarina 1
Kuri'tii I
Columbia. . .
Arcaia I
Burner
Manta Kosa.!
▲Blanchard '
Farallon'. ... !
Portland
.Nfwpor:
Portland ......
I Panama........ ;
I -»n l)i«»eo. I
China A Janati |
|I' .:t;ii 1. >■ j
i Vio & Pec ana
, Humboidtßajr
I Cooi Hair !
| Newport ...... !
Portland
COM Way j
i Loos Bay !
! Baa Diego !
■ Oregon ports.. j
I aanina Ha.-.
Apr H.IUJkU
Apr 8. Pam
Apr 8, 3fm
Apr 10.12 m!
I Apr 10,11 am
! Apr 111. Ipjj
Apr 10. kru
Apr 11. 9am
Apr 11, iru
Apr 12. 13*1
Apr 13, «*«
: Apr .is hum
Apr 13. 10a y :
Apr :3.10am!
I Apr 14.11 am
Apr 14. spm
Apr 14 spm:
1-lt.t 24
rM«»r 11
Pier 13
|P M S3
Pier 11
PUS 3
etor 9
Pier 9
I Pier 3
' Pier 8
PIW 11
Her 24
: Pier II
I Pier 13
Pier 11
| Pier 13
Pipr i
STEAMER!) TO AKKIVE.
STKAMKK
From
XJUK
vv i:ißmeuo. . . . . :
CorOnA '
Monowal |
Florida >
Mumboldt !
Pomona.- ..... j
Columbia !
ICnreica. I
Gaelic :
JSorch Fore ... (
Mlneola I
larallou j
Czarina
A reals ........ |
Homer '
Queen ;
Alice Blanchurd
City Puebla
Crescent City... i
City of Para...
Wellington. .. .
Coos Bay j
Australia
Orizaba.. I
Hist* or Cal . ■
'Seattle
Man Diego
; -ydney
. Departure Bay
Humboldt Bay
j Uumboldt Bay
Portland. ■
i Newport j
Caina and Japan |
' HumnoKK bay j
Tacoma.
jVaguinaßay_
Coos Bay i
I Coos Bayl !
'Coos Bar i
; Victoria A Pugei Hound
Portland
. San bieeo j
iCr-MceDt City.; i
Panama j
; Departure Bay... j
| Newport
i Honotuiu
Mexico ,
! Port! ana .
..Apr X
Apr 8
...Aor 8
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
. Apr 10
| ..Apr 10
i ..Apr ijD
| ..Apr 10
..Apr 10
Apr 11
..Apr 11
! ..Apr 11
j .. Apr 11
1 ..Apr l'J
' ..Apr 12
; ..Apr 13
j..Apr 12
!..Apr 12
j ..Aor 13
..Apr 14
Apr 14
..Apr 14
Aor 15
bUN. 31OON AND XIUK
I'xmtß Statks Coast a.yd Gwtdf.tio eintvjrr
Times and HKIQHTS or Hisk and LOW
Waters at Fort Point. Ekhu\o> to
Kan Fbancisoo Bay. Published by Orvi-
CUL A UTHi.KITY Or THK SI'PHRLSTKNUtNT.
Not it — The high and low waters occur ai tin
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
eve minu:ea later than at Fort Point: iao Übiju,;
of tide is tlie same a: both places.
April — 189.".
Thursday. April S.
Son rises 6.43 Moon rises
Ban sets ti. 41) Moon seta...!!. 00.8 am
►jll^Feet I!^l| Feetlli^l Feet ill^ Feat
g H W I . Wi - 1 H W I !l. \V
91 3.46J
10 4.51|
L W
11 0.10
12 1.16
isl 2.10
Li | 2.58
4.4 i 9.:-ta;
4.21 10 40 1
3.8111.89
IB \V
2.81 6.03
2.5 7.05
1.8 1 8.08
1.1 9.02
O.X «.3O 3-6 10.551
0.3 7.14 5.8
1. V\ H U
3.8 12.39 0.4 7.53
3.8 1.3 M 0.5 K27
4.0 2.24 1 0.7 8.57
4 i 8.06 1.0 9.2»
I ».l
4.6
I i 7
I 6.U
Noti— ln the above ezposltloa of the tides the
early morning tides aro given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column tha third tide, and the last or right
baiM column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtracUve
from th« depth riven by »h«» chart*.
•Mllllh 1O .tlAHl>M:>.
A branch of the United states Hydrographlc
Office located in the Merchants' Excbane* is
maintained in Han Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without retard to nationality and free ol
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on bani- or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
eao always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of intertit to ocuao
commerce.
The tima ball on top of the bnlldlne on Tele
graph Hill U hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and la dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each dar lrom the
United States Naval Observaiorjr »■- Mare Island
Cat.
A notice statins whether the tlm* ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, ii
published the same day by the afternoon paper*,
and by me morning papers the following .lav.
W. 8. HuoHica.
Lieutenant, U. 8. N., in charge. ■
The Time Ball.
ellnch htdbooraphic Office, U. B. N."»
Merchants' Exchavob >-
San Fbancisco. April 7. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hil> was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. «■.. At noon of the 12Uia
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v., Greenwich time. -
W. S. Hushks,
I Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge. -
SHIPPING ESTELLIGEXOE. ,
■ . Arrived.
WEDNESDAY. April 7.
Stmr Coquilia River, Paton. 2 days from Co
qullle River; pass and maae, to O C Benjamin.
Mtur City of Jiverrtt, Laverge, M'j hours from
Nanaimo; ; 2GSU tons coal, to John Kosenfbld's
Sons.
stmr Weeott, Miller. 15 boars from Fort Bragg;
. 392 M ft lumber, to "Union Lumber Co.
Htmr Umatllla. Hunter. b3 Hours from Vic
toria and l'utte. bound; pass and incise, 10 Goodall,
Perkins <fc Co. ■
Stmr National City, .'Andresen, 22 hours from
Albion, lura- er. to U A Hooper & Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen. 14 noun from N't
varro: 7534 tiei, to C A Hooper & Co.
ling W U Irwin, Williams, 15 days trom Hono
lulu; »i) gar and rice, to J U npreckeis A Bros Co.
schrH C Wrisjbt. Oisen, 18 days from Kahului;
8746 bacs sugar, to MeianJer & Baldwin.
Schr Mary Etta, Zaditart, 24 noun from Stlll
wat<»r Cove; wood »nd pos.s, to Bender Bros.
Schr Newark, ijeclt, 16 noun from Bowens
Landing, lumber and posts, to F Hey wood.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. April 7.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Uoodall, Per
kins <& Co.
stmr Slate of California, Green, Astoria: Good
•11. Perkins & Co.
Bktn chenails. Slmonsen, Vlallvostoelc; Haw
le/ Bros Hardware Co.
bailed.
Wednesday, April 7.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
htmr Kxc^lslor. Himins, Eur«jca.
Stmr Propreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Comox.
Btmr Crescent City, Allen, Crescent Cicr
Baric Gen It alrchlid. Branuan. Nanatmo
Bark Tbeobald, Cameron. Cooks iuiet. * c
Bkta Ch«ha:is. Slmonsoa, Vladlvostock
Schr Christina Steffens, Xordling, Kisis Mill.
Schr Reliance, lumen, Timber Cove.
Bclir Mary c. Camp.>eil. Bodega.
bchr Arcnle and Kontie. Colstrup.
Schr Bobolink. Nelson, Mendoclno.
' Telegraphic.
rOIXT i.nß>!i AorU 7.-10 p. it-Weather
hazy:, wind I»W;. vi-iuci./. la uu'i. rj;;.;,.,^
Charters.
The schr Ethel Zane loais mdge for Kodlak;
Br ship superb, lumber on the -ound for Free
mantle, 47s «d: Nor snip Prince Robert, lumber
on the Sound for Port Pirle, 32s 6d.
. ' . >poken. . ■■
Marß-LatllS. < ion X 35 W, Br ship Drumrock,
from Tacoma, for Liverpool. .
Domestic Port*.
■ PORT BLAKKLEY-Satled Apr 6-Br ship Mt
Carmel, for Queenjtown. \ "■.
Ariivei Apr c— s C hr Excelsior, from San Pedro.
EiMT-rr i '* cr *' n ' 1 Tu*y er, from Kan Pudro.
KedotdJ ' -Sailed Apr 7— Schr Roy Somers. for
S ol^o^ffor A^^afcrs^ Ued APf 7 - Stmf
Apr 7 - B "* ip
GREENWOOD-Sailed Apr 7-Stmr Whites-
7-Stmr Protection, for
Sa UMpa n UA C -i?aiiea Apr 6-schr Louise, lor San
Pedro- schr Sadie, tor San Francisco.
KIJKKKA-Arrivea Apr 7-stmr Pomona, bnce
A BEAR HARBOfI- Arrived Apr 7-S:mt West-
P TATOo' H^Pa^Apr 7-Stmr Santa Crua,
"coo* Arrived Apr 6— Schr Seven Sit
teis. hence M»r 30. Czarina, hence Apr 5.
Arrl *l Apr 7-strar Czarina, hence Apr 5.
ALBION -Arrived Apr 7-stmr S.oua, hence
A sailed Apr 7-Stmr Point Arena, for San Fran-
C IJSAL-Salle'd Apr 7— Stmr < Newsboy, for San
Fianc.s.o. :
Foreign Porti.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Apr 7— Stmr Farol
°LlVifiKPooL-Bal!ed Apr 6-Brship Finmore,
lrom Shieus, for s»n Francisco. . . - " -j
CALKTA iiUKXA- Apr 2-Br ship Carl
from Oregon. ,  ■. _.
■SYDNEY— Arrived Apr 3-Br ship City of Flor
ence, from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Apr 3— Ger snip
Ham. hence Jan 2H. '■"■', "■-•.";■ ';'
GLOUCESTER— Arrived Apr 4— Br snip Albyn,
hence Nov 13.
LKITH-Arrlved Apr ship Dunflon, hnce
Oct 27. ■•'•"•.■-. ■:- . ' ,-.
ACaPULCO— Sailed Apr 6— Stmr City of Para.
for San rancUco.
HONOLULU— Pa«»ed Mor 26-Barlc Snow.and
Burgess, hence Mar 13. for Viadtvostock.
Arrives Mar 6-scbr Twilight, hence Feb
26.
BREMKN-Sailed Apr 4-Ger ship H F Glade,
for Honolulu.
Movement* of Tram- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK- Arrived Apr 7-Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Mollne, from Lon
don.
nailed Apr 7— Htm r Majestic, for Liverpool; almr
Noordlnnd, for Antwerp.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out Apr 7— Stmr Is
land. ■■*:■-■ ■ ■'---'I' -■■"■■'; U~-'. .
LlZAßD— Passed Apr 7— Stmr New York, from
New York, for Southampton.
Importation*.
HONOLULU— Per W G Jrwin-1460 bags rice,
7900 Dags sogar. • ■
COQMLLF. KIVEB— Per Coqullle River— 9 bis
flannel, 2ttU O.i ls 188 cs broom Handles, 1 keg fish,
200 tons coal, 1 axle.
VICTORIA— Per Umatllla-1 sk coin. 1 chest
express, 3 sks ore.3 nils switches.B btU wool, 3d&
bdis hides on i skins. • lot household goods.
Departure Bay 1073 tons coal.
Seattle via U N Ry— 2htt7 ing its copper, 250 ht
sks Hour.
seatte— l2 bxs S plates. - sks coin, 3cs hats, 2
sks o.sters, 1 bx cigars, 6 obis copper. 12 cs patent
medicine, 7 pkgg express, 4 wh.eis. 1 wavon. 6
tubs butter, 1 a miilinerv, lea dry goods. 601
bdis aides, '20 bxs smoked fish, 2 lots household
goods, 1 t>X poultry.
tverett— 294 bdis sliookj, 1400 ban Dulllon, 1
bz boo.*. % i 4 bdis paper.
Anacortes— looo bbli lime.
New sv'hMcom— 2 cs lamp globes, 20 Umbers, 1
bx dry goods.
Tacoma west of Far:o— l. can oil. 1 roll carpet,
mbt hl-sks flour. S2J sks flax, 49 bdis hoops.
Taco.na— 1 lot household ;oods. IS rolls mattln?,
1 ci dry goods, 29 sk« 2 bbls bones, ; 80 bars bul
l.or, les coffee.
Vancouver — 15 bdis cheese, 1 lot household
good*.
• .East via C P R R— *"0 cs condensed milk, 25
bb'.s '250 bxs starch, 2 bxs extracts. 42 cs boots
and sho a 0 cs clears, 21 piano* 2cs clothing. 1
bx chairs, '£ cs names. 330 cs tobacco, ltt cs un
derwear. 10 cs hosiery, 303 bbls linseed oil, 160
bins 108 kegs glucose
Coniticrnoea*
Per Coxulllo River— Bandon Woolen-mills : J A
Lyons: llulme <t Hart: J Demartlnl & Co: Paci
fic Coast Fijh Co; Water house <fc Lester: W Q
Stafford.
Per \V G Irwln- J D Sprockets & Bros Co ; M 8
Grinbaum: Williams, Dlmond * Co.
P»r Umatllla-O C«fe.N Co: Tillmann & Bendel ;
W P Fuller Co: Murphy, Grant A Co: L S-<ronl
6 < o; American Tobacco Co: JXain <fe Winchester:
L D Stone & Co; Buckingham, Hecht<£ Co: J»m—i
Hoey: A J Braver <£ Sous: Williams, K'.mn <t Co:
Haas Bros; O P Downing dfc co: Rothschild <ft
Ehsonller; Sherman, Clay & Co; | Wieland Bros; V
Chevalier & Co: selby bmelilne and Lead Co; W
E Wine; Northern LnmoerCo: Western Roll
PaperCo; a f Taylor*. Sons: .1 Delvnig <fc Co: F
W HigginsACo; Gardner & Thornley: Tacoma
and Roche Harbor Lime Co: Mutual Klecric
Light Co: D N & E Walters: Bellineham Bay Imp
Co: OF Jobnsoa: Pacific lio ie and < oa. Fertilizer
Co: Viking brewery ; Washington MfgCo: Italian-
Swiss Colony; The Singer hewing Machine Co;
Catholic Art anl Book store: Blsslncer Co: L X
Covey: Getz Bros <fc Co: Moore, Ferguson & Co: C
O i-mith: J X Armsby & Co; Wells, Fargo <fc Co; A.
Sh«;fi?ld: Amer Press Assn: Ko/al Milling Co; W
T G^rrett & to; MacK ik Co; Pacific: Wooden ware
Co; m Shelvater; KW Newhall; Duff Co; JII
Johnson: Joshua Hendy Machine Co: F Toplliz A
Co: Koval Milllnß Co: (.'liver & Co; H Waldack &
Co; Goodall, Perkins & Co; Giant Powder Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAY jOfgt m
wharf. San Francisco, is follows: «r"fTr
' For uorl« In Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, SI, i-&
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 a. 11.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, aroma. Everett, Anacortea and
New Wnaicom (lielllccham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 1.6,11. 16, 21, 26 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., atTacoma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with (i.
N. Ky., at Port Town send with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum*
boldt Bay). Str. Pomona 2 p. m., April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18. S3, 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
: For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Port Harford (ban Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East Sa»
Pedro (Los Anireles) and Newport, at 9 a. ic.
April 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. -■!, 28, and every i«artn
day thereafter. : . •. .
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), banta Barbara, Port Los An-
relej. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. April 2. 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseaada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, Lt
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. if. 2&th of each month.
') he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers. sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket offica— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents,
■• 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THEO. R.&IM. CO.
.DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
FA T>T? f«l2 Firnt-class \ Including
iiXiJCjtsß Second-class /berth &m»a!i
SCHEDULE Off SAILINGS:
Columbia — March 24. April 3, 13,
State of California.. March 29, April 8, 18, 28
Through tickets and through bagga-e to ail •
Eastern points. Kates and Solders upon appltca-
T. F. CONNOR. General Ajrent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Market street.
GOODALL. PERK INS & CO- Mip»rtiU)»nd»v.*
PHIalHM|4| S- for
ISbflllll. H O N U L V L U oalr,
I ■*■■■'" Tuesday, April 20, at
q*s^T\ 2 p. m. 6ptclalpany
§pshp-> ..K-^h^^AJ
rtMrymShlD^ Thes.B. MONO WAI
C;lW(IIJlllU sai i s Vla HONOLULU
• /OinfiJwU* and AUCKLAND for
\yilipUlCq^ sY D N Y. Thursday,
April 29, 2 p. m.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, AusU.and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. ,
J. D. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Monti;om.-rv street.
Freight office, 327 Mark -1 street. >an Francl^o.
CO MPAGSIE GESERAL TRMSATIAITI^Da
• .;K> French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH jr> jm
\J River, foot, of Morton it. Travelers br iw2SJ»
this line avoid both transit by English railway in
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat, .New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parlj.
first class «160. second class »116.
LANORMANDIE. April 17, 10 a. st
LA CHAMjAG.NK April 21, lUa m.
LA OABOOGKK May I,' 10 a' si
LATOURAINE May 8, lot i.'
LA BBKTAONB M» 15. 10 £i"
MS" For further particulars apply to •
' w ■» o A. FORGET, Agent.
. „ trrrniV^ * ™ lin l! Greea, New York.
av^nSe.^F^ncfsc^ Agenta - » Mo"*™*,
«S^Q a lI A JIBURG- AMERICAS LHS
gg??#"gfggf> TWIN-SCItEW EXI'RK-ij
1 ■■'■■ ■_ ' Lino from New York to i
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris <fc liambur*
>-. Bismarck Apri. •8■ F. Bismarck m, v "7
Normannla..... April 29 Norma,iiuia .. ' June i
Columbia ..iiay 13 | Columbia.. Jun 9 11
Haml»urg-Ainpric!in Linn, 37 B'wav V V
STOCKTOJS STEAMERS
h? a *ys Tr ie £ No- 3 - Washington St.
At 6 P. M. Daay. Freight received tip
«- Accommodations Reserved by Telephoa^
1 he only Un seilinc through tickets and g;vin|
through freight rates to all points ou V*ll«/
Railroad. " "
STUMERS:
T. C. Walker, • ..J. D. p e ter»
M ? r , T arr * tfc> City of Stoe«t«.
'lelephone Main 803. Cau Kav. aud Imp- <J «
FOII U. S. lATYfiai AND VALLEJO.
» STKAMKK ''MOXTICELLO,
Mon - Q T ue 3 - «J"'Ttau"rB7lnd Sat
Fridays" t* 3 :16 "* ( 9 K?-«3o l ?S
P : ------ 10:30 ;:V P a M nd I S 1
landing and offices. Mission Dock -'•
. .lelepnone Green 381. , ■■ ■ i
ibaiurday excepud) ai 7 p an*BLAMED HIS ARM
FOR CAUSING PAIN
Hans Olsen Asked That His
Amputated Limb Be
Eased.
Three Instances Where Patients
Have Made the Same
Request
Doctors Assert That the R asm Is
Easily Exp ained by a Litt c
Exercise of Philosophy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 7- )
The story of John Quaiter9 that was
published in this morning's Call received
astram-e verification this morning. Q ia'
ters, after the amputation of his loot, de
clared that the dismembered limb was
troubiine him much on account of its be
ing cramped, as though it was still at
tached to him. Steward Tobin of the
Receiving Hospital says that ths experi-
Scene in Judge Hall's Courtroom Showing the Great Interest Taken in the Trial of the Contest
Brought by Ex-Mayor Davie to Oust Mayor Thomas.
ence of Qnalters is very remarkable,
though not uncommon.
At an early hour tbis morning a man
named Hans Oisen was brought to the
hospital suffering from a crushed arm.
He had been struck by a freight train
somewhere near Berkeley, and wrien
brought to the hospital was suffering
acutely. An examination of his injury
convinced the doctors that it would be
necessary to amputate the arm near the
shoulder. The operation was performed
and Olsen was put to bed in the ward.
A few minutes later the doctor was fold
ing the arm at the elbow to wrap up and
take away with him. At the same time
Steward Tobin heard Olsen screaming in
his cot. He went at once to the sufferer,
who said thai be could feel his missing
«rra being doubled up, and he requested
that it be at onre straightened out into a
comfortable position. Both the steward
and the doctor convinced Oisen that his
limb woulil be buried in a position of
comfort and tha sufferer at once said that
the pain that he Lad felt had left him.
A few months ago Mrs. Gatters, wife of
a well-known barber, experienced the
Bame Annoyance from a dismembered
limb. Mrs. Gatters was out hunting and
in drawing her gun after her tnrougb a
ience the weapon accidentally exploded
and the charge shattered her leg. ft was
necessary to perform amputation and the
member was duly buried.
Mr?. Gutters soon after complained of
suffering great discomfort and pain from
her missing limb, and she was not re
lieved until the leg was disinterred and
plated in another position, since which
tim- it ims eased to troublce her.
Dr. 0. 0. Hnmlin, one of the leading
surgeons o! this city, said to-day that such
instances are not uncommon in -urgical
practice.
■'It is not at all unreasonable," iad he,
•'for any one to have such an experience
when we apply a little common-sensa to
the existing condition*. A patient who
Buffers amputation has been accustomed
to the use of th* iimb all his life. Hi*
mind is accustomed to think of his body
as a whole, and when one member is
taken away it ii very easy to conceive that
it will be a iong while be.ore a man'? mind
can fully realize tbat it has Jo-t control
absolutely o( one portion of his body. At
such times there is always, of course,
acute pain on account of the amputation,
and the mind will naturally revert to that
portion of the body.
"Not being accustomed to attribute pain
to a condition of affairs with which his
mind is entirely unfamiliar, he naturally
attributes it to the condition of affairs
to which it is accustomed. In the case of
Qnalters, hi« limb would naturally leel
peculiar to him. It would be painful,
and it would be but natural for him to
imagine that the Kmb was causing it.
When convinced that the limb s in a po
sition of comjort then his mind is at reat.
Ido not fee how any other intelligent
explanation can be made."
Dr. O. L. Jones, who has given consider
able attention to such matters and who
has traveled exiensivt-ly among the un
civilized tribes of Africa, says that such
conditions s ould can<e no surprise. ''In
South nnd Central Africa," he sayg, "»uch
ideas are frequently found, because the
medicine man realize; to a great extent
the effect o: mind over matter.
"To a great degree thry niay upon this
knowledge and claim to effect cures with
ht(\ «kiii--. «**'<«. i nrk Hn<! wli kinds of
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzom'h is a true
beautifier, whose effects are lasting. j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
insects, where in reality such thines *r»
not helping the patient a particle except
to the extent that the faith they place on
them works upon their minds. In cases
like tho-e of Qualters and Olsen it is sim
ply th.it their minds finding their ampu
tated limbs do not rp«pon<l aa usual to
their volition the patient seeks around in
his mind to discover some reason for it.
Very naturally, not realizing in a hurry
Chat part of him is dead, while he himself
lives, he lays all the blame on the missing
member."
A DESULTORY RECOUNT.
So One Taken Any Int*re<it in the
Dnvie-Tiiomas Contest*
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— The great
contest over the Mayoralty is a dire fail
ure. Not only does it fj«il to decrease
M.-iyor Thomas' majority, but it fails to
interest the public, and Judge Hall's
court is deserted, except for the teller
and caller.
None of the alleged frauds are devolop
ing and the recount shows that tbe .'fncers
of election were not the venal people that
they were said to be. Instead, the ballotß
show that the official count was a very
ordinary one and that the officers made
tbe usual number of mistakes and no
more, and the di?crepnncies appear to
have been made as much in favor of one
candidate as anotber.
One precinct invalope was found on
which the seal was broken, an i after an
argument Jud^e Hail admitted It and or
dered it to be counted. There are about
forty ballots held in reserve, and these
will" be held by the court until the recount
is completed. From present indications
it looks as though Mayor Thomas' major-
ity may be decreased by about 10, unless
some unlooked-for event happens.
WEDDED IN A HURRY.
Boys and ' Girls Croat the Bay and
Return a* Husbands and
Wives.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— Frank Holt
and Miss Mamie Lund came from San
Francisco to be married. They were ac
companied by Herman Brockman and
Miss Katie O'Brien. As they walked up
and down Broadway, evidently rather
reticent about going to the Clerk's office,
they attracted considerable attention as
they paraded two by two.
After a while they asked the way to
the County i lerk's office, and the four
children, for they looked like school boys
and girls out for a picnic, were directed to
the county buildings. Holt asked Deputy
Cal Ewlng for a license, and no sooner
bad he spoken than Brockman very ab
ruptly said, "Me. too." This declaration
on the part of the letter was evidently a
surprise to everybody present except Miss
Katie O'Brien. A. little inquiry developed
the fact that while parading Broadway
Herman and Katie had made up their
minds to follow the example of Jfranic
and Mamie.
Everything being legal, and the young
men urearing tbat the young ladies in
short dresses were 18 years of age, the
licenses were granted, and a few minutes
later, amid giggling and joking, the quar
tet appeared before Judge Clift and were
duly joined in holy wedlock.
Judge Clift would not have been sur
prised if the young ladies had told him
ih.it they were but 14, for they certainly
looked nearer '.hat than 18. The young
men gave their ages as 21 and 24, and no
body would have taken them lor being
any older. After the ceremony the quar
tet took the lirst train back to San rran
citco.
New Boulevard Planned.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— The Board
of Trade is considering a new route across
the i ills in Contra Costa County. Ivor
many years ail kinds of projects have
been entertained, but now Mr. Sjhst, a
director o! the Exchange, has come to
the cone usion tnat a road sboud be
built whicn will be such a desirable boule
vard that instead of Oaklanders running
to San Francisco to enjoy the r;de at
Golden Gate Park they will come over
here and take advantage of the new boule
vard. Ti.e proposed road has already
been surveyed and staked, and it is
claimed it can be built for $50u0.
All Know Silver.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— George W.
Silver, who is now in the San Francisco
jail, is the tame Bilver that has been no
lorio-.is on this siue of the bay for many
years. Some tim« ago he was convicted
of forgery by Attorney Tappan of Ala
meda and sent across the bay. He was
p»rdoned on the understanding that he
Irave the State. He suffers from crippled
iirubs and ia well known by court habi
tues. It is quite in keeping w,th his past
character that he should have tried to
prey on gullible individuals with stories
of bant accounts and gold mines.
l.i X Rnal Estate Movement.
OAKLAND, ( AL., April 7.— The former
old farm known us Adams Point s to
become a part of the residence part of
Oakisnd. its owners have at last decided
to subdivide it into villa iois. This prop
erty, near Lake Merritt, has been held for
thirty years and its snle is one of the most
active signs in the real estate market that
has been noted for live years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, IS9T.
TWO STORIES OF
A BEATEN MAN
Manager Frost Tells How
He Was Most Brutally
Maltreated.
Detectives Unravel Another
Tale of an Anonymous
Letter and a Girl.
Both Men Were Assailed at th« Same
Place, but Apparently for
Different Radons.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 7. f
The police and detective force are strug
gling with a genuine mystery. Although
satisfied that they have solved it the tes
timony of some of the principals li 10
greatly at variance as to leave some ap
parent but no real doubt.
Myron Frost, manager of the Oakland
Lumber Company, is confined to his bed
with fearful injuries to his head, having
been seriously beaten last Friday night
in a very pecular raannei. His face and
eyes when seen to-night were black, blue
and yellow from bruises, and it will be
several days before he is able to get up.
He received the beating outside the Ebell
clubhouse and that structure still bear-i
the stains from the cuts that were made
on his head when he was being knocked
against it by his assailants.
Detective Williems has made a very
complete investigation and has discovered
the following facts: Several days ago a
young woman, said to be Miss May Gilli
gan, received an anonjmous letter, asking
her to meet the writer at the corner of
Alice and Fifth streets. Sue was a little
suspicious, but confided the affair to a
young man with whom she was keeping
company, lie advised her to keep the
appointment and promised to keep watch
with some friends and see that no barm
befell her. On Friday night she was at
the appointed place on time and found a
gentleman there.
Her newly made friend proposed a walk
up to the Kbell building lot at Thirteenth
and Harrison streets, which is owned by
the proprietor of the lumber-mill where
Mr. Frost is manager. On reaching the
building the man proposed that they pas*
vhrouah a dark pnssape back of the bund
ing. The girl demurred, and her com
panion was about to use lorce when three
young men came into view, and wheu the
man struck one of them it was a signal
for a general melre. The girl fled, and
after teating her companion the three
fellows took to their heels.
The same night Mr. Frost was tear
fully beaten in the rear of tbe Ebell build
ing, but he denies ever seeing a girl there,
or knowing anything about one.
Mr. Frost lives in a comfortable home
with his wife. When seen to-night he
said :
"I am ratisSed that my assailants were
old-time enemies. I <ou'.d give two or
tbre? co uinns of their history and then
no one would be any wiser. 1 have an
impression of them in my nun :, but none
that I could swear to. 1 don't want to
p>ace them on. their guard by teliing them
what I i ropose to do. That would not
do. They are the name .-et that assaulted
Mr. Reed four or five years ago. I knew
they wer* alter me. They did not mis
take me for some on* else. I was simply
doing a little job for Mr. Reed, measuring
a window of his building for a screen."
"If Frost's story be true." said Detective
Williams, "ihere must have been two men
b-nten at the back of the £bell building.
Hi has toid me that be was beaten by ruf
tians whom he would not recocnize and
consequently that he cannot swear to war
rants against them. Ue fir.it said ha aid
not see any one, ana later confessed that
he saw three men. The blows came from
the front rather than the back. He de
nied thai he made any outcry or defended
himself, as it was nil so »v tcten. His hat,
found on lhe scene of action, torn in two,
shows how fierce the battle was. I am
perfectly sati.-n-d that he has not told me
all he knows. People in (he neighborhood
heard a cry, bui as it was not repeated
they paid no further attention to it. We
know all of the three nssai.an:«, and if
Frost will not swear to the complaints we
shall put Ins story down as lacking cre
dence."
Miss Gilligan adds to the mystery. She
says she knows nothing about the r.ffair.
"Why do you come to me ? I have only
heard of it. I told Mr. Williams all I
knew. I was at work both afternoon and
evening of that day. I did not receive a
leter to meet any one. and did not meet
any one by appointment.''
BURNED BY GAS.
Fred CheUon's Search for a Leak
• iMni'il an Explosion.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— Fred Chel
-Bon was severely burned to-nieht at the
Jud.^on Iron Works by an explosion of
petroleum. Chelson is water-tender at
the works, and c was unpaged this even
ing in drawing off petroleum from the
tank on a car into the tanks at the works.
There was a leak in the pipe and Chelson
took a lamp to locate it.
He found it sooner than he expected'
and the escaping gas was ignited by the
lamp. There wa» an explosion, and for a
brief space Chelson. car arid pipe were en
veloped in flume*. As the man-hole was
off the tank the flames were not confined,
but could escape, and so very little dam
age was done.
Chelson was brought to the receiving
hospital and his hands, face and breast
were foui.d to be severely burned. He
was able to go home after his wounds
were dressed.
FIREMEN MUCH EXCITED.
A New Lair Making the Office of Chief
Elective in Fifth-Class
Cities.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 7.— The volun
teer members of the Fire Department of
this city are much wrought up this after
noon over the publication of a bill ap
proved March 27, 1897, which provides
that in cities of the fifth class, which is
Alameaa's rank, the Chief of the Fire De
partment shall be elected by the mem
bers, subject to confirmation by the Board
of Trustees of the city. The joke lies in
the fact that few or none knew that such
a measure was before the last Legislature,
much less that it was enacted and ap
proved. In Alamsda the Chief was al
ways elected until about a year ago, when
to place greater responsibilities on his
shoulders the office was made appointive,
and Chief F. K. Krauth Jr. was named to
succeed himself. This was while a con
test was pending between him and Max
Oundlach as to the result of the last pre
viously held election in February, 1896,
when it was said that for that election
company rolls were swelled with men
who never seriously intended to do fire
duty, but were brought in to vote.
Chief Krauth, who knew of the exist
ence of some measure affecting fire de
partments of cities of Aianit>d*i's class,
though having no knowledge of its pro
visions, is inclined to believe from a read
ing oi the bill that it does away altogether
with the paid members of the depart
ment, iv that it refers only to volunteer
companies and makes provision for the
paid services of no one save the Cuief.
lie argues that it is faulty in various re
spects, not the least of which is the one
that no tenure is prescribed for the Chief.
Chief Krauth says the effect of the bill
wilt bo in Alameda to relegate its depart
ment to that of a rural community. City
Attorney Taylor, who is tree to confess
that be had no knowledge of the bill, does
not think that its effect will be to dis
pense with paid firemen, for they are pro
vided for under a general clause of the
city charter. Both officials are wondering,
however, just whera the joker in the bill
comes in and what was the motive for its
enactment.
Uniformity in Vacations.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 7.— Directors
Tisdale ana Knowles of the Board of Edu
cation and Superintendent Sullivan have
been appointed a committee to confer
with representatives from the school
boards of San Francisco, Oakland and
Berkeley to the end that there may be
uniformity in the time for holding school
vacations in the cities named, especially
during the midsummer season. The
movement is the suggestion of the Ala
nieda County Teachers' Benefit Associa
tion. V ; 7; >';*>
A Society .Event.
ALAMEDA. Cal, April 7. — Announce
ment has been made of the engagement in
marriage of Miss Maud Milter and J. H.
Masterson of San Francisco and of the
lumber i.mi of Hickman & Masterson.
Mis* Miller is the daughter of the super
intendent of the Pacific Coast Oil Works.
BERKELEY DEFEATS RELIANCE.
Collegian* Win From Clubmen at Base
ball by a score of 9 to 3.
BERKELEY. Cal.. April 7.— The Uni
versity Club baseball nine defeated the
Reliance team this afternoon on the
Berkeley diamond by a score of 9to 3.
Oliver in the box and Lanyon behind tin
bat formed the Reliance battery, while
Kaarsburg and Sykes alternated at pitch
ing for th.3 University Club nine, Wheeler
playing behind the bat. Following were
the players and their positions:
Berkeley. Position*. Reliance.
§£■?"*} Pltcher Ollw
Wheeler Catcher I.anyon
Hennf-sey First base WiUon
Klstou Secon-i base. Arlett
Km? Third base Dean
McLaren shortstop Vallojo
H»ll Right Held ChicK
i be.ieorough Center Held Ireland
?v"" bU . r *:} **» field Mc.Nuliy
Berkeley— At bat 30, rum 9. base hits 8, stolen
baies:6, putouts 21, assists 9. errors 3.
Reliance— At bat 23. runs 3. base bits 6, ttolen
bases 5, putouts 18, assists 8, errors 3.
"Kxei" li August.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 7.— A1l the
examinations fur entrance to the State
University will bo held in -August this
year, and will be conducted' at Berkeley
only. Hitherto they have been divided
between May and August, and have been
held in various sections of the State simul
taneously. This change has been largely
due to the increasing number of accred
ited schools in the State.
I'.ricf Nt-iv« Itfliu*.
BERKELEY, CaL., April 7.— W. W. Bristol
has resigned as manager of the Students' Aid
Society at the State University. He will be
succeeded by D. M. Curtis.
Professor nnd Mrs. Bernard Moses will trive
a .awn party and tea to the Graduate Club
during commencement week.
The students at the State University paid
their assessment of $'250 yesterday for a gradu
ate scholarchip, which they had pledged.
Frofessor Bailey will address the University
Y. M. C. A. to-morrow afternoon on "The In
dividuality of the Spiritual L:le."
Dr. J. C. Merrlam addressed the Science As
socintlon last evening on "The Criteria of
Geological Correlations and Their Relation to
West Coast Tertiaria."
William F. Lawson '93, who is at the present
time principal of tin- San Rafael High School,
has been promiuently mentioned for the
professorship of the Scandinavian languages
at the university, should the position b.- cre
ated by the Resents in response to the peti
tion recently circulated through the State.
WANT MOETON'S SOALP.
A fro- American League Make* Charges
Against Its President.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7. —The Afro-
American State League has pre. erred
serious charges agniusi T. B. Morton, the
pre.^fdent. and he has been cited to appear
for trial at the headquarters of the league
at 876 Broadway on Tuesday evening,
April 27.
The charges all relate to politics and
allege that Morton was guilty of double
dealing with candidates in the recent San
Francisco municipal campaign. He is
also charged with pledging indorsements
of the league to particular candidates.
The circular calling the meeting concludes:
"Appended to these charges are the
sweeping charge* and exoose made against
T. B. Morion by W. E. Henderson, former
lecturer of tho league and political confi
dant in these matters of the president, of
receiving money from the political candi
dates for office, whether Republicans or
Democrats."
PUTTING UP
FAST BASEBALL
Berkeley Players Rounding
Rapidly Into Good
Form.
Upon Their Batting and en Their
Pitcher They Base Their
Hopes.
More Hopeful Ths Year for Succ ss
The Nine Which Will Meet
Stanford N m d.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 7.— The finish
ing touches are now being put on Berke
ley's baseball team in preparation for the
first of the three matcnes with Stanford
on Saturday. The nine has practically
been decided upon with the exception,
perhaps, of the center field and coachers.
Nott and Cohen have had the men we 1
in hand for some time, and are now de
voting their attention to teaching the
finer points of the game. Batting prac-
tice has been a feature of the course of
training laid during the past two weeks.
Nott has been teaching the boys how to
place balls and how to strike effectively,
with the result that they are doing vastly
better work than when" they followed no
scientific principles while at the bat.
The entire team 1% rounding into good
form and all the old players are out again.
Hennesey ana Krug. who played at first
and third respectively on last year's Var
sity nine, have recently been laid up with
sprained ankles, but are once more at
i heir places. The injuries to Krug and
Hennesey caused Berkeley's standard to
droop for a time, but with their return
hopes of a successful series of contests
against the Palo Alto players have been
renewed. Wheeler of last year's team is
certain of his place behind the bat.
Kaamburg will pitch in Saturday's
game against the Paio Alto nine and
Svke?, lU3 rival in the box, will hold down
one of the outiieia positions. Hennessy
will take his old place at tirst, though
slightly handicapped by his recent sprain.
Captain Elston is m fixture at second and
King at third. McLaren at short, though
erratic in the early past of the season, is
again in form and will bold his old place.
His batting is much better than last year.
In fact, all the men havo improved greatly
under the tutelage of Nott, who has been
making a specialty of batting in his in
struction.
The entire infield with the exception of
Kaarsbure, who takes Mordeu's place in
the box, is made up of 96 Varsity players.
This fact is looked upon as being consider
able of an advantage for the Berkeley
men. Several new men will be found in
the field clamoring for place* on the team.
Hoag is still the surest fielder, and he
will probably stay at left, with Sykes at
right.
As for center field Foster, Hall, Proctor,
Wilson an 1 Chesebrough each seem to
stand an equal chance of winning oat.
Hall is a likely man for this place, as he
is a hard hitter and a good base, runner. ■
The Berkeley men are depending for
their success very largely on their batting
and the work of Kaarsburg in the box.
They claim to have a better pitcher than
Stanford, and upon him and upon ttieir
work at the bat they base their hopes of
success.
OFFICIAL CHANGES.
Ex-Editor Porter Would Like to Han
Charge of the Streets
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— Fire Chief
Fair presented charges to-day to the Com
missioners against W. B. Smith, foreman
of chemical No. 1, who is at present under
suspension. The Chief states that Smith
is guilty of insubordination by causing the
publication of an article reflecting on the
Chief, and which he alleges is detrimental
to the discipline and welfare of the de
partment. In conclusion, Fair asked that
Smith be dismissed. The board will try
the charge next Saturday morning.
The struggle for the Chief's position is
still 'ins waged. This morning several
firms sent id petitions that he be retailed.
. William A. Townsend of West Oakland
also sent in an application to be made
chief of the department.
F. R. Porter has made application to be
appointed as Superintendent of- Streets.
In his application, he says:
In the event of the displacement presently
of the iin'iiuii cn 1 of the ofilce of Street Super
lateadent kindly bear me in mind as an avail
able candidate for said position. I introduced
the bituminous rock pavement In Oakland and
l:ave been behind i lie ngitHtion in titvor of that
street surface- 1 favor its employment on
every business thoroughfare in this city. Mr
pol.cy would be good streets and fine, that Is
to say, clean utre ts. The fourteen or fifteen
years of my life In Oakland have been devoted
to the development ot ihii peerlets. town and
Auction Sales
v,-ci''C-' ■ ■ . ' '-•*,/>.- . <■ . '•.-■;■'."-.• '-'■'. -.ii»
-FDRIITURE STORE. . ':--
THIS DAY (THI'KiDAV) AT 2 P. M.
1 1806 MUrkot St., Near Van Ness,
FRANK W. BUTTKKFIKLD. Auctioneer.
6U2 Market street.
my activity as a newspaper manager and edi
tor cannot be quoted to my discredit.
Aylwartl'i Suit Dismissed.
OAKLAND Cal., April 7. — John Ayl
waid wiildi miss the suit brought by lam
a&rainst the L vermoro W:iter and Power
Company to-morrow. S.nce court nd
j mrned yesterday a coherence wat held
t>etweeii the attorneys and the principals,
which resulted in the purchase by the
other members of the company of the
shares held by Aylward. Tiie plaintiff
bad 666^ shares of the par value of $100,
and ;ne .erms of the compromise have not
been made public.
A Gent .einen'fl Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— To-morrow
evening the Renance (Jluu will hold a
gentlemen's night. William Hotran and
''Chappiu" Porteous and Mike McCormicK
and "Spika" Hennessy will box eight
round* each, and Jeffries and Woods will
give an exhibition. Lewis and McMahon
will box four rounds and Danny Needham
and Bert Brown will box three rounds.
H. Sbellhaa« Fail*.
OAKLAND, Cal, April 7.— H. Schell
haas, the furniture - dealer, has ril»<l a
petition in insolvency. He owes $12,
--127 97. and his assets are estimated at
$11,561 96. The average bills of unsecured
creditors is aDout $200.
Killed His Little One*.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— The suit of
Members of Berkeley's Baseball Team.
I Frank E. Booth against the Oakland Con
solidateu Company for $50,220 80. on ac
count of the killing of his little daughters,
is on trial. The children were run over by
an electric-car at Eighth and Adeline
streets in March, 189 S. Tsie jury has been
completed and testimony commenced be
fore Judge Ellsworth.
EXPOUND BIBLE TRUTHS.
Second-Day Sessions of the State
Sunday-School Conven
tion.
Resolution and Nomination Commit
tees Appointed and Reports
Submitted.
There was no time lost at the State
Sunday-scbool Convention yesterday. The
early morning session found 400 delegates
present, all eager and anxious to go on
with the work mapped out the previous
evening.
Rev. Oliver C. Miller led the service of
song and prayer.
President Henry Morton of Ban Jose
submitted the candidates for the commit
tees on nomination and resolution, and
the following delegates were nominated:
Committee on rcsulutlous— F. D. Seward of
Fresno, 8. W. Ferguson of AUmeda, Dr. Charles
S. Cowen of Fort Jones.
Committee on nominations — Rev. F. D.
Broad, Alameda; Rev. G. W. Swift, Stockton;
Mi»p Fanny Campbell, Sacramento; Rev. V. G.
A. Tressler, San Jose; Rev. F. H. Robiusou,
Centervllle; Lester N. Morse, Santa Clara;
Judge Haven, Oakland; Mrs. M. M. Gibson,
San Francisco; Miss Kate F. Leffler, San Jose;
Edward Kerr, San Francisco, and Mrs. H. F.
Plant, Saratoga.
Reports from the president, secretary
and treasurer were submitted, showing
the excellent work accomplished and the
nourishing financial condition of the so
ciety. All the papers read dealt exclu
sively with child li io, especially the child's
life as directly connected with Sunaay
schooli.
The essays were graduated, that is, each
one went one step in advance of its prede
cessor. Miss Susie F. Abbott illustrated
by the aid of her kindergarten class her
paper, "Laying the Foundation.' Mrs.
A. W. Bush of Berkeley followed with
"Primary Work," and Miss M. M. Crone
miller, M.D., of Sacramento with "Con
version of the Child."
Professor H. M. Hamill brought the
morning session to a close with rm able
argument, -Drawing the Net," a clever
summing up of all the essays o! the morn
ing session.
For the afternoon the "Res'less Boy" and
tbe "Missing Nickel" that is -hown to but
never sees the plate came in for much
witty discussion by Rev. W. W. Scudder
of Alameda and Robert Stuart of Oak
land.
Rev. R. 8. Cantine of San Jose Jed the
praise service at the evening session. Two
very able addresses were delivered — "Ttie
Couraeeous Christian" and "The Church
and the Child"— by Rev. E. McClish of
San Jose and Rev. A. B. Banks of Sacra
mento respectively.
A distinctive feature of tbe convention
is the exce lent music.
To-day will close the session of the thir
tieth annual convention.
The . fee-simile y^F •-££&*, "on every wra PP er
signature of (*La//Z7<Ctf&fa of CASTOEIA.
L. 11. BIRD, AUCIMfeER.
WABEUOUSE, 211 LARKIX ST.
WILL SELL THIS DAY, APRIL 8,
At 11 o'clock a. v. at above Storage i -
Warehouse,
27 LOTS, TO PAY STORAGE AND
ADVANCE CHARGES,
Including 15 showcases: large lot of Counters ana
Sheving: 10 Bedroom ><-ts; 2000 yard* Car-
leis: 5 new Sewing Machines; 10 stoves and
ran.es; 1 Law Library; 1 Medical Llurary and
Surgical Instruments: a larce quantity of
Crocnery and ookins? UtPnsilH: 5 Kxtension
Tables; 100!) volumes of Books, dealers lake
notice.
Also 1 Double Team and Express Wagon: 1 Phae-
ton; 1 Single Hug_'y: 1 Driving Hone.
>OTK--Tbis warehouse will positively be closed
beiore the 15th of this month and all goods will
be soid un.ess claimed before that date.
L. H. BUHD. Auctioneer.
GENEEAL MANAGER KENDEICK.
A lend i>e Official of the Northern Pa
cific Here With Frionda.
J. W. Kendrick of Minneappolis, gen
eral manager of the Northern Pacific Rail
road, is at the Palace, accompanied by
Mr?. Kendrick and Mr. and Mis. C. Mc-
Reeve of Minneapolis. Mr. Kendrick has
been in California about one month.
He came in his special car from tbe
north, passed San Francisco and h:is leen
visiting various places in Southern Cali
fornia. On his return toward the north
he visited Monterey. Santa Cruz and
Mount Hamilton. His special car is at
Fourthan 1 Townsend streets. It is years
since Mr. Kendriclc has been here, and ha
has been enjoying himself as best he
| could. He will probably be here two or
I three days.
. — «. — «
London's population increases by abont
j 70,000 every y<?Hr.
. SEW. TO-SAT.
STRONG m*£&
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
lowers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
create, a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggist?. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condcry, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(12-JKF.ARM'ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcu res when
otheipfall. Try him. Charges low.
CarmgDarnnirrd. CHllorwrlte.
Sr.J. I-'. «ifßßOS.Sasi9S7.Saa Franciscan
' ; LEGAL NOTICES.
FOR SALE— SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION
1 by the Superior Court— The business of the late
| J. I*. THOMas (aW, cor. of Clay and Davis sis.,
san Francisco, and at • liico. Ca! 'onslatlnc o,
! the stock, fixtures, Rood will and credits. '
Bids will be received by A. C. KItKKsE, Special
: Administrator of the estate of J. P. THOMAS, de-
ceased.
1. For the entire business as conducted both 'In
Kan FrancUco and I'hko
2. Separate bids for each of the stores at San
Fraud and Cbicn.
8. For the stock, tares and good will of tbe
San Fraaclbc < store - ■ • •
4 Merchandise in warehouses as per Inventory.
6. Much other bids as parlies may desire to
make.
All bids to be filed <■ lth A. C. FREESE by Mon-
day, April 12. 1897, at 9:30 o'clock of said day,
and be accompanied by a certified eh"C ■• for 10
per cent of the. offer. Bidders are requested to ap-
pear before Jndi;e Slack of the superior court at
1:30 p. m., of said day, upon confirmation pro-
ceedings
a. C. FREE3K, Special Administrator of the
estate of J. P. THOJlas. deceased.
\TOTICK TO CREDITORS— KSTATE OF JOHN
-Li HCHWETBCHr.R, deceased. Notice is here-
by given by the undersisned, A. C FltliESK, ad-
ministrator of the ■ state of JuUN SCHWET-
SUKI'.H, deceased, to the creditor* of, and all per-
sons having claims against, the said decoated, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers within
fobr months af er the first publication of this
notice to the said admlnivratorat room 35, Chron-
icle building, corner of Geary and Kearny sts., the
same being his place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate In the city and county of
San Francisco, ata'.a of California.
A. C. FRKKSK, Ad minis m or of the Estate Of
JOH.N sCHWhTHCHKR. deceased.
Dated at san Francisco, April b, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVa.n, Attorney fur Administrator.
STORAGE.
STOKAGK-ROOMS. 25x10. $3 PER MONTH;
rooms lOx la, $2: new ana dry. DECKER.
1020 Marker St.
•fIEDUOrD KATES. FURNITOKE. PIANOS
±\ household pools, e:c J. M i'IERCE. 735 Mkb
HOTELS. aU k
j;ROOKLYS HOTEL, I 208-212 BUSH ST,
XJ board and room fl to »2 per iuj. 16 to 912
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to -41; suite
rooms tor family $1 to SI 50 per night; first-class
service: iree coacb. tUAhihs MOSTUOMKUV
. . ..
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTBTNERB OFFICE of the San Francisco CaM^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
3?9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Lark in street: open until 9: SO o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:HO o'clock.
1506 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open t:!l 9 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
BS3S=* DORIC LODGE No 216. F. AND m
B^C A. M., 121 Eddy st. -called meeting Ml
THIS (THURSDAY) I.VENING at 7:3OTrjT
o'clock. Second degree. All Masons and /^y\
i-ojourning brethren are Invited. By order of the
W. M. J. K. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ptrS* CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1, F. m
Ur~& and a. M., will meetTUIS(THURS-^k
DAY) EVENING. April 8, at 7:30 o'clock Tzjf
First degree. By order of the Master. /V^
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
Bt^S* GOLDEN GATE LODGE No. «-*iJU&tk.
Bfii' 204, I. O. O. F.— Officers aU'l^Qßg.
members, you nre requrste 1 to as-
semble at your on THUßB- flW^
DAY, April 8, at 1:3:» v m., for the purpose of at-
ending the funeral of uurlate brother, A. JOHN-
SON. L. KRAGEN, N. G.
C. R. Maclachlan, R. S.
■^55= THE SAN FRANCISCO SCOT. A Ov
WF-& tlsb Thistle Club meets THIS A.
(THURSDAY) EVENING, Fraternity SBtYg^
Hall, 32 O'Farrell su, at 8 o'clock. **2?*
W. A. DaWSON, Royal Chief.
Gxobok W. Patkbson, Recorder.
OCX' MASTER MARINERS' BEN-lr-^^^
&*& evolent Association— special meet- 31 ♦
Ing will be held at Hall. Alcazar building, !j/**l^i»
THURSDAY, April 8, at 1 p. m., for*
the purpose of atteudlng the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, A. .FR. J HN SON, from 1. O. O. F.
Hall, Seventh and Market sts. All members are
requested to be present. By order of the presi-
dent. L. TKAUNG, Recording Secretary.
IPS' TO THE OFFICERS ANi)-^
m*& members of Court Eclipse No. 14— S*f
You are hereby notified to attend the JK'\
funeral of our late brother, AUG. JOHAN- » , >
NEsSEN, from the parlors ot I. Llpman & Co.,
326 Suiter St., on THURSDAY, April 8. at 2 P m.
By order A. J. ENKMaRK, Chief Ranger.
T. B. Goodwin, Financial Secretary.
JtTS" THE MEMBERS' MEETING OF MRS.
ir*-^ Cohen's Penny Purchasing Agency will be
held ai Cosmopolitan Hall, B'nal B'riih buiidinr,
% 121 Eddy st., on THURSDAY EVENING, April
8, 1897, at 8 o'clock sharp.
L. VINCENT, President.
»^S» ANNUAL MEKTING —NOTICE IS
Kr^^ hereby given that the tenth annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Italian-**- ss Mutual
Loan Association will be held at the office of the
corporation, .no. 618 Montgomery St., corner nl
Commercial, on WEDNESDAY, April 14, 1597.
at 7:io o'clock p. m, for the Durpose of electing
directors for the ensuing year, presentation of the
tenth annual report and the transaction of such
otbar business as may come before the meeting.
Books are now open for subscription to 1000
■hares of stock of the eleventh series. Loans
made in San Francisco and Alum da counties
only. Interest, 6 per cent per annum free of mort-
gage taxes. Premium, 20 per cent gross, or 50
cents per share installments at pleasure of bor-
rower, which amounts to $12 60 per month for
each $1000 net cash received by the borrower,
this sum paying both principal and Interest.
Loans may be repaid at any time d -aired. Order
of the Board <>» Directors. A. SBARBORO, sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
*^B=» THEY HELL ALL KINDS OF DRY
*~- e? goods, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
towe.s. table covers, laces, embroidery, linings,
turnings, veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer
Dry-goods store, 105 Fifth st.
»^3P BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4
m*-& collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Monttry st.. room 6: lei. &580.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-FEMALE.
T ADIES— WE HAVE A NUMBER OF NICE
XJ t-candlnavian, Protestant and Irish second
girl*: also quite a number of nice Irish and Scan-
dinavian girls for housework on hand desiring
situations in American families. J. F. CROSETT
it CO., 316 --utter si. . ■ _, • .• .- :
T?RENCH GIRLS DESIRING PLACES TO DO
X 1 nt stairs work; also German nurses; girls for
general housework, $20; zlrls to assist at h- Use-
work, $10 to $15. MRS. DADAMI, 313 Sutler su.
TeL red 2713.
Situation wanted at dressmaking
O by lady of experience. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market su
pOMPETENT CANADIAN WOMAN WISHES
v,' position as housekeeper: thoroughly under-
stands it; fond of children; is firs.. class cook: no
objection to the country; best references. Call
1505 Pine su
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY, STKANGER.
-» sires to secure a housekeeper's place in hotel,
bachelor's a widower's home; city or country.
Rooms -1 and 3, 223 Post st.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES PLACE AS COOK
0 »nd laundress or to do genera, housework;
American fami.y; city or country, Address 318
Jessie su
GERMAN GIKL WANTS A POSITION TO DO
VX general housework and cooking. 28 Eighth
st, room 45.
■yOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place: good disposition; prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post st.
"yOUNG GIRL, 17 YEARS, WISHES BITUA-
X tion in Amen, family; mind children or in-
side to do licht housework: wishes to sleep homo
nights. 657 b'olsom si.
•pEFINED YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSI-
X\> tlon to take charge of 1 or 2 grown children
or will assist In general nousework. Apply in per-
son, 308 Hyde SU VV ' P
AN EASTERN WIDOW WOULD LIKE Po-
sition as working housekeeper in widower's
home; no objec i>n to country town. Address
MRS. J. E. R., 3741 Twenty-»ixth bu
pOMPETENT, ELDERLY WOMAN WISHE-
V-' situation to do housework: good plain cook and
laundress: will go short distance in country -
wages $10. 920 Jackson st.
L>Y ELDERL.Y LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER IN
1 ' widower's family or for bachelor: best refer-
ences: city or country. M. a., 1563 Fifth St..
Oakland.
KEFINF.D COMPETENT WOMAN WILL AS-
-LLslst In light housework and s-wing for home
and small wages. Address Competent, Call Branch
Office, 339 Hayes su
pOMPKTENTGIKL WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do housework or downstairs work. Call 227
Hayes st.
ELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK-
fond of cb'ldren: best of references. 38 South
Park, near Third su
WANTED— WORK BY THE DAY OR GEN-
" eral housework; a home and 'small wanes
preferable. Address 644 Jessie su
SCANDINAVIAN -GIRL WANTS POSITION'
to do light housework in small family; simple
work. 24 Howard su
OOr> <iIRL WANTS A PLACE TO DO
housework: is a good cook: willing and oblie-
liig Call at 318 Ivy aye., beu Franklin and Gough
GOOD COOK WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
hotel or boarding-house; city or San Rafael
Address Cook, care MR-. FARI-H, 214 Turk su
9 BISTERS WANT TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK
— or light housework and cirl of 13 to take care
of baby. Call 621 Commercial su
IDDLK-AGED GERMAN LADY DESIRH.S
situation as cook; city or country. Address
156 Minna su
THONG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
O day washing, cleaning, etc.: wages $1. Ad-
dress M. D., oox 101, Call Office.
YOUNO LADY DESIRES SITUATION TO
assist In housework: wages $10 to $12 per mo •
Berkeley pret Address J. s., box 89, Call Office.
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY-
housework. 1579 Fifteenth, near Mission.
LADY WISHES BITUATION; WILL TAKE
care or Invalid or do chamber work, keep
house for children: can do good common Ameri-
can cookinc: would cook for a few boarders; will
feel interested in the work and do the best 1 can
MRS. M. A., 112-5 McAllister *t. . '
you.NO Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper In hoi el, wijorvsr's or bachelor's
hone; will do plnin sewing.* 1122 Manet, rm. 31.
yor.NO WOMAN, EXPERIENCED IN THE
- X care of the sick, would like a position to travel
or take care of an invalid : is highly respectable.
Call or address 119 Sixth su ,
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
VX pi) vale Jewish family; would do good cooking
aDd itcht housework. Call 438 Ivy aye., near cc-
tavia su
XPKRIENCKD HOUSEKEEPER ■ WOULD
JU nice a position in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country . preferred. Apply 88 .Ninth su,
room 17; call after 1 1 a. it. -
IDDLE-AOKD DRESSMAKER. CUTTER
and fitter wants position: as neamstrrss in ho-
tel or lodging-house: husiand room and board;
15 or $20. . 1165 Mission st.
pOMPKX*NT LADY WISHES SITUATION
\J as housekeeper for parties while gone to the
count ,-. Call 3636 Vi Suiter si.
/•I C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
U1 » J CAL.L. ' Subscriptions and want ads taken.
RESsMAKER, FIRsT-CLASS, SEWS FOR $1
oerda/. 3*44 Nineteenth sb . ..,■;..,
- - . ■ . ■ -
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnnea.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMaN WANTS 81TUA-
i'J uon to do cooking and general housework; no
objection to short distance in country. 139
Eleventh st.
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
XV place as nursery governess; plain sewing.
Call or address 627 Bush Bt., near Powell.
mRAINED NURSE (CITY REFERENCES)
X would like care of invalid: terms reasonable.
Address F. N., box 110, Call Office. .
pOMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
\J .iliuation for g»neral housework and sewing;
speaks French. 431 Pine su
SITUATION WANTED BY 2 YOUNG GIRLS
jus: rrom Gerrnauy for housework. Please call
927 V» Filbert St.; no postals please.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION SfiC-
VXond work and walling. G. G., box 41, Call.
"POSITION WANTED IN LODGING-HOUSE
Xes housekeeper. Address P. W., box 111, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHKS POSITION
as second girl. Please call 3100y Lacuna st.
MILLINER, FIRST-CLASS ARTISTE, TRlM-
mer and maker, wants engagements; will
give trial. A. X., box 83, Call Office.
\'OUNG EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
X wants a permanent position as housekeeper In
lodging-bouse or widower's home. Room 3, 995
Market sU
SW COR. SIXTEKNTH ST., NEAR MIS
sion; brasch . office of Thi Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
yOUSO GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
X tion as housekeeper. Call 120 a > ddy, room 7.
pRt.POSSES.sING YOUNG LADY OF >.XPE-
X rience -sires a place as typewriter. Apply
room 6, 850 Market st., first floor.
p ERMAN GI.L WISHES SITUATION AS
VX chambermaid; city or country. Call or ad-
dress A. D-, 114 Fourth St.. room 31-
-■VTEAT GERMAN GIR'. WANTS SITUATION:
-±-> good cook and laundress: country preferred.
Address N. W., box 101 Call office.
"EXPERIENCED LADY DESIRES POSITION
Xli as companion aud nurse with invalid or chil-
dren; medical references. 1530 Eddy at., near
sterner, call af.eri.uons.
n-l c LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ult) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
REFINED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
XX French widow desires .. place as housekeeper
or companion. Room 2, 1-2 Poil su
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'* Tbs Call are taken at Branch office, touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s:s.
/*! C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
'lit) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOi'S ■ LADY, FORMERLY IN c;O D CIR-
X cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper In hotel, bachelor's or widower's home;
will do plain sewing. Kaon 11, -23 Post sr.
T>OSITION WANTED IN DOCTOR'S OFFICE,
X by nurse with some exier.ence. Address M.
M.. 221 Polk st.
NEAT GERMAN GIRL WISHKS POSITION
Xi as maid or nurse, 10 go hast or i' urope, In ex-
change :or fare. Add cv. Nurse, box 59, Call.
QKOi; MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION^ AND
Z.U-I.U want ads taken for THE CALL.
ACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF A MIA-
J\. ble disposition desir«s a position as typewriter
Or copyist. 1-Oi/a Geary at., room 2, tlrsi fl 'Or.
yOO.VG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X as housekeeper In widower or bachelor s house-
hold. Room 1. 106 Fourth st.
yOUXG LADY. QUIET AND INDUSTRIOUS,
X desires work in hotel, for elderly couple or as
lady's maid: good housekeeper: willing to make
herself useful. Caul 10 to 8, 217 Grant aye, room 7,
second floor.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND V, ANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at brttnen office, 339 Hayes ib;
open until 9 :3j o'clock.
['It LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Hit) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
TITOMAN TO WORK BY THE DAY: $1 AND
TT car fare. Address W. W., box 135, Call.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NH.
TT Market: 200 rooms »5c o «1 50 per nun;
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggage to anil from the terry.
r»1 C LABK"IN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
uli) CALL: subscriptions an «am ad« taken.
.
i WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T/iB
-■*. WEEKLY CALL, In wraoner. for mallina.
SITUATIONS WANTED HALE.
pHINESE & JAPANFSE; EST'D 20 YI-.AKS:
V^help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A C 0..640. .640 Clay
BITLKR (GERMAN), 13 YEARS' rEFEß-
ences from beat of !ami.ie«, desires a situation.
Apply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO., 316 Suiter St.
AM KEE— CHINESE AND J A PKNKSE EM-
O ployment office. 611 y % Bush si., nr. Grant aye.
TTUNTER& CO.. CHINESE AND JAPAN.
XL employment office, removed to 61-li/j, Califor-
nia St., near Kearny. 'lei. main 231.
JAPANESE INTELLIGKNCE AGENCY. It.
90. Su Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy SU: tel Main 5234.
pHINESE AND JAPAN EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414 V*! O'FarrelL Tel. K. 424
pi- LIABLE. STEADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
XX tion around private place; city or country: or
lake care of horses and cjws and to moke hluiself
eenerally useful; 1* a fair gardener and is handy
with tooli. K. V., box 162, Call office.
DRUG CLKRK WANTS SITUATION: 13
years' experience: registered and graduate
Philadelphia College Pharmacr: best references.
Address D. C, box 112, Call Office.
T^URSE, VALET OR ATTENDANT ON IN-
XI valid gentleman; 6 years' experience; mod-r-
-ate wages; advertiser scotch, aged 41. Address
Nurse, call Office, Oakland.
pOMPF.TENT MAN WISHKS SITUATION
\J as coachman and gardener; can milk nDd make
himself generally useful about place: good refer-
ences: city or country. A. A., 259 Stevenson st.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
} "FARMER AND WIFE ON RANCH: WIFE
X good' coo«, man can do any ranch work. Ad-
dress R. W., box 134, Call Office.
yOHXIi M AN, 20. OF GOOD MANNERS AND
X addreis, would like situation in a store. Ad-
dress M. G., box 116, Call Office.
ARBER. WITH 2 YEAR* 1 EXPERIENCE.
wants situation: not a craduate trom barbers'
college. Address O. P., box 134, Call Office.
ANTED-SITUATIO.V XV FIRST-CLASS
»T carriage and waeou blacksmith, also good
horsesboer. Apply 191 Shin ey sU
T> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
SJ st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
IJY MAN. AGE 37 YEARS, SINGLE. POSI-
I-> tlon in general merchandise store In country;
experience and r-commendallons; capable of
keeping books: speaks different languages. Ad-
dress C. l ;. , box 58, Call office.
TNDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN;
X handy man with musical Instruments, fair nar-
ber, good gardener and all round handy man; with
best of reference; prefer springs or summer resort-
city or Oakland: fair waj.es. F., box 58. Call.
SWEDE, 29, WISHES ANY KIND OF WORK-
can drive and do anything: no bad habits; best
city reference; no objection to country. Address
C. £ 713 Minna st.
TIT ANTS SITUATION AS SUPERINTEND-
" entof grain or fruit ranch: understands irult
in all its branches. G. C, 2424 Mission st.
SITUATION WANTED BY SWIbS DAIRY-
man and wife; good milkman aud wife good
cook, Apply 271 M44tga.
JAPANESE BOY, 17 YEARS OLD. WANTS
position; schoolboy. . Address S. T., box 107,
this office.
OOD CORNET PLAYER WISHES BITUA-
Iion. MAX RIEBEL, 17 Alta st.
A' OIING MAN WANTS POSITION TO LEARN
X sausage making; has some knowledge already.
518 Stevenson st.
SOBER. MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS WORK
In private family, used to horses, garden and
cooking: wage* no object; references. J. M.. tax
9. Call Office, Oakland. • • :- .
BOY, 18, WOULD LIKE WORK: OUTDOORS
preferred. Address Boy, box 73, Call office.
f*l C. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1" CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
YOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION IN A
X butcher-shop where he can learn the trade
with the privilege of buying an interest In the
business Address Butcher, box 40, Call Office.
pOACHMAN AND MAN ABOUT PLACE
\J wants a situation: best of references. " Address
THOMAS, box 2. Call Office, Oakland. * uure "
-97 MONTGOMERY .COKNER OF Cl.AY-
<■'■"• open nntll 9:30 o clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WANT" D-POSITION BY LICENSED DRUG-
gist and phyhiclan. X, box 20, Call Office.
T?NGINKKR'S POSITION BY COMPETENT
Hi man; conversant with electrical, refrigerating,
pneumatic, hydraulic machinery. Engineer L. B.
G , box&s, Call Office. -■ - ; • .;
TTOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION IN COUN-
X try: understands care of horses and can milk
cow. Address J. M., box 136, Call.
QQQ HAYKS *E>T.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•iOU THK Call; - Mioacrtpiloas ' ana want ads
taken.
« <*rmmK a news for & CENTS—
xl. v,ivi.ki,v C.A I.Ti. Ib wrapper, for mailing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
■ FKJIAtE HELP WANTED.
STRONG YOUNG WOMAN- AS RANCH
cook, $25, fare pall ; cooks, housework girls,
etc. MURRAY & READY, Leaulng Employ-
ment Agents, 634 ana 636 Clay st. .
■■
YIT ANTED— COOK $30, SKCOND GIRL, $25,
" both same house; 'Scandinavian cook, ano
second girl, $25 «nd $20. same house; irourr,
country laundry, $1.5; girl (or housework for
Livermore, $26: Napa, 3 in family. $25: French
nurse ana seamstress. $25: German nurse and
second girl, $20; Protestant nu:>.e, $20; cook,
$30. across the bay; second girl, country, $20: 4
cooks, German style. $30 and $35: 10 neat girls
for housework, $20 and $25: young girls. $12 and
$15. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO., 316 suiter.
WANTED— BRIGHi'.AI TIVE LADY CLERK,
accustomed to wait on ladies; one who can at
least speak German: preference would be given to
a typewriter and stenographer; moderate wages to
commence with. A ply to J. F. CROSh.TT <fc CO.,
316 Suiter SU
"\\r ANTED — ACTIVE, BRIGHT LADY AS
»' solicitor; one who can talk German preferred;
moderate salary to commence with. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 -utter st.
OOK. BOARDING-HOUSE, CITY. $20: GIRL
lor housework, country, see party here this
morning, 3 In family, fare paid, $25; German
took, private family, city, $26; girl for house-
work, Oakland, $20: 8 girls, housework, city, $20,
$15: 7 young girls to assist, $10 and $15. C. R.
HANSEN &. CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work, small family in the country: see lady
10 o'clock; $25 and free fare. C. R. IIANSt-N
<fc CO., 110 Geary su
WANTED — YOUNG LADY ABOUT 25
" years of age as lady's maid and chamber girl
In wealthy family In city; exceptional references
required; salary, $25 a month. Apply to W. D.
EWER 10., Employment Agents, 626 Clay sU
9 WAITRESSES, $6 A WEEK; 2 LUNCH
— waitresses, $3 50 a Keek: waitress, city $15
and room: chamber and wait some, $16 to
$18 and room: cook and waitress, $26 to $30 per
month: cook for Cainveras County, $20; head
waitress. $25 and room; cook. $4 60 per week;
cook, $SJ per month German style: cook, $6 a
week: 3 waitresses. $"> a week; waitress. $4 a
week and room; chambermaid and wait some, $20
and room. MARTIN & C.»., 749 Markeu
j pIRL, ELLIS ST., $15: GIRL, OAKIAND,
Vr $15: girl, sco:.: su, $15: girl, Laguna su, $1.»;
girl, Golden Gate aye., $17; girl, Pine St., $15;
rlrl for Kern County, $15: merman nursegirl,
$12; girl, Berkeley, $16: German housekeeper,
$15; girl for >a<;ramento, Cal., $15; 20 young
girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month, assist, etc.
-MARTIN A: CO., 749 Market st
OIANO PLAY; COUNTRY, 830, BOARD
X and room, jer month; see parly 10 a. M. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 -Varket st.
p EKMAN Oil SWEDISH GIRL; WEBSTER
VJ si.; $20. martin * CO., 749 Market st.
pEHMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL. BUSH ST.;
VX $JO. MARTIN A CO.. 749 Market st
GKRMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, POST ST.;
VX $20. MARTIN & CO., 749 Markeu
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, WASHING-
VX ton su. $25. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIKI7sa~N~RA-
VX fael, $20. MARTIN ft CO., 749 Market st.
VKAT GIRL AS COMPANION AND LIGHT
XI «ork: $10; short distance, MISS CULLEN.
323 butter st.
COOK. GERMAN STYLE, COUNTRY. $35.
Miss CULLKN. 3. sutler sr.
XV ANTED — FRENCH LAI"XDRF.S3. $25:
'■ ( ; ernjMn second, $"0. French nursery rover-
ness. *25; girls for housework aud assist. ' LEON
ANDRE, i-iIH Stockton bt.
VUMBKR OF GIRLs TO FILL sill ATIONS-
i-^ small American families. KBB, H.Ri>, 721
Ellis su
WOMAN TO CARE FOX *ICK LADY. $12;
».» 3 girls, $20: yoaiii: girls. $12 and $10: 4 girls,
$15 and $18. MKS. SPENCER, 1321 Par. St.,
Ahuneda.
WAITRESS FOR SUMMER JrESORT, $20.
' » K. T. WARD <fc CO., 610 Clay St.
\l ' ANTED— FRKNCH V GIR!,. DO COOKING
*» and some housework: wages $25; small fam-
ily. Ca!l between 12 and lor after 6P. m. "2U.6
California s:.
U T ANTED— A YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO
»' a jvln the care of two lari'e chl'drtn; also
light hoi^work: wages $1 1. 2266 Franklin st.
WAXTi-iD — GERMAN GIKL. GRVEHAL!
1? housework; plain cooking; wages, $20; 933
Eaightst.
STRONG YOUNG I. IRL tOK GENKRAL
houseworlc; i.erman cooking: family of 2; ref- j
ereiice.-t required. 1...9 Uctavia st.
TT.INISHKBS ON CLOTHE-; GOOD BUTTON-
• hole-maker; gooa wages; .-.teaJy work. 106
Baiter., st
13 VTIONHOLK-MA KKR>> WANTED: NONE
X> but experienced hands need apply. 779 Guer-
rero st.
kfi.ned,t:xinci;mbkkkd young i ady
for medu aied electric bahs, 1346 Mnrke; si.,
room 2.
! fTIAILORKSS TO WORK ON PANTS; FIRST
X class. 1516 II }•.;»• st.
GOOD Fl ISHKR ON CUSTOM COATS;
steady work. IJV2 Harriet st.
p IRL TO A>SIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
vJ 2JB Clinton Park, near <iv nero and Market.
ANTED- *» APPRENTICE FOR DRESS-
*« waging; good sen er. 424 Post si.
GOOD HANDS ON VESTS. 641 STEVENSON
VX street.
PROTESTANT GIKL For HOUSEWORK
X and plain cooking; wiiges *16. 17.'0 Howard.
BENCH GIRL. UPSTAIRS WORK AND
r sewing. Apply 2108 Jackson, bet. lv and 4. .
L'lKsT-CLASS HELP ON FINE COATS. 468
I Tehama st.
APPRENTICES WANTED ON CUSTOM
A vests. Appy 606 Jessie su •
FANTs FINISHERS AND. APPRENTICES;
X paid while learning. 10 Turk si.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHlL-
dren; references. 1.17 Webster si.
A PPRKNTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 952
xV Mission su
THIRST-CLASS FINISHERS AND OPER-
-1 a'.ora on custom coals. 28 Morris aye.
>.) SECOND TRIMMERS. 114 GRANT AYE.
Zi
A PPREXTICE ON CUSTOM COATS. DONA-
A hue bnildlns, room 36. Market and Taylor sts.
ANTED— GIKi. FOR GKNKRAL HOUSE-
work; wugts t on*si6 to $20. 1323 Stockton.
I MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OK IUK
"1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
L "IRST-CLASB SKWF.RS ON WRAPPER-*,
r waists, etc H. FRKIDLANDER, 310V 2 Fell
st , from Btolo a. 11.
XVT ANTED— GIRL, ABOUT 20, FOR
" eeneral housework; no cooking. Apply at
130 Page sU
GIRL WANTKD FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 2228 Clay st , cor. Buchanan.
p IRL WANT i-D TO LEARN VEST-MAKING;
VX good sewer preferred. oy^ Hyde si.
"\roUNG LADIES TO LEARN MAKING AND
X trimming and all aboat ml'lluery. 103 Post
GOOD FINISHER OX PANTS; $1 26 A DAY;
VX steady work. 273 Minna su
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL-FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
pAPABLK MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
\J wholesale office; experience not absolutely
necessary; reference. li.. box 10 Call cfli.e.
JTURST-CLASS WAISTHANDS, AND AP-
. prentices paid while learning. 330 O'Fanell.
INTELLIGENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTED:
X one oxperiencd In the care of young children:
must have good reference*. Address B. 8., box
44, Call Offic -.
fa] ' LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
VlvCut; subscriptions and want ad*, taken.
LATEST SKIKTS. STYLISH JACKETS, PER-
fect-fitting waist patterns cut 10 order, 25c:
wanted, ladies to learn ihe. McDowell Dressmak-
ing and Millinery School, 103 Post st.
TjILYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTIKU
X I Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
MOST CONVENIENT aMi RESPECTABLE;
i»A Winchester Boas-, 44 Third su. near Market:
•20') rooms: 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 60 to $d
per week: free 'bus and r.apgaz" to and from furry.
HALE HELP WANTED.
FARMER AND WIFE FOR AN ORCHARD,
$25 and lound, half fare paid: SO farmers,
orchard and vineyard hands. $16 to $20; 2 chore-
boys for ranches, $10 2 milkers. MURRAY &
RKADY Leadiug Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
JAPANESE COOK FOR 6 MEN, $25; 30
O woodeboppers. $1 per cord. MURRAY*
READY, leading Employment Agents. 634 and
636 Clay su
'_> COOKS. $30. $40 AND $50 2 WAITERS, $25
♦ ' and $3(1; ■.« dishwashers. $15 and $20: t.iior,
? T. ci ' kt country shop. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment agents, and 636 Clay.
p RANI IE CURB CUTTER, 80. PER FOOT-
VX Quarry men .sl76 to $2 day: 5 laborers, city
$1 day. MURRAY <fc RIiADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Ciay su
ijLACKSMITH. CAMP NEAR CITY. $40 AND
1> founJ. MURRAY .V KKaDY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HFT-? "U" ANTED— Conttnn#i». .
OECOND COOK, RESTAURANT, $55; THIRD
O cook, reslaurant, *40; pantryman, hotel, 925:
steward for mountain resort, $36. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
KITt HENSTE\VARD,LARGEHOTEL,WITH
LV flrst-cl»ss experience aud references. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 1 10 Geary st
HOTEL BOOKKEEPER AND CLERK; ALSO
competent hotel clerk; good wages to right
.persons. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10 Geary st.
MEAT COOK; COUNTRY HOTIIL; $70.
XX C. R. ANSKN COp 110 Gearv su
Vir ASTID — WORKING FOREMAN FOR
' • stock and grain ranch, must be single man,
references required. $30 and found: 2 milkers,
$20 and found: 3 farmhands for orchard, $20 and
found; teamsters, cooks, wafers, dishwashers, etc
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
\\T ANTED— 3 CABINET-MAKERS IN CITY,
»» $2 to %2 25 a d»y; showcase- maker. $2 to
$2 50 a day; also painter and decora or for fac-
tory in city. W. D. EWKK & CO., 626 Cay st.
WANTBD- QUART/MILL MAN: IRONER,
»» country laundry, $25 and found; blacksmith
helper. $1 day and found: teamster; sbingleboit
makers, long job, see boss in city; milker and
farmer. $25. Apply to J. F. CROS.fa.TT CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— JAPANESE BOY FOR PRIVATE
*» family; ranch cook; wallers and others. ad-
ply to J. F. CR SETT <& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MIDDLE-AGKD MAN AS COOK, $30 AND
i*i room: dishwasher. $5 a week; sllwrm:tn, $25:
waiter, help and hail, $25: young man for pantry-
work: cook. $6 a Week; water. $25 and room;
lunch and dinner waiter: bedmaker, $30 and
room. MARTIN & Ca, 749 Market.
MILKER AND LEARN BUTTER-MAKING:
J" Plumas County; $30, etc MARTIN <& CO.,
749 Market su
SECOND COOK, $50; PREFER FRENCH.
MARTIN «fcCu, 749 Market St.
"IRONER FOR COUNTRY LAUNDRY, $30,
X board and room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
WOODCHOPPERS: STEADY WORK, MAR-
TY TIN & CO.. 749 Market si.
ANTED— MKN LOVERS OF DOGS TO SEE
'" the great swimming race bet. the following
doss: J. Boyces <fc i o.'s English bull Paddy, F. P.
Pcrrtns's setter Hip, c. Wilie's spaniel Nig, J.
i lea bro spanio Dash, also his ce.ebrateu pup
Graver Cleveland. checks for sale a GAIT.
THOMPSON'S. NW. cor. Bay and Taylor sts.,
Norm Beach, Sunday, April 11; dog» training
every day.
\\T ANTED— YOUNG MAN OF GOOD AD-
• " dress, pleasing manners and who has a thor-
ough knowledge of cents' furnish must be a
competent buyer, understand window-dressing mid
be fully capable of taking charge of his depart-
ment; fair salary anl steady position. Address
for 2 days, statin; age. reference, etc-, Modern,
box 134, Call office
U'AN I BO— PAHTNKR WITH SMALL CAPI-
i* lal In show and lecture business: can make
$300 to $500 a month. Address A. 8., box 113,
Call nice. .
IV ANTED — WORKING FOREMAN ON
'» ra-ich; single man: references; wages $30.
W. U  box lOh, Call Office.
WANTED— MATE WITH GSRMAN PA- j
♦ » pers. Apply 48 Meuanst.
CO >X 1-OR RESTAURANT WANTED. 202
Vs Ninth st.
DISHWASHER; $3 50 PEII WEEK. 1245
Kentucky st.
I " A I TE X wanted— mum' understand
"' some cooking. 1805 Ha'giit st.
WANTED— UtESSMAN ON COATS. CALL
»i all the week a: 21 Harriet st.
t>ainti?rs wanted on waller st.,
X near .-tanyan.
BENCH HAND aNO MACHINE HAND.
Market-street Planing Mills, 20.16 -Market it.
\'OUNG PORTUGUESE HOY: 1 YEAR'S EX-
X perience barber-shup. 2197 Powell st.
U'AXTEI) — OPERATOR ON PANTS AT
'» 409 Fourteenth 5... O.ikland.
HOY.MAKER WAN IKD ON RKI'AIR'.
0 Call 236 N.vr, cor. S xieenth and Market.
VVT * ED-DISHWASHER; EaRLY. 141G
" Hoar sU
I>ICYCLKR AND GUN REPAIRING SHOP
it for sale for $1j!): In couuty sea- town; best
chin • for a man wtio wants la make., first-class,
1 'dependent living. Address P. O. box I.6. Mar- !
tin-z. Cat.
"WANTKD-STEADY MAN FOB COUNTRY
'» po>t:lon: muu have *5 expense money. Ai»-
ply at 9 Geary St., room 2. ,
A > TID— >OBEK INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
»' a sift In 'igh: ...door bus nf»s; must be sals-
a<4 wit per week and Late $160 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Mar st., room 7.
• -CHAIR R *RP,KH-SHOP; UUOU LOCATION;
— 2 sunny living-rooms: yard: oldatan.; rent or '
sale: owner goin^ to country: b»rg»lu. Apply
Call Office
BARBER-SHOP FOH SALE ON ACCOUNT
of i. aviug city. Call 1 12 Va Eddy st.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
»' of some simple thing to p.. tent? Protect your
!de»s: they may bring you wealth. Write JOH..V
WEDDERBURN & CO., Depi L, Patent Attor-
n*ys. WaMhinictori, D, C, for their $1800 prize
cfler n;id rn-w list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
SOLICITOR'S FOR MILK BUSINESS. 928
O York s;., near Twenty-second.
CJIIOKMAKER wanted AT 18 montgom-
-0 try aye.
BAKBER SHOP FOR SALE; DOING GOOD
business; owner going East: rent $7 a month.
Call at 407 Seventh st., Oakland
THE ROSEDALE 321 KLLI — HE A PEST
X and best lodging-bouse north of Market st.
, O?l')|; MISSION tJT.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
_'—> 'luk Call; kuDsciipuuus ana want ads
Uken.
EfclMOA WANTS 100 MrN To I.XT BOT-
. tie beer or wine So : best tree lunch. 643 Clay
IR7 :<I - NIH SI. _ BRANCH OFFICE OP
I'M Thk call, subscription and want ads.
taken.
OARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
tmuj-t-clas-. barbers FURNISHED BY
X I International Union Free Employment Bureau.
24 Fourth st-, the Modern. L Less, (Secretary. ■
TOUKXKVUt.V KAKfiEit.V Ui I'LOIMi..U
O secretary .H. I;KKNAKD. 102 M-venth sr.
TYLISH AND DURABLE C - I.F SHOES
0 made to order, 52 50: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand >hoes. 959 Howard st.
"l\r AN TEL— MEN TO LEA RN BARBER
»» trade: shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 188y a Eighth.
\Y -ANTED. TOI'OLLEUT WAGE- DUE LABOR-
'» eraAclerks K OX Collection Acer, 110 Sutter.
RESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED. DIPLOMAS
rilled out & all kinds of penwork. J. W. GRIF-
ill, Heald's Business College, 24 Post at.
LOR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
-1 tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 15H4 Market st.. bet.
Larktn and City Hal! live., or 7VJ Mission St.;
large slock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made to order, any style, $3 up.
SINGLE RUOMS 10a AND 15c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. sixth and Howad.
W r ANTi-.D- LABORERS A«D MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprie-
tor, still rum Denver House. 217 Third si.; Hit
large rooms; 25c per night. $1 to $3 per week.
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTION* FOR
' ' Ths Cam. are taken at Branch u file* south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis,
I (\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
-> yly ' and -.'Oc a nlgnt. Including coffee ana roil*.
t24 Washington ku. near Kearnv.
BE^T IN CITY— SI3CULK ROOMS. 15. 20 AMI
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 50 per week.
I'aclilo House. Commercial and l.eldesrtorit sis.
1 (\1 NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICB OF
XUf lull call. snbscriptloa and want ads
Uken.
I#kcruitB WANTED tOR the U. a MA-
XV rin* Corps. U. s. Kavy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 'II and 80 years
who are citizens of the United States, or thorn
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come inch: must be of good character an habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting Office*
20 Kills St.. San Francisco. CaL
EIXUOHOUj-K. 8631* MARKET ST.— AioOMd
-i 20c. 25c to 60c night; $1 to S J weet
fjUIY ACMK HOUSE. *&/ MARKET ST., BS-
X low Sixth, for a room: Ksea night: $1 a week.
"\y ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
» » shoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
lug through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait; ladles' soling, 85c; men's
soling 60c: tine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot or shoes been damaged y water at
less tnan one-fourth their value, from 76c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission st, be:. First and Second.
1 700 MORE PAIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN
X I \J \J damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 562 Mission su
bet. First and second.
V\T AMiIU-SlA'iiL*, KOOMM. l»o A DAY; «i
>»» week; rooms for 2. 35c a day. $1 60 a week;
ad Ing-room: dally papers. »6 Clay st.
])OOMS. 150 TO 75c PER NIc.HT: 50c TOsl 60
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drumra st. /
W.USCHKSTKK HOUSt, 44 ihiKU BT., NX.
" MtoKet: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-
room: tree bus and ba^eace to and from the terry.
tt-'S 3 A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
i •*-*' WEKk'LY CALL, la wrapper, lor mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
ANTED— S LIVE AND ENERGETIC LADT
if canvassers; right parties can make $10 per
day for next 8 weeks. Addre-s, stating experi-
ence. S. L. and L. Co., box 59, Call office.
A GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK. "THE FIRST
Xv cattle." : Apply or address for territory F.
PERSON, manager subscription department THE
WHITAKKR & RAY COMPANY. 723 Market st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st.. near Eighth tele-
phone Mint 1393, you get highest cash pal 1 for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc. STREET* CKESWELL. Auctloneers.927
Market st rm.3lli. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF you want GOOD pricks FOR furni-
-1 tnre and merchandise see BURD. 211 Larkln.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED —TO RENT A TENT 60x100,
with seats and lights. Address WM. Rli'. ,
145 Twelfth St., room 18.
UUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHED
X* doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1163 Mission st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st; send postal.
EDUCATIONAL-
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
Mathematics; pupils prepared in day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor-
nla and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot: bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1216 Octavla st., tan Francisco,
Ml^S ELIZA MACKINTOSH. cunil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. if.. Saturday a. If.
HEALD'3 BUSINESS COLLKGH; 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 'JO teachers: 15.0UJ gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YRES'. THK LEADING COLLEGE, 821
Montgomery St.; Individual Instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta :
liie scholarship $50: low ratc-i per week and mo.
SHORTHAND. TYPEWRITING 8CIIOOL:
iviwUili. German: private or cl ess; low rates.
Room :12, Donohue building, over the Maze.
ELASCO'H LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
[ on stage. R. b and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt
LEO COOPER. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire aud vocal music, hi * Geary st
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
civil, mining, survey, assay, jiichit., X ray
taught; p5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 Mkt
ENGLISH, LATIN. MATHEMATICS. MISS
ROULSTON, teacher, 724 O'Farrell St.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS; NEW,
quick method; $2 60 par month. 323 Hyde.;
AN JO TAUGHT TO BEGINNERS, 26 CENTS
i-> per lesson. Address a., box 76, Call Office.
MANDOLIN, GUiTAR — AMATEUR PLAY-
•'I ers to join club. Pi OF. Mi-.RKI, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERM AN, 75c; PUPIL I.EIPSIC Con-
servatory and German High school. 110 Hydest
AMY J. BE A.-. 405 MCALLISTER— VOICE
XV culture,piatio:pri.ies.s2 hr.,vocalclassessl mo.
nOOKKPNG. WIIITNU. AKITHHTC GKAMR.
J>dav it night; uoclatses; $5 monin. 845 Mission.
SINCJNG. . PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
Frencn, tieiman languages: $_' ma 109 'layioc
Gl MAR. .IAN^oLi-N. P.ANU AND Vu^.
lrssont. L.i ma Mary Weatbasa, a* Fifth.
ÜB^CI:IPTIONS AND WANT ADs FOR THE
Call taken a: branch uttice, i-int Hayes st;
open until y.SU o'clock
I.OST.
lOST - TUESDAY AN OLD - FASHIONED
■J gold-fob ham with Sal: valued only as a relic.
Kinder piease return to Bohein an Club and re-
cu.ve $5 reward.
LOST— NX Art CALIFORNIA AND FILL
XJ more s:s., a small, brown collie dog. Return
to 1329 Butter st. and receive reward.
1 i Sl— Bd. JESSIE AND SIXTH, MISSION
• ' and Eighth sts., bunch of keys. Re. urn 44
Jessie st. : rewar 1.
1 ADY'S BLACK KNAMELKD WATCH AND
■1 i pin set with pearls and diamonds Find r
will be 1 rally rewaided by resuming s<meto
216 California
1 OST— ON APRIL I, A '>ILVER-PLATKD
i J cairi»ce door i andle. Return to Huos BROS..
27 Keurny st.; reward.
LACK COCKER SPA MEL BITCH; BOB-
• » trli; wh te spot on breast. Keturu to 1590
Fulton st.; re\v rd.
I OST— A PAIR OF GOLD-FRAMED SPECTA-
»> c'.es on Manning place. 1-inder please return
to Call ullice and receive reward.
I > RANCH OFFICE OFTUK 1 ALL. 167 NINTH
I 1 st.: want ad-, and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
iyAUON;OWNKR CAN HAVE BAM X BY
'" paying expenses. Twenty-sixth and Noe sts.
L'Ol'XU-ON MARKET ST.. $600 INDORSED
1 note-; call ana prove ownership. B. D. I.ACA-
ZKTTE. 519 Jackson St.
HORSES.
STRONG BUSINESS BUGGY, HOR-E AND
harness, good as new, cheap. Ncvab:e stables,
42 Clay K.
"HrAXTKD— BUSINESS HORSE AND BUGGY
>' for solitaire diamond ring and solid gold
watch. A. A., box 134, Call Office.
LADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOR
salecheap. Devisadero-st. stable, nr.McAlllsler.
BUGGY HORSK-OOOD ROADSTER; WILL
sell cheap. 1112 Golden oa:e aye.
2 HOUSE*. WAGON, HARNESS; LOCKS:
*-* suitable for delivery, peddling or traveling; for
salecheap, A. W., box 109, Call Cilice.
A UCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
xi- 11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yatds, 220 Valencia st., S.
WATKINs-, auctioneer.
A(\ HOKSE3 FOR BALE; ALSO WAGONS.
" I " buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ADO > Li:. Auc.ioneers.
El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
J^ of good harness, our own make, of ever/ de-
scription, for less money than you ran buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st, S. F.
CfJ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLK FOR ANY
«Jl/busiuesa 900 to IuOU pounds. Old Turk-st car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of larze young mule*.
f\(U\ & *- 1- NKW A2VIJ bi-.CONU-JdANu UAH-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, cam. snrrsr
dtrockawar: 40 cheap horses. 15th an.i Vale.ici*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TSrANTED-SICCOND-HANn OPEN HACK,
" nrst-class order, cheap for cash; also hack
harness. Address H. X . box 102, Call office.
IpOR SALIC CHEAP-BIKE BUGGY; FINEST
in the city; also solid rubber tired buggy, suita-
ble for city or road. Inquire 645 Geary su
HPAS^KNOEK WAGONETTE AND MOD-
em landau and Victoria; almost new
O'BRIEN <fc SONS, 500 Golden Gate aye.
pOUPK FOR SALE CHEAP FOR CASH.
Call 645 Geary su
Nl AND hKCOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
dry and milk wagon: also tine top buggy aud
rockaway. »28 Harrison st
CARPET CLEANING.
fiARPKT-1 LEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Siratton, 3 Bth st
CARPETa CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKK
\J new. J. McQUEKN. 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 8.228.
CITY BTtAM CARPET CLEANING WORK*-
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
tear. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 25a
WHEN YOU BKCOMK Dl--GUSTEU WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-67 fchama st. ; tel. so. 40.
ADVANCE CA KPiiT-CLK AN I M CO.. 402
jCX butter; teL Main 394. UKU ALCOM, prop.
(CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKK
V^new. 23 Tenth; teL south 36. Mackintosh 4: Co.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-denning renovtg. alt»r-
. ailon works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie HO.
JE. MITCHELL, CAK AMNU CO
. 240 14th st : cleanln: So a yard. Tel. Mis. 7t.
pONKLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORK*
\J 833 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126. -
TO LEASE.
TO LET OR LEA BE— ACADEMY HALL; 40x
X 120; cor. Mission and Mary sts , bet Fifth and
Sixth. Apply to L. .\ LTSCHUL. 320 Clay st
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
TOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM.*
O 20 . and in. Crocker MiiUllim; MleviiOiM luu
_ «A Uaa Franasco, Cai. . .
r BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
tnre, restaurant, saloon fixtures and sxocerr
stocKs. STENBKKG. 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
■\* ANUFACTURING AND REPAIRING ES-
iu tablishment: fully equipped: run past 25
years; always made money; suited for man and
wife; 9 hands employed: good nu:side irade; In-
vestigate this. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market.
(j> if\f\ BUTCHEKSHOP; GOOD CORNER
tID~ivU. Western Addition; on 650. In-
cluding stab.c: cuts 3 ca tie, 14 sheep,2 valves
weekly; horse, wagon. STENBERG, 632 Market.
ffl-OFin SALOON AND LUNCHriOUSE:
tfl^UU.wholeiale dlst. STENBJsBO, 652 Markt
BUTCHEK-SHOP; GOOD LOCATION; RENT
taken in trade. STENBEKG, 632 Market St.
Partner WANTED in THE best OYSTKR
aud chop house In Oakland; will guarantee the
place clears $.'5O a monto: big all-ni^lu trade;
owner prefers partner to hired help: every investi-
gation Invited. SI EN BERG A. CO., 632 Market.
$7~rv OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE ON
• O\J. one of the mou prominent streets a
block and a half from Market; mod»ra c rent; old-
established, well-paying place; crowded all day
long. M. LHS-. 5 Fourth st.
ffiOQC DYEING AND CLEANING BUSl-
<?—■—«-/. ness in the heart of the city; cheap
rent; 4 nic - living rooms, elegantly furnished. M.
LESS. 5 Fourth St.
*t|ifl SALOON ON BUSIEST STREET
<JrcH'V/. north of Market; magnificently fur-
nished private rooms; large milliard and card
rooms and office; tine fixtures, cash register, valu-
able paintings, etc.: large stock; has a good,
steady day trade, extensive nigh* business; posi-
tive value In sight for over $1000: this place could
not ba bought at any price, but is sacrificed, as
owner muit leave the city In two or three days;
must be sold by Thursday. M. LESS, 6 Fourth su
tttitlfi CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; IN
ilPDul/. liveliest location south of Market st. :
cheap rent; living-rooms; large stock; big bar
business: established corner; for a bargain see
this. M. LESS, 3 Fourth st.
a. 1 Ofkfl FRUIT, POULTRY AND GRO-
«ip I *_Uv'. eery business in busiest location in
the city, established 15 years: 2 horses and wag-
ons constantly running; has an extensive cash
business. M. LJfcbH, 5 Fourth st. ■:,'
<2>Q(\(\ SALOON TOWN; NICE FIX-
OUU. tures, worth double the amount asked ;
4 llvlng-rocms and kitchen: good place. M.
LESS, 6 Fourth St.
C»Qwf\ COR. GROCERY AND BAR IN THE
«JpO«JU. Western Addition; living-rooms; rent
cheap; old-established place: steady cash trade.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth r:.
tl'lin COR - GROCERY AND BAR IN ONE
OvUU, of the best locations north of Market
su; 'elegant living-rooms; rent only $28; water
free; bears thorough investigation; owner selling
on account of business In the ait. M. LESS, 6
Fourth sc.
STATIONERY, BCHOOL SUPPLIES, LAUN-
dry office and cigai-store in choicest portion of
Western Addition: well-stocked; 4 nice living-
rooms; rent only $20; paying business. M. LES-»,
5 Fourth st.
ffi"Onn ELEGANTLY FITTED UP SALOON,
ipCiVfyt. O pp. -, lv Hall, with clubroom; side
entrance: large day and night trade; big sacrifice;
owner going East. WILKE, 783 Marke; st.
JjijCA LOON ON THIRD ST., CLOSE
»"iPvJ«JI/. to new Call building: (loins good pay-
-1 ing business: must soil at once; disagreement of
partners. WILKE, 783 Market st.
•_> AA SALOON WITH 4 LIVING-ROOMS
•P»»v/V/. on Howard St.: low rent; doing good
business; makeorTer. WILKr, 783 Market su
QjOCA CORNER SALOON: KSTABLISHED
•IP*it^V'. years; one b.ock north of ..arket«u,
close to Examiner office: a genuine bargain; act-
ual value $100 U. WILKK, 78» Market at.
7P. A SALOON IN . H<>lCiiST BUBINKBS
•JP IvW, location: established 20 years: 1 bil-
liard. 1 nool-tHble: '•ash regi-,;er: rent 0.1. y $50; a
first-clas* p^yiiig place. WILES, 783 Market st.
AI.OOV. AND LUNCH- HOUSE NEAR
larce factories suitable (or man and wife: can
be bought direct from brewery: not much ready
cash required. WiLKK, 753 Market st.
orri saloon ; old-e-tablished
«jp-I«JV». place; best location in th» city; owner
is there 3 ears; also 4 rooms, including furniture,
kitchen, '1 store rooms; a floe yard; must be so d
this week: owner lia-i other busiues.4 in the coun-
try, lnqulr- 2h5 'l hird st. J. LEMLE, or Broad-
way Brewery. 19th s.. and Treat aye.
TO PLUMBKRS AND GASFITTERS-313V4
X cutter st . above Grant nve , has oeen occupied-
for the i P3t 25 years by a plumber. Apply MADI-
SON & BUKKK
TO ALE AND PORTK I- BREWERS— INTER-
est in a sma.l brewery for sale; less than one-
third cost: everything In *hap-> and clear of debt.
Ap. HERRMANN & CO.. 309-311 Sacramento.
4>l ,-.k PARTNER WANTED FOR CASH
fjyi. business: exclusive trade of the entire
coast; suied to plain steady man satisfied with
*18 to $29 a weak to alaru Apply Business
broker, 45 Third st.
WANTED— TO PURCHASE A BUSINESS,
"» saloon or otherwise; not over $500. W. J. W.,
i ox 101. Call office.
UST BE SOLD; HOME BAKERY; GOOD
trade and location: 3 iiving-ro-ms; parties
going East. 10Q8 llyae St.
CjT^Cl FRUIT. POULTRY, GROCERY
0 I O\J . store; good horse and wagon. 3382
Mission su
flj»f'?; VERY FINE FIXTURES OF
<IpUt>. butcher-shop. Apply D. MoRAE, 827
Mission st.
\\T ANTED— RELIABLK PERSON AS PART-
»* ncr in good-paying business; experience not
necessary. Address B. P., box 134. Call Office.
"TTiRDIT STORE AND QROCKRY FOR SALE;
1 owner leaving city. 602 California st.
"IA^ANTED— TO RENT A FURNISHED DIN
»* in;-room. L. M., box 69, Call Office.
CPOnfl TO INVEST *« STATE PROPOSITION.
>)\J\J Address S. C, box 110. Call.
PAYING SAIOON CHEAP: OWNER
VJT leaving city. Ca.l 630 Market st.
RKSTAUKANT WORTH $200 GOtS TO-DAY
XV for $50 cash. Particulars 639 California st.
KsTAURANTj HOOD LIVING FOR TWO:
cheap if taken this month. 324 Larkin st.
OUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
A partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post su
IGAR-STANI) WORTH 1200 GOES TO-DAY
\J for $65. 639 California at.
2LAKGE ROOMS AND LARGE BASEMENT-
— tent free first month. 639 California St.
BY EXPERIENCED PROSPECTOR AND
practical miner, some financial backing to go
prospecting in the de«eru Audress B. X., box 73.
Call Office.
OR SALE— CHEAP; FINK LIQUOR-STORE;
■ g od outside trade; cheap rent: must be sold.
Call at 8-.0 Valencia su, before 9 a. k.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
\J young ladr: small capital. Room 2, 1016
Market st , or 11 J-.ddy.
yOR SALK— WATER-FRONT SALOON, DO-
X 1 ing gcod business; price $150. Apply 108
Steuart st.
RESTAURANT: $75: GOOD LOCATION
XV Call at 1405 California it., nr. Hyae.
FINE DRUGSTORE, WORTH $5000, WILL
r sell for $2600. P. O. box 420, Oakland.
I^IRST-CLASS LOCATION FOR GROCERY
J. and tar, with Hat of a rooms and bath, cellar
and stable; rent very reasonable. Corner Golden
Gate aye. and Scott st.
•^l9^o 10 * ACKES IN SANTA CLARA
tPJZiOV. County; must sell or exchange for
grocery-store or lodging-house. Inquire at 410
Keai ny St., room 10.
PARTNER WANTED WITH $1000 IN A
W, 'ooTlof, Cafl Q r ffl n c O e Vat>ng ™" ***"'" r '
YOUNG WIDOW, WITH MEANS, DERIRFS
104 8 Ma 1 P» rtner who understands business
104 Mason »v •
<5;P;00 ONE OP THE BEST GROCERY-
S \ J 'w " 8 ln '£* w «tern Addition for «ale
cheap. NW. corner Post and Lyon sts.
<n»-iae BUTCHER- SHOP; fine fiy
tp l^O. tares; low rent, lnqolre 1105 Mission!
GiOOu PAYING FKUITSTURE FOB saik
VJ cheap. Apply Call Office sal*.
pOMI'LETE BUTCHER- SHOP OUTFIT
\J cheap; leaving lor co try. 1913 H«»ward st.
ASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIKKS A QEN-
tlema., partner; small capital. 850 Marteu rl
G^^^^^OR-KEN^P:
$9000 £°« D V. ARTZ MINK TOR SALE
in°;. l co m ?etV: \1? P 8 " *>*'**«*+* ".eT«her bmla:
run rea?» t« .- ree led « es - shafts and tunnels
D . boi^S.'cari^fflce*- ™™ IB • I hl - AddreBB
D^he° e l T^, Rl f : HiI^SOMKST STORE IN
forselUnL AH * nd) v" oCut ™»- hest reasont
for selling. Address Drugs, box 139, Calt Office.
i 1 JS.om, L , I b C i?- R 1 . NtR GROCERY AND BAR;
ieio sT-? " * th - Ap P ly cor Larkln and V »' L
TI A .i£ . l-yThRE-sl IN HORSEHHOKING-
"■ shop, Cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st.
■ C A £ DY .l WECKEAM.-AND.bCHOOL SUP-
■»oom«anrt h."V c: n " r ■chool:-4.«onny..llTtn B -
gntu^gj^"^ c " A "^ "»«*
TJKANCH BAK/-.RY, CANDY.AND NOTIONS-
nirti K - ro la : doln * a « <iod business; bargain
, party going Ea»u Apply Call OtUce. '
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued."
m-irr RESTAURA>' r AN ' COFFKE-
(jpi (O. house: Market St.; clearing $• f> month;
can seat 35: sickness c:uis? of selling HEALY,
917 Market.
ffl.-| fIA CJGAK-.-T >OKK; CORNER* SKAR /
tPiUU. Market; bus-in at $8 per day. HEAI.Y, )
917 Market st. ; * I
DO YOU WANT TO SEMjYOUR BUSINESS^'
promptly for cash? 50 saloois. groceries and
bars cheap. HEALY, 917 Market st.
Jjonr LADIES, ATTENTION — BRANCH
t|pO— O. bakery, confectioner*-, cigars, etc.; re-
ceipts $8 a day: Mason St.: 6 room:. jiaaLY, 917
Market st. .'r.'vi .. ■-•:)*•
m>c)nr {\ or half interest IN WKLL-
«IS^SUUU paying odginjt-house; ruus. be intel-
ligent woman over 3j; the present owner Is a
widower and has business in the country. A.M.,
box 80. Call office.
<?-:.)£ MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION A-NiJ
_ tJ—U want ads taken tor Thk Call.
BKANCH BAKERY, NOTION A D STATION-
ery store; lurniture 01 6 rooms for sale. 449
Guerrero st. ■', - < • -•; .
irOUNG LADY DESIRES uE.NTLEMAN
X partner; small capitaL Apply I'JO Geary st.,
room 2. ,
QTORAGE WAREHOUSE: GRAND CHANCE;
0 good income; must be sold. 211 Larkin su
£-] MISSION — SALOON AND 3 LIVING-
U«) rooms; doing good business: cheap; good
reasons.
For sale— paper route, news and
stationery business. Address box 2034, An-
gels Camp, Cat.
ITY KOUXii rUK aALii APPLY 1 HIS
Office.
I.ODGINO-HOUSES FOR SALE.
94 ROOM* ON MARKET ST ...» 850
ii"i 14 rooms, only . 250
'.0 rooms: corner: new 1,20(1
HroonißOo Sutter..'. 350
7-rcom house, only ; "J6O
U. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ffljfifJA LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 WELL.
<IP""vr. furnished 'rooms; cheap reut: excel*
lent loc tlon ; lr you want a bargain see this house.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth »U nv£ - - '
"I O ROOMS AND BATH: FIFTH 5T..... $550
XU 12 rooms, neatly furnished: easy terms. 450
48 rooms: corner, on sutter SU 2800
300 more houses on our list.
WILKE, 7*3 Market.
"I A-ROOM HOUSE; BEAUTIFULLY FUR-
±\J nlshed; well situated; close in; every room
rented permanently; paying well. R. 11., box
114. this office.
6 ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED WITH EV-
ery thine new, for sale; will sell It for $130; rent
$18. 367 Jessie st., near Fifth.
TRANSIENT LODGING-HOUSE; 8 ROOMS
1. and bath; call bet. 3 ana sp. 11. 139 Taylor st.
\.\ UST SELL ON ACCOUNT SICKNESS; 9
I*l rooms: well furnished. 339 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
FURNITURE FOR KALE.
■\TEAT HOUSEHOLD 3 ROOMS, KITCHEN,
i.\ complete as It stands; cheap rent; private
bouse; north of Market su Inquire Cigar-stand,
927 Market st.
T3ETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XV must close out stock in 30 days: brussels car-
pet, 4'JVic yard: floor oilcloth. 18c; mat tin;, 7a
yard; room sets, S pieces. $9 60: 4-roora fur-
niture outfit, $66. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747
.Marie et st., opp. Gram aye.
FIRE SALE NOW GOING ON; ENTIRE
stock of Carpets and Furniture damaged by
tire, smoke and watsr: musl be sold for account of
underwriters. SHIREK <fc SHIKEK, 747 Market.
Fl EMTUKK OF SMALL FLAT FOR SALE
X? immediately; cheap. 724Va Natoma su
S^VE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
_ Buckingham Far. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD ranges ARE the best.
JOHN F. MEY ERS CO.. 947 Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
XV We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $6, $7, $8. 9, $10
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pity rent when the same monthly
paym nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY 4 CO., cor. Ke*rny aud Sutter bis., stein-
ay dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XX house west Of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 u'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, or all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible done 10 please and saiiaiy the
customer.
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; mont payments from s5 up: dcliv- I
er«'d free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 033 Market itu, opp. Maaou; «staU
llshed over -v years.
A NEW YO«* X PIANO $30, LADD CO. $75,
•?*. Philips $80, Melnway $I'J5, Weber $250,
Hardman $390. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
Second Floor, Flood Building, Fourth and Market.
BON A FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush <& Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft <& Co., 824 Post
HAW, STEINWA\, «250; CHICKERINgT
$185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right. $95. HEINE, 136 Ellis su
fflj"! OK $160— BEST BARGAINS IN THB»
VPi-^-O. City; good second-hand uprights. Th«
ZENO MAUVAI-. Music Co.. 769 Market su
ffl»OXfl UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
tjP^tJU. Bros.'); cost $500. Apply 835 Pine st.
ft 1 flft ELEGANT GROVESTEEN FULLER
UU. Dlano $5 installments. 221 Leaven worth
ft inn AN ELEGANT STEINWAY PIANO
<iPXv"U. for sale;account departure. 1515Larkiu
BARGAIN, $76; ERARD. FISCHER AND
other nprlghu. HORNUNG'S. 216 Post st.
ftl 7*V NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL, ■ SCARF;
«E>X I O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S,22BPosU
BARGAIN. FINE LARGE UPRIGHT.CHEAP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAUlster.nextHlbernla Bank.
T SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILXi
you find a stock of new steinway pianos.
W G. BADGER. SOLE At- ENT FOR H ALLET?
• • .& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
BYRON MALZY. SOB POST ST.— SOHMKit.
> ewby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
Ss^ 1 10 * VIOLINS, ZITHEKS, OLD& NEW
KJ H. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 i-a: hum place.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
ftl fk IMPROVED HIGH- SINGER
np IV. sewing machine; all attachments. 2437
Mission St., near Tweuty-flisu
BICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, $46; BIG
XJ bargains in second-hands. Waverley Retail.
216 McAllister st. Wholesale, 61 First st.
A >UNBUK>TCLUSTKK DIAMOND, LADY'S
-TV Din, for $40; cost $100. UNCLE HaRRIS
16 Grant aye.
2 HOUSES FOR SALE; TO BE MOVED. 231
Ash aye., between Van Ness and Franklin.
«M (\F\ AER.VOTER WINDMILL AND 2000-
-*H)-L\J*J. gallon tank and pump in good condi-
tion, together with piping, for sale. Apply for fur-
ther information to G. H. UMBSEN ,fc Co., 14
Montgomery su
SET OK BLACKSMITH'S TOOLS; ANVIL,
shrluker, drill, etc. Golden Gate aye. and
PoU at. /
CREAM SEPARATOR (NO. 2 BABY): IN USE
only 4 months: $80; cost $150; new. Apply
1 69 Second st. , S. <•'. vv 3
SODA FOUNTAIN, $90: COST $200. APPLY
169 Second St., 8. F. ."-/iv'v-*; -~,"^ ,
FOR SALE-SMALL NEWSPAPER PLANT.
X 1 411% California st , room 21.
me FEMALE, THOROUGHBRED F«,X-TEK-
tOt). rier pup; finely marked: 4 montus old;
pedigree e,iven. Address Dog, box 41, Call Office.
T OT OF OLD FINE Vl ]JXS FOR SALE
XJ cheap. Inquire 410 Kearny st., room 10.
flt PL handsome, roli-top cherry
$pO«J. office de-k; cost $85. 1»24 Pacific s'.
/•-FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH;
V in perfect order. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
\ T EW CAsH-KKUISTEn* KwK K*L»  k TO
renu MAOIIR,, 130 P-nsome si. room 8.
K°_t'^J l S?- Mu^ IS! *- SBl> * iA -V»^ACrti>-Klt-ir
xj water-pipes. A-cintoan^ Wolproan. 137 Heal*
VINE BLACK >Cll ; $12 60. JllSFli' uUiU<
X ing parlors. 513 Moutg omer .. »:.
C)°.fJ^ h Mli;i * "CALKS. LETTER 1 KES3,
\J stand desk. money u.i. safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
PARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. J-HELV-
-1 Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
LALGE DOUBLE CUMI'AHIMbAi COIN
1J bunk sat*; che» t Mission su
i.AKS. BACK iJARS, AIIKROKs. SHOW-
.,«rI. «™ nnters « linoleum, office furniture,
liJotn n i? °sace,5 ace , fUr aitur- and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N« ONAxN, iOl7-iulu-:o^l-lu^j
Mission a,, above Sixth.
Nw V^! <XlDmiil!: ? AK| ! the BEST.
•LI W. 6. RAY MFU. to, l-_< California su- . , *T
o*riS| V IXI MKUIUM AND LAKIiE-SIZB
V/ fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market «.
A ffi'fv NEWS FOR B CE^TS-TH»
I •*-»- WE*. KLY CAXJ*. la wrapper, for xnalltna. .HOUSES TO LET.
107 i*ERRY, BET. THtKD AND FOURTH- I
X\J I 6 large su.>ny rooms, bath: reasonable. "
IJARGAIN— MUST SELL; NEW HOrSK:.S j
1 > rooms and lot 50x125- -. V. water: outhouse;
.v garden. App yat 250 Lobos su, Ocean View.
I j TWENTY-SEVENTH — H«. USE 6 KOOMS
I 1 and bath; stationary nibs in annex, next to 1
kitchen: electric-cars nt corner and Valenc;a-su !
line next bock; * cozy, comfortable home for
family and good tenants will be appreciated: 917.
water free: key at grocery. MADISON &BURHE,
Agents,
1 90^ ' ' OLI) EN GATK AYE. — HOUSE 6 !
±^.\)U ; rooms: renovated: large yard; key at |
1205 Golden Gale aye
SUNNY 10-ROOM HOUSE; MODERN IM-
kj provemens: low rent. 3522 Nineteenth su N
A BOOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
" 282 Na.oma st.. i.ear Fourth. . ;. :\.
OCAw WASHINGTON"— 7 ROOMS; BATH;
— O\'O first-class condition and location; large
garden.
91 90 mason, near Lombard— B-room j
— I *-O house and bath; newly renovated: rent !
$17.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <t HOWELL'B, 10
Montgomery st.
1 99fl BUSH - SUNN HOUSE; 9 ROOMS:
-J — -.V yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
&jn 1731 BKOADWAY, NKAK GOUGH— 8
lU^iV'. looms: every convenience: marine view.
mmmm — I ■— ~— I i
FURNISHED HOUSES.
-1 if\C GROVE ST. — FURNISHED HOUSE 10 J
1 "iUO rooms and bath: large garden, stable, ,
I eta: rent r«asonab'e. Apply on premises or G. H.
UMBStX, IS Montgomery sU
V' V KNISH ED HOL'SE: 10 ROOMS AND BATH;
-T $25 month: nr. *an K»f«e. Inquire 21 • Turk.
11RMSHED FLATS.
TXTELL-FCRNIBHED MODERN FLAT, 5 OR
>' 6 rooms; 'JiHVs ."Sutler si. Apply 12 to 2. .
C:C{X UPPER FLAT: 1650b HAVES ST., 1
•• '->O. block from park panhandle: 7 rooms;
bath: lautidrv. \VM. NICOL. 634% California.
COTTAGES TO LET.
/"COTTAGE, 5 BOOHS, BATH, LAUNDRY;
\J chicken-yard: fine marine view; large lot; gar-
den. 1816 Green St., bet. Octavia and Laguua.
Q] ;r NICE COTTAGK; 6 ROOMS; BATH;
0 it/, sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
SUNNY COTTAGK* OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath; basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sis.
TO LET- COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
X rent 918. 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
MODERN BAY-WINDOW CORNER FLAT: 5
-L»l large rooms; separate entrance; cheap. 1101
Bryant st.
9 NEW UPPER SUNNY MODERN i-LATS.
— 935 Golden Gate aye. and 615 Grove st.
1 TIL AT TO LET— S ROOMS, BATH; LATEST
. improvements '2936 California st.
9nflf-t AND 2016 HOWARD ST.. BET. SIX-
wUUU teemii and Seventeenth-Flats. 8 and 9
rooms and ba'.h, new. rent $25; flats. 5 ana 6
rooms and bath, on Howard st., near Sixteenth,
rent 512 50.
1 7 NEW FLATS AN D 9 NEW.' HOUSES
L I ready April 10; low rents. SPECK <t CO.,
602 jjarket st.
] 9] 9 AND 1220 MISSION, BET. EIGHTH
-< **X — and Ninth— 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
QOjr SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, CAKPKTED
•I s —O. and cooking range. Keys 828 Lombard.
VICE SUNNY FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
-Li furni.ure for sa!e; bargain. 403 Third st.
&H1 FLAT 4 ROOMS. 43 ZoE ST.. NEAR
(Jlu. Brannan, bet. Third and Fourth.
Gj-I AND $18: NEW FLAT?.; NE. COR.
•_ i " Go.den Gate aye. and Lyon St.: 5 and 6
rooms and bath each: all modern conveniences:
newly painted and decorated; see iheni. Ml a IN-
WALD, BUCKBKE <fe CO., 218-220 Montgomery
street.
<5.-|_| 14 ELLIOT PARK. OFF STEINEP. ST.,
•?X"±. near O'FamU: nict- house of 6 rooms 1
and bath, worth $5; good yard and neighborhood; j
•water free: good condition. sHAINWALD, 1
BUCKB.-.E * CO., 218-220 Mo tgomeryst.
Q9/| 6 LARGE KOOMS; •> STORY,- WITH I
O— "• large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- fifth
St., near Castro.
$18—6 rooms: porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero •
St.. near Twenty-sixth. - - - -. .. •.
$16—5 rooms; porcelain bath; 542 a Castro St.,
near Nineteenth.
Q ROOMS AND BATH; 61 HERMANN ST.,
V cor. ttevenson; $20 per month; cli sunny.
1 Qfi^ FINELY FURNISHED SUN- !
X O\JO ny upper flat 5 rooms; bath; laundry;
rent reasonable.
LATS TO LET FOR VERY . LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <fc HOWKU'S, 10 Mont-
emery st. > ...
/'HEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
V. rooms. $8 to $16: *** them. 523 «oventh st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS. i
Buchanan Street.
ar\n BUCHANAN— SUNNY bay-window
UU_ and small kitchen,3l l : with large, $15.
■-f-^ : ;
Lush !<tree~
Ci} A BUSH-NICE NEWLY FURNISHED
*-' I t sunny rooms: convenient for housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
Capp Street.
fI~Z. CAPP— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS WITH j
"'u«J bath, suitable for housekeeping; terms rea-
Eonable.
Cleveland Street.
"I 9 CLEVELAND, OFF 7TH, NR. FOLBOM-
-I —. Front sunny furnish'd housekeplng suite, 9.
Eddy street.
Q 1 7 EDDY-VERY NICELY FURNISHED,
0 X ( sunny, connecting housekeeping rooms. '
i-iith gmit.
"I (\1 FIFTH — PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
Iv( Dished rooms to let. .
, Qor FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHEI' HOUSE-
-o^.o keeping, 2, $10: 8, $14: single, 5.
FIFTH— FRONT ROOM. AND KITCH-
-1 — O-z en furnished for housekeeping cheap.
1 iliiuorp Street.
Cf-\f\ 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
0J "• good yard. 2212 FlUmore st., near Clay.
lolnom stree;. , . ..-
nC\A FOLSOM— 2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY FRONT
t \J'i housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished.
Q7A FOLBOM— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
"II rooms: housekeepz; private family; cheap.
Fourth -treet.
99«T rOURTH-FL BNI3HED BOOMS FOB
~£O light housekeeplnc - • •
Fulton Street.
"I no FULTON— FURNISHED CONNECTING
I\'O room for housekeeping: uas. etc.
1 1 f\ FULTON— 3 LABGE, HOUSEKBEPINO i
HO rooms; complete; yard; sunny side; cheap. |
. Golden Ciate Avenue.
OAQ GOLDEN GATE AYE. —LARGE AL-
Cv/O cove aDd parlor, Kitchen and other rooms.
"I 91 i\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 3 .LARGE
. J -1" rooms complete for housekeeping: pri-
vate family. . . '■>' i:'-<i *-". ■
■ I
.Howard ■- :«b.,
pr 99 HOWARD — UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
>)^_ keeping rooms; $- to $8 month: water free.
• • Hyde Street. ..
t)(\Q HYDK-4 FURNISHED ROOMB FOR
«— ' 'O housekeeping; complete. • : . .
tiesale Street. - '
QAC JESSIE, NR. FIFTH— 3 FURNISHED
Out) housekeeping rooms: rent $16. ■ »
uones ntree.. )
/in JONE a — SUNNY FLOOR OF 3 ROOMS
furnished for boasek^eplng: 10 a. v. to 5
>• M ■-■.•■. _ •■. ' ■ ; ; _ 
31 isKion Street.
Q9l MISSION— SUNNY SUITE, COMPLETE
O^X for housekeeping: #10. ... ...
-[ O'l MISSION, COR. NINTH— 3 CONNE< T-
-1 L\)X jug housekeeping rooms; $3 50 a week.
.Njuin S'.rees.
91 NINTH— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
*-•»- for light housekeeping {running watsr. .
, Noe Street. .
K1 NOE, BLOCK NORTH MaRKET-
-I*J L Large bedroom, kitchen with range, sta-
tionary tubs, latli yard, $12. . • .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Oak Street.
AQ OAK — *10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
jO panori; first floor; si:>k and place for stove.
-'.',. O'iur«:l »**••<«.
Q9O O'FARRELL, NEAR VaN NESS— FUR-
i »/«£•> nisbed basement, kitchen and sunny yard;
for housekeeping: cheap.
:^}r ; I ■»«»-! i Strees. '
Ql Q POWELL, NR. C^AY— 'ROOMS US-
j ''!<' furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
Seventh Streej.
IJ9 SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
■I 1— kitcnens-.aiso single rooms; newly renovated
C»(* XI) 2 FURNI^HKD. HOUSEKEEPING
tJDU.UU. rooms. 553 seventh st.
, : ; ' . * silver Street.
"I OX SILVER, NEAR FOURTH — SUNNY
.1 UiJ front room and kitchen; furnished for
housekeeping.
South Park.
09 SOUTH PARK-ONE OR TWO SUNNY
O— rooms furnished for housekeeping; also
single rooms.
Stevenson Street.
C"! Q STEVENSON, KKAR-2 SUNNY UN-
*JI\J furnished rooms: yard and ceilar.
Stockton Street.
17 STOCKTON HOPE AN HOUSK)— NICE
J I front suite and kitchen; reasonable renu
61 1 STOCKTON, NR. PINK— OF 2
W'X large front unfurnished rooms; furnished
front room. " •* ■ . ■ ■
"1 7(|O STOCKTON- 8 CONNRCTING ROOMS
X ivo furnished complete for housekeeping:
yard; cheap.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH — PARLOR FLOOR, HOUSE-
J — J keeping: piano: suitable 4 adults; reason-
able.
■iijirti stree:.
' I"I Q THIRD —DOUBLE ROOM, (6; FUR-
!XX nished front housekpg rooms, cheap rent.
Twenty-fifth Street.
A~\ QQ TWENTY-FIFTH. NEAR CARTRO-3
L *-' ( -' nice sunny rooms, with bath, suitable for
j man and wife; no children: carpets, curtains, hot
j and cold water, gas: appreciated if seen. S^fgi
j TT^9^V : ETT^FIF : Tliy¥K~wT>GTißT^XsT
\ ~i±*J~* of Castro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
1 suitable for light housekeeping: no children; bath
and January; ladies only; rent Sti a month.
law >c*» Avenue.
009 VAN NESS (BELLVCE, CHANGED
— « >_ hands)— Newly furnished sunny snites of
2 or 8 rooms; separate kitchens; gas ranges; com-
plete.
"Washington street.
Cf)9 WASHINGTON —8U N N T UNFUR-
O\J~d Dished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Miscellaneous.
' C 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
; 'J— l 1 until 9:Si- o'clock; branch office 01 Tub
: all: tuthcrljtions and want uqs taken.
« WEEK'S news for 5 CENTS — tub
I £*- WEEKLY CAIX. In wruDDer. for mailias.
I .
ROOMS TO LET.
Bryant Avenue.
27-I Q BRYANT AYE., NEAR TWENTY-
I I O fifth— Lovely furnished rooms; sunny;
I near school; $12.
California Street.
7fkO CALIFORNIA — SUNNY, FURNISHED
; lUO rooms; bay view; central location; gas and
bath. ,
. '■'. Diamond Street. •■ -
A(\ DIAMOND ST., NEAR EIGHTEENTH—
try/ Large, well-furnished front rcora, pretty cot-
I tage, suitable for ladies. "
!
. . • . -. i-dtly Street.
i m EDDY-NEAT. SUNNY BOOM; BUN-
| 110 niiiK water; for gentleman; $6 50.
i "I "I Q EDDY— ELEGANT FRONT SUITE;
; 11C other sunny, clean rooms, $5 up; no tran-
sient.
11 QH EDD Y. OPP. JKFFER-ON :-QUAKE-
XXOv Sunny furnished room suitable for 2; ref.
Eighth Street.
Qlfi EIGHTH. NRAR FOLSOM-3 . LARGE
OX\J rooms; rent $10.
C HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 STH
0 si, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
•i-:i> Street, j
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INC ANDES-
cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
! ladies' parlor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50: '<
I week. *2 to $8: month, 18 to $30; elevator on
[ office floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
OVAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NKWLY
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, e.c.
7411 ELI-IS— SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET,
I SL use of bath, In private family; rent $5.
liitii street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth Bt., cor. Mission: rooms
bOc, 75c and $1 per night. $2 to 85 per week,
i olsoin Street.
r*£.rj FOLSOM— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
U») I gentlemen:' nice and light.
n/jnl FOLSOM — LARGE, BUNNY FUR-
I UUB nisbed room, $5; also, $4 room; every
convenience.
j
fourth Street.
Ql £» FOURTH — 2 bUNNY CONNECTING
•JIU front rooms with me of piano, $10 and $6;
both $15; other sunny rooms, cheap.
. luiion Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite: $8 A $16 up.
Geary Street. ■
91 7 GEARY, UNION SQUARE — SUNNY
-II rooms for doctor; also single, room, $4.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 A(\A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FDR-
-1 lUi nlshe 1 room for two; rent $5.
Howard Street.
! 11 in HOWARD— a SUNNY, CONNECTING
1 i"4i- bay-window rooms; water; range; rent
$12 50, . * .
Oonc« street.
rin JON SUNNY ROOM FOR 1 OR 2
010 people; newly furnished; (2 50 week.
. Jxesrny Street.
4 KUNGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, eD suite aDd single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
Mai Street.
V"OBKMITE HOURK. 1045 MARKET-PER
X night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 CO to $8: families.
Mason Street.
iin MASON, OFF NATIVE SONS' HALL— I
*ilO more sunny room, furnished; $6 month.
*>— tin "tree;.
000 MINNA — NICE FURNISHED
«IZZ rooms; suitable 2 gentlemen; aisj single
rooms.
Ql'(- MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED' SIN-
ODU jsle front room: cheap; near Fifth.
AQI MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
itJ J uished sunny front rooms, $6 to 99 month;
hot baths.
r>(*rj MINNA, CO X. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
-00 I oisb?d bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
• • Alisßion Street. •
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: BELECT
family room in it- house; $1 60 to $8 per week.
1 A/-Q MISSION — FURNISHED FRONT
Xv/OO suites; others; no objection to children.
Ninth Street.
1 QH 1 NTH ST.— LA AGE, NEATLY FUR-
J OU2 nisbed front room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and grate: $tito $8.
i owe 1 Street.
91 • POWELL— ELEGANTLY V FURNISHED
sunny apartments: new house: central.
91 *j-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)— NEWLY
AxZ. furnished, sunny rooms; telephone."
- ,'i^.u - ree .
QA SIXTH. NEAR MARKET-NICELY FUR-
') nished sunny front suite.
9QI SIXTH. ■ KUOM ■-1 — -UN -NY : rRONT
£&•£ room pnd . a!?o sunny housekeeping rooms.
00 SIXTH— THE MILLnDALE-QUIKT, BUN-
OO ny e.ngl* rooms: transients soilci ed ,
1 «ie SIXTH-CHEAI'hST IN THE CITY;
I/O double and single froatrooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued. .
Stevenson Street.
70 STEVENSON. Nti. NINTH AND MAR-
I OO ket— 2 large, sunny, nicely furnished par-
lor*; en suite or single; cheap, ■ ;
. Mocktoii Place.
THE EUROPEAN. 17 STOCKTON— FUK-
nIshed rooms, single, $1 50 to $3 per week;
suites, $4 10 t9 per weeK ; by the night, 50c to $2;
hot and cold water, bath and elevator.
.:..__.:_. cutter Street. .
QAO R— E LEG A NTLY FURNISHED
O\J»i sunny rooms :or single gentlemen or man
and wife; reterences.
i Turk Street. .
|If?TURK — LARGE SUNNY SUITEB
-1 1U handsomely furnished; single; board optnl
Taylor Street.
1 /1Q TAYLOR-LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, »7 i
l"i/ and *9. ,
Third Street.
IMPERIAL, 17 THIKD — NICELY FCR-
-1 X nished rooms; " tourists a specialty: transient.
Tiventy-lirst Street. ; ,'.\
OOQ9 TWKNTY-FIR-T. cor. GUERRERO—
«JOt7*_ sunny bay-window suites and single,
with board; reasonable.
Miacellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN 111 ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch cilice of Tek Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
—^— — —. — _^^ „^ , M^
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q9E FAIR OAKS— ;NICELY URMSriKD
0~0 sunny bay-window room, suitab.e for '£
persons, with board; reasonable.
C9| POST— SUNNY ROOM FOR 2: FINE
'''— I board, $iO; also single rooms: good home.
HOTEL FAIRMO'UNT, 1714 MARKET-NOW
open under new management-, has been ar-
ilslli ally tinted, paperel and elegantly furnished
throughout; hot and cold water in every room :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice oi carpets and iu>ni:ure; the
table, under the supervision of Kowaskie. the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
71 9 POST — 1 JbARGE SUNNY FRONT
ll— room, with board; also single room.
QO 4 HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
VO'X ny rooms, with or without board, from 84 up,
Cf)Q VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
Ov'O Llshed tunny rooms or suite, with board.
iA 01 van nl;ss, COR. BUSH-PARLOR
-I*IV7 L suites; single and double rooms; board.
HOTEL Br.RTLI.NG. 714 B. ISH-A FAMILY
hotel: reference*; all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
PLEASANT HOME FOP. CHILD; MOTHER'S
care: terms reasonable. Call 6 Stanley place,
off Harrison st. ..■..•
A.NTED-l OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
»» good cere. Apply '27 J Crescent aye., above
Tliirtv-tourlh st.
WANTKii-A BABY TO BOARD; CAN FUR-
" nlsh references. 266 Thirteenth sU
PLEASANT HOMK FOR CHILD AT 1727 Mo
1- Alllsterst.; terms reasonable.
. STORES TO LET.
STORE TO LET— SW. COR. PACIFIC AND
Leaveiiworth sts.; suitable for drugstore or
Keneral merchandise. Apply ISJS Leavenworth.
QIQ STORE; 5 LIGHT ROOMS: E*TAB-
•3) JO. Ilshedsaloon 12 yrs. 911 Folsom.nr.Fifth.
IGAR-STORE WITH FIXTURES TO LET;
1739 Mission. Inquire uext door.
STOKE— i SHOW WINDOWS AND 2 ROOMS;
rent cheap. 1802 Howard st.. cor. Fourteenth.
A I LOR' HOP. WITH 4 ROOMS: PRINCIPAL
1 street.San Rafael. J.CARTI.box 898, San K«faeL
FOR KENT— BARBER-SHOP; FINE LOCA-
ton: ciieap rent. Apply to CAPP & DUNN,
1200 Marxe: Bt.
LARGE STORE, 3 SHOW WINDOWS AND
Xj 4 largo rooms; rent only $22 50. . 422 Sixth.
Lf FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
HO In rear: low rent. Apply to U. H. UMBSKN
A CO., 14 Montgomery at.
OFFICES TO LET.
OOC POWELL, CORNER uEARY— NEWLY
— '— *) renovated gunny parlor suite; furnished or
partly.
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever causa) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief foe
travelers; tome in confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 80 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every case guaranteed :cou*
eultatlon tree, confiden hi. : hours 10 to 5; pills
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post st., near Larkin.
DH. J. H. JO>sELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still often his valuable services to the un-.
fortunate. With a mind ma ured and enriched by
■studies or an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, be Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond his sura con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
cafe in their iffctv Hl* tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others In the cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enab him to warrant
a cure in ail cases. Consultation parlors, i«Jd
Market st. Call or write direct to SOU Market au
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
>?<; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, do motter what cause; no electricity bum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money la every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
Jilts. DA VIES, 14 McAllister si., uext Hibcrnia
Bank; hours, 9a.m. to 5 and 7to P. it.
A Nu.\V PROCESS-NO MEDICINE OR IK-
-TV strumeutmed: every woman her own physi-
cian tor all female troubles, no matter from what
cause: restores always in one day; can be sent
and used a; home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office; advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearay st.
PROCESS THAT never FAILS to RK-
store every case or monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every casa guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
bom* for confinement. Mils. DX. DALEY, 1128
Market Ft., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULKV9 FRENCH CAPSULES— A.
guaranteed absolute cure for ail female dis-
ease* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure, no danger or after effects: taken in time is
•'so acts as a preventive: price $1 to per box:
sent free by mail on receipt ul yr'oa. W ALLKU
BROS.. -M Grant aye. .
Dii. AND MRS. WKGENER, 526 EDDY (ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and curing confinement: femalo complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician; quick relief
for travelers: Lest cure; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; Dills $2.
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'SJ KN'OLISH PENNY-
-Li royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable: take no other, bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies." in letter by return mall:
at druggie's. Chlchester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia j
"TVKS. OOODWIN, SPECIALISTS, LADIES
XJ near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, r.ny
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill.
!ree diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU-S FRENCH PILLS— AEOON TOLA-
XV dies with louial>? troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure: $2 CO express C. O. D. don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oaklaud:CiL
A bURK CURE FOR ALL FEMALifi DlB-
--V ~ eases from v.- bat ever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfactlou guar-
anteed by MRS. GWVER, 226 Tur* sat.
* LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlB-
±\- eases of the eye permanently cured at SIRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary &t ; consultation free.
DV PHAK'S FKMALK RKUULATINti i'ILLS:
safe and efficient emmenasogue; -$1 per box. !
RICHARDS A- CO.,drugsist>i. 406 Clay su.sole
DON'T FAIL'IO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN At
his museum, 1051 Marine: st.: his SO year*
f cccessfut practice is a Rnaraoteeof fair treatment;
ice worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
NMJKPAI'SED REMEDIES FOR KKJIALE
J troubles, diseases. MP.S.DK. PUETZ,2S4V^4th.
HOME. A fRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. Jb'UNKE. 1416 Mghth St., Alamedx
i R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. .Nr.AH
J ' Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
ATTORXKIS-AT-LAW. "
ADVICE FREE: DIVOHCE LAWS A RPKC-
lalty; private; no fee without success: probate.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, .-private detect! vei; esub. 10 year*.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st.
ADVICE FKKK; NO CHAHGE I .M.K>S SUC-
J\. cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Maruet st.
W. KING. ATTORNEY-aT-L^W, cukos-
• )cle building: advice tiee: low Je •: all Cusei.
• - , : PHYSICIANS. ' . ' . -
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
XJ »eO4 25tu au ; diseases 01 v. ouitu uspeclaat/.
" . PERSONALS. ;.->
MI"-S N.— GONE TO MEMPHIS: WILL BE
back soon.- Yours sincerely, FRANK.
■PXPKKIKNCED DANCER GUARANTEES
XJ to teach the waltz; no failures; pupils taught
at their own homes if oeslred; terms 75c per
lesson. Address E. D.. box 116, Call Office. -*
A DVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAW- A >-PKC-
J\. laity, private; no fee v.'.hou: success, pro-
bate,' insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale* :
damages, etc. private detectives:. es tab. 10 years. !
G.W.HOWE, ai.y-at-iaw, b5O Market, cor.Sioclctn j
MR. G. GALLI ANNOUNCES TO THK PUB-
lic teat he has bought the fruit store of MR. A.
REN.v iI, situatrd at 2125-2127 Polk sU, free
from any debts or credits.
ADIK -EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS fiE-
moved to 7 Grant aye., rooms 1, 2 and 3.
MX. MYRTLE PoTTKR REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st. to S3 Sixth, room 17.
ME. HOLLAND. PALMIST; MAGNETIC
treatments a specialty. Room 1, 2.:» Post st.
DAG CARPETS wove TO ORDr.R AND for
XV sale: also chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres:
dealer in carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. M ATI HEW. 709 Fifth at.. Oakland.
T HE OIL OF LIKE."
1 VITA OIL. as Us name indicates, is a l!fe-glver
and life-saver, cures sprain*, bruises, lameness
and sorenes*: if 1 a bottle, 0 for $5, $10 a gallon;
charges prepaid. Address 15. 3 BUCHANAN ST.
_—_——— ~~
EVERY FORM
of chronic <li -ease, nervons, mental and vital,
including RHEUMATISM, speedily nd perma-
nently cured by DX. SMI 1 it'S ELECTRO-MAG-
NETIC BATIiS. Don't wait too long. Hyzlsnic
board; sunny rooms. 1633 BUCHANAN ST.
I RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT Dr.TECTIVE
XV service. R< oras 19 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
1 f\i\f\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, »l 50:
IUUU show cards, etc. HILL, 2.% Geary st,
MX. LKONA— BKAUTY PARLoCS: GEN-
uine magnetic treatments. Km. 8, 995 Market
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WOKK DONE REA-
X sonable: 10 years' experience: all ma.ters
confldeutiaL G.K.WKBSTER, 1027 Market, rm-B.
lAMMaKI G ENLARGEMENTS AND IM-
provemems all the time: constantly increas-
ing patronage will allow me to do it: the very best
hatr-tlres.ing in ' lie city 2flc, no variation;
swltcbe*. $1 and $2: best hair, grays Included
$2 60 and 43. G. LEDEKEK, 111 Stockton St.,
nearest Geary.
MISS JESSIE AND LIZZIE KEEGAN, LATE
with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayeinc
and bleaching » specialty. 124V2 O'Farreli St.,
phone Brown 353-
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearay. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN KKsTAU-
rants combined: F. DELMONTE <fe CO.. pro-
i prietors of the old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 431
j.ruudwHv. have consolidated with MR. ANUELO
! DELMONTE, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 430-422-434 Broadway, Just opposite.
HHU F.SCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. 623 Golden Gate ay. TeL,Sutter47L
WALLPAPER AT COST: PAINTING, PAPKR-
»" hanging and interior decorations our specialty ;
best workmen O.ily. "MEIUGAN," 1302 Webster.
MAGNISCOPE - NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; us' s the klnetoscope lllms: price re-
; duced. $150 BACIGALL PI, 946 Market su
I ,
\ ffi; I A DOZEN— FINE OAitl.Nclo — \\ i V !
*$>X SON'S nailery. loss Market. -
1G OUTDOOR MKKtOPTICUN *HOW EVE- I
I •■' ry nigh: cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad- !
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust- I
I ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. ILIO Market su
! c 97 jIOXTOUMKttV ST., BRANCH OFFICK
1 OjL 1 sJ 1 ujt Call; want ads and suoscrlptionj
I taken.
Js ARTINGTON'S tCHCOL U> MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to !
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; Illustrations :urui*ueu
for magazines, newspapers, etc. '-•■.:-:
UPTUIiE A-MJ PILES LIKi.D No PAY '
until cured: (tend for book. DAS. Ma.M
FIELD A 1 v'IU'KItKIELD baa Market, si.
ELtCIKHJ LIU HIS IN KVEUY ROOM:
Wlncbos'.er . House. 44 Third su, nr. Marke:;
100 rooms. '2&C to $1 60 i«r night: $1 60 to «6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
pLOAKs. FURS A.mi 6LIIS RETAILED A1 1
\J wboiesale rrict-i i ncturv. 20 sanaome s:.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES FROM $2 50 UP: CAPES. fI UP;
wrappers. 60c up. 431 Minna st. §
! a —
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DB. F. CLAUK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to .-(■•• her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business " transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
i ptoperi7, lost or absent lriends, Interest you: If
I you care to know what you should do 10 be sue-
, cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stoiks, etc.: In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on ibis gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. m. to 8 i". m., stricu N. B.— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MKS. DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket St., parlors 25 and '.6. 'lake elevator.
MME. DX THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i.r by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas*
present, tuture; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
i ing excepted; names given: good advlco: sur*
help; restore* lost love by sympathy: mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. \)'2H Post st.. nr Larkin.
ACME. LE NORMAND, WEIRD WIZARDESS
i'l of the w.i rid: life cnarls; trance character
delineations, $2 50; readings, 25c; by mail $1.
1 1 I'olksu
RENOWNED GERMAN FORTUNE-TRLLER,
IV returned from Europe: life, cradle to grave: pic-
ture husband, wife: feeOOo up. 116 a Grant, av.,r 19.
MMX. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY- |
ant; never tails; call and be convinced. 419
Geary st., room 22, second floor; only 25c
ME. LKGGETTE. LIFE-READER; BUSl-
ness advice; friendship n stored; one price,
"sc. 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
MME. MORE AU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER
1 1»1 and card-reader; ~i6cup. 761 Howard st.
Ml-S I'KARL RAYMOND. FROM THE
East: magnetic treatment. 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
FKEE!FRF.E! FOR FEW DAYS ONLY—
Fortune-telling taught. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
MME. RAVKNA KKADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given; 25c up.s Fourth
ETHE L It AY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
XJiT and palmist. 116'J Mission st. ,bet. 7. hand Hth
Miss MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 51 Fifth St.; water readln-.s specialty.
GYPSY LIFE- KEADKK, 3 Sh.VKNH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 60c: all questions answered.
ME. SYBILLK TKLLS FHOM CRADLE TO
grave: picture* riven: Indies S!sc: t>l4 O'Farrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
SLATE-WRITING AND ALL PHASKS OF
niedlumshjp as practiced by Earle, Mill-r,
Garrison, Har and aid others, taught In 1 hour:
every teat' explained, s. A., box 147, call office.
MR. HANSEN'S CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. ALSO
Saturday, 10c; private sittings $1. 1118
Market st.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
um; lite readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a speciality. »38 Mission
MMX. YOUNG'S J-EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c. 418 McAllister st : convincing test*.
CI IH'LE TO-DAY, 2 P. M.; 26c MRB. MAYO
\J - 1 i-i.l:s, 1121/4 Oak St.; readings $1.
FRANK ' HARLAND-TRUM PET SEANCE,
with slate- writing, to-ni ht: 2jc. 1063 Mission.
RS. HENDEE ROGERS: GRAND TEST \
circle to-night;. sitting* daily. 12"2 Taylor.
MBa STEERS, pXy CHOMETRIST: ORES
examined; readings $1. 112^ Oak »t,
MRS. a J. MEYER, :«6 MCALLISTER ST.-
testa to all : dr. 2toB P. if. ; 10c.; sitings. ■■--
R^.J. J. v HITNEY, s-PIHITCAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 S;ockton su
AM. ,M&X\.:iX, INDEPENDENT SLATE i
. writer. 118 Halcht su: hours 9 until 6p. v.
RS. H. A. ORIFFiN-CiU. SUN. VK. ; 35c; ]
lest rr. icr. Thur. eve.: st** daily. 4virii , Grove
-\/ .' , HYPNOTISM.
TJ YPNOTISM TAUGHT, *10; DISEASES i
and habits cured. C«l. Institute, 1846 Marke-. st I
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
fails: also taught. Hypnotic lnst.. 6 O'Farreli.
■ PHRENOLOGY. ■
n . 1
PRCF.BEHRENS READS CHARACTER BY j
X the head of men and women as an' open book; 1
adaptability in business and marriage. 131 Mont- i
gomery Ht.
. PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
- „ ,~~ ~ ~*~>~>, „ -u-i-^r^.-'^
THK i.OPAU.NER«HIP 11E:E 1 <>FOi;E EX-
Isting between J. P. RODE and CHU. NIEi.-
PEN, with business-places at 431 Jt-siie St. and >
1109 Uar«et at., uud-r the firm name i>f ROD &
N.EL X.v, was dissolved April 3.1897 by ruu-
tuui consent. J. -P. RODE continues business at
sail : 1199 Market st. and C. ' lEL E\ at said 4 >l
Jessie 8.., etch assuming liabilities of said respec-
tive places. ■ • . J. P. BODE,
-..,--  - CHR. NIELSEN.
Dated, Saa Francisco, April 1, 1897.
CITT REAL ESTATE,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, .
KKAI ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building. •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS.
AKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JtJDICIOUS
1 purchases, get a lot Cheaper than- you ever will
again.
£I A A $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS;
O-lAJU. no grading; near issloo-st. and San
Matco electric car lines; only ¥5 monthly.
$7" fIOO. $150 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
t>>. south or the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; ouly $5
and CIO ruombiv Installments. -'■ ..."-'
fl^»icr» TO SHOO: RICHMOND LOTS: WE
•_—*•'*' can positively »vi. you In location, price
and terms.
Call us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams. • . f
• SOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Room A, first Moor, Crocker building. '
QQOX WILL TAKK IT: 56x180, NE. SIDE
(Cu-tJ of Addtson St.. 350 fen t Kof Castro,
lots 10 and 101. block 33, Falrmount Land Asso-
ciation; also * fronts on - Beacon st. CHAS. C.
FISHER, 607 California st. '.' • .
Cj I AA 25x100; W. SIDK OK BRIGHT ST..
O^"v. 160 reel 8. of Randolph, bock 60. City
Land Association. CHAS. C. FIaHEP., 507 Cali-
fornia si. - '
— ; : ■
OACRIFICE!
c&qnnn elegant 1 residence, NW.
«U>«"-'V/\.». corner on Bush at.; 13 rooms, beau-
tifully decorated and furnished with the latest im-
proved appliances; mortgage 950 00.
ffl»df?nn MUST BE SOLD IMMEDIATELY:
<Tn\J\)\J. lot and old building: Oik st. close
toGough; rent $25. C. P. TKoV JR., 630 Mar-
ket st.
I OT 80x106, ON THE EAST LINE OF ASH-
Jj bur.- si., »<>-.uli 160 feet from Frederic*; for
sale. H. FOKSI KN, 423 Bush st.
ffljO'yXrj FORSALKOX EASY TERMS; 5
tIP-J — «Jl/. rooms and bath; new cottage on.
Bosworth st. Inquire 410 Kearny st-. room jO.
OACRIFICE; SW. COR. TWE.NTIE H ST
CTreata\e.;2sxllO. Herb Institute, 1205 Market
1 OT ON 431) AYE. AND T tsT. FoR SALE
' -> very reasonable; no agents; also lots In Ocean
View. 6Vis l>olden Gale aye.
©'; O A f\ WILL BUILD AN ELEGANT B-
tiP*-. — \J\J room, 2-story dwelling, porcelain bath,
wood mantels, etc.; 53200 for 11-room, 2-flat
building; $1600 for 6-room cottage: call and s c
plans, specifications, etc.: same submitted tor any
kind ot building. \V. W. rednall, Builder,
1326 Hayes st.
RANDSBUKG, KEKN COUNTY: MINKS, !
buildinc sites and business investments: reli-
able formation. C. H. MOoRE, 935 Market St.,
room 4: branch office at Kandsburg,
ONLY 1 LEKT— NEW HOUSES, JUST COM-
pleted; sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms: large lot, 125 feet deep: street to be bitu-
mlnized. Apply on premises. t
BERKELEY KKAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD: MODERN HOUSE OF 8
rooms and bath:' corner lot 60x125; nice
grounds: giand view; near U. C. and station;
owner has to go south: price $«7SO, cost $5500.
O. Q. MAY & CO , 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
0 COTTAGES TO RENT OR FOR SALE ON
— Miatiuck aye.. North Berkeley. Inquire at
Thompson's Hotel.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
1 f\C\ HOUSKB AND LOTS, $100 TO 918.000
Ivy 150 ranches, all sizes. S-'OO to 6,000
200 business places, from $25 to 5,000
what HAVE YOU to OFFER?
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ELEGANT NEW 10-ROOM FLATS: 2 FAMl-
lies: lot 25x112:6: barn, fences, walks: all
complete; hot and cold water: caaii Kl9OO. «mall
payment down, balance mortgage at 7 percent.
Address *. X.. box 3, all Office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Oil AO.OOO ON LIFF. INSURANCE POLICIES"
«35±U low interest. JOS. B. I OPLITZ. 33J Pine,
A LOANS ON FUKNITUKE OR PIANOS,.
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Misslou sl, above SLxto.
telephone Jessie 41. '
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
an jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
S.ore, 948 Mi rket st.: telephone Green 204.
ffl»qnn (\(\l\ AT 6 V2 FER CENT ON CITY
«P OUU. \J\J\J real estate; also Oakland: estatet,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MOKTOAOK4,
estates, undivided ln-erests, real estate in pro-
bate; Surnltnr* and pianos witboas removal.
McCOLGAN, -1 Montgomery St.. room 3.
7 IBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
Xj e.ry, etc.: low interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bid?, 80S Market: tel. brown 19L
■ . —
C«l)»>" linn Ai< BANK KATE->. lsT ANU
i<pOAO.\J\J\J 2d mortcaees. estates, rents, eta:
lend as low as 950. H. MURPHY, 623 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
N FURNITURE: VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCKIBNKR. 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KEAL ESTATE:
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Ploe si., r. 3.
C/\ TO 950.000: LOWEST KATE: IST & 2D
%S)O\J morts.; any proposition. Dry den, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. Es-
tates in probate, etc. Km. 7, 608 California, st.
o\| FURNITURE AND PIANOS: NO RK-
moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
N PIANOS AND FURNITURE.
removal - very low interest. 116 McAllister sl
FINANCIAL. -
ffljennn WANTED, ONE year-, SECUR-
tJprUUUity, 2000 acres first-class grain land:
interest 9 per cent. A. W., box 108, Call Office.
VVANTED— fSI;O AT 8% PER ANNUM FOR
"" one year. Address ii., box 76. Call.
TUTTLE A LOFTIS, LAND AGKNTB. NE-
L gotlat« lonia ii'-O Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
DENTISTS.
I /-IROOME DENTAL ASSOt lATION, 759 MAR-
; \J ket, DM. 3d and 4th: gats specialists; paimesi
extrac.lng, with gas, $1; plates, $7 up; it i. $1 up.
Ij^ULL. SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5 ,
■F years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, - lightest, coolest plate mad*;
warranted 10 yrars: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 <0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
©7' FULL SET TEETH: BEaT WAKE;
<J5 • • kept iv rep*lr; extracting free: fill!ngs,sOc;
crowns, 93 6a Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
"POSITIVELY PAIN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 600Sntter cor. Powell; tel. main s37s
Dlt, J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
OLTO.V DENIAL Af^OCI-A i'JON. bOb -lAI4-
-n't at. DR. CHARLK-i W. DECKER.
fl* rt A SET FOR .TfciiTH— A HRANTED AS
5) I good as can be made; filling 91 UKsIMMa,
dentist. 830 Marke; St., next Baldwin Theater. :
PAINLESS >.XTKAOriON. M)c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 96 np: lSyeari
experience. K. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
1 R. LUDLUM HIL.U 1443 MARKET ST, Nit
SJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting wnsa
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
teeth lrom $8 per set: extracting 6Uc: gat given.
LJ.h.l' v* 'lhUtH \vlT.iuUi *». »:***.**. liik
O 11. U. Yoong. 1841 Polk su
K. UtOKliK W. 1.1-.XX. .THK UKNUINS
Leek dentist, discoverer o! painless extraction
and patentee of Improved ' bridge work or teetia.
without any plate, moved from ttto 20O' tarrelli*
LL WORK' KKASONABLK AND WA*
rant.-d Da. J. W. tih Y. 1320 Market st
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, APUIL 5, 1897.— SEALED
proposals, in triplicaie, will be received here
'.mi 12 o'c ock M. May 6, 18*7, and . then opened,
for the construction of a torage stoic ious* at Pre-
sidl .ot San Francisco. Cat. Government reserves
: right to reject or accept any or all bids In wno c or
[ in part. Preierence given to articles of domestic
| production, conditions' of price an i quality (n-
-! eluding in the pries of foreign productions the
duty tut-reon) beinx equ.il, an i such, preference
given to articles of American production produced
on ill.; Pacific Coast to the extent of consumption
r*qu red i y tbe public service there Information
furnished n> pp icatlo.i to the undersifned. Kn-
veli pen containing proposa's 6houlo be Indorsed
■■Pioposals for forage storehouse a Presidio of san
Francisco, ■ at ." and addressed to J < S. M. MOORE,
Assistant Quartet master-General, Chief Q. M. ■'
PACIFIC COAST JOCK It V CLCB— SEALED
proposals . for customary | privileges lat Ingle,
side racetrack, for the season of l*-97-98 will be
received lat the olMce Of tbe secretary. Parlors A
and B, Pa ace Hotel. Bids will -be .pencil at 6
o'clock P. m.. Saturday. April 10, 2897.
F. H. G RE KN, Secretary.
• - . BICYCLES. ~ "
BARGAINS IN SECOND-hXnD^WH^EELS;
Sj high grades in perfect running order from 9>5
upward. Golden Rule Bazaar Cycle Department,
'Zu Geary su
' t( "NIRi REAL ESTATE.
"OACRIsS: VERY CHOICE V A L-
«JSOOUU. ley 1 -nd: IV* miles f rO m county,
seat and 46 miles from San Francisco: flue house-
-8 lari:* hard-finished rooms: 6 acres a sorted
orchard; 1 i acres seeded to-, rain: on main county
road; good ba n and outbulidin.s. and borders on
crvek; school near by: mum exchange.
; 1 OC\ ACRES: ALL LKVKL; VERY CHOICE
lyjyj wheat land; 2i,4 miles trom Dlxon. S»lano
County; bouse, 8 rooms: barn iiud outbuilding;
"JO acrrs vineyard; on, main oumy road; price
*80l)0: «i 6OO cash, balance 8 percent per aura:
longtime. ' ..•■•. i^-.i .r.*j;*
<Sj> Z[)(\ 160 ACRES: GOOD LAND: TCLARK
«JTJ :J\.> \f. County: fine for fruit or-grain; railroad
runs through one corner; great bargain and toe 1
making of a fine borne: land a.l level.
SHAI.WVALD. ISUCKBKE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
$ l^fUl 10 ACRES! 4-YEAR OLD OR-
-1 »ivw. cha d; San:» Clara County; one-
half rash, balance loos time. • ■< •
$20,000—67 acres adjacent to San Jose; will ex-
chanao for stock la^ch In Lake or -■•eudoclno
counties; co mortgage.
For rent— one to three years. 27 acres,
mostly in bearint orchard, near Los Gaios; home;
barn and outbuildings, all farming implements,
drying trays, etc.; brautiul location.
GRiFFITH, 1 L ' UK 4 CO.,
19 Montgomery st.
1 (\C\CI ACRES UNDER CANAL.
XUUU INCLUDI.S.. TOWNSITE.
• NLV $40 PER ACRE.
On Valley Railroad, ne«r>tockton: rich, level soil,
suitable joralfalta, sugar-beets, rruit. grain, etc.;
good improvt-tut-nts, s«- tiled neighborhood, etc.
For further i-artlcu art aJdre-s
McA-tEi;. BROS., Rent X state Agents,
' 1(j8 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE-43000; HALF OA-.11, BALANCE
on time: a big bargain: 480 acres grazing and
farming land in Alameda County: an tenoed and
well Improved: living water and .springs and abun-
dance of wood. Apmy to S. SALZ, Ceutervlile,
Alameda County, Cal.
AS EXECUTOR OF THE EISTATE OF MAR-
k»ret P. McCourtney, deceased, I will sell to
th • highest bidder torcash the following described
169.01 acres 1 v Monterey County, L c. : Lots 1
and 2, sec 30, Tp. 24 S. or li. 14. aud X.'V, of NE.
Vi of sec. 25, Tp. 24 S. of R. 13 E.. M. D. M. Ap-
ply RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, executor,
room 57. 906 Broadway, Oakland. '
EARLY FRUIT AND VEO. TABLE LAND-
-i WOO acres of the "Wolfskin grant." In lots
from 20 acres uu, se.ling for $.0 pt-r acre on ess,-
terms: locau-d 3ml es went of Winters, ml. For
particulars address W. H. UR.fc.GORY, Winters,
Cal. • .
L OR SALE-3 POULTRY RANCHES. CON-
-1 slating of ireese, ducks, chickens mid pigeons:
also -i. lots. 25x1i0 each, at $20 a lot. THOMAS
F. CON KLIN, Red Flag, Six-mile station, mv
Bruno Road.
OMKSTEAD ABANDONMENT— NICE LO- j
XX cation Santa Clara Valley foothills for fruit and
vines: only $15U. Call 531 California st., room 1.
EEDkD L N.. $3. 9b. S3, $15 TO $40 AN
acre; circuiats free; state your case fully.
M. M. OR FIN, Cottonwood, t.aL
TO SYNDICATE OR CAPITALISTS — FOR
sale, cheap: 9 '7 acres, all rich bot.om land, on
the Merced River; also 8670 lures on Bear and
.Burns creeki, of which about 2000 acres are good
fanning land; both tracts are fenced and cross
fenced. > or particulars inquire of L. A. UUADE,
538 Washington St., S. F.
BARGAIN: AL.-\M>.J>A COUNTY, 30 MILKS
from city; choice land: fruit, vegetables, grain
bay; flowing springs: 935 per acre. H. J. DIG-
GLES, 69 Columbian building, -an Francisco,
KND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
0 California landi for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, ban Francisco, CaL |
111 ILK HuMKS CLOSE 1O TOWN; IM- '
J-J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 aud 1 < years' credit. D. H. TWJNO, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st.. S. F.
fl>C AN ACKE: 128U ACRES TIMBER; OOOU
«IPO for stock or fruit; plenty water. S.. box 40.
Ti;TIXE LUFTIS, LA D AGENTS; VERY i
X large list of choice country property, every
class, location,' tor sale, excr.anije;* houses rented-
rents collected. 620 Market st-. opp. Palace Hotel!
FOR SALE OR LEASE ALFALFA LANDS UN-
i derranal. San Joaquin Co., on railroad: nr.Stock-
ton: $25 acre McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND K£AL ESTATE.
FOR RENT — COMPLETELY FUR-
nisbed house, 8 rooms: high, healthy location:
grand view of bay and uolden Gate; large lot. In- 1
quire D. R. R.\E, Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland.
T7UNE HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS, WORTH $9000.
X I will sell for 86000: wilt-edged. K. E. BUNCJi.
1008 Bnadway, Oak and. _>.-.- -, - !
CjlTFxfl OWNER GOING AWAY AND j
tjpxiov/. must sell his home: price f1750
cash: cottage of 6 rooms In good location: princi-
pals only. Owner, box V, Call Office, Oakland.
SN AP- » : 50 DOWN, BALANCE $25 PKK
month; house of 8 rooms and bath, lot Hsxl'2B, 1
on Masraolla su, near Fourteenth; must be sold.' I
L, 1 all Office, Oakland.
REDUCED RKNT-5-ROOM COTTAGE: HIGHvi
X\i basement, large yard. chicken-house and
state, $8; 5-rooni cottage, barn, chicken-house .
and large yard, $7; 4-room collage, city wild
free. Apply 2568 telegraph live., Oakland.
GET A CHOICK. HEALTHFUL HOME
while prices are low: lots *100 to $150 at
Fitchburi;, beyond , Frultva'e; the best property
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars;, 10 minutes to Oakland and 48 10 i
San Francisco; splendid climate, out ai damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening: very best water '
facilities; good school; terms 10 suit. Before buy- j
ing in this locality sea the owner of this property, |
C. M. hUNKLE. 916% Washington St., upiTalra.
room 28, Oakland. cal. »••**.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENT
; JIT,A3IKI>\ KEAL rKTATT!.
T?OR SALE— BARGAIN; COR. LOT, 134X176;
C 4 cottages 6 rooms each. Pan tic ava and srhil-
ler at. t otter wanted: sireet work done. Inquire B.
ARIaS, 1823 Pacific aye.. Alanieda.
COTTaGK 6 ROOMS; L\ROE LOT; S1500;
\J e*-\y installments. 908 Eagle aye.
JElOOfirt 6-ROOM COTTAGE; BEAUTI-
— — UU. fully situated: near Bay-st. sta.ion.
82450— A new cottage: colonial style; near nar-
row-Kauge sta ion.
$2900— Handsome colonial cottage, with room*
above; situated near station.
$3500— A snap: colonial oottaga of 7 rooms;
large corner lot. your terms are ours.
MAHCt'hK <fc IIEMMELL.
Bay-st. station (broad-gauge), Alameda; 628
Ma K-t St., San Francisco, Open buudays ana
holidays.
e»7KA BARGAIN— A CHEAP LOT 40x160:
«35 I O\J. street work done. ; .
$700— Corner lot 40x138: street work complete.
$6500— .New modern y-roota house; choice loca-
tion: easy terms.
E. D. JUDO & CO., 1424 PaTk st, Alameda.
1 . ARUAJN; ALAMKDA COUNTY: SO MILES
I 1 from city; choice land; fruit, hay, grain, veg
eUbles, with living springs; $25 to $35 per acre. ■
H. J. DIGULES, 69 Columbian building, San I
Francisco. " ; • •
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TfINELY FURNISH KD 11-ROOM HOUSE AND
X 1 grounds to rent: 1b k. from Morton-st. station, I
narruwg uee. .>!. E. 1511 Central aye.. Alameda. I
ALANEDA BOOMS AND BOARD
W.iNIKD.
"Y^OUNG^JE.NTLEMAN
X In city wants nice sunny room and 3 meals a
day; private family: references Write, giving
t>-rras. J. X., box 86, Call Office. " -; : <- ■■■
Additional Classified Advertise* !
ments on Page 11.
j.Ai.i.l.lt. . LltJi.X3iij.
Th« following marna^u Ilconsss hare beea
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
Daniel M. Collins and Margaret T. King, 36— 29.
John Uanspraud Pinllipinj Trousch, Xl— 'ii.
Krnes'.o Villa and Maria P.nzon, 22—18.
A. D. Eastwood and Untie K. O'Neill, -%3-29.
Arthur A • liver an I Mattie Pearson. IS—
Likiliai— JiAKjUAtii^ — tfj^liLi
rßlr:h, laarrlas* and death notices 'sent by m*ll . j
will not I c inserted... They must be handed In as - i
either of the publication office* an! be .ndorjiJ
with the name and residence of person* authorize J ■
10 have the same puohsbtfl. j ■ ■
HOH.S.
BIRDSAr.L-In this city. . April 6, 1897, to the
wife of George L. Birdsa'l. a son.
KROTOSZYNKR— In this city. April 5. 1897, to
the wife 01 Dr. Mar. in Krotojz/uer, a sou.
MERCHANT— In this cl v. March 17. 1»37, to
th» wire of A. J. M-rchant. a son
\.;,. ■MAKBIUO.
HASTINGS— HAWKH.R— In this cltv. April
1*97. by the Rev. .1. Icuranam Kip, - Puilip
.■ Hastings and Ruby M. Hawker. -
HART— HOG AN— ln ibis cltv. April 7, 1837. by
the Rev. Father Coyle, -John S. Hart and Mar/
A. Hogan. / - v
MEYERS— In this city, April 1. 1897,
by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke, John W. Meyers
and Bertha I'roun oath of San Francisco. .
BUSCHHAUPT-BUTTNJER-In this cltv. April
0. 1897. by the Raw J. _ H. - bchroeder, Karl A.
W. Rusctniau it unJ Anna Buttaer. . - ■
TBAFXON-BRENCKERUOFi' —In Oakland. I
April 6, 1837 Dr. William A. TraltOn and ' Mlsj
Ida May nckerhofF, both of Dixon.
WOOD— MATH KWS-ln this city.' by the Rev.
>dwin H. Jenks, John R. Wood and Ada H.
Ma: l-pws hotti of tin Knu Cisco. ', .
DIED.
Baum»ls:er, Joseph Musser. James W.
Cota, S isanria O'Brien Hantrah
lon on, James ' O'Connor, Michael O.
Dowilng, Mary O'Oonneli, Edward
Gallagher, Thomas Rubon, Harry '
Gallagher. Ellen I btod ard, John D.
Jo:).inn"ssen. August . «toever. Henriette M.C.
Johnson. Alfred Bmitn. James ,
Klu.h B', Jo lannes W. Scbr-- Ifer, Curl C.
Lo z. Charles , Tracey. Catherine
McKeown. Alice G. Uluger. Ulrg
Miserez. Mary J. " Young, Ms. Ann
BAUMEIBTER-In this city. April 7, 1897. Jo-
seph, beloved husband or Josenrune Baumelster,
and father of Willie, Freddie aid Olg?. Baa-
meljter a native of Wu.-tember^, Germany,
a«ed 63 years 11 months anJ 7 .ia,-s
COTA— In south San Francisco. April 6. 1837.
>u<annu, beloved ana youngest daughter of
Michael and . Monn*Uo Cot*, a native of Saa
i; rancisoo. ■ ■; » ,-
CONLONT — in tbs Cltv and County Hospital.
April 7 1897, James Conlon, asrej 52 year*.
DOWLINU— In thU city. April 5. 1897, Mary,
relict of the late John Howling, a nutve or
Queens County. Ireland, aged 75 years. (St.
John (N. a.) papers p. ease copy.J
• J9Sf" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:*o o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of John Hammond. 117 Twelith. street,
thence 10 Sat. Joseuu's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated tor tha
repose of her soul, commencing at, 10 o'clock
a. m. Interment private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
GALLAGHER —An anniversary requiem lush
moss will be celebrated in e-t. Hose's church.
Brannan street. Tills DAY (Thurslay). com-
- meiicin 4 at 9 o'clock a. v.. for the repose of the
. souls of the late Thomas and Ellen tja.la^h'r.
Friends ,and acquaintances are requested to at-
tend. ,
JOHANNESSEN— in this city, April 6, 1597. An
gus.. beloved husband or Annie I) Johannesssn.
and brother-in-law of Johit-i Pcd<*r3en. a im.iv«
or Bergen. Norway, aged 34 yea s 1 month and
25 days. A member of Court Eclipse No. 14.
F. of A.
JS9"Friends and acquaintances are respe;v-
fuli v Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY*.
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lor. 01 I. l.ii in.in Jb Co.. 326 Sutler 8 - .rei<t. near
Stockton. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this cltv. April 6. 1 <97. Alfred, be-
lovel husband or Johanna J oun son, a native of
Sweden, 1 .-p t 57 years 8 mootks an I 19 days.
< ■"Friends and ■ acquaintances and members
of Uoldeu iiaie Lodge NO. -''-I. LO. v. t\.
America Council No. 7, O. C. F.. Veteran
Odd Follow*' Association and Master Marin-
era' 1 enevolent Association, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D VY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KLUTHASs— in this city, April 7, 1897. Jo-
hannes W. Kluthass, a native of Hamburg,
Ueroiauy, a;ed 55 years -■■,
LOTZ— In this city, April 7, 1837, Charles, be-
loved husband of Philemena Lotz, aud father of
i Henry and George Lotz. a native of tieroiauy,
aged 51 years, a member of V--reln Eintracht
and Ernst vo 1 Bandel Lodge No. 3, O. 1) H. S.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains a--
the parlors of Theudor Dierks. 957 Mlssioj
street, tween Fifth and Sixth. ' : :
MoKEOWN— In this cltv. April d, 1897. Alice
(ienevieve. beloved daughter of James J. and
Nellie McKeown. and sister of ' Mrs. Nel ie
Holmes, Mm. Carrie Nonuan and Jam -m Me-
. Keowu, a native of fcuu Jose, Cal., aged 20 years
2 months and 7 days.
£7*Friends and acquaintances are resrw.-
folly invitei to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
douce or her mother, 654 J«ssle street., the no* to
St. Jos"Pi> s .Church, where a so emu requiem
mass will be celebrated, commencing at 9 o'ciocic
a. v. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MISEREZ-In this city, April 6. 1887, Mary J.
Miserez, betovW mother or Mrs. i-.rrna Garvey,
Mrs. l.iooy Culver, Mrs. Hattle Glngles and J.
L. Miserez, a native or Michigan, aged 61 years
a m»nths and 26 days. . ■- ,;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ritr> DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of tue Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, interment Cyprus*
Lawn 1 emetery.
MUSSER- in Oakland. April 6, ' 537, James Wil-
| son Muoer. late of Mission Bun Jo<e. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 68 years 6 months and 13
days
JiyServices THIS DAY (Thursday), at 11
o'ciock a. M. , from th- residence, 1148 Filbert,
street. Interment private.
O'BRIEN— In this city* April 7. 1897, II ano rah
O'Brien, beloved mother of Mrs. John Clancy,
a native of Ireland, am 1 74 years.
Friends and acquaintances are resp^-:-
fnny Invilea to attend me runer*l TO-MOKnoW
(Friday), at a o'clock p. m., from the residence
or her daughter, Mrs- Jonn Clancy, 1152 Fol-
som street. I mermen. Mourn Calvary Ceme-
tery.
O'CONNOR-In this city, April 7. 1«»97. Michael
C, beloved iiusuaud uf Cv herlne B. O'Connor,
and father of Mrs. B. Y. Hobsoti an 1 James S.
O'Connor, ■'. nnttvu or Ireland. a»ed 67 years. :
Not ice or funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of the Pacltic Undertakers. 777
Mission street, near Fourth.
O'DO.sNELL— In this city, April G, 1837, at St.
Mary's Hoipltal, Edward O'Doanell, a native of
Kit worth. County Cork. Ireland, aged 48 years.
*IF" Friends and acquaintances are resntc;-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), a; 8:4& o'ciock a. m.. from Ihe par-
lors O J. C. O'Connor <& Co.. 767 Mission stree:,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, wnere a re-
auiem high mass wi . be celebrated for tae
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. a, ■ Interment Ujiy Cross Cemetery. '
RUBON— Iu this city. April 6, 1897. Harry Ru-
bon. a 11a:! of Uermau/. aged Si years. < ■
4^S"Fr|wuds and acquaintances are reso9:t-
fnlly invited to attend cue funeral TKIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 O'clock p. m.. from the fu-
neral parlors of H. C. Porter os Co., Vli lii 1/
street- • •
N. B.— Officers and members of Court Golden
State No. a*.', K. of a., are Invited to attend.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STODDARD— In this city, April 6, 1897, John D.,
beloved husband of Saran A. Stoddard, and
father of John, Dale. Carrie, Ju-I son, Orrin, Wil-
liam, Frank and Lillian ModilarJ, a native of
Durham, Eng.HUd, aged v7l years, [lien ton
Harbur (Mich.) papers please copy.J
49TFriends and acquaintance) ara respect-
fully invited to a.tend the tuneral THIS UA.Y
(Thursday), at a o'clock p. m., from his late
- residence, 332 Seventh s.reet, where services
win be held. Interment I. O. O. F. cemetery.
STOEVER— In this city, April 6. 1597. Henrietta
M. C. youngest and be.ove 1 (laughter or Henry
and Matbilae Stoever. and staler 01 Adele ani
Lillian Stoever, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 ye: & mouths and 12 days.
JJ3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full/ invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 0 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parent}, -»71 Sixteenth straet, ho-
tween Howard and Folsom. interment Mount
• olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In h!s city. April 7, 1897. James, be-
loved husband of Hannah Smith, father of E.
J.. William J.,' James 8., Albert, Join K. and
Florence Smith, and Mis. T. Me cord Jr.. a na-
tive of uenoa, ItaUv,age<l 54 year* 11 months
ana 20 days.. [Boston (Mass.) papers please '
copy I
Friends and acquaintances are re»r>>c -
fnliy invited to attend the tuneral TO-MORROW ■
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his lat*
residence. 30(5 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem ntirn mas»
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:oO o'clock a. m. • Interment
Holy Cros* Cemetery.
SCHREIFER-In this city, April 7. 1597. Carl
C, beloved son o.- D. H. and M. C. Schrelfer,
and brother of Dora S. and me lai - J. H.
Scbreiter, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
yean a id 1 month.
TRACE Y — Io this city, A pril 7, 1897. Catherine,
relict of the late Thorns, Tracey, and beloved
mother of William, Charles aud Joseph Tracry,
and the late Mrs. Sarah Byrnes and Thomas
Tr.-xc»y. a native or Ireland, airel 67 years.
■ *y Friends «re respectfully invite to. attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (l-riday), at 8:30
O'clock a. M. , trom the r>-3ideni <- of her s>n, 153
Perry street, thence to St. Rose's Chinch. Bran-
nan street, where a requiem high masi will he
celebrated (or the repose or her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. lmermeni Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.-
ULUGER— In the Cltv and County Hospital,
April 7, 18 H. Ulrlg Uln?#r. aged 42 years. .
YOING-In this citr. April 6. 1897, Mrs. Ann
Yo in- » native of Ireland. . .
Friends ar» resDec:fnlly invited to at ten
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday) from
St. Acnes c'burcn. fa..; • street and Masonic
nvenue, where a solemn requiem muss will ha
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc- .
. ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ■"•,":'
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-.
elation — Tne regular monthly requiem high:
mass for the deceased members of the abova
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated In
' St. Dominic's Church. Bush • and Sterner streets,
THIS DAY (Tnraday), at 9 O'clock a. v.
Friends are invited to ..ttend.
' mcavoy a callmcher, r
FONKRAI DIBKCTORS ft EMBALMKS3,
BO truth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
jAß^iloMlCXOJ^V^^^^^^CHAS^^^njxoMi?"
JAMES McMESOMEY'4 SON,
lM)i'.»;iAKi'.i;s AN« i;.uii.-\i..iit,Ki
iuui Aiissiou Street, Near »«»t>u«.n. --
"'■:"■■,■■■ ■-■■ leleptioue .-ouin :<54." - •'"
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERi ASSOCIATION
TS. PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALS
1 of burial pats and graves, in its cemetery anJ
give deeds.
' Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for a; tas
Superintendent's office at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. San Franclsca
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERT,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city ; non-sectarian : in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. - Office *y, Mukd
•Ueei. iwuiheait torus* <*■ ttUW. "
■ .' - , ;"; •'■;•■*
1314
PROSPERITY
DAWNS ON
WOOL MEN
Prices Sent Upward by the
New Administra
tion.
THE FOREIGN PRODUCT
IS TABOOED
An Unprecedented Awakening
and Large Buying Inaugu
rated.
A HEAVY DUTY ALREADY PRE
VAILS.
The Final Action of Congress on the
Dingley Bill Looked Forward To
With Joy.
It is not the dawn but the midday of
prosperity that now shines on the wool
growers of California as the result or the
incoming of the new Republican admin
istration.
After four years of dismal darkness and
stagnation of business in consequence of
the murderous free-trade policy of the
Democracy, ail i« now light. There is a
boom on right now in the local market
sucb as has not been witnessed in a veri
table age. A complete reaction has sat
in and the woolmen are bubbling over
with joy.
The present rapid advance in prices is
acknowledged by buyers and growers
alike to be rather speculative for the time
being because of the fact that the new
tariff bill has not as yet passed through
the Senate and no deiinite duty rate lima
been decided upon, but nevertheless it is
considered more than safe specu'ation
and those wno are buying are satisfied
that they are taking no undue chances. It
is positively certain that Congress will
impose a heavy duty on foreign wool, but
jusi wnat tne rate will be is, of course, at
present purely a matter of conjecture.
The Dingley bill, as it left the House of
Kepresentatives, fixes the tax ai 11 cents a
pound, but it is the general Delief arrong
the wool men that when the Senate gets
through with the measure the rate will be
found to have been reduced. It may come
clown to 9 cents and possibly 8, but even
this will assure continuous prosperity.
The wool men feel confident that the duty
will go no iower.
In anticipation of the action of Congress
prices in the local market have already
advanced from 2 to 4 cents a pound on t j«?
various qualities of ■wool over tie prices
tliat pievailed last year. For example, in
1896 San Joaquiu "year's wool" brought
but 6>£ cents, ana in isolated cases 7}£
cents, while the present rate for the same
article ranges from &% to 10>£ cents.
Last year Los Angeles wool was quoted
at iy, cents, but now it cannot be bought
for less than 8 cents. Here is another:
Livermore wool averaged between 6% and
8 cents here in 1896, but now tney are
offering as nigh as 13 cents for it while it is
still on the sheeps' backs, and it is Hard to
get at that figure.
The buying of wool which is undipped —
that ip, wool which is still on the sheep — is
something that has not been done in these
parts, except in a few isolated cases, since
1872. But it constitutes the bulk of the
business being now transacted. It is
almost unprecedented, say the dealers, and
they see in it a prophecy of boom times.
Of course, there is a great deal of foreign
wool here at present, and more is coming
here over the sea. This will all have to be
worked off before the home product can
readily take possession of the American
market, and it is estimated that about a
year's time will be required to accomplish
it. But in the meantime, as the foreign
article is taken up and used, the home
wool will gradually till in the gap until
there is none of the competitive product
left.
The foreign supply will be increased by
the arrival of the cargoes that are now en
route in various sailing vessels, as these
will necessarily have to be admitted free
of duty; but any wool ordered after the
Ist of April will have the 11-cent duty im
posed upon it, and will therefore De a los
ing purchase.
"Yes, sir, these are great days for the
wool men," said Ed C. Denigan of the
firm of Thomas Demgan, Son & Co., yes
terday. "The market is on the jump and
there is every indication that prosperity
■will continue. We are all confident that
the tariff bill will go through all right
enough, bat of course do not know just
wnat the duty will be on foreign wool.
We are satisfied, though, that it will bo
sufficient to benefit the home producers.
They are certain to get some protection,
and heaven knows they need it.
"During the last four years we have had
a declining market. Now we have a
beautifully rising one, and naturally we
are all jubilant. In fact it has been so
long since we have seen any prosperity
sew to-sat:
Itching, irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with CUTICUBA Soap,
and occasional dressings of Ccticuka, purest of
. emollients, the greatest skin cures, i
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
with luxuriant, lustrous hair. when all else fails. '
Sold thranehont the world. Poms Dico ikd Cam.
Coar., Hole Pros*.. Boston.
3*-' Hr.w to product 1.-.iiuritrt Hair," mailed free. .
-'CI/lUC Ml CIDC with '-"•''■"l* insUntlr relieTtl
wMNd UN rlnC Cutico«a Ximidim.
that we scarcely snow how to taue hold of
the new state of affairs. It all goes to
■how that the people knew what they
were doing when they plunked in their
votes for a complete change of the coun
try's policy."
CLarle? A. Hulrne of the iirm of Hulme
& Hart corroborated everything said by
Mr. Denigan — for that matter every wool
man in town did.
"Last year the California clip was
8,000,000 pound? short of what it had for
merly averaged," said Mr. Hulme, "and if
that is not evidence enough of the evils of
the free- trade policy I don't know what is.
This means a decrease of over 1.000,000
sheep. You see the growers were being
forced out of business. The present rise
of prices bids fair to put them on their
feet again, and I tell you it is high time,
for they were in desperate straits. Last
year's output was the smallest known in
California since 1834. What do you think
of that?"
And everybody says that times are go
ing to be better still. When ttie woo: men
prosper everybody else will, too, and
when the new tariff bill becomes the law
of the land it is conceded on ah sides that
the bard times whit h have so nearly deso
lated the land will quickly disappear.
WEDDED IN MI-CAREME.
Quiet Nuptials ot Miss Aiie?n
Goad and C. K. Me-
Intosb.
Friends Pelt th? Happy Couple With
Rce — List of Those
Frisent-
The wedding of Miss Aileen Goad,
daughter of W. Frank Goal, and C. K.
Mclntosh was solemnized yesterday after
noon at 5 o'clock at tne home of the
bride's father, corner of Washington and
Gough sireets.
The engagement of this happy young
couple was announced last summer and
excited more than usual interest. In tbe
first place, the bride was a belle, and then
both the young people were great favor
ites in the exclusive circles in which they
moved. Further, it was a love match, and
tbe romantic side of the engagement ap
pealed to all sets and circles.
ihe wedding yesterday afternoon was
simple, quiet and extremely pretty.
About a hundred guests assembled to wit
ness the ceremony, which was performed
by the Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
The decorations of the home were ex-
MRS. C K. McINTOSH, Formerly Miss Aileen Goad.
ceedingly beautilul, white fruit blossom?
being used principally. la the drawing
room, where the *olemn binding words
were spoken, a lattice of white blossoms
was woven over the face of the large mir
ror that lines the entire side of the wall
facing the door. At the base, in handsome
jardinieres, bloomed bright PapajGontier
roses, intermingled wim ferns. Ii was in
front of this mirror that the young couple
stood during the impressive ceremony.
The bride had only one attendant, her
sister, Misb Genevieve Goad, who acted as
maid of honor. Claude Terry Hamilton
was best man. The two little daughters
of Dr. Mackenzie led the bridal proces
sion, stretching the white satin ribbons
which formed the aisle for the bridal
party.
The bride was extremely beautiful in
her handsome wedd ing gown. It was of
rich white satin. The skirt was made
perfectly plain, and the bieh-neck corsage
completely covered^ with point lace. The
veil lell in voluminous folds co the hem of
tLe skirt and was fastened to the coiffure
with a wreath of orange blossoms.
Miss Genevieve Goad wore a dainty
gown of white crepe iisne over while silk.
The cor«aee was trimmed with chiffon.
Mrs. Osgood Hooker, sister of the bride,
was attired in a black grenadine made
over bright green silk.
After the ceremony refreshments were
served from the buffet. All the guests re
mained to see the bride an<i groom go
away and Belted the young couple with
rice.
Mr. and Mrs. Mclntosh left last evening
for a bridai tour. Keeping their destination
secret.
The bride's traveling gown -was a hand
some brown broadcloth, tailor made. She
wore a small bat to maicn.
Among those present at the wedding
were: Mr. and Mr?. C. G. Hooker, Miss
Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. George Lent, Mr.
and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis. Mrs. Monroe Salis
bury, Miss Kate Salisbury, Miss Marearet
Salisbury, Mr. and Mrs. Julius Krut
schnitt, Mrs. Wall of Oakland, the Misses
Wall. Dr. and Mrs. Luke Robinson, Miss
Leta ltobinaon, Mrs. Holt, Miss Emily
Haeer. J. D. Grant. Colonel Crocker, D.
O. Miljs, Samson Tarns, Mrs. John Boggs,
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Bain, E. M. Green
way, Dr. Harry Tevis, Mr. and Mrs.
Gordon Blanding, Miss Blanding, Miss
Ethel Murphy. B. G. Murphy, Miss Rui
sell, Miss Hattie Belle Goad. Miss Bailie
Maynard and General Forsyth.
An opportunity is given to lease on
shares a very profitable raisin vineyard
and orange grove in central part of State.
Residence and everything comple'e. Ap
ply to F. P. McLennan, H52 Fifth street.
San Francisco. Call between 12 and 2 p. m.*
THE STAES WILL HELP.
Sheriff Whelan Has « Big Worry R«
moved From ilia Mind by Them.
The famishing of. stars similar to those
worn by the police to the deputies in
Sheriff Wbctan's office is expected to do
away with an annoyance that has worried
the Sheriff for tome time. _*
Many persons who have no authority to
,wear ; deputy badges have used them to
gain entrance to theaters a-nd other places
of amusement, as well as to invade private
houses, and frequent complaints have
reached Mr. Whelan. The new stars will
be closely guarded, and any person outside
of deputies found wearing them will be
severely dealt with.
'■-'• ~ — *'♦.*''
Not how cheap, but how good lor the money;
printing and binding. Myaell-Roilins, 22 Clay*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 18fT.
OAKLAND
FAVORED
The Valley Road Would
Like to Have a Termi
nal There.
A CONFERENCE WITH
CLAUS SFRECEELS.
Avoidance of Damage Suits oi
Mire Concern Than Getting
Mere Franchises.
REPRESENTATIVE CITIZENS AT
TEND.
Practical Exchange of Views Which
Has Clearly Opened the Way
for Negotiations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
W)8 Broadway, April 7. )
Representative men of OaKland and of
the Valley Railroad have met and each of
the parties now know just, what the other
wants. A very practical conference was
held this afternoon at the City Hall. Tne
Valley road was represented br President
Claus Bpreckels, Vice-President Robert
Watt, Engineer Storey and Directors
Isaac Upnam, Thomas Magee, Captain
Payson and Louis Sioss.
Oakland was represented by Mayor
Tbonias, ex-Mayor Davie, Councilmen
Pnngle and Watkinson ; \V. V. Witcher,
president Merchants' Exchange; Supervi
sor Talcott, ex-Councilman Mott and
James P. Taylor, president of the Board
of Trade.
After a brief introduction among them
selves, the matter was at once taken up.
Ex-Mayor Davie stated that the right of
way for the Valley road in this city was
undoubtedly the chief feature to be de-
i cided. Vice-President Watt stated that a
franchise is not such an important matter
as a guarantee against damage suits trora
property-owners. "In the San Joaquin
I Valley." said Mr. Watt, "we hare already
j paid $10,000 or $12,000 in damage suits anil
i $40,000 against us is now pending."
Mr. Spreckels stated that the mere
cranting of a franchise is very little
trouble. "They told us there would be no
difficulty about a right of way in Stock
j ton," 'aid President Spreckels, "but we
j met with much difficulty. In Fresno we
| were given the right of way nnd found we
| had a grest many suits on our hands. In
j the San Joaquin Valley w* have had great
I trouble, nad land worth $30 an acre sud
denly increased to $1300 when we wanted
a piece of it. These are the matters
which are of great concern to us."
W. V. Witcher asked what the Valley
road would require to induce them to
j come into this city. He said that Oakland
; wanted a road, and by their presence here
; to-day the Valley road officials showed
that they wanted to come if they w»re met
halfway. In reply to this Mr. Spreckels
| said that they could not at this time say
| exactly what wo'ild be required.
After further discussion Vice-President
Watt mado the following statement: "We
have two considerations. In the first
place we have found a southern entrance
to Oakland, and this Is a good one, for it
reaches all the southern towns of impor
tance and is on the war so that we could
establish a branch line to San Jose. The
proposed northern route is not so de
sirable, because the grades are very heavy.
It would take us through Castro Valley,
but we would have to send our trains np
an 80-foot grade and through a (XXKMoot
tunnel at Conal Hollow. The Southern
Pacific hauls on heavy grades in the
Sierras, but we want to obviate this if pos
sible. The Southern Pacific's grades in
the mountains are not over fifty feet to the
mile, but there is a great difference be
tween this and eighty lees.
"The Goat Island terminus which has
been suggested is a good one, and it would
give us a Delter route to San Francisco as
well as an entrance to Oakland
"Now with relation to the California and
Nevada line, I do not know what we
I could do with it. A portion of the right
of way may be available if it can be se
cured, but we would then have to run up
through the hills north of Livermore.
Point Richmond is 7.7 miles from the foot
of Market street, and in front of the piers
we have ample water— as much as seven
fathoms — as well as ample room lor all
purposes required."
Claus Spreckels then declared that the
Valley road would like to come to Oak
land. He said: "We want to come to
Oakland if we can. Why shouldn't we
come in? There are plenty of people here
and good advantages for us if we can see
our way clear to reach the city. This is a
plain business proposition, and of course
we are looking out for the best interests
of the corporation we represent. If it be
within the power of Oakland, and I be
lieve it is, to offer such advantages as will
make it best for the city and best for us to
come here, why, we want to come."
Mr. Watt supplemented Mr. Sprcckelt'
remarks by saying that the Valley road
has not enough money on hand to build
into this city ai this time, but with assist
ance it migut be possible. Various de
tails were then discussed and the confer
enca broke up with the understanding
that Oakland was willing to make a;iy
effort within reason to obtain the road
and that the directors were willing: to
come if sufficient inducements oe offered.
As soon as the visitors nad departed the
Oakland committee held a short meeting,
at which it was agreed that a representa
tive executive committee of fifteen should
be appointed to carry on negotiations
with the Valley road.
Next Friday aiternoon a meeting will be
held, at which the full committee will be
appointed, which will then get to work at
once to find out what is necessary to
bring the road here and how to acquire it.
SOME FAST GREYHOUNDS.
Fire First-Clans Eastern Dogs Arrived
With a Traiuer Yesterday From
St. Louis.
Ownen of greyhounds will have an op
portunity of feasting their eyes upon some
firs. -class Eastern running stock next
Sunday at Ingleside Park.
Yesterday a noted trainer of dogs
named Bradbury arrived lrora St. ijouis
with a string of rive long tails, which will
be added to the already well-stocked ken
nel of Mr. Pay ton, who is one of the lead
ing liehia of tue coursing world on this
side of the big mountain?.
Payton is the owner of such noted run
ners as Flying Buck, Daisy Crest, Royal
Daisy, Master Glenkirk, Charming May
and other canines that have established
records on this coast.
With an addition from the East new
blood will be infused in the home stock
and the kennel of Paytou should be re
markable for its introduction on the
coursing sward of "fliers'' mat; should
carry off many prizes at the regular wees
ly meetings. Air. Bradbury will act as
master-in-charge of the Payion kennel.
CAUSED A BIG SURPRISE
Fred Raab's Carnival Buttons
Were Not Wei
ccme.
They Were Made in Cincinnati ani
the Improvement C obi
Obj -cted.
The principal business transacted by
the Federated Improvement Club* at its
meeting last nigtu was in connection with
the proposed carnival of the Go. den Gate.
After the disposition of some routine
work President George R. Fletcher called
for the report of the committee on the
carnival. Tne report proposed to assess
each subordinate club $10 and $1 for each
delegate for the purpose of building a
float representing tne improvement
if a: ares of the City through the mliueuce
of the clubs.
In harmony with the objects of the
committee's recommendation W. M. Weil
and Fred Raab, who represented the !
executive committee of the carnival and!
who were present, were invited ioswuk.
Weii won the applause irorn the d-j.e
--gaies. After him cumo Fred Raab, less
e.oquent but equally as forcible, and at
the conclusion of his remarks lie pro
duced a handful of carnival souvenirs in
the shape of lapel button?, which ware
aistribuiod round to tin- member*.
Then il was ibat \V. J. Williams raised
trouole. Ue observed that iliese buttons
were manufactured in Cincinnati, Ohio,
ai.d lost rnj time in stating bis discovery.
This was a surprise and had the effect
,-nu.ktr to what a red blau&et would if
thrown into a bull-pen.
Great excitement followed, and a ma
jority of the members spoke in opposition
to the moneyed feature of the recom
mendation, while others favored the with
drawal <>; tlie club's delegates to the car
nival committee.
Delegate A. Barendt, however, threw
oil on the troubled waters by offering a
resolution mat the club tender its moral
support to the carnival and recommend
;ng the financial question to the consider
ation of the individual clubs. TJlia was
unanimously adopted, and the button
question ended.
Delegates M. V. Stevens, O. Balzarini,
R. Kirk, K. A. Daniels and J. H. Lytgens
were seated from the New Park Lane
Club.
Or. Halsfield offered a resolution request
ing tne Park Commissioners to provide a
roadway within the park limits from
Third avenue and H street to Stanyan
street for the accommodation of the
residents of the Sunset district.
The committee on nuisances was in
structed to investigate and if nead be take
legal action for the abatement of the
Tetiama-street Carpet-beating Works.
Messrs. Williams, Lang and McEwen
were appointed a committee on a bridle
road in the park.
WILL BOX FOR CHARITY.
The, Manhattan C:ub Has Ar
ranged Its Programme
of Sport.
O ympic Directors Are Scouring the
Country for Good Fistic
Talent.
The Manhattan Athletic Club has com
pleted arrangements for a grand pugilis
tic faatival, which will be held at Wood
ward's Pavilion on the evening of April
17 and half of the proceeds will be donated
to the relief committee for the benefit of
the unemployed. The coroinnteo that
Las charge of the arrangements, F. Mul
ler, J. Killeen and G. V. Ferris, con
templates making vast improvements in
tne pavilion, with an eye to the comfort
of the spectators. The talent that has
been engaged lor the occasion is as fol
lows:
Four-round contest, 145 pounds, between
John La hoy. M. A. A., and J. Kane, M. A. A.
*our-round contest, 130 pound*, tetweenJ.
Reiily and Joe Sullivan.
Four-round contest, 130 pounds, between
Ben Lewis and Patsy Daly.
Four-round contest. 125 pounds, between
Jack King and Yank Sivage of Australia.
Ten-round contest, 112 pounds, for bantam
championship of me Pacific Coast, between
Fred Vaughan, 112-pound champion M. A. A.,
and "Buck" Evtrson.
Ten-round content, 135 pounds, for light
weight championship of ihe Pacific Cosst, be
tween Fred Mullcr. 13d-pouud champion M.
A. A., and Charley Rocnette.
"Dal" Hawkins is out with a challenge
to nght "Kid" Lavigne for the champion
ship, "provided" tbat Mr. Lavigne will
weigh 1l»8 pounds at the ringside." Sport
ing men udmit that Hawiins is a clever
feJlow and a hard puncuer, but they snake
their head when "Dal" mentions the
champion lightweight as one of his pros
spective opponents. Hawkins must be
looking for a little advertising, as he cer
tainly is aware that Lavigne cannot get
down to 128 pounds without entering the
ring in a weak state. Hawkins should
take on nis old opponent Gans, of Balti
more, again before making overtures to
the champion.
The directors of the Olympic Club are
puzzled to know why the pugilists de
mand such heavy purses from them when
they have fought under the auspices of
Eastern clubs lor almost half the amount
1 NEW" TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. \-:.'.j:.--'i~-~~>~~±~^~S^^
4 ro'ToTrro^irrßTrrffiroTnnnfToTrß^ ••!
i HALE BROTHERS «
1 iS 000000 INCORPORATED 000000 3 1 1
f 9 Dress; Goods, " E nriio Merry Faster Time Capes, [iff 1
4 3 Sills, = I' ' he err y- caster lime. a - Jackets, . | jj ,
5 Trimming The time when fashion rules and purse- 3 >kirts, ' ' •E 0
3 Millin^rv ' 6 strings loosen— the time when your greatest 3 Silk Waists >° 6
3 7..???: C■. hap ess is in your personal adornment. At 3 ?' lk ■ ■ I J^» g I
* 3 SlJirt WaiStS, £ no time the whole year round is this (your) 3 Won I^UltS, GV
3 Wash Goods, § ■ store so attractive as now. Full preparation 3 Kid GIoVCS, S 9
3 Hnsiorv 5 has been made to fit your Easter wants and 3 Veiling . g 9
3 "?. S ! C n> " £ needs and purses. The Big Busy Store, 3 ™™P\ ... g $
j 3 KlDDOns, F donned in Easter attire, bids you welcome. 3 ollK InderSKiriS, £ A
3 Keel wear. g seeing or buying. °j Laces. § A
i»TTßTnnnfYTfo"oTnrjrff* 000000000000000000 vTrirtnnrirsTnrinnrirs® A
EASTER EASTER TRIMMINGS. EASTER 0
> DRESS GOODS A peep *«» stock m.ltsenticlmr entirety WASH GOODS 9
j i^lVl-««^^ VJV-rV^iy*>7. w ui do more to enlightsn you than columns " nOII^VJUUU*7. i
> U%££? bHnSS faShl ° n 600 ° miICS BLACk'^OHAIP. Bl^Ls-The swell J>h. where IS the limit tO King Cotton^ X
» thing for revers, waist trimmings, a NEW COTTOV CHAT,rTK«L a. Jv
BLACK SILK GRKNADINES- ore fe^o^ vTnc^ SS^'i^cheY wide" 75° Mne specUU, pu^LVed^for 9
S Large floral designs, 41 inches 00 Tom 5c to Yard children's dresses and house- A
f wide, a very special value Yard 1 nces from 5c to " ra wrappers, a bid assor:mfnt of CC V
\ , • „, colors, came in from the factory O /<S
J ro - NEW BALL TRIMMING— Large sil!c yesterday. Price Yard Q
L IRON-FRAMR OKE > ADIXBS- b ills dangle from the cord, the latost (Ij» "1 .25 ' " '."' lttru T
1 AH that Hie name Implies, with lor Bolero Jackets, silk ana beads. «Jp J OUR CELEBRATED 10c DIMI- O
r rare b-au.v a ui til on, an all m.-] .00 Price Yard TIEs, a very special tuin" for 1
J pure silk fabric, 21 Inches wide, tj)l chi dren's dresses. patterns TAC O
L lor *- ••• Y » ri ALL FLACK SILK BALL TRIMMING EAC small, dalntr and material line, 1U T
J came in yesterday morning. On sa *J\J nrm. A specialty a: Ha c's Yard Q
L FANCY GAUZE SILKS, black to- a ay at Yard iMPnßTvn"^7«i b.. r, A
J . ■b"Vlnd fl irreen Hayy cJ and APPLIQnETRIMMI^-Somenovel OUlt iMTORTtD WASH FAB- 9
< b.ckli.d cardinal navy and APPLJQUE TRIMM I N^-Some novel JUCB, Organdies, Lappetts. V
> new blue 2'2-iticu «»le Easier designs just arrived, silK aud Lawns and Swisses, patterns A
L strength, beauty and' novelty' at 1 «>5 linen, siilc and gold and ah-silk ef- large and small, elegant designs ArC V
> all in one y ht"lcSmulna:sl— f cts a large assortment, all new all ©9.50 In o rich combinations. Prices 40 A
f lion. AtHaie's.. Yard novel, C / 8 to 2 lucres wide. Prices «JP— from Jss to yard V
S ......... from 48c to Yard — — ■ JL
C FRENCH GRENADES, black <g o.SO BOL /o!e^ J^«fS^ t , n a n , BPemlty ° J gTaTe^f X
/ and floral effects, a beautiful $2— Krn^roTdered Koferos "ir to"si no lo.os of a challie T A flannel in Q
L fabric, 45 lncnes wide. Price... Yard ™c 80 -ros «1 75 mlx S? appearance with its cream IOIC I
J Jetßoeroa !?,°,'J^ ground set off by silky stripes. Hi Q
S BLACK MO.RE VKLOURS. "the Hlkßoiercs |h.OO to $aOO Very special value^Hales for Yard V
r correct thing for skirts," so Mohair Boleros »at.oto»6oo SUMMER CHALLIK*, siIk stripss V
1>:-' -New York dictates, some new ©I .50 PLEATED CHIFFON for fronia neclr ruche* with apra.s of marguerites and /S
( r; '5 a ana U a " C qae aeS ' Sn "■ **' v"^ and caffs, deucate shades of pii^ .id blue- " ro-eboda. daln y combina ion, V
?1 ' sana ard eincueswide 95c yard on cream, lavender, pink avar -| r C A
9iucheswide $I.6oyard vu * ht blue K r O"n<ls. Hale's JO V
> COVERT SITTINGS, an all-wool Ctl-25 GARNITURES AmTvTxEs-A b, g o^^n'""^"^ 7 "; Yard O
lancy twill. 45 incaes wide. 3fi 1 GARMTIRES AND \ ( KLS-A big ««,•.#- — V
1 iiaie's pr.ee Yard assortment of colored and Blacic Jet<DjC.OO Oar Wash Goods assortments comprise A
' "' and Beaded Garnitures and Yokes, «IpO patterns nowhere else procurable. A V
S - from 50c to Each visit will pay you. A
/ DIAGONAL VIGORE AUK SUIT- ffl» 1. OO ! ■''.'' '<> • ;\.'C~ Q
\ INGS, In pretty spring mix- tjp I r> A CT«r«r-» ■_■ /-«. /■» ■ r- »-» « r FASTFP SHIPT WAKTC A
tures, 44-inch. Ha.es ..Yard EASTER HOSIERY. C«ICK oniKl WAlblb. Q
J STRIPED MOZAJiBIQUKS. a CAC I CHILDREN'S COTTON HOSE, tan. v^L°o^u» ld I°* *v WOITy V
> lii?ht gauzy iabrlc, b8 inches OU brown, bronze or fast black, double ore y° uorus - All have separate collars. I
f wide. Haie's price Yard knee, douole sole, double toe. maco ZD mD crvriiTvrivr rniTC V
j) , . , yarn. At Hales 1 Pair MIR J»EVtNTY-FIVE CENTS. A
L SPECIAL,— BIa™k and Navy Blue CHILDREN'S BLACK COTTON HOSB Ten pretty patterns In a)] shades, cool V
J All-wool Imported J-rench QQC the finest selected and comb-d maco OOIC O^ezy wais.s for these summery ilaya. A
.. Ser X e 3l .0 tncues wide. Special $L yarn, all black or with wh te loot, 003 foronTdolur. X
'f •' Yard wide or narrow ribbtd At Male's... Pair *0R ONE DOLLAR. l|f
h SP E CIAI.-Heav7^:gona,Out. I^ST ,^2^°^ OKO T ™&8? KHn^wilf pr^e^^^'o! ii (
1 4/,ncu^w« n d e':^ofrh b etvy; 50° nßi^^l^S^ W ~ ' If 1
uurab..-- special at \ ard " : : Falr FOR ONE-TWENTY-FIVE.
f .SPECIAr-ExtraHeivy/ouMng o£^Z 33^° A "S^W^^^ ot^SS.?? • !
XSRJSfSZXSZ'kJZ 65° | « al^ M ■••■•• S« Ve A r?. d y th a c n P ar C m S v ln Y C! J MHP tO ,"- 50 - "
| wool, special Yard 1 LADIES' STOCKINGS from 121*0 to g 3 50 pair, window dlsplayf elc * ance - S " ">• i ,
j! 937, 939, 941, 943 v 945 MARKET STREET. 11}
they demand from the Olympic. They
cite as i-.n illustration Henry Ryan's re
lusal to meet George Green ;or a purse of
$4000 when records will prove that Ryan
has fought in the East for parses not half
us large as the one that he refused a few
days ago. Howard Taylor, the leader of
the Olympic Club, is now satisfied that
Ryan la afraid of Green, ana that is the
reason why he demands a purse which he
knows the club cannot afford to give for
a contest of this kind. The club is now in
correspondence, with the managers of
"Kid Layigne and McKeever, and if it
can arrange terms that will be satisfactory
to all concerned, the pugilists will do
battle in this City under the auspices ot
tne Olympic Club tome evening in the
first week of May.
The beftine on the fight between Jef
fries and Van Buskirk is getting spirited.
The Lob Angeles champion is a slight
favorite, but it is said that a large cum of
money has been subscribed by the em
ployes of a power-house of a certain street
car line to be placed on Van Buskirk this
evening. The fight should be a hummer
from the call of time, as the heavy-weights
are hard hitters who will go in for a
knockout and a quick, finish. Both men
are said to be in first-class trim.
The Olympic Club directors will meet
this evening to discuss the prosDective
boxing entertainment in May, and on
Friday evening the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation will convene at the Olympic Ciub
and discuss the question of seceding ironi
the Amateur Athletic Union and forming
a Pactfie Coa«t athletic as»ociaiion, which
winch will arrange matters so as to please
the disgruntled athletes of the different
clubs that compose the association.
OAffNOT GET THE MONET.
The Protestant Orphan Asylum De
prived of the Uirron Bequest.
When the late Edward Barron died he
left an estate valued at about two million
dollars. Of this amount $5000 wa*, accord
in}; to his will, to go to the San Francisco
Protestant Orpnim Asylum. George
Barron, ;on of the deceased, made a con
test of the will in the courts in San Jose
on the ground that his parent was of un
sound mind ana that he was unduly in
fluenced by hi* wife. He succeeded in
breaking the will and a new trial of the
matter was ordered aud the case is still
pending.
The officials of the asylum association
insisted on the probate of the will and
set up the claim th*t the ion in beginning
the action did not legally serve them with
a notice witnin one year alter the will
was filed for probate. The lower court de
cided that proper notice had been served,
so the association applied to the Supreme
Court for a writ of certiorari to compel
the iower court to annul its order. The
aptilicntion was denied.
»ew to-dat:
A hypocritic
baking powder is
absolutely pure"
— on paper only.
is after the hypo-
crits.
1» TilimaMi * Bcafefr, Mfw.
Ladies!
Attention!
And you really must pay atten-
. tion if you want to keep track
of the bargains we are offering
in groceries nowadays. Here
are some more snaps — Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday only :
CREAMERY BUTTER - - 25c square
FRESH EGGS ----- I2Kc dozen
BOURBON WHISKY
E. C. Berry, Spring '90; regularly sold
for $1 per bottle ami $4 rer gallon. Sale
Pr cc 75c bottle, $3.00 gallon.
PORT AND SHERRY
Choice California wines. Reerularlv sold
for 50 cents per bottle. Sale price 35c a
bottle— 3 bottles for 81. 00.
SARDINES
ROYANS A LA BORDELAISE. Packed
I in tomato sauce with truffles and pickles.
Always sells for 20c. Sale price 15c can.
ROYANS A LA. VATEL. Packed in
olive oil with truffles and pickles and sold
regularly for 20c— 15c can.
21 Stockton Street, 13253 Fillmore St.,
NEAR MARKET. I Near Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. 1 Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given
; to Mail Orders.
Always -
Improving
Always Busy^
~~-~~ FURNITURE
CARPETS
BEDDINGS
I STOVES
CASH OR TIME PAYMENTS.
Two Acres of Floor Space.
Largest Stock ! Largest Store !
. Lowest Prices ! Easiest Terms !
Showcases, Counters, Bars, Back Bars.
J. 3STOO3ST A.isr;
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
616-518-520-522 Minna Street?
» . Above Sixth. V
Phone, Jessie 4L - Op en Evenlne^
DR.MCNULTY.
T Splffi^iV o^ A ND RKLJABLE OM,
ret^V-rnoH " nly - J**nly Powpi- restore.!. Over
carSut nZSI %?• S< * nd for Book "- Patients
dailvfi.-iotn 1 T f rni reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
tionfreVan?i« V T S - Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
,. uoniree and lycomldeatial. Call oradciress
MI , _T- BOSCOE "eSrWTT, M. »., :
i zg * *«taray Street, San rr»ndi«». Cal.
; fiftl n&IFAA DR - WHITE'S
KU I 1 1 SU tV % New Hair Grower.
D H L U II r fi\ II a Positive Cure for
•*",*■*• II i»%IW Baldness. Hair
ana . Bclap Diseases sdentincally . treated at ' our
21 "v?, 1 ?:? 10111 311 ' Emporium Bids. DUEISBACH
* ARMS, agents. rue or call lor lie* treatise.
BAZAAR
Least Said,
Easiest Read!
'Twould]Take Pages
To Tell It AH!
Look Out for
OUR
Reorganization
Sale
BBEiDiiii Tiesiay.
APRIL lOLrl«
Golden Rule Bazaar,
718 Market Street.
to cttdfafifE Glasses
ACCdRATFLY.fITTEOBY
. t EXPERT OPTtC'ANS.
AT noDER*\TE PRICES.
X J>TICIANS^ND^^» M /
642MARKETST. SUm * #
«"«»O«OMiCLe BUILDING..
|J|£|§DR. HALL'S .BEHTIGOIUTOi.
SDR. BAIL'S REMYICrOIUTOi;
**• V* L^' S MESCAL IN3TtTU^
An «ri» 8 5 Broadway. Oakland. CaL "* • •