VOLUME LXXXI.— NO. 44.
SCENE IN THE SENATE CHAMBER WHEN SENATOR MOREHOUSE WITHDREW THE NAME OF SAMUEL M/ SHORTRIDGE
PERKINS RETURNED TO THE UNITED STATES SENATE.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Senator
George C. Perkins was to-day elected to
succeed himself as the representative of
the State of California in the Senate of
the United States for tba next six years.
(The opposition to Mr. Perkins was short
tut strenuous, the only recognized com
petitor of the successful candidate being
Samuel M. Shortridge, whose ultimate
withdrawal from the race was made in the
aame manly and courageous manner that
bad characterized his entry into the ex
alted political arena and his conduct and
methods while the battle was in full swing.
He entered the struggle on the solicita
tion of his friends in the hope that his
candidacy and success would tend to har
monize party differences, and aid in main
taining the high prestige of the party
whose welfare he always has at heart.
. Senator Perkins entered the contest with
all the prestige and power that Hows from
incumbency in office, and that office one
endowed with great potentialities in the
Ehspe of patronage of influential and re
munerative positions. But, determined
to leave no opening for po-sible deleat,
every convention held for the purpose of
nominating Kepublican torfelaton
throughout the State felt the influence of
the efforts of the friends of the incumbent
Senatorial aspirant. In addition to these
precautions, personal solicitation was not
disdained, by the candidate and by his
friends. The result of this plan of cam
paign was a thoroughly organized and
i compact contingent of legislators who
I went to Sacramento pledged to vote for
Xthe man who appeared to be the choice of
their constituents. Then followed the
caucus, and here the bonds that held these
men 10 Senator Perkins were strengthened
and his voting power was possibly aug
mented.
For some time past the name of Samnei
M. Shortridgo had been mentioned /or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
1 [ this high position, and be was at this <es
j sion of the Legislature finally induced by
! his friends to permit his name to be pre
sented as a candidate to succeed Senator
| Perkins. He did not, however, decide on
j this course until very recently.
It was believed by many of the promi
nent leaders of the Republican party of the
I State that Mr. Shortrid^e's name submit
ted at this time would harmonize and
! unite the party. • His well-known loyalty
j and fi lelity to the principles and the cause
of the Republican party it was calculated
well fitted him as a proper leader, and one
I who would be able to bring together th»
various conflicting elements which had
I shown themselves during the recent elec
j tion. This was one of the strongest reas
ons for pertaining his name to be used.
Many leading Republicans believed,
| also, that the time had come in the his
| tory of the party when the younger men
| should come more prominently to the
front in California. There was also a
feeling throughout tlie State tbataman
of ihe weli-known attainments and abii
: ity of Mr. Snonridjje, with his superb
| oratorical powers and his other well
'< known qualifications for the exalted posi
! tion of United States Senator, should be
■ sent to Washington.
But when the gallant and loyal friends
! who came to the support of Mr. Short
! ridge — and they were numerous and bailed
! from all parts of the State— found that the
■ • fforts put forth by the followers of Sen
ator Perkins had pledged numerous r*p- !
j resentatives, who, if left to their own dis- j
cretion, would have given their support
to Mr. Sbortridzr, tuey realized that a
bitter struggle might be precipitated.
After, therefore, fully considering the
matter it was decided best, in the interests
of the party and of the future of Mr.
Shortridce himself, not to present his
name formally to the Legislature. This J
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 13, 1897.
action having been determined npon, it
naturally left Mr. Perkins in undisputed
possession of the position.
PERKINS RE-ELECTED.
Senator Morehouse Withdraws the
Nama of Samuel M. Shortrldga
From the Contest.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12. — A
United States Senator is one of the high
est officials known, to the Government.
Hence the law has guarded (he method of
his election most jealously. The dignity
of the position, the exulted character, the
superior attainments and the general
moral and mental makeup of the man
thus honored are subjected to the crucial
test of investigation and criticism.' After
form No. 260. * ' "''f"^ ''iv^'*/" 1 "'.-:'.;„ ' *•',"'".. "",'V"' " ; ' '' ;, :! '.;'/.
THE WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH COMPANY
•_■■■ ■-■ : --.;:=- .-- ; fc v ;-- ; /::- ; /-;,i». ■ INCORPORATED '— -• '•-.-, ,■■ '^~.:- -',■.:■ .■ ;;S -"■ '- fi^^P
M 21,000 OFFICES IN AMERICA. CABLE SERVICE TO ALL THE WORLD.
. " THOS. T. EC^ERT. President and General Manager. J V^.'' 1 ' ' '.
Receiver's No. ' 1 Time FHOd- ' ? "Check
SEN D the following message to the tormot AN ANPT^Pfi Tan IP fiQ7
_ .„. on bock hereof, which are hereby agreed to. •/*,"'.*' SAIN * KAJNOI , Jan. I<s, ±Oy/.
- To . Hon. George C. Perkins,; Washington, D. C: ;
I heartily congratulate you upon your re-election : to v the : Senate,
and trust you may have a continuance •of health and strength, to
labor for ; California and all her people. • • ; - :
3
a man has attained to that high office this
test becomes tess severe and he i 3 enabled
to maintain his prestige and his power
through the persons whom he has placed
in offices of trust and emolument. But
the chief quality desired in the person for
a United States Senator, and in fact in the
person of any other officer, is that he shall
represent the best qualities of his State.
Hence the election of a United States Sen-;
ator is regarded as a solemn event and the
procedure has been invested with all dig-
nity and deliberation that the law can
confer upon It.
That is why there was such a great
crowd in the Senate and the Ass mbly
chambers, but the Benate being a more
dignified body the visitors represented
more of tbe well-to-do and fashionable
element of society. Although the law
had fixed the momentous hour for noon,
ladies and their escorts Degan filing into
the chambernt 11:30 o'clock. Colonel Isaac
Trumbo, miner and National politician,
sat beside Senator Maboney; Charles M.
Shortridge sat with Senator Androus and
wore a red camellia in his coat lapel; Mrs.
Trumbo sat at the desk of Senator More
house; Mrs. Bulla was beside her hus
band, the Senator from Los Anpeles;
| Daniel M. Burns occupied a cbair at the
desk of Senator Bert. There were also
present of the notables Taylor Rodgers of
San Francisco; Ed McCabe, private secre
tary of the Governor; Miss Josephine
Todman. executive secretary of the Gov
ernor, and many others from Sacramento
and neighboring towns. The plush chairs
• inside the rail were occupied by the fair
est of Sacramento's daughters, and in the
i gallery the dark clot, es of the men were
: relieved by the bright dresses of a score or
more young grammar-school girls who
I had received a tip from their teacher to
! attend the Senate and see how United
States Senators were made.
When President pro tern. Flint an
nounced that the next business was tne
election of a United States Senator the
buzz of conversation ceased and necks
were craned forward to see what would be
done next. After a pause that made the
i people think of a stage-wait or a hitch in
I the scenery. Senator Stratton arose and
• made a speech eulogizing Senator Perkins,
the incumbent of the office. Stratton is
an ener?etic-looking man, with a piercine
black eye, and his appearance would lead
one to suppose that he was full of fire and
ginger, but to the disappointment of his
hearers a tamer speech was never delivered
in a public meeting. His utterance was
rapid and he expressed as much sentiment I
as a clerk reading off the inventory of a gro- i
eery. The speech was cold and colorless. I
like the subject, and there was no sugges- J
tion of inspiration in it. His remarks as i
to Mr. Perkins' ability sounded like a half- '
apolosy for his shortcomings, and the i
speaker took particular pains to impress!
upon h s hearers the fact that the subject i
of his praise repre ente I the business ele
ment of tne State and that the lawyers
were represented by Sena'.or White, who
unfortunately happens to be a Democrat.
Buila fullowe t in a more eloquent strain
and dwelt on" the fact that the Senator was
at one time a boy, and a poor boy at t; at,
| and he seemed to maKe a virtue of it, just '.
! as though Mr. Perkins had been born rich
and hau voluntarily embraced poverty for |
it* own sake uix' in oraer that there might '<
be some material tor a eulosy wneu he j
i should grow up aiid be a man and run for {
I the Senatotship.
Tiie Senate and visitors listened with
attention and coldly to the speech and
after its conclusion gave a spiritless round
of hand-clapping.
When Senator Morehouse arose for the
purpose of withdrawing the name oi Sam- 1
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
uel M. Shortridge from the contest in th •
interest of harmony in the ranks of the
party there was a revival of interest not
observed during the delivery of the per
functory speeches on behalf of the man
who had so much patronage to bestow
and whose frown could carry with it dis
astrous political consequences to the per
son at whom it was directed. Senator
Morehouse has a fine presence and a rich,
deep voice, and the stillness that pre
vailed wa»a high compliment to the repu
tation he has made as a political speaker.
But his hearers were disappointed. His
remarks were few and to the point. They
conveyed the intimation mat two years
hence he vould have the pleasure of nom
nating Mr. Shortridge for the honorable
office of United Siates Senator. The
warmth with whici his remarks were
greeted showed that there was some mag
netism in the speaker and the subject
alise.
When Senator Maboney's name was
called on the rollcall, he cast his vote
loudly, clearly and deliberately for Daniel
It. Burn«. The unexpectedness of the
vote caused a buzz of surprise among the
Senators and spectators alike, and when
Mr. Burns saw that he was the mark for
all eyes, he blushed to the roots of hit
blush-colored hnir and waved his hand to a
Senator who was qn.zzing him. Senator
Care
\ Should be exercised at this season to prevent*
debilitated condition of the system. Build up
the health in winter by taking a course of
Hi B s i
LJR j^^^"K^%a |^^
wk H
Sarsapariila
! Tile Beat— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
HnnHV Pilic are the only . pill* to take
iIUUU 0 t Mild with Hood's Sarsaparlllfc2
Maboney was the only Republican who
did not vote for Mr. Perkins.
The Democrats had a free and easy and
divided up among several candidates,
none of whom had been placed in nomi
nation.
Jolm Joseph Dwyer, Billy Foote, Sen
ator Landlord and Charles D. Lane of the
Silver Committee, received the compli
mentary vote of the Democracy. So it
was settled that George C. Perkins was
the choice of the Senate, and over in the
other side of the building the Repub
licans in the Assembly were doing the
same thing, and Mr. Perkins' friends were
sure at last t^at Colonel Jackson and the
other colonels were about to get collector
ships of the port and other fat plums of
Senatorial patronage.
IN THE SENATE.
Samuel M. Shortridgs Withdraws
From the Contest in Favor of
Senator Perkins.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , Jan. 12.— After
President pro tern. Flint had announced
that nominations for United States Sen
ator were in order Senator Slratton of
Alameda arose and said:
Throughout the middle part of last year tne
Republicans of California field county and
district conventions and, among other things,
nominated candidates for the Assembly and
for the State Senate. An important issue
which confronted the people ana which was
reflected in resolutions and platforms was the
election by the Legislature of a United States
Senator. In this latter regard it was deemed
proper by Republicans in answer to popular
demand to express their preference.
Ash result of the issue presented there has
been elected this Senate. But one name was
prominently before the people for Uniud
States Senator, and wherever the Republicans
of this State in county and district convention
have expre^seda preference by which to guide
the vote and the choice of their representa
tives they have, whether those conventions
were held in the north or in the south,
whether they represented the miners or the
farmers, wherever over the length and breadth
of this great State a choice has been thus
manifested for a United States Senator, that
choice without an exception has been indi
cated in favor of Hon. George C. Perkins.
If any Legislature through its acts should, as
it ought, reflect the will of the people, then
this Legislature, and this Senate, as a co
ordinate branch thereof, should give its un
qualified support for the great office of United
States Senator to George C. Perkiqs.
Tiiere never was a doubt from the time when
he returned to this State from the scene of his
labors in Washington but what the choice ot
the people was in favor of Mr. Perkins— a
choice solemnly declared in convention and
solemnly ratified at the polls.
Many in this State, of calm ana mature judg
ment, favor the election of United States Sen
ators by a direct vote of the people. The sub
stitute method of instruction to legislators ap
proaches as nearly as possible to the adoption
of that great principle, and even those who
may not be bound by any expressed wish of
their constituency are nevertheless privileged
to know and to feel that he is the choice of the
great masses of this State.
Nearly four years ago Governor Perkins was
appointed as a United States Senator to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Hon. Leland
Stanford. I well remember that upon that oc
enslon in Oakland a meeting was held wherein
speeches were made congratulating Mr. Per
kins by reason of this great honor.
I lelt then that it mattered not bo much
what was said about him then, but what
would be said of him when his term of office
was done. The test after all must be not what
is said of the candidate before he has entered
upon his duties, but what is the verdict of his
constituency when he has returned from the
accomplishment of his labors. Senator Per
kins lias stood this great test.
This may have been regarded as a period of
probation for Senator Perkins. The high esti
mation in which he was held by his State and
v is party was, two years later, shown in his
election for the unexpired term. He has no
longer been upon probation— he has taken his
place in tne Sen&te of this country and has
gained for himself a high position in the es
teem *nd in the confidence of his fellow-legis
lators in that grand body.
There are menintlie S-.nate of the United
States who are great jurists, others who are
great diplomats, others who are more or less
representative of the vital interests of the Na
tion. This State itself is represented from the
south by a lawyer, but Mr. Perkins stands as a
representative not so much of diplomacy or
of the law, but he stands as a representative
business man on behalf of the commercial and I
mercantile interests of the State of California.
I bs.ieve that it is a magnificent thing to
have in the Senate of the United States a sound
business man, who hag a practical acquain
tance with the necessities of the Nation aud
with her great industrial affairs.
Hitnerto it would seem to iiave been the
practice in many Slates, and in California par
ticularly, to send millionaires to the United
States Senate. There have been Senatorial
contests which have gone down into history,
which have properly provoked a demand by
the people for a constitutional amendment
which will give to them a direct choice.
The politics of this State, however, have in
the last two Senatorial electioas been elevated |
by the selection of the incumbents in the I
United States Senate, and Mr. Perkins stands,
together with Mr. White, representative of a
new time and of a new era, when not only
wealth, but merit, prevails.
We in A amada County justly feel proud of
Senator Perkins. Many factors contributed to
the remarkable expression of the popular will
in favor of Republican principles in that
county. Not the least of the influences was
the fact that the legislative ticket embodied
in itself the avowed candidacy of our towns
man and fellow-citizen, Georse C. Perkins, for
United States Senator. He is peculiarly a man
of the people, and ig properly the champion
not oi the rich and the privileged, but of the
FRED STRATTON of Alameda Nominates Pefkinsjfor Senator.
SENATOR GEORGE C PERKINS, Elected to Succeed Himself.
(From a Photograph by Taber.)
plain, common people, whom Lincoln eaid
that t-ie Lord must love because he made so
many of them.
Although he is an employer of labor and a
manager, and in control of great shipping in
terests, still in thii State the voice of his em
ployes has never been lifted in complaint
against him.
He was not born rich, but he earned and '
acquired his position. Mr. Perkins begi.n life
a poor boy. He to that extent embodies in
himself something of the meaning of Gar
field's remark when he said that he never met
a ragged urchin but what he felthJ might owe
him a salute, for he knew not what possibili
ties for the future were in him.
He has energy and intelligence and this has
been shown by his career in the Senate. Mr.
Perkins has made a record of which not only
he but the State which he represents may well
feel proud.
Eastern commonwealth* maintain their pre
eminence in Congress by returning time and
time again their representatives who have ex
perience and position. California may well
profit by their example in according a re
newal for six years of the term of office to Mr.
Perkins as their representative.
This man of whom I speak does not parade
his virtues, and yet he is t>opular because he
has charity and because he has liberality — a
liberality and a charity which are not dis
played before the public of munificent gifts,
but by the continued and ever-Increasing sub
stantial kindnesses which have gone out from
him to his fellow-raeu.
California is a great State. It has many in
terest?, and if Senator Perkins Is returned he
will truly represent these intereßts.|He loves
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
the mines of this State, which pour forth their
mineral wealth into the ■ hannels of trade, be
cause he once workea in them. He loves the
great agricultural regions and the valleys of
this State, because he has seen their growth
and has had a part in their development. He
loves the cities of this State, because he has
seen them expand from villages into great
municipalities. He loves the north ana he
loves the south as well, for the reason that they
play a clorious part in the greatness of Cali
fornia to-day and because there are romantic
associations of the pa*t with the present, of
the did times of quietude and peace, of the
ranch and mission days in Alia and in Lower
California, regarding which General Vallejo
wrote in the Century Magazine some years ago.
' As legislators, let us understand that in this
matter we arc charged with a high and sol
emn trust. Let us further understand that as
to this our duty ends in the election of a Uni
ted Stales Senator, and he on his part there
udoii stands charged with all of the responsi
bilities of his position. Our choice then should
be in favor of one who is worthy of the honor,
who has integrity, ability, and who can fitly
perform his part in carrying o«B and perpetua
ting the principles upon which our Govern
ment is founded.
Let us further understand that the Repub
lican party by its successes is committed to
certain great principles, not in the old plat
forms and the old issues, for they have passed
away. As an organization, however, we have
made promises to the people of this State, to
the people of this coast and to the people of
the United States.
While I speak as a legislator, and not as a
partisan, still believing, I may affirm, that the
Republican parly to which so many of us here
belong has, for over thirty years, redeemed
every promise, its every prophecy has been
fulfilled, and it stands to-day before the Na
tion and before civilization with its integrity
unquestioned.
The duty, then, of our Senator at Washing
ton wlil in a great part be to perform our
promises, to do as the party has done in the
past, have its platforms pass into history, nave
its declarations pass into precedents and find
their way into constitutional amendments
and statutory enactments. But if George C.
Perkins is, as he must be, elected a United
States Senator, it will not be as a Republican,
nor on behalf of thj Republican party, but it
will be as a Californian and as an American.
Then and now we with our Sinator wiil be
only citizens of one commonwealth, united
against common dangers, standing upon a
common platform, and advocates of a common
cause, and that cause advancement, success,
prosperity, humanity ana a higher and a
grander civilization.
Let us now, casting aside partisanship, be
lieve that we are on the threshold of a great
National career, and that we point now to the
star of hope ior American manufactures, for
American labor, for American commerce, and
the completed grandeur of th^ American peo
ple as a whole.
While I would like to see the career of our
party perpetuated, still 1 would far more and
beyond this see the glory of California and the
United States and the glory ana happiness of
our people perpetuated and advanced, regard
less of party.
Holding as I do these views, believing as I
do in these principles, having as I have a su
preme confidence in the man of. my choice, I
nominate for the high office of United States
Senator from the State of California the Hon.
George C. Perkins.
Senator Bulla of Los Angeles was the
next speaker. The Senator told of Mr. Per
kins' early strangles in life, and highly
complimented him on. his integrity.
In seconding the nomination, Senator
Balla said:
I desire to second the nomination of the
distinguished gentleman whose name has
been so ably presented by the eloquent Sena
tor irom the Twenty-seventh District. In
doing so I shall attempt no eulogium upon
his life or character. He needs no such ser
vice at my hand- b'forc this assemblage or
he peop c of the State of California, for vast
as is the area of our great commonwealth,
there is within its confines no hamlet so re
mote but that the name of George C.Perkins
is a household word therein. In every com
munity ther: are men who, by their industry,
foresight and sound judgment, rise above the
commonplace of • their surroundings and
achieve success in life, where men of less
ability and force of character meet only with
failure. Such men make history, and the his
tory of such men is the truest ana best history
of the time and place in which ihey live. And
in modern times at least there has been no
more unique or thrilling chapter of history in
dited than that describing the experiences of
these sturdy pioneers who, almost a half cen
tury ago, left their homes of comfort or luxury
in the East and braved the hardships and
perils of a journey to the new El Dorado
which had been discovered on the broad Pa
cific. Humor, pathos, burlesque and tragedy
were all enacted in the lives of those men,
and we Califomiaus ot to-day who are enjoy
ing the marvelous results of their courage
and determination owe them a debt of grati-
tude which has b en but scantily recognized
and which can never be repaid.
Among those hardy men there came some
time in the "fifties" a penniless youth from
the rugged and rockbouad shores of Maine,
fired with ihe persistency of purpose and de
termination of character which are the heri
tage of every New England boy. I need not
recount the event* of his life from the time of
his arrival in California to the present. They
are a part of the every-day history of his
adopted B'.ate. As newsboy, clerk, merchant,
miner, legislator, Governor and United States
Senator his nnme is identified with every step
of progress and advancement in our wonder
ful State— material, social, educational and
political— for the last quarter of a century.
Few men have had m> re varied experiences —
none has preserved through them nil a more
honorable name or more unsullied reputation.
His holding of public office has always been
because that indescribable but all-powerful
ugency, public sentiment, has demanded his
appointment or election. Many of us who sit
In this chamber to-day remember well how
two years ago we were chosen as members of
the California Legislature upon the express
condition that our votes should be cast for
George C. Perkins for United States Senator,
and how, notwithstanding the most stren
uous efforts of other able and worthy aspirants
for the office, he was returned to the position
he hud so satisfactorily tilled.
And now, fellow-members of the Senate, It
again devolves upon us In our official capacity
to choose his successor in office. Personally I
hope some time in the near future to see the
intelligent people of our progressive State per
form this duty for themselves by their direct
vote, but at present we can only execute the
law as ii exists. But in this instance our duty
is plain— our task an easy one. We are but
tlie representatives of those by- whose grace
we are here chosen by them under the law to
execute their will.
For myself, representing in part that rich
and rapidly developing section lying south of
the Tehachapi, I am left in no doubt as to the
wishes of my people. My instructions are
clear, definite and not to be disrettarded. In
many other districts the people have also
spoken in no less certain tone. But even
though there Had been no instructions to a
single member here, there would be no room
for honest doubt as to the choice of our people
for United States Senator. It is ascertain as
the sun will continue to shine in the heavens
that if the election of United States Senator
could be submitted to a vote of the people of
this State to-day the Hon. George C. Perkins
would ba chosen by an overwhelm ing major
ity, and "the people" are always to be trusted.
Thank God, the old adage, "Vox populi, vox
Dei." is still true in our great Republic, and
God forbid that it shall ever ceaie to be true,
lor when it does then will government of, for
and by the people perish forever from the face
of earth. Fellow-Senators, let us heed the
voice 01 our people and execute their will by
casting our votes for the re-election to the
Uniied States Senate of the distinguished in
cumbent, Hon. George C. I'erkius,
Senators Gilette and Smith also sec
onded the nomination.
Senator Morehouse of Santa Clara took
the floor for the purpose of withdrawing
the name of Samuel M. Shortridge from
the oentest. He spoke as follows:
"I do not rise on this occasion for the
purpose of making a speech. Unfortu
nately that speech has been reserved for
two years. The occasion has arisen in the
ranks of the Republican party within the
last few days, which compels me to with
draw and not nominate my friend, Hon.
S. M. Shortridge. I had hoped that on
this occasion I might be permitted to pre
sent for your consideration the eloquent
young orator of Sun Francisco. I do not
propose to eulogize him, for a life that
needs eulogy is unworthy of it, and a iife
that requires a panagyric is unworthy of
my support and suffrage. His life and
record should stand as a monument for
themselves. But following out the will of
the Republican party and caucus I with
draw the name of the Hon. Samuel M.
Shortridge, and I second the nomination
of the Hon. George C. Perkins."
The roll was called witn the following
result: Perkins 27, Daniel M. Burns 1,
Charles D. Lane 1. B. F. Lnngford 3, W.
W.Foote 5, John Joseph lawyer 3XTotal 40.
Senator Mahoney voted for D. M. Burns.
IN THE ASSEMBLY.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12.— The As-
NEW TO-DAY
T
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATERi T
Bottled at the {JJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
'■r~ Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian- Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest. - -
"We know of no Spring which shows so "great richness in Mineral Salts, or whicl)
combines such advantages, as this water. s; :-;.-,' . ;*;,.:,
lii^r :-?r:-< t> "Professor Dr. R. C. Tichborn, . LL.D., F.C.S., F.1.C., Dublin." %
" This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than "\ di • ,/j - '.
»11 Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so / /f^^ * %
. great that even ; the smallest dose secures - the , [ (/■ J=^i r - ''" '*...'"" 1& m
best results.'* ' 7 ;._V " ' • )'■ • "■ C=^' ' ' bY: .; ■ ■> . .- ..■■.■;:■'' T^ y
;-:■-.■ . - ; Sworn Chemist in £uda i*est* -
; Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
'\OF ALL , DRUGGISTS MINERAL WATER DEALERS
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
- by CHS. GRAEF &' CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole > Agents
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that i^he Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company. Limited. v - • .-,
EMPLOYED at the City and County ,■ Hospital \ California '
Women's Hospital, German Hospital; St. Luke's Hosp^i etc., and
at the Leading Hospitals of England. > -
sembly went throngh the routine of regu
lar business this forenoon until 11:30
o'clock and then took a recess until noon,
the time appointed for the election of a
United States Senator. Before that hour
the gallery was filled with spectators, and
the lobby spaces on the main floor of the
Assembly were occupied until there was
no longer standing-room. The aisles and
places alongside of members were filled
with ladies who had assembled at the in
vitation of Assemblymen to observe the
proceedings.
Colonel J. P. Jackson took a position In
the aisle to the left, rear of North of Ala
medd. Colonel Dan T. Cole was within
supporting distance.
When the hands of the clock indicated
ti:e minute of 12 Speaker Coombs an*
nounced that the time had arrived for the
election of a United States Senator to suc
ceed the Hon. George C. Persins.
.North of Alameda introduced the custo
mary resolution in accordance with the
law and the rules. The clerk read the
statutes .bearing on the subject. When
the perfunctory reading was finished the
Speaker declared that nominations for
United States Senator were in order.
Waymire of Alameda was recognized.
He spoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker: During the latter part of last
November, just before his departure for Wash
ington, the junior Senator from this State in
the Senate of the United States wrote me a
letter saying that he would esteem it a great
honor to be re-elected while attending to his
duties at Washington, asking if I thought be
could safely remain away and requesting me
to place bis name before this Assembly. I
answered that I thought he could be re-elected
without returning and that I would comply
with his request. I am here to keep that
promise, and I now place in nomination for
the office of Senator ot the United States for
the term beginning March 4, 1897, the Hon.
George C. Perkins.
Senator Perkins is too well known, sir, to
require any eulogy from me. Though still in
the prime of life he has for a generation been
an active and efficient agent in the upbuild
ing of this great Commonwealth. Coming
here in his early youth as a sailor-boy, heat
once tound profitable employment in our gold
mines. Soon afterward he became a merchant
and prospered in that occupation. Twenty
eight years ago he was elected a State Senator
and served at the first sessiou held iv thin
building. It was then I made his acquaintance.
As the representative of a great jjurnal I
watched his work from day to day and learned
to admire the young man for his industry, for
his tact and for his genial disposition.
A few years later he removed to San Fran
cisco and, his heart still yearning tor the sea,
he became lame: v interested in the ocean car
rying trade. Under his skillful management,
his steamships plowed the Pacific Ocean from
Alaska to Panama. Ho became wealthy and
a power in the land. In 1880 the people of
this State made him Governor, in which office
be served with success and honor. Subse
quently, in various parts of the country, he
ventured upon important enterprises, always
maintaining a high standard of business in
tegrity. Four years ago he was appointed a
Senator of the United States to succeed the
late Senator Lelan<T Stanford. At the last
session of the Legislature he was elected to
serve out the remainder of the term. During
the late campaign he went before the people
of the State and made an open, manly contest
for re-eiection. The people seem to have indi
cated their desire that he should be returned
to the Senate for a full term of six years. It is
our duty and it is my pleasure to bow to their
will. In public life as in private life there is
nothing more sacred than a promise deliber
ately made. When given to the people by a
political party in its platform it must be Kept
or the people will lose faith in the party.
When given by a candidate for office to the
convention which places him before the peo
ple, or when given by the candidate himself
to the people who elect him, it must be kept
or the candidate will forfeit his right to public
confidence. *
Political parties are essential to good srcv
ernment. Good faith upon the part of public
men in their dealings with one another And
with the people is necessary to the mainten
ance of parties. Without strict observance of
it, no man can attain real eminence in public
life. I tru3t, sir, that the candidate whom I
named may be elected and that his services in
the Senate may be fruitful of good results to
the State and of consequence to himself.
The applause following Judge "Way
mire's speech was moderate and brief.
Judge Bridgford. Democrat and Popu
list, obtained the next recognition of the
Speaker and placed in nomination J. G.
Muguire. He said if the choice of United
States Senator was loft to the people of
California 75 per cent of the voters would
pronounce in favor of Maguire. "Only
yesterday Maguire removed from the
highway of prosperity one of the greatest
oDstructions."
N. £. Malcolm of Santa Clara seconded
the nomination of Perkins, using the in
gerßOll speech of the Cincinnati conven
tion of 1875 as his guide. Malcolm spoke
of Perkins as a "leader of the leaders,"
and said the benator was noted for his
honesty in Butte County.
Sig Bettman of San Francisco, chair
man of the Committee on Public Morals,
assumed a superb oratorical attitude and
seconded the nomination of George C.
Perkins.
E. J. Eramons of Kern County nomi
nated Thomas V. Cator. He held it to be
a pleasant duty to represent the People's
party and present the narr.e of Cator to j
his fellow-members. He knew that many j
persona thousht that the People's party i
was composed of dreamt r.< and visionists,
but the waking day would come and the
country would see that the dreamers
were friends of the poor and needy.
J. B. Sanford of Point Arona desired to
. NEW TO-DAY.
IBoirs",
Improved Homeopathic (
REMEDIES.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom
fails to relieve in from one to three hours,
and cures in a few days. Price, 25c.
Manyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
to cure all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price, : 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and ail
liver diseases. Price, 25c.
:-; Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, Joins or groin and all
forms of kitlnev disease. , Price, 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
' purities of the blood. Price, 25c.
\ Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price, 25c. «'
gjj Munyon's Asthma Herbs are guaranteed
to relieve asthma in two minutes. Price,
25c - ■•. - ■■ .v ' . . '  ■
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price. 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops couehs,
night sweats; allays soreness, and speed-
ily heals the lungs. Price. 25c.
"Munyon's Nerve Cure restores over-
worked and overstrained nerves to a
healthy condition. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25c.
• Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a vial. r
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OF THE '
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drug cutters, who, having
forced the selling price of MITNYOX'S
REMEDIES to co*». and, therefore, not ■
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and ■will
try to ' persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will ; recom-
mend as being better. Such men are
not' "deserving of your confidence or
patronage,; r Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting V I'NYO >'a. V
DR. COOK GORES
■ zij'St*^ Nervousness, t> -
J^^^^^^S, Night Emissions,
/MMftr V Inip.otency, ■
yisZt j^Sfe^Sn, Lost Manhood,
■"■^^^ r^^Ai G° norr * i ° ea »
x"w?^^^^F striciure »
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert
on Female, Complaints, ; Piles, Rupture, [
Rheumatism. Catarrh, t Blood and Skin l
Diseases and all Functional Diseases of the
Heart. Lungs,' Liver, Stomach,' Kidneys,
Bladder and Urinary Organs.
.Electricity given in conjunction
With medicine when deemed advisable.
Mall Treatment always satisfac-
tory— therefore write if you cannot call.
FREE'iSOOK on men's diseases to all de-
scribing their troubles. Oth^e hour*: 9to
12 a. m. arid 2to 5 and 7toBp. m. Sundays
10 to *12A. m. only. Address '-*»' "''%•' !*^
JJ \J\J X Ult KjV Uil San anciseo, Cat. 1
UUl^l "l-Hi \;\)\J .ll. San Francisco, ckl. J
It. A. Bertellns Pres. , H. Nordman, Vice-Prss.
A. W. Kirk, sec - ■ Jos. iSordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our owu, - whose : superiority has not yet been
equaled. ■
\V> hay« no i^vaK ' We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depeuJ solely upon
the merits of our woric for success.
I Men Made Over!
Any man. entering from the effects of W
follies mid excesses restored to perfect <•)
health, manhood, and vigor. Night losses, ®
drains and emissions cease at once. The /2\
Errors of Youth, Premature Decliue. Lost ><
Manhood, and all Diseases and Weak- X
nesses of Man, from whatever cause. ®
permanently and privately cured. - ®
SMALL. WEAK PARTS ENLARGED ©
AND DEVELOPED. ®
. «e FREEST ' i
Our regular $3.c0 package Paris Vital ©
Sparks, a full month's treatment, 100 ®
noses, sent Free fur a f,i- < <r>/< only. ®
Mailed closely sealod. Cut this out. ft JS
only appears once. V.'rite r>r.w, tn^tn ><
No CO. D. or Prescription Fraud. I
gX»)®<g)(SX^\SXiX^?)@^
,£| •- Ch!ckc«ter's English Diamond Brand!.
fTNNYROYAL PiLLS
P <G~*\ Original and Only Wenu'no. A
yt § >W.Ov •Art. alvija reliable, laoics a«k /S\
AjlJ* l^^! DractiM fbr"O'YAr«lrr« gnalUk X>(«-/»V\
ir^irWgri f]-i i i r la Red ud <-W metsllioVUp
jTv -vfiWtinM. !C »»'» < > with blm ribbon. Trite \y
iTi •5if 5 8k <Sm«>o other. Rtfiut dangtrott* miitiff V
I / fjfiiHumiKHmUnttont. a; r>ronl«t«. or «-sd
v I » Jf Id .Umpf far ■illaWlMl. ••"stliacala'ui , ul J
-\V JB "llellcf fbr La<llp«.'* in lt!lt~. by re faro ',"
-V /r £!»IL -. »<^(«>O r^.tlmon!*!.. - Kami Pmptr, ,
. - *-*V he»t«rOh«mlotlCa^il»dl«r!« Hnnant '
b»»l»U!,r!«:!r' l iiiu. . • , . '-'hilad^-. «■£
DR.MGNULTY; }
'IRITIS \\KI,L KNOWN AXD mourABLE ox.v
Pt. spcciuilst cures I'rlvate.Nervous.lUoodand Skin
DiseHncsof Men only. • Manly Power rmtomt. Over
3)years' experience.- Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. ■■/Terms reasonable. ■■; Hours. 9 to S
rtaily;6:.» toB.:«ev'ir«. Sundays, 10tol2. C'<.iisu!t;i-
tioufree and saeri'dly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McJTIJI,TT, 11. 1)..
SB>s Koaru.T Wtrt-cl. Sun Krnmi«f.>, Cal.
DDIICUCC FOR BARBFRS, BAat-
KKlfiilirn^ bootblacks, bnta-
lIUUVIIIiW houses. billiard -tables,
brewers, ■ ' bookbinders, .-; candy.makers, canners,
dyers, flourmilis, / foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, palmers, shoe factories. stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
•■-•• • v itCOHANAN BROS.,
Brush Man ufHcturti is. COt>*>itcraim»ntoat.
SS OPIUM
The pur« essential extract from the native drug. Con.
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
•without "ts noxious elements, t No t.i<kiiCs3 cf storm hi
ao 2gg|t ; no costiveuens , no headache. All brugKigts,
NEW WESTERN; HOTEL,*
KEARNY . AND WASHINGTON 8T3.-RB. '
modeled and renovated. KINU, W AKD & CO.
European plan. Kooins 500 to «1 50 per day, a
to $b par weoic. $s> to $3J per morun: free >.>jtttu;
hot ana cold < water s every > room: Urn ■ «r»:e* 14 •
every room:; elevator ruiu alluiaa-
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES U. pillL.Llk'*. ATTOKNKY-A'tW
* V/ Law and ■ Notary Public, 638 Star i;., oppo
•Ite Palace Hote.. Telephone 670. Residence 102$
ft I street. ' T«lopaOB3 - Pins " '2691. v ;
(E ; ?PATENTsf 3
Njtl^2fjMAß?v?r*& ! rs?N£^/
Weak M^n and Women
Sll> U:.. I-I;DAMI.\NA iifxTKKS. TUX
Kreat f Mcx ican p« Keruedy : a X V8 _ iie»l ta aaal
Btienk'ia to tntaexual Oraaii. ■• tte * IHI . **•COLONEL DICKINSON Seconds the Nomination of Perk ins*
have a man in the Senate who could
match Steve White in oratory, and he
there ore nonrinated the "Nestor of the
liar," W. W. Foote.
J. W. Clark of Alameda seconded the
nomination of Georee C. Perkins. He
said: "If Senator Perkins were here the
magnetism of his presence would carry
the Legislature by storm."
C. M. Belsbaw, on behalf of Contra
Costa County, seconded tbe nomination of
George C. Pertiiis.
North of Yolo traced the career of Per
kins from youth to manhood and seconded
his nomination.
Tim Treacy of San Francisco spoke of
the farmer boy and blacksmith of Santa
Cruz, James G. Maguire, and seconded
Maguire's nomination.
J. L. Dryden of San Diego seconded the
nomination of Thomas V. Cator.
Hill of Hum bold t seconded the nomina
tion of George C. Perkins.
E. F. Lacey of San Francisco nominated
J. J. Dwyer.
Power of San Francisco seconded the
nomination of Joseph J. Dwyer.
The roll was called. The Assemblymen
voting for Perkins were:
Anderson, Arnerich, Austin, Belshaw,
Bctman, Breiiing, Burn Dam, Canavan,
Chynowetb, Ciars, Coombs. Cros?, Gutter,
Damun, Dennery. Dibble. Ennis, Fontana,
Goff, Goodhue, Guy, Harris, Henry, Hill,
Hudson. Jones, Ke^bles, Kelly, Kenyon,
Leavitt, Lindenberger, Malcolm, Mcl lick,
North of Alameda, North of Yolo, Pohl
man, Power of Placer, Price, Robinson,
i?iras, Soward, Stansell, Strain, Valentine,
Vosberg, Waymire, Wright — 47.
For Cator— Aldridge. Foreman, Burnett,
Cartwri:;lit, Drvden, Hougbton, Keegan,
Lsi\ds>fcorough I McC'Jelian, Sbauahan, Em
mons — 11.
For Maguire— Boone, Bridgford, Cam
inetii, Godfrey, Manoney, Mead, MtCand
jsh, Me Lauren, Toland, Treacy — 10.
For Dwyer — Dolan, Gately, Lucy, Mul
crevy, McGrath, Power of San Francisco,
Ryan, Allen— B.
For W. W. Foote— Elliott, Rubel, San
ford—3.
Moultrie was absent on acconnt of sick
ness.
The Speaker in announcing the result
pave ths Perkins vote as 46. Dibble and
Beishaw explained that Perkins had re
ceived 47. The tally was corrected ac
cordingly. A message was received from
the Senate announcine the result in that
branch of the Legislature. The clerk
read the record of the vote in the Assem
bly, and adjournment was taken until to
morrow morning. At noon the joint con
vention will be held and the election of
Perkins delared.
The proceedings in the Assembly were
devoid of enthusiasm.
SOME LABOR BILLS.
Considered by the Assembly Com
mittee on Capital and Labor
at a Nlarht Session.
SACRAmENTO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Tho
bills drawn under the direction of Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald, and indorsed
by a State labor convention representing
thirty trade unions, were considered by
the Assembly Committee on Capital and
FATHER DRYDEN Bursts Into Oratory and Incidentally
Seconds Cator^s Nomination.
Lalor to-night. The members of the com
mittee are: Dennery, Malcolm, Strain,
Canavan, Robinson, Bettman, Kelly,
Henry, Sanford, Mahoney, Tolan, Mead,
Dolau and Rubei. They worked in the
committee room while most of the mem
bers of the Legislature were jollifying for
Perkins at the parlors of the Golden Eagie.
Cleveland Dam, Chief Deputy of the
Commissioner, represented the labor
bureau, and Attorney Wentworth of San
Francisco represented many of the leading
employing agencies. Mr. McArthur spoke
for the Sta!« labor convention.
The first bill taken up proposes to es
tablish under the auspic s of the Labor
Department one employment aseticy in
San Francisco and another in Los Angeles.
An appropriation of $15,000 is involved.
Mr. Wentworth contended that the sen
timent of the taxpayers of the State were
against creating new commissions and
agencies.
Dam and McArthnr insisted that great
public benefit would result from the em
ployment of labor.
Incidentally it was noted in the discus
sion that the labor bureau, as managed in
the past by Tobin ana Waltz, was useless,
but under r the direction of Fitzgerald it
had gained the indorsement of the labor
ing clashes.
The Perkins colonels are having high
jinks at the Golden Eagle. Men under the
grade of colonel are recognized. Major
FranE McLaugbiin arrived to-night and
was admitted.
JSJ)I^AA'S AiiW St..*ATOR.
Fairbanks TUstanrrs the Field in the
ttrpubHean Caucus.
INDIANAPOLIS, Isd., Jan. 12.— The
: Republican caucus in the Senatorial con
test was held to-night. The last day of
the contest was productive of so much ac
tivity that it proved an interruption to
legislative business and neither house
held an afternoon session. The Fairbanks
people held a caucus at 4 o'clock to check
up their strength for the last time and
found that they had plenty and to spare.
The followers of McKeen, Wallace and
Taylor held a final caucus at 5 o'clock.
The first suoject discussed was as to
whether all the candidates should go be
fore the caucus. The decision was the
; san.e ti at it had been at all the caucuses
i ol the "field" held during the past week—
' namely, that the officers of alt three of
; these candidates snouid go before tbe
| caucus.
The McKeen caucus, in discussing the
quebtion of a secret ballot, took no action
on the subject, though many of those
present declared that if an open ballot
were forced they would walk out of the
caucus.
The Fairbanks managers determined
upon a plan of having a secret ballot,
with the reservation that any man who
cared to do so might announce his vote.
; The caucus got under way at 8 o'clock.
When it was decided to proceed with the
nomination of a Senator Senator Shively
offered a resolution that the vote be by
! secret ballot, each member depositing his
! ballot in a hat presided over by the chair-
I man and each member having the privi
lege ol announcing his vote as he cast it.
This wat> opposed by the opponents of
' Fairbanks, led by Senator Hubbell, and
the proposition was warmly debated for a
i half hour.
At 9 o'clock a vote was taken and the
i Shively resolution was adopted by a vote
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
of 52 to 33. Thereupon a bolt from the
caucus was led by Senator Duncan. These
Senators, and Representatives went to the
Senator cnamber and held a caucus tnere.
The main caucus immediately rescinded
the lesolution and sent three or four com
mittees in succession to the recalcitrant
member-, but they stayed out fully an
hour. Finally they all marched back and
alter some oratory was extended in pre
senting the names of candidates a ballot
was taken, resulting in the nomination of
Mr. Fairbanks by a vote of 60 to 25 for the
other three, divid das follows: McKeen
11, Wallace 6, Taylor 3, Frank B. Posoy 3.
General Harrison 1,, Judge J. H. Baker 1.
A committee wa< sent for Mr. Fairbanks
and he addressed the caucus.
MJjOJt McKIHLKt'B VISITORS.
Ohio's J're»id«titinl Electors Call—Cabl-
n't Speculation*.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 12.— The Ohio
Presidential electors came from Columbus
and called on the President-elect formally
to-day. At 2 an elaborate lunch was
served. Before their departure the electors
were photographed with the President
elect.
General C. H. Grosvenor spent an hour
with Major McKinley this afternoon. He
said he did not know whether Senator
Sherman was to be in the Cabinet or not.
Colonel Allen T. Brinsmade of Cieve
lanrt, wtio is a devoted friend of Senator
Sherman, and who has taJten an active
part in the management of several of his
campaigns, publicly announces
to-day that he is orginizinp a movement
to secure the re-election of Mr. Sherman
to the Senate. The Legislature which
chooses Mr. Sherman's successor is to be
chosen next November, and the next Onio
Senator wih be elected in January next.
If Colonel Brinsmade's movement is
authorized it is not likely that Senator
Sherman will be in Major McKinley's Cab
inet, lor if be expected to accept a port
folio he would hardly go to the trouble of
or.anizine a campaign for re-election to
the Senate.
The rumors connecting the name of
Charles Emory timith with the offi'.-e of
Secretary of the Treasury and ex-Gov
ernorJ.'D. Long of Massachusetts with a
Cabinet position were very generally and
pleasantly discussed here to-day.,
SESAIOR KJI/JE LEADS.
But Louc/e* I* <H< in? Htm a Jiaee in
South Itakola.
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 12.— The Sena
torial situation has become more compli
cated and the principal fizht is apparently
narrow ng down to Kyle and Loucks.
The friends ot each of these candidates
claim that their man is in the lead. From
a conservative estimate it is be teved that
Kyle's entire strength is something more
than that of any one of his opponents,
but it must be lik wise considered that he
is far from having a majority. Senator
Kyle could go into caucus with from 16 to
19 sure supporters.
It is also said that he is the second
'SUCDEMLY THERE C A RAPPING- A3 OF S°ME ONE. £f NTLy. TAPPINCr fcTC—
FOR. MrJsEnVOJM WAS rRYIKJCr TO AROUSE ASLEEPV
choice by from three to seven votes. This
would put him in the lend of any oilier
one candidate, though Louckh' friends
cairn that they can reasonably count
upon more support.
A delegation has arrived from the Black
Hills, lieaoe 1 on th* one si«ie by oppo
nents to Judge Piowman, and the other
by some of his most influential supporters.
The tact that Plowman has any of th
opposition in the bills is something of a
detriment to his chances.
Electoral Vote by State*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— The elec
toral vote by States, as the result of the
meetine of the various State electors yes
leniav, is as follow-: McKinley and Ho
bart, 271; Bryan, 176; Squall, 158; Wat
son, 18.
HOISTS THE WHITE FLAG.
Spam Said to Be Eager for Uncle Sam's
Assistance in Stopping the
Cuban War.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— News
from Madrid has been received to the ef
fect that the Spanish Government has de
cided to accept the offer of the United
States Government as mttde by Secretary
Oiney for the settlement of the Cuban
war. This proposition is that Sd:uii will
grant to Cuba independence m everything
except name, the Cubans to govern them
selves and have sole control of ail reve
nues of the ishind and in return the Cu
bans are to pay to Spain a large sum of
money, the amount not yet specified, to
remunerate Spain for the practical loss of
the island. It is stated that Prime Minis
ter Canovas has given formal notice that
Spain would accept America's offer of in
tervention on these c rounds.
GKSERAI, i UK'S }. VESTAL.
Says Be - Hare Sir. Money Ao , Message
to Srcmtary Olney. t V
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— The Her
aid's Havana dispatch contair.s a 1 denial
1 by Consul-General Lee of the statement
alleged to have j been c made Ibv I Senator
elect Money to the effect that the former'
had sent a message to Secretary Olney
stating that Spain conid not put down the
revolution and every day it means loss of
life and property without the remotest en
couragement of final $ Danish success. ■;/'
: The general wrote in vigorous charac
ters: : "I : gave t, Mr. Money ■ no ? message ', to ;
Mr. Olney of any nature." r 'i^ r '?'-•'■ : *-:|
"And do you believe that Sena tor-elect
Money is the correspondent a New York
paper, as alleged by La Lucha to-day t" ' • :
"Most certainly Ido not." ■ • •
CALLS MAGUIRE
A HUMAN HYENA
Grove Johnson Answers the
Speech of His Colleague
From California.
Exp'ains His Record in New
V rk and Says He Expiated
His Youthlul Cr:m.\
Bitter Slanders and Vile Caricatures
in Hearst's "Exam ncr" Caused
His B.ocd to Boil.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.— One of
the most sensational episodes that ever
occurred in the halls ot Congress was that
of to-day when Grove L. Johnson arose to
a question of personal privilege on account
of remarks printed in the Congressional
Record of this morning by Hon. James G.
Maguire.
The proceedings of last Friday, when
j Johnson during the debate on the Pacific
i funding bill took occasion to roast W. It.
Hearst of the New York Journal and San
Francisco Examiner are already known
10 Call readers. Judge Maguire smarted
under the accusation of Johnson that all
the California members (excepting Bow
ers) were insincere and dishonest in their
opposition to the refunding bill.
Judsre Maguire, as related in this morn
ing's Call, tried yesterday to secure rec
ognition as a matter of "personal priv
ilege," but was denied it by Speaker
Re«d, on the ground that Johnson's ref
erences to Maguire did not warrant it.
Judge Mnguire was determined that he
woujd retaliate upon Johnson and punish
him for his caustic remarks made in the
House on last Friday. So he inserted in
this morning's Congressional Record,
under the "leave-to-print" privilege, an
pi ension of his speech of Saturday. He
alleged by innuendo that Grove L. John
son had been convicted of a criminal of
fense in New York State, and that he liad
&ougbt refuge in California, where he con
cealed his identity until the New York in
dictment bad been nolle prossed.
Grove L. Jonnson this morning received
a dispatch saying the Examiner nad
printed these remarks in full purporting
to have been a speech ultered by Judge
Maguire. Johnson then toos up the Con
gressional Record and saw the printed re
marks of Magaire. So, during the consid
eration of a bill in the House this morn
ing, he aro^e and demanded recognition
as a matter of personal privilege.
The Speaker denied this until the pend
ing business was disposed of. Johnson
resumed his seat. He was apparently
Vf-ry much agitated, and members of Con
gress, who always expect something in
teresting when a member of Congress
rises to a question of "personal privilege,"
faced Johnson and awaited developments.
Word was passed along the Capitoi cor
ridors and vacant seats in the hall of the
House were soon occupied. The members
had been anticipating a row between the
two California representatives, but they
were hardly prepared to witness the ex
citing scenes that followed. The corre
spondents, who were listening to Senate
debates, hurried to the House wing, and
soon the House press gallery was crowded
with newspaper men. Finally Johnson
•was recognized. His fare was pale nmt
he could not control his agitation. The
hall of the House was as still as death,
when Johnson arose and said:
Mr. Speaker: Last Friday I made some re
marks upon the bill then pending before the
House known as the I'acific Railroad funding
bilL la the comse of my remarks in order to
illustrate the weakness of the opposition to
the bill coming from California I uudertook to
state the real secret under y ing causes < f that
opposition, and I did it openly, bol'ily, know
ing whereof 1 spoke, and being responsible for
what I said. I was informed that the gentle
man from California (Mr. .Maguire) intended,
to assail me personally upon the floor yester
day, and to call me to Wccoun t for what I had
said, not wi'.h reference to himself, but with
reference to some one else.
1 waited here yesterday all day, though not
well, in order to be prepared far the "roast
ing" that I was to receive and to endeavi r to
reply to anything tnat might bo said. This
morning my attention is called to the Con
gressional Kecord. where 1 rind what purports
to be a speech delivered by the gentleman
from California, in which one whole column
is devoted to a bitter personal a.-sault upon
myself. That speech was not delivered upon
the floor of this House. That upecch was 'not
delivered anywhere, except b> writing it up
on paper, lumding it to the reporter and hav
ing it priuted in the Recora.
1 am hanaed to-day a copy of the St Louis
Globe- Democrat of Monday morning, in which
the correspondent of that paj^er says Mr.
Magnire is going to roast me; is going to al
lude to what has happened in my life; is
going to "cause Grove Johnson's skeletons to
be led forth" ; and he states what Mr. Maguire
says he is going to sny in reference to the
matter. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, this whs no
sudden burst of wrath. It was intended by
the gentleman from California to be given to
the people and to be given without allowing
me an opportunity to be heard; and to be
given in what it seems to roe is a cowardly
and unmanly manner. I would not, in order
to securo the success of any measure in which
I may be interested, assail a member of this
House in ills absence. Telegraphic advices
that 1 have received from California state to
me that William R. Hearst has already pub
lished in the columns of the San Francisco Ex
aminer the speech alleged to have been made
by Mr. Maguire upon this floor. In this speech
he makes % cowardly insinuation against me,
but has aot the courage to state it openly and
frankly.
It is true that thirty-four years ago I was in
trouble in the State of New York. It is true,
sir, that thirty-four years ago I was indicted.
It is true, sir, that thirty-four years ago I did
go to the State of California 10 endeavor to
rear a new home for myself. It is untrue that I
went there under any name except that of
Grove L. Johnson, as the gentleman from Syr
acuse iMr. Poole), who has known me from
boyhood, knows. I went to Sacramento. I
settled there in 1865 as Grove L. Johnson.
AYell knowing the charge against me, the peo
ple in Syracuse well knowing it and my resi
dence in Sacramento, I wonted in Sacramento
day in and day out, and by the blessing of
God and the help of my wife and through my
own labor I was able to pay back every dollar
of indebtedness that I owed in the city of Syr
acuse, in the State of Nev York. [Loud ap
plause.] Every charge against me was dis
missed. The very men that had suffered pe
cuniary loss at my hands were the first to con
gratulate me upon my success. And I visited
Syracuse in 1870 and nearly every yearsince—
always as Grove L- Johnson.
Now, while in Sacramento every man knew
me, they knew what I had done, but they
knew that I had tried to live an honest life in
California, and unlike this human hyena (Mr.
Maguire) they did not dig up the grave of the
past in order to injure my wile, my children
and myself, but they met me as one man
should meet another. During the entire cam
paign, from the very beginning to the end of
it, I was the recipient of the vilest abuse from
the paper conducted by this man Hearst— the
vilest abuse that was ever heaped on a man.
That paper was filled with the bitterest slan
ders and the vilest caricatures of myself.
You know how our honored Speaker was cari
catured by that paper during the campaign,
because you were present and saw it. You
know hew bitter were the assaults that were
made upon him.
The gentleman from Maine (Mr. Boutelle)
knows how he was assaulted by ih.it imamous
paper, but the bitterness of tne assaults upon
our honored Speaker were but as drops of water
compared to the roar of the catarict oi
Niagara to the assaults that were made on me.
i am a man with all the sent.imuus and feel
ings of n niHn, and can stand a reasonable
amount of punishment, although I am not in
vulnerable to every shaft. But In addition
while my wife lay nick upon her bed during
the campaign, from which sickness the doctors
said she mignt not pernaps recover, this in
famous wretch sent cop c* of his paper to my
wife; and in order that she might be given the
agony of reading the abuse of her husband he
cut out the editorials and caricatures from bis
paper, put them in envelopes, sealed them
and sent them to her as correspondence, until
the doctor directed my daughters never to
give my wife a letter until they bad first read
it themselves to Know what was in it.
There is a race of men in Ireland called in
formers, in Italy called bravos, in Russia
called paid police spies; either one of those
would nave scorned to do what the gentleman
iroin Calif jrnia did with reierence tome. It
may be sa;d I assailed a man that vm not
present, and the gentleman irom Wisconsin
(Mr. Cooper) speaking oi it said I was cowardly
in assailing a man, who had assailed me for
more than a year, that lives in New York; that
is safely en.^coused In the fortress of his bouse
in New York; who sends his order 3500 miles
to California, to have me attacked, when I can
not reply nor see him. Is that cowardly? If
the gentleman irom Wisconsin thinks that I
am cowardly or if the gent.eman from Califor
nia things I am cowardly let either of them
repeat to me outside of this chamber what
they said In this chamber and their curiosity
will be appeased. [Applause.]
The physiologists tell us that man changes
every seym years; for thirty-four years J have
tried to make a living for myself, my children
ana my grandchildren, who have been born
unto me (and I have taken good care oi them),
and now, in my old age, when I can look back
ward, and not forward in life; when but a few
more years are given to me. when I ought to
be permitted to enjoy n few years of peace, is
it right that a man should go back thirty-four
years and unices the coar of the secret re
cesses of the past, to bring up the skeleion of
my youthful conduct before you and exhibit
to the people of too United States, and
especially in this sneaking, cowardly manner?
Ought not there be a statute of limitation 10
the past of mar.?
Mr. Johnsou's emotional delivery had a
must singular effect upon the House. It was
one of the strangest spectacles imaginable.
His seat was in the buck row, immediately to
the right of the center door. During his im
pn»Hioiieii ispeacl),, nis body swayed, Mid fre
quently he ventured into the aisle, all the
wnile exhibiting signs of the greatest excite
ment. His boay lairly quivered and his voice
was frequently choked with emotiou. Several
of thoso nearsst to him r«w tears hi his eyes,
or whether true or not, he certainly made a
very lachrymose, not to say tearful plea for
sympatny.
*At times Johnson appeared in a most ludi
crous light, but wheu, with his eyes in fine
frenzy rolling, he called upon heaven to wit
ness that he was a reformt-d man, the galler
ies broke into applause. Such is the effect ol
emotional oratory.
Meanwhile Judge Maguire, the sturdy,
sat in his seat, facing Johnson. His mouth
was tirmly set, and there was a dangerous
fire in his eye that boded trouble for his
adversary. Few men have seen the fat,
sood-natured Congressman angry, but his
feelings to-day was worked up to the high
est pitch. When Johnson ceased Maeuire
arose and said :
"I never printed anything anywhere in
my life, or asked another to print it, or to
say it, that 1 was not myself ready to sa%
in presence of any man on earth. On Fri
day Inst, on 3of tne most remarkable, out
rageous, malicious speeches that I eve
heard, or which was ever was delivered in
respectable assembly of gentlemen, wa
delivered by the gentleman from Call
fomia."
Judge Magnire then explained that on
Saturday he endeavored to secure recog
nition as a matter of personal privilege to
answer Johnson, but failing in this, bad
used the privilege accorded members to
print their remarks in the Record.
The gentleman need not concern him
self about my courage," said Maguire.
"Mr. Hearst is conducting one of the
greatest newspap?rs published in t!i.>
Enslish language." [Laughter.] Hoc 1 *
and jeers of derision on the Republican
side greeted this statement.
Speaker Reed— The House will be in
order.
Matruire (resuming) — Ye 3, the greatest
newspaper published on this continent.
[Renewed laughter, which the Soeaker
repressed.]
Judge Magaire then took his seat and
was given a round of applause by the
Democratic sfde. It was evident, how
ever, that Johnson's tearful plea had won
the sympathy of the House.
Poole of New York, a tall, gray-mus
tached, one-armed veteran, speaking in
support of a motion to expunge Judge
Magntre's remarks about Johnson from
the Record, admitted that Johnson ha<l
been guilty of criminal conduct in Syra
cuse, but expressed the belief that as a re
formed man be was now respected in Cali
/l UtCT )RM- •
/ IyoyeS FOR. Y^ /
\ EL
' BOfM VOYA6ET- • i ißr*
■ MR«OR« FRANCE HAS THtMOHO^, OP 41 T .
THE EUtCToaAUVOTE^
MR. BELSHAW Found Great Pleasure in Seconding Perkinir*
Nomination*
forma, .f oole's motion to expunge a par
ticular paragraph from the remarks of
Judge Maguire was carried by a vote of
190 to 67.
Towue of Minneapolis then moved to
expunge Johnson's accusations against
Hearst, made on Friday, as follows:
"We knew liiru to be a debauchee, a
dude in dress, an anglomaniac in lan
guage and manners, but we thought he
was honest. We knew him to be licen
tious in his tastes, regal in his dissipa
tions, Unfit to associate with pure women
or decent men, but we thought 'our Wii
j lie' was Honest. We knew he was erratic
j in his tastes, erratic in his moods, of
i small understandin,' and smaller views of
mpn and measures, but we thought 'our
Willie,' in bis English plaids, fiis cockney
accents and his middle-parted nair, was
honest. We knew he bad sought on the
banks of the Nil* relief from disease, and
had rivaled the Khedive in the gorgeous
ness of his harem in the joy of restored
health, but we still believed him honest,
though low and deprai^ed. We knew he
was debarred from society in San Fran
cisco because of bis delight in flaunting
his wlckednes?, but we believed nim hon
est, though tattooed with sin."
The House then refused to eliminate
Johnson's reference to Hearst by a vote of
94 to 8.3.
Judge Maguire's friends think that it
was unjust to expunge from the record his
remarks about Johnson while allowing
Johnson's accusations against Hearst to
stand. They say t; at the House was di
vided on party lines, and so it appeared
from the rollcall.
In all of the rolicails Johnson voted on
I his own side of the controversy. Judge
Maguire did not vote at all ; nor did Bow
ers, Barham or Loud. Hilborn voted to
strike out both references.
The end is not yet. It will not be "pis
tols and coffee for two," according to some
sensational rumors, for Judge Maguire is
too sensible to light a dnei, but he will
bring tne matter up in the House again
to-morrow, if, as reported, Poole of New
York has eliminated from his speech in
tne Record of to-morrow the paragraph in
which lie admits that Johnson committed
forgery in Syracuse, without eliminating
at the same time his allegation that Ma
guire had made false statements about
Johnson.
SPEAKER REED'S RULING.
Decides That the Motion of Powers to
Reconsider the Refunding Bill Is
Out of Order.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.— The
hope of those members of the Houso who
are anxious to secure some legislation
with reference to tbe Pacific railroads this
session was quenched to-day by a decision
of Speaker Reed. Yesterday Powers (R.)
of Vermont moved that the bill be recom
mitted to the Committee on Pacific Rail
roads, but objection was made that this
was not introduced as other businessdiad
intervened. Speaker Reed asked until to
day to render a decision. Soon after the
House met he stated as his opinion that
the motion of the gentleman from Ver
mont to recommit the bill was not in
order.
The motion, he said, could have been
made if the House had passed the bill to a
third reading or if other business had not
intervened. No demonstration lollowed
the announcement.
The bill to better define the rights of
aliens in iLe Territories, which was passed
over temporarily yesterday, was taken up
until call of committees and the bill was
passed by a rising vote — ayes 59, noes 26.
A bill allowing applicants for mineral
land patents to appear before clerics of
courts and notaries public making the
preliminary affidavit was also passed.
Bros. us (II.) of Pennsylvania called up a
House bill increasing the classes to which
preference shall be given in appointments
in the civil service. It provides that three
classes shall be disaoled Union soldiers
and sailor< of the late war, honorably dis
charged Union soldiers and saflors and
widows and orphans of Union soldiers and
sailors. The present law gives preference
to those Union soldiers and sailors who
were discharged by reason of wounds or
sickness contracted in service.
After some discussion as to whether
Btate troops might not be included in the
provisions of the bill, it was modified so
as to read provision to soldiers of the
United States in the war of the rebellion.
COMMITTEE VACANCIES TILLED.
Boatner Takn* the Mace of Critp on
WVij/ji an ft Meant.
WASHINGTON, D.C.. Jan. 12.— Speaker
Reed just before adjournment to-day filled
ttje vacancies in the committees on Rules
and Ways and Means, caused by the death
of the late ex-Speaker Crisp of Georgia,
by giving the place to Boatner of Loutsl
iana, whose seat was declared vacant at
the last se'sstou of Congress and who since
his re-election to fill out the remainder of
the present term has been without a com
mittee assignment. The vacancy on the
Rules Committee was tilled by the ap
pointment of Bayley of Texas.
Stokes of South Carolina, who, like
Boatner, was unseated last year, was as
signed to the committees on Agriculture
ana Public Buildings and Ground-*.
Charles Crisp, the son of the Speaker
Crisp, who was elected last month to serve
out the remainder of his father's term,
was assigned to the Postotfice and Mileago
Committees.
Jtangeroum Counterfeit Aolrn.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— The banks
to-day received word of tha discovery of a
new counterfeit of the $20 United States
certificate, issued Tinder an act of Feb
ruary 28, 1878, series 1891, check letter
B. The counterfeit bears the usual small
scalloped carmine seal, purports to be
signed by J. F. Tillman, register of the
treasury, and D. N. Morgan, Treasurer of
the United States, and bears the treasury
A. 6,705,401. The most noticeable defect
in the bill is the portrait of Daniel Man
ning, which does not stand out in bold
relief as in the genuine, but appears
sunken in the background. In the coun
terfeit the nose appears sharp and pointed,
while in the genuine it is round and broad
at the end. There are other defects. The
counterfeit is printed on a good quality of
paper, but lacks the distributed fiber found
j in the genuine note.
ARE YOU
A SICK WOMAN ?
DO YOU WANT TO
O-Z3T "Wellj
STRONG
Almost all the sickness and discomfort
of women is directly due to a diseased con- ■
dition of the organs of the body that are
directly interwoven with the threads of
her life. : '.'.'
Female weakness grows fast when it is
once well started. When there is the
slightest ; indication of disease '. no (time
should be lost in consulting the doctors of
the State Electro-Medical Institute. Their
combined medical and "electrical, treat-
ment, which embraces the curative vir-
tues |of I both of these great remedies, is
the greatest discovery ever made in the
medical world for curing ovarian troubles,
leucorrhoea, inflammation and ulceration,
falling and displacement of the womb, and
the worst forms of the many complicated
ills qnd evils 'generally known as female
complaints.
A Woman Can Imagine
A great many things, but she cannot im-
agine the nervous, crazing agonies of so-
called ; female complaints.. They are a
reality." Words cannot describe their hor-
rors. Nine- tenths of the insanity among
! women comes ; from this nerve-nagging,
brain-destroying cause.
! "- The Electro-Medical treatment given at
the Institute has an immediate and direct
effect upon the organs il is designed to
purify and strengthen.
Cures Are Positive and
Permanent.
It brings new life to the worn, fagged,
nervciess, emaciated sufferer, ana makes
her, in reality "a new woman" — mates her
capable of performing all of the duties of
wif ehood and motnerhood. It makes her
capable of enjoying to the utmost every
enjoyable thing. :
L-^lf you are sick or ailing, if you want to
know what id the matter with* you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort
without delay to the State Electro-Medical
Institute. The Institute 1 KEATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, blood : Diseases, Rheumatism, Ca-
tarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Diseases,
Stomach Diseases. Diseases ol the Liver,
Bowel. Diseases, Eye Diseases,; Ear Dis-
eases, 7 Diseases of Men, Diseases of Women,
and all Curable Disea»es.
$5 RATE FORJLL DISEASES.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute, describe your 1 troubles by letter
and the ' Doctors will advise you /what to
do. lf Strictest confidence observed. ;
STATE ; ELECTROMEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Located at the Corner of Market,
Powell and Eddy Streets.
ENTRANCE i No. >3l EDDY ? STREET,
San Francisco, c»l.
34
CONVENTION OF
MONEY REFORMERS
BuSineSS Representatives of
the Country Assemble
at Indianapolis.
Many P.ans Submitted in the
Interest of Sound Cur
rency.
Rfsolations Providing for the Retire
ment of Uncle Sam From the
Banking Business.
INDIANAPOLIS, I.xa, Jan. 12.-Tbe
>ationai monetary conference called at
-uggest:un of tue Indianapolis Board
of Trade and composed of representa
tives of similar organizations from all
parts of the country assembled in Tom-
Imson Hail this afternoon. The arrange
ment of the ball was in general similar to
that of tbe gold convention heli in the
same place last September. The decora*
were much more moderate, however,
consisting of tbe National colors draped
over the piau'orm. There was a sprink
ling of spectators in the galleries and the
hour preceding the beginning of business
was enlivened by music.
The convention was called to order at
2:3o o'clock by Hugh H. Hanna, chairman
of tue executive committee, under whose
management tbe arrangements for tbe
convention were made ana who origin
ated the movement culminating in tbe
meeting to-day. He introduced Rev. M.
L. Haines, pastor of tne F.m Presbyte
rian Church, who opened the proceedings
with prayer. He asked that the result of
the conference might be even greater and
far-reaching than tne projectors even
dared hope for, and that tbe country
might be prosperous in the future as it
turret had ceea in the past.
In tbe name of t&e executive committee
Mr. Hanna extended a cordial welcome to
the delegates. They understood and appre
ciated the sacrifice made by business men
;n coming to tbe convention at this time
of the year.
J.W. Smitu, secretary of the Indianapolis
Board of Trade, read the call under which
:he convention assembled. The emphatic
terms of the call declaring it to be the sen
timents of the business men of the country
that they should take part in shaping the
financial legislation of the country and
that they would never agree to any propo
sition which would degrade the present
standard of values were received vita ap
plause.
Mr. Hanna presented the report of the
executive committee. Pursuant to the
resolution that was adopted at a pre
liminary conference, December 1, it is
said, the committee has sent out invita
tions to board* of trade, commercial clubs
and such lice organizations in all tbe cities
of the United States of a population of
8000 and greater, according to the last
census," requesting these to send delega
tions to tins convention. There are as
sembled here 300 delegates, representing
business organizations of cities in nearly
every State in the Union.
The committee recommended - for the
temporary organization a committee on
credentials, on permanent organization
on rules and order of business, each con
sisting of fi.teen members.
That all resolutions concerning the cur
rency and banking systems snd mode of
procedure shall be referred without deoate
to the committee on resolutions, to be ap
pointed by the permanent chairman.
That each delegate present shall be enti
tled to one vote.
For temporary chairman the executive
committee recommended E. O. Stanard oi
cretary Jacob W. Smith of
Indianapolis, and for btrgeant-at-arms W.
F. C. Goit oi Insianapoiiiv.
The committee on credentials reported
750 delegates had been enrolled, rep
resentinz the trade and commercial or
ganizations of the different cities.
The committee on rules and order cf
's= presented its report, the chief
feature of which were the provisions for
resiricting debate, tricking the extreme
limit for ?peecnesto na.f an hour and con
fining mort of them to five and tea min
utes each. It was aaopted.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion recommended the name d
Patterson oi Pennsylvania for president
and t .em for each State repre-
Wt..cleG of In
was named for permanent secretary and
Mr. • iDt-at-arms. It wti
recommended that the other committees
Darned be continued.
Mr. Patterson was escorted to the plat
form by Messrs. E. B. Mar:.ndale and
H. H. Hanna of Indianapolis acd Mr.
Lowry oi Atlanta, Ga. He addressed the
convention.
lv accordance with the provisions of
the report on permanent organization the
State delegations selected vice-presidents
and members of the committee on reso
lutions. The latter were reported as fol
lows: Minnesota, W. B. Dean; Ohio. M.
E. Ingalls; Tennessee, J. C Mcßeynolds;
Connecticut, Joel A- £ perry ; Moaiaua.T. C.
Powers; Pennsylvania, J. C. Bnllitt; lowa,
E. A. Temple; Georgia, R. P. Bullock;
Maine, C. F. Libby; Illinois, Franklin
MecVeagh; MlssissipDi t C. W. Robftjson;
Massachusetts, ' H. L. Higglns; Rhode
Island, Rasland Hazard; Missouri,
George E. Layton; New Jersey, Benjamin
Laycock;. Michigan, X. A. Fletcher; Wis
consin, F. H. Made bury; Alabama, H. C.
Tomptins; Arkansas, H. L. Runer; Texas,
M. L. Off at; District of Columbia, B. H.
Warner; Maryland, J. M. NeisoL Ken
lucky, Logan C. Murray; Virginia, S. W.
Traverse; New York, W. E. Dodge; Indi
ana, H. H. Hanna; California, John P.
Irisn.
Hon. J. H. Walker of Massachusetts,
chairman of the House Committee on
Banking and Currency in the present Con
press, was invited to address the conven
tion, which he consented to do.
At the conclusion of Mr. Walker's re
marks the convention took a recess until
8 o'clock this evening.
me evening session was called to order
by Chairman Patterson at 8:20. M. E.
lnzalls was recognized to move that the
committee on resolutions should be per
mitted to retire and sitdunng the session,
it was so ordered.
J. H. Rhoads was then recognized and
allowed twenty minutes to present the
view* of the New York Chamber of Com
merce, which he represented. He stated
that if the country was allowed much
longer to bold the present financial course
disaster and wreck- will certainly result.
He said that what the country needs is
stability of all kinds, stable tariff, stable
government and stable currency. He
said that prosperity conld now only be
restored by the establishment of a sound
monetary system. Mr. Rhoads was ap
plauded when he said he could s*e no
reason why the Government sdould not
base all its issues upon the gold standard
and replace all notes with coin certificates
protected by a 25 p«r cent gold reserve.
In closing Mr. Rhoads denied with much
feeling the charge that there is hosti.iiy
in New Ycrk and other cities of the East
toward the West. H<s declared that the
interests of one part of the country are
the interests of a!L
Sir. Daushman of Chicago presented
the first proposition fSr the consideration ]
of the convention. 1 1 provided for the j
appointment of a committee of nine mem- !
bers, to be appointed by the President of
the United States within thirty days, in
cluding one member from the Senate Com
mittee on Finance and from the House
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The committee shall investigate the finan
cial subject, sitting in Washington, and
make report to Congress of their conclu
sions by bill or otherwise. The members,
other than the Senator and Representa
tive named, shall be paid for their serv
ices by the Government. Three sball be
bank-rs, three merchants or mauufactur- j
era • and one • a political economist repre
senting the several geographical sections
of the country.
Some Indiana delegates, through E. F.
Ci3ypool, presented a scheme prefaced by
a review of banking experiences in the
United States, the reading of which occu
pied ail the time alloted to its presenta
tion and ii went to the committee on reso
lutions without being disclosed to the con
vention.
Mr. Chadwick of Brooklyn offered a
resolution directing the committee on
resolutions to take into consideration the
expediency ol incorporating info the Na
tional bank system of the principle of
Scottish branch banks.
Mr. Peat offered the resolutions adopted
by the St. Paul Chamber of Commerce
advocating the maintenance of the gold
standard, withdrawal of the Government
from the banking business and theexten- j
sion of the national bank system by the
establishment of branches and the reduc
tion oi the minimum capital stock re
quired of such institutions to. $25,000.
George G. Tanner of Indianapolis or
fered a resolution declaring in favor of a ;
refunding of the National debt, the retire- j
ment of greenbacks, a more expansive sys
tem of National bank currency and tbe ■
imposition of severe penalties upon Na- •
tional bank directors for failure of duty, ■
to be presented to Congress by a commit- j
tee of the convention.
H. H. Hanna of Indianapolis presented
a scheme for tne appointment of a mone- j
tary commission of eleven members, to be !
named by this convention and to work at ;
.the expense of the convention invesugat- j
ing the financial subject, its conclusions to j
be reported to an adjourned meeting cf j
the convention with a view to their pre
sentation to Congress if legislation should !
be deemed desirable.
John P. Irish, as an expression of the !
views of the Banters' Association of Cali
fornia, adopted May last and reaffirmed
in December, cue red a declaration that
tbe present gold standard should be main
tained, and that any attempt to lower
that standard would be disastrous 10 every ;
class of people, and that only so much
silver and paper shall be Issued as the
country can consume, relieving the Gov- \
ernment of the responsibility of maintain- I
ins it at a parity with gold.
Eugene Levering of Baltimore, repre
senting a community noted for its con- |
servative banking methods, as evidenced, j
be said, by tbe fact that Baltimore bad j
had no bank failures for the past sixty j
years, presented a series of resolutions j
from that delegation declaring that legis- |
lation was necessary for the maintenance I
of the gold standard, cancellation of j
! United States legal tender note*, the j
I simultaneous creation of a safe and ex- '
i pansive currency upon the basis of the
j Baltimore plan.
S. T. Cadden offered a resolution favor
ing the establishment of postal savings :
banks.
T. B. Ted sum of Savannah, Ga., rre
senteJ what he described a- a modification
of the Baltimore plan, on the line of ad
ditional safeguards around ;h-2 issue of
notes. .It constitutes a statement of
finance consisting of three comptrollers, j
with a deputy in each State, to have charge i
of the publ.c notes and with authority to !
examine all Danks or issue.
Joseph S. Wood of Mount Vernon, N. V.,
offered a resolution declaring that inter- 1
national bimetallism ; was impracticable |
and could not be maintained; that silver <
dollars be legal tender at par for no larger
sum than $£0; that silver dollars,' silver
certificates and Sherman treasury, note*
may be exchanged for bonds bearing 2>£ ,
j per cent interest, convertible on demand
i into notes whicn shall be received lor j
custom duties; that silver bullion now in ;
j the treasury bhali be sold within the next ■
; five years.
K." J. Lowry of Georgia presented a
scheme prepared by, a bank official of At
i lanta, w..icu included a revival of State !
: banks as banks of issue, to be under the ;
i control, of the State?, while Congress
| should pass laws which would keep all I
kinds of money upon a parity.
Joseph hart on of Philadelphia offered
■ resolution declaring against any reduc- ■
tion of currency or the effecting of any ■
| currency now in circulation for any other i
that should not command pubic confi
dence. He said it was the duty of tbe
Government to provide a good, stable cur- j
rency — it cannot go cut of banking busi- j
i ness. _ _
W. R. Taigg of Richmond, Va., advo
cated the repeal of the 10 per cent bank
tax.
Representative C. N. Fowler of New Jer
sey uSertd a resolution providing for the
appointment of a committee, consisting of
a member from each 3 ate represented in
this convention, to co-operate with the
Congressional committees in | securing
financial legislation at the coming session
ofjConsress.
Mr. i-pra/ce, for the Commercial Club
of Chicago, preiented a declaration that
for the t*st interests of the country the
Government should go out of the beating
business.
The Toledo Prod nee Exchange ssnt a
request declaring it ;o be the duty of Con
gress to provide a safe and ample cur
rency.
Mr. Pringle of Jackson. Mich., offered a
resolution favoring the repeal of the State
bank tax.
E. V. Smalley of Minneapolis, referring
to the K)Btnu:ion of the
National Sound Money League immedi
ately foilo«ing the iate election and set
ting forth its object, offered a resolution
commending the league and its work.
Tne convention then, at 10:20 o'clock,
adjourned until to-morrow.
Charlrm K-mory futith Surprised.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 12.— !
Charles Emory Smith, who was Minister :
to Russia under Harrison, said that the
story telegraphed from Canton that his
name had been presented to President
elect McKinley as a candidate for Secre
tatj of ti.e Treasury is news to him. If
be is being favorably considered by the :
Presid^nt-eiect for a possible Cabinet posi- :
tion it is without solicitation on his part, •
and if any of Mr. Smitu'- friends nave '.
urged bis name on Major McKinley as a
candidate for any office Mr. Smith has not
been consulted in the matter.
Jlrary .Snr.xcilonn* in the Tar West.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 11— The heavy
snowstorm that struck Omaha about li
o'clock this foienoon was Leralded by
bulletins. The morning reports showed
that it was snowing all over Nebraska,
Kansas, Colorado, Montana and the Black
HiiJs. The enow was the heaviest thus
far tins winter and came in clouds. Late
to-night the wea;her moderated and a
heavy mist set in which covered every
thing with a coating of ice. Streetcar
traffic is interfered with and railroad
trains are all iate.
Wanted for Hobbing a Xewpaper.
OMAHA, If ebb., Jan. 12.— John C. Bar
nard, proprietor of the Omaha Mercury,
has filed a complaint against Ernest
Young, forrueny employed as a collector
for the paper, charging him with embez
zling 11113. Young left Omaha last Au
gust, returning to Salt Lake, where he
has since resided. Requisition pacers
have been prepared for Young's return
and the officer left for the West this after
noon with them. ,- '
-■-■ ;. ■ — - — » ,
He- Ltrctcd l'r'sidant of the Deputies.
PARIS. Fbaxcb. Jan. Henri Brys
son was re-eiect*d'Presideat of toe Cham
ber of Deputies today, receiving 295 votes.
~'V'. ' ' Z^i,'. • — ♦ — • ■ — - — ■
. TO CUKE A COLJ IVOXK DAT. 1 -'
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drag
gist* refund the money If it fails to care. 25c i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
ALLEN AND VILAS
AMUSE THE SENATE
Difference of Opinion as to
What Constitutes True
Democracy.
Keen Thrusts and Parries in
Discussing the Real Party
Platform.
Witty Interchanges During an Ani
mated Debate en the Home*
stead Bill.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 12.— After
the transaction of some routine morning
business the Senate at 12:15, on mction of
Sherman (ft.) of Ohio, proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. The
doors were reopened at 12:30 and legisla
tive business was resumed.
Hill (D.) of New York introduced a bill
filing the appointments of fourtb-ciass
postmasters at four years, except in cases of
tbe filling of vacancies by death, removal
or resignation, in which cases tbe appoint
ments are to be for the unexpired portion
of the term-
After some discussion the bill was re
ferred to th* Postoffice Committee.
Platt (R.) of Connecticut offered a reso
lution, which was aereed to, instructing
the Committee on Rales to consider the
practicability of abbreviating the daily re
ports of ttoe proceedings of Congress, as
published in the Record.
The resolution offered yesterday by Al
len (Pop.) of Nebraska, calling on the Sec
retary of the Navy for information as to
the enforcement of the eight-hour law by
contractors under the Navy Department
at Brooklyn and New York, was taken up
and agreed to.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire, who
had asserted yesterday that the law did
not apply to the contractors, confessed
that he had been wrong in that assertion.
The resolutions on which Proctor (R.)
of New Hampshire spoke yesterday, fixing
the Presidential term at six years and pro
hibiting re-election, were taken up to sire
an opportunity to Stewart (Pop.) of
Nevada to express bis views upon them.
He favored the prohibition of re-eiection,
but he considered the extension of the
term to six years as objectionable. He
woul-i much prefer to have the term lim
ited to two year?. The strain of a four
year election was about all that the coun
try could stand. If the President were
elected for two years he would come into
power in harmony with the Congress
elected at the same time.
Tne resolutions were referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The unfinished business being the House
bill for free homesteads on public lands
acquired from the various Indian tribes
was taken up. The bill ar&s advocated by
Nelson (R.) of Minnesota as a jasi exten
sion of the free homestead policy.
After Nelson took his seat Chandler (K.)
of Nexr Hampshire tresc-nSed a memorial
from Henry A. Dupori. claiming to have
been elected to a teat in the United States
Senate on May 9, 1895, and urging the re
opening of the question. The memorial
was referred to the Committee on Prtvi
leses and Elections.
The debate on the homestead bill was
resumed and Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska
made an argument in favor of the bill.
In commentmg on the declaration made
by Platt (R.) of Connecticut, when the
bill was iast under discussion, that be
would not be bound by t..e free- homestead
plank in the National Republican Conven
tion, Alien spoke in bitter terms of "good
men" meeting in convention and putting
forward principles for the purpose of get
ting votes and being bound by the declar
ation?.
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts challenged
the use of phrase "good men" aa applied
to such people.
"Perha; b," said Allen, "I should have
quarried my statement by saying "good
men in other respects.''
"And scoundrels in that respect," Hoar
suggested.
'Not necessarily so," Allen replied,
"politicians in tnat respect."
"I should say scoundrels," Hoar per
sisted.
"Possibly the Senator would," said
Alien. "He ia plainer in his language
than I am."
In closing his speech Allen spoke of the
! existing "reign of bankruptcy" being the
| logical consequences of the finaucia:
: policy of the Government, and he sug
; seated the adoption of a policy that would
! be fair and just to all.
Villas (D.) cf Wisconsin said that al
| though the pending bill dia not attract
'■ much attention it v. a* a bill tbat proposed,
i according to the report of the Secretary
i of the Interior, to surrender $35,000,000 in
I money which was. in part at ieast, due on
j contracts already made between the Gov
< ernment and settlers on the public lands.
j It was about to bestow on individuals
] in «maii sums, varying from $160 to $450,
!an aggregate very large in amount. It
| would therefore seem to require strong
! reasons (granting the power of Congress)
to justiiy its passage.
We proceeded to rehearse In detail the
history of the homestead lav and to state
reasoiis why the pending bill should not
| be passed.
Allen interrupted Vilaswith a question
: as to the homesiead plank in the Chicago
j platform.
"If teat platform," Vilas replied, "is
the one I understand it to be, I will say
tnere is almost nothing in it tbat is not
inimical to the interest of the United
Slates."
"I suppose," said Pettigrew, "that the
j Republican platform, wuicb is meant, is
I tne one the Senator from Wisconsin
i supported."
"By no means," said Vilas. "I sup
j ported the platform adopted at Indianap
olis, and if there is one sentence, line or
word in that platform not found in Dem
ocracy I would Jifce to have it pointed
out."
Allen was about to read from the
Chicago platform when Vilas interrupted
him and said the Democratic platform was
the one adopted at Indianapolis.
"lam reading, " sa:d Allen, "from the
regular Democratic platform and not from
the Indianapolis rump platform." He
added, "Is the Senator pleased with Wis
consin going Republican last year?"
"I most cordially approve," saiu Vila*,
"the determination of the people of Wit-
I con»in, who by a majority of 110,000 in a
I voting population of a little over 400,000,
cast their votes against a policy detrimen
tal to the interests of the United States."
"Then the Senator," Allen insisted,
"approves the election of McKinlev and
the success of the Republican party?"
'I am not interested iv political quips,"
Vilas replied. "'There was no step taken
last campaign that brings reproach to
me."
'•That is the same pies that Wat Tyler
made," Alien put in.
"The action of certain other persons,"
Vilas retorted, "might have warranted
tbe same. I performed my political duties
as I saw them, and 1 nave no explanation
to make. The Indianapolis platform was
founded throughout on Democracy."
Vilas then proceeded with his argument
against t c bill, tbe passage of which, he
said, won.'d lay tbe foundation for a de
mand for the repayment of all the money
heretofore paid to tbe Government by set
tlers on Indian land-.
Pcffer (Pop.) of Kansas followed in ad
vocacs- ot the bilL In a digression to show
tbe wealth of the State of Kaa»as, he de
clared that die peop.e of that State were
as honest and as enterprising as they ever
were, and that, although they were now
under a cloud, they would come out rieht
at tbe end.
The bill went over without action and
tne Senate at 5:30 went into executive
session, shortly after adjourning until
to-morrow.
CHICAGO CELESTIALS ALARMED.
Anxious to Be Rid of a Highbinder Juat
Released From the State
Pen it en tiarj.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 12.— For two nights
not a Chinaman in mil Chinatown has
dared to close his eyes in sleep for fear of
being robbed or murdered. The cause of
ail this fear and trembling is the presence
in tne city of Yung Nooy, who was
r*cer.tiy released from the Joliet peniten
tiary.
Nooy was convicted of highway robbery
and went to tbe penitentiary lor a term of
two years- His victim was a brother
Chinaman, and so incensed were his
countrymen that they made up a purse
and secured an attorney to assist in the
prosecntion of Yung. After his conviction,
Yung swore to have revenge on all China
men who in any way assisted in his con
viction.
Last Saturday Yung was released from
the penitentiary and at once returned to
Chicago. When be made his appearance
in Chinatown Saturday evening the great
est consternation prevailed. During Sat
urday and Sucdav nights there was no
sleep in Chinatown. Early yesterday
morning a committee waited on Yung and
asked him if he wouid teturn to San
Francisco, provided he was furnished with
moncv to pay nis way. Yung said be
would do so, and the committee called on
Chinese merchants and iaundrymen and
soon secured tbe sum of $50.
Tbe sum was riven to Yung yesterday
afternoon with tne understanding that
he was to leave Chicago at 9:30 o'clock
last night. During the eveniug Wong
Chong Foo. editor of the Chinese News,
became suspicious that Yung wouid Dot
keep his promise, and at 8:30 o'clock hur
ried to the Harrison- street stauon in
search of a poiiceman. Wong explained
to the officer that Yung was then in a
Clark-street resort, and he wanted the offi
cer to frighten Yung out of the city.
An officer accompanied Wong, bat it
was found that Yung had made bis es
j cape. Then began a search for him. Every
Chinaman on Clark street, between Van
Buren and Harmon, turned detective,
and every basement and garret Tvere
searched.
An hour later he was again found in a
basement at 313 Clark street, and this time
the officer secured him. Then it was that
I Yunc explained that he had spent the en
tire $50 given him and was unable to get
out of town. Wong Ci.onz 100 swore out
a warrant for Yung, charging him with
obtaining money by fa.se pretenses and
be was locked up in the Harrison-street
station.
So anxious are the Chinamen to be rid
of Yung that when his ca-e is called in
the Harrison-street Police Court this
morning they will allow turn to choose
between another term in prison and ban
ishment to San Francisco. Should ne
choose the latter another purse will be
made. A railroad ticket will be purchased
for him and he will be taken :rom tbe
Harrison-street station by an officer and
placed on the train which will bear him
away Jrom Chicago.
COLORADO'S y£tr~Gori:Bxoß.
Bit Inaugural Address Call* for Rigid
-  :■ -!.■ ■;-. V -Economy. • • ..- •;•.---- ;■'-♦
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 12.— The simplest
and most unpretentious inauguration in
the history of Colorado was that of Gov
ernor Adams at noon to-day. j The onl v :
expense was $3 for printing tickets of ad
; mission to the capital. The inaugural ad- \
dress _of the Governor demands rigid
economy in State affairs.:
Alva Adams was , born in Wisconsin in
1850. He modestly describes his education
as a "log-schoolhouse education.'' He
came to Colorado in 1871, and in January,
1-7.'. started a hardware business in Colo
rado Spring*, and soon after transferred it
it to Pueblo. From this center he has or
ganized branch houses in various parts of
the State, putting them under the charge
of young : men whom be has selected ana
trained for the purpose. -He has the repu
tation of having : done in , this way more
than any other man in the State to pro
mote its welfare. Governor * Adams has
not ' become rich, but he has made many*
others rich. , <
His inteilectual growth has Kept pace
with bis prosperity. He has one of the
best private librar.es in the State. It is a
working library, especially rich in book?
on practical questions, such as economics
and sociology.
He has always been a Democrat, but
was eiecteU Governor in 1887 by a union
of tbe best elements in tae State regard
iess of party .ines. Tne simple, straight
forward business administration which be
pave In 1887-89 i« a guarantee that his ad
ministration in 1597-99 will be one of in
telligent and conservative progress.
MAUI)L> OK MASOti?
Intcrettlng Fight in Frogrtua for the
Jliinoin Senatort hip.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 12.— The
Senatorial tignt is still the ail-absorbing
topic among the members of the general
Assembly and politicians in general. The
forces of botn Madden and Mason have
been exerting every possible influence to
day to secure enough support to insure
tne nomination of the man of their
choice. Many conferences have been held
during tbe day, prominent among which
was a lengthy conference of the Cook
County supporters of Madden, in which
they thought they might possibly get the
few anti-Madden Cook County members
into line.
The Mason forces, nearly fifty in num
ber, held a conference in ilia quarters this
aftt-rnoon and compared votes. Tlsey left
Mr. Mason feeiing very confluent, and
they are bold to assert to-night that they
pre certain of success. It is rumorel that
Representative Schubert has forsaken
Madden and identified himself with tbe
Mason crowd. A conference of party
leaders is now being held which may re
salt in interesting developments later.
BJHSA'S UE*LTH rAll.l>e.
Great btrnin of the Campaign Telia on
■hr Jtepublienn J.*ud--r
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. ' 12.— Chair
man'Hanna is not the man with the pierc
ing eye, the ruddyjjeheeic and the springy
step that went to Washington & week ago.
He fcupervites headquarter* in £a .- half
beartea way/. Care lis i pictured >in s every
line of his j pallid face. Ti,e listless ' air
with which he works at his desk is noticed
by everybody, and there is abundant evi
dence that his health is giving out under
the : terrible ' load , of responsibilities. ; He
strenuously denies that be is on the ver*e
of a breakdown, but admits s that he has
a severe cold. He had almost made up
his mind three weeks ago to take a short
vacation at his winter < home in Thomas- !
vilie. Ga., but decided to stick • to the field
until his work r was over. , Since \ then he
has been working ten hours a day. , V '
Srnattr Plntt Hill bueceed Himself.
HAKTFORft, C6SX., Jan. 12.— The Re
publican caucus to-day nominated Senator
Piatt to succeed himself for six yearn.
The Democrats nominated Joseph B. Sar
gent of New Haven.
NICARAGUA CANAL
BILL COMING UP
House Committee on Rules
Gives an Audience to
Promoters.
Pacific Coast Representatives
Explain the Commercial
Advantages.
Should the Measure Be Reported It
Wi!l Undoubtedly Pass bj a
Large Majority-
WASHINGTON. D. C Jan. 12.— The
Hou-a Committee on Rales to-day gave
an audience to a number of Represecta
tiyes and Senators who are interested in
the Nicaragua canal bill. Among those
present were Representatives Herman
and Ellis of Oregon, Doolittie of Washing
ton, Loud, Bowers, Baroam and HU
bom of California, Joy of Missouri, Ma
hon of Pennsylvania and Senators Mo-
Bride and Perkins of Oregor. and Califor
nia, respectively.
Doolittie, who is a member of the House
Commerce Committee, which framed ihe
measure, read it at length and explained
its various sections. He was interrupted
from time to time by various members of
the Rues Committee, wbo questioned
him closely upon the practicability of the
scheme, the engineering difficulties to be
encountered, the cost of the waterway
and the effects of the Government's guar- |
an tee of the bonds. -
Borne douDt being expressed as to the
feasibility of the canal, Doolittie there
upon explained to the committee how
thoroughly toe engineer officers of the
Maritime Canal Company had surveyed
the route and how fully their work was
supplemented by that of the special en
gineer commission which went to Nica
ragua for the same pnrpose in July, 1?95.
He showed that the United States Engi
neer Commission was satisfied that the
canal could be built, but that the only
difference between them and the Mari
time Company was as to the sum neces
sary to complete it.
Speaker Reed explained at one point in
the proceedings that he had always been
satisfied with the practicability of the en
terprise; that he was partial to any legis
lation that would benefit the Pacific Slope,
in which he was always interested, and
that he did not doubt its great benefit to
the people residing on boih the Atlantic
and Pacific slopes. But he desired infor
mation concerning the atmospheric and
physical conditions to be encountered,
and be inquired particularly as to the pos
sibility of cloudbursts and earthquakes.
To these queries Mr. Doolittie replied,
quoting from the report made by the reg
ister office as veil as the reports Oi the
Maritime Company.
If the Rules Committee should permit
the bill to come Up for discussion it will,
it is claimed, pass by a large majority, aa
it is understood to have the support of all
the Republicans except a score or so and
a coin sixty of the Democrats iv addition.
HDDYAN
Is the mightiest of all blood pnri*
fiers and the grandest tonic this century
has seen. And it never fails.
HDDYAN "
Is the only certain specific in cases
of nervousness : and that iialf-paralyxed j
state of the organs of life. .
HDDYAN
Is : the great and true remedy
which hundreds of sufferers from lost
vitality praise as nncqoaled.
HDDYAN
Is just what you need if '. you have
a weak beck, or if you feel premature de-
cay or lack of life.
HDDYAN
Is the only purely vegetable and
therefore safe remedy * for maiignan*
disease. No after effects.
HDDYAN
•' ls . regarded as one of the greatest
discoveries of the century. . Try it and
prove bow true tr-.is is.
HDDYAN
Is what you need if you have pim-
ples, sores or any skin disease. Cures in
thirty days, too. ' "
HDDYAN
Is an absolute cure for kidney and .
bladder > ailments,' an i you can rest as- ,
sured thai it will animate. . :
HDDYAN
11 U UJL All
■t Is the only., perfect liver regulator, !
li saves you. because it " makes all your
organs active an i ; sound. '-'.'-' -
HDDYAN
r , Is as swift in action as the electric
| current. ; It goes right to the very root of
' disease. Cures and heals. -
ntit\viiM
HDDYAN
. Is the property exclusively of the
; Hudson Medical Institute, at 5 Stockton
I street. There only can you get it ;:"
;- Circulars of the great Hud van are sent
I free to a! 1 who choose to at for them or
i who will take the pain* tto write •■ (or
them The Ku 'son Me Krai Institute In
1 a the junction or Stockton, Market and
i Kills streets. tio there and tee the
> doO*or>.
HEW TO-DAT— DHY GOODS. ..'_._ _ '
CITYOFt&PARIS!
IMMENSE REDUCTION SALE
BLACK JACKETS, lined with silk - $2.50
MIXED CHEVIOTS, in gray and tan. ... $3.50
BOUCLE JACKETS, latest cut. ......... $6.00
HANDSOME FRENCH EMBROIDERED
CAPES, tan and black ..^. •• • • •••••- $7.50
NAVY BLUE AND BLACK KERSEY,
lined throughout with silk • $10.00
TAILOR-MADE OUTING SUITS ...... $10.00
ALL GARMENTS AND SUITS reduced,
HALF PRICE.
BROKEN LINES OF LADIES', GENTS' AND CHILDREN'S UNDER-
« WEAR AT HALF PRICE.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
SE HABLA 3D S IF 3 -A. INTO Hi.
>•
' G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Comer Geary Street, and Grant Ayenne.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles.
lOTKE I.WIfHG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
rpHE MAYOR AKD COMMON COUNCIL OF
J. the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of San Jose." eu*_.
passed on tee 21st day of December, 1896, and
I aporoved on the 23d- day of December, 1896,
1 ordained that there should be isaned by said city
; of San Jose six hundred . high school building
* bonds, of the denomination of (125 each, and four
I hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of *100
each, both daises of bonds to bear interest at tb9
I rate of -.^2 ler cent ncr annum, payable semi-
! annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
; notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
, now therefore -.: ■■ - <■■■ ..'■
I Public notice Is hereby given that the City of .San j
' Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds afore**, d. i
| atMi that sealed proposals will be received a; the
: office of said City Clerk, at the City Hall in San
> Jose. I'aUfornia. ■ until the hoar of eight o'c ock
I p. m.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 {.at
1 which time, or as soon thereafter as said Ma;, or
■ and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
i will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
I any part of said high school building and sewer
■ bonds, or either tnereot £ald bonds are to bear
i date June 1. 1897. and the Interest thereon . wtw
paid seml-annualljr on the first day if December
and the first day of Jane | of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable In gold cola or
lawful money of the United States.
Said high school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively from one to forty, both in-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*:
the first series is to include those bonds which axe
cambered from one to -fifteen, both inclusive, and
each, succeed ing series is to inclnde, the fifteen j
■ bonds numbered consecutively after those Id- i
eluded in the next preceding series. -j -->. •
i Said sewer bonds sba:i oe numbered consecu- (
j tively from one to four hundred, both inclusive,
; and b divided .into :orty series numbered ■■on- .
I secutively from one to forty, both inclusive, each
' series consisting of ten bonds: the first aer:es Is to •
I Include thos« bonds which are numbered • f rcra
! one to ten. both inclusive, and each . succeeding
series is to include the ten bonds numbered con-
i secutively after those included in the next pre- '
| ceding series.
; ■;- The first series :of said high school bnildin?
i bonds and said sewer toads sh .ill be made payable
! oa the first day of June, Ib9B. an* one of the re- ;
! main ing series is to be made : payable en the first
i day or June in each succeeding caendar year i
j thereaf.er, until and including the ye^r 1937. »
! Said bonds are to be made payaole to th* order cf ;
I the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of ,
i said bonds there i* to be attached interest-bearing !
i coupons, double in number to :be number of yrars '
I whicn such bond has to ran before its maturity.' .
1 Proposals mast state the price offered, the descrip-
. tion of the bond* desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to th* order of the Mayor of caid City, for at
I least ten per cent of the amount bid, said cheer to I
be returned to bidder in | case the bid is not ac- -
cepted. Tee purchase money for said bonds shall ■
be paid in gold coin of the - United : states within ■
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rijh: i
to accept any or all bids and to rej-c: any or all i
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re-
served. J- W. COOK, City C.erk. .
Dated January 23. 1897. - i
cosmopol.it aw.
i Opposite U. S. Mint. 100' and 103 Fifth *t, Saa
Franc Cat.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room Si, (1 23 and $1 50 per ;
day, according . to room. Meals 25c Rooms 909
sad 76c a day. Free coach to aod from the tto.aL
Icost tor the coaca bearing the nam* of the Co»
saopcUtaa HtTT 1 Wa KAMMX, Pronrwot.
%:■ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRiSCip&IORIBPi.
CIFIC RULffIY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry-Foot of Market St.  ;
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11KW a. it: H*'
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. x. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11 -.30 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and 11:30 P. X.
6CNDAYS-8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. x.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00. 6:20 P. X.
San Rafae- to Kan Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. it-
-13:45. 3:40, 5 -.10 P. x. Saturdays— Extra trial
at 1:55 P. x. and 6:35 p. x.^^ x««a«ip« '
SUNDAYS— 8: so. 9UU 11:10 A. x.; UiO, 3:41
6*o, 635 P. It I--..-.':----:- , ..-- -t. 1
Between San Francisco and Schaetsea Park ■*"»» i
schedule as above.
~ Leave ■ ""tTZfI^T ! Arrive ~~
San Francisca j ■'odTl? San Francisca
• Wmk Bns- Destmatlon. Bcjt-: I Wwsk, j
Pats, | days. j """Baaon. | j^^^ I Days. j
7:30 ax ; B KM) ax Novato, : 10:40 am: 8:« ah j
3:30 9:30 ah Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 ax
MO pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm . 6:22 px
! I Fulton, ~~ : "" . .-- ' j
7^oaji Windsor, 10:25 ax i
Healdsburg,
i ytton, ■ j
' GeyserviHe,
3:30 px 8:00 am l Cloverdale. 7^6 px . 6:23 px
" ! : I Pieta. i*"i. . - • .
Hopland <& :
7:30 am 8:00 ax Ukiah. j 7:35 px 6:23px
I 7.30 a x ' ■<i■-\ i ■ .■ ■--vj ,-;■-:..,. ■■ :■ 10:25 ax
8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:35 pm!
8:30 rx .- i- i ■'■-._ ". ■■.-.■ j'v> -\- I 6:22 px '
7:30 am '8. ax Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
| : ■ - and ,-.- >■
6:10 pm 15:00 px Glen Kllen. | 6:10 pm 6 :22 PX
7:30 am 8:00 am gebasto |10:*0 ax|10:2. ax
I PM 5:00 PM pcp *«OpOL 1.6:10 pm! 8:22 px
Stages connect at . Santa 1 Rosa ■ for f Mark Wen
Springs: lat Geyservnie ■, for ■; Skages ' Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta lor Hl?hlaaJ
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay ■ and take por:; a:
EopUnd for . Lakeport ■ and . Cart att Spring*: as :
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Pouer |
Valley. John Day's. * Rivers:-)*, Lleriey's, Back-
nell's, Sanhedrin t Heights, HullviUe, Boonevaia.
Greenwood, Git's Hot » Springs, Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, ' Westport, * Usal, Wlllets. Cahto.- Co- i
vela Laytonville. Harris, Scotia aDd Kureka. ■ i
(Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redacM
rates. '■ ■ : -. ' - •->.— : .-- ■. . ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all ' points 09-
-jond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle twlldinj.
H. ft WHITING, X X. BTAS,
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agent .
mm TpLPiisrl
Co^t^^f^ W^ 1 North ;p aclflo
j WEEK DAYS-LeaveVF.sa^ a. x. '1:4% '£* I
--V-.Kf^nlng-Arrive »• '*• 3:25 p x. ,6:20 p xT
YS- Leave S.F. Ba. X 11:30 a.m. 1-3i/»iZ
Betnrnlng-ArriveS.F.l:ls p.m 4:20 p.m. 7:35, It
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or -.-; ; '•••*«
,T. HOs - COOK * SON'S, 621 Market at.. a F '
Kill V alley and Mount Tamalpais bceaic itaUwaj. !
RAILROAD TBAVEXJ _
SOI'TIIKB> MCiriC-*CO3IFA»T.
(racinc srsuuf.)
Train* Irarr mid are «l«o do arrlre at.
«A>' I'UAXfI-SfOt
xayi: — . Faou JjjrcxMiY 1. 1537. — A*»rr»
*S:O«a Nilca. Saa Jose and Way S»tkm»... *»*»*
7:OOa Atlantic Express, OrJ«" and >.*tt.. *«3p
7s»«a Beaicia, YacaTilie, Bnxcaer. Sao»«
icecto. OroTuie aad Esddlcs «» „_
"Dmri5... ...:....;:.. VV."...^.-;..-- • :43?
7:»» a Martinez. SanK*a>ca.ValleJo,:»apa, ___
•:.-. CalatogaaEdSacta Boa* 6i13»
»:2O« >"i: 3. Kin Jos«-. Stock tOU, looe,
■ Sacmßcato. UaijirfUe,: Chico. ■>
T^Lam» tad Red Bluff Sll r
'*: 39 a Peters a»l 5i1Un.........;.:...... ».:13r
»-.»« a >Vx Orleans Impress. Raymond (lor !
Yoassttte}. rrecuo. BakeaStl-S.
. Santa I Sat • on. I<r-s Attacks, Deja-
i"s, El Pa*©, Hew Orleans tad r ;
Eart. .. . 4:43 r
feO«A Martinez and fciodctcsi.. ..—.;.--.. 4:4-p
•IOOAVtUejo...... .'..- 6:13P
....... Mii«s, San Jose, liTenaon sad
St«*ton.. 7 -l' p
•I^«p Bvran«BK> Eirar .Steuiwn »»:no?
Ir9Op Nils, San Jose and 1 jrcnacrs »>43a
' f 1 : 39 ? Port OoatA mud Way Station* ti 3 7
4:OOr Martina. San lUnxxi. ■,• VaJlejo. "- - '
X»-.ii. Calulosa, . Xl Vetmuo ana
.^iuul^i.. .V... ....... •:!•■**
4:»Or Besicia, Ya«TiUe. Woo<Uaa% i
X .^hts L*ixiiiifc MaiTiriUe, Oro-
• *:!> an«rs«araiiieii*o J ~ 11:13 a
.- 4 : Zo r L»throp. Stockton. Modesto, Mer-
. ced and Fresno, gain »i» KHea, ,__._
retgrclagTUMinHn... ......... lifts*
StOOrlxe Audits Zxj>rr». Tncr,
- Fresno, Saota, Barbara and La*
Ange1ea. .................."..-...... I«*4»a.
StOOp Santa Fa ltonte. Atlantic Express
for ami Kasfc. .'.. Jo^43a.
S:<M»r Kiicopsau Mai!. Oc^cii and Kaat.... 9:4**
, 6:UOi- Harward9b>*UeaaJMl bau Jaw 7:1", «,
}7:OOp Vaatjo.l V. .'. .. t7543-
-> ~MUr On«on Kcprns^bacnawsito, Wsiyftr - — '"%M-i_.
■Tilie. KeAlUif. ;-.irtUii.!. rn-^iS - '. .„
.~oi«iil an.l K-ut . 1 1:13-1
fl»*Ml "fluail : limited." ' Fresno, I<os
Assies, Hi Paa% "Sew Orieacs -
aaaEaat.^::....;..^..v.;—;.— {1»»43y
SXJti A IK I Z PIVI>I»N Niirrow ttangf .
»tI»A «»t«rTiU',San.l««.Fe(ton.
Boniarr Cnek,SanU 'nuand Way
5titi0DM:....:.......:.:..:....:... 3i3*r
•a:l3rXewart. C«iterTiiie, SaaJose.Xew .
Aimxden, FcUon, IV -uMer Crtei,
Santa Crax aud Frioeiral Way
SUtkioa .. Ml:*»a
4:13r Newark. aod Ixj» <Ut«a... 9:30 a
f 11:13p Ecaten* Excnnioa. Baa Jose aad ■
WtyBtat;oa» ...... ...........;... V*s29t
t:oANT,mrtsl»X (TUirJ * Tawns*»d St«.)
fi?-»^» ail', Jose »tj.l Hay t; rTIT (Ne»
Almadea WclDssdiyscßly)....... itSO?
rAimitlni Weda«sdays only) Cnu. l*Mv
3a Ran Jose. Trea riuoa, K.»u Oroa.
-. rarii-c Grorc. Paao Italic*, baa
LuU OUspo, Gnadalupe, £ erf ami
: • Principal Way 5tatinna .......... TrOOp
19:40.\ "in Ti i mil Way "lll in— . ....... s^)Op
1 1:30 a Palo A:to ami Way S'xtioua 3:30"
- *«:3«r Saa Mates, Medo Park. *fcai Joses,
Gilroj. Trea Pinos, &wta Cro=. .- - .
Satia£vMont«Ty mud PaoficGroTo 'JOitO*.
•3:3ar Saa Jose aad Way 5UU005 ........ 9:43 a
Gflroj. Trot Pino*. :vmta Cmr.
BaliDas.Mont«Tej uid I^aciScGroTe Uifk
p Sati Jum and Way ataUaoa »>43a
•I:3opSsh Jeae anJ Way StaUooa *S:*3a
5:SOr San Jose atxl PrtadHl Way Statiooa «S*43a
: fi:SOr SaaJcMaod WaySUtioM 6:33 a,
11:13; Sao Jote auil Way Stalinou f?*43p
V4> LKAM'KU A>l» HAVHABI»> UW AL. "
i^6:t>or; '. ! ~ /" 7:13 a
8:O«a \ * ' Mli
12!22ti KelrOM,S*»SmirjP.rk, j ftjg*
3iOOp —4 ' • 4j«3p
" 4:OOp * SC 1 . S^?
*!gr Haprßnta. «-^^
7:»Op . . "»^45»
9:lH>p • Rsus thrcujh ta N3ea. ' loi^S?
ttll;lspj tFroaiXaei. \ »>lte—
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton SIS WHOSO— if lUrk«t Strwt (fits $>-
•7:15 ShCO UMkJt. ti^a 'Sic H£3
•4rM J5:00 «6:33PJi.
rrsaOllUl^— r»»t»fEr»»aTij.— *&C 0 S^O
•-l<W»iji. tl2:C3 •: :: ' i«3 «3^3 tv«
.- «s^3rji. : .-
A for Morning. P far Afternoon.
• Sundijs axcetwed. t Satardajl only.
I Sssdayi only.'
_ J- ft Monday. Thursday ao«I Saturday night* only.
Uavdaya and Saturday*- 4 Sundays ana Thursdays,
Atlantic
Trains leave aal *rri7j « ?*£§ ; vSs3Rff£i£3i*»l
ataxit«vsire«t Ferry.
SISTA FE EXPRESS.
To Direct Live ** p *^*^^^3«
• da ly a: 5:)0r. M..carrvlne Pullman Pa!aca
Pr«wln s -ro..m aad .Modern Up-.o'stervd ToarUt
fcieeplnKH^r* wtich «a dally thrc^«a to CTucTS
ETai^* o***0 *** at Ana « car* for Denver aid i?
''■-■ Bosion K.xcarslons. va Kansas oi-r runn
Moatr^l aad the Wnito l«vVt^S
i The best railway "from California te the East
New wiUs, new ties: do dost: Interesting «ener7 .
j ana good mew in Harvey', dluing-roomk
i Sanirancisco Ticket Office. 644 Market
St.. Cnronlcle r.uilding. Telephone Main
1531. Oakland.' Ills Broad. way.
IOETH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via s>au«»lito Ferry).
IMb San Fiandsoo, Commeacias Sejtw 1& IS9\
| WC£JU)AT»
For Sim VaUry and San Kafa*:-*Ttl», *9tl^
11:00 a.m. »1:45, 3:45, •»ils.*J:44.tf :30 P »
Extra trips for Ban Raf»»l on atoodayi. AVedae#
: «ayaaad Saturdays a: 11:30 r. M.
■-■': ' -'■'< ''■>'■::-.-% BOXDAY4 - '-'
Tot Mm ,Valler aad P«n Kafa«l-»«K»O, : *10«
•11:80 a. it : *1:BO. 3:00. »4:SO. 6:16». «.
Trains marked • run to san Qaentln. -
: ' THROUGH TRAINS.
' For Po!bt Reyes and war station*— 7;SJ a, a\
Weekdays, 8«0 a. m. Sunday*. 1:44 ■ it tain*
lay a. v v.1.,^, '.;■■-. ■ , ,-.-:^>-. I .m» . ■
.-■ t«r Casadoro and war station*— 7 a. a\ waa»
<ay»i i:45 r. at. taiardaya, ■ -
THE SAS F&4ICISCO AID SIS J9.IQCU
TALLEI iAimV 10IPAU.
T7ROMJAXCARY 1, 1897. pasaen^r train*
J.\ will, run dally, excepting Sunday : .- , t«->
Soatabooad. ' - >:*i oni. -Northtooad.
|^:7:2j a, it .V......;.5t0ci;t0a.'........^6:40 f m.
[ v9:J9a« ..'..Merced S-i4p* m
£ 11:60 a k....... .Fresno...... i-io »"n.
■ For intermediate stations ttm«-table
- Connecting steamboats of th* C N. ,i& L tv.
I«*t« San Fran, isco «:»•». m. daitr, ureaUci
: Saturday, and Stookton itSRIL daily, except in *SENATOR FOLEY'S
SLAYER FREED
Mrs. Alice M. Hartley of
Reno Restored to
Liberty.
Granted a Pardon After Nearly
Two Years of Life in a
Penitentiary.
Two Supreme Court Justices Declare
That the X T.ing Was
Justifiable.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 12.— Mrs. Alice M.
Hartley, who snot and Killed Stale Sena
tor M. D. Foley at Reno two years ago, is
a free woman. The application for a par
don was granted by the State Board of
Pardons. The grounds on which the
board based :ts action weie that the
shooting was justifiable, as Foley had
wronged her; that she bad been suffi
ciently punished, and that she had a
child to raise. Those voting in favor of
the pardon were Governor Sadler and Su
preme Court Justices Bonn held and Mas
; sey, and upposed were Justice Belknap |
and Attorney-General J. R. Judge.
r Senator Foley was killed on the upper
lioor oi his own bank building in Reno.
Mrs. Hartley had opened a studio there a
Jew months belore and was an artist of fair
ability. Being a woman of good* educa
tion and engaging manners, she was soon
received into the best society in Reno.
Foley became a frequent visitor at her !
rooms, and, it is said, became infatuated
with her.
One afternoon several shots were ljeard
in her room and Foley staggered down- i
stairs with two bullets in his body and
dropped on the sidewalk, where be died.
He was able to speak after he was shot,
but said nothing regarding the tragedy or
the causes that led to if.
Mrs. Hartley was tried and convicted of
murder in the second degree and sen
tenced to eleven years in the penitentiary, j
A few months after the killing she tave j
birth to a child, which she swore was j
Senator Foley's. She testified in court '
that her wine was drugged by Foley and
her ruin accomplished by this means.
Foiey was the leading business man of
Reno and very enterprising, but generally
disliked throughout the State because of
his aggressive disposition, his treacherous
nature and his contempt of the honor of
. women. His "affairs" were so numerous i
that his death by the pistol route had
been predicted for years.
Petitions came from all over the State in
behalf of the pardon of Mrs. Hartley, and
one signed by fifteen of JKoley's former
acquaintances recommended that the
State give his slayer a medal. There were
also petitions against her pardon, but not
numerously signed.
A couple of months ago a suit was j
brought on behalf of the child against (be i
Foley estate in the United States District
Cuiirt. The plaintiff lacked but one vote
of a verdict and the same case will now
| come up Dgain. i
MOURNING IN MERCED.
Editor Thcmas harr.s, Senior Proprietor
of the Siar, Passes to the
Beyond.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 12.— Thomas Harris,
the Eenior partner of the firm of Harris
Bros., prot rietors of the Merced Star,
died at his home in Merced this evening,
after a long illness. During the past year
his heal'.h had been failing, and during a
part of the summer be sought the moun
tains to recuperate. After returning to
his desk he was again compelled to take a
rest, when he went to San Francisco about
six weeks ago for medical treatment. A
week ago he returned to his home, and
since then had been slowly sinking.
Mr. Harris wa? one of the best known
printers and newspaper men on the coast
In years gone by he was a compositor on
the leading dailies in San Francisco, Sac
ramento and Virginia City. He had been
a resident of Merced for twenty-one years,
and had been in the newspaper business
during all of that time, in 1880 he estab
lished the Merc-d Siar in company with
Li* brother, and since th.it time "he de
voted a'l of his energy to that paper.
Mr. Harris was a man who made many
friends and retained their friendship
throughout his life by his warm-hearted
ness, integrity and jtrong sympathies. His
word was his ffond. and bis character was
above insinuation. His death causes
tr»-me regret r.mong the citizensof Merced.
He was prominent In ah affairs tending to
promoie the interests of the community
in which lie resided, and was director of
the Agricultural Association of this dis
trict. He was also a member of the Re
publican County Central Committee, and
Was prominent in the councils of the party
In this section. He was 52 years of age
and unmarried.
ON TRIAL AT NAPA.
"John Dodge Arraigned io Answer for the
Murder of Rancher Mudgett
of Usaf.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 2.— The trial of John
Dodge, charged with the murder of John
A. H. Mud^ett, a v.eallhy rancher of
Usal, in the northern part of this county,
began to-cay. Dcdge is accused of hav
ine, on' October 28 last, killed Mudgett on
the latter's ranch, and subsequently, in
company with his wife, Ida Dodge, S3t fire
to his Victim's house in an attempt to cre
mate the body. Two weeks later Dodge
confessed at Willits to Deputy Sheriff
Han, District Attorney Sturievant «md
Court Reporter Held. He describfid in
detail the shooting of Mu«:gett, as well as
the subsequent robbery and the burning
of the body, but staled that he shot
Mudgett in defense of his own life.
The confession was repeated by Dodge
to Sheriff Johnson upon his arrival here,
and a similar story was at that time told
by Dodge's wife.
Tuo regular venire of forty talesmen
SHOULD RECOGNIZE CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 12,— The following communication has been mailed :
"lion. William McKinUv. President-elect of the United States, Canton. Ohio— My Dear
, The State Central Committee of this State, composed of one member from every
I A^enilly district, and constitutes the most thoroughly repiesentutive Republican
1 organization within the State, respectfully invite your attention before you finally de
>l rmine upon the membership of your Cabinet to the justice of California's c.iaim to
recognition, and request that you appoint one of her citizens a member thereof.
"Tne committee does not consider it either eood politics or good taste to desig
nate to you any particular individual upon whom the Honor may be bestowed, but
assures you that upon whomsoever your choice may fall his appointment will receive
their unanimous and most cordial approval and your administration their steadfast
loyalty. Very respectfully yours, Fbank McLau<juli>', Chairman."
was exhausted late this afternoon, ten.
jurors having been sworn. At the even
inc session tne remaining two jurors were
sworn from a special venire. The case is
being tried before Judge J. M. Mannon.
A lar^re number of witnesses are in town.
Rube Noble, a picturesque character and
a brother of Ida Dod^e, arrived late last
evening with two of his sisters, all mounted
on spirited horses. The town presents
much the same appearance as during the
Liulefield-Palmer- white feud trials.
STANFORD'S TRACK TEAM.
Training for the Intercollegiate Contests
Will Be Commenced at
Once.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
12.— There was great rejoicing among the
tracs men when it \va3 learned this morn
ing that J. F. King had been engaged as
coach ana trainer for the team. The
cinder track surrounding the gridiron has
been put into excellent condition, and
regular training will commence to-mor
row. Charles Dole, captain of the Stan
ford track team, i'< much pleased with the
outlook for track and field athletic3on the
coast. The prospect of an Eastern trip
will encourage tue men to do their best
during the entire season. The men will
do iight work uutil February 1, when
Coach King is expected to arrive.
Of last year's team Joe Bernard, George'
Toombs, Ralston Wilbur, C. R. Frazier,
J. Colliver, A. H. Jack, H. B. Reynolds
and Dave Brown nave either graduated or
have already competed four times in an
intercollegiate event, thus being debarred
according to a provision of an intercol
legiate agreement. Their absence creates
vacancies hard to fill and Stanford must
rely on her new men to till the ranks.
The following haVe signified their inten
tion of trying lor places on the team:
Chester Murphy, Salem, Or., 220-yard hurdle
27J<. 120-yard hurdle, broad juuii».
K'Birich, S. B. H. S., 100-yard dash lO.'/a sec
onds, 120-yard hurdie 17 seconds.
P. McDowell, Ashland, H. S.. 220-yard dash
23 3-5 seconds, broad jump 17} leet, qurter
mile run 57 seconds. w*
Lloyd Harter, 100-yard dash 10 3-5 seconds,
220-yard hurdie.
.Ben K. Snipes, Seattle, mile run 4:53, half
mile run.
Arthur J. Edwards. Minneapolis Cent. H. S..
120-yard hurdle 17 4-5 seconds, 220-yard
uurdle 29 4-5 seconds. . ;
- Morgan, l'^O-yard : hurdle 16 1-5 seconds.
220-yard hurd.e 26 2 5 seconds.
Burnett, one-quarter mile 53 seconds, half
mile 2:05, mile 4:40.
H. N. Hutchinson, Harvard, mile run 4:50.
H. H. Cleaver, Santa Ana, one mile, half
mile. ■
L. J. Gregory, L. A. H. S., half-mile run, 220
--yard hurdle.
. H. D. Dnmars, 16-pound shot, 12-pound
shot,47 feet. -
B. Adams, Washington H. S., one-mile run,
4:55.
W. H. Beach, pole vault.
F. Colliver, quarter-mile run.
R. W. - Thompson," Tacoma H.S., 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, broad jump; high jump,
4 feet 11 inches.
F. St. John Fox, half-mile run, quarter-mile
! run.
J. T. Xourse Jr., Santa Aua, 100- yard dash,
1 quarter-mile run.
H. J. Uoyd. Kiversidc.pole vault, 9 feet 3
inches; broad jump, 19 feet ti inches; high
jump, 5 foet 1 iuch ; 100-yard dMb, 11 seconds.
Clem Wilson, L. A. A. C. , hurdles, sprints.
R. A. Leiter, distance runs.
G. M. Beckett, walk, high jump.
J. K. Healy, pole vault, 9 .eel; hurdles.
PORTLAND'S AGED VISITANT.
Carrying H.s Ninety-Seven Years Lightly,
Samuel Grandelmeyer Crosses
the Continent.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 12.— A most re
markabie man in some respects is Samuel
B. Urandelmeyer of Brooklyn, N. V., who
has come to Portland to take home his
great-grandson, Samuel Q. Giles, a conv
lescent typhoid fever patient domiciled on
North Ninth stieet.
Mr. Grandelmeyer is 97 years old,
with the appearance of a well-preserved
w»n of 60. He is six feet tall and weighs
240 pounds. His figure is erect, his face
is without wrinkles, with a flowing, snow
white mustache, and his head is sur
mounted by a wealth of white hair. Mr.
Grandelraeyer says that he has a third set
of natural teeth, which began growing in
his seventy-second year, and tney are as
reaular anU white as any that can be pro
cured by the highest-priced dentist. He
was never confined to his bed by sickness
except when he had the measles.
•'My life was anything but a regular
one," said h* to a Call correspondent.
"Born in Louisiana I did not settle down
io a regular career until 1 was 30 years
old. I well remember — yes. as if it were
but last week— when 'Old Hickory' con
fiscated the cotton bales to prevent the
British cannon balls from destroying the
Crescent City. I was there with my
father. "We came up from Baton Rouge,"
and the old gentleman's eyes glistened
like those of a youth, as he recounted tne
incidents of that memorable battle of New
Orleans.
Mr. Grandelmeyer proceeded to relate
thit he participated in the Seminole In
dian war in Florida and in the Mexican
war. At the outbreak of the rebellion he
felt physically less able than he now does
to carry a musket, but he had a paid sub
stitute in the field from the time conscrip
tion began up to the day of Apporaattox.
besides that, from the starling of the
sanitary fund for Union soldiers until its
utility ceased, be donated $iOO monthly
io it.
This ag«d gentleman is yet actively en
gaped in the distilling business in Ken
tucky, while ho resides in Brooklyn, And
there disposes of the products of his
works, in which lie has invested $303,000
and employs J2O hands.
TALMAGE ASYLUM TRAGEDY.
Elsie Johnson, an Inmate, Escapes From
Her Cell and Commits Suicide
by Hanging.
TJKIAH, Cal., Jan. 12.— Elsie Johnson,
an inmate of the State Asylum for the In
sane at Talmagc, near this place, was
found hanging by the neck in a lavatory
in the yard of the female department of
that institution Jast evening. Coroner J.
H. Barker b«id an inquest at the asylum
this morning, and the jury found that
death resulted from strangulation. She
wa» 39 years of age, and a native of
Sweden.
No blame is attached to officials of the
asylum. It appears that the woman in
some manner obtained leathern lacing
used in connection with ;he strait
jacket for patients, and. tying one end of
this to a joist in the lavatory and the other
end around her neck, she stepped from a
chair on which she was standing. When
found her feet were two Jeet from the
floor. She had escaped from her cell by
breaking the lock of ths window.
Rtwatd for Outlaw Moral*:
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 12,—Gov
ernor Budd this afternoon offered a re
ward of $500 for the arrest and conviction
of Jose Morales, who is chareed with the
murder of Deputy Sheriff Wilson in Los
Angeles County on December 27 last.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
TRAMPS PLACE
LIVES IN DANGER
Repeated Attempts Made ; to
. Wreck Trains Near
Ripon.
Catastrophe Averted Only by
the Prompt Action of an
Engineer.
South-Bound Express Stopped Within
a Few Feet of an = Op;n
Switch.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 12.— The vicinity
of Ripon, in this county, has been terror
ized by tramps v during the past week, and
several attempts have been made to ditch
and rob trains. Last night two switches
were broken and thrown open. to derail a
Southern * Pacific '^passenger 1 1 train, but
those who made the attempt were evi
dently novices at the business, and the
train ran on to the siding instead of
polrig off the track. The break was fixed
by men from the car shops, who were sent
from Latbrop, and the track was in good
order when the freight went by during the
night.
Not anticipating a repetition of last
night's affair, the switch at Ripon was
not guarded, and at 8:18 o'clock this morn
ing when the south-bound passenger went
by the^switches were found to be broken
in tne same manner as they were last
night. Only the prompt action of the en
gineer in reversing the engine averted a
catastrophe. He succeeded iv stopping
the train before it ran into the open
switch and then tne engine and cars were
run on to a siding while the broken track
and switch were repaired.
The crime was not reported to the Sher
iff's office here, but Sheriff Cunningham
will have the breaking of the tracks and
switches investigated. Constable John
son, who lives not far from Ripon, is at
work on the case, and hopes to have the
would-be wreckers in custody before long.
The residents about Ripon attribute the
attempt to the band of tramps which has
infested that community of late. It is
believed that the tramps intended to
ditch the train and then get such plunder
as they could from the passengers. Last
Saturday nieht they attempted to throw
the switch open and wreck a train, but the
break was discovered and repaired in time
to prevent the catastrophe they had
planned.
STOCKTON'S REFORM WAVE.
Commercial Association Strives for Econ
omy and a Lessening of
Taxes.
STOCKTON, Cai*, Jan. 12.— The rooms
of the Stockton Commercial Association
were crowded to-nipht by the members
and other citizens, who assembled to dis
cuss municipal reforms. A large delega
tion of property-owners was present, and
there was some very caustic talk with ref
erence to the great amount of money ex
pended during the past year on street im
provements. John Milan in a hot speech
declared that the taxpayers and owners
of realty were being swindled by the work
on the streets that they were compelled to
pay for. He eaid that not a single piece
of work had been done proper! v.
Street Suoerintendent Bidweil de
manded to know of a single street that
had not been properly macadamized. An
acrimonious debate foliov/ed and finally
grew so heated that Chairman Buell had
to cali a halt in tho proceedings. George
W. Patterson of the woolen- mills sug
gested that the meeting bad not been
called to inquire into the condition ot city
officials, but to devise ways by which all
public work in the future might be done
in a better manner. It was finally decided
to appoint a committee to investigate all
public work now being done, and to suz
gest such improvements as may be for the
best interest of the city.
ADVENTURE AT DESOLATION.
Prospector Treed by Two Bean la Saved
by Virtue of His Lusty Yelling
for Help.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 12. — Elmer
Thornburg, a minor living at Granite, Or.,
is just batk from Desolation in the North
Fork country. While there looking after
some of his prospects he had a thrilling
experience last week. He was seated on
a bowlder on Friday noon when he heard
grunts, behind Him, and lookinc around
saw two full-grown black bears approach
ing.
Tbornburg ran. The hungry bears
quickly took the scent and were after him.
When he saw that the race would be an
uneven one he climbed up among the
branches of a biack pine tree. Fierce with
hunger, their savage appetites just whet
ted sufficiently to make a fat man taste
good, the bears put their huge paws
around the slender tree trunk and en
deavored to reach him. Breaking off a
branch off the tree Thqrnburg rapped
smartly each black nose within reach, and
bruin would go away growling only to
return when the pain bad ceased.
Thornburg began to yell at the top of
his voice, in the hopes that his cries
might reach camp. They finally did,
and John Dickinson and Ed Flaherty
came out with their rifles and made it
possible for the unarmed and unharmed
man to descend from his perch. The
bears were killed.
retalumn Railway Accident.
PETALUMA. Cal., Jan. 12.— As the
north-bound train was approaching the
station at 0:30 o'clock this mornin; it
crashed into a carriage ocenpied by Mrs.
A. Lacque, wno resides on the William
Hill place, near town. The rear portion
of the vehicle was demolished, and Mrs.
Datque was thrown violently to the
ground, but fortunately away from t c
train. The horses tore from the carriage
and escaped unhurt. Mrs. Lacque was
badly injured havine one cut extending
from the center of her forehead to the
bacK of the head and another under the
chin, while her thigh 'was also hurt. Just
how serious her injuries may prove her
physician is unable yet to determine.
Santa Harbara hibt-,1 Suit.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 12.—
The trial of the libel suit of Gerrand
Grana ▼&, L. G. Dreyfus began, to-day.
The plaintiff alleges that the defendant
stated in the French language in the
preience of parties who understood him
that he woula have plaintiff arrested and
sent back to the penitentiary, whence lie
came, for which he asks $10,000 darnaees
nnri costs of suit. Defendant's coun.-el
argued lor nonsuit, but the motion was
denied.
lArjhininq ittriknt in Pata&ena.
PASADENA, Cal., Jan. 12.— A very un
usual feature oi yesterday's atorm was the
damage to a house by lightning, some
thing almost unheard o! in Pasndena.
The dwolline of John Fassel on Madison
avenue was struck and a srreat hole torn
into tne roof, albeit no one was injured.
The bolt tore plastering from the ceiling
of the room in which Frank Fassel sat,
but he was not hurt.
SANTA CRUZ INNOVATION.
Dr. Phila A. Lyon to Be Laid at Rest With
the Simple Rites of the Reform
Burial Association.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 12.— The first
burial in Santa Cruz under the rules of
the Relorni Burial Association will occur
tc-morrow morning. Dr. Phila A. Lyon,
who died at her home on East Cliff yester
day, was a member of the association, the
rules of which provide for a very simple
method of preparine the body for burial
and for the burial itself. Embalming is
resorted to only under extraordinary cir
cumstances, and the garments worn by
the dead are of the simplest kind. The
coffin must be plain and without orna
ment, and the cost of burial shall not ex
ceed %lb. The family may omit mourn
ing apparel. Religious services are op
tional with the family, or the previously
expressed wish of the deceased. A pecu
liarity of the rules governing burial is the
section requiring mat no hearse shall be
used, an ordinary vehicle or other con
venient means being employed.
Mrs. Lyon's funeral will be conducted
by Count Axeli Wachtmeister of San
Francisco. Mrs. Lyon was a member of
San Lorenzo Branch Theosophical So
ciety, which was organized by the Coun
tess Watchmeister last soring. She wat>
also a member of the Patriotic Daughters
of Amtrica and the Christian
Temperance Union. She had resided in
Santa Cruz since 1881.
FIGHT TO A DRAW.
Turner and Uwis Put Up a Game Contest
Before the California Club at
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12. — The
Turner-Lewis ten-round contest under the
auspices of the California Club to-night
ended in a draw. It was fight from start
to finish.
Lewis cut out the work from start to
finish. At the end of the round ho had
the colored man on the ropes. In thu
third he repeatedly landed terrific blows,
and Turner was st one time slisrhtly
grogsy. Lewis failed to follow his art
vantage, and after hot infighting time was
called.
In the sixth Turner had decidedly the
best of it, but in the eighth Lewis ham
mered him all over the ring. The colored
boy proved that he was a glutton for pun
ishment. The ninth round was especially
vicious. In the infighting Lewis had the
advantage ana once or twice seemingly
bad the black man at his mercy, but
failed to lollow up his leads and theStock
ton lad recovered like magic.
Lewis tried to put his man out in the
last round and both men fougbt like
demons. Lewis had the better of it, but
his plucky opponent was more than game
and was lighting when the gong sounded.
Referee Thomas Norton declared the
nght a draw.
SEATTLE It A>K • JP" A IZ VBE.
Hithdra reals of llepoiil* Wreck a Sav
intj" Institution.
SEATTLE, Wabh., Jan. 12.— The Seattle
Savings Bans suspended' to-day, posting
tne following notice:
This bank is closed by order of the directors.
Depositors will be paid in lull.
The liabilities are $75,000, assets $100,000.
F. L. Febr«?n, cashier, said there had been
gradual withdrawals of deposits since the
recent St. Paul and Chicago bunk failures.
The bank was entablished in 1891.
The Seattle Savings Bank has been
a large dealer in warrants, handling tor
months three-fourths of those issued by
King County. As t:>e -ueposiis decreased
the ban lc was compelled to dispose ol its
large line of warrants in order to keep its
cash up to the required reserve. This con ■
tinued until Monday, when some heavy
depositors draw out their money. The
officers of the bank, realizing its pre
carious condition, called in the fall board
of directors last evening and, after a ses
sion lasting until midnight, ordered the
bank closed this morning.
It is understood that the direct cause of
the bank closing was the attempted with
drawal of county funds yesterday by the
retiring County Treasurer, as his succes
sor requested the amount due to be paid
in cash. On« check for $5000 was pre
sented about 3 o'clock, bnt it was not hon
ored. Bondsmen of the new County
Treasurer object to having county funds
placed in savings banks.
sas josJt; •■ nir3i ex is.
Fruit- Growers J'rotpered During the
iear Juit Cloned.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 12.— The past
year was a very prosperous one for the
fruit-growers and vineyardists county.
This is evidenced by the large overland
shipments of all kinds of fruits and wine
during the year, the total shipments be
ing 88,385.115 ooiinds. This is a decrease
of over 23,000,000 pound* as compared
with 1895, but is accounted for by a
.chnnge in the manner ot making up the
"accounts at ihe railroad offices. *" Almost
the entire dried fruit crop has been so:d,
and there will be no old stock on hand
when the new season opens. Although
the crop was not as heavy as last year,
better prices have been obtained for fruit
and wines.
CanyonrUU Gold Strike.
CANYONVILLE, Or., Jan. 12.-Three
weeks ago a rich gold strike was made on
the headwaters of Jordan Creek, one mile
southwest of Canyonviile, by William
Anderson, who took out upward of $2000
worth of ore. Finding that his discovery
wa3 within the limits of P. B. Sherwood s
claim, he sold to Sherwood. The latter
commenced work on the deposit and took
out within ten days $3500. t-ince that
time the claim has yielded from $500 to
$800 a day. To sum it up, $6000 to $7000
fell been taken out of a space not larger
than a wagon-bed.
Quartz Fannd in Gold Gulch.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 12.— Recent
prospering in Gold Gulch, near Felton,
has produced goM-bearing quartz that
was yesterday shown by assay to run
from $8 to $30 a ton. W. H. Russell, one
of the owners of claims in the gulch from
which these assays were made, is now in
San Francisco to negotiate for a stamp
mill, which will be erected immediately.
Gold Gulch is the locality from which a
laree boulder of very rich quartz was
taken in tne early days of California.
Haciiui at Aeto Orltian*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 12.— Six furlongs,
Minnie Murphy won, Irish Lady second, Gis
monda third. Time. 1:15}4'.
Three furlongs, Millstream won, Georgie C
second. Our Lizzie third. Time. :37%.
One and a quarter miles, Constant won. Billy
McKlnzie seond, Fasig third. Time, 2:11^.
Seven furlongs, imp. Paladin won, Maggio 8
second, Marquise third. Time, 1:28^.
One and an eighiti miles, hurdle, Mr. Dun
lap won, Brakemun second, Folly third. Time,
2 :05?£
One mile. Little Billy won, C. C. Rumrlll
second, Lightfoot third. Time, 1:45.
Solly Smith Blr\lz«* a A hit 7.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.-The box
ing contest between Tommy White of
Chicago and Solly Smith of Los Angeles,
before the Bohemian Athletic Club to
night, resulted in a draw. The men
fought twenty-five rounds at 122 pounds.
Bunting for n liattl'-G-rouni.
DALLAS, Tex.. Jan. 12.— Dan Stuart's
private secretary, Mr. Wheelock, has left
town for Lower California, where it ia said
he will pen out the battle-grctind for the
Corbett-Fitzsimmons prize-tight.
HEALDSBURG SUES
FOR STOLEN GOLD
Sensational Raid on the
City Hall in 1893
Recalled.
Action Brought Against the Late
Treasurer Mulligan's
Bondsmen.
Asked to Pay tbe Amount Sto'en
From the Vaults by Two
Outlaws
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Jan. 12.— The cele
brated Healdsburg robbery case came np
before the Superior Court here to day.
The action is brought by the city of
Healdsburg to recover about $4000 from
the bondsmen of George V. Mulligan, ex-
City Treasurer. The defendants claim
that Mulligan was the victim of a brutal
robbery on the morning of October 30,
1893, and according to a recent ruling of
the Supreme Court in this same case this,
if proven, will constitute a good defense.
The sensational robbery of the Healds
burg treasury will be long remembered in
this vicinity. Whan the place was found
open and the Treasurer missing upon that
eventful October morning the people of
Healdsburg were wild with excitement.
The tire bell was rung and hundreds
joined in tbe search for the missing man.
He was found late in the afternoon hand
cuffed to a tree in the cemetery and
wholly exhausted from the shock and ex
posure. Being far from robust and of a
highly sensitive nature, the unfortunate
man did not rally and was soon buried in
the cemetery where he had been so
roughly used.
Before his death Treasurer Mulligan re
lated now two men came to his home that
morning and told him his brother-in-law
was very sick. When be had hastily
dressed aii.i was leaving the house the
two men seized, bound and gagged him
and on pain of instant death forced him
to open the vault Then came the arrest
of a well-known young man of Healds
burg, who proved an alibi and at once-leit
for Scotland. Now the bondsmen of the
d«--ad Treasurer are asked to pay the
amount missing, and a prolonged strug
gle is looked for.
LOS ANGELES SENSATION.
Colonel Treat Accused by a Woman Client
of Having Attempted to
Swindle Her.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 12.— Colonel
R. B. Treat, one of the best-known poli
ticians and lawyers in Southern Califor
nia, is at present under a cloud. He is
charged by Mrs. Lizzie Elliott, a client,
with attempts to swindle her in various
transactions.
M,rs. Elliott, who owns considerable
property in the city and has quite a sura
of money loaned out, called upon Deputy
District Attorney James a few days ago
and asked for a complaint against Colonel
Treat, charging him with embezzlement,
ohe stated to James that in July last she
had employed Colonel Treat to collect in
terest on certain loans, agreeing to pay
him $25 a quarter.
The District Attorney advised the irate
lady to delay her action nniil Colonel
Treat could be seen by the people's law
yer. This was agreeable, and when the
politician's attention was called to the
matter he acknowledged an indebif duess
ol $50 to Alb. Elliott and paid her $40 on
account. The lady was then advised to
bring a civil action for the balance.
The papers were no soofter filed than
Mrs. Elliott again called upon District
Attorney James and stated that she had
discovered a new cause of grievance
against Colonel Treat. She stated that
some time ago sbe handed him $500 to pay
on a rea.-estaie transaction. The cheek
was drawn in favor of Treat. A few days
ago, she declared, she called upon tne
person to whom the $500 was to have been
paid and was greatly surprised to learn
that Colonel Treat bad pnirt only $450 oi
the amount, holding back $50.
Colonel Treat states that there is an un
settled account between Mrs. Elliott and
himself, and that he has no fear of an
embezzlement charge. His only offense,
it any is needed, is that he paid himself
an overdue bill lor legal services.
Chief frlata Jte-elected.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 12.— Chief of
Police John M. Glass was re-el-cted to
day by the City Council. This is the third
term to which he has been elected, and
to-day's action means that the efficiency
of the present force will not be impaired.
ARRIVES AT VICTORIA.
Accident to Its Machinery Responsible for
the Steams flip Tacoma's
Slow Trip.
VICTORIA, B. G. Jan. 12.— The North
ern Pacific steamer Taco ma, overdue eight
days and for which grave apprehension
was felt, arrived this morning from Cbina
and Japan. The delay was caused by a
serious accident to the machinery. On
January 2, during severe gales, a heavy
bead sea caused the engine to race, and
the principal levers of the after valve were
carried away. The break could not be re
paired at sea, so tue forward engines were
disconnected and the necessary working
parts transferred to the after one. The
work was accomplished under great diffi
culties and danger, as the ship rolled heav
ily during the entire time. Sixty-six
hours' working, night and day, was re
quired to overcome the trouble.
HA PA. ' VUISOSKK It I EH.
Succumbs to a Wound Received While
Jlftisting Arre*t.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 12.— Frank Quiiado,
who was wounded last Friday night by
Officer Secord while resisting arrest, died
this morning. He suffered muoti pain
yesterday, but rested easily during the
night. Twenty minutes before his death
it was thought that be might recover.
When he died his brother, Edward Qui-
Jartrt, was with him.
When it was learned that Quijado had
died Constable Secord was placed under
arrest by Marshal Paul Chaigneau. On
motion of District A torney Bell he was
released on his ov\n recognizance to
await the decision of the Coroner's jury.
Quijado was born in Santa Clara County
on December 3, 1864, but spent the greater
portion of his life in Napa. He end his
three brothers, Ed war/, Michaei and
Gabriel, lived on Edmondson street.
Little "I'uck'x" Brother Speaks.
James C. Robertson, a-i older brother of
Master Jack Robertson, who will play the part
of Tuck in "Jack and the Beanstalk" for the es
peciHl edification of Judge Campbell, denies
that the child is the sole support of his mother
aiid four sisters and brothers. H<s also states
that the boy is not used to "rough experi
ences."
, ..- >TW TO.BAT-PHT <?OOT>^ . . / ' ;
ifflUß MONEY-RAISING SALE I;
Ik i h i
Is still the all-absorbing topic of retaildom. The crowds ■W '
iilt are still coming— bargains arc still going. People know (M
'' f good things when they see them, and the merry rush H '
Ij^ keeps up. Come, join the crowds. Come and get some of ([ ,
<*) the plums. . ' 0
X TO-DAY YOU CAN GET $
I A GREAT SNAP IN LADIES' CAPES |
W AT 56.95 EACH.
A BLACK VELOUR DU NORD AND REAL FURS. Every one that is left I <S
jT .' of lines that sold at $12,' $15 and $18 apiece. : " T
0 The FUR GARMENTS range in lengths from 22 to 30 inches and are in all Q
"A' sizes. Some are plain,' others have fine marten and other sorts of A
V : collars; all elegantly lined with silk. • . * " -^ . : ". V
A The VELOUR DU NORD GARMENTS are made in novel shape?, hand- £)
jT . soniely bended and trimmed with Thibet, marten' and other furs, all ' X
O;,. lined with magnificent fancy or plaid silks. : Q
; X "-.- The quantity of each is very limited, some styles only one of a kind, so X
V ' come early for choice. ■ '. \f
If 9 '.■-■•■•■• •■■• -: : ''. ■ ' ■-■■-' ■•■-■■' -'•■• ■•■■-•-■ ■ ■; : -. ■.- ..■■.■■..-..,..• ■ ■ *-, i
J I AT $2.50 Each. %■ 1 AT 89c Each. il
llt ; ALPACA SKIRTS. i CROCHET QUILTS. I?
: Ladies' Dress Skirts, made Tof "mo- Large, elegant Marseilles patterns.
(44 hair alpacas, nice large figures, lined fall doable-bed size, fin shed al 1 44 i
■OS; all through and bound around the around and ready , for use. : Such GO !
II bottom with velvet. .; Worth $5. ; qualities are. always sold at $1 50 '
11. ■ apiece. / • ii
|}{ AT Yard. . . A _ __ •• - ; {{ !
" DRESS GINGHAMS. A 1 bsc f^^.rro.
lii About 40 pieces of them, ia, nice LADIES GLOVES.
lif fancy dark plaids , and stripes. The The heavy over-seam stitched em- 15
I , regular 10c kind. ,•; broidered backs, with 2-clasp fasten- '
II — — ings, tans oniy,- all sizes. ill
*!• AT 15c Yard. ' AT «- n^ Va :——.-._ 'I 1
0 can \c vpii iwrQ AT 50c Yard. Q
T SILK VEILINGS. R APK - rnnnt! .--.-.1,
Q The popular 18- inch width, Fancy _ "■'.. •, . BLACK GOODS. Q
A Black Silk Veilings, with and with- - ; Elegant large palm, vine and other X
V out dots. Never sold under 25c a figures, English-made goods, full 45 V
A yard. inches wide. Good value at $1 a yard. A
6 AT 85c Piece. AT 6c Yard. A
6 TWILLED CRASH. FRENCH PERCALES. A
A Fnll bolts of 25 yards each, snow- 'Almost a yard wide, good firm cloth, X
V white cotton toweling, for rollers and Pretty stripes, and figures on light- Vi
A hand towels. Worth $150 a piece. colored ground?. Regular 10c goods. : A
%\ ,:. '-:——. DRESS PATTERS SPECIAL! 9
$ UNDERWEAR SPECIAL! w FUL J- costumes. O
0 „.-_ «. o nwi v We r.re offering Fuil Suit Patterns O
T SIZE NO. 3 ONLY. of Fancy Dress Goods at such low X
>? Ladies' 'All-wool Swiss-ribbed Ins- prices that the deptrtment is- like a V
/*\ ported Under Vests, in black, white, grab-bag all the time. The assor;- A-
V light blue, pink and gray. . ; - ment consists of all sorts of Fancy v*»
' ' '■'■;.■•- High nock, long sleeve?, at 75c each. Domesuc and Imported Novelties, If
j High neck, short sleeves, 60c each. Mixtures, P.aids and other fashion- ]|i
ill 1 Low neck, no sleeves, at 50c each, able styles; x every imaginable color $ 3
Iff Having an, overstock of .this one and -combination of ;i colors. The Iff
*1 size we have cat the prices to less prices are about ha. value. its
1 U than half of their actual, worth. Are FULL SUITS at 95c, $133, $195, "iH
HI you lucky enough to wear this size? $2 45, $2 73, $3 50, $4 50. |»5
ii h, MAIL ORDERS for these goods will be filled if the ii i
{in goods are on hand when same are received. Positively no ' '
, il samples of sale goods sent. . JU ■■
t
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
SHOT TO DEATH
BY AN UNKNOWN
Coroner's Jury Decides That
David McAdams Was
Murdered.
Deep Mystery Veils the Killing
oi the Lamanda Park
Grocer.
Credence Given His Dying Declaration
That Hj Fought With
a Robber.
PASADENA, Cal., Jan. 12.— David W.
McAdams. the yoang Lamanda Park
grocer who was mysteriously shot at his
store yesterday morning, died at 5 o'clock
this morning. The statement he made in
regard to the tragedy, and which he ad
hered to until the last, was that between 2
and 3 Monday morning he was awakened
by some one in his store where he slept.
He partially dressed, took his revolver,
and by the light of a lamp burning in the
store saw a masked man with drawn re
volver fifteen feet away, at the casb
drawer. McAdams fired at the intruder,
who sprang toward him and shot him at
close range, then escaping by the front en
trance. McAdams dragged himself to
some sacks, where he lay groaning until
morning, when he attracted the aitention
of a tramp who was passing.
As many of the circumstances were pe
culiar, the place being securely locked
when McAdams was found, ho being par
tially dressed and a window having been
broken from the inside, it was believed by
some that suicide was attempted, but
nothing in the social or business life of
the young man shows cause. Nothing
was developed by the Coroner's inquest in
regard to his private life to lead to the
conclusion that he committed suicide. At
the inquest it was brought out that be had
had some business difficulty with his
former partner, W. J. Crandall, but there
was no pronounced ill felling so far as
known.
McAdams was a man of fine physique,
perfect health, good habits, cheerfui dis
position and was highly respected. He
said his assailant was a large man —
heavier than himself. The tramp who
tirst discovered him was a small man,
and McAdaras, who was conscious when
found, made no charge against him. Mc-
Adams 1 brothers resent the suspicion of
suicide.
There was over $100 in the safe which
had not been tampered with, and nothing
was missing save some small cnange from
tbecash drawer, which McAiianis^miitht
have taken himself. Constable Slater,
who was among the first upon the «cene,
could find no traces of robbery, and he is
of the opinion that the window was broken
from the outside.
The jury rendered a verdict ol death by
a pistol wound inflicted by a person un
known.
San Unfnel Installation.
SAN RAPAEL, Cal.. Jan. 12— Courc
Rafael, American Order of Foresters, in
stalled officers this evening. The new of
ficers are: Chief ranger, William Eden;
sub-chief, A. Bodin; treasurer, Patrick
Coughran; financial secretary, James Red
mond ; recording secretary, Eugene Bar
ron; sen ior wood warn, James Mulroney;
junior woodward, Neils Nei'sen; irustee,
Etlward Con way; druggist, Pratt Inman;
physician, W. F, Jones. After the instal
lation the court enjoyed a banquet and
dance at the New England Villa.
Kobbery tit Astoria.
ASTORIA. Or , Jan. 12.— A masked man
held up the watchman of the streetcar
stables at 4 o'clock this morning and
opened the cash-drawer. He secured $40
in small change. He escaped without
identification. The police have no clew
except the man appeared to be familiar
with the premises.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
Pin iw &
■i . - "■■.,.■
' Are you ever free from colds ?
No, doctor.
: If you dress warmly *n<\ are careful do
you still take colds easily? -/ ■ -
.jr ;- : ; Yes. doctor.
Do you perspire freely from. the least
exertion ? ''• '-•:■■■ ,.- ': -. :
r • . ' ' Yes, doctor.
You say you take colds in the summer
months r as < much as you do during the
winter mouths? ' - :- -
. . .: ;•:.-•, .", Yes, ; doctor, v
Do you always have a couch ? : s • .
Yes, doctor.
; You < take cold so easily because your
general system is below par. Your blood
is thin 1 and Y watery. Your : organs of ,
digestion are inactive. X .You - have a
stimulant 7 for the orcans >of digestion. \
You need a good appetizer. - Then your
blood will become rich and red, and you
■will get the ; ; rich, red 'blood \ which is ; so
necessary to build up the system' and put ;
I your body in a condition to ' resist the at-
i mospheric changes. { I will write you ft
prescription:
, ............................... ....... .. .,.
: R. JOY'S VEGETABLE Ml
: JOY'S VEGETABLE :
: SARSAPARILLA V ;- :
■ -; : ;M. S'g. ' '.. . - • - • ■■ (one ' bottle) • :
.' : Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times :
:i a day. When bowels are regular take :
: : . one tcaspoonful. .■ ' ■* I
r}. Don't *j let j the druggist talk you into
buying anything in ; place our Horn*
Remedy— Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
56
Wat « nnri #tll
WEDNESDAY .... JANUARY 13, 1h97
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free : '
Doily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0. 15
Daily end Sunday Call, one year, by malt 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall. 1-60
VvkucLY Call, one year, by mall .••• 1-6Q
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone ............Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:80 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 tarkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
ISOS Polk street: open ui:til 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and S2. 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Hail Senator Perkins.
Congratulations to the Senator-elect.
The Legislature will now proceed to bus
iness.
Grover should at once start the foreclos
ing mill.
Republicans know how to settle things
amicably.
The funding bill is dead, but there may
be some other scheme.
Bryan Is in New York arranging for the
publication of his book, and it seems the
lecture tour is off.
We have now a clear proof that when
Californians work together monopolies
cease to be dangerou-.
The Illinois Legislature shut off the ad
dress of retiring Governor Altgeld and
closed his term with a bang.
It is hardly necessary to hunt bargains
in the shops in these days. You can
catch them aimost anywhere.
The defeat of the funding bill shows
what a united California can do in master
ing the antagonisms which confront her.
Having got the funding bill out of the
way, the House of Representatives should
r.ow give attention to the Nicaragua canal
bill.
A close watch mu=t be kept on the de
faulting Pacific roads, for tne next phase
»-f the issae may be as bad as the funding
scheme.
New York is holding what she calls a
carnival, but as it is a cold show under a
t-hed, without roses or lilies, it is nothing
like what are known as carnivals in Cali
fornia.
There is now a prospect that the Union
and Central Pacific roads will become a
competing line to the Southern Pacific,
and the long monopoly of transportation
will be broken.
The reported split in Tammany may be
serious, but the people will not be'ieve it
until they se«; a good many of the gang
dropping through the hole and falling out
of the machine.
The agreement of the great powers to
coerce Turkey was made known several
weeks ago, but up to date there is no evi
dence that the Sultan is aware that any
one is coercing him.
About all that Cleveland can do in re
gard to the Pacific roads debts is to ar
range the preliminaries for foreclosure
and get ready to turn everything over in
good shape to McKinley.
Last year we were talking of war with
England over Venezuela, and now we pro
pose a treaty of arbitration which will put
an end to all chance of war. Our relations
with the British are decidedly versatile.
While not a single line has been written
of the new tariff everybody knows it will
give to American industry a cbance to
find employment every day in the week at
good wages. There is no uncertainty
about that.
The public hearings before the Ways
and Means Committee have closed and
now the actual work of framing the tariff
bill begins. Fortunately it i 3 in good
hands and the people can rely on having
good results.
A kindergarten attachment to a church
for the care of babies while their parents
worship is a Los Angeles idea well worth
working out The people of the City of
Angels really do have angelic inspira
tions sometimes.
The prospects are that the monetary
conference at Indianapolis will simply
aiscuss general principles and leave the
details of legislation to Congress. In
other words, it will be a meeting of much
talk and no business.
The Senate has tackled the question
whether the power to recognize foreign
Governments lies in the President exclu
sively, and a big field is now open for
orators to show eloquence and learning as
expounders of the constitution.
The Spaniards cannot conquer the
Cubans, but they can destroy the homes
of thousands and inflict great suffering
upon the people. That is what they are
aiming to do, and that i 3 w at the United
States should stop in the interests of
humanity.
The fact that upward of 8000 taxpayers
have not called at the office of the City
Treasnrer to collect tue rebates allowed on
the taxes paid early last year ought not to
deprive them of the benefit of the rebate.
It should be credited to them on their
taxes this year.
Once more Speaker Reed has given evi
dence of bis masterly ability to bring im
portant issues to prompt settlement and
get them out of the way. Under any
other Speaker the funding bill might have
obstructed the business of Congress for
the whole session.
A Kansas legislator proposes a law by
whic i any man who owns more tian IGO
acres of land can dp forced to sell any por
tion of his holding in excess of that
amount to any person who offers for it a
price which a jury will consider reason
able. How is that for socialism made
sociable and neighborly?
SENATOK PERKINS.
The re-election of Senator Perkins by
the' California Legislature is another evi
dence that conservatism is at this time
the dominant spirit of the country. The
people are aware that grave problems con
front them, and that serious issues in
volving radical remedies are coming to
the front They are also aware that men
of talent, genius and youth are arising to
meet these problems and to master them.
The people, however, seem to prefer to
stand by old landmarks and to continue the
present condition of things until they see
more clearly ihe nature of the problems in
frontof them and have a better under
standing of the solutions proposed by men
of talent.
Senator Perkins is eminently a conserva
tive statesman. He is known to be a safe
man of affairs and sound in his devotion
to Republican principles. He has long
been prominent both in the business and
the politics of the State, and, if he has
never distinguished himself brilliantly,
has been at all times a man in whom the
people have had confidence and who could
be lelied upon to perform whatever duties
he undertook. He is, therefore, in every
sense well fitted to represent the people at
this juncture and to maintain for them in
Ccnpress that conservatism which they
feel in their own homes.
The Call opposed Senator Perkins be
cause it believed the time had come when
youth and genius suould be called to the
front to grapple with the responsibilities
of statesmen in dealing with the new
issues that everywhere affect American
life. The Call desired to see a younger,
more forcible and more resolute man sent
to the Senate to advocate the interests of
California and to defend its cause in every
issue that arose either in local or in Na
tional politics.
It has, however, no objection to urge
aeainst the election of Senator Perkins
since the vote of the Legislature makes
it evident that he is in a fair sense a
representative of California Republican
ism as it exists to-day. During his term
of office Senator Perkins will have the
full eupport of The Call, so long as he
maintains the great principles to which
he is pledged, and may count on all the
help The Call can give him to advance
every interest which California may have
at stake in National legislation.
It is with no little satisfaction we recall
the fact that during the whole of the con
test for the election of Senator The Call
uttered no word derogatory of the man
hood or official integrity of Senator Per
kins. It acted as the champion oi Samuel
M. Shortridge and supported his canvass
in that high- minded and honorable
way which the dignity of the office
required. It was not on the part of
Mr. Shortridge nor on tne part of The
Call a campaign of vilification or abuse.
Full justice was done to the merits of Mr.
Perkins as a man and as a Senator, and in
no instance did vulgarity or vile cartoon
ing disgrace our opposition to him or to
his efforts for re-election.
It is with sincerity The Call extends
to tbe Senator- elect congratulations
on his election. He is clearly the rep
resentative of the conservatism of the
day, and is justly entitled, therefore, to
claim in the Senate that be stands as a
true exponent of the sentiments of the
people of California at this juncture.
Having served for some time in the Son
ate his experience will be of value to the
State, and the Republican party confi
dently counts on him to justify its action
in electing him.
A UNITED CALIfOENIA.
Tbe defeat o! the funding bill is a strik
ing proof of the ability of tbe people of
California to overcome all difficulties ana
master all the antagonisms in tbe way of
progress when they are united and work
together with a resolution born of a com
mon will directed to a common object.
No individual nor set of individuals ran
claim credit for the defeat of the bill. It
was in the truest sense a victory of the
whole people. In that contest if in no
other the people, the press and the states
men of California worked together and a
brilliant triumph has been the result.
This is not the only recent evidence
which Californians have had of the value
of united and harmonious work. As a
matter of fact it is not the best evidence
we have cad. The truest accomplish
ment of a united California of recent date
is the construction of the Valley Railroad.
The defeat of the funding bill was merely
negative; the construction of the road was
positive work. In the one case we have
simply prevented the infliction of a wrong
upon the State, but in the other we have
achieved a genuine benent, whose results,
already good, are but the earne-t of a
greater good yet to be obtained for Cali
fornia and for ail the industries of its
people.
With these two illustrations of the ad
vantage ot united work, there is every in
ducement to the people of California to
lay aside all petty dissensions and minor
interests and devote themselves to those
greater issues wherein all can work to
gether, because' the benefits resulting will
be for the good of all. It is clear to every
intelligent man that a new era has dawned
in California, and that we are now to go
forward to new things and meet new
problems. It is also clear that the solu
tion of these problems will depend largely
upon co-operative enterprise. The issues
belore us are vast and cannot be mastered
by individuals. We must work together
not only to take advantage of the oppor
tunities of good, but also to guard against
the possibilities of impending? evil.
The question of the Pacific roads has
not been settled by the defeat of the.fund
ing bill. It is sure to arise in a new phase
uefore long, and it is possible that the new
form may be as injurious to California as
was the scheme of refunding. Public
sentiment, now united on the subject,
should be kept, therefore, to its full
height and as resolute as ever until the
issue has reached a final solution. It is
not possible at this time to predict the
future. All we can do is to wait aud see
what will happen next. We may be sure,
however, that no matter what happens,
so long as the people of California are as
united upon the subject as they are to-day
they wiil be able to guard against any
danger which may threaten.
THE ARBITBATION TEEATY.
The proposed arbitration treaty between
the United States and Great Britain
differs widely from otber treaties which
have borne the same high-sounding and
promising name. Former treaties have
been arranged for the settlement of some
specific issue well defined by the parties
interested, and the courts organized to
determine them have been temporary in
their nature and strictly limited in their
powers. The new treaty provides for a
different sort of court. It is to continue
so long as the traaty continues, and so far
from being limited to some specific issue
is to arbitrate every international dispute
except such as ars specifically excluded.
The proposed tribunal is to be known as
the high court of arbitration. It is to be
composed of three Justices of the Su
preme Court of the United Btates and
three members of the High Court of Ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
peals of Great Britain. It is to have ex
clusive jurisdiction over all questions now
pending except those of Bering Sea and
Venezuela, which have been arranged for
otherwise, and over all which may arise
in future, except such as involve National
honor and sovereignty. By its terms the
treaty is to be in force for but five years
from the date of ratification, but there can
be little question but that it will be re
newed and that a step has been made to
ward a permanent court for the settle
ment of international disputes.
In submitting the treaty to the Senate
Mr. Cleveland very justly said:
Its success ought not to be doubtful, ana the
fact that its ultimate ensuing benefits are not
likely to be limited to the two countries im
mediately concerned should cause it to be pro
moted all the more eagerly. . The example set
and the lesson furnished by the successful
operation of this treaty are sure to be felt and
taken to neart sooner or later by other na
tions, and will thus mark the beginning of a
new epoch in civilization.
The American people will cordially re
spond to these sentiments. The establish
ment of this court is the direct result of
American initiative. It will stand as an
evidence of our influence among the na
tions, as a proof of our power for peace as
well as war, and its inception will be ac
counted one of the few good features of
the Cleveland administration.
TECHNICAL TEAINING.
The fact that within the past few years
wages have risen from 15 to 20 per cent in
the German empire makes the news from
England that a number of her citizen*,
interested in technical art instruction,
hay« recently been in Germany studying
the industrial conditions there, a matter
of no surprise. English merchants have
fonnd it profitable to import goods from
Germany arid then export them to South
America and the various British colonies,
and the reason why Britain does not
manufacture as well as 'export the com
modities is of such importance as to call
for careful investigation.
The men who have undertaken this
work performed a similar service fifteen
years ago, when they were selected by the
British Government to report whether
there were any methods in German in
dustry which might be profitably adopted
by Great Britain. That the recent investi
gating committee were enlightened dur
ing their visit to the realm of the Kaiser
and came home well prepared to instruct
their countrymen in skilled production is
no more a matter of surprise than their
going, for the Germans are the most
scientific and scholar.}' of all peoples, and
when they bring their scientific scholar
ship to bear upon the useful arts the re
sults are sure to be progress worthy of
imitation.
Sir Philip Magnus, who was the chmr
man of the commission fifteen years aso,
and is the leader in the Jate inquiry, has
recently delivered an address showing
wherein chiefly lies German superiority.
The secret of theii success is in thorough
technical training. When these gentle
men were in Berlin fifteen years ago there
was a big building being erected there, to
be used as a technical school, tbe cost of
wnich was to be $1,850,000. On their sec
ond visit they found this school was
training 3000 students, and it had been
necessary to put up additional buildings.
In a single German factory they found 100
thoroughly educated chemists employed
to experiment to discover better methods
of production. This is an enterprise for
turning scholarship to practical account of
such magnitude as to startle English and
American manufacturers and awake them
to tbe necessity of careful training in those
who would stand up long in the ring of
industrial competition.
In his address Sir Philip stated that al
most all the profitable results from a valu
able discovery made by an English chemist
were being reaped by Germany, because
of the large number of practically trained
chemists available for use in the factories
in that land of widely extended technical
instruction.
80 great has been the advantage thus
gained by Germany in some branches of
manufacture over England Sir Philip
Magnus gravely suggests that his Govern
ment should repeal that part of her mer
chandise marks law which requires im
ported articles to be marked with the
name of the country whence they c*ime.
The German brand is giving the British
exporters away, and their colony cus
tomers are learning to sena direct to
Hamburg for their merchandise. The ad
vice is such a conf> ssion of inferiority as
seems like suggesting that German skill
can only be met by English fraud. An
other interesting revelation of the report
is that the manufacturers of Germany find
thai; shortening the hours of labor does
not increase the cost of production; brains
are far more important a factor in pros
perity than drudgery, and the fact that
the great manufacturers are getting a
practical proof of it augurs well for the
future cf the workinernan.
The moral of thi3 story is obvious.
Every effort should be made in this coun
try to establish thoroughly equipped
technical schools and give all our workers
a chance to be skilled. The community
will reap the benefit in better and cheaper
commodities, an l the workman will at
the same time have more houn for recrea
tion and improvement and cease to be a
drudge.
PERSONAL.
A. E. Gould of -Gibsonville is in the City.
W. T. Solmon of New York is at the Palace.
C. E. Buckhart of Salt Lake is at the Grand .
J. M. Lakman of Grass Valley Is in the City,
W. R. Watson is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
A. L. Kanie of Mariposa is on a visit to this
city.
R. K. Shelton of Arizona is on a visit to this
City.
N. 8. Gregory of Jackson is one of the visitors
here.
The Rev. P. J. Sohie of Auburn Is at the
Grand.
C. W. Clough of Chico is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
J. A. Davidson, a business man of Astoria, Or.,
is at the Rush. ,
A. J. ll olden, a wealthy merchant of Boston,
arrived here yesterday.
W. A. Tapcoot, a wealthy cattle-grower of
Red Bluff, is in the City.
Thomas McConnell of Elk Grov e is a late ar
rival at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. B. B. Marten of Hiilfmoon Bay is here ac
companied by, Mrs. Marten.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo was
among last night's arrivals.
K. £. Brown of London was one of the ar
rivals at the Palace yesterday.
A. Fortier and Joseph Dulong, mining men
of Anaconda, Mont., are In town.
W. A. Brown, a business man of Lower Lake,
is amoug the arrivals at the Occidental.
A. C. Hopkinson, a manufacturer of pottery
ware. Stockton, is registered at the Grand.
C. A. Perry arrived here from Tacoma yester
day and is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
J. F. Watts of Port Costa arrived here yes
terday aud is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
S. £. Biddle, a banker aud large land and
town property owner of Hanford, is in town.
George A. Smith, owner of an extensive
ranch near Courtland, arrived hero yesterday.
C. H. Welshouß and R. E. Keyser, cattle
growers oi Elko, Nev., are among tue arrivals
here.
A. C. Hillard, who owns an
important coffee
tinea in Guatemala, is here on business and is
at the Russ.
Macgnam Coxe, who is one of the leading at
torneys of New York, is in the City, accom
panied by Mrs. Coxe.
Calvin Holmes, a rich pioneer of Kelloeg, in
Knights Valley, is in the City. He is the owner
of over 8000 acres of fine farming land there.
Governor W. Y. Atkinson of Georgia is here
in a special car, accompanied by several
friends. The trip is for pleasure. They will re
turn via Ogden.
A. O. Perkins, for a long time until recently
agent of Wells, Fargo & Co., Santa Barbara,
and also identified with the real estate and
insurance business, is in the City.
L. Allen, who conducts a general mer
chandise store at St. Clair, Nev., and who
aso own large cattle interest in the Sage
brush Statn, is among those who are at the
Russ.
E. B. Pixley, for a long while past engaged
in the merchandising business in Santa Crue,
but who has just succeeded Mr. Chase as pro
prietor of the Pacific Ocean House, Is at the
Palace.
Dr. G. P. Gehring of Washington, D. C, who
visited California and remained some time
last year, is at the Russ. He is accompanied
by Mrs. Gehring. They will probably remain
several weeks.
E. Jacobs, owner of an enormous area of
grain land near Vlsaiia. is on a visit here. He
was one of the pioneers of Visalia and in ihe
early times conducted a gtneral merchandis
ing business there. He is quoted as being
worth over a million dollars.
Fred Langerman, one of the early residents
ot Kalispoll, which was one of the boom towns
on the Great Northern Railroad in Northern
Montana, is among the arrivals here. He is
accompanied by Mrs. Langerman. Mr. Lan
german is reported to be very well to do.
Daniel Hawks, one of the substantial citi
zens of Greeley, Colo., the colony founded by
Horace Greeley and managed by N. E. Meeker,
who was murdered by the Ute Indians, is
among the arrivals at the Lick. Mr. Hawks
is here on business and pleasure combined.
Mrs. Dennis O'Sullivan, wife of the well
known singer now taking the part of Shamus
O'Brien in the opera of that name which is be
ing given in New York, arrived here yesterday.
She was accompanied by her sister. Mrs. Paul
Cowles, who has for nearly a year past been
with her in London. Mr. O'Sullivan has him
self been in London ti 1 very recently.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— From Califor
nia: St. Cloud— C. A. Tuttle; Union-square—
J. M. Law, L. J. M. Lawrence, J. B. Loys; Im
perial—W. C. Pay ton. From San Francisco:
Gilsey— W. Dennison; Imperial— W. W. Ers
thal; Grand Union— Mrs. Hyde, Mrs. M. E.
Wickes. Miss Wickes; St. George— Mrs. E. Sar
gent, Miss Sargent.
THE POSTER KN.GHT TO HIS LADY.
Oh! prithee, swing thy casement wide,
Aid ilsu-n. gentle maid,
While I, tliy poster knight, twang forth
A poner serenade.
The dark-mauve sun has cone to rest
Belilnu t tie square red bill;
No more the orariKi' ostrich struts
lif.-iau Hie yeliow rill.
The pale-blue cows with coral eyes
Huvi' left the sable lawn:
And all the daiuiy purple sheep,
They too, beloved, huve gone.
Cavorting through the chocolate hedgt,
.\o ramplioryucus comrs;
From yonder palm tree none essay
1 o pluck I he curly plums.
Then haste. I pray thee, loved one, haste!
Kind up thut Nl e-^ieen tr.-ss:
Enhance thy beauteous angles by
Thy mr«; composite dress.
Then forth Into the BeardMey night
We'll issue limn! In hand. -
To plight our iliiAlr-sW'C « vows
In dreaming Poser Land. ■.-.,•■ ■ ■
-..- — sciioylxb King in Facie
NEWSPAPEK PLEhS^NrRY.
The Circassian beauty ;angrily)— The living
skeleton is the biggest cheat I ever sew!
The fat lady— Well, my dear, hasn't he al
ways advertised himself as nothing but skin
and bones.
"Step right in, ladles and gentlemen," cried
the showman. "Step right In and see the edu
cated pig add and subtract."
"Pshaw," interrupted Farmer BaokloK "my
old hog at home has got way over to square
root."— Texas Sittings.
Young man— l have a poem here.
Editor (alter examining it)— Well, how would
£2suit you?
Young man— That's really more than I ex
pected.
Editor— Well, we can't publish such a poem
as that for less.— Tid- 15 its.
Farmer Hoey— l hear your wife took a prize
at the county fair for an iced cake.
Farmer Rakes— Sure.
"Did they cut it?'
"Cut it? They couldn't break it with an ax
if they tried. That same cake has been takin'
prizes for the last eight years." — Yonkers
Statesman.
"What did Noah live on when the flood sub
sided and his provisious in the ark were ex
hausted ?" asked a Sunday-school teacher of
class.
•'I know!" quaked a little girl after the
others had given up.
"Well, what?" inquired the teacher.
"Dry land."— Chattanooga Times.
" Here comes the reckleu skaters."
.-aid the sun, "and just beyond
The ice is growing thinner
And they must come off the pond,
" How shall i make them heed me,
And cense their sport awhile V
" Just tell them that you th«w m«,"
Said the Ice, and cracked a smile.
—Truth.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Li Hung Chang will write a bcok on Amer
ica.
It is said that Sir Edwin Arnold has con
tributed nearly 10,000 leading articles to the
London Daily Telegraph.
Sir Walter Besant's next novel is to be called
"/ Fountain Sealed." It will appear serially
in the I llustrated London News.
The Pope continues to give daily receptions
to the diplomats, and the resistance to the
fatigue attendant upon tbese receptions
shown by His Holiness causes general sur
prise.
A "prominent member of the Players' Club
of New York" informs a Philadelphia reporter
that Mark Twain received in London recently
a letter mailed to him In New York and ad
dressed only "Mark Twain, God Knows
Where."
Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lome, is
the only one of the English princesses
who wears her hair artistically. The Mar
chioness, who really grows handsomer and
handsomer as she leaves girlhood behind her,
abjures all court hairdressers.
The election of the Marquis of Hnntly as
Lord Rector of the Aberdeen University for
the third time is an unprecedented event.
Lord Huntly succeeded Mr. Goschen in 1887,
and has attended more cloudy to the business
of the office than any of his predecessors ex
cept Professor Bain.
The Wesleyan Methodists of England have
requested the Rev. William J. Brown to visit
the United States and Canada, end raise
money ior a monument to be erected over the
grave of John Wesley. Mr. Brown is the pas
tor of the chapel in London where Wesley
once preached.
One of the thing* General Buckner did at
Boston was to go down the harbor to old Fort
Warren, taking Mrs. Buckner alojig, and hunt
up the casemate in which he was domiciled as
a prisoner of war in 1862, after bit surrender
to General Grant at Fort Donelson. The ac
count says: "The general and his wife sat on
camp stools and had the iron doors closed to
recall old times."
RETIRED FROM OFFICE.
Prosecuting Attorney Oars Compli
mented by Judge Joachimsen.
John T. Dare, the retiring .Prosecuting
Attorney of Judge Joachimsen's court, re
ceiv«d a well-deserved compliment from
the Judge yesterday morning.
He introduced his successor, U F. O'Cal
laghan, to tho court, and the Judge said
that Air. Dare had been a very efficient
officer and had performed his duties ad
mi rably.
Air. Dare made a brief reply, thanking
the Juage for his kind remarks, and left
the counroom.
The retiring Prosecuting Attorney con
ducted the business intrusted to him with
out fear or lavor, having an eye single to
the proper administration of justice, and
his record has been without a blemish.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
Officers Elected for the Ensuing Term.
Board of Trustees Will Meet
To-Day.
The annual election of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco was held
yesterday. The meeting was Kept open
for ballots from 12 noon to 3 p. m. and re
sulted in the election of the following
officers for the ensuing term:
President, Hugh Craig; first vice-president,
John L. Howard; second vice-president, Louis
B. Parrott; trustees— Louts Slosa Jr., Charles
M. Yates, George A. Newhall, Charles Nelson,
William k. MiKhell, A. G. Towne, A. Gerberd
ing, Leon Blum, Edward Coieman, Oscar T.
Sewail, A. B. Field, \V. L. Merry.
The board of trustees will meet to
morrow in Chamber of Commerce. Hall at
2 p. m.
The regular annual meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce will take place next
Tuesday. _ ___ _ — __^_ — __
IN A GROVE OF DRUIDS.
Last Night a Very Busy One
lor the Installing
0 ficers.
Stanford Parlor, Native Sons, Has a
Glorious Time-Wbat the Native
Daughters Are Doing.
Galileo Galilei Grove, United Ancient
Order of Druids, tho largest grove in tbi3
jurisdiction, which has a membership of
300 and is under the leadership of L. Cari
ana, N. A., received an official visit last
night in Garibaldi Hull from J. A. Devoto,
N. G. A.; H. J. Goller, D. G. A.; J. J.
Mollison, G. S.; E. H. Getz, G. T. ; P.
Robroaeher, supremo arch, and F. Cavag
naro, P. N. G. A. The visitors were
warmly welcomed and during the evening
the large membership present was ad
dressed by the grand officers. At the close
of the meeting those present sat down to
a collation and several hours were pleas
antly spent.
Noble Grand Devoto has secured the
names of forty -five native sons to a peti
tion fora charier to organize a grov , to
which none but native sons will be eligi
ble.
At its last held meeting Golden Gate Circle
initiated a candidate and received four appli
cations to be acted on in the future. The cere
mony ol initiation was followed by a dance.
This circle !■ increasing in membership and is
in a prosperous condition.
Native Daughters of the Golden W«*t.
The first party of the year recently given by
Laurel Parlor of Nevada City was called a
"New Year Party," and it proved a splendid
social and financial success, there being more
than two hundred dancers pre>ent. The iadles
of the parlor had decorated the hall until it
had the appearance of an elfin bower. The
grand march was led by Miss Minnie Brand,
president of the purlor.and £. C. Grissil, presi
dent of Hydraulic Parlor, N. 8. G. VV.
The officers of Ramoua Parlor of Martinez
were installed by Mr*. Grace Willy of Ban Joa
quin Parlor, D D. G. P., assisted by Miss Marl
ana Baritola, P. G. P., acting as marshal, and
a pretty installation it was. The new officers
are: Mrs. W. A. Haie, P.; Mrs. F. L. Ulans,
Miss Carrie Ilickman, Miss A. Lander, vice
presidents; Miss Sadie E. iMvenport, R. 8.;
Miss A. Webster. F. S.: Miss Maude Scott, M. ;
Jln.G. B. McMahon, I. S.; Mrs. A. T. Burns, O.
S.; M ssM. E. Dillinehnm, Miss E. Lorentzen
and Mrs. A. E. Dunkel, trustees. After the
ceremony there was a short programme, and
then a banquet, at which Miss Bertola was the
toastmnster.
The officers of Alta Parlor wer3 installed by
Miss Carrie Creigh in the presence ot a large
membership. The officers lor the term are:
Miss A. Ba»ee, P- P- \ Mrs. I. A. Pomeroy, P. ;
Mrs. C. Miller, Mrs. M. Meyer and Miss A-:nes
McCreary, vice-presidents; Miss Lizzie Doug
lass, F. S. ; Miss E. Bryant. R. S. ; Miss M. Nye,
M.; Miss M. White, T.; Miss M. Miller, I. S. ;
Mrs. M. Napthaly, O. S. ; Mrs. Mnry Sheanon,
Mrs. M. Connors and Miss L. Rupe, trustees.
This parlor, which holds the title of "banner
parlor," has been doing remark nbly well of
late. It has a membership of over two hun
dred and has six applications to act upon,
and from a financial pointof view it is %I solid t "
having more than $1000 in its treasury. At
the close of the installation Miss Bagge, the
retiring president, was the recipient of a
handsome brooch in the shape of a sunburst.
Mrs. Belle Wingfield Conrad, grand vice
president, is making a tour ot visitations in
this City, accompanied by Miss Lizzie Doug
lnss, grand trustee. On Monday night they
visited Las Lomas Parlor, and to-night they
will visit Orinda Parlor.
The installation of the officers of Buena
Vista Parlor will not take place until the 28th
inst.
Grand President Mrs. Mary E. Tlllman is
visiting parlors in the southern part of the
State.
1 oroaters and Companions.
On Monday nlgi.t Washington-square Hall
was crowded with representatives of the
Italian colony to witness the public installa
tion of Court Mtizzini's officers and those of
Mazzlni C'rc c, Companions of the Forest,
branch of the A. O. F. Friendly Society. The
hall had been profusely decorated with the
colors of America and Italy and pictures of
men prominent in the history of Italy adorned
the walls. District Deputy C. O. Fauda and
the board of deputies installed the following
named as the officers of the court: B. Gheffoll,
P. P. C. ; L. I'orta, CIC ; U. Andreazzi, &0. C. ;
G. Aluagin, T. ; C. A. Magestra. F. S. ; J. Mus
so, R. S. ; G. Balducci, G. B. S.; C. Cngnoni, G.
B. G. ; G. Cerighino, B. C. ; P. Zaro, B. G. ; Dr.
C. Barsotti, physician.
The officers of the circle were installed by
Deputy Mrs. V. Ctrvelll, 8. G. R. G., assisted
by Mrs. Louise Hardenburgh of Franklin Cir
cle as grand herald, W. Haack, Mrs. L. a
Bacon. Mrs. 8. M. Smith and the staff-bearers
of Loynl Circle. The floor work is very pretty
and it adds much to the ceremony. lis ren
dition by the participants was loudly ap
plauded several times during the evening.
The new officers are : Mrs. Rosie Peters, C. C. ;
C. O. Fauda, 8. C. ; C. A. Magestra, F. S. ; Mrs.
V. Cervalli, T.; Mrs. L. Messini, R. S. ; Annie
Hurrolli, L. G.; Mrs. C. Garbrini, I. G. ; Mrs.
A.Sanchez, O. G. ; Dr. J. Artieues, physician,
and Mrs. Belle Reynolds, pianist. A dance
followed the ceremony.
Loyal Circle will give a fancy dress party in
Social Hall, Foresters' headquarters, next Sat
urday.
The following officers of Court Liberty were
installed in public last night by fie board of
deputies: H. Mayer, J. P. C. R. ; Thomas J.
Johnson, C. R. ; W. Schuser, S. C. R. ; C. Grun
del, T. ; L. Levi, F. 8..; P. Leint, R. 8.; P. Mat
tin, 8. W. ; W. H. Johnson, J. W.; C. Sheehan,
8. B.; V. Lucich. J. B. ; Dr. Thomas, physician.
After the ceremony there was presented an
excellent programme under direction of Leon
ard Haas, P. V. R., chairman of the committee
of arrangements. High Chief Ranger Case
and Sub-High Chief Ranger Boehm were pres
ent.
Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W.
There was a glorious time last night in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building after
the following officer had been installed for
Stanford Parlor: R. R. Martin, P. P.; Hamron
110 use worth, P.; Charles H. Stanyan, C. F.
Ratto, G. D. Phillips, vice-presidents; F. Van
Duventer, R. S.; Joseph G. Cox, F. 8.: F. H.
Eckenroth, T. ; W. H. Daly, D. A. Austin ana
M. 8. Harloe, trustees; M. J. O'Keefe, I. S.; A.
C. Trautvetier, O. S. ; Dr. E. R. Bryant, sur
geon. At the entertainment that followed
Judge F. H. Kerrigan acted as toast master.
There was singing by E. J. Angello, \V. W.
Ackerson, D. J. O'Callahan, Wtil Hallett.W. J.
O"Bryan,W. W. Fennell aid the Press Club
Quartet, piano solos Dy G. B. McDougall, banjo
solo by W. P. McGonigle, long and short talks
by Judge Ba/ry, Judge Conlan, District Attor
ney Barnes and T. D. Hiordan, and 6. T. Hag
kins told some stories.
The retiring president was presented with a
handsome diamond-set emblematic badge.
The native Australians are said to differ
in several important respect* from every
other race of people on the earth.
WAS THE VALET OF
CHARLES DICKENS
Remarkable Life History of
Jackson Jordan, a
Pioneer.
Celebrated His Eighty-Sixth
Birthday on Friday
Last.
He Was in General Vallejo's Employ
When the Latter Was Captured
at Sonoma*
On Friday last Jackson Jordan, one of
the few surviving argonauts of 1845 and
JACKSON JORDAN, a Pioneer of J845, Who Was Once the Valet
of Charles Dickens and General Vallejo's Overseer.
one of the most remarkable men in Cali
fornia to-day, celebrated his eighty-sixth
birthday and spent the anniversary of his
coming into the world visiting among the
gray- haired veterans who are gradually
passing away.
Jackson Jordan's life history, if it is
ever fully written, will make a volume
that will be interesting to every Califor
nian and to the country at large, for in the
last fifty years, which be has spent
largely in traveling, he has met and been
identified with a great many of tbe men
who have made California annals. He
was born in New Orleans in 1811, his
father being of Scotch-Irish parentage
and his mother a descendant. of a native
of Abyssinia.
Jordans early life was spent in the city
of bis birth until Charles Dickens, the
great English novelist, arrived in New
Orleans on his American tour. He was in
search of a confidential man, and young
Jordan's capabilities so impressed him
that he was engaged by the author.
Jordan was in ins service at ihe time
when Dickens' "American Notes" so in
censed the people that Dickens was com
pelled to flee to New York, and he accom
panied his employer. Later he went to
England with Dickens and remained there
some time.
In 1844 he returned to New York, and in
the following year took passage in the
American ship Jeanette, Captain Atkins,
for California, which was then practically
an unknown region. The vessel landed
first at Honolulu, and in the latter part of
1815 entered the Golden .Gate, landing at
Sausalito.
The early days of 1846 found Jordan at
Honoma as overseer of General Vallejo's
big e-tablishment there. He was present
when the general was captured by the
American forces that routed ttie Mexican
army. Returning to Ban Francisco he
opened the first hotel of tins City, the
Leidesdorff House.
Another turn of fortune's wheel made
Jordan a Sacramento boniface. In 1849 he
conducted the Sutter Hotel at the capital,
paying $3000 a month rental for the estab
lishment.
Flooded out in the latter part of 1849 he
removed to Virginia, Nevada, where be
went into the restaurant business and met
and became intimate with nearly all of
the men who in later years became the
money barons of the Pacific Coast-
Later be returned to California and dur
ing many years' residence in this City was
in the employ of many prominent men,
including Charles Crocker, William
Sharon, William Ralston, Senator Hearst
and others.
In 1879 be was proprietor of the Mint
saloon on Commercial street, which was a
celebrated resort at that time and fre
quented by the heaviest business men of
tne City.
For several years oast he has been con
nected with the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company and is at present
steward oi th ir big liner, Coptic, running
to China and Japan.
Jordan is a giant in stature, beinf,- over
six feet tall, and carrying himself with
the air of a man twenty-five years younger
than he really is.
He is a life-member of the Pioneers and
often calls on members of the organiza
tion to talk of the days wi en there were
but two store* where San Francisco now
stands and gold mining was not thought
of by the simple Mexican inhabitants.
On his eighty-sixth birthday .Agent
Stubos gave him a full holiday. While in
this City Jordan makes his home with
friends at 603}£ Stockton street, where he
has a pretty apartment overlooking the
bay and the >hips that he loves.
"I am getting old," said Jordan yester
day, while Jn a reminiscent mood, "and
most of the frieuds of my younger days
have gone, but I shall sail many a day be
fore I dock for the last time."
CONTEST TOE AUDITOB.
William Broderlck Continues to Hold
His Own "With "William A. Oeanc.
The contest of William A. Deane against
William Broderick for the office oi Aud
itor is still occupying Judge Troutt's atten
tion, and half a dozen clerks are kept
busy with their tally-sheets.
Up to the present time very little change
has been shown by the recount, and the
fact is disclosed that the returns of the re
[ cent election were made out in a first-class
manner— at least so far as the recount has
gone. If this may be said to prove any
thing it is that the people are becoming
accustomed to the workings of the Aus
tralian ballot, ana are ab e to vote intelli
gently and secure honest returns for their
vot«s under its provisions. i
Yesterday's work included the winding \
up of the recount of the Forty-fourth As- A
sembly District and a recount of a part of 1
the Thirty-sixth Assembly District.
In the Forty-fourth District the result
was as follows:
Precinct 7, Deane sains 2; Precinct 8, Denne
trains 2; Precinct 9, no change; Precinct 10,
Deane gains 1, uroderxk loses 2; Precinct 11,
Broderick gains 2. Deane gains 4; Precinct 12,
Broderick gains 1; Precinct 13, BroderkK
Rains 2; Precinct 14, no change; Precinct 15,
Deane loses 1.
In the Thirty-sixth District the follow
ing figures were given :
Precinct 1, Broderick gains 2; Precinct 2,
Broderick gains 1, Deane loses 1 ; Precinct 3,
uo change; Precinct 4. no change.
The net result to date is a gain of one
for Broderick.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
Action Taken on the Tennessee and
Hamburg Kxpositions— An A*«ist
ant Commiialonor Appointed.
The board of directors of the State
Board of Trade met yesterday in regular
session. J. A. Filcher presided.
By resolution the board decided to do
all in its power to iurthar the interests of
this State at the Hamburg Exposition,
and the action of Manager Filcher in
getting a bill introduced into the Legis
lature for an appropriation for the Ten
nessee Exposition was duly indorsed.
Some little clashing had resulted on
account of the fact that both a commis
sion and a committee were in existence to
co-operate with Manaeer Filcher in
petting funds and collecting material for
the exhibit at Hamburg, and it was
founa expedient to abolish the commit
tee. B. N. Rowley, the chairman, was ap
pointed to assist Commissioner Trow
bridge.
Hebrew l,adl.»' Association.
At the regular meeting of the First Hebrew
Ladies' Mutual Benefit Association, held San
day, January 10, IS'J7. the following officers
were duly installed for the ensuing term:
President, J. Sterling; vice-president, P. L.
Jacobs; secretary, s. Merer; treasurer, I Baer
trustees—M. Davl»,P. Harris and M. Cooper;
messenger, J. P. Sies.
Caufornia giaco lruita, 50c ib. Townneni'i.'
Mocha, pistache & camelia cake. 905 Larkin.*
Standard patterns, highest perfection, lowest
price. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pre»i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
George W. Cable, tne American novelist, it
to make a tour of England next year, when he
will give a teries of readings from his works.
Pblllfps' Kocit island ixourslona
Leave Ban Francisco every Wednesday, via R\%
Grande and Rocs Island Hallways. Througfc
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany theo excursions :a
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
and further Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent KOCk Island Hallway, 80 Mod*
gomery street, ban Francisco.
"Mrs. Win»low'i Soothine Syrnn"
Has been n»ed over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children whlie Teething with p»r
fect success. It soothes the child, softens ibegam*.
alluyg Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates -.he Bowuli
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, w he tner aris
ing lrom teething or other causes. *or sale by druj
gisis in every part of the world. Bo nure and u<
lor Mrs. VV inslow'g tFootbing Syrup. »&c * bouli
fonoNAKO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry. «<m .
-Bnd mild, being entirely free from the mists com.
mon further north. Houud-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Howl Jj I
C0r0nad0, .965: longer stay 92 SU per day- Ap,i.y
■ 4>ew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
' — a'".." , _ .
- . The best 'j remedy ''. for : constipation Is Ayer's
Pills. They never fail. Have yon seen Ayer'3
Almanac for this year? / '';.-. - "\; - .
SEW TO-DAT.
I
makes your
cake "just so;
good to eat and
good to show. 1
i 4*^ Ttllmann ft Bendel. MfnjI BPAY... JANUARY 13, 1897
AAIUSEME.NTS.
Balbwtk Thkatkb-— "The O.d Homestead."
(. unnu i HKATKB-"Kerry Gow.
Noroscos OPKBA-Hocßfc.— ■ Land of the Mid-
D!j;hl boa.' . ,
Alcazar Theater — "Chlspa."
Tivon oi'kiia -Uovge Jack and The Bean-
fa, it.
« 'Ki'HKrv— HlKh-C!a.«w Vaudeville. -i:.
rn>ri.K'-< Palace.— Mahara's Kenned Minstrels
Mkhanics' Pavilion— Prot Gieason, to-mor-
row null:- BSlffi
In chutes ani> Bkati'n-^ Rink.— Daily at
Baigbt street, one block east of the Park.
bCTBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
1 Aciiic C oabt Jotkky ci.inn.— Races to-day. .
AUCTION tAU.S.
By rniVAN & Eovlk- Friday. January 15.
Horses. Buggies, etc, at 514 Brannan street, at 11
o clone.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Rain Wednesday, with fresh winds, is to
da\ 'a weather prediction."
Christine Claybnrgh has sued for a divorce
from Charles R. Clayburgh.
The Cli umber of Commerce elected officers
for the ensuing term yesterday.
The Board of Directors of the SUte Board of
Trade met in regular session yesterday.
The Grand Consistory of the State of Califor
nia will be in annual communication mis
aiternoon.
The old bark Richard 111 has been con
demned and sola to parties in Victoria, B. C,
for a hulk.
Coroner Hawkins held ten inquests yesterday
upon the bodies of people who had met with
violent deaths.
The Coptic will take away next Saturday
almost an entire caigo of flour and cotiou for
China and Japan.
P. C. Johnson was badly injured by a run
away horse at Pine and Kearny streets. I. L.
Baar had a narrow e&eape.
William Broderick continues to hold his own
in the cor. t«-st lor the office of Auditor insti
tuted by William A. Dearie.
Mrs. Frank W. Bennett. 506 Ellis street, had
her husband and brotner-in-law arrested
yesterday on a charge of battery.
Lcv«t Gir>, Boreas, George Palmer, Fortuna,
Midlo and Rosebud wers the winning horses
at the track across the bay yesterday.
The annual convention of the Railway Mail
Service Mutual Benevolent Association will be
held iv this City, beginning March 16.
John Phillips has sued Michael Hodge and
Catherine Hodge to quiet title to a lot on
Union street, near Kearny, in this City.
AY. E. Palmer has sued I. B. L. Brandt lor
borrowed from the People's Home Sav
ings Bank and indorsed to Palmer for collec
tion.
Prosecuting Attorney Pare, on retiring from
office yesterday, was deservedly complimented
for his clean administration by Judge Joacb
lmsen.
Ricardo White, who died in this City re
cently, bequeathed all his property, amount
iug 16 about $500, to his niece, Mrs. Annie
Lanteri.
Robert Hamilton, & barkeeper, was sent to
the \lameda County Jail for six months for
sen ling vulgar letters through the United
States mail.
Employment agents denounce Labor Com
missioner Fitzgerald as a political faker who
Is seeking to do dirty work for his brother and
Governor Budd.
The British ship Glenesslin that was scuttled
in New York harbor in order to put out a fire
in her kerosene cargo, is now at anchor in
Bichardsons Bay.
The will of Lena Gartenberg has been filed
for probate. It bequeaths 'the estate of the
testator to her immediate relatives, some of
whom are in Russia.
The further hearing of the criminal libel
suit against Benjamin F. HudeJson in Judge
Campbell's court was by consent continued
yesterday till January 21.
Mary Campion has sued the Police Commis
sioners to compel the return of $30 to the Po
lice Pension Fund, alleged ;o have bees
wrongfully paid to J. F. Moran.
Mrs. Elizabeth Roy, manager of the Sunset
Merchandise Club, was arrested yesterday on
a charge of petty larceny preferred by Mri.
•Donoran, on© of the mem bers.
Mrs. Rose Morrison has asked tbe Probate
Court to appoint her administratrix of the es
tate o; her late husband, John Morngon, who
left an estate valued at about $3000.
Three condemnation suits have been or
dered by the Valley road, and on their deter
mination the work of extending the road from
Fresno to Bakersfield will be at once begun.
Albert G. de Vincent and George Smith re
fused to pay a bill of $2 for an early morning
meal in a restaurant on Post and Larkin
streets, and were arrested for disturbing the
ptaee.
The board of directors of the Merchants'
Association held a special meeting to prepare
their quarterly report, which will be presented
at Academy of Sciences Hall nest Thursday
evening.
Tne Grand Jury yesterday indicted Jake
Rudolph lor bis assault upon Henry Leslie
with a revolver. The f&ma'.e pick-pockets,
Annie Pickett and Mamie Bonuer, were also
Indicted.
Argument wa3 neard in the Supreme Court
yesterday in a suit brought to test the consti
tutionality ot \ne act passed in 1895, provid
ing for the co.iection of taxes on personal
property in this county.
C. H. Hammett, Henry Sears, George Leon
ard, L. C. Brand and John Harrington have
incorporated the Interstate Investment Com
pany, to dpftl in land, crops and iuch matters.
The cupital stock is fixed at $500,000.
Application has been made by the vestry of
St. John's Church and parish for leave to re
mortgage their property on Fifteenth street,
near Julian avi-nue, to pay off a mortgage of
$18,000 due the German Saving' Bank.
Samuel McFudden hag asked the Probate
Court to appoint him administrator of the
estates of Nicholas Powers and Aaguxta Zer
wer, deceased, for tbe purpose of collecting
irom said estates money due petitioner.
Miss Clemence Reiss, eldest daughter of Ber
nard Rei.<B, of the firm of Neuburger, Rei«s <fe
Co., and Adolph Nordman of the Standard
Optical Company wt re married last evening
at the Concordia Club rooms, the Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger officiating.
Mrs. Lizzie Lampman, arrested for drunken
ness was taken from the California-street
police station early yesterday morning to the
Receiving Hospital, apparently Buffering from
strychnine poisonine, butshe claimed she was
fcubject to epileptic fits.
The Board of Regents of tbe University of
California met yesterday for the first time
tlii- year and transacted a good deal of busi
ness. It was decided to lay the cornerstone of
the Afti.inted Colleges on Washington's Birth
day and to make tbe occasion memorable.
George Bohme, by his attorney, F. W. Van
Reynegom, has sued the San Francisco and
Smh Mateo Electric Railway Com pan v for
$2500 for injuries received by being thrown
irom a wagon on account of the dangerous
condition in which the defendant's tracks
were left and a collision with a passing car.
The University of California was yesterday
presented v\:;n 1000 valuable volumes that
had been the reference books of Dr. Greene
baum, a noted German rabbi and scholar.
They deal with Hebraic matters and will
form the nucleus of a library of Semetic lan
guagea at Berkeley, in which the Jewish
people of the State will take a great interest.
KEW TO-DAT-
BABn
SKIN
- In all the world there is no other treatment
Bo pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating. every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Cuticcba Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuhcuju. (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
-^^(■^ la told throuirhout lhe world. Porrit
£>kuo& CntM. Corp., Hole Prop*., Boston. - : '
*#-'• Ail About the Skin. Bc»lp,ao<i Hair," free. r _: ;
EVERY TTTTMni? FwmPlmplet to Pcrofnta
*-i f XIJ.VX, XX U JlVflV , cnrt< J \,j COTICBKA.
HAS BEEN MANNY
TIMES IN PERIL
The Glenesslin, Now in
Port, Was Scuttled in
New York.
Her Cargo of Coal Oil on Fire,
So a Desperate Remedy
Was Necessary.
Another Battle-Ship Will Start on
a Long Cruis'. — The Oregon
Has Her Orders.
The Eritish ship Glenesslin, now tied
up in Richardson Bay awaiting a wheat
charter, has had a hard time of it during
the past twelve months, fche has been in
several hurricanes and was on fire and
scuttiea in New York harbor. Alter being
raised and repaired she took a cargo of
kero-ene to Hongkong and from that
point went to England, where she was
loaded for San Francisco.
'•After we discharged at New York,"
said Captain Pritchard yesterday, "we
were chartered to load paraffine oil for
China. Unfortunately for all concerned,
three days before we were to sail the ship
took fire in the after end underneath the
cabin, and in order to save the vessel the
fire brigade sank her. My wife and I had
been away to Philadelphia to bid our
friends good-by, and when we returnee! to
the Glenesslin she was eight feet under
water. 1 and my wife and child saved
nothing in the world but what was on our
backs, so you can imagine our feelings.
They move quickly in New York, how
ever, and in five days my ship was raised
and pumped out and tbe'work of repairing
her began. It cost $30,000 to put her in
order again, and then are toon on board a
fresli car^o of oil and made a start for
Hongkong."
A cut of the raising of the Glenesslin
was made from a photograph taken by
Captain Pritchard at the time. The
G enesslin is not chartered, and the
chances are that she will remain there for
several months to come.
The American ship E. B. Sutton ar
rived from New York yesterday after an
uneventful passage of 155 days. She
brings an unusually heavy general cartro
and will be docked at once and probably
begin discharging this afternoon. On
Thanksgiving day, iv latitude 25 south,
longitude 86 west, Alfred Locke, second
officer, died of consumption and was
buried at sea. He was a general favorite
on the Sutton and his death cast a gloom
over the entire crew, so Thanksgiving
waß not a time for rejoicing on board the
E. B. Sutton.
The Merchants' Exchange received the
following telegrams yesterday from Lon
don:
The British steamer Glenesk, previously re
ported, has No. 4 ballast tank full of water,
and not as before reported.
The British 6teamer Queen Olga. previously
reported having put into Nagasaki, lias- gone
into dock. It is believed that the cargo Is un
injured. Repairs will probably be coraDleted
in twenty days. Cost is estimated at £'-JSOO.
The Alaska Packers' Association held
its annual meeting yesterday and re
elected the present managers and board
of directors. The report of the year's
work showed s fair surplus and the Block
holders were satisfied with the business
done. The association will send out a
largo salmon fleet next spring, and in
creased profits are expected.
T. W. Leydecker, the well-known saloon
man and * pigeon-fancier and who lor
twenty-two years has been in business 0:1
the water front, retired intf private life
yesterday. He sold put his establishment
for cash, and will in future devote his
time and energies to the business ol rais
ing carrier-pigeons and ma-ing his hjrht
for thf position of postma-ter of Alameda.
Mr. Ltydecker is at present one of the
Town Trustees, but he teeks the higher
office, and, as both the Congressman and
Senator from the district are lor him, the
chances are all in his favor.
The tug Columbia arrived from Coos
Bay yesterday in order to undergo an
overhauling. She is a sister vessel to the
Hunter, now in port, and both of them
belong to the A. M. Simpson Lumber
Company. The Hunter has been over
hauled and is now in first-class order. She
will leave at once for Coos Bay and re.
sume the towing of lumber vessels to sea,
while the Columbia is liable to remain'
here lor some months and handle the
vessels at this end.
The battle-ship Oregon has been or
dered to Acapulco and all is bustle and
hurry on board. The boys in blue are
more than pleased with the iuea of a
change as they are tired of lying off the
Union Iron Works with nothing to do.
Yesterday the warship had all her coal
and water aboard and by noon to-day she
will be fully provisioned. Tnen the lads
will be given an opportunity to say fare
well to their sweethearts and wives
and to-morrow the Oregon will an
chor in Richardson's Bay. Friday morn
ins on the first tiue she will sail" for Cen
tral America and the battle-ship will be
off on her first long cruise. No great
speed can be expected from her as her
bottom is foul, but nevertheles" wherever
she goes the credit of Caliiornia will be
upheld.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic will take away a full
cargo of cotton and flour for Japan and
China next Saturday. Yesterday a river
steamer's load of flour and five carloads of
cotton were being rushed aboard simulta
neously.
The American ship Samaria, which ar
rived from Departure Bay lost night, re
ports the sea.ing schooner Allie I. Alger
clean. She was spoken sixty roilea west
of Point Arena, and the captain said he
had then five boats out, but that since
leaving San Francisco it was the tirst occa
sion on which he had been able to hunt.
None of the sealers that left last month
have so far paid expenses.
The American ship Kennebec, that came
in yesterday in tow of the wrecker White
law, brought in the largest load of lumber
that lias ever come from Puget Sound in
one vessel. In the hold and on the deck
there is 1.600,000 fe»t of rougft lumber, and
the captain thinks he might have brought
a few thousand feet more bad the weather
been favorable. As she passed up the bay
the K<*nnebec had a heavy list to star
bjard, but this was due to the fact that a
portion of the deck load had shifted.
The Harbor Commissioners have ac
cepted Chief Engineer Holmes' plans for
the flagstaff 0:1 t;,e ferry-depot tower. It
will be of steel hydraulic pipe and on the
;pp will he a cold-plated ball, eighteen
inches in diameter. The halyards will be
of manila and copper. When completed
the distance from the street to th<» top of
the pole will be 276 feet. On the tower
will also be placed the red, green and
white lights of a ship in crder to guide
the lerry-boats in making a landing.
Lin Hop, a despondent Chinese, jumped
overbonrd from Clay-street wharf yester
day. He was rescued by Se-geant Ma-
Uoney and Bent <o the Receiving Hospital.
He said he had nS money and no friends
ami wanted to die.
The sealing tehooner Luisa D is minus
one of her hunters. An incoming coaster
reports that Captain Thompson said that
one of bis men bad lost his life while out
hunting-
The old bark Richard IH has b»en pur
chased by parties in Victoria, B. C, and
will be cut down an 1 turned into a barge.
At one time she was one of the fastest and
best vessels of ncr class on the coast. Now
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
The British Ship Glenesslin as She Appeared When Being Raised in New York Harbor. Her
Coal Oil Cargo Caught Fire and She Had to Be Scuttled. The Glenesslin Is Now
Laid Up in Richardson's Bay*
she has outgrown her usefulness and has
to be turned into a hulk.
of Police Crowley received a dis
patch last night from Senator Perkins,
Washington, that tie Government would
place the revenue cutler Perry at his dis
posal in effecting the arrest of Frank But
ler, the murderer, on the arrival ol the
Swanhilda from Newcastle, N. S. W.
SIXTEEN AND IN PRISON.
Martha Wohltmann Detained Under Sus
picion of Having Helped to Kob
Her Own House.
Martha Wohltmann, a girl 16 years of
age, is accused by her parents of having
connived with a young man-to rob their
house and of having helped him in the
commission of the crime.
The girl's father is Claus Wohltmann, a
teamster, living at 25 Isis street, which
runs between Twelfth and Thirteenth
streets from Folsom to Harrison. The
house was broken into on Sunday night,
December 27, daring the absence of the
famiiy, and $70 in coin, a gold watch,
diamond ring, gold ring and otaer jew
elry stolen.
The burglary was reported to the police,
and suspicion fell upon Martha, as she
had been away from home from the night
of the burglary.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Wobltmann
saw Martha talking to a young man on
Mission street. As soon as they saw Mrs.
Wohltmann going toward them they sep
arated and ran in different directions.
Mrs. Wohltmann pursued Martha for sev
eral blocks and would have been forced to
give up the chase if Policeman Lynch had
not taken part.
Lynch took the mother and daughter to
police headquarters and Mrs. Wohltmann
tearfully told of her daughter' 3 perfidy.
The girl refused to say anything and she
was detained pending further investiga
tion.
Later the girl said she was married by
contract to a younz man named Jack
Long and on the afternoon of the burg
lary she met Long on McAllister ana Lar
kin streets. He went home with ncr till
she could pet her clothes and then they
went to live in a lodgine-house on Mis
sioh street. She denied that either she or
Long took any of the money or jewelry,
but the police do not believe her.
After she hud told her story she was, at
the request of her mother, booked for
some public institution aud will probably
be sent to the Magdalen Asylum to-day.
POSTAL CLERKS TO MEET.
The Annual Gathering; Will : Be Held
in This City in March
, . Next. •
The annual convention of the Railway
Mail Service Mutual Benevolent Associa
tion wiil be held in San Francisco this
year, beginning March 16. There are 3754
members in the association and the repre
sentation at the gathering in this City will
be very large. In this, the eighth division,
there are 122 me :a bers. One reason for
the organization being so strong is be
cause the death benefits, $2000. are paid at
once upon official notification of death.
There is $30,000 in the treasury.
It is likely from present appearances
that the majority of the members wili as
semble at Chicago and come from there in
Pullman cars specially set aside for their
use. The convention will last nearly a
week, but before the postal officials return
to the East they will spend two or three
days in Los Angeles.
i'he local members are hard at work
raising funds to entertain their friends,
and among themselves they have secured
so far about $2000. In order to help out in
thi6 direction several entertainments are
in preparation. The first wiil be a lecture
and stereopticon entertainment to be held
in the Young Mens' Christian Association
building on February 4. The subject will
be "The Postal Service," by Postal In
spector J. W. Erwin. Other entertain
ments will take place before the conven
tion.
SLAVONIAN CLUB BANQUET-
The Annual Social Occasion by tbe
National Club.
It was a fine-looking assembly of young
men which sat down at Martinelli's last
night to a festive board. The occasion
was the fourth annual banquet of the
Slavonian National Social Club, which is
given each year by the club soon after the
annual election. There was pinging of
Slavonian songs by a septet, and speech
making. Among those who talked were:
The retiring president, P. S. Sanbuk; the
president-elect, S. Kucich; F. Lastufka,
F. de Kurtoni and C. Antonioli. The ban
quet was a very enjoyable one. The newly
elected officers are: President, S. Kucich;
vice-president, V. A. Fabris; treasurer, S.
Perkovich; recording secretary, G. Leov;
financial aecrPtary. S. Pecarich; directors —
V. Soljan, V. Karuza, J. Stanovich, J.
Pecarich. Those present were:
Spiro Vuscovich, J. M. Svago, V. Soljan, N.
Banac, A. Marmcovic, O. Knoch, M. Sorich, F.
Morino, V. A. Spiletak, A. Kucioh, A. Slavich,
J. Karuza, K. Antoniolt, P. Tornich, F. de
XurionL J. Slanovich. V. A. Fabris, G, Kosicb,
tt. Zan, P. S. Sanbrlk. V. Karuza. S. Perkovicn,
8. Kuiic!., J. Pecarich, D. Fabris, F. J. Las
tufka, S. Baker, G. Leov, L. Lujak, P. Justin,
W. Sanbuk, H. Simpklns. A. Mardeslcli, J.
Juricn, N, Stuparich, P. Kuclch, V. Kovace
vich, P. Borovinich.
There Were Giants in Those I):»y«.
Ilaskctt Smith, the famous Orientalist whose
lectures are becoming so popular, will deliver
what is supposed to be the best of the series—
"Baalbek, the Stupendous; or. the Cities of
the Giants"— in the Younjj Men's Christian
Association Hall, Meson and Ellis streets, this
evening. This lecture was delivered before
8000 people Ht the Crystal Palace, London, as
well as by special request before the Prince of
Wales at Mnrlborougn House.
OBJECT TO TAX
COLLECTION LAWS
An Attempt to Upset the Act
That Was Passed
in 1895.
Plea That It Is Unconstitutional
Submitted in the Supreme
Court.
C aim Made of U: just Discrimination
Between Holders of Diffjrent
Classes of Property.
The act amending tbe Political Code
relative to the collection of taxes in this
county, which act was approved March
28, 1895, was under fire in tte Supreme
Court yesterday. The suit was that of C. J
B. Rode and William Bchultheis, doing j
business under tbe firm name of C. B.
Rode & Co., against Assessor John 1).
Siebe. Assistant Attorney-General Jack
son appeared to represent Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald, trying thai the State
would be represented on briefs. Waller
H. Levy appeared as attorney for the
appellant, C. B. Rode & Co., and made an
argument attacking the act on the ground
of its unconstitutionality.
Considerable attention was paid by
other attorneys in court to one phase of
the case, which was presented by the
plaintiff, as follows:
We adhere to tbe proposition that under the
constitution tlie Legislature has no power 10
exempt from taxation any private property
whatsoever. If any practical inconvenience
shall result from our construction of the clause
in question, the remedy will be found in an
amendment to the instrument itself. It tl our
province to expound it as we find it, and not
to supply its omissions, if auy there be, by
forced interpretations.
Tnus it will be seen by the act approved
March 28, 1895. that the Assessor has the
right to .evy, seize and sell personal property
unsecured by v lien upon real estate on the
15th day of June, and the taxpayer who owns
tiie real estate has until October to pay his
taxes on his personal property. A law subject
ing one class of taxpayers to execution for
taxes due upon a certain date, while other
taxpayers are exempt from such executiou
until a later date, is unconstitutional.
The facts in the case were that Assessor
Siebe, May 20, 1895, demanded of the ap
! pellants the immediate payment of taxes
j upon certain personal property owned by
I them for the fiscal year beginning July 1,
1895, and threatened that unless the ap
pellants paid him the sum assessed against
them forthwith he would seize the prop
erty and sell it, or so much as was neces
sary to maKe the required sum. The As
sessor made an arbitrary assessment alter
tbe appellants had tiled and sworn to a
siatenient of their personal property. The
appellants contended that they had al
ready paid their personal property tax for
I the fiscal year 1^94-95, and that when the
assessment was demanded no tax had
been levied for the fiscal year 1895 96 ana
that t >c Assessor had no authority to col
lect taxes until the levy was made.
TEN VIOLENT DEATHS.
Coroner Hawkiu* K«pt Buiy With Mur
der*, Suicides and Fatal ■
. / Accidents.
Ten inquests were held by Coroner
Hawkins in cases where people ■ had met
with violent deaths. A verdict of acci
dental death was returned in the case of
John Hogan, who died! in , the Receiving
Hospital from a fracture of ! the * skull on ;
the 4th inst. ,; Hogan was a laborer, 45 years
of age, and lived at 1912% Mission- street.
Several days before his death' he was on a
hay- wagon on Oak and Devisadero streets
and was run into by an electric car. The
jury did not tnink that any one but Hogan
was to blame for the accident ?as he got
in tlie way of the car with his vehicle.
"Murdered by some unknown person,"
was the verdict returned ;in the case of
Chu Chang or Jung, who was shot to
death ou JacKSon street and St. Louis al
ley on the nicht oi December 23. De
ceased was Va fisherman f and \ the 'killing
was the outcome of lone of the highbinder
feuds among Chinese. \ ' . ' :".'.. .
: ; Otto G. Heuser, a native of Germany, 50
years of age, residing at 1364 ParK street,
Alnmeda, went to Golden : Gate ; Park ; : on
the 26th ult. and blew his brains out with
a revolver. A verdict of suicide ; was '; re
. turned. ' -' : - -'•■.'■".:... •":. : .. : -. ...';'_ '.'.". ■".
On the 27th of last month there was a
fire in the California Glue .Works in South'
San Francisco 4 and Henry Hollier ? was
burned so badiy that he did not live long
thereafter. The jury thought that bis
death v was accidental. ;;;- :-M : r
, f * ; Late In the afternoon of December 28
the body of Lo How ; was found suspended
by a rope from the rafters of a small barn
in the rear of 808 Stockton 'street. A bul
let wound was found in the right side of
his head. \;t It was learned that there had
been a row aruone the Chinese at 808
Stockton street several evenings belore.
Tb> hanging of How to 'j the rafters was
evidently % a bungling attempt on the part
'of the murderers to lead the public to be
lieve that he had committed; suicide, but
the autopsy showed that it was.' the bullet
that killed the Chinaman and not the
rope. A verdict of murder by parties un
known was returned by the Coroner's jury.
Alonzo P. Bovd, who lived at 098 Twenty
fourth street, Oakland, committed suicide
with a revolver in a lodging-house at 719
Market street, this City, on December 28.
A verdict in accordance with the facts was
found. Deceased was 40 years old and a
naiive of Kentucky.
On November 1 F. W. Scheuricn, a shoe
maker living at 8 Virginia court, left his
home after sending a note to a friend that
he intended to end his life. On the 6th
inst. his body was found in the bay off
Lombard-street wharf. Suicide was the
verdict.
Trie jury returned a verdict of accidental
death in the case of Harry Hart, a bar
keeper at the New Western Hotel, at SOO
Kearny street. On January 1 Hart fell
over xhe railing while going upstairs in
the hotel and fractured his skull. Death
resulted the next day from his injuries.
He was 37 years of age.
Because the man she loved refused to
return her affection Barbara Groom took a
dose of carbolic acid that caused her death.
The tragedy happened on the 4:h inst. at
402 Geary street. She was 18 years of age
and came from Colusa. Suicide was the
verdict.
Coroner Hawkins and the jury dis
agreed on the verdict in the case of
Frank H. Brockman, who on the 2d snot
Marguerite Hoilis and then ended his life
with a bullet. The traeedy took place in
a saloon on McAllister and Leavenworth
streets. No one saw the shooting. He
shot the woman in the jaw and she is now
in the hospital, and then placed the
muzzle of the weapon in his own mouth
and blew his brains out. Previous to this
Brockman told his sister that lie intended
to commit suicide. All of these facts
were presented to the jury, but Miss
Hoilis was not able to be present and give
her testimony. However, the jury re
turned the following: "Owing to the lack
of evidence and believing that the proper
steps have not been taken in securing cvi- !
dence we. the jury, are unaDle to render a j
decision in this case."
Coroner Hawkins was not satisfied with
this return and refused to accept the same.
He took the legal right he has to ar
bitrarily decide questions under such cir
cumstances and signed % 'Suicide" to the
inquisition papers.
HEALTH STATISTICS,
Seinl-Annual Keport of the Secretary
of the Board of Health.
Trie semi-annual report of the Health
Department for the period ending Decem
ber 31 last has been prepared by the sec
retary of the Board of Health. The fact
of an unfavorable death rate in propor
tion to the birth rate is attributed to the
fact that physicians are remiss in report
ing births, and legislation on the matter
is recommended.
During the six months'ending December
31, 1896. the total number of deaths was
2997, an average of 9.06 per thousand.
The rates were: July 505, August 454,
September 466, October 506. November 463,
December 603. Of these 2743 were white,
1230 Mongolians find 24 colored. Married
1019, single 1595, widowers 144, widows 186,
unascertained 53. The to.al number of
deaths for the year was 6036, consisting of
3650 males, 2386 females.
Fell Twenty Feet.
Fred Carlson, a carpenter, employed in the
erection of the new building corner of Geary
and Stockton streets, met with a serious acci
dent yesterday morning. He was working on
tiie first story clo.>e to the elevator well when
he was struck by the elevator as it was de
scending. He fell to the ground floor, a dis
tance of about twenty feet. The ambulance
was s unmoned and he was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that he
i »a< suffering from contusions of the side and
' back and possible internal injuries. He lives
at the Continental Hotel.
First National Directors.
The election of directors for the First Na
tional Bank has resulted in the choice of the
entire former board. The members of the old
board are: 8. G. Murnhy, James Moffltt, George
A. Low, J. Downey Harvey, Thomas Jennings,
N. Van Bergen, James D. Phulan, J. A. Hooper
and George C. i'erkuis.
•"V : -./;^ ''■• NEW TO-DAT. \'j \ :
fM on
iPUiUu
For an oil- heat-
er/ -Why i freeze
for the -balance
of- r the
"-. when; heat ; is ' so
:the season's run
on oil-heaters,: '•■
| gg-fssSiji McKINLEY
•-*v '^mS?BJFSI "WATERS
30 INCHES HIGH. come
and see the MYERS BLUE FLAME. It
will suit you.'. '. .£_
JOHN F.MYERS CO.,
■ 947 Market St., Next to Hales.;
POWELL STREET IN
RED AND WHITE
A Prismatic Display Was
Produced Last
Night.
Night's Darkness Completely
Overcome by Arc
Lights.
A Dazzling Eff.ct Produced on the
Block Between Eddy and
Ellis Streets.
The long-expected electric display of
arc lights on Powell stre6t from Eddy to
Ellis was realized last night for the lirst
time.
The business men whose names have
already appeared in The Call were more
than gratified at the result of their enter
prise when they saw the dazzling effect
produced.
The artistic effect was most pleasant to
behold as the twelve white lights— six on
each side of the street — shone. To Rive a
prismatic effect to this strong l.ght fonr
red lamps were nun? over the center of
the street. Their subdued crimson rays
blended with the additional illumination
at the various stores and cafes and those
of the Baldwin Hotel.
A noticeable feature was the cream
colored lamps in the windows of Haub
Brothers' bakery and confectionery par
lors on the opposite side. These were par
ticularly admired, together with what may
be termed the headlight en the Columbia
Woolen-mill Clothing-store. The electric
illuminated Colombia Theater a l?w yards
farther north was made more conspicuous.
This wonderful transformation of that
one block attracted wide attention.
In the absence of Samuel H. Fried
lander, the president of the Powell-street
Improvement Club, who is on his way
from Portland, Or., the duties of superin
tending the illumination devolved on
Charles C. Haub of Hanb Brothers, who
assumed full charge on the declination of
Jacob J. Gottlob of the Columbia Theater,
whose business prevented him from taking
a prominent part in the management.
The contract with the electric light
company is for a period of six months,
with the provision that the six red lights
remain liphted during the entire night.
The white lights will be extinguished at
midnight.
The expense, which is so cheerfully
borne by all the business people on the
street, save one, amounts to $50 per week.
As an example of the progressive spirit
of the people on this block Haub Bros.'
gas and electric lijiht bills amount to $100
per month, and this sum is cheerfully paid
because of the increase of business since
they acded lights in their premises.
To a Warmer Climate.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin has
received an order from the Attorney-General
at Washington to transfer United States
jnnr to-pat: . ;^v
THE SAN FRANCISCO
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
: 22 Geary St., Near Kearny. .
Telephone Grant 518.
CLOSING SALE
—OF—
FALL IMPORTATIONS.
100 Suits at $8.50, worth $5.
100 Suits at $4.50. worth $6.
; 100' Suits at $7, worth $10.59.
100 Suits at $8.75, w0rth $12.25
Black Moire Yelour 90c,
Worth $1.25. .
• Black Moire Velour $1.25,
Worth $1.75".
We carry by far the largest
■= and most complete stock of
> Black Fabrics.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
': •'! KEW TO'LAT-AMDSEMENTI ■■'■■■:
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSH
MH3.Kk>.-i£stikk Krkt.tv*. Proprietor Jt M.*u»<j.-
THIS EVENING ';
THE HIT, "AiL OVr;K TOWN." '
THE -; SECOND ? EDITION
. •;. Of Our Triumphant Holiday Spectacle, 'v-
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
; -■. --. '• SONGS. ' '
ATI? IV DANCKS. : :
l>J!i»V BALLETS.
• " -' J 'V/ SPECIALTIES.
. THE DANCING COW.
The Growing Beanstalk. Electric Janissaries.
• THK. "A REAL BALLET.
"WHAT WILL THEY SPRING ON US
"■ :- » NEXT?" ■■-■ -'..J- '
BRING THE CHILDREN.
'■ BKCUREYOUR BKATB IN ADVANCE. /
Pooular Prices.;.. .:.;.. 25c and -500
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
COMMENCING " MONDAY. JAN. <; ill
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. - -
Big Ovation! Great Success:
; DAKKEST AMERICA, . ■
MAHARA'S REFUED JttIiVSTRELS!
35— COLORED » ARTISTS !-^-35 V,".
■■■■■' —Headed by the Only— —
Parade at Noon Dally 10c, aoc, 3Oc.
DACING! RACING! RACING!
-—CALIFORNIA; JOCKEY CLUB— '
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23. Inclusive.
' OAKLAND RACE TRACK. •
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
'lhursday, Friday- and Saturday. ,-. .
■ . ';■. 'Kain or shine.' ■-;.':-
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
—Races • Start iat V 2 : 1 5 ■ P. i M. i Sharp
: Ferry *,oats leave San Francisco at 12 v. and
1 12:30,1 .00. 1:30, 2 -.00 , 2:30 and 3P. m.. connect-
ing wltn trains stopping at sue entrance to track.
"Buy your ferry tickets to shell Mound. ;. ? "''■:*""
■ Returning— Trains ' leave the TracSc at 4:15 an!
4:45 P. if. and immediately after the last race.
- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR,*trealdenU <y
; :. R. B. MILROY, secretary. r y^-- r : ' ' ■ "
SUTRO BATHS.
■ T Open Daily From 7 A. 1. to 6.*". M.
Bathlne, Including Admission— Adults
:;;xi'2sc; Children ii)c.
General Adm ion,^lOo ; Children, sc.
' XIIO-OF-WAK NEXT SUNDAY. -\;
sew to-dat:
. mm -.
■I ; Holes in Your Health. I :
if ~~ i
( 1 What doe? , that mean ? Sup- <![
,') pose you are taking in money <]i
'I all day, and drop. it into a <-([
i? pocket with holes ; you will -|i
( » find yourself a loser instead of - <ii[
< a gainer by the day's business. <j •
J Same with your health. .You a\
-( gainer drink and sleep, yet $•
Same with your health. You »\
eat and drink and sleep, yet j>]>
] lose instead of gain strength. j\
i There's a hole in your health. /]>
| Some blood disease, probably, [
<l ■ sapping ' your vitality. You '
i ( can't begin, too soon, to take 1 i
1 the great blood purifier, [
I Ayer's Sarsaparilla. ]i
prisoner, James Murphy, from the State Prison
at San Quentin to tfce penitentiary at Yuma.
Ariz. In tne order the Attorney-General
states that the application for a transfer was
made on account of the prisoner's ill health,
the latter being afflicted with consumption,
as attested by Dr. William Lawler, the resident
physician of San Quentin. Deputy Marshal
Monckton will leave with the prisoner within
a day or two.
. ♦ . ■
Director* Chosen.
The following directors and officers for" the
House of Refuge at 1057 Golden Gate avenue
have been selected by the Federation of
Women: Mrs. Eva E. Bates, president; Mrs.
J. E. Hill, nrat vice-president ; Mrs. K. S.
Aitken, second vice-president; Dr. Mrs. T. B.
Jones, treasurer; Miss C. L. Smith, recording
secretary; Mrs. L. M. Kimball, corresponding
secretary; Mrs. £. M. North, Mrs. M. J. Payne,
Mrs. X. E. Ackley.
NEW TO-SAT.
Water is the cheapest
beverage. Tea next.
There are 150 to 200 cups
in a pound of Schilling
Best, and such pleasure as
those do not suspect who
drink colored tea.
It is to stale-roasted tea
what fresh-roasted coffee is
to stale-roasted coffee; and
what fresh roasted peanuts
is to stale -roasted peanuts.
- At grocers' in packages.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 5 7
' XE"W TO-DAT-AMDSEMEXrS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHayxan it Co. (Incorporated) I'roprlato.-i
Final Performances of the Successful Revival of
DESMAN THOMPSON'S FAMOUS PLAY,
THE OLD HOMESTEAD
AN EXCELLENT CAST.
" The Original Old Homestead
Double Quartet. ,-•
SUPERB SCENIC KNVIRONMENTS.
Novel Electrical *.ffeets.
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY NIGHT.
EXTRA--NORDiCAIPERATIC CONCERTS
Tuesday K'vg. Jan. 19. ...... .......M act FALST
Tnursrtay Ev'g.Jao. aL.LastactTßoVATOßfc:
Sat. Matinee,, Jan. 23......ui5t act bIKOFIiIKJL)
MME. LILLIAN
NORDICA
■ ASSISTED «V "• ' '
SCALCHI, ' BKRTHALD,
X»EMPSEV, LUCKBTONE.
; GRAND ORCHESTRA.
SEATS READY TO-DAY (Wednesday).
Prices-93, 83 50, S3 and SI.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Fbiedjlandzb, Gottlob & Co., Lessees&Managera
POSITIVELY APPEARING
AT EVERY PERFORMANCa THIS WEEK.
iin fr^h<oincdao>.
Wfi* JOSEPH-*
mURPI"IJL
: ' In the Greatest of All Irish Dramas. -
•* 33: 3EZ H. H. G O I »
"A Comedy Drama Without An Equal." .
Matinee Saturday.
ear next MONDAY— — ;i
Cbas. H. Yale's Great Spectacle, - ' :
"THE FOREVER DEVIL'S AUCTION."
:. ',;■•.-" ' . . . .■ ■ . . ■...■;.«*
, MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOBOSCO...SoI« Lessee and Manama:
MAGNIFICENT ■• PRODUCTION —
. .Of the Thrilling Icelandic Melodrama. , - '
LAUD OF TIE MIDNIGHT SUM
•A6PKCTACOLAB PLAY, COMBINING
. PATHOS AND COMEDY.
Reappearance of JOHN .J. PlKßsox In Ills
. original Character of "JASON OKKY."
Volcanic .Eruptions and Earthquakes:
Wonderful Aurora Borealls!
' Ktenlnc Price*— loo, 2.%0 and 53 j.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
" OTarrell Street, he:vre*ri stoclcton and Powall.
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), Jan. 13.
, SPECIAL CHARITY MATINEE!
A GREAT DOUBLE BILL!
ATTRACTIONS EXTRAORDINARY.
FAMOUS ROYAL 111 JIGIRUS CJUKT ORCHESTRA,
■ Under the Direction of P. K. M.atns. the Most
• Famed Clarionet, Virtuoso In All Europe. ■
LIEUTENANT NILSHON'S . AERIAL
AND KIKALKV'S GRAND OPKKA BALLETS
And the Full Orpbeum Vaudeville Company. -
. ALSO many CONTRIBUTED ARtISTS.
 The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert in the Orphium Annex alter the '
regular performance in the auditorium.
■ | «1 ■ "V ■ H I The Biggest Event
HI liAxilß i" the history of
HUUHfiinll I this favorite thea.er
JUST LIKE OLD 'TIMES!
TO-NIGHT! ,;. TO-NIGHT I.
CSISPA !
Sawmill .worked by a mountain stream. Realism
Of scenic art in '"Death Valley" and "The Moun-
tain Gorge", scenes. Enormous success of Ueores
Osbonrne as '-Injun Jack," Hugo Toland as "Zeke'
Stevens" and the Clever Company. .*..-
- ; ..-; Regular rices. >■ Phone for seats— Black 991
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Thursday Evening, January 14,
ENGAGEMENT
t EXTRAORDINARY!
PROFESSOR 0. R. GLEiSOX,
• KINO OF MORSE-TAMERS,
Will Attempt to Tame and" Break to
- Harness the Wild Horse.
Xji AW SUIT,
As Well as Other Vicious Horses.
Music by Golden Gate: Military Band.
78
DECIDE AGAINST
A TRIAL COURT
Change in the Bay Con
ference Constitu
tion.
Meeting of the Congregational
Ministers of ihe Eay
District.
Church Headquarters to Be Estab
lished in the City — Next Con
ference in Apri'.
The winter meeting of the Bay Confer
ence of the Congreeational churches was
held yesterday at the Bethany Congrega
tional Church on Bartlett street, near
Twenty-fifth; moderator, Rev. J. A. Cru
zan.
The following churches of San Fran
cisco, Alameda and Marin counties were
represented:
Bethanv Church, San Francisco—Rev. W. C.
Pond, pastor; William John Stove, Mrs.
Martha Chick.
First Church. San Francisco— Key. George
C. Adams, pastor; Deacon T. H. Hatcfl, Dea
con J. Howard Barnard.
First Chirrch, Berkeley — Rev. George B.
Hatch, pastor; Caleb Sadler, Philo Miles.
Plymouth Cnurch, San Francisco— William
Brndford.
Plymouth-avenue Church, Oakland — Rev.
Dr. McLean, pasior; William Morgan, Mr.
Dodd.
Fourth Church, San Francisco— J. P. Dixon.
Second Churcli, West Oakland— Rev. f. H.
Foster, pastor; Mrs. C. R. Mitchell, Mrs. J.
CoHyer.
Xiles Church— Edward A. Ellsworth.
Decoto— Rev. E. C. Hale, Mrs. C. C. Crane.
Park Church. Berkeley— Rev. E. Lyman
Hood, pasior; Mrs. E. If. Cushman.
Park Church, San Francisco— Mrs. John F.
Meyers.
Haywards Church— Martha Stewart.
Alameda Church— Rev. W. w. Seudder, pas
tor; J. H. Gender, Cbaries L. Herman.
Fiu-hburg Church— Rev. S. C. Patterson, pas
tor; Mrs. B. J. Kemball, Mrs. H. £.. Godfrey.
Cooper Memorial, San Francisco — Mrs. R. A.
Tuttle, Mrs. Emma Harrington.
Bethlenem Church, San Francisco — Rev. W.
H. Tubbs. pastor; Mrs. Emma Wilson Tubbs,
Miss Birdie Tubbs.
Mill Valley Church— Rev. J. Rea, pastor:
Mrs. M. McCruni.
Fourth Church, Oakland— Rev. O. W. Lucas,
pastor: Rev. W. A. Tenney, Mrs. O. W. Lucas.
Richmond, S>an Francisco — Rev. P. Coombe,
pastor: Captain H. N. Turner, Mrs. Martha
Hart.
Pilerim Church, East Oakland— Rev. A. K.
Crawford, pastor.
Pierce Cnurch, San Francisco— Rev. •". H.
Hallock, pastor; Mrs. Engle, Miss Casebolt.
Ministrrial delegates— Rev. C. S. Nash, Rev.
George Mooar, Rev. Walter Frear, Rev. C. E.
Lloyd, Rev. W. H. Wycofl , Key. L. L. Wirt.
After the opening exercises the reports
from the enurches were read which
showed all in a flourishing condition. A
number of short addresses were made by
the pastors upon the ministerial work in
their different charges.
Rev. G. C. Adams of the First Church,
San Francisco, spoke on the subject of I
"The Source ol Power." Prayer, he said,
was the true source and lrom tbis would
come and always had come the strength
of the cnurch.
Rev. C. E. Lloyd continued on the topic
and advocated work with prayer. Wnen
the officers and lay brethren labored with
their hands lor the upbuilding of the
church, that church received power.
Sometimes prayer was blocked. It did
not get high enough Decause something
was wrong at the outset. The church
needs wort prayer instead of mere lip
prayer.
Mr. Pond called attention to the follow
ing section in the conference constitution :
Wnen the standing of the minister of a
church of the conference is called in question
it shall be the duty of the committee 10 enter
talu specific charges from responsible persons,
to inquire into the case and report to the con
ference, which shall then proceed accordingly
to the scriptural methods and extent.
He then introduced the following as an
amendment to the section, which was
taken under consideration until the next
meeting:
When the standing ot a minister or of a
church of the conference is called in question,
it shall be the duty of this committee to enter
tain specific charges from responsible persons,
and after inquiry to report to the conference,
which may then at its discretion take steps to
secure the calling of an ecclesiestical council
to consider the matter, but that conference
snail never exercise legislation or judicial
authority nor consent to act as a counsel oi
reference.
Under the ruling of this amendment the
conference cannot act as an ecclesiastical
court for the trial of any one. The local
church hereafter would resolve itself into
a court and the conference would only act
if at all as an advisory board.
A resolution was unanimously adopted
indo#ing the establishment of a Conere
gational church headquarters in this city
as soon as possible, and a committee was
appointed consisting of Mr. Sadler of
Berkeley. Judge Havens of Oakland and
Deacon Barnard of San Francisco to make
all arrangements, principally the raising
of $25 per month for the maintenance of
the institution.
In the evening Rev. L. H. Hallock spoke
on "Methods Appointed and Approved,''
dealing with tne subject of revivals and
revival methods. His idea was that if the
pastor of a church prayerfully seeks di
vine power the revival would follow. The
steady ministry of personal influence he
thoueht to be more efficacious than spas
modic movements. He instanced the
period of seven years following and
including a revival season of Moody and
Bankey at Hartford, Conn., and said that,
although thousands were converted while
the revivalists worked, the total accessions
of church membership during the period
of seven years were less tnan in any other
seven years' period in a quarter of a cen-
turv.
Professor F. H. Fisher of the Pacific
Theological Seminary also spoke, deliver
ing an address on "The Historical Results
of Revivals."
A vote of thanks was extended to
Bethany Church for the hospitality ex
tended by its pastor and congregation to
the Bay Conference.
Rev. Dr. W. M. Martin of New York,
Rev. J. R. Nodellof San Bernardino, Rev.
W. C. McCarty of Washington and Rev. J.
B. Williams were elected corresponding
members.
On motion it was decided to hold the
next meeting of the conference at Paru
Church, San Francisco, on the second
Tuesday in April, to which date the meet
ing was adjourned.
FILLMORE IMPROVERS.
Delegate* to the Federated Clubs Ap
pointed and Kesulutioug Adopted.
The Fillmore-street Improvement Club
lias appointed as delegates to the San
Francisco Association of Improvement
Clubs Joseph W. Cusker, J. C. Nobman,
Dr. C. V. Cross, G. P. Woodward and J.
Kahlman.
At the meeting last evening the follow
ing resolutions were adopted:
That we strongly commend the action oi our
representatives in Congress for the noble
work they have accomplished for the people
of California in the defeat of the proposed
funding bill.
I' leu (led Guilty.
Julius Hirsch, the young man who repaid
tl. kindness shown to him by T. K. Wiley; a
guest at the Kuss House, by breaking open
and robbing his trunk, pleaded guilty in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday to a charge of
petty larceny. He was ordered to appear lor
sentence 10-d»y.
THOMAS H. CASWELL, Thirty-Third Degree, Sovereign Grand
Commander.
MARRIED UNDER A
STARRY CANOPY
Nuptials of Miss Clemence
Reiss and Adolph
Nordman.
Three Little Maids Strew Flow
ers Along the Bridal
Path.
The Concordia Club Rooms Decorated
With Bunting and Fragrant
Blossoms-
Miss Clemence Reiss and Adolpb Nord
man were married last evening at 6:30
o'clock in the Concordia Club, the Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger of the Temple Emanu-Kl
officiating.
Miss Reiss is the eldest daughter of
Bernard Reiss of the firm Neuburger,
Reiss <fe Co., and the groom is connected
with the Standard Optical Company.
Parlor*, ballroom and supper-rooms of
the handsome clubhouse were placed at
the disposal of the many guests and elabo
rately decorated with potted palms, choice
blossoms and delicately tinted bunting.
In the spacious ballroom where the cere
mony was performed the decorations were
most artistic.
From the gorgeous chandeliers hung
golden wedding bells wreatned with holly
and their tongues muffled with blossoms.
Fiotn chanueher to chandelier were fes
teened strips of pale pink and Nile green
bunting, all studded with golden s^ars.
In the south end of the room was erected
a canopy of the same starry bunting. The
supporting columns were wreathed with
smilax and the background was of pink
fishnet studded with roses.
Under this canopy the happy young
couple stood while the officiating clergy
man pronounced the solemn words that
made them man and wife.
Promptly at the hour announced for the
ceremony, 6:30, the bridal party entered
the room. First came the ushers, Emile
Reiss, Samuel Reiss, Maurice Blum, Ber
nard Galland and Sanford Feigenbaum.
Then followed the bridesmaids, Miss
Julia Reiss, Miss H^len Blum, Miss Na
nette Reiss, Miss Wanda Galland and
Miss Bessie Nordman, who in turn were
followed by Miss Flora Reiss, the maid of
honor.
Three little maids, dressed all in spot
less white, the Misses Lillian Reiss, Rose
Biock and Mary Nordman, preceded the
bride, strewing the bridal path with flow
ers. Miss Jeannie Block carried the pil
low on which rested the wedding ring.
Jesse Newbauer attended the groom as
best man.
The bride, a tall, slender brunette, with
a clear satiny skin and lustrous dark eyes,
looked extremely lovely in her bridal
gown of white duchesse satin, sbrowded
completely in tulle.
The maid of h/mor and the bridesmaids
were attired alike in white tulle, made
over a foundation of white silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Nordman received many
elegant and costly presents, comprising
many valuable works of art, elegant sil
ver and dainty bric-a-brac.
The young couple left this morning for
an extended southern trip and on their
return will make their home in this City.
Mrs. S. S. Wright welcomed the Colonial
Dames, of which organization she is chair
man, on Tuesday, January 5, to her home,
where a bright fire on the broad heart n,
with the teakettle singing on the crane,
made the reading by Mrs. Henry Gibbons
of the "Causes That Led to the American
Revolution" seem 1 acts of to-day. A link
with the past was the presentation by
Mrs. C. Elwood Brown of a gavel rcade
from one of the oaken beams of her birth
place, the Bersen homestead, erected in
1G62 at Brooklyn, N. V., and for 228 years
a noted landmark. Mrs. Wright honored
her Virginia ancestry by using their recipe
for that celebrated holiday cheer, egg
nog. Among those present were: Mrs.
S. S. Wright, Miss A. A. B. Wright, Mrs.
Henry Gibbons, Mrs. S. W. Holladay.
Mrs. J. L. Moody, Mrs. George A. Crux, Mrs-
Hervey Darneal, Mrs. J. H. Maddux.' Mrs. L. C,
Branch, Mrs. S. M. Van Wyck, Mrs. Edwin W.
Newhall, Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, Mrs. J. D.
Tallant, Mrs. J. M. McClure, Mrs. McAdie, Miss
E. M. Jones. Miss Brooke Rose, Mis«; Eda
Moody and Miss Mason oi Berkeley.
The last meeting of Laurel Hall Club on
Wednesday afternoon at Beethoven Hall whs
notable for the splendid programme prepared.
Though this club is known lor its interest
ing efforts a special word of praise must be
given for the excellent debate led by four of
its prominent members.
Mr.. and Mrs. Henry Fairweather, lately ar
rived m thffcCity, added a particular interest
to the programme. Mr. Fairweather delighted
the audience wiih his sympathetic, well
trained barytone voice, sinking a number of
old English ballads. Mrs. Fairweather besides
playing the accompaniments for her husband
gave a charming talk on English customs, past
and present, under tue title of "An English
Mosaic."
Mr. and Mn. w. H. Mills gave a dinner to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
Miss Grace Hudson, the artist, during the
week.
The third party of the Assembly Cotillon
Club, given at Hunt's Hail on Wednesday
evening last, was a decided success. The hall
was beautifully decorated for the occasion,
and the handsome toilets ot the ladies com
bined to in hk ■« the scene a very pretty one.
Several of the season's debutantes wtre pres
ent.
At 10 the german, led by Wilfred G. Yanke,
was formed, and several new and attractive
figures were danced.
Among those present were: Miss Emma
Prosek. Miss Olga Westerieldt. Miss Marrha
Tiedeman, Miss Tilly Koeder, Miss Charlotte
Maier, Miss Mabel McFndden. Miss Eleanor
Meyer. Miss Minnie Snarpe, Miss Lulu Bark
haus, Miss Sophie Shater, Miss Gussle Weeks, I
Miss Marie Wilson, Miss Tiedeman. MissLiliian
Childs. Miss Meta Walters, Mi-s Matwl Korts,
Miss Josie Sublette, Miss Babi;., Mi-s Anna
Johnstone, Mis* Demlnc, Miss Cora Wruz, Miss
Logan, Miss Opal McCalJ, Mis-; Koethe, Miss
Ro:a Itaye, Miss Flora Fen ton ; Messrs. Paul C.
Westerfoldt, Alired L. Hammersmith, A. H.
Autz, Cnarles K. Howe, Dr. J. Coplin Stinson,
Carl G. Barklmuß, H. William Westerteldt, W.
B. Meokfessel, Dr. Sylvester, Sunford G. Le
wald, Robert Haipht. Fred Auiz, Guillermo
Dardano, R. Arroyo, J. L. Devlin, Frederick
W. Burgers, C. Churchill Pryor, Eiward A.
Leary, Arthur Hinton, Edwin A. Cnristanson.
Richard C. Yanke, J. N. Hayes, William Wil
son, J. Archibald Devonshire and H. Warwick.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
Special Meeting of the Board of Direct
ors to Prepare the Quar
terly Report.
A special meeting of the board of direct-'
ors of the Merchants' Association was
held for the preparation of the quarterly
■ report to be submitted at the quarterly
i meeting of the association to be held at
J Academy of Sciences Hall on next Thurs
day evening, January 14. Besides the
1 quarterly report it was decided that thtre
should be an open discussion of legisla
tion necessary for the City and County of
San Francisco. This will embrace con
sideration of a civil service statute, a pri
mary election law and certain amend
ment" to the constitution of the State
relative to charters of cities.
The following seventeen firms having
sent in their applications for membership
FRANK W. PIERCE, Inspector-General of the Grand Consistory.
were unanimously elected as regular mem
bers of the Merchants' Association. This
makes the total membership at present
761 business firms:
Brode & Clark's Iron Works. 305 Howard
(street; the California Cotton Mills Company,
310 California street; Conway & Baumel, 4
Hayes street; J. Everding & Co., 48 Clny street;
Fort Wayne Electrical Corporation, 18 Second
street; Kenny & Payton, 519 Valencia street;
Charles Maier, 834 Kearny street; Merralls
Mill Company, 45 Fremont street; Metropoli
tan Marble Mini (.ramie Works, 1219 Market
street; John C. Nobmaun,2o3l Fihinore street;
Pacific Tool aud Supply Company, 100 First
street: Porter, Slcssinger & Co., 7 Battery
street; Klver Express Company, 3 Spearstreet;
Val Schmidt. Polk and Jackson streets; I.
Strassburger & C 0. ,430 Pine street; S. Strozyn
eki, 24 Geary street; Wichman, Lutgen & Co.,
318 Clay street.
Girls' Training Home.
Toe second annual meeting of the Califor
nia Girls' Training Home will be held in the
First Congregational Church on Thursday,
January 14. Exorcises begin at 10:30 a m.
and continue throughout the day anil evening.
Mrs. Xorvell, a returned missionary, will de
liver an address in the kfiernoon and Key.
William Kader will speak in the evening. The
public is earnestly invited to attend.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONK DAT.
Take lwjative BroxnoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists retund the money uit fails to cure. 2jc
THE CONSISTORY
COMMUNICATION
Masons of the Highest De
gree Meet in the Tem
ple To-Day.
A Brief Sketch of the Scottish
Rite on the Pacific
Coast.
Some of the Men Who Have Attained
Some of the Highest Honors.
Grand Registrar Hobe.
The annual communication of the
Grand Consistory, masters of the royal
secret, thirty-second dtgree, Ancient and
Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry of
the State of California, will be held in the
Masonic Temple in this City commencing
at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
The Grand Consistory represents one of
the highest degrees, of Freemasonry and
it requires a perfection of knowledge of
Masonry and Masonic law to enable a
candidate to receive the degrees that will
entitle him to a place in that high body.
Outside of the order there are but few
who have any conception of what the
Leant iiul work of the higher degrees is or
can appreciate it.
The Grand Consistory celebrated its
silver anniversary on the 12th of October,
1895, with a literary programme and
music, which was followed by a banquet
in the banquet hall of the temple. One of
the (.rand ministers of state in his annual
oration gave tne following very interest
ing review of the Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry of the Pacific
Coast:
Scottish Freemasonry in this as well as in
the mother countries of England, Scotland and
Ireland erected its structure upon tue Blue
desrrees of the so-called "York Rite." From
tne earliest times, since the so-called '-Revival
of Freemasonry" in 1717. in the absorption
and uicdilicatfon ot the Blue degrees, freed
from the strain ot alternate Stuart and Han
overian bias, which divided the followers cf
the rival contestants tor the British crown in
the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, and
which rent the Grand Lodge of England for
seventy-four years in twain into "Ancients"
and "Moderns," with bitter hatred and at
war with ench other — with divided streams of
Freemnsonry poured into Ihe American colo
nies, that were never united in this country
until after the War of the Revolution for
American independence, and which sev
ered all Masonic as well as poluicul alle
giance to the mother country, when
"American Union Lodge No. 1," set up
for it>elf and formulated und modified its
rituals, lectu res, charges and jurisprudence:
each State Improving and changing the work
to suit itself, and to assert its sovereign author
ity over its own territory. Thus we inherited
American Freemansonry from our patriotic
fathers of the Revolution, at whose head as its
noblest exemplar was the "Father oi his Coun
try," the immortal Washington.
The spirit of liDerty, equality and fraternity
pervaded the military lodges ot Freemasonry
that accomp&nitd the Continental Army, in
which many of the soldieisof our then French
allies embraced the opportunity of becoming
members, including Lafayette and other dis
tinguished generals and officers, and they
affiliated with the brethren on their return to
France, where our patriotic brother, Benjamin
Franklin, Has Embassador to that country,
and while serving his own in that official ca
pacity was also actively engaged in Masonic
work in the lodges of Paris.
Our Scottish rite, including the rite of Per
fection came from Fruncft to America ahnost
as i any as the Blue degrees from England and
Scotland; but immediately after the Reign oi
Terror, wneu all the regular Masonic bodies
were wiped out of existence in France, and all
authority ceasing, the deputy inspector-gen
eral of the Grand Consistory of Paris, under
original patents of authority, propagated the
rite in tne French Went Indies and along the
Atlantic coast of America, when at Charleston,
S. &, on May 31, 1801, there then being no
other authority but themselves in tne rite,
and those of the same rank, assumed full sov
ereign uowers and constituted themselves into
the "Supreme Council of the thlrtv-third de
gree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish rite
of Freemasonry for the United Statei of Amer
ica," and from which all regular supreme
councilsof the world immediately or mediately
have their origin.
The work of propagating the Scottish
Rite of Freemasonry on the Pacific Coast
dates back to the latter half of the sixtias,
when it was commenced in San Francisco
by the late 111. .•. E. H. Shaw, thirty-third
degree, who had been elected and crowned
active inspector-general for California.
On the 12th of July, 1868, a petition wa»
presented to the active ilispector-general
lor a charter to open a lodee of Perfection
to be known as Yerba Buena Lodge of
Perfection.
On the 13th of July of that year the
lodge waß instituted Dy 111. .*. E. H.
Shaw with the assistance of the 111.
.•• Thomas H. Cassweil in due form, Ben
jamin H. Freeman being its first venerable
master. William T. Reynolds its senior
warden and George T. Grimes its junior
warden. The venerable master resigned
on the 12th of November, 1869, and on the
19th William S. Moses, who in later years
with hia wife lounded the Order of the
Eastern Star on this coast, was elected
venerable master. He, on account of busi
ness winch called him away to Yreka, re
signed on the 11th of November, 1870. On
the3oihof December of that year George
j. Hobe was elected venerable master, and
he tilled the office for three years and six
months. At the time he took office the
GEORGE J. HOBE, Thirty-Third Degree, Grand Registrar, Grand
Consistory of California *
cost of the degrees were so excessively hlph
that ttiey were almost prohibitive, and
the lodge had taken in but few members,
comparatively, so he suggested that the
fees t>e reduced to the minimum fixed by
the Supreme Council. It was argued that
such a step meant ruin, for to adopt his
susreestion was to reduce the fees from
$125 to $25, and he was asked not to press
t lie matter. He did, however, press his
proposition, assuring those who opposed
him that there would be no loss, but on
the contrary a gain. The soundness of his
judgment in this, as in other matters con
nected with the order, was made mani
fest, for from the time the fees were re
duced the membership increased rapidly
and m a marked degree.
It was not all smooth sailing in the
early stages of propagating the rite on
this coast as it appears from the language
of the orator already quoted. He said :
The spurious clandestine invasion of the At
wood Supremo Council of New York, which
lias found lodgment here, was promptiy sup
pressed; thosfe brethren who had become con
nected with it hero at that time, finding it to
be fraudulent, at once witbdn-w lrotn it, and
some of them applied for and received the de
grees of our rite from competent authority,
and the field was cleared and prepared for the
cower; and within three years, wiih the aid of
111. ••. Brother Thomas H. Caswell, thirty-third
degree (now grand commander), no less than
nineteen bodies of the rife, with aboui 150
members, had been constituted in this State,
besides four others in the State of Nevada, by
tne same authority.
Printed and written rituals of Freemasonry
were comparatively unknown excepting on
the continent of Europe and South America.
They were of course a startling surprise and
novelty to our members, while to learn and
memorize them was apparently a mountain of
labor to those who belonged to the higher
bedies of the rite, and ton great to be under
taken by many who were old Masons, who
looked upon the curriculum of Scottish Free
masonry as the study of a lifetime and be
yond their capacity to master it, and requir
ing so much valuabie time to Decome ac
quainted with it, which they were unable to
spare or disposed to give. • * *
This Grand Consistory was organized by the
demand of the brethren to cive the rite a gov
erning body in thin Kate, the wisest measure
that was ever put into action by Scottish Free
masonry, even although it is but the deputy
of the Supreme Council, to govern the subor
dinate bodies only and confer the thirty-first
and thirty-second degrees.
Thomas H. Caswell, thirty-third depree,
of this City, is the sovereign grand com
mander of the Supreme Council, Southern
Jurisdiction of the United States, inolud
all the States south of Mason and Dixon's
line and all tne Stntes west of the Missis
sippi; Frederick Weber, thirty-third de
pree, of Washington, D. C, is tbe secre
tary-general; Frank W. Pierce, thirty
third degree, of Oakland, is the inspector
general for California; Charles L. J. W.
•Pierce, thirty-third degree, of Oakland, is
the grand commander of the Grand Con
sistory of California, and George J. Hobe,
thirty-third degree, of this City, is the
grand registrar.
Grand Registrar Hobe, who has the repu
tation of being one of the most learned
men in Masonry in California, was ap
pointed to the office he now holds on the
'21st of March, 1872; in January following
he was elected to the office and has held it
ever since to the entire satisfaction of all.
As grand registrar he succeeded E. A.
Sherman. Mr. riobi is also the secretary
of all the subordinate bodies of the Scot
tish Rite that meet in San Francisco.
The subordinate bodies of the Grand
Consistory of California are the following:
Occidental Particular Consistory, Lo a An
geles, 876 members; Godirey de St. Omar
Council No. 1. Knights Kadosh, San Fran
cisco, 128; De Wolay Council, No. 2,
Knights Kadosh, Oakland, 101; Hugues
de Payens Council No. 3, Knights Kadosli,
Los Angeles, 85; Temple Council Nt). 4,
Xniphts Kadoxh, 34, Pasaaena; Yerba
Buena Chapter No. 1, Knights Rise Croix,
San Francisco, 136: Gethsemane Chapter
No. 2, Knights Rose Croix, Oakland, 107;
Robert Bruce Chapter No. 3, Knights Rose
Croix, Los Angelas. 91; Temple Chapter
No. 4. Pnsadenn,39; Yerba Buena Lodee
of Perfection No. 1, San Francisco, 184 ;
Oakland Lodge of Perfection No. 2. OaK
land, 107; King Solomon Lodge of Perfec
tion No. 3 of Los Angeles, 107; Isaac Davis
Lodge of Perfection No. 4. Sacramento, 23;
Pacific Lodge of Perfection No. 5. Marys
vile. 16; Delta Lodge of Perfection No. 6,
Redlands, 17; Temple Lodye of Perfection
!•/--. NEW TO-DAY. \.
'■ "■ ' ' ' ■ ' : ' " ■"*-■■> '; 7.
XTamelsackT
Is Often the Sign of Disease— lt Can Be Cured
With Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
'\fj '-*J£lJ-. v\ f•' YEN A SLIGHT PAIN IN THE
. .yffi^/^ytfr^L, y%h&&j ■■ bids, is '' able to mean. Bright' a i disease
Nif^ :^#P^^r'-f'^^^y^' Of the kidne s -^ There is no pain without
■^Af^^^k^P^C^^^-'^r^} a a cause " and a Dam which comes on 'while
jSm^^TY !^^ the body is otherwise in good health is an
-P^r<s^ •''< '■'*Df* SandENS : <\§Tb v" evidence of something wrong. The worst
1 |S?yV - Electric BtLt ' ia^Afl forms '= of fatal » disease grow on a person
\ < fHi™ V^^^ 1 vlV> &££^JHNw ■ witb stealth and the only evidence 1 they
Vyi| WQ^r^^^^^T^^fZ B ive °'' theiri)resence is a pain in tho bacK
>^SJJ|T^Q^ gT i&iHye'^vfY' which at tirst seems unworthy of notice.
:'I >jfc»pl>jWiunM Jn^aCK? But it is serious and should be attended to.
'■■■-'■' .Jin VTjKv^' '** *A_• -I , Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is especially
adapted for this i' ; ;' : ;:;"^U; ; . '■■■■;' form of disease. It gives its great volume of vital force
directly into ith'e k : :^^^-;.^-: : kidneys and nervous system. This saturates all the or-
gans; it ■; makes jt^^Sfe- new life, sets the organic functions to work and drives
every j taint of " • disease from the body. It is LIFE, and' life brings re-
newed health. '• * ( / ' [\ '' " .
X It Cures a Serious Case.
";■ »N-' : Vri : --. .- " ■.-/■:•• :■•■.* '■ --■,•■ - ■ ■■■ ---■■ - !.;",. -.. ..~. r '.-\ : i :
"I purchased your Belt for weakness and disease in the klaneys.  'When. 7 I first put it on
the piin in my back was so great that I could scarcely sit down. •, It has completely restored
my strength and removed ihe pain anrt disease from my kidneys. *I« would not be' without
your Belt under any circumstances."— CHAS. FORREST, 310 Twelfth street^Can Francisco. - l
There are some people who doubt/the value of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, but
they have not investigated it. Look ;it up and ; ,you will see its value when you see
what it has done. See the hundreds of bones! men who admit having ; been cured by'
it. Then you will try it, and it will be worth its weight in gold to you. Read Dr.
Sanden's famous book.'. It is Iree, sealed from observation, by mail.
S-A-l>a-X33E:3>J ELECTRIC CO..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE : hotel,, SAN FRANCISCO.
■;\ % Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundavs;iOl to L l .: Los An^elos l OUico 204 South Broad
Wiy : Portland,' Or.. 233 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street. • '
V- '.>:KOTiS.— Make no mistake in the number— 338 Market uirooc '
No. 7, Pasadena. 26; Constans Lodge of
Perfection No. 8, B?sn Diego, 26. The re
ports to be presented during the communi
cation will show an increase over the fig
ures given.
The Grand Consistory has a membership
of 21JLor rather had at the close of the
previous communication. During the year
there have been gains and these will bring
up the number to nearly 260. One of the
most interesting events of the communi
cation will be the election of officers to
serve for the ensuing term.
The past grand masters of the Grand
Consistory are William Abraham
Davies, thirty-third degree; Theodore
Henry Goodman, thirty-third degree;
Stephen Wing, William Schuyler Moses,
Qj_ U., thirty-second degree; William
Frank Pierce, thirty-third degree; James
Bestor Merritt, thirty-third degree ; Charles
Lewis Pattou, thirty-third degree, and
Henry Augustus Cline, thirty-lhird de
gree.
MRS. McROBERTS' DEATH.
Farther Details of the Demise in Eng
land of a Well-Known San Fran
cisco Lady.
The following particulars of the sudden
death of Mrs. Mary Mcßoberts. wife of a
weil-known journalist, formerly of this
City, and herself prominent in social, edu
cational and charitable circles here, ap
peared in the Leeds Mercury (England)
under date of the 4th ult. :
The Sudden Death of Mrs. Mcßoberts at
Darlington. — An inquest was held yesterday
ai the Imperial Hotel by Mr. Proud, coroner,
to inquire into the death of Mary Fraser Mc-
Roberts, about 50 years of age, who died sud
denly on Tuesday afternoon. D. J. McKoberts,
journalist, husbaud of the deceased, deposea
10 going out on Tuesday afternoon and U aviug
his wife well, but on returning an hour later
he found her lying nenr tne fender before the
fire, and on calling in medical aid she was
lound to be dead. She had always been a re
markably heaithy woman. Frank Moore Cow
per deposed to seeing Mrs. McKoberts ail right
a little while before she was lound dead, after
her husband had gone out. Dr. A. W. Hare
found that life had expired when he Hrrived.
There was an abrasion on the left side of the
face and ear, caused probably by the deceased
failing against the fender; but from the post
mortem neld, it was clear that apoplexy was
the cause oi death, as the anery by the neck
near the brain had burst, causing blood to
flow rapidly over the brain and resulting in
almost instant death. The tendency to apo
plexy at deceased's age would be increased by
the brilliant abilities she had displayed. Ver
dict, death from apoplexy. Mrs. McKoberu'
remains are to be cremated at Manchester.
MEN AND HOfiSES MIXED.
F. C. Johnson Very Badly Injured by a
Jiiuiaway at Fine Street.
A peculiar and serious accident hap
pened about 2:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon at Kearny and Pine streets. People
on the outskirts of the big crowd, which
quickly assembled, said the man who lay
groaning upon the ground had been run
over by a streetcar, but this time a street
car was not to biame.
P. C. Johnson, who has a route on The
Call, and J. L. Baar, proprietor of the
Grant-avenue lunch parlor, were crossing
Kearny at Pine street. A boy who had
been leading a horse up the Pine-street
bill, let the horse eet away from him.
The animal became frightened and dashed
down Pine street. Turning north on
K^arny, the horse slipped on the
asptialtum pavement and fell down. The
animal's legs extended under the team of
v passing truck, and in falling he struck
Johnson and Baar, carrying them down
with him. Horses, men and truck were
mixed up together in an instant.
Johnson was hadly injured. He could
hardly speak. He thinks the horse kicked
or struck him in the back. He was carried
into a drugstore nearby where a stimu
lant was given him. After a wbile be was
able, to sit in a cnair without assistance.
His face was also slightly bruised ani out.
Mr. Baar was pretty badly shaken up, but
was not seriously injured. Mr. Jounson
was taken to his home, at 218 Locust ave
nue, in a carriage, Mr. Baar accompany
ing him. It is thought the former has
several ribs broken.
HOME DYEING MADE EASY.
HANDSOME COLORS THAT SEVER
FADE.
Hard Times Increased the Sale of Dia
mond Dyes— Black for Cotton, Wool
and Silk That Does Not Crock—
Makes Old Cloaks, Oow»s and Salts
; Look Like New.
"It is really marvelous," said a Market
street druggist, "how the hard times have
increased the sale of diamond dyes.
Ladies buy one package as an experiment
and find the dye so easy to use that they
color all their old clothing and como out
with new gowns, cloaks and suits for the
whole family. The diamond dye blacks'
seem especially popular. I often sell half
a dozen packages to one customer."
Vj Diamond dyes are put up for every
color, with special dyes for cotton, and
are so simple and easy to use that even a
ohild can dye a perfect color with them
one that will not fade, crock or wasj out'
eg lal to the handsomest shade made by
tie professional dyer.
__ .. ...,..»:■ - : — —-. r
I " '«■ __l^»_ — — '— ILJII — *— ~» IJ _ i_J _ ._
I Dr. Martin's |
lii ii m I
Of the Age |
(' A preventive and cure /or Rheu- « )
\ matiiin, Neuralgia, Pain* in Gen- £
\> eral, Dyspepsia, , Sore Throat,^, >
| Pneumonia, Nervous, liver , and i
\ Kidney Complaints, . Backache, S S
> Burns, Swellings,' Colds, Coughs. >
j| Colic, Cramps, Sprains,' Bruises, I
' i Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Dis- >
I 1 eases, Excessive Itching and >
('(, many other complaints. . (',
X . <|i
!> Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. >>
S L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for SS
'i the Pacific Coast, San Jose, C&l. )>
{ For sale by all druggists. The trade >)
/ supplied by Redingion & Co., Mack <fe it
\>. Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- ?l
LCo. and Langley <fc Michaels, San Fran- R
CISCO. Q
000-O-000000000
AN EXCELLENT
T¥ 7TTT 1 A T Properly prepared and
|\/| I™* l\ I promptly served, can
XT JJ— 4l IJ-/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TV AT A /^Y?
Most Popular MJ\ I A I ■. H
Dining Apart- * . *7f" 1 --* JLV - |J -'.
merit in town. panwnpun mi ii»_jiuw
00000-00000000
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
-g^=ir=r,— —^cr^rT' Is the Place to Bay
JIMMa desks, chairs
\^~^^^=^s^^\ And AU Kinds of
fi^M OFFICE FURNITURE
|~ntf^^li IITMP 1 638-640 Mission St.
THE
WEEK.LV
C^LL
c^ It Publishes the Cream of the
jj News of the Week and
o( MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
pi ;/' PACIFIC COAST .
5 Always Republican, but Always
71 Fair and Impartial in Its - •
°\ Rendering of the. Po-
s^ litical News.
0/ It's the Paper to Send East if
gj You Want to Advertise .
~J . California.
D \ /~~~ — •
D The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
©(The Coast / \& up to data
o< ' / \ : _*
°\ ; Not a Line of it Sensational
o< or Faky, and Not a Line of
01 it Dry or Uninteresting.
3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
C/ Bright, Clean, A Champion of i
!^y. Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
•3 .;■•■ ALL THE TIME. /
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
-ri HOME MAIL, 51.50
CX INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALT
"■ ">-«»*'vrfL ' •■ . TfIUD fail PUV
*fi»^#^^^^teL Hiccesaor to DX- LA I
BSS^^^^l3B*?!Srv P^> TAI, graduate of
KSfß^ajffiffjfffi^ja \ Canton Medical Col-
teJ^ le S e - after a very sue-
]7> wf-' t '* |W ful practice of
'riV ''-i JT#fir **any years in China,
" 't^jjy^ijS^ SJf*^- 'has lo> iued In San
tTOKB Pfl CHK.
Successor to DR. LAI
V PO TAI, frr».liiate of
\ Canton Medical Coi-
|tv l«"ge. atter a very sue-
if cesHful practice ot
1 many years in China,
hits lo aied In -Saa
i'mnclsco. The sur-
' {fjjj^? * . - j*// prising and marveiom
vKSSL *. ■_•/ ''cares effected- by .his
®CTa if herbs demount late
•V-IhSn^ <X \ ibelr potenre and hi*
i'Vn^jA^-.t/ . skill. These hems
*fF$!$SSr ssi~ ' cure over 400iilfferfu;
fKW««-^^^' diseases, incudln^
•J'J^^ •"- ' BriEhi's Disenae,,Dia-
•-.'•" t?{^^: p - . betes, -Consumption, -
- -^Tv"''^' AB l h m a, Paralysis,
Brain, Nerve. Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Mni«d:et . All persons afflicted with any
Kind of meiuuy whatsover are invued to call.
Office. 737 Washington; Street.
; Office hours— 9 a.: m, to ID m., •' Ito 9r.M.; Sao-
day, 10 a. M. to lit M. '..>.• -■■ .
■•rfifttftt^oiß i>iK «is a Jon -poisonous
K^SSBr* l| Qh3fl remedy lot Gonorrhoea.
jgSMr CUUEeT^BI Oleet, Spermatorrhoia.
BfWF in l to jura, *g Whites, unnatural dig-
SSj^f On«»nt<:e<* n charges, or any inflamma-
IL*Sajl n»t to suiomre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
3*— <PrtYcn;« coaufloo. tiou of mucous mem-
y»«yHEEvAHSCHEMiffnCo. branes. Non-astringen*.
VjBBkCiNC'N.KATi.c | Sold by l>ruFtrißtr,
mAy 0. S. a. jgp&? T aent in Plain wr-ppA-
&7^ B fco?tT.^.;l-
-i B Cuculftr Bs»at w. r'mvt.ALAMEDA'S FIGHT
TO OWN HER LIGHTS
Her Control of the Elec
tric Lighting in
Danger.
• The Municipal Ownership League
Addresses a Card to the
Public.
Tttey Desire the Legislature to Pass
an Amendment Granting the City
Right to Sell Light
The citizens of Alameda, through the
I Municipal Ownership League, are deter
, I mined to make a strenuous resistance to
' the efforts now on foot to have the city's
right to sell electric light to its inhabi
tants declared illegal as a first step
toward having a private corporation take
control of the !i?ht supply, both for the
streets and residences.
Alameda ha* a valuable electric plant
and t&3 recently improved it at a cost ol
$20,000. For two years it has been doing
■'• efficient and economical service, but there
/*;; a scheme being planned to take advan:
r.-:heme being planned to omits to spe
■_.-e of tne fact that the law omits to spe
"l cifically grant to cities of the filth class
the right to sell electric light to their in
habitants. If the city can be enjoined
from selling light from its valuable plant
. -the next move of the opponents of muni
cipal ownership would be to transfer the
' -business to tie Oakland Gaslight Com
..-•"'jjany, vreich at present supples Alameda
• ."wK-h gas and also has an e.ectric light
• ■•'plant in Oakland.
■; ". |n the plan of campaign by which the
'...... Man hi pat Ownership League hope to de
.■™fea| this scheme of bis private corpora
• .nons'to grasp a profitable business, they
■■•'- -give first place to an endeavor to have the
■"."V-prfcs'en^ law amended so a3 to specifically
; "'."gyre' to cities of the fifth class the right to
r" r *""sjjlt* to its peopie water, light, heat ana
■; .■ power: To tnis end they have addressed
T a- card..- to the public which is published
:.. below and which will more fully explain
•' kh« situation. They desire to arouse pub
,';i i^e-'interest and sympathy in th*» correct
.'•' a;e,ss oi their position, and thus secure at
I*, vhe han*s of the Legislature the amend- ,
JAKE RUDOLPH
INDICTED AGAIN
The Man With a Gun Will
Have to Stand Trial
Again.
A Beach Warrant Issued — The '
Female P.ck pockets Charged
With Rotb.Ty.
Jake Riur's Case Sti 1 Hanging Fire.
The Grard Jury Hunting the
Holders of Sinecures.
"Jake' Rudolph was indicted by the
Grand Jary yesterday for assault with a
deadly weapon. A bench warrant was
i by Judge Slack for his arrest.
Bonds wece fixed at $3000.
The prosecuting witness in the case is
Henry Leslie. At 2 o'clock on the
morning of December 29 Kudolpb shot at
and wounded Leslie near the corner of
Valencia and Sixteenth streets. Rudolph
was airested snortly after on Guerrero
street and taken to tne Seventeenth-street
sta>ion. He was auerwarJ released on
bonds.
R.udolph was at one time a euide and
bodyguard to Chris Buckler. It was he
who sloi at J. B. E.iot, business manager
of the Chronicle, some time ago, and only
missed an indictment for murder as a
result of the builet eiancing from a piece
of money in Mr. E. lot's pocket
Rudolph was examined and adjudged
insase by the insanity Commissioners at
that time and sent to an asylum, wnere
he remained two years, and was then dis
charged as entirely cured. Since then he
has been abroad at ail times with bus pis
tol,.and has been several times, while
drunk, prevented by the heroic efforts of
friends from assaulting individuals who
«d to cross him.
An indictment was also found against
!' Annie Pickeit and Mamie Bonner, the
_: women who picked $410 'rom the
cet of George H:IL Annie Pickett is
■ lockup, having been arrested in Sac
ramento. A bench warrant has been is
sued fOr the arrest of her confederate, who
ha 3 succeeded thus far in evading arres:.
The bonds in these cases were fixed at
f2OOO.
The case of Jake Raver, against wbom
■ charges have been preferred of forgery and
! obtaining money under faise pretense?, is
stlli under investigation by she jury. It
« understood that the charge oi :orgery
, has been passed and that the jury is now
inquiring esp cialiy into the allegations
that Raver received more money from the
'sale oi Hannah Jones' millinery estab
lishment than be had a cam for. Otto
turn Saaen makes the charge cf forgery,
alleging that Raaer took out a writ cf exe
cution under Turn Baden' a ns-me without i
authority. Bauer declares that tie had
..authority directly from Turn Suden him
se:f, and furtbei that he signea Turn Sa
tien's name "per Eauer." Attorney Nagie
appscrcd before .lie jury to present the
other charge of obtaining money under
false pretenses. Bauer claims that he
could explain this away in a moment —
that it was tin error caused by the imper
fect record left by Turn Suden. the
woman's attorney.
The standing committees cf the jury are
it work in their special lines. The expert |
has been at work on the books of the
Board of Education for some .i ays. Tne
:ommi:tee Will inqui:e inio the methods ;
A spending money in vogue with the
board— whether the luxuries of higher ed
ucation have been introduced to the d is- ,
a tdvanuge of the children at large in the
I ward schools.
"1 -*■ committee was also Tester in- i
XJracted to inquire as to the duties of the ;
Fish and Game Warden and discover ;
whether or not that official was a real !
necessity or has a sinecure. The duties of i
'.he Gas Inspector will also be inquired '
into and reported upon.
Voting Machine Incorporation.
Articles cf incorporation of the California I
Toting Machine Company were filed in the i
ment which would place their right Ito j
continue that municipal ownership, which (
they have found so satisfactory in the j
past, beyond the reach of dispute.
In this fight for municipal ownership I
Alameda has already achieved a decided I
■ victory. When the board of trustees de- j
1 cided to improve the old Jenney plant, |
they were opposed by an injunction. This
injunction was set 'aside. The State law
| also specifically grants to cities of the j
j sixth class the right that Alameda. which,
belongs to the next class higher, wishes to
feel secure in exercising.
C. E. Lloyd, from whom the old Jenney
plant was purchased, is believed to be the
man most active in instigating the oppo
sition.
It is calculated by the league that the
! city's continued control of the electric
I lighting will result in the reduction of tax
: ation 10 to 15 per cent, and thai it will be
I able to furnish an arc-light system of
; street-lighting free of cost to the* taxpay
i ers. The petition runs:
CARD TO THE FTBLIC.
The Municipal Ownership League of Ala
j meda solicits at the hands of the Legislature
! an amendment which will in specific terms
; give to the city of Aiameda the right to sell to
; it* citizens e.ectricity for purposes ol light.
; beat ana power.
In the endeavor to secure the passage of this
amendment the league hopes and expects to
have the support of the whole State, excepting
1 only those whose private, personal interests
are at variance with public ownership.
We therefore desire to place our cause before
the people at large as weu a* before the Legis
; lature Itself.
For more than eight years the city o( A1&
--i meds. has .owned its electric light plant.
j Within the past two years the Board of
, Trustees of the city determined to enlarge the
plant by adding engines and dynamo of tbe
most approved pattern and enlarging the
; building to contain them.
Upon this determination being announced,
suit was brought by J. T. Fleming, a citizen of
; Aiameda, to enjoin the Trustees trom making
: the proposed improvements and paytue money
tr.erefor. The case of Fleming vs. Foraerer et
t eL (ihe defendants being the Trustees of the
' city oi Alameda) was adjudicated before Hon.
' A. L. Prick, who dissolved the temporary mi
i junction which he had granted, and decided
is favor of the city, holding that the City
Trustees had the power to make tre proposed
; improvements, inasmuch as from the testi
: mony it appeared that the said improvements
i w«?re necessary for the better lighting of the
streets and for pumping water for street
■ sprinkling, but stating— (and to this we desfre
; to draw particular attention)— toat the law
I gave them no authority to sell electricity for
private use.
Inasmuch as mis point was not at issue in the
; case, this statement of the learned Judge may
be regarded as obiter dictum. la fact it is so
: regarded by our City Attorney, E. Taylor
j Esq., and by our Board of City Trustees. For
! the city is continuing to *c.l 'light as hereto
fore, and since the enlargement of the plant
has been completed is supplying to all citi
zens who desire i; incandescent* as rapidly as
i the necessary connections can be made-
It is contended by our City Attorney that the
learned Judge was in error in suiting that the
; sale of electricity lor lighting by the city to
j citizens is an illegal exercise ot power, and he
j is supported by many able lawyers in the be
lie: that sudivision 13 of sec. 764 of the
Political Code by implication comers all
| necessary authority tor such action.
Nevertncless the threat of interested parties
[ hangs over the city that tne Trustees will be
I prevented from making such sic.
.Hence the desire on the part of the citizens
: of Alameda to h«ve the statute amended so as
to give, in specific tones, tfce desired power.
It is worthy of note that in 1891 the Legisla
ture amended the law so as to grant to cities
County Clerk** office yesterday by Jacob Bro-.vn
stone. Gavin McNab. C. Christensen. C. L. Aci
erman and Fran,: Spirlirg. The capital st<ick
is limited to $1,000,000 and the amount usu
ally subscribed is $50, the incorporators hav
ing agreed ;o take one share eacn. The- com
pa.iv is formed for the purpose of inventing,
buying and selling all Kinds if voting ma
chines, and especially for manufacturing a
machine patented by C Christensen.
MIDWEEK CYCLE NOTES.
Annual Election* of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and the Alpha Cy
cliuc Club
The annual meeting and election of the
0 in pic Club Wheelmen was held last I
j evening. Most of the officers succeeded <
themselves, as will be note J by ttif follow- i
ing' Jin: ..Charts. Aibert Ada-ins, presi
' dent; Douglass Whit*, vice-president; H. ]
V. Scott, secretary; Georee H. Stratton, '
treasurer; Herman D. Hideafeldt, cap
-1 tain; John F. McGiynn, Frank W. Fuller
• and Thomas Bpiliane executive commu
te*. Tbe various reports read showed the
wheeling annex of the big Post-street club ;
to bt» in a very healthy condition. "
W. E Becker, trie riye-m'.le professional
', champion, left yesterday afternoon for a
trio north. He is on pleasure bent &nd
. will be away about ten days.
: The Alpha Ladies* Cycline Club recently j
elected the following officer-: Miss Marie
McCarthy, president ; Miss Nome Maguire/
• vice-president; Miss M. F. Madson, secre
tary; Miss Louise Kroetz, treasurer; Mr*.
Henry F. Wynne, captain ; Mile. M Rous
; seau, first lieutenant; Miss Elizabeth
Tiiden, second lieutenant; Miss Johanne '
Bertram, sergeant-at-arnis ;
The prospects are that the benefit meet
, of the League of American Wheelmen, to j
be held at the Velodrome track next
I Saturday afternoon, will be the best ever
held here. Arrangements have been made
-o that should it rain that day the meet
will be neM one week later, beats will be
', on sale to-day at Sherman «fc Clay's, and a
' large advance sale is expected on account
of the rush of the clubs :or front seats in
I blocks. The entry list includes all the
crack riders who have been ■ competing
, here, and in the amateur ranks particu
larly there will be some pretty finishes,
with Kenna, Kuss, Cook. Mott, inquires.
Crafts and others lined uo for the finals.
■■ The professionals are training at she track
every morning and afternoon, and alt are
in speedy condition. There will be a t
pretty contest for the Velodrome shield
between Whitman of Los. Angeles and
Dow of Seattle, with the chances slightly
in favor of Whitman. The entries are
now :n tb« hands of Official Handicapper ,
fcmytb, who will announce his distance
allotments to-day.
Tne members of the Imperial Cycling
: Club are srreatly interested in their "party,
to De held next Tuesday evening at Native '•
Sons' HalL The Imperials' past affairs of !
this kind have been very suceesslul, but ■
they hope 10 outdo themselves at the
coming one.
Fred L. Day won first prize in the Bay
City Wheelmen's euchre tournament the :
other evening, Jacob M. PiKe second.
The booby prize wa* awarded to Mr. Sala-
Bar, tbougn it should rightly have gone to '
C. Schilling. After the games the house
i committee, assisted by Dr. J. F. Twist, ;
served refreshments, ana with college ;
; songs the wheelmen wound up a very en- :
• jovabl* evening at a late hour-
Tbe benefit to Mrs. P. J. Hyde at Cali-
I fornia Hall last evening, conducted by
: the Foresters and Golden Gate Cycling
Club, was quite successful, and netted the
; recipient a tidy sum.
WOULD KOT PAY UP.
Albfit O. <1« Vincent and George Smith
Arrested for Disturbing the Peace.
Albert G. de Vincent, who two years
ago ras a candidate for the Assembly on
tne People's party ticKet, and George
Smith were arrested early yesterday
morning by Policeman M. F. Joy, oa
charges of disturbing the peace.
About 5 o'clock in the morning they
went into a restaurant oa the corner of
Post and Lark in streets md ran cp a bill
for $2. They declined t.o pay the bill, and
the restaurant keeper went outside and
blew his police whistle.
Joy and a citizen responded and they
had " considerable trouble in placing De
Vincent and Smith under arrest. At the
City Prison both gave their occupation as
that of a laborer. De Vincent is a clerK
in a shoestore.
The cases were called in Judge Low's
court yesterday morning and were con
tinued until to-day.
For th«?.H"pe Hill Home.
; A stereopticon exhibition will be given at
232Satter street on the evening of the 15th
ins:., for the benefit of the Hope Hill home.
Mrs. Bftlllngton Booth's temporary, home for
d ischarged convicts. Tne exhibition is to be
given by James W. Erwin. and Illustrated by
tarn C. Partridge with the most poweriui ster
eapticnn. . Trie subject of ilmuration will be
"The Wonders and Glories of California."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
of the sixth class the very power which Ala
meda, a city of the fifth class, is new seeking
to have definitely coMerrei upon it. So the
anomaly is presented of a city of one class
having power expressly conferred u^on it
which is not express y conferred upon a city
of the next higber class.
While it is to the interest of private corpo
rate capital to obtain a monopoly oi the
whole electric service of the city of Alameda,
the agents thereoi do not announce that as
their intention. They recognize the fact that
the city is strongly intrenched in its position
and their attack is directed to the weakest
point of that entrenchment. That weakest
point is in tiie lack of explicit authority con
ferred by law upon me city to sell electricity
to its citizens. And in their hopes the city's
opponents have received encouragement by
the obiter dictum of Judge Fnek, heretofore
reterrea to.
We ari led to expect strong opposition to the
pxMtige of the proposed amendment. Much
money has already been spent by those whose
interests are antagonistic to the city, and they
have yet a large iur.d :o draw uron. They
will not make an open fight. They will tight
as heretofore, under cover. Their endeavor
will be to prevent the bill from coming to a
vote. They will lose no opportunity to delay
i: in committees and on the tiies of the Senate
and Assembly. For ;hey know that if it once
comes to a final vote i; will carry by a large
majority.
We are also Informed that an effort will be
! made by the same Interests tosmugele in an
amendment prohibiting all municipal corpo
' rations from selling to their citizens electricity
■ for lighting or other purposes.
A word as to the organization which makes
, this appeal. . ■
I The Municipal Ownership League of Ala
i medals a body having a membership of over
i 700 voters, citizens ol Alameda. It is made up
without regard to political lines, and on in
! executive committee each of the three leading,
i political parties i« represented. It is not a
club of typical reformers. The majority of its
1 members are conservative men, some of them
i u:trs-conservailve. Many os them are wealthy
and prominent citizens. • *
The present law (section 704, subdivision 13.
! Political Code! reads: 'The Board of Trustees
i of such city shall have power • * • to con-
I struct and maintain and to permit tne con
j struction and maintenance of • •■• electric
j light lines therein."
A bill containinz the amendment desired by
I the leacue has beer, drawn by the City Attor
ney of Alameda. E. K. Taylor Esq. It h«s been
I introduced in the Senate by Senator John L.
Beard, and Is known as Senate bill No. 9. It has
; also been introduced in the Assembly by Hon
! orable James A. Waymire, and is there known
'as Assembly bill No. V2l. It proposes to
; amend sertion 76-1 of the Political Code by add
j ing to subdivision 3 thereof the following:
I ••To purchase, lease or construct water works
; and electric plant and all machinery, conduc
' tors and appliances necessary therefor; and to
| supply said city with and to sell to the inhab
itants thereof water, light, heat and power."
We appeal to the friends of municipal in
, dependence, we appeal to all who wish to see
I the cities ot this State freed from private cor-
I porate contro , to join with us in this fight.
i Ours is a contest for the principle of munici
i pal ownership, which, principal was indorsed
. by every political convention in our county
; and by many others of the State during the
' last campaign. .
We ask the press throughout the State to
■ give us their support. We ask all who are In
I sympathy with us to a.d in pushing our pro
[ posed legislation to a successful issue.
F. H. McCokxick. Pres.
E. a CLARK, M.D.. Vice-Pres.
J. J. Tobin.
Edward a. yon Schmidt,
. GIOBGE E. PIXMMER,
Ukees Majors,
Herman Krcsi.
Executive Committee
Municipal Ownership League of A.ameda,
1 Attest: Brain ard C. Brown. Secretary.
Alameda, January 12, 1597.
ANSELMO WANTS
A FULL FOURTH
■
Another Branch of Litiga
tion in the Laveaga
:| Case.
I The Young Man Wishes to Inherit
a Share of H s Use c's \-
Estate.
Suit Brought to Test His Standing
as Heir to His Father's
Brother.
Attorney J. J. Dwyei has filed the ap
plication of Anseimo Jose Maria de
Laveaga for a share of the million-dollar
! estate of Jose Vtncente de Laveaga, de
ceased.
Anseimo admits that Maria Joseph
' Cebrian, Maria Concepcion de Laveaga
an! Miguel A. de Laveaga are some of the
i.ex: of kin of the deceased, bat be ob
jects to the exclusion of himself from the
list of those, entitled to inherit a part of
the estate. In fact he demands a fourth
of what is leit of the properly after pay- j
ing certain legacies, alleging tha: be <
. stands as the representative of bis de- j
ceased father. Jose Maria de Laveaga, •
who was a brother of Jose Vincente de
[ Laveaga.
Tne relationship of the brothers is not
disputed, nor is itfleni d that Jose Maria
: de Laveaga was the father of Anseimo. j
ITh question in dispute is as to the legal !
standing of Anselmo as to nis heirstnp
because he was Dora out of wedlock.
Tne facts are established by the petition
of the youn/ nan. He files a copy of his [
lather's will to prove that his talker was
never married and that his mother was
Basilia Sanchez, wbo died in Mexico soon
after tne birth of her son, the claimant.
. That Jo»e Maria de Laveaga did suffi
; ciently legitimize hi? son Anselmo is not
■ denied either, as his nets were ample in
that regard. On May 24, 1373, he signed a.
declaration which was witnessed by Dr.
! Wilhelm Dohrmann, Anselmo's footer
lather, and F. A. Schroder, in which, j
speaking of Anselmo. the following pas- I
sage occurs:
I hereby repeatedly acknowledge and con
firm him with all bis legal claim* of inherit
ance and other rights and consequences con
nect i with and in law and justice arising out
of tr.is, my acknowledgment, whlca an own
ton may have.
Mr. D'.vyer said that under the decisions
in the Jessiip and Biythe case* the legiti- i
mz:ng of Anselnio was complete, end no j
oue would dispute his right to inherit
Iron his father, but in ibis case his father j
died before bis unc c died, and the point i
is i*4; -e<.t that Ans-lmo has not the legal i
right to inherit from his un«:ie. It is to
test this poiit tha: the present proceed
ings are bad.
An effort was made to secure a distribu- ;
tion of the Laveaga estate yesterday, but
Mr. Dwyers interposition blocked" pro
ceedings in that direction. Large be
quests to charitable institutions were
made, and the bulk of the estate was di
rected to be set aside in trust for the
fou r>. ding of a deaf and dumb and blind asy
lum, bat this *as declared void, and the
greater part of the property goes to the
relatives of the dectdent.
V ung Anseimo was bequeathed $20,000
in bis nnce'i will. If be succeeds m es-
tablishinz his right to stand as the repre
sentative of his father he will be entitled
to one-fourth of the residue, which would
make Ills share amount to over $150,000.
A Justice Cited.
Justice of the Peace Carroll hat involved
himself in a little controversy by his friend
ship for State Senator Eugene F. Bert, as is
evidenced by a complaint filed in the Su
perior Court Yesterday by the Ames <Sc Frost
Company. The plaintiff alleges that it has a
suit aga.nst the Pacific Cycle Company and
others pending in Justice Carroll's court, and
that an immediate trial is desired, but that
Justice Carroll has allowed a continuance of
two months, solely because Mr. Bert, the at
torney on the other side, is in Sacrnmen to at
tending a session of the Legislature. Judge
Seawelt has ordered J as' tee Carroll to snow
cause why he does not proceed with the trial,
the writ to be returned on the 23d inst.
WILL SUE FOR
RIGHTS OF WAY
Condemnation Proceedings
Ordered by the Valley
Road.
On Their Determination Con
struction Work to Bakers
field Will Begin.
Material and Money Eaoufh Avail
able to Put Their Road Through '
Without Delay.
As the result of the visit last week of
the directors of the Valley road to Fresno
and the country immediately south of
that city, it is likely that construction
work south of Fresno, on the proposed ex
tension of the road to Bakersfieid, will
soon be commenced.
So far as the new road is concerned,
every preparation has been made to take
up the construction worK and press it to
completion at the earliest possiole day.
Material is stacked up at Fresno almost
sufficient to build the entire distance be
tween that town and the intended south
ern terminus of the great rival of the
Southern Pacific Company. There is said
to be also ample means available to put
the road through without waiting for the
sa!e of the $6,000,000 worth of bonds which
are shortly to be issued.
The only obstacle in the way is the right
iof way. Owing to the annoyances ex
perienced in constructing the line between
Stockton and Fresno, oy not having a
ri^hi of way clear through between the«&
points, it is the determination of the di
rectorate not to begin operations on the
Fresno-Bakersfield extension until they
i possess this requisite.
At the present time the entire ripht of
i way has virtually been secured to Bakers
| field by way of Hanford. But there are
i three "holdings through wilicb the privi
! lege of running the line has not been se
: cured, despite long - continued negotia-
J tion*. '.";.
It was to look into these cases and to
j take a general survey of the righi-01-way
I situation that the trip of the directors was
i made lust week.
One of the obdurate land-owners is lo
cated just souiii of Fresno and the other
two are south of Kings Ktver. Every effort
was made by the directors to' settle the
! matter, but without avail. In conse-
I quence, at the regular metting of the
board yestenlay a resolution was passed
| authorizing tne institution of condemna
j tion suits against the properties in ques-
I lion. These will be commenced at once
and as soon as they are settled, provided
no new difficulties of this nature arise a",
o the r points, active work will begin.
Rights of way through Visalia, via
Reedley, are in fair shape and no serious
' obstacle ii anticipated alone this route.
BASE AND LOFTY THOUGHTS
Writing Too Freely Causes Kobert Ham
ilton to Be Scut to
Jail.
Robert Ha mil the saloon-keeper who.
was convicted a few days ago of sending
improper letters through the mail to a
j Mrs. Scully who lived on McAllister street.
I was sentenced to six months'imprison
ment in the 'Alameda County Jail by Dis
trict Judge Morrow yesterday. Five years
is the maximum sentence for such of
fenses, but the Jud=;e,let Hamilton off
light, as he said thai the m .n was not the
only one to blame. Scui.y has recently
obtained a divorce from his wile. Judge
Morrow in passing sentence took occasion
! to state that such correspondence, while
being against good morals, is also very
dangerous, and people should be careful
as to what their letters contain before de
positing them In Uncle tarn's letter-boxes.
Tnere was a curious feature to this case
I which showed to what extremes the hu
-1 man mind can go. In "writing to Mrs.
! Scully Hamilton frequently burst forth
| into eloquence of the higher order. One
i sample in particular arrested the atten
: tion of Judge Morrow, the lawyers and
I Federal officials. The woman had evi
dently asked the man's blessing, the occa
sion Dein.-, it was believed, to nave been
; the anniversary of tier birth. To tnis re
-1 quest Hamilton responded:
By the by. May, I send yon this. blessing
! and I trust everything will come to pais as I
have written it.
May the blessings of thy God attend thee;
I may the sun of glory shine around thy head;
may the gates ot plenty, honor and happiness
, be always open to thee and thine; may no
strife disturb thr days nor any sorrow disturb
thy nignrs; may the pillow of peace kiss thy
checks aau pleasure or- imaginations attend
thy dreams, and when length ol years makes
thee tired of earthly joys »uU the curtains of
• death rre Rent y closing * around the last
i scenes of thy existence, may the angels of God
attend thy bed And take care that the expir
ing lamp of life shall not receive one rude ast
to nasten its extinction, and, finally, may the
Savior's blood wash thee from all impurities
' a:, i at last usher thee iato the land of ever-
I lasting felicity." Amen. : -■/?£-•;-;
Several were inclined to believe that the
blessing was merely a quotation, but none
could tell from . whose pen it emanated.
: It was submitted to several people of let
\ ters, and more than one was inclined to
believe that it was original with the man
: whose v.ieness 13 the cause of his im
prisonment. \
• — ♦— •
Statistics just made public show that in
Massachusetts, in spite of the advent of
the trolley-car and of the popularity of
the bicycle, tee number of horses is
greater by 3085 than in the year preceding.
SEW 10-DAT.
SJIISt to
Make It
Interesting.
«- Electric Belts
Our Customer*. *™
$2.00 to $25.00.
The £-25 sort i* the very best that can be had.
They're the same that you'll get elsewhere for
$400r530. . - ' ■- ••• . :
TRUSSES FOE St. oo.
We recoeaue no competitor in this line.
We'll fit you perfectly and prove every claim
made for them. : y
ELASTIC STOCKINGS ,92.00.
If tney're not the best they're a: least a
mighty good article. You'll agree with us in
this. --nrtTßTffffißTMMßMHwnfßißWimm
HEALTH FOR 25 CENTS.
Todd'« Health Tablets, the latest remedy for
Constipation and Nervousness, promises to be
the most famous discovery oj the century. ■
A FREE TRIAL
Of Scott's Catarrh Cure. It will effect a per-
manent cure. Six months' treatment $3.50.
: We'll always be known as th» best and low-
est-priced house in the city.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
853 Market Street,
South bide, bet. fifth »nd sixth.
SEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
Building, / 1/1/ Murphy Building, (/{/ Murphy Building, /
! fflartet and Jones Streets. I Market anil Jones Streets. Mattel ail Jones Streets.
Of If* v The instantaneous popularity achieved by our
Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale, as evidenced by the
vIfC&L tremendous patronage of last week, proving as it
r ,+ m \j£\ rr £± does that the extraordinary character of this remark-
+*'***'* " IWw able sale is fully recognized by a discriminating pub-
I*3. riCC c ' stimulates us to still greater efforts to quickly
— v force out the vast surplusage of Fall and Winter
*3cl I C • : Goods yet on hand, and, as a result, the following
and all other lines specially selected for clearance this week have been
Marked Down Utterly Regardless of
>
Actual Value!
rr\\ nDcn no pieces double-fold DRESS
VULUI\CL» GOODS, in plain and mixed ef -"j^p
PIDPQQ teem, on special sale at l.*J\j
124 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL
GOODS LADIES' CLOTH, in plain and 9--..
vjuv/i/»j. {ancy coior j on special sale at -'Jt.
140 picesi ces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY STRIPED 9 -
GOODS, former price 40c a yar.l. on special sale at..... — **\j
95 pieces 33-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED CRO-
CETTA SUITING, former price 50c a yard, on special g^g
eaie at ..: -
71 pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL
STORM SERGE, lormer price $1 a yard, on special qQ(»
sale at. .........----
-69 pieces 43- INCH EXTRA- FINE ALL-WOOL FANCY
MIXED SUITING, two-toned colorings, former price qQq
$1 a yard, on special sale at.... ■ -•
51 piece, 43 to 5' INCH ALL-WOOL ' HIGH-CLASS
FANCY FRENCH DRESS GOODS, a mixed lot, for- •, -fi
mer price $125 and SI 50 a yard, on special sale at • JV
49 piece. 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM .
SERGE, in surah and diagonal effects, former price Jtfe
$1 a yard, on special sale at
3D pieces 44-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOV-
ELTY DRESS GOODS, choice colorings, former price €^00
$1 50 a yard, on special sale at...... >T.
If Ar*C 100.000 yards CAM-
LAC BRIC GUIPURE
EMBROIDERY.
ncn'T regular value 10c a
L/t-i* *• yard, clearance sale C/,
price *y
125 000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE
EMBROIDERY, regular value Op
l-/ic a yard, clearance sale .price vi \j
75 0C« yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE
EMBROIDERY, regular value 20c Qp
a yard, clearance sale price ...... ' "«
48 000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE
EMBROIDERS, regular va.ue 'loc 1 p
a yard, clearance sale price J.JU
I/- in 112 dozen 4-BUT-
J\.ILI ' TON UNDRESS-
fI\ OVP^ ed kid gloves
LI L.w V CJ. large buttons, col-
ors tan, mode, brown and'siate,
- regular price . $1. clearance sale "j||,
100 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES,
embroidered backs. (large buttons),
in darfc and medium tan shades,
also biacK, regular price $1 'Jo, '"^«
clearance sale Drice — .. •*»«
100 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES,
in black, regular price $1 25. clear- , pr-
ance sale price • "I
98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE
FRENCH KID GLOVES, em-
broidered backs and large but-
tons, colors tan, mode and
brown, also black, rgular price *1 AA
$150. clearance sale price $IiVU
RIBBONS, ISEBK
MACKIN- ¥**%?.
TOSHES. RIBB^N.In
assorted colors,' value 7>«jC a yard, I.
will be closed out at ttC
!Na 22 ALL-SILK. SATIN ' AND
• GROS-GRAIN" RIBBON, in .as-
sorted colors, value 20c a van, lA-
will be closed out at.............. IVO
.■.-• • ... ».
MISSES' MACKINTOSHES, in
.navy and mixed colors, value £>) Aft
$3, will be closed out at f.iVV
LADIES' (two capes) MACK IN-
" TOSHES, in navy blue, value 44 'A
$5. will be closed out at f O.*J V
I IMPM^ If y° D want values in TOWELS you can Dl AMk'PT^ We shall offer r * fa ' wees FIVE
*-• 1 i ■-. 1"^ •<• have them here this week. They are, the ' L»Lir\lll\L.l »7. Great Specials in High-gra:e Cali-
I IM C M C best makes, and the prices tell the balance. r> ■ a MI/CTC fornia 1 White Blanket?. They are
L. 1 1>» ti lN -5. ' DLAi>iKCIO. all large sizes and at nearly one-half
. - ' ~ their value.
200 dozen FRINGED IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, Oi Art ' ,
neat borders, size 17x33 inches. S.ile price per dozen. «?l.vlf FINE CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKET 3. a supe-
r ior ' * rior wool, 72x30 inches, that were pi a pair. Sal- Q i *)~
20*0 dozen FRINGEDJRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, CM Q- price this week at... ..,....:.... Sp-
elean stock, size 19x39. Sale price, per dozen $l.d»> HIGH-GRADE CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKETS,
. -■■ 66x73 inches (double bed size), thai were $4 75 a pair. QQ ?r A
•-. fcale price this week at ............ <jpO.»JV/
200dcien HEMMED HUCK TOWELS, 1 bleached, size Q1 1 X in_i rnnn whitp ri : i\irN~h«fr «t,h «nri . nc\ />^
- t7-r^iinrhp« «»!• n ri«. n«r nc7*n ■• ~ rM.IO 10 ~* GOOD VV Hub BiiA>Ji.b ls, heavy and service- Of) Q X
lix 33 inches. Sale price, per dozen fpx.x J able, pure wool filling, the $3 50 grade. Sale price at. $^.O£>
~~~ 200 pairs SUPERIOR QUALITY FINE WHITE
200 dozen HEMMED HUCK TOWELS, IRISH 01 i[\ BLANKETS, very large and choice, odd lots. Tob?QX (\(\
LINEN, size 19x39 inches. Sale price, per dozen.... «pJ..±l/ closed out at, t per pair .*. O^«"v
TPNMf PI AIM IMP! TO-DAY— SO pieces best GRADE bizarre FLANNELETTES, value r*
icnt^iio rLAnncL. 12^'c, ON sale at.......... OC
{£[/ W.urphy- Building, ./
• Market M Junes Street!
RI ATk' 23 pieces S9- INCH FIGURED ENG-
DLrt^fV LISH MOHAIRS, worth a yard, OOp^ p
pvrj CC C w^ ke Pa ced on sale at OOlj
19 Pieces 52-INCH EXTRA FINE
HOODS FRENCH BOURETTA, worth $1 -\ o
VJWiy^. a yard, will be closed out at OOXj
15 pieces 47-INCH ENGLISH NOVELTIES. Astrachan 7X P
elfects, worth $1 50 ayajd, will be placed on sale at.... • OK/
17 ri«"-es4s-INCH EXTRA FINE ENGLISH MOHAIR
NOVELTIES, worth $150 a yard, will be placed onC|oo
saie at . . •P- L »—
Qll ff 30 pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-
*^S I l-«IV GRAIN SILK, regular price 75c a yard, XS/»
pkr^U»»y« clearance sale price " O\j
50 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, regu- p
lar price 85c a yarl, clearance sale price OOxj
60 piece* CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, regular fjZn
price 90c a yard, clearance sale price • u\j
50 pieces STRIPED AND FIGURED CHANGEABLE
TAFFETA SILK, regular price $1 a yard, clearance J7Xn
sale price -- 1 ' *J\J
Cloak
Department.
LADIES' NAVY BOUCLE
CLOTH JACKETS, box front,
storm collar, former price $5. &i) I"
clearance sale price T-ti'J
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined
with silk serge, elegantly bead-
ed and edged with Thibet fur on
storm collar, former price- $10, *r nx
clearance sale price ..•....:: .. ¥!/i(w
I
Mariet it Jones Street!
M PN' 96 dozen MEN'S
lTlCrl>l AND BOYS' SILK
WPAP NECKWEAR, in ;
"~ L<rtl\i Tecks. Four-in- ,
hands, Band Bows and Windsor?,
our regular 25c and 35c grades. 19 ! j»
Clearance sale price. 1 ■20
75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UN-
LAUNDERED WHITE
SHIRTS, made with double
backs, re-enforced all-linen in-
serted fronts, felled seams and
made of Utica nonpareil cloth,
regular price Soc each. Clearance Kfim
sale price. V VC
14-2 dozen MEN'S HEAVY ME-
RINO SOCKS, full finished,
with double-spliced heels and
. toes, and in brown, drab, cadet
blue and sanitary pray color?,
regular price 83e a pair. Clear- 101*
ance .-ale price . s 1-20
29 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY
AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S WOOL *
AND CAME AIR MIXED
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, , warranted thoroughly
shrank, resu ar price $1 50 each. & i A A
Clearance sale price $!.""
HOSIERY i 5 i? z T BO A
nCD'T HEAVY BLACK
17 Cr 1 . RIBBED COTTON
BICYCLE HOSE, made special-
ly for boys' wear, worth #4 per
dozen. Clearance sale price, per IJT.
pair.';:;.*....' IvC
ICOdoz-n LADIES' BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, fine gauge, high
spliced heels, double soles and
toes, Hermsdorf dye, worth $4
per dozen. Clearance sale price, J*.
per pair lyG
60 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIB-
BED EGYPTIAN FLEECED
COTTON VESTS, high neck".
long sleeves, silk embroidered
front, drawers to match, worth *}Za
50c each, clearance -ale price. ... £vG
63 dozen LADIES'~ENGLISH SA-
TEEN CORSETS, extra Ion?
" .'.waist, bigh bust, two side steels
each side, handsomely, embroi-
dered with silk flossing and made
witn patent loop eyelets, back
and drab, ' regular price $1 50. *| AA
Clearance sale price. $l«vv
MOT I ON COLORED BEAD -
.INU I IUIN AND SPAN3LE ;
nCD'T DRE-^STKIiI.
LfCr 1 . MING, all new a**
styles, reduced from sucayardto -'JO
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEA-
THER COLLARETTES. 13-inch
ribbon ties, extra fine quality, JO A A
all prices, commencing at...... . v'JiVV
LADIES' REAL BLAt. X MAR-
TEN FUR NECK SCARFS re-*,) -A
d need from £i to $..*JV
LADIES' SILK ELASTIC (satin
finish) BELTS, 5 inch, reduced &| A A
from $175 t0.....; •VIF
• If if Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones ; Streg£i
. .' • ■: ' ■
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SVMMAI>¥ OF THE MAJKKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat steady. Barley lower.
Oats In fair demand.
Corn *r«mk. Rye dull.
Hay stead >-.
Flour unchanged.
Little doing in Beans.
Mustard Seed neglected and lower.
Potato >s and Onions steady.
Vegetables quiet.
.Tuner and Kgcs declining. Cheese weak.
I 'oll l try generally lower. Game ditto.
Eastern Apples hard to sell.
Oranges dull. Mexican Limes firm.
Dried Fiults stagnant.
Provisions dull.
Woo weaker and depressed.
Nothing doing in Hops.
Meat Market unchanged.
Hides as bet jre.
Coffee quie:.
Oils unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrwt
et station indicate maximum temperature for tha
days: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth.-!,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pmn s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hljth barometric pressure and
is usually acconiDanled by fair weather: "low"
r»fers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weatherand. rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
'and low along the coast, ami the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable:
but when th» "low is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, winner
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
. Will produce an opposite result.
"WEATHER MJKEAC REPORT.
Vvitkd States Department ok .AGRicrji/
tcbe. Weather Bubkac, Sax Francisco Jan.
12. 1897. 5 P. M.— \\ father conditions and general
forecast:
- The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
' as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four
hours: ■•fg£3i§
Eureka ?3.04 inches, last season 15.90, last
24 hours .08; Red Bluff 11.35, lust,season 6.66.
last 24 hours .12: Snn Francisco 11.10, last sea
son 4:10; Fresno 4.01. last season 1.11, last 24
hours .04; San Luis Uh'spo 7.91, last season 4, last
14 hours. .04: Los Angeles i).-4u. URt season 1.71.
last 24 .hours trace: ban Diego 3 88. las: season
1.57, last '.4 hour hours trace; Yuma '..'.40, last
season .82, last 24 hours.: 0. '
!-an Francisco data—Maximum temperature 49,
mum 46. mean 48.
The miD to-night presents some remarkable
fpfctures of pressure distribution. There are no
marked high or low ureas and but one Isobar.
The pressure has fillen over the entire country
'west of the Rocky Mountain*.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the-entire country west of the Kocky Mountains,
with '.he exception of a, small area In the northern
) art o: the Sacramento Valley. Rain has fallen
over the entire country west ot the Kocky Moun
tains, with ihe exception of Nevada and small
i Teas in California near San i- rancisco, Fresno and
Los .Angeles.
A i.orthwest wind of 30 miles per hour is re
ported at hur-ka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
. ending midnight. January 13,11897:
Northern California — Rain Wednesday; light
DOrMirr y wind-..
Southern California—Cloudy weather Wednes
day with rain early Wednesday morning In
northern nor.lon: wesierlv w.nds.
Nevada—Rain Wednesday.
Utali—Cloudy weather and rain or snow Wednes
day.
Arizona—Rain Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain Wednesday;
fresh northeasterly winds.
Alexander McAdik,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW I'OKK MARKETS
Financial.
.NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.-There was a
slight failing off in the volume of trading at the
Stock Exchange to-day, the sales amounting to
1 1f,659 shares against 214 000 shares yesterday.
In to-day 'a total sugar figured for 17,700 shares,
Union Pacific for 12 900 and Wheeling and Lake
Kiie for 11.800. The market displayed strength
throughout, the si~ntng of the arbitration . reaty
by representatives of the United States and Great
Britain and the improved outlook for general
business having exerted a favorable influence.
The standard issues moved up gradually, and at
the end of the session a few stocks showed gains of
1419% cent. Leather (preferred), sugar, Chi
cago gas, Tennessee coal, (Grangers', Manhattan
and Reading were all prominent in the upward
movement, sugar so dup to within a fraction of
113, the reduction of l-16c in certain grades of
T< fined sugar and the coffee war at the West being
ignored by operators. Leather prefened rose
. &{jc to 61% con covering of shorts,
lennessee Coal rose from 26% to 28% on the
. announcement mat strong interests wl I be repre
semeu in the directory in thf fntur". The directors
cretom-et to-morrow to niakelmpnrtnn changes
in the board. Union Pacific was better supported
«nd rallied a point to 7S<g. Reports from rtasli
ing;on were 10 the effect tnat >the (iovernment, In
view of the defeat of the fundiiiK bill, would heg n
foreclosur- Droceedings at once. London was a
s-li r. and, according io estimates, parted with
m-ar y 10,000 shares of various siock. The offer-
Ings were quickly absorbed and made no impres
sion on p uei.
The feature of the day, however, was the break I
in Ulii'i-nni; Hud Luke Erie, the common drop- '
pI"K from 51/2 id 35/ :jj>4y 8 and the preferred from
•/35/g to i6<yvig/17V2- 1 lie decline of prices was the
result of a rumor mat application had been made
for a receiver. Th.a whs not cod firmed, although It
is generally adiuuted that the demoralization In
1 he bituminous coal trade has affected all the soft
coal carriers- Long Island stock was dull until
just 1 efore the close when 400 shares were sold at
6'/, a decline of 3 per lit. The 4 per rent bonds
On the other hand were stronger mid rose >>i /2 10.
&5. enJ >ew York. Brooklyn and Manhattan
Beech Consolidated 5s udvmue.l 314 to 1058^.
Ihe appreciation In the bonds is due to tue re
cent formation of the syndicate 10 protect the
property. , The director* of the Long Island road
met to-day but took 1 o action on the dividend.
In the past tnedirecios have declared the Feb
ruary dividend at thvt January meeting * Biltl
iiiitb and «;i:io was another weak -pot and f 11
] Vs 10 I*7B. with a sui b queni recovery to lSyg.
Speculation in the final dealings was strong i 1
tone. Wheeling and Lake Krie island tio
preferred til/8 percent on the day.
Bonds were higher. Hales footed up ¥1,545,000
J ong Island general fours were the feature and
sold at 85. against .7ti/j the las'. sale. Chicago
and Krie firsts rose to 112; Equitable Gas and
Fuel of Chicago sixes, lVi to 97Va: Oeorgia Pa
cific firsts. 1 to 11: International and Great
.Northern first sixes, 1 to II&34: Missouri Pacific
Consolidated sixes, 1 to 86; Sew York. Brooklyn
and Manhattan Beach fliat consolidated fives, 3Vi
' to 105%: Ohio SouthPrn first sixes. 1 to 87; itocij
esl-r uuJ l'ittsburg first sixei. 1 to 121; » . Paul
second sevens, 1 to 130 V, and st. Paul, Chicago
I and Missouri Kiver rives, 1 to 109. '
la Government bonds. $7500 coupon fours of
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldeedorff St., Tel. Main 1 954.
emu j. office ■
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5144.
t'ptown (.<lliu> — Kali win iiotel (adjoining Ur ill
Room). Tel. Main 339.
I'IKDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Crdtrs instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Jiank, S. F.
CHICAGO- tIUVATK WIRK AKW YOKK.
19J7 fold at 111% and $18,000 do 1925, at 120%
@120%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet, , steady, unchanged. Southern
flour dull, steady, unchanged. Rye flour quiet,
steady, $3 16. „
CORA Quiet, steady, unchanged.
RYE— Dull, firm: Western car lots, 43@44c;
c. I. f. Buffalo at 47; f. a b. at 48% c.
BARLh.* — Dull, steady; 29c c 1. I Buffalo;
35 %c f. a b.
*« HEAT-Spot market dull, firm. F. o. b.,
9Sy 8 c; ungraded • red. 79<a9t>o: No. 1 Nonnern,
92%:. Option* advanced" %@%c with the West
and foreign buy ings, tell Wa-l'c on free realiz
iuc West and here, rallied %@H4c on latest
strength, decline! Vi<ii s ,V-' and oosed stead »■ at
6^0.84 over yesterday, with fairly active trade.
->.. v aul July iiinsi active. .No. 2 red Jnnuary,
813/ 8 c; March. 905/ 8 c; May. 87y 8 c; July. 82vic.
. 1 uj(N- Spots fairly active, firmer. .No. - V!9@
2914 c elevator; 30i/ B@^oy4«:8 @^0y4«: afloat; steamer,
mixed. 28c: No. », 27c; sieumer, ye low, 28c.
options were dull ana firm at Vi® s /^ advance
in the West and on local covering, May and July
on tiaied Id. January, >9^4c: May, i,03/4c;
July, 31 %c.
OaT>>- -Jpots moderately ac>iv<-, steady: options
dull, firmer. January, 22c; February, 2iiVa c t
-May. i;3c
•^pot prices: No. 2. 22V4C: So, 2 ' while,
24V 3 c: Ka 2 Chicago, 23V*c; So. 3. 20ijjc: No.
3 white, 22c; mixed Western, 22^24c; wiiitv do,
23@30c.
Provisions.
J*RP-Qiilet, barely steady: Western steam,
$4 20: city, »80; January, $4 20, uominal; re
nned, quiet continental, $4 65; S. A., $4 75;
com pou m: 4V4@4 ! i>r.
POHK— Firm, moderate demand; new mess,
«8 25@S 76.
i>l''iTKit— Steady, moderate demand: Western
creamery. 13c: do tat lory, 7(0)14c; tlijms, '»0c;
imitation creamery, ll@l6c.
ciih.KSK— Firm, moderate demand: part skims,
4@Bc; full skims. 2@»Vfcc.
JiUGS— Steady; lcenouse. 13@14c: Western case,
$3; limed, 13«14<-.
1 ALLOW— Steady; city, 3y 3 c; country, a»/ 8 @
hS/ic.
COTTONSEED OIL — Firmer; crude, 22l/ 2 c;
yellow prime. 26V3C.
RlCE— Fairly active, firm; Domestic, S3i@6c;
Japan. 4Vs@4 V»<*.
3d OLA Quiet. New Orleans. 2@3c.
COt'FKE— fcteady; 5©15 points up. March, SB 60
©9 65; May, $9 70«9 75: July, »9 85@9 9l); ."»ep
lemoer. 1 9 80@9 90: December. $9 90. spot dull,
steady; No. 7, -ioy 8 \ <
bU<4AK— Quiet; No. 1 to No. 8, y 8 C lower;
! No. 9to No. 13, 1 3-lßc lower; No. 14, V B c down;
No. 6. 3 l-i6c; .No. 7. as/ 4 c: No. 8, 3 11-16 c; No.
9. 3 11-ltc; No. 10, 3s, 8 e; No. 11. 3 9-ltic: No. 12,
3Vb«: NO. 13,3716. oir A,4<a4y 8 c; mold A. 4. r -m-:
Mtndaril a, 4S/ S i-; confectioners' A, 41/4 C:
cut loaf. Be; crushed. sc; powdered, 4%c; grauu
ated, iS /gv; ; cubes, 4iy B e.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. U(aillr.
} * A CPEfc— Peeled, boxes, 13@15c: unpeeled,
bags, 7* 9r.
PRUNKS-Four sizes, t@Bc.
RAiSINS— Two-crown, loose mucatel. 4VaC V
tb: 3-crown, 6y 3 c; 4-crown. tVa c : do London
layers, $1 40; clusters. $1 65.
A Mu.NlJs- soft shells, B@9y2C; do paper shell,
ll@l2c
V A LNUTS— Standard. 7%c; soft shell. 9c.
Hups- Choice, firm. Pacific Coast, 3y 2 @l3c.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, la *23c; pulled,
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
RON— Quiet. American. *llrai3.
COPPHK— Firmer. Lake. $11 621/,..
LKAD-Flrm. Domestic. *3 02% ($3 07%.
'' IN— Firmer. Straits, $13 10@l3 15; pates,
quiet.
ti-i£I.TKR— Steady. Domestic, *3 90@4.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 12.— Wheat opene I firm
th s morning, but shortly afterward yielded to
I free telling of loug wheat. When that pressure
I was removed from the market it strengthened and
j advanced ,to better figures than were quotable at
I the start. Liverpool did not decline qui.e as much
] as was expected, and that with reported buying
I here by foreigners and the snle of 100,000 bushels
] ca^h wheat for shipment abroad were the forming
influences. The sentiment remained bearish, how
ever, and the inclination was to depress rather
than elevate values. Receipts in the Northwest
were liberal. at 330 cars, against 149 last Tuesday
and 310 a year ma Chlcrgo had 41 cars and in
spected out 24,911 bushels.
The tone displayed quite a little improvement
later, and an advance to the call price took place,
but selling against those or vileges prevented any
further rise. Export clearances were moderate it
231,367 bushels. Closing Continental cables were
lower. May wheat open c! from 80% to 8')8. 8 . *old
be. ween 79»4 and t?oy 8 . closing at 80",. — }i
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipt-, for
to-morrow «even teen cars. No. 2, r.*d mot, wheat,
ranged from 87% to 89V 8 - closing about 87%
CORN— movement in 'corn was slow and j
the action lm>gn ar. Narrow fluctuations took |
place and they were generally in reflection of the I
direction shown by wheat. I lveri>ool cab.es were
*A<X lower. Receipts were 35 cars, and 120,600
bushels were taken from store. Exports were
51,750 bushels. May corn opened at 245/ eC, sold
between 24Vi>c and 2434 c, closing nt the outside
14c over yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow, 180 cars.
11ATS- Were moderately active and averaged
fairlr ateacv. Receipts were 225 cars. There
were no withdrawals from atorp. Exports we.-.
light at 10 49U busbe's. May oats closed It c
higher. Es.imated r.ceipts for to-morrow, 865
cars.
FLAX— Was firmer. Cash, No. 1. 75c nominal:
Northwestern. 7"Vie; January, 74Vic: May, 77®
773ic ' Receipts were 9 cars.
1 i.OVIsiONS— Asnade better price was quo
able in provisions early. Hogs wer* up a lit Ip.
and to coi.ic.de wl:ri the v product Improved.
La er packers sold freely, and commisslo.i hooves
also had orders on iDa: side, the prospe t of heavy
receipts of hugs In the near future promp Ing the
action. May pork closed 10c lower, May lard "Vie
lower ana May ribs 6c lower
BUTTER— Was fairly active and steady to-day.
Receipts were mo-lent c, as was also the demand.
Creameries— Extras. 19c: 'firsts, 17(£18c; sec
onds, 14ft£16c: imitations, fancy. l:@l4c. Dairies
extras. 17c: firsts. j4(0.15c: seconds. 9«8 luc. La
dles—Extras, lO@llc: nrsu. BVi«.9Vsc; packing
nock. He; grease. 2y2@;*c; roil baiter, be.
K(.Gb-Thf re was a atead er feeling in the egg
market, but no auvan c in prices took plac ■•. Tne
weamer was more favorable .0 business in this
branch. Fresh stock 35c j> dozen.
MONEY— Was quoted at 6@6%0n call and time
loans. -New Yor*. exchange was quoted at oOc
discount. -
* losing Prices.
WHEAT— January. 78S/ a c; May. 80% c; July,
76%@>76'/ 2 -
January, 22>/ 8 c: May, 24»4c; July.
268^.
OaTSs— January. 16c: May, 18% -
PORK— January, $, ts.V. May. *,< 90.
LARD— January, *3 M): May, $4 05.
January, $4; Slay, $4 07y 2 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Jan. 12.-The
market for cattle was weak. * The demand was
poor and the supply moderate. The demand for
hogs was active. : The offerings were large.
Sheep and lambs were firm aud iOc high r.
CATI LK- Receipts. 4600. Fancy beeves. 95 00
©6 40: choice to prime steer.*, $4 9 @!i 25; ko id to
choice steers. $4 60@4 B.S; medium steers, $4 10@
4 50; fair beef steers, S3Mj(s- 00; good to prime
stockers ana feeders, < 3 75(gj4 25; fair to good
stockers and feeders. $.«ft3"7o: bulls, choice to
extra, $3 oO@3 75: do. poor to choice. $2 o<)@3 26;
cows mid heifers, choice to prime, 93 60(pj4 16;
cows, fair to choice, $2 5003 SO: . cows,' common
to fair cann. rs. $1 76@2 46; calves, gooa to fancy,
15 50@6 15; calves, common to good. $3 50@l 45;
I exas ted steer*. «3 7o@l 20: milkers and spring
ers, 9 h. ad, $25040.
HO(?3-Kecelpts, .«,00tt Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 20@4 J2y 2 : common to choice
mixed, (3 20fa3 45; cnoice as<orted. 8H 4U@
3 47V!i: »ehi, 93 25@3 46: pigs, f 3@-< 45.
SHiiitP— Receipts. 11,0' JO. Inferior to choice,
43 60.
Receipt* at Omaha. •
SOUTII OMAHA. Nker., Jan 12. — HOGS—Re
ceipts. 6400. Market 5c higher. cloMnc: strong-
Light an.l mixed. $3 16T$3 30; heavy. $ 1 05@3 6.
CaTTLK— Rece.pts. 2 Marke. weak to 10c
lower for beev s: of '-rs steady. ' steers, 93 40Q
4 35: cows, $1 75@» 80: feeders. 93@4.
r-li j-.Ki' — Receipts, 1200. Market strong, active.
Muttons $i b5.
Keceipts at Kama* City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 13. — ifOOS— Re
ceipts, 18.0J0. Heavy. 93 05i»3 i 7V a ; mlxei,
$.i 1003 2'1 7 ; light. 93@32.'y 2 .
CATTLE — Receipts of cattle were 12,000.
Native steers, beit, 93 25@49 i; fair 10 good. 93 10
@4 10: cows. »n I heifers' $1 7i@3 bO; fair to
good, $1 HS(d>l 95: bulls $2 26C4,.. 00; > stocken
and feeders. 92 7S(*3 90: Texas and Western.
$1 tO<g>3 70; calves, *S@l2.
BIiKEP— K«-ce!iils, 4000. Lam 'is, 12 B."i@s
muttons, 92@3 70. ■ '
NEW YORK STOCKS. '
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Kailroad
Shared. . .'
Money on call easy at I@l Vi\': last loan at lVi%
and closing offered at 1 VaX Prime mercantile pa
per. 3ViS«3»AV. Bar silver, 64% c. Mexican dollars,
(§t>iy 3 . sterling exchange firmer with actual
busiiii-s* in banicers' bills at $4 S4 l yti,i »4 S/ i for
bO days and 84 87»/i©4 H7V a fur oem..nd. Posted
rates, $4 8604 be. Commercial bills, $4 83
($4 b4. uovernment bonds steady: mate bond*
dull; railroad bonds firm. ■, Silver at the board neg
lected. ■ ■
. . . txosixo STOCKS.
Am Tei A Cable... 85 " North American... 4V5»
Atchlson .......... .14Vs Northern Pacific.. 14 .
Preferred......... 73V»! Pr-ferreJ. .;.;."... 33V&
Adams Express... 160 , Northwestern. 103
Alton, Terie Haute 56 1 Preferred ...163
American Kxpres«lo9 • X V Central 931*
American Tobacco 70 " XV, Chicago&st L llr. 8
Preferred.. lU5%| Ist preferred..... 66
Bay state U«s..... HVs •- 2d preferred .26
Baltimore « Ohio.. ibVg Y&N H. ....... 177
Jirunswicic Lands. <■- tfy\\ YA- New Kng... 45
Buffalo, P.och &P. Ib 3/ 4 YSusq&W.... 9
Canada i'aclfic sftM/4 Preferred 24
Canada Southern.. 44 .Ontario. :.•.:.. ■..*..".. • lOVi
Canton Land....... 603/ fl Ontario <ft Western 14.%
Central Pacific - 12 • OreKOnlmprovmnt— — -
thes & 0hi0....... 17%! Preie-red .'.....:-— -
Chicago A1t0n. :...102t lOri>KOn >avtKatlon 14
Preferred 174 {Oregon t»bort Line. ,74
Chicago, B <& Q.... 72y 8 Pacific Mali::... 1 ..^ 24
Chicago <t E1U....' 3» ,I'eona. DA Kvans 2
Preferred......... 90 'Pittsburs; 4 W pfd. 16
Chicago Uas.. 7614 Poilman Palace 154 V4
Clevc& ntutburg.l66 [Quicksilver .";...'..'. , li/i
Consolidation < oal. 37 •* I j Preferred ...a .12 ,
Consolidated Ga5. .141 [Reading...... ...... 2«t 8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
CCC &St Louis... 28 nßloGrande&Westn- —
Preferred 7SV^ 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel & Irci.. 53% Rock Island 67%
Preferred 70 • RomeWat&Oeden.ll7
Cotton Oil Cert l.ii/^jHt L & 8 W 4
Commercial Cable. 156 | Preferred 10
Del Hudson. ..DIVi at Paul 74 V*
Del Lack&Westrn.lss j Preferred.:.;..... 130
Denver & R G 11% Si Paul & Duluth.. 20
Preferred......... 41% Preferred.;.;:.... 80
Di5ti11er5............— Si Paul <k Omaha.. 49
General Electric... 343,4 Preferred... ......lSO
Erie; ......... 14%' st P M M 112
Preferred 33 Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 166 Southern Pacific. 12 •
Great Northern dMIIB Southern RP. ...... j»%
i.iHHi 8ay.......... Vi Preferred ...27
Harlem; 291 Sugar Refinery... .l)2S/ 8
Hocking C0a1...... 4 Preferred .. .....101
Hocking Valley... 17 : Term Co»l & Iron.. 283/ 8
Homestake 35 Preferred »»0
II & Texas Central Texas Pacific ..... 9 3
Illinois Central.... 92% Tol A A <fc N Mich.- —
lowa Central....... 7% lot uhlo <t Central 20
I'reierred 2. ;%! Preferred 60
Kansas <fc Texas... 133/ + Tol »t Louis &X 0 3• .
Preferred......... 3U I erred..... V.:. 16
Kingston & Penu.. 3 'Union Pac. 1ie...... 7%
Lake Erie A Westn 16%|U P Den & Gulf.... 2
Preferred 671/4 U S C0rdage........ - —
Lake Snore 161 1 ' Preferred
National lead 24 ' Guaranteed:..... •
Preterred t>B U S Express.. ...., 37
LongJslanl 67%|U S Leather .....': 9
Louisville & Nash. 49y*| Preferred 61%
Loulsvlll»",N AlDuy V* U 8 Rubber... 24
Preferred. 1% Preferred 74
Manhattan con 88V4 Otica& B River... l6o
Memphis & Charts 16 Wab 8L & Pacific. 61-3
Mexican Centra... 9% Preferred "...16
Michigan Central.. 90 Wellg-Farna 97
MinnJtSL Western Union.... " 83%
-Preferred. Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn &St L com.. 19 Wheeling & LE... 4
Ist preferred 7tf Preferred......... 17
M erred ... 46 Am Cotton Oil ptd. 65
Missouri Pacific... 20% W U Beef 6
Mobile <& Ohio 22 Ann Arbor 9%
Nashville & Cbfttt. 67% Preferred 23%
National Linseed.. 14 Brooklyn Traction. 18%
X J Central 101 .'Erie 2d pfd. 19%
or folk <t Westrn. HVs 1 American Spirits.. 133/*
Preferred.. 16%1 Preferred 28Va
CLOSING EOVDB.
Ala Class A 4*-.... 104 Northern Pac lsts. ll4
Do Class B 4, 6s. 103 Do ad-.
Alabama, class C. 94 D08d5.... 77%
Atrhitoa 43 80% DoeonsolSs 6454
Do2ds A..;...... 44V*lOr lmprovmnt Ist. 89
Canada Houth Sdt. lo6 I Dobs. t>o
Cen Pac lstsof'9s. |O R & N lots. HOVe
Cherokee 4s. 1886. 103 Do consol 5s —
•Do 1897 10.1 Or Short Line 65... 112%
DoIB9K. 103 Doconsol 5s 64
D 01899 103 Pacific 6so( '97...
Ches <fc Ohio 55.... 108% rinla A Heading 4s 80%
ClutN PTr Rets 5s 11 Vi Do Ist pfdlnconi. 4b il
D C 8-66.1. 109 Vi I! Grande West lsis 7X s /i
Den AR 14 Ist.. 11l Ist I.AlronJf tOen&s 78%
Do 4s 88%' St L £«FGen tis..lOß'/i
En* 2ds 63 St Paul Consols.... 130
FtW&DenClty lsts 6.4 >t PCA Pa ls:s -.115
UllAs aUs .102 So Carolina 4%5,..i00
Do2d7s. 98 Southern X Ros... 89%
Gen EleoDeb6v.. 90Va Do Pac Cal IBts..lii7
H A Tex Cent 65...106>4 Term new Us 77 V a
Do con 6s. 1003/ 4 : Texas Pac lsts 86
lowa Central l»ts.. 96 j I exas Pac 21
Kansas Pa Consols -66% '.'nlou Pac l*w 98.10 M
KsPalstsDenDlvll4 U s 4*. re? of 1923.12054
La Cousol 4s. ... 95 Do 4a, coupon 12U6/8
Missouri funding.. D feS 4t reg of 1907. HO 8 /*
M X T ids 81 Do 4 s. coupon lll /s
Do 4s 83 Do2s 95%
Mobile Ohio 45.. 67 Do ss, reg 1141,8
Mutual Union 65. .110 Do 6s. coupon 1141,8
N J cv-ni (Jen Ji,..1:5V8 \'a funding deot... 61 V*
N YC&StLouls4sio4V« Do registered •
Nor A- West Uen 6s 118 Do deferred 65... 6
N duo con 45. 100 I Do trust rcpt stpd 6
Do 6s 126- Wabasb Ist 6s 106%
NorihwestConaols.l4l West chore 4a..'... *U5Va
i-'ocio 6s 108%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 12.— The spot market
Is quiet at 7s 2d@7s Bd. Cargoes are quiet at
36s 3d, sellers, promot shipment.
FUTITRKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the fo lowing
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s b%«l; February,' 6s 9%d; .Much, 6s
lOd: May, 03 lOVid.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, F.NO..Jan. 12.— Consols, 111 13-16; sil
ver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 851,4
Sterling Exchange, stgnt — 4 88V*
Sterling Cables — 4 Bb»4
New York 1- xchange, sight. — 12%
New ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, per ounce — t>4*4
Mexican D0nar5......... 63 62%
PEODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND OTuK.i GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue nominal and
dull on the spot at. 15s usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage
of 34,425 against 68,600 tons on the same date In
ISHU: disengaged. 104,600 tons against 47.100; on
the way to this port, 1613,3,0 tons against 228,
--300.
WHEAT— There is a steady demand on ship
ping account at unchanged quotations.
The J .mm- I hail < takes for Cork 85.254 centals
valued at * 132,200.
Quoted at $1 36@1 60 ft ctl for common grades,
$1 62 Va@l 65 V cii for average .No. 1, $1 57 Vb 'or
choice ami $1 60@l 65 %* ctl for extra choice
milling.
CALL KURD «a IKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
B>ODXD ""Kmsion— No sales.
HniiT.Ait Morning '-jts.siOK — May — 2000
ctl-, $4 37 ; Vi; 2100. $1 67%: 2000. $1 58; 4000,
II 5by 8 .
iimiOOl Mcssio.v— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 58.
•".Alll.KV -Bniu ap'it and tutor quotations are
Ic .» -r. nn. trade is dull We quote Feed, 80@
hitS/^c; choice origin, 86^86V4>;: Brewing, auto
•TV%ri No. 1 Chevalier *1 I<%l 20 V ctl.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal S»rsion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
SiniMi skssiiis — -May- 2000 ctls, 881/gc; WMjO.
88c: 20 00, 87% c; UtOO. K7%c; 20.0. 871/sc.
I.EOri.AB SiOBNING -KS-.JON— May — 2\/O0 Clls,
87c: 4000. b6^ c: 200'», fti^c; tiOOJ, 86y c.
Aktkrnoon nkskion— May— 6ooo cila, 86c. •
OATh-Falr trade ou Jobbing account. Fane.
Feed, *1 45. Common to eooa While range. $1 10
to *1 35, according to quality. Black, for feed, 95c
r0.91 10: for s«-ed, 91 2U@l 30; Or»v. nomma ;
IW, a O7'/zft4l 12 Vi: Surprise. $1 6i@l 60 ft ctl.
C ORN — Offerings are very b.*avy, trade Is qul«t,
and white Is tower. large Yellow quotable at 77V"
@Bf>c ft ctl: Small Round do, 97Vic; White, 77Va
(S)80c %* ctl.
HYh — Dull at 92y 2 ra97y 2 C ft ctL
BUCKWHKAT— d at $1 16@1 25 ft ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Values' of all descriptions remain about the
same.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras $o@s 10: Bakers' extras. $4 90@5; Super
fine, $4 16@4 6Oft obi.
UJiISMhAI., KTC— Feed Corn, $18@18 50-
Cracked Corn. 9i9ai9 BO ft ton.
MILLBTUFI-S— Prices In sneks are as follows,
u«u 1 discount to tin: trade: Graham Flour, a" 85
ft 100 lbs: hj-e Flour, $2 75 ft 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
«6 75: Cornmea'. $2 35: extra cream do, 93:
i at meal, 93 60; Oat Groats, $1: Hominy, $3 10
@3 30; Buckwheat Hour, $3 20@3 oO; Cracked
Wheat, fit 50; Farina, $4: Whole Wheat Fluor.
93: Koiled Oats (bbN), $6(g)6 40; Pearl Barley,
«3 7 6@4: Split Peas, 93 50; Ureen do, $4 25 V
100 lbs. : .- ' ■ ■
HAY AND FEEUSTUFrS.
Hay is steady with moderate receipts.
BRAN- *I3C<HI3 50 for the best and $12@12 60
ft ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $18<»19 for lower grades and
920@20 50 *» ion for "the best.
FHEDsTUFFS— hoIIed Barley, 919 oO@20;
oilcake Meal at the mlii, $26 50 %* ton: jobbing,
$27 60: cipped cam, $1 4j».1 60 ft itl.
HAY— Wheat, $t@li; Wheat and Oat, 97<a
10: Oat, 96@9: Barmy. $7@S 60; River Bar.eyT
95@6 60: A.falfa, $6@7 bo; compressed, $6@
9 i-0; stock, $6@6: 1 1- ver, 96@8 ♦> ton.
isTitAW— ft bile.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-— Prices for Beans are of a retail charac
ter, like the demand. Mustard Bsed is neglected
and lower. Bayos, $1 40@ 165 cil; Small Whiles,
$1 15(«013O f, ctl: Large Whites, 91@1 15 *
ctl; P nks, $1 OS@l 20: Keds, SI 1001 20; Black
eye, $1 11/ foil 20: Km Kidney, 92 60: Llmms, 91 Hi
&1 9!) Butters, $1 25@1 50; I'm, $1 15@1 30.
. SKKI)s — Brown Mustard, $2 75(jj,3: Yellow Mus
tard, SI 90ut2 10 1* oil: Flax, $1 »s@l 40- C. nary
Se-d, ]»if<t-V*c V Ib; Alfalia, 6V*c; Rape. 2V 2 @
2«4c. Hemp, .>c; Timothy. 4Va& '
• 'Hlt-.l< I'r.As- Stirs, 91@1 15* cil; Green
91 40@l 60 ® ctl. '■ ■ ": :■ ■■ . >-~1 .
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables are. quiet and
not materially changed. ,; ' .
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, f 1 26@1 60: Early
Roue, 70(i475c: Kiver Keds. , 6U@6oc; Burbank
beetlllnea. 4U@soc ? ctl for Kivcrs and 60c(a$l
for Sa ln»s; Oregon Burbanks, 80fq)87VaC -
OMi^S-6u@76clictl. , , ,
VKOhTAJiLns- Hothouse Cucumbers. 91@150
V dozen; Hothouse Asparagus. 7@l6c 9 Ib; Rhu
barb. — 1* box; l.us Angeles bummer Squash,
75c@*l box; Los Angeles (ire«-n Peppers, 25®
75c V> box: Mushrooms. B@lsc |( Ib, later fix
tire, lor buttons: t Marrowfat - Squash, $5 "{* ton;
Los Angeles 'lomaioeH, «5@75c V box; Dried
Peppers, 7@Bc V &>: Green Peas, 4® 6c «( Ib: Los
Angel«s Striup Leans. 8a.l0c; Dried UKra,»(&9c H
Ib; Cabbage. 40@50c %< ctl; Carrots, 25@30c %
sack; Oarlic, iy a @2c ?! Ib.
BCTTEK, CHKESE AND EGGS, .
iUTTER-The market continues to decline.
CbEaukrv— Fancy near-by Creameries. 20@
21c: w-conds. 18@19c; Humboldt, 2-@24c f* Ib. 5
Dairy— *an<y,- 1 @19c; good 10 choice, IB®
16c; lower grades, l-'V^c « Ib. ,-
Pjcklkd— l3(^l 6c ■& tt>. 1
Firkin— l.V<S«c * Ib. ■ •■:■':■■
Cream kry Tub— l7©lßc ¥* Ib ■ ■ .
CHiiJ'.Sii.— Rules weak' with increasing stocks.
Choice mild new. ll@lli^c V- Ib; common to
good old, B<SlOc ♦» Id; Cream Cheddar, ll@12c;
Yount? Anserica, 11@] ; Western,*ll%@l2V-c:
Kaxtern. la@!4V%C Ib. ' . ; .-■-,;;
K(>(is— Ar>- lower again and weak. Ranch Kggs,
25@i.8c: store Eggs. 22@23c; Eastern. 20c '$ doz.
FOUI.TKY AND ' GAME.
V POULT RY— All descriptions except Ducks and
A car of Eastern will be offered
Geese are lower.
to-day. ■ . :.::-.:■.' r . .;' ;• . . j !
Live Turkeys, 13@15c ft Ib for Gobolers, l!-@15c
» Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. lsolßc ft Ib:
Geese, * pair, $1 60® i 76: Ducks. *s<a6 60 V doz;
Hens, . $4@5; Koouen. young. *4 60&6 60: do,
old, fs4@l -5; Fryers, $4 26ig<4 60: Broilers. *4<a*
4 50 for large and 92 60@3 60 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25641 60 %< doz tor young and $1 tor old.
' GAMK— trices are lower again and the market
In dull. Quail Quotable at *1 ft (tOS; Mallard, >M 60
@4: Canvusback, $B@s V doz?n. Sorlif. Hi 7.">fa>2
'«* dor.; Teal, 91 60 ft do?.; Widgeon, *1 25 %l OMIi
small Duck. $1; Eng.lsii Snip?, 92 V <iozen:
Jack Snipe. *l«t dozen: Hare, : Kubhltn, $1 60
for ; Cottontails and $l@l ,20 for small; Gray
Geese. $2 60@3; White Geese,' 76c $): Brant,
$1 25@1 50; Honkers. *3 fid© I. :..
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS KiiUIT3.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— V
F.astern Apples continue to drag badly. Pears
and Persimmons are dv 1
Apples, 75<®*l ft box for choice, $1 10@l 35 for
fancy Red, 3a@6sc for common;. Esstern, $I©3
ft bbl. ■-■■-■
Pears, 76c@$l 25 V. box.
Persl.. moii.s. 35@75ei>box. .
BttKßlriS—
Eastern Cranberries, Strati V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Stock* of Oranges are rather
smaller, but .he market is dv 1. California Linies
are quiet- Mexi. uns are firm. Mandarin or
anges. 76c@$l it box: Navel oranges *1 M)t<6'2 50
It box: .^eedlfngs, 75c@*l 26: l^emous. 75c@#l 50
for com moil and *-j@2 jO for good tochoice; Mexi
can .Limes, $6@b 60; California Limes. $I@l 25;
i Bananas, ifl(8»^ $ bunch: Pineapples, $2@t V doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Stocks are light at Eastern points, but this does
not seem to help this market, which continues
dead.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
S uxload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9e
for Royals and Uy @l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3V3C for the 4 sizes; Peaches,
4@5y a c for prime to choice, 6J£<tf>7c for fancy und
9©loc lor peeled in boxes; Apples. 6543 It tb fir
evaporated ana 2@2^c for sun-dried; Pears, 2%
(#sc (or prime to choice, 4@5 for quarters aim
6@6YsC for. halves; Plums, 4c for pitied ana iy 2 c
for un pitted; Nectarines, 3%@4VaC for choice and
5%c for fancy; Wnite Figs, 3c; Black Figs,
<&»2y 3 c.
JiuiiiiNO Pricks— Peaches, 4%@5y a c ft Ib;
fancy, 6Vsß@7y 2 c ft Ib; peeled. 12^c $ Ib. Apri
cots, 6Vfe(S>9o ft Ib: fancy, 10c: luocrparks. iV@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5 /ic; sun-dried, 2»4@3c;
Prunes. 3S4(g)4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, block, Ac for
impressed mi 1 3@3y c for pressed; wtilte H»», 4c;
Plums. 4Vx<»&c for pitted and iy«c for unpilted:
Necarines, 4®6c ft tb for prime to fancy; Pears,
2%@5c . for whole. 4Va^ il /2 for Quarters and
4Vai<>t«>y2C tor halves.'
RaIS-iNS— ' .
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, 8 c;
th ret- crown, 4S g c ft Ib; two-crown, 33/ 8 c 'ft tb.
seedless atiltanaj, 6i^c; set-cl!ess Muscatels. 4S/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 l'»; clusters, *1 ;»0;
Dehesa clusters, if 2 50; Imperial clusters, , $ 3;
dried Grapes. 3c a Ib.
. Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 684 c: 3-crown, 4»4c; 2-crown, 33,ic: seed
less Suitanan, 634 c; st-ertless Muscateis, 4y a c;
3-crown l.on.ion invert, ipl 25: clusters, $1 60:
Dehtsa clusters, .■?- 76: imperial clusters, $3 26.
NL' 1 Chestnuts quotable at 8C($10c: Walnuts,
6%f»7c * tt> fcr standard and 9@9y 2 c ¥ Ib for
soitsrieli; Almocds, 6@t>y2C> for Litiiguedoc, 3@
3Vfec far hardshell and office ft Ib for paper- shell;
Peauuts, 4^6c ft Ib tor "> astern and 4C for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@-=c %t Ib; Pecans 7y«.@
be r Ib; Filberts, 7y.j(aßc; Brazil Nuts, 7Vsß@Bc;
Cocoauuts, *4@5 %t 100.
IIOSKV-Comb, 10@12%c for bright and s@9c
for luwer srudes: uau'r-winie extracted, f»iv- jl c :
lieht am Lei extracted 4'/a@4 :i / 4c; dark amber,
4@4VsC: dark, 2@Se ■** to.
Bi!.i!.a\VAX-2a@26c lit ib.
PKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Dealers report the market
quiet. Bacon 1 4 quotable at 6c Vlb for heavy, 7o
", 4 Ib for light medium, By 2 c for light, 10c ft Ib for
extra light and llV^c "f* Ib for gugar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12V^@13c: California
Hams, lie '& Ib; Mess Beef, $7@7 BO: extra
mess do. S-viS &0: fHiiuly do, *!• ;>0@10: extra
prlmo Pork, *7 50 @ 8; extra clear, *1« ft bbi;
n,ess. $14 %» bbl: MnokeU Beef. lUc ft Ib.
LARD— Eastern. tlerceV is quoted at &y 3 cfor
compound and 6@6%c for pine: pails, 7c: Calil
fornia tierces, b(rijJ\^r ft Ib for compound and 6 l .ic
for pure: balf-buls, a Ac 10- Ib .s,7yic: do, 5-Ib.
7>-ijc |» Ib.
toTfuLENE- 6®BVictn tierces and7B^@sy 8 c
in 10- Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No change to report
Quotations are as follows: Heavy salted steers. 8c:
culls and brands, 7c; medium, 7c: culls and brands
6c; li"ht, 6c; culls end brands, sc: Cowhides, 6@
6V4C; culls Ind brand-*, b(q.b\%c; sahed Kip. 6<g)
7c: salted Calf. 7@Bc; Baited Veal, 6@7c: dry
Hides. l?@l3r. %> U>: culls and brands, 9@los:
dr»- hip ana Veal, 9(8.j0c; culls. 7(£Bc: dry 1 alf,
15c; culls. 10e; Uoatsklus, - 1(0, ;>">c each: Kids,
Be; Deerskins, good summer, 20(aij5c It Ib: me
dium, 15@viOc; winter, 7@9c; shear
linn*. ]oml6ceach; shor. wool. 26«£35c each: me
dium. 30@>5ceach; lons wools. 4U@6oceach. --
1 A l.i.\j \V— No. 1, rt-ndeiod, 3@3V*c; No. 2, 2y c;
refined, sc: unase, 2c ft Ib. •
WOuL- Several descriptions ere lower. The
market is stagnant, and there are practice ly no
orders. We quote Fall Wool: lluniboidt and
Mendocino, b(&9c: free northern, 7@BVic: mid
dle counties, lree. sy a @7c: do. defective, 4Va® c:,
San Joaqnin, 36) sc: 10. foothill, 6(g>7c: Eastern
Oregon i-pnng, 71/^>oc; Valley Oregon, lOVj^
r.'c: do, full and lambs'. lOWllc
HOP»— Very dull at 6@Bc for fair to choice and
9@loc 'ft tb for fancy.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef, Mutton, Veal and Lamb are steady. Hogs
show no further change. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEhF— First quality, 6^@7c; second choice,
s(stsc: third do, 4@sc ft Ib.
VEAL— Large, t>@7c; small. 7@Bc 1? Ib.
MUT ION — Wethers, 6V4@7c: Ewes, «@6J^c
ft Ib-
LAMB— Spring. 12y 2 @l6c; yearlings, 7@Bc *
Ib. «
PORK— Live Hogs, ;-i4@3^'»c it Ib for lar,-e and
medlom and 3i / 4gj33/ c lor small; dressed do, 4i/j
©61/40 * Ib. ■ .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 434 c; June-
July delivery, 4% c: Wool Bans, 24Vi@^«y 2 c-
COAL- Wellington, %-i it ton; ■ New Wellington,
JB?t ton; Southfleld Wellington, #7 60 ft ton;
Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, *5 50: Coos Bay, $4 75;
Wallsend,?B 60; fccotch. — -: Brymbo, — ; Cum
berland, $13 50 In bulk and $16 In sacks; Penn
sylvania. Anthracite Egg, itll@i2 ?- ton: Welsh
nthraclte. 8@10; Cannel, «8 ; V ton; Rock
Spring*. « astle uate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60;
Coke, $n(<sl-J In bulK and Hl'i V ton in skg.
CAN.NKu FRUlTS— Cherries, black or red.
2y -Ib, ex:ra, 92 ir> doz; White Cherries. 2J£-lb
ix r«-, 92 50: 2y 3 -tb standards, $2 10: Peaches-
Yellow, free, SI 10@l 50: Apricot»-9 c@sl 05:
Raspberries, $1 75; Strawberries, fl 76.
CANNED VEUKTABLK — Tomatoes. 70c it
dozen, 2y 2 -Ib tins. Peas— 25 ft dozen.
COKFkK—
' 1 out a Kica— lPy 2 @20y 3 c v num. for . good to
prime; 17y @19c num. tot good mixed wltu black
beans:. 16©i 1 c nom. for fair; 12@lSVac nom. for
common 10 ordinary. :
i-ALVAi>on— 18@19c for good to prime washed:
17y4ig»17»/4C for iuir wanhed; 19(i£2Uc lor good to
prime washed peaberry; , 17ya@l7 /4 c for superior
unwashed: lie for go d unwashed; 18^@19cfor
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala AND 4iexicaX-21@21^,c ft Ib for
prime 10 strlc ty prime washed -new, «.rop; 19%
(ai'M^r 'or go> din rictly good washed i crop;
18^fail9c for good washed old crop; 16@18V*c
lor fair washed old crop; 14@15y 2 c for medium
old crop: IH/i'®l3 1 /ic for oral nary old crop: BV>
©lie for Inferior to common old crop: 19y (J3)2Oy c
for good to prime ' washed peaberry o.d croj>;
18i/*@lßc for good to p.lme unwashed peaberry
bid crop. ' ; ,
FISH -Pacific Cod. catch of 1896, 100- Ib cases.
41/4 Cft Ib 50-lb bundles, 3y c;. Boneless. 6c;
Middles. by 2 c: Blocks, 6c; m-slcoa ed, 70;
Pacific Herring, 15c it box: Dutch do, 9Ucfa..?l 10
ft keg; Whlteflsh, SI 43 in half-bbls arid $1 16 in
kits; Tongues and sounds, $12: Mackerel, bbis—
No. 1, $20; \o. 2, $18 50: No. 3, $17; half-bbls—
No. 1, $9®9 60: No. 2. $8 60@9; No. 3, $8 50:
kits-No. 1. $1 50: No. 2, *1 -J5; No. 3, »1.
■ QUICKSILVER— for export at $34®
386J ft flask. ;. . .'
OIL — allforuia Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 90c "x* gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil, In hols, boiled. 38c; do nw, Stic; caiies. He
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 65c;
No. 1. 45c; cases, 6c higher; China N nt, 4&@52c
ft gallon. "■ ~ ■. ■.-,', ;
PKTROLEUM, GASOLINK, ETC.— Water-white
Coal Oil, In bulk, 1 iy 2 c; Pearl » 11, In cases. i7c
ft gal; Astral do, 17c c gal; Star, do, A 17c ft gal;
J-xtrasr.nr oil, in cases, 21c:, Prairie, do. '22c:
Eocene, do, 19c; Deodorized Stove • <;a<ioline, ;in
bulk, 12*/ 2 c; do. in cases. 18V,c, 63° Deidorlzed
Naphtha, in bulk, 12c: 63° do. In cases, 17Vbc: Bb°
(iasoline, in bulk. 20c; 80° do, In cases, 26c 0 gal.
WHITE LX AD -Quoted at, 6y 4 @siAc ft Ib.
KKD LKAD-Uu<>lable.»t ft tb. . ;
TURPKNTIN^-ln cases, 41c; in iron barrels,
39c: in wooden barrels .lc > Ib. ■ : ' •£■■■ '
CANDLES— Electric 6's, 16 ox. 7c; do. 14
oz. 6y 2 c-, do, 12 oz, 6c: do, (hotel) 6s, 10 oz. syic:
do (hotel) lvis. ]_■ 1. /, 40s, ti' 4 c. . Granite (minium)
6's, 16 oz, 8y 2 c; do. 14 cz. ! 7 s /4c; .r do, :la
oz, 7c; do, 10 07" 614 eft > Ib: Parafflne Wax can
dles—ls, 2s, 4s, tin. i^s, white. BV4c; colored, 914 c.
:■=* LEATHER— Harness, heavy, <lsi quotable at
3Jfgi:!sc ft ib: do medium, 28c: do lig.u, 2-i@.bc:
Rough Lea her, 19®'Jlc: ivips, $40(i44S ft per doz;'
Calf. y 70ra)90c: r Rough Splits,. Bfe9c; B.lt-Klilfe
Splits, 12@14c: Collar- Leather,. black, liVa^l^c
it '001: do. msset.'lliArdlSc; skirting Leather,
32i/ @Bsc ft ib. -■- ■ > -V-. .;.- •■-. ■■- -»■-;-,. ■ ; ---r? ■>■:■-:
M uau- Thu Western Susar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and- Ciusned. 5%c;
Powdered, be: "Fine Crushed, 6Vic; : Dry liranu
lated, 43^c: Confectioners' A, 4«/»c: Magnolia A,'
4c; Extra C, ay 8 c; Golden C,';B'%c: half, barrels
y*c more than barrels, and boxe> Vis" more. ;:
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC. •
Posts, 9@loc each for No. 1 and ; 6y;(a)Bc for No.
2; redwood, $5 ft cord; Oak, rough, $6 30; peeled,
«9; Pine. $3 7 5.
TAMIA UK— sl4 per cord. '
LUMBKK- Rates are nominal. -
t RECEIPT * OF PRODUCE. ;
- , FOR 24 HOURS.. 
Floor, 5k5.. \.\ 22.425 Butter. ctu...^. * 195
V\ heat, etis...; . 39,03; Cheese, ctu .  »
Eastern........ 230 Kggs. d0u......i. : 9 390
Barley, ctu...... 22,780 Hides, n0........ 352
Oats, ctls... ="■' 625 Pelts, bd15. ...... 433
Eastern... 2HO Wine. sals ...... 6 7.»(»0
Beans. 5k».....\.. 266' Brandy, gals....- 1 ™
Corn, ctls .. 20 Hugar. bbla....^. . B ?,
Potatoes, sks.... 3,894 \ leather, r0115.... l»f
0reg0n......;;; 76 Lnmber. M fe»t- JO
Oulons. »«...._ 1,015 Lime. bbls ...... **»
bran, ska ....... 9.7921 Wool, bi5.....:.. i*
Middlings, m,.' 20 « quicksilver, a«ici !•«[>
Hir, tons..'.."..— ':: * I*B6 Tallow. cil». .... 6*
! Straw, bi5......:, h\ Raisins, boxes.. JO
THE STOOT MARKETS
Mining stocks were rather lower yesterday, with
a dull business.
.The I'rown Point assessment falls delinquent In
beard 10-d» ', \ i
Tue Paclrt,-. Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of a per cent payable Immedi
ately >
1 he Silver King Ml company of Utah has
declared a ill vlit-iul tuii iiiiiiilin: to $87,600, mak
ing a tot 1 1 in data nt «8uU,501).
At tin- auiuu>i luaii.'i, "i lv. California s »'» •*«
posit mill liii.-. t'umt.Ki.j- iiu> u\i\ ill reel on were
ie-e<ecteil. tDCrainii' i....- li . 'i' iml hlmhv» re
luivtst tlin !•«■> ..-i.i ♦!:«»;(» «tnl dl»hnr»«
menis of #U'H,7fta l*i«¥i'.H ••«" i-i-iiin i.J *7», 1-5.
uf which IQIMiUi 1.... tn:uii |i"i'» I i iiivuiirniiNui
th-riti. r it p«| p«ul \m HIiHIW on H»t0»pI»W
* ■nieHlooKliolinir* Milt* PJW N»Hoiml Bank
1 iv- Mi>c!.i,..i.ii.i. ..I .!-■ ■ lr«i |il ' ' i "" > -
met viMi-nU« ..11,1 i.i.i- ...I 111. .l.l.li '.'.'"■ "'"<
oflicert, indium., l»t»m»Ml •• Mnr|itiy prmluent
nun Jitm.'.i X, 1 v noli > mhiiii. - •
The Phi- 11. ow%[ navln.* >>< 1.. i.l iv an
nual meeting Mi1.11.111.il mi.l in clorln.l Urn i>i<i
directors, Will) \\ finl»ll I ..nlmi --1 |tr»»liifitlj «'t ».
BetiedlCl Met- pit.9ni.Mii •'»•' « i' BllllttUClt HOC*
retary. _. ' ■- ■
A •»«<»»•'<«'"••''«""• '"If •
Following laa lut of HtMUmill I now p»nilrm
Delimit
Com fan- r. No. Ami liillia Ml* l>*r
lltmnl. |
Occidental.. vTfk Jft, U»u ,JUi> iH
Overman.... 78 IOLDM W l«» - y
Jinle cV .Norross 110 : lift .Jail H I • -I. I
Con. C»l. <fe Va 7 «6 ,Jmi H ,I'et* •
Crown Point. \.f 6J» lol.Jun I . »'«!' I
Gould & Curry....... bO 16 .J«n U IVi. »
Alta I 64 Ob ,J»u 14 Kel» M
S«va(te... I 91 'JO .l.m B4 . I'll. 16
Htg. Belcher. I 1H 10 Nov 11» J»»i 20
j.u.vi... %auhs.
Following were ihe sales in the Nan I'r»nol»ou
Slock Board yesterday:. , •
RKOULAK MOBNINQ SESSION,' COM M ICX 01 NCI 6:80.
300 Alphe 13|100 C0D11....1.-JU 100 UpUir US
600 8e1cher.. .45 100 C r01nt....3.S 100 'J'l
250 BAB 64 100 G&C......25 10J Potoul 66
200 Chllnire...sl' 101) H4N...1.J5 100 d Nev. ... 4.<
lOOCiioir 7t 100 Kentuclc.dbj .00 ............42
500 CCAV.. 1.411 10J Mexlcan..4. lUO Union.. 41
300 1.36 ......... (tWU * J*JK<K..3S
AFTERNOON BF.SSION— - :30. <J9Hfl
HO" A1rria.....14 10OChllar.-.V.80 100 Opblr 97
200 Alt*. .04 100 ..... ......71 HOD Savage. . .26
600 8e1cner....4; 100 CCAV...I.S6 UK) S Xv 42
200 .. ...it 100 L0ntt... .1.311 100 ............43
SO.) Chalice.. .66 10 i Mexcn....43 MO Uuion C.40
«00 .....66 200 Uccdt.._..l7
Followln'e were the sale* In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BKGULAB SESSION— IO:3O.
1"" Aloha 15.20J C 1mp.. ..01 200 Ophtr 99
400 141200 02 200 97
60J ...: is 150 Conn.... 1. 1M300 96
400 12 1000 C NY...0220U 95
100 Ann 1/4 SOJ CrwnPl..33>l3i)o Uvrmn..l4
100 OS 400 ......... ...3V P0i0»i....65
30J Andes.... 14 200 81j6J'l favaee....2a
800 ilelcner...4t 00 Kxchqr...Os 300 Scorpion.. o3
HOO .......... i- SOU Uiftc. .._2P|4Ol) K8<tM.....10
200 B A 8....t>« Mi) HAN1.221/ a 500 .....11 I
200 > n1110n._.06 400 .........l.ioiUJaA.v 43
•-iOU Caleda.... 11 1000 Ju1ia. ...02 100 Stnrdl.B2Va
600 i iialij{6...6l 300 Jus; Ice. —06 3UJ Uuion. 41
bOO 5: 200 Kentck....O3 JOO Utah 07
30) lliolr 7t 300 Mx1C....4:- <R)J V jc*i...-3«
250 CC<JfcV..l.3l ...... If SOO 35
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:30. .
-On AlPba 14 >O<J (.'bailee. ..66|20J Alex ...... 43
600 Alt» 04 tOO 51- 100 0ccu1t:....!
100 Andes.... 16 15' CCV 1 a/ 8 »0 > Oohlr 97
200 Belcher...* 6 600 1.3;. 400 0vrmn....15 I
200 4h 10J Coun ...1.3 20) P0i0i1.....6ti
700 M ..46 50d C Point. i<i) bttvaKe...2O i
10J BAB. 66 300 O dcC . .. ...V tj 2l* Npt 43 !
2t»'i l'iillio>i._.o7 100 H&Nl.2.'Vj 50btnrd 1.52V2 !
200 Chollar.. 200 1.V6 200 Union....
800 ............HO 500 Kentuclc..O4 lOJ U - -an....:.07 |
200 7b^oo Mexican ..44 JOJ V Jo*i37i a
UUfUpUtt QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 12-4 p, M .
fli*.At*eA. ' Bi<UA.%kfA.
AlrhuCM..... 13 ■1« J011a...;....^. — 15
All*. 03 04 Justice. „ 04 06
Andes. 1* 15 Kemncfc...^. 03 04
Belclier 46 47, Ijidy Wash.... — «3
Best A Belonsf bi 55 Mexican 43 44 1
Benton Con.. . 06 — .Nevada Qae«a — i' 4
Bullion 06 07 Occlden:»i . 17 19!
Caledonia. 10 11 Uphlr J*7 98 |
(.dollar ..„....• 77 7& Overman-. 14 16 I
Coii.UaUfcVn...l.JH) 135 lou>sl. 66 57
Challenco Con. 68 69 >avage. 15 26 j
Con. Imperil 01 scorpion.. — i 3;
Conlidence.... 1.30 1.35 >ef?. helcU»r... — 11
ton New You - ts| stiver Hill 01 < 2
Crown Point... 33 34 !erra Nevada 44 45
KastHlerraNar — ■•taudard 1.60 1.65 :
burekaCon... — -'.'i -lyntlicala. .... . — , VIS
kxcheguer .... ' — It Union Uoa... M 39 41 |
iiuuiu « curry. 26 2? Utah U5 16
Htuc<k.X<iurcra.l.2U I.iis i woo jwjKM. 37 38
b'lUCn. A.ND liONO EXCHANGE. '<
TUESUAY. Jan 12 - 2 p. U.
mTKO static ■* Uu.>
j;iif.StkcU. But. AlktA.
V coiiD.lll — (7 S4sreg...lotf 110y 3
00 new issue! 'M —
MISCKT-VANkOfT"! t,r>VT«
Cal-»tCblpss.Ho 111% Omnimn«!i..ll9i/ 3 120J,4
CalKlecl, 6sl-Jl — I'acKoll Jltfi - —
CnttaCWSs — 95 Uo Is 65... — —
Dpnt-stex-cp — 871/4 P&U Ky tfi. — 113
tdsnL&Pßsl27 — P&Cii Ry «s. 98 102
F4CUKII6S — 105% Pwl-st HR6sll^V a ll7
Oarr-at KS.iIOO 103 Reno,WL<fcL — 10a
H »Vi».ioa — tacto &l. — 100
LosAngl. «« - 100 SFANPK6I.. 97% 953-4 i
DoUnteed 6s — 101 =>PRKArli6s — »2»/x !
MKt-stCble6sl2o — -PKKCaI ds. — 113% i
DoKylon OS.IUO 1068/ B i-<f XXi al&i. — 100
NatVln6s3 8t — 100 |FBrßCal6s. — 99
NevCNgK7s. 99y 3 — SVWatertf».ll»Vgl 191/4
N PCRUOS.IOOV4IOS i»V\V»!(r*s. /4 100
> i.v Cal Us. 1001 — StktnUAE6) — 101 V.
Rv cal 6s. - 95 >unstl&!6s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 i^ntter-8tß6a.1103A —
Do Is 55. . . 103 — VlsidiaWCOi — —
■WiTKB STOCK*.
Contra Costa 29 35 ISan Joss.... — —
MarlnCa.... — 63 i-?prn Valley 97V (8
CAS ETOCKS. ,
CnpitaU .....— »6 Paclflo Meht 481.4 49%
Central 95 — San Krancsco 98 *' VBX/a
OaKULiH 64 — rtiocklou..... — to
J'ko t.aa Imp 91 V 2 V- ; I
ixsi;b*ncic >itock^ '
Flreman'sFdl6B 186 |Snn .......... — —
< ■OHMIiLCIAt HAVIf S>TO"JCt.
AmerBATC. — — LondonP&A.l37Vi —
AnglO-Ca1.... 50 — 1 oniloiut-F. — —
Bank of Cat.. 241 244 MercbKz.... li ' —
Cal>DATColoß 10» Nevada...... — —
.Nat lorn — 1M» |Saiher 800. — —
HAVIN«» BANK' STOCK*.
OerWALCo.. 1350 1495 ISavAloan.. _ 105
Ui:niiiSAK.liO,i — Security.. ....'2lO 800
Mutual.. 33 , — Union Trust. 80J 860
btSav Union — ■. 600- :'
bTRKKT RAtLROAn VTOCICI.
California... .lo7 110 OafcSLAHay — 100
Uearyst...... — 60 Presidio...... 6 6%
Marttet-5t.... 423/ 8 43 Suticr-»t . — —
; toymen BTOCK4.
Atlantic D... 16 , 17 OlantCon.... 26% 26Va
CalHornla.... 75 - Judion D.... — _
Eastern D..._ 81 90; Vigortt....... 65c 1
MISCEI.I.AN-KOO.I RTOCRt. ?
Alaska rkrs. — 9»%:Nat Vln Co.. - fi/,]
BlkDCoalCo. — — ! teanlcSSCo 22 JJ3Vi
Cal Cot Mill* — - |PacAuxKA — 4
Kdison 1.UM.12t>y 127 |FacßoraxCo. 95 —
OaaC'onAssn. — — Pac Roll Hill — . _
Her Lead Co. 80 100 ' rnrf PaintCo — 7
HawCASCo.. 1654 l7Vs PacTransCa — —
11 nun SPCO 24 ■ 24V8i TAT Co — —
MerKxAssn.. — ' 110 -Sunset TAT. — —
M Klec i.lsiit 814 , Ri/2 United C Co. — —
Fowl
-15 Alaska Packers* Association........ f>B 75
1 0 Atlantic Dynamite, ca5U......v....v 16 37%
116 lluichinson ts P Co. ....;... '...... _ - '.4 'l'tim
40 Pucltlc Oas Imp 91 60 •'■
$4000 laru A Cliff House Bonds ... .... 100 00
Mreer
-35 Pacific Gas Imp ...... ................ 91 60 !
. BALM-A»TtK.VUU< adSlll>.<. I
r««r<l- V ..,, -■•...• - •_• •• . ..■:
25 Mutual 1 lecttic Light a 25
. 15 & V Water........ *)7 7j
HWI- •'■'! :' •': >.•■
26 Hawaiian C0mmercia1...............'.- 17 00
60S VWaier.. ...........:..........;„ ■b7 76
• — » — «.
EEAL ESTATE IBANSAOTIOIfS.
T. Maliony to John Lougbran, lot on F. line of
Webster street, 95 fc> ol I'age, N 25 Dy X 102:6;
110.
Saa Francisco Havings Union to Herbert E.
Law. lot on NX corner of Lombard and Uevisadr-ro
streets, N 137:6 by X 286:0: aiso lot on NW cor
ner of Lombard and Devisaaero, N 137:6 by W
412:6; $10.
James Dalton to Lizzie Al'en and Eugene Dal
tou, undivided one-sixth of lot on S tine of Jack
son Ktreei, B4IS ifi of Broderick, X 43:3 by 8
127:8 V*: *5.
Jame-i Perry and Thomas Sweeney to H. I*
Reese, lot on NE corner of Valencia and Her
mann str eta, R 71, N 49:10y 8 , W 68:8%, a
48:101/8, f 100.
.1. U. opreckels & Broi. Company to William H.
Smith, iot on X line of Dolores street, 122 S of
1 went} -third, S 30:6 by X 117:6; also lot on X
line of 1 olortM s:re«-t, 15"J:6 m of Twenty-third, 8
30:6 uy X 117 :i: SlO.
Aim A. Lane to L. W. Johnston, lot on N line of
Chestnui street, 76 X o< Uiif.oriu E X'2:H, N 122:6
W 20. b 7J:6. W 26, s 50; $10.
Ueorgt? U. Bohiiison to *'r.tnk Curtln, lot on \V
line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 25j ft 8 of T
street. S 25 by \V 120: also, lot on X line of
0 a rset, 32.6 \\ of Thirty-seventh avenue, W
28 by N 100: $10.
ihtophlle Scttroedrr to William Styan, lot 10,
block S6, sunny side Tract; *H).
I'acitic Coast Savtng t»oclety to John Jackson,
lot 34, Jones addition io Fairmouut Tract: SHOO.
AI.AMKbA COUNTY.
W. H. and Carrie L. Gregory to Regina d H.
Allen, lot an 8 line of Tenth avenue, 40 .\K of
East Twentieth street, NE 35 by SE 120, East
Oakland; $10.
v. H. and Mary Vellage to Carl Grondooa, lot on
\V line of Twelfth •ireet, H2.H7 N of PowHJ. N 60
by W 100, baing lot 20, ■ lock a». JBonndrjr and
l'«.|adeau property. Oakland ownahlp: »10. . .
ROM A Hnrron to Katbarlna llahu. undivided
l/i, lnwre« In lot 94, Maxwell Tract, Oakland
1 Cor n n% tla : and Wilter Wrist, to Elmer Wrtsb^ot
01 8 line of H*u< -tr-j-i. 350 W«f le «r.ph
(or Hiiinboldt) avenue, W f 37:& »99.1». h ,37.6.
N 99.31 tolx-KiniiltiK, belnirloi Vi and *. hall or
lot 11. Drexler Tract, Oakland Township; »10. _
Mary A. Sherwood to W. K. Hoc kwe ll. lots A. 4
and 5, block . F, and lot 6, block L, Kllnknervllle
Tract, Oakland Township: $10. • - , . .
O. C. and M. F. Benjamin to O. O. May. l<v t on
SW corner of Kldge road and o "'* avenue, WIOU
. y * 144:6, being lois 14 and 16. block 20, Daleys
Scenic Pant, Berkeley ; »10. • r ■■■ • a .
Louisa Kulim«D to Frank M. Wilson, lots 6 and
7. block 3, same, Berkeley; *10 v ' «,•,!,„„.
Geor/e and Sophia l>hner to John W. "I kens,
lot on SW line of seventeenth street, 165 w 01
Cypress, VVBS by . s 104:9, lots 9. 10 .nd ha f
of lot 11, block 6J3-B, BaxKe Tract, Oakland; »10.
Willis K. and Kena Glbnon to Cnarlei and Elsl«
HuiiniHiin, lot on « line of Kiev -nth street, 106 X
01 oak. X 35 by N 100, block 166, Oakland; 810.
Waiter and *• annle K. i rear to I), t. Oliver, lot
On Is linu of Nolan street, '.'66:8 "W of \% «-st,
« 100 by .\ 1 0, lots 23 and 24, block X, ma dof
property of the central Land Company* to correct
f.f.H.I 4.11. Oakland! #10. . , „,„
bu«»iin» Jleuie to Kniclebert Glatz, lot on Kw
line of Tentli avenue, 100 NIC of East Tenth
street, NW 126 by NX 60. block 17, Clinton, Ouk
lainl; $10.
D V, and i.lllle V. Oliver to Ponoma Lumb-.r
Company, lot on W line of Mil v^r. street. 101:9 >
hi Him avenue, N 60 by W 60, block C, Broad
way «ml Telegraph-avenue iiomeatead. Oakland
low nil) Ipi aUolototi .v line of Nolan street. Uoa:S
W ill vVutt, VV 101) hr N 100, lots 2«, 114, block X,
<ii.ii»i i.umi Company, Oakland: 910.
I. in and Theodora Wagner to Abble H. Calder
wikml, lot 10 block 3, Howling Tract, Berkeley;
#10, .
William M, and Annie K. F. Stewart to Alameda
Mao»damlllna Company, lot on NX corner of
iiu hi.* Vihih nv-iiiif and (Stanford street, X 269; 0
lif n H7.il, lots 1 to 6. block It, lands adjacent
10 Imi. 11ml, AUfn-<l»; 910.
ftulldem' (/'ontracta.
V, W, Helta with H. H. Htettln, concrete «nd
rtmient word, for it story but ding on N line of
ii.v itrrtii. 187. i. »i iiakfr, C. A. Neusdorffer
I.HiM; 91106.
Hume ivlili T. Hock & Mon, briclt and Iron work
on mm.-, same nrchltect; liiM). '
>vii.« with A. i-Ihoii. carpenter work, etc., on
Biin.r, sunn- nrcliltiTi: IfiUIH.V
Maim- with H. Williamson, plumbing and gas
llliiiiu on same, same archlt <L, 9960.
HOTEL AERIVALS.
PA LACK HOTKL.
L Hieru, NY W T Solomon, NY
If Hoici'M, St Louis V Langerman A w, Mont
II X Brown, London J M I akeman.GrassValy
Klt Pixlev, Mania Cruz K]{ Kettle. N V ,
C W hmlth, Chicago W II Mnitli, Chicago
W C Butler, Evrrett Mr. H J B Wri«hi, N V
A D Lovy, N V F W Dlnsmore, Chicago
li blnger, ifonl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
\V A Vincent, N V W H ooldsworthy. Cal
Mrs I I'.-acarette.Boston M II Post Aw, Oakland
Jo* Thatch, Miss W F Schlmer, Elk Grove
i; W Schlmer, Kite Grove a B i>evln. EIK Grove
X Johnson, san Jose ■ J Wlliey, Oakland
H Thompson, N lies >.d Jones, Napa •
O Smith, Oregon J Kenny, Loi Oatos
Folbrlent. .Os AngMes d Burns, Chicago
Mrs Murphy, Red Bluff
COSMOPOLITAN.
A F Abraham, st* Rosa 'I bos clear Montana
James Ton 3po'«ane J A Man nine, Portland
W Downing, Portland J Jlri'ar Portland
chas l'eierso ■, Portland D H Palmer. Minneapolis
W H shepard A s. c In go H E Downing, saleru, Or
I W Stensou Aw, San Jse B D Mcr.son, San Jose '
I i»eo Johns, fan Jose Jan Kiley Aw, \apa '
E Weyle, Mockton T McConnell, Elk Grove
C W ('lough, Chico J *' Wa;ts, Port Costa
C A Perry A w, Tacoma
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W Wright, Sacramento Mrs H s Ctrcoran A s,
C D Zimmerman. NY btockton
Mrs Campbell, -po cane A Be tcns.Brron Springs ■
i H LaA-aon, Stock-ion J H Smith. Stockton '
I Miss Clark, Stocktoi W R Clark A w, StO'kton
1 Mls-iEB Dlmmic'<, Stock M M.iyne.d. st Louis
I W Binder, San Jo<e J M Finch. San Jose
jH A Wrlzht Stockton F C Gibbons. Stockton
Mrs Gordon, Chicago T Winter* w.Alameda \
C T Smith, Chicago (i A Miller, Vallejo
C T Jen Ings, Vaiiejo J Olseii, Fresno
j T Wai re, Fresno
LICK HOUSE.
J Manuel A w. Murphys X L Payne, Mariposa
I'an. Haws, Gree y ' I)r B B Masten &w, Cal j
FAC<e Aw, San Jose F Mclver, Ceres
Miss M Walton, Cal Mrs Pritchard. Cal
H F Gret-r, Turlock GA Bloss Aiwa'.er
J Manasse Aw, Cat ' P. r Ml ler.Forest Hill
i J Cardova w w, Agnews H McNamee, Cal : -4; ;--i
! J TYorK, Napa J M Lakiuan ■ Cal .
J M Levee, Va;lej 1 G D Allman, Cazadero
I Mm L P Sage, San Jose Francis Dowd. Monterey
U W Kimball, Cal W H Cleary Jr, Cat
1 D X Cameron. Hanford 0 M Halstead, Cal
S F Black, Sacramento B I B^ntly A w, Cal 1
E A Roberts, w, As, Cal Mrs b Tlnnell.Tehama j
CLManuon, Eureka
RUSS HOUSE.
i J C Inpals, Healdsburg ' A 1 oveland, Los Ang
I R White. Sacramen.o J H Wells, Co. cord
W C Cameron, Conoord F X Grant, OKden
J A Davidson. Astoria J W Frt>t*lneer, Pa
! J Bacieaiupl Aw, Italy ,T Barry, Nnpa 1.
IC H Hot ones. Kellogg "A F. Johnson, Mass *
: W L Hines. NH HP Jones. N II - '
C Crat'z, san Jose C C Holland. Guatemala
L Allen. St Helena Miss * Eschen, lowa
E Evens. Denver G H Dougherty, Denver I
E E Stanley, Livermore V A Tapscott. Red Bluff
V 1 Telia, Santa Barbara E H Weil, Oak and
J Murphy. Oaxland Miss Ro mid. San Jose
J H Tucker, U ah J B Master Boston
C An*org. Monterey 11 S Monte A w, s Mateo
H J Ostrander, Merced . H Bertram, selma
Miss J Alexander, Cal O C Wheat, Los Angeles
B !•: Williams, Los Ang Mrs C A Sanderson, Ca.
I A D Sanderson Aw. Cal I C Steel. Peacadero '
E a StaufTer, Or F J Stauffer. Nev :
j J H Fl3k, Stewart Point N H Johnson Stewart Pt !
I s Bartleti A w, Auburn S 8 Bradford, sonora
A N Dlckerson, Stockn CT Wright, Occidental
is T Beans, Half Moon By
GRAND HOTEL.
D Lindner, NY L Stern, N V
J McCall. Forest Hill 11 iss.MMcCall.Forest Hill
! E Barrett, Forest Hill G H Stewart, Los Ang ■
I T Simmons Tebama E M Ford Aw, Auburn
j H L Tucker. Nevada Cy Mrs X Biddle, San. Jose
I 17 S Gregory. Jackson A J Larsen, Lodi .
; J H butcher, Livermore E Uratz, U S > Oregon
Dr W t-impson, San Jose V Clvtne, st Helena
A Hoppl son. Stockton S X Biddle. Hanford .
Mrs W W Nash, ottowa Mrs J WeDber.Zanesville
Sli Grigsby, Williams C X Buckhartt. halt Lake J
D Frasler Aw. Monterey MrsSßoihery, Los Aug |
Mrs J Relnhart, Butte G A Smith, court land
T Bull. Santa Clara' V Cope, i-anta Cruz
J W Wood, Pas dena W M Wels 1. Dallas
R X Shelton, Ariz A N Chambley, iar 8
F Park e Aw, Los A ng Miss R . liooertson, Val-
X M Muny, Lcs Ang ley Ford •
H L Waireu, San Jose R Clark. Monticello ■■ .
T H Kin ey, Moutic»llo : J L Barham, Red Blu* 1
C H r-chiveley, Orovil.e E W Jones, Colusa .-.» J
W J Morrison Aw. Sacto A B rTf zith, N Dak
s D Balluu. S LObispo J McLaughllnAw, Alaska
bCIAA' MLAaii-i.>.
n»to« «f T>f>T»i»rtnr«» Jrorn 8»n Frunclnoo.
HTRAMKR i IIKHTI VA flllS. j
»\ll,l
I MICS.
< 7..r1n« Coos iSay .... .
Columbia... Portland .......
Kureka Newport ;.....
City Puebia Vlc»ttP«tBnd
8ud01. ...... Orars Harbor.
Alliance Coos Bar
Queen San Diego. . . . . j
Cop. lc ...... I China ft Japan
Corona i Htimboidttia* '•
Del Nor. e..i Grays Harbor.
Slate or Cal. Portland......
Fnrnllon.... Yaanlna Bay. |
City Sydney Panama.
Arcaia...... loos iJay
Coos Bar Newport......
Walla Walla Vie & Pet Bno I
MfX'fO. -■-■■ S "T I>1«~«. '■_
an 18, Op*
Jan l;viu>i
Jan 14, r*«
Jan 14. Paii
Jan ' 16.12. M
! Jan 10. ?pu
Lan ltj.llAM
Jan 16. IPM
Jan 16. vru
lan 16,12 vi
Jan ]K.iiiAji
Jan 18 9am
Jan 1.-*, la M
Jan 18.12 v
.ian 18. Van
I Jan 19. Cam
I inn -0 11. >. 1
f,er a .
Pie* i I
Plet 11
Pier £
Pier '2
rier IS
J'i*r 1 1
ruB.i
Pi«r '
! Pier 24"
Mr - .
i ' M - S
Pier It ,
Pier 1 1
Pier 0
IP '■•".: ' 1;
tI'EAiUKI.-i 'I/O A-..K»Vii.
-I ■ AMKR
uri i>orio
A11iance........
Crescent City... !
Rama H05a. .... !
ai0n0wa1.. ......
dilution... .
Slate of Ca1....
North K0r«. ...
Walla Wuna. ..
Corona. ........ j
Coo* Hay
Karallon
Wnshtenaw .... I
0rizaba..........
ArcMn.... ......
Mode Janeiro.
Sun Juan..:..'..
Meilco::y.^".:: I
Karrka. ....... i
fmat111a.. ...... !
wrays Jinrtxjr.
Coos Bay
Crescent City _...".
San rne«o
5ydney ........,........:
Departure Bar ..........
for liana.
llamboldt likv
Victoria & facet fcioani
: Humooldw 8ar.".'.. ......
Newport."'. :.;.*;.; ....'..
VKonltm Bar:..
Tac0ma...... .;.... ......
| Mexico:..;.. .;-■.;. ...:v:
<"oo^ 8av;... r;. ..........
; China & Japan ..'.......
Panama:.. .:.V..;.v.y...
j -an Diego .....'...'...-.:
: Newport. ....•..-.-'
! Victoria <t Pneet Sound
1 nrrlnni. . •' .' " V " .
..Jan IX
Jan 13
..Jan 13
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 16
..Jan 15
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
i Jan 15
! Jan 1«
Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 17
-Jan 17
|..J«n 17
I. .Jan 18
'...Jan 18
..Jan 'JO
..Jan 20
1 Jim 0
bu>, 3UOON AittJ ii.UK.
UNTTFT) STATKS CpART AND (tEOD'TIr RHRVEV
Times and Hkiohts or High and Low
Watkrr at Fo.t Point. Entbasck to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial A UTHOBITT OF THK SXTPERINTKNDKNT.
Notk— The high and low waters occur ai the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
fiv» minu ej later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is thw same nx both places.
•Tan nary— lß97.
_ Wednesday, Januar.- 13.
Mnrt*M...........:.7.25|M00n rise*.... '
>""l "•» .■ ■ B HJMocn «»t« . ' g.54 AM
Timei
i H «
Feet
Tine Ken Tlme Feet T>me
'■ W ; ..... [h . ! !I. w
Fen
14
15
16
17
0.46
j.44
2.37
■X- H
n w
I 0.2S
1 15
! 0.0 a. j7 0.4
H W
3.1 710 i 8.1
?&3 7.63 5.1
3.4 8.40 5.2
i 35 9.i7 6.4
'':•••- I. >\v ■■■•'.--
-4.1 416 3.1
4.5 5.55 2 9
5.1
5.1
ft. ■>
.uo:< a.o
1.-* ■'■•■
2.58 0.0
3.85 —0.4
4.1! -0 7
47 -0
II W :
10.14 5?
11.51 6.0
i|
1 h"\v ~"""
10 64 3 8
11. SO xh
! 11.68 4.0
LI """
6.22 -0.8
6.87 -C.4
I
'.8
ao
Notb— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second tltn«
column gives the second tide of the day, too thirl
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. txeval
when there are but three ildcs. v aomttltnti
>ccurs. The heights given are additions to lit*
soundings on the United States Coaat Igrm
Chans, except when a minus sign (— ) precede* the
nelgni, and then the number glveaU •übtractlve
trom the depth given by tue chart*.
THE CALL CALKMJAtt.
Janhaby. 18S7.
w.
Fr.
s«.
: I .'
A New Moon.
*2? Jan. 2.
11
12
19
v
14
21
•
15
9 '"ftFirs: Quart
Jan. 10.
16
fi.f\ Full Moon.
V4V Jan. 18.
23 — . ______
- j Last Quarter.
ISO j^ Jan. - 6 -
2tf
j •28
SOTlCii, TO MAi:i:>KK>.
A branch of the Untied States Hrdroicrapblo
Office located In th« Merchant*' Kxciian i,
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to naltona lly a id free or
expense..
Xavigaors are cordially Invited to Tl«lt •■,»
office. wb>re complete se - s of charm ami sal 11 *
dlrec:lous of the world are kept on hunl tor com
par.son and reference, and the latest lnformntl i,
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Inter to oc-ati
commerco.
The time ball on top of the bulld'n? on TV«
grnpk Hill Is hoisted about tea minutes befo 9
noon, and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian by
telegraphic signal leceived each day troni' tin.
United states Naval ob-erva.ory a. Mare Island,
Cai.
A notice stating whether th» time ball wr.i
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any Is
published the same day oy thy afternoon paper*,
and by the morning papers the following <iar
W. S. Hugh it's.
tenant. U. S. A\, in charge
Th« Time Bull.
' fXAVCR jTyr»jio<»RAPHic Orrtnvi. C *, ■* V
. MXBCHAXTS' KXCUAXS* ' " '_
Kan >'kanclßoo. January 12 i^7. )
. The time ball on Tetegraun Hill was aroi>D«\
exactly at noon to-day— L «.. at noon of the lain 1
meridian, or exactly Mtr. m,, Greenwich Urns.
W. & Hughes,
; L'»tit«»nant V. S. N. ln<-ha-:«.
SMll«l'l-»«i INT.fc.LL,IG£..>'i;.K.
Arrive I.
TUESDAY. Januar? 12.
Stmr Weeott, Miller. 24 hours from Plsmo L&n<l
in«: produce, to N P s s Co.
Stmr Eureka. Parsons, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse.iu GoodaU, PerKim
& Co.
stuir( zarlna, Drisko. 46 hours from Coos Bay;
mdse, to J D spreckels A Bros Co.
■inir N'Rvarro, Dukkuh. from sea, with scb.r
Goiama In t>w.
Tug Co umhia, Mng*\ 41 hours lrom Coos Bay;
bailaa , to simusou Lunioer (.a
Hr ship Oleuourn. D»>i<lwn. 133 days from
Hamburg; mdse. to Meyer, Wilson A Co.
Ship Kennebec. Lewis, ) -' days (roui Fort Blake
ley: 1600 M ft lumber, to Renton, Holmes A Co.
*hlp r'i B ton. Carter. IBS days trom New
York; rodse. tow lllia'i.s. Dtmon i A" Co,
1 Br ship Annie Themes, Thomas, 134 days from
Liverpool : md»e, oJ D Spree els A tiros Co.
Bark Prussia, I [arisen. 9 <la s from Port Blake
ley: lumber and plies, to R-ntoo, Holmes A Co.
liars 10 usa, Backus, 1 1 y-> day* tram Nauauuo;
) *OO tons coal. 10 John Rotenfeld'sSons.
Schr Confi»nza, Weber. 9 days from Coqullle
River;. lurniwr, 10 Smpson Lumber Co.
! Scbr Antelope. Anderson, .; days frm Coquille
River; 85 M ft lumber, to McDonald A McKin
non; 126 tons coal, to Carpenter A Kronen berg.
Kihr Ftreka. ) rlckson, 9 days from Coqullle
River; 87 31 ft lumber. 186 tons coal, en Carpen
ter A K'onennere.
«cbr Chas X Falk. Anderson, 11 days from Port !
Gamble-. 38-» M it lumber, to Pope & Tmh.it.
Scbr Marion, Genereaux, 16 days from Grays
Huroor: 3i*o Mft lumber, to X X WuoJ Lum
ber Co.
I ' Schr - Arthur I, Krog, 24 hours from I verse nj
Landing: 140 cds wood, to X Ivi-rsen.
! Scur Oo'.ama, ir >ra set, hence Jan 7, for Coos
; Bay: returned in low of stmr Navarro, on account
of springing a leak. ■ .
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordline. 3 days from
Fls<» Mill: 70 cds wood, to X A Gllbrlde.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Nelson. 10 days from
Netaiem 100 M It lv i.bir, to Pacific Boa
I Fac r . . . ' - ■>
I Schr Jennie Tbelui, Hansen. 4 days from Coos
I Bay; I*,» M t lumber, tofch Dean it Co.
Mill Corinthian, Zaddart,' 48 hours from Blb'ers
Pom.: 100 cds wool. 10 Bender Mros.
:-chrFree Trade, Hansen, lddays from Nehalem
I River: lumber, to Me}-; r A Carrie
Schr Rio Key, a cltertuan, 10 days from Sluglaw
Kiv-r: .00 M t limit*-.-. 10 Beadle ACo
Schr S Danlelson, \"o?el, » <lay->s from Simla v
River; 1 >♦«• M it lumber, to Beadle A Co; 29 boxes
inee*e, 10 Russ. zanders A Co.
£cnr Melanctbon, ti*iiest>n 10 days from WIN
lasa Harbor; 310 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber
CO.
Cleared.
TUESDAY. January 12.
Stmr Corona, Doran, Eureka: Gooi&Ul Perklnj A
Co.
.«tmr Columbia, Con way, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Nay Co.
Stmr Mexico, Jepsen, San Diego: Goodall, Per
kins & (V.
«chr Muriel, Carlson, Honolpu: Williams, In
mond A Co.
E«l!*ft, | ■*,$-'... -.s.«-.v- ';
s»>-i -; - "'■." TUESDAY, January 13.
Plmr Weeott. Miller. i
Simr Mexlo. Jepsen. Kan Diego. .' 1
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen. ' '
Si 1 r Corona Doran. Eureka.
Btmr Bonlta, Meed, Coos Bay.
UnirOtpsr. Lelßnrt. Santa Cm*.
Stmr Frogreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Homer, .lessen. Coos Bay.
Br ship 1 aurelbank, Llmisa-.'. Queenstown.
ar* Alex McNelll, Jorgensen, Puget Sound.
Schr Anna, Errat, Mahukoha.
Telegraphic.
POINT LO BOS. Jan. 13.-VJ p. it- Weather
1 foggy; wind N; veloci.y 12 ruiiui.
Charter*
The baric Rnfus E W od loads roa< at Seattle for
this port; Br ship Andora. lumber at What om
■ tor Valparaiso for orders, 30s: scnr Jessie Minor,
I redwood at Eureica fur Honolulu.
: ■ ■ Spoken.
Per schr Antelope— Jan 10. 15 miles west of
Point lieyes— Sour Katie and Anna, with 50 seal
skins.
Dec 23. 3N, 26 W— Br ship Ecclefechan, hence
Sept 19 for Uupen^town.
Nov v, 31 e>. 40 W— Br ship Artfnamurchan from
Cardiff, ior Santa Rosalia.-.
I Per ihi;> E B Sut on - AUR 31, 34N 52 30 W —
81: ip Hecla, 'rom Philadelphia f>r .-an Francisco.
■ Jan x. 31 N. 126 M) W -Bark Ger.uanla, from
New Whatcom, for Collao.
.. Dome* tic Porn.
I TACOMA— Arrived Jan 11— 3tmr Wasbtenaw,
. hem c Jan 8. • ■-^::;-t-- ■-.
1 GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Jan 10-Stmr Del
None, for Man Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jau 12— Stmr Jewel, hencj
.Tan 11
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan. 12— Stmr Aica
traz. hence Jan li.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jan 11— Tug Col-
Us. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in Jan 12-Br stmr Km press
of Jut a 1, irom Yokohama, for Vancouver.
KCKKKA— Arrived Jan I^— Sair Alice Blanch,
ard, hence Jan 10: schr Helen N K.moall. hence
Jan 7.
Sailed Jan l'J-Hcnr Alice Blanchard. for Port
land; stmr -outh Coast, tor San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— -.ailed Jan 12-scnr Ethel
Zane. for -h:i Francisco.
>A>' DlECJO— Arrived Jan 12— Br ship Merra
Ventana, lor Balgon. r; y
Kastern Port*.
NKW YORK— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr AUlancafor
Colon.
Forelen Ptm.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 10— Br bark Balmore,
I for Victor. a.
• QTTKKNSTOWN— Sailed Jan 10— bark lover
carry, for Cardiff.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 10— Br stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma: «r stmr Gael c. for San Francisco. I
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jaa ID— Br bark KH- A
meny, h' nee auc 1. . r
-.. COMOX— Arrived Jan 10— « mr M!n?o a from
Port Los Angeles. ■ _ . ■ •
•■ SANTA KO^ALTA-Salled Dec 30-4 our Albert
Mey*r. for Ka.iulul.
:■••■ VICJ't Rla— Arrived Jan s— Ship Baring Broth
ers, irom jiolleiido.
Importation*.
; NEWPORT- Per Eureka-101 bxs oranges, 10
cs ec«< 3 bxs bulbs.
- Hueneme -1 »x butter, acseegs, Ihx groceries. ■
I Veniuia— 7s bxs lemons. 4cs eggs, 48 sacks dry
fruit, asks walnuts.
Carplnterla— 2 ob s paint.
■! Santa Barbara— l qr- box lemons, 2 bxs oranges,
12 B<s crawfish.' •
Kast San Pedro— l3l cs eggs. 14 crates stoves, 3
[ crates trays 14 ora no* 4 bbls paint 1 crate
: metal, V! 4 pMs mdse, . 3 bx< limes. 25 cs mineral
water, 10 cs cod fish. 1 box books, 1 c» jams, 1 box
lOO>s, 1 cs cheese. 1 sk chicory. I dx o'.ives.
««viot»— l bdl dry pelts. 1 ox butter, 1 a eggs,
41 ska crawfish.
Port ilarioid— 4 bxs (Un , 3 dressed calves, 24 hf
cseti«s 14 pices tiuis-, 1 bbl 14 bxs butter, 2b!U
calfskins, 5 bdlsdry hide*. - ■'•
I a Cayucos— it coops chickens, 47 hf-bxs batter, 6
a e«gs. 3 pkgs mds>-. -.-j dressed calves. 4 hide*.
' ' San isimroa— di l>xs builer. IS pk:s mds •, Isk
qual , 2 coops chickens. SO dressed calves, — ska
»baloacs . 0 cs eggs. 8 bides
•..Mout*rey—l In kroc*rlev -. -
COOS BAY— Per Cxart.ia— 729 tons coal, 34 Dkgs
s 1 ware. 178 hides. 4000 cs' salmon, 8 bdls bides,
3 pkgs woolen cools. ■ . . - •
PloMO— Per Wroott-'JBS sks b'ana.
Comlßiifei.
Per Weeott— J \V Bow. en: F Daneri ACa
. Per £ur*ka-Gr»y <& Barblert: L Scatena A Co:
C X Whitney AUi : llmer, Bredhoff ■& Schuis; A
N stott: Dairymen's Union: Wetmore Bros; sun
•el Seed and Plant Co : Garcia A M»R<lni-. Go C
r ver hard: Wleland Brewing Co: Kowalsky A Co;
Erlanger A Oallnger: Wood. CnrtU A Co; a m:v.i:
D •*: Allison A Co: Dalton 15ro.«; C Carp/ A Co; H
il Nato'i; American Union Fish Co: A Paladlnl ;
Thos Deuigan, Son AC: Milan! A Co : California
Botlllo* Urn J IcKuuila: Dod*e. Sweeney A Co,
Wneaton, Brton A Co: Marshall A Rf>im rs: Kl . er '
Kxproas; -II N TUden A Co: •De Bernard! A Co ; a
A mold: Boss A Hewlett; HDuvard; Arctic Oil i
Works: Uiu Bros a Co; Hrlanam. Hoppe A Co; a"
.1 tilu. me: H Klrchmann A Co; BlMlnger A Co.
Russ, Sanders ACo Wluw « Kaker; J W«lils;
Western Meat Co: Felling, Cressy A Co; \V R Lar
to.ere; Hills Broi: 011 Smith A Co; A VVy, S ; Cbi
iik(» hrewery; Chai Montgomery A Co; Wm Cuff
A Co; I'a-iflc Mt-tat Washburn-Moen >Ui
: Co; . Muck A CO; Union Fish CO: J A Fo gvtr ACo:
, \\ >i v Urn; California Wine Dealers' A«tn; Brane
A Gra>aluiff: Uladdiug. ilcllMniUij Benin •£
1,-pori: KJ I«n«iord: F Meyer; H H Saltier; a
' M BoMM ;.Weitbolt A Co. ; ■ •
r ■-* IVr Ciarlnn— J D spreckels A Broi Co: Bandon
Woolen-mills ; W C Price A Co; Gets Bros A Co.CO-EDS EIGHT
THE LIQUOR "ADS"
The Fair Sex Engage in
the "Blue and Gold"
Controversy.
A Meeting That Was Expected,
but Which Did Not
Materialize.
The L'oyd-Unda Ca,e— A New Fire
Marshal to Be Appointtd
Socn.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— Manager
Mott of the "Bine and Gold" bas iound
himself entangled in the meslies oi the
co-eds' wrath. The young women at the
State University have taken up the light
inaueurated by the college Y. M. C. A.
against the publication of liquor "ads"
in the college annual and they propose
•waging a vigorous campaign against hav
ing the "B & G" "polluted," as they say,
"with the vile and debasing lines, setting
forth the merits of the goods of various
saloon and liquor men." The Young
r.an's Christian Association will hold
a meeting next Friday, at which the mem
bers intend to pass resolutions condemning
the practice of publishing liquor "ads"
and will prepare themselves for a battle
with those who approve of the system.
It was expected that a meeting of the
class of '98 10 discuss the matter would be
held this afternoon, but for some un
known reason it was not held. President
Everett Brown says that he wishes, as
iho presiding officer, to be perfectly neu
tral in the matter. He has had overtures
from President Falrchild of the Y. M. C.
A. for the calling of a meeting, while on
the other hanu he has been requested by
many not to call such a meeting, as they
say "that the measure will surely meet
with defeat.
"I am only too willing tc get the ciass
together,'' said he to-day, "ii I think the
majority wishes it, but as far as I am able
to see only the members of th° Y. M. C.
A. and Y. W.C. A. object to the ads.
"I would like to see the matter settled
cutside of a cla?s-meetine, for just as cer
tain as we bring tue matter up officially
i: wiil terminate in a bie fight and will be
a 'josh' on the colle-ze. The Y. M. C. A.
ought to settle this matter with Manager
JMott and not try to bring a large number
of students, wno now appear indifferent,
into the case."
The liquor "ads" are the tain of the
campus, and no one seems to know how
or where the matter will end. Some of
ti;e Y. M. C. A. have attempted to enlist
certain members of the faculty in their
cause, but without avail, because the pro
fessors say that the question is one which
tioes not concern them.
Meanwhile the "ad" solicitors are goinc
alons resardless of the quasi injunction of
the Y. M. and the Y. W. C A. '
Eight Deans Now.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— The office
of dean oi the eight colleges at Berkeley,
Leld by Professor Irving Stringuam, has
been abolished and each college will nere
jifter have its own dean. Tue eight uew
orncers and the colleges over which they
will preside are as follows:
Letters, Pro!e«sor Alexis F. Lange:
'ocial sciences, Professor Miller W. Has
kell; natural sciences, Professor Frederick
Sate; agriculture, Prof-ssor E. W. Hi.
gard; mechanics, Professor F. G. Hesse;
mining, Professor Samuel B. Christy;
civil engineering, Professor Frank B.
iS )ule; chemistry, Professor Wiliard B.
Rising.
Improvement in Courses.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— The three
years' course for prospective medical stu
dents at ibe State University, which has
been in process of consummation for
some time past, has been decided upon.
The cuur.-e has been so arranged that
students who are tittins» for a medical
course can take three years at Berkeley
and four years at the medical co.lege, and
upon graduation from the latter will re
ceive bjth the academic degree of B. S.
and the professional degree of M.D. One
year is thus saved by students who desire
to take both a collegiate and a pro.es
jdonal co'jr
The course at Berkeley is made up
largely of chemis ry, physics ana biology.
For a Fire Chief.
BERKELEY, Ckx.., Jan. 12.— The office
•of Fir»- Chief of the town of Berkeley was
created at the meeting of the Board of
Trustees last night. The ordinance under
which a chief may be appointed provides
that he shali hold office at tha pleasure of
the board, and that ne shall have charge
cf and be responsible for a!l the apparatus
of the various companies. The chief
f-hnll serve w.thout pay.
It is understood that when the ordi
nance goes into effect, S. H. Borkheim,
formerly of th - West Berkeley lire com
pany, will be chosen chief.
Lloyd-Unda Liquor Case.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— At the
meeting of the Town Board last evening
Trustee Hoff proposed that the body re
solve itself into a court of inquiry to take
testimony in the Lloyd-Unda liquor case.
It was finally decided to boid '.he matter
over for another two weeKs. pending an
investigation into the legality of a trial
by a town boari.
FRICK ARRESTED AGAIN.
Threaten* Damage Suit* for Slander,
but Will Continue to Appear
at the School.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 12.— Principal
Prick of the Lockwood School was again
ejected this morning from the school
building. This is a continuation of the
oft-repeated troubles in that district.
Trustee Siva asked Frick why he did not
resign. "I have a contract to tench this
school, and I propose to do my part
toward it," was the principal's reply.
Constable Cramer then arrested Frick at
the command of the Trustees and took
him to Justice Laurence's court in East
Oakland, but he was ill and not in his of
fice. The District Attorney was then vis
ited, but no warrant was issued for the
md arrest.
Principal Crosbv carried on the school
during tne day. Frick declares he will be
on band to-morrow and every day to carry
out. his contract and wiil coUect his term's
.;•. H^ also threatens TrusteeHeazle
vitli a $1000 damage suit on the
jrrouna cf slander. He says Heazleton
c::l!ed him a thief and a liar before the
v.hoescho 1. Both sides are in a bellig
erent attitude and aent-ational develop
ments may follow.
For Young Men.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 12.— The annual
meeting of the Young Mt-n's Christian
Ass c;ation chows that worthy institution
I to be in very good condition. Report*
1 * ere presented f rum the physical depart
-1 ment by Charles A. Glunz; lecture arid
George S. Leckie; mem
bership, W. C. Barnani ; reception, John
W. Berger; reiigious, E. P.* Piponberg ;
bicycle, Robert McMnilan; educational,
Professor W. E. Gibson ; treasurer, George
B. M. Gray.
Tj.e se.ection of five trustee? resulted in
the election of J. J. Valentine. 8. T. Alex
ander. F. F. Barker, R. H. Chamb riain
and F. B. Cook. These met and re-elected
officers as follows: Presiueut, D. Edwards
Collins; vice-presidents, J. J. Valentine
and 8. F. Alexander; treasurer, G-orge B.
M. Gray; recording sectary, W. C. Bar
nard; general secretary, Noei A. Jacks;
assistant, Charles A. Glunz. This latter
position has been held by Frank A. Jack
son ot Portland, Or., for two years past,
but he resigned to accept a similar place
in the San Francisco association.
Park Commissioners.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 12. —The di
rectors of the Merchants' Exchange, Board
of Trade and Good Roa;s Association
have selected R. M. Fitzgerald, D. Ed
wanis Collins and John A. Britton to be
submitted to Governor Budd to be named
as Park Commissioners of Oakland. This
is in jiccord with the general statute on
maintenance of parks. Tii- re is no salary
to the position, but after the parks are
acquired there wouid be some patronage.
As soon as the men named signify their
wil.ininiess to serve thfl Council will be re
quested to pass a resolution requesting
the Governor to name them.
W'endto Will Remain.
OAKLAND, Cal, Jan. 12.— The com
mit :ee oi the Oakland Ministerial Asso
ciation to which was referred the matter
o 1 whether the Rev. C. W. Wendte of the
Unitarian church should or should not be
retained as a member, consisting of the
Rev. C. H. Hobart, the Rev. Edwards
Davis and the Rev. Alfred Kummer, i). D.,
have decided that he is to remain. There
will be a meeting of tie association to
morrow but no action will be taken, as
the committee had full power to settle the
matter.
Released on Ball.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 12— Hulda John
son, who has been detained at the police
station as an accessory to the death of her
sister, Annie Johnson, who died recently
from the effects of a criminal operation,
has been relea;-ed on $5000 bail with Mary
Kelley and Mike O'Gary as sureties.
PARIS IS THEIR MECCA.
L. J. Seliier Will Depart Satur
day With a Young
Brid?.
Anti- Saloon League Flies a Complaint
With the Trustees Against
A. Frank.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 12.— L. J. Seliier
of 1732 A ameda avenue, his daughter,
Miss Annie, and Miss Nora Harnden, will
leave Saturday morning for a two years'
stay in Paris. The most interesting part
of the affair is the runior that Miss Harn
den is either a bride now or will be before
the start is made on Saturday.
The utmost secrecy prevails at the Sel
lier residence, but some of the family
claim that there has b^en an engagement
for some time. Mr. Seliieris a mining
expert, 64 years of ace, while the bride, or
bride to be, who is weli known in society,
is but 2-i years cf age. It was the desire
of the contracting parties that the an
nouncement of the marriage might be
delayed until the party was well on its
way," but the good news would not keep,
so they will now be able to carry with
them the good wishes of their many
friends.
Mr. Sellier, when interviewed, denied
the rumors point blank, as many another
man in a similar nosuion has, but his
married daughter was more accoiumo
datio& She admits the engagement, but
declined 10 j:ive any particulars of the
event.
Saloon Investigation.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 12.— Tne cause
of the executive sessior. 01 the Board of
Tiustees, one week ago last night, leaked
out last nignt when a communication was
read in the board meeting. A ter calling
attention to the Ittw arxl penalty for sell
ing or g:v:ng away any spirituous, malt
or fermented liquor or wine to minors, it
says:
We the undersigned committee, representing
the Ant:-saloon League of Alameda, charge
Andrew r runt's ntoon, 1253 Park street, with
the violation oi the ordinance referred to. We
are prepared to furnish 10 yonr honorable
body, or to any committee whiea you may ap
point for the investigation of this case, the
names and addresses of creditable witnesses
to prove the charge as above stated. In the
interest of morality and in order that the laws
of our city rcay be upheld and respected, we
earnestly request you to investigate this case,
and if you find mat the charge is borne out by
the evidence we lurther a*k that you revoke
the license ol this saloon and decure its bond
ioneiied. Yours respectfully,
J. D. Jamtsok,
W. \V. fcCXDDEB,
Committee Anti-Saloon League of Alarneda.
On motion of Trustee Leydecker the
maiterwas referre-i to the committee of
the whole. It has currently been reported
that the secret meeting was to investigate
the conduct of certain police officers, but
as the chief denied that, no credence was
given to the rumor.
Must i'ave a License.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 12 — C. Helling
of Lagle avenue, who applied for a liquor
licence some months ago and was disap
pointed by the Board of Trustees' refusal,
last ninht app.iel for a permit to -eil
water and lay the necessary mains upon
the following streets:
Eaele nvenue. from Shermsn to St. Charles
street; Buena Vi>tn avenue, from S'lerman to
St. ("carles street; Psic-.Sc avenue, 2rom Arbor
to St. Chares st.eet; E.ilroad avenue, from
Benton to St. Charles street : Santa. Clara ave
nue, from Becton to SJ. Charles street; St.
Charles street, from Ea^ie to Santa Clara ave
nue; Bay street, from Eaeie to Sauta Clara
avenue; Sherman street, from Eagle to Santa
Clara avenue; Morton street, irom Pacific to
Santa Clara avenue; Re:non street, from
Buena Vista to Santa Clara avenue.
Trustee Leydecker remarked at the close
of tne reading of the p-.-tition: "That is a
constitutional npht."
-If Mr. Hilling puts up the $3000 bond
he can have t:ie right,' added C.erk Laui
born, and the petition went to t c City
Attorney for Investigation. Mr. Helling
has a small wafer ;lant now and supplies
some oJ his neighbor?.
Court H'nl Constable.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jun. 12.— "1 could
com |>el you to take the man to the County
Jail under the rules governing Constables'
duties."
It was Justice Morris speaking to Con
stables Day and Van Konf to his court
tlr. 3 morning when both of the men re
fused to take Thomas Morrison across the
estuary after be bad betn sentenced to
pay a tine of $60 or go to jail thirty day?.
The constables claime 1 that under the
recent decison on the fee biil they
could gel no pay for taking a man to jail
after sentence was pronounced, and they
di i not propose to work for nothing.
Justice Morris was somewhat at a loss to
Know what to do in >he matter, but finally
telephoned Sheriff White his predicament.
The latter was going to be in town during
the afternoon and offered to call and take
Morrison over. Saniuei Dickey, Morri
son's companion, arrested in au opium
den yesterday, pleaded guilty and received
the same sentence.
For the New Library.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 12.— The cost of
fitting up the new liDrary headquarters
will be: C. H. Foster & f-on, painting
$89 60; carpenter work, $89 60; plastering,
$89 60; lumber and material furni-hert
$£9bO; rubber treads, $6 50; A. Bruder,
electric and gas fixtures, $65 50; same,
$49; same. $36; connecting, etc.. $15i 50;
water fountain and connections, $46; rail
ing, $175; total, $356 90.
A Serious Injury.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 12 —Mrs. Julius
Quinchard, wi>o was thrown by the turn
table at the foot of Market street, Kan
Francisco, on December 10 last year, 13
still confined to her bed at her home, 1548
Santa Ciara avenue. Dr. Sieltzner, who
is attending her, states that she may not
be out for two months yet. Her knee
cap is injured and rr»y cause her consid
erable trouble.
TO CIKE A (OLU 1-V ONE DAY.
Take ia native Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it lulls to care, ' 25c'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
THEY DENY ALL
IMPURE MOTIVES
The Twenty- One Refuse to
Be Called Down by-
Frank Leach.
Unanimously Indorse a Propo
sition to Secure Good City
Government.
Most Important Action Yet Taken in
the Local Municipal Cam
paign.
;
Oakland Office B an Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 12. , j
The breach between Dr. Pardee and his
followers and Frank A. Leach and his
supporters is widening daily, and each
side expresses no desire for peace. Anony
mous Interviews and generalities are being
freely circulated and printed, but definite
Tacts are not particularly plentiful.
Mr. Leach considers that an interview
with a member of the Committee of Twen
ty-one published in this morning's Call
Two Oakland Republicans Who Are Just Now in the Public Eye
of Oakland.
did him an injustice and credited him
with making political alliances which he
considers discreditable. Considering the
virile manner in which local politics have
been for years and are being carried on,
this statement is somewhat of a surprise
to the politicians. Mr. Leach evidently
thought that remarks passed upon his
personal stand in politics referred to his
business enterprise and character. Such,
however, couli not be the deduction de
rived from an impartial renew of the situ
ation.
In his explanation published to-night
he says: "These publications certainly de
mand some response from the Enquirer.
Reluctant as we may be to say things that
must cause heartburnings and engender
passion, that should never find place in
the discussion of politics or the fitness of
men for public office; therefore, ws shall
give another chapter of this most unpleas
ant subject and it will rest upon those who
attacked the Enquirer if the story shall
be continued to ics minutest detail, and it
is not impossible that the law may be yet
invoked and some of the conspirators in
this infamous job shall meet tueir deserts
behind tl.e oars."
Mr. Leach repeated to-day his assertion
that frank Mointt had been reported as
having purchased the City Committee of
the Republican party in the interest of
the new water company, and this s:ate
ment Mr. Moffitt positively denies.
Councilman Bassett, who is a close stu
dent of the local situation, said to-day
that so far as he can learn the present out
break is simply another chapter of the in
terminable quarrel between Frank Leach
and Frank Moffi.it. "It is absurd to sup
pose," sail Mr. Bassett, ''that a man as
astute as Dr. Pardee cou.d be blinded for a
whole month as to the purpose of the City
Committee in appointing that Committee
of Twenty-one, if they had a purpose.
Mr. Leach has made himself a power in
local politics, and it is very amusing to
hear him say that other people's opinions
of him are unjust and uncalled-for. There
are many dark schemes being hatched in
connection with tha coming municipal
campaign thai are still behind the scenes,
but which cannot be covered much
lonsrer."
Tne Committee of Twenty-one held an
important m-eting to-nightand took deci
sive action on the situation.
The following declaration of indepen
dence was unanimously adopted:
We, the members of the committee of twenty
one of the Republican party ot the city of Oak
land, do hereby make tne following statement
of our aims end objects, in order that tne
voters of the party muy understand the mo
tives that have prompted us in accepting this
trust:
The committee of twenty-one was appointed
by the Republican City Central Committee ot
the city of Oakland entirely at the motion of
the city committee and without request from
us or trom any one of whom we have any
knowledge. The members thereof were not
told that any sucii action was contemplated by
the City central committee and were app <inted
without their knowledge and without any
previous consultation with any one upon tlie
matter.
Thy committee has no knowledge of any
transaction aside fiom the resolution passed
by the City Central Committee creating the
committee of twenty-one aud announcing the
appointments thereof, and this committee re
pudiates and condemns in tlie strongest man
ner possible any action of the City Central
Committee as a body or as individuals, or of
any other person or persons that gives any
color to or su.sp clon of any attempt upon the
part of any corporation or any person to con
.rul or dictate in any manner the action of
ibis committee in the selection of delegates
to the convention or of tne members of the
convention so >elected.
The members of thi* committee were given
the tiower to appoint 147 good and trua Re
publicans to form a city convention of the
Republican party. No pledges of any kind
were exacted from the committee as a whole,
nor from any individuals composing the com
mittee. There was no understanding between
this commute;; as a whole, nor of tiny mem
ber thereof, with any outside parties, and wo
bad no knowledge of our proposed selection
until our names wern published by the city
central committee. We recognize the right ot
that committee to deter;: me the manner of
the formation of the Republican ci'.y conven
tion, and we accepted the trust Imposed upon
us with no other purpose than to select the
names of 147 intelligent, reliable, disinteiested
»nd rep esentative citizens, who uou.d con
scientiously nod imperially nominate such
men for municipal offices as they should deem
best fitted for the respective positions.
In our earnest attempt to discharge this duty
we have not In any instance sought to pro
mote the interests of any corporation or of
nny individual i>or has any man bee selected
by us a-i a delegate by rensou of his favor for
or bis opposition to Any measure or any man.
In many instances names have been rejected
by us because they seemed to be thrust upon
us by parties appearing to have personal in
terests to be served, rug we have endeavored
to select gentlemen hs delegates of whose per
sonal preferences f r possible candidates we
were ignorant. No pledges have been solic
cited or made as & condition of selection as
delegates.
This commfttee of twenty-one has sought
earnestly to secure not only honest and disin
terested delegates but men who would repre
scut the various industrial, eomme-cial and
property interests of this City, and thus secure
a truly representative representation.
This committee has no knowledge, personal
or < fflcial, of any acts of the City Central Com
mittee castlne any doubts upon the political
or personal integrity of this committee or any
of its members. Before we accepted by vote
the appointment of the Republican City Cen
tral Committee we required all candidates for
any office to resigr irom our committee and
their places were filled by nominations by our
committee. We also voted that no proxies
should be allowed In the convention, but that
all vacancies should Le filled by the respective
ward delegations.
This committee feels that should It at this
time abandon the work that it has undertaken,
and now has In haud, the result would be dis
astrous to good government in the city of
Oakland for tne ensuing two years.
This committee declares that it has been In
uo way approached with regard to its appoint
ments, and no effort has been made to influence
it, and its actions have been prompted by a de
sire for good government and the success of the
ticket to be nominated. No pieoges of any
kind have been exacted from any delegates
appointed by this commltt c. Finally, this
committee declares its belief in the following
principles:
First— An honest, economical administration
of municipal affairs, so that the people of Oak
land shall be given the greatest amount of
good possible for tne taxes paid In support of
ihe city government.
Second— A continuance of the present water
frout litigation to the court of last appeal.
We urge that no compromise be allowed or
permitted in the water-front litigation, and
that the present suits now pending in the Su
preme Court of this State be prosecuted to
the very end, and that no dismissal or com
promise be allowed or permitted upon any
terms whatever.
Third — The securing of good roads for the
city and the improvement of the roadway of
the city in as permanent a manner as may be
posslDie.
First Ward— D. S. Monlton, Walter Meese,
George Stanley ; Se ond Ward— E<l Pierce, B.
D. Hunter, W. A. Rouse; Third Ward— A. C.
Richards. E. P. Taylor; Fourth Ward— F. D.
Hinds, Sol Kahn, Cnarles Mau ; Fifih Ward—
T. M. Robinson, J. M. Haven, A. M. Benham;
Sixth Ward— G. B. M. Gray. William Bolza,
George A. Adams; Seventh Ward— George C.
Pardep, C. H. Daly, C. H. Merethew.
All the members were ready to name
delegates excepting a few vacancies from
two wards, and next Friday night a com
pie c list of delegates will be named.
The convention will be held next Mon
day evening.
Wedded on the Quiet.
ALAIIEDA, Cal., Jan. 12.— The imrpose
of Miss Kate Griifi;ts' vi«i t to her brother,
E. S. Griffitts, of 2209 Railroad avenue,
last Friday, leaked out yesterday, when it
wag ascertaineu that she was married Sat
urday in San Francisco to Charles Briggs.
Miss Griffitts is a resident of Potter Val
ley and the dauehter of I. Y. Griffitts, a
former well-known resident cf this city.
The groom is the owner of a fine ranch in
Mendocino County and the son of Moses
Bnggs. The latter is a cousin of Kit Car
son, the famous frontiersman.
THE SUNSET CLUB.
Mrs. Elizabeth Boy, the Manager,
Arrested on the Charge of Petty
Larceny.
Mrs. Elizabeth Roy, manager of the
Snnset Merchandise Club, Murphy builci
ine, was arrested yesterday morning on a
warrant charging her witn petty larceny.
The complaint was sworn out In Judge
Low's conrt iast week by Mrs. Aggie
Donovan. Oak street, one of tne members
of the club.
The arrest is the outcome of a stormy
meeting of the club members held on De
cember 16. Tuey were dissatisfied with
the way the club was conducted and most
of the members demanded the return of
the money they bad paid in. T is was
refused until they had each paid fn $25,
and then they were only to eet half,
$i 2 50, and continue paving in till $25 was
again reached, wbeu they would get the
other half.
Mrs. Donovan had paid in $23 75, and
after repeated demands for the money.
wiiich was refuse i, she swore out the
complaint for Mrs. Roy's arrest. Several
other members are waiting for a decision
in the case to guide them a* to what ac
tion to take for the return of their money.
Three Fi e Alarms.
The General Keyes building, Stockton street,
between O'Farrell and Ellis, was damaged by
fire to the extent of $1000 last evening. The
bleze broke out in the engine-room, which is
located in the basement.
An alarm was Roundel through box 43 at
11:15 P. M.--The Malson Tortonl, 113 O'Farrell
street, was damaged to the extent of $100, by
smoke ami water. .'Charles Krueckels' saloon,
109 O'Farrell street, also suffered slight dam
age Irom the same causes. "
The exact cause of the biaze is not known,
but It •is -presumed r thai' the woodwork, sur
rounding the boilers became overheated and
ignited. . - :•;.■■ : -
An alarm was sounded from box 8 at 10:30
o'clock last evening for a 'blaze on- the root of
a two-story frame building owned by Henry
Martin, corner of Powell and Union street?.
. The ■ fire, which Win caused by a defect! vo
electric wire, damaged the building to the ex
tent of $250. ■i'.^-;i??i:.-- ■■ ■ : . . .?. - -
The alarm from b">x 21 at 11:20 was a llr<» in
Wing i Chung's tailoring establishment, 733
Clay street. The damage to the building and
stock of clothing.will amount to about $50.
Telephoned & / u.i Message.
An apparently excited mm, giving the
name of h rank Barrere, called ud the Morgue
by telephone last evening, and after satisfy
ing himself that be was connected with the
charnel house, made the startling statement
that lie was L'Oing out to the Park to biow out
his brains. He said his wife had proved faith
less ana thai he had nothing more to live for.
He refused to state his business or to give
his address, and when closely questioned said:
"Good-byl God bless ail my friends!" and left
the phone. Xo body was found up to a late
hour last n)gut, and in all probability the per
son who intended suicide, M indeed the propo
sition was not a hoax, abandoued his idea of
Dropped Dead While at Dinner.
George E. Neissen, living at 210J£ Twelfth
street, while eating dinner at 2 o'clock yester
day afternoon, droppei dead. Dr. McCarthy,
wiio was calleil, said deatii was cau-od by the
rupture of a blood vessel, broorht, on by a fit
of coughing. The Coroner's office was notified,
but upon an investigation and learning the
facts, it was decided that an inquest was un
necessary.
A Fiute Team Coming.
Central Park will have something new in
the baseball line in a few weeks, as Mr. Pulsi
fer has closed a contract and will bring down
the famous Piute Indian baseball team from
£>evada. They have a great reputation east of
the mountains and no doubt will show some
of our local clubs a few "kinks" in the game.
The management will take the team East, to
piny at Los Augeies and south through Texas,
etc.
Bertha Hooper May Die.
Bertha Hooper, the young girl who shot
herself at the Clarendon House on Sunday
night, is in a critical condition. She began
sinking this afternoon, and while she ral
lied later in tae day she is quite low. It
is thought that she will die.
FITZGERALD PUT
UNDER HOT FIRE
Employment Agents Call
His New Bill a
Humbug.
They Say It Would Make Him
King of the Labor
World.
They Will Send Men to Sacramento
to Figbt Hts Propo3'd Law
to the Enl.
One of the most interesting issues that
will come to the attention of the Leeisla
ture this winter is that between State
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald and the
various employment agencies of the City.
Commissioner Fitzgerald is anxious to
have a law passed which will enable him
to establish a free labor bureau whenever
be chooses. Tnis will give him or the
Governor a tremendous appointing power,
and to this the existing employment
agencies make vigorous objection.
The next provision he seeks to have
enacted gives him the power to inspect
the books of every employment agency
and get the name and address of every
applicant. Tne men in the agency busi
ness object to this clause of the law as an
obnoxious interference with their busi
ness.
They say it may result in their business
falling under the eyes of persons hostile
to them, and that it is unfair for a State
free labor bureau, as their competitor, to
have access to all of their trade secrets.
"This man is a political mountebank,"
said H. V. Ready yesterday, * # and we
shall fight him to a finish. He was a po
litical nan er-on of his brother, afflicted
so as to be unable to earn a living until
his biotber got him this place and got
another beauty named Cleve Dam in with
him. Go to Oakland and you will find
these gentlemen's records. They have not
been and are not now the friend of labor
ers or labor unions. They are politi
cians looking for soft jobs for their
friends. Why should a Republican Legis
lature aid a schemer like Fitzgerald? We
a»-e the friends of legitimate labor unions
and we pay a license to conduct a fair
business. Why should we be under sur
veillance of a man like Fitzgerald?
Never!"
Mr. Ready had on his war paint and he
hss been selected to go to Sacramento to
fight the measure by which Fiizgerald
seeks to perpetuate power and get the ad
dresses of workinsimen.
"It would give such a man as Fitzgerald
a marvelous leverage in politics," said
Ready, "to control the Labor Bureau busi
ness of the State. Wouldn't he favor men
who vote his way ? Where has the mind
of man ever conceived a more gigantic
scheme for political iraud than this? It
is simply inianious."
Mr. Ready, however, will have Leon
Dennery or Assemblyman Arnench intro
duce a bill to regulate employment a«en
cies. It will require a bond of $5000 for tne
faithful discharge of business. The follow
ing is the main provision;
Every person, firm or corporation now car
rying on or conducting "the business of an
erup.oyment or intelligence office in this
State shall within sixty Jays aver this act
takes ettect, or before such persons, firm or
corporation shall thereafter commence to
conduct such business, file with the clerk of
the county, or city and county within which
such bußiuess is or is sought to be transacted,
a bond to the people of the State of California
in t:ie penal sum of $5000, with two sureties
approved by a judge oi a Superior Court of the
county, or city and county, conditioned that,
the obligor will pay to any client or customer
of said obligor, to whom intelligence for em
ployment shall be by him or her or through
theagencyof him or her furnished and paid
for, any aud all :ees paid and necessary trav
eling expenses which said client or customer
may have incurred by reason of such intelli
fence for empio ment having been iraudu
ent.y represented by said obligor or agei.cy,
' and ai-o that execution upon any judgment
i against, said obligor for such fees or expenses
may be issued against said obligor aud said
sureties severally.
The following is the provision of Fitz
gerald's proposed bill to wnich the em
ployment agents mate vigorous objection:
Sec. 4. The Commissioner shall, es soon as
practicable after the passage of this net, estab
lish under his direction a free employment
I department of the State Labor Bureau, and to
that end he shall establish, and thereafter
I maintain, lrce employment offices, one at the
I headquarters of tue Bureau of Labor in the
i City and County of San Francisco, and in such
I other city or cities as he may, in his judgment,
deem the pub.ic interest and convenience re
quire. Ue shall designate for each of said
offices a deputy, who shall have charge of
same, togetner with such othei assistants as
may be necessary to perform the work. It
| shall be the duty of the said deputy to receive
ali applications, except those of Chinese and
! Japanese, made at the office in his ere by per
sons desiring io obtain employment, or to em
pioy labor or help of any kind ; to note requests
of all such p rsons, and record, in a book
or bioks kepi lor that imrpose, the name and
eddress and requirements of each, ana fully
impart to all applicants such information aud
advice cs he may be able to give regarding
their several wants; to exclude from the office
and enter upon a book kept lor that purpose
I the name of any person whom he shall have
! found to be unreliable, irresponsible or other
wise ot jc ttiouabie; to make monthly reports
to the Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor
of the number and nature of the applications
! received, the number of persons (cla>sified as
I to sex and occupation) who have secured em
plovmeut through -his office, and the number
and character of "wants." which he is unable
to supply; to collect labor statistics and facis
relating to industrial pursuits and employ
ments, and to periorm such otber duties per
taining to said 4 ftice as mny be prescribed by
the Commissioner of said bureau.
It is the general opinion of agents that
these qualifications will make ttie Labor
Commissioner, as Mr. Ready put it, "a
dangerous officer, a political dictator and
a destroyer of legiimate industry." The
views of some representative employment
agents are subjoined:
H. D. Ewer— We are pursuing a legitimnte
business for which we pay a license of jf64 a
year. We rob nobody, but we get men and
i women situations for a small fee. Ttie Com-
I missioner, who is a political faker, seeks to get
a monopoly o: the whole business, lie wants
! the right tn appoint about 300 assistants and
to expend ab^ut ¥100.000 a year for the State.
Is thla for the benefit of the clear workinginen
aud their unions ? No, it is for Fitzgerald and
Jim Budd, who is back of the work*. He
wants to reduce our fees an-.i inspect our
books. His bib would simply run men out of
the business. It is unjust and ought to be de
feated. Free bureaus aluavs fail, lor men who
are no.t skilled will tacklo any job free, but
they won't pay a fee unless they are skillful.
H. V. Ready— This political understrapper is
simply seeking to pose as a king of the labor
ing world that he may control votes and posi
tions. His bill will never pass, but If it does,
we shall never close for a day, but will beat
him. The law is unconstitutional.
R. T. Ward— The bill is an unlawful and pes
tiferous interference with a legal business.
It oufftit to be defeated. Fitzgerald or any
other Labor Commissioner would be giv<?n a
dangerous and ridiculous power for nothing.
J. F. Crosett— Mr. Fitzgerald is an ambitious
politician. He wauU more power than the
King of the Cannibal I-lands, aud nis bill
would give it to him. \\> are in au honest
CASTORIA
For Infants and; Children.
Th« fae- /f
simile /STff s/&s> „ " Js w
&f^unf.j^'*^j(^^#-/t-#- h ever? ;
business and Ido not see why we should not
be tet alone.
C. F. Hansen— l have been in this business
twenty-one years. Why should I be branded
as a rogue and driven out? Why should Fitz
gerald seek all this power ? VVe get jobs for
scores of men after his bureau lias failed, as
iree and unreliable bureaus do. He wouid bo
a little king If he could sl:p that law through
and make it stick. Why is ne not satisfied to
conduct his own bureau and let us alnne ?
We favor unions and- union men and we favor
requests iro in ministers and charitable socie
ties. We could not do business if fees were
cut down as he proposes hi addition to estab
lishing bureaus to run in opposition to us.
Fitzgerald us a bureau man is a failure. It is
a political dodge.
FUGITIVE TEOM JUSTICE.
John I>. Hogan, an Kx-t'onvicl, Charged
With Grand Larceny, liisapppars.
John D. Hoean, an ex-convict, is a
fugitive from justice. He was arrested on
New Year's morning at the masquerade
ball in the Mechanics' Pavilion by Detec
tive Graham and Policeman O'Connor for
ateaiing a valuable diamond shirtstud
lroiu Frank Noriega, the president of the
ball committee.
Hosran was released on $2000 bonds, and
when his case was called in Judge Low's
court yesterday morning he failed to ap
pear. The Judge declared his bonds for
feited and issued a bench warrant for his
arrest, fixing the bonds in $3000.
Money for India.
Yesterday there was sent to Bishop James
M. Thoburn of Bombay 1323 rupees to be used
in behall of the starving people of India, and
more will loilow in the near future.
THE SPEEDY CONCERTINA
Sweet Music Soothes the Savage
Breast of the Messen-
ger Boy.
And Likewise Stirs Eis Sluggish
Pulse and Feet and Improves
His Digestion.
The messenger-boy "creeping like
snail" nas too long been the butt of comic
papers in need of material, but the knell
of these antediluvian witticisms has at
length been Bounded. And strange as the
statement may seem tbe source of this
knell is a concertina, if a concertina ever
forgets itself so far as to indulge in such a
thing as a knell.
This implied retorm in the manners and
customs of tbe mes=enger-boy may not be
come general lor some time to come, but
even a sincle exception to tiie reproach of
ages is a wholesome indication that the
entire breed of messenger-boys is within
the pale of ultimate salvation.
The office of the Western Union Tele
graph Company on Montgomery street is
the local habitation of this improved
breed of messenger- boys. Look here upon
this picture and on this. An ostrich to
an oyster. Tne "old style" messenger
boy, as he may be termed for the sake of
convenience, did not btlieve in violent
exercise af ler meals and as he was always
eating he usually found himself opposed
on by^ienic grounds to even the mildest
forms of physical exertion. His pace was
measured and deliberate; the ultimate
consequences of every step were carefully
weighed so to speak, and tbe placid calm
of bis ieamres was rarely disturbed by so
much as a transient emotion. How dif
ferent the "new stylo!" The weird and
startling spectacle oi messenger- boys
rustling madiy to and from the Western
Union office as though determined to
lower some sprinting record, is daily wit
nessed by a wondering world of business
men, who vuguely speculate as to its
meaning.
After all, the explanation of the phe
nomenon is extremely simple and withal
delightfully sentimental. The pcet said
of old that "Music hath charms to soothe
the savage breast," tbougu it is open to
question whether these lines have any
particular reference to messsenger-boys.
Be this as it may, some genius of the
! Western Union local management has un
j consciously profited by the poetical sug
gestion and has devised an unfailing
method of stirring tbe sluggish pulse and
feet of the company's juvenile employes.
An expert concertina player has been en
gaged to furnish choice selections
throughout the day to beguile the tedium
of the idle intervals which do occasionally
enter into the existence of a messenger
boy. This impresario has an extensive
and accommodating repertoire of popular
pieces, ranging from the Miserere in "II
Trovatore" to "The Sunshine of Paradise
Alley" and tbe latest topical at the Tivoli.
Now, therefore, when the nature of a
message calls for expeditious delivery the
gentleman in charge has no more to do
than to hand it over to the most musically
inclined member of the staff in attend
ance with the simple injunction: "Be
tbou here again ere the leviathan can
swim a league," to which the musical
messenger-boy would give assurance if he
could and supposing him familiar with
the bard: "I'll put a girdle round the
earth in forty minuter."
In fact the boys are so fearful of missing
any portion of the programme that they
j know no happiness outside the office anil
; never rest until their respective missions
are fulfilled.
No doubt tbe other City messenger oi
fices will follow the example of the West
ern Union. In the spirit of competition
I they may even go so far as to engage en
tire orchestras, with full complement of
brass, reed and string instruments. Who
can foresee the far-reaching conse
quences of this Ci mparatively simple mi
I tiative? Increase of appetite doth grow
w>th what it feeas on, and as the esthetic
appreciation of the messenger-boy de
veiopes by incessant cultivation his mer
j curial fleetness of foot may er° long be
. XEvr to-da.t:
I Awh HiluiJlinU I
An
PJ*|f^ Five Years
,; In Wood.
pallinii Bottling*.
c iVI Ari 1 1 ii
: jj|jl [ j l> «">' > «"tTo»S-liip vLI >! lfflnll I 111
411 Market St.
fi*'**^^S2t^^.^^ *> an Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, )
625 KEAKXV STI 'Established •
in I MM for the treatment of Private
DiMMMi Lost Manhood. ' Debility or J
disease wearingon bodyandmindand '
-Skin Diseases. 'l'hedoctorcures when .
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrr>i;aaranlrrd. CHllorwrite.
Or. 4. r. uIISIiV.N. Box 1937. 5 an tYuncisco. -
Auction Sales
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
FRIDAY. •
Friday ..■.■.......;..... January 15, 1897,
* At 11 o'clock A. M . ' ■
SOUTH PAKE LIVKRY STABLE. 544
15rannan St., Bet. Second and Third.
. On account of death of Mr. >mith and sickness
of Mr. Thumas l'our:ney we will sell to highest
bidder ■ ; ;■■ - . ■ .• .- . ■ - . . -
CONTENTS OF THE ABOVE STABLE,
,' coksistins OF :'.■... . "•;.
30 Horses. '£ Hacks. 2 Surries. 15 Baggies. 3 Car's,
3 Wagons, 30 sets of Harness, Robes, Blankets,
Whips, eta Sale positive. ' ■■ • ' .
StTLLIVAX &. DOYLE.
Office — 327 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
come as proverbial as the funereal locomo
tion peculiar to an earlier generation •
Th ;se boy 3 who are the most musical will,
i erhaps, invest their savings in bicycles
and airships in order not to lose the
sequence of a Wairnerian trilogy or the
adagio of a Beethoven s-ymphony. Simi
larly the various comoeting companies
will sjauge the taste of their emt»loyes and
regulate the programme accordingly.
The superintendent may be conceived
saying to the orchestra leaders for ex
ample: "I'm sending out O'Hara. Start
up 'The Shamrock So Green' please." Or
if the Hibernian youth it of a somewhat
frivolous disposition it might be well to
substitute "Arrah, Go On !" for the more
classical melody. The system, in fact, is
capable of infinite txpansion. A decade
hence, therefore, one may expect to see in
the daily papers advertisements worded
like the following: "Wanted — Cultured
gentleman for messenger office. Must
have thorough knowledge of music and
also understand children." Truly this is
a marvelonsly progressive age.
SEW TO-DAT
ffiEE TO EVERY lAN.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
fur mmm of Ml
WHICH fUKED HIM AFTER EVERY-
. THING XLUS FAILED.
'Painful diseases are bad enough, bat when a
man is slowly .wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental . forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
; is no let up to ■ the ' mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison : and thus end all
bis throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in. the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged bis weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
. I am not a philantnropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stomps necessary
to mail the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, ■ are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.
OCEAN TRAVEL.' '__
. .^Krak.fMgairlMadl S.H. AUSTRALIA for
e& MSiilC HONOLULU only.
•Hf jp> h <Bt[ fe Tuesday, Jannar.- 26.
M v£A EPS . at -p - **• Special party
la. Sea Is — !• \ rate* aubtk alia fo*
JffllHlE HO N O L U L U only.
irmii« Tuesday, Jnnuar -.'6.
W ™ at •-' p. m. Special party
I&gk f jft7CylM!lD!ll r '-' »all 3 via HONOLULU
<38E*^ /OiTIR3PLU *ai AUCKLAND for
€?5^ Villl{ J Mlw£~ SYDNEY, Thursday,
February 4, it 2 p. m
LInetoCOOLQARDIE, AUBt.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa. .. .-..;>.-- .. — . - ,  , ..-_ • -
J. D. SPBECKELB A BROS. CO. Agents.
• ; ■> . 114 Montgomery streak
Freight Office, 827 Market st. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers' leave BKOADWAY AJL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ""'tt
For Mary Island, Lorlntr, W range!. Jnnean, Kit-
lisuoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. if., Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
■end, Seattle, * Tacoma, Everett, 'Anacortes and
New Wi aicom (Bell inuham Bay, Wash.), 9a. v.
Jan. 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. B.
It., atTacoma with N. P. R. ft., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
bold Bar), Mr. Pomona '£ p. M.. Jan. 4. 8,12, 10,
20. 24. 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayncoa,
Port Harford (ban l ul.s Oblspo), Gaviota, .Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, San Pedro, East San
- Pedro (Los - Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 2, 26, 30, and every lourtu
day thereafter. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Honor \
(San Luis Oblspo), >anta Barbara, Port Lot An-
feles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 18, 20,24,1:8, and every fourth
day thereafter. .
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlaa, La
Pax . and Onaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
Ihe Company reserves right to change steamen
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ■ ■■• ■ . .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
•■ ■" ' ' ' --- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR Tlj A.N X>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA ■pT7/«12 KJret-rlas* 1 Including
JJ isti Second-class /berth <£ meats
SCHEDUJLE OF SAILINGS:
Colombia .;.......*...... Jan. 3, 13,25, Feb. 1
State of California..;... Jan. & 18, 28, Feb. 7
: . Through ■ tickets and through '■ baggage to ail
Eastern points. Rates and ' iolders upon applica-
lion 'to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALXj, PERKINS & CO.. bui>erinj.?nde.al}
COIPAG TIE GENERAL TRA JSATLtfTi(|UB
' French Line to Havre.
riOMPANY'S PIE K(NEW),42 NORTH A«c
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by w^SP?
this line avoid both transit by English railway an.l
the discomfort of crossing the channel In » small
boat. .\ew Yoric to Alexandria. Egyp:, via Paris,
first class $160. second class $110.
LA CHAMPAGNE................ Jan. 16, 10 A M.
JUA80URU0GNE....... ..........Jan. 23, 6A. M.
LAGASCOGNE.... Jnn. 30. 9a if.
LA BRETAG"<K Feb. 6, SA. M.
I, a NOKMANDIE .......... ....Feb. 13, 9A. M.
■ .83" For farther particulars apply to
: - ..i ... ;V , A. FORGET, Agent.
. ' No. 3. Bowilng Green. New York.
J. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San -Francisco. - . .
"WHITE^TAR urn
United -States and Royal Mall Steamers
BETWMS
New York, Queenstown& Liverpool.
• SAILING JKVKIti WjKKK..
CABIN, AND UPWARD, ACCORD- £Ojgm.
lag to steamer and accommodations *£fcs2
selected' second cabin, #i!i 60 and i 6U;ilaj>i
•mil Teutonic. " Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, ; bweden. Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. *. Tickets,
sailing dates - and ' cabin plans : may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tn«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market stress,
BBder liraud Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
■"-,?• . General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No.. 3, Washington St..
At 6 F. M, Daily. Freight received -op
■;-. :..i to i:S )V. M.
j(3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only Hue selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all .. poin:s oa :. Valley
Railroad. STKAMERS:
STKAMKRS:
T. C. , Walker, • J. D. Peter*,
Mary dan-art. . ' City of Stockton.
". Telephone Main 805. ' Cat. >»'■ u>:d Imps. Ca
FOR YALLEJO m U. S. lAYT-T.4&BL
STISAMEK "JIOSTICEiLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday & bun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p it
>aiurdays.-:.-.'.r.".....~:.'.r:;..i*10:30A. m., 4 p. it
Sundays.-:.":;..'.';.... ,.'....'........'.....- ..."..:8 p. it
• Landing Mlgslon-stree; bocx, Pier 2.'
i ; , Telephone C:aclc 231. /.•:.:-
•Trip gives 6 hours »:op u.'. Navy- Yard.. ,
FOR 819iO.SE, LOS 6ATOS ft SAIT.4 CRUZ
S TEAMEKAL VISO' LEAVES. PJER 1 MO\-
-0 aay. Wednt-sday. Friday, at lv a. it Alviao
1 uesriar. Thursday. Sntarday. at 3P. v. Freigiit
and Passenger. . Fore between ' «an Franci.sco and
A. visa 60c: . to i Baa Jose, 75,.. , clay mi. pPr. r ll
ao W. &*om gi»r»4t., ajiu Ju4* ,^ "T!-.r.'! r *
1112
FAVORITES FOILED
AT EMERYVILLE
The Uncertainties of the
Game Expensively
Illustrated.
Adam Andrew Dropped the First
to Lost Girl, a 20 to
1 Shot.
George Palmer Took a Race in a Game
Finish From Swe?t William— W.
Martin Piloted Formal.
— >
Two favorites won at the track across
the bay yesterday, and that's pretty- good.
Several others had narrow escapes from
getting over the line in front, but that's
poor consolation for their backers. There
was the usual attendance of regulars
present and » goodly sprinkling of the
fair sex in the grand stand, who shivered
through six chapters of racing, lor the
weather indicated that the mercury in the
thermometers was trying to land a hard
right-hander on zero.
The betting was crisp, sparkling and
newsy. On several of the events carded
the men on the biock acted as though they
knew something, handling the coin as a
landlubber at sea would a porterhouse
steak. The gentry with the leather sacks
and a "stiade" took the train for homa
wreathed in smiles, and it is more than
likely the talent contributed again.
Seventeen tnree-year-olds tried the pa
tience of the crowd while at the post in
the opening five and a half furlong scram
ble. Aaam Andrew was a 7to 5 choice,
but was beaten out quite easi^by Lost
Girl, a 15 to 1 shot ridden by "Mike"
Hennessy. Cappy with Sam up was a
good third.
At kin & Lottridge's Double Quick was
considered the mos-t eligible of tue fifteen
entries to the" six-lurlone run that fol
lowed, and was played down from twos to
6to 5 favoritism. Isabelle showed a high
turn of speed to the stretch, where she
collapsed, and Boreas, an 8 to 1 shot,
tnking command, proved ac easy winner
over the first choice. Abi P was tnird.
The third run, a five and a half furlong
spin, was another lengthy affair as far as
entries were concerned. Twelve galloped
over the post witn the Spreckels entry
George Palmer a 7 to 5 favorite in the bet
ting. He won by sheer gameness and not
through the good riding of H. Martin.
Taking matters altogether too easily, Mar
tin awoke from his reverie the last fur-
Jong and beat out the other Martin astride
Pat Dunne's colt Sweet William a head in
a perspiration-raising finish. It was al
t'ogetber too close for comfort and health.
Ezekiel, a 25 to 1 chance, took a shy at
tne pot and was lapped on the second
horse.
Collins, the brown gelding, furnished a
sad disappointment in the mile and a fur
long seliing event. He opened equal fa
vorite at 3 to 2 in the betting with Fortuna
and closed a slight favorite over her at the
close. Sloan had tne leg un, ana if Col
lins was possessed of any spoed refused to
disclose ft, for he carried the target from
end to end. Monita, a 60 to 1 shot, was
first into the stretch, when Fortuna passed
the outsider and in a drive passed the
stand a neck in advance of Doyle and the
outsider. The distance was covered in 1:55.
Force of circumstances compelled .Midlo
10 win the ti;th number on the pro
gramme, a scven-furiong affair decided
under selling conditions. Formal, with
Willie Martin up, was an even ;noney
choice, but the wise coin wentin on Midlo,
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Tuesday, January 12. Twenty-ninth
day of the winter meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
O'TX iIKST KACt- Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; for th re-year-olds; purse (300.
Ind. I
~~294~
2£9
2.4.
287
;-41
294 I
361
318 i
' 2»7
287 j
310 I
534
187
Lost Girl 107; 5
Adam Andrew... ll2 9
Cappy .110 8
Defender 105 6
Play Boy 102 7
i Undendale- 100 4
Imp Mistral 11... 112 12
Green eaf 113 13
Liclc Boy .105 1 :
Widow Jones 10U 14
j Autocrat. 10- 3
Ingleside.. 109 15
Th- Tourist 105 2
Bed Korlc 103 11
<rvaUls 110 10 '
Cheridah 1...100 16 i
jLauraßurt 107 17
Horse,
welght-
!
!
I
I !
i
V*
6 V, **/»
85 ! 51
5 h 32
2 Vi 1 h
10 8
1 b 10
7^ 7
91/2 12 '
4 1 2h
■A a. 9
14 6
124 14
13 . 11
114 13
15 15
16 16
17 17
I Str.
i
I
Fin. Jockey.
1 5 Hennessey
2 2 i Thorpe ....
3 1 ; Dugftett .....
4 2 G01den..........
6% H.Martin.
6Vi Frawley
7 Freeman I
8 P0we11..... I
9 shephard .
10 C1aw50ti.. ....:. !
11 H*eve5........v. ;
12 isiaugh.er
13 Thompson...... ,
14 G. Wi150n.......
15 J. Nuivaoz.
16 R. lEom
17 spencer... ;
15 20
6-5 6-5
6 r 4
■ 8 20
20 30
60 100
5 9-2
100 200
; £>U * do
! 20 30
210 600
SO 60
30 100
100 200
tO 10)
16 -.'5
; 10 15
i 1.
::::::..
i
........
;
........
|
287 |
357 |
::::::-::
i i
1 ..
Good start.
V* on easily.
Winner, A. Martin & Co/sen. I. by Sobrarue-h>- Tyrant. Time. 1:091,4.
•jy/* bi.CO.ND KACK— Three-quarters of a mile; selllug: four-year-olds and upward: purse »350.
Index.
358
113
332
293
18t>
SSI
293
351
290
295
135
332
338
361
Vii
Boreas, 6 102
Double t,uick. 4.. 99
AU P,a X.'6
Isabella, 4 94
Me Noc, 4 94
Tonlno, 4 98W
sooladaln, 5 )00
Irma. 5 97
Koadrunn r, a 110
Heagan. 5 99
Myrou.s 107
Henry Ci rattan, 4.1 1-4
ilanjo, b. 9*
Je»s;e O, 4 109
Jake X uer, 4. .103
Horse, age, weight.
St. 1/4 %
1 ah
8 ........ 41
2 ........ 71*
6 lh
I 3 oh
! 4 51
i 10 10 i/t
B 6V«
14 18
!15 :. 13 h
13 12 h
9 91
11 14
12 8 h
I 7 11 1
■82*
3 2
6 "
\ 6
11
7
16
13
V*
9
14 .
4 h
10
Str. I Fin.
1 4
32
43
9 3
8
5
l'»
6
7
15
14
9
13
12
11
1 3
2 3
3 1
6 1i
7
8
9
10
11
IS
13
14
15
U. ilartin
C'lawson
Thorpe
Frawley
tsom
>oiaa..:
Golden.
H01me5.....
Doggeu
W00d5...... ....
SnepbaxdV..
Bergen
pencer. ......:.
Pjwell.... ......
J. WH50n.......
BetthlK.
Op. Cl.
i 7"
2
3
ID
6
20
60
40 •
I 6
100
50
10
10
100
luO
8
6-a
7-2
15
15
60
200
• 100
6
,200
ZCO
M 2
20
50
160
start. Won easliy.
Winner, C.
br. h.. by
Time, l:l5Vi
H77 THIKD HAI
of a mile; three-year-olds: purse $3jO.
Index. | Horse and weight.
367 George Palmer... 109
• 3iB sweet William. ..ll'J
(287) Kzekiel..... ......112
>&7 t*dy L00ram....107
257 Senator Morgan.. 109
324 Investigator H1.. 109
294 Draught 112
{271)lMarcle A 107
372 Mystic Maze.....; 112
........ KannteS ....110
294 KmellaS. 107
Ganoder 112
I 3
4
2
5
1
P>
7
9
8
10
11
12
S!
i
I
i
I
I*"."""
51
ft
4b
3h
- ttn
91
7 2
8 1
1 12
5 I
12
2 b
3%
71*
7 1
91
«Vi
H^
10 1
11
12 X,
5 2
1 4
3 2
4 V 2
2%
?8
63
8 10
9 2
10 1
11
12 t
Str.
lh
2V 2 ]
4 5 4 Va
8 10
t 10 I
1O2.» i
1 1 20
12
H. Martin.:;...
W. Martin......
|Ilenne6sy ".
Thompson.....;
-pencer. ........
D0^geit... ......
Jockey.
8-5
8 5
20
15
2«
8
12
60
100
100
60
100
6-5
20
40
40
6
20
60
160
200
100
iOJ
:
Coady ......
Thorpe.'.
P. Sullivan.....
J. Karvaez.:....
Sbephard.....:.
J. Sullivan
I
Good start. Won driving. Wliu.er, A. B. b. g.. by Kcuador-Kiitli? Guun. Time, 1 :083^.
OTQ FOURTH RACt— One and an eighth miles; four-year-olas and upward; purse $400.
I '.■••■: I I ' iii ■ ■ • ■
Intf. none, age. weight, i St. Sid. ! Vi Va A s tr. I Jin. I Jockeys."
(358) lonium, a. ...... 104 8 1 14; 21» 2 1 2V, lh In i Jones ;. V ~~ '
362 i cjle. 6... IU2 1 2h 4% 4 1 44 . 44 .2h S.auebter
:-62 Moritta.a. 108 43 V 3 1V? 1* 1 1 /* 23 34 Thorpe
370 Mulel'ilpole, a.. 3(2 24% 3 lV a 3 2 33 32 4a VK. Martin.".".."
229 | Culling. 6_.. 102 5 5 5 „ 5> - 5 5 5 < T.Sloan ": '
Heulug.
Op. Cl.
, (358) 1-onuim. a.. ...... 104 3 1 */*' 2 1 21 2 1/4, |lh In Jones... .. 3-2 s 9-5
3«2 i oyle. 6... .102 1 2h 4% 4 1 44 . 4 4 .2h S,aushter 21)' 15
:-;G2 Moulin, a. 108 43 Va IV2 1*» IV* 23 34 Thorpe '"...".'.. 20 15
370 MuleCiipole, a.. 3(2 24 V 3 3IV 3 2 33 32 42 - H. Martin" " 5 i
. 229 | Culling. 6_.. 102 5 5 , 5 .. |5 ■ - 5 [5 6 T.510an......".'..-; 3-2; 3-2
Good stall. Won drlvli.g. \\ Inner, J. Carroll's br..m., a., by.imp. i rutus-Violu Rea. '1 ime, 1:55.
8-9 9-5
2U 1 5
20 15
5 4
::-2 3-2
379.
;it'TH
selling; tour year-olds and upward; purse
_ JcJn. Bone, age, weight. ■ St.
245 Midlo, 4.. .:. 99 1
• .Ci Formal, 4.........110 3
V 45 Braw Kolt, «... 98; 2
358 Geo. Hose. 5..;...104 ft'
■■ 1.85 ccmmttsion. a... 96 7
365 J*.ck Kichellea.a-101 4
318 Peril. a.....\...... 99 9
S(Ji r-et alette, 4.... S-9 6
........ Mamie I:. 4..V...105 10
275 1 helm a. a........ 96 _8
Good Btarc Won u riving. \v
Light. Time, 1:28.
V*
! " *
*/*
Betting. I
Op. • CI.
1 3
3h
2 1
7 1
4 h
8 2
"8*
10
5 1
1 3
2h
V.I
81
6h
98
4 Vij
73
10
5 h
1 4
2 1
3 3
72
5h
8 1
10
_6b
16
2 i
3 10
61
41
61
7 2-
-9
10 '
8
.In
2 4
84
4 V,
5 b
6 10
7 2
8 10
9
10
J0ne5.'........;..
W. Mart lii ..*.:.
slaughter. ;■.■....
H. Martin......
iClawson ;..:.:.:
>peDcer..; ...•;..
K. 1»0m.......v.
J. W00d5. ......
v h nnrd :.."...".'.
K. De unison .
3
1
8
10
-80
00
10
100
UK)
7
a
i
15
40
51)
SOO
15
300
iOO
10
S-.
, BIXTHKACh-1
of a mile; selling;
(350. -j
Index.
340 Kosebnd. 5 »M/ 2
360 Olive, 5 305
298 Kowh.sk.v, 4... !»»
:64 Kuvong, 6 102
353 -i. Aignon. 4. .104
881 lira >lur|.hy,a.jO4
349 i'.liie Hell. a....1U6V»
563 contrition, 5... 102
Horse, «ge, weight. ;
— Vi % "
,'i i h
3 4h
1 6 4
6 76
I :::::::: I*
4 :;...... 32
6 ....:vA •; -lili ,
%
■??*
6 2
8
71
6 h
32 -
1 li;
1 3
2 I)
3%
bW
61/(,
7 V «
8
Str.
1 2 "
w
4 h
6J/S,
630
76
8
Jones :::'^l7^T,
H. Martin.:....
Hausnur.......
spencer
11. 8r0wn.......
< 1aw50n;....;.;
Bozeman ..*.*..'.
'ihomfihoa.;.".':;
Bottlng.
op. la.
6-5
a
4
30
20
4
30
30
86
3
3
60
20
'•■•V- 7
CO
20
Uooa start. Won very oatidily.
Time. I:J6.
it Waierhouse'ii eh. ni., by
the second choice, and he led throughout,
stepping over the line a neck ahead of the
easily rid ien choice.
The final sis-furlong sprint resulted in a
handy win for the 8 to 5 favorite Rosebud,
which showed first almost throughout the
running, finally winning by a couplf of
lengths from Olive. Kowalsky was beaten
but half a length for the place.
SO I 4.
There was quite a strong play on Mis
tral 11, carrying George Rose's colors.
The colt ran flatteringly to the stretch,
where he began to wobble badly, finish
ing beyond the money.
Jack Riley, the noted tipsier, had a
dream in which he fancied Link Boy a ten
time winner. Dreams cenerally go in re
verses, and this one proved no exception.
Charley Thorpe is rapidly becoming the
most popular rider in California. Whether
he sits asiride a iongshot or a favorite the
horse receives liberal backing and gener
ally gets a piece of the money. Tbe man
ner in wliich Charley hustled along the
rank outsider Monita was invigorating in
the extreme.
Mrs. N. Bißhop, whoever that lady may
be, possesses quite a good colt in Ezekiel,
and if the son of Emperor of Norfolk
would always pursue the money with as
much energy as he did yesterday he
would command greater respect in the
betting ring.
Mike Hennessv, who had the mount on
Ezekiel in the third event, was kicked in
the foot by Emeiia S and quite severely
injured while the field was at the post
and the entry of that filly will in future
be refused at the Oak. and track.
The track at Oakland is altogether two
hard and horsemen in generaf are com
plaining. Record smashing may serve as
a good advertising medium, but it brings
no coin into the pockets of owners witn
horses possessing unsound or "suspicious"
legs. As a result of it. Fortuna pulled up
lame and Little Cripple demonstrated by
his showing that hordes cannot run over
it two days in succession to good advan-
tage.
The Collins people had their check")
down on the gelding, but the track was
evidently too hard for his liking. • He
could not untrack himself at any stage of
the journey.
Braw Scot was on his best behavior at
the post yesterday and ran a corking Rood
race. Somebody said that Barney Schrei
ber told the old gray that if be did not act
pretty in future he would send him back
to Woodland to be used as a horse of all
drudgery.
Away irom the post better Tim Murphy
would have been second and possibly bet
ter beyond a doubt. Stoney Clarke bad
new magenta colors up on the old sprinter,
but they did not seem to change his luck.
Willie Martin, the Napoleon of the sad
dle, furnished another of those rides on
| the back of Formal, odds-on choice for the
I sixth race, that so endeared him to far
j eastern racegoers and ingratiated him in
i the favor of the high turf officials in that
i part of the country. Possessed of the
patience of a professional fisherman he
waited and waited, and then waited again
with Pal Dunne's chestnut and was beaten
out a neck by M dlo. Willie is quite a
i critic himself at the slumbering rides of
other jockeys, so it is said, and it is no
more than right that the cook should eat
some of his own contriving.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First race, selling, on* mile.
315 Tuxedo 109 154Flusn Ban... 107
860 Arnette 110 369 GamecocK 113
353 Petrarch 107 3> 9 Warrago. I»>7
3t9 Jack Martin.... lo4 218 Vally 104
297 Billy McclOiky.lo7 251 Mike Kice 104
282 reriCnlld 104 , 365 Jackßicbelteu.ll2
Second race, selling, time-quarters of a mile.
128 Heartsease 104 266Vin;I»» A.. ...... 104
350 Examiner jO9 235 lion Pto P1c0...10«
■-93 Monterey 112 J69 I ast Chance.... 109
893 Iron Jacket. . .109) 364 Marling ....107
378 Toniuo. 106 371 fly .....109
283 America. ......107 369 Mr Richard.. '..l l -'
351 Miss Kuth......104 3bO Olive 107
341 San Marco 109 365 Minnie Cee.....107
iB2 BU Chi.t H6 833 Applause., 107
361 l*ecicsnln*....;..lla !>77 Jake Rauer....iott
Third race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles.
378 Monitu 104 377 Koadrunner....lo7
343usierJoe 109 3.0 Lovdal 107
326 Bydlßandldos.K2
Fourth r^ce, seven-elgotbs of a mile, the Nagiee
seiiiiiK stakes:
(285)Chartr.nise 11.. 95! 328 Peril 95
37- Mt JjcOrec 11.106 317 Sweet F»vor«1lel00
(3>4)Sa.vaole 101. 348 Key del Tierra. 84
(372) Back wa 109: (.:;71)Cftiiforui» 99
h4O In-ston 109J 355 Salisbury IUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
Fifth race, hurdle handicap, one and a quarter
mflea:
319 HuntsmaD 136 356*Proart 8i110w.. .125
3t6 II Fl 139 242 Zaragosa 132
366 Hello 143 291 Ke aiupago 135
260 Irup.Au:onomylV!6J(33s)Three i'0rk5....167
h:->2 Fleetwood 1 371 329 Haymarket....l4J
180 JOC 148| 347 Candor 136
sixth i ace, nurse, three-quarters of a mile:
299 Miss Baker 105! (278) P F 112
281 Irtnciple 112| a 73 D. J. Tobin 112
22S Fernaidillo 107 .... Jacko' LauternlOU
5:89 Candelaria... .115 326 Koy CarruthersllO
339 Personne 115|
SELKCXIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Jack Martin, Unity, Ar
nettfl.
Second race— Applause, Minnie Coe,
Fly.
Third race— Ostler Joe. Lovdal, Bey
del Bandidos.
Fourth race — Mount McGregor 11,
Buokwa, California,
Fifth race— No selection.
Sixth race— Ca-idelaria, Miss Baker,
Bernard illo.
TWO QUICK STUDIES.
George Osborne and Walter Belasco
Learn Their Roles as the Play of
"Chispa" Progresses.
At the Alcazar Theater last night George
Osborne performed a remarkable feat of
memory which in the last act"of "Chispa"
won him the enthusiastic applause of the
house.
Hugo Toland, who was cast for Zek*
Stevens, the heaviest role in "Chispa," is
suffering from a severe attack of laryngitis.
On Monday night he played bs part with
difficulty, btit last night, shortly before
the time for the performance to begin, he
lost his voice so comoletely that he was
unable to speak. A hasty change in tne
cast was therefore ma ■'**, George Osborne
assuming the part of Zeke Stevens and
Walter Belasco taking Osborne's role of
the Indian.
Both actors conned their lines during
the moments that they were not on t c
stage, and made sucn quick study that
Belasco, who had the smaller part, kept
ahead of the performance all the time, and
it was not till the fourth act that Osborne
anpeared with his book. There was a
titter as he struggled to rea t some of tbe
melodramatic lines by the glimmer of the
footlights, whereupon Osborne stepped
forward and explained that he had been
learning his part as tbe play progressed.
Loud apdatise greeted this announce
ment, after which Osborne stepped into
the wincrs and some of the other actors
held the stage for a few minutes, while he
learned tne rest of his lines. Both Os
borne and Belasco acted their hastily
conned parts admirably.
WANTED FOR BIGAMY.
Charles I). Smith Deserted His Wife In
Portland and Married a Young
Woman Bore.
The police of this . City and Portland,
Or., are making every effort to trace the
whereabouts of Charles D. Smith, an en
gineer, who is wanted on the charge of
bigamy.
Smith left a wife and two children in
Portland on November 28 in destitute cir
cumstances and came to this City. He
was only here a lew days when a friend,'
Samuel Martin, introduced him to Julia
F. O'Kane, a saleswoman in the Empo
r urn.
Smith represented himself as an unmar
ried man and paid such marked attention
to Miss O'Kane that when he proposed
marriage to her on December 22 he was
accepted, and next day he procured a
license and they were married by Rev.
Father Hannigan of St. Mary's Cathe
dral. They went to live at thf, Lexington.
Two days later a sister of the bride met
Martin and told him that Smith had mar
ried Julia. Martin was astonished and
told her that Smith had a wife and two
children in Portland. Tne bride's mother
called upon Smith for an explanation,
and he admitted that he was a bigamist.
Smith disappeared on December 31. tak
ing $s—all5 — all the money It is wife had — and
her cold watch and chain wiih him. He
declared hi 3 intention of going to Mex'.co.
Nobility in Court.
There was a congregation of European no
bility in the United States Circuit Court yes
terday foreuoon. Lord Sholto Donglaß ap
peared in the role of prosecutor in an action
for libel ngainsi Thomas Flynn and the Wasp.
He objected to Dcing held up to ridicule in
Mr. Flynn's comic weekly, and ho considered
that his leeiinß* and family name had been
injured to the extent of $50,000. The other
represemative o.' nobility was the Baron yon
Shroedt r who appeared as the defendant ia
an infringement of patent case. Both cases
were continued.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BrsiXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call-
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
OEtil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
13 6 Xinth street, onen until 9:30 o'clock.
M>XlCt; Or &i.fc..fcXiJ»Cr3.
!3t^=* ' MISSION LODGE NO. 189. F. 0
lE-*' and A. 3L— Called meelinz THIS • i 5%
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:S0"?Klf
o clock, Jtirs. decree. By order of the W./vi
M. I^D^IICKKKK, Secretary.
IKgS 3 CROCKETT LODGE~NoTiS97f. b —
&->^ aud A. M.— CallPd m«e lug THIS JPk
WEUSKSBAY, at 7:31) o'clock. Second If 2f
degree. By order or the W. M- . •■••-. f^^\
■::-■ >■..■■■ HFORTRIEDE; Secretary.
B^3&» hXUELMUK LllDUfc KU. 16d. B
B-^ F. and A M. -Special meeting A
THIS (WED.VESDvY) EVENING. Jan-^f V
nary 13, at 7:30 o'clock. Sec mil rtegree./^/\
'I'llE.j. E. i-MITH, Secretary.
•^3s=* MOUNT MUKIAII .LODGE NO. ft • '
w-*^ 44. F. :and A. M.— Meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) KVEJSIXG, at 7:So^f 3f
o'clock. First degree. . ' . /^jrY
TUEO. FROLICH, Secretary^
SPS" OiFICn.RBANDMEM.-KHS •,. S(fcto , / ,
ft-*' of Franco- American,. \ ml^i , Cvl3Kl-
No. 'JO?, I. i). O. F., arc quested to
ntiend the fu'ifral THURSDAY, Jan- ' : < -VinS?~-
uary 14. at 2 p. m , of our late brother, LOUIS
BITKUX. By order L. L. BENNY, JS. G.
•R. Lavixoue. Secretary. ■" .
R^fs* G^OGR APH ICA L SOCIETY OF TH E
«*««'-. Pacific— The annnel • rlt ctlon . of dinctors
aud couucilois of this society will Le held on
TUKSDAY, 19th insi.. at the rooms, Merchants'
Exchange building. Polls open irom noon till 6
p.m.; By order --. - - . < -■
GKORGK DAVlDSON, President.
John Partbidok, secretary. '-" ■ ;. ,
|t^- THE ANNUAI/ MKr.TINU . OK THE
•»-*' stocKholiers of ihe spring Valley Water
Works will be held at 12 ; o'clock, noon, < on
WhDXKSDAY. the 13 h day of January, 1897,
at ihe office of the president of the company, 608
California ; st., Sun Fraud -co, for' the ejection of •
trustees and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting. 'J--W-'
-•;■• '^ ? : (Tl'li.Llt AMi W. a ME.-, Secretary.
ESjfiP THE ANN UA LM KB TING OF THE AS-
»-*^ sociatlon of the Hospiißl for Children J and
'I rainl hi: School lor .Nurses will be held at the hos-
pital, 3700 California su, THURS AY, January
14, tt I:3J P. M. MKS J. W. KERR,
' ■ ■•'-;.•; ' Recording secretary pro em. ; '
ft^S 1 DUTCH iiINI.NO AND Mli LINO
Sb^S" Co-npany— Ther.-^ular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Dutch Wining and Milling
Company will heM at the office of. the com-
pany, rooms 67 ana 68, Stevenson building, scuih-
-west 'orner California «nd : Montgomery streets
San Francisco; Cai., on MONDAY, the; 18th d , v
of January, 1897, at 2 o'clock p. it , for , ihefi.ur-
pof.e of fleeting a ooarrt of director* ; to serve for
: the Ptisuincryvar and for the transaction of such
other i buslnei-8 as may - do X brought t before ", the
moetlne. Transfer book* close Tuursday. Janu-
try 14, 1697, «t 4 o'clock p. m.^:. ■-:
r.j... I O.TKITTKNBACH. 1 President.
- .-i?.«^J, Geohor W. Gerhard, Secretary.
. Fan Frantlsco, January 7, 1897. ■::.•;
St^g 3 AX.NUAJ MEETINU-THE REGULAR
•***.-. annual meetl of ihe stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be he.d at the
ofhee of :tho rompan . S-^7 Market street, San
Francisco, Cai, on TUURSDA V, the 21st day of
January. 1897, at th« hour of 11 o'clock a. M. f < r
the purpose of el- cling a board of ' directors;' to
serve for the o."sum« year and; ih» transaction of
»uch oiher business as may come before the meet-
inn. Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'cock M : ' ■', .
- >> ; v »"-'r^. r. H.SHELPQN. Tcretxrr. '■
■ U'tci a ;- .^iittv : ;
IPS' I A DIA OPIUM . CU KE FOX i $26 : PER-
*-*' fecily hnrm.es^; ladles treated at home. B."
D. KIMMIS. 916 Mantel st.. Columbian. Building.:
jt^gr* "BAL> i IUSA A 1 -■» ,; jcJ tCT>.i.» ; to*. »4
» s "* 5 collect lorn made, city *i or country. "«' i'aclti: •
Collection Co.; 415 iloatgy st., room & « Tel. j 66b0.
V. SPECIAL ! NOTlCES— Continued.
•Sr^S=> SAN FRANCISCO, OAL., JAN. 11, 1897.
Bf-C, The orphans and half-orphans that were re-
ceived -into; st. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
Asylum since July 1, 1896, - ; to January 1, 1897, ;
are as following: Orphans, females— >-Jla Andrew.,
age 4 years: I Teresa Melissa, age 9 years; Nellie
Allen, v age 8 years; ;• Echo Allen, age 5 , years:
Phoebe , Allen, . age 2 years. 6 months: Marie St.
Clalr, age 1 hour. Half orphans, temalts— Mamie
OFarreil, ; age 7 yeai s: ; Henrietta O'Farrell, age 3
y»ars:sNe!iie O'Farrell, age 5 years: Katie Dillon,
age ; 12 ; years; irene * Cambeil - age 6 * years 'll
months: >. Nellie Stocking. • age 110 years; v Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years: M.llle Crowiey, age 10
years; ; May ; Crowley, age* 2 years: 'Etnel Crow-
ley, age V year; Rena Matti, ag | 9 years males-
Frank Hopper, age 7 yeais;> Charlie Hopper, age 5
years: Frank Kane. age 4 years; EdiießurK, age
8 years; j^ouis Bur*, age 6 years; Dante Matti,
ate 7 years: Robert Maul, age 4 years: Frank
Maul, age , 2 1 years 6 months: George Dillon," age
1 Tear 6 months.;, .--.- ;."-. \:/ '.:'::'..- :
■^5* THE SECRET A OF THE SAN
»*^ £ ' Francisco' Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives notice that the following orphan
and half-orphan giris and boys have been admitted
to the ins iiution from July 1, 1896, to January 1,
1897: } Ncra • Percher, 6V2 years: .' Emma i^oe-
br;dge, 11 years: Acnes M. Gunner. 11 years:
Mable Thomas, 10 years; Mary Thomas, 7 years;
Anni*.lToroa>, a years; Kosa Capureui. 8 years:
Gladys Meyer, 12 years; Carrie Louffler, 12 years;
Theresa Casenare. : 12 years: ■ Lucy- Clement,' 7
years: Nettie Woods, 12* years: >■ Elsie Garatt. 12
yearn: Grace Garatt, 11 years: Julia Muhiiol 31/3
years: ballna Muhllof. 2 years; Ros* Wilmot, 9
years: Henry Welsman, 7 year-: Rowland Adams,"
14% : years: Harry Jondshl. 8 years; Louis Cnpu-
cettl, 7 years: rank Capucetti, 6 years; Thomas
Casenare. 10 years: Leonard ' Casenare, 8 - years:
George 5 W. Ault, 6 years; Eugene F. Mulling 5
years; Artbir Garatt, 8 years; Walter Garatt. 5
years: Philip Weeks, 7Va years: Robert. Mullin. 3
years; Charles Wilmot, 7 years:. Daniel names,
131/2 years. ■- ,;. ,■■ ■. ;-.'.■:,■ .-.•■' -. . ■..'. .
(jt^» .\OTICE IS HERKUY t.IVKX THAT
! »-»' . the Maria Kip - Orphanage : of 638 . Folsom
i-t., >an Francisco, ca!., has received the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from Oc-
tober 1: to L-ecember 31, 1896: Henrietta Ham-
mer, aged 1 year and 8 months: : Violet Herring,
aged 1 ytar and 8 months; Louise V. R. Howard,
a<ed 12 years; ■. Hazel L. J^anghorne, aged 1 year
and 6 o.ith.s; Almina FreDKer, - aged 11 years:
Olga Frenger. aged 9 years; Alfreda Fren-er, aited
.7 years: Lena C. Claussen.aged B years: Catherine
Cotighlln, aged '13 years: > > m ma M. Anderson,
aged 4 years; Florence Cramer, aged <31- years;
;Dulce F. . Murray, aged 12 years: Jessie Lynch,
aged 8 years; Inacta Renterla, aged 6 years; Flora
L. McDonala. aged 3 years- . .
St^xS 1 ABANDONED CHILDREN IN ST.
Sf--= ? Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, from July
1. 1895, 10 Dec. 31, 1896: John Dyer, a«e 6
years; Loretta DYer, as;e 3 years; Milton Dyer,
awe 2 years; Francis Madden, ago 6 years; Mag-
gie Fitzgerald, age ' 6 years: Harry Wahl, age 5
years; Barney Joselyn, a. c 3 years. .
DIVIDED NOTICES.. '
aS3p DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
Sr^s 1 39 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the ofiics of the Com pan
327 Market street, on and after Friday, January
-22,-1837.' .-:-. .— '., ■
Transfer books will close Saturday, January 16,
1897. at 12 o'clock m. I - •
..■■ E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ffc^s» DIVIDEND NOTICE— NEVADA
EMS' Bank of . San Francisco . The board. of di-
rectors of this bank have : declared a dividend
(No. 10) for the quarter ending December 81,
1896, at the rale 01 six (6) per cent per annum,
payable on and after the 15th of Janna y. Trans-
fer-books will be closed from the lOib. to the 15th
inst., both days IncIusive. WWWWWBiWWBBBMB
- '.- / D B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. January 8, 3 837. '
It^f tOR THE HALF MONTH ENDING
fists' Decemb-r 31. 189 1", a dividend of 33y 8
con. a per share 01 the Issued capital stock of the
E.i Wo : l.lclit and Power Company has been de-
olared payable on the 15th day of January, 1897.
'i r-nsfer oooks will c ose at 5 o'clock on January
8.1^97. By order of the b< 11 id of directors of the
EdlLoa Light ana Po aer Ci mp ny.
a;- J K. RivtON. secretary.
1 1 it A TICKS W AN TJSD- FEMALE.
WOMAN WITH 2 CHILDF.N 6 AND . 8
years old, desires situation in country; good
coot; 10; references. MISS CULLEN, 323
butter st. . ,
pOMPETENT WOMAN LATELY FROM THE
\J East desires situatfon: is a fine American cook
and a nice laundress: kind 10 children ; will work
in city or country. Call 1024 Howard, room 26.
RESPECTABLE GIRL OF 19 WISHES A
XV place to do light housework and plain cooking
In good American family; no children. Call or
address t'i- Jones st. ; reference if required.
KFIN ED YOUNG' GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
XV assist light housework, - where she will be
treated as one of the family: - home mure of an
object than wac,es. Home, box 74, Call. j
Y OUNG WOMAN WANTS ANY ; KIND OF
X housework by the day; also washing and
cleaning. Address LIXDALL. 109 Silver St., bet.
Bryant and Harris n. off Third. . V
TT'LDERLY PROTESTANT WOMAN, GOO D
J-J American cook, wants a place to do cooking;
good home more an eject than wags. Address
Cook, box 106. Call office. '
/URL WANTS SITUATION FOR GENERAL
VJ housework; good .- cook; will work for . low
waees: ■: city reference. 10 ; Whltmoro place, off
WashinKton St.. b.et- Powell and Jmson. -
ITUATION WANTED BY A WOMAN WHO
is a first c ass cook; .'thoroughly understands
housework; references. Call tor two days, 936^3
Howard St., bet. Fifth and sixth. • ■ - -.
SITUATION WANTED -BY MIDDLE-AGED
0 woman to do housework where she can take
her cnlla of 7 years; no objection to country.
1 46^<i Fifth St. V
p ERMAN LADY. RE FIN ALSO A GOOD \
vJT seamstress, wishes to take care of Invalid lady
or go out sewing by the day. Address F.. box 73,
Call Office. ,
OUNG WOMAN, THOROUGHLY UNDER-
. stands cni<dreii's sewing, M>hrs to to out hv
the nay or will lake sewing home. Call at 772%
Harrison st. . \ ...
CIOMPHTENT MIDDLK-AGED WOMAN
) wauts to do housework: fond 01 children; wr.g s
n;od»rate; city only. 28 South Park, off lhird.
G~ IRL 15 YEAKS WISHES A SITUATION TO
vi do light housework and assist with I children;
prefers to sleep nt home. 1053 Howard st. '- .*-;:■• •
p KR.MAN GIRL WANTS PLaCE AS COOK
VT or housework: good cook. App yatll 0 Sixth
St., Stanley House, room 2- ■
! "yOUNG GERMAN GIRL' WOULD I IKE TO
X have :v place: upstairs work and sevrln?. 763
Mission st., upstairs. .. ■-..'.. -. : ; .
\7-OUNG~~Wi7MaN WANTS SITUATION AT
Xt hJ usework. Apply 4009 Twenty-fourth, c.iy.
EKMAN W \NTS SOME WORK WASHING
X nnd bousecleamni:. 522^ Ninth st. .
11 WO GIRLS WANT SITUAI lONS AT NE-
-1 ral housework in American families. 221 11th.
V'OUNG, COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES
X situation as nurseglrl. Add. O. C. 815 Lyon.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS -GENERAL
AJ housework and plain: cooking. 1614 Mission.
aUY ; »OULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
Ing aud mending at home. 181 Taylor st., rm.2.
pOLO B ED GIRL WOULD LIKE ' POSITION
\J us cbiid'i nurse, cr will do. second .vonc. ■ Ail-
dress G. C, box 108 Call Office. '.
p ERMAN, GIRL WISHES 'JO DO Gt.NEKAL
Or housework;: good cook. '' P.eaie call 1626 a'
Stock. on it ;-.:." ". v ; ■::'
pOMPETENT GIKL WISHES SITUATION
\J lor ■ housework; is good . coo* and laundress:
city o- country, 406 Minna at.,' near Hftu.
/ 1 ERMAN. NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENT
VJ by l*dv in conflnetnent,' sick lady and chil-
dren. Address Nurse, box 106. Cal Office." . '
C COMPETENT WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSI-
\J lion aj took and laundress in private family.
Call for 2 days 30li^ Hayei St. ;\ ;
WOMAN W TH .A ? CHILD WOULD LIKE i
light worn in 'respectable: lodging-house - for
room und board. Addn at 61 5 Lariclii st. ;■' - .
\V A.\TEb— LADY OF KXPKRIENCE, WITH
;- ■»» cooa recommendations, a situation in lawyer,
doctor or dentist . office.'. Address -M. D., box 6,
Call Office. Oakland.:, V ■'.■' •; ■-. .. .
\\r SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
•"*,' ' by a nudd.e-a«ed lady In ; widower's -family;
city or i ouniry; best of references.. Call at 516
Eighth si., Oakland., ... -. . • .: :' ', ..'-■.'..
\\l -"NTEi— A.FEWi'MOHE PLACES FOrt
;. ' » •'.. day work, house cleaning.' etc., by young Ger-
man woman. Addresi MRS. HIcKnEY, • 602
Howard gt.. near second.' ; -; •'",•:.
lady" would like a few children
-I to board; good care: pleasant location. C2O
Gi crrero bet 1 i ihteenih aud Nineteenth.', ■',
"y OUNG LADY' SITUATION FoR
1 -1- housework and '- cooking- : wages $16. :, Call at
1132VJ; Broadway. ' , ; ; -. - ,\
SWK UISII GIKL WISHES sIMIATION ;- IN
private ifinily: upstairs or Renerol housework:
has j lint-class refereaces. X Please call at ' 210y 3
C iiru st., near Fifth. -.:.'; ;••-.
WEDISU GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
general houspwork: '-.- Jewisli and American
cooking: wages 926; city referenced. . Call Tues-
day and Wednesday at ' 170 Market St.; room 80,
fourth uoor. • ' : ; - • '.''■':,-■ ,
OUNG LaDY" FROM THE EA-T WOULD
lUc a situation as housekeeper; 1 city or coun-
try. r; Apply loBa Fourth st., room 2.;. \'? J -::1--JZ-1
1 T A TION WANTI-.D BY. YOUNG GIRL IN
0 Catholic family to h.shu and <; car? of children.
. 1 lease tall 419 c Natoma St., near Fifth. : : ■;. "; :
COMPETENT YOUNG ' WOMAN y WISHES ; A
/situation cooking and housework in; American
family ; , b«-st reference. 1 1538 clay, near Larkin. ;--
KRTaITgIKL WISHES A SITUATION- AT
general housework.' Call at 640 Stevenson sW
vir ANTED^a '; SITUATION; BYi'A MIDDLE-
■ *» aged German woman ' for upstairs '. work and
the care otcilldren, or would tßke. the entire care
of an Infant; best references. Apply kt 474 Jessie
st. between Fifth and Sixth. : -. ;■.'.-. . ■ ;;r %
RESPKC ABLE, COMPETENT ' WOMAN
'Xt 5 wants totio general? housework: city or conn-
try; American family. ; 18jV Mission et-riV :■'; ...
ELlAJiLfci woman who IS a GOOJ> cook
wishes a situation; wlil do- llaht housework,
and is kind ; to \ children: fi will «ork tor 1 moderate
wages. r ; Address : last employers, r 3886 Twenty-
thlM st. :■{-. ■:' w .-:.;- ,■:'■;;, .-■; -, .;_■ :'y.. ...\ '■ ;"f-; ; /:
PEL AB E AMERICAN. WOMAN WISHES
J.V situ k lon to assist ; with; chl dr-n, housework
or ci'.aiuberwork: good worker, willing and oblig-
ing; wages VU. Call aficruoous, 633 u'Farrellsu
SITUATIONS ? WANTED-Contlnnori. ;..
\\r ANTED— SITUATION BY' THE DAY. AS
: " chambermaid, kitchen work, . or waitress.
Address X C., box 35, Call Office. ;
pERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK. WASH-
yj in?, ironing or cleanlue. by the day. GINS-
BERG, 162 Perry gt., bet. Third and Fourth.
pERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE BY THE
XX day, washing, ironing or honsecleantng; . 11 60 a
day. Address West, box 05, this office. . ; -.-..■;.
pOLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKE DAY'S
\J wcrk of any kind, 91 a day. or will - take wash-;
ing home. Address i9Va Church aye., be., Stock-
ion and Powell, Brua.iway and.Vailejo. : ,: -  '
OOD SEWER .WOULD LIKE PLACE IN
. dressmaking establishment; experienced. A i-
dress G., box 104. Call Office. : ;• v. '. " - j
SW COR. SIXTEENTH >!'., HEAR MlS-
sion; branch';, office of Th« Call. Sub-,
siriptlons and want ads taken.' -•■": ■..*'
V uung lady, umncumbp.red. DESIRES
X p'.ace as working housekeeper Id bachelor's or
widower's home. 1 Fifth at., room 1.
TT»XPfc.RIENCED DISHWASHER | AND A.«-
Pis: with cooking; . wages $:-:0a month: sleep
home. Address cook, 56 Natoma St., care dress-
maker. ■ , : ■■:-■'.:'/.', r ;. -.■; -..-■■<--•. v - ■.'■■..:■'■' ■■■-.'
OUNG GERMAN' GIUL WOULD LlKii A
- X position to as<Ut In light, housework. No
postals: cnll at 1d23 Powell st.
, LIR»T-CL\SS COOK ; WISHES SITUATION.
X Apply 303S Slxteen:h sU
7 1 *-{ LARKIN— OFFICE OF THE
I ID CALL: subacri nitons an 1 want ad< taken.;
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.
open uutu 9 :3J o'clock. ...- . '
\\ INLIiES 1 ER UUUbK. 44 TIIIKU IST.. NX.
'* Market: "00 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per nleht;
II 60 to s6 per week: convenient end respecuioid:
Hf-f hns «nd tn'-mr* 10 mid from th> ierrv.
fell L I AT i "6>i ; : to AKTJs.JL>— UAU.
Em^uTy^entt^ure au^leur h k
Xj payment and Business Bureau, 123 Turk st.,
bet. 1 ay lor and Jones.' fur ashes tirst-class help in
all departments; only first-class help need apply
for positions; manufacturers : and . patentees re-
quiring novelties or necessities placed before the
public through agents, please notify ; we mate this
a specialty..
UM'KK * CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
ness employ men: oflice. 17 Webb Ft., below
Krarny, nr. Cat; tel. main 231. W.C.YOI NO. m<r
pHINKSE & JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS:
V/belp:tel.malit 1997. BRA D <fcCO.. 640 Clay.
H)N'.-:SE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
) office; best help. ; 414y 2 O'Farrell. Tel. B 42«.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
d 73, St. Ann's bl Ig, 6 Ed ly St.: teL Main 5 -34. ■■.
EAT TIDY MAN WITH AKJ..Y I RAIN-
Xi in«. disciplined, having the highest recom-
mendations us to sobriety, efficiency, character,
honesty and education from . his r.-gimemal offi-
cers, who also speaks French and English fluently,
wishes a situation as watchman, janitor or coach-
man, and mnke himself generally useful around
private laroi y: exporter ed in these branches:
please give a call; salary uo object- T. R., box
109, Can Office. . ■■ .
YoUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION, ANY
X Rind of work : city or country: :. worked 2 years
In coaly ard: reference trom last employer and
o hers. ; Address JOHN A. MACDONALD, 821
Filbert St.. Oakland. "...-" '
"V" OUNG MAN WANTS PO.-ITION IN FAM-
X ily to drive and be generally useful: good gar- ■
dener; will drive delivery wagon; well acquainted
with the city. G., box 114, Call I fflce. •
IjHRST-CLASS GERMAN MEAT AND PAS-
-1 try cook for hotel, boarding-house . and restau-
rant Wishes work; low wages. AtW*«!S G. 8., box
10<5, (.all • fflce. ' .-:."•
ANTED — A FEW ROOMS OR HOUSE-
work: responsible man; or housecleanlDg:
reasonab c. :R. C. 11---7 Mission st.
SITUATION ; WjLL GO TO SEA A3 COOK OR
any mining proposition offered. J. S. , box
119, Call offie. . ; : ."; • *
1 ANICAL ENGINEER WISHKS POSI-
i'« tiou; city or, country. Address R. H., 916 Vi
Fourteenth st. 3J|!3^g -, '
XPERT MINKR WANTS WORK. 152
Perry St.. ED GINSBERG.
: "youNG swkde wants work; can DO
: X all kinds of wor< -on : fruit ranch or private
! place: is very handy with tools and horses; refer-
ences. ' Please address BERNSTEN, '/80 Natoma.
1 YV ANTED— WORK IN A HOTEL orlodg-
" ins;-liouse; can do plain • cooking, make ne is
or do upholstering. Address ALLAN, box 77, Call.
INOINO AND POINTING: GENTLEMAN
O wants Dosit on. 'or country location. Address
Teacher, 3121,4 Fulton su
"yOUNG MAN, AMKRICAN, ,WIIH THE
X best of habits and California references, wishes
position where there Is no Sunday work. Address
G. M., box 32, «all Office.,
BY YODNO ; G KRMAN. THOROUGHLY UN-
derstnndin? ctre of horses, a sitna:ion 111 pri-
vate stable Addiesi T. MEYER. 218 Kast st.
TNDUSTRIOU-s YOUNG MaN, AGK2S, WISH-
X es work: wholesale house preferred: -wages no
object Address Reliable, box 98. Call Office.
OUNG MA (22) ■; OF STEADY H A 81T.5
wishes position: bandy around electrical ma-
chinery, engines, boilers, etc; "has first-class rec-
ommendatluns aim reJereaces: will start for small
salary M., box 73, Call v .nice. '-'■"-.-..■
IDULE-AGED MAN, 5 YKaRS' XPERl-
ence, in large grocery, wants : position in
who esale lor retail he use: understands handling
and packing glassware Address D. FARRING-
TON. Cosmopolitan Hotel.- •' •:-. ';" ' .:
\,i IDDLE-AGEI* GEt.MAN WOULD LIKE SlT-
•'' uatiun in private place as coachman and gar-
dener: willing and sober; city and country refer-
ences. Address B. A., box 109. Call Office.
|L| AN AND DAUGHTER \V 1 SH~POS"ITl ON TO
i<l take ' charge of lrult ranch; * understands a.l
kinds of farm work; haudy with tools. Address
CHARLES YOUNG, box 126, Oakland..
APAN B*E COUPLE WANT POSITION AS
cook end second work; have good experience.
K. G., 608 O'Farrell «,t. ■
VrOTjIfG MAN WISHES POSITION WHERE
X there is no Sunday work. Address G. M., box
32, Call Office. ' "
pARDKNE B.GERMAN, SINGLE, OF LONG
i VJ experience In landscape gardeiilnir, . green-
bouse, riowers, orchard aud > vegetab.e-«rrowins,
with first-class references, wishes a situation in a
private place; city or country. 8.8 , box 44, Oa.l.
•_>•>(} HAVKB ST —BrtANCH OFFICE OF
! OOi7 Tub : Call; : subscriptions and want r ads
taken. •■■■■■"■-' .".'■.-,.-;.--. -■...•:■■•: -'■'.:-",.
TTOTEL PORTER, MAN (ENGLISH) ABOUT
XX place, gardener, etc.: 9-0 and found; good ref-
erences. Addresi M. S.. box 15. /
T) RANCH OFFICE OF CALL, Ib 7 NINTH
1 1) st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken. - "„•
A MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1' Call: want ads and subscriptions taken. ~
417 MONTGOMERY. CO-;NEK Of CLAY—
O£ i open unti 9:30 o'clock; ■ branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken, .
WINCH ISTER HOUS>, 44 THIRD ST., NR,
' » I Market; 200 -: rooms; ■> 25c to $1 50 per night:
91 50 to &6 per week: convenient and respectable;
! free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. .
1 imali; tkaijjtr WANTED.
OODCf'OK FOR HOTEL IN SAN bVfaRU
see party here,'; s2s;. waitress, ' country hotel,
■ 920: general housework cms, *15 to $20. C. R.
iiANSEN <fc Co., 310 Geary st. - •■--./. ■ ; .■- - ; ,■'■ ■':
STRUNG HOUSKWcRK GIXL FOR MEJ3KK-
Iey, 920; German girl, geueiai housework, 3 In
family. 920: Germ n . housework, g rl ! for San,
, Lorenzo. #20. see party here in morning; German
cook, $.'5. *C. K. HANSKN & CO., 110 Gear.- St.
IV URSE. NEVADA COUNTY. ?2J: ; ''7 COOKS
Xi In German and American families. 525. $-0
f4O; Ge:min chambermaid- and !>ewin& 920;
A second girlt und nurses, 9-0 ann 925: v Ritlnst
governess: di»hwash«r in re-ttaurant, 920: res-
taurant waitress, $25, and a large number of girls
for cooklugami use work in city and country.
J. F. CKWSETT & CO.. 316 Suiter St. ■-
PROTJtS I'ANT: GIRL FoR COO KING AND
1 some louseworij: American .family of 3; $20.
IJ. F CROSKTT A C0., ~»16 butter st. ' -
i \\r AITRKSS, . Ct'UNTRY-tHOTEL. , 920; ;12
'» housework girls, city and courr.ry, 920 and
$25;. 8 young glr.s, assist, *10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sir. St. ■:.? . 1": ,V,.,;; 1
KKMAN x UKSE, ONE CHILD. 925: WAIT-
Vjr ress private boarding-house, $20; laundress,
$25. M I SSC L N , 323 Sinter st. v V
\TJU.\G MIRaJS, 912. MIsS CULLEN, 323
X' Suiter st. '; ■ '.:■. - : .-'.'--'"- ::;.'; ' ■' ■■>-■ -
RESTAURANT WAITKESb, 56 PER WEEK.
X\ MiSSCULLE.V. 323 Sutler a.
EAMSTRES.-S $iO. ; .MISS ; CULLEN, -323
.Butter st. •' v: :•■"'• .> ;- . .-.■.'■..' .;■ - ■■■ ..■ ..
Ir\BE>UH 1 SEAMSTRESS AND WAIT. «25:
French governess. ■■■■fib: : Swedish or German
cook, 830. MISS CULLfa-N, 3*3 Suiter st. • •;...
MIDDLE-AGED GERM AN- WOMAN, $15, A*
housekeeper. MISSCL LLEN. 3 3 cutter <t.'
AITRE->S.,HOJ hi* >s,iUlll, ; All-
: »(>s-», j country restauraut, ? $20 ■ i and -,- room;
wom-n and girls forcoOKin? and housework; cook
and laundress, private family, city, $20. MURRAY
& - KEA (> V, Leading Employ Agents, 634
and 636 Clay St. '•;•';>: ;.\ . sv.i'^S '' - '•. ',' >' :..
YV ANTED— SECOND AND WASHING, 922 50;
'" German cook, 935: two French - nurses, $25
each: second girl, *15: French second, $-0; young
girl tor dressmaker's establishment, 910 | a w»ex;
three French sir s for the country, $2J and $15.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. r
p KRMAN < COOK, * RKFERKN Ci S. »30; , &KC-
XX 'ond .' girl, 16 ; German ■ nurseglrt, ! $<;<)•. sec-
ond ■ plrl 1 for Stockton, $*o— see lady.a; 1 o'clock.
French girl, for < Ui.dren, $20: i- 1 German second
girls. $20: rook find downsmtrs work, M in Valley,
$25: Ameiica'i cook, t'2'2 10: call early. German
; Employment I ffice, 3.<rt Maton st. '■•»■-■ ," v
2AA/ AN ED - COO Ks.i- CHAMBERMAIDS,
W"l nurseglrl* J girl 1 . lor housework. MRS. HIRD,
721 Kills a .': ■..,-.^,..1 ■.-.■' ': ■.:. . v :;. ..- ; . . ' .. ..■:.''■■■ :.;,-■
U/ AITRKSS7~COUNI HOJEL, $20. . R. T.
|- : TT WAXD < ftCO.,6loClay gt. v^ - .:-.■-;•
IRLS Or ALL j NATIONALITIES TO FILL
i. various positions; from 910 to $-'5. 806 Mason
; "WANTED— FIRST-CLASS WAITRESS TAKE
»* charge dining-room in first-class private board-
ing-bouse; good position: references required. Ad-
Uiesa J. X, box 49, Call Office.
AY.A NT ED— LA~DY-; STENOOItAPHER who
;<.»»■ writes a plain hand; wages . 915 a mouth.
Address R. E. R., box 91, this otllca : • > '..,. ,
j VV ANTKD—G EKMAN; girl for house-
,";.»•: work. *nd ulain cooking. ; 1803 '■ D«vlsadero. .' '
ffjr.TjV WANTED-CnntlnnM.
GIRL WEBSTER ST., $20: GIRL FOR SAN
\X Leandro, Cal.." $20, see parry In office 10 to 11
a m • Kirl. Lacnna St.. $20: gin yde »t., $20;
pirl, Fulton st., $20: girl, Taylor, st. . $20: girl.
Franklin sc, $20: girl, Octavia st.,, $15: iir. for
Athlone. Cal., *15: girl, Harrison su» 15, no cook-
inz- French or German second girl, $16; elrl,
Howard St.. SI 6: German girl, Webster St.. $16;
girl Lang:on:st., $16: girl- Pacificist., $15; girl,
FHlmore «.. $15 girl. 1 owell st $15: girl Oough
St., $15:,(lrl.Laicuna-Bt.. $16: gill, *-cott St. $15;
gIrVV.M.I.I st ■*!»: girl. Grove su, $15: cul, Lvop.
St.. $15; girl. Polk st. $15; girl. <-ctavia »l-. __**
Bin Post st.. $16: 26 young pi Is. $8 $*>***}*
month, aisist, etc., nice families MARTINS,
749 Market at. __
OCANDINAVIAN i> B<>ARU-
Olng houS'. $15 and room: dishwasher. $15 and
room; waitress, $20 and room, city : woman rook
125 and room: . ook. small o.ace, . $16 : cook, for
Milton, Cal., few boart- r : 3 waitresses, $15 ana
room.'MARTrN'S, 74 > Market st. : '
/ i EKMAN CHAMBERMAID, *20 AND ROOM.
VI i MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. _______
\TEAT AND RELIABLE girl f r light
ii housework : wages $10. 3023 Sacramento.
WANTED — SWEDISH GIRL: GENERAL
»» housework. .vpplv 3360 ' went— third.
ANTED— GIRL FuK GENERAL HOUSE-
; work. ; ltJbO O'Farrell St. j v . ■. - ■ -■ r
IRL'WA.NTE;: NEEDLEWORK. APPL>
.atETTIVGER'S, 723 Market St. !
("TIRL FOX GENERAL housework AND
. T light washing. Apply 2904 California st.
GERM AN lilßli'TO TAKK CARE OF BABY
and light housework. .2732 Pine at. . .
TPXPERIENCED APPKENTICE, CUSTOM
Hi pants. 7 Leonard pi., off Leavenworth.nr.Turk.
pIKL, 12 YEARS OLD, TO CARE FOR A
V 1 I a by. 209 Wai er st. .
YOUNG LaDY TO LEARW DRESSMAKING.
1 4'Jtt Suiter St., room 83. .>:-; ''■-.:
OUNG GIKL APPRENTICE: WORK ON
X wiilsts and run erraui s. 504 Post st.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK IN
X small family. _ 123 Grove st. :
TTtXPEKIKNCED HAN ON L\DIEV
111 wal3ts and wrappers. S. SI'EUER. 126 Eighth.
hnAILORESS WANTED. CALL AT .2803
1 Greenwich st. ,■ ; "/-:•.
-y-OUNG G£KL FOR HOL'SEWoHK, FAMILY
X of 3; wages $6. 327 Fourth St.; after 9.
"L^XHKRIENCED APPRENTICE TO HELP
X!J on ii 81-c ass custom coats. 461 Jessie st. .
n ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR GEN-
vJ eral housework: wages $20. "In Ninth .st. :
pOMPETENT UR SSMAKER WISHES PRI-
\J vaie pupi.s In dressmaking. Address v., box
82, Call. ,- ' . - -
IRLS WISHING TO MARRY SEND AD-
VJT dress to MRS. H.; box 10, this office.
"VTORTH GERMAN GIRL • FOX UPSTAIRS
-L\ work and assist with children. 1602 Fell at.
ANTED— CURL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»T work. 1519 Baker at. . .
\\r ANTED- GIRL TO ASSIST AT LIGHT
"» housework; waees $6 to $7. 463 Tehama at.
CIOOD OP..NING AWAITS A LADY OF
T trust: - '.o triflers lived apply. Address C. D.,
box 74, call.
/ 'li.L IMU" UPSTAIRS WOUK AND WAIT-
" J ing on ttb:e. ■ 293'<J Jackson s - . „
OMPETENT GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
\J eral housework and cooking 917 Sinter st.
I*' ANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
»" housework. 731 Green st.
\\r A TED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
>■ ber trade; only 8 weeks require! : tools given:
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber Scuool, 1515 Howard.
QTENOGRAPHIC SPEED club now BEING
0 organized at Heald's Business college, 24 Pos;
St.: the Cinb wlil meet two evenings each week
(Tuesday and Thursday): club fees $1 sOa_ontn.
IBKRAL OFFER; 2 WEEKSn" SEWING
-J lessons, free to all beginners - ibis week: pat-
terns cv to order. 2.', c. McDowell Drejscuttlng
Academy, 630 Market su
"yoUNG GIRL: TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN
X and assist light he us work. 664 Brod>rick st.
1 1 / • NINTH ; SI\— BRANCH .OFFICE OF
IX Thk Call; subscription and want ads
taken. ; , .
AWRENCE CUTIINU SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable jilacu for patterns; every one
i uaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
ANTED— GIRLS, FROM 11 TO 1. INQUIRE
" between 3 and 6. 1103 Geary. :
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK:
ii .Winchester House, 44 '1 bird st , near Market:
200 room*; 25c to $1 5 J per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and t>ac;rage to and from ferry.
"L^LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X l . Academy. 14 McAllister St.- . $1 » week. j
31AJL- b_i— tf .. A->'l_;X>.
e^o^?B~^c7)ok7~country : Hotel, $e"o^
0 third cook, country hotel, $30; neat bellboy,
$25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO , 110 Geary st.
pERMAN FARMER AND WIFE: SEE PAR-
VJTty hare; $30. C R. HANSE., _ CO., 110
Geary sc." " ■:..' ■..■;, . ■ • . -. : " -■ ■■/• •',
ERE ANIVBOY. $10 AND hOOM: BOY TO
J wash dishes, SS a month, room, etc.; cook, 50
n week: .coox, $b5 to $75 and room: nook and
helper. $75 find room: pastry cook and help on
iher^nge. $65 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st. - :
ANCH HAND, $10. ETC.; BARBER TO
run country shop. MA KTiN'S, 749 Markeu
, OY FOR GKOCKRV-STOKK, NO EXPltßl-
ence required, : $10 and found; 2 orchari-
hands, boy for photographer's office: black-
smith lor ranch; 3coo!cs;' 2 waiters; 10 farmers.
MURRAY <fe KKaDY, leading employment
agent*, 634 and (336 Clay st. —
ANTED— COOK~SMAIjL HOTEL, COi N-
try, $25: ranch cook, $35; > barkeeper, Ger-
lii n preferred. $V! 5 and found; young man to watt
en table, « 15; man and wife, country hotei. $40;
Japanese boy, *4 a week, etc. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st. , .: . :,..": - :
\k! AN! ED— ENGLISH STABLE FOREMAN,
»* $55 and found; teaius:er and- wife, 535:
choreman and wife, $30; man to raise -turkeys on
suart-s; milker and drive milk , wagon, . $20;
cracker-baker, $75: 'and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacr. mento st.
EN WANTED TO JOIN THE s-OCTH SEA
Island expedition; membership $50: perma-
nent homes on the co-operative pian: will sail in
their own vessel: membership-books will close
shortly. Apply 547 Mission st.
pOLORED B V OR GIRL K)R PRIVATE
\J family to wait on table and assist coo*; city
refer. lues: wanes $15 per month, Address E.
Y. P.. box 83, Call. . .-..-. •■
PAKINJiK WITH. $100 TO Do INSIDE
X woric and shipping; clear. $3 a day., D. t box
160, Call.
WANTED- A GOOD WATER: ONE WHO
;if speaks Spanish ana English. 425 Geary st. .
\A ANTED— BOY IN PHARMACY; $3 I'ER
»l week. ; Cor. Eddy and Stein ersts.*.;. ■ ; ■•.
ANTED— YOUNG MAN. TO SELL FLOW-
;■.*»- era. ; 427 Gol len Gate aye., bet. 7 and 8 A. M.
\V" ANTEL-COOK FOR RESTAURANT. AP-
i'T; ply 202 Ninth St. ; r-;'
OY WANTED.' HANCOCK BROS., PRINT-
ers, 636 Market st. - • r : '
IV ANTED- AN EXFERIENCEDAjROC-RY
. '» : c eri». . 234 Van ->ess aye. , ' •v" ; .
PRINTERS— WANTED. BOY TO SET TYPE
, 1 In job office. 47 Third suV .
ANTED— GUUD PLUMBER. 291 SIX-
»* teenth st., near Howard. ; .
OT_AI)Y~MAN TO assist IN waiting
O on customeii an 1 attend to cash: must have
$100 cash and ba satisfied with $18 per week. 777
Market st., room 7. .. - *:-'" -« ■. ••>: •
HOEMAKERS— FIRST-CLASS SHOP WITH
excellent irade: i must be sold this week: will
sell for loss than value of tools. : Call or address
box 138, - ebastopol, >onora» County, Cel. | , ". -;
: i.. ARBEIT-. Piiori'.cri v k union __fLoi
iJ mem creur.-. ; I'OXKAI) TKOKLT* 657 Clay .;
| < AltHaK--i'uit k.iiriAj\ Mi-..\i CAUL. SAC
,X> P. c; Barbers' Assn. S. t'l'CKs, 325 Grant ays.
JOLK.Nj. 1 Mil... ilAKi.ij M n.ul'LiiliU.w'
secretary .H. BKKN^ARD. 102 seventh su
mWO-CHAIK B \RBEK-SHOP ton SA__
X cheap: good location. 416 Hayes st. ■ : . •--■ ,, •;
ARBEK-S.HOP: 2 CHAIRS: cONNi-CTED
.-. with 4 bjths: cheap if sold immediately -ad-
ply to .-T0LT2.630 Market st. --* v
■■■■/UTdiJlhß WANTED— A YoUNG MAN" THAT
'- understands cutting meat, to drive a delivery
wagon. 1525 talk St., Alam.-da, nr. broad s»u r.
rpKIMMING CUTTER: ON _ADl_6' StIOES.
, lj. C.NOLAN. 641 Market at. ; .. °"w_o.
('ODD WATCHMAKER WaNT.D AT ' H
\J RUBENKUMP'^, 39 North El Doraao St.', !
Stockton, Ca . * :■■',  '. . ■ ■■■.
rpitAVELER FOR HARDWARE AND IRON:
C' to , n ,^, try ; V ndl * : ' slate age, experience, etc . .-.,
box 117. Call Office. ~f> • ■-.;..■,-. ,-/■;:■- -
T YoU ARE A-N ■: ACTIVE MAN AND WILL j
_ Ing to worse - ; ana deposit 610, « c can guarantee
positively $--5 per week. 215 Sansomtvroom 11.
OUOEsHOP. -FOR, SALE; CHEAP: MUST
O sell this v\eek. a Inquire 1621 D*vlsartero st. ■
BAKBEh->U P; i. fli6: 4 -LI VING-KOOMS;
rent only »] 0. jlppiy this office. ,• ,-, -
ONE CHAIR _A~RBMt-~_cFP- $25. GOOD
location. Apply Cull Office. : , :
( ?^\ 1 X * lss *i— S — SJKbUKIPTIONS : AND
_.UXU wan: ads taken for THE CALL. '..-: .
VV r ' ' - ii — 4 M_jN .'jo bOLICIT ON A NEW
,-\ P la "i : "° °? to , carry; salary if preferred.
la 6 rlfth St.
U' ANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTION* ... J.\jß
»» '1 he Call are taken at Branch otllce, soul
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts. > . . j - ;
'I'YLinK;;aM>,.. DUUAiJLIi CALI)' ; SHOKX;
oar own make; tl 75. ; S>s9 Howard, nr. Msth..
Rooms i{>o to 75c Pi-. it ie» ii i ; 60c io*i oj
Pfr.wefk.'QOni'nt.-U. U25 Drnmm su vv;, ... v r
SI ULK>'UhNI»UM)KOoJIS; 15CA NIUHT-
1 5c week. Llnd«-ll House. Sixth and How«r<i
\,V/ ANTi-.D— la borers = AJN Ul- m ten an
"to know thai Ed KoUin, lleno House proprie-
tor, i still ; runs : Denver i House, 217 Thlra st : 15 j
. large rooms: per nlrnt: $1 ios3 i er; week. "■; ■ , !
"■ W A.>ifcu, ,..u,... »Aui.JiiL... i.A_j.t
- » ' ,- >n»&ci en- <■' K N UK Collection Age?.'. 1 10 Mutter ;
,<>^ I O MISSION. ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 the Call; subscriptions ana want ads
taken. - &&£&tiß££££g£il£F' ■■'■:•>
BEtr WANTED- Continue*. .
X? SIMON WANTS 100 MKM TO GET BOT-
J2j. tl»- b°er or win*- 5c bear free lunch. 643C1ar.
EN'S HALF-SuLING. 60c: LADIES'. 40c:.:
l'l done while you wall. 638 Market, opp. Paliice \
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck'a.S.F. 1
Vjt i t \ ACAIJt JiuOar.. fcTi jiAiilif.l •->!■. riri- J
1 low Sixth.' for a room: ' !c.V » night: 81 » we**. {
"DOSEDALE, 321 > ELLIS 'ST.— SIN'-LE FUR- •'
-LV ntshed rooms, -Uc io 25c night, $1 to 81 50 wit.'
I^OR FULL AN D iLJSA.\ • 100 .O.AI. ult
i. coffee ana cakes 6c to to 13V4 Grant »v.
t.<l' IN CTIY— SINGLE ROuMS. la, 20 A-Vi»
25 cents per nigh:: 91. $1 *5, 91 60 per week.
i'aciric Home, commercial and l.eidpadortf sis.
I>ECRUITS WANTED >UK Thtr- lillMl
■it -tales Marine Com* United states: Say/;
at>l»- bodied unmarrleti men. between tun ages of 21
una ..0 years, who are citizens or the United Mate*.
or ihos» who have legally d dared their Intemloa
l« become citizens; muj- be of good character an*
B«r,iiB and abie to sp«alc, read and write JinglMli,-
and between 5 left 6 incue, and 6 feet in h.'lgh:.
n«f~. n l ir,. vi 1 i? formauon apply «* thu Kecru:luij
Office. JO Kills wl. San Francisco. < al. ; ■
1 i ) V, HO ,? Ol; «'" ; - Bt5S1 'S MARKET ST.-F.UOM:*
20c. 25c to 50c night; $1 to 83 weeg.
IiMNCHKSTKrtHoUSiS.44 iHIKU ST., xNK.
»> Marse:: 200. r00m«.;.25c a night: reading.
room: free bin and Da-gage to and trom the terry.
100 I ' o J AKK LuDGiNU AT 10c. 100
1"" aud aOc a night. including coffeo ana roTuT
t24 Washington St.. near K*-ar :l .
\\r A.M'iD-A.V IDr. A: \v HO CAN Tii INK or
IT, Fome simple thins to patent? Protect your
Ken*: they may bring you wealth. Writs JOHX
WEDDEKBURN &CO., Dept I* Patent Attor-
neys. .Washlnzton. D. v. lor ihelr $ls>oi> i>r«<»
cUer and list of 20U Inventions wanted.
V\.' AN'TED-SINGLh. ROOM*, 100 A DAY: »L
Tf week : rooms for 2, 25c a nay. $1 50 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st,
ANTKU VOL'K BHOK.S-WE KK^AIK
etoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those worn-
Inc through the day can have their gaoes repairs.l
«t nlcnt while you wait: laaies" eollng, 35c; mon'i
folinjf, £0c: tine shoes made to order from %'i up.
we have a lot of sho«M been damaged by water a:
less than . one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up M
fL' 50. 563 .Mission s:.. bet. First s:. and S««<-on.l su
A O KNTS \V A> TK D.
HE (PAS-ioXATKLY)- "sOMKTHIJiO STIK9
XX within me. She— You should use one of Seed's
water lllters. Agts wanted, BRICKttCO.. 777Markt
UESTS-A BOOK THAT OUTsKLIS ANY
publication since Grant's booic Is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one want i
the book written by the commander-ln-chief of tha
TJnited State* army: rtrst agent's commission
f22 In 3 boors. •B. PERSON, manager subscrip- 1
lion department. The Wiiitaker it Kay Company.
7911 Market It. : ' . - ,
rooms WANTED.
: .....:..,■■■.■--- ■■>
/^e?jt7jemTn~XndTisteb want 3 or 4
VI unf nrnished . rooms for housekeeping; noar
Park panhandle: references, *•. »., box 89, Call.
UNFURMSUKu ROOMS FOlt HOfSE-
keeping: $10: near Market. A. 8... box 2. Call.
ANTED— 3 OK 4 FURNISHED ROOMS;
furnished complete for housekeeping. Ad-
dress J. M. G., Commercial Hotel.
L".'KXI«HED KOOMBY IiK.MLKMAX; USE
f of piano state prl(--«-. c. X . box 15. Call .".flic*.
HOUSiSS .WAMJSD.
Tjj7XNlrEi)^BMX7irH^usir,~vTTSr £X«iuE
'• sunny yard or vacant lot adjoining, W. 11.,
box 108. I'nll Office. . /
BOARD FOR CHILDREN WANTED.
B"*~oard^vanTkd~in'lve^ : i^ A T H i LhT
X> family: only with motuer's. care, for boy
and girl: ages 5 and 3 yet rs: references wantea
and given. J. A. ■-> , t.ox 108. Call Office.
ANT tsOJMK ONE TO BOARD A . CHILD A
year old. Apply 267 Natoma st.
>» A_N'XKl>— MiaCJil-^A-NiiOUs.
VVpTNT^D^7^<fr^^^VAT6TlN^^^
» » glne. Bor 10 borae-power; also, hoisting gear;
Address E., box 11 4,-Call Office.
IJUILJJINUS Boi bill; LUMBKK, ISASUfci
J3 doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1166 Mission ftt.
ELL YOUK BOOK.-i, OLiOTHI-Nli A.ND Ji«.\V-
elry to A. KLEIN. IU9 Sixth st.: sent posh;.
EDUCATIONAL.
SKALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, Kugllsh branches,
electrical engineering: 10 teachers: lo.Uuj gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
ADY TEACH PIANO AND MANDOLIN
thoroughly: 50c a .essaa ; excellent pian.s and
accompanist lor entertainments and puma.-:. 12j9
Octavia st. '
AYili.S', XH.& XJiADINo COLLitljli. 3Ji
Montcomerv St.: individual instruction in
ehorthand, typincr. bootkeeplaj. telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $50: ,l<-w rate* per weelc and ma
TTiNULISB, LATIN, MATHEMATICS: KSCi-
Jlonteomerv st. : Individual instructioa la
thand, typinc. bookkeepln;. telegrapny, etc.:
scholarship $50: )<■«• rat«"i per week and ran.
'ULISJ*, I.ATIN. MATHEMAI'ICS: KS(i-
-Hi Ush literature a specialty. . MISS i<Ou LSTOJV, ,
724 O'-garreli S-. .■■■.-■■■.. ..■-.:• '
IEIIL'S SHOKTUAND AND BCSINK-3 \
College, 72B Market St.; stnaents trahiel: office J
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit lor tuition.
■y^G.^iLt-KlNvi SCHOOL: MEUH.. KLtiJ.,
J-i civil, mining, survey, ansay. arch It.. X ray
laacu^es.lB64. A. VAN DER N AILLh.N,72 - MKt
IJUUKKKi.i'i.Nu TiIU.KOUiiiI.LY IN b \\ JiICK.-*
X> or year's course tree; only accountant teaching.
TAKH, room 672. I'arrott Emporium building. \
KJiASCO'S LY C M SCHOOL OF ACTJNIV—
> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehears* l
on rt/icc. K. 5 and 12. 1. O. i.». !•'. blciclc. 7thwnil
PROF. LOUJS MEHKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 ueary. nr.l'onell
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; EU-
XJ ropean artist; $5 mo. 305 Lurkln, r. 105: p m.
PIANO, MANDOLI> AND UUITAK LESSONS
X given; 60c. 125 Tenth st.
IN ING; PIANO: PAKIH GRADUATE:
French, Herman languages: $2 mo. 109 lay. or.
■\7"OIOK,DKAM.A, ORATOItY: PRIVATE AND
t clais. Prof.KO>s, Do:iohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to K.
pROF. L. KA-MvIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
J mandola:terros reasonable. 'J - J3Gear}-,nr. Powell
L BENCH LEARNED EASILY. Ta L'GHT BY
J a graduate from Paris. 3., box 10, Call Office.
GUITAK, MA.NJJULI.N, PiANo AND VWJiij
leesons. $3 ma Mary Westhans. 39 Fifth.
UOOKKPNU. VVKITNG, ARITHMTO. « KAiIK,
X)dav & night: noclaisee; $3 month. 845 Mission.
AT KiHTS(JHUUL;M.KALD'.">
Xi Post :coiiinierclal,sborthand.Knsli»h low raii>s.
dentists. r:
(JJ.r7 FULL SU.T ■Of i J-.r.TH WOKTM ~^ii-
•tip I . wnrranted 5 years; fxtractiou free: nlllnxi
FUiOi St,T Of iJ- r. Tll~WOnTtrViiT
wnrranted 5 years: u traction free: ttiltu^t
600. Chicago Dental Parlors. 'M Sixth st.
OSITIVKI.Y PAIM.ES.-> EXTRACTION,"
Pit. HARDING. &00 Slitter: tel. malu 5375.
pHALIANT <!fc CHAJ.FANT. MOVt.D FROM:
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgeworlt a specialty.
CvJLIO-S llr..\lAl, A>!>OULv xiOA, 808 -aa.il-
ket St. DX. CHARLES W. DECKKK.
$7 A SET FOR ".T*.KTH— WAKBAM'KD A3
0 • good as can be made; ffilln; DR. r-IMil^
dentist, 930 Market St.. next UiUdwln Theater.
JJAINLJiSS XTKACHUJ, fcOc; Z'.wj WX
■ bridge work a specl»l:r: plates f5 np: 13 year!"
experience K. L. .WALSH. IXD.&.. 815»/ Geary.
1 \K. LUDLOAI itILU 1443 WAKKi-T ST., N Jt.
XJ Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whea
plates are made: old plates m»ele over We.% near;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting SOc: gas given.
Ii'ULL SET UK J KK'l'M, *7: FILLING. 60oj
JO crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third.
OKI OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLAi'iC USL >
0 H. O. Young. 18-11 Folk BL /
• — _ — _ .
1 1., J. J. 1. 1-.J!.l\. IIUU .'iAUIV I. 1. V.OIC OV'LUiiX
•XJ Gate aye.: open «-vi»ninir-»: Sundays Mil noon.
Y^KOO-MK JJKNTAi. ASsOOiAI'IOX, 7a» HAS-
\J ket. b»t 3d and 4th: I res specialists: palnlen
Vxtractln*. with gas. $1; plate.*. $5 up: fill. *1 no.
1 \K. iihOHUIS W. LEEK. TxiK UKN LINK
XJ '■ Leek denrist, discoverer of painless extraction
1 »nd patentee of Improved bridge work or teetl*
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20(.)"Farreli 1-
-4 1,1. VVOitK >>J%ASUN AiiLK . AND WaIT
I J\. ranted. - DR. .1. W. KKY. 1123 Marbut st.
I « iv« fc.Al..fc,— AkI»Cii^L,A.M'.ULS.
T"hX>DSOME LOT OF PORCELAi . 8
I A. ues and hand- painted dishes. * e;c. choice
I bric-a-brac, to be. soid at very low prices. National
I *an Office. 133 lay lor st.
I TT'OR SAL iv — LAkGE NEWFOUNDLAND
iI? pup Itiqulre 1028 Folsom (saloon). . j
STEREOPTIiJON— CA CIU.U ATTACH- '
kJ racnts, with dissolvcr and views. Addtes? box
P 9t», fail Office. '
"I^ORt ALE— SMALL YACHT IN GOOD COX-
X ditlon. Add re sK. W.. box 07. Call.' ■
• j.AKS, •; BACK.- BARS, MIRKOKS. SHOvV.
i J ><■ case«, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and ■ office fnrnltur- ami fixtures, new and
second J. N« >ONAN| 1017-1019--U2l-10a3
Mission a., above Sixth. '■■...--
PUI T IX G MATERIAL FOR -.ALE CHEAP
at 8 Montgomery aw., room li.
hOILER>,ENUI.MiS,JJ>aAiN MACHINERY
Water-pipes. Mcin;osh ,C Wolpman. 187 Beats*
OOMS PAPERED, $'i 60 UFWARu; HlT-
enlng, timins;. paintluc at lowest rat e«. F.
EDWARDS. lViOOAVebstcr.nt.'. tel. Slelner i*3s.
AKS,. >SUALKS. , MIKROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold MKEK, 1118 Mission.
SECOND-HAND SAFE; File E l* KOuFT VtKY
cheap. D. N. HAW LEY, 318 Market sL
ATIuNAL^CAsH KEi.IVrER, UUUD Ult-
tier; also large ioldlng^loor safe. BA. ission at. ,
Out EE> MILL.; SCALES. ■- LETTKR I'RESSL A
stand des>c. money till; safe: cheap, t 102 Clay, p
MUAAitUU- BLuK",FLAME.HE.\Ti-.KS \KS
the boat.--* W. S. RAY MFG. Co.. la California
X, ■ ARS, ■■; SHOWCASEo, -, COUNTERS, sUK LV-
,' ring, etc.; i ought and sold. ; 10(53 Mission. nr.7:h.
ONK: SMALL AIp.UiUM AND l.Aji^JS-alZii
fire and burglar proof wife. ; 109-111 Mum a\
: « " ' .i ■■■...
SEWl>fO 3li.CaiNlis. ■
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, BOLD, EXCHANGE!*
rented .repaired: lowest rates. -05 Fourtttrrsi^Es** cttasces.
STATIONERY. CANDY AND NO-
t£OO\J tion store. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
_..>- ~t\ FRENCH UQL'OK STORE;; GOO
g>_. i OU. comer. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
i _• 1 c .A RESTAURANT. ■ OYsTER and
i _» IOV/U. chop house. DECKER, 102uMt-fceu
. C?7~n SALOON: PKOMINENT CORNER;
j C I i)v'. tamalecafein rear: doinjc fair busi-
ness; sochl stoc< liquors, dears, etc.: satisfactory
reasons for selling; fu 1 investigation. U>DER-
WOOi; £ CO., 765 Market.
' . ~\ T A BARGAIN: A PAYING DOWNTOWN
A. day saloon: must be sold: owner has other
business. Inquire Wr'M. I'M LAND, care Caliicr-
nia Kattan ... 61 First St.
QP' EN DID SALOON; COR. POLK AND FELL, {
C 5 opp. T«>nth and Market: six private rooms, !
r.ea.ly furnished; forced to sell on account of I
business in the conntrv.
"C" ASTERN HOt SE WANTS KE>PON>IBLE \
X- party wi h 930U to $400 to control business oa
' tins cons:-, br; openina. Apply to MR. KNOW L-
TON. Royal House, 126 Ellis st.-
nrAKTED-faooo on MORTGAGE;
»> prune orchard in Santa Clara Valley: private
party preferred; tirs>clas3 stcarrv. A. B , box
106." Call. j
RESTAURANT— IN MY CARE TO SELL; \
owner away ; No. 1 business place: a bsraain:
can double investment in short time. 1136 Mis-
*son st. j
\\ r ANTED— BLACKSMITH A' .PARTNER:
'» mining si pp ies, etc.: l;andsburg; small capi-
tal; big returns. Add»ess I ONE-, box 60. Call. I
PARTNER IN AN r.STABLi>HLI) BUSI- ,
X ness; must be sober and energetic: ie:eiences j
exchanged; small capUal rgquired. 340 Fonrth._ |
_ljnn PAR 1 Ni- " WANTeT- SALOON; |
»^_.UU. open day and night lor many years; In ,
ceaterof city. Call Office. ___-
THE AGENCY OF THIS PA PER IN A LARGE j
X inttTior city for sale or lease; owner sick, in-
qaire at bis cffi'.e. ■
\* r ANTKD— PARTNER IN SALOON: EX-
>> pertenea unnecfMap-. 633 Howard su
\Y ANTED TO RENT-CHICKEN KANCHON
'' shares. Address a. H., box 100. talL
Q-CAN, milk ROUTE: '•i^HOKSESj GOOD
V wagon: cheap. £■. box 2, Call Oflice.
C'OAfk FRCITSTOKF.; GOOD LOCATION:
O — VU. great bargain. Address B, box .2. CaU.
&n/|A sJiALL GROCERY. 45 THIRD ST.
y)oUl>.
"TTTTwx KOoMING-UOUSE. 45 THIRD ST.
( • UU.
OR OYSTER ANDTAMALE GKOT-
rto, cheap. 847 Broadway. Oakland. ■
7,-OR SALE MALL RESTAURANT. CALL
X 1 14-9 Jtartcet st.
AI" ANTr.D-GOoD CANDY-MAKEK WITH
I? very small capital to invest to take charge of i
business. Address P. J. 8., box 6*, this office.
ITCHbK-SHOP- AN OLD-ESTABLISHED I
stand: good reasons for selling. F. F,, box 21.
Call Office.
r-",^ CORNEF-tSALuCTNiON FOURTH ST.; 1
<^OtJU. sickness cause selling, inquire Call.
-. . - A CHOPHOUSK CLEARING $^00 per i
»_ 'i<Jl'. month; central location. Apply Call. |
■por" -ALE — A WELL-KNOWN" MAXUFAC-
1* . Inc business: article of gre— t merit and pro-
tected hr irade mark. Address Solid' Merit, box !
72, Call O_ct. I
.. 1 -n CASHIER: ASSISTANT. $40 AND
vlu". boa-d; gu—r&nteed full value. Apply
WILL'S. 8-7 Mission st.
<_.! or RESTAURANT: ELEGANTLY FIT- !
Ol — 0. ted up. Apply D. McKAE, 127 Mis-
sion st. ' j
AOKSER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
L'tOKNER SALOON- t'LD - ESTABLISHED
V? business. Apply Chicago Brewer..-, 1420 Pine.
/.-I AA SALOON FOi: SALE: A BARGAIN; i
«I?XUU. owner leaving city. 854 Howard st.
C-LOON POR SALE— APPLY AT ANCHOR j
O brewery, 1431 Pacific st. !
TTOKSIi AND WAGON: GOOD ROUTE. 1405
XIX Balder st.
r..i- /,/v I WANT TO BOKRoW THIS
y_t)UU. amoain for six-months: ample se-
curity: will give situation to good party for one
year or longer at $100 per month: particulars only
a; personal interview. Address S. t_, box 90, this
. office.
BUTCHER-SHOP: HORSES, WAGONS, HAR-
ness: 3 miles from Oakland: for sale cheap;
owner going away: iow rent; good trade. A. 11., J
box 5. Call Ogee, Oakland.
/-"(HEAP: GROCERY AND BAR. INQUIRE
V, HILBEKT BKOS., liquor-store, Ellis and
Powe I sts.
.. C. o~ l\ PAY* ING CIGAR-STORK: OTHER
fjOO\J. business. Inquire 1001 Mission St.
it ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
vT young widow of means. 104 Mason sL
LD-E-TaBLISHED SALOON: IN VEST I-
\J gation if desired. 158 Steuart st.
AIRY PROD U »-• E ' 1 1 K, HuR^E AND I
U agon, for sale cheap account of other bust-
• nes^. z.pply 52 Seventh st. _^
BIIKK-SHuP: ESTABLISHED BUSI- i
XJ nes: tor sale cheap. Apply New Electric
.Market, i;t>6 Twenty-fourth St.. near Castro.
1 VOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; CEN-
■ 1 tral - located: dome suod bnsineis. Inquire
§ KEY GBAUEKHOLZ & CO., 224 Front st.
" , >OOD PAYING CANDY ROU IE AND TWO
yj wagoss. Address L. PFENNINUEB. 28 Page.
TJANU.^BCRG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL '
Xt self Va interest in its property and business for
JfeOOO cash: _ .oney wanted to extend the business ]
of corop'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar |
T. Shuck". 509 Kearny, E.F. Be— n.Randsburg. Cai.
IF YOU WANT Tv f-KLL YOUR SALOON OK
grocery for spot cash address I., box 120. CalL
IN close. to ta— Jrr_ a«a*.a ior j-ari;tai_M *V9</
• •.his office.
\\' ANTED-PAHI.NEit WITH $40,000 iN A
*' grocery and liquor house entabllshe- si— co
1863. Address A. V.. box 39. CaU '.'ice.
i.OlMi_Nli-XlOr!___* iOK SALI2.
DECKER'S BARGAINS :
27-rcom house $700 22-room house... $500
Ii -rcom house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
55 rooms, cor... S.COO 14 rms 00 sutler. 700
• 11 rs., must sail 20 | 66 rms, best .3,500
15 rooms, new.. 1,250 31-room house.. .1,400
27 ores, new.. 3.000 110 rooms, corner. B,ooo
. 200 rooms, hotel. 10.000 1 11 rooms, only;.. 75
• o5 rooms, centrl 2,500 j 10 rooms. Jones st 300
—I SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL KSTATE—
AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS —
'■'■ H. C. DECKr.E, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
T ODG ING-HOUSE FOR SALE— 3S ROOMS.
Xj 617 Mission st.; cheap.
„„, 4 1Q FURNISHED ROOMS FOR SALE CHEAP,
— C on account of departure. 916 Howard st.
•■PLEGA-MLY FUtfNIsHED 9-ROOM HOUSE:
Xj well^paying; rent cheap. 211 Ninth st.
VINE LODGING-HOUSE; 32 ROOMS; ONE
„ Tor the best locations in the city; satisfactory ;
r^asora for filing. 704 Howard St.. corner 3\i<'..
-UJ_>'lTU___ AOii SALE. .- •.' -.-
A{\f\ CARPETS; CHAMBER bKia. 9U
IUU stoves, $5: parlor eets, $20: folding-bedi
. . HO: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY". 764 Mission.
4 1 ■ _. J. Si.U-AS.VS, 117 SIXTH. FOR j
A lowest prices on household goods; new or cooi
as aw; cas 1 or on time; open evenings.
Jkon FwURTH— FUP.SITUKE OF HOUSE 6
OO\J rooms and bath; reasonable-,
V OLD ING BED~~FOB "SaLjs CHEAP. 227
X Sixth st. ■
"PLAT TO LtT AND FCR.MTURK FOR SALE;
X! cheap rent and bargain. 450 Haight st. .
yiQ GOUGH ST.— FUitNITURE OF «i liOOMS
j OXO for sale: bargain: rent paid.
I VARNISHED FLAT. 6 ROOMS, FOX SALE
1 X very reasonable. 617Va McAllister st.
% L-URNnLRE. STOVES, CARPETS. COCN- I
1 ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market. |
|jf(Ki.\HHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST !
JJ pr.c»«; furniture, carpers: all rrade* 86(i MUa" a
1 c K.\ 11 L KM ANTED.
HIGHER PRICK i HAN" ANYWHERE PAID
XX by Indiana Auction Co, 1057 Market.opp.Jcmei
IT YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR
X tnre and merchandise see BURD. all Larkln.
1 A^H PaTu Fun ii-> Tit —i moum.-.-> oa
. \J smaller lots of furniture, carpets. <ha •<•,
EOWCHER 222 Stockton: send post*:. .
CAIiPEX CLEANM-NO.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS:
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. SIEVEN-i
• Mir. 3ti and 40 -ignth st. : telephone South 250.
\\J 111-.N V' U BECOMK vi MjUsTED WITH
'» poor work send Pioneer Car-
pc'.-beailaij W^rka. 353-57 iehamas;.; tel So. 40.
.'■" / AKPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKE
' new. 23 Tenth; u-l. South 86. Mackintosh <_ Co.
"j E. XliUmU.!., CAKI-tT-i.LEAM.Nii CO.,
O . ii4o 14th *- : cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mis. 74.
/ 'AKPEI-CLEANING. 3c; LAYING. 3c RUO
V. 1 a-mple-t frfe; tel. Jessie 944. Strauon. 19 8 th s-
-7-G.-. Ki.lS'rs CAK.Pr.r- BEATING WOlt_4
1. 3^3 <^olden Gate aye. Telephone East lid.
I.O_T.
OBT -ON TUESDAY " AFTERNOON, A
small gold watch and pin with monogram
"I. M. H." Liberal reward for returning same to
6W. cor. Van Ness aye. and Washington st.
♦ Vl.'' ILL THE DR; VE!4 HU FOUN .. A BLACK
»> feather boa In his sand wagon please return
same to 2812 Sacramento ■<t. and rec lv« reward.
i (_. I A REWAKD-BUUWN CURLY -HA IKED
■ •.■ I U water spaniel. Finder will please return
1 to 1005 bombard »t. and receive above reward.
\_T>IiOWX .-.ETTEK DOG, with white
— * breast and white fee; : collar with name and
address. Inquire 8416 Mission s - receive reward
• PROFESSIONAL / CAKDS. "'^
, TOHN E. HICHARDA LA W OFFICES. BOOMS
■ ') 2a and 27, Crocker . C_U-_k; uuepnooe __U-
j 75, Bac i-rancisco. Cat. ■■'■}-,■- "'-j--
J.OU.N «-AirK_iV AND MAUKICK L. ASHEK.
auys m law, rnusls,sliS. 6t_ soar, Parrou old*
HOUSES TO LET.
QgQ HOUSE 4 ROOMS. 2 PRECITA AYE.,
«S)O. or Twenty-seventh st. off Mission.
|1O "FeNTH— LARGEfsTORE. SUITABLE
1 1 O for grocery, liquor: perfect order: cheap.
9 11 n GEARY-HOUSE~7~ROOMS. BATH,
_*tIU large able, rd; suitable expressman.
UUS_. TO LET— HAMPTON place, OFF
Folsom st , between Second and Third.
C ROOMS; 5338 Sr.CoND ST.: 915 PER
0 month.. Key at 539 second st. .. __^
- KOOMS- 5378 SrCoND bT.; $17 PER
I mo .tb. Key at 539 Second st.
C. ROOMS; NEW MOUSE; MODERN IM-
-0 provements; 45 Federa: s-.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 — econd st.
oLSt .., IO «h.N f *'v>K VKKY LiTTLK
money at BALDWIN _. HAiliiONiyji lv
I nptroroer~ st. ■• '".
— ___».—^^—
COTTAtiKS ' IO r L.KT.
_. -AN Wi i OTTAOI s. I AND 4 ROOMS;
C* I good crder. Apply on premises. 945 Bryant
St., or v. H. UMBSEN A CQ, 14 Mon;gomery st.
I - .;9 COTTAGE: 4 R. OMS; ALSO 3
I X »_)— — rooms in rear: large stable: wagon shed.
1 HI 7 LOMBARD, NEAR HYDE; COTTAGE
XUX 1 of 5 rooms aud bath; rent $16: water
; free. Apply DAVID STERN <_ SONS. 20 Mont-
: gomery st. , ; .
! 01 A COTTAGE; N. SIDE OF TWENTIETH
I jplU. st, near Castro.
N OTIC a: - NEW FLATS, NKW COT-
• taze«, 3 to 8 rooms; genuine reduction «I-
I lowed good tenant] : we can suit rich and poor
people. A. M. SPE.CK „ CO.. 602 Market st.
_"CKJ«lS____» FLATS.
A ROOMS OF FLAT: NICF.LY FURNISHED
for housekeeping. 1023 Us st.
- IUTS IO LLT.
©1 X^^yIEw^LODKK^VPPKR fZaT~S
%pXc/.«Jv/. sunny rooms. 2974 Twenty-third
st , near Harrison.
9 NICE FLATS; 4 GOOD ROOM" . EACH;
— ■ cheap rent. 524 Sixth St., near Bryant.
i 91 C GK.ARY —4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
■— XO suitable for business Key 217 Geary st.
091 7 Y-KiKSI, NEAR _I.>SION—
O— .X I Lower flat four rooms; large yard; water
free; rent $12.
P.f\ZFELL — 2 FLATS, 4 ROOMS EACH;
•j\J<i) bath, large basement and yards; $15
and $16. ; ■
U BOWIE AYE., BET. TENTH AND ELEV-
enth sts.— Upper flat; 4 room and bath.
&]f\ FLAT. 3 ROuM>; YARD; BASE-
j «BIU. men:; all clean. 123 San Jose aye., nr.
I Twenty-third st.
I "V"EW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; 3175
II 25th, cor.Folsom. J.A.ULRICH.4I Crocker bL
119 FULTON— EX IRA FINE NEW UPPER
1 'i— flat 7 rooms; oath; $35.
TTPPER FLAT. 5 ROOMS. BATH: FINE
U view. Apply 1325 Washington St., nr. Jones.
j "VICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4 UOOMS: 14
i 1\ Moss St.. bet. Six:h and Seventh, nr. Howard.
! I L.VT 4 RO>MS. B.VIH AND GAS; 912.
; X: rom 11 to 2. 420 LlUy aye.
' 1 fW 1 HAIGHT, NR.BAKER— NICK 6-RUOM
IU-1 flat: best block on Haight. St.: fine view.
] •)•> LAKKIN. OPPOSITE CITY HALL—
J.OO rooms and bath: top flat.
1 9L-1 ,1 I sUl'Tlkll — NICE SUNNY UPPER
j -•OX _:3 flat; newly papered: yard; $15.
QQI TEUAMA. BET. FOURTH AND FIFTH—
OOX Brooms: latest improvements; rent low.
_T6 AND" $20: MODERN" 5 AND 6
I 0 • O rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher St., near S. end
1 Fillmore.
' r.W FLATS NOW READY; 3 TO 8 ROOMS;
) i.l $15 and up. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
-ROOM FLAT: FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eralst.: to a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 539 second st. .
£.1 1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS,
OX 4. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth St., bet.
j Not and Sanchez. ' ,-• • - ..
90 PROSPER ST., oFF SIXTEEN HALF
-.O block from - Market— Lovely, sunny upper
modern 6-room flat: rent $16: water fr-e.
i HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
V. rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 623 a Seventh st.
LATS TO KENT if OK VKRY LITT-i
money at BALDWIN & HA-U-ONI/^ 10
I _ icntcomery st.
; — —^ — — — — —^ mm ~ _
bOl T b-___P_iU jUOOUIs.
Bryant Street.
! 'I 1 BRYANT. NR. THIRD— SUITE;
I OX J front; $10 per month.
Buchanan Street.
• nf\cy BUCHANAN, COR. FELL— SUNNY
1 DU- bay-window parlor floor and kitchen, re-
dnced to $13 50; 3sunnv rooms 917.
- - - _ - -, Castro Street.
4f|C CASTRO, NE\R SEVENTEENTH —
"iUO Rear: 3 nice sunny housekeeping rooius:
large yard; cheap. I • ' . t " "
Clara Street.
! '91 CLARA ST.. NEAR FOURTH —95 A
«J— .3 month; large sunny furnished front room.
Eighth Street.
mFIGHTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
housekeeping.
! ■ — — — —^ — — — — —^— —^
x 11th Street.
Q1 A —SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
j Oli dow room, kitchen, bath, no children; $12.
i Q9X FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
j O-.0 keeping; 2, $10; 3. $13; single, $5 to $7.
fifteenth Street.
1 ft! fi FIFTEENTH— I SUITE HOUSEKEEP-
' X OIU ing rooms; also single rooms; bath; gas;
; sun. :■■' ■ ' r- ■• ■• .
fourth Street.
99?: FOURTH — ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
_— light housekeeping.
Fourteenth Street.
1 9QB FOURTEEN iH-2 SUNNY UNFUR-
X.—.O nlsbed housekeeping rooms; front; back
parlor; bath.
-'niton Street.
1 Q FULTON— TWO SUNNY CONNECTING
It/ rooms, furnished for housekeeping: bath; gas.
Geary Street.
GEARY". OPPOSITE PARK-916: AL-
X (71 J cove suite and adjoining room, with por-
i celain sink, bath; 3 closets: furnished.
Hyde Street.
i 9QA HYDE— NICE BACK PARLOR; COII-
Z.O\J plete for housekeeping; rent 910.
Jackson Street. -
QAI Q JACKSON— 4 FURNISHED HOUSE-
! OUI'J keeping rooms:' sunny bedroom and
kitchen; stationary itone tabs: yard: $18 50.
.Je»Mie .-tree.
£•91 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
\)*LX'i rent $9. __J t
£•- JESSIE— 2 NICE FLOORS OF 3 ROOMS
D«JU each; unfuralsbed ■ r»nt $11 and 912 each.
Lewis Street.
1 O LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3 UN-
X\) furnished front rooms: $11.
31ason Street.
I Onn MASON-2 OR 3 DELIGHTFUL FUNNY
O-.U housekeeping rooms; bath: reasonable.
OicAtiister birepc.
,199 MCALLISTER ST. — HOUSEKEEPING
tr_._. rooms; also font room. ;
>ttiom 1 street.
O-l NATOMA, COB, SECOND-2 NICELY
CX furnished rooms for housekeeping with good
yard. $2 week: also several single rooms. .
L'iW NAIuMA — _ FURNISHED FRONT
Dwt) rooms; hoosekeeping: hut water: single.
.Mil m Street.
i)l\ NINTH-FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE
I\J hongekpg: grate; gas: bath. A so 246 Eighth.
o'irurreM strao.. ■
a I 1 C'FARRELL — 2 WELLf- FURNISHED
'til front room* for housekeeping: bath:
laundry: $14: cm; wale free. : .- . .
j 9H > *-! O'FARttELL— 2 11K 3 HOUSEKEtP-
Z\3 1 O ing rooms: rent reasonable. - . -
Bass Street. ;
-I 1/, RU?S— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
lIP housekeeping. - - ■ '..
~~~~ Scott Street. .
■I -1 Q SCOTT-TWO PARTLY FURNISHED
XX O rooms for hoosekeeplnc. , :
;evnitn stree:. .
■1 AiJ SEVKNTH-CIHARD HOUSE: SUITES
1 _:— and kitchen: also single rooms. < :-'
'■ lUu-il sireo..
or»O THIRD— 2 SUNNY KOOMS FURNISHED
OD_* cugipleieforhonaekeeplui; $9.
Uu 2t«s*i Avuaae. 7
9Q9 VAN NESS AVK.— FRONT SUITES OF
£OL. 2 and 3 rooms partly or completely fi-
nished, with separate kitchen and t*» range.
riQ VAN NESS AVK. — NEWLY FUR-
-010 li'shed front sunny housekeeping rooms;
also nnsnriilshed.- ' ."- ; ■
1119 I VAN NrSS AVIS.— ELEGANT FRONT
JU_l suite,- with kitchen, gas. range, bath, etc.
BICYCLES.
BEN BURS, BRAND NEW, $15; BARGAINS
in s<-cond-hand whe« * 'DAVI;} BROS.,
cycle department, 25 Geary it- :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
KOOMS TO LX»,
Clementina xtreet. . , . '
V"ICELY FURXISHED ROOM WITH GAS IN
■L* private family : $6. 339 Clementinas-'
-.ddy Street.
C 1 O EDDY-SMALL NEAT SUNNY FRONT
till room, $8. . :
7 Q EDDY— FURNISHED ROOM: LOWER
• X U floor; running water; 94 a month.
-light- Street. .
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 58 BTH
0 st.. near Market: furnished and nnfurnisned.
Kllii Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 123 ELLIS — INCANDES-
cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining datiy papers: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night: rooms per night. 35c to
$1 50: wee*, $2 to $■*: month. $8 to 930; fire es-
capes; elevator on o_ ice floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready; hoi and cold water in each room; bat as.
'I' J»V AST ON A. ISO EL_l!^. MRN, KATE *.
X HART, manacor — A qmet hon«»: ■■ rentr%lly to-
ted: ti*w!v lurnlihwl: eieTator: not&colii wa>r.
; 701 _L_l^-— LARGE SINGLE ROOM; USE OF
I -. I bach: suitable for 1 or 2: rent $7.
i.-'mh stress.
1 HO FIFTH CARNARVON CASTLE: NICE-
XU«7Iy furnished rooms by day or week; from
91 '25 up per week.
<■'}'}; FIFTH— ROOMS; SUITES OR
■_;■_! J single: $1 up per week. '. ■.•'•■'-
.; 1 oltom Street. .
QOA FOLSOM, NR. FOU KTH— SINGLE FUR-
C— nished rooms: 91 per week.
unary Struts..
Q9Q GEARY. N±_ POWELL— SUNNY FUR-
O-.O nished bay-window and other rooms; rea-
sonable^ ■- . ■ •
nC)(\ GEAKY — LARGE FRONT SUNNY
I Zi\t room; nicely furnished: reasonable. .
91QGOLDFN GATE - SUNNY DOUBLE
— X front room, grate: anil single; cheap.
(wove street.
90 GROVE — ONE OR TWO NEWLY FUR-
— C nished sunny front rooms; grate and bath;
private family. . •
i.uUdra street.
non HOWARD, CORNER SIXTH-NICELY
•JCO furnished suites $3 50 a week; singl- beds,
$1 25 to $1 60: double beds, $1 50 to 92 COaweetc
Hyde Street.
UfITDE — NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
with closet; gas: su table for 1 or _: $«J mo.
Jones street.
\/fl7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—V I management; elegan: gunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to $30.
Market Street.
VOBEMITI IfOUSK. 1045 MARKET — TEH
I cirhi. 35c to $1: week. 91 60 to 95; families.
Kearny Street.
AKIJNOTOS -HOUSE, J27 KfIAKST -
-"\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: rirj;
( fs» in tverv respect: terms reasonacle.
"VTEW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
X \ corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month. .
- i-urkin Street. '
IHI Q 1 PARKIN —1 UNFURNISHED $6
X l/ X O2 room ; also furnished sunny.
Market Street.
7Q7 MARKET- ELEGANT SUITES AND
101 single, newly furnished and carpeted.
Mason street. .
-Unna Stre«:.
ddi MINNA, COB. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 i nished bay-window rooms, $1 a week.
.Mission Street. . .
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
Ql A MISSION ST.. NEAR FOURTH — ELB-
uIU gantly furnished rooms for gentlemen and
their wives or single gentlemen; rents reasonable.
i os: street.
FURNISHED SUITE, WITH OR WITHOUT
X I beard, rent $6: for 1 or 2 young ladles: nice
home with English lady. Apply 614 Post, bakery.
7-I •_) POST - 2 CONNECTING FURNISHED
HO sunny rooms; suitable for liah: housekpn?.
9901 PO>T (THE DoMLs)-SUNNY FUR-
-w_.U3 nished looms; tine location; rent reason-
aDie. ■ .
1 "an POST— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
lu-O with <Joub c windows, furnished.
Sansome .Street.
Q-I BANBOMET— NICE SUNNY f: HbOMS,
Ul') newly furuiahed, 93 and up. housekeeping
roomi. • •-: ,
Second stree.. : - _
Q7 SECOND— WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
Ot furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
.;Q1 SECOND— FURNISHED ROOMS.. 10c,
-.OX 16c, 25c per nisn-t: 65. to $1 50 weekly.
sixth Street.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms: ill conveniences; fireproof building.
-19- CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
1— «) nicely furnished sunny single, double rms.
KUNsWH-K HOUSE, 14» -IXIU- OPEN
a'l night rooms: 25c to 91 per night, $1 25 to
I per weak. J. v. DRAKE, manager.
91 /-I SIXTH— NICE LARGE FRONT ROOMS
-lOj to rent, cheap; also sunny back rooms, 0
Seventh street.
'■I Oft SEVENTH— A NICELY FURNISHED
i J.OO room with porch and large closet.
stock, on .].»««.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON FUR-
X nished rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
fwin STOCK TON, N. E. COR. GEA RY— _UNN V
_^UU downtown rooms: 97; gentlemen: , refer-
ences. ■ . . - .
tuiier ->tre«-.
r : A 1 SUTTER— FURNISH 1) FRONT ROOM,
111 suitable for office or other purposes.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH. NEAR MARKET— LAKGE
front sunny room for light housekeeping.
Turk Street.
9 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT 95; PRIVATE
— family; gas. bath. 242 Turk St. 4
Valencia stree.
VALENCIA— 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
— \JO bay-window rooms; hot and cold water: $12.
\ «.u >«•.» A»euii«.
rrc\<y\ VAN NESS AYE. -SUNNY FRONT
1 U_- ■% bay-window room, with grate; also two
other rooms, cheap. ■ • -".-
-1 1 f\l\ VAI? ne-s, corner GEARY— FUB-
XX\j\) nis ed sunny front room: 96; bath. g
'. BOABWIXi AND KOOMS.
D" O YTiF^WANTF "aS ELEGANT "QUIET
home, every convenience; excellent board at
most reasonable rate: private. »_. cor. Twenty-
firs: and Sanchez: take Castro-gi. car 3. , - '
79= PINE (ki.NuVA)-NEW_Y 1 URNISH-
-1 _.O ed suites and singe rooms: service strictly
first class; references. :■-. - .•• - .
"D LEASANT ROOM FOR 2 WITH BOA I D AND
X home privileges: terms $40 per month. Ad-
dress M., box 38 Call. ,
I 1 9 EDDY - LOVELY SUNNY PAKLOR3
"I i- . and other rooms, with board: -920 up. : '
UlTr. OF NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
rooms, with board. 715 Post st. "
Q(\-\ LEAVEN WOR'IH — SUNNY CuRNEtt
OV/X suites; single; excellent table; rates mod.
090 GEARY— NEWXY"~FURNI^HKD SUN-
O— .O ny rooms;; suite or single; ' board op-
tional; teru.s very reasonable; alio table board.
OTiii.BhKTU.Mi, 714 t.L'SH-A FAMILY
riotel Tf>i*r<-r.<~i-*: alt m~"*rn »-or>v^nt»nre<.
_tok_s i«> let.
B^^Xrbek^shTTp! wTth^ bTthsT~estab^
X> ilshed 18 years: 918 per month; -key. at 669
Second st. ■ ■
< arpenter-ibop; 97 per month. 5 £c Boom St.;
key at 539 Second st. ■ . ' - - l
P umolngshop; $5 per month. 3 De Boom it. :
key at 639 Second it.
Corners- ore. 531 Second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 second st. -,
(J.nr STORE 3 ROOMS; LIGHT. CELLAR.
©•— 0. 1 1128 Howard st., near Seventh. " > ,; '
TORE. 1524 HOWARD, CO f» .LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures; cheap rent. .7 - ' :
T LOW RENT— PART Of STORE AND
batement. 524 Po«- st. " : , " 
OFFICES TO tET.:
Y^nQ r^^K_T^E£_^_3vT"-'"siJifSr'Y J - :r UN^
'X Ov/Cfurals | ed offices:*uttabledoctor or dentist
ATTOKMSYS-AT-LAW. V;
A"~~^DvicE FR^E^TGrVO^UJK^I-A^V^A^SPEci-
alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuit* claims, collections. wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. O..vv. HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 Market.
/CONSCIENTIOUS, RELIABLE* ATTORNEY;
VJ all businssn strict .v confidential: terms rea-
sonable; best references; U. S. ana SUM courts.
L.EPHILLIPS,9I-2 SapremeConrt-1d,305 Larkln
— A DVICE FKEE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
A cessfn.. J. G. JEFFR.-.SS. 032 Market, rm.-3.
EW. KING. CHRONICLE- B LOG; CONSUL-
. tailor, free: probate; all cases: fee* low. :
A jUVIcK I'RKK: NOCHAKUE UNLESS sUO^
Acus.'_ W. W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market Si. ■
" — so~at,s.
YOU ARE NERVOUS!
X of course, i you are; ? you haven't slept for a
■week— you have taken everythine for relief, but
none is vouchsafed yon, when right at your door
la the only remedy :or your trouble— -
DX. SMITH'S .-...■■■
ELECTRIC-MAGNETIC
BATHS.
They never fail— always cure. Go to-day to 1533
Buchanan st., and sleep to-night. --■•■?..
I>EKINED YOUNG WIDOW WISHES TO
XV meet gentleman,: pas: 40, who would assist
her: object matrimony; no tri tiers. '■ iIi.RK. 1.,
box 67, Call Office >■. ■-'.■.*'-
RS. THOMPSON, HAIRDRKB3ER : AND
"manicure. 7 Powell st., room 14. -
GET A SHAVE A i THE LADIES' BARBER-
shop," 757 a Howard at., near Fourth. '.. - .-..•..*.
YOU CA.n BE KID OF CATARRH BY USING
X GENE'S Catarrh Care. 15. 3 Buchanan st.
I MAKE SWITCHES FOR $1; OUT OF YOUR
own hair for 75c. -I will dress yoar hair, any
style or to suit the face, lor 25c. shampoo and
plain hair-dres-ilnp, 50c I restore gray, or bleached
hair 'to'- natural co or with- periectlv harmless
preparation, $1 bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton St., nearest Geary. - . - -/■
1 TH__ PEOPLE'S UN DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicinal far-
Dished for $1;. call or write. 1029i_ Mar-ec •-,
D*-u Sixth and Seventh. ' San Francisco. Cat ;
'97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• )_. of The Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken. ■ .. : " ' ' ■- ■■■■./ .-. - ■: ' ■ .
rpO PARENTS TRAVELING— OFFERS
X home to one or • two children: infant not ob-
jected to: every care and comfort; healthy cli-
mate; British Columbia- Address, witu porticu-
lars, to Mater, box 60, Call Uffire.
I- ARLINGTON'S eCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
' and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms. etc 424 'Pine st. ; illustrations :umished
for magazines, newspapers, etc. '
\i/ ILL GENTLEMAN WHO FOUND PARROT
•» please leave address at 1215 Union st.  .
KTISTIC HaIRDKES^I.NG, 25c: 925 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot core.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market at., room 28.
* DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
jCjL dally: private: no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits?* claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 860 Market
THE ANIMATOSCOPc. THE PERFECT
screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Anlmatoscope Company,
9/(3 Market St., San Francisco, seventh floor.
DR. C. E. FAKNLM HAS MOVED TO THE
Parrotv building, over Emporium, 3d fl.. r. 003.
UPTUKE AND PlL.fc.3 CURED: .\u Pa V
XV until cured: send for book. DBS. — L_N— .
FIELD * POKTERFIELD. 838 Market st :. - j
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
cbine; uses theklnetoscoperilma; price 9250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. - .
LJ Ol_i_n"a ijOilA CUlt_— aUt, CUKe. bX>A
XJ corns, bunions, warts: "5c- 827 Montgomery.
P11T» CLEAN KUU i'BmsKH $1; REPAIRS
Odyeine done. 131Montcomery.r. tfl.reU L' 374.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
»» Ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
l_> I A DOZEN — FINE CABINETS Ai' \vTL7
OX SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
■ ItlG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON *HOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
ELcCIKIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
-00 rooms. -'5c to $1 &0 per night: 91 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVi-. YOUR FEATHKR-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCaBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVOKUK AND ANNULMENT ut' MAK-
riage; terms of payment oblising: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9U6 Market St., S. F.
IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, J_W-
j elry, etc : lowest ratei. 948 Market st.
1 AAA CARDS. 91 50. SHOW CARDS. ETC
XUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22^ Geary st.
RAZUK EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASK-
meat: tine edge put on razor for "5 cents. ;
pLOAKS, FUKS AND OL'lTa DETAILED AC
\J whol«>sal9 rricp<. Fnctorv. 20 Sansome nt. .
u1.i..v,1.Vh1.i0.
Surra MAD- FROM $3 up skirts. 75c:
capes. 91- ti coarantf Pd. 559 Stevenson st.
CLAIKVOYAXTS.
•\IRS. DR. F.CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
IVL famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
[ vorces, separations, lawsuits, . business transac-
! tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, '.on or stole-
property, lost or absent ■ friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and v born" to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desirei.
call on this gifted woman and she mill send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours Va. a. to sp. m.. strict. N. B. — lsfaction
gnaranteed by mail.' Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket su. Darlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and. cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost lov» by svmpatny: mistake Im-
possible: fee 91; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr Larkla.
me. porter, Wonderful claikvoy-
ant card- reader,' born with double veil and se-
cond sight: diagnoses diseases, with full life read-
Ing: ladies, iiOc: gents,- $1; palmistry and clair-
voyant sittings, 91 to. 126 Turk St.. near Jones.
\l KS. VAN DE VERE, TH.-. MARVEt'OF
I'i. many lands— Past accurately reviewed: future
precisely toretold; mines located; business and
love affairs a specialty; magnetlst; letters an-
swered. Kocm 1,1 Fifth St.
ME. WALTERS OF IE HAM A: CAH.ll>: LA
d!<_. Ma; gents, 50c 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
\P3Y LIFE-JEADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market: ladles 25c, gents 50c
ME. LENKSIAR— FORTUNES ToLD BY
planets. 815 Mission st,. room 2: walk in.
MX. LEGK'ITE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c: one prl.-e. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
future husband or wife. Sue 76JVa Howard.
& | AiE. HANS. N. PALMIbi.CAR. -KEA-1-.K;
l'l past, present and future; 25c. 148 (Jin st., r. 5.
K-. B.B.KUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlK-
voyant in the city. - Residence 132 Turk st.
ME. MOKEAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city: fe«2sc up. 764 Howard st.
» RRTVED — MEDIUMISTIC AND CARD-
_■» reading marvel of theage;2scup.l Polk st..rl4
\|ME. KAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY .'
lv business advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
Mr. MABEL WOODS, CARD HEADER AND
magnetic healer: charms Km. 8. 207 Post st.
Mi-'-Y_iLj<- T*.LL.-> FKOM CP.ADLK TO
grave: pictures Riven;ladleM 25c: '.U4 CFnrrelL
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIKVOYANT. TELLS
post, present and future; success to all; lor-
tunes by mail; low criees. '■, 856 Mission st.
V OKTU NKS TOLD BY BOTH MUIttEK AND
X? daughter; truth*. : lt>3s Hyde st.
mm ruth Harrison OF N. V.. MAG-
netic hea er; card-reader. R. 17. 109 a Powell.
tx' Alii 1 C a i*im,
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDl-
udi; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations a specialty. b3> Mis-
sion s*. ••'-,'..■■ i -.' ■-■■' *•:';..■ ■■ v ' ' ■ ■-■ '-. J : :.'•'
TK-TMEETING.BP. M.: 10c 335_lcALLIS-
ter St.; Stitt, Clemens and others; ., skeptics
Invited- « ; -.
"PEOPLE'S SPIRITUAL MEETING, 111 LAR-
X ki i St.. 8 P. M.— Mrs. Warmauth. boy orator.
others. Election of officers, Jan. 19. Admission loc
«j9/j MCALLISTER— MKSI C. J. MEYEK;
O_.U test meetings every nlcht. 10c- Toe.. Wed.,
Fa, 'i p.m. ; trail ceclr., bat. _Mon.eve 25c; bus.stgs
\f RS. BARCLAY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM and
lv. magnetic healer: sittings daily. Room 10,
110 Sixth si. ,•'•• ■ ' •■■■;'
MRS. J. J. WHWNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
l ranee test' medium and life reader. . 218
Stockton st. ■■■■.': ; -.■■ : ■■■■-
*| KS. KLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGs.9 TOB. 91;
MX circles Tues., Frt.. 2P. _ 25c 233 Valencia.
A- M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer :: 118 Hal-h'. St.: hours 9 until 6 P it
\ HYPNOTISM.
TTYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
XI succem erid.HvpnoticMesmericlns,6O'Farre I
":;■; HORSES.
|A HOKSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS^
_U buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arrade Hors»
Market,- 327 sixth st,: nuction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVaN it DO i LX, Auc loncers.
rpiiE EMPORIUM ■ BAL_» V ARI>S. TiV VA.
X lencla su, .is the place to go If you want to bar.
Mil or -exchange horses, bunnies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock. ;.'
F.A|| SET AND Si_CON Lt-HA.N o _.l -V
O\l\J ness; all kinds: bogey. wagon, carts, surrey
_ rockawar; 40 cheap te©rs»i. 15th and Vale-iciv
LINE 6-YEAR-OLD MARK; SUITABLE FOR
X; business or private use.: 605 McAllister.
Uh.lL' DKIVING A.M> WOK rv ' HOKSl— j;
t)U weicht 1000 to 700 Ibv H62 Howard st
*:\v'A_O>'i iANII : CAltitlAiiJfcsJ^
OR~SA_E— 2-SEATED URREY ; } NEARLY
J uew; cheap. 1 09 Lagur.a st. ..
<3k-e and bcggy sale, apply
at 716 Kolsom st. >• ?
'..-"".- 'v/ : :-. SIOBAGK,
TORAGE— C^?A^*E^t7n~tTiE^ITyT?IKE^
O proof building: advances made. -t 2:1 L-ricln. .
'L'URNITL'RK. " ; PIANOS. «' TRUNKS: •-■-AD- i
S: ,vance».- shipping ' L*__H( L. : 1 A YL0K. 204 !»:>%•.
■ : *• ; . ranicun.
TTRrcTcr^iTaNl?FXiTiibT^rATrk^^ coit
JL/Uolde'nGate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty.
... . - .. . . - - ..- 5 ....... .-..,.> .. .... ■ - — r. ■■ *" ■
■]T _V, city real ESTATE, ' •
A I AXE UP YOUR mind. ~~~
Make up your mind to save $5 a month and
buy a lot. It is the very best use you can make of
your money, as It is a splendid savings tanK and
one that pays big interest. - r \ .
$5 MONTHLY 1;
Will bay a lot facing a street that isSgraded, sew-
ered acdmacadaaiized; on the line of an electric
road. .
, PRICE $350.
Over 125 lots have been sold. Many homes have
i been built: others now in course of construction.
SEETHE CASTRO-ST. ADDITION.
Take Mission or Valencia s - . cars: transfer at
Fourteenth st. to electric road: transfer again at
Thirtieth st. and ride 5 minutes to the corner of
Castro and Chenery sts.; agent on th» ground Sun-
days. tall at our office, or on E. M. LONG, 3207.
Twenty-second St., cor. Mission. -;
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery s:.
Ji.jr- 60x125 FT.; N. SIDE LOISOS ST..
(JO I O. bet. Plymouth and Capital; Railroad
Homestead Association. v: . ••
$160— 100x120, In block 115, University Home-
stead Association. . ' . >
$950— Will buy 2 lots. 150x100 each; Excelsior
Homestead Association. * - • "•■:.•
5—25x100; S. side Shields - St., Bear Wor
cesier avr.; block 1. City Land Association.
CHAS-'C FISHER. 507 California at.
«r£izlfin AN OPPORTUNITY seldom OF-
«j! OttUU. ■ f.red to purchase an elegant, strictly
modern 10-rcom house on car line; close to Golden
Gate Park: '.arms $500 cash, balsnre flat loan or
Installments.. ENGLISH & MORRISSEY, 628
Market st.
•Vf ISSION COTTAGES, ■ - .■ ~ ~
IVI - . $1850, $2100.
ONLY $300 CASH.
On Vermont St., near 24tb, 2 blocks east from
terminus of Howard-st. cars at 24th and Potrero
aye.; 4 and 6 rooms each, with baths, basements,
tiled sinKs, wooa mantels, stone sidewalks, etc. ;
street work done; terms to suit; 16 cottages so.d
in same block by F. NELSON, builder, 4144
Twenty-fifth st., near Castro. ~ -,■;.;.
-C. BE MIS, ~~ ~~ : ~^~ *
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and buy.
. $6000— 2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each at
park: '25x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer. . . '
. (8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl 6ts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Barsain— SW. cor. Fiflrt ay. and 0 st. : 109x95 ft. j
7 ROOMS: NEW; JUST FINISHED; EASY" \
I ternis: see It to-day; 35 Joost aye. : close to
cars: bunnvside Tract. THE MCCARTHY COM-
PANY. 646 Market sr.
to 1(1(1 WILL BUY PROPERTY WHICH
C*'!"" nets a profit of $15 per month. Apply
meat market, 1105 Mission st. .
l/OR KALE UN EASY TERMS-MODERN
X houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.: house i
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
see them to-day. .Take Uaight or Eli is street car,
Let off at Masonic &ye.; owner on premises.
VTEWHOUSE: ONLY ONE LEFT; 2849 FILL-
-1.1 more st.: will cell cheap; built by day's work:
furnace heat: unobstructed marine view; good
investment: house open. ■
G:/innn FOR sale or exchange.
<3l'±\J\J\J . New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; lot 52x160.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO«
.14 Montgomery st.
i UOFfcKTS 40 KXCUANUE.
TV T ANTE D— O A SXASD OR BERKELEY
»» property in exchange for improved city prop-
erty. See A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
OKND rUB OUK LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sa!». WOOSTRK WHITTOX. San .lo^.
PBOPEKTI WANTED.
WANTED FOR CASH— COTTAGE: ALA-
»» meda or Oakland ; near local; $1200. SPECK
A CO , 602 Market st '
Mi; me ax. ~~
NE^RKMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price I
{5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never ;
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no ;
delay; years' experience: first-class home In con- '
finement. Dr. «fe Airs. Da vies, 14 McAllister sc-, j
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free: French pills
$2: hours, 9 a. M. to 4, 7to 8 p. ic. • |
A I-ROCfcSS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE- ;
J\. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used: '
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DH. DAi~hlY, 112 d
Market st.. over the Owl Drag btore. , .. ( ._■ - ■ ■_.
DR. FOULKT'H FRKNCH CAPSCLK3 — A
guaranteed absolute cure 'for ail : female dis-
eases (uo matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dan? r or after effects: taken in time it !
also acts as. a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
cent free by mail on receipt of . price. WALLER i
BROS.. 33 Grant ave^ ' . .- :,
NEW PKoCfc!»-NO MEDICINE, . NSTRC-
men: or worthless pills used; every womaa
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day; caa
be sen; and used -at home; all canes guaranteed.
DR. POPPEhand MRS. DRS. NAIL, 318 Kearny.
ALL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hoars: safety assured at any
time: instant relief for traveler): home in confine-
ment: cor suit free; confidential: hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. WVKTH. 916 Poit St.. near Larkin.
R& I.OOUWI.V, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far. safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis iow tees: self cure. 804 MoAllisterst.
LPKA-. FRENCH PILLa— A BOON TO
ladles with female troubles: ■ no danger; safe
and sure. $2 50 txpress C. v D. ; don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
i * fi>UKK cUKb. FOR ALL FfcMALK Dl»
: A eases, from whatever cause: home confine*
aen:; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MR& DR.GWYER, JJ26 Turk su
on't fail to consult d«. jukdan at
his museum. 1051 MarceC st.: bis 30 yean'
EOccessful practice Is a irniu-aniea of fair treatment;
the went cages treated satisfactorily by mail.
Q. - r\r\ paid for a ca*e I fail TO CURE
tJp»JUU of female complaints or diseases of the !
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, 3^S Geary
lyiCE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
ii at the most reasonable price in the city. MRS.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Foisom si. - rr ; ;
U PRAK> FEMALE KKUULAI'INii PILLS;'
safe and efficient emmenairogue; $1 par box.-
RICH ARDS & CO..drugKists, 406 Clay si., sole
F. LYING-IN <PRIVAI"r) HOMK; DIS-
• eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9. :
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St., Alameda..
If IRREGULAR OKA-NY FEMALE Dl-EASB
!f .M?.s. DX. PUETZ and becoatenu 'J&4Ui 4ta.
I .R. HALL, 14 McALLISIER»TRi£KT. NhAlt
1 ' Jones. . Diaeases of women and children. ■ -■
. vVlicK't* NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
• ■ \ WEEKLY CALL. la wrapper, tor mailing.
I'KOPOSALS.
"prop?>saTs "" '■ 7—— — ~- 7
X for '
PAPER FOR THE H'BLIC PRINTING AND !
BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received i until
January 21, 1897. at 10.30 o'clock a. it., for fur-
ni-.Uingtbe PAPER for the PUBLIC PRINTING
and BINDING for the year ending 28:h of Febru-
ary, 1898. the said proposals to be opened before
and the award of con. racts to be made by the Joint
Committee of Congress on Public Printing to the
lowest and beat bidder for the lnte:es: of the Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to itself the
right to reject any and all bids as l.s judgment of
the best Interests of the Government may dictate.
Detailed . schedules of the description, quantity
and quality of the paper required, accompanied by
samples and blank proposals and giving the regu-
lations with which bidden must comply, can be
obtained by addressing Th. E. Benedict, , Public
Printer, Washington, D. C. ' 'iliil'JHlJllilillHlUMl
. The contracts will be entered into for supplying
such quantities of papsr as may be needed during
the year, ana no more.
The estimated quantities set forth in detail in
the schedule comprise: ■ .■■■■'. •V-- ; vi-
. 05,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
- .- ■ -. 24x38. ;■ s ■■/-" ■■ .- ■■:• >• ■
15,000 reanr.s machine-finish printing paper.
38x48.
24,100 reams siz^d and ; super - calendered
white or tinted printing paper, various
sizes. ■ • ' .■:■'.■■:
23,500 reams' white writing ' paper, various
s zes and weigti. ...
2,400 reams . colored writing paper, various
■■■'-■-■ . sizes ana weights- - ■
1,500 reams cover paper, various - sizes and
weights. IiHSSSSB
' 75.000 pounds of best plate paper. :
125. pounds of best map pap t.
175,'j0U pounds fine coated wood-cut piper.
3.100 reams maiiila Daper, various sizes and
- :'.- ■ "' - Wl-lghtS. *" ■ ■■■'■; ' - : ..' ". ' V ' : '
100,000 pounds glazed bond paper. ' '
20,000 pounds artificial ■: parchment, ■ various
- sizes.- ■!■>.' ■ ■ : . •
2.000 pounds parchment dead. . .
100,000 sheets cardboard, various colors, sizes
'■•■• " - : and welzbts V-* ■',''• ■
1,725,000 sheets biis:o. board, various colors. sizes
an 1 weights. ..'-■■-;..■.. ..,. •■';■.• •■■•:■:■-
-7.200 reams first-class , ledger paper, white or
b.-.:e, I..id or wove, various ' sues and
- '■.. weights. -,"■- ■-:.:■■ .•■ ..' .'..,■ >.
9,000 reams second-class ledger paper, white
.- or blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights. ? ■"■ ■ •; - ■■■ -
2,700 reams tissue and copying paper.
i>s reams blotting paper, any required color
--'< or wt-i.-ht. ;,- .:--,.' ... ■ ■ :.,-.-. .-•...
150 reams tar paper.. 24x36. ■ ,■
345 reams plaid, marble, and comb paper,
various sizes. . . •• :- .:■ -
- 350 reams typewriter Daper, various sizes
-••■■', ami weights. ■..-.. ■
665 reams cap. letter and note paper,
10J reams white French folio. 17x22.
. 2,000 sheets parchment, 15x21. -.:,..
Prop<-aal3 will be, received tor one thousand
reams or more. ' " ' ■----■■ •...-... .
y- By direction of the Joint Committee of Congress
on Poollc Printing. .TH. E. SEN-; 1 ICi , ;
:■'■ » .-. •; ■.:■■-<; ■ t Public Printer. :-'
Washington. December 21, 1896. ■■'■■■-■
; COUXTET REAL ESTATE.
qoa f\f\l\ 1000 ACRES RICH VALLEY
<Z)O\J.\J\J\i. land In best bay county, at sta-
tion, with grain warehouse; 600 acres sowed to
wheat: easy terms. W. V. HOLCOM & CO., 512
California st. ■ . • .
HICKKN-RANCH OF 2J/ 2 ACRES LAND;
\J house of 6 rooms, with basement: well and
barn: horse, cow, pig 3, chickens, wagon, plow and
everything complete; . cheap. Apply C. S., 617
Sacramento st. - "
A TTENTION-WtHAVJS 83 ACRES CHOICE
xl land near Pleasanton. that must be sold at
once; product last year 700 sacks o. barley and 60
tons of hay: all fenced: 4 flowing springs; owner
will take $35 per acre if taken immediately. Ala-
me.ia Land Company, 57 Chronicle building.
ANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE: 1280
At acres timber: plenty water; excellent stock
ranch: best par of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call office.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lai.as for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, san Francisco, Cal.
ll.T^.*:i I "ixUMi.a t uiiUari .To TOW A, IM-
■i proved: ' easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
en 8 and 10 rears' credit. 1). H. TWING. Sononu
City: every Monday a; 633 Market St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
1?OR SALE— 6-ROOM COTr AGE AS GOOD AS
-T new, $1500: Installments: within one block of
local and electric cars. Address E. B. THuRNE,
480 Tenth st., Oakland. . •
BARGAIN— IO PER CENT \ l-.T ON
money; 2 blocks to local; 2 houses; $2000
cash: rent for $28 per month: must sel'. Address
WJJ. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
L'I'LBERT »T.. OAKLAND: 8-KOOM HOUSE;
T large lot; buildings alone cost $4000: for sale,
>00 ; great bargain. C. K. KING, »02 Broad-
way, Oakland.
7- to *150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
• O lots in the town of jfltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. itUNKLE, owner, blsVa Washington si,
Oakland. Cat.
t£« 1 en LOT'S NEAR THE ALTENHEIM iv'
«!p I«JU. Fruitvale; electric cars: only $1 down
and $1 a week ; selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PINNEV. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
I OAKLAND lIKMITIKE JTOK SALE.
I IV K * K I'IA.MONIiS i>i PA 1 Ku.vlZl.Mi H
»» SCHF.LLHA \s, furniture-dealfir, l.th. OaKld
* OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
3"~»{OOmT""f0R HOUSEKEEPING;" RENT?
$10 per month. Apply 821 Market St.. Oakland.
bl-.Uiv i.l-l.i HOUSES.
FOR SALE OR RENT — TWO J NICE COT-
tages. North Berkeley; fine view; one block of
depot. Inquire at Thompson's Hotel.
;. MOHKT TO LOAN.
©Qfil'ft" i\Cif\ AT K1/ 2 PER CENT ON city
<p<J^-'"«*'C'v' real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
DVA>CES UN VI AMON I>S, WATCHES,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWK-LR*
STOKE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, § iD;OR MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
-WISE AND save INTEREST — money
loaned on everything. Cut Bate Loan uttica,
room 7, Flood building. * Pledges for sale cheap. .
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: bo commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. Donohae bldg. 1170 Market si.
ffl.').)' nnn a1 * bank RATE-*: IST AS!)
%jtO.S'J. \J\J\J 2d monsazes. estates, rents, etc.;
nd as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
\\THY PAY HIGH.INT. ON SMALL LOANS? 1
it We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d' mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
"PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: low interest. N^oox 15, Call Office.
O.NEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
N FURNITURE AND PIaNOS: WARRANTS
\J cashed. SCRIBNEB <fc CO, 7 City Hall aye.
C>r f\ TO $50,000; LOW EaT KAIL: <fc 2D
I tj'fjyj mortgage: Oat or instimnt. Dryden. 535 CaU
I 4 DVANCE-. ON DIAMONDS. JEW ELRY.I". TO
J\ (olnrnhl". l.onn & ' ollatpral Ofllo<». »> '-rant ay».
PAWNBKOKtKS.
i DVANCES OS DIAMONDS,JEWKLRY, SIL-
! -T\.verware,'pianos:low rates. Loan, 133Taylor
lUH£al' PRICK 1-AIU FOR USI OF?
clothinz. < Osrnono'ltHn loan Office. 49 TTitrd.
MUSICAL i>sTKiraiJiNTs.
A RE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE pui£
|jC3C chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to mak« the
selection; bargains for cash, instalments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some piano* for $3,
$4 an 1 $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
[ $6, $7. $8, (9 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts: all
purchasers of vi right pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same fora Steinnay any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. repre-
sentatives of Stein way <£ Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and -u.ter sta., San Francisco; also Oakland,
■ Cal.; Portland. Or.: Seattle, v-v ash.
V» E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
IT the wonderful Ivers it Pond pianos, a specially'
'elected stock: all styles, uprights and grands:
Just received; it is impossible to make a better
1 piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
! agents for Ivers <& Pond, Lindeman. Connor,
Muehlfeid. Haynes and Singer * pianos. J. T.
BOWERS <£ SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
, A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A. house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SOO'Farrell st.; pianos, or-
gans and ail other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy: price* lowest;
everything possible cone to please »nU satisfy >.na
customer. . . . .■- ■ . "
A CIUaLIY THIS Bi-.ST BARGAINS IN PC-
anos; see our l:s: lor this week; pianos on $<
! $4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
; menu; tine stool and rover with each; delivered
; tree anywhere in the city and kept tuned byes-
pert concert tuners. The V. W. SPE.NOEU CO,
salesrooms 83S Market St.. opp. Mason.
AINU.*, BuI&H & GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-
uprights, $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT <£ CO.. 324 Post St.
PIANOS S v.D. RENTkD, TUNED. RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
lean any other firm in the city. J.HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st. :
BARGAIN — FINE CHICKERING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister su, next Hibernla
! Bank..
I ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MU»T SELL?
jtx. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins' ailments. EATON ESTATE, 733 Market.
LINE SQUARE. . $J5; STEINWAY OR
• Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. :
VINE ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT PIANO;
X- also bedroom, set. 125 Vi Oak st.
TjMiEGANT NEW UPRIGHT: WILL~BE SOLD
Hi a; a sacrißct. 803 GolJen Gate aye.
(tUn A »'OOD 7-OcTAVE UPRIGHT: FINE
tjVVJ. condition ; $oins'-nlimts.22lLeavenworth.
INK 9TEINWAV: CHIiAP FOB CASH.
Room 10, 809 Maricet st. . ■ . .
ALMOST N>.WH ARDM AN -PIANO; MUST
J\. be sold, hoom 10, Flood building.
1 A ; SHAW. STEINWAY $250. CHICKERING
■A $185; great bargains: s4 mo HEINE, I3B F:i.'U
O1 Pi ft"; DhCKKR BROS.'; IN GOOD ORDER.
31) LJU. BRUENN'S piano home, 228 Post.
AGNIFICKNT STEIN WAY .UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019VanNew
WG. BADUEIt. SO..E A' KNT FOR H A I'
« • .i Davis ari'J Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRON )ULZ\. 20a . PvftT - H'l.-xOHMhh,
Newby A Evans. BriggH and other pianos.
(^UPERIOi-. VIOLINS, ZlTHii-KS, OLD* NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. '£ Latham place.
■ A ; DOLLAR a WKJtK ON'HK.ST.CUXTKjkUT.-
J\. buys new piano. 136 E'.lis st. ,
• HOTELS. :
TJBOOKLYa^""hoTEIT bcsh"'?-?^
iJ board and room $1 to $2 per day. 46 to $12
per wee&; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $i to si 50 per night: first-class
service: free coacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY.
LATEaI sIIIPPiAC. IXTliLlilUti.itii.
MoTements of Tram- Atlantic ss < » ••?*.
NEW r YORK— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr • Werra.
from Genoa. '. . '$ <~ '■'.•"■ ' '■ ■ -,
BREMEN-Sailed Jan 12— v.mr Spree, for
N^w York. ..:■..-:. v- ... . •■■.,._■- ■ >.■.:•..,
GLASGOW— Arrived out Jan 12— Stair State of
Nebraska, irom New York. , ■
■■•■ GENOA— Arrives out Jan 12— Stmr I'ulda from
New York. :■■ T'ji HllllipililinHnniH
1 LiZARD— Passed Jan 12— Sim , i-t Louis, from
New A'or<, for ' /. ■ ,r .
, MlttblAbK liitTkWt—L '
rh*> following marriage Uce3se3 hare bean
tssn?d by th«Countv Clerk's office:
Michael O'Nell and Mary Quinn. 36— 24.
Peter P. McDonouzhand Picnic Berg, -4-2 a
Henry G. Mesa and Ines M. Kenuey. 24—25.
Robert J. Carter and Maggie A. I res'.ey. 42—26.
V J. K. Harrington and Blanche A. Finger, 24—17. :
. George T. Cameron and ;*ue U. < rook 23—19. -
- Nile* H. Btorw aid xiveline Kropp. 30— 23.
." Gottlieb Brandli and r.oiln.i Burz. 53—50. -
" Charts M»g-res:ind Bre^itte itrellh. 28 — 23. ■
George Har.nian and Lottie Wright, 23 22. ■
Victor Larrus and. Marie A. Lafforgue, 27—24. '
Joseph C. Toiten und Helen G. 1 Wins, 24— '?H
George E. Gib.ttt and Amanda O. Lurm, 32—23.
tIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marnas9 and death notices sent by mall
•rill not ba. lnserted. . They must be hinled in «■,
•ither of the publication offices and be lndorj»t
wit the name an i residence of parsons authorize!
to have the same pob'.ished. j
BOKS.
D ALEY-In this cttv. -Jsnnarr 11. 1597, to the
. wife of James H. Diley, ail*ughfer.
LlCHTlG— January 11, 1897. to the wife of T.
LientU, a daughter. - •--' •
NELSON— j aauary 9, 18&7, to the wife of N. a
Nelson, agon.
rAYLOB— In this city, ' January 3, ■ 1897, to the
"wife of James Taylor, daughter. ' ' •
, •; - . : DIED. *■: <■.--■".• •" :
Bellrud". Jacob M. Hubacher. Reuben W.
Boyce, Patrick Lennox, i-l:za
Burri. Kasper Levin, Aroalia
Dlmond, Hugh Lord. Mary
Cochrane. Kdgar R. -Macionald, Morton C
Coolsaan (Infant) Meherin, Mary
Curtis. Clara M. . Meyers. Henry
Doherty, Isa belle Mocitler, Eleanor .
Dunnlgan. Mary J. Mo'kler, John '
Floccn art, John. Neissen, Captain G. E,
Fowler, William G. - - O'Connor, John
Freudenberg, Frank A. O'Leary, William
Graves, Autone L. Parkin. Edward H.
Hanley, James It van, Mary
Hill, Sarah J. G. Saner, Kilen A.
Holmes, William . . Saipman, Catherine
Vigoureux. Dr. W. a.
BELLKUDE-In this city, January 13, 1597.
Jacoa M., beloved husband of Martha C>. Bell-
rule, and father of Oliver V. Lizzie M. and
Nina L'eilruia, a native o' Norvray, aged 63
year* and II months.
BOYCB— in this city. January 11. 1897. Patrick,
I beloved husband of Elizabeth Boyce, and fi.ner
of Mary E. Boyce, Mrs. J. P. Baby and Mrs. P.
H. Reardon. a native of County Limerick. Ire-
land. HiteA 65 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 :S0 o'clock a. >».. from bis late
residence, 1603 Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy and Scott streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will . be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing a: '1 0 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURRI— In this city. January 11. 1897, Kasper
Burrl. a native of Switzerland, aged 8 0 .-ears.
S3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invite a to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, between Third and Fourth. Interment
L O. O. F. Cemetery.
COCHRANE-ln this city, January 12, 1897,
Ed^ar P.ussell, beloved son of Richard R. an.l
D.)l.ie Cocnrane. a native of San Francisco, aged
8 years 9 months and 9 days. -
COOLSAAN— In this city. January 11, 1897. in-
fant son of Horace Cooisaau, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 days.
CURTIS— In Oakland, Jannarr 12, 18?7. Clara
M., beloved wife of Dr. E. D." Curtis and daugh-
ter of the late William Hopkins of Jackson
, County. Michigan, ajei 44 years and 9 days.
DIMOND— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the tat*
Hugh Dimoud at St. Anthony Church. East
Oakland. TO-MORROW (Thursday), at J» o'clock
a. jr.- Friends and acquaint aces are respect-
fully invited to attend.
DUNNIWAN— In this city. January 12, 1897,
Mary Joseph lne. beloved wife of the late Michael
Dun n'gan, and dearly beloved mother of Michael
J. and Nellie Dunuigan, a native of Count y
1 Ro3common, Ireland, a^ed 63 years. fNew Or-
lea s, Cincinnati and Providence papers please
copy.i . ...
£3*Frlends and acquaintances are rcspect-
fu.ly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. it., from hsr
late resliien-e. 408 Fourth street, thence to St.
■ Rose's Church, where I a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for thereuose of her soui, com-
' mencing at 11 o'clock a. st Interment Hoi/
Cross Cemetery. ■
DOHERTY— In Oakland, January 11,13 97, Isa-
belle Doherty, a native of New Mexico, aged let
year* 5 months and 4 days.
FLOCKHART— In the City and Count? Hospital.
January 12. 1897, John Flock hart, aged 40
: years.
FOWLER— In this city, January 11. 1897. Wil- .
liam G. Fowler, a native of Massachusetts, aged
52 years 4 months and 11 days.
FREUDENBERG-Emered into rest, la this city.
January 12. 1497. Frank Andrew, oeioved son of
Martin aid Anna Freudenberg, and brother of
Martha, Harry, Rudolph and the late John
Freudenberg, a native of San Francisco, aged- 5
yean 6 montns an 1 8 days.
GRAVES— In Oakland, January 11. 1897. Antone
Lewis Graves, a native or California, aged 17
years 9 months and 28 days.
HANLEY— In this city. January 12, 1897, James
Hanley, aged 44 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HILL— In Oakland. January 12, 1397, Sarah J. G.
Htil, a native of Scotland, aged 85 years. .
HOLMES-In the City and County Hospital.
January 11, 1897, William Holmes, aged 65
yeara. -
HUBACHER— At California Drydocc. Hunters
Point, South San Francisco, January 12. 1897.
Reuben Wesley Hubacher, dearly beloved and
' youngest sou of John and i'-mcia L. Hubacber.
and brother of Etna, Elmer aril Louisa Hn-
bacher, a native or San Francisco, aged ' 8
months and B days. . . .. ; - -
j|S* Friends and acoaalntances are respect-
fuiiy ii vited to attend the f ineral TO-MoRko*V
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. a., from Ihe resi-
dence of his parents, California urydock. Hunt-
ers Point, thence to Fif tee ncb-a venue K. E.
Church, between N and P streets «outh. Soum
San Francisco, for services, commencing at 11
o'clock a. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
LENNOX— Tn'thl* city, January 10, 1897. Eliza,
beloved wife of Jarvls Lennox, and mother of
Wiliia-n. Elizabeth, Howard, Anna and Benja-
min Lennox, Mrs. S. A. Leslie aid Mrs. R. J.
Sample, a native of County Antrim. Ireland,
age 1 53 year* 6 months and 10 days.
JS3~Frien<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fall »• invited to at ten 1 the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence. 14J4 Montgomery street, between
Filbert and Greenwich, thence to Si. Peter's
Church, corner o Filbert and Stockton siren; s,
lor services. In.erment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEVIN— In this city, January 12, 1 897, Ama'.la,
beloved wife of H Levin, and mother of Mm. M.
Cohen. Mr*. J. Gresman and J. Levin, a native
of Fordo.i, Germany, aged 63 years. .
LORD— In Oakland. Januiry 9lt 97, Mary Lord,
a na ire of California, aged 31 years 11 mouths
and 8 days.
MACDONALD-In tnls city. January 11, 1897.
Morton C. Macdonaid, a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 4.2 years.
MEHERIN— In this city, January 12, 1897. 3«ary.
beloved wife of Martin Meherin. and mother 01
Mrs. C. T. Adsmi, Mm. Georzs . McKenna, Mrs.
William Savage, Mri. M. Laogiey and John,
Peter anl Martin Meberin. a native of the parish
of Dysars, County Roscommon, Ireland. »geJ
t>7 years.
Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
full.- invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. k., from the par-
lors of the Pac tie Undertaken, 777 Mission
street, between Third and Fourth, th -nee 10 S..
Rose'i Chur mi, where a soiemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MKYEHS-In tali city, Henry, beloved husband
of An nle Meyers, an 1< father of Mrs. Fra-ik H.
.lorimtjn. a native of ilanuver, tier in.-, as* I
78 year* and 11 moot.jj. tpotaae papers
plefwe copy.]
49~iuterment private.
MCX kLE'— this city. January 11. 1897.
Elpanor, beloved wife o: John Mocicler, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, azed 85 years." . Also
John, beoved btubvndol the late Eleanor 3lock-
ler, '■ a native of Cashel, County Tipp»rary, Ire-
land, aged 95 years. [Eastern papers please
co;..- ]
' t3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu y Invited to attend the funeral THIS-i/.vY
(Wedneslay) as 8:30 o'clock a. m. from",- their
late residence, 222 ' Duncan street, thence to St.
Panl'a church, wh»re a solemn requiem muss
will be celebrated for the repose of (heir souls,
commenclns at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Hoy
. Crass Ceme-.ery. ; Please omit riowera. . ';
NEI-SKN*- In this city, January IS, 1897, Cap-
tain George E., beloved husbaud of Either Neis-
sen. a nativ > o.' German?, ag.-d 40 years 4
months and 19 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 11, 1897. John,
husband of Elea O'Connor, and father of James,
Mary and ll*rrar-c O'Connor, ilr\. WU:iaoi
. Bali win and Mrs. David S.eele,a native of Us.o-
wel, Ireland, aged 69 years. :
O'LEARY— In this city. January 10. 1597, Wil-
liam O'Leary, a native of Ire and, me 1 6t year*.
PARKIN— this city. January 11, 1897. Ed-
ward- H. Parklo, b-.ov-d husband of Laura J.
and father of Maoe. 3:1! Charles A. Parkin, a
•* ■' native of England, aged 47 years 8 mouths and
2d«rg. •■:-
.- /tyFri^ncls and acquaintances are respect-
ful y inv&pd to attend :ne funcrttl THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. st, from big late
* residence, 215 Chattanooga street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cem-tery. '
RYAN— In this city, Januarys 11. 837, Mary
Ryan, a native of Ireland. a-re;l 62 years.
SAUER— In San Kaf .c.. January 11. 1897. Ellen
Agnes, beloved wife uf Jourv A. saner, a native
or Boston, aged 34 yean 1 month a n I 3 days.
. [Boston and New Orleans papers pleate copy.
- SS3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful, y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
I (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. a., from the Ca h-
. olic Church. San Rafael, i mermen Holy Cross
: Cemetery, 1 San Francisco, by 11-.S'J o'clock a. it.
train from San Ra.-aal. ' - '
BHIPMAN— In this city, January 12. 1837, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Stephen A. Shipman,
daughter of Mary, ana ' the late John Callahan.
and sister of Margaret, Mary. B Mis aad Daniel
Callanan. a native of -«ai rnaaOiMM , aged 24
years 10 months an! 1 day. .. : -.
-Notice >! tunera; larsaßt?.
VIGOUREUX —An anniversary .requiem . mass
will be celeorated TO-MORROW (T .iKsday at
jlO o'clock a. x., In - 1. lorn intc's Church, corner
of Bush ana Steiner' streets, for the happy re-
pose of the sou of inn late Dr. William A. Vig-
ours ax. who tiled January 7 189 S.
" , MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS JsEJIBALUKE 1
SO tilth. St., Opp. Lincoln School. -
' '■ Telephone 3080. ;
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATKO .COUNTY; NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in aoseoMec
elusive: location nnejtcelled.' OOif.m b*l Mmm
■ueet, MU.utij. corner o* oiiLa.
1314
ADVANCE IN THE
PRICE OF BEEF
The Cattle Men on All
Parts of the Coast Now
on Velvet.
EARLY SHIPMENTS EAST
Mutton Has About Doubled in
Price During the Last Six
Weeks.
BEEF WORTH 6 1-4 TO 6 1-2 NET
L. Allen, the Livestock Grower of
St. Clair, Says Early Shipments
E:st Raised the Price.
A big ri?e has recently occurred here
and all over the coast In the price of beef
and mutton. The cattle and sheep grow
ers are in consequence on veivet. They
all have cash, ana believe they will con
tinue to have it, for they say there is a
short supply and everybody who has cat
tle or sheep has something as good as
gold.
There are many cattlemen here now
from ail parts of tne country. Nearly
every Western State is represented, as
well as New Mexico, Arizona and British
Columbia. At the Russ House for a week
past there has been cattlemen from all
sections. Among the cattlemen now
there are C. B. Welshons and R. E. Keyes
of Elks; W. A. Taps-cott of Una Bluff, and
L. Allen of St. Clair, Churchill County,
Nevada.
•'Beef Bteer3 are now worth in Nevada
from b\ 4 to 6JjJ cents a pound net," said
Mr. Alien last night, "and beef cows from
sto sJ.j' cents. This is a good solid rise.
For the last five years the average price oi
beef steers there has been about 5 cents.
•'Late in December there came a rise,
and it hns been staying right with ua.
Not only have cattle come up, but sheep
have also. Mutton which six weeks ago
aeo was selling for $1 75 a head is now
bringing from $3 to $3 50 a head.
"The reason for ah this is the scarcity.
In Nevada there has been a graat thin
ning out of livestock. In began in Aug
ust ar.it September, when Eastern buyers
came in and bought up the cattie to feed.
There was an pnormous corn crop in Ne
braska, lowa, Kansas, Missouri and Il
linois, and it was to eat this corn that the
cattle were bought up.
"The Truckee Valley, which is from
■twelve to thirteen miles long, and which
usually has at this time of the year from
11,000 to 16,000 feed cattle, now hasn't
more than 3500 or 4000. This valley runs
Jroni the vicinity of Reno toward Carson,
and is in Washoe County.
"The Mason Valley has about 4000
cattle now being fattened, which is about
as many as usual. Hay has been cheap.
Alfalfa was soJd for awhiie as low as $2 a
ton.
"In the Lovelock Vnllev, or Humboldt
Sink, there are about 3000 head. Usually
at this time of the year there are from
5000 to 7000.
"Over ;n Churchill County there are
only about 1800. when there are generally
from 2500 to 3000.
"In Paradise Valley there are about
3000, and U3iu ly there are about twice as
many.
"The same thing is noticeable in Honey
Lake Valley and Sierra Valley. There
are not in both more than about 6000
2>ead, whereas there ought to be 10,003 to
12,000.
"From Humboldt east there are no
cattle at all— that is, none worth speaking
about, and there is usually in January
from 10,000 to 20,00J head there. 1 '
Mr. Allen is lceding 340 head at his
ranch in Churchill Couaty. He says it is
the hrst time in five years that he has
had a chance to gee on the right side of
the ledger. Many people in the City have
been wondering for forae time at the
small amount of beef they have been get
ting for a good-sized amount of money.
Mr. Alien's statement may tend to some
extent to explain it.
POLICE PENSION SUIT.
Counselor Nobby Clarke Begin* An
other Action Against the Com
missioners,
Alfred "Nobby" Clarke has given an
other exemplification of his mastery of
the English language by filing a suit
which he calls "a bill in equity for re
covery of money wrongfully scooped out
of the police pension fund."
The action is m the name of Mary
Campion and is directed against the
Police Commissioners and the Board of
Supervisors m office in 1896, and com
plains that the defendants, in violation of
section 424 of the Penal Code, appropriated
for the use and benefit of J. F. Moran the
sum of $30; that said sum was a part of
the public moneys of the City and County
of San Francisco; that the payment was
contrary to Jaw; that a part of the
money was contributed by the oratrix in
this action; that in paying the same to
Moran tne defendants violated artic.le 14
of tne constitution of the United States
and section 1977 of the revised statutes
of the United SU'ten, and deprived the
"plaintiff or oratrix" of Her property
without due process of law, and denies to
her the equal protection of the law.
In view of these circumstances Mrs,
Campion demands that the court require
the defendants to refund the $30 thus
"wrongfully appropriated."
Counselor Clarke is the bete noir of the
court clerks, as he has a great many cases
filed without the payment of lees, repre
senting to the presiding Judge, as in this
case, tnat his client is not able to advance
the costs. He files a great many com
plaints, but very few ot them are pressed
to trial.
No Guilty Knowledge.
Edward Reynaud was before United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday for
examination for passing counterfeit money.
Reynaud is a barkeeper in a saloon on Quincy
street, and he \va« accused of passing two bai
dollars upon Oscar Hawkins. The Commit
sioner dismissed the charge against the bar
keeper, holding that the man received and
paid out a lot ol money every day, Mid that it
was doubtful if he knew that the money in
question was counterfeit.
Counterfeit Coin.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday in the
United Stales District Court for the arrest of
T. J. Johnston and William 11. Ellis, who were
detected passing counterfeit nail-dollars on
Ftorekeepers in the Mission Monday night.
The men are now in the City Prison, but will
be transferred to the Federal authorities
to-day.
Jkwei.ky store, sto 7 Third street, removed to
803 Keatuy street.
JEWISH LORE, A
GIFT TO BERKELEY
Valuable Library Donated
to the California
University.
Semitic Works That Belonged
to Dr. Greenebaum of
Germany.
Cornerstone of Affiliated Colleges to
Be Laid February 22— Other
News.
A valuable library gift of particular sip
nificance was made to the University of
California yesterday by Alfred Greene
baa mof this City. Through the Board of
Regents, in session for the initial meeting
of the new year, he presented the State in
stitution at Berkeley with some thousand
volumes comprising a choice collection of
Hebraic works that shall form the nucleus
of a library of Semitic languages. They
had bean the reference books of the late
Dr. Greenebaum of Germany, a prominent
rabbi, student and litterateur.
Accompanying the books was a check
for $587 50 fiom the women of tne Jewish
Temple Emanu-El of this City, with the
request that it be used in prorerly ar
ranging and labeling the new collection
and in mafcir. g certain additions to it dur
ing the present year.
The gift was rece ved with surprise and
manifest pleasure by the regents. Colonel
Fred Crocker moved that most general
and cordial thanks be returned to all those
concerned. State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction Black remarked upon the
thoughtfulness it indicated and the wide
spread interest that is now being shown
in the work and improvement of the
State University. Arthur Rogers charac
terized it as one of the most significant
gifts ever made the university ; it implied
great interest taken by a race remarkable
ior its shrewdness and showed that the
university is receiving the favorable and
kindly interest of the Jewish people.
As a result of this move Regent Halli
«tie extolied the gratuitous services of
Rabbi Voorsanger as professor of Semitic
languages at Berkeley, and the board
unanimously decided to supply an assist
ant instructor for the department as soon
as funds will permit.
Tnere are other Semitic libraries— at
Harvard, at the University of Pennsyl
vania and elsewhere in the East — ex
piained President Kellogg after the meet
ing, but this is the lirst one either private
or public in the \\'e«t. While it is not so
large it is a very valuable beginning and
will certainly be augmented.
Regent Keinstein suggested that the
cornerstone oi the new Affiliated Colleges
buildings be laid wiih proper ceremonies
on Washington's Birthday, and the idea
met with general approval.
It was decided by a close vote to pay a
superintendent of building $150 a month
rather than $'_'00, as was particularly
argued for by certain of the regents who
wish to retain for the position Robert
McKillican, ex-Sheriff of Alameda County,
who has been gratuitously serving while
expecting the appointment.
Further time was asked by and granted
to the special joint committee appointed
to devise ways and means for providing a
superintendent of construction for the
new Ailiiiaied Colleger! buildings.
The proposition of the Alameda Water
Company to supply the university at
Berkeley with waier for three years from
August, 1896, to August, 1899, at the re
duced rate ot $7 per day for 30,000 gallons
was adopted, and a contract ordered
drawn to that effect. Heretofore the uni
versity has paid $7 50 n day for the same
amount of water. The new rate provides
fur an extra charge for water in excess of
the stipulated 30.000 gallons a day.
The li nance committee recommended
the expenditure of $15,000 in effecting im
provements thought necessary in the uni
versity's Sutter-street property, now occu
pied by Nathan & Dohrmann. A new
electric elevator to replace the present
tedious means of locomotion is part of the
plan. The rinance committee reported
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1897.
( that after spending this money the prop
! erty would still be yielding net 6 per cent
lon a total investment of $400,000. The
i matter was referred to a joint committep,
• composed of the finance committee and
' the building committee, with power to
act immediately.
It nas decided to postpone until the
next monthly meeting of the Board of
Regents the payment of the architect' 3
feps, pending a reapcropriation of $125.
--000 by the Legislature lor th« Affiliated
Colleges.
A proposition was favorably considered
for an arrangement whereby" the library
of the* California Academy of Sciences
may be at the disposal of the Stale Uni
versity, thus giving the institution the
use ot three important libraries of refer
ence—the State Library at Stcramento,
the University Library at Berkeley and
the on*? just mentioned.
An effort will be made through a com
mittee, with President Martin Kellogg
I as chairman, to estaolish an art loan ci-
I hibit in one of the large vacant rooms in
■ the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
A Joan was made by the regents from
I the university iunds of $39,000 to N. W.
j Stower. Another loan for $20,000, solicited
I by Chris Henne, a wealtuy young stu
! dent at Stanford University, was post
poned for action at the next meeting.
The letter accompanying the important
gift of Semitic works in literature is in
part as follows and explains whence came
the books and why they are given:
To the Hono<ab!e Board of Regents of the Uni
j vertity of California— Genti.f.mkn: Tlie growth
of Sfmu;c learning and ihe popularity now
I eujoyed by a study of the history, languages
: and literature of the ancient Semitic nations
have long since induced the more prominent
of American universities to institute chairs
for the competent dissemination of every
branch of knowledge embraced in these de
partments of information.
As a citizen tbe greater part of whose life
has been spent in California, I ask the pr.vi
j lege of contributing a modest and limited
'■ share- to the development of the Semitic de
partment of the Uuiyersty of California.
Having lately fallen heir to n valuable collec
tion ot Semitic works. I desire to present this
collection to the university and herewith re
spectfully ask your honorable body's accept
ance of this gift and also of the few immaterial
conditions which I Ueem it proper, in memory
of a most reverend aud learned man, to ap
pend to the same.
The collection alluded to constitutes a part
of the library of my late father, i»r. Elias
Greenebaum, chief rabbi of Landau, In Ger
many, aud one of the illustrious scholars of
his time. Dr. Greenebaum, whose name is
honorably inscribed on the pages of German
niMory as ihatnf a.scholarand patriot, was a
man of progressive tendencies, who spent hU
many years and his great wealth OJ scholar
ship in the services of his people, and mate
rially aided in creating that now vast litera
ture, which, at first specifically Jewish, subse
quently branched out into the many avenues
01 Semitic scholarship. Believing that the
spirit of my late dear father approves, and
acting wholly in the liberal spirit that charac
terized his entire career through an honor
able and usefuil life of eighty years, I now
j present, ihis Semetic collection of 1000 valu
able works to the university in my father's
dear memory, and ask: First, that it be
known a.t '"The Gruenebaum Co. lection of the
Semitic Library of the University of Califor
! nisi." and that the books be labeled as such,
j and, second, that the B ard of Regents from
time to time make adequate provision for the
j maintenance of this nucleus of the gradual
I development of n. Semi tic library oi reference
i that shall be the roo>t valuable udj&act to the
1 cla.<-s of Semilic languages at d lit rnture.
Very respectiuily, Alfred Greenebaum.
FAMILY TROUBLES.
Mrs Frank W. Bennett. Has H«rHu*ba <l
and i:r»llifr-i:!-l,.nv Arrested
for Battery.
Mrs. Margery Helen Bennett, 506 Ellis
street, swore to comnlnints in Judge
Low's court yesterday morning charging
her husband, Frank W. Bennett, and her
brother-in-law, Gates Bennett, with bat
tery.
She told Warrant Clerk Glenson that she
was married about a year ago. Her hus
band and his brother jointly occupied a
flat qt 702 Van Ness avenue, and her un
married sister went to live with her. Hus
band and wife did not live happily to
gether, and finally he wanted her to aeree
to a separation, but she refused, and
things went from bad to worse.
Saturday alternoon they had a violent
quarrel, and she says her husband seized
a razor and chafed her into the street.
She returned and her husband, assisted by
his brother, forcibly ejected her from the
house, and she and h«r sister were com
pelled to return to the home of their par
ents.
Mrs. Bennett also procured a search
warrant to obtain possession of her jew
elry and other personal effects which her
husband had relused to hand over to her.
The two brothers were arrested yester
day afternoon and were released on their
own recognizance by Judge Low. They
denied Mis. Bennett's allegations and
would wait for a vindication in court.
Isaac Belasco Gets a Divorce.
Judge Hebbard has granted Isaac Bclasco a
divorce from Grace Belasco, on the ground of
desertion. Mr. Belasco is well known in dra
matic circles as au acior aud manager of
ability.
FRIEDRICH CHOSEN
THE PRESIDENT
He Succeeds George Stone
at the Union League
Club.
G. H. Pippy Is Re-elected and Is
Presented With a Handsome
Go!d Watch.
The Club Has Increased Its Member
ship by 85 and Has Over
$2000 in Cash.
The annual election of officers of the
Union Leapue Club took place yesterday.
There were two tickets for some days pre
vious to the election, but before tbe day
of voting arrived the ticket which was |
Colonel George H. Pippy.
in opposition to what was known as the
regular ticket was withdrawn.
J. C. Currier, F. W. Hinckley and F. H.
Burke, whose names were withdrawn
from the contest, nevertheless received
some scattering votes. General Robert A.
Friedrich was elected president, succeeding
George Stone, who has filled the office for
the year past. Tirey L. Ford was elected
first vice-president a;id George H. Pippv
was re-elected secretary. The vote in full
was as follows:
For board of directors — Robert A. Friedr'ch,
president, 58; Tirey L. Ford, first vice
president, 58; Dan L. Cole, .-.econcl vice
president, 58; J. M. l.itchflild, secretary, 57;
Charles Ci. Clinch, treasur.-r, 58; George
Stone. 57; John D. Spreckels, 58;
Georue H. Pippy,s7; F. A. Vail, 57; Arthur W.
Spear. 58 ; S. J. Uei.dy, 5«; J. C. Currier, 4; F.
W. Hmctley, 4; F. H. Burlte, S.
General Friedrich is the attorney, of this
City. He is a Kentuckian by birth, in the
prime of lite ami is a fine stump-speaker.
lie was briiradier-general of the National
Guard of Kansas before coming to Cali
fornia. The general made a handsome
i sreech of acceptance on being formally
notified of the election. Several of the
I others also made brief addresses.
George 11. Pippy, who had been re
elected as secretary, was fairly taken off
his feet by surprise when he was pre
| sented with a magnificent cold watch,
: chain nnd fob, all in a handsome case, as
I a testimonial from members for his valun
! b!e services. He expressed his thanks in
! a neat speech.
The club is in excelient condition. The
report of the secretary showed that eighty
five new members had been added during
the year, the membership now numbering
380. This is considerably larger ihan it
has ever been hitherto.
Besides this the club baa paid $1500 for
new carpets ana furniture and yet has
|2138 in the treasury. The net assets are
now a little over $7000.
ITALIANS FAVOR
LITTLE CUBA
Local Leaders Are Offended
by Senator Mills'
Invective.
They Say That Signor Crispi's
Views Do Not Voice
Italy.
Officers of the Lccal Anti-Spanish
Society Get Much Aid From
Italians Here-
Senator Mills of T°xas made a speech
on the Cuban question on Monday, which
was so impetuous as to include Italy in its
denunciation of the enemies of Cuba.
The local leaders of the Cuban move
ment number many Italians in their
ranks, and they are indignant over Sena
tor Mill;! 1 utterances. TII9 following ex
cerpt from the Senator's speech has par
ticularly offended the local contingent:
Are we going to be » cared by the tremendous
army of Italy? Signor Cnspi has declared
that Italy would regard our recognition of the
Independence ot Cuba an a very serious com
plication of foreign affairs. Who is Signor
Crispi? There was a day when the Roman
name was acknowledged throughout the
wtole earth, but. that day has passed, and tue
symbol ot power 01 Italy to-d«y isamoukey
and an organ-grinder. [Laughter in the gal
leries.] Now, if Signor Crispi takes offense at
the action of Congress — if, in conjunction with
Spain, he is disposed 10 make a jioly alliance,
let, tnem come with their monkeys and organ
grinders and their hot tamales. [Laughter]
This Government is too great to sit under a
threat of all the armed powers of the earth.
F. E. Mascherini and J. H. Jones, lead
ers of the local sympathizers with Cuba,
denounce the expressions of Senator Mills,
especially in regard to tne alleged hostile
attitude of Italy.
They state that Senator Mills is wrong
as to his facts and that Italy, far from
being opposed to the liberation of Cuba, is
strongly in favor of that liberation.
"Rome itself," said Mr. Mascherini, "is
a central stronghold for Cuban relief, and
the Italian leaders in the movement
there include Felice Giufrida. Hon. Im
briani and G. Eovio, all members of tbe
Italian Parliament.
"Mr. Mills, the Senator from Texas, is
wrong in supposing that Crispi speaks for
the Italian race, and at the present time
Marquis Rudini is Prime Minli.t.T there.
As to the Senator's sarcasm regarding
Italians being only good for playing or
gans with monkeys attached, and selling
tarn ales on the corners of streets, it is well
recognized tnat the Italians are as patri
otic and have shown as much devotion to
tbe cause of freedom as tbe people of any
other nation."
Mr. Jones said: "The local Italian
colony is heart and soul with us in our
movement for Cuba's freedom and it re
sents the baseless insinuations of Mr
Mills. It is true that Mr. Mills believed
that be was doing the best tor Cuba, but
his efforts will be thrown away if he in
cludes in his campaign such attacks upon
a friendly and sympathetic people. It
might be well before he makes a sueech of
such imponance, and which will be spread
all over the world, that lie should <it least
ascertain the name of Italy's .Premier, and
avoid & gratuitous insult to a peeple that
love independence as well as the Italians
have proved they do."
L'ltalia of this City has taken up the
cudgel acainst Senator Mills, saying:
"Italy was yesterday heavily offended by
Senator M ils." It takes the position that
Crispi does not stand for liuly aud that
Italy is not against Cuba.
STRYCHNINE OK PITS.
M>h. Lizzie- Lampman Causes Excitement
at the California Police Station.
Mrs. Lizzie Lampman, 46 years of age,
was arrested Monday afternoon on Bush
street by Policeman Leonard on a charge
of drunkenness. She was locked up in
the California-street station, and about 4
o'clock yesterday morning she was at
tacked with violent convulsions. She was
sent to the Receiving Hospital in the
patrol wagon, and Dr. Fitzgibbons found
that she bad all the symptoms of strych
nine poison. He applied the usual reme
dies with success. ul results.
Mrs. Lampman denied that she swal
lowed any poison, and said she was sub
ject to epileptic fits. Her husband, she
said, was an engineer on one of the Pacific
Mail boats. She had a bank-book in her
pocket showing $1012 on deposit in a sav
ings bank.
President » oKinl.j '« Inaugural.
Mayor Phelan has received a letter from the
secretary of the inaugural committee nt Wash
ington, Asking him to forward the names of
civic organizations in California that are
likely to take part in the inaugural exercises
when President-elect McKinley is placed in
th<* White Hon«e in .March next.
"KEW TO-DAY.
8 8 Ye^ et>s
The Little Giant Cathartic;
Mild and Pleasant but Searching
and Thorough in Effect.
These little " Pellets," or Sugar-coated Anti- :
Bilious Granules, Cure ,
Sick Headache, Biliousness,
Constipation, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Poor Appetite,
And all derangements of the Liver, Stomach
; and Bowels. ,Of all druggists.
ONCE USED ALWAYS IN . FAVOR.
YOUNO SPIRITS,
a vigorous body and ■&£&£, A
robust strength, fol- t^^^^MM^
But all fail when the . l^JM^2* "
manly power result fIUJrP- m /hBP? :
from bad liabits.con- /iy**&k
impaired memory, '
; morose or : irritable , '\f&:.-.
temper, fear of impending calamity and a
thousand : and one derangements '" of, body
and mind, result from such pernicious prac-
tices. All these are permanently cured,-' by
improved - methods of treatment, without
the patient leaving home. . : •
A medical treatise, written in plain but
chaste , language, v treating ;of the v ; nature,
symptoms and curability of such diseases,
sent, securely sealed in a plain envelope,' on
; receipt of this notice, with 10 cts.'in stamps,
; for postage. , Address, .World's Dispen-
sary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
I
KEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS ,
BLANKETS
COMFORTERS.
We beg to announce that this week we will place
on sale 1500 PAIRS PURE- WOOL BLANKETS, MANU-
FACTURED 'SPECIALLY FOR U5 by the GOLDEN
GATE WOOLEN MANUFACTURING CO. These Blan-
kets come in 3 sizes and will bs sold at
$4, $5 and $6 per Pair.
We will also sell this week 15 dozen FANCY
SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS at $1 each and 15 dozen
FINE EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS at $4 each. Former
prices of these Comforters was $2 and $7.50 each.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
20 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN LADIES'
SKIRTS (black only).
$2.50 Each.
Regular value $3.50.
15 dozen LADIES' SILK TAFFETA SKIRTS (extra
size), in both plain and striped.
$5.00 Each.
Worth $8.50.
SEE EXHIBITION OF ABOVE GOODS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOWS.
TELEPHONE C3-K.AJSTT 1 24.
111,113,115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
— — __ _ _
W a l/^i? # JL. Freud's Corset House.
U M A iAaJCqM special sale OF corsets.
W»^TO v' 1/ WW^%^T %P 201) DOZEN LADIES' PKUFKCT-FIT-
g ■ TIXG FRENCH MODEL '
X I TUT I N 00. BLACK MD DRAB CORSETS.
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator. Rvnnrp'n vitnur si ~-t<>«.
.... Formerly at 120 (tatter Street, ■ ■ REDUCED FROM SI. 75 TO SI.
WILL IT! YOUR... ion dozen Perfect-titting Black and
"'" [ SILK, WOOLEN, Drab, regular price HI. 50, will be closed
TO ORDER LINEN. MERINO and at 75 °:
— ■— — ■— . COTTON v -(££sW?&iS >J
UNDERWEAR! h Wma |
THEY MUST GO! |jj| \ 1 Wff Iff
.fa- $20,009 WpRTH OF 2|S| f/lwf . , '$1
WOOLENS! stir JPillL si
S $20,009 WORTH OF 1"" itfill 51^ l!
VVUULCI^OJ » 5 " g Jj Uli gS.
DOS'TMI<S THIS SALE! £S| f/fflMJftii "\\ \
JOEPOH^SeTmIor. |" iiW!l|(ja^ H
T^P*!il SUIT MADE TO ORDER § \llSil iIU Ml 1 - X/^^**^^ " -
yTrkj^l at 25 per cent less than any y x>«| \ \'-'v&^ « 7"
I S^jraf other tailor on ihe Pacific .r'^^
/ iS-ll - C ??^.^ X t r T r?r^.«?T° ?. fc:R Mail Orders receive prompt attention.
fi CKNTUASHDMOnATup. •" Illustrated Catalogue mailed free,
/ w p to January HI. 1897. - ,_;
I I H 201-303 B n , 150m,rl 5 om , r St. MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
;, ( it If 724, 844, 846 Market -a. t»/t 1.1 ■_» -tittti _*>« a<^_-
f^s/~-^x 1110 and 1112 Market St. JVL- £ v f«.£3XJX> C«5 SON,
J.^K- >^* a ' San Francisco. Cal. ' 742-744 Market st. and 10-12 Grant aye.
\W'M II:
A Colorado Editor says of Ripana Tabules ;
For heartburn, dizziness and headache I have
never found the equal of . . ♦ ♦ ♦ V #
R'l*P # A-N-S TabuSes
And other members of my family use them for
various ills with excellent results. I cannot afford
to keep house nor run a ; print shop without
them, nor do I believe ; any one else can afford
„ not to use them. They are a wonder."** jft^6^6