VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 60.
THICK FALLS OF
FOG AND SNOW
Eastern Traffic Clogged
and Business Almost
Suspended.
Much Suffering in Baltimore,
and Chesapeake Oyster-
Boats Frozen Tight
Florica Vegetables and Fruit Bitten.
Heaviest Storm ia New Eng
land S.nce 1888
JACKSONVILLE, Fla... Jan. 28.—Fl*r
y was visited this morning by the coid-
VeM weather of the winter, the mercury
\ telling in Jacksonville to 21 deuref^ and
'to 30 degrees at Tampa, in the southwest
central portion of the state. Vegetables
as far south as Sanford were bfdly hurt,
but not entirely ruined. Oanges and
other semi-tropical fruits w*re not dam
aged to any considerable decree.
The fortunate feature of the freeze was
that it was of short duration. The lowest
temperature was reported in the State at 6
o'clock this morning, and by 9 o'clock the
weather had greatly moderated.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 28.— Not since the
blizzard of 1888 nss there been a storm of
such severity throughout New England as
that which h»s prevailed during the past
twenty- four hours. All sections report
beayy snows, varying all the way from 15
to 34 inches on the level, while the bi<rh
•winds have in many places piled up drifts
6 to 10 feet in height.
Country roads are everywhere rendered
impa.ssable, while steam railroads, elec
tric railways, teiegray>h and telephone
service have been pretty thoroughly de
moralized. In many places schools have
been closed, portions of mills shut down
and business oi all kinds practically sus
pended.
The storm in this city developed very
nearly into a blizzard. The snow ft»ll has
beenabout 24 inches, causing great inter
ruption to streetcar and steam railroad
traffic, besides practically placing an em
bargo upon ail ships hereabouts. With
the exception of two or three schooners
■which came in this morning the haibor
has b?en barren of arrivals. Ferry-boats
are mating their trips, but are greatly
hampered by the thick snow.
All sorts of rumors have been afloat in
rr-f»Tci to vessels being ashore at Nahant,
Wintbrop, Galloupes Inland and other
.points below, isut diligent inquiry has
lia.ied to confirm any of them.
Roicfcville, Conn., reports a fall of 34
incues of snow and drifts from five to eight
feet deep.
BALTIMORE, Ma, Jan. 28.— 61eighing
is always a novelty in Baltimore and to
day thousands took advantage of the op
portunity to enjoy the unusual pleasure.
The most severe storm of the winter oc
curred yesterday and to-day. The snow
fall has been heavier than any sinoe 1888.
Ice has fastened itself upon the waters oi
the rivers and Chesapeake Bay and is giv
ing trouQle to shipping interests.
Vessels are Jocked in by the ice. A num
ber of oyster-boats have been temporarily
abandoned, their crews walking on the ice
to the shore.
A great deal of destitution in all parts
of Baltimore has been brought to light by
the cold snap and every police station is
beine overrun with men, women and chil
dren in search of food, clothing and fuel.
Many .cases of distress have thus been
discovered. Reports from Western Mary
land counties indicate the heaviest snow
storm and the lowest temperature of the
winter.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Jan. 28.—Re
ports from up and down tbe New Jersey
coast show that the prevailing snowstorm
is the heaviest in several years.
Besides the snowstorm the weatiier is s
thick with foe that ihe strongest marine
glass cannot penetraie it deeper than lCu
yards. An uncommonly heavy sea is run
ning at Atlantic Higulands, The surf is
ris.ng over the broa i walk at Asbbur\
Park and washing sand r.p in the ram
parts. The snow is so deep that all traffic
on wheels is stopped.
Trains running into Long Branch are al.
delayed, and wires are down from Barne
gat City to Atlantic City.
At Sea Isle City the Jseawalls of several
jcotiages have been destroyed by the
l*"oraj. Business is nearly suspended iji
City on account of the ftorm. Tup
biggest fall of snow and fog envelops Ege
Harbor.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— New York
awoke this morning to face ti.e heaviest
snowfall in this re-ion for years. It
started in wuh determination tne evening
before, and kept up a continual downfa.:
until the city was buned at 10 a. m. to-.ia.
beneath a robe of even t«n inclie-. But
the snow wa> dry and the wind was not
"otrong enough to create any heavy drift*
and •other blizzard conditions. For this
reason it readily yielded to the feet and
reduced discomfort to the lowest notch.
TThe storm started on the Atlanlic
<x>ast near South Carolina. It struck a
ccld steady breeze rrom the north. This
made New York the storm center. While
snow was falling all over the middle At
lantic States, this region got the heaviest
dohe by far.
It played havoc with all kinds of traffic,
clogged surface tracks and congested thor
oughfares. Crowding and yelling truck
men, nervous aDd pushing pedestrians,
the loud grinding of snow plows ana the
determined work of the cartmen and
Bhovelers made up the regulation tableau
that always comes with a metropolitan
. stolrm.
Cable lines were troubled with slippery
cable-,, which made progress slow and
f halting on them, so that a large amount
■ l^f passenger traffic was diverted to ele
'Va ted .roads.
Suburban trains were behind their
schedules and trains on all lines were ari
hour or two late. The snowfall in thit
vicinity was the Heaviest since the his
toric blizzard ol 1888. That record-breaker
scored % iy z feet on a level, while the storm
oMo-day has 10J4 inches to its credit. The
btbrna practiculiy closed the port this fore
The San Francisco Call
noon and last night, no veswis venturing
in or out. .
During the evening, hcwerer. the ves
sels which had anchored mside the Hook
passed out. and a few of those due, which
had anchored off shore, came in. Reports
from every part of tbe State, and from
every New England hamlet or town where
the taleeraph reaches, show the same con
dition. Even in the guif and cotton States
of the far South a temperature of coldness
exists wnich ior » third of a century has
not been equaled.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Jan. 28.-Dispatcb.es
report the temperature at Pickens 2 de
crees below, Marion 4 below. These towns
are in the Piedmont section. At Green
ville it was 6 degrees above, Columbia 18
above. It ha.« grown colder to-night.
RAILROADS SEEK RELIEF.
They Wil Have to Change Their Ticket
System Unless Protected by
Congress.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 28.— Among local
rai'road oflici ils the prevailing sentiment
is strongly in favor of the proposed
amendment to the interstate commerce
act now pending in the Senate which is
designed to prevent ticket scalping, and
the railway companies are working in
legitimate channels to overcome the com
bined opposition to the bill. The railway
companies claim that the amendment
will stop the wholesale fraud practiced on
the companies and the public such as just
been shown by the arrest and indictment
of a gang of scalpers and retainers here
yesterday. This gang is believed to be the
one which was successful in putting out
several hundred counterfeit ticket; of sup
posed issue of prominent Western roads
iast August and SeDtember. Thesetickets
were honored by nearly every big road
runnme east and southeast from this city.
The use of this bogus paper represented a
loss of several thousand dollars to the
victimized linea, the money going into the
pockets of scalpers and retainers.
The position of the railway people is
that if they cannot be protected in some
such manner as contemplated by the
pending amendment in Congress that the
companies will eventually be forced to
discontinue most of their through ticket
ing arrangements now in effect. The
number of cases of successful counterteit
mg and sale of such tickets are increasing
iapidly, and owing to the fact that it can
be carried on for several months without
discovery it is impossible to bring thi
guilty party to justice.
A WASHINGTON AIRSHIP.
Professor Langley of the Smithsonian
Institution Has Invented a Flier
and Made Two Trips.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 38.— A Sun
-pecial from Washington says: The re
port of Professor Langley, secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution, just submitte
to the Board of Re ents, contains the fol-
Jovrine about his flying-machine:
"The writer has, during the intervals o'
his official duties, continued to experi
ment in this manner until he has reached
a measure of success which seems to jus
tify him in making the statement here
that mechanical flights have now been at
tained. On May 26 last a mechanism
built chiefly of steel and driven by n
steam-engine made two flights of over
half a mile. Since that time the result
has been nearly doubled, in each ca«r
there was no support from ga°. The ma
chine was a thousand or more time
heavier than the air in which it was mad>
to move. Dr. Alexander Graham Bel
witnessed the first of tliese, and communi
cated the statements of results to tin
Academy of France.
"I do not know how far interest in thr
work may bias my judgment, but it ap
pears to me that in these things, the tina.
accomplishment of which has come un
der the charge of the Smithsonian Insti
tution, it has made a contribution to tht
■itilitiesof the world which will be memor
able."
RASH IN NAME AND DEED.
In a Fit of Insanity a Nebraska Farmei
Murders His Wife and Three Chi.-
dren With an Ax,
WAYNE, Nebr., Jan. 28.— A most shock
ing murder was discovered this morning
uu a farm ten miles southeast of this city.
C. K. Rasb, in a fit oi madness, brained
ins wife and three children with an ax
vnd then hacfred the bodies to pieces.
The deed was discovered by a boy who
hud been sent from a neighbor's house to
engage Rash to help shell corn. Ai
proachinz the bouse he was startled by
cries, and. supposing there was a struggle
£oing on inside, burst in the door.
A terrible spectacle presented itself.
The furniture of the room was in bad dis
order and the walls and ceiling spattered
with blood. On the bed was the body o;
Mrs. Rash, her head so badly battered tha.
it was scarcely recognizable. In an ad
joining room lay the bodies of the chil
dren. Wherever he went were evidence^
of a struggle and deatj. Upstairs In ■
loft lay the husband of the family. Hi
vacant stare and wandering talk showed
clearly that Teason had left him. The
Sheriff was imrae.iiately. sent for and tin
maniac placed behind the bars.
The cause of his action is still a mys
tery. The family was in moderate cir
cumstances and esteemed highly.
HALPIN MAVIh UVH.s B IMS BVt.
Hound for San 1 mneinco He 'lriet tt
Cut Bis Throat.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 28.— An insane
man, who attempted to cut his throat
with a razor in a rear coach of a west
bound passenger train on the Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad shortly after ii
had Mt the depot, caused much excite
ment among thirty or more passengers at
10:45 o'clock last night, and resulted in a
delay of the train at Oakley avenue until
the i olice could arrive and take charge of
the frenzied man.
Had it not been for the prompt action
<>f the trainmen the man would have suc
ceeded in ending bis life in the presence
ii the excited passengers. As it was, he
drew the blade of the razor across his
throat, but inflicted only a slight wound.
The man fought fiercely with the train
men, and it was only after several passen
gers had offered assistance that he was
overpowered and hela until the arrival of
i he police. On the way to the County
Hospital the crazy man fought and at
tempted to jump from the pairol-wagon.
When the hospital was reached he be
came more quiet, and said his name was
Halpin Hay.l and that he was on his way
from France to San Francisco. He had a
ticket tor San Francisco in his pocket,
which bore the name be gave to the
police.
SAN FRANCI«CO, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 29, 1897.
COLONEL ROBERT GREEN INGERSOLL.
\From his latest photograph.]
Colonel Ingersoll. who is now in hs sixty-fourth year, recently decided to retire from the active practice of law. He
purposes devoting much of his time to lecturing, for which he has always had a great fondness. His new lecture, which he
delivered in Boston last Sunday night, he calls "How to Reform Mankind."
GAGE ACCEPTS
THE PORTFOLIO
Will Become Secretary of
ihe Treasury in the New
Administration.
D?mand for His Appointment
Came From Men of All
Parties and Rank.
Vith Perhaps One Exception, Major
M Kinley Has Now Selected All
tbe Cabinet Mcmb rs
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 28.— Lyman J.
Gace will be the next Secretary of the
Treasury. He arrived at Major McKin
•ey's house a few minutes before 3 o'clock
(bis afternoon and was warmly welcomed
by the President-elect, who straightway
withdrew with him for a private con-
rence, which lasted until 6 o'clock. The
President-elect and his Secretary of the
Treasury had a private talk, in wb^ch they
• li -cursed at length the financial and tariff
pohcy and considered problems that would
call for immediate soiution by means of
legislation. Major McKinley and Mr.
Gage are thoroughly in accord on all
political, financial and economic questions.
The demand for Mr. Gage's appoint
ment comes from nearly every commer
cial center in the country and from mem
bers of both parties. He is indorsed not
only by the business world, but by many
labor organizations as well. The direct
statement is made in nearly all the letters
and telegrams which have reached Major
McKinley respecting Mr. Gage, that the
direct effect of his appointment will be to
hasten and render certain the restoration
.jf confidence. Mujor McKinley has been
thinking about Mr. Gage for several weeks
in connection with the treasury portfolio,
but has been waiting to learn if he could
accept it. It has also been Major McKin
ley's intention, lrom the day be was
plected, to choose a Western man for Sec
retary of the Treasury, if he could find an
available man.
Mr. Gage meets all of the requirements,
hut his appointment does not remove
rom the list as a Cabinet possibility the
name of Charles Emory hmith, who
would in all probability have been made
Secretary of State if the office had been
tilled by the appointment of an Eastern
man. It may be safely assumed that
Major McKinley has decided at present
upon six men for his Cabinet, though he
has not formally tendered all of them
portfolios.
The men who are regarded as certain of
appointment are: John Sherman, Ly
man J. Gage, Nathan Goff, Joseph .vie-
Kenna of California, John D. Long and
James Wilson of Ohio for Secretary of
Agriculture. General R. A. Alger's ap
pointment as Secretary of War is prob
able, but by no means certain. The re
maining portfolio, which is not likely to
be tendered by the middle or last of
February, will doubtless go to a New
Yorker or a Pennsylvanian.
Mr. Gage said this evening and author
ized the United Associated Presses to
say: "I nave been tendered the appoint
ment of Secretary of Treasury by Major
McKinley and have accepted it."
South Dakota' t /struggle.
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 28.— The fusion
caucus to-night was one of the warmest
held since the assembly convened. It was
in the nature of an experience meeting,
each member standing up and giving the
reason for the faith that was in him and
why he supported his man. For some
days it has been whispered aiound that
H. H. Potter of Aberdeen was to he the
dark horse. He has been on the ground
several days, but his boom has failed to
materialize. The last vote to-day showed
.no material change. It is: Kyle 3o, Piow
man 13, Loucks 3, GoodyKoontz 6. The
caucus adjourned until to-morrow even-
PLUNGED FROM THE TRACK.
Catastrophe on a Brooklyn Elevated
Road— Two Will Die and Many
Were Injured.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Jan. 28. — Ice,
snow and an open switch were the cause
of one engine and a car on the elevated
road leaving the structure at Fourth street
to-night, falling to the ground, a distance
of twenty-five feet. Stveral persons were
injure!, two, it is said, faialiy.
The injured are:
Thomas Gaffney, engineer, skull frac
tured and other injuries to the body.
George Thomas, fireman, scalded by es
caping steam.
Albert Brown, engineer, several scalp
wounds.
Thomas Heath, fireman, left leg am
putated.
The passengers hurt are:
Henry Sebres, leg sprained.
Julius Hanbury, spine fractured.
Andrew Gorans, contusions of hips and
legs.
Henry Hinke, wounds in tbe scalp.
Heath and Gaffney will die.
Four cars made up the train, but only a
few passengers were in them. At the
junction of Broadway and Fourth street,
as Gaffney was about to alow up, engine 6,
drawing a train of empty cars in charge of
Albert Brown, loomed up, and striking an
open switch headed directly in Gaffney's
course.
Both engines came together with a
crash that could be heard blocks away,
and a second later engine 74 toppled over,
leaving tbe rails and dragging the first
car^viih it to the street. The breaking of
the coupling on tlie second car prevented
the other three coaches from leaving the
rails.
Only four passengers were in the first
car. These were taken from the wreck
and soon several doctors were at work on
th>m.
Heath, who bad his leg crushed and was
unconscious when taken from the cab of
Ins engine, will die.
Gaffney and Thomas were foud wedged
against the side of the boiler in their cab.
A.U of ihe injured were taken to the hos
pitals. Tne only two that will die, ac
cording to the doctors, are Gaffney and
Heath.
«
Steamerx Ashore tin the Atlantic Coait.
NEW LONDON, Conn., Jan. 28.— The
steamer Mohawk of tlae Central Vermont
propeller line went ashore early yesterday
morning on a reef at the entrance to the
harbor. A thick snowstorm and a half
gale from the northeast prevailed all
night.
POINT PLEASANT, N. J., Jan. 28.—
The fishing schooner Hattie Rebecca Car
ter went ashore near Sea Isle City this
morning during a thick snowstorm. Her
crew of six were saved.
Swell Bicycle < lubhoute.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Jan. 28.— A plan is
on foot for tbe erection of one of the rinest
and most completely eauipped bicycle
clubhouses in the country, the cost of
which is to be $100,000, although those be
hind the enterprise expect to raise $?00,
--000. The promoters ar, residents oi this
city. They expect to call it the Greater
New York Bicycle Club by the Sea, by
reason of its proximity to Coney Island.
The company has secured an op 1 inn on a
site on the boulevard near Neck road,
within a uaif mile of the island.
NEW HOME FOR
WAYWARD GIRLS
Santa Clara Will Be Made
the Site of the Re
formatory.
Liberal Inducements That the
Governor and Legislators
W.ll Accept.
Important Use to Ec Made of the
State Prcperty Formerly Occupied
by the Feeble- Minded.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— The State
property formerly occupied by the Home
lor the Feeble-minded in Santa Clara,
which is proposed to be converted into a
State reformatory for girls, was visited by
Governor Buctd and a committee from the
State Legislature and a delegation of per
sons interested- in reform work this morn
ing;.
Governor Budd was accompanied by the
following: Senator S. N. Androus of Los
Angeles, H. V. Morehouse and F. C.
Franek of Santa Clara County, Assembly
man H. E. Wright of Alameda County,
chairman of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings, and N. E. Malcolm and J.
J. McLaurin of this county. J. F. Carrere
of the Los Angeles Express officiated as
secretary. Dr. A. E. Osborn, medical
director of the Home for Feeble-minded
at Glen Ellen, accompanied by his wife,
was of the party. Ex-Senator E. M. Pres
ton and Fayette Mace of the board of
trustees, and E. Carl Bank, superintend
ent of the Preston School of Industry at
lone, also accompanied the delegation.
The visitors were met at Santa Ciara
upon tneir arrival by a large number of
prominent men from Santa Clara and this
city and escorted to the property in
carriages.
The mem bers of the delegation expressed
great surprise nt the attractiveness of the
location, its conveniences and the capacity
of the buildings. A tour of inspection was
then made. Each rbom in the three de
partments of the building was visited and
tbe size of the rooms, lighting, ventila
tion and convenience were commented
upon. Governor Budd acted as leader
and questioner.
"Why I had no idea the State bad such
an excellent piece of property here," was
his first remark upon entering the
grounds, and from this moment he
showed favor to the proposition to use the
property for a giris' reformatory in every
remark be made. The water plant, light
ing plant, several gardens and orchards
received close inspection.
When the party returned to the portico
in front of the main building J. B.
O'Brien, as president of the Board of
Trustees of the town of Santa Clara, made
the following statement:
"Tbe town of Santa Clara ia anxious to
have this property used for a State re
formatory for girls, and to secure that end
we are willing to offer ouch inducements
as are within our power. Santa Clara
owns its own water plant, and the Trus
tees have expressed their willingness to
furnish the institution free of cost with
fifty gallons of water per capita a day.
Santa Clara also owns its electric lighting
plant, and we are willing to supply what
arc electric lighting will be deemed neces
sary for properly illuminating the
grounds. Further than tbis, we are will
ing to extend the town sewer to the front
of the building, in order that the property
may have every sewerage facility."
This proposition was received with
much favor by the delegation and ap
plause by representatives from Santa Clara
and San Jose.
In conversation with a Call representa
tive Governor Budd said: "I have been
opposed to the establishment of
new public institutions requiring in
creased expenditures for mainten
ance, but I must say I am heartily in
favor of tbe project to bring the girls from
the Whittier Reform School and establish
a girls' reformatory at this place. I am
agreeably surprised to find this such a
pretty place. It presents a better appear
ance and woul'l be more comfortable for
the girls than Whittier. The proposition
of the Santa Clara Board of Trustees re
moves all question as to the proposed
chance involving additional expense to
the State. I can easily see how it will save
the State several thousands of dollars an
nually. Besides tbis it would separate the
boy 3 from the girls and this has become a
necessity. I recommended the same in
my message to the Legislature and have
worked to accomplish it. My only objec
tion to the establishment of a reformatory
at this place was that I did not want any
new institutions vhich would require a
new set of trustees.
"Tbe removal of the girls to this place
would only involve the expense of about
$5000 for needed repairs. This money can
be taken in per capita proportion from the
$40,000 now fn the Whittier School fund,
which would still leave considerable
money to the credit of this institution to
be expended in the best manner for the
education of tbe girls in the schools.
"I have examined the property care
fully. Its sewerage with the proposed
connection with the town sewer would be
excellent The buildings are in good con
dition and so constructed as to be admir-
able for dividing tbe girls into necessary
classes. The grounds are abundant and
suitable for both work and play. The
gardens and orchards could be made a
source of profit and also give desirable
occupation to the inmates of the institu
tion. The convenience of the buildings to
the Agnews Asylum will enable the plac
ing of the institution under the control of
the trustees of that institution. This will
prevent the appointment of a new board
of control. The medical director, engineer
and omer employes of one institution
could be used when necessary for the
other.
"Another thing of importance is that
the proposed change will relieve the
Whittier School and make an appropria
tion for new buildings unnecessary. The
trustees of Whittier have asked ior $80,000
for this purpose. lam heartily in favor
of the project, and I am satisfied a bill
making the change will receive no opposi
tion in the Legi-lature. It certainly will
not when it cornea to me for my signa
ture."
Senator Androus of Los Angeles ex
pressed himself as being heartily in favor
of using the building as a reformatory for
girls, and stated that the plan proposed
»,as, in his estimation, for the best inter
ests of the State.
Senator Morehouse took great pains in
having every adaptability ot the buildings
and grounds shown to each member of
the delegation, and stated that he would
introduce a bill embodying the idea upon
his return to Sacramento.
Dr. Osborn, ex-Senator Preston and
others expressed their hearty approval of
the propose 1 ! change. After the inspec
tion the visiting party was dined by David
Henderson at his home in Santa Clara
and at the conclusion of the dinner a pub
lic reception was held.
The Governor and Legislative party also
visited the State Normal School and in
spected all of its departments. Senator
Morehouse showed the party the grounds
and explained what he desired in the bill
he had offered, granting to the city of San
Jose a suitable Bite on the State property
for a high school.
Governor Budd, regarding the proposed
grant, said: "lam in favor of giving the
city as much of the grounds as is desired
for such a purpose, and I am in favor of
empowering the trustees of the Normal
School and the Board of Education of San
Jose to select the site and agree upon the
amount of ground to be set aside for that
purpose, provided, however, the city will
agree to keep the ground allotted to it in
good order. The grounds now I consider
too large for exclusively normal school
purposes, as they are too expensive to keep
in attractive condition."
The Senators and Assemblymen ex
pressed themselves in favor of granting
the proposed site to the city, and stated
that little opposition to Senator More
house's bill was contemplated.
Senator Androus and Secretary Carrere
visited Agnews Insane Asylum for a short
time before going to the Normal School.
Senator Androus stated that he would
favor a larger appropriation for tbat insti
tut on, as he thought electric lights should
be used exclusively for illumination.
Governor Budd also favored an increased
appropriation for this purpose, and stated :
"i am always willing to sign bills for im
provements at Agnews Asylum, for'l con
sider it one of the best and most econom
ically managed public institutions in the
State."
Governor Budd, Senators Morehouseand
Androus. with the secretary of the com
mittee, left on the 8 o'clock train for
Tracy, where they will join a legislative
party en route for Southern California,
where the State institutions will be in
spected.
MIGHT* UZ. GAH HXfLOSIOy.
Two Miners Blown to Atom* and Several
Terribly Injured.
UNIONTOWN, Pa., Jan. 28.-About 5
o'clock last evening a gas explosion
occurred in a mine owned by the Shields,
Laird & Hurst Coal Company at Smock
station, on the Redstone branch of the
Pittsburg, Virginia and Charleston Rail
road. Two men were blown to atoms and
several perhaps fatally , injured and two
less seriously. , The names of the dead
are: Charles McQuister and Peter Hauser.
. One ol the miners drilled into a pocket
of eras and as naked lamps were used an
explosion followed. The seven men most
seriously ■ hurt ■ were terribly . mangled,
several having their eyes blown out, while
others were so badly burned that great
pieces of flesh dropped from the bones.
■' ' . * . . '
Thousand* of Heath* from the Plaque.
BOMBAY, India, Jan. 28.— The" official
report just issued shows 4395 cases of the
bubonic plague and. '3275 deaths from the
disease in the city of Bombay. At Kara
chi 694 cases and 664 deaths have occurred.
There have been 65 cases and 60 deaths at
Poonah, and a few cases have appeared at
Kathlawar, Suret, Cucb, Baroda and other
places.'
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ED SMITH GIVES
FUNNY TESTIMONY
Peculiar Ideas of a Noted
Politician on Tempo
rary Organization.
Would Stuff the Roll Until All
Applicants Were Made
Satisfied.
Little Prrgress Made in the So-Cared
Investigation of Cbiet Duck
worth's Acts-
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— Ed J.
Smith of San Francisco kept tbe Duck
worth committee on investigation on the
langh for fifteen or twenty minutes this
afternoon. He bad been called as an ex
pert to tell all be knew about the practice
and precedents of past sessions of the
Legislature in temporary organizations.
Mr. Smith proved to be an expert to the
manner born. The air of candor with
which he discussed practical politics and
his surprising frankness took away tbe
breath of the members of the committee
and all that they could do was to sit back
in their chairs and roar with laughter.
He was a page in the long ago when tbe
Legislature held its sessions in what is
now the County Courthouse on I street, a
rusty looking building with a magnificent
portico modeled after that of t:.e beauti
ful Temple of Venus in Athens. There he
received his first lessons in practical poli
tics, and counting the Constitutional con
ventions as a session of tbe Legislature he
has attended eighteen sessions as boy and
man and he is yet poor. When he was
asked as to the number of attaches in
addition to the statutory officers that were
employed in past sessions he replied that
in tbe session of 1881 live extra attaches
were employed. In 1887 about fifteen.
"Then," continued Smith, "they con
tinued to increase from year to year up to
the present time. At the last session
there were twenty-nine, and I was one of
the temporary fellows. The Legislature
in tbe session before last was Democratic,
and the Democrats created the position ol
history clerk for me. When I came back
two years ago to help organize the Legis
-1 ature I was not on the temporary roll,
George Peckham was clerk and I said :
" 'Look here, George, I have been work
ing here right along, and I ought to be
put on tbe roll,' and he put me on the
third day after."
Smith told bow he had worked in San
Francisco figuring on the mileage of
members before he came up here,. For
instance, he figured Assemblyman Me
lick's mileage from Lancaster to Los An
geles and from Los Angeles to San Fran
cisco. He had got the distances and
stage and railroad routes from a railway
guide, and this guide did not appear to
show that Lancaster was on the Mojave
Desert between Los Angeles and Sao
Francisco.
While the members were heartily
laughing over this liberal method of com
puting mileage. Smith, wholly uncon
scious of having made any funny revela
tions, pointed his finger at Chynoweth's
black whiskers and said:
"Just as I did for you, Mr. Chynoweth."
This sally provoked such a shout of
laughter that Chynoweth's blushes con
cealed his whiskers. He recovered from
his confusion in time to ask whether
bmith had treated him with the same
liberality as he had treated Melick, and
Smith replied that he had allowed him
only bis proper mileage, as be had tried
to do with all the other members.
Chairman Waymire asked Smith how
many employes he thought necessary to
organize the Assembly, and the witness
blurted out with breezy frankness:
"Well, politically speaking, I would
put on as many as I could."
It required five minutes for the com
mittee to recover from its tit of laughing.
It was plain that Diogenes need no longer
roam the desert with his lantern search
ing for the honest man; he could come to
the Assembly chamber.
Smith, then speaking not politically
but practically, explained that the Assem
bly could be nicely and comfortably or
ganized with the following officers: A
chief clerk, two assistant clerks and one
minute clerk, five pages, a sergeant-at
arras and three assistants for the gates, a
postmistress, a rear porter and a mail
carrier.
"Didn't you leave out the history clerk?"
asked Brusie facetiously.
"Oh, we don't want a history clerk on
temporary organization," replied Smith.
"The temporary roll increases every year.
I don't blame them. When the Demo
crats had no place ior me they created the
office of temporary clerk."
"Are you a Democrat or a Republican?"
inquired Chynoweth.
"I am a Republican, sir," responded the
witness with dignity, straightening him
self up.
Belshaw was the next funny witness.
Belsbaw's name appeared on Duckworth's
temporary roll as sponsor for a page named
A. A. Smith, and when the roll was read
out loud in meeting Belsh»w, apparently
very much perturbed in spirit, produced
the affidavit of the page Smith to prove
that Smith was appointed or placed on
the temporary roll on January 5, tbe day
after the House was organized. The state
ment of tbe gentleman from Antioch was
received with smiles, winks and nudges
by all the newspaper men and by most of
the committee. It was rather tangled,
and runs as the crow flies as follows:
"Oneof the pages told me that his name
was A- A. Smith ; that be bad served as a
page at the previous session, and that he
wished I would give him a re com mend a*
tion so that be could draw his salary. I
thereupon wrote down on a sheet of paper,
as near as lean recollect, the following:
'I hereby recommend A. A. Smith to be
appointed temporary page,' and signed
my name and sent it up to tbe desk.
Duckworth held the note up over his desK
and said, 'Did you write that ?' and I re
plied that I certainly aid, and Duck
worth put it down. I began to s udy over
the matter and it came to my mind that I2
had given a recommendation to this page
after the power of the clerk to appoint had
ceased.
"I found afterward that the name of A. A.
Fmith appears on the journal of Monday,
January 4. It appears to me that the chief
clerk has tried to shield his numerous ap
pointments behind somebody else."
Judge Waymire poked his stick between
the barn of the cage. "I understood you
tc say a while ago," he asked, "that you
did give a recommendation for the ap
pointment of this page?'
Mr. Belshaw attempted to explain by
saying that the recommendation was
'given after he was already on the tem
porary roll as it appeared on the journal.
The stick went between the bars again.
"If his name was on the roll," persisted
the chairman, "why should he need a
recommendation ?''
"I don't know," replied Mr. Belshaw.
In reply to Chynoweth the witness de
clared that fifteen or twenty employes
would be a very liberal number for tem
porary organization.
Brusie asked the witness wnether he
would not provide for more employes
than the Jaw allowed, and the witness re
plied that the law allowed but three, but
that he would provide for more.
Leon E. Jones of San Francisco seemed
to be the most influential Assemblyman
on the floor. The attaches appointed on
his reci mmendation were A. S. Vischer,
Devine, Friedlander, Voorsanger and
Blakeston. He said that he had asked
Clerk Duckworth to place Mr. Vischer's
name on the roll. After that the others
came to him and he tola them they were
at liberty to use his name and influence to
get on the roll if they could. He c u:d
not say whether or not Devine was pres
ent during the temporary organization,
but he knew that Friedlander and Vischer
were. He did not know whether Vischer
did any work or not. He did not know
Blakeston and Voorsanger. Duckworth
was an entire stranger to Assemblyman
Jones, and in fact Jones went to Sacra
mento with another candidate for chief
clerk. It was after the Republican cau
cus had selected Duckworth as chief clerK
thatJoneß had asked him to appoint Mr.
Viscuer.
Assemblyman Shanahan, a whiskerless
Populist from the manzanita groves and
grizzly-bear pastures of Shasta, went be
fore the committee and swore that there
were no such thing as a temporary organi
tation. He thought that these officers
were sufficient to do the temporary busi
ness.
Clerk Gndley corrected his testimony of
the day before. He said: "I was asked
by whose direction I put those two names
on the Blip. My reply was: 'By the direc
tion of the Speaker.' I understand that
some one in the House asked to have
those names inserted and the Speaker re
quested me to do so. The names were M.
A. Kearney and Miss M. Bertola." The
correction was made in the same manner
as all otter corrections are made by the
Speaker.
Dr. Keables, in seconding the motion to
receive the temporary roll in evidence
said that they wanted to know all about
tLis affair and that the temporary roll
should be made public and all the facts
connected therewith. He wanted nothing
concealed, but wanted the whole truth, no
matter upon whose shoulders the blame
might rest. Mr. Duckworth would be
given every opportunity of making a free
and fair explanation.
"This is not a Duckworth investiga
tion," added Dr. Keables. "The reputa
tion of every member of the Assembly is
involved in this."
Emmons followed and declared that the
committee was not bound by any consid
erations of privileged or secret communi
cations. "Those are the very things that
will show us where the blame lies. Il is
what is hidden that we want to reach. I
don't understand that Mr. Duckworth is
on trial here, but if he wants to throw any
light on this affair he will be afforded
every opportunity of doing so.
"After adjournment last evening," con
tinued Emmcns, "I received informa
tion that a certain gentleman said that he
was charged up with two appointments on
that roll, and another member said,
'Good for him; if necessary I will be
charged up with two to help him ouL' I
feared that he might find some com
placent members who will allow their
names to be placed on that roll for the
purpose of helping Mr. Duckworth."
He thereupon iaoved that the roll be
read and made public, and the motion
unanimously prevailed. The roll was read
us follows:
Statutory officers— S. J. Duckworth, R.
Q. Wickham, Andrew Branch, A. L. Flßh
er, H. A. Kidder, Mrs. Eva McKay, G. W.
Ashley, T. J. Smith, C. McLean, John
Vaccoe, T. E. Atkinson, Miss Carrie
Brown, H. Mark, Gus Kelly, W. C. Dor
eey, Edgar Stack.
The following is a list of attaches on the
temporary roll suggested by the members
whose names precede them:
By Gaieiy— C. W. Kyle, J. L. Martin,
Edward Allen ; by Kelly — H. A. Jackson,
I. Irb, G. Towle; by Price— W. S. Staley,
W. Hopkins, W. Bullock; by Gny-C. Al
bert); by Dennery— A. Gunzendorfer, W.
Levison, Ed Sneridan; by Caminetti — Ben
Martin; by Pohiman— G. E. Dixon, H. D.
Pohlrnan; by Jones — A. S. Vischer, J. P.
Devine, A. A. Friedlander, R. Blakeston;
by Wright— J. M. Oliver; by Dolan— M. J.
Fiynn, D. Gibson, F. Smith, fl. Hall; by
Lacy— M. A. Kearny, H. Friedman, W. J.
Harrington; by Leavitt — Frank Bamett;
by Kenyon— "W. S. Kingsbary ; by Linden
be rger — M. Eslndillo; by Henry — James
Devitt, M. Aronson, L. "Wintringer, Cal
Ewing; by Strain— R. Nixon Jr.; by
Chynoweth— F. C. Smytfae; by Breiling—
J. B. Owen, S. H. Wilson; by Valentine—
R. M. Ricbardson, Mrs. William Samp
son ; by Harris — U. H. Rodriguez, W. H.
Rice, Miss M. Bertola; by Bettman~J.
Brooks, J. C' Collins, Ed Sweeney; by
Dibble— Ed J. Smith, Donald Bruce; by
A. W. North— George North; by Parkin
son—W. P. McLean, George W. Lewis, J.
Hocking, J. Totd, L. D. Sloss, Joseph
Kidney, John Wilkins, J. Kofod, Jay
dimming, James Kane, S. Adams, J.
Massie, W. Bowles, William Lynch, R.
Wolf, R. A. White, W. S. Reyner, Walter
Howard, J. Smith, J. Cramer; by Ennis —
Clarence Cogle; by Vosbnrg— J. E. Gross;
by Sims — F. Wewman ; by Treacy — N. G.
Duckworth; by F. C. Jordan— Wesley
Dixon; by Robinson — Rev. J. Sime; by H.
H. North— W. J. Keating.
Mileage Committee — J. C. Williams. By
Power of San Francisco— John Wise, F.
H. Lombard; by Supervisor Roette, Ala
rueda — M. Gratz; by Senator Voorheis —
Charles Forbes; by Armrick — Roy Byron;
by Santa Clara delegation — Harvey Var
coe. Delos Curtis. 8. F. King; by W. H.
Govan, janitor— T. W. Measure; by C. M.
Belshaw— A. A. Smith. Journal clerk— E.
6. Gridley. The committee adjourned,
subject to the call of the chair.
I'LJCADS JfOJC FAIJRAESS.
Chlff Clerk Duckworth ltsuts a State-
ment While Sick in Bed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— Mr.
Duckworth to-night issued the following
card:
. "To the people of California: Daring
the early days of this session a committee
consisting of Assemblymen Anderson,
Cutter and Fontana requested me to fur
nish a list of the members who had asked
for appointments on the tem
porary roll of the Assembly. 1 complied
as far as I was able to, checking up the
names on the list with as many members
as I could reach at that time.
"In handing the li-t to Messrs. Fontana
and Cutter 1 said to them that some
names were erroneously charged because
some of the memoianda bearing on these
names had been misaui, but I could at
any time thereafter make the necessary
corrections so lhat the list would De abso
lutely accurate. They assured me this
was satisfactory, and that as long as it
was substantially correct it would answer
the purpose. My last words to them were:
'Remember, gentlemen, that I do not
claim that this list is correct, for I have
not had time to check it up, although the
major portion of it is all right. With a
few changes, however, it will be correct,
and if it is ever to go beyond the Republi
can caucus I will a>k to have it returned
to me for revision.'
"They assured me that my wishes would
be respected, and that the Republican
caucus would consider it a privileged
communication and preserve secrecy con
cernfng ii. On yesterday iho investi
gating commiitee voted in accordance
with the promise of the Republican com
mittee. To-day it changed its mind and
gave this list to the world, thus doing me
and other innocent parties in jiny almost
irreparable. If ihis uction hart been taken
under any other circumstances I would
not say a word, out this violation of the
promue made by the Republican caucus
officials comes when I am contineu to a
Kick bed ana absolutely prohibited by my
physicians from giving any thought what
ever to my own interests in this matter. I
tuerefore request a suspension ot judg
ment pending my restoration to health.
"Every name on that temporary roll is
bona hue. Every one has been vouched
for by eminently respectable people, and I
have no desire to evade a fair and search
ing investigation as to my connecton
with the organization of the Assembly.
But in all fairness 1 ask that these matters
should, in so far as they concern innocent
parties and myself, be peimitted to rest
until I can at least stand on my feet and
meet the charges face to face.
"3. J. Duckworth."
JX SEX Alt: A* It ASSEMBLY.
Blany Members fteiuy Absent 'Ihrre la
Hnrety a Quorum.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 23.— There
was barely a quorum presont when the
Eenate was called to ordc- this morning,
many members being away on junketing
trips, and this afternoon many others left
for the south to visit San Diego, Highland
and other points.
The second reading file was gone over
rapidly and nothing of importance came
up, as the question of no quorum would
have been raised. A few oiiis were intro
duced and other measures passed their j
second reading. The only business at the i
afternoon session bosides the reading ot a j
number of bills a second time was the
reading of the report of the Committee on
Hospitals, recommending that Senate bill
117, providing means for transporting pa
tients to asylums, do not pass. Ad
journed.
In the Assembly this morning the Com- ;
mittee on Election Laws reported ad- j
versely the bill for using photography in
voting. Dibble moved that all bills re
ported from committees be read the first
time and placed on the second-reading
ti!e. So ordered.
The attempt to increase the number of
attache* by adding another bill clerk was
defeated.
The Cuban resolutions, parsed yester
day, were witharawn from the Senate in
order to give Dryden a chance to speak
upon them to-morrow.
Many bills were reported by committees,
including the Stanford University tax
exemption bill.
Waymire introduced a woman's suffrage
amendment to the constitution.
The bill to combine Washington's birth
day and Arbor day was withdrawn.
Speaker Coombs called attention to the
testimony given before the Duckworth
mv stigating commit. «c by Journal Clerk
Gridley that he added two names to the
temporary roll on the Ctti of January by
order of the Speaker. Coombs said he
had no such recollection and asked the
members and clerks to state what they
remembered. He did not propose to stand
charged with a responsibility that did not
belong to him.
Several Assemblymen said they had
been paying close attention to the pro
ceedings of January 6 and had not beard
the Speaker order any names added to the
temporary roll.
Journal Clerk Gridley was asked about
tbe insertion of the names. He stuck to
his story, but had no explanation to offer.
The matt r was dropped temporarily.
Drycien introduced a resolution request
ing Congress to cause the Government to
bid in, own and operate the Pacific rail
roads when the mortgages were fore
closed.
Leavitt asked for three days' longer leave
of absencs for Duckworth, which was
gran ted. Adjourned.
BUDD JS VERX AXXIOUS.
May find Some Jingo in ih» State
Printer's Office.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— The
State Printer was called to task recently
by Senator Witbineton in the Senate be
cause be did not exercise a privilege
granted by a law passed two years ago
empowering the State Printer to revise or
exclude voluminous reports ordered print
ed by various commissions. To-night
State Printer Johnson said that he was
advised lone ago by, the Attorney-General
that all such printing orders had to co to
the Board of Examiners for revision. The
law was passed to protect'the office, from
bulky and redundant reports, and has af
forded him no protection. Many times
throughout the year copy accumulates.
The Governor is often absent: the Attor
ney-General is frequently in San Fran
cisco, and the printers, shouting for copy,
cannot get it. The expense of the office
is increased somewhat thereby. The bill
allowing the State Printer $75,000 to main
tain his office until July 1 next is in the
hands of the Governor.
Budd is said to be anxious "to do" some
Democratic politics with this measure.
lie has directed the State Printer to fur
nish the most minute data. Mr. Johnson
says that at least thirty days should be
given any department to supply the data
which the Governor now demands. The
data which the Governor calls for will be
furnished, and - it will show on whose
order the money appropriated lias been
•xpended. Republicans who are well
versed in the matter are willing that the
Governor should jump in now. li any
department of .the State government is
being run for the benefit of politicians it
is well that the public should know it,
and know what particular department is
in deepest. The fight on the State Printer
and . the efforts of the Governor to run
that office may develop some interesting
facts in other quarters. :. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
IMPROVEMENTS OF
PUBLIC HIGHWAYS
Mono County Pleads for a
Road Across the
Sierras.
Residents Up There Tired ol
Going Halt Way to New York
to Reach This City.
Attorney Preston Causes an Injustice
to the Valley Roai to Be
Remedied.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.—Infor
mally the Committee on Roads and High
ways listened to a plea from Mono County
this evening requesiing that a public
highway be constructed for a distance of
twelve miles across the pine-clad penks of
the fcierras in order to connect the Tioga
and Mono wagon roaas, so tuat the in
habitants be in touch with those of the
rest of the State.
Marsdon Manson of the Bureau of High
ways appeared by request and described
tbe route needed, and Assemblyman
Caples of Mono also addressed the com
mittee, ending by saying: "Gentlemen,
all the people of Mono ask of ti is Legisla
ture is this road, which will enable us to
cross the Sierras without going halfway
to New York in order to reach the South
ern Pacific Railroad to come to Sacra
mento or San Franctsco. The cost of con
struction is computed to be about $2000 a
mile."
The matter was passed without any de
cision being arrived at, but it is probable
that Mono will receive its appropriation.
The Lake Tahoe and Placerville wagon
mad bill asking for an appropriation of
$25,000 in order to repair the road and
provide a salary of $.50 per month for an
overseer, who shall be empowered to make
repairs, etc., then cropped up. This is in
furtherance of the pet idea of Governor
Kud'l, which is to make it the beau ideal
road of the State.
Assemblyman Burnham advocated the
inserests of this bil', and it was finally re
ferred to the sub-joint committee of the
Senate and Assembly.
At the last session of the Legislature a
bill was introduced and passed providing
that the road become State property, and
in favoring the proposition it was plainly
stated that it would require but a nominal
sum to place it and keep it in repair, and
several of the members of the committee
expressed the opinion that $25,000 was by
no means a nominal sum.
Assembly bill 438, which endeavors to
prevent the granting of franchises or privi
leges for the construction, extension or
operation of railroads over or upon county
roads or highways by the Boards of
Supervisors of the several counties of the
State, developed a bug of gigantic dimen
sions and encountered a very decided
opposition from those against whose in
terests it was seeming'y framed. Nomi
nally th» bill was introduced In order to
protect the highways of the State from the
encroachments of electric roads, but as
was plainly portrayed by Attorney Pres
ton of the San Joaquln Valley road, if this
proposed act was carried, it meant a
death blow to the extension of that road.
"There are many unincorporated
towns," said the speaker, "which can
only be entered by some public highway,
and if we are debarred by this proposed
act our work must cease. For instance,
take the towns of Ridley and Visalia; the
only approach is on the public road. And
another thing— should this act pass it
would be repealing by implication the
present codes and would provoke in the
future strong litigation.
"Gentlemen of the committee," contin
ued the speaker, "the introduction of
steam railroads in any locality means
added prosperity and advancement. For
years this State ha 3 been restricted in its
growth by lack of opposition in trans
portation facilities, and the road which I
represent is tbe only one which has been
started in order to release the people from
the iron bands of the Southern Pacific,
and it has already made a cut in freight
rates of 17 per cent and they didn't liti
gate either. Ever since Its inception we
have had to meet and overcome obstacle
after obstacle.
"We have always endeavored not to im
pose in any way upon the people, and I
am borne out in this statement by the fact
that we have constructed 125 miles of road
with but four condemnation suits, in ecch
of which the contestants were awarded no
greater sums than we would have paid
them. At the present time we are blocked
at Fresno by a man named Burns who
has refused to allow us to pass through his
property, and in company with his wife
Has gone in biding in order to escape tbe
serving of papers.
"All we ask, gentlemen, is that you so
amend this act as to not throw added
difficulties in the path of a road which is
being built, not from the prosperity of its
stockholders, but through their misery.
We do not want to use the highways any
more than is absolutely necessary, as they
are conducive of damage suits, but we do
not want to be debarred from using them
when it is necessary."
Then arose a hot discussion on the sub
ject, and Assemblyman Mellick of Los
Angeles stated that he w as opposed to the
entire act, as in futurity he saw a connec
tion between the San Joaquin Valley road
an the Santa Fe which would excite an
opposition in ratea proving beneficia 1
to all.
After considerable discussion Caminetti,
at Preston's suggestion, introduced an
amendment, so that the bill reads as fol
lows:
.-ection 1. It shall be unlawful for tbe Board
of Supervisors of any county to authorize or
pass any ordinance, order or resolution grant
ing to any person or persons or association of
persons or corporation whatsoever any privi
lege or franchise for the construction, exten
sion or operation of any railroad over or upon
any or part of any county road or highway In
any county in the State of California; provided,
where public highways are absolutely re*
quired, the person or persons or association
of persons or corporation applying for such
franchise, If the same be granted, must, under
conditions prescribed by the Board of Super
visor?, provide a highway suitable and safe,
distance equal in kind with that part soap,
propriated. The provisions of this act shall
not apply to crossings over highways nor to
highways in mountain or other passes, nor to
approaches to cities and towns for a distance
of one mile therefrom.
The amendment was adopted and the
committee decided to report favorably on
the bill as amended.
yntion.nl Horticultural Convention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 28. -A call has
been issued by President Cushman of the
Ohio State Horticultural Society for a
National horticultural convention to be
held at Washington, D. C, March 5, to
consider and recommend the most appro
priate general and State legislation lor the
prevention of the introduction of noxious
and fungus grasses into the United States.
It is the understanding of the secreiaries
of the various horticultural societies
throughout the country.
STATE VttGAMZAtIO>S WAR.
Contests in the. Woman Svffragi*l» Con-
rCr.TV vention and . Officers Elected.
DES MOINES," lowa. Jan. 28.— The fore
noon session of the suffrage convention
was devoted to a discussion of a plan of
work reported by the committee on that
subject. The report proposed that the
committee be . enlarged by adding to It
women neeafbers of important standing
committees. It was objected to and re
sulted in a long discussion. It was
avowed that the business committee was
in the hands of Eastern members. o'ithe
other hand it was urged by Mrs. Anthony
ana others that, with the present small
membership it was impossible to get a
quorum. It was not adopted.
Upon the proposition that a State or
ganization have charge of their own suf
frage campaign, instead of allowing the
National organization to conduct the State
campaign, Miss Anthony said she re
gretted the feeling that the National orti
<sers wore assuming too much authority.
She said the National association had to
furnish money for ate campaigns and
should have the management. The Statd
organization won again. -
Several reports were received and read
from standing committees.
In the afternoon the training school for
organizers and workers was held.
The evening was devoted to a public pro
gramme. The following addresses were
made before a large audience:
"All the Riehts We Want." by Cather
ine Waugh McCulloch of Illinois.
"Duty and Honor,"' by Charlotte Per-.
kins Stetson of California.
v Address by President George A. Gates of
lowa College.
Address by Rev. Anna Howard Shaw of
Philadelphia.
To-morrow forenoon the delegates will
visit the State Senate by invitation. •
The election of officers resulted in re
turning the Old ones, with practically no
opposition: Susan B. Anthony, president;
Rachel Foster Avery. corresponding sec
retary; Alice Stone Blaclcwell, recording
secretary; Harriett Taylor Up on, treas
urer; Laura Clay, auditor; Carrie Lane
Chapman Catt, chairman on organiza
tion.
AFTER A 28.il Lb I MARS' CHASE.
A Deserted Wife »nd« and I'rotecutea
If v 'band and Paramour.
PALATKA, Fla., Jan. 28.— A hand
eomeand well-educated Frenchman named
Hugo Benedix and a pretty brunette
named Madeiino Elder of Indianapolis,
Ind.. were two of the principals in a sen
sational affair in Justice Coxe's court yes
terday. The other actor was Mrs. Hugo
Benedix, and she confronted the two after
a chase of three yean.
It appears that Benedix was engaged as
a stockbroker in New York City three
years ago, and Madeline Elder was em
ployed as his typewriter. The two eloped,
going to Indianapolis, where they re
mained until three mouths ago unmolest
ed, although it appears that all this time
tne deserted wife was searching for them.
After leaving Indianapolis the pair came
to PaJatka, posing as man and vife. They
spent money freely, and finally bought a
handsome « ome on the St. Johns .River,
which they callid Oak Villa. Everything
went well until yesterday, when Mrs.
Benedix appeared. She went before Jim
tice Coxe, told her story and demanded
the arrest of her husband and Miss Elder.
Warrants wer issued and Benedix aul
.Mis-! Elder were arrested Thursday night.
Yesterday they were confrontea by the
wife before Judge Coxe. Mrs. Benedix
immediately made an attack on Miss El
der and would have injured her severely
if the Sheriff had not interfered. Mrs.
Benedix between sobsaeain told her story,
and Judge Coxe h<-ld Benedix and Aiiss
Elder under bonds of $300 each. Benedix
pave cash bail, and he and Miss Elder
were released, returning to Oafc Villa.
Mrs. Benedix is still here, and says stie
will prosecute the elopers to the bitter end.
A HICICLE JOK SOL.UIEBS.
A Patent Support Stakes the Wheel Suit-
able tor Army XJ*e.
WEST POINT, N. V., Jan. 28.— J. A.
George of Williamstown, Mass., has in
vented a bicycle support which promises
to increase the use of the wheel for mili
tary purposes. The arrangement of the
devise is extremely simple. A brake-like
appliance joined to the handle-bar when
pressed drops two light steel supports to
the ground. Upon these supports the
bicycle rests, and the rider, after coming
to a standstill and without dismounting,
ran use both hands for any purpose.
Touching a small spring on the handle
bar sends the supports back into place
again. The whole affair weighs less than
one pound.
For years military men have been look
ing for a bicycle support that would en
able riders to remain awheel while load
in c ana firing. The one great obstacle to
thi9 use of the bicycle in the army has
been its inability to stand alone. The
new invention enables the soidier to halt
without dismounting and to execute the
most intricate movements which hereto
fore were impossible.
General Miles and other army bicycle
enthusiasts have given much thought to
the use of the wheel in actual warfare. Its
failure to stand alone haa been the chief
argument used against it. When a bicycle
corps cets fairly under way on a eood road
no difficulty is experienced. A halt, how
ever, meaut dismount, and each man was
compelled to hold fast to his machine.
The new support overcomes this obstacle,
and the silent steed is now under greater
control than the horse. Two of the sup
ports have been selected for inspection.
Itenih of a Acted Suffraaiitt.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 28.— Amelia
B. Post, wife of Congressman Post, flied
bere to-night after a lingering illness.
Mrs. Post came to Wyoming with her
husband in the early days of the Territory
and has taken a prominent part in its
history a* a Territory and State. She was
interestd in having the first Legislature
of the Territory pass a law granting
enfranchisprnent to women 1869. And it
was chiefly uue to her efforts that woman
suffrage in Wyoming was not abolished
by the second session of the Legislature.
Mrs. Post was a member of the State
Republican Committe for a number of
years. While in Washington, during her
husband's term as Congressman Mrs.
Post frequently spoke from the platform
with Mrs. Stanton and other noted
speakers in behalf of woman suffrage.
Mutt Produce T«l«gram».
TOLEDO, Ohio, Jan. 28.—Representa
tives of the telegraph companies were in
court to-day in the Arbuckles-Woolson
litigation and protested against producing
telegrams bearing on the sa.e of the WooJ
son shares and the reduction in coffee
that followed. Judge Morris wan obdu
rate and ordered them to produce all
such messages forthwith. The telegrams
will probably figure in to-morrow's
hearing.
JP«n«<on for n Widow of 1822.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— A Times
special from Washington says: Congress
man Aldrich has received a letter from
the chief of the Historical Society, asking
him to get a pension for the only survivor
of the Fort Dearborn massacre in 1812—
Mrs. Susan Winans of Santa Ana. Cal.
She was 6 months old at the time of the
massacre, and with her mother was made
a prisoner by the Indians.
TO CtTRE A COLD IN' ONE DAY.
Bake laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists iciuaa the money ii it Jails to euro,' -jo
GALLANT ATTACK
BY THE CUBANS
But Spanish Claim a Vic
tory in a Battle in
Chaivez Hills.
Eutcher Focdiviella Is Now
Chief of P, ! ice and a Terror
in Havana.
Dr. Bulson and G irral Coxey Raising:
a Regiment in Stockton to Help 0
the Insurgents.
HAVANA. Cuba, Jan. 28.— Colonel
Zaualza, with his column of troops, left
Kan Jose de las Lajas. in the province of
Havana, for the purpose of making a re
connoissance. In (he Chaivez Hills the
column met the combined rebel parties of
Castiile and other leaders, who received
the troops with a heavy fire of musketry.
The rebels then deployed and the posi
tions they took cut off the retreat of the
troo- s.
General Zabalza ordered a cavalry
charge, which the rebels resisted with re
markable strength, but were finally driven
away, leaving on the field thirty-nine
dead, fifteen of whom had been killed by
tne machetes of the cavalry. The Spanish
troops had six wounded.
General Weyler is reported at Caimital,
near the Hanabana River, on the border
of Mat.anz:is and Santa Clara provinces.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.-A dis
patch to tne Sun from Havana says: 'I he
nomination of Butcher Fondiviella as
Cnief of Police of Havana, which was re
ported as probable some days ago, is an
accomplished fact. It is said that Weyler
signed the appointment in the field in
Matanzas province.
The terror, therefore, from which Guana
bacoa suffered is going to be felt in the
capital.
From Madrid it is cabled to La Lucha
that General Martinez Campos has con
ferred with the Queen Regent, ana this
fact is greatly commented upon. At the
same time Senor Canovas has declared
that in a few days the reforms for Cuba
will be ieady ana published in the Ga
ceta.
Ii is believed that the Queen proposed
to Martinez Campos to go to Cuba and try
to carry out the proposed re;orm?.
Senor Santos Guzeman, Spanish Deputy
fr> m Cuba and a prominent leader of the
Intransigeant party in the island, has also
had several conferences with Canovas.
If Guzeman is satisfied with the reforms
it is because they mean nothing really lib
eral, as his hatred of the Cubans is well
known.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 23.— A move
ment is on loot here, headed by Dr. C. H.
Bulson. formerly major of the Sixth Regi
ment, N. G. C, to organize a company to
go to Cuba and help the insurgents. Dr.
Bulson this afternoon acknowledged that
he was working in conjunction with Gen
eral Coxey in connection with raising
troops to aid Cuba. The doctor said :
"It was intended to Uke 15,000 Ameri
cans to aid the insurgents. S<>on after
McKinley's inauguration the filibusters
expect McKinley to be recognized as
belligerents and that they will not be pre
vented from assisting ti<em."
Bulson was one of the officers in the
strike of 1894 and went with two com
panies of Stockton guardsmen to Duns
muir.
British table t-Xptmion.
LONDON, Eng.. Jan. 28.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Sir Georee Baden
Powell asked the Government to inform
the House of the date upon which the re
port of toe Pacific Cable Commission would
be presented.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, said that no date for pre
senting the report t\> Parliament had as
yet been fixed, as the report would first
be mads tne subject of confidential dis
cussion by tne colonial Ministers.
R. W. Handberg, Fiq^ncial Secretary to
the Treasury, stated that the Government
had not yet decided upon the question of
extending the Halifax and Bermuda
cable to the West Indies.
Violent Weather on thm Atlantic.
LONDON, Ekg., Jan. 28.— The American
line steamer New York, from New York,
January 20, arrived at Southampton to
day. She had a very rough passage.
Among her passengers is a French jour
nalist named Bronard, who claims to have
won a wager by making a circuit of the
world under adverse conditions within
eleven months.
The White Star line steamer Germanic,
from New York January 20 for Liverpool,
passed Browhead at 5:55 this morning.
She reported having experienced violent
gales throughout her passage. Two of
her lifeboats were stove in.
To Bo Extradited. JTrom England.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 28.— Proceedings
looking to the extradition of Edward K.
Taylor, alias Arthur W. Platt, who is ac
cused of the murder of Jesse Tyree in
Kentucky in 1885, were begun in the Bow
street Police Court this morning.
Taylor addressed the Magistrate and
a«ked permission to put In a statement
detailing the accident by which Tyree met
his deatn. The Magistrate refused to per
mit Taylor to lodge a statement and re
manded him until next Tuesday, when
the papers authorizing his extradition will
be issued.
May It* Returned for forgery.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 28.— A man named
Jones, who nas been engaged as horse
trainer at Scalby, near Scarborough, has
been arrested upon a warrant charging
him with the crime of forgery alleged to
have been committed in New York in 1894
wherpby he said to have obtained the sum
of $100,000. He will be brought to Lon
don and later arraigned in proceedings for
bis extradition to the United States.
Jtu**ian Mplnmat cite -red in J'ari*.
PARIS, France, Jan. 28.— Count Mura
vieff, the newly appointed head of the
Russian Foreign Office, arrived in Paris
this morniog. A large crowd of persons
assembled at the station awaiting his com
ing atid greeted him with cheers and cries
of "Vive Russia" as he made his appear
ance.
Through Kerittg •*>«<» to the Pnle.
CHRISTIAN SAND, Nobway. Jan. 28.—
Dr. Nausen, the Arctic explorer, delivered
a lecture in this city last evening, in the
course of which be said 'he best course to
take to get to the North Pole was through
Bering Sea to the north-northeasi, after
ward drifting with the ice current which
would be certain to lead to Greenland.
S n Jfraneitcnn* Coming From Muropti
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng., Jan. 28.— The
North German Lloyd steamer AUer, from
Bremen lor New York, sailed from South
ampton to-day. Among the prominent
passengers on the steamer are Dr. and Dra.
Breylogle of San Francisco.
Irory Satin for Aem lorfc.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 28 —Edward J.
Ivury, the alleged Irish-Aiuericaa dyna
mifc conspirator, who was recently set
free by ihe> collapse of he Government's
case against Him, and John F. Mclntyre,
formerly Assistant District Attorney of
New "fork, who came to London to as->i t
in his defense, together with the Ameri
can witaesses. Wynne, Bourke and Smith,
emWke! at Queenstown to-day for New
York.
Cannrat Denits a Aew Treaty.
LONDON, Ekg., Jan. 28.— A dbpatch
from MiJtid to the Central News says
that Premier Canov39 has made a formal
denial that any negotiations for a new
commercial tieaty between Spain and the
United btatea are in progress, as has been
alleged.
Cnihotlt Clrrtj i Manifesto.
VUULIS, IBZLAKD, Jan. 28.— A mani
festo largely signs.' by the Catholic c ergy
has been issued in denunciation of tb.;* re
cent course of factions o: the Irish- party
and declaring that the Irisu National par<y
had now reached its lowest stage of effi
ciency.
Pitman's hetnalns Cremated.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 28.— The body of
Sir Isaac Pitman, the inventor of the Pit
man system ot shorthand, who died last
week, was cremated at Woking to-day.
Jtrnth of Or Zedfcanttr.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 28.—
Tae death of Dr. Zedkauer, the Czar's
private physician, was announcei to-day.
JUore Troop* for M'lxsow+h.
ROME, Italy. Jan. 28.— The Wur Office
has ordered six battalions of troop* to be
got in readiness to start for MassowaU.
A PIS G THIS Fix BJi CM COURT.
Many Letter* Protect Against Mm. ISrati-
leu-Martin's Swll Hall.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— Mrs.
Bradley-Maran id in receipt by every mail
of anonymous letters protesting against
tne gorgeous ball which she is to give on
the night of February 10. She reads but
few, if any, however, and many of them
are unmistakably the production of epis
tolatory "cranks."
It is entirely safe to say to no event in
New York's wealthy social circles has ever
stirred up so much interest as this ball,
not only among the public at large, but
by those fashionable people who are sup
posed to be superior to any vulgar show of
emotions.
No lurther proof of the extraordinary
interest taken by society folk m the event
is needed than the fact that some of the
principal custumers in the town were com
pelled yesterday to shut down oa further
orders. In consequence of this there was
a scramble for the services of the lesser
lights in the business.
All sorts of plans and projects in con
nection with the big event are being
formed.
Mrs. Ogden Mill 3, Mrs. Frederic Bron
son, Mrs. Henry Sloane and Mis, John
Jacob Astor are among those who will
cive costume dinners on the night of the
ball. Bradley-Martin will appear as Louis
XVI. His costume will probably out
shine any at the ball. Yards and yards of
valyet will be used for his regal mantle,
which will be of the blue of France lined
with ermine.
MASUJFJLCTUiHiMS ADJOUJtX.
Declared. That Consul* Be Under Civil
Service Rules.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 28.— The
third and last day's session of the second
annual convention of the National Asso
ciation of Manufacturers was held to-day.
The resolution that manufacturers of
alcohol be allowed the privilege of storing
their Droducts in tanks in bonded ware
houses, ana of transporting them in tank
cars in boad, was adopted.
The committee on consular service
made a report, which was adopted, de
claring that the entire cons-alar service
should be placed under civil-service rules;
that consular officers and clerks should be
American citizens, receiving reasonable
salaries and not fees, and that the Govern
ment should own consular buildings.
The committee on officers reported in
favor of the re-election of President Search
of Philadelphia, Secretary E. H. Wilson
of Cincinnati and Treasurer Robert Laid
iaw of Cincinnati, and the nominations
were unanimously approved.
New York City was unanimously chosen
as the place for holding the convention
next year. The convention adjourned
sine die.
IDAHO ELECTS A SENATOR.
Henry Heitfelt, a Populist and a Plain
German Farmer, Will Take the
Seat of Dubois.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan 28.— The Senatorial
contest in the Idaho State Legislature
terminated to-day by the election of
Henry Heitfelt, p.Populist, to succeed Sen
ator Duboi°. The ballot was as follows:
Heitfelt 39, Dubois (Sliver Republican)
30, T. F. Nelson (Populist) 1. Twenty-five
Populists,- thirteen Democrats and one
Republican voted for the successful candi
date.
Heitfelt is of German nationality, with
a limited knowledge of the English lan
guage. He is 40 years of age and follows
farming in Nez Perces County for a liv
intr. He has several times represented his
county in the State Legislature, and is at
present a member ot the State Senate, but
has never been known to make a speech.
He is a plain, nonest German farmer with
only a rudimentary education. He is, of
course, a free-silver man.
OXEGOWS ZOA'O- DEADLOCK.
Will Mot Be Pro Ken Vntil Mitchell Pulls
Out of the Mace.
SALEM, Ob., Jan. 28.— The Davis tem
porary Ho uss opened at 9:30 this morning
and after a call of the roll it adjourned till
the same hour to-morrow. The Benson
House met at 11:80 a. X. Koilcull showed
only twenty-nine present.
A resoluiion was passed by this House
yesterday notifying the Davis faction that
if they were not in their seats at 12
o'clock noon the seats would be declared
vacant. The report of the sergeant-at
arms was read, showing . that he bad read
a copy of the resolution to all the absent
members. A cbmmittee was then ap
pointed to wait on the Secretary of State
and ascertain if said members were sworn
in. Alter the Speaker announced the
committee the House adjourned till 2 p. m.
Tne House met again at 2p. m. Roll
call showed thirty present. Toe report of
the committee appointed to visit Secre
tary Kincaid showed that no member was
sworn in but the thirty-one now com
posing the Benson-Mitchell House. The
report was adopted. This was followed
by a painful silence, which lasted for
fifteen minutes. Every eye was si rained
to see wnat would be done next. Finally
the Speaker told the House to proceed
with the introduction of bills, and thus
collapsed the great coup d'etat so loudly
pioclaimed for the last twenty-four hours.
Alter the reading of a lew biiis the
House adjourned till 10 o'clock to-morrow.
It would now look that the House will
never organize until Mitchell withdraws
from tne race.
VI AH. Si ILL liALLOTISd.
A Xew Hark Home, but Ao Election let
in tHaht.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 28.— Three
fruitless ballot.- for United States Senator
were taken in the State Legislature. To*
ballots were substantially alike and the
only new features as compared with the
closing vote of yesterday were mat Fisher
8. Harris, who has been talked of as a dark
horse, received three votes which his
friends say will be au -men ted to-morrow,
and a lady, Mrs. £. K. Laßarthe, who is a
member of the lower bouse, received four
votes.
The result of the final La! lot was:
Thatcher (D.) 20. Rawlins (D.) 16, Hen
derson (D.) 14, Harris (D.) 3, Kearns(R.)
Laßarthe (D.) 4, Chambers (D.)l, Pow
ers (D.) 1.
The effort made by some of the Demo
cratic leaders to settle the deadlock in
caucus bas fallen through, the supporters
of the three leading candidate-' being i
afraid of each other and objecting to the I
unit rule. There is no election in sight at
present.
CROOKED T.KxISLATORS.
Washington Lawmakers Accused of Bid
dint for Briber.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 28.-In an au
thorized statement Dr.: G. V. Calhonn
charges certain members of the Legisla
ture with venality as follows: "Senator
Plummer, Spokane, President pro tern.
? f 1!?® Senate . offered to vote for Squire
for $500. He made the offer to me. Sen
ator A. D. Warner (Everett) came to me
and told me there was a pool of twenty
members who were not committed to any
Senatorial candidate. They would agree
to vote for Squir» for $1000 down and a
contingent of $5000 if Squira was elected."
Dr. Calhoun was a Harrison Presiden
tial elector in this State four years ago.
WEAVER VILLE IS EXCITED.
Box Full of Human Skeletons Found on
the Outskirts of Town — An Old
Mystery Recalled.
REDDING. Cal., Jan. 28. -The people
of the progressive little ruining town of
Weaverville, the county seat of Trinity
County, have been thrown into a fever of
excitement ovpt the di-covery of a box
full of human skeletons right in the very
limits of the town.
Paul Zu{;er, who lives on a small ranch
and placer mine combined, which place
ioins the town limii3 of "Weaverville.
tame to Redding to-ciay, and from him
The Call correspondent learns the par
ticulars of the unearthing of these fkele
ton», which may and withont any doubt
does solve the whereabouts of an entire
family who mysteriously disappeared
from Weaverville over twenty-nve years ,
ago.
Two sons of Mr. Zuger have been at
work for two weeks sluicing a piece of
ground on their father's premises. The
particular piece of ground is a cut be
tween two cracks and not over half a
mile from the Weaverville Courthouse.
The ground has never been worked since
Mr. Zuzer moved onto it, and that was in
the tail of 1871. 'While at work sluicing
the boys uncovered a box, quite badly de
cayed and containing seven human skele
tons.
Some were full-grown, while other 9 were
small, as of children. They reported their
discovery, and all Weaverville has turned
out to gaze on the bones.
Ttie boys thought at rirst the skeletons
were those of In ;ians, but on second
thought decided that could not be, as In
dians never bury their dead in boxes, and
especially as early as before 1871 they were
not in the habit of making coffins. The
discovery of the skeletons brought to the
memory of some of the old settlers the
mysterious disappearance of an entire
family about six years before the Zugera
moved to the place.
A family named Jensen lived in the
very spot where the bones were found.
The family -consisted of father, mother
and several children. One morning their
nous* was discovered burned and the
family missing. A couple of days there
alter the father was seen, but only for a
few moments, after which he disappeared,
and to this day no trace has been heard of
the unfortunate family.
It is now supposed by many that the
skeletons now brought to light are those
of that family, who were either murdered
by a fiendish father and buried there or
else made the victims of Indiana, the
father alone escaping. His departure
later, however, was suspicious. The bones
have been temporarily reinterred, but it
In said an investigation will be held in an
effort to solve tne mystery.
7 • — r :■•■. .. . .-.;
BEA.YI It A IX AT MEDDIXQ.
A. Boon to Placer Miners, Hut May Tin
Damage Otherwise.
REDDING, Cal., Jan. 28.— A steady rain
began falling here last evening and con
tinued with increased vigor until to
nigbt, when it came down in torrents, ac
companied by a heavy soutn wind. All
small streams rose rapidly during the
afternoon and the river is rapidly rising.
The rain is a great blessing to placer
miners, who need water to work their
claims. It is feared, however, the storm
will do much damage otherwise. Red
ding's streets are in complete darkness to
night on account of the storm breaking the
arc electric-light wires. The rainfall for
the season to date is 21.99 inches.
fatal Coal Mine Explomlon.
DESMOINES, lowa, Jan. 28.— Eleven
men were injured, one, Louis Fogler, fa
tally, by the explosion in a coal mine at
Foster. Monroe County, yesterday.
NEW TO-DAY.
) Why should
you buy starch
in a baking
powder can?
Would you
rather have ab. \
solutely pure
starch or just
simon-pure be tk.
ing powder?
Trophy
Tillmana & Bendel, Mfrfc
"DR.MCNULTY.
nPHFS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLB OLli
■•- opecU!iPtcur<;jPrlvate,Neivous,BloodaiidBktn
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
experience. Send for Boole, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. : Hoars, 9to 8 '
oally;6:30to8.30ev I ss. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta. \
Uou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address J
P. ROSCOE JIcM'LTY, M. D., A
»g,^ Kcmiiv Slr*M-l, Nan Frtin-lix.i. C,| JF'
BRUSHES? &» '&
■# 1 1 WW■■ Mm W nouses, billiard - tabl«%
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. canoert
dyers, flonrmllls. foundries, laundries, mm?
hangers. printers, painters, shoe factories, stable
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
Rrn - BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush AUnurnctureriT. eot>S»ci : Min«iU»9fcWOULD DEFEAT
ITS FORECLOSURE
Allen Impedes Proceedings
as to the Union
Pacific.
Energetic Oratory on the Inter
national Monetary Commis
sion Bill.
Point Arena Lift-Saving Station Bill
Passed— Cana: Bill Laid
Aside A am-
WASHINGTON. D. G, Jan. 28.— The
proposed sale ol the property of tbe Union
Pacific Railroad under foreclosure pro
ceedings instituted by tbe Attorney-Gen
eral is sought to be impeded and prevent
ed by a resolution offered in the Senate
to-day by Allen, the Populist Senator
from Nebraska.
Allen's resolution instructs the Com
mittee on Pacific Roads to inquire <md
report whether, under existing law*, the
executive department has authority to
foreclose the Government mortgage on
the Union Pacific Raiiroad and tJ sail the
property without additional legislation;
also as to the authority of tba President
or Attorney-General to contract in ad
vance of sale for the amount that is to be
bid; also whether it is not the duty of the
President and the Secretary of the Treas
ury to redeem or otherwise clear off all
the paramount liens ry paying the same,
and directing the Attorney-General in the
meantime to refra.n from entering into
further stipulations or agreements re
specting the sale of the property.
Allen proceeded to explain and advo
caie his resolution. He said that the re
organization committee would be, by
virtue of the purchase, subrogated to all
the rights and properties of the Union
Pacific Company, including a sinking
fund of $14,000,000 or $15,000,000 and a
land grant of about 18,000.000 acres. It
was necessary, he said, that Congress
should have full information, so as to be
able to act Intelligently on the subject.
He arcued that it was tne duty of the
President, under the Jaw, not to direct
foreclosure, but to pay off all paramount
liens and take possession of the property.
There was no pretense, he said, that any
effort had been made by the President to
redeem the property. Tbe right to fore
close was a secondary right, dependent
on the failure of the primary right of re
demption.
Platt (R.) of Connecticut asked Allen
whether under the statute the President
had to use both remedies or whether they
were alternative remedies. Allen replied
that the language of the statute was not
couched so as to make the remedies alter-
native.
The President, he added, could not
ignore the provision of the statute. The
price fixed, Ailen asserted, was not equal
to 50 per cent of the value of the property;
in his judgment it was not equal to 35 per
cent. He complained that the property,
worth $140,000,000, should be taken from
the control of Congress by an executive
order, and said it was bad enough to have
the Cuban affair and other foreign matters
■withdrawn from the control of the Senate
without having domestic matters also
withdrawn.
Thurston (R.)of Nebraska said that he
desired to address the Senate on the sub
ject and asked that the resolution go over
until to-morrow, and it was so ordered.
The bill for a representation by com
mission at any international monetary
conference was taken cp, and Chandler
addressed the Senate in favor of it. He
appealed to Cannon (R.) of Utah to with
diaw his amendment requiring the hold
ing of the conference in the United States.
He also appealed to Stewart (Pop.) of
Nevada, whom he spoke of as "the friend
of my lifetime," to withdraw his amend
ment, which provides that, within a
month after the failure and adjournment
of the conference, gold and silver shall be
coined in the United States mints, the
silver into standard silver dollars.
Stewart said that he bad no disposition
to embarrass or hinder the passage of the
bill, but be went on to argue that the
United States should alone coin silver
dollars on a fixed ratio of gold.
Alter we fix our own money," he was
asked by Hoar (II.) of Massachusetts,
"and after we conclude that it is for our
good to get goid and silver coined at our
mints at a certain ratio, would it not be a
good thing if we could persuade the other
nations of the world to adopt the same
ratio?"
"I think not," Stewart replied. "I
think it would be a very bad thing. In
the first place, it would rob us of the ad
vantage of acquiring silver. Let them
Btict to gola, although the bill is very
humiliating to the United States in that
it requires other nations to give their con
sent to our legislation. I shall not oppose
its passage.''
. In the course of along speech Stewart
yielded • the floor fora moment to <l*able
Bacon (D. ) of Georgia to offer an amend
ment to the bill authorizing the President
of the United States to call, in his discre
tion, such international conference to as
semble at such point as may be agreed
upon.
■ Chandler said that while he did not
thin-k it necessary, he saw no objection to
jt, and therefore lie was willing that it
should be adopted.
Stewart then went on with his speech.
While he was descanting upon all the
evils inflicted upon the people and when
he used the phrase, "You are responsible
for all this," Hoar asked him, jocularly,
who he meant by "you." "Did he mean
the Vice-President?" [Laughter].
•'When I say 'you,' >: Stewart ex
claimed, "I mean every servant of the
British power; I mean every man who
Likes to see the poor miserable and tne
rich happy; I mean those who want to
have a stronger Government here to keep
down the rabble."
• Stewart resumed his speech, and said
that he would allow the bill to pass in any
form that its friends desired. At the close
of his speech the bill went over till to
morrow, and the Senate went into execu
tive'session.
The doors were reopened at 4:30 p. at.
and the Nicaragua canal Dill was taken
up. Morgan presented a substitute for
tne amendment offered by him yesterday
to meet the objection made in tne com
munication of Minister Rodriguez. He
also presented resolutions from the Na
tioual Board of Trade, sitting in Wash
ington, declaring that the construction of
the Nicaragua canal is of the highest im
portance to the commercial interests of
the United States.
The bin was then l..id aside and the
bankruptcy bill taken up. Nelson (R. ) of
Minnesota asserted that there was no bill
beiore Congress of such urgency as a
bankruptcy bill.
"What bankruptcy bill?" Hale (R.) of
Vaine asked. - "Is it the Torres bilit" j
"Some kind of a bankruptcy bVL" Nel
son replied. /_ „ _ -»
Hoar (R. of Massachusetts, «V c * a or
the bill, expressed the hope e »d be l lei
that the Torrey bill would be passed wun
some modification. /. .. fho
Hale (R.) of Maine-I will jo«n i wUn the
Senator from Massachusetts in ' to * l c " ort i
because in the present condit-on of almost
suspended animation of the » n . d ™;* le "£
the country it i» necessarf to wipe . I he
slate clean in many respe.t-". * "™* l "
ing that the Senator from Massachusetts
asked un-nimoui consent that the
th eHoS° M Tto provide a. life-saving
station at Point Arena, endocino County
Ca) "was taken from the calendar and
Das<eJ:al."o House bUI for the relief of
Cog* well & Co. of St. Louis, reopen
ing a claim o: $1306; also House oil 1 re
lating to mortgages in the Indian Tern-
Also House bill to authorize officers
who served during the late war in the rep
mar army to bear the title and on occa
sions of ceremony wear the uniform of
their highest rank. '
Abo Senate bill to remove doubts con
cerning the jurisdiction of District Judges.
It provide" that a District Judge shall
have ftU the powers of a Circuit Judge
within bis own district and also within
any district in which he shall b.* desig
nated to hold court during the time lim
ited by such designation.
Tbi Senate bill to extend the time for
the completion of the St. Paul, Minne
apolis and Manitoba Railroad through In
dun reservations was passed. .
/ Several petitions favoring the imme
diate ratification of the arbitration treaty
were read.
The Senate, at 5:15 o'clock, adjourned
until to-morrow.
THE HARRISON BILL
New Provision Eliminating the Union Paci~
fie as Foreclosure Is Confined to
the Central Pacific.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.— After
being so amended that It should not inter
fere with the foreclosure proceedings
which the Government has instituted
Bgainst the Union Pacific Railroad the
Harrison bill to settle the indeb edncss of
the Pacific railways to the Government by
a commission consisting of the Secretary
of tbe Treasury, the Secretary of the In
terior and the Attorney-General was con
sidered at the meeting to-day of the sub
committee of the Pacific Railroad Com
mitue and ordered reported favorably to
tbe full committee.
Tbe bill provides that the Government
shall still control the rates of fare and
transportation; that the commission shall
report their action one year from the pas
sage of the bill, and gives the commission
full power to seitle the indebtedness of
one or all the bonded railroads to the Gov
ernment.
Tnere was a provision engrafted on the
bill to-day eliminatinc ihe Union Pacific
Railroad from the commission, because
the foreclosure proceedings limits the com
mission to the indebtedness of the Cen
tral Pacific, the branch line extending
from Atcnison, Kas., 100 miies west, ana
thf Sioux City ami Pacific.
Toe bill wili be laid before the full com
mittee at a special session to be held on
Saturday, and judging from the opinions
expressed at the previous meeting of tlie
committee it is not unlikely that a favor
abie report will be ordered. In this event
Speaker Reed will be asked to set the time
for its consideration. The fate of the bill
is uncertain. Those who are most deeply
interested in it expressed a disinclination
to speculate upon the chances of its
passage.
OF IXTERBST 1O THE COAST.
Patenta and Petition* Are Srcured by
Cnlifornian*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.— W. M.
Taylor was to-day appointed Postmaster
at Durham, Butte County, vice J. V.
Fimple, resigned.
Pacific Coast patents have been issued
as follows: Clifford C. Cuyler, Araeo, Or.,
nut lock; George W. Drew, San Francisco,
saw gauee; Cornelius T. Crisoll, Mission
San Jose, Cal., non-refiilable bottle; Axel
Johnson, Oakland, Cal., assignor of
two-thirds to 0. Josselyn, Woodside, can
soldering machine; Effie E. Johnson,
Angels Camp, Cal., case or receptacle for
use by tourists or others ; Percy L. Lord,
Riverside, Cal., combined pencil sharp
ener and eraser-cleaner; M : guel Mor
r-11, £anta Barbara, Cal., water-closst;
Ernest L. Parker, Los Angeles, eleva
tor; Paul J. Stuparich, San Fran
cisco, die for maufacturing cards lor
photographic mounts; James M. Thorn,
College Park, assignor of two-thirds
to E. D. Wolfe and M. Phillip* of San
Jose, ruining caisson; James T. Tinker,
Portland, Or., amalgamator; David F.
Whitman. Oregon City. Or., washing ma
chine; Helen S. Wbitton, Fruitvale, Cal.,
contiguous germ incinerator.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California, original — Armstad Swift, Nord ;
John W. McKenzie, Yountviile; John H.
Orcutt, Santa Paula; David Johnson,
Fresno; rienry Montgomery, Fresno
Flats.
Original widows, etc.— Emily V. Van
Tress, Los Angeles.
Oregon, orginal— E. W. Berbart, Perry
dale.
Washington, original— Prank Quaeken
bush, Olympia; David L. Crossen, Spring
dale. Original widows, etc.. special, Jan
uary 15— Mary E. Newton, Spokane.
HUBBARD HAS * SUBSTITUTE.
Prepare* a Bill to Settle the Itebtt of
Pacific Railroad*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.-Rep
resentative Hubbard of Missouri, repre
senting the minority on the House Pa
cific Railroads Committee, has prepared
the draft of a bill us a substitute for the
"Harrison bill" providine for a commis
mission to settle the debts of the Pacific
railroads. Hubbard's bill provides that
each section of the country shall be repre
sented on such commission, and that
there shall be thirteen members.
There is a provision included regulating
freight rates and passenger fares on the
Central Pacific, and in anticipation that
Huntington or his agents might possibly
buy in the Central Pacific at a public sale
it is expressly provided that the pur
chasers of the Central Pacific shall enter
into ao kind of traffic agreement with the
Southern Pacific.
ECKELS OK fIU SUCK.
H« Tell* H7iv the Country Has Lately
Suffered.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.—Comp
troller Eckels of the Treasury to-day ad
dressed the Committee on Currency, and
Banking on several bihs referred to him.
He said a great depression had been
brought about by overtrading, unwise
credit and unusual extravagance — public
and private.
The great decline in the goid reserve
was caused by fear on the part of the pub
lic that the Government could not meet
its demand obligations. The legal tenders
could be gradually turned in away which
would not attract speculation. If the plan
of Secretary McCulloch, he contended,
had been followed and the obligation* re
tired, we would never have had the late
trouble.
Hawaiian Cable Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25— The
Republican steering committee this after
noon decided to make ' the Hawaiian
cable bill the order of business after the
Nicaraguan canal bill is out of the way.
This action was conveyed to the Demo
cratic committee, and while that commit
tee has not finally concurred the majority
of the members this afternoon agreed in
formally that at a meeting to be held to
morrow they would consent to this order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
THE INDIAN BILL
PASSES THE HOUSE
Liberal Appropriations for
the Sioux Agency
Schools.
Humorous and Acrimonious
Speeches on Altgeld and
Secretary Morton.
Agricultural Bill Was Sidetracked.
D.ffrrences en the Purity of
Ohio Election.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.—Sev
eral interesting and at times humo rous
acrimonious political speeches were un
expectedly precipitated upon the House
to-day, just at the close of an ott erwise
dull session, during which the considera
tion of the Indian appropriation bill, be
gun on Monday last, wa.^ concluded, and
tbe bill passed with some material
changes, all reducing the scope of tbe
measure.
Wadswortn (R.) of New York, chair
man of the Committee on Agriculture, had
called up the bill making appropriations
for the agricultural department for the
year 1897-98, and following Sherman's
course in the management of the Indian
bill, yielded the floor to Grosvenor (R.) of
Ohio. That gentleman usea the oppor
tunities thus accorded him to defend the
State of Ohio from what he termed the
false charges of ex - Goremor Altgeld,
mode in the latter's speech at the recep
tion given him last week. Other speak
ers defended Altgeld.
During the day Grout (R.) of Vermont
reported the appropriation bill for the
District of Columbia.
Thomas (R.) of Michigan gave notics
that on Wednesday next he would ask the
House to consider the report of Election
Committee 3 on the contest of Cornett
vs. Swansen. from the Fifth Virginia Dis
trict.
The Speaker laid before the House a
num ber of private bills with Senate amend
ment*, which were agreed to. Other
bills which the house had amended were
sent to conference, the Senate refusing to
accept the House amendments.
By unanimous consent a bill was con
sidered and passed to extend the time of
the ccn>truction by the East Nebraeka and
Gulf Railroad Company of its line through
the Omaha and Winnebaco reservation,
Nebraska.
To half a dozen others, mostly private
pension bills, objection was made and
they went over.
Grout (R.) of Vermont reported the ap-
Dropriatiun bill for the District of Colum
bia. Calendar.
The House then went into committee of
the whole to further consider the Indian
appropriation bill. The paragraph im
meu..aefy under consideration was that
providing for the salaries and expenses of
the Dawes Indian Comm ission.
Sherman (R.) of New York offered an
amendment changing the phraseology of
the paragraph to meet the objections
raised by Cannon ( R. ) of Illinois and also
reducing the amount from $50,000 to
$43,000. Agreed to.
On a roint o f order made by Cannon an
item of $.50,000 for the irrigation of the
southern U;o allotments was stricken out.
Murphy (K. )of Arizona offered, through
Curtis (R.) of Kansas an amendment at
the suggestion of the Bureauof Ethnology
forbidding the removal or destruction of
antiquities on reservations in the western
country under pena'ty. Agreed to.
The Drovision inserted by the commit
tee that "hereafter wtiere funds appro
priated in speciuc terms for a particular
object are not sufficient for the object
named, any other appropriation general
in its terms, which would otherwise be
available, may be used to accomplish the
object for which the specific appropriation
was made," met the proniDt objection of
Dockery (D. ) of Missouri, and being new
legislation was rejected.
An amendment proposed by Curtis (R.)
of Kansas was agreed to providing that
the children of a marriage between a white
man and an Indian woman sbouid have
the same rights to the property of the
tribe to which the mother belonged asanv
otl.er member of the tribe.
The proposition to abolish the offices of
Commissioner and Assistant Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs and to appoint a
board of Indian Commissioners to do their
work went out on a point of order.
An item of $10,000 for the erection of a
bridge across the Big Wind River on the
Shothone reservation, Wyo., went out on
a point of order.
The paragraph removing all restrictions
against the leasing, sale or conveyance of
ti.e allotted lands ot the Puyallup Indians
in Pierce County, Wash., also went out
on a point of order.
The appropriations for schools ($225,000)
and for employes ($85,000), at the Sioux
agencies, which bad been qu»stioned by
Cannon, were agreed to, he having with
drawn his objection.
Ad amendment was agreed to appropri
ating $3000 to repair the bridge over Big
Wind Kiver, Wyo.
The last sixteen pages of the bill in
which were set out the terms of the agree
ment with the Shoshone and Arapahoe
tribes of Indians in Wyoming and with
the Turtle Mountain band of Chippewa
Indians, North Dakota, with the declara
tion that they be ratified and confirmed,
were stricken out on the ground that the
ratification had no place in a general ap
propriation bill.
Tne committee rose, the bill was re
ported to the House, the various amend
ments agreed to, and as thus amended the
biil was passed.
The conference report upon the bill
authorizing the purchaser of the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad, under foreclosure of
the mortgage, to incorporate the company,
was presented by Powers (R.) of Vermont,
and he gave notice that he would call it
up for consideration to-morrow.
The House again went into committee
of the whole to consider the agriculture
appropriation bill. Debate was limited to
an hour, half of which was occupied by
Grosvenor (R.)of Ohio, in a reply to the
speech by ex-Governor Altgeld, at the
recent banquet given in his honor at the
c-lose of his gubernatorial term. Altgeld
had declared that, in the Jale election,
Bryan was defrauded of victory by stuffing
the t allot- boxes in certain States named.
One of these was Ohio, in which he said
94,000 fraudulent votes had been counted
for McKinley. If there had been a fair
election, Altgeld had. asserted, Bryan
would have carried the State by over
40,000 plurality.
Grosvenor said he would have supposed
that Alteeld wonld be the last man to
drag out from the rapidly closing waves
of oblivion the facts of the late election,
for it was bis understanding that one of
the most potent factors in the Republican
victory was the desire to defeat a party
tbnt bad him for one of its leaders.
Grosvenor declared that no State in the
Union had fairer elections or better elec
tion laws tnan Ohio. He reviewed the
table ol votes at recent elections in O.io,
which showed that the Republican vote
in 1896 increased over tuat ol 1895 by
120,000, while the Democratic vote showed
an increase of over 200,000. So that what
ever fraud in the Republican vote was be
yond the comprehension of that profes
sional slanderer applies with twice as
much loroe to the Democrats as the Re
publicans.
He asserted that in several States the
election resulted in increasing the Repub
lican majority. The slander of AUgeld,
Grosvenor said, had not been repeated
nor indorsed by a single Democratic
leader or Democratic newspaper in the
State of Ohio.
Grosvenor's remarks were supplemented
Dy Bromweil (K.) of Ohio, wno presented
a table of votes cast at State and Presi
dential elections in Ouio since tne Repub
lican party named its first Presidential
candidate.
De Armond (D.)of Missouri, disclaiming
any interest in the controversy between
ex-Governor Altgeld and the Republican
Senators of Ohio, continued tbe general
debate on the agricultural bill by r aaing
from a newspaper article, printed shortly
after the November election, which went
toshowtbat AUgeld's charges regarding
the vote of Ohio were well founded. As to
AUgeld himself, De Armond said, it must
be conceded by friend and foe alike that
he had the courage of his convictions and
made his charges where there was an op
portunity to answer tfcem. He said it
might be that the Governor would have
an answer here to tne gentleman from
Ohio, for he seemed to have yet the sup
port of a large and enthusiast. c following
in his State, and, he believed, in the coun-
try.
De Armond then devoted himself to a
topic having some relation to the bill—
the bulletins issued by the Department of
Agriculture, snowing, as he said, the illit
eracy and poverty of those Suites which
had the temerity to declare their desire to
see the restoration V c free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. This he de
clared to be a slander upon that part of
the people whom the Secretary of Agri
culture in the administration of hi? ofhce
was supposed to particularly represent.
C. W. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania said:
"The gentleman understands that the Re
publicans are not responsible for the
official?"
De Armond — Oh, certainly, and I can
thoroughly appreciate the gratification
you must feel over that faot. Years ago
it was said of a great Secretary, "The Sec
retary stood alone; modern degeneracy
has not reached him." Now the iangna'ge
is different. "The Secretary stands alone;
modern deseneracy has not passed him."
[Laughter.] He apuealed to the Repub
licans to tind a place for him after tnis
administration ended. He understood, of
course, that he could not be kept in his
present place. In former times royal
courts comprised such an individual, but
there was no court now to place him.
"But," he asked, ''can't you put him on
a shelf in the museum labeled as a curi
osity of modern political lif« and modern
political administration ?''
Grosvenor— l understand the gentleman
to criticize my remarks, partly at least, on
the grounrt that Governor Altgeld would
have no opportunity to reply. May I ask
what arrangement the gentleman has
made for the Secretary of Agriculture to
respond to tnis attack?
De Armond — I cannot imagine, Mr.
Speaker, but that tt»e gentleman from
Ohio, who speaks here at least once 3 day
and often several days, will respond for
him. [Laughter,]
De Armond tiien, to the great, amuse
ment of the House, described Secretary
Morton as a man who was always writing
when he was not talking, always talkihg
when he was not writing, and always do
ing both when not thinking, and con
cluded wiih the following parody on
Gray's lines:
Full many a whim of purest ray serene,
Th*- daiic un fathomed dreams of Morton bear,
Ful many a wheel is formed to whirr unseen
And >• a*tt Its flretness 'oeath J. Sterling's hair.
Wadsworth then stated that the pend
ing bill carried a total appropriation of
13,152,752, a net decrease ol $102,780 from
tue appropriation for the current fiscal
year.
In the appropriation for the Weather
Bureau there was a decrease of $330 in the
item for salaries and a total decrease of
$4290 in the same item for the entire de
partment aside Irom the Bureau of Ani
mal Industry. For that bureau an in
crease of $25,000 was provided in order to
extend the inspection of meat provided
for in the act of March 3, 1891, to numerous
abattoirs and packing-houses which have
requested such inspection and which have
not up to the present time received it.
The committee arose at 5:10 and on
motion of Payne (R.) of New York the
House adjourned.
TWO REPGRTERS MAY BE DEAD.
Inexplicable Collision on the Mississippi
and the Newspaper Men Go Down
With Their Yacht.
NEW ORLEANS. La., Jan. 28.— The
Norwegian steamship Albert Dumers and
the steam yacht Argo collided in the Mis
sissippi River, near Point Eads, at 12:35
o'clock, and two reporters, members of
the Picayune's staff, were probably
drowned, as nothing was seen of tneni
after the boats came together.
The Dumers lay by and searched for
the missing men for more than an hour,
after picking up the boats, but nothing
was seen of them.
Nine persons, including the crew, were
aboard the Argo, which had been char
tered by the Picayune to convey its re
porters to the jetties that were to be
viewed by the Congressional delegation
now in this locality.
Up to that time no arrangements for the
prea« had been made on the steamer
Whitney, which wa» carrying the Con
gressmen. The Argo left Algiers some
time before the Whitney departed with
the Congressional party, and this is how
she came to be in the middle of the Mis
sissippi when the Dumers was on her way
up the river.
At 11 o'clock all on board the Argo, ex
cept Captain Brown, in command, and
the engineer, went to bed. The crash
when the Argo and the Dumers struck
awoke everybody, and all clambered on
deck in their underclothing to hnd their
boat stove in and fast sinking.
The largest boat the Argo carried
would barely hold the party, but they
crowded into it and cast off. The wind
was high, and considerable difficulty was
experienced in getting to the Dumers, as
the overloaded boat was unmanageable.
The names of the missing reporters are
H. B. Blessine and Harrison Hesler.
The latter is a son of Secretary Hesler
of the Cotton Exchange. It is believed
he was asleep in the cabin of the yacht,
the shock not awakening him, and went
down with the vessel.
The collision is inexplicable. It oc
curred at a point where the river is narrow
ana a strong current runs, and Captain
Brown of the yacht probably lost his head
at a critical moment.
Steltner «irnrrf<-d the Fight.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28. — The
board of governors of the Sacramento
Athletic Club to-night annulled the de
cision of Referee Donahue in declaring
the Stelzner-Van Buskirk ficht a draw,
and awarded the tight to Stelzner. The
club hail reserved the risjbt to overrule
the referee's decision, if in its judgment
the contest was not given to the one hav
ing the most decided advantage.
7/i»i Prophet Uniting the Saint*.
ATCHISON, Kaw.. Jan. 28.— Joseph
Smith, head of the .Latter-Day Saints'
church, arrived to-day to unite all Latter-
Day Saints' factions in the city with the
Reorganized church. Smith is wonting to
unite all factions of Latter- Day Saints in
the United States, including the ioJlowers
of Brigham Young.
Format*, of Illinois Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28 —The
Senate to-day confirmed the nomination
of William b. Forman of Illinois at Com
miseieaer of Internal Revenue.
NEW TO-DAJT CLOTHING.
THE WIND-UP
—-OF OUR—
Grand Sweep Sale
JfcplSP^ 7/ ill lit To-day and Saturday are the two
WM^JSf J O/iL V ryjdmSf'fi^ H last days of this great Sweep- ' Em-Out
Bljfiiy ■/ . yfTi^^^' Sale. They'll be interesting days for
11111111^ *y/ D^ HSSI^'JSp y° Tl ' Not one department, but in all
* AT^s|i§iflfe departments of the house, the brooms
•^^-ATv^dAYjf^^SP^ must make a clean sweep by Satur-
EXTRAORDINAR V
OFFER IN OUR
BOYS' DEPARTMENT
For to-day and Saturday
only.
Some very swell Reefer
Suits with deep sailor col-
lar, handsomely braided,
in Blue Twill Cheviots, in-
cluding an extra, pair of
pants, all wool ; $6 is the
actual value, ages 3 to 10.
For two days 'only at
ANOTHER BIG OFFER
TO WIND UP THIS
GREAT SWEEP-' EM-
OUT SALE.
Some 300 Suits in hand-
some All- Wool Double and
Twist Cheviots, Scotches,
handsome overplaids, in
all the newest shades, in
two-piece and Reefer style,
Suits that you have all
along paid six dollars for ;
ages 3 to 10 and 9 to 15.
For to-day and Satur-
day, and no more, at
$2.95.
Have you seen the Ha-
vana Brown Hats ?
They're Special to-day at
~95c-
THE
CLOSING
SALE
In our Men's Suit Rooms
to-day and Saturday.
Stylish and well made
Blue and Black Cheviot
Suits, all styles, elegantly
tailored, in the sweep at
$4.75.
m
OUR
BIG
OFFER
Of highly fashionable $1
Suits, in very swell plaids
and many other effects to
select from, values that are
plainly marked in other
stores near by at $15.
To-day • and Saturday
ends the sweep - 'em- out
price at
$6.00.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
THE SCO BOYS.
9, 11, IS arid 15
KEAKNY STREET.
Our Overcoat Department
was packed yesterday ;
rain cuts no figure. It's
the great sweeping-out val-
ues that loosen the purse-
strings.
®®®®®®®O SXS®®®®®®
Last days of those very
clever Overcoats, full Win-
ter weight, stylish and well
made, at
tpo.yo.
To-day and Saturday
ends the sale of those Mel-
ton Overcoats, made with
deep velvet collar. Their
real value is $8 to $10.
In the sweep till Satur-
day night at
$4.95.
Until Saturday night
and then no more at the
price. Royal Kersey Over-
coats, cut long, with deep
velvet collar, lined with
clay worsted, satin sleeve
linings; Box Overcoats >in
Covert Cloths, Overcoats
valued up to $15. To-day
and Saturday winds 'em
up at
$8.50.
LET US BE YOUR DOC-
TOR IN ONE OF THESE
WARM OVERCOATS AT
TINY PRICES. ;
i '■' 1J •
34
GOVERNOR SADLER
WILL SURELY SIGN
Glove- Contest Bill Passes
the Legislature of
Nevada.
Opposition of Ministers Killed
by Speedy Action of the
Senate.
Carson Is Jubilant and Assumes a
Eusy Air— Work to B.gin oa
the B.g Pavilion.
C ARSON, Nev., Jan. 2?.— There was
great excitement in the Senate chamber
when the glove-contest bill was placed on
final passage this morning. It was gener
ally believed the nieht before that the biil
was doomed, but members who had been
against it received telegrams from all over
the State urging tnem to stand by the bill.
As tnese telegrams were read from the
clerk's desk it was eaay to see tnat the
tide was turning, as many of the dis
patches were from prominent men and
heavy taxpayers.
There was a scene of snppreued excite
ment as the roll was called an.' when two
doubtful Senators wheeled in line the
vote stood 9 to 6 and the news spread rap
idly over the city. The business men were
delighted at the news and there was hardly
a dissentiHc voice except from the clergy.
The pastors of. the various denomina
tions met in solemn conclave the ni^i.t
before and held a council of war. Tney
decided to smite the coming iniqui;y with
a series. of resolutions netting forth in
becoming clerical language their ideas of
the bill. Tney drew up the protest and
in the morning were circulating it among
iheir flocks.
While they were thus engaged the
President of the Senate had hammered
the desk with bit gavel and announced
the passage of the bill. The parsons, who
were about to spring their petition on the
Senate, were met by tho crowd coming out
announcing that the measure was passed.
They made an attempt to get it recon
sidered, but could find no one to make
the motion, and to-.nignt the bill is being
enrolled for the Governor's signature.
The Governor is a hard- headed German,
who has no Puritanical ideas on the
proposition. He believes that the matches
if properly conducted will tring thcu-ands
of people to Nevada who otherwise would
not come, and they will be brougnt in
contact with the great natural resources
of the State. Besides this, nine-tenths of
the people of Nevada are in favor of tho
bill, and there is no doubt that he will*
sign it to-morrow.
The bili calls for $1000 to be paid by the
managers for each tight, and the idea is
that if there i 3 to be any lighting it will
be properly handled. It also shuts out
the Cheap John fighters who have become
a nuisance in Nevada.
Up to to-day there has been a stringent
law here against pugilistic encounters,
but it has never been enforced and no
Grand Jury ever pays the slightest atten
tion to iis violators.
W. K. Wheelock. the agent of Dan
Stuart, stated to The Call reporter this
evening that he had no authority from
Mr. Stnart to say where the fight would
come off; Mr. Stuart was the proper per
son to make the announcement. There is
no doubt, however, that the right will
come off at the Carson racetrack at the
time set and- In a pavilion that will hold
at least 15,000 people.
Already the San Francisco sporting men
are telegraphing for accommodations at
the hotels, and it is regarded in San Fran
cisco that tne matter is now definitely
settled. Another good feature to them is
the certainty of no interference, which
enables those who desire to see the great
est contest of the past quarter of a cen
tury to make their plans.
To-day teleerams were pouring in from
all over the United States from newspa
pers hungry for news of the affair. The
plans for the big pavilion aie expected
here in a few days and every idle man
hereabout will be put to work.
i)Ay stvaht talks.
Pleased If if ft the Action, of Sevada and
Mate* Hit Flan*.
DALLAS, Texas, Jan. 2S.— Dan Stuart
to-night informed the correspondent of
the United Associated Presses thatCorbett
and Fitzsimmons will fight in Nevada on
March 17. Mr. Stuart said:
"I am gratified at the liberal spirit
tbown toward athletic sports by tho Leg
islature and Governor of Nevada. It had
not originally been my intention to have
Corbett an 4 Fitzsimmonsmeetin that State
after signing them for a second time; but
things have so shaped themselves that
Nevada is the most desirable location in
sight.
"I shall start for Nevada within the
next four or five days, to devote my time
to the details of making the battle a suc
cess as a high-class sporting event.
' I shall try to get one more first-class
attraction for the 17th of March, and pre
fer Peter Maher to be one of the partici
pants. I shall intrust the making of this
match to Al Smith, who knows all the
men of the country worth mentioning.
"The railroad companies will meet in
San Francisco to-morrow to arrange the
transportation end of the fight. As to the
selection of the town where the hstic car
nival will take place I shall be governed
by the public's convenience and my best
business interests."
TEN ROUNDS AND A DRAW.
Fierce Fight Eelween Dick Burge and
Eddie Connolly Before an Excited
Crowd in England.
BIRMINGHAM. Etc., Jan. 28.-The
match between Dick Burge and EJdie
Connolly, formerly of St. John, New
Brunswick, and later of Boston, for £1000
a side, took place before the Olympic
Sporting Club here to-night, and resulted
in a draw.
The men were matched to fight twenty
rounds at 144 pounds. At the end of the
tenth round both men were too weak to
fight longer, and the referee declared the
contest a draw.
Burge fougUt at 143 rounds and Con
nolly at 138. During the afternoon Burge
was a strong favorite in the betting, the
odds on him being 2to 1. Goode, Hyanis,
Cook and Howe were in Burge' s corner,
and Kelly, Rose, Brierley and Fiuley
acted as seconds tor Connolly.
The righting was very tierce from the
start. Connolly led in the hitting, start
ing off at a terrible pace, bat was stopped
repeatedly by blows on the faca. After
five rounds, in whicn ttie exchanges were
about even, Burge landed a crushing blow
on Connolly's neck, knocking him down.
The latter, however, was on his feet again
in eight seconds, and Burge was just going
in to finish the fUht when time was called.
Connoily recovered wun marvelous
rapidity irom the effects of the blow which
had come so near knocking him out, and
in the uext round be bad Btlr»;e groggy.
The spectators were wild with excite
ment wnen they saw the iavorite in this
condition.
At the end of the ninth round both men
were weak, but game. In the midalo of
the tenth round ihe management declined
to allow the fight to proceed further, and
the referee then stopped the fight and an
nounced it a draw. *
COVJIS^G A 2 HACBA3IEXIO.
Long Zitt of Entries for Srxt Sunday's
Sleeting,
fcACITAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— The
following list comprises the entries for
Sunday's run at the coursing park in this
city :
Schnllz & Rougnt's Arrah Go On vs. W.
Seitz's Slower and Slower, C. M. Griffith's
Susie vs. Egan & Hanlon's Well and Strong,
Netbercott Brothers' Moonlight vs. Tyler
Brothers' Golden Rule, J. F. Heenen's Harry
S vs. T. Kennedy's Little School Girl,
Ed Walsh's Jasper vs. Tyler Brothers' Flora T,
T. Kennedy's Little Delight vs. Spain & Mc-
Donald's Eureka Girl. Sheehan <fc O^Brien's
Grady vs. J. Stout's Lord LongsUale, I. Wil
liams* Air Ship vs. Sneehan Bros.' Banjo, H. :
Bine's Un'-le Ike vs. Spain & McDonald's
Defender, Pevine & Lipman's Patience vs.
Effan & Haulon's Reception, W. McCurdy's
Belvidere vs. L. McMnhon's Lily of the West,
Nwhercott Brothers' Red Cloud vs. C.
Gailagher's I>uke Orlando, T. Faltrick'g
Yellow Jacket vs. Spain & McDon
ald's Lily V, I. Williams' Alkali Boy vs.
Reguin <fc Barrett's Eflipse, Stephen & Tver's
Old Jack vs. Schnlz & Rough t's Butcher Boy,
T. Faltrick's Combination vs. W. Seitz's White
Flyer, Turf kennel's Ineleside vs. Devlne &
Power's straight lip, Heinrich & Vogel'*
Aneeline vs. J. R. Dickson's Hercules.
Prizes— First $30. second $15. third $10. Ed
Canavan, judge; W. M. O'Neil, slipper.
Santa Cruz'n Win at tournament.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 28.— The lead
ing teams in tlie whist tournament in
progress at the clubrooms of the Native
Sons are:
Team A— Newman and Pringle, 1411 In thir
teen games ; average 108 7-13.
Team R— Whidden and Tough, 1180 in
eleven games; average 107 3-11.
Team O— Vahiberg and Van Wagner, 1282 in
twelve games; average 106 5-6.
Team F— Mattison and Helms, 1599 In fif
teen games; average 106 3-0.
Team G— Towne and Harrington, 1261 in
twelve games; average 105 1-12.
Racing nt Seu> Orleant.
FEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 28.— One mile,
Waldine won, J. Linnette second, Dave Pulsi
fer third. Time, I :4S>.£.
Four furlongs, Percy F won, Lillian Russell
■econd. Floss third. Time, :53.
?ix furiongs, L zzette won, Amber Glintze
second, Sir Joan third. Time, I:9Qs£
Seven furlongs, Bob Clampett won, Renaad
second, Busiup third. Time, 1:35.
Six furlongs, Annie Teuton won. Oldham
secoiid, Mauritius third, lime, I:l9}£.
STOCKTON'S COLORED GUEST.
An Idiotic Youth Charged With Three
Attempts at Train- Wreck ing /s
in Custody.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 28.— There is
now in the County Jail a simpleton col
ored boy, not quite 19 years old, who is
charged with having made three attempts
to wreck a train near the Ripon station.
His name is Thomas Campbell and be
was brought here last nigut by Deputy
Constable Black and Railroad Detectives
W. B. Brissell and C. C. Crowley. They
arrested the young negro late yesterday
afternoon in a river bed near the home of
his grandfather. The detectives had
been working on the case for several
weeks and succeeded in catching Camp
bell without much trouble.
Campbell was seen at the jiil this morn
inc and there admitted having opened a
switch three times, b«it said that he did
not haTe any purpose of wrecking the
train, but ju-t wanted to see it stop. A
man at Bakersneld, from which place
Campbell went to Ripon to live with his
grandfather, to!d him that if he wanted
to see a train stop suddenly to open a
switch.
Once the train was sidetracked and the
other times it was stopped short as soon
as it was learned that it was on the wrong
track. Campbell said that after opening
the switch he wonld wait at the station to
see the fun. He confessed also to the offi
cers, declaring, however, that he had no
criminal intent.
TIRE a.x VAZ.O AZTO.
The Jiiehmond, Vtcned by Mrs. Roberts,
Consumed.
PALO ALTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— The Rich
mond was destroyed by fire this morning.
The house, which was owned by Mrs. Rob
erts, had been rented to Clark '98 and his
sister, two students attending Stanford
University. While attending the morning
recitations the lire broke out. No one
was in the house at the time, but it is sup
posed the fire was caused by a defective
flue. But little of thp furniture was saved.
The loss was about $4000, part of which
was covered by insurance.
The students having charae of the house
lost everything they possessed except their
wearing apparel. It was their intention
to keep student boarders. One was already
roomin-r there and six others expected to
move in on the tirst of tne month.
The tire protection at Palo Alto is entire
ly inadequate for the size of the town. A
small waterpipe and an efficient tire buck
et brigade is the extent of its resources.
SCICIDK Of A. P. CHURCH.
A Well-Known Printer Cut* Bit Throat
at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Gal., Jan. 28. —An
old man named A. P. Church committed
suicide here this afternoon. Church came
in from the Haggin grant, where he had
been working, several days ago, and went
on a spree. This afternoon he went into
a hardware-store, purchased a razor, and,
going out onto a bridge which spans the
alley in the iear of the store, rut his
throat, dying in a few ruinates. Church
had about $90 in his pockets in checks
and casb, and also had a receipt for dues
from San Francisco Typographical Union
No. 21.
A Hank Trnm Man Lvii Obitpo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Jan. 28.—
The directors of the California Mortgage
and Savings Bank of this city have de
cided to have their headquarters at San
Francisco. The institution will be run in
connection with the Swiss-American Bank
recently established in Ban Francisco by
Messrs, Brunner and Tognazzaini, cap
italists of this county. Seven directors of
the Mortgage and Savings Bank reside in
San Francisco.
Viontrr l.aiixj Uirt at -Jithurn. ■**"**
AUBURN, Cal., Jan. 28.— Mrs. M. L.
Grohs, a pioneer resident and the fore
most woman in Placer County fn the
matter of public enterprise, social enter
tainment and charity, died here last night
of cancer of the stomach.
FITZSIMMONS AND CORBETT.
Excursion Trains Will lie Ran if They
Fight in Nevada.
If the Nevada Legislature passes the
prize-fight bill permitting the Corbett-
Fitzsimmons contest to take place in that
State there are indications that there will
be a rush of applications for' hotel accom
modations and seats from California and
all' over the country. Local sports con.
sider 'the prospects excellent for the
passage of the bill. ...:'.:'
The Southern Pacific Railroad will put
on extra trains to accommodate the
crowds. Tnere will be a special excursion
rate of at most one and one-third fares for
the round trip, ana possibly a lower rate.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1597.
SEEKS SAFETY IN
SAN JOSE'S JAIL
A Wanderer Possessed of a
Strong Desire to Kill
Himself.
From the Story He Tells the
O.ficsrs He Has Seen
Better Days.
Left Hcme Many Years Ago to S.e
the World — Now Struig!in»
With Delirium Tremens
SAN JOSE» Cal., Jan. 28.— A man
giving the name of George D. Brandon
called at the police station this morning
and asked to be locked up, as he was
possessed of a desire to commit suicide,
and be was afraid he would harm him
self. He was evidently suffering from a
long debauch. He says he came from San
Francisco yesterday with a firm deter
mination of ending his life. The man was
poorly dressed, but his speech shows he is
well learned, and there are other traces of
refinement. Brandon says that lor 15
years he was in Japan, and for along time
was salesman for Deken it Co., exporters
of curios. He also Ciaims to have done
considerable newspaper work in that
country.
Six months ago he arrived in Tacoma.
At that time he says be bad jewelry of all
kinds and money to burn. He came to
San Francisco about a month ago, where
he spent the la-t of bis money. He is
about 40 years of age. Brandon says he is
the son of George B. Brandon, the well
known pill-manufaciurer of Sing Sine,
N. Y. He frequently goes under the
names of James Williams and Bishop
Williams.
THE SEW ALVISO It AJZ IT AT.
; Construction Work to Begin at Once
and Be Puihed Along.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— con
struction of the Alviso railway will be
commenced shortly, and the work will ba
rushed along so that trains will be run
ning between this city and Alviso dur
ing the summer. Rights of way have
been secured, and the rails, tie- and other
materials are now on the docks at Alviso.
The directors of the railway will be here
next Wednesday and make arrangements
for commencing work.
As soon as the track is laid steamers
will be put on between AFviso and San
Francisco to connect with the trains from
this city, and spveral tnp3 between San
Francisco and this city will be made daily.
It is the intention of the railway people
to construct swimming baths at Alviso
and present other attractions during the
summer to promote travel.
Fi£H£fi'j &VJI FVIt DAMAGES.
Seeks to Beeorer $5000 to Soothe the
Effect* of a Heating.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Fred Asch
man, a farmer residing near Milpitas, has
commenced suit against L. N. Hobbs, pro
prietor of the Milpitas Hotel, for $5000
damages for an an alleged unprovoked as
sault in the latter's bonse on Christmas
day. A couple of weeks ago Aschman
had Hobbs arrested on a charge of bat
tery and the latter pleaded guilty and
paid a rine of $10. The trouble arose over
an investment made by Hobbs at the re
quest of Aschman, in which he lost $500.
The two men met on Christmas day and
Aschman was given a beating.
THE WILCOX HJICIDE.
Coroner's Jury find* a Verdict in Ac-
cordnnen With the Facts.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— An inquest
was held this morning on the remains of
Cnarles F. Wilcox, the attorney, who com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by
taking a large dose of carbolic acid, at the
family residence, on South Sixth street,
by Coroner Secord, but nothing was de
veloped aside from what has already been
published. A verdict of death from car
bolic acid, taken while the deceased was
laboring under a temporary aberration of
the mind, was rendered.
The funeral will take place from St.
Joseph's Church to-morrow morning at
10 o'clock. Interment will bo in Los Gatos
Cemetery. The Santa Ciara County Bar
Association will attend the funeral in a
body.
All, DELIVERY TEBT.
The First Experiment to Be Made at
Campbell on Monday.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— A test of the
free rural mail delivery system will be in*
augurated at Campbell, six miles south
west of here, next Monday. The district
selected for the experiment consists of
about fourteen square miles, and contains
over 1200 houses. One delivery will be
made a day, at wbich time the mail will
also be taken up. Fred Weitzenberg will
have charge of the delivery, and will be
assisted by two carriers.
Campbell is one of three places in the
country selected to test the new delivery
system, and should it prove a success
here it will be inaugurated in all sections
where the population warrants. It was
through the efforts of Congressman Loud
that Santa Clara was selected in whicn to
make the test on this coast.
Day of Prayer Observed.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 28.— The day oi
prayer for colleges was observed to-day
with appropriate exercises at the University
of the Pacific. The afternoon was devoted
to prayer and conference. To-night Presi
dent McClish and Rev. Mr. Hopkins ma le
addresses at services held in College Park
church.
BIG PARK AT SAN DIEGO.
Clubhouses, Observatories, Boulevards and
Landscape Gardening 400 Feet
Above the Ocean.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 23.— The reports
sent out irom this city laet night of a
Vanderbilt project to build a railroad from
Salt Lake to this city and also foreshadow
ing steamship connections are absolutely
without foundation.
As outlined in ihese dispatches Edward
P. Ram bo of San Francisco purchased 120
acres of land at Point Loma for park pur
poses. In connection with C. A. Griscom
Jr. of New York Mr. Kambo has been
here for two weeks in the interest of a
score of New York capitalists, who will
themselves be here February 10 for the pur
pose of laying the cornerstone of a mag
nificent stone clubhouse to be erected on
the tract purchased by Rambo, to cost
$50,000.
The cronnds are to be laid oat in park?,
with boulevards, walks and laniscaj,e
gardens, and observatories, clubhouses
and stabies are to be erected and a race
course constructed. The work of grading
and surveying tUe tract Will begin to-mor
row. Next w«»ek the building of a frame
clvb 1 ouse, 120x200 feet, to cost ?12,000,
will b?gin.
It is intended to 'pend upward of
$ 150,000 in the improvements, making this
one of the finest private parks in America.
Tue land fronts ttie ocean, is 400 feet
above sea level, and is an ideal place as
regards picturescue surroundings. One
mile distant stands an old liehthouse, be
sides which rfie rark commands views of
the ocean, tne bay, mountains and fifty
milosof country inland.
Local contractors and architects have
the plans and contracts in hand.
Messrs. Rambo and Griscom left on
Monday for San Francisco. From that
city the latter expects to go to New York
to meet the members of the tarty who.
as expiaine'd above, are to reacn here next
month.
It was stated this afternoon that all
connected with the project are Free
masons of prominence, but it is not
thought the order is officially interested.
STANFORD BASEBALL NOTES.
Class Teams Elect Their Respective Cap-
tarns— Engineering Clubs to Arrange
a Match.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
28. — At the last meeting of the student
body athletic committee a vote of thanks
was tendered th 1 University Club of San
Francisco for their interest in the local
affairs of the two universities. The latest
indication of their kindly feeling was the
presentation of a silver cup for intercol
legiate competition. The baseball team
whicn wins the championship for two
successive years will be given the cup aa a
souvenir of the evant.
Witb the exception of the freshman
class the baseball men have elecied ttieir
respective captains for the coming season.
Tne seniors chose H. Hazzard, a well
known baseball enthusiast, although he
has never been an aspirant for Varsity
honors.
A. S. Jeffs will captain the junior team.
He has played on the Varsity baseball as
well as on the football team every year
since his entrance t.> the university.
Louis Freeman, the tennis champion,
wi 1 marshal t;.e sophomore team.
It is thought that the juniors and fresh
men will put out the strongest nines this
year.
A baseba'l game will probably be ar
ranged between th# civil and either the
mechanical or electrical engineers this
year. At the last meeting of t.e Civil
engineers club A. H. Toll was elected
baseball captain. He was instructed to
challenge the other two engineering clubs.
IMPORTANT LAND DECISION.
A Timber Patent on the Parry Mining
Properly Obtained by False
Representations.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 23.— One of the most
important land cases that has been tried
in the Superior Court for years was yes
terday decided by Ju^dge John Gray, after
a nine days' legal battle between the
parties to the action — M. L. Merry and
George Parry, plaintiffs, and Lincoln
Brodt, defendant — in an action to quiet
title to the property known as the Parry
mine. The plaintiffs have been working
the ground lor a number of years, hold
ing it by virtue of location and by deed
from locarors and having expended the
sum of $22,000 for machinery and labor.
Upon applying for a patent the plaintiffs
were surprised to find that the defendant
had received a timber patent to the said
land, whereupon they brought the action
to quiet title.
Judge Gray decided in favor of the
plaintiffs, adjudging that the defendant
he.d the real estate subject to said action
as trustee for plaintiffs and that he be re
quired within ten days after the decree is
entered by pood and valid deed to con
vey to plaintiffs all bis interest in and to
said property subject to said action.
Colonel Park Henshaw and Richard
White were attorneys for the plaintiffs.
Tiiis case has occasioned much interest in
mining circles all over the State, as the
defendant has been indicted by the Fed
eral Grand Jury for swearing falsely to
obtain the timber patent.
SJX DIEGO AS A TERMIXUS.
One 2nd of the. Pacific Cable mil Be
Located Here.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 28.— 1t was
given out this afternoon that Edward
Ram'oo, and U. A. Griscom of New York,
who purchased 120 acres of land in Point
Loma last week and left here Monday,
were advance representatives of the
Pacific (able Company of New York,
which proposes to lay a cable from San
Diego to Yokohama via Honolulu. Plans
are now in the architect's bands here,
for the erection of a big stone building on
the point, to be used as the American
terminus of the cable.
Surveyors went over the Point to-day.
The site selected commands a erand view
of the mountains and ocean. The hydro
graphic survey made four years ago shows
that the land falls away very rapidly from
the shore leaving little surf and no cur
rents. A private wire to-day says that
Gnscom has gone to Honolulu to secure
land there lor a cable station. A subsidy
proposition is now before Congress. Full
particulars will be known in a few days.
THE BLIGHTING CIGARKITK.
Interesting Developments in Santa
l!oi<i's Hiffh Ac/tool.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 28.— A very
strong argument against the use of
cigarettes was brought to light in the
Santa Rosa High School to-day. Pro
fessor Coz, while engaged in marking the
standings of the young men in his de
partment, found that those who indulged
in cigarettes did not stand well in their
classes. It is the custom to mark those
who average well with a capital "E,"
which signifies excellence, and a careful
canvass of the cigarette-smokers of the
entire school reveals the astounding fact
that not one of the tobacco-users has the
"E" after his name. As the boys of the
High School are familiar with tie stand
ing of each of their fellows, as well as
their habits in the pmoking line, the
moral will be easily drawn and a falling
off in trade may be looked for by the
tobacco- venders of this city.
BAN It At? AIS L ARBEHT.
Inung John Arllly Held for Attempted
Highway Jlobbert/. .
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 28.— A second
man believed to have been one of A. B.
Thomson's assailants, in the attempt
made to rob him on election night, was
arrested by Officer Mahar to-day. He
is a resident here, a young man named
John Reilly. The officer Is confident
that he has sufficient proof to prove the
serious charge. Reilly was taken before
Justice Gardner, who fixed his bail at
$4000, and set the preliminary examina
tion for to-morrow. Reilly strenuously
denies his guilt, and his friends think be
is innocent.
Pioneer Fulton Diet at Santa Ronn.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 28.— Thomas
Fulton, who helped to lay out the town
in tbi3 county bearing his name, died to
day, iir. Fulton was a pioneer in this
State, having crossed the plains with an
ox team in 1849 from Lawerence County,
Indiana. He arrived in this county in
1855 and resided here continuously evex
since. He bad reached the goodly age of
72 and was never married.
Death While Coattinrf at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 28.— Alfred
Boegli, an Italian gunsmith, 20 years old,
while coasting on Beacon Hill dashed
against a post and was killed outright
TO COMB A COJLI> IX ONE DAY. ,
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet!. All drug
gists refund the money U it, faila to our* - i!Jc
BOYCE CONVICTED
AT REDWOOD CITY
The Old Convict Guilty of
Burglary in the First
Degree.
Sensational Evidence of Two of
His Accomplices in the
Dastardly Crime.
Murder Wcu'd Have Been Committed
but for the InterTrence of
One (f Them.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 28.— After
a trial lasting two days, a jury late' yes
terday afternoon rendered a verdict of
guilty of burglary in the first degree
against Asa 0. Boyce. Daring the prog
ress of the trial evidence was produced
which showed that the crime committed
was one of the most ourageous and
despicable ever committed in this county.
Though the crime for which the defendant
was tried was technically that of burglary,
yet the testimony showed it to be one of
burgiary, arson, and, but for th 6 inter
ference of one of the parties implicated,
one that might have be n murder.
Three parties were implicated in the
commission of the deed, cne of whom
turned State's evidence and the other
pleaded guilty. Both of the latter took
the stand against the defendant and
minutely described every step in the dia
bolical plot. Boyce, who is 64 years of
age and who has served one term in San
Quentin, lives in the mountainous Alpine
District in this county, where he has a
homestead claim on 160 acres of Govern
ment land. His neighbors are few and
far between, one of whom is Frank
Shumet, an old Frenchman, who has a
claim which immediately adjoins his own.
Another of his neighbor! is one JBaptista
Bordi.
On the 18th day of December, 1896, Shu
met was living alone in the Bordi house,
an eigut-room cottage. "What occurred on
that night appeared in evidence on the
trial and is best told by these two Doys,
by name Green and Tann, who were im
plicated in the crime. Tann, who had
worked with defendant about three years
ago on the latter' s place, and Green came
from Boulder Creek on the 18th of Decem
ber last to the cabin of defendant, where
they arrived about 8 o'clock in the morn
in •• Tann was greeted by the old man
with a "Hello, I thought you were hune
long ago." He asked the boys if they
were looking for work and told them that
if they were he nad a job for them. The
job referred to was the cornmi-sion of this
offense for which probably all three will
spend some time in durance vile.
"Durine the day their plans wera dis
cussed and firearms cleaned and loaded
for the work they proposed to do that
night. "What those plans wera is best told
by what actually took place as testified to
by the boys. Between 7 and 8 o'clock,
they testified, the three left the house and
started for the Bordi bouse, in which
Shemet was living, distant about a mile
and naif, and where they arrived between
9 and 10 o'clock. Tann, who had black
• ned his face in order to conceal hte iden
tity, went to the door of the cottage and
knocked, while Boyceand Green concealed
themselves within sight of the door, the
former Laving a shotgun loaded with
slugs.
Shumet, who was in bed, responded to
the knock, and as soon as be opened the
door was confronted with a loaded re
volver and told to throw op his hands,
which he did without further urging. He
asked what was wanted and said he did
not have much, but if money or plunder
was what was desired they were welcome
to what he had. To this Tann replied
that he was not after money, but that he
was going to burn up the house. Tann
then made the old man come out and
called Green ana told him to get a rope
and tie the old man's bands behind him.
After doing so and blindfolding him they
led him to a well close by, where he was
made to lie down. Tann then said to
him: "You . I am going to kill you
and throw you in this well. Do you want
to pray?"
To this Green obiected and perhaps
saved the old man's life. Boyce and
Green then went into the house and
stripped it of almost everything portable,
while Tann led the Frenchman away
about 200 yards, where he tied him to a
tree. After ransacking the house it was
s»t on fire. They tbon returned to where
tne old man was and removed the blind,
inviting him to enjoy tha fire. Before
leaving it was suggested that they tie a
rope around the old man's neck just tight
enough to strangle him by slow degrees,
but here the better instincts of one of the
trio prevailed and they merely tied him as
tbpv supposed secarelv and left him.
He remained in this position some two
hours, when he finally worked tne ropes
on his arms loose and liberated himself.
baturday morning he notified the officers
by telephone of what had taken place, and
accused these three parties of the acts.
On the following Wednesday the Sheriff
visited the Boyce cabin and made & thor
ough search for the stolen goods, but none
were found. Green and Tann were on
that day arrested. On Friday the officers
again visited the place and found Boyce
at home alone. They again made seaicb
and found in and about the cabin and
brush immediately surrounding the same
many articles taken from Shumet, all of
which he positively Identified as his own.
Informations were filed against all
three, and the result of the trial of Boyce
has already been seen. Another and sep
arate charge, that of arson, still remains
to be disposed of, but it is thought that on
account of the conviction on the burglary
charge, and considering the aga of the old
man, It will not be pressed. He will
be sentenced to-morrow.
BIGAMIST SMITH CAPTURED.
Found by Constable Grots of Pacific
Grove Living Quit* Happily With
Witt No. 2.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal. Jan. 28 -Word
was received bare to-nl^ht that Constable
E. B. Gross bad captured E. M HniUh,
the man wanted in tills city for (inserting
his wife. They will .arrive 10-morruw
from Los Angeles, where Gross and Sheriff
Landell captured Smith.
Ti.e story of Smith's desertion was not
known to bis first wife until her visit to
this city some few months a^o. She then
learned that Smith bad been here and
brought with him Mrs. Smith No. 2. The
friends of the first Mrs. Smith when the
second lady arrived supposed that be had
been divorced. Smith and his first wife
lived in this city a few years ago, but, un
fortunately, hbe : became . infatuated with
another woman and the two eloped to the
south, going overland in a bupgy. They
purchased a small ranch near Santa Ana
and . went to housekeeping on a small
scale, where tb«y have lived ever since.
The pair were soon located and Con
stable Gross went down south Tuesday
morning and, together with Deputy Sher
iff Landell, proceeded out to the Smith
ranch, and wktu they arrived there they
found S^ith plowing in the field. They
soon tcia him what was wanted, bat he
flatly der.*ed the cbarce, claiming he was
innocent. Wben the bluff would not
work be a=Ved the officers two days in
which to wind up his business affairs,
but he could not be allowed this time
and is now 03 his way to this city to an
swer to the charge of adultery. Mrs.
Smith No. 2. remains on the ranch.
When the tali facts in this case can be
brouant to lisht it will undoubtedly be out
of the ordintrj iine of scandals, as all
parties are of piominence and the parti
cipants' history i« interesting.
LOS ANGELES DAMAGE SUIT.
An Odd Case in Which the Pullman Com
pany Is Sued for the Value of
Stolen Clothing.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 28.— The trial
of the damage suit of Caanes E. Anthony
vs. The Pullman Palace Car Company was
begun this morning b9foia Superior Judge
Allen and a jury.
The case is quite an odd one, and, al
though the damages asked for are only
$275, there are a goal many nice points
involved, and the company is resisting
the suit with great energy.
The circumstances of the case were that
on the night of November 13. 13!>4, tha
plaintiff and his son were passengers in a,
Pullman car of tue Southern Caiiiornia
Railroad Company.
During the night in question the cloth
ing of the son was stolen whiie he vas
asleep, so that when he reached Los Aa
geles, in the language of the complaint,
"the said son was wnollv w thout c.othinsr
and practically naked" and the lather
was "compelled to take his said son out of
the said car without sufficient clothing to
present a d9cent, reputable appearance,
and with insufficient clothing to protect
him from the inclemency of the season."
It is alleged that the boy was injured by
the exposure and was put to shame, con
tumely and reproach, the amount ot dam
age bein* estimatt-d at $200. This, with
the value <«f tne clothing stolen, makes the
amount $^73 for which judgment is asked.
EKIS'S AO-Y3 t- V ' JHE J-'AIIt.
Turn Out in Force and Hay« a Goo<t
Time Ortievilty.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 28.— The
doors of the Home- product Fair were
opened this afternoon to Erin's sons, but
tfae real lun commenced at 8 o'clock this
evening, when the descendants of St. Pat
rick turned out in force to attend the fair
and haye a good time generally.
An excellent programme was arranged,
consistine of old Scotch and Irish med
leys, recitations, songs and stories, includ
ing Scunlan's great poem, "An Address to
the Irishmen of America," by James M.
Ward, by permission of A. Y. Pearson of
the Burbank Theater.
Wherever two or three sons of Ireland
are congregated there may be found wit
and good nature. The music by the band
this afternoon was appropriate to the occa
sion. It was full of the sentiment of
"There are noble souls in Ireland where
the grass grows green." The opening
programme commenced with an address
by D. M. McGarry, chairman of the
evening.
Miss Bcanlon sang "Kathleen Mavour
neen" and M. J. McGarry recited "Robert
Emmet's Address." Miss McCabe sang
"Rosy, Dar ing," followed by a cornet
solo, "Come Back to Erin," by Allan Han
cock, after wnich came a solo by Eugene
Rotn. entitled "Astbore."
To-morrow will be excursion day, when
a large attendance is expected on account
of the reduced rates made by the railroads
and tne number of strani-er^ now in town.
Several tableaus will be presented in the
evening scenes taken from the late war.
RAyDSBVBG DUCILIS SHOCKED.
Joung l.rrfdy Said to Hare Sloped With
thti Bflle of thi Camp.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 23.—Rands
burg society is said to be greatly shocked.
Society ia that lively mining camp is ex
clusive and intensely sensitive, and when
social etiquette is disregarded by a mem
ber of tlie smart S9t there is the greatest
commotion. An event has occurred that
has created a sensation not only in upper
circles, but all along the line,
It is said that Edwara Reddy, young,
gifted, handsome and a great beau, has
eloped with a Mrs. Everett, the belle of
Randsburg. That's why Randsburg so
ciety is all torn np. It is further reported
t£at the couple had between them several
thousand dollars. The woman in the case,
it is said, is the wife of a miner, and the
couple had lived together comparatively
happy until handsome young Reddy ap
peared, and then the husband appeared
in the wife's eyes very plain, uncouth and
ignorant.
But society is often hasty and it i« just
possible that Mr. Keddy's and Mrs. Ever
ett's disappearance are not equivalent to
an elopement by any manner of means.
Young Reddy is a nephew of Hon. Pat
rick Reday, the well-known San Francisco
attorney.
THE VSEMI'LOI EU I'ROULEM.
Park Cotntnitftioners Sitggett a Method
of Relieving Distress.
LOS ANGELES, Gas., Jan. 28.— The
problem of dealing with a small army of
idle, hungry men here has begun to as
sume grave proportions. The local news
papers have been for several days discuss
ing the question of making provision for
their employment. As a result of this
agitation the Park Commissioners to-day
passed the following resolution unani
mously :
Resolved, That we request the honorable
City Council to instruct the City Engineer, in
conjunction with this board, to select and lay
out <>na of the three or more boulevards to
Griffith Park offered by the property-owners
(free right of way to be donated) to the city;
also request said honorable Council to devise
some means wnereby employment may be
given to worthy citizens— heads of families
preferred— upon the construction of said work,
under competeut authority. Said means may
be partly raised by donations from wealthy
public- spirited citizens and by such appropri
ation of the public funds as the honorable
Council may determine.
Parkhur*t» and Saloottitti Comprotnlat.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 28.— The
Parkhurst Society had a conference with
the saioon-keeper-i this afternoon and a
compromise was effected whereby the lat
ter agreo to assist in remedying defects in
the lawn licensing saloons. This will cause
tho aociHty to ntop proceedings in 300 cases
for violations in the saloon laws and will
uiui tin: bitter contest.
.-iiii/ »•<•«< to < itrut- Fruit Men.
LOH IHQSLSS, Cal, Jan. 28.— The
California en mi-growers' committee to
day in»ne<l nu address to all citrus-fruit
mm of the Htato, asking contributions of
|0 r.iuiß an at ro and a third of a cent per
hnk on ail ttiiur fnut this season tv pay
ii.o »i|>ohaa» ol a committee to go to
Washington tO secure «n increased tariff.
< ..mi. i... i oti »/»« Northern Paeiflr.
BI OKANIS, Wash., Jan. 23.— A head
en.i collision occurred between Northern
I'm ill. overland passenger trains No*. 1
ami i! ut Lake Siding, a 100 miles west of
Spokane this morning, wuich miracu
lously was not attended with lost of life.
Fireman -.Murphy in jumping sustained
perhaps fatal injuries. Both engines were
completely wrecked and mailcars of both
trains telescoped with engines. The ro
sponsibilitv of the accident lies with
Engineer Gates., who failed to slow up at
a aiding.
tki*h (>f:i</m«ii l?>if f .
UKIAH,CAt,.,.Tiin. -JS. -X.v. O.W. Their*
of Crescent City and Miss Mabel White
of Ukiah wer« married at the home «i
tho bride's parents in this city this morn
ing. The groom ll OR* ot..iii« most elo
quent young divines in tlie Stale and th«
bride is too dnutih.sr of W.D. White «
capitalist «uU guy trustee vi I'kiftU. '
WEAVING A WEB
ABOUT SANDERS
Cellmate of the Professor
Gives Very Damaging
Testimony.
Plots to Secure Two Witnesses
Who Would Give Fabricated
Evidence.
A Maa Who S w Wootton Drivj
Away From H s Ranch With
the D.findant
FRESNO, Gal., Jan. 25.-To-day was a
bad day for Professor W. A. Senders In h:s
trial Defore a jury in Jurtge Webb s court
for forging William Wootton's name.
Some very damaging testimony was intro
duced against him.
Robert Anderson, who had been a cell
mate of the defendant, testified regarding
tie alleged attempt Professor Sanders ha I
made to get hira to find two witnesses to
give fabiicated test mony. The defense
succeeded in proving the unenviable char
acter of the witness, but tne fabricated
which was written by Sanders for the two
testimony witnesses to make affidavit to
was introduced and corroborated Ander
son's testimony. The handwriting in this
case is unquestionably that of Sanders.
The other witness examined during the
day wa« Cirarle" Rohloff, who was work
ing at Wootton's rancb when he dis
appeared. Rohloff saw the aged rancher
drive away from hi 3 home with the de
fendant, since which no trace of Wootton
has ever been found. The witness' testi
mony pointed seriously to tha guilt of
ganders.
The attorneys were more careful yester
day to have the witnesses speak loud so
that their answers could be beard by J. M.
Rose, the juror who is partially deaf.
A. R. Anderson testified that he is at
present living in Los Angeles. While he
was confined in the County Jail here, pend
ing his trial for stabbing a man at Kings
burg, he had been a cellmate of Professor
Sanders. Th«y had several conversations
regarding his (Sanders') cas«", the profes
sor having broached the subject first.
The witness had offered the defendant no
inducements to get him to make any state
ments.
Anderson said that the defendant
wanted him to get two witnesses to testify
for him. Sanders wrote out some papers —
statements the two witnesses were to
make. The witness was to take these and
go to Los Angeles and employ two men
who would swear to them. Whatever
Anderson should agree io pay these two
men would be satisfactory to Sanders, who
was to bear all cost and expanses. The
amount it was estimated, would range
from $500 to $1000.
District Attorney Snow then read the
statements which Smders bad intended
for fabricated testimony. The witnesses
were to swear in substance that they had
seen "Wootton in Los Angeles and also at
the Midwinter Fair in San Francisco after
he disappeared from his ranch. At both
piac s he was accompaa e<%bv 'he "myth
ical" John Knanscri and R. L. Graves.
nHHSifirflßMifflnr.
mHERE ARE MANY MEN WHO
-*- now and then suffer from nervous
twitching of the eye and other parts.
When the facial nerves twitch there is
certain to be an irritation at their centers
in the brain. These facial nerves origi-
nate in the brain and end in the muscles
of the face. It is then true that these
twitchings show a decline of the nerve
force of man. This decline will give . a
lack of nerve life, and may develop into
nervous debility and then into nervous
prostration. The nerves of a man are
delicate and he should indeed be very
careful not to harass. them, not to abuse
them, not to gnarl or knot them. It is
those who subject the nerves to these fear-
ful strains that bring on nervous debility
and melancholia. American men live'
rapid lives; they do everything overmuch.
They rob the body of blood 'in their ex-
cesses and their indulgences. They are
never content to live in moderation, and
the result is, and it is a pity, too, pre-
maturity. Prematurity shows decay, and
decay means, of course, decline of power.
When you are in this condition the abso-
lute cure is the great "HUDYAN" cure.
"HUDYAN" cures nervous debility, ner-
vous prostration, melancholia and sper-
matorrhoea. If you are suffering consult
the physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute. If you cannot come to their fif-
teen offices write far circulars and testi-
monials.
BLOOD POISON.
It is certainly not known to the laity,
though it is true, that blood poison In its first,
secondary and tertiary state, it not properly
enrotf, will bo carried down from father to
son. After three or four generations blood
poison ends la scrofula, malignant cancers,
etc. You have a body to protect, young man,
and you owe it to yourself and to your chil-
dren to bo ■permanently and skillfully cured of
blood poison. If you are suffering from blood
poison, if you notice failing hair, glandular
lumps ou the tongue, lumps on the back of the
neck, »ore throat, copper-colored spots on th«
body, consult the great doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute about their thirty-day cure.
The. thirty-day our* is certain: the thirty-aay
euro It positive. ■If you are not cured *in the
lime the doctors specify you will be treated
with th« thirty-day cure free from that time
onward until cured. Write for thirty-day
cur* circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. .
Consult th« Hudson Doctors Free.
: Consult the Hudson Doctor* Free. .
Commit the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free*QUONG HING FLED
FOR HIS LIFE
Plot to Murder an Influ
ential Chinese in
Sacramento.
Quong Chick, Manager of the
Sam Yup Theater, in
Danger.
"Little Pete's" Widow Now Offers
$2000 fcr the Punishment of
His Assassins
It has just come to light that simul
taneously with the murder ol "LiitJe
Pete" in this City an attempt was made
to murder another influential Chinese in
Sacramento, and that community was
spared the unwelcome sensation attend
ing a foul assassination only by the vigi
lance of certain friends of the man marked
for death in tec capital of the State.
The day before Pete's temerity caused
his dealb six as desperate highbinders as
Chinatown can boast of took the train for
Sacramento. Their mission was to mur
der Quong Hing, the former interpreter of
the Sam Yups, and there exists little
doubt that the deed would have bean con
summated had it not been for the fact
that spies here learned of the intended
crime and immediately wired 'ling of his
danger.
As soon as the latter received the start
ling news he leit his mercantile business
in charge of subordinates and went into
biding until the day before yesterday. In
the meantime the natchetmen arrived
and at various times were seen about
those places where the man marked for
slaughter was most likely to be found.
On the day before yesterday Quong
rime quietly boarded the train for San
Francisco, wnere he would be surrounded
by friends and in comparatively small
danger of losinz his life so long as he ob
served ordinary precaution. The high
binders were apprised of h.s arrival here
and have since returned.
Quong H;ck, the manager of the Sam
Yup theater, on Jcckson street, is another
person whose life is in constant danger.
The success of that institution, it is said,
i? largely owing to his bu-iness enterprise
:un<! sagacity, and in order to give the rival
See Yup house, lately opened on Wash
ington street, a better chance to thrive he
bas been placed on the death-list.
Bo'.h Quong Hing and Quong Chick are
frequently seen on t:;e street together;
but they are always accompanied by a
Caucasian guard. White guards have a
"snap" in the Chinese quarter nowadays.
The conspiracy to murder Hing in Sac
ramento shows one thing pretty conclu
sively — that sooner or later "Little Pete"
would have been murdered even if his
White guard were atong. The idea in
killing liing was to keep him from re
turning to this city and filing the office of
interpreter to the Sam Yups, whio would
be left vacant by Pete's death. The
Chinese say the sum on Quong Hing's
and Quong Chick's head is $1000 each.
WIDOW SEEKS REVENGE.
Chun LI Offers $2000 Reward for
Her Husband's Murderer,
Although a pagan woman, born in a
paga.n empire and surrounded by pagan
influences, revenge is as sweet to the
widow of the murdered "Little Pete" as it
is to tbe bluest blooded aristocrat that
treads the earth. She seeks vengeance for
her husband's d6ath and is willing to part
with a portion of the gold he hoarded
and left her, when the highbinder's bullet
cut' short his life.
Such, at least, is the deduction drawn
from the following notice, copies of which
were circulated ahout Chinatown yester
day afternoon:
NOTICE.
A reward of $2000 Is hereby offered for the
conviction of the murderers of Fong Ching,
otherwise known as Little Pete, who was mur
dered in this City on Jan vary 23, 1897.
Chun Li, Widow of Fong Chiug.
Many a Sam Ynp face lit up when he
read tne placard, knowing that gold
would tempt the most vicious hatchet
man to betray his companion if he knew
ihat he could do so and escape assassina
tion. The See Yups, however — those who
hold the slayer of "Little Pete" in the
light of a hero — scowled ominously when
they read tbe posters, showing too plainly
that their sympathies are with the mur
derer, not the murdered. Several of the
reward notices were posted, but tbe See
Yups refrained from committing any
ovurt act and the notices remained
during daylight undisturbed. Under the
cover of night, however, several of them
■were torn down, but not under the eyes
of the police.
SMASHING OF THE JARS.
Serjeant Price's Hatchet Brigade
V on the Warpath.
' . .Sergeant Price, "the American terror,"
and his squad, "dressed pay as peacocks,"
moved through the highbinder dens of
Chinatown with ax and sledge yesterday
afternoon. When he was tbroueh with
his march where gay decorations and
handsome paraphernalia once gladdened
the hearts of the Mongolians nothing re
mained but unsightly traces of demolition
and chaotic desolation.
Early in the morning the sergeant se
lected six men and went with them to the
Gibson House on Jackson street, between
Dupont and Kearny. The ghosts of many
a Chinese victim have stalked through the
dark hallways and slept in the dingy
rooms of this building, and the police
wanted to meet them. On the upper floor
of the building is located the meeting
room of the Suey Sing Tong. In this
room the squad of destruction found half
& dozen Mongolians all more or less under
the influence of opium.
A short search brought to light several
pieces of lead pipe and an assortment of
wicked-looking knives. These were
promptly confiscated and the squad pro
ceeded to its work of demolition.
Axes and hammers splintered, chopped
and smashed, and in a few moments the
once gaudy room could not claim a stick
upon a stick. The Chinamen were al
i lowed to remain and watch.
I A small dark room on the second floor
* o' 822 Clay street, the homn of ;wo wild
»t>yed hatcuet men, next received its share
of police attention. It was wrecked be
yond repair, and a red-eyed joss that had
faithfully guarded the room for many
years was dismembered. Its skull was
cracked and it was tossed without fear of
vil into the heap of wreckage. This epi
sode finished the day's work of demoli
tion.
BITUMEN ON LOMBARD.
The Street to Be Boulevarded— Other
Street Work Recommended for
Performance.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to recom
mend the paving of Lombard street with
bitumen. The street will be boulevarded
from Van Ness avenue to the Presidio.
The committee also decided to recom
mend that the Market- street Railway
Company shall be aivev a franchise to ex
tend its tracks along Masonic avenue
from Oak to Page street and along Fred
erick from Clayton to Carl. The Carnival
Committee was given the exclusive privi
lege to maintain grand stands on Van
Ness avenue and Market street during the
carnival season. It was dectded to report
in favor of sewers in Florida and Bryant
streets, Preciia avenue and Valencia
street, as petitioned for; also in favor of
street work as follows:
Grading of Filbert, between Broderick and
Baker, and Broderick, between Union and Fil
bert; paving of Filbert, between Steiiier and
Pierce with bitumen: paving of Fi.'bert, from
Polk to Van Ness, with" basalt; paving of Fil
uert, between Van Ness and Franklin, with
bitumen; s'one sidewalks on the corners of
Mason and Union; on Fiilmore, between but
ter and Bush; on Post, between Scott and De
visadero; on Bush, between Webster aud Fill
more, and on Ninth, between Market and
Mission; also recommending thai the follow
ing proposed work be passed to an order:
Plank sidewalk on Cortland avenue, be
tween Mission and Andover; grading of
BroJerick, between Green and Union, and
from Filbert to Greenwich; also, requesting
that the clerk be directed to readvertiso for
proposals for stone sidewalks on the crossing
ot Fiilmore and California; also, requesting
the omission of further proceedings in the
matter of paving with bitumen Central ave
nue from Hayes to Fell; also, requesting that
proposals be readvertised for tne following
work: Storm- water iniets at the corners of P
street south and Twelfth avenue, at P and
Thirteenth avenue, at P and Fourteenth and
at the intersections of N anil Fourteenth,
Twelftn and Thirteenth avenues.
HE CARRIED A SLUNGSHOT
A Nevipaper * hlef Who Was Allowed
to Go free by Judge
Joachimsen.
George Dunn is under arrest on two
charges, one of petty larceny and another
of carrying a concealed weapon.
The arrest is one of the beneficial results
of the instructions given out a couple of
days ago by Captain Wittman to his men.
He called their attention to the fact that
Chief Crowley was in daily receipt of com
plaints innumerable, to the effect that
petty thieves abound in the Western
Division; that they stole all thing'with
in easy access and especially the morning
papers thrown at the door-* of subscribers.
Dunn was captured on Fell street by
Officers Hostetter and S. Bonner. Judge
Joauhimsen took it upon nirnself to allow
him to go from jail on his own recog
nizance, and shortly after that the officers
found that the man carried a murderous
s ungshot such as is used by footpads.
This caused them to place the second
charge against him, that of carrying a
concealed weapon.
George Loomis, an individual taken into
custody at the same time as Dunn, has
been held a prisoner in the tanks that his
past record may be investigated.
SWAN HILDA'S SAILING TIME
Now Out Sixty-Sx Days, but Not
Yet Overdue.
Sixty-six days to-day since the Swan
hilda left Newcastle, and still no sail in
sight to indicate the coming of Butler, the
Australian murderer. This does not nec
essarily mean an unusual delay, as the
average passage is nearer seventy than
sixty days.
The fastest sailing trip on record from
Newcastle to San Francisco is forty-four
days, made by ttie English bark Win
hover. The longest passage is 126 days
and was made by the En.-lish ship Lord
Canning. It once took the Am ncau
bark J. D. Peters 1:24 days to make the pas
sage and tne English ship Hahneman
was out 115 days before she came into this
port.
The Swanhilda is a fine, long, four
inast bark, and on her last trip from New
castle came up in fifty-eight days. It is
known, however, lhat the Swanhilda is
now very foul with grass and barnacles.
This condition makes a very considerable
difference in her speed. On her recent
passage from Cane Town, South Africa,
she was fifty days in sailing the course
usually covered in thirty-five or forty.
The bottom had become foul after a thrte
months' stay at Cape Town, and it has
not been scraped since.
The brisk southeast winrt that has been
blowing ior several days off the coast may
be expected to bring the Swauhilda into
port any time now, if she be reasonably
near here. But for all that has been seen
by any of the ships that have arrived
already the Swanhiida may be very far
away, the victim of contrary winds or of
calms.
MISSING PEOPLE.
Police Searching for John McCluskey,
a Boy, and Henry Stiles.
The police are endeavoring to find John
McClusKey, a boy 13 years of age. He was
employed at .Raphael's, but last week left
there to work at the news stand in the
Palace Hotel. He did not return home
last Friday night, and since then nothing
John McGuskey, Who Is Missing,
has been heard of him. His mother, Mrs.
Ford, 431 Linden avenue, is grief-stricken
over his unaccountable absence.
Henry Stiles is also reported missine.
He lived at 1223 Golden Gate avenue, and
on Saturday, January 16, lie received $100
from his parents, who live in Albion, Or
leans County, N. Y. Since then he has
not been seen. He Is about 40 years of
age, 5 feet 10 inches tall, has red hair and
is clean shaven.
Benevolent Mexican Ladies.
The following- named officers of the Mexican
Lapps' Benevolent Society have been elected for
the current term. They will b" installed iv public
in Druids' Hall to-morrow night: Mrs. I* Z de
Oosch, president: Mrs-CaWota Uavolaa. vicv-presi
aent: Miss Maria Villa, financial secretary; Mr*.
U. a. de Romo, recording secretary: iMrs. C. de
Ybarra, treasurer : » ieosas Winters, Inez de Mer
cer. Felipa .Hernandez and C. de Sisneiw, di
rectors.
A Pickpocket Held
Charles Williams stole a purse containing
$11 from Dilton Wheeler of 514 Pine Btreet on
Janunry 26 and was arrested for
larceny. Yesterday Judge Low held him to
answer before the Supeiior Court in $1000
bonds.
Fob business men or country merchants
the Kuss House is the best place in S. F.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
The American Ship William F. Eabcock Making Port in the Fog Yesterday. At First a Square
Rigger Was Reported, and Immediately Everybody Was on the Qai Vive, Thinking It
Might Be the Swanhilda.
THREE SWEEPERS
LOST THEIR HEADS
Trouble Among Employes
of the Harbor Com
mission.
They Were Too Focd of Whisky
and They Also Did Not
Like Work.
Another Scare Was Dissipited When
the Bdbcock and Not the
Swanhilda Got la.
There was another Swanhilda scare on
the front yesterday. It was very bHzy
outside, and the lookout at Point Lobos
could not make out the vessels in sight.
A "square rigger" was reported and in a
moment everybody was on the gui vive.
The detectives got ready and Sergeant
Bunner had the police boat swung out and
all were ready for active service. After a
couple of hours of delay the vessel was
finally made out to be the William F.
iJabcock from New York. The run was
made in the good time of 138 days. Heavy
weather was encountered off Cape Horn,
but the passage from fifty to fifty was
nevertheless accomplished in twelve days.
Off the Pacific Coast heavy westerly gales
were experienced and the pilot had con
siderable trouble in getting aboard. Can
tain Graham of the Babcock and Captain
Freeman, who brought the vessel in, both
say that very heavy weather prevails out
side. It is a fair wind for the Swanhilda,
however, and the pilots who go out in the
Bonita to-night are confident of capturing
the prize. Captain Graham of the Babcock
is one of the best known and best liked
masters that comes to San Francisco.
The following information has just been
received from the Hydrograpbic Office at
Washington, D. C:
Along the south side of that portion of the
ocean east oi the Hawaiian Islands the trade
winds may be expected to blow with a de
cided northerly slant, while to the westward
of them the trades may be expected to be gen
erally eHSterly or east-northeasterly. During
February the belt of calms and variables be
tween the trades may be expected to be nar
row — so narrow in some places that a vessel
may pass from one trade wind into the other
without any perceptible break.
Typhoons are unusual during February.
The northeast monsoon on the coast of China
blows s.eadily during this month.
Occasional fog will be found along the
American coast. W. S. Htjouks,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge of Branch Hy
drographic Office.
Ti.e schooner H. C. Wahlberg has
changed hands again. She is now the
property of a party of scientists who will
make a cruise in her along the Mexican
coast and in the Gulf of California. Pro
feßsor Anthony of Oakjand will oe at the
head of the expedition and Henry B.
Kneding will form one of the party. The
Wahlberg is now being fitted out in Oak
land and will be ready to sail on her long
cruse in a few days.
W. Thompson, or. as he is known from
one end of ibe water front to the other,
"British Bill," is prostrated with grief
and yet he is the envy of th? entire neigh
borhood. His wife is slowly but surely
dying and that is what is causing him
sorrow "because." said Bill yeaterday,
"she was the best wife a man ever had.
Hundreds of times when I have gone off
on a spree she would brace me up and
bring me around into working shape
again."
What excites the envy of the neighbor
hood is the fact that during the thirty-six
years Mrs. Thompson has been in" tne
sailor boarding-house business with her
husband she has amassed a fortunes of
about $25,000 unknown to him. "The
only person who knew anything about it
was Mrs. Lane (the wife of another board
ing-master)," said Thompson. "My wife
told her some time ago that she had been
saving up money since IS6I and that she
hoped she would die first so that I could
have the use of it after she was cone."
Some months ago Thompson joined the
Salvation Army, and a short time ago was
promoted to be a sergeant. Knowing that
she was dying, she informed her husband
of the little nestegg she had been saving
up for him and siened her passbook over
to him.
There was a short but lively session of
the Harbor Commissioners yesterday.
Three sweepers, Frank C. O'Neil, P. W.
Winkiey and J. T. Bloomer, were dis
charged, and Foreman of Sweepers
Thomas Kane had to be protected from
the:r vengance by Sergeant Hayes.
Wednesday was a wet day, and the men
took more liquor than was good for them,
and Kane brought them to account. The
men got anerrv and one of them struck the
old man. They then seized him and
rushed him up to the Chief Wharfinger's
office, where they demanded that he be
dismissed.
Chief Wharfinger Root told the men to
go to work and make their complaint next
day. They got abusive and he at once
suspended tnem. Before their sentence
of dismissal was passed Sergeant Hayes
was telephoned for and he was instructed
to take Kane under his charge.
The yacht Idier, from which J. C. Wil
son Jr. was drowned some time ano, will
go to Honolulu. After the sad occurrence
Ihe little vessel was sold to the Naval
Battalion and her name was changed to
Natalie. Her new owners soon tired of
her and she again changed hands. She is
now being fitted out for an ocean voyage.
It is expected that as she is a handsome
and speedy craft a good price will be ob
tained for her at the islands.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
steamer Golden Gate will be launched
from Hay & Wright's yard, Alameda
Point, to-morrow. The Golden Gate has
during the winter been lengthened 25 feet
and raided 2 feet, which gives her a water
line of 105 feet ana a good freeboard, mak
ing her one of the finest cannery steam
tenders sailing out of San Francisco.
Special attention has been given to her
crew accommodations, which gives them
large and comfortable apartments. Her
new engines— llx24, 18-inch stroke — will
give her a spsed of 9>£ knots per hour.
Her reconstruction has been under the
direct supervision of Captain 0. J.
Humphrey of the whaling company. The
Golden Gate sails for Alaska the middle
of March, where she will be employed as a
tender to Qne or more of the company's
cann pries. Captain S. F. Snow goe3 out
in the Golden Gate in commend.
The wife of Captain A. C. Sherman, the
well-known whaling man, died in Ala
meda yesterday of typhoid fever. Her
little dauahter, Helen Kerschel Sherman,
the first white child ev-r born in the Arc
tic Circle, had been very sick with the
disease, and the mother nursed her
through it only to succumb herself. Cap
tain Sherman will go out next season on
the Orca, but will leave his children at
home.
A Barbers' Ma*i«-9leeting.
The Journeymen Barbers' Union will hold a
mass-meeting next Sunday afternoon at 102
O'Farrell street. The purpose is to discuss
the bill the barbers of the State have now be
fore the Legislature. The proposed law is
similar to that under which dentists practice.
It provides thai none but competent barbers
shall follow the trade, and that all must be
examined as to their qualifications beiore a
competent board. Apprentices must f-erve a
stated time before they can secure a license ta
practice. If tne bill passes it Mill kill the so
called barber's colleges, wtere face-scrnpers
are turned out by the dozens after a few days'
or weeks' tuition.
PORTLAND'S CLUB
LOST GOOD MONEY
Brown of the Multnomahs
Went Down Before
Kreling.
A Grand Night's Wrestling
Tournament in the Olympic
Gymnasium.
The Directors Cut D^wn the Salaries
of Their Employes Ten
Per Cnt.
"Notwithstanding the heavy rainstorm,
which was at its bast about 8 o'clock last
evening, the ladies and their escorts
poured into the Olympic Club as thick as
drops fell on the street without.
It was wrestling night and the announce
ment that a special match between the
champion lightweight of the Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland, Or., and the
champion of the Olympic Club would
take place attracted a large gathering.
The storm could not keep the ladies
away.
In the feather-weight class, 125 pounds
and under, F. Butler of the Olympic Club,
H. Gelaer of the Oakland Athletic Club,
F. Haustren of the Eintracht Athletic
Club and J. Meagles of the Columbia
Athletic Club contested. Gelder defeated
Butler, Haustren defeated Meagles, and in
the final bout Gelder ciefeatad Haustren
and won first prize.
m the lightweight contests H. M.
Platt of the Reliance Club defeated F.
Eckhardtof the Olympic; L. Mamlock,
Columbia Athletic Ciub, defeated J. J.
Phillips, Olympic, and F. G. Ely, Olym
pic, defeated E. F. Empey, Olympic.* In
the second ruund Platt defeated Mamlock
and Ely wrestled Mamlock a bye. Ely
and Plait met in the final and Plate won
first prize.
Eckhardt is anxious to meet Platt in
any ciub in a special match, best two out
of three, as no considers that he did not
pet a fair show last evening.
Wei ter- weight division — G. Ecklardt,
O. 0.. defeated JM. E. Smith, O. C. ; F. G.
Ely. O. C, defeated J. J. Conlon, C. A. C.
In the second and final round Eckhardt
defeated Ely for first place.
Middle- weight?— F. Hoffman of the San
Francisco Turn Vereins defeated Charles
Peterson of the C. A. C, and D. Mahoney,
O. C, defeated R. B. Cornell, 0. C. In the
final Hoffman easily disposed of Mahoney,
proving beyond a doubt that he is a very
ciever wrestler.
Heavy- weights— G. Hiiderbrant, O. C,
defeated Charles Peterson. C. A. C. ; R.
B. Cornel!, O. C, defeated D. Marione, O.
C. Cornell, Mahoney and Peterson
wrestled also in the middle and heavy
weight divisions. In the second and final
bout Hiiderbrant defeated Cornell be
cause oi his advantage in size and weight,
which handicapped Cornell. Doubtless
Hoffman would have won the first Drize
liua he been a contestant, as he was by
long odds tbe better wrestler.
Tue event of the evening was the special
match between H. Brown, a past director
of the Multnomah Athletic Ciub of Port
land, Or., and C. F. Kreling of the Olym
pic Club, who holds the lightweight
championship. Great interest was mani
fested in this contest, as the athletes of
the Multnomah Club were sanguine that
their representative would easily defeat
the Olympic lad.
Yesterday a prominent member of the
Olympic Club received an order to place
$700 on Brown at even money and long
before the wrestlers made their appear
ance on the carpet the coin was covered.
Brown holds the Northwest record for
pole-vaulting, having cleared 10 feet 1
inch. It is said that Brown taught Green
land — the athlete who received a decision
over Kreling in Portland last year be
cause of the ignorance of the referee — all
that the northern champion knows of
catch-as-catch-can style of wrestling.
Because Greenland defeated Kreling the
Portlanders were certain that Brown
would easily throw Kreling and they
wagered their money accordingly.
Brown has been a resident of this City
for a year, during which time be has b en
in the employ of Palmer & Rey as fore
man oi the firm's type foundry." He has
trained four weeks for the contest and ap
peared in first-class condition lust evening
when he faced hisopponent on the mat.
Referee Eugene Van Court of the Re
liance Athletic Club ordered the wrestlers
into action at 9 p. m. |They were given
half an hour in which to gain a fall.
Brown started in to finish bis opponent in
quick order, and after some hot prelimi
nary work he got a leglock on Kreling
and brought him to the carpet. Brown
tried several neck and arm locks, all of
which Kreling broke. Then Kreling by a
quick movement got a hammer luck on
Brown's left arm, which the latter broke
after a hard strain.
Kreling soon had him again in a tight
place by a neck and arm bold and Brown's
shoulders almost touched the carpet, but
by a great display of strength he manaetd
to turn and breas the hold. Brown then
attempted to get on his pins, but he was
Quickly caupht in an arm hold, which
Kreling suddenly changed to a neck 'iold,
and then by a roll he put Brown on his
back with both shoulders on the mat. The
result was signaled by great cheering.
When the men appeared for the second
bout, a • tne match was best two out of
three fails. Brown wore a very determined
look and the spectators expected to see
»ome extra lively wrestling, but the ex-
Portland champion, so. to apeak, was not
in it with the Olympic boy, who appeared
as cool as a cucumber ana proved that he
kriew a thing or two about the game.
Brown started in well and soon had bis
opponent on the carpet by a neck hold
and a throw, but Kreling* was at home
when on all-fours and soon had Brown
guessing.
The Portland lad fell into a trap in
stantly, and by an arm and neck hold
Kreling had Brown with both shoulders
almost touching, but the latter broke the
hold by another great display of strength.
After considerable give-and-take work
Brown made an attempt to roll Kreling,
when the latter countered and, with a
half-hammer lock, Kreling brought Brown
half way over. Kreling then changed to
a half Nelson, wnich Brown broKe, but
before he knew where he was at Kreling
had him again on his right shoulder, with
a leg ana arm lock, which Kreling quickly
changed to a leg pinch, out of which
Brown could not possibly extricate him
self.
The match was won by Kreling — Time
of tirst fall, 5 mm. 4 Bee. ; time ot second
fall, 8 mm. 15J£ sec. Possibly the Mult
nomah Club may now give Krelins a
return match with Greenland, their home
champion.
The directors of the Olympic Club met
last evening in session and decided to cut
the salaries of all the employes 10 per
cent, which means a saving of about $200
per month to the club. Peter Mclntyre
was engaged to look after the outdoor
grounds for two months at a salary of
$40 per month.
A bigprofessional boxing carnival is now
contemplated, to be held at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Resolutions for Keform.
The Merchants' Association has embodied
in a neat pamphlet the resolutions adopted at
its last quarterly meeting, requesting the
Legislature to take cognizance ot the need of
legislation on civil service and primary elec
tions aud amendments to the laws now bear
ing on streets and Freeholders' charters. The
pamphlet will be extensively circulated
amonff the members of both the Senate and
Assembly.
Improving Fair K«tute Property.
Judge Slack has signed an order permitting
the executors of the will of James G. Fair,
deceased, to erect a two-story building on
Sacramento street, between Davis and Front,
at a cost not to exceed $20,000. B. F. Barton
Has leased one of the stores in the proposed
building for a term of five years at $100 a
month.
Three Di voices Yesterday.
Divorces were granted yesterday as follows:
Amelia Emily Smith Irom J. Smith, on the
ground of willful neglect; Victoria R. Leve
roni from Roland Leveroni, for desertion;
Bertha F. Handle from Harry Randle, for fail
ure to provide. The plaintiff is allowed to re
sume her maiden name, Haywards.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
Do you have pains in your back contin-
ually?
Yes, doctor.
Do yon feel a sense of soreness from
pressure over the kidneys?
Yes, doctor.
During the daytime is the pain more se-
vere?
Yes, doctor.
Do you rest well at night?
No, doctor.
Your appetite is good?
Yes, doctor.
Your bowels regular?
Yes, doctor.
These pains in the back or loins fre-
quently are the result of cold. Sometimes
they mean the beginning of kidney
trouble. You should be very careful of
yourself and take the remedy regularly.as it
will soon relieve you. Your kidneys will
be stimulated, your liver and bowels regu-
lated, and you will feel much better. You
will be enred.
Take this prescription and get the rem-
edy from your druggist; get nothing else:
• R. :
: JOY'S VEGETABLE
: SARSAPARILLA
; (one bottle) :
: Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times :
*. a day. :
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claim-
ing to pay its advertising bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug cierk talk you into
buying something else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. He laughs at you when you
leave the corner store with a substitute.
Watch him.
WKW TO-DAT.
MuIYoFs
Improved Homosopatbic
REMEDIES
FOR CHILDREN.
With them in the douse there is no doc-
tor to hunt or wait for whfm DELAYS
ARE DANGEROUS. Munyon's Guide to
Health will tell you what to use and how
to SAVE DOLLARS IN DOCTOR'S FEES.
S:ckness often comes suddenly, and every
mother should be prepared by having
MUNYON'S REMEDIES where she can
get them quickly. They are absolutely
harmless and so 'labeled there CAN BE
NO MISTAKE.
Munyon's Colic and Crying Baby Cure
cures bilious colic, painters' colic, colic in
children, and griping pains of every de«
scriptlon, promptly relieves Hysteria,
sleeplessness, pains from teething, and
quiets crying babies. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Sore Throat Cure effects a
prompt cure in diphtheria and every form
of sore throat. Price, 25 cents.
Mnnyon's Fever Cure will break any
form of fever. It should be administered
as soon as the lever appears. Price, 25
cents.
Munyon's Worm Cure causes the prompt
removal of all kinds of worm-, pin worms,
anal worms, intestinal worms and tape
worms. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Whooping Cough Cure 13
thoroughly reliable. It relieves at ouca
ani cures promptly.
Munyon's Croup Cure positively con«
trols all forms of croup. Price, 25 cent?, i
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OFTHH
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many nn.'
scrupulous drug: cutters, who, having
forced the selling price of MUNYON'S
RKMEDI-kS to cot, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being .better. Such men are
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting JIUXYOX'S. '
DR. COOK CURES
/^Jg|p|V Nervousness,
(j^isP \ Vital Losses,
$yMFf jag&mr4§v\ impolicy*
wHw/, p--^Yy Lost Manhood,
%'%iwiw stricture '
jsWIIFM Blood Taints,
J^kJ^f^^^^L- Varlcocele,
fM^^l^m^P^l^ Hydrocele.
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert
on Female Complaints, Piles, Rupture,.
Rheumatism, Catarrh, Blood and Skin
Diseases, and Diseases of the Eye, Ear,
Brain, Nose, Throat, Heart, Lungs, Liver,
Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary
Organs.
Electricity. Doctor Cook has ona
i of the finest and most complete combina-
tions of electrical devices in the world,
and administers electricity in conjunction
with medicines in all cases where benefi-
cial results may be thereby obtained.
- mail Treatment always satisfac-
tory — therefore write if you cannot call.
FREE BOOK on men's diseases to all de-
scribing their troubles. Office hoars: 9to
12 a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays
30 to 12 a. m. only. Address
doctor ciooKaaag&v
U\J\jL\JH> IUUfI. San Francisco, Cai.
50TICE ISYITKGJEALED PROPOSALS
j For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of '
the City of San Jose.
mflE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OF
J. tb« Ciiy of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of »an Jose." etc.,
passed ou tne !21st day of December, 1896, and
1 approved On the 23d day of December, 1893,
{ ordainea that there should be Issued by said city.
I of ban Jose six hundred high school buildluz
bond*, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
{ hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $100
\ each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at tba
rate of •;% per cent Dor annum, payable semi-
I annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
I and directed the City Clerk of said city to sriva
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
ana that sealed I proposals will be received at tha
office of said City dork, at the City Hall in San
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'clocic
r. m.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids -
will be opened), for the purchase of th« whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897, ami the interest thereon to ba -
paid s»mi-annually on the first day of Decembor
and the first day on June of each year thereafter,
I both principal and interest payable In gold coin or
lawful money of the United States. . ,
said high school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and ba divided into forty series, num-
bered ' consecutively irom one to forty, both in- '
elusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*;
! the first series Is to include those bond* which an
I numbered from one to I fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series la to include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after those la-
cluded In the next preceding series
Said sewer bonds shall ■ be numbered consecu-
I tively from one to four hundred, both Inclusive,
and b- divided into forty series uumbsred '•ou- '
! gecutively from one to forty, both Inclusive, each I
I series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
Include those bonds which are numbered from'
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included In the next pro-
ceding series. . . •
The fine • series 'of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable -
on the first day of June, 1898, and one of the to-
rcalnins series is to be made payable on the fine
day, or June In each succeeding calendar rear
thereat er, until and including the year 1937.
Bald bonds are to be made payable to the order of
Hi*- purchaser or payee by Dame, and to each of
s&ii bonds there U to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of year*
I which such bond has- to run beforo its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offered, the descrip- I
tion of the bonds desired, and :be accompanied by
a certified check- on some responsible bank; pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said cheat to
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall ,
be paid In gold coin of the United .-tutes within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rUhs
to accept bay or all • bids and to reject ' any or all -
I bids, or portions of bids. Is hereby expressly re-
served. J. W. COOK, City C.erJc
I ; Dated January 3d. 1807.
L. A. Bprtellng Pres. H. Xordman, Vlce-Pres,
A. W. Kirk, Sec Jos. Kordman, Treat
427 KE ARNY STREET,
jx the very best place to have your eyes examine*
I and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our . own, whose ■ superiority has not. yet bean
equaled. RlftsdpQfc49SE3M|
:we have no ' rivals. We value oar reputation; .
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work for success.
■'♦•^rf9!SEtefc^«»-*a Big ** is a -poisonous t
i^HHSSjP* l *^^*^ remedy for Gonorrhoea,
n it F.sW Gleet, Spormatorrhcea. .
jSt^ria Ito d itsyi. Whites, unnatural din-
MSKSM GosnstctMt t| charges, or any inflamma-
riCW n't to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
jfo 'XlPrevcnu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
fJSImEvAHSCHEUICJICo. br:lnt;B - Ncc-astringen-.
V3»CiNCINNATI,O.MEI SoJd by »™»KSUtr,
usa *2gfc^or sent in plain wr-pp?-.
i|^^' •^BPW by express, prepaid, f^c
■ 4 l 51-00. or 3 bottles, C 2.73. ,
I* Circular tent or. rr ittagtt
56
FRIDAY JANUARY 29, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGB,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaj* Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Calx, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Bunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx., three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Calx., one year, by mall I>°°
V. kkkly Call, one year, by mall ••••• *•*•
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
• 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay, open mntfl
&:S0 c'clook.
889 Hay ps street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 I.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
Until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 O'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.gomi SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPeAKS FOR ALL.
The fake journalist will now go slow for
a little while.
When you read it in The Call you know
it Isn't a fake.
A free market we need and a free market
vre must have.
Millions for fakes and not a cent for
news is a poor motto.
Nevada may secure the big prise-fight,
but there will be no Arizona referee.
Stopping firecrackers in Chinatown is
good, but stopping highbinders would be
better.
It will be observed that the Examiner't
Chinese dispatch miil has stopped
working.
Perhaps Long Green Lawrence would
rather be known as a faker than as what
he really is.
Eastern charity is still tussling with the
Eastern blizzard and keeping itself warm
by wholesome exercise.
What does it profit a reader to get stuff
by fakelectrophone from China when he
doesn't even get straight news from Stock
ton street ?
The speeches for free Cuba at Sacra
mento did not hurt the Spaniards, but
they killed time and warmed the blood of
the orators.
It begins to look as if ihe Duckworth
inquiry will drag itself along until it has
made the people tired and then crawl
into a hole.
Princess Chimay is reported to have left
her gypsy, and the next stage in her
career will probably be theatrical in name
as well as effect.
The State Department is to go to Ohio
and the Treaanry Department to go to
Illinois. It is now time lor Major Mc-
Kinley to look west.
Little Pete's life was bad, but there is a
chance his death may have a good effect.
Public opinion is now ready for resolute
action against the highbinders.
The lext step in Willie Hearst's career
from affluent to penury will be to call up
ihe Emperor of China by telephone and
ask him where Li Yung Yuen is.
The fact that Melba's voice has suffered
from singing Wagner's music is not con
clusive as to the effects of the music. We
■would like to have Mr. Bryan try it.
Adulterated food, substitutes for estab
lished articles of beneficial use and fake
newspapers are three things to be avoid
ed. A word to the wise is sufficient
We were not aware that the immigra
tion bill is very hot stuff, but Congress
man Walker said it makes his blood boil,
and Mr. Walker is from Massachusetts.
The juveniie attaches of the State Legis
lature are said to have organized a social
club, and when not dancing attendance
on business will be in attendance at a
dance elsewhere.
The missing furniture of the committee
rooms has been found in other offices of
the State Capitol, so the members of the
last Legislature who were accused of
pocketing it are acquitted.
Once more we are assured that the new
tariff bill will be reported early at the
coming extra session and will be promptly
adopted. Even the Senate, it is said, has
made up ics mind to attend to business.
We do not like to pour vinegar into
open wounds, but really the purchase of
a fake story from the Emperor of China
to Li Yung Yuen, who isn't in town, by a
man who pretends to run a newspaper
was funny.
Senator Voorheis of the Finance Com
mittee reports that bills already introduced
into the State Senate call for appropria
tions of more than $3,242,000. Fortunately
there is a wastebasket handy to drop
most of them into.
Senator Sherman's determination not
to resign his seat in the Senate until he
has been confirmed as Secretary of State
has the advantage of securing him a
chance to vote for his confirmation and
debating it if necessary.
If Long Green Lawrence really thought
that Chinese story was true when he paid
Willie Hearst's money for it he is not to
be blamed for the fake, but really he ought
to cultivate a sense of the ridiculous and
learn to know absurdity when he sees it.
Senator Sherman's statements concern
ing tbe Nicaragua canal are encouraging.
He declared in the Senate on Wednesday
that the canal should be constructed by
the United States, and that a treaty should
be made with Nicaragua for that purpose.
That is the kind of talk we are pleased
with from the next Secretary of State.
The fake journal gave the public an
other example yesterday of its fraudulent
news service. In the first column of the
first pajte it puDlished an alleged dispatch
dated Washington, January 27. and
marked "special cable to the Examiner."
Legitimate news comes from Washington
by wire across the continent. When a
s-tory is asserted to have been sent from
that city to San Francisco by cable across
the ocean it may be known as a fake, and
'it is s ardly necessary for the Examiner
to reiterate the statement and add that it
• was absolutely tine."
KINDRED EVILS.
The American people are at thi3 time
engaged in efforts to suppress three evils
of a kindred nature, each being so insidi
ous in its character as to be almost able to
defy suppression by law, and at the same
time so injnrious in its effect as to require
constant vigilance on the part of the
intelligent portion of the public to prevent
it from becoming a serious menace to the
welfare of the credulous and unsuspecting.
Boards of Health are trying to suppress
the adulteration of food, the owners of
legitimate patented articles are endeavor
ing to prevent tricky dealers from substi
tuting inferior articles in place of the
goods which the purchaser calls for, and
legitimate journals are trying to crush out
of the country that false Peter Fuak sys
tem of running newspapers which prom
ises the people news and gives the» fakes
and freaks instead of genuine reports of
the event* of the day.
These evils are of a kindred nature inas
much as all of them partake of the char
acter of petty swindling. The man who
sells cotton-seed oil for olive oil, and glu
cose compounds for fruit preserves is not t s
sentially different from him who sells some
worthless nostrum in place of a specific
of established repute, or the journalist
who concocts fakes in his private office
and sells them to his readers under the
title of diapatches from China. Neither
is any one of the three widely different
from the gold brick swindler or any other
man who relies upon his canning to obtain
money under false pretenses.
Since the beginning of society there
have always been men who pride them
selves on living by their wits instead of
by their industry, but fortunately, despite
their boasting.they have been invariably as
devoid of wit as of energy. Their schemes
sooner or later are always exposed, and
their wits do not serve to keep them from
an eventual penury or the penitentiary.
The enactment of laws against these
offenses serves a good purpose, but is not
sufficient to guard the people against the
injurious effects of the {•eif-styled witty
fellows. Adulterated foods are always
for sale, inferior articles are always being
substituted for good ones and fakes con
tinue to be offered for news. The only
safeguard for the citizen is in his own in
telligence and the exercise of a constant
vigilance against the sharpers. Under
these circumstances it is the duty of those
who see the evil to expose it. This work
is in a particular sense incumbent upon
the press since it is looked to by the
people to furnish news of what is good
and warning against what is vicious.
The Call in the performance of the
duty due to the public from legitimate
journalism has endeavored to expose each
of these kind of fakers. We have given
space in our columns of late to reports of
discoveries made by the Board of Health
of the sale of adulterated food in this City,
we have called attention to the evil prac
tice of substituting cheap articles in place
of those of established merit, and we have
exposed the fraud of the Examiner in
palming off upon its readers a fake dis
patch from China. This much we have
done to warn the public. It now remains
for the intelligence of the people to act
upon the warning and to protect theni
seive3 Irom the schemes of the fellows
who live by their wits.
THE MICAEAGUA CANAL.
Statements made by Senator Sherman
in discussing the Nicaragua canal bill on
Wednesday are in the highest degree en
couraging to the advocates of that meas
ure. As it is known that the Senator is
to be Secretary of State in the next ad
ministration his words may be regarded
as a declaration of what w:ll be under
taken by President McKinley, and they
give assurance thereiore that the measure
which now seems to be checked will be
carried forward under a new form to com
plete success.
Senator Sherman is reported to have de
clared that he believes the only means
of building the Nicaragua canal is
through the power of the United States.
He expressed the opinion that no private
canal company could carry out the project
and that it should be undertaken by our
Government directly. He went on to say
he would vote for the bill in any form in
which it might be presented, but be
thought the better way would be to allow
the matter tp rest until a new treaty could
be made with the Nicaraguan Govern
ment.
The statement as reported is certainly
explicit enough to give satisfaction to the
advocates of the measure. As Secretary
of State Senator Sherman will himself
have charge of negotiating the treaty for
the construction of the canal, and his
words are a distinct promise that he will
do all in his power to promote the great
enterprise. There is moreover a degree
of satisfaction to be found in his declara
tion that the canal should be constructed
by the Government for the people, and
not for a private corporation. Much of
the objection to the present Dill has been
founded upon the belief that it granted
too much favor to the canal company,
and this objection will of course be re
moved by the adoption of the policy sug
gested.
There can be no question that the great
est opportunity which will open before the
Secretary of State of the new administra
tion on entering office will ba that of ar
ranging such a treaty as has been out
lined. The construction of the Nicaragua
canal is just now the most important en
terprise which engages the attention of
the world. It means a virtual revolution
in the commerce of the earth. Its ad
vantages to every nation will be great, and
its benefits to the United States will be
too vast to be calculated. The Secretary
of State who perfects a treaty which pro
vides for the construction of the canal,
and the President under whose direction
the great work is carried out, can count
upou holding a high place in the scroll
which contains the names of the great
statesmen of America who have promoted
the welfare of the country, not tempor
arily, but for all time.
IMMIGRATION BILL.
The passage by the House of the immi
gration bill reported by the conference
committee gives promise that this im
portant piece of legislation will be enacted
during the present session of Congress.
The amendments made in the bill, as or
iginally reported, are of comparatively
little importance, and it is reasonable to
conclude that tbe Senate will agree with
the House in adopting the measure, and
will promptly pass it.
The bill does not go so far as iome ex
treme advocates of restriction would have
desired, but it is a marked improvement
on the existing law. It will tend to pro
tect American labor from the competition
of cheap laborers from abroad, and also to
secure American society irom tue per
nicious influence of aliens who bave no
understanding either of our laws, our cus
toms or our aspirations. It will check, to
some extent, the incoming horde of immi
grants, and if found by experience to be
insufficient, can be easily made more ex
tensive and more restrictive in the future.
It is singular that the chief objector to
the educational test in the bill was a Con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
pressman from Massachusetts. It has
been generally supposed that the people
of that State were in favor of education as
a test not merely for foreigners coming
into the country, but even for American
born who desired to exercise the right ot
suffrage. Mr. Walker of Massachusetts,
however, declared that the bill made his
"blood boil" because it would exclude
from America honest farmers and worK
ingmen who cannot read while opening
the doors to nihilists and anarchists who
possess that accomplishment.
The objection thus made to the bill is
not valid. We have laws already against
anarchist" and men of the criminal class.
What is needed now is a bill which will
shut out from the couutry those who are
not only ignorant, but are so devoid of
worthy ambition as to neglect to educate
themselves even in the language of their
own country.
Bo fsr as it goes the bill is good enough.
The people desire to see it enacted with
out further delay. Such defects as may
be discovered in it may be remedied here
after. The point at issue now is to restrict
immigration as far as possible at once.
The revival of industry in this country
will bring hordes of cheap European la
borers to this country to compete with
our workingmen if they are not checked
by the passage of this law. It will not do
all, but it will do much, and for that rea
son it should be regarded by Congress as
a measure of urgency and promptly
adopted.
THE COMING ISSUE.
In an eloquent address before the Illi
nois Legislature Mr. Mason, the newly
elected United Btate3 Senator, won ap
plause from the Republicans by pledging
his devotion to the great measures of pro
tection, reciprocity and sound money; bnt
when he spoke of trusts and corporations
he was greeted with acclamations in
which men of all parties joined. It is
evident, therefore, that ho spoke the uni
versal sentiment of the Legislature on that
subject and may claim with justice to be
in that respect * representative of all
Illinois.
The passage in his speech which won
this unanimous approval is thus reported:
I want to say one word upon the subject of
trusts. The constant struggle of corporations
against competition has for a long time, and
will for many years to come, furnish food lor
thoughtful minds. The trusts produce cheaper
because they produce more; but the great
trouble has been that the cheapening of the
cost of production has inured to the benefit of
the few, whi.a the consumer has been de
prived of tlie benefits that justly should have
mllen to his lot. I shall, on behalf of the peo
ple of Illinois, favor additional legislation, if
necessary, and the enforcement of the laws
a. ready passed by our party, to the end that
when competition is destroyed the saving in
the cost of production shall go to the pockets
of the p'.aia people, who consume, and not to
the pockets of the few, who grow rich by rea
son of their combinations and trusts.
It is not in Illinois only that these
words will meet with commendation. In
Congress and in all the State Legislatures
there have been repeated efforts made to
restrict trusts and corporations to a
greater or less extent. Public sentiment
is everywhere ready to support almost
any well-directed movement in that direc
tion, and all signs point to the conclusion
that when the tariff and the currency
have been properly settled the next great
issue to be taken up in our politics will
be that of regulating corporate activities
and preventing th 3 injurious effects of
trust monopolies.
It does not follow that because there is
a unanimous sentiment in favor of placing
some limit upon the activities of these
mighty organizations of trade and in
dustry that there will be anything like
unanimity in fixing the limits or in devis
ing the law for maintaining them. When
the issue comes up for linal settlement
people will divide on it, as they are di
vided on the money question, into con
servatives and radicals. There will be
party differences on this question, as on
all others, and there will be no longer
universal acclamations for any orator, no
matter which side he takes or how elo
quently he speak 3.
What has been done so far to regulate
trusts and monopolies has been ineffective
and futile. The trusts that have cone to
pieces tiave failed from inherent defects
rather than from the force of statutes de
claring them illegal. We have been, as it
were, experimenting with the task before
us. The genuine life or death grapple
with it is to come later. When it will
occur cannot be predicted. It is signifi
cant, however, that one of the youngest,
ablest and most forceful of the new men
who will enter the Senate in March has
declared himself in favor of meeting the
issue at once and meeting it boldly.
THE SPiNNiNG WHEEL
1796.
Beside the wheel my lady sits and spins the live
long day,
The drifted wool her fairy touch like magic melts
away.
Certes, she Is passing fair— fairer than verse may
tell;
she winds the skein about my hands, and round
my heart a spelL
The sunbeams dancing in her eyes dare me a kiss
to steal
From gentle Mistress Dorothy beside- her spin
ning wheel.
1896.
Scorching down the boulevard,
Chewing Bum and pedaling haid,
1 1ng ling! Almost knock me flat.
Dizzy tie, Fedora hat,
Scarlet bloomei 'lisa picture
Makes my very senses reel, \
What was that? I ask. O, merely
Dot astride her spinning wheel. - .
Ernest Neal Ltow. .
"BILLY" MASON'S FINE HOUSE.
Washington Post.
An Illinois member of Congress had dined
with "Billy" Mason in Chicago. They had
talked of the desire of Mr. Mason to come to
the Senate, and admired the beautiful house
in which be lives, had even inspected the
tiled glories of the bathroom, and then, smok
ing an afternoon cigar, the two friends waited
downtown together. When they were some
distance from the house the Congressman
turned and looked back at the large and bril
liantly lighted dwelling.
"You have a beautiiul home," said the Con-
gressman.
"Yes," replied Mason, with a sound that was
between a laugh and a sigh, "but 1 can hear
that house drawing interest two squares
away."
IT NEVER MISSES
Philadelphia itecord.
J. C. Graham, a New York expert, says: "It
stands to reason that anything that is intended
for family consumption should be advertised
where the family can always »cc it." And the
only focal point on which the family view con
verges daily, with the exception of the dinner
tabie, is the family newspaper. That never
misses being seen.
SHOULD BE THE RULE.
Philadelphia Times.
So far from it being a novelty for an Ameri
can President or a well-dressed Ainercan citi
zen to be clothed in homespun woolens, it
should be the rule, and it would be so il our
woolen manufacturers advanced as they should
have advanced under the high protection
given to them. We bave abundant capital;
we bave the best skilled labor, and produce the
finest machinery in the world, with the highest
protection given to woolen manufacturers in
any country, and yet our woolen manufac
turers themselves wear foreign woolens.
THE CABINET.
■ Chicago Times-Herald
They aav ilcKinley cannot find
The right man to put In it. .' '
Thai's queer, for anybody else
Can do it in v minuie,
ARE REPUBLICS UNGRATEFUL?
That you must judge for yourself.
But there Is at least one instance In the great West which seems to afford an example of
such ingratitude.
When a man who has distinguished himself as lawyer, author, ex
plorer and soldier, and who has maintained in all his years a repu
tation for the strictest honesty and integrity, is forced to spend his
declining years in wretched poverty, forgotten by his country, I
would certainly appear that the charge of ingratitude is not with
out foundation.
The pioneers of California will be eager to read thiß story of th
freaks of fate and fortune.
It concerns one of themselves.
The hero of the narrative fought gallantly in the war agains
Mexico and subsequently became one of the moving spirits in th
opening up of some of the great mines of the Pacific Coast.
He was honored by Presidents Lincoln and Grant, and in gov
ernmental matters he has done his country splendid service.
The closing days of his lite are being spent almost in solitude
entirely in poverty and amid scenes of squalor in a wretched hut
Fortune and position are memories of the dim and distant past,
and the old man has been too proud to ask for a pension, although
properly entitled to one.
Th«» wfcni* unn «f ujJj rare character will be found In The Sunday Call.
Have you been reading "Idyls of the Field" by a California nat
nraiist?
If not, then you have missed something unqualifiedly good.
In next Sunday's Call the contribution of the naturalist-at-large
will be entitled "Wild Playmates," and it is one of the very best of
the series.
Let me quote you a few sentences, just to give you a taste:
"Even spiders, the most solitary and uncompanionable of crea
tnres, play, dropping down upon their silken threads, running back
and forth upon their webs, unmistakably taking recreation. Who
has not seen on a summer evening a swift hawk swinging afar
through tho sky, dipping, swerving, circling, then on motionless
wings sailing straight away toward tho horizon, not in search of preyt
bnt in the pure joy of motion, playing up there in the ethereal
"Happiness, joy in existence, is the natural heritage of every crea
ture. We humans have little remaining of it, because most of us have
■old our birthright for a mess of pottage, oftener yet for the dry husks
of that wnich we mistakenly call life. Even our relaxations are mere
posturing, from which we get not even as much pleasure aB the
grouca-squirrei derives from his queer pulpiteering.
•• 'Poor human nature,' we say, and talk piously of higher things than happiness. I tell
you happinesa is one of the high things of this life of ours. 'We may always be sure, what
ever we are doing, that we cannot be pleasing Him if we are not happy ourselves.' "
This is a taste. The whole article will be a dish, with regard to which the only regret wil
be that there isn't more of it. „ 
The children will go into ecstacy over their page in The Sunday Call. It will be chockl
full of exactly ne kind ot reading they delight in.
The fashion department will contain a wealth of timely suggestions, which the women
shouldn't miss for anything. If you want to learn the very latest styles and fads from New
York, Paris and London you will consult The Sunday Call.
In lact, if you want the best, brightest and cieanest newspaper on tbii Bide of the Rockies
you will buy The Sunday Call.
PERSONAL.
K. a Peffer of Chino is at the Palace.
J. M. Mannon of I.'kiah is at the L'.ck.
J. H. Gilbertsville, N. V., is in the City.
J. M. Thompson of New York is at the Pal
ace.
F. A. Aplen of Chicago is on a visit to this
City.
George Hager of Colusa arrived hero last
night.
Arthur F. L. Bell of Carpinteria is at the
Grand.
J. O. Byxbee, a business man of Fresno, is in
the City.
James J. Atkins of Pitts Durg arrived here
last night.
J. H. Jones, a mining man of Bossland, is on
a visit here.
James T. Dennis, an attorney of Reno, Key.,
Is at the Palace.
L. Jordan of St. John;, N. 8., was among yes
terday's arrivals.
George S. Davis, a wealthy business man of
Detroit, is in town.
H. F. Geer, a business man of Turloci, ar
rived here yesterday.
W. T. Baldwin and F. G. McClelland of Wood
bridsre are in the City.
J. Craig, the proprietor of the Highland
Springs, is at the Grand.
W. H. Rogers, a mining and business man of
Arizona, is at the Palace.
Professor G. R. Crow, a Los Angeles capital
ist, is in the City on business.
The Rev. A. W. Edelman of Lob Angeles is on
a visit here and is at the Lick.
John Boggg, the ex-Senator and great land
owner of Colusa, Is in the City.
Lieutenant John M. Elliott of the United
States navy Is at the Occidental.
M. Hardy, a well-known resident of Port
land, Or., is at the Cosmopolitan.
W. H. Harris of Rossland, the big mining
camp of Trail Creek, Is at the Russ.
Miss Kimple of Stockton is among recent
arrivals at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
is. B. Ladner. founder of the town of Ladner
and a well-to-do citizen there, is in town.
W. Kelnbaum, a business man of Washing
ton, is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Samuel McMurtrie, the railroad builder of
Santa Barbara ana San Luis Obispo counties,
is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ask of Kirkwood are in
the City on business and pleasure and staying
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Profewor C. fl. Rockwell of Tarrytown, N.Y.,
who comes to California about every year to
remain for a time, arrived here yesterday and
Is at the Palace.
I. Henry Benrlmo, an old Morosco favorite,
is dangerously ill. The doctors say there is
but little hope foi him. He is a young and
very clever character actor.
A. D. Shepard, assistant general passenger
and freight agent of the Southern Pacific Rail
road at Los Angeles, is in the City to arrange
for the removal of his family to Los Angeles.
Captain Hooper, superintendent of construc
tion and repair of revenue cutters for the Pa
cific Coast, left last night for Seattle to ap
praise the Wolcott, which has been ordered
sold.
P. de Meranda, a wealthy mining man of
Peru. Soutn America, was among yesterday's
arrivals here. He will probably remain for
some time, visiting other portions of Call
iornia.
S. M. Nolan, who was for many years in the
general merchandising business at Taeoma,
and prior to that at Walla Walla, is in the City
to remain for a few weeks. Mr. Nolan owns a
fine residence at American Lake, near Taeoma
and valuable property on Pacific avenue in
Taeoma. He says business Is not yet active on
the sound, but he thinks it will be considera
bly improved in a few months.
"Pitsburg Phlll," otherwise George E. Bmlth,
the tamoim horseman, who is known as one
of the greatest of plungers and who has
acquired a fortune in recent years, has arrived
here from the East and is at the Palace. He
used to be a cutter of corks in his native city
of Plttsburg. One day there was & reduction
of wages, Smith went on a strike and began to
visit me tracks. He never followed nis trade
again.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— At the St.
Cloud, H. K. Getz; Belvedere, A. H. Crockery.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Sir Francis Drake's last male descendant
has died at the age of 89, in the Bristol alms
bouse, of which he had been an inmate for
many years. His father fought at Trafalgar.
Testimony in a recent suit In a Paris court
developed the fact that a fashionable under
taker's charge for embalming the body of an
American is $600. The charge for embalm
ing Dom Pedro was $1000, and for the King of
Hanover $2000.
There is some probability that Rer. Dr. Wat
son, so well known as "lan Maclaren," will by
and by take up a pastorate in London. As Dr.
Watson Is a bri'liant orator he would no doubt
immediately take his place in the front rank
of London preachers.
Tnere was lately sold In London for $125 a
tilver salver made in 1782 bearing the coat of
arms, crest and motto of William Pitt and
having the following words engraved on Its
back: "This pieca of plate belonged to the
Right Hon. William Pitt, the most incorrupt
and loyal Minister that ever graced the annals
of any nation."
A French writer, Edouard Tonlouse, has ex
amined Zola's mental peculiarities, and dis
covered a peculiar weakness of memory. He
could not recognize welWknown citations from
Moliere, Balzac, Hugo and George Sand, and
in some cases even failed to remember bis own
early writings wnen passages from them were
lead to him.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Lawyer— l must know the whole truth before
I can successfully defend you. Have you told
me everything?
Everything except where I hid
the money. I want that for myself.— Detroit
Free Press. . ■ !
"What," inquired the professor, "is the
lesson conveyed by the assertion that 'Seven
cities claimed the Homer dead through which
the living Homer begged his bread'?"
And the young man with his hair plastered
over his temples replied after protracted
thought: "It shows conclusively the dime
museum is an institution of great antiquity."
—Indianapolis Journal. . .
"There goes a man who makes lots of money
by running a table d'hote restaurant and only
charging $2 50 for a ticket good for ten din
ners."
"Where is there any profit in such a low rate
as that?"
"Well, you see, no one ever goes back for a
second dinner."— New York Evening World.
V
Johnny — Ma, what is a grass widow?
Ma—lt Is a woman whose husband is en
gaged in the business of sowing wild oats. —
Boston Transcript.
Merritt— What are you crying about?
Little Mother wants me to wear sister
Cora's cut-down bloomers.— New York Ledger.
Dobsor. — What became of that man who had
twenty-seven medals for saving people from
drowning? -
Dock Worker— He fell in one day when he
had them all on and the weight of 'em sunk
Tit-Bits. .'.'.. .-V .
THE RICH SHOULD NOT ECONOMIZE
New Yorn Sun.
The greatest injury that can be done to the
prosperity of a community comes from the
enforced or voluntary economy on the part of
society. If every family in New York should
begin to-day to cut down its expenditures by
a small fraction only the sum of the loss to
trade and lnbor would be so vast that it would
bring disaster to business and industry gen
erally. If the rich, more especially, should
cut off all "extrnvagance" the consequence
would be an appalling increase in "poverty
and destitution," for trades employing thou
sands of men and women would be deprived
of support.
OLD SECRETARIES OF STATE.
Boston Herald.
John Sherman is 74. Webster died as Sec
retary in his seventy-first year, and his last
duys saw his intellect in its greatest vigor.
Marcy was 71 when his term under Pierce
closed. General Casa was 75 when he entered
Buchanan's administration, and Hamilton
Fish was 70 when he retired from his arduous
services at the close of Grant's administration.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
The Vote of Ohio— B., Turlock, Cal. The
vote of Ohio for Presidential electors at the
last-neld election was as follows: McKinley,
525,991; Bryan, 477,494; Palmer, 1857; Lev
ering. 5068; Bentley, 2716; Matchett, 1167.
McKiiiley's plurality, 47,497.
Bonds— G. 8.. City. If an individual is re
quired by a court to furnish bonds he must
offer individuals who will prove satisfactory
to the court. The court will accept either a
freeholder — that is, a person who owns real
estate— or a householder— that is, a person
engaged in business and whodoes notown real
estate; but as to the sufficienty of the surety
offered the court is the judge. A person own
in? real estate that Fa mortgaged might be ac
cepted as surety on a bond if the court thought
the property was worth much more than the
amount of the mortgage— that is, that the ex
cess was more than sufficient to cover the
amount of the boiid.
Civil Service P.tjles— J. D. A., Santa Bar
bara, Cal. Every persons who wishes a posi
tion in either the postal or customs depart
ments of the United States must undergo an
examination as to fitness. No one is certified
for appointment whose standing in the ex
amination is less than 70 per cent of com
plete proficiency, except that applicants
claiming military or naval preference need
obtain but 65 per cent Those who do not
need to be examined are: In the Custom
house Department, one cashier in each cus
toms district, one chief deputy in each dis
trict which employs as many as 150 persons;
in the Postal Department, one assistant post
master, one cashier of each first-class post
office when employed under the roster title of
cashier only.
A Sibtkb-in-Law— Arbor, City. A correspond
ent who is anxious to let this department
know that he reads answers, but is ashamed
to sign his name to his communication, writes
as follows: "Allow me to contradict the fol
lowing answer: 'There is nothing in the laws
governing the Episcopal church that prohib
its a widower from marrying the sister of a de
ceased wife.' It is not lawful to marry a de
ceased wife's Bister. They hare been trying
to pass the deceased wife's sister bill for
years, but the House of Lords rejects it always.
P. 8. — Always give a correct answer or not at
all." It is the purpose of this department to
give correct answers and the answer quoted is
correct. In En gland a widower cannot marry
the sister of his . deceased wife because the
civil law says it is illegal. In the United
States there is no such law. . In - the State of
California and other States in which a mar
riage license is required a minister of the
Episcopal church will, on the presentation of
such license, marry the couple holding it, irre
spective of the fact that the woman is the sis
ter of the man's deceased wife.
Fbekch nougat and fruit glace. 905 Larkin.*
•> — ♦ •
California glace fruits, sOa la. : Townwnd" *,«
'/■>■:• ..-.'■•■ > • — * — • " — — V. . - .■.■'
Special Information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prau
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.
* ♦ »
clearance sale — Genuine , eyeglass specs,
15c to 40c. :■ Sundays, 740 Market (Kast's shoe
store) ; weekdays, 65 Fourth, next to basery. •
- '.. . '— ; • — « — —— . ' "■'
Husband's Calcined Magnesia— first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and t smaller ' dose ' than other I mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. *
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"I think it one of the oddest things In my
life that I should have just arrived for the
first lime in San Francisco. Look at me; I m
not an old man, to be sure, but I'm old enough
to have known better than to stay away so
long, for I've been everywhere else. Ive been
held up by road agents in Texas, treed by
coyotes In Arizona, suffered for the need of a
drink in Maine, and have been talking adver
tising in and out of Chicago for many years,
and, whew! speaking of Chicago, how com
fortable it is to be sitting under the banyan
trees out here at tnis moment. I've heard a
great deal about the climate of California, but
you haven't any here to speak of. It Is just
like this for three or four months of the year
lm Chicago, but for the balance of the time
the climate never does a thing. That reminds
me of a story—"
William C. Hunter is a member in high
standing of the Ananias Club of Boston. It is
better, perhaps, that the story of "which thai
WILLIAM C. HUNTER, Newspaper Man and Bohemian, of Chicago, and
Member of the Ananias Club
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artist.]
reminded him" be not repeated. He Is also
an advertising agent, which probably of it
self makes him eligible to membership in the
club. At any rate he Is an alert, wide-awake
and successful business man as well as an en
tertaining Bohemian and newspaper man.
He is secretary of the W. D. Boyce Company,
publishers of Chicago's three big weeklies,
the Saturday Blade, the Chicago Ledger and
the Chicago World. He is advertising man
ager of the concern, and In that capacity
he Is visiting the Pacific coast, to his own
evident delight, for the first time. His room
at the Palace is stacked up with odds and
ends that he bought from Indians and others
in the West designed for his "den" in Chicago.
His den, he says, is a fight. It is papered
with the "matrices" of the leading newspapers
of the country— that is, the pulp impressiong
from which the page is stereotyped.
"They described San Francisco to me as the
Paris of America and I think the description
fits exactly. I brought a box full of letters of
introduction to people here, but they are still
in the box," he said. "I didn't use 'em. The
people seem to be all made of such original
stuff that formalities are out of place. I've
been shown everything, and among others I
might say that the Olympic Club Is a big card
for the City. That salt water is great stuff.
In Chicago we have a fine athletic club, but
the only things that go with it free to the
members are admission and ice water. Every
thing else is charged for extra."
But even with this handicap added to its
eccentric climate Mr. Hunter does not go back
on Chicago altogether.
"They say that we have taken into the city
limits all the farming country of the State,
but that is not literally true," he said. "We
have a street that is twenty-five miles long,
built up for the whole distance— Halstead
street. We have three distinct cities in the
three divisions. The North Side Is the Boston
of Chicago. There are the libraries and the
culture. The South Side is the New York. It
is the mercantile and money center. The
West Side is cosmopolitan Chicago itself."
Speaking of the big weeklies he represents,
Mr. Hunter said: "They were started by W.
D. Boyce some ten years ago. Mr. Boyce had
been a publisher of patent lnsides, and in
spite of the fight made agalnit him by Kellogg
and others, he became such a competitor that
they finally bought him out for $70,000. Mr.
Boyce then, with three others, started the
Chicago Blade. They undertook to make the
paper go on its merits without advertising.
Boyce sunk his $70,000, and when the paper
was $15,000 in debt he bought out two of his
partners for $100 each. He kept at it, work
ing all sorts of schemes to get a circulation,
and at last it began to go, and has continued
to do so with marvelous rapidity. The W. D.
Boyce Company was formed, and the Chicago
Leager and af teTward the World were started.
We paid Uncle Sam for postage last year on
the three pap ira at 1 cent a pound $27,000.
We paid fully as much more on circulars to
our agents.']
HOW HEARST IS RUINING
PULITZER.
New York Press.
"Willie" Hearst Is discovering that tbere
are wicked thorns in the path of a bumptious
young man who comes from the West to scalp
New York and gets skinned alive. On the ro
mantic stage the people who were pulling his
leg would call him an "angel." In the brutal
new journalism they call him a "sucker." He
is fair game for everybody, and everybody
plugs away at him. Anybody can sell any
thing to him by telling him that some other
paper wants it. When a man wants an in
crease of salary he tells the California come-on
that Pulitzer has offered him more money
than Hearst Is giving him. Hearst goes wild
at the thought that Pulitzer is trying to get
his men away from him, doubles the chap's
salary and thinks he is ruining Pulitzer,
Hearst was paying one of his artists a hun
dred dollars a week, when some of the World
people put up a job on htm. They told the ar
tist the World would like to have his services
at $150 a week. The artist told Hearst, and
willing Willie raising him to $200. Then the
World raircd to $223, and Willie, in a panic,
raised to $250 and promised the artist a trip
to Europe. That is the way the World helpa
Hearst spend his money, and Willie is tickled
to death, thinking Pulitzer is the victim.
You could sell Hearst a yellow dog for a
thousand dollars if you told him Pulitzner
had offered you nine hundred tor it. Every
body knows this, and every day a lot of gold
bricks are offered to him, which take a large
slice of the fortune his father made In silver
mines.
"Willie has been trying to buy a paper in
Chicago to save freight on the free copies of
his Sew York paper that he sends out West.
He hasn't succeeded in getting the Chicago
paper yet, because the shrewd Westerners are
bidding him up just the way the World people
bid up his artist. Willie has found no lack of
helping hands eager to assist him in scatter
ing his trailer's millions.
The funny thing about Hearst is that he
came here to teach new journalism 10 Pu
litzer, and that after dropping two millions
he is trotting along admiringly behind Pu
litzer, as if he had been trained to it all his
life- If the World comes out tor a beer tax on
Monday, Willie follows him f<sr a beer tax on
Tuesday. It's the same way with trusts, po
lice abuses, special commissioners, baby shows,
and everything el«e. Willie has become a
crazy free-trader now. If Pulitzer should ad
vocate an American emperor Willie would
say amen. And his leg-pullers would male
him believe that was the way to put another
nail in Pulitzer's coffin.
Every week Willie pours a barrel of silver
into his paper. He draws large checks for
contributions rejected by the World, employs
the World's discharged men at liptop salaries,
and, as a result, expects every day to see the
dome of the Pulitzer building fall into Park
row. The Journal's free campaign fifty-cent-
on-the-doilar circulation slips over into tha
World office day by day, but that doesn't make
any difference. Willie buys everything that
the World won't have, and smiles beautifully
when his people tell him that "Pulitzer ia
doomed."
While Willie is "ruining Pulitzer," the wily
Joseph helps Willie spend a little more of the
silver of his late papa each week, and while
Pulitzer chalks up his circulation Willie looks
at the stubs of a hundred check-books and
gloats over the tall of Pulitzer. If Willie were
a heavy-weight there would be a terrific crash
some day, though not of the gilded dome; but
the passing when Pulitzer has done with the
innocent Willie will probably be like the pop
ping of a little red balloon.
"yira. Wln»low'i Soothing Syrup"
Has been used ever fifty years by millions it
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success, it soothes the child, softens ihegntnv
allays Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from tee. h ing or other causes. lor sale by drag
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and %s£
lor Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c abottla,
•— • — .
COBfHCA do.— Atmosphere Is perfectly drr, *->•$
end mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam*
ship. including fifteen days' board at the Hotel 4s i
Coronado, $65; longer stay $2 50 per day. Appi/
4 Kew Montgomery st., Ban Francisco.
■ • — ♦ — »
Why suffer from corns when llin-dercobns
removes them so easily. 15 eta at druggists.
Pabkebs Ha ib Balsam aids the hair growth.
• — ♦ — ♦
No TOII.KT Is complete without a bottle of Ajer*t
Hair Vigor— the best hair-dressing. Ask your
druggist for Ayer*s Almanac
. . ' • — — •
Bubkktt's Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery- t&O.
■ • — * — •
I ITwo . years ago the French novelist, Hector
Ma jot, having finished bis sixtieth volnrae,
said farewell to his career as author. As m
epilogue, however, he has now published "Le
Roman de Mes Romans," in which he relates
his life and the circumstances which led to
the writing of his best-known books.
KEW TO-DAT.
Which would you rather
trust ? An old, true friend of
twenty years, or a stranger
You may have little health
left. Will you risk it with
a stranger ? If you have a,
cough, arc losing flesh, if*
weak and pale, if consump-
tion stares you in the face,
lean on Scott's Emulsion.
It has been a friend to thou-
sands for more than twenty
years. They trust it and
you can trust it.
Let us send you a book
telling you all about it.
Free for the asking.
•corr & Bow**, Ch«inists, N«w York
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
J|jg|| DESKS, CHAIRS
' IHliil OFFICE FURXITI'RB
■' pJßPgftl 638-640 MisaiouSUIKIDAY JANUARY 29, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
BA£mmi Thkater.— "Ma'gda."
<'oi.rMsiA i wkatkk — "Devil's Auction."
Monosco's OrjcßA-Hocß*.— -Orphans of New
York "
Ai-cazab Totatkb.— "All the Comforts of
Home. '
livoiJ Opkba noons.— ■ Maritana."
(KrHKrw— Hlßh-CUns Vandevlllp.
(,Di.i)KN Oatk Hall— Sermon by Rex. Harod
J>o'.ce. Sunday night.
Thk CHorn axd Skating Rink— at
Haight street, oue block east of the Park."
fcVTBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
ialj * i c C oast Joek f.y Oi ph.— Racea to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Indiana a i-ctton- Co.-Thls day, January
29, furniture, at 1057 Market St.. at 11 o'clock.
1 v I hank W. Bctxkkfiki,d— This day. Janu-
ary 29, Groceries, at 518 Fourth St., at 11 o'clock.
By G. H. I'mbskn « Monday, February 1,
Heal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
I'YEastox <$ Klpribof.— Tuesday, February
5?, I'm! Kstate, at salesrooms, 638* Market St.,
fit 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Judge Seawell ii still listening to testimony
ii; the Quackenbush litijration.
Belle Levy has sued Jacob Lory for a divorce
on the ground of failure to provide.
Judge Slack has decided that the police pen
sion fund cannot be declared insolvent.
President Jordan of Stanford University lec
tured on the lur seals of Alaska last night.
There will be excursion rates to the Corbet t-
Fitzsimnioiis fight if it takes place iv Nevada.
Forecast Official McAdie forecasts ralnr
■weather with high southeasterly winds for to
day.
J. Henry Benrimo, a Morosco favorite, is
dangerously ill. Ills physician has small hope
of his recovery.
John Lemon has applied for letters of ad
ration on the $10,000 estate of Thomas
Lemon, deceased.
The annual meeting of the German GeneTal
Benevolent Society was held last night and
officers were elected.
Queen Mab, Schnitz, Argentina, Ransome,
Kowalsky and Suisun were the winners at
lugieside yesterday.
The French benevolent societies will give a
musical entertainment in placo of their an
nual ball next month.
The next convention of the California Hu
mane Association will be held in this City
during carnival week.
The seventeenth annual convention of the
St. Patrick's Alliance of America was held in
this City yesterday.
A four-duy-old baby girl was found yester
day morning by Officer McLaughlin on the
doorsteps at ll^C Steuart street.
A newsDaper thief allowed to go on his own
recognizance by Judge Joachimsen was found
to have a sluugshot in his possession.
The Junior Order of American Mechanics
have nearly completed arrangements for the
observance of Washington's birthday.
Morosco has secured the services of a new
leading lady. Miss Lorena Atwood, who will
take Miss Bateinau's place temporarily.
L«vin Bros.' grocery-stores have been sold
under order of Judge Slack. Their creditors
will realize about 20 cenis on the dollar.
C. Van de Vere, a clairvoyant charged with
grand larceny, has forfeited his bail and is
ii)is3ing. His'partner's wife is also missing.
W. E. Patchel, a painter at 1020% Larkin
street, attempted to commit suicide yesterday
OOQ by cutting liis throat with a razor.
Eugene S. Bonelli has sued William \V. Prahl
and Nettie Prahl to foreclose a mortgage on
furniture contracted lor on the installment
}an.
Jacob P. Alseuz died in this City on the 17th
of last June, leaving an estate valued at $6000.
ii.a widow has applied for letters of adminis
tration.
There has been a general change in the offi
cials ol the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad aud superintendent Carboiley has
resigned.
The will of George Albert Abel has been
fi cd. The entire estate, valued at $1000, is
bequeathed to Mary E. Abel, widow ol the
atceased.
Miss Mattie Ehrman and Albert Frank were
married last evening at the Verein Club
rooms. Rev. Dr. Voorsanger performed the
ceremony.
Ex-President F. A. Hyde of various boards of
education charges that the present board and
the one before have been guilty of gross, ex
travagance.
Judges of the Superior Court have filed with
County Clerk Curry their iists oi citizens from
which the venire lor the next Grand Jury will
be made up.
Suit has been commenced by John L. Haskell
for the following sums: Against C. C. Butler,
K)O; John A. Buck, $125,000; Xicho.as
Ohiaiidt, $75,000.
Several measures of importance to sports
men because they deal with the protection to
figh and game have recently been passed by
tho Assembly at Sacramento.
Poker debts cannot be collected by legal
proceedings. Judge Slack so decided yester
day in regard to a note for $345 given by a
Auell in favor o f S. Hoffman.
The Deutscher Kneger Vcreln and Veterans
of the German Army are to celebrate the one
hundredth birthday of the late Emperor Wil
liam I on March 21 by a festival.
An interesting case involving the authority
of aeea captain while at sea and oi sailors for
refusing to obey orders will be tried in the
United i-tates District Court soon.
Suit has been instituted by the Union Bag
and Paper Company against the Crown Paper
Company for $20,000 on account of alleged
infringement ol trademark rights.
The remains of Mrs. Mary K. Flood will be
Interred In the Flood vault at Laurel Hill to
day. The greatest secrecy is being maintained
by the family relative to the burial.
The Supreme Court handed down a decision
■ yesterday affirming the order of transfer from
San Be to to Santa Clara County of the case.
of Johnson, administratrix, against Brown
otal.
Henry Huff has been appointed interpreter
of Chinese in the Federal courts by the Gov
ernment In order to re-establish his standing
which was lost through Dick Williams' crook
edness.
Hugo Hcrold, the California barytone who
has lately returned from Europe, will give his
first San Francisco concert in Golden Gate
Hall to-night. An interesting programme is
announced.
\V. R. Dailey, who was recently arrested for
Fending Improper matter through the mail,
was released yesterday on $3000 bail. Dailey
v.atone ol the publishers of a sensational
weekly paper. Wrffl
Will E. Fisher, the real estate agent-who has
returned to lace hi» creditors, made a verbal
statement yesterday. He has accepted service
of papers in the Fair estate suit and his wife's
divorce proceeding.
James Boulan, 21 years of age, was discov
ered yesterday afternoon while sneaking into
the cellar of Danforth's warehouse on Front
street and Broadway. He was captured and
charged with burglary. t
' Albert H. Reichling has petitioned for
special letters of administration in the estate
01 Louis F. Reichllng, deceased, for the pur
pose of taking care of $15,000 worth of per
sonal property in tnls City.
The alarm of fire from box 17 a little after 1
o'clock yesterday was lor a blaze in Fook Sang
Lung's drugstore at 705 Jackson street, caused
by carelessness with a candle. Damage to the
drugs and store fixtures amounted to about
$700.
Sheriff Whelan has been sued by Mrs. Celine
Anderson for the recovery of $500, the value
of a restaurant outfit sold by the Sheriff de
spite the fact that Mrs. Anderson claimed the
1 roperty by virtue of a chattel mortgage held
by her.
Delmas & Shortridge, on behalf of Mrs. Mary
K. Hagarty and her minor daughter, have
m< d the Southern Pacific Company for $50,
--' 100 'lamages because of the accidental death
of Henry Hagarty, a locomotive engineer, on
the 9th of last October.
A mnss-meettng wai held at the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday, Mayor Phelan presiding,
lor thi- purpose of discussing the question of
uffurdiug relief to the famine-stricKen Hin
doos. a committee ol fifty was appointed to
consider ways and means.
It la sixty-sjx days since the Swanhilda, with
Murderer Butler aboard, galled from Newcas
tle; and yet there need be no alarm, as the
n.-ual pacsace time is nearly seventy days; the
ship's bottom is foul, and she may have mci
with calms and unfavorable winds.
Judge Carroll Cook has announced that he
will summarily dismiss all criminal appenis
lrom the Police Courts unless the papers are in
proper form or an affidavit is presented show
ing why the statement on appeal has not been
engrossed and signed by the Police Judge.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 48 Butter st.
TeL main 4tf. Furniture moved reasonably.*
AMERICAN AID
FOR THE HINDOO
San Francisco Will Re
spond to England's
Appeal.
The Executive Committee of
Fiity Appointed by Mayor
Pheian.
Expressions of Deep Sympathy at
Yesterday's Mass-Meeting—Tele
grams Received.
■ The mass-meeting convened yesterday
afternoon in the Chamber of Commerce
hall for the purpose of devising means for
the relief of the famine-stricken districts
of India was but sparsely attended,
though those present were fully entitled
to represent the most important interests
of San Francisco. The result of a brief
and amicable debate was the adoption of
a motion which empowered Mayor
Pheian to appoint a committee of ways
and means to consist of fifty members for
the purpose of determining the nature of
ths assistance to be afforded, together
with the arrangement of all other details
reiutive to the same.
Mayor Phelan having been introduced
as the chairman of the meeting by Presi
dent Craig of the Chamber of Commerce
said that the failure of the crops in India
had resulted in widespr ead famine to
which the bubonic plague had afterward
added its horrors. The distress was genu
ine and had assumed such proportions
that the English Government could not
cope with it. "The magnitude of the
calamity is such," continued Mayor
Phelan, "that the sympathy of the whole
world has been enlisted in that behalf."
He added that be had acted after consul
tation with I. J. Truman, president of the
Civic Federation and the Columbian
Banking Company, who had agreed to
make arrangements for the receipt of do
nations and their transmission to the
afflicted districts.
Telegrams had been received from the
chairman of the committee caring for the
distressed in India and from the Lord
Mayor of London, which afforded authen
tic evidence of the real condition of
affairs and the present need of relief.
With these facts before them he thought
the people of San Francisco could not but
respond to the call made.
The secretary, Captain W. L. Merry,
then read the following telegram received
from Sir Francis Maclean, Chief Justice
of Bengal and chairman of the relief com
mittee at Calcutta:
Xew York, Jan. 26, 1897.
Hon. Jamet D. Phelan, Mayor San Francisco,
CaL: Central committee Indian famine lund,
Calcutta, earnestly solicit your cordial co
operation, highest possible scope private be
nevolence outside State relief system. Area,
numbers affected, enormous. Distress rapidly
increasing. Feel sure unavoidable privations
millions industrious poor will arouse pro-
Jound sympathy of all classes, all nations.
Committee makes urgent appeal to you to or
ganize relief fund. Will be grateful contribu
tions which will be public'.y acknowledged.
Sic Fbanciß Maclean,
Chief Justice Bengal and Chairman Com
mittee, Calcutta.
A second important cable message, ad
dressed to the public, was received from
the Lord Mayor of London, stating that
he will accept aid from the public of
America with'profound gratitude, and will
ask the roj'al family to contribute to the
fund.
Archbishop Riordan wrote expressing
regret that illness prevented his attend
ance and ndding that the object of the
meeting nad his warmest sympathy aud
heartiest support.
Later iv the afternoon additional mess
ages were read from the Governors of
Nebraska, lowa, Oregon and Washington
proferring assistance in tho shape of food
stuffs.
The Right Rev. Bishop Nicbolls was
then requested by the chairman to address
the meeting. He said that the truest
recognition of the present necessity would
be in the shafce of names written at the
bottom of checks and by committees
promptly proceeding to materialize as
sistance. Modern civilization had tended
in a good many ways toward India.
Columbus started out for that country
and was surprised when his prows ran
against this continent of ours.
Key. Dr. Stebbins briefly described the
seriousness of the twofold calamity with
which India has been visited. The Eng
lish Government was deeply impressed by
this calamity, and had aheady remitted
to the afflicted country the sum of a mil
lion pounds, or $5,000,000.
Before the question was put Rabbi
Voorsanger made a few remarks. It was
not necessary, he said, to ada anything to
the excellent words which had been ut
tered. He believed in the whdom and ex
pediency of attending to this matter at
once, and that the committee suggested
could take it in hand. "I believe," he
said, "that thr real test of the humanity
of the community does not come from the
checks of the wealthy, but from the mites
of the poor, and in addition to the com
mittee of ways and means I suggest that
the people of San Francisco should be put
completely in touch who this movement
through the agency of public subscription
lists, to be opened in the press of the City,
so that those who cannot be reached by
this committee may swell the fund with
contributions from the municipality at
large. I maxe this motion."
The original motion and the amend
ment were then carried, together with
that of Rabbi Voorsanger, to the effect
that the qnestion of opening public sub
scriptions be referred to the committee
and solicited through the newspapers.
On motion of Rabbi Voorsanger the
Mayor was appointed chairman of the
committee.
Professor Davidson alluded to the im
portance of transportation and of deciding
at an early date as to the nature ol the
relief to be afforded. He stated that
during his travels in India in 1874 the
rice was brought to Rangoon by steamers,
and hud to be carried by bullock-wagons
into the starving districts. Maize, or
Indian corn, so far as he could ascertain,
did not grow there.
President Craig suggested the advisa
bility of leaving these details to the com
mittee, and Bishop Nichols further
moved that the committee be empowered
to bring the matter before the congrega
tions of the City at an early date. The
motion was adopted and the meeting
adjourned.
The committee subsequently chosen by
Mayor Phelan is as follows, subject to
revision :
Frank Janei, H. E. Huntington, Herman L.
E. Meyer, A. Hayward, Walter S. Hobart,
Joseph Grant, General J. F. Hough ton, A. B.
Forbes, Evan C. Evans, R. P. BcDwerlE, Colin
M. Boyd, George F. Boardman, Edward Cole
man, H. M. J. McMichael, Walter Powell,
William Steele, Mr. Bcott. R. D. Girvin, E. E.
Eyre, E. W. Ferguson, James Krlanger, Wil
liam Babcock, L. W. Storror, W. N. Hawley,
Frank Wh Utter, C. 8. Holmes, Thomas Magee,
Mayor Phelan, Clans Spreckels. George H.
Collins, C. S. Holmes, Daniel Meyer, a. Cnese
broiigh, Professor George Davidson. I. J, Tru
man, Rabbi Voorsauger, W. S. Chapman, Dr.
Btebbius, Louis Sloss, Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst,
Mrs. Leland Stanford, Mrs. Andrew Welsh, C.
F. Crocker, Levl Straus*, R. J. Tobin, W. W.
Clark, George A. Collins, J. H. English, P. N.
Ulienthal, A. Gerberding, J. J. Valentine.
Hyk;otic Inst., 6 O'Farrell, teach, treat. • j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
General View of Tolstoi Rookery — Swimming: Pups Landing Out on Sand Eeach in the Foreground
SOCIETY TO DON
SOCK AND BUSKIN
Belles and Beaux Prepare
to Play in Charity's
Cause.
Will Give "Caste" at the Bush-
Street Theater Just
Before Lent.
The Children's Hospital and the
Armitage Orphanage to Be
the Beneficiaries.
Dainty belles and popular beaux will
don the sock and buskin and for a merry
hour strut the dusty boards of the Bush
street theater for sweet charity's sane.
The performance is to take place before
Ash Wednesday and Tom Robertson's fa
mous comedy "Caste" is to be the bill.
The Children's Hospital and the Bishop
Armiage will jointly divide the receipts.
Major Hooper is actively interested in
the coming event, and that the affair is
to be a swell society one is a foregone con
clusion.
Mr. Cooper, who did some similar work
in the casting and managing of Mrs. Ha-
Charles Dickman.
ger's theatricals last season, is already
busily rehearsing the play, the parts of
which have been distributed as follows:
George d'Alroy Frank Mathieu
Captain Hautree E. Chipperton Chaser
Eccleß Charles Diokman
Sam Gerridge Frank Morris
Ksther Eccles Miss Burton
l'o ly Eucle? Miss Rose Hooper
Msrchoness d'Alroy Mrs. Robertson
These amateurs hnve bad considerable
experience in a society theatrical way.
Miss Hooper and Mr. Mathi'U were the
bright shining lights in the Hager private
theatricals.
Charles Dickruan, who is to play the
celebrated role of Eccles, has many times
achieved success on the amateur stage,
noticeably at the performance of the Re
liance Club of Oakland.
E. Chipperton Chnser is the norn de
theater under which Selden Hooper has
chosen to conceal his identity.
To-morrow at 11 a. m. Mrs. H. B.
Judah, Mrs. William A. Deane, Mr?. John
Middleton, Mrs. George Butler, Mrs. H. B.
tfo'hin, Mrs. J. H. Dickman, Mrs. I. Stein
hart and Miss May Hoffman will meet In
the parlors ot the Occidental Hotel and
make complete arrangements for the en
tertainment.
UNLAWFUL POKEB DEBT.
Judge Slack Decided That It Could Not
Be Collected in Court.
An interesting suit was called for trial
in Judge Slack's court yesterday. It was
an effort of A. It. Schafers to collect a
poker debt of $345 from 8. Atlell.
The claim was based on a note for the
amount regularly signed by Attell on the
Bth of October, 1895, and drawn in favor
of S. Hoffman.
Iv the answer of the defendant it was
alleged that the promissory note set forth
in the complaint was made and delivered
to the payee therein solely for and on ac
count of money won by said payee from
the defendant in a gambling transaction,
namely, in a game played with cards for
money, and that no other consideration
was given for the note.
The testimony of all the parties to the
litigation sustained this allegation and
Judge Slack at once gave judgment for
the defendant and directed that the plain
tiff pay the costs of court.
POLICE PENSION FUND ALL EIGHT
Judge Slack Say* That It Cnnnot Be
Declared Insolvent.
Judge Slack gave short shrift yesterday
to Counselor Clarke's petition to have the
police pension fund declared insolvent.
The matter came up on the demurrer of
the Commissioners having charge of the
fund, who alleged that the court had no
[From a photographic slide.]
right to consider the petition inasmuch as
the law does not grant the court jurisdic
tion over such organizations.
Deputy City and County Attorney Brc
becu represented the Police Commission
ers and argued in favor of the position
assumed by the demurrer.
Counselor Clarke made no direct reply in
regard to the question of jurisdiction, but
indulged in an oration touching the acts
of the Commissioners in paying out money
to J. F. Moran and others. In this he
ignored the claim of the Commissioners
that the money paid to Mora.n was for the
purpose of defending the suits instituted
against the fund by Mr. Clarke himself.
Judge Slack said it was clear that the
court had no jurisdiction of such a case,
and as it would be impossible to amend
the petition in a manner to bring it
within the provisions of the law the pro
ceedings were ordered dismissed.
GOOD WORK DONE.
Annual Meeting ot the German General
Benevolent Society and Election
of Officers.
The annual meeting of the German Gen
eral Benevolent Society was held last
night at Druids' Hall, Sutter street, and
there was a large attendance.
President Broemmel In hi* report stated
that the committee appointed at the last
quarterly meeting to consider the advisa
bility ot erecting a new hospital had come
to the conclusion that the present hospital
was amply sufficient for all requirements
for some years yet, and that it was not
necessary to erect a new building. It was
I recommended that the building fund,
i which during the past year had increased
to nearly $10,000, should be H3ed as a nu
cleus for the new building and to be added
to every year till the necessity fora new
building arose. The recommendation was
adopted.
The cash on hand amounted to $15.
--| 17641, a gain over last year of $9846 57.
! The total receipts were $36,635 59, mi
i eluding a legacy of $2000 from Isaac Hecht
and $500 from Leslie E. Morgan. The so
ciety had assisted 2700 people with money,
meals and lodging at an expenditure of
$903715. Besides twenty persons had re
ceived free treatment at the hospital at
the society's expense. Work had been
procured for 414 men and boys and
seventy-nine women and girls. The total
membership was now 3182, a gain over
last year of 174. . :
The following officers were elected:
President, B. Broemmel; first vice-presi
dent, Charles E. Hansen; second vice
president, Rudolph Herold Jr.; recording
secretary, William Herrmann; financial
' se;retary, Hermann Daseking; - treasurer,
Fred C. Siebe; directors, for two years —
C. Goec&er, Edmund Kollofrathand Louis
Zeiss.
EMPEROR WILLIAM I.
Dentacher Krieger Verein and Veterans
of the German Army to Celebrate
His Birthday.
Tke Dentscher Krieger Verein and the
Veterans of the German Army have com
bined to fittingly celebrate the one hun
dreth anniversary of the birth of the late
Emperor William 1 of Germany on Sun
day, March 21.
Delegates were appointed from the two
societies, and they met last week and
formed themselves into a committee of ar
rangements, with A. Franker president
and George Thanwald secretary. Another
meeting will be held to-night to discuss
matters.
The celebration will take the shape of a
festival, and will commence with literary
exercises, including a prologue to be de
livered by a young lady, and a speech
eulogistic of the late Emperor by Presi
dent FranKer. There will be choruses by
the singing societies of the Deutscher
Krieger, appropriate tableaux and a ball
will conclude the festivities.
The gentlemen who have charge of the
arrangements are determined to make
ttie event a success, and one that will long
be remembered with pleasure by the Ger
man residents of the City.
LEVIN BROS. STORES.
The stores of Levin Bros., leading cash
grocers, situated at 1324-1326 Market
street, and 134 Sixth street, will open for
business to-morrow (Saturday).
* H. WOLF& BRO., Proprietors.
Hurt iv a Coaching Accident.
Mrs. Winnifred Sheehy, by her attorneys,
Reddy, Campbell & Metson, has sued the
Bartlett Springs Company and C. C. Clark for
$25,000 on account of injuries received by her
in an accident. She was riding to the
springs, when a stage-coach owned by the de
fendants was overturned, breaking five of her
ribs, fracturing her collar-bone and injuring
her spine. By reason of these hurts sue has
sincj been sick and incapacitated for her usual
household duties. For this reason she thinks
that the sum claimed would be a preper com
pensation for her sufferings and loss oi health.
• ■» — • 1
A Thermometer Free.
Wabner's Kafe Cure Co. of Rochester, N, V.,
are Bending out a limited number of accurate
spirit thermometers graduated from 20 degrees
below zero to 120 degree* above and mounted on
heavy 4x6 Inch cardboard, in red and green, by
mall, free to any address on receipt of 2 cents In
stumps to pay postage. To be sure, this free dis
tribution is intended to advertise the celebrated
Warner's Safe Kidney and Liver Cure (see adver-
Using columns), but nevertheless the thermometer
will be found to be a useful as well as ornamental
article for the home or office and well worth the
little trouble and expense of sending for it.
Held for Grand Larceny.
Q. J. Lapizander, a bookkeeper, was yester
day hold to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan in $500 bonds on the charge
of grand larceny. The complaining witness
was Mrs. Frances Silver, Powell street. Lapi
zander hud been paying his addresses to Mrs.
Silver's young daughter, and induced her to
steal a diamong ring belonging to her mother
valued at $250, which he pawned.
Held for Forgery.
Louis Seis was yesterday held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Joachimsen
on two charges of forgery in $1000 bonds on
eacli charge. He forged orders on Jacob
Unna & to. and M. Marks for four dozen
knives and fork*. Two charges against him
of obtaining goods by false pretenses were con
liuued for thirty days.
FUR SEALS OF
THE FAR NORTH
President Jordan Tells of
the "Sea Bears" of
Alaska.
Thousands of Pups Are Trampled
to Death by the Fight
ing Bulls.
How Scientists Stretched Forth Hu
mane Hands to Save Yonng Seals
From Death.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University delivered an interesting
illustrated lecture al Ooiden Gate Hall
last night on "The Fur Seal, or Sea Bear
of Alaska."
Before touching on the subject of seals
the speaker dwelt at some length on the
extent of Alaska and its picturesque won
ders. He showed views of sublime Mount
St. Elias, towering 20,000 feet above the
Arctic Ocean, described the marvelous
volcanoes and volcanic islands of the far
north, and tola of the wonderful rookeries
infested by thousands of seals. The talk
was interesting and informal throughout,
and the audience greatly enjoyed the photo
opticon views, which were unusually good.
The speaker pave a lncid account of the
expedition of Gerassim Pribilof, and in
cluded a brief history of the lur-seal
islands, which were bought from Russia
in 1868 and leased to the Alaska Commer
cial Company in 1870. He showed how
there has been a great decline of the herds,
owing 10 an indiscriminate killing.
One of the interesting fsatures of the
lecture was the educator's account of how
he and other scientific explorers went to
great pains to arrange many of the rook
eries so that the young pups will not be
killed during the lights of the bulls during
the coming season.
'"During the fighting season among the
bulls," said the speaker, "they trample
thousands of pups to death. On one bat
tleheld alone we counted 14,900 dead pups
that had been tramped upon by the an
pered bulls in their deadly combats. We
threw hundreds of big stones over the
rookery so that the pups will be protected
hereafter.''
In conclusion the lecturer said he hoped
for an amicable and honorable settlement
at an early date of the many vexatious
questions that have arisen between Great
Britain and this country on the seal ques
tion.
FOR HUSBAND AND FATHER.
Mary K. Hngarty and Her DaujhterSuo
the Southern Pacillc,
Delmas & Shortridge yesterday insti
tuted an action at law on behalf of Mrs.
Mary E. Hagarty and Mary Margaret
Hagarty, a minor, against the Southern
Pacific Company for $50,000 damages.
Mrs. Hagarty is the widow and Mary Mar
garet is the daughter of Henry Hagarty,
who was killed by an accident on the rail
road near Palo Alto on the 9th of last Oc
tober.
The complaint sets forth that on the
date mentioned Henry Hagarty was em
ployed by the company as a locomotive
engineer on an engine attached to a freight
train, and when the train was near the
station of Palo Alto, by reason of the
"negligence and defective manner in
which the track, sidings, switches and
ways of said railroad were constructed,"
and by reason of the negligence of the de
fendant, the engine was wrecked and
Hagarty was, without fault on his part, so
injured that ne died.
At the time of his death Mr. Hagarty
was 36 years of age and in the enjoyment
of perfect health. He was a railroad en
gineer by occupation, and nis services
were then, and for a long time prior
thereto, had been worth and he had been
actually receiving $125 a month.
THE QUACKENBUSH SUIT.
Judge Seawell Still Listening to In
teresting Testimony.
Judge Seawell's court was crowded yes
terday by venerable citizens and a few
younger persons who are interested in the
litigation of Thomas M. Quackenbush and
Sarah Abbott Quackenbusb.
Mrs. Warren and Mrs. Stanley testified
to hearing Mrs. Quackenbush introduce
Mr. Quackenbush as her husband and be
made no objection.
Mrs. Quacken bush's son, George Abbott,
testified that Quackenbush acknowledged
to him the legality of the marriage con
tract.
A. J. Morrell, a cousin of Quackenbush,
admitted that he saw the contract, but
said that Quackenbush denied its validity.
Appraisement of Estates.
Estates in probate have been appraised as
follows: Estate of William Hollis, $25,473 73,
subject to debts outstanding against the
deceased amounting to $23.036 73; estate of
Katherine Foley, $2000; estate of Francis J.
Clarke, $200.
CASTORIA
For Infants and. Children;
Th« fs9- /? .
limils /y SSifsr "" **••
OFFICIAL HEADS
WEAR HEW CROWNS
General Changes in San
Francisco and North Pa
cific Road.
Superintendent Corballey's Res
ignation Accepted by the
Directors.
Dividend No. 4, cf $30,000, Was De
clared—No Change in tha Train
Service.
A change in management h3s been
adopted for this year by the directors of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
road. The directors met last Wednesday
afternoon. At that time there was the
first dull thud of the official ax and the
head of one of the most prominent officers
of the road rolled into the list of the un
employed. Official titles were metamor
phosed, being added to and subtracted
from, and more work was partialed out
among a decreased number of officials. It
is understood among the employes of the
railroad that the policy of retrenchment
is to be pursned farther and they do not
know exactly where they are at.
It is feared the guillotine will be run
along the main line and branches and
sidetracked to do some wore at way sta
tions and division points.
Superintendent W. G. Corballey is the
man who presented his resignation to
General Manager H. C. Whiting, and
through him to President A. W. Foster. It
followed the usual lcd-tape methods and
got finally before the board of directors,
where it was acted upon.
W. G. Corballey has been with the road
so long that he has almost grown gray in
its service. His connection with the sys
tem began as a peanut butcher. Next be
emerged into public view as a brakeman.
his next promotion brought him a train,
and the honors of superintendent of the
whole system were finally bestowed upon
him, which position he has held a number
of years. There is said to be not a man.
woman or child, a cross-tie or a fish-plate
from Tiburon to Ukiali that he does not
know.
The other changes are as follows:
In addition to his duties as president
President Foster was also made general
inanaeer. H. C. Whiting resigned as gen
eral manager and was appointed general
superintendent. The office of superin
tendent was abolished. Mr. Whiting's
headquarters will be at San Rafael or
Tiburon. F. K. Zook, chief engineer, has
been appointed assistant superintendent
in addition to his duties as civil engineer.
At the meeting the directors also de
clared dividend 4 of 60 cents per share, or
$30,000.
The official changes will not in the least
affect the operation of the road. President
Foster said, in fact, that it is the aim of
the company to improve the service. No
action was taken in regard to a reduction
in the price of commutation tickets.
A NEW LEADING LADY.
Miss Lorena Atwood to Temporarily
Replace Miss Victory Bateman at
the Grand.
The leading lady who temporarily re
places Miss Bateman at the Grand is Miss
Lorena Atwood, who is reported to be a
very clever young woman, and who has
held several responsible positions in East
ern companies. In private life this lady
is Mrs. Clarence Arper, who is well known
in local theatrical circles.
It has not yet been decided who will per
manently play leads at this theater, but
the management are in communication
with several, and will soon make known
their choice.
• — « — •
Asa Fisk Recognizes His Son.
For the first time In the history of his ex
tensive litigation Asa Fisk yesterday en
trusted a suit for a considerable sum of money
HEW TO-DAY.
II j jjiJ
That's It I
That's the food-drink that gives
health and nourishment and
animal heat ; comparative food
- tests at Berkeley show that .
Ghirardelli's
COCOA
contains far more nutriment
than meat, eggs, fish or vege-
tables twice the fat forming
elements of steak, three times
that of eggs.
32 cups 25c. . At Grocers
anew TO-DAY— amusements.'
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Uas.KB.NKsn.VK Krkt,tn-». Proprietor <£ Jiaa»i«
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME — —
'",'■ Wallace's Ballad Opera,
"MARITANA!"
RHYS THOMAUas Don t'iEiar. V
. TNES RKMYNUXON as Marltana.
JOHN J. EAFFAKL as Don Jose.
BEKNICK HOLMES as LazarlllO.
W. H. WEST as the King, etc.
TO-MORROW EVENING
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTItA VAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
IBBHiM&ff A Hodge-Podge of
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
PoDulaV Price5... .......25c sn-i 500
COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH.
GOLDEN GATE HALL, SCTTKK ST.,
■•» Next Sunday Night, January 31. , f.
- Sermon :" "The hellglon of the Twentieth; Cen-
tury." Sittings free.
KEY. HAROLD BOLCE, Pastor.
. KZVJ TO- DAT?
is Poor '■
ipngarlic; I
i I ]{
I there is no need for ' you jsj
H to contemplate a wig |
!^ when you can enjoy the KJ
H pleasure of sitting again $
lljj under your own "thatch." j|
ftjj You can begin to get [$
j^ your hair back as soon $
jo as you begin to use $
I Ayer's 1
I Hair Vigor. 1
in the hands of his son, Arthur G. Fist, a
riling young attorney. The action is for $1000
on a note dated September 2, 1889. and signed
by James B. Roberts and Charles Monßomery,
with interest from the mating of the note. As
security for the payment of the money a life
insurance policy in favor of Mr. Roberts was
deposited with Mr. Fisk, and on this he paid
premiums amounting to $850 OS. This sum
he asks the court to add to tue claim, against
the defendants.
...,.,.< ., -, - . i. » » ♦
A DRAWING CAED.
Modjeska's Ideal Performance of
"Magda" Brings Big Houses to
the Baldwin.
"Magus, 1 ' now being so delightfully
presented by Modjeska and her support*
ing company at the Baldwin Theater, will
remain the strong drawing card to-night
and Saturday matinee. On Saturday
evening "Mary Stuart" will be presented,
when we will have the pleasure of wit
nessing the actress' great impersonation
of the luckless Queen of Scots. The sec
ond and last week of the engagement will
begin next Monday night, when "Mac
beth" is to be the bill. A single perform
ance of "Adrienne Lecouvreur" ia an
nounced for next Thursday evening.
Louis James will begin an engagement
at the Baldwin Theater on Monday, Feb
ruary 8, presenting a grand revival of Dr.
Bird's tragedy, "Spartacus."
SEW TO-DAT.
Ordinary tea is bad for
the stomach, and a bad
stomach makes weak
nerves.
Schilling's Best made ac-
cording to directions is not
bad for the stomach. It is
good for the stomach; it is
good for the nerves; it is
nerve-food.
At grocers' in packages.
A Schilling & Company
Sqn u r1 »-:.-.n, «■-"
KEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
f niCDLAfifIIAGOrTIOD « cp-jli mm a.to ruuvuitßi • • •
THE NEW KEATUKKS ARE IMMENSE!
THEDHVILi'S AUCTION
Complete Change of all Features. Ballets, Spe-
cialties. Costumes and Novelties. Finest Presenta-
tion in this City of the new Pantomimic Kpisode.
"THE BIKE CRAZE." All the hits Of the past
week retained. All the gorgeous scenery, costum-
ing and effects. Yon can't afford to miss it. -
IKTaEOCT M[O3NrDA.Y-r-
- ANNUAL REVIEW!
That Famously Funny Farce,
"THE PRODIGAL FATHER!"
More or Less Up to Pate. All New Features.
The Greatest Mirth-Provoking Farce-Comedy
Kver Written. ._
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUayman & Co. (Incorporated) Propri9io;t
ONLY 8 NIGHTS MORE.
Assisted by the Sterling Actor, Mr.
JOSBPHHAWORTH,
TO-NIGHT I Lust 2 Times,
And u\\ ApTjA I"
SAT. MAT. I iVI AVjrUiA.l
Saturday Evening, "MARY STUART."
Next week— Monday, Tuesday and Saturday
nights, "MACBETH." Wed. and I'rl. and Bat.
Mac, "MARY STUART." Thursday, Feb. i,
"ADRIENNE LECOUVRKUR."
MOROSCO'S ;
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoI9 Lessee and Mat»i9:
FUN — -EXCITEMENT FUN
Initial Production on the Pacific Coast of
"ORPHANS OF SEW YORK!"
A Sensational Comedy Drama of Life
in a Big CUy.
2— BIG FIRE SCENES 3
Splendid Scenery! Strengthened Cast!
Many Funny Specialties ! t
.FvrTiiiiT Price*— 100, ••>,%<> »ntl ".Oi.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY *Z
. The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Kartb. •
ALCIDE CAPITA 1 NE, the Female Sandow.
BhSS'IK CLAYTON
The Renowned "Back-Kick" Dancer,
- AND GRKAT OLIO OF NOVELTIES!
Reserved seats. »sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera- chairs
and box-seats, doc.
SPECIAL!— CaIIs by telephone will be
answered until 8 o'clock every evening.
A If 1 A 83 I TO-NIGHT
HLvftfaflll to-night
TU.K (i KA I J.AUOUING COMEDY,
••ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
If you feel depressed, see it !
• It 1* the best cure for the blues!
All doctors soy it is a nerve bracer! .
HUGO IOLAND, J. B. POLK
And All the Favorites
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c and 500.
Phone for seats— BlacK 991.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack in America.
RACM 2§gate RACHG
Racing From Monday, Jan. 25, to Satur-
day, February 0, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
: FIRST HACK AT 3P. M. .
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. m.
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad«
mission to Grounds. SI. OO.
. TaKe Mlsslon-st. electric line direct to tracs.
- The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January SO. ■
The Hobart Stakes Saturday, February 8. •
A. li. SPRKCKELa, President.
W. 8. Lkake, Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. >1. to 6 I*. SI.
Swimming Session 1897." -
Bathing, Including Admission—
'-!sc. Children £t)c. ■ ■
General Admission, 10c ; Children, So*
78
TWO BOARDS OF EDUCATION
CHARGED WITH EXTRAVAGANCE
Ex- President Hyde Accuses Them of Nepotism and
Gross Jobbery.
GRAVE CHARGES MADE.
He Says Buildings Are Repaired
and Places Made for Di
rectors' Relatives.
AUDITOR BRODEBICK SCORED.
The Ex-School Director Makes a Sweep
ing Accusation That Funds
Are Squandered.
The controversy between the chairman
of the Finance Committee of the present
Board of Education and the chairman of
the last board promises to assume far
wider proportions than either one im
agined at the outset. F. A. Hyde, ex
president of various boards of education,
has entered the arena to lodge grave accu
sations against the last two boards. He
makes specific cnarges of great extrava
gance and nepotism.
Mr. Hyde's contention is that the School
Directors have no power to divide the
school fund and that the Auditor has no
right to withhold the payment of any bills
approved by the Board of Education pro
vided the one-twelfth act is not violated.
Speafcmg of Mr. Hyde's allegations in
Thursday's Call Auditor Broderict said
last night:
"I am acting under legal advice, govern
ing myself by the statutes of 1871-72 and
of 1875-76. According to my attorney's
views I have a right to respect the con
tract for the Mission Hi?h School and to
refuse to touch any such funds as may
have been set aside for that purpose. Ido
not think Mr. Hyde's opinion worth any
tning, for he is away off on the facts and
the law."
Mr. Hyde, however, reiterates his accu
sations of extravagance and violation of
tae law.
"There is a striking object lesson in
what the Board of Education did last
night," said Mr. Hyde yesterday. "They
had hardly warmed their chairs until they
appointed an inspector for two years at
$200 a month to inspect — nothing. They
pretend that he is to inspect the Mission
iiigh School. Whenever there is anything
in sight to inspect it will be found that
the architect has been paid and hired to
do the inspecting. The truth is this is a
fat job for somebody's friend. This board
promised wonders in the way of economy.
What is it doing? It has dismissed no
body, cut short no expenses; but has be
gun to create fat places for its friends."
Continuing in the same strain Mr.
Hyde said:
The enormous increase in the expenses of
the department chargeable to tbe creation of
unnecessary positions and the employment of
unnecessary teachers is strikingly exemplified
in tbe estimate of expenditures presented last
evening to tbe Board of Education by the
chairman of the Finance Committee. He esti
mates tbat for the first six months of this year
the sum of $453,117 75 will be required for
teachers' salaries, which is at the rate of
$906,235 50 per annum. For the fiscal year
1893-94 tne total sum expended lor teachers'
salaries amounted to $814,110 39. For tbe
closing half year during the administration of
the same board the expenditure was §408,
--034 80.
This would show an average teacher's salary
list of about $815,000 per annum. Thus it
appears that the last Board of Education In
creased tne salary list alone about $90,000
per annum. While there has been a gradual
Increase in the expenses of the department
from 1884-85 to the piesent time no such re
markable increase in any one administration
bas heretofore been shown. The average
daily attendance of pupils in 1893-94 was about
83,000. This attendance has been increased
by about 1500. Such an attendance aa that,
scattered through the School Department,
would necessitate the employment of but few,
If any, additional teachers, for it never hap
pens tbat tie classes are full. In fact at a
time when the minimum number for one
class was placed at fifty the actual average
attendance was only about forty-three. If
every class in the department, however, had
been full, and it were necessary to employ
additional teachers for the 1500 additional
pupils, only thirty additional teachers would
have been required. As a matter of fact the
actual number required would be nearer five,
and yet there are in the department about
seventy-five teachers more than there were
three years ago.
The sentiment of the Supervisors and of '.he
people has been that $1,000,000 per annum
was enough to conduct the schools; and, out
of that, the Directors are obliged to appoi t.on
over $900,000 for salaries, leaving a litttw over
$90,000 per annum to pay all of the other
running expenses, out of which about $40,000
is disbursed for janitors and others receiving
fixed salaries.
Mr. Hyde's indictment of extravagance
relers to Superintendent Babcock on the
question of back salaries, and is as fol
lows :
The law provides for a City board of ex
amination, who may examine applicants for
teachers' certificates and grant two grades of
certificates— primary and sramraar grade.
The primary-grade teachers are authorized to
teach only in primary schools, and their
maximum pay is considerably less than that
ot a person hold ine a grammßr-jtrade certifi
cate, notwithstanding that they may teach in
the same classes.
About the year 1887, while B. C. Stone was
chairman of the Clarification Committee, the
Board of Education passed a rule allowing
applicants for teachers' certificates 1 percent
extra for each year of successful experience
in teaching, not exceeding 10. Shortly there
alter, the Board of Examiners, misunaerstaud-
ing the rule of the Board of Education, rec
ommended that several teachers, numbering
about twelve in all, should receive various ex
tra credits for experience, and added the
same to the credits which they had previously
received on their primary-grade certificates,
thereby making the average of 85 per cent
and, on the strength of that result, gave them
grammar-grade certificates. The Board of Ed
ucation,* later, discovered this error and an
nulled the action >jy which these grammar
grade certificates had been granted.
Miss Annie Hines, who was one of the teach
ers who received a certificate in this manner,
entered a suit against the Board of Education
for the recovery of her grammar-grade certi
ficate, and also lor the payment of back salary,
the difference between the salary of a prim
ary-grade teacher and that of a grammar
grade teacher. Before the action In court was
settled, however, Miss Hines entered an ex
amination and, in the proper manner, se
cured a grammar-grade certificate. The suit
in court, notwithstanding, went on to a final
issue upon the question of salary; only, and,
during the last six months, it was decided oy
Judge Murphy in favor of Miss Hines.
During the time that the application was
pending in the Board of Examination, and
also while It was being considered by the
Board of Education in 1887, and subse
quently, while the matter was being consid
ered in court before Judtre Murphy, Superin
tendent Babcock always favored the side of
Miss Hines as against the Board of Education;
and it is supposed that it was largely through
his influence and testimony that the court
decided in her favor. The Superintendent,
on various occasions, both in the Board of
Education and in the committee of the whole
of the board (which is simply a private meet
ing of the members) urged the Board of Edu
cation not to appeal the case to the Supreme
Court, and also urged that the payment of the
back salary, amounting to about $700. be
made to her.
The attorney for the Board of Education,
William Grant, was strongly of the opinion
that Judge Murphy erred in giving the judg
ment in favor of Miss Hines, and recommended
the Board of Education to appeal the case. So
sure was he of the accuracy of his position
that he offered to bear all the expenses of car
rying the case to the Supreme Court, and to
charge no fee for his services; and, even fur
ther, he offered to pay the interest which had
accrued by reason of the delay in paying the
judgment; but the Board of Education refused
to order the case appealed to the Supreme
Court aud paid me judgment.
Superintendent Babcock called the atten
tion of the Board of Educatiou to the claims
of Miss L. A. Orr and Miss E. L. Williamson
and urged tnat they should be paid their back
salaries on the ground that their claims were
similar to that of Miss Hines. The amount of
money involved In these two claims is about
$700 and $500 respectively. The Board of
Education postponed consideration of the
recommendation of the Superintendent from
time to time, buf finally, just before going out
of office, these two claims were included in a
report of the Committee of Finance, which re
port was not read in detail to the board, and
the claims were allowed and ordered paid and
sent to the Auditor for approval. So little was
known about it that the Directors who had
persistently opposed these claims from the be
ginning voted in favor thereot without know
ing what they were voting for. These claims
arc now before the Auditor and not yet paid.
Two of the three teachers referred to have
since procured first-grade certificates, so that
the decision affects them only in the matter
of back pay, but the third holds a second
grade certificate, and the action oi the board
will necessitate paying her about $12 a
month extra in the future.
Among other contracts the board made one
with the Whittaker & Ray Company of this
City to furnish all subscription books at speci
fied discounts. Among these books was the
subscription edition of Webster's Dictionary.
Ignoring this contract the Supply Committee
purchased from some Eastern agent 100
copies of the dictionary for $10 80 each,
amounting to $1080, and the books were de
livered. To cover up the transaction it was
arranged that the bill should t>e divided into
ten parts, and that, each month, a bill lor
one-tenth ot the whole should be presented to
tbe board.
Payments have been made aud It is ex
pected that the new board will meet the bal-,
ance as they become due.
When School Director McElroy came into
office nis daughter was a primary teacher in
the department. Through his influence he
had her elected to '.he prineipalship of the
Harrison Primary School, situated on Grove
sueet, westoi Larkin. The building was an
old, dilapidated structure, unfit for school
purposes, not only by reason of defective cou.
struction, but because of old age and lack oi
repairs. There is no necessity of maintaining
a primßry school in that locality. There was
abundant seating room for all of the children
in that neighborhood in tbe surrounding
schools; but, Instead of abolishing the school
when the prineipalship become vacant, the
board appointed Miss McElroy as principal;
and McElroy, as chairman of the Committee
on Buildings and Grounds, induced the board
to order the building repaired, and over $5000
was spent on the school building and yards.
The North Cosmopolitan School is one of the
old buildings and should be torn down. A
new building of the same capacity could be
erected for about $30,000. Tiie late Board of
Education ordered repairs to be made whicn
cost $17,000, without increasing the capacity
of the school.
The Webster Bchool is situated in the rear of
the Lincoln School building, ana consists of
two buildines, poorly constructed. It was
found about a year and a hull ago that there
was vacant class room in the surrounding
schools, and that the pupils from the Webster
School could be conveniently accommodated
therein. School Director Henderson made a
strong fight to have the Webster School
abolished, and at least five directors were in
favor thereof; but the majority prevailed and
the school is still running, while there is
abundant room for the pupils in schools near
by.
Something over a year ago the Directors
made a great show of intention to abolish the
Normal School. They said at that time that
the school should be abolished at the end of
the year. It was not abolished but was con
tinued, and one of the last acts of the late
board was the election of a so-called vice
principal. This was not only entirely unne
cessary, but is said to have been against the
wishes of the principal.
During the past two years an immense
quantity of fnrniture and school supplies has
been purchased from C. F. Weber & Co. It
will be interesting to follow down the pur
chase and see what goods this firm
sold the department during that time.
About $1000 worth ot maps were recently
bought of C. F. Weber & Co. They were pur
chased out. of the Library Fund, depleting it
so as to make it impossible for the teachers to
get what library books they need.
The board has usually employed about thirty
teachers, known as the substitute class. It is
to this class that appointments are made. The
board of 1893-94 made no appointments to that
ciass, except, as the result of competitive ex
aminations. The last board had a ruie provia
ing for t>ucb examinations, but uever made an
appoiutment thereunder. All aipoinuaents
were made under suspension of rules, and as
a result of bargaining and trading among the
memoers. On January 1, 1895, there were
about 891 teachers employed. On the Ist of
January, 1897, the b<>ard had increased the
number to about 956. On Junusry 1,1895, there
were 27 day-school substitutes on the payroll.
On January 1. 1897 there were 35 under pay
and 6 not under pay, and about 8 unas&igned
teachers, making a total oi about 50 day
school teachers in the department not in
charge of classes, besides 12 in the evening
schools. The average number ol teachers
actually employed In the day schools, to do
substitute work, is about 15, and in the even
ing school.s the average number of substitutes
actually at work is about 2.
The following school bu.ldings are old and
dilapidated and should be torn down as fast as
they can be replaced: Harrison, Longfellow,
Marshall, Redding and Webster. Most of the
money that is spent in repairing buildings
goes into these schools. A good school build
ing uses very little money for repairs during
the year. Every new board that comes in
makes a itrong showing of the amount thatis
necessarjr for school repairs and instances
these buildings. They ought not to be re
paired. Tbe policy of the board of 1893 and
1894 wan to keep them In habitable order.
Money that is spent on extensive repairs is
thrown away.
Mr. Hyde thinks there is more reckless
extravagance, nepotism and jobbery in
the scno la of San Francisco than in any
other department of the government. .He
say» matters are con trolled by apolitical
ring and that some people do not work at
any visible occupation after they become
School Directors.
Hypkotic lam., treaiuu, leucluin;, 6 O'FaxrelL*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897. f~
FORMS OF BLANKS
USED BY COONEY
Lees Succeeds in Introduc
ing a Big Batch of
Deeds.
The Notary's Name Appears in
Print on All of the Ac
know'edgments.
Detectives Assert That Only in the
Craven Documents Wa> the
Crocker Csrt ficate Used.
The prosecution in the Cooney case
scored a point yesterday, when it was
opened for the introduction of some forty
documents acknowledged by Cooney,
which the detectives have gathered dur
ing the past four months. These docu
ments were dragged into court to prove
that the young notary was in tbe habit of
using a notarial form with his printed
name, instead of the general acknowledg
ments on the print?d deeds.
These papers and deeds cover the period
between August, 1893, and December, 1894.
They have been gathered from the lour
corners of the State, and if of no relevancy
in the case, as Cooney's attorneys con
tend, are at Jeasc evidence that tbe police
have bestirred themselves to a consider
able extent in making the collection.
These instruments include two made on
tbe day preceding the date of the pencil
deeds, while one of them, a conveyance
by Joseph Ennght of some property in
the Mission to his wife, was acknowledged
on the same day as the forms of the deeds
would seem to have been signed. Now,
in the case of the Euright deed Cooney
used a blank about the size and shape of
an ordinary bank check, with his name
printed on it.
In the majority of the acknowledgments
attached to the batch of instruments
brought in by Lees and the District Attor
ney this particular form of blank was
used. In the remainder a form somewhat
larger in size was adopted. Cooney's
name, however, appears on it in type,
and it was this very fact that caused the
District Attorney to drag the documents
into court. Arguing by inference the
logic of the prosecution ran in this wise:
On all deeds, with the exception of the
documents of Mrs. Craven, Cooney used a
notarial blank with his name printed on
it. Ergo, is this not a strange and pecu
liar urray o. facts?
The fact that they have deeds bearing a
date later than that of the pencil will tbat
Cooney acknowledged with forms contain
ing his printed name die detectives cite
as proof that he was not oat of that par
ticular style of blanks on September 27,
1894. They would go a step farther and
say that Cooney never used me general
form of blanks on the Craven deeds in the
course of his regular business. They say
they have ransacked the State, from
Shasta to Indio, and can find no deeds or
other documents acknowledged' by Cooney
with a general notarial blank. This
might or might not be so. but the defen
dant maintained it could be of no earthly
significance in his case.
What more natural, asked Reddy, than
that Cooney used two sets of blanks, as is
the custom of every notary, and that
when James G. Fair called on him to
have tiie pencil deeds witnessed the
notarial form that was first at hand
was used? Cooney had admitted, said
Keddy, that he find blanks with his name
printed upon them.
District Attorney Hosmer was tooth
and nail ior getting the result of the
detectives' wort in the way of collecting
Cooney acknowledgments into court and
have them duly scheduled as "exhibits"
or something else in the famous case. It
was a theory of the prosecution, argued
Hosmer, that Cooney never used such
blanks as appear on tbe pencil deeds, but
was accustomed to use what is Known as
an individual form.
Attorney Reddy came back with his
famous metaphor of the beefsteak and the
turkey. Because Cooney had blanks with
bis name printed upon them was no
reason why he had not the general lorm
of acknowledgment. Because he was in
the kabit of using the individual form in
seme instances was no proof that he did
not also at times use the other form. On
these lines the opposing attorneys fought
it out, with a result that Magistrate Cook
finally allowed the documents to come
into court for "what they were worth."
It look Detective Seymour half a day to
formally identify each deed or instrument
as they were presented to him. They
were irom all parts of the State, and
when finally piled up in court mude a
formidable array of real estate exhibits.
Tiie Enright deeds had first place, prob
ably because on the preceding day it
came to grief in the beefsteak and turkey
logic.
Reddy put Seymour through a some
what extended cross-examination. The
detective said that he had gained posses
sion of the Enright deed about Decem
ber 18.
"How did you come to make inquiries i
in this case?" asked Reddy.
"1 was detailed by Captain Lees," was
the reply.
"How long before the filing of the com
plaint against Cooney was this?"
"I began work on the case September
27 last."
There was no charge then pending
against Cooney?"
"No, sir."
''Then why were you investigating the
case?"
"As I understand the matter it was re
ported to Captain Lees. At any rate,
Captain Lees detailed me on the case."
"When you started out on your search
you were, of course, informed what the
object of the police inquiry was?"
"Yes, sir."
"State what this purpose was."
"Well, on September 26 Captain Lees
called me into his office and stated that
the Craven deeds and will had been re
ported to him as forgeries. He said he
had be?n asked to investigate the matter
and detailed me at once on the caae."
"Did you receive any further instruc
tions?"
"Well, as Captain Lees was in charge of
the case. I was in consultation with him
'from time to time.' "
"Well, when did yen include Cooney in
your searches?"
"Well, as soon as the pencil will was
dropped I turned my attention to the
deeds."
"You kept a record of the various wills
in the Fair case presented to the Probate
coun?"
"Well, I remember something about
them."
"Yon were informed that the Fair people
believed themselves injured?"
"I was informed that the Fair heirs had
made a complaint to Captain Lees."
"Up to the time the pencil will was with
drawn you devoted your search to that
document, you say— gathering evidence to
prove tnut it w»« a forgery?"
•'Yes, sir."
"After that what instructions did you
receive from Captain Lees?"
•'He toid me to try to collect all the
deeds Cooney had acknowledged as a no
tary."
"You understood the purpose of that
inquiry?"
"Oh, yes — to find evidence to prove that
the acknowledgments on the pencil deeds
were false."
"You have produced here all those
kinds of deeds?"
"Oh, yes."
"You had two objects — one was to prove
the falsity of the acknowledgments, and
the other was to find evidence to convict
Cooney of perjury?"
"That's correct."
"Now, as a public officer, what object
had you in securing evidence to show that
the deeds were not genuine?"
"Well, I suppose it was in anticipation
that more people would be arrested if :his
investigation continues."
"As a public officer, have you ever been
requested to investigate the genuineness
of a deed to property where the parties
were not millionaires?"
"I don't think I have."
"Have you ever investigated deeds or a
will where the parties were millionaires?"
"This is the first one."
"You have never been asked before to
ascertain if a will or deed was false or
genuine?"
"No, sir."
Captain Lees followed to increase the
number of documents acknowledged oy
Cooney by seven mortgages.
Butler Smith was called to show a deed
Cooney had acknowledged for him on
September 26, 1894. Attorney Hugh J.
Jones had a simiiar exhibit of the date of
September 22, 1894. In each case Cooney
bail used an individual blank, and they
were all labeled in turn and turned over
to the custody of the court clerk.
District Attorney Hosnier then at
tempted to get J. O. Jebsen to say that he
had printed those lorrus of blanks for
Cooney, but the Magistrate threw the evi
dence out of court. v
John F. Lyon-«, who »ucceeded Cooney
NEW TO-DAY.
#PRINGLE BROS.
FROM 000 FELLOWS' BUILDING
yr 1023 MARKET ST.
® Our reputation for furnishing he HriST in the sMOE line V
g for the least money shall be maintained. r
® We are now situated so as to deal more liberally than ||j
® ever before.
1 1023— MARKET STREET— IO23. I
as a notary, was called for the prosecution
to say that he had fallen heir to a number
of Cooney's blanks, all of which were of
the individual form. It transpired that
Lyons has an office at 607 Montgomery
s-treet. He was appointed a notary first
in 1884. For about two months previous to
Cooney's retirement he had no office and
had his notarial work aone by the latter.
Cooney had taken a number of blanks to
Lyons' office for this work. When Lyons
was finally reappointed he found about
thirty of theae forms in his desk, left
there by Cooney.
"These blanks had been taken by
Cooney from his own office to yours to do
your business for you?"
"Yes, sir."
"And there were too many of them?"
"Yes, I suppose so."
"Yon don't know what blanks Cooney
left in bis own office?"
"No, sir."
"Did Captain lines ask you in is ques
tion ?"
"Yes, sir."
That was the end of the evidence along
the line of what kind of blanks Cooney
was accustomed to using.
This morning Max Gumpel, the expert
in handwriting, will be called to compare
the defects in typography in the pencil
will certificate with wbat is claimed to Do
similar flaws in the blank printed by
Crocker & Co. on January 8, 1896. This
wiil complete the case for the police on
the preliminary bearing. They say they
have much important evidence in reserve
which t£ey will not make public until
the trial of Cooney, that in, of course, pro
viding that Magistrate Cook sees his way
clear to hold the young attorney.
GRAND JURY VENIRE.
Citizen* Who Will Appear in Presiding
Judge Seawell's Department of
the Superior Court.
The Judges of the Superior Court have
filed with County Clerk Curry the lists of
citizens from which the next Grand Jury
is to be selected.
The impanel ment of the new body will
be proceeded with by Presiding Judge
Seawell as soon as the present Grand Jury
submits its report. The names of tax
payers selected by the Judges are as fol
lows:
By Judge Seawell -Cbanes H. Shiels, Fred
erick W. Kern, Willard B. Harrington, Benja
min T. Lacy, Samuel F. Pond, Fred W.Vaughn,
D. C. M. Goodsell, John W. Quick, Nicholas T.
Romaine, James K. wiisoii, Christian Leh
man, Joseph D. Grant.
By Judge Daingerfleld— Marcus Wunsch, T.
R. Horton, F. L. Turpin, John N. Mu«h. Leon
Sloss, Henry Martin, Harry Campe, W. T. Gal
loway, L. B. Hetty, Charles M. Plum, A. Quade,
John H. S.evers.
By Judge Bahrs— R. F. Warfield, Frank Me-
Mullen, C. S. Laumeister, Alexander B. Tru
man, John P. McMurray, Wendell Easton,
George Sliafer, Solomon Kampe, H. M. Wreden,
S. H. Hagedora, H. Dutard, A. W. Wilson.
By Judge HeUbard— John Mallon, Edward T.
Douneilv, Charles H. Stauyan, Matthew
Nunan, James A. Code, John D. Daly, E. P.
Roche, Luke Battles, Arthur W. Spear, James
G. Boobar, Berthold Kahn, A. Sbarboro.
By Judge Hunt— Michael Flood, Charles S,
Ewlng, Hiram H. Hobbs, Albert H. Menne,
Samuel P. Middleion, Thomas J. Welsh, Rob
ert Coulter, Vanderlynn Stow, Edward H. Aigel
tinger, Thomas G. Taylor, William J. Bryan,
Achille Rnos.
By Judge Wallace — Henry Payot, Charles B.
I' r,:ins. H. M. Ilclbrook, James J. Loggie,
William Costeiio, Alexander Hamilton, Wil
liam Haas, Benjamin Newman, William P.
Rudington, JosepnWlnterburn.S. Sch\vab»cher,
Alexander Center.
By Judge Belcher— E. P. Danforth, O. D.
Baldwin, LiDpman Sachs, Edward Coleman,
L. V. Doe, John W. Carmany, Henry Mayer,
William Cluff, L. S. Sherman, George A. Kohn,
Louis F. Monu-agie, 8. C. Irving.
By Judge Troutt— C. S. Benedict, N. P. Cole,
E. N. Fritz, Hugo D. Keil, George R. Fletcher,
H. J. Sneath, C. O. Burton, Martin Johnson, A.
W. Scott, John F. Corriea, J. B. Curtis, Robert
1). Cranston.
By Judge Coffey— Peter Fay, Patrick Plover,
H. A. Hedger, Johu crisp Coleman, Charles
Quinn, Louis P. Drexler, James Carolan, Pierre
Dreydemi, Samuel H. Taylor, John F. Plumbe,
Moses Sondheimer, Meyer Rosenthai.
By Jui'.ge Slack— Emile Bauer, Danielßlack,
George M. Condee, William H. Crim, Henry L.
Davis, Frederick W. Dohrmann, Bernard
Grave, George W. Hooper, Edward J. Le
Breton, William S. Pnelps, Frederics G. San
born, Julian Sonntng.
By Judge Dunne— J. R. Howell, W. H. Thorn
lev, Maurice Schweitzer, John Corbett, Daniel
O'Sullivan. Kaufmann Wertheimer, James H.
O'Brien, T. R. Bannerman.W. Loaiza, Henry
Fortman, o<cnr A. Kron, James A. Snook.
By Judge Carroll Cook— Joseph M. Litch
field. Albeit E. Castle, J. L. McLoughlni, Ru
dolph Herold Jr., S. H. Daniol . Sands W. For
man Arthur F. Price, Frank W. Sumner, I. W.
Hellman Jr., Albert Gerberding, F. W.Tallant,
C. G. Clinch.
» — ♦ — «
Gas Light Stock Diminished.
A certificate was filed with County Clerk
Curry yesterday setting forth the fact that on
the 11th day of last November the capital
siock of the San Francisco Gas Light Company
was diminished from $10,000,000 to $300,000.
TO BE INTERRED
AT LAUREL HILL
Details of the Burial of
Mrs. Flood Kept
Secret.
Only E datives Will Follow the
Remains to the
Grave.
Father Wayman Will Officiate at
the Burial S rvices, Which No
Friends May Attend
Only relatives will follow the remains
of Mrs. Mary E. Flood to the grave. No
friends may view the well- re mem be red
features of tbe departed. No flowers nrfay
be placed upon tbe bier.
Tbe greatest secrecy is being main
tained by the family relative to the burial.
All that is known is that the funeral will
take place some time to-day.
Father Wayman will read the burial
services, and the casket, wherein reposes
all that was mortal of the late widow of
the multi-millionaire, wiil be placed in
the Flood vaolt-at Laurel Hill.
Up at the brownstone mansion on the
hill all inqaries of tender, solicitous
friends meet witn no response. The great
oak doors, destitute of all badge of
mourning, are hermetically sealed.
This funeral, at which no friend may
attend or even send a flower in loving
remembrance, is in keeping with the oft
expressed desire of the deceased, and also
in strict accordance with the views of her
son and daughier. Only they and Rich
ard Pollis, brother-in-law of Mr?. Flood,
and James Follis and Miss Lillie JJ'ollis,
nephew and niece, will follow her remains
to the grave.
1 Mrs. Flood's death was not altogether
unexpected by her intimate friends, who
have watched her health failing for the
past year. Nevertheless her passing away
with so little premonition was a great
shock to them. Speculation is rife as to
the disposition of the vast estate, but as
yet no one is in a position to state just
what disposal Mrs. Flood has made of her
colossal fortune.
*"""" KEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A "hyslcian whose reputation is estab-
l ished by ten years of successful practice
jat 737 Market st. , San Francisco, Cat.
LOST And all the attend-
M ANUnnn in S ailments of
mMNnIfUU nervous DEBI-
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
J and Old men, indiscretions of
i youth, excesses of mature years,
I drains which sap the vitality,
j failing strength, aching back,
■ diseased kidneys, inflamed
i glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
j dizziness of the nead, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND ( A !' , blood
i SKIN DISEASES. %y 2Z
I whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
j cure, painless treatment, no de-
, tention from work, no experi-
■ ment, no knife, no truss. A posi-
i tive,certain and permanent cure.
I LADIES Will receive special
j and careful treatment for all
I their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
j tise on all organs and their dis-
! eases, fret on application.
Call or address ~* .
j V. XJT. BWEANT, 3VE.3D.
737 Market St., San Franc' < ... CslT
,_ .,_ ;._,-,. -■.-■ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
nLiiaiiiiv
BAILROAD
Trains leave aaj arri 79 at Be^Slijf£&&i
«arket-Sireet Ferry. tß^^SS^
SANTA FK EXPRESS. Motm
j LouiaT y ' Ann ' x car* lor Denver and Su
Montreal *nd°f£ lonSl Vlft Kansa. City, CblcagOk
E°«!day! ite ■ M «>»"'» 1 n» »«•▼• every
K#w 6 r«n? t nlt! Iway from California to tbe Bast,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. \ .'
B * Sa^ ranol * co Ticket Office, 044 Market'
»Vi. onlcle l!ui lding. Telephone Maia
iC3X» Paklaad. ma UroaUway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry}.
■*■■ Baa Vxasciaco, Commencing Sept. 13. 183*
WSKKDATB.
FarlClU . Valley and Han Ka:a»l-«7 128. «9il^
11:00 a. M.: *I:4S, 8:45, »5:16. •3:45, :30 r.u
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wedae*
I 4ays and Saturdays as 11 .30 r. M.
-■'•:,-•.■■:.■■.■ "-, BUXDAYS. ■ ' '
For Mm Valley and Sen Rafael— •B:oo, »10:0«
•11:80 a. it; »l:kO, 3:00, •*:3 O. 6:16». K.
< Train* marked * run to »an Quentln. . "-
/THBOUGH TRAINS. :
I Tot Poltt Beyea ana way stations— 7:2s a. ■
; weekdays, 8^)0 a. v. Sundays, 1:45 m. m. data*
«aya. ■•*- ? "-v.:r.-r ..'■-• ■■". .-.-.-;
__ i«r Caai-.dero and way station*— 7 ;25 a. U. w««»
1 Urn USr.M. a»turd»>a.
DUFFY'S PURE
FOR MEDICINALUSE
no fusel OIL
There's Life and Health in
Every Drop. Will stop that
cough and the general ache that
threatens to become Grip if not
checked.
Pamphlet sent by
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.
Rochester, N. Y.
RAILROAD TRAVHT.I
SOUIIIDKK PAI'DnC t'OJJMXT.
(pacific mm.)
Train* leave null »r« «lv«- to nrrlve at
HAS I'IMKCISCO,
ÜBATI — From January 1. 1897. — arriti
■ *«:0»a NiTes, San Jose and Way Stations... ~BU5 a
~:<'Oa Atlantic Express, Ogiltu and Kaf,t.. 8:15p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTille, Kumsey. Sacr.v
mciito. Ororille and Redding via
I)»tU 6:45p
7:20 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Xapa,
C'alUtoga and Santa Rosa 6:15»
l:»»*.\"i!,. Han .lose. Stockton, lone, .
' Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
' T'hiina and Red Bluff -«ilsp
■8:30 a Peters and Milton •7:13?
»:O«a New Orleans Kxpreiis, Raymond (for
Yosumitc), FreEiio, Bakcrsllcld.
Santa liurliara, I.ob Angeles, Dem>
ing. El l'aso, New Orleans and ' ' . .
East.. 4:4»p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4 r,p
»:OOa Vallejo... 6:13j»
Niius. .San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7:l."ir
*I:OOp Saoramento River Steamers »»tOOp
l:OOt> Nilcs, San Jo.-io and J-ivcrmore »:43a
fl::to? Port Ooata and Way Stations........ t~:43p
4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
N M'-i. Calistoga, LI Verauo and
.Santa Uoeii o>l3 A
4:OOp Banicia, Vacaville, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villo and Sncraiuen'o 11:13 a
4i3oi> Lathrop, Stoclctou, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 111434
5:00pL03 Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno. Santa Barbara and Los
Aii|;elt-8 1 0:43 A
BiOOp Banta Fo I tout c. Atlantic Impress
for Moja™ and l^st Jo:lsa
Kuropean Mail, <)(,'<l»ii and Kant.... 9:43 a
6:ooi> Uaywiirdß, Nilfsund San .105e...... 7:45*
t7:oop Vallejo .... s .ns43»
7:00p Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
villu, Ue.l.liiiK, Portland, I'ngct
Sound aud East 11:10 a
If 10:00p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
ana East 818:45?
SANTA tltl Z DIVISION (Narrow Knutrej.
8: 1 •►a Newirlc,<,Viitervill(.',«:iu.lo3e,Fcltni),
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations...' ..:..;.;. Bi3© *
•3:lSp Newark. Centerville, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1I:«Oa
' 4:15 i« Newark, San Jose and 1.03 <iatos... 9:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and -
Way Stations t7:Bop
COAST DIVISION (Third X limtiisiiml Sis.)
6:45 a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l;30P
■:15a Han Jose, Tim I'inos, (bum Cruz.
Pacific (irore. Paso Rohles, Han
Luis oliis;xi. Ouadalnpe, Unit and
Principal Way Stations 7:00p
. IO:4Oa San. Josu aud Way Stations 5:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30"
•2:3<»i- San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, Han Jose,
Gilruy, Tres Finos, HaaU (!m:,
Salinas.MontereyandPaciacGrove *10:40 a
•K::iop San Joso and Way Stations ........ 9:43 a
•4:3OpSaD Ie»o and Way Stations *8:03 a
5:30p S» .Jose aud Principal Way Stations *M:43a
6:30 p San Jose and Way Stations U::m.*
Ul:4si- San Josennd Way Stations........'. f7:43pj
" SA.N IiKANUItO AM) HAitfARUS LOOAI..
»*C:(»«i.; ( 7:13 a
8:OOa 1 . . (9:43 a
10 : «» a I Selrose, Seminary Park, Yu\%i
"aISUp 4 ,S.nl>«dro. »fj«J
H:OOp . n A 4:43p
4:OOp ' 1 5:43P
s:o4>p Hazard.. 6:13p
7:<»Op 8:43 1
g^OOp ' Runs through to Nile*. , lO:5Op
ttllzlßpJ 'from Niles. [ f tia:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FIUNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 3)—
•7:15 9*o 11:00 a.m. tl:00 «2:00 t3:CO
' •t:00 t5:00 *€:OOp.is.
: from OAKLAND— Foot or Brwdwij *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 1 12:30 "1:00 t3:CO *3:09 ti-*C3
• «S:OQPJI. •
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. • . t Saturdays only.
I Sundays only.
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTuei days and Saturdays. 6 Sundays and Thursday!.
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. •
Tlbnron ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 A. *.-. 13'3\
. 3:30, 6:10, 6:30 f - *• Thnradays-Ektra trt.
at 11 -.30 p. st ! Saturdaya— Extra trios at 1:55
and 11:30 p. if. .
6DKDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:**
6:00, 6:20 P. it ;
San Kafaet to Sun Franclneo.
I WEEK D A Xv 6:I5 ' 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 A. if
12:45, 3:40. 6:10 p. M. Saturdays-Extra trlpi
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 p. it
BCNDAVS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. jc; I:4a 3:41 X
o :00, o :«5 p. M. .
Between San Francisco and Schnetzea Park sam«
schedule as above.
Leave ______ Arrive
Ban Franclsca oct! 14? San Fra » *
Dat». I days, ixatlnatton. DAYS- | DaY9>
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 a*
8:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 PM 10:25 aic
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 p*
FultoD,
ISO am , Windsor, 10:24 mk
Healdsburg,
I ytton, -
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 ru 6:22 ph
" " Pieta, '< ~~~"
. Hopland &
:80am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:23 pk
7 :80 am * 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:35 ra -
8:30 PM ■ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oa*
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 P*
7:30 am 1 8:00 AMI. SebaatODO i 110:40 am 1 10:25 A*
B:3QPMia:OOPMi aeDaatopo '- I 6:10 pm | a ;22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie We«
Sprints: at Geyservllle for ■ Skaicgs Springs; at
Cloverdale tor the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
I Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and LAkppor;; at
: Hopland for l.ukeport and Bart Springs; at
j Uktah I for ; Vlcny Swings, Saratoga Sprlnss, Bljii
t Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Hotter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Uerley's, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Kooneville.
Greenwood, Git's Hot. Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, U sa i, A i!let». Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonville, li arris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
ratea. ' ■ •
On Sundays round-trip tickets 10 all point* b«-
yond Ban Kafa»l at half rates. '
Ticket OfHcPs, 650 Market St., Chronicle bun<ttafi
B. C. WHITING, B. X. BY AIT,
■ - Gen. Manager. Gen. Fa»». Agent.
TBE S.W FRWCISCO JIID-SJI JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY WIPIM.
FROM ..JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger tralus
w|l; run dally, excepting Sunday: ■ ■ ,
Boiuhbound. statioui. Northbound.
■ 7:^l a. m.:. ....... .Stockton £•:-»« r. m.
9:49 a.m... .Merced ......3:14 pjc
ll:fO a M ......Fresno ..1:10 p. m.
; ; : For intermediate stations see time-table.
.Connecting steamboats of the C N. & I. Ca
leave San Francisco at 8 p. m. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 km. daily, except. n ;
[ (Sunday. ■-
lilf TAMALPAIS.
Trains, ronn-'ct with -North Fnrlßii
Const Railroad. ■
WKKK iuVS-:..»ve5.K.9:H .i(. l^,»
»Beturnlng— Arrive s. C 3:25 pm. : 'M p m
6UNDAYS-LeaveS.F.BA m U:SOa. m i-asj.-iL
Returning— Arrive 5.X.1:1 6 p. m 4:20 p m TiM.C
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or " * ■-'
THO.->. lUi'K <t (Ws, 621 Market su, aF.
Hid Valley and Muuai Ittnialpaia Bctnlo iUUwa/,MIKE HENNESSY'S
CLOSE FISH
Beaten Out a Nose on
Bright Phoebus by
Argentine.
. —
Schnitz at Odds of 15 to 1 Led
His Field From Wire
to Wire.
Queen Mab Outfooted tbe TwcYear-
Olds— Suisun Was Presented
With a Race.
The going was of the splashy sort at
Inglesicie yesterday, yet withal the first
choices fared extremeiy well, three out of
six breasting the tape in front Schniiz
evoked praises from bis backers ana
lamentations from the friends of the first
and second choices by .-canipering away
with the second event on the card at the
spicy odds of 15 to 1. In the :-ame race
Jack Martin vas ■second at 100 to 1, and
the "didn't I tell you' crowd immediately
assumed a wiser look. The stormy con
dition of the weather was not propitious
for good racing, still the same old crowd of
icgulars were seen "piping" the odds in
r ring.
Mike Hennessy should perchance re-
I ceire an appointment aa a policeman, in
all probability the first one to feel tbe
strong grip of the law at his hands would
be Michael himself. The veteran knight
of the saddle had the mount on Bright
Phcebus, the one-time winner of the rich
Realization stakes, which was one of the
four starters that faced the barrier in tbe
third race over one mile and a furlong.
Trainer Hunn had the oij? bay right upon
edge, »nd a swell plunge was made on
him, cuttins his price from II to 5 down
to 3 to '2. Benamela opened a 6to 5 fa
vorite, receding to twos. Argentina be
cause she wouldn't do in the mud, and
Osier Joe for some other reason, were also
expected to. show some speed.
T. Sloan sat the back of Argentina which
it was supposed couldn't step in juicy go
ing, and sat it real well. He sent her out
in front, and lolling over on her neck was
never observed to fall back among tha
other three starters. Michael Hennepsy
was alternately third, second, third,
four h, second, and when the wire was
passed Michael was still second, only by a
Lose.
The veteran rider made the same error
that other riders before him have made.
A furlonp from the wire he w»" satisfied
that he bad the race up his sleeve, which
he undoubtedly did have. He forgot,
however, to allow for the mare slightly in
front of him having a pound or so in re
serve, and when he began riding hard
from the paddock on, was beaten on the
best horse. The winner was 4tol in the
ring.
It must be that "Will "Wallace's colt
Flacon aoeu not like a muddy track.
He opened an even-money favorite for the
three-furlong two-year-old scramble and j
then receded to twos. Getting away
fairly weil he could not contract himseif,
finishing sixth. Queen Mab, which
coupled with Siva, her stable companiou,
ruled favoriie in the betting around post
time, won the dash in a drive from Free
Lady, a 7 to 1 shot. Siva was a good
third.
IBraw Scot was chosen as tne most
■ _ible of the nine starters in tne mile
run, and it proved a very poor pick. The
old gray opened a 2 to 1 favorite, went
back to 13 to 5 and became entangled with
the mud over near the half pole. Schnitz,
with "Skeets" Martin up, wes in front
from the jump and won at the end rather
cleverly from Jack Martin, a 100 to 1 shot,
piloted by Stevens.
Charley Sanders had the pleasure of
peeing his colors finish first again in the
fourth event, a six-furlong spin. He
started Ransome for the first time this
season, and, starting equal choice in the
betting with Morven, made all the run
ning and turned up the easiest kind of a
winner, with Mike Rice in the place a
leneth in front of Morven.
With Fiy and Potentate scratched out of
the six-furlong run that followed. Cahente
opened up at evensin the ring. From the
manner in which lie was ridden the odds
should have beenlOO to L Sport McAllii
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingrleside Racetrack. Thursday, January 28. Forty
third day of the Winter Meeting:. 1896-97. Weather Cloudy. Track Sloppy.
4TQ FIBST BACE— Three-eighths of a mile; maiden
Index. Horse, weight. St
428 Queen Mab. 104 1
446 Free Lady 103 6
Siva 112 2
426 Kummel 103 6
sir William. 112 7
399 Flacon 109 4
Daisy 109 8
alonnga 109 3
Rosa 109 9
Index.
Belting.
Op. CL
12
I
21
7
8
4
5
6
9
1 h
22
82
4 1.
64
66
'._.
8
T. McHugh
H. Martin,
Doggett
B. isom
Thorpe
Jones
Barringer
Spencer.
C. Sloan
5-2
6
' 41
10
4
1
20
15
20
9-6
7
*
60
6
20
50
60
I
Fair start. Won driving. Winner, L. Ezell's eh. I, by Onoudago-Enid. Time, :38%.
in tbe betting with Queen Mab.
* Coupled
at Q SECOND BACE— One mile; purse *400.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
Str. Fin. Jockey.
12 1 lVi H. Martin
2Vi 2 1 Stevens
5J_ 3h Hennessey
bi. 4 2 K. Isom ...
41 6 2 Clawson
3 1 6Vi slaughter.
7 3 7* Spencer.
8 2 820 Barringer
9 9 Burllngame.....
358 scnnitz. 5 109
3SI Jack Martin, 4... 94
I 432 San Marco, 4 106
/ 489 Hazard, 4 97
! 434 Two Cheers, 6.... 99
I 391 BrawScot,a. 99
\451 Jack Klchelieu, a.102
'443 Clissie B, 4 95
409 Palmerston. 4.... 104
I 4
! 5
8
3
I 1
i 2
I 9
.7
I 9
1 a j
8 Vi
5 Vi
62
4Vi
2 1*
9
84
13
3b
62
5 1
4Vj
2b
7h
9
84
1 3
2h
6 2
5 Vi
3Vs
4h
73
9
84
6 15
2l> 100
8 4
3 3
16 10
2 185
15 ' 40
10 8
8 40
Good start. Won cleverly.
Winner, C. F. Sanders <fc Co.'s eh. h., by Panique-Hla." Time, 1:45 3 .
ACO THIKIJ BALE— One and an eighth miles; three-year-olds aud upward; purse $500.
Index.
424 I
340
(424)
(452)
j Horse, age, weight, j St, Std. Vi Vi % Str.
I Argentina, 4 98 3 11 lh 1- IVij 1 li
Bright Pboebus,s.lo7 4 2, 3Vi 4 - 2-1% 21
'Ostler Joe,4 1081 1 3b 4 8b 81. 35
jßenameia, 4 108: 2 4 21 2b 4 |4
1 ns
2 8
3 20
4 .
T. Sloan
Hennessey
H. Brown
W. Martin'
Jockey.
\ Betting.
I Op. CL
3
11-6
6
6-5
' -4
S-2
7
2
Good start. Won driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's b. 1., by Gano-Dolly L. Time, 1:57%.
/Ifil *" OUiITH BACE— Three-quarters of a mile; selling: purse $1.0.
j Index.
""ml
Baosome, 5 102
Mike Bice, 4 96
Morven, a 100
Allahabad, 5 97
Zooleln.a 100
Banjo, a »<
Horse, ace, weight.
St.
2
5
1
li
■i
4
V. j % '
1 Vi A Vi
4V. 33
21% 2Va
6 8 Vi
31 I 4 h
6 1 I 6
' Str. '
IVi
3 2
'22 -
44
6
53
18
.2 1
82
4 3.
66
6 .
Fin.
Jones
laughter
H. Martin
Thompson
H. Brown
Spencer....
Betting.
Op. CI.
~~2 sis
1-2 7
5-2 6-2
10 10
10 7
10 7
443
371
443
I
Gooa start-
Time. l:l7Vi-
Won easily.
C. F. Sanders & Co.'s eh. _ by Algerine-Nelile itansom.
4R9 FIFTH Three-quarters ol a mile; selling; parse 8400.
Ind. | Horse, age, weight.
443 Kowalsky. 4...100
(73) Caliente, 4 100
444 ISptMcAllis rS.IUVi
433 : Sugar Foot, 8.. 86%
398 Pat Murphy, 6. 97
443 I Boreas, 5.... 110 i
Horse, age, weight.
Betting.
I Op. 4.L
4
6
a
3
5
1
lh
22*
6
32
6V 3
1 h
43
23
53
32
6
lh
44
24
6 4
»Vi
6
1 8
2Vi
3Vi
46
53
6
H. Martin
Jones. '
Doggett
'I h0mp50n......
B. Isom
H. Brown ...;..
6
1
3
5
8
30
6
7-5
3
5
10
100
nood start. Won
l:l6Vi.
a>j SIXTH BACE— Seven-eightlu of a mile; purse $ 350.
V 4
Vi
Betting.
.'P. CI.
Horse, age, weight.
St-
T
2
3
5
8
4
■1
9
219 I
461 |
44"* i
427 :
366 I
448 ,
892
377
Isulsun, 3..'........ 95
jimp. Sain, 3 105
Ins allairix, 3.... 95
Cogent, S-. 105
IBebekab. 3 .105
iJa c Andrews, 3. 9)
Moreno, 3 95
Emelia 8, 3. . 100
32*
32
4 ll
61
8
54
7 1
2 Vi
2 V.
53
64
8
*_*'
33
1 V»
2 2
I*
64
72
6h
8
4 V*
1 8
24
32
61
61
7V-
«Vi
llVs
22
SVi
45
56
63
75
8
Thompson.
Burliogame
J. Ward...
H. Martin......
Spencer.
Hector
H. Brown. — ..
Jon. .... ......
3-5
6
25
30
25
20
30
8
1-4
10
60
20
60
80
30
20
Good start. Won easily. Winner, ii. E. Leigh's br. L, by strath more- Beatrice. ■ lime, 1:34. ___
ter could not head Kowalsky yesterday,
and the latter horse, allowed to cut out the
pace, passed the wire an easy winner by
three length*. Caliente, coming on from
back in the ruck, secured the place clev
erly enough from Sport.
Gen« Leigh's fasi tiily fcuisun, starting a
3 to 10 favorite, had nothing to beat in the
final seven-furlong run, and won as sac
liked from imp. Sain.
xo its.
George E. Smith (Pittsburg Phil), the
gentlemanly Eastern plunger, arrived
here Wednesday night and was a visitor
at the track yesterday. Mr. Smith is the
possessor of quite a select string of horses
himself, about the best of which is Belmar.
jSiliy McGrance's two-year-old filiv Free
Lady stood a chance of beating Queen
Mab had she not run out on swinging
into the stretch. She is a daughter of
Free Knight and Fauna 111.
Kemmel is another youngster that made
a very good showing in the two-year-old
scramble. She is a half-sister to Chart
reuse 11. . „.,
There was a warm tip out on Sir Wil
liam, a colt by Fitzjames, to win the baby
race, and it was not sue i a wild one either,
for he ran flatteringly, and was well up at
the end, although failing to get a piece of
the coin.
The number of bookmakers chaining up
odds was swelled to twenty-one at venter
day's cut-in. Barney Schreiber and Harvey
Harris were back ou the block.
Johnny Coleman took a hard fall out of
Caliente, the favorite, for the fifth race,
laying the top price of 8 to 5 against him.
Slaughter's ride on Braw Scot in the sec
ond race was about as picturesque as the
oue he furnished astride Kowalsky at
Oakland some days ago. Either would bd
a credit to a schoolboy.
The price laid against Jack Martin was
certainly a false one. Muddy going is the
gelding's strong iorte, he being of little
use as a money-earner on a fast track. The !
tempting place and show odds offered
caught many of the small bettors.
The field books were hit hard over the
victory of Schnitz, the lines bacit of the
stands after the race resembling those at
a country town postoffice on a Saturday
night. Jack Martin's second also reduced
the bank rolls.
The win of Argentina in the third event
gives that race at Oakland one day last
week a decidedly spicy flavor and just a
few are presumptuous to presume that a
colored gentleman removed a big fat tur
key from the coop some time in tne even
ing when he guessed no one was looking.
It is strange what a deal of gossip the Bald
win stable furnishes the turf and what ex
ecrable and inexplicable performances its
| horses have furnished. On the day of the
mare's bad race over the Oakland track,
on January 21, she warmed up like a wild
horse in the preliminary gallop, after
seeing which a number of bettors pro
ceeded to get aboard. The mare steadily
receded in the betting and the right ones
were given the tip to hedge out. That
rare was passed with too light an inquiry
by the judges. Yesterday the mare comes
out and downs such a notorious high class
mudlark as Bright Ptjcebus.
It is probably fortunate for some boy
with a rather shady reputation for
honesty that he did not sit on the back of
Caliente and put up the ride Eddie Jones
| did or he might bo seen at a downtown
employment office this morning. Lying
away back in the ruck tne first part of the
race with his mount, he made a late run,
and finished second to the "uood thing,"
Kowalsky, on clearly the best horse.
Moreno, a full sister to the pood mud
performer, Sam Leake, was well played
to get a place or show in the last race,
and made a ridiculous showing. A glance
at the form book will show that "she must
have slipped her muzzle and robbed some
hay and feed barn.
Races should be so conditioned as to pre
vent such high-class performers as Suisun
falling into races with a band of cheap
seliing:platers such us Opposed her in the
final race of the day.
Following are tne entries for this after
noon's programme of running events:
First race, five-eighths of a mile, allowances. -'
91 Rajah ..........103 379 Let Me 5ee..... 101
'4"21 Marionette 10: 461 Examiner. 107
93 Miss Ban 101 .... Joan Bernard.. 107
316 Dlnero 107 483 Hapldo. 106
.... Kosa P. 105 250 Los BanosKld.lU7
.... Equity 105 205 Imp. Friar 110
.... C inker 101 369 Yucatan II 10l
218 Cloverdale . ...103 *JB2 Rejected. 103
Second race, five-eighths of a mile, allowances.
.... Benham 106 333 Wmtestone ....HO
.... Baroti 107] 4:1 Isabel 101
.... Decorate 103 451) Detective. 107
.... Imp. Green. 110 356 Brametta 101
.... KH 107 ... Gtronimo 103
429 Eventide 101 440 Greenback Jr.. 107
270 Midas 110 .83 Kuthledce 103
451 Carrie U 101 1 422 Pecksniff. Ho
Third race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
461 Marcel 961 459 Jack Mar:in... SO
(415) Double Quick. .lol (378)Kortuua 101
(420)Cbarle» a 103 (4i9)Coilms. 103
362 Tom Elmore... 95 451 Japonlca. 88
451 JocK ...93
Fourth race, seven-eighths of a mile, purse.
! 427 BanquiL 92 4:i5 Frank: Jaubert.
451 Draugnt 92 451 Popinjay ..104
465 Personne 104 SBi Kavibloe 114
469Ui»sleB 10* 45') Phillip H 89
459 ralm-rstoa 114 456 JLouiou JH 87
457 Examiner lU7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1597.
Fifth race, seven-eighths of a mile, parse.
452 Mahogany 114|(217)Gu ta Percha...H7
426 IVrIL 112 l (44o)Minnie Ccc 112
406 tseorge Palmer. 961 (4Bo)The • Inner 98
45 > Stentor 104 «47 Geyser. 104
4i9 Veragua 104 (423)fcernardllJo 9tt
Sixth race, tblrteen-slxteentbs of a mile, purse.
453 Caspar 100| 416 Lovelock 92
450 Good Times 100 (417)Siy 95
447 Zamar II 97 40tt '1 emi'estuous. . . 92
(456)ureyhurst 97
SEIjECXIOXS FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Yucatan 11, Marionette.
Alias Ban.
Second race — Benham, TVhitestone,
Midas.
Third race—Colling, Jack Martin. Fo»
--tnna.
Fourth race—Loulou X, Frank Jan
bert, Basquil.
Fifth race—Geyser, The Sinner, Ber
nardillo.
sixth race—Caspar, Zamar 11, Grey
llUlfit.
With commendable enterprise the Post pub
lishes a noon edition containing entries, jock
eys, scratches and tips from all ihe papers. *
FISH AND GAME LAWS.
Measures Which Have Passed the As
sembly of Importance to Sportsmen.
Word was received yesterday at the
office of the Fish Commission in this City
of the passage of several bills of import
ance to sportsmen : through the lower
house of the Legislature. In most in
; stances these are amendments and modi
fications of the old laws. Under the old
law robins may be killed four months in
the year, but under the amendment these
pretty creatures are included with Cali
fornia canaries and song birds that are
protected from slaughter at all limes.
> The open season lor doves has been
altered so that it extends from July 15 to
February 15- At present the open season
begins on July 1. The law prohibiting
the killing of pheasants has been carried
to March 1, 1899. An important change
has been made relating to the killing ana
selling of game birds. At present game
birds can be tilled for four months, but
game cannot be Bold except for two
months. Now the season lor killing and
the season for selling are identical. The
deer law is materially altered. The pos
session of deer, except that of male deer,
in the open season is prohibited. At pres
ent the offender has to be actually caught
in the act of slaying these animals before
a conviction can De had.
For the protection of fish the new law
prohibits the takin&of black bass except
by a hook and line. The taking of lobsters
and crawfish "of less than nine and a half
inches in length, measured from one
extremity to the other" exclusive of claws,
etc., ii prohibited. The buying, selling or
possession of female crabs is unlawful.
This measure is directed against the
Chinese particularly, as these fishermen
take all kinds and all sizes. .
A change has been made in the open
season for trout. Instead of being open
from April 1 to November 1, it will be
from May 1 to December 1.
The close season for steelheads will be
from February 1 to May 1 and the close
teason for salmon from September 10 to
November 15, with the provision that
salmon may be taken in tidewaters after
October 15. This is to protect the salmon
in (be upper as well as the -lower rivers
during the spawning season.
The tidewaters are define J as follows:
In the Sacramento River as extending
from its mouth to Sacramento city in the
San Joaquin to the Southern Pacific Rail
road bridge, near Lathrop; in Eel River.
Humbolat County, to east fprry abov* the
town of Fortuna; in the Klamath River
to a point on the river north of the resi
dence of J. McGarvey; in Smith River,
Del None County, to Haggins ferry.
Yon Khein & Co.'s Auction.
The initial auction of O. F. yon Rhein & Co.
for the year 1897 took place at their salesroom,
513 California street, at noon yesterday. The
sale commenced with the sale of the property
of the Capurro estate. Tne lot Is 23x60 feet,
Is on Lafayette street, near Green, and brought,
with improvements, $2600.
The property of the Darolle estate, on
Chenery street, near Thirtieth, and the east
corner of Sixth and Shipley, 75x125, being
both probate sales, brought ¥0000 ana $27,000
respectively, botu figures being le»s thuu
limits. Final disposition was delayed until
further instructions from the court.
Valencia-street lots in the Woodward's Gar
den Tract brought $180 to $190 a front foot;
Mission street, $165 a front foot; Jessie and
btevunson streets, $1200 to $1400 a lot; the
corner of Ridley and sstevenson streets, 25x85,
$3300, and York street, near Twenty-sixtn,
$650 a lot. Lots on the east line of Dolores
meet, south of Eighteenth, 25x110, brought
$1850 each.
Yon Rhein & Co.'s next auction is fixed tor
February 25, and the catalogue is now under
preparation.
Stole His Own Property.
John J. Joell, who keeps a lodging-house at
910 Natoina street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday charging
Frank Montgomery with petty larceny. Mont
gomery and his wife roomed and boarded with
Joell till they were due him $50. Joell pro
cured a lien on their eff«cts for the $50, and
they left, promising i<> pay the amount soon.
Wednesday, while Joe. l was absent from the
house, Montgomery removed his effects, and he
is now charged with stealing what belongs to
himself.
MRS. RHODA C. LUCE.
On Tuesday, January 26, the ninetieth birthday of Mrs. Rhoda C. Luce, was
celebrated by a reception at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Annie J. Lambert,
on Devisadero street. The parlors were tastefully decorated with choice flowers.
Many presents and floral offerings testified to the esteem in which the old lady is
Leld.
Mrs. Rhoda C. Luce was born at Marthas Vineyard, Mass., January 26, 1807.
She came to California in 1872 and has resided here ever since. Mrs. Luce is the
mother of eight children, two of whom are living— a son and a daughter. Mrs. Luce
comes from an old and illustrious New England family.
One of the pleasing diversions of the afternoon was a vocal duet by Mrs. Rhoda
Luce and her sister, Mrs. Hepsa Cottle, who has reached the age of 88.
During the evening a poem dedicated to Mrs. R hod a Luce by S. R. Wiley,
aged 85 years, was read. Vocal selections were rendered by Mme. Waltz, Mrs.
Homer Henley, Miss Ajcgie Cnilds of Oakland and Miss Dora Culvor. Master
Prentice Evans gave a recitation ana danced the fisher's hornpipe.
The hostess was assisted in receiving the guests by Mrs. Captain George P.
Morehouse, a daughter-in-law; Mrs. J. J. Evans, a cousin, *kud Mrs. Frank Dae
gett, also a cousin. Mrs. Rhoda C. Luce was assisted in entertaining the guests
by her aister, Mrs. Hepsa Cottle, Mrs. Mary Luce of Healdsburg, Cal., and Mrs.
Culvor, the grandmother of Mrs. Captain Morehouse.
COOED IN COMFORT
ON A DOORSTEP
Officer McLaughlin Makes
a Startling Morning
Discovery.
It Was an Abandoned but
Bouncing Baby Girl Four
Days Od.
The Cbi!d Has Alre-dy Secured One
Home and Many Others Are
Open to Her.
Officer McLaughlin is responsible for
the introduction of a wee bit of girlhood
into society. His method, however, dif
fers widely from those of Ed Greenaway,
but then it is because they travel on dif
ferent beats.
McLaughlin was patrolling Steuart
The Doorstep Waif.
street early yesterday morning, when he
heard a child's voice in a dark doorway.
He approached carefully, and in a recess
in iront of No. UK. out of c rain, he
discovered a snug bundle of kicking hu
manity.
It was a four-day-old little eirl, comfort
ably clothed and apparently in good
health.
Attached to the jacket was the follow
ing ncte:
Ban Francisco, Jan. 27, 1897.
This child was born January 25 at 9a. M.
Owing to circumstances which no doubt you
may surmise, it is impossible for It to be cared
for by the mother. Both father and mother
are of fine family, and you will, I am sure, be
amply repaid ior your trouble— or any one in
whose care you may piace it. Try, for hu
manity's sake, to keep the child out of an in
stitution, ior you will most certainly be re
warded for doing this or helping to doso.
The babe was immediately taken to the
Receiving Hospital and then was placed
in charge of the Rev. J. W. Daniels of
Sacramento, who is assistant superintend
ent cf the Children's Home-finding So
ciety of California.
This gentleman soon found a haven for
the child in a private family, but it is de
sirable not to mention where. In speak
ing of the babe, tie said:
"It is our desire that all little waifs com
ing under our charge should break off
entirely from the past from the moment
they come into our hands.
"This unfortunate little one will never
know any more than we know now of her
parents, who, by abandoning it as they
have, have forfeited all right to it.
"We have given the poor little girl a
nice, comfortable home. To be sure, so
far as we can see at this time, the home is
but a temporary one, one which may be
come permanent. However, within a
few weeks or months we will know better,
and if the people who have her now care
to relinquish their charge there are many I
warm hearts and comfortable homes ready
to receive her."
As the Rev. Mr. Daniels was saying the
above a well-dressed and apparently
wealthy lady from Oakland, accompanied
by her maid, dropped into the office.
"Is this where the Uttle baby is?" she
asked, with some perturbation. "I've just
come from the JP.eceiving Hospital, and
they told me to come here."
"So, madam; the child is not here. It
is beine cared lor at a private home."
The woman was much put out. "I
wanted to see it," she said, "and perhaps
I wouJd adopt it."
Tbat lady's name and address have been
booked in the "want column," and she
will be one of the first on the list for the
next stray waif.
The police are at a loss to know who are
the parents of trie child.
JUDGE BREEN CORRECT.
His Claim of !>:• quaiheution to Try a
Case Upheld by the Supreme
Court.
A decision was handed down by the Su
preme Court yesterday affirming an order
transferring the case of Johnson, adminis
tratrix, against Brown et al., defendants,
from San Benito to Santa Clara county.
■ The case came before the Supreme
Court on appeal from the order, the mo
tion being upon the ground that tie
Judge of the court was disqualified by
reason of relation within the third degree
to one of the attorneys for the defense.
Joan N. Uudner was the husband of a
niece of tue Hon. James F. Breen, the
Jud^e 01 the Superior Court oi San Benito
County, in which the action was pending,
and lor more than three years prior to tue
induing of the motion nad been the gen
eral law partner 01 N. C. Brigys, one of the
attorneys of record for the defense.
One of tu© plaint. fts made an affidavit
in which sue stated that Huclner hud en
acting continuously since me rLing of de
fendant's answer in conjunction with his
law partner, although the answer was
signed by Brings only.
Also by affidavit one of the defendants
sta.ed that- iludner had not- been em
ployed'as attorney and rendered no assist
ance m the case.
It was shown that at a previous trial of
the case Huduer hud sat at the table with
his law partner and assisted in the trial.
Judge Breen claimed that this disqualified
fairnsell to act, and by order ol anotaer
Judge the case was transferred to canut
Clara County ior trial. The plaintiffs then
appealed.
Judge Hanison wrote tne decision, Van
Fleet and Mcfr'urland concurring.
CUT HIS THROAT.
W. li. PatAhel to Get Kid of Business
Troubles Attempts to End
His Life.
W. £. Patchel, painter and decorator,
1020% Larkin street, attempted to commit
suicuie yesterday afternoon by cutting his
throat with a razor.
His shop was attached by the Sheriff a
few days ago, and since then he has felt
despondent. He talked of his creditors
"crowding him to the wall" and making
life not worth the living.
Yesterday afternoon he ate a hearty
ineui ia tne kitchen, and after the meal
was over liis wife stepped into the parlor.
As soon as she left the kitchen l'atcljel
pulled a razor out of his pocket and drew
it across his throat, indicting a long, deep
aash, penetrating to the windpipe, butnot
severing it.
His wife heard him fall to the floor, and
rud ing in saw the blood pouring from
the wound. She ran shrieking out of the
house and told the neighbors what her
husband had done. l>r. Bushnell \va
summoned and he stitched and dressed
the wound. The doctor says that with
care Fatchel will soon recover, but he nad
a narrow escape.
LEVIN BEOS.' STOEES SOLD.
Creditors Will Realize About Twenty
Cents on the DuUnr.
All the crocery-stores formerly owned
and operated by Levin Eros, were sold by
moans of private bids in Judge Slack's
court on Wedne-day. The basis of sale in
each case was 70 per cent of the inventory
value of the stock?. The two stores in this
City, located at 134 Sixth street and 1324
and 1326 Market street, were sold for about
$20,000 to H. and M. Wolf, who will con
duct the business under the firm name of
H. Wolf & Bro., successors to Levin Bros.
They will retain in their employ the mem
bers of the old firm.
O. Moses purchased the store at West
Oakland and Golliber & Hart that at
Tenth and Washington streets, Oakland.
The stock of the Berkeley store, which
wns removed to the Oakland establish
ment immediately after the embarrass
ment of the firm was publicly announced
about a month ago, was sold as pan of the
latter.
It is estimated that the creditors will
realize about 20 cents on the dollar. They
were offered a settlement on the basis of
3o l /3 cents, but the objections of Dodge,
Sweeney & Co. prevented the acceptance
of the proposition.
The San Francisco stores will be re
opened for business Saturday.
MAYOB PHELAN OBJECTS.
Be Says s Japanese Interpreter Is
Entirely Unnecessary.
The commission to select interpreters
for the criminal courts met again in the
Mayor's office yesterday afternoon to
complete the list of appointments which
was partly filled Wednesday. One con
clusion reached was. to dispense with a
Japanese interpreter, if, appearing to be
the fact that there is so little use for such
an official as to make an appointment prac
tically useless. The tallowing: dispatch
concerning the matter was yesterday sent
by Mayor Phelan to Senator Braunhart at
Sacramento:
San Francisco, Jan. 28, 1897.
Senator Braunhart, Saciamento, Cal.: A
Japanese interpreier is absolutely unneces
sary. It means a wasteful expenditure of pub
lic money. Chief Crowley says there is hardly
a case a month needing an interpreter and
that the authorities have no trouble in getting
one when needed. Inform the Legislature to
this effect and enter a strong protest.
James D. Phelan, Mayor.
The Commissioners have appointed V.
Marchabout interpreter of French and
Spanish and Andrew Glover interpreter of
Portuguese and Slavonian.
MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT.
French Benevolent Society "Will De
light Friends With a Grai>d Affair.
The French Benevolent Society will
this year give a musical entertainment in
place of t heir usual annual grand ball. It
is to take the form of a benefit for the
fund to pay the dues of the poorer mem
bers.
Great preparations are being made for
the affair, which is to take place at Native
Sons' Hall on the 21st of February.
It is expected that the French colony
will turn out in graat lorce. The first
part will be a concert by local French
talent, and the second a one-act opera,
"Le Nocesde Jeanette."
Administratrix Gardner Accuaed.
Judge Slack has issued an order citing Annie
Gardner, administratrix of the estate of
Richard Brown, deceased, to show cause why
she should not be removed for neglect of duty.
Mrs. Mary McCoy has filed a written state
ment complaining that tee administratrix has
failed to proceed with the Rffairs of the estate.
The hearing is set for the sth of next month.
Four Seamen to Bo Tried.
Now that the Supreme Court of the United
States has decided to sustain Judge Morrow's
decision in the United Stateß District Court
four seamen of the Arago who re 1 used to "do
duty" will be tried on the original charge of
refusing to obey orders.
TO CURK A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. AH drug,
sists refund the money Uit toils to euro, .- 2sg
C. VAN DE VERE
HAS SKIPPED OUT
The Wife of Professor
Eugene on the List of
the Missing.
Story of Two Clairvoyants and
a Tale ot G H. Bell's
Lost Money.
Professor Eugene Has Started Easi
R\p:ng to 6 t N ws of His
Departed Spouse.
Charles Van de Vere, thß clairvoyant
who came into notoriety in April last, is
very much sought after. He has been
under $2500 bonds daring the past nine
months to appear before Police Judge
Low on a charge of grand larceny, and Jus
trial was to have been held yesterday
morning.
But Mr. Van de Vere, as a clairvoyant,
evidently did not see his way clear to
getting out of his scrape, bo he did not
show ap in court and Jndge Low declared
the bonds forfeited, and a bench warrant
has been issued for his arrest.
Van de Vere and Professor Eugene, al°o
a clairvoyant, connected themselves in
1896 with George H. Bell, the ex-post
master of Carson, Nev. He was partial to
the schemes they placed before him and
eventually obtained $800 of his money, so
as to pay the expenses of developing his
interest in an estate in Scotland valued at
more than £1,000,000.
Bell beneved in the two, and furnished
them with expense money as tliey de
raanded it until be suddenly found him
self without enough capital to return from
this Ciiy to Carson. Then the story came
out and both Van de Vere and Eugene
were placed under arrest and charged with
grand larceny.
They promised to return the money to
their victim, who was really in need of it,
and who is still in a condition which might
jeopardize a successful trial and convic
tion. On this promise the grand larceny
trial was repeatedly postponed, and when
Professor Eugene eventually paid ud bis
share the case against him was dismissed.
But Charles Van de Vere has not ful
fi led his promise, hence the intended
prosecution.
Back of this is another story, showing
that the erstwhile partners in the clair
voyant business are no longer friends as
of yore.
They had adjoining offices and living
rooms at 1728 Market street, where they
transacted their business. Mrs. Eugene
assisted them materially in their work,
and frequently, in fact more frequently
than with her husband, she was the assist
ant of i is friend.
When Charles Van de Vere disappeared
three weeks ago Mrs. Eugene was also on
the absent list, and her whereabouts is
as much of a mvsteryat this lime as is
that of Van de Vere.
Professor Eugene ceased his occupancy
of the Market-street offices yesterday and
proposes leaving for the East to-day.
"Whether he knows where Sirs. Eugene is
or his old associate is not known, but he
is going away to hunt lor one of the two
or both.
The bondsmen who will oave to make
KEW TO-BAY.
«*.: ACUTE NERVOUS
fjj£i DYSPEPSIA.
/a/aIAS^ --. W HEN A MAN'S STOMACH REFUSES
/Xxi!iK\l\ - rfev/ food, no matter what the cause, it is time
/ i/"/JNL/ // for him to look seriously to his health. Nerv
/ 7 I wm\ if \h > >T i * p ous dyspepsia is brought on by a variety of
( XhSk l AJf \'J W.* I I causes. Ten-minute lunches, using tobacco
\c(Ms9\ rv ->^> / !*>. J 100 ireely, violent exercise after eating, over-
_^ lM -fc* i It* \f loading me stomach, the persistent eating of
___X/_ I '_!_. I m/ 1 some article of food that disagrees with you,
♦»Jr-ise==#^^ j3g==»^~S^rS ,'fi and a thousand other things bring on a weak-
— is 4 7^^3-*^^ " •^"^c: "^t ened, irritated condition of the stomach that
m j r £.&-~*\ <r^z=2: £?— o x-, \ i\ J'• is usually aggravated by drugs. Then follows
<r**;^* biliousness, torpid liver, nervousness, wasting
"^" ■•"' i \Y]J of flesh, constipation and general debility.
I II X\s£\ ne whole digestive tract becomes weakened
I\\s£\ The irritated. After tract through weakened
I \v^\ and irritated. After going through the usual
I J 1 round of tonics, laxatives, stimulants and diet-
in? the patient finds that his mind rests upon
his trouble. He grows melancholy and restless. His nerves weaken and ne becomes irritable.
He is never in good humor. Nothing pleases h».m. It is well for a man in this condition to
look seriously to his health. He needs the toning and invigorating effects of electricity which
will build up and strengthen his digestion and which leaves no reaction.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is the best and most convenient method of using Electricity in
such cases. It never fails to give Immediate relief. It has cured thousands.
7> Here Is a Late Cure.
ISLETON. Cat, January 27, 1897.
DR. A. T. SANDES- Dear Sir: When I purchased your Belt 1 had been troub ed for four years
wttb acute nervous dyspepsia. I was unable to digest my food and bad violent pains in my stomach
and back and was genera. ly debilitated. I was restless and nervous and could not sleep nights. Now
I can sleep well, and tne pains and distress in my stomach and hack are all gone. 1 feel better than I
have done for years. lam recommending your Belt to all my friends. Yours truly,
- \V. M. HUTTON, Isleton, Cal.
Are you a dyspeptic ? Then get Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt and bo cured.
If you are in aonbt read Dr. Sanden's book. "Three Classes of Men." It is free, sealed, by
mail. A personal call may save you years of misery. >
If you cannot call send for the book with full particulars free. Call or address
SS-A.lXrX>^S3Nr XIXjEJOTSIZO GO..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. Ito 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los An«elO3 Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
NOTE.— .Make no mistake in the number— Market street.
ILose cms RELiE yii ;
good the $2500 forfeited by Van de Vere
are M. J. Kiijby of 105 Castro street and
David Dunn.
LOST HIS MOTHER'S MONEY
Young Tyler,- 111, Unconscious and Xeg
lected, is Bobbed Aboard the
Walla Walla.
Llewellyn J. Tyler, a young man 22
years of age, is very ill at his mother's
residence, 915 Haigtit street, and there is a
pathetic story connected with hi 3 preaent
condition.
Three months ago he went to Seattle,
Wash., in search of employment. Subse
quently he contracted rheumatism, be
came unfit for further work, and soon ex
■hausied" what little money he ad saved.
He sent to his mother for $10 that he
m ght come home.
The mother made inquiries here and
learned that $10 would secure only steer
age accommodations, so she sent her
boy $20.
He took passage January 14, in the
Walla Walla. Though unwell he was de
termined to save his mother from an ex
tra evy on her slender re>ources, and ac
cordingly chose steerage fare that he
might return the other $10.
The first evening out from Seattle he
was taken with convulsions. They hustled
him out of the warm steerage into a cold,
cheerless place between decks and ielt
him there on a poor little mattress and
sparsely coverpd, though he was exposed
continuously near open hatches to the
j cold ocean air.
The next day 'near noon the Walla
Walla arrived here. Word was sent to
the boy's lather, Charles M. Tyler, who is
divorced, that his son was ill aboard the ,
steamer. On the following day the iataer
went down to the pier.ana was surprised
to find young Tyler not only ill but un
conscious, unattended and exposed. His
face and bauds were blue with cold.
The younc man was taken at once to
the Receiving Hospital and later to his
mother's home, where on the following
day he recovered consciousness and
wanted to know if his mother had got
the $10.
Since then he has been ill at the point
of death, his condition, the doctor says,
having been caused by great exposure.
Upon regaining consciousness he told of
the incidents oi ins voyage up to the time
he was hustled off b-tween decks and left
alone and lost consciousness.
While left alone and out of his bead
some one had visited him and rifled his
pockets not only of the treasured $10 but
ol a purse and small change and his moth
er's letters.
MUST EEPOET BIRTHS.
Board of Health After Physicians Who
Fall to Make Keturns.
Judge Joachiinsen has fined Dr. E. N.
Lowry $5 'or failing to report a birth.
Some months ago Dr. Garrigue was lined
in the same amount for a similar failure.
The intention of the Board ol Health is to
have ail births reported if it is possible to
compel physicians to do their duty in thi3
respect. A circular has been sent out by
Secretary Edmond Godchaux to all pnysi
oians and midwives in the City and Coun
ty to call attention to the section of the
Political Code which provides that physi
cians ana midwives must, on or Lefore the
4th day of each month, make a return of
all births occurring in their practice dur
ing the preceding month. Notice is also
given that prompt arrest and diligent
prosecution will follow any violation of
the law.
Is It a Lottery?
M. P. Light and Mrs. P. J. Grodgens were
arrested yesterday on a charge of running a
lottery. Both were released on bonds. The
complaining witness is Mrs. Annie Schwark of
1000 Mission street. Light aud Mrs. GroJgans
have been managing tue Sunset Purchasing
Club in the Murphy building since Mrs. Eliza
beth Roy was deposed from the position, and
they claim that they are merely acting for the
other members until the club is wound up.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SCMMAUT OF THE MARKETS. 1
811 ver weak.
CoftVe easy and dull.
Wheat, Corn atd Barley lower.
Oats and Rye very quiet.
Hay, Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Rolled Barley weaker.
Bayo Beans higher.
Potatoes and Onions tirm.
Butter ana Cheese about the same.
Eggs a fraction lower.
Poultry plentiful and dull.
Bare glut the market.
Fresh and Dried Fruit unchanged.
Mexican Limes r gain in market.
Provisions as befort'.
Sterling and New York Exchange higher.
Decreased exports of Wine In 1898.
EXPORTS OF WINK.
Exriorts of Wine from San Francisco in 1896
were 14,525,700 gallons, against 14.865,'_'00 gal
lons in 1895.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figure*
st station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any. the amount of I
rainfall, of melied slow in inches and hundredths, |
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid 1
lines, corinec: poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hish barometric pressure and
Is usually arcomDanied by fair weather: "low" I
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded 1
snd accompanied by clouiy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Wasbtncton
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north aud south along the coast, rain is probable:
but wben the "low Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of 'irpgon is improb
able. With a "high" in the v'.rinlty of Idaho, aad
the pressure falling to the California* coast, warmer
weather may be expected ;n summer and colder
weathsr in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU HEI'OBT.
i
I KITKP S-TATFS DkPARTMEST OF AfSRICUI/- I
tire, Wkathkr RrREAV. Sas Fbancisco. Jan.
V:8. 1 i 97, 5-p. m —Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rair falls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall for the past twenty-four hours: ,
Eureka 24. 10 inches last season 23.37, past 24
hours .18; Red Bluff 13.02, last season 13.67, p*st
24 hours .94; San Francisco 11.47, last season
12 24, past -4 hours .09; Fresuo 4 91, last season
4.09. past 24 hours .14: San Luis Obispo 9.82,
iast season l-.'Jo, past 24 hours .04: Los Angeles
8.44, last season 5.91, past, 24 hours .03; San
Diego 6.83, last season 2.80, past 24 hours. 3o;
Yuma 4.66, last season .3"-J. past 24 hours .04.
San 1-rai Cisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 4K mean 52.
An area oi high pressure continues over the
Reeky Mountains and plateau regions. An ex
tensive low area lies off the toast, the center of
whlcn has apparently moved northward during
the past twelve hours. The pressure has fallen
over the northern half of the Pacific Slope and
ris?n over the southern half.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the entire Paciiic Slope except Oregon, where it
has risen rauidly.
Rain has fallen over Washington, Oregon and
California fr>m San Francisco norih.
southeast storm iifjnals are disp'aved along the
California coas' norm of >an Francisco.
Ibe following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Can by 5- miles per hour from the
east, Eureka 26 southeast, and Po.nt Reyes 32
southeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
endlnsr midnight. January 29, 1897.
Nor:hern California— Kaiu Friday, with high
southeasterly winds.
southern Carlfornia— Cloudy Friday and prob
ably ruin, with fresh southeastpirly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, and probably rain in
the northern portion.
Itah— l'loudy Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday ;
probably rain, with high southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIB,
Local Forecast Official.
MEW YOKE MARKETS.
Fiuancial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— Speculation was
•xtremely dull again to-day at the Stock Ex
change, and In a majority of instances the fluctua
tions were trifling. The only wide changes were
in a few of the specialties, c-rtaln of which ad
vanced while others declined. - The trading, how
ever, was so small that no special significance was
attached to any of the movements. The transac
tions aggregated only 87,456 shares, of which
12,300 were American Sugar Refining. No other
stock figured for as much as 10,000 shares. The
fact that quotations from London came fraction
ally higher at the opening did cot authorize the
market to make any response owing to the con
tinued lack of orders for outside account. Prices
yielded i/gfal!; per cent, but the losses were soon
recovered, only to be followed by another decline
which left Uie leading stocks fractionally below
last night's finals.
The declaration of the long-expected 3 per cent
dividend by the St. Paul and Omaha lea to no
activity in thai stock, and it closed with a net gain
of 01. ly i/g per cent. Northern Pacific preferred
certificates were noticeably strong and advanced
from 33% to 5, a well-Known Broadway house.
witti Wellington connections, being a prominent
buyer. Hocking Valley advanced 2 point* early
on the announcement ihat the company had pro
vided for the Interest .ana that the bituminous
coa.ers had settled their troubles. It U understood
tna: the new agreement will go into effect at once. "
Manhattan was sold down 1% 10 59% on a
vague rumor that me company had dccl lea upon i
a new issue of bonds, but mere was a partial re- !
covery on the denial of the story. Long Islanu
fell 2 and recovered 1 percent: Lackawana rose
114 and later lost the improvement: Lake shore
declined a point; Manitoba, on the other haud,
jumped 3. Speculation closed very weak In tone,
owing chiefly to the appearance ot selling order.*
in sui;ar, which carried that stock down to 116%
While the stock marxpi was sluggish, commis
sion bouses report a good inquiry for Investment
bonds. Government bonJs are notably strong,
a.* a result of the extreme ease in the money mar
ket.
Net changes i a stocks show declines of i/ to 1
percent. >or hern Pacific gained li/g auc Hock
ing Valley 1% per cent.
the general bond market was fctrong. Sales
foot d ui> $1,622,000. Illinois Central fours of
1851 rose 2 to 103; Lone Island general tours, 'i to
106; Oregon Short Line sixes certificates, 1 to
115; do Consolidated fives, Vs to 71; St. Louis and
&an Francisco sixes, class A, 2 to 114: do class B,
114 to 114. and Union Klevated sixes. iy 2 to 106.
111 Government bouds, ¥30,01.0 coupons of 192 j
cold at 120 5431-^3^.
Grain.
• FLOUR — Dull: weak. Winter Wheat, low
trades. 92 30@2 35; fair to fancy, $3 50@4 75;
do patents, $4 95@5 15; Minnesota c ear, $3 50
(g,4; do straighui, $4@4 46; do patents, $3 95@
6; low extras, i' 2 3U(g)J 35; City Mills. $.*(cj(s 25;
do patents. $5 20&5 45: Hye m x;ure. $3(g>3 50;
superfine, $2 5U@3 20; fine, «2 sO(.a,li 15. ,
southern flour, dull, easy; common to fair ex
tra, «3*l>o@3 65: good to iboice do. $3 75@4 06.
Bye flour, dull, steady, at $-' 85(g)3 15.
Buckwheat flour. $1 25. .
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 LelfieedorfX St., Tel. Main 1854-
CENTRA X. OFFICE
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson,
Managers- Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Boom). Tel. Main 10 91.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo •
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WX££. KKVV YOEK.
CORNMEAL— Steady, 1 quiet. Yellow Western,
91 BO@J 60.
RYE— Dull; weaker. Western, a9%c c. i- f.
Buffalo.
faARLEY-Dull, weak; £8%@28%c c. i. f.,
Buffalo.
WHEAT-Spot market active, weaker, with
options closing steady; f. o. b., 9:-* Ac; ungraded
red. 74&94 c; No. i Northern, 8.3 c.
options opened firm at Vb® 1 /*^ auvauce on high
er cables, fair foreign buying, ue.ter U'esiern cov
ering; dec lint d 3/ c' on tree unloading, closing
weak at li&@2Vic uuder yesterday with trading
more active. May and July most active.
No. 2 red. January, 82% c; March, 83% c; May,
Bis/ 8 July, BOV4C
CORN— spots null; firm. No 2, 28% c ele
-1 vator, ■29Vs c afloat.
Options were dull and firm at i yß c advance, fol
lowing the West and on firmer cables. May and
July only traded in. January, 28% c; .May, 29% c:
July, boy B e.
OATS— spot dull, steady.
options, dull, firm. January, 21c; February,
21c; May. i'lc.
Spot prices: No. 2. 22c: No 2, white, 24c;
No. 2 Chicago, 23c; No. 3, 22V*c: No. 3 white,
1:3140; mixea Western, 22024 c; white do, 23@29&
Provisions.
LA Quiet, easy. Western steam, 94 16:
City, 93 65; January, $4 15; refined quiet; Con
tinent, $4 60; South American, $4 75; compound,
414 c
PORK-Dull, barely steady. New mess, $8 26
0,9.
i>LTTEK-Qulet. steady. western Creamery,
13@20c: do factory, 7@l4c: Eigins, 20c; imita
tion creamery, H(oil6c. .__.. . „
Crti-.KSK— strong. Fart skims, 5@9%c; full
skims. 3@.<%c. ,_ .„
KUOb— Firmer. Icehouse, percase, $2@3: West
ern iresh. 14% c. easy. City, 3%c; country, SVi
1 ALLOW -Dull, easy. City, 3%c; country, 3%
COTTONSEED OIL-Easy, quiet. Crude, 20c;
yellow prime, 23c 3%@6c; Japan, 3%@
Kick— Firm. Domestic, 3%@6c; Japan, 3y 3 ®
Molasses— Steady; moderate demand. New
.not ASSES— Steady; moderate demand. New
Orleans, 2 2@32c.
CO*'*'KK— Quiet and steady; unchanged to 6
points down. Marrn, 99 36; April. $9 35: May,
99 SB; July, $9 40; September, SB 4b: December.
99 46. pot KlO dull, steady; No. 7, 9y' B e.
sugar— Dull. o«A. sy&S4c; moia a. 4%c;
standard A, 41/ic: confectioners' A, 4J/gc; cut
loaf. 47/gC: crushed. 8 c; powdered, 4%»j granu
lated, *i. 40; cubes, 4%c.
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— .London layers, $1 4001 60; clus
ter*, $1 50@l 90; do 2- crown, 4%<g4%c;3-erown,
5%@5%c: 4-crown. 6y 2 @71,4c.
l±vUi>ES-7i,4©7%c.
}i » cii Ks>— Peei« . 12%@16e ; nnpeeled, 7@9c.
A 1 MONDS— Soft shell, B@9%c: do paper snail.
l]@l2c.
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast. 12%@13c.
WOOL— Dull. Pulled, 18<&31c: 'lexas, 7@l'-'c.
Merchandise.
FIGIRON— Firm. American. $11@13.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $12.
LEAD- Firm. Domestic *3 07%@3 10.
'1 IN— Steady, btraits, SI 70@i3 80: plates,
quiet.
SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic, $3 85@3 95.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 28.— Although there was
more or less nervousness in the wheat market
this morning, prices did not fluctuate as violently
as on the past two days. Success had Imbued the
bears with great confidence, and the consequence
was more firmness was exhibited, shorts covering
considerable wheat and playing for a firm spot to
i put it out again. Llv»rpoo. was steady at un
! changed prices, a tact which contributed as much
i as anything else to the better feeling. The Cincin
nati Price Current reported the condition of wheat
maintained. .Receipts at Chicago were 26 cars
and 45.687 bushels were withdrawn from store.
The Northwest received 182 cars, against 252 last
Thursday and 491 a year ago. A sale of 150,000
bushels of cash wheat for export w^s repor
Later the feeling became weak, the deaianl prov
ing very tame and offerings increasing. Closing
Continental cables were tower. Export clearances
were moderate at 229,691 bushels. In the la.it
half hour prices slumped sharp. y, the market
having nosupjort whatever. .V ay wheat opened
from 76s,rc to 76% c, sold at 77c. declined to and
closed at 74 v c. 1 %i. under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to mor ow *8 cars. No. 2 red, &pot,
wheat ranged from 83% cto 87c, closing about
83 @84% c.
CoKN— Very si ght variation in corn prices took
place. The market was throughout a steady oae,
with only modera.e transactions. The direction
of prices when any change did take place was the
same a? that of wheat. Liverpool quoted a steady
and unchanged m<rKe p . Rece.pts were 222 car.",
anil 13,950 bushes were withdrawn from store.
Exports amounted to 596,769 bushels. May corn
opened at 23 %c,' sold between 23%@23y 8 .-, am
cosing at the Inside, V B c under yesterday. Esil
maied receipts for to murrow 220 cars.
OATS— Trading was far from active In oats, but
a steady tone prevailed. The motive for strength
was naturally derived from wheat Receipts were
164 cars, and 20,767 bushels were withdrawn
from store. Exports amounted to 70,211 bush
els. May oats closed Vs<3i 1 .4 C under yesterday.
Estimated receipts (or to-ino.row 120 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. C'«sb. N0.1,74%t; North
western, 76y 3 c: May, 76%@77c; ..my, 78Vi&
78% c; September, 79%@80C- Receipts were 22
cars.
PROVISIONS — Steadiness to firmness in the
tone of product predominated. There was a lair
dp. and, but it was principally to cover short sales
made recently. The hog market showed little
chance and was unimportant as a factor. May
pork closed 7 Vic uuder yesterday, and May ribs a
suaie lower. May lard unchanged.
BUTTJ- R— The butter market continued firm
tod >y. Fancy makes were in good demand and
offerings were moderate.
Creameries— 2oc: extras. 18@19e: first*. 17@18c;
seconds, 6c: imitations, fancy, 1.-<a»l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts. 14(a)lbc: seconds. 9(tfloc.
Ladles— Extras, 10011c-. tints. bi/ 2 ©9% c; paiKiUi
block. 8c ; grease, 2%@3c; roll uuuer, luc.
EGGS— The suppies were smaller, and buyers
were taking everything offered. The feeling was
firm. Fr-sh stock 16V?c ¥ dozen.
MONEY— Was 4.y 2 ;a.i>X on call and 6% on time
leans. New York exchange sold at 4Uc discount.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT-January, 73y c; May. 74y 8 c; July,
7 : %c
CORN— January, 28c; May, 23»£©23c%; July,
25c. '
OATS— January. 16% c: May, 17% c; July,
IHS/ 8 .
PußK— January, $7 67y a : May, $7 77%.
LARD— January, *3i5; May, S3 97y a .
l'.liiS-January,s3 97%: May, »4.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Jan. 28.-Bup
plies of cattle thlj week have not been large: yet
the demand is not brisk, and prices show no buoy
j ancy. Yesterday's advance of 10c was lost to day,
although the supply offered was but moderate.
About 40.000 have been received thus far this
wee* against 40,529 for the same lencth 01 time
last week, and 42.35U for the corresponding period
in 1896. No improvement is shown in the qual
ity of offerings.. Hogs continue to be held back
on account or the severe weather, and the weed's
receipts will fall greatly short of the last two
weeks. Since Monday but 110,700 hogs have
arrived as compared with 150.339 for the same
portion of lav-, week, 95,170 a year ago and 132,
--038 two years ago. eastern shipper* are, bow
ever, buying sparingly, and prices are no better.
Packers find no competition, and are therefore
able to buy at low prices. A decline of 6c took
place to-day. There was a fairly active local ship
ping and export derrmni fur sheep, and as offer
ings were light prices were steady.
CAT I LE— Receipts, 10 000. i-ancy beeves, $5 20
85 40: choice 10 prime 1350@i700 !b steers, $4 80
<0f) 10; good to choice 1250@i600 &> steers. $4 40(3
4 75: medium steers. 12uO@13SO lbs. $4 05(34 35;
fair beef steers, 900@115U lbs, S3 80<9>* Ou; com
mon beef steers, 950@1150 lbs, $.-i o0(dH 75: good
to prime stockers ana feeders, *3 75fi$4 15; fair to
good stockers and feeders. 93 2003 70: bulls, choice
to extra. 93 3U@3 76: cow* and heifers, choice to
prime, $3 6U(a.i j0; cows, fair to choice, $^ 50(aJ
a 60: cows, common to fair canners, $1 75@2 4&;
calves, to fancy, $5 50(^6 10; calves, common
to good. S3 50@5 40: lexas led steen, $3 4504 25;
milkers and spanners, ¥ head, $25(540.
HoGS-Recelp'.s, 23,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 30@3 471/2: common to choice
mixed, $3 30&3 50; choice assorted. $3 4.3®
3 56; light, 93 dbf&'a 65: pig*. 93 20@3 65.
SHEllP— Receipts. 12,000. Inferior to choice,
$3 50@3 9v; lambs, $3 50®5.
Receipts at Omaha,
FOUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Jan. 28 HOGS-Re
ceipts, 2500. Market weak. Light and mixed,
$3 *6@;> 40; heavy, £3 15f«3 30.
CATTLE— Receipts. iooi>. Market steady to
strons; cows, $1 MX33 OU; feeders, S3@3 90:
steers, 93 50® 1 25.
bUEEP— Receipts. 200. ' Market firm. Mut
tons, 93 bO.
' ■ . Receipts at Kansas City.
•KANSAS CITY. .Mo, Jan. 28.— HOGB-Re
ceipts, 14,000. Steady to 5c lower. . Light, 93 SO®
3 40; medium, $3 80Q.3 40; heavy, $3 17V>@
3 32i/ a : pigs 9300@3 20.
CAIfLE — Receipts. 6500. Steady. Native
steers best, $4 70®. 6): fair to good, $3 20
($4 20; cows and .nelfers. best 93 la@.t 60; fair
10 good. 92 85® * 15; bulls 92 30@316; stock
erj and feeders. $3 20@4 00; lexai and Western,
$2 70@3 80; calves, $s®lv!.
bHh.KP— Receipts, 4uOo. Market steady.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad'
Shares. '
Money on call easy at I^@2%; last loan
iy a %. and closing at I^%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3@3MiV. Sterling exchange Is higher, with
actual business In Dangers' bills va; 94 " 85
for sixty days and $4 «7i/ a for demand.
Posted rates, 94 «si/i®4 BH. Bar silver, 64 16-lbc.
Mexican dollars. 50%r<s5ly a c. Commercial bills,
94 h3»4®4 84%. Government bonds strong; state
bonds dull: railroad bonds higher. Sliver firm.
CXOfiINQ STOCKS.
Am Tei A Cable... 85 North American. 4%
Atchlson Northern Pacific. l4Vs
Preferred 24% ■ Pr.-ferred... ' 84%
Adams Express. ..160 Northwestern 104 i/ g
Alton, Terre Haute 66 ' Preferred. ....... .16.5
American ExpresslO9 NY Centra 1 ........ 93 ,
American Tobacco 73Vi 31 V, ChlcaßO<fest It 12
. Preferred lOiiV? Ist preferred..... 65
Bay Ktate Uas " HVa 2d preferred. 25 ,
Baltimore & Ohio,. 15 N V «fe > H ...... 176 .
Brunswick Lands. - 3/»|.N Y&: New Enr... SB ■
Buffalo, Koch iP. 16% N V' Sosq & W.... ' 814
Canada Pacific 64% ''referred 231%
Canada Southern.. 46 Ontario.... lOVi
Canton Land....... 50% ntarlo Western 14 :< 4
Central Paciac 13 - Oregon lmprovmnt— ■
Ches & 0hi0........ 1714 OPreferred.........
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
Chicago Alton 164 iOr>-!:on Navigation 13
Preferred :....174 Oregon short Lino. 115
Chicago, B & Q.... 73% Pacific Ma 11........ 24%
Chicago <£ B. 1U.... 39 Hcona. D & Kvans 2
Preferred 90 Pittaburj,- & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas. 78 . I Pullman Palace.... 167 V
Clev<» Plttsbunr. 16b y 3 Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 34 1 Preferred 12
Consolidated Gas.. 149 Readme..... 10%
CCCi St Louis... 27 KioGrandecbWesta 12
Preferred 78V31 '1 referred 40
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2 | Rock Island «7»4
•Preferred tO !Rome\Vat&Osrden.ll7V4
Cotton O'l Cert.... liy s iSt L&S W... 4.
Commercial Cable. 160 | Preferred iO<!4
Del Hudson 1068' 8 Pau1............. 76
Del Lack&Westrn. 163 i Preferred i3lVss
Denver <fc R G llVfe -St Paul & Dulutn.. 20
Preferred 481/41 Preierred 83
Distillers. Si Paul <t Omaha.. 49%
General Electric... 341.4' Preferred.. ....... 133
Erie 14%15t Pit <S M. .114
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 65y2
Fort Wayne 166 (Southern Pacific. 14^
Great Northern Dfdl2oy 2 'Southern R li «Vs
(ireen Bay. I Preferred 2*i/fj
Harlem 292 Sugar Refinery 11< 3 /*
Hocking Coal- 3»/i Preferred .101 V*
Hocking Valley... 9% j Term Coal <fc Iron.. 2!-yg
Homestalce 35 ; Preferred 80
H& Texas Central | Texas Pacific 9V*
Illinois Central.... 93y a Tol A A & N Mich.
lowa Central. 6 3 Tol Ohio <fc Central 20
Preferred 241/2 Preferred 60
Kansas <& Texas... 1»V 2 , Tol st Louis &X C &V 2
Preferred 30y a ! Preferred 16
Kingston & Perm.. 3 {Union Pacific 7
Lake Erie & Westn 16% P Den Gulf.... 2
Preferred 671/217 IS Cordage. — -
Lake Snore 162 : Preferred —
National Lead 251-4! Guaranteed —
Preferred »9Va U 8 Express 38
Long Island 44 0 S Leather. 8%
Louisville & Nash. 60% Preferred SI 1 /*
Louisville. Aiony V* C 8 Rubber 22
Preferred 114 Preferred 74
Manhattan C0n.... 9oy 4 Clica & B River. ..l6o
Memphis & Charts 16 Wab SL <& Paclfl& 6V4
Mexican Central... 9 Preferred 16%
Michigan Central.. 89 Wells-Fargo. 98
Minn&SL Western 0ni0n.... 83%
Preferred I Wisconsin Central. 2Vs
Minn <fe st L com.. 18% Wheeling & L 15... 2Vs
Ist preferred 78 Preferred 10 7 / a
2d preferred 47 Am Cotton Oil pM. 54
Missouri Pacific... 21% W U Beef 6%
Mobile Ohio 21 1 Ann Arbor 8%
Nashville & CbMt. H7y 2! Preferred 24
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. IBV2
NJ Central, 89>4 Erie 2d pfd. 19
Norfolk <& West rn. lU/s American Spirits.. 13%
Pretarrud 17 Preferred „ 41
CLOSING BONDS.
Ala Clans A An. 104 Northern Paclsts.ll4
Do Class B 4, 65. 103 Do 2d«.
Alabama, class C. 96 Do 3ds. 808/»
Atchison 4s 8114 Doconsol&s 66%
Do2dsA 47% Or lmprovmnt Ist. 83
Canada South 2ds.lO6Vs Do 5s IS 1 /*
Cen Pac of' 96. O R & N lsts. 11l
CheroKee 4s, 1896.104 Do con sol 5s —
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line .115
DOIB9B 104 Doconsol 71
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6sor '97...
Cues Ohio 65.... 10*v 2 Phlla* Reading 4s HIV*
Ch&NPTr Rets 5s -11 5/r Do Ist pfd incom. 46
DCS-665. 109 V* It Grande West Ists 74
Don &It G Ist 11l ,St L<felroiiMtOeoss 75
Do«s BB%'st L <fe Gen e5..110^4
JErl* 2ds 65 ISt Paul Consols ... ISO
FtW&DenClty lsts 645/ B l.^t P C <fe Pa lsts ...U6V3
li H& S A 65...... 107 80 Carolina 4y 2 5... 1071/4
Do2d7s. 96 Southern R R 05... 8ay 8
Gen Elec Deb 55... 95y 8 Do Pac Cat Ists.. 10 8
H <t Tex Cent 55...107y 9 Tenn new 3 77%
Do con 61 105 Texas Pac 15t5..... 88
lowa Central lsts.. 96% 'lexas Pac 2ds 112%
Kansas Pa Consols 75 Union Pac lsts 96. 80%
Ks Pa Den Dlvl 15 Vs 4s reg of 1925. 122%
La Cousol 4s. 95 Do 4s, coupon 122%
Missouri funding... V X 4s reg of 1907. 111&/8
JIKTMt 6214 Do4s, coupon.. ..112V 3
Do4s 833 M Do 2s 96
Mobile* Ohio 45.. 68 Do 6s. re.g 113%
Mutual Union .110 Dots, coupon 115
N J Cent Gen 55... 11 (5% Va funding deot... 62%
>' YC*S:Loais4slosV Ho registered
West Gen 65117 Do deferred 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 102 Do trust rcpt sepd 6%
Do 6s j-jj Wabashlst 65...,.106y 8
North west Consols. 141% West biiore 4a 106 3 4
l-o Cell bit 11l •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Ens., Jan. 28.— The spot market
It, lower at 6s llv 2 d. Cargoes are dull at 34s 10% d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 656% d; February. 6s 5%d; March. 6s 6y«d:
May, 6s 6y 2 d: June, 6s 6y 4 d.
6KCCRITIKS.
LONDON. Enb., Jan. •- B.— Consols, 112%: sil
ver, 29 13-16 d; French Rentes, 102 f 70&
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 489
New York Exchange, sight. — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 2'J%
Fine silver, per ounce 64% «5
Mexican Dollars... 62 62%
PEODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT A>'l> OTBEIi ©RAINS.
WHEAT -The market Is off again and very
dv.l. as shippers decline to bay unless at their own
figures. Quoted at $1 35@1 40 ?» ctl for common
grades, $1 42*/ i for average Wo. 1, $1 45 for choice
and $1 s"<!%@l 671/2 ¥ ctl for extra choice milling.
CAM. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, $1 44; ■JO.OOO, $1 44Vi: 6000, $1 441 8
Second Session— May— lß,ooo ctls, $1 43V a ;
8000 si 4K3/g.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls.
$1 4-21/2; 2000, $1 425^; 10.000, $1 42%; 16,000,
$1 42: '.'OOO, 91 41%; 16,000, $1 413/ 4 ; 12,000,
$1 42y 8 : 18.000, $1 428/s December - 12,000,
$1 21: 2000. $1 2:1.4: 40u0, *1 213/,.
AFTERNOON session — May — 12,000 CtiS
«1 403,4; 2«,0J0, $1 4OVs! 10,000. $1 40; 14,000,
$1 401/4: 8000. $1 40%: 8000. $1 40%. Decem
ber-huOO, $121: 2000, *1 !iO% : 2000, $1 21 Vs-
BARLEY — teed continue* 10 decline. We quote
Feed, 76@80c%> ctl; Brewing, 87i/o@asc.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May -2000 cils, 78Vic; 6000.
783/ 8 c
jl.euular Morning session— May— 2ooo ctls.
77c.
AFTERNOON SESSION— May— 6OOO ctls, 76c #
2000. 7«8/gc.
OATs— jJardly anything (loins. Fancy Feed.
$1 45; Common to good White. SI 10® 1 85. accord
ing to quality. .Black fur feed. 95c(g.$l 10; for seed
91 20@l 30; Gray, nominal; Red, $1 07Va@l 12V,-
Surprise, $1 60@l 60 "& ctl.
CORN— Lower, dull and weak. Large Yellow,
7B@77V»c; small Round do, 90c: White, 76®
77 Vac Veil. v
90(ffi95c 9 ctl.
BUCKWHIiAT-Quoted at 9 1 15@1 25 $ ctl.
' FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
LOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. Bs@s 10; Bakers' extras. $4 90@5; Super
tine 94 15®4 50 ¥ Dbl.
COKXMEAL, KTC— Feed Corn, $17ai7 60;
Cracked Corn. 917 50918 $ ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
uiuhl discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
¥ 100 lbs; t-.ye Flour, $2 75 %>. 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
$6 75: ( urnmeal. 92 36: extra cream do, $3:
oatmeal, 93 60; Oat Groats. $4: Hominy, $3 10
@8 30: Buckwheat Flour, 93 20@3 60; Cracked
Wheat. 93 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour
93: Roiled Oats (bbls), $5 50@3 90; Pearl Barley,
93 75@4; Split Peas, 93 60; ureeu do, 94 25 %
ICO lbs.
HAT AND FKEDSTCFFS.
Rolled Barley is weak in sympathy with the raw
product.
BRAN— SI 2 50013 for the best and 912 ft ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 9IB@I9 for lower trades and
920@20 60 * ton for the best.
FtEDSTUFFS — Itolled Barley, $18 » ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, «26 50 * ton; lODblng'
927 60; clipped Oats, $1 3u(<zil 50 * ctl.
HA V— Wheat, $f@ll; Wheat and Oat, *7<a
10: Oat, $6@9; Barley. 97@8 50; River BarieyT
*s(gi6 60: Alfalfa. $6@7 60; compressed, $6®
8 60; stock, $5@6: Clever, 9«@B ft ton.
STRAW— 2afeooc 9 bale.
BEAMS AND SEEDS.
Bayo Beans are doing better. No other changes.
BEANS- $1 50@l 571^ f> ctl; Small
Whites, sl l6(.Al2s?.ctl: Large Whites, 91<ai 15 "A
ctl;P nks, «1 06@l 20: Reds, SI 10@l 20: Black
eye, 91 10@l 15: Re<l Kidney, $2 50: Llmas, $1 60
©1 70: Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, * l 1 s@l 30.
SEEOis— Brown Mustard, $2 50(5:2 75: Yellow
Mustard, SI 76(i«2 V ctl; Flax, $1 35@1 40- Canary
6eed, 18/4^-^l/40 V. ft; Alfalia, 6Vic; Rape. 2V 2 @
2»/iC; Hemp, be; Timothy. 4VsC
DRIKD PKAS— Miles, Sl@)l 20* cU; Green,
91 40@l 60 V ctL ■
POTATOES, ONION >, VEGETABLES.
The firmness in Potatoes and Onions continues.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@2y 3 c^ ft; Sweet
Potatoes, 91 25@1 60; Early Rose, 70@80c; River
Reds.66@)7sc; Burbank beedlines. 60@75c ctl for
Rivers and 76c@91 16 for Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. 90c@>91 la. , .
ONIONS— 9I 26@1 70 VI ctl: Oregons, 91 75@?.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c@i«l
V dor; Hothouse Asparagus, h@2sc V Ib: Rhu
barb, %< box; Los Angeles summer Squash,
75c(#91 box: Los Angeles Gre^u Peppers. 26®
60c: Mushrooms. B@l6c 3* Ib; Marrowfat squash.
95(g»6 ~f. ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@$l ■$
box: Dried Peppers, 7@Bc fl Ib; Green Pea», 4@sc
* Ib; Los Angel^s String Beans. 4#loc: Dried
Okra,B@9cl* ft.; Cabbage, 40@50c *ctl; Carrots,
25®30c * sack; Garlic, 1 Vb@2c 9 Ib. '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS. .
, BUTTER— Receipts from Humboldt have so far
diminished that a separate quotation Is no longer
warranted. Fancy Creameries keep up to previous
quotations. , ,
Ckeamkky— Fancy Creameries. 20@22r; some
specials bring more: seconds. 18@19c s* lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 15@16c: good to choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, 10@12c %» Jb.
Pickled— 13@14c 'ft ft.
FIKKIN— IB@I4C %t lb-
Creamery Tub— l6@lßc 9 Ib.
CHKEsE-No farther change. Choice mild new,
10(6)10 y 2 c 9 tb: common to good old, B<&9c; Cream
Cheddar, ll@12c; Youn? America, lie: Western,
ll@12c: tagtern, 13@14Vic. *
EGGS— Another fraction is lopped off the quota
tions. Kanch Kkks. 17^@20c: store Eggs, Id®
17c; Eastern, 16c "<s> doa.
TOULTKY.AND GAME.
POULTRY -Prices show no particular change.
The market continues well supplied.
• Live Turkeys, 12@13c 9 Ib for GobDlers, 13®
14c «* Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c * Ib:
Oeese. pair, $1 B0@; 75: Ducks. 85ta\7 HP dozen;
Hens, $3 £o@4 50: Roosters, .voun*. S4@s & £«»«
do, old, $3 5U@4; Fryers. $4@4 50: Broilers, $3 50
f|4 25 for large and 82 50©3 '-'ft for small: Pigeons,
$1 50@;j * doz for young and $1 for old.
OAiuK— Hare are lower and g:ul th« market.
English -nlpe, 82 50: Jack Snipe, $1 50: Hare, 50
@76c; Babbits, $1 50 for cottontails and $I@l 25
lor small; Gray Geese, $2 £>o@3; White Geese, 81;
Brant, $1 26@l 6U: Honkers. $4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FKUIT3.
Prices show little or no change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, @tl %4 box lor choice, $1 25@1 60 for
fancy Red, 50@75c for common; Eastern, $1 60
(A/- 1 50 $ bo).
Fears. 2B@tsOc ft box.
Fersi ii mon.H, 35@65c % box.
BKRRIES- ""
Eastern Cranberries. *8(5.7 60 V bbl.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Mexican Limes are again In
market. Mandarin Oranxes. 86c@*l * *ox: Navel
'ranges. *2@2 60; Seedlings, *I@l **: demons.
75c@8i 50 tor common and 82@2 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes 8b 50@6: California Limes,
$1 50@l 76; Bananas, $l«tii ~t> ounch; Pineapples,
»2@a ii doz. . r_
I.IIIKL FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
iarload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moor narks: Prunes, !P*c for the 4 sizes. Peaches,
4@sy a c for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
9(g»iou for peeled In boxes; Apples. 5@5V«3 for
evaporated and 'J@'jy 2 tor sun-dried; Pears, 2Va
@5c for prime to choice. 4@syjC for quarters ana
6@6y 2 c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted and lJ£c
for unpitted; Nectarines, 3ya@4y a c for choice and
6V2C for fancy: Wnite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2y 4
@2Vic
j Jobbing Pricks— Peaches, 4y2@sVip %* ft>:
fancy, 6%®7y 2 c ft Ib; peeled. 12y c V a>- Apri
cots, 6V»®9c ft; iancy, 10c: Moorparks, 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5%c; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 33/i@4c tor the 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an 1 3@3y«c forpressed: white i-lgs, 4c;
Plums; 4y 2 &sctor pitted and l^c for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4!g,Bc %i tt> for prime to fancy; Pears,
2y 2 (aisc for wnole, 4y @sy c for quarters and
4i /a <"d)6yoC for halves.
RAISINS—
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, 5»/gc;
three-crown, 4S/ 8 o f* Ib; two-crown, 38/ c V id,
seedless sultanas, 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 48/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, 81 50;
Dehesa clusters, 82 60; Imperial clusters, 83;
dried rapes. 3c 19 Ib.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco — Four-crown,
loose. 53/ 4 C; 3-crown, 484 c: 2-crown, S3/ie: seed
less Sultanas, 53,4 c. »■ ertless Muscatels, 4Vac;
3-crown Lonaou layers, $1 25: clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, 82 75: imperial clusters, 83 25.
NUTS— Cheßtnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts,
6VsS»7c $ tt. for standard and 9@9y 3 c i* tb for
soitshell; Almonds, 6@tsygC tor Lauguedoc, 3®
3 Vic for hardshell and~»a9c » Ib for paper-
Peanuts, 4©6 c%l Ib lor eastern ana 4c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. s(g>-;c Ib; Pecans, 7y«O
8c ft Ib; FUberts, 7y»@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Bc;
Cocoanuts, $4@6 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12y 3 c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6®s^c;
light amber extracted 4%@4%c; dark amoer,
4@4y 2 c: dark. 2(a.3c * Jb.
BEESWAX-22@26c * Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c Ib for heavy, 7c
$ tb for light medium, 9V»c for light, 10c * !b for
extra light and liy 3 c?t 11* for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@iay 2 c: California
Hams, 10@10VsC: Mess Beer, $7@7 60: extra
mess do. 88@8 60: family do, $9 50@10; extra
prlmo Pork, *7 50 @ 8: extra clear, »1B * bbi;
mess. 814 ft bbl; smoked Beef. lUc ft B>.
LARD— Eastern, tierce*, is quoted at sy a c for
compound and 6@6y 2 c for pure: pails, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, s@sy cft tb for compound and 6Vic
for pure: half-bbls, 63/ic; 10-tt> tins, 7Vic: do, 6-Ib.
7y 3 c "# Ib.
CoTTuLENE-6®6Vic In tierces and 7%©BVic
in 10- tins. '
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPB.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
■$ Ib under sound stock. Heavy salted steers 8c:
medium, 7c ft tb: light,'- 6c ft tb: Cowhides, 60:
salted Kip. 6c ft Ib: salted Calf. 7®Sc: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides, lZ@l3c i& ft : cuils and
brands, 9@lOo: dry Kipaud Veal, dry Calf,
15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 2U©3sc each: Kids,
6c: Deerskins, good summer, 20c 't* tb: medium,
20c; winter, 10c; Sheesskins, shearlings, 10@20c
each; short wool. 25@35ceach; medium. 30@15c
each; Ion; wools. 40@60c each.
1 ALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3V4«J; No. 2, 2Vic;
retined, sc; Grease, 2c '& tb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@BVsc: middle counties, free, 6y2@7c;
do, defective, 4yj@tic: San Joaqnin, 3@sc; do,
foothill, 6@7c; Lastern Oregon, 7y 2 @9c: Valley
Oregon, fait and lambs', 10@llc %4 tb
HOPS— 6@Bc for lair to choice and 9@loc ft Ib
for fancy. v^j
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 4!«4c; June-
July delivery, 4% 0 ; San Quentln, 84 65; Wool
Bass, Vs@26V2C
COAL- Wellington. W ft ton: New Wellington,
*8 ft ton; Eouthtleld Wellington, $7 60 ft ton;
Seattle, $5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay, 84 75;
Wallsend,B6 60; Scotch. : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. 813 60 In bulk and 815 In sacks: Penn
sylvania. Anthracite Egg, «>ll@>l2 V- ton: Welsh
anthracite. .88®10: Cannel. $8 "A ton; Hock
Springs, Castle Uate and Pleasant Valley, 87 60;
Coke. $U@l2 in bulk and £13 ft ton in sks. •
COFFKE— C. K. Bickford's circular says: "There
haw been no arrivals since our review dated 16lb
inst.. and the natural trend of business has been
greatly cramped by the narrow and poorly assort
ed stock obtainable irom first hand. The desul
tory trade of the past fortnight indicates no altera
tion in the views of holders and no change as to
prices with the exception of good unwashed Salva
dor, which has settled to 16c. Nearby arrivals
comprise, as far as known, the steamers San Juan
due 28th with 3300 bags: San Jose due 31st with
1500 bags, and Amarapoora, at last advices 10
leave Ocos Guatemala, on the i!*th upward bound.
To-days stock consists of 34 Nicaragua, 344 Sal
vador, 866 Guatemala and 28 Mexican— in all 1272
bags, against 5443 bags same time last year." We
quo o:
Costa Rica— _l9V2@2oyaC num. for good to
prime; 3 @lfJc nom. for good mixed wltn black
beans; 16<ij)i <c nom. for fair; 12® 15 Vic nom. for
common to ordinary.
t-ALVADCB— IB@I9c for good to prime washed;
168/4^)17 V 2 c for lair washed; 19@20c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 16Vz@lB%c for superior
unwashed; ltc tor go d unwashed; 18@lby 2 c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican -21®'J1^<|C ft ft for
prime to stricily prime washed new crop; 20 Vi
(S.'JO 3 for goid to si rictly good washed new crop;
19i/i@ Oc ft ft for fair washed new crop:
18y 3 (ail9c for good washed old crop: 16@18Vic
for fair washed old crop; 13@15c for medium
old crop: ll@l3c "pt Ib for ordinary old crop: 83
10&4 C tor inferior to common old crop; 19y 2 ®2oi^iC
for good to prime washed peaberry old crop;
IB©lßi/2C for good to prime unwashed peaberry
old crop.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, sy a c;
Powdered, 6c; Fine Crushed, s^c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ ac; Confectioners' A, 4S/sc: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3y 8 c: Golden C, 3%c; half barrels
14c more than barrels, and boxes y^c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:'
EEKF— First quality, 6y a c; second, s@6c; third
do, 4@sc %* Ib.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small, 7®Bo ft ft.
MUTiON-Welhers, 6y a @7c; Ewes, 6@6^c
LAMB-Sprlng, ; yearlings. 7@Bc ft ft.
PORK— Live Hogs, Slavic ft ft for large and
3i/i@3 3 /gc for small ana medium; dressed do, 4taj
5c %s Ib.
RECEIPT^ OF PRODUCE.
tor 24 HOURS. - .
Flour, qr ska.... 88,603! Cheese, cm...... 170
Wheat, 0i15...... 3,360 Kggi, do» _ 8.550
l:arley, ctls 9.51S Uldos.no „ 366
Beans, sks m 386 Pelts. bdl» ...... 1v.6
Corn, ctU... ...... 285 Wine, pals.... — «5,400
Oats, Nev. c;ls.. 370 Brandy, ga15.,... 1,000
Potatoes, ska ... 3.H76 heather, r0115.... 24
Onions. sij...._ ■ 439 Tallow, ctls. — 100
Bran. Bks 680 Quicksilver, fljXi 74
Middling*, ski... Wool, bi5........ 24
Hay. tons _ 261 Lumber. M fa.»u. JO
Straw, tons. JO Mustard Seed, ik 271
Butter, ctls.. 227
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph G. Levensater to John Blggio, lot on NW
corner of Lombard and Franklin streets, W
27:6 by N 100: $10.
Wllhelm Wenipp to Anne M.. Wfmpe, lot on S
line oi Oak street, 137:6 X or Buchanan, E 82:6
by S120; girt.
J. B. R. i ooper to J. B. H. Cooper, lot on X line
or Dcvlsadero street, 40 S of Bush, N BO by &
82:6: *.<)
Philllppina Goller to Bernardlna Hildebrandt,
lot on h line of Klgln Park 100 S of Hermann, S
25 by & 75 gift.
John and S-opbia Elaer to Joseph and Jennie
Ptapletou, lot ou N line of Hill street, 254:6 W of
Church. \V 60:11 by N 111; $10.
i ora M. Koscial."iwskl to Louisa Borcbard, lot
on X line of Twentv-sixtb street, 323:4 Wot
Church, W 50 by N 114; $10.
Anna A. Heney to Jillen M. Mowry, lot on X
line of Folsom street, 165 8 of Twenty-third, —
31, E 12i:6, N 48:'iWj, SW l'J3:7; also lot on E
line of Mission slieet. 100 N of Twenty-fourth, E
122:6, N 109:11%, W to Mission 193:6, N to
Twenty-fourth. S 93:6: also lot on *. line of
Montgomery strpet, 114:7 8 of Union, t>9l:B by X
91:8, quitclaim deed; $100.
Ganon Francois Cordler and Rene Oodefroy
Cordier to Clarlsst* J. M. (i Cordler, lot on E line
of Kearny street, 511:10 1,3 N of Callfornli, N
17:101/2 by E 62:6: also 10.. on 8 line of Commer
cial str.-et, 60 Eor Momeoraery, E 40 by 8 60: $1
•nd gift.
Henry Pierce to William and Maggie E. Bu
chanan, lot on E line of Larlcin street, 110 s of
Jsckaon, 527:6 by E 82:6: $10.
Kdison Light and Power Company to ban Kran
clsro <»as and Electric Company, lot on NW line
of Jensle street. 1:25 SW of Third, SW 130 by NW
80; $10.
Han Francisco Gas Light Company to samp, lot
ou E corner of Fifth and Howard streets, NE 275
by HE 276; also lot on 8E line of Howard street,
275 NE of Fifth, NE 25 by SE 155: grant.
Tubbs Cordage Company to Amy Crone, lot on
W line of Tennessee street, 251 S of Twenty
second (Sierra), W 106, N 65:5. 8E 114:4; grant.
AI.AMEPA COrNTY.
Patrick Byrou to William G. McMullln, lot 01 E
line of Hav.-n street, j25 Nof B N 25 by E 185,
being subdivision B in lot 3, block 802, Watts
Tract, map 2, Oakland; $5.
H. c. *. ampoeu and T. B. Kent (treasurers for
Charles H. Frost) to Han Franc. sco Savings Union,
lots 1, 2. 4 10 10, 12. i 3. 17 to 30, 33, 3S, 89 and
40, Frust's 1 hirteer:tn-avenue Tract. East Oak
land; also lot on SW line of East Twenty-sixth
street, 448.41 SE of Thirteenth avenue, SW
142.33, MS '.'6.14, KH 144.68, NW 26.49 10 begin
ning, bt-ing portion of lot 16, Frou's Thirteenth
avenue Tract, East Oakland: $10,630.
John R. and as trustee of tne estate of William
H- Glascock, Mary W. Uiascock and Mary A.
Blow to Jo n J. Johnson. ,0. on S corner of East
Twenty-eighth street and Kieventb avenue, SW
121.20, SE 116.29, NX 121.37, NW 110 to begln
ninv, iip.uj. o;s 14 and 15, Templeton Tract; also
lot on SE line of i-.ieveatti aveui.e, 201.20 ftW of
Kast 1 wen y-eighth street, SW SU, sE 122, NX
69.07, NW 120 to beginning, being the NE 30 feet
of lot 11 and »W 20 feet of lot 12. same, East Oak
land; 810.
J. A. Patton to William Patterson, lot on N line
of Blake street, 207 E of NE corner of Blake street
and , ii 39:9 cy N 134:6, block A, Leonard
Tract, as recorded, Berke'ey; SlO.
Peter E. Nhuceu to Antonio Gomes, lot 16, block
D, titch Tract. Alameda; 810J0.
Frederick aud Charlotte H. Killott to George S.
Haly. lot 1, Buena Vista Terrace. HaywarJs, quit
claim deed. Eden Township; $10.
Kvertat D. Jones to James C. McKee. lot on E.
corner of East Eleventh street and First avenue,
M-. 100 by SE 60, b.ock 27, Clinton, East Oak
laud: 810.
L. L. Fl!nl (by Tax Collector) to A. L. Payne,
lot 61, Piedmont Tract, Oakland Township; 8L
Lottie and . ttoPeier to Oakland Loan ana In
vestment company, lot on W line of Newbury
street, 220 N of Ashby avenue. N 40 by W 126,
lot 12. block A, A-eltue Trac, Berkeley; 810.
A. l>. and Eliza M. Lemon to Jacob Rothschild,
lot on W line ot Fourth stree., 142 53 S or Chau
niug way, S 60 oy W 122, being loti 8 and 9,
block 131, corrected map of A very Tract, Berke
ley; 810.
Charles a. Bailey (executor estate of George R.
Bailey) to George F. Lyon, block 9, bounded N by
Russell street, fc. by Harper, Sby Masou and W
by Regent, being a portion of Central Park Tract
on amended map of reaubdivlsion of Central Park,
Berkeley; 9 21i>0.
Mary K. Morris to H. C. Morris, all of the
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
H. c. Morris to Delia M. Wbarton, lots 27 to 30,
re übdivlsiou of block 34, same; $10.
Jose T. soares (by commissioner* to Jose de S.
Bettencourt, the s i,. a of SE \± of section 2,
tuwnship 2 a, range 2 \V, Eden Township; 82U50.
Carrie A. Latourette to Sophia Todd, lot on BK
line of Seventeenth avenue, 80 NE of Ka«: Twen
ty-second street, NE 60 by SE 130, block 72,
Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East Oakland: $5.
Jliiroelia f. Ka.e.gh to .\nson S. Blake, lot on
SE corner of Fair view avenue and King street, .->
100 by E 120, being lot 57 and portion of lot 58,
Regent-street Homestead Association, Berke>ey
(to confirm aeed In 406 d. 404) ; $10.
Anson H, and Anita s. Blake to Fd ward Clem
ensen, lot on S line of Fairvlew avenue, 80 E of
King street, E 40 by S 100, being portion of lots
57 and 68, Regent-street Homestead, Berkeley;
•00.
11. M. and Grace J. Miller to Harriet H. Green,
lot beginning at a point 175 E from NE corner of
Dwlght way and Bowdltch street, E 127-41 by N
300, being portion ef lot 1, block 8, College Home
stead Association, subject to a mortgage, Berke
ley; 810.
Adelai.de A. James (administratrix estate ot
Emma E. James, by commissioner) to ' akland
Bank of Savings, lot on NE line, of Jackson street.
60 SE of Cameron, SE 100 by Nr.. 150, being por
tion of lots 6 and 7. Ghirardeili Tract, excepting
portion oeginning at common corner lots 6 and 9,
Ghirardeili Tract, thence SW 80, NW 50, NE 50,
KE 60 to beginning, being portion of lot 6, Ghlr>
ardelli Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1632.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Manuel J. Cabrel,
lot 7, block B, Andrew Jones' suodiviiion to
Brooklyn 'lownsh.p, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Chares Austin to Laura E. Aus.in, loi on s Hue
of Ra:lroad avenue, 100 W of Walnut, street, W
50 by b 217:8, being lot 12, block 23, lands adja
cent to Encinal, A.ameaa; gut.
John Dahl to Lena Oisen. lot on N line of Bail
road avenue, since widened to 80 feet, 316:8 W of
Walnut street, W 33:4 by N 140:2, being portion of
lot 3, block 24, less a portion taken fur widening
Railroad avenue, map of lands adjacent to Enci
nal, Alameda; 810.
Builders' Contracts.
Dr. Julius Rosenstlrn with Richard Lutge,
wrought-iron grillwork for a six-story brick butia
lng on NW corner of Sutter and Hycie streets, s-al
neid & Kohberg architects; $1640.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The C'omstocks were stronger yesterday, with
an increased business in several of the leading
stocks, but the market was weaker at the close.
Special meetings of the Bodte Consolidated, Hul
wer Consolidated and Mono bave been called for
February Ib for the purpose of authorizing the
dislmorporatlon of these companies, their prop
erty having been aold to the standard Consoli
dated.
In the Crown Point mine for the week ending
January 25 they advanced the west crosscut on
the seventh floor of the 800 . level raise a distance
of 17 feet since last report, making its total length
41 feet. It has passed through a body of quartz
10 feet wide of low grade, ami entered the west
wall at the west end of the crosscut. They have
started a south drift In the - quartz from the cross
cut, which is out & feet: the lac* is la quartz of
the same value and character as described in the
crosscut. They are repairing and retimbering
where necessary.
The yield of the Belcher mine for the past week
amounted to 34 tons of ore, the average top car
sample of which was $29 77 per ton.
LOAi.ii *.**&»..
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
stock Board yesterday: ■
REGULAR MORNING SESSION. COMMENCING 8:30.
200 Andes 16 ,ISJ Conn. ...1.25 60 Ophlr ...1. 10
6UO Beicner..- 37 1000 Con 1m..02 200 Ovrmn....U
200 B<6B 61 iUU C P0int.. ..86; 20 J Poton f>s
100 62 100 ............ 38 .>OO Sen 8et.... 11
jO - ChalUe. ..64 201) U «fc C 4bJOO a Nev....47
300 i iio,r 88 550 Alex 4 . 10 Union C... 41
300 CC<feV...2.U6|V;OO Occdl 9BOUOO » JJMS*t..37
AFTERNOON' SESSION— 2:3O.
100 BAB 66400 M4.N..UO' 60 Savage ....50
100 Cb11nge...64 35J Me.xcn.. . . 500 Beg 8e1. ...11
500 Choir. ....»6 Ophlr... 1.15 200 6 Xt 60
250 CC<fcV...2.l;> 150504 C..35 200 Stanrd..l.6&
100 .........2.21 200 .......3L'j2od Uni0n. ...43
200 U&C s!t I -
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BEfUILAR SESSION— IO:3O.
400 Alob»..l2Va!'oo CC& V...2.00 200 Ocod 19
isOO A1ta....~.0e 200 2.02% 500 20
303 Andes.. ..lt '-'00 2.00 6JO 21
2UOU Belcher. 37 300 2.07U> 300 Ophlr... 1.10
2800 88 200 2.10900 1.16
300 -.37% 400 2VB-'OO 0vrmn....16
1000 848...ii5,i:W 2.lotfOJ Potoai 58
800 ». M 00. .......2.17% 10U c c....47
30» «5 100 Conn... l.Vsa 100 48
1900 tfbsoo Kxcbqr...Us 100 4V
3U.) J u11i0n....06 700 U<&C 48 *00 50
400 Caleda....lK 100 49 700 Scorpion. .o3
lUUJ cuailge..6« 8 0 51 VfOO bß<fcM....ll
200 600 H<fcWl.l7% 100 S Key.....47
10J choir..... 88i5l>0 1.10 800 49
600 ....93 1000 Julia.. 02 1000 811 H1U..01
200 94 200 Justice... Oß •60 btnrd 1.72%
2000 U 1mp. ..01 300 Kpntck....O4 2UJ UnUin.....4*
2000 . .02 1600 L Wash. ol 300 43
600 C Y. -.0- 200 Mexican.. 47 700 Utah 05
40J CrwnPt..37 600 4b 180U V JC<i._37
901) 38300 50 iOO 3B
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2:30.
300 Alr.li* IS 300 Ch011ar....»420 • o D hir....1.15
200 Alia 08 15J Conn 1.22y 3^60 1.17%
660 Andes ..It 40 J C I'oinu . ,;^7 500 I\,
100 Belcher. ..37 300 Exchqr. .05 30j P0i0ii.....&8
300 38 300 U &U....61 «00 f>6
251) B*B. 66 300 50 401 »ava«e...&o
600 64 30J Hdtin...l.2t lUOO Bcorplono3
400 .....6a400 ~.1.2l; .'OO 58& M...11
500 8n1110u.^.06 400 Julia .....08 30J HNev^.,49
400 Caleda. .VIS 300 Kenuiclc.Oi 60 5tnrd...1.70
200 ChalUe...Ss 300 Mexican. .49 .'OO Uni0n.... 44
700 DC* V... 2.15 300 ....... ..... 48 3OJ UULH....-04
250 ... 2.171/; 200 0c01dt1....21 400 V JOlti ....30
800 .S^iOO 0vrmn....16
ILOSIKG QUOTATIONS.
THUKSUAY, Jan. 38 -4 p. v.
iiSl vm. ... «8 0i» JllgMc^; •;; 04 Ob
Andes.""ll!n 16 17 Kenmcfc 03 C 6
8e1ch«:".... 37 38 Lady Wash.... - (2
Best Belcher 64 Mexican 47 48
Be ton C0n.... 17 ■'• — ! Nevada yaeett. — t4
tjallion .- 06 06 Occidental..... 21 23
Caledonia, 12 13 Ophlr 1.10 1.15
Cliollar ... 94 95 Overman...... 14 15
Con.CalAVa,.. 10 2.16 fOtOsL .._. 64 65
Clialleuco Coo. 61 63 ravage. « 48 60
Con. Imperial. 01 l: scorpion.. <>M . OS 05
Confidence.... 1.20 1.25 teg;. Beicbae... 10 11
con New Yore - US silver Hi 11.... 01 iv:
Crown Point... 37 38 -sierra .Ner»Xi» 49 50
h.ast»ierraMer — W Standard 1.66 1.70
Eureka Con... — i.l Syndicate. ..„ 02 ' L 4
Kxchequec... — Ot UnioucHia 42 43
Uoula dc Curt- 49 50 uuui U4 1)5
iii.it*. iNorcra. 1.20 - 1.26 i eIIOW JAiilb*. 35 37
Jackson — 36 •
bAUC<x ANi» BONO JtXCHANGB.
THURSUAY. Jan. 28 -2 P. m.
tjcniJi BTAXIB SON 1«.
JHrt.Aikca.l StA. jttked.
CB4s coup. lll — U S4sreg...lotf HOi/a
Do new issuel2l ■— |
mscKlL«.Niu)r, imyrM.
Cal-stCbless.Hoi/| - Oak Gas 55.. — 104
Cal Elec L 65128 — Do 2d is 65. . . 108 '109
Cntra C\V 6s 92 y a 96 Omnibus Us.. 1 21 122 ,
Dpnt-stex-cp — 87% P&OKyBj. - 11
KdsnL&P6sl2B- 120 . P&ChKy 6s. 100 103-
FdtCHKKOsIOI 107 Pwl-st KB Bjll4 119
Gearv-st K6sloU - Reno, WUL —; 10
11 Cib 5 Vis. 103 — facto P& L. - . 100 ;
Losah;LSj - 100 . BFA^PBSi.. 99*41001/4
BoUnteed 6s — 101 6PBBAriz6s 90Va 94
MKt-stCble6sl22% - !>PBRCal6s.ll2 •• - :
DoKyc'on b5.106 10d"/4 sl'RKcalSs. . — 100 .
Nat Vines Ist — ' 100 -PBrßCal6s. 97 ' 951.4.
NevCNgK7s.lO2 105 SVWater Us. 119^120 '
NKy Cal 6s. 101 107 I bVWater4s.looy.lol
NBy cal 6s. - ' 95 StktaU<fcE6J — 101%
. ' ■W4TKB STOCK*. ' " ■' '
Contra Costa 34 36 iSprng Valley »7 —
MarlnCO. — t 62 | ... -. .
CAS AND KLBCTRIC KTOCKS.
Capital......; '_ 25 Ftc ..as Imp 9214931/3
Central....... 96 — Pacific Lt*bt, 48 Vi^ —
fid.son UjjbH27i/4128 San Francsco 39V 4 —
M Elec Llgnt 98,4 9% Stockton — 'Jit
OalcG L&Vi 54 64% >
COMMKBCIAL BASK BTOCIC*. »■
Anglo-Cal 50 — First Nation! — 182%
Bank of Ca1.. 258 240 LondonP<fcA.]»7% —
Cal»l>d:TC'olo73iilo MerohEx.... Vi -
INSDKANCK RTOCKV
Flreman'sFdlßo 190 |Sun .......... — —
uvism BANK STOCKS.
GerSiLCO.. - I*6o SavALomn. _. 10*
HumbS&lj.llOO — Security...— 2« 905
Mn™aU~.... 33 - UalonTrust.Bls 900
BFSav Union — 480
BTBKZr BAtLBOAn WTOOItt.
California... —HO OakßL&Hay — 100
Geary™.... - W> Presidio 4% 6%
Markei-5t.... 42 Vi *$ . •
l-L.VVi>l£R STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 17 Giant C0n.... 80 80%
California...: 75 - VUorli. _ 90c
Eastern D.... 75 —
mscKi,i.A!fßons stock*
Alaska Pkrs 103%104 |Nat Yin Co — *V»
Ger Lead Co. -HO 100 nceanlcSSCO . — SO
HawCASCa. 17 iT^'PucAuiFA - 4
Hutch sPco 24% 24% PacßoraxCo. 9* —
MerExAssn.. - 110 |ParfPalntCo - 7
BAt«S-MOH>iL3'>* itoH J*
Edison Light A Power 80nd5..... 129 00
150 Hntcblnson s P C 0.... *4 \iv»
85 Mutual i lectric Light * 70
25 do do 9 I-7V4 i
40 Pacific Lighting ' *5 Sh^»
20 &V Water *-7 00 ■
20 do do ....~ 98 87Va
Mrfpi —
25 Bank of California 239 00
25 Hutchinson PCo.. .— 24 12%
100 Mutual Electric Light „ d 75
5000 8 V 4% Bonds. 101 00
SAJLK»— A rTItHHOOX tMitlli,
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con. 29 00
25 do do 29 26
25 do do 29 60
100 do do 80 00
25 do do SO 25
6 do do 30 60
60 Hutchinson 8 Co. .' _ 24 25
Id Mutual Electric Light 9 75
25 SV Water 67 00
•— ♦ — *
The son and heir of the Grand Duke of
Saxe- Weimar has what is declared to be
the most peculiar face in Europe — one side
of it being continually expressive of joy,
while the other side wears a look of deep
sorrow.
TBS CALL CALENDAR.
Jajtuaky, 1897.
w.
I Fr.j
1 j
®'New Moon.
SV Jan. 2.
9
16
11
15
22
®Full Moon.
Jan. 18.
17
\ 21 I
28
Last Quarter.
-J-' Jan. 26.
tILAi M I.A Jli-i..">.
Dat«a of Departure I'rom San Francisco.
HTKAMKR
DKBTINATIOS.
HA 1 1,*.
City Puebia
Kureka
Queen,
Corona
Colombia...
Areata
Gaelic
Coos Bay-..
Farallon....
Walla Walla
Monowal....
C-arlna
Mexico.
State ot Cal.
I Oregon porta.. |
Vie & Pgt Snd
Newport
San Diego
Uumboldtßa. |
Portland j
Coos 8ay.....
i China & Japan
I Newport.
la mi lna Bay.
Vie <_ Pgt Sno
Sydney
Coos -lay
ban Dle.ro.
Portland |
I Jan 29, spm
Jan 29. 9am
Jan 30. 9am
Feb I.llam
I Feb 1. 2pm
Feb 2.10 am
Feb 2.10 am
Feb 2. Ipm
Feb 8 Fam
Feb 3. 9am
Feb 4. 9am
Feb 4, 2pm
Feb 4,12 -
Feb 5.11 am
|Fe> 7.10 am
Pier 13
Pier 9
! Plsr 11
Pier 11
Pier »
{ Pier 24
Pier li
P MS 8
Pier 11
Pier 1
Pier 9
Pier 7
Pier 8
I'W 11
i Pier 24
>'l'tA.llti;s TO AUKIVt.
MpAMIB ] t'BOK j i)c
.> or. x or— . . . .
Karallon !
Wellington... .
Columbia.
Queen ..........
Walla Walla...
San J05e.. ......
Corona
Alliance
Crescent City. . .
Coos Bay
Areata...
Mackinaw
Czarina
Mexico
Tillamook
State of Cat....
Umatilla,
Cleone
Eureka..
Yaqulna Bar
! Departure Bay.
Portland ;
San Diego
j Victoria A Paget Bonn!
Panama -
Humboldt 8ay..........
Coos Bay
Crescent City .......
Newport.'. ......
Coos Bay
Tacoma _,
Coos Bay
san Diego
Portland
Portland.
Victoria A Puget Sound
San Pedro
Newport.
..Jan 29
..Jan 29
..jan 30
Jan 80
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 80
..Jan 31
. . Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
.Feb 2
..Feb 3
..Feb 3
..Feb 3
i-eb 4
..Feb 4
..Feb 4
. Feb 6
bt>", MOON. A>i> 'HUE.
Unitkd States Coast and Oeodktio Bttrvby
Times and HEroHTS of Hioh and Low
Watkhs at Fokt Point. Entravck to
Ban Fraxcisco Bay. Published bt Offi
cial Acthobitt OF THE StTPKBIKTBNDXXT.
Note— The high and low waters occur at. the
City Front (Mission- street Wharf) about twenty
five minuied later than at Fort Point; the height
of tld» Is the same at both places.
January— lß97.
Friday, January i 9.
Son rises 7.17|M00n rises 4.51 am
Sun sets 5.30 1 Moon sets.
Time
|L W
Feet
Time
I H W
Time
1 1, W
Feet
:9i 1.37
10 2.42
11 3.3
Ih w
i 0.00
2 0.35
8 1.05
4 1.80
3.0
3.0
4.4
46
4.6
4.6
8.46
9.42
I. W
4.25
I 5.17
6.08
I 59
6.0!
6.6
5.0
2.9
2.7
2.2
2.0 1
! 3 211-0.9,10.46
I 4.09 —1.0 11.26
4.51 —1.0
HW L W
10.32 5.6 5.28
11.20 6.2 6.(3
12.10 4.9 6.40
| 1.00 4.4 7.14
4.2
-0.7
-0 4
-0.1
0.8
Note— In the aoove exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives tho second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives th» last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
sccurs. The heights given are additions to tne
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MAKINKBS.
■ A branch of the United States Hydrographto
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by •
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Obiervatory at Mare Island,
Cal. . •• •■
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. 8. Hushes,
.Lieutenant, U. 8. X., in charge*
Th« Time Ball.
bxakcs jtyl>bo«baphio OFFIfTR, it. «l !f, \
MERCHANTS' EXCtUSBH v
Sax Francisco. January 28. 1897. >
The time ball on Teiegraon Hlu wai aroooel
exactly at noon to-day— L a., at noon of the 13 Ota
mendlHu. or exactly at 8 *■. it, Greenwich Urns.
■ W. s. UnsHM,
Li^ntenitnt U. 8. .N.. inctiar:e.
SHU>H,>U IM'iiLLXUjiKCIS.
Arrival.
THURSDAY. January 28.
Stxnr Gipsy. Iceland. 19 boors from Moss Lancing
etc; produce, to UoodalL Perkins 4 Co.
stmr Wasutenaw. Crosscup, 80 hours from Ta
coma; 500 to is coal, to ■■ s p <j o . Oakland direct.
o.S ll ?/. T nck Daniels, 90 hours from Astoria
-370 M ft lumber, to D H Biobs Lumber Co.
Stmr EureKa. Parsons, 6t> hours from Newport
a lid way ports; pass ana mase.io Uoodall, Perkini
it Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from
Mendocino and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
docino Lumber Co.- •■- • -
Strnr San Juan, Ankers, 25 days from Pan
ama, etc; pass and mdse, to PM S Co.
i«l?i, mr Jeauie ,' Maso i; 6 days trotu Departure Bay;
1200 tons coal, to < .reson Imp Co. - .
■ Stmr Caspar. Anfindsen. -'4 hours from las
par: J3B M ft lumber and posts, to Caspar Lumber
v-O- *
Ship W P Babcock. Graham, 138 days from New
York; mdse, to Williams, Dlmond & Co.
THURSDAY. January 28.
m Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend : (ioodall, Perkins & Co.
Btmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama; P M 8 S Co.
Btmr Corona. Luran, KureKa; uoodall, Perldna A
Co.
Br ship Seinantb3 : Crowe, Honolulu: Crowe,
master. : '
_Bt bark Con way Castle, Jones, CapeTown; W
R Grace & Ca
_ Br bark Alexandra, B*rfield, Moody vlll«: Welch
A Co.
Called.
THURSDAY. January 28,
i Btmr Oeo Loomls. Brldiiett. Ventura.
- Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Seattle. -
si if Corona Dorau. Eureka.
: Stmr Sunol. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
Stmr State or California, Green, Astoria.
: Btmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort lira;;.
• Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama, etc,
Stmr City of Everett, Laverire, Nanatmo.
' Stmr Mexico. Jensen, s>an Ulega
Ship Yosemlte, Fullerton, PortTnwosend
Ship Occidental. Weaver, Nanalmo.
Schr Reliance, Skipper.
Bchr Barbara Hernster. Jausen.Bowens Laadlnz.
bchr Corinthian, Zaddart, Bthlers Point.
Xelocraphio. ;.
POINT LOBO3. Jan. 28— U • it— Weathsr
cloud/ ; , wlna tiE; velocity 12 mlla. v *""
Charter*
Tee Br ship Duncow toads lumber on the Sound
for Port P Tie, 33* 9d: schr H C Wright, lumber at
New Wbatcom for Honolulu ; Br ship Marlboioucb
Hill, lumber on the Sound for Melbourne or Ade
laide, .-stis 3d. ' ' . • .
Dom»itto Por.i.
ASTORIA- Arrived Jan 28-3tmr Columbi«,fok
San Francisco. «-•»-!-»
J V,^ L ArrlTe<l Jan 28-Btmr Newsboy, henci
S."J',*i\i* n 27 -3tmr Navarro, for Redor.do. ]
SeltUe? lea JBD 28 ~ scnr G W Watson.fm
ECREKA-Saiied Jan 28-Stmr Farallon. for
San Francisco.
tO £. BAY-Arnved Jan 28-Stmr Alliance.hno
JBD JD.
«KATTLK-Pail?d Jan 28-Jap stmr Tlnshin
Mar . v - or Yokohama and Honguong.
ALBION-salled Jan 28-Stmr Weeott, for San
rrancnco
GRfiKNWOOD-Saiied Jan 27-Stmr Oreen
wool, for San Francisco.
hJ^ X T B^ Aao - Arrived Jan 28-Stmr Scotia,
Eastern Port*.
Foreign Port*.
O B^ I ,fr r " Arrlve<l Jan a 5-Br ship John Cooke,
LIVERPOOL-Arrlved Jan n: 7 h;^l^ A »««i
iT °^J,Vc^ BrßMp hence in^A^
l^SSfe*"** J * a 27 -a-£ A t "fn« 8 7 nire,
fof Hiv M r» UTfl " " M Ja ° 27 8r Bhtp «*<*».
QUKBK9TOWS- -Sailed Jan "-* .hip Star
of France, for Dunkirk. v
Movements of Tram- Atlantic Ste^m»-i
NEW YORk-Arrlved Jan 28-3imr Anchorta.
from Glasgow. '"*
BREMEN— Arrived out Jan 28-Stmr L, nn
GENOA— Arrival out Jan 28— Stmr Werra."
SOUTHAMPTON-Sai.ed Jan 28-3tmr Alter
for New York. • '
GENOA— Sailed Jan Stmr Columbia for
New York. v '
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 28-Stmr Zaaodam
for New York. '
■/•": ;;; v. Importation*.
SAN PEDKO-Per Eureka-1 bz clothing, 3skt
mrtse-
Hueneme— l bx fancy goods, 5 pkfs mdse.
Ventura— 6 ens oil stoves, 1 bx dry Roods, 131
bis lemons, 16 bxs limes, 122 bis oranges, 6 ski
dried apricots, 28 cs honey, 1 bx boo«s-
Carplnteria— s pkgs trees.
Santa Barbara— 27 b >is mineral water. 2 bblg
tallow, 10 cs olive o 1. \*t tibi coffee, 3 cs groceries,
1 bx fish. 89 ska crawflsn.
Gaviota— -' bxs batter, 39 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— 3o bis butter. 28 cseggs, 6 big
| fish. 3 pkgs md*e, 35 coi.s wire, 9 bxs apples, 1 st
beeswax, 8 cs cheese, 8 bxs fruit. • •
Cayucos— l tub 68 ojls butler. 2cs cheese, 10 c»
eges, '2 dressed calves, 1 coop chickens, 1 bz flsh, v
3 bdis hides. V
>-an Simeon— l bxchee<e. 1 tub 28 bxs batter, 1 f
coop chickens, 3 cseu«s, 1 pkg hardware, 1 pkg
mdse, 36 bxs butter. 1 coop fowl, sis "res. '£ sKs
abalunes, 60 sks potatoes, 'J4 dressed calves, 6 uxs
fish.
MUSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l cs ezgs, 10
rails.
Santa Cruz— 2 bbls wine. 5 bxs butter, 1 c-i eggs,
19 cscnfMe, 600 bols lime.
Monterey— l3 sks wool, 70 bxs apples, 19 ski
seaweed, 7 sks vegetables, ;' cs paint.
MKNDOCINO-Per Point Arena— 4s bdls hides
ana pelts, 0 pkgs mdse, 3100 posts, 146 M ft lum
ber.
Consignees.
Per Eureka— l) Washle; Washburn * Moen Mf«
Co; Albert Olsen: Wleland Brewing Co: H Kohls
<t Co: Holbrook, Merrill <& Stetson: Wetmore Bros;
Standard Oil Co: Wood. Curtis & Co: A Pall lea; D
Hirscaler; Campodonico Malcolm; Immel Co;
Dodge, Sweeney 0£ Co; Sunset Seed and Plant Co;
0 B Smith & Co; Gray & Barbleri : L Scateiia & i OS
Wheaton, Broon Co; Trumbull * Beebe; FraulC
1 Reed; California Dlstl.leiy Co: C Carpy <t Co: O
R Lucy; A Paladlni: J B InjtUKlia: TUB Varney
Bassett <t Bunker; American Union Fish Co: Yon
Voss&Co: Trobock & Bergen; Dairymen's Union;
Norton. Teller >« (Jo: lliuer, BredbolT Sohul7. :
Labor Exchange: Yon Ronn it Co; Hills Bros: P
Gasman!; Wellman, Peck «i..; Western Meat Co:
Marshall & Keimers; Chat Montgomery & Co; L
Baccala; B.sslngrr A Co; Kowalsky Co; Roth A
Co; H Klrchmann <t Co: C X Whitney & Co: A L
Lockbaum; H N Tllden & Co: Bros 4 Co; J
Schweitzer & Co: a Wyas: De Bernard! A Co; X
Url A. Co: Clabrough & Golcher; H H Sattler
P.r Gipsy-Standard Oil Co: W P Fuller <fc Co:
Wolf A Son: ABaldocchl; Norton, Teller & Co; P
J Marteustein: Dairymen's Union: Stauffer A Co;
Dodge. Sweeney & Co; H CoweU A Co; Pa« Roll
ing Mills: A W Fink.
Per Point Arena— W B Sumner & Co; San Fran
cisco Laundry: Menaoclno Lumber Co; D E Perk
ins.
OCEAN TRAVEL
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY JtgA-.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -fIBBK
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel. Juneau, Ktl-
ltsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi<atcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every Ufth day there-
after,' connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcala and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. if., Feb. 1, 6,9, ii
17. 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa 1
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San l
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. ic '
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every lourtti
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Enseoada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, Ls
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
'Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 1
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market si., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST SIEAMERBTO
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T> XT 1 / SI 3 First-class 1 Including
T iiXvJ!iVB6 Second-class /berth &mI4H
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan.as, Feb. 3, 1% 28
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7. 17,27
Through tickets and through baggat* to alt
Eastern points. Rates and {olden upon applica-
tion to
T. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., superintendent*
fß|B||iMlol The S - s. MONOWAI
Ifcllllir sails via HONOLULU
[•^"■■"•anj AUCKLAND lor
y■■ - . SYDNEY, Thursday.
Ciiy^ I" > February 4, at 2p. m.
«MWmSnID<J S.S. AUSTRALIA for
CyiCfllllJllll/ HONOLULU only,
/smßßry4~ Tnesdoy, Februar- 23.
\yiipUlCq~ at ap M Special party
rates.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO., Agenta,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. San 'Kranclsco.
CO3IPAGSIE GESERAL TR.WSATLA ITIQUI
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH >»-«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by «vCCT^
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. .New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParlsA
first class 160. second class $116. X
LA BRETAGNF, Feb. 6, v.M,
LA NORMAN DIE teb. 13, 9*./
LA BOURGOUNE .I-eb. 20. 5 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 A. m.
LAGASCOGNE M irch 6. 6*.M.
13" For further particulars apply to
■ A. FORGET, Agent.
,•:•" '"■■ - No. 3. Bowling Green. New York,
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
white ma LISB.
United States and Royal Hall Steamer)
BITWEIH
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILIXi . EVJEItI \v XXX.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- /97f15u
ing to steamer and accommodation! WnWC
selected: second cabin, 9 12 50 and . 50: Majey.is
and Teutonic. Steerags Tickets from England, ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, - Norway and £?™ a , r <
through to San Francisco at lowest rates, llcc
Balling dates and cabin plans may be procures
from W. H. AVER V, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company. 613 Market street
x STOCKIW STEAMERS
Leave • Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tip
to .:3U F. 31. . _ ,
fS~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
•1 he only 1i O i- selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all poln.s oo \ alley
lUilroaJ. jj'
IUUrOaU - BTEA3IEBS:
T r; " \niiti>r «*• ij. I etors«
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
', Telephone Main 805. < »'• Kav - and tmpC- Ca '
FOR YALIEJO AP U. S. HATY-YAROI
BT£AM£K "MOXTICKLLO."
Daily ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a.m. and 4 p. it 1
Saturday! »10:30 a. m.. 4 p. *. J
Sundays • 8 r. jfcli
Landing Misslon-stree Dock. Pier 2. W
Telephone Black 281
Trip Klvs 6 hours n'.ou a. Navy- Yard.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS & SANTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
O day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10a.il Alviw
Tuesday. Thurgdav. Saturday, at 3 r m Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco ao«
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose, 76c. clay at. JrWl,PERFECTED THE
WORK OF YEARS
A Haywards Inventor Pro
duces a Remarkable
Rotary Machine.
Engineers Declare That It Will
Result in Great Changes
in Steam Engines.
E. 0. Bernett Says He Has Jnst
Realiz d the Dream of
H;s Lif.v
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 28. j
After many years of patient working
and earnest study, E. O. Bennett of Hay
wards has just completed a practical and
perfect engine, which those who have ex
amined it declare to be the most wonder
ful »nd valuable mechanical invention of
the age.
Many years ago Mr. Bennett conceived
the iaea that it was possible to derive the
greatest amount of force from an engine
■with the least possible material, and his
\tion consists in what is Known es a
"Trotarj steam engine which is as powerful
Vis the ordinary machine ol six times its
weight and size. A delegation of practi
cal engineers was recently invited to Mr.
Bennett's studio to inspect his miniature
engine, which is not so high a? the seat of
a chair, but which develops a force equal
to fifteen horsepower. The engine only
weighs 400 pounds, and receives ampie
steam through a half-inch pipe, which is
but one-sixteenths the area of the stand
ard supply pipe of the ordinary engine of
the same power, w hie the weight of the
latter is about 2500 pounds, or six times
that of Mr. Benneit's invention.
Mr. Bennett has spent most of his life
in solving mechanical problems, and his
invention attracted much attention in
San Francisco before his ill-health made
imperative his removal to the softer air of
Haywards.
His little engine is composed of but nine
parts. There are no parts that require re
pairing, tightening up or adjusting to
wear, neither are there any packing or
stuffing boxes, as alt wear is automatically
taken up by the parts themselves.
In describing his engine to-day to a
party of interested mechanics Mr. Ben
nett said: "It is decidedly a pressure en
gine, for the steam that once enters it has
got to move something- to get out. In
propelling the wheel tho steam acts upon
an average area of only five square inches.
Yet it is easy to understand that this is
sufficient to develop great power if you
take into account the fact that there is no
dead center to overcome nor heavy fly
wheel to move, but a continuous and di
rect action of the steam upon t!:e work ;
without the intervention of excessive !
weieht and multiphcaiion of parts causine ■
more or less 1 fiction.
"As soon as I have progressed a little !
farther with my experiments I shall i
patent my ideas both in this country and
abroad. I am now preparing to make
some very extensive tests, and 1 am con
fident that they will show most wonderful
jfres- ..its and prove to tiie world that a prac- j
■kal and perfect rotary steum-engine has I
W'> iß»t been produced, and that California |
*viil add one more successful invention to
tne long list she has already produced."
OOLOEED POLKS' HOME.
Elects Officers And Decides to Cont
inence Building in June.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— The Colored
Ladies' Old People's Home Association
elected the following officers to-day at the
annual meeting:
President, Mrs. A. T. Stanford; first
vice-president, Mrs. Louisa Jackson; sec
ond vice-president, Mrs. C. Frazier; third
vice-president, Mrs. 0. Goldstone; treas
urer, Mrs. Ella Smith; financial secretary,
Mrs. R. LeeKß; recording secretary. Mrs.
M. Williams; assistant recording secre
tary, Mrs. J. White; corresponding secre
tary. Mrs. Thomas Pearson. Banting
committee — Mrs. J. Oliver, Mrs. M.
Humphries, Mrs. A. Gardiner. Auditors —
Miss W. Van Alstyno, Mrs. C. Harland,
Mrs. J. Shorey. Advisory board— Eiuers
E. J. Edwards, Thomas' Pearson, F. F.
White, L. D. Gardiner, F. W. Moore,
■
MR. AND MRS. FRANK (NEE EHRMAN).
Miss Mattie Ehrman and Albert Frank were married last evening in the recep
tion-rooms of the verein, corner Post and Leaven worth streets, the Rev. Dr.
Voorsaneer officiating.
Miss Agnes Brandenstein was maid of honor and Miss Grace Hecht, Miss
Martha Trial, Miss laa Son nnd Miss Olpa Sutro the bridesmaids. Lex Ehrman,
Manfred Brandenstein, Bernard Kosenberg and Leon Greenbaum officiated as
usbtrs.
Joseph Francis. J. C. Rivers, William Ale-
DonaJd, T. B. Morton.
The convention adopted a resolution to
build in June.
LIKES FOLSOM' S CLIMATE.
Burglar Jennings Tells Why Ho Doei
Not Like San Quontin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— John Jen
nings, the burglar who terrified a com
panion at Haywards with an empty pis
tol, was sentenced to three years' impris
onment in Folsom. He asked to be sent
to Foisom, because he said the climate
there was more healthy than at San Quen
tin. Jennings has been a boarder at both
places.
Jennings said that he wanted to live an
honest life, but such a thing was impossi
ble. He wanted to leave the State when
he was dismissed from San Quentin, but
had net the money, 'ihe |5 given to each
man when leaving the prison was used by
him while in the hospital, and he left
with money enough to reach San Fran
cisco. Four days later he was again under
arrest.
Love in a Courtroom
OAKLAND, Cal, Jan. 28.— The habeas
corpus proceedings' of John Howard, the
motorman charged with being jointly
responsible with Dr. Sharce for the death
of Anna Johnson, came up before Judge
O^den this morning. As the evidence
was not all written up, the hearing of the
petition was postponed till next Wednes
day.
Hulda Johnson, the sister of the cead
girl, always greets Howard when he comes
into court, and to-day as they were before
Judge Ogden, he was holding her hand
and she was drawing her fingers through
his hair. Occasionally she would lean over
and kiss him. Howard is a very aristo
cratic prisoner, and refuses to associate
with his fellow-prisoners. This morning
he was highly indignant when he was
handcuffed to Burglar Jennings to be taken
to court. He protested that it was an out
rage to couple him to a common burglar,
but his protest was unheeded.
INTERESTED IN McKENNA
His Appointment to the Cabinet
Would Aff?ct Three Water-
Front Cases.
They Have Been Tried Before Him,
and the Evidence Wou d Have to
Be Presented Again.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call.l
908 Broadway, Jan. 28. J
The Mayor, the City Council, the at
torneys for the water-front suit and inci
dentally the whole ciiy are interested in
Judge McKenna's Cabinet aspirations
At the present time there are three
cases pending in the United States Dis
trict Court that have been heard before
Judge McKenna and which will have to
be retried if Judge McKenna should retire
from the bench. The Mayor, a majority
of the Council, City Attorney Peirsol and
Attorneys Hill & Davi3 were present,
and it was decided that nothing could be
done at this time. The cases are Cook
vs. the city of Oakland, Southern Pacific
Railroad Company vs. Oakland, and the
Southern Pacific Railroad vs. George C.
l'ardee.
Tiie^e suits are the result of the water
front agitation of four years ago, and the
last two are for damages for the alleged
illegal removal and sale of railroad prop
erty from Broadway wharf.
Attorney Davis sated that all the evi
dence was written up and that if Judge
McKenna should retire the cases would
have to be retried. It would, however,
not be so much work as at the former
trials because the presentation ot the cases
on behalf of the city would only require a
review of the testimony already offered.
It was decided that the matter was alto
gether too del.cate to be handled and that
no'«hjng could be done at present, so the
conference concluded with united good
wishes for Jud°e McKenna and his Cab
inet aspirations.
• — ♦ •
Cost of I'seiess Trial*.
OAKLAND, Cau, Jan. 28.— Judge Og
den dismissed the charge to-day against
Albert LeFort, who was held to answer for
assault with a deadly weapon. His attor
ney moved for a dismissal because of a
lack ot evidence and Judee Ogrien grant
ed it.
"Already this case has co«t the county
$200," said the Judge, "and the evidence
ciearly shows that nothing more than a
simple battery was committed, and 1
douot if a conviction lor mat could have
been obtained had the defendant pleaded
self-deiense. Before holding a prisoner
committing justices should consider the
time of this court and also the expense
which it entails upon the county."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
DEMOCRATS RUSH
THE CONVENTION
Seth Mann Will Be at the
Head of Their Munici
pal Ticket.
The Young E'ement Were on
Deck and the 0!d Guard
at Home.
No R cognition Given tho Committee
S:nt From the Cilizns' Party
Convention-
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— When
Charles McCleverty, the old-time Jeffer
sonian Democrat, called the City Demo
cratic Convention to order to-night there
were about seventy out of the seventy
seven delegates present.
T. C. Coogan was nominated for tem
porary chairman and elected unani
mously. Leo Park and S. Bachrach were
SETH MANN, Democratic Nominee for Mayor of Oakland,
elected secretaries and a recess was taken
while the chair named the usual com
mittees.
Somehow or other the convention aid
not partake of the usual nature of such
gatherings. The hurrah of former years,
when Frank J. Moffit, Warren English,
William D. English and \V. W. Foote took
a hand in Democratic politics, was miss
ing, and Charley McCleveny had to shout
for several minutes before the delegates
dispelled the cnilly air of their respective
quarters by occupying them.
Instead of the old crowd a younger gen
eration was in evidence, and since their
political experience began the reign of
Democracy in Alameda County has been
very unstable, and they met with hesi
tancy. With the old-timers it was dif
ferent They remember the time when
Democracy was King and they schooled
themselve« to act in accordance with their
power. When thines changed the old
guard dropped oat of sight as soon as they
realized they could not control. Never
was this shown clearer than by the per
sonnel of to-night's convention.
The chairman appointed committees as
follows:
On credentials — James Brown, A. T. Mo-
Donnufh, James Holmes, C. H. Brosnahan, W.
H. High, J. Stanley, C. F. Thompson.
On plntform and resolutions— W. Dunn, J.
J. McDonald, James Neyland, C. H. Abbott,
P. E. FteberUng, M. Sullivan, W. F. Leonard.
On permanent organization and order of
business— P. Murphy, J. A. /orster, Charles
McCleverty, L. F. Hiekey. C. W. Logan, P. E.
Ualton, V. Gllardin.
The first intimation of the old struggle
between tne Moffitt and Fitzgerald wings
occurred over the proxy of J. B. Carring
lon, which was held by Frank J. Motfitt.
Will White of tho Third \v ard stated that
James Landregan held Mr. M... Hut's proxy
and was therefore entitled to vote also ior
Mr Carrington. Con Bro-nahan led the
Opposition and a viva voce vote showed
that the Fitzeerald-Brosnahan men pre
vailed at the rntio of about 4 to 1.
The platform was short and clear. It
pledges the nominee to prosecute the
water-front snits, to maintain good streets,
to alternate the fire hydrants so as to have
the benefits of both, to an economical
administration, and concluded with a
nlank regarding pubi.e schools and stating
that under no consideration should any
sectarian influence be permitted to enter
intn their administration.
Wnen nominations were called for Carl
Abbott named Seth Mann for Mayor, and
the nomination was made by declamation.
Mr. Mann was called for and made a little
speech.
Hiram A. Luttrell nominated Thomas
F. Garrity for City Attorney, and the
choice was made unanimous.
George Earl and It. M. Turner were
nominated for Councilman at large. The
other two nominations are to be made by
the Cily Central Committee.
John A. Bntton, J. Chestnut, J. W
Evans a.id W. H. O'Brien were nominated
for School Directors at large. A delegate
wanted to know why Chestnut and Evans
and Britton, Deing not Democrats, should
be nominated, and Chestnut was with
drawn. J. W. Evans was voted down and
the choice eventually fell upon W. H.
O'Brien, John Britton, John Buss and Dr.
Myra Knox.
For Library Trustees— Dr. J. M. Shan
non, J. Bullock, B. A. Rabe, Lewis Anken
and M. H. Bran.
**or Ward Councilmen ther following
nominations were made: First Ward —
James Hetmebeiry; Second Ward, F. R.
Girard; Third Ward, J. C. McLeod;
Fourth Ward, C. H. Brosnahan; Fifth
Ward, Aron Kibosh; Sixth Ward, E. A.
Stanley; Seventh Ward, H. P. Capell.
For School Directors from warts the
following wore nominated: First W;ird,
K. Fiege; Second Ward, E. B.Clement;
Third Wan!, Henry GooJ-eH; Fourth
War,i. C. W. Losan; Fihh Ward, F. M.
Weston; Sixth Ward, EL Bachrach; Sev
enth, Dr. W. J. Wilcox.
The new city central committee was ap
pointed as follow*: -First Ward, F. W.
Leonard and R. Wallace; Second Ward,
J. E. Erijuon and J. T. Smith; Third
Ward, Morns Aker'y and A. T. McDon
ougli • Fourth Ward, M. J. Holland and
P. Gallagher; Fifth Wan, R. M Fitz
serald ;t;id W. H. High Jr. ; Sixth Ward,
James Giliisan and James Stanley; Sev
enth Ward, M. J. Croaks and Victor
Giiardin.
Carl Abbott moved that Montgomery
Clement be nominated for City Engineer.
Another delegate nominated R. M.
Clement, and it was discovered that both
men were The sanv and the nomination
was made unanimous.
The City Central Committee was em
powered to complete the ticKet Dy nomi
nating two Councilmen at large, Auditor
and Treasurer.
The convention adjourned at 10:15, hay-
ing made a record for being the most ex
neditious municipal convention ever held
in thi* city.
There is a contention by well-Informed
people here that the nominee of the
Democratic convention this evening for
the office of City Attorney. Thomas F.
Gnrrhy, is ineligible to the office he peeks.
There ia a clause in the charier of the city
which plainly says that the City Attorney
must have been a practicing lawyer of the
.Suite for live years previous to his elec
tion. The charter is so very plain that
the only way to escape its provisions is to
attack the clause on ttie ground of nn
constitutionality, but undoubtedly Mr.
Garrity will, ii elected, have a contest on
his hands.
CITIZENS DO NOTHING.
Adjourn After Appointing a Com-
mlttee of Sevan.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— The Citi
zens' party met to-nieht in Elite Hall and
there was a fair attendance of delegates.
James La Rue was called to the chair, and
an informal discussion was held as to the
method of procedure.
It was the sense of the majority that no
nominations be made, but that a commit
tee be appointed lo attend the Democratic
convention and secure the best agreement
tbey could. No one seemed to under
stand iust wnat the duties of the commit
tee consisted of, and it was explained that
they were io see what the Democrats
would do in the way of sharing nomina
tions. After the appointment of the com
mittee the convention adjourned to meet
again to hear its report. It consistpd of:
First Ward, G. W. Drake; Second Ward,
J. Rutherford; Third Ward, A. Stillraan;
Fourth Ward, D. H. Priest; Fiith Ward,
G. Fo"g; Sixih Ward, A. Rugolsky; Sev
enth Ward, P. H. Stokes.
The committee attended the Demo
cratic convention and their presence was
announced but no notice was taken of
them, and when Carl Abbott nominated
Seth Mann for Mayor he laid such stress
upon the folly of going outside the party
that the Citizens' committee withdrew
and were not heard from. It is not known
what programme toe Citizens' party will
follow to-morrow night wnen they hear
the report of the committee.
What liccamfl of Alviso's Claim?
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 28.— Guadalupe
Alviso, one of the sons of old Don Alviso,
wbo died in 1880, has tiled with the
County Clerk a document asking that his
brother Valentine, who administered on
the estate, be cited to appear and state
wnat disposition has been made of a claim
which the old don had against the Span
ish Government. Attorney Aram on be
half ot Guadalupe says that in 1862 Alviso
senior loaned $40,000 to General Vallejo,
and that >f not paid it should at this time
be of great value. The petitioner has not
received any share of it ana is anxious to
know what has been done in the matter.
Typos Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28. — Oakland
Typographical Union held its election
yesterday. Messrs. Bernett and Cook tied
for the presidency. The following were
elected: Vice-president, John F. Bake
mau: secretary, W. C. Barnes; treasurer,
M. A. Mclnnis; sergeant-at-arms, C. L.
Frank; executive committee— F. S. Briggs,
E. Klintworth, Eugene Johnson, T.
Frankland, H. L. Hubbell; I. T. U. audi
tors—Messrs. Bakeman, Richmond. Read;
delegates to Feclorated Trades— Measrs.
Cook, Gilmore, Rodgers.
Thrown Through a Car ATlndow.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— John John
son's suit lii'ainst the Haywards Electric
roatl for $10,000 damages on account of be
ing thrown through » car window by tne
ov -riurning of an electric-car, is on trial
before Judge Hall. Johnson is the man
who claims that he is seven-eighths dis
abled as the result of the accident. M. <J.
Chapman and Fred Wnitney are his at
torneys, and Bam Bell McKee and W. H.
Cbickering appear ior the railroad. To
day was taken up with obtaining a jury.
>ay» Teachers Were Not Coerced. ■
OAKLAND, CaW Jan. 28.—Superinten
dent McClymonds denies the statement
that the teachers : in : th« public schools
were told that they must pay $10 assess
ment to defray expenses of bringing
an Eastern professor to Oakland to give
lectures In natural • science , ; to r ~. teacher?.
McClymonds says that everything that
was dune was purely; voluntary, and that
no teacher is obliged to do anything of
winch she does cot heartily approve. -
DID NORDHAUSEN
COMMIT SUICIDE?
Detective Whitaker Says
He Will Prove That
He Did.
Captain Lees Has Also Arrived
at the Same Final
Conclusion.
The Inquest Win Take Place Tc-Day,
When Lfght Ma 7Be Thrown
on the Mystery,
The inquest on the body ol C. C. Nord
hausen, the Oakland capitalist, will be
held this morning by Coroner Hawkins,
and Detective Ross Whitaker, who has
been steadily working on the case, says
he will be able to show conclusively that
it was not murder but suicide, and Cap
tain Le«3 shares his views.
The facts that bear upon this positive
statement of tba police have already been
published, but something was developed
yesterday that strengthens their views.;
At the time Nordhauaen was taken from
the room a partial examination could
only be made as the room was almost
immediately occupied by a gentleman
and his wife. Manager Lake told Detec
tive Whitaker that as soon as the room
was empty he would notify him and a
thorough search could be made. Yester
day afternoon word was sent to Whitaker
that the room was empty and he at once
went to examine it, accompanied by Lake,
when an important discovery was made.
A hole made by a bullet was noticed in
the curtain of the window and a hole in
the glass of the window made by the
same bullet. Tim led to the conclusion
that ?vordhausen had tired two shots, the
first probably glancing off his forehead
and passing through the curtain and win
dow.
It is assumed that Nordhauaen had
been stretched on the lounge when he
tired the first shot. That position would
account for the course of the first bullet,
the lounge being under the window, and
would also account for the empty shell
found in the bathtub, which corresponds
with the cartridges found in the revolver.
Finding that tne first shot aimed at his
skull had not taken effect, Nordhaasen
Dad thrown the empty shell into the bath
tub and h;i«l loaded the revolver in every
chamber. Then he fired the shot at bis
heart, which took effect and proved fatal.
It is presumed that after wounding
himself In the forehead he wiped the
blood off with the towels found in the
room, one of which was seen tied around
his forehead on the occasions when the
bellboys took drinks into his room.
Four cartridges were found in a bureau
drawer in Noruhausen's room ; there were
four in the revolver, and the shell found
in the bathtub and the one in the re
volver would *how that he tiad two
rounds of ammunition with him.
All these facts, according to tne police,
disprove tho theory advanced by the
doctors that Norlhausen was shot out
side of the hotel.
There is some mystery about the
woman living in a room immediately
above Nortlhausen's who heard a shot
lired about 2 o'clock .Monday morning.
Manager Lake refused to cive Detective
Whitaker the name of the woman, al
though it was pointed out to him that her
testimony would be of the utmost im
portance.
ROBBED IN OAKLAND.
C. C. Nordhausen Told a Peculiar
Story to a Landlady.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— Mrs. Lamp,
ing, who helps her mother to keep a lodg
ing-house at 476 Twelfth street, told a
story to-day that throws much light upon
the tragedy in which C. C. Nordhausen
was the central figure.
"Mr. Nordnausen was at the foot of the
stairs about half-past 12 on Friday morn
ing," said Mrs. Lamping. "He was so in
toxicated that he could hardly stand, and
with the assistance of a Gentleman who
saw the condition of affairs, I helped him
ui> the stairs and my mother put him in
a room, lie slept till about noon of Fri
day and when he got up he said that lie
would like to talk to me. His ciothes
were very dirty, as if he had been rolled
in the mud and there was blood on his
mustache and his face. When I looked
at the bed I saw that there was also blood
on the pillow and I thought that bis
nose had been bleeding, but it may have
been from other causes.
"When i went into his room he was
very nervous, and it was with difficulty
that he could express himself clearly. He
told me that he had been drinking, and
had decided to quit I told him that was
the best thine to do, and then suggested
to him that a man with as much money
as he had should get married, as he was
well able to look after a wife. He was a
frequent patrou of this house before he
went to Randsburg, and we all thoueht he
was a single man, and much to my sur
prise he told me that he was already mar
ried. He asked me if he came to the
house alone, and 1 told him that he did,
and he then said that he had been robbed
by two women in a restaurant. He said
he did not know who they were, as he had
never seen them before, but only met
them casually. He told me that they
•touched' him for $50, and that he did not
know how or where he had parted from
them. He talKed about his Randsburg
property, and said that it was a good
thing, and he intended to do all he could
down there. He seemed thoroughly
broken up, and convinced me that lie was
sincere in his desire to reform and quit
drinking. He felt his position keenly,
and told me that he intended to go to
Randsburg Saturday, and that if he did
not go he would return to his room at
night.
"He was never intoxicated to my knowl
edge before last Friday morning, and
always behaved like a gentleman. No one
thought his taking a room here at all un
usual, as it was not kuown that he was a
married man. He seemed to enjoy life
and was a good-natured feliow, and 1
never saw him the least bit blue until
Friday, when ue really seemed anxious to
quit drinking."
The body of the deceased was brought
to this city last night by ex-Coroner Evers,
who will conduct the funeral to-morrow
afternoon.
Mr. Evers said this morning that during
his many years as Coroner of this county
he hud seen numerous cases of violeut
death, and he says that the wound on Mr.
Nofdhausen's forehead was not caused by a
simple fall. He feels confident that others
are concerned in his death.
MYSTERIOUS BLAZE.
Narrow Escape of '. a West Berkeley,
f Family From Fire In i heir Dwelling.'.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 28.— Another
mysterious. fire occurred early this morn
ing in West Berkeley, totally destroying
the residence and grocery-store of Albert
Schulz. The house was occupied %by
Schulz and wife and : ~ two small children,
who had L barely time to escape with their
lives. The - flames broke out ". at ; a boat] 4
o'clock when all tuo family were asleep,
and were so far advanced when tne family
•iwoka that they could only run for safety.
The loss was about $1000, half covered by
insurance.
The origin of the fire is a mystery. It
was the third blaze of the kind that has
occurred in the West End within the past
few week?, and incendiarism is suspected.
Football finances.
BERKELEY. Cai,., Jar. 28.~Manager
Reiuhardt has completed bis financial re
port of the football season just ended. It
shows that the entire receipts were $8649
and the expenses 18335 40, leaving a oal
ance on hand of $314 60. The receipts of
the different -ames were as follows: Re
liance frame $152, O'vmruc $146 85. San
Mateo $20. Uelmon; $21 40, Reliance
$103 :0, freshman $267 10, Thanksgiving
$682840, Lr-'« Angeles Athletic Club ss3B 10,
Red, ands $65 65, San Diego $100, Whutier
$317 20.
The amounts paid out by Manager
Reinbardt were as follows: Coaches
$1428 30, transportation $645 10, medical
service $02, construction, parfe and
campus, $1018 76; trainmc-house and
hotel $2076 20, student help $249 80, bus
hire $100, tmnsfer charges $28 10, team
equipment $825 66, printing and adver
tisements $284 79, Irugs $135 29, work on
grounds and -.rack house $213, miscellany
$57 -40, park rent $325, manager's expenses
$U2 20. t.-lejrams $13 20, team entertain
ment $57 25, tickets, team, press, etc.,
$589 50.
Boys and Girls Debate.
BERKELEY, Cm.., Jan. 28.— A debate
of Hiph School students, boys against
girls, will be held to-morrow night in
American Hall, the Ecclesia and the
Forum being pitted against each other on
the question of electing United States
Senators by a direct popular vote. The
two societies have met on the platform
before, when the girls proved victorious,
and now the boys are anxious to wipe out
the score.
The debaters for the Ecclesia will be
Miss Friedsmirk, Miss Mabel Davies and
Miss Florence Ho/t. The Fornm will be
represented by Messrs. Downer, Matthew
and Johnson.
Debaters for Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 28.— C. E. Fryer
'99, A. C. Marks oi the Law College and
H. A. Overstreet '98 have been selected
to debate for California in the Carnot
medal contest with Stanford. The final
debate of the various candidates tor the
honor attracted a large audience. There
were nine contestants in all.
AUTHORS' CARNIVAL.
Society Will Be Entertained for Two
>"ightg by the Unity
Club.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— The Carni
val of Authors, which will be given by the
Unity Club at Reed Hall, opens to-morrow
evening. Many details have been added
during the past few days, and the stage
has been enlarged in order to enable an
elaborate production of the tableaux. The
program me for to-morrow night is:
Grand march of characters; overture,
'•Romantique," Zeler Bela; balcony scene.
"Romeo and Juliet," A. W. Collins ana Miss
La Fayette of San Francisco; Witches' Dance
from "Macbeth," Misses Emma, Florence and
Genevive La Jeunnesse of Alameda; musical
selection from "Robin Hood," De Koven;
tableaux from "As You Like It." Subject:
"The Duke in Exile" ; music, gavotte, "Fondly
Thine Own," Youngman; tableau. "The
Return of Kip Van Winkle"; music, Zadeeka
mach, Merzbach; rending from Dickens'
"Dombey and Son"; "The Fugitives," Mrs.
Maud Russell Robbins; tableau, "The Three
Guardsmen"; dance, lancers by characters.
The programme for Saturday evening is
as follows:
Grand march of characters; overture, Verdi;
Mrs. Alexander Hunter, Who Will
Take the Part of Helen Mc-
Gregor in To-Morrow Night's
Society Tableau.
tableau from Dv Maurier's "Trilby," studio
scene, "Christmas Kve"; serpentine dance.
Miss Ida Bradbury; music, selection irom
"Faust"; pantomime, Goethe, two Fcenes
from "Faust"; musical selection, "Scottish
Air"; tableau from Scott, "The Return of Rob
Roy"; musical selection, "Parson Johnson's
Chicken Brigade"; tableau, "Herman and
Dorothea"; fire club swinging, Fred Lewis;
dance, lancers, by characters.
. — «. — «
Knighti and Ladies of Honor.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, Jan. 27.— The district
deputy, Mrs. M. C. Wener of the Knights
and Ladies of Honor, installed the officers
of Seal Rock Lodge last evening. 3he
was assisted by the members of Palmetto
Lodge, after which refreshments were
served and a royal good social enjoyed.
Tha installed were as follows: F. P.
Furey, past protector; Miss Elizabeth Ag
news, protector; Mr?. Humphrey, vice
protector; Mrs. Qnigley, chaplain; C. E.
Pickett, financial and recording secretary;
Mr 3. J. M. Shannon, treasurer; Miss Ger
trude Trenor, guide: Miss Bessie Gal
lagher, inside suaraian; Mrs. E. F.
Wever, outside guardian; Mrs. J. I'oster,
Mrs. Quigley and Mrs. Wever, trustees.
Alleged Horse Blest for Chickens.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 28.— City Vet
erinary Inspector Carpenter has received
a complaint from J. P. Treanor that on
Rev. M. M. Gibson's chicken ranch, which
adjoins the place occupied by Treanor,
horse meat is cooked for chicken feed, and
he objects to the stench. Dr. Carpenter
has notified Mr. Treanor to appeal to the
Board of Supervisors, as he has no au
thority outside of the city.
Love's Young Dream Dispelled.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— Carrie C.
Akerly has applied for a divorce from her
husband, Graham. The marriage of these
two created a sensation. At the time of
the nuptials Carrie was a student at the
Cole School and youn^ Akerly was but a
boy. They lived together happily for a
short time, but for several months have
kept apart, and now they want to be free.
Akerly is the son of Key. Benjamin
Akeriy.
Hag No Time for Politics.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— O. A. Lane,
who was nominated for Councilman from
the Second Ward by the Prohibition city
convention, has declined the honor. He
says in bis letter of declination that the
nomination was unsought and unexpected
and that his business will not permit him
to take any part in politics.
Anxious About the Ghost.
OAKLAND, Cal , Jan. 28.— The Oak
land Theater ha* temporarily passed ont
of the hands of Manager Halstead and is
now in charge of Frank Fuller, manager
for Ida Fuller and her company. The
change was made because of some anxiety
regarding the "ghost" and Mr. Habtead
will be in charge next week.
• ' -\\ „* Single Taxera Reorganize. ■ ■ ■ ;.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 23.— The Oak
land ftiingre ' Tax Club has been reorgan
ized. The officers are: A. J. Gregg, pres
ident; D. Stuart, -vice-president ; - P. B.
Preble, secretary ; W. E. Beck," treasurer;
C.W.Pan»burn," corresponding secretary.
The club will meet on the first and third 1
Tuesday evenings of every month and spe
cial •, entertainment will ■be prepared to
wliictx the general public is invited.
Auction gales
IINII.I APCTIOif CO3P.4O.
THIS DAY, Friday. : January, 29, 1897, at 11
O'clock A. m., at 1057 Market si, opp. Jones, we
will sell amaemfi.eiit lot of Furniture. Bedding
and Carpets, Glassware, Crockery, Ranges, etc.
At 2 p. m.— .-ale of Millinery Goods.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
GROCERY AUCTION
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
518 Fourth Street, Near Bryant.
FKASK W. BUTTKRPIELD, Auctioneer.
'■.:••*■ 602 Market Street.
LABOR EXCHANGE PLANS
Alameda People Hold a Meeting
to Forward the Enter
prise.
Sudden Death of CLarles W Peterson.
Mr. Tremor Objjcts to the
Odor of Horseflesh.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 28.— The body of
Charles W. Peterson was found on the
floor of the basement of his residence,
2317 Eagle .avenue, by Robert Richardson,
the expressman. Peterson's wife died
August 8 last and this had a very depress
ing effect upon him. Many times be has
been heard to say, "Mamma calls me
every night to come to her and some night
lam going to her." Last Thursday he
said to Mr. Hadley of the Pacific Hotel
cafe, "If this don't go I will have to go."
Tnese remarks were repeated by others
upon the street to-day and cansed many
to believe that Mr. Peterson had com
mitted suicide.
However, this was not the case, as was
proved by the autopsy held by Drs. Pond
and Keys this afternoon. An inquest was
held at 4 o'clock: with Charles Day, R. B.
Tappan, M. W. Simpson, Seymour Her
bert, 8. Stephenson, Robert Collins, D. W.
Martin and William Higby as jurors. The
testimony of the doctors showed that
death ensued from an apoplectic fit.
The body was in such a position when
found as to lead to the conclusion that
Peterson had been lying upon the bed,
and, upon arising, bad fallen to the floor,
striking his head upon the bedstead.
The deceased was 56 years old. He was
master of finances of Alameda Lodge No.
49, Knights of Jfythias, and had resided in
this city for twenty-three years. Ec
owned the house in which he died. Hia
only living relative is a sister in Sweden.
A Labor .Exchange.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 28.— State Or
ganizer J. S. Clarke addressed a good-sized
meeting last evening in the interest of a
labor exchange. At the close of his ex
planatory address the following-named
gentlemen signed the charter list and de
clared their intention to organize an ex
change: Sydney G. Mitchell, Green
Major 3, R. H. Fallmar, H. Glissman, Wil
liam Cubery, H. O. Bishop, C. H. Hed
dricfc, R. H. Hiller, Walter Hyde, R. H.
H. Hunt, L. 8. Orcutt, Lyman Smith, J.
H. Terrell, J. G. Hurley, Dr. W. H. Robin
son, Mrs. Ada Hiller, C. H. Thrane, Leo
Robinson, Carl Latzke, Mrs. T. P. Mars
ton, L R. Marstou, Mrs. Frances Logan
and T. D. Weymouth. Next Wednesday
an adjourned meeting will be held, at
which time the charter will be closed.
The assessed value of farms in the
United States in 1880 was over ten billions
of dollars, and in 1890 over thirteen bill
ions.
NEW TO-DAY- ,
; — . ~—
OLD GRIST MILL
Entire
WHEAT COFFEE
The only perfect HEALTH bever-
age— resembling REAL, coffee so
closely that connoisseurs are de-
ceived.
■No more heartburn, biliousness nor
indigestion if you'll use it.
In 1-lb. boxes at all leading grocers.
POTTER & WRKJHTINaTON,
BOSTON. MASS. ,
"THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
\J<J 1 JLIJLJi
c»^ It Publishes the Cream of the
d News of the Week and
o{ MANY ATTRACTIVE . AND
J. ORIGINAL FEATURES.
■5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
! °\ PAPER ON THE
i ol PACIFIC COAST .
; 3 Always Republican, but Always •
!~j : Fair and Impartial in Its ■ .
°\ " Rendering of the Po- ■
| « litical News.
! 3 It's the Pap*r to Send East it
j 3- You Want to Advertise
s j. California. ,
!o< "^ \ / '
1) The Best \ /Mining
~\ Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on /N. Is Accurate
o{ The Coast / \& up to data ;
P S V ; \ •;;"
«
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
©/ it Dry or Uninteresting.
i °) A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE,
! W
I ©/ «
i erf Bright, Clean, A Champion of
j l "^ Thoughtful. Truth. •
5 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
"J THE TIME.
DIT ADVOCATES SENT BY
■Tl HOME . • . MAIL, $1.50
DC INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR *U
y^~^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■jL I ah^G2£»KEAnXYMT. Establish*!
ranPwH ln IB ** 'or the treatment of I'ri vate "
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(itli> HEABXT NT. Established
in 18&4 for the treatment ofTrivate
UIseHWR, Lost Manhood. Debility or
M^K«,r*7A disease wearing on bodyand mind and
' %S^ffi£^M)i alcln Diseases, The doctor cures when
■ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
rwrraimrnl t'm nmiini win i i il Call or writ*.
k Car. 4, *\ UJ.BB9M, B«* VJs7.Ssui JFraacisotb,
1112
DRIVING CAPITAL
FROM THE STATE
Robert Watt on the Effect
of Mead's Assembly
Bill.
Would Prevent the Future Rail
road Development of
California.
Proposed Law Prohibiting Issuance
.f Bonds Exceeding 90 Per Cent
of Valuation.
Tne several bills pending before the
State Legislature inimical to tbe San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road, and all other railroads that may be
built in California in tbe future, are not
worrying the Valley Railroad officials.
As stated in yesterday's Call one of
these bills makes it unlawful for any
Board of Supervisors to grant to any rail
road company a franchise over any coun
ty road except to cross it; another pro
hibits companies issuing bonds in a total
amount greater than 90 per cent of the
cost of the corporate plant or of property
on tbe security of which bonds are issued;
and still another I ill is in regard to court
costs.
Vice-President Robert Watt of the Val
ley road said yesterday afternoon :
"Mead's bill in rejrnrd to the issuance of
bonds is, of all these proposed measures,
particularly disadvantageous to us or any
other railroad that may be built in the
Staie. While the use of small portions of
a count.v road here and there might facili
tate the mpurinc of rights of way and ex
tension o!' track, prohibition of such use
would not be an insurmountable obstacle.
"But the proposed bill in reiation to
bonds is Beriously objectionable for several
reasons. It will keep a lar^e amount of
Eastern capital out of California and
seriously d«;)ay, or entirely prevent, rail
road development in tbe State. It would
be more difficult to place bonds under
such a clause. It would compel money
looking for investment to make extensive
and careful investigation of all property
franchises and assets of whatever nature.
"This would pat the investor to a great
deal of trouble, from which, hie would
naturally shrink. What would be the re
sult? He would seek investments on
which it would be easier for him to inform
himself, and his money would go else
where than in California railroads. As far
as the 90 per cent valuation is concerned
that would not affect us, as we do not con
template issuing bonds to exceed 66 per
cent. Investors in bonds in tne market
will not go to the trouble of making ex
tensive investigations and the result will
be that the bonds will be let alone.
"We have no lobbyists at Sacramento
now, " he continued, "and we do not ex
pect to have any. When the time comes
lor hearing on these bills we shall be
rf presented at tbe Legislature and what
we have to say will be said in open meet
ing."
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
How It Will Be Honored by the
Junior Order American
Mechanics.
Daughters of Lib rty Will Take Part
in the Celebration — Entertainment
in the Evening.
Charles Klein of Lincoln Council, Jr. O.
U. A. M., presided at a meeting of the
Washington's birthday celebration com
mittee held last Tuesday in Sniels build
ing: for the purpose of listening to reports
from the several sub-committees. These
reports indicated that there will be a large
demonstration across the bay. Z. T.
Whitten of the committee on music re
ported the engagement of two uniformed
bands of sixty-four pieces. The committee
on parade reported that it was making ar
rinirements 'o secure transportation for
L>OQO men to OaKland.
The members of the Junior Order will
be distinguished from the other civic so
cieties by uniform white caps, anJ each
mem.ber will carry a tri-colored set of
plumes which will be furnished to -ail the
members who have not yet secured them.
Two companies of the Home Guard, an
independent military organization com
manded by M:ijor Brandon, will take part
in the parade. Captain Biakesiee is the
chief officer of Company A and Captain
Peterson of Company B.
There will not be a parade in San Fran
cisco, the explanation for this being .hat
the councils of Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley participated in celebration* pre
viously held in tnie City, and that this
year the San Francisco councils will assist
those across the water. The members i
from the local councils wili leave here at 9
o'clock in the forenoon by the creek
route.
The Daughters of Liberty, a branch of
the Junior Order, are taking an active part
in the coming celebration, and they expect
to parade a large number of members" In tbe
evening there wi.l be an entertainment and
grand ball in Golcica Gate Hall, in this City,
under the auspices of the local councils and
the Laughters oi Liberty. Cai Ewing, chair
man ot theentertaininL-ntcommittee, reported
that the Daughters of Liberty would set out a
bounteous collation in the banquet hall for all
who atiend. During the evening there will be
presented a select programme, and nu:ubers
will be rendered by professional*. The general
committee will meet again next Tuesday night,
It is the intention to make tliis ceiubration
superior to any previously given by the order
the first of which was given on February 22,
1895. The expense of the entertainment to be
given in the evening will be met by a small
ad mission fee.
Henry U f^chaertzeT, state councilor Jr. O. TJ.
A. M., left on Sunday on a tour 01 visitations
through the southern part of tee State, as follows:
January 25. John Adams Council. Los Angeles;
26, Kedondo: 27, San Diego: 29, Redlands: Feb
ruary ■/, Jurei>h Warren Counc 1, Los Angeles; 3,
Riverside: 4, General Hancock Council, Loi An
peles; 5, Santa Barbara and 8 Lompoc. Between
dates he will visii Pomona, Col ton, Pasadena and
Ana lor tne purpose of reviving dormant
councils.
lhe slate councilor has appointed Dr. J. Mc-
Currte a mcmi er of the legislative committee.
Mrs. Ameiln schaenzer, D. .s. C, installed the
officers of California Council, No. 1, Daugli;» rs of
: iberty, Annie t-. Mcln.ery councilor and Phoebe
Kobe recording secretary.
Mrs. Flora E. Bo vley has been installed as coun
cilor and Mrs. Blanch ft. Grush as recording sec
retary 01 -j ait ha W ushlngiou Council, No. 2, D.
of L.
state Councilor installed the follow
ing named as officers 01 Liberty Council No. 8.
D. of L.: Alic.i Hamilton, C. ; r Mrs. Blanche Rey
nolds, V. C; Airs. M. Rollins, R. S.; Mrj. Valen
tine, A i:. f.: Mrs. B. Roberts, T.; Miss B. Key
i.olds. G. ; M. Armstrong, S. Interesting addresses
were delivered by the Sta:e councilor and Mrs.'
tchßer'.zer, D. S. c. The ceremony was followed
by a musicale nnd refreihtnems.
The officers of Sunshine Council No. 6 of Sacra
mento, D. of L , were installed by Emma L. Hunt,
P. J ex-C. .The officers art-: Uattle HraUway, C. ;
.Mrs. Reeves. A. C,; Frankie Farnsworth, V. C;
Grace E. smith, A. V.; M. E. Boyd, K. S.; Mr.
Boyd, A. R. b. ; A. M. Smith, F. S. ; Mr. cum
mingii, T.; A. M. Smith, 1. G. ; W. A. Wall, O. G.;
Miss Vest, G.
i he following named were installed by George
T. 10/\ S. D., as officers of Capital Councie
Junior over, of Sacramento: w. W. Whitney, <".;
M 1 omßtein, V. C; Mr.. Kpragne, R. S.: Mr. In
tiell, .». K. a ."••:■ .
Unity Council was instituted in San Jose with
twenty-five charter members, by State Council
Secretary George E. Terry, assisted by the follow
Ing officers: S. Joseph Theisen of Starr King
Council, installing officer; Charles Klein, Jr. P. C;
F. A. B.ak«sle«, V. C. E. P. Koliler, cond. : W.
A. Whiting, warden: C. R. Fancher, inside senti
nel: F. V. Johns, outside sentinel: J. J. Ander
son, chaplain; C. V. Pearson, organist; all mem
bers of Lincoln Council No. 2. except Mr. Fancher,
who is a member of U. S. Grant Council No. 19;
George Kiddock, G. K. Mead, J. C. Mearns, W. M.
Snow of U. S. Grant Council and C. A. lister of
Lincoln Council; mem of the Home Guar.l also
assisted. »
The new council, which Is composed of patriotic
Americans and starts out with good prospects, ha»
ele. ted the following named to serve for th.c ensu
ing term: C. W. Collins, Jr. P. C.; William Cro
foot, V. C. ; W. E. Jackson, A. R. S.: F. J. Boring,
F. S.; C. W. Meadows, T.; W. E. Btatler, coud. ;
I. B. Charles, W.; i.. Lumford, O. Is.; Hyde Rey
nolds, chaplain: William Crofoot, C. W.Collins
and W. E. Jackson, trumeis C. W. Collins, repre
sentative to the State council.
Newcastle Council has elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing term : H. T. Adams, C. ; G. H.
Kellogg, V. C.; L. K. Armstrong, R. S.; L. E.Tay
lor. A. R. 8.; F. G. Delamater, F. 8.; G. H. Page,
T. : C. Connolly, conductor.
Redlands Council elected the following officers
for the ensuing term: H. W. Allen, C. ; A. T. Grant,
V. C; W. T. Wood, H. s.: o G. Sness, A. H. 8.;
A. *. Bourtin, F. S.; R. H. Kendall, T. : W. R.
Sisslon, conductor; J. Wessel, W.; E. G. Johnson,
1. S.; A. M. Fulton, O. S.
Order Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Boehm and Grand Recorder
Wallis installed Mrs. M. E. Hoyt councilor. Miss
Alice Adams and the other officers of Wooaland
Council last week, and a grand banquet followed
the ceremony. There was present a large delega
tion from surprise Council.
On Tuesday Grand Recorder Wallis installed
the officers of Gartlen City Council, San Jose. An
entertainment and an oyster supper followed the
ceremony.
The officers of Bohemian Council were installed
by Grand Councilor Boehm last Wednesday, and
according to custom the council gave a banquet.
The officers of Germauia Council were installed
by Past Councilor Knickman last week in pubic,
and the visitors were treated to a programme and
refreshments.
On Thursday the grand councilor, grand recorder
and Pan councilor Mrs. Emma Packer went to
Redwood City, where, in the presence of a delega
tion of thirty from Belmont Council, the officers
of Fidelity Council of Redwood were installed.
Then followed a royal feast, got up in honor of
the visitors.
On Friday the grand officers visited Juanlta
Council in oak. and and witnessed the initiation of
a number Of candidates.
Belmont council gave Its delnyed leap-year or
very-la.st-cha cc party last Saturday.
The Initiatory tea • will Initiate candidates for
Home Council in Excelsior Hall to-morrow night.
The officers of Crystal Council will be ins. ailed
on next Thursday night. The same night the offi
cers of social council will be installed.
Knights of Pythias.
The Knight rank in long form was conferred for
the firs; time with Its new costumes »nd acces
sories by Unity Lodge last Thursday.
Next Saturday there will be a sitting of the
Grand Tribunal of this domain for the purpose of
bearing cases that may be brought before it. This
tribunal, which hears all appeals that were for
merly heard by the Grand Lodge. is conducted on
the same lines that conns are conducted, as It is
the tribunal that passes on all legal questions that
ari»e in the order. An appeal may be taken to the
Supreme Tribunal, the court of last resort.
An effort will be made 10 have the present Legis
lature pass an enabling ac so that the city of ban
Dirgo may transfer to the Older certain grounds
and buildings in mat city for the purpose of main
taining a Pythian Home.
A jo nt social and entertainment was given by
the lodges of --acraniento last ihursday and an in
teresting programme was presented. This in- i
eluded addresses by Lieutenant-Governor Jeter, I
Senator t-dw..rvi I. Wolfe and other members of
me Legislature who belong to the order.
There are nineteen applicants who want to be
admit ed into Kedlauds Lodge. This lodge has
adopted the .on.: form of ttie Knight rang.
G. H. Morrison. P. G. C, will visit the lodges in
Sacrumen.e this week in the interest of tbe En
dowment rank.
On Wednesday C. F. McGlashan will visit Fresno,
where the lodge will have a joint public installa
tion. Thursday be will go to Bencia, wheie »
team from .-uisun Lodge will coi.fer the Knight
rank in long form, ami on Frida he will be with
Damocles Lodge, which that night. will celebrate
its twenty-first anniversary.
American Legion of Honor.
There was a full meeting of California Council
on Saturday on the occasion of the installation of
officers, which was conducted by W. D. Mansfield, i
S. 0., assisted ty C. O. Burton, G. S. The mem- |
bers during the evening were instructed in the j
changes that have recently been made in the laws
of the oider.
To-morrow «vening Grand Commander Filben
will vis t Pacific Council in San Jose when the
officers v. ill be installed.
Golden Council and Protection Council will in -
stall their officers on Wednesday next.
The grand >e<.ret«ry has sent copies of new laws ■
and mi explanatory circular to every council in
the jurisdiction.
Assessment No. 373, class B, becomes delin- !
quent on the last day of tbe current month. The -
new law requiri.iK v le-examlnation before rein- j
statement ot a suspended member commences
wiih this assessment.
Knights of Honor.
The officers of Fidelity Lodge were installed on ]
Friday by the grant! dictator, assisted by Deputies
Salomon and rummers
The officers of Polar Star Lodge were Installed j
on Friday night by Judge J. A. Carroll, D. D.,
assisted by W. J. Thomson, G. P. D. and Deputy I
Summers, in tbe presence of a great number of
members of the order. Grand Dictator . rchibald, '
Supreme Representative Crowe, Grand Guide j
Learned and Grand trustee Lemon: were present. |
1 lit grand officers visile. l Tan* c Lodge at West
Berkeley Saturday and Installed the officers, after
which there was a banquet and two pleasant !
hours were spent.
"1 he grand dictator, Deputy Elder and Grand j
Guide Learned installed th • officers of Friend.-hip
Lodge on Monday.
The public installation of the officers of Anchor
Lodge on Monday was followed by a very inter- i
esting music lie, affording the very large number
of people present a pleasant evening's en.ertain
inent.
it has D?en a long time since Eureka Lodge had
such a large mreunt; a-; on last Wednesday, when
.he officer* were instated. A banquet io meiii
bers und visitors followed and a pleasant evening
was spent.
Tburoday night Grand Dictator Archibald in
stalled the officers of America Lod s e. Oae appli
cation was received and during the evening tne
sitting lodge received a visit from Fortuna Lodge.
The gra.id dictator will visit Clinton Lod&e.
Qajt-and, to-night: -ecuritr Lodge. Watsonville,
\Vedne,dav, and ban:a Cruz Lod^e ou 1 Uursday.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RtSS HOUBK.
E Oilman. Palo Alto D Bnrnett, Davisville
F O Lillle, Dixon Mrs S W TucKe,s,;a Ro*a
.Mrs M Randall, Oakland Miss Tucke, sauia Rosa
W il Mlntzer, jjiitßeach Mrs a McCuicnen. h'tktn
F M.Giabam, San Jose L F Chapman, San Jose
A S Tow.-ie, Idaho a J Snod^-ross, Ventura
C P Trissell. Panama (i Lawr-nce, Alviso
A Phillips, Lake County A Ballen, Folsom
G \V < robs, lowa Hill J B Hanson lowa Hill
J P Chapman. Kfo Vista E Nasn, ban Jose
T Winters. China J W Ken. Nev
W Woodburn, Nt-v J Quirk, Key
T J Davis, Lo> <i:.tos II 11 Sroble <fe w. Dnluth
J F Goad <fe w, Fresno T R Knmler. Oxford
JFThompson Aw.Berkly C Brn.iiev, P« scadero
GH Ganbank,w,Tomt!es F 1 Quirk, Nev
R\V Simpson, • akland R Ferguson, Sucto
C Columbus, NY R Ciiri-:ianson. sacto
J Jloorehouse, Sacto E T Wade, Ohio
J D Williams, Nev S Williams, Nev
R Cunninghiim, PA E summers. Pa
J C Joneß. Visalia Suaskins Visalia
J D 1 old. Reno W H Goodman, N V
P Porter. N V
GRAND HOTEL.
J S Jennings, Wtsonville N E Malcolm, Bacto
J J McLaren, Sac'.o E M Presio i, Nevada Cy
F Mace, lone E C Bank, lone
F C Frank. Santa Clara J D Mackenzie, San Jose
G W Morgan, Cal j R Jones. B C
T S W ashman, Salinas J Cr.iig. Highland Spgs
Miss F. Hughes. N V Mrs 0 Hughes, N V
8 T Hatcu, l.os Augles T Albardo, Vac^vllle
A B Harrison. NY J D Kradley, Merced
A A Hushes, San Jose B M Saudi. Red auds
J C Needham, Modesto J O I'.y xbee, Fresno
F R B l>oit«rman, Or A F L Bui. Carpentaria
Miss McEiroy, Sacto E M Mannion, L Augeles
J A Frost it w, La Gatos Z B McAuiey, Drytown
L W shinn,An?e!s Camp X Thompson, Bangor
J F Boyd, Bangor Mrs H Q Ellsworth Nlles
Miss Ellsworth, Nliei G Werle, Germany
B A Harrington, Sn Jose R J Hudson, I.akeport
H T Seymour, S N Anderson, Poiuona
M i; Keef<tw,PrachTree L Miller, stock-ton
II Crane, Los Angeles J B r-malley, Chicago
H G Edwards, Chicago J Jacks, or'
I'ALACE HOTEL.
E H Cox, Madera MrsW M Wilson.Chlcago
J H Brewster, Hartford E s Peffer. Chino
H J Hnteson. Cleveland Jl rs C -\ or h rup Chicago
MissH North 111 p,Chic%g E Ii Brysselbunt, Paris
G Neubert, Yokohama J H Gilbert, Gllbertvllle
J Hennis, Reno *V H Rockwell. N V
D B .Sny.ier, N V HJ Cohen, N V"
E D Weed. Los Angeles H Morebouse, San Jose
B H J'eutsch, N V Mts O Harvey, Gall
Pde Merande. Peru AM Beruevin Idaho
Mrs McKinley. Idaho Miss H Kingsbury, idaho
Geo E --miib. NY Js CoOire. NY
F A Alpin, Chicago R a Penrose, Arizona
J A Joman. -t Louis Gen E A Moor th. X V
J M Deau. Providence Fl. Budlong &w. R 1
J J Booth, PiusUirg J a Bubbi <fc w.Piasburg
Miss E Moon-, San Bar J F Moore, santa Barbara
NKW WhBTERN HOTEL.
Frank Cottle, San Jose P C Mavford, Chicago
W Gardner, Chicago W L Baker, Chicago
J B Eutwrworth, L Ang F Ho.va d & w, L.s Ang
John R Kddv, Los Ang W l.eizen <t w. Chicago*
P Dunervan, Chicago W rmiiage. London
D Tucker, Loudon F H Change A. Los \ni
T J Qnigley. sac W H Heckeling. London
Mli Mannlng.ButteCity JC H z Ptt, N V
M A Portion, Los Ang WO \V ale, Omaha
B O era.tb, Bac J W Henry. Healdsburu
R X Tuoney, Mexico W P Akers, YorK, U
LICK HOUSE.
L D Smith, Oakland N Bnld'\ In, Woodbridge
F McClelland, Woodbrdg N W Moooy, Fresno
C A Rudorff, Sonora W McMiun, San Jose
Mra.P*rr, JLos Gatos Mis* Parr, LOl Gatos
E B Ladner. I^tdner Mrs P eper, san Jose
J F Peck, Merced H • (Jreer. Turlo.k
C S Blons, Atwater W H Hammond. Mont
H Mood}-. Lornpoc i B 1 lood. Redding
M iambert, Sacramento H i ckni.fl, S;:n Rafael
W Bnnroa. ( onnlaud V W Hutch. Agiews
C B Luff, Petuluma X H Adams & w, N V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Hoffmeyer, Chicago T Lonemon, Hopland
C Schwndar, Chicago L E Johnson, Napa
E T Yoong, Oakland J Martin & w, Portland
F Rix, Olema J Shannon. San Jose
B P Barker, Livennore J Magee. Vallejo
Miss M Lane. Mare ißld C J Northup. Chicago
Miss HNorthup. Chicago Mrs W Wilson, > hicago
M Krenstinier. N V PA iNtwraarn, Sacto
Mrs T B Dorsey, S Jose X M Widnev. Los Ang
O A Parsons, Belvidere FE G' old, Chicago
L Chandler Peacadero Mrs J P Cosgrave, Sacto
W H Pyburn, Sacto C L Noble. Chicago
C Wolfrf, Chicago E Kohlberg <fe w, El Paso
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
H Rodgers, B Gallagher, Chicago
T i ox, U s N J Brown <fe w, Oakland
J Cowan <fe w, Glen Ellen J Small &w, Sonoma
G Hpaulding. Stockton G J Chambers, Fresno
W Kienbaum. Wash J W as~ <fe w, Kir.vwood
Miss J Kimple, Stockton
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
YERBA BUENA lodge oF~T*
836' Perfection No. 1— 1 tegular meeting
THIS (HiIDAY) EVENING, January 29, ■ JV
at 8 O'clock. D. 5. M
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. 4bh?
(KS=> CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. •
B3' and A. M.. will meet THIS: (XXI- A_
DAY) EVENING, January 2«, at 7:3i>%3C
o'clock. Third degree. By order tot the/ V>
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
fl£SS= OFFICERS AND MEMBER- ARE ml' M
HV-^ earnestly requested to attend the^\^°
funeral of our patriarch. J. BAUM EISTER, y\
THIS DAY, January 29. at 1:30 sharp, I.< X
O. O. F. Hall, corner seventh and Mar an.
T. B. MORSE, Scribe.
IKS* GERMANfA LODGE NO.
m^& 116, I. O. O. F.— Tbe funeral 3>g3sS&
committee, officers and members of
the above lodge are Invited to attend sv/iww
the funeral of our late brother, J. A. BAUMEIS-
TER, at O. F. Hall, January 29. at 1:30 P. M
EMIL NIEMKIKB, li. S. F. MAUKS, N. G.
|fi3s=' THi: ST. ANDREW'S so- A .«r^T
IF-*' ciety will celebrate the 138 th an- 3. fMiXJ
nlversary of the birth of ROBERT '*£\XEsr
BURNSon FRIDAY EVENING, Janu-
ary 29, in Scottish Hall, 105 Larkln sr. An ad-
dress will be delivered by Captain B. SCOTT.
Stereoptlcon views of the principal scenes and
places of interest in the land of 1-unia: songs,
readings, etc, from the works of the poet by the
following well-known artists: Mrs. J. W. Madden,
Misses Noble, Keane, Lane, Clark. Henderson;
Messrs. Coffin, Lloyd, Dinau, McNair, Cooi, Gie-
low. Admission 26c.
r-» SOULBBY CONSOLIDATED GOLD
BC-*' Mining Company— Not cc is hereby given
that the regular annual meeting of the stock-
ho ders of the above company will be held at their
office, room 7. Mills building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 3, 1897.
EDWARD W. HISBARD, Secretary.
RrTjg=MANONICCKMETKRY ASSOCIATION.—
IS---V The annual meeting of lot-owners in the
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temple on TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February
2, 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before it- GEO. J. HOBE. secretary.
■rap THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
153' of the stocknolder* of the National Ice Com-
pany will be hod at the ffice ■ f the company, 3^7
Market st. an Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
I DAY, the 3d day of Februnry, 1897, at th» hour of
11 o'clock a. m., for th" purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. 'i. DON'AHUK, Secretary.
Office 327 Market «t., "'an Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
§^gs=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
\Sr-& rolle-t ons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6; tel. 6580.
K^gp THEY SELL. ALL DRY GOODB. YARN,
W<& table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroil lacs, buttons,
linings, thieads. handkerchiefs, veiling', etc., very
cheap a: lion'er i'rv-«nols ore, 105 Fifth st.
SITUATIONS WAMED-FEMALK.
pOMPETFNT MOTHER AND DAUGHT-
\J er desire situations: mother {rood cook: best
references; country. Mli-S CI'LLEN, 323 Sutler.
"REFINED ENGLISH WIDOW; SUNNY SA-
IL ture: experienced housekeeper; good cook; for
widower: country preferred. 989 Howard st., ccr.
Sixth, room -3, second floor front.
EXPERIENCE; I- HOUSKKKEPER (WIDOW)
-Erf wants work In widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth su, room 17:
hours. 11 a. m. to 9 F. m.
■yOUNG EASTEKN WIDOW OF RVFINE-
X ment and culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post «U B£fiH
ETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
\J in American family; Oakland preferred: five
ye-irs last place; best city references. Apply 1633
Clay St., nr. Larkln.
\\' ANTED— A POSITION AS WORKING
» » housekeeper by young woman ; widower's fam-
ily preferred; wages $25. 126 Fourth St., room o;
call from 10 to 3.
STEADY, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES
O situation to assis with housework and make
herself generally useful; wage* $12. Apply 324yg
Fifth st.
/ • EKMAN r-IRL WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ do general housenork or housekeeping: good
cook lor small family. 17 Montgomiry aye,
SITUATION WANTED BY V UNG GIRL
a.pi 15 to help take care of 1 or 2 children.
Call or address 1. J.. 24b0\^ Market st. .
WKDISK GIKL WANTS TO DO HOUSE,
work or launJry work In a private family.
Please call at 1715 Howard sU
/GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
vjr chambermaid. Call or address MRS. PLUN-
NER, 729 California s:.
H'OMAS WISHES POSITION AS FIRS
* ' class cook in private family; country pre-
ferred. 508 Taylor st.
NEAT GIRL WISHES TO ASSIST WITH
ll light housework; wages $10 to $12. Call 337
Eddy st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION AT
X housework: $15. 900 Folsom st.
yOUNG GERMAN LADY, RECENTLY FROM
-L the East, desiies position as housekeeper. 112
Taylor St.. room 14.
■\rOUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
X general housework; city or country; $20 per
month ; good references, 190 Shipley st.
\\T ANTED BY COMPETENT WOMAN,
»' ■ light housework and washlnz: understands
the care ot children. 21 franklin, rm.lO.nr Market.
GIRL OF 3 7 WISHES PLACE TO ASSIST
at housework or take care of child. 717 I oik.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES PI-ACE 1 0 DO
light housework. Call 1370 Fifth St., Oakland.
VyiDOW DKSIKES POSITION AS HOUSE.
'» keeper; does not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress R. C- F.I Peralta Heights, cor. Lester and
Hanover aTSS , Kan Oakland.
ASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
V-i would like first-class plate as housekeeper for
lodging-house, widower or bachelor. Room 9,
472 Stevenson st., corner sixth, after 12.
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL FROM J IB
XV East wants a place to do cbaraberworK in
hotel or private family: city or country. Call 1018
Howard st.
1--RENCH GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
I lady's maid or chambermaid and seamstress;
good references. Address 822 a Broudway su
T?IRST-CLASS COUK WITHIIAUGHTKR 15
1 years . old desires situation in first-class board-
ing-house or hotel: leferences. 126 Fourth, rm. 37.
V7EAT YOUNG HEALTHY WOMAN WlBH-
xi es situation as wetnurse. U. G. , box 7, Call
Office.
EXPERIENCED WAITRKBB OR CHAMBER-
X!i maid would like a situation in country hotel
or boarding-house; $20. Address box 452, Hay-
wards P. O.
AN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooms in roomtnii-house, where wife can woric
for rent. li. 8., box 3, Call. ,
WANTED — POSITION AS COMPANION;
w.ll assist with children: can give satisfactory
references. . Address 8., box 7, Call Office, Oak-
land.
QUBPiSNDKRS AND MUFFLEKS EMBROID-
O ered by widow; 10 to 5 only. 1007 Market. T. 7.
SITUATION : WANTEI> TO DO GENERAL
O housework in small : family by * neat, active,
elderly woman: good cook; city or country. Call
or address A. B. C, box 121, Call. ,
WOMAN WANTS M-.N'S WASHING AND
mending; also plain washing. Apply 211 Na-
toma st. • ■
■youNu wroovv want- gentlemen's
X mending at home. - 108 Fourth st., room 2. -
RESPECTABLE W. MAN "V WANTS WoKK
XV by the day : ; washing ironing or cleaning.
t>B6l» Twenty-sixth nu, cor. Capp..
YOUNG WOMAN; WOULD LIKE POSITION
Xas housekeeper; city or ' country. Call 144
Fifth St., room a ; ; .'- . i '
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
■»» MarKet: 200 rooms 160 to 81 60 per nUht;
$1 50 to $15 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. <r.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS'; FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, ■ south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission is. ' :■■ . - •' ■
QUBSCBIPTIONP AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, 339 . Hayes . su;
open until 9:3i> o'clock. ,-. '^S^i^IStS^SSSSBSHEi
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; --■- branch . office of.. Th» Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. '
71 LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• it) CALL; subscriptions and want ad* taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED : MALE.
I'OR A FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN OR
X 1 gardener sen i your order to J. >. ■ CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. , '. : '
/COMPETENT ENGLISH COACHMAN AND
\J gardener desires situation: oest ref.; City or
country. MiSS CULLEN, 523 sutter at. ; , :
HUNTER • <fe CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. ■•; 17. Webb st., below
Kearney,, nr.Cal.; tel.iimin 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE' I>TIiLLIOIi.NI;E AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel Jiain 5234.
/CHINESE A Ja PAN KSE; EST'D 20 YEARS:
V^uelp; tel. main 1997. BRADLEY A C 0..640 Clay
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41*Va O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JJINOAGEMENT WANTKD BY A YOUNG
XJ German, 27, sober and honest, during the fair
in Guatemala for a California business house or as
hotel clerk, storeroom man or any other responsible
position. Address M., box 4, Call Office.
SITUATION AS MANAGER OF ANEXTEN-
-0 sive ranch by man of experience: has met
with special success both as fruit and raisin
grower nnd packer; best of references. Address
vox 1607, Selma, «_al. * . :r. -
SITUATION WANTED BY SOBER AND
steady young man as driver of milk wagon or
something similar by oee who can come well
recommended. Address M., box 99, Call office.
yOCNQ, STRONG, ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X sober and steady, paint and paper- hanger by
trade, desires a situation n a hotel or institution;
city or country. Address Painter, 2633 Post st.
pARRIAGE, HOUSE PAINTER AND PA-
v' per-ba>nger, temperate, A 1 references, handy
wl b tools, must have employment; low wages;
city or country. ARDELL, 1042 Fo.soin at.
A LL-ROUND PRINTER WANTS SITU A-
J\. tion; first-class workman and good writer;
capable of conducting j"b or news office; steady
and reliable. M., box 100, Call Office. „
HANDY YOUNG MAN WITH GOOD REF-
erences wishes work around house or small
butfl; home more than wages. B. M., box 98,
Call Office.
YOUNG MAN 20 WISHES WORK IN SOMK
X office or wholesale house; can furnish good
references and securities. J. LEONARD, box 98,
Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG BOY
of 13 years; speaks nellsh and French. . Ad-
dress M., box 104. Call Office.
PRACTICAL MACHINIST, ALL-ROUND ME-
X chanic and engineer, married, wants position
where a reilab'.e man can have permanent em-
ployment Address D. C. S., box 14, i all.
"V7-OUNG GERMAN FROM HLLSTEIN WANTS
X situation of any kind. Address H. V., box 27,
Call office.
STRICTLY .SOBER. RELIABLE COACHMAN
from the East desires private-family work;
thoroughly experienced: neat appearance; 4
years with one family: best of references. Ad-
dress A. ROSENBERG, 719% Howard st.
POSITION AS PORTER; GOOD ALL-ROUND
X hotel man; best of references. Address R.,
box b6, Call Office. -'-■'-.
YOUNG man WANTS POSITION around
X private or Kentleman'a place: can take care of
horses and cows and be general!" useful; good ref-
erence. 629 Saciamento st., room 79.
W ANTED- WORK, BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
" man) as dishwasher: assist In cooking.^walt-
Ing; make bed-; city or country. H. MILLER,
631 Sacramento St., room 15.
JpiRST-CLASS HORSESHOER AND JOB-
X btng blacksmith wants place in a good shop,
or will take interest in shop: city or country. Ad-
dress b. li., box 98. Call Office.
Situation" wanted by a French
cook. Address C. C, box 52, Call Office.
LMRS-T-CLASS BREAD BAKER WANTS A
X position. 543NatomasU
BY COMPETENT MARRIED MAN POSITION
JL) as n-atchmun, shipping cleric or any situation
of trua.; speak, read and write English, German
and .Spanish: highest of references. Address H.
8., box 92, Call umce.
. : , — . — ■
JAPANESE COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
J small family; wages $20. 8. NAKAHARA.
1600 Pacific aye.
YOUNG MAN OF 19, WITH REFERENCES
X from last employer, desires a situation. Ad-
dress H. D.. 3968 Army st.
\V ANTED — MIDDLE- AGED AMERICAN,
'» with references.' wan s situation as gardener
and general work about private place: horses, cow;
bandy with tools: moderate wages. Address Will-
ing, box 119, Call Office.
BY YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
in cash grocery: have had some experience:
object, future partnership. Address G. C, box 52,
Call Office.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1 Call; want ads and subscriptions taicen.
QQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
000 The Call; bubacriptlons and want ada
taken. -
T» RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
-D St. — Want ads and subscriptions taken. 'JggS
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJ£
dt Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
-417 MONTGOMERY, COKNER OF CLAY—
• !—< open unti 9:30 clock: branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NX.
" Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
SI 60 to &6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THB
A. WEEKLY CALL, to wraoDer. for mailing.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
oUSKKEEPERi $15; GIRU SACRAMENTO
St., «15; girl, Folaom si., $20: girl, Fell St.,
$16 girl, Geary it., $20: girl, Pierce st., $15: girl,
Koss Valley, $20; girl, Clay St., $15; girl, Wash-
ington St., $16: girl. Green St., $15; girl for Oak-
lan i; girl, Scott St., $25; nursegirl, 910; German
nurseKlrl, $20. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
0 COOKS. $20 AND ROOM, SMALL BOARD-
— Ing-nouses; cham>>«-rraaid« and wr.it some, $15
and ri.om; lunch waitress; 2 waitresses, $6 a week;
chambermaid, $15 and room; waitress, city, $15
and room; laundress. $25 and room: waitress,
country, *20 and room; waitress, country hotel,
$15 and room. MAR I IN's, 749 Marke: st.
pOOK AND SECOND GIRL, $86, ETC. MAR-
\J Tlis'S, 749 Market su
GIJ'.L FOR KENNETT, LAI,., $25. CALL
early. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
41 WAITi< h SSES FOR SOUTHERN CALIFOR-
— nia; $UO and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
WANTED — COOK, NO WASH, AMEKI-
can family, a short distance, $30:
waitress and parlormaid, $25; 3 cooks. German
style, $25 aud $30: 3 Germnn, English and
American nurses, $20 aud * $25: 2 waitresses,
boarding-bouse and restaurant. $20 and $25: and
a large number of girls for housework. J. F.
CROSETT <fc CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES, HOTEL SOUTH, $20; WAlT-
ress, hotel, near city, $20; waitress, hotel, city,
$20: * houseelrls, *li 0: 4 German girls, «20:
houseglrls sleep at home, $18; girls for house-
work, city, $12 and $15. C. It. HAN SEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
COOK, GERMAN STYLE, «35; SECOND GIRL,
Men i., $25; 8 housework nir:s, city and coun-
try, $20 and $26: 8 young girls, assis:, $10 to $15.
Miss cULLfc.N, 3VS3 suiter st. , ■ ■
1 FRENCH MAID, $20: GIBL FOR SECOND
1 worn who speaks French, Oakland, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. . ,
IRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
vJ nursegirls and cooks for the country: Swedish
or German preferred.' MRS. D ADA ill, 313 Sutler.
OFFICE FKK REDUCED; 25 CTS.; UIRaJ3OF
all nationalities to till various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Masoa st,
NLY FACTORY HANDS ON LADIES'
wrappers and waists; also apprentice. 409 a
Turk st.
WANTED— GOOD COOK * A SKCOND GIRL
»» for country. 9:30 to 12, 1900 Washington at.
WAITRESS; DECENT ONE AND WILLING
»» towo.k. Apply 438 Third st. ./
OOD C >OK, $25, NO WASHING: WAIT-
. ress for private family. $25. 721 Ellis st .
"TTOUNtS iJIUL TO ASSIST IN A COFFEE
X saloon and chophouse. 12 Clay st. *
W ANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
" waiting. 1307 Hyde st.
■\TEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR general
xi housework; sleep 'home; good living; $10.
2007 Jucksou.
\V r ANTED— A LADY OK : TACT AND RE-
■ it] flnernent for position as office manager: secur-
ity requireu. Address Manager, box 43, Call office.
F. DiiEtJSCUTTING SCHOOL—
• tailor system taught. 916 Market St., rm. 64.
M LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X I Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
O-\ LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JI.O Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH i DRESS
X.- cutting and making taught: easy payments:
unlimited lessons; •*. patterns » 25c : ■■■ MCDOWELL
Dresscuttlng School, 636 Market st.
11 £ NINTH ST,— BRANCH OFFICE OF
11') This-. Call; subscription and want ads
taken. '".; ?.■-••_ .■- r- .-■ , ■ ;.i._> ' .s.-.'
AWRENCE : CUTTING SCHOOL .IS . THE
-i only reliable place : for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect.", • 1231 Market st. '
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
-00 rooms; 25c to $15* per night; $1 50 to $6
, per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
HOTEL BAKER, $40 AND ROOM; COOK, 810
a week: second couk, who can do pastry. $30
and room; cook, $40 and room: : night cook, s3o;
cook, $63, hotel work: - cook; $75 and room, hotel.
MARTI 749 Market st.
HriLPER, .CARRIAGE-BLACKSMITHING;
man who can grow blackberries. 'MARTIN'S,
7*9 Market st. .?;- 5 J.; ;,
OOK; $60: NO PASTRY. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
ALL AROUND TAILOR, COUNTRY SHOP,
816 per week. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing : Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay a:. ■-
WAITER, NEAR CITY, $20 AND FOUND;
pruners and farmers, $15 and $20: man to
raise blackberries on shares, etc. MURRAY <£
KKADY, Leading ' Employment Agents, 63 1 and
636 Clay st.
BURLEIGH DRILLMEN, COUNTRY, $2 A
day and board; 2 farmers for orchard work, $20
and founa. C. R. HASBEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
I")AKER AND PASTRY-COOK: COUNTRY
J> hotel; springs; $40. C. R. HANBEN <t CO.,
110 Geary si.
ANTED— 2 • PRUNERS: MAN TO RAISE
'" tnrkeys on shares; farmers, cracker baker
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
nemo at.
pERMAN OB SWEDISH BKDMAKER: $15
VT MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter st.
PAt-TUY COOK FOR HOTEL, $35. HOTEL
XT GAZKTTK, 420 Kearny st.
BARBERS, ATTENTION — A MASS-MEET-
Ing will be held Sunday, January SI, at 3 p.m.,
at 102 O'Farrell st., to discuss the bill now in the
Legislature for the competency of barbers and the
abolition of the barbers' schools. H. B. JEN-
KINGS, chairman of committee.
PHOTOGRAPH COUPON MEN; BIG MONEY:
X call from 12 to 1 to-day. W. G. C, Golden West
Hose!.
ANTED-CABINET-MAKEB, 647 BRAN-
nan at.; upstairs.
YOUNG NEAT BOY FOR PRIVATE FAM-
X ily at Menlo Park; $18 and found. 315 Sutter.
"VTIGHT COOK WITH REFERENCE; WAGES
Xi $8 per week. 113 seventh st.
pOLORED BOOTBLACK WANTED AT 1211
\J Market st.
"DUTCIIER-8HOP; CLEARING $100 PER
-13 month; must be sold In 2 weeks; proprietor
engaged in other business by March 1. Fur par-
ticulars apply 1205 Broadway.
rEW more MKN WANTED for THE new
J ' dry-goods house to be opened next month in
this city; by authority of the firm. V. S. Indus-
trial Agency, room 165, Crocker buildlnz. Also a
boy 16 or more to act as porter and deliver parcels.
ANTED— BUYER FOR A COFFEE AND
lunch business: clears $100; business dis-
trict; price $350. A. M. SPECK & CO., 662 Mkt.
GREEN HANDS AND SEAMEN FOR SOUTH
VX Sea. HERMAN'S, 637 Clay st.
WANTKD— TENANTS FOR VACANT
" stores, flats and cottages, from $10 a month,
at A. M. bPECK A CO.'S. 602 Market st.
Hi UN.sWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
OTRONG BOY NOT UNDER 15 FROM RE-
O spectacle parents to learn the candy trade; call
at once at aCHAEFER's, 21 Sixth st.
QHOEMAKERB WANTED ON MEN'S SHOE*.
0 202 a Fifth st.
BARBERh— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X» P. C. Barbers' Assn. is. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
V secretary .H. BERNARD, 102 t>eventh st
fTIHREK-CHAIR BARBER SHOP; 4 FINE
X living-rooms; yard; also gas range for sale
cheap; owner going East; bargain. 408 Sixth si,
rpWO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP. FOR BALE
X cheap; Rood location. 415 Hayes st.
ARBERS-GOOD 3-CHAIR SHOP: MUST
£> be sold at once. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis st.
hAItBER WASHSTANDS, 1,2 AND 3 BOWLS,
cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
W ANTED TO-DAY— MAN WILL-
' * Ing to work and invest; $10 cash; $'-'0 weekly
guaranteed; also man with small capital as mana-
ger of branch office; good pay. 215 t-ansome, r. 12.
ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF BHOEB
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
ECRU ITS WANTED FOR THE U. a MA-
Xt rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens of the United States, or those
who have legally declared, their Intention to be-
come snch; must be of good character an i habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, Cat.
1"I iK NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXU The Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
ELCHO HOUKK. 863 V a MARKET ST.— ROOMS
XJ 20c, 25c to 500 night; $1 to $2 wees.
9^9A MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
iiO&yj want ads taken for THE CALL.
DOOMS 160 TO 75c Pi=.R NIGHT; 60c TO $1 60
Xl/ per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
FURNISHED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
0 75c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
ANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given:
catalogue sent. S.F. Barber Scnooi, 188 V 3 Eighth st
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 15
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
\\' ANT ASH AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
• » The Call are taken at Branch uffice, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
ANTED.TO COLI-ECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" ers&clerki. KNOX Collection Acer. 110 Suttee
Or O(- MISSION BT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— « )— U The Call; subscriptions ana want ada
taken.
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mf.N TO ».ET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c; best, free lunch. 643 Clay
MIRY ACME HOUSK »67 MARKKT S.T., Bg-
J. low Sixth, for a room; 15c a night; $1 a week.
POSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINCLE FUR-
XV nlshed rooms, -0c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidcsdorff sts.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CANTHINKOF
some simple thing to vatentf Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
oeys, Washlnßton. D. C for ; their $1B«W prtsa
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
ISCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 ililKO ST., KB.
Vr MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to.and from the ferry.
ANTED-SINGLB, ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
week: rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. :
-\(\l\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 100, 150
.1 V/U and 'JOe a night, including code* and roil*.
(24 WaHhlngtou st , near Kearny.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPArR
shoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ide through the day can have their snoes repaired
et night while you wait: laaies' soling, 35c; men'l
Eollng, 60c: - flue shoes made to order from 32 up:
we have a lot of sho«« been damaged by water, at
l»ss than one-fourth' their value, from 25c up to
$-• 50. 662 Mission St.. bft. First a., and Second st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNl-
tnre and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
T^URNITCRE, STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
X ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANY WHERE PAID
XJ. I i.v Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Markei.opp.Jonei
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 > CENTS — TH»
>V WKEKIiT CALL, in wraDper. for malline.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — COMPLETELY FURNISHED
house of 5 to 7 rooms Yin * rood , locality ; by
small family; state price; references exchanged.
H. D. TRACY, box 59. this office.
BOARDING WANTED.
WANTED— BY AN KLUERLY COUPLE, 2
' » sonny rooms, - unfurnished preferred, :. in a
quiet family, with . board: ? terms $50, best refer-
ences: not temporary. P F.. box 16, Call.
WANTED-MISCELXANEOUS.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: » LUMBKK, SASUES.
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
Sell YOUR BOOK*. CLOTHING AND JKW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 : Sixth :' at.: send postal.',
PROFESSIONAL \ CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
«l 28 «nd - 27, Crocket buildup; , Mii«puoue Main
75, Ban Francisco, Cat \ '",,
JOHN K. AJTKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHKa
O attys a-, law. torn 51 6 18. sih uoor. l'urroit oid,c j
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 M AKKBT, COR
ooldenUate ay. ; diseases of women a specially.
PERSONALS.
TNFOKMATION WANTED OF THE WHERE-
-1 abouts of -MBS. CELIA < SIMMONS or her
daughter, KATE. Call or address A. SIMMONS,
925~Larkinst.
R. JESS RASSMUSSEN. AGED 36 YEARS,
a native of Denmark, Is requested to com-
municate with his aged mother, MRS." MARIK
MILLr. R, 219 Franci&co St., city.
INFORMATION OF THE WHEREABOUTS
1 of O. M. McCLOUD and wife, last heard of were
in Oakland In 1894. -Write C. S. SAMUELS.,N,
New Atlantic Hotel, San Francisco. .■■ .
DX. AD-OS SWAIN. FEMALE SPECIALIST;
consultation and examination free. 51 Fifth.
GENT FOR DR. SIKGUN'S HEALING
liniment. C. O. STUART, Berkeley, Cal.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW* A .SPEC-
ialty private: no fee wl:houc success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, a at- i aw, 850 Market,cor.Stocktn
ABY FOR ADOPTION. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Kighth St., Alameda. . .
"PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE
-L reasonable: 10 years' experience: all matters
strictly confidential. Address or call, 323 Steven-
soi, st. G. R. WEBSTER.
Mrs. c. SANCHEZ. artistic hair-
dresser and manicure. 514 Pine St., room 7.
HE COPARTNERSHIP HERETOFORE r X-
-1 istlng between W. T. ROBINS' and A. F.
WADE under the firm name oLCentral Hardware
and Too; Co. at 12 First st. was dissolved January
1, 1897, business now being conducted by A. F.
WADE. . - - ' . . '
HAVE TOU TBIED
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO - MAGNETIC
BATH
For those rheumatic pains that cause yon so
much suffering? You don't need to suffer an-
other day. The cur.- is simple, the remedy pleas-
ant and comfort always follows. One trial will
benefit you Don't forget the place. Hygienic
board and snnny rooms If desired. Come to-day
to 1533 BUCHANAN .ST. Consultation tree, 1 to
3 and 6 to 8; Sundays 10 to I*.
I HAVE BOUGHT OUT ALL THE BIGHT
and title of W. T. Kobinson In the Central
Hardware and Tool Co. All accounts are payable
to me. A. F. WADE, 12 First st.
MME. PEARL BHELDON, CARD READER,
has returned. Call after 12, r.17, 120 Ellis su
"WHAT IS THE USE, MR. LEDERER,"
™» said a lady, "of paying 50 cents to have one's
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
lently for only 25 ceats?" And that's what I say.
Shampooing the hair and treating the scalp with
QUINONI* hair toulc 50 cents. G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st. ;
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED;
0 obesity reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broadway, Oaklaud, room 25.
LAt RA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's. y
METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
1»1 Parrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-641: hours • a m. to 12 P. M.; tele. Mint 1471.
AI.NTING, WHITENING, PAPERING,
X etc ; times are hard: must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster su, cor. Eddy.
1 f\f\f\ CARDS, $1 5a SHOW CARDS. ETCI
JLUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary »_.
Qi~\ A DOZEN— FINE CABINET- AT WlL-
tjpl SON'S Gallery, 1028 MarkeUv
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029% Market «*
beU Sixth and Seventh, Ban Francisco, CaL
C 97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
>)_.! of Cam.: want ads and subscriptions
taken.
V>AKTINGTON'S"eCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc 424 Pine su; Illustrations furnished
for magazines, newspapers, etc
_ BTISTIC H AIRDRESsINO, 25c; $25 FOR
-A- cases of hair falling or dandruff I cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market su, room 28.
rpHE ANIMATOSCOPK, THE PERFECT
X screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Animatoscope Company,
933 Market su, San Francisco, seventh floor. -
R. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl.. r. 803.
"PUPTURK AND PILES CURED; NO PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A PORTERFIELD. 838 Market, su
\t AONISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
ivl chine; uses the klnetoscope films; price $2501
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market-st.
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
* Ing, painting.etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K, MERIGAN, 1302 Webster su
L>IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: I promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market su
ELKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market:
iOO rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.vBE'S, 870 .Mission, cor. sth.
IVOKCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 906 Market su, S. F.
pLOAKS. FUIiS AN U SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome sU
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
»ge free. . .
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES PRI-
-. vate pup Is in dressmaking. D.. box 22, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MBS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times- Don't fail
to see her it you are interested in the affairs of life';
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, loss or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should | go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. — to p. _.. strict. N. B. — Satisfaction
guaranteed by mail, send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
ket st.. Darlors 25 and 26. , Take elevator.
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, insure; consultations on all affairs; noth- -
ing excepted; names, given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post sU, nr Larkln. ■
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOV-
aut card-reader: born with . aoub ■ veil '
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading; ladies, 50c: ttents. $1; palmistry »nd
clairvoyant sittings. $1 50. 126 Turn st.. or. Jones. '
PSY LIFE -READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh St., nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 60c.
ME. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth
ME. MORE AU. BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st
ON CHITA RETURNED: WONDERFUL
\J card-reader. 138 a Fourth st., room 4.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA
dies. 26c: gents, oOc. 961 Mission, nr. 6th.
MRS. DX AN— RETURNED: MEDIUM AND
mental healer. 605 Post st., room 1.
T\yf RS. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAIR-
-IVX voyant in the city. Residence, 1 32 Turk sU
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures riven: Indies 25c: 5)14 O*F«rrelL
SPIRITUALISM.
CAC. 60c 50c. 50c.
O\J Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned gypsr queen will foretell your future,
guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck in love, courtship and marriage: business
and mining investments specialty; positive proof
of accurate predictions given to all. 1 Fifth, r. L
ENEFIT LADIES' AID SOCIETY lO-
nlcht, 418 McAllister sU, by MAUD L. FRIK-
TAG, celebrated ballot lest medium; dancing; re-
freshments; 10c. ■; . .
MRS. KATE HASKINS' M: ETING TO-
night; speaking, tests; Hasklns, Robinson,
Meda Haskins: music. 997 Market su
MKS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT, TUE&,
Wed. and Fri., •* p. _. : trance dr., Mon. and
Fri. eve., 25c; sittings daily. 326 McAllister su
MMX. USMAN, : SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDl-
uuj; life readings, love airs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
RS. MAYU-STKERS— T< -NIGHT
8 o'clock. 2&c;reaJin3s. $1. 112% Oak su '
DR-'ADDIE SWAIN— SEANCE TO-NIGHT
at 51 Fifth su ; 10c; brin< flowers. " • .
Mis!* MAUD FOSTER, BUSINESS ME- '
dliim. room 8, 28% sixth su
RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FKaNCIS*. Independent SLATE
. writer. 118 Halsbi sU; hours 9 until 6p. v.
VI RB. H.LLIS, MEDIUM: BITTINGS.9 TOB *l-
i>J clrclo-iTiip:!.. j-r!.. 2p. m., 25c 233 Valencia!
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM -' SCIENTIFICALLY ' TAUGHT:
success grtd.Hy pnoiloMesmerlolna,6 O'Farrell
BUSINESS CHANCES.
riIHOSE WHO ARE SKEKING BUSINESS
X places it will pay thorn by calling on THOMAS
& CO., 33 Sixth St., room 18.
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS:
X must be able 10 give good reference: no other*,
need to apply. 33 Sixth st., room 18, THOM ASI
&CO ,y~ I
flsfinO WILL BUY A FINE COFFEE HOUSE;'
tff"Jl/U a good location; doing a good business;
will hear investigation. 33 Sixth su, THOMAS <&
CO., room 18.
©O^fl WILL BUY A FINE CANDY STORK
«JP_.UU doing a nice business." Call 33 Sixth
St.. room 18, THOMAS <fc CO.
TTIGHEBT CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURNI-
i ■*-*- ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. BTK.NBKRG CO.. 632 Market st.
&500 SALOON AND WINE CELLAR; OP-
«£m «« DOsUe theater; established many years;
e^MarifetT' 0 ' ° la * 8e - BMB£KO & CO -
5425 nid I °Ki WHOLESALE DISTRICT:
Market st! B y> STE^ 1; ERO & CO.. 632
©Q^O CORNER GROCERY AND BArT
$t,£ tinVin^r"** »»•" *>f<S k D of B Mar
ket SU, rent $25, with lease; excellent ch«n'-<» for
a man of energy. STkNßkrq co .* 632 Markov
5350. COAL-OIL Hol'TE: 400 CUSTOM
trial., BTENBERO CO.. b32 sJttZl™'
GROCERY AND BAK: 4 rooms- **ic.
$200. DECKER. 1020 Market ,v PKICB
,»OCr| STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-"
<g)OOU tlon store. DECKER, 1020 Martae t su
d^-ior FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT-
JlblZO. H. G DECKER, 1020 Market
mO TAILORS— A GOOD CHANCE TO BUY A
1 good merchant tailoring business, with or with-
out goods and trimmings on hand, or halt Interest
for a good cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of fil-
ing. Owner can be seen from 10 to 2 o'clock, bun-
day, January 31, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel.
®9nnn reliable Partner wanted
i£)£\J\J\J. to keep books; established paving
butcher business; bona fide investment: owner
called East: principals only apply to owner, ad-
ply this office. r
OOi> AND COAL YARD OB MILK BUsf.
»' ness; stable, 9 stalls: flat 5 rooms to let; low
rent; good location. 1916 Mission st.
ffljjfi BRANCH BAKERY, NOTION-STORii
<iP^"« and 8 rooms; rent $10. Apply Call Offica
CM nx CIGAR- STAND; BENT CHEAP;
<£* -t— parties leaving city. 1056 Market sU
T7UR3T-CLASS MJLLINERY-STORE; GOOD
X I location; 3 furnished rooms. 1037% Market.
ALOON; A GOOD BUSINESS; GOOD RE A.
O son for selling; no agents. M., box 40, Call.
OR SALE-CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
$260. Apply 121 h-ighih 8U
<a?l P.fl BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS;
«IP-I.— >V. furniture of 6 rooms: cheap rent; fi no
location. Property Exchange, 850 Market su
ALF INTi-KEBT IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
business on principal atreeu Address R. S.
box 125, Call Office.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
VT capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post
St., room 8.
<p>7?: cigar-stand, well establish-
tJT ' -•• ed, nr. MarkeU COLLIER, 306 Sansome.
C_£nfk RESTAURANT FOR SALE: DAILY
«mDUU. receipts $40; full trial given. a, box
71, Call Office.
AN WANTED BY EASTERN LADY; UN-
dertake country business. 1 Fifth sU, room 1.
ffl>~| 00 BHOEBHOP ?OR SALE IN GOOD
tJpXvv. mining ramp; good business; all a
good workman can do; good prices for work;
neat shop, newly fixed up: price Includes shop-
fixtures, good will, etc Apply for particulars to
Stoli and Van Bergener, 546 Market su, or A. S.
BURROUGHS, 325 O'Farrell si.
PARTNER WANTED WHO CAN INVEST
X from $2500 to $3000 in an enterprise In Mexico,
enormously profitaole; does not need to go down
if not wishing to, but I want none but a keen and
brilliant man, who must have money and judg-
ment, a, box 71, Call Office. J
-$U7nn CHOP AND OYSTER HOUSE, NEAR
•4P I \J\J. Baldwin; good reason for selling. In.
quire this office.
OR SALE CHEAP- ELEGANTLY FITTED
Jl up restaurant: parties are leaving city. Ad-
dress 167 Ninth sU
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
for sale. Twenty -second and Fair Oaks sts.
EXPRESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Sutler sts. J. C. F«KDEKICKB.
OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKKRY: - EVERY',
thing complete; for sale cheap. . Apply Call.
OR SALE— GOOD EXPRESS BUSINESS.
Apply SW. cor. Eighth and Market sts, t
INE PAYING CORNER CIGAR-STORE; '
cheap. 1 Taylor su: Mitchell's corner.
9P\9f? MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_«J_.U want ads taken for The Call.
TQLET-CIGAK-STAND, CLUBROOMS AND
XbasemenU 689 California st.
©1 Pirt CASH: GOOD- PAYING RESTAU-
«IP 1 O\J rant; receipts from 815 to $20 a day.
Apply 948 Flilmore su, cor. McAllister.
FINE OPENING IN ESTABLISHED DETEC-
tIve business for partner with little money.
X., box 1, Call Office.
BARGAIN; FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT;
JL) if sold this 'week; living-rooms; no agents.
R., box 18, Call Office.
pOKNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
yj business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
OPLENDID OPENING FOR BUSINESSMAN
O with $600. Particulars SICKELS, 620 Markeu
<C9nn BUYS HOTEL AND BAR: RENT
tJP_.UU $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth su, near
Potrero aye.; car stops.
"DKBTAUKANT: CHEAP: SEAT 50 PERSONS;
XV living-rooms; present owner for 6 years; muse
leavecity; near factories. R. »., box 85, Call.
p OOD-PAYING COUNTRY HOTEL TO RENT
VJ at reasonable terms. MRS. A. BIDWELL.
Rio Vista, Solano County, CaL
OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
fine corner saloon and rooming- hoteL Capitol
Hotel, Eleventh and Franklin sts., Oakland.
ITFne basement suitable FOR any
business; one block from .M arkeu 15 Grant aye,
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
J— vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
Printing material for sale cheap
X at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
ANTED— PARTNER IN CHOWDER AND
. liquor house. • 660 Sacramento, cor. earny.
ENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJT young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room 2.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
— 1 close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THKS
000 Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
» vVEisK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— a
A WEEKLY CALL. la wrairoer. for mailing. A
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. T*
T\ECKER'S BARGAINS-
DECKER'S BARGAINS
XJ 2 7- room house $7001 22- room house. . $500
10- room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner 760
66 rooms, cor... 8,000 14 rms on Sutter 700
11 rs., must sell 20u. 66 rms, best city 3 500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
dtOSA HOUSE OF 10 SUNNY BOOMS;
«JP-_c»V/. north of Market; clears $35 over ex-
penses. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st
FOR SALE— RUOMING-HOUSE: 24 ROOMS-
S2OO. 140 Minna sU
OQ-KOOM HOUSE AT A BARGAIN ON AC-
— O count of change of business. 11 Eddy sU
BARGAIN: $760: NICKLY FURNISHED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. 604 Geary.
ANTKD TO BUY. OR RENT A LODGING-
house of, 20 rooms or- upward. J., box ll>6,
Call. ,
FURNITURE FOR wxr^ xjit
4(1(1 CAKPtTS; CHAMBER b_4* $14; '
«V I • tor e*. *5: parlor tets, 320: fclding-beds.
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
A.T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
X\: lowest prices on household goods: new or gooi
as new: casti or on time: open evenings.
BUCKINGHAM FITBNITUKE CO. — LOWEST
-»-» prices; furniture, carpets: all erode*. SOB MUs'n
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STKAM CARPKT CLEANING WORK*
cleans, moves. lays carpets. U. H. STEVEN*
Mi-r. 38 and 40 l.ightb su ; telephone South 250.
;\\THEN VoC BKCUME DISGUSTED WITH
'• poor work send toSPACLDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatln? Works. 353-57 Tehamast.; teL Sa 4J.»
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg. alte*
«J . atlon works. 409 McAUlster. lei. Jissie 3'J^.
/CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
\Jnew. 23 Tenth: lei. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
Jr. E. Mil CHKLL. CAKPKT-ULEANINU CO..
. 240 14th su ; cleunins 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
pARPET-OLEANINO, Sc; LAYINU, 3c: KUil
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19Sttnt-
COKKI-IN'S CARPKT- BEATING ' WOKK*
\J 833 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1-4HOUSES TO LET.
CM A 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH— B
tiU. rooms with every convenience; marine
view.
AQA JACKSON — URi'K BRICK BUILDING.
tOt: suitable for storage or wholesale purposes;
,concrne basement: newly renovated. ,\pplyL.
(C BABIN, 413 Kearny s:.
(TO LKT— IO3O PINK ST.: 2-STORY HOUSE,
110 rooms. oath: uew:y renovated; Nob Hill.
Inquire on premises.
BANNAN— SUNNY SIDE. ABOVE BECOND
—2-story house; 6.rooms and bath: rent low to
a good t>Mian:. Apply to C. S. CAPP&CO, Real
Estate Agents, 415 Montgomery «v
'FAKBELI., BET. MASON AND TAYLOR-
Hear house Of 3 rooms. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& CO., Keal ! statr Agent-.. 415 Montgomery st.
1 KXINGTON AVK. (FORMERLY BTEVEN-
J J son st-), b< i. Mission and Valencia, Twemiein
and Twenty-first— Neat 2-story house; 6 rooms
and bath rent low to a good tenant. Apply to C.
S. CAi'P A CO., Real j state Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery st.
pREATLY REDUCED RENT TO STEADY
VX tenant: newly renovated; painted; cable
passes. 707 Mason su
HOUSE OF 4 BOOMS (REAR), 1310 LAKKIN
XI su Apply 1318 Larkin su
7-ROOM CO IT AGE. STABLE AND LARGE
• yard; on Vicksburg and Jersey sts.,nr.Twenty-
fourth and Church.
Q9'i CA P.KNT RRDUCKD; SUNNY
Jipo— .O\J. house 7 rooms, bath; modern. 914
Kills su, near Van Ness aye.
CM A HOUSE OF 4 NICE ROOMS, 77 FEET
*$)I\J. from cor. California and Hyde water
and ashes free. Inquire 13-:8 California st.
2 NICE SUNNY HOUSES ON LFAVEN-
worth, near Jackson; rent reduced to 915. Ap-
ply BuVEE, TOY «X .SONNTAG, 30 Montgomery.
HOUSE OF 9 SUNNY ROOM*-, COR. PIERCE
su and Elm aye.. nr. Turk: $3- 50.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED; 93. SMITE,
(collector, 14 McAllister st.. rooms 10-11.
3£9n 2814LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
tJ>_,U. $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
914—1833 Union; 4 rooms.
5 ROOMS; *33b SECOND ST.; 915 PER
O month. Key at 539 .-econd st.
7 ROOMS; 6378 SECOND bT.; $17 Piiß
• mouth. Key at 539 Second st.
C BOOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODEBN IM-
j., O provements; 45 Federal at.; $15 per month to
<fc ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
O provements: 45 Federa: s. ; $15 per mor.h to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 >eiondaU
\ HOUSES TO murr FOR VKRY LITTLE
\ XX money at £AUiWL\ a. ilA___oN_'si xo
Montromerv st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
T ROOMS; NICELY FURNISHED FLAT.
j with or without housekeeping accommodations.
1023 Ellis su
COTTAGES TO LET. /
1 C.99 TURK— COTTAGE 4 BOOMS; ALSO
X <_>_.•_ 3 rooms rear; large stable.
$7 AND 99: COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
su, or G. U. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery su
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS: BATH: BA*E-
-0 ment; yard: rent cheap. Dolores and Fifteenth
©IE NICE COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH:
(JpXO. snnny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
FLATS TO LET;
Ql Q HYDE— MOST KLEGANT FLAT
t/lO in i he city: 8 rooms, bath, butler's pantry,
etc.; 5 minutes from Kearn3*or larketsts.; f?6O.
Apply ii ADISON & BUKKE, 6-6 Market su
A BHTON * GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
J\. st 1233 Dupont at., s nth ofVallejo; 8 rooms
and bath: newly papered and painted; rent $20.
OWER FIAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH: MOD-
- em improvements; rent moderate 1806O'Far-
rell st., near Stelner.
QQ7C, ARMY SrTi NEAR SANCHEZ— 2
DO I O modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms: $16, $16;
new. *
SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH.
627 Larkln, near corner Ellis.
WHY NOT BUY A HOME INSTEAD OF
»» pnyinc: rent? Owing to hard times we will
sell 1. homes, say 200 cash and balance s~me as
rent: price from $1500 up. fcee SPECK & CO.,
602 Market su
I' AND 7 ROOM ELEGANT FLATS: RE-
-0 daced f rom 925 to $16 and 918. SPECK it
CO., 602 Market st.
-300 VACANT FLATS AND HOUSES, 58
. to $200; 20 new ones now ready. SPECK <£
. CO., Box Market su - -
V VLEGANTLY FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
I X. sunny belt of the Mission: to a permanent,
I respectable tenant: the rent will only be $20 per
1 month. Apply to X NG <fe HOrtNBLOWF.K, at-
torneys- at-law, cor. Larkin and McAllister sts.
HI LKAVENWORTH, NR. CALIFORNIA
J X 1• ) — 4 sunny basement rooms; rent $10; In-
cluding water.
"V^VV SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS: 8176
_> 25th, cor-Folsom. J. A. ULBICH.4I Crocker bl.
ffl»(i FLAT. 4 ROOMS 26 BITCH ST., BET.
*od. Harrison and Foisom.
I ri Ql MISSION ST., NEAR ELEVENTH—
XOXOg Bay-window flat: 6 large, sunny rooms;
bath; laundry: rent, 922.
HANDSOME, SUNNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS; ALL
modern; cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento su
■\TICE BUN.NY FLAT: 6 BOOMS; RENT
1\ cheap. 307 Pacific su
• TTPPER AND LOWER FLATS: 6 ROOMS
U and bath; yard; $18, 915. 12 Sbotwell, near
Fourteenth.
(Jjl A CLEAN FLAT: DOUBLE PARLORS;
*S>l "±. bath. 41 Hermann st, junction Market
and Valencia.
Dhl A UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH; COR-
»*7 1 ~i. ner. Apply Twenty-fourth and Florida:
grocery.
71 o FRANKLIN-SUNNY FLAT, 8 BOOMS:
I 1 ail modern improvements. Next to cor. of
Golden Gate aye.
<2»9(k BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5 ROOMS;
«JP_U. bath and all conveniences. 625 Vallejo.
■l f*(\-i STEINEK— LOWER . SUNNY FLAT
IOU-i of 6 rooms; modern improvements.
-I Af\Q CALIFORNIA, NEAR HYDE— NICE
ltlUO sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent $-5.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE P.OOMH AND BATH.
Inquire 1016 Jackson su
NICE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH AND MOD-
J.l era conveniences; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
gu, near Hayes.
IQ-I 7 DORE— Oif 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
OX I rent $9.
<_ 1 A FLAT 4 ROOMS. HALL, DOUB__ PAR-
tJpIU. lors; yard. 1606% btevenson su, near
Eighteen
•VTW. COB. PACIFIC AND HYDE: NICK SUN-
_\ ny flat; 7 rooms; bath; unfurnished.
/ T?LEGANT NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
A .- ' 7 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements.
-^NTb4 Halghi su . '
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
x eral st.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 639 second st.
CJ«/» REAR COTTAGE: 3 BOOMS; NO CHIL-
OU. dren. 715Tebamast.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms, 98 to $16; see them. 523 Seventh st.
FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
X 915 per month; 26101,4 Mission st. Apply 844
Capp su
ffl» I Q AND $20; MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
«JP I(J rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher su, near 8. end
Fill more.
Q;l A LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth sU, bet.
Noe and banchez. .
T?LATS TO KENT KoK VKRY LITTLE
JC money at ea_-»WIN _ Ha_m.oN-»'4 XU
Montgomery su
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 6 CENTS _ TJ_B
A. WEEKLY CALL. In wracDer. or manina.
LOST.
LOST— LAST SUNDAY ON. POINT REYES
-i train or tsausalito boat, fish basket containing 2
reels, etc. Finder please return to CHAKLts *;
PR_CH r, 626 Clay at., and receive reward.
T OST— ON THE 9TU, «T. BERNARD DOG;
XJ while; two brown spots on side. Return and re-
ceive reward 2204 Twenty-third su Any one hold-
ing same will be prosecuted.
la.Nl'aßY 25, LADY'S GOLD HUNTING-
♦J case watch, chain and charm; reward. 716y 3
Tehamasi. ■
11 AUNDKY POCKET LEDGKK. RETURN
JU 1043 Market st. ; receive reward.
1 O6T-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEUNIA
-L< Savings and Loan Society of tan Francisco, in
ithename of THOMAS or JKNN IK O'DO.MN'ELL,
T«"a 175288. The finder wi.l please return to bank.
UKANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 167 NINTH
-L> su. want ad- and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
FOUND-ONE MA££ _ND COLI. APPL*
X 15 Laidley su ■ .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Broadway.
A(\Q BROADWAY — HOU HEKE NG
T;l/O rooms nicely furnished; also single rooms.
Eddy Street.
91 Q EDDY— 2 LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
*-lO rooms for housekeeping. $14; also single,
$4. • ■
(*{\" EDDY— 2 SUNN*' ROOMS: RUNNING
OU i water; complete; light housekeeping.
71 C. EDDY-LARGE ALCOVE; 2 CLOSETS;
I 1 O gas and bath: light housekeeping.
Ol r EDDY— FhONT. CONNECTING >USE-
VI I keeping rooms; gas stove; private family;
best location.
Ellis Street.
QQA ELLIS-2 SMALL BOOMS FURNISHED
i)OU for housekeeping; in rear; cheap.
i ittti Street.
1 A 7 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
1U I rooms .0 let.
ioni FIFTH-FRONT BOOM AND KITCH-
trZOs en: completely furnished for housekeep-
ing. '
Hyde Street,
fjOA HYDE-BACK PARLOR; COMPLETE
ZiJ\) ior housekeeping: rent $10. ■
El 1 HYDE — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-01 • keeping rooms; sunny yard; private fam-
ily, reasonable.
Ivvarny Street.
QQA KEABNY— -I OR 3 KOOMS, FURNISHED
mOU housekeeping; coal or gay stove.
LarLin > re«..
AC } (\ LARKIN-N'ICELY FURNISHED SUN-
l iJ.\j ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running water; :erms to suit the times.
' V-btvls Street.
1 p LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST-
-10 911; large furnished room and kitchen com-
plete; stove. .__
Market Street.
QAQ MARKET-LA RGK SUNNY OFFICES,
OUO rooms; new building: all modern.
OCA MARKET. COR. STOCKTON— NICELY
OOU furnished front suites: suitab.e for light
housekeeping; terms reasonable.
' AQ MINNA —FURNISHED BOOMS FOB
O^ID housekeeping. _^
Mission Street.
1 f\dO MISSION— CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS.
XUUO with stoves, 96 and np; also housekpg.
-1 999 MISSION— BACK AND FKONT PAR-
K— __ lors; housekeeping; gas: stove.
Montgomery Street.
rnrr MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY - OPEN
o—l until 9:3 o'clock; branch office of The
C all; subscriptions and want ails taken.
>mom» Street..
Ql NATOMA - 2 NICELY FURNISHED
OX front rooms for housekeeping; $2 25 a week;
99 monthly. .*
£/jr NATOMA-20H3 FURNISHED FRON T
DUO rooms for housekeeping; hot water; single.
.Mnili Street.
<>1 NINTH— BAY-WINDOW SUITE: FUR-
*-l nlshed for light housekeeping: stove; run-
ning water.
Vine Street.
TWO OR THREE NEWLY FURNISHED
rooms; gas; bath; in modern flat. 841 Pine su
lo.k Street.
-I QAQ POLK — SEVERAL SUNNY FRONT
1 oU«7 connecting rooms; unfurnished: together
or separate; housekeeping.
mi Hi reet.
mA SIXTH, COR. MINNA-3 OR 4 FINE
lit) sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
lajior street.
Ol l\A TAYtOK-3 BUNNY ROOMS; FUR-
ALKJrk nlsbed: use of kitchen: rent reasonable.
Twentieth Street.
Q£99 TWENTIETH. NEAR VALENCIA— 2
OO*i— sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
THE VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
land Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single; rents reasonable: dining-room to renu
Clay Street.
3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO LET FOR-
O housekeeping; rent moderate. 1249 Clay su
Eddy Street.
CO A EDDY— FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOMS.
OOU with grates; 96 month; housekeeping if
desired.
/•I Q EDDY-LARGE FRONT BaY-WINDOW
Oil/ room: large sunny back room; large clos-
ets.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDER-
cent lights In every room; reading-room, con-
taining dally papers; smoking-room and ladles'
lurior; open all nlgUt: rooms per night. 35c to
91 GO: week, 92 to $8: month. $8 to 930: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.hot and cold water In each room: baths.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
791 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY BOOM, SUITA-
-1 — 1 We tor 1 or 2; rent 97.
Eighth Street.
QHEBMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
fifteenth Street.
1 (\Q?\ FIFTEENTH. CORNER VALENCIA—
XKJOU sunny flat: 3 rooms; bath; 915 a month.
loliam Street.
7f?f»l FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
I UU2 furnished sunny double and single rooms-
every convenience.
iulton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites: singles; transient.
Otarv Street.
91 7 GEARY-LARGE FRONT ALCOVE-
OX I furnished for 2or 3 persons: reasonable.
C 1 Q GEARY-SUNNY BACK PARLOK: USE
010 of piano; running water; other rooms-
board.
m GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS; NICELY
I I X furnished ; rent reasonable.
Howard Street.
QQQ HOWARD, CORNER SIXTH-NICELY
iJOO lurnixhed suites, 93 50 a week: single beds.
$1 25 to 91 60; double, $1 50 to $2 50 a week. -
*■ Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— BUNNY BOOMS TO KENT; FUR-
I nlsbed or unfurnished.
Jessie Street.
£91 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVEN TH-4 BOOMS;
UZ.X2 rent 99. ,
£CA JESBIE-2 FLOORS OF 3 NICE BOOMS;
UOU unfurnished: rent $11 and $1&
don ok Street.
9H7 JONEB-THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
iv I management; elegant sunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to $30.
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
IX. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In evert 1 respect: term« reasonable. ■
AT KW AVENUE MOUSK, Wj4 KEAKNY ST.,
11 corner Jackson— Single rooms 15, 20, 25. 60
cent-g per night: special rates per week or month.
Lurkin Street.
007 LARKIN, CORNER GOLDEN GATE
O«- I aye.— Pleasant furnished or unfurnished
snnny rooms.
Lily A venue.
mLILY AYE. — NICELY FURNISHED
100 front single room: cheap. .
JUaiket Street.
VOBEMITW HOUSE. 1045 MARKET - rBB
1 Pighu 86c to 91 : week. «1 60 10 96- lnmlUaa.
McAllister Street.
99 MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
£Z.\J'> rooms: also housekeeping rooms; rent
reasonable. _^
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
HL family rooming-house: 91 60 to 96 per week.
— — _____ ________ ; — 1 —
Ninth Street. '
9 A NINTH, NEAR MARKET —FR O N T
ZU suites and singles for lor 2 persons; grate,
gas; running water; light housekeeping.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
Polk xtree..
-1 nnr POLK, NE.»K SUTTER — NICELY
1 — \'O furnished front room: terms reasonable.
rose Street.
7i Q POST-2 FURNISHED ST'NNY ? CON-
IJO nectin? rooms: terms reasonable, j
.7-1 C POST (UPSTAIRS)-a FRONT ROOMS;
i It) furnished; reasonable; permanent parties.
rowel Si roe
1 no POWELL. CORNER O'FARRELL— FUR-
IZt) nlsbed suite with folding doors: also single.
\\T ILLISFORD- 212-214, POWELL-NEWLY
* » furnished rooms.
il.ir POWELL, CORNER GEARY— NICELY
Z.J--J lurnished large sunny corner room.
second Street.
or SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
0 I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
sixth Street.
1 Ql SIXTH— CHEAPEST FRONT SUITE IN
102 city; also other sunny rooms.
OO SIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEHANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
in- SIXTH — CHEAP; NICELY FUR-
J «-0 nlshed double and single sunny front rooms.
0 <n SIXTH— LA FKONT ROOM WITH
_4— fireplace; $6 per month.
»«%entri street.
-149 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE.
J. *i— gant furn. suites, kitchen; also single rooms
btockion aireec.
mHE EUROPEAN. 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
-1 Dished rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
1 A\i' STOCKTON — NEWLY H'RXISHKD
iiiO roonis; also 2 for offices; In a new hov e.
Sutter Street.
rA A SUTTER, COR. WELL-SUNN FUR-
OUU niahed or unfurnished rooms. TeL main
6375.
\ tin >c*« Avituuo,
n-\ Al VAN NESS AVI-. — N-ICELYFURNIBH-
Dl Js ed rooms: $6 and $8; gentlemen only.
miscellaneous.
2 UPPER FRONT BOW-WINDOW SUNNY
rooms: suite or single: grate; near Oak and
Pierce. Address J. B , box 2, Coil.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION;
branch office of The, Call. Subscriptions and
want ads tak»-n. " ,\r
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
1 o^7 ST - SUNNY KOOMS WITH BOARD.
rpHE MENTONE, POWELL, COR. SACRA-
-1 ruento— Pleasant sunny rooms; modern con-
veniences: choice tab.c: bay view; liomelUe
place: references.
QAO-VAN NKSS AYE— ELEGANT RUNNY
OUO rooms, en suite or single; excellent table.
OAT LEAVEN WORTH — SUNNY CORNER:
CUI suites, single; excellent table; rates mod.
CAA EDDY, COR. HYDE— SUNNY SINGLE
OUU room, with or without board; terms mod,
BOARD $15: ROOM TO SUIT: FIRST CLASS;
central. Address box D., Call Office. |
m- PINK (KENOVA) — NEWLY FUR-
<— t) nished suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
AO7 GEARY— 2 NKWLY FURNISHED SUN-
jfO I ny suites, with board; terms moderate,
997 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHKDROOMS.
— _ I suite or single; first-class dining-room; good
table: excellent service.
I A SIXTH ST.-THE MANCHESTER; ELE-
-44 gant furnished sunny rooms; flue table board.
inn EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
41— and other rooms, with board; $20 up.
*nr\ BRYANT-FLRNIPHED FKONT BOOM
40U with or without board.
OTKL B'.RTLINO. 714 BiSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
STORKS TO LET.
c 99 SIXTH-STORE. 3 ROOMS, I.AKGE
— _ yard: rear entrance; rent reasonable.
"VTOBTHEAST CORNER PACIFIC AND SAN-
-L\ some sis. ; handsome large corner store; cheap.
STORE WITH FIXTURES: LIVING-ROOMS
and cellar. 3562 Twenty-third su, next to cor-
ner Guerrero.
5.9- STORE, 3 ROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
V 7 — » '. 1128 Howard st., near Seventh, v;r. : i,:
A 1 Ci FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH BOOM
"lID in rear: low renu Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
<& CO., 14 Montgomery sU
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
X> llshed 16 years; $18 per month; key at 639
second st.
carpenter-* bop; $7 per month. 6 De Boom st. ;
key at 539 Second at,
P.umblng-shop; $d per month. 3 Deßoomsu:
key at 639 Second st.
Corner store, 631 second St.; 914 per month;
key at 639 Second su
AT LOW BENT— PART Oi' bTOBK AND
ba>emi»nu 324 Pov su
OFFICES TO LET.
OCA MARKET, COB. STOCKTON— NICELY
OOU furnished front, sunny suite: cheap.
A cyt* SUTTER— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
"i—D light larlors and offices for physicians or
dentists: central; reasonable; atpreclaie.i if seen.
HORSES.
JA HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
IV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
IMIE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA.
1 lenela su, Is the place to golf yon want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o clock.
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OVJ business from 900 to 1600 pounds. Old Turk-
su car stables, 1801 Turk; must be sold.
CAA BET NEW A>'D SECOND-HAND HAK-
OUU ness; all kinds: wagon, carts, surra?
ftrockawar; 40 cheap horses. 16th and ValencU
'A HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
T ADY HAS d BUNNING HORSES TO DIS-
JU pose of: will take trade; piano preferred.
HALL, box 104, Call Office. j
1 OQI NINTH— SI7S; HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS;
IZOa all talL
FOR BAIIE— FIRST-CLASS BUTCHER'S ICE-
chest; one-third value. 1819 Devisadero st.
BARGAIN— 1896 BAMBLKB TANDEM; GOOD
condition: *60. Address is., box 18, Call. ,
OB SALE-A COMBINATION BILLIARD-
tabIe, complete In first-class order: price $150,
cost $360 Apply room 120, Phelan bullalng
DONKEY, GENTLE AND KIND: WILL BELL
XJ cheap. A. F., box 74, Call Office.
FINE GOHDON SETTER DUU, 8 MOB. OLD.
1 FREDERICKS Express, Sutter and Sansome.
A MATEUR FONTS OF TYPE AND CASES,
J\. 60 cents. 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
fTIHOKOUGHBHEi) SCOTCH COLLIE AND
• 1 fox terrier pups for sale; pedigree given. Ad-
dress Pups box 66, Call Office.
NEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARK THE BEST.
iM W. 8. BAY MFG. CO., 12 California su ■;."...
OILERS.ENGINES.aD-H AND MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpman, 137 Beala.
j. AKS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
I) cases, counters, linoleum, - office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. KnONArf, 1017- 1019-JO2l- 1023
Mission at., above Sixth. ■
BAitS, SCALES. MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. MfcKK, 1118 Mission.
ATIONAL CASH KE'iIViEK, GOOD OR-
i\ der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
/COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 1 102 Clay.
AKS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. bHBLV-
' '■ ' ing, etc., tought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-BIZiS
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
SEWING; MACHINES. {.' t
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth sc. .
HOTELS.
Brooklyn HOTEL, 208-212 bush st.,
ii board and room 91 to $2 per day, 76 to $12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to. sl: suite
100 ms for family $1 10 el 50 per night: first-class
service: free coach. CHAKLES MONTGOMERY
STORAGE. - "; ~ : >
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln. 1
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
JLi and School ■of Instruction (incorporated);
PKA TICAi. and I>: DIVIDUAL instruction In
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell at.; elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
iA. Elocution, 1215 Ociavia st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and cradu'iie
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, office days, Tnurs. and Sat. p. it.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers: 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE, 825
Montgomery St.; individual instruction la
shorthand, typine. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc ■
lite scholarship $50: low rate*, per week and mo.
"ELOCUTION AND DRAMA; I EI.SARTE
J-J thoroughly tausht; appearances arranged; 1 to
Bf.lL OL..VE HOFF-SCHRO*.DEK,299Hydest.
BKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-D Private rlcals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
TJOOKKEEPING THOROUGHLY IN 6 VVEEKd
-L> or year's course free: only accountant teaching.
TAKR, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; stuaents trained : office
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL: MECH., ELEU,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
taugiii;es.lB64. A. VAN DER NAILLtN.723 Mkt
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Cam, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes hi.;
open until 9 :30 o'clock.
SPAMSH.Fi ENCH.Etc; I*rof.DEFILIPPE'S
0 Academy of Languages, 32o Post st :eslab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: ' PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
TEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
JLj ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
BANJO, PIANO, MANI'OLI AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth st.
VOICE; DRAMA, ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof. Ross, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
UROF. L. KANKIN — VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
1 mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr.Powell
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PiANO AND VOCaL
lessons. $ 3 mo. Mary Westhaus. i<9 Fifth.
OOOKKPNG. WRITNG, AHITHMTC. GRAMR,
I ) day & night: nocla«s<"-: $5 month. 845 Mission.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND BPEEDI CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home In confinement
with b st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on thedoctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential. bole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-renowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DX. GWYER,
226 Turk st.
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers bis valuable services 10 ih.- un-
fortunate. . With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a pe. feet cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your deliC'te organism is be ond his sure con-
trol. His female montnly remedies are sure and
safe in their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others i 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 60 rears of practice enables him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec ricity hum-
hug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded If a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 P. U.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DALEY, ll&i
Market st., over the Owl Drug Store.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
xY_ ment or worthless pills used; every woman
berown physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores Always in one day;can be
aent and used at home; all cases guaranteed ; do
not trust Incompetent female physicians. DR.
POPPER, the we>l-kaown pioneer, 318 Kearny st.
DR. FOULET'S FRENCH CAPSULES - A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
1 sure; no dang r or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box:
pent free by mall on receipt of price. . WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separate
rooms before and during confinement; All female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers; best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
KHL GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES.
DKS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed: any
disease or plaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low fees; set cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat D. .."
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored In a few hours; safety Assured at any
lime; instant relief for travelers; home in confine*
ment: consult free: confidential: hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
,' A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
xi. ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay until
too late. O>GOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet St.: his 30 year* .
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
fli'AA PAID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
'iptJUv/ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. 5C0T1,325 Geary
VfICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
li at the most reasonable price in the city. MRS.
j*L PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom st.
U PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenacogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drngglsts, 406 Clay si., sole agts,
F. LYING-IN (PRIVATE) HOME; DIS
• eases of women and children. 236 Kearny, r. 9.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
fie MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 264 *'&.
I \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAU
It Jones. Diseases of women and children.
BICYCLES.
MEW STEARNS BICYCLE; USED ABOUT 6
i.i times; for sale terribly cheap if sold at once.
616 Geary st.
EN HURS, BRAND NEW, »15; BARGAINS
In second-band wheels. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, *5 Geary st.
. TRUSTEES' SALES.
rrmusTEEb' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly ■ executed by ANTONIO
81LVA, party of the first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL And THADDEUS 15. KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part, and
the BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated January
2, 1891, ' And recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county of Tulare,
btate of California, in liber 7 of trust deeds, at
pages 394 and following, and. in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 9th day of January,
1897, by the boar<l Of directors of the BANK OF
Vis ALIA, a corporation, and the holder by assign-
ment of the note (No. 10,575). to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum And other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
Ing and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUs H. KENT, trustees, 10 sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness. ■
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL And THADDEUS
B.KENT, trnstees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 9th day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldridge <fc Co., 638 Market
'street, in the City and County of saw Francisco,
btate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United m nies. the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the county *of Kings, formerly part of the
county of Tuiare, state of California, described as
follows,' to wit: •■ ' .
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
< In township eighteen (18) south, range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian: .
Of section thirteen (13), .lie southwest quarter
of the southwest quarter (sW. 14 of SW. Vi) and
the west half of 'he west half of the southeast
quarter of the southwest quarter (W. y* of W.
%of BE. I^, of SW. 1/4). ' . ;
. Of section twenty-four (24), the northwest quar-
ter of the northwest quarter (NW. 14 of NW. 14),
and .the wen half of the west half of the northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter ( W. % of W. Va
of NE. I/4 of NW. I/4). -'
Containing in all one hundred (100) acres of
land, more or ' leas, together with the appur-
tenances. '.'■-..•
TERMS OF " SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United states: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed: and If not so j>ald, unless for want
of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and tne sale to be
void. : Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
.HENRY C. CAMPBELL, \ Trn .,..«
■ - ' « - XHADDEU9 B. KENT, / lrnateefc
CITT REAL ESTATE. ;
SO7- COST $500; $170 CAN REMAIN ON
tit I O. mortgage; lot 33x117; W. side of Mall-
son st., 40 fee; --. of Silver aye.: block 68, Silver
Heights. x ■ ■■-. ' • « . ■
25x120 feet; block 17, University Home-
stead Association. -
*55— 25x100; S. sloe of Shied; St.. 25 feet E of
Worces.er aye ; b.ocs 1, City Land Association. *
CHAs. C. FIsHER, 507 California St.
T>UY A LOT ■ ■•■ ' " -"'^v
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
$5 A MONTH. $5 A MONTH.
As a special offering we will for the next 31)
days sell a few of the choicest lots in the Heyman
$450 EACH. $450 EACH.
$5 A MONTH. $5 A MONTH.
Lots are finely situated, 26*118 each, command
ing grand view of the city, ana 22d-st. electric car-
only half a block distant. They are level and
ready to build on. ..,.•
Buy new. Only 17 of these lots to be sold
They will soon be gone.
: Take 22d-st. car, ride to Hoffman aye., ask for
James A. Co.ter and be will show you around.
JACOB HEY MAN. owner,
11 Montgomery st.
(Jgl/'jrri WILL BUILD A FIRST-CLASS 6-
tJplDiJv/ room and basement cott«f?e; porcelain
bath; wood mantels: brick 011 filiation, etc., com-
plete. $1450 for 5- room cottage. Call and see
plans, specifications, etc.: same submitted tor any
kind of building. VV. W. REDNALL, builder,
2312 Market st., near 14th.
If OR SALE ON EASY TERMS- MODERN
r bouses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.; house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated: sun In every room;
see them to-day. Take Haightor Ellis street car,
»,et oil at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
dMfinn FOR s alk or exchange.
tJ'iUUU. New cottage on 23d aye. Kast Oak-
land; 6 rooms and batn: high basement; brick
foundation; bay windows;' lot 5-xICO.
. U. H. UMBSSEN «V. CO., >V
14 Monteomery *t.
MONET TO LOAN.
mnrAA TO $10,000 TO LOAN ON Oakland
iJpZuUU first mortgages at 8 cent interest.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland,
Cal.
A LOANS ON FURNITUHE :OR PIANOS.
JTV. in San Francisco, Oakland or Alameda. at
lowest rates: without remova.: no commissions;
no delays. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
m»Q/\/\ (inn AT HJV*, PER CENT ON CITY
tJyOvU. ' '\J\t real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
—PKIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, Is the secret of our success,
Cut-rate '.oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance isO9 Market at.
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most, liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D:OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
DIRECT OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.
do removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohua bids, 1170 Market 3:.
ffltQOC l\f\f\ AT BANK RATES: IST AND
<$O.£O.\J\J\J 2d morteaces, estates, rents, etc.;
"lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 62!) Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
f\y FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hail aye.
P;IVAIE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security interest H.D., box 160,Cail Office.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
<g» r A TO $60,000; LOWEST RATE: IST & 20
tjpoyj mortgage: flat or lnstlmnt. Dnrden, 635 Cal.
A DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS, JEW KIKY.KTU
xV Columbia Loan & < ollateral Office. 9 < .rant Rye.
PAWNBROKERS.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, BIL-
-."V pianos: low rates. Loan, 13RTaylor
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FUK CAST OFK
clothlns. < onmono'trnn • oj»n ofne<-. 49 Third.
FINANCIAL.
BANKBOOKS CA 1 . SAVINGS AND LOAN— I
will buy. B. 70 916 Market st, S. F.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to mak« the
selection; bargains for cash, instalments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for $3,
$4 anl $6 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $8, $9 and $10 per month; co cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same fora Stelnway any
time within 8 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stelnway & Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Suiter sts., Ban Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.: Portland. Or.: Seattle, Wash.
WE HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
' » the wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
1 elected stock; all styles, > uprights and grands,
Just received; it is Impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without. a weak point; sole
agents for Ivers & Pond, Llndeman, Connor,
Muehifeid. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
A pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
$3, $4, $5, $t>, $7. $3. $9, *10, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each: deliv-
ered free anywhere In the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices lowest;
everything possible dona u> please mid satisfy me
customer.
HAiNEs, BUSH & GERTS AND KNABE Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT CO., 324 Post St.
' A LMOST NEW WEBER PIANO, $200,
A cheap; Stelnway, good condition, $17»: fine
or an, cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
second floor. Flood building; elegant display of
fine Hardman uprights. s
A DMINISTRATOK'S SALE — MUST SELL.
A pianos at immense reductlonifor cash or on
ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
GOOD UPRIGHTS $125, Sl5O AND $175:
square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market st.
WG. BADGER. SOLE Ai-ENT FORHALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
«[JQA S A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT: FINE
*J \J. condition; $slnstallmts.22lLeaven worth.
ARGAIN — FINK CHICKERING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hlbernla Bank.
G» IHA A WALNUT UPRIGHT, STOOL,
«Jp XUU. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house. 228 Post.
SHAW, BTEINWAY $250, CHICKERING
$185; great bargains: s4 mo. HEINE.I 36
Tl MAGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
IVI bobubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019VanNess
YRON'MACZY, , 808 PuST ST.— SOHMEB,
Newby & Evans, Briggs And other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLIN B, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer 2 i a- bam place.
DENTISTS.
FIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: CHEAP* PAY-
-1 able $1 jveek. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
©7 FULL SET OF TKETH WORTH $15;
♦pi. warranted 6 years: extraction free: filling*
60a Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. . .
OSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 5376.
PHALI'ANT & CHALF ANT, MOVED FROM
\j 8 Mason to 119 Powell; brid&ework a specialty.
COLTO.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 80ti ilAlt-
\J Ket St. DR. CHAKLE.i W. DECKER.
(m/T A BET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED AS
tip I good as can be made; filling $1. DR SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION,; 600; . CROWN
X bridge work A specialty: plates $5 up: 18 years
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.a, 815% Geary. •
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like I new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.:
ET OF TEE I'H WITHOUT A *\LATJ£ UK
H.O. Young, 1841 Polk su , , ,'
R. J. J.LKEK. 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.; open evenings: Sundays till noon.;
Gate aye. ; open evenings: Sundays till noon,
pKOOHE DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4tb; gas specialists; palnlew
extracting, with gas, *1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
R. GEORGE .W. LEEK, THE GENUINS
Leek dentist,' discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of i Improved, bridge i work -or teetn.
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 1 FarrelUt
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND : WAfi-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1123 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WHY PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN YOU
'» can buy it without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts the land ? ■ ■ ■ .
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres %
1 a mile from railroad and *4 of a mile from New
England Mills Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin, Placer County, 'these are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chasers quired t- Improve properties: Interest!
from date of purchase, payable annually in 1 ad-
vance: payments on the purchase money to com-
mence 4 years from date, payable in annual .pay-
ments, to be Increased each year as the places are
improved.
Also colony land— A tract of 8200 acres In Te-
hama county has been surveyed into 40-acre lots
and will be sold at $15 to $20 per acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance 10 be paid in ten annual In-
stal!men"B at 5 percent on deferred payments. If
any one should wish to purchase the whole of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchhse price.
These three properties were taken in on rnort-
gaees, consequently are sold for halt their former
value.'
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO. room 29, second floor,
Mills building.
I /^rv-ACRE FARM. HTJMBOLDT COUNTY—
J-UU Rare chance: very cheap. A. JOHNSON,
47 Sacramento st.
TTOMEsTKAD LOCATION*; NICE FOOT-
JLL hills: fine view: « 100. 531 California St., r. 1.
ARGAIN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables, $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 Mowing springs. $ ■ 5 per acre; j
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro- ,
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasamon, ;
Alameda County. Call or write, 57 Chronicle
building. • " ';
FINE SUMMER RESORT: 20 ACUES ROLL- j
ing land, with 10-room modern house, good
barn we 1, w.ndmill and tank: fine family or-
chard ; magnificent view of valley and bay; 2
miles from town: price, $5300. Call on or ad-
dress P. \\ ILBEKT, ay ward, Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
ANTED— TO RENT A SMALL IMPROVED
farm near enough to city to permit of dully
attention to business: state particulars. . Address
M., box 77, this office. '
BARGAIN; GOOD HOME, $1200; 154 ACRES;
_D best part of Monterey; good house, barn, pure
water: cultivated to wheat; portion of crop to go
with ranch. D., box 91, Call.
A T SACRIFICE; 6-ROOM COTIAGK; HARD
_. finish; bath; hot and cold water; sewered;
8-foot basement: lot 5Ux150; must sell Immedi-
ately; part payment accepted, or will rent by the
year. . Box 261, Haywards, cal.
WANTED —IN EXCHANGE FOR CITY
■» lodging-house clearing $200, improved conn-
try property: will pay part cash. SPECK & CO.,
6U2 Market st.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
Jlj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
SfrS" A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
Ar^C WEEK! CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
C_O' AH CASH, WORTH $4000: NEAR LO-
O — O\J\J cal; 8 rooms and bath. West Oakland;
also bargain for $20U0, renting for $30 per month.
Central Oakland. W_ P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. '-}
I'VE BEKN TOLD SO, BUT WOULD LIKE TO
investigate for myself— A handsome 5-room,
high-basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry;
hard finished; very modern; tine lot, and all com-
plete for $950; terms 10 suit your earnings; choice
lots also can be hud for $75 and upward; streets
all graded; electric roads near and tine school-
house: Allendale Tract, In Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view unexcel.ed;
conveyance free. 469 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
J< >N ■ s, owner.
til* 7 "TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
tjPlu lots In the town of Filch burs: a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
t-;v minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLK, owner, UIOV3 Washington su,
Oakland, Cal. JgJKBK
16 1 Cf\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTBNHSIM IN
«3)ltJVf. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week ; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY owner. 902 Broad way. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA KifiAl. ESTATE.
L.EAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
1) aye., near Grand St.; house, 10 rooms and
bath : 2 years od: price $7000: or will exchange
for San Francisco. EASTON, ELDIUDGK COM-
PANY, 638 Market st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
© 1 «OC\ HOUSE OF 6 BOOMS; LOT 45x
<35 iUUU, 125; street work done: five minutes'
walk to station. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley
station. . •
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
r A HOUSES AND LOTS, FROM $200 TO
«JU $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere. '
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
l 7F S[ (\f\ BAN FRANCISCO FOR ALAMEDA
tjp IuWU. or Oakland ■ property. Address In-
vestment, box 85. Call Office.
OEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTKK & WHITTON. San Jose.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
~7~DVlcirFltElEr~DlV^
-Alalty : private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 860 Market St., corner Stockton st.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• icle building; advice free; lowfe a: all cases.
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
ix cessful. J. G. JEFFRf.BS, 632 Market, rm.^3.
ADVICKFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCO
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
BIARRIAGE LICENSES.
Th c following marriage . licenses have been
Issued by the County Cleric's office: .
John Gibbons and Marga'et Gardner, 34—28.
James McKenua and Mary Loughran, 24—21.
John H. Peacock and Roselena Fisher, 29—23.
Cyrus T. Sisson and Mary S. Hushes. -7—
Thomas F. Fennell and Mary we, 2 i— 33.
Thomas J. O' Kane and Annie Stnhr, 34—22.
J. E. McDermott and Mamie Turnbull. 18—19.
Lewis Balz and Caroline E. s. Hohne, 60— 89.
Michael McDonald and Kate Bpellman, 28-25.
Eble B. Ernes and Emily a Ohl, 23-24.
BMS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices seat by mall
will not be Inserted. . They muse be banded In a;
either of the publication office* and be indorsaU
with the name and resldenoe of persons aaihorizei
to have the same published. J
BOBS.
DYER— In this city, January 12, 1897, to the wife
of Joseph Dyer, a son,
SCHLICHTMANN— In this city, January 22,
1837. to the wife or G. H. Schllchtmann, a
daughter. • ... . .
_A.;iii— li. . "-
ESTES— OHL-In this city. January 28, 1897, by ]
Justice of the Peace Frank H. Kerrigan, Eble B.
1 Estes of San Francisco ' and ; Emily B. Ohl of
Wasboe, Nev.
FRITZ-DALEY— this city. January 25, 1897.
by Judge Barry, An tone . Fred Fritz of San
Francisco and Lillian Lona Daley of Oakland.
MILL \R— DOUGLAS— In this city, January 27.
1897, by the Rev. P, 8. Casey, George A. Millar
of Santa Rosa and Annie Douglas of San Fran- <
cisco. ; , -. ' ■ ■ ■'••■' .
WILLIAMS— O'BRIEN— In this city, January 27.
1897, at St. Mary's, Church, by the Rev. Father
; Wyman, George A. Williams and Agnes M.
, O'Brien, both of San Francisco.
_______ __
DIED.
Baumelster, John A. McD«rmott, Mike
Blake, Wiliam L. ■ McFaden, Daniel
Booth, John 7. . . Mani;aa t William
Breen, Mary J. ~ MarUn. Mrs. A. ,
Buckley, William J. Meyers, Edna J.
Buglianl, Florindo - Monzo, Frank
Corrigan. Mrs. E. . Nordhaassn.CbarlesC. •
'-. Cosgrave, Frances L. Normand, K. Victor
Crane, Richard O. - O'Keefe. Eddie
Caslck. John Paltenght Fanny
Dillon, Mary E. ■ Qalnn, James H.
7 Green,. Elizabeth ■ beheld, John
Hannigan, Nellie F, „ Sherman. < aro'lne L.
Ja-ger. .-arah . Thompson. Martha
Lanion, Carrie Wacicenreuder. Henry .
Levy, Hannah G. . W oil en burg, Kosa E.
BAUMEISTER— In thisclty, January 27. 1897.
John A., beloved husband uf Babette Baameis-
ter. and father of Charles and Edward Baumels-
| ter, a native of Baden, Germany, a^e 1 67 years
8 months an 17 days. A rremer of Germanic
Lodge No. 116, 1. O. U F. , Wildey Encampment
No. 23, I. O. O. F., an-1 Germania Stamm No.
83. U. O. R. M. '
j(S~ friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend :he funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 p. m,. from his late residence,
1123 Buchanan street, between Got ien - Gate
. avenue and Turk street, and thence to 1. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market street,
where funeral services will be held a. 'i o'clock
' r. m. interment i. O. O. _". Cemetery.
BLAKE— In this cltv, January 26, 1897, William
L., beloved husband of Catherine Blake, and
father of Herbert W. Blake, a native of New
York, aged 53 years. * .
tSf Friends and acauaintances are respect-
ful iy invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the ' hall
of Verb- ouena Lodge ; No. -4, A. O. U. W., AZ
O'Farreil street. Interment i. O. O. V. Ceme-
: tery. Remains .at the parlors of McAvoy A
Gallagher. .0 Fifth street. ■ .
BOOTH— In this city, January 28. 1897, entered
into eternal rest, at 623 East street, John
Thomas, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
John Booth, and brother of Mrs. Julius Casar
W. Oh ■!■, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 3 months and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tie funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the First
, United rresbyterlau Church, corner Polk street
1 and Golden Gate avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn ■; terv, via 3 :b0 o'clock p. m. tram from
Third am. Townsemt street. Remains at parlors
of Craig & Cocuran Co., 22 Mint avenue. .
BREEN— In ihN city, January' 27, l-> 97, Mary J.
Breen, a native 01 San Francisco, aged 3d years
9 months and 3 days.
BUCKLEY— In this city. January 26. 1897. Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved husband ot Mrs. Laura
. Buckley, and son of Augusta and the late Wil-
liam Buckley, and brother of Anson and Marie
Buckley and Mrs. Sarah . Boarman, a native of
Sum Francisco, aged 35 years.
Kf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful, y invited to attend the mneral THIS DaY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street. oetw?t»n Green and Union. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
BUGLIANI— this city, January 28, 1b97, Flor-
indo Bugllani, a native of Italy, a.ed 33 years
and 4 months.
CORRIG \N— ln this city. January 28. 1897, Mrs.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Thomas Cor-
riga.i. and mother of Frank and Thomas Paul
Corrigan and Mrs. John Heuney, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 81 years.
Jt9"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 :3 i) o'clock a. m.. from 22
Middte street, between Pine and California and
Webster and i ill more, thence to St. Domlaio's
Church, . Bush and Steiner streets, whore a
solemn requiem, mats will be celebrated for the
repose ot her s»ul, commencing at 10 o'clOCK
a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COSGRAVE— In Ocean View, January 27, 1897,
Frances Lillia i, beloved wife of Thomas P. Cos-
grave, and only child of J. E. and Rose Toz»r of
Madura, a native of Chicago, 111., aged 22 yean
8 months and 13 days. Battle Creek (Mich.)
papers please copy.J
J»3-The funeral will take placs Till* DVT
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from residence
of nenry C Tozer, 232 Montana street. Ocean
View. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CRANE— In Stockton, January 26. 1897, Richard
0.. beloved husband of Ma i da Crane, son of the
late Mr. and Mrs. Denis Crane, and brother of
Matthew, John D., Eugene and E. lie Crane and
Mrs. Charles Fisher, a native of bouora, aged 39
years.
CUs-ICK— In Oakland, January 28. 1897, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Cuslck, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 63 years.
49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, . 1744 Market street, thence to •Su
Franc s de sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. 11. 'inter-
ment St. .Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Please
omit flowers.
DILLON— In this city, January 28, 1897, Mary
F.lten beloved daughter ot Michael J. anJ Ellen
Dillon, and sister of Thomas and James Dillon,
a native 01 ban Francisco, aged 1 month and £
days.
GREEN-In this city, January 27, 1897, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of James Green, and sister of
Mrs. Margaret Heath and Mrs. Bosanna
Thomas, a native of County Longford, Ireland,
aged 70 years, f Santa Cruz Dapers please copy.]
&s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, la Memtt street, off Uattie, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, thence to Mission
Do.ores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose 01 her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANNIGAN-In thU city, January V! 8, 1897.
Nellie ranted, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
Eliza Hanaigan, and sister 01 None am Mamie
Hanntvau, aged 19 years 2 months and 6 days,
£9" Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
• fully Invited to attend tne tuu-ral TO «. ORtiOW
. (Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
ueme, 1435 Valencia street, theuce .0 Sumiri
Churuu, Twenty- third and Guerrero streets,
where a requiem hig 1 mas) will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. it. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JAEGER— this city. January 28, 1897, Sarah,
beloved* wife of Frederick W. Jaeger, a native of
Oiilo. aged 55 years 3 months and 15 days.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-.
fully invited to attend t>ie funeral TO-JIOUKOW
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the Golden, Gate Undertaking Co., 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral-iar from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets, at 1:30 o'clock
P. _
LAN DON— In North Berkeley, January 27. 1887.
Carrie, wueol Howard P. Lanaon and only
daughter of John O. and Martha Haascom. aged
. b years 8 on tin and 6 days.
*S"i'he funeral will tao place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the late -resi-
dence 01 the deceased, corner of Vine and Area
biredis. services private. No flowers.
LEVY— Brighton, England, December 28, 1896,
Hannah li., relict of the live George G. Levy of
Chicago, niece of Mrs. Hannah Jewell and Mrs.
Maria Cohen, and beloved aiSler of Mrs. Louisa
Brunswick, aged 60 years.
McDERMOTT— In -he City and Coanty Hospital.
January 28, 1897, Mike McDermott, aged 42
years. _
Me FAD EN— ln South San Francisco, January
27, 1897. Daniel, beloved hnsband of El.z_ Me-
>i,den, and father of Doaald, i.dwai.l. i;il!e,
Henrietta. Eliza and Jessie -VcFaden and Mrs.
W. Balzer. ana.iveof Canada, aged 00 years 5
months and 27 days, [Boston papers please
copy. 1
As"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend -he funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clocic p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, ibid Twenty-third avenue, South San
Francisco, and at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Hf-
teeath-avenue M. E. Church, where services will
be held, interment Cypress Lawn cemetery by
carriage,
MANGAN— In this city, January '.8, 1897, Wil-
liam, beloved : brother of lliotnay, James and
Michael Mangan and Mrs. 1). Carroll and Mrs.
Dan Quill, a native of the parish of 1 urbert.
County Kerry, Irelani, aged 46 ars.
&sT*No:iceur tuuerul aerate -r
MARTIN— In this city, Mrs. Alexander Martin,
loving wife of Alexander Martin, and beloved?
mother 01 Mabel ana .-tanley Jlariin, a native
of Philadelphia, aged 48 years.
MEYERS— Iu this city,. January 28,1837, Edna
Josephine, beloved and only daughter of Albert
and Nellie Meyers, and granJdau^mer of Pat-
rick and the laic Marie White, uuatlva of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 monins and 10 days.
MONZO— In Oakland, January 27, 1897, Frank
Mouzo, a native of Italy, aged 20 years. -
NORDHAUSEN— In this city, January 26, 1897,
Charles C, beloved huso»ud of i.uuHf Nord-
huuseu, and father of Oiga, Eisa, Carl and
• Fritz Nordhauseu, and son of Marie and the
late Adolf Norahausen, and brother of Mrs. G.
F. llees-mann. a native of Oldenburg, oermany,
! I Cbar.eston (S. C.) papers please copy.J
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inv.teJ to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1322 Adeline street, interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
NORMAND— E. Victor, beloved hnsband of Mrs.
Berence Normaud, and f<tiher or Ernest A.,
Emile H. and Alice B. Normand. a native «l
Pari<, France, aged 57 years and 10 month*
AST Notice oi funeral hereafter
O'Kt-EFE— In this city, January 28, 1897, Eddie,
beloved son of Jeremiah and Hannah O'Keefe.
and brother of Patrick, Thomas, en rtlo. Joe and
John O'Keafe, a native oi . San Francisco, aged d
years and 10 months.
PALTENGHI— In this city, January 27,1897.
Fanny Paltenghl, a native of Switzerland, agoU
69 years and 7 months.
QtJiNN— ln this city. January 28, 1897. at his
•residence, 1128 Valencia street, James ll-
beloved husband of the late Mary Quinn, a na-
tive or Nenagb, county Tlpperary, Ireland, aged
/ 61 years.
£3-Noticeof funeral hereafter.
SCHKLD— the Cltv and County Hospital, Jan-
uary 28, 1837. John Scheld, aged 52 years.
SHE i MAN— In Alameda, January 27. 1897,
Caroline L. shernittu, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 38 years.
THOMPSON— In this city, January 28, 1897.
Martha beloved wife of William Thompson, m
iiaiivf>oi Count* Armagh, Ireland.
- Friends and acquaintances are re-pect-
funy Invited to attend the funeral SUN DAY,
Janu >ry 31, at 12 o'clock m., from her late resi-
dence, 103 Clark street thence by creek boat
leaving foot of Market street at 1 o'clock p. _
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
Rest, loved one;
Painless be thy sleep.
Tnv wakening
Shall be joyful evermore.
WACKENBEUDKR— In this cltr, January 23,
18977 Henry, beloved son of Tomasa Wacken-
reuder, and brother of Mrs. M. Kraus.-, Er iest
Wackenreuder and Mrs. ho-a Behenke, a native
if bta Francisco, a;ed 33 years 1 month and IS
, days. ,. ' •■ SW.3*oßSsfcls~Js3BSBs3i6
WOLLENBURQ— In this city. January 28. 1897.
Rosa X.,' beloved daughter of Charles and Wll-
helmina Wolieuburg. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 6 yet>» and 23 days. ■•
j^-Friends and i acquaintances are respect-
full invited to a. lend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at li o'clock a. m., from the family
residence, 69 Converge street, off Bryant, be-
tweeu Eighth and Ninth. Interment LO. O. if.
Cemetery. ; ; ' > ■'- : - •'■*'■■•■ ' ' . '. .
' McAVOY A CAJ.LACHER, I
FONKRAL DIBECTORS * EMBALMKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. - Telephone 3080.
I*. L. GCNTZ. . H. W. GANTNEa
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and ; Embalmer*.
and 1O CITY HAEI. SQUABE.
Telephone South 433. . .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COCNTT: NEAREST C3MB.
tery to toe city ; non-sec tarUn; In noaeoMex.
elusive; location unttxceiled. Office Wit? Umj*^
•ireec aouiiieaai t oruei *>• «uUk w
1314
DEATH CAME
AT NIGHT
A. Loughborough Suddenly
Stricken Down by
Apoplexy.
IT CAME SWIFT AS A
BLOW.
He Had Not Been Ailing and
the Stroke Was Unex
pected.
A LAWYER W£LL KNOWN IN
THIS CITY.
He Wa> Born in Virginia, but Has
Practiced Here Since the
E rly Sixties.
A. H. Louehborough, who for years has
been one of the prominent ticure« of the
San Francisco bar, died suddenly last
night from a strobe of apoplexy.
He was at his residence, 1100 O'Farrell
street, and had retired some time before.
His wife, who was in an adjoining room,
heard him breathing heavily, and on goin>;
in to see what was the matter sue found
her husband lying on his back, his face
almost purple, and giving every sign of
that dread disease, apoplexy.
She called her son George and he was
at once sent for Dr. Kobinson. He re
turned with the physician within a few
minute-, but in the meantime the attor
ney bad died.
Mr. Loughborough had not been ailing,
in fact he has been enjoying unusually
good health for some time past, and his
sudden end came heavy and swiit as a
blow unon his family.
A. H. Loughborongh was 62 years of
age. He was born in Warren ton, Va.,
October 17, 1834. and came to this State in
IS6I. lie has been practicing law in this
City for a great many years and his name
figures on either one side or the other of
the biggest actions that have appeared in
the courts of California.
He went into partnership with Julius
George on his arrival in this Stale, but
that partnership was dissolved two years
later, when he returned to West Virginia,
to Wheeling, to be married.
After bis marriage he removed to Balti
more, Md., where he practiced law for
four years. Then ne returned to this City
and resumed his practice here.
He was a hard student and he gave to
his cases the greatest care and attention.
He was a good court lawyer, but of late
years his business has not been so much
in court as in his office. He was known
to be particularly good in probate cases
and his probate business was in conse
quence very large.
He leaves a widow and three children,
Alexander Jr., George and Fanny Lough
borough. _^____^________
FISHER'S EXPLANATION.
His Absence Due to I Iness and
Not to a Wish to Defraud
Creditors.
Papers Served Upon Him Yesterday
in the Fair Estate and Divorce
Proceedings.
Will E. Fisher, the real estate agent
whose business and domestic difficulties
have furnished much food lor discussion
and speculation of late, yesterday re
turned to thi9 City and visited his
office, 14 Post street, and early in the day
accepted service of papers in re the Fair
estate claim for office rent and the divorce
proceedings instituted by his wife.
He was seen during the afternoon by a
Call reporter, to whom he made the fol
lowing verbal statement and explanation
of his actions since the date of his disap
pearance:
"A great many things have been said
and undoubtedly many of them have
been exaggerated. I regret sincerely that
illness compelled my departure, out pos
sibly in the long run it maybe for tne
best. For two years and a half I have car
ried a load upon my shoulders. It was
bound to become too weighty, and the
end came as 1 anticipated. My pride pre
vented me from going into insolvency.
When my former partner. Henry A.
Smith, endeavored to influence me to do
that I refused to do so, and he went into
insolvency himself. Most of the firm's
debts were contracted during the period
of the copartnership between us.
"A great many published statements
have been made regarding my wife — to me
the dearest woman on earth. She has
kindly come forward on two occasions and
assisted me. Once she indorsed notes to
. KEW 10-DAT.
FOR
SKIN-TORTURED.
BABIES
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
with Cuticura Soap, and a single application
of Cuticuba (ointment), the great skin cure.
ConctTKA Remedies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
Bold thTOOCliootths world. Pott«b aitd Cr m*.
Co«p., Sole Prop*., Boiton. ■ _ ■-- „-_
"How to Cure Tortured BabiM, "fre«.
n|/||l ppfll D and Hair Beautified by
OMN OUftlr CTJTICL'RA soap.
|/inyrU Uterine pains, weak backs,
IV I U II EL I BOro longs,* aching muscles,
and rheumatism rel ie ved quick
PA INC as aD electric flash by Collln« f
• Ml 110 Voltaic Electric Plaster*.
the extent of $13,000 and the last time
gave me $5000.
"Had I gone into insolvency when Mr.
Smith did I shonld only have bad to pay
mv proportion of the liabilities, which
would have been a very small sum. My
indebtedness to my wife has been greatly
exaggerated, as also that of the firm,
"With respect to the divorce proceed
ings against me I have only to say that I
reeret the fact exceedingly. I Jove my
wife. But I have no desire to discuss my
private and family affairs, which concern
only myself and wife and in which the
public is not interested. However, I de
plore the position she has taken in tiiis
matter and am forced to ascribe it to cer
tain influences antagonistic to myself
which have been brought to bear upon
her.
"Another source of profound regret is
my departure from San Francisco. 1 did
not leave the City with the intention of
running away. The truth is I have been
sick for a period of seven weeks with the
grippe, under the caro of Dr. Bushnell,
and liave been in no position to present
myself before creditors, attorneys and
others. So I placed the whoie matt rin
the hands of my lawyer, C. H. Shurtl ff,
and left for Stockton to meet my old
friend, Joe Nye. Alter reaching Stockton
I was seized with nervous prostration and
constrain d to occuty my room for six
days. On being shown ths papers whicii,
in many item?, publicly branded me as a
criminal I determined to return, face the
music and be ready for all comers."
Mr. Fislier spoke of his business mis
fortunes, which he attributed to misfor
tune. "1 could not make a success of the
real estate business," said he. "No mat
ter how hard I tried, with debts hanging
over me, and realizing that everything I
made was for the purpose of paying off a
dead horse. It is not my purpose to be
dishonest and I have come back to San
Francisco to stand by my creditors and, if
they will have conriience in me, I think
that I can bring them out all right. Other
men have failed in this and other busi
nesses. My misfortune was due to delay
in bringing my creditors together. I be
lieve 1 am thorougly competent in the
real estate busines?; there are few in it
to-day who have remained in it as long
as I.
"I have accepted papers of service in the
suit of the F«ir estate and the divorce
proceeding instituted by my wife."
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE
Its Seventeenth Annual Con
vention Was Held
Yesterday.
New 0 ficers E ected— Yearly Reports
Encouragirg — Concluded With
a Barquet.
The seventeenth annual convention of
St. Patrick's Alliance of America was held
vesierday in ti:e Knights of the Red
Branch Hall, on Mason and O'Farrell
streets. The alliance is a purely bene
ficiary nou-sectarlarn organization and
the membership in the United States
numbers into the thousands. In the
California jurisdiction there are over 1200
members.
After an examination by the committee
on credentials the following delegates
were seated:
Oakland Alliance No. 5— T. J. Desmond, O.
F. Rooney, P. J. Brophy. P. J. Ryan.
Port Costa Alliance No. 7— D. O'Connell, H.
Boyle.
Excelsior Allianoe No. 11— Michael Dolan,
H. J. Cavney, Dr. A. A. Maguire.
Pacific Alliance No. 12— W. J. Fiizgerald, W.
J. Hayes.
Unity Alliance No. 14— P. J. D. Mullanev,
John Hennessey, F. P. Hunt, P. Dolan, J. J.
Flynn, M. J. O'Connor, William Mulvin.
Harmony Alliance No. 15— John M. Kirby,
Charles O'Brieii, Thomas McKeon, John Mur
phy, John Ganey.
Union Alliance No. 16— B. F. Connolly, W.
V. Harrington.
The reports of the alliance of this juris
diction for the past year were very satis
factory. Its funds amount to between
$10,000 and $12,000, an increase of $1500 in
the past twelve months. There has been
but little sick-ne-s among the alliance
members and but four deaths were re
ported.
The following officers for the ensuing
year were elected and installed:
State president, O. F. Rooney; State vice
president, William Mulvin; Stme secretary,
F. P. Hunt; State treasurer, Charles O'Brien ;
State trustees— John Ganey, P. J. BrOphy, B.
T. Connolly, M. Dolan and J. .1. Flynn.
The new president, O. P. Rooney, was
elected as delegate to the National conven
tion that is to be held in February in some
city in the East. The time and place of
this gathering bas not yet been selected.
At the conclusion of the business the
body adjourned to the banquet hall, where
there were spread such good things as
would best tempt the appetites of the
banqueter?. The banquet committee con
sisted of John Ganey, chairman; Peter
Tatuonv, secretary; J. Hennessey, J. J.
Dunn, F. J. O'Brien and J. Burns.
John Ganey presided and speeches were
made by 0. F. Roonev, Charles O'Brien,
P. J. Ryan, Thomas McKeon, J. J. *'lynn,
D. L. Callaghan, P. Tamony and others.
The banquet lasted until a late hour and
all enjoyed the occasion most heartily.
In addition to the names of delegates
already given the following gentlemen
were among those present at the table: J.
J. Donovan, Dr. T. F. Brennan, J. J. Mc-
Auliff, T. Doolin, J. W. Reilly, Dr. T. L.
Manoney, D. L. Callaghan, Dr. J. F.
O'Brien, A. Meehan, J. J. Donegan and
E. J. Bmith.
CARNIVAL TAKING SHAPE.
Meeting of the Cycle Board of Trade.
Odd Fellows to Convene.
The inclement weather militated against
the attendance at the meeting of the
Cycle Board of Trade called for last nieut
to discuss the various features for "Bicy
cle day" during Carnival week. No at
tempt was made to organize the bicycle
division, but a general discussion of the
features that wouia attract the most at
tention was held. Secretary Hamilton
reported that all the members of his or
ganization were thoroughly in eccord
with the proposition and would render all
the assistance possible to make it a grand
success. The matter of bringing out a
number of crack Eastern riders 10 partici
pate in the various races and the possibil-
ity of securing the opening of the National
circuit on that day was discussed. After
some talk over the various features it was
decided io call another meeting for next
Thursday uighl at the assembly-rooms of
the California Hotel.
A letter was received at Carnival head
quarters from the Los Angeles fiesta com
mittee thanking the local committee for
postponing the carnival until the week
following theirs. The Los An^e'es people
have very generously offered to advertise
the fact that San Francisco's festival will
follow theirs and promise to render every
assistance in their power. One significant
fact contained in the letter was that over
2000 letters of inquiry regarding Southern
California were received in the two
months preceding the fiesta held last
spring in Los Angeles.
General Wartield, Carnival Director
Friedlander and Messrs. Boldeman, Fisher
and Hess w*»re appointed a committee to
attend the OJd Fellows' carnival conven
tion, to be held at Fraternal Hall, Odd
Fellows' building, next Saturday evening.
The grand officers of the Odd Fellows an
ticipate having present a representative
from every lodg», canton, encampment
and Rebekah degree that night.
Retail Grucert' Picnic.
The twenty-sixth anniversary picnic of the
Retail Grocers' Protective Cnion will be held
at Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael, Sunday,
Jane 6. The committee of arrangements
promises to spare no efforts and money to
make this the picnic of the season.
Jewelry store. 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1897.
NO OPEN SEASON
FOR FEMALE SEALS
Professor Jordan Makes
Some Important Rec
ommendations.
If the Herds Are to Bs Pre
served They Must Be
Well Cared For.
Considers the Proposition to Destroy
Seal Herds as Nothing Less
Than Monstrous.
Professor David Starr Jordan has pre
pared and sent to Secretary Carlisle a re
port of his observations on the fur seals of
Bering Sea, made by him last summer, in
accordance with a Congressional resolu
tion. The report is given as merely.pre
liminary, indicating that it may be elabo
rated upon later, but it deals quite iully
with the practical matters involved in the
preservation of the fur seal.
Any approach to a census of the fur seal
would have been impossible before the
present depleted condition of the rook
eries was reached, and an accurate census
now is almost an impossibility says the
report, but an attempt -was made at count
ing on the rookeries. Some 5000 harems
were numbered, with 81,793 cows, making
a total of 143,071.
The report says further:
The changes in the breeding herd from year
to year lie in the following elements :
1. The addition of the three-year-old females
who bear their first pups.
2. The loss of females killed at sea in the pre
vious fail, those killed in the spring, those
killed by the bulls and those destroyed by nat
ural causes. Keeping these elements in mind
we may attempt a comparison between the
breeding heids or 1895 and those oi 18UU.
In 1896 30,000 Killab c males were taken,
22,000 of these, to the bust of our information,
being three-year-olds. Some 2000 or 3000
more of these are. left, while neariy as many
more were killed in 1895 as "ione" two-year
olds. Of male pups born in 1893, therefore,
about 26,000 survived until they becaiuo till
able. As many three-year old leinales entered
the rookeries to bear their first pups in 1896.
These numbers represent something less than
a third of tfje pups born in 1893.
A tabulation of the gaius and losses from
1895 to 1896 would run as follows:
Gains— Three-year-ola females bearing their
first, pup (about) 26,000
Loss— Females killed at sea, August, 1895
(about) '23,000
Females killed at sea, April, 1896 (about). . 8,000
Females shot at sea and lo.it. unre corded
(about) 6,000
Females killed by bulls, 1896 130
Females lost at sea by natural causes, un
recorded (about) 10,000
Total 46.130
Estimated net loss for 1896, 12i/fe per ceot
of total breeding cows 20 130
Pelagic sealing In Bering Sea in August is in
the highest degree destructive to the herd. If
considered as an industry it is a suicidal one,
as it can be profitably continued only under
conditions which must bring it to a speedy
end. Pelagic sealing is therefore not properly
an industry at all, as it adds nothing to the
wealth of the world. Since il began more than
600,000 fur seals bave been taken in the North
Pacific and in Bering Sea. This means the
death of not less than 400,000 breeding fe
males, the starvation oi 300,000 pups, and the
destruction of 400,000 pups still unborn. In
this calculation account is taken only of those
oi which the skins have been brought to mar
ket. No record of the animals lost after being
shot .or speared is available, though the num
ber is known to be very great.
Pelagic sealing, in the j udgment of the mem
bers of the present commission, has been the
sole cause of the continued decline of the lur
seal herds. It is at present the sole obstacle
to their restoration and the sole limit to their
indefinite increase. It is thcreiore evident
that no settlement of the fur-sea! question as
regards either the American or trio Russian
inlands can be permanent unless it shall pro
vide for the cessation of the indiscriminate
killing of fur seals, both on thp feeding
grounds and on tneir migiations. There can
MADAME LASSAUGUE.
Mme. Lassaugue, a well-known singer and professor of singing in Paris and
London, has just arrived in this City with ihe intention of settling here. She is
the daughter of the late James Berry Greening, for twenty-three years editor of
the London Punch, and in her childhood she was brought in contact with some of
the brightest literary and musical people of the time. Among the other visitors
to the home of James Berry Greening was the famous singer Titiens, and when
Miss Greening was a very young girl, Titiens, who had heard her sing, and was
charmed with her voice, persuaded the editor of Punch to let her daughter study
seriously for the concert and operatic stage. She went to the Paris Conservatory,
where she graduated as a laureate, and directly after made her debut on the Lon-
don concert stage wicn great success. Miss Greening was also a great favorite in
Paris, where she sans frequently in opera, her repertoire including such works as
"La Sonnambula," Gounod's "Mirella," etc One o' her most successful roles was
that of Marguerite of Valo : .s in the "Huguenots." Mme. Greening Lassaugue
has sung more than once in America, always with success. Some years ago she
was persuaded to settle for a timo In Los Angeles, where leading business men in-
duced her to found a college of music, for which they guaranteed a substantial
fund. After remaining in Los Angeles for four years she returned to Europe, but
bas now come back to California to stay.
be no "open season" for the killing of females
if the heard is to be kept intact.
Continuous investigation is recommended.
The herd should oe treated as a breeding herd
of cattle or horses would be. It should be un
der the immediate control each summer of a
competent naturalist, who shonld devote his
energies to the study of the needs of the herd,
its preservation, increase and possible im
provement
Deprecating reference is made to the
traps set for seals and to the great mortal
ity of pupa from starvation, resulting from
the death of their mothers.
Much important information is eiven
concerning the habits of the seal bearine
upon the perpetuation of tho herds, and
in concluding Professor Jordan says:
I may here express my feeling that the
monstrous proposition to destroy the senl herd
because it has been injured by pelagic sealing
ought uot to be considered for a moment. It
would be a confession of impotence uuworthy
of a great ana civilized Nation. Its result
would be to transier 10 ourselves any odium
which has deservedly fallen upon those who
would recklessly destroy a most useful and a
most interesting race oi animals.
If extreme action be thought necessary the
safe and effective method of branding the
female pups could be tried. But this ought
uever to become necessary.
A NICHT WI' BURNS.
The Anniversary of the Birth of the Poet
Will Be Observed by fet. Andrew's
t ociety.
The one hundred and thirty-eighth
Burns anniversary social will be given this
evening by the St. Andrew's Society in
Scottish Hall. The following very inter
esting programme will be presented:
Overture, "The Cotter's Saturday Night,"
Fairgreive's Orchestra; introductory remarks,
President Andrew Wllkie; stereopticon views
—Robert Burnr,, Robert Burns' ~ Birthplace;
address on Burns, Robert B. Scott; song,
"There Was a Lad Was Born in Kyle," Andrew
McNair; Burns' cottage, Interior Burns' Cot
tage, the Auld Brip 6' Doon, the Banks and
Braes o' Bonnie Doon; quartet, "Bonnie
Doon." Misses Lane and Keeue, Messrs. Gielow
and Dinau ; the Auld tsrifj or Ayr, the New
Brig o' Ayr, the Twr Brigs o'Ayr, Turn O'Shau
ter and Souter Jonnie, Tarn O'Shanter's
Inn at Ayr, Alloway Kirk as It Is To
day, Alloway Kirk on the Nigh to' Tarn's Ride;
recitation, "Turn O'Snanler," W. C. Cook;
song, "Afton Water," Frank Coflin; cornet,
solo, "Stirling Bridge," Miss Pearl Noble; The
auld briz o' Forth at Stirling; John Anderson,
my Jo; Trio, (a) "John Anderson, My Jo," (b)
"My Love Is Like a Bed, Ked Rose," Misses
Pearl and Maud Noble, Mildred Amidon Clark;
Burns in the held; The auld farmer's New
Year greeting to his auld mare Matrgie: High
land Mary; Highland Mary's grave; Come
under my plaidie; song, "A Highland Lad My
Love Was Bom," Miss Edythe Henderson;
song, "A Man's a Man's for a' That," Robert
Lloyd; song, "Coinin' Thro' tne Rye," Mrs. J.
W. Madden; Burns' monumental Edinburgh;
Burns' monument at Alloway ; Burns' mauso
leum at Dumfries: Burns' portrait.
SUES THE SHEEIfF.
That Officer Sold Mortgaged Property
and is Agked to Pay tbe Mortgage.
Wing & Hornblower, attorneys for Ce
line Anderson, have brought suit for
their client to recover $500 and interest
on a mortgage held by her on the iurni
ture of the Hichelieu Restaurant, 118 Ellis
street, which was sold by the Sheriff
under an execution issued at the suit of
E. Mv Ratto against L. Berge and his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Berge conducted a French
restaurant on Ellis street, and last No
vember executed a chattel mortgage to
Mrs. Anderson for $500, money advanced
by her to them for fatting up and running
the place.
The Berges gave a note, secured by a
mortgage on the furniture, for the amount
of iheir indebtedness on November 11,
1896, recording it on that day. Later they
became involved and certain creditors as
signing their claims to E. M. Ratto, he
attached their furniture and obtaining
judgment directed the Sheriff to sell the
same.
The attorneys for Mrs. Anderson claim
that before the Sheriff can seize by at
tachment or execution any personal prop
erty mortgaged, he must pay the mort
gagee the amount of the mortgage debt.
Fell Into the Basement.
O. B. Haines, miner and horseman, fell from
the first floor to the basement of the new
building on Geary and Stockton streets yester
day morning and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Hartley found that he had
escaped with a contused hip and elbow.
Christian Workerg.
Bishop and Mrs. Newman left for the south
ern part of the State Wednesday, whence they
will go to the Inaugurntion at AVashineton, as
the Bishop is a personal friend of the new
President. The Newmans are not expected
back till the spring.
FOUND THE WILL
OF A RICH ESTATE
Louis F. Reichling Left All
His Property to
Cousins.
Owned a Large Interest in the
Famous Kennedy Mining
Company.
Possessed Other Property and Lately
Fell Heir to a Third of His
Father's Estate.
On Wednesday last Albert H. Reichling,
brother of the late Louis F. Reichling,
filed a petition for special letters of ad
ministration on his estate, through
Adams <fc Adams, his attDrneys. The
following morning the will was discov
ered. It was found to leave $10,000 to
Cornelia Theurkauf, a cousin of the de
ceased, who lives in Cincinnati. His
mineral cabinet waa bequeathed to the
California Academy of Sciences, and all
the remainder of his property, including
his one-third Interest in tne estate of
Francis Reichling, his father, who died
only a short time before him, was be
queathed to his cousin, Miss Lillie Theur
kauf.
George Goodman, a director of the
Kennedy Mining and Milling Company
and manufacturer of artificial stone, and
Lillie Tiieurkauf are made the executors
of tne wm without bonds.
Ex- Superior Judge J. F. Davis of Jack
son, who represents both executors, im
mediately filed the will here yesterday
aiternoon for probate. He also filed a
petition for special letters of administra
tion in behalf of Mr. Goodman, tbe
executor. The estate is a large one, as all
persons who were acquainted. with Albert
Reichiing and his interests will be aware.
He was a heavy owner in the rich Ken
nedy mine, of which he was secretary.
He also owned large interests in other
mines, besides other property. It would
not be surprising if the estate turned out
to be worth $100,000 or more.
Louis F. Reichiing died »% a sanitarium,
here only a lew days ago. lie lived for a
lone time at the Palace lloit..
In view of the discovery of the will yes
terday and tbe steps that had been taken,
Superior Judge Slack, in whose depart
ment the estate is to be heard, set the
hearing for both petitions for to-day at 11
o'clock.
The following is the will:
Know all men, by these presents, that I,
Louis F. Reichiing, of the city of Oakland and
State of California, being of .sound and dis
posing mind and memory, and not acting un
der duress, menace, fraud, or undue influence,
publish and declare this as and to be my last
will and testament, in manner and following,
that is to say:
First— l hereby revoke all other wills by me
at any time heretofore made.
Second— l give, devise and and bequeath to
my cousin, Miss Cornelia Theurkauf, of Cin
cinnati, Ohio, ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
Third— l give, devise and bequeath to the
California Academy of Sciences all of my col
lection of minerals, including my gold speci
mens.
Fourth— l give, devise and bequeath all the
rest, residue and remainder of my property,
real, personal and mixed, in whatever place
situated, of which 1 may die seized or pos
sessed (including my interest and share in the
estate of Francis Reichiing, deceased) to my
cousin, Miss Lillie H. Theurkauf of the city of
New York, State of New York.
Fifth— l hereby nominate and appoint my
frieud, George Goodman of the city of' Oakland,
county of Alnme'la, State of California, and
my cousin, Lillie H. Theurkauf ot the city of
New York, State of New York, the executor and
executrix of this, my last will and testament,
and I order and direct that no bond or othT
undertaking be required of them for the falth
tul discharge of their duties as such executor
and executrix.
Sixth— l hereby order and direct that my
said executor and executrix shall not be re
quired to file any inventory or any appraise
ment of the estate in any court, if they or
either of them so desire.
Seventh— l further order and direct that my '
executor and executrix shall have the right", |
in their discretion and without the order or j
direction of any court or judge, to sell and |
dispose of such of the properly of the estate as j
to them may seem proper and best.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my |
hand and Real, this twenty-seventh day of j
June, one thousand eight hundred and |
ninety-six. Louis F. Reichling.
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL.
It Will Absorb the Membership of Ber- j
mingham Council, Young Men's
Institute, No. 59.
Despite the very inclement weather last ;
night there was a large attendance at the
prelim inaiy meeting held in the basement
of St. Mary's Cathedral, for the purpose
of taking steps to institute the new coun- '
cil of the Young Men's Institute in the
cathedral parish. j
The meeting was presided over by the j
Rev. Father Dempsey, and the only busi- '
ness transacted was the reception of the j
applications of those who wish to become
members of the council.
This council will be called Cathedral
Council and will have the members now
held by Bermingham Council No. 59. This
last-named council was not numerically
as strong as it was thought it ought to be, j
and it was suggested that it be merged i
into the new council that was being or- j
ganized in the Cathedral parish. - The
suggestion was accepted and steps were ■
then taken to perfect arrangements for
the consolidation. . .■ .' ■
At a future meeting those whose appli
cations have been favorably passed upon
will be organized, then initiations, insti
tution and election of officers will follow.
The expectation is that the new council
will have about 100 members.
* * — •
They are peers iv their profession— binding;
or printing. The Mysell-Rollins Co., 22 Clay.*
•''» ♦ » ' ;
Fined One Hundred Dollars.
I. J. Solomon, a butcher on San Bruno road,
was yesterday fined $100 by Judge Low for
violating the health ordinance. Solomon was
the owner of a diseased cow, which he gave to
Herman Vogel, a neighboring butcher, to kill.
Voßel was arrested and • was fined $100 by
Judge Conlan. In court he pleaded as an ex
cuse that he had killed the cow for Solomon,
which led to Solomon's arrest.
KEW TO-DAT."
THEY'LL
DRIVE
A whole lot of the 10c sort to
adopt a higher degree of excel-
lence, or else retire in favor of
JACKSON
I SQUARE |
SC=CIGAR=5 C =CIGAR=5 C
STRICTLY CUBAN HAND MADE.
All Dealers.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
300 and 302 BATTERY ST.
XTXCr TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
g INCORPOJUTfft *
| 937=945 iVlarket Street |
j^- . — — •sn^w^v'K • — « »
£ We sympathize with the little boy who 3
H bit his thumb "just because it felt so good 3
§= when he stopped." These specials hurt. The 3
5: jobs sting sometimes. But our joy comes 3
£= with the crowds that flock here to buy. 3
i BLEACHED PILLOWCASE MUSLIN. 3
54 inches or 6-4 wide. The 12>^c kind to-day at 13
§! lOc Yard. 1
[^ TO-DAY ONLY.- :=•
I MOTTLED GLASS VASES. |
S^ A very special lot. To-day only in the Bazaar, =^S
E 25c Each. 3
ZZ. NONE SOLD APTBR TO-DAY, 13 \
I GENTS' FINE LAUNDERED SHIRTS i
- The $1.25 Jot is slightly soiled. Made a special for to-day only at — %'■
g 69c Each. 3
1 SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON. 1
5— Nos. 9, 12 and 16. Almost any color. To-day on the tables at
i 7c Yard, i
JJ^3 Not more than 5 yards to each customer. *"g
| ONE OF OUR DRESS GOODS VALUES. i
j^ A 37-incn Fancy Mixed Suiting, a 40c all-wool fabric, we are now
•^ selling at .'. — •
E 225 c Yard. |
i GLOVES. I
ZZZ We guarantee all Gloves from $1 cleaned 3
and mended free. Ask to see our ••Jouvin" for 3
SI ladies — our dollar Clasp or our ••Alice." We make 13
SI a specialty of "good wearable gloves." A bunch 13
m of satisfaction with every pair. f3l
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
g STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
SHOES n^ SHOES
FOR ]]]{ FOR
WEAR EASE
GOOD SHOES CHEAP
We don't propose to be Doubly Block-
aded and remain quiet and say nothing
about It. Thai's not our style. We pro-
pose to do business despite that blockade,'
and when we have an exceptionally good
shoe to sell cheap we want you to know '
about it. Call and examine our blockade
prices, and if you are not satisfied don't,
buy. This week a s;reat special drive.
Ladies' Extra Fine Vici Kid Bui ton Shoes,
with square toes and V-shaped patent-
leather tips, straight vamps and full hand-
sewed welts. No tack's, no nails, no threads
to hurt the feet, and manufactured by D.
M. Houeh <fc Co., Roches.er, N.V. Special
price for this week
&2t. 00.
Regular price *4.
Children's Spring Heel Vie! Kid Button
Shoes, with plain toes and band-turned
soles, sizes 4 to 7 y L ., reduced to
SO Cents.
C hildren's Solid Heel Grain Button Shoes,
with or without tips. Guaranteed lor wear.
Sizes 7 to 10. need to
SO Cents.
Misses' Fine uongola Kid Button Shoes,
made by Laird. Schober .Mitchell. 1 lain
toes, spring heels. Sizes liy 9 , 12, 1123/.,
1, iy 2 , '2. An extra fine wearing shoe and
a neat fitter. Reduced from $3 to
• SI.OO.
tRT Country orders solicited.
t&T Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third St.. San Francisco.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
II CA T Properly prepared and
\yir\r\ I ..- Promptly served, can
*» x * -i< *■■*— always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T""\ AT A /M <
Most Popular KA I A I H
Dining Apart- ■*■ AL/AVjLi
men in town. m. 1 . j. rKT^n M»r n j. „„ ., ,^-.- ■» .„ i_- a
OOOOOOOOOOOQ-O
4 dr. vmenow's
$Pp||S|c BiE€ ffclC BELT,
X^^^WrW^^J By 50 per cent tbe best
c f^j^^^Stl^^W Belt made. Has cured
' "'li^P^' more people than all
Isjrv other belts' combined.
ifjd ■■■ You misht as well
* v*u * have the best, as it
costs no more. Call or address
THE YIRCHOW KIECTRtCCO, 100 Stos klon St., SF
COSMOPOLiIT
Opposite U. s. Mint, 100 and 102 Klfth St., San
Francisco, — The most select famllv hotel In
the city. Board aud room f1,»1 25 and $1 50 per
day, accord! to room. Meals 25c. Kounn 5Uj
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the howl.
Look for th« coach bearing tliu name of the Cos-
mopolitan .lioteL WAI. !• AliiiY, Proprietor. 1
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Chari.es H. -raiLLli'S. atioj-.nkv-vt-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market s  oppo-
site Palace Hotel." Telephone 570. Residence lt>"'o
I'ell street. Telephone " I'ine " 2591.
ii GREAT |
i % C \^ i
! ; OP THE AGE !
11 . V HI I
' ' Which is an external and Internal 9
Z remedy without an equal. X
f HOT I m PREPARATION, BDT ONE f
! THAT HAS STOOD THE TtST OF OVER I
I A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. I
X
I Thousands of persons all §
; ; over the United States ; ;
;; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ; ;
| ; tin's Pain Curer and are ; ;
J ; never without it. '
§' , I
0 I I
* • The Cnrer It free from all injurious 1 >
| | and poisonous properties, and is en- ( '
4 1 tirely vegetable in its composition. It j
< • tones up and strengthens the system, 4 ■
| [ purifies the blood, expels bad matter ' '
4 1 from. the organs of the body generally, j
'j 1 promotes digestion, regulates the appe- < ■
\ , tite and secures a healthy state of the ' '
4 1 system and its various functions. Taken 4 ,
' | occasionally as a preventive of disease, ' <
| ; it keeps the mind cheerful and happy [ [
4 1 by promoting healthful action of the ( |
* ' skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, . < •
' [ bowels, lb^er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, ] [
4 1 spinal coWlmn, and the whole nervous < |
1 ' system. It is also especially always < ■
5 WOMAN' 3 FRIEND, and is unequaied J '
I! FORTHE PREVENTION i!
I I -OF- I I
J \ Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains In J j
4 1 General, Bowel Complaints, Djrs- 4
I I pepiia. Dysentery, Cholera Mot- < I
I \ bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, ] j
< i Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nertoni .1 >
' ' Complaints^ Disease mt the Stoin- { I
I I ach and Bowels Generally, Liver \ J
4 1 Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < .
'I Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, ' '
I 1 Local and General Debility, Bead- , t
< ' ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- ■ •
' , ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, ' '
4 1 Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Fleers, { 1
4 ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises,' «
) ' Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- J
4 J digestion, Skin Diseases, .Exec*- < 1
* ' tive Itchings and many other < •
* . complaints too numerous to name (
* here. In a word, the great Pain 4 1
' ' Curer of the Age is an unequaled < '
, , family remedy. , ,
* ; Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, « 1
a L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for Z
A the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CM
$ For sale by all . druggists. The trade %
supplied by Redington & Co., Mack a
* & Co. and Langley & Michaels. Ban ft
m Francisco. a
S«« ••••♦•♦•♦»♦«♦•♦•♦•♦••♦*
' / ??S^| l ?ilE^((i»iX'sfrs£iS;<^^i
ii "patents! :)
MARKET Sls!fNim^
Weak Men and Women
rjHOTTLTJ IM-. DAM I ANA BITTEKS.THK
O great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Strength to the sexual Organs.