VOLUME LXXXI.-W 152.
MAY ATTEMPT
TO YET GAIN
THE VICTORY
Greece 1 s New Ministry Ready
to Take Desperate
Chances.
ONE MORE GREAT BATTLE MUST
NOW BE FOUGHT.
Belief in Diplomatic Circles That Efforts
Will Be Made to Induce the Powers to
Intervene Without Greece's
Solicitation.
Copyright 1897 by the >"etr York Sun
LONDON, ENG., April 30. — It is rashly assumed in many parts of
Europe that the war is virtually finished. It is altogether premature to
indulge in such hopes until the result of the political crisis in Athens is
fully assured. The new Ministry cannot openly advocate a policy of
surrender, even if it believes the struggle against the Turkish army is
hopeless. The opposition has been from the first more warlike in
spirit than that displayed by the Ministers.
The latest dispatches from Athens indicate that Prime Minister
Ralli and his followers will continue to accuse the Greek commanders
of cowardice and stupidity, and to affirm that the Greek troops will be
able to retrieve the country's fortunes if properly led. The only thing
that can be expected therefore is a further attempt to snatch victory
from defeat. It is a desperate chance. Even those who are most
friendly to the Greeks do not expect them to succeed.
In view of this situation there is a belief in certain diplomatic
circles that strong efforts will be made to induce the powers to interfere
withcut the open solicitation of Greece, but under a secret understand-
;ng with the Greek Government that aIJ reasonable con' J ition c , such as
the withdrawal of the Greek troops from Crete, will be complied with.
To-day's advance of the Turkish forces seems to make at least one
more severe engagement inevitable. Telegrams from Athens to-day
show that the new Prime Minister is the idol of the populace for the
moment. It is possible that a Greek defeat at Pharsala and the conse-
quent peril of the capital would enable the Ministry to gain the coun
try's consent to submission to the powers.
Meantime it is fondly believed in most European capitals that the
agreement of the Czar and the Austrian Emperor made at St. Peters
burg is a practical guarantee of the peace of Europe against all dangers.
This agreement is interpreted in Vienna as the beginning of the end of
the triple alliance and significant of a new grouping of the powers. It
is plainly intimated that no obstacle remains to Russian occupation of
Constantinople when the Czar chooses. It is assumed that British
opposition will be futile, considering the strength of the combination
against Salisbury. It should be borne in mind, however, that the
position of France and Italy is by no means assured on the side of the
three Emperors. The friends of Salisbury, who welcomed him on his
return from the Riviera, are disturbed by the fact that his health did not
improve during his stay abroad.
GREEKS LOSE VOLO.
Turkish Cavalry Tak* Possession
of the Place Without a Shot
Bsine Fired.
TRIKKALA, Thessaly. April 30.— The
Turkish army under Edheni Pasha con
, gists of two divisions, one of which has ad
/ vanced upon Volo and the other to the
4 pain of Pharsala, where a great battle is
\ imminent.
CON STANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 30.—
It is announced officially that the Turkish
troops have occupied Trikkala without
firing a shot, and have expelled the Greeks
from Pentepigadia in Epirus. Turkish
cavalry have occupied Volo.
LONDON, Eng., April 30. —The Morning
Post's Larissa correspondent Fays the
Turks entered Volo Wednesday without
organized resistance.
A Larissa dispatch to the Times says
Volo surrendered April 26. All the war
maieri..l was captured. Cavalry was poited
in thß environs awaiting the infan;ry
before making an effective occupation.
In an interview with tne corresDontlent
of the Standard the new Minister ot
Foreign Affairs says he is examinin • the
situation with th- utmost care. If con
vinced the struggle could be continued
with a reasonable prospect of retrieving
national honor the Government would
prosecute the war with unabated energy.
Oilierwise the Government would cer
tainly refuse to bnn^ fresh disasters upon
the country by persisting in a foolhardy
war. He assured the correspondent that
no communication had been received from
the powers relative to the abandonment
of Crete on condition tnat autonomy for
the island wou;d De cuarauteed and the
frontier oi Greece reciilied.
BALONICA, TUBUT, April 20.— Osman
Pasha is preparing tne defenses of the
town a:id inspecting the fortifications at
Karaburun.
ATHENS, Gkeece, April 30.— The city
is crowded with reservists summoned foi
active service. Their enrollment and
4 equipment are proceeding slowly. TUey
\ are without food. Yesterday thep became
very demonstrative and for a time it
looked as though serious disorders might
ocfur.
Evidence was given to-day of the feel
ing against the royal family. During tne
services in one of the churches the usual
prayer for the royal family was offered.
This excited the congregation, who ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
pressed disproval loudly. The priests had
much difficulty in allaying the disturb
ance.
While the Crown Princess was driving
horn« to-day after visiting the ambulance
hospital shs w.is hissed and jeered by a
; crowd, which was so menacing the
i Princess was compelled to return to the
j hoimt-d for safety. The coat-01-arms
■ has been removed from all the royal car
i riases. Many royal tradesmen have re
moved from their shops the royal escutch
eons.
•
IN THE MEDITERRANEAN.
England Controls Those Waters by
the Most Powerful Aggrega
tion of War Vessels.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.— The
Journal's copyrighted London special
siys: England at this moment, is su
preme in the Mcd terranean. No less
than thirty-four of her battle-ships and
cruisers are in those waters ready for ac
tion. One quarter of these are the heav
iest warships afloat.
The nominal naval force England main
tainc in that sea is from ten to lourteen
vessels. That number has been supposed
tv equal any eruergencv. What the real
object of the enormous British concentra
tion is remains to be seen. Great Britain
is now in a nosition to practically dictate
in the Mediterranean. There is no force
there, even including the combined forces
of the powers, able to wiinstand the over
whelming British ageregation.
Miles Goln« to the War.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. April 30.-Ge::
--! eral Miles said to Thr Call corresponent
to-night that he would ieave for the scene
of the Turko-Crrecian war on Wednesday
next. ______^__^^^^^
Sll Wnol liernras liroken.
BOSTON, Mass., April 30.— Receipts of
foreign wool at this port for the past week
exce>d"<l all previous record*, amounting
io ii 00.610 bale*, at 1ea5t 250.000.000 pounds,
worth $3,750,000. This is half the total
yearly domestic pnduction and a fifth
a-> much a* has been imported in any one
year in a decade.
Cnlonel May and. >ali*bur>j Confer.
LONDON, Ekg., April 30.— Colonel Hay,
Embassador of the United States, had a
lone conference with Lord dibbury at
the Foreign Office this afternoon ou the
, Bering bea question.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 1, 1897.
HURRYING RE-ENFORCEMENTS TO THE FRONT.
The picture represents General Smolenski's troops taking the train at Pbarsala station to re-en f orce the Greeks in battle with the Turks at Tepe-Pilav Pass, near
VeJestino. The point of view is from the hills to the right ol Pharsala. In the left foreground ars the troops of General Sniolenski's division, hurrying to take the
trains for Velestino. Just beyond the railroad is the Enipeus or Tchianarli River, flowing to the we.-t, and in the distance are the Cynoc9phalie or "Dog's Head" hills.
The station lies two miles to the northeast of the town of Pharsala, near the site of the famous battle betweeu C»sar and Pouipey.
With their center at Pharsala and in possession of the railroad running from east to west, just north of the town, connecting Volo on the extreme right with
Kaiditza and TrikKala on the left, the Greeks have an advantatre over the Turks which somewhat offsets the disparity of numbers in favor of the latter. Within a
couple of hours troops can be thrown in either direction from the center to strengthen any point attacked, while th- Turks must depend on the country roads.
STILL EVADING
THE PENALTIES
Southern Pacific F ; iles
a Demurrer to Ken
tucky's Claim.
The Road Takes Advantage of
Every Technicality of
the Law.
Should It Win a Bill Will Be Intro
duced for the Repeal of
Its Charter.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 30.— Judge
Alex Humphrey, attorney for the South
ern Pacific Railroad, to-day filed the fol
lowing demurrer to the petition of At
tcrnev-General Taylor against the road
for $136,000, penalties and fines for failure
to report, before Judge P. N. Major, sit
ting as special Judge in place of James E.
Cantrill, who was too ill to hold court.
There are four demurrers, identical in
verbiage, each demurring to the four peti
tions for the four years the road has so
failed to report:
Franklin Circuit Court, Commonwealth, of
Kentucky, plaintiff, vs. Southern Pacific Com
pany, de endant. Demurrer— The defendant,
the Southern I'aiMfio Company, demurs to the
petition herein ; 1. Because the same fails 10
state a cause of action against it. !i. Because
in no event can the piain tiff recover a penalty
for more than a reasonable time, to wit, six
days. Wherefore defendant prays that the pe
tition be hence dismissed with its costs.
Humphrey A Davis, for defendants.
Judge Major did not pass on the demur
rer, but ordered the clerk to send the case
to Judge Cantrill at Georgetown. He said
it was proper that Judge Can trill should
consider the case.
Judge Humphrey made a statement
that bis demurrer was on the petition, and
requested the court to sustain his demur
rer.
This is a preliminary step in the case,
and should Cantrill sustain the demurrers
General Taylor will move for an amend
ment to his petition. General Taylor said
he had no doubt about his petition being
properly drawn; that the court would
overrule the demurrer, and the case would
the.i come up on its merits; that the road
had taken advantage of every technicality
of the law, and had forced the State to
bring the suit, and that it would receive
no quarter; that they had by their actions
admitted the facts, and would be forced to
answer, and that he had no doubt about
the final outcome of the litigation. The
papers were sent to Judge Can trill this
evening.
An agreed judgment was to-day entered
against the Louisville Water Company for
$1200 on a similar suit, and this is re
garded as first blood against the list of
companies that have been resisting com
pliance with the corporation law.
It is Known that a bill to repeal the
charter of the road will be introduced in
the Legislature in the event that the road
in successful in its suit.
LEAHY IS NOW COLOR-BLIND.
The Brave Little Commander Who Threat
ened to Blow the Gormans Out of
Water at Scmoa W.ll Retire.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.—Com
mander Leary, who sailed under the guns
of the German snip at Samoa and threat
#ned to blow her out of water if she
landed men, has been found color-blind
and will probably be retired. Leary is
tho second man. ia his grade, lie will
have a captain's vacancy waltinK for him
in June if he can pass the examination.
lie is one of the pluckiest little fellows in
the service and is considered an officer of
excellent judgment. During the Samoan
troubles just preceding the great Apia
wreck Leary sailed into the harbor, find
ing a big German cuiser ready to take
possession of the town. The little captain
was on an o.d «ro, ier v-. S el. but in
stantiy he cleared ci tcs for aotion, v got
between the German ciaiser and shoro,
and sent word to the German commander
that the latter would have to sink him be
fore he could iand. The German skipper
asked Leary to come aboard to talk the
■• n-i-.r over. The result was the sailors
were kept on ship board.
The officials are sorry the little com
mander has been disqualified. Secretary
Long to-day ordered a re-examination.
Officers once reported color-blind, how
ever, have a slim chance of promotion and
are invariably passed to the retired list.
ROBBED A TRUST COMPANY.
When Arraigned in Hew York, Young Bar
ton Accuses a Sheriff of Shielding
a Crmtnal.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.— Clarence
Barton, aged 23, was arraigned to-day for
robbing tbe Utah Loan and Trust Com
pany of Ogden, Utah, of $52,000 in Decem
ber. Chief of Police Davenport of Ogden
appeared as the complainant.
"This prisoner," Davenport said, "called
a.t the bank tbe day of tbe robbery to see
his brother, who was employed there.
Immediately after he left the loss of tbe
money was discovored."
Barton said: "Davenport knows a man
named Leo Graves. If lam guilty Graves
is equally so. Chief, didn't Graves con
fess to you he bad received half the money
from me?"
Davenport nodded affirmatively.
"Tlien," continued Barton, hotly, "why
is he not arrested, too? I think you are
trying to shield him. 1 '
Davenport made no reply to this accu
sation, and the magistrate said be would
commit Barton until to-morrow, to await
news from Ogden. As Barton is suffer
ing from appendicitis be was allowed to
go to the hospital instead of to jail. Bar
ton went from Ogden to Jacksonville,
Fla., where he spent money profusely.
He carried a beltful of gold eagles, and
paid a mortgage on a house owned by a
woman witb whom he lodged — Belle Olive.
HOME FOR jLCTOlta' ORPHANS.
Big Meetina of the Probation in London
Apprnvii the Fvjrct.
LONDON, Kng., April 30.— The Crite
rion Theater was crowded this afternoon
with representative members of the ttieat
rical prolession and also the rank and
file, in response to an invitation from Sir
Charlos Wyndham, who recently received
from Passmore Edwards, proprietor of the
Daily Echo and Weekly Time*, and tue
"British Georce W. Chiids," a proposition
to erect a home for actors' orphans.
Charles Wyndham was elected presi
dent and expressed his hearty indorse
ment of the project. For some such
charity, he said, a great need existed, but
between actors' funds and similar bene
ficial movements there was such a dram
upon the linances of the profession thai
it liad not hitherto been found practica
ble to go into the iounaing of institu
tions.
Mr. Edwards outlined his plans and
suggested the appointment ol a com
mittee on locality, site and other details.
The meeting adopted a resolution
heartily approving the proposed benefac
tion, expressing its deep and heartfelt
thanks to Mr. Edwards and appointing a
committee as suggested in his address.'
Terrific Collition With an Iceberg.
HALIFAX, N. B-, April 30.— The
steamer Knight, from Cardiff, arrived to
day with her bow stove in by collision
with an iceberg on Monday while soutli
of the mail route. The berg waa sighted
ouly a minute before me collision and the
shock was terntie. The damaged bow is
a mass of twiatea plates and iron. The
stem of the steamer was broken like a cur
rot into several pieces.
COLORED GANG OF
SEVEN LYNCHED
They Had Murdered and
Cremated a Family
of Three.
Run Down by Bloodhounds,
the Monsters Confess
the Crime.
Taken From Jail at Midnight by a
Mob, Hanged. Shot and
Burned*
HOUSTON, Texas, April 30.— Seven
negroes were lynched by a negro mob at
Sunnyside last night for criminally as
saulting a young woman and a 7-year
oli child, then murdering both of them
and an aged man who attempted to pro
tect them.
Last fall a gentleman from Brenham
was robbed of $65. Four of the Thomas
boys confessed the theft, saying they bad
given $30 of the money to an old negro
named Henry Daniels. Daniels spent the
money and last sunday evening the
Thomas boys decided to either collect tbe
$30 or kill Daniels. They carried out the
hitter part of the programme.
Duniels lived in a little hut with his
stepdaughter, Marie, and a 7-year-old
child at Sunnyside. Wednesday night
the bouse was broken open and Marie
Daniels and her 7-year-old companion
assaulted. Old Daniels was cluDbed to
death while trying to protect them. Tbe
bodies of Daniels and his step-dauebter
were thrown into the house and tbe child's
body into a well. The house was then
tired and the corpses in it cremated. When
the neighbors noticed that Daniels and
his family were missing tbe charred ruins
of tbe house were searched and blood
stains and the bodies found.
Bloodhounds went straight to tbe place
whore tbe Thomas gang resided ami these
members were secured: Fayette Rhone,
21 years; Will Gates, 35; Louis Thomas,
30; Aaron Thomas. 13; Jim Thomas, 14;
Ben Thomas, 15; Will Williams, 19. Ail
were smeared with blood and a bloody
shirt was found. They confessed tbe
crime.
All seven were under guard at midnight
last night when the guards were overpow
ered by a mob and the prisoners were
taken toward Brazos Bottom, north of
here. Later about fifty shots were tired
and ali was quiet.
This morning, dangling from the limbs
of a large oak tree, were found the bodies
of six negroes. The bodies of Wilt Gates
and Louis Thomas were burned from the
waist. Williams' body has not been
found, but the shots probably explain his
absence. Late to-night the bodies were
still hanging. The mob was composed of
whites and blacks, with the negroes
largely predominating.
ALTGELD IN FINANCIAL STRAITS.
Illinois Anarchistic Ex- Governor a Heavy
Loser Lately in Chicago Building
Enterprises.
CHICAGO, 111., Aprii 30.— Altgeld, ex-
Judgh of the Superior Court, ex-Governor
of the State and an open sympathizer
with anarchists, is in deep water finan
cially. Aitgeld has been a firm believer in
Cnicago real estate. For many years he
has owned a valuable eisihl-story build
ing in the best part of the wholesale dis
trict, has been chief owuer of the Unity
building, a eizteeu-story office structure,
and within the past five years has engaged
heavily iv other building operations. To
finance all these schemes Altgeld needed
a lot of money and was a large borrower
from the collapsed Globe Bank. Refer
ring to his money transactions Altgeld
says:
''During the last ten years I have built
six of the largest buildings in Chicago,
and in that tiroc have borrowed heavily of
>f ih<> I'-ge baiiKr. My indebted
ness to the Globe Bank arose chiefly from
taking up paper placed in the East which
came back. 1 will say that no bank that
ever loaned me a dollar has lost a penny;
they have always got principal and inter
est. I had absolute confidence in the
Globa Bank. A number of my close
friends kept accounts at the bank, and are
losing heavily by the failure. Lanehart,
the closest personal friend I had, was on
spakhim'a bond, and from present ap
pearances his estate is wiped out, and his
widow will get nothing from it. Spalding's
failure has brought more ruin and dis
tress around my family and among my
friends than anywhere else."
It was reported on good authority to
day that Altgeld has disposed of his inter
est in the Ozden Gas Company to Jacob
Franks for $200,000. Franks hopes to make
the property worth millions. It is be
lieved thsit pressure from the receiver of
the National Bank of Illinois, acting in
the interests of depositors, was the main
reason for Altgeld's sale of the stock. The
bank holds about $80,000 claims against
Altgeld, nearly all of which is on notes
given by his iorm-r partner, Lanehart,
which Altgeld indorsed. The bank re
cently riled claims for $48,000 in the Pro
bnte Court against the Lanehnrt estate,
and the records show that $40,000 of Unity
Building bonds were deposited with the
bank as collateral. In addition to these
are claims of $'23,500 in the United States
court against Lanehart and Altgeld, and
these are also secured by Unity Building
bonds to the extent of $14,000. The bank
also holds a claim of about $7000 against
Altgeld on a personal unsecured note.
MISS ERVIN A STAR WITNESS.
The Woman tor Whom Spalding Wrecked a
Bank Amuses the Senatorial In-
vestigating Committee.
CHICAGO, 111., April 30.— Miss Sarah
Ervin, the woman in the Spalding Globe
Savings Bank csse, was the star witness
before the Senate Investigating Commit
tee at the Great Northern Hotel this
morning. She surprised the committee
by saying at the close of an hour's exam
ination:
"I expect Mr. Spalding would have ob
tained a divorce and that we would have
been married."
Miss Ervin amused the Senators about
her safety-deposit box, to which Spaiding
had the key. She never put in anything
of value, but whanever she needed money
she or Spaiding would go to the box and
find it. Armed with a power of attorney
from Miss Ervin Spaiding also kept the
box tilled with mortgages, notes, bonds
and deeds. She was ignorant of the dif
ference between any of these papers or of
how much money «he had received from
her benefactor and had no idea of where
she got the money for the $18,000 house
which the Ervin family was living in be
fore she surrendered it to the receiver.
biie discovered that she owned the prop
erty last Jail. It never occurred to her
that Spaiding could be losing on invest
ments he made for her, and she refused to
admit that sue knew all of this property
was a gift from Spaiding because ol his
relations with her and their prospective
marriage. To such embarrassing ques
tions she smilinely replied, "Don't Know."
Civil Srrric* and J'ublic Printing.
WASHINGTON, jD. C.. April 30. --The
strong opponent* to the wholesale appli
cation of civil service rules to .Federal in
stitutions ribVassart that the Government
printing office with its 3000 places will
probably be placed outside the restriction
of the civil service law by . the ; opinion of
the Attorney-General.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MACEO'S
DEATH IS
AVENGED
Of the Thousand Who
Killed Him Few
Remain.
CIRUJEDA'S MEN ARE
DOOMED.
They Are Slaughtered at Every
Turn by the Cuban In
surgents.
WEYLER'3 LYING REPORTS AS
TO PACIFICATION.
All the Provinces Are Yet Swarm-
Ing With Rebels and They Even
Threaten Havana.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 30.— 1t is hard
to understand how General "Weyler dares
to announce the pacification of the prov
inces of Santa Clara, Matanzas, Havana
and Pinar del Rio. when at least 25,000 in
surgents are in them. It is a notorious
fact that in this province the insurgents
are more than 8000 strong, well provided
with arms and ammunition around Ma
druga alone, not more than fifty miles
from the capital. Colonel Raoul Arango
has 1500 troops. About 3000 Cubans are
scattered in bands of 500 and swarm be
tween Guines and BatabaAo, harassing
the Spanish columns.
General Alejandro Rodriguez, who is
the insurgent commander-in-chief ot the
province, is farther eastward with 2000,
and the rest of the patriots in this region
are under Colonel Nestor Aranguren, near
the boundaries of Pinar del Rio province,
and commanding many small towns
around Punta Brava and a great part of
the coast.
Tho names of Rodriguez, Arango and
ira.iguren are so well known ana their
military operations commented on so
generally that Weyler's declarations have
been admitted to be a lie even by the un
compromising Spaniard press, which is
gazged. The papers do not contradict
the captain-general, but even the scanty
news of the war which the censor allows
to be published is enough to prove that
fighting is constant at the very gates of
Havana.
The battalion of San Quintin, which
Cirujeda commanded wben gallant Gen
eral Maceo was killed, has been nearly ex
terminated in several engagements with
the insurgents a few miles from Havana.
Weyler hopes to defeat the insurgents by
guerrilla warfare and ordered the San
Quintin Battalion scattered into tands of
100 each and to right without rest. The re
sult has been that one after another of tb«
Spanish bands have fallen into ambush,
according to the plans prepared by Rodri
guez and Aranguren, and few have es
caped the machetes of the Cubans.
Without a thorough knowledge of the
country and embarrassed by rural non
combatants, who hate the Spaniards on
account of the persecution ordered by
Weyler, the Spanish soldiers have wan
dered blindly about, while tue Cubans are
constantly apprised of the enemy's where
abouts. Of the 1000 under the command
of Cirujeda in February only 15(1 remain.
The battalion has been reorganized with
troops Irom other detachments and the
guerrilla system abandoned.
In Pinar del Rio province the insurgents
are about 5000 strong. They are not con
fined to the Sierra de Organos Mountains,
as official reports say, but scattered from
San Antonio Cape to Mar. el. Yidnl Du
casse, their best leader, is fighting me
Spanish column every day.
General Weyler has received orders by
cable from Spain to so slowly with the in
troduction of reforms, but to announce
them and promise that they wilt be exe
cuted more liberally than the decree indi
cates. The general opinion is the promul
gation of reforms is intended only as a
prelude to trying again in France or Eng
land to nogotiaie a new loan.
DEFALCATION QF A CASHIER.
Altar Work.ng Eighteen Years in the S\
Louis Post. nice David H. Hayes Is
Arrested tor Stealing.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 30.— Davis H.
Hayes, a brotiier of the general manager
of the Giand Trunic Railway of Montreal,
was arresteu to-day on a warrant charging
him with the embezzlement of $15,003
wnile cashier at the St. Louis postoftice.
He was held for a Federal Grana Jury in
$3000. Bail was furnished and the accused
went to his handsome suburban home,
accompanied by a physician, who says
Hayes is afflicted with heart trouble and
may never i>e abl<» to stand trial. The
shortage was made good last night by the
National Security Company and piesura
was brought upon the authorities at Wash
ington to refrain from prosecuting, but
Postoffice Inspector Johnson was ordered
to proceed with the prosecution as if no
restitution had been made. Hayes is a
Republican and has been cashier ol the
postoffice for eighteen years. He was re
garded as such an exemplary and efficient
otticial thai neither the Democratic nor
Republican administration felt v could
dispense with his eervicas.2
MILLIONS IN GOLD
GOING TO EUROPE
Largest Shipment of the
Season to Be Made
To-Day.
Unsettled Conditions Abroad
Lead to the Unusual
Demand.
The Heavy Drain Will Make No
Perceptible Difference to
This Country.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.-Four
million dollars in cola, the largest ship
ment tbis season, goes abroad to-morrow
and about a million has already been en
gaged for shipment next week. I'nder
ordinary circumstances we should not be
tending gold abroad in Us usual direction
before May or June. Th:s year, however,
the outward mcmmem began earlier De
cause of the opportunity to discount usual
conditions. The unsettled condition of
Europe in the light of the Eastern situa
tion has bred a disposition to get more
gold, and since conditions are in favor of
cetting it the exchange is only slightly
below the figure at which an outward
shipment is commonly said to be profit
able. That is ordinarily put at $4 84^,
and Thursday exchange was $4 Sl} 2 lo
$4 87? 4 . Foreign houses wanted gold
D;id.y enough to pay the slight difference.
The outgoing gold is all consigned to
port towns and its exact destination
;s not definitely known. Russia is known
to have ordered large quantities of gold.
Greece toot £1, 000,000 from the Bank of
England, but the bank's holdings in
creased during the week. The greatest
demand is said to be on account of Vienna
and Paris. Austria ha» been for a consid
erable period accumulating gold to en
able the country to go upon a gold basis
next year. It is reported that she needs
incomplete her preparations $15.000,C00.
The supposed commercial relations be
tween France and Austria, coupied with
the fact that Austria could not readily
get gold from London, led Paris to take
pold from available sources. Japan's
want will be supplied mainly from Eng
land. It is asserted that Austria's wants
will oe satisfied within a weeK if there is
another heavy week's shipment from the
States.
The excess of imports over exports from
January 1 to April '2H was $141, 106.000.
The total imports for this period at this
nort n-ere $2R,842,000, an increase of f 104.
- over the same period in 1896. This
is largely due to thr pending tariff bill.
Tke balance of trade, however, cannot
be taken as an absolute indication ot the
trend of the gold now. Aside from other
influence?, the figures in the ba'ance sheet
take no cognizance of the exchanges con
stantly passing between this country and
abroad. These are numberless, and the
exact state of them is not definitely
known.
Rents ar.-i interest and dividends are
steadily going over the water to foreign
owners of property here. Qupen Victoria
herself owns property in New York. Great
numbers of American travelers in Europe
expend lots or" money there which has to go
over in gold.
A good many millions in gold could be
."-hipped from the States now without
making the slightest difference to this
country. It has been said that $20,000,000
will go out during the present movemen t,
but the' sum will not be nmsed. The
Treasury has more than $54,000,000 in gold
above the $100, 000,000 traditionally held in
reserve. The associated banns of this city
hold $87,000; 000 in specie, of which almost
all is gold. .
IBLVSti Mi: DAL* OF any
>(US Board la Appointed to Make the
Vroper ncnrdj.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 30.— A
board, consisting of Secretary Alser, Gen
eral Miles, Adjutant-General Ruggies and
Colonel Ai:isworth, chief of the Record
and Pension Division, was appointed to
day to consider the awards of medals of
honor and to recommend to the President
the names of p*nons deserving recogni
tion. The medal ol honor corresponds to
the Victoria cross, and is conferred for
marked personal bravery of officers or en
listed men of the regular or volunteer
armies in the War of the Rebellion.
Under the last administration the dis
tribution of these inedala was in the hands
of the Assistant Secretary of War. Secre
tary Alcer thinks the greatest care should
be exercired in conferring the honor.
Great pressure ;s frequently brought to
bear on ihe War Department in behalf of
applicants, and the board is appointed
with a view to weeding out the unwar
ranted claims.
General Al«er will try the "honor" sys
tem with the War Department. He re
voked the orders which compelled chiefs
01 divisions to keep "tab" on the attend
ance and won: of theirclerks, as it savored
too much of the primary school to suit
the Secretary's taste. He believes adults
should not be given black marks because
a minute or two tardy, and will trust to
their honor to report any delinquency.
1 *
OX THE BEST OF XJbIIMS.
Eeporta of J.tp "»'■■*> Hotlility to the
( uitfl Stales lfenied.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— The
officials of the Japanese legation discoun
tenauce the reports of a hostile feeling
against the United States generated in
Japan by the arrival of the ship Philadel
phia at Honolulu.
The Japanese say that their country is
very friendly to us. and that they cannot
imagine hew such stories were given the
c rculation they had. Tuey state that Ja
pan i* very well satisfied with things as
they are, and after the victory over China
it is believed many years will elapse be
fore Japan id plunged in war anain. They
cannot imagine who couid bave started
the stories unless it was the Chinese.
Smokeless Powder Contract.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 30.— The
con tract for smokeless powder will be
awarded by the War Department in a
few days. Three companies, including
the California Powder Company, bid one
dollar a pound on forty thousand pounds
to be purchased by ihe dapanment. A
War Department offic al said that tue pur
chase would piobably be distributed be
tween the three companies, though in
what shares was not yet determined.
A Tran* continental Trip-
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 30.-The
committee on arrangements for the Uni
versal Postal Congress is trying to provide
a transcontinental trip for the del- gates.
It is unlikely »be plan will be adopted un
less San Francisco and other cities indi
cate a willingness to entertain the party,
but members of the committee are hopp
iu! the scheme will be favorably received.
JUDGE W. W. MORROW, Who Will Succeed McKenna on the
Circuit Court Bench*
POT IN RETIREMENT
BY THE PRESIDENT
Colonel Bambridge of
the Third Artillery Out
of Active Service.
Said to Have Ended His Use-
fulness at the Age of
Six.y-two.
Ssvaral Deserving Officers of the
Army Are Benefted by Secur
ing Merited Promotion.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 30.—
Colonel Edmund C. Bambridge, com-
mar.ding the Third Artillery at San
Francisco, was placed on the retired list
to-day by direction of the President, .tii^
is Bambridge's sixty-second birthday, and
under the law an officer can be retired at
discretion when he reaches that age or at
his own request.
The age limit of service is 64 years, and
ordinarily an officer is allowed to remain
on the active list r.ntil he rounds that
period. Very seldom retirements are
compulsory, and while reasons for such
action is usually assigned, the President
is not obliged to give any. The oniy ex
planation made at the War Department
was that executive action wai tafcen in
Banic-ridgs's case as he has outlived his
usefulness as an officer.
Two recent compulsory retirements
were those of Brigadier-Gpnerul Carr by
President Harrison and Colonel Crofton
by Cleveland.
The retirement of Bambridge will result
in the following promotions in the artil
lery: Lieutenant-Colonel Marcus P. Mil
ler of the First to be colonel of the Third,
Major Jacob B. Rawles of the Fourth to
be lieutenant-colonel of tho First, Captain
Louis Smith of the Third to be major of
the Fourth, First Lieutenant Charles W.
Hobbs of tne Third to be captain of the
Third and Second Lieutenant Skerritt of
the Fifth to be first lieutenant of the
Third.
GREATRUSH TO THE WHITE HOUSE
Office -Seekers Consder the Notice That
Thsy Will Not Be Received as
a Huge Joke.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30— The
crowd of office-seekers besieging the
White House to-day, the first since the
President's return lrom the Grant
memorial exercises, was unusually large
despite trie fact it was Cabinet day, upon
which the President has declined to re
ceive -visitors except Senators and Rep
resentatives. Place-seekers evidently con
sider this order a huge joke. Lung before
10 o'clock, the hour for receiving visitors,
the corridor outside the President's room
and the hallways leadin.r to the main
corridor were packsd. About the time
for the Cabinet meeting the crowd thinned
perceptibly, but later in the afternoon the
same faces were again seen, many re
fusing to leave without seeing the Presi
dent. Even Secretary Porter's announce
ment that tbePresident would see none but
Senators and Representatives had little
effect.
The Cabinet assembled at 11 o'clock,
the first time 'or a week. The President
announced his intention to fend Hon.
W. J. Calboun ava special commissioner
to Cuba to investigate the Ruiz murder,
and the selection was considered good.
Nothing of interest developed during the
meeting. After the Cabinet, adjourned
Attorney-General McKenna announced
the President would not interlere in the
cese of Joseph Duniap, the Chicago editor
who has been sentenced to two years'
hard labor in Joiiet penitentiary for send
ing alleged obscne matter through tue
mails. Judge McKenna to wbom tne case
whs referred made a careful examination
into the facts, reporting the only miti
gating circum«tnnces in the case was
Dunlap's physical condition.
The telegraph manager at tne White
House was to-day arranging for the Presi
dent to touch the button which will start
the wheels at the Nashville Exposition.
National Commitieman James* Wilson
of Delaware has applied for the Russian
mission to succeed B^clcinridge.
Senator Wilson of Washington saw the
President in behalf of Judge J. N. Scott
of Washington State, applicant for the
treasury auditor^hip.
Senator Meßrivle asked the appoint
ment of P. Hoff as Consul to Copenhagen.
M.j»« a Point for Florence.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30. -In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
the United States Supreme Court to-day
ex- Attorney-General Hart won a point
for Florence Blythe Hinckley. The Court
acted on General Hart's application and
directed that the transcript presented by
the defendant in error De printed and
submitted with a motion to dismiss St
for May 10. This brings upon that dale
Hart's motion to dismiss the appeal filed
by Jefferson Chandler, who claims that
the California court had no right to
award the property to an alien. Mr.
Chandler h»9 been telegraphed for and
the two eminent lawyers will argue the
case May 10.
J WIZOXGEI* WIFE'S VEHQKAXCE,
Ihrnslift Hr Recre »»it Hutband on a
If'.-r «/i :jj //.in Thoroughfare.
WASHINGTON, D. C, ADril 30.— An
j injured wife, a rt-creant husband and a
comely mulatto girl were the persons, and
Pennsylvania avenue, near Fifteenth
street, the scene of a lively episode this
evening, in which the husband was
knocked out in the first round, the girl
put to flight and the wife's vengeance sat
isfied. The man was weil dressed. His
companion was a Ji;;ht- colored mulatto
girl, neatly dressed, who chatted with
him in a familiar manner.
The wife stepred into a doorway and
awaited the coming of the pair. When
ttie man was within ten feet the little
woman jumped from her hiding-place.
"This v what keeps you in Washington,
! is it, you brute? Take that, and that, and
i that ; and don't you ever darken my door
: again."
The attack of the woman was so im
i petnous, so unexpected, and conducted
with such fury thai in* man was whipped
before he knew what had struck him.
With a single blow, squarely on the face,
the plucky little woman finished him, ana
i split her kid glove. Following up her ad
! vantage, she again punched him vic.ously
1 beloiv the belt and landed a third on his
: mouth.
The man was either too badly surprised
I to defend Himself or decline.! to repel the
attack of his wife. At the first sipn of an
j encounter the colored girl fled precipi
tately from the scene, and as soon as he
i could release himself from the grasp of
! his enraged assailant ihe man did like
wise.
The wife said she was Miss Emiline M.
McMullen, daughter of an old railroad
contractor of Sacramento, Cal. Eighteen
j months ago «he went to Cincinnati to
visit an old schoolgirl friend and there
she met T. J. Watfcins, the man she put
to rout. Tim acquaintance resulted in
marriage and the two went to housekeep
ing. During the time bhe had known
Watkins tn* woman said she had ad
vanced Dim $2000.
PEItKIXS 1* HOT WATER.
Hit Position on the Hawaiian treaty
Stir* Up San Franciscans.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 30.—
Hawaiian reciprocity treaty tight is get
tine hot. Senator Perkins is in a dilem
manad seems to be greatly worried over
the matter. The interview with him pub
lished exclusively in Thursday's Call
seems to have stirred up the San Francis
co people. He has received scores of tele
grams from California alluding to The
Call's Washington dispatch which an
nounced the position of Mr. Perkins on
the treaty: When seen at the Maltby
building this morning Senator Parkins
saia:
"The interview you sent has got me into
trouble."
. "Wfi not your position correctly
stated?" asked the correspondent. -
"On, yes, 1 have no complaint to make,
but it raised a regular hornets' • nest
around my head."
Senator Perkins is between the devil
and the deep sea. Hugh Craig of the
Chamber of Commerce has written him in
effect:
"You were honored with the Senator
ship by California and now we demand
that you regard the wishes of California
people."
Tue letter which Mr. Craig writes for
the Chamber is mandatory in its tone and
some Senators might consider it offensive.
Senator Perkins showed it to The Call
correspondent. .
Senator Perkins . to-day received tele
grams from friends in San Francisco, say
ing that Mr. Claus Spreckels is rather in
clined-to believe that Senator Perkins
should stand by the announcement said
to have been heretofore made by him, that
he would vote to abbrogate the treaty.
I'acifle Loa»t Pension*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 30.-Pen
sions have been granted as follows: Cali
fornia: Original — Joseph Leach, San
Diego; Thomas P. Beath, Los Angeles;
Thomas Nayjor, Veterans' Home, Napa.
Increased — Andrew Kelly, Veterans'
Home. Napa. Mexican War widows-
Mary W. Hurd, San Bprnardino.
Oregon: Mexican War widows — Susan
Fietcher, Athena.
Washington: Increased — John Burey,
Vancouver. Original widows, «tc. — Ra
chael A. Smith, Lyndea.
lUitij on Stfl Jiailt Sustained.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30— The
United btates Supreme Court to-day dis
missed the motion for a writ of certiorari
in the caae of the Anglo-CJalifornian Bank
aeainst the Secretory of the Treasury.
'J ma, in effect, sustains the action of the
Secretary, who decided that the dispuud
steel rails must pay rates of import duties
under the McKinJey tariff law instead of
the Wilson act.
TO BE PROMOTED
Will Succeed McKenna
on the Circuit Court
Bench.
Waymire Will Then Slip Into
the Vacancy in the Dis
trict Court.
Prefers a Life Position to a Few
Years of Glory as a Member
of the Cabinet. .;
WASHINGTON., D. C, April 30.— Judge
W. W. Morrow will be appointed United
States Circuit Judge to succet d Judge
McKenna, and Judge James A. Way mire
will be appointed United States District
Judg • to succeed Morrow.
This seems to be certain. Judge Way
mire called on the Preside:! i to-day, in
company with ex-Attorney-General Hart
of California. Judge Waymire was seei)
to-night, but was reluctant to discuss his
chances tor the Judgeship.
The Call correspondent understands,
however, that Judge Waymire told the
President he was not a candidate for At-
torney-General to succeed McKenna when
the latter is appointed to the United
States Supreme bench. Judge Waymire
stated to a friend to-niebt that he would
rather be a United Spates Judge for a life
tenure than to have three or lour years'
hard work and a liitle transient glory as
Attorney-General in the i'residem's Cabi
net.
Besides, Judge Way mire understands
that there J8 now pending before the lead
ers of both houses of Congress a proposi
tion to abolish district, courts altogether
and meigs them into the circuits.
Many lawyers think tLat the district
courts rniqht as well be abolished alto
gether and let the business come before
the circuit courts. If this were to be done
there would be lour circuit courts in Cali
fornia, and Judjje Waymire havinjr been
appointed a district, judge to succeed Mor
row would thus become one of the new
circuit, judges. This proposition is now
being considered by the Judiciary Com
mittees of the Senate and House, and in
all probability tne bill will become a law.
ENGLISH cHVHCUJiJSJii JPjtOTJ/gT,
Ao Provision for their Tartlclpation in
the Queen* Jubilr-e.
LONDON, Esc, April 30.— Ministers
and representative laymen of churches
outside the paio of the established (or
Episcopal) church are up in arms over the
fact that so far as they have been able to
ascertain no provision is to be made for
their representation at the religious ser
vices incident to the Queen's jubilee, nor
at any of the official tunctions connected
therewith.
Calls have been issued for meetings of
the national committees of the Baptists,
Presbyterians, Methodists and other de
nominations, with the view of making rep
resentations to the Prince of Wales, as
the head of the • committee of arrange
ments upon the subject.. ..•- .. ..
The general committee of the Congre
gational Union has already taken up the
matter. and has adopted this resolution,
which will probably serve as a text for the
other protesting denominations:
The committee of 'he Congregational Union
of Enpla; d and Wales, representing more
than 4HOO churcneti, with a constituency of ai
leas; 1,250,000 persons, are desirous of hav
ing & proper recognition Ht the diamond jubi
lee of uer Gracious Majesty the Queen. Coi
graiu'ations having a.warfl beeu loyal sup
porters of the House of Brunswick, we expect
thut provision will be maJo in the arrange
ments lor the ceremony of June 22 for the ac
commodation of their representatives aud
those of tiie other free cliurcnes.
Committed Suicltle iv Hame*.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., April 30.— Mrs.
Mathuts Dr»chman, wife of a farmer near
Six Miie. Wyaudotte County, while de
spondent through sickness, early this
morning decided to die. While her hus
band slept she saturated a blanket, Isiuted
it and in a few moments she was roasted
to death.
yorllmrn Pneifle Minke- Vp Anticipated.
NEW YORK, V. V., April 30.— A gen
eral shake-up on the Northern Pacific is
expected to follow the resignation of
President Winter. It is stated that Colo
Discouraged in Spring
Heal Broken Down, Had No Ambition, Torpid
Liver, Gonsumpttim, Rheumatism
Hood's Sarsaparilia Cured by Its Power as the Best Sprmg
Medicine and One True Blood Purifier
Discouraged people are numerous now — some because
of lost business, others because of lost health. All may find
fresh inspiration and valuable suggestions in the following:
"C I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.:
"Gentlemen: For 12 years I have been
a commercial traveler, and owing to the
hardships of my life, long railroad jumps,
all kinds of exposure, and sudden changes
of climate, etc., my health gave way.
Physicians did not help me and I was
given up to die. My illness developed a
Complication of Diseases.
I was without ambition or appetite. All
strength had left me. One doctor said I
had heart disease, another torpid liver, a
third said it was Jung trouble and another
consumption, and so on. 1 have no doubt
symptoms or all these complaints and
even that of rheumatism, judging from
the stiffness and pains in my joints and
legs at times, were manifest. I was un-
able to attend to business, was confined
to my room and frequently lay in a coma-
tose state for hours. I was so feeble, and
so little encouragement was offered, that
1 began to wonder
Where I Would be Buried.
Finally, as a last effort to help myself, I
decided to try Hood's Sarsaparilla. The
000 S parilla
Sold by all druggists. Price, $1, six for $5. Prepared only by
C. 1. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass. The Best Spring Medicine.
nel Dan Lamont will become president,
Lamont has had some little experience as
a railroad man and made a very successful
Secretary of War under Cleveland and
previous to that was secretary to Cleve
land.
NASHVILLE IS FILLING UP.
The Southern Exposition Will Be Opened
To-Doy by President McK.nley Press
ing the Button.
NASHVILLE, Ten.v, April SO.-The
Athens of the South U filling up with
visitors preparatory to the formal inau
guration to-morrow of the exposition
whicn marks the one hundredth anniver
sary of Tennessee' 3 Statehood.
Many of the arrivals are specially in
vited cues!?, commissioners or other dis
tinguished representatives of the various
States, but the great majority of visitors
are Southern people rilled with pride over
what a Southern State has accomplish d,
and Northern men anxious to see what
Tennessee has done with the co-operation
of her sister commonwealths.
Although the decorations are not com
plete the city already presents a mag
nificent appearance, while the exposition
grounds are a marvel of beamy. The
opening exercises will commence at noon
to-morrow, the button whico is to start
the machinery being pressed by President
M< Kinley in Washington.
It is to be a great and an attractive af
fair, having exhibits from most of the
htates of the I T :non, as also from Europe
an<i Asia. There has recently been
some apprehension that the success oi
it would be impaired, n a measure, by
tiie Hoods which have wrought so much
destruction in the States that border on
the Mississippi River, and it is probable
that the Bomber of visitors will be re
ih^ed on this account; but the managers
are as active and nearly as hopeful as
they were at any time in the past two
years. The wealth ami the enterprise of
Tennessee are fully engaged in its behalf
and the popular enthusiasm over it in the
State is unbounded. There will be disap
pointment at Nashville if Jess than a
million visitors appear there within the
next half year.
The first three days of the exposition
will be in the hands of the Supreme
Knights of the Ancient Essenic Order,
who will hold their annual convention.
The executive committee of the exposi
tion has set apart special days for the sev
eral States. "New 'York day" will occur
at the end of the month of June. There
are also to be days' for telegraphers, for
freighters, for Union and Coniederate vet
eians, for press nssociations, for various
religious denominations, for railroad
brakemen, for good citizen?, for women,
for docors and for all k nds and varieties
of people. There is of course to be a con
gress of religions like that which was held
at tae time of the Chicago fair.
COliOyt'L HORACE J EWEIT DEAD.
Served With Distinction in the Civil and
Indian liar*.
PLATTSBURG, Pa., April 30.— Colonel
Horace Jewett, commander of the Twenty
first Infantry, died at the barracks hero
this morning affer an illness of about a
week.
Coionel Jewett wa3 bom at East Ber
wick, Me., March 31, 1834, and enlisted on
the breaking out of tue war. He was
brevetted captain in 1862 for gallantry at
Sn ilohand major in 1864.
After peace was declared he was in the
service successively at Philadelphia, Har
risburs and Montgomery, Aia. He was
also actively engaged in :ue Indian wars.
The funeral will be held to-morrow and
the interment will be the post cemetery,
in accordance with h is oft-repeated wishes.
He was to have been relieved to-morrow
on his own application, and the necessary
papers were being prepared when a tele
jrrarn announcing bis death was received
in Washington.
HOLIt Mt.XJf • » BAXDITS.
Mttrit'' ret ■•» o/ ->'«■>■ American Miner*
Caplur" a freight train.
AMECA, Mexico, April 30.— The brig
ands who robbeu and murdered Edward
Callaghan and J. C. Klein, two prominent
American miners, a iew days aj;o : also at
tacked a mule train loaded with valuable
merchandise on a highway east of here.
The drivers and guards were all bound,
and the bandits drove the mules with the
merchandise into the mountains. The
Government authorities are aroused and
troops are scouring the country for the
outl-tws, who will be shot as soon as cap
tured.
JJJJJJJ ,»t»» of a Severe Earthquake.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— News
of an earthquake in Guadaioupe island,
Wesi Indies, was received in a telegram to
day from the Consul thert. The telegram
is dated April 29, and reads: "Severe
earthquake; loss heavy and many in
jured."
For the Xext Prntidtntial Cadtitthip.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— W.
T. Pryor of St. Louis has been selected by
President McKinley to fill the next Presi
dential cadatship vacancy at Annapolis.
He is a ?on of Auditor Pryor of the
Wasatch Railroad.
effects of a few doses of the medicine !
seemed almost magical. The depressed
feeling left me, and when one bottle had \
been taken I had regained an appetite and
Strength was coming back. After finish- !
ing the third bottle I was able to go about ;
my commercial duties. I continued to im-
prove, and to satisfy my mind that I had !
fully regained health 1 submitted myself !
to a doctor for examination. He pro- j
nounced me 'sound as a dollar.' Three
month* later 1 passed a,rigid examination '
for insurance. 1 have since been in the
best of health, notwithstanding my
travels, and 1 give
All the Credit to Hood's
Sarsaparilla, as each season since I have
taken several bottles. It keeps my blood
in good circulation, gives me a keen ap-
petite and leaves no room for that tired
feeling which naturally finds easy prey
among those of my calling in the sum-
mer months aftsr an early spring hustle.
1 consider Hood's Sarsaparilla the means
of saving my life, and 1 gladly speak in
its favor." A. J. LEITCH, home address,
Cass House, Saginaw, Michigan.
ANARCHISTS ARE
DOOMED TO DEATH
Five More of the Bar-
celona Bomb-Throw-
ers to Be Executed.
in All Thirteen of Them Have
Been Tried In Secret and
Condemned.
Their Crlma Consisted In Causing:
the Death of Twelve People
and Wounding Many.
BARCELONA, EpaJh, April 30.— Five
more of the auarchists who in December
were convicted of complicity in bomb
throwing were sentenced to death to-day
after a secret trial.
The crime was committed Jnno 7.
1896. during the celebration of Corpus
Chriati. Just as a procession was enter
ing the Church of Santa Maria a bomb
was thrown into the crowd, killing twelve
instantly and wounding about fifty others,
some of whom died.
Eighty-four were held to await trial.
After the trial last December eight were
WE ARE WIDE AWAKE FOR BUSINESS— ALIVE, ASTIR, ALL ABLAZE
with energy, interest and enthusiam to supply the wants of our patrons. We
shipped 18 tons on yesterday's boat for Japan, but are just as pleased with your mail
order for 3 handkerchiefs at 10c, including postage, or any ot'ier small item. We do
not expect to get rich on one >ale or one day's business — are satistied with a small
profit — but want a large volume of business, and are prepared to handle it. Help us
to make this OUR BIG DAY.
MAY DAY PRICES!
Lnnch Baskets 10c
Some cheaper, as low as 1 c each, but all
prices for ail demands (except high prices).
Yoncang't 'em ready fille. or filled at
short uotice from 15c: up to $3; depends on
size or the appetite and w ; of tbo basket.
Clothes Brashes 25c
These are all bristles. They loolc like and
a:p a 60c brush, but wear and work like a
ao::ar brush. It will pa you to have one.
Wa like to sell good tni::gs cheap.
Cream Freezers $1.88
With each one we give 50 i^s. salt without
c.^&i— gjod c.can salt, to make lc?-cream.
It Is no trick 10 mane goixi lce-ereaci and
no trick to get shut of it if you let jour
folks know.
Corn Starch 5c
Have sold same brand for two years and
not a complaint. Will you try it ? or liave
you duue so ?
Grangers Soap • • 3c
Fhlf is a. good grade, full-welrht yellow
s a;i. aud [:;•• best at the price we nave on
sale.
We make to order promptly Ladies' Fine Dresses from material in store.
We make to order, short notice, Ladies' Wrappers, 85c up to $3 50.
We make to order Aprons. Sunbonnets, Night Dresses and other ladies' wear.
We make to order Men's Shirts, Night robes and Flannel Underwear.
We have a good lorce in our sewing room. Help us to keep them.
JHB^HC^^^^^M^^w •w««^^R^^BP'w g yH .--•- a^^ B^h\
wJ^SSß^^fffWiPßßß^te .^ BB 1 ■■£ yS9 i e£^ Mb ■hr (Mb H I
, -;S^lS| Goods delivered twice daily — any part city.
X WESSrIsS * Free delivery to suburban tovrim.
____ / mEJSB9Kw i* Free demonstration of food* daily.
MgBH JMSBSbSI ' <m and Coffee nerved Ire« to all who call.
'^Blulml. "^ig^Fi^Tr / Parcels checked and Telephone Free.
yß|BnS&ttf_B / Dining-room on sixth Boor.
X^lWßßsSifiSSggESyX * Goods packed and shipped everywhere.
X^g^^gftSg^r Please ask for our 40-page list.
Address— The Big Store at the — 25-27 MARKET STREET.
I Last Week. |
It's the universal verdict of San
Francisco's economical shoppers
that such bargains have never been
0 II H &l n offered in this city before — not even
hKlijllj in this S reat store > vvhich "as
Ulim 1/ known many phenomenal sales.
DrnDHßbl! Stationery, Silverware, Photn-
fltUiibnll!" praphic Goods, Hats, Furnishing
Goods, Bicycles, Books, Handker-
TATlflftl chiefs, Toys, Gloves and hundreds
Ll\ I EU ii of other articles sacrificed to make
immediate room for new depart-
O ft I C ments and new goods.
Many new goods, just arriving,
will be thrown into the sale this
week at the cut prices.
000000000000000000
NOTE.— During this week our store will be open as usual
evenings until 8 o'clock. Open Saturday night till 10:3o.
000000000000000000
718=722 Market St. and 23-27 Geary St.
|£^3#^| MANHOOD RESTORED^ WSE
1» isJ JeHr *-■* -1 "iriilllWWU "■■%* I UllliUvitaMzer.thepreocrlp:
\K <^TV **"> # ■-- 0 ' »j«no;is French physician, will ouicklycure/ou of all cer-
\S> <AI \v» ■7\l TnSfJlTti ll^ 868 ! 01 i he generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
T £&m V» i?^ n^*i nBln t h^Bacl£,Seminall;miiioM,NervonBDebUlS
Vjf^T^ \ '»«' r> imp .,\ . " lnes 5 to Marry, KxlmusUus Drains, Varlcoc'.le and
\_ J V . -/ - Constipation. :It stops all loss™ br daf or night. Prevents qnlck.
I - i^r^ „ . ntsaof discharge, which if notclipoke.f leads to Spermatorrhosaand
BEFORE. «ND AFTER f'.'th* horrors of Impotency. cleanses theUver, tbt
rnßin...; V Tv kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
1 CUPIOKNE strengthens and restores smalt weak onrans.
ti%^a^^ b^rg rt enT^
Auac«44 DAVOi- *.sHH.VISA CO.. 1170 Market streell San Francisco, CaL Tor sal.br
: * tIiUOK V i-llAl:i« A.C V, 118 i-OWeU asreli
sentenced to death, but the sentences of
the others were not divulged. The attor
ney-ceneral asked the court-martial that
the sentences of the others be not divulged.
The same official asked the court-martial
to sentence twenty-eight prisoners no
death and fifty-si* to life at penal servt
tucle. _
REVISE It II « OL SCHJSOULE.
Sub- Committee Chanar* the Jiatet of tfl«
l>in,'l>V ***■**•
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.-The
World's Washington special cays: "I »m
able to-night to give the wool schedule
agreed upon by the sub-Committee. The
information i-; accurate ami may be relied
on. The schedule is as follows: Fnt
class wools, sr.cn as is used for clothing, 8
cents a pound; on carpet woois. coarse
grades, 7 cuts a pound. The Dingley
rates are 11 cents on clothing wools and 4
cents on carpet wools. The sub-committee
will hand the reciprocity feature to the
President for bis action."
lyiilAAA'S OIL ROOM.
Daily Flow Doublet nnd Standard BtoeH
J* Out of Sioi't.
ANDERSON, I*d., April 30— The oil
boom continues. Speculators are pouring
in Jrom all directions. The big gusher is
running twice as many barrels per day as
heretofore. The Standard ha 3 many
appnts at vrorfc.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 30.— Stand
ard oil stock to-day "on the rurb" reached
300, the highest ever attained.
BalUburj/ a«d the S-alinj Dl*put*.
LONDON, Eno.. April 30.— Salisbury's
reply to the American request for a re
inquiry into the Bering seal dispute has
been mailed. It is reported Salisbury re
luses to reopen the case bocause of the ex
pense.
NEW TO-DAY.
Boys' Knockabout Shoes - - 65c
Tfcese tire cunvas or camping shoes, leather
trimmed and quiie dutaole. We want to
move them a.i in two days. Bo.s wear
'em, giils wear 'em. ladies wear 'em In
camp; sizes 3, 4, 5
Straw Hats ------- 15c
*l'h»3e are regular stiff brim Sunday hats
for boys, wide oaid. «■% to 7: none larger;
5Uc would be [bought <u«ap enough.
Fancy Ribbon 10c
This is light, changeable or mixed, very
pre; t■ , but not promised all silk; it is 3 1 . 3
inches w de. Try It for hats, for neck rib-
bon, for tt.iy thing pretty.
Summer Corsets 45c
Thr-se are white and when quality la com-
pared with other* you'U find how cheap
tney are.
Cashmere Evening Shades - - • VI. •
This is the i-f-gjular two-bit goods, 36 inches
wide, pink, red, cream, lig it blue: it looks
pretty made up. only a law pieces to close
this season's sto?k.NOTHING SERIOUS
IN FAIR HAWAII
But Uncle Sam intends
to Closely Watch the
Japanese.
Two Warships to Be Kept
Constantly at Honolulu
Harbor.
Interesting Complications May Fol
low the Turning Away of the
Japanese Immigrants.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— News
from Yokohama and Honolulu about
Japan's attitude regarding Hawaii has not
caused alarm to this Government, al
though it is admitted matters may become
serious through the state of feeling in
Japan. Nothing was said on the subject
at the Cabinet meeting 10-day, ana careful
Inquiry indicated no action had been
taken by either the Secretary of State or
Navy looking to the better protection of
American interests in the islands. It is
understood by the administration that
the Hawaiian Government would like the
United States to send more war vessels to
Honolulu, and there has been some talk
favorable to this among naval officers, but
Secretary Long has not given considera
tion to the subject. Whether or not this
understanding is the result of official inti
mation from Hawaii was not ascertained,
but it was said the Hawaiian legation has
urged on Secretary Sherman the moral
effect the presence of ships would have on
the Japanese and the restraining influence
they would exert in preventing a spread of
dissensions said to exist against the Dole
Government.
News dispatches from Honolulu say
that Smith, Attorney-General, has re
turned from his visit to Washington.
Smith sounded the administration while
in this country, and ex-Minister Thurston,
who accompanied him. is still here as a
representative of his Government in the
interest of securing the annexation of the
islands. The McKinley administration is
known to be favorable to annexation, and
it is understood it is willing to negotiate
an annexation treaty just as soon as the
tariff bill is disposed of, but it uoes not
inteud to take any step to interfere with
the discussion oJ that measure in the
ben ale.
Nothing has been heard by the State
Department from Japan as to the
views and attitude of the United States
toward Hawaii, as indicated by sending
the cruiser Philadelphia to Honolulu
iiiter permission to land had been refused
Japanese immigrants.
The Japanese newspapers interpret this
action as a menace to their Government,
but it is said in official circles here that
so rue of the statements on the subject in tue
jre?s ot Japan are erroneous and a denial
is given to-day from an authoritative
source to the news item that the United
States Minister at Tokio has been carry
ing on telegraphic correspondence with
the State Department about l:;e Hawaiian
situation. It is also tfeuied that Great
Britain has intimated to this Government
it objects to the annexation of the isl
ands. Great Britain had an experience
in the past that showed the United States
does not brook anything savoring of
British control of Hawaii. What McKin
ley will do depends largely on the action
of Japan. If Japan gives way to popular
clamor for the dispatch of a fleet to
Hawaii the Philadelphia will be re-en
forcea by the American squadron.
This Government believes, however,
there is no crisis and depends on the
friendly feelings of the Japanese to bring
about a peaceful settlement of the present
difficulty. Secretary Long said to-night
the assignment of the Philadelphia was
made because the President recognized
that the Hawaiian question was liable to
attract the serious attention of the United
states in the event of trouble at Honoluiu,
and in view of the importance of peace in
the islands to the American residents and
their interests it was deemed advisable to
eend a farst-clas* ship there in addition to
the Marion, now on that station. Tnese
two ships, Long said, will be retained at
the islands indefinitely, but if found
necessary to recall either for repairsthe
Baltimore will be sent out at once in order
to give the United States two ships at
Honolulu at all times. Long does not be-
Jieve a necessity will ari«e to dispatch
other vessels from Mare Island, but if v
does he says there are several which can
be drawn upon at short notice.
FRIGHTFUL EARTHQUAKES.
All of the Leeward Islands Convulsed for
a Week— Hundreds of Lives Said
to Have Been Lost.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.— The
Herald's Kingston (Jamaica) special says:
News has just been recived of an awful
?enes of earthquakes throughout the chain
of Leeward Islands, causing a reported
Jo-sof hundred: of lives. All ths islan is
in the group arc sa:d to hare been affected.
Many buildings collapsed during the most
serious shock, which occurred yesterday
morning and lasted forty seconds. Mont
serrat. one- of the .^mailer islands, has
been the worst sufferer. The shocks be
gan last Friday, continuing throughout
the week. 2he inhabitants of the islands
ore In a stateof the wildest panic. Accom
panying the earthquake was a tidal wave
which, it is reported, wrecked many cralt.
to Jiriti-h iachtunen.
LONDON, Exo., April 30.— Field, dis
cussing the talk at a recent dinner of the
Royal Uistcr Yacht Club regarding a chal
lenge for the raco for the America's cup.
NEW TO-DAY.
Thii only gsnirns Hunyadi Water
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
Prescribed ami approved for 34 years by
all th«- medical authorities, for CONSTI-
PATION, DYSPEPSIA, TORPIDITY OF
THE LIVER, HEMORRHOIDS, as we. l
as for all kindred ailments resulting from
indiscretion in diet.
"The prototype of all Bitter Wat. rs." Lancet.
' 'Speedy, sure, gentle." li\ Utah MtdtcalJuurnal
CAUTION : See that the label
.bears the signature of the firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
says: It cortainly look 3as if a yacht of
some kind should be built for that pur
pose. We hope that after-dii.ner enthu
siasm wiil not override the judgment and
discretion which we have learned by ex
perience is necessary in challenging for
the cup.
LAVIGNE 1$ STILL CHAMPION.
Steps Eddie Connolly in Eleven Rcunds,
After the Hottest Battle He
Ever Fought.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30-George
Lavicne is stiil ihe undisputed iigntweight
champion of the world. In a glove fight
to-ni-ht, replete with interesting features,
he succeeded in stopping Eddie Connolly
of St. John, N. 8., in eleven rounds.
Unli&e several aspiring pugilists who
have confronted the champion In tbepast,
Connolly showed no inclination to sprint
around the rins >n an effort to stay
through the twenty-rive rounds, but stood
up like a man anxious to win or be de
cisively beaten. For the first four rounds
Connolly put up the hottest argument
ever experienced tv Lavigne. He out
boxed the fcaginaw wonder, punishing
him severely, and those ignorant of the
phenomena! strength and pugnacity of
Lavigne believed he would be compelled
to bite the dust.
Lavigne did not alter his well-known
methods a panicle. He never let up in
his vicious attacks until Connolly was
hopelessly beaten. Tne New Brunswick
man clearly demonstrated that he is a
very clever two-handed boxer and plucky
to a fault, for in ihe last rounii, when re
peatealy knocked down by wicked smashes
on tne jaw, he stubbornly refused to take
advantage of the usual time limit and
staggered quickly to his feet. Had he
used better judgment he would surely have
been able to continue when the bell for
the twelfth round rang, but even in such
an event he had absolutely no chance :o
win. This point was readily appreciated
by his seconds, who prevented his sustain
ing further injury by throwing up the
sponge.
Laviccne never fought better. He was
trained to the hour, possessed the strength
of a lion and put so much steam behind
his blows that it is a wonder how his op
ponent stood up so long. Laviene laughed
heartily as his friends cheered and tried
to grip his blood-stained gioves in hearty
congratulations. Connolly was heart
broken over his downfall, and when his
seconds pulled off his gloves he burst into
tears.
STAMFORD VS. BERKELEY.
Hew the College Teams W II Line Up for
the Baseball Ma eh To-
Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
30.— Stanford and Berkeley will settle the
university championship to-moFrow in
San Francisco. Each team has won one
victory and has practiced steadily since
the last game. It Berkeley wins it will
oe the first year she has ever won the
championship, while Stanford on the other
hand is just as anxious to maintain her
good standing on Hie baseb.ill diamond.
A hotly contested game is therefore as
sured.
Beckett, '00, will pitch for Stanford, and
he is now in excellent form. This is the
first year he has ever pitched for a team,
and his work shows much promise. Dur
ing the last few evenings of practice hejhas
pitched several good games. Jeffs, Strohn,
Thompson and Wight have also shown up
well in; practice.
Tne jiake-up of the two teams will be:
Stanford. Position. Berkeley.
Jeffs. . ..< Catcher ' Wheeler
Hick ; Pitcher Knars burp;
Freeman First base liennessy
Hirohn ....Second base Klston
Longheed Shortstop. HaclKreu
("!«■ mans. Third base K rug
Thompson Left field rosier
Wight Center field Hoag
Sharp. ltight field .Sykes
The second tennis contest between Scan
ford and Berkeley will be played to-mor
row on the California club courts. Mem
and Mageo are to represent the blue and
goid. Tne cardinal side is to be upheld
by Picber '98, Freeman '99, and possibly
McGilvray '99. The douules are scheduled
to come off in the moraine, and Freeman
and Picher- will form Stanford's team.
If three games instead of live determine
ibis contest, Freeman will also play in the
singles. The reason of this arrangement
is that the clever tennis player is needed
in the baseball game in the afternoon.
At any event Freeman will be given a
quantity of exercise that only a strong
man could endure.
"rARSOX" ' I>AYlE}>> CUA.L.LKSGE.
Ifillxng to I' adz Joe Choynski Againit
Sob J-xtzsimmons. '
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.— "Par- I
son" Davies evidently intends to secure j
a match with Fitzsimmons for Choynski
if possible. To-day Al Smith received a
check for $1000 from tne "Parson," drawn i
on a local bank, and the following com- {
munication: "Having lead a number of
articles in the daily papers to the effect
that Fitzsimmons, the champion heavy- j
weicht of the world, has recon- |
sidered his decision as to retiring Irom j
the ring, I inclo»« $1000 in support of the j
following challenge: 1 will match |
Choynski against Fitzsimmons tor $5000
a side and the heavy-weight champion
s-hip ol the world, the match to be under
Marquis of Queens-berry rules to a finish
bdfore the duo offering the largest purse.
1 would be pleased to meet the champion j
or his representative in New York about j
May 8, and if he will notify us we will j
meet him at any time and place he may |
name. I will then be prepared to sign I
articles and make a further deposit."
Davies writes if Choynski loses tlie con
test with Denver Smith the foreeoing
challenge will have to be declared null.
On the Ball field.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 30. — Phila
delphia 5, Brooklyn 2.
BALTIMORE, Me, April 30.— Baltimore 5,
New York 3.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.—Washing
ton :t, Kosion 3. ■
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 30.— Louisville 3,
Chicago 2.
BT. LOUJS, Mo., April 30.— St. Louis 4, Cleve
land 12.
HOMEXA-O' HHIEM SEUTi.
Thorough Sifting of Charge* and Coun-
trr-Ch.trgeM Vrdorett.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 30.— The War
Department has ordered the court-martial
investigating the charges against Captain
Romeyn continued indefinitely. The ex
act meaning of this order is unknown, but
there is a very general belief that the de
partment is growing weary of the scandals
emanating from its garrisons and will
make this investigation sufficiently thor
ough to discouiage any future repetition
ot them.
Colonel Porter, acting commandant,
when asked to-nieht who was going to be
tried through with Romeyn replied: "I
don't know. I have received charges of
various sorts and have lorwarded them to
my superiors. There seems little doubt
that one of the iirsi duties of the recon
vened court will be to iry Lieutenant
O'Brien on the counter-charges preferred
by Captain Romeyn."
These affect nearly the entire military
career of O Brien. The statute of limita
tion will bar tbe niott interesting portions
of O'Brien's experiences in Japan, where
he occupied the responsible post of ob
server-in-chief foi the army during the
war between Japan and China. The
charges against O'Brien, which are ad
mitted to come within the jurisdiction of
the court, narrate some lively episodes of
his l.fe since he came to Fort McPherson.
Am Mit.inlrr to Grrtc».
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— 1t ij
unofficially announced that the President
has decided td appoint Isaac F. Hopkins
of Georgia as Minister to Greece.
Slmmui O'Brien
Is splendidly criticized ia Newa Letter, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
FAILURE OF THE
EASTERN FRUITS
Jack Frost and Floods
Have Ruined the
Crops.
Peaches Will Be Very Scarce
in Delaware This
Year.
Now California Crowers Will Profit
by Sending Many Carloads
to the East.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.— The
damage to the fruit crop is the topic of
considerable correspondence among fruit
men here since reports of the freeze of
April 20 were received. The Fruitman's
Guide and Fruit Trade Journal will give
prominence to-morrow to a summary of
the reports from all parts of the country.
These and letters to merchants differ bo
greatly that conservative fruitmen re
fuse to hazard opinions yet on the actual
condition of the crop.
From Delaware a ruin of from 25 to 90
per cent of the crop is reported. Seaford,
Del., seems to have suffered most, one
report saying that all the blossoms in the
vicinity had been killed. It is conserva
tively estimated there will not be over a
quarter of a crop in Sussex County, Del.
E. L. Godsell estimates the loss in the
Ea«t at $2,000,000 and considers the year
will be similar to 1890, when he sold 500
carloads of California fruit here at the
averace price of $1400. The average since
then has been about $900.
According to the Fruit Trade Journal
the peach crop of Delaware ; for the last
four years has been: 1893, 4,082,0:82 bask
ets; 1894, 3.129,000; 1895, 2.100,000; 1896,
3,513,000. One estimate for 18Q7 is 1,500,000
baskets.
While tba new wool growth for the last
year was in many instances only from
four to six inches, many orchards had an
immense number of blossoms and were
able to stand considerable loss by frost.
The June fall of peaches must be consid
ered in all estimates of the crop, but there
is no way of predicting what it will be.
Aside from the freeze of April 'JO the
Georgia fruit crops have been killed by
the weather. The severe cold in Decem
ber caused considerable damage in New
England and Northern New York. Very
little damage has been reported vet in
New Jersey or along the Hudson Hiver,
and dealers are looking to these localities
for the season's supply. When the Jersey
crop failed last year Michigan sent about
a hundred carloads of fruit, and there are
so far fine prospects for a crop from that
State this year.
While especial stress is laid on the in
jury to peach orchards, all summer fruits
have suffered about alike. Early berry
blossoms, especially strawberries, are en
tirely destroyed. All early vegetables in
the zone of the freeze were cut down, but
many will come up again or be replaced
with later varieties.
CROPS IN CALIFORNIA.
Some Dropping of Fruit in Certain Lo
calities, but the Yield Will
Be Fair.
VISALIA, Cal., April 30.— Peaches
promise a heavy crop, except in a few
scattering places, where late frost 3 affected
them. A number of orcliardists are
thinning their peaches already. They
| will probably have the largest crop ever
gathered here. Apricots were pretty well
thinned out by the frosts. There will be
a light crop. Prunes were not injured by
the late frosts. An extremely heavy crop
is now in prospect. They are not dropping
in this locality as much as the orchardists
would like to see, except from the younger
j trees. Pears promise a heavy crop also.
They were uninjured by frost. There are
probably not fifty cherry trees in this dis
j trict, and that crop is not considered here.
I The Valley road wiil have hundreds of
I carloads of fruit to handle Urn season.
WILLOWS, Cal., April 30.— As far as
can tie ascertained, the cherry crop is good,
i Dut there are but few trees in each orchard
I in the county. The outlook for peaches is
! better than for several years past. The
! prune crop is much larger than that of
I lust year. The wind caused a few to drop
about ten da3 r s ago. Tbe prospects for
apricots is from fair to good. There will
be a heavy yield of pears, judging from
present indications. The dropping time
for pears has not yet arrived. On the
I whole, the fruit crop of Gienn County is
I quite promising.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 30.— 1t is too
I early vet to form an accurate estimate of
j tbe fruit crop, hut all indications point to
a bounteous vieJd of all kinds of fruit in
Santa Clara Valley this season, But little
fruit has dropped, and no serious damage
will result in this respect. Cherries set
weli; there has been no drop, and tbe
crop will be a big one. There will b« a
good yield of ppjehes. There is a heavy
blight on prunes, but it is now too early
to tell whether there will be any damage.
The trees were covered with blossoms,
and if the buds set well tnere will be an
immense crop. Apricots were not in
jured to any extent by the frost, and
promise to be very pood. Pears will be
more than an average crop.
LOS GAIOS, Cal., April 30.— Some
growers complain of cherries being light,
but, on the whole, prospects are lino for
good crops. They are not <l Topping much.
The peach crop is light. Of upricois there
will be a good crop of Moorparks, but
Blenheims an.i Royals light. The pear
trees will yield a full crop. Prunes will
be light — ess t an tbe usual crop. They
are dropping badly because of the warm
weather when they were in blossom.
However, the same complaint is heard
nearly every season, but the crop of
prunes often proves to be a fair one.
SONOMA, Cal, April 30.— Th« fruit
croj) ot the Sonoma Valley was badly
damaged by the north wind which pre
vailed last Saturday. Prunes suffered
most and are dropping off so fast as to
threaten the entire crop. Pear?, which a
week ago gave promise of an immense
yield, are also dropping, but to no great
exient. There will be a fair crop of
peaches and apricots. Apples and cher
ries giv* promise of an immense yield.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 30.— The
cast few week* have in a measure de
stroyed all hopes of a phenomenal fruit
yield in this section. Growers and dryers
of fruit who were sanguine of big cops a
month ago now appear dubious, but will
not admit a total or even a half failure.
An early frost nipped the opening buds
and caused some dropping, especially
among prunes. Then came three days of
a hot norther, scorching many of the
tender buds and whitening the ground
with blns?cms in exposed orchards. The
lack of rain — which, by th« way, is very
unusual in this county at this season — is
being felt severely. A light warm rain
within the next lew days would be worth
thousands of dollars. A summary on the
fruit crop gleaned from well-informed
orchardists shows that the peach crop is
light; prunes ;are dropping badly; pears
are a lair crop; cherries unaffected by
iroat or wind, »ud « wonderful crop is.
JAMES BROOKS, THE SANGER MANIAC , AND THE SCENES
OF HIS CRIME AND DEATH.
The tragedy near Sanger la->t Tuesday
night, in which James Brooks, mad will
love for the girl, made a desperate at
tempt to murder Miss Neoma Quails and
her mother in their home at night anc
then kill himself, is still uppermost in the
minds of the people of Fresno. The ter
rible resolution of the insane lover to take
life, and the manner in which he stolt
into the house, wher« the two defenseless
women were sleeping, and shot them,
supply an unusual chapter in the crimi
nal history of the county. His intended
victims will recover. It probably was for
tunate that the fiend ended his owe
career, for the neighbors of the Quail!
would surely have dispatched him in i
summary manner hart he lived.
In the accompanying illustration the up
per right-hand picture shows the Quails home. The door to tue ielt 13 tne one tnrougn wnicn me insane loon entered, ana :1113s
Quails' bedroom is immediately to the left of thi« it the corner of the main portion of the house.
In the lower illustration the ruins of the barn in which Brooks end^c bis life are shown. The barrel of his shotgun is lean
ng against the door, over tDe spot where the suicide's charred corpse was found.
looked for. Very few apricots are raised
here, ant of these the yield will be licht
HEALDSBURG, Cal.. April 30.-Up to
the past. few days indications were tine
fora splendid fruit crop,. but reports from
Dry Creek, Russian River and Alexander
valleys tend to show that prunes and
pears are dropping badly and wilj not be
over half a crop. Yield of freestone peaches j
promises well, but clings are licht. The '
cherry crop is the heaviest in years, In
the opinion of prominent orcharding the
drop is believed to have been caused by
the excessively warm weather.
WOODLAND, Cal.,. April 30.— The out
look now is that there will be. a heavy <
fruit crop, except apricots and almonds,
both of which were injured by the late
frosts. Peaches, prunes and pear- are
very promising. There are few cherry
trees in the county. There has been some
dropping, due to the north wind, but
most of the trees are overloaded and thin
nine out will be necssary.
VACAVILLE, Cal., April 30.— Cherries
are not dropping much.. The peach crop
is good, though a few of the early varie
ties are dropping. Prunes and plums are
dropping, prunes worse than the others.
The apricot crop is good and there is a
good pear crop. ' The dropping was caused
by the recent north winds.
SUISUN, Cal., April 30.— Apricots are
a short crop and the output of the valley
is estimated at twenty-five cars, against
forty last year. Pears", • peaches, prunet
and cherries will be a full ,crop. The tirss
car of cherries is expected to go East
about M«y 18.
HAYWARDS, Cal., April 30.— The ef
fect of the recent hot north wind was not
disastrous in this county because of the
very heavy crop of blossoms on all kinds
of fruit trees. The cherries dropped a
little, but there is still a splendid cron if
no further damage be experienced. The
peaches are in good condition, and a fair
crop isexpectel. Prune blossoms dropped
some, but there is yet a heavy.crop and a
bright prospect for ■ good yield. Apricots
dropped very little, and are still so thick
that it is found necessary to thin them out
since the hot wind. Pears suffered hardly
any, and there is still a heavy crop.
ifK.VAXO A.X ACCOU*ri.\Q.
Beir of the Late i.!rz-r front Bring
Action in Court.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 30.— Judge Hy
land to-day issued a citation directing
Mrs. Dora Frost Vinter and Mrs. Sarah
Wissman, ex»cutrices of the estate of the
late Elezer Frost, to appear in court on
May 11 to render an account or show
cause why they do not do so in the ad
ministration of the Frost estate. This
action was taken on petition of Mrs. Mary
Laederich and Mrs. Mary Taylor, daugh
ters of the testator. It is alleged in the
petition that the petitioners am intormed
and believe that Mrs. Frost Vinter, who
is the widow of Elezer Frost, and her hus
baud contemj)la;ed taking a journey E?st.
anl that an they have all tl.e papers per
taining to t lm administration of the estate
in their possession, their trip will tend to
prevent the rendering of an account.
No account has been rendered since last
July, and the petitioners are desirous that
an accounting should be made. The es
tate is valued at $125,000, and is divided
among about twonty-tive heirs.
*«•• Article* of Incorporation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 30.— The fine
property of Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth and
her sons, E. A. and J. 0, Hayes, has been
mereed into a corporation, and articles in
corporating the Hayes-Chynoweth Com
pany were riled with the County ClerK
to-day. The organization is capitalized at
$250,000 and is to exist fifty yeari. Its
ouject> are to engage in manufacturing,
nniiing, fruit-growing and a genera com
mercial businpss. The following directors
are named: E. A. Hayes, J. O. Haves,
Mrs. M. U. Cnynoweth, Mr*. M. B. Hayes
and C. L. Hayes, all of Edenvale.
Failed to Provide for Hi* Family.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Apri! 30.— Dan Bernal.
a bootbluck, was arrested to-day on a
charge of failure to provide the common
wants of life ior his wife and five-year-old
child. The complainant is his wife, No
ris&a Bernal. The woman says ncr nus
band has money in the bank and is amply
able to provide for them. Justice Dwyer
se; his trial for May 10. He wag released
on $100 bail.
Anderson Child Injured.
ANDERSON, Cal.. April 30.— The three
year-old daughter of J. T. Black, foreman
of the Anderson brickyard, was severely in
jured this afternoon by being cau :ht in
the tumble rod of a horsepower pump.
One of the child's arms was broKen in two
places an<l its entire body was badly
bruised. It is not believed that the child
was injured internally and it may re
cover.
Appointed by the Governor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 30.-Gov
craw Budd h»s aspointed Wiilium A.
Ryan of Los Angeles a member of the
Board of Commissioners of Building and
L 'an Associations.
STOCKTON EMBEZZLEMENT CASE.
Re/at/yes of Kleupfer, (he New Hope
Murderer and Suicide, Arrested
on a Serious Charge.
STOCKTON, Cat,., April 30.— Attorney
J. G. Swinnerton last evening swore to a
complaint drawn up by himself, charg
ing Alexander Kleupfer and his nephevr,
John Henry Kleupfer, wiih embezzle
ment. It was shown to District Attorney
Nutter, who after reading it told the
complaining lawyer that he was certainly
entitled to a complaint if the allegations
could be substantiated. Justice Parker
issued a warrant upon it, the instrument
was placed in the hands of Sheriff Cun
ningham, and no time was lost in carry
ing out its mandate.
The Sheriff of San Francisco was at
once tulepnoned to arrest Alexander
Kleupfer before he should start for his
home in Dakota, and the Sheriff of Ala
tneda County was also asked to apprehend
the nephew, whose home is in Alameda.
This morning Deputy Sheriff Black left
for the metropolis with the warrant, and
will return with the Kleupfers, who will
have to stand trial here on a serious
charge.
The alleged embezzlement grew out of
the attempt on the part cf the Kleupfers
to avoid paying Swinnerton his retainer
for the defense of Charles Francis
Kleupfer, the New Hope murderer and
suicide.
As has been stated in The Call before,
shortly before the day he hanged himself
Kleupfer gave his brother, Alexander
Kleupfer, an order for $2060, which was
on deposit in bank. The brother, after
the prisoner's death, claimed that the
money was an absolute eift, and he has
refused to pay Swinnerton the balance
claimed to be due him for ais services in
the case up to the time tnat Kleupfer
commuted suicide.
In the complaint Swinuerton alleges
that Alexander Kleupfer and his nephew,
John Henry Kleupfer, have willlully,
fraudulently and feloniously converted
to their own use the money which he
claims was due him as a retainer, and
whicn he alleges was given to the brother
in trust with the understanding that he
(the attorney) ftus to have been paid out
of the amount.
STAMFORD'S JUNIOR ANNUAL
The Fourth Voume Makes Its Appear
ance and P/eases the
Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
30. — The fourth volume of the Junior An
nual was received on the campus to-day
nnd is ready for distribution. The early
appearance of the book reflects great
credit on the energy of the management,
as all the previous volumes have required
at least two weeks more time for the col
lection of the vast amount of matter and
putting it into proper shape for publica
tion.
Taken as a whole it compares favorably
with the preceding annuals. Features
were made ol boih the art and literary
departments. The art wort was done by
Mis Has Harriet Morton, Liiiian Holly,
Theodora Holly, Fannie Mitchell, Lena
Brown, and ll.ti ie Hyde, t c staff artists,
and also by H. C. Aiien and Merle John
son.
In the liferary department the contri
bution of W. H. and W. A. Irwin, Miss
May Mevnck, Miss Comstock, M. John
hon and E. M. Hulaie have been favorably
com in on ted upon. There were more
"grinds" this year than usual, but aa a
rule all were eontl-natured.
The book is primed on a hijrh-grade
paper and greenish-black ink was used to
irive tone to the engravings. It contains
:J3O page?, including the advertisements
at the end. A more substantial cover has
been provided for the annual this year.
¥;.[}£ kew 10-DAT.
A Deficiency in
from any cause __ • . ,'";W-r
ii always very Hp^irt JkCt if\t\
dangerous. Dr. ■■^«" I •/"IA.LIUII
Miles' New System of Restorative Remediej
are accomplishing wonders in regulating the
heart action. For relieving that feeling of
choking mid smothering; shortness of the
breath, fluttering or palpitation, «e»k and
hungry spells, irregular or inteini tte ltpulse,
any or which are symptoms of r.eart disease.
py . .•! -There is but one sci-
Dr. Miles -icafS,',^
Book on the ■■ . .... g^
a&S Heart Cure
• BR. M US* USeicAL CO.. Elkharu lad, i
one of its beauties being that it cannot be
soiled so easily.
Although not recognized as a regular
holiday this year. Junior day was ob
served with the regular farce last night,
the appearance of the Annual to-day and
the junior hop this evening.
The hop, although not as well attended
as that of last year, was an enjoyable
affair. The programme consisted of
twenty numbers — two-steps and waltzes
alternating — besides the extras. Encina
gymnasium was handsomely decorated
and dancing continued until a late hour.
Light refreshments were served.
John I>. Sprßclcf.lt in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30. -John
D. Spreckels, son of Claus Spreckels, ar
rived to help the crusade for the abroga
tion of the Hawaiian treaty by means of
the Dingley bill provision.
HEW TO-DAT — CLOTHING.
The proprietors of the new store which 3
opens this morning at 104-106-108 Kearny g
? Street, believe that there is room in this city °j
g for a clothing store which will not claim to 3
£ be a public benefactor, but which will come 3
E out honestly and frankly and say that it is 3
g in business for money and that it cannot 3
§ sell goods below cost. SJ
E What do you think about it ? 3
•: The Golden Eagle is not going to shrink 3
g from describing frankly in its ads a part cot- 3
E ton or shoddy wool suit. There is a demand 3
for these goods and we must sell them. °j
£ But there is also a demand for Ai long staple 3
E wool goods, and when we say a garment is 3
g composed of this kind of wool we want °
E you to believe it — you're going to believe it o
i° too, if you watch us. °
0 This store is going to make a great fea- o
1 ture of hats. Hat prices are all too high in «
o this city. Notice what we have to say about o
° this later on. «
;S Drop in to-day and see an elegant new o
\% store full of spick-span new clothes direct %
o from the tailors' pressing iron. o
THE I
I GOLDEN EAGLE. I
1 04- 1 06- 1 08 Kearny St. Opp. White House
DIES FIGHTING FOR
HIS INDIAN WIFE
Fatal Combat Between
Pleasant Valley
Halfbreeds.
William George Worsted in a
Duel Fought in His
Tepee.
Resented an Attack Made Upon
His Squaw by a Visiting:
Buck.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., April 30.—
William George and Frank Tom, half
breed Indians, who live in Pleasant
! Valley, fought a duel to the death at an
early hour this morning near Glennbrook
Park, on the Nevaaa City road. George
was literally cvi to pieces by bis antago
nist, eight great gashes being found on
his body, together with a number of minor
cuts.
When Coroner Hocking visited the
scene of the tragedy this morning he
found the dead taalfbreed lying on the
; ground and beside the body was seated
I the widow, moaning and weeping
piteously. In broken English she told
the officer of the tragedy that had resulted
[in the death of her husband. They bad
: been camping for two weeks at thai place.
; Frank Tom and his wife visited their
camp last night and remained until this
morning. For some reason, which the
squaw could not make plain, Tom had
| attacked her this morning and began to
i belabor her as is the custom among the
j men of his tribe when the women do any
j thine which displeases them. George
j came to her assistance and the battle
! | began.
Tiie visiting halfbreed was armed with
; a bowie-knife and this he used with
i deadly effect on George, who had gone to
, the attack with a club as his only weapon.
The widowed squaw says that the battle
lasted fur over an hour, her husband keep
ing up the unequal contest until he fell ex
hausted from loss of blood, dying in a few
minutes. The nature and the number of
nis wounds are evidence that he put up a
most stubborn resistance, anfl the wonder
is that he could have continued the light
wounded as he was. Tom's knife had
twice penetrated his lungs, and tbere were
gashes in the abdomen and throat and
over the heart.
After the killing Tom and his wife re
mained at the carop until another Indian
came along and with him they departed.
This afternoon he was arrested by Under
Sheriff Nagle, Marshal Loehr, Constable
Townsend and \V. Woliord on Clipper
j Gap road, eleven miles from Grass Valley.
I He submitted to arrest quietly and was
brought to town and lodged in jail. The
prisoner is sullen and refuses to utter a
word concerning nis crime. Beyond a few
bruises, evidently inflicted with the club
in the hands of the other halfbreed, he
was not injured during the combat.
34
SANDERS AGAIN
FOUND GUILTY
The Forger Sentenced
to Fourteen Years
in Prison.
Judge Cook Expresses the Be
lief That He Murdered
Wo otto n.
One of the Witnesses for the De
fense Arrested on a Perjury
Charge.
FRESNO, Cm... April 30.— Frofessor W.
A. Sanders was found guilty ibis morning
on the charpe of ion»inj»William Wootton's
name to a $1400 draft, which he passed on
the Kutner-Gold^tein Company in this
city in February. 1894. Time for passing
sentence was waived, and at noon Judge
Carroll Cook, who has been presiding in
the trial, sentenced the defendant to four
teen years' imprisonment at San (Juentin.
Judge Cook created a sensation imme
diately after tne jury had retired to de
liberate by ordering the Sheriff to take
into custody Dr. G. B. Mclntosb, the
handwriting expert who testilied in behalf
or the defense, on a charge of perjury.
The court ordered his bail fixed at $5000,
and the doctor was taken to jail, where
he is now confined. Judge Cook stated
plainly that he Delieved the fiftieth stub
in the draftbook, to which great import
ance was attached in the case, had been
inserted by Mclntosh, and that wnile on
the stand the expert had testified falsely
as to his "discovery" of the ?tub.
Court convened in tbe morning at 8
o'clock, and the reading of his instruc
tions to the jury by the Judsje occupied
an hour's time. Judge, attorneys and
defendant all remained in the courtroom,
which was packed with spectators- Mrs.
Sanders was present, sitting a snort dis
tance from her husband. She seemed to
feel her position keenly, but the man
whose fate was in the balance maintained
the same stolid expression which has
characterized him in all the ordeals he
has passed through in the case. The de
fendant moved his chair closei to his wife
and whispered a few words to ner. The
attorneys chatted among themselves, but
every one was plainly affected by the dra
matic situation.
The minutes wore on, and each added
its grain ot hope, however slight, to the
defendant. He was expecting a disagree
ment of the jury, and trie longer it re
luained out the better indication it was
that his nope would be realized.
But at five minutes to 10 o'clock there
was a sharp rap at the door of the jury
room. In an instant al! was hushed.
Ttie defendant leaned forward a little in
his anxiety, and clo3eiy watched the
baiiiff unlock the door and talk 10 the
foreman. For the tirsi time Hie expres
sion on Sanders' face changed when the
verdict was announced, and ior a moment
he was discouraged. He and his wife
emoraced each other, and they bo'.h gave
way to icars. The painful situation lasted
only a few minutes, and theu Judge Coot:
discLarged the jury. Judge Cook fixed
the hour of noou as the time for passing
sentence.
At 12 o'clock court convened, and At
torney Phort, for the defense, made a
iormal motion for a new trial, to preserve
his rights Is the event of an appeal. It
was denied, and Judge Cook then ordered
Mr. Sanders to stand up. Coming from
the court, who is regarded as one of the
leading criminal lawyers in the Slate, the
remarks of Judae Cook to the defendant
are very interesting. The eminent jurist
expressed some important views in tne
celebrated case. He spoke as follows :
"Mr. Sanders, the duty of pronouncing
sentence in this case on one of your age
and one of your former standing m the
communiij' and of your reputed educa
tion and knowledge of matters iv general —
ihe position which you have hela in the
past in this .community of recognized
ability — is certainly a painful duty to any
Judge, particularly so to me now. This
case, I believe, cannot find i".s parallel in
history. In my whole experience at the
bar, oi over twenty years, and in ray whole
reading, i cannot recall ever having met
v.-ith or read of a case as strange in all its
details as this one. Certainly, if yon are
not guii;y of the crime w.th wtiich you are
charged, and in connection with fiat
crime of tne murder of William Wootto:) —
becaufee the one really carries ibe oiher
with it— you are the victim of the most
pecu:iar and terrible chain of circum
stances that any man ever was the vic
tim o .
"Two juries have concluded that you
were guilty. Before one of tliese juries
there was certain evidence offered that
was not admitted on your behalf. That
has been admitted here, but this jury
now, even witn that evidence admitted,
agrees with the tirst jury, and the jurors
are the sole judges as to the facts. What
ever verdict a jury may render as to a fact
settles the fact so far as the court is con
cerned. The court will look only to the
Verdict, and from that verdirt this jury
says that you are iruilty of this forgery,
and being i mlty of the forgery, certainly
William Wootton must nave been dead,
and the jury must have so found. Under
tne rules of iaw a prosecution for the mur
der of William Wootton is rot permitted,
because the corpus delicti could not be
proven, but in re;ility there is the crime
of murder connected with the crime of
which you stand convicted. Also, in evi
dence here tlire lias he-iti evidence rela
tive to several oilier forgeries of deeds, all
of whicn, if you were pro3ecutei for them
(if this one is a forgery they certainly
are), would require a most severe sen
tence—in fact, to the charge of mur.ier it
unquestionably would be capital punish
ment.
"But I am not permitted in passing
sentence in this case to take into con
sideration other ciimes that may have
been developed here. The evidence as to
those other crimes was admitted not for
the purpose of proving the guilt of those
Crimes, but merely for the purpose of
establishing your guilt of this crime, and
although you may have been guilty ot
murder and of twenty forgeries, you may
not have been convicted of those, and, of
course, they can form no part of this sen
tence.
"It is to me a most perplexing case
throughout, and it hardly seems to me
that any man who has a moral mind
could have thought out or concocted ti.o
schemes and the acts which nave boon
proven here and which the jury have
found you committed. 1 am satisfied in
this case if I should impose less than the
full penalty I would not be performing
my duty.
"The judement of the law and the sen
tence of the court is tha: you, W. A.
Banders, for the crime of forgery, of which
you have been convicted, l>e imprisoned
in the State prison of this State, at San
Quentin, llarin County, Stato of Cali
fornia, for the period of fourteen years.' 1
Professor Sanders did not expect such a
severe sentence — he limit of the law. He
thought that the court would give him
about eight years, deducting the two
years he has been in jail since be was sen
tsneed to ten years' imprisonment when
convicted on his second trial. When seen
at Jhe jail Hr-'A Call correspondent this
a ternoon he appeared very much per
turbed. He was pacing the corridor be
tween the rows of cells in a very im
patient manner. When called to the
grating and asked if he would appeal his
ca^etotlle Supreme Court again he said
he did not think ho would.
"My health is broken down," he con
tinued, "and 1 could not live through
another two years pending an appeal in
tiiis j.iil. I would die in jail anyway and
I had better po to San Quentin, where the
quarters are more comfortable and health
ful. All I wish to say at this time is that
lam innocent and that tne verdict is a
great injustice."
The prisoner then excused himself from
further conversation. In a moment he
returned and said he would write a few
words on the matter "nearest bid heart"
for publication if desired. Upon being
answered in the affirmative he went to his
cell and wrote the following on a slip of
paper, which he handed to the newspaper
man :
The only groat matter of solicitude in my
present overwhelming trouble is that my chil
dren may lead pure, upright, honorable lives
—such lives es I have always taught them by
precept and exßmple. As to myself, no dis
grace or punishment can rob me of my nenseof
innocence and o I my abiding faith iv God and
time anil truth to establish that innocence to
the world. W. JISaXBBM.
It was after the jury entered their room
for deliberation that Judge Cook ordered
Dr. Mclntosh arrested for committinc
perjury. The point on which the court
said the doctor had testified falsely was in
regard to his "discovery" of the fiftieth
stub from which the lorged draft was
torn. This book was found in Sanders'
desk at his ranch snortly after his arrest.
Sheriff Scott and Deputy Peck and mem
bers of the Grand Jury which indicted
the professor counted the blanks carefully
and found only forty-nine, or one less
than mere are usually in such books.
This was an important point for the prose
cution, as it contended that tiie missing
blank was the one on which the forged
draft was written. Dr. Mclntosh had the
book in his hands and after this a stub
was found in the center of the book, mak
ing the fiftieth. Ke knew that the prose
cution was after him, and so to shield
himself i>e volunteered the statement in
court the other day that he had seen that
"hidden stub while a witness was turn
ing the leaves. This was before he was
intrusted with the book.
Mclntosh swore against the record. Be
sides this Judge Cook ventured the opin
ion that Mclntosh inserted the stub, the
book showing indications of having been
altered.
Dr. Mclnto«h formerly conducted a
commercial school in Fresno, and beine
well known his summary arrest has
caused quite a sensation.
RAILWAY XO 810 BCG JHIXBS.
Santa Fe Company to Extend a Branch
from I'rtscott.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., April 30.— President
Frank M. Murphy of the Santa Fe, Pres
cott and Phcenix Railway has formally
announced that his company has in view
the construction of a standard-gauge rail
way lrom this point to the Big Bug min
ing district, twenty-rive miles south. This
imporiant announcement is believed to
be sufficient to secure the establishment of
a smelter in this city. This project has
hung fire only through the lack of facili
ties for transporting the rich ores of the
southern mountains.
The district to be tapped is one of the
richest in Arizona, with hundreds ot well
developed mines of gold, silver ana cop
per. The gold ores are mainly found in
refractory form, necessitating smelting or
concentrating. The Southern Pac fie Com
pany has made a survey from Phoenix to
Big Bug, and at one time it had gathered
ai Pii'-r.iix a large amount of material,
ready for beginning construction. The
distance from Phcenix is about eighty
miles.
The Prescott Chamber of Commerce has
taken hoid of Mr. Kelly's proposiiion with
a good deal of energy, and substantial in
ducements will be offered by the business
men of the city to secure the early con
struction of the road.
Drowned ."Sear Raker City.
BAKER CITY, Or , April 30.--A. report
was brought in from Sumpter that John
Farnum, a Cornish miner, aged about 35,
while crossing Powder River on his way
to the Bonanza mine, was drowned in
the swiit current. The siream at that
place i* ten feet deep, and the bridge was
recently washed away. There are certain
circumstances tending to the belief that
he was thrown into the river with mur
derous intent.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E S Wynne, Xew Ycrk G B McLean, Hanford
1: Ml.lor. Stockton X Brandtsta, Stockton
W W Foote, Ualcluud F J lioStt, Uaklaud
Dr L M Powers, Ls Ang F O Wyman. Los Angeles
J C Colt-inau, iiilwauke Mrs Wj man. Ls Aueeles
Miss Colcmati . Mllwaok. MrsC'oleman. Milwaukee
Wde t ore. Milwaukee Mrs PR .s Ichols, Ofsden
Mrs F llerr;ngton, Osdn Mrs W A Cbevais, Ogden
Mr« M E Wainer, Masj X A Freeman Jackson
Mrs C Lyon, Detroit Miss Lyon. Detroit
Miss Eva J.yon, Detroit A W Wenirk. Lower Lke
C X HoMsler, C ourtland J C Ferreil, Urasg Valley
W II .Sherman «fe wf, Cal P Spires, Eo3ton
H v\' Hal!, Folsom G L MRhou. Fort Jones
J D Bradley. Merced 11 Malloch, Marysville
F M»ttiKon, Santa Cruz X H (iriggs, Stanford
Mrs J H smii), i-nJo c G II sili. -almas
.1 s Drake, Angels a W X ncaid, California
X IHiikeispiel, suisun W X Smith. Xapa
W J j;d;|i>, Chicaso A Eagle * wf, Chicago
C A Wtiittemore, Portld II P make, btrawberrj
P Allen, i'alit'orala Valley
L Coates. Napa P Kenny, Los Ang
Dr E w Charles, Cal I) Hope, sail Jose
J Goldman, Merced C A houewell Jr. Cal
V Hope, An;els B F Walton, Mutter Co
c V VitHii. lieiwood Clt PJoljiiston. Angels
T M Cuun-li. P.dwood Ct U Major, El i-aso
Dv Vti West. Cal t J i-.i iers, Kdwood City
C JI Boi^-e. P.dwood City \V H Wiggins. >1 Paso
H li Stevens, El Paso H Jv Dav.s, lledn ood City
D T Mr.lier, Watsonvlle X X Cnase, San Jose
G II Bailey, Nev City E H Dyer, Alvarado
A Manasse, Na^a N B sc'ofieid, Pa o Alto
A JI Bayliss, Fort Jones G X Cans, Stockton
C Ji Weutt- & w, ("al C W 7 Garrard, Angels Cp
W C Good, Sia iuisa Miss Good, bta Uosa
PALACE riOTKL.
jII C Campy, ButM II B Vereve, London .
Mmc .Mo'jiitford,Jenistni F Fischer. USA
I II Jlcnsliaw.Hur.iiigame Col Trevelyan, Fresno
! FCornelisou, Chicago i\V Kinsman, N V
• Mrs Uarland.Los ABg Mrs Underbill, Chicago
! Mrs Hail-day, NY J Jl Coslelio, .\ V
j X A (Julia, Kuieka <" Alischu:, Guatemala
J X Davis, Jackson M McDonnell, St Louis
iJ il .McDonnell. Louis C W Fielding, Keiwick
! L 'i' Wright, Koswick TB llickev, Carson
j M Tlncll, Stockton J W Kern, Indianapolis
Mrs Terrell, -tockton J Ker;i, lnclianapoila
! J W Dlss Ac w.Kedlandi A H Townsend, N V
! A Kirbi-. USX L Sailer, N V
i I- C John. >' V W Parian, X V
| TJ Field, Monterey L 1 -woman. Stanford
| Miss Kiordan, San Jose G B Chapman, Minn
j B \V Totter, Los Angeles 11 Jacubi, Denver
. H Lewis. -N V O Verdi* r <fe c. Paris
I G Moritn. V V Mrs Morun, N V
0 Dunham, 111 Mis 1-oster 111.
W Fght-r, 111 J Brenner, Sacto
Mrs Dunham. II! F V." Kush, StanforJ
A 1" smith, Los An? G M Eook, U S >'
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
G Leonard. Denver \V F Abbott, Cherokee
>iiss L Summers. Seattle Mls3 G Watner, Seattle
; B F Georsedtw. Portland Mrs II Brown, Keswick
Miss -v) Fech. Stockton F G Miller, lied wood
j J Johnsonian. liedwood J Andersouiw. Kedwood
JJ l aylor. Eureka • J waudei.s. Kure..a
.1 H I'.tyuv. Kandsburg O W MX, KeiidiDjf
P Reynolds, Heaidsuurg A O Nelson. West Point
T C Miller, Los Angeles C Herbert &w, Wash
Mrs X A Newton, Colo Mrs Si McKweu. Xebr
J H O'Brien, Rpbles T F Moran. Sebr
(i Pierce, Placerville W Wilkinson, Placerville
J C Peterson, Plucerville J C P.airon & vv, Chicago
Miss Waketield, Seattle G LauKion. Chicago
LICK HOUSK.
IT P Stabler, Yuba City WII McMinn. San Jose
.1 ¥ Peck, Merced . H J- Greer. Turlock
J H Dare, Fresno Mrs Levy, Half moon Bay
li W Kice, San Micitel Mi^s Levy, Hal lmconßay
X L hmitb, Yub» City i,V.%i (iitnbel. Yuba City
! Miss Ketchet.Ynba City DrHimp>on, Sun Jose
1 r A Jordan. Cal J Ballard. (laremo.it.
JT 8 Dickens <fe wf. Cal it p Hurtbut, i_al
IM. Ueynem»nn, Bericly ¥ Campbell, Oakland
J Rogers, Mann Co I Ixl Kvan*, Los Angeles
J Leahv, I'etaluma Mrs C \* bite, i-.ureka
L S Calkins, Vir City A 11hic<t, Fresno
• 'i Albion, Fresno l)r a Gardner, Napa
cL La Kue.YouutviUe G A Bloss, At water
Mrs Posey & cd. Clayton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Todd, Sac:o M i His. Oakland
J D Ma -,:i.-r«o;i. Oakland \V H Hartley <fc wf. Cal
A Kan.isb. Los Angeles X J Hoclcstrulm, Cal
Q \V ten berg er, Cal H C Uchtenbenrer, c*l
W C Pavey, London o * W Uedpath £wt Mas«
Dr 11 A Forresl, H Cruz Mrs J X \v eath»rford. Or
II B HoiT. Kan L Oblspo H i;os«>ntfcat. Md „
J 6ory, Sau Jose i o ¥ D Col^i, Stockton
X J Card well, L Angeles X V,' Hale & w, tacto
F Fink, Grldsey . C Kosy Willows
C Brannan, Sacto V A Klchcrd, N V. o
G Abbott, NJ _ j .' B Miller. Vailfjo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
L Heavy A. w, Eeoicia ; j Marry, Benlcia
Mrs iamith&dau.Benlcia W Smith, New York °
11 HawMn3.PMl»aelphla L He.vy & w. I'hila
G McNichols <£ w, lowa WA Henderson, Portl'nd
P. T Laurou,Vacaville W Wilkes, Wooster o
'1 Morgan, Alameda T B Foibes. Denver .
W H Dunn, Oakland H « Williams, New York
X Sullivan, Benicla "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY I, 1897.
INDUSTRIAL ARMY
MADE TO DISBAND
Prompt Action Taken by
Officers of Yolo
County.
Drive Leffingwell's Men From
a Train Which They Had
Boarded.
The Idlers Divided Into Squads and
Dispersed In Different
Directions.
WOODLAND, Cat.., April 30.— The In
dustrial Army, beaded by "General" Wil
liam Leffingwell. which struck camp near
Davisville on Wednesday, boarded the
northbound freight train at Davisville
this morning and announced its intention
of riding to this city. The train crew made
an effort to eject the men, but without suc
cess. Special Ofhcer Ahem of Sacramento
was dispatched to the scene. Sheriff
Griflin was notified and immediately sum
moned all his deputies and the local offi
cers to the depot awaiting the arrival of a
special train to carry them to Davisville.
la the meantime Officer Ahem organized
the train crew and constables into a posse.
The Oroville freight train, goinz in the
same direction, was soon due and Detec
tive Ahem did not want to fight for the
possession of both trains. He did not
disturb the Industrials until No. 31 had
had pulled out of the station and was well
on its way to Woodland.
The posse then began operations. A
big fellow, whose name was not given, as
sumed the leadership of Leffing well's
army, and was inclined to be obstinate.
He weighs about 300 pounds, and boasts
of having at oue time been a policeman
in Rhode Island. Officer Ahem took him
by tbe collar and ordered mm to get off
the train. After some hesitation he
obeyed, and the iest was easy. His fol
lowers speedily followed his example.
They lined up along the road, but allowed
the train to pull out without fuither mo
lestation. The army then returned to
camp, and notified the railroad men that
they would board the next train and ride
at all hazards.
A hern came to Woodland on a special,
and returned to Davisvilla with Sheriff
Griffin and his men. They held a parley
with the industrials, and informed them
that they must obey the Jaw. They
would be transported from Davisville by
ttse railroad company to different places
in squad", but could not leave in a body.
Leffingwell and his lieutenant, Cor
bett, were sent to San Francisco. His fol
lowers, left without leaders and fright
ened by the determined stand taken by
the officers, accepted the proposition, and
are now dispersing. They were supplied
with provisions to last until they could be
transported.
For awhile it was feared that the army
would resist and that a serious right be
tween them and the officers would ensue.
Some of the army offered resistance, but
were quickly squelched.
This afternoon Sheriff Griffin, who is on
the spot, held another parley with the men
and read them a lecture, saying they must
leave as urged and unless they did so force
would be used to disband them. Every
train now carries from eight to ten of the
army and many are leaving afoot, going
la different directions. Most of the men
are well dressed and do not look like ordi-
nary tramps, yet a number of convicts,
who are known by the officers, are in the
ranks of the army.
lOVR APPOIJSTMKSIS MADE,
Governor Budd Itittributea Several State
foiitiona.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 30 -Gover
nor Budd has appointed the following
additional members of the Auditing Board
to the Commissioner of Public Works:
John Markley, secretary of the State Board
of Examiners, and Gillis Doty and T. B.
Hall of Sacramento County. They,
together with J. Corcoran and G. W. Tat
terson of San Joaquin, constitute the en
tire board.
The Governor has appointed Abbot
Kinney of Los Angeles a membei of the
Yosemite Valley Commission, vice H. K.
Field, term expired. Kinney was nomi
nated by the Governor during the last ses
sion of the Legislature as a trustee of the
Whittier Sta!* School, but the Senate
refused to confirm the nomination on the
ground, it was claimed, that he had an
tagonized the members of the Legislature
in the Los Angeles Herald during the
session.
SAXIA RUtSA PIOXBER'a HEAIB.
Captain H\ .if. Horan, an Argonaut of
'/.''. Paaxet to the Rcyond.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 30.— Captain
W. M. Doran, a pioneer of this county,
died in this city to-day.
Captain Dovan was born in Tennessee
seventy-four years ago and came to this
State in 1849. He engaged in mining in
Amador and Placer counties with great
success until 1856, and from that data
until 1864 was a resident of San Francisco.
He then purchased a tract of land near
Bodega and for twenty years conduc ed
one of the largest and most profitable
dairies on the coast.
For the Dast twelve yearg Mr. Doran re
sided in Santa Rosa, for years serving as
City Councilman. A widow and three
grown children mourn his loss, in com
mon with hundreds of citizens of Califor
nia. He will be buried under Masonic
auspices at Sebnstopo! on Sunday.
FELTj FROM. r>os CABEZAB FEAR
Itaring Mountain - Climber loim .His
l.i/r in Arizona.
BOWIE STATION, Ariz., April 30.—
One of the most daring feats of mountain
climbing ever undertaken was that which
caused the deatn of Tully Dj Long in the
Chiricahua Mountains last week. He
started to reach the summit of Dos Cabe
zas peak. After two days of searching
his body was found at the bottom of a
gully perhaps a thousand feet below the
peak. He was the 20-year-old son of Hon.
ti. R. D.> Lone, of Tucson.
Even tho Apaches and trained moun
taineers shudder at the thought of under
taking sucii a perilous feat, lor Dos Cabe
zas peat rises almost perpendicular from
the tab c lands. Tne lad must tiave b?en
within a few hundred feet of the summit
when he lost his footing and fell into a
side gully, striking bis bead on the stones.
C A VTVHt.It 4 T ITTCSOS.
Arrest of an Insane Murderer Who Et-
ctpett front Stockton.
PHCESIX, Akiz., April 30— Antonio
Vital, a lunatic, who is under sentence of
death lor murder in Santa Barbara
County, California, has been located at
Tucson. This morning Deputy Sheriffs
W. H. Lorenzo and J. H. Strouf arrived
from Santa Barbara and procured extra
diiion papers and in the evening started
ior Tucson.
Vital was committed for murder several
years ago, and while awaiting execution
lie fft! cranted a trial befora the Insanity
Commissioners of Santa Barbara County,
with the result that he was committed to
Stockton. About two years ago he es
caped from the asylum and his where
abouts remained a" mystery until a few
days aj;o. when he was located at Tucson.
He is in jail there awaiting the arrival of
the Sheriff's men.
VICTORIA QUARANTINE RIOT.
Cab n Passengers of the Empress of
China Objsct to Fumigation — Dip
lomatic Negotiaticns.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 30.— When the
Canadian Pacific Railway steamer Em
press of China arrived Tr.es lay and went
into quarantine at William Head because
two cases of smallpox were on board not
much was thought of it, though of course
it was very inconvenient for passengers
having to remain in quarantine for four
teen days— for those were the orders of
Dr. Watt, quarantine officer, on account
of smallpox having resulted from allow
ing the Northern Pacific liner Victoria to
go some months ago before her full time
was up.
There are 140 cabin passengers and 600
Chinese aboard, and when the steerage
passengers were tatcen ashore, stripped
and disinfected with a disagreeable smell
ing bath and their clothes taken from
them and baked, it was ail risht. But
when the quarantine officials approached
the cabin passengers yesterday and po
litely said, "Your turn next," there was
wrath and indignation from the knicker
bockered Londoners who protested against
the audacity of the impudent colonials in
daring to offer to bathe a real live Eng
lishman. They even indulged in threats
of resistance, with the result that twenty
rive men armed with Winchesters are now
guarding the station.
Not only this, but there is aboard his
Excellency Cnang, Embassador from
China to represent the Emperor at the
diamond jubilee in LonJon. He is ac
companied by a large suite of gorgeously
attired Chinese, and they, like their
countrymen, do not understand Western
ways, and look with hoiror and disdain
on an attempt to put the Emperor of
China by proxy under fumigation. Hisf
Excellency has refused pointblank to un- '
dergo fumigation, and not only has the
Dominion Government been appealed to,
but Lord Salisbury and the Chinese rep
resentative in London have been wired to.
Chang says he will go back to China
without proceeding to London, though in
that case he is likely to lose his head for
oibobeykig his orders from the Emperor,
and says furthermore tuat if a hand is
laid on him it means trouble between
Great Britain and China, as the person of
an embassador is sacred.
Things are in statu quo at present,
awaiting orders from the Federal authori
ties at Ottawa. Owing to the large num
ber of passengers on the steamer the ac
commodations at the quarantine station
are madrquate, and with so many women
and children the passengers protest that
coming ashore and living in rough sheds
lor several days will be dangerous to their
health. This station :s in process of en
largement to meet such cases, but it will
take a few months to do so.
SPOKANE MONGOL HANGED.
Chin Pan Suffers the Death Penalty for
the Klimg of One of His Coun
trymen.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 30.— Chin Pon
was hanged here to-Uay for the murder of
his partner, Lee Tong, on March 13, 189 d.
Lee Tong and Chin lon were Iriends, be
longing to the same society and living in
adjoining rooms in a Chinese tenement
on First avenue. They quarreled and en
gaged in a fu-ht, in which Lee caressed
Chin's head with an iron bar. Chin was
possessed of a marvelous constitution or
he would have been a dead man. He did
his share of the beating at the time, and
Lee was also laid up in the hospital.
Both served terms in the County Jai!.
On the day of their release they left the
jail separately, but met in t ho tenement
where they roomed. Chi 1 rushed for Lee,
but the latter took refuge in bis room.
He was afraid to venture out for a time,
but finally took courage and left his room
with a bucket to go for same water. Chin
was waiting- tor him and at once attacked
him. He forced Lne back into the room,
beat him unmercifully and then left i.im
for an instant, lie returned shortly with
two hatchets, and with these he attacked
his enemy. Later the Coroner had diffi
culty in getting enough remains together
to hold an inquest on.
BLAME FOR A I'OUILAM) WUECK.
Coroner's Jury Verdict on the Mleetrio-
Car Catastrophe.
PORTLAND. Ob., April 30.— The Cor
oner's inquest over the bodies of those
killed in the East siae streetcar accident
resulted in the following verdict:
"It is our opinion that the axle on said
car was broken ar the reverse curve, a short
distance east of where the said car left the
track, thereby weakening the brakes on
the front truck to such an extent that the
car with the momantum acquired by it
coming down the grade irom ha it Twelfth
street was beyond control."
The consensus of opinion is that this
would not have happened had not the car
been run down the incline at more than
double the speed allowed under the city
ordinance.
'Jlif Uniltoa]/ to Kandsburg,
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. April 3a— Work
on the railroad irotu Kramer to Rands
burg will commence, probably, by the end
of next week. This wili form the cheapest
bit of railway construction in the State,
as there is little grading to be done, no
rock work and the soil is readily handled.
It is estimated that the entire twenty
seven miles can be built and equipped
with two locomotives, two passenger
conches and six Ireightcars at a total cost
of $87,000, making it ail ready for traffic.
Trams will be operated to tlte camp, it is
thought, by the Ist of August.
Killed on an Kterett lHamond.
EVERETT, Wash.. April 30.— Charles
Broderick, 14 years old, was playins base
ball yesterday with other lads of his own
ago, and was acting as catcher behind the
butsinan. Tfae.iatter, in striking at the
ball, jerfced the bat back to add force to
the forward movement, and in so doing
struck youns Broderick with the point of
tne bat just below the knee. It must
liHve touched a sensitive nerve, and for a
fey.- moments Bioderick seemed paralyzed.
After lying on the grass a little while he
was able to limp homeward, but he died a
few hours later.
Feirfitl Ihjnninitc Explosion,
PANAMA, Colombia, April 30.— 1t is
reported that a dynamite explosion at
San Salvador destroyed two entire blocks.
Many lives aro believed to have been lost.
Jleturn of the Pretident.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.—Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley, accompanied by
Senator Hanna and Secretary Porter,
arrived from New York Thursday after
noor..
Alamrda Artist Win* J-Usl Xftntion. '■„
NEW YORK, N. V., April 30.-Edward
Holmes, Alafheda, Cal., won first men
tion in itje F>ne Arts Society junior prize
competition for architectural uesigns.
Commander -Hull&n'n Cate.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 30.— N0
decision in the Alullan case will be ren
dered for a week or two. Mullan's attor
neys have not yet completed their brief to
rile with the Secretary.
NATIVES DEPART FROM REDWOOD
Bear With Them Happy
Remembrances of
Their Stay.
No Feeling Engendered by the
Contests for Grand Parlor
Offices.
Both of the Leading Candidates
for Orator Given Places
of Honor.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 30.— The
delegates to the Grand Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West, left this oity for
their respective homes on the forenoon
train to-day.
The banquet, which began at 11 o'clock
last night, did not end until an early hour
this morning. Judge John F. Davis, in re
sponding to the toast "Our Flags/ elo
quently described the heroism of Ameri
can sailors in the great Samoan hurricane,
and made special reference to the conduct
of the noble sailors of the Trenton. Toe
audience was somewhat surprised at a
sudden common and great applause in the
band. An explanation followed, when the
fact was disclosed that one of the musi
cians in Roncovieri's band was aboard the
Trenton during the great gale.
Tne delegates aeparted from the city
well satisfied with the work of the ses
sion. No bitter feuda remain to be ad
justed or fought over at the next Grand
Parlor. The contest for grand orator,
which at one time did threaten to engen
der some feeling, was happily settled by
the election of Frank L. Coombs as chair
man of the board of grand trustees, leav
ing no one to oppose Judge Rust,, and th 3
latter was unanimously elected orator.
In electing Mr. Coombs trustee by ac
clamation the Grand Parlor paid a high
compliment to the Native Son from Napa.
The newly elected officers are:
Grand president, George D. Clark, San
Francisco; grand vice-president, W. M.
Conley, Madera; grand second vice-presi
dent, Frank Mattisou, Banta Cruz: grand
treasurer, Henry S. Martin (re-elected);
grand secretary, .Henry Lunstedt (re
elected); grand orator. Judge R. C. Rust,
Amador; grand mar-rial, C. O. Dnnbar,
Santa Rosa; grand inside sentinel, Joseph.
D. Morns; grand outside sentinel, J. J.
McMahon. Grand trustees— Frank L.
Coombs, L. F. Byington, Joseph Hawkins,
F. Sabichi. F. A. Cutler, H. R. McNoble
and Guy P. Hull.
The Key
la the European question in News Letter. •
Mr. Clement is Missing.
Mrs. Clemens called at the office of the Chief
of Police last night and requested the police
officials to wire to San Joso and locate her hus
band. She and tne missing man live in that
city. They came to San Francisco a. few days
ago. and yesterday he vanished. She thought
that he bad deserted her.
Mrs. Clemens said lurther that she was
afraid that her husband had returned to San
Jose and would sell out the lumiture of tbeir
home in that city. She wanted it prevented,
but the police authorities informed her that
they could not Interfere.
Tie Mysterious Echo
Don't ever get weak, for if you do
you may be the victim of the Myste-
rious Echo. . There is a certain class
of men who begin by having ringing
sounds in the ears. This is followed
by peculiar noises in the head, and
then comes the Mysterious Echo.
This echo is unlike the mountain
echo, " for the noise is entirely
changed. Men who have lived lives
of recklessness, of dissipation or of
abuse soon find themselves in a con-
dition of ■ weakness that \is indeed
horrible. Besides the noises in the
head, the spots before the eyes, the
steam-like vapor that goes through
; the body, the sweats of night, the
lost unmanly visions, and the first
break of day brings this poor fellow
to his senses. He realizes at last
that having misused himself, he has
wrecked his manhood.
To such men a reliable treatment is
offered by the greatest known doc-
' tors. This treatment cures all those
conditions which ultimately lead to
complete failure of manhood, to -
premature conditions, to impotency.
HUDYAN is a great remedy-treat-
ment, V and it will do for you just
what you want. You should consult
the Hudson Medical Doctors about
HUDYAN. No one else can give
. you HUDYAN, or you may write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute
Fills, Stockton and Market Sfcs.
BLOOD POISON— The first, second-
BLOOD POISON— ary or tertiary
BLOOD POlSON— forms of Blood
BLOOD POlSON— Poison is shown
BLOOD POISON— in copper-colored
BLOOD POISON— falling
BLOOD POISON— etc.
When in this condition let the Hudson
Doctors use their 30- Day Cure. It is
certain. Circulars Free.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
VELODROME, BakHHll -
-• VCL* W UnumC, y^il streets.
SCSDAY, MAY "i 177777. . .3 P. M. SHARP
BUN*JL>AY, MAY 8. 3 P. M. sHAlir
BICYCLE RACES !
BICYCLE RACES!
BICYCLE RACES ! j
i BICYCLE RACES !
OTTO ZEIGLER JR., =
• "The Little Demon."
C. R. COULTER, o
"The Unpacsd Kin*."
AND
All the Prominent Riders of the Coast
■ ,•:;"; Will Ride.
s-2 — GOOD MUSIC —
A1M115810X..........,....«5 and 50 Cents.
•■■■■'••■■'•■■3^' .*;■':: ■'"•' ■'-• ■'■'■ ' ? ' ■ •■■■■.•■• •■■■-.
t!C*;*i! NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING. .^^-^^^...^...^^-^.j-^-o^
■HnVAflv Jady jflßft na Wm\ MnSL fIBB WBg J^mW dH^Ia Wo
wjf There is no buncombe about this sale.
WL increase of Tariff on wool, we imme- j|
W these obligations are now due and 1
j j^^ jL v
I SUITS-OVERCOATS-TROUSERS
§ If you want a choice of these goods, you'll have
I to hurry vp — the lines are running low. Some I
§ ■of these prices only contain odd sizes and they're ;
[; going out fast. ... .'■.
1 <fc ' A Q Single and Double !d» _ S _ Sack Suits, single !
1 J7-J.«O^ Breasted Sack C Q C and double breasted \
M **'' i T' v^c7 Suits, latest shades \J m^**%J _j n shades of
9 new fabrics : guaranteed pure wool. \ brown, ' Havana, slate and over-
I Regular price $g. plaids. Regular price $10. Guaran- |
ty Only a few of these — odd sizes, , teed pure wool. ■■ \
I d* aC ~. ~. Single and Double j(£ ' Exceptional values j
I %DO«OO Breasted Suits, in 3)7.50 in Single and Dou-
-1 cassimeres, chev- *r y # & vr ble Breasted Sacks, i
| iots, tweeds and worsteds. $12 is comprising all the latest colorings in
■ the regular price. Guaranteed pure ; exclusive designs. Regular price $15. j
I wool. \ . Guaranteed pure wool. ;
I d?O —^ Cutaway and Sack j _ _ Cutaway and |
1 ; JO.SO t SuitS -S '" serges, i 3>10.00 Sack Suits . '"
I , M tweeds, cassimeres i *VW fancy. Scotch che-
m and worsteds. Former price $17 00. , viots, in the new brown, gray and !
1 Guaranteed pure wool. olive shades. Very dressy. Regular 5
I £ _ Spring Overcoats, ?2 ° Value Guaranteed pure wool. !
M _ ppnng Overcoats,
I S^ASS $1.75 SHrfi !
■ teed pure wool. . p lace town. '
1 Money we must have—and we are
I getting it too. At a tremendous sacri- '
I flee of profits, to be sure, but .it; can't ' '
I be helped. Meanwhile you are the ■ i
1 gainer. I
I ; Everything reduced exactly one-half. •- j
I But won't last much longer. • 2
I All suits guaranteed pure wool and I
I kept in repair one year: free of charge 1
I • 'remember. * * ' \< I
I* - ; (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN HILLS), j:
541 MARKET STREET
' . ' ; Directly .Opposite Sansome.- >|
; MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE: b
- By special request we will keep open every evening until 8 o'clock M \
during this sale ; Saturdays until 10 P. M. -' 1WOMAN'S
CONGRESS
CLOSING
A Short S3ssion This After
noon and Then Ad
journment.
SOME MORE IN3TRUCT
IVE ADDRESSES.
Mme. Mouatford of Jerusalem
on the Turkc-Grecian
War.
NATIONS NOT UP TO WOMAN'S
LEVEL.
Rev. C. W. Wen-te's Paper on "Edu
cation and Morality" Makes Quite
an Impression.
Two more hours of instructive discus
sion this afternoon and the Woman's Con
gress will be a thing of the past, but it
REV. C W. "WENDTE Addresses the Woman's Congress on "Morals and Education."
will go down into history as one of the
most succes-ful sessions and one qf the
most fruitful of good results that has
taken place since the idea of holding these
cjnferences wa<? evolved.
Fresh flowers, and in even greater
abundance than before, rendered the stage
ot Golden Gate Hall a most attractive and
inviting bower yesterday morning when
Mrs. Swift rapped for order. The attend
ance at this time was scarcely what it
should have been, probably due to the
late session of the previous evening. But
this delinquency was well made up for in
the afternoon, when the seatine accommo
cation- of the spacious hall were quickly
exhausted and the aisles were gladly ac
cepted by the late arriv;'.!«>.
The naornine session's programme was
inaugurated by Mis^ Sarah M. Severance,
who was billedto sp«ak ou the subject of
"The Ethical in Education." She said in
j ar t:
We are a congress of our ancestors, who pre
side over our various functions and so demean
themselves that we never know which we are.
One does our laughing, another our spelling,
and they jumble us into all ports of inconsist
encies. " Education means to lead out con
versely; it means not to lead out. We may
bring out whichever ancestor we please. We
may repress the unworthy by withholding
largess. We are lords o-f our own lives, not
creatures of fact, and the ethical in education
puts into our hands the key by which we may
NKW TO-DAT.
X>oooooooC<*'H--4*4>00000O00O(
I °fp A Physical i
x m Giant, x
w £M*%!ik\& Everybody admires a strong man, men 4%
A lir W ' envy him because of his strength, and women X
X JS£&S2ML& consider him noble. In the eyes of the world V ;
M physical charms are greater than mental, and yr j
V JBk KflL the physical Apollo is a greater hero than the €»
C^ WSm fSr mental giant. Every man wishes to be strong, A
A $^'1&lJW-\ to be called a Perfect, man. And it is worth J£
ffa fp^^HluSr^. trying for. Strength of body makes strength *£?
rfc^^cjai^a of mmd > and the P leas V res of life de P end u P° n jjKj
*f* • s*WWl«n»"' - m both> When you latk.in either, you may
A. regain them by saturating your nerves and vitals with the vigor generated wu
T by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which has done so much for weakened ±
*T* humanity. Dr. Sanden has devoted his life to the upbuilding of physical V
Jf manhood, and is qualified to advise men who feel the want of physical X
X His famous book, "Three Classes of Men," has had a circulation of X ■
V over a million copies. It is an authority of physical development A V \
O pocket edition to this work can now be had free, closely sealed, by mail, V !
A upon application. • ■ • O
X To.men who are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worth its weight 0
Jf in gold. It gives new life to the weak nerves, and restores the most pre- X ;
V cious element of manly power. If you are weak call and see Dr. Sanden, V
O or send for the book. ... , , . V
V cii|[\r»] fl FfTPir Cfi 633 Market Street, Opposite • .• %T
X oAI\ULrM LLLLIIxIL LU., pai«e» Hot*!, San rrancinco JRI
V ' fllce Hoc s-8 a. H. to 8 p.m.; Sunaays, 10 to 1. Lo» Ans» es office. 204 South \jf
/*. Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street: Denver, Col.. 935 Sixteenth street. ML
%/ -NOTE.— Make no mistake in the number— o32 Market stree:. -liako note of it. ■•
»©©<>©©©©©<*** a ***>000©©0©©<X
■ * TrTiii biii ia>iiiiiii'ntiiiii(T*'iiiiw'iiiiiwii<in»iiFiiii»'iiTiiin>iini if i
lock away ancestral faults and open up ances
tral virtues.
Ethics is the science of rieht action. It
tells us what we ought to do. Attainments
without ethical guidance may make a scien
tific savage of hu accomplished rascal, but
they will not make a worthy human being, for
ethics is to education what the guiding brain
is to blind force— the applying power without
which force becomes a demon of destruction.
Professor Stiilmin followed Miss Sever
ance with a paper on "Personal Hygiene."
This, he said, was a department of knowl
edge that relates to ttie improvement of
the health of the individual. In his
opinion, health is the condition of a hu
man body which is sound ana Rble to re
alize the best and fullest life possible.
Life, said he, is more tban mere animal
existence, and per:-ot»al hygiene is con
cerned with the physical basis of life, be
cause the integrity ami health ot mind
anil morals and ethics depends upon the
physical organic conditions. The human
body i« the most delicate mechanism ever
created and it has the capacity for the
storage and expression of energy, which
in its highest form we see in thought and
action. It is tne duty of every person to
understand the nature and laws ol the
human body, so that health may be at
tained and conserved and the power of
life n*ed to greatest advautage.' 1
Thisconcuded the morning programme,
but by special request a paper written by
Miss Jane M. Slocum of tne Niesor Acad
emy, Idaho, on the "Place of Social
Economics in Education" was read by
Mrs. J. H. Dickinson. In substance it
was as follows:
In considering the place of social economics
in education, terms musi be used in tueir
broadest sense. Strictly speaking we under
stand by education the drawing out or develop
ing of the mental powers; and in our primary
and secondary schools studies are selected
50 el? with this end in view while the College
curriculum is determined much in the same
way. The famous o.d university oi Bologna
still delights to honor the memory of a large
and eminent clnss of women professors who
ranked with the scholars of tne seventeenth
century, and lectured not only on art, litera
ture and philosophy, but also on anatomy and
jurisprudence, when all the world sought
this ancient seat of learning for its pre-emi
nence in law and medicine.
Rev. C. W. Wendte opened the after
noon session with a most instructive art
dress on "Education and Morality; or, Do
people crow better as they know more?"
Mr. Wendte said it was commonly as
sumed by liberal-minded persons that to
make men intelligent w?s to make them
better and happier. Therefore, to make a
community moral you must educate it.
Erery dollar spent on schools, colleges
and libraries saves a much larger amount
in the administration of criminal juris
prudence and reformatory institutions.
Yet, there sometimes arises the doubt
whether this increas« of popular educa
tion brings with it a corresponding im
provement in the public morality. The
greatest and most dangerous ropues now
adays are the well-educated rogues.
'•The American idea of puolic instruc
tion is sirnplv this, that all young per
sons — prospective citizens — shall have pro
vided for them by public tax instruction
in the common branches of reading, writ
ing land arithmetic," said Dr. Wendte.
"They are meanwhile not to be with
drawn from the care of the.rown families,
their religious te.".chers or any other help
ful influences which may aid in putting
other important elements of education
within their reach. AH extensions of this
elementary instruction, all ornamental,
historical, scientific or philosophical
studies taught in our public schools are
only so many expressions of public be
nevoience toward the children in the
community."
Professor A. G. Newcomer of Stanford
University opened up a new subject, he
being assigned to the next place on the
programme. His theme was "Books and
Words." He said in part:
It is the duty of the scholar to play
the part of the conservative after playing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
that of the radical. By virtue of the trans
mission of knowledge through books we
are spared the costly road of ex per c nee.
Therefore the selection of that knowledge—
that Is, the books which are the means of that
transmission— is of paramount importance.
In the words of Tennyson, "Let knowledge
grow from more to more," It cannot grow
too much. It is a stupendous proposition to
begin with. We begin with the knowledge of
the world beneath our feet, »nd must absorb
It. It is not the knowledge of one generation
but the generations of the world ever since
we have known it. In books we live for
higher and higher efforts.
Mme. Moantford of Jerusalem was next
introduced. She said she would speak to
the congress as an Oriental, and as such
would boldly say that no nation can ever
rise above the level of its women and live.
Woman has not had her proper place in
the world, and that, she said, was why
many nations fail.
"Why," asked the lady, "are Turkey
and Greece righting now? Why are they
butchering each other? I can tell you:
It is because our Oriental men cannot
rise above the level of their women. The
Turkish mother when she is nursing her
child calls its attention to the passing
Christian, and tells it — she instills into
it— that it must hate thai Christian. It
must hate him because he believes in
three gods — hate him as a common enemy.
Then the so-called Christian mother of
the Kast is even worse in this regard than
the Turkish mother. She whispers to her
child— forgetting the vital teachings of
her own creed — that he must hate that
Turk because he believes in a false
prophet."
Mme. Mountford's remarks made a deep
impression, and the applause that fol
lowed her closing sentence continued for
several minutes.
Rev. Charles L. Miel of Sacramento
read a paper on "Ethical Teaching in the
Public Schools." The reverend gentle
man said society was made up of three
important component parts — family, na
tion and church.
Education and relierion, he said, could
not be divorced any more than this trin
ity could be divided. Education's hymn
is "Nearer, My God, to Thee." The
Christian church is the founder of the
public schools of the United States.
Moral training is the crowning effort to
be achieved in education. There is not
enough ot this in the public schools of
to-dny. A study of geometry will not
make a "square" man; neither will geog
raphy ieach him where to go with safety
through this life. The speaker put him
self on record as being emphatically op
posed to the exclusion of religious train
ing in the public schools. It was one of
the greatest blunders, he said, the state
could have made.
The separation of church and state, he
said, does not mean the separation of
state ana God. The present system in
the schools was practically the teaching
of atheism, he declared. The tittle tinct
ure of religion and ideas of God-loving
that the child received at the Sunday
schools, which could be attended but once
a week, was a proposition to be compared
only to the pourine of a thimbleful of
whisky into Lake Superior and then in
viting the whole world to come and drink
and be merry.
A lady in the gallery aroused great en-
thusiasm by announcing that in her opin
ion the place for ithe religious education
of the child was at home.
C. H. Rieber, the next programme
spenker, had for his subject, "The Place
of Punishment in Moral Education." But
beore going into that matter Mr. Rieber
could not resist the temptation to take a
shy at Rev. Mr. Miol. He said he stood as
a representative product of the public
schools of California. He began in the
primary and finished in the university.
He was therefore in a position, he said, to
denounce as false the statement that re
lipious and moral training was a stranger
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE PURE-FOOD CONVENTION.
in those schools, as well as the one that
the Bible was excluded from our text
books. Mr. Rieber then took up his own
theme.
In the bringing up of a child, he said,
the parent should not resort to violence
and pas«ion when the young one has
erred. The power of good over evil, he
said, was most potent. The Daman being
18 drawn to virtue, not driven. His ad
vice was to plant beside every bad habit a
correspondingly good habit and victory
was certain.
The congress proper will come to a close
this afternoon, thera being no mornini;
B»ssi n n. A splendid programme has been
prepared and there will doubtless be an
immense attendance.
Mlra Monte
Country Club is described iv Newi Letter.*
PURE FOOD
THE THEME
OF THE DAY
Sturdy Citizens Denounce
the Frauds of Trades
men.
A CRUSADE FOR HONOR
IN BUSINESS.
Reports Show That Commerce
Is Honeycombed With
Fraud and Deceit.
STKINGENT LAWS DEMANDED
BT ALL.
The Good Name of the State Is Trailed
in th? Dust by Deleterious
Adulterations of Fooi.
The Pure Food Congress at Pioneer
Hall yesterday was largely attended and
many able papers were read on various
phases of the subject.
There was much vim and determination
among the country delegates, who were a
unit in favor of stringent measures against
dealers who adulterated and sell adulter
ated foods.
President J. W. Kerr of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association made
a atirring opening address. He urged
united action between producer* for the
common object of securing pure food and
suggested that it would require thorough
organization to overcome the stubborn
opposition of shopkeepers who are not
honest.
Among other things the speaker said:
California can meet hones: competition,
but we cannot fight the producers oi spurious
goods, of convict-made wares and of danger
ous adulterations. But when our enemies
without, aided by traitors within, pour within
our borders goods which never paid the price
of honest toil— prison products which they
dare not market in the States in which they
are made; when our lood-producers and food
growers are asked to compete with jellies in
which the juice of the fruit lorms no part
honeys which contain but 5 per cent of the
pure article; when merchant*, honorable aad
abovo reproach, complain that to such an ex
tent have these curious and In many in
stances poisonous products been forced upon
an unsuspicious people that they have been
compelled to carry them in stock or go out of
business— then we feel justified in invoking
the strong arm of the law — then we felt it was
our duty to call you from the quiet of your
comfortable homes that you might aid us in
this battle against a species of commercial
piracy whic'i was driving out our people trom
factory and from (arm, which was threatening
with a blight those homes which you have
left, and threatening the pro s perity oi our
people and encouraging the survival oi the
most unscrupulous.
Professor John Swett made an ex
temporaneous address that plea-ed the
audience. He said be had found groat iin-
purities existing in millc and other fooa
products, deleterious ingredients that
tend to kill infants and shorten the livea
of adults.
In the afternoon Dr. William Simpson
read a valuable paper on the milk ques
tion. Among other things ho said:
I submit that in view of this appalling death
record from consumption we are justified in
using the most stringent measures to prevent
the sale and use of tuberculous milk or tuber
culous meat What are we doing:? Let me
speak for Santa Clara County. In March,
1896, our most efficient veterinary in&pp^'or.
Dr. H. A. Spencer, began this work, testing
thirty-live cows, of whlcu six were cuuduiiniL-J.
Since that time he has tested 40i>8, comiemneu
The fac-simile yrf SZf/?~4~-J? m "on every -'•^ ia PP«
signature of Cm^/ZAu^Z^S, of CASTOEIA.
and ajtopsied 558. or 13Ji per cent. Every
one, with possibly two exceptions, were shown
by the autopsies to be tuberculous. In about
three mon ths more the whole of the 7000 head
of cattle in Santa Clara County will have been
inspected officially. Now what is the result
irom a sanitary and monetary standpoint?
At a low estimnte 450 of these cows gave three
gallons of milk per day, and by their destruc
tion the consumption of 1350 gallons of dis
eused milk daily has been stopped. In addi
tion to th;s constant inspections as to other
adulterations are carefully made, and dairies
and barns inspected and no means left untried
to enforce the proper feediug, housing and
handling of cattle.
Dr. J. C. Spencer, City Bacteriologist,
followed with an address on "Milk." He
said the average milk, while full of mi
crobes, is not so badly infested with ma
lignant germs as some people imagine.
He advocated the pasteurization of milk
at public stations by submitting it to a
temperature of about 180 degrees Fahren
heit.
Ellwood Coopor of Santa Barbara deliv
ered an interesting address on the adul
teration of olive oil, showing that it is
tampered with more than anything ex
cept vinegar. "Less than 34 per cent of
what is sold is pure," he said, "being
made of cottolene, Jard, cotton-seed oil
and other like deleterious ingredients of
an indigestible and even dangerous char
acter." He concluded by eaying that the
man who brands adulterations as Califor
nia-made gooiis is a traitor to the State.
B. M. LeJong of the State Board of
Horticulture made even more startling
statements about olive oil. He said:
Out of forty brands of olive oil which I ex
ninined a few years ago in this market, I
found but three pure samples, ana most of
the brands had less than 3 per cent of olive
oil. 1 found 117 samples labeled, "California
olive oil," and there was no olive oil in any
of them. A doctor toid me he believed that
more thmi 300 persons had been killed by
adulterated oil containing sulphuric acid and
cotton-seed oil. Even the imported oils are
often bad, and the oils here are often sold at
less i h in the cy.it of production ot the genuine
article.
State Chemist W. B. Rising of Berkeley
read an interesting paper, wherein he
held that it is the duty of the Stale to pro
tect the people against the adulteration of
food. He said:
Adulterations destroy legitimate business
and undermine the health of tne people. We
jire a food-producing S'.ate, and nought to te
the ambitiou of every loyal Californian to see
that the quality of our product is as good as
Its variety and quantity, otherwise millions of
dollars in damage will t>e done to tne State by
the producers oi spurious goods. Butter, olive
oil and other staple products have earned
their standing and name through long years
of service, and the man who counterfeits them
ought to suffer.
A. Sbarboro delivered aa address on
wines which was heard witn marked at
tention. Among other things he said:
On account of the abundance of our juicy
grapes, wine is rarely adulterated in Califor
nia, but our great competitors are the five
story vineyards in the city of New York,
where it is well known that large quantities
of wine are manufactured without a drojrof
the juice of the grape, and what is worse still,
while our California wines are sold under
French labels, the spurious articles artifi
cially produced are labeled California wines.
This fraud must be stopped, and I would
therefore offer the following resolution for
the consideration of the committee on resolu
tions:
"Resolved, That our representatives in Con
gre>s be requested to use all honest means to
have passed by Congress a pure food law, in
cluding in the same the prohibition of adul
teration or sophistication of wines."
Let the officers oi the Board of Health con
tinue their meritorious work, and then we may
ayain sit ut lable with our families and enjoy,
the blessing of a good meal, made entirely of
pure food, which blessing will be due to the
model Board of Health of San Francisco, to
whom is due our most grateful thanks.
Professor Emory E. Smith of Stanford
read an able paper on "Pure Food Educa
tion," saying in part:
Educational tffort must be made chiefly In
two directions, nmmercial for more immedi
ate results and scholastic tor ultimate success.
Commercial conscience is largely a matter
oi competition, environment and trade cus
tom, and can only be successfully dealt with
by law and public sentiment.
The enactment of laws affecting commerce
which are to be rigidly enforced are demoral
izing in their tendency.
Good laws, actively enforced, even cannot
stamp out the evil, so lotig as dishonestly dis
posed persons are supported in their evasions
by public sentiment. :
No spasmodic agitation regarding the pur
ity of any special food or class of foods will
j prove sufficient; the question must be handled
on broad lines, and in the most systematic
manner.
The night session was taken up alto
petber with a discussion of the report of
the committee on resolutions. After
much discussion the following was
adopted, being the result of many amend
ments:
Whereas. The adulteration of food products
in the United States has become io general
and of such an alarming character as to serl
ously imperil the health and lives of the peo
ple of thi< country; and whereas, after care
ful consideration it has been found impossible
to correct ihis abuse without some general
plan and organization; and whereas, the
itt ••■' ■ » ii i
I BANKRUPT STOCK !
< it iv
I ML E. FRANK, I;
1 M. E. FRANK, I;
.9 FORMERLY OF 238 lilUI STREET, 9
? BOUGHT BiT 9
I THE RED FRONT I
I 857-859 MARKET ST. |
i i
I $20,000 Merchandise for $4,000! I
<£ _ Zii_ — . 6
a Stock to be sold in conjunction with their 5?
O stock of • Clothing and Furnishing Goods, at 6
9 their store adjoining the Emporium. 9
SALE BEGINS TO-DAY,
' ! [ :M:.A.-5r ist. ]
1 1 1 1 (in
I THE RED FRONT,!!
''f 857-859 MARKET STREET. T
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association of
California ha? called a Pure Food Congress for
the purpose of discussing this evil and seeicing
a remedy, one that shall not injure or destroy
the domestic industries of this country, and at
the same time to prevent the manufacture
and sale ot adultera'ed foods; and whereas,
we recognize the importance of conservative,
deliberate and concerted action, and recog
nize also that this is more than n. State ques
tion, being one of National importance, we
place ourselves on record as favoring all State
and Federal laws governing the manufacture
and sale of all food products which shall make
the label of any product a contract between
the manufacturer and consumer, the essence
of said contract being a recital of all the in
gredients making up the contents of the pack
age. We are also in favor of a rigid penalty
for any and all misrepresentation with refer
ence to the quality of manufactured goods. It
is therefore
Resolved, By this congress assembled : First —
We declare that, the purpose of the Pure Food
Congress is to devise means whereby the gen
eral public may be educated as to the impor
tance of Dure foods. Second— We adopt as a
definition ol adulteration the language of the
stiitute of California, approved March. 20,
1895, which is as follows:
Any article shall be deemed to be adulterated
within the meauing of this act:
(a) In the case or drugs: (1) If. when sold under
or by a name recognized In the "United States Phar
macopoeia," It differs from the standard of strength,
quality or purity laid dow.i therein. (2) If, when
sold under or by a name not recognized In the
•'United States Pharmacopoeia," but whicn is
found in some other pharmacot oei* or other stan
dard worn on materia medica, it differs materially
from the standard of strength, quality or purity laid
down In such work. (3) If its strength, quality or
purity falls below the professed standard under
which It is sold.
(6) In the case of food: (1) If any substance or
substanres have been mixed with it, so as to
lower or depreciate, or injuriously affect Its qual
ity, strength or purity. (?) If any Inferior or
cheaper substance or substances have been sub
siituiea wholly or in part for It. (3) If any valu
able or necessary constituent or ingredient has
been wholly or In part abstracted from it. (4) If
it Is an imitation of, or is sold under the. name of,
another article, (b) If it consists wholly, or In
part, of a diseased, d« composed, putrid, Intected,
calmed or rotten animal or vegetable substance or
article, whether manufactured or i.ot: or in the
case of milk, if it is the produce of a uiseased ani
mal. (6) If It is coloreu. coa.ed, polished or pow
dered, whereby damage or inferiority is concealed,
or if by auy nv'a'is it is nude to appear beiier or
of greater va ue than it really is. ('.) If it cou
:ains any added substance or Ingredient whica is
poisonous or injurious to health.
Third— That to make this congress effective
your committee recommends that a plan for
permanent organization be adopted, which
organization shall have a central head in San
Fmnci&co, with branches at all principal
points throughout the State, the object of
which shall be to provide methods for tne pre
vention of traffic in adulterated food products
and to develop the Dublic' sentiment through
out tho country which will result in a National
pure-food law.
Ellwood Cooper(president), Arthur R. Briggs
(secretary), Edward F. Adams, L. M. Powers,
M.D., B. N. Rowley, H. G. Platt, William
Simpson, M.D., Frank is. Johnson, Fran* A.
FEVERED -BROW.
Hade Manifest Long Before the Disease
Has Been Fully Developed.
YOU CAN WARD IT OFF.
If Yon Have Any of the Symptoms It Is
Best to Take the Matter Up at Once.
No Time for Trifling, So Say
the Doctors.
T7IEVERED BROW. BY THE TERM FEVER
J? is meant thrt abstract condition which is com-
mon to all so-called febrile disorders, and the
presence which gives them their claim to that
designation. Essentially it means nndue elevation
of the animal heai, the Immediate or proximate
causes of that elevation, and the consequences
which these conditions email. The presence of
abnormal or febrile temperature is usually nt-
tended with v nous symp'oms and phenomena
more or less characteristic of the febrile state.
The skin gets hot.
The pulse and breathing quickened.
Gastro-lntestmal function impaired.
The urine and other ferret ions diminished.
Headache and muscular pains are frequent.
First— Chilly and cold sensation.
second — The skin dry and tiot.
Third— More or less übundant perspiration.
When you have fever—
YOUR BLOOD IS POISONED.
YOUR BLOOD IS THIN.
YOUR L.IVER 18 TORPID.
YOUR STOMACH IS FOUL
YOl'R BOWELS ARE CONSTIPATED.
YOUR HEAD ACHES.
YOUR BONES ACHE.
YOUR SKIN IS DRY.
YOUR SKIN IS HOT.
Every organ and tissue in the body is in a condi-
tion below normal and is crying for help.
JOY'S Vegetable Sarsaparilla
Will prevent this condition. It will so regulate
the system that all the various organs of the body
wUI act with life and energy.
NEW TO-DAT.
Kimball, committee on platform and reiolu*
lions.
The congress then adjourned until
9:30 a. m. to-day.
Accident to an Old Lady.
Mrs. Cusack, a venerable old lady of 60
years, was visiting friends on Fulton street last
night, and in taking her departure made a
misstep at the head of the stairs and fell down
the entire flight. Her left forearm was broken
and her iace oruised.
Dr. Bunnell dressed her wounds in the Re
ceiving Hospital, whither she had been taken
by two young women friends. They after
ward accompanied her to her residence, cor«
ncr Stevenson and Ninth streets.
NEW TO-DAY.
§$2 to $25
Electric
RfiiffJ.
Our Customers. U 1 1 U I
i We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
selling for $40 to $50.
$4 TO 923.
GALVANIC OR FARADIC BATTERIES.
We are Agents for a Dry-Cell Batter/ that is lac
ahead of any in the market. Call and see it.
750 JTor TRUSSES. I
We have an Immense stocK and guarantee a
perfect fit. • I .
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Just arrived. See them la
our window.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 IVEci.x'ls.o't Street,
South Side, bet. Fifth and Mxth. .
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
"It 7TTT 1 A T Properly prepared and
IVB i 1 r\ I promptly served, can
*•"■*■■*--*'* always ba obtained la
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TV A T A /^T7
Most Popular V 9 A I AC H
Dining Apart- ■■• il.l^il.V-IJ-i
ment in town. wmmmmmmmmmmmammn
0000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
rr»HIS WELL-KXOWX AND RKLIABLE OLt»
-L ewe* Private.Nervous.Bloodaud Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
; -o ears' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily;6:3o toB.3oev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address '
P.BOSCOE McSULTT, M. ».,
2614 Eearny Street, Nan Francisco. C«l.
i ! INJECTION. CURE I
1 Tpermanent cure
sof the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and | » ,
il Gleet, guaranteed In from 3to 6 days ; no
< other treatment reqnlred, and without the nau- , »
< seattnjt results of dosing with Cubeba, Copaiba ; »
< or Sandal-Wood. J.Ferr«&Co.. (successors to>
£? ©PiUM :
The pur 9 essential extract from the native drug. Con«
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Oplunx
without 'to noxious elements. I No sickness cf stomach §
no Vomit ;no costireness ; no headache. AH Drus-Rlsta,
(« -patents! j
\g^22o MARKET S.T.S.F^£ES/ j
NOTARY PUBLIC. v
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
/»QQ JIAKKKT -T., OPP. PALACK HOTEL,
U DO Telephone 570. Residence 909 Valencia.
street. Telephone 'Church" 15. ;
Weak Men and Women :
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEKS. THE
great I Mexican Remedy; gives fitalta aa4
■ ltt«ngtii to th« B«xual OrgMU.
56
SATURDAY MAY 1, IH{)7
CHARLES M.' SHORTRIDUt:,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pally end Sunday Call, one year, by mail.... 6.00
Daily fed Sunday Cam., six months, by mall- 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, throe months by mail 1.50
Tally and Sunday Calx, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
WUKU Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
co Francisco, California.
Telephone . .^ M*ln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
£.11 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
027 Montgomery street, corner Clay ; open until
9:80 o'clock.
539 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V. corner Sixteenth and. Mission streets, Open
trill 9 o'clock.
1618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9 ;80 o'clock.
Ntt. corner Tweuty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
\
EASTERN OFFICE:
Koems 81 and ; 2, 34 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kaatern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
'° Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
fo. it is no trouble {or us to forward THE CALL to
jour address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Olden given to the carrier or left at
Business dhlce will receive prompt attention.
NO EX 1 HA CHARGE.
WeJcome, Mayday.
Merry picnics for everybody.
Society will now recognize spring, and
cut the usual caper.
The Pure Food Congress has started
well, and we may look for good work.
The woman question of the time is how
to turn the Easter bonnet into the picnic
hat.
Tho Greeks have swapped horses while
crossing a stream, and let us hope they
will profit by it.
Leave orders for The Sunday Call, and
assure yourself of all the news and good
reading for the day of rest.
The new Prime Minister of Greece has
the significant name "Raili," and if all
the Greeks will rally tiiey may triumph
yet.
It now looks as if the tariff bill would
be set up for every Senator to take a shot
at, and we are evidently in for a summer
siege.
The "congress woman has become a
feature of our social life hardly less con
spicuous than the "matinee girl" and is
almost as attractive.
There is a possibility tnat the storm cen
ter of European discord may be shifted
from Greece to South Africa almost before
■we have time to say "Jack Robinson."
There is no reason at all why any
adulterated fruit food should be sold in
California, for we have quantities of the
best fruit in the world going to waste
every summer.
It is all well enough to call Kaiser Wil
liam crazy, but as long as all Europe al
lows him to have his own way it is evi
dent there arc potentates in other nations
crazier than he.
The Valley road is carrying prosperity
to the interior counties, and the work on
the coast road promises equal benefits to
those along the seaboard, so that all Cali
fornia has a bright outlook.
The Greek invasion of Epirus has be
come a mere side issue in the war. It
might have been made a great thine, but
Bomehow it went awry and there is very
little chance of profit from it now.
Now that the Senatorial fight is over
Kentucky can pive her undivided atten
tion to the toll-gate war, and open up
everything from a highway to the State
Capitol to a bypath to a distillery.
Rhode Island has decided to increase
the number of the Associate Justices of
her Supreme Court from five to six; but
where in the State there will be found
room enough to put the extra seat is not
revealed.
It is said that Senator Jones of Nevada
hoids the balance of power in the Senate
Finance Committee, and, as he stands in
for thorough protection on lead, wool,
hides and citrus fruits, the West seems to
be in luck.
The vehemence with which Mr. Har
court of England denounces Mr. Chamber
lain of England for laying plans to gobble
the Transvaal may be taken as a measure
of Harcourt's longing to be in Chamber
lain's place.
There is an opinion in this country that
England should save Crete, and there is
an opinion in England that we should
<aye Cuba. There are also opinions on
these subjects in Crete and Cuba, but it is
hardly necessary to describe them.
The appearance of the army worm
among the vineyards of the State is an
other evidence that California will have
to face every evil of older civilization. We
cannot bring to our eiysium the good of
other lands without bringine the attend
ant pests with them.
The till passed by the Legislature of
British Columbia, excluding American
citizens from taking up mining claims in
that country, will hurt their mining in
terests more than it will us. It enables
British Columbia, however, to boast of a
fool Legislature that beats Kansas.
The action of the Grand .Parlor of Native
Fons in indorsing the movement of the
Grand Army of the Republic toward the
erection of a monument to Lincoln in this
City was eracefully and patriotically
taken. The movement i ** one in which
the Native Sons can well afford to co-oper
ate, and it will be an honor for them to be
associated in the enterprise with the
veterans.
A friend of the late B;i!y Birch, the
negro minstrel, quotes him as saying that
he once ?pent a month with a relative in
the country, and gleaned there more ma
terial for j;ood jokes than at any other
ptaea in his life. It is to be regretted that
the particular spot in the country was not
named. There are quite a number of
prominent jokers in these days to
whom the puolic would pladly recommend
h? place iov a summer vacation.
THE PURE FOOD CONGRESS.
The proceedings of the first day of the Pure Food Congress have strengthened the
public expectation of good results. The assembly is composed or men of more than
ordinary weight and influence throughout the State, and all the speeches and pro
ceedings gave evidence of an earnest desire toward the accomplishment of something
which would tend to check the adulteration of foods in the State, even if it did not
succeed in preventing the practice altogether.
There can be no question of the importanco of the issue. It affects our people
both as regards the consumer of food and the producer of pure articles. We are con
cerned in it on account of business as well as health, and wo may expect benefit from
it to our trade as well as to our homes. Both of these aspects of the question are well
understood by members of the congress, and accordingly we may expect action from
j it which will result in benefits to both.
There is no reason at all why there should be any kind of adulterated food prod
ucts either sold in this State or manufactured here. California produces everything
in the way of food which is needed by her people, either for the sustenance of life or
for tne pleasing of the palate. We have the necessaries and the luxuries of food in
the greatest abundance. We raise them in quantities far exceeding the local demand,
and to introduce adulterations among us is to do a wrong to ourselves in spiteof the
bounties which nature has provided for us.
The importance of pure food to the health of the community and the risht of a
consumer to obtain that for which he pays are matters so plain that they need no ar
guments to sustain them nor any urgiuc to make them recognized by the people.
The trade question, however, is not so widely comprehended. President Sonntag
made the point clearly in the statement: 'The amount of adulterated food that has
been sent to the State of California is appalling. It is a sorrowful picture and abso
lutely astounding to see the fruits of our beautiful valley dumped into the bay of San
Francisco, while the importation and sale of adulterated foods continue."
Our consular reports abound with notices of tne fact that our trade with Europe
Is largely interfered with by the practice ot unscrupulous dealers in sending to that
country foods which are either not pure or else are not up to the standard of their
labels. We have ample experience, therefore, to teach us that the best profits
in the markets of the worlu are to be obtained by pure foods rather than by adultera
tions, in thi?, as in everything else, homsty is the be-i policy. If we can make it
known to the world that all food products put up in California are pure and that the
packages contain exactly wbat is on the label we can easily secure a trade which will
afford a good market for every pound of genuine food produced in the State. With
snch a trade there wilt be no reason why any of our fruits should be left to waste in
the field or be thrown in the bay. We would have the confidence of the world, and,
having that, would easily secure the world's best trade.
TEE TARIIT BILL.
According to reports from Washington
the hope of an early enactment of the
tariff bill is rapidly fading away. The
more the question is discussed tho greater
are the differences of opinion developed
and the more diflicult does it appear to
harmonize the conflicting interests that
are wrangling over the rates of duties to
be adopted. It is now believed, moreover,
that the Democrats will change from their
policy of acquiescence in whatever the
Republicans may devise and will make a
fight against the bill sufliciently pro
longed to postpone its adoption until late
in the summer.
Tne controversy at present is directed
to the question whether the bill as pre
pared by the Republican members of the
Finance Committee shall be reported
directly to the Senate for discussion or
shall first be submitted to the full com
mittee, there to undergo consideration by
the Democratic members. In this contro
versy the committee is equally divided
between Republicans and Democrats, with
Senator Jones of Nevada holding the bal
ance of power. It will be for him to decide
whether or no the bill is to be reported at
once or held in committee for some weeks
to come.
The fact that the balance of power is in
the hands of the Nevada Senator is en
couraging to Western interests, and par
ticularly to those of Calfornia. It is
stated on what seems to be good authority
that the Senator will seek for higher du
ties on borax, wool, lead and citrus fruits
and will also support the Western Sena
tors in their movement to obtain a.dnty
on hides. Furthermore he is reported to
favor a rebate on tin for export, which
will be a benefit to all the canning indus
tries of the coast and a matter of no small
importance to our trade.
It is not easy to estimate the true value
of these various reports. The Senators of
course are not giving out definite state
ments as to their final action, for they are
well aware that compromises will have to
be made all around in order to frame a
bill which will be satisfactory to a major
ity of the Senate. It is well known that
under tho best circumstances the majority
to be hoped for must be necessarily small,
ana therefore astwoor three men have it
in their power to defeat tho bill, or at
least to greatly postpone its adoption, it is
impossible for anyoody to foresee clearly
the exact shape which the measure will
take in its completed form.
Such reports as are sent out are conflict
ing in many importantrespeets. The best
feature of the situation is tuat with every
day's delay there is an improved prospect
of better terms for Western interests, and
we therefore can wait the slow delibera
tions of the Senate without undue impa
tience.
THE TEANSVAAL QUESTION.
The annual budget of the British Gov
ernment, submitted to the Commons on
Thursday by Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, shows that
the previous year has been one of national
prosperity for Great Britain and that the
revenues have yielded a surplus of over
$12,000,000, besides reducing the national
debt by over $35,000, 00' J. The debate
which followed the report, however, was
not encouraging for the coming year, in
asmuch as it turned upon the fact that the
Government has set aside about $1,000,000
for strengthening the military forces in
South Africa, thus givin? evidences of
danger of war in that direction.
The item of the budget providing for
the South African military expenditures
was attacked by Sir William Harconrt,
leadei of the opposition, who complained
that these expenditure? were entirely un
necessary and were calculated to bring
about a race war, tnua leading to heavy
and costly expenditures later on. The
reply made by Mr. Chamberlain was
tnat the Transvaal Government has
spent millions in strengthening its
armaments, and that prompt action on
the part of Great Britain in providing for
stronger military and naval power in
South Africa was really "conciliatory,"
inaimnch as it would help to maintain
the peace by impressing upon the Boers
the folly of undertaking any war with
the British or disputing their "paramount
authority."
If the issue at 'stake were no more than
a controversy between Great Britain ana
the Transvaal the danger of war would be
so slight it would hardly occasion com
ment. It happens, however, that other
powers are interested in the situation.
Germany, France and Portugal are by no
means willine that England should be
come paramount in Africa and have been
watching with considerable jealousy the
extension of ber colonies end her en-
croachments in every part of the conti
nent. These powers are very likely to
side with the Transvaal and give assist
ance to the Boers in maintaining their in
dependence and defying the sovereignty
of the British. It is this consideration
which pives importance to the situation
and makes the debate in tbe Commons a
matter of interest throughout the world.
* It bardlv seems possible that the British
Government will undertake anything like
a jingo policy in South Africa at this
time. The expansive power of the British
is such they have only to wait for the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
.natural development of their colonies in
I South Africa Id order to obtain as para
\ mount an influence there as the English
. colonies obtained in this country in the old
' days when ihe possession of America was
I a matter of dispute among the nations of
Europe. The republic of the Boers can
j hardly grow much. That of Cape Colony
I is certain to grow rapidly, and unless the
: British make the foolish mistake of at
• tempting to defy all Europe, in order to
I conquer the Boers by force of arms, it
I seems to be only a matter of time when
; they will acquire all of South Africa by
; the natural processes of growth and ab
-1 sorption.
PREMIER RALLI.
Greece has swapped horses while cross
ing the stream, and if Abra'iam Lincoln
was right in his philosophy she has ven
tured upon a dangerous experiment in do
ing so. She has made evident to her ene
mies that her people are divided and that
her Government does not have their full
and united suprort. Even if we assume,
therefore, that the new Cabinet is to be in
every respect superior to the former, the
change made at this time can hardly be re
garded as favorable to the Greek cause.
The overthrow of the Delyannis admin
istration was clearly caused by t!iedisas
ters to the Greek army on the frontier.
The Prime Minister has been held respon
sible by the populace for tvils which were
in all probability not of his causing. It is
certain that he did not bring on the wnr,
since the clamors of the Greek people
forced his hand in that respect and com
pelled him to go forward. As & matter of
fact the Greek irregulars were crossing the
frontier in every direction and fighting the
Turk in spite of all the Governmentcould
do to restrain them. In turning against
the administration, therefore, as soon as
disasters occurred the Greeks have shown
a desire to shift responsibility upon others
instead of bearing it themselves, and this
is a sign of anything rather than of that
resolution which is necessary on the part
of a weak peopie when making war against
a stronc one.
The new Premier enters upon office
with a Boorish of oratory in striking vio
lation of the maxim, "Let not him that
buckleth on ins armor boast himself as he
that putteth it off." It is fair to presume
that the bold tone taken by Ralli was in
tended largely to have its eftect upon the
Greek population, and he probably spoke
more bravely than he felt for the purpose
of rousing and encouraging the people.
This consideration saves him from the
danger of being reputed something of a
braggart, and the world will wait to see
how neir he can come to fulfilling his
manifesto before it condemns him for
taking part in overthrowing the former
adminisirntion instead of giving it sup
port in the hour of need and at a time
whf-n all Greeks should have stood to
gether in resistance to the invader.
As a represemative of what is known
in Greece as Neo-HeHenism, Ralli is
?aid to be the popular idol of Athens, and
the confidence they have in him may go
far toward encouraging them in the war
with the Turk. There can be no question
of the influence of personal leadership at
critical periods in the history of nations,
and if the new Premier can arouse a new
ardor among the people Greece may yet
show that there are exceptions to Mr.
Lincoln's rule, and that it is advisable at
times to swap horses in crossing a stream,
even when the stream is most turbulent
and the danger is greate-t.
'HOCKS
It Is shocking to discover
Thai the maiden . on adore
Looks upon you as a brother—
.Merely that and nothing more.
It Is shocking to be told that
Your d parent bosom friend,
From whom you lately parted,
lias Just met a tragic end.
It Is shocking to discover
That the bank which holds roar cash
11*8, becuus -of some cornier,
On a sudden gone to smash.
But of all the sad surprises
There is nothing tbal compares <
V.'lih that one- gets on thinking
That
he's
got
down
When he hasn't! —Cleveland Leader.
Willi YOUR COFFEE.
Mrs. Snasrgs (laying down the paper)— The
weather forecast is for rain or snew, followed
by higher temperature and clearing, with a
cold wave. That is four or five kinds of
weather.
Mr. Snagg— Well, the weather man hns to
give us a variety to justify the designation
"lour cast"— Pittsburv Chronicle-Telegraph.
Potts— The thing that mystifies me about
this Turkish-Grecian fight is—
Motts— The powers?
Potts— Bosh! no; but rather the way people
here who haven't seen the inside of a church
in forty years go wild with sympathy for
Greece because the Greeks are Christians.—
Truth.
Practical father— l want to bay a watch for
my boy— the cheapest you have.
Honest dealer— I'm afraid I can't warrant the
cheap ones to keep very good time.
Practical father— Oh, that doesn't matter.
Just make it so that he can open the back of
the case.— The Strand.
Mr. Dunham— l have called, sir, to tell yon
that your daughter, Miss Fannie, and I love
each other very dearly. I want to ask you for
her.
Old Millynns— Woll, you'll have to wait
awhile. There's no vacancy in the store now
that I could put you into.
"Woman!" said he bitterly, "you have a
hesrt of ice."
"I think it very bad taste," said the fliDpant
girl, poutingly, "to compare one's thorax to a
refrigerator."— lndianapolis Journal.
"My wife is a most original woman," said
Brown. ' J Why, when I proposed to her, in
stead of saying 'This is so. sudden,' she said,
'Well, I think it's about time.' "—Harper's
Bazaar.
Housecleanlng days have come again,
The saddest of the year.
When I in ray once happy home
Know hardly where to steer.
With soap and »uus and orusb and broom
And wreckage everywhere
A man, perforce, must fly tbe coop
Or swear— and swear— and swear.
— Cbicaßo Timei-Heralrt.
PtRiON,.L.
W. C. Povey of London is in town.
Taylor Albin of Fresno has arrived here.
Dr. O. W. Charles of Palo Alto is in town.
F. T. afaguire of Lowell Hill is at the Russ.
Dr. L. M. Powersof Los Angeles is id the City.
E. W. Kedpath ol Boston is as the Baldwin.
H. F. Geer of Turloek has come up for a short
stay.
John Ballard of Claremont is looking over
the City.
.Raleigh Barcar of the Vacaville Reporter is
at the Lick.
Ex-Assemblyman Cutter of Eureka is here
on a short visit.
George H. French of Washington, D. C, is a
late arrival here.
Edwaid McGettigan, the contractor, of Val
lejo, is at the Russ.
Ex-Congressman Camlnetti of Jackson ar
rived here iast night.
H. P. Drake, a business man of Strawberry
Valley, is on a visit here.
John W. Kern, a prominent resident of In
dianapolis, is at the Palace.
James c. Tyrrell, editor of the Grass Valley
Daily Tidings, is at the Grand.
Dr. E. S. O'Brien of Merced came to the City
yesterday, rie is at the Baldwin.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of Stanford Uni
versity is registered at the Grand.
District Attorney E. A. Freeman of Amador
County is here for a few days' visit.
8. Monan, a business man of New York, Is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Charles Altschul, a business man and coffee
grower of Guatemala, has arrived here.
J. H. Bohon, chief cierk of the Hotel West
minster, Los Angeles, is on a visit here.
\V. M. Wade, an orange-grower of Monte
cito, Santa Barbara County, is in the City.
Judge John F. Davis of Amador County Is
among the late arrivals here. Ho is at the
Grand.
B Jacob Johnson, a business man of Spring
City, Utah, is here, accompanied by Mrs.
Johnson.
Ex-District Attorney Frank Mattison of
Santa Cruz arrived hero yesterday. He is at
the Grand.
A. Verdier of Paris, the business man en
gaged in many enterprises, arrived here yes
terday and is at the Palace.
Senator T. B. Rickey of Carson, Nev. , is at
the Palace. He is engaged ia the banking
business in Nevada's capital city.
J. H. Berry, a prominent mining man of
Ariiona, who visits San Francisco once or
twice a year usually, is at the P.uss.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, superintendent oi the
State Asylum for the Insane at Nupa, is mak
ing a visit to this City. Ho is at the Lick.
L. I'feiffer, a wealthy coffee-grower aud mer
chant at Guatemala, arrived here on the
steamer San Bias yesterday and is at the Occi
dental.
D., Campbell-Johuson, the owner oi a large
ranch in Los Angeles County, who is engaged
in the raising of fine horse?, cattle and other
livestock, is at the Occidental.
R. R. Leitch, a civil engineer in the United
States navy at Brooklyn, N\ V., arrived here
yesterday, accompanied by Mrs. Leitch. Mr.
Leitch said they were on the cosbt for pleasure.
The Count John Lebedefl of Russia, who
arrived here Thursday on the Doric and is
now at the California, is a commander in the
imperial Russian navy, find has for some time
past been stationed at Vladivostock, Siberia.
He is now on his way to St. Petersburg.
E. Dinkelspie! of Suisun, editor and pro
prietor of the Solano Republican, is on a visit
here. Mr. Dinkelspiel announces himself as a
candidate for the position of coiner of the
Mint of San Francisco. Ho thinks his cam
paign is coming along pretty prosperously.
Frank M. Whitney, the Republican Mayor of
Santa Barbara, is in town. Mr. Whitney is a
business mnn who has lived in Sunia Barbara
eight or ten years. Ho is a prominent society
leader, and is frequently a prominent lieure
at tho germans and at the swell social affairs.
Colonel H. A. Trevelyan, manager of a large
vineyard at frssno owned by a British com
pany and the heaviest manufacturer of wines
in that district, arrived here yesterday.
Colonel Trevelyan is widely known as one of
the few men now living who fought in the
brilliant charge at Balaklavn.
J. Wallace X Diss of Redlands, major and
inspector of the First Brigade of the National
Guard, is at the Palace, accompanied ry Mrs.
Diss. Mr. Diss is Auditor of his county and
has fgr a long time been interested in orange
growing. He is slso Interested in one oi tne
local banks. He will be here for several days.
C.W.Fielding of New York and Loiu'on,
managing director in the Iron Mountain Min
ing Company (limited) of Keswick, Shasta
County, is a late arrival here, he has come
to the I'acific Coast in connection with his
large mining interests. He is a descendant of
Fielding, the celebrated author of "Tom
Jones."
James Lankershlm, owner of a big ranch
near Los Angeles and of a great deal of prop
erty in the city of Los Angeles, including a
fine six-story building on Spring street, is
among the late arrivals Here. Mr. Lanker
shim is a millionaire, too, who is interested in
many otner things besides real estate and
buildings.
A. Brlzard of Arcata, one of the most exten
sive general merchants in Northern Califor
nia, theowner of seven or eight stores in Hum
boldt ana Trinity counties, is among the ar
rivals here. Mr. Brizard, besides being a
heavy handler of all kinds of goods, is an
owner in rancli and timber lands and mining
claims. He is here on a business trip.
M. Sunitonio, tne president of a large Japa
nese bank, and three of his countrymen, all
of whom are interested in banking, who
arrived here a day or two ago, will remain a
week or more and then go East and possibly
to Europe. A rumor has prevailed that the
Japanese financiers were here as Government
representatives of Japan to study the gold
standard, but they say this is incorrect. They
are merely here In a private way, but will
study American banking a little, in order to
gain what personal information that may be
of use to them. One of the gentlemen is In
terested in copper mining near Osaka.
CALIFORNiANS IN NiSW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., April —At the Pltza:
J. H. Roby ; Hoffman— J. Bloom, J. D. Frantol;
Imperial— D. D. Tait; Windsor— G. W. Gray
aon; Ashland— J. F. Valentine; Grand Union-
Mrs. J. F. Carpenter, Mrs. J. H. Small; Stuart—
A. I>. Jones; Metropolitan— G. Price and wife;
Hoffman— Mrs. J. F. Parr; ' Broadway— L.
Grant. •■ ' 'WHBDm - "' .
CULTIVATION OF bUGAR BEETS
Minneapolis Tribune.
The great desideratum in sugar beet culture
Is to produce beets of exceeding sweetness.
This requires a careful selection of seed. The
agricultural department at Washington has
some seed which is said to be wortn iv weight
in gold, because it produces a beet yielding a
ltrne percentage of saccharine matter. This
seed is being distributed with great <ar» to
persons who will make good u»o 01 it. The
sweetest beeis from :he experimental crops
are to be selected for producing more seed,
und thus in time, perfection in quality may be
attained. It will be impossible for farmer's to
rush into extensive culture of sugar beets all
atonce, but the sooner they make a move in
that direction the sooner will this country be
producing sufficient sugar for its own con
sumption,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The Woman's Congress has come and almost gone. What the good ladies said, did and
thought during "their" week has already been recorded. But what did the rising generation
thiuk of the proceedings? That is an interesting question. The intelligent youth of our land,
just budding into manhood and ■:• :u»niiood, have most decided opinions on this important
■abject. Thty realize that soon tt*«f wi'l have to decide some of the problems now before the
congress anil have tnven consideraulo thought to them. These opinions have been gathered
for The Sunday Call nnd will be published to-morrow. They are bright, original and reada
ble, and serve to give an idea of what the fate of future women's congresses will be.
Of course everybody is interested in President McKinley, but few know just how demo
cratic he really i 3. His high position has not turned his head and he never fails to recognize
an old acquaintance, no matter how snabby the indn idual may be. This will be told of in a
bright article.
Perhaps you are an artist, and perhaps yon are not; but at any rate you are interested in
the sprins exhibition. It wilt be described iv detail in to-morrow's paper and prolusely illus
trated with drawings from the pictures.
There will also be a fine article about the logglnir camps. Some new features will be
brought out, including a description of a cable-road through the mountains.
An article about a wonderful "fly" recently made D? a carrier pigeon is full of interest, as
it bus a strong bearing on some disputed points of natural history. This bird had never been
east of Storktou, and yet after being taken to Carson City on a railroad train flew almost back
to its home in San Francisco after being released. It really gnt as far back as Copperopolis
when it was captured. All that is known of this wonderful "fly" will be told in to-morrow's
Call.
Among the other features will be the following: "An Unpublished Le'ter From General
Grant to General Sherman," "Some Elevating Features of the Now Journalism," "Playing-
Cards of All Nations" and "A Boston Maid's Opinion of San Francisco."
Then there will be the splendid chi:dren's page, filled with beautiful illustrations; the
book page, fashions, and all the new? of the world.
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest.
Is San Francisco Defenseless?
To the Editor oftheSan Francisco Call— Sir: In view of possible naval war with England or
Japan, the writer desires to sound the note of warning to the pub ie, so that they— through
the War Department— may be awakened to the fact that while the front door (the Golden
Gate) may be sufficiently fortified, the back door to the City of San Francisco is wide ODen and
entirely undefended.
A sufficient fleet of ironclads and transports could seize and indefinitely hold Drakes Bay
or Santa Cruz as a base from ■which to operate against us in the rear.
Now, to make the above more pain, let us illustrate with a hypothetical case: War is
suddenly precipitated, say with England. Within twenty days a fleet could easily land 5000
men with tipkl artillery, cavalry and infr.ntry with necessary equipment for a march on our
rear from llalfim-o:i I!av, only seventeen miles distant.
Within fony-eipht hours thereafter we should be looking into the muzzles of their guns
on Twin Peaks and Bernal Heights.
Tnis force would liavo a perfectly safe base in their fleet. Thuß would our defenses at
GoUleu Gate be successfully turned, and proud San Francisco, with all her wealth, including
big guns in th. : lorulicctions at the entrance to Golden Gate, have fallen, the handful of
troops at the Presidio having previously taken to the woods lor safely.
The question, it ttiis be true, arises, What is needed in the way of supplementary defenses
to those already in use? First, batteries of heavy ordnance at the above indicated points;
next, a permanent increase of the army at the Pfesilio; but, mainly, an immediate increase
in our naval force, as that alone could prevent the ianding ou our shores of a hostile force
by an enemy. Further, that force .-hould b9 stationed at or very near San Francisco.
This i< no fancy picture. The writer is a practical seaman and has had experience in land
ing heavy freigh: at .Mexican and Central American ports, where there is less shelter and more
obstacles than at Halimoon Buy. He has also served in the uavy in time of war.
San Francisco, April 30, 1897. SHELLBACK.
THE MILITIA AS HEAVY ARTILLEY.
During the past year nn interesting experiment has been in progress, having for its object
the training of a part of the militia in sea-coast artillery work, with a view to utilizing them
for the defense of our harbors in case of an emergency. In this, as in the Naval Militia, Mas
sachusetts was the pioneer. In January, 1800, the First Regiment of Massachusetts Volunteer
Militia was designed to heavy-artillery duty ia connection with the regular troops serving at
Fort Warren, in Boston harbor.
As a preliminary, lour evnings in the early spring were devoted to the instruction ol t h
officers In their new duties, Lieutenant Weaver of the Second United Slates Artillery giving a
course of lectures covering the duties, organization and equipment of sea-coast artillery. In
one corner of the armory a full-sized model ot the 8-inch gun was built, and on the floor was
traced a miniature harbor, over which moved a ship constructed to the proper scale. With
these and a few other simple arrangements not only were the drill exercises of the piece
taurht, but the most necessary features of target practice, such as vessel- tracking and the lay
ing of guns, were i.lustrated practically.
The vnlu-* of this CRrcful preliminary work was shown in the following August, when the
regiment went Into camp at Fort Warren, where actual drills and target-practice were under
taken in co-operation with the regular garrison. At certain times the alarm was sounded, aud
the entire garrison, both regular and militia, took posis at the guns previously assigned them,
precisely as would be done in case of an actual attack by a naval force. The ammunition ser
vice was carefully organized and practice had in dismounting and mounting heavy guns.
Practice was also had in the use of blocks and the varions tackles, in cordage, knots, etc.
Camp was thus given up almost entirely to the practical application of what was previously
learned at the armory.
The proficiency thus acquired by the citizen-soldiery, even in this short period of instruc
tion is said to have been surprising. Lieutenant Weaver in his report states that these com
bined exercises have proved conclusively not only that it is possible to obtain a body of citizens
having «v interest in coast-defense work, but that such men can be trained in a comparatively
short time to become fairly etticient heavy-artillery men.
FIGHTING FOREVER
New York Sun.
The world isn't through with fighting yet,
an.l wo don't see any sign of the end of man
kind's wnrs. There have already been bloody
years ia the last decade of the century, and ah
the cniof powerfl of Europe are armed to the
teeth, awmting further hostilities. Upon all
tho continents of the earth armies have fought
since 18D0.
Since then we have had the war between
Italy and Abyssinia, which brought disaster
to the expeditionary army under General Bar
atieri, a ! id ended in a remarkable triumph for
King Menelek.
We have htul the great war between Chtna
and Japan, in which powerful armies and
navies fought sanguinary battles upon land
and sea, tho consequences of which were the
humiliation oi ( hints, tha loss of a part of her
territory, and ihe payment of an indemnity to
her conqueror.
We htive had the civil war in Brazil, which
ensued upon the overthrow of the empire, and
through which the new Government was
shaken for two Tear?, but which ended in the
success of the constitutional republic.
We have had the war ot France upon Mada
gascar, the results of which wore tne capture
of the city of Antananarivo by the French,
tiio dethronement of the Queen and the con
quest of the country.
We have had the sanguinary wars of Eng
land in South Africa, through wnich vast
regions have bjen added to the dominions of
Queen Victoria, at tno expense oi the lives of
tens of thousands of black Airicans.
We have had the shameful wars of Spain
against her own colonies; her long war in
Cuba, if butchery can be called war, and her
year of war in the Philippine*. The Spaniards
say they have crushed the Philippine insur
rection, but Cuba is yet in arms for liberty.
We have had small civil wars in five or six
of the fSpanisli-Aint ricHn republics, the most
important onfi of which was that in Ecuador,
whiCh ended in the victory of the revolution
ary party. Tne re is a fight now going on in
Uruguay, and there i.s v squabble in Hon
duras.
We had carnage upon a vast scale in Ar
menia last year, but that could not be culled
war. The Kurds and Turks met littlo resist
ance during the period in which they were
engaged in slaughtering the terrorized Chris
tians.
N>.wwehave the portentous war between
Turkey and Greece, about the results or the
consequences of which there may well be ap
prehension.
We also have the English military expedi
tion up the Nile, which lias not yetb.-en the
occasion of much lighting, but wnich may be
the occasion of a pretty hot war before Eug
landptelsto Khartoum.
As fur the belligerent affairs oi an unimpor
tant character, in many countries, during this
decade, we could not count them. The largest
oi them was perhaps the Mohammedan revolt
in nortnwestern Cnina. France has had trouble
in Siam; Japan has had some fighting in For
mosa; Zunzibir was the scene of a rumpus;
Spain tnreat'-ned Morocco; England captured
the negro King of Ashan.e-'and grabbed his
country ; tnere was a fl»;ht last year between a
mob of Eugiisn rilibusters and the galiant
Boers of the Transvaa'.
There has been clanger that a number of
the wars here spoken of would be the cause of
oilier and yet longer wars. Russia, France
and Germany came very near quarreling with
England at tho end of the struggle between
Japan and China. There was danger of
trouble batween this country and England
when the- English invaded the territory of
Venezuela. The Turko-Greciau war is a peril
to the peace of Europe.
Truly, the years of the last decade of the
nineteenth century have been bloody years.
Mankind are still lighting as they fought in
the day 3 when Amalek and Joshua went to
war, when Alexander fell upon the world,
when Crusnder and Moslem met in conflict,
when Napoleon strove for the earth, when
Unionist and Confederate engaged in battle.
There are alarming possibilities in the situ
ation. We are told that Russia does not want
to fight, and that England, France, Germany,
Austria nnd Italy do not. But there stand the
armies, 6,000,000 or 8,000,000 strong, watch
ing each other with jealous eye, and the hour
ot provocation for them may come with me
firing of a shot. Then again, and above ail,
history and circumstance are governed by
forces the action of which is beyond the con
trol of any individual, lorces which revel in
war despite all the preachings of peace, those
forces which in ancrent times went by the
name of Destiny, which are Known to the
Turks as Kismet, and which the Calvinists
speak of as Predestination.
COW LINE FKOM MAINE TO CALU
FORNIA.
If all the cows in Illinois were standing
heads and tails in single file the leader might
have her nose stuffed in a feedbox in Maine,
while the last one thoughtiulljr switched flies
in sunny California.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Laugh— L. 8., City. The poem commencing,
"Laugh and the world laugh? with you," 19
from "Solitude," by Ella Wheeler Wilcox, and
His to be found in her "Poems of Passion."
The verse in which it occurs is as follows:
Laugh and the world laughs with yon:
W eep and you weep alone,
For the Had old earth must borrow its mirth,
But lias troubles enough of its own. - .
Sine and the hills will answer; r
sigh and it is lost on the air.
The echoes bound to a joyful sound,
But shrink from sorrow's care.
To Apply for a Patent— U. S., Decoto, Ala
meda County. Application for a patent in the
United States must be made in writing to the
Commissioner of Patents at Washington, I). C.
Such is generally made through an attorney.
The applicant must file in the Patent Office a
written description of the same and of the
! manner and process of making, constructing,
: compounding and using of it, in such full,
clear, conciso and exact terms as to enable any
person skilled in the art or science to which it
appertains or with which it Is most nearly
connected to make, construct, compound and
use the same; ana incase of a machine he
must explain the principle thereof and the
best move in which he has contemplated ap-
Dlying that principle, so as to distinguish ii
from other inventions, and particularly point
out and distinctly claim the part, improve
ment or combination which he claims as his
invention or discovery. The specification and
claim must be signed by the inventor and at
tested by two witnesses.
When the nature of the case admits of draw
i ings, the applicant must furnish a drawing of
the required size, signed by the Inventor or
his attorney in fact, and attested by two wit
nesses, to be filed in the Patent Office. In all
cases which admit of representation by model,
the applicant, if required by the Commissioner,
■hall furnish a model of convenient size to
exhibit advantageously the several parts of
his invention or discovery.
The applicant shall make oath that he verily
believes himself to be the original and first
Inventor or discoverer of the art, machine,
manufacture, composition, or improvement
for which he solicits a patent; that he does not
know and does not believe that the same was
ever before known or used, and shall slate of
what country he is a citizen. Such oath may
be made before any person within the United
States authorized by law to administer oaths,
or, when the applicant resides in a foreign
country, before any minister, charge d'affaires,
consul, or commercial agent holding com
mission under the Government of the United
States.
On the filing of such application and the
payment of the fees required by law, if on
such examination it appears that the claim
ant is justly entitled to a patent under the
law, ana that the same is sufficiently useful
and important, the Commissioner will issue a
patent therefor. " -
Every patent or any interest therein shall
be assignable in law by an instrument in
writing; and the patentee or his assigns or
legal representatives may in like manner
grant and convey an exclusive right under
his patent to the whole or any specified part
of the United States.
Who May Apply for alPatknt— H. P., Locke
ford. San Joaquin County, Cal. Any person,
whether citizen or alien, being the original or
first inventor of any useful art, machine, man
ufacture or composition of matter, or any new
and useful improvement thereof, may obtain
a patent issued in the name ol the United
States and under the seal of the Patent. Office
for his invention or discovery, provided that
the same was not patented or described in any
printed publication in this or any foreign
country before his invention or discovery
thereof, and not in public use or on sale for
more lhan two yearn prior to his application
unless the same is proved to have been aban
doned; and by the person who, by his own in
dustry, genius, efforts and expense has in
vented and produced any new and original de
sign for a manufacture, bust, statue, alto-re
lievo orbas-re.ief ; any new and originaldesign
for the printing of woolen, silk, cotton or other
fabrics; any new and original impremlon, or
nament, patent, print or picture to be print
ed, painted, cast or otherwise placed on or
worked Into any article of manufacture; or
any new, useful and original shape or config
uration of any article of manufacture, the
same not having been known nor used by oth
ers before his invention or production thert
of, nor patented nor described in any printed
publication, noon the payment of the foes re
quired by law and other due proceedings nad.
Every patent contains a grant to the paten
tee, his heirs or assigns for the term of seven
teen years of the exclusive right to make, use
and vend the invention or discovery through
out the United States and the Territories,
referring to the specification for the particu
lars thereof.
If it appear that the inventor at the time of
makintfiis application believed himself to be
the first inventor or discoverer a patent will
not be refused on account of the invention or
discovery, or any pan thereof, having been
known or used in any foreign country before
his invention or discovery thereof if it had not
beeu before patented or described in any
printed publication. .♦<,_».
Joint inventors are entitled to n joint patent,
neither can claim one separate^. md?pen.
deut inventors of distinct aad independent
improvements in the same machine cannot
obtain a joint patent for their separate Inven
tions; nor does the fact tnat one lurnishes h 6
capital and another makes the invent on
entitle them to make application as joint
inventors, but in such case they may become
joini patentees. , .„..,.„
The receipt of letters patent from a foreign
Government will not prevent the »n vector
from obtaininz a patent in the Lnited States,
unless the invention shall have been intro
duced into public use in tne Lnited Spates
more than two years prior to the application.
But every patent granted for an invention
which has been previously patented by tne
same invsntor in a foreign country will be so
limited as to expire at tne some time with vie
foreign patent, or, if there be more than one,
Rt the same time with the one having the
shortest unexpired term, but in no case will it
be in force more than seventeen years.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
This Evening Alcnlde Parlor of the
Native Sons Will Oive a Big
Smoking Bee.
Alcalde Parlor No. 154, Native Sons of tha
Golden West, will give its big smokins Dee in
the banquet-hall of the Xativo Sons building
this evening. The committee on entertain
ment that ha« had charge of this matter for
about two weeks has secured talent that will
enuble it to present a programme of unusual
excellence. Tnere will do smoking material
and refreshments in plenty.
The Alcaldes will give an excursion to ana
picuic at Sunset Park on the 9th inst. for
this event the committee has already secured
150 irate prizes. The music will be lurmshed
by the Second Kegiiuent band, and the indica
tions are that it will prove a great success.
Yosemite Parlor, Native Daughters.
Yosemite Parlor No, 83, N. D. G. W., at its
last meeting was the recipient of two beauti
ful silken banners of the order, to be used at
the parlor meetings. They were presented by
Miss Amelia Jakobs, and on one there is a finely
executed palntir.g of calla liHes, while on the
other is a bunch oi esehscholtzias. Ine donor
was tendered v vote of thanks.
Knights of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent held its regular review
in Alcazar building on Friday evening. A
great deal of Interest was displayed. Threo
applications wore received and acted upon,
after which committees were appointed to ar
range for a smoker on an elaborate scale.
This teut has not missed a meeting for some
time without several initiations.
Golden West Tent has just moved to the For
esters' building on O'Karreil street, and on
last Wednesday night held a jollification.
Their new quarters are very cozy and the at
tendance unusually good. Arrangements are
being made to give an open meeting soon.
At the review of Mission Tent on last Tues
day evening a great deal of interest was dis
played and many interesting things said under
the good of the order. A large number of vis
itors were present from the various tents of
the City.
INDORSED "THE CALL"
St. Francis' Picnic Committee Passed
a Unanimous Resolution.
St. Francis parish will bold its picnic
to-day at Scnuetzen Park and everything
points to a most successful outing.
A meeting of tbe executive committee
on the picnic was held last night in the
basement of St. Frances Church, Rev.
Father Carraner, pastor, present. After
arranging details of the outing, P. Connor
proposed the following resolution, which
was adopted unanimously:
Whkrkas, The San Francisco Call has been
specially kind in assisting the committee in
making the picnic to be given by St. Francis'
parish a great success; and whereas, the ("all
has always proved a consistent friend of Hi.
Francis parish.
Resolved, That the thanks of this committee
be and are hereoy tendered to the tfan Fran
cisco Call.
Returns to Her Children.
Sister Julia of the Sheltering Arms received
a letter from Dr. I* E. Stocking, assistant
physician at the Arpews Insanity Asylum,
under Oate of April 27, which stated that to
day Mrs. Ella Beuter. alleged to have been
driven insane by the deprivation of her chil
dren by C. P. welch, secretary of the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, will be relesi.-d and gent home to
her little ones. Tue unfortunate woman is
said to have male a wonderful improvement,
not only mentally but in physical health as
we.l.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. *
Fpi-ciAt Information daily to manufacturer*,
business nouses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. "
Best eyeglass specs, 15c to 40c. Sundays,
740 Market street (Kast's shoes tore); week
days, 35 Fourth street. •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open dally
Jrom 9 a. m. to 5 p. kt and gra d concert every
Thursday evening. •
Admiral Harris, who commands the British
contingent of the fleet of the powers, has no
end of troubles. The other day he narrowly
escaped being shot by a bashi bazouk and now
his son has joined the Greek army as a vol
unteer.
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Route.
Three and One-half Days to
Chicago or St. Louis— Four
and One-half Days to
New York.
leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 6 p. m.. connection is made at Barstotr with ths
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestlbuled Pullman, palace drawlns
room, sleeper* Tfie handsomest train on earth —
equipment and appointments faultless. Dally
through sleeping-cars, bo;h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden. Portland, JMoJave, Los Angeles, Demlng or
El Pa^o, to all points in tbe United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Market
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1631.
Railroad 1 ickets to the East Tla Rio
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio (irande Railways,
At lowest possible rates, with through PullrnM
buffet and tourist sleeping car service ever? dar.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permlttlat
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tlclcatt
Detailed Information and tickets furnished Ski it
Montgomery street, or Sl4 California stre*:.
No Safer or more Efficacious Remedy can
be had for Coughs, or nny trouble of the throat,
than "JBroini's lironrhinl Trocht*."
A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parkkrs Hair Balsam.
I'akkkk's Ginger Toxic the best cough cure.
Be snre and supply your toilet nith a bottle of
Ayer's 11 air VigK It keeps the hair soft and
glossy, and the scalp cool and clean.
He— lf you couldn't be yourseif who would
you rather be?
Sue— The man who murks down the goods In
the dry-goods store. What a lovely life ho
must lend, always havine first choice!
NEW TO-DAY.
The Royal— White id Pure j •
as tue Driven Snow.
mi
POWDER
Absolutely Pure i • >\
_J_ ' ROYAt BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.S-ATt'IiDAY ". MAY 1, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Paid-in Thkatkr — Primrose end West's
SJinsirels. I .
Columbia Thkatkr -"A Run on the Hank." .
aiortosco'sOPEßA-Ilocsi: -'The Smugglers.
Ai^aZar Thkatkr ; A Xoble lieu-.
'cTivni.i Opkra Houstk'.:' -•: :nus O'Jlrlea.*, 1 -
OKjf.HKiTM High-Class' Vaudeville.
c ; rToxnm Thkatkk.— "MorgUna."
Pt'TRO Baths. -Bathiiis a"' l lVrforruanr^s.
Titr Chtttks' axi> JSkatino Rink— Daily at
Ha:siit street, one brock east or the Park;
, iIAYWABD's P«»k.— Concerts every Sunday. ■ •
i acifiv Coast Jockky < i i a,— Banes 10-day.
PICNICS AM' EXCURSKmS.
El Cam Music, DAiicins, Boatlns, Fishing,
every Sunday.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Onerallv Saturday.— W. H. Ham
mon, forecast i'.Ji ia'..
William Paris has sued Hugh Hume for
910,000 for al.egoii breach oi eon tract.
Isadore Simon had a hearing before Judge
Valince on a charge of contempt of court.
The tir-t day's a 88 ion of the Pure Food Con
prest was largely attended at Pioneer Hall yes
terday.
The schooner Prosper sails in a day or so for
r. *<?u. and otter hu:i'^ug cruise to the Galla-
= The Labor Council at last night; session
me considerable attention to me Japanese
labor pro Mem.
J. A. Waldteufoi wns acquitted by a jury in
Judge Morrow's court yesterday of a charge of
smuggling three statuettes.
Rey Salnzar, Earl Cocaran, Japonlca, Tea
Pvo*e, Montol'ittilc and FasUioa Plate were the
winners at Ingleslde yesterday.
?ome mysterious fiemi has been spreading
t>o:«uii r.t'Hr Fulton nnd linker streets lor the
purpose of killing doss ami cats.
J. IV. Moreowid & Sons' sale was burglarized
yesterday in broad daylight. The tine; got
away with $298 in cash and checks.
Charles Baccigalupi, a boy intrustol Tvith p.
dres- belonging to Mr?. P. M. Nolan, a school
teacher, soid it for 20 cents to a Chinaman.
On the Queen's L;rthilav the British resi
dents will have games, tableaux aud fireworks.
Rev. Josiah. Slmias will be orator of the liny.
The local inspectors of sonm vessel) have
exanornted Captain H inkle tor all blame on
account of the wreck oi the steamer Vaquina.
The Pacific Associated Press met last even-
Ing and elected officers and named delegates
to the advisory board of the Western division.
Arthur Wheeler was sent to the Preston
School of Industry by Judge Wallace yester
day. He will be released when he is 21 years
old. ...
, Yesterday I)r. ■F. H. Stahle, ex-superintend
ent of the City and County Hospital, was again
indicted by the Grand Jury for embezzle
ment. i " .■■
The Street Committee of the Supervisors is
planning ■ playground to r.val
n irHtel'ark in its natural advantages
and lmpro\ ci tents.
The City of Everett will not go to India with
wheat for the starving Hindoos. Only 1800
tons have been donated, so a smaller vessel
will be sent with it. ■ ■_..
Judee Seawell ha« decided that the law al
lowing increased salaries to officers of the Fire
end I'oiic? Departrneu ts is valid and the
money must be i aid.
Through the persistent influence of the Fre
ciia Valley Improvement Club, that section of
the City Is undergoing marked progress in
Street grading and.se\vering.
Rev. Isidore .Myers of Montreal has ac
cepted the crtl\ o: me congregation of the
Bush-street Temple "to become ir s rabbi, and
liter on his duties August 1.
Antonio Lucca of the fishing-boat Santa Mr
ria had a narrow escape yesterday during the
norther. He fell overboard, but luckily was
picked up by ii passi&g scow schooner.
Mme. Nier Bech-Meyer will lecture before
the Charming Auxiliary > >< ietv Monday, May
3, oii .: Love of Our Xorse Forefath
c:s. ' Appropriate mu.-ic will be rendered.
Thomas M. Jewell, clerk of the United States
Attorney in this City, is lying at the point of
death in Chihuahua, whither he went on a
leave 01 absence a short time ago to re
cuperate.;
Tne California Law. and Collection Agency
has been incorporated Dy \V. E. Thomns, Her
bert F. l>u,;u", William M. Wei!, Mayo A.
Grefemaw, J. J. Toniman Jr. and George T,
Gaden, with a capital stock of £'.10,000.
W. Formh, the prominent raisin-grower of
Fresno, who is here, estimates the r«ishi crop
wiil be 750 ten-ion cars more than last year,
or a total of about 4000 ten-ton cars. The in
dications for grain and fruit are also good.
P. Schnltz, grocer find saloon-keeper. Sin
Jose road and Bunny side, lodged a claim with
the Sheriff yesterday for damages done to his
p ! ac» Tuesday afternoon by Ben (bleary, a
guard nt the House of Correction, and "live
prisoners.
At an executive committee meeting of the
Mission Improvement Union, held at Judge
Van Keynegom's office yesterday a'ternoon,
the question of a i ark for the Mission was
J'llly discussed. A preference wax expressed
for the cemeteries site for the present.
The Woman's Congress is drawing to a close.
There will be a short session this afternoon
and then adjournment. The principal speak
ers yesterday were Miss Sarah Severance. Pro
fessor Woods, Rev. <■-. W. Wendie. Professor
Newcomer. Ma'lame Mountiord, Rev. Dr.
Jliei, Mr. Rieber and Prolessor Gunman.
P. Lynch, while dfivinc in a light spring
wagon across the Fourth-street bridge yester
day afternoon, lost control of his horse and
tne anim 1 rim away, throwing Lynch out of
the vehicle. The fall broke his rijjht arm and
cut and bruised his head. Lynch* injuries
were attended to at the City Receiving Hos
pital. - ■
I>r. CliTiton, chairman of the Water Com
of *. lie Supervisors, found fiult v.m.i
iring Valley Company yest-rdav he
cause he had not been provided with sufli
regsxding tlie coMipany's m
(■ime.iroru <miill ratepayers. lie proposes
now to make an examination ol tiie corpora
tion's broks, and will be assisted by en ex
jit-rt accountant.
Libsrty branch of the Socialist Liber party
had a " propaganda;.-, meeting Wednesday
night in the large auditorium of the Turk-
Btreet Temple, William Xeergard in the chair.
After a short introductory address by the
chairman and a reading from a socialist
fl leal by one of the members the meeting
is ened to twenty-minute speeches by Dr. J.
D. O'Brock, P. Ross-Martin, Leo Gasser, J.
Larson and Theodore Lynch. The meeting
closed with an announcement by the chair of
an address in the same ball on Wednesday
evening, May 5, by : Rev. Philip O'Ryan, on
"The Catholic Church and the Social Prob
lem," to which the general public will be ad
mi t ted free. " .••
FOOD COFFEE.
FOUR OF A KIND.
And AIJ Brainy.
Four business men sat talking in an
office, when the subject of food and drink
came up.
One said that he had suffered for some
Bix months from a peculiar sensation in
the nead and had been under the care of a
physician, until he happened to read nn
article on the coffee topers of P;tri.», ii-
whicli the testimony of a number of physi-
cians was given to the effect that coffee
contained the same poisonous elements as
stychnine, morphine, tobacco and whisky,
but in smaller quantities.
This Ret liim to thinking, with a result
that coffee was left out of his diet, and in
less than a week the head trouble was
gone. Each of the other three gentlemen
added their testimony to the effect that
coffee had proved a sly and insidious en-
emy instead of a friend, as in each case
come stomach, liver or nervous trouble
had been produced by even mcde:a c cof-
fee drinking.
One added the remark ttat "It was
hard to giv« over coffee, but I got souk
Postum coffee, made of grains at Battle
Creek, Mich., and it is so perfect in color
and taste that I am enjoying my coffee
now daily, as are also my wife and cnil-
uren, for Postum is made of pure grains
(wheat, etc.) and is nourishing and fat-
tening, a pure food-drink, and another
feature not to be despised is the fact that
it goes about three times as far as coff-e,
although, of course,- the economj' is not
nearly so great a question as that of
healtti and comfort lor myself aud fam-
ily."
There:-; hut onegenuine original Postum
Cereal coffee, with ,k multitude of imita-
tions offerod aa "just as good."
WAS ROBBED IN
BROAD DAYLIGHT
Morshead's Safe Looted
While His Back Was
Turned.
The Pol ci Know the Thief and
Are Now Closely Following
His Trail.
He Is Supposjd to Ec the Man Who
Broke Into the Variovr, Ferry
CMfic.s.
The fishing-boat San.a Maria had a hard
time of it making port during yesterday's
northwester. The ieg-of- rant ton sail was
reefed twice, but still the little boat stag
gered under the canvas. While attempting
to take in the jib Antonio Lucca went
overboard, and had it not been for a
scow schooner that was ri::ht in the wake
of the fishing-boat he would never have
been heard from again. As it was, Cap
tain Jensen saw the catastrophe and hove
to. Tlie dinpey towing astern was soon
manned and the struggling fisherman
rescued. He was pat aboard hi* own
craft and shortly afterward landed at
Fishermen's wharf, little the worse for
his ducking.
There will be lively times and dull times
on the water front to-day. The few ships
that are discharging will take a rest, but
the exodus of picnicsers across the bay
in the morning will more than make up
for the stagnation of business at other
points. The parishioners of St. Francis'
Church will go to Sclv.'etzsn Park for their
annual outing, fct. Hose's parish will go
to Shell Mound and Sacred Heart parish
will go to El Campc. Excursionists bound
for Schuetzen Park will take the steamer
Tiburon at tbe T^uiron ferry, those for El
Carupo will taKe the Ukiah at the Tiburon
ferry and thone for t-hell Mound will take
any ot the Southern Pacific broad-gauge
boats.
Captain Hinkle, who lost the steamer
Ycquina at Hueneine on the 11th nit.,
has been exonera'.ed from all blame. The
loss of the steamer was due to a shifting
sand bar. Captain Hinkie is now in com
mand of the Alexander Duncan.
The United States monitors Monterey
and Monadnock arrived from Santa Cruz
yesterday morning and anchored off Sau
salito. Ihey wili probably remain in
Ricbardsona Bay for a few days and then
go to Mare Isiand.
The l'acitic Mail Company's San Bias,
which arrived Irom Panama and way
ports last Thursday night, brought the
following pssser.gera: Fred B. Deremer,
J. (t. Darling, Miss Sarah Velasco, Hora
cio Aniador, Mieuel Camon, Domingo
Robles, John O'Brien, S. Pl.ffer, Mrs. B.
W. Wallace, George A. Wells, Doniiniro
Lopez, Miss Annie Velasco, George J.
Campbell Jr., C. Altsc.mi, Captain Ed
ward Ptirks, Mrs. John O'Brien and child,
W. B. Drown, Mrs. M. Kie Pelton, J. A.
Bennett, Fermin Vela>co, Luis Yelasco,
Oscnr Fisher. Georjre Bonie, K. D. Galindo,
M. Bieige, V.\ P. "tthitley.
The voyage was an uneventful one
throughout, and the passengers did not
even know that, war was raging in Hon
duras.
K. .(. It. Aden, the popular president of
the Piper, Aden, Goodal! Company, has
started ior Adams Springs. He will be
none about two weeks, and during his
absence his business interests will be
attended to by bis son Harry.
Tae iittle tchconer Prosper will start in
B d::y or so on a peculiar expedition.
Captain Noyes, late of the sealing schooner
Bowhead, wilJ be in command, and he will
:ake four "clubbers" and a cook with him.
All the seals taken will be killed with a
ciub, so hunters are not wanted. The
Prosper will go as far south as the Galla
pagos group, and on the way will hunt for
sharks, from which the tins will be taken,
abalones and pearls. Siiould no seuls be
captured. Captain Noyes knows an island
where the pearl oyster abounds. So in all,
the six men who :orra the crew and Kneaa,
the owner, have bright prospects — on
paper.
There was another daylight robbery on
the water front yesterday. While the
proprietor of the City Front stables had
ins b.ick turned a sneak thief seized the
cash-drawer and got away with it bodily.
There was $:9S in coin and checks in it,
and so far nn trace of the thief bas Deen
found. J. W. Morshead was engaged in
the ollice wijen a stranger came in and
askea ;or a piece of paper and a pencil
with which to write a note. :While doing
it lie noted the position of the safe and
had a glance at the cash-drawer. While
Morshead was across the road attending
;o the sale of a horse the thief returned
and got away with tne drawer.
An investigation by Officer Mackey of
the Harbor police showed that the thief
had made an investigation of the J. F.
Cunningham Company and Piper, Aden,
Goodall ComDanv'j premises on the same
pretext of wanting to write a letter.
The whaleback City of Everett will not
jio to India with wheat and corn for the
starving ilindoos, after all. Only 1800
tons is in sight, so a smaller vessel will bo
sent from here with it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
The Fishing Fleet Had a Hard Time of It Making Port During Yesterday's Norther. One of the
Crew of the Santa Maria "Went Overboard, but Fortunately Was Picked Up by a Scow
Schooner That Was in the Wake of the Fishing-Boat.
ELKS GATHER IN
THEIR NEW HOME
It Is the Second Largest
Lodgercom in San
Francisco.
The Ceremony of Dedication
Was Performed Last
Evening.
A Banquet Followed, and There Was
a Presentation to the Exalted
Ru'cr— Address by the Mayor.
The ceremony of dedication of the new
home of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P.
0. E., was conducted last evening at half
past 9 o'clock in the pres.-nce of nearly
300 members of the lodge and a number
of specially invited guests.
The members tiled into the beautiful
new room, and after being called to order
the ceremonies, conducted by District
Deputy L. H. Brown of Sacramento, were
opened with an invocation by Chaplain
Jones of the lodge.
Ihen the eloquent and impressive cere
monial arranged for such occasions was
.performed by the district deputy, and
from the four stations placed upon the
altar the four stones, symbolic of the Or
der of Elks, representing charity, broth
erly love, fidelity and justice.
During the proeressof the ceremony the
lodge quartet rendered some excellent
music, and after the final work of dedica
tion had been performed the district
deputy turned over t lie new quarters and
Keys to Excellent Ruler Joseph R. How
ell, wno on behalf of the lodge accepted it
for the purposes for which the lodge is
formed, after which the ceremony was
brought to a close by the quartet and all
the members singing the closing ode.
At 11 o'clock every one marched
into the banquet-room, where there were
nfty-four tables laid with covers for six
each, and one long table at the head of
the room for Judce W. P. Lawler, who
presided, and guests and officers of the
lodge.
During the evening music was furnished
by the entire orchestra of the Tivoli
Opera House. Alter the excellent dinner
had been done justice to Thomas J. Har
bour on behalf of the lodge, presented the
exalted ruler, J. It. Howell, a magnificent
set of table cutlery and silver spoons and
forks in recognition of his valuable ser
vices in the tittinti up of the new room
and his work for the lodjre generally.
The health of the President of the
United States was proposed by Judge
Lawler.
L. H. Brown responded to the toast
"Tho Grand Exalted Ruler."
Mayor Phelan spoke to the toast "The
City of San Francisco."
"The Grand Lodge of the B. P O. E."
was responded to by Georae E. deGolia of
Oakland and "The Lidies" was responded
to by Dr. Pierce of San Diego. There were
many other toasts.
Between toasts there were features con
tributed by members of the theatrical
profession and a most pleasant evening
was spent.
The following named were the com
: mittee of arrangements: T. A. Me
j (rowan, S. B. Carleton, V. R. Ullman, J.
! O. lleis, H. F. Kmnc, H. B. Ho-mer, J. P.
: Dunne, H. Kohn and J. R. Howell, ex-
I oilicio.
Dnrfree Holds the Land.
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed the
judgment of the lower court, which entitled
Jamrs Purfree to retain possession of two
Last evening San Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent Protective Order of Elks dedi
cated its new and magnificent- lodgeroom in Central Block, southeast corner of Sutler
street and Grant avenue. These have been fitted up at a cost of ¥2300. The lodperoom Is
sixty feet deep and forty feet wide. From floor to ceiling is twenty-two feet, and in the
center of the ceiling is a long wide opening surmounted by a skylight six feet in height
Around the side of the room there are 180 chairs, but the seating capacity can, if occasion
requires, be increased to 500. The walls are tinted in a light color, which is relieved by a
white cornice. At the east end, over the exalted ruler's station, there is a vaulted room
in which will be placed the organ for the lodge, which will reach here in about two
weeks. The floor is covered with a fine, soft, small-figured drab carpet, the color being in
keeping with the tinting of the walls. There are dependent from the ceiling elegant chan
deliers, with 180 lights. These were made to order and are ornamented with elks' heads
the emblem of the order. Over the exalted ruler's station there is a large elk's head and
at the point of each antler there is a small Incandescent light, producing a very pretty
effect. The chairs at the various stations are of dark oak, and carved on them are the
words Fidelity, Justice, Brotherly Love and Charity. The lodpcroom, which is strikingly
attractive, is, next toKlntr Solomon's Hall in the Masonic Temple, the largest in the City
and is one oi which £I*s way well proud, .. ' "
o ■■■<■--. ': ■ .- . • ■»■■- - ,-,:':'■' .:.
small tracts of land against the suit of E. J.
.Baldwin and K. liarvey. Defendant won his
plea upon the statute of limitations, and the
court did not think the appeal from the de
clsiou contained points meritorious enough
to grant a new triall.
MAYDAY AT THE CHUTES.
Tho Native Sons Will Have a Great
Time Day and -Night.
Pacific Tarlor Xo. 10, N. S. G. W., will
take possession of the Chutes to-day, and
they promise their friends a right royal
time.
In tbe afternoon there will be all kinds
of attractions and sports, including a po
tato race and balloon ascension and para
chute drop. Children will be admitted
free.
la the evening Charles Cavill will give
a wonderful swimming exhibition, there
will be a performance on the open-air
stage, the animatoscope will show several
new pictures and the day's festivities will
be concluded with a grand ball in the
skating rink, which has one of the finest
floors for dancing in the country.
Town Talk.
The original fiction in this week's Town
Talk includes a story from life entitled '-Tne
Colonel's Romance." A leading article is one
upon the Woman's Congress, with portrait of
Mrs. Helen Gardener, guest of honor of that
body, who has made so pleasing an impres
sion upon the public this week. There are
also an account of the last Laurel Hall open
meeting; night dramatic criticisms; a critical
resu.rie of the Music il Festival and Its par
ticipants; literary reviews; "Saunterer"
jokes on such well-known men about town as
Porter Ashe and Jere Lynch ; clevercomments
on matters military, social, political, and in
fact everything of importance locally. •
NEW AND ARTISTIC.
The "Go T den Eagle" Clothiers
Will Open for Business
Tc-Day.
Stocked With an Extens:V3 and Fine
Line of C:o Ling and
Hits.
One of the most attractive stores in San
Francisco is the ''Golden Eagle" at 104,
106 and 108 Kearny street, a new and
unique establishment dealing in clothing
I ana hats, which will throw open its doors
i to the public for the first time to-day. The
| interior of the building in qnestion has
' recently been renovated and several alter
] ations and additions effected in the prem
: ises with a view of making the Golden
Eagle one of the most modern and com
: plete as well as handsome and artistic
[ clothing and hat establishments in the
i country.
Over the entrance to the store, and set
off on either side by expansive show
winuows, beautifully dross«d, is a mon
strous golden eagie— the trademark o;
the new establishment — its outstretched
wings set off with a succession of incan
descent lights, which when lit up by meht
set off the figure in most becoming sty ie.
In the rear of the store is a skylight run
ning the entire width of the building,
through which a stream of light pour?,
illuminating the back part of the store and
adding materially to the cheerfulness of
the surroundings.
At night-time six arc lights serve the
purpose of illumination. The most im
j portant feature, however, of this new and
; grand establishment, and one which will,
!of course, interest the buying public
mostly, is the extent, variety and superior
quality of the stock of the new store,
which comprise? tome of the finest goods
j in hats and clothing to be found in the
country.
T)ealh of a l'loiieer Missionary.
Miss JI. Britten, 74 years old, and a mis
sionary for many years in India and lately in
Japan, who arrived here on the Doric Thurs
day, died at trie Occidental Hotel about 6
o'clock last evening. The remains were taken
to Gray's undertaking establishment. Among
the missionaries who arrived with Miss Brit
tan wns Mrs. Alexander, Mrs. McCauleyand
Miss Krama Alexander. Old age is given as
the caus'i of death.
WILL MEET AND
MANY CHURCHES
Where the Special Sessions
of the Endeavorers
Will Be Held.
0 ficial List Issued by Chairman
Webiter of the Hall
Committee.
Plymouth and tbe Third Congrega
tional to Give Rallies During
Next Week.
The following items of interest regard
ine the forthcoming convention of the
Christian Endeavorers are culled from
the current issue of the Golden Gat? News,
tne official organ of Golden Gate Union:
Plymouth Congregational Society, as
sisted by the "Temple Workers" and
'Ladies' Aid Society," is arranging for a
dinner and grand rally for '97 at their
church, on Tuesday evening, May 18.
The Etuleavorers of the Third Congre
gational Society are making extensive
preparations for the "rally" they expect
to hold Tuesday evening, May 11, at
7:45 o'clock. They anticipate making
this the most enthusiastic meeting yet
held on the coast.
Chairman J. 8. Webster of hall commit
tee of '97 herewitli submits the meeting
places of the sixteenth international
Christian Endeavor convention.
All regular sessions of the convention
will be heid simultaneou°ly in the Me-
chanics' and Woodward's pavilions.
Following is a complete and ollisial list
of the gathering paces for special sessions
and auxiliary meetings of our visitors of
July:
sessions, evening of July 7— First
Congregational, I'lymouth Congregational,
Klrst Presbyterian, Calvary Presbyterian,
Trinity Presbyterian, Central M. X., Simpson
Memorial M. X.. First Baptist.
Daily morning meetings, <>:30 to 7:ls— First
Congregational, Third Congregational, First
Presbyterian, Westminster Presbyterian, First
A. M. K. Zion, Grace M. E., West-side Christian,
First Baptist.
The daily quiet hour, 4:30 to fi :30— Calvary
Church was selected because of its convenience
to n large proportion of vis: ting delegates.
Daily Bible study, 8:30 to 9:30 a. M.— Central
M. K. Church was chosen because of its prox
imity to the Pavilion.
Junior headquarters— First United Presby
terian Church ; selected because of its adapta
bility and nearness to the Mechanics' Pavilion
Committee conferences, Friday afternoon,
Juiy 0. fttifi Monday afternoon, July l'J— Three
in First Congregational, two in Third Congre
gational, two in First Presbyterian, two in
Calvary Presbyterian, two in First United
Presbyterian, three in Central M. E., two In
Simpson Memorial M. X., three in First Bap
NEW TO-DAY.
WISE WOMEN.
Those Who Heed the First Symp-
toms of Nervous Derangement.
Special from Mrs. Pinkham.
A dull, aching pain at the lower part
of the back and a sensation of little
rills of heat, or chills running down
the spine, are symptoms of general
womb derangement. _
If these symptoms are not accompa-
nied by leucor- . _>r'Jfc | w^.
rhoea, they are^fflPT^?Tv^Bß|
toms. Any wo- IHwlk^
man of com- | HSH \\ v 8
mon sense will If V I W^
take steps to ~~ I l\ \\\
cure herself. 1 ' ' 1 \\
She will realize that I V \\ i
her generative system , \ • \
is in need of help, and ' *-
that a good restorative medicine is
a positive necessity. It must be a medi-
cine with specific virtues. As a friend,
a woman friend, let me advise the use
of Lydia E Pinkham's .Vegetable
Compound. .
If your case has progressed so that a
troublesome discharge is already es-
tablished, do not delay, take the Veg-
etable Compound at once, so as to tone
up your whole nervous system ; you
can get it at any reliable drug store.
You ought also to use a local applica-
tion, or else the corrosive ; discharge
will set up an inflammation and hard-
ening of the parts. Mrs. Pinkham's
Sanative Wash is put up in packets at
25 cents each. To relieve this painful
condition this Sanative Wash is worth
its weight in gold.
Mrs. George W. SHEPABD.Watervliet,
N. V., says: "I am glad to state thai
I am cured from the worst form of fe-
male weakness. I was troubled very
much with leucorrhcea, bearing-down
pains and backache. Before using
Mrs. Pinkham's Remedies it seemed
that I had no strength at all. I was
in pain all over. I began to feel better
after taking the first dose of* Vegetable
Compound. ' I have used five bottles,
and I feel like a new woman. I know
if other suffering women would only
, trj it, it would hs\a tljejn^ -^
tist, one in Third Baptist and three in Y. M,
C. A.
Denominational rallies on Thursday after
noon, July B— As far as possible, churches of
the denomination have been selected in which
to hold them; and vvnere either there is no
such denomination in 'he City, or Its chureli
Is in the outsUirte, meeting places have been
chosen so as to bring; the smallest of the de
nominations within easy access of those who
desire to attend them.
African Methodist Episcopal— Bethel A. M.
E. Church.
African M. E. Z ion— First A. M. E. Zion
Chnrch.
Baptist— First Baptist Chnrch.
Canadian Presbyterian— First United Pres
byterian Church.
Christian Disciples of Christ— Auditorium
of Y. M. C. A.
Church of God— V. M. C. A.
Congregational —At First Congregntlonal
Church.
Cumberland Presbyterian — First Presby
terian Chiircn.
Free Baptis:— First Baptist Church.
Friends— V. M. C. A.
German Societies — Emanuel Evangelical
Church.
Lutheran— First Enclish Lutheran Church.
Mennonite— Y. M. C. A.
Methodist Episcopal, Methodist EpiscopHl
South, Methodist of Canada, Methodist Prot
«stants—Howard M. E. Church.
Mornvian— Y. M. C. A.
Presbyterian— Calvary Presbyterian Church,
Protestant Episcopal in C.inada and the
United States— Church of the Advent.
Reformed church in America— Simpson M.
E. ; Reformed church in the United States-
Simpson M. E Church.
Reformed Episcopal— Central M. E. Church.
Southern Presbyterian— First Presbyterian.
United Evangel. cnl— Central M. E. Church.
United Brethren— Howard M. E. Church.
United Presbyterian— First United Presby
terian Church.
Welsh societies— Welsh Church.
The hall committee has been very active,
and has made elaborate plans for the al
teration of the appearance ot the Mechan
ics' Pavilion. Seats to accommodate 8000
to 10,000 people will be arranged. Plans
have been made for the construction of
rooms for committee?, a bureau of infor
mation, press bureau, State headquarters,
etc.
The reception committee will wear white
yachting caps with purple bands and gold
Jetters. Asa port of education in their
duties the members of this committee
will take charge of the Golden Gate Union
local convention, which will be held on
next Thursday evening in the First Con
gregational Church. The following were
added to the standing committees.
Entertainment committee — J. G. Chourn,
Harry Fowclen, Mrs. L. E. BeneUict, Miss
Myrtle Brooks, Rev. J. H. Callis, Miss L. Car
ruthera, Dr. George Daniels. Dr. Thomas
Fletcher, Miss Eva Hare, Miss Lottie Hencke,
Mrs. Luse, Miss E. Lawson. F. N. Xorcom, Mrs.
Nevereold, Mrs. T. C. Pedlar, MUton B. Roller,
Miss Myrtle Simpson, Miss E. Stevens, Dr.
Sarah Wise.
Decoration committee: San Francisco— \V.
B. Thompson, Benjamin Romaine, E. M.
Bixby, Edwsrd Kerr, W, H. Haromon, J. H.
BRrnard, Waiter P. Clark.
Oakland— E. S. French, Miss L. M. Kerr, Miss
R. M. Browu, Mrs. B. L. Spence, Miss Mable
Hussey.
Alauueda— l. N. Wade.
Berkeley— D. M. Henderson.
The American Queen.
Monthly fashion journal ; beautiful col
ored frontispiece; ready May 1; repister
your name at our stores and get sain*
free. Kohl berg. Strauss & Frobman, 107
Post street nnrt 1220 Mr-rk-t. *
KJEW TO-DAT.
Success !
The most successful brand of
tea baking powder . :
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
on this coast is Schilling's Best.
Its great success is in the
country, where grocers know
their customers personally, look
i out for their interests, and are
less apt to sell adulterated food
i — even for a big profit.
In San Francisco it is differ-
ent; you have got to insist
■ upon Schilling's — though
you will find soiue grocers who
care for other things besides
' big profits.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 612 .
PChleheftter'a English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^STjV Original and Only Genuine. A.
f- u S\ Csji* Druirgirt ror'r»icA«{tr'f Fnqliih /'ia-JjIXX
•pNksS*aiß»m<md Vrand in Red ud Gold n:ct^.iic\\Or
Ta. —OMVHboxes, 8f»!c.l with blue ribbon. Take VBT
I*l *>4 w]ni> other. Refute danqrraui mhititu- V
I* / ~ ijr tion* and imitation*. At Druggist), or •md4«>
I *•» JJf Id nt.iaips for particular!. t<-etimoalali anl
IV* 0 " H"'cf for l.adloo." in letter, br retina
*\_ If Mall. 10.000 Tostlmonlali. Itmm* Paper.
. v — — I C hlch .f Chemical Co.,Mit<llMm Boaar«.
Aid by all Local DrugglaU. J' 1 1 1 1 . A I>A., I ' .V,
K£W 10-DAT— AMi:s£Mi:.YTI
MOROSCO'3
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAUJStt iIoROSCo. ..solo Lessee and .Man;*.-
Second and Last Week of the Successful Kastern
Actress.
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD I
In Her Original Characterization of EDITH LYN-
DON in Arnold Wolfom's Beautiful Scenic
liomantic Mi-loinuna,
"THE SMUGGLERS!"
1 A Play of the Sea Filled with True Senti-
ment and Thrilling Interest.
Wonderful IT Ire on the Ocean I ■
Evening Prlco3— lOc. 25c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday ami Sumliir.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). '
.Parquet, any seat. 29c: iialcony. an/ sea:, l J j.
Children, 10c, any part of the bouse.
ti:ksie^douh OVATION* TO
TAOIA.I»I XT,
Phenomenal Male soprano. Immediate h't of
HAOKR and FANNY MIDOLRY, Juvenile Char-
acter delineators; ED liATKLLK, mniical come-
dian; the AKDKtt'iONs, Colored staging Cake
Walkers, and Slg. ALBERTI and Mm-. OULAN.
Dl in scenes from "Carman" la costume.
A Hit: Olio of Novelties !
AUDITORIUM THEATER.
ONE WEEK, COnnENCINQ TO-NIGHT,
R. C. White's Magnificent Fairy spectacular
MORG-lAKTA.
First Appearance of
CAKEYUIULKIf DiatOND,-
American Burlesque Co, —65 Strong.
Mirth, Melody, Burlesque.
Prices 10c and 25c. Sunday matinee, 100 to
mil parts of the house.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. a UNTIL II P. n.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, including Admission: Adults, 25c; Chil-
dren, '20c.
General Admission. loo; Children, &a
SUTRO BATHS.
MONSTER : MAYDAY : FESTIVAL !
1000 CHILDREN WILL TAKE PART
IN MAYPOLE DANCKS.
Commencing at 10 o'clock and lasting all day.
Admission 10c: Children Only sc.
CENTRAL PARK.
-* (Decisive Game).
INTERCOLLIKJ'ATr: BASK BALL!
CALIFORNIA vs. STANFORD.
SATUKDAV, MAY 1. ................. 3 P. M.
Aduusaloa 26c and 50c,
HEW TO-DAT.
GOING p OUT
—OF
BUSINESS!
We've got a better thing than
selling Groceries in Frisco.
We want to get out, and quickly,
too.
Hurry up, or you'll be too late.
Sale commences to-day at 8
o'clock.
A SAMPLE OF OUR PRICES.
Regular Hale
Price, . Price.
$2 25—5 boxes Natural Lea! Japan
Tea ....05c
BKc— Best Quality Corn Starch, Mb
;: packages He.
$1 00 — Imported Champagne. 40c
35c— Five-year-old Claret, quart
bottles 15c
25c— Gold Medal Oysters, 2-lb cans. 15c
5c — Bleaching Savon Soap, best
quality 9c
— French Mustard, per bottle 5c
12%c— Genuine Imported French Sar-
; \ ,- dine?, per can ?c
10c — Large package 80raxaid ....... 5c
. 10c— Old Virginia Cheroots, per
; . package 5c
20c— Buttermilk Toilet Soap, 3 cakes
in a box 9c
15c— Becker's Farina, per package. .l©c
15c — Spices Ac
. 15c— Dunham's Cocoanut, per pack-
age 7 c
' 3c— Candles, good quality, each.. .. lc
$1 50— Belfast Ginger Ale (Imported),
per dozen $1.05
$1 73— Cigars, long filler;", 50 in a box, 7sc
$1 00— Old Hermitage Whisky «Oc
STORE TO LET.
FIXTURES FOR SALE.
W2CLINE
GROCER,
949-951 MARKET STREET,
!:• t c.Mi Filth and Sixth, San Francloro.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMt NTS.
TROLAriiLrLGOTTIOD -» a>- tvfti AriorvmAotM- • •
IF YOU WANT TO LAUGH COME TO
THE MATINEE TO-DAY
Or To-Nlglu and Sunday Xl?hi and Seethe Fun-
niest show In Town,
WARD AND YOKES
(Percy and Harold), *
A RUN ON THE BANK
Full of Fu 1 and fr Inane*.
"LIKK KELLY DID!"
j Matinee... 75c, 50c and 26c
I Evening 9 1.00, 75c, oOc and Me
BALDWIN THEATER.
iißivvA.\ jtCvii (Tin I ' imitmij . . nuiwi'i
MATINEE TO-DAY !
10-M«HT AND SUNDAY !
LAiT TIMES
PRIMROSE an? WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
At evory performance
GREAT VAKK WALK!
In addition to the MgolM programme.
Next Monday-DE WOLF HOPPER la "El
CAPiTAN."
j TIVOL! OPERA-HOUS2
j i.Ki.tu.\>.sTi.\K AKKt.iv 1. Proprietor •£ Jla.i*i»r
CROWDED AT EVER! PERFORMANCE!
THIS BVENINQ
THE ROMANTIC COMIC OPERA,
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
tThe Eminent iiarytone, In the title role.
: SUPERB CAST.
The : ; Greates- of AM Com c Opera
•• . Successes.
I Popular Price**: "2&i and 50-3
111 PA*7ADi ONLY MATINEE TO-
MLtm&Mn DAY, AT 3
BelascoALa>allle.Mr». | EVENING AT 8.
Meele Mac* aye's Great Drama,
"A NOBLE ROGUE!"
Don't Miss Hie Sensational Bridge Scene!
George O.ibonrne, Hugo 't'oland, Adele Belcurde,
May Buckley, Mm. K. .M. Bales, John Arm-
. strong, Virginia Jackson, cordon tuner, etc.
Prices. 15c to 60s. Keats by telephone, Black 991.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK*. ?„
The only Rentes Winter Baceuac* iv a merle*.
RAW WM
Racing From Monday, April 10, to Sat- .
nr day. May 1, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shins.
FIRST RACK AT 8 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific trains .at Thirl ant
Townsend st.s depot, lea vine ac 1 and 1:20 r. m.
Fare for Bound Trip, including vi '
mission to Grounds. HI. OO.
lake Missions:, electric line direct to trace
The Corrlgan Stakes Monday, April 10.
1 he Spreckels Cup Saturday, April 24.
The California Hurdle Wednesday. April 28.
- The Ingleside Stakes, 4 miles, Saturday, May 1.
-;- a. N. ANDKuif, Preaideni.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
THE CHUTES.
MAYDAY FKSTIVAt BY
Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. G.W.
AFTERNOON— Out-door^ Sports, Poaato Kace
and Balloon Ascension- chiloben Fres.
hVES /NO— Open-air Periormauc'es, CAVILI*
and
GrTFLANTO* BAIiL!
ADMISSION, lOc. CHILDREN, So.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING THE
SEASON. Music, Dancing:, Bowling, Boat-
ing, Fishing and ; Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices. Fare, round trip,
26c, Children 15c; including admission to ground*.
, THE STEAMER URIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. it ; 12:10;
2:00 and 4:00 p. M. Hetnrninpr, leave Xl Campo
at 11:18 A. M, 1:00. 3:00 and 5:00 p. M
_ —^ ■
GRAND OPENING
Of the CLUBHOUSK In HAYWAKDS PARK, 1
a^the Terminus of the ELECTRIC ROAD,
on SUNDAY. May 2. 1897.
Full Military ORCHESTRA from 1 to 5 p. it.
The Clubhouse will be conducted under tb«
management of Mrs. Rachel Hay ward, whose
reputation as a purveyor and hostess has no equal
ID thU state. '
. Take the Oakland Ferr/, leaTlns the foot of
Market at. every hour and half hour to Fruitvale
station. 'J he Hay wards electric cars make coo*
nections there for the park without change.
, COA'CiSRX JQYiiJKV tuMiAV during me season.
78
THE FIELD
OF SPORT
Particular interest is manifested by
wheelmen in the first meeting under the
new association rules which will be held
to-morrow at the Veledrome track. An
eDOTmous gathering of the lovers of good
racing i° expected and doubtless the con
tests will be well worth seeing. The crack
professionals have entered.
The supporters of the game of fisticuffs
are looking forward to some good sport
this month as the Olympic, National and
Pacific athletic clubs will hold entertain
ments. Several baseball games will be
played to-day and to-morrow.
The yachtsmen are now in the swim.
The Corinthians will have a cruise to
morrow, and the other clubs are making
preparations for the events which are
near at hand.
The oarsmen are manifesting strong
sitfns of healthy life. Several barges and
shells will be on the bay to-morrow morn
ing and some impromptu races are talked
uf. The lovers of gun and rod are having
•njoyment in their respective lines of
sport. Coursing, rifle-shooting, tennis,
handball, etc.. are departments of sport
which are by no means neglected.
THE WHEELMEN.
First Race Meet Here Under the
Association Sanction To-
Morrow.
The first race meet in this City under
the sanction of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock at the Velodrome,
Fell and Baker streets. None of the cap-
Chester A. Myrick, Captain Re
liance Club Wheelmen.
tains of the local clubs have called coun
try luns for the day, and tbeiobjective
point of all the riders will be this meet.
Never before have the wheelmen of this
City been so enthusiastic over a race meet
or so desirous that it should be a big suc
cess. They have renounced their alle
giance to the League of American Wheel
men and started out for themselves under
the name of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs, and they desire to show
their Eastern brethren, who were so quick
to refuse the West the divisional option it
asked ior at the last National assembly of
league delegates, that California can
easily do without the league and care for
itself as well if not much better than
with the L. A. W. support.
The "associated clubs" is a misnomer in
a way, for while it is and always has been
an association of the various cycling clubs,
recent changes in the by-laws provide for
the admission of individuals to member
snip on lhe payment of $1 entrance fee
and $1 annual dues, and those members
are entitled to similar privileges as were
received by L. A. W. members in this State.
As a result, the individual members have
simply flocked into the association. One
day this week a man handed in six appli
cations and the day following five more,
nnd they have come from all quarters.
Judge Kerrigan, on his return from Red
wood City yesterday, found a stack of
mail on his desk, most of which was ap
plications and remittances. Not for a long
time has a cycling movement in this State
met with such hearty support. Most of
these people who have joined are ex
league members, or whose memberships
in the old organization have not yet ex
pired. Surely the association starts out
with very flattering encouragement in the
support it has received from the riders.
It must be understood that the associ
ated clubs by no means intend to give the
major portion of their attention to the
support oi Sunday racing. That is only
one of many other features they will
cover, such as the issuance of a roadbook,
handbook, weekly bulletin, the arrange
ment of hotel rates, attention to legisla
tive matters interesting wheelmen, and
so on. Of course the issue and eventual
estrangement from the league was brought
about by the Sunday-racing question.
And as the issue was particularly on that
subject, naturally the desire is to make
to-morrow's meet as big a success as pos-
Bible to show the effete Easterners, who
cannot understand how a Caiifornian can
attend sports on the Sabbath day and
still be a Christian, that it is quite pos
sible to give a bicycle lace meet here on
a Sunday afternoon and attract to it the
best class of people.
The entries, heats and handicaps for the
meet were given in The Call yesterday.
There is a splendid programme, the riders
are some of the best amateurs and profes
sionals now in the State, and to one in
terested in ihe sport the meet should be
welt worth attending.
The appearance of OttoZieglerJr., said to
be the best rider California has ever pro
duced, and who ranks fifth in the list of
American champions, will be a greatdraw
mg card. When a man like Ziegler, whose
fame and name have been made on East
ern tracks under the sanction of the
L. A. W., is ready to forsake it for the
new association, it is safe to predict that
the other cracks who have been a bit
chary about entering into the new regime
will soon follow. Besides Ziegler, there
is Ciinton Coulter, whose unpaced mile of
1:59 is still the world's record, and who
has heretofore always raced on the Na
tional circuit.
If either Coulter or Ziegler thought for
a moment that the new association would
not be a success, or that their racing in
terests would not be better rared for than
by the L. A. W. they would not be likely
to join it and thereby incur permanent
suspension from ali Eastern track*. But
I would not be surprised to see ihe influ
ence of the C. A. C. C. spread, other State
associations formed and the control of
racing taken entirely out of the bands of
ihe L. A. W. very shortly — an end devoutly
to be wished lor.
The regular monthly meeting of the C.
A. C. C. will be held this evening at the
rooms of the Garden City Cyclers in San
Jose, and all delegates are requested to be
present.
The Imperial Cycling Club will install
its newly elected officers next Monday
night.
The Alameds Cyclers have elected the
following officers: V. A. Dodd, presi
dent; T. C. Stoddard, vice-president;
F. E. Graham, secretary; L. Hogg, treas
urer; Jesse F. Ives, Clinton Fortner and
\V. H. Ramsey, directors. Richard
Meserole was chosen captain. The club
has made arrangements for the erection
of a gymnasium on the lot adjoining the
clubhouse, and it will be lilted with all
modern appliances.
The East Oakland Wheelmen held their
first party last evtning at Washington
Hall, East Oakland. It was well attended
and every one had an enjoyable time.
The fourth annual "old man's run" of
the Reliance Club "Wheelmen will be held
to-morrow to tho top of Mount Tamal
pais. Don't think for a moment that the
"old men" propose wheeling to tn« top of
the Marin County eminence. Not bo.
The itinerary includes a tug ride from the
foot of Broadway, Oakland, to San Quen
tin; thence by wheel via San Rafael to
Mill Valley, an easy ride, where the train
will be taKen to the top of the mountain.
After lunch they will return by train to
Sausalito, where they will again embark
on the tug, visit points of interest about
the bay and go home. Messrs. Jerome,
Bernays and Lovell have the outing in
charge, which is enough to insure a good
time.
Walter F. Foster, the well-known pro
fessional racer, was married Thursday to
Miss Laura Blair of this City. The happy
couple left for the south on their honey
moon.
The San Francisco Road Club was to
have held a high jinks and smoker at its
clubrooms, 503 Golden Gate avenue, this
evening, but owing to the death of one of
the members the affair has been post
poned.
Thomas H. B. Varney and C. M. Christ
offer returned from Chicago Thursday.
Christoffer had never been further East
man Oakland before he made this journey,
and happened into Varney's store at 4:30
o'clock the day he was leaving. In a
joking way, he said to Varney, "I'll go
with you." "Well, you'll have to hurry
up about it," replied Varney. "The boat
leaves at 6 o'clock." He laughed and
thousrht no more about it. Christoffer got
on his wheel, rode out to his house on
btanyan street, changed his clothes, tooK
some money, remounted his wheel and
caught the 6 o'clock boat, sending his
bicycle back by a messenger-boy. They
say the sight of him living down the cable
slot with a grip in one hand and an over
coat over his arm, was something not to
be forgotten. Varney was somewhat sur
prised when he showed up, but they had
a good time on the trip.
T. Alfred Griffiths of the Bay City
Wheelmen is touring through Lake County
on a pleasure trip.
R. M. Welch, chairman of the track
racing committee of the Associated Clubs,
has issued his bulletin No. 2. as folio*-.-:
The president of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs hns appointed A. G. Col of San
Jose and R. M. Thompson of Fresno members
of the track-racing committee. There are two
members yei to be appointed. R. A. Smyth of
San Francisco is appointed official handicap
per.
Since the Associated Clubs assumed control
of track racing in California (April 3, 1807)
the following sanctions have been issued:
April 10, Academic Athletic League, San
Francisco; April 10, Santa Rosa Business Col
lege, Santa Kosa; April 24, Knights of Pythias,
Hanford; April 25, Bakersfield Cycling Club,
Bakersfiela; May 1, Tehachapi Cycling Club,
Tehachapi; May 1, Capital City Wheelmen,
Sacramento; May 1, Madera County Wheel
men, Madera; May 1, Fresno Track Associa
tion, Freino; May 1, Dixon Driving Park As
sociation, Dixon:" May 2, the Velodrome, San
Francisco.
Records accepted— Professional competition
(paced) — One mile, W. E. Becker, San Francis
co, February 22, 1897, 1:58; two miles, W. E.
Becker. San Francisco, February 2"-'. 1897,
3:54 3-5; three miies, W. E. Becker, tan hran
cisco, February 22, 1897. 5:55; four miles. W.
E. Becker, San Francis-co. February 22, 1897,
7:54 3-5; five miles, W. E. Becker, San Fran
cisco, February 22, 1897, 9:54 3-5.
R. M. Welch.
Chairman Track Racing Committee, Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs.
Quite a party of wheelmen and wheel
women will picnic at Schaefers Grove,
near Ross Station, Marin County, to-mor
row, including members of the Camera
Club Cyclists ana the Chance Acquaint
ance Club of Oakland. They will take the
9a. M. Sausalito ferry and train to Corte
Madera and ride from there to destina
tion. After lunch a run will be made to
Larkspur for a dip in the salt water baths
there. Spalding.
THE PUGILISTS.
Bouts That Will Ba Held In This
City During tho Month
of May.
The directory of the Olympic Club de
cided at a meeting held last evening that
its grand boxing entertainment, which
was got up purposely for the benefit of
the club, will be held in Woodward's Pa
vilion on the evening of May 18 and that
the prices of admission are to be $5, $3, $2
and $1.
Jeffries, the champion heavy-weight of
Los Angeles, returned from the Angel
City yesterday and will commence train
ing to-day in Oakland under the instruc
tions of Billy Delaney. His opponent,
Henry Baker, is putting on muscle and
lubricating his nether limbs at Blanken's
hostelry. Joe Gans, the celebrated fighter,
is stationed at the Terrace baths in Ala
meda and Al. Leonard, the stocky little
New York pugilist who is to hold a fistic
interview with tne Baltimore champion,
will locate at filanken's. They hare
agreed to weigh in on the day of the tight
at 133 pounds. Riley and Lawler, two
locai bantam-weight pugilists, will open
the evening's entertainment with a ten
round bout, which gives promise of being
very interesting.
The Pacitic Athletic Club haa decided to
give a grand boxing entertainment some
evening during this month for the benefit
of the unemployed, and it is said that the
committee which has the Balboa boule
vard fund in charge will loot after me
financial end of the sbow.
A new athletic club is being organized
on the South Side, the following gentle
men having the charter roll in charge:
James H. Kennedy, Frank Skuce, Frank
Lawler, Thomas Kelly, James Learv and
several otuers. Over 200 signatures a"re on
the roll. A permanent organization will
be formed on Monday evening. May 3, at
the old Manhattan Athletic Club Hali
corner of Eighth and Folsom streets. It
is the intention of the promoters of this
club to establish one of the largest clubs
in the City. In order to have the club
house remodeled, decorated and put in
first-class shape, purchase apparatus and
refurnish the clubrooms, an initiation
fee of %2 will be charged. The dues will be
50 cents per month. It is also intende.l
to have an amateur boxing contest once
a month.
The National Club will give an enter
tainment in the latter part of this month.
The event of the evening will be a twenty
round contest between McKiever and
George Qreen.
Latent intelligence from New York is to
the effect that the boxing club munagers
are cutting each others' throats and that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY I,« 1897.
the snort will soon find a grave in that
great city. Tom O'Rourke, who is the
acknowledged king of the boxing club
managers, has a happy way of making
enemies for himself among those who op
pose him in business. Artful Thomas
waits until an opposition club in about to
sign two able-bodied scrappers and at the
last moment O'Rourke sends a courier tv
the training quarters of the scrappers with
a message stating that he (O Ronrke)
wishes to see them on most important
business.
Pugilists, generally speaking, have little
regard for principle; they will not hesi
tate to throw one club down and favor an
opposition club if they can profit by the
scheme in any way. The result of the
message is soon made apparent. The
pugs hold a coherence with artful
Thomas — all on the quiet — and he signs
them to do battu in his club just at a
time when an opposition club has made
all arrangement" for the contest after
having the word and "honor" of the
principals that they would positively ap
pear under its management.
O'Rourke outbids his opponents be
cause he has the "political push" at his
back and consequently can afford to
venture where the others dare not tread.
It is very probable that the boxing cluos
of New York will be short lived.
Tde next battle of importance that
O'Rourke will pull off will be a twenty
round contest between Peter Maher and
Tom Sharkey, and good judges contend
that if Maher cannot put the sailor to
sleep in six or eight rounds the latter will
have a good chance of winning the long
end of the green, as Maher cannot go a
long distanoe. Although iSbarkey is not
known as a tighter who knocks his game
out he is nevertheless a big husky fellow
who will bother any man that cannot "do
him" in tolerably quick order.
THE ANGLER.
Dynamiting Trout Near Glen Ellen.
Fishing In Lake Pillar
cltos.
Angling in coast streams should now be
at its best, but sportsmen who nave re
cently returned from the mountains re
port that the rivers and streams wili not
be ripe for fly-lishing for some weeks to
come.
Al Cum ming and Achilla Eoos got back
from a two weeks' vacation on Thursday,
and Gumming is chock full of trout
stories. He states that the trout of
| Klamath River have a soft and unpleasant
flavor, caused, doubtless, by the water,
which is of a muddisn color, attributable
to tne many tons of decayed tule in a lake
wliico is the river's source.
Mr. Camming found fisbtraps in Spen
ser Creek, which stream is in the State of
Oregon. Ths trappers catch the fish ana
j ship them to Sarramanto. He also states
that professional fishermen capture many
tons of ttout in the season by means of
I dipnets, which are placed under the
Klamaihan Falls. Fisti Commissioner
Vogelsang will pay a visit to Ager in a
few days purposely to inspect the dam.
Messrs. Cooper, Walker and Cooney
' caught some nice trout last Sunday in Los
' Gatos Creek, but the stream is yet too
hi«h for good fly-fishing.
Frank Doliiver is an odd character. He
': was hshing in a stream which runs
through the grounds of the Country Club
recently, when lie was accosted by a mem
ber in this wise:
'•Weil, sir, what are you doing here?
Don't you know that this is private prop
erty ?"
Doliiver looked amusingly at his ques
tioner for a few seconds and then
answered:
"Oh, yes; I understand that this is the
Country Club all right enough, but I re
cently joined the Overland Hunting and
Fishing Club, which gives members the
right to fasn and 6hoot wherever they
please."
The Country Club sportsman Imme
diately saw the point of the joke and al
lowed tne trespasser to enjoy himself for
the balance of the day.
Some very nice trout have been taken
from Lake Pillarcitos since April 1 by
anglers who hart permission from the
Spring Valley Water Company to fish.
The trout are in good condition.
It is rumored that permits wili soon be
issued to anglers who desire to try their
luck on Lake San Andreas. The Crystal
Lake will not be opened this year to any
but directors of the company.
It has been learned from excellent au
thority that two saloon-keepers at Glen
Ellen have been using dynamite for the
purpose of killing fishes in Sonoma Creek.
They cast in their sticks late in the even
ing or early in the morning and as a re
sult a number of dead suclcers and chubs
can be seen floating in the pools above the
town of Glen Ellen.
The angling fraternity ha 1 ? lost in H. B.
Myers one of its oldest members. The
poor old gentleman, who was passionately
fond of angling, was buried last Thurs
day. It is only a few weeks ago when he
wa; seen watching his pole with the keen
est of interest in the center of a number of
anglers who were fishing at the "White
House," Point Reyes.
Anglers will also regret to learn that
John Sammi, one of the organizers of the
San Francisco Kod and Gun Club, has
been confined to his home with stomach
troubles for the past week, but his phyii
cian reports that he will soon be con
valescent. It is hoped that Jnck will
make a vigorous idek against dull care
and sickness and be among his friends
soon a.-am.
The FUh Commissioners, Messrs. Em
eric and Vogelsang, have requested the
Spring Valley Water Company not to
open Lake San Andreus until July 1,
when the bass season will commence. If
the Fish Commissioners were as active in
the protection of fishes in public streams
as they are in offering suggestion! to
corporations the tax-payers of the coun
try who ar« sportsmen and anglers would
better appreciate the service of a Fish
Commission.
THE OARSMEN.
The South Ends Will Picnic at the
Bohemian Grove To-
Morrow.
The South End crews have commenced
training for their club regatta, which will
take place over the long-bridge course on
Sunday, May 16
The Midgets were outlast Sunday morn
ing and rowed in their old-time form.
They are all in the pink of condition and
are confident that the new senior crew
will pay for the French dinner.
Gus Carson, the afterwaist, had not
rowed a barge for many months, and it is
sui I that as be stepped into the boat be
smiled lor the first rime since the 9th of
September, when on that memorable oc
casion his smiles were drowned in the
gloomy and desolate waters of tne Stock
ton Siough and the Stockton Giants were
declared the champions of 1896.
The junior crews have all been working
hard, and with another week's training
should be able to make a favorable show
ins.
Joe Lyons will captain one of the crews,
and in this position will prove a valuab.e
man.
James Feehan is alto a very ambitions
junior, and with a little more experience
be will give the men in his class a lively
race for honors.
To-morrow the South Ends will lay
aside their boats and oars, and for the first
time in many years will take up their
lunch-baskets'and fishing-poles and spend
the day among the giant redwoods and
pine forests of Bohemia Grove.
Judging from ttie amount of tickets al
ready sold and the deep interest which all
the members have taken in this outing,
it is safe to predict that it will be a grand
success.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club made a great success of its picnic
to Bohemia Grove last Sunday.
T. J. Sullivan has offered a diamond
medal to be won three times by outrigeer
skiff oarsmen. The first race will beheld
May 23, and five of the entrants have be
gun training. Alex Pape is receiving
pointers from William McCausland, and
T. R. Keenan, T. J. Kennedy, T. M. Fer
guson and Will Patch have begun work
at the boathouse. Pape will row in Mc-
Causland's boat, as it is rigged to suit him.
Three times a week the Dolphin crew
row around AlcAtraz Island. The crew is
composed of Will Patch, stroke; Alex
Pa jyj.JaUer waist; T. J. Kennedy, forward
wai»t, and William Meyer, dow, with T.
K. Keenan cockswain.
Captain Patch will keep this crew to
gether and enter them in me El Campo
regatta, schedubd for June 6.
The club is building a float, 20x15, to
be anchored 100 yards irom the boathouse
for the use of the swimmers.
A challenge has been posted in the boat
house by a crew composed of T. R. Keenan,
T. J. Kennedy, Alexander Pape and W ill
Patch, to- row any crew in the club a race
in the four-oared shell against the racing
barge. The conditions are that the shell
is to have inside course in a race of mile
and a naif straight away.
James J. Cronin and James Laib have
also posted a challenge to paddle a canoe
against Fred Woerner and Charley Roach
ior a French dinner, with George R. Sulli
van ai stakeholder.
THE YACHTSMEN.
The Corinthians Will Set Sail
to McNear's To-
Night.
The iecretary of the Encinal Yacht
Club has notified the Corinthians of the
recelval of their challenge. No action will
be taken until the board of directors meet
on Monday next.
The interest in small boats is on the in
crease, as is shown by the late additions
to the Corinthian fleet.
F. E. Baker is having a cat-yawl built
by Wilson from designs tnat appeared in
the Rudder. She will be 23 feet over all
and 16 feet load water line. She has an
up-to-date appearance and should develop
great speed. -. .- '
Charles Barlage is having a boat simi
lar to Baker's built. She will be cat
ringed and will be 19 feet over all. When
completed she will be called the Dread
naught.
As the new boats will be finished in
time for the next regatta a good race will
surely take place among these half-raters.
The Chispa set sail for Benicia last
week. Ex-Commodore Gutte has had her
on Turner's ways, where she was thor
oughly overhauled and put in first-class
shape for the season.
In the opening cruise last Sunday the
Amigo was very much admired by yachts
men. The shifting of her mast two feet
and six inches has improved the boat won
derfully. She showed great speed and
will surely give the other footers a
close race in the coming regattas.
■ To-night all the Corinthian boats will
cruise to McNears'. . This is practically
the first cruise of the season and a large
number of boats are expected to go.
Peter Dean has again chartered the
Frolic for the season. The boat has un
dergone extensive alterations, and she
makes a handsome appearance in the
water.
■ ♦
BASEBALL.
Berkeley and Stanford Will Play
the Deciding? Gama To-
Day.
At Central Park this afternoon the
Stanford and Berkeley nines will play
their final game for the year. It will de
cide which university is to become the
owner of the University Club cup.
The Grand Rule Bazaar of Oakland
will play the Marcus & Bummels at Six
teenth and Folsom streets at 2:30 p. m.
to-day.
The following teams will play at Six
teenth and Folsom streets to-morrow:
San Francisco Bulletin v*. Clippers, Pre
cita Parlor vs. Rincon Parlor, O'Connor
<fc Moffatt vs. Kolhberg, Strauss and
Frohman.
The following teams will play at the
Presidio athletic grounds to-morrow:
Caliopeans vs. United States Regulars,
clerks of the Union Iron Works vs. ap
prentices, the California Markets vs. C. J.
Hesse man s.
The Florida Star? easily defeated the
Oletas by a score of 10 to 4. The winners
would like to hear from any amateur team
under 14 years. Address all challenges to
h. Crawlord, at the Old I X L, Mission
and Sixth streets.
Tb« Stockbrokers defeated tha Ban
Francisco Stock Board in a game of Jball
last Saturday at the park by a scoro of 23
to 22.
Toe Qrand Rule Bazaar team of Oak
land defeated tbe Duff House team 1 by a
score of 6 to 4.
The Alameda Alerts will play the San
Francisco Athletic Club at the opening of
the Alameda Baseball Park in Alameda
to-morrow.
HANDBALL.
Olympic Club Players Are Aaratn
Flouring Upon a New
Court.
The Olympic Club handball-players
hare determined to put their shoulders to
th« wheel and subscribe sufficient money
themselves for the construction of a regu
lation-size handball court, which will be
within easy reach of the club's swimming;
tank. Last evening a number of promi
nent players met at the club and a com
mittee was appointed to confer with the
owner of the property that adjoins the
club on the weat side and report" proeress
this evening. It is said that the owner of
the lot on which the proposed court will
be constructed has offered to meet the
players half way— that is so far as the ex
pense attached tp the construction of a
tine court is concerned — and if all goes
well tne Olympic Club ball-players will
soon have a court, independent of the
club, that they can justly feel proud of.
The following games of hnndball will
b» played to-morrow at Phil liyaii's court,
858 Howard street:
J. Nagle aad M. Fojrarty vs. M. O'Brien and
D. O'Brien; J. Collins and E. Toy vs. R.
Murphy and J. White; D. Kodcersand P. Ryan
vs. G. McDonald nnd M. McNeil; J. Lawless
aud P. Ke ly vs. G. Rutchlnson and A. Pen
noyer; J. C. Nealou and A. Hampton vs. R.
Llnehan and P. Donnelly.
The event of the day will be the finish of the
single-hand gamo between J. Riordan and T.
F. Bonnet.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The Scheduled Cup Matches for the
Season and Other Interesting
Notes.
The California Cricket Association has
issued the schedule of interclub matches
to be played for the Hunter Harrison
cup. The events are thirty-six in nam
ber, the last to be played October 10.
Following are the officers and delegates
of the association for the year:
Officers — Edward Brown, president; vice
presidents—A. G. Sheath, R. B. Hogue, John
t-alvert, A. E. Coates; Arthur lukersley, sec
retary and treasurer.
Delegates: Alameda C. C— R. B. Hogne and
H. Ward; Bohemian C. €.— A. G. Sheath and
W. Robertson; California C. C— M. Moran ;
Placer County C. C— H. A. Butt and R. Marsh
Browne; Pacific C. C— G<>orge Theobald and
i. Sewell; San Jose C. C— C. H. Coles and G.
A. Grahume; Lakeport C. C— W. O. Edmauds
and EL V. Keeliug. "
At the present time it would seem that
the California club will have to drop out
of the competition. Twice have they en
deavored to put a team on the field and
failed. Should their dissolution take
place it will involve a three-cornered ar
rangement of games, which means the use
of only one field a week.
Cricket news from the East and North
is just commencing to come to hand.
The Multnomah Club of Portland, led
by their able chief, Char!ey Lawrence, an
ex-Alamedan, are busy practicing for a
cricK6t match with the Australian base
ball men — to be played some time in May.
A representative eleven from the Phila
delphia and other Eastern combinations
will start for England in the course of a
few weeks.
Owing to the inability of the Californiaa
to round up a team, their match with
Alameda, scheduled for to-morrow, will
be forfeited. This will give everybody a
chance to witness the Pacific- Bohemia
contest at Golden Gate, which is likoly to
be well worth seeing. Umfiek.
THE GUN.
Club Shoots That Will Be Held To-
Morrow Near This City.
The much-talked-of Golcher's handicap
tournament, which is open to all lovers of
inanimate-targets hooting, will be held
to-morrow at the Pacific tournament
grounds. No entrance fee will be charged,
the participants paying the price of birds
shot at only. The system of handicap
ping adopted should guarantee a large
entry, as every shooter will have a chance
of winning one or more of the valuable
prizes offered. The expert target-smash
ers will shoot at twenty-rive birds, and all
other participants will be given a handi
cap of from one to five birds, according to
their known merit in trap-shooting.
The other shooting events announced to
take place to-morrow are: California Wing
Shooting Club at Ingleside, Lincoln Gun
Clud at Alameda Point and Encinal Gun
Club bhoot at Bira's Point.
Basket Ball.
Two more scores were added to the list
of the championship games during the
week.
One of tne games was played in the
gymnasium of the Oakland Y. M. C. A.,
between tne Business Men's team and the
Ninety-sevens, botn of San Francisco, and
going to battle on foreign territory. It
was a good, clean game, and remarkable
for two records which were made. It
showed the smallest number of fouls, or
violations of rules, one single foul being
called only, and this for making progress
with the ball by Wilson of the Business
Men's team. The Ninety-sevens played
the prettiest game from a "legal' 1 stand
point. Unfortunately for tnem, they aid
not score any goals either. The Business
Men carried off the victory with 22 to 0
points to their credit.
It was a close gam« when the Athens of
Oakland fought tne Rushers of San Fran
cisco. The game was' played in the gym
nasium of the Young Mens' Christian
Association on Ellis and Mason streets, of
our City. In the first half it was impossi
ble to predict which side would come out
on top. The ball was tossed up many
times to the mouth of the basket, bin the
basket did not seem to care much for the
pill and repeatedly refused to swallow it.
Manager Shaw, who did some good work
for the Rushers, became almost supersti
tious and could not see why the ball did
not do what he wauted it. The Athens
put up a splendid game. They made use
of every opportunity and when their op
ponents were not close to their sides they
would gain space and try for goal. The
score stood 6 to 1 in favor of the Athens
from Oakland.
Sacramento Sporting: News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 29.— George H.
\oung surprised all the crackerjacks of the
Capital City Bluerock Club last Sunday by
smashing 23 out of 25 clay boys and leading
the club list. It is said that this was not a
surprise to W. H. Young, and that the old
veteran duck slaughterer. Captain Young,
was so proud over the performance of the
youngster that he get 'em up in good style.
Just the same it was a great performance, and
"My Brother George" has demonstrated that he
is a not one. The scores made were as follows :
G. H. Young 23, Thomas 21, F. M. Newbert 21.
F. C. Yoerk;i7, Ruhstaller Jr. 17, A. A. Nico
laus 15, E. D. Adams 14, Dr. Duel 14, W. H.
Young 14, Helms 13, F. Keisel 13, Roberts 19.
"The Spoonbills" were also out in force, ana
considering the hard wind they made excel
lent scores: C. Flohr 20, S'eigler 19. Soule 19,
Gruhler 18, Fitzgerald 17, Thomas 17, Wormer
17, Chapman 15, E<:khardt 15, Damni 15,
Shore 14, Bohn 12.
The racing element of the Capitol City
Wheelmen will put up a series of races on
Mayday. The protest made by the Stockton
Oluo in the late road race has aroused con
siderable indignation among the members of
the club, but they claim to possess ample
pmof that they did "the square thing."
Parson Upson's pointer has developed into a
great rustler. When hungry he leaves the
store, goes to the nearest hotel or restaurant,
orders lunch put up, and brings it with the
bill to the store and proudly carries it to his
master. Truckee's enthusiastic trout fisher,
Dr. Schoemaker, reports several good baskets
for the past week, but the streams are still
high. A whist club has been started In this
city with a membership of nearly 300 ladies
and gentlemen. The intention is to procure
flrst-clsss clubrooms, which will be kept open
day and night ior the use of members. No
gaming of any description allowed. The list
contains the names of all the leading citizens
of 'he city who enjoy the game, and a grand
success is assured. Several private tennis
courts have been formulated of late, and re
newed interest is being shown in the sport;
as yet the club has no! selected new courts to
replace the ones that have boen torn up, but
it expecu to do so in the near future.
Rutherford.
SOOIALISTS AND POLICE.
Fnblic Street Meetings Held in Spite of
the Authorities-
The members of the Socialist Labor
party have resumed their street meetings
again In order to spread the doctrines they
advocate. The first attempts in this direc
ij^%k nm siaMl
jagglfei ol Excellence 1
TB^mn ft cures Constipation, Sick \*
J? <^kl3Qt^^ way that he u "P le^nt II
J| 'i^^Suf^F'xr results of common mcdi- £*
40 Sold by Drugrsista for Fifty Tears. - c i nes are avoided. *J
40 TARRAHT & CO., Chemitta, ;; Hew York. "It tastes good, too " >T
tion met with some opposition on the part
of the police, but the Socialists came out
of the controversy victorious. On W< dnes
day the speakers assembler! on Sixth
street, below the corner of Market. >o
sooner was the speakers' stand placed
than a policeman told George Speed tnat
he would not be permitted to speak there.
Speed's answer was that nothing short of
being arretted would stop him. The bluft
worked all right and the officer Kept nim
self busy during the rest cf the meetinsr
by seeing that the sidewalk was kept
open to pedestrians.
Thursday evening W. M Wilkins, E. T.
Kinusley and others opened the meeting
again in the same place and a large
crowd assembled. Another officer went
up to the speaker and told him ttiat there
wouid be no meeting allowed there that
night and for him to get down.
This provoked the ire of Wilkins, wuo
cried : "This is a public meeting and under
the State and United States constitutions
we are allowed the right of free speech.
If you don't keep quiet or disturb this
meeting I will arrest you for disturbing a
public meeting."
Again the bluff worked, for the officer
went to the telephone and was instructed
to keep an open passage-way on the side
walk, which he did, and the meeting pro
ceeded without further disturbance.
STAHLE AGAIN INDICTED.
The Grand Jury Found That He
Got Away With Hospital
Carpets.
Investigation of the Straw BonJ
Scandal m Which Clerk* Foley
I Concerned.
The Grand Jury went into Judge Sea
well's court yesterday afternoon and pre
sented another indictment for embezzle
ment against Dr. F. H. Stahie, ex-super
intendent of the City and County Hospi
tal. The paper filed yesterday sets forth
that Dr. Stable appropriated to his own
use carpets purchased by the City for the
hospital.
The investigation of charges against
John W. Foley, clerk of Police Court No.
2 was resumed yesterday afternoon by the
Grand Jury. The witnesses examined
were Officer Dukes and Wong Ting, the
expert of the Chief of Police. The expert
inspected quite a number of bonds, and
found that such alleged sureties as Chang
Chung, Ching Ling, You Chow, Sim On,
Chan Low and Ah Won did not exist.
Their names appeared on bail bonds for
the release of offenders. It was the judg
ment of the expert that the bonds were
worthless.
Clerk Foley waa on hand when the ses
sion began, but as the Finance Committee
of the Board of .Supervisors desired his
presence before that body he was excused
for the day by the jury.
The report of the Grand Jury commit
tee on parks, accompanied by the report
of the experts, will be submitted next
Tuesday. The report is elaborate and in
general terms commendatory of the man
agement of Golden Gate Pars.
A detailed statement of all moneys re
ceived and disbursed by the Park Com
missioners since July 1, 1896, is embodied
in the reports of the experts. The report
shows in itemized form for wbal purpose
the money was expended.
READY TO HEAL THE SICK.
Hahnemann Hosnital College Presented
Nineteen Graduates With Diplomas
I. nit J-veniiig.
Nineteen graduates of the Hahnemann
Hospital College of San Francisco stepped
from the platform in Native Sons' Hall,
last evening, and entered the professional
world as legally authorized physicians.
Seven of the nineteen graduates are young
women, and during the commencement
exercisss all expressed an intention of
making their life labor that of healing the
sick.
The graduates are: Fred W. Alura
baugh, John A. Beck, Nelson Pierrepont
Crooks, William J. Houston, Collister P.
Houston, William Lyman Hood, Clayton
L. Rich, Alvin R. McCullough, Freuerick
William Walton Huliue, James Edward
Bhafer, Sophas Nicolai Jorgensen, Samuel
Johnson Stewart, Henry W. Wagner and
the Misses Angie M. C. Camp, Edna M.
Greenwood, Emily Hartman, Laura Isa
bella Hurd, Elizabeth Alice Jellings and
Lzzie Lain.
During the evening the following pro
gramme was rendered:
Overture, "A Summer Nigrnt," waltz; prayer,
Rev. John Hemphill, D.D. ; "Under the Double
Eagle, " marca; address to the graauates on
behalf of thu faculty, E. R. Bryant, M.D. ;
"Sueno Troical," Spanish dance; vocal solo,
selected, S. Homer Henley; address, Hon. W.
H. Jordan; "Perquien Susperas," mazourka;
Tocal solo, S. Homer Henley; presentation of
the graduates by the dean, response by the
vice-president of the board of directors,
Charles L. Tisdale, M.D. ; popular airs, med
ley; benediction; "Zacatecas," march.
POISOH" TOR PETS.
A Mysterious Woman Has Declared
War Against Dogs and Cats.
The police, as well as the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, are on
the lookout for some fiend in the neigh
borhood of Baker and Folsom streets who
has been spreading poison for the extinc
tion of dogs.
The neighborhood is one of private
homes, and the residents nearly all have
pet does. Last year about this time a
Great Dane and two hunting dogs were
poisoned, and heavy rewards were offered
for the capture and conviction of the
poisoner. The latter, however, disap
peared until a week ago, when a dozen or
more dogs and cata were taken violently
ill, and were only saved from death by
remedies promptly applied.
The belief is that a mysterious woman
seen skulking about the neighborhood
some time ago threw poisoned meat into
the back yards of the different houses.
Suddeu Death.
Maurice Maloney, a native of Ireland, aged
50 years, and laborer by occupation, dropped
dead yesterday after carrying a trunk down
stairs from 1512 California street. He was as
sisting an expressman in removing trunks
from the house.
The deceased wai a single man and roomed
at the Reno House. The probable cause of
death was heart disease.
Labor Statistics.
Special Agent Carroll and Experts O. A.
Bernard and Frank Sheridan of the United
States Department of Labor at Washington
D. C, arrived here a few days ago for the pur
pose of getting statistics on labor for tiie use
oi the department.
WEW TO-DAT.
THE ADVANCE
AGENTOFHEASLTH
■I *^*ii§wNfe "V ™> Tfil rs*yi amiili
Miniature Fac-Simile*
DOCTOR SWEANY,
AVho<e reputation is established by ten
year* of successful practico at, 737
Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
L()§T And all the attend-
mm ft /in ing ailments of
MANHOOD nervous debi-
lity of Young, Middle-aged
and Old Men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND An blood
SKIN DISEASES. l a n ' y at3 $Z
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent
cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Absolute secrecy in all pro-
fessional dealings.
Call or address
li. S^WTEANY, 3VE.X9.
737 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
THE
WEEKLY
GHLL
of It Publishes the Cream of the
W News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°X IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY •
©< PAPER ON THE ;.
gj PACIFIC COAST
3"" \~~ / ~
) The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to date
o< / \
©^ Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or ; Uninteresting."
ol Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
_J Thoughtful. Truth.
O< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
jj 0 o ALL THE TIME.
©/IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
_J HOME: : /.- 1: <; MAIL, $1.50
°\ INDUSTRIES ■ % A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALI
*i'*'d&%&£2&i££?ltl '''' *•" is r a a«i-poisonou»
*>^Es&Bf^^~^^Brfm remedy for Goaor.'hoea.
t " JIJEfi> MSB Gleot, Spermatorrhoea,
g^tff in l tos.iay3.^B White*, unnatural div
M*jp2f auinauxa fl charges, or any inliamma«
VM. D<t to Btrietare. tion, irritation or ulccra*
g~j^Prevenu conugion. tion of mucous mem*
fik*ITHEEvAN3CHEMICUCo. branes. Non-astringent
I^B^CINCINNATI.O BBfli Sold V y Urngffiatr, •
v^S^. U.S. a 29[ T 2 r ' rlt in P^in wr-ppq'-,
-^HTV H OircuUr Kin or. r: mukVSTRAW BOND MILL
IN OPERATION
Result of an Investigation
by Expert New
man.
Two Worthless Bonds Discov
ered and One of the Defend
ants Has Fled.
A Prisoner Released on His Own
RecogD.iz.ince Fails to Appear
in Court.
As a result of an investigation by Chri3
Newman, the expert of the Board of Hu
pervtsori, two bonds recently accepted by
Judge i ampbell have be«n declared worth
less and bench warrants have teen issued
from the Superior Court for the arrest of
the two defendants.
One of them, Nellie Murphy, alias
Mamie Meehan, a notorious pickpocket,
was arrested yesterday afternoon, but the
other, John Langer, a pork butcher, can
not be found, and the police believe ho
bus fled the City.
Lauger was arrested March 5, for asEault
with a deadly weapon upon G. Hranuelli,
a cook in the restaurant at 1146 Market
street, on March 5. He struck him over
the bead with an iron bucket and nearly
killed him. He was released on his own
recognizance by Judge . Conlan, but the
j'ndge, on hearing the 'serious nature of
the case issued a bench warrant for his
arrest. • ■ • . ■
Langerkept out of the way till April
10, when Detectives Dillon and Crockett
arrested him in a butcher's shop in the
Mission. On April 16 be was held to an
swer before the Superior Court in $1000
bonds by Actinc Judge Kerrigan, and
three days later was sent to the County
Ja:l, but he was released on bonds that af
ternoon. :
The sureties were Alexander J. Meader,
a notorious straw-boudscnan, and Mrs. D.
P. Smith. Meader qualiried on lot 67,
!~'choolhouse station, tfan Mafo, which he
swore was of the value of $1000. Newman
wrote to Assessor Hayward o.' San Mateo
County and received a reply that the lot
.->essed at $00. The name of Mrs. D.
.•^niitb, who qualified on property ai
M ssion street, cannot be found on
• tie records.
In tue case of Nellie Murphy she was
to answer for erand larceny by Judge
J achimsen in $1000 bonds, aud on April
I'l she was released on bonds.
Meader was one of the sureties, and he
n.-.iin quahliej on the same lot in San
0 assessed for JSO. The other surety
.'oseph N. More, who qualified on a
run s.c- store, 1936% Mission street, which
sed for $!»(J.
: These facts were communicated by
Newman to District Attorney Barnes,
and bench warrants were immediately
1 for the arrest of Langer and Nellie
Marpny..
The bonds were not handed to Newman
..'■lie Camp Dell till April 2»>, although
one was accepted on April 19 and the
other on April 2L
A case suowing the evil of prisoners be
ing released on their own recognizance Dy
-:e io whose court the prisoner is not
assigned came to light yesterday.
John Harris, r boiler-maker, 28 years of
• is arrested Tuesday afternoon by
Policemen Buckley and Ennis in South
J-an Francisco for being arunk and for
tarrying a concealed weapon. He was
i at the soutnern station at 2:20 p.
■• . v.as removed to the City Prison about
M , and was released on his own
recognizance at 5:15 p. M. by Judge Low
et the recjne*: of Attorney Gallagher.
Yesterday morning when the case was
cal.ed in Acting Police Judge Kerrigan's
Harris failed to appear, as was ex
: from the fact that he bad hinted
- much before he was released, and a
bench warrant was issued for his arrest.
secnting Attorney Mogan took occa
remart that it was an instance of
the evil of a Judce releasing a prisoner on
his .own recognizance without knowing
whether the caso would be aligned to hiß
court.
It is not believed that John Harris is
the man's real name, and the police ex
pect to have considerable difficulty in
nnding him.
THE YAQUINA.
Captain Hinkie Exonerated From AH
Blame by the Inspec
tors.
Captains Phillips and Bohl, Local In
spectors of Hulls, otc, yesterday made
iLeir report on the Yaquina disaster.
After recitine the facts, which have been
published already, the inspectors say:
"After careful consideration of the evi
dence we are of the opinion that Captain
Hinkie was navigating the steamer Ya
quina on the above occasion in a careful
and skillful manner and we have exoner
a:ed him from ail blame accordingly.
."The hall of the steamer remained on
the beach and about one half of the cargo
:>was sav/*d. , .1
. ■:.•■ "The Yaquina vas valued at $20,000 and
the cargo lost at $3500."
HUGH HUME SUED.
William Davis AUe«re« Breach of Con
tract and Demands »10,000.
William Davis, br hi* attorney, L. D.
McKissicJc, has sued Hueh Hume for
$10,000, which he claims as damages f or
breach of contract ma.de by Mr. Hume
with Gust.avua A. Wulkop and William
11. Kasttaftd in regard to increasing the
circulation of the Evening Poit.
According to the averments of the com
plaint a contract was entered into by Mr.
Hirnie ai:d Messrs. Wulkop and Eastland
whereby they were to have exclusive con
trol of the lvsue of the Post for two years
irom September 8, 1896.
l f . appear" that, some dispute arose and
that Mr. Hume refused to deliver the
toners a< cording to the terms of tue con
tract. Hence the suit that was begun
yesterday.
Tw<J Indictments.
The United States Grand Jury returned two
indictments la Judge Morrow's court yester
day. The names of the i:id;cterl persons are
withheld for tlie present.
NEW TO-DAT.
I CURE i FITS
When I say I cure I do nnt mean merely to
them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
i 'iCKNESS a life-loner study. I warrant my
.remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
rs have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
1 Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
txpress and Post Office address.
Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D.,
4 Cedar St., New York.
RUINART WAS
BADLY BEATEN
Failed io Get a Mark in a
Purse Race at In
glesids.
Receding in the Betting From
3 to 15 to 1, Tea Rose
Won Easily.
Rey SaUzar Was First Again-Mon
tal'.ade Proved Quite a Surprise.
Stratfarol Finished Third.
The crack Ruinnrt, winner of the Burns
handicap and the Palace Hotel stake,
came out in a seven-furlong run at Ingle
side yesterday and, according to the con
ditions of the race, packed 121 pounds
and his old a:de partner, Marty Bergen.
Wheel ol Fortune was a 7 to 5 favorite and
displayed a total absence of winning form,
never being able to raise a gallop. Kuin
art, a 0 to 5 second cboice, did not do
much better, failing to finish among the
first three. Tea Kose. the flying filly,
racing in the colors of Bookmaker George
Rose, with {'0 pounds in the saddle, made
a processional affair of it, taking: the lead
iroru Greyhurst entering the back stretch
and beating the gray colt out at the wire
by two lengths with apparent ease in
I :2B}£. Good Times finished a fair third.
The winner opened up at threes, receding
to 1J to 1 on a rumor that the stable did
not fancy her chances.
The attendance was good, and tho bet
ting livelier than for some days. The
favorites without exception were all
bowled over, some of them being of the
most pronounced type, and me rin £
reaped a harvest.
Daggie SmitU's last filly Torsida was
backed down from 7 to 5 to 9 to 10 to defea:
the six other twc-year-oida in the open
ing live-furlong scramble. Johnny Weber
had the leg up, and. as usuai, was away
in front. Rey ISalazar, the second choice,
ridden by Piggott, was quickly at her
side, and," outvoting the first choice to
the wire, won by a head in 1:02%.
Tnwanda was third.
Of the poor lot which started in the sec
ond event at seven furlongs Ricardo was
considered the best, and was chalked up
an 8 to 5 favorite, receding !a;er, uo .sever,
to 11 to 5. Earl Cochran. a7to 2 choice,
always had the footing over him. and,
maintaining the lead throughout, led Wil
liam OB past the wire by tnree lengths in
! :29. Clawsoa Janded Chappie, a 30 to I
chance, in the show.
Eight cheap selling platers faced the
barrier in the mile and a sixteenth, with
Jact Manin ruling a meek 11 to 5 choice.
After Mite Kice had led to the far turn,
Piggott on Japonica, the second choice,
went around the bunch and won, easing
up, from old Jack Richelieu. Jack Martin
secured the small end of the purse in a
drive.
Strathrol, with his suspicious legs, was
a pronounced eten-money choice for the
fifth event, over seven furlongs under
selling conditions. The first choice, with
ReQdington at his side, cut out a hot pace
to the s> retch with Mouiallade, an 8 to 1
chance, galloping iv third place. When
atrmghtened for the wire, Slaughter, on
ibe latter, let out a link, and By Holly's
horse jralloped in winner by three lengths
in I:2B}£. Rcddington nosed the favorite
out for me place.
The Midlothian colt Lode Star opened
up at evens to carry off the last race, a mile
purse, but in some unaccountable manner
feil out of the race at the first turn and was
fully ten lengths behind the bunch turning
into the backstretch. KN;e Smith showed
the vay to the stretcn, where she quit.
Fashion Plate then went on, winning very
handi.y by four lengths in 1:44. The
favorite made up a vast amount of lest
ground the last half, finishing third, two
lengths behind Russella.
NOTES.
Elsia Smith pulled up bleeding at the
nose after the race she started in.
The saddle on the 100 10 1 shot Mosier
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKf-Y CLUB. Ingle'lde Racetrack, Friday, April 30. Eighty-sixth
day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather cloudy. Track fast.
04 FIRST PACE— Five-eighths of a mile; t
Index.
Horse, weight.
I St.
! Betting.
;Op. CI. 1
Jockey.
9.6 Key Halazar 11l 3
915 Torsida 115 9
927 Towan.a 107 5
941 Eos Prietos 106' 4 1
9-7 Aluminum 108 6
927 Melvlaßurnham.lll 1
926 Sadie Schwartz .103 7\
i
I
i ' '
i
2Vs
1% :
3h i
6 10
6 h
4% i
7
I 11
2 1
i 4 1
C 10
; 58
i 3h
! 7
IV*
2 2
34
6 10
42
51
7
1 h Plggott
2 3 Jobn Weber
3 1 . snider.
415 Markli.
6 x/s i Slaughter
620 Bozeman
7 j Clawson
2
6-5
10
6
10
30
10
2 4'_
4-5
10
10
20
80
75
t
I
I
Good start. Won driving. Winner, E. T. Baldwin's b. g., by Emperor of Norfalk-Cleopatra. ]
Time, 1:0-' V4. • ;
Q4r_ SECOND RACE— Seven-eighths or a
; purse $400.
1
I
1
Index. Horse, age, weight |
932 Karl Cochran, 4. .101 !
William OB, 5.. .1061
889 Chappie, 3. 92 j
92i 'Rtifalbs, 3 87
929 Klcarrto. 6 103
723 1-ullerton Lass, 6.104
934 Doyle, 5 107
9.8 Person ne, 3 99
922 Kai Moi, 5 103
_____
1 h
3 1 ;
6 V_
4 1
2 3
8 2
9
6 v a
7 8
I P-ttlnn.
Op. CI.
6
4
1 I
5
8 I
I ?l
i lh
! 3 2
I *V 2 ,
51. .
' till !
; 7Va |
i 8 4
! 9
: 6Va I
1 AM
i¥
4 1
2 1
6 2
9
8 a
7Va
1 3
" 1
4 4
.', 8
2 3
7 2
81
64
9
13 Thompson..
2 1 Plggott
3 1 Clawson
4Va J W00d5.......
6 2 -laughter
610 Snider..
7 2 Lenhardt
8 3 1 Isom
9 lUriflln
2V 2
tf
10
»
6-5
10
80
5
300
3
10
.VO
10
11-5, ,
12 :
- 40
4
SOO i
Good start. Won easily.
Winner, J. Cochran's br. g, by Slddartha- Jennie H. Time, 1:29.
q trr THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: selling; four-year olds and upward; purse $350.
Index. ! Horse, age, weight. | St.
I .4 j f/t j »4 [ Btr. 1
51 43 114 14 j
6fa 61 '55 55
4 1 2Va 3Va 3Va !
11 13 'iffy, j _ I/- !
•J li 8 '3 2 4 2 I
7y 2 B}_ 8 is
8 7 1 6Va 8 1.2 !
l.h 5 1 7._ 7V; !
i Betting.
Op. a.
932 Japonlca. 4 106 18
934 Jack Richelieu, a.1 15 6 71
940 Jack Martin, 4... 308 : . 1 b
940 Mike Rice, 4 108 7 21
910 /nosier, 4. 108 8 3'• _
932 Leonville, 6 112 5 63
9.1 Dennis, 4 11l 4 51.
..9 Joe K. 4 11l _ 41
1 4 Plggott i 3
2 1 Freeman ! 12
3h ' I'humpson. I 8-5
!4 h *ni_er 1 -12
5Va Jenkins ...1100
6V5 : Hennessy ! 6-2
710 H. Brown j 30
_. - Bozeman | 20
3._
10
11-5
30
40
5-
-15
15
Good start. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corilgan's br. f., by Longfolow-llii;tle Harris.
Time. 1:51.
n_jO FOURTH RA
a mile;
purse (500.
I I
jndex. Horse, age. weight. St.
694 Tea Rose. 3 '. 90 2
839 Greyhurst. 3 92 B
988 Good limes, 3. ...108 3
„ (833) Rninart, 4 121 4
896 Wh. of Fortune, s.lo4! 1
1 2
6
3
I.
1
24
I , lh
! 3 2
i *Va
i 5
14 14
23 2 2
3 1 1.._ 3 lVa
44 1 44 -
5 6 ■.-.-"
._
!
*/A
1 5
2 I '/»
4 2
3 3
5
1 2
2 4
3 8
_ 1/2
5
[< l_wsr.ii
Thompson
W. Martin
1 Rergen. .........
;I 'iggott....
4
It)
I "
2
6-5
10
10
5
4-5
7-5
Good start. Won easily.
1:28 V*.
Wlutier, George Hose's eh. fc, by imp. Midlothian-Red Rose. Time,
949.
HUH Fit.
mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse (400.
Judex.
nodes. ;?or»e, age, weight \ St';.._
929 Moritallade, 4 100 3 3 1
913 ißeddlngton. 4.... 4 61
(9'_s)-trathrol, 6.......108 1 lh
° 90-" Jo- Terry. 4 105 1 5 1 73
(984) sea Spray, 6.: — 110 8| 21
(385)! Manchester, 0., ..112 111 42
914 I Logan, a .....11. 61 52
894 Treachery, 4...... 98 7' 8
5 Ms
2Va
lh
74
j , 32
; 4 h
l 6 3
I 8
f/3
I 3 2
| Ili .
I iJIVa
! 72
! .6 1
i 4h
! &_t
i » ?
1 2
21 1 "
.3 4
•5 1
4 2
6 2
: 7 1
: 8
Btr.'-
-! $2*
2 h
34
: 44
5 10
6 2 j
.72 -' !
8 I
Slaughter.......
P1gg0tt..;.......
I W. .Martin
Snider.....
Ames .. .....
I Hennessy.......
J. shields
Felgnery...... ..
i 6 5
6 4
6-5 11-10
8 . .12
30. 60
6 4
25 40
30 -100
I Retting. I
I Op CI.
Good start. Won easily. Winner, R. C. Holly's .. b. -g., by aua-Fu.ilade's East.. Time,
1:28 V* ■ ■ •■•■-■ '■•'.■ '••*-•' ■ - ■■■- ■■■■>'■'.
(.. i-v BlJt'l'H KACt-Ono mile; three-year-olds: purse $350.
In. ex. I Horse, weight.
C 938 Fashion Plate ... 99
.924 Ru-5e11a..;... '....117
_ i.9 lodestar .....112
938 Claudina 99
..920 10. c.-rrlllns 97
858 E.sie Smith.;..... 117
908 Cogent.:.... ......102
920 | Tempestuous..... 114
st. I . 1/4 .
4 1 '22
7 I 6 1
2I . 8
8 .3.
8 I 710
6 1 fa
14 2
. tt tf 1
tt
_____
_%_
j Sir.
Fin.' !
Jockey.
fi
5 Va
8
3 1
63
1 2
4h
7 2
2 Vi
4 2
IS*
3 3
6 3
1 2
8
7<V_
i a
__*
4 2
6 10
2 1
8
72
1 8
84
4 2
5 4
6 10
71
8
Slaughter. ......
W. -Martin
Plggott.
If. lorn
C1aw50n.;...;..
Hennessy..'.....
Ame5.....;;.".;.
Shepard ........
5
•-• 7 ;
6-5
4
'JO
10
100
3.
4
6
1
I
30
. -0
200
. . 100
-Good start Won easily. Winner, J. Harvey's b. ... by Racine- Fau.tlnu, Time, 1:41.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, MAY I, 1597.
slipped or he might have. been closer up at
tee finish. ' ' ■ •*: • ;
It did not look as though Bob Isom put
up a very vigorous ride on Claurtiana, but
aDs he did his oest. His ride on Per
sonne was also weak-. ••
The stewards at Ingleside have rsndere-a
the following decision in regard to the
bidding up of the mure Torsina on
April 24: . : '-.
San Francisco, April 30, 18U7. •
F.IT. Green, Secretary— Dear Sir: On April
21, 1897, Georce Kose filed a protest against
ti.e, bid of J. Josephs on the mare Torsina in a
selling race that day, claiming that Mr.
Josephs was not qualified to make a bid, as he
at that time owed Mr. Rose for some bets he
made previously, in accordance with rule
Hi of the "American Rnclnß Rules," this pro
test is not sustained. On the same say Mr.
Rose filed a protest against the payment of
second money and half of the selling surplus
on the' mate , Torsina being" paid to J. H.
Shields, owner of the horse Potentate that
ran second, claiming that Potentate was not
owned by Mr. Shields, in whose name he -ran,
and should be disqualified accordingly. We
find, upon investigation, that the registration
on file in your office shows J. Joseph* is
owner and J. H. Shields is trainer. In accord
ance with the "American Racing Rules," Noa.
02 and 78, this protest is sustained.
The horse Poienia;e is disqualified; the
horse Midas, who liuislied third, is placed
second, and the horse .Reddinpion. who fin
ished fourth, is placet) third, and they
are to receive the several divisions of the
purse and surplus of run-up money as their
interest may appear respectively. Truly yours,
James H. Reek,
J. W. Wilson, *
Board of Stewards.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, two-year-olds, cine-sixteenths of a
mile.
939 Thyne iOll 939 I.n l.oma. 101
s*4 i Siva 104 U 3 St. Philip 113
933 -an imran^o... KM 938 Salubar 104
941 Can ale* 111 l 945 Aluminum. 107
»39 lied Fox 104 »:« /.apata 104
909 .Varvelous 14)1 !IJ7 Fiushington....lO »
887 Hosormonde ...115| 92i3 Outlay 113
939 Benicu lOij
Second race, three-quarters of a mile.
940 Decision 107 942 Alazan 97
947 ilosirr 109 757 Tobey.... 11l
934 iJoub fill 114 940 Mollie R 109
940 spry .Lark 107 923 lwo Cheers. ...116
9-1 .Lucky fctar 97 9.-S corcher 97
8, i> imp. Disparity.lo9 929 Tenacity. 112
9->3 Free Will 107
Third race, selling, one mile.
931 Collins. 108 (928)Tulare 99
942 San Marco 107 1 949 Joe Terry 11.7
943 Horatio 91 931 Babe Murphy.. 106
928 lnnamiuator... 91 844 Refugee 109
.Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, hurdle
handicap.
949 Reddington 157 936 Huntsman 134
»18 Tuxedo 154 918 Brilliant 128
918 Candor. 156 918 Dick \Malley..l3U
(9StJ)Aruniiel 146 1
Fifth race, four miles, the Ingleside stakes, value
948 Wheel Fortune.ll4: 935 Wawona 104
935 Schiller 112 H94 Can't Dance. ...102
93V! Marcel 109 ! 831 Lilt c Boh 100
944 Lobeaguia. 100 723 Lncretia Borgia 92
Sixth me?, three-quarters of a mile.
(943 Mainstay 122 938 Col. Wheeler. ..llo
(860 Koltaire 105 930 Zamar II 107
93M Celoso 100 943 Wm.PinKertOti.lo9
Si-2)l-erhaps 114 899 fcal Clicquot. .. .ll-'
910)Card\\eU 117
SELECTIOKS lOR TO-DAY.
I'lrst race— Kosorinonde, Flusbington,
i£apata.
Second race. — Disparity, Decision,
Lucky Star.
Third race — Refugee, Tulare, San
Marco.
Fourth race — Red din jfton, Arundel,
Huntsman. ,
Fifth race — Lobengula, Marcel, Can't
Dance.
sixth race— Zamar 11, Celoso, Col.
Wheoler. _______________
HIGH SALARIES WIN.
Police and lire Department Officers
Will Get Increased Pay.
Judge Seawell handed down an opinion
yesterday sustaining the validity of the
law which grants large increases in sala
ries for the officers of the Police and Fire
departments of this City.
T'ne contention was raised by a suit in
stituted by Max Popper, who thought tne
law unconstitutional. His main point
was that the Legislature had no right to
impose additional burdens on the people
of this City without their consent, and
that the new law was unconstitutional.
Judge Seawell decides that as San Fran
cisco is incorporated under the consolida
tion act ths Legislature has the power to
control its affairs by general laws.
An application for stay of proceedings
was denied, and the officers can get their
increased pay on demand uniess Auditor
Broderick should prefer to wait lor the
Supreme Court's decision.
In Honor of Organikt Slayer.
A special service of song will take place to
morrow evening at the First Congregational
Church in commemoration of the twenty-five
rears of faithful services of Samuel D. Mayer
is the organist and choirmaster ox the First
Congregational Church.
, Clever • '. v t, Gosalp
In to-day's News Letter. •
JUROR SIMONS IS
RATHER UNHAPPY
Called on to Answer for
Alleged Contempt of
Court.
Witnesses Swear That He Talked
to Them Abmt the Tur
ner Case.
Strong Testimony to That Effcl Ad
duced in tbe Hearing Before
Judge Wallace.
Isador Simon had an unplea?ant hour
in Judge Wallace's court yesterday in an
swering to a charge ot contempt of court.
Simon was a juror in the case of J. F.
Turner, who was tried for grand larceny.
When the jury came into court to report
thattbey were unable to agree, the fore
man caused a sensation by declaring one
member of the jury had refused to share
in the deliberations of the jury, but from
first to last had stood out against the
other members on the question of the de
fendant's guilt.
At that time Deputy District Attorney
Black anuounced that he could prove
that Simon had been talking about the
case, so he was cited to show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt
of court for disobeying the Judge's orders
not to converse about the case, and yes
terday was set for the hearing.
An affidavit by Simon was read by At
torney Schell. It set forth that when the
balloting began in the jury-room there
were five votes for acquittal, afterward
there were four, then three and finally
only one for acquittal. All the allega
tions of the accusing witnesses are denied,
and it was charged that Mrs. Finnecan is
the pliant tool of Megginson and Frenna
in their des're to be revsnged on Simon,
because they were deprived of their re
venge on Turner, when he would not vote
for a verdict of "guilty as charged."
The affidavit contains this additional
matter, which will be of interest to jurors
and other citizens:
The only conversation affiant had relative to
said Eisenschiinme! was during a recess of the
trial, when J. O. Hecker. one of the jurors
sworn to try snid cause, said to affiant, "Do
you know how lnuoli Eisenschimmel gots a
day?" To which afflaut replied, "I dou't
know. How much does he get a day? " To
which Htcker replied, "Well, I was told he
got $50 a day." AiTiani then said, "vVho toid
you that?" and HecJtfll answered. "Juryman
Rosenfeld told inc." Tiiert-ttfter wnen affiant
resumed hi* «out in the jury-box he leaned
over sail Hecker's knee and said, "Is that to
that Eisenv-'himmel gets $jO a day for ex
pening here?" and he replied, "Yes, that's so,
and Eisensthimmel saya the jurors are well
paid at $2 a day."
.T. H. Paige testified that he knows Isa
dor Simon by sitiht. He saw Simon in
the jury-box during the trial of J. F. Tur
ner, charged with grand larceny. During
one of the reces?es of ihe trial the witness
beard Simon talking to one of the wit
nesses about the testimony of expert Carl
Eisenchirnmel in the Turner case. He
ga;d, 'Did you notice how he cbauged his
testimony?" Then he spoke about the
testimony concerning the shadina of let
ters. It was at the noon recess, in the
courtroom, that the conversation between
Simon and the other witness took place.
At the request of Judge Wallace the
witness stepped down and pointed out the
chair in the courtroom in which Simon
and nimself were sitting at the time of
the conversation about the testimony in
the case.
He said: "I was talking with Meggi
soii, Frenna and Mrs. Elizabeth Finnecan,
and I said it looked like a good jury.
Somebody said they thought there would
be a disagreement, and I said if there was
I thought I couid fell who would Lethe
juror to disagree. Then I told them of
what I heard Simon say. I toid it to Meg
gison In the presence of the others."
In reply to Attorney Schell, who iepre-
Bfcnted Mr. Simon, Witness Paise said that
he went to the office of the District At
torney and swore to an affidavit set
ting forth the facts. He did so at tne re
quest of Meggison. According to nis
recollection tho conversation of Mr. Si
mon took place on the sth of April, just
before 2 o'clock.
Mrs. Elizabeth Finnican testified that
during the trial Juror Simon talked with
tier about the case. He approached her
as she stood at the door of the courtroom
and said a great deal about the case. He
said he noticed ihat she was a constant
attendant at the trial, and Trent on 10 say
that it was too bad that there was so
much villainy abroad, and wanted to
know if she was interested in the case,
and when she told him no, but she might
have something to do with this man here
after, he said ne wouid rattier it would be
she than tie who had to deal with Turner.
He thought it too bad that people like
this should prosper all the time, yet that
was the way It looked. He said he would
not have the nerve to ask a man to per
jure himself for him, but this person on
trial seemed to be able to get all that he
wanted; that when persons like thisrould
accomplish iheir ends it was too hard for
honest people.
Attorney Sci.ell had a lot ofamuseraent
in cross-questioning Mrs. Finnican, but
she proved as witty as the lawyer and her
story was not shaken,
J. F. Hecker, one of the jurors in the
Turner case, was introduced on behalf of
the defendant and testified tUat he talked
with Simon about the pay of the expert
and it appeared that they understood he
got $00 a day.
Judge Wallace said that would be a
harmless interchange between jurors.
Dr. W. P. Cool, A. D. McAvoy and J. 11.
Bartlett disputed au allegation in MegKi
son's affidavit that Simon was loitering
about Turner's office on Saturday
April 10.
Victor Duhem testified thst he wit
nessed the meeting between Mrs. Finne
can and Simon at the courtroom door.
She seemed to attract Simon's attention
and they talked only a Jew seconds.
Mr. Schell said this was important, as
Mrs. Finnecan had detailed a conversation
Hint would take live minutes by the watch
to read.
On cross-examination by Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Black it was admitted by
Mr. Duhem that he was one of Turner's
bondsmen in a former trial and was very
friendly with him.
Mrs. Duhem testified that she heard
Mrs. Finnecai* tay sho hoped to see Turner
behind the bars.
Further hcarinjr of the case was post
poned for one week.
Sunday Excursions
May be unpleasant on other lines owing
to scant accomodations, but not so to
pleasure seekers bound for El Campo.
The big "Ukiah" makes iour round trips
every Sunday and there is always plenty
of room. There is also plenty of room on
arrival at the grounds — the largest im
proved picnic resort in the State. If you
go you are sure to meet your friends.
Teachers' Annuities.
This morning at 10 o'clock at the Girls' High
School the teachers of the public schools of
the City will assemble by direction of Superin
tendent Webster to elect a committee from
their number, who. shall for one year have
power ■■ to decide what annuity, if any,
teacher shall be entitled to if retired. That
this committee shall b| independent is the
cause of much solicitude among the teachers.
CLINTON HUNGRY
FOR STATISTICS
The Supervisor Makes An
other Demand Upon the
Spring Valley.
With an Expert He Will New
Examine the Company's
Books.
T?x-Payers Again Address the Water
Ccmmittee oa Behalf of a R*>
duction of Ra'es.
Chairman Clinton of the Supervisors'
Water Committee expressed himself as
being put out yesterday because the
Spring Valley Company had not supplied
him with certain statistics regarding its
income, which statistics he had hoped
would assist the committee in fixing the
new water rates. More than this, he in
sisted that the figures should bo pro
duced, and a special meeting of the com
mittee will probably have to be called in
order to examine them— if they are sur
rendered by tne company.
This was the closing feature *of yester
day's meeting of this committee, which,
as every one knows, has been struggling
along for weeks in its efforts to become
familiar with the water question and be
able to make some intelligent recommen
dations to the board.
Mr. Booker, the water company's chief
accountant, was on hand, ana it was he
who was supposed to bring alons the sta
tistics and who confessed that he had not
done so. What Dr. Clinton wanteu was
the average income of the company from
the 25-cent and 50-cent rate-payers. These
are the poor people, or small property
owner?, and it is they Clinton wants to
benefit most by a reduction of rates.
Hooker explained that ho did not keep
his Dooks with an idea to be minute in the
matter of details. He could not possibly
furnish the exact income from these par
ticular rate-payers. He could, however,
give the bulk profits.
This was not, what Dr. Clinton wanted
and it was then that Attorney Kellogg,
who represented the Spring Valley, iu
vited the chairman of the committee to
inspect the company's books for himself.
Dr. Clinton saul he would accept the in
vitation, but gave notice that he would be
accompanied by an expert accountant.
Prior to this discussion the committee
was addressed by several gentlemen who
hope to see the water rates very materially
reduced by the Supervisors. W. R. Sher
wood sj>oke first, devoting his remarks
chiefly 10 disapproving of the sentiments
contained in a communication recently
sent to the Supervisors by John T. Doyle.
The latter was opposed to a reduction of
the water company's income on the
ground that the City owed its existence to
the water supply.
Thomas Magee, the well-known real
estate dealer, also spoke against high water
rates. A reduction, he said, was impera
tive. San Francisco was already taxed to
death, and taxes were still rising higher.
"Why, irentlemen," said Mr. Magoe, "if
you and I were as sure of getting to heaven
as we are that taxes will continue to rise,
we would need to have no worry on that
point."
Charles Belden and a Mr. Woodman
spoke in ji similar vein, and then after the
set-to between Dr. Clinton and Mr. Booker
the committee aitjourned.
MISSION PAEK QUESTION.
The Improvement Union Favors the
Cemeteries Site.
A meeting of the executive committee of the
Mission Improvement Union was held yester-"
day afternoon at the olnoe of Judge F. W. Van
Ri'ynegom, 26 Montgomery street, at wtilch.
was discussed the question oi a park for the
Mission.
A. P. Van Duzer itated ho was heartily In
favor of the propositloT to have the City pur
ctiHse 1000 acres of land for a park and zou
logicnl gardens auywtiere out ill the south
western section. But as this projtct would
not give the Mission people a proper recrea
tion ground for their wives and children
Without the necessity of paying carfare he
favored the purchasing of the cemeteries, as
described In The Call of last Sunday.
This site, he said, was already laid out, and
all that wmfl necessary was to sow seed and
plant inch shrubbery and rosebushes as would
beautify the puce.
The project of the larger park was so remote
that it would take from twenty-five to thirty
years to get it into anything like park shape-
Besides, $1,000,000 would have to D 3 ex
pended upou it, which he considered the peo
ple of this City could not afford at the present
lime.
George Wai com coincided with the views of
Van Duzer, but thought the Mission was en
titled to a park of ten glgautic proportions
than the one spoken about, which would,
when established, be more in the line of r
State or coast undertaking, as the zoological
collection itself would become National.
Daniel Webster Kelly suggested that by a
selection of plants the proposed two-block
park which lies In front of the High School
could be used as a botanical school for the
student* attending '-hat institution. There
are filieen acres of land there, upon which
quite a number of piftaU could be planted.
Judge Van Reynegom iavored this view and
added tliatno place about i-ati Francisco was
t-o well adapted by climatic influence for the
growth of exotic "plants as the locality men
tioned. He favored the greater park, but
agreed with Van Duzor as to the time, and ex
pense it would lake to bring the project to
maturity.
John Bolgcr, John A. Lennon and J. C.
Young expressed themselves as being in har
mony witn the previous speakers.
On motion the committee was instructed to
call ii general nieetingof the Mission Improve
ment Union for Saturdny evening, May 8, at
Mission Improvement Hall, Twentieth «u:d
Guerrero streets, at which Professor George
Hanson, a landscape architect from Berkeley
University, and Dr. Miller oi ihe Mission
would be present to deliver addresses upon the
psrk question.
The Mission people are unanimous in their
opinion that they nre cntitlad to a public
park — just oue sufficiently large where their
wives and children can enter and inhale the
fresh air without the uecessity ot going lour
miles to Golden Gate Park.
They also claim that they have been
neglected sadly dv the early City authorities
when surveying and laying out the Mission,
thai no provision hr.a been made for public
squares. The Western Addition, which was
scaled and built on long after the Mission
had been improved, has numerous narks, with
the additional one of the Golden Gate at con
venient distance. The catirj Eleventh Ward
has only two or .three unimproved lots at a
remote "distance from the .settled center.
Another convincing argument to be made
by those who will urge the park question is
the araoun t of taxable property lying adjacent
to where the people want a park. To this must
be added the laci of the large voting popula
tion of tho Mission.
Families Disunited.
Divorce suits have been filed in the office of
the County Clerk a» follows:
Emma Frericbs against Martin Frefichs for
desertion.
Wallace Bradley against Ella Bradley for
cruelty. ; .
Henrietta Sayles against Erwin Saylej for
failure to provide.
Alice Elliott against Harry Elliott for
cruelty.
Nellie A. Potter against Charles H. Potter
for desertion.
Eliza A. Walker against Robert D. Walker
for failure to provide.
Ancient l.ii isiat «« 1.1 Revamped.
J. W. Mulc'ihy has instituted a suit against
the Hi;jernia Bank ami me managers of that
institution for the alleged purpose of having
himself declared a member of the corporation
named on ihe ground ihst lie was oue of the
original depositors. Similar litigation has
been attempted heretofore in matters of. this
character, but without success.
STILL HOPE FOR
FRESNO'S RAISINS
W. Forsyth Thinks the
Crop Will Be About
4000 Cars.
The Thrip Will Not Hurt the
Vines More Than Five
Per Cent.
Gcod Outlook fcr Grain and Mcst of
the Fruits — Business in
the Valley.
W. Forsyth, the widely known and
prominent raisin-grower of Fresno, is in
this City on a business trip. He was seen
yesterday at the Occidental and asked as
to the raisin ana fruit outlook. He said:
"The Tines never looked better, and tbe
prospects are that we will have a very
large crop. Tho thrip that has been talked
about, news of which was telegraphed
from Fresno, caused the growers some
alarm, as they came earlier than usual.
But they have npt done any damage to
amount to anything. It won't be 3 per
cent, or certainly not more than 5 per
cent.
"The thrip were called hoppers by some,
and a pood many people in this part of
California thought they were grasshop
pers, but there* were no grasshoppers
there. Professor Woodward of the Hor
ticultural Experiment stations of the
State University was sent down to make
an investigation as to the work of the
parasite. He decided it didn't amount to
any thine and he canio back.
"From all indications, there will be &
heavy crop of raisins in Fresno County
this year. About Fresno the condition ol
the "vines is ail thut could be well de
sired. Last year we shipped 3200 ten-ton
cars of raisins, and th»re are about 200
cars of the crop yet on hand.
"I tninK there will be 750 ten-ton cars
more this year than last according to pres
ent indications. I his will be short of the
crop of tbe year before, which was some
thing over 4200 cars. If get a little
more rain, as we are almost sure to do, we
will have a greater raisin product even
than the amount estimated now.
"Nearly all kinds of crops there are
looking well. Apricots have been consid
erably damaged, but tbe indications are
there will be as many as there were last
year. Peaches are light. Wheat, and
other grain will be ahead of last year, even
if there is no rain. One rain would in
crease the crop. I think we are certain 10
have rain between this and May 10. It
has never failed to come along about this
period.
"Prunes are drooping, but if half drop
there will be too many. Business in
r'resno lias improved over last year. The
town is one of the most active in the
State."
Lee L. Gorey, K. L, Hobbs and A. Gar
tenlaub of Fresno, also engaged in raisin
and iruit growing, were with Mr. Forsyth.
They corroborated Mr. Forsyth as 10 the
crop, as well as tne improved business.
Station J's Carriers.
Last night the nine mail carriers on duty at
Station J, on Montgomery avenue, near Green
street, were takfin away and detailed for work
at other stations. It has b^en ascertained that
the ninil matter may be distributed equally as
well, and with grsat saving, from Station A
and the main nfflco.
LONG AT THE LEVER.
RIGORS OF THE ROAD
Break linwn the N'ervoui System of a
Well-Known Railroad Engineer.
What Built Him Up Again.
From the Gazette, ChiUicothe, Ohio.
lir. Elbridpe Waterman is a we'l-known rail
j road engineer of the Baltimore and Ohio
i Southwestern Railway, who has been a great
I sufferer irom nervous debility of an aggra
; vaied kind for the past teu years. The strain
i was telling on his nerves terribly, and sternly
; work was impossible. The loliowing is his
story: ..■ •
"For (he past tea years," he said, "I have
suffered as lew men have with nervousness.
i heart trouble ami rheumatism. I have lived
i on the footboard most of my life, and the con-
I stant joltine laid nervous strain slowly but
] surely undermined my constitution. I was
forced to quit work, and there seemed to be
little prospect of my going back to the throttle
again. I tried every remedy that 1 could find,
but none of them did me any good. 1 con
sulted doctors all over the country, but to no
I avail. I would be better for a time, and then
! would come on an attack more severe than
j ever, and I would have to quit work. The
j money I have spent during that time for doc-
I tors and medicine, none of which did me any
- I permanent good, would place me now out of
I want and in comparative' affluence if I had it.
I An idea of how much time and money I lost
maybe gained when I tell you that during
last summer alone I was totally unable to
j wort four months on a stretch, and was much
of the time confined to the house and to the
bed, sometimes unable to move. It makes me
; cold all over when I look back on what I have
| gone through.
! "But rheumatism was not the only thing I
; suffered from. My heart troub'ed me very
i much, and I was totally unab.e to sleep for
a , ys and weeks at a time. When I would drop
off into a doze my heart would beat itself al
| most, out of my bosom, and would wake me up
as though I had been struck by a trip hummer.
I had twichings in my arms and legs, and was
altogether in such a condition that my wife
' I and friends began to consider me beyond
reach of medical assistance.
"I was ; almost of the same opinion myself,
when I happened to see in the paper last June
a letter from an old soldier in the West who
I had been cured of rheumatism by Dr. Wil
liams' Pink Pills. The testimonial was writ
ten in such a way that I knew it was not a
faked-up one, and I determined to give this
. medicine a fair trial. I was uneble to work
at the time, and almost in despair. So I went
to the drugstore ana bought six. boxes of
| them, in order to eive them a thorough test,
i and in a few days I Began to feel the improve
! ment they, were worKing in my system. In
two weeks ; I was able to go to work, and I
have worked ever since without a lay-off,
which is something I have not done for year*.
"The first improvement I noticed was in my
heart, which grew more and more normal in
its action, until at last it did not trouble me
at all, and I was able 'to sleep, as I had not
been able for ten years. The heart trouble
has never returned, and my sleep for the past
two months has been healthy add deep. .Last
night I went to bed early and slet>t soundly
until 8 o'clocK this morning. And now, when
I wake up, I feel invigorated and : ready lor
the clay's work, just as I used to feel when I
was a boy. - • " : ■" ■ ■
-. "The nervous twitching were also cured in
a short t.me, and have never returned or both
ered me in the least since. Tins has also been
a great relief to me, as the twitching* were
, very annoying, as well as an indication to
everyone of the .erriDle condition in which
my stat;e of health was. Ai>d;the greatest
wonder of all is that the rheumatism seems to
be cured also, and does not botiier me in the
least'- any more, except when I expose myself
unduly, and even then only for>a short time.
I consider myself a well man now. and hope
to continue so. I am still taking Pink Pilis,
for I want the ' cure to be a complete and per
manent one. I only wish I baa known them
years ago, l or 1 would have saved myself large
sums of money, as well as suffering for which
no money could repay." , '
' Dr. William*' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form all the elements necessary to give
new life and ricnnes< to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. They are an unfailing spe
cific for such diseases as locomotor ataxla,
partial 7 paralysis, St. -Vltiis' dance,- sciatica,
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache,
lhe af'ereffeef of la grippe, palpitation of the
heart, pale and sallow complexions, all forms
of weakness,' either in male or female." Pink
Pills ar* Hold by all dealers, if will be sent
postpaid on receipt of price, 50 cents a box, or
six ; boxes 'or $2 50 . (they nre never solrt In
bulk or by the 100) by addressing Dr. Wil
-1 Hams' Medicine Company, Behenec tad*. N. Y.
WALDTEUFEL ACQUITTED.
Blame : in a Smuggling Case Laid
' on the Shoulders of His Dead
Father.
J. A.Waldteufol was tried before a jury in
judge Morrow's court yesterday on a
charge of having defrauded the Govern
ment out of $24, the duty on three
statuettes of religious subjects.
Waldtoufel and his father kept a Catho
lic book and music store on Market
street, in this City, and sold statu
ettes for church purposes. The statuettes
were passed through the Custom-house on
the representation that they were not for
sale, but, designed fora cnurcb in the in
terior. Revenue officials found the
statuettes exposed for sale in Waldtouiel'a
show-window. .
On the morning nfter the discovery the
fattier of the defendant cooiniiued sui
cide.
Young Waidteufel was defended by
Colonel JaniP 1 ; P. Pniith, and his defense
wsa to the effect that NVaidteufel Sr. in
duced his son to insert the three statuettes
in the permit, representing to him that
they had been purchased for use in a
church.
The jury returned .1 verdict of not guilty,
and the prisoner was discharged.
Preserved fruits, in a state fit to ba
eaten, have been taken from the ruins of
Hercuianeum.
NEW TO-DAY.
;,QNEiNSTANCE>J
• N H'MICN
D£iftY is DAN&ROUS -
If the teeth attacked by
tartar have lost their
enamel, it is too late to
save them ; but if not,
use SOZODONT at once,
the liquid. daily, the pon-
, der twice a week. Both
in one package. Druggists.
HALL & RUCKEL
NEW YORK Proprietors LONDON
A sample of Sozodont and Sozcderma
Soap for the postage, three cents. \
r^Zffl GANGERS
r n^HJ^ l \ I ' Q ! ORPAUn
testimonials of many
and mans face and lips.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 71 9 Market St., S. F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. LI, Nervous Diseases— Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sloep!c3BaesB, etc., caups'l
by Abase or other Excesses ana Indis-
cretions, They quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man or rtndy, business or marriage.
> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
ma. Their use chows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CORE whore nil other fail In-
i siot upon having tho genuine A:az Tablats. They
j have cored thousands and nil 1 cure you. We pive a pos-
[ . itivo written guarantee to offset a euro Eft O TO in
; each case or refund the money. Pri"B«lVWiwiper
, package; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.50. By
j nail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
I *«» AJAX REMEDY CO., S S£SF
For sale in San Francisco, Ca',,by Owl Drng«.o.,
1128 Manet St., a id Lelpnitz & Co. 2£l) terst.
I! &<&s£4fr i
§ GREAT §
I OP THE AGB !
I A 11? 11l |
2 Which is an external and internal ?
j!L romecly without an equal. '=. 'S
f NOT II m PREPARATION, BUT ORE 1
5 m\m STOOD THEM OP OVER 5
| A QUARTER OF A GENTURIT. I
it O
♦ Thousands of persons all ♦
j| over the United {States ♦,
j ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- I
|j tin's Pain Cnrer and are ♦
i; never without it. g
jJ I @
j<> TheCurerls fr?e from all injurious <>
' [ and poisonous properties, and is en- ©
(I tirely vegetable in its composition. It q
* ' tones up and strengthens the system, '<♦
J | purifies the blood, expels bad matter J
(\ ■ from the organs of the body generally, 49
< ' promotes digestion, regulates the appe- ♦
J [ tit© and secures a healthy state of the •
( ) system and its various functions. Taken 2
♦ occasionally as a preventive of disease, ♦
? it keeps th« mind cheerful and happy **
■ ( 1 by promoting healthful action of the §
' ♦ skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, <>
I 2 bowels, I'^rr, kidneys, bladder, spleen, *£
J Q spinal co*ran, and the whole nervous g
I 2 system. It Is also especially always O.
T WOMAN'S FEIBND, and is unequaled •
I FOR THE PREVENTION fIHD CORE I
9 —or— 5
q Kiicumntism, Neuralgia, Fains in X
4P General, Bowel Complaint*, Ots- «
9 p«p*ia, Dysentery,. Cholera Her- O
a , bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, %
*9 Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous <>
® Complaints, Disease of the Stom- 0
: q ach and Bowels Generally, Liver g
♦ Complaints. Kidney Complaints, 4
'* Sciatica, Lumbsfo, Colds, Coughs, ©
I) Local and General Debility, Head- %
<► ache, Ksrschc, Tootlkache. Sick- <£
1 \ ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, ©
(I' Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, §
'' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, r.ii*es, iv
♦ Scalds, Mounds, Costiv«ne*s, In- j
9 digestion, Stein Diseases, Ex ■■>• >- 2
J| sire Itching* 'and many "other %
J , complaints too numerous to name §
0 here. In a -word, the great Fain 9
*. '.- Curer of the Age is an uneo ual«d <♦
, , family remedy. '2
O; v> '• ; ' : '" -<— — - a '
1 Price: 25c, SCc, $1.00 per Bottle, <>
S ;: ■■■"" '-■' ' '— — ■ ■ ■ ■ " j 2 '
\\ L. CAIXISCH, Whole»ala Agent for 2
J the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. „ .;
0 O
* Tot sale : toy all druggist*. The trade < -«»
2 supplied by Redingtou & Co., Mack v
& Co. ana Langicy & Michaels. San m
m Francisco. q
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SVMMARV OF TUX MAItKKTi.
' Bank Clearings gained f 2.00J.000 in April.
Silver weaker. -. ■ ■ '..'. .-' ,' .V '• ■ "!'/ ; .
Wheat Futures off. '■':'■'• \:\'--' ". .
•'■ Barley steady but du11. ,;.'.. ' " „ •. ; ~ •'■ .. r :
Oats, Corn and Rye Inactive. ' . :•• ■.". ' .
Buckwheat scarce and firm. . . . ;■"-.••'.
Hay in heavier receipt. ' ..■..' •'.' ", ■;•'...'.
Beans »nd. Seeds still dull. -.' t .;.' o '- . ••' ■'.::'!■■•'■
. Wool quiet. '■ .. '■=. ■ '■'■' ' '■:. :. ■
Grain Bags weaker, and dull. ' .-. •. .: ; .' • ■
Dairy Produce steady. '...-.. ■... .'. . . " ■-.
Hens plentiful and dull;?;' '■'"■.'■ ; ._• • :;.' ■
- Prunes dropping. '-. • -.■' :> . .''•'■: .. ' '•
Limes lower. " . '..- •. ' ■'■..•■'/■.-. "•< .;• • ' '■;-' .
• Provisions steady. ■.:.■./:' \J: .:•' ■' '.
Hides unchanged.
Hoes in more moderate receipt.
Potatoes easy and dull. • '"."V"; ■". •
New Onions lower. .>•■■. . ;. .■ ■'/
New prices for Codfish. • . ' '■ .;:'
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
Produce Exchange call sales in April wers 267,
--600 tons Wheat and 22,000 tons Barley. Since
July 1. 1896, they have been 1.950.8J0 ions
Wheat and 157.500 ton* Barley.
HANK CLKAKIXGS.
Local bunk clearings in April were «8.406,840
•gainst $56,380,886 tor the same week in 3896.
For the first four mon'tis of tbe year they were
9214.233,102 against ?i!22,790,875 (or the same
time In 1896. ,"-. • "-"•■•;
•■■ ' riplnnattoii.
The arrow files with the wind. The top flgui«»
»t station indicate maximum temperature for the
Jays- those underneath it. if any, the amount or
ra.nrall, of melted snow In inches and hundredtns.
rirrinc 'the pas', twelve hours. Isobars, or song
lines, connect coins of equal air pressure; iso-.
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ihe
word -hiKb" means hl»ch barometric pressure ana
Is usually accomDanied by fair weather: ' low
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the asblnßtoo
roast. When 'the pressure Is high in th« interior
»nd low along the coast, ami the isobars extend
north and south alon? the coast, rain is probable:
but when the . "low Is inclosed with isobars of
narked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result. • • ' •■
WEATHER BUSKAO REPORT
.'■ I NITKD States I>F.FARTMEVT OF Aoriculj-
Tlßfc, WkaTHKK IHllKVl", SAX .. . Fk ANCISCO,
April 30. 1897. 5 p. »I— The following are the rain
. fulls for the past 24 boars and seasonal rainfa'U to
date, as compared . with those of. toe same dale
last season:'.. . ■'.-.' ; - ."• V" '-. '. '. ■ '
;'■ Eureka, past 24 hours .00. this, season 49.10,.
last season 45.63; Red. 3l nil. past 24 hour* .00.
this season 24.08, last season' "JO.- 1; >an Fran
cisco, past -4 hour's .00. this season 22.61, last,
season 'J0. 53; Fresno, pas: "4 hour* .00. tbis sea
son 10.53, last season 8.16: San Luis Obispo, past
■ i.4 hours .00, this season -0.71, last Reason' 1 7 . r j ;
■ 1." s Angeles, past "4 hours .00. this 8-ason
•3 6.76, last season 9 06: San Diego, past 24 hours
.00, this season 11.65, lust sen son 5.90: Yudih.
past 24 hours 00 this season 5.35. last season .88.
■ai Francisco duta: Maximum temperature 58.
minimum 46, mean 52 '
Weather conditions and general forecasts: '
• The pressure is highest tliis even tH Kureka,
while a second ar-a of high pres- arc is central in
Utah. The lowest pressure is reported from hast- :
crn Washington, from which a troush-iik« de
pression end-> s'MJthward into .inson*. The
temperature has risen soniewiia: throughout the
region west of the Itockv Mountains, except along
the immediate coast and in the Sacraneuio Val
ley, where It has become .slightly cooler. The sky
is cloudy a one the <\j:st from >an Francisco
northward and rain is falling alon; the Washing
ton Coast, showers are likely to o~cur Saturday
from Cape ilendocino northward and partly
cloudy weather will prevail In Calhornia.
1 orec ast, made at San Francisco lor 30 hours
ending n.idnisu , May 1. 1897.
.Northern California— lncr«ASitu cloudiness Sat
ur. lay, prooably with showers on northern coast;
cooler in the Interior; brisk westerly winds.
southern California -Partly cloudy Saturday:
cooler in the interior: brisk westerly winds.
evada— Partly cloudy Saturday; cooler in
northwest portion. . ?wE-TB3lr-?f'^
I. tan — Fair >aturday.
Arizona— Fair except partly cloudy in
' extreme west porliun; too la extreme west,
portion. . ■' .
■ San Francrsco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
. Saturday; bns< to hich wes erlv winds. •
'. .'. . W. H. Hamko.v, Forecast Olßcial.
';.."'.' . : XXV YOKK MAKKKTS,
A'F.W YORK. N. V.. April 30.— stock mar
ket was duli and irregular, but in the main heavy.
The foatureii were anthracite shares and Western
Union, industrial stocks were unsettled, with
the exception of Sugar Kefinin?. which displayed
noteworthy but unexplained strength. Although
' t in London market was drone no Influence was
exerie't or reflected here. Tne volume of Dusiness
was again In (rifling proportions, and oulsi le the
cases noted seemed 10 b -rulrrly for professional
account. The money market was unaffected by
l te gold snlpments
Wheat and Flour.
WHEAT- 1«: SO 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May 77% 773,; 77Vs 77% 78S/i
July 7(is< 8 76»» 765/8 76-/ 773/,
September 733/ 78Vs 7^V* 7rfVj 7*Vs
spot, firmer, more actlvi»ior export: f.o.b. afloat.
Ko. 1 Northern spring New York, 8134 c; .No. 1
Northern spring, Dultuh. »4i/4C; No. Shaid winter.
781/^0; I No 2 liHrd winter. 7!«Vic.
Future closing: May, 7b3i>-: July, 773/ g; Bep- ;
te-notr. 7il/8 c : December, Va%a
FLiOCK— '-•prinr, "bis: superfine. $2 80@'<;
No. -■ extra. Si »oia.3 40; No. 1 extra. $3 505*3 80
--clean. $3 bO<A'i Ja straights, $3 9U@4 10: patents,
34 20@4 40.
GRAIN FUtIUIiTS-^ew York to Liverpool,
by steam, I'd.
■ Dried Fruits.
RAlSlNS— California, 50-lb boxes, 23,4 c; crown,
4r4>ss^.c: seeded, 78/i@3iAc: seedless muscatels,
■I'IiKANTS- in barrels: 4l y^©sl /
In cases: cleaned bin*.. bV2@t>c; cartons, tifr^7i/aii.
PRTTW KH Caiuoruia, 25- Ib boxes, 4^7^ac; t*O-n>
box>-s, 3V 2 ©7 c.
APitlCuTo— California, boxes, B@lsc; bass, 8®
lie.
PKACHEH-Callfornla,nnpeeled, bags, 6®BVic:
boxes, 7i^@BVsc: peeled, I2@isc.
FIUS— raucy ordinary, l'-.'(g)lfcc: fancy wash d
lii,(g,24c
JjaTKS— Persian, 60-Ib boxes, 2y B @4i4c; fard,
boxes 4S /4 .(fl>sc ; enses. 2 {g>ia
. ClTßu.v— ll@l2Vi|C foi- jaacy boxes.
WALNUTS-CaliloraU standard, bV«c; soft
shell, Be. • - "
ALMONDS-Shelled, 16029 c.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard, Prime, *4 40.
POKK — Firm, but dull. Mess, $8 76@9 25.
TALLOW— 3 3- 16c.
Hil)a-:— Galvdston, 14c; Buenos Ayres. dry
18y ©19c. 7t
i-UuAK-P.aw. quiet :'B9-degn.*e, -*A@2 13-16c
-96-dearee, 8V 4 c; refined dull.
hITTr.B- Creamer*-, Western, 17c. -
IiNAXUAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfX St., Tel. Main 1954.
CK.VTBA I. OFFICE
•2i) ilsrket su, I'alace Hotel. Pur ly ft Aiklnaon,
lUnmtrs. Tel. Main 6144.
Cptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining tirUJ
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market aw
latlona. Hefereoce Ist National Bank, .i. F.
F.GGS-hia'e. fresh gathered, 10@10i/4<*- ^,,
B PETROLEUM— New York- refin d, to 05: Phil
adelphia «nd Baltimore refined, $«: refined in
bulk f.i 50. „ .
LEATHER- Hemlock sole, Buenos Ayres, light
toheav* we ?hts. 20@.'lc: »C.d. 20*23.
HOPS-Site»dv: crop 01 '05. 40c: »b, iy%
@10c; coan'»s.S@6c: coa«t '96, -fatlH/Sja
WOOL— Firm; domes ie fl-ec-. 16@^lc; pulled,
15(g,J-)c.
M«ts<s.
PIO TIN-Dull; straits. $1.3 15ff113 25.
PIG IKON — southern, #iO@ll; Northern,
$10 50©12 50.
stocks and B»nd«.
'. . . ' Opening. Closing.
American Sugar..... fi-.in.i^ $114 OJ
American sugar Pfd.- — : '
American ToDacco 70 00 -69 60
American Spirit >Hg C 0.... 30 75 10 60
Atcbison 10:.' 5
ay futetias..... . = 7,5
Cui»(Jian PaLillc B'J 00
C -rural Pacific
, liirauo (i»s. 8162^ 8 37Vi
C.IJ. di Q 7/il2y a 72 60
on. (tarn
' ordasje .
Cordage Pfd
Denver it Rio Grande Pfd. 37 60 37 26
Delaware A Lackawana.... 149 25 14525
Erie
General Electric 3187% 30 87y 8
Booking Valley
Jfrs>->- < entral 78 75 77 50
Kansas A. Texas. I'fd 27^:6
Lake Shore 16100
Louisville * Nashville 44 00 -.3 30
Mannalian Cou 84 37y» hi On
Missouri Pacific 14 75
National Lead
New Haven 16800
New York «fc New England. —
' New York "'eiiiral »9 :<7Vi 9* 87y 3
North Pacific 12 50 11 62Va
North Pacific, Ptd ,;.. 35 3?V% 34 50
Nurthwestern : — ■ •. 103 50
North American — — 3 87Va
Oregon Navigation — '■ — 10 00
Oregon Navigation, Pid 41 50
Pacific nil 27 00
Pullman ...'. .^ . 15700
Quicksilver (Con Excbnge). 100 00
Rock Island 62 25
Reading. 18 50 18 00
Southern Pacific -; . 14 60
Kt. Pau1...... 72 75 72 26
Texas Pacific • ; -
Tennessee Coal <fe Iron 2100 2087^
Union Pacific ' • 650
U. S. Leather .
U. S. Leather, Pfd ...• 63 00 r 52 50
Western Union 78 121 A 77 50
Wabash, Pfd ■ —
silver ; ...$ ■ 61 Vi
Sterling on London, 60 days „ .... 487
Sterling on London, sight 4 8-y 2
C. S. 2's. registered . 06 50-
U. S. 4'», new ..;..» .:... '123 26 :
. t*. s. 4's, new, coupon 124 00
U.S. 4's ;.• in a7y,
V. S. 4's. coup ■'. • 112 76
V. S. 6* 113 37U,
U.;.t>. 6's, coupon 114 62y a
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., April 30 In the provision )
market higher prices for hogs at the stockyar is,
heavy buying by local '-shorts" and a liberal de- '
mand from outsiders were the principal bu'lish ■
feature* to-day. Prices opened higher, ruled firm, [
•■losing at a moderate advance. The cash demand !
continues quiet and receipts of hogs were liberal. I
WHEAT- 9:30 .10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30!
May 703,4 706 8 701,4 70*4 7ly a i
July 70s, 7oy a 70 70% 7yß !
beptember..... 67y 8 . 67i,« 6b6/ 8 673/ 8 67V
Anrll — 12:. 0 1:00 1:16 ;
Aoril 72
May..'.""."!.'.'.".' 7Ji 8 7iy 7iy a 7s«
July 71 7iy g 711/j, .71%
September..... b7i/s 673,* 68 68y .
Produce. ; ••'.".-•.'.",■. •'•
BUTTER— Western. 16c. Receipts 3500 tubs.
EUGS- Western, 8«/ 4 c. Receipt-. 9400 cases.
:.;•■ ■. Livestock. : . .
HOGS— Llgit, $3 85(a)4 05: mixed 85'd4 05: 1 .
heavy, $3 55@4 02Vs: rough, if 3 55@3 10. Re- ]
ceipts 21,000. Estimated receipts for to-morrow '
14.000. • . . • .. j
CATTLE — Beeves, *3 Ho@s 10: cows and heif- ■
ers. $1 90@4 40; Texas steers. $.i 30©* 40: stock- '
and feeders. $3 45@4 45. •• ■ •■ •■•
KKP— Native sheep, $2 76@4 90: Westerns,
I $3 50@4 85; lambs, $3 50(0,5 60. Receipts 9000.
I Market firm. ■ . .... .. . • . .
lOREIoN MARKETS.
■'*■ '■■',■ -■-"'. ' London. •; \ .
LONDON. Exo., April 30.-Consols. il2y 8 ; sil
ver, 28 3-1 6 d; French rentes, 102f 95c. '■:■■'■ ■-..
Liverpool. '. : '": '
WHEAT - Quiet No. 1 standard California
wheat, 31s 6J: cargoes off coast, quiet; cargoes on
passage, dull; English country markets, partially
Is cheaper: French coun:n- markets steady; Liv
• erpool wheat, No. 1 California. 6s 3V^d%6s 4y 2 d;
wbeat In Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; weather
iv I-'.n;land partially cloudy. • ■
COTTON-Uplands, 4Vid. : '-"-'v
■■■'.•••'."•.*. *-'■':•'.; "" ■ futures.' ."/;..'■.::...,
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
9%d; July, 5s lid; September, 6s lIH/iii.
V . . . EXCHANGE AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days:.. . — -14 87 .
Sterling Kxchaoge, sight....'. ; — . 4881/.
hurling Cables..:.'.... ..: — : • 48»
New York Exchange, 5ight........ . — '■'.'. 15 :
New York telegraphic. . — 17J^
line silver, per ojnee....-; .....'• — tiiy 2
Mexican Dollars : .-... 49y "• •60
PRODUCE MAEKET.
."•' WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. : " '
WHEAT— Futures were lower In spite of an ad
vance at Chicago. Spot grain was unchanged.
Quoted a: $1 25 Hi 27 Vk foe common grades,
$1 30@X 3V!JA*ctlfor average No. l,fl 35 for
choice and $1 3.'i/»(jjl 45 lor extra choice milling;
t-onora, $1. 37Vj<&1 40 for No. 1 and *1 *;>$
1 47y a for mUlini{.::. ••.'.■...■" ■::■'(,:::-.
CALL BOABD SAI.F.S. .'
Informal Sksbion— o'clock— December—
lO.UtU c is. $1 19; 30,000, $1 lbVa; 10,000,
$118%: 4000, $1 183/ 4 .
skcoxd SKSsioN — December — 2000 ctls,
«1 18%; 8000: $1 187/ r; 36.000, $1 19.
JtE<;uLAK Moknikg session— December— bOOO
Ctls, $i 19%: i.8,000, $1 193/,.
Aftkkxoon- Session — December— 2000 ctls.
$1 19V*: I^,ooo, $1 19V»: tOOJ, *1 lby 8 : 20,000,
81 Is*. • ■ -; ••. "■■■ .••'■
BAH LEY— Shipment of 40,097 ells Feed, valued
at 30.600, to Xquique. - .
The market Is steady, but dull. Feed, 70@75c;
Brewing remains nominal. . :*
Hj^JlPfS^. CALX BOARD SALES. =' . ' '
informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second session — December -4000 ctls, 72^0.
JIEGfLAR HOHN'INS SESSION— > O Sales.
Aitkrnook tsKSSioN— No sales.
1 'A'J'.S- Very llitle business is reported. Fancy
Puget sound, $1 30©l «0 '«* ell; good to choice,
Si 12^|@1 '!'■■; common, $I@l o7Va- Clipped Oatj
at- il hi SjsifeiJ % ion over the raw )>roducu
CORN-Trade is dull. Large Yellow, 85@90c;
Small Hound do, $1: White, 85c 'if, ctL
RYK— 7S@S2y 2 c t» ctl.
. BUCK Wilt A a -Is nominal at about $1 25@
1 40 $ ctl. .
; FLOUR AM) MILLSTIiFKS.
FLOUR— Net rash priced are: Family extras,
»4 75@4 85: Bakers' extras, $4 60@t 65; Super
fine. *■-.<» i 35 « bbl.
CUK.NMKAL. ETC. — Feed Corn. $18@1U 7g> ton;
Cracked Corn, $18 50@19 50 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFs— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Mrabam Flour, f 85
* 100 lbs; llye Flour. $2 50 %l 100; Rice Flour.
55 75; Comment, $Ju&2 *5: extra creum do, *2 75.
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $1 : Hominy, $3 iO@
3 So; Buckwheat Flour, *3 25@3 50: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, 54; Whole Wheat flour,
$.i; Kolled Oats (bbls). $4 76@5 16: Pearl Barley,
S3 7 Oft*. Split Peas, $3 50: Green uo, $4 25 f* 100
Its.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
Heavier receipts of Hay- have tern porari'y weak
ened the market, but 00 decline is auMcipated.
BKAN-Sl3 50®14 for the best and $12 50313
V ton :or outride brands.
.MIDDLINGS — Jfl7®lß for lower grade* and
$18 60<519 50 fi ton for the best. <
*KiiDSTUF*S — Kolled Barley. $16016 60:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 30 > tun; jobbing,
$27 50.
HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat. $7(s
10: Oat, $6@B 50: Barley, $6 60(g,b: Alfalfa. $6
@7 60; compressed, $6@9 50; slock, ifSifiti: Clo
ver, «B@B %« ton.
AW— 26«ssOo '¥■ bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
Business is still slack.
BEANS- Bayos quoted at $1 60@l 83; Small
Wei tea, 81@l 20 p«r ctl: Large Wniles, $I@l 15
V ell: Pinks. ij-ltel 20; Reds, $1 10(g,l 30: Black
eye, »1 BO©l 66; Bed Kidney. $1 76@2 20: Ll
mas. *1 6U(sl 75; Butters, *1 25@1 SO. Pea, $ 1
@1 20.
>KKDS-Brown Mustard, «2 50(32 76: Yellow
Mustard. $1 50 ? cd; Flax. SI 10 it ctl; Canary
heed, 18/iWJVic "r ib: Alfalfa. tii, c; Rape, ay a
i.'3ic; Hemp, 3c; Timothy. 4 Vic '
SKIED PKas-Mlm, *1 10©l aft * ctl; Green,
SI JO^l 60 %4 ctL
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Red Onions continue to aacllne. Vegetables
range about the same.
PoTATuKS— New Potatoes, 8/i©li4c V Ib:
Sweet i 'oiatoe.i, 9i 60@l 75 f> nl: Early Hose, 65®
70c * ctl; River Keds. 70(a7 6c; Burbank Seed
lings, 6UA6Oc ?t ctl for Rivers and 60@70c for
Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks. 6U£iHsc.
OMONS- Oregons, $:! 1!6©3 %« ctl. Cut Onions,
SI U6©l 50 * sack. Nevadas. .$2 60@3. Aus
tralian Unions jobbing at *.> 50@4 &9 V ctl. New
K. (Is, $I®l 50 Veil.
VK«.;-;T.\BL!-.S- KecelDts were 912 boxes As
parazus. 688 boxes Khubarb ai d 1740 aks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers are quotable at fiOc@*l ft
dozen; Asparagus. 750@?l 26 1R box for common,
91 J>O(a,l 76 for choice and 62@2 25 V bx for fancy;
Khubarb, 40@&0c lor ordinary and 65(576c for
choice laree; .Marrowfat squash. f6@7 i* ton;
Dried Peppers, (3@Bc %* Ib; Green Peppers, 25@
35c: Mexican Tomatoes, 5-tt2 25 box ; Green
Peas, Co(g)BSc it sack for common and 76c@$l for
I Garden ;;i,os Angeiei String Beans, 7<£l2V*c "** Si;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
Dried Okra. B<§>9o » tb; Cabbage, 75@85c * ctl;
Carrots, 25t£dUc ¥ sack: Garlic, iy 2 &)2c 9 &>.
KUTTIiK, CHKKSK AND KGGS.
The feeling In Butter, Eggs and Cheese is stead
ier without, however, any advance in prices.
BUTTER—
Creamf.rv— Fancy creameries, 3 3@l3Vjc; sec
onds, 12{jjrji. v Ib.
DxiRY-cholce to fancy, Xl©l2c 9 Ib; lower
grades, B@lyc.
PicKi.Kr>-13i-' @l4c^ for new.
Firkin— 13<al4c V Ib lor new.
Crkaiikky Tub— New. 14c Ib.
t'HKKSK- choice mild new, 6V 2 (a)7c fi Ib: coin
aaoti to good, 6Vz@ t >c: Cream Cheddar, 10@l lc:
Young America, 7@Bc; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
@15c
K(ii< s-Ranrh Eggs. ll>^812c; store Eggs, lOVs
@llc V- doz; Duck Eggs, 1 -.(ail 3c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
FOUI.TRY-Eastern is selling at *B 26@5 50 for
Hens, $7 00 lor young boosters and Si 50 for old
.Boosters.
Local slock is unchanged. Hen* are in large
supply and very dull.
Live Turkeys. 13@1 4c for Gobblers, 13@14c for
Hens: G«^se f, pair, *1 '.641 50: Goslings. $2@
'i 25; Dock*, S3 :0,<i,4 &0 tor old and $5 .>():£ 7 tor
young; Hens. $3 50(g,4 50; boosters, young. $6 50
($7 SO: do, old, *4(jfi4'J&: i-'ryers, *S(<t6: broilers,
$1 50@5 tor large anil $2@3 for small: Pigeons,
91 50@l 70 %t do/, for young and $1 for old.
(jAMK-lltre, nominal; Rabbits, nouiiual.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
Receipts of Strawberries were 1&5 chests.
A box or two of inferior Cherries came in, but no
definite price was quoted. One box of good siock
brougnt $2 50. Mexican Limes are lower under
receipts of 40') boxes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $s@B » chest for targe and $7®
10 for small.
Apples. $I@2 ■& box.
CITRUS ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at S3@4 V box for choice to fancy and 91 26®S
V box for common; Seedlings, .sl(g.l 60 V box;
.Mediterranean Sweets, 81 £o@2 %l box; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 26 for common and $1 50®'.! ■-.'>
for pood to choice: Mexican Limes, $8 '$ b>x;
Bananas, $I@2 ft bunch: Pineapples, f2@lif.doz.
DRIED F&UITB, itAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Prunes are dropping ail over the State, especially
In Santa Clara ana Sonoma counties and at Visa
lia. At the latter point the drop is reported se
vere. The Prune crop is not going to be as heavy
as expected, unless present signs utterly fail.
DRIED FKUlTS— Quotation* are an follows:
Peaches. % c $ 1b: fancy, 6c * 1b; peeled.
7(allc; Apricots, ti(&8c; Moorparks, 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, i fpj ! . •_;</; sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes, 2J/i@'.i34c for the 4 sizes: white I'igs, 3c;
Plums, 4«S4V»c lor i ltled and ]@l'/ i: for unpit
red: Nectarines. 3i/ 2 @5y 3 c^H f or piime to fancy:
Pears, 21/ 2 t0. 4c for wnplu, 2i/2ts»oc lor quarters and
3@sc for halves. •.•..-.•• -v
RAISINS— ■.-..'-•.■■.•....■ ■. V- ■•-■ :. ;
Four-crown, loose. S^c: 8-crown. 4Vic; 2-crown.
33/ c r Ib; seedless Milmnas, . &(S)r>V 2 c: seedless
Muscatels. 4i;C; 3-crown London layers, *I@l "i 5;
clusters, SI 60; Dehesa clusters, ■$! 50; Imperial
clusters, $'2 60; dried grape* out.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at S&lOr; Walnu's.
evi®7c * tt> tor standard ana if^y^c, * Ib for
sofishell: Almonds, 6(*6v.,c for Languedoc, a®
3i/aC for hardshell i»nd.B@9c *> Ib : for papers*!*!,:
Peanuts, 4(§.6c f( tb tor Eastern and 4i- for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts; i-@6c V Ib; Pecan*, 7 l / 2
He* Ib: Filberts, 7i ' 2 8c: Brazil Nuts, 7y 3 tt>oc:
Cccoanuts *5®5 60 V 100.- •. ' •■ ■
H.ONKY— Comb. 10@12y 2 for bright and 6(39c
tor lower grade-t; water-wine extracted, 6@sVic;
light amber extracted, . 4 1 "IS"*-:* 1 ; dark umber,
4fa.4^-..c; dark, 2@3c «l Jb. " . i ..-.. . • V
BEESWAX— 22@2Sc $ Ib. '•. ".. '. ' •
,-;■ PROVISIONS. ■ V
Moderate demand at steady prices.;-. •• " ■
CURED MEATS- Bacon. 7y c* Ib forheavy. 8e
» Hi for light medium, 9c for light, 10c * Ib
for extra light and 12c %s Ib for sugar cured East
ern su gar-cured Hams. l'-Vi 11 %* Ib; California
Hams. lie ?l Ib; Mem Beef, *9 * bbl; txtra '
mess do. $9 60: family do, fli)@10 60; extra
I prime Pork, $8 50; extra clear. $14 ¥ bDI; mess,
I «12 V bbl; Onioned Beer, 10c %* Ib. - . ■;■
La RD— Eastern tierces are quoted at 6»4c for
compound and bi/^c for pure; pails, 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4i 2 c for compound and si^c for
Hire: balf-bbls, 6V3C: 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-tb 7V«c.
• COTTOLENK— oc la tierces aud 7%®BV«° in
10-lb tins. • . . .-•'■■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, He: me
dium, 7c t» Ib: light, tiya@7c; Cowhides. 6y«@7e;
Stags. 6c: salted Kip. tt(a.7c "s* Ib; salted Calf, 7«,8c:
salted Veal. 6@7c: dry Hides. 12y 2 913 c: culls and
Drands.9i&@loc $ Ib: dry Kip and Veal, »@loc;
I dry Calf. i 6c: culls. 10c: Goatskins, 20feS35ceach;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. 26c f* &>;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; sheepskins, shear
lings, lU@i'oc each; short wool, 2f>@4oc each;
medium. 40(<$50c each; lung wool*, 60fai75C eacn;
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 2»4@3c * tb; No. 2,
2 c; retined. sc: Urense, 2c %* Ib.
WOOL— Jacob Wollner's circular says: "The
market both here and la the East the past week
! Das been uneventful. It seems that buyers are not
I Inclined la buy and sellers do not force their
I Wools. The arrivals of Wool have been very lib
eral and the warehouses are tilling up. The mar
ket cannot be quoted lower, a.* every Dody is wait-
Ing to see what the United States tsena.e will do in
regard to the tariff ■ bill. There have been some
-Wools selling near Red Bluff at trom 1 4c to 15-,
but they were choice Wools. Scourers are still
doing nothing, and. as I anticipated, we will have
I a quiet market until we know what the tariff is
going to be and when It will go into effect."
spring clip is quoted: Mountain, Il(gll4c »> tb:
I Foothill, loo.]. ' ban Joaquln. year's clip, 7<g>
10c: do, seven months, 8011 c r Ib; Nevadas, 10
014 c: Eastern Oregon. 7(&10c.
11 OP: — Ofa.bc tor fair to choice and 9@loc 9 Ib
for fancy. .-
(iKNERAL JII'KCHAXDISB.
BAGS— market Is weaker, owing to the dry
weather. Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; June, 6c;
July, 6c; Shu Quentin, $5 40: Wool Bags. 24@27c.
COAL— Wellington, $8; New Wellington. *8:
tr<outhfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle. $5 fill:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Kay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
'•P ton: Cumberland. $13 50 V. ton In bulk and $15
In sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $11®12 t*
ton; Welsh Anthracite, S8@10; Cannel. $8 V ion:
hock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
$7 OIK Coke. Sll@l2 in bulk and 813 %* ton In ska.
KlCE— Chinese mixed. *3 60@3 65 * ctl; No. 1
Is higher at *3 9 '©4 20 f» ctl: extra No. 1, $♦ 30
&i 60: Hawaiian. 84 25654 »0; Japan, $4 lii.-c-l 60.
PACIFIC CODFISH— old J-ish is a l l cleaned up.
New Fish is quoted as follows: bundles 3%c:
cases, selected, 414 c; cases, Imitation Eastern,
4S/4C; boneless, SVic; strips, Norway, SV^c; strips,
Narrow-gauge, 6c: strips, 8 Iver Knit;. 6V2C:
blocks, Clipper, 51/2 C: blocks. Oriental, 6V3C;
blocks, Seabrlgbt, 7c; table: s, Crown Brand, 7y a c ':
middles. Golden state, Cc; middles. White bt-al,
«Vi c ¥ 11) ; desiccated, Gilt Kdee, %* case of 2 doz.
Si 60.
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar TteUnlnc Company
quotes, terms net cash : cube and Crushed and Fine
Crushed. Be: Powdered, f»VsC; Dry Granulated,
4%c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A, 4Vac;
Kxtra C, 4V 8 c; Golden C* a 4V*c: Candy Granulated,
be; hall barrels I*o more than barrels, and boxes
i/ 2 c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MAKKKT.
Beef. Mutton, Veal and Lamb are unchanged.
[ Receipts of Hogs are more moderate.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as folio :
BKEF— First quality, 6 1 /«@6c; second do, 6c ;
third do, 4fcfc4V 3 i: %4 Hi.
. VEAL— targe. 6(s6c: small, 6@7c to.
MUTTON— Wether*. sf(iSy c; Ewes, 4@sc 9 lb.
LAMB— spring, 6@6y 3 c '$ lb.
POKK— Live Hoes, 3J/*'*3S/ g c for large and 3V a
@H :i /ic fur small and medium; soft Hogs, 2%@3c;
dressed do, 6@6c.
feuiicjfiipxa OF i'bouucis.
t*vr "4 hour*.
JTlonr. or ska.... 14,660 liutu»t cU»..._ 359
. Oregon 12.568 Cheeie. cm 138
*hea».. ctla. .... 6.710 Kri doi ■; 21030
Oregon 6.900 Hides, n0....'. _ 531
Barley. cUa..._. 2.210 i'eltt. Odin ....„ 2.128
leans DM. ...... 1,06!> Wine, pals. ..._ 39,500
torn, ells 3 5 Wool. ois „. 474
Rye, ct15. ........ 260 Oregon 157
Potatoes, m 0..... 6<>» l.eatner. ruin 154
Oregon 3,242 Tallow. ctls. .... *0
Onion*, sits 6* j Lumber. M fax.. 10
Hay. ton* _ 747 j Lime, bbls .- 201
Straw, ions. 9 Quicksilver, flstc* 71
i.r»ti. ski 385 Flax seed, Or, sks 1,420
Middlings, sit*... 165
. ♦
FAMILY KKTAU, MARKET.
Dairy Produce, Meals and Poultry sell at about
the old prices.
berries are cheaper. A few early Cherries
have been received, but not enough to quote. Vege
tables are in good supply.
Following is Thk Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAI/— PUR TO!*.
Cannel — @11 00 1 Castle Gate. BO® 10 00
Wellington. — @10 00 Pleasant Val Eso®lo 00
New Wei- jSontbfleld
lington.... — (810 00 Wellington — @ 60
Seattle 9 60® — Coos Buy... — mi 75
i aikv rßonrrcK. VT-.
Entter, fancy, Cheese, Swiss... 20030
square 20rd35 Common Egcs 12® —
00, roll '•■•0(0. — Ranch t£ir(;sf»dz...l6ru) —
do. pood... _._..— Honey, comb, 'i<ib.l2(<sls
Cheese, cai 1 Ow, - uo, eXtraCKKI — tK&LJ
Cheese, Eastern. . . 1 6@20
MEATS— PKR PODVn.
Bacon.. ..12fd>17|Pork, Trend 3?(»15
Beef, ch0ice....... 12(&15 Pork, salt 10r<S12
do, good B@lo Pork Chops 12&15
Corned Beef. 8@ — : Round Steak.. 8(«1<J
Ham. Cal.. 12Wa)15 Sirloin Steak.. .121 —
do, Kastern.....ls@>l6 Porterhouse, do. ..17(gi20
Lard ........12ia15 Smoked Beef — <&15
Mutton 8&12 Pork Sausages.... —(J-JJ
Lamo 10ifl.l2|Veal 10®14
. ; . KIULTRY ASH OAMK.
Behß,eacb 50* 65 Turkeys, * lb.. 16(3 18
Young ltooas- Ducks, each... 40flB 75
era. eacn..... 75® Geese, each 1 26@l 60
Old Roosters, ! Pigeons, 9 pr.. 40@ 60
each.......... 60<a 86 Kabblts, 'it \?c . 35<j, 40
Frj'ers, each... 50^) 6U|Uare, eacu. ... 1&9 2U
Broilers, each.. 3<<& 5U|
MBCiMrabaaiMir/.™^"^- '■•>■■ •■-■■.-
KBnirs iiN-n NOT*
Almonds, "f> Ih 15 Oranges, $<10i...
Apples. $ Ib 10, Raisins, %* Ib. 8&15
Bananas, %1 doz. ..16(&20 siraw berries, ■-....■
Cocoanuts, each... fa, t> V drawer ...50@65
Lemons, %t aoz....2s@3OjWalaut* y. ttt.i,,»lo<a —
Limes, * U0z..,.,.10®12|
VKOETART.R*. • *:. !:' 1
A<=pnrncus. 9!h . . s(g>l2Dried Okra. ■§« tt>..12@15
Artlchoke»,l»doz..ls(flo4OiOnious, "$ 1b... — .'a> •*>
Beets, d0z. ...:.. 12@15' Peppers, dried ..16@ —
Beans, whit«^tt>... a<g> 5 do. gre'ii %} tb . 40@>50
Colored, fi tt>..... ■<(§ 6 Parsnips, » a0z.._15@20
Lima. * ft..;.;.. 4® v' Potatoes, '{« tt>..... 2«& 3
Cabbage, each.. M . 5$ 10 Do Swept, »i lb.. Mfa. 4
Cauliflowers, each. sCa,l C> nadlshes.«dzbciis.lO@ia
Celery, ■& bunch. . -IKhubi.rb. *•*■••••• *» 6
Cress. * dz bunchs. 2s' Sage, fltt 2 6*335
Garlic & 1b. ....... 6'4i -String Beans, * lUI 2'dls
Green Peas, ft lb.. :■(s 4 Thyme, * lb 20<531)
Lentils, lb 6® » Turnips, * ... 15(*Ji)
Lettuce, 1? doz....ls«2s|Tomatoea, »i ».... 16^»25
Mr"fat Squash.* 0. 6@loi
*ISII— PK.R rwsn.
Barracndn... -@ -|Sea 8a55...... -<9 -
* ar P 5@ S|Smelts « ...10® -
Codfish..... 12^15'Soles 10® -
J-lounders Koilo:skates. each 6@15
Halibut.. 10ra»12:sturgeon..... -@ -
£ ln Chsh SfailOTomcoCl 10@iri
Mackerel... -(i* -Clams, * gal -®50
do. Horse ~<4-\Do. hardshell. *
£*rch 6(a » ; 100 50<a-
PoniDano _« _ rabs. each : ..12®16
K0ckf15h.........;.12«t) — Do. softshell, V dz.25@35
t-almon. smoked. ..20<a> - Mussels, «i qrt 10<512
fealmon, iresh...... iO(oi - Oysters, Cal.* 100.40(g» —
blinuiija J*a: 10 Do, Eastern, %« a*.^6(fl>*o
fcin » d '- . SffllOi : .
THE STOCK MARKET.
Con. C'al. & Va. w&s in demand and strong yes
terday ana in the afternoon advanced sharply
under free transactions. The olher stocks showed
do particular improvement over the best prices or
the preceding day, though all sold better Id the
aiier.ioon. losing quotations below.
Tiie outlook in the Con. (a 1 . & Va., as received
by pr. vaie telegrams v ester i a i is to the effect I
that, the ore in which they are upraising from the
north drift from upraise 1, 60 feet above the 1650
level, had widened and improved in quality as
Well one dispatch stated that the ore was six
feet wide and gave very high average assays.
The Morning Mar Mining I ompany of lowa Hill
has (Iceland its seventy-seventh dividend at the
rate of $5 per share. ' •;} . ■*■>-
In the .Standard Consolidated mine of Bodle for
the week ending April 27 the tunnel In the Secur
ity vein. 220 level, was advtwiod 4 feet, with no
chance In t c face, noise 4in the Hu lion vein on
th« 245 level shows 14 Inches or ore. On the 265
level the west cro'scut from I lie incline has cut the
Black ledge and sli > \\s at the face 24 Inches of ore.
Work continue* as usual in other parts of the
mine. They are extructinß high-erade til ingi
above the south drift, 380 level, and are taking
h Eh-grade scale from the wails of the old sjuth
store in 'he Burgess ledee. Sam- level.
standaki) Mill Btatkmknt— Ore crushed for
the week 315 tons; average unsay vanner tailings
$9 89 tier ton; tons concentrates proluced 414,
assay value $4 89: plateamalgam produced 995 1,4,
Value per ounce $2 20 At tailings plant i the/
were preparing to resume operations early the
coming week. The first vat whs to be filled on
Sunday. At tailings plain 2 there lino prospect
of immediate strrtlng. -
The following local ■" Incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past mouth: JSiif^pS
' ' Namk. ■"- ■ ' i'er Share. Amount.
Bank of California \....W 00 $90,000
California Safe-Deposit...; 1 60 15,000
.Nevada Bank ..!.... 1 50 45.000
Fireman's Fund Ins. C 0....... 3 00 30,000
Pacific Surety Co 1! 00 2,000
• ias Consumers' Association.. ; 15 2,025
Oak-laud Has Co -'5 7,500
l'a< ilic Ga-> Imp. Co 60 15,000
Pacilic Lighting Co 35 7,000
&. F. Gas and Electric. 60 63,750
Stockton Gas and Electric... 30 3,000
Mann County Water Co 75 , 4.500
San Jose Water 60 4,241
Spring Valley Water [ 60 64,000
California-street Cable 60 5,0b0
Market-street Railway 60 112,500
Sutter-street Cable 125 25,000
Alaska Packers' Association.. 76 36.000
Hutchinson Plantation 25 12,500
: Naioina Vineyard Co 05 : 3.000
Pacific Telephone 40 13.200
Sunset Telephone 25 7.500
Champion Mining Co '-5 7.500
Alaska-Mexican Mining Co.. 10 18,000
Alaska-Tread well Mining Co. 37% 75,000
Homestake Mining Co :.. 2S 31.250
Napa Con. Q. M.C0..: 10 10,000
Santa Hosalia Mining Co 10 10,000
Morning .-iar Mining Co 6 00 12,000
Ontario Mining Co 10 15,000
Pennsylvania Mining Co 05 2,575
Total ..;... : $749,0*1
A summary of the dividends for the past month
compares as follows:
1896. 1897.
Banks $150,000 $150,000
Insurance.:.... 36.750 32,000
(ins companies .79,833 98,276
Water companies 70.2*1 . 72.741
street railways 142,500 142,510
Kugar companies. 7,500 12,500
Fish companies 35,522 36,000
Telephone companies. 15,300 20.700
Minim? companies..... 188,650 181.325
Miscellaneous companies... 3.000 \. 3,000
Totals. $728,306 $749,041
BO A 111) SALES.
Fellow's* were 'he we* In the Sa» Fraucls«o
Meek Board yesterday:
JFOUUR HOUMNB PESS.'OJC. roVlfK?cn*» 9:30.
600Ande5......33 lUO C i'oini...3. - !ilU0 Potosl 69
600 H&H 65 70) « AC....3! 100 vane... V!o
651.) Choir Bt-600 Mx1c....49p00 21
•MO .99 5000 Xv Qn..O6i'2OJ >^.N«T 64
1150 CC<£V.2.oti;V!oo Occldtl.... 1«! M0 Utah.. ....03
Sou 1.91.300 lbhiOO V Jw».....28
-U ) C Jt'oini....Bli ,:<•: '
At'TKKNOON HKSSIOX— "S:SO. ,
400 Andes 2."» 300 (.'hollar. l.oo 100 8ava«e....23
20 ■ B4K 72200 i0iin....1.16!30U b Nev....68
116U CUJkV.iJ.2S!IOO a a C 400 Union.. ..2H
050 -2.30 400 U&C.lJiriOJ U^n ....06
30 2.201200 UccdL. 19 50vJ V JttOKW.,-.>9
Followine Trer« H»u <»'<>> iti Ui« Pad Mock
Ifamdyauieriiay: ; ' t: v
RFOtri.AR »S-H(»TOX— T» ;•»•».
MOO >lrb» OF 1800 CC*V..2.n6 900 Ny QQ....08
500 Alia Oh 500..... ...2.07 Vj 400 Occla 19
hO) Andes 24 iOO 2.1U 6' Opblrl.t'- 2
400 2fc JlO 2y 8 -00 1.05
70 1 8e1cbur....4(. 600 *.j. 1610.. ..1.07Va
VOD 3!- 100 2.17V4 500 1.10
40) 1»& B e7;.»00 2.-I*oo ll/ 8
200 6K 15U lonll ...1.15 *<AJ 1.16
700 ....69 500 C N V O.i 700 ovrmn... .05
•_'Boo 7U 800 V foini....;i. *6J i'oiosi 60
400 7. 100 U<fcO. _..30">0i h»vaite....2l
200 75900 ...;.....:.31200 Bcorplon..o3
300 Bnlllou._.oß 700 .32 900 88AM....0H
200 Caleda....li 1400 3S tiiiO H«ev.»._ss
20J Challee...!-'4 150 H<feN 89 200 ...66
10J Choir 9: 600 Julia. 04 500 till Hill.
200 9h 200 Kemuctc.o6 500 02
200 - .98 1200 L Wash. ol U010a.....26
10..0 1.00 SOU Mexican.. *b 1200 27
200 CC<tV-.1.«i 600 ....„ 4& JuO Utah 06
■I 0 3.8! 100 . ....61 600 If Jmi^..2*s
300 1.971,* 100 51 200 2»
900 ...2.00.100 ...5i
AiTKHXOOX 8K8910V— 2:35.
400 >iphii 08)400 Caled li"9 - Occ« 20
700 Alt*. 06.SUU Chllnga...3!> 100 Ophlr-..1.10
400 Ande5.... .26 400 C0nU....1.15 300 iy«
7uO 1*6250 C imp ....01 900 1.16
200 8«1cn«r...39 750 01 1200 1.17^
300 40 100 C Y. ..03 *00 ..1.20
-20 1 h»l! 70 200 uwn i*i...i. r . t)00 vrmn.. : 05
400 71 401) ...........34 tOO Foioal 62
1000 400 Exchqr...o:< M)u 63
1100 73 3UU UdiU 34 500 64
20- 74 100...... .31 50J &KYac«.."2»
ibOO 76 ISOO 36«OO b8<itM....03
810 Bullion.. ..U' 1400 :...37 200 S Ny 66
350 Chollar.l.'iO X* 100 68
1100 1.021/a'l'OU MdkN....H4 500 S Hill 01
2900 1.0-700 Julia 04 500 02
100 CCV..2.I7Vi -'00 Kentclc....Oß 100 5mrd....16/ 8
ojo •-'.•.V;UUO L Wash.. ol 400 Union 27
200 2.22y, TOO ..02S00 ....29
J4OO J. -.■;i|4UU Mexican- 62 500 ......30
3000 2.27y a 'll!0O 63310 UlaJi 06
HJUO # i.h02400 54tJOJ * JU«i*....29
000 2.3ii12t0 Ny Qn..06
Ci-OslKu QUOTATIONS.
DAY. April 30 . 4 p. m.
jiii.A*r.'<<.\ Jit*. Ulkrrt.
Alpha Con 08 09'iniid 04 «6
All*.. 06 16 !Mi Stic*' 03 06
AndM. ;25 2b K<-ninck....._ »>4 ' 05
f.rlcber 3d 4 J Mexican 63 64
! rt; <fc I'.Htcnv- 7k Nevada <jaMIL — '«
BentonUoa... 10 -  c;il«iil»l 19 20
bullion 07 09 ophlr 1.15 1.20
( aledoaiiv. 13 14! overman-. 05 06
Chollar 100 1.06 I'otosl _ 65. 66
■ i.ii.<;aljtv».. 2.45 'i rid -avace. -. 23 24
Lliullencd Coo. 34 :"5 -corpion. ...„. — 04
un. lmpert*i. 01 f. -it. ttelchar. .. 03 03
Lontldence.... 1.10 1.15 ! -liver Hill - «4
>en Aw Yor< i,v! — i Sierra NovaJk 68 59
uuwn i'Olnt... 32 3i -laudard I.tSO 1.65
fc.aatSl«rraN*» — t,., -»ynulcat». .... — IS
i-urekaUoa._ — so t'niouviou...^. 30 31
t-jiclieuuer — Uuiw.... u5 »7
v.ouiUdiUurry. 39 41) .cuuhj*;**- '28 30
t.fcH.u.^twcf*. 1.00 — U':
bXUCA. AM^ isoND iiXCHAXOB.
FRIDAY, Aurll 30-2 P. U.
CMTKH BTAIia BOXU3.
JFwt./UMU JBUL .dlkatL
r«^rmiii.n;'.,li:( C fc4are«...109 iIU^S
i lira issue 1/2 — I
MIHCuLLAMtIIITI BONDS. i
Cftl-BtCM«5*. 112 — Out Gas 65.. - 10« '
Klec I.Hi — 130 i»o 2d is 85... 1071/4108
CiitraCW — Bbl/a omnibus Us.. l-M»/ Vi2Ya
Dpnt-stex-cp — 100 ir&OKyßs. - 113
t<i»n L&V Bsl27Val'^S i F^UnKy &i. 100*4lO«%
KVCIJKKti»IU6V« — l'wl-st KKtiili.i IS
luatv-it Kss — 102 . jheno, WL&L — 10S
H» &> » \fc*. 100 — .Sector <fcL - 100
1-osAUisLtti 2 10U ->4M'KOi. Id- 10. ' 4
JJoOnteed 6» — lUO ~PRl;Arnai 9'J^ t'4
MKt- :Cble6sl23V»ms/iUl'RKCaidi. 107 107^
DoKyCon Da. 108 iO6V >*'KIU alss. h6 —
NatVln&ilst — iuu >PBrKCal6i. 1914100
>>vCKkK?b. - 106 V* VWatertij.il ß —
X KrCal M.104 105 Water**. 101 —
tiJtriMH, . - aijctnu>fc£<>* W9J /3 10Ui -
VATVIt STOCK i. ■
Contra Costa ."5 38 |=l«"» Valla/ 98Vs 98V*
ilnriuCu.... bO :.4 I TV: ~
' *AS ANl> kLUiTRr 1 Wtl
C»p1t*1....... — 3U r«ciao Llctil «9 .51
CentraL fWi£ - is F O&Klec. t3% 14 -
ii tiis: Lien; 9 934 -an Frano*» --s /8 L'S.g
Uak uL& H. - 541/. ] siocJctou 13 —
tUU lUii> 89Vi tOY% • VT7
O*B4JK%M '. KTOOICI.
Flreinsn'tFa — ;85 '-■ |. .';..'.'. .'."....•.. ..".;.'
--couMieit..«. iav'ic «to-:ic«
ADCIo-Cnt... 60 — First Nation 1 181 —
Banltof Cal..a37i/2'240 LondonP&A. — 131
uabD&TCoIOS 107 MerchKx.... 12 —
M IN". • ' HAVK BTOC vI.
R*rH&tX>v.l349 1375 ISavALoao.. — ]0%
Bomb8&.L.110l _ Security... -.2.50 800
Mutua1....... 38 40 Ual«aX«tttS.»7JJ 10U0
lUfßuv v/nioa449 — - — .-•■
BTRKHT RAILROAD STOr'K*. '.\'.-.
California.... 107% — |OakßL<*kH*/ _ 10'
Utiary-st..— '£H . — j Presidio. .... 4 5%
Jat.rtei.-5i..., -.3y a 44i/ 4 | '
... 'r: " -\- "*'' •■ TOT|[I.
Atlantic r»... it 17 1 Giant U0b1... 28»/« 29%
California.... 80 110 | Vitonu — 65u
Uaatern i>. ... 80 82 Vi!
Ml — UUVMT! « I '» 'T*
AlMkn rfen. 102 103 NatVlnCo.. — 7
Ger Lead Co. 100 140 iceanlcSSOO 20 £4
Hawctsca. V2V* 13 Pmc Aux A 2 3
Muichal'Ca iyi/2 "--I iPacßoraxCa i>9 —
HtiiiixAua. 90 — Purf PmiitOo bVs 6*/ i
I-ALKS — kuB.VISU bJiSSIUJf.
JBoart— ' ' :
100 Hawaiian Commercial 12 12%
15U Hutchlnson P C 0......... 20 76
25 S F Gas Electric C 0..... 93 75
>0.->V Water 98 l^Vg
$2000 SF <fc N P Railway Bonds ..•••• 102 25
SALES — AFI KKMIUN BKiiSIOX.
Board—
250 Hawaiian Commercial 12 50
490 liutchlnson B P Co. _ 20 '.6
100 do do 2100
20 do do 20 87%
$1000 Oakland Gas Bonds. 2d 107 50
10 Pacific (ias Inn) VO 00
i bVWater .„.. 98 12%
BTRKKT RAILROAD STOCK*. *A '■,-'-
California.... 107% — OakSL&H*/ — 10'
Utiary-st..— '£H . — j Presidio. .... 4 5%
iii.rie -»k..., -.3y a 44i/ 4 | , '
... 'r: " -\- "*'' •■ TOT|[I.
Atlantic r»... i<» 17 iGtani U0b1... 28»/« S?9S^
California.... 80 110 | Vitonu — 65u
Uaatern i>. ... 80 82 y.
Ml — UUVMT! « I '» 'T*
AlMkn rkr^. 102 103 NatVlnCo.. — 7
Ocr Lead Co. 100 140 >ceanlcSSoo 20 24
HawC&SCa. 12% IS Pmc Aux t" A 2 3
Muiehsl'Ca 2»y« "-•I i PacßoraxCa i-9 —
MtrKxAaaa. 90 — Part PxmtOo bVg 6S/4
MI.KS-HUK.VISU otSSIO.V.
Board—
100 Hawaiian Commercial 12-12%
15U Jlutchlnson P C 0......... 20 76
25 S F Gas Electric C 0..... 93 75
>0-->V Water 98 l^Vg
; $2000 SF <fc N P Railway Bonds ..•••• 102 25
SALES — AFI KKMIUN BUSSIOX.
Board—
250 Hawaiian Commercial 12 50
490 liutchlnson B P Co. „ 20 ''6
100 do do 2100
20 do do 20 87V»
$1000 Oakland Gas Bonds. 2<l 107 50
10 Pacific (ias Inn) VO 00
i bVWater 98 12V-I
» ♦ — • , :
BEAL ESTATE TEANS ACTIONS
City and County of San Francisco to Alexander
Warner, lot on N line of Lombard street, 46:6Va E
of octavia, X 205, N 137 :6, W 251 :6V5, S 37 :b, E
46:61/2. H 100: 15 .
>Hmp to Mar' inus O. Curry, lot on N line of Lom
bard str-et, 105 W of Gough, W 65:1 1^ by N
137:6; * .
Kose Tbayer to «arah Thayer. loi on W line of
■Webster btreet, 47:6 8 of Post, S 22:6 by W 87:6:
gift.
CoDrad Heinz to Katie Heinz, lot on N line of
Union street, 130 W of Webster. W 60 by N
137:6; gift.
Thomas P. Doyle to Mathlas and Mary A. Ed
wards, lot on B une|of Bro<lerick street, 100 N of
Clay, N 27:8i /4 by E 80: $10.
Andrew Conrad to Mary A. Bllley, lot on S line
of lint oi) Park, 1b2:6 W of Guerrero street, W
25 by B 110: $10.
Augusta K. <-tiitis to George D. Graham, lot on
W line 01 Capp street, 276 N of Seventeenth, JN'
24:9 Vi b- W 105: $10.
John H. and Augusta Kroeger to Henry Stell
ing. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 87 X of
Capp, X 28 by 565: «10.
.MrtryJ.and James I>. Murrin to Louise Gau
thier. lot on S line of Monlton place, 91:6 W of
Montromery street and 125 H of Green, W 23 by
b62:«: $10.
llannuh Haviland to Paul Barbieri, lot on s line
of Cliy street, 127:5 X of Leavenwortb, E 27:6 by
X 114; $10.
Hichard McKnlght to Emmet H. Rixford,lot on
X line ot Poim Lobos avenue, 82:6 W of Kleventh,
W 50 by N 100: $10.
Anglo-Californian Bank (Limited) to John
Sloan, !ot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 125 S
of Point I obos, 3 25 by W 120: a so lot on s Hue
of Precita place, 130 1. of i'oiaoax street, X 25 by S
100: $10.
sunnyside Addition Land Company to John
Tierney, lot 21, block 6, Sunnyside Addition .\o.
1: $10.
Paul Jacobsen to Maren Moe, lot on W line of
Harper street, 195 Sof Thirtieth, B 35 by W 100,
block 24. Fairmount; $10.
Walter I. sedgley to Daniel A. McColgan, all
interest in the estateof Bosetta A. Sedgley. No.
17,618; «12jO.
alamkda county.
F. F. Weston to Walter J. McUrath, lot 103,
Drexler Tract. Oakland lowusiiip; $10.
Ellen A, Harris :o 1 homas Picton, lot on E line
of Eleventh street, JOO H of Folsora, (1 100 by X
100, being lots 6 aud 7. block 23, Beaudry and Pela
deau Tract, Oakland Township; $1500.
Same to same, lot on W line of Twelfth street,
1 K 0 Folsom, S 6u by W 100, being lot 8, block
V' 6 Beauury and Peladeau property, Oakland
Township; SHOO.
same tv William Picton, lot on W line of Twelfth
street, 100 S ot Folsom, ssoby W 100. b< ing lot
5, block 23, same. Oakland Township: $500.
William ail Annie Moller to Leopold Lasar.lot
on XW corner of Telegraph avenue and Deiger
street, N 50 by W 100, Oakland, quitclaim
deed; $5.
Jeremiah M urphy to Ellen Murphy, lot on S line
of Par^o.is stre-t, 322.25 X of !-an Pablo avenue.
X 60 by S 100. b.-ing lot 10, block A, Parsons
ston street,W 100:6i 2 .N 167.6.X 100:5,S 154.101-j
Golden Gate Trarl, Oaklnnd Township: $1.
Patrick and Mary Tormey to Mary Hosmer, lot
on N line of Mou.der avenue, 206:10 W of Ral
to beginning, being lot 9, olock 8, propertyof the
.state University association Isa 3, quitclaim
deed, BerKeley; $5.
John and Cnristina Tobler to Henry and Meta
Rehusen, lot on ci line of Tobl^-r street, 120 E of
Kruv avenue X 29 by 8 178:52, being lot 29,
Lump Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
1 ■■n.-.ii . I. and Lillie C. Magers to 1 re I H. and
Mary E. Srott. lot on SVv line of Central avenue,
775 SE of llifh street. bF. 314 by SW 125:6,
portion of Hawley tract, A lameda, subject to a
mortgage of $12*5; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Christian Warneke with Walker Bros. Co., to
erect a four-story frame building on HE corner of
Ilaight and Devisadero streets, $9700; Cunning
ham Bros., architect!!.
tome with H. Williamson, to do plumbing and
gaslitULK. same, $1£75; same architects.
. William Hack with Charles Koenlg, to erect a
two-story frame building on BW corner of Chenery
and Croton avenues, $2000; Charles Koentg, archi
tect. ."
No man who is intoxicated or whose
breath ia even tainted with strong annk
is allowed to take his post on a train on
the Grand Trunk Railway.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1897.
Mo.
W.
Th.,
[Ba. |
Moon's Phases.
1
*-s New- Moon.
•SP -May 1.
I 3
4
I 6 j
I 6
I 10
I la j
3Fir«t Quar
\JJ May 9.
11 I
I IS
14
15
I 18
20 |
fSx Full Moon.
\_. ay 16.
16
17
19 j
21
22
I
| 26
I 27
-8
29 j
©Last Quart
VJ^ May 23.
124
—
/*;_. New Moon.
;\_p May 31.
\jv,±*a-\ STKAAIJt-Ji4S.
Onto* of r>epi»rturo From San Frnnclnoo.
__MKR NATION. |
« ATM-
| PIKR.
rcata I
bllkat |
oos Bay — I
olumbla...
orona
nnol.
omnna |
omer |
[umboldt.. i
I Vie* Put Mud
. Oregon ports.. j
i Coos Ray
I «__ River
I Newport
! Portland |
j San Diego. ....
j Uravs Harbor.
Humboldt Rat
coos Bay I
i llumboidtßay {
Newport i
: Vie * l'e; sn. i
' * aaulna Bay. !
( oca Hay |
j Ban Diego.....' j
; I'ortlana ......
! China* Japan |
I May 1, Ham
j May 1, 5 I\.
May 2.10 am
May 2, 9am
May 2. Yam
May 3.10_M
May 4,11 am
May 4.12 it
May 4. 2pm
May 6, 9am
May 6, 2pm
May 6. »am
May ia. Sam
May & 10am
May 7. 12m
I May 8. Ham
May B.loam
i May 1. Ipm
! Pier _
Pier 13
Pier 1 1
i Pier li
(Pie: 11
Pier 24
j Pier 11
I Pier _
| Pie.* 9
i Pier 8
Pier 3
! Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
PierS
Pier 11
Pier 24
PM SS
ureka I
ilUll ...
Ina
a Rosa.
I of Cal
Pekln.
StKAMEBS TO AKKIVK.
>TKAMKR
linn
OUUUI.. ..........
Areata
Chilk.t
Mloeola
Walla Walla...
Corona
Truckee
.Pomona
Humboldt
Homer
Crescent City...
[Grays Harb0r...........
I Coos Bay
Pel River
T.coma
Victoria or ."u_i Bourn
I Han Diego
i Tillamook Bay.-. ......
I Humboldt Bay
Humboldt 8ay........;.
Coos Bay
Crescent City
i Newport
j Vaquina amy
i Coos Bar
| Portland.
• Humboldt Bay..
I Han Diego ....._..'
; Sydney
] Victoria it Puget Sound
! New nor. . " ' '
i ...nay
..May
..May
..May
..May
..May
..May
..May
...May
. M ay
..May
..May
..May
..May
..May
. . May
..May
..Mav
..May
May
Knreka..
Farallon
Czarina
State of Ca1.....
North Font. ...
Santa Rosa
Alameda
I'matHla. I
100. Bay.
&UK. MOON A>'t> 'ill>lj;.
L'J»iTirn Ptatbs coast and OjtonFTto Prrvit
Ttitm AND lIFIOHTS .OF High ANt> Low
Watkrs at ■ Fort Point. Knte*\cb to
San Fraxcmco Bat. Publibhkd by Onrt-
CIAI. AUTHORtTT OK THK TtSIIINT.
Note — The high and low waters occur at tn»
City Front (Mlssinr.-street Wharf) about twenty
riveminn-.es later than at Fort Point: iuo height
of tide Is thn same at both places.
May- 1897.
S irrJ»y,M»y 1.
Pnn rtsm MS I Moon rism 4.36 am
him nets 7.00 1 Moon sets.
I lime I
11. w|
I Feet j _____ Feet I ____. Feet
| II _ w I 11 . VV '
™"« Feet
I . vv I
2
3
4
I __ v. .
I 5.09 -0.2
] 5.41 —0.4
6. is' —0.4
6.60-0 4
H Wl
0.04 4.8
i 1.08 4.7
1 1. 30 3.-1 40a
12.16 3.6 4.32
1.02 3.6 4.58
1.50 3.6! 5.-8
2 41 3.6; 6.00
I. Wl H W
7.'-'8 -0.8 . 8.45
-0.3| 4.26
2.8
2.8
2.8
2.8
10 40 5.0
'11.00 5.0
11.31 4.9
5
6
3.5
3.8
1..
L" w
I 64H 2.H
| 7.45 1 2.8
Note— Tn the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides am given tn the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
tolumn gives the second tide ot the day, the third
time colnmn the third tide, and tho last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
srcurs. The heights given are additions to the
sonndings on the United State* Coaat burvey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractlre
from ih« rtenth even br th» chart*.
NOTICE TO MARINKKS.
A branch or the United States Hvdrographic
Office located In the Merchant V Kxchaope Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigator* are cordially invited 10 visit the
office, where complete sets 01 charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hitndr or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
10 navigation and all matters or Interest to ocean
commerce.
The Urn-? hall on top of the buildin? on Tele
graph Hill In hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 1 aOth meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each <lav from the
United stales Naval Ob<erva.ory a. Mare Island
Cal.
A notice statin; whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or Rivln? the error, if any. W
published the sama day uy the afDerrioun papers,
and by the morning papers the following 'lai-.
W. S. UuoHits,
Lieutenant, tt. S. N., iv cuarge.
The Timo Ball.
£ram h Htbkookaphic Ofmo*. tT. S. N. )
Merchants' Ezchanok V
San 1-raxcisco. April :<O. 1897. )
The time ball on Te.e^rapn Hll, was dropped
fiactly at noon to-lay_i. c.. at noon of the 120U
meridUu, or wtacuy at 8 p. m., Oreeuwlch time.
W. (S. Uushu,
Llantenan' U. >. N.. In charitf.
SHIPPING IMKLLKiKXCK.
Arrived.
FRIDAY, April 30.
XI 8 stmr Monadnock. Snmner. from Santa Cruz.
L > »imr Monterey, Clark, irora santa i ruz.
Strar Progreso, Storrs. 80 hour* from Tucoma;
2850 tons coal, to P B Cornwall. ■ :
Stmr Coos Buy. .Haw, 70 hoars from Now
port, etc: pass ana mdse, to Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coquille Kiver. Patou. 41 hours from Co
quille River; pass and mase, to O C Benjamin. :
6chr Nettie low. Low. 6 hour* fro.i. L\>i;i.
Keyes: 45 uxs butter, to J H N«\vhauer it (Jo .
Schr Mary Etta, Wet/.el, .8 noun from shelter
Cove: lilUcdsnoo-l. t> Bender Bro*.
Schr J G Wall, Gallup, 34 hours from Uuin
boiut; lumber, iv Unas Nelson.
Cleared. ■ : . •' -. .
FRIDAY, April 30.
Ktmr Pomona, Koran, Eureka; Uoodau, i'ertlai
4 Co.
Stmr City of Pnebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Uoodall, Perkins «ft Co.
st < r Jennie, Mason. Mary Island, via Seattle:
Pacific steam Whaling Co. •• . • ■
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude, Tahiti; J Plriet &
Co. , ■ ■:•;•_: •
schr Prosper. Noyes sealing and sea-otter buat
ng. E s.de .North Pacific Ocean; Q >" Kneass. '• .
balled. .. . v ". '-. • i
FRIDAY. April 30. .
Stmr Whit elaw, Johnson, Port A ngelei. , '-.■
Btmr Pomona. Doran. Eureka. - : ; • '■:'■■ '"
6tmr Crescent City, Allen, crescent (Mr. ■ ' "■• .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego. ... ' - -
l*tmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa cm: •• . ' '•'
Stmr Del None. Stock Grays Harbor. •' -.
Stmr Czarina, seaman, Coos Buy. '. '■". '■'. ':'
Schr Reliance, Wilson Kl9k< Mill.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Ulsen, Coos Bay. '•':'• •■. ■
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, Bowens Landing.'.' • ."
Schr Contianza, Wilson. •■.''" .•
Returned, i ' • V ; - i.' '•••.'. "''--.y
V' FRIDAY. ' April 30. •
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, hence Apr 30.'. re
turned on account or carrying away flying jib In a
strong NWgalei
*cnr Ocean spray, hence Apr 30, returned on .
account of heavy NW winds. •:*.'::.
■..'■ Telegraphic. ■• : '.•*/.' V,
rorvT LOB') 1 April 30-10 p. Weather
cloudy; winuNW. veioci./ 20 uiiiaj.
Charter*. ■ . ■
The ship Oriental loads coal at Departure Bar
fort tils port: shin Two Brothers, coal at Departure
Bay or Tacoma for this port. ;::,..:'. "■••■.
bpoknn. . . . ',•',
April 5 on the equator, Ion: 32 W, Br bark' Java '
from Oregon, for Queenstown. ■_-. ; -..• f. ■-..-.
I>oine»tio Port*. ' ' .' - '
NAVARRO— Airived Apr 30— Stmr Westport. '
hence Apr 29. •"•'■:• - ' ■ ' :
CASPAR— SaiIed Apr 30— Stmr. Jewel, for San
Francisco ' ' ' .■ • . :
KNAPPTON— Arrived Apr 30 -Schr Lucy, hce
Apr 20. ;;••:■: . ...... :.';
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Homer,' hce
ADr 28 : . •:
GREENWOOD— BaIIed Apr SO-Stmr Alcatraz,
for Newport. . ••
KAN UlEOO— Arrived Apr 30-Bchr Maria E
Smith, from Port Blakeley: bktn J M Griffith, frm
Port Hadlock. ••..■ .:•■,• ;.:■;
Sailed Apr 30— Schr Louise, for Umpqua River.'
SAN PEDKO— Arrive i Apr 30— ocur Barbara
Hernster, from Bowens Landing.-. ■ • . ■'■.;. . '■•■ ••
■ REDONDO-sailifa Apr Zi>— 6chr Roy Homers,
for Seattle; star Protection, for Ventura. 1 -, : '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Excelsior,
from Eureka. . • . '•
Sailed Apr 30— Schr Fanny Datard, for Port
Blakeley. . ■ . ■
NEWPORT— Arrived Apr 29— Schr Vesta, from
Port Blakeley. ■ ... -.....' «■•
SKAT TLE- Arrived Apr 29-Schr Wm Renton,
for Newior.. ' ' :.■ .
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 30-Stmr Alca
tr»z. hence Apr 29- " "'■ ■: "
CLALLAM-In bay Apr 30— Schr John A Camp
bell, from Port Blakeley, lor Newport. -. '•■•:
FORT BRAGG— sailed Apr 50— stmr Noyo. hce
Apr 29. :"
KEDONDO— Arrived Apr 30— Bktn Portland,
from Portland. ■ ■'•-.-:•'.• !
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr National City
hence Apr 28.
HADY CHEEK— Arrived Apr 30— Schr Nettie
Suudborg, hence Apr 26. .-.:.-..
IUK>.K.< Arrlvea Apr 30 — Stmr Ilumboldt,
hence Apr 29.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr SO— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Apr 28. ■'.'•■ -
sailed Apr 30— Schr W F Jewett, for San Fran
cisco. - . ■■■"-■'■■ ...'■
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Apr 30-Stmr Faral- j
lon, hence Apr 27, via Eurota and Coos Bay. - '
Foreign P«»rt«. .. . •
CHEMAINUS— SaiIed Apr 27— Br ship Crown of
India, for Liverpool. .
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 30— Bcnmr Coptic,
hence Apr 1. via Honolulu. "... ..
ACAJUTLA— baIIed Apr 13-3chr Falcon, - for
Port Townsend.
CARDlFF— Arrived Apr 29— Br ship County of
Haridlnit'on. from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 29— Br bark
Larias. hence Apr 12. ; - : :. •■■ •. ■•".".:
FALMOUTH-Sailed Apr 29— Br bark Iriver
neiil, for Hull. -
MOHOV AN— Sailed Apr 26— Br stmr Chlttacong
for Oregon. i . ■ .
SWANSEA— sailed Apr 29— Ger ship Bertha,
for San Francisco. ... :*•
Importation*. ■. ■ • . ■ .- :
COQUILLE RIVEH--Per Coquille River— l si
black sand. 7 bales flannel, 240 sks potatoes, 2'
liitks windows, 1 deer. 1 bx books, 20 pkgs mdse.
•29 hides, 28 tuus 1 keg 1 bi butter. 70 c* broom
handles, 4 pkcs wheels, 10 els matchwood, 250
tons roal.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— loo bbls wine. 16a
bxs oranges, 11 pints hardware, 39 bxs lemons, 19
sks walnuts, 25 sks beans, 11 bbls awcc: potatoes,
4422 ski barley.
San Pedro and East San Pedro— l bdl hose, 1
chest tea. a pkKS bamboo, 2 bxi mdse, 25 cs lithe
water, 3 bxs machinery.
H ueneme — 4 cs eggs, 1 bx butter.
Ventura— •> odls aides, 101 bxs oranges, 8 bxs
chutney. 76 Oxs lemons, 1 cs dry goods. . ;
Santa Barbara— - bxs butter, 3 bxs crockery, 4
rolls matting, 11 pkgs junk, 134 bxs lemons, 18
sks crawfish. 5 bxs oranges.
Gaviota— lß ska craw 5 bxs cutter. Ics eggs,
1 bx tobacco, a cs groceries.
Port Harford— 2 tubs 34 bxs batter. 15 cs cheese,
8 cseggs, 1 bx tinware, 1 cs dry goods, 1 cs mdse,
'I d res calves.
Cay cos— 2 tubs 119 bxs butter, 10 cs e«ga, 1 hf
bbl whisky. 1 bale wool, 1 keg brandy, 7 dressed
calves.
an Simeon— 7 cs eggs, 4 coops kens. 1 cs '
borsenails, 17 dressed calves, 18 tubs 109 bxs but
ter.
Canat<rnn«i.
Per Coquille River— Bandon Woolen-mills : E H
Klttredse; P Roth; California Chemical Works: G
Loweuberg; Hilmer, BredholT ASchulz : H. Jureg:
I) Keefe & Co; Kron Tanning Co; Lee Wailenro I:
W B Sumner *; Co; Wheaton, Broon & Co; s W
Harrington; TJBlakeney; Bay City Match Co;
W G Stafford.
Per Coos Bay— Uundlach <fc Co; J II Cain A- Co;
Wolf .t son: Gray * Barbierl; Bos:on Woven lAosn
ami Rubber Co: H Dulard: J M Hixon <fc Co: M J
Brandeimein & Co; Hilmer, Br^dhoff &. Schulz: J I
Demardnl: Cbalx Bernard: Fort Wayne Klec
trlc Co: A mer Curb Acid Gas Co; L Scatena <t Co :
National Brewery: W R Sumner & Co: Harris
KiaiACo: J lvancovicn « Co: L«c»tenaACo: A
Rtineman&Co: Tillmann & Bendcl: A Paladin):
EvelethA Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson: E
Maninoni; Getz Bros A Co; Murphy. Grant <& Co;
Norton. Teller .vs Or Dodge. Sweeney A Co; D E |
Allison A Co; American Union Fish 10: A Levy A j
Co: Dalton Kro<: .1 B Inguiclla: (i Camlllon i & Co;
Marshall A Reim?ra; VUnni A Co; R'.lUßros: *' B !
Canham; Wltwl A Baker: Whenton. Breon A Co; i
Haas Bros: Dairymen's Union; Western Meat Co; j
Brigham, Hoppe A Co: c E Whitney dc Co; Enter- I
prise Brewery : 11 Klrchmann *Co : H Me. er; J |
H Newbauer <fc (.'■>: Thoa Denigan, Son A Co: Neu
atailter Bros: Cha^ Montgomery A Co; Chicago
Brewery. Wellman, Pecs «t Co: ri. N Tilden A Co;
B>«ker<fc Hamilton: Hois A Hewlett : F Url A Co:
Wellm»n. Peck A Co: Miller. sioss A Scott: O B
Smith A Co: Marshall. Teggart A Co: J Schweitzer I
& Co: De Bernard! A Co.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
IIOETU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto iorryj.
sTtom San i'ranasco, Commencing Sept. 13. 1893.
WEEKDAY!
»orMUI VaUey and San Rafael— •7|2B, *9:1Bl
11:00 a.m.: -1:45. 3:45. "5U8. •5:45.6:30 rtS.
Extra trips for San Uafael on Mondays, VVedne*
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ~«c*
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Bafael— •8:00, •10:01
•11.30 a. M.:«l:ao. 3:00, '4:30. 6:16»: M.
Trains marked • run to Han Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T9t Point *%?. yea and way stations— 7:2s a. m.
Weekdays, 8«0 a. m. Mundaya, 1:45 f. m! SatnS
flays. -
for Casadero acu wav stations— 7:26 a. m. waste
fays; 1t45 r. m. Saturday a. ™ m
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains : connect with North Pacitio
Coast Railroad.
WEEK DAYs-A^ave F., via Sausalito hrry,
9: .5 A. M. 1:45. 6:15 p. M-
Leave Tdvc 11 of Tamalpals, dally, except Sun-
day . 1 :25. 4:20 p. m. : -. -
Extra trips leaving Tavern.Monday. Wednesday.
! Friday and Saturday. 7 a. m.; >lo.iday, w'edues-
, rt"> v n <\ « •tii'-d"-. !»:•.«. v \t.
SUNDAYS— Leave S. F. 8. 9. 10, 11 A.M.: 1:43,
- :3U I*. m. " '
12 1 ' "o Vl * r»V*>rn of Tamalpais— lo, 11:10 A.K.;
Tlckts for sale m Mill Valley or THOS. COOK
& SONS, 621 Market St., S. W. (.unatrl'alaee iio-
tel). Icfi.uuiif, Alum s'Jtii:.
ATXRO A» TRAVBt3 .;
SOUTH*'*:* PACIFIC I'OMPAKT.
■ (PACIFIC HVMXKM.)
TiHin> iMtu ™« -* «i"«- £""**•* \
MAN WU»WMO. I
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street. )• J. .
T.EAVK - FROMJIAY_I. 1397. - *»"-'■
•6:UOa Nik a. San Jose and Way Stations... -•••J' ;
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ugden ami liast.. ■»* a »
7:00 a Benieia. Sacramento, OroTille and .
Rcddfng via Davis »••»
7:00 a Vacaville Rurasey ........"..... ■•»»»".
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, >apa. ._
Caliatoga and Santa Bosa • lla '
■iSOANiles, San .lose. StocK ton. lone,
Sacramento. MarysTille,- Chico, _„••
TchamaardlledUluff 4!152
•8:30 a Peters ami Mi1t0n............ waa^
9(UUa New Orleans Kxprtss, Merced. >re»no. . ..
Bakorslield, Santa liiirl.ara, l.os ... :■;
Angeles. Deminjf. El Paso. New .
Orleans and East 13??
»:OOa Martinez ami Stockton ■ie'.isS
»:OOa Vallejo • •: I*- 10 *
....... Mica, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton »«ilii«r
•liOOp Sacramento River Steamers v 2 "i?
1 :OOp NUes, San Jose and Uvermore .!I"l2i
fl:3op Tort Costa and Way Stations . . . .... **.•*»»
4:UUp Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, BI Verano and gj<
• Santa P.osa l.»»"""» »»lO^
4:OOp Benicia. ' Vacavllle, A\f.o<lland,
Knights Landing, Maryimllc, Oro- m . Mlm
ville andSiicrainoutii.. ••••• r —'0
LatUrop, Stockton. Modesto Mer- .
ced, Kaymond (for YosenuU)), aud
Frekno, going via NUes, returning .
viaMartimz ••-••• *»*W^
SiOOpLos Angeles Exprem. fracy. 1 -
Fresno, Mcjave (for Randuburg). ,
: . Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7t48Al
5:O»p Santa Fo Route. Atlantic hx press
for Mojavo and Ka5t. . . . . ... ...••• irl?* 1
6:OOp Eiu-opt-au Mail, <» fil ieM and i.ant.... *»» .
6:oopHaywards, Nil.-sun.l San .lose *i:J»ij '
JSiOOi- Vallejo.... •• ♦'•••*»•
i Oregon Sacramento. ■«»•■ •■
ville. Ite.lding, Portland. Pnget f^:^:
■ . Wound and i:ast? '■***) ■
■ ■'■ SAX LEAS DUO AND HAV\VAIC»> LUUI.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<«6:00a1 ~ ■■ •'.■ ( f 7s '•*-*.'
. 8:00 a Melrose, Seminary Park, jo'«i
10.00* Fit«liburg, Elmhurst, jili.la.
«U:OOa . gait L*an<lro, Sonth San J ,f-!'ijl
:i a : -oop Loandro, Kutudillo, -. ' \*4*:± »Xj l
} t**—r \'■ 'i ■■■ Lorenzo, Cherry- % * ! .i%»
5 : oop .and ■■--' *iitar.
s:jiOP ■■"•'■ .;;.;VH.yTf.rd 8 . i •; . »J*g
»:00p i Runs through to Nile*. .. 10-?O^
ttlI:"5W tKrOmNileS ; /- : -V : -Ittialoow--
~ !SAMA t'ltl'Z IHVISION (Narrow flnuge;. '
' ' .-• ,. .-. -. ;■"■■-. (Foot of MnrliCt Stroct.t -^ji ■
. . J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Bon*l Cruz _ _:.
■■:• ami Principal Way Stations. . ..... J«M»O» .
' ■:4»a Newark,Ceiitervillo,!!uii.l»Bo.l'eltoii,
• • . . BoulderCrceW.SiMitaCriizaudMuy ■■'•■ ■
:••.■• Stations ......... »'»••
•*:18p Newark. Centerville, San Jose. New
. '.-. ■Almaden, Felton. llouldcrCreuk. .->...•
. : :.-• Santa Cruz an.l Principal V»y .. .,,
5tati0n5....:....... ...•••• • M s -«*
4:1-1 1- Newark. San .los« and t/wt >;»lnn... »:.>Oa.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' From SAN mKCISCO— Foot of Market Strwt (Slip 8)— ■■-
•7:15 . 9:00 . 11:00 a.M. tl'-OO *2:00 t3:Q^
*4:00 . ;'.' 15:00 *6:00r.M. . :.'• -. .
from OmiND— of Broadway.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
■';-.: tl2:00 : . *l:00 ■' t3:00 : '3:00 ' t*=oo *B:oQf.m.
. COAST: VISION (Third A Towimfinl"st».) '_
7:oOA.San Joso ami Way Stations (New
•••••••-•. . Alinatlcn Wednesdays only) • IlttOj
: 9:00 a San ' Joscv Tres Duos.- Santa Cruz,
- ;: ; .-: Tacilic Paao Rubles, San , ■; ,
; '; •'.-: ' -. -I,iiis<)bisi)o t iuadalupe, Surf and
'••-■'..■■ ' . "■. --.rrincliial Way .Stations 4:15 -
.. IO««Oa San .lose liml Way Stations...-. 6:30p
J1;:IOa Palo Alto ami Way Stations 5:00 a
. *2:30p San Mateo. Menlp Park, San Jose,
!■ : .-' -.-. '-. '•'. ■ Gilroy.'.Tres : Pinos, Santa Gntx,
•"■•-.•'•..• • Balinas.Mi)nter«-yainlPiiciiic<;riive # IO:4O*. .
. <8:;iOp San .lose and Way Stations y:4.")A.
•4:30p San Joso ami Way .Stations.-....'.... •»:<>3a
:••' 3:3oi> Sau .lose and Principal Way .Stations •.•Bi43a
:■'■. «::»»!■ San Jose anil Way Stations. ..'.-...•.'. 6»»»A
t11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations :.'.,... t7:45p .
' :- ■ :.; A for Morning. ■■•'."'. ;.* I' for Afternoon.
'• Siindava excelled. :t Sundays only, ♦ Sal. unlay only
.':- ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
— • — —r- — ■' ■::.-.:"T..: t : — : = ■
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
■'• . . ;;, ;••" ■ SPECIAL, NOTICE. : .. ■■ .
oxacJauNrcsrE iio" time
SAM FRI!\CISCoIiI) PORTLAND,
;.. Commencing may Ist. .
.{■.'■':/'•'■'..'■■"■ •••■'• OregonjKiorens. daily '
:• ' ' -. ' at... .:;-.-,. .8:00 P.M.
'': ■ ' ■ ' . (Arrives Portland 9:
at . .... .8:OO P. Bt,
(Arrives Port lan.l 9: 30
; ■ . . FRO3I ' •.;-./ ' •■• A. M.second day.) .' ■
. ' '•■ '••■.• ■•■•■ ,Ex r -ur»ion I'rai ii (every
SAN FRANCISCO J fifth day at 7:(»O P.M.
'. • -• I --... Commencing M*y 3.
.- :•- ' 1 (Arrives Portland 5:00
. .. '■• . \ ' a. m. sec >nd day.) ■;.'•-
-• : . ' ...'■•' .-. California Kxpreii,
•- ••.•..■•..-.• I daily, at... .6:00 P. »1...
':■'. ' •"■■ •'."•'■ '■'•'• .1 '.(Arrives San Francisco ..
•..:'.. FROM ■.•■'■■••- 1. .7:45 a. M.second day.) ,-
•••.•'•■. (Excur<io'iTraini"vir7 '.-'
PORTLAND... • j fifth day lat ln:(»o I'M.
'.- ■■-. . .. ■ / '•• Commencing May 2. "."
-.-■ ■-. • . I ( Ai ri •es San Francis- o
. '. ' ■'■■•! •■'• \ ■■.7:15 a. ; t«. second day.) "":
T. H. GOODMAN,. . . '• •'': H. K. JCDAh, '
Genl. Passenger Agt.- ■' Asst. Genl. Passer. Act.'.
SM FRANCISCO &KORTB PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. s
-. Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. • • ',
: •:? San Francisco to San Rafael. ' •■ :
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a m • Vi-W.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays- Extra trio
et 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:3
and 11:30 p. m. • : . . : :. . •
BCNI>AYS— 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; I:3a a:ajl
.. b:00, t» :20p.m. :.. : : - !/* .; . •
San Kafael to <!»n Franclnco. -'<''- '•'■'■
j WEEK DAYS-8:15, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a.-.
,12:45.3:40,5:10 p.m. Saturdays-Extratrlpi •?
lat 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. ic -. pl
SUNDAY »-8:lU, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40,3:11
5:00, 6:25 P. M. ■
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part sama
schedule as above. • ' .
"^¥r,^ Inpffp/^ ' s.n^?a^r
6an Franclsca Ban Franciscq
7:30 am, 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8-40
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 vm 6:22 pm
_""'•' ■ Fulton, •
7:30 am . Windsor. 10:25 ax
Uealdsburg, . ..' ' , .' .
Lytton, . . '. •
Geyserville, • : .'. '' .
! 3:30 pm '8:00 am , Cloverdale. 7:78 fii 6:22 pm.
Pieta, ~~~*
i 7:30 am Hopland <& ;'. :n .-. . M
I 3:80 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pj« .
I 7 :bo am ~~ ~ 1045 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm J ' - ■ . - - I 6:22 Pif. '.
7:3oam 8:00 am I Sonoma ! 10:40 am 8:40 ait
• ' and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm I Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pyf '
I 7 :30 am 1 8. 00 am 1 sebastODoL 1 10:40 a m 110:2' AM
3:3OPMiS:OOPM| &eDastopoL I 6:10 pm| 6:33
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Marie Wens .
Springs: at (Jeyserville for Ska«;Ks Springs; at
< loverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Higblaml
Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Soda Bay and l.akcport ; as
j Hopland for Lakeport and Kartiett Spring*: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blui
I Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
I Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Buck-
I null's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boonevllla.
: Orr's Hot Springs, ilendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
j Westport, Vsal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduosj
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points by-
yond ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bull<Jln»
A. W. FOSTER, R. x. RYAN.
l'rea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe I ®S§rj
Limited. MS'fc&ixtfSrf&k.
On MOXDAVS and "
THURSDAYS the fir*:- HfKsEjnHS|3£3a
class Pullman sleeping-car |^Ofe3ii2jj£Ssr3&Jtk]
leaving at & P. M. connects HBHs4££*Jsf^LsSc3
at Jtlarstow with th» Santa fSMfab- *"CiiMLwS -
! >c limited train carrying %SK£»Hfflr
dining-car, buffet smoking- •J^SSrpJ^SffiK
c«r and Pullmnn palac«
drawing-room sleeplnjt-cKrs \2SOBS?S2ii=fca
I for t;O'.h Chicago and Si- ""••^3**^^t^^p
i LouN via Kansas City.
■ 3?^ i)»j» to Chicago or St. Louis.
! 4' 2 Days to »w York.
j SANTA FE EXPRESS. .
Leaves daily at sr. it. Pullman palace drawing.
1 room, also mrdern upholstered tourist sleeping
: cars, through to c blcago via Kansas City. Annex i
car* for Denver and St. Louis. . "
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave, every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Market n're^t, * hron*
1cl« bnlldlug. Telephone Main 1531.
; THE FRAJCISCO AND SAS JOAOUIX
VALLEY RAILWAY cwiit
FROM APKIL 15, 1897, passenger trains will
run daily: . '
! bonthbouud. . Station*. Northbound. ■
7:20 a.m. ...;. Stockton 5:40 p « "
9:49 a.m...... Merced ..... .....3:14 p.m., '
I 11:60 a.m. Fre5n0. .......... 1:10 m. : ,
For intermediate stations see time-table. .
t Couiieci,..i, s — At ■■.....vc-io». ».... Vvu.*V : . ( of'
C. N". dt I. Co , Lavl « San Fr«nci«co «nd a occio»
. at b p. m. daily: at Merced with stages fr.ni SutiW
Ings, tou'.tervllle, Yosemlte, Marlposa, "tc.- at
[ Laakershlm with sago to and from Mader* -WAS KEPT THREE
DAYS IN PRISON
Dr. Kellett Went to Marin
County and Was Ar
rested. ;.■■■•■ ■'-■.■.; ■■.:«
; : ■ ■•'•"■'. '•■,■ •-.•-' ' ■
Quickly Released as .There Had
Been No '■• Violation of the
Law.
Returned to ' Oakland, and I? Preparing |
to Brin; Suit for H' avy
■
■ ■ ;•■. /..Damages.
. :.•: ; ' • ; ':"'
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,?
, . 908 Broadway, Apiil 30. )
Dr. John L. Kellett said to-day that he
will Drins a suit against the Town Mar
shal of San Rafael for false imprisonment
and for damages to his business and rep
.- matron. ' ;".■-. . . ■
A few days ago Dr. Kellett went to
Marin County from this city to engage in
a temporary business. -'. He made inquiry
of. the District Attorney! of that county
and was informed that no license would
be necessary to carry on his business.
me lime later he-.m>t the Town Mar
shal; who informed him that it would be
DR. J. L. KELLETT, Who Will Sue Marin County for Heavy
Damage; for Being Kept in a Dungeon.
necessary for him to take out a liceese
:.at if he did not do so he would De
arrested and put in jaiJ.
Dr. Kellett uses ill hi 5 ? business some !
r.nueria! that is wholly manufactured in j
this Stale, and to sell which the State law
provides that no licerise is necessary.
Alter the visit of the Marshal and to avoid
trouble, Dr. Kellett. procured the license
and opened up business. He did no: in
tend to remain there more than a lew
days, as his permanent home is in this
city, but on the second day of his stay he
was arrested by the Marshal, put in jail,
kept there for three days without any
;•■ beinp placed against him, and hn
vieased by a Justice as he had not
violated any law.
The doctor returned to Oakland to-day
and is now taking steps to recover from
ttie Ma r shat of San Rafael. "I was kept
in their dungeon several day?," ?aid Dr ?
Keller., "without any reason whatever. I
first inquired o! the proper legal authority
what was necessary tor me to do, and was
assured tnat I was in no danger of vioiat- ;
ir.j :.ny city ord. nance. After taking out
a license, which I did merely to avoid any
un; iea«a:itnes% the Marshal pretended to
have discovere 1 some other reason for ar
resting me and took me to jail, where I
languished to my great dis-comfort. I
ier my reputation and my profession ;
.;ctl and also was seriously injured '
in my business, and I do not intend to I
drop the matter nntil I obtain some sub- ■
stantial satisfaction."
RELY UPON KAARSBURG.
Berkeley's Hope in the Basebiil
Game to Be Played
To- Day.
Ai Dep.'nds on the Condition of the
Pitcher for tbe Ci i
fornias :
BERKELEY, Cat.., April 30.— The con
dition of Pete Kaarsburg is the all-absorb
ing topic of discussion in Berkeley to
night. It is generally thought that if he
Ditches op to bis standard of two weeks
ago Berkeley will win to-morrow's base
bail game, the decisive one of the season,
from Stanford.
The rest of the blue and gold team are
players all expert in their places. With
Kaarsburg in good form the present Cali
fornia nine is declared to be the best that
Berkeley ever had. Two weeks ago the
men played an errorless game and since
then have practiced diligently under
Coachers Nott and Cohen and with the
exception of Hoag, center fielder, all are
in first-class condition. Hoar's injured
linger i 3 much improved, bnt is still sore!
and may cause him pain in catching flies, \
but he is a steady, sure and plucKy player J
and it is confidently expected that he will j
put up his usual game.
If Berkeley win?, the blue and gold will \
l.nve achieved a season victory, tbe lirst ;
since 1892, and will have a chance for the j
s iver trophy offered by the University!
If the cardinal is victorious the |
v will go permanently to Palo A; to. i
The California team will be as follows:
Kaarsburg, pitcher; Wheeler, catcher; :
Hrnnessy, first base; Elston, second bate; ,
Krug, third base; Kuster, t-hortatop;
Sykea, right field; Hoag, center field;
McLaren, left field.
Blue and Gold.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— Now that
the '9B Blue and Gold is out <f tbe way, i
.1 tor Fryer of the ciass of ' 99 is prepar
ing lor the annual to be issued by his
ciass. The '98 book achieved a signal
: j
■ I >
I The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
lis acquired by ladies who use Pozzowi's |
I Complexion 1 Powder. Try it.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
succes?, and Fryer and his assis:ants will
make every effort to le equally successful.
The '99 men will not sparo either faculty
or students. They are on the lookout for
funny stories, and the badge of a high
cfficeVill be no safepnsrd against their
s-hots and their caricatures. Already they
are at work upon the idiosyncrasies of the
men who are known to furnish good ma
terial.
A noticeabl' feature of '93's book i« the
absence of reference to Professor Albin
Putyfcer, the Btar of many volumes and
the subject of sketches and jokes without
number. Never before since the professor
oi German came to Berkeley has he been
spared by the editors of a ' Blue and
Go.'d," and it is whispered that the inno
vation -.w.s done to quiet vi« ; s mado by
the professor to members of Editor Rec
tor's staff. It is said that the German
professor, who is regarded as one of t ho
besc tnbjecia in the university, will not
e-c ipo so ea9iiv this time.
•or Fryer named his staff of a° = ist
ant< to-day.
They ;ire M?i Edith Uunnell, Miss
Alice Hi Lor, Miss Kate Kothernel. Miss
Lola Simpson, Miss :.!. J. to! by, Harold
Symmes, Ralph Daniels, John B. Baird,
W. Gibbons and Arthur Ellis.
California Hi tie Team
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30. -Lieuten
ant Winn to-day announced the members
of the California r;(le team to compete
: with the Eastern universities in the com
ing National contest. Th 9 b ue-snd-pola
phootera are Capt.iin W. A. Starr. Captain
. .7. B. M^tcalf. Lieutenant P. W. Cart
; wrlßht, Lieutcant 0. D. Wedemeyer,
Sergeant S. V. WeSt, Bergeant D. Bairrt,
Sergeant 1". R. Thomas, Corporal R.
W. Bender; Privates P. B. Beville, J.
' Hoffer, J. L. Kennedy, J. E. McGuire, J.
I A. fearce, (.. H. Winkling.
Another Home Industry Kncouraged
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30 —The Board
', of I'ub.ic Works has just awarded a con
i tract which is very gratifying to those
merchants who are working for the pro
lection oi purely local industries. Several
thousand ieet of hose has been ordered
for the Fire Department on the express
condition that tLe covering for ii is made
by the California Cotton Mills of East
Oatland. These mills have recently
erected some special machinery for the
purpose of doing this class of work, and
; have satisfied the Commissioners that the
} results will be qu te as favorable as if done
by any Eastern house.
| PLANNING PO3 THEIR WORK.
Grand Rally of KndcaTorers in the
Kirst Presbyterian Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., May I.— The first
general Christian Endeavor rally in the
interest of the general committee work
for the international convention in Ban
Francisco will be held in the First Pres
byterian Churcn Friday evening next.
The speakers will be from the general
committee in Stm Francisco, including
Chairman R. V. Watt and Vice-Chairman
J. y. Webster. A. M. Benham of the
music committee will have his choir to
gether that night and furnish some in
spiring music. After the addresses are
completed all who have previously been
selected for committee work will meet in
various parts of the hou-e ar.d receive in
structions from the chairmen of their
committees in the work tliey are to do.
The house will be decorated with the con
vention colors and flags for the occasion.
On Friday afternoon andevenine, June
11, the thirty-third quarterly convention
of the Alameda County Christian En
fieavor Union will ba held in the First M.
E. Church. The reception committee will
be called upon then to practice if work,
while the ushers from thi» county for the
great gathering in July will seat the dele
gates.
The work of raising funds for the estab
lishment of drinking fountains upon the
Ban i.oandro road will soon be taken up.
Each of the local unions will be a=ke.l
to raise sufficient to pay for one fountain.
The water company will then be a-fked to
donate the water to order that man ana
i beast may have a drink without patron
j .zing a saloon. The societies along the
road will be charged with the care and
projection of the fountains.
The nex'. meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California Christian En
. deavor Union will be held in tne Young
Men.-! Christian Association building in
this city. Delegates are expected from
San Diego, Los Angeles, San Jose, Sacra
mento, Kan Francisco and other interior
I points.
This county alone has seven or more
representatives upon the committee. The
: programme for the Stale meeting on Sat
urday nigh;, July 10, in Woodward's pa
vilion, ban Francisco, will be arranged,
■ and all matters preliminary to the con
\ veution settled.
At Hnywnrcls' Clabhome.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— McCoy's
! conceit band of sixteen selected soloists
; will render a programme of classical and
\ popular music, including several solos, at
the opening of the clubhouse at the ter
minus of tbe ilavw.irds electric railway,
on Sunday, May ~, between 1 and 5 p. it.
The name- of Mrs. Hayward and Mrs.
GarretKon art sufficient guarantee of the
quality of the table and of the comforts to
be enjoyed by all who go. The Hay wards
electric-cars ran every half hour direct to
the park.
An Orplioum for Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 30.— Gu*tav
Walter, tne proprietor of the Orpheum,
has almost completed negotiations for
building a popular playhouse in this city.
He wants to locate on the Smith property
on Fourteenth street, across from the Mc
donough Theater. He wishe3 to construct
the building himself at a cost of $40,000
and is now trying to lease the land tor ten
or twenty years.
Exposition Work Commenced.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 30.— Messrs.
Trowbridge, Gipr and Spi.nrs hava Been
appointed an executive committee by the
expo-ition directors with foil power to act
in letting contracts for the annual exposi
tion, whic;> opens July 4. To encourage
exhibitors it lias been decided to charge
nothing for space and to pay fora n'rst
: asa fruit exnibi 1 ., to be renewed each ,
uay. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
WILL TUNNEL IF
IT BE POSSIBLE
Merchants Unite on a
Plan to Cross the
Estuary.
Opposed to the Building ol Any
Bridges at All Across
the Haibor.
The Matter Clearly Set Forth in
Colonel Bridges' Report to the
Board of Trad-.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) ■
SOB Kroartway, April 30. j
It was decided to-night that on Monday
next the important project of building a
tunnel beneath the estuary, instead of a
bridge, will be formally presented to the
Supervisors by tne joint committee of the
Merchants' Exchange and the Board of
Trade.
Colonel Lyman Bridges, engineer to the
Board of Trade, has just completed his
plans and figures and they were consid
ered in detail to-day.
The cost of the tunnel will not exceed
$.09,000 according to the plans. The follow
ing statement of the engineer, which will
be presented to the Supervisory covers the
whole of the present situation regarding
Oakland, Alameda and the Southern Pa
cific Company, for the first time. It was
prepared in the form of a resolution so
that it need not be changed and no time
need be wasted in discussing it. It reads:
Whereas, The two bridges across the estu
ary of Sail Antonio, or Oakland Harbor, as it
is now called, are an obstruction to naviga
tion and a hindrance to the growth, and pros
perity of Alameda County and to the cities of
Ottkland and Alameda in particular; and
whereas, the United States Government has
demanded that before July, 1898, there shall
not be less than 150 ieet clear on each side of
the center piers of said bridges when the
draws thereof are open, thus virtually com
pelling the removal of the present bridges;
and whereas, the conditions and cir
cumstances iti force at tho time when
the railroad bridge across the harbor at the
foot of Alice street was permitted have so
changed tnat there is uo longer a necessity
for any railroad bridge whatever across said
Oakland i.arbor; and whereas, there is no in
justice to the railroad company in our urging
the abandonment oi tueir Alice-street bridge,
tliey using instead a third rail on iheir nar
row-gauge trflck on Pacific avenue to Park
street, and using the narrow-gauge pier for ail
Alameda traffic, with broad-gauge trains
on their Fruitvale route on Purk street,
adding also a third rail to the
Webster street track, ana running
trains thereon to the O*klnnd pier, using
also, a third rail on their broad-gauge lines
from Webster street on First street to their
broad-gauge pier; also extending the third
rail from \\ ebstcr 6treet to Frultvale. aud by
a shoot link of narrow-gauge tracks from
Fruuvftlo to Versailles-avenue station on the
t\ P. C. R. R., or any other plan decided upon
by the railroad company to accomplish the
same end; thereby giving both Alameda and
Oakland better service and saving the ccst of
tho construction of a bridge and the cost
ot repairs, expenses oi the operation
thereof and the cost of inevitable ac
cidents to life and property. And
whereas, a viaduct can be constructed on
liroadu ay, commencing at tho south side of
Fourth street, continuing with open viaduct
to Second s;reet, thence, by tunnel under the
harbor to an equal length on the south side of
said harbor, thence by open viaduct for a dis
tance of 800 feet to the present erade, there
by giving an easy grade oi five feet in each
100 feet of tunnel and viaduct, and a deptii of
more than sixty feet below tidewater. There
fore be it
Resolved, That the interests of the citizens of
Alameda County will be bestservod by the re
moval of the two bridges now crossing Oak
land harbor.
Retolved, That every effort should be put
forth, especially by the citizens of Oakland
and Aiameda, to prevent any railroad or
county bridge from being rebuilt across said
harbor.
Resolved, That we earnestly recommend to
the Board of Supervisors of this county that
they cause a tunnel and viaducts to be con
strucitfcl under Oakland harbor at Broadway,
issuing bonds therefor if neiessary. said tun
nel and viaducts to be used solely for w« eon
traffic, street railways and poaestriaus.
It was deemel advisable to get the peo
ple of Alnmeda to co-operate with the
committee, and the following was also
adopted :
Whereas, The citizens of Alameda will
derive an equal benefit from the tunnel under
the harbor, and believing that they are very
much interested In the plan set forth in reso
lutions passed by this committee; therefore
be it.
Resolved, Tnat the chairman and secretary
of. this committee invite the president of the
Board 01 Trustees of Alameda to appoint a
committee to meet with this committee at its
next meeting.
BADLY BURNED.
James H. Kom Jr., a Fainter, Meets
With :\ Terrible Accident— lt
May Prove Fatal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 30— James H.
Ross Jr., a painter, was terribly burned at
the residence of W. R. Van Brunt, at 1727
Encinal avenue, this afternoon by the
catching tire of a mixture of wax and tur
pentine which he was heating on a stove
for use. In some way the atnff caught
{ire, probably by boiling over, and the
fl»me3 were quickly communicated to the
woodwork of the kUcncn. Ross saw the
tire and at once rushed into the house.
He seized the mixture, which was in a
blaze, and ran int" the yard with it. In
an instant after reaching the open air
Ross was enveloped in flames, which cov
ered him from head to foot. Instead of
throwing himself on the ground and roll
ing to extinguish the flames, he b?came
frantic and ran about the yard screaming
for help.
Just as Ross ran from the burning house
a little cnild of the Van Brunts was run
ning into the building and was in immi
nent danger of catching lire. A carpenter
named J. Chalmers, who was at work on
the house, ran to the scene, and, seeing
t lie little one. grabbed it just in time to
prevent it from coming in contact with
Ross and his flaming clothes. Having
put the child in a place of safety, ho went
immediately to Ross' assistance, and aiaed
in extinguishing the flames, after whicti
be took part in patting out the fire In the
house. Medical aid v/as at once sum
moned for Ross and all wa* done that was
possible. After the burns had been dressed
he was taken to the sanitarium on San
Jose avenue for treatment. He is very
seriously injured and suffers terribly, and
if, as probable, he inhaled any of the fire
his condition will be c-iticol.
Suntlay-Scliool Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 30.— The Ala
meda County Sunday-school Convention
was in session to-day and this evening at
the Park-street Methodist Church. The
sessions commenced at 2 o'clock tnis
afternoon. Addresses were delivered by
M. T. Holcomb, Rev. J. M. French and
Miss Nicbol of Oakland. Rev. Robert
WMttaker of Oakland presided. This
evening addresses wern delivered by Mrs.
Marian Taylor, J. N. Young, Rev. C. H.
Hobart and Rev. John Rea.
Company G.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 30.— Company
G has quite recovered from its setback of
some time ago. It has a goodly member
snip and nreat interest is taken in the
proceedings. There is scarcely a meeting
that a new member is not chosen. Some
good work is being done by it at the butts
as well. It lias twice defeated Company
F of Oakland In lifieen-man matches, and
is now arranging a match with Company
Aof the same place. Gis to have a hand
icap in this match, as the A men are
crack shots and the G boys are little more
than beginners.
Annual muster and inspection is to be
held on Wodne-day evening next and it
is intended to make a showing of 100 per
cent on attendance, if possible. The boys
intend to strain every nerve to take a high
rank.
-Votes.
Profes'or Rising of the State University has
sent for samples of the milk on which, the
child mi led that recently died from pto
maine poisoning. He intends to subject it to
analysts.
- An Inquest was held this morning on the
infant son of Mr. and Mrs. L. Hendrlcksen of
37 Turk nventie. It was found thnt death re
sulted from bronchial troubles, the result of
whooping-cough.
The Libor Kxehange published a long list
of deal.MS mill oihera who »re MlllHg to ex
change goods or labor for Labor Exchange
checks.
The public schools will picnic at Lcona
Heights to-morrow. There will ba a pro
gramme, the usual sport-, etc.
Treasurer Wheeler has had to file a new
bond, as in nicking out the first one the fact
was overlooked that he must cive bond 3 for
tax collectio'is. He had no difficulty in ob
taining the additional bondsmen.
VALLEY RAILROAD PLANS.
Being Gradually Unfolded, but Pub
licity It No* Desired.
OAKLAND, Cai.., April 30.— A letter has
been received from the Valley Railroad
directors stating that negotiations are
ponding in regard to tae road from Stock-
JAKEY BAUMGARTEN, the Oakland Newsboy Who Stopped a j
Runaway and Prevented a Serious Accident.
ton to th*» bay that would make it injudi
cious just at this time to state what would
induce them to come into Oakland.
E. A. Heron, chairman of the commit
tee which hns in charge the matter of ob
taining definite ideas from the Valley
road, says the letter indicates a desire on
the part of tlio directors not to act hastily.
"In this matter, which is a hie undertak
ing," said Mr. Heron, "we can ensiy see
that it would not be wise for the Valley
road to disclose its private business, and
to a certain extent our negotiations with
them must therefore bn of a confidential
nature. We feel convinced that the road
people are willing to be very candid with
us when they are assured that pending
negotiations will not be Indiscriminately
made public. This is good business fore
sight, and in a few days we shall no doubt
arrive at some definite understanding."
COMMENCEMENT DAY.
Several Institutions Announce Their
Programmes and Classes.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— Several ed
ucational institutions have already ar
ranged for their commencement day exer
cises.
The Baptist, College at Highland Park
will present diplomas 0:1 May 20 to the
following graduates :
Roy L. Alexander, Salinas; Daisy V. E.
Bo wen, Oakland; James 11. Bracu, San Frnn
cisco; Hattto L. Bromley, Golden Gate; Wayne
C. Colver, Sun Francisco; Floronce C. Dam,
Wheatland; Lillta Belle Farmer, Santa Rosa;
Samuel K. Laugford, San Francisco; Donald
Macrae, Oakland; Mabel F. Hoyt, Oakland;
Frank E. Wells, San Francisco; Edward O.
Webb Jr., San Leatidro.
The music graduate? are Magdalene Blankart,
Oakland ; InezGarnett, Willows; Jessie Morey,
Montana, and Emma Besiegus, Oakland. ..
On June 4 the Convent of Mercy in East
Oakland will hold commencement day
and the following young ladies will grad
uate: Marion Tiiton, Stephanie Degorski
and Roberta Rcbbins.
At the Convent of Our Lady of the
Sacred Heart the graduating class, con
sisting of Miss Alice Brady, Miss Ethel
Corrigan of Red Biuff and Miss Mabel
O'Connell of Marshheid. Or., will receive
their diplomas on May 25. ■
Alrg. MarUtany la Free
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— Mabel S.
Maristacy was granted a divorce to-dny
on the ground of extreme cruelty. No
alimony was asked, though the wile was
allowed 5200, attorney's ices. Prior to the
proceedings Joseph Maristany had settled
$13,000 of community property on his
wife. Maristany is a wealthy resident of
Aiameda and was married in Tebruary,
1805, to Mrs. S perry, who was previously
Mabel McCraley. The marriage took
place shortly after tne death of the rim
Mrs. Maristany in a lunatic asylum.
■\Voodyard Again Opened.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— The direct
ors ol the A-sociaied Charities, who closed
up tho woodyard last week, nave decided
to reopen it, and it is now in operation.
It was found that the cost of running it
was, on account of the small interest in it,
greater than the experiment justified. An
agreement has been made by which the
present superintendent, J. Beale, will run
it under the auspices of the Associated
Charities, but in such a manner that it
saall not cost tho institution anything.
The inhabitants o! the United States
consume more tiian half the quinine pro
duced in the world.
The fac-simile /rf vrSTT^a^ "on every wra PP er
signature of j (da^/fff&£&/X °* CASTORIA. :
JAKEY BAUMGARTEN
BEATS A RUNAWAY.
Scrambles Into the Wagon
and Narrowly Saves
a Life.
A Piucky Acticn on Broadway
That Was Witnessed by a
Large Crowd.
fbo Little Fellow Rin a Furious
Racj and Came Out More Than
a Winner.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,)
yt)B Broadway, April 30. f
Jakey Baurcgarten was the hero of
Broadway at noon to-day. He succeeded
in stopping a lively runaway in a very
clever fashion and at the same time prob
ably saved a couple of lives. Most cer
tainly he saved a serious accident.
Just at noon, when the streets were
crowded with people going to their lunch,
a horse and wagon came tearing up Broad-
way from Seventh street. The animal had
evidently taken fright while its driver was
away from the wagon and being un
hitched it tore away up Broadway at a
lively jrait.
Jakey was standing at the corner of
iiightii and Broadway when the animal
rushed past. Some of the passers-by in a
spirit of jest said to him: "Catch thnt,
Jukey." A second later Jakey v,-aa half
way across the Btreet and pursuing that
iiorae ana wagon at a speed which would
give him first prize in any athletic contest
on Berkeley's carupus.
For a couple , of blocks the chase was
kept up, and Jakey gradually decreased
tne distance between himself and the tail
of the wagon. -Near Tenth street Jakey
put on a spurt and got his hands on the
rear of the wagon, ami with a few springs
he tumbled into it. He seemed to land on
his head and shoulders, but before an
other second had elapsed Jakay had
scrambled his way along to the seat and
was graspin*: for the reins.
Just at this instant a woman and child
came out of the drugstore on the corner
and were about to cross the road before
noticing the runaway. Hundreds of peo
ple yelled to them to step back, but it
only had the effect of confusing. them and
causing them to look the wrong way. A
few more steps and they would undoubt
edly have been under the horse's feet;
but just, in the nick of time Jakey tugged
1 on the reins with sufficient force to check
i the animal and turn it across the road be-
I fore the woman realized the danger to
which she had been exposed.
Jakey drove the wagon back the way it
had come, turned it over to its owner and
was rewarded with the munificent sum of
two bits. ; ;0 ': V
Found No Golden Slipper.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— The three
little daughters of Mrs. A. Sawyer of this
city have returned from their unpleasant
experience with the "Little Cinderella"
company, which was recently stranded at
Salt Lake City. On the guarantee of the
manager, E. J. Holden, Mrs. Sawyer
closed up her dressmaking parlors, and
with her three children joined the com
pany. She has now returned, with one
little girl sick, a bill against Holden for
$190 for salary and a ruined business.
Gravel Cart Wrecked.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 30.— There was
a small wreck at West Oakland to-day. A
couple of car* loaded with gravel were run
into by an extra freight train around a
curve. The gravel cars were stationary
and the engineer was not aware that any
thing was on the track. The wreck was
cleared away in a 'short time and no in
convenience was caused.
Wan an Aged Drug Clerk.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— The re
mains of the man who was found yester
day near the California and Nevada depot
were identified ttiis morning as those of
Jacob Nagengast, who has been employed
by Redtngton Brothers of San Francisco
for twenty years. He was about 60 years
old and had no relatives. ' Death is said to
be due to acute pneumonia.
Sierra Railway Election.
At a meeting yesterday at the office of
the Sierra Railway Company the following
board of directors was elected for the ensuing
year: Prince Poniutowski (president), S. I).
Fresiimau (\ ice- president anil treasurer), Hall
McAllister and Frank \V. Pierce.
Disbursing Officer Glad to Recommend
Faille's Celery Compound.
No department at Washington just now | blood and toning up the nerves in the
90 absorbs the attention of the people as ] spring has tempted scores of incompetent
the splendidly growing, formidable navy, persons, schemers and clerks with only a
It is !p, f trfe U-lace Annapolis grad- dangerous smattering of medical know!-
It is not to the gold-lace Annapolis grad- C(1 J to venture to concoct so-called
uates that the brunt of the responsible i spring remedies.
work falls, but to the able department In sharp contrast with these risky prep-
officials, of whom Disbursing Officer P. H. | arations is the one valuable spring remedy
Sticknev is one. A letter from him says: i worthy the name in the estimation of
"Havinc taken Paine's celery compound competent persons : and medical author!-
-...... i t i * J•• ties, Paine s celery compound.
for the last few weeks I have found it a Thig widely praised a nd widely prized
perfect spring remedy, and been much remedy really doe 3 make people well. It
benefited by it." is as far removed, in the minds of judi-
Spring is the decisive time in the life of clous men and women, from all other
every person out of Health. It is an as- remedies purporting to accomplish equal
sured fact that stubborn disorders become ! "T^^n L*?™
...  ■, .. . m , . . ! Clear-headed professional men, business
quickly curable in the spring. This is es- ; men nnd the * eat body of . nar d-working
pecially true of such persistent troubles as j brain-workers all over the country be-
rheumatism, neuralgia and obstinate kid- \ heye heartily, and with good reason, in
ney diseases. Paine's celery compound.
No one, sick or well, can afford to "try" Paine's celery compound gets its stanch-
uncertain remedies in spring, or any other } est indorsement from physicians on<i
time. Bf>£9 v • ' | scientific men who were led to verify its
The dishonesty of many self-named j claims because of its discoverer, the dis-
spring remedies becomes startlingly ap- j ting-uish*rl Dartmouth college professor,
parent when their results are compared j Edward E. Phelps, M.D., LL.D.
with the results obtained from this ac- Nothing will pull a tired-out, nervous,
curate, scientific preparation, Paine's eel- \ 'run-down" manor woman out of the
cry compound. The general practice , quatrmire of sinking health so promptly
among careful people of purifyinc ti e • an i firmly a* Paine's celery compound.
LEGAL NOTICES.
rrHK CALIFORNIA DEBRIS COMMISSION
X having received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from CHARLES and BEN HOW-
LJi/rr. in the Howlett claim, near Columbia Hill,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings In Knapp Ra-
vine, and from the Marguerite Gravel and Quartz
Mining Company, In the Marguerite mine, in
Eureka Mining district, Nevada county, to deposit
tailings in a ravine, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 59. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco, Cat., on May 10, 1897. at 1 :30 p. it.
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY. BAB
Francisco, April 15. 1897. — In compliance
with the provision* of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Hoarn of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1&80, there will be sold ac public auction by K. S.
bptar «£ Co., at their salesrooms, HI and Hi) Gutter
street, on ' •;; .
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lo^t
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
forte of .San Francisco, fa detailed In an inventory
thereof on rile In the office of the cleric of the
Board of Supervisors, and consisting of jewelry,
wearing apparel, plstol-t, kn,tves. etc.: also a lot of
trunks, valises, clothing, etc ., property of decease!
Persons received from the Coroner of this City and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
A. C. WIIJKKK,
City nnd Ccnnty Treasurer. \
ATTORNEYS- AT-L, AW.
ADVICK FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty: private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detective*; cstab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 -Market st, corner Stockton st.
DVIOB FKKK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDsON. 927 Market sc.
KW. KING, ATTORNEY- A CHRON
• icle building: advice tree; lowfe^s: all cases
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
fit QA FINE BUSINESS BUGGY; JUST THE
tJpOv. thing for tea route. 19 Eighth st. ■.-'•.
TVTKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LADN-
i-N dry and milk wagon; also Una top buggy and
rockaway. H-H Harrison si.
HOTELS. .
T3BOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-213 BUSH BT_
i> board and room $1 to fa per day. (6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: salts
! rooms for family $1 10 SI 50 per night; first-class
service: tfee toacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
HOTEL FOR SALE.
VKW HOTKL OF 34 ROOMS FOX SALE IN
I Xi thriving town. See owner at 711 Folsom st.,.
i room 2.
AuiUCaVnil BoroTnroat, Pimples. Copper-Bl
■Bit A I EL* lUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old tiorefl.El
(■Ulcers In Mouth. Hair-Vailing! Write COOKB
QkEMEDT CO., 807 Masonic TempleJH
jSaChicniro, 111., for proofs of cure*. Cupl-CS
SBtal, 9200,000. Worst cases cored In 15ffl
|5§ io SS «!ay». 100-page booh; free. B8
/^~V JDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A ertßisM (i~*i HEARS T ST. Establlshod
E'jP^C lin 18S4forthetreatmentof Privnto
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
CJ2/> KKAEX T ST. Established
In ISC4 for the treatmentot Private)
Diseases, Lost Man hnod. Debility or
<li:<easo wearing on iiodyand mind and
I^VlfeS^lßea cm Disrases. Tbf>doctorcurcs\vhpn
*kSffisßHiwi othoisfuil. Try him. Charges low.
<'niN"»snsianlied. Cullorwrite.
air. J. V, ..i3JB«.\. Box 1957. San L'ranciscvi
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BT3—
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD dk CO.
European plan. Rooms 60c to 91 50 per day, $1
to *» per week. (8 to S3D per montn*. free tntttu:
hot and cold water every room: lir* gralai 14
•v«ry room: elevator ruiu ;i:lu.ja.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
/^S^S*W^2J3B WPSaiJ S- S.AUSTRALIA for
i^r^SrfjSlSß&3i)s! " v N " I' v L v onl >'.
i'm ■ Hsl at ***■■*' Tuesday, May 18, ac
Wv2 M^ 2 p - M - tpeclnl party
PH9iia&Jll4l rates. AUSTRALIA for
'jiISwSE 11 "' 1 ' 1 "' 1 ' 1 ' 1 ° n; ■
i s£ **■■■• Tuesday, May 18. at
;4 2 P. m. bpeclal party
esiS I ' N rates.
SirymSninJ rhes,a alameda
Cyltailljl!lL/ v/ sai |, via HONOLULU
Caps' . (Fm OIL. and AUCKLAND for
(Rs> \ \iilllj^UlMq sY D N V, Thursday,
May 27.2 F. M.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Anst>,and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. "■ —~.r'^..
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Acents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market. street, ban Fr*n Cisco.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOSGATOS & SASTA CRUZ
OTKAMEK ALVISO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILY
(Sundays ALVISO LEAVKS PIEK 1 DAILY
(.Sundays eicepted) at 10 a. v. Alviso da.iv
(Saturday exceptcd) at 7 *• M. Freight and
Passenger. Fare between Han Francisco and
Alvi.iO, 60o; to San Jose, 75a Clay v., Piari.
•M W. b«m»CJ*r»Bt.. «>aa JoMk
ocean travel:
FOR YUKON GOLD FIELDS
ALASKA.
THE NORTH AMERICAN TRANSPORTA-
tion and Trading Company's Al steamer
PORTLAND (CAPT. KIDSTON),
Will leave SAN FRANCISCO June 1 and Au-
gust 111 SEATTLE June 10 and August 10.
taking passengers for the above points.
For further particulars apply to company's
asent, 8 California s:rett, San Francisco.
Sea. tie office, 61? First avenue.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY >»-«.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: JBraESt
Foroorts in Alaska, May 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26,
31 and every firth day thereafter, at 9 a, jr.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wr.aicom (liellir.eham Bay, Wash.), 9a. it
; .May 1, 11, 16, 21, 26 and 31 every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
' N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For iCureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
! bold t Bay). Str. Pomona 'I p. m.. .May 4, 8, 12, 16,
! 20. 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Uaviota, "Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueueme, san Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at a a. *.
I ay 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every fourth
: day thereafter. . . . .;-: .- ,
For San Die^o, stopping only at Port HartoM
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Fort Loi An-
«-eles. Redondo (Los Aneeleg) and Newport. 11
■ a.m. May 4, 8, 1-, 16, 20, 24, 23 and every fourth
day thereafter. .
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, L»
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m.. June 2, and 2.1 of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
j out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket, oiUce— Palace Hotel, 4,
1 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
PORTLAKT I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m. '
Ft T?T?/® l 2 First-class ■» Including
.VIVJU\S« Secoii<l-cl:i«« /berth £ m«Vi
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
1 Columbia '............April 23, May 3, 13, 23
! State of California. ...April 28, May 8. 18, 28
- Through tickets and through baggage to a..
: Eastern points. Rates and tolder4 upon p-njiiu i-
! ttOB M
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
6^.0 Market street..
GOODALL, PERKJN9 A Co" Superintended i
COMPA6SIE GENERAL TRASSATLASTIiIOi
French Line to Havre. -
nOMPASY'SPIBR(NEW),42.VOKTH Art,
\J River, foot of Morton et. Travelers by •fr> J -«Sf
: this line avoid both transit by English rmllway an I
: the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egyp:, vi»P»rU
first class $160. second class $116.
i LA.TOURAINE May 8, 10 v m.
i LA BRETAGNE ...May 15. 10 *, M.
ILA CHAMPAGNE..... Ma " -- 10 a. M.
LA GASCOGNK.. May 29. 10 a. m.
I LA TOURAINR...... J n»t. 10* St.
MS"- For further particular!! apply to
A. FORGET. Agont,
Xo. S. Bowling Green, New Yort.
3. T. FUGAZI & CO., Agenu 6 Montgomery
■ avenue. San Francisco.
! «^rr, X HAMBURG- AMERICA! LHS
-■*im&o*k:sn*> TWIN-SCREW txi>nt:ii
Line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg. Paris <fc Hambtir;.
Columbia ..-*iay 13 i coiumbia.. ...June II
F. ' Bismarck .... May 27 | Aug. Victoria... Jane 17
, NormaiuiK. ... .Jane 3 |X J;ismnrck....*6ne 24
Ham American Lln<»,37 B'way. V.\.
: KAHN <£ HKKZOIi, Agents, 401 California «..
! San Francisco, Cal.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnjfton S^
At « V. M, Daily, freight received up
to -»:3i» I*. M.
«T Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■The only line selling through ticket* and glvin(
through freight rate* to all points on Valley
- Railroad. ; : ; SXKAMERS: . ? ." •
■v T. C. Walker, . 9. D. Peter«,
Mary Garratt, • City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 803. Cm. K»v. and ImpU O«
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD ASD YALLEJ&.
STKA3IJiIi "31 OXT1 CELLO,"> (:■'.
Hon., Tnes., Wed.. Thnrs. and 5at1......... ,
..9:4&a. M. and 3:16 p. St. (9 p. M. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5............ 1 p. m., 9 p.m.
Sundays I0:3U a. if. and ■•> i-. *.
' Landing and offlces, Mission Dock, i'iorA
Telephone Ureau 38 L
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BtTFTNESP OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
61 8 Larkin street : open until 9 :30 o'clock.
BW. coraer sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth streit; open until 9:M) o'clock.
1606 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second aad Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
CHUKCH NOTICES.
»^S* HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Kr-^ cor. Oak ana Baker sis. — Rev. F. R. Farrana,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.m. The
sacruuent of the Lord's supper will be adminis-
tered at the morning service and new members \
received. Evening subject: -A King Dethroned."
fiabbaih-school at 9:30 a. m. Y. P. a C. K. at
6:30 p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening.
All cordially invited.
B^g= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
sV^ cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks, co-pastor. The forty-eighth anniversary
of the Sunday-school will be observed at 11 A. M.
Address by Dr. Mackenzie. Regular monihly
praise service and sermon by Dr. Mackenzie at
7:45 p. m Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 P. M. Prayer-
m«eting Wednesday, at BT. v. All are we. come.
rr&> FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST.,
sV-** near Jones— M. P. Boyntou, pastor.
Services Sunday. May '-', 1897. Preaching by the
pastor at 11 a. it.: subject, "The Company at the
Table" (communion), and at 7:30 p. m., topic,
"The Poverty 01 Earthly Wealth." Y. P. 8. C. E.,
Senior, Intermediate ana Junior, 6:30 T. if
Prayer and conference meeting, Wednesday,
7:45 p. M. Christian culture "class, Friday. 8
p. m. Pastor's address, 431 Ellis su : telephone,
east 954. To all the above services everybody.
Is welcome.
ty~S' HOWARD-ST. METHODIST EPISCO-
m-& pal Church, bet. Second and Third si., two
blocks from Puiace Hotel. Rev. W. W. Case, D. D..
' pastor: Martin Bchnlts, musical director. Hours of
pub 1c services;- 11 a. m. ana 7:45 P. M. : Sunday-
school -it 12:30; prayer meeting Wednesday even-
ioz, 7:45; Kpworth League, 6:45 Sunday evening.
Morning sermon by Rev. Dr. McClisi; evening
sermon by Rev. Dr. Beard. Pastor's residence, 140
Hawthorne St., near the church. Church tele-
phone b acfc 96L
■ iKS=* SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
" IPS' Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
Ftp. — Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. M.
The pastor will preach at both services. At 11
a m.. communion address: a: 7:45 p. x., topic.
'•The Last and Gr*-»ie-it of the Beatitudes." Sun-
day-school at 12:30 p. M.. C. B. Perkins superin-
tendent. Ep worth League service at 6:30 p. M. I
The public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock.
arr-2S= CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
tt-JS' Church, Mission St., bet S'xth ami Sev-
enth—The pastor. Rev. K. R. Dille, will preach I
morning and evening. Communion at morning I
service. Kvening subject: "A Holiday or a Holy
Day — Which?" Sunday-school, with kindergarten
for 1 tt.e ones, at 1 p. m. ; K. V. Watt, superin-
tendent. Young People's meetings at 6:30 P. K.
Midweek prayer-meeting Wednesday evening.
The Anti-saloon League will hold a mass-in
at this church Friday evening, May 7. All invitid.
|fr^== TRINITY M. E. CHURCH, CORNER
Wr~&' Sixteenth and Market sts.— Rev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock, |
evening at 7:30. Key. William E. Blackstone, j
the tamous missionary evangelist, will preach
morning and evening. Sunday-school 12:30 p. m. :
John Dvar, sui enntendent- Seats free. Pastor's
residence. 5631 Sixteen!:, s .
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
KiJR* EXCKLPIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. •
»-C and A.! M.— special meeting THIS A
(SATURDAY) EVENING, May 1, at^O?
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. • .' N^ r N
tarmt THEU K. SMITH, Secretary.
IP'S* MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. & m
If^ A. M— Called meetln; THIS (SAi- A
t KUAYI EVENlNOat7:3oo'clock. Third V jT
degree. By order of the W. M. f^r\
C D. BUNKER, Secretary.
WCJS° THE IRISH NATIONALIST -s *
9r& and their friends are cordially Invited | A
to attend the twenty-eighth grand annum re-I^^A
union and picnic given under the auspices of 'w' ,
the Knights of the Red Branch In Shell Mound i
Park, Berkeley, on SUNDAY. May 2.
THE COMMITTEE.
ff^SF" ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR !
m^& annual meeting of stockholders of the :
Hutchlnson c ugar Plantation Company will be !
held at the office of th» company, 327 Market St., |
San i rancisco, Califoru a. on TUESDAY, the 11th
day of May, 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a.m.,
for tlie purpose of electing a board of dire, tors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of i
such other business as may come before the m?e:, I
ing. Transfer books will close Friday, April 30-
-at 3 O'clocK p. M. E. H. SHELDI-N.j-ecretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B^=ff> BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED '
n^-S? 244 to 3il^i Sutter. Trunks delievred, 26c. j
»^SK» THKY SELL ALL KINDS OF DRY i
«S-*^ (roods, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads, tow- i
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings, trim-
mings vei Ings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry-
goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
O^S- THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
If^* 7 Asylum and Home Socle hereby give '■
notice that they have admitted into the orphanage 1
from January 1, 1897, to date, th» following half-
orphan girls and boys, viz. : David Joseph, aged j
10 years 10 months; Robert Joseph, aged 8 years
5 months: Milton Juresch, aged 3 years: Dottle j
Mayer, aged 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3
years: William Silverman, aged 13 years: David i
Silverman, aged 11 years; Joseph Silverman, aged
8 years; Albert Silverman, aged 4 years 6 months: j
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; Ralph Dentch,
a.ed 8 years.
H^s=- C. L. TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
W-& to redeem trunk at 1654 Market st.
ES" BAD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR *4:
■~-^ collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St., room 6: tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WANTEU-FEMALE.
WANTED— BY EXPERIENCED INFANT'S
» * nurse, situation to care for chflrlen; will do
children's laundry; wages from $15 to $20;
year's reference from last place. Address 8., box
104, Call Office.
REL ABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION:
I good cook: light bousewo.k; plain washing;
kind to children; moderate wages; city or short
distance in country. 27% Fourth st., over florist.
ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
V 7 to <Jo plain cooking in hotel or restaurant;
city or country. Apply E. G. , box 75. Call Office.
yOUNO FRENCH WIDOW, AMIABLE AND
X accomplished, wants post ion as housekeeper;
bachelor or widower's home; city or oountry.
Room 2, 120% Geary st.
KJKFiNKD GIRJ. NEAT SEAMsTRESS.'DE-
XV »ires light service In exchange for good home
In suburbs or country for one or two months. Ad-
dress 31., box 10, Call Office, Oakland.
"L'RENv-H MAID, COMPETENT DRESS*! AX-
J ■ r, wishes position; best of references. Address
A. 8., box 30, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER, FIRST - CLASS FITTER,
stylish draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker; by the day. 104 Grove st.
W ANTED — SITUATION AS CHAMBER-
»T maid, waitress or housekeeper: good refer-
ence. Call iKiOy a Mission st-, room 2.
GOOD COOK AND PLAIN WASHING AND
ironing. 924 Washington st.
yOCNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper, or will do plain sewing. B^l Mis-
sion St., room 5.
OMPETENT SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD
V like washing and ironing and housecleaning by
the day; is a"first-class laundress 1220 Vallejo.
AMERICAN LADY OF 28 WISHES POSI-
Jt\. tion as .working housekeeper in widower's
home, care of children; refined home more than
waiea. H., box 20, Call.
yOI'NO LADY WANTS POSITION FOR
X second work': beat of references; wages $'20
716o'*arrellst.
WOMAN WANTS WASHING BY THE DAY
'» for Monday and Wednesday every other week;
$.1 and carfare; no postals. 717 Tehama st.
pESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES WASH-
XL ing »nd ironing by the day: wages $1 50 and
carfare. Apply for two days at 267 Clementina
St., mar >curtb.
WOMAN J XPERIENCKD WITH LAUNDRY
»» and housecleanlog wants work by the day;
references given. .Ji&Vj Stockton st.
ESKEi TABLE WOMAN WISHES SITU-
-1 atlon as cook or general housekeeper: best of
reference. Call 1912 Steiner st.
VKAT, .INDUSTRIOUS AND OBLIGING
■*•' young lady desire? position as stenographer
ami typewriter, or will assist with accounts; best
of references from practical experience.; salary
$6 per week. Address L. A., box 23. < all <:?;'.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS Wui.ii BY 14 i 
'O day: washing, ironing, housecleanlng, etc. Ad-
dress 418 Day si., nearNoe. . . . ■ ,
"yOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE GERMAN GIRL
X desires to.secnro a housekeeper's position in
hotel; widower's or bachelor* home  preferred.
223 Post su, room 11, second. flour. , ■■
WANTED — POSITION AS GOVKHNKBB
TV during the summer months by a Stanfoid stu-
dent. Address M. 11., Stanford University.
BY WOMAN, TO COOK IN A .MINING CAMP
or sawmill or on a ranch. 126 Fourth, room 6.
O-\ C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UJ-w call, Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTKn-fonffnnM.
i yOUKO EASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERI-
i X ence and refinement wantshousekeeper's place
I in bachelor or widower's home. Room 2. 2^3 1 osu
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MIS
sion; branch office of TH» Cali. bub-
ecriptions and want ads taken.
A CLOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
J\. lady (French) wants a housekeeper's place;
would like place as companion. Room 3, 223 Post.
ANTED-BY A YOUNG PARISIAN LADY
(stranger) a housekeeper's position in a gen-
tlemau'shome. 122 Post St., rooms 10 and 11. .
■you NO LADY FROM THK COUNTRY
X would like a situation as housekeeper fora gen-
tleman. Call 223 Post St., room 17, third floor.
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper la bachelor's or widower's home.
Room 1, 106 Fourth
1 POSITION OF TRUST IN PRIVATE COUN-
. try family is desired by a refined domesticated
young woman; fond of children ;ml willing to be
generally useiul. Address C, box 34, Call Office.
i) YOUNG LADIES WOULD LIKE POSITIONS
-- as attendants of bachelor or widower. Apply
L. M., box 94, Call.
"POSITION* DESIRED AS COMPANION AND
X nurse with invalid or aged lady: medical refer ■
ences. 1530 Eddy st- ; call afternoons.
ESPONSIBLE. MIDDLE-AGED MARRIKD
RESPONSIBLE MIDDLE-AGED MARRIKD
couple will take the best care of home during
absence of family; best city references. N. R.,
box 123, Call Office.
pOSITION BY YOUNG LADY AS CASHIER
X or assistant in doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery : best of references. Address S. F.,
box 131, Call Office
pOMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED YOUNG
\J lady d> sires position as typewriter or compan-
ion. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Suiter m.
BY ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's family or for bachelor; best
references: city or country. M. A., 1553 Fifth
st., Oakland. ■ \'. .lv
EXPERIENCE D LADY'S NURSE WISHES
JCi engagement; first-class doctor's references. 117
Tenth st.
TIT ANTED— A LADY WITHOUT INCUM-
TT brance will take care of a small house tor the
summer; references- Address J., box 30, CalL
"yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION
Kin fan) ' • «o do second work. Address 1517
Sacramen.., St.
"YOUNG LADY PREPOSSESSING AND RE-
X fined wants a place in bachelor's or widower's
home MS housekeeper; no objection to country.
207 Post St., room 1.
Y-OUNO LADY WI-HES POSITION AS
. housekeeper. Call 120 a Eddy st, room 7.
"POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER OK STEW-
XT ardess on deep-water vessel. Room 12, 109
Grant aye.
WIDOW FROM COUNTRY WISHES A POSN
II tion as housekeeper for widower or bachelor;
j will do mending. Call after 12, 120 .Ellis St., room
j 17, second floor.
■yoTJNO GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE
X for upstairs work or children. Apply 24
Eleventh sU
-y~OUNG LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCED
. X circumstances would like paying housekeeper's
I place: hotel, bachelor's or widower's home pre-
? ferred. i 122 Market St., room 31.
yOD.NG EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERIENCED
] X as housekeeper, desires a place in hotel, bach-
elor's or widower's home; no oojection to coun-
try. 223 Post su, room 1. :
W OMAN WANTS WASHING BY THE DAY;
» 1 $1 and carfare. Call 717 Tehama St., nr. Bth.
yOUNG, ATTRACTIVE WIDOW WOULD
X like a situation as housekeeper: city or coun-
try. A poly 138 Fourth st., room 4.
I yOU.NO LADY DESIRES A POSITION AS
! X nurse to an Invalid, helpless person or an in-
fant. Address 2805 Sixteenth su, cor. Folsom.
■pKSPECTABLE GERMAN MIDDLE-AGED
XV man and wife wish positions in. boarding-
bouse: wile good cock; man todochoies. Apply
this office or 130 Second st.
£»"1 r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Oil) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
I /CHINESE & JA PAN FSE; EST'D 20 YEARS:
j Uhelp; tel. main 1997. BRADLEY & Co. .640 Clay
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 014 Califor-
I nia st.. near Kearny. 'lei. main 23L
HINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
Chinese and Japanese employment
office: best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
SAM KKE— CHINESE AND J A PENESE EM-
ployment office. • 511 Bush St., ur. Grant aye.
TAPANESK, CHIN KSE EMPLOY MT OFFICE:
O waiters, liousecleaners. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66
JAPANESE MAN AND WIFE WANT SITU-
! tl ation; husband good cook; wife good maid; city
: only. 1307 Lar»lnsU
j VI AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
! IYI pie, private place: man understands care of
! cattle, horses and grounds, general work: wife
I competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54, Call Office, '
MAN AND WIFE WANT POSITIONS IN
country for summer; wife good cook and
bouse eept-r; husband good hand with stock and
I baudy person about place; good reference. Ad-
| drts» J. H. SCOTT, 657 i olaom st.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, Wilt) UNDERSTANDS
general farming, gardening, orchard-work and
' raising of poultry, wants situation on country place
1 or ranch. Address A. BERGER, Blenheim P. 0.,
, San Mateo 1 0., Cal.
"\ r OUNG MAN WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER-
X stands general merchandise and bookkeeping
wishes position in country: very best references.
Y. H., bux 28. Call.
BAKKR (GERMAN) GOOD ON VIENNA
bread and rolls mid cake, lately from the East,
wants sic.d/ pla c. aKlNSiitt, 39 Market st.
SOBER, STEADY YOUNG Man WANTS PO-
tion whf re he can learn tlnsmithin;; and gen-
eral jobwork; best reference, S. R., box 30, Call.
THIRST-CLASS TINNKR WISHES POSITION;
X? city or country. Address C. T., box ->7. Call.
GOOD, EXPERIENCED COOK WANT* Posi-
tion restaurant or chophouse: city reference.
Apply 10051,4 Natoma st.
yoUXG MAN WI-HES POSITION AS WAIT-
X er in restaurant: sober a:.d faithful. Address
MR. ELLIS, i6tJ4 Nineteenth aye., East Oakland.
: p GOD GARDENER, UNDERSTANDS HAND-
' J ling horses, good driver, good mllser, desires
situation private residence; 7 years' .references.
F. Q , box 97, Call.
yolJKil MAN, 24, WISHES A POSITION OF
X some kind; wi.: work for small wages if neces-
sary: best of city references. Address Y. W., box
79, Call office.
BARBERS— MAN, 25 YEaRS, GOOD
barber, wishes steady job, city or country;
country preferred. Address H. 11., 1528 Park St.,
Alameda.
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE SITUATION ON
ranch, wife as cook and man^eneral farm-
hand. Address J. Q. P., 138 Eigh.h st.
Swedish man wants position near
this city: is handy man around house; can
milk and care for horses Apply 7jl Mission st.
TpXPERIENCED HOTEL CLERK. YOUNG
Jlj man, wants position: highest California refer-
ences; first-clais house only. A. G., box 65, Call.
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION AS WAIT-
u er and housework and washing; has best refer-
ences. S. KasUYa, 931 Sacramento st., city.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES
posit ion, to work: will do general housework.
Address K. V., 768 Castro St., Oakland.
GERMAN AND WIPE DESIRE A PLACE
VJT on a ranch; man understands vineyard and
orchard work and wife good cook. C. H., 812
Kearny SU
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
Eastern cutter: 15 years' experience: only
those wanting first-class man need answer. C,
box 9, Call.
yOUNO MAN WISHKS SITUATION IN COM-
X mercial bouse; wages no object. Address
908 i/i Howard st.
('IK LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JX*J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
BY A GKRMAN, GENERALLY USEFUL;
understands gardening, care or horses, driv-
ing, milking; city references: moderate wages.
P. M.. 674 Sixteenth si.. East Oakland. -•■
■yOUNG GERMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X Janitor. Address 260y 2 Natoma st.
STRONG, RESPECTABLE BOY WISHES TO
work on a ranch; small wages. 1206 Polk st.
TNDUHTRIOUS YOUNG MAN WISH ; 8 SIT-
X nation as driver; a. so hand/ at machinery Or
b.acksmitninar. Address L.0., 239 Twenty-seventh.
VTURSE OR VALET TO INVALID GENTLE-
xi man; gives massage; highest reference. Ad
dress Nurse, box sl, Call Office.
£•1 c LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
UXU CALL. subscriptions and want ads taken.
ÜBSCRIPTIONB ANii.W ANT ADB FOR THB
Calx, taken at brancn cilice, ZitV Uaye* su;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
"VTOT TO WORK. BUT TO MANAGE, SUPER-
Xi intend or prepare for sale landed properties,
an elderly single gentleman of broad experience Is
open for employ mem. Address b x 42, Clover-
dale. Cal.
JAPANESE (VERY YOUNG BOY) WANTS
<l situation as schoolboy; : wages no object. Ad-
dress X. a., box 16. this office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 189 T.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Conttnnoii.
T ANDSCAPE-GARDENER AND FLORIST:
XJ 20 years' experience: good references; wishes
position. Address L. tiUBKKT, Santa Clara.
Xl C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UJu CALL: fUbocriiHions an 1 want, ad< taken.
(COMPETENT HOUSE-PAINTER, WITH
\J tools, wants work for private parties, by the
day or piece work: will, work cheap. Address
Paint, box 79. this office.
T>RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
X> bU — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'" »» Market; 200 rooms 25c to 81 60 per night:
»1 60 to fti per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and ba'-s-aei* 10 sni from tbf l^rry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
GERMAN CHAMBERMAID AND SEAM-
U" stress. $25; housework, B rke^ey, $26; 10
housework girls, city and country, $^0 and $25; 8
youn X ems. assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter su
■\TEAT GIRL, SECOND WORK, $15. MISS
-LI CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS AND ASSIST KITCHEN, CALA-
IT veras County, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD AS WORKING
" housekeeper, $12. .MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st.
pHAMBKRMAID AND WAITRESS, VAL-
\J leju, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
COLORED NURSE, $12: CHILD 4. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OECONDGIRL AND WASH, $24. MISS CUL-
O LEN. 323 >utterat-
PASTRY COOK, $40. MISS CULLEN, 823
Jl Sutter st.
GIRL FOR MINING TOWN: PLAIN WASH,
$16; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, S3 Sutter.
INFANT'S NURSE, $20: COOK, BOARDING-
X house, $30. MISS CLLLEN, 323 Sutler.
OMAN WITH A CHILD, $20; BEE PARTY
»T here. MISS CULL EN, 323 Sutler.
TVTEAT YOUNG GIRL; 2 IN FAMILY; HOUSE-
Ii work, $16. MISS CULLEN, 3-'« Sutter.
2 EXTRA WAITRESSES, FOR LUNCH SUN.
£i day, $1 50; 2 waitresses, same hotel, city, $20;
3 extra waitresses for to-day, call early, SI: 2
Scandinavian girls, housework, city, $2.">: 8 jrlrls,
housework, $20; 4 German girls, housework, $26;
cook for private family, country, $25; 10 girls,
housework, city. $15 and $20: housekeeper, city,
$10: German housekeeper, $10. C. R. HaNSEN
<tCO., 110 Geary st.
n EXTRA WAITRESSES FOR TO-DAY, CALL
0 early, $1: head waitress, city hotel, $22 50;
waitress, country hotel, $20: 2 extra waitresses
for lunch, .Sunday, $1 50. U. R. HaNSEN <t CO,,
110 Geary st. ■•
SWEDISH GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, $20;
girl (or country, see party here, $15: 2 cooks,
priva.e family, $26. C. R. HANSE.n <& CO., 110
Geary s:.
riRST-CI.A-S COOK IN PRIVATE FAMILY;
r see party here; $36. C. R. HaNSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
piIAMHERMAID, RESORT. $2U. C. R. HaS-
\J SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
MOTHEH AND DAUGHTER OR 2 FRIENDS
IVL as cook and assistant: small restaurant, near
city; $35 and found for both. MURRAY <fc
READ V, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTE.B. «20
' T each; 2 waitresses, same place, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
HEAD WAITRESS, CITY: WAITRESS, RE-
sort hotel, $20 and room, call early: waitress,
country, $20 and room; 2 waitresses, same ho. el,
$15 and room each, e»sy place; chambermaid and
wait some, $15androum: chambermaid and wait
some, $20 and room; '2 waitresses, same restau-
rant, $5 a week; 3 waitresses, same restaurant, $6
a week; waitress who can play piano, re-tort hotel,
2 waitresses, $4 a week; waitress, Amador Coun-
ty, mining town; waitress for Truckee: waitress,
Oakland, $20; waitresses, 75 cents a day; 3 wait-
resses,, city, $20 and room; 2 your,: girls as
waitresses, $12 and room. MARTIN <& CO., 749
Market st.
5 Waitresses, ?1 a day, call early;
chambermaid and wait some, $20 and room,
city; girl for small restaurant, $20; lunch and
dinner waitress: 5 waitresses, $15; 6 waitresses,
$5 a week, sj c party in otr.ee: ironers for lauudrv;
brad waitress, city: 2 waitresses, same hotel, $15
and room: man and wife as cook and waitress,
$:..">. room, etc ; waitress who can play piano:
waitress, $4 a week: mother and daughter, small
restaurant: 3 011:11: clris,: small places, $12 and
room. MARTIN & CO., 743 Market.
COOK; SMALL Pi ACt; $30 AND ROOM:
s«e party 12 to 2 r it MARTIN <fc CO., 749
Market st. . ; 'i ■ ■ "f:
OLORKD GIRL, MARKET ST., $15. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market «i. ■■
GIRL, STANISLAUS COUNTY; SEE PARTY
here: $30. MARTIN & CO.. 719 Market st
SECOND GIRL. JACKSON ST., $*tt MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
GIRL, ALAMEDA, CAL., $25. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market BU
GIRL, OAKLAND, $20. MARTIN CO., 749
.Market st. : ... V
COOK, GERMAN STYLE, $30 AND ROOM;
see party here. MARTIN «fc CO., 749 M, rket.
TIT ANTED — PASTRY COOK FOR NICE
it boarding-house, $35: French lady's maid. (30;
second girl and nurse, $25; French cook, private
family, $35: starch-ironer, $2->: Protestant g.n tor
housework, short distance, $-5; waitress tor res-
taurant, $20; German nurse, $25: 2 French second
girls and nurse, $'^0 and 525, and a large number
of Scandinavian and German girl.i for housework
at $15 to $25. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT <fc CO.,
316 Suiter st.
IRLS WANTED TO FILL AND PAKTK
GIRLS WANTED TO FILL AND PASTE
bags In a seedstore: wages $3 60 per week.
Address G., box 21, Call Office.
yOL'NQ GERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL
X housework in Alameda; wages $15; apply this
afternoon. 709 Mason St., near Bush.
WANTED-GIRI. FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
a few hours weekly in exchange for boarding;
North Beach residence.- Gentleman, box 34, Call.
OPERATOR-* ON GENTS' WHITE SHIRTa
621 Valencia st.
yOUNG UIRLFORSKCOND WORK; WAGES
X «15. Call 2597 Howard st., from 9to 11.
OOD TAILORESSES AND BUTTONKOLE-
r makers; come early. 1306 Market at-
GIRL, McAllister ST., $20. MARTIN &
VT CO., 749 Market st.
\V' ANT FRENCH COOK; GENERAL HOUSE-
"' work; no washing; 3ln>amlly. Apply 611
Hyde st., between 9 and 10 a. m.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF IKS
Call: want aJs and subscriptions taken.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, $20.
VJT 417 Powell st.
yOUSB GEIMAN GIRL AS COMPANION
X and to assist. 417 Po'vell st.
ft ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, 1
VI grown-up child, $20 to $26. 417 Powell st.
A PPRENTICES AND TRIMMERS IN MILLI-
A nery store at 692 McAllister st.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
Call: want ads and subscriptions tuKen. . ,-
ANTED— 2 SMALL, SINGLE FURNISHED
rooms for young man and mother. Address
K. L. D., BCB Mission st.
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
coats. 411Vs Kearny St., room 2.
pIRL, ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK: 2
T in family; $10; but. 9 and 11. 1918 a Golden
Gate aye. ■ . . .
£1 ,-: LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
yji-O Call: subscriptions and. want ads. taken.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPKCTaBLB;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $3
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ft! r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\)ItJ CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— BUTTER-MAKER AND INDOOR
salesman tor a dairy depot in the city, must
have kooj references, $30 and found; farmhands
for vineyard, $20 and found; 2 farmhands, to-
noma county, Si 6 and found: milker, Sonoma
County, $20 to $25 and found; .- young German
for saloon In the country, must have some knowl-
edge of cooking, $25 and found: horseahoer for
country shop, $12 a week: blacksmith's helper,
must be a fair driver. $2 a day: bu ter-maker,
$3 Ji Eastern farmer, $15; also haymakers, team-
sters, cooks, : waiters, dishwashers, etc W. D.
iS WER <t CO., 626 Clay st. .'■.. 1: ' .
4 MEN FOR HAYFIELD,S2O,FARESI; FARM
■tt hand, Monter-y, $15: blacksmith and shoer, $2
a day and board; waiter, boarding-house, $25. R.
T. WARD <fc CO., 6uBand 610 Clay sU ■ ; . .;,
COOK. O.*UNT.:Y HOTEL, $35: DISHWASH-
er, $15> vineyard-hand. $20; farmhands, $15;
farmer and wife, ou snares; hotel porter, $16;
choreman, $15: solicitor, R. T. WARD & CO.,
608 and 610 Clay street.
BOY TO WAIT AT TABLE. »20; COUNTRY.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter su "
ASTRY COOK, $40. MISS OULLEiV, 323
X Suiter st- '
AITI.R. $20, COUNTRY. MISS CULLiSN
333 Sutler sU ;
■ ■'. " ■:?' '■'!'
HELP WANTED— Continued.
CA 2-HORSE TEAM TERS FOR A LARGE
O\J company, $20 and founu. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
GROCERY CLEI'.K. COUNTRY STORE; SEE
boss here Sunday, 11 a. m., May 2. MUR-
KAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
] n MILKERS, $30, $25, $22 50 AND $20 PER
XV month and found; city and country jobs;
cheepemaker; butter-maker. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A A FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
tv bands, $25, $20 and $15 per month and
forma; man to r.ise chickens. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
IfOiIEMAN FOB A VINEYARD, $35 AND
X found, santa Clara county. MURRAY A
HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
OA DRILLERS PuR A QUARRY; 5 CURB-
«" cutters. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Clay
MACHINISTS FOR A COUNTRY AGltlCUL-
iu tural shop, $2 76 day; blacksmiths, $45 and
found; cooper, lime-barrels; blacksmith to rent a
shop on shar.-s. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 63« Clay st. ; tele-
phone 6848 main.
COOK AND WIFE, NR. CITY, $35, FOUND;
V 3 hotel cooks, $30. $40 and $60: 3 waiters. $25
and $30; barber, country shop; 3 dishwashers-
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
on laborers AND TEAMSTERS, CITY
—V work; 30 woodchoppers, $110 cord. MIR-
RA\ A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
VARMER AND WIFE. ALAMEDA COUNTY,
X see boss here: 6choreboys for ranches. $10:
American choreman and care of invalid, $16 and
found. MURRAY <fc READY, 6C4 and 636 Clay.
3 MEN TO PULL MUSTARD AND RADISH
out of barley, $15 and found. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SECOND COOK, HOTEL. NORTH, $60 AND
i fare advanced; French or Swiss second cook,
hotel, $60; cook, small restaurant, $30; an try-
man, restaurant, $30: cook and wife, $35: 2 por-
ter boys, restaurant, $1.% and $20; colored boot-
black, country: 6 dishwashers, $15, $20 and »25.
C. R. HAN SEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
A FARMERS, DIFFERENT RANCHES, $20:
" farmer, Glean Count v. $20; farmer for an or-
chard, Tulare Count,-, $20; 3 Scandinavian or
German farmers, $16 to $20; 6 laborers for a
quarry, $1 76 a day. C. R. HANSBN &CO., 110
Geary st.
9 YOUNG MEN TO HKLP ON MILK WAGON ;
— no experience necessary; $'J0 and found; see
party here. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
] AUNDRYMAN AND WIFE, COUNTRY,
Jj $50; ironer on Tyler machine, country, $35.
G R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Oeaiy St.
HOKSKSHOER, COUNTRY SHOP; $12 A
week and increase. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
COOK, $30 AND ROOM. CITY; COOK. $35
anil room, country: dishwasher, $20: waiter,
$18 and room; cook's helper, $15 and room; bell-
boy, $10 and room; man and wile, cook and
waitress: young man to learn hotel clerking, etc.,
small salary; boy to wash dishes; dishwasher,
$15 and room; young man, small restaurant, light
work, $18, board, etc.; waiter and act as head, $7
a week. Ma KTIN & CO., 749 Market st
MAN FOR FRUIT RANCH, $12, ETC.: MAN
for private nlare, $16, etc.; vegetable gar-
dener; young man for chicken ranch; milker,
small dairy; ranch hands, $16, etc. l MARTINA
CO., 749 Market st
OUNG MAN TO TRAVEL. $12 A WEEK
X and expenses: see party, 9tolo a. m. MAR-
TIN A CO., 749 Market st.
pARRIAGE BLACKSMITH: SOME WOOD-
\J work. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
COLORED WAITER, $25 AND ROOM. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
WANTED — WOOD-TURNER AND MA-
TT chine man for country. 30 to 35 cents hour;
beeman, $26 and found: blacksmith helper, $40;
farmer: carrlage-DalntPr; woodcuoppers; 10 la-
borers, $1 76 day: blacksmtt i helper, $40: chore-
man: creamery butter-maker, $35, no milking:
blacksmith for country. Apply to J. F.CROSETT
A CO., 628 Saciamunto at.
ANTED— FRKNCH BUTLER; WAITER,
»» private boarding-bouse, $20; bellboy; ele-
vator-boy and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A
CO., d-.S Sacramento st. - ,--'
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS FRENCH BUT-
ler for private family in city ; good wages.
Apply to J. F. C ROSE 'IT A CO., 316 utter st.
SECOND COOK. $36. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st. - ; . •;
TRONO BOY NOT UNDER 17 TO LEARN
0 candy-making; call at once. SCHAEFER'S,
22 Sixth st
WANTED— BY SPANISH LADY, 2OR MORE
* • gentlemen to rent sunny rooms at 76c a week
up. 217 Second st
W ANTED-BARBKR. 227y a SECOND ST.
ARBKR WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
BAKBF.R WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 324 Grant are. HfJBS
BARBER FOR SATURDAY; GOOD WAGES.
X> 127 Fourth ■:.
B ARBKR— GOOD WORKMAN WANTED. 120
Geary st.
WANTED — FIRST-CLASS BARBERS. 207
»» Fourth st
\y"ANTKD-A FIRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH.
»> Apply 17 I ruiuin st
r A NTED— GOOD ST AD V GERMAN
" waiter lor coffee-house. 26 sixth st.
WA.N TED— DECORATOR; UNDERSTANDS
»* water co.or*. 712 Folsom st.
WANTED — FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER;
" steady work. Room 128, Phelan building.
1 OYS FROM 15 TO 17 YEARS OF AUK. AP-
J> ply at, 200 Sinter su
BOY TO PRESS SEAMS ON VKBTS. 41
Stevenson st., top floor.
IMKST-CL A WB CANDY-MAKER. CALL AT
X once at SCHAEFER'H, 22 sixth st.
QOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Out/ Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
ANTKD- BOOTBLACK. BARBER-SHOP.
419 Fourth St., corner Perry.
WANTED— GOOD TAILOR; BUSHELING.
625 Commercial st
VJI/' ANTED-MAN WITH $150; CAN MAKE
»T $25 week; safe investment. 1118 Market
St., room 'i.
TWO MEN WITH $SEXPKNSEMONEYCAN
X secure permanent positions In country town.
Apply at 9 Geary St., room 2.
OR. SALE-A 3-CHAIR HOTEL BARBER-
shop. Address JOHN PRECHEL, Santa Bar-
oar*, Cal.
OAT, VEST AND PANTS MAKERS WANT-
ed. Apply at 11 A . M. at Stevenson-st. en-
trance to RLEs LYONS', London Tailor, 721
Market st
2 STEADY FIIt.ST-CLASS COATMaKERS
for Seattle, Wash. 107 Sutter st
OfLOi' MISSION — Sf JJSCiIIPTIOX.I AND
— ,U-jU want ads taken for TUB CALL.
I>ARBRRS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
XI P. a Barbers' Assn. S. FVICH.S, 326 Grant aye.
JOU RN KY M BARhKKS' KM PLO V Mai.* t
0 secretary .H. UKKNARD. 102 M»venlh st
FIRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIKS 1 CLOTH
X coats and suits; apply immediately. H.
LIEBES * CO., 133-135 Pos. St.
STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN TAKING
orders In store and collect; experience not nec-
essary; must have $160 cash and. be satisfied with
$18 per week to start. 777 Market st., room 7.
IA7 NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
11) I '1 Hit call; ; subscription and want ads.
taken.
OAKLAND 15c BARBER-SHOP: CENTRAL
location; .sickness cause of selling. M. X.,
box 11, Call Office, Oakland. ,■;
IjMRST-CLASS LADIES' TAILOR WANTED.
X! BOW HAY, 604 Sutterst.
OC O/« MISSION BRANCH OFFICK OF
Z.%jLt\j THJt call; subscriptions ana wane ada
taken.
THIRST-CLASS BARBKRS FURNISHED BY
J? International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth st, the Modern. I. LESS, Secretary. •.
INNE.H. WAITKR AND DISHWASHER.
116 Turk st., rear, call after M a. m.
QQQHAVKS BT.— BRANCH OFFIOJS OF
iJDViu.it call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. -v. . ./ •
ADIKB' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
XJ fine shoes made $2 up. 562 Mission st.
900.0. PAIR. ANOTHER lot MEN'S HHOES,
jL\f\.l\J been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 76c up to $2 50. 663
Mission st., bet. Fiist and second.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH »T., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of luk Call, (subscriptions and
want ads taken. . -
T7ILCHO UOUMC, 863^ MARKET ST.— ituUAU
XU 20c. 26c to 600 night: $1 to $2 weec
C 97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICB
•>— a . tiiUKUu; want ads «ud subscriptions
taken. ;f>'U': ■■ ■ ■■, ;;.■ :
HE ROBEDALE. 321 CHEAPEST
and best lodging-house north of Market st
INGLtt ROOMS 100 AND 160 NIGHT, 600
and 76c week. LlndeU House. Sixth and Ho wad.
OOMS, 150T0750 PER NIGHT: 600 TO sl6o
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st. <
HELP WANTED— Contfnnwit. \
WANTED-LABORERS AND ' MECHANICS
* * to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 15U
large rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $3 j*r week.
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade: shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138% Eighth,
EblllU.; W ANT 6 100 M...N" iv i.XI BOT-
. tie beer or wins 6c: bi-s^ tre>* lunch. 643 Clay
J£ST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leitiesriorff sts.
1 OH MEN TO TASK LUDGINU AX 100, 150
IW and 20c a night, including coileit ana roils.
1!24 Washington St.. near Kearny.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch Office, soum-
west corner (sixteenth aad Mission sts,
.W A«TED-BIK(tU ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
*" week; rooms lor 2, 250 a day. $1 si> • woejc;
reading-room: daily papers. SB Clay st.
lii ANTED.TOCOLLECTWA'.IEsDUE LABOR-
TT ersAclerks K.NUX Collection A»cv, 110 Sutler.
rpKY ACME HOUSK. 80/ MARKET a!., BK-
X low Sixth, lor a room; -6t* night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Mancet: 200 rooms. 250 a night: reading-
room: free btn and ba-»easr«> to and from the terry.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENTs- A BOOK WRIT I BY GEN-
XV eral Miles, commander-ln-chief of the United
States army; full of interesting Indian experi-
ences by the great Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions over $40 the first 2 days. F. PER-
SON, Mgr. Subscription Depaitment, The Whlta-
ker A Ray Company, 723 Market st.
AGENTS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
map; best: latest: you can coin money. F
PERSON, M-r. Subscription Dept., The Whitaker
A Ray Co., 723 Market st.
T ADIES TO HAN DLX THE FAMOUS BEAU-
LADIES Egyptian Enamel, FAMOUS BEAU-
tifiers, he p.ian Enamel, Medicated Cerate.
BTJTLKK, 131 Post st
FCIBNITUBE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1398, you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE,
etc. STREET <ft CRESWELL. Auctloneers.72l
Howard streeet Houses bought in their entirety.
"Ti URN ITU RE, STOVES CARPKTB, COUN-
X I ters. showcases /. >DERSt»N, 1121 Market
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— 5 OR 6 ROOM HOUSE, BATH;
respectable locality city or suburbs; $14 to
$18. Addre.s JOSEPH JUSTIN. 418 Sutler *t
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— SAN RAFAEL OR HAYWARDB;
gentleman wants room and board . with pri-
vate famiiy or on ranch; must be convenient to
train. Address B. M., box 18, Call Office.
/COMPETENT JEACHER OF THE VIOLIN;
\J would Mice to give lessons in exchange for
room rent. Address T. V., box 95, Call Office.
BOARDING WANTED.
WOMAN EMPLOYED DURING THE DAY
wants room and board private, central and
reasonable. Address G. B. 8., box 63 Call I ffice.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOCS.
U, r ANTE D— SECOND-HAND SHELVING
»' and sliding doors; also showcases, candy jars
and icecream freezers. Address P. •>., box 207,
Cloverdale. Cal. -».
SELL YOUR BOOKS, NOVELS AND CLOTH-
Ing to A. KI.EIK, 109 Sixth st; send postal.
WANTED— GOD BICYCLE FOR LOT
(clear). 8., box 82, Call.
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. wT
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Ellis st.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BABHF4
X> doors, mantels, etc.. for snle lid? Mission v..
EDUCATIONAL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
xv Mathematics: pupils prepared la day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils couched, P.., 402 Parrot; bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1216 Octavla st., . v an Francisco,
MIES KLIZA MACKINTOSH, pnpll of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. v., Saturday a. m.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGH; 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practloe. shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 16,000 eradi-
ates; day and evening sessions: catalogue.
YRES' BUSINESS COLLEGE, 326 MONT-
gomery St.; individual Instruction In short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life
scholarship $50: iow rates per week and month.
Telephone black 2796. -yife
T)ELASCO'B LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
BELASCO'B LYCEUM BCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
T?NGINEKRINU SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
I J-j civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
tauEht: e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
SINGING, VOICK CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
uate; French, Ger. lang.; $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
pOOKKPNG, WKITNO. AKl'l HM'IC. GRAMR,
l>dav Anight: no classes; $5 month. B*s Mission.
BANJO TAUGHT To BEGINNERS, 26 CENTS
XJ per lesson. Address A., box 76, Call Office.
p UITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAi.
VT lessons. $H mo. Mary Westhans. 39 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, iist* Unyes su;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
BICYCLES.
BARGAINS IN A FEW SECOND-HAND
bicycles in good condition: ladies, gents and
children. Bicycle dept. While Sewing Machino
Co., cor. Ellis and Mason sts.
pOLUMBIA LADY'S BICYCLE TO EX-
-1.7 cbangu for furniture or household goods. t>66
Mission st
mANDEMS, "96" PATTERS, GOOD A 8 NEW.
J. $70 and upward: bargains In second-hand
wheels. Golden Ru:e Bazaar cycle department,
25 Geary st. ...
FOR RALE-JIISCELLANKOUS.
FOR SALE-CHEAP: NOTION AND VARI-
-1 ety store: rent $12. . 1901 Hyde st.
pLUSTKR DIAMOND MARQUISE RING FOR
V $86, cost $150. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. .
pAS-ENGINE; WONDERFULLY POWER-
\J ful; 3-h. p. Hercules; consuming very little
gas; can be seen running at 14 Halleck st J.
GABRIEL.
2 FRESH COWS: RICH MILK: 4 AND 5 GAL
— lons a day each ; gentle. 1312 FoUom st
WALLPAPER, 4C: INGRAINS, 9C: PAPER-
IT hanging, painting. ME RIG AN, 1302 Webster.
1 7-HORBE-POWKR ENGINE, 1 4-HORSr..
X power engine, with i oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapers. 616 Sixth st. . '.
<PQO AEROMOTOR WINDMILL AND 2000-
-«Jpi7U. trillion tank In good condition, together
with galvanized piping for sale. . Apply of the
owner, 3824 Nineteenth st. • '
PIPE ORGAN FOR SALE CHEAP; SUIT A-
X bie for church. Addrees P. 0., box 21, Call
Office. - ,
, - ARB, BACK BARS. MIRRORS, SHOW-
.*J cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-lUltt-IOiU-JOa.i
Mission si., above Sixth.
AFES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 009
SAFES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 609
Markut st.
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH;
In perfect order. H. 8. WHITE, 616 Mission.
I>OILERS,KNOINES,aD- HAND MACHINERY
x> water-plpos. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
p OFFICE MILL. SCALES, LETTKU PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 10ti3 Mission, nr. 7th.
T AUGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bank safe; cheap. 8 Mission st
VTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
Xl W. S. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st.
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
ONK SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market sl
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP.
TTH^^CO^ATlT^lJitt^Tp^^XlSTTNir^F^
Itween FRKD W. BLUMBKKO A CO. AND
SCHLOsS A BLUMBERG, doing an insurance
business at 431 Montgomery st., is dissolved this
day by . mutual consent. The office will re kept
open during the month of May for the settlement
of accounts. , , BENJAMIN SCHLOSS,
FRED W. BLUMBERG,
San Francisco, May 1, 1897.
PHYSICIANS. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; KEa
2864 25th at. ; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
MILLINERY STORE: TWO DOORB NORTH
of Market St.; flue large store; four nice
living-rooms; rent low: has a good new stock on
J.and: good business. M. LESS, 6 Fourth su
®Q^fk CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
«JpOOU. the 'Western Addition; living-rooms;
cheap lent: old-established place: no opposition;
large stock; big bar trade; must sell this week.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth it.
Q:£AA SALOON IN AN EXCELLENT BUSI-
*IpUUU. ne-is locality; one ot the oldest-estab-
lished and best-known places in its neighborhood;
rent reasonable; large s:ock; does a business that
would justify an investment of at least $1000,
which will be proven dv a trial; thorough Investi-
gation allowed to any one meaning business; sa: -
isi'aciory reasons for selling M. LESS, 5 Fourth.
fIgCAA COHNEK GROCERY AND BAR; A
1 \J\J. few blocks north of varket street:
finely fitted np: good, lar<e s' jck on hand: 4 nice
living-rooms: rent low. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
ROCKKY BUSINESS, WITH -IT BAR: IN
vl busy location; good horse and wagon; has a
well-paying cash trade; baigaln. M. LKSS, 5
Fourth st.
$1 900 SALOON— ONE OF THE FINEST
•P IZ.UI/. and oldest places in the Immediate
vicinity of many large theaters; elegant private
rooms; magnificent fixtures; clears $160 10 $200
per month. M. LhSs, 6 Fourth st.
<%llOf> RESTAURANT ACROSS THE
*Ipj.JLM». bay: entrances from two streets:
present owners in same place over 7 years; re-
ceipts over $1000 per mon h: other business cause
of sale. M. L..S5*, 5 Fourth st.
CriMl STATIONERY AND VARIETY,
tlptjill/. cigars, notions and school supply store;
in best business part of Western Addition: cheap
rent; 4 living-rooms: positive value in sight; near
schools. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
ffl»r»AA GROCERY ANDBAH. WITH 4 BUN-
»JPUUU. nylivlng-rooms;lowrent; north of Mar-
ket st.: old stand; value in sight. M. LESS, 6
Fourth su
ffl.QOr RESTAURANT-MAGNIFICENTLY
i]pOZ.O. furnished; on good street: two blocks
north of Market: cheap rent; crowded during
meal hours. M. LESS, 5 Fourth su :. .
<2j9r/\ SALOON; FINELY LOCATED:
ijpAi'U, cheap rent: cood fixtures: well stocked;
4 living-rooms; worth $600; owner going Easu M.
LESs, 6 Fourth St.
*1 (\f\f\ RESTAURANT; NEAR NEW
«U)IUUU. City Hall; magnificently furnished:
secures higbes' prices: hat an exceptionally fine
class of custom; present owner there 4 years; re-
ceipts $12tO monthly. M. Ll-. ss, 5 Fourth st.
$9OAA HOTEL WITH 30 WELL-FUR-
— OV/V/. nished rooms: the only hotel in one
01 the most prosperous towns of its size in the
State; photograph at my office. M. LESS, 5
Fourth sl.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A
Manufactuiing business,
Mercantile business, ■■•'.;'-• .'-.-;'
Lry-Roods business, '" ■'
Drugstore business,
Meat market business,
Livery stable business,
Grocery-store business,
French liquor business, saloon, hotel, etc., call
aud see OEO. STEWART <& CO., 632 Market sU
'_>£,/) COFFEE SALOON AND RESTAU-
«JI«JOV/. rant; run by present owner 13 years:
fine location: reasonable rent; receipts $18 per
day; clears ¥75 per month. O ISO. STEWART <fc
CO., 632 .Market St.
pHANCE FOR CITY CANVASSER TO MAKE
\J money on side. GEO. WHEKLKR, 9.16 Market
ANT TO IRADK STORE BUILDING,
»* blacksmtth-shop and 4 acres of ground In
country town for business or lodging-house In city.
Gi!.O. WHEELER, 906 iiarketaU
ffljklAA CANDY-STORE AND FACTORY:
<JT^V\7. good location: fine trade; rent only
$20. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Market St.
ffljO-A, PAYING DINING HALL: INVEB-
-<g>ZO\J. tUate. GKO. WHEELER, 906 Market.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS QUICK FOR
cash see STRAND A RICHARDS, 1118 Mar-
ket st.
<fi!4nn SALOON; CONNECTED WITH
tJpHUv/. lodging-house of 200 rooms and large
livery stables, worth double: must sell. on ac-
count of sickness. STRAND A RICHARDS,
1118 Market st.
©OKA PRIVATE DINING PARLOR: N.
•JpOtjyJ. of Market St.; doing a good business;
great bargain: on account of departure; see this
offer; free renU SIKAND <fc RICHARDS, 1118
Market st. •-, - 1,
(JjQCA CORNER GROCERY AND. BAR;
«H)O«Jv/. good stock, fixtures, safe; no opposi-
tion: great bargain. STRAND A RICHARDS,
1118 Market su
"DESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: BACRI-
It lire; good business. BARRETT,B73y MaikeU
EE Barrett a BASILE. 873y MARKET
O su. for one of the best bargains in cigar-staDd,
candy, notion-stores in the city.
(JJJtI-IA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
♦i?— • -L U. tion store- north Market: receipts $7 a
day; low rent. BARRETT & CO., 073>/ 2 Market.
dhOrAA CORNEK GROCERY ITH ELE-
»rp_>)\M'. gant appointments; full stock of
cbolce groceries, delicacies, family liquors, cigars,
etc.: the location is Al. being right in the heart of
the city: including new delivery wagon and fine
norse: cater to the finest class of trade. WINS-
TON & THOMAS. 646 Market sU
Oil OO SNAP: MILK DEPOT. BRANCH
npi- UU. bakery and delicacies; 2 newly fur-
nished living-rooms. WINSTON A THOMAS,
646 Market st. ' - ■
BARGAIN: MILK DEPOT WITH 1 LIVING-
rooiu; must be sold on account of departure;
no reasonable offer refused. WINSTON <&
THOMAS, 646 Market SU 1
fIjKAA GREAT BARGAIN; CORNER
WOyJXJ. liquor saloon: leadin; business street
off Market: rash register, safe, etc. W. F.
HEALY, 917 Market
CM fin RESTAURANT. NEAR S. P. R. R.
<tjpi O\J. depot: 4 living-rooms: great bargain; on
account of departure. HEALY, 917 Market su
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID 1 >RFURNI-
tare, restaurant, saloon fixtures and groosr.-
stocKs. JiKKG. 632 Market; teL main 1043.
ffi»OAA BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS, KTC.;
<tIPi-v/V.'. good location; rent $11: present owner
here 6 years. STENBKRG A CO., 632 Market su
<m 4CA LAUNDRY ROUTE, CLEARING
ijiy". $100 a month: good horse and wagon;
trial given. STKN BERG A CO., 632 Market St.
OCA SALOON FOR SALE.
<JpaU\J. Fine trade; large stock; fixtures cost
$1500; must be sold. DKCKER, 1020 Market |sU
/"VLD-ESTABLIBHKD CORNER GROCERY
OLD-ESTABLISH CORNER GROCERY
and bar; big business: sells 20 half-barrels
beer week; long lca<e. REIDY, 1027 Market su
HALF-I.NTERESI IN AN ESTABLISHED
printing and publishing business. J. A. 8.,
box 104, Call.
WILL, EXCHANGE A GOOD-PAYING RES-
taurant for small farm dear Los Angeles or
Anaheim. C. 1. a. box 101, Call. ;
<a»QAA CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE;
<]pOUU. c earing over $100 per month above all
expenses: trial given before buying; cheap rent,
with living-rooms: value in sight. C. S., box 88,
Call Office.
"PARTNER IN CIGAR FACTORY WITH
X store; small capital. Address C, box 106, Call.
■RELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
XV branch business: has been conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least $18 per
week to start with: certainty of Increase; must
have $150 cash. 777 Market sU, room 7.
m^>A FOR SALE AN OPPORTUNITY
<IJ)T:«Jv/. seldom offered to get In business, a
fine chopho use and coffee saloon In 'he best loca-
tion in tbe city, with n half- a block of new Call
building. Apply box 59, Call Office.
T,<OR SALE-CHEAP, GOOD-PA CIGAR-
X* stand; . laundry .business In connection. For
information apply to MICHALITSCHKE BROS.
A CO., inc., 239 Kearny st.
d£l Ann GROCERY AND BAR; MUST BE
ijJJIMIW. sold; established 8 years; doing good
business; full vain- in stock; rent. $'.'0 45 Third.
(JJjOrA FINE SALOON AND LUNCH-
rf—tjl'. house; wholesale district; make offer;
must be sold to-day, Apply 45 Third st., room 1.
OR SALE — A LEGITIMATE BUSINESS
-T which will earn purchaser $60 per month-
small capital. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Markets..
OR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED GROCERY
and bar south of Market su; cheap for cash.
A. C, box 19, Call Office.
piGAR AND NOTION STORE; GOOD LOCA-
\J tion; present owner here 7 years. Apply Call.
OR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED PAYING
coffee-saloon and restaurant. 122 Fifth su
MAKER'S, ATTENTION — EVERYTHING
X> pertaining to bakery; cheap. 712 Valencia st.
<Bt^OOn WILL SECURE A CLKAN BUSl-
f^O\J\t\f ness; strictly legitimate; yielding
$3000 to $4000 a year; In good running shape- of
19 years' standing; present owner desires to re-
tire; none but responsible parties need apply Ad-
dress L. C, box 79, Call Office. . - . .
SALOON, CHEAP, ON ACCOUNT PART-
ure; central location; bears Investigation. In-
quire Albany Brewery. :
liOR SALE-STAR ND GARTER SALOON
137 Fifth st.; established 1886; a living-rooms-
no agent. v (
$275. S^ w ,g B B &ffi£ AND MILK Di:
pOLD QUARTZ MINE FOR SALE; $13,000
\J part on time; in operation; 10-stamp mill-
-3 Triumph concentrators ; free water power-
ho stin» works, shops, boarding-house and other
buildings: fine ledge; shaft and tunnels read y to
stopeore: value in sight; bargain: can be made
™^arge^prop«rty by extending. Address M.,
DOX OU, Liili.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.^
©O'/K OLDEST. CORNER GROCERY AND
3hO i O. bar; 4 living-rooms: good steady trade;
owner wants to retire. Ap. WILKE, 783 Market.
HE LARGEST, THE BEST LOCATKD, THE
1 most money making branch bakery, stationary,
fancy groc?ry and candy store of this city for save;
owner to make trip to Europe; living rooms: »io
triflers need to inquire, WILKE. 783 Market atl
ffl? TOn A CORNER GROCERY AND BAfR
<Jpl L\J\J. with 4 living rooms; choicest loda-
tlon In Mission: a straight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKE. 783 Market st. .
IBM t\(\ GOOD PAYING SALOON ON EAST
tTttUU. St., opposite the Oakland ferry; a bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
ffIMKA BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LIV-
»TrT:OU. ins-rooms; rent $-2; a genuine good
business offer; dally receipts $14; kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE. 783 Market su
C-rr-(\ LUNCH AND CHOI HOUSE: ES-; .
«2) I O\). tabMshed years; patronized by mer-
chants and brokers: money-making place: no •
Sunday or night work. W . LX 78.H Market st.
j.nr A CORNER BAJUIOOM; CHOICEST.-,
«JpOOl/. downtown location: doing a first-class
paying business: low rent; investigate at once;
yon will find No. 1 bargain. WILKE. 783 Market ■
-AA MINERS, ATTENTION— GRAVEL
«JpOUU. mine, hi Dorado Co.. Wildcat Creek;
covering 40 acres gold-bearing gravel: fir3t-class
paying claim. Particulars WILKE, 783 Market.
®a&f\ CIGAR-STORE AND BILLIARD
<JrUOl/. hall, with 2. fine tables, fixtures and
stock of goods: actual value $1200: lively country
town: roust be sold this week. Call WILKE, 783
Market su
fife! 7£ FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE; THE
tip A 10. best location near Market st. : fine fix-
tures; large patronage; owner has other business.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st. ■
CL'-f^A SALOON: OLD - ESBT'D PLACE;
«JptuU. best location in city: owner Is there 3
years; also 4 rooms, including furniture, 2 store-
rooms, fine yard; owner other business. 617 sac.
$1 r A SALOON: GO. D sTOCK AND FIX-
«IP i O\J. tures; family troubles; must sell. In-
quire 259 Third st.
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $200; GOOD
»» position; pays $300 or $400 per month. Call
1131,2 Folsom St., from 10 to 2 o'clock.
BARGAIN— MILLINERY STORE MUST BE
sold. Inquire room 9, Pheian building, 8 to •
10 a. if.
©11 AA GROCERY AND BAR; FINK
«I)I1UU. stock: nice family trade. Apply Call.
CORNER BAL.OON; ON ACCOUNT OF DE» /
\J parture: no agents. Z., box 50, Call Office.
GOOD LOCATION, CIGAR-STAND, WITH
fixtures; rent $10. 1405 Polk su ■■ .: ■•.• ,.:.:
i
RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION; CHEAP;
good place tor two. 324Larkinst.
FOR SALE— GROCKRY AND BAR; OWNER
selling ob account of sickness. 240 Minna st. .
RANCH BAKERY, NOTION AND STA-
lionery; good place; cheaD, make offer. 449
Guerrero su :• "-■■---. "-'. '■'• ■'-_• .i ' . : . ■
<£QOn HALF-INTEREST IN PRINTING-
t/UU. house costing «36n0; Inside man pre-
ferred to hired help: remaining partner is good
drummer. 8., box 79. Call Office. ; •, .
011 Of\(\ hay. grain, WOOD AND coal
(JpiUUU, business: must sell: cause, sickness*
Address R. 0., box 101, Call Office.
OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY FOR SALE;
shop business : no wagon. Address C. X., box
I 98, Call Office. . ■,■:'• .
FOR SALE CHEAP— AND CHOP,
house; leaving for Greece. 344 Third St.
BUTCHER BUSINESS; $2000: FINEST
X> fitted; horses, wagons, refrigerator; $7t> cash
trade daily. L , box €0. Call Office.
STATIONERY. NOTIONS, CANDY AND
0 cigar store; 6 rooms: good place for man and
wife: for gale cheap. 2002 Mason st.
J AA GROCERY AND BAR; 5 LIVING. .
♦iP'rfcUV/. rooms; rent $35. Inquire Hibernia '
Brewery, '■/•
©7f\rt saloon AND 9 FURNISHED
«lp I \J\J. rooms: best business corner N. of Mar- .
ket su; clears $150 per month; on account of
death, 8., box 65, this office.
fflji AAA BEST MILK BUSINESS IN THE
«IDJ-UV/U. city: store and route: chance for
man and wife to clear $150 per month. M. B ,
box 67, this office.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— PARTNER FOR
X Eastern and California beer bottling business.
712 Fourteenth St., near -Market ; 3 to 6 p. m.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VT Eastern young lady. Room 5, first floor, 850 '•
Market st.
MILK ROUTE; 90-GAL. TRADE; 2 HORSES, \
wagon, cream separator, cans, etc; all lv I
good condition. , 159 second st. I
OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING UKUCKKY, '
F variety, bakery and candy store; established
12 years ply at 811% Bryant st.
AKGAIN: CANDY-STOKE, SODAWATER.
icecream parlor: 'good reason for selling. Ad-
dress 408 c McAllister st.
fljjjAn SALOON FOR SALE: OLD ESTAB-
dp^tUU. lished place: no night work. App.y
Call Office. •
/"\LD-ESTABLISHED SALOON CENTRALLY
\J located, opposite City Hull; low rent. Apply
McLEOD <& HAT JE, 615 Market sU
"DESTAURA.ST 1 AXING IN $10-$l5 A DAY
XV will be sold for $kOU. 145 Fifth su
pOOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCERY AND
vJT bar; basement attached. 1501 Powell sU,
cor. Vallejo.
FOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
this paper. For particulars Inquire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
XT quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon.
IpINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON
must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st.
ITY ROUTiJ. ton BALK * APPLY THI3
office.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH«
rt. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
J.f)|»(,lN(.-iH)ISKS FOR SALE.
"I A-ROOM HOUSE, CORNER „ $300
-1 v/ 8-room new flau best in city .* 800
108- room house, clearing $350 6 000
1 3 rooms on Eddy st 650
19 rooms on Post St., fine ■...!". 1,000
60- room house on Pine st., rent $86 2,000
12 rooms on Van Ness aye., only 1,400
10 rooms, cor. O'Farrellst 350
17-room house on Sixth street 650
2.-room boarding house, $350 cash 900
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost (800, price. 850
7 -room house, only 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
fl»f}00 14 ROOMS Of. HYDB ST.. NEAR
•H)A\J\J, Jackson; bargain. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
T/OR CASH, PART CASH OR EXCHANGE. '
X 1 10 rooms; fine, new furniture $600
17 rooms on sixtn st., cheap 650" :
17 rooms: part cash 900 ' '
20 rooms; well furnished; rent $45. 1,000
33 rooms, clearing $100; pan cash MOO
For sale by GEo. WHEELER, 9J6 Market su
<Dl/l7^ HOUSE 16 BOOMS; WELL FUR-
t&tx I O. nlshed; baths; fine location: rent $45- ■
c ears $60 month. STRAND A RICHARDS, 1118
Market at.
rpo BUY OR SELL A LODGING-HOUSE SEE
1 STRAND A RICHARDS. 1118 Maritet st.
BI» 7 PL#| HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA-
•IT I O\J. tlon on Mark su; a rare bargain-
owner Is leaving for Europe. WILKE. 785 Market.
T ODGING-HOUSE — 9 ROOMS; NEATLY
\J furnished: this week only $100. 366 Minna
St., near >ifth.
FUIINITUKK FOR BALE. '■ .
<s>l Rft FURNITURE OF 8 -ROOMS; RENT
vD-LOKJ. of bouse $20: departure from city. F.
box 21. Call Office. •
LL THE FURNITURE IN FURNISHED
flat of 5 rooms: $60. 1814 Polk st.
ij>URNITURE, ETC., FOR 5 ROOMS, COM-
J. plete, at a bargain. Inquire 32 California st.
NTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household'
furniture every d scription, new and 2d-haud- pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing ouu 126 4th.
A NTKY -- BUY FURNITURE FROM
O Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission : advances.
H°TKi^ HOI D RANGES ARE THE BEST
JOHN K. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market SU •
CARPET CLEANING.
pITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS-
\J cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. BTEVENs!
Mgr., .^8 and 40 l.lghth st. ; telephone South 250.
J" Waits, reliable rarpet-cleanlug renovtg, alter- >
.atlun works. 413 McAllister. TeL J.ssie 32U '
nARFET-t;LEANING, 3c: LAYING. Sc: RUO
\J samples free; teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 Bth at
pARPETS CLEANED, KKNOVaIKD" L.IKB
\J new. J. McQUKEN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 8.2287
W' HEN YoU BtCOMK DISGUaTED WITh"
" poor work send toBPAULDINO'S Pioneer -
pet-beating Works, 353-57 'iehama st. f tel'^o. 4UL '
pARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
Unew. A3 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh" cq -
JE. MITCHELL. CAiU'i.T-(jLE\MNU ct» "
J . 240 14th su; cleaning 3c a yard! 'I'eL Mis,
f) o^?^ l^' 3 - n CAKPJiX - BEATING WORSV
V 83J Golden Gate are. Telephone East lls.HOUSK3 TO LET.
COZY HOME: SUNNY BIDE SUTTER, 832;
key at 830: reduced: lovely 10.- at lon.
.'."•Q-l r HOUSE OF 'SIX NICK KOOMS TO
- : . 0 1 O. let. 249 Clara m . bet. Fifth and Sixth.
''■ / IXOO*E OF 11 ROOMS- FINE ORDKB; RENT
J IT. cheap. 247 Stevenson st., bet-Third and Fourth
\ \ ° '^UXNY H'»USE; 6 ROOMS; BATH; BENT i
1 .-" O $18 1706 Baker at.
TV; EAT HOUSK OK 6 ROOMS; LARGE YARD.
.\° ".: 1> 12053/3 Golden Gate ayr : key at 1205.
■\TICK HALL— HEAP. BY THE MONTH or
;}• e "/i> night. E. HILL, 997 Market st.
0 . .■.."' man MA«O>~\E-\R~<OMBARD-8-ROOM i
./; —1— »i house and bath; newly renovated; rent
;. ._ 918; rent free till first of month.
f ": ' : ■J* ,C* HOUSE 6 KOOMS, PINE ST.;
■', -..© I I), tailor can pay rent with work.
•-'=,■ HiiTSi-.S TO RK.N 1 i-'UK VKKI LI ITLK
: . •"„ JO. money at BALDWIN _ HOWELL'S, 10
"■';". Montgomery st. . ' '
• °°" ' 1 99; i'KUSH - SUNN." HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;.
•-, \-« '■ I £i£t \\ yard; rent. j-ps^.-nati.e to a good tenant
■• '■•»./ FIiRMSHKI> HOUSES.
']■ Q-UNNY 8 KOOM*v3 OR MORE MONTHS,
■>-'i 0 $30. .2116 Larkin st., 210 5 clock.
'■"<■'•' ■ mo lkt-fuknTsiikd modern husky
'•• ••■*'■ 1 corner flat 6 rooms and bath. Apply on the
."• premises 14!-!S Hai«hl st.
.''..," HKMSIIiiD FLATS. '..'
•': i^ or i T^T^OR^ULTsT4 COMFORTABLE
.0 — -- •'*' '• rooms: atli; 2 beds; 'i stoves, gas
: ' •*""* coal IM "' ; ''" T "'
:^ .COTTAGES TO LET.
-••!•• ,V;v 4-ROOMi NEW; 114 CONGO ST.,
• " '•••« "ivi Sunny side Tract: or sell, $50 down. $12
-.:■ . nioathi MCCARTHY COMPANY., 616 Market.
• ■•■ "_.O-r ..MODERN "FLAT; 8 ROOMS; BATH
-•.••■••,. —O : lor 2 families. 1128 Howard st.
V -;v il SUNNY MODERN COTTAGES: 5 ROOMS,
" ■ .-.•-. bath, laundry- and basement: very convenient;
. rhea.p. 1452 Seventh aye. south, near Railroad-
■ ■ •■ five. cars. ; ■ :
•. : -.,:r > !OTT.AGROF4SUNNY ROOMS; BASEMENT,
•'■ U large chicken- yard, i oops, eta; 1v 2 blocks south
from terminus; Twenty-ninth-si, electric-cars; rent
•'."• ■.-.-,. >11; water free. 29 Harper st. ■ ;
(jU -1 a NICE SUNNY COTTAGE, FOR SMALL
-1 ' l A '. family. 20 Johnston nve., near Geary-it
cable- cars. \ . '. ''. ■
•. ■ • OITNNY COTTAGE,. 4 LARGE ROOM*. BASE-
V . ,-\ O ment and yard. 1864 Fifteenth si., iir. Dolores.
: . . •' : .FPp. LKT- COTTAGE I ROOMS AND BATH;
;'. .•■• ;■•,. rent $ 1 8. 4 49 Bryant st. ____—_—.
-) ?. ' : - :''-:'■'. ■■ : ~ ' ■ ; FLATS TO LET;
H' OUSES AND FLATS • RANGING FROM 4
■ to £ rooms, reals irora $13 60 10 $37 50: at-
' tractive location, sunny and quiet: large yard for
■''.'."■ -Cowers; 10 minutes from Palace Hotel by Mis-
■<:( ■■'■>■■, .:.-.-:. e!ec;r:c-cars. .DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
" ''. ■■? ..-:ave., off -1 welith st '• .
•':•" "■' ci MALL FLAT OF 4 SUNNY I'OOMS; KENT
V: 0 reason a We. 1 Bo»ie aye., off Eleventh St.,
t ' ■■"•■•■ bet. Howard and Folsom.
".: '.•:'.. r^HoicE sunny flat-, modern con-
•\ ■._ \.i veniences; cheap to good tenants. See owner,
•.■'■■: ■'■■S'.COIUiigWOOJ St.
v'; i- 11 Q fCOTT— BEAUTIFUL FLAT SEVEN
■■••.- '"-'i -4 i. O rooms; bath; modern improvements;
•:.;.".' $H) --. [_
• . : >..)'.H.U ES, CORNER WEBSTER-SEVEN
". .:'.'■ "lot sunny rooms and bath; modern improve-
... V'raeats.
' "■_ '.: V. I Q UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
: j> -I O.*: 16^5^ Pine St., abov- Van Ness aye.
:.T7i I.> MINN A, NR. ELEVENTH- 4 AND 6
■ ; . .. .'.- I 1 _ suany rooms: -folding doors; gas; yard;
.':.-.."■• real $14 tip. ' ... ■ :
.. " ' oTT'Q-' 14J5J, 3 SACRAMENTO, NR. HYDE—
•• " •^ 1 O. Flat 01 5 rooms and bath; yard.
V '• .TTPPKR FLAT— I9IBa GOLDEN GATE AYE.;
'•' =• . 'U 5 sunny rooms and bath; rent if 2 i.
■• V - COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE STS,— FLAT
• ■"'.". .ii of 7 sunny rooms.and bath; large yard.
■'.'■' ffi. 1(* 5 ROOMS, BATH AND YARD. 1027-
-•'■•'.■ ■■CIU. Post st. ;
A A SHOTWKLL, NR. FOURTEENTH— SUN-
'S ny rooms; bath; gas; tubs; reasonable.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; JUST
0 renovated. 434 3 , i Clementina st.
1 , "DAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 5 LARGE ROOM*:
I Sj modern improvements; rent low. 1101 Bryant.
I|U.NXY UPPER FLAT OF a ROOMS AND
0 bath.; rent $15. 70J Kills s:.
1 7 ELLIOTT PARK, Oi-F STEINER, NEAR
1 I Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar:
rent $12. Inquire 19.11 ueary st.
1 A- 1 FULTON —EXTRA FINE MIDDLE
In- flat, 6 rooms arid bath; new; $30.
-I -9- FiFTEENTH ST., NEAR HOWARD-
-1O — New lower fiat: 4 rooms and bath: $16.
SI 9 SUNNY FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS,
0i _. bath, gas and 'yard. 3928 Nineteenths!.,
between .soe and Sanchez.
<*_-!- LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
rj>lt/. bath, gas; grand view. 1512 Casiro St.,
near Twenty-fifth; cars pass the door.
~\7(Ul POST-3. 4:ANJ> 5 ROOM FLATS;
1 i UU baths; garden; rent $15.
1 "I AT (1 ELLIS ST.— NICELY LOCATED MOD-
-IUI >) crn flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent (25.
J>ll FLAT OF 4. LARGE ROOMS; YARD.
O-l 214 Eleventh st., near Howard.
BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH:
It stationary wash tubs: largo yard. Apply
1521 Broadway or BHAINWALD, BUCKB_;K
dl CO.
■V^EW FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS; $13 AND
■ii $15;. modern improvements. "-666 Twenty-
second st.
>■)-[ OA OTaRRELL, broderick—
— I*jTC Sunny side: large 5-room flat, with bath
,•- and other modern conveniences: has two large
separate rear rooms: rent reducel to $20; must
' be seeD to be appreciated.
r CHOICE UPPER FLAT: 7 KOOMS; MODERN
v./ improvements. 1710 Hyde st.
DO YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OH COT-
tage; cheap. See SPiCK <fe CO., 602 Market.
LATS TO LKT FOR VKKI LITTLE
money at BALDWIN: & HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
tomery st. _ ' =
JJ.l^ LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
tJTJLcJ. 19th; 5 rooms: porcelain oath.
/■> HEAP MODKRN FLATS, ~~b AND 6
V,' rooms, fBto $16: ;» tiiem. 523 Seventh st.
i ■ « \VEiSK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-TL WEEKLY CALI_.la wraDpcr. tor mailing.
HOI'SJEKEKPINti KOOMS.
Ludy street.
QIC EDDY— 3 OR, 3 UNFURNISHED OR
O LO furnished sunny rooms; reference., !^j£_«d
• Klghteenth Street.
q^n^ EIGHTEENTH, COR, GUERRERO-
OUxJO Rooms either furnished or unfurnished..
J iii- Street.
,r:nc ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
i/uO complete for housekeeping.
Fourtli "-net!:. ,
IQI FOURTH — LARGE ALCOVE FRONT
*lt/-L room and kitchen; furnished complete for
housekeeping: cheap rent.
Mree;.
IA7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
° 1U I nlshed rooms to-let.
91 A FIFTH-LARGE SUNNY FRONT BKD-
OJttrDom and kitchen; bath; no chl dren;
private: $11.
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS. FURNISHED FOR
«)__. housekeeping; rent cheap.
09' ..FIFTH— CLKAN FURNISHED HOUSK-
-o_<Jkeoilng: two, $10; three, $13: single, $5.
Filliuore Streec.
G*-\ f\ 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
tJpJLI/. family. 221U Fllimore St., near Clay.
Golden Gate Avenue.
onn GOLDEN GATE-LARGE SUNNY AL.
O_U cove; hoi, water; single, $5 up; refs.
/'•9/1 GOLDEN O ATK A YE.-PARLOR FLOOR,
t)_w 3 rooms, sunny housekeeping,' s23; also
other rooms. ... •
Hyde Street.
6 HYDE — 3 SU N N;Y HOUSEKEEPING
rooms; private: bath; yard.
r— ' : ? .' - . ;
Howard Street.
V ~(\\ HOWARD- FINELY FURNISHED
V ! • Utt'front rooms and others: rent cheap.
7Ci\ 3 Howard -.nicely FURNISHED
• ') 1 •_• sunny, bay-win*ow and others; reasona-
ble; man and wire, ■
"] I.AA HOWARD— FURNISHED FRONT
J-J-iT: suites for housekeeping; from $10 to $12.
" 900 ft "OWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS
— VV/U lor housekeeping; gas and bath, -
- * ' -• -■ -.'■•■■
I HOVSEKKKPIim KOOMS - Continued.
ticssle Stree:. ;
.qq JESSIE— FRONT FURNISHED HOUSE-
'iOO keeping rooms, i 6: also single, cheap.
.Milllhl PIHCO.
3 MARTHA FLACK, OFF GEARY— FRONT
room, $8; - ."houseKeepini{rooms. $12: single, ¥6.
McAllister Street.
' 4f> MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
UiD housekeeping; large yard. !
7 9 -1 1 McALLISTKR— N X LV FURNISHED
I --'!•» front rooms with housekeeping privileges.
-"lima Streo;.
OQ] MINNA, CORFOU .TH-SUITK FRONT
•-O 1 housokeeplng, cheap: front duabie.'single.
j-i 7 MINN 4-2 OR 3 WELL FURNISUKD
ill housekeeping rooms. "■/.
5 4fL MINNA— I LARGE SUNNY ROOM:
~10 lljjht housekeeping; suitable man and wife
1 or '2 gents BfS&BKSM&KB'BK-'i
I MINNA-2 NICKL^ FURNISHED SUN-
OrxO ny housekeeping rooms.
-""•Mon Street.
I Q£Q MISSION- LARGE FRONT SUNNY
■ COO room: light housekeeping; cheap.
! Q/17 MISSION— BEDUOOM ANl> KITCHEN
: "11 complete for housekeeping.
1 (\OO MISSION ST. — Ei.KOA.NT. FRONT
j JL"UO suites: new: b. ue-flame s.ove.: gas.
i 1 i)A-l MISSION - FURNISUKD ROOMS,
I 1-11 including housekeeping: l-arl-ir, kitchen.
illuutgomerjr street.
! 9Qy| MONTGOMERY - LARGE SUITE OR
i — 'Jt: 3 rooms complete for housekeeping; fur-
nished or unfurnished; modern: $1U: reference
.Now aiuutgomery .street. ;
! 1 AX NEW MONTGOMEKY-SUNNY FRONT
! lUO honsek.eplns rooms; $1 60 to $2 a week.
St.»»-
- " - NATOM *— 8 SUITES OF HOUSF.KF.EP-
I 000 me rooms; reut *8, $10 m.; ap. afternoon.
Ninth Street.
01 NINTH ST.— SUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT
— 1 housekeeping; running wa'.er; other rooms.
Tin NINTH ST,— FRONT BAY-WINDOW
-Ilt7sui:e: sunny all day elegantly furnished
i for housekeeping; modern folding bed; $3 oO per
week
"i 90 MNTH-2 OK 3 NICK SUNNY FOB-
I I_O rishi"! rooms; suitable for housekeeping;
' nice suntiy yard. ' < : \ ' ;. -.
Pearl Street. ," :
3 PEARL. COR, MaTTkKT, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
i OBt Mroe;.
990 POST — 2 PLEASANT FURNISHED
— — housekeeping rooms: yard; rent $10.
M'fonii Street.
p;9 SECOND-FURNIsHED ROOMS; LIGHT
«J_- housekeeping or single.
SfcCOND-SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
-4t;9 StCOND— SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE.
*.!-. — keeping, water, bath; other rooms, $4 up.
seventh Mree.. ;
1 A*) SEVENTH (GIKARD)— AND
i ■"!_ kitcnens;a'.so single rooms; newly renovated
:->j SEVENTH — S6:. TWO FURNISHED
«J«_)t> housekeeping rooms. Bf'ffnrßßJl-P-l
uxth Street. '; '
1 '9A SIXTH— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
%J<L rooms for housekeeping; rent $9 end $10,
Twelfth Street. : \.
■I A pr TWELFTH, CORNER HOWARD-
JL"Tc) Klcely furnished housekeeping room; rent
reduced. ", '
Twenty-fifth Street.
A 1 KOTWEX 1 Y-FIKTH ST.. FEW DOORS
trl OJ. east of Castro—2 sunny unfurnished rooms
(private family), sal able for light housekeeping;
bath and laundry; ladies only; rent $0 per month.
Twenty-sixth Street. .; ;i'
QQ^7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION— 2
000 1 large sunny furnished housekeeping
suites; $8 ana $9. . ....
.' Valencia Strees . ;
- ojl VALENCIA— 2 or 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
; i/O j2 keeping rooms; bath: sewing machine.
! Oil VAN NESS AYE. -ALCOVE AND
Oil other sunny suites: all front: moderate,
Miscellaneous.
3 SUNNY' ROOMS. HANDSOMELY FUR
Dished; complete; private home; elegant sur-
| roundings. JB., box 82, Cull.
CMC MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
«_)— I until b:Sy o'clock: branch office ot luk
I all; tcbstlfctions ur.d v ant ads taken.
KOO3IS TO LET.
i-«luj Streetf
! "I -I Q F.DDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE;
HO also other clean sunny rooms; $5 up; no
transient.
1 KQf) EDDY ST., NKAR LARGE
lvOv wnny furnished iront room; gas; bath.
eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSK. 58 FTH
ir St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Qin EIGHTH. NKAR FuLSOM-3 LARGii
Olu rooms; rent $10. ffiw'lffl
i-"i.« Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INCANDES-
cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
' ladies' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50;
I week, *■_' to $8; month, $810 $30; elevator on
I cilice floor-, rooms with hot and cold v.a:er: baths.
pOYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NKWLY
It furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, etc.
. *- mil suiw., ': •
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to 85 per week.
Q9X FIFTH— DOUBLE PARLORS; KITCH-
-0 — en; bath: furnished or unfurnished.
Filbert Street. '■■'.. '
Ql Q FILBERT-GENTLEMAN WITH REF-
Ol Terence can have nice tingle front room for
• $4 per month. , • .
X'uisom Street.
-.nr\ FOLSOM— DOUBLiB- SUNNY FRONT
I UU room; rent reasonable.
I rjnni folsom-large furnished room
% \J\J'i to let; $4; every convenience.
Fourteenth Street. •
"1 9QB FOURTEENTH— SUNXT. UNFCR-
I —i) niched, bay-window, housekeeping rooms.
I '. ; ; — : — 1 .
> ujioii Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rmi; single or en suite; $8 & $15 up.
>••.<; Oeary Stree:.
Cl Q GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
'ii' back parlor, suites, double, single; board;
\ light housekeeping.
I - __^ .^___ __— — —
I Ql C GHAKY— NEWLY FURNISHED BUN-
| VLO ny rooms; folding-bed modern improve-
ments. .
The martinet, hoi geary, sw. cor.
Van Ness— Handsome suites, newiy furnished.
Golden Gate Avenue.
QOG GOLDKN GATE AYE. — FURNISHED
««-)" parlor; sunny suite or single; rent cheap.
fj/.Q GOLDEN GATK AYE.— LARGE FUR-
O\JO nfslied bay-window for one or two; run-
ning water: home corjitons; $12 a month; also
cheaper rooms; private family. . ' .
*-•» *ttn m :• i«o .
I ZLOA HOWARD — SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
UO7I suitable for an o:tl:e.
fJ9Q HuWAKD-NICKLY FU R IS H D
U—O front rooms: single and double; gas and
bath.
L'Z(\ HOWARD— SINGLE ROOM FOR
U«JU gent; cheap.
; 1 I'A HOWARD, BET. SEVENTH AND
I.JO KJghth— Nicely furnished front room,
with kitchen, reasonable.
■ Jones street.
9 A 7 JONES (THE VAN WIN KLF.")-HAND-
— U I somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
_t«'riiy' btrooi. ■: ;■ ■".;■ U
ARLINGTON HODSK, 327 KEARNY —
A PleasaDt sonny rooms, co suite and single; firs:
cicsa in every respect: term reasonable.
1 . 1 k;:i S rooi.
097 LARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.-
-•>_ I Desirable rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
1 ')(}(} LAKKIN' ST., OPPO^-ITK LURLI.VE
I— v/U Baths— sunny furnished front rooms; $4
and $5 per month. : :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
: Lewis Street. v ... . C;
1 n LEWI", OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST— «B;
10 large unfurnished room and kitchen. j ■>
Ik* kr>t h t r U4J i. "■ j; •'/ . •„ V . :.; : . £ '. . '
1 (\Q~ MARKET - FURNISHED HOUSE-
-1 UoO keeping rooms; front suite for office.
OSiCMIIF. BOUBK. 1045 • MAKKET-PEK
J. «>Bhl. 35c to $1: week, »1 50 to $5: families.
j,cAiii(it«r &tree;. J  .' _. ; v »
£»Q-1 MCALLISTER— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
-00 I 2 nished room: hot and cold water; bath;SB.
1 (\^{\ MCALLISTER. - BUNNY. FURNISH-
IUOu ed room; double bed; running .water;
closet: rent f« a month. .•■ ■; '■:'.; : ...,J
}i;i.-or street.
1 f\Q MASON-BUITkSTnKWLY FURNIBH-
XUO ed: single cud double rooms: cheap.
. J'iMiim .*rr<:e». : '} 'j '"■
/»Q9 MISSION— NICELY, FURNISHED SUN-
DO- ny front rooms: cheap; quiet place. ?Jg^_
HANCOCK HOUSh, 7SL . MISSION. SKLKCT
family rooming-house;'. 51 60 to $ti per weelc.
Jvaionia Stree:. HjB[SB|ES
mi NATOMA.fOR TH-FURNISHED
• "1 or unfurnished rooms; housekeeping; also
slng!e. ■ : •,\ .. . .■ .
Tine Street. "- . ■■ . ' -..
m PINE— SUNNY ROOMS FOR GENTS;
$5: board if r?qui.ed; references: private.
/•91 PIN 1- -ROOMS $4 UP; EN SUITES OR
U—l single; sunny; running water: grate; quiet. |
i .'.-.: siree.. x . ;
THE BOHEMIA, 239 POST— LARGE", LIGHT
newly furnished bay-windows, offices mi 1 lodg-
ings: central; running water;* - grate 1; elevator;
quiet; see them; very reasonable.
f?9»; POST— ;-.LKOANT FURNISH I\D UOOMS,
U— — bath, hot and cold water. $8; sunny suites.
". ' "" 1 owe.i >irt3»..
THE WILLISFORD. 212-214 POWELL— NEW-
Iy inrtii->!ie : sunny rooms; telephone.
liuss Street.
197 RUSS— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
L — 1 trout room ; 2 gents or couple: light house-
keeping: stove, closets, bath: single roomi.
icvomt Byes..
11 C SECOND — CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
-1 J O nlshed rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
£i*.ii > ren .
1 Ql SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
±Oit room; bath; closet; $10. . ".
HE PIEDMONT, : 1 19a JXTH— NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
'/:; :"';• i Mock lon Place.
rpHK EUROPEAN, 17 t-TOCKTON — FUR-
-1 ni »hert rooms $1 60 to *2 50 per week: suites
$3 60 to iH per week; by nl^hi, 60c to $1 50; hot
and cold water; elevator: ir^nsieut.
;.:- Sutter Street. ."'.
jr-l 4 SUTTER— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
ula sunny pariors: other rooms; low rent.
ruin TAYLOR, CORN KB BUTTER-FINELY
O— — furnished bay-window room.
■1 -I "I 1 SUITER— NiCKLY FUR Nl SHED
1111 rooms; suites $12; also single rooms.
i Taylor Street. ".
1 AQ TAYLOR— LARUK ROOMS; $1 75 AND
lUy *2; sunny sincle, $1 25 and SI 50 week.
Km 9 TAYLOK — SUNNY CORNER SUITE:
«Jl'^- nicely furnished: hot and. cold water.
* fAtu S" roe..
-I 7 THIRD-QUIET HOUSE: FURNISHED
1 I rooms. Transient and Information Bureau.
A Uik MVDt).. ■
•\1 /'TURK —L A ROE SUNNY SUITES,
110 handsomely furnished: single. -aeFnS 3
I rig TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED: ROOM;
! •)*IO folding bed; running water: grate: gas and
bath; $10.
;■; •■ Twentieth Street.
QQAQ TWENTIKTH — 2 SUNNY FUR-
Do\tV n shed rooms; cheap.
.-'.'.' 3li*ce!la.ueous.
A HARD-FINISHED ROOMS AND STORK;
1 rent cheap; nice location. Key at 1433 \a-
lenciast. -" .",-: '
BOARDI>O AND BOO3IS. .
QQQ GEARY— KLKGANT BUN.VY SINGLE
i;OO rooms, 30; lor two. $60: French board.
ROOM fuR 2 GENTLEMEN WI I H BOAKd!
Geimau home cook to a week. b.:> Valen-
cia st. SK^SI
719 POS i — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
•1— board, for 2: $18 up; use purl or and piano
J1 9 KDDY — LOVELY FRONT SUNNY
j *±1— room", wltn board: for 2, $40 a month
QnO VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY i'UJfr
OUO nlshed funny rooms or suite, with board.
HOTEL BhRTLINO, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer nces; all modern conveniences;
K;ilston tab. if d«-sired: new niHnak'ement.
CiilL,lJi;t.> . KOABUEI>.
PLEASANT HOME IN THK COUNTRY FOR
1 a child; nils', have reference; board reason-
able. Address G. I., 1-afayette, contra costa
County, CaL
ICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC.
x\ and close to cood school; $10 per mouth. Ad-
cires* MRS. E. L. BILLI-, Golden Gate, Alameda
1 ounty. Ca 1 . , -.; >j • .. • --•
=
STORES TO LET.
ONE OF THE BEST FKUITSTORES IN THE
Mission. Apply UMUSEN _' CO^ 14 Mont-
gomery st. ,:r.' . :;;
UTCHER-sHOP. FIXTURES: $10 MONTH!
JNO. T. GRAHAM, cor. Twenty-seventh ana
Alabama sts. , ■ , •■.,-,-.-■ -'
fflj 1 ('. A 1007 LARKIN, CO :. POST ST.-
<ipl\J.O\J. store arid living-room : s new; mod-
erd and central. Apply X tiLLY, 102 Eddy.
TORE AND » LIVING-ROOMS. BE. COR.
Pcge and Lyon s S. ; rent cheap. "■
STORE WITH 2 LIVING - ROOM*; FINE
O plac^ for restaurant: rent $18. 461; Uaijjhl st.
LAR(iK STORK, S SHoW WINDOWS AND
J-J 4 largo rooms; rent only $22 60. 422 Sixth. '
A 1 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS: AND BASEMENT;
*f I I alsotlat. Apply 41 71^ Third st. .•
MUSICAL, INSTEUMENTS,
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
J\. We sell them for $3, «4, $5. $8, $7. $8, $9, $10
per month; also for cash ; tha best makers of every '.
-grade; don't pay rent when the name monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter eta., Stela-
way dealers. ".."■'" ' . • : '
» BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
1 Jtx. house west of Chicago Is KUHLEK <fc-
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SOo'Farrell si.; planoj, or-
gans and all other musical lpstrnmenta, o( all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices- lowest;
every thing possible dona to pl«as» ana uailsfy uib
customer.
CIU.VLLY THK BKST BAKUAINS IN Vl-
aaoi; monthly par ments from «5 up: deliv-
ered tree with s:o:jl and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. VV. SPKNCKR COMPANY,
-salesroom 933 .Market »t,, upp. ilnaun; ehi_u
lished over 20 years.' • :' : , .' • *
ON A FIDK RKDUCTION IN PRICES-
Halnes. Kn.be, Bush »fe Gerts and others; seo-
ona-hand pianos from $100 up. W. ; C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. l. Bancroft (ft Co., £24 iost.
BKAUTIKUL $500 WALNUT DECKER '&
Son nprirht, good tin ntw, tor $290 cash.
MALVAIS, 769 Market St. <
INK HIKINWAY *175; ■ WKBKR: *i>6o.
1 Unrdman SAM: each- one a bars a in. THE J.
DEWI.sO CO., second floor, l'looa building.
SHAW STKINWA\, *2CO; CHICKKIUNG.
$185; 'bargains, $4 a month; a nice »mail up-
right, *95; rent $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. •" T :
NABE PIANOS: NEW SCALE; A"EW
style*. KOHLKU & CHASE, 30 u'Farrell st.
FINE UPUIGHT PIANO IN EXCHANGE
for room and board. A., box 2, Call Office. i
41OX RODG lilts' CABINET GRAND
<pX_U.Kranxen: bargain* HOl<2ruNo.i.'l6Post
A BRUKNN PIANO; WJLL CHARM YOU-
jti. ■cc it before you buy. 228 Post st, ■.-■..- ■ ■
"VJEARLV NEW BABY GJHAND STKINWAY-
Ii. great bargain. 1021 Van-Nets aye. , .;.-...■
ARK CHANCE; GOOD .'UPRIGHT CHEAP
SCHMITZ. IB McAllister, next Hlbemla Bank
AT bH KRAI AN, CLAY <fc CO.'a uNLY~\\ ILL
yon find a stock of new »teinway jiianos. - : ' '•
Wi.. BAWii.lt ISU..K a ■ KST i'oti HALLKT
f .<t Davis and Francis Kacou pianos. 415 >>acto. '.
BYKOflf aiALZY. il)» lv »!' ST.—^OHALiLxJ,
Newov _ Kvanv Arises and other pianos. „ , ,.
. 41 UPKRIOK VIOLINS, ZlTUf.ttH, OLD* NEW
OH. ML i. LEU, maker, repnirer. 3 Latham place. '
:.-. .;;.--'•; '-■ -PURSOSAM.^
MISS PEARL HARRISON, FORMERi/Y 223
Fost St., removed to 12 ji/a Geary, room 2. ■
IKS ELVIE WILSON. 122 POST ST.. PAR-
lor 9, second floor, card-reader.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT <>f MAR-
XJ ringe; legal everywhere: terms and payments
obliging. Addresi locitbox F, 1538 Market St.,
Sin Francisco, Cul. . "r ■ ■ ..
t DVICE FRKK:. DIVORCE LAWh A SPEC-
J\ laity; private; no fee v.ithout success.' pro-
hate, ' insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
maces, etc. private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE. j»i:yat-!aw. «50 Market,cor.Btockta
"\rODNO WIDOW DESIRES TO MEKT EAST-
-1 era gentleman; object, business investment.
Room S 223 Post. St. ■ . ■ . .;«^i ?? : .
AYE YOUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock, no dope or fish oil; rooms papered 82
up wiiiteneci,Slso up papered, grained, varnished,
$5 up. AMBKOSE & SCHAAF, 1029 Kearny st.
QPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OK SEASON IN
0 handresslng and manicuring begins Monday,
April 26: half races civen. Up-To-Date Parior"-,
102S Market St.. over The wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
TEIULITY AND IMPOTENCY
(ail. cases), all fo ms of seminal and leucor-
rhceal diseases and weakness permanently cured
b\ ; a tourse o? DX. c-MI I H'.s ELECTRO-MAG-
NETIC BaTHS; very little exp-ns' too: hygienic
board, sunny rms. SANITARIUM, IS33 Buchanan.
1 nCNKENNKS^- CURES GUARANTEED.
XJ Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. ; 26 Page St., B. F.
PABINETI BATHS FOR LADIES AND
\J gents. ALICE FAY, 128 Seventh St., top fla .
\ RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOURHAIR-
i\ dresser? Have you tried Lderer? My nalr-
dressin,' coats only 25c for any style (only one
) rice), aud is easily the . best -' 111 town; swi.ches
run from $1 to $3; blenching roots of hair, 50c;
restoring giav or Dleached hair, from «1 5!) to $5.
<>. Ll-,D*-;KL'H. 11l Stockton SU
ELKCTUICITY IS LIFE." ' ~ ~*
XJ spinal complaints, weak and lame backs
I cured as w.-ll as RHEUMATISM, at Di:.
SMITH'S ELI CTKO-MAGNETICB > THS; don't
put it off, but <.ome to-day: sure cure: hygienic
board. ; SANIT.x lUi'M, 1533 BUCHANAa ST.
FACIAL BUMISIIK-, WKI.\KLE>, SMALL-
pox p:ttiii'.« aid superfluous hair removed by
latest diecuvery; suuken eyes and cheeks filled
out; luiclntS'* cured. MRS. E. KING, 5*4 Sutler.
MME. MYRTLE POTIEK REMOVED FROM
1862 Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
VINE BLACK (-UIT; $12 60. MiSFITCLOTH-
X. ing parlors. 513 Montgomery su
1/W|[i BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $1 50;
IUUU wending v.ork. HILL, 22V'« Geary st.
HOME, A jf'RIE.ND AND MOTHER'S CAKK.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 b.lghth su. Alamedsk
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
X tailoring: lowes: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH (.hEVE.N'S OPKKa SCHOOL FUR-
nishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the professional sage, ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building, .M. rket and Jones, rooms 1.1 and 122.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DMTKCTIVE
It service. Rroms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
MlhS JESSIE AND LIZZIE KEEUAN.LATE
with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, dyeing
and. bleaching « specialty. 1.'4-Vi O'Farrell St.,
phone Brown 353.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENT^; $1
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
MAGNISCOPE — NEW i KOJKCTINO MA-
chine; us-s the kinetoscope lllms: price re-
duced. $150 BACIGALI PI, 946 Market
BIG OUTDOOR bTKRtOPTICON >HOW EVE-
ry nigh-, cor. &larKet and Sixth sts.; artistic a.l-
vertisemerr.^ '.n living light; promoters of bust-
i.ess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
I>ARTIN(JTON'« CCHOOL Oi- \MaU\ZINE
J find Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine su: UlnstratioU4 :ui-uisnaJi
lor magazines, newspapers, etc.
UPTUKE ANUPILJiS CURED: NO PA i
until cured: send for book. DRS. Ua.N»
HELD <t PORTKKFIELD. b3H Market si. .
EL i . CTRIU LIUHI.-j IN KVKKY ROOM
Winchester House. 44 Third pL. nr. Market:
100 rooms. iSfta to $1 to per night: $1 50 to 86' pet
week; free bus and baggage 10 and from the terry
(U.UAKS. KL'KSA.. .' Slll^ RETAILED -■•
\J wholesaK* prices >nrtor\-. 20 hansoms c
DRESSMAKEBS.
DRESSES 52 LJ': CAPES $1 UP; WRAP
pers 50c up 431 Minna st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
]>OOMS CROWDED
■ AND EVERYBODY SATISFIED.
TELLS FULL NAME. . •
ASKS "NO QUESTIONS.
MRS. NASH, ' '
- CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM. °>-
This celebrated m«-dium, me clairvoyant of all
clnirvpyunts, who sees li all, tells you all and In-
stantly rives you peace »nl happiness 1 never
ask a question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, names' ln full of an that you are inter-
ested in, all dates, f tots. etc. I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cle* are in your way and how to remove thi-m
How to make the b*-st of your talents and pros-
per. How to get money. I -find lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering Into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away .■ vii spells, stumbling blocks, bad luck aud
habits, ana overcome all evil woiks, rivals ami
enemies. I never fall. - I have brought about
more happiness than all oth«r nredinms. -others
are be helped: why not you? If you are going to
feu v medium, why no. see the very beat? It costs
no more. Not 1 1111; to be paid in advance, und .If
not entirely satisfactory nothing at all. Do you
deslr- anything fairer than that? Residence, 4 ;0
Eddy su, between leavenworth and Hyde. Office
hours: 9a. m. to 8 p M. > C-^ •
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B.— No signs. \ Permanently located. ' .
I WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
>» ■- . HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPKS?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life; she gives you valuable ADVICE
»nd AID In ail affairs of life, of private us well as
of business nature as, lor in<tance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested ills, Divorce. l>ama<e Suits. Claims.
I Journeys, speculations, Mining, etc. •
she discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sicknes* misfortune: recon-
I ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
I Every person it adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or trade, which may justly be term-
ed t net tru<» vocation, and yet more tiian ha!f of
you (ire fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
: «'» 1 1 1 1 : • - and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation.
Office hours. 9 to 6 dally and >unday. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. l)rt.
F. CLARK, 1206 Market su, San Francisco.
MISS VAN DE VERE, CELEBRATED PALM-
Ist, trp.nce medium; if there is anythlnc you
wish to know, any aeslroo: your heart, ungratifi' d,
consult one whose .power hit* my stifle . the most
SKt-piical; she not only possesses the unborn sift
of 8«ul c.'alryoyaney, but studied for years with
masters in occultism, and guarantees satisfaction:
"Napoleonic" charms . make you infallible in love
and business. ' 1 Fifth St., parlors 1, 3 and 3a.
MX. DX THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC: REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells sot ire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: | Both*
Ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee »1: letter $2. 029 Post st. nr Larltln.
\t ME. REMIER INVITES SKEP: ICS; WoN-
i'l oeif nl clairvoyant and psychological palmist.
516 Jones st. • •
MX. MELBOURNE, GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced. 419
Geary »l. room 22, second floor: 25c and 50c. "
RS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth St.; water readings specialty.
.\i ME. RAVKXA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
l'l business advice; names given; 25c up.s Fourth.
ME.»; PEARL RAYMOND. FROM ; THE
I*l East; magnetic treatments. 7 Grant ay., rs.7-8.
GYPSY' LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 25c, gents COc; all questions answered.
MM*;. MORE AU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 25c op. 764 Howard st.
XI ME. BYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
i»i grave ;plctures given ; ladles 914 o'Farrell.
"} SPIRITUALISM. '• ;
/CALIFORNIA HYPNOTIC INBTITTJTE-
.V/. Test -circle to-night: Mm--. Mu'zer and Dr.
iickrpf, the hypnotist: 10c , 1346 Market St. - ■
MME. YwfNG'STKSTS-CIKCLfc TO-NIGHT,
10c. 418 McAUliter; convincing tests. «
MRS. MATERIALIZING BEANCE
ic-nlght; 60c: sittings daily. 31 oil at.
M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. - 118 Halght st.: hours 9 until 6 p. m.
RS. MAYO STEERS. 1 12 2 OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, Kr. m, Thursday, 2 p. m ; readings.
- ■ - ;,-.. . — * ■
MRS. C. J. MEYER— I KSTCIK. !)'aNDBP.M.;
tests toall;.loc: ; slUiiiK3. 326 McAllister st.
REMOVAL — FRED EVANS,- THE Si.ATK-
XV writing medium, Is now located at 1122 Market.
RS. J. J. \ HITNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st-
:{ ; , hYp> OTIS3I. vs. * ;
HYPNOTISM CUKES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls: aJ«o lantern. Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
.-.' PKOFESsioyAi. cakdls. \
>- OHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES., BOOMi
O 2H and 27, Crocker fciuioiu*; Ml»vUOiMI MM*
55, Can Francisco, Cai.
.. , .. ; . CITY - REAL -■ estate; : rr;
CC BEMIS, I t ' -'H." -■
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTOOMEiIY ST.
: - ' FOR SALE. ; ''■-■'■
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.: close
"to electric road. -. ' ? '• ? - * .
(450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet. •
. $8700—50x127 :8 feet on Jacksoa bt.. overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. r • - .<
$5300—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 15x137:6 tttti electric road passes houses;
make offer, it-i
JBsoo— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north .of park. . ■ ■
•; Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. aud C st- : 109x95 ft.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS NEW HOUS SAM
X Goiigh at., near Broalwey; contains 8 looms
anil bath- - ail the la.est improvecieuis; prlc»
000; on easy terms. '
EW HOUSE; 4 ROOMS; BATH; LOT 2^X
i.i 100: close to Mission cars; easy payments;
only *15 per month. 26 Cuvier, De Bo m Tract.
©1 Qnn WILL BUILT; COTTAGE. 4KOOMB
«jTI»>UU and bath, including : lot 25x100: not
f.<r from City all; $200 cash, balance same as
rent. W. W. kEDNaLL, owner, 1326 Hayes St.
Oil A \(\(\ NEW. SUBSTANTIAL. MODERN
•Ir'it''J". park homes: up to date in every de-
tail; contain parlor, dining-room. kitchen,
pantry, 3 bedrooms, bath, 2 furnished attic
rooms, hard fin.she.i basement; fine plumbing; 3
elegant mantels; fine nut fixtures; marble steps;
Urge lot ; sunny side of Fr<der.ck su, near Man-
yen. Take any parK line to >tanyan St., wak 2
blocks south; owner and builder on premises.
Hfc°nrin EAr-TLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
tJJ" Owv/U, St., nr. Castro; • 5 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly morwaeed:
mortgise can remain if desired; good neighbor-
hood; place not large enough for present owner.
App y BHIUDEN <t TURNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer.
{••KAa NA i O.MA-ST. OF THREE
(Jt)lUu. fla.s; rent $30: always rented; lot
25x75. . - ■ - :
43200— Clementina St.: story house, 8 rooms,
rent reduced to B>2J; lot 25x80.
These properties must hr sold to close an estate:
no it-asouable offer will be refused. Inquire 714
Natomasu No agents.
i OR SALE OR TO LEr-3-SiTOKY HOUSE,
! T 315 ijucrrero st ; formerly Uansen D em;
' and Cleaning Works: steam po-.ver; well and
pump: s able. 5 stalls: 40x112: easy terms; :<p-
i ply on premises, Ito4 p. M. ; also colt agi-, 5 rooms
, and bath, 302 Second aye., near Clemen: st.
ftnc 6 LOTS ON 10TH AYE. AND O ST.,
tir jLO. south San Francisco; title clear; terms
easy. Apply V. E. GIULINU, 613 Mission si.
q> ; nn CASH, BALANCE SAMK AS RENT,
tiP '.'\J\J for new house; sinny sido of Co c St.,
near Waller: size 01 10t .25x125; contains b rooms
and all modern improvements. : ■;.-;-.,
PROPKKTY TO EXCHANGE.
E^ChXn"e~FO~K~CIT V , OAKLA^lToiTAliA-
medn. will pay equal difference, 48u acr>-s, San
Lui3 Obispo County: all cu.n be cultivated; 250
acres lev.-i; price $2750. y ..-■ ' C
ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE, FINK
\J Steams lady's wheel; cheap. Devany CV-
clery, Stanyau s . r!HPIP Wfff^tMj
MONIil! TO LOAN.
I IBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
Xj elry. etc.: low interest. Cut-rate Loan oinve,
j r. 7, Flood bide, 809 Market: lei. brown lyl. .
A LOANS on yuan itdke UK pianos.
. In S. F.. Oakland or AJameda. at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 -Uiasiou si., above ttUtu.
telephone Jessie 41. BKHJB
IGHLY REsPKCTABLK AND PRIVATE
HIGHLY KEsPKCTAKLK AND I'KiVATK
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 943 Murkei St.: telephone. Green 204.
Ql'-?r»n (\l\li AT 61^ PKB CENT ON CITY
«J5 OUU. UUV' real estate; also Oakland: estate*,
; life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills bnildluc;, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, ZD OK 6L> JiUUTHAUJCi
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
late: furniture end pianos without remove
UcCOLUAN. 24. Montgomery St.. room S.
;\UHl r PA HIGH INT. ON .s-MALL LOANS?
■ • We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $10i)
on Sd mortgage: any security. . Uold, box 4, Call.
C-O«)X ||ft{|Al' BANK Kate-*: wta'mj
<I)OZifJ.UVvI 2d mortcasres. estates.' rents, etc. ■
lend as low as f 5O. H. MURPHY. 62-1 Markets;.
ON FURNITURE; VKKY LOW JNTKREisT;
no commission. KCRIBXKK. 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY ESTATE:
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Piae St., r. 3.
d 1 AIi.OOO ON LIKE INSURANCE POLICIES
i3)IU low Interest. JOS. B. IOPLITZ. 3»J Pine.
r, ~ i\ -\ o fiO.OOO; LuWESX RATii; IST &. 2D
S- ■ i\ tcortg. ; any proposition, RATS; IST Mont
O\J rrortg. : any proposition. L'ryaen. 413 Mont
ANY SUM, I>.T OK 2ND MOKTO.vUEs. ES-
tufa in probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California. »U
ONJ 'FURNITURE AND PiANOS; No RK-
moval; low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
N PIANOS AND FURNITURE. "WITHOUT
removfJr very low Interest. 116 McAllUter st.
'__
kIXAXCIASf.
Iir ASTL'D-TO BORROW $7000 ON FURNI-
»V ture Address STRAND & RICHARD.-,
1118 Market st. : ■:••.
ANTED- EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
II list d or unlisted stocks. g>id, silver- and
quartz bought and assayed. F. EPHUAIM CO.,
6:S Market su, opp. I'aiacu <> el. S. F.
JJIEDICAI..
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY* SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restore-t in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: beat care and
privacy: regular physician; 80 year*' successful
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every case puaranteed:ooa-
saltation free, confiden la.: houri 10 to 6; pills
MRS. DR. WVKTH, 91b Post St.. near Larkin. "
Di:. J. H. JO.-SELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offer.l his valuable ! services to the on-
iortnna'.e. With a mind ma.ured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect core. Ladles, he is always ready
to awls', you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. So case peculiar
to your C, organism Is beyond bis sure con-,
trol. His feniaie monthly remedies are sure and
cafe in their effect*. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, ana are warranted for both youn< and old.
lie excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure la ell cases. Consultation parlors, aud
Market st. Call or w rim direct to SOU Mturkdt «*:.,
rooms 1 1 and 12.
A" PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM
Jess; never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no m otter what cause: no electricity hum-
ting or other dangerous methods; money In every
cose refunded it a cure Is no: • effected: | travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home in
I confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister su. next HlbernU
Bank: hours. 9 a. M. to 5 and 1 to S p. if.
ALL LADIES USE
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
< An infallible cure. For further particulars call
or send 2c stamp to PacinV Coast Agency.
RiSNARD MEDICAL CO., 32» Spreckels build-
ing, 927 Market su, S. F., Cal.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hoars when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
iidvloe free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY. Had
Market st.v over the Owl Drugstore. . .
» NJiW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
J\. strumeut vied: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day; tan be sent
and used' a; home: positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: auv other is
imitation, worthless- DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny.
DR. FOULBT'S FRENCH CAP-ULEB — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e dls-
ease.t (no matter wnxt rau*?): positive y safe and
sure: no danger or after effects; taken in lime It
also ao s as a preventive; price $150 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of prlae. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye. . : - -r
DR. AND MBS. WKGENER. 626 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for tiavelers: lest cure; terms moderate; babies
adopted in good Janiiliea; consultation tree; pills Si
BSi GOODWIN SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
incase cr complaint; home for pa tie . best skill.
free diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. - 401 Van Nesi
- A LFEAU-S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
A. dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure; 32 60 ex press C O. D.; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland :Cii.
A SURE CURE IOK ALL FEMALE Dis7
.- V eases from whatever caus#; •'» • homo in con-"
finement with every' comfort; satisfaction! guar-
anteed by MRS. UWYJCR, 226 Turi St. ■j . ;■■
A LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
ix eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. BCOTT?»,'4IO Geary st ;, consultation free.
U PKAK-i FEMALE KK.UULATINii PILLS:
safe and efficient, rmmenasogue': $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drugg;sts,'4o6 Clay et-soloagts.
Nf-URPAMsED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, diseases. MKs.Dxt. P D ETZ, 254y 4th.
i ,R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, XxuA^i
J ' Jones. Diseases of women ana chlldrea.
. STORAGE. " " [ '-' '
REDUCKD RATES, FURNITURE, PIANOS?
IX householu tooda, etc, J. al. PIERCE, .735 Mkt.
' tOISTRY REAL ESTATE.
IOT FOR " SALE— S9OO; 223x171; NEAR
J Lake Merritt, East Oakland. Particulars 63£
Mar fit st., room 5. : .
>)<^(\ ACRKS GOOD UNIMPROVED LAND
*-<- " In Tuolumne; also 160 acre, In Mariposa;
wood and water; cheap for cash. a. BRUHNKiv
1714 Polk St. t .
& irWkf. FOR SALE — 80 ACRES LAND
«I!tUuV/. near Santa ! Cruz; 40 • acres cinti-
v.'ited, 40 pasture and timber: house 16 rooms:
suitable for • summer resort; , orchard, carriage, j
horses, cattle, luipl-m'eiits:: plenty water; also 'M '
acres, suitable for chlckeu ranch, for $1000. 10C9
Mission st., S. F. .'■•;•■
A REAT BARGAINS IN LAND; $35 PER
acre; small aces; improved and unimproved;
Alameda Co tor details write to H. J. DIGGLES,
69 Columb a building.. Market St., f. F.
1 /i-ACRE ORCHARD, MOSTLY' CHERRY-
- I '' bear! ax, on san Lea ndro electric road. e;e-
gant house, barn, good well water, for sale; a bar-
gain: will subdivide if necessary. B. FASaLER,
San Leantiro.
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HOil S A SPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
bunoniu. Cal. .
1l»TO$80; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•v! c l\i unimproved land: terms losnis: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bid*.
TTIOR CHEAP LAND AND SJIAU;i.MPfiOVED
JP ranches, near town, write to W. L. FOSTER,
Kelseyville, Lake County, Ca •
£•' AN ACHE: 1280 ACRES TIMBER; GOO
«Ir«J for stock or fruit: plenty water. S.. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL iSTATE.
FOR SALE.
'-■■" 113 ACRES, 3y 2 MILES FROM ;
OAKLAND
All tillable land, well adapted to fruits; now
rented to dairy at ,$6O per mouth.
HOUSE, BAR. >:, KTC.
Price only 9200 per acre: terms to suit.
APPLY WILLIAM J. DIN«EK, 460 and 462
Eighth si., Oakland. : :'V .
FOR SaLK.
Centrally located manufacturing site: lot 166 x
132; corner Firs:, and I inaen sis., ■ :-i ;
OAKLAND.
On main lino of railroad »nd convenient to city
wharf; price only 6000; $1000 cash, balance on
long time. Apply to
, WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Real Estate, ' =■
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
2-STOKY ROADHOUSE IN GOOD CONDI-
~ tion, with several rooms, bedroom, barro .m,
large dining-room, nicely furnished: nice garden,
summer-houses; uooJ loci;ion for ho. el or sum-
mer resort. Apply Call Oil! c.
SACRIFICE— .MOD RN 7- ROOM COTTAGK;
0 1 bock of A shny station; on y *160 U. M. L.
WURT&, opp. Dwisht-way station, Bereeiey.
<C/tX(\ CHICKEN- RANCH; 4V 3 ACRES:
tit/". 400 chickens, horse, < agon, cow, etc.
Apply J. H. BAPTIST, 319 X my st. .
(&- CASH, $5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
<Jp«' upward; out of 33-acrs Ailemiale Tract, Kist
Oakland hut 72 lots unsold: will I uild you a. 4
an.l 6 room cotta c (modern) from $300 to $900.
including lot: payment as rent; site, clinme and
soil superb; 3 electric roads «nd fine school near:
conveyance free. 459 Mnth st , bet. Broadway
and VV bshington, Oakland. H. Z. JONEs, Owner.
BUY A HOUME AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
Fruitvale; only a minute's walk to the station;
see the owners at their office in Fruitvule for bar*
Rains BaSSi- 'IT BROS.. Frui. vale station.
Q> I />/» EACH. 4 LOTS M .-.LKOSE STATION
fjp i \i\J Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 •> week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
B.oadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICK, Hi-JALIHFITL HOMIOHITK
X while prices are iow: lots $100 to $150 at
Fitch burs, beyond Fruitvale; the Dest< property
for investment now offered: local trains anil
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 43 to
San Francisco: splendid climate, on: of damp
belt: soil excellent tor gardening; very best water
iacilUles; good school; terms to suit. Before buy-
lcg In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. HUNKLE. fclsVa Washington «., upstairs,
room 28, Oakland, Cal. . ,
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
f|?OR« RENT— FURNISHED HOUSK OF 12
V. rooms on heights adjoining Oakland: 10 min-
utes walk. from broad and . narrow guage depots:
45 minutes to San KraiicUco; rent lor 3, b or 12
months. HERON & H OL.COM B. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED BOOMS. j
_ . • I
T AKGE SUNNY RO MS: GALINDO HOTEL,
1 ■• Oakland; Doarri optional. Bth su, off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
<£9Ann cottage of 4 rooms and
•— vM'U- bath: large Hot: choice neighbor-
hood; 1 block from station: $100 cash and #-0
per month. JOSEPH A. LEONARD CO., 1384
Park at., .-\lamcdu.
..ARGAJN: ALAMEDA COUNTY: 30 MILES
I ' from city; choice land; :rult, hay, grain, veg-
etables, witU living i ui-'-.: fib to $35 per acre.
11. J.DIGGLEis. 69 Columbian building S.K.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SNAP FOR A SMALL FAMILY— HOUSE OF
4 rooms: lot 35x1 fine windmill and tank;
splendid water; price 9900. O. G. MAY « CO.,
Berkeley, Cal.
YEW MODKRN 6-ROOM I OTTAGE; BaTH,
i-\ mante . Dantry, laundry ,'ntabie, chicken-house:
sewered. •■:..■(.•.; n -ar Ktatlun: lot 40x100; 91500:
will exchange. W. C MORAN, i-or!n. or F.
BUEGLIS. Golden Gate.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-KOOM HOUSE: BATH AND
ga*: reasonable for summer. 2122 Bancroft
way. Berkeley. ■ , :
LOST.
LOST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
Jj ma Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco, in the name- of Joun N. . Whyilaw,
No. 116.082. The nnder will please reiura to
bank. . , %
OSr— A PASSBOOK WIIHTHEHIBERNIA
LOSI-A PASSKdOK WIIH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
In the name of HUGH DONoJiOF, No. 148,678.
The riuder will please return to bank. :
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
J-J nia Savings au4 Loan r-ocipty of San Fran-
cisco, in tlie name of NELLIE H.OLDEN, No.
176709. The fludor will please return to bank. -
(JTj-r REWARD— BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND;
«Jp«J white breast; license 1637. 641 Ca ifornla.
i OS r— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNI A
J i Savings and Loan Society of San Fraucisco, in
the name of CLARA WEYMOUTH ; No. 202,351.
The finder will please return o bank.
DENTISTS.
VAN VRUOM & CO.'S KLECTRO- DENTAL
Parlors, G97 Market st. : lady attendant: no gas
or other dangerous xnaesthetics given; electric ty
the great agent used to relieve pain : teeth tilled ■
ana extracted painlessly by our , new electrical
process: a j written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices, best work; all surgical work
attended by G. W. Williamson, M.D., physician
and surgeon: examination free by the use -: our
new electrical appliances; porcelain and gold
crowns: brldge-woik and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro- Parlors, 997 Market st.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR- :
V. ket, 3d and 4th; gais imperialists; painless
extracting, with gas, 91; ptaies, $7 up: fill, SI up.
IjiULLSKT OF TKETIi, $7: WARRANTED i
J^ years: palnles* extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made:
warranted 10 years: fillings. 50c; crowns, V.i 50.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLOUS, 24 Sixth street
fl> 7 ULL SKT TEKTHr ' BfcsT MAKB;
.*s>'"• kept i i repair; exiracttag free; niMngs.oOc;
crown.i, $3 60. - Pacific - lit- otal Parlors, | It* Third.
ETOF TEETH WITHOUT. A PLATE. DB
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk St. • . * .. '
POSITIVKLY PA IN I.KSi KXTRACTIOX, UK
X HARDING, iOObutter cor. Powell: tel.
DX. J. J.LEKK.,II2ti MARKET ST. OPES,
evenings: .Sundays til! noon, dentistry taught
(^ULTO-S UKM'AL AS.-OCIA iJON. SU6 ~UUtI
\J ket st. ". DR. CHARLK-. ,W. DEcKBlt. , i,
(S»7 A bET *"OR 'li'.Ki'K— warranted A*
<S> • foodascaa be made; tilling 91 l'R -i.l ii*
centlst. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.'
UAINLKSS- J..XTRACIION, 60c : v CROWN
X nrMge work ■ specialty: plates 95 uT>: ISyear*
experience. > R. L. -WALSH, L\D.Sx. 815&4 Uearr
fl \H. LUDLUM IiIUU 14trfllXRXl!.T bT, N«.
XJ Eleventh; no charge lor extracting vrhea
: pistes are made: old plain made over lu-j new;
leeth iron) 43 pec set: extracting 60c: gas given. •
DX i.hli:iUK W. LEEK. THK UIiNUINU
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge ■? work or i teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to '<t\HJ i'urrellis.
LL . WORK " liX AbONABLK AM' WAtt"
ranteo. vs. J. W. j£SE,Y, 1320 ilarKOi M. ';.}-%
... - ....... -■;■■■ HORSES. ■;■' : i '
cheap, on At count of
O departure; suitable for lady. M., box 75, Call.
OR SALE— THE FINEST SADDLE HOK>ES
FOR SALE— THE FINEST SADDLii HOK>EB
and Shetland ponies In the city. DaIZ.KL.
60S Golden Gate aye. v . ■ , '
•r ( i HORSES FOB SALE: WAGONS AND
Of harness, atcar stables. 721 Howard st. ; anc-
tion every Tuesday.
UCTION SALES KVEKY. SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, busgies, wagons, harness
etc Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., -%
WATKIN>. anctionter. : ' * *
A(\ HORSES FOR SALK; ALSO WAGONS,
"v boggles, carLs, harness: Grand Arcade Jlorsj
Market, 827 Sixth St.: auciioa sales every W«»>i-
nesday. - bULLIV'AN it hoi LX. Anciioneers.
TEIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
-Li of g«o<l harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for loss money than you can buy Eusterd
trash; scud for catologu<-. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
CA HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
UUbusines<i 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-st. car
stable*. 1301 'I'nrk: lentil of lan-» vounu mules.
Additional Classified Advertise*
, ments on Page 1 1.
31A1UUAGK IACKSscIi.
! The following marriage licenses ' bays been
liiaed b>- the County clerk's office: .
; ■■ Horace XV. M< ffi t and Flora B Brem*r,C6— 2l.
H. M. Thorntou ana jeainieitc Powell, 27— 19.
Louis Chan QnaC and M«rl» .1 Lwrrecou. -3-20.
BIBTiiS— MARRIACES— DEATiIsT
[Birth, :nariia~e and dea:h notices seat br m v'.t
will not le Inserted. Taey must be handed In a:
either of tha pub'.icat!o!i offices and beindorsai
with the name and residence or per4Oai authoruji
to have the a .aie publisiif 1. 1 :*J"-"^
BOX.V.
LINTNER— In Soutn San Francl-co. April 25.
1897, to the wife oi Charles W. Limner, a daugh-
ter. -■
\UR-In this city. April 30, 1837, to the wife of
Jacob J. Mahr, a daughter.
PKTTKE-In this city, April 29, 1897, to the wife
of Alex Pettee. Aduurhtfr. "
HAHiiLtlO.
HIGGINS— HIESTKR— In this city, April 30,
1897. at the residence of Mm. A. C. Hlester, by
the Rev. Dr. Spaidlng. Robert P.. liWirins of
The Needles, Cal., and Marguerite Hlester of
San Frauctsco.
STARK-SHINCKK-In this city, April 28, 1597,
nt fie residence* of tbe bride. i>v the Rev. Dr. E.
R. Dille. George W. Stark and Ida Alice Shlucke,
both of Saa t'ranclsjo.
VKR3RIDGE— MIRANDA— In this city, April
28. 1897. by the Rev. Dr. E. K. Dille, David
Verbridge Jr. of Oakland. Cal., and May Mirau-
■ da of Norn T>rne«eal. cal.
DIED?"
Alles. Miss Jennie i Nacengast, Jacob
Bennett. Elizabeth ! Nelion, Gustav "
Bo»lev, Frank H. '• Nesbltl, Joseph R.
Brandt, Susannah Rich, Louis M. .
Bryant, Jonn Sell mac her. Sarah . .'
Buneniaon, Melvin J. i-chust#r, Joseph F. ■ '
Downes, *;ilen Sbaricey. Lawrence
Franetta, <-eor^e Tit- may, Patrick
.lo'insi>a, Tessie Webs.er. Charles ' .
. Misslia, l'eter ; Wrage, Marie
ALLES— In this city, April 27. 1897. Mis» Jennie
Alles, a native of California, a :cJ 24 years.
BENNETT— In this city. April 29, 1897. at
her residence, 32 Morris avenue, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Joseph Bennett, mother of.'
M aggie and Mabel Bennett, daughter of Richard
and the lair? laar* J. Magee. ana sisierof Mr*.
H. K. Harrison, Mrs. I'— fc. Case and. Marshall.
Joan. Richard Wcsiey and «eorze Magee. a na-
tlve of Sonoma. <. al., a?i«J .'6 years 1 month and
2 da' g. i Kingston (Canala) papers mease copy.
. Hit' i'ru.-i, :■, and scoualntanccs are res too-
fully invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m . from Mlzpab Pres-
. bterii.li Cnurch. Harrison street, near Fifth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOWLEY— In this city. April 28, 1897, FranK H..
beloved husband or Laura liowley, a native or
Chelsea, Mais., a;ed 40 year 3.
BRANDT— In the City and County Hospital, April
30 1897, fujinnaii Brand:, aged 45 year*.
BRYANT— In this city, April 28. 1897, Jonu. be-
loved husband of .Marina B. Bryant, father of
: John •.•ant, arid uncle of Wllilnm Rodda and
Bert Bryant, a native of England, aged 63 years
5 u;oikj!s and la days. . [Virginia City papers
- please copy. |
'■ Mendj an! acaaalntances are r«soao-.
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORUO
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from ■ the par-
lors or James Hagnn , 445 Valencia str>>e;.
Remains at 3U4 Thirteenth street. Lear MU&ion.
Interment Laurel Hi.. Cemetery.
BUN EM A NN-Iu this city, April 30. 1897. Mel-
' yin J., beloved son of Will anJ Fannie Bune-
- maun, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 mouths
ami 1 gar.
jC3~lntermeni private. '
DOWNES— In thU citf . April 30, 1897. Ellen, be-
loved wile of Charles Downes, a native or Aus-
tralia. a?ed 43 years and 2 days, | Brooklyn
(N. V.) paper* p'.easo copy. J
J&B" Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully Invilea to at'en 1 me funeral T')-MOIIKO
(Sunday), at 9. o'clock a. m., from late resi-
dence. IS Klizabe.h street. Nmea Valencia
ana Guerrero, 'l wouty-thlrd and 'i'wenty-fourib,
li.ence to St. James CburCh. wuer* a so. emu
' requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose o.'
her soul, commencing at 9:31) o'clock a. h. In-
. terment Holy Cross cemetery.
FRANETTA— In Guatemala. Central America,
. April 25. 1897. George Fraa^tta. a native of Saa
i Francisco, aged 25 years 11 mouths aud 20 days.
JOHNSON-ln this rlty. April 30, 1397. Te«aie
Johnson, beloved daughter of Mrs. Emma Cook,
an 1 stater of Sadie Johnson, a nu'ive of Califor-
nia, a*ed 29 yen.™ 2 months and 21 cays.
Miss. TA— la ml* city, April 29. 1897, Pe:er Mis-
sita. beloved cousin of John Mlsslta, a native of
Herceeovlna. Austria, age.l 19 years. .' '
' ftTFrien.;- and acquaintances are rcsner-.-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. ■.. from the par-
lor* of j. L. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
inence to Russian Church, Powell stree:, be-
tween Union and Filbert, for services, lntsr-
men: Green Cemetery.
NAGENGAST— In OaKland, April 28, 1897, Jacob
Nacengast, a native of Germuuy. agsd 64 years.
NELSON— In this city, April 30. 1897, Gustav,
beloved husband of HuU'.a Nelson, am father of
Alice Nelson, a native of Sweden, aged 30 years
9 months ana 26 days. . ■•'•"
j^Tßemains at the parlors of L Llpman A
Co.. Sid Sutler street. . ■ ■ -.. n
NESBITT— In this city, April 29. 1897, Joseph
Ko.iie, beloved son of J. R. and lizzie Nesoitt,
grandson of Mrs. A Smiles, and nephew of J. R.
and W. T. Nesbiti and Dosla and J. and Mary J.
iles. a native of ban Franc ijco, aged 3 yean
10 months and 29 days. 3 , ; (,u . .o _, % ■ _.
Our love, our hope, our joy, be at rest, .' 'J"".
. Among the angels la heaven find spirits of
trie blessed. - !; is Parents.
RTCH-In this city. April 30. 1897. Louis M.,
. deerly beloved sou of the la:e Henry- M. and
Mary A. Rich, and brother of Mr*. Marcia Me-
Fadden and Edward M. Rich, a native o.' San
Francisco, aged 25 yearj 4 months and 21 days.
SCHUMACHER— In this city, April 29, ls«7. =
Sarah, beloved wife of Henry D. Schumacher,
' mother of Florence, May and Henry I>. schu- ,
znacuer Jr.. and sister of John and William
Crockard, Mrs. James Johnston, Mrs. James
Grotto and Frank and Esther Crockhrd, a native
of San Francisco, Bged 31 years 6 mouths and 7
days. Past Grand councilor pf Bradford (.outt* -.
ell No. 190. O. C. F.
Kg" Friends' and acaaalntances ore rpsos*'-
fully Invited to attend the 'unerai TO-MORROW
(Sunday), 'at 2 o'clock p. if., from her i.v«
residence. 4013 Eighteenth street, between Horn
and Caacro. : Interment I. O. O. F. Ceraetsry.
CHOSEN FRlEND^— Officers and members of
.Bradford Conncli No. 160. Chosen Friends: You
. are hereby notified to assemble at Masonic; Hull,
Fourteeuth ana Railroad avenues. South San
' Francisco, TO-MOKKOVV . (Sunday), at 1:80
o'clock p. it. sbnrp, to attend tbe funeral of our
late past grand councilor. Mrs. Sarah Schu-
macher. By order, MRS. ZIMM.-.RMaN, 8?c.
SCHUSTEK-In itils cit7, April 29, 3897, Joseph
X , beloved husband of Fllominia Schuster, and
.father of Joseph P., i.ydla, Benjamin, Annie and
William Scbustfr, a native of Germany.
' jW.\d:ici) of funeral ;i'jr;a'c»-
-BHARKKY-In this city. April 29. 1897, Law-
rence, beloved husband of tbe late .Mary s::ar-
key, and lather of Mr*. M. J. May and L. P.
Sharks, a native of . County Wic»l iroLand,
a«e-t 7.1 years. [Chicago parjers please copy. '
; ■- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. y Invited to attend me funeral TttlH uaY
.(Saturday),. at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the rei •
• det.ee of ujs daughter. Mrs. M.J. May, 151 Cull-
fornia avenue. theiic-f to • St. .Paul's Church,
! where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated tor the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy cross
Cemetery.. _ '.-tV' . .■ . . . ,'..
•TIERNSY-In this city. April 30, 1597. Patrick,
beloved husband of s binna Tlerney. a native of
the parish of Kilmadal^, County Gal way, Ire-
land, .t^<-d>>s year*. [
S3~ Friends "and acqtialntance* are ra^Dec'.-
. foil v invited to attend in? funeral TO-MORROW
• (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from his late
" resideuce, S 230 • Chenery street, thence to . fat.
Paul's Church for services.. ■ _ . "• .
'WK3STER--IP this city, [April 2 6/1397. Charlej
" Uebst-r, ana'-iveo! New Yam, »gcd 5.7 -' years.
WRAGE-In tbls cl:y. Ai*ril : 80. 1897. Marie, be-
loved wife of John 1 VV rage, -and mother of Jo-
hanna. \\"ra;e, a ■ native dr. Germany, agei Vi
years 7 months and 'i days.
Friends . and acquaintance* are respec -
fully invited to at end the tnneral TOMORROW"
. (Sunday), at 'i j o'clock p. m.., from her late resi- ,
dence. 341 Fourth avenue, nitbmond." Inter-
iii • i, I. o. O-. *■'. Cemetery. •
™" ' ? " WtcAVOYTdTcALLACHiR^ "
FtJXERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
,- . : - Telephone South 80. : .'*~,
.' NOTICE.— THE OF MiAVOI
* GAItAi.H R will be conducted ; at the
• s:and. No,2o.Fifth sts»-et,.for the -Lentri;
of the widow of ; the : late ' Hi-NKY J. > GALLAG- •
. HER and his Bitter, MISS ANNIE K. GaLJ-AG-
HUR. •' I)KS.H.J. GA LAGHi^R.,
. , *r ' : ANNIE B. GALLAGHKR.
MOUNT -OtIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST lIE.MK.
tery to the city; nou-scctarlan: in no sense ex*
elusive: location unexcelled. Gtiico'bW7 M»r>«+
■uv«i, souitieast corner (it sixtu. - ■ v:
1314
PRISONERS AND GUARD ALL DRUNK
Disgraceful Scene in P.
Schulfz's Saloon at
Sunnyside.
BLOODY FIGHT FOR HALF
AN HOUR.
Ben Cleary, a Guard, and Five
Prisoners Refused More
Liquor.
THE STORE AND BAR ALMOST
WRECKED.
Sennit* Yesterday Lodged a Claim
With the Sheriff for $100
Damages.
P. Schultz, a grocer and saloon-keeper
at San Jose road and Sunnyside, put in
a claim to Sheriff Whelan yesterday for
$100, for damages done to his premises
and stock by Ben Cleary, a guard at the
House of Correction, and five prisoners
last Tuesday afternoon.
Cleary was in charge of the five prison
ers, who were engaged in making repairs
on the Corbett road. On their return
journey that afternoon to the House of
Correction about 4 q'clock they pulled up
their wagon in front of Scnultz's saloon,
and Cleary and four of the prisoners dis
mounted and entered the bar. One of
them, an elderly roan, remained in the
wagon.
After Cleary and the four prisoners en
tered the bar Clear? tnrew a two-bit piece
on the counter and called for beer.
Scbuiiz alleges thatthey were ailconsider
nbly under the influence of liquor, and he
declined to serve them with the beer.
Cleary was arguing with Scnultz, when
one of the prisoners went outside and told
t!ie man in the wagon to get down and
have some beer, making use of an offen
sive expression.
The old prisoner got mad, and on en
tering ihe saioon declared that he would
allow no man to insult him by calling
him a vile name. Cleary ordered him to
'^slmt his mouth," and he struck Ci«ary
with his fi^-t.
One of the prisoners had a large milk
bottle in his hand, and when he saw
Cleary struck he hit the old man on the
heaa with the bottle, knocking him down.
This was the commencement of a gen
eral light that lasted over haif an hour.
The milk-bottle was freely used, and when
the tight was over they were all covered
with blood, and Schultz's bar aud grocery
in the front looted as If they haa been
visited by a cyclone. The floor was cov
ered with blood, and packages of coffee,
tea, sugar and other articles were strewn
around.
A man who happened to be in the bar
attempted to piay the part of a psace
jnaker, but one blow on the head with the
milk-bottle knocked him senseless and he
was dragged to a roam in the rear by
Schultz, where he recovered conscious
ness in about an hour.
The prisoners not only destroyed the
shelving in the grocery, but they went
oat to the rear and tore down one of the
outhouses. Schultz also alleges that they
stole about a dozen packages of coffee.
Schultz notified Superintendent Clark
son of tne House of Correction of the dam
age incurred, and as the superintendent
gave him no satisfaction he went to the
Sheriff's office yesterday and put in his
claim for $100, and he was told the matter
■would be investigated.
Schultz was seen yesterday afternoon
and talked ireeiy of the occurrence, as he
feels very indignant at the treatment he
received from Cieary and the prisoners.
"It is not alone tvs damage do:»e to my
place," naid Schultz, "that I angry about,
but it is the injury to my business. 1
have a wife and family and Keep a respect
able place, and this disgraceful affair has
certainly jnjuredme anu my business.
"They were all drunk when they en
tered my place Tuesday afternoon, and
Cleary was the worst of tne lot. When
he threw the 25-cent piece on the counter
and asted for rive beers, I quietly told him
they had had enough and they wouldn't
get any beer from me. They might
have gone away, but one of them, an
old-looking man who had been in the
wagon, came in and said he wouldn't
allow any one to call him a vile name.
Cleary told him to shut up, and then the
right commenced. A big man with a
largo milk-bottle in his hand used it upon
the beads of the others, and whenever
one of them was getting the better of
Cleary, crack went the bottle on his head
and down he fell.
"I wa3 at mv wits' end, as I did not
kDow what to do. My wile, with a baby
iv her arms, hearing the uproar, came to
see what was the trouble and when she
saw the men covered with blood and fight
ing she nearly fainted. She was afraid for
me and I was afraid for her.
"I did all I could to stop them, but as 1
was afraid to come from behind the bar
my voice had no effect upon them. A
man waom I know only as Jack, but wno
ib a br(Hber-in-law of the chief engineer at
the power-house, tried to quail the row,
but ne was hit on the head with the milk
bottle and knocked senseless. I jumped
from behind the bar and dragged him into
a rear room and kept him there until he
recovered consciousness.
•'They knocked tfown the shelving on
which my goods are stocked and carried
KEW TO-DAT.
BQft, White Hands with Shapely Nails, Lnxu-;
riant Hair with Clean, Wholesome Scalp, pro-
duced by Cuticcba Soap, the most effective
akin purifying and beautifying soap in the
■world, :is -well as purest and sweetest, for
toilet, bath, and nursery. The only preventive
of inflammation and clogging of the Poees, ■
(uticura
Boat- is sold throughout the world. Fottsb Dbco ahd
Cm em. CORP., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A.
0»-"How to Purify and Beautify th« Skin, Scalp,
and Hair," mailed free,
DAQV UIIMHDO BeUu «nd scaly, inaUnfly ra-
DADi nUmUnO lUvedV Ccticura Kirn dim.
away about a dozen packages of coffee.
Smart, tne milkman along the road, found
two of the packages in front of his liobse
next morning, where they had been
thrown, and brought them to me. .
"The electric-cars stop at the switch in
front of my place and people on the cars
saw the disgraceful tizht. CHher people
who were attracted by the noise also saw
it. and among them was a guard at the
House of Correction, but I don't know
his name.
"Wriy. they were not satisfied with the
destruction they made in my store and
oar, but they went to the rear and de
stroyed one of the outhouses. I seriously
thought they would .wreck the whole
place, as they acted more like devils than
men.
'•I have plenty of witnesses besides my
wife who: will prove what I say is the
truth, and I mean to be reimbursed for
the loss 1 have sustained.
"If Cleary bad come to me next mornine
and apoioirized and paid for tbe damage I
would have said nothing about it, but he
has never come near me. I sent word to
Superintendent Clarkson, bat he took no
notice of it, so I thought the best thing I
could do was to go straight to the Sheriff.
ClarKson now wants me togoand see him,
out if he wants to see me he knows where
to tiud me
"I have no idea where they got the
liquor before they came to mv place, but
they were certainly drunk. What puzzles
me is where they got the money."
It is understood that Superintendent
Clarkson intends to prefer charges against
Cleary, but Cleary was at his post la the
institution yesterday.
THE FAIRVILLE CREAMERY
The Stock of the Famous James G.
Fair Kanch at 1 a ivill«- is Sup
plying the Public With Dairy
Produce Which for Quality
Is I ;i« <i n.i!» il.
This famous rnnch, which has an area of
4000 acres of rich pasture, where 800 of the
finest cows are grazing, enable I. Sfttori & Co.,
the Swiss proprietors of the above ranch, to
furnish tne public of this City the purest aud
richest of milk and cream.
The removal from 8 Lick place, where the
Fairvllle Creamery was first established, to
tue present commodious quarters at 411 Tay
lor street is merely in compliance to the con
tinuous increase 01 pairouage the creamery
is daiiy acquiring. Heie they have titled out
an office ami depot with ail modern dairy ap
pliances and made a creamery tbe envy of
many a milkman.
Their Bupply, which is about 1500 gallons
per day. comes direct morning and evening
irom the ranch in less than two hours, thus
enabling them to supply their customers with
the freshest oi milk, cream and butter. The
cream is churned at the depot, and sweet but
ter is put up to order in packages to suit. The
public is Invited to Inspect the ranch at Fair
vine and the depot ut 411 Tayior street, where
Messrs. Satori «\: Co. will be pleased to show
how a modern dairy is being conducted. The
ladies will also be invited to a glass of butter
milk, which has growa to be the thorn of
many a liquor-dealer.
At any time oi the year for any quantity and
the best quality of iiair> products (eggs not
included) go to the Fairville Creanieiy, 411
Taylor street. The best lor the lowest current
prices. *
WILL HAVE SIX TABLEAUX
I Scottish, English and Welsh
Games on the Queen's
Birthday.
An Illuminated Letter !o Victoria
Costing /. b ut $200— Circular
to British People.
A number of British born citizens of San
j Francisco met last nighi at St. George's
i Hall to complete arrangements for cele
; brating the Queen's juoilee. Edward
; Oliver, secretary of St. George's Society,
i presided. It was decided to give six
I tableaux on the Qneen's birthday and
! hfive a variety of English, Scottish and
I Welsh games, the games to be more in the
nature of exhibitions than contests.
; There are also 10 be Maypole dances and
I musical and literary exercises.
The Rev. Jo.-iah Simms of Nevada City
has been selected as the orator of the day.
There will be a display of fireworks in the
evening.
It was agreed to issue a circular to all
the British societies on the Pacific Coast,
asking their (••■-operation and explaining
the reasons why there are two celebra
tions in San Francisco and how the funds
realized ten years ago were misappropri
ated. It wan also decided to send an
j illuminated address to the Queen, to cost
iin the neighborhood of $200. Frederick
Curtis is th>' artist who is designing' the
address. It is to be a very beautiful
thing, done in colors, and showing r>e
| sides the British lion and many other
I ihings the American eagle and flag deco
i rated with a star for each State.
The tableaux will be as follows:
The announcement of the accession of the
j Queen; decoration of Crimean heroes oy her
■ Majesty; Buckingham palace: the four genera
; tioiis, 1. c., the Queen nur<ing the infant
j daughter of the Duse of York, ihe Dnkc and
! Duchess of York and the Prince and Princess
!of Wales ; granu tableau ; B-uannia on decfc
of a man-of-war, receiving offerings from her
various dependencies and the various branches
j of service, witu representatives of the naval
I and marine forces grouped in front.
THE "EXAMINER" WAS SCOOPED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1897.
WILL BE RABBI
AT THE TEMPLE
Rev. Isidore Myers to Come
to the Bush- Street
Synagogue.
Has a Wide Reputation as a
Learned and Eloquent
Pulpit Speaker.
Will Begin His Duties on the i;t of
August— May Bring a B-ide
With Him
Rev. Isidore Myers has accepted the
call of the Congregation Otabai Shalome,
which worships at the Bush-street
Temple, and will eater upon his duties on
the Ist of August.
Negotiations looking to the engagement
of the eloquent rabbi have been in prj
press for about two months, and have been
mainly conducted by Joseph Schmidt, the
president of the board of irusiees ot the
congregation. They wens fortuitously
consummated yesterday by the receipt of
a telegram by Mr. Schmidt from tne rey
erena gentleman accepting the call and
the terms and conditions offered. \V'hile
the engagement of the now minister will
date from July 1, the board has gener
ously conceded him a month's grace for
JOSEPH SCHMIDT, President of the Congtz gatton of the Bush
Street Temple.
traveling to his new field of duty, and
for getting properly settled in his changed
environment.
Rabbi Isidore Myer« is at present the :
spiritual leader of the Congregation Shaar
Hashumayiru, the most prominent Jewish I
religious body of Montreal, Canada. Al- i
thon«h lie is but 38 years of age, he has, \
according to reporr, earned a reputation j
for eloquence and learning that a man of I
niaturer years might well be proud of.
He hap been an ordained rabbi for quite
a numbarof year?, but has not continu
ously lectared from the pulpit since his I
entrance in the ministry. For some time ,
he devoted his oratorical powers in a
purely non-sectarian manner and en
gaged in a lecture tour, which took him
to all the principal Eastern cities or the
United States anu London. Everywhere
he went his abilities were recognized and
appreciated and he was invariably greeted
by large audiences.
About a year ago he abandoned the
rostrum and returned to the pulpit,
talcing charge of the Montreal congrega
tion previously mentioned.
Ever since the resignation of Rabbi
Fryer the congregation of the Bush-street
temple has been quietly on the looKout
for a spiritual instructor for their syna
gogue, and when reports of Rabbi Myers'
abilities reach them negotiations were
opened with him. After considerable cor
respondence a satisfactory agreement was
reached, and his formal election for a
term of one year will take place at the
meeting of tne board of trustees to
morrow.
In a recent letter received from Rabbi
Myers he siated that he was bom wife
less, but intimated that he was in antici
pation of shortly changing his jonely con
dition by taking unto himself as a wife
the daughter of a lellow-rabbi. It is
therefore highly probable that his journey
from far-off Montreal to the siiores of
the Golden West will partake of the cnar
acter of a honeymoon trip.
A SCHOOLTEACHER'S DRESS
It Was Taken by a Lad Who Sold It to
a Chinainitn for Twenty
Cents.
Charles Bacigalupi, a boy 17 years of
age, is held in custody to be sent to a re
formatory.
Last week he was intrusted with a dress
valued at $25 by Mrs. P. M. Nolan, a
schoolteacher, to convey it to her home.
The lad sold the dress foi 20 cents to
Hy Sing, a Chinese junkman on Pacific
street, where Detective E.igan recov
ered it.
The Chinaman has been arrestea on a
charge of buying articles from a minor.
Lecture by G. W. Dickey.
G. W. Dickey, manager of the Union Iron
Works, ihe builder of the machinery of the
great Lick Observatory and of the warships
Charleston and Oregon, lectured before the
advanced physics classes of the Washington
Grammar School yesterday. T. B. White, the
principal, T. H. McCarthy, the vice-principal,
and L. A. Jordan, the physics teacher, ex
pressed much gratification that their claso of
eighty boys should be the first to hear of prac
tical mechanics irom the creat ship-buiider.
Colonel Famuli Xow Secretary.
Secretary Welch stepped out of his position
as secretary of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children yesterday
and Colonel \V. R Parnell wi 1 take that otlice
to-day. He has been familiarizing himself
with its details for several days. Mrs. Pr-s
--eott, secretary of the Oakland branch, will fill
ilie position of assistant secretary to Colonel
Parnell. George H. A. Dymphal will become
secretary of the Oakland branch. Officer .Me-
Murray will be retained in the society, but in
a short time Chief Lees will be called upon to
furnish another usiisiant.
Each Kditorlal
In News Letter to-day is brilliant. ♦
PLANNING
FOR A GREAT
PLAYGROUND
Supervisors May Furnish
a Rival to Golden
Gate Park.
MANY SITES NOW UNDER
CONSIDERATION.
Discussed at the Meeting of
the Street Committee
Yesterday.
LAKE MERCED PROPERTY IS
TALKED OF.
Other Public Domains to Be Improved
and BeautifieJ in the Nsar
Future.
Chairman Devany and the other mem
bers of the Street Committee of the Board
of Supervisors are quietly but rabidly
gathering information and figures for use
in one of the biggest enterprises ever at
tempted by a Board of Sapervisors of this
City.
It is no less than the establishing of a
series of magnificent parks within the
City limits, one of which is to be of mag
nificent size and to rival the Golden Gate
Park in point of improvements and scenic
advantages.
The matter was discussed at a meeting
of the Street Committee, and the mem
bers spent some time examining maps for
suitable locations. One location that im
pressed them favorably was a tract of
land west of Laguna Honda and the
Almsnoupe. The scenery is romantic and
the land admirably snited for such a pur
pose. South of Ing eside was also looked
into, the idea being that such a location
could be easily reached and the land
easily obtained.
Then a tract embracing the Laguna
Puerta, which lies just north of the La
guna do la Mereed Rancho, was con
sidered, the Idea being to include the lake
for the purpose of boatiue and a place for
stocking with fish and wild fowl.
The public domain that skirts Mountain
Lake and the Ciiy cemeteries tracts were
also looked into. Tne bigt/est project,
that of paining possession of the Lazuna
de la Merced and its surroundings, was
broached last ana the Supervisors dis
cussed it Jong and earnestly.
Supervisors Has Line and Smith were
much impressed with the idea, and Mr.
Devany suid that he thought the Spring
Valley Conif any, after it had arranged its
sources of sui ply so as to be free of the
necessity of catling on Merced Lake water
in case of an emergency, would bo willing
to part with the lake lor a reasonable con
sideration. JNo action was taken, but it t
was understood that as soon as the neces
sary data are in the possession of the coiii
mit'.ee the matr»r will be presented to the
board and an effort made to have the City
acquire several park sites, either by pur
chtt'e or condemnation.
"It is high time," said Chairman De
vany, "that this City was provided with
more pleasure ground* where the citizens
get away from the roar of streetcars and
bnsinesß. Golden Gate Park is a beauti
ful place, but it is not enough. There
should be several to give variety to those
who cannot afford to go out of the City
on Sunday.
"It is only a question of time when the
City must purchase park sites, and it
should be done now while property can
be nad at a reasonably low fisure. Twenty
yeara from now hind will come so high
that it will be difficult to buy it at prices
that the City could aftord to pay. It
would be a fine investment for the City,
for it would not only enhance the value
of real estate holdings by taking a large
tract out of the market, but would so
beautify the City as to add to its value as
a nlace of residence.
"I think that the majority of the board
will be in fivor of such v matter and that
we will hay- another big playground be
fore lon:.'. We :il-o propose to take a
number of tracts already owned by the
City and improve and beautify them so
that they will be places worth visiting.
"The pubiic will no doubt appreciate
the value of parks and will stand by us
in our endeavors to furnish them."
A SUDDEN STROKE.
Thomas M. Jewett Reported at the
Point or Death in Chi
huahua.
Mrs. Thomas M. Jcwett of this City re
ceived a telegram from Chihuahua, Mex
ico, announcing that her husband bad
been stricken with paralysis at that place
and was on the point of death. Mrs.
Jewett will start for Chihuahua to-riay.
Mr. Jewett lias been clerk for the United
States Attorn* v in this City for nearly
forty years. He went to Chihuahua a
short time ago on leave of absence on ac
connt of failing health, and at the time
he was stricken with paralysis was at his
brother's house in that place.
Charged With Forgery.
Moses M. Barnet, formerly business man
ager and managing editor of the Journal of
Commerce, surrendered himself to Chief of
Police Lees yesterday afternoon and was re
leased by Judge Campbell on nig own recogni
zance. A warrant on complaint of D. J.
O'Leary, proprietor oi the paper, had been
issued on January 13 of this year charging
Barnet with forgery, the allegation being that
he had without autnority signed the name of
the firm to subscription slips.
Barnet denies that he is puilty of »ny crime
and alleges that he had authority to sign the
firm name. There has bonn a disagreement
between Barnet and O'Leary for many months
concerning the business, and Barnet n-cently
tiled a suit against the paper for .fIOOO ai
leged to bo due him ior services.
• — •> — «
The Only Store Doing a Rushing Bugi
, ■ nets. :■.::'':"
His reported that the Pnragon Suit Com
pany, 1230 Market street, since opening the
retiring sale, is doing more business in jackets,
suits, than all the cloak houses put together.
There must be truth in it, being many mer
chants are buying, whicn moans low prices.
One storekeeper In Los Angeles* bought 530
capes at 95 cen'R. There are a few more to
be had. *
• — * — •
Starr King A. 31. K. Church.
Professor Joseph Beringer of the Royal
Leipzig Conservatory and the Conservatory of
Berlin will arpear at the Siarr King A. M. E.
Zion Church, 805 Stockton sweet, on Monday
evening the 10th inst. Some of San Fran
cisco's best taleut will assist.
The fac-simile frfi v/&9* ?"*" *• on ever -wrappey
; signature of C£x//ffie<&£4AZ vof CASTOiIA.
-;.-■:-,,-  _■- ..ii,i». ■-.-,;. ■-.--■, ,-■-■■■■':■ ■'• • " ' ■■ ' - ■ • ■
;S^>ir.;" .;■%.'. ~, •:■ ■• msVF TO-DAI- GOOOV ■ ' : -■' ■
TT!T -TT!^!. A TNTT 1
OUTER GARMENTS
'"' —- — ■ ' ' . "— — -A-T ™ ; ' : ■
SPECIAL PRICES TO-DAY!
Possessing, as they do, the RICHNESS, BEAUTY AND STYL-
ISHNESS peculiar to all the garments comprised in the NEW
| SPRING STOCK of our great Cloak and Suit Department, the lines
selected for to-day's special offerings are
BARGAINS THAT WILL COMMAND ATTENTION!
t ( LADIES' CAPES!
dJQ LADIES^' SILK OR VELVET CAPES, lined with silk and handsomely
(DO. ill beaded, neck trimmed witn iace, regular price $7 50, on special sale at $3 75.
<|J7 en— LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk and richly trimmed with
U>/.uU lace and jet, regular price $12 50, on special sale at $7 50. *■ »P
<|j n en— LADIES' EXTRA LONG VELVET CAPES, Empire back, richly beaded,
Ul O. JU lined with silk, regular price $10, on special sale at $6 50.
SUITS AND DRESS SKIRTS!
fljn en— LADIES' BICYCLE SUITS, patent adjustable skirt, can be used as bloomer
U>O.UU or skirt, fly front jacket and ieggins *to match, regular price $12 50, on spe-
cial sale at $S5O. "
mr» en— LADIES' GRAY AND TAN MIXED CLOTH SUITS, fly front jacket lined
U//.JU with silk, full skirt lined and bound, regular price $12 50, on special sale
at $7 50.
©1 i C— LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, perealine lined
U>I.TU and velvet bound, regular price $2 50, on special sale at $1 45.
tot) JK— LADIES' FINE SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, full width, lined and bound,
Wu.tJ colors black and navy, resular price $3 75, on special sale at $2 45,
LADIES' JACKETS!
LAUICo *J /\V»s IV L2 I *Z7 •
ton QC— LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, lined throughout with silk, fly fronts,
U)u. UU regular price $4 50, on special sale at $2 95. M~\ «*
djin en— LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with silk serge,
U> 111. JU fly fronts, regular price $15, on special sale at $10 50.
OF- STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
I Ml k* MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/[/ Market Stet, Comer of Jons* /
SR.ZX Franeiaoa
THE PACIFIC PRESS.
Meeting of the Association at
the California Hotel
Last Night.
Officers Erctd and Delegates to
the Advisory Board
Named.
The Pacific Associated Press transacted
some important business at its annual
meeting at the California Hotel last night.
Officers were elected, action was taken
in the injunction suit of the Evening Post
against the Associated Press and names
for members of the Western division of
the advisory board were suggested.
The officers elected were: President, V.
S. McCUichy, Sacramento Bee; vice
president, Hush Hume, Evening Post;
secretary, E. B. Willis; directors— W. H.
Mills (Sacramento Record-Union), K. A.
(Bulletin). R. Roedcer (Tacoma
News) and E. D. Willard (Los Angeles
Express).
C. M. Sbortridge, the retiring president,
was thanked for tiie services he had ren
dered during the past year.
The association determined to support
the Post in its injunction suit against the
Associated Press, and instructed the
president to request the Hon. M. M. Estee
and Franklyn E. Lane 10 act as advisory
counsel in its behalf to Messrs. McGowan
and Squires, whose conduct of the case
■jyas hiyhly commended.
The association decided to support as
members of the advisory board of the
Western division of the Associated
Press the following:: W. H. Mills, Sacra
mento Record-Union; H. W. Scott. Port
land Oreuonian; R. C. Campbell. Denver
News; Hugh Hume, tho San Francisco
Evenin? Post, ana James D. Hoge Jr.,
Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
The president was instructed to issue
the proper credentials to the following
gentlemen who will go to the annual
meeting of the Associated Press at Chi
cago, authorizing them to represent the
interests of all Associated Press Dapers:
V. S. McClatchy, R. A. brothers and
Hugn Hume.
• — ♦ — •
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
The Japanese Question and. Others of
Importance Given Lengthy
Consideration.
At last night's session of the San Francisco
Labor Council a communication was read from
Senator White, in which he stated that in
reference to the employment of A. Francisco
in the office of Collector of tho Port at Los
Angeles he would have no authority, as tne
appointment would be controlled from Repub
lican soiirces. White added that Francisco has
no stock in the Los Angeles Times, unless he
acquired it very recently, as he happened to
know.
W. N. Anderson, secretary and treasurer of
the Anchor Milling Company, wrote that, in
contradiction to the opinion of the union,
that company is not opposing organized labor
in any form whatever. In a strike of a year
ago, he stated, a crew of lourteen union pack
ers had gone out, and, as they refused abso
lutely to return, the employment of non
union men was founa to be a necessity.
Afterward these union men had signified their
desire 10 return, and had been employed as
fast as vacancies occurred. The letter was
ordered sent to the American Federation of
Labor.
■ Secretary Rosenberg satu he was in receipt
of a letter and a blunt petition from Secretary-
James Coffin of the Alametla Sugar Company. '
requesting that signatures be procured to be
forwarded to ('oneress requesting me abroga
tion of the "Hawaiian reciprocity treaty."
Tnerenpon the council set itself on record as
opposing the abrogation ot the treaty. ■•;
In response to an inquiry acting Secretary
Roosevelt of the Navy Department informed
the council that under existing laws the
power of Government contractors to employ
foreigners on Government worts is not cir
cumscribed and that, therefore, nothing can
be done in the case of the Union Ironworks,
alleged to employ Japanese in the construc
tion of United States men-of-war.
The secretary of the council was instructed
to gather all the data at his command and
forward the same to the American Federation
of Labor, which is now endeavoring to have
legislation of this kind enacted. Considerable
talk of holding a mass-meeting resulted.
Tne secretary oi tne Brewers' Union, J.
Waters, reported that he bad visited many
Southern California cities and towns and had
succeeded in forming a brewers' union in San
Diego. He said tne San Diego Brewery is now
a thorough union brewery, using the union
label. In Los Angeles, he added, the local
Labor Council has' taken the matter up and is
sanguine of organizing the brewers of that
city in the near future.
"OUR BOYS."
The Comedy to Be Presented by the
Trinity School Histrionic
Society.
"Our Boys," a comedy, by H. J. Byron, will
be presented by the Trinity School Histrionic
Society, for the benefit of the Trinity School
Library fund, at the Bush-street Theater, this
evening.
The cast of characters is as follows:
Sir Geoffry <'hmni>nrys. a county magnate,
Elbridge F. Hills; Talbot Champneys, his
son, Charles Kenyon ; Perkyn M iddlewlck of
Devonshire House, a retired butterman, Louis
Starr; Charles Middlewick. his sou, Henry C.
Melone; Kempster, Sir Gooff ry's man servant,
J. Selby Hanna: Poddies, Midalewick's batler,
Claude D. Starr; Violet Melrose, an heiress,
Mollie Hind: Mary Meirose, her poor cousin,
MaeWeldon; Clarissa Champneys, Sir Geof
fry's sister, Helen L. Spalding; Belinda, a
lodging-house slave, Mr. H. A. Ramsay.
Act I— At the buttermaii's. Scene— Perkyn
Middlewick'g country home.
Act ll— At the Baronet's. Scene—Drawing
room In Sir Geoffry's.
Seven months are supposed to hare elapsed.
Act lll— Mrs. Patchems three pair back.
Scene— Third floor at a London lodging-house.
new to-day;
Gold
Coin Saved on
Crockery and Chinaware
Great AmericaE liDportiEg Tea Ci
MONE/ SAVING STORES!
140 Sixth st. . 325 Hayes st.
i 965 Market st. 2008 Pill more st.
146 Ninth st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
.617 Kearny st. . 2510 Mission st.
i 1419 Polk st. 521 Montgomery aye.
j 218 Third st. 1130 Kentucky st,
3285 Mission st. Potrero.
OAKLAND.
I 1053 Washington st 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, ' 616 L Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAM EDA- 1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
Operating ioo stores.
That's why we
sell so cheap.
Good reason •
ieLueyW
I I 111 I illll V The Best in the
A,llV/JJtlV,j World.
: :'W;^b ; ' : l:- :: : : .'- ::t - \J - BOLE AGENTS .
ARMAND~CAILLEAU,
COB, UK All V SI. A>l> (iKAM AVJi.