VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 101.
PLUCKY KING
GEORGE SCORES
THE NATIONS.
Greece Protests Against the
Attempt to Coerce
Christians,
INTERNATIONAL LAW VIOLATED
Proposed Expulsion of Greeks From Crete
Not Warranted — Situation on the
Frontier Becomes More
Serious.
ATHENS, Greece, March 10. -The j
Oreek Government has instructed its rep- i
resentatives abroad to protest against the !
expulsion of Greek subjects from Canea as
an arbitrary violation on the part of the i
powers of international law.
LONDON, En<+., March 10.— The entire ■
staff of employes at the Devonport dock- J
yards, numbering 5000, has been ordered i
to work overtime for the purpose of hast- I
ening the completion of the fitting out of |
vessels upon which they are engaged. :
The order is believed to have been issued
in view of the cri?is which has arisen over
the Cretan question.
The Daily Chronicle will publish a dis
patch to-morrow from Athens saying that
Greece has 60,000 troops on the frontier
and that the Turkish and Greek outposts
are very close together in places. For in- j
stance, at Arta the Turks hold one end of '
a bridge and the Greeks the other. A !
Greek general, recently, while inspecting j
ttJ frontier, accidentally entered Turkish j
territory and was captured by the Otto- j
man patriots, brtt was eventually rescued !
by his troops. The situation on the fron- i
tier, it is said, is a dangerous one ar.d l:t- ,
tie wonld be required to set the country !
The Daily News to-morrow will pub
lish a dispatch from Canea saving that |
tne British, French and Italian admirals!
landed this afternoon and held a confer- j
ence with the insurgent leaders at Akro- j
tiri. They expressed regret thai they al- j
lowed the Turkish ships to fire upon the I
insurgents during the previous day's
fighting, believing then tbat the insur
gents were the aggressors. Since then,
they said, they had learned that it was .
the Bashi-Bazouks who provoked the |
conflict.
In the course of the interview, the dis
patch adds, the Cretans stated that they i
had not received the admiral's warning |
previous to the bombardment of February '
21, and that they were unaware also of !
the promise of autonomy for t.'rete, which !
communications were intrusted to Com
mander Reneicke of the Greek warship
Hydra.
The News, in commenting on this dis
patch, will suggest that the communica
tions intrusted to Commander Reneicke
were delivered in the wrong quarter.
The Standard to-morrow will publish a
dispatch from Canea saying that it is
rumored there that the Greek army of
occupation under command of Colonel
Vassos is short of provisions, its supplies
of eatables consisting only of biscuits and
oranges.
The dispatch also says that the admi
rals of the foreign warships have warned ;
the commander at Canea that if the Bashi- !
PazouKs again provoke the insurgents to
an encounter their village will be bom- j
barded by the warships, and moreover,
that no band of Bashi-Bazouks will here-
be allowed to enter Canea, or to sally
oat into the interior.
To-morrow the Standard will publish an
Athens dispatch saying that the summon
ing of the Greek reserves for service has
I compelled several large commercial houses
k to close tbeir doors. Numbers of families
■ aye been left without supporters, and the
Entire social life of the country is at s
standstill.
The Times will to-morrow publish a dis
patch from Athens saying that tbe firing
at Hierapetra yesterday and the expulsion
Of M. Baraklis, the Greek Vice-Consul at
Canea, has rearonsed the war fever there.
The Times will also publish a dispatch
from Canea saying that the situation at
Hierapetra is one of great anxiety. The
insurgents are well supplied with guns,
PLANTANIA, Near Canea, Where There Was Some Lively Fighting Between the Turks and the Cretans
on Monday Evening.
The San Francisco Call
and it is feared that tb»y will make an
other attack upon the town.
THIS RELIEF Or K.4M>A3IOS.
Moslem* Grafful to England for Her
Ready A.*nl%tanee.
LONDON, Eng., March 10.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Canea saying that the Mussulmans
who have been besieged at Kandamos and
who have arrived at Canea were conveyed
thither on board the Italian transport
Trinicia, and that another vessel is ex
pected to arrive shortly with more refu
gees. The force which relieved the be
leagured inhabitants at Kandamos re
leased eleven soldiers who were imprisoned
in the blockhouse. The arrival of the
trensport with her load of refugees has
created a great impression in Canea. One
of the chief Beys says it is impossible to
express the gratitude of the Moslems
toward Great Britain.
The News correspondent relates the
story of the rescue of the beleaguered in
habitants at Kandamos. His account says
the utmost credit is due to Sir A. Biiiotti,
the British Consul at Canea, who man
aged the entire affair personally. With
out his aid the people could not "hay*
escaped. ■ ; • ',
The place was surrounded by JWO
' Cretans, who kept up a continuous
| fusillade, which some times was replied to
ova sight fire. Consul Biliotti entered
I the town and remained until nightfall,
I when, having become convinced of the
j absolute necessity of employing a force of
i Europeans to effect the release of the be
! leaguered ones, he returned to Selino,
from which place he started on his return
to Kandamos with a force of 250 Briiiah,
100 French, 100 Austrians, 150 Russians
! and 55 Italians, with four guns. This
j force was commanded by the captain of
the British warship Rodney.
Upon arriving at Kandamos the troops
i remained on the outskirts while the (Jon-
I sul entered the town to arrange for the
i sortie. Some delay occurred, owing to a
'' lack of beasts of burden. The Cretans had
i ceased their firing and consented that the
'■ Moslem soldiers should retain their arms,
but when the latter emerged and a start
was made for Selino a scene of the wildest
confusion and one of great danger took
place.
The horde of Cretan insurgents sur
rounded the refugees and everywhere a
gap occurred in the escort would dash in
and tear the weapons from the Bashi-
Bazouks and match the bundles which
many of tbe women and children carried.
It was with the utmost difficulty that the
Moslems wera prevented from firing on
the insurgents and thus bringing about a
horrible slaugnter. During the confusion
one girl was kidnaped by the Cretans.
The insurgents followed the refugees,
pressing in upon their column as far as
Spaniako, where there is a gorge, which
was blocked by the escort after the refu
gees had passed. This prevented the Cre
tans from advancing further. The ern
barcation on board tha Trinicia began at
5 o'clock in the evening and ended at 9
o'clock.
After sunset the Cretans at Sehno began
to make hostile demonstrations against
the Moslems. With a view to putting a
stop to their manifestation the warships
tired several rifle shots into the air and
also fired one of their guns.
Tbe Governor of Kandamos says that
when the people in the town were relieved
by Europeans there was only seven boxes
of rifle cartridges left, and that the gun
ammunition had become completely ex
hausted. There was neither bread nor
rice in the town, but there was a plentiful
supply of meat. Had there been a suf
ticient amount of bread and ammunition
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 11, 1897.
the Governor declares the lnnamtants ana
the garrison would have been abie to re
sist the insurgents for a year.
When the refugees boarded thu trans
port their arms were removed to the Rod
; ney. The correspondent says the refugee
are rapidly embarking at Canea and the
Trinioia will return to Selimo. A few
have houses left, but a majority of them
are utterly ruined and many have been
made invalids. During the passage of the
transport from Seiiuo to Canea a child was
born on board.
The rabble at Selino, the reporter sny?,
was very trouolesome, and, despite the
fact that the sailors had been on the
march for twelve hours, they were com
pelled to remain under arms all night in \
order to keep the rabble out of the town
and to protect the embarking refugees.
They were obliged on several occasions to
tire on the insurgents, bo menacing were
their actions. When the shin left Selfno
I it was feared that a general attack would
i be made upon that ilace.
SAHSBUJtX EXPLAINS.
His Gotfirnmrnt Could Not Yield to Fer
mo ill Sympathies.
LONDON, Ekg., March 10.— At the din
i ncr of the Associated Chamber of Com
j merce, which was held here this evening,
i Lord Salisbury delivered an address, in
| which ho referred briefly to the crisis
j which bad-.b^en reached in the affairs of
! Greece over the Cretan question.
His Lordship said it must be remem
-1 bered that the British Government could
i not be guided in its policy by personal
sympathies or religious proclivities and
, sentiments. They were the trustees of a
great nation's interests and obligations, \
i which they were bound to maintain above
everything else. If they manfully aid
their duly under the circumstances it
<ould promote, as no other course of con
duct could do. freedom and justice, and,
■■ove all, European peace, upon which all
■ commerce, industry and. being. must
: depend. •'.... . ;  . ..>*":-';
The Premier's remarks were received
with loud. cheers. ■ -•
The speech throughout was devoid of
any exposition of party feeling.
VVHI.IV OPIXJOJS TRIUMPHS.
France Serves Notice That It Cannot
More Agnintt (Zrerc**
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— A spec
ial cable dispatch to the Sun from London
says: The danger of war in the East has
decidedly diminished for the time being.
The reason is not to be found in the reply
of Greece to the ultimatum of the powers.
Russia, Germany and Austria interpret
this refusal to comply with the terms of
the"identical note, and they are not in
favor of an Immediate resort to the co
ercion which was threatened. The situa
tion has been completely changed, how
-1 ever, by the new power — namely, public
opinion in Western Europe.
The French Government has been com
pelled to give notice, reluctantly, to its
Russian ally tbat it cannot join it in any
vindictive or severe measures against
Greece while public opinion in France re
mains as it is now.
Lord Salisbury would gladly give a simi
lar notice in behalf of Great Britain, but it
would be received only with suspicion
and resentment. It is quite different a-.
regards France. Russia has ample as
surance that M. Hanotaux and his col
leagues would be glad to join in the Rus
sian policy if it was in their power to do
so, but they dare not in the face of the
opposition of Parliament and of the masses
of the French people.
The most they can do is to request de
lay until an opportunity is given to change
or amend the popular mind. Great efforts
are to be made in this direction between
now and Saturday next, when the ques
tion will be debated in the French Cham
ber. It is doubtful if a safe majority in
favor of .severe measures against Greece
can be assured.
In fact every day's delay is now of the
greatest advantage to Greece, whose clev
erly designed answer to the demands of
the powers is disarming her enemies in
at least three nations. The indications
grow stronger that it will no longer be
Continued on Fijth Page.
CAUGHT!
PERKINS SEES
THE PRESIDENT
His Batch of Diplomatic!
Candidates Causes
Surprise.
Told to Fick Out Five or Six In
dorsed by the Entire
Delegation.
Should De Young B? Sent to Italy,
Many Phces Will Be Lost to
California.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—Sen
aior Perkins went to the White House to
day with a big batch of recommendations
for the appointment of Californians to
foreign missions and consular positions.
"You don't expect me to appoint all
those men, do you?" said President Mc-
Kinlev.
"Well, I don't know," returned the
Senator. "I'd like to have you appoint
as many as you can. They are all good
men."
"How many places in the consular ser
vicp do you consider your State entitled
to?"
"I should think we ought to pull out
five or six good ones."
"Well," retorted the President, "»up
posa you take those papers away with you
and after consulting on that basis with
your delegation pick out five or six of the
best men and all join in recommending
them. There is plenty of time."
"It would be difficult to make a selec
tion," suggested the Senator.
"Not so difficult for you as for me," re
turred the President; "you know the
men and I don't."
"1 mean that it would be embarrassing
for me to indicate a preference In many
cases."
"Do you want me to assume that crn
barrassment? lam willing to share the
responsibility, but I cannot make any ap
pointments from your State unless you
select the men. You must get together,
too. I don't propose to settle any contro
versies."
That is the sort of talk the Presi
dent gives to nearly all the Congressmen
who visit him, and as a consequence the
delegations from the Beveral States will
hold meetings to decide between the
claims of contending constituents. They
.are. pretty well uonvinced that they will
not be able vc ?«curf> tppointments v.pon
upon their indiviiiuai influence and must
act together for the welfare of their party.
The Star this evening says: "There is a
feeling of confidence among the Califor
nia people to-day that Colonel Harrison
Gray Otis will receive the appointment of
Assistant Secretary of War. If the ap
pointment is made the California men
think they wilt not pet much more in the
shape of departmental positions. With
Secretary McKenna and Colonel Otis their
exDectations would be about tilled.
"It is felt that if M. H. de Young gets
the Embas?adorship abroad which he
wants, the other candidates for forelen
«ppointments will not stand much chance.
If De Young fails in the appointment,
then a number of places will go to the
State. The friends of Speaker Coombs of
the State Lesislature regard his chances
for going to Japan as good. The fiiends
of Judge Dudley, who wants to go to
Hawaii, think he stands a good chance."
Senator Mcßride of Oregon doubts the
report that ex-Senator John H. Mitchell
is a candidate for appointment as United
States Circuit Judge, to succeed McKenna,
inasmuch as Mitchell has not advised him
of his candidacy.
A gentleman of some fame as a writer,
who might claim a residence in any of
three Stati s and who hns been a warm
personal friend of the President, askeJ to
be considered a candidate for an attrac
tive foreign mission.
"I have not brought any papers," he
said, "for you know me as well as any
body and can judee as accurately of my
fitness as all the Senators and Representa
tives and politicians in the country. Still,
if it is necessary I will get some letters."
"I would do so if I were you," observed
the President quietly.
"From whoru do you suggest?"
"From the Senators and Representatives
of your State."
"I doubt if I could get either one of the
Senators," was the reply, "but I can get
the Representatives."
"Better get the Senators, too, if you
can," remarked the President, and be
turned to another visitor.
Some of the office-seekers are beginning
to vo home; others are arriving by every
train. Those who came before the 4th
have found very little encouragement to
remain. They have discovered to their
chazrin that most of the offices are nailed
down, and that others that do not come
under the civil service rule will not be dis
turbed until after the tariff bill is passed
and the terms of incumbents have ex
pired.
Certain people who had apprehensions
lest Major McKinley might lack decision
of character have been relieved of all
[ anxiety on that score. He is affable, he
is gracious, and even cordial to to every
one who calls, but he is like a stone wall
when the candidate runs against him, and
has as larsre a stock of silence at his disposal
as General Grant. People are beginning
' to notice a resemblance in President Mc-
Kinley to the silent soldier. He can listen
patiently and with manifest attention to
whatever is said to him and let the
speaker go without offering any reply
whatever. He does not gush lite Garfield,
or endeavor to explain his difliculties like
Hayes. He is never rude and gruff, like
•Cleveland, and he does not give his
visitors the chills, as President Harrison
did. He manaees to show a cordial inter
est in every one, but is firm when people
try to crowd him.
President McKinlev places himself
behind the Republican, Senators and
Representatives, and will consider no
applications for office that do not bear
their indorsement. He recognizes them as
the representatives of the people end as
the best source of information concerning
tbe character and qualifications of condi
dates of their districts and States.
SHERMAN AND DIPLOMATS.
Distinguished Foreign Assembly Meets
the New Secretary of
State.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— Tbe
corps diplomatic was received by Secre
tary Sherman in the diplomatic parior of
the State Department at 11 o'clock this
morning and shortly afterward presented
to the President.
The members of the corps assembled in
the diplomatic reception-room shortly be
fore 11 o'clocjc by appointment, the Chi
nese. Korean and Turkish Ministers alone
having other attire than the cusiomary
morning dress.
FrocK coata and high silk hats were un
exceptional and all decorations were con
spicuous by their absence.
At 11 o'clock the corps, in a body,
beaded by Sir Julian Paunc6fote, were
usbered by ABoistant Secretaries Rock hi 11
and Adee into the diplomatic parlor,
where they stood in their proper order of
precedence, each head of embassy and
i. ■_-.iii«ii being supported by vis secre
taries and attaches.
Secretary Sherman invited Major-Gen
eral Miles and his aid, Captain Michles,
who were wan him at the time to witness
the function. The Secretary was escorted
around the entire line and presented to
each diplomat in turn.
At 11:80 o'clock Sir Julian Pauncefote
led the way in a parting handshnke with
the Secretary, with whom all future nego
tiations are to be held, and, followed by
the eighty odd members of the body, went
over to the White House.
GENERAL HASTINGS' MISHAP.
Knocked Down by a Wagon and His Leg
Fractured After Calling Upon
the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—
General Russell Hastings of Bermuda,
West Indies, who commanded the
Twenty-third Oh:o Regiment, in which
President McKinley was an officer,
was knocked clown by a wagon while
crossing Fifteenth street, opposite the
Treasury Department, this morning. His
right leg was fractured near the knee
joint.
At the time of the accident General
Hastings and General and Mrs. J. L. Bots
ford of Youngstown, Ohio, were returning
from a visit to president McKinley. Gen
eral Hastings had gone there to say
good-by to his oid comrade preparatory
to sailing for Bermuda on Saturday.
After the accident he was accompanied
to the Emergency Hospital by General
Botsford, who went back to the While
House to tell the President when the frac
ture had been set.
The President sent a bunch of flowers
and a personal note to the iniured man
and later drove to the hospital and held a
consultation with his former cojemand
ing officer and gave directions to the sur
geons to give him the best of care.
When the President was told that the
injury would not result seriously, he re
minded General Hastings that he had last
seen him wounded at Winchester, where
the same leg wa3 injured.
"Now, General, command me day and
night," said President McKinley in leav
ing, "and while you are in the hospit al I
shall make it a pleasant duty tocom c and
I see you. Good by, old fellow."
General Hastings was taken to Garfield
| Hospital soon afterward.
sugar H( n i:i> i i h. *r an r.sTEn.
Differential Ituly One- Eighth of a Cent
a round,
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10. -The
sugar schedule was finished to-day by the
Republican members of the Ways and
Means Committee. The conclusions
reached were foreshadowed in the United
Associated Presses' dispatches of last
night. The differential duty was placed
at J/g of a cent a pound. A countervailing
duty against bounty-paying countries was
fixed •■o as to equalize the net amount of
the bounty — that is to say, the exact
amount of the bounty lens any internal
revenue tax levied.
The woolen schedule was taken up at
the afternoon and evening sessions and
several tentative rates adopted, but an
other session will be necessary before the
schedule is completed.
To Reduce Freight Rate* on Meat*.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10— The
Board of Managers of the Traffic Asso
ciation has decided to reduce rates on
meats until June 30, placing them on the
basis of third-class freight.
Bondholder* Bin/ the Monon Railroad.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind . March 10.— The
Monon Railway whs *old here under or
der of court to-day for $3,001,000. The
bondholders bought it in.
Vrrrdue Junpin.i Sighted.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— The
steamship Aurania, three days overdue,
was sighted this afternoon.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FAKERS TO
BE SEEN
IN COURT
Habeas Corpus Proceedings
Will Be Heard To- Day
at Sacramento.
LIBELERS MAY TENANT
CELLS.
Trouble Yet in Store for Long
Green Lawrence and His
Subordinate.
SLANDEROUS ATTACKS ENRAGE
SACRAMENTANS.
Cringing Under the Lzsh, the Hyena
of Journalism Snarls at All
Who Spurn It.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.—Oir
ing to the fact that Senator Dickinson in
busy on the Printing Office investigation
further proceedings in the Senate investi
gation of the Examiner fake of February
27 has-been deferred for the present.
To-morrow at 1:30 r. m. the habeas
corpus proceedings in the oases of Long
Green Lawrence and Li. L. Levings will b«
heard before Judge Hughes. If the peti
tioners offer no objection, Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald will appear therein on
behalf of the Senate.
There was no criticism of Judge Hughes
for issuing the writs, but the admission of
the prisoners to bail under the circum
stances was something unheard of previ
ously in the history of jurisprudence.
Every decision bearing on the subject of
habeas corpus for more than a century
p&3t shows that no course is open to Judge
Hughes other than to remand the pris
oners to jail. In this event an appeal will
l; v ,^,_:-^r -•'.'■ KKW TO.DAY. :-■ r. ,. ..'."_ _
BOARD OF HEALTH'S
INVESTIGATION
■,• ; ' ■ ■ ' OJh'
CONDENSED MILKS
AND CREAMS.
AN ITEM OF INTEREST
TO MOTHERS.
It has been disclosed by the in-
vestigation of Dr. Wenzell, the
Chemist of the Board of Health,
that the so-called evaporated creams
are nothing but pure and simple
condensed milk, and in many in-
stances very poor condensed milk
at that, and while little or nothing
can be said in favor of these
evaporated creams by Dr. Wenzell,
still less is said in favor of most
brands of condensed milk, which
suffer equally under his searching
analysis.
Amid all this investiga-
tion and hue-and-cry one
prominent fact has been
brought out with unusual ■
distinctness, and that is,
the Gail Borden EAGLE
s Brand of Condensed Milk
' has t passed through the
fiery furnace of investiga-
tion of a most searching
character, with its usual
great success.
Every brand, except the Gail
Borden Eagle Brand, that has come
under the attention of the chemist
has had more or less criticism be-
stowed upon it, but the Gail Bor-
den Eagle Brand has been found to
be without a single flaw, and has
been pronounced to be the purest
and the richest in quality of any
brand on the market; superior to
evaporated creams in richness;
stronger. than any milk now before
the public.
The Pure Food Investi-
gation bids fair to be a
most searching one, and
the public have a great
interest at stake, and it is
with pleasure that we re-
fer now to one , brand that
seems to have met with
the approval of all.2
undoubtedly be taken to the Supreme
Court and the neariiiKS had in San Fran
cisco.
SLURRED BY THE FAKER.
Sacramento People Indlarnant Over
the Examiner's Uncalled-for
Abusa.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.— Much
indignation prevails amonp the most re
spectable citzens of Sacramento with ref
erence to the uncalled-for slurs cast upon
them by the Examiner this morning,
wherein the peop.e who applauded Sen
ators Morehouse and BoyCe and the vote
by which the Examiner's manaper was
adjudged guilty of contempt are de
nounced as the "ragtag of the lobby and
the offscourings of all social conditions."
The extracts from the Examiner of this
morning are as follows:
Women were there who would have turned
ihe thumb on the gladiators of the Roman
arena, and the ragtag of the lobby, the off
scourings of all social conditions, were
leagued in evidence, tier on tier.
In another part of the article the de
cent people of Sacramento who applauded
Senator Morehouse':* stinginc castigation
of the libeious rascals are abused as fol
lows with the pen of a fishwife:
To be sure he won sovie applause from the
lobby, but there never yet was a whipped
scoundrel who appealed to the delectable
gathering who crawl about the Capitol halls
who did not fnd a ready and sympathetic
hand.
These are the terms with which the
convict-labor newspaper brands the honest
men and virtuous women of Sacramento
who dared to applaud a Senator's denun
ciation of blackmailers and thugs. Like
a road dog, foaming at the mout", gnash
mc; its teeth and snarling and snapping at
every one on the road, the Examiner ran
amuck in Sacramento yesterday, and was
checked by running into the net of the
poundni aster.
The quality and quantity of the Exam
iner's unpopularity were illustrated last
night, and are being illustrated to-day by
the handshakings that were indulged in
and by thecongratuiauons which are being
exchanged between business men on the
official condemnation of the ex-organ of
Southern Pacific boodle.
"Will this denunciation by the highest
legislative tribunal in the State cause the
Examiner to be a little less obscene, a lit
tle less mendacious, a little less scurrii
ous? ;I was the question- generally asked
last night, and the reply came this morn
ing with the arrival of the Examiner,
whose columns reeked with abuse and
lies.
True to its initincts of robbing its news
boys, as it has robbed and does rob its
space-writers nnd reporters, the Examiner
foresaw yesterday that there would possi
bly be a demand for copies of the sheet
this morning to see what it would say
about its own condemnation and raised
its price a cent or so on the newsboys.
Millionaire Hearst needed a cent or a half
cent more on the price of the hundred
copies of the paper which vrere circulated
in the capital to-day and he tried to take
it out of the sweat of the poor boys, who, j
unable to obtain any other employment, j
earn a precarious livelihood by selling
newspapers on the streets.
But the boys were spirited in their pov
erty and refused to pay the robber toll,
and the result was that the Examiner re
mained in the bookstores, while the boys
earned much more than their usual wage
by selling The Call.
The Assembly committee resumed its
inquiry this morning and rigorously ex
amined members of the Assembly on the
lines already stated in The Call as to
■whether they knew of any briber}' or had
ever heard of any; whether they had re
ceived any writings or telegrams with
reference to the bill, or whether they gave
any newspaper reporter or any one else
any information on which the Examiner
charges were baaed.
The object of the last question was to
ascertain whether there was a.iy truth in
the testimony of Reporter Levings to the
effect that he had received some informa
tion as to bribery from members of the
Legislature. Thus lar no member has
said that he gave the reporter or any one
else such information. Should all the
members answer to the same effect, and j
there are but very few left, the committee
will determine whether it will proceed
against the reporter for perjury.
Superintendent James of the Western
Union Telegraph Company appeared be
fore the committee to-iiay and refilled
that he hud made diligent search for tele
prams addressed to or sent by Senator
Voorheis and had been unable to find any. i
Assemblyman Betlman, one of the Ex
aminer's warmest friends, swore that he
had been iniormed that Georee W. Baker,
Will Dargie of Oafcland and the Iquor j
men were interested in Assembly bill 273. I
He gave no information to the Examiner j
reporters, because he had none to giv-%
aa'l had heard nothing that would lead
him to believe that there was anything
wrong about the bill. He was absent at j
CANi>IA AND VICINITY, Where Fighting Is in Progress. T c V.urgm s H. v t c Town
Hemmed In and the Water Supply Is Cut Or.
;he time the bill came up in the Hodse'
but if he had been there he would have
voted for it.
Before the bill came up he had asked a
liquor-dealer in San Francisco, an inti
mate friend of his, whether the liquor
nn n wanted the bll passed, and he re
ceived a dispatch informing him that his
friend was not interested in the matter.
Attorney Clunie, representing the Ex»
aminer, apologized to nearly all the wit
nesses for the insinuations contained in
the libel. Thus, after Power of Placer ]
bad concluded his testimony, Clunie said:
"Mr. Power, the Examiner never intended
to intimate in any manner that you had
done anything improper in regard to this
bill."
Assemblyman Valentine remarked that
the Examiner was not giving the apology
as much publicity as it had given the
libel."
'•Why have you not apologized for the ;
Examiner to the San Francisco delega
tion?' 1 asked Mr. Valentine.
Mr. Glunie lined to make any expla
nation of the implied slur on the San
Francisco delegation.
When Assemblyman McGrath took the
witness-stand he said, "Mr. Clunie used to
work for me and be ought to known me."
"Yes," saM Clunie with a short, dry
laugh, "I got him out. That's all right."
After the examination of Mr. McGrath
had been concluded Mr. Ciunie asked,'
"Well, Mr. McGrath, if you knew of any
Assemblyman being bribed you wouldn't
come down here an ! tell it, would you?"
"No, sir," replied McGratb.
Then Mr. Clunie laughed the dry laugh
again.
The committee finished the list of As
semblymen without having found one to
corroborate the testimony of Levings that
lie had received some of his information
concerning the charges of bribery from
members of the Assembly.
Speaker Coombs was the only witness
before the Assembly who admitted that
he had spoken with an Examiner reporter
regarding the rumors of bribery In con
nection with Assembly bill No. 273.
Levings of the Examiner came to him
on the evening before the libel appeared
in that paper and asked him as to what
parliamentary procedure should be ob
served in getting bill 273 back from the
Governor.
In response to a question by the com
mittee Mr. Coombs said that he had heard
of rumors of bribery after the bill had
passed, but that he had not said anything
to Mr. Levings to the effect that such
rumors existed.
The committee adjourned until 2 p. m.
to-morrow.
BILL 273 VETOED.
Governor Budd Points Out Alleged
Defects In the Famous
Measure.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. March 10.—Gov
[ ernor Budd to-day sent a message to the
Assembly vetoing Assembly bill 273, out
of the passage of which grew the charges
by the Examiner of bribery. In his mes
sage the Governor says:
Acts which provide for the disqualification
of a prejudiced or biased Judge are in opera
tion in other States, and any preper legisla
tion which will relieve a litigant from the ne
cessity of having his rase tried before a Judge
who is biased or prejudiced against him, or
who has a fixed opinion on the case, is desir
able and praiseworthy.
A statute having for its purpose such relief
Already exists as to Justices' courts, but the
fact of the limited jurisdiction of such courts
and the fact that a new trial on appeal can
alwayi be had in the Superior Court makes
regulations which are beneficial fn tne limited
teiritoriat jurisdiction of Justices' courts in
expedient aud dangerous in Superior courts.
A careful scrutiny of the terms of bill No.
273 has led me to believe that in its present
lorm it should not become law.
While decisions are nnmerous holding that
when tne expression "when it appears" occurs
in a law of ihis kind it is construed as requir
ing an allegation of fact", not opinions, con
clusions or hearsay, yit the provision con
tained in the bill, "that he does believe," may
moaity these decisions to such an extent that
such belief may be sufficient to cause the dis
qualiccation of a Judge, which tne introducer
from his statement says was not his intention.
And the words "adjoining county" should
read ••another county."
It is not definite enough as to the affidavit
upon which it is sought to disqualify the
Judge. No provision is made for counter
affidavits. Tlu time when the affidavit can be
filed is not definitely fixed. It might be re
sorted to at so late a stage of the proceedings
that great expense to litigants and incon
venience to Witnesses, courts and jurymen
would result.
After conferring with the introducer of this
bill and other members they concluded that a
new bill could be passed, which would be free
from the objections to wnicu bill 273 was
open, and which would at t tie same time per
mit a litigant to legally object to a prejudiced
and biased Judge. 1 understand that such a
bill has since been introduced and passed by
your honorable body and is now pending be
fore the Senate.
The bill to which the Governor refers is
Bridgford's Assembly bill 977, which
strikes out the words, "oelieves or ha*
reasons to believe," and allows counter
affidavits. In fact it is just such a bill as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
the Governor desires. It ha 9 passed the
Assembly and is now in the Senate.
SPE CTATORS APPROVED.
■
Inspiring Scene In the Senate
Chamber While Morehouse
Was Speaking.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— Justice
William H. Dwyer, a prominent Demo
crat of thi-j city*, returned irom Sacra
memo this morniog, and gave a spirited
description of ihe Bcene in i he Slate Sen
ate on Tuesday morning during the pro
ceedings incident to the charges of bribery
made by the San Francisco Examiner.
"Senator Morehouse is not of my po
liticai faith," said Justice Dwyer, "but he
is pre-eminently the man most talked
about and most admired by all the people
about the Legislature at this time, and
the manner in which he has conducted
the investigation of charee3 by the Ex
aminer has won for him the indorsement
of all, irrespective of political parties.
"The Bcene in the Senate chamber yes
terday morning was inspiring. The
chamber was crowded and M< rehouse
captured the almost breathless attention
of the vast crowd the moment he arose to
reply to the argument offered by Attorney
George A. Knight in behalf of the Ex
aminer correspondents, and he held it
without effort until the close of his re
marki. The crowd seemed swayed by his
every word, and during his pauses not a
sound could be heard except his voice.
"The great crowd was with him and
drank in his eloquence as if under a hyp
notic spell. The speaker was in n man
ner personal and directed his remarks
solely in defense of his aseociates and de
nunciation of their calumniators; but the
personality of the man, his powerful force
of expression, made him the idol of
the hour, an i when occasion offered
the rules of the Senate or the commands of
the Sergcant-at-Arms could not preyent
both men and women from rising in a
mass, cheering and waving bats and
handkerchiefs as an expression of their
enthusiasm.
"The proceedings are causing the most
intense interest in every circle in Sacra
mento. Everybody denounces the Exam
iner and its men lor their apparently un
warranted and malicious attacks, and is
wholly in accord with Senator Morehouse
in his war upon their slanderer."
IN A HEATeD DEBATE.
Assemb'ymen Grow Bitter In Dis
cussing 1 Agricultural District
Debts.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.— Senate
bill 90, appropriating $75,000 to pay the
debts of agricultural dis net associations,
was the subject of a heated debate in the
Assembly (his evening. The life had been
taken out of it Jast night by the amputa
tion of the enacting clause, but it was
resuscitated by a motion to reconsider,
and the sticklers for economy immediate
ly set about clubbing out its brain*.
Shanahan led the supporters of the bill
in advocating its merits, and the challenge
was responded to by Valentine of Los
Angeles, who read the law on the indebted
ness of agricultural association-! and other
corporations and the duty of the State
regarding the same. The debts of the
agricultural associations were, under the
law, Dersonal obligations of the directors
oi the various di.->trici9. He understood
that the bill wouid fit the majority of the
cases if the appropriation were cut down
to about $6000. Certain parlies had be
come responsible for the debts. They
were private, personal debts and were not
claims airainst the State.
"Toe gentleman lrom Shasta," con
tinued Mr. Valentine, '"has talked for
twenty-four hours, at a cost to in State
of $21)6 per hour, in order to save the pay
men I of $5 salary to some poor attache,
and now ne is trying to induce us to pay
the debis of those directors, that we have
no more obligation to pay than we have to
pay ttie debis of the gentleman from
Shasta. I hope you will not commit this
great blunder, this criminal waste of the
Pioney of the taxpayers in the payment of
private debts."
Sbanahan gazed in open-mouthed as
tonishment at the rash man from the
citrus belt and rose to reply, but he was
rapped down by the Speaker, on the
ground that the previous question had
been ordered on the motion to strike out
the enacting clause.
"Never mind," he said, "I'll reply to
him some other time."
Valentine s-eme.l equally astonished,
and said, "I should not be blamed for
this," as the Speaker rapped him down
also. Mr. Valentine seemed to be una
ware that he had done a thing to Mr.
iSlianahan.
MrClellan hoped that no such iniquitous
legi lation should pass.
"Who are the presidents of these agri
cultural di trict associations?" demanded
Kee.gan. "Who are they that we are asked
to make this appropr ation? They are a
lot of men we don't know, who are coming
in to ciaim this $75,000. If anybody has a
bill against the State let h:ni bring in his
bill and ask us to iay it."
The motion to str.fca out waa defeated
by a vote of 33 to 28, and the bill was
placed at the fool of tit* sp»ca Senate tile
The horse, when browsing, is guided
entirely by ihe nos:rils in the eh ice of
proper food, and bli:id horses are never
known to mate mistakes in their diet.
JONES OPPOSED
TO CINCH BILLS
Says Many Measures Are
Devised to Harass
Corporations.
Why He Does Not Favor the
Proposed Hospital- Site
Enactment.
Its Passage Would Cost the City of San
Francisco From $50,000
to $75,000. •
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.— "My
experience as a member of the Committee
on Corporations," said Assemblyman
Leon E. Jones of San Francisco, "has
opened my eyes to the existence of a large
number, of cinch bills directed against cor
porations. Tbe^e bills are unjust because
they demand unreasonable things and are
introduced for the purpose of harassing
and annoying the corporations at which
they are aimed. I have always opposed
and always will oppose such bills.
"Tne Committee on Corporations, of
which lam a member," added Mr. Jones,
ASSEMBLYMAN iEON E. JONES OF SAN FRANCISCO.
"reported favorably upon an<l materially
assisted in tbe passatre of a bill allowing
the City and County of San Francisco to
levy a tax for the purpose of building a
new County Hospital. We are now pay
ing Borne attention to a bill which has
passed the Senate and, which is now on
the Senate special file tin the Assembly.
The bill was insDired^by and is being
pushed by Adolph Sutro. It prohibits
any hospital, etc., from being erected
within 3000 feet of anj stream, lake or
reservoir. Tbe measure is intended to
prevent the building of the new City and
County Hospital in the vicinity of the
Almshouse and a tract of Und owned by
Sutro.
"If the bill should pass the House and
receive approval of the Governor it would
nece 6itaie the expenditure ot from $50,
--000 to $75,000 for the purchase of a new
site. The site near the Almshouse is a
fine one for the hospital. The ground is
high and the drainage is excellent.
"I have always worked industriously on
all the committees of which I i.aye had
the honor to be a merabsr and I spare no
pains to familiar. z^ myself with the de
tails, and the objects of each bill that
comes before v-<. When the Legislature
shall have finished its labors and ad
journed and the smoke of partisan issues
has blown away, lam confident that the
people will be thankful to the Republican
majority in the Assembly for the good
work which it has done."
IN THE UPPeR HOUSE.
Senators Agree With the Assembly
Proposal to ACjourn on
March 20.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.— As
soon as the Senate received the message
from the Assembly agreeing to adjourn
onthe2otbat noon tne Assembly mes
sage was taken up and a resolution wa*
carried without debate, so it is now set
tled that adjournment wil be taken at
that time.
Immediately afterward the Assembly
resolution suspending the joint rules —
especially the twelve-day rule — was car
ried. Friction is at an end, and from this
time on both houses will be busy day and
night.
Ibe Senate this afternoon passed as
amended Assembly bills providing ior th»
bur a! of ex-Union soMiers and marines
who m-<y hereaiter die in the State with
out sufficient means to defray funeral ex
penses, relating to th construciioa of
bridges across dutches and across high
wavas.
The bill authorizing boards of health »f
municipalities to subpena and compel the
attendance of witnesses was lost, Simp
son giving notice of a motion to recon
sider. Morehouie's bill enabling insur
ance companies to loan money to
policy-holder* on policies was also lost,
Voorheis giving notice of motion to re
consider.
Most of the evening in the Senate
va spent in purging the tiles of duplica c
bills. About tmr.y Senate bills were ex
pnnged fiom the tiles, and Assembly
duplicate bills which have passed the
House were put in their place.
Only one bi.l was considered on final
nasssee — that maKing an appropriation of
$20,000 to pay the attorney fees of Robert
V Hiyne and W. W. Foote, amounting
to $10,000 each. for services as special coun
sel in tne case of the Pacific
against the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners.
Durine the ar ument Morebouse stated
that the action was known to be useless
before the trial of the case, but he favored
.the payment of the attorney fees because
the services had been rendered.
Braoiihart denied this, stating that the
case i; at least demonstrated that this was
the fir-t comro ssion that the railroad
could not control.
speaking for the bill, said that
the fi ht should be carried to a fin sh or a
con-titutional amendment aoolishing the
commission submitted to the people.
Gillette offered ,-in amendment reducing
the claims to $6000 each, which was lost.
The bill was finally passed by a vote of 21
ayes to 14 noes.
ASSEMBLY ROUTINE.
BUI for Additional Improvements
a: Whittle- School Is
Pass=d.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., March 10,— The
Assembly to-day adopted a resolution for
the adjournment of boh houses of tbe
Legislature at noon on March 20. T c res
olution was immediately sent to the Sen
ate, where it was concurred in.
A bill was introduced appropriating
$5000, or as mucn o: that sum as may be
necessary, to pay the expenses of tti in
vestigation into the affairs of the State
Printine Offi-e.
The Assembly this afternoon passed An
drous' Senute bill providing for additional
improvements at the Whittier State
School; also Assembly bilis as foil -ws:
Mulcrevy's, for the relief of Charles F.
Wells, appropriatine money therefor;
North'?, es abashing the ees of county,
township an 1 other officers, jurors and
witnesses. The county government bill,
as amended, was sent to print.
The following Senate bills were passed
in the Asseznblv to-night: HollOAay —
Providing for lhe fencing and improve
ment of the farm property and t king care
of ;he grounds at tbe California Home for
Feeble-minded Children, nsakiig an ap
propriation of $5500 therefor. La Rue —
Prohibiting the adulteration of wine, pro
viding the penalty therefor and appropriat
ing $5000 for the enforcement of the act.
As-nnbly bills were pa«sed : Mak
ing directors of and stockholders in cor
porations liable for ihe actions of th«* cor
uoration for more than three years; per
mitting religious, social and benevolent
associations to incorporate and hold more
than iwenty acres of land; constituting
the State iJoard of Examiners a Staie
Board of Lunacy Commission for the
commitment of insane persons and for the
examination of institutions for the care
of the insane.
The House had another fight over the
suffrage question. The constitutional
amendment lost last night was taken up
lor reconsideration. A motion by North
to lay f c matter on the table indefinitely
was lost, at was a motion to nnke it a
special order for to-morrow. After con
siderable wrangling a motion to adjourn
was put and carried, and the resolution
will come up as unfinished business in the
morning.
WOULD WORK A HARDSHIP
Protest Against the Bill Extending
the Power of the Board
of Health.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.—Con
siderable opposition is being manifested
to the passage of the Ass-mbly bill which
is intended to giv« county boards of
health the power to suopena witnesses
and comp^ tnem to produce their books
and papers for examination.
It is claimed by the wholesale butchers,
dairymen and stockraisers that the meas
ure will serve no good purpose for the
public at large, and that it will only work
severe and unjust hardshps on those en
gaged in these lines of business. The
views of the=e men, as expresi-ei by a
prominent wholesale butcher, are as foi
lows:
"We are opposed to the bill for the rea
son that it would give b ards of health
power to inquire into the private business
sffairs of those aga n*t whom it is evi
dently directed, through the inspectors
who are appointed by the boards of health,
fur political purposes.
"I say for po.iucal purposes, as no man
of ability and th<? requisite experience,
considering tbe fact that the salary is only
$75 a month, could be found to perform
ilie duties of the p>>-ition.
"This would leave she parties engaged
in these industrieslat the mercy of the
boards, for any inspector could Subpena
thtm to appear beiorp th* board and com
pel th mto brin,' books und i ap?rs. And
the mere f iCt that any butcher's or dairy
man's conduct and business in Pan Fran
ci-co — whether he was Carrying on a legiti
mate business or not — was under investi
gation would injure him to serious
utent on account of the notoriety con
nected wl h it.
"We are in favor of the law as it stands
now, foritpive* the Boa d of Health <>r
any other citizen ample power to subpena
and arrest any person who has not carried
on the business in accordance with the
pure ood 1 ws already adopted. As the
law is now they can arrest anybody and
bring him before a Police Court to be
tried.
"What these boards of health want is to
try these parties twice for one effer.se —
firs to bring them before the Board of
Heahti and when in the judgment of the
Board of Healti they are guiltr, it will be
compe led to sw«»ar to a complaint cbars
inj; these men with the offense and bring
the matter up In the Police Court.
"The butchers, dairymen and stock
raisers do not think it is just that they
should be selected out of tne many kimis
of in I ustri**<« that are conducting a busi
ness in San Francisco aud he compelled to
practically app-ar before two courts in
s.cad of one."
Ex 'miners Approve Dibble's Hill.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., March 10.— The
ten aays' limit within which the Governor
could ar>Dr<>ve ol Dibble's bill appropriat
ing $35,000 for the support pi the printing
office expired to-day without any action
having been taken by the Executive. At
a aieet n • of tue Board oi Kxarniners this
afternoon tbe bill was approved by the
board.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or witboui removal. J. Soouan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SCOVEL OUT OF
A CUBAN PRISON
Released Upon the Appeal
of His Father for
Mercy.
Zsal ia Serving His Paper Is
Pleaded in Eeha ; f of
the Son.
It Is Said the You^s M^n Will Not
Accept Freedom on the Con
ditions Imposed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
State Department has received a cable
message from Con3ul-General L?e at
Havana announcing that the New York
corresj ondent Scovel was released to-day.
CHICAGO, 111., March 10.— A special to
the Daily News from Washington says:
The news that the Queen of Spain has or
dered the release oi Syivester Scovel, cor
respondent of a New York newspaper,
who is in a Cuban priaou, creates much in
terest.
The release was made on the petition of
Scovei's father. Ha requested the release
"« n the ground of mercy, not of justice."
The father of the correspondent made a
touching application to the Spanish Min
ister, and attributed his son's action to
his zeal to serve his newspaper and not to
a desire to aid the insurgent-' cause.
The Spanish authoriti-s refused to have
the release made through the ordinary
■ iiplomatic way because they did not
want a record made of it in the State De
ia:tment as a precedent. Tne Spanish
Minister, on receipt of the letter from
Scovei's father, indorsed it and forwarded
it to the Queen, who ordered his release.
It is reported here to-day that Scovel
will refuse to accept the release on the
conditions imposed by tho Spanish Gov
ernment. This information comes from
the newspaper which employed tha cor
respondent. If Scovel maintains this at
titude the Spanish Minister intimates
that be will take no further interest in the
case.
THE PHlLimAt; REVOLT.
Rebel* Bceotnintj Holder and Store Vigor
ous in don.
MADRID, Spain. March 10. — A dis
patch from Manila, capital of the Philip
pine Islands, to the Imparcial says that
the situation there is very unsatisfactory
and that it would be necessary for Spanish !
troops to occupy the entire island in
order to 'completely crush the rebellion.
The rebels are becoming bolder and more
vigorous in their action, and the ap
proaching rainy season will still further
hamper the operations of the troops.
General Polevieja, Captain-General of
the islands, will shortly return to Spain,
his health having become impaired and
bis ailments greatly aggravated by the
care and worrimentof his being hampered
in bis operations by the Government. It
is feared at Manila that the war in the
Philippine Islands is worse than in Cuba.
3tnrrme->t » of the Bermuda.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March 10.— Tup
steamer Bermuda arrived at Fcrnandina
late last nieht and is still there. Rumors
ttiat she was seized are not confirm d to
night. It is thought here that there is no
foundation for them.
American Ci'iz'-o Villar Liberated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
Secretary of State nas received the follow
ing cablegram:
Cienfcegos. Cuba, March 9.
Antonio Suerez del Villar liberated.
McGakr, Consul.
All the information at the Department
of State that was communicated to tbe
Senate by Secretary Olney on January 25
is as follows:
"Case No. 43 shows that Villar Is a native of
Cuba, naturalized; arrested at Cienfuegos
September 5, 1896; charged with purchase
adjd concealment of arms and ammunition;
case sent to civil jurisdiction December 23,
1896; in prison at Cienfuegos; case poncling."
FANATICS OF BAHIA.
They Are Rapidly Increasing in Numbers.
More Government Troops Sent io
Subdue Them.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— The
Herald special cable from Buenos Ayros
says: "Rio Janeiro advices state tnat mar
tial law has been declared In the State of
Babia, where the fanatics, under Antonio
Conselheiro, are engaged in a serious re
bellion.
The Government has dispatched Gen
eral Cantuzia to Bahia with a large force
of artillery, the rebels in the last battle
with the Brazilian troops having captured
many of their ecuns. Within eignt days
the Government will also »end 6000 in
fantry and cavalry re-enforcements to
Bi .ia.
The War Department has received in #
formation to the eff»ct that tha fanatics
are now more than 15 000 in number, and
that their strength is daily increasing.
Busine«s in Bahia is completely para yzed,
KEW TO-nAT
Are you
Particular
about what's
put into your
food? See that
your cook uses
Baking Powder
42 XUlmann & Bendel, Mfra,
and the Government is much aeitaud at
tiie prosnect, especially sine* the dis
a trous defeat oi the federal iroops.
It is stated ;hat Colone Tanturamino
was not killed at Kanudos and that he ia
now in Monte Santo.
While there is less excitement in Rio
Jan iro, monarchists are s 1 111 threatened
when they app'ar on the streets.
Many of itiera have taken refuge in the
legations. .
Tne newnpaiipr offices are guaaded by
the police and detachments of troops and
bodies of cavalry and mounted police
patrol the highways.
BIS MARCH. srt.ECBJjF.Ss.
He Alto buffer* .From Xeuralgia and
: Lo* < of Slurp.
BERLIN, Germany, March 10.—
Harn-urger Nnoiirich:en announces fat
Prince Bismarck has lately been in Door
nealth and is now suffering from chronic
neuralgia, which deprives him of the
power of speech and renders it impossible
for him to 8 eep.
The ex-Chancellor, the paper says,
rather dread the celebration of the anni
versary of his birth on April. 1. Though
he will not forbid the ho:di is? of a torch
light procession in is Donor on his birth
day, he will be a silent spectator of the
parade. ". ', ..'■•■» -■•':' .
DEATH AT SAL I LAKE.
General Frtdrrie* f>olomon Croaaea to
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 10.—-Fred
erick Solomon, a distinguisneii Union
general in the War of the Rebellion, died
here yesterday at the nee of 71, after a
lingering illness. He was a native of
Geimany. but became a resident of St.
Louis and er.ter d the Union army with a
.regiment fiom that c ty. After the war
hp was appointed Surveyor-General of
Utah by Pres dent Grant and held the
office for two terms. He had a brilliant
war record.
jew to-dat:
—
Leaders
This Week.
Breakfast Sets
Very Pretty, and such
Cheap Prices.
, EVERYBODY < M UFFQRP ONE,
wmf% PIECES Pure White English (% 7C
M Porcelain,' complete English "jf *:§■<*
Porcelain, complete for six "I • • «~>
111 persons, quality warranted #.
UV very be5t......... mm pr set
am g\ PIECES Beautiful Sunnier-
En 8 I time Decoration, Gold Knam- ■ f\C\
ill eled Handles and Gold Trr - M.\J\J
%J \3 mings, complete for six p .- §JL
sons, warranted best quality. I pr set
PIECES Autumn Wild Flow-
Mer Decoration, with Gold
Handles and Gold Trim- ■ QC
raings, very pretty, complete ' 13 i^ZtsJ
for six persons, best quality, £L
warranted HT pr set
mg\ PIECES Handsome Chrvsan- .
M PIECES Handsome Chrvsan- b 7C
themum Decoration, Gold II- a
|l| lnminaied. Gold Handles and H.I'D
UU Gold Trimmings, a real gem, £L
compete for six persons.. TT pr set
- PIECES Apple Blossom Deco- /
f A ration, Handles and Trim- »■
Jail mi "8 s in. Gold, complete for aTJ C
SSI six persons,-, rich and hand- I?; % I w
VV some, quality warranted very OS ).) '
-, i best Upr so
Tea, Dinner and
Breakfast Sets.
Newest
Shapes, Richest Decorations,
1 A T •»*■■»• . V.
Winning Pries.
Given Free:
A Nice Present to Each Cnstomer.
OPERATING
1 OO STORES
ENABLES US TO SELL
Very Cheap.
Great Anierlcanlmportina Tea Cbl
MONEY SAVING STORES:
| 1244 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. aiB Ihird st.
14* Sixth st. 200S Fiilmore St.
! 617 carry st. 965 Market St.
1419 Polk st. •,:..'., ' ■ 3006 Sixteenth at
1 131 Montgomery avtt. 104 Second si.
i 333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission St.
53 Market cL (Headquarters), S. P. -
-i •033 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
' 11l MO Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaai
1510 Seventh st, Oakland, Center Station.
1355 Park St., Alcmeda. r *
Are You 111 ?
; Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Weil ? I
——IF 8O USE—— . '. *
DR. MARTIN'S
111 11 11
OF THE AGE,
s? nStasa^SjL^ foe . nnMA|
A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Vcuralgiu, Fains In Gen.
era!, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat.
Pneumonia,, Diabetes, NerVous Com-
plaints, Disease ©r the Stsmach and
Bowels Generally, Liver and Kldnef
Complaints, cluticn, Lumbago, Golds,
Coughs, Local and General Debility,
Headache,. Earache, Toothache. Sick-
ness in Stomach. Bao«ache, Burns, Swel*
lings. Boils, Sores, Ulcers, '- Colic,
ramps. Sprains, Bruises, Scalds,
Wounds, Indlgestlos, Skin Diseases,
£xcenslTe Itchlngs and many other
complaints too numerous to name here.
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle,
D L> «« C A LLIS H - Wholesale Agent lor the. i
Pacific Coa4t, San Jose, Cal. \ m m
For sale by all druggists. ■■■ The trade supplied 1 '
<* «« Las
"i
BHrlHHWM^B^FifMßMßMß^^Hl^^S^^SSa^ttA^UL*f^Tf t*^TRAIN GOES OVER
AN EMBANKMENT
Catastrophe Caused by the
Heavy Rainfall in
Indiana.
Newspaper Men Refused Trans
portation to the Scene of
the Wreck.
But It Is Known That Five Persons
Have Been Killed and Two
Badly Injured.
EVANBVILLE, Ind., March 10.— The
Chicago and Nashville Limited passenger
train, south-bound from Chicago, was
wrecked this morning at 10 :30 o'clock at a
point one mile south of Hazelton, Ind.,
and thirty-seven miles north of Evans
ville, on the Evansville and Terre Haute
road.
It ■was a very difficult matter to obtain
accurate information, as the railroad offi
cials were unusually reticent and refused
newspaper men transportation* to the
scene of the wreck. The latest and most
reliable report is rive men were killed and
two seriously injured, as follows:
Killed — Herbert B. Allen of Evansville,
caught in the smokpr and drowned; Jo
seph Boleman of Evansville, fireman;
John Sears of Terre Haute, conductor;
two unknown.
Injured — Brakeman Hauisen of Evans
ville and G. B. Henderson, brother of ex-
State Auditor Henderson. Both are se
riously injured.
The accident was the result of the heavy
rains in Southern Indiana, and when the
trajn reached the fill the embankment
suddenly gave way and the eneine, bag
gage-car and part of the smoker dropped
into about six feet of water.
A telephone message from Hazelton
says there is another crevasse between
White River bridge and the one where tne
train was wrecked, it is spreading rap
idly and the damage to the roadbed will
be very serious. It was reported that an
overcoat marked "J. T. Phillips" was
found floating in the water near the
wreck.
The damage to the roadbed of the
Evansville and Terre Haute and the
Evansvilie and Indianapolis railroads by
the recent rains and floods is estimated at
$1,000,000.
WOMEN OFFICE-SEEKERS.
Belva Lockwood's Partner Wants the Colom
bian Miss/on — Europe Would Suit
an lowa Lady.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10 —A Sun
special from Washington says: Miss Mar
ilia Ricfeer of Xi-w Hampshire desires to be
appointed Minister to the Republic of
Colombia, and Miss Cora C. Weed of Mus
catine, lowa, nas applied for one of the
European positions. There is nothing in
the law to prevent the appointment of a
wen.an to a consular or diplomatic place,
but it is doubtful whether & foreign Gov
ernment would receive an envoy of that
sex. The duties of Consul might be per
formed easily by a woman.
Mis? Ricker was formerly a resident of
"Washington and a partner of Beiva A.
Lockwood. She was the first woman ad
mitted to practice in the courts of New
England. She is a large, fine looking per
son, 4U years old or thereabout, with short
curly hair and rather masculine air. She
was for years a familiar figure on the
streets of this city.
Miss Weed is said to be a bright young
woman and has held several appointments
under the State government of lowa.
Mrs. J. Elien Foster, lormerly of lowa,
is a daily visitor at the White House. She
asks the appointment oi her husband as
Governor of New Mexico, and bases his
claims upon her services to the Republi
can party in the campaigns. She has not
been able to see the President, but has
been down at the Interior Department
and has had several interviews with Sec
retary Porter. There are several other
women here assisting their husbands or
sons to appointment.
Mrs. McKinley, however, has not re
ceived any women otfics-seekers, except
Mrs. Logan and Mrs. Fred Grant, who
know her personally and are always wel
come at the "W hite House.
KENTUCKY BRINGS SUIT.
Southern Pacific Fails to Make a State
ment of Its Business for the
Last Four Years.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., March 10.— The
State of Kentucky this afternoon sued the
Southern Pacific Railway Company for
$137,500 for failure to make a statement
of its business during the years 1893-94-95
--96. as required by the law taxing fran
cnises, the railroad company's charter
having been granted by the Kentucky
Legislature.
FRANKFORT, Kt., March 10.—Gen
eral Basil Duke, Judge Humphrey and
other Southern Pacific Rttorneys ex
pressed great surprise when they were
informed to-day by the atternoon news
papers that suits had been fiied against
the road. They wired Attorney-General
Taylor asking for a conference to-morrow,
at. which they desire to present their pro
posed compromise. They will arrive here
at 10 o'clock, but it i« not likely w.ll suc
ceed in getting a with Irawal of the suit
unless they agree to pay the full sum
asked for.
A. FREE HEAVER CALX,.
Convention to Jif I£*ltl Late This Month
at Lincoln, Xrbratka.
.OMAHA, Nebr., March 10.— A confer
ence of free silver Republicans was held
in this city two weeks age, at which the
question of forming a State silver Re
publican party was discussed. Prominent
men from all over the State were present,
and the opinion prevailed that a State
convention should be called. To-day a
■call was issued by the Free Silver Re
publicans of the Nebraska Legislature
which read in part as follows:
"To the Free Silver Republicans of the
State of Nebraska: Following theexample
of Hons«. H. M. Teller. F. Dubois and the
other Free Silver Republicans of the
United States Senate and House of Rep
resentatives, and in response to their call
for the organization" oi the Free Silver
Republicans of the United States, issued
from Washington under date of February
23,1897. we the Free Silver Republicans of
the Stale of Nebraska, invite you to meet
in conference at Lincoln, Nebraska, March
27, JLB97, at 2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of naming a provisional National Com
mittee and for the transaction of any
other business that may properly come
before the conference." ; ..
■ ■ ■ ■ >
Fntnl Tnrnet Practice on the I antic.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— The
Herald's special cable from ]#ontevideo,
Uruguay, says: While the crew of the old
fashioned cruiser Yantic was practicing
at targets in La Plate River Monday one
of the guns was discharged prematurely,
Killing one man and seriously wounding
two.
WANTED TO SEE THE FIGHT.
Well-Kncwn Basebail- Player Who Goes
Out of His Profession to Raise
the Money.
CAMDEN, 5. J., March 10.— To get
money •with which to go to Carson City,
Nev., to see the coming prizs fight Char
ley Snyder, a well-known baseball-player,
became a burglar and is now behind the
bars at the Stockton town jail, where
he was placed at midnight Monday night.
Snyder beard John Trost, a saloon
keeper of Mariner avenue^ remark several
days ago that he had $300 in a bureau
drawer at home. On Monday the ball
player loitered around the hotel and told
his frienas that he was getting ready to
go to Carson City to see the right. It was
generally known that Snyder was penni
less and Trost told Chief of Police John
sjn that he suspected Snyder was up to
no gooa. Chief Johnson detailed an otfl
cer to watch Trost's house and about 11
o'clock Snyder was seen to place a ladder
to' a second-story window and enter me
room.
The officer notified Trost and the couple
went upstairs just in time to find Snyder
in the act of prying open the bureau
drawer where Trost bad the money. Sny
der was locked up. He told the jailkeeper
yesterday that he had made three previ
ous attempts to enter Trost's house.
Snyder was at one time catcher for the
Louisville baseball team.
TARRED A*l> J- A THE RED.
Mormon Bldera Becrive Whittcap Treat
ment in J-lorida.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10. — A
Times' special from McClenny, Fla., says:
Six Mormon elders who had been prose
lyting near here were taken in hand by a
crowd of crackers yesterday, tarred and
feathered and sent out of the county, fol
lowed by a volley of buckshot. For two
monthstney had been making converts of
the women and holding meetings in a
camp at Ten- mile CreeK.
Last night a meeting of crackers was
held and the men swooped down on the
Mormons* Futeen women were found
with them, including one mother and her
four daughters. The women were threat
ened with chastisement and one woman
was whipped with hickory sticks.
WHITE PLAYS CHECKMATE.
Heard of an Effort to Delay the Appro
priation lor the Deep Sea Har
bor at San Pedro.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— It
seems that the persevering C. P. Hunting
ton has not yet given up all hope of defeat
ing the appropriation for ban Pedro har
bor. Notwithstanding the almost uuani
mons report of the commission against
Santa Monica, and in favor of San Pedro,
he and his agents are endeavoring to de
feat the execution of the appropriation act
of Congress.
Senator White learned to-day that Hunt
ington, Senator Frye and Engineer Hood
of the Southern Pacific had appeared De
fore the new Secretary of War and had
endeavored to gain his consent to a delay
in making contracts tor the improvements
at San Pedro until Mr. Morgan, one of the
members of the commission, could file a
minority report dissenting irom the views
of the majority of that board.
Senator White spent an hour with Sec
retary Alger and explained tne whole
situation to him. The Secretary had not
Deen familiar with the matter and thanked
Senator White for posting him.
WAR l>t.P .\KTM EST FLAO.
Secretary Alger Adopts the Design of
Hi* JPredecetsvr.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—Or
ders issued from army headquarters con
tain a provision adopting a flag for the
Secretary of War, its approval being one
of the last acts of Secretaiy Lamont.
The new regulation is in part as follows: j
The flag will be scarlet bunting,
measuring twelve feet fly and six feet
eight inches hoist, having upon it an
eagle with outstretched wings. On the
breast of the eagle is a United States shield,
in the right talon an olive branch with
berries, and in the left a bunch of arrows.
In the eaele's beak a scroll with the
motto, "E Plnribus Unum."
In the field of :he shield there shall be
placed two rows of stars, six in the upper
and seven in the lower row, placed
equally distant apart. There shall also be
placed in each corner of the flag a white
star, the measurement of which shall be
9-8 inches from point to point.
Colors of silk ar« also provided. The
Secretary of the Navy has a somewhat
similar flag, the color being bine. This
was adopted eight years ago. The Pres.
dent of the United States has had a
special flag for ten years.
BESATB ADJOIHXS BIXB DIB.
This It Done to Prevent Pottible i.m
barras intent*.
WASHINGTON, D. Q, March 10.—Dur
ing the executive session of the Senate
to-day attention was called to the fact
that it having agreed to adjourn until
half-past 11 o'clock next Monday, an em
barrassing condition of affairs would re
sult Mioiild any nominations be sent to
the Senate that day. The President has
called an extraordinary session of the
Fifty-fifth Congress, to convene March 15
at noon. The present session of the Sen
ate will end at noon on that day. Any
nominations sent in would, therefore,
have to be acted upon within the half
hour the body would be in session, or they
would fail, and the President would have
to send them in again during the regular
session.
The Senate was this morning advised that
there would be no important nominations
before next week.
Ttie AlasKan boundary treaty was re
ported from the committee.
SIMPLY TAlIi THhIK RE&PECTB.
Senator* Teller, Fettiarew and Cannon
Slake a'i Explanation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—Sen
ators Teller, Pettigrew and Cannon, three
of tha bolting Silver Republicans, are
quoted in dispatches in the morning
papers as having yesterday during their
visit to the White House, assured the
President that they would not stand in
the way of or object to any tariff scheme
that might be suggested by the new ad
ministration. These Senators wish the
United Associated Presses to say for them
that they called upon Mr. McKiniy sim
ply to pay their respects, and they added
with emphasis that during the time they
were in the presence of the Executive
neither the subject of tariff nor patron
age was mentioned or referred to in the
most indirect manner by any of the
parties.
HiH Take Up the Treaty To-morrow.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—
The Senate Commir.tee on Foreign Rela
tions decided to take up the general treaty
of arbitration between the United Slates
and Great Britain at a special meeting on
Friday. The Alaskan boundary treaty was
ordered favorably reported.
Fietorin Takes an Airing.
LONDON, Enq., March 10.— The Queen,
accompanied by Princess Henry of Bat
tenburg, started from Windsor this morn
ing for Portsmouth. There her Majesty
will embark on the royal yacht Vicioria
for Cherbourg, where she will take a
special train for the Riviera.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
NEW TO-DAY-CL,OTHISG.
QrirsTnrirsTririrtrttTnrtnnrsTnn a a a a tnnmnrs mmnro" TmmnnroinnnroTrra
i t o Remember, this challenge is for Thursday, Friday and Saturday:- 3
Wjp jjJpyp© \ One thing bear in mind, we handle the finest clothes for Men, Boys 3
J^A\K.F lIF JR/VV^TA li and Children in America, and all these fine goods are at Challenge 3
' VWifc WUL. Pyq^r©> yctbX^ I Prices. You'll never forget this challenge. You'll wish we issued chal- 3
(EADERS'AI?^" AwKl lenges every day in the year. [ >" i 3
MARB JaN^X I^^^ &ULSJUUUIJLaA.9-.9.9 99999 9, gg 9J?JUUL9J?.A A.9JL9..9.9. fIJL9JL9JIJULgJL&&JI&JIJUt^^
IMPyH The Gauntlet
Thrown Down!
/^^^^^^9\ : Who'll Dare Pick It Up?
A f^G *&/ T T 11U 11 L/Cll V 1 IvlV It %*J JL/ •
x /^tdr /^Ss<\ In times of old it was a custom to show strength in the gladiatorial
' h>f — > 1/ J >s/\' We have challenged the clothiers of this Coast from time to time, and' we
>^jpijj^gfß=~^ 1/iv challenge 'em again to-day to name prices equal to ours, to show up a line
/ (l/^?^" I■' / of goods equal to ours, to show up an assortment as large, but not one of 'em
W^M!L^f^=hr^~^^-l_^ 1 1! 'has accepted the challenge. They Jiave admitted their weakness. They
\~=L have admitted that they are not in a position to compete with us.
"^^i&lgAoV They know the boldness, the dash, the vim, the pluck, the dare-devil spirit
■%Jv\ sS^^<^*v of the Frisco boys. They know it's impossible to follow in the footsteps of the
Big Kearny -street House.
• To-day we demonstrate to the people how much cheaper the big store sells
goods than all other stores. Every department will feel the cut.
Always the Challenger
But Never Challenged.
Always Doing Better
For You Than Others,
But Never Allowing Others
To Do As Well As We.
Challenge The Price That Hurts
n-,Vpc OTJE COMPETITORS.
f\ ItC^ Some 1500 of the hand-
Mean aheap to you ;to- \^l sorriest suits you've ever
day some 600 pretty Reef O&Jc^L l a id your eyes upon ; $5
er Suits with deep sailor ' /V^Tpik. and $6 values, heavy
collar, elegantly braid- C^ff/ !Mci.^| iv eight and ' medium;
ed ; ages 4to 10 and for fcfc]! 0 •r^vl spring '97, in Reefer
the bigger boys, ages 9 *w|lJ3(» ' r^f style, elegantly tailored;
to 15 -"handsome color- %P>, <WJ buckle at the knee ; ages
ings, blues included; M W 4 to 10 ; also for bigger
you've always paid for Wlm boys, (tors; oto 15; the
'em $3.50. an swellest stuff at the tini-
nTT d TTVAW7? J& & est price. Get in while
X/lrnw the assortment is large.
ItlL^ CHALLENGE PRICE
—$1.65— — $2.50.—
Challenge f% Who EVer Heard of
eJyjT Buying a Long-Pants
PriCe J^l/Wjo^^\ Reefer Suit at this price?
\» i^AJ \ It's a teaser, made from
On the Big Boys' Suits, X'SA \ blue twill yacht cloth,
" 3 •VJr-4 I the reefer collar trim-
in handsome colorings, ) '^SpUj mcd with black or white
tailored up to date; ages Y^rP / aid ; felong pants in
' ' * /I true sailor style ; they re
12 to 19, and the price i \\ great values while they
, • // / I last. ;•"■,•_-'
during this great sale is / • \ CHALLENGE
\\ i I PRICE ' ■
—$3.65.— P V —$2.95.—
This challenge places in your
way some swell Cape Coats,
made with deep military cape,
in blue and medium, light and
dark colorings; braid on the
cape; worth ; ages 3 to 10.
CHALLENGE
PRICE
—$1.95.—
Some 200 dozen Boys' Yacht
and Golf Caps will be included
in this Great Challenge Sale, in
pretty Scotches.
In our Big Hat Department
to-day at
—15c—
RAPHAITS
(Incorporated),
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
HATS.
The Challenge Prices mean a
heap to you in our big Hat De-
partment.
Over 1000 dozen of Men's Fine
Fedora Hats; silk band and
binding; in black, brown and
otter and many other shades.
Our regular $1.50 Hat.
CHALLENGE PRICE
TO-DAY
~75c.~
RAPHAEL!
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
We
Challenge
Any house to meet our prices
on those beautiful Black Clay
Worsted Cutaway Suits; also
in Double- Breasted Sacks, tail-
ored up to date ; those pretty
overplaids ; no :i end of pretty
suits in tweeds; all colorings;
not one among 'em that isn't
worth $15.00.
Challenge
Price
.' ; . _. v .• ! . •. ;-." "TTTTTT™ ■ .''•. 1 . '.'.". : .". ■. v . . i. . . 1 1 1 T7^T^*l
Challenge
Prices
Mean a Heap
To You.
The sweUest of Suits, the cream
of our stock, is placed in this
great sale; the most handsomely
gotten up and tailored garments
your eyes ever beheld. Your
tailor would charge you at least
$40 to $50 for like values. We
have never sold the like hereto-
fore under $20, and then they
were cheap at that.
All these garments, every col-
or, every style imaginable, are
in this great , . . '
Challenge J
Sale at
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
Showing the Handsomest
Boys' and Children's Clothing
I For Spring,
Challenge
Prices
On some 1500 Suits an d Over-
coats, cleverly tailored, in all
the swell colorings, blue, black
and brown. Not a Suit or Over-
coat in the whole 1500 of 'em
that can be duplicated under
$10
Challenge
Price,
,
RAPHAEL'S
TEE KING PINS
FOE OVERCOATS.
The
Overcoats.
A Swell Overcoat in blue and
black kersey, with deep velvet
collar; also in tan covert cloths ;
extraordinary values and price
perplexers. "' Double the price
won't touch 'em in other stores.
In this
Great
Challenge
at
A^fli Gt^ J-
We'll Perfectly
Overwhelm You
With Overcoats
In this great masterly chal-
lenge sale. They are . perfect
beauties.
Some spring buds among 'em.
That Swell English Box in tans
and blues. _
Those pretty Royal Kerseys in
all the handsome shades. And
how they are made ! Seeing is
believing. Our window is our
silent salesman. Our store docs
the rest.
All these Beautiful Overcoats
in this Great
§§ Challenge
Sale ' '■:•'
at
|lafe^MMfi^f:-'^ ji) .
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
9, 11, 18, 15 Kearnij St.
34
UNDOING
A BAD MAN
AND HIS
PERFIDY
Wage - Earners Learn the
Truth of Hearst's Friend
ship for Them.
THE HIGH PRIEST OF BLACK
MAIL REVEALED AS HE
REALLY IS.
The Cotton-Mill Employes Protest Against
the Operation of His SanQuentin JutemiL
Some Very Caustic Criticisms From Business Men
on the Faker " Examiner's " Convict
Connections.
The Labor Council and Unions Preparing to Investigate
the Methods of the Viper Journal That
Betrays Them.
The undoing of & bad man has begun. The story of his doable-dealing has been
given to the world, and the signs of the reckoning are already visible. The mask
behind which he has been so long masquerading has been lilted and those who have
eves may see him for what ne is worth. Already the finger, that ringer that somehow
or other always has a tendency to point at the guiltr, is directed toward him. A
wrong is in a lavorable way to be righted. A hypocrite has been exposed and people
now know VV. K. Hearst as impersonated and spiritualized in the San Francisco
Examiner for what he really is.
There is no tendency on the part of the public to interfere with this apostle of
blackmail and high priest of thug journalism m his business methods. If he cares
to buy his supplies in Jericho or San Quentin there is no law that can stop him.
There was no disposition to criticize the action of his business manager, T. T. Wil
liams, in making a special contract with Warden Hale for Examiner twine supplies.
Williams, of course, was dome this for the millionaire who employed him. The
prison authorities knew this, and now that the world may read Mr. Hearst as he
really is there is no tendency to cast odium upon the man who actually engineered
the deal.
Already the "Monarch" of hypocrites has begun to prepare for the wrath that is
to come. It is preparing to explain that it was forced to buy twine goods from ban
Quentin Prison because it was unable to get a similar article maae by free iabor.
Already it is preparing to declare that it was not a desire to save 2 cents a pound on
Jute goods that led it to make a special contract for convict-made articles, but rather
to explain that one of the purposes in establishing the jutemill wa3 to protect the
people of the State from the operations of a trust in this class of goods.
Tnere is little to be said in reply to these arguments. The goods that the Exam
iner uses are to-day and hare been a special article of manufacture by the local cotton
mills. The Examiner, it is true, saved not a large amount in buying the convict
output, but the issue is not a matter of dollars and cents, but of principle.
The moment Hearst sees fit to repudiate his prison contract by caving 2 cents
more a pound for his goods there are on sale in a score of places in this City tons of
twine similar to that be now purchases from the convict jutemills.
The Veil Falls From the Eyes of
the Workingmen of San Francisco.
By 1 o'clock yesterday nearly every workingman in the City had read The Call's
expose of the Examiner's hypocrisy in masquerading as the champion of free labor
while It was in reality a patron of convict labor. The proof was so conclusive that it
was not even questioned, and many expressed curiosity as to what apology or excuse
the jutemill monarch would make, if any. To many the plain, unvarnished disclosure
of facts was a painful sarprise, for they bad heard the Faker's profession of friendship
for free Jabor so often that they really believed it was sincere.
At the meetings of the unions and in places where workingmen are accustomed
to congregate the unmasking of the hypocrite by The Call was generally discussed
last evening. The expose was aa eye-opener, and judging from the expressions of
those who i aye been deceived, the matter will not pass without some further notice.
The duplicity of a large daily newspaper in pretending to be the fxeina of free
labor and dealing in convict goods was heartily condemned by all.
At the Granite Cutters' Union, at 1159 Mission street, the secretary read to the
union The Call's expose.
It will be remembered that when this union was agitating the park scandal — the
Grant monument being dressed by Folsom felons — the Examiner was loudly cham
pioning the union's cause. It did so in its publications of May 12, 13, 14 and 15, 1896.
At the same time its mailroom supplies were being made by convicts' hands.
As Cotton-Mill Workers
View the Examiner
o . o
£ OAKLAND, CAL., March William F. Doig, the assistant man- %
jo ager of the California Cotton-Mills, said to-day: "Some of our employes °
o took a ball of our twine this morning, as soon as they read THE CALL, %
8 ' and called upon R. M. Fitzgerald, President of the Board of Prison Di- °
' o rectors. They were going to ascertain if our twine was not as good and ©
£ in fact the same material, and then urge him to stop such work. He is a £
3 friend of the laborer, and has shown it in more' ways than one. In fact, ©
° he and Warden Hale have been very favorable to us, and whenever they 3
P> received application for goods that we manufactured have sent us the or- 3
to der. Mr. Fitzgerald has assured us on various occasions that the prison- ©
g ers were making only sugar and grain bags, and would not be allowed to °
jo compete in our business. 1 firmly believe that he was not aware of this ©
C gross perfidy on the part of the Examiner. ©
t ■ " Mr. Fitzgerald was not in his office to-day, but the men will appeal 5
o to him to protect their bread and butter. They propose to keep at this 3
■ \°\ until the works at San Quentin are either stopped by law or the products 3
£ are refused on the markets. v : - 3
;° "I am not surprised after all that the Examiner has done this. I °
o believe it to be capable of doing anything. It is absolutely without ©
0 principle, and this matter of purchasing twine is only in line with its °
% daily course. The abominable, home-destroying agency Is not appar- ©
% ently contented with trying to ruin the minds of our children, but is °
■ o anxious to rob them of their means of support .-,'. . %
, % ■ "For many years, in fact ever, since that jutemill at San Quentin %
0 was opened, our people have been doing all in their power to prevent the •«»
o .competition from becoming disastrous, and so long as it was confined to %
!° bag-making we did not feel it, but if the prison is being encouraged by 1°
o the Examiner to make goods In competition with our people then the con- ©
2 dition is indeed serious. ;. *j
fc 11 At present we employ 350 people, and when the new tariff is in 5
% effect we expect to employ another hundred, but not if we have to pit 3
o our honest employes against the product of convicts." '_" / ' 3.
'£■ nr ; : ; ■ ■ " ... ■'•; ■•>:.--•:.■■•,: o(
CjULJLJLSUUUUULaiUUUUJLRJULJ^^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
jreat crowds congregated about the Business Office of THE CALL yesterday to discuss the exprse of Hearst's Examiner
as an exclusive patron of convict supplies. It was a sullen and angry throng. In their indignation at being
betrayed, business men and workers forgot the humorous side of the story. The expose of Hearst's convict
connections was posted on the bulletin-board, about which the people surged all day.
The workingmen have good memories, wnich served them well last evening when
they made a careful comparison of these tell-tale dates. Much of the session was con
sumed in discussing the matter, and-ii is needless to say that no flowery resolutions to
the Examiner were passed. The Examiner's representatives, usually present with
ready-made resolutions complimentary to itself, showed the good judgment to keep
away from the labor unions last evening.
The Labor Council to Investigate the
Viper Journal That Betrayed It.
The "Jutemill Monarch" must answer for its sinning and double dealing to the
San Francisco Labor Council. The members of that organization understand that
they cannot prevent Mr. Hearst from buying his supplies where he pleases, but they
ask that they be not hoodwinked by the paper he owns. They realize that they, in
company with all other wage-earners, have been betrayed and deceived. The leaders
of the council are so indignant that they can nottrust themselves to speak.
"I caa tell you this," said a prominent member of the council, "that something
Wage-Earners Oppose
The Hearst Jutemill
£ OAKLAND, CAL., March io.—C. D. Rogers, President of the 9,
£ Alameda County Federation of Trades, when seen at his home to-night £j
jo said : • . \ ■■ '. •"■ '• /= ; ;' : J, 3
£ ■ » '"I was greatly surprised at THE CALL'S expose this morning in re- 3
|o gard to the Examiner purchasing its twine supply at San Quentin. If this 5
£ is true the Examiner has certainly given the laboring men a hard blow. 3
Jo We considered it our friend, for on its face the Examiner is anything to °j
% help : the laborer. The trade unions have fought San Quentin products 3
J° ever since the State began to compete against them. Resolution after 3
Jo resolution has been passed and appeal after appeal made to protect them- 3
! * selves and theirs against prison products. f 3
jo "If the Examiner has prayed for us and fought against us all of this «3
i* time and it is capable of proof I think the federation will undoubtedly 3
Jo take the matter up to-morrow night at its meeting. We may have the 3
% whole San Quentin fight to make over again." £j
C "•- >'. -- - • erf
. VlO oft 0 0 Q_Q Q_QJ> 0 0 OOOQO^QQQPQOgOQPgQQ 0 0.0 00008 oft 0 QJLgJt J
will happen in the council before many days. The labor onions have been betrayed;
they have been nursing a viper in their midst, and they have discovered it, and 1 am
very much mistaken if they do not take action to set itself right."
The Labor Council is composed of representatives of certain of the labor unions of
the City. It has kept itself free from interference with affairs not directly connected
with labor interests, and especially, as the members say, from "newspaper contro
versies," but they feel that a Ban Francisco business concern, regardless of its
character or by whom conducted, that deals in prison-made goods is one that calls
for an investigation. It is^propoted that an investigation shall be held. The Labor
Council meets Friday night.
The California Labor Convention, representing over thirty trades unions,
formed in December for the purpose of proposing and amending labor laws, will hold
a meeting, probably its last, on Sunday evening. It presented some twenty-two
labor bills to the Legislature. Among the bills proposed was one touching tnis mat
ter of prison-made goods. It was "An act to provide for the branding of all articles
manufactured in prisons."
This act, however, was stricken out, as the report of the work of the convention
says, because "the convention placed itself on record as being unalterably opposed to
manufacturing or producing any article in the penal institutions of this State that
will come in competition with free labor. We recommend the passage of a law brand
ing goods manufactured in other States."
This is high ground for the labor convention to take. It refuses to recognize the
fact that the great State of California could be guilty of knowing y manufacturing
goods in its prisons that would enter into competition with its free labor. It. is not
likely that this convention will adjourn without taking cognizance of the fact that the
so-called champion of free labor is discovered to be covertly taking advantage of the
cheap labor and machinery of San Quentin to save a few dimes.
James Rose is president of the labor convention and Guy Lathrope is its secretary.
Did Hearst Violate the Law in
His Contract for Convict Goods?
The faot that the Examiner people were not required to file an affidavit in accord
ance with law that the twine was for their own nse is due to the courtesy extended
the paper by Warden Hale. As the guardian of the prison the Warden did not believe
that Mr. Hearst was going to resell the twine. The Warden believed Business Man
ager Williams desired the convict-made goods for the Mission-street journal, and it
can be said to Mr. Hearst's credit that the confidence of the prison manager was not
violated.
But according to the strict interpretation of the Ostrom act, Mr. Hearst should
have been obliged to file an affidavit, when his paper made its contract for twine, the
THE UNDOING OF A BAD MAN.
same as any other customer of the jutemills. Section 3 of the act fixing the condi
tions of the sale of jute goods, passed in 1893, is plain in its meaning, and Mr. Hearst's
manager, but for the Warden's courtesy, would have been obliged to abide with
its conditions. Here is the clause that covers tbe case of Wanton Willie:
Section 3. All orders for jute goods must be accompanied by an affidavit setting forth that
the amount of goods contained in the order are for individual and personal use of applicant;
said affidavit to be subscribed and sworn to before some Notary Public or by a Justice of the
Peace residing in the township in which the applicant resides; provided, that any applicant,
as heretofore provided for, who falsely and fraudulently procures jute goods under the pro
visions of this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
There was evidently no intent on the part of Mr. Hearst to commit a misdemeanor,
so he could have made the required affidavit with good grace. Siill possibly the case
was such an awkward one that the young millionaire was anxious to keep himself
dark a • far as official records might go.
"I do not regard our action as a violation of the law," said Warden Hale yester
day. "Even if it should be so considered it would only be a technical violation. The
purpose and meaning of the act is to prevent the Prison Directors selling grain or
other bags to the middlemen. The latter might, if no restrictions were placed on the
sale of the bags, either buy openly or get others to buy all the grain sacks tbat we
have and corner the market. In the case of , ram or other sacks we require the pros
pective purchasers to make affidavit as to the use to which the goods ordered are to be
put. This has invariably been done, as shown by our books.
"With the sale ol wrapping twino to the Examiner the case is different We
know that the managers of the paper purchased the twine for the use of the paper
and not to resell. When the Examiner people first wanted us to furnish them with
twine we did not have the sizes they wanted. Ours was not quite heavy enough, so
we made the size that was desired. This is an extra heavy and an odd size and the
very nature of it precluded the possibility of it being used for any purpose except to
tie up Examiners with.
"As I said, there may have been a technical violation of the letter of the law, but
there was no violation of the spirit of the act, which only contemplates the preventing
of middlemen handling or making profit out of good 3 manufactured by the State.
We occasionally make exceptions of this kind. For example, suppose some one
wanted a few yards of burlap for some purpose such as it is occasionally used for, we
would not require an affidavit. We do not resard the sale of a few yards of this stuff
as a flagrant offense, simply because no affidavit accompanies the order."
Hearst's Convict Contract an
Injustice to Dealers in Twine.
C. M. Osborn, of the firm of Neville & Co., manufacturers and dealers in bags,
twine, etc. — I ara strictly opposed to anything in the way of prison-made goods. If
the Examiner had not been able to get tbat twine from the prison mill it is fair to
suppose that it would have patronized some of the local firms dealing in such articles.
We have, at different times, supplied newspapers with such twine for wrapping pur
poses, and if I am not mistaken, we have furnished tne Examiner with some. We
could not, nor could our factory, however, sell it for 5% cents a pound. That is where
the competition of the convict-made twine does both dealers and manufacturers an
injustice to the extent practically of controlling the market. There is no fiber so
cheap as jute, and when the prison-made jute twine can be put on the market for
nearly a third less in price a pound than can be offered by any factory, there is no
chance to sell either jute or other cheap twine. We, as dealers, cannot of course, ac*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.}
908 Broadway, March 9. j
In a little pamphlet relating to Alameda County, thousands of copies of which were
distributed at the World's Fair, is found the following paragrapn:
The California Jute Mill*, at Clinton Station, on the north arm of the estuary,
cover an entire block of ground and give employment to npwsrd of 400 men,
boya and girls, with a .payroll of about 910,000 monthly. Nearly 1000 bale*
of jute are monthly manufactured into burlap* for grain, potato, floor and
borax sack*, twines, jute matting, horse blanket*, otc. There are 3000 spindle*
in the mill and 135 loom*, 'ihere are 250 machine* in the factory, and the
cost of the plant was 8250,000-
One year after the above paragraph was written the mills were closed down and the 400
men, boys and girls were thrown out of employment, because of the ruinous effect of convict
| competition.
TREMBLINGS, |fll
red or bleary, parched throat, perspiration
quick to come, faltering or halting gait, a #
sense of dizziness, you have it and you^«*
get over it in two seconds ; electric sparks T
before the eyes, -as quick as thought ;
mind uneasy, pains in the small of the
back, also pains up each side of the back-
bone, pains in the head, shooting pains,
suffocating sensations, curious weak feel-
ings; RINGING in the ears, rush of
blood to the head, constipation, nervous
pulsations in different parts of the body,
milky sediment in urine, means the ap-
proach of
NERVOUS DEBILITY.
And the way to get rid of this trouble Is
to apply to the doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute for their remedy-treat-
ment, Hudyan. Hudyan will cure where
you are. V
Whether Afloat or Ashore Hudyan A
Will Cure.
Hudyan is the creation of the doctors of
the big Hudson Medical Institute at the
corner of Stockton, Market and Ellis sts.
No One can give you Hudyan but the
Hudson doctors. Call or write for the
particulars of Hudyan.
Particulars and Testimonials Free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANOIBCO, CAL.
THE
WEEKLY
riii it
OHLL
o( It Publishes the Cream of the
J News of the Week and
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
*l ORIGINAL FEATURES.
) IT IS THE BEST WEEKi-Y
°\ PAPER ON THE I
ol PACIFIC COAST I
& . I
1 Always Republican, but Always
~j Fair and Impartial in Its
°S Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
3 It's the Papor to Send East 9
You Want to Advertise
7j California.
3 The Best \ /Mining
"J The Best \ /Mining
5 Telegraphic \/ . News That
°{ Service on /\ Is Accurate
0< The Coast / \& up td date
ol / \ m
°\ Not a : Line of it Sensational
ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
ol it Dry or Uninteresting.
*J A PAPER TOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
Oi Bright, Clean, A Champion of
) Thoughtful. . -* Truth.
D A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
jj ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
°S HOME MAIL, $1.50
INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR Ml
DR.MCNULTY. i
n^niS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLli
-I Specialist curm Private. Neryous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
, cured at Home. Terms reasonable*. Hours, 8 to 8
daily ; 6:3o trvB.:»ev'(f». Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOK McSttTT, M. »..
26£ Kearny Street, Kan Franeitco, Cal.
SDR. BILL'S REIffTIGORATOH
Fire hundred reward fbranTcassw.
cannot cur©. THIS SECRET KKM
BUY i to V s all losses In 34 hoan.
cure. EmUilona, Impotencr. Varic>
cele, Gonorrhoßa, Qleet Flu. hV^
tores, Blood Disease l t 9 d all waiting
effects of Abase ot.ixce«^s
Scut sealed: %'i per botUa. THRaJ
I>it^ALL MEDICAL care any «Si;
BK. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE
._ Hw »66 Broadway, Oakland. Cat *
tri^boot **"*"» 10 *" eurwt Sen! for
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY T .
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J.ESPIC; New York. E. FOUOERA & CO.
 , SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
JSSOT V p GWt, S^rmatotrh^
mJ^V Inltosd»ji.^ Whites, unnatural dis-
Jff Qn»r»nte«n f| •■harKOu, or an? inflanima-
P|, Ml «<> itrictare. " tion. irritation or uicera- L
>j;«Ppivenu eooogioa. tion of mucous mem- L
ya«y HEEvANS CHEMinuCo. cranes. Non-astringen'. T
VaAciNCINKHTI.O {■! Sold by Dranratr, '
V. S. x. j&jT ? r Bent in Pl*in wrapper
B to?t r «.7( uc
■ Circular sent orT 1 * : >v*Mt.
LOST.
Hotel and California Theater, a ladv'sgold ami
Hotel and California Theater, a ladv'sgoldand
diamond chain, with fan attached. Finder suitably
2iu7ssisl£ U8 mUmt ° ««»cording io the iaw, buy any of the prison product, but those who mieht naturally be
customers can buy directly from the prison in large quantities. If there were not
hetween 3.000,000 and 4,000,000 jute grain baes made at San Quentin every year the
dealers would have that many more to sell. But, as a matter of tact, for the last three
years since the duty was taken»»ff grain baas from Calcutta, there have been no erain
bags manufactured or used in California, excapt those from San Quentin prison and
those from Calcutta, India, and between 30,000,000 and 35.000,000 are annually im
ported and are sold at the same price as the convici-made bag— s cents each. The
Oakland Jutemills had to shut down because of the removal of the duty on iute bags.
J. P. Ames of Ames ,t Harris, manufacturers and importers of bags and bagging
materials— Convict-made good* injure us and tb ahole community. If they do not
:ome into competition with our particular line, .^ey hurt the business of some one
else. I was Warden at San Quentin when tie jutemill was established there. The
manufacture of grain bags by the State prison does not very materially hurt any one
in the business, because only 10 per cent of tne demand in this State is supplied, and
)0 per cent comes from India free of duty. So it is simply limited convict
production in competition with India-made jute bigs. If there were a duty, it would
be different, as then home factories would have a chance to enter the field. But this
manufacturing of jute twine is wrong. That is altogether a different matter. There is
a heavy duty on twine. Congress three wears ap;o simply took the dv y off jute bags
and burlap, and burlap does not by any means cover all jute goods. I was not before
aware that the prison was making this twine, nor that the Examiner was the prin
cipal consumer. I think that ii a letter is written to the Superintendent at the
Pan Quentin jutemill, complaining of the sale of twine, there will be no more of it.
I do not think that it is the purpose of the prison authorities to <io trade an inju-tice.
If the Examiner has a contract for so much twine to be supplied, I think that the
Superintendent will ask to be released from further compliance with the contract,
making is a very convenient thing in all mills of the kind. It turnishes a sort
of fill-in employment to put the men to at spare times. It is not right that the fac-
THE CONVICT PEDESTAL COMES DOWN
"The Examiners" Offer to Place the Bust of
Grant Upon a Base Carved by Union
'Hands Is Gladly Accepted.
The Action Applauded by the Building" Trades Council
and Labor Leaders — Mr. O'Connor Promptly Orders
All Work Upon the Monument Stopped.
The prison-made pedestal upon which it Fas Intended to place the bronze tout
of General Grant ts to be rared.
Orders to that effect were given yesterday by Cornelius O'Connor. Cfiairaan ©i
the Monument Executive Committee, and by this afternoon the work of dismantling
will be well under way
In the place of this condemned Convlct-ru? base Is to be a duplicate, but hewn
by the hands of union labor, and after all no disrespect will blemish the memory of
America's Immortal hero
"The Examiner's" proposal to tail e the Initiative in a movement to substitute a
unloa«made pedestal for thai wbfcb, was produced by the felons of Folsom has met
with a prompt and warm approval at the hands of the. Monument Committee, of
THE GRANT BUST AND ITS DOOMED CONVICT PEDESTAL AS IT APPEARS NOW
Chairman Cornelius O'Connor of the Grant Monument Committee has accepted "The Exact*
iner's" offer to replace at Its own expense the felon-bewn pcdpatal now In Golden Gate
Fark. -with duplicate carved by the hands of union labor He has stopped the work on
the objectionable base, and it is to be Immediately ddmoliihed.
r ■-.■■•■■ . ■« ■ -
which Mr. O'Connor is the spokesman, and now nothing but a ten weeks of ear*
nest work remains to replace by an - honest and patriotic carving, a piece of work which
would have ever been a repulsive eyesore and a stain on the dead General's mem
ory. "The Examiner's" Offer was to place at the disposal of .the Monument Com
mittee a granite pedestal entirely in harmony with the designer's ideas but carved
by union cutters, and this offer was the outgrowth of the expressed -opinion of many
citizens, and particularly the union laboring me.tf. that It would be a dishonor to
place a bust of General Grant- upon a stand molded hv »h« hands of convicted
thieves and murderers.
'When Cnatrman O'Connor read "The Examiner's" otter' yesterday morning ha
got Into his carriage, drove to the Park and ordered all work on the monument
stopped at one*. Later In the day he sat down and wrote the following letter to
"The Examiner"
To the Editor of "The Examiner"— Sir: Referring to th« lxte comment on tne con
struction of the Grant monument In Golden tJato Park. I wish to inform you that I, ax Chair*
man of the Grajit Monument Executive Committee, have to-day ordered th* work at the Park
to cease. I will uk« the responsibility of saying that the committee would pr«fer a pedestal
. produced by tree labor. In addition I wish to state that I will with pleasure accept The
'Examines" -magnanimous offer to replace the Folsom pedestal with one In the prou«>\M«
/of whlrh only fre<? skilled cutters have had a hand. Every facility will be afforded by our
•committee- for furthering the project, and for getting the monument ready f»r unvm.ng
Tours very truly, y CORNELIUS O'CONNon
. May 14. .1836.
Tories in this State should be deprived of this work. And they would have to be at
„ the rate the prison-made twine is sold. Factories simply could not sell jute twine or
any other kind of twine for less than about 7 cents a pound, and I see the Examiner
„ -has been setting twiue from San Quentin for 5)4 cents a pound. If the Examiner had
not been able to get that twine at the prison, it could have got something very like it
froru factories or dealers.
Henry Doyle of Henry Doyl" <fe Co.. dealers in twines, rope, yarns, etc lam
opposed to convict-made goods everywhere. I believe, though, that the State's pris
oners should b», as Jar as possible, self-supporting. They should be taught trades,
: in the teaching should be permitted to produce as little as would be necessary to
:ir own needs without entering into competition with the outside world.
The making of jute goods fits the convicts for that particular employment alone, ana
when they are released they have special knowledge only of work that they mu«t go
East to find. Now, if the State, instead of making grain bags and twine, should begin
istruction of large, substantial stone buildings and walls at the prisons and
keep the convicts employed upon them the men would learn stone-cutting, masonry,
plastering and soon; the State would begetting fine, permanent buildings for noth
ing, ami useful trades would be offered the men, so that after years at the work a man
given his Jibsrty would have a trade to seek employment at rather than for want of
training be tempted again to enter upon a criminal career.
Alfred S. Tubbs, treasurer of the Tubbs Cordage Company— The manufacture at
Ban Quentine of jute twine does not directly affect us, as we usi and deal in manilla
»nd sisal hemp only. But as a matter of principle we are opposed to con vict-male
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 3IARCH 11, 1897.
THE CALIFORNIA COTTON MILLS, Out of Which 350 People
Pour at the Close of Each Day's Work. If the Examiner's
Policy of Patronizing Convict Labor Prevails They Will Ec
as Quiet as the Oakland Jutemills.
goods. Who is not? Those that deal in that kind of twine are of course injured to
the extent of unfair competition.
Double Dealing and Hypocrisy
Characteristic of Hearst's Local Paper.
County Clerk C. F. Curry said : "That method of double-dealing as shown by The
Call's expose is characteristic of the Examiner. Nobody expects sincerity or decency
from that paper. There are some good men connected with the Examiner, but they
are handicapped by the policy of the paper. Of course they will say that lam biased
because the Examiner has attacked me, but that doesn't count in a case like this. The
Examiner x attacks have never hurt me, and they never can, because 1 always do my
duty, and I shall continue to do so, irrespective of what any paper may say or do.
That was a very clever piece of newspaper work Thk Call gave to its readers to-day.
All the brag of the Examiner in regard to objecting to convict labor in making the
base for the Grant monument was shown to be mere wind. The first opportunity it
had to use convict-made goods in its business it did it. To be sure it is a small thing,
but small things show how the wind blows. If the Examiner could g«t Hold of a big
thing in the same way, there is no doubt it would be only too glad to do it. Look at
how quick the Examiner took in the type-setting machines. While pretending to be
the friend of the laboring men, it did all in its power to cut down the amount of work
that was to be given out. It hurt the working-printers and that was about all, for I
am told that it doesn't do the Examiner much good. By the time the machines are
worn out and new ones put in their place about all the profit will go to the makers of
the machines. The Call has got the laugh on the Examiner, and everybody is enjoy
ing the joke, serious as it is."
Captain Lees — I knew of the Examiner's contract with the San Quentin officials
over a year ago. Tom Williams had told me of it as a good stroke of business, saying
The Convict-Made Twine as It Is Used in the Examiner
Mailing-Rooms.
that the twine he had been purchasing was made by convict labor in the East, and he
could buy it at San Quentin much cheaper.
C. H. Davies, chairman of the relief committee of toe organized unemployed, and
himself a graduate of Pacific University of Oregon, said:
"If the Examiner's policy were to be pursued to an ultimate conclusion It would
become advantageous to many of our free workingmen to-day to become convicts in
order to have an opportunity to work and reap some of the many benefits.
"The premium offered by the Examiner for labor's sake is: Become a convict and
get a jjb. But will that solve the problem?"
How Oakland Business Men Received the
True Picture of Wanton Willie.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,*
908 Broadway, March 10. ;
When the wage-earners and merchants read The Call this morning they were
not surprised. Surprise is a mild word to use in expressing their stale of feelings.
They were absolutely dumfounded.
For so many years and on so many occasions has the Examiner prated about its
devotion to the cause of the workin man and its horror of convict labor threatening
the bread and butter of honest wage-earners that, as Superintendent Rutherford of
the cotton-mills stated to-day, "a flash of lightning from a clear sky could not have
caused greater surprise."
The matter was discussed by union men and by manufacturers, but most earnestly
of all by the 750 people who make their livine by the looms of East Oakland.
Of the number 400 have been out of work for three years by the closing down
of the California Jutemills, because of the competition at San Quentin, and 350 are
daily employed at the California Cotton-mills. These see the Examiner setting an
example to the State that threatens them and their little ones with starvation, and
they were desperate.
A delegation from the mills at once went into Oakland and tried to see Prison Di
rector Fitzgerald. They were prepared to make a very forcible argument in defense
of their livelihood, but Mr. Fitzgerald was out of town and could not be seen all day.
Superintendent Rutherford of the California Cotton-milis, upon returning from
San Francisco, said:
"The merchants dealing in twine on both sides of the bay are greatly excited over
the expose in The Call to-day. I saw Mr. Beaoer, the president of our concern, in San
Francisco this afternoon and he was denouncing the rascality of such an effort to de
ceive the public as thai practiced for several months past by the Examiner.
•'He feels that Thk Call has begun a big fight, but a good one, on behalf of the
working in .-m which is sure to receive the hearty approval of the toilers of every con
dition. Deceit will never do to practice with them. The Examiner practiced the
greatest deceit that it could have ever done and the working classes will not soon for
get it."
The Prison Transport Steamer Caroline.
When it Is not a "hurry-up" order the Examiner twino is shipped to this City by steamer.
In any event the State pays the freight, as all jutemtll goods are landed f. o. b. in this
City to a purchaser. Upon the arrival of the goods here they are taken charge of by a spe
cial Examiner teamster.
HER BUNKERS
FOUND ON FIRE
Cruiser New York's Nar
row Escape From Total
Destruction.
Flames Next a Magaz ne oi
Guncotton and Powder
Smothered.
So Heavily Flooded With Water That
the Cruiser Sank Three Feet
in Draught.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— Fire in
vaded the forward magazine of the cruiser
New York at noon yesterday. The vessel
was lying off Torapkinsville, but was
about to proceed to the Brooklyn Navy
yard.
The forward magazine is surrounded by
coal bunkers. In it were 2000 pounds of
guncotlon and 6000 pounds of powder.
Smoke poured from the magazine, and an
alarm was given.
iTor the first time in the history of the
ship the automatic electric tire alarm
failed to do its duty. Water was let into
the coal-bunkers about the magazine, and
there was no stint in the auantity, so that
before the cruiser bad passed Governor's
I-l;intl she had taken into the hold such a
weight of water that she sank three feet
in draught and had to be handled witb
great caution.
Arriving at the navy-yard the New York
was pumped out. Early this morning an
examination was made into the cause of
the fire. It was found that the fire had
not originated in the magazine, but in the
coal-bunkers adjoining the forward wall.
Had there been a failure of discipline en
board, or had Captain Scnley lost for an
instant the coolness which has always
characterized him when faced by great
dangers, the new navy would have been
minus its finest cruiser.
MOMIOR WHIT Mi IIISAHI.EI*.
Engines Broke Down and She lfaa
A'*arljf Blown on Shore.
NORFOLK, Va., March 10.— United
States monitor Puritan, which left Charles
ton last Friday and encountered heavy
weather all the way up the coast, is now
in Raleigh Bay, near Durants life-saving
station in a disabled condition, and the
cruiser Columbia has gone to her assist
ance.
The Puritan after leaving Charleston
was obliged to anchor in Saturday's
storm, and shortly afterward it was dis
covered that one of her encines was disa
bled and that she could mak9 but little
headway against the heavy sea.
After a.n exceptionally slow trip, how
ever, she arrived off Hatteras late Tues
day evening, when it was discovered that
the other engine was working badly. The
Puritan steamed back and forth in front
of the life-saving station, signaling her
condition to the life-savers, who patroied
the beach all night so an to give immedi
ate aid should it be required. Captain
Bartlett managed to keep off shore all
night, however, and early this morning
he wired the Navy Department that one
engine was disabled and the other could
not be depended on.
PLUCKY KING GEORGE
SCORES THE POWERS
f Continued from First Pnge.\
possible to secure a unanimous vote of the
powers in favor of coercion.
This, of course, means more delay, more
uncertainty and continued impotence, if
not the dissolution of the concert of
Europe. It means also new dangers and
greater ones wnich already have alarmed
the GoTernment, but not the people of
this country.
Orders were received at the Portsmouth
navy-yard yesterday that the entire force
be employed through to four hours over
time daily and solely upon vessels which
are nearly ready for sea. Several more
warships have been ordered from the
coasts of Africa and other points to the
Mediterranean and to the channel fleet
that ha 3 been kept at Gibraltar.
The First Army Corps received secret or
ders to hold itself in readiness for foreign
service. So, although the outlook has im
proved from the standpoint of Greece and
Crete, it has become somewhat dangerous
in other directions, and Great Britain is
preparing for all eventualities.
HEI.ISO IX OA.SGEB.
Cretan Inaurqentt Meditating an Attack
Upon the Town. \ ' ' . "■
LONDON, Eitg., March 10. —In the
House of Commons to-day George N. Cur
zon, Parliamentary Secretary to the For
eign Office, said in answer to a question
by Sir William Horcourt, leader of the op
position, that the Government had not
beard that Greece had made or was in
tending to make a reply supplementary to
her answer to the identical note of the
powers in regard to the Greek occupation
of Crete, a cessation of which the powers
demanded.
Mr. Curzon read a telegram from the
British Consul at Canea, Sir Abilotti, an
nouncing the fact of the relief from a po
sition of great peril of 523 men,1407 women
and children, 430 soldiers and 1000 Mus
sulman refugees who had been besieged at
Kandamos by Christian insurgents. The
dispatch added tnat the rescued persons
were embarking on board of warships at
Selino, which place, the Consul said, was
in danger of being attacked by Christians
after the departure of the warships for the
purpose of landing the refugees and
others on board at places of safety.
yebrankanf Praise King George.
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 10.— In the
Senate to-day Ransom ol Douglas offered
the following resolutiou, which was unan
imously adopted:
Whereas, The kingdom of Greece is en
gaged in a struggle with all the great powers
of Europe to emancipate the island of Crete
from the rule of the Turkish empire, therefore
be it
Resolved, That we express our sympathy
witti Cretu in its aspirations for freedom and
we apiilaud the heroic endeavors of King
Ueorge'of (jreece in opposing the powers to
maintain Cretan liberty.
/ r<t>ir« l-nvnr* Crrtean Autonoinp.
PARIB, France, March 10.— The Temps
publishes the announcement that active
negotiations have been opened with a view
to the organization of a new regime in
Crete, and intimates that the French Gov
ernment is especially concerned in the
giving of a satisfactory reality to the
scheme for an autonomous administration
of the affairs of the island.
Going Home to Fight.
BALTIMORE, Md., March 10. —The
Greek colony of Bultimcue will have a
representation in the service of Kin?
George, provided the war against Turkey
is not qnickly ended. Six of the enthu
siasts left here to-day for Athens, and
fifty-hve are booked to leave in a few days.
Xu**ia Offer* Arm* to Servia.
BELGRADE, Sebvia, March 10.— It is
announced that the Russian Government
has offered Servia 120,000 magazine rifles
on credit. It has not been decided yet
whether the offer will be accepted or re
fused.
Centorahip of Irlegrnmn.
CANEA, Crete, March 10.— The Gover
nor here will hereafter exercise a censor
ship of all telegrams. The admirals of
the foreign warships, it is said, approve ot
this plan.
WILL FIGHT FOR GREECE.
Many Atnericint Willing to Join King
Grora«'» -Fore**.
Auguste Goustiaux, Acting Greek Con-,
sul at this port, is in receipt of many let
ters from Americans in this City and
throughout the State offering their ser
vices should they be needed. In nearly
every case the writer has seen service and
holds honorable discharge.
In one instance R. C. Hooker of Berke
ley, who was quite well Known here some
years ago as a broker, writes:
I served sixteen years as a commissioned of
ficer in the United States navy, when I volun
tarily resigned to go into a business venture.
I am a graduate of the United States Naval
Academy and have my commission as an of
ficer, and other papers relating to my naval
career.
I beg to refer you to Rear-Admiral Beardslee,
commanding the United States fleet in these
waters.
I have cruised about in Grecian waters a
great deal and am familiar with them. There
is no doubt that Greece will win and I want to
be in it. Very truly yours, R. C. Hooker.
Care of M. P. Hall, Berkeley.
The writer lias addressed similar letters
to P. T. Vrettes and to the Hellenic So
ciety.
Consul Goustiaux has as yet received no
formal reply to his recent telegram ad
dressed to the Consul-General of Greece in
New York, in which he stated that there
were 150 Greeks in this City ready to re
turn home immediately if their country
needed them ; hence he is unable to do
more at the present time than to file all
communications for future consideration.
The local Greek colony is in the mean
time brimming over with enthusiasm.
With very few exceptions — men who are
too advanced in years or who are held
here by strong family ties that cannot in
justice be neglected — nearly every Greek
in this City is ready and anxious to taKe
up arms in behalf of his home and coun
try.
They have engaged a hall on the south
west corner of East and Mission streets,
where most of their leisure time is spent
in drilling. They expect to be uniformed
this coming week.
When you see the Roses in her Cheeks you may we!! know
she takes Joy's Vegetable SarsapariUa.
.'. ' • 1 _■•■ '•••i, "ijjjEr t~-z-^ =v """ ""„-.* : (jjH i iA'-A
A Fostottat* Covamrnos or xsm 5$ • ' | V:
Hoar Enscrvf* j j|j m P^i
liver and Ki&siay Hesaed.T t j |i| |;| p^
Blood Pnriflqp g ;| 1^ M
StomaolsOH^aapsilatog and I i S:s|
Tcyystablo liaacative j f fnj| S|
In existence. A compound of the juices ;i fe |syr
lof Vegetable Alteratives indigenous to ! j 3lf
California. .' •.'•'" ' ; . ; ■ iijrf mf
i! I Mb
RIPiXID OJTLT IT ;jjj I I 'isf/r
THI XSWIV W. JOT COHPAKTr j j | ,
(Ba» FiAwciaoob CAuraaam. j i !
None genuine triUwst thii Bignature: j! | \ |''
i ■ • *^ g- " Tin ■•■■.■ ■.....■ I S fiV-jv -P.A-. J| ::^ £'
- g»lwM^in ■Miiwfaiwtr. , . {Ml i- {'■
■ 3E*3BWCCWHLs 43KSHTXB 3C^€^X«3Cfc<OL3'Hfc • t ■■ ' < ' 7^'"^;
: toe vom hvb doluuis. jgj | i'jjj^^p^
When you see the Roses in her Cheeks you may well know
she takes Joy's Vegetable Sarsapariiia.
MOURN IK G AT LOS GATOS.
I Death of Rev. John Pinasco, S.J.,
Former President of Santa
Clara College..
LOS GATOS, Cal., March 10.— Rev.
John Pinasco, S.J., formerly president of
Santa Clara College, died yesterday at the
I Jesuit Novitiate from an attack of pneu
j monia. The dread disease had been
slowly but too surely milking its inroads
for. the past week, forcing the . reverend
gentleman to keep lo.his bed.
The funeral took place from St. Claire's
Ciiurch at Santa Clara this afternoon.
In Father Pina?co the Jesuit order has
lost an eminent member — one who did it
I good service in whatever position he was
| employed, whether as superior or inferior.
I Born in Chiavari, near Genoa, June 11,
1837, he received his early education at
I the archiepiscopal seminary of his native
place, where hf> attended classes until De
cember 39. 1853, when he joined " the
Jesuits. For the term of his novice lite
the provincial father. Alexander Ponza,
sent him to Bonascola, near Carrara,
where he spent two years under a well
skilled master in the ways of perfection
I and staid until 1868; devoting consider
able time to a review of the Latin classics
and a thorough course of rhetoric. At the
j end of the year 1858 he went to the famous
j English college at Stonyhurst, where he
took up the study of philosophy under
the able tutorship of Rev. Joseph Bay ma,
S.J., then one of the inosi prominent pro
lessors of the order in Europe.
■ In 1860. owing to the pressing need of
subjects for the California mission, Father
Pinasco was ordered to leave for (Santa
Clara College, where he took an act
! part in school work as professor and
j prefect, devoting himself unremittingly to
his charge until lStio, when he went to
Georgetown, Washington, to join the thep
| logical course then' in progress there for
I members of the Jesuit order aspiring to
I the priesthood. Ordained in 1870, he re
turned to Santa Clara College, where on
account of the great profici' ncy he had
made in the study of the English lan
' guage, he was deemed competent to teach
j rhetoric, at the same time acting as chap
lain and liilitrg the position of director of
the Prehistorian Debating Society.
The superiors, veil aware by this time
|of his special talent for government,
i transferred him to St. Ignatius College,
! San Francisco, where he was appointed
president, remaining in office, to the great
satisfaction of professors and pupils, until
1876, when he was placed at the head of
! Santa Clara College to' guide its destini^-i
until 1883, when he was succeeded by Rev.
R. E. Kenna. .:..;>.•
Having finished his term of presiding at
j Santa Clara College, :he was placed in
i charge of the class of rhetoric at Si.
I Ignatius College. S3n Francisco, and di
rected the gentlemen's sodali'y until the
end of the scholastic year, 1884, when he
was placed over the novices at Santa Clara
as instructor.
Again in 1888 he was at the head of af
fairs at Santa Clara College t governing
with that latherly kindness and affability
that ever characterized him and made for
him hosts of friends. At the end of his
second term of presidency at Santa Clara
College he acted as vice-president of St.
Ignatius College up to the summer of 1896,
when, on account of feeble health, physi
cians ordered a change to Los Gato.'.where
he resided until the time of his demise.
Drowsiness is dispelled by Beeohah's Pills.
♦ ♦ — •- ■■'
Fight Will Be J'/iotorfraphed.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— The
K'netoscope photograph outfit for the Cor
bett-Fitzsiminons right, which was re
cently attached by the Sheriff, was relea**fl
this evening and shipped west on the mid
night train.
56
Wnt CElkll
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Fre«:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Cam* out year, by mall. . 6.00
Dally and Punday Call, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calx., three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .68
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
V. k-LKXY Call, ens year, by mail I*9
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
phone Maln-ISW
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
T»leph«M l£aln-liT4
BRANCH OFFICES i
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; opts m»m
:S0 o'clock.
889 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner (Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
in til 9 o'clock:.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE :
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 82, 84 Park Row, New Tori: City*
DAVID M. I'OJLTZ, Eastern Manager.
'" ■- ' " ' ■!
THE- CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. f
THURSDAY MARCH 11, 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
46 X S inches
of advertisements, which is
224: inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
The liar has been branded.
The hypocrite has been unmasked.
Honesty has been fully vindicated.
The Examiner is bound in its own prison
twine.
Legitimate journalism has had n tri
umph.
The next order of the Examiner for
convict-made goods will be copyrighted.
Perhaps Willie Hearst's order for San
Quentin twine was a privileged communi
cation.
Every package of the Examiner bound
in twine ought to be plainly marked:
'•Made in prison."
Willie Hearst's addre-s to the unem
ployed; "Go to San Quentin and get a
job on ike Examiner."
Long Green may be out of jail and stay
out for a while, but all the same the jail
will stay there and wait for him.
The Senate sbould have sent the Exami
ner gang to the jutemill where they could
have continued to work for Wiilie.
A si^n of the times: Juta
Mills, San Quentin. Subscribe for the
Faker and patronize home prisons."
Bound in the meshes of its convict
twine the faker is pilloried before union
labor and left to take the consequences.
Free labor seeks for work in San Fran
cisco, but the Examiner prefers to patron
ize convicts because they work cheaper.
By condemning disreputable fakers the
Senate has vindicated legitimate journal
ism and deserves the thanks of the press.
The next freak coupon will announce
"Convict twine given away with every
cony of the Examiner and a yard of pup«
thrown in."
After ell it is only logical that the crim
inal stuff published by the Examiner
should be bound with twine made by
prison labor.
"The cuttle-fish darkens the path of its
retreat by excreting filth," says the Exami
ner, and then proceeds to show bow the
thing is done.
Remove the prison-made twine and the
fake disDatches from the Long Green news
paper and there would be nothing left
but a bad odor.
Now that the Hearst fortune has been
started to prison by Long Green Law
rence, how long will it be before the Wil
lie boy follows it?
The fellows in stripes in the San Quen
tin jutemill are not to blame for working
for the hypocritical absentee Hearst.
They can't help it.
Having dragged the unclean thing out
ol the public highway and thrown it into
jail, tlie Senators may now wash their
hands and resume business.
If Willie Hearst is as rich as he is re
ported to be, why is his Long Green man
ager a patron of convict labor while free
workingmen lack employment?
The only principle at stake between the
Legislature and the fakers is the vindica
tion of honesty, and that was done by ex
posing the lie and jailing the liar.
It has long been known that the Exam
iner is headed for San Quentih, but until
the exposure of yesterday it was not gen
erally known that much of its stuff came
from there.
The friend of free labor supports free
labor and by free labor docs he do his
work, but the enemy of free labor sup
ports the prisons and rejoices in the in
crease 01 convicts.
The Examiner's charge of bribery in aid
of thievery was made with a roar like a
lion, but il<> defense U something of a
cross between the bray of an ass and the
snarl of a cornered cur.
The members of the Senate who voted
against the imprisonment of the con
victed liar probably had no objection to
being charged with taking bribes in aid of
thievery. There is no accounting for
tastes.
The public libraries which nave ex
cluded the Examiner and the N-w York
Journal frbm their reading-rooms have set
an example which will soon be followed
everywhere. The unclean things must be
cast oat utterly.
It is in vain the liar whines about ''priv
ileged communications." When he pub
lished the charge of "Bribery in Aid of
Thievery" be made himself responsible,
and is rightly compelled to prove his
words in public or swallow them in jail.
THE "EXAMINER" JUTEMILL.
The manufacture of common twine at San Quentin is done in what is in reality if
not in name the Examiner jutemilJ. The only twine of a character similar to that made
by free labor and for sale in the open market which is manufactured at San Quentin is
manufactured for the Examiner by contract with Willie Hearst. No other consumer
of twine in the State uses the San Quentin article, which ci.mes into competition with
free labor. The manufacture of that twine at San Quentin is another of the Exam
iner's exclusives.
"The Examiner Jutemill, San Quentin." That should be the name written on
the building where the twine is made. The convicts who labor at spinning the twine
are working for the sole and exclusive use or the Examiner. Not another man in all
California obtains common twiue from that source. Every other industry which re
auires me use of twine of a sort that can be obtained in the general market patronizes
the product of free labor. The Examiner is absolutely the only customer and con
sumer of common twine made at San Quentin. The mill virtually, therefore, belong?
to the Examiner, and of right should bear the name of that facing, lying, hypocritical
and indecent newspaper.
There is something of more than ordinary significance in the fact that the Exam
iner, under the control of Long Green Lawrence, who acts as local manager for the
absentee Hearst, has at this juncture turned away from free labor to give its patron
age to convicts and to procure the use of prison machinery for the manufacture of the
goods which it needs. It is a sign of degeneracy in more ways than one.
The late Senator Hearst accumulated his large fortune by developing the resources
of California, upbuilding its industries and giving employment to its workingmen.
That fortune so honestly and honorably made is now used to build up prisons instead
of homes, to support convicts instead of workingmen and to bring into competition
with industries that employ free labor a newspaper that maintains its existence by
the cheap and unpaid labor which can be extorted from habitual criminals and from
those whom hard misfortune has led into crime and forced to prison.
The wrong done to the workingmen of San Francisco by the patronage extended
to convict labor by the Examiner goes much further than appears on the surface. What
has been exposed is but a sample of the iniquity which still remains bidden. There
is no telling to what extent and degree the Examiner throws the weight of its patron
cge and influence against the upbuilding of the home industries of San Francisco and
the welfare of its working people. The paper is known to be devoted to crimes and
criminals. It is possible mat much of the sensational stuff printed in it is written in
prisons. It is in every respect a convict sbeet, and when on tne prison house at San
Quentin there is written the words "Examiner Jute Mills," there should be written
on the office of the paper in this City 4l Prison-made Journal."
FALSEHOOD AND PRINCIPLE.
Convicted of lying and sentenced to jail for brazen effrontery in refusing to the
Senate the respect due to the highest legislative council in the State, Long Green Law
rence is endeavoring to create sympathy for himself by bo misrepresenting the case as
to mislead the public mind on the issue at stake. He seeks to pose as a martyr
in the cause of the liberty of the press. He speaks of himself as "a man of honor,"
and declares tbat he suffers imprisonment rather than betray a confidence reposed in
him.
The real issue is not that which Long Green Lawrence is trying to impose upon
the people. This is no question of privileged communication, nor of the right and
duty of an editor to maintain inviolate information which is given to him in confi
dence. It is the simple question whether a newspaper which libels, maligns, slanders,
calumniates and belies public men has a right not only to refuse to attempt a justifi
cation of the charge, but to refuse it with impudence and added insult.
In an editorial yesterday appealing to the press for support the Examiner says:
"Mr. Bryan says in his new book that of all the correspondents who accompanied him
during the late campaign not one ever published anything that was given in confi
dence. Mr. McKinley has said substantially the same thing." It is on these state*
ments that Long Green Lawrence bases his claim that he is acting in accordance with
the principles of legitimate journalism. It will be noted, however, that the newspa
per men of whom President McKinley and Mr. Bryan spoke did not "publish" wbat
was told them. The Examiner did publish what it asserts was told to its correspond
ent. It betrayed confidence to that extent, and by the betrayal has now put tbe
informant in the position where he must come forward and make himself known, or
else the editor who acted on that information must go to jail branded as a public
libeler and a common liar.
The only principle of legitimate journalism at stake in tbis issue is the principle of
tiuth-speakinjr. A legitimate newspaper when it receives information in confidence
aoes r.ot betray that confidence by publishing the information under circumstances
which either renders it a wrong to innocent people or else compels the confidential
friend to come forward and make his woids good or slink into obscurity a self-con
fessed coward and slanderer.
Andrew Lawrence will in vain appeal to the press for support or sympathy in his
present position. He has been sentenced to jail like a common criminal, and it i 3
to criminals alone that he must look for consolation. It is in vain that he coaxes
interviews from citizens to defend him as a representative of legitimate journalism
suffering martyrdom rather than to betray a confidence. He is not a legitimate
journalist. He has betrayed confidence. U« is a facer, a liar, a malignant libeler, a
defamer of honest men, and he has been convicted ol these offenses.
Honest journalism knows well the principles on which it stands. It respects con
fidence, it honors every trust reposed in it. It does not publish wbat was not given
for publication. It does not slander the innocent. It does not seek to degrade the
State and bring a community into disrepute. Long Green Lawrence has long Eev
ered his connection wtth legitimate journalism, and it is too Jate for him to expect
sympathy from it now.
THE UNIVEESITY.
The report published in The Call yes
terday of the affairs of the university must
have been in the highest degree gratify
ing to all who take an interest in that in
stitution or even in the welfare of the
State It showed that the action recently
taken by tbe Legislature to advance the
university will be cordially supported by
tbe munificence of private citizens, and
that the university has truly entered upon
a new era in its career.
One of the notable features in the report
was the announcement tbat Levi Strauss
has duplicated the amount of money
which is to be set apart to aid worthy and
poor students from each of the Congres
sional districts of the State. The money
assigned for this purpose amounts to
$3500 a year. Mr. Strauss has added an
equal amount. The two toeether make
an important addition to the funds which
the university will provide for the educa
tion of young men and young women who
otherwise would bo deprived of that high
advantage.
Another generous citizen, James K.
Mofiit t, a graduate of the class of 18S6,
gives $100 for library uses and promises an
equal sum for similar purposes every year.
These ara but the beginning of the dona
tions which are coming in, and afford an
evidence of the willingness of generous
citizens to co-operate with the State in
upbuilding the university and making it
in every respect worthy not only of the
present condition of California but of its
golden future.
Another important feature of the report
of yesterday was the plan submitted by
Regent Arthur Rodgers for the creation
in the university of a college of commerce.
Such institutions exist in the great cities
of Europe and form an important part of
the education given by the Government.
A recent report of British manufacturers
on the comparative conditions of the for
eign trade of England and Germany
called attention to the effective aid given
to German commerce by the graduates of
these commercial schools, and declared
that until England provided a similar
course of instruction her manufacturers
would compete at a disadvantage with the
Germans in extending their trade in ior
ei?n countries.
It will be seen therefore that the pro
posed plan does not lacfc for good argu
ments in its favor. It will be well if the
Regents can see tbe way clear for the for
mation of such a college, inasmuch as we
shall need it to promote tbe trade of Cali
fornia with the Orient and with South
America in competition with the trained
students of commerce who go forth from
tbe schools of Europe.
Taking all things into consideration,
the outlook for tbe university is decidedly
good. The action of the Legislature in
increasing the revenues has stimulated
public Interest and given an impetus to
private generosity. The results will in
crease as the years go on, and in a com
paratively short time Berkeley will tmke
rank in buildings and equipment with
the foremost seats of learning in the
United States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
THE DEMOOEATIO CAUCUS.
According to reports from Washington,
a recent caucus of Democratic managers
resulted in nothing. This is in the high
est degree encouraging. It confirms the
reports heretofore sent out that there will
be no viruient opposition to the new tariff
bill and that tha extra session of Congress
will be able to perform the legislation so
necessary to the welfare of the country
with promptness and expedition.
It is certainly an act of wisdom on the
part of the Democratic leaders to attempt
no extreme opposition to the new tariff.
The Democrats are in the minority and
are divided among themselves. They
could not possibly impose any effective
opposition to the Republicans in the
Senate unless they could arrange for a
combination with the Populists and the
so-called silver Republicans. Such an
opposition would be of no credit to those
who made it, nor would it add any
strength to Democracy. It is not sur
prising to learn, therefore, that the astute
Senator Gorman counseled his colleagues
again - 1 it.
The futile result of the Democratic
caucus shows how impotent that once
strong party has become in National
affairs. It is, in fact, no longer an or
ganization. It has no policy on which it
is unite.t, and there are no measures of
importance beforo the country on which
it can agree. Some of the leading Demo
crats in the Senate are in favor of a pro
teotive tariff and would break away from
the parly if the majority attempted a
coalition with the Populists to cleleat the
proposed bill, and some of them are ex
treme gold-standard w?n and will favor
no sort of combination with the free-silver
Republicans.
Thus while the Republican party has
not an avowed majority in the Senate it
will be sufficiently strong to pass the bills
needed to provide protection for American
industry and ample revenues for the Gov
ernment. The McKinley administration
certainly begins under favorable auspices.
It- friends are united and its foes divided.
The country is with it, and what is more
it is thoroughly and consistently with the
country.
OAST THEM OUT.
Evidences have now been sriven that the
crusade against vicious journalism is pro
ducing good result?. The library at Port
land, Or., and that of Newark, N. J., have
excluded the most vicious examples of
decadent journalism from their reading
rooms. The movement, it will be seen,
extends from tbe Pacific to the Atlantic
coast, and we have there ore a proof that
the aroused indignation of the people is
not confined to any particular locality,
but is acting with equal force all over the
ct untry.
It is gratifying to learn that tbe action
taken by these libraries, one in excluding
the New York Journal and t c other
in excluding the San Francisco Ex
aminer from their reading-rooms, is cor
dially approved by the public as well as by
legitimate newspapers. It is clear the
denunciation of these foul and offensive
journals has been beneficial, inasmuch as
it has informed public opinion on the sub
ject and roused the people to the evil and
the danger of tolerating disreputable
journalism in American life.
The evils of decadent journalism are
many. In the rirst place Bucb papers are
a menaca to society by reason of their
vicious attacks upon the characters of
<_'ooii men aud women in private life. The
Examiner recently gave an example of this
vice in its attack upon Mrs. Cornelius
Vanderbilt, and a little while before by its
attack upon one of the leading families o.'
San Francisco. A second evil is the wrong
done to a community by the wholesale
slanders against men of public character
and the social organism at large. The
Examiner has furnished an illustration of
this offense in its recent charges against
the California Legislature and its efforts
to misrepresent our State Government as
being corrupt in every department. A
third evil is the perversion of public
morals by making crime sensational and
attractive to Hl-balancsd minds,, Tn«
Examiner has furnished many evidences
of this evil an i in its announcements for
the forthcoming Sunday edition promises
another in the chape of an elaborate and
sensational write-up of a child criminal.
It will be seen that the time has come
when society must take steps to protect
itself against these offensive, corrupting,
crime-loving and crime-producing news
papers. Men and women in high station
who, by reason of their attainments, wealth
or social positions, are shining marks for
slander, must act together for self-protec
tion a ainst the defamation of these
vicious journals. Institutions open to the
public, such as the great libraries of the
country, must rid their reading-rooms of
journals which tend to deprave the people,
lest they become the center of corruption
rather than of enlightenment. Officers of
the law must take action, lest these vicious
journals engender crime among thoße
whose minds are susceptible to the influ
ences of their sensational reports of the
doings of criminals.
The movement be^un on this coast by
the library at Portland, and in the
East by the library at Newark, will
soon be followed by other institu
tions of the kind in every part of
the Union. The crusade in the cause of
decency has begun to have its effect. We
may expect before long to see the Journal,
the Examiner, and all others of their foul
kind, excluded from the United States
mails. Toe indignation of the people is
fairly aroused, and the end of the foul,
false, malicious, lyin<r, sensational pub
lishers of what Senator Sherman called
'•sheer idiocy" is near at lianJ.
PiiKSUNAL.
Fred W. Ward of Visalia is at the Lick.
Dr. J. E. Combs of Visalia is at the Grand.
Dr. C. G. Cargill of San Juan is at the Russ.
J. M. Miller of Visalia is a recent arrival here.
Benjamin F. Stevens ot Boston is in the City.
Dr. Leland White of Malford, Mass., is in the
City.
General T. W. Sheehan of Sacramento is In
town.
F. A. Ilihn, the capitalist, of Santa Cruz, is In
the City.
L. L. Fiscner of Chattanooga, Term., Is at the
Baldwin.
H. Wolfe of Los Angeles is at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
C. W. Tozer, the mining man, of Tulare, is at
the Grand.
Martin Conrad, a business man of Chicago,
is in town.
F. A. Hudson of Fresno Is among the ar
rivals here. /
Frank R. Baker, a publisher of Portland, Is
at the Baldwin.
D. I>. Fagnn, a merchant of Whatcom,
Wusb., is in the City.
Fred Mason, a manufacturer of Sacramento,
is a late arrival here.
S. M. Clement, a wealthy resident of Buffalo,
N. V., is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Walters of Spokane are at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
F. C. Malpas, a business man of Portland,
Or., is at the Occidental.
Dr. W. H. Wallace, a crominent physician of
Eureka, Cal., is at the Occidental.
Edward A. Noyes and E. H. York, business
men of Portland, Me., are lv tow.'i.
Ward Ames, a manufacturer of Duluth, Is
one of the late arrivals at the Palace.
Among the arrivals at the Grand is Superior
Judge N. A. Dorn of Monterey County.
C. H. Coats, a wealthy business man of Aus
tin. Minn., is here, accompanied by his wife.
T. G. Parker, who has been ill with pneu
monia for several weeks, is rapidly recovering.
George J. Campbell Jr. leaves on the San
Bias to-day fur Central America on a business
trip.
Sheriff S. D. Ballon of San Luis Obispo ar
rived here yesterday. He is on official busi
ness.
F. A. Boole of Red Blnff, manager of the
Sisson Lumber and Mill Company, is at the
Grand.
Henry Muller, a business man of Butte,
Mont., is at the Grand, accompanied by sev
eral friends.
Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Markly and W. H. Markly,
prominent citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, are at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
H. J. Mayham, owner of large mining prop
erties at Gold Creek, Nov., is at the Palace, ac
compauied by his lamily.
Judge Charles O. Clarke, the early pioneer
and prominent miuing man of Sisklyou
County, arrived here yesterday.
E. M. Buckley, the wharfinger at the foot of
Folsom street, has been reappolnted for four
years by iheSiate Harbor Commission.
B. A. Hawkins, County School Superintend
ent of Madera County, accompanied by Mrs.
Hawk ns, is at the Cosmopoli tan Hotel.
John Elverson Jr., one of the owners of the
Philadelphia Enquirer, is one of the arrivals
here. Mrs. Eiverson, who is also here, is the
daughter of the late Frank Mayo.
James L. Sperry, proprietor of the hotel at
the Big Trees, Caiaveras County, and one of
the Dest-known and wealthiest residents of
that part of the State, is at the Occidental.
CALIFORNiAiNS iN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V..- March 10.— At the St.
Cloud, 11. E. Davis; Hoffman, G. Borneman,
W. B. Hamilton, Dr. C. L. Heller; Manhattan,
J. Webster.
NE WSPAPLR ? PLEASANTRY
Tommy— Pa. what is adding insult to in
jury?
Mr. Flgg— Well, I once had a dentist at work
on my teeth for half a day, and when he got
through he said he hoped I had had a pleas
ant time.— lndianapolis Journal.
Little Clarence— Pal
Mr. Callipers— Weil, my son?
Little Clarence— Pa, is a man who lives in
Topeka called a Topekaboo?— Puck.
"I'm too practical to do as heroes do in
books, Miss Slight ; so I'll just ask you bluntly,
Will you be my wife ?"
"No, thank you, Mr. Terse. I myself don't
believe in those silly, bookish notions; and as
the silly heroine? always aay 'Yes,' why, I'll
teil you bluntly, No, sir, I won't."—Philadel
phia North American.
"Fly with me," he cried passionately.
She looked over the aeroplane critically, re
marking on the violation of several principles
of mechanics, and finally said: "What is the
matter with a Pullman carT"— Minneapolis
Journal.
Young man (who has married an old woman
for her money)— Well, old "boy. how's your
wife?
Old boy (who has married a young girl for
her looks)— Well, if it comes to that, how's
yours.— Pick-Me-Up,
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
When Melba left the Metropolitan Opera
house Company, out of voice and sick at heart
with her non-success as Brunhilde, the man
agement put forward an American singer,
Mme. Clementine de Vere Snpio, to take her
place. Mme. S«pio is a very fine artist, who
has been known for years to the concert world
of New York, but who has only recently come
to the front in opera. Her voice is very beau
tiful in quality and she uses it witn perfect
art, but she has tarried too long on the con
cert stage to be able to step into Melba's shoes
as a pritna donna. On the operatic «tage she
fails to carry conviction, as sne Roes through
a dramatic role as calmly and passively as if
she were rendering a ballad on the concert
platform. Her beautiful singing, however,
almost atones for her lack of temperament
«.nd there is every prospect that Mme. Clem
entine de Vere Sapio will remain one of the
operatic stars for some seasons to come.
Meanwhile, Melba has been confiding to the
MME. CLEMENTINE DE VERE SAPIO, the New American
Prima Donna.
press in Paris that she bears Jean de Reszke no
ill will for having induced her to appear in
the role of Brunhilde, for she does not believe
he did it in order to achieve her downfall.
Mme. Thea Dorre, who will be remembered
as the mezzo soprano of the Tavary Opera
Company, has recently been singing with
considerable success in Florence. Writing
from Milan to a personal friend In this
City she says: "Every one here is en
thusiastic about Frank belcher, a young San
Franciscan. He singa with such taste
that one would believe he had studied
here for years. He is going to make
an artist. It is refreshing to hear of a talented
American gentleman, who promises to be a
real success when he has finished studying, as
hitherto our men have all turned out to be
failures. We have some great American prima
donnas, but no tenors or barytones." Mr.
Belcher i 9 studying with Cima.
Mme. Dorre herseif is now singing the title
role in "Carmen" at the Dalverme Theater in
Milan. . It is a part in which she has always
excelled, but she speaks with even greater en
thusiasm of the role of Anita, in "La Navar
raise."
There has been a good deal of talk lately
about a day laborer in the arsenal at Venice
named Luigi Coccolo, who is trying to make
his debut as a composer. Although he has
never had any musical instruction, he has
studied alone, and has written two operas. A
committee was recently formed in Venice to
open a public subscription to defray the cost
of producing his works. "Tello l'Africano,"
au opera in two acts, can be produced for about
3000 francs, while the other opera, "Aldino
de Cittadelia," will cost at least 7000 francs to
produce. Although the committee has made
a very earnest appeal to the Italian public,
only 1000 francs have so far been raised.
The Metropolitan Opera Company will prob
ably regret its visit to Chicago, for it has been
receiving very Inadequate support there. The
absence of Melba and Eames has been urged
as an excuse, but this could not account for
"Carmen" and "Faust," with Calve as the
star, being very poorly attended. Some people
have beeu airing the opinion that if Nordica
had remained with the organization the
Schoeflel and Grau Company would have
been received with more consideration in
Chicago, but Nordica never was a great
drawing card when she sang with that
organization either in New York or Chicago,
and n is not likely that she could have
changed the feeling of the Windy City toward
the whole organization.
The following is the programme for the third
Ueine recital, which takes place on Saturday
afternoon in Goldan Gate Hall: Sonata for
piano and violin, op. 30, No. 2 (Beethoven),
allegro con J>rio, adagio cantabile, scherzo,
allegro finale, allegro, the Misses Heine;
violoncello soli (a) Le Cygne (Saint-Saens), (b)
Scherzo, op. 6 (Klengei), Louis Heine; violin
soli (h) Benedicus (Mackenzie), (b) Eifentanz
(Popper), Miss L. Florence Heine; trio, op. 26
(Dvorak) allegro xnoderato, largo, scherzo,
tinale, allegro non tanto.
Theodore Dubois' new opera, "Aben-Hamet,"
has been tried in Rennes, before producing It
at the Grand Opera-house in Paris, and its suc
cess seems to have been complete. The music
is said to be very melodious and the orchestra
tion is rich and full of color. Dubois is Theo
dore Thomas' successor as director of the
Paris Conservatory.
To celebrate the hundredth anniversary of
the birth ol William I the German Journal of
Military Music has opened a competition for
the best musical letting of a patriotic poem
entitled "The Good Soldier." The successful
composition must be one that can be easily
sung by soldiers.
The Theatrepbone Company is now an es
taDiished institution in Paris and subscribers
who do not want the trouble and expense of
attending big first nights at the opera arrange
with the company lor switches that night.
At the first performance of "Messidoe" switches
were booked for weeks in advance.
Little Hubermann, the boy viol'nist, has
been carrying everything before him in Chica
go, where he is spoken of as a genius, an artist,
a wonder, a divinely inspired child.
Alfredo Donizetti, nephew of the composer
of "Lucia di Lammermoor," etc., has just
produced an opera in one act at Sessari with
great success. It is entitled "Dopo lAve
Maria."
"Andre Cheuier" is now going the round of
the German theaters with great success.
A celebrated Italian musical critic. Laurent
Pitrodi, is writing a book on "Women Com
posers."
The McKenzie Musical Society Trill give a
soiree musicale at Native Sons' Hall, on Ma
son street, this evening.
Mapleson says he will be to the front again
with another operatic venture next season.
Members of theaters, opera-houses and con
cert troupes in Paris have just oanded them
selves into a society to have an Informal din
ner together once a month. The feast is to be
called the "Dinner of a thousand regrets."
Mosart's "Don Juan" has Just been a trium
phal success at Mont* Carlo. Marie Van Zandt,
the American diva, was an exquisite Zerlina
Victor Maurel made a superb Don Juan.
Mile. Francisca (Miss Fannie Michelsen), the
new San. Francisco prima donna, nas mad©
another success in concert at Monte Carlo,
where she sang Handel's "Bird" song that
Meiba affects so much.
The landscape pain er, Henry Schubert,
nephew of the celebrated composer, died in
Vienna recently. He was 70 years old.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
Fitzsimmons' Parents— M. G., City. The
parents of Bob Fitzstmmons, the pugilist,
were born in Cornwall, Ei. gland.
Sheep Shearing— Machine, Baden, Cal. It
is stated by wool men that sheep are not
shorn by machinery in the United States. It
is a practice in Australia. This department
has not been able to verify the assertion that
"James Powers of Queensland sheared 315
biieep in seven and a half hours."
Placer County— c. E. R., Smartsville, Yuba
County. Cal. Placer County is in the Fourth
Internal Revenue District. That district is
divided from the First by the north line of San
Francisco, north line of San Joaquin, north
line of Calaveras and the west line oi Tuolumne
County.
Neutral— S., City. As the United States has
no trouble with the principals in the Eastern
trouble at this time, a United States war ves
gel at anchor in a port near the scene of the
difficult? would not take an active part, but
would be on hand to receive American citi
zens who might be in danger.
Baitery— P. C, East Oakland, Cal. If a per
son desires to use an eleciric battery for
remedial purposes an acid or a dry battery
will answer the purpose, the choice depend
ing upon the location in which it is to be used.
If it is to be moved about a dry or storage bat
tery is the most convenient.
Oscar Wilde — Subscriber, City. The parents
of Oscar Wilde were Sir William Willis Wilde,
a distinguished oculist and antiquarian, and
Lady Jane Francesca Wilde, who wrote popu
lar poetry under the name of "Sppranza."
Wilde was born in 1856, his parents being
residents oi Dublin, Ireland, at the time.
In* Vigilance Times— L. K. R., City. James
P. Casey, who killed James King of William,
editor of the Bulletin, in 1856, and Charles
Cora, who killed U ilted State.B Marshal Rich
ardson shortly before that, were banged by
the Vigilance Committee of San Francisco at
"Fort Gunnybags" on Sacramento street, on
the 22d of May, 1856.
Dead Wires— H. 8., City. If there are any
wires running over the house you occupy they
are there undoubtedly by right of law. The
fact that they have not been used for a long
time does not give you a legal right to use
them. If they are "dead" find out who owns
them, and the probability is that you will ba
permitted to use them for a private line.
Witness Fees— J. 8., City. There is no law
of the State oi California authorizing the pay
ment of witness fees in criminal cases, Dut f
a witness comes from a distance and it ap
pear* by affidavit or otherwise that he is poor
and is unable to bear the expense he has been
put to in coming to court to testify the court
may allow such witness the amount of his
actual expenses.
Change op Numbers— A. S., City. All houses
must bo numbered according to the provision
of the ordinances of the Board of Supervisors.
If a house is incorrectly numbered the number
must be changed. Such change does not affect
taxation or insurauce. If, however, your num
ber has been cnanged, and you fear that it
might cause you trouble with the insurance
company, notify the company of tne change.
Pay of Officials— S.. San Rafael, Cal. The
Call cannot devote the space to answer the
question "What is the salary of clerks and day
inspectors in the customs service in the
United States?" The figures for the several
States can be found— and there are many of
them— in the "Offlcia; Registry of the United
States, Legislative, Executive and Judicial,"
which can be seen in the reference room of
the free public library i:i this City.
Unmailable Matter -Old Subscriber, City.
The liws of the United States make it a crime
to use the United Stales mails for the purpose
of sending abusive letters by mail, be the
letterg sealed or unsealed. One section of the
law, which covers postal-cards, says:
Ail matter otherwise mailable by law, upon the
envelope or outside cover or wrapper of which, or
any po*tal-card Lpon which any delineations, epi
thets, terms or laDgxugf of any Ind cent, lewd,
lasciv ous, obscp? c, lib. ions, scurrilous, defama
tory or tnreateulns: churacter, or calculated by the
terms or manner Oi st - le of display, and obvious y
Intended to reflect injuiioasly v on the character
or conduct of another may De written, primed or
otherwise impressed or apparent, Is hereby de
clared unavailable and sha.l not be conveyed by
the mail.
A section of the act provides that the pen
alty for the violation of the section quoted
may extend to a flue oi $5000 or imprison
ment at hard labor not exceeding five rears.
Another section ot the act passed in 1888 pro
vides a penalty lor the sending of unmailablo
matter through the mall, whether written or
printed, and whether seaied or unsealed The
Grand Jury takes cognizance of such vio.a
tions.
COMFEN3ATIOM FOR SLAVES— Z. Y. X., CroWS
Landing, btanislaus Connty. Upon the sug
gestlon of Presiaent Lincoln, Roscoe Conklinz
on the 10th of March, 1862, offered the follow
inu resolution in the House:
i ■ Resolved, That the United States Ought to co
otera.e with any Mat which may aao i gradual
abolishment of slavery; giving to such >tate
peruni aid to be used by such state in its ill*,
cretlon tv compensate for the inconvenience wih
l.caud private, produced by such change ol >ya-
« After opposition by the Democrats it passed
m the. Home on the lltb Ol March b r a vote
of 89 to 31 It was introduced in the upper
house by Senator Trumbull on the 20th of
March a d it T M »ed on the 2d of April by a
vote 0 !, 32 to 10. No State, subsequent to this
resolution; which was approved by the Presi
dent on the 10th of April, and prior ' u?the
emancipation proclamation, January 1 lgfA
adopted any p. an of c gradual abolition of
slavery, consequently no Mate was entitled to
ask lor compensation under the proposal The
only. slaves that the Government paid for were
Columbia" 1 Wefe ° WUed ia the Dlsuict •of
The Republican Party— B. E. H., City The
Democratic party lounded by Thomas Jeffer
son was originally the Republican pany That
was in 1792. aad the first candidate under
thst party name was Jefferson, in 1796. Sob
somipnt v tne party became known as the Re
p^DHcan-Vemo^rat! In 1829 the hyphen-zed
party dropped the name Republican and be
came known as tne Democratic party, Dy
wliich name it has ever since been known. At
the time of this change ibere was wfaatjas
Known as the National Republican party,
with John Quincv Adams as candidate for the
Presidency. In i 85 6/ me present Re i übiican
party wns lormed, and John C. Fremont wu
the candidate for tne Presidency, but he was
defeated by James Buchanan.
Idaho and Utah— A correspondent In a com
mun;cation says that the nickname of Idaho
is "Gem oi the Mountain," ana thnt the nick
name of Utah is "Mormon State," and quotes
an encyclopedia from which he obiained
these. As already announced in ibis depart
ment the recognized books do not give any
nicknames foi either of these States. The
"encyclopedia" quoted is evidently a little off
in its assertion. It has given the definition
of Idaho for a nickname. The name is Indian
and means "gem of the mountain. "Mormon
State," though not a popular name, is un
doubtedly correct.
AMile-E. R, Oakland, Cal. The ordinary
mile, or.statute mile, in the United States and
in Great .Britain is 1760 yards of three feet
each, equal to 5280 feet. A geographical or
nautical mile is (I) the mean length of a min
ute of latitude, equal to 0082 66 feet; (2) the
length of a minute of the meridian corre
sponding to the radius of the curvature of tha
particular latitude, varying from 6045 95 feet
at the equator to 6107.85 feet at the poles; (3)
the length -I ■ minute of longitude on the
equator, 6087.15 teet. To remove all uncer
tainty the United fetates toast Survey has
adopted the value ot the nautical mile as
equal to one-sixtieth part of the length of a
degree on the great circ.e of a sphere whose
suriace is equal to the surface of the earth.
Th;sv»lue gives one naut.cal mile equal to
6080.27 feet, which i* very nenrly the value of
the admiralty knot (6800 feet), adopted by the
British Hydrograpnic office. One square mile
contains 040 acres, 3,097,600 square ■yards.
27,878,400 t-quare feet, and 4,014,489,600
square inches. .
Fractional Currency— J. N., City. When
specie payment was suspended in January
1862, both silver and gold dignrpeared from
circulation. The place of subsidiary coin was
for a time supplied with tickets, due bills and
other forms of private oDligations. which were
issued by merchants, manufacturers and
others whose business requ red them to maku
change. Congress soon interfered and author
ized, first, tne use of postage stamps for
change; second, a modified lorm of postal
6tamp, called postal currency, and, finally,
fractional paper currency in denominations
corresponding to the subsidiary silver coins.
This department is unable to discover that
there ever were any "75-cent greenbacks
issued by the United States, and as the law
authorized the issue of "fractional paper cur
rency" in denominations corresponding to the
"subsidiary coins" and there being no 75-cent
pieces it is safe to say that no 75-cent green
backs were ever issued for general circulation.
The Military Academy— C. C, City. A per
son seeking an appointment to the Military
Academy of the United States must apply to
the member of Congress from the district in
which he lives. Appointments are usually
madetme year in advance of the date of ad
mission by the Secretary of War, upon the
nomination of the representative. These nom
inations may be made either after competi
tive examination or given direct, at the option
of the representative. The representative may
nominate a legally qualilitd second cand.date,
to be designated the alternate. The alternate
will receive from the War Department a letter
of appointment and will bo examined at tho
same time as the regular appointee, and if
duly qualified will be admitted to the academy
in tne event of the failure of the principal to
pass the prescribed preliminary examination.
Appointees must be from 17 to 22 year* of ag«,
free irom any infirmity which may render
them unfit for military service, and be a Die to
pass a careful examination in reading, writ*
ing, orthography, arithmetic, grammar,
geography and history of the United States.
The pay of cadets is $540 a year, and upon
graduating they are commissioned second
lieutenants in the army. Tho Government
provides quarters and board for the cadets.
FARAGRAFHS A OUT PEOPLE.
The citizens of New Hampshire hare raised
$8700, with which they will erect a statue of
President Pierce in some appropriate place.
One of the potsherds, inscribed with the
name of Themistocles, with which the Athen
ians voted for his ostracism in 471 B. C, has
been discovered in Athens.
Prince Carl of Bavaria is a practicing phy
sician in Munich. His cousin, Prince Louis
Ferdinand, has recently set up lor himself as a
gynecologist in Xordhausen, and has hnng out •
a shingle announcing his office hours from
11:30 to 12:30. Prince Louis is an uncle o(
the King of Spain and a nephew of the Prince
Regent of Bavaria.
In the reign ot Edward 111 there were at
Bristol, England, three brothers who were
eminent ciotbiers and woolen weavers, and
whose lamily name was Blanket. They were
the first persons who manufactured the com
fortable material which has ever since been
called by their name, and which was then
used for peasants' clothing.
In a letter to one of his children Gulsot tells
how on his first visit to Windsor he lost his
way and opened a wrong door and beheld for a
moment a lady having her hair brushed. The
next day the Queen (for it was she) joked him
about it, and he says: "I ended by asking her
leave, if ever I wrote my memoirs, like Sully
or St. S.mon. to mention how, at midnight, I
opened the door of the Queen of England.
She laughingly gave me the desired permis
sion."
Special inlormation daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the 1':»m
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
The King of Greece is 52 years old, tall, wel
bullt, slender and graceful, with the appear*
ance of a cavalry officer. He is a hard worker,
approachable and popular. Queen Olga, his
consort, is a stately looking woman, and hand
some after the Polish type, though she is the
daughter of a Czar's brother, bhe is much
beloved for her graces and charities by the
Greeks, who call her tho "Queen of the Poor. '
"Th« Overland Limited."
Commencing Sueday, March 7, the Union ra
clflc will carry both first and seconJ class passen
gers on the "Overlaid Limited, " leaving San
Francisco every day In the week at 6 p. v.. through
to Chicago without change, and ail Eastern cities
via Niag .ra Falls, rittsbnr^. Washington and
Philadelphia, in twelve hours quicker time than
any oilier line from California. Tickets and
sleeper reservations at 1 Montgomery street. D
W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent
"Brown's Bronchial Tbochks" gire relief In %
all Bronchial Affections. A simple and safe
remedy;' Avoid Imitations.:
Ant one troubled at nifht with a persistent
cough can procure much-needed res: by talcing a
dose ot Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
Lady Randolph Churchill has gone Into
racing. It appears that she is a partner with
R. J. Lacey in ihe yearling Florentine, which
they have leased for ttie season to Lord Card
ros->. Her ladyship is not the first of her rank
and sex to enter into competition upon the
tun. The late Duchess of Montrose was well
known in racing circles, where she operated
under a masculine name— "Mr. Milner."
HEW TO-DAY.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure. ;
Celebrated for it great leavening strensth awl
healthfulness. Assures the iood against alum and
all forms of adulteration common to the rh«n
brands. - -<-•■. ; : ; """^
Koval BAKijje Powdkb Co.. KewVort, ■THURSDAY MARCH 11, 1897
AMUSEMENTS. «?
Baldwiit Thkateb —"Shore Acres."
California Thbateb.— "Trovatore," Friday
night.
Columbia Theatkb — -Buy Bias" and "A Man
of the world. '
Mobosco's OrKBA-HocsK— "The Black Detec-
tive.
Aicazar Thbateb.— "Jim, the Penman."
Tivoli Oprba House- Pinafore."
Orphbvm.— High-class Vaudeville,
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, corner Mason and Ellis
iireeo— Entertainment Friday night,
Obebow.— Grand concert.
be im Baths— Bathing and Performances.
The Chctks and 6KATiite Ri«- Daily at
Baigtu street, one block east of the Park.
(JAfciA»j» Rack Track.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Stbkkt * Cbssrw ilit- This day, March 11,
Furniture, at 201 lark street, at 11 o'clock.
BY B. fABCH— This day, March 12, Fnrnltura,
at 819-821 s-ntter street, at 10 :30 o'clock.
BtL. fi. BcsD.-Thie day, March 18, Tools and
gtathmery, ml 3S Sixth street, at 3 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A levenUen-pound carrot has bean grown at
Fair Thursday, but cool, li th« weather pre
diction tor to-day.
William Hennessy, a shoemaker, committed
■ulclde yesterday morning.
Mayor Phelan will preside over the mass
meeting of Cuban sympathizer!.
four young Japanese noblemen are sailing
as apprentices on the British ship Grenada.
Mrs. Nettie Bluett has been granted a
divorce from John Bluett for failing to pro-
Tide.
Third street celebrated its progression from
pioneer customs to modern improvements last
Theiultof the Grangers' Bank against Mrs.
EmU» A. P. Harvey for $6700 has been dis
missed.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the decision
of the lower court la the case of William Slerp,
currant's cellmate.
fortunate, The Cheat, Lobengula, Lincoln n.
MSrctuio and Hagaid were the winners at
Emeryville track yesterday.
Rev." Father MacFadden told the story of
Ireland's wrongs, at Metropolitan Hall, last
Bight before a large audience.
A "beautiful concert will be given at the
West Side Christian Church to-morrow night.
Many unique features will be introduced.
Tha Police Commissioners last night pro
meted Corporal Henry Gleeson to be sergeant
and Policeman John a Adams to be corporal.
The preliminary examination of Benjamin
F. Hodelson on the charge of criminal libel
was continued before Judge Campbell yester
day.
The annual election of officers of the Hale &
KororoES Mining Company was stopped yester
day by an injunction issued by the Superior
Court.
Tne Grecian Consul has been receiving
numerous letters from American ex-army and
ndvy officers offering their services to King
George.
Rev. C. J. Powers, one of the Paulist Fathers,
lectured last night to a large congregation in
old St. Mary's Church upon the "Betrayal of
Christ."
Frank Lemmons, a runner for the California
Hotel, was arrested on the steamer Oakland
yesterday for disturbing the peace and vulgar
language.
After fourteen years of litigation judgment
has been entered against Theodore P. Painter
and in favor of the estate of Jerome B. Painter
lor $33,224 44.
Rev. Dr. Hyman Samuelson of New York
has been elected cantor of the congregation
Beth Menachim Streisand, 337 Minna street,
for three years.
Two Chinese charged with murder are on
trial in the Superior Court, Cnin Ah Wah be
fore Judge Troutt ana Lee Ah Lucy before
Judge Dunne's court.
A resolution indorsing the notion of a col
lege of commerce for tht State University was
adopted at yesterday's meeting of the State
Development Company.
The Union Transportation company, run
ning boats to Stcckton.'ciaims it is being dis
criminated against by the Valley road in favor
of the California Navigation Company.
Stanford and Burkeley have agreed upon an
Intercollegiate glee and mandolin club con
test for the evening of May 7 in this City, to
settle the question of musical superiority."
• There will soon be a preliminary meeting to
make arrangements for the celebration of the
winning of a trophy by tne California National
Guardsmen at Creedmore twenty years ago.
The three Hoopa Valley Indians who were
recently arrested for bringing whisky into the
reservation have turned informers on the
white man who bought the liquor for them.
Frank Holbrook declares that Secretary
Welch is responsible for his removal from the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren, and sensational developments are ex
pected.
. The unemployed cleared $190 from their
Auditorium show. They will ask the South
ern Pacific to make low rates for those of their
number bound for the country to take work
offered.
"Bert" Brown, an employe of Hawley Bros.,
disappeared Sunday night and caused some
anxiety among his friends. It has been dis
covered that he has shipped on a whaling
voyage. . •,•
The License Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors will report an ordinance providing
for the suppression of ticket-scalping. (Hunger
says the scalpers will fight against the
measure.
Ellen Dore and Charlotte Dore, administra
tors of the estate of the late Maurice Pore,
have sued Mary MacCrellish for $5533 33 due
on a promissory note, with interest from July
11, 1892.
James S. Morgan has sued Cecelia Blackburn
and Daniel Blackburn for his share of $250,
--000 derived by the defendants from the estate
of James H. Blackburn, who died nineteen
years ago.
Police Judges Conlan and Campbell yester
day denounced tne statements made by of
ficers of the Society for the Prevention of
. Cruelty to Children of unfair treatment as
false and malicious.
The tank steamer George Loomls arrived
from Ventura yesterday. For the first time in
many months there was no demand for her
cargo of crude petroleum and she had . to an
chor in the stream to await orders.
The Board of Education last evening adopt
ed a memorial to the California delegation In
Congress concerning the new Postoffice, took
action concerning the Mission High-school
contracts, and transacted much other busi
ness.
George Frltch, the well-known coal mer
chant, arrived on the steamer Albion from Co
<juille River yesterday. He fell into a drift
•■■■ ;:lie examining the working of the mine and
sprained his ankle. He had to be carried
. ashore from the Albion and it will be months
before ne can put his foot to the ground again.
The obsequies of the late B. F. Dahl, the
well-known mining and real estate agent, will
take place at 2 o'clock this afternoon from the
Fan' .Francisco Undertakers' parlors, 1235
Market street. The pallbearers are W. H.
Kruse, T. F. Ferguson, George B. Knowles,
William E. Waters, E. S. Mlchaelson, C. H.
Mason.
NEW TO-DAT.
Miles'
Heart Cure
__Restores Health
In nearly every case.
It is guaranteed by
druggists; if first bot-
tle fails to benefit,
money is refunded.
Ask your druggist, or send to the
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind,
for Dr. Miles' free book, entitled,
"New and "Eor»fc " /
Startling: rdLl3. 1
WANTED TO RUN
THE FERRY-BOAT
Frank Lemmons Was Ar
rested on the Steamer
Oakland.
Called the Chief 0 ficer Names
and Abused the Police
0 ficers.
The Oil Steamer G orge Loomis Is
Slid to Bj the Most Perfect of
Her Class Afloat.
The tank steamer George Loomis arrived
from Ventura yesterday and anchored off
Meiggs wharf. This is the first time in
three months that she has failed to go
direct to the oil works, and there was
some comment over the fact, but the
matter was easily explained when it was
learned that the vessel whs going to Oak
land to discharge her cargo.
Several vessels were in the oil trade be
fore the George Loomis was built, but all
of them came to a sudden end. "Spon
taneous combustion" was the verdict, and
as no lives were lost there was very little
comment over the burning of the vessels.
The Loomis is especially adapted to the
trade. She has been built with all the
modern appliances and every safeguard
called for has been put aboard. The oil
tanks are hermetically sealed and the
connections between them and the engine
room are bulkueaded. Any leak in the
tanks is carried into the senppers and it
would only be by the remotest chance that
any of the overflow would cause damage.
The vessel is a good sea boat, and has
aiways made good time between here aud
the oil fields.
Frank Lemmons, a runner for the Cali
fornia Hotel, had a bad quarter of an
hour on board the steamer Oakland yes
terday. He paid his way across the bay,
and on the return trip began to "work the
passengers." The name of the hotel car
ried weight and he did well until Chief
Officer Higignson of the steamer put in
an appearance. The latter pointed out
that Lemmons was breaking the law
which prohibits soliciting on ferry-boats,
and then the trouble began. Lemmons
got abusive, and Hieginson was only pre
vented from active" hostilities by the in
tervention of the second mate and two
of the deckhands. When the Oakland
reached San Francisco Officer Charles
Callaghan was called in aud Lemmons
was placed under arrest on a charge of
disturbing the peace and vulgar langunge.
The people Lemmons was particularly
anxious to secure were the members o!
the French opera company, and it was
some of these who made the complaint to
the police; The cashier of the White
House will be one of the witnes-es against
Lemmons When the case is called in court
to-day.
George Fritch, the well-known coal mer
chant, came down from Coquille River on
the steam schooner Albion yesterday. He
had to be carried ashore and was com
pelled to move along on crutches to the
waiting carriage. While visiting the
mines he made a false step and fell about
thirty feet. The result was a sprained
ankle, which will probably keep him in
bed for several weeks^ Mr. Frilch is one
of the most popular men on the water
front, and his many friends were in evi
dence around the office on East street yes
terday.
The British ship Biairgowrie, which left
here on December 2 with a cargo of whtat,
has made the Dann«r run of the year.
Her sister ship, tne Blairhoyle, which left
here on December 5, was beaten by two
days. So both must have encountered
very favorable winds.
The two vessels sailed from this port for
Sydney, N. S. W., and in a private letter
to a friend in this City the captain of the
Blaiigowrie said that he never had a voy
age in which the circumstances were so
fisvorable. In the meantime the Blair
mere, a sister, ship to the two named, is
tied ud in Oakland Creek awaiting the
decision of the Board of Underwriters.
Since she was raised from the depihsof
Mission Bay the Blairmore has not earned
a cent of money for her owners, wliiiw the
Blair?owrie arid Blairhoyle have been
Disking quick passages and money for
their owners. The latter vessel was
loaded with flour, and as both wheat and
flour were in demand in New Foutli Wales
the shippers did even better than the
owners of the vessels.
T c tng Golden Gate is again in com
mission. She was cut in two some months
apo and lengthened twenty- five feet. She
is now a very handsome boa!, and will go
into the general tugboat business. When
there is Vf-ry little doin^ she will go out
with the fishing fleet and will bring in the
catch of the sailing boats in Drake's Bay
and nearby Doiiits.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
Karluk is having a foremast put in at
Main street, and the Martha \V. Tufts is
discharging cedar 10-s at Spear s;reet.
The schooner Lily L, that was brought
over from Oakland Creek to fit out for an
other hunting cruise, will not go into
commission. She will probably go back
to her old r.ncnontge to-morrow, as the
charterers do not think the prospects war
rant the expenditure of the money it
would cost to fit her out.
The tugboat men are wroth with the
observers at Point Reyes. They say that
time and a-ain they have been fooled on
information sent from that point, and are
now determined to enter a vigorous pro
test. Monday last a "sauare rigeer" was
reported "bound south," ana the "red
stack" company sent out the Sea Witch
and the "black stacks" the Active. After
a twenty-five-mile chase the tugboat men
discovered that the "square rigger" was
the Glory of the Sens, bound for Puget
Sound. Hence the trouble.
POLICE PROMOTIONS.
Sergeant Gleeson, Assisted by Corporal
Adnmt. Will llhvp Charge of the
License Drpartment,
The Police Commissioners met last
night to select a successor to the late Ser
geant Thomas D. McKenna to take charge
of the liquor-license department.
Corporal Henry Gleeson was promoted
to fill the vacancy and it was generally
conceded that no better selection could
have been made. He joined the force on
September 8, 1888, and in May, 1893, he
was assigned to the Jiquor-iu en<-e depart
ment ai as-istant to .Sergeant McKenna.
Ho was m«de a corporal on Decomber 1
1895.
His four years' service in the license de
partment has made him thoroughly
familiar with the requirements oi the
office and he is in every way compeent to
perform the duties devolving upon him.
His manners are genial, one of the most
essential requirements for the position,
and he has made many friends both in
and out of the department. The appoint
ment will meet with the approval of his
broiher officers.
Policeman John S. Adams was promoted
to be corporal and will perform tiie duties
of assistant lo Sergeant Gleeson. Adams
joined the force on December 21, 1881, and
bears the reputation of a brave and
efficient officer.
Superiority to fit defective 6ight conceded
to Berttling Optical Company; removed to 14
and 16 Kenny street. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
I*he Tank Steamer George Loomis That Carries Crude Petroleum Between Ventura and San
Francisco. She Is Said to Be the Most Perfect Vessel of Her Kind Afloat.
THE STORY OF
IRELAND'S WRONGS
As Recounted by the "Pa
triot Priest of Gwee
dore."
Metropolitan Hall Well Filled
to Hear Rev. Father
McFaiden.
The History of the System of Cosrcion
es Practiced by the Dominant
Partner.
Rev. James McFadden, "the patriot
priest of Gw6edore," made hisdebut bsfore
a San Francisco audience at Metropolitan
Hall last night, when he delivered an in
teresting and eicquent address on the
subject of Ireland and her wrongs.
The hall, very appropriately decorated
for the occasion, was well filled, and the
enthusiasm evoked by the speaker's forci
ble periods was general and spontaneous.
The platform was shared by the orator of
the evening, the chairman, Jeremiah
Deasy, and many well-known representa
tives of the local priesthood.
Several spirited selections by the Sacred
Heart College band opened the proceed
ings.
Mr. Deasy in a brief introductory aa
dress said tbat they were there assembled
that evening to show their appreciation
for a patriotic Irish priest, Rev. Father
MacFdden, who during the land league
troubles in Ireland was several times im
prisoned by the English Government for
i, is ODDoaition to oppressive measures.
But imprisonment was no Dadge of
ignominy in those days, when among
other patriots who snared the fate of
Father McFadden was one of the ereat
est of Ireland's sons — Charles Stewart
ParnalL
The following musical selections, which
were encored aimost without exception,
preceded the delivery of Father Mc-
Fadden' s address:
Song, "Oh, Where's the Slave So Lowly"
(Moore), Mr. Woods; vocal solo, Miss Mamie
i Burns; fancy dance, Miss Alicia Nolan; so
prano solo. Miss N. C. Kirby ; vocal soio, J. Mc-
I Au.iffs; selections, mandolin club, the Mi-ses
Baker, the Misses Johnson, the Misses Devlin
and Miss Mamie Grennati; .selections, Sacred
Heart Coik'ge imi.il; fancy dance. Master Ar
nold Grazer; recitation, Miss Anna Daly ; song,
Mr. Madden; "Ciod Save Ireland," audience,
standing.
Father McFadden was enthusiastically
applauded on rising. " 'Let cravens crawl
and tyrants hiss,' ue quoted, " 'and foes
look on deli^nted; to one aud all I would
answer this— we are wronged and must be
righted.' "
"Ladies and gentlemen," said he, "the
Almighty never intended the union of
Ireland and England, otherwise he would
never Dave created the lrisih Sea between.
[Laughter.] As it is said in a different con
nection, ' \Vii:iL God has joined let no man
senarate,' so we may ?ay in tbis case,
'What God has separated let no man
join.'
"The first invasion of England was sus
tained by violence, and ever since she has
held her sway Dy brute force. England
has distinguished herself among nations
by perpetually annexing to her dominions
places that are weak and incapable of con
ducting a war against ber.
"When she entered the field against the,
United States, we know how very rapidly
shf had to climb down, and now she kow
tows to you in order that no warlike un
dertakings may be threatened against
her."
lie argued that the racial differences be
tween the two nations made union impos
sible. Th.c hislorv of England's rule of
Ireland was a history written in tears and
blood. Ever since the so-called union se
cured by bribery and corruption England
had not dealt with Ireland constitution
ally, but had maintained her power at the
point of the bayonet. Nearly «very year
of the ninety years which had elapsed
since the union hnd seen the enactment
of some coercive measure. Under Balfour
and the.last Tory administration the con
ditions were sucu that no man dared
make known his views concerning the re
lations between landlord and tenant.
The speaker described the conditions
existing when he joined tho parish of
Gweedore. He made a determined stand
against the tyranny of the landlords and
did his best to intervene between the lat
ter and their tenants. But in soite of
famine and penury the landlords invari
ably refused to ssbate a penny of| their
claims for judgment. This agrarian
struggle finally resulted in partial inde
pendence and now they were in a position
to dictate terms 10 the landlord. [Cheers.]
The speaker aroused considerable in
lerest and amusement by his recital of
the fact? leading up to his own arrest and
imprisonment.
The jail in which the speaker was con
fined measured 7 feet wide and 9 feet
lons and resembled a tunnel with an
arched roof.
He was arrested again soon after his re
lease. The officer intrusted with the exe
cution of the warrant swore that he would
take McFaddeu at 4 o'clock, dead or
alive.
Before 4 o'clock McFadden was arrested
alive, but the officer was dead, the victim
of the fury of the priest's parishioners,
who thought that he sought to injure
McFalden jihvsically.
In conclusion tne speaker described the
system of terrorism invented by the Gov
ernment, the packing and bribing of juries
and the subornation of witnesses. The
, restoration of the Liberal administration
had brought about amelioration, and now
comparative peace and prosperity reigned
at Gweedore.
LE ROY HARVEY'S DEAL.
Mrs Emily A. P. *imth Compromises
* a Suit for 56760 With the
Grangers' Bank.
The suit of the Grangers' Bank of Cali
fornia against Emily A. P. Smith for
$6760 haß been dismissed.
It is understood that a compromise was
reached.
"When the ca=e was called for trial in
Judce Bahrs' court both sides answered
ready and one whole day was devoted to
the taking of testimony. The pleadings
were in themselves quite interesting.
Mrs. Smith in her answer denied that
she by her agent, Le Roy G. Harvey, or
otherwise or at all made or execute J or
delivered to the plaintiff or to any one
any such note as is set forth in the com
plaint.
The complaint showed that the notes
were signed "Emily A P. Smith, per Le
Roy G. Harvey, attorney in /act." Con
cerning this Mrs. Smith, the defendant,
said :
The said defendant is further Informed ana
verily believes, and upon and according to her
information and b?li<-f avers, one Le Roy (J.
Harvey executed and delivered to the plain
herein that certain paper, writing or note
alleged in the complaint, but that it was
made and delivered without her authority,
consent or knowledge, and was without : ny
consideration whatever, ns the bank th' n arid
there well knew, and she verily believes that
the bank at all limes whs and still is the true
payee and the real party in interest, for whose
benefit the note was made.
The notes were drawn in favor of the
cashier of the bank and were by him in
dorsed and made pay.. to the bank.
From the trend of the first day's testi
mony it became clear that Mrs. Smith
would try to prove that the notes were
made by Harvey to settle his personal in
debtedness to the bank and that they
knew she was not a party in interest. Not
withstanding these facts a valuable piece
of real estate at the northeast corner of
Jackson and Webster streets, in this City,
belonging to Mrs. Smith and her daugh
ter, Maude A. Smith, was attached by the
Sheriff by direction of the bank. 
SIERP FOLLOWS DURRANT.
The Latter* <> 1m it*- Will Go to San
Ouentlu for 1 wenty-Five
Voarj.
Again has the Supreme Court distin
guished itself and again does discomfort
reign in the cellmate of Theodore Dur
rant. This time me decision of the lower
court in the case of Wiiiiam Sierp, Dur
rnnt's cellmate, is affirmed, and he will go
to San Quentin for twenty-five years for
murder in the second degree.
The crime for which Sierp will pay this
penalty is the murder of Manuel Moreno,
an Italian fruitvender, whom the con
victed man shot and stabbed in Hinck:cy
alley.
His attorneys appealed the case uron
the ground that certain evidence was ad
mitted in the form of a deposition, the dy
ing statement of the murdered man. They
took the position t tint the State law does
not admit the introduction of a deposition
in a murder case. The Supreme Court
thought otherwise, as it was made in the
shadow of impending death.
This decision leave Durrant without a
celimnte. To Sierp Durrant is a famous
personage, and the two men have grown
to be fast friends. Durrani's friendship is,
in part, due to the fact tliat Sierp does
most of the housework and other similar
favors.
A PAULIST f ATHER SPOKE.
Betrayal of Christ Discusiert by Rev.
Father Powpii at St. afar.y'g Churcli.
Old St. Mary's Churcli, cornerof Califor
nia and Dupont streets, the headquarters
ol the Paulist Fathers, was well filled last
night by a congregation assemb'ed lo hear
a lecture by Rev. Father C. J. Powers.
The snbj.ct was "The Betrayal of
Christ" and the text was, "They weighed
for my wage? thirty pieces of silver." —
Zacharias xi:l2.
During bis discourse and in substance
he said :
A week ago we watched in spirit the agony
of Jesus Christ. We saw him prone upon the
ground Deueath the olives ol Geth^emane.
We beheld his dejection, his sorrow, his an
guish of soul, his utter abandonment. We
heard his prayer that if it were possible his
chalice of bitterness might pass away from him,
but we knew that it was sin that had made
that chalice bitter, knew that he suffered for
our transgressions.
We saw him atoning by his obedience for
our many disobediences. We trembled as we
beheld him draining that cup to tne very last
drop. While his soul seemed breaking from
ins body, while we almost feared to look upon
him in his unspeakable misery, we beheld him
shining in the ruby brightness of his precious
blood and an angel from heaven strengthen
ing him.
To-nijtht in the same garden we shall wit
ness his betrayal. In that band that came
upon him are .lews of every rank and condi
tion, of every sect an<l opinion. All differences
seem forgotten lv the eagerness to keep toward
the head of the motley procession. Here are
officers ot the Sanhedrim, here guards of the
temple, here servingmen of the high priest.
And for once Roman and Jew are in accord
for here, too, are Roman legionaries, a tribune
and the soldiers of his cohort. And herein
tne foremost rank cf (his troop of Jew and
gentile walks one of the twelve, Judas Iscariot.
"Judas Iscariot. what dost thou here?" The
voice of the prophet answers: "They have
weighed for my wages thirty pieces of silver."
"Judas Iscariot. apostle of Christ, what dost
thou here?" The voice of him once an apostle
replies: "Whomsoever I shall kiss, that is he;
that is he; take hold of him and lead him
away."
Judas Iscariot has been bought. His avarice
has betray* d him. For sordid gain he has
sold ins friend, his master, his God, even his
own immortal soul.
Voflrae Held for Trial.
Dennis Vodrae, the quartermaster of the
steamer Acapulco, who was detected trying to
smuggle twenty-eight tins of opium into this
port in the false bottom of his trunk, was held
lor trial by United States Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday in $1000 bonds. Vodrae ad
mitted that the opium was his, but slated that
it was taken in payment ot a debt. He had no
explanutiou to make of his reason for conceal
ing the drug in his trunk.
Always the best specs and eyeglasses. Ber
tellng Optical Company, 14-16 Kearoy it. *
ABLE ORATORS TO
SPEAK FOR CUBA
Names of Those Who Will
Address the Mass-
Meeting.
Mayor Phe an Will Preside Over
the Big Gathering at the
Temple.
A Handiom Cuban Flag Will B
Presented to the Laagne on
M n3ay Evening.
San Franci?co is not goiner to be behind
other cities of the Union in showing her
sympathy for the struggling Cubans, and
the character and standing of tuose who
are interesting themselvei in the move
ment is a guarantee t hat the mass-meet
ing at Metropolitan Temple on the even
ing of Saturday, the UOth inst., will be a
great success.
The committee of fifteen appointed by-
Chairman Charles M. Shortridge of the
committee of fifty-eight appointed by
Mayor Phelan to make arrangements for
the big gathering met last evening and set
tled many important points. Mr. Short
ridge was not able to be present, owing to
severe illness that has kept him confined
to his bed for some time vast.
It was decided to appoint the following
speakers for the mass- meeting: W. S.
Barnes, Samuel M. Shortridge, Colonel
Eddy. Patrick Redly and W. \V. Foote.
One thing that Mr. McCue set forth that
elicited attention was that the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific and North Pacific
Coast roaiis were running trains out of
San Rafael and boats out of San Francisco
iat about the same time. Ha claimed they
ought to alternate, and said they could
give as good service in this way with half
, the trip.-.
He also held that the cost of running
would be only half, and that therefore the
fare oueht !o be reduced one-half. He
q loted figures which be alleged showed
(Oat commuters had paid the interest on
the railway bonds. He said, too, that the
round trip rate to Corte Madcra, twelve
: miles from San Francisco, was the same
I as the r;ite to San Quentin, a distance of
' twenty-two miles. He argued that it
ought :o be made one-half.
On Monday night next the Cuban
League, the original organization of
Cuban sympathizers in this City, will
hold a meeting at California Hall, at
which the main event will be the presen
tation to the league of a handsome Cuban
rlag now being made by the Ladies'
Auxiliary.
Tnere will nlso be speeches by promi
nent people. The rlag is a handsome
affair, and will be offered to the com mi tee
in charge of the mass-meeting, to be used
in decora iing the platform at Metropolitan
Temple on the night of the gathering.
It is three feet long by two feet in width
and decorated with gold fringe.
The California Stale Band has volun
teered its services, free of charge, for the
mn«s- meeting.
President Jones ana Secretary Mascher
ini of the leaeue are constantly in receipt
of letters from all parts of the country,
offering aid and sympathy in the cause.
A BILLIARD TOUBNAMENT.
It Will Open Thia Evening at the Occi
dental Hotel.
Arrangements have been completed for
an amateur billiard tournament to com
mence at the Occidental Hotel this even
ing. It will be a handicap balk - line
match, and so far there are nine entries.
Each evening there will be two games
played until the tournament ends. The
Brunswick-Balke Company han pnt up
$100 and the Occidental Hotel has given
$50. The entries and their handicaps are:
Mitchell 300 (scratch), Heincke 300
(scratch), Thompson 250, Dr. O. B. Burns
225, Maroney 200, Rogden 200. Midgett
175, Whiting 175, Lewis 175. Burns and
Thompson, Mitchell and Lewis are the
games scheduled for this evenintr. Maro
ney and Mitchell are the promoters of the
tournament.
NEW TO-DAT.
E^j\n Parents cannot afford iTfIC
pjt»V to take any chances v"ft
'VY with their children's V&>
. | eyesight. Eyes that \J\
$B& are failing or are be- (^J
~^\ coming | troublesome V"1
Z^S should be examined at \\
"^J once. Our opticians \ 1
--^8^ have made a special M I
[Im\) study of children's M
I tif eyes. We guarantee -W:
\- all their work. j^^
wSfflf A. N'ORDMAN L .'n ORPHAN Pl| :
STANDARD OPTICAL CO.; ?
217 Kaaurny Street, S. P.
JAPANESE COUNTS
AS APPRENTICES
Four Young Noblemen on
the British Ship
Grenada.
Learning to Be Sailors So That
They May Become
Commanders.
The Peter Deniston Lne of English
Ships Employ Only G r
mai Captains.
The British four- masted ship Grenada,
now lying at section 2 of the seawall, en
joys the unique distinction of numbering
among her crew four young men who are
ol noble birth and whu wilt at some
future time each be known by the title of
count. Nor are they British subjects
either. They owe their allegiance to the
ruler of Nippon, the Mikado of Japan.
Some years ago the fathers of the young
mariners, who stand hi.h in the councils
of the Japanese nation, decided that it
would be a good plan to have their heirs
become sailors, that they might be a
credit to their country at a time when the
land of the chrysanthemum should be
come a great maritime power. So the
owners ot the Peter Denis'on line of
British iron vessels was applied to, and
for a consideration the embryo com
manders were shipped as apprentices.
Those now on the Grenada are Denkicki
Mori, Satkichi Toganii and Dogi Hagino.
Reystaro Takeda was also formerly an
apprentice on the Grenada, but has been
transferred to the Socotro, another ship of
the same line. All of theyoun^' Japanese
are developing into smart sailors and ex
pect to command ships of their own within
a few years. Captain Korff says thit they
are well behaved and obedient and as
good men as he would care to handle.
The Peter Deniston iine of ship.-s which
comprises the Grenada, Australia, tfocotro
and two others, en joy a another distinction
in that it is the oniy*Briti«h line in which
all of the captains are Germans. Each
vessel carries four mates, and these in
almost every instance are al^o Germans.
This fact is accounted for by the cir
cumstance that wriile the vessels fly the
British flag and are under Enelish register
the larger portion of the btotk of the com
pany to which they belong is held in Ham
burg and other cities in Germany.
The Grenada arrived here on November
12 last, just too iate to save a splendid
charter that would have netted her owners
much money. She came here under
charter at 27 shillings, but as she came
r.head of time her owners did not allow her
to enter port but sent her north for a
cargo of coal, trusting to get her back in
time to take the car.o for which she had
been chartered.
Bad weather prevented her from getting
in on time, and the charter lapsed. She
has been idle ever since, and has just ac
cepted a charter for Liverpool at 15 shil
lings. She goes to Port Costa, to load coal,
this alternoon.
WAS HE MURDERED?
Friends of August Anderson Claim
That » Fractured Jaw Cnased
His Death.
August Anderson, an seed shoemaker,
died at the City and County Hospital at 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon. His death,
the hospital physicians allege, was due to
consumption, but friends of the deceased
claim otherwise.
On December 1 Anderson and a butcher
named Michael Connay came to blows in
a saloon, and when the combatants were
separated it was found that Anderson had
sustained a fracture of the jaw.
He was removed to his home and a
physician summoned, but after a few days
he was removed to the City and County
Hospital. The old man slowly weakened,
and yesterday afternoon he died. Al
though ot the belief that consumption
was the cause of rteath, the hospital physi
cians considered the fractur»a jaw, ar.a
had the body removed to the Morgue, that
an inquest might, be held.
Connay will be arrested and held pend
ing the verdict of the Coroner's jury.
Kicked by a Horse«
Diedrlck Seegelken, a canvasser living at
2233 Geary street, was kicked by a horse he
was driving at Ocean View yesterday after
noon and sustained a compound fracture of
the right lei?. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital and Dr. Dudley attended to
the injured member.
HEY TO-DAT.
Well worth doing — get
a package of Schilling's Best
tea of your x grocer and try
it.
If you don't like it, he
will return your money back
in full.
4 Schilling St. Company
San rr.incisco H*
XEW TO-DAY — AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPER A-HOUS3
UXB.KBNKSTIXK Kbkmv j. Proprietor & Manager
THK GILBERT AND BULHVAN SEASON!
t O - I Cr "AX T!
THE GREAT SUCCESS!
GRAND SCENIC REVIVAL ■
Of the Celebrated Nautical Satire,
XX. 2VE. S.
PI^FORE
EXCELLENTLY CAST
VA:-;: CAREFULLY STAGED
MAGNIFICENTLY MOUNTED-:
Popular Prices — 25c and sOc
111 f*A7JIDI THE BIQQEST
ALbA£AKI business of
BelaacoALaFaille.Mts. [ THE SEASON !
Every Seat Sold Again Last Night!
1 Triumphant Success of the Greatest Flay of the
■ Century. .
"JIM THE FEINM-A-IST I"
OEOKGEOSBOUBNK HUGO TO LAND
And the Superb Alcazar Company
Our Regular Pries. Beat* b.* Telephone Black 991
OACINGI RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- —
.; WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday.March 8. to March 20. Inclusive
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday.
'lhurtdajr, Friday and Saturday.
'  Hal nor Shine.
FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15: P. M. Sharp— -
Ferry Boats l»ave .-an Francisco at la m. ana
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :30, J:'JO. 2:30 and 3 p. M.. connect-
ing wltn . trains stopping at, the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to shell Mound.
- Keturnlug- Traini leave the Track at 4:15 aul
4:45 F. m. and Immediatc-ly after the last race.
- ,- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, iTesldent.
B. B. MILKOY, ttecreuury.
. : KEW TO-DAT
yquWlake
money these days
BY KEEPiNB YCUB EYES OP£N.
TliHisday, Friday § Saturday Specials
10-Ib Pails Pure Leaf Lard. .... 75c
Large Cans Boneless Sardines • - 22ab
Mb Frames Tare White Honey • • - 9c
Choice Eastern Sugar Cured Hams, Ib lie
Full Cream Cheese ■ - • • • per Ib 10c
Large Fat Satan Bellies, just in • ■ 5e
Crosse & Blackwell's Mix Pickles • - 15c
(35c size)
Crosse & Blackwell's Mix Pickles • • 25c
(«50c size)
Becker's Farma — this week . • . ■ 9c
Regular price 15c.
Becker's Self • Rising Buckwheat
Hour • • • . per package 15c
Port and Sherry worth $1.50 a gal-
lon - • - • - - this week 75c
All $1 Bottles Whiskey- ■ this week 70c
Gordon &Dillworth's Tomato Catsup 19c
(3Oc size) .;■-:
101b Sacks Eastern Corn lal • • --223 C
Genuine Imported French Sardines
• • - • • ■ - • 3 cans for 25c
Marin County Creamery Butter,
nothing better maile, per square 35c
Fancy Ranch l-gg* • • • per dozen \'2h
Fletcher's Cocktails, all kinds, reg-
ular $1.25 •-•.•- this week 75c
Postnm Cereal, 15c size • 12c
i Postum Cereal, 25c siz3 lite
j Eastern Cream Cheese ■ • • per Ib 12ic
SCHILLING'S BEST TEA.
Pound. i a -Ponnd.
i Japan "»Oc 25c
I English Breakfast 800 300
I Oolong 74c - 40c
| Ceylon 8)c ! 400
| Blend SI.JS 63c
Send for monthly Catalogue. ..' :
We J'r--pay freight to 101) Stations.
We Ship Every where.
j Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET STREET,
B«tw 1 Fitth and Sixth, San Irancisco.
NEW TO-OAT-AMUSEMEirrs.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALii»rMA.\ >t v.i>. tlneoi pormOd] fcot>c:.uii:t
LAST WEEK! LAST 3 NIGHTS!
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY!
THE ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
JAMES A. HERNE
In Ills Own Beautiful Play,
! SHORE ACRES
j COMMENCING 31 DAY. MARCH 15.
•. DAVENPORT
Supported by MELBOUKNK MACDOWELU •
First Tim? Here— Sardoa'a
Gr I S3VCO JNTID.A..
Saturday .Night, March 20— FEDORA, w *-
jO" Davenport- Sardou Silver Souvenirs Satur-
day night to ladies 011 lower floor.
Boxes and teals ready TO-DAY.
1 «
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Ai. Hayman id Co. (Incorporated) Lessees
Grand Cpera Season !
Till. famous ..'atwi
FRENCH — OPERATIC - ORGANIZATION!
(140 reople), Direct from Europe, via
New Orleans,
Friday Night TROVATOKB
With Brilliant Ballet Divertissement, etc. -
Sa:ui\lav .Matinee „ „. FAUST
t .Saturday Evening .....MISS UKLYKTT
Tuesday, March 16 SIGUItD
Thursday. March 18— Double BiII— NOCKS IJfcJ
JE AXETTEand CAVALLKKIA KUS-
xi can a:
Saturday Matinee, March 20... LA .TUIVK
Saturday .VOYAGE OF SI ZETTK
To be fol .owed by "DRAGONS DX VILI.AKS."
•LA XAVAKHAISE," etc.
Peats now selling for first ten operns.
TRItDLAItntR.C-OTnOB c>- vi?r 3 aud IWWW •• ■
THE BIG EVENT THIS WEEK! — .
MR. JOSEPH HAWORTH,
supported by
MISS MARGARET CRAVEN
And a Powerful Company, in
"H.XJTT r^Zj-aJs!"
Preceded by Thomas' Beau uui sketch, "A MAS
Oi THK \V.»K. D."
Magnificent New Costumes and Stage Effects.
Next Monday— Cissy Ftiz?era!d in -The FounJ-
ling.'' the great coming sepsnlion.
SEATS OX SALE TO-DAY,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAL'iEii iIOBOSCO. . .SoIo Lessee .m 1 \U:i 1;.:
Initial Production in San Fran"i«co of
the Sensational Comedy Drama,
"THE BUCK DETECTIVE!"
A Thrilling Play with Wonderful Mechanical
Effects.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY!— A STRONG CAST!
Songs Specialties Dances I
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday and Samtajr-
A Brand New Bill Beyond Compare !
The Firing Jordan Family, 6 in number: Vir-
ginia Aragon. queen of the silver wire; Mario
and Mario, horizontal < bar performiince: The
OliJans. three-headed nondescript; John Burke
and Grace Forest, comedy artists; last week of
the Finnevs. Great l.yrlcSUirj, Uuillf, Ahka-*- '
off and Ji iss Cotte, etc. .
\ Reserved seats. aft*; .balcony, 10c; Opera-chalri •
•nd box-seats, 50; »
Concerts in the Orpheum Annex every evening.
o'F.irreii street, near siockiou.
Sun Francisco' •> Family Convert Hall.
Weak of Mniclav. Starch 8,
3- — Magnificent New Programmes— —3
LUMINOUS MUSICAL GEMS '-'
From the mo<t treasured works of the Great
Masters, admirably presrnted by HEIIK FERDI-
NASDSTARK, Strauss' grf-a est living inter-
prater, and
THE VIENNA OUCIIESTKA. -:;*•<
Graml Concert Kverv Evening at 8 o'clock.
ENTERTAINMENT.
PANTOMIMK AN CONCERT BY THK DEAF
AND THIS BLIND. Deaf-Mnte .'ranch of the
Young iien's Chris. lan Association, at the .
Auditorium, N. K. corner Mason and Kills streets,
I i.l:iv Evening, Ma oh 13, iB-»7.
Admission 25c and 5 oc. Reserve 1 seats 25c extra.
THE CHUTES.
EVERT- AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Great Open-Air Performance,
SPECIAL— i re- Pocket JCinetoscopcs to Chil-
. dren next f-aurd.iv and suniay.
''AUUIMSIOA.'IOc.'" CHILDKi N, sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE ! I'BOGKAHJIK.
Grand Concert Every sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, loo; Children, at
78
JOY IN STORE
FOR VETERANS
Salinas Preparing for the
Encamrnmt of Old
Soldiers.
Grand Welcome to Bs Given to
the Men Who Fought for
the Flag
Committees Hard at Work to Insure
a Season of Pieasure for
the Visitors.
SALINAS, Cal., March 10.— Thii beau
tiful and thriving little city in astir with
the business of arranging a grand enter
tainment for the Grand Army of the Re
public in April. The brave soldiers who
fought that the flag might be free will re
ceive a royal welcome here. Sympathetic
ears will listen to the old heroes as they
recount stories of the ramp and field.
When memories of the Wilderness, Get
tysburg and Antietam are recalled they
will strike responsive chords in the hearts
nf the multitude here, for even the school
children are preparing to listen and wel
come the brave remnant that fought and
saved the Union.
Salinas has been chosen as the site of
the thirteenth annual encampment of the
Department of California and Nevada,
Grand Army of the Republic, and tnera ia
an atmosphere of preparation among all
ranks and conditions of the people. The
encampment of honored guests wiil con
vene in the opera-house at 2:30 p. M. on
Wednesday, April 21, and the eood rcen
and women of Salinas will do their utmost
during tlie remainder of that week to
make the eld heroes happy and leave in
tueir memories Beautiful pictures of Sali
nas' hospitality.
There seems to be an ambition here to
Bnri a«s the hospitality that tbe people of
eanta Cruz extended to the encampment
last year. The entire population feels the
impulse of new growth and realizes that
this is to be a stirring city of considerable
commercial importance and the people
wr.nt to show visitors that their welcome
h a- genial as the balmy clime, their hos
pitality as beautiful as the picturesque
mountains in the panoramic background.
The encampment will be a great success
because the oid so.diers want to come and
because everybody here is anxious to make
it go. The citizens have gone at their
■work in a thorough, businesslike way.
The fa'rst thing they did was to appoint a
strong commiitee of representative citi
zens to direct matter?. This body began
work at once and its labors have gone on
irom the outset with unabated vigor. Un
flagging zeal characterizes all that it does
and the names of the men in charge are a
guaranty that their plans cannot fail.
Such men as H. S. Bill, J. G. Joy, L. H.
Garrigu*, W. H. Clark, G. A. Daugherty
ami Harry Win ham a* ch.ef workers in
sure ihe success of aa.v undertaking for
the public good. All o! these and many
others serving on various commute s are
working in unison to make ;he event suc
cessful. When the visitors arrive they
will hnd the town beautifully decorated
with flags and bunting, while the people
will give them sue > a welcome as has
n<-ver been surpassed.
One of the most active men in carrying
forward the pieparalions for the encanip
mei:t is J. G. Joy, cornniatider of Steed
man Post, G. A. X., who served in Com
pany E of tne Second Maine Volunteer In
fantry, ile is abiy spconded in li 1-s efforts
by Captain M, J. Burke of Troop C, Cali
fornia National Gaard. Those men and
those aiding on the various committees
are extended great assistance by businesi
men and by the rank and tile ot patriotic
lit zens in general. '
The town will oe full of strangers during
the week of the encampment. Letters are
coming from various parts of the State
which show that great interest is mani
fested in this year's encampment. It is a
conservative estimate that there will be
from 500 to 700 members of the G. A. R.
here during the week of the festivities.
It is also probable that ti:ere will be sev
eral hundred who are not members of the
G. A. R. 1 here will be several hundred
ladies and oilier members of soldiers'
families, as well as many visitors who will
come for a holiday.
Fur the benefit of old soldiers through
out the State, it may ba well to give a
Slight forecast of the programme of the
week. Encampment headquarters will
close in San Francisco, April 20, and will
on that day be removed to the Abbott
Hotel here.
The committee on credentials will meet
at the opera-house immediately on the
adjournment of the Wednesday session of
the encampment.
The commander of General Jame& B.
Steedman J'o=t No. 56 will furnish a de
tail for guard duty during each day of the
festival. This will consist of the officers
of tho day, officer of the guard and four
comrades under arms.
Rate? of fare by rail from San Fran
cisco and other points interested will be
one and a third of the regular rates lor
the round trip, no stopover being allowed.
Hotel rates here will not be higher than
the usual prices of $1 to $2 per day. Beds
at residences will oe charged for at' the
rate of 50 cents per night, while meals at
restaurants may be secured for 25 cents
and up as per bill of fare. : ,';,* : \[
A grand parade and review will take
place Thursday morninc. the column
moving at 10 o'clock. It is b9lieved that
this will be the greatest spectacular event
of this character that has ever been seen
in. the valley. ;
Full details of the entertainment of
guests have not yet been arranged, but it
is certain that there will be splendid mu
sical and literary entertainment, ample
banquets and all that goes to make life
pleasant. In a general way t»ie pro
gramme for the week is as follows; Mem-
(day, 2:30 p. m., opening of encampment;
i Wednesday evenin-j;, general reception;
Thursday morning, parade; evening, mu
sical and literary entertainment at the
'opera-house; Friday morning, business
j session; evening, oanquet at Armory Hail,
! for all visitors.
Secretary \V. H. Clark of the executive
j committee is one of the typical old sol
i diers here. Perhaps no man was ever
! much more shattered by shot and shell.
He is one of tne hardest workers for the
success of the encampment. Mr. Clark
was a private in the Ninety-second Regi
ment of New York Volunteer.-' and was in
I Casey's famous division at ihe battle of
: Seven Pine?, Va., May 31, 1862, where he
. was severely wounded in the lefr hip by
a musket bull, by a buckshot in the ri^ht
i side and in the back by the fragments of
j a shell. He lay on the field until sun
| down of the next day, when he was cap
j tured and pat into Libby Prison Hospital,
then on Belle Island, till exchanged in
August. Mr. Clark is hale to-day and will
enliven the encampment with some good
stories of battle.
Commander J. G. Joy is another veteran
with a long record for bravery. He was
in the Second and also in the Thirty-first
Maine Volunteer Infantry and took part
in many great engagements where bullets
fell around him like hail.
The various committees having the cele
bration in charge are busy every day ar
ranging details. The executive committee
was selected with great care, and consists
of men of high standing, irrespective of
whether they are members of the G. A. R.
The full committee is as follows: Mayor
i Harris, W:liam Vanderhurst, Vv\ H.
' Clark, R. L. Porter, Professor A. 0. Barker,
! James H. MiPoughall, James B. Iverson,
' G. A. l);iueheri}\ Charles France, F 11.
i Lang. J. G. Joy. J. Berees. lion. H. S.
; Ball, J. P. Lauretzen, Hon. J. D. Carr, \V.
j .1. Irvinp, W. H. Pyburn, A. B. Jackson,
Harry Winham, S.*M. Matthews, Hon.
I N. A. Dorn.
The iollowing gentlemen are chairmen
of the committees: Finance, William
Vanderhurst; entertainment, R. L. Por
, ter; music, G. A. Daugherty; de<. orations,
; Charles France: reception, Thomas Har
ris; printing, F. H. Lang; accommoda
] tions, John G. Joy.
W. J. Hill, editor and proprietor of the
Salinas Citizens Who Ar2 Preparing for the Veterans* Coming.
Index, is a very enthusiastic worker for
tbe success of the encampment. The Owl
and Journal have also done good work.
In fact, newspapers, committees and cit
izens in general, including the ladies, are
doing all in their power to make the com
ing of the encampment a great success.
The orator of tho day lias not yet been se
lected, but it is probable that the commit
tee will succeed in getting some one of
known reputation from San Francisco or
Los Angeles. It is apparent to the most
casual observer that the thirteenth an
nual encampment will be a success in
every deta:i, if the energy and patriotism
of the energetic people of this thriving
little city can brine success out of hopes
that are now golden and efforts that are
unabating in the cause nearest their
hearts.
aAy oimfiu failure.
Mortgage* Loan and. Truit Company
One* Into Imolreney.
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., , March 10.— The
j California Mortgage Loan and Trust Com-
I pany made a voluntary assignment this
evening for the benefit of creditors, with
out preferences. The liabilities are $203,
--j 000, consisting entirely of securities on
real estate guaranteed by the company.
The assets are $280,000, consisting almost
entirely of real estate.
Mr. Swayne said this evening: "There
is no prospect of loss to any creditor.
The company has ample property to more
than pay all its debt*, even at the present
depreciated value?. The failure was caused
by continued depression in realty and ut
ter inability to turn large real estate hold
ings into money."
The New Armory cf Troop C of Salinas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 18i>7
SENATOR DOLPH'S
SUDDEN DEATH
I Widespread Grief to the
North, "Where Rolls
the Oregon."
He Favored Amputation of a Leg
With One Chance in Ten
to Survive.
Sketch of the Career of a Member of
Congress Who Brou;ht His State
Prominence.
PORTLAND, Or., March 10.— Joseph
N. Dolph, ex-United States Senator, died
at his home in this city this morning at
10:50 o'clock, after an illness of about
two weeks. His death was caused by the
shock following the amputation of his
left leg, which operation was performed
last Mori 'lay afternoon.
For years Mr. Dolph has been suffering
from diabetis, ani his life has been pro
longed only by the extraordinary care he
has taken of himself, together with great
self-denial in the matter of diet. It has
been noticed for the last year that he was
beginning to fail, but he was able to be
about until two weeks ago, when he was
forced to confine himself to his house.
Even then his illness was not supposed to
be serious, but while at home he became
troubled with an ingrowing toenail on the
left foot. He caused this to De operated
upon, and a few days afterward blood
poisoning was manifested. The entire
left leg below the knoe became affected,
and, owing to the impoverished condition
of his blocd and general weakness, its pro
gress could not be stayed.
Asa last resort amputation was decided
upon. Mr. Dolph gave his consent, not
withstanding the fact that he was told
that ho had but one chance in ten to sur
vive. Alter the amputation he raliied for
a day or two, but early this morning he
began to s nk into death.
Funeral ceremonies are now being con
isdered by Masonic, Odd Fellows and
other orders to which he belonged, and
will take place next Friday afternoon.
A general feeling of sorrow was mani
fested in this city over the death of Mr.
Dolph. The prominence he has taken in
National nffairs gained for him at home
the respect and admiration of evory one,
K-gardless of politics. Flags on all public
buildings were displayed at half-mast this
afternoon.
Ex-Senator Dolpb was born in New
York State In 1836 and came to Portland
in 18(51, at once engaging in the practice
of law, in which he was very successful.
He wns early recognized as being girted
with brilliant professional attainments,
a logical mind and a strong character.
Mr. Dolph soon identified himself with
the politics of this State and during the
days uf the reb.-llion he was a stanch,
uncompromising Republican.
In 1882 he was elected to the United
THE LATE SENATOR JOSEPH N. DOLPH OF OREGON.
Sates Senate from this State, makine r.
spiendid record for himself not only in
the Senate but also in the United States
Supreme Court, where on frequent oc
casions he practiced during his twelve
years' residence in Washington City. He
was a warm personal friend of ex-Presi
dent Harrison and during the latter's
administration Senator Dolph was the
most prominently spoken ot as Justice
Field's successor on the United States
Supreme bench, the Justice's resignation
being expected at that time.
Two years aeo the ex-Senator was de
fented for re-election. Since then he re
sumed his residence here, but while he
woul>l not confess to his disappointment
his defeat aggravated the disease, diabetis,
from which he suffered for more tnan a
dozen years. Some months ago he was ap
pointed receiver of the Portland Savings
Bank.
ALVISO SLOUGH'S MYSTERY.
Stories of Hermit Rodman's Hidden Wealth
Still Being Heard in a San
Jose Court
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aiarch 10.— Farther j
testimony was taken to-day before Jud c j
Hyland in regard to the wealth of Charles
F. Rodman, tbe old hermit who was found,
dead in an ark on the Alviso Slough, last
September.
Mrs. Jules Pelle and James Brown said
they had heard all sorts ot stories about
the finding of the old recluse's wealth, but
they had seen none of the money nor knew
anything definite abo at the matter.
Ed Salvage testified to having a conver- j
sation with Emory in which he said he '
had $8000. He showed the witness at two i
different times two different $1000 United ;
States bonds, and when Emory returned i
from the East he accused the witness and i
others of stealing some money he left in
the ark.
George Emory was again put on the
stand. He said he tried to cash the bond
in San Francisco and San Jose but no
where else. When he went East he de
posited it in a Boston bank. Tbe witness
: could not remember telling of the inc
j dent of Ju-tice Bradley pocketing some
I papers, ana said in that regard, "'I had
| been drinking, and if it is so I am not
I aware of it."
X■K ■ ■■■ rr denied seeing the belt with
f it.uO in it and secreting it while searching
the boat. "It was a case of grab," he saidl
"when the Coroner got there and we al, j
wanted to get something. I was pulling j
, one end of an anchor chain and somebody ,
was on t he other, but ihe Coroner stonpea j
us. The guns ot the old man were old j
and rusty. We brought those to Jules ;
Pelle's saloon for a curiosity. I bought j
tbe boat for the chain and anchor, and
■ wtien the crowd went away Beard and I !
were the last. That's when we found the ■
I JlfiOO. We felt so funny we didn't count'
I it."
A clerk from the Union Bank wai
brought into court, and he testified that
Emory had $500 on deposit there, for
which a letter of credit had been issued.
It was asreed to between Emory, Coro
ner Secord and District Attorney Herring
ton to send the bond in Emory's posses
sion that was found in the ark East, ana
if it Is good steps will be taken by the
.Public Administrator to recover it.
BRIGHT CJluM' VKOSPBCTB.
Condition* Were Merer Better in Santa
Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10. — Never
before were the prospects so bright for
largo crops of all kinds in Santa Clara
County. Although it is a little too early
to ?stimate the fruit crop, the indications
at the present time are that yields of all
kinds of fruits will be immense, and
unless something unforeseen happens,
should exceed the famous big crop in 1893.
The buds on the trees are well set. The
rainfall, nearly fourteen inches, has been
well distributed, and the only damage
that can be done is from frosts. Moorpark
apricots, which only beer well about evory
third year, promise a large crop. The
dried fruit crop of 1896 has about all gone
forward, and the fruit market was never
in a better condition than at present to
receive a large crop.'
The vineyards are looking well, and a
large yield of grapes with prospects of an
increased price for the vintage is looked
for. The acreage devoted to wheat and
barley this year is greater than for several
years past. The grain is up and looking
well. The hay crop will be large.
Captain Sennrtt't Will.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— The will
of the late Captain James Sennett, the
well-known navigator and pilot, who died
at his home near Santa Clara on March 4,
was tiled for probate by Selina Sjnnett,
his widow, to-day. The estate is valued
at $25,000. It consists of $11,000 in a San
Francisco bank, stocks and bonus valued
at $SCOO, and a stevedoring plant in San
Francisco worth $7500. The widow is the
Mj!e devisee.
Hi* Hnm* Behind, the Bar*.
BAN JOSE, Cal., March 10 —William
Downing, tho 18-year-old boy who robbed
a room in the Tyhurst lodging- hous^ on
Santa Clara street a couple of weeks ago,
to-day pleaded guilty to a charge of bur
glary in the second degree before Judge
Lorigan. He will be sentenced to-day.
Downine served four years in the Whit
tier Reform School, irom which he es
caped about a year af o.
G'orrje K. Barron' » I*romi»»orifZflote.
SAN JOBK, Cat,., March 10.— A notice
was filed in the Superior Court to-day
showing that George E. Barron had trans
ferred half of his interest in the estate of
his lather, Edward Barron, deceased, to
secure a promissory note for $25,000. The
The fee-simile •>» s /<&/F mm^ir m ■'• "on every ■ wrapper
signature of CJut&jffeucJU&i of CASTOEIA.
note was executed yesterday and is to
run for two year.--, with interest at 9 per
c»nt, payable monthly. The mortgagee is
William Crane Spencer.
Jlel*a*n of <* Itciou* Vagabond.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— John Kel
ley, the hobo who was arrested about a
week a^o for mutilating six large plate
glass windows in Kale's store last August,
was discharged from custody to-day. At
the time the offense wa« committed he
was serving a term at San Quentin under
the name of Charles Scott for burglary
committed at Los Angeles.
Morphine Victim < hnrrrd With Burglary
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aiarch 10.— Harry
Everett, a morphine fiend, was brought to
the County Jail to-day from Gilroy to an
awer to a charge of burglary. The ac
cused broke into the barn o( J. D. Roberts
in this city and stole a tine saddle, which
he disposed of in Gilroy.
FRESNO LINEMAN'S FATE.
Killed by Contact With a Live Wire While
Working at the Top of
a Pole.
FRESNO, Cal., March 10.— Albert A.
Smitn, a lineman in the employ of the
San Joaquin Electric Company, was killed
yesterday afternoon while working on
tbe wires about three miles northeast of
this city, The wires were those which
conduct the current from the powerhouse
in the mountains to Fresno. It was sup
posed that the wires on which the line
man met his death were "dead," and they
had been so during the entire day. How
tliev became charged and death-dealing
has not yet been ascertained, but the sup
position is that some miscreant had
thrown a wire across the stringed lines,
thereby conducting the current from the
"live"to the "dead" wires.
Smith w;is working on tnree wires all
day. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon hrs
assistant, Francis, who was just starting
to ciimb another pole, saw that Smith's
clothing was on lire. His body had fallen
across another wire and was s-moking and
burning. Francis called for help, but see
ing that nothing could be done as long as
the wires were charged, he jumped into a
carriage and drove with all possible haste
j to the Barton vineyard and telephoned to
j the substation in this city to have all the
; currents turned off. This was quickly
j none, but too late to save the life of the
! unfortunate iineman.
A:ter Francis fltarted for the Barton
residence a negro and a Portuguese who
were working near by ran over to the pole
at the top of which Smith was perched.
They say that Sniitii revived and begged
iheni to help him.
"Is it possible," he pleaded, "that you
will let me burn to death and not try to
help me? '
He suggested that the negro get a lad
der, but the latter did not know where to
get one. The negro says he told Smith to
try to climb down. Smith did this and
raised himself up. Then he fell across the
wire again and was killed.
Smith was about 28 years of age. He
came from Denver, Colo., a few months
ago. The Coroner's jury returned a ver
dict that he came to his death accidentally
Irom coming into contact with a live
electric wire.
STOCKTON WOMAN'S BRAVERY.
Gives Chase 10 a Burglar and Succeeds
in Effecting His Cap
ture.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 10.— Mrs. Ar
thur Cornwall, the proprietress of a pri
vate boarding-house on Miner avenue,
•had an exciting experience with a burglar
yesterday, t-he and a young lady who
boards with her left the house shortly be
fore 3 o'clock, locking every door, even in
cluding those between the various rooms
downstairs. When they returned an hour
later her companion went upstairs to her
room and found a man standiug in front
of the bureau, the drawers of which had
been pulled out and their contents turued
topsy-turvy.
"There's a man here!" screamed the
young lady.
"I'll tell you all about how I came to be
here," said the fellow, advancing toward
her and pushing past to the stairway.
Mrs. Cornwall haa heard the' outcry
and was at ihe foot of the stairs. "You're
a thief," she exclaimed.
As the man started to push past she
seized him, calling out to her companion
to assist in searching him. He drew a le
volver, leveled it at Mrs. Cornwall and de
manded to be allowed to go. Sue threw
open the front door, at ttie same time tell
ing her companion to telephone the police
while she would follow tne man. This
she did. He broke and ran, but Mrs.
Cornwall was close after him. He was
forced to jump into a yard after a race of
a block, and this was the cause of his
capture.
Police Captain Simnson was soon in the
chase, with Chief of Police Kingsbury and
Officers Kahn and GUI. Simpson found
the man lading at the rear of a house a
block away and quickly had him by the
throat. On his persou was found a com
plete set of bureiar j' tools, as well as a lot
of valuable jewelry taken from the Corn
wall place. To the police ha gave the
name of Samuel Slmssler. Later it was
found that he arrived in Stockton yester
day morning, registering at the Sherman
Huu c, where he gave ihe name of L. Bar
rett. In his room were founa a pair of
rubber-soled shoes, a revolver and more
burglars' tools.
But for the chaso Mrs. Cornwall gave
the burglar he would probably have
eluded capture.
ANOTHER WHARF
FOR SAN PEDRO
Huntington Will Build in
the Deep -Water
Harbor.
Prospective Fight Against the
Government Wharf and
Breakwater.
Coal-Bunkers, Warehous s ani a Grid
iron of Railroads on th?
New Pier.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., March 10.—Im
mediately after San Pedro had been
selected as the site for the deep-sea har
bor the southern coast of California all
manner of speculation was indulged in as
to how Huntington would square accounts
with the people of this city for opposing
his harbor scheme at Santa Monica, where
the Southern Pacific has its long wharf.
San Diego people affected to believe that
Huntington'a plan would be to construct
an adequate wbarf in the harbor there,
build the Yuraa branch road and side
track Los Angeles.
It seems now, however, that Hunting
ton has an entirely different scheme In
view. He proposes to make a virtue of
necessity, and instead of permitting his
rivals to get the better of him through the
use of a public wharf and breakwater at
San Pedro he means to outwharf the Gov
ernment itself in the construction of a
new wharf for the business of the South
ern Pacific tnat shall be larger by far and
every way superior to the long wharf at
Santa Monica.
The new wharf will extend along the
water front for a great distance, and (ben
spread out into several piers, something
after the fashion of slips, and, with the
breakwater, will afford the finest oppor
tunity for the loading and unloading of
deep-water vessels in the world.
One of the features of the new wharf
will be a special landing for coast steam
ers, so that passengers and their effects
can be landed and placed on trains for
Los Angeles with a great saving of time
and expense, This undertaking was de
cided upon immediately after the harbor
decision, and will be the biggest thing of
its kind on the coast.
The officers of the company smile when
the matter is broached to them, and say
that the Southern Pacific is at San Pedro
to do business, and now that the harbor
is located therj they will have the most
complete and extensive facilities for
handling tnis business.
According to the plans vessels of all
draughts win be able to tie ap to this
wharf and pier and unload without the
slightest friction or damage. The wharf
and pier will be a regular gridiron of rail
roads, and there will be bunkers for coal,
warehouses for merchandise and depots
in abundance.
FOUNDER'S DAY AT PALO ALTO.
Faculty and Students Honor the Memory
of the Late Senator Stan
ford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
March 10. — Yesterday was a holiday for
the university students, and the birthday
of the late Senator Leland Stanford was
appropriately observed with exercises in
the chapel in the evening. The chapel
was well filled with students, faculty
members and visitors before the com
ment of the exercises. The pulpit from
which the speakers addressed the audience
was tastefully decorated with evergreens
and choice flowers and potted plants.
Dr. Stillman. acting president of the
university during Dr. Jordan's absence,
presided. Miss Edith V- Jaggers ren
dered "Sing^ O Heart," with great expres
sion. She was accompanied by Dully '97.
Dr. Stilltnan then traced briefly the his
tory of the university. Said he:
We observe this day in memory of the Illus
trious founder. Twelve years ago the endow
ment act was signed. This put the bequests to
the university under the protection of the
State. Palo Alto, a place now dear to us all,
was chosen as the spot for the location of
Stanford University. In 1891 the univornlty
opened with thirty instructors and the sur
pnsiug number of 400 students. Then came
days of trouble. Mrs. Stanford, with lndomi
tabie courase, met them all unflinchingly.
Great praise ia also due to Dr. Jordan. With
out the help of Dr. Jordan the faculty and the
university itself could not be held together.
Laws have been passed by the State of Cali
fornia to aid Mrs. Stanford in her work. The
lawmakers have refused, however, to relieve
the university from taxation. Mr. Timothy
Hopkins has also been of great assistance to
the university. The seaside laboratory and
the railrond library are due to his free-handed
generosity.
Rev. Mr. Briges was then introduced as
the speaker of the evening. He said, in
part:
We are not here to strew flowers on the
graves of the dead. We are here to garland
HEW TO-DAY
WEA^TWOMEN^
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Has Rescued 'Qsi&tSp*
Thousands From the Slavery -'V*? -
of Drugs. v -A^^ *
T^HE SWALLOWING OF NASTY DRUGS FORMS jf^%^£&
*• the greater part of woman's life ; days of misery from y y^^"*-^
pain and weakness ; nights spent in restless tossing from / x^^eitl
nervous disorders, are only aggravated in their cruel tor- / JT vS^tfcii/
ture by the poisonous drugs which palliate but never cure. ( *v 7 V *^vv^V
Dr. Sanden has long known that the weakness of women V^ >v»
cannot be cured by drugging — that weakness can only be s *s^^^^'^*^ Ss S
overcome by restoring the vigor. The force of all human l^*^!B^^£fW
vitality is electricity. ' '\' t^'\/' i '
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
This wonderful life-giver has a name known from coast to coast
for curing the weakness of women as well as of men. It is worn while
you sleep, giving into the body its mild, soothing and invigorating
warmth— animal magnetism— which restores the full vigor of woman-
hood.
The cost of doctoring for one month will pay for. Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt. Can you not afford to give your poor stomach a rest for that )
time and try this new remedy ? . Dr. Sanden devotes several pages of
"Three Classes of Men" to woman's weakness. It also has letters
from women cured. Send for it.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 632 Market St.. P Opposite
OMIMUDIM LLLU I ItlU \f\Jmm Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Office hours— A. M. to 8 P. M. ;.banda3r«," 10 to L Los .\n?ole*omca 201 soutn BroaJ
way; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington strut;; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street "
Kol.L.— Alnlce no mistake ia me number— 632 Market street. Make noto of it
OR, SANDEN'S ELKVTRIC TRUSi CURES RUPTURE.
one who lives and will live forever in the
hearts of men. The great and good Lelnud
Stanford still live? with us.
Lclanil Stanford w< rxed his way Irom com
parative poverty and obscurity in boyhood to
riches and renown In maniiood. Senate r Stan
ford sought to p arc the university on a strong
Christian foundation. A university is a place
where the truthful mid untruthful theories
are tested and subjected to tne most exhaust
ive scrutiny. The good Is picked out; untruths
are silted out. Leland Stanford once said it
was not theology but Christianity that we
wanted. By theology he meant, as I found
out afterward, dogmatism. Tlie Christianity
our nation needs our students need.
Miss Jnggers concluded the programme
by singing "Aye Maria." Sne responded
to an encore-.
loraetthipped bt/ n Portland tinman.
PORTLAND, Or., March 10.— Mrs.
Martha E. Galbraitlj, a comely widow of
33, last night horsewhipped Vincent
Burke, a foundryman and a fickle suitor
for her hand. Eieht months ago the two
became encaged to marry. Living* with
Mrs. Galbraith was her sister-in-law,
Susie Galbraitn, a handsome young
woman of 20. Recently Burke transferred
his attentions to Mist Susie and trouble
ensued. The result was that Mrs. Gai
braith attacked and belabored her recre
ant lover with an old-fashioned black
snake whip.
Stockton Property Attached.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 10.— Recently
the creditors of I. S. Bostwick, who had
always been rated as one of Stockton's
leading capitalists, tried to force him into
insolvency. James-Kirk of San Francisco,
an attorney representing a number of cred
itors, tiled "a petition last Satr.rdav asking
that he be declared insolvent. Immedi
ately a numberof attachments were placed
on property belonging to Bostwick, in
volving a valuation of $15,000.
TO SUPPRESS SCALPERS
Fine and Imprisonment Pro
vided as Alternative
Penalties.
Action of the License Committee.
Ottinger Says Scalpers May
Feht.
The License Committee of the Board of
Supervisors will report to the board an
ordinance to repeal the ordinance licens
ing ticket-scalpers and providing a penalty
for selling railroad or steamship tickets In
this City and County outside of a railroad
or steamship ticket office. The text of
the proposed order is as follows:
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son to sell in the City and County of Sun Fran
cisco any railroad ticket at any place other
than at the office of a railroad company, or to
sell any steamship ticket at any place except
in the office of a steamship company.
Sec. 2. Any person violating any of tho pro
visions of this order shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof,
be punished by a fine of not more than $100,
or by imprisonment not more than 103 days,
or by both such nne and imprisonment.
Sec. 3. This order shall not be construed to
apply to the tickets of street railroads operated
in this City and County.
Sec. 4. Order 1904 and hII orders or parts of
orders conflicting with the provisions of this
order are hereby repealed.
Sec. 5. This order shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage.
In addition to the proposed order tne
committee will submit a report setting
forth, as the reasons for such action, sub
stantially the following:
The committee of the Carnival of the Golden
Gate, in consideration of the railroad, steam
ship and other transportation companies hav
ing agreed to materially reduce fares to and
from this City and County, and to carry
and transport exhibits free of cost or
charße, desires to be protected from ticket
peddlers, who will and can take advantage of
such coupons by purchasing tickets so sold at
reduced rates, with siop-over privileges, for
persons who under lalse pretenses obtain sucli
tickets at reduced rates. As represented, the
companies agree to subscribe liberally to the
fund as well as to make sucti reductions nnd
ex. end nil privileges desired if this board will
prohibit the sale of railroad or steamship
tickets at any place except the regular oftleea
of the railroad or steamship companies.
As it is important that every aid should be
extended to foster anl encourage the efforts
ot tho general committee la inducing a large
influx <ji visitors to this City and County and
the State it can only be done by lessening the
expenses of transportation to and from the
City and County, atid if that is done it is ex
pected by the general committee that about
50,000 strangers will visit this City. Tour
committee therefore reports in favor of repeal
ing order 1904 and of requiring all railroad or
steamship tickets to be sold at the respective
offices of the railroad and steamship com
panies.
General Warfield, 8. M. Backus, Henry
Martin and S. H. Friedlander of the car
nival committee appeared before the
License Committee yesterday morning
and urged the adoption of an order.
The License Committee denied the ceti
tion of the Madrid Mutual Benevolent
Society to change the date for holding its
masquerade ball from April 24 to May 1.
The carnival committee objected to the
change of date because that would bring
the Madrid Society into competition with
the carnival.
Adolph Ottinger, the ticket-broker, of
618 Market street, when asked whether
the local scalpers proposed to take any
definite action in opposition to the pro
posed order of the Supervisors, said that
they would undoubtedly raise. a protest.
"General Warfield's argument," continued
he, "to the effect that we are likely to do
a thriving business during the carnival
at the expense of the transportation com
panies, hasn't great weight in this case,
because most of the tickets we sell are
transcontinental. The railway companies
are taking advantage of the carnival pre
text to create a monopoly and enable them
to charge high ratei. If the ordinance
passes the public will never obtain any
reduction."MAY HIT
WHILE IN
CLINCHES
Referee Siler Announces
the Rules to Govern
the Fight.
IDLE RUMORS HASTEN
HIS ACTION.
Reports That He Would Favor
Fitzsimmons Had Been
Circulated.
THE AUBURN'HAIRED FIGHTER
NOT PLEASED.
Wanted the Announcement Delayed
Until the Men Entered the
Ring.
CARSON, Nev., March 10.— The most
delicate subject in connection with the big
light was broached to-day, when Referee
George Siler submitted to Corbett and
Fitziimmons his interpretation of the
Queensberry rules. Siler's communica
tion, which Is in the nature of a formal
letter, was not received with manifesta
tions of joy at either camp. The big fel
lows read their letters thoughtfully, and
reserved judgment. If Biler had any
doubts as to the propriety of his action in
outlining his views at this time, they
must be dissipated now. The fighters
could never have agreed upon the rules
after entering the rinc. Each man ap
pears to be playing possum and waiting
for the other to commit himself. It is not
unwise, however, to predict that a con
ference between Slier, Stuart and the
representatives of the principals will be
necessary before the matter of rules is
finally settled.
Mr. Siler's letter, which was handed to
the public shortly after noon, was as fol
lows:
Caksox, Xev., March 10, 1897.
To James J. Cotbett Esq. and Jiobert Fitzsim
• . - Esq., Carson City— uenti.emk.v: Herewith
I hand you each ihe rules of the Marquis of
Qneensberry, under the provisions of whish
you are to contest for the heavy-weight cham
pionship of the world in this city on March
17, 1897. Accompanying the rules 1 hand
you some suggestions and instructions. These
are based upon careful study, research, equiiy
ana fairness. You are principals to what will
be the greatest contest of modern times. You
have both trained carelully and assiduously.
The principals and public are alike engrossed
iO an extent never belore made manifest In a
]!ke encounter.. While it Is a departure to
jTi.-Kruet.ons to the combatants in a
batiie like this a week in advance of the
meeting, I think that the importance o£ the
affair fully warrants this move. lam conn
dent that yon both -want to win solely and
wholly on your meritß. Neither of you can
nfford to have the slightest suspicion of doubt
cloud the title which will belong to the victor.
To that end I herewith hand you the rules
anil certain interpretations under which you
are to battle:
Rule I— To be a fair, stand-up boxing match
in a twenty-iour-foot ring, or as near that size
as practicable.
Rule 2 — No wrestling or hugging allowed.
Rule 3— The rounds to be of three minutes'
duration and one minute time between
rounds.
Eule 4— lf either man fall, through weakness
or otherwise,- he must get up unassisted, ten
seconds to be allowed him to do so, the other
man meanwhile to return to his corner, and
when the fallen man is on his leps the round
is to be resumed and continued until the three
minutes have expired. If one man fails to
come to the scratcn in the ten seoonds allowed
it shall be in the power of the referee to give
h!s award in favor of the other man.
Rule 5— A man hanging on the ropes in a
helpless state with his toes oft the ground
Bhall be oonsidered down.
Rule 6— No seconds or my other person to
be allowed in the ring during the rouuds.
Rule 7— Should tne contest be stopped by
any unavoidable interference the referee to
name time and place as soon as possible for
fiaiihing the contest, so that the match must
be won and lost, unless me backers of both
men agree to draw the stakes.
Rule B— The gloves to be fair-sized boxing
gloves of tne best quality.
Rule 9— Should a glove burst or come off it
must be leplaced to the referee's satisfaction.
Rule 10— A "man on one Knee is considered
down, and if struck is entitled to the slakes.
Rule 11— No shoes or boots with springs al
low cd.
Rule 12— The contest in all other respects to
be governed by tha revised rules of tne Lon
don prize ring.
The first Uiree rules need no comment, as
they are plain, simple and understood by al
liaost everybody. Rule four, however, re-
Vulres some analysis, as some of the points are
■ :ten misconstrued. The rule says: "Ifeiiher
fall through weakness or otherwise, he
must get ud unassisted, ten seconds to bo al
lowed him to do so, the otherman, meanwhile,
to rettirn to hig corner."
This, of course, was Intended to prevent a
man from standing over his fallen opponent.
It probably never appeared to the framer of
the rules that at times a man neither falls or
Is knocked down in his opponent's corner. If,
then, the man on his feet retires to his corner,
as the rules direct, he will be standing over
his fallen opponent, and doing just what the
rules mean he shall not do.
To avoid- all disputes on this score I will
simply instruci you in ca<e of a knockdown to
retire at least ten feet from your fallen oppo
nent, lo give him an opportunity to rise.
Rule 12. which says "The contest in all
other respects to tie governed by the revised
rules of the London prize ring," is, I consider,
one of the most important of the twelve rules,
and appears to be the bone of contention in
almost ever/ contest. It has been the custom
of re :erees, myself among them, to inquire of
the principals whether they chose to hit in
clinches with one arm free, and also in break
aways. Invariably the principals agree not
to hit in clinches or in breakaways, but they
generally forget all about thuir agreement
and frequently violate it. This causes not
only the seconds but the spectators to cry
••foul!" every time a blow is delivered in a
clinch or on a breakaway, and causes much
trouble and argument. It also makes the du
ties of a referee arduous and disagreeable and
keeps him continually in hot water. Further
j more it gives the referee an opportunity to de
•■(ide a contest on a technical foul, which is
generally unsatisfactory to everybody con
cerned.
Neither of you, I am sure, desires to win the
coming contest on a technical foul, and to
Bvoid any such contingency tiirough hitting
in clinches with a lree arm and in breakaways
1 will rule:
That you be' permitted to nil in clinches
with one arm free, and also on breakaways.
With this interpretation of this rule an
nounced a week before the contest, you will
both have Hmple time to practice these im
portant points, and will have no cause for
complaint shouid either of you be caught off
his guard.
Pivot blows, missing with cither hand and
whipping back with the elbow, mretine an
opponent with or deliberately striking him
with the elbow or knees are barred and will be
considered foul. Should any of the above
blows have any material effect ou the result of
the contest I shall use my judgment accord
ingly. Should any ot the- seconds of either
principal enter the ring during a round to ren
der any assistance to the fighters or prevent
them from committing n frul or to throw
water on them it shall be deemed a foul.
Coaching by seconds during the rounds is
objectionable to everybody, and is apt to cre
ate ditcord and argument- Both oi you have
undoubtedly mapped out youi plans of attack
and defense and need no advice from your re
spective seconds. The latter will, therefore,
refrain from making any comment dur.ng the
contest.
Trivial fouls may be unintentionally com
mitted by either of you, which, unless they
have a direct bearing on the result, will be
overlooked by me at my discretion.
This, I believe, covers all the Important
points. Both of you are thoroughly ac
quainted with the Marquis of Queensberry
rules not touched upon by me, and I hope to
see you both live strictly up to them.
With a fair field, no favor, no prejudices, I
remain very truly yours,
George Siler, Referee.
At the suggestion of George Siler, Dan
Stuart to-day f elected Alalachy Hogan of
Chicago to referee the Smith-Green and
Hawkins-Flaherty contests on March 16;
Corbett's father will come up from San
Francisco to-morrow in company with Al
Smith of New York.
WILL NOT COMPLAIN.
Corbett and Fi.zslmmons Likely to
Accept Referee Siler's
Rules.
CARSON, Nkv., March 10.— Bob Fitz
simmons came into town to-day madder
than the proverbial wet lien. He had
heard of Referee George Siler a announce
ment, as appeared in Tht Call pesterday,
to the effect that the famous Chicagoau
who >s to decide the creat contest would
to-day formulate and give the rules which
are to govern the battle, and he claimed
that if Siler did this it would be treaiins:
him unfairly. Fitzsiromons has declared
all along that the referee had no right to
say what special rules should govern the
contest until the very day of the battle
itself. The particular clause which per
mits hitting in the clinches and break
aways is what has bothered the Cornish
man. While he could never be made to
admit that he had any fear of meeting
Corbett at this> game, still he advanced
the argument that it was unfair to have
the rules known in advance so that Cor
bett could perfect himself in the particu
lar style of fighting laid down by those
rules. At one time he declared he would
not right if Siler made his announcement
in advance.
Corbett, however, has said all along that
he did not care what rules were to govern
the contest, but he preferred that they be
known early, so thai the public as well
as the fighters would have a chancs to get
familiar with the rules. Jim argued that
when the spectators were ignorant of the
regulations governing a contest they were
apt to hiss and cry "foul," when in re
ality no violation had been committed,
and consequently the referee and the
boxers were made to feel uncomfortable.
With Fitzsimmons clamoring for one
thing and Corbett's n.ind set on another
it would naturally be supposed that all
Referee Siler's troubles were not to be con
fined to the ring proper. This might be
true enough in a measure, but not to the
extent of adding any gray hairs to the
head of this greatest of all ring judges.
Siler is too old a bird to be rattled by dis
putes of this sort — he has been too long a
wise sportsman. As soon as it became
manifest that a wrangle over the rules was
In sight — and it was nearly two weeks
ago — Siler decided to turn a deaf ear to
both pugilists and pursue the even tenor
of his way.
"If Coroett and Fitzsimmons can agree
between them upon any particular set of
rules, why, I am ready and willing to
abide by them and see that the terms of
the agreement are carried out," said Siler
at the time, "but if they don't agree
within a reasonable time I will announce
the rules myself, and announce them
when I get ready."
Argument on this tioint was dropped
after this, and for a fortnight nothing
more about rules was heard. Siler evi
dently came to the conclusion that the
reasonable time he had allowed to the big
fellows to reach an agreement had about
expired yesterday, and that is why he
announced that be was about to make
public the rules that would govern the
mill.
Fitzsimmons' contract to be exclusive
did not prevent him from declaring on
the street this morning that he believed
Siler was giving him the worst end of the
deal.
"All I have asked for in this case was
justice," he otclared to a number of
acquaintances. "I told Siler and every
body else who spoke to me in reference to
the matter that the easiest way to be fair
to both Corbett and myself would be to
announce the rules at tne ringside. That
would compel both of us to practice all
styles — hitting in clinches and square
breakaways— and would be as fair to one
as to the other. lam asking for no ad
vantage; I want none. When Siler held
off I was led to believe that lie va* going
to follow up my suggestion, but I see now
that hd is not. But, then, 1 don't sup
pose there is much use of kicking about it
now. I will take matters as they come,
and will lick that fellow just the same."
The fight is just a week off yet, and it
may have been Siler's intention not to an
nounce the rules until Saturday or Sun
day. In fact I have reason to believe that
such was really his programme. But I
also have authority for saying that George
had particular reasons — the result of quite
recent occurrences— that actuated him in
making his announcement earlier than
he had intended. A day or two ago word
reached Carson to the effect that a tele
gram was sent to Chicago from here by a
close friend of Siler, advising speculation
on Fitzsimmons 1 chance*. The recipients
of the telegram must have reached the
immediate conclusion that Siler was go
ing to formulate rules that would suit tne
Cornishman and put Corbett at sea, for
they began to bet on Bob and to distribute
their information amone their friends.
This news reached both Siler and Cor
bett. The latter said he thought he was
entitled to some sort of an explanation,
and he received it promptly from the ref
eree in the shape of a declaration that be
was in no way responsible for the news
conveyed in that telegram. It was then
that Corbelt suggested that the best way
to prevent any surprises at the ringside
was to announce cbe rules as soon as pos
sible. Siler, after a moment's reflection,
agreed tbat the Californian was right.
Siler's honesty baa never been ques
tioned throughout his career in the sport
ing v.orld, and this was not the time, he
concluded, to permit of even the slightest
shadow to bi cast in h:s direction. This
is really what hurried him into declaring
last night tbat he would give the rules to
the world to-day. He sat up all night in
order to Keep his word. In reality only
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
two of the clauses in the rules bothered
him. The fir-t of these was the one
which treated of tbe mooted privilege of
hitting with a free arm in the clinches,
and hitting In the breakaways. Custom
has practically made it a rule in modern
glove contests for the referee to separate
the comb itants the moment they clincn,
and permit no hitting until they are well
apart. But this is in reality a violation of
the Marquis of Queensberry rules. Eiler,
after several hours' cud cling of his brain,
decided to adhere to the original rules.
The otbar provision that bothered him
was the one which decrees that when one
contestant knock? the other down he must
immediately retire to his corner and wait
uniil his foe has arisen before resuming
the attack. Now Siler, during his expe
rience as a referee, has often had occasion
to note the impracticability of this rule
under certain conditions. Suppose, for
instance, Fitzsimmons would be knocked
down in Corbett's corner. The Califor
ni:iii, under the rules, would have the
right to deliberately stand over him and
strike tLie moment he reached his feet,
which, of course, is something that never
occurred to the originators of the Marquis
of Queensberry regulations. In this parti
cular case Siler decided to depart from the
original rules and enact in its stead some
thing smacking of justice. He will re
quire that when one man is down the
other must step uway at least ten feet,
there to remain until the fallen one has
regained his feet.
Corbett said, after glancing over the
rules, that they suited him in every par
ticular, lie said be never had entertained
any doubt as to Siler's fairness, and the
rules as interpreted by that gentleman
proved conclusively that he deserved his
good name.
Fitzsitnmons, whi'e still a little huffy
over what lie considered the premature
issuance of the rules, declared that there
was nothing in them that he could object
to, and he guessed they would prove to be
&s fair to one as to the other. Now that
ihey were out he had no further com
plaints to make.
Everybody has been enjoying a laugh
tv-day at the expense of the prophet of
tbe locul weather bureau. This seer
gravely announced yesterday that to-day
would bring forth another snowstorm,
and the light promoters and their well
wishers were in consequence much de
pressed. What added strength to the
weather clerk's prophecy was the fact
that a violent wind blew up last nigut and
howled and moaned until the cocks boy an
to crow. Everybody expected to woke up
and find Carson once more attired in h
garb of white, but it was an agreeable sur
prise to note that not a fluke had fallen
and in place ol the storm the sun shone
its brightest. And in defiance of the
Signal Service a veritable summer's day
followed and everybody went out for a
sunning.
In consequence of this propitious
weather unusually large crowds journeyed
out to the training quarters <;f both of the
heavy-weiehts. True, there was not a great
deal to see, in view ol the fact that both
Corbett and Fitzsimmons are not doing
the hard work thut characterized their
training during the past three weeks, but
a glimpse at the big fellows themselves
auits tbe average visitor, so there was no
grumbling.
The greater part of Fitzsimmons' work
consisted of walking and running on the
roads surrounding Cook's Ranch, and in
cluding his usual trip to tbe penitentiary
for a bmh and a run into town. By coinci
dent Corbett, who was out for a tramp
during the forenoon, also v.'sited the prison.
Had he arrived there live minutes sooner
he would have met the man he is to face
in the ring next Wednesday. Coibett hates
the Cornishman and the latter despises the
Californian. While no one supposes that
the big fellows would have b±en silly
enough to clinch the moment tbey espied
each other, still it is conceded on all sides
that it was better that they missed meet
ing, for there would have at least been an
exchange of compliments that would only
have tended to embitter them the more
toward each other.
The afternoon work of the eladiators
consisted of the i^sual routine of bag
punching, handball - playing and light
boxing.
The Central Pacific Railroad Company
sent one of its heaviest locomotives from
Reno to Carson thia morning lor the pur
pose ot testing the strength of the Virginia
und Truckee Company's roadbed. There
has been some doubt regarding the letter's
ability to hold the mammoth Pullmans
and engines that it is desired to send to
Carson during the two days preceding the
fight and after it, but to-day's test dis
pelled all such fears. The only difficulty
encountered was at the tunnel near Lake
view. Th's was found a trifle low, but a
force of workmen is now lowering the
track so as to obviate this little fault.
Nearly everybody in Carson is rejoicing
over the happy adjustment of the diffi
culty between the fi.-.ht management and
United Siates Attorney Charley Jones,
which for a fewj hours seriously threat
ened Dan Stuart's big project. It is ad
mitted that Jones was correct in demand
ing his lights, and the generosity of the
promoters also comes in for much com
mentation.
T. R. Hofer, a prominent man of Car
son, to-day received deeds for land and
securities, valued in all at $8000, from a
friend in Arizona, to be wagered on the
big contest. The Arizona man leaves the
little matter of picking the winner to Mr.
Hofer, and the latter gentleman promptly
announces that the securities would be
placed on Corbet t. J. G. MANSFiKr.D.
CORBETT'S FIRST FIGHT.
Battled With Choynski In a Barn
Until Mann's Sheriff In
terfered,
Jim Corbett's first professional fight of
note was in May, 1889, against Joe
Choynski. The men were mntcned to do
battle to a finish, »nd the site was a de
serted milk ranch three milea back in the
hills from San Anselmo, Marin County.
Sheriff Healey of Marin County vras on
the lookout for fistic disturbances, but
through some mistake he pot on the
wroni; track and did not arrive at the bat
tle-ground until the principals had
warmed up to their work. In fact the con
test could have been decided long before
the Sheriff arrived if the principals had
I not delayed so long in getting ready for
business.
A tins was pitchra in the barn and tne
"invited guests" who had cards of admis
sion to the old loft gathered around the
ropeu, but not before they were searched
I and all weapons taken from them. Some
! cad razors, some pistols and others bowie
knives. A few pairs of scissors were
; lounti among the tailors of sporting pro
clivities. Such a collection of frontier
i armaments cutild not have been found
•anywhere at the time outside of Buffalo
i Bill's Wild West show.
Two lookouts were posted at the win
| dow*, with instructions to keep an eye
open for the Sheriff's posses, and the mas
ter of ceremonies instructed the gang not
to scatter it the officers appeared. A pair
: of iiillows was provided to take the place
! of the small gloves mentioned in the arti
cles of agreement if the Sheriff inter
fered.
At 10:27 on the mornine of May 30 Jim
Corbelt dung his bit; overcoat lo one eide,
when the query, "Are you leady, Doys? 1 '
was given, and he stepped lightly between
me ropes into the ring. His opponent,
Choynski, did not keep Corbett lone in
suspense, for he, too, stepped quickly be
tween the ropes=, and the fighters "sizsd
each other up" as they stood in their re
spective corners ready for action.
Instead of the regulation wooden buckets
the seconds of the men carried old oil
cans filled with water, and their bottles
were those which had been emptied of
liquor on the road from Sausalito to the
battle-ground. Corbett was attired in
pink-colored knee-tishts and low gym
nasium-shoe?, while Clioynski wore black
knee-tights, stockings of the same color
and high laced fighting-shoes. The gloves
were of the finest kid and weighed two
ounces. Corbett's weight is said to have
bpen 182 pounds and Choynski was credited
with Iti3 pounds. Corbett as usual ap
peared pale and excited and looked any
thing biit a man tit to enter into a fistic
engagement. Choynski bore a confident
louk and his condition was admired by all.
While shaking hands Corbeit offered to
wager Choynski that be would win, but
the offer was made in such an unassum
ing and good-natured way that the crowd
applauded it heartily. Choynski an
swered that he had no money to bet, and
Corbett did not press him.
Upon the call of time the men toed the
scratch and sparred cautiously, but Cor
bett soon took the defens.ve and Choyn
ski backed into a corner. Joe led for Jim's
stomach and then fell short, then he
swung his right for Jim's head and
mised. Corbett fiddled conn lerably, as
if to draw his opponent along, anci finally
seeing an opening he sent out his left
straight from the shoulder and the blow
landed lightly on Joe's jaw as time was
called.
In the second round Corbett went at
Choynski sharply and sent in lefts and
rights, some of which were neatly stoppad.
Choyiuki got in a hard glancing shot on
Corbett's nose, which peeled some of
the bark from that orean; then there
was a mix-up, both men landing on body
and face. As Choynski ducked lroin a
right hook he was cau^hi with a left
uppercut which staegered him lor an in
stant. . Corbett rushed his game, but
Choynski by clinching and hugging
avoided further punishment. Corbett was
now full of light, and in trying to release
himself from a clinch he flung Choynski
on the floor, Joe landing on his back.
When Choynski regained his feet he
dashed at Corbett and some hot fighting
resulted. Aaain the men clinched, aim
while they wer- locked Corbett was indus
triously stnashine Joe with his right fist
in the kidneys. A loud cry of "Foul" was
raised, and as the fignters finally broke
away Corbett landed heavily on Joe's face
and one of his backers cried, "Bo careful,
Jim!" A short rally ended the round,
after both men had exchanged lefts on
facf and body.
When the next round was called both
men were puffing, and whatever blows
were delivered were of the long-range
order. Corbeit certainly had the best of
the mill up to this point, and he was cut
ting out a pretty fast dash near the finish
of the round, when one of the watchmen
shouted:
"Boys, let go I Sheriff Healey is coming
on horseback!"
The fighters walked to their corners,
the small gloves were quickly removed
and the pillows substituted.
Th« Sheriff dismounted and was soon
standing at the ringside. Some one intro
dnred him to Corbeit, who said:
"I'm glad to meet you, Sheriff, but I
would have been a heap gladder if you
had landed here about ten minutes later."
The Sheriff smiled and said that time
was up for the breakaway. The hint was
taken, and after the ring-stakes were
pulled up the crowd dispersed in the same
manner as it h«d ccnr\
Sinldtin Heath at Modesto.
MODESTO. Cal., March 10. — Peter
Lesber, a pioneer and one of the best
known business men in this valley, died
suddenly of heart disease this morning.
Commodore Lesher came to Modesto in
1883, and has been in the liquor business
| here ever since He was a member of the
j linn of Lestier <fc Vogelman, which form-
I erly conducted the Paradise Gardens, the
; largest paidens IB this part of the San
j Joaquin Valley.
SUICIDE OR MURDER
William Hennessy Daad and
Several Suspects Ar
resied
It Was at First Thought He Killed
Himself, but Another Theory
Is Grcwio*.
William Hennessy, abont 30 year 9of
age, was thought to have committed
suicide by shooting himself through the
head in a small room in the St. David
House, 715 Howard street, at an early
hour yesterday morning.
Hennessy, accompanied by George
Riley, Thomas Shannon, Mary McCann
and Kate Frank, entered the St. David
House about 2 o'clock in the morning.
Several drinks were purchased by Shan
non and Rellly and Hennessy finally
ordered refreshments, lieiore they wero
served, however, he left the party and
went into a rear room.
A few moments later a shot was heard,
and on investigation Hennessy was found
lying in a pool of blood, dead.
Tup body was removed to the Morgue,
and when searched it was found that tho
deceased was penniless.
This fnct Jed the Coroner's deputies to
believe that after having ordered the
drink?, t lie suicide was ashamed to let his
friends know that he was without money,
and killed himself.
Sergeant Donovan of the Southern sta
tion was instructed to investigate the
case.
He did so and last evening, concluding
that the case was worthy of further inves
tigation, arrested those who were with
Hennessy at the time of his death.
They were George Riley. Thomas Shan
non, Mary McCann and Kate Fiank.
Riley says that the two women, Shan
non himself ami Hennessy were all drink
ing i:i the St. D iviii House.
Hennessy wanted one of the women to
go with him; she refused, and then he
got up and wont into another room nnd
they heard a shot. That was all.
KEW TO-DAY.
vMmui.AMwm — «^— ■— — —
SPRING
TIME
STYLES!
This week we open up our new
Spring floods. You want them.
Child's Fine Cloth Top, Dark Rim» , kid
Foxed, laced, Now style Coin 'toe
and Tip, ; Spring Heel sizes sto 7 V 2 . .$ l 00
dizeaB to 10%. .....$ 1 23
Kast's
738-740 Market -St.
Carry 'a ' Full ' line of Buckingham
& Hecht's Fine Shoes.
SEND « FOR CATALOGUE.
FELL OVER A
DOG AND LOST
Many a Sensation at the
San Jose Bicycle
Meet.
McFarland Thrown, Ziegler Woo,
but Refused to Take the
Money.
The Amateur One-Tbird Mile Fina'
One of the Closest Races
en the Track.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— The meet
given here to-day under the auspices of
the Garden City Cyciers was largely
attended and productive of many a sensa
tion.
Th" Ziegler-McFarland match was the
great event, but after each had won a
heat and two-thirds of the final had been
ridden, a dog interfered, with the result
that McFarland and the pacemakers,
Terriil and Davis, were thrown, while
Zi-gler strung to the outside and passed
by iv safety. Ziegler won the first heat In
2:01 and McFarland the second in 2:00 2-5.
Kefeiee Col awarded the race to Ziegler,
who finished the third heat in 2:08. The
little fellow refused to take the money,
and desired to race the final over at
some future date. It was decided to
bring it off at the indoor tournament to
be held in San Francisco commencing
March 20.
The mil*) open professional was won by
C. S. Wells in a surprising manner, with
Jones a ciosa second. The favorite,
Loughead, failed to qualify, much to the
disappointment of many a fair one in the
big crowd. Wing won the third of a mile
scratch amateur from Percy Mott, while
the latter got even by defeating him in
the two-thirds of a mile handicap.
The Ziegler-McFarland race was divided
into three heats, Ziegler securing the pole
in the first. The start was a rolling one,
the men being scarcely in motion as they
crossed the tape. Clarence Davis and Bob
Terrill did the pacing on a tandem, and
right well did they perform their work.
Ziegler was forced from his position be
hind the pacemakers on the backstretch,
Mcl-'arinii'i winning the first blood amid
great enthusiasm. On the last Jap the
tandem dropped out and McFarland led off
in ihe sprint. Zegler passed him in the
homestretch and, won out by a length.
In the second heat McFarland again got
the tandem and held the lead this time
clear to the tape, Ziegler having his sprint
taken out of him by the furious clip at
which the mile had been ridden. As al
rendy told, the third heat was spoiled by
McFarland fulling. Tne pace up to the
time of the fail had been faster than in the
ottier, and McFarland looked every inch a
winner.
Tne mile open professional was divided
into three preliminary heata and a final.
Those qualifying for Hie latter were
Becker, Wellj, Jones, Ha ry Terrill, Stev
ens, Bovee ana Downing. Longhead did
the pacing, Downing getting the position
after a struggle of nearly a Jap. Oil the
last lap Wells went up from rear position
and won out in a driving tini.-h with
Jones. Becker was a dose third and Ter
rill fourtu. Stevens was fifth, Bovee sixth
and Downing last. Time, 2:14 2-5.
The amateur races were somewhat
dimmed by the brilliancy of the profes
sional event, but in their own way pro
vided excellent sport. In the first heat
of the one-third mile race Mott and Wing
came together, Mott winning in rather
ordinary time. The second heat went to
(Jooch after a hard tigiit with Bacon of the
Olympic Cyclers who rode in excellent
form. The time, 45 seconds, was excel
lent.
The final was one of the closest races
ever seen on the San Jose track, six men
finishing with wheels overlapping. At
the start Bacon led off, with Mott in close
attendance. At half the distance Gooch
assumed the lead and started the slash for
the tape. Moti went out on the last Dank
and looked all over a winner, but as the
field straightened out for home he went
back to his men, and as they neared the
tape all came up together with a rush.
The placing of the men was a difficult
task, the judges finally deciding the order
of the lirst three to b« Wing, Mott and
Bacon.
In the two-thirds of a mile handicap,
amateur, tho men on the limit mark did
not try to get away, the consequence be
ing t at the lifid bunched at once and
made it a scratch race. Hardenbrook
sliowed lirst in the sprint, followed by
Mott. In the last hundred yards Goocii
made a determined effort and secured the
lead from Mott, who seemel to let up in
his exertion*. Gooch won, with Mott
second end Wing third.
Onethinl of a mile, scratch : First heat —
Percy Mott (R. A. C.) first. J. E. Wing (O. C. \V.)
second, Kal-.b Hammond (O. C. \V.) third.
Time, :52 3-5. Second heat— C. D. Gooch (R.
A. C ) lirst, \V. 8. Bacilli (O. C. W.) second, Qail
Uardenbrook (<;. C. C.) third. Time, :45.
Final— Wing won, Mou second, Hammond
third. Time, 4(> 2-5.
One mile, match race— Otto Ziegler Jr. of San
Jose vs. Fioyd McFArlund ot Sun Jose, won by
Ziegler. Timt\ 2:01. hed>nd heat— McFnr-
Knd won Time, U:0O2-5. Third heat—
Ziegler won on referee's decision; McFarland
fell. Time, 2:08.
One mile, professional: First heat— C. P.
Weils. Sim Francisco, first: Allan Jones, San
Francisco, second ; Hardy Downing, San Jose,
third. Time, '2:37. Second heat— ll. Terrill,
San Fraoeitco, tiist; Orlando Stevens, iowa,
>econd; Fred L"u^ht-ad. Canada, third. Time,
2:403-5. Jturd rieai— W. E. Becker, Minne
apolis, first; (ieu:ge Bovee, El Paso, second.
Time, 2:35. Final— Wells won, Jones first,
Becker second. Time, 2:14 2-5.
Two-thirds of a mile handicap, amateur — C.
D. (iooch (R. A. C.), twenty-live yards, won;
P. R. Moti (R. A. C ), scratch, second; J. E.
Wing, Olympic, scrauh, tliird. Time, 1:48 2-5.
KEW TO-DAT. j 1
We have the latest importations
The newest shapes and shades.
! Ladle »' C loth Top, Dark Russet ' Kid.
Coin Toe and Medium High Leather - -
Heel, Southern Tie 5 ........ .......'.. #1 50 :
Infants' Tan or Wine Colored Mocca- . v
5in5............................:. 2'Jc
—^ ■■
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Fall Line of Buckingham A
Hecht's Fine Shoes.
, MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOOD'S.
EXTRAORDINARYQPPORTUNITY
LADIES'
SILK i LISLE UNDERWEAR
: — _3__XT__>
LADIES' SILK,
LISLE AND ALL-WOOL HOSIERY
AT
LESS THAN 1 COST OF IMPORTATION
TO MAKE ROOM FOR OUR MAMMOTH
NEW IMPORTATIONS NOW ARRIVING,
we will hold a Grand Closing=Out Sale of the
following choice lines of LADIES' SILK and
LISLE UNDERWEAR and LADIES' SILK,
LISLE AND ALL-WOOL HOSIERY, which
we have marked down REGARDLESS OF
SACRIFICE
TO FORCE THEM OUT IMMEDIATELY
LADIES' SILK AND LISLE UNDERWEAR
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, low neck and sleeveless, assorted A,
colors, former price $1 50, will be offered at tlvG
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, high neck and short sleeves, as- nr.
sorted colors, former price 2, will be offered at •0 v
LADIES' BWISB RIBBED SILK VESTS, high neck and long sleeves, size 4, 41 AA
in black only, lormer price $2 50 and $2 75, will be offered at •""
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, size 4, in cream only, former price U-.) A A
$3, will be offered at.. $-.VV
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, size 5, in pink and cream, former J<o C A
price $3 50, will be offered at....... $ii,d\J
LADIES' SPUN SILK VESTS, high neck and long sleeves, size 6, in pink *£) f: A
and cream, former price $4,. will be offered at «$-••-'"
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, size 3, in cream, pink and black, $1 AA
former price $2, will be offered at $ItVV
LADIES' VESTS, sizes 3 and 4, extra fine silk, former price $2 50, shades CA
salmon, cream and pink, will be offered at... $l»«lv
LADIES' PLAITED SILK VESTS, sizes 4 and 5, regular price $1 50, will be *1 A A
offered at $'• "V
LADIES' BLACK SWISS RIBBED VESTS, warranted pure silk, former Aj aa
price $2 50, will be offered at $» • ""
LADIES' 6 AND 9 THREAD PURE SILK VESTS, size 32 and 34, regular *- A A
price $8 and $9, will be closed out at $'J • V V
LADIES' SPUN SILK VESTS, high neck and short sleeves, size 30, former J- 1 A A
price $3, will be offered at $ 1 1 V V
' ■ ____. ■ '
LADIES' PURE SILK VESTS AND DRAWERS, sizes 28 and 30, former <{•<) A
price $6 50, will De closed out at $- »'J V
LADIES' WHITE CASHMERE VESTS AND DRAWERS, regular price $| CA
*2 50, will be offered at $1 V
"'
LADIES' HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
150 pairs LADIES' PURE SILK HOSE, former price $4, marked <t*O AA P..J-
down to tfi.vV Idir
185 pairs LADIES' RIBBED SILK HOSE, former price $2, marked £f AA D o •_
down to $I.VV Irtir
190 pairs LADIES' SPUN SILK HOSE, former price $2 50, marked *|'aA D •
dowu 10 : $I.VV I dll
80 pairs LADIES' PURE SILK HOSE, shade eminence only, former *!•) AA PqJp
price $3 50, marked down t0..... «Pj.VV 1 all
60 pairs LADIES' EMBROIDERED SILK HOSE, former price $9, *Q -A p •
marked down to fO.'JV 1 dll
95 pairs LADIES' WHITE CASHMERE HOSE, former price $1, CA^ p *
will be offered at ..: ...................: VI I dll
110 pairs LADIES' ALL-WOOL CASHMERE HOSE, In brown, navy ETA. p •_
and cardinal, former price $1, marked down t0..... ................ wilt I all -
60 pairs LADIES' LISLE THREAD HOSE, in opera shades, former cA. p Q j_
price $1, marked down to vVO Idll
HO pairs LADIES' LISLE THREAD HOSE, in gray only, former a- f Poip
price 75c, marked down to 00 v I dll
70 pairs LADIES' BLACK OPERA HOSE, former price $125, rj). Pair
marked down to wvC I dll
TWO EXTRA SPECIALS IN RIBBONS.
No. 3^-INCH ALL-SILK BLACK AND COLORED SATIN AND GROS ft-
GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors, value 25c, will be placed on sale at IwC
No. 4-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED AND BLACK SATIN AND GROS I C-
GRAIN RIBBONS, assorted colors, value 35c, will be placed on sale at..... l«0
I mf M~ MURPHY BUILDING, /
l/ls uidl ill ulluul, tUlilul ul uUllu% ,/ • \
. . San Frp>noi€oo. ' j
910
THEIR SHOW WAS
QUITE A SUCCESS
The Unemployed Cleared
Nearly Two Hundred
Dollars.
Old Clothing and Old Shoes
Badly Needed at Head
quarters.
Railroad to Be Asked for Low Rates
for Unemployed Leaving for
Country Jobs
The unemployed were busy yesterday
to the extent of gathering in unsold tick
ets and determining just how much they
made from the show in the Auditorium
on the night before. At latest accounts
they had cleared about $190, or over $40
in excess of the original estimate.
This cash is sadly needed at the head
quarters, where applications for relief
come in daily from women and little
children in dre distress and threatened
with ejectment from their miserable liv
ing places. What is most needed, and
what should be more easy to obtain, is old
clothes for the destitute and needy among
the unemployed aud those depending
upon them.
The relief committee wishes to make a
special request to benevolently inclined
individuals ior old clothing of any kind,
and especially for shoes, for men, women
and children. If the address be sent to
the relief committee at the headquarters
for the unemployed at t>l4 Howard street
some one will'be detailed and properly au
thorized to collect the contribution at the
home of the donor.
Yesterday a bundle of old clothes was
Fentin by "Miss Fanny Muraskey ot 1014
Harrison street. L. A." Bryan of 300 Mar
ket street gave eight pairs of new shoes,
and other kindly disposed persons sent
old clothes and some nity loaves of bread.
The relief committee assisted eleven
familes yesterday and relieved forty-four
of the unemployed with allotments of old
clothes from the small supply on hand.
A communicaiion was received from
Mrs. Emily E. Lassague of 311 Van Ness
avenue offering shelter for three or four
persons.
The chairman of the relief committee
a-serts in explanation of his request for
certain accommodations for unemployed
cases at the City and County Hospital
and at the County Almstiouse that some
provision is necessary lor dangerously ill
persons such as have been reported to the
committee and for aged persons who are
beyond the working age.
They are cases for public care and can
not be providea for by the unemployed,
but if life is worth saving the City and ;
County should upon application offer some !
shelter to those very urgent cases. He ;
a^ked for three cots in the Almshouse and )
for three cots in the City and County Hos
piial that the little funds of the army of
unemployed might not be heavily taxed
by having to be used in paying for care at
private nospitals, where humanity de
mands that attention be given particular
cases of dangerous illness.
Last night several hundred of the un
employed, apprised at a late hour of the
1 bird-street celebration, formea a rough
and-ready parade and marched round
into and through Third street before re
tiring.
To-day Pr?«i ' --r.t Leflingvrell purposes
to see: he proper Southern Pacific Com
pany otti^ials io >cc if seme low rate may
not be made for unemployed men going
into the country to take work promised
them. One man recently sent out cost
the unemployed quite a sum, as it was
imperative that he reach tt:e place at an
early day or lose the opportunity for
work.
President Leffm<*well has a "kick," to
use his own expression, against the tug
of-war tournament that was advertised as !
a benefit lor the unemployed. He de- j
clares that the men were compelled to \
disiribute handbills and that the public I
was ma:ie to believe that the show was a j
benefit, wh?r;as of the M'^SJ persons proa- j
ent in the Pavilion by restson of the ex
tensive advertising, the boulevard fund,
not the unemployed, will get .slls. lie
does not wish a wrong impression to go
out that the unemployed are actually
reaping a harvest 'rom b^ntri :h, for he de
clares that the tug-01-war was purely a
business proposition, without any pro
vision made for a representative of me
ciiizens' relief committee of the unem
ployed at t he box-cffice to determine
whether or not tin? percentage benefit an
nounced was actually given.
The prospects are that in a few days
Borne men will be put to work on tbe
boulevard, but there are not funds
enough to give employment to more than
a small fraction oi' the whole number. In
the meantime efforts will be continued
through the improvised employment
bureaus to rind places in and out of town
for different persons. There is a prospect
also that before lons several hnniired men
niav be .^ent to the mines if President
Leffingwell's plan does not miscarry.
"THE SOCIALISM OF OERIST."
Rev. Dr. Moreland Lectures at the
Turk-Street iemple.
A largo audience was present at the
Turk-street Temple last evening to hear
Rev. Dr. W. H. Moreland, rector ol Bt.
Luke's, lecture on tlje "Socialism of
Christ." The interest manifested through
out was intense, and the speaker was fre
quently interrupted by applause. J. Lar
sen acted as chairman.
"I am present," said the speaker, "as 8
disciple of Christ and a priest of the
church to remove any wrong Impression
with regard to the attitude of the church
toward socialism. The kingdom of Chri«t
is the kingdom of humanity and social
equality and justice.
"When you are trying to spread the
reign of justice and equality on earth you
are disseminating the doctrine of Jesus
Christ."
Competition Dr. Moreland regarded as
the cause of poverty, and thought mer
chants on that account were unable to
mate a living by observing the golden
rule. Neither did he believe that an act
of Congress or any legislative enactment
could change human character.
Rev. J. E. Scott, P. Ross Saartin, Leo
Gffsger, Theodore Lynch, William Edlin,
Henry Warnecke, Dr. j. D. Brock and
George Barnaby followed in short, rive
minute speeches. In general their senti
ments were in agreement with that of the
lecturer, except Barnaby, who believed
the little book entitled "Merry England"
contained more socialism in ten pages
than the whole of the Bible. Brock's
views coincided in the main, bnt he did
not believe that Christianity could work
any decided change.
lecture on "The Maid of Orleans."
Professor Alhin Putzker of the University of
California will lecture this evening on
"Woman's Patriotism Idealized in Schiller's
Maid of Orleans." This is the fifth lecture in
a courße on "Bchiller's Works," given by Pro
fessor Putzker at the German Y. M. C. A. Hall,
corner Eliis and Mason streets. The interest
in these literary evenings has increased from
wetk to week.
A Jewelry Fraud.
Mn. Helen de Estelle, 187 Hyde itreet,
•wore to a complaint In Judge Jotchimien's
court yesterday morning, charging William
Hoffman with defrauding her out of her jew
elry. He called upon nor, representing that
he "was an agent for a firm that made up-io
date ornaments out of old-iasbioned jewelry,
und she gave hlin a ring and chain which she
has never seeu since. She alleges that others
have been defrauded in the same way.
FARES BY THE RIVER.
One of Two lival steam* hip I.inpi
Slakes a Complalnt-25-Cent Fare
From San Kafael.
Before the meeting of the State Rail
way Commissioners yesterday a letter
was read from James GiUis, president of
the Union Transportation Company,
charging the Valley Railroad with dis
criminating against his company and in
favor of the California Navigation Com
pany. Both Mr. Gillis' company and the
latter run steamers between San Fran
cisco and Stockton. They are rivals of
each other.
Mr. Gillis thought that the managers of
the new railroad had reduced passenger
and freight rates to the California Nuvi
gation Company, and, as he said, entered
into a conspiracy with it. His own com
pany could not get such rates, nor could
the public. It wai decided that the matter
should be heard in detail on the 24th
inst., when officers of the Valley road will
be present.
Girvin and Eyre have been making this
fight for some tim», and Gillis, who is also
interested in warehousing in Stockton, in
tends to press the matter. Both the
Valley road officials and the managers of
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company, who handle the Valley
road freight going by water, have claimed
all along that it ha-* been far from their
intention to do anything to injure
Stockton.
A petition was received from Marin
County asking for lower rates of fare be
tween San Francisco and San Rafael. J. S.
McCue of Oorte Madera, n said couniy,
who appeared to indorse the petition, ar
gued that a single round-trip tare should
noi cost over '2r> cents. He also com
plained that men were charged $•"> for
monthly commutation tickets while
women were charged but $3. It wns de
cided to communicatt with the otticers of
the two transportat ion lines.
WATER COMPANY SUED.
A Livermore Capitalist Objects
to the Assessment of
His Stock.
W. J. Dingee et Al. Are Temporarily
Restrained by the Court From Sell
ing J^ha Ay. ward's Scares.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
903 Broadway, March 10. )
A suit wa<* filed to-day against the Liv
ermore Water and Power Company. Wil
liam J. Dingee, Frank J. Moffi'.t, W. F.
Boardman, J. M. Carroll, E. P. Cook, Ed
ward McGary and James Stanley by John
Aylward of Livermore. Aylward alleges
that the defendants are acting illegally
by levying a heavy assessment on his
block of stock, which it was agreed should
not be assessable.
It is then alleged that it was agreed be
tween the plaintiff and the defendants,
Dingee and Stanley, that the latter should
incorporate a company to control the
property and sell water to Livermore and
surrounding towns. There were to be
2000 shares of the value of $100 each, and
it is alleged that Dingee was to receive
1333V£ shares and Aylward 66«?£ aud that
the plaintiff's stock was to be transferred
to Stanley to be held in trust.
It is further stated that Dineee agreed
that the stock was not to be assessable,
and that he further agreed to raise $25,000,
of which Aylward was to get $2000 and
$0000 was to Be paid to Elizabeth Kodgers
and the balance to be used for improving
the plant, so that an income of $700 per
month should be produced. It was also
agreed that the plant should be mortxaged
if necessary and later bonded for $25,000.
the surplus profits to be shared by Dingee
ami Aylward.
The complaint then states that the com
pany was formed and the promised stock
was turned over to Stanley to be held in
trust for plaintiff. According to Aylward,
Stanley was given 200 shares, and the rest
of the stock was portioned among the
other deienuants, who it is alleged were
employes of Dngee, and who did not
part with any valuable consideration for
the stock.
It is thnn allesed that Dingee failed to
raise the $2"),0u0, that all the defendant*
have not expended over $<>000 for improve
ments, and that the promised $^000 has
not been paid and that the Rod gers -mort
gage has not been satisfied as was
promised.
The plaintiff sought an injunction re
straining the defendants frons selling a
block of stock in which he is interested, and
which has been advertised for sale on
March 11. Judge Hall granted the tem
porary order.
An officer of the comnany said to-night
that the proceeding was perfectly regular,
and that the sale of delinquent stock was
legitimate.
CLEVER BOXING.
Savage Get* the Di-cl»ioii Over Dixon
Before the S. F. A. C.
The San Francisco Athletic Club held
one of its regular monthly exhibitions at
their clubrooms at 431}^ Sixth street last
night.
Some clever boxing bouts were given by
'Messrs. lrwin and Bates,. McNesby and
Jimmy Anthony and Goff and Kennedy.
Messrs. Kelly, Marlow and Webber en
tertained the crowd with songs.
The event of tba evening was a four
round go between Charles Dixon, 122
pounds, and "Yank" Savage, 134 pounds.
The referee awarded the fight to Savage.
Dixon male a good showing against his
more weighty and experienced opponent,
but showed a lack of condition.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
bold an athletic exhibition and ball on the
20th of this month at Teutonia Hall.
JOHN HOPKINS OP CHICAGO.
The Well-Known Sporting Manager
Arrived Last Kveniug.
John Hopkina, a well-known Eastern
manager of theatrical shows, and a man
who has bandied Creedon and Tracey, the
pugilists, in some of their fistic contest*,
arrived last evening from Chicago. He
says that Creedon is matched to tight Bob
Strong on the 24th inst. Of the big tight
Mr. Hopkins says that the New York
sportine men figure that Corbett should
defeat Fitz-immons, as he is superior in
most particulars to the Cornishman. The
betting in Chicago is $10 to ?6, with Cor
bett on the long end. Mr. Hopkins will
remain a few weeks on this coast and will
journey to Carson on Monday evening
with Al Smith, the stakeholder, for the
purpose of seeing the big fight.
Boy Bicyclist Injured.
Eddie Eeeberg, 15 years of age, a messenger
boy In the employment of the Pope Bicycle
Company on Post street, was riding his bicy
cle on Eighteenth street yesterday afternoon
when he was knocked down by a coal cart.
One of the wheels of the cart passed over his
right shoulder fracturing the ciaTicle. Hi»
right leg was also bruised and there was a
wound on his forehead. He was taken to the
City and County Hospital for treatment.
• ♦ »
Advances made on furniture ana pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
BRAVOS FOR THE
FRENCH OPERA
Society Attends in Force
at the California
Theater.
The Season Opened With Meyer
beer's Opera "L'Afri-
Ciiae."
Massart and Henry Albers Win
the Laurels of the
Evening.
•'II Trovatore" had been billed as the
medium for introducing the French Opera
Company to a San Francisco audience,
but in the middle of the week it was an
nounced that "L'Africaine" would be
substituted lor the early Verdi work. The
change did not cause much disappoint
ment, for ''L'Africaine," old as it is, has
some of the charms of novelty in this City
when it has not been heard much
of late years, whereas the dear old hand
organ airs of "II Trovatore," sweet as
they are to the ears of people who love to
hum the melodies in the foyer between
the acts, have come to be associated with
amateur performances, and consequently*
"II Trovatore" has lost some ot its pres
tige for opening a much-advertised grand
opera season.
Considering the difficulty of marshaling
stagehands in a foreign language, the per
formance was laudably punctual in be
ginning. The Grst scene, representing the
council chamber of the King of Portugal,
was modestly set. It was not stage up
holstery that the audience had assembled
to enjoy, however, but grand opera singing,
and consequently the accent of lnes re
ceived much more attention than the red
benches of the council chamber. Mme.
Marthe Berthet took the part and her sing
ing of "Addio Mio Sol Natal" was received
with enthusiasm, wiich might be luokcd
upon as something of a triumph for the
first aria in an opera.
Mme. Berthet has a ringing soprano
leggero voice, although it is not free from j
a certain hardness which detracts from its
sympathetic quality. Stie sings with con
siderable freedom of execution, and alto
gether she carried off the honors on the
feminine side of the cast.
The real honors of the evening, how
ever, were all swept away by Vasco di
Gama and Nelusuo; they won nearly all
the "bravos," and it was a toss up which
of them had won most. The moment
Vasco di Gama was summoned into the
council chamber and M. Massart, in a
tight-titting costume ot red and gold,
responded, one knew he was the primo
tenore of the organization by the very way
he strutted on to the stage.
Vasco did not deign to notice, so much
hs by a glance, the august grandees, the
cardinals, bishops and inquisitors assem
bled in council; he strutte I right down to
the footlights and addressed himself at
once to the audience, witn a frank disre
gard of any one but himself which is
sacred to tenon beloved of the multi
tude.
Massart had not sune a dozen notes of
his opening aria, "Io vidi," before every
one saw that he was justified in assuming
the airs and graces ot a primo tenore a-^
--soluto. His beautiful voice, whicn gives
evidences of high training, is full and
dramatic in quality, and he pro
duces exceptionally high notes in a
chest quality of voice, or at least in
such a skillful blending of the chest and
hpad qualities that the dramatic effect of
a chest note is produced. He sings with
MLLE DE CONCOLE, the Premier Danseuse of the French
Opera Company.
little or no effort and in spite of his tight
Clothes, bis impossible strut and his petit
maitre manner, there was no affectation
ab.'Ut the genuine expression of his
singing.
Massart's aria was received with fervid
applause, and he remained the hero of the
footlights till Nelusko (Henri Albers) ap
peared and t:;en honors were divided.
Nelusko, tne noble but delusive savage,
has not very much to do in the council
chamber scene, when he is brought in as
Vasco di Gama's slave, but the full,
vibrant qualities of his voice and his fine
musical and dramatic rendering of his
score quickly revealed the artist
Nelusko has a chance of showing his
quality in the second act. w::ere Vasco di
Uama is thrown into prison with his
slaves for daring to declare that
he can reach India by rounding the
Cape of Storms. Henri Albers took
full advantage of the opportunity
offered, and his aria, "Daughter
of Kings," brought down a storm of
"bravos" and "bis," particularly from
the part of the house where a large con
tingent of opera lovers from North Beach
was seated.
All through the rest of the opera Al
bers' success continued. He acted as well
as sang with ease and abandon, and in
the scene on board ship he and the male
chorus bora most of the burden of the
MONSIEUR MASSART, the Leading Tenor, as Vasco di Gama
in " V Af ricaine."
score. Hii ballad, "Adamastor, Monarch
of the Deep," made the hit of the third
act.
Apart from Masaart and Albers, the
company did not give any remarkable
proofs of talent. 11 me. Foedor, the Selika,
was not received with any enthusiasm.
Her voice proved to bo dramatic and
powerful in the upper notes, but it is un
even, and sne does not use it with any
particular art.
Her appearance would no doubt be tak
ing and piquant with another make-up,
but the darkened skin of Selika was very
trying to tier.
M. Athes w:s neither a very good nor a
very bad Don Pedro. Both in the sinking
and" acting he just reached the standard
of mediocrtiy. PMward Deo, the second
tenor, sang acceptably as Don Aivar.
M. Javid was as fervid a Christian in
the role of the Grand Inquisitor as he was
an ardent heathen in the role of the Grand
Brahmin. The minor parts were all sat
isfactorily sustained.
As for the choruses the men's voices
were far superior to those of the women.
S>me of the male choruses in which Mey
erbeer is always so strong were very well
sung, but the chorus of women in the
third act was weak and out of tune.
A large orchestra under the direction of
M. Nicosias did efficient service. On the
whole the ensembles were good, though
there was a slight evidence of pulling
hither and thither in a few of th,e grand
ensembles. This was only momentary,
however, for on the whole good precision
was observed.
The wait* between the acts were not
long and the scenery, though simple, was
appropriate. T n the fourth tableau there
was a grand Indian mnrch, executed by
Mesderooiselles R >ssi, De Brassi, Boggio
and the corps de ballet. *
The audience was prodigal with ap
plause nnd it is many a long day since
a San Francisco theater has rung with so
many "bravos."
A "SOCIETY" HOUSE.
It Was Dressy, Chatted French and
"Visited."
It is pro Ten; no matter how great the
lyric artist, if he or she appears only in
concert San Francisco 'will have none of
it. That is, she will not don her finest
clothes and lonpest plumes to extend
greetings to a concert programme. Nor
The fac-simile >rf **%'. "on every wrapper
signature of ; (*a&ffietfcjSfe <& CASTOEIA.
dicaand her famous company taught us
that melancholy fact. Opera is what San
Francisco wants — opera with artists whose
fame has preceded them. Opera mounted
grandly and gorgeously, such as the Cali
lornia management offered their patrons
last ni-ht.
Compared to the Nordica audience —
latest and most brilliant in our memory
— the assemblage that tilled the California
last evening was as a brilliant meteor to a
tiny twinkling star.
K very body was there. Everybody
dressed in their very best, with added
splendor in the shape of rare and costly
laces and priceless jewels.
The opera season summoned in evi
dence the people, the hoi polloi. They
stood three deep in front of the theater en
trance and held their breath or gave vent
to joyful exclamation as carriage after car
riage unloaded its quota of fair occupants.
Another fact proved is that woman, no
matter how fair or lovely, never looks so
handsome as in the gorgeous costuming
which opera not only permits but de
mands. Society answered nobly fashion's
imperative decree, and the result was one
of the "prettiest houses," according to
managerial vernacular, the California
Theater has ever held.
The California is not a theater that is
easily "dressed." For some reason or
other costumes must be more than gor
geous, jewels raora than brilliant to make
a good showing at this house. But the
theater last evening was a dream of love
liness. Fair necks gleamed, diamonds
outshone themselves, silks rustled and
satins shimmered in a way to please even
the most exacting of tastes. Hats were
not in evidence, that is, there was not a
Gainsborough in the house, and the few
head coverings that were worn were so
tiny that thty looked more like a ribbon
or a feather or a bit of luce fastened
daintily in Ihe coiffure. The dressing was
not confined to the lower floor. In the
balcony there were rare laces to be seen,
ladies without hats and gentlemen in the
evening dress operatic performances de
mand.
Probably the fact that the comnany
haiis from New Orleans may account for
the charming custom introduced last
evening of "visiting" between acts. The
lobby formed a charming retreat, and not
a few ladies mingled with the gentlemen
and exchanged greetings and opinions.
Of course French was heard all over.
Good French, poor French and most in
different French. It seemed to be the
thing. Those who could not formulate
sentences to express the enthusiasm they
ielt gave vent to their joy and lingual
attainments in load and oft-repeated
"Bravos."
Among those in the audience were:
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, Miss Ives,
Mrs. Jeremiah Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Moulder, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Crockett,
Miss Caro Crockett, Dr. Perone. Mr. and Mrs.
A. uauliois, Mr. and Mrs. P. McG. Mcßean,
Miss Edith Mcßean, G. W. Prescott, E. A. Bru
guiere, Mr. and Mrs. Russell J.Wilson. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Lesrallet. Mr. ana Mrs, Henry T. Scott,
Colonel Crocker, Mrs. A. Sperry, Mr. and Mrs.
A. D. Splivalo, Mr. and Airs. Thomas, Miss
Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. A. Vignler, Dr. and Mrs.
Peseta, Henry Pechoir, Etnile Plssls, Eugene
Pissis, Madame Sabatie, Miss Sabaiie,
Mr. and Mrs. Schwerin, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Kruttsc:;nitt, Horace G. Platt, Allen Bt. J.
Bowie. Alfred Bouvier, Henry Goldstone,
Mrs. Young, Miss Mayrie Young, Miss Kate
Salisbury, Mr. and Mrs. A. Fusehot, Mr. and
Mrs. Tallant, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ounn, the Misses
Moore, J. D. Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney M.
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A. Hochstadter. Mme.
Ziska, Mr. ana Mrs. C. M. Jennings, Dr. and
Mrs. Winslow Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. J. Mor
gan, Mr. and Mrs. Boardman, Mr. and Mrs.
Leon Sloss, Mr. and Mrs. A. Roos, Achille Roos,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Nupthaly, Mr. and Mrs.
I. Magnln, Mr. and Mrs. Chaignean, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Raas, Mr. and Mrs. Morrow, Herman
Knalnwald, Mrs. Lyons, Mr. and Mr«. Henri
Kalin, C. Tobln, Count de Pare, Latham
McMullin, Joseoh I). Grant, Mr. and
Mrs. William T. Fries, J. K. Cosgrave.
Dr. Harry Tevis, Mr. and Mrs. Leopold
Michaels, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Alexander, Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. Coleman, Mrs. D. Brown, Mrs.
George Bowers, Dr. and Mrs. Hunt, Dr. and
Mrs. Arnold, Mr. and Mrs. Ames, Miss Ames,
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Ashe, Mr. and Mrs. S. L.
Ackf rman, Dr and Mrs. Barkan, Mrs. Beaver,
the Misses Beaver, A. Bergerot, G. Berson, Mr.
and Mrs. Bigelow, Mr. and Mrs. S. Bissinger,
Miss Carrie Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Spreck
els E. lleiler, Mr. and Mrs. J. Jewett, Mrs.
Truesdeil, Mr. and Mrs. F. Zeile, Mrs. Newton
Booth, W. H. Payne, Mr. and Mrs. A. Reiss,
Mrs. S. M. Cooper, Miss Julia Crocker, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Borel, Dr. and Mrs. Calegaris, Mr. »nd
Mrs. Dodge, Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Bryan.
Mr. and Mrs. 8. W. Ehrman, J. Lawson, Mr.
and Mrs. Lowe, Mr. and Mrs. G. W, McNear,
Mr. and Mrs. E. VV. Hopkins, Miss Helen Hop
kins, Mr. and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mr. and
Mrs.W. F. Herrin, W. F. Whittier, Mr. and
Mrs. W. Mayo Newhall, Mr. ar.d Mrs. Frank
Johnston, E. R. Lilienthal, G. F. Ferguson,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Herzog, Miss Julia Herzog,
Mrs. I. Steinhart, Clem Bennett, Herbert Gil
bert, Mrs. J. Schweitzer, G. Burton, George
Barnes, L. E. Btanton, C. H. Holt,
L. Alexander, Miss Flora Alcovich, Miss
Evelyn Katz, G. H. Newman, L. C. Masten
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carpy, Porter Garnett,
G. A. Moore, A. H. Mooser, Mr. Solomnn, Mrs,
E. Melville, Mme. Dubedat, W. F. Wood, A. R.
Fauff. Mrs. H. H. Schmiedell, W. Hochstadter.
J. If. O'Brien, W. Wilson. George Carroll, E.
Deuprej-, C. R. Splivalo, W. Butler, M.
Greenebaum, General Malowansky, L. Siegel.
W 8. Jones. J. Heilbronner, M. Heyneman-
S. H. Friedlander, Mr. Kuhlman, E. Molera,
Lewis Gerstle. John Tayior, F. Reis Jr. , G. T,
Marye Jr., W. E. Brown. J. D. Grant,
E Hoefer, E. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. M. Leren
tntt, Ed Rothschild. G. W. Prescott, T. H.
Bishop, N. FrankliD, D. B. Bailey, E.
Chevisich, J. C. Pennie. Mr. and Mrs. L. A.
Schwabacher, Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Pope, Mr.
and Mrs. J. 08. Gunn, Mr and Mrs J. D.
Spreckels, Mr. Hellman, J. C. Kirkpa trick Mrs.
p; N. Merle, E. Toussin. J. H. Graham, W. A. Ma
gee and party, J. Rothschild. Mr. Frelrtenrich.
8. H. Kent. Mr. and Mrs. M. Stone, E. Beck,
8. W. Heller, Dr. Neuman, Max Levy, Mrs.
Fleiahnacker and daughter. Mrs. Neustaj dtt-r,
B. Newman, Dr. Richards, Abe HarsbaU. N.
Gerstel, Harry Coleman. Sig. Bettman
Joseph Goldstcne, Mis« Frances Ries, Miss
Jean Franitlin, Miss Stella Raphael, Judge F.
H. Dunne, Mrs. Joseph and daughter, a.
Sachs, J. F. Biglow, Irving Myers.
UNION MEN DISCHARGED.
Trouble May Grow Out of the Affiliated
Colleges Building.
The Laborers' Protective Association,
Hod-carriers, met at 1159 Mission street
last evening.
The union decided to again affiliate with
the Building Trades Council. The presi
dent, Patrick Hannon. William O'Donnell
and Jerry Holland were appointed as dele
gates to that central body.
A report was made that the Rae Build
ing Company, contractors for the con
struction of the Affiliated Colleges, had
discharged all the union hod-carriers and
that it was announced that hereafter non
union laborers will be employed. It was
also asserted that tbe company had taken
the same action with regard to the con
struction or the High School building and
the nev Hall oi Justice on Kearny and
Washington streets.
The union decided that as the Affiliated
Colleges is a State building the work
should be done by union men only, and
that in order to effect this end the best
thing to do is to call the Board of Kegents'
attention to the injustice. A committee
will call on the Regents before the next
meeting. ■
STOLE AWAY TO WED.
J. A. Wads worth's Romantic
Marriage to Miss Reeves
of Oakland.
They Were Quietly United in Martinez
on January 16— Friends
Suprised.
News reached this City yesterday of the
marriage of J. A. Wadsworth to Mi3S
Cora M. Reeves of Oakland. The affair
was a carefully planned elopement, and
was carried out at Martinez on the 16th of
last January.
J. A. Wadsworth is the son of Henry
Wadswortb, the capitalist and cashier of
Wells- Fargo. The family is well known
in social circles on both sides of the bay.
The groom is only 22 years of age, and it
was not known that he contemplated tak
ing a wife.
Miss Reeves is some years younger.
When the news of the marriage was re
ceived it was a big surprise to the many
friends of the Wadsworths.
Mr. Wadsworth said yesterday that his
son bad gone to Martinez and been mar
ried without his knowledge or consent.
He declined to say anything further, ex
cept tnat Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Wadsworth
have been living for the past few days at
the home of the groom's parents across
the bay.
Haywards Man Bunkoed.
W. E. Willey, a resident of Hay wards, visited
the City on March 4 and made the acquain
tance of Michael Golden and J. McCormick, two
bunko s'eerers. They gained his confidence
and Induced him to pay the old lottery
trick ana when he had finished he had parted
with $470. Golden and McCormick were ar
rested yesterday and Willey swore to a com
plaint against them in Judge Low's court.
Sold to n Syndicate for 95,000,000
TORONTO, Ontario, March 10.— A tele
gram says the famous Le Roy mine in
British Columbia, owned by Senator Tur
ner and others of the State of Washington,
has been sold to a syndicate of British
capitalists for $5,000,000.
' NEW TO-DA.T. *
IP^' MB! M mBk MbA £Esjst
I ■ . *
For Bilious and Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach Sick TTo«riins>i«
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness Told Uh ills PloahiSn
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath. Costiveness. Blotches on the Skin Di^Kd
Sleep, b rightful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc when these svmnto^
are caused by constipation, as most of them are. the FIRST DOSK wirr rm> P ny
WJEI' IN TVVKNiY 3IIXUTi:s. This is no fiction. Every sufferer isl£rnJst£ mined to
try one box of these Pills and they will be acknowledged to be earnest ' > la vlted to
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic-a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening tha
) muscular System restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen ed*e of appetite
and arousing with the Koselm.l of Health the who,, physical energy of the humao
frame. These are facts admit tea by thousands, in all classes of society and one of the best
guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that Be«cham>. PAla have the Urgent
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. ™«fc°3u
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
- 25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. S. Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St. New
YorK, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application.
I Personal I
1 Attention
|I I TNLIKE MANY OTHER PHYSICIANS AND MEDI- §
!» cal institutes, Doctor Cook personally attends his own 3
Jo office. He has no hired substitutes, no professional repre- 3
Jo sentative. When you go to his office for treatment you o
jo consult Doctor Cook himself and no one else. He goes „
o thoroughly into each individual case and carefully follows %
j* it through every stage until a perfect cure is effected. He 3
stakes his reputation on every case, and is determined to «
"jo make California famous throughout; the world for the °
S achievements of a great specialist. %
jo Doctor Cook treats ::i::i^ i: =ss^ Mat] Treatment al* %
g with unequaled success s?^^^P^^^ ways successful* o
U Female Complaints jy /&ftt&3p^< Therefore, if you live o
\o Lost Manhood and all // mmf \ \ OUt ° f t Ci ' y a . nd I
» a. .i v j. "■ •i" ■* if faJlPSpmi \ 'A cannot call upon the c
CUs attending ailments, I %s&s \ \ doctor, write him fully %
)o gonorrhoea. Stricture, // alfe es£&4gK \\ and without reserva- 3
io Syphilis, Varicocele./ lssf; ?^ fY- \\ tion. All those describ- 3
g Hydrocele, Piles, Rup. - M^t / /^U I ins their troubles will ©
g.ture, Rheumatism, Ca- 1. l^^fv' : *j!3S&iL I be sent, free of charge, °
r tarrh, Blooa and Skin \\ Wkmmt&KSt U his new and' valuable °
Jo Diseases, and Diseases Vi J\?ssBm£ V aub- Jf book on nervous and 3
to of the Eye, Ear, Brain, \v A^WSskmT // sexual diseases. Office 3 i
>o Nose, Throat, Heart, NN^RfflßW'm^if^ // ' hours— to 12 a. m. ,2 to 3 f
° Lungs, Liver, Stomach, x^li'°~lh^ii' W 5 and 7 to Bp. m.; Sun- <={/
° Kidneys, Bladder and ' days, 10 to 12 a. m. only. °
C Urinary Organs. ~ Address 3
DOCTOR O O O J
!« 865 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 3
P> (Opposite Baldwin Hotel). . '5
JO---.- '. . ■ .. .. ' , . ..-■, : •■...■,.. '..■■ ...... ■-. . ... ■ O( '
lPgPPOOPP.flPPPopooooopoopoQOopooppooooooooooo o o .ftjtBJL«UL?
NOBLE RED MEN
TURN INFORMERS
Hoopa Valley Indians Re
ceive Very Light
Sentences.
The White Man Who Bought
L quor for Them to Be
Arrested.
Slid to B; G3od Indians, but Very
Fond of Firewater— Got Thirty
Days Each.
The noble red man, represented by
three Hoopa Valley Indians, has turned
informer, and there will be wailing arui
gnashing of teeth in Humboldt County
about North Fork when it is learned lhat
they have told more than was ever before
known of the mysterious agency by which
the Hoopa ValJey aborigines get the fire
water that often causes them to put on
warpaint.
James Anderson, James Richards an<l
Milo Ferry are good Indians, according to
Captain Dougherty, the retired army oni
cer who acts as agent at Hoopa Valley,
but they, as well a? other inhabitants of
the reservation, have a quenchless thirst \
for whisky. Moreover on many occasions.yA
much to the discomfort and astonishment^ 1
of the agent, they were able to obtain the
dreaded firewater and become uproari
ously drunk.
A close watch failed to discover the
I means by which the liquor reached the
! reservation until one day when tie three
men rode into the valley with a comfort
able "jag." They were searched and
enough whisky found to make a dozen
Indians drunk.
They refused to tell where the liquor
came from and were arrested on a charge
of selling liquor to other Indians.
After arriving in tfiis City in charge of
Captain Dougherty the three men con
sidered their chances of going to jail for a
long time and then concluded that to tell
where they obtained the liquor would get
! them off with a light sentence. In this
j idea they were encouraged by the agent
and the United States District Attorney's
office.
When they were called np for trial yes
terday in the United States District Court,
' nil pleaded guilty and both Captain
: Dougherty and Assistant United
j District Attorney Schlesinger asked the
i court to be lenient with them in view of
the fact that they had given valuable In
| formation that would put a stop to the
selling of liquor to tne Indians on the
! Hoopa Valley reservation. The captain
! testified to their ; eneral good character
and Judge Morrow sentenced them to
I thirty days' imprisonment and to pay a
: tine of %f> each. They were taken to Ala
raeda County Jail last evening to begin
j their terms.
It is understood that the Indians told
; the authorities that they hired a man
from Ilock Creek, which is not far from
! the reservation, to buy the I'qnor in North
Fork, ana that be delivered the whisky to
them at a rendezvous in the mountains.
They claim not to know his name, but
nave so described him that the author
ities will have no difficulty in making his
arrest.
It is believed that this mau'-fcas been *
making a regular business of supplying \
the Indians with whisky, and that he la I
responsible for the introduction of large
quantities into the reservation. *
Hoopa Valley reservation is in Hum
boldt County, about forty- five miles from
Arcata, and is about eight miles square.
One hundred and eighty Indians make
their homes there and practically support
themselves by farming and hunting.
The barking of a dog on the earth can
be distinctly heard by bailoonists at an
elevation of four miles.LINCOLN II TOOK
THE PIEDMONT
In a Hard Drive He Downed
Caspar for the Stake
at Oakland.
Some Pronounced Cho ces Were
Beaten and the Books
Quit Ahead.
Loben?ula Won Easily at Odds of 8
to I— Hermoso Was Run "Short."
H zard First in a Drive.
So heavily padded was the overnight
entry card that the impression was created
a great field was going to line up in the
Piedmont high- we gut handicap decided
at Emeryville track yesterday.
The distance was seven furlongs, with
$700 hung up for the successful horse. All
of the too weights were scratched with
the exception of Casper, which colt was
delegated to carry I^l pounds. Charley
'Xhorpe had the mourn and he went to the
po"st a 3 to 2 Earorite alter opening up at
7 to 10. Yankee Doodle, at 11 to 5, was
next in demand. The others were all
quoted at long prices, the principal play
/being on Lincoln 11, carrying 10S pounas,
jL cli was played from 10 down to T.
ihe start was a eood one. Peril made
the iisuai run out in front, showing signs
of quitting as the stretch was neared. The
favorite then toot command of things
and appeared to be winning, when Lin
coln came with an electrifying burst of
speed at the paddock and in a hard drive
led tne favorite over the line three jam
of a length in I:3L fiat, a very good per- !
formance, considering the slow condition j
of the track. Eight lengths away Insti
gator finished in the show.
It was a very rough day for the favor
ite?, but two of them nianagine; to land
purses. The majority of the books cleaned
up very nice winnings over the day's
racing.
A cheap collection of "dogs" started in
the opening tive-and-a-half-lurlong scram
ble, with McXaughton 6c Mu;r's brown
colt Fortunate ruling a hot 13 to 20 choice.
He led from the jump, beating Defender
cut four lengths. Lena was a good third.
The fast Sir Modred colt Hermoso
opened up a7to 5 favorite for the iour
furlong two-year-old scramble, hat he was
a frost on the market and went bacK to
11 to 5, the relined coin going in on Ezell's
The Cheat, cutting his odds from twos to
Bto 5. Hermoso showed a Irgn turn of j
tpeed to the ttretch, where he blew up.
The Cheat then won easily from Little
TG, a '20 to 1 cho;ce. Thorpe finished a I
clo*e third.
The defeat of Benamela, the 9 to 10
choice for the third event at a mile, de
cided under selling conditions, put qu te a
crimp in the talent's bank roll. Tho
brown horse was away from Ibe post
I'oorly, but Thorpe persevered with nim
and soon caueht up with the second
cnoice, Applause, which was speeding
alone out in front. Before the bend for
the wire was reached, though, the favoriie
was laboring. Once headed for the stand
3x>benguJa cime fast, and assuming first
position iinished over two lengths in ad
vance of Purser's mare. • The fir*t choice
xva* an ordinary third. The winner was
" time as : 1, finally going j
c post at 4 and 5 to 1 in the majority
Jof the books. He was very cleverly ban-
I c'.fd by Charley Slaughter.
The result of the fifth race, a rive and a
half furlong selling affa:r with a crabby
lot of platers lining up at the barrier, did
not suit speculators very well. In a hard
drive Mercutio, a 12 to 1 c ance, ridden
hy Al Shaw, outfnoted the heavily played
bieefried the last part and ?a»nea the de
cision by a neck, with Queen Nubia
getting the show. Woodland Belle, which
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Wednesday, March 10. Fifty-fourth Day
the Winter Meeting:. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track dead.
opened at evens and receded to 3 to 2, was
never dangerous.
Midio was scratched from the conclud
ing aix-furlons; sprint, and Tom Griffin's
mare, Miss Ross, whs chosen to carry the
bulk of the c< in. Two to one was about
the general price laid against her through
out the beuiner. Just before post time
there was a stiff play on Hazard, cutting
his odds to 11 to 5. Looking all nver a
winner in the stretch, "Skeets" Martin
got up with Hazard at ihe pa idock,
snatching the r<urse from Miss Koss by
nearly a length. Show honors went to
Candor.
>O iKS.
On February 19 Summertime, running
in the name of A. Stemler, won a selling
race, with Torsina, carrying George
liose'a colors, finishing second. Mr.
Rose boosted the winner a few hundred,
bnt the run-up money was protested on
the ground that Tor-ma was not owned
by Ms. Rose. The owner of Una Que
Amo then stepped in and protested pay
ment of the purse to Summertime, stating
in his protest that Summertime was not
owned by Mr. otemler. After investigat
ing the "matter the Oakland track stew
ards have dis-qualified both horses, award
ing the purse to Una Que Amo. The
run-up money, however, stands in favor
of Torsina.
Tne following weights have been as
signed by the official handicapper lor the
Oakland handicap, one mile and a quar
ter, to be decided on Saturday next:
Nebuchadnezzar 100, Claudius 98. Peter the
Second 102. The Roman 96, Claudlana 80, Una
Colorado 85, Tar and Tartar 83, Miss Bulb SO,
Sly 80, Gamecock 80, Judge Denny 102,
Semper Lex 110, Scarborough 80, Double
QuicK 108, CRsp -r 100, P. & W 86, King
street 90, O»ric II 97, Redskir 101).
Earl Cochrane 86, fiuckwit 124, Key
del Baudidos 120, Yankee Doodle 110,
Twinkle Twink 80, Sir Play 110, Lo
bengula 107, Mamie Scott . 90, Cash
Day 115, Cabman 102, St. Lee 116, All
Over 101, Service 100, Lincoln II 98, Thelma
86, Dura 80. Salvation 114, Senator Grady 100,
H»rd Tack in England 85, Arapahoe 100,
Aquinas 104, Howard S 108, D vault 92,
Major Fludd 80, Josephine 80, Zylpha SO,
Fuilerton Lass (Imp.) 85, Gratify §0.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, one mile, selling.
680 Grandezia 91 671 Jay W Heeler... 93
668 Doctor G 110 634 Philip H 93
676 Carrie 10 jl 572 Ke.agan 11l
619 Coda 106 678 Woodchopper..ll4
s*b Sooladain 11l
Second race, half mile, iwo-y ear-did 5, selling.
646 Daisy.. 101|(668)Morana. 105
668 OnGna Nita....105| .... Oypceiver 108
662 Jim Brownell.,lo6 662 Key 5»1azar....103
668 Esperando 106 662 iloringa 101
tSfc'J liallon 108
Third race, one mile, netting.
64; Tempestuous .. 93 669 Ro.ielle 93
669 J ck alartlu...lO7 6*59 Enclno 110
{678) Hazard 107 669 Tar a dTartar.lll
644 Joan lu6 665 Koadrunner....ll4
648 Hermanita 109] 624 Deems 110
Fourth race, one aud an eighth miles, selling.
663 Can't Dance.. ..105 665 Ransom 106
t>6K Perseus. 102!o65 Frank Jaubert.. lo2
(ttßS)Morte F0n5e...109 659 McLight 109
Fifth race, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile, selling.
660 Simmons 100 (665) Double Quic.lo4
579 Pollock UJI (659)Viilmerston 104
577 » Hliente 98 ! 659 Babe Mur~phv..lu2
616 Morven 104 i 651 Oayiighi .". 104
676 Peril fc6 651 Major Cook 98
6-5 Meadow Lark... 104 (64S)>an Marco 104
lii-vault 104 669 Juau Bernard.. US
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
(62D)Koltairs 106 6-9 Al&znu 103
(430)Osric II 10b| 671 -t. Distaff 101
537 Lupula 96 661 Klta H . .. 101
604 buisun 101 661 .Lost Girl 101
671 Atucus 106 i
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
*irst race — Carrie U, Grandezia,
Coda.
Second race — Morana, Jim Brownell,
| Dalion.
Third race — Herinauita, Roselle, •Tein-
I peg: nous.
Fourth race — Frank Jaubert, Perseus,
I McL ght.
.Fifth race— Caliente, Double Quick,
j Babe Murphy.
Sixth race— Osric 11. Suisnn, Etta H.
Divorce ."Suits i iled.
Suits lor divorce have been filed as follows:
Lincoln A. Cofiiu eeaiu^t Hannah W. Coffin,
for ernelty , Florence C, ijaleno against Samuel
H. Pali-no, failure to provide; Julia A. Well
mau against William Wellinau, desertion.
California »ilil« Society.
At the annual meeting of the California
Bible Society the following persons were
elected trustees lor the ensuing year: Annis
Merrill, E. r\ Flint, William Abbott, Cyrus 6.
Wright, T. C. Johnson, D. Gilbert Dexter, John
O. Doane, R. P. Wilson, F. S. Barbour.
*♦ • «
Advances male on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. Nooiian, 1017-1073 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1807.
CAME OUT LIKE
A BUTTERFLY
Third Street Emerges From
the Chrysalis
State.
Od Happy Valley Made Bril
liant by Modern Im
provements.
Merchants and Proprty • Owners
Celebrate tin Advent oF
Electricity.
Old men leaning on canes, young men
with their best Sunday girls, "kids" In
knee panta with tin horns given them by
B. Katchinski, the president of the Third
street Improvement Club, all made
their way la9t night to Third street—
that place known to tha pioneer as
"Happy Valley," which lay behind the
sand dunes where the Claus Spreckels'
building now stands. All came to join in
the grand celebration over ihe trausforma
tion of this old street into new activity,
brought about by the combined co-opera
tion of real estate owner and merchant
tenant. j
The celebration of the advent of the
electric ligh's bad been postponed time
and again because of the inclemency of
the weather until eventually last night
was the time »el down by the executive
committee to celebrate, weather or no
weather.
Bonthes at each of the five street cross
ings between Market and Harris n stre> ta
acted as beacons to signify that some
thing unusual was about to take place on
that street.
These signals were no fake alarms.
There wfis adis;lay of bnniintr, calcium
li^ht?, Japanese lanterns, Roman candies
and bky rocksts, with a band of music
seated in a rockaway behind four horses*,
which traversed the street from Market to
Harrison.
On the sidewalks were thousands of
persons, some of whom had not been on
Third street for years, but they turned
out iast night 10 see the old place in its
change from flickering lamps into an elec
tric ray of splendor.
Beckers Hall at 14 Third street was the
rendezvous for all. Here the proprietor,
with B. Kaichinski, B. Jacobs, R. K. Cole,
A. Huffman, J. B. Elliott, A. Becker, 0.
Attell, J. L<mle, L. Mariscti and \V. Hen
drickson Jr., entertained the many friends
who c»me to offer congratulations unon
tne success of the celebration and the ad
vantages of the great improvement on the
street.
Dr. Rottanzi was there, happy and full
of i-mil^s over the success of the Soutb
siile Improvement Club. Bo was I.
Schwartz, who made an appropriate ad
dreas, giving a brier history of the club
since its organization in June, IS9G, since
which time it had tuken an Hctive Dart in
the improvement of Folsom street, also
toe getting up of the late bicycle ninht
parade for "good streets," and the im
provement of the street over which they
hnd assembled to celebrate.
President Kntchinski spoke of his ex
perience in bringing owner and tenant
together for the purpose of improving the
street and making it what its location in
tended it to be — a first-class commercia.
center.
Toasts were drunk to the success of the
street, its merchants and property-owners,
and rlicro were words of kindness toward
The Morkixu Tall for its assistance, par
ticularly u> Charles M. Shortridge, its
proprietor, for his personal subscription
to the lighting fund.
Tne jubilee wa« a great success from
start to finish, and non<* deserve more
praise for its success than Mr. Katchinski,
who labored late and eariy to make it
wor'.hy of the occn?ion.
WHIM FOR A WHALER.
Bert Brown, bandsman, Goci to Sea
Without Saying Good-Bjr to
I'li^nd*.
J. Bertram Brown, a young man em
ployed as a clerk by Hawley Bros., hard
ware merchants, and living with his rela
tives on Broderick street, this City, gave
his friends a period of anxiety by "disap
THE ILLUMINATION OF THIRD STREET.
pearing" on Monday morning last ; that is
to say, he did not sleep at home Sunday
night, nor did he report for duty at hi'a
place of employment.
In fact nothing has leen seen of him
since he left the house Sunday evening
aft^r dinner.
Inquiry, however, developed the fact
that he had shipped for a wnaling voyage
in norihern seas, and his friends are look
ing for a letter from him in due course
from Unalaska. His fneuds bay that he
B. KATCHINSKI, President of the Third-Street Improvement Club.
was discontented and craved adventure,
with a possibility of betterment.
A GIANT CARROT.
Bay View Troduons a Tuber That
Weight* Ovr Seventeen Pound*.
A seventeen-pound carrot, the largest
ever grown in tills County and one of the
largest ever exhibited in California, was
brought into this City yesterday and is
NEW TO-DAY. t \
?il OOn RTi 1 , WA PR Di - Pierre> s Pat°nt Oalvan'c Chain Belt Is positively guaranteed
«fl' i ViVFi/ XYXU T» xXiJJ.' to be he most perlVct electric be now made in a\y par of the
world, and is as fur superior 10 he cheap v koi^u up but exten Ive v advertised so-called eie<; rle be is
now on ilii- market is an t-le trie dsfh is up rior to thai of a. tallow cand c. For a tint-class belt,
with all modern Improvements, a. a Moderate Prick patronize an o d-t-stauilshed and re lab c firm
ami you will thus n»ve no reason to com . ai.i of having b*««:i swind <h1 out or your money by un
principled "quicis." Buy nob 'lt till yon have se mi Dr. PI. rce'3. ffF"Boi)K Fbek. Cat or add rest
l»»i. PIKKC & SON, 704 s-acia en, si., . or. Kearn >-,- or 640 Market at.. ielovv Kearn.-, San
Francisco. The fo;lo ving drngif>t< are Kf-at«: B. K. Uogixgs, Sacramento; Holden Dbdo Co
Siockton, ami l<Eoim ■: O. MuRKHKAI), -i n Jose. -
lIIhttLLAKEIUIS.
HUlUC'Vnil Son: Tnnat, Simple! Coppcr-ra
■HA It lUU Colored Bpots, Aches, Old Eoreg.H
■Su'lcera In Month. II&ir-Falling! Write IlKlkCj
HRKUEDPCO., SO7 Masonic Temple
Hrhlcaro, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-m
M'"l. W500.000. ' Wont cases cured In lOta
Kjto 85 dayit 100-page book free. Egk
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/^HARLE3 H. : . PHILLIP. ATTOttNEY-AT.
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Mareet st., opp >
•It* Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. 1 Kesldenc* l(Ud
»«U Kmk Xelcpbouw ■ Pine ■ 2601.
now on exhibition at Bazzurro's restaurant
on Pacific street, where it is exciting much
interest amonu the raisers of vegetables in
this City.
The great tuber was crown at Bay View
by an Italian gardener named Andrea and
was the result of natural growth, not hav
ing been forced any more than other car
rots in the same field. It is nearly two
feet long by twelve inches in diameter, and
is almost heart-shaped, witu a prong at
the lower end.
General Wai field an Electrician.
R. H. Wa field, George Stone, B. M. Spencer,
N. W. Griswold and John F. Byxbee have in
corporated the Sonoma County Land and
Power Company, with a capital stock of $100,
--000, of which the sum of $5000 has been sub
scribed. Its obj ct is 10 supply power end
light to Napn, Mendocino, Lake and other
co uu ties.
Two ladies were returned to the English
Parliament in Eiiwani Ill's reien.
RAILROAD TRAVEU
fiORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
: (Via Sauaalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1831
WEEKDAYS. . ".'_,
For Mill . Valley ana ; >un Katael— "7:2s *9 -1 5
11: 0 a. M. "1:45. 3:45, "5:15. •5:4 a, 6:30 P m
Extra trips to 8i i Kafael on Mondays, Wednaa-
a and fcaturdaysa; 11:30 p. h. - ■■■'-
- :'. ■■ '■■■''- ;. :■.:/ BUXDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sun I'afael— *B:oo, •10:00
•iI:3J <. M-; «l ; ; 0, 3:00, *4:.M0. 6:i5P. U.
Trains marked • run to san Queutln.
THROUGH TRAINS. ,
' For Point Rpyi'S • and way . stat'ons— 7:2s a m
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. teundays, Is4d p. v. datur^
days. ■ . ■■ . . ..,: ■.. ■ ■ .';■-. ■■ -'■■.-. ■ .. :.
for Cazudero and war stations— a. U. Week-
; days; 1:45 r. m. Saturday*.
.& T}}e!eadina irjillincrs will appear pLg^iji j iPir
■. H underlbis beadina in Advance WW'J*^
j£fj or Tljeir respective opening da\j& . sjr////j^
| MADAME ALMA E. KEITH, §
G 808 Market Street and 24 Kearny Street. 3
I GRAND SPRING OPENING OF MILLINERY 1
£ THE LATEST EUROPEAN AND EASTERN DESIGNS. *j
£ THE LARGEST DISPLAY OF ART FLOWERS IN . THE CITY. §
jo The Unique Window Display is Alone Worthy of a Visit. o
£> RECOGNIZED AS SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING MILLINERY HOUSE! £
- — OPENING ID •* 1T& — —^- o
g THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 12 and 13. ?S'
5. iLSULSULSLaiUULJLiLaJLOJLJLa
A well-known clergyman, of Boston, says of
RIPANS Tabuies
" I have used them with so much satisfaction
that I now keep them always at hand, and
they are the only remedy I do use except by
. a physician's prescription. They are all they
claim to be."
RATLROAV TRAVBta
SMFRASCISCO& NORTH pI
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
■ Ean Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. iti 12:5%
8:30, 6:10. 8:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 P. m. Saturdays— UUira trips, at I:3J
and 11:30 P. it
BUKDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a.m.: I:3a 3:31
6:00. 6:20 P. it
San Rafael to San Vranctaco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. x. :
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. m. Saturday*— Extra trios
at 1:55 P. *. and 6:35 P. M. w
BTJNDAYS-3:ui, OMU, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:4%
6:00, 6:25 P. if.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as, above.
A*« ve ' ,_ _(.„.. Arrive ■ - ■•
Ban Francisco. o?t 14? B * n Francl *»
Week , Sun- u-.Unaiion. 6cN " I Wj« 4
Days. | days. " Ml """ l> ' 1 days. | Days.
7-.-M) am ,8:00 am Novato, 10:40 au 8:40 a*
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 PM 10:25 as*
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 PM
Fulton, ———————
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
;■'""• ' Eealdsburg,
i ytton,
Qeyservllle,
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3»pm| 6:22 pm
~ ~\ . Pleta, ; ~~ ~~
Hopland A
7:30 am| 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:2Bpm
1 :30 am 10:25 am
8 :00 am QuernevUle. 7:35 PM
3:30 PM 6:23 Pic
7:30 am 8:00 At; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 AMIS am a-hiutoDoL |10:40 AMI 10:2 •AM
3:30pm15:U0 be O—topol. | B:10pm| : 22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mart West
Springs; at Geyserville for Sicassra Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and _keport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart ett Springs; at
Ukiah for V*«by springs, Saratoga Springs, Bln«
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Latce. Homo, Potfer
Valley. Jonn Day's, • Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
neli's, sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoctno City,
Fort Him.';, Westport, Usal, wtilots. Cahto, Co-
veio, Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
joud ban Rafael at half rat— •
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnndlnf,
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
t>res. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass, Agent
Atlantic i^Bte3>%
Trains leave ana arrlra at^S^^Pnß ir&B
SASTA FE EXPBESS. wS^^^WsH
SASTA FE EXPRFSS. W&gSSm
To Ch i?r^t T ilfn^- * p 'X3Bi&£ggi I
leaves da ly a. 6 : p. m.. carrvtnr Pullman Palace '
Prawlng-room and Modern t'pnolst'jred Tourist
Bieeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Aim, x can for Denver and at,
l»ula*
Boson Kxcunlons, v. a Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Jlouutaloa . leave every '
Ti e»day. / . >. . 7?., I
The best railway . from California to the Bash !
(few rails, new lies; no dust: interesting sceneif,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ~ ■
San Francisco Ticket. Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle I uildiug. Telephone Maia !
l£>3l. i>akl_kd t 11 i» ii runaway.
IOUIIT MALPAIS.
Trains connect with .North PaelS*
Coast Railroad. .
WJ£KK DAY6— Leave &F. 9:14 a. M. 1:4% p. n.
Returning— Arrive H. K. 3:25 r m. . 8:20 r. M.
SUNDAY!*— Le«veS.F. Ba. M 11:30 a. m. l:3 Up._
Returning— Arrive 8.F.1 :li p. m 4:30 p.m. 7:35 p.m. ;
Tickets (or sale in Mill Valley or •;. -•-- >-■-.■
THO-. COUK A >o.\B, 641 Market it., a F.
MUlVaUey and Mount Tau_*_ Bo_te _otw»#i I
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ■'
LEAVE | KbomFkbbtjaby 15, 1897 I arbivii
BOtITUKBjr~I'A«JiriC COMPANY. .
(PACIFIC BY.STEM.)
tralui lMf« »nil nre due to iirrlre at
HAN IKA.VdMO
•O:OS>a Kites, Ban Jose and Way Stations... »:«»»»
7:«Oa Atlantic Express. Og<len and i:«et.. h:i3r
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Bedding via
DaTis oi43p
7:»Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallcjo, Napa, -
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6x13-
H:!IOa Niles, Han Jose, Stock tint, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Cbioo,
- Tehama and Red Bluff 4ilßp
•B:3©A Peters ami Milton »7sl3p
0:O« a New Orleans Kxpruss, Raymond (for
Yosamitu). Fresno, HaVerslield.
Santa Itarhara, I his Angeles, Dem.
ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:45p
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton ".. 4:1.1p
»:oOa. Vallejo «:15p
....... Mi las, San J<ne, Liveimore and
Stockton f*M>
i •l:OOp Saaramento Uiver Steamers »l):OOp
l:OOp Nlles, San Joaoand i ivermore 8:45 a
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4sr
4 :UOt> Martinez, San lUinon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, L'l Verauo and
Santallosa 9ilSa
4:OOp Benioia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marysville, Oro-
ville and Sacramento 1 1:1.1 a
4iBOp Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Nllet,
returning via Martinez 11i43a.
OxOOp l«a AngeUs Express. ' Tracy,
Fresno, Sabta Barbara and I. us >*.<..
Angeles /.45A.
Bioopß»nta Fa Kotite, Atlantic K.ipress ,
for Mtijare and East ./.45a
6:OOp European Mail, Og<l«n and I'.att.... 9:4 »a
Cx»Oi> Huywards, Nilesand San Jose 7»i»«
t7:OOi- Niaflojo ". ns4s»
7iO«p Oregon Kxpr«BB,Sacrnmeuto, Marys-
vilie, KeildiiiK. Portland, l'lijjek
Sound aud Easb Ilila>
10:«*p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Ml Paso, New Orleans
and Ea5t...... ttgi4S»
SANTA tItDZ lUVInIOX (Nnrrorf (iaoge>. ~
JIiIAa Newark.Ceiitervill.-.Siin.lase.Felton,
BculdsrCreek.SantaCruzaiid Way
Stations Bisop
. »axlsp Newark. Centcrville, San Jose, New
Aliuaden, Felton, Boulder «.';> iA,
Santa Cms and Priucipitt Way
Stations "11:20 a
4:int» Newark, Sun Jose and lies (,'atus ... 9:30 a
rll:-tViP Hu tera' Excursion, San Jose and
•VYayßtotlons t7:2op
COAsr IMYtNIUN (Third St. lounwrnil Sl».)
Gi43a San Jo«e and Way SUtious (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) lrHO»
■■ISA San,. lose, 'I'm linos, Snuta Cms. V .'■
Pacific Grove. Paso Rubles, Baa •
■ Luis Oliispo. GusdcJupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations TtOOp
lOi4Oa San J.ciHHHiid Way Stations , SiOOp
I1:»Oa Pah) Alto and Way Stations 8t»0>
■itsaopSan Mateo, Menlo Park. (Sail Jose, t:.
* .. Gilroy, 1 res I'inos, Santa Cruc,
Sallnas,Monterey and TacillcUrove »|O:IO\
■B:»OpSan Jose and Way .Stations *x43x
•4i3OpSao Teseaud Way Stations.... *A:o3a .
, S:8Op Sa, .Jose and Priucipal Way Stations *8:43 a
. 6>:(Ui- San Jose and Wuy Stations «-.:t5A
lll:4.1i> Sin .lose ami Way Stations.. f7:43r
' SAX LEAMUBO AM* IiWVVARDs LO<:AL.
«'0:O»a ' : ( 7ilsa
8:0Oa I t»:4}A
lOOOaI Helr^SemlnarxParM, JtJlg*
rt lfgg* Fltrhbprg, San Lea.dro *JjJg
8:©Op and ; *****
5:OOp IlaTwariia. 7:4.1p
o:8Op Haywirds, 7 . 431>
7iOOp «:4."»i ;
OsOOp < Rnns through to NDea. io:.v>p
ttllilSpj « From NUes. , . . tUB:<K»p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
.■ron SiS msCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m: Jl:00 *2:CO )3:C3
. •4:00 ; t5:00 •6:00 p.m. \- . ;•:.
rronOAKUHD— of Broadwsj *8:00 B*nO
10:00 a.m. t!2:00 *l:00 J2:03 ; »3:30 _ti.OO
'5:00 I.M. w
. A for Morning. P for Afternoon. -»■
* Sundays excepUd. t Saturdays only.
•.: ■:■■■ -.:■•■■...- t Sundays only. ■-•■ •
'■ tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. : ,
*Tn<* dars and Saturdays. . (Sundays ami Thundar*.
THE NAI FRJCiSCO ASJ SAS4JIQUU
HLLEIf RAILWAY COIPAIY.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897. passenger tralot
will run daily: . ■ . .
honthbound. Stations. KorthbonnA
7:2» a. v ...... ....8i0ckt0a......'....6j40 r. v.
9:49 a. it. -..-..-....:. Merced. ;..... 8:14 r it
11: to a M... ...... Fresno .......... 1:10 p. it
For Intermediate stations see tlmn-table.
Connect! n«j steamboats of the O. N. AI. Ca.
leave San Francisco aud Stockton at 6 p. K. daily.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
StJIMARY OF THE 31AKKJSTS.
BHver as before.
Wheat futures easy.
Other cereals dull.
ll«y an i Beans unchnnßed.
Potatoei and Onions quiet.
Butter and Cheese uea*.
Eges off asain-
More Eastern Poultry here.
Navel Oranses very firm.
Mexl> an Limes lower
Prie<l Fruit flat as usual.
Provisions unchanged,
recreated exports of Barley.
Con'ee dull.
COINAGE OF fHE MINTS.
The three United states Mints now in operation
at Philadelphia. .New Orleans find >an Francisco
coined tho following description* of money during
the first eight months of the fiscal year:
Double eagles $39,734,360 00
Ragles 2.063.200 00
H»tfeagl°s 884635 00
Quarter eagles . 34,712 50
Hlverdo;lars 16,528.850 00
Half dollars 1.033,197 50
Quarter dollars 832, 50
Dimes 323.434 00
rive cent MX, 29 1 05
tents 227,43092
Total *«0.738,U'S 47
EXPORTS Of BAKI.KT.
Exports of barley from this port in February
w0re '.57.944 ctls, against '16.957 ctls in February,
1898. Forthe first two months of the year they
were 172.744 ctls. valued at $196, 200. against
288,646 ctlsat $341,300 :or the same time in lK9d
Explanation.
Tt« arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrM
St station Indicate maximum temperaturp for tb«
•ys: those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs, |
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soli'i j
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hick' 1 means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloud v weather and rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
roast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alon? the coast, rain is probable:
bat when the "low- is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
«nll*»oduce an opposite result.
'
I
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department ok Agrtccl
'tttre, Weather Euekad, San Francisco,
March 10, 1897, 5 p.m. The following are the
rainfalls for past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka this season . last season 32.01, oast
24 hours .33: Red Bluff 22.46, las', season 14.53,
past 24 hours .00: ban Francisco 20.69, last iea
sou 13.89. p»st 24 hours .00; Fresno 9.26, last
season 4.93, past 24 hours .00; San Luis Obispo
19.71, last be..son 14.61, pan 24 hours.oo: Los
Angeles 16.05. last season 7.87. past 24 hours .00;
San Diego 10.88, last season 5.64, past 24 hours
.00; Yuuja 5.31, last seas 'ii .88. past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 52,
minimum 45. mean 48.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
The pressure continues high over the southern
half of the Pacific Mope, a storm of considerable
energy lie« over Washington and Vaucouver. The
pressure, however, is above the normal, except
In the extreme northern pwt of Washington.
The temperature his fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region from Bto 10 degrees. Over the
Pacific Slope there has been but little change.
Light frosts are likely to occur Thursday morn
ing in low places.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Tatoosh, 60 miles per hour from the
northwest: Port Angeles, 28 west; Fort Can by, I
38 west; Portland. 28 southwest; Idaho Fails, 28
south, and Point Reyes, a 2 north-vest.
Forecast made at *an iranciscofor 30 hours
endintr at midnight. March 11, 1897.
Northern California—Fair 'j hursday, except in
extreme-northern p rtlon, where showers are
likely in the aiternoon; continued cool weather;
light north wester. winds fresh offshore.
Southern California—Fair Thursday; continued
cool weather: light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday: warmer north.
Utah — Cloudy Thursday; warmer Thursday
night.
Arizona—Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Thursday,
continued cool; fresh westerly w:nds.
Alexander McApik, Local Forecast Official.
>'£W YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.-During; the
last part of the session of the Stock Exchange to
day speculation was extremely dull and a number
of stocks were practically neglected. Still a firm
tone prevailed. At the opening Sugar, Jersey
Central and Manhattan ran off \Ma>'-';\ per cent,
but the decline In these issues had line effect on
. the remainder of the list, aud when Tobacco sud
denly moved up from 77y 2 to 79 the ear, frac
tional losses were recovered. Sugar sold up to
116i/g after the announcement that the directors
bad declared toe usual dividends. Western Union
also gained 3 /t. and New York Central Improved a
full point. Late in the aHernoon Missouri Pacilic
suddenly ran off 1/2 per cent, and Ruboer common
and preferred 2%(&3J& per lent. Missouri Pacific
■was considerably influenced by the heavy deficit
shown by the annual report, and Omaha common
declined from I t>.i /8 to 55%.
. Notwithstanding an advance in refined sugar
the stock lost v. part or the improvement ore
viously noted and closed only 1,8 above last
night's figures. Among the specialties Lon;
.Island dropped 3, while Pullman and Consoli
dated Gas each advanced ] per ient- speculation
closed steady In tone. Net changes in the usually
active shares were fractional. In the industrials.
Tobacco closed 114 hUher. Rubber dropped 2 and
tn»- preferred 3 /2- Missouri Pacific was also weak
and lost \\'a Total sales 981.Mai shares.
Bonds were lower; lt:e sales fooled up $879,000.
A merican spirits sixes fell 1 1,4: Chicago Gas fives.
%; Colorado Coal consolidated sixes, 14: Oregon
hhort Line Consolidated lives certificates, 34:
Standard Rope and Twine, 54, and Western New
Yor-i and Pennsylvania lirsis, 1. Union Elevated
sixes rose 1. St. Paul, Chicago and Missouri River
sevens brought 1131/jt against 115 tne last sal».
In (Government bonds coupon fours of 1907 sold
at 113 Vi« ' .*-
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low grades,
$2 30@2'35; do fair to fancy, $3 25®4 50; do
patents. $4 60(36; others unchanged: Minnesota
dear, 53 4003 90; do straights, $4@4 20; low
extras. $2 30@3 35; Rye mixture, $2 80@3 20;
superfine, $2@;2 80: fine. $1 95(42 25.
Southern flour, quiet. Common to fair extra,
83 20&3 50: Rood to iholce. $3 60@4.
Rye flour, dull, at $2 SOUi2 85.
CORNMEAL — Quiet, dull. Yellow western,
«160@l SO.
RYE—Dull. Western. 68c c. I. 1 Buffalo.
BARLEY-Qulet, firm. Feeding, 265/4 Cc. L T.
Buffalo.'
WHEAT— Spot market fairly active, weaker;
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfT St. Tel. Main 1054.
CK.VTHA I. OFMCK
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson
- Managers- Tel. Slain 5144.
Uptown Office— iiatdwiu Hotel (u<l jolninc Grill
..Room).. Tel. Main lo»l. -
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, .Manaijers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
latlons. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
CfiICAOU VIUVAX'* Vflß& ttttW YOBK.
r. o. !'. 843«<*: ungraded red, '70@85c; No. 1
Northern SoSgC.
Options, opened weak and declined %@lVsC
rallied Vie, him! closed steady at %@%o uuder
yesterday. May and July most active, _>o. 2 rea,
Maich. 81 %c; .May, 80S/ 8 c; July, 7«i,4C; Septem
ber. 751.3 c
COKN- Spots dull, easier: No. 2, 29>,4c elevator,
293,ic i.flea : ungraded lii.p. 27c; steamer mixed,
27c; \o. 3, 26c.
Options dull, weak at i4®B/gc decline: May and
July only traded in. Murcu, -9Vic; May, 29% c;
July. 3 Hi..
oats— spots dull, steady.
Options dull, weaker. May, 21Ssc: July, 221/gC.
Spo prices: No. 2 white, 24c: >o. 2. Chicago,
33c; No. 3. -'lc; No. 8 whte. ZSVfec: mixed West
ern,2l@2lV4; white do,- 23@30c.
Provisions.
I.ARP-Qniet. weak. Wester:) <t»»m. $4 30;
City, S?4; May, $4 40 nominal. Refined, dull; Con
tinent, »4 65; South American, $4H5: compound,
941 B (a4' k.
l-^x.K— .-steady; fairly active. New mass. $8 50
©9.
Kl'TTKli- Choice steady; fair demand. West
ern creanierr, 13«i19c; factory, 7@l^c: Eisrins,
J9c: imitation creamery. 10(&16c: rolls, B@l3c.
t'llEEsK- Moderately aciive. Western fresh,
113,4 c
TALLOW— Steady. City, 33/ c; country, 31/4@
'■A\nC. v'>;-.':-
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, ateadv. Crude, ".Oift
20% c; yellow prime, -■;', .j'3*J4c.
Kill)'- ■ Domestic. 33/ B @6c: Japan. 41/83
41 .1.
MOLAS3KS— Stead v. New Orleans. lp@3lc.
COFFEE— Steady: li)(isls points down. Murch,
$X 65: May, 58 56(0,8 HO; June, and July. *8 85;
ember. 98 6l(g,H .O. October and November,
$876; December, .?S 70(&H 75. Spot Rio, dull,
easy. No. 7, 9l,i@9S/sC.
SUGAR- Active; l:igher- Off A, 4 11-16@4y 8 c
9 Ib; mold A, 4f;gc; stand«rd A. 43 g c; confection
ers' A, 41 ie: cvi, loaf and crushed, sc; powdered
and cubes, 4fj^c; granulated, 43/ 8
1 ruit and Produce.
A TRICOTS— Bags. 9@lla
r>ACFK! — Unreeled, bags, 6©9 c; do Peeled,
boxes. 10@15c.
FKUNKS-Foursi7.es, 4Vic
RAISIN*— Two crown L. M.. 4Vic; three
crown, 695140; four crown, 6@6ViC; London
layers. SI 35481 40: clusters. $1 40461 70.
AiMONDa— Sou khell, ?@BVi>c: paper shell,
JOftir/c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c: do soft shell, 9c.
HUPS— Quiet: Pwclfic Coast, 3®l3c
WOOL — Firm, aemand moderate. Domestic
fleece, 16<g2Sc; pulled, lb@3lc: Texas. 7@il2c.
Merchandise. *
riOIRON Quiet. American. SlO 25@10 80.
COPPER-Duil. Lake. $11 85@12.
LEAD- Firmer. Domestic. -3 4U@3 45.
0 I>-Dull. Mraits, *13 404813 45. Plates,
moderate demand.
sl'tUtK- Quiet. Domestic, $4 10@4 16.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Tli.. March 10 —Business In the
wheat market was of a waiting mood to-day, pend
ing the Government report to be issue.l in the
afternoon. A late flurry was due to reports of
new complications in the Cretan difficulty, but
English consols and Liverpool wheat quotations
this morning did not indicate that the people on
that side of the water were much exercised. Con
sols were up an eighth, and wheat at Liverpool was
steady and unchanged. Receipts in the North
west continue libernl. 300 cam arriving to-day,
against '.'B3 last Wednesday and 325 a year ago.
Chicugo received sixteen cars and inspected out
75,y 22 bushels The market opened easy. rallied
and then sold off. Brads;reets reported a decrease
east of the Hocky Mountains of 1,215,000 bushe 3,
but gave no figures on European stocks. Closing
Continental and Knglish cables were lower. Ex
port clearances were light at 131,998 bushels.
May whe t openfd at 747 <t75c, sod between
7 41 /s@"- 11 /i c and 75J4.C, Closing at 743/ s @74ViiC,
•'*'" to %c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
lor to-morrow, 13 cars. No. 2 red. soot, wheat
ranged from s3i /4 o to b&%c, closing about 836/j}@
841/gC.
CORN— A slight appreciation in corn prices late
yesterday was mtributabie to the war scare which
arrived about the close, aud that having been
lulled over night, the market, opened th s morning
with tie advance lost. There was a fair trade at
the advance, traders having some short coin to
cover a firmer tone developing Receipts 138 cars.
Th"re were no withdrawals from store. Liverpool
cables were quiet and unchanged. Bradstrret's
reported a decrease in available stocK 0f37.,U00
bushels. Export clearances were liberal at 751.
--361 bushels. The break in wheat had a detrimen
tal effect on Corn. May corn opened at 24r(5245.' B e,
sold between 245' B !ai24^i.c and 241/8 C > closing at
L'4i-B@' ;41 4 C , %c under yesterday, Estimated re
ceipts tor Lo-morrow 130 ears.
OATS— The trade In oats early waj so light that
prices were but ightly altered, although the tem
per and feeling of he market was easy. Later as
o her grains dispiared a hardening tendency, oats
sympathized. Receipts were 378 cars, 'ihere
were no withdrawals fiom store. Near the close
recessions toon place, wheat and corn exhibiting
weakness. Export clearances were &. J ,OOO bush
els. May oats closed igC lower. Estimated re
ceipts for tomorrow ISO cars.
FLAX— Whs steady. Cash No. 1, 78i^c: North
western, 80c; May, 773i@~!«c: July. 79^c; Sep
tember. 81c. Receipts \v«-re six Cars.
PROVISIONS— A firmer but not :\ m ore ac.ive
provision market was had this morning. The. ho{
market was up 5 cents, with supplies n<hl. There
was lair buying by packers and other scattered
accounts. '1 be slump in grain at the end of the
session caused prov.sions to exhibit an easi r
tone. May pori closed J /jjC lower, May lard 5c
lower, and Mai ribs uncban-:e-l.
BUTTER— The demand for butter was slightly
Improved to-day, and a somewhat better tone pre
vailed in. the market. . .Receipts were heavy.
creameries— Extras. 18c: first*. lt@l7c; sec
onds, 14@15c; imitations, fancy, i3@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 100; firsts. H(iJlsc: seconds. 991Uc.
La dies— Extras, HCftl'Jc; nrsts. b! -©'JV a c; packius
nock. Be; grease, 3c; roll butter, luc.
EGGS— DuII and weak. Receipts large and the
demand slow. Gresh s ock luc per dozen.
MONEY— Was easy 4©5% on call and 6% on
time loans. New York exchange gold at 60c dis
count.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— March. 733/»@73y c: May, 745. @
73y 2 c; July, 71i/j(§.7is / 8c
CORN— March. 23V8@23y 4 c; May, 24y 8 ©
241,4 c: July, 253/ 'i
OATfa — Marcu, 15% c; May, 17y.c; July,
isy BC.8 C.
I'OKK-Sliy, $8 80; July, $8 421
LAKD-JUy, S4 10; Ju:y. $4 -JO.
lUBb-May. *4 40; July, $4 50.
Livestock.
I UNION STOCKYARDS, iii,; March 10. — As
was expected the advance in price of cattle Mon
day started a great many ihli way, and the re
celpis to-day were about 14.600, against 9540 last
Wednesday. For the first half of the week the
receipts foot up 33,450, as compared with 26.343
for the same period in last week, and 29,669 for
the corresponding time a year ago. An increased
supply caused a weaker feeling to-day, and sales
were slow with prices generally 10c under those
of yesterday. The advance In ho{ prices has
failed to stimulate the movements of country
shippers, and supplies are fallin; off instead of In
creasing. Feeders throughout the country are too
bullish in their views to sell freely, and the
wretched condition o; the country roals prevents
a great many shippers from sending stock to
market. Only about "20,000 head reached hers to
day, against 34,169 last WeJneßday, and the re
ceipts for the first half of the wees aggregated
75,650. as compared with 1<9.747 for the same por
tion of last week, 74,580 a year ago, and 109,951
two years ago. The market to-day was firm, and
prices advanced 5c per 100 rounds. The arrivals
ofshe»pfor the first half or the week foo. up 36,
--500 h«-:v< of sheep and lamb*, as compared with
37.819 for the same portion of last week, and 42,
--896 a year ago. The estimated run to-day was
14.000 head, and tra was fairly active at steady
prices.
CATTLE— Receipts. 14,500. Fancy Beeves, $5 10
@6 60; choice to prime steers, 83 OHMS 3U; good
to choice steers, $4 6l>@4 95; medium steers
«4 3;@*6o; fair beef steers, $4 00@l 25; com
mon beef steers. $3 7V(4,.i 95; good to prime stock
ers and feeder*. $3 90@t 25: common to good
do. S3 40{j£3 85: bulls, choice to extra, $3 50
(£3 75; do poor to choice, $J 23(5>3 60; cows and
heifers, choice to prime. S3 80@4 15; cows, fair
to choice, *2 75(§)3 75; do common to fair dinners,
SI 90@2 70; calves, good to fancy, $5 60@6 10;
do common to gooa, $ 1 50@5 60: Texas led steers,
lair to choice, $3 3S@4 25: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, $2 40@3 20; milkers and springe™, per
head, $25@45. .
Receipts, 25.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. S3 6003 85: common to choice
mixed. $3 65A3 86; choice assorted. S3 80®
3 90: light, S3 75@3 90 ; pigs. S3 40&3 90.
BHEKP- Receipts. 14.000. iaferior 10 choice,
?3 25(&4 30: lambs, S4@s 25.
I-eceiptß at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. .N'kbr.. March 10— HOOS-
Receipts, 3700. Market active and 6c higher.
Light and mixed, $3 65@3 85: heavy, S3 60@:s 66.
CATTLE— Receipts. 270 j. Market active. steady.
Steers, S3 30@3 40; cows, $1 50@3 65; feeders,
$3 25@4 45.
SllEKP— Receipts 3000. Market firm; quota
lions ordinary. Muttons, S3 86; lambs, 84 60.
NEW VOUK. STOCKS.
Bonds, I ichangp, Money and Railroad
Shares. . ■
Money on call easy at 1%@2%; last loan \y»%
and closing at i\' 7 %. Primp mercantile paper.
2%. Bar silver, 63% - Mexican dollars, 4954 c.
sierllug exchange may, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 8514(54 80 V 2 'or 60 days and
34 87@4 87Vi fordemand. Posted rates, S4 86V 3 (a)
4 88. commercial bills, $4 K404 85. Government
bonds firm; • Mate bonds firm; railroad bonds
easy. Silver easier.
CXCSINB STOCKS.
Am Tel «t Cable... b7 North American... 414
Atchlson ........... 11% Northern Padfls.., 13^
Preferred......... 23 Preferred. »7Va
Adams Express... l4B Northwestern 1063,;
Alton, Terre Haute 56 i Preferred .165
American Exoressll2 IN V Centra 1........ 8714
American Tobacco 78%'n* Y. Chicago&sili 12
Preferred ..; 106V 2 Ist preferred..... 60
Bay Bute 0a5..... IOV4' 2d preferred...... 27
more & Ohio.. ISVs'N.Y&N H........174
Brnnswicic Lands. 3/ B L\ V & New Eng... 87
Euffaio, Roch &P. 163/.X' V, Kusq <fe W.... :
Canada Pacilic 62 . I Preferred.. 25
Canada Houtnern.. 4 !>i/ 2 : Ontario ............ 10
Canton I>and. '.. 60% ' intario & Western 14 Va
Central Paciac... 101/4 :oreeonlmprovmai .
Cbes & 0hi0....... i 7l /ti : Prefe-red.....:...—
Chicago. Alton.... .l66 Oregon Navigation 11
Preferred. ..^....l72 I Oregon Short Lino. 15Va
Chicago, B & Q.... 76% Pacific MaU........ -25%
Chicago <fc B 1U.... 43 Peorui. D<fc Evans U/i
Preterred 90 rittaburg &\\ ptd, 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897
Chicago Gas.. 771 Pullman Palace.... 60 V
Clev»>ts 166V2 Quicksilver.. ■ 1.
Consolidation Coal, 3.* '| Preferred......... 10
Consolidated Gas.. 1521/21 Reading 25y 8
C C A til Louis... 27U, IMoGrande&WestD 12
Preferred......... 75 I 1 referred 38* A
Colo Fuel <$. irea.. 21 Hock 1 Bland .... 67.14
Preferred... '„:.... so !RomeW a t«OKden.ll7S4
Cotton Oil Cert....' 12 St W.. ....... 3iy 8
Commercial Cable. 150 ' Preferred.. 101/4
Del Hud50n. ...... .108*4 st Paul 77Vit
Del LackAWestrn. 154 I Preferred I3&8A
Denver&KG 10 Ibt Paul & Dulutb... T«
Preferred «OVi Preferred 90
Distillers.. 97 Si Paul «fc Omaha.. 5Bl /8
General Electric... 5!4% Preferred ........ 139
Krie..r..." .-.-.;...;. 14 St fW.<t M 116
Preferred.. 33 Sliver Certificates. 63Vi
Fort Wayne 103 southern Pacific... 14y a
Great Northern Did 120 fcouthern It li ...... 9
Green Bay Preferred. 27%
Harlem.. 393 Sugar Kelinery 115»i
UocklncCoul- . 4Vi J'referrea 104 V*
llockinc Valley... 4 Ter m Coal & Iron.. 271,4
Homestalce "5 Preferred bO
H & Texa* Central Texas Pacific 9
Illinois Central.... Si |Tol AA & N Mich.- —
lowa Central. tj 4 10l Ohio <fc Central 15
Preferred 24 I Preferred........ 60
Kansas A. Texas... 1:2 l A Tol «si Louis <fc X 0 6Vs«
Preferred 305/g Preferred......... IS
Kingston & Pena.. 3 Cnion Pacific *5 7 /s
Lake Erie & Westn 16 V P Den & Gulf.... 1%
Preferred 65^ U Cordage. —
Lake bnore 164 : Preferred. —
National Lead 24V* Guaranteed —
Preferred »l ,I" Express 36
LonglslanJ 45 jL'SLeather. 8
Louisville <& Nash. 49 1 l Preferred 594
Louisville.N AiDn/ ■ -! I." S Rubber ir < s /4
Preferred........ 1 1,4 Preferred 70
Manhattan C0n.... i i:iica <!t B River...
Memphis A Charts lit Wnb SL 4 Pacific. 6',«
Mexican Central... 8 Preferred l&^s
Michigan Central.. 83 Wella-Farga. ...... 100
Minn A S L | Western Union.... b3
Preferred — 1 Wisconsin Central. IV%
W Inn &St L com.. 18 j Wheeling & L£... 1%
Ist preferred 77 I Preferred 5Va
preferred ... 46 lAm Cotton Oil dW. 66
Missouri Paciflo... 19% W U Beef 6
Mobile & Ohio 20 , Ann Arbor 9
Nashville <fc chart. t>7Mi Preferred 23
National Unseed.. 12% Brooklyn Traction. 20i/%
NJ Central 93 1 /* Krle lid pfd.. 20
Norfolk <& W'eairn. 14 {American Spirits.. l'SVa
Prelenea 26 | Preferred 335/ 8
cxosix« EOXM
Ala Class A 4h-.... 104 .Northern Pnc 18t».H63/i
Do Class 84. ss. 104 | Do 'id- 66
Alabama, class C. 94 j Do 3ds. 83*4
Atchison in fc2Vi Lioconsols» .—
DoVMsA *b'>. or lmprovmnt lie, 86Vi
Canada South 2d5. 1041/,! Do 6s 18i/ a
Cen Paclstsof'9s.— - t> K£X ists. 118
Cherokee 1596. ! Doconsol as —
Do 1897 100 Or Short Line 63.. .117
Do 1898 100 Doconsol 75V»
Do 1899 100 Pacific 650*97....
Ches&Ohio 65....U0V* Phila<fe Reading 4s Hl'j
Ch&NPTr RctsSs 4-* Do Ist pfd in com. 45 3 /»
1) C 3-655. ll*9Vi R GrandeWest l»is 73
Den &R U 15t..;.. 112 St J.A irunM 74 1 /-!
Do «s 88 St L«tS FGen 85..1HV3
EH* 2ds 651 -.ISt Paul Cousols.... 13HVa
FtW&DenCity lsts 58 Ist PC& Pa lsta ..118
i> H&8 A6s 104 Ho Carolina 4i/as... 106
Do2d7s. S-5Va Southern X 05... 90
Gen Elec Deb 55... 96 i Do Pac Cal 15t5..107
H Tex Cent 65...10M^ Term new 3s 80
Do C on6s. 101 Texas Pac 15t5..... 89
Jowa Centralists.. 94 Texas Far 2ds 21H
Kansas Pa Consols 74V3:Uhion Pac Ists 98.101%
Ks Fa JJeuDivll6 jU «4s reg of 1925. 123^
La COll sol 4s. *ti\i.\ Do coupon l'^3y 3
Missouri funding... D 8 4s reg of 1907. 11l
MX T Ms. 69V 8 Do4s, coupon 11314
I>o4s fiihi Do2s 851/ a
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 67 Do6s. Reg 114
Mutual Union 65. .110 Dofrs. coupon 114
N J Cent Gen 65.. .1141/4 Va funding dcDt.. ti2V«
N VC<6stLouls4slos Do registered.
Nor A- West Gen 120 Do deferred 65... 5
N Carolina con 43.1021,2! Do trust rcpt s;p<l X
i>o6s 128 VVabash Ist 6s 107
JNoriijwestConaols. 1401^ West baux« 4»..,.. 106^4
■U- U«o £,«, 112 1
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IS I.IVEBPOOI*
LIVERPOOL, Enq., March 10 The spot mar
ket is steady at 6s7d@6s 7i^d. Cargoes are steady
at 3-s DJ, sellers, prompt shipment,
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March
6s 2i/ d; May, 6s 3»4d: July, 6s 31^1.
SECURITIES.
LONDON. K.srs., March 10.— Consols. 112 1-16;
silver, 'J9V4d; French Rentes, 102f 82i/ 2 c
KXCHAXOJt; AND BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $486
Sterling Exchange, sight — 488
Sterling Cables — 489'
New York Exchange, sight — lit
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15':
Fine sliver, per ounce — 636«
Mexican Dollars 60Va 61
PEODUGE MARKET.
WHEAT AND i.THEE GRAINS.
WHEAT -The market continues dull at the old
familiar values. Quoted at SI '25@1 S2y 2 «
ctl for common grades, $1 35@1 87 J£ 1* ctl for
average No. 1, 81 40 %* ctl for choice aiid $1 42%
(al 50 'if, Ctl tor extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— December—
4000 ctis, $1 17.
.-mono Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 35; 2000,
$1 34%; 2000. $1 84%. December— 2ooo, $1 17.
itKUI'LAR Morning session— May— lo,ooo CIX
SI 3OA- 8000,*. :<4i/ 8 December-20J0, $1 17.
ajtkesuos Session — Jjecember— V!ooo ctls,
$1 17^: 2000, *i lT^i: 2000. *1 177/ 8 ; 4000,
81 18. May— $1 0434.
BARLEY— Dealers report a neglected, weak and
nominal market. Feed, 72iA@77J,<oC %i ell; Brew
ing, 87y 2 @92i/ 2 c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sa cs.
Regulak Mobmno >essiojt— No sales.
AFTERNOON session— Ma V— 2ooo CllS, 7234.C;
2000,73 c
OATS— The little business Is of a local and retail
character. Milling are Quotable at $1 26@1 30
i*ctl: Fancy .Feed, SI 32i^@l 33 %* ell: Com
mon White, $1(<$1 10; good to choice, $1 15®
1 30, according 10 quality; Black for feed, 95c@
$1 OS; for s^ed. SI 20@l 30: Gray, $1 lo@l 25;
Red, $1 10@l 20; feurpnse, $1 40@l 50 * ctl.
CORN— Nothing doing The tendency In prices
is downward. large Yellow, 80@8'<ii/|C; Small
Round do, 95@97y c; White, 80@82lAc i* ctl.
RYE- Is weak at 80@85c ?>.ctl.
.BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 16@1 25 H CtL
FLOCK AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family, extras
$4 85@4 95: Bakers' extras, $4 76@4 85; Super
tine S4@4 36 >. bbl.
COKNMEAL. ETC. — Feed Corn, 817 60@18;
Cracked Corn, $18@18 50 f* ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are us follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham lour. 82 86
V 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 82 50 $ 100: Rice Flour,
$5 75; Cornmeal, 82@2 26; extra cream do, $2 75;
Oatmeal, *3 50; Oat Groats, 84; Hominy, $3 10
@3 «0; Buckwheat Flour, $3 25@3 50; Clacked
Wheat. 83 60; Farina, 84; Whole Wheat Flour,
$3; Rolled Oats (bbls). 84 76@)5 16; Pearl Barley,
S3 7&&4: Split Pens, $3 60; Green do, $4 25 «t
100 lbs. „__
HAY ANJU FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SI 2 60@13 for the best and til 50@12
%". ton for outside brands. •
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades and
$19 60@20 60 %i ton for the best.
FKEDSTUFFB — Rolled Barley, $17@17 50-
Oi cake Meal a: the mill, 826 60 > ton; jobbing,
827 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 @1 50 '* ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $8®11: Wheat and Oat, 87®
10: Oat, $6@9: Barley, $7<aß 60: River Barley,
Ss@» 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 50: compressed, $6®
9 50; Ktock, 85&6; lover, 86@8 %4 ton.
BTRAW— 2s<g>soc '& bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
BEANS — Bayos. $1 50@l 65 ■$ ctl: Smail
Whites, $1 10@l 20 %>. ctl; Large Whites, $1(«
1 15; Pin-is, $1 10@l 25; Reds, 81 10@l 25;
Blackeye, $1 25@1 35; Red Kidney, $2 26: Limas,
$1 iH)(a,'2: Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, 81 10® 1 30.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 82 50652 75: Ye low
Mustard, 81 75@2 $ ctl: Flax, $l~50(ttl 60: Ca
nary >-eed, l%@2V*c * 1b; Alfalfa, 614 c; Rape,
2i/2@2S / i,c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, *VgC.
DRIEu PEAh- Nlles 8101 20 '<£ ctl; Green,
81 -in .;. 1 50 9 Ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONs, VEGETABLES.
Vegetables show some fluctuation, but Potatoes
and Onions are unchanged.
POTATOES— New - Potatoes, 3@4c?ltt>; Sweet
Potatoes, $I@l 76 according to quality: Earl Rose,
«6(a.7.')c; River Beds, 70($80c; Burbank Seedlings,
60t070c $ ctl lor Rivers, 90cfg.$l 10 for Salinas and
6!%Sl»c lor Petalumas; Oregon iJurbanks, 75(»
$1 05. .
ONIONS— SI 50@l 75 1* ctl; Cut Onions, 76c®
$1 25; Oregon*, $1 &o@2
VEUiiTABLES— Mushrooms are quotable at
10®12V 2 i- %* lb: Kg? Plant, : Hothouse Cu
cumbers. 60c@$l 25 '■$, dozen; Asparagus, bc^ tb
for common and 10@lSc for choice: Rhubarb,
81 ■-';'• 1. 1 75 "% box; Los Angeles bummer Squash,
%* box: Los AngelesOreen lVppers, : Mar
rowfat Squash. 85@t> f» ton : Los Angeles TomHtoes,
76c@$l %t box; Dried Peppers, 7c "$> tb; Green
Peas, 2y 2 @sc: Los. Angeles String Beans, 10®
I 2y 3 c; Dried Okra, B@9c %4 lb; Cabbage, 40@50c
¥ cil; Carrots, -s@3uc ft sk; Garlic, V/ 2 @2c lb.
BITTBU, CHEESE AND EGGS.
, BUTTER— The weakening tendency continue*.
Cbkamery— Pancv creameries, 18c; specials,
19. seconds, lr@l" Vie ¥* lb. .
Dairy— Fancy, li@lsc $ ft; gooa to choice,
13r013y 2 c; lower grades. lii@l2y a c. '
led— l3c * It for old and 15c %* Vb for new.
Firkin— lßc * lb for old and 15c %» lb for new.
> hi vmkhv Tub— l6®l7c %4 lb. . • >
CHEESE- Choice mild new, 7 V 3 @Bc: common to
good, e@7c ?> tb: Cream Cheddar, iO@llc; Young
America, fe©9c: Western, lie: Kasiern. J4@lsc.
KGGS— Kecelpts are 'larger and the market Is
easing off again. Ranch Kggs, 12@13c; store
Bggs, ll@l2c > doz: Duck Kegs, 15c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
; . POULTRY— More Eastern will be offered to-day.
It is selline at $5 60 lor young Roosters, $4 50 lor
Hens, $3 50@4 for old Roosters ami $5 for Fryers,
In lociil stock .Ducks and youDs? Roosters are
higher. Dressed Turkeys are scarce and firm.
Live Turkeys, 14(g,15c «< Ib lor Gobblers. 14C(815c
"ft tt< lor Hens: Dressed Turkey«, 16@)9c *. n>-
Cieese, %* Dair. $1 60@l 75; Ooslines. fa 60@3:
Ducks. «4 5()(g,5 for old and »7@B' for young;
Kens, f3(a)4 f, dozen: Roosters, youne, $5 60@B:
do. old, 93 50; fryers, «5 5036: Broilers. *4 50
©5 60 lor large and $3 50@4 for small; Pigeons, ,
■ . ■ .
! $:> ?n^3«dozforyouncand $1 25@1 60 for old.
GAME -Hare. 7flc@U: Rabbits, *1 50 for Cot
j luuutils and $I@l 2f> for small.
I>ECIDUOUS AM> CITRUS FRUITS.
| Letters from the south say that stocks of choice
Navels are getting well closed out there and this
market accordingly rules . firm. Limes are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— >'■':-- - ' _, „.
Apples, SI 60@2 V box for choice and $l@i to
for cuminon. • : Kli .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at »2 25@3 %* box: Seedling*. 76c®$l 26 > £ box
Lemons, 6 'c(S*l for common and »i,/ o ®^.. lor
good to choice- Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Califor
nia Limes. 75c: Bananas, $I@2 '«* uuuch: Pineap
ples, if .:<; -1 '0 do/.. ■ ■■ :■ ■■• .'
DKlJil) i-KIITS, 1. A I -.INS, NUTS, JETC.
DRIED FKUITS— Quotations are nominally as
follows: Peaches. 4«-.@6y fancy. 6@6y 3 : peeled.
10@12y a c. Apricots; 6V2^BVai-; MoorparK.. 10®
lie; evaporated App es, n%c: sun-dried. 23 / i@3c;
Prunes. 2y.>ftS3c for the 4 size*: Figs, black, out:
white Flits. liiA<a4c: Plums. 4@sc for Bitted and
l@V!c for unpitwd: Nectarines. 4@dc * Ib tor prime
tO'.faucy. Fears, 2-V*@4c for whole, 2y 2 @sc »or
quarters and 3@4c for halve*. .
RAISIN*—
Carload Prices — Four-crown, loose. SS/ c:
three-crown, 43/ c?» Ib; two-crown. 3%c V lb;
seedless Sultanas. o'/jc: seedless Muscatels, 4S/ c;
three-crown London 'layers. $1 16; clusters, $1 M):
Uebeaa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters, $3;
I dried Grapes. 3c "$ tb. • ■--'■-■..''.':."
Jobbing Pricks-Wan Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5«4c; 3-crown, 434c;- 2-crown. 3 :< /4 c; seed
less Sultanas, 68.4 c; seedless Musca.ela, 4y 2
H-crown London layers, 81 25; clusters, $1 60:
Debesa clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 25.
N UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8®10c; Walnuts
6Vis@7c %i lb for standard and 9®9V 2 c '# Ib for
sot.shell: Almonds, f@6MiC for Languedoc, 3(j4
Sy 2 c for hardshell und»(s9c <fc Ib for papershell;
Peanuts, 4@6c $ tb for Kastern and 4c for Call
fornia: Hickory Nuts. S@6c "$ Ib; Pecans. 7y.@
Bc^!b: Filberts, 7y 2 @Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 (sßc;
Cocoanutg, $fi@s 60 %* 100.
HONEY— 10@12y 3 c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6@6y 8 o:
light amber extracted, 4y 3 ©4» / *>:; dark amber, 49
4! ...•: daric, 2@3c ft tb.
BEESWAX— 22@26c ? Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BUjC Ib for heavy, 7c
V&> for light medium. 9y 2 c for light, 10c 9lb for
extra light and IIV3C ft Ib (or sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, ll@l2Vac; California
Hams, 10(a»10i/ 2 f: Mess Beef, $7®7 60; extra
mess do, $Bi'a-8 SO: family do, $9 50@10; extra
prime Pork. .*: 50*38: extra clear. $16 bbl;
mess, $14 9 bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c V* lb.
LARD— t-astern tierces is quoted at 63/ic for
compound ana >> i . i (a.']^ < c. for pure; palls, 7Vio;
California tierces, 1 ♦■.*•'• s / 4c for compound and
6yi@Hi/ic fo<- pure; Uuli-bbis, 7c; 10- Ib tins, 7y a c;
do, 5 tb, 78^0 ?» v,. :■ «■>;• ••,••.•
COTTOLKNK— SVa@S!Vio In tierces and 7%®
8i /8 c In 10-lb tins. _ . '■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
BIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers are quot
able at 8c %i Ib; medium, 7c %* tb: light. 6@6y 2 c;
Cowhides, 806 ■■;.(■; suited Kip, 80 i* lb: salted
Calf. 7@Bc: Halted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 12i/a<»
13c; culls and brands, 9>>4@loc 'rH Ib; dry Kip and
Veal, 9@loc; dry Calf. 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
25c 9 Ib; medium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlinits, lU(s2oc each; short wool, 26@36c
each: medium, 30@45^ each; long wools, 40@60c
each.
T ALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3i40 Ib: No. 2
2y 2 c: refined. sc: Grease, '_'•■ "5* lb.
WOOL— Ban Joaquln, 4@6c; Eastern Oreco n , 7a
10c $ Ib. :■--:' :^~ W
HOPS— 6(^Bc for fair to choice and 9@lo c V- Ib
for fancy. . ..-"J^^
GKNERAL MERCHANDISE,
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc: June-July
delivery, 6ygc; San Quentln, be, Wool Bags, 24i/s
@26V2<\
COAL-Wellington, $8 $ ton: New Wellington,
SB per ton; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 ¥» ton-
Seattle, »6 60: Bryant, 85 50; Coos Bay, ft 75
'*a ton; Wallsend, $6 50 9 ton; Cumberland,
(13 50 9 ton In bulk and -915 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg. $11@12 %i ton; Welsh
Anthracite, 38(^10: Canuel, $8 > ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60-
Coke. SIK&DI2 In bulk and .+l3 > ton in sks.
COFFEE— C. E. BlcKford's circular gives the re
ceipts at this port thus farthlsyearat 22. 580 bags,
asalnst 26 021 durln: the same time in 1896. The
salt- s from first hands were 15,538 bags, against
15,297. The stock on hand March 1 was 8448
ba^s, against- 9H53 bags March 1. 1890. The
world's visible supply .March 1 was 3,9J3,234
ba^s. against 3,011,655. The circular says: "The
condition of the market has not improved either
in values or volume of business. Although arrivals
are light and stocks in both first and second hands
rather below the average, the poor demand from
the interior and uncertainty as to the future offers
little encouragement to local dealers, who continue
to buy in the most sparing and careful way. Tna
rand markets appear to be In about the same
condition as our own and shipments have been
very light To-day's stock consists of 694 Costa
Klca, 1746 Salvador, 8066 Guatemala and 2v>d6
I Mexican— in al 12.772 bags, as against, 12,507
i same lime last year." We quote:
Costa Rica— l9@2oc f> Ib for good to prime
! washed; 1 B@l9c for good; 17&17 %v for good mixed
j with black beans; 16(g)17c fur fair; 10Va(S*14c nom.
j for common to ordinary.
('alvaiob- l'ty^fflilS^c V Ib for good to prime
I washed; 16@17c lor fair washed; 18Vz@19y 2 c for
! good to prime washed peaberry ; 15@lsi.4c for su-
I perior unwashed; 14Vic for good unwashed; 17Va
©18c for good to prime unwashed peaberrr.
GUATEMALA AND Mkxicak— 2U®2lc ft Ib for
prime to strictly prime washed: 19@19%c for
1 good to strictly- good washed: l6i/%(ajlBV2C * Ib for
■ fair washed: 13V&@15y 3 c for medium; ll@l3cfor
ordinary; B@lo3i.c for inferior to common; l9Vi@
2OV3C for good to prime washed peaberry; 17Va@
18c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
SUiiAß— The Western Sugar Keflntng Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube an 1 Crushed, 5%c:
Powdered, sV*'-: Fine Crushed, s*/ic; Dry Granu
, lated, 4Vsc: Confectioners' A, 4^gc: Magnolia A,
4 Vie: KxtraC, 4V a c; Golden C. «c; half barrels
' ,vj more than barrels and boxes Vac more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stoolc from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF- First quality, 6c; second, s@sy a c; third
do, 4@4i / 4,c ft Ib.
VEAL,— Large, 6@6c; small, 6@7c ft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6y c; Ewes, 6y ®6c
it !?..
LA MB- Spring, B@9e V Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3y 2 @a%c V Ib for large and
Sy B @4c for small and medium; dressed do, 434
©6C *
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or sits.... 3.986 liuiwr. «!•..._ 658
Wheat, ctls. 3.210 Übeese. cua.. <M , 166
Earley. ctl»...^. Vi.365 Km, d0i.... .„ 16,590
Beans, rici ....^. 380 Hiaas. n0.... 264
Oats, ctls. 380 I'elt*. bdls. ..., — 30
Potatoes, sm,._ 1,520 1 VVlds. gals... .^. 26,700
Oregon 90 i Wool. bis 147
Onions, •*»...„. 279! Paper, ream*.. 2,000
Bay, tons.. _ 230 i Vainer. rm. . ... 72
Bran, sits 912 j Powder, cases.... 16
Middlings, sic*,.. 686
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Wiiford H. Williams to Mary McQualde, lot on
siine of McAllister street, 52:6 E of Octavl*, E
28:8 by 8 70; $10.
Lazarus Shapiro to Johannes Schmidt, lot on
s\V corupr of Twenty-first and Folaom streets, 8
65 by W SO; $10.
Charlotte is. Playter and Grace P. Johnson
i I'liiy ti-ri to Edward \V. Mo( arthy, lot on N line
of .Mr a II s;er street, 87:6 Eof Lark 10,£50 by N
137 :«; $10.
William and Delia T. Doggett to Mar? a Moul.
ton. lot.on N£ line o' Laneton street, 80 SW of
iolsom. KW 28 by NE 80: 810.
Matthew Madigan to Unite i Undertakers' Asso
ciation, all interest in lot 19, Hummer street (on X
line of summer street, '260 SE of Howard, 8E 26
by NE 68): SI 16.
C. F. Adams to John T. Cairnß, lot on E line of
Mississippi street. iOO s> of Nlnteenth (Butte), 8
60 by E 100 $10.'
Marram Km -,»ti to Martin Pbelsn, lot on E line
of Tennessee street, 60 S of Sierra, 8 60 by E 100:
$10.
John ana Ada M. H>nkel to Charles Murphy, lot
on W line of Twenty-flftb avenue, 300 8 of Clem
ent street, s 1!5 by W 130; $10.
Ann & Ladd to John N. Lofstad, lot od E line of
Thirtieth avenue, 260 a of I street, 8 50 by E 120;
$10.
John V. siif'iiar Jr. to Morris Wilson, lot on S
line of Eighteenth street, 76b W of Douglass, W
25 by 8 121: SlO.
-an c to Isaac Finkelsteln, lot on S line of Eigh
teenth street, 783 W of Duusflass, W 25 by S 1*1;
$10.
J B. Bacon to Rlenzl Hiu-hea, lot on \V line of
Jules Bvenue, a 26 N Of Ho.loway, N 76 by \V
112:6, Lakeview; $10.
-MaricHtet and Frank Mnyo to William Corbin,
lou 55 and 56, block 123. map of subdlv.sion of
block 123, Suunyslde Addition 1; $10.
William and Aggie E. Corbin to i.Miio Conklin,
same: $10.
Thomas Phillips to Mary G. Phillips, lot on NW
line of Arlington, 163 NE of Roanoke, NE 50 by
NW 100, lot 7 block 7, Fairmount Tract; $10.
W. M. Elsom to J. C. McKenzie, lot on H line of
San Jose avenue, 70 X of Sherman, E i>o by * 1 2b.
portien of lots 4 and 5, block 6, West End 2; $10.
Jeremiah Driscoll to K. U O Loghlan, lot 9,
block P, Parlc I.ane Tract 4; $10.
Louise Hobertj to Willard P. Martin, lot on SE
corner of Madrid street and silver avenue, 8
112:3, X 100, M 180:8, W 1^0:7, lot 1, block 33,
Kxcelslor Homestead Association; also lot on .\E
corner ot India avenue and Madrid street, N 150
by E 100, lot 2, block 33. same: $10.
Wiliaici p. and Lillian F. Martin to Emanuel
Lewis, same (two pieces); $10.
M. a. Mel*r to Wil lam Nlcol, lot 1, block 149,
South *an Kranciacolllomestead and Railroad As
sociation: grant.
•-' A LAMBDA COtTNTY. ' .' V '^;
Uhrisilau Kchrieber to Auguste E. Schrieber, lot
on s\v corner. of Lincoln and- Willow streets, 8
30:61/4 by W 90, block A, Toland Tract, Oakland;
gift. .-....•■.-,•■ .:,-.: ■:■;■■
Same to same, lot on S line of JBncoln street, 90
\v of Willow. \v 37:6 by H 135. being lot 18 and
portion of lot 17,' block A, Toland Tract, Oakland;
gift. ;•. .-,.., "....• .;.■■■:.; .. ■ .; . ..'• ,-
Name to same, - lot on "W line of Willow street,
65:6% Sof Lincoln, H2B:SV& by W 80, block A,
Toand Tract. Oakland; eift. •
same to same, lots 17 and 18, block 687, Cas
serly Tract, Oakland: gilt. ;:
Mark N. and £ len G. Llndley to Union Savings
Bank, lot. 39, > map of the 'lempleton Tract, Kast
Oakland; $10. .. •.-..:.. ,^ •
An onto aud- Anna C. Avila to J. Bt.-ttencourt,
lot on \V line of BliaUuck, avenue, 126. i1l N of
Merced avenue, N 86, W to W boundary line of lot
14, block B, resubdlvislon of Bramaglm Tract:
tt>«nco s to a point which would be Intersected by
aline drawn W from point of beginning, and par
allel with Merced avenue; thence E to beginning,
being portion of lot 14, b.ock r, resubdivision of a
portion of Brumagim Tract, Oakland Township:
$— . .- .: : ■-• ■ ■-•■ ..-•;. ■ .- .
Frederick D. and Ellen G. Butterfield to L. F.
(heseorough, lot on E line ot Telegraph avenue,
90 Bof Dorant, 840. by E : 110, being portion of
lot 1, block 10, College Homestead Tract. Berke
ley, quitclaim deed. ; ■ ■ :
F. A and Julia A. King to G. L. Fit*, the N 100
feet of ot V, block 1, Clapp Tract, Berkeley; grant.
Klcnora Gray Itankin to K. L. Fitz, lot on SE
corner of College way and Henry street. E 45 by
S 100, being the N 100 feet of lot 9, block 1,
same: $1. , ' •
G. L. Fitz to same (wife of O. L.), same; gift,
'■eury a. and Christine S. Pleitner to Carl
Relnecke, lots 29 and 3' 1 , reaurvey of Hogan's re
subxiivision of lots 22, 23 and 24, Kingsland Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $10. ■ ■ ' ■. ■
Gerard A. and Carrie E. Bailly to Edwin Chine,
lot 7, block D, Map of subdivision lots D and E,
Champion Tract, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Town
snip; $150. ' .
Frederick and Catherine Hofleng to .lames and
Catharine Roche, lot on N line of I aylo. street,
130 Wof Campbell, W 60 by N 190, bock 700.
Oakland; $10.
James and Catharine Roche to Florence T. Sav
age, wife of T., same, Oakland; $10. .
John M. and M. T. Eugllsti to J. H. Simpson,
lot on line of Thirty-second street, 100 w of
Telegraph avenue, W 37.40, « 110.20 to N bound
ary line of Rowland Tract, thence X 37.68, B 108
to beginning, being W portion of lots 1 and 2, black
2043, Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
J. H. and Agnes A. Simpson to Mary G. Rieaer
iwifeof A. A.), same, Oakland; $10.
Paul Lohse to Mary J. Lohse. lot on 8 line of
Grand avenue, 190 E of Webster, E 200 by s 10/,
lot 17 and port on of lots 16 and 18, Boulevard
terrace, Oakland; $5. - '
Builder* Contract.
Julius Rlemer with Louis M. Weissmann. all
work, except plumbing, for a two-3tory frame
building on southwest corner of Greenwich and
Jones streets, $3440; W. H. Armitage. architect.
THE STOOK. MARKET.
The lending stocks were weaker yesterday, espe
cially on the afternoon call, except Hale A Nor
cross, which waa run up to f I under a demand for
the stock, owing to the annual eleciion, an account
of which appears elsewhere.
Potosl is assessed 20c
The J nlliou delinquent sale takes place to-day.
The joint Confldeuce, Challenge Con. and Con.
Imperial west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel
is now out 998 feet, 14 feet having been made dur
ing the week ending March S. The face shows
porphyry.
The yield of the Confidence mine during the past
week amounted to 8 raining carloads of ore, the
average top car sample of which assayed $21 69
per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the week
ending March 6 amounted to 6 carloads of ore, as
saying $53 55 per ton. This ore was extracted
from small seams in the north drift on the 900
le el.
On the 1100 level of the Caledonia mine the
southwest drift haa been extended 9 feet during
the week through porphyry, clay and seams of
quartz. Total length of drift, 114 feet, past east
crosscut 1.
BOARDWALKS.
Following were the sales In the San Franolsoo
tock Board yesterday: r \ j-.-
RFBDUB MORN-INS SESSION. , ohm isi 9:30.
100 Andes-. ..21 100 Ch0ir. ..1.061200 F0unt .....41'
200 Belcher.. .20 400 CCAV...1.b6;200 b NT 30
209Ca1eda....1-. llOUOphir. 9t|
iFTEBNOOS SESSION"— 2:30. '
200 Andes 100 V...1.60 300 N v Qa.,.10
50 B &£.... 74500 HAN 88 ISO Ophir 96
200 8u1110n....1. ,300 ......87 200 P0t051....86
100 Choir ....98 300 ............90 160 Savage.... 33
200 9b 1060 ...... 9& 100 8 Nev....28
10J C P01nt....21 100 Mile. 28 200 t JaoJU.,2B
100 .. '22 ■_. .I .
Following were the '»«» in the Pacific Stock
X card yesterday:
KKGtTI.AR RKRSION—
400 Alpha. ....05 65b CCAV...1.65 800 Mexican.. SO
200 Alt* 03 iOi> Conn 9t i '0 Occd 09
200 Andes. .—2o 1600 <: Imp ..01 *0J Onhlr 9)5
300 Belcher. ... 20 200 CrwnPt..2l 100 Potoal 40
«50 BAB 75 200 MAC 33 300 39
600 8u11i0n.... 11 200 HAN 84 500 (Savage.... .14
200 Caled li 300 .......82 iOJ t>K»v SO
300 Ch11nge... 39 100 Ju1ia.. ....0. 1 - 100 Btnrd... 1.66
700 Chollar. 1.00 2000 1. Wash ..in SOU Union 31
400 .......1.02' a tOO Ny Qn....09 -00 32
300 ...: 700 -....10 25J X J0*k....29
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:30. !
303 Andes •-<) -M CU*V. I.SS 200 0cc1dt1....07
10D Belcher... 18 200 1.521 250 Ophlr 96
200 HA B 7& 1000 V Imp. ..Hi 3JO P0t051 . . . . 38
1700 Bullion.. ll 200 C Point. ~2t JO) Miva«e....33
800 Ca1eda....12 200 UAC 3- 400 8 Key. 29
200 ChalUe...37 300 HAN 86 100 81drd...1.65
40J Ch0ir.. .1.00 300 Mexican. . 2f 300 C010n..... 31
*30 99 400 ......2h tfOU V J««..,...28
60 Cona 400 Ny Qn 101
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 10 4 r.'u. >
jßiif.AtAed. ■ ~ St<t. A*fc**-
SirT::::: S SJfer^: °* II
Ande5.'.'......-. 20 21 Kemnot ...„ 01 12
Belcher ...;.«. 20 21 Mexican _ 28 . 30
Best & BelOHec 76 . 7 Nevada Qaeaa. (6 —
BentonUoa... 12 —Occidental..... 08 09
Bullion — 10 11 0ph1r,.... ...... VI 98
Caledonia. 12 13 Overman...... n-.i 10
Chollar 1.00 1.06 f0t0aL. ;...;.« 37 38
L'on.Cal(ftVa,..l.66 1.60 •■savage. ._ 33 34
Challenge Ooa. 38 39 Scorpion... — 04
Con. Imperial. — 01 -eg. Belchae... — 06
Confidence.... 94 95 silver Hill . 01 12
Con New Yor< — 1)2 sierra Nevada. 2b 29
Crown Point.. 21 22 standard 1.66 1.70
KattSlerraNtr — ti 1 Syndicate. .„. — 04
.hurelcaUoa... — 35 Union (J0n..... 31 32
Exchequer.... 02 US Utah. .......... 06 06
bouiudtuurrr. 34 351 » cilow j»««et. US 29
MM«<k<Hiurcn. 94 06 .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 10 -2 P. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS. . ' '
Jit*. A.ikea.l . : JiUt. Jitkat.
rß4a cexiD.liaVk - a B rag... 10W Xl»y%
Do new las 23 — | V.-1.---
UIScF.LI.ANKOrs BONDS. '
Cal-stCbleßs. 112 — OalcUas 65.. — 104
CalKlecL 65129 180^ Vo 2d is 6a...109Va110V4
CntraCW6s 96 •« Omnibus 65.. lai^l'JS
l'pnt-stex-cp — 87V4 PAO By as. - 113
fcdsn L&.P 651298,1,130 PdtCh By 6s. 100 103
l-.tCH Hit 6s 1043/4,1 06 Pwl-st KR6SII3 118
Gearr-st RBsllO 103 Beno, WUL — 105
M C<fcSbV%s.lO3 — bacto P L. — 100
LosAngL6i fl2V 3 100 SFANPRS*.. 10) —
DoOnteed6s — 102 bPRRArizSs 92% 94^
il«:t-3tCble6sl22Va — luPßKUalos. ' — IjO^
DoKyCon b5.104V«104» / i — 100
Nat Vines Ist — iOO ><PBrRCal6». 98 . 9Sh'i
Nevc.\'sK7s.lOS 105 BVWater6s.ll7 —
:> KyC»l 61.100 y a - |s>VW"ater 4s. 1008/ 101^
X L»i 04. - 95 |stktnLMtJ£tM eß\ a loo'.,
■*'ATITR STOCKS.
Contra costs S8y 2 Sprng Valley > 8814 98>4
MarlnCo..... 4tss/ 4 01^1
: V • «AS AND KLKCTRIO 9 TOOK*. •
Capital. - 30 Pacific Light 49% -
Central 98Vj| — S F G*Elec. 96% 97
M Kleo Light 8% 9 ' San Francsoo 2 - v 1..
Oak UL&U 53:; 4 64 V a StOCJCMa — 80
Pao Imp 9^Va 93 Vs
:^.^>V TNHUKANI'ie BTOOKI.
rireman'sFdlSO — 1......
COMMKBCIAG BARK UTOrjICt.
Anglo-Ca1....- 60 — First Nation! 181 186
Bank of Cal.. 2351/2 — t.ondonP&A.laß —
Caiati(feTColo73/ 4 — MercnEx.... li —
"AVISOS BANK STOCK*. '
Oerß£LCo..l3oo — Sav&Loan.. . 105
HumijStL.UUM — Security.... ..2so —
Mutual 37 — Union Xruat.lt 51 —
bfbuv Union — 475
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 — OaltSti<fcHay _ ion ■
Qeary-5t...... 38 46 Presidio. .... «I/ a 9
Market-at.... 43% »«% . >/?.:;..;
>•!.».„ STOCK*. •' V;
Atlantic D... 16 17 C 00.... 32% S3
California.... 87y ll0 Vlgorlu....^. — 95c
KusternK.... 79 82i/ 2 |
UlNC<r\,l,A\ KTOCKt. ' ■ ' ■
Alaska Piers. 1018/ 104 NatVinOo.. _ '* 7V4
Uer Lead Co. m> 1O(» (JceanlcSSCo 24 26
HawC&SCa. 17s/ a 17 Vi Pac AuxF A —4
Hutch a POO 26% 26 PacßoraxCa — 92
MetKxAsau.. — 110 |ParfPalntCo — 1
If OBNINO SESSION.
Board—
225 Hawaiian Commercial „.'...„;... 17 60
-25:- do do ;......... 17 6uu.
140 8 F Gas A Electric C 0... :.... 96 76
IB 8 V Water.... .:......... »8 60
6000 8 FA N P Hallway 80nd5........ 101 00
BALKS— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— ■ -f > ■• = .;:■>'-,,
30 Alaska Packers' Association. 103 60
10 Giant Powder Con :.. 82-75
25 do do .. "".".". ' 32 621,%
25 Hawaiian Commercial 17 50
125 do do ....-...-...•...;. ; • 17 87^4
90 Hutchioson 8 Co. ..........; 15 75
50 do do .-. "," „''< 25 87! A
60 Oakland Ga5................ . 64 00
■ 90 B F Gas A Electric C 0..'..... ........ 96 75
26 do do c-; ...._ ....;... '._.... 96 82%
6 • F Gaslirbt ...."...- 200
6 V Water ~ V 8 50
80 do no 98 2ft-
Ftr«»n_ ""'.: •:■■■■■.'•
20 Alaska Packers' Association 103 50
»5000 SF AN P Railway 80nd5........ 101 00
■ ♦ — «■
HOTEL ARKIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
D M Stewart, Crows Ldg Mrs E Richardson, Cal
J Latnrop <fe w, Cal W P Hammatt, N V
F Srhomeek, NY JH .speakman, Phlla
8 H Cheda, San Rafael B L Baryey, Hanford
F >v Ward, Visalia W H McM"inn, San Jose
II Freedenthdl, Portland T Maclay, Petaluma
J M Miller, Oregon A Hewnb, Modesto
F W Wilmans, Cal R c Terry. Clayton
F H Busby, Concord a C Irwln A w, Cal
J!> Thompson, Salinas G B Clark Aw, Cal
Mrs E B Chase, Marysvle G Ellis, Stockton
V B Cornwall. Sac W Mills, Portland
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs X Thom»s, Empire R Crowe <fe w, HL O
MrsDE JlcNetn, Empire T Gardner, i-acto
D Morrison, Bt l.nuls B A Hawklot «fe w, Cal
11 HiHrkrrar, NY J B Walter* A w, Wash
A Johnson A w, Cul B Abemlth A w, Ariz
J Smith <& w, --oiioma G E Murxlev Aw, Ohio
J 0 Wara, Vallejo W H Markley, Ohio
A Brown, Vallejo R A Barton, Ariz
J L Dodge, Sonora p a Bart«m, Ariz
T Emerson, Pan Jose Mtss B Doollttle, N V
J Edward*. Salinas Miss X Dooli i.o, N V
S T Howard, Salinas X P Horton, Chicago
R McDougal.Greenwood X Cazeretto, Mexico
P Baker, Watsonvilie H Nolan, Mexico
H Walker, Los Angeles
LICK HOUSE.
P & Murphy. Phlla M A Mayer, N V
If S WenJt A w, N V T Bower«s, Belview
G Mueller<fc w.MilwaukeD C Kothe. Chicago
Mrs Weatherford, Albny I>t Farrlngton.Bisbee
G J Anderson, Seattle H B smith. BY
S faro. NY R Benjamin, \ allejo
Miss Mason. Green Bay C JUrach. India
J Grieb, Milwaukee D T Fox, -acto
\V J McMurray. NY S D Field. ng Aw, N V
X Husiug, San Mateo G D Graves. JN i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs M Hansen, Sac A D Halleden, Mich
GGrauncchi ban Jose J Walters, Nevada City
C H christensaer, or H Smith. Denver
J toniieli, Cal J *" Runyon, « J
J X Davis & w, Cal J V Lewis, l.os Angeles
E P Blackwell, H V T J Watson, Chicago
A\v Walters., Cnicago X Heiijiruaun, tnlcgo
X J Power-, Spokane J P Duffy, Cal
A M McCann.N V Miss M 1 Mogan, Pctalu
A M King, New Haven J A Tonin, Cbicaso
Miss a Kenney.MHlbrae Miss N Donovan, Millbrae
0 W Watts, San Mateo M 1* Johnson, ban .lose
T C O'Neil, Alanieda X M Hart, San Pablo
WT. Spencer, LOudon J\V Maine ws. Eureka
J A Henry, l.os Autjelej
I'ALaCE HOTEL.
J Klverson Jr. Pa G M Holbrook, Mass
John Bell, N V (Jeo Armstrong, N V
X Pe<uce, Denver Mrs Dunb. r Denver
Mrs it I'eorce, Denver A .■Stern. l.os Angeles
W H Farnsworth, lowa J H Caldwell, Pa
F Ooodiuan. Hartford Mrs Goodman, Hartford
M's J H Caldwell, Pa f A strater. Boston
Miss Slrater, Boston Mrs Woolsey, .Nebr
Miss Woolsey, Nebr Mia< H Wooisey, Nebr
W E Keid, Los Augeie* M Kuhn, N V
H .1 Muyham, Deuver Mrs H J Mavham.Denvr
Mrs W B Mayham.Denvr Miss X May bain, Deuver
Mrs H Wheeler, Denver F L Brown, Boston
B i- Mevens, boston H A Count. St • ouls
Mrs H A Count, at Louis Miss G Count. Si Louis
j. a Hayes, Me c H Yurk, Me
J C Hayes, -Napa H Saltz. Cnicago
E Scnneders»y, NY E Herezel, Chicaio
J E Arbowie, Portland c U Babcock, Chicago
W B Grane, Chicago Mr Alenson & w, Chicago
H M Clement, Buffalo W L Woodrow, ban Jose
Mrs S M i lenient, Buffalo J Cohn, N V
J X Stuy vesant, NY O E Jones. Chicago
Miss U May, Chicago Col Trevelyn, Fresno
A CBinghanj.Marysville C R Gillcrist, London
M Small, Wooularid C E Hauselt, w, eh <fc md,
Mrs Small, Woodland N V
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Dwyer, san Jose A E Gilbert, Los Ang
F G Easterby, >apa J U Laughlan, Cal
T W Hawkins Aw, Cal Mrs M \\ users San Jose
Mrs B Hayes, l.os Aug Miss Waters, San Jose
C Mulvey ban Jose Mrs L .Nicolan, Portland
A W Keed, Gardner F A Bode, Ked Blu
J H Mugrldge. Vallejo H Muller <B w, Montana
H A 'I'nompson, Uaklnd Miss Muller, Montana
JJI Bashford, Vacaville J Kohout. Montana
J AlexanJer, California MrsM JDillingham.Mass
D D Fa^an, Whatcom J smith. Fort Wor.n
Mrs M Crammattl, Cal G Morau, Mt Vernon
G O. Nicolai, Portland W E Herbert, Mt Vernon
J L Wickersham, Poitld L J Ward. Mt Vernon
C W Tozer, Tulare Mrs J A Gorham, Mass
U ¥ Palmer <fe w, Maine F A Gorham, Mass
c H Howland, Ohio M M Wood, Boston
F C Howlaud, Ohio J Waterton, Redding
Catherine Howland.Ohlo A L Levinsky, btocktoa
J Chrlsiy Jr, Onio Mrs s Jewett, Ohio
MrsJLCalderwood.Minn Mrs H B Cross, Pa
Mss Calderwood, Minn T J King, Los Angeles
Mrs M L Staples, Minn E WaruiiogtOD, Los Ang
j X Coombs, Visulla Miss Warmington.L Ang
M T Hodaou &w, Ohio S E Hardfn & w, Byron
L P Sir ng, N Dakota N Baker, Texas
8 D Ballou, S L Oblspo W H Farnsworth, K»ns
A E Osborn & w, Cal G \V Smith, Oregon
F M». son, Sacrameuto Mrs 8 J Babb, Mtn View
J N Androiiß, Sacto J in Levy, Sacramento
X Cuuninghamifcw, Sacto
The period of a '"generation" has been
lengthened. It used to be thirty years,
and later increased to thirty-four; now a
scientist says the average term of human
life has increased in the last fifty years
from thirty-four to forty-two years.
OCEAN STKAMKES.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO AKRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TII>K.
UNITED FTATW COAST AXD GEODETIC SBBVIf-
Tikes and Heights of limit ajcd Low
Waters at 1"obt Point, Entkanoi to
Ban Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF the (Superintendent.
Note— high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort 1'olnt: ibe height
of tide Is the same at both place*.
March- 1897.
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in ths
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of tbe day, except
when there are bat, three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractivs
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICii TO M:\KINKBS
A. branch of the United States Hydrograpnl*
Office located In tbe Merchants' Exchange la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without retard to nationality and free or
expense. ;3 ■-,-■.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on nan tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matter* o: Interest to oceaa
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United (states Naval Observatory at Mare Island,
Cat.
▲ notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
»nd by the morning papers the following day.
W. S. Hushes,
Lieutenant U. 8. N.. In charge
The Time Ball.
Branch H ydboqbaphic Office, V. 8. N.
Merchants' Exchange >-
Sax Francisco. March 10. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hilt was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. <>.. at noon of the r-'Otii
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Green time.
W. S. Uxghks.
X: ; ■ fe Lieutenant V. S. N.. In chargf.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; : " :'.''• * ArriTed. .
WEDNESDAY. March 10. ■
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst, 68 hours from Co
quiile River, via Fort Bragg 17 hoars; mdse ana
lumber, to J S KlmbalL • ■ • - -Ji"' ''■' '-
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, 12 hours from Lsal;
100 M ft lumber, to Usal Redwood Co. . -
Btmr Geo Loomts, Bridget!, 37 hoars from Ven
tura: 6483 obis oil, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Stmr. Alice Blauchard, Hughe-, Hi days from
Portland, via Astoria — hours: pass ana nidse,
to Nor:b Pacific Steamship Co.
■ Schr Daisy Rowe, Olsen, 4 days from toos
Bay; lumbar, to Simpson Lumber Co.
t-ctir Prosper, Suhroedcr, 7 days from Astoria;
lilOO piles, to Alaska Packers' Assn.
Hchr 8 Danlelson, Vogel, 8 days from Nena
lem Klver; 130 M ft lumber, to Pacific Box . Fac
l°So'hr Gotama, DBdrlcfc 6 days from Coos Bay;
lumber, to Simpson Lumber 00. , :
Schr Ocean Spray, Skipper. 24 hours from Iver
i sens Landing; 90 eds wood, to N Iversen.
' -Cleared.'.
WEDNESDAY. March 10.
btmr Tillamook, Hanson, Portlaufl; .North
- Pacific s S Co. •
. btmr Eureka, Parsons, San Pedro; GoodaU, Par
kins & Co. -•■ .'■■''•"!■ :
Stmr North Fork, Hansea Eureka; Charlej
Kelson.
Stmr San Bias. McLean. Panama: P M S S Co.
v Whalsimr catena, Williams, whaling; Pacific
Steam Whaliuk Co,
[ Strar Afognak, Moller, Chlgnfk; Alaska Pack
ers'Assn. ■: .- ' . '■• •
Baric Kufus E Wood, McLeod,,Nanalmo; Job*
Kosen fold's j-ohs.
Bri • Lurline, MacLeod, Kahulul; Havr&iiaa
Com mere at and Sugar Co
, ■ ' Sailed.
\ WEDNESDAY. March IQ.
Wbal stmr Bal.ena. William*, whaling. "W
Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama, etc. <^
Stmr Tillamootc. Hansen. Portland. \
Stmr oreenwooU. i-a^-rluni!.
Stmr Siiiiol. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
atmr Florida, Hanson. Nanaimo.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmr EmDlre, Heed. Coos Bay.
Htmr Whltesooro. Johnson.
Stmr Czarina. seaman, Cow Bay.
Stmr Afoenak, Moller. Clilguik.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jan»en,Bowens Landing.
scnr Etta H. Honrn*. Kan Kosi
Schr John F Miller, Hanson, New Whatcoin.
Telegraphic.
POINT LORoa. March JO -U p. st — W »tti»- B
hazy; wlndNW; vwoci.v 20iatia*.
Charters.
The Nor stmr Eva loads lumber at Moody vi:i«
for Yokohama, 30s.
Domestic Port*.
PORT ANGELES-In port March 10-9tmr
Jeanle, from Seattle, for Alaska.
Arrvot Mar 10-x,ir Glendile. hence Keb 84
SAN PEDKO-Arrlved Mar o— s-mr Alcazar fm
Navarro; simr J'rotecMon. from Fort Bragg; scnr
Keporter, from Port Gamble.
Halted Mar 9— Hchr Vesta, for Fort Blakeluy
iichr Corou*. for Port Gamble. Mar 10-Schr Se
rena Thaver. for Eureka; tchr Marie E Smith, lor
Puget >ound.
Arrived Alar 10— 9chr Marlon, from Pott Blake
ley.
lACOMA— Sailed Mar 10-Umr Lakme, for s»a
Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Mar 10-Stmr Excelsior
from Gua -mas; schr from Grays UarDor'
BOWENS LANDING-Salled Mar' 10.-dcbr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— ciaJlea Mar 10— Stmr Jewel, for *an
Francisco.
SEATTLE-Salled Mar 10-Stmr Jeanie for
Alaska. . * •
EUREKA— SaiIed Mar 9-Stmr National City
for San Pedro.
GREENWOOD-Arrived Mar 10-Stmr Green
wood, hence Mar 9.
KUKEKA-ArrlvedMar 10-Stmr Pomona, nee
TACOM A— Sailed Mar 10-Shlp Dashing Wave
for San Francisco. ■ »
Arrived Mar 10— Bark Big Bonanza, hence Feb
20.
EUREKA-Arnvel Mar 9-Stmr Del NortP, he«
- CLALLAM BAY— port Mar 10— Bark' Mel
rose, from Chemainus. for Santa Rosalia
TATOOSH- Passed Mar 9-btmr Walla Walla,
hence Mar 7, for Victoria. \
POINT REYES-Passed Mar 10-s:mr Nation- A
City from Eureita, for san Pedro. JB
• SAN PEDRO-saiied Mar 'j-scnr Vesta. <fcr\
Puget Sound. V*
MENDOCINO-Arrlved Mar 10-Stmr Point
Arena, hence Mar 9.
Foreign Ports.
A CAPULCO— Sailed Mar 9— Stmr City Of Syd
ney, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb 23-Br bark North
brook, for Port Townsend.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Mar 9-Br ship Cro
martysbire. for Liverpool.
Arrived Mar 9— ship Pylhomene, hence Not
5.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Mar 9- B, snip Dunferia
linp, from Taroma.
FALMOUTU— sailed Mar 9-Br ship Rlversdale.
DUBLlN— Arrived Mar 6— Brship Sierra Ei- "
t re i la. from Oregon.
IPSWlCH— Arrived Mar 7-Ger bark Artemis,
from Tacoma.
NANAIMO— Arrived Mar 10— Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen, from San Diego.
Movement!* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YOHK— Arrived Mar 10-Stmr Aurania,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Mar 10— Stmr st Louis, for Southampton;
stmr Etbop a, for Glasgow; stmr Majes.ic, lor
Liverpool: stmr Frlesland, for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Mar 10-Slmr
Trave; stmr New York.
Sailed Mar 10— stmr Spree, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Mar 10— Stmr
Upaarndaru. .
Sailed Mar 10— Stmr Veendam, for New York.
Importations.
COQUILLE RIVER— Per Alblo:i-ll bales flm"
nel, 327 bdls broom hand es, 6 bJlshide*. 185
tons coal, 2 hacks, 55 sks potatoes.- 15 pkgs radio,
1 coop chicken*.
Fort Brage-80 M ft lumber.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard -789 bdl*
shooks.
Astoria— l4o M ft lumber, 49 bdls shooks.
Coos Bay— 26 cds bolts, Ics books, -cs nggs.l'Jl
sks potatoes.
Consignees.
Per Albion— Bandon Woolen-mills; J 8 Klmhall;
Hulme <£ Hart: standard Oil Co: S C Scherich:
D E Allison & Co: W B Sumner <£ Co ; California
Cbemlca 1 Works; J H Newbauer <t Co; Uuiou
Lumber Co.
Per Alice Blanchard— Clatsop Mill Co; Hackney.
Chase «tio: Thomas Louchran; C lacobson A
Co; E R Stevens & Co; California Barrel Co; Wolf
<t ►on.
OCEAN TRAVEL. •
- PACIFIC COAST^STEAJBSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A*
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ■*&£&? i
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll- I
Usnoo and Sllka (Alaska), at 9 a. m. March 12.
17. 22. 27. >
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. An&cones and
New Wi atcom (BelllcsEham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Mar 2, 7, 12. 17, 22, 27 and every tlfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with - the C P. K.
8., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with »+.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICureka, Ana a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. ic., March 1, 3. 9, 13,
17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuro*
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East -aa
Pedro . (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. v.
Mar h 3, 7, 11, IS, 19. 23, 27. 31 and every four &
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
feles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Mch. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, Ls>
Paz and Gnaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
1 he Company reserves the right to change wltb>
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, i
New Montgomery street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market n.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TLA3V ID
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T>"l7/»13 First-class > Including
il.XtJlii.So Second-class /berth & meais
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State or California. ....Feb. 27. Mar. 9, 19, 29
Columbia. ........Mar. 4. 14, ;4
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates and folders upon applica-
tion to : :
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Superintendent*
PMmiamiifl R *»• AUSTRALIA for
HONOLULU <)r " •'•
frliniV Tuesday. March 23.
y at 2p. M. Special part/
Q'tfjimcflin J r *T^e X - s. MAR! fo(<a
mlwlllljlllU^ sails via HONOLULU
/firnCfflniUand AUCKLAND for
" VOlllpQlCfep SYDNEY, Thursday,
\rrll 1. at 2 P. it.
Line U>COOI*»ARDIB, Anst., and CAPETOWN,
Poutii Afrksa.
J. ixTSPRKCKELS * BROS. CO- Agents. 1
114 Montgomety street. 1
Freight Office, 337 Market at.. San Franclsotfc M
\ COfIPAGSIEGEI?ERALTRMSATL.UTIiBf
French Line to Havre. .
r,OMPAN PIEB(NEW),42 NOKTH --•
{, River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by 4RSSXg
this line avoid both transit by English railway .in I
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a smalt
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
first class $160. second class *116. , •, . .
LA BRETAGNE. March 13. Ba. •*.
LANORMAN'DIE Marcn ?a sa. *.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 27. s*.*
LA'IUIIKAINhi...... April *, 6 a.m.
£a BRETAOSE April 10. SA-M
jsar For further particulars apply to
A. FOBGET. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
j, F. FUGAZI CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. "
is^^n- X HAMBURG-AMERICAS LISS
"Iljg|JfiiJQ.llC TWIN-SCKEW EXPRESS
9-~—f*m^lQ*l£: l lu^ , rou , now York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. laria d6.Hambur«.
Columbia, 7am , I'm mum. >i»y i». /am
F. Bismarck.Ap.B. 10am i F.Blsmarck.My27.loASt
Normannla,Ap.J9.loAM I Norma . ia, Jan erf, 10a M
Uatiihurg- American *•**»••£* Si'JS'L'i*?^
KAHN * HEKZOG, Agents, 401 California BU,
San Francisco. Cal. • "
~ STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At 6 F. »I. Uaily. Freight received up
to ■>:.'{(> P. ■»• _
«• Accommodations Kescrved by Telephone.
The only linn through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points oa Vall«/
Railroad. gTi:AME R S :
T. C. Walker. J- D « Peter«, i
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Caiu Kav. and Impt. Uo
FO&VALIEJO in U. S. uthuuT
STKA3IEK "MONTI CELLO." ?l
Pally ex. Saturday <fc Sun.. 10:30 a. x. and 4 r. *f
Saturdays. '10:30 a.m., 1 p. J
Sundays....... ::...;... ...... — ..8 p.
- Landing Mlssion-stree- Doric. Pier 'i. .
Telephone Black 261.
•Trip gives 6 hours slop at Navy-Yard.'
FOR "m JOSE, 10SGAT0S&SMTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIEli 1 DAILY
O (Sundays excepted)allO a.m. Alviso aa I
(Saturday excepted) at- 7. v. v. Freight and
Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 75c Clay au Fieri.
iW W. banta Clara at., San Jose. - 3 -EXPLAINING HOW
IT CAME ABOUT
Ladies Charging Voters
With Not Keeping
Their Pledges
Mr. Manuel Off?:s Mr. Hobart
a Thousand Dollars for
Charity.
Eut the Minister Must Prove That
Saloon M-n Ccntrol cd the
Counci'man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
9JS Broadway, March 10. j
Although the election is over politicians
are still busy. Mem tiers of that profession
in Oakland die hard, anil so long as they
can discover any fuel to add to the fire
there will be a blaze. Now that the
chances of candidates for election cannot
be discussed everybody is explaining how
t came about that so many who consid-
SOLVING THE SECRET OF DEFEAT.
There were about 150 candidates at the municipal election and now 118 are
figuring on the value of "indorsements."
ered themselves abnormally strong came
out at the small end of the figuring.
Altogether there were about 150 name*
on the ballot. Of these 32 were elected
and 118 are now traveling the street or
supporting saloon bars or writing com
munications to the papers explaining
why they were not elected. Mayor Davie,
who.wa-i beaten by about 100 votes, hints
that after the official canvass he may dc
ci :e on a recount.
Others declare that the election boards
in many precincts were composed of too
many men of the same political faith and
ihat this iufluenced the result. Although
the District Attorney has decided that
ibis could not affect the validity of the
flection a few disgruntled ones are still
harping on that string.
The right against the saloons, however,
is the one that requires most explanation
and can only be accounted for on the sup
position that OaKiam! must have a laree
floating population. Prior to election the
ladies canvassed the city from house to
house, and according to the promises
made them about four-fifths of all the
votes cast should have been against the
saloons. Instead of that, about two-fifths
voted for closing, and the result was very
similar to that of the woman suffrage vote
of last November.
These two experiences have established
the precedent that Oakland gentlemen
keep just one-half of their promises to
lady politicians. This result, however, is
very encouraging, for it is an improve
ment of many hundred per cent on the
amount of promises that male politicians
♦ this city keep to each other.
V Councilman Manuel became very reck
jk^s to-day. In a card published last Dight
*>v. C. H. Hobart stated that Mr. Manuel
n*d knuckled to the California Protective
Association when he avoided the submis
sion of the Sunday closing question. Mr.
Manuel vigorously denies this and bets,
or rather offers to give $1000 to Mr. Ho
bart'.s church, if a committee of ministers
are satisScd that Mr. Manu?l did the bid
ding of the saloon men.
As it is hardly likely that such a charge
could be proved ordisproved Mr. Manuel's
money is quite paTe and the general public
will have to satisfy themselves on the
matter by the record of his vote in the
Council.
J. A. Col burn, who was beaten for Coun
cilman from the First Ward by James
Henneberrv, will fie a contest. Henne
berry'g majority was only thirty and Col
burn is willing to spend a few dollars to
try an<i overcome it.
The vote regarding the saloons taken by
wards shows that the measure carried
only in the Third and Seventh Wards. In
these two districts committee* will be
organized who will appear before the
Council and oppose the renewal or grant
ing of any licenses in their respective
wards. They contend that the result of
the v ote givt- s them the right to oppose all
efforts seeking to continue the open
saloons within their boundaries.
THE PIE COUNTER.
Radical Chancres Wiil Follow the
Inauguration of the New Board.
i Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
-4 9UB Broadway. March 10. f
I Although the new ciiy government will
Hot take oflice for three weeko, there is al
ready a big scramble for office. If all the
successful rand idates hsd not sta'eri that
Pozxoni's Complexion
Powdbb produces a soft and beautiful skin:
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
they were absolutely unpledged, one
might suppose that some of them bad
actualiv discussed p:itronago before elec
tion. Presumably, however, r.ot a single
thought was given to this subject until
after the votes were counted.
Comparing the personnel of the branches
of the city povernmen t-elrct with the in
cumbents, it is very reasonublo to sup
pose that there will t-e an < mire change of
those offices within the gift of the re
spective officials. Auditor Snow and
Treasurer Gilpin, who succeed ttiemselves,
will be the only exceptions.
In the Mayor's office there is little
doubt that a new expert will be appointed
to succeed Mr. Alexander. The City
Council, Judging politically, will not re
tain City Cierk Tompkins, altnougn he
has been one of the most efficient and
courteous men th:it ever held that office.
The Board of Works may probably retain
Secretary Spauiding, although there are
other candidates for the office.
Mr. Spauiding was a very earnest
worker for City Attorney Dow and Mayor
Thomas, but as he was put in by Wilson
and Peirs 1, two of the retiring members,
he will reauire much support to retain
his position.
The preat change*, howevr, will be in
the police, tire and street departments.
M. K. Miller, Superintendent of Streets,
and a Populist, cannot expect any sup
port from a Republican majority In the
Board of Works. Chief Fair of the Fire
D'partment certainly nas nothing to ex
pect from Monte Cement, the City Engi
neer, having foaaiit earnestly on behalf
of the defeated candidate, Wilson. l
rie also has no claim on Captain Thomas,
.vhose name was omitted from the card
which Jt is alleged Fair distributed
throughout his department. City Attor-
ney Dow will undoubtedly support Fair,
but his vote will avail nothing against the
Other two.
Cbie! Lloyd of the Police Department is
in a p culiar position. He is an out-and
out Populist and was e.-pecially supported
by City Engineer Wilson. Lloyd nas
mad* a conscientious Chief, but merit, of
course, cuts no figure.
Some muiuhs ago Rod W. Church was
mentioned for the position of Chief of Po
lice, and as he was a very active supporter
of Captain Thomas, in whose ward he re
sides, it is very probabie that his candi
dacy will be again put forward.
Some little interest attaches to the con
dition of the Police Cout. Judge Wood
was appointed lo the office by Mayor Par
dee and was not disturbed by Mayor
Davie when his term expired on the Ist of
January. Mayor Davis can, however, at
any time before he turns over his oilice to
Captain Ihornas next moith, make a
change and offer the police judgeship to
Justice Allen.
He declines at this time to say whether
he anticipates making any change or not.
Ahhoug i professor Burrill of the high
school has some strength in the new
Board of Education, it is hardly likely to
prove sufficient to prevent the election of
.Superintendent McCiymonds of the School
Department.
P. M. Fisher, who has been considered a
candidate, stated positively to-day that
he had no ambition whatever in that
direction.
Although there will be numerous
changes there is no candidate yet whose
name can be mentioned with any degree
of certainty in regard to any office.
EXISTED ONLY IS NAME
San Kenlto Irrigation Ccmpiny Ha* No
Legal Stand in
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— In the
suit for damages brought by George Gates
against the 6an Benito Irrigation Com
pany a dismissal was ordered this morn
ing by Judge Greene. A peculiar state of
affairs was shown to have existed.
W. H. Eastland, the chief promoter,
testified that although the articles of in
corporation were filed no other steps were
taken by any one but himself. He caused
stock to be issued over hi? signature as
president an I F. H. Fowler as secretary,
although neither of them had been elected.
Much of this stock was floated, and George
Gates obtained some of it. He is a large
land-holder in San Benito County, ana al
leges that the transaction caused his prop
erty to be damaged to tue extent of
$125,000, besides b2inc out $11,000 in cash.
The court held that the defendants were
not liable as stockholders, and advised
Gates to bring another suit, setting up
fraud as the ground of action.
Will Attempt Sunday Closing.
OAKLAND, Cat-., March 10—Council
man Bassett published a card to-day stat
ing that at the next regular meeting of
the Council, which will be on Monday,
the 15th, he will introduce an ordinance
ordering the closing of saloons from Sat
urday nisht till Monday morning. Should
the Council show a disposition to hasten
this mea«ure it can be finally passed be
fore the new body takes of lice.
Missions at Mills College.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 10.— Oak
land .Presbyterian Foreign Missionary So
ciety will bold its annual meeting to-mor
row at Mills College. Nearly three hun
dred delegate* are expected and there will
be an all-day session. Many leading
Presbyterians are down - on the pro
gramme.
♦ — « — •
No kissing ever < ctura in Japan except
bei ween husband and wife; not even be
: wt en a mother and child.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
PRIVILEGE OF
SELLING AT HOME
Manufacturers Make a Re
quest That a Hardship
Be Abolished.
Cannot Compete in Their Own
State With Merchants From
the East.
Ex-sting; Laws Compel a Condition
That Seems L.ko Ccmmer
cid buicide.
Oakland Office San Francibco Call,)
908 Broadway, March lU. >'
The Board of Trade received word to
day that the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association lias indorsed the ef
forts of Oakland manufacturers to secure
the passage of the legislative bill pro
hibiting the imposing of a license upon
any person soliciting orders or selling
articles manufactured or produced in this
State.
On this bill hangs the foundation of the
municipal license system of every city in
the State. Durins: the past year Oakland
has been particularly active in regard to
licenses, and in some instances the effect
has been the reverse of what was antici
pated.
The manufacturers and producers have
now concluded that it is folly to permit
any municipality to impose a license on
the sale of home-made goods, no matter
in what part of the State they may be
manufactured.
A very emphatic letter has been sent to
every merchant in the State and to every
member of the Legislature, which sets
forth some facts of which the average
citizen is certainly in ignorance. In one
section it says that the act is simply in
tended to promote the development and
manufacture of products of this State. It
is intended to put the sale of California
produced goods on the same footing as
goods produced in other Stutes when sold
by travelers in California. The letter
says:
It seems absurd to think that California
law discriminates against its own people, but
such is really the fact at present ami tins law
is intended 10 correct just that evil. The in
tention is not to take away from the towns,
cities or counties in this State the power to
Dags and enforce the usual license ordinances.
It is inlet. only to prevent the imposition
of a license on the home manufacturer when J
he offers goods for tale through travelers, and
in the same manner as the same goods are sold
by the travelers of other States. It seems like
suicide to nut a prohibitory t«x on the sale of
the pioducts of this State, when they are in
just such competition with goods from other
States. This is occurring every day in Cali
fornia, so that millions of dollars' worth of
foreign goods are sold here without let or
h:nJr:i' cc and the- California manufacturer
or producer is cringed out of existence if he
tries to sell In the .same way.
It is true that the license is not always en
forced; in fact is rarely framed with a view to
venting the sale of such, articles to the
dealers. ■ But, .in&i much as this State i*
young in the matter of home products, and
inasmuch as it is necessary to encourage the
small manufacturer mid producer if we ever
expect large institutions to crow from them,
we surely ought not to allow statutes to re
main in existence whicn tend to crush the life
out of these embryo enterprises. If we do
allow such statutes to remain how can we
ever have pro.>perity for home products?
How can home products grow and prosper?
It is true that the large manufacturers and
producers can sometimes find ways to market
their goods other than by sale to the con
sumer, but we claim that every beginning
is at a disadvantage in the matter of market
ing produces and otherwise creating a de
mand that will lead to ultimate success and
growth. ia *'B>l
The contemplated law, as you will notice, is
intended to apply only \\ hero competition re
quires ii to be app".ieU, and surely the State of
California can nftord lor it* own sake to allow
this right to its own products.
Outside the boundariesof this State the Cali
fornia manufacturer is free to sell his ioods to
whom he pleases— ln fact, is then a free man
and on an equal footing with the manufac
turers of other States. Within the State, as
matters are at present, he i« crushed out of ex
istence. For tnese reasons and many others
that could cc given this pet should become a
law at the present session of the. Legislature.
The State Board of Trade has also as
sured the local commercial organizations
that the prosecution of the bill has their
heartiest indorsement and will be sup
ported by that body.
BEATEN IN HIS CABIN.
Brutal Assault on an Old Man Supposed
to Have Money.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— Stephen
Airing was violently assaulted and robbed
in his lonely cabin near Melrojse last
nigh?. Three men armed with clubs and
a revolver entered his cabin and, accord
ing to his story, took $750 from him and
left him unconscious and tied hand and
foot.
This morning Airing came to his senses
and succeeded in loosening the rope on
his feet with his teeih. He went to a
grocery-store on Bay avenue, near the
railroad track, and told his story, which
was at once reported to the Sheriff.
The injured man, after his wounds had
been dressed, said that at dusk last night
three men approached his cabin. One
man stood outside while the other two
clubbed him. One wore a mask, but the
features of none of them were very plain,
on account of the darkness. They also
took a double-barreled shotgun from the
cabin, which they searched thoroughly.
The injured man lived in a small shanty.
He worked about boats and did gardening
and other odd jobs. An examination
showed that he ha* six big cuts on ttie
head and his nose and lip are also lacer
ated.
BERKELEY CHARITIES.
Work They Have Done During the Fast
Year.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10.— Tfie As
sociated Charities of Berkeley held an
annual meeting last night and discussed
the work of the past year, electing the
following board of directors: Mrs. J. W.
Gate, Mrs. J. S. Eastman, Mrs. Joseph He-
Clam, Mrs. F. K. Sliattuck, Professor E.
B. Lurnan, Mrs. George W. Haight, Mrs.
Mary C. McCleave, Key. George B. Hatch,
Mrs. Mary Kastens.
The annual directors' report showed a
considerable increase in the relief work of
the organization during the year jnut
closed. Assistance was rendered in 46
cases, 18 of them families, affecting 145
people. Xhesuni of $48 40 w«< expended
m provisions, $6 10 for coal, $7^o for medi
cines, and lA'J garments were given away
to the needy. The "friendly visitors" of
the society, whp investieate cases of ar
pliration for nid, are Mrs. Mary C. Me-
Cleave for North Berkeley, Mrs. S:ewart
for Central Berkeley, Mrs. Haight for
Dwiyht way, Mrs. Ronnldson for Lorin
and Miss Kastens and Miss Higgins for
West Berkeley.
T c directors have made an appeal for
aid from citizens of the town. All are
urged to become members of the society,
to donate clothing, etc., and to use the
reference blanks and meal and lodging
tickets provided for applicants for aid.
Socialist Sleeting*.
BERKELEY, Cal , March 10.— The so
cialist* of Berkeley have arranged for a
series of meetings weekly from now to
July 15. The first will be held to-morrow
ni^'ht, when Taylor Risers will speak on
"Economics oi ttie Sermon on tho Mount."
Other speakers will be F.I. Baruford, G.
B. Benham, P. Ross Martin, Victor
O'Brien, E. T. Kinesley, Jane A. Rouiston,
Green Majors, A- McArthur, George Asp
den, Jamp Andrew, Leo Ga-ser, Profes
sor E. A. Ross, A. H. Appel, J. Gilder, A.
S. Hamilton, R. A. Copeland. The lec
tures will be given in Pytnian Hall.
Thanks for Scholarship.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10.— Regent
Keinstein has adur. ssed to J. A. Elston,
president of the Associated Students, a
letter of thanks for the students' post
traduate scholarship of $250 subscribed
by students for next college year.
The letter says: "Permit me, in the name
of the university and of the regents and
on my own behalf, to thank the students
most heartily for their kindness, in slight
recognition of their obligations to the
people of the State of California."
Brief Neff* Items.
BERKELEY, Cal , March 10.— Tho Stanford
Chess Club i:as challenged the club at Berke
ley to a contest. The challenge will be ac
cepted.
The Prohibitionists of Berk, ley have decided
to put a party ticket in the Sold. They will
hold a convention 10-morrow mght at the resi
dence of W. H. Bone.
A baseball gaine;was played this nftornoon
on t lie university campus between the Varsity
eleven and the Berkeley High School. The
collegia!;! won by a score ot 23 to Hi.
A grand rally of the Salvation Army was
MRS. SERGEANT-MAJOR BROWN, One of the Most Beloved
of Salvationists, Now Lying at the Point of Death in East
Oakland.
held tc-night In the First Presbyterian Church.
Tne band from Otik'and attended and there
were addresses by Lieutenant-Colonel and
Mrs. Keppel. -Major and Mrs. Mclntyre, Major
Mi:s:ips, i-uff Captain and Mrs. Merriweatlier
and others.
The students of the civil engineering depart
ment of the university are preparing a mop
of the grounds for use by architects In the
preparation of a permanent plmi of buildings.
A BRUTAL ASSAULT.
Stephen Arring, a Veteran,
Beaten, Bound and Robbed
in His Own Cabin.
Only a Smai: Amouut of Money Taken
The Assailants Cam? in a Bo it
and Were Doubt ess Sailors.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 10.— A mosi
brutal assault, accompanied by robbery,
was committed upon an old man named
Stephen Arring at Clarks Point last
night. Arring is a veteran of the late
war and lives alone nt the isolated locality
mentioned. About 7 o'clock in the even
ing he heard a noise at the door, and
opening it was confronted by two men,
one of whom, without a word, struck him
over the head wiih a clnb. He staggered
into his cabin, when both rushed in, and
with clubs belabored him most unmerci
fully until he became insensible. They
tied him to a chair, lied his feei, and then
ransacked the house, but got only $5 or
$6. After this tney built a fire, cooked
some food, and finally left, their victim
being still insensible.
It was some time before Arring recov
ered consciousness, but he finally came to,
and after a hard struggle, freed himself
from his bondd and cave the alarm. It
was 11 o'clock when Dr. Keys of this city
was notified of the case. He wetit at once
to the scene, and found Arring so badly
injured that it took him till 4 o'clock this
morning to dress his wounds. It is sup
oosed that the two robbers had been
watching Arring, who is a pensioner, and
thought he had his pension money in his
cabin, but in this they were disappointed.
They are supposed to have come in a boat,
and are beiioved to have been seafaring
men, from expressions used by them and
from their manner of tying the knots in
the rope 3 with which they bound their
victim. No clew has yet been found to
their identity.
No Annexation for Alameda,
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 10.— The
movement for a "greater" Oakland meets
with a cold receptiou in Alameda and no
one can be found who supports it. No ar
gument which can be brought forward has
any weight with Alamedans, who are al
most without exception in favor of a con
tinuance of the present autonomy of this
city, and have no desire wuatever to be
merged into Oakland cr any other place.
N o encouragement whatever is held out to
those who are agitating the question.
Death of Henry Wood.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 10— Henry F.
Wood, the well-known assayer, died at his
home in this city this morning from a
stroke of apoplexy. The deceased was 60
years old and was a native of Pouglikoep
sie, N. Y. He leaves a widow and daugh
ter, together with a wide circle of friends.
Labor Exchange.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 10.— The Labor
Exchange hold another meeting !o-night
for the purpose of perfecting their organi
zation. Slate Organizer Clark was present.
There is muct: interest manifested in th«
work of the exchange.
PLAYED FOR A
DYING COMRADE
Why Horns of Red-Shirted
Warriors Awoke East
Oakland
While Waiting for the End Mrs
Sergeant Brown Wished to
Hear the Music.
Her Fatal Sickness Was Caused by
Her D votiea to the Cause
in Haywards.
Oakland Office San Francisco Gall,)
908 Broadway, March 10. f
A very pathetic incident was made
public Mondny night when the norm of
the Salvation Army were heard on the
east side of Late Merritt, a territory which
they had never previously invadod.
I The musicans played gently in the
garden surrounding a house at Tenth
avenue ana East Twenty-second streets.
They were playing in accordance with the
wi«h of one of their members, whose lease
of life has almost run out.
Mrs. Sergeant-Major Brown for many
years has been one of the most active and
conscientious workers in this city. She was
a familiar figure at the prison and in bur
rounding towns, and was everywhere re
garded with a feeling akin to affection.
She is comparatively a young woman, and
with her husband a most useful addition
to the local army.
Three years ago while conducting a
meeting at Haywards, she caught cold,
but paid little attention to it. In course
of time it developed into consumption,
and a trip Eust was taken with the hope
that it would prove beneficial. The effect
was not such as was anticipated, and a few
months ago she returned home. Requests
have frequently been sent in from Hay
wards a.skiiiL' that the kindly worker
again go to that town to hold occasional
meetings, and promising her encouraging
support. The young lolks of the town
were considerably disappointed whon
they learned tf at their mend could not
again visit them.
During the past week Mrs. Brown has
been gradually sinkine. On Monday
evenirg she expressed a desire to hear t c
army band once more, and after they had
paraded on the streets in the city, th y
look the cars and conducted a mournful
serenade beneath ihe patient's window.
The soft music attracted quite a crowd in
that neighborhood, where the. army is a
comparative stranger, and had the effect
of ereatly increasing the interest in the
sufferer.
S'Tgeant-Major Brown was the first to
introduce the work of t'.ie army into San
Qientin, and every alternate Sunday he
still continues his visits to the convicts.
AOME TOURNAMENT.
Many Good Boxing X. vents Programmed
for To-Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— pro
gramme of boxing at the Exposition build
ing to-morrow night, for the benefit of the
Acme Athletic Club, promises to be par
ticularly interesting. The contest between
Charles Tye.of the Acmes and lily, the
champion of the Northwest, will undoubt
edly be an exciting one, as the men arc
botn exceptionally clever and anxious to
win. They have been training hard for
the match and will enter the ring in perfect
condition. The Acmes naturally expect
to Bee their man win oat, but Ely will not
be without supporters, as he is at present
a member of the Olympic Club, many of
whose members will be on hand to cheer
him en.
The second match of the evening will be
between Fields of the Acme and Reno of
the San Francisco Athletic Club, and will
be no less interesting than the first.
• Lon Agnew will give a three-round ex
hibition with K. J. Smith, one of the
Acme's most promising amateurs. In ad
dition to these there will be seven-three
round contests between the best of local
men.
Philip Ward of the Olympic Club will be
the referee, J. Bird the announcer and W.
Sharp timer.
Caused by Mice.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— News was
received this evening that the house at
Niles owue<l by E. Usler and occupied by
the Ev.ins family was burned to-day. The
loss is $2500, and it is supposed that mice
got hold of some matches and caused the
tire.
Trebelli To-Nlght.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— Mile. Tre
belli, the great soprano, will (ing her
greatest hits made in San Francisco at
ihe Congregational Church t<>- marrow
The fac-simile y o !^ _fls"_i .■? "* ** on ever y :'..'Wnipp«r^
signature of C^ux^/z/^CU^Zi/td of CASTOBIA.
Auction Sales
STREET ft CRESSWELL,
General Auctioneers, Boom 316 Spreck-
elg Building, 937 Market Street.
THIS DAY,
Thursday March 11. 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m., a:
201 TURK STREET. COUXER JONES,
....WE WILL fKLL ...
The Entire Contents of Above Residence
Without Reserve or Limit,
CONSISTING OF
Fine Parlor, Bedroom, Dining-room and Kitchen
Furniture: Go:d-«llt Mantel Mirrcr. Hat-Kaclc,
the very best of Bedding. Luce Curtains, etc,: the
very best of milh's Kxtra aud Koxbury Carpets
throusiliou 1 . lb.e house.
A so, 1 I.auies' Fine Columbia Bicycle.
03~ Dealers and o:hers interested will do well to
attend this sale.
tST Tkkms Cash.
A. L. CRF.SSWELL, Auctioneer.
eveiiiap, when the Congregational orches
tra gives its concert. Miss Jean Hush,
violinisie, wilt assist.
Death of a Mills Graduate.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— Mrs. John
\Vinßlow Jones, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
•tf'red A. .Poor of this city, died suddenly
at Pittsburg, Pa., to-day. The deceased
was born at Portland, Me., but was edu
cated at Mills College, from which she
graduated atout two years ago. After
her marriage she went East.
To Employ Oakland Men Only.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 10. — The
Board cf Works decided this morning
that when they awarded a contract for the
repair of Eighth-street bridge it should be
on the understanding that the contractors
should employ no one but Oakland men.
It was awarded to the San Francisco
Bridge Company. The cost of the im
provements will De $5200.
San Leandro'a Holiday.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.—To-mor
row will be Ban Leandro's holiday. Tne
large flag donated to the town by P. 8.
Hastings will be unfurled at the top of the
gigantic 175-foot mast erected on the
plaza, also by Mr. Hastings. School chil
dren, fraternal organizations, G. A. R.
and officials will all take part, and the
business houses of San Leandro will close.
INTEEOOLLLGIATE DEBATE.
Speakers Choten to Compete in the
Finals With Stanford.
BERKELEY. Cai>., March 10.— The pre
liminaries for tbe intercollegiate debate
with Stanford were held at Stiles Hail to
night and five men were chosen to com
pete in the finals next Wednesday. The
men chosen were Clark, Weil, Treadwell,
Gardner and Conn, the last four being
students in the Hastings Law College.
The judges had such difficulty in discrim
inating between the thirty-two contest
ants that six more men, Carver, Cerf, Mur
dock, Osborne, Haberand Trefethan, were
chosen to compete In a sem>linal debate
next Wednesday afternoon, when twu will
be chosen for the finals in the evening.
In addition to the five men chosen thi-<
evening and the two to be chosen at the
semi-finals the following men who have
previously qualified will enter the finals:
Overstreet, Marks, Miller, Eon and Dan
nenbaum. The final debate will be held
next Wednesday night at 7:30 and each of
the twelve men will be allowed ten min
utes in which to speak.
An unusually large audience was pres
ent at the debates this evening. There
were four sections in different parts of ihe
building. The following members of the
faculty acted as judges: Professors Jones,
Plehn, Bacon, Babcock, Bradley, Syle,
Lange, Anne< and Hart.
BIG STORIES OF WEALTH
Bogus Yarns About the Estates
of Dsad Calif or
nians.
Foreign Heirs Seem to Think Their
Relatives Are Bound to Leave
Immense Fortunes
judge Coffee was yesterday in receipt of
a letter from Ireland asking about the
estate of John Tucker, deceased, which
was reported by the British newspapers to
be worth $100,000. It was also said that
there were no heirs in America and that
if he had any kinfolks in Ireland, the
country of his nativity, they might as well
declare the r identity and pick up the for
tune that awaited them.
All these matters were published atlarge
by the newspapers of Belfast, with com
ments on the good fortune of Mrs. A. M.
Egan. Mrs. Kiizabeth Quigley and William
Tucker, who had established their claims
to be next of kin.
Judge Coffey replied to the inquiries by
referring the correspondent to the records
in the County Clers's olnce, where it ap
pears that the estate of John Tucker is
worth less than $10.C00 and that the widow
of the deceased is in possession of the
property, with a family allowance of $100
a month.
Incidentally the noted case of Guglielmo
Martini was referred to in the following
words:
Many letters have been received touching
the succession of one Gußiielmo Martini of
Italian or Slavonian origin, whereby it ap
pear* that ft statement has been published in
various European newspapers to the effect
that a person of lhat name had died in San
Francisco recently, leaving an estate amount
ing to $170,000,000, at:d sucftestiug that the
writers of the .etiers were entitled to share
therein as heirs.
The records of this court have been exam
inea to ascertain if any person of that name
has died leaviue a succession of any value
whatever. No such narue appears on the md x
of successions; and it Is not probab.e that any
person ol that name resident here has dieJ,
whether possessed of fortune or not Jt is
further impossible that any one possessed of
so great an amount of wealth, whether of the
name 01 Martini or not, could have passed
away In San Francisco or California or else
where in the United States without the fact
becoming notorious.
The Judge of the Superior Court cannot un
dertake to reply specially to all the inquiries
that may do directed to him, but suggests that
communications from residents abroad be ad
dressed through the proper consular repre
sentatives here, who are, us the court takes
this occasion to say, competent and vigilant
in the line of their duties, and as a rule com
municate promptly to their respective Gov
ernments any iac;s touching the successions
of aliens within their jurisdiction as soon as
such successions are opened.
It appears that whenever a man who
was born abroad dies in California his re
lations in the land of his nativity assume
that be I -ft a large fortune, and the orig
inal stories of his wealth grow as they
pass from mouth to mouth, until they grow
to enormous proportions, as they >iid in
the ficticious esti.te of Guglielmo
Martini.where the court records show that
no such person ever left property in tnis
State subject to probate proceedings. If
an estate worth $170,000,000 had been on
tap in California it h saf» to say there
would have been claimants enough to
double the population of the State. Even
in the Blythe case, witn only a tneasiy
$4,000,000 to fight for, an array of pre
tended relatives appeared on the scene,
and naif the I»WJ«Ti of the San Francisco
bar at one lime or another held briefs in
the litigatiou that followed.
The Chinese nro a cheerful people. In
China, when a' dentist pulls a tooth, an
attendant stands by and drowns the Jam
entations of the victim in the noise of a
lar^eI ar^e gong. '-~ V ' '/'.' V* ~-'i ■ ■'■ . •' 'V. •
BASCH AUCTIOI COJIPAJI Inc..
319-321 SUITKK STBKET,
Bet. Grant Aye. and Stockton St. . Tele. Grant B7.
mtm I WILL SEIX THIS DAY,"
ThurHdav March 11, 1897,
A. 10:30 o'clock a. m. at Aoove salesrooms.
By order of Mr. Argolllo Esq. prior to hi* de-
parture or Cemral America,
AXjlj THE GOODS,
Removed for convenience of sale from 338 Fair
Oak stree;, comprising in p irt:
One nornung Piano, mid Parlor Pieces. Pictures.
Mirrors, 1 Music Rack, Ladles' Writing Desk;
Irish Point Luce Cur atns. Portieres, Draperies, i
Masalve Oak Bedroom Set, Oa* Folalng Beds, Od a
Beds and Bureaus, 1 Oak Hdeboard, 1 KzteDlioS
Tab c with C ua; leather chalra to match, 1 No. '.
Model Range, A gate an, 1 Tin Ware, CrocKery an"
Glats are, 400U yards of / ody Brusse s Carpet 8
Groceries, Wines, Liquor 3, lijjßrj, etc. Also, K»nc
ana staple Groceries, Wines, Liquor*. Clears, To*
bncco, toff Mill, Showcases, Caddies, Jars, 1
Bar and Back Bar. and everything contained In a
1 -class grocery and bar.
v. te. BASCH, Auctioneer.
AUCTIOJ SALE !
NO. SS SIXTH STREET.
TO-MORROW.
Friday March 12, 1897,
At 2 o'clock p. m.
A FINE LINE OF TOOLS.
Also, Good Stock of Stationery.
Dealers take notice.
L. 11. BCRD. Auctioneer.
TROUBLE IN THE
HALE & NORCROSS
A Court If junction Pro
hibits the Annual
Election.
M W. Fox Now in Fossession
of tbe O.ficas of the Mining
Company.
Stockholders Cannot Vo'e Proxies for
Stock in Choosing the Officers
of the Concern.
The annual stockholders' meeting of the
Hale & Norcross Minnie Company, which
was called yesterJay afternoon in the
office of the company in the Stock Ex
cuanue building, cume to a rather sudden
termination and in an unexpected manner.
It became known early in the day that
Jeremiah Lynch, who was elected presi
dent a year ago, had tendered his resigna
tion, and the directors of the corporation
placed M. W. Fox in the chair to preside
over the meeting. When the roll was
called the representatives of 86,000 out of
tho 112,000 shares, into which the stock is
divided, answered, the majority of this
being held by proxies.
Robert R. Grayson held a number of
proxies, and after the rollcall Mr. Fox at
tempted to question him as to the amount
of stock standing in his name or actually
held by him. Mr. Gray son refused to an
swer on the ground that ai no one had
appeared to protest his answering for and
voting the stock it was no one's business
whether the certificates were in his name
or not. This was done on the advice of
his attorney, W. E. P. Deal.
At this point an injunction sued out by
M. W. Fox in a suit entitled M. W. Fox
vs. R. R. Grayson, the Hale & Norcross
Mining Company and others was served
on the meetinu.
The injunction prohibited the voting of
stock other than that actually represented
by certificates in the election that was
about to ue held. After the reading of
the injunction Mr. Fox declared the meet
ing adjourned in spite of the protests of
the o.her stockholders present. An appeal
was taken from the action of the chair,
and 86,000 shares voted to go on with the
meeting, on the ground that there was
other business to transact besides the elec
tion.
Mr. Fox declared emphatically that no
further business would be transacted, and
tinally when the stockholders had organ
ized among themselves by the election of
a secretary, and A. J. McDonald us cnalr
nian, he ioid them angrily to "get out of
here."
He was a«fced why he obj cted to a
me«tin<; of the stockholders, but declined
to vouchsafe an answer. The stockholders
then adjourned to room 11 of the building
and held another roiJc.aii of s'.ock, with
the result that over 86,000 shares were
rbpresented rithoot a protest being
entered aprainst its being voted.
The meeting then ajjourned, in obedi
' enci to iliu order of the court, without
Having elected officerH. A bitter legal
right will at once be inaugurated to oust
Fox from the possession of the uftica and
booka of the comrany.
A MAGIO GAEDEN.
Singing Flower* aid the Old Oaken
Bucket mt an Endeavorer Concert.
The Christian Endeavor Society of the
West Side Christian Church, Bush street,
near Deviaadero, will give a unique and
interesting entertainment to-morrow
evening.
The "Garden of 81nging Flowers' will
be represented on a canvas 13x13 feet ia
size. Apertures suitable to receive the
heads and faces of the participants will be
cut in the enter of each flower repre
sented on the canvas It will be a night
scene, and. in consequence the moon,
stars and clouds will sine, and those who
represent those heavenly indies will of
necessity havo to be elevuud on tall step
ladder*. Nothiug but the faces o. tue
participants will be visible to th? r.udi
ence, however, and the effect should be
charming in the extreme.
Of course the garden will have it* old
oaken bucket, and also a new tin bucket,
and these buckets will sing likewise. The
old gsrden-gate will be there, too, and
will also emertain the audience vocally.
When the whole garden of flower-, old
bucket, new bucket, garden-gate, prise?,
fairy and all, burst into concert sjiic the
•ffect should be marvelously pleasing.
The following are in the cast: Mar
guerite, Mr. Alutnbaugh; Lily, Miss
Clark; Pansy, Miss Lee; Daffodil, Miss
Wilson; Pond Lily, Mrs. Ri^rdon; Violet,
Mrs. Qrenall; Lilac, Mr. Moore: Ciouds,
Dr. and Mrs. hniitn; Star*, Miss Long;
Bird's Nest, Miss Al en ; Old Onken
Bucket, Mr. Allen; New Tin Bucket,
Baby Young; Ga.-uen-Wall, Cnrl Gard
ner; Garden-Gate, Eth»-1 McFa<lyen;
Queen of Fairyland, Ida Remington.
• — ♦ — »
Clauaen'a Case Appealed.
The case of Charles Clausen, charged with
receiving stolen goods, Is being bitterly fought
by his attorneys, Franklin V. Brooks and L.
D. Hargis. two young lawyers, who have re
ceutly associated themselves topetner in legal
practice. An appeal irom Judge Wallace's
order denying a new trial has been taken to
the Supremo Court.
aJ)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>-'"> Kr..\U.\ V st. Established
In I »e>4 for the treatment of Private
pisPHden, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body an rl mindand
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
«iin«i;nai;«n(.rd. Callorwrite.
| Dr. 4. r, *»«* li>s7.?>»ai:'i-juiciaf«i
1314
FIBER CULTURE
IN CALIFORNIA
Data Produced by the
Slate Development
Committee.
A College of Commerce Advo
cated for the State
University.
W. H- Murray, Founder of the San
Francisco Journal cf Commerce,
Makes Suggestions-
An important meetine of the State
Development Committee was held at their
rooms in the Mills building yesterday. W.
M. Bunker presided at the meeting, whicli
vas called to discuss the proposition of
fiber culture in California, and the estab
lishment of a college of commerce at the
State University.
In reviewing the works of the oast eight
months, the chairman stated that ample
demonstration nad been made of the fact
that fiber culture and the manufacture in
to articles of the raw material in this
Ktate is entirely practicable.
Among trie facts cited were the follow
ins:
In 1594" San Francisco imported over
300,000 pounds of twines and netting, all
beina: ihe product of flax. Farmers pay
annually over $250,000 ior sack twines and
fish canneries over $300,000 for netting
twine?. The BCKO bales of cotton yearly
consumed by the cotton-mlis of the State
all come from Texas aud Isew Orleans.
In ISOi ever 19,000 pounds of flaiseed,
u?ed in the manufacture of Unseed oil,
w.is imported, and 31.407 pounds of flai
and hemp yarns.
The speaker also asserted that a promi
nent business man of this City lias im
ported from Scotland machinery for the
manufacture of flax, twine?, nemp and
ramie. As ?oon as the raw material can
be mrnished it will be put into operation.
A bill was introduced in the Legislature
by Frank L. Cooni b*, speaker of the As
eembly, after havine been indorsed fay the
various bodies composing the Council of
Associated Industries, tending to brine
together the various department of the
business so as to make tnem a success, but
it was found to conflict with a bill pre
viously introduced lor she benefit of the
"University of California and withdrawn.
Ihe committee has, however, urged upon
the regents of the university the impor
tance of establishing a deDartment to
carry out the purposes outlined by the
committee. A resolut on has been intro
duced by Reirent Arthur Kodgers wnich
covers the m;itter nicely.
The following resolution was offered by
Mr. Rich and adopted unanimously:
Betolved, That this committee earnestly re
quest tl.e Board ot Regents of the University
of California to promptly take such measures
it may deeoi wise to further the fiber indus
try of California, and that we pledge the
hi'ar.y support ot the State Development Com
mittee in any plans they may inaugurate.
In speaking on the subject, W. H. Mur
r»y, founder of the San Francisco Journal
of Commerce, said :
■'Mr. Rodgers' resolution, offered before
the Board of Kezents, meets with my
heartiest approval. A coilese of com
merce for the .State University is a timeiy
suggestion. It could co-op?rate in its
d'.itips with the College of Mining and the
College of Agriculture, thus benefiting in
common the mining and farming indus
tries and commercial and o:her trades.
''San Francisco should have factories,
not only lor fiber culture, but for tobacco
and linplate. Special reports could be
made, samples of articles of commercial
value placed on exhibition, and the devel
opment following would eive employ
ment to our mechanics, tend to build up ]
our cities and make a good demand for !
our horticultural and agricultural prod
ucts."
The following data as to the manufac
tures in San Francisco wers furnished by
the same gentleman :
Food products $40,000,000
.Metal 11.000.000
Textile, etc 30.00U.000
Lumber, etc 8.800.000
Leather, etc 8,000,000
Miscellaneous, or a toml £4,000,000
Vo.uine of trade 00,000.
FRATERNAL FELLOWSHIP.
A Beception to Be Tendered the Su
preme Commander of the Ladies
of the Maccabees.
Lillian M. Hollister of Port Huron, Mich.,
supreme lady commander of the Ladies of the
Maccabees, who is at present visiting the sev
eral hives ih the southern part of the State,
will on Friday next be tendered a reception t>y
the ladies of the several hives of this City in
Union-square Hall. Tiie supreme lady com
mander will, during; her stay in this City, pay
official visits 10 the different hives, and will
Blurt a school of instruction, so that the mem
bers of the order may become better acquainted
with the work of the order.
K«tr«>llB Parlor, Native Daughter*.
La Estrella Parlor has a membership that is
striving hard to make it in the order of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West what its
name implies, the star parlor, and if en
thusiasm can accomplish that end the ladies,
who are energetic as well as enthusiastic, will
succeed. Next Saturday night this parlor will
eive its fifth "at home" in Sierra Hall, Native
Sons' building. The "at homes" given by tnis
parlor have become very popular and are
greatly enjoyed by the friends of members as
well as by the sisters and brothers of the
order. The committee of arrangement has
expressed the determination that this one
snail be as enjoyable, if not more so, than any
that have preceded it.
'Die California Violets, I. O. O. F.
The second entertainment to be given by the
California Violets, a club composed exclu
sively of Old Fellows and R^bekahs, will be
given in Odd Fellows' Hall on the evening of
the 16th inst., next Tuesday, for the benefit of
the Odd Fellows' Home in Thermolito. Butte
Couniy. On that occasion there will be pre
sented v farce entitled -'Little Christopher "
after which there will be dancing.
THE CHINESE OASES.
They Fill Two Courtroom* and * Hall
way With Mongolians.
Two Chinese muraer cases are on trial
in the Superior Court, one in Judge
Dunne's department and another in the
department presided over by Judge
Troutt. As these courts are directij'
facing each other in t':e Larkin-street
wing of the new City Hall, the corridors
thereabouts are crowded with natives of
the Flowery Kingdom, giving the place the
appearance of the Unired States Marshal's
office in the Appraiser's building atter the
arrival of a reamer from the Orient.
•Lee Ah Lung, who has several alias
name attacned to him in the official in
formation, is being deiended by Attorney
John E. Richards before a jury in Judge
Dunne's court. P'or the Btate tl:ere is
quite an array of talent. Deputy District
Attorney Walu-r Hinkle is assisted by
lawyers M. M. Foote and C. B. Darwin.
Won? Long was the first witness for ihe
rrosecution. He testified that he saw
Lucy shoot An? All Chang on the 6th
of last October. According to hii story it
Wa« ;i deliberate murder.
"What did you do after the occurrence?"
naked Mr. Ricnards, and Wong Long
Bwnre that he walked into a restaurant
and to' k a cup of coffee.
Mr. Richards' questions shook tin story
of the witness in several particulars. He
intimated that he expected to show the
witness to be an opium fiend and not
worthy of credence.
In Judge Troutt's court Chin Ah Wan
is on trial for his li!e, charged with the
murder of Gin Lun Chee on the 4th 01
last October.
In this case also there are two lawyers
employed as special counsel for the prose
cution. District Attorney Barnes is
present in person as the representative of
the people, and he is assisted by Thomas
D. Riordan and W. \V. Foote. The law
yers for the defense are ex-Judge Robert
Ferral and Colonel T. V. Eddy.
DELAYED WILL CONTEST.
' Litigation Over the K§tate of a Man
Who Died Nineteen Years
Ago.
James S. Morgan has fil°d a sensational
suit against Cecilia Blackburn and Daniel
Blackburn. Morgan alleges that Mr. and
Mrs. Blackburn used undue influence over
the mina of James H. Blackburn, who
died January 27, 1888, when he made his
will on Jannnry 13, 1888, and that as a
consequence Morgan was excluded from
his rightful share in the $300,000 of the
testator. He avers that the defendants
acquired $250,000 by their wrongful acts
and insists that he is entitled to a large
portion of the property. The Superior
Court is asked to determine the rights of
the several parties in the property under
dispute. ___^________
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
JSTTBINES9 OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.i~
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: open until 9:33.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
■rrs* SOOTH SAN FRANCISCO •
t£Z£r Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M. meets^J\_
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. ■ t ~ lrsl 7*L3f
degree. By order of the .Master. /▼ '
E. C HARE, Secretary.
r~s» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO 1, F. ft
B?^ and A. M.,w11l meet THIS (THUR>-,j6^
DAY) EVENING, March 11. at 7:30J&27
o'clock. First degree. By order of ihe'^ rv
Master. * RAN KLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
B^S= DORIC LO DO K NO. 216. F. AND at
•S-i? a. M.. 121 Eddy st.— l a led met-
ing THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at^Wjf
7:.0 o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma-/V x
sons In good standing are invited. By order of the
W. M. J. 1:. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
t^S* FUNERAL NOTICE— V- NIT .\«T>>
1*& Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.-The^J,i I
funeral escort will pease take notice to at-tr<jv^
tend the funeral of our late bio'her. ■•OJIN **&*■
R. FITZSIMMONS, which will take place f 10111
his late residence, 1751 Hayes *ir, on THURS-
DAY MORNING at 7 o'clock sharp. Flues or
non-attendance will be strictly reed. By ord r
of WM. C. RILEY, Master Workman.
W. J. 1). Mart ix, Recorder.
E^W SAN FRANCISCO SCOTTISH . «7 >»
**& Thistle Club meets IHIS3V, {buu
(THURSDAY) EVENING at Fr.tern- > K»^L'«
lty Hall, 32 O'Farrell St.. a: 8 o clock. 't3*
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
Gkokgk W. Patkrsox, Recorder.
SJSSF* FRIENDS OF THE GOLDEN GATE
ft-^y Verein— The omcers and members of the
Friends of the Golden Gate Verein are hereby re-
g esied 10 attend the funeral of their la.c brother,
JOii.N F. Moi.Ll-R, 011TUURSDAY, at 2 o'clock j
p. m , from the parlors of 11. F. Suhr& Co., 1209
MbsiOL St., i.ear Eighth.
MRS. MATILDA VAN NIEL, President.
Mrs Julia Marks secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
g^S" THEY SELL ALL KI>DS OF DRY
K5" goods, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
towels, table covers, iaces. embroidery. linings,
trimmings, veilings, «-t  very cheap at .Pioneer
Dry-goods store. 105 Fifth st.
J
B^S 3 WaLLPaPER AT COST: INURAINS.9C;
sE~» r painting; paper-hanging. 1302 Webster si.
pg>BAD IKNANIS EJECTED. $3: COL- I
ft-*' lections, city or country; rates reasonable. I
Columbian Law *" Col. Agency. W. L. HARPER, j
Manager, fifth floor, 101 t>ansomest. Tel. M 2519. I
ttr'S* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR Si: ;
Ik~jy rollections made: city or country. Pacific j
Collection Co., 415 Montcy »'... room 6: tel. 6580. j
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
fT^= DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
K-»^ 41 (twenty-five cents per -share) of the j
HUTCJII.MsON i-UGAK PLANTATION COM-
PANY will be payable at the oflice of the com- \
pany, 3-7 M-rket st.. on and af.er SATURDAY, '■
March '_'0, 1897. Trunsfer-books will cloj'* SAT-
URDAY, March 13. 1b97. at 19 o'clock M. '
E. H. 9HH.DON. secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
VEAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL DESIRES
Xi siiuation as nurse, or second or housework;
$10 to $15; references. MISS CULLfc-N, 323
Suiter st.
COMPETENT SECOND GIRL. WITH REF-
erence, desire* a situation. J. F. CROSETT '
j & Co., 316 Sutler st.
i •_» FRENCH GIRLS DESIRE PLACES TO HO
j O upstairs work or care for children, good seam-
stresses: also one not speaking English. MRS.
DADaMI, 313 Sutler St.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFf ICE, 3J6 MA-
VJT son St., tel« phone Main 5332. furnishes reli-
able help of all nationalities.
WILL SOME GOOD MAN GIVE ME POSI-
H lion as housekeeper or take charge of lodging-
house? I am tiied of working under a woman; ca-
pable taking full charge. Address MINN IF, box
42, Ca 1 Office.
■\TOUNG|LADY. FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cumstances, desires lucrative position as house- !
keeper, or will do Kentleujen's ii-t.-ndine. 120 Ellis
St., room 17, st court floor: call after 12.
! GIBL WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
j A at light houseworvc; a good home more of an
I object. < a 1 1142 Howard si.
j yOUSG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
] X do housework. Call or add. L. C, 818 Turk st.
pEKMAN LADY, WITH GOOD KEFiJR-
XT ences, would Use position as sick nurse, com-
panion or take care of children. Call or address
835 Valencia st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day: experienced with laundry and house-
cleaning. "50;; Post su ' aggfM^ ',::v'
/"COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES POSITION
\J in American family, to do housework and
a -.si.st with children: no objection to short distance
lin the country. 602 Stock.on st.
' ■\VTIDOW, UNENCUMBERED, WOULD LIKE
IT position a 1 * housekeeper: pleasant home more
an otject than salary. %\ . 8., box 73, Call Office.
\rOTJNGt»IRIi WISHES TO DO HOU-EWORK
X and plain cooking in small fumilr, western part
of the city: wages $20. Apply s.)lVa Howard su
I)ESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WOULD
X like situation to do chamberwork, in city or
I country. Please address Miss ANNA GUND-
-1 LACH, New Western Hote , ro m 15.
1 DEFINED ENGLISH LADY, EXPERIENCED
-It housekeeper and good cook, desires situation
an housekeeper; pinaury preferred. 641 Natoma
St.. corner Little Kuss.
SWISS WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
„_ cook In boarding-house or restntirant: city or
country. Address A. .NAtGLK, 359 Jessie st.
C COMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
XJ wants position as cook: city or country. 923
bhotwell si.
JrIKST-CLAS-LAUNDRE S. WITH OF
r references, wishes to go out washing and Iron-
ing. 1329 tcott st., near O'Farrell. in rear.
pOMPETENT CHILDREN'S NL'BSJS WAN I S
\J silt nation; spt-aks French and English; good
references; city or country. 929 Pine su
IADY WOULD LIKE POSITION TO DO
1 chamberwork in small family: no children;
sleep home. Call for 3 days, 249 Fifth St., flat 2.
pKRMAN COOK WISHES MTUATION TO
XJ do houiewo-k in ptivate family. 1024 How-
ard St., room 15.
TWO LADIES FHOM THI- COUNTRY WISH
sewing and mending. 139 Fourth St., r. 7 and 8.
Call after 12.
■RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES POSITION
IV to do upuairs work or lend bakery; wages
£12 to 915. Call or address 7.9 Pine st.
WANTED— BY YOUNG LADY, POSITION
TT as stenographer and typewriter: very best
references. Address T. L., box 84, Call Oflice." ,
TWO SWEDISH GIRLS WISH POSITIONS
at housework in the country; best of city refer-
ences. Call 517 Post.
/ 'ERMA v WOMAN WANTS WORK WASH-
*■* ing, Ironing or any kind of work by the day.
Call or address 232 e-hipley si.
pOMPETENT,'- RELIABLE PROTESTANT
\J woman wishes to do general housework; city
or country. Call 1018 Howard st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnnwi.
DKKSSMAKKK WOULD LIKE WORK BY
1 / the day: fit guaranteed; reasonable. 536 Jes-
sie si.
GIRL WANTS A PLACE TO ASSIST IN
light housework or take care of a child; wages
$10 or $12. Call at 613 McAllister st.
/IOMI'KTENT SKAMSTBKBS AND CHAM-
V' bermaid wishes a situation; will take care of
children or do second work; city or country; good
reference. 10--4 Howard st.
I COLORED WOMAN WISHKS HOUSEWORK;
V^ first-class reference. Address 1604 Jones st.
I DRESSMAKER — FIRbT-CLAss FITTER,
U stylish draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker; by Iho day. 104 Grove St.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL DESIRES A PLACE
x to do licht housework; 412 a month. 1908
Ellis St., near !-co t.
i iOOD C- OK. WITH REFERENCE; HOTEL,
" * boarding-house or restaurant. Apply or ad-
dress 328 I'iiird ?t., in rear.
GERMAN NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
XT by ladles in confinement, sick ladies and chil-
dren. 132 Sixth St., room 16.
/COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES A
\J situation to do second work; good references.
672 \\ alnut aye., bet. winter aid 1 o>t sts.
EAT GERMAN GIRL, LATELY AHRIVED
i-i from Europe, wants place as cook and house-
maid in a good family. Inquire 1964 Howard .it.,
near Sixteenth. .*• -
t \
TXT ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGhD SCOTCH-
• • woman, a place to do general housework; 10
objection to large Jumily. 257 Stevenson st., beu
Tiiird and I'ourth.
STRONG, CAPABLE GERMAN GIRL; GOOD
0 cook and houseworker. Please call at 618 Her-
mann su
"IV" ANTED— by' MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
M with sood references unit exporience, pos.t on
as inval.d nurse or lareof infant; will go travel-
Ins;. Call at my present employer's, 655 Capp d.,
cor. Twenty-second; take Howard or Missions .
cars.
GIRI- WISHES TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK
and sewing: sleep at home preferred. Address
G. G., box 74, Call Office.
l/'RENCH LADY WISHES A POSITION TO
X mind children, or either upstairs work and
Sewing: good references- Address 419 Geary St.,
room "-1.
I RELIABLE WOMAN WANT- POSITION AS
x\i working housekcej.er; good cook and laun-
I dress; good city reference; city or country. 3377
Twenty-sixth st. , ur. Mission. •.
"lirANTI'.D-EMI'LOYMh.NT AS WETNURSK
"I by respectaule young married woman, child
2 weeks old: best of reference* given. Address
Sll Thirtieth St., city.
\\' ANTED-BY COMPE I JSNT GIRL A PLACE
»' for housework in , American family; a lulls;
wages *"^5. Address X i>., box 106, this oflice.
pEsPECTABLE YOUNG LADY (RECENTLY
J V from the Eusl) wants a place a* housekeeper
or chambermaid; hotel, bachelor's or widower*
home preferred. Room 4, Columbia Hotel, First st.
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
JV is a good cook and housekeeper: thoroughly
understand* her business; none but rrsponslble
parties need apply. Address 633 Stevenson st.
DKJ'.SS.MAKICII; STYLISH AND LONG EX-
p<rience; finest worK: McDowel system of
cutting:: engagements in families. 419 Geary si.,
room 1.
GERMAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
carver, wishes steady situation: first-class
luncbhouse preferred. 90 Shipley, cor. Fourth.
■\rORWF;GIAN OIKL WISHES ANY KIND OK
li housework by the day. Call 1133 Vi Pacific
St., from 9 to 1 o'clock.
VOU.NIi COLORED GIItL WISHES SITUA-
x tion to do light housework or take care of
children Address E. E., box 76, Call Office.
"\\r AN TED— SITUATION AS BOOKKEEPER
'» or stenographer by a competent young lady
of experience; small salary to bezln with ex-
pected. Address stenographer, box 49, Call Office.
"\-OV.NG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
X [.lam sewing at home. 131 Taylor St., r. i
"yOTJNG GiRL WISHES PLACE IN NICE
X family as good plain cook and general house-
work ; is very reliable. Plea-ie call .925 Han Is. m
St., bet. Fifth and ! lx b.
1 'OOD, RELIABLE WOMAN WIsIIhS POM-
'T tion as working housekeeper: understands the
care of children or will il> cbamberwork. Address
MriS. M. .'iixii:!'., 4272 Twenty-nith su, bet.
Castro »nd Diamond.
LU'^T-CLASS laundress would like a
X 1 situation in private lamily. S 1., box 70, Ca 1.
RE^MAKEIt WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
by the any or at home, or a stead)* situation
I with dressmaker; willing to cross the bay for day
j wore; $1 50. Addren MR.-. A., box 74, Call.
VOUiNG OIHL WANiS A PLACE TO ASSIST
j X in M^-ht housework or to ta,:e care of children.
i Cull or address lV6.>\ a llowarJ st.
! ATEAT, COMPETENT AND FIRST-CLASS
! -»-' young lady stenocrni)ti(»r and typewriter d<»-
-1 sires sftua'.iou: will assist with accounts; best of
references; salary SO per week. Audreys L. A.,
box 4«, Call Oflice.
yOU.NG GERMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
-1 tlon to take rare of 1 or 2 children. Apply
1t.23 Powell st. rear.
r A.NTED-BY GOOJU WOMAN GENERAL
• » housework; is a good cook; city or country;
references. 1006 MarKet st.
I
A'ul N(» GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
x tion In wiJower's or bachelor's household. 38
Eddy St., room i.
yOUMi GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES GEN.
x ilemun's ■mending at home. '66 Eddy st.,
room 1.
SWEDISH GIRL, JUST ARRIVED, WISHES
a place lor general housework. 113 a Florida
j street.
AMERICAN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
J. V companion and nurse with invalid; 11 c Meal
references. 1530 Eddy, i.r. fcteinor (t-fiernoons).
T\r ANTED— PUA.IN BKWINU AND MEND-
j TT ing; reasonable prices. At 1613 Polk si.
■yOUNG DANISH GIRL WANTS ANY KIND
X of wok by the day, washing, etc. App.y 600
Broderick st., near Hayes.
ASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE WANTS
a permanent position as housekeeper in lodg-
ing-house or widowei's home, j.oom 3, 995 Mar-
ket st.
p IRL STUDENT WOULD LIKK WORK DUR-
VJ ing forenoons; cleaning house, oflice or halls
preferred. Address A. G., box 136, Call Office.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
O Call taken at brsnea office, 33tf iiHycs »t»;
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
yOUKG A.ND ATTRACTIVE LADY DE-
i- sires a position as typewriter; Kood disposition.
120% Geary St., room 2, first floor.
"VTOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF REKINE-
x mint and culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or lachelor's nous-.
Room '£, 122 Post st.; call after 12.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
• T The Cam. are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission ss.
POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG WIDOW
Xas working housekeeper, (.all or address 112
Taylor St.. room 14.
171 O LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
tlO CALL: mbs(;rintions an i want ad* taken.
r ANTEU — BY A SCOTCH PROTESTANT
TT Klrl, cooking and houseworic In American
family; can give, reference, Call 720 Ellis st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR M 1.1-
-sion; branch office of Tei Call. sub-
; scriptions and want ads taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms - jsc 10 SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and hn-gnzc to ami from the lorry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
-LL employment office, removed to 614 >/ 3 Califor-
nia St.. near Keuriiy. el. main 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4111/2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTJiLi.IGh.NUE AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.; tel Aiain 5234.
CHINESE & JA PA-Ni-SE; EsT'D 20 YKAK3:
help; tel. main 1997. BRADLEY .fcCu.. 64o Clay
AM KEE-CUINESE AND JAPKNESK EM-
ployment oflice. 61ly, Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
MAN AND WIFE (GERMAN). NOT LONG
in this country; are willing and can do any
kind of work: city or country. A. NAjIGLE, 359
Jessie st.
Situation Wanted by a swedish man
O In st ire, or drive or collect, take orders: best
Of reier nee; strictly sober; well acquainted. 513
McAllister st.
■yOUNG MA>, 21. WISHES POSITION IN
X some office: will work for 56 a week. J. LEON-
ARD, box 139. Call Office.
IIUATION WANTED BY A GOOD ALL
round upholsterer and mattress maker. Ad-
dress J. C, box 103 Cull Oflice.
\\T ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED AMErT-
TT can, with references, p ace. about priv.ite
place; horse, cow an. , garden: Handy with tools;
moderate wages. : Address Earnest, 224 Seventh.
ELDER; V MAN A LITTLE LAM K WOULD
wort for a good home; I.i used to cooking mid
housework; Englishman, y J li., : b0x (169, Call.
yOU.NG MAN. 27, DESIRES POSITION IX
x store or dtive delivery-wagon: sober and re-
liable: can give bonds from >500 to $1000 if re-
quired. Address CJ. F., box 96, Call Office.
BTTCATIONS WANTED— Continued.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK WANTS A
0 situation in city or country. Address F. It.,
1329 Pine st. • ■ ■ '
\\T AN POSITION BY YOUNG GER-
'" man as teamster or on ranch. R- P., box 01.
Call Office.
1?IRS1-CLASS BOOKKEEPER WANTS EM-
X ployment; mine, ranch, winery or general
store; willing to give such other services as de-
sired to fill time: salary low. Address J. J.. box
2 1 , CalL ■
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
In a wholesale store or elsewhere. Address
J. G. H., 51& McAllister St.
THOROUGH HOTEL MAN DESIRES
X charge of small hotel or rooming-house on
percentage or small salary; highest reference.
H. H., box 160, Call. .
THOEOUOU GARDENER, GERMAN, DE-
X sires permanent employment: is willing toper-,
form work about the house and barn if required.
Address Gardener. 560 Howard st
-
WANTED- SITUATION AS BARTENDER,
"■with view to purchase: wages no object. Ad-
dress A. A., box 146, Call. ■
IDDLE-AGKD AND INTELLIGENT DANE
v. ishes a situation about private place In city
or Oakland; can take care of horses, garden, cows;
best or reference and experience; willing to work
for small wages and good home. Audress A. C,
box 45, Call Office.
UTINCHKSTKR HOVaK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
81 60 to .$« per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
X> st Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ANTED — POSITION AS CLERK IN A
TT grocery-store by German boy 17 years old;
small wages and board and lodging. 727 Davis st.,
saloon.
1 MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
BOOKKEEPER AND ACCOUNTANT OFEN-
X 3 larged experience In commercial and financial
lines desires situation; first-class references. *l-
dL-iity, box 82, Call.
pOACHMAN; BY YOUNG MAN (23); CAN
XJ milk and do plain cardening; good references.
A. 8., box 109. Call Office.
P. »>7 MONTGOMERY, CORNER OF CLAY—
O£i\ open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and waul ads. taken.
«_>QQ HAVES »T.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
•JiJO 'in Call: BUbscriptiom and want ads
taken.
FIMAIE HELP WANTED. . '
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GlitL. LIGHT j
vJ housework, country, $15: see party here this
morning MURRAY & READY, 634-656 Cay st
voukg catholic WOMAN, PLAIN cook-
X. ing,;institntion, $20; girl or woman who cau
speak Italian fir hotel, $16. MURRAY &
HEADY, 634 636 C ay St.
JVJEAT GIRL OR WOMAN. HOUSEWORK,
-L' $15, Antioch; homework. Belvedere, $25; St.
Hele ia, $26: 12 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25: H young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
M ISS CULLKN, .1-3 Sutler St.
LAUNDRESS; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
butter at.
GKRMvN OR SWEDISH COOK; $30. MISS
VJT. CULLEN, 323 .-utter St
pOOK, COUNTRY: $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
V/ Sutler st.
HOrSEWOUK. ALAMEDA; $20. MISS CUL-
LBN, 323 sut:erst.
[FRENCH MAID, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
' sutter st.
Waitress. $20. country, miss CUL-
TT LEN, 323 Sutter si.
GIRL, SUTTER ST., $15; 2 GIRLS, WEB. j
'J s.er st, $15; girl, Twentieth St.. *15: 2 gins, !
Oikland. in!., $15: girl, i'acitic :m., $15 girl. Gold- ,
en Gate »ye, $15: girl, Taylor St., $15; girl, Ba- !
ker St., $15; g rl, Flllmore st., $15; girl, Green st , ■
15: girl, Geary st,.. $16; girl, Pacific st., $16: girl, I
Eddy st , $15: girl, Baker st , $16: 16 young glris, j
itS $.0 ami $12 per month, assist, etc. MAR- i
TIN'S, 749 Market.
GIRL, HAIGHT ST., $18: GIRL, POST ST., I
"T ••JO: girl, Castro St., $20; girl, Vallejo, Cal., !
$20; girl, Broudway, $i 0; girl, Flllmore St.. 320; j
girl. Eddy St., #18: tlrl, Scott st., $20: eirl.Gokleu
«.atei>vi-nne, $1M; girl, Octavla st., $20. MAK-
TI.%».-, 749 Market at
\\T AlTßKtss. COUNTRY, $18 AND R.-OM;
'» waitress, city, $20, no Sunday work; girl for
bakery ; 2 girls for Country laundry; head waitress !
$20 ii nd room: waitress, city. $20 and room; wait- !
; r««s, $5 a week. MAR TIN'S 749 Market si.
GIRL FOR DELICACY STORE; CALL EAR*
ly. MA.-. TIN'S, 749 Market.
pOOK IN RESTAURANT, CITY, $15; SEC-
\j onil work, city. $15: German girl, housework,
Oakland, $.0; 4 German gir.s. housework, city,
$20, $25, it-. 0: nursegiri, city, $15; gtils for house- |
work and assist, SiO. $12, $20. C. R. HAiNSEN
&. CO.. lit Geary st.
WOMAN TO RUN" A SHIRT- POLISHING
*• machine, country 'nundry, $12 60 a weeK.
C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary st
rn.YPEWiUTKR (REMINGTON) a.nd assist-
-1 ant c'.erk; $5 a week. C. R. HAN SEN «fc CO.,
110 Geary st
A GERMAN AND SCANDINAVIAN COOKs,
T £25; laundres-i, private family, $25; dish-
washer, restaurant, $20; nune,invalid, $20, aud a
large number ot girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31« Suiter st.
\\r ANTED— 2 COOKS, GERMAN STYLE, $25;
'» French nurse, $2 ; French maid and seam-
stress, *25: Catholic maid, $25; young girls to as-
sist in hnusework, $10. $12 and »15. LEON
AN DUE, removed to 308 atocKton.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CT -.: GIRLS OF
all nationalities to fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
"PHOTO -RETOUCHER AND PRINTER:
X state age, experience, compensation, etc.; ref
erences: sample. Address P., Berkeley.
1 AI)Y AGENTS WANTED TO WORK FOX
\-i reliable firm on salary; must make small de-
posit. Cull 216 Eddy, Thursday, 9A.K.t04 p. M.
LADY UNDER 30 FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
J keeping; can learn manicuring; good home.
Call alter 11, 11 6 Taylor.
\,i 1 DOLE- AGED WOM.vN TO COOK ON
IV ranch; no objections to lor 2 children. 4
Adalr st., off Howard, bet Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
EXPERIENCED OPERATOR ON SINGER
machines: electric power. 1888 Market st.
tTTnisTiers wanted ON CUSTOM COATS.
I 604 .1. •■■,:.• . "V;^
GERMAN COOK. $25; 6 GIRLS FOR GENE-
VJT ral housework, $10, $15. $20. 313 Suiter St..
T/INIsHER WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS
X and buttonholes. 123 Russ st.
/ 1 ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSIi-
\JT work. 1709 Post 8:.
WANTED— 3 FINISHERS ON PANTS;
steady work. 23 Kearuy st. room 6.
GIRL TO TEND STORE. APPLY 12 TO 2,
\J Pa.o Alto Farm, 1600y 2 Mission st.
WANTED— GOOD DRESSMAKER AND AN
TT apprentice at. M RS. Kl-.MP'.-, 336y 2 Sixth st.
WANTED- GIRL ON FINE CUSTOM-MADE
i oats. '461 Jessie st.
VfEAT GIRL, HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
1* cooking; $10; state age. Girl, box 139. Call.
McDOWr.LL DRESSMAKING AND MIL-
J'l linery School— Rapid method: easy to learn;
bes system: patterns 25c. 103 Post st
WANTED — r.XPERT SKIRT - -UAKtR;
TT none others need apply. 312 Post st.
1 ADIEU AND GENTLEMEN WISHING TO
JJ sing in the Grand Chorus March 17th, evening
of si Patrick's Dar, at Mechanics' Pavilion,
please call or address J. W. McKENZIE, Musical
Director, 524 Eddy st _■ f
I'ISISHIiRSON LADIES' CLOAKS, LADIES'
X tailoring department. M. r . KELLER CO.,
Oakland. .
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHO L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF - lHi£
i Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
ANTED— IO VOU-NU LADIES TO LEARN
■»T barber trade: shop to Open May 1. Particu-
lars call l;<Ky 2 Eighth st. & F. Barber College.
i.'-\ C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
\Ji-O Call: subscriptions and warn ads. taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st. near Market:
201) rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
per week: free 'bus aud baggage to and from ferry.
Ip LYNX 'a DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
J Academy. 14 McAllister st: $1 a week. : : ■
MALE HELP WANTED.
Oft WOODCHOPPERS, $1 PER CORD, BOKO-
£\} ma County; 6 tarmeis: farmer and : wife,
$30: 3 choreboys: laundryman, $30; lroner, 830;-
-waiter, $30; 4 cooks; 2 l dishwashers. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st.
SE OND COOK. GOOD ON SHORT ORDERS
and oysters, restaurant, city, $45. CR. HAN-
si N & CO., 110 Geary si.
I AUNDRYMAN T.« RUN A SHIRT MA-
J-> chint, country, $12 6) per week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. •. • " ;
DISHWASHER, SPRINGS, $20; CALL EAR-
Iy. C. R. HAN:-EN CO., 110 Geary st. >
TT l TEL CLERK. C. R. BANBEN & CO., 110
Geary SU
UTIT.T WANTED- Contfnn«»T. \
WANTED— MIIKER AND . WIFE. $40;
TT fainvr and wife. »30; marriel farmer, wife
to cook for hotel, $50; benchhand for planing-
mill, $3 a day: farmers. American b.acksmith
and woodworker, . and others. ,. . Apply to J. x.
CROSKTT <t Co., 628 Sacramento st -
WANTED— GERMAN RESTAURANT COOK,
$50: good holler to go south, $25; man to
milk cows ar.d make butter, prlva.e place, $20:
milker, wife to cook, $40, eic, as ANDRE'S, <JOB
Stockton si. ■
TIT A FOREMAN for large grain
TT ranch; must be single man, under 60 years of
age, with California experience and first-class ref-
erences: $50 p>T month and found. W. D.
E ERA CO., 62b »- lay St.
UTTER AND CHEESE-MAKER, CREAM-
ery work. MARTIN 749 Market st.
"YOUNG MAN To WAIT SOME, $12 AND
1 room;- night cook for Nevada. MART. IN
7.9 Market st
/COLORED PORTER AND BELLMAN, $16,
\J city. MARTIN'S, 749 Market si.
l/IRST-CI.ASS CARRIAGE PAINTER TO
-T rent shop; stock and tools for sale. Address
C, box 150, Call Office.
AERONAUT WANTS BUSINESS MANAGER
with $150 to travel and handle finances for
the season of ' 97. Address Aeronaut, 00x.107,Ca11.
OEAMEN AND- GP.EEN HANDS FOR
0 steamers for Alaska and coast. 904 Kearny
si., upstairs.
-y-OUNG MAN TO RUN A PONY CYLINDER
X press; must have had experience. Call at 52
Market st. . - .;> * ; r: ;.
GENTLEMEN AND I.ADIf.B WISHING TO
VX sing In the s. rand chorus March 17. evening of
St. Patrick's day, at Mechanics' Pavilion, please
call or address J. W. McKENZIE, Musical Di-
rector, 524 Eddy st
BOY TO MAKE HIMSELF USEFUL IN COAL-
yard. 1.i17 Pine si.; wages $4.
BOY FOR BUTCHER-SHOP-TO CUT MEAT;
references. Butcher, box 57, Call Office.
1 ARGE BOY TO RUN ERRANDS AT 291
Xj Everett St., near Fourth.
\\T ANTED— STRONG BOY TO WORK IN
T> baker-shop.. 2129 Mission st.
OHCEMAKER ON REPAIRING AND NEW
0 Iron s. 026 Sixth st.
\\r ANTED— TRIMMING CUTTER. 81EBE
TT shoe Company, 26 Jessie st.
GOOD AGENT WAN 1 ED: SALARY AND
' commission. Particulars, 539 California st.
WANTED- J-TKADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
>* position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply after ,i i: m. 9 Geary st., room 2.
UNEMPLOYED, GOTO 'IHE BENEFIT TO-
day. 639 ia if or- la st.
SECOND EXPEDITION SOUTH SEA ISLAND
0 now formed. ..:;;• California st.
COOK AS PARTNER IN CHOPHOUSE: $100
- month guaranteed; piice $200. Barber-shop,
I 22 Mason st
BARBER OUTFIT OF 6 ARCHER CHAIRS
and all fixtures complete with chance for well-
located store to move into. For further particu-
lars apply to SfOLLZ. 630 Market st
VV ANTED — A SOLICITOR FOR FAMILY
•" liquor trade: references required. Address
8., box iO. Call Office.
BOY WANTED; GERMAN PREFERRED;
from 14 to 16 years. 264 Fourth st.
2 FIRS '-CLASS SHOEMAKERS WANTED
—> Immediately. 1608 Park st, Alameda.
BARBERS— GOOD 2-CHAIR SHOP; ClGAR-
stand: cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 r.llis.
/• YOUNG MKN FOR LuNG JOB: NO EXPE-
U rience necessary. HERMAN'S, 637 Clay st
SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR NEW WORK
vj and renal, ing. Apply this office.
WANTED- AN EXPERIENCED CANDY-
IT maker with $600 to buy good going business |
and factory in good location. Address Candy, box
138, vail office.
l/<7 NINTH ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
1U I The Call,; subscription and waul ads.
taken.
nCOi> MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION.-* AND
_•'_'> want ads taken for THE CALL.
LADY wants gentleman partner:
only $25 cupha'. 1 Flf.b st, room 1.
|>ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMEN 1 CALL SEC.
J) P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FlicHS, 325 Grant aye.
BARBERSHOP— MUST BK Mil.D, ON AC-
J-> coun; of sickness. • 1944 Market su
Or >.),■ MISSION bT.— BRANCH OFFICkI OF '
_• » — It luu Calx; tmbscriptious una wane ads
taken. i
JOURNEYMEN HAKi. Kits' i-.... lLuiiln.M
EC-retarv .H. BKRWAKX), 102 r-eventh st ;'
7||jl PAIR MEN'S SHOES! BEEN DAM-
-1 \j\i aged by water, at Jess than one-fourth their
value, from 75c up to $2 10. 562 Mission st., bet
First and Second streets.
CITY OR COUNTRY TAILORS WILL
profit by Rfndmg their coats to San Francisco
Coat-makers, 17 mockton pi. • strictly while labor.
QTYLISH AND DURABLE CaLF SHOES j
C? made to order, $2 50: cheapest place in city for j
repairing and second-hand shoes. 959 Howard st. i
IF YOU ARK GOING TO YUK GOLD
J- fields. Alaska. join the Johnson party, leaving
here March 20. Johnson's Alaska Outfitting I
Agency, 213 !■- ansome st.
\\' ANTED— SEAMAN, ORDINARY SEAMAN
* ' and grfcn-hands for whaling and deep-water
vessels. Apply at McMAUON & MCCARTHY,
11/ Drumm St., upstairs.
INGLE ROOMS 10a AND 16c NIGHT, 60c I
and 75c week. Llndell House. Sixth and Mowad. !
WANTED- SAILORS FOR -TEAM WUAL-
" en and sealers at LANE'S, 604 Davis St.
It' ANTED, YOUR SHOE'S —WE REPAIR
" shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
lug through the clay can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wuit; ladies' soling, 35c; men's
soling. 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged i y water at
less tnan one-fourth their value, from 75c up to
$2 50. 662 Mission st, bet. First and Second.
ROOMS, 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
L'IRST- CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
-T cloaks ami suits. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market
W ANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
vi Thb Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis.
\\ ANTED.TOCOLLECT WAGE-DUE LABOR-
" ers&clerks KN OX Collection Ai;cv, 110 sutter.
"Ijecruits wanted *o±; THE U. B. MA- |
XV rln» Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar- |
ried men between the ages of 21 and St) years i
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be- |
come such: must, bo of good character anJ habits
and able to speak, read and write English aud be
between & feet 6 inches and 6 feet In height For
further information apply at the Recruiting OOicu,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
of some simple thing to patent? 1 rotect your
ideiis; they may bring you wealth. Wilt* JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of lOtiO inventions wanted.
ELCHoHOU-i.. Sb3Vi MAKKKTaT.- JikiVMd
20c, 25c to 50c nicrtit; »1 lo $2 wee*.
1 liTi - Vl<ii BRANCH O*t ICK OF
1' > I Tub Call,: subscription aud wauL ads
taken. • >':' ; V./.:'. , ':\ .
'PRY ACME HOUSE. J157 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; -sc- a iiight: $1 a week.
BE^T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 1 ■>, 20 AND
25 cents per nli;bt: $1, $1 - /5, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial mid I.eidenrlorrT sis.
inn -AiEN TO JAKE LODGING AT 10c, i5O
A \J\J and '-'Oc a nignt Including cotfea aud roils.
124 Washington st. near Kearnv.
W'ANTJ-.D— LABORERS AN MECHANICS
to know that Ed P.olkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: ii-J
large rooms; 25c, per night; $1 io $3 per week. ;
"DOSED ALE. 321 ELLIS SINGLE FUR-
XV nlshed rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
EMMU.. WANTS IUU M...N TuiuKT. 801-
. He beer or wine 6c : besi free lunch. 643 Clay.
WANTED-SINGLh. ROOMS, 16c ADA V ; $1
week: rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 » wo» ,
read room: daily papers. £6 Clay si. /
WINCHESTER HOUStu, 44 l Hllill ST.. Nil.
Market; ;.-, 200 : rooms. 25c ■ a night; reading-
room: free bin and na-'.-:i3rp to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANIED TO INVEST $16 IN
stock. Enamel . ign Co., 205 Ellis.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
XI Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHIT.I KER <& RAY COMPANY, 7j3 Market St.
BOARDING WANTED.
ANTED— board whkrk RALBToN
TT; Health Club lood is used; state price. B. C.,
box 102, Call. .... ■..., :
.: BOOMS WANTED.
p ENTLEMAN WANTS A BRIGHT SUNNY
XT room east of Larkin st.; ate terms, " which
must be reasonable. Address R. T. L., . box 84
call Office. - . < _".;" ..;, . '
ROOM, $6 OR $6 A MONTH; YOUNO MAN
' Address A. A., box 17, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
■\\r ANTED — PHOTOGRAPH TENT FOR
VV traveling. 8. T., box 42, Call.
UILDINUS 80l i>il 1': LUMBER. SASHEtJL
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1168 Mission sk
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHINU A.Mi itCtt-
OelrvioA. KLKIN. 10.« sixth; lit: •rifcl postaL
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
on-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1,400
•)U 24- room house, only. 650
10 rooms, very fine... 250
24 rooms on Market st 850
14 rooms, only 250
28 rooms, omy 1,000
46 rooms; offer wanted 1.350
SI rooms for exchange i,4OJ
24 ro mi, only 650
10 rooms, on McAllister St. 400
20 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 rooms on butter 350
7-room house, 0n1y.... 250
18 rooms. neiir the Baldwin... 500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
■j a rooms, van NESS aye., now
I 'it payi g $650
11 rooms, new; north: paying 650
21 rooms; north: paying tine 1500
UNDER & CO., 765 Market st.
/*f»-R<>OM HOUSE: WELL FURNISHED;
UU n.B st sell: make offer. 418 Ellis.
-I A ROOMS: NEW FURNITURE; RENT RE-
Xtt duced; part cash. 402 Geary St.
QOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
tiO'J call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XV must close out stock in 30 days; brussels car-
pet, 42V2C yard; floor oilcloth. 18c: mat in?, 7o
yard: bedroom sets, 3 pieces. $9 50; 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $65. sIUKKIv <£ SHIREK, 747
Market st , opp. Grant aye. - '
<Si '->(\f\ FOR HALF INTEREST IN A M ANU-
f£) OUU facturing business. 328 Bush st. , rm. 4.
FURNITURE, STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
X 1 tens, showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
AT L. J. NEUjsIANN'S. 117 SIXTH.
lowest prices on household roods: new or good
is new: cas . or on time: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED:
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc. STREET& CRESWELL. Auctioneers, 927
Market st. rm.316. Houses bought in theireutirety.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNt-
-1 tore and merchandise see iSURD, 211 Larklo.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAIO
by lnd:aui» Auction 1057 Market.opp.Jonei
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
VJ new. J. McQUEEN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY SThAM CARPET CLEAN WORK*
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENa
M . r. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
VV HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»T poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 3.13-57 Tehamast.; tel. So. 41).
CARPET-i LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANIINU CO., 402
J\. Sutler; tel. Main 394. GKO. WALCOM, prop.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg, alter-
. ation works. 409 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
riARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
CIARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKK
/new. 23 Tenth; lei. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
JE. MIICHIiLL, L'ARI'KT-I LEANING CO,
. 240 14th su : cleaning Sc a yard. Tel. Mis. 74,
pONKLIN'S C/KPitT- BEATING WORKS
\J 333 (Solden Gate aye. Teleplione Kast 1-6.
HORSES.
WANTED— A GOOD SINGLE WOKKHOR-E, j
Vi weight 1200 pounds. At Labor exchange,
322 Davis st.
AC\ HORSES FOR BALE: ALSO WAGONS,
*3"" buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade ilorsa
Market, 327 sixth sU: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
roR SALE CHEAP-40 YOUNG WORK AND
-T business horses: also 10 mules. Cor. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
C (\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
tlUbuslness 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-su car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mu!e<.
£ 11(1 BKT NKW AND &KCOND-HANi> iiAkt-
O\J\J ness: till kinds: boggy, wajron, carts, surra/
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. i3:n and Valenclt.
W ANTKD— A TROTTING- HOUSE IN EX-
IT change on piano. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
JAHGE STABLE AND LOFT FOR RENT
Jj cheap. Linden live., urar Van Ness.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
■VJ-KWAND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LA UN-
-Li dry and milk wagon; also fine top buggy and
ruckaway. 828 Harrison sU
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
(.in ALMOST NEW WHITE SEWING-
•TTIO. machine, attachments complete. 812 a
Filbert St.
SMALL SKCONJJ-HAND LATHE-MACHINE.
Address P. H. I'ETEKSKN, 342 Minna st.
"L^OR SALE— A THRASHER ENGINE IN
X perfect order. Apply 321 Sutter st.
HANDSOME LARGE GILT FRAME MIR-
XX ror. costing $150, for half price. 739 Pine st.
1 MA SHARES OF CYPRESS LAWN CKME-
L\J\J te-y stock. R. a., box 139. Call Office.
/CONCORD STAGE; FIRST-CLASS CON DI-
\J tion; cheap. Address 527 Green st.
pETALUMA. INCUBATOR: NEARLY NEW;
X capacity 230 eggs. 1141 .-liver ;ive.
T/'OK SALE — SMITH PREMIER TVPE-
-T writer nearly new and cabinet desk: also fine
Parisian music-box, $200; cost $600. 41 Third su
* FINE BLACK SUIT, $12 50. MISFIT
J\. CLOTHING Parlors, 613 Montg'y, cor. Com'l.
Ol DOZEN EXTRA CHOICE BROWN LEG-
++•& horn laying pujlets. 709 Ashbury st.
ff* 1 /■» DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE; IN
«jpXU. good order. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
(Treat* dank PUPS: THOROUGHBRED.
IT 810 Elizabeth St.. W. of Castro.
DOM K.STIC SEWING MACHINE; SIX
drawers; $30. 2408^ Sacrameuto st., rear,
downstairs. ; ":iC":.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINES; NEW AND
second-hand; tools, supp ies, etc. 766 Bryant
IpULTON IRON WORKS ENGINE; 50^
: X 1 horsepower. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
| OFFKK MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESSI
! \J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
I »uJLKRS,ENGI.SEsi,^I>HAxNI> MACHINERY
Xi water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
j. AKS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
-1 > Ing, eta, bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7tb.
TAUGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bnnksaft*; ctiea ■. 8 Mission su
i. ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
i-> cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
; second hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1010-1021-1023
Mission s'.., above Sixth.
"VTEW ELMWOODRANOKS ARE THE BEST.
J-\ W. K. RAY MFG. CO, 12 California su
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZK
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market sl
A KHEIIS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS -THS
<T- A EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LOST.
LOST— BUNCH OF KEYS. FINDER RE-
turn to 619 Thirty-second st.
I OS I— SUNDAY. MARCH 7, LADIES' GOLD
J watcb, monogram "L. ti," between Sutterand
Larkin. Eighteenth and Guerrero; liberal reward.
4150 seventeenth st
LOST— OPERA-GLASSES, NEIGHBORHOOD
of 3174 Twenty-third, Sunday evening. Re-
ward on returning to above address.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
-»-* su: want ad* and subscriptions taken.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A BPEO
ialty: private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. private detectives: estab. 10 yean.
G. W. HOWE, 850 .Market St. corner Stockton sU
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. . W. W. DAVIiiaON. 927 Market su
KW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• lcle building; advice free: lowfe s: all case*
ADVICE FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessfui. J. G. JEFFRKSS. 632 Market, rm.3B.
. PROFESSIONAL CARDS. .
JOHN R. AITKKN AND M /> U MICE LASHER,
attysatlaw, mil 516,&lo, 5t." floor, I'nrrotb.dg
I OHN E. RICHARDS, LAW uFI JCJtS. ROOMS
O 26 and 27, Crocker ? wuluui*; ««i»i«u«u* Haw
'<&, Kan Fraucuco, CaL
BUSINESS CHANCES.
MECHANICS' .HOTKL AND Ba"r^
«Ip i D\J. 32 furnished rooms, large kitchen, din-
ing and sittinc r«onis: excellen locality; down-
town; established over bO years and lias i\iiv y s
made money; very low rent: lease: house al-
ways filled and paring; death of owner causes
sale. A. S. LESS. 1032 Maruet st. ..
Q*r;,\n SALOON: closk to MAIIKKTrf
<ri)>l''. first-class business locality ; ( ie( I
18 years; doln« a fine business; Hrst-cla-s bar-
K»in: no such chance ever offered. A. s. I.K-ij
1032 Market st.
Si (\f\ SALOON: NORTH OF MARKET ST.!
j-\J\J. nicely fitted up: paying place: Rood
reasons for selling; a bargain. A. S. LESS, 1032
Market st.
ffl<lCA BUTCHER-SHOP AND FRUIT
<H)XOU. store, situated in the Mission; cheap
rent; well titled up place; bargain. A. S. LKSs
1032 Mark t si.
fflj/XAA Bi».\Rt»lNG-H >•■ >-E OF 64 MArjl
<ijp\lO\'\J. niflceiitly furnished rooms; is situ-
ated In most desirable locality nor. h of Market hi. •
always filled with clioict.se, moil select and poail
lively tin; bes"- (lass of paying patrons: tins house
could not be duplicated for less than $9000: owner
retir.ns irom bnsimss will bear t:Hirou-,-h investi-
gallon. A. S. LEsS, 1032 Marke;s;.
flUO'fV ■ PARTNER WANTKD IN CORNER
tJpZ.O\f. butchershop: north of Market s. ; horse
and cart: experience not necessary. A. S. Ltss.
1032 Market su
"ICKCREAM. CANDY AND STATION! Tv
X store, with 4 sunny living-rooms in Western
Addition: near large school; only store of Us kind
in vicinity; bears investigation. A. S. LEas, 1033
Market st.
ftQfiA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tIpOUU. notion store; in Western Addition-
elegant fixtures large stock: 4 llvin.-ruomi- rent
$16 60. A. .-. LESS, 1032 Market st.
< Jt'7C\fi CORNER GKOCERY AND BaIT
«jp I UU. north of Market sU; 4 living-rooms'
ren. only $25: old established business; extensive
bar Hade: other business causes sate. A. a LEsh
1032 Market st. ■
©Ofin CIGAR-STORK; CLOSE TO MAR-
«Jp^UU. ketst.: good rnn of trade: very profiu
able business: a fine bargain; bears luvestig'auon.
A. S. LKS.-5, 1032 Market St.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNt-
ture. restaurant, saloon fixtures and Kroeerr
stocks. STKNBEKG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
<& Aftfl RESTAURANT NEAR KaILROAX>-
ifTUV. depot; large number of regular boarders:
neat, attractive place: part cash, balance real
estate. STENiiEitU & Co., 632 Market.
(2:9^0 BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, ETC.: 1
<!PZj'J\J. Western Addition. sTENIiEKO, 63*\
Market. ■ '
flt^nrk RESTAURANT MEN, ATTENTION; .
(JpUW.tobny one of the best-paying places?
receipts $45 dally; trial given: fullest investing
lion. Sii-NBERG <fc CO., 632 Market at.
ffi«l inn BUTCHER-SHOP; KsTABLIBHEO
tJpiJLV/U. 10 years: cuts 12 cattle, 25 sheep. 8
hogs weekly: 3 hor-es, 4 wagons: rent, lncludma
■table, only $40. STENBtRG. 632 Market
DECKER'S BARGAINS', 1020 MARKET 6T,
XJ $'^00— Barber-snop for sale.
$350— Stationery ore for sale.
50— Branch bakery for sale,
$6SO— Restaurant for sale.
$450— Coffee saloon for sale.
$4Co— Candy-store for sale.
$350— Wood and coal yar I.
1800— Grocery and car for sale.
$2500— Bakery and restanranu
$175— Cigar-store for sale.
$350— Meat market for sale.
$800— Coffee saloon and restaurant.
$400— Saioon for sale.
(JljQijrv GRAND CHANCE FOR 2 MEN OB
tJpOUU. man and wife: restaurant and coffe*
parlors: fine location on Market 5..; busimss of
$30 per day: selling only on account of other
business. nEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL. IN ES-
tabl^hed manufacturing cuslness; one can
tend store or drive horse, and wagon. 1041 Valen-
cia st.
»Cj||j SECUKhS HALF INTEREST IN A
»J5«J' '\J good business: ample security elven for
luves-menu Address C. c. 86t Thirty-fourth,
at, Oakland.
WANTED- MAN TO TRAVEL; SMALL)
if capital required; good proposition. T. M.,
box 49, Call.
(jTjOii/» PARTNER WANTE>: GOOD PAY-
<3SOUU. ing business; trial given. Apply 205
Ellis st.
BAR AN*D FIXTURES FOR SALE CHEAP.
Apply 331 Sixth st.
Qtio'- partner TO OPEN A paying
O 1 ~'Om restaurant: no oppoiiiion. Owner, box
64, ail.
BOOTBLACK STAND AND LAUNDRY. GOOD
X> business, for sale; departure. 122 Taird 8..
CfcQC/1 FOR A CIGAP.-STORe: IN THE BEST
<Jp.Z<UU location. 13 Mason st. .
\\T ANTED— TO BUY A L' DGING-HOUSK 1
'» for cash: no agents. F. L.. box 2, Call Office, j
©Oc/i LOON: OWNER GO NG EAST. I
&ZiV\J. Apply for particulars at 236 Third st. | •
GOKNKR SALOON AND CIGAR- STAND;
\J Kood location and good business; cheap. 516 Va
Geary sU
TO LET OR LE^SE— ACADEMY HALL, COR.
Mission aim Mary sts.. bet. fifth aud Sixth.
Apply to L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay s:.
QjOrA SALOON: NORTH OF MARKET ST.;
tjpZiuU. business center; cheap rent: lease: a
bargain. Inquire Call Office.
HALF INTEREST IN PAYING OFFICE
business; small cap. tul. 18 Montgomery st-
rooms 1, 2 and 3.
4li9^n ELITE CAFE. 23 F.DDY t-T.; MUST
«15^«.)U. be sold to-day. Apply D. M. RAE, 827
Mission st.
DOWNTOWN ROUTE ON MORNING PAPER.
XJ Apply 360 Third st., bet. 12 and 2 p. m.
TIT ANTED- PARTNER WANTED IN SMALL
TT restaurant. Apply this office.
ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSINESS 1 WILL
sell whole or half interest in one of the best-
paying mill oldest established saloon and lunch
houses in the city: elegant fixtures: parties look-
ing for business don't miss this. 539 California sL.
Q- (\ SOBER, STEADY AND RKLIAB'IK
«IpOOU. man as partner in eeneral contracting
and manufacturing business; no previous knowl-
edge required ; 1 asily learned and very profitable.
K. T., box ], Call Office.
WANTED— MIDDLE-AGED MAN TO BLY
»» or rent cigar stand connected with an oyster*
house. SE. cor. Twenty- fourth and Folsom sis.
SALOON, $2000 CASH— FOR SALE CHEAP;
fine corner; elegantly fitted: Al location.
Address Saloon, box 4, Call Office.
ALF OR WHOLE WINK AND LIQUOR
HALF OK WHOLE WINK AND LIQUOR
store; cheap rent; good outside trade; small
capital. 820 Valencia su
BURKES ELEGANT SALOON, TWENTY-
sixth and Valencia sts., for sale. Apply 1922
Market s:. : :■ '-■■ ■
TtTANTED— MAN WITH $250 IN DELICA.
TT cles business. W. 8., box 15, Call Office.
V'OR SALE— HALF-INTEREST IN A GOOD.
-F paying saloon. Inquire Call Office.
T.^OR SALE-GROCER AND BAR; NO
JT opposition.' Inquire at Call Office.
HALF- INTEREST HORsE-SHOKING SHOP,!
account of sickness. 329 Eddy st. jf I
SALOON FOR SALE IMMEDIATELY t»»
account of sickness: SE. cor. of Kearay au<9
California sts. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
"YOUNG WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRFS GEN-
x tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market su
dl'O^n CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE^
t]pt/c)v'. clearing $125 monthly; good location;
rent, with living-rooms, $20; value in sight: trial
given: thorough investigation solicited; no agents.
a. box 70, Call Office.
TO RENT— WINDSOR HOTEL, ST. HELENA
for 3 or 5 years. Write GEORGE W. FEE
feu Helena . .
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy term*;
owner leaving. Address .V., box 61, this office.
GENTS furnishing goods; must SELL
VJ at once: a bargain for some one. Call after 1
T. m. at 38 Sixth su
STATIONERY STORE; OLD, GOOD-PAYINO
place; nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office. \"
OR SALE-GOOD PAYING SALOON. NW.
cor. Spear and Howard.
OUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN,
1 partner; small capital. Room 8. 207 Post it.
STORE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
location lor business- 406 fourth su ■
MISSION - subscriptions a.no
ZOZD want ads taken tor Thk Call.
liwwv CARDS. $1 SU. SHOW CARDS, KTCJT
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary su
T A TEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IS~
Xj vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY t.OUit rOit oALc APPLY lU^
office. ;
V-KWSFAPt,iI KOUTJi 1.. INTERIOR CITyl
Xi close to can Francisco. For particulars appi/k.
■ his office. j T
/•IHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THa
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent lo any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for 31 50, dos>
a&c free. . s*v~
BICYCLES.
"PIOWLKR RACER, $65; lON CRACKER.
Jack. $36; Ben Hur (ladies'). $35. and others,
ait equal to new. Golden Rule Bazaar Cyci* !)*•HOUSES TO LET. .
TTOUSE OF 11 ROOMS. 247 STEVENSON M., I
XJ. bet. 1 hird and Fourth; rent chean.
i^REE FIRST MONTH; 6 ROOMS; BATH- '
-L room and basement, $20. 1311 Kroderick.
HOUs, .TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE I
, money *t BALDWIN & UOWELL'S, 10
1 ontgomery st.
f\ 09: I BUSH— SUNNY HOUSE.; 9 KOOMS; !
> -• «-— " ' yard; rent | reasonable to a good tenant.
fl> \i\ 1731 BHOADWAY, NKAK GOUGH— 8
', fTp~i*-, 100 ms: every conve lenc«: marine view. !
furnished houses.
tt'urxishko KKSIDF.NCE AND GROUNDS j
I for sale or lease at a bargain; the owner will !
•el) or lease 'fence with 12 rooms portly fur-
i nl-hetl with about two acres of land hi- lily im- !
proved, situate in East Oak and on electric road, !
within ten minutes walk from I'uenty-thir .-street I
station: bioad Range railroad rent moderate and |
price reason For further particulars apply
IADI-o & B'l'KK, 6 6 Markets'. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
QOfJ YORK ST.— N EW COTTAGE FOR REX 1" ,
c/OU without ba.ement.
R COTTAGE 8 SUNNY ROOMS; YARD: BASK. j
\J ment: smal family. 1230 Folsom. cr. Ninth.
- pOMPLkTELY FURNISHED COTTAGE OF 6 I
\J rooms n-*r Dwieht-w«y station: rem reason- |
able to desirable parties. 2408 Fulton Berkeley, j
(J|.| NICK COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS: BATH;
«SP-1t:. sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 ireatave. j
■ — i
CI7KO COTTAGE OF 8 SUNNY ROOM";
Op ' -o*l. yard, lot and shed; sewers: water
Iree: 26 Bennlm. ton si., near Cortlaua av<\: key
' at grocery, 3418 Mission st. EasiO.N. KL-
DR DG>:<fc Co.. 638 Market st " 1
j
I' . FLATS TO LET;
•r77^rT^?E^B^ER^VHOICE 8-ROOM UPPER
l'itZU flat- bath: every room sunny and pleas-
ant: rent very low. BUKNHAM i, MAKSH CO.,
628 Market-
fltin SUNNY FLAT: 5 KOOMS, BATH. 489
«lplO. Sanchez St., b«t. SeTenteenth and Eight-
. ■ eenth. . .
AKELY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COR. SITTER
»nd Scott Bts. 6 big rooms, ?27 60: waierfree;
' appreciated if seen. Arply opposite corner grocery
. iVWONEW >UVNY FLATS; 6 AND 7 KOOMS.
II 1158 00 den Gate aye., cor. Webster.
EGAXT SUNNY FLAT, FURNISHED OB
XJ un urmshed: suitable d ctor: $16. 51 Fifth st.
OO MCALLISTER— SUNNY tJPPEK FLAT
--Oof 7 rooms and bath; $^7 60.
Q-l I* HICKORY AYE.— LOWER FLAT OF 4
JLx 0 rooms; good yard: water: rent $11.
HtlT OCTAVIA, NEAR POST— SI.NNY, !
JLt:— X bay-wlnaow; 5 rooms and bath; large I
yard and cellar.
\TEAK CITY' HALL; SUNNY FLAT:
i.l bath; large cellar; $20. 147 Grove,
i-r • MODERN FLAT; 8 KOOMS; BATH; 1
S*J. or 2 families. 1128 Howari st
ATEW UPPKR, SUNNY, MODEKN FLAT, OP.
XI Jefferson Sq ; 5 rms^ both. 935 Golnen Gate.
LAT TO LET OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
>\V. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sts.;
rent moderate.
■JQIQI LAGUNA— S-ROOM FLAT; LARGE
1& ' » 1 -I yard and cellar. Inquire next door,
No. 1221.
FIN KST, CHEAPEST, SUNNIEST MODERN
Mission flats. 532-8 Cumberland St.. nr.Church.
FLATS TO LKT FOR VKKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery su
CjP. TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 300 FLATS
JO to let cheap at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
pHEAP WODKRN FLATS. 0 AND 6
V. rooms, 58 to $16: sen them. 523 '•"ventn st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Buchanan Street.
Pf\r) BUCHANAN, COR. FELL-SUNNY FUR-
-OU_ ulshed bay-window and smallkltchen, $11;
ith large kitchen $15.
Eddy Street-
-7-1 r, EDDY-FURNIsH ED HOUSF KEEPING
I J • ' rooms; single rooms, with gas, stove, fold-
ing-bed.
Ql 7 EDDY— .NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY j
OX 1 connecting rooms for housekeeping; gas I
stove.
i-l«ls Street. . _;.
4 Q99 ELLIS (PALMETTO)— MOST DE^IR-
I I )__ able housekeeping apartments in the city.
I Ima reel.
1 f\r% FIFTH— PLEASANT, SUNNY UNFUR-
x\J t nishea rooms to let.
Ql 1 FIFTH— SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCH-
014 en; bath; sink; water; no children; pri-
vate; iii.
Oil- FIFTH — CLEAN FURNISHED AND
-)_.•) unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2, $10;
3, $13; single, $5.
44 Ql FIFTH— 2 P.OOM- COMPLETKLYFUR-
— O-i nished for nousekeepg; water in kitchen.
lvliom Street.
f\r A FOLSOM— NICE tsUNNY FURNISHED
i) I i rooms for housekeeping; single and double:
rent reasonable.
1 00/ I FOLSOM — TWO - HOUSEKEEPING
I — —~i rooms; yard; cellar; $6.
Fulton Street.
OOF; FULTON, NEAK CITY HALL— 2 SUN-
~t)D ny furnished housekeeping rooms.
. Golden Gate Avenue.
QAQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ALCOVE AND
■ OUO other rooms for housekeeping.
Guerrero Street.
O9Q GUERRERO— NICELY FURNISHED
• iSo sonny housekeeping rooms.
Harrison Street.
O9 X HARRISON — FRONT PARLOR AND
\JZ*J large sunny kitchen; furnished for house-
keeping;; cheap.
Howard Street.
rf(\» HOWARD, COR. THIKD— NICELY FUR-
I 1/3: nished front rooms, also- housekeeping
• rooms. . ;
7/.11 HOWARD ST.— NICELY FUKXISHKD
I ' i 1 a buuuy suite; kitchen; others; double ad
single.
' . mO HOWARD— 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
XX^t — rooms; range; also front rooms; rent flO
to $12.
Litrkin Street.
i{9Q LARKIN — 3 NICELY FURNISHED
* Uii sunny front rooms; gas: grate; running
\ m^er, etc. "
f Lewis Street.
QIC THREE FURNISHED ROOMS: COM-
It), pleto; stove. 18 Lewis, off, Taylor, nr. !
l'o«%
Market Street.
• , -I nOC^ARKKT-M NNY FRONT ROOMS;
J.« £*O furnished or uufurnisbea; cheap rent.
Miller Place.
• 4 MILLER PLACE!! BKT. FOURTH AND
~k Fifth— "arge room, partly furnished, to re- ,
epec.abie old «vomt>n: very cheao.
jiilllll Sll'««»,
r A Q MINNA— TWO MCELY FURNISHED
Drku housekeeping rooms.
r (Q AiINNA— LARGE ~UNN V FURNISHED
D-1O rooms for housekeeping.
mission Street.
■ Vbi n MISSION— FRONT ALCOVE
J JL\ I suite; complete for housekeeping; also
single rooms.
lOf MI SION, COB. NINTH— B < ONNKCT-
. JZO 1 ing rooms, $•* 60 a week; large; sunny.
Montgomery Street.
rQi7 MONTOOMEKY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
D£ 1 until - :3 o'clock: branch office of Tex
L au: subscriptions and want ads taken.
. >uioina St ;•««..
. rr r NATOMA— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; rent $10 ler month.* \
Oak Street. '
to BUNNY . FRONT ROOM, BEDROOM,
O. kitchen, paniry; flr^t floor. 48 Oak s:.
< OA X — UNrUKMSHED KOOMS FOR
0 1 houseKueping: new house; bath. -
• i o.k Mreei.
1 CAO POLK— 2 LAI.GE NICELY FURNISH-
'IOriO ed sunny front rooms for housekeeping ;
m rent $16. "
iiock 01 >.r««.,
d»TQ 1820 STOCKTON — 4 FURNISHED
' «Jp XO. sunny rooms and yard on lower Hour,
HOUSEKEEPING ' KOOMS — Continued.
Seventh street.
XC) SEVENTH (GIKARD)— SUITES AND !
£ kitcnfn»;albo' single i(oms;newly renovated j
fifcK fk(\ a FL'RSI-HED HOUS '-KEEPING
«J)v).Uv>. rooms: co.tane. 523 ae Tenth st.
iumi s. ree;.'. "•'•
-1 r\n\ THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
1 vJU:» houseueepine rooms: very reasonable. '
90.1 THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED. HOU E-
• u)-J keep us rooms; wa.er lie.-: good accom- #
moiin Inns; $6 ■■ '
KOOMS TO LET.
i'Uhli Mrae
797 BUSH-PLEASANT SUNNY BOOMS;
I J. I suite; sing c; ligbt housekeeping privileges.
.butty Street.
|-I 9 EDDY— NICE SUNNY ROOM FOR 2,
•J.i — with board. $18 apiece per.month.
J-ighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTJIKNT HOUBK. 28 PTH
i* i... near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
EIGH IH — A NEATLY FURNISHED
OZ,-i front room for 1 or 2 gentlemen with gas
an j bath; Cheap, ,
J-iiis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, T26 ELLIS — INCANDE3-
cent llguts: reading-room, smolctng-roou and
ladies' oarior: per night. 35c to *1 00; week. $2 to
$H; moutli.sBti>B3o: elevator; hot.cold water baths
'i UK HAJIItNA, ISO ELLIS, MRS. K,\TK 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
ROcBDaLKi 321 SINGLE RooMS
25c; double rooms 50c meht; transient.
CQ- ELLIS, NEAR HYDE— NICELY FUR-
OVO nished front rooms; bath; rent cheap.
1 lltti street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY I
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 75c and $1 per iilght: $2 to $5 per week.
Geary Street.
1 no GEARY — E. EGANTLY FURNISHED
J_Uo sunny rooms; en suite or single; cilices.
9-1 GEARY. OPP. UNION KQUARK—UX-
—. 1 O furnished room<; ket at 217 Geary st.
Golden Gate Avenue.
9£Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
-DO Dished or unfurnished single or double
rooms; private family.
Ilaight Street.
99AHAIGHT— SUNNY FURNISHED Air
— — \J cove rooms with piano and kitchen.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE-NICE SUNNY FRONT SUITE, $15;
< board optional.
Ivy Avenue.
QAQ IVY AYE.. NR. FRANKLIN-LAR E
O\Jo furnished sunny room; German family;
bath; $5 month.
! ■
ti one* -noe..
mJONES-2, OR MORE UNFURNISHED
rooms; cberp.
huruv MiOul.
\BLINGTON V HOU-1 . 127 KEARNY -
j\. pleasant sunny rooms, co Eulte and single; flrsi
class in every respect; termi reasonable.
tiaikrt Street.
■\rCSEMITE HOUSK. 1045 MARKET-PER
1 eight, $35 to $1; week, $1 50 10 *5: families.
Mason street.
jilt) MASON - PARLOKS OCCUPIED BY
I XX.L dressmaker lor years; suitable tor doctor.
! no MASON. OPP. NATIVK SONS' HALL—
trlO Nicely furnished sunny rooms, reasonable.
McAllister Street.
/^9Q McAllister— nice large FUR-
D— O nished front room ; with co-et.
J.ilii, : , »i run..
pnrr MINNA, COB. kiohth— newly fur-
DO i cished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
J:i»>Kni Mrcet,
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7«1 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 60 to per week.
Oak Street.
r-j 9A oak— runny FURNISHED front
OLjL room, suitable for gentleman, $4; with
breakfast, $".
i mi- Street.
QA r ELEGANT KOOMS, GAS AND
in" bath; furnished or unfurnished; suite or
single.
loit Street.
90Q POST, CORNER OP STOCKTON.
s' LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, .ETC.; OVERLOOK* PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
PAXDOLPH HOUSK. 501 POST— CHANGKD
J t hands; 60 bay-window parlors; smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates; $1 60 to s-L
i oTreil street.
190 POWELL — NICELY FURNISHED
X— O single rooms, $8 to $12, $16 to $20.
x oik Strcc.
Q-| Q POLK— NEWLY FORK. SUNNY FRONT
0 1 O alcove room; running water; private; $12.
, Sacramento Street.
-I A-I A SACRA ME SUNNY FURNISH-
-1 .tl ed room; des. ruble locality; private
family.
(second Street.
201 SECOND— FURNISHED ROOMS, 10c,
<-<) I 15c, .5c per nlgiit; 65c to $1 60 weekly.'
tilth Street..
99 FIXTH — QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; *U conveniences; fireproof building.
.- tevenson Street.
C 99 STEVENSON— LARGE FRONT ROOM
Oju£± lor rent; newly furnished; 86.
7UQI STEVENSON— SUNNY LIGHT COM-
-4 • )O2 fonabte rooms; no cars 10 disturb at
night; rent $4 up.
lurk Streec.
C/JQ TURK — SUNNY ROOM. RUNNING
tJnO water, grate, gas, bath: light housekeep-
ing; $10.
Sliscellaneou*.
SW. COR. PIXTEEnTh~bT., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thk Uu, subscriptions and
want ads ink- n.
BOARDING AND KOO3IS.
CnA EDDY, COR. H Yr>E— N ICE I FUR-
O\j\J nished large double room, witn board.
A LEXaNDRIA, 781 t-UTTEK— K LEG ANT
ii suites and single r> oms; with or without board.
t|)O VAN NESS AVK.— .NEWLY FUR-
WU nisbed tunny rooms, with board.
1 , QLEAV XWORTU— « )OD BOARD AND
X 1 O room for 2: private lam ly, $4 . eek.
OIK!. B KTI.I G. 71* B -li-A FAMILY
hotel: r>-f<rence« ais modern conveniences.
tUlLUlit » fcOAI:DJiU.
OOD HOMK FOR A < OUPI-EOFCHILDREN
VJT or nfant, or woild take care of invalid; hist
ot care utiuranie- d; terms ow. 3631 Twenty-arst
St., near Chu cb. . . •
STORES TO LET.
! ffl;l '/I THf. BK T LOCATKD DAIRY-
i «IPJL«J\'.-s ore, t SJ/2 Hayes st.: reut only 9.3.
TO LEI— -STOKE, BOOT BLACK-
stand and Ldvertl^tug space, at 1179 Murketst.
CHEAP; 16-0 EDDY >T., CORNER STORE,
\J living-rooms, with »tabt«.
A 1 K. FOLRTH-SM ALL STORK WITH ROOM
xX\) in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. U-uiJHh.N
AC", 14 Montgomery st.
■ OFFICES TO LET. • ■
..OC P.>\\ I LL, COR. GEARY— FUKNISHE-D
— — >> parlor suite of 3 rooms; suitable for doctor.
T. .". NN'S BUILDING, 6 KIDV ST., CORNER
Powell— Deslrab c offices, with gas, janitor and
e.evator. UOVEc, TOY.& Co., X 0 ... ontgomery.
. - EHYSICIANS.
TiK-aC. O'JJONNKLL. 1206 MARKET, RES.
|Is 28UI Ztiiii «v ; dlbease* wi vvvuicu »apecl»iijr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1897.
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'6 COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
Xj and school of - Instruction (Incorporated);
PltA ICA.. and T DIVIDUAL instruction 111
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE procesi, etc.; SPhCIAL
A'ITK.VTION given 16 caieful a say. and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 o'Farre.l su : elevator. ;.:'
hi HOOL OF In YSiCAL CULTURE AND
■ Klocutl hi, 121 5 1 >ctavia s:., ac " Francisco.
MI>S I}. LIZA MACKINTOSH. 1 uuil or l v rofes*or
G. W. Baynham, Gltsaow, Scotland, and graduate
of the bet 00l of Oratory, Phihidf lph.a, Pa..
teacher. ■ Office days. 1-riday P m, Saturday a m.
••pUISIVr. SHORTHAND" ISTHE KAhl 1: T,
\J best and cheapest; vowels aud con-onants
Joined: 110 positions: descrip.ive pamphlet free;
also Pit-, an. Graham, Munson and Marsn writers
coirected aud speeded- first-class references. KOS-
CUE KAMKS, room 70, Flood buildup.
HKALD'S BDSINKS4 lOLLKGK, 24 POST— .
Bookkeeplnt;, business practice, shorthand,
typlns;, telegraphy." laugu^ues, Knjrlish branchisj.
«iec.rlcal ensineerin;: vO teachers; 15.0UU groUu-
ties; day and evening sessions; catalogue. • ..
YRKS 1 , THIS LEADING' tOLLKUE. 32>
Montcomerv St.; ■ individual instruction 11
si orthand, lypln?. uookii»-epin-4. telegraphy', etc
lilt* ecliolarshin $50 I w raiei per week and mi
QTAMMEKING, LISPINI*. ALL I.M PKIiKKO
O lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction: references from best in
California. PKOF. K. b. DAVIS, 1608 Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OP ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils r hearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, l.".O. t: bli.ck, 7th and MkU
LEO COOPE . SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music, »l-i Geary st.
ENGINKEHING Si HOOL; MKCH., ELEC
J-J civil, Uilning, survey, assay, «rchlt.,- X ray
Uu.ht; es.lBb-l. A.VAX DXX NAILLKN.933 MKt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSIjS KSS
College. 723 Market su ; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest rat»-a or credit for tuition
OPANISH AND GEKMaN THOROUGHLY
O taugb.; lessons 25c. ROBERTO HAHX, 309
butters;.
SINGING — ALSO PI ANO & VAMPING; NEW
Italian method; 8 I<B-ulm. $4. 417 Mason su
17ITHEB LESbUXS GIVE BY MAX MAiER,
/J 526 lurk si., bet. Larkin and I'olk.
DKOF. LOt IS MEKKI: VIoLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 22 ueary, nr.Poweil.
nOOKKPNG. Vi ltll.No, A Kil iiSl'IC. UK AMR.
JJ day & night: 110 daises; $5 moutu. 845 Mission.
INGINU; PIANO; PAKIS UIiAULATK;
French, 1 <ei man languages: $. mo. 109 1 aylor.
GLiIAU. MANI»ULIX. i'lANu A-\ 1 • VuU^-
VJT lessons. $1 mo. Jlary Wesihaui. HV Fifth.
C ÜBSCKIPTION'S ANU ANT ADS FOR THE
O Call, taken at branch cilice, Sot* lxa>ea ai.;
open until t>:3o o'cli ex.
MKDICAL.
VTEW PROCESS-GKKAT PROGRESS IN
i\ medical science; acknowledged by a 1 medi-
cal faculties; no medicitie. instrument* or worih-
lass I'llls used; *ver.- woman her own physician;
all female troubles cuntiden fally and i iscreeily
treated, no matter wh.v cause: can be sent and
Uied at home; res ores always in one or two days;
ail cases qua anieed: travelers helped wl. hoiu fail;
the genuine New Process can be had only i.l my
otli. c; any other p oces* i. au imitation and worth-
less, as it is mv own Invention, advertised by me
for 25 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
ALL CASKS OF ilO.\TiiLY feU Pl .. KSSION
\from whatever caua ) restored in a lew
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: best care and
privacy; regu.ar physician; 30 years' successful
practice;' my "celebrate 1 r.-medes for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed ;con-
lation fr c, con li den la : hour* 10 to 5; pills
SIKS. DX. YkTH, 916 Post BU. near Larkin.
DX. J. H. JU-atLV.N, lilt UIU.AT SPKCIAL-
isI, still offers his va uab c services to the un-
iortunale. With a mind ma ured a d e;iricned by
studies of an advanced order, there IB hardly a
disease lv the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect c re Ladles, he Is always leady
lo assist you. His knowledge has Leen streng h-
entd by exiensivt; experience. f»u case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol His fern a c monthly r> mcdl a are Mire and
r.*fe In their eft' cc«. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in heir
action, ana are warranted fur bum yoiin-' and o.tl.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
i-ver 5 ) years of practice enab es Dim to warrant
a cure iv all cusps. Consu la lon parlors, WJti
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market si.,
rooms 11 and 12.
PKOCKSSTHAT is PERFECTLY . HARM-
Jess; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cau<e; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous uitiihoiis. money in every
case refunded If a cure is not eftfcied; travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DX. AND
MKS. DA VI KM, 14 McAilis.er St., next Hibernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M. •■
A PROCESS THAT NEVKK > AILS .TO RK-
■l\. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a f>*w hours Wen medicines
i-i»l others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every cas» guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class piivai»
home for confinement. MKs. DR. D.iLEY, 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOU LIST'S FRENCH CAPSULES- \
guaranteed absolute cur- for all female dlv
t-asej (no ma. ter what cause): positively safe and
Hire; do ciang r or after effects: taken in lime 1;
biso acts as a preventive: pric* $1 60 per box:
sent free by mail on nc*UK or pneu. WALLKii
BROS., S9 Graut ire,
DX. AND MRS. W GENKR. 526 KL)UY ST.:
private home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and during conlinemen ; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular jhysician; quick re ief
for travelers: lest cure; terns moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $2.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, -en d 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ladies," in letter by return mall:
at druggist's. Chichester Chern. Ca. Philadelphia
MRS. OOD IN. SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
1 disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill.
tree diagnosis; low teen; self-cure. 401 Van NeBS
A LPEAU S I'BKNCH PILLS-ABOON TO LA-
A dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; $2 60 ex precis CO. D. don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS. Coast Agents, Oakland:CaU.
AT THE PKOI'LK'SO.SK DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
i. -i.."i for SI; call or write. 1029 M rket st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, >an I ranciao , Cal.
A fcURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-.
-i* eases from whatever c^us-; a home la con-*
finement With every comfort: satlifuctiou guar-
: teed by MRS. G WYE X, 226 Tur* su
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
JtX. eases of . the eye peimenently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT.--, 410 deary st ; consult >tlon free.
I \U PKAK'.- FKMALK KKUULA TI.Vii PILL";
XJ safo and efficient emmenauogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS £ CO.,drut!S.sU. 406 Clay EL.soleagts,
ON'T FAIL TO' CONSULT Dii. 'JoKDAN AT
DON'T FAIL TO CON-.ULT Dit. IutWAB AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet St.: his 30 year*
fnccessful practice Is a eueranieeof fair treatmoiu;
the worst cases treated satisfaciorll/ by mall.
UN.-URPA'SED KKMEDIKB FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MKS.DK. PUKTZ 254y a 4th.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTH KU'S CARE.
iIKA. DX. FLNKE. 1416 Kißhlh Bt.. Alameda.
I ,K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER Ni-A.it
X> Jones. Diseases of women ana child rea.
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yiars: tilings. 60c; crowns, $3 .0.
CHICAGO DKNTAL PAKLOKS, 24 Sixth Stree-
nßOOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, '.59 MAR-
CROOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, -59 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng. with .as. $1: plates, $5 up: fill, $1 up.
Cj-T FULL SET TEETH:. BKsT MAKE;
tjp I . kept l.i repair; extracting free; filllns:s,soc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DM. J. J. LXXX, 1126 MARKET SI.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon. :
OSI V r.LY PA UN .Ks > 1 RACT lON. DR.
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell ; t. 1.main5375
CULiO.x lif..i 1 AL A Ocl- i iO ■•, bUo-u-i.i;-
Jtet st. DX. CHAKLK-. W. DXI KKil.
Q.n > tiKT iOH. U i-.KIU— \VA KA -TED A ■*
C 1 I good as can be made: filling $1 DX *IM M*
centisi, 930 Market si., next Baldwin 1 healer.
UAIXLKSS rXTKACI'IOX, f-00. CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyeari
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.*.. 815% Geary
1 \K. LUDLUii illLu 1443 MAKKKT ST, NX.
XJ Eleventh; no charge ■.- lor extracting wh»a
pistes are made: old plates made over liic» ; new;
Iftlu from $d per eel; extracting 6uc: gas given.
l jil' SlJUiitl »11..u1Jl Ai'*.»i*. xiAt
0 11. U Young. 1841 lollc su ,\ f&M£Z
1 \K. GJ-.Oitui-; W. LKttK, 'UK UKNUINU
XJ Leek demist, discoverer of painless extraction
•nd patentee of . Unproved bridge work or teeta
without any plate. moved from «u> fcOu'Fiu-reUis.
LL WORK . " J.>.ASU-\ABLK "AND W Ait-
ranted. DR. J. W. hf.Y. 1320 Market st.
HOTELS.
hKOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-21 ' i BUSH ST.,
X> board and room $1 to (2 per da/, J6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
rooms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: tlrsl-class
■ervica: coach. «. 11 A j.Li-.s iiu.\li.u.Ml'.ilV
STORAGE.
■OEDUC D ILATKB, FUKNITUkK, PIANOS.
XV huuavbolu tooaa, e^c J. il. tIHRMti, 780 Uk.U
PKKSO'ALS.
IV ILL KATK FOX, WHO WAS A NURSE AT
» » the I nivrslty Hospual, P iiauelphia, in 1877.
please se d her address to P. O. box 2. Moores-
ti.wn, Biir.ingtoii * uunty, N. J.
GENTLEMAN WI-HF.s TO MEET A RK-
spectable lady, between 34 anil 40; must be
born between * uj:ii i 22 an < September 23. Ad-
dress W. M-, box b8 Call Office.
RECKIVKD >OTK; DON'T UNDKR-
• staudyou: please exclaln. Addiess H., box
21, Call.
ANTED-10 LADIKS, GO 1 'D TALKERS. TO
solicli for r-a<iy selling gooa pay. 1535
Geary 5 .., bei. 1 and 4p. M.
P AG CA I:PKTS WOVKTO OKDKR FORSALE!
i-Xi also cheniile-wove rugs, silk-rag portler a: deal-
er in carpet twine in hunk or chain at lowi st rates.
GJio. MaTTHKVV, 709 Fifth st», Oaklaud. Cal.
IF THE PARTIE~WHO WKKE ON SUTTKK-
strevt cable-car o ■> Jan ary 4 wh> v a one-armed
tentieman wi s kno-ked down by the ar will
kindly send their ad.iresses to T., box 65, Call
Office, they will confer a great favor-
NY I\F<)KMATION RKGAR ING THE
'whereabouts of KATE SMIiHor FKON-
I'BKONl) tnantfuiiy eeivd by ALB XT
FRONDERONi'A, 216 Minna St., San Francisco;
rany in York wishes to know whether she
is dead or alive.
UHEUMATISiI
IV Makes you lame; will soon confine yon to the
house unl si you go at once to IsMIIH'S
KLKOIRO-MAGNEriC B.*THB: the mi st c i-
nent phy»l<ians lv Europe and An, erica recom-
msnd these hoi baths. 1533 Buchanau st.
JOHN L. SULLIVAN A V :
"I waa siS-ring from a badly braised and
Bpralnec! band. VITA OIL gave me Immed aie
re ief. and ai my next en^aeemeit I bid twouood
sparring hands." *1 box, hss. 1533 BUCHANAN.
ORIVAIK PKTKCIIVE WOKK DON X REA-
-1 sonabe' 10 years' experience: ail mailers
confidential. G.K. WKB>I XX, 1027 Markeurni 6.
'ALL PAPER AT COST; PAINTING,
pa er-haigiig ami interior decorations our
specialty by the best workmen Oaly. "-MXXI-
GA-V" 1302 Webstar St.
ADVICE FBKBI DIVOKCK UW' A >PKC-
lalty: pr.vate; no fee wi houi snecess. pro-
ba c, ilisolveucy, wills, collections, bill* of sale'
danaees, etc. : prlvae detectives, estab. 10 years.
U.W. HuW X, at.y at- aw, H6O Jlarket.cor.Siockm
CIOOD, t'OSaC E^l'l'ifS UO'-K COUNTS
J every time. My strictly first-class 25-cent
ha-rdri-ssin: Is becoming aiiprt-ciated more and
more every day. Have got some new switches,
b--bt qaalitv; selling fast from *1 to ii. G.
LKDK..I-.R, 11 mock ton St.
.vie. RoLLANH. TEACHER OF FRENCH
languaee .ocated 223 Post St.. room 1.
I>S ALLI- N. CORNS, INGROWING NAILS;
new method. 620 Market su (opp. Palace
Hotol), room 20.
Ml-sS i LLIE lAKK, CARD KKAUKK AND
magnetisu Kooms 3 and 4, 309 Sutter.
OYOUSUFI-ER FROM KHEUMATISM OR
dyspepsia and want to be cured? imormatiun
s. Nt free. DX. CUMMIN OS, 803 Third st.
MAGNISCOPE - NEW I KOJECTING MA-
chine; us s the kine:oscoiie li ms; price re-
duced. $150 BACIGALI PI, 946 Market si.
v- I A DOJSKN— >'LNi< I •ABlNtio -» i' WIL-
if 1 1 t-ON's Gallery. IO2H Market.
810 OUTDOOI'. STKKKOPTICON >HOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
Bess, consult OWL A I)V. Co., 3 14U Market st.
H~ HUFbCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
.. gasfltter. L23c>oldenl'ttte uv. Tel. .Sutler 471.
0 STKOZYMSKI, 24|GKARY ST., EXPERT
O. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal too.hers.
VKGRANT WILI.HKAK OF SOMETHING
. to his advantaga by calling upon LAN DttY
U. BaBIN, 4i3 Kearny si.
I}.\.NTIN(», i WHITENING. PAPERING;
X lowest estimates best work guarante d; wall pa-
per roll. KDWAKD.s. 1200 Webster, cor. Kddy.
I S KKKGAN (tOKMKKLV U ,TH G. LKI)-
erer) i.a« opened a stylish hairdresslug par or;
latest effects ;price 2sc 124 1, 3 o' arrell, nr. Powell.
- i)r7 jUUNIuu-MKrvV e>l., BKAiCH OFFICE
0— I ti'iukCiU; waul ads »ua tuoscriptloui
taken.
i AKTINGTON'b rCHuOL Ul- 31AG \ZINK
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars aa.lo
terms, etc.. 424. Pine si.; Illustration* -.uruished
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
|>UPTUKK A-MJ llLj'.i IUKKD: NO PAY
Jt until cured: send for book.' DK3. MAWa.
HELD <t I'OKTKKFIKLD b3B Market st. v
I.IL, c I KIC LIGHi.I I.N KVMIV ROOM:
Hi Winchester House. 44 Third tL, nr. Market;
'..00 rooms. "_'so to $1 to i*r night: $1 60 to to' pec
week ; free bus and baggage to and trom the terry.
Gi.OAK». > L i..-i A.. Bit i-> (vKTAILKD. A 4
Viholes»l« pric»*. J nr:i)r\-. 20 Minsomn st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
Do.N'T BE A CHEAP PORT.
Consult the rmdlumts ie marvel of the cen-
tury on he result of the great prizetlgnt: guaran
te- of correct tips: picks 4 wiiu.ers every da>- at
the track: ncimesi c difficulties, iiurlca.e financial
ni?.ifcrs, low affairs, specialty .".Napoleonic"
Charms magnetize my revealed meJiciuts cure
all diseases. MISS VAN DX VEKK i arlor 1,
1 Filth st. .'
\; MX. L>K THOMAS, hCiKNTIPIO RKVKAL-
Xil er iv tgs» and cards; tells entire life, pas:,
present, luture; consultations on ail affairs: noth-
ing excepted; name* given; Rood advice: sure
help; resiores lost lovs oy sympalny; mistake Im-
possible: fee XI; letter $-± V2U Post at., nr Larkln,
/ RACE TEISEN, CARD- vJUEK, FROM
' 1 Denver, juai retuiued. Address 12Ua Eddy
St., parlor 2.
E~TUKI] OKAY. CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
J render and palmist.. 1 16 J Mission st, between
seventh and Klghih.
MX. LIiOUETTK, CLAIRVOYANT: BUSl-
ness a ivlce; friendship ies ored; one price,
?."■■. 311 'lehama su, near Fourth. . , >
MKS. L. KH-'.UOR.V, PLANET RKADKR,
medlum;reaulngs2io 8 r.u :25c. 1147 Mission
MMX. KAVKNA KKADS LIFK FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 25c up. s Fourth
MMX. UANSKN.PALMIST. CAKI'-R ■■. AD
past, present and future; 2 So.] Ms >i.\;n, r.6.
G^PSY LlKr. - i.KaDKK, 3 VKNU ST.;
ladles 25c, gents 50c: all questions amwerea.
MISS PEARL, PA! MIST; MAGNETIST: RE-
movt-d irom 223 Post to l-0y Geary, rm. 2.
MME. MOREAU.IJKST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
Mlf»S MKLVILLK, WKLi-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth at. : water readings a specialty.
ME. WALTERS oK TEHAMA ST.; CARDS;
ladles 25c, gen.s 50c. 951 Mission, nr. blx.h.
MMX. hYBJLI.K i KLLs t'KUJI tKAULh TO
grave: pictures giveu:ladies 25c: bl4 O*FarrelL
KNOW THY FUIURE; CARDS KIiAD
tiuth fully. 419 Geary su, room 22.
MISS INA OH EN. PARISIAN CARD-
reader and mngne Ist. K. 12. 109 Grant aye.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROFESSOR FRED EVANS IN HIS MAR-
JL\elous -late-wiliing tes.s. Go den Qa.e Hull.
6/6 butter st- ; reserved seats at Mozari'a millinery
sore, 999 Market st . Dear Sixth.
1 108 -IXTH— MBS. FLEMING'S SPIRIT-
uaI hea ing test developing circle at 8 p. it.;
a mission 25c. ' .
Mk. O>MA , SPIRITUAL TRANCK MKDI-
um; life readings, love off Irs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a speciality. 838 Mission
\ P.S. C. J. Ml YKR, CIR. TO-.NII.HI'. "IUEB.,
» ' Wed. and Fri., 'i p. m.; 10c: trance clr., Moii. &
Frl. eve., 2 c; sittings daily. 326 Me A lister st.
A Li '6» OKA.ND.- SLATK' - WKIIING
seance, Me ropolltan Temple, Sunday night;
seats. 330 El. ls si. ■;:• : : •
MRS. HENDEK ROGERS' TEST CIRCLE TO-
M nlKht; sittings daily. 109 Oak st.
Y^ V. MIi.L K.KTHK EALIZING, M ATERI-
V. allz.ng seance Br. m. 635 Post s- 50c.
K. . H/NSK.V TEST CIKO X TO-NIQHT;
10c. 1118 Market st , near Jones. '
\l K\ PLACE'S CXKcLt; TO-NIGHT AT 229
■ iVI Fell st :.25c.» : • - . -V. .;.; . ■--_
MX. YOUNG'S TKST CIRCLK TO-NIGHT;
10c. -v 418 McAllister, con viucing tests. •
AMY LOKKY, TKbT MtKIING TO-NIUaT;
iv line music: 10c. 4U6 .UcAlli ter at. ; , \; .
MBS. MA VO -TEERS, 112% oaK; CIhCLE
Tuesday, BP. M-, Thurs., . p. U.: readings 91.
/ i RAND TKST CIRCLE EVERY WiD. KVNQ
'l by Mrs. C. Come 8 • Mason ; si. tings dally.
RS. : LKW.S, , WRI I ING MEDIUM AND
clairvoyant; hours, 12 to 5. ; 4i9 Third st.;
FItOKKSsiOKFBD EVANS, : THE NoTED
■late-writer," Is located at 1242 McAllister st.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN— CHU »UK. KVK.; 25c:
test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs dally. 426 Grove
AM. r i.A A C 1.% : i> 1.-ni.l > £..N T &L . . IK
. writer. 118 Hatch St.; hours 9 until 6 p it
v , X:>. J. J. V\ Hi INKY. .CLAiKVOYANT.
iM irancn lest n ediuiu & ids reader. *18 Stockton
' , HYPJibnsji.,' .
HYP OTISM - CUKK- '• WHrN ALL '■ El.wK
f*lis; also lauiiui. Hypnotic last., 6 uTurrell. (
. CITY REAL, ESTATE.
SOL GETZ A BROTH KB,
HEAL. ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK ■LOTS. -
: ,', LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS
TAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
JL purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. . .
<£ j |||\ $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
W I v/U. no grading: near . M lsslon-st. and Sun
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 n.ontlii .
■ (Pj '■ C *15J TO $»UO; CUOIIKa LOTS
tj) iO. south or the park; ' near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and ' boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments.
OfcV^/l TO $liOO: RHUIMOND LOTS; WE
«]p«-.tJV; can posi.ively aui. you In location, price
and terms. ,
Call ob us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ <fc BROTHER,
Room A, first tloor, Crocker building.
rnWO LOTS, POTKERO AYE., BJBT. 20TH
X and 21st: 30x100; very cheap. Inquire corner
giocery.
HOUSE FOR SALB 8 KOOMS AND BATH;
2 rooms iv basement; to be removed. Inquire
ailHaiuhtat. . . ,
HOUSE NU LOT, 25x80, 243 PKRRY;
s e»dy rental $28 uioiuu; make offer. For
part leu ars 745 Harrison et.
CjOAA RARE OPPORTUNITY TO BUY A
»lp«j''"". home cheap; consisting of a house of 2
flats, 6 rooms and bath; each f r $21(0 rents lor
$30 p>r month, and can be paid off in insta lmen;s
with the rent: ea t side of Palmer street, near
Twenty-ninth at. ; electiic«»r.
J..BKOWNSTONE,
11 Montgomery st.
Money to loan on city property.
: ; ', : ;
OR IMPROVED BUSINESS PKOP-
erty. Apply oi>O Central iv., near Hayes at.
ONLY 1 LE T— >EW IIoUsES, JUST COM-
pleted: sunny aide Cole it., near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 126 feet deep; s.reet to be bitu-
minized. Apply on premises.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Ci-O.^A/J CLEAR: STORE AND FLAT ON
tIr^JOUW go >d street In Oakland; tiade for
prouerty near the racetrack in Santa Rosa.
HUGH M. CAMEKON, 479 .>lnth st-, Oakland. .
r/wv HOUSES, LOTS, KANCHB AND BUSI-
O\J\J ness place* H. C DtL'KER, 1020 Market
(<K.M)}UiIULK IA*V v* ORCUAKU HUMJii
r»«or»H;>». Wi o-T!-'. :.V WHIT lv . "in l"ii<».
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOU-E XI) LOT SOUTH OF MARKET;
$8000 'Olnve-t. 658 Harrison st.
BIONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no «omrul.saiona: no delays.
J. NOON AN, lul7 to 1023 Aiisslou sl, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
ALIBKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^,
. jewelry, sealskins and silverware; luterest
low. Cut-Rate Loan Office, 7 Flood building, 80U
Market st.
e«>/vn f\tu\ AT 6 Va FER cent ON CITY
<JpOvv/. \J\J\ ' real estate; also Oakland: estaiei,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
batt> n Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
HIGHLY PKCTABLK AND PKiVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rules,
Baldwin Jewelry tsiure, 048 Marker
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2DOR 3D HOKTIIAOEi
estates, nudlvidel in.ereats, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos wltnou; .. reuiovjt^
McCOLGAN, 24 Monttomery St.. room 3.
C[«O»>X lIJIIIAf BANK i.ATii> is»l AND
«Jr«J«j«J.UL'U 2d mort^asen. estate*, rents, etc.:
lend as iow as $SU. H. MURPHY, 6'4H ..Market n.
\\,' UY PAY HIGH INT. OX. MALL. LOANS?
'» We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mor;gaif: any security.' Gold, box 4, CalL
4 NY SUM, I>T OK 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
A tales in probate, e:c. Km, 7, 508 Cala. St.
ON Jb URNII UKE; VERY LAV INTEREST; ]
no commission. SCItIU.SKK, 7 City Hall aye. !
OAKS ON REALEsTATK: LOWi-.SI RA i E
J of interest JaS. B. 8K00K5.214 Pine, r 58-59.
N FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RE-
ON FrRNITUHE AND PIANOS; No RK-
moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PI AN< M AND FUMNITI HE. WITHOUT
removal very low interest. 110 McAllister st.
PRIVATE PARIY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security, Interest ow. Add. J. W., box 45, Call.
Mu.xtV ;o LOAN OK KEAIi KSTATt; ANY
amount. W LLIAMS, 5214 Pine si., room 3.
dj»* i\ 1O $5U I.UU; i.i v !•. - . : Air. 1.-l <k ii)
l]pt)U mortgage: am or iristimnt. Drycen. 535 Cat.
DVANCE-. UN DIAMONDS. JEW KLUY.i'irO
J\ Columbia Loan it » ollaieral Office, y 1 rant aye.
,i WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— Ttta
rV. WEEKLY CALX* In wraoDer. forma Ulna
~—~ —^—^— ».— — -^^— » — . —^ .—^
FINANCIAL.
■ m. "I 9 f\ A A ON BUSINESS PROPERTY FRM.
«JpJ i.UuW private parties at 6 2 ,2 per cent;
only priii' ipaK .Addre-s T. D.. box £>y, Call <'ffice.
MUSI C INSTRUMENTS.
TT'IXB WKBKR PI NO, f25'J: AN ELEGANT
J? Hard man and several other s Ightly used
pianos at spec ai bargains this week; a line jym-
I>li ny at low price; excellent or;a i, $50. I'HE
J. DEWING CO, second lloor, Flood building,
Fourth and Market sts.
4 LSOLUTF.LY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
\£\. house west of Chicago Is K'JHLEK &
CHASE'S. 20, 28 and SO t-'l-'arrell s .; pianos, or-
gans and all othi-r musical instrument*, 01 all
grade* and prices; terms easy: prices lowest,;
every thins possible dove to please aud satisfy the
customer.
ACIU.-.LLY THE BEST BakGAINs IN Pi-
anos; mon hiy pa.-ments from 46 up; deliv-
er- d free with soil and cover: correspondencu
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason; estab
l.shed over 20 years. •. .'-A . : ■
ON A FIDK RKDUCIIOX IX PRICES—
Haines. Koabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMiL-
'ION, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 524 1 oat.
WHY l-AY KEN l 1 FOR a. PIAAOHvHEN
iT the same mon:hly payments will purchase
one at SHEKMAN. fLAY «fc co.'s.
AT LESS THAN COST. ENTIRE EMPuRIUM.
music depl.: Shaw. Chjckiriu l " 9235; Sohmer,
$!24S;steinway,9195:$3up no int. Helne,l36 Kills.
AJJ.MINISiUAIOK'3 BALE — MUsT bKLU
pianos a. immense reduction for cash or oa
ins ailments. KATUN hi a IK. 735 Market.
THE BKST PIANOS OK EVERY GRADE,
from bteinway down, can be found at bJiKK-
WAN, CLAY <fe CO.'S.
. CA PIANO FOR BALK: DECKER
- <)\J. Bros.' upright; cost $sOO. Apply 835
Pine st.
ffl» 1 t)A HAZKLTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
'_ 1— ' ' . cover; »6 install nits. 221 Leavenworth.
iAMi FOR BaLK: CHEAP. INQUIRE AT
saloon, 504 Broaiway.
N ELEUANT WEBER SACRIFICED THIS
AN ELEGANT WEBER SACRIFICED THIS
week. 809 Mark' t St., 100 m 12. . :
at! " C 1 ' NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL, S<ARF;
«Jrl • O. warranted 6 yrs. BRUENN'B,22BPosL
BEST BARGAINS IN TH CITY FOR THE
next 6 days at MAI'Va IS. 769 Market st.-/;
OUR REV!" COM'RAiT PL A. N - ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. bHEtt-
MA (JLAY & Co., Kcarny and Nutter sts. :
AHGAIN. FINE LAKGK IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAilister.next Hibernia Bank.
AT SUhR-VIAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new sielnway pianos ' -
OKNU.NG'S PI \NO; MOST P..RFECT;
brilliant i-nd powerful tone. 216 Post su
\\i <.. liAlA.h It. ho. X A ENTFOKHALLET
»' r.d Davis anil Francis Bacon pianos. 41 3 >acta
P AMI SOLD xT SHERMAN, CLAY <B CO.'S
Xon very easy payments. ; • . '
BYRON il AIZ\ . "■ ;-lJt> P -si 1 ST.-^OHMtI^
Newb.' & Kvan-.. Jir:ires and other pianos.
L UPKRIOK VIO..INS, ZITHj.KS, OLl><ft NEW
OH. MI'I.LER. nißk«-r repairer, a ia. ham place. ' :
LEGAL >OTICKS. - .:.. ' -
NOTICE TO CREDITOKB — ESTATK • F
KONG CHING, deceased. Notice; is hereby
given by ihf undo signed, l'HU\ Li," adminis-
tratrix of the e«t»ie of FUNG CHING. deceased,
to the irtHliiors of and all persons having claims
•gaiusi the si id deceased -to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers wl lain four uionihts after
the gist i üb.icaiMin of . this , notice to the said ad-
ministratrix above named .it the law olli'-es of
Tlio.il A> ' U. KlußDa.n v No. 8-8 ■ Montgomery
street California --afe Depusi building, rooms
204-^OB, Ban Francisca C lifornia, the s me be-
lnK her p.ac forth* transaction of the business of
the sxid tsia c in the < i:y and County of ban
I- Tain i-,c i, state of California.
CHI L. Administratrix of the estate Of
FO.nh CHING, deceased.
, JUalea bi Bnn Ifrwiciacoi February,l7, lB97. ;
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
T andsof thk
1 j . ' ; :. -
ESI ATE OF LELAND STANFORD, Deceased,
FOR »ALB
BY ORDER OF
MRS. JANE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
SANTA (LARA COUNTY — "COON" AND
'Felt' tracts, adjoining :-t nford University;*
beftuiimi site tor homes 1252.84 acres. -• '
SAN LUIS 081-P CO. STY- "McCOPPIN"
tract; ferti.e vegetab c land; 2 miles south of
ban Luis Obisoo; 320 acres
PEDLANDS. SAN BKRNARDINO COUNTY—
IV Within the limits of the beautiful city of
orange groves. 282y* acres.
pONTRA COSTA COUNTY— THE "(OVERN-
\J ment" or 'Gwin 1 - ranch, fro: ting on Sulsun
Bay, 6 miles east of M>r'.in>-z; 2957 acres.
TEHAMA COUNTY— -COPELAND" RANCH:
fro-tin on the Sacramento River, adjoining
the "Vina" ranch. 20 miles south of KeJ Bluff; a
complete horse farm; 2 a:-. acres.
A LBO".SHAFER' RANCH; 1% MILES EAST
-A. therefrom; 240 acres. -
For further particulars address '
Mcafi r. id:. Tiir.U^, heal Estate Brokers and
Financial Ascents.
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
— —
0»l Z(\l\ 17 ACHES VERY CHOICE
«ll) L6.O\J\J. ■full bearing orchard near >-an
Jo*eand only & mtnntes' wain fromdfpot; prl -
cipaily prunes fine 2-story house; barus and all
complete; might exchan.e. ■ '•
ONE OF THE PRETTIEST LTTTLK PLACES
\J in the ta.e: located on the bay: fine boating,
hunting and fl*bit!it; wnlte sand and pebi>leb^ach;
just the place :or summer resort; common build-
lugs; a bargain.
%^£>nn OVKR 600 ACRES GOOD LAND,
<i!r*J")\J\J. located ■ near Redwood City, San
Mateo County: 250 acres ciearel, lance timber;
some large buildings; $25u0 cash, balance to suft.
a>q7K/"l 20 ACRKS CHOICE ALL LEVEL 1
«J)OIUI/. land, located n ar Napa city: house
5 rooms; 2 good barns: 15 acres orchard, full
bearing; hordes, cows, chickens; complete lot lm-
pleuit-nis and wagons; - balance land for hay or
grain; a great bargain. '.<-.
SHAINWALD, BrCKBEE&CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building, 8. F. "
A NOTHER BARG < $2500; COST $5000;
/V 40 acres in Napa county; 10 acres In Fiench
prunes in full bearing: 10 ac ea in orchard; 20
acres pasture; bouse, 7 rooms: barn, milk bouse;
spring water pi, ed to house, and other Improve-
ments; sold at << sacrifice on account of diaihof
owner. C. F. MtiOKK, 935 Market St., room 4. j
SAN RAFAKL— BARGAIN; NEW 8-ROOM
_ bouse; all modern appliances; on one of prin-
cipal streets: lot 41 1/3 by 120; must be sold; price
$3000; make offer. Uii J. MILLER, ban i>afaeL
On ACRES, ALL Al LAND NKAR MOON-
— ' ' tain View: 2100 prune trees, 173 almonds, 6
orange and small assorte J orchard for saie or ex
change, and own r pay chsu difference for baa
FraucidLO property; price $7000.
AQ(\ ACRES; GOOD LAND FOR ORANGE,
Tii 1/ lemon and fruits; ocated near Porterviile
and only 7 in:l> r from raihoal; ail v idtr he irri-
gation ditch; pri o $15 pc acre; aule or exchange.
SWEET-POTATO LAND AT MERCED; 20
acres and up; low price: easy terms; best pay-
ing farm prodm t thai can be r»is B ii. siiaIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE Ji CO., VilB i2O iiontgomery
st, Mills build. v.',
LOR SALE OK LEASE— ALFALFA LANDS
i* uuuer canal, San Joaquin Co., on railroad; near
ktun; $J5 per acre. MCAFEE lilius., 108
Montgomery at.
ONLY 910 PER ACKE:"I4O ACREB NKAR
W« nut Cr« c.;. Contra Cos a Co.; 4 miles from
railroad. Me a FEE B O-., 108 Montgomery st.
HOICK Fi.UIT LANDS, HAY, GRAIN AND
vegetab es. 925; wl.h flowing sprin s 835 per
acre: Pleasauton, Alameda Co. H. J DIUGI.ES,
6? Columbian bjildiug, Market st., San Francisco.
SEND KJR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET <>F
v.aliforuia li>:i i i for sale ny H. FRANCIS,
rooms t>9-71, Chronicle bu idiug, >an Francisco.CaL
GOOD LAND: (3 TO 940 AN ACHE. M. M.
GR FKIN, » ottonwood, Bhasta County, Cal.
ffl-C AN ACKE: I^Bo ACRES TIMBER; U\JO U
<TO fur stock or f uit; plenty water. S., box 40.
11l IIE BIiMJCa tLOSh. '1O TOWN; IM-
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on B «nd 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING. bo-
noma City: every Monday at 633 Market st., S. F.
1 vVLtKS NEWB FOR 5 CENTS— TUa
A WEEKXY CALL. In wraDDer. tor mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
WANTKD-PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-"
change for very larse 01 and modern 6 room
collate in Lorin; price *2250: no mortgage. Ap-
.ply itu media, eytoA. J. b.NYDJiK <& CO., 467
Nintn si.. 1 akland.
1 -
(ft 7 TAJ 915J tub CHOJCK BUILDING
©IO lots io the town of .r'Hctibunr; a new sta-
tion rstablished near Oakland, on the Hay ward i
and ban Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes . from Oakland: electric-cars every
i- iv minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. L.i NKi-;-, owner. »15V£i Wjunlijgiou SL,
Oakland. «'al.
ALAMEOA ADVERTISEMENT
JITiAMKI)\ KJiAL r«?TAT^. V V
Sl (\l\(\ LOT 35x100: COTTAGE 4 BOOMS,
tjp I UUU. bath and stable.
81750— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; any
terms; near station. : i*gimT»flr»nm
$2800— Lot '40x150; beautiful new cottage of 6
rooms and baih; $200 cash. $25 per month.
.83600— Handsome new co tage, 7 rooms and
bath; NE corner; Installment plan.
$2650— 2-story house; 6 roi-ms and bath.
¥3-i'(>— "J-itorr- bouse, 9 100 ms and bath; corner.
$4000— '--s'Lnry i.ons-. 7 rooms and bath; large
lot: near station: no' terms. .*
$5500 — Elegant new 2-story bouse, 10 rooms and
bath; lOu 60x150; fine neighborhood; near sta-
tion.
Building lots at a bargain: bouses to Ist.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park su. Alameda.
LOUR NEAI 5-K' OM COTTA GO' >D
F location; always ren ed; unlimited water sup-
ply 00 premises: 10 per cent returns guar. meed.
Flue new 7 -room cottage; excellent loca Ion;
near .station; also much other desirable property;
will sell a. a very low figure. Apply or write A.
R. DKNKE, 150 seventh St., Alameda. Ca).
MODKKN 9-ROOM HOUSE AND BATH; 1
minute from Cbt-stnut-st. station; less than 2
years old; pretty gaidn, croquet grounds, green-
uouse and chicken-yard; for sale; part cash; or
lease for t<-rm of years. Add. ess A. It., box 88,
Call office. . .
< i )A A'KKOST FOOT; 100x160; BTttKSr
»T— -1 work all done: on a main avenue; 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B.FITOH, Bay
Station, Alameda. or GaMAN LV ON, 215 Ktarny
at., San Francisco.
I AKOAINS-S3O P R FOOT; IS ON NORTH
I 1 side San Antonio ava, near Grand si.
*1 250— 60x160; -an Joss aye., nr. Willow st,
$1760—S0xl&0. new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath: uortu side 01 street; mus; be sold at
on cc- . , i: C ' :
any other sacrifices.
■.:..: i; AL'MEDA LAND CO.,
" ' 1500 Park *'.. Alam^ia.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
flljor >'IHST.(XAB» MODERN HUCSK; IN
«15 D0.' best repair; 8 rooms: bath: conserva-
tory; lawn; cnicueu yard; splendidly locate 1.
LOt»7 San Jnse aye., Alameda, or inquire a. A.
ITH, 27 Marl-pi st. .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ITOR SALE AT A BARGAIN— 3 2x272
I right in the heart of -town; an otter wanted.
JOS. .1. MAS N, B*rke ey station .
JiAKIUAGK LICENSES.
The following marr,it-,'« license* have been .
Issued by the county Cleric's office:
A. R:imb.ind nl Clemence Male rat, 43—
; Orvllie R. Baldwin and Anna Denprpy, iii— .18.
James i anieru j and Hele i -in,'t-r, 42— 12.
■ Maurice HiK-'io- »'d Ha:iniib Mulcunr, 43—
| B<-nj mln F. 1*41*4 and May Hun. 27— 21 . ";
1 ins— hAßHjA>.^— tfUl'iiA
TBlrth, rnarrlasre and dea h notice* lent by mall
win not be lns'Ttod Tnev roust be handed In at
either of i be publication offices and be ndora'd
with the name and residence of persons authorize
to have [he same imbl.shHd.j
BORN.
DAVIS— In this cltv, March 4,1897, to the wife
• William *■_. l>- Vis. a<t t'i?hl«r • .: '
———————
JVIAKxiIEU.
ALLDACK— HURL— Ia this car, March 9, 1K97.
I by the Rev. J. Fuendeiing, Frederick D. AllJacit
;a d Ko.e X noy Hur.." .. :. : . ■-■ •
CaRPKNTKR— In this city. March 6.
1597. by the Rev. Dr. E. R. pli c. Ueor;e C.r-
--; penter anU X. Kate : Gentry, both of Baa t'uu-
.: CISCO. ;„•;..;..■;. .-■-- j :. : :'■■■■■ :■ ;■ ■• .;. ; . ■
CARR— MOODY— In this city, F°brnary 7, 1897.
-•• by ,me Key. Dr. E. R. Dille, Mar to Carr and
| Mary Moody both or -an t-'raiu-t^cu.
EKYERMANS-DEMP-i Y-In Vall^jo, March
:9, 1897. o. the Rev. Father Doogaa. Chane*
* Heyermann and Bridge^ Deoipsey. . ■
HOAu— UHUIST.MAX- In this cltv, March 8,
j 1897, byilie Key. J. 4?u«naeilng, Joan K. Hoag
of Vallejo, Cal., and Cora Christmen of San
Francisco.' ■
McPHKRSON— In Oakland. March
10 1897. by the Key. S. S. I'almer, Ro an.i T.
. Mclherson of sto k ton and ■ eihe O. Johnson
iv a i Fran' i co
DIED.
Be* . William. - > Harwell, Llllte C
Bpning. William C. H*ln<lns. Robero
lir. . n, David Hesiip. Lizzie
■ 1 alinhan. Asnes E. Jones, Alice "
. Cunepa Pietro . _•;'» Moii«»r, Jonn F.
CouKhlln, Da iiel J. P t-rs. Frances Di
Dahl, Bjorue F. Schu dt, John
Davis. Dora Scinllero Eu-rene
Davli, Natalie Swan. William U.
Devlin, James Totlas. Kmile O.
Fiizsimmo^is. John R. Turn, r, Sidney
Uuiu.;s.-o, Julian - Van Ness, Mary
Wool. Henry *'.
BEST— In Reno Nev., M irch 7, l-> 97. William
B.'si, beloved father of William Best Jr. or Los
Ancelesaud i-.dwin a st and Mrs W. It. Gro-
can of .-md f'rancucj, a native n! Albany, N. V.,
age 1 58 years. [Albany (N. V.) paoer* please
cop<-. l •
JO~Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliv lnvltPil to attP d the (urrul I' HIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock p.m.. from the par-
lors 01 h. C. Por 4 Co . 144 edd/ street.
luieruient I. O. O. F. Cem tery.
BKNING— In this city. Man h 10,1897. William
Charles, beloved son of Anna M and th • late
George K. Benlng. an 1 brother of Mr*, Whi lam
Harm, Mrs Henry lirauer. Mrs. Georse Decker
and August, Gt-org-, Fred, Emma aid Amy
Bening. a na.lv>- of San Francisco, aged 25 years
9 months and 10 tlatrt.
JW-\o:iceof funeral hereifter '
BRkjsn— In Oakland, Marca A. 1897. David
Breen, a native of Ireland, a«ed 32 years.
CALL\HAN-In this cltv, March 10. 1837. at
her lace residence, .6 Scott street. Agnes Ethel,
beloved ani only da iguter of James U. and
Anne 1. callaban. an 1 an idaughter of Mrs.
A. Caverlv and Mrs. M. Callahan of >an Bernar-
dino, a native of baa c'rancisco, a:ed 18 years
an.l 6 momns.
A3~Fnenils and acquaintances are r»«DO0t-
Invited io attend thefuti-r:i TOMORROW
(Friday), at lv o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, tneuce 10 sacred Hear. Cuurcn. Fell and
Fll mor- stree s. where a solemn requiem high
ma«s will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. 11. ImermenE
Mount Calv tv Cemetery. ,i- >. . .
CAN EPA— In this city, March 9, 1897, Pietro
Caiepa beloved uncle of Henrietta Merlo and
Mrs. J. A. Splnetti, a native 01 Genoa Italy, a^ed
64 years.
ay The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. a., from his lat*
' residence, 60S Filbert street. Please omit flow*
ers.
COUGHLIN— In this city, March 8, 1897 Daniel
J. , 1 eioved husband of M argaret Cougnlln, and
brother Of John D Coughlln of I akeview, Or.,
a native of Tsunton, M»s  aged 60 years.
J)9*Frlends ar« r>>Dectfnlly Invite I to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday) at 3
o'clock p. M.. from his late residence, 43 Her-
mann street, interment ortvate, Mount Calvary.
Cemetery. Please omi. flowers.,
DAHL— In this city. -March 9, 1897. iSjorae F.
Dahl, a native of Norway, aged 53 years. :. ■■'- .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y i ivltfd to attend me funeral TH.IS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from the par-
lors or the ban Francisco Undertaking Com-
pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAVIS— Iu th.s city. March » 1897, Dora, be-
loved wife of Na.than Davis, mother of Mrs. M.
Huckman and Mrs. T. Tobias, ana sister of Mrs.
M. Co per. a native of Kxin, Prussia, Germany, '
»,-• I By -ears and 9 months.
j^~Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(ih irsd y). from her late residence. ,VOV» Har-
riet street, thence by cam co to New oalem
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FIRST HKBREW LAWKS 1 MUTUAL BENiC-
fit Association — Mem of the above-named
society please tatce i.o ice that th- funeral of
our iate sister, Mrs. i on Davis will taKe place
THIs DAY (ihursdav). a i o'clock p. it., from
her late residence, 30 Vj Harriet street. Inter-
mont jNuw em Ceme.ery. San Matea . . : " ■"''.'
S. MKYEK, secretary. ►.
DA Vl*— ln this city, March 9. 1897. Natalie, in-
fant daughter of William t.ini EmmaC Da via.
DKVLIN— In this city, March 10, 1»97,- at his
residence, 936 Hayes street, James, beloved
husband of toe laid raiherln • Devlin, a native of
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 73 years.
j|js"Xo:ic9 of funeral hereafter.
FITZ-mIMMONS— In this city. March 9, 1837,
John H.. beloved husband or Maggie Fitzslm-
mum and fatuerof William Mangle
Simmons, a uaiwu of New Or.eaus, m;ed 46
year*. • •
itarFrlends and acquaintances are respect- .
ful y invitea to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Thursday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from his la •
residence, 1751 Haves street, ibence to St.Agnes
church. Masonic avenue, between oak and Page
streets. where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of his soul, commencing
at 8:dO o'clock a. x. Interment tan Jose Ceme-
tery by 10:40 o'clock a it. train from Twenty-
fifth and Va c ic.a streets.
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLIANCE OF
California— The officers and members are hereby
requested to attend the iunera. of our late
brother, J R. Fitzsimmona, from bis la c resi-
dence. 1751 Ha es street, corner of Masonic
avenue, THIS DAY (Ihu.slav), at 8
o'clock a. K. Funeral detai> take notice. Br
order of P. H )»lo INNERTY, Pres.
• ■ -~'i homas Alforp, <-or. Bee ?* "
GUINA>BU— In this city, March 8, 1897, Julian,
beloved son of Fr m Cisco T. ani »lary Gulnasso,
ana brother of Fred L. and David J. Gutnasso,
a native .of San Francisco. ageJ 20 years 5
months and .'8 uays.
jay Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invliel to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M.^frorn bis late
residence. 61/ Green streot. At U:bO o'clock
a. m., at the Italian Church, Filbert and Dupont
streets, a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
bra.eJ f T the repose 01 his t.ouL Interment •
Italian Cemetery. . .
HAsWELL-In thU rltv. March 10,1897, L1UI«
C, youngest daughter of the late John C. and
Mary W. Uaswell, a unlive of San Kr^ucisco.
HEINSINS— In this city, March 7,1817, Robert
HeinMus, a native of Otjlo, a^e.i 84 years. .
HESLIP— rn ihlscitv, March 10. 1897. Lizzie, be-
loved wife of the late Joseph lieslio. and daugh- '
tar of Mary lit as, a native of San Jose, Cal., aged
38 years.
JONES— In Plttsour*, Pa., March 9, 1897, Alice,
wife of lohn Wliisiow Jones, and eldest daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Fred A. Poor of Oakland,
a native of Portland. Me.
MOLLKR— In this city. March 8. 1807, John Fred,
beloved husband of Johanna M oiler, and father
or Mrs. F. Beurmann and Walter M .Her, a na-
tive or Holstein. Germany, aged 66 years 11
months and 10 days. A member of Forest Grove
Council No. 75. order of Chosen Friends, of For-
est Hill. Placer County, Cal., and Friend! of the
Golden Gate Verein. i
j»l~Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully InvteJ to attend the funeral THIS DAY '
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of U. F. Su r .<& Co., 1209 Mission street,
neat Eighth. Interment I. v. O. F. Cemetery.
PETE KS— in this city, March 8, 1897, France*
. Lie la Peters, a native or Una Francisco, aged 13
" years aud 5 days.
SUHUL T— In this city. March 9, 1897, John, be-
loved husband of Christina £cbuldt, and only
beloved son of Mrs, Clans Ditimer of Cordelia,
Ho ano County, Cat., a native of the province of
Hanover. Germany, aged Hi years 10 months
and 23 days. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6,
O. ri. H. a.
ay Friends and acquaintances are reiDect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW.
(Friday), at 1:30. o'clock p. m., from the par-,
lors of Gaatner & Gun 8 and 10 City Hall"
square, thence to Red Me is Hall. 510 Bush
street, near Grant avenue, where funeral serv-
ices will ■•« helJ timer the auspices of Eureka
Lodge No. ft. O. d. H. S. interment LO. O. F.
Cemetery.
BCIALLERO— In this city. March 10, 189?, Eu-
gene, beloved infant of Lena and the late Eugene
K. Scialiero, brother of Lillian hciallero. and
grandson or Mrs. Elizabsth Elpp?r and Mme.
bclallero, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
month*. ' ,
- i^"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully nvited ioat end the funeral TO-MORROW*
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. i*-. from the residence
of his mother, 632 Natom* street, between
Seventu and Eighth. interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery. '
SWAN— In Vallejo, March 10. 1897.: William D.,
beloved son of Jane and Charles Swan, a native
or San Francico, aged 29 years and 11 months.
TOKLAS— In this cltv. March 10. 1H97, Emille
O. beloved wife of F rlinana Toklas. a native
or Brooklyn, N. V.. aged 40 yearj 11 months and
28 days.
TURNER— In this cltv, March 9, 1897. Sidney
Turner, a native of England, aged 28 years and
1 mouth.
VAN NKSS— In this city. March 3. 1897, Mary
Van Ness, a native of Ireland. aged 6J years 11
month- and 19 days. .
WOOD— In Alameda, suddenly. Henry F., hus-
band of Lela A. Wool, a native of Foughkeep-
s;e. N. Y. •- - ■ ........
. jsarNo:lceof funeral her3»Tf>r.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDIN'O ASSO-
elation — Tne • regular . monthly requiem high
mast for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the memoers, will be celebrated In
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Sterner streots,
THIS DAY (Tn ruday), at a o'clock A. m.
. Friends are Invited to ..ttend. . •
1 WicAVOY * GALLAGHER, »| !
FONKRAL DIBRCTORS A EMBALM . -.-.
tOJrUtbSt.. Opp. Lincoln School.
' Telephone 3080.
JaS^ cha sT .'liMifXoiiHY
JAMKS McMESOMKI M -•*"»»__
CMJiiKIAKI'-KS AXD K.UISAi.JI*-RS.
lUu? Mission Street, Near seveuw,
:',.■•■.; 'leleption* .-ouili ■'■>■*■ >■•■■■■'''••
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATIOS ;
IS PREPARED TOCONTINUK THE SALB
1 of 1 uria: p ati and graves in Its cemetery anj
give dt-eds. •' • .. ' -> *■> ■'■ ■■
Perpetual carp of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's, oflic *t Hie - cfmt*t«-ry, corner ;
Bu!>h street and Central »venue. ban Frantlsco. ;
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN - MATEO COUNTY: • NEAREST C'SM»I
tery to the city; non-sectarian; la uoseasaes.
elusive: location unexcelled. OOict ttVi M.uiUt
lUKil* IK>UVUtasV CWtN V MAI*
1516
SPRECKELS
RESIGNED
A Big Upheaval in the
Pacific Coast Jockey
Club
OBJECTED TO EASTERN
INNOVATIONS.
The Club's President Will Per
manently Retire From
the Turf.
VICE • PRESIDENT CROCKER
WILL WITHDRAW.
And the Association's Able Secretary"'
W. S. Leake, Will Hand in His
Resignation To-Day.
The greatest racing organization west
of the city of Chicago is threatened
with complete bankruptcy, disruption,
if, indeed, it has not already been
accomplished. There was a meet
ing of the directors and leading
spirits of the Pacific Coast Jockey Ciub
held at the Palace Hotel yesterday, the
results of which came as a thunderbolt
from a clear sky to the local and visiting
Eastern turf frequenters.
President A. B. Spreckels tendered his
resignation as president, the resignation
of Vice- President H.J.Crocker and Sec
retary W. S. Leake will go in to-day and
the resignations of Directors Androus and
Tarpey will ahortiy follow. Thus disap
pears from the California turf men who
have raised the sport in this end of the
country to its present high level.
Mr. Sprockets said last evenine that his
action in the matter was taken from the
fact that his club had tried to furnish the
public with the cleanest and best sport
that substantial purses and stakes could
afford, but that he objected to "Eastern
innovations."
Secretary Leake stated in an interview
that bis family connections had always
objected to his embarking in the racing
business and that a more prolitable busi- j
ness offer compelled him to accept.
President Spreckels will dispose of all i
of his stock in the Ingleside Association, j
as well as his large racing stable, and the j
familiar red, white and blue carried byCad- |
mnrf, Piquante, Pat Murphy and others ]
will be known no more. Mr. Leake also !
said that his stock would go as the market
went.
The Western turf has suffered an irre
trievable loss. From a barren sand
waste lnjrleside track has becomo in a
period of less than tvo years the Morris
Park of the West.
The policy of its millionaire president
nnd its directors has been to give the pub
lic high-class and clean sport. It was the
ilrst track to dispense with the poveriy
breeding entrance fee that kept poor un
fortunate platers munching on straw and
their owners walking about in rags. Its
munificent stakes have been the talk of
the turf world. In return the public re
posed the utmost confidence in its officers
and the play ai Ingieside was tremen
dous.
Captain J. H. Rees of Memphis, a gen- I
tlemau of wealth and honor, presides in i
the stand with J. W. Wilson of Sacra
mento as associate judge, and the decision
of these gentlemen was never questioned ;
by the big crowds.
If racing for glory constitutes a gentle
man sportsman, A. B. Spreckels was the
one pre-eminent in this section of the
country. With millions at his command,
Mr. fcJDreofcels did not seek to win every
event and stake on the card at the course
over which he held the office of president.
With a tine stock farm in Napa County
well stocked with the choicest of brood
mares and several se ect stallions, he took
great pride in watching the youngsters
grow up until they were old enough to
carry the colors. With only a fair stable
of horses, none above mediocrity, he de
fired no races made for them, no weights
adjusted, but entered them in races along
with horses of the poor owner and gener
KNEW TO-DAY.
ECZEMA ON HANDS
Completely Covered, and Be-
tween the Fingers Skin
Perfectly Raw.
Husband Had to Dress and
Undress Her Like a Baby.
Physicians' Medicines Drove
Her _ Almost Crazy.
Hears of CUTICURA. Husband
Goes Twenty Miles for It.
First Application Gives Perfect
Ease in Five Minutes, and
a Night's Sound Sleep.
My hands were completely covered with
Eczema, and between my fingers the skin was
perfectly raw. I had to sit with both hands
held up, and away from the fire. My husband
bad to dress and undress me like a baby. I
tried the best physicians, but their medicines
gave me no relief, and drove me almost crazy.
I was advised to try Cpticcha Remedies,
and did so, although my husband had to go
twenty miles to get them. As soon as he got
back, I used the Ctjticdka (ointment), and
five minutes after the' first application I was
perfectly fasy, and slept soundly all that night.
Before I commenced using Ccticcra Reme-
dies I could get no ease night or day. I could
not bear to get warm, it would put me in a
rage of itching. I always keep Ccticuha
Remedies in my house now, and recommend
them to everybody, because of their wonder-
ful effect. Yours gratefully, .
AGNES 11. HARRIS, Pftsh , Mecklenburg Co. Va
Sfiidt Ccbb Tbiatmeitt fob Tobtceiko, Dis-
IWIIIII 111-mobs.— Warm bathe with Cctkuba Soap,
centl* application* of Cuticiea (ointment), the great
•kin care, and mild doses ot Ccticiea Resolvent,
, greatest of blood purifiers and humor core*. ,
* This treatment instantly allays itching, burning, and
Irritation, remores crusts and scales, softens, soothes, and
heals, permits rest and sleep, and results in a speedy curt,
when all else fails.
Bold throughout the world. Pottbb D. ft c. Coip., Sole
Props., Boston. fl«r " How to Cure Every amor," free.
EVEDV UIIIMB From Pimples to Scrofula comA
Cf-lil nUMUn by CiracUHA.
erally had a commission on them regard
less of tne odds.
Sometimes they won, oflener they did
not. Still this did not dull the appetite
of this generous patron of the turf.
In a great measure much of the success
of Ingleside can be attributed to the inde
fatigable efforts of this hard-working, far
seeing secretary, \V. B. Leake. Mr. Leake
came from Sacramento a complete
stranger to the turf, but in a short time
mastered its many curves and intricacies
and became a power.
In fact, bad he continued in his unex
pected vocation he would undoubtedly
have acquired National reputation, for he
displayed ability in turf affairs far above
the average. Through his far-seeing
policy Ingleside wa9 enabled to make
a wonderful financial showing at the end
of its inaugural meeting, and it is ?aid
with another meeting it would be entirely
out of debt.
The Corrigan-Uilroan-Gunst faction will
probiibly now guide the interest of Ingle
side track. The Chicago-St. Louis clique
of horse-owners which have visited tins
coast for a couple of seasons have not cre
ated the best of impressions. They have
brought their own jock ys with them, and
these riders have demonstrated the fact
they and their employers were not of yes
terday's crop of wate-rmelons.
They were cherry-ripe, right off the
vine. If we are to have a Hawihorne-
Roby-ldeai Park regime of racing, this
noble sport will be placed in a mound
alongside of the National game of base
ball — now dead several years through
taking.
The resignations created the greatest
commotion among turfmen and book
makers, c.nd Ingleside track stock at once
took a tumble. The gentlemen in ques
tion were very popular in turf circles, and
general regret was expressed that internal
dissensions should have occurred. Many
of the horsemen said sorrowfully, ''This is
my last winter in California."
Senator S. N. Androus, who is one of the
directors of the Pucitic Coast Jockey Club,
and who last evening arrived from Sacra
mento, was a good deal surprised at the
resignations. He said the club had been
so prosperous and Mr. Spreckels and Mr.
Leake had so lonsr devotedg themselves to
it that tne changes came with force, though
he was one of the directors.
"Mr. Spreckels has certainly furnished
great entertainments for the public," tie
said, "and made a great bus;ness success
of the track. He had the complete conti>
dence of not only myself but of all the
directors."
As to what was now proposed, he did
not desire to be quoted.
Captain James H. Rees said he knew
littJe about the matter, and preferred not
to give an opinion, except that of most
horsemen, that Spreckels had furnished
great attractions and made the club suc
cessful financially.
THE HUDELSON LIBEL.
Judge Campbell Gives Kxpression to
Hi* Di<gu«t at the .Prolonged
Hearing.
The long-drawn-out preliminary exam
ination of Benjamin F. Hudelson, on the
charge of criminal libel, was continued
before Judge Campbell yesterday after
noon.
The defendant was again laced on the
stand and Attorney Woodworth asked ;
him a number of questions as to what
took place before the judiciary board of
the American Protective Association.
The Judge several times objected to the
irrevelant questions' put by Woodworth,
and once when WooUworth argued the
point the Judge tersely remarked, "It's
useless to talk French to a turkey," and
shut off further discussion.
M. T. Brewer was then called as a wit
ness and he testified as to Woodworth's
proposition regarding the sale of the
mine and other points covered by Owen
in his testimony.
While Brewer was being cross-examined
by Woodworth the Judge interrupted and
adjourned court, saying that he was sick
ol hearing so much irrelevant matter.
"I nave given you all the latitude I
could," said the Judge, "but there must
be an end to it some time or this case will
never be finished. The introduction of
all this outside matter does not cut any
figure with me and 1 fail to see why it
should be persisted in. If properly, con
ducted, this case could be settled in half
an hour." /
The hearing will be resumed on
! March 17.
THEODOBE PAINTER LOSES.
Judgment for »:{J,a'>4 44 Kntered
Against Kirn by Judge Troutt.
Judge Troutt of the Superior Court yes
terday handed down an opinion in the
noted case of Painter against Painter,
wherein the interests of the Painter Type
Foundry business have been for so many
years in litigation.
The decree of the court gives judgment
I in favor of Caroline A. Painter and E. B.
' Dallam, executors of the last will of Je
\ rome B. Painter, and against Theodore P.
i Painter for $33,224 44 and for one-half of
i the real estate of the partnership. It was
I ascertained by the court that Jerome B.
: Painter was not indebted to his firm at
I the time of his death in 1883. An imme
diate report and accounting is calied (or
irom the receiver.
As is customary where relatives are ar
rayed against one another in litigation,
the legal fight has been very bitter, ex
tending from the year 1883 to the present
time. An exception to the rule, however,
appears in the fact that the estate has not
'■ suffered material loss, but on the con-
I trary has actually increased in value,
j being now worth something like $80,000.
HOLBROOK CHOLERIC.
! Bad Entanglement of the Affair* of the
Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children.
Affairs of the Society for the Prevention
I of Cruelty to Children seem to be in a bad
I rix, even threatening disruption, la ad
j dition to cutiing Secretary Welch's salary
! $10, it was decided at a recent meeting to
' remove from his position Special Officer
: Holbrook, also on the p!ea of economy.
Holbrook will make a statement of his
case to the directors in a few days. He
blames Welch for the action taken by the
directors.
Sister Julia, the great charitable worker
who presides over tiie Siielterine Arms, is
also opposed to Welch, stating in written
I charges that "lie is no >;enUeman" and
her society would not affiliate with his.
As she has given shelter to many infants
picked up by the society until they could
be cared tor her action has hampered Mr.
Welch's body not a litue.
ENDED HIS LIFE.
Christian L.avvrensen Cula Short Hit
Career by the «.:is Kouto.
Christian Lawrensen was found dead in
his bathroom last evening, evidently the
victim of his own desire for death.
He lived with nis daughter and his step
son, at 520 Oak street. They went out
last evening, leaving the old man home
alone, and wiien they returned they found
him in the bathroom, partly dressed, and
the gas jots fully open.
No explanation cm be given for the old
man's self-desiruction, for that it was de
liberate suicide his relatives are convinced.
Not how cheap, but how good lor the money;
nrinLinar and binding. Myacll-Rollins. 2iJ Claj*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH IT, 1897.
SCHOOL BOARD
GROUND A GRIST
Congressmen Memorialized
About the New Post
office.
Old Mission High School Con
tracts Rescinded and Others
Adopted.
Appointments to Evening School Posi
tions, One of Which Went to
Madison Babcock.
The Board of Education last evening
had a very lively session. The matter of
contracts for the Mission High School was
disposed of after a discussion In which |
Director Derhara questioned the leeal |
right of the board to rescind the contracts I
made by the preceding board. The action
recommended oy the Committee on Buil l
ings and Grounds was taken. Director
Head objected vigorously to the appoint
ments recommended by the Committee on
Evening Schools, which meant, he said,
the adding of six new teachers to the de
partment who were not on the substitute
list. One of these is Madison Babcock. |
who had a position made for him at once j
at a salary of $100 per month. Director j
Head also introduced a memorial to the
California delegation in Congress, which
was adopted, and to which the signatures
of the president, secretary and all the
Director? will be appended. The text of
the memorial was as follows:
To the Honorable California Delega
tion, Fifty-fifth Conijresa, Washington,
D. C. a Gentlemen— The Board of Kdu
cation of Sau Francisco do request of
you that you u«e your utmost endeav
ors toward having: the new Postottlce
building to be built in thia City, com
menced at once. The lurk of proper
postal farilitie* are well known to all
citizens* and the proper time has now
arrived for the united California Dele
gation to rotifer with the new Secretary
of the Treasury and insist that the su
pervising architect should finish the
plans for a new building and begin ac
tive operations for the commencement
on the building of the sume, thus re
lieving many of our unemployed me
chanics and laborers by giving them
the meant of making a livelihood for i
themselves and families and erecting a
monument to the Government of the
United States which shall show to the
people of California the generosity of
the Government. The public service j
needs the new Postoffice and we are |
certain that your efforts in our be
half will bring forth from the Govern
ment a prompt action in the com
mencement of the (..i mp. Trusting
that you, gentlemen, will attend to
this as soon as convenient, we have
the honor to remain, your obedient
servants.
A report concerning the contracts for
the Mission High School was made by the
Committee on Buildings and Grounds.
The committee found that the contracts
of the Rae Building and Contracting
Company and Sweeney & Co.'s contract
for plumbing were legal, but there were
some contracts declared to be illegal, these
being as follows: Hindes & Co. for inside
blinds, W. Morgan & Co. for heating and
ventilating apparatus. The committee
also recommended that Peck, Williamson
& Co.'s bid for heating and ventilating
apparatus should be accepted. These
recommendations were adopted in reso
lutions.
When the report of the Committee on
Buildings snd Grounds was reached Di
rector Head said thi»t the proposition to
rescind a contract entered into by the
preceding board was a serious matter. It
was a mutter, in his opinion, to be settled
by the courts. He was opposed to the
recommendations of the report also, be
cause they would tie up the construction of
the Mission High School.
The report was adopted, Director Head
alone votinsr no.
Director Derham spoke against award
ing the Peck-Williamson contract, as the
committee recommended. Mr. Derham
said that the way to free the board from
any possible suspicion of jobbery was to
submit the matter to the courts. The
resolution was adopted, only Directors
Armer, Derham and Head voting no.
A resolution was adopted substituting
wooden laths for iron laths in the con
struction of the Mission High School, to
bring the cost within the appropriation.
A resolution was adopted providing for
a committee on secondary education, not
withstanding the objection of Director
Derham, chairman of the Committee on
Classification. The committee will exer
cise general supervision over the high
schools, technical schools, commercial
schools and classes of special instruction
in the schools.
A resolution was also adopted, on mo
tion of Director Gallagher, authorizing
the Committee on Rules to bring in any
amendment to the rules that it may see
lit.
The Committee on Evening Schools sub
mitted a report recommending as follows:
Tuat Madison Babcock be elected principal
of the Franklin Kvening School and detailed
to act also as principal ot the Mission and
Richmond evening schools, the latter two
schools having no prineipa.s; also appointing
Mia Kate A. Humphrey to a position in the
Mission .Evening School; John S. Drew to the
position of T. H. McCarthy in ihe Richmond
Evening School; Mr. Crosby to the Franklin
Kveuiiif School, vice George Bates; Miss Nellie
Kendrick from the evening substitute list to
ihe Horace Mann' evening commercial class;
Mrs. Invyer to the Horace Mauu Evening
School, vice Miss Humphrey; also placing on
the evening school substitute list as follows:
Miss Starke from the unassigned evening sub
stitute class to the pay evening school substi
tute list ; Mrs. B. C Kedou from the unpaid to
the paid evening school substitute list ; Miss
Emily Ryan to the paid substitute evening
scnool list; Mrs. M. J. Egan to the unpaid
evening substitute list; Miss Rebo V. Mc-
Fceley to the unpaid evening school substi
tute "ist; alfcO that M. Rothganger, now in
charge of the architectural arawing class in
tho Lincoln Evening Schooi, be regularly
elected to that position.
The report was adopted and the ap
pointments made.
Resignations were received of Daisy M.
Wilson Tunnicliffe and Dr. Bunneil as
teachers.
Tne l'oint Lobos Improvement Club
asked that a new school be established in
Richmond.
Miss Fannie L. Soule asked to be retired
upon an annuity.
The following amendment to section 165
of the rules of the department was
adopted:
No one shall be appointed a teacher in this
department who has not received a certificate
from the City Board of Examination. This
applies to both day and evening schools, but
not to special teachers.
The City Board of Examination made
the following report, which was adopted:
Miss Sadie Belcher, grammar-grade certifi
cate; Miss Rose V. Clairborne. Miss Ida M.
Clayton, Mins Louise R. Hnnlon, Miss Kliza-
Deth 11. Hitehens, Miss A. C. Karatar, Miss
Kanui3 Martin, Miss Annie O'Connor. Miss
Maggie V. Radiora, Miss Maud M. Rowe,
Miss Augusta lteinstein. Miss Josephine
Saunders, Miss Rose Seherer, Miss A.
Ji. Sutherland, Miss tiadie A. Webster,
Mrs. J. Kennedy, Miss M. E. McManus, Miss M.
McQuald, Mrs. J. C. Woodland, recommended
to tne State Board for life diplomas of the
grammsr grade; Miss Ida B. French, Mrs.
Clara F. Starko, Miss Ann Theobald, Miss
Estelle Sinsheimer, granted a hign school cer
tificate; Miss Edna Z. Stone, granted a gram
mar grade certificate; aiso Frank L. Putnam,
Miss Martha Latham, Miss Emily P. Ryan,
Miss Jessie M. Anderson, Miss Adele P. Sharp
less.
The Committee on Classification made
recommendations as follows, which were
adopted :
Miss Bessie T. Durkee to be elected a regular
teacher and assigned to the business depart
ment of the Polytechnic High School; Miss
Matilda B. Conway to be elected a regular
teacher in the department and assigned to the
Polytechnic Hiuh School; Mrs. J. D. Cooper to
be transferred from the Golden Gate School to
the Starr King Primary, exchanging places
with Miss H.B. Fairweatl.er; the appointment
of Miss Belle Livingston as a regular teacher
ot stenography in MUsiou High School, to be
rescinded; the assignment of 8. S.
Sturges to the Mission Evening School
to be rescinded; the transfer of Ueorge Bates
to the Kranklin Evening School to be re
scinded; the appointment 01 T. H. McCarthy,
teacher in the Richmond Evening School, to be
rescindea; Miss M. L. Kagnn to be elected a
regular tCßCiier and assigned to special work
in the high-school class" in the Horace Maun
Grammar School building.
Thomas J. Welsh was appointed to be
architect of the board to succeed Charies
I. Havens. Miss Nellie G. Gallagher was
elected a regular teacher in the depart
ment upon the motion of the Committee
on Classification under a suspension of
the rules.
COLLEGE RIVALRY.
Stanford Accepts Berkeley's Challenge
to an Intercollegiate Clee and
Mandolin Club Contest.
Berkeley has challenged Stanford to an
intercollegiate musical contest, the first
event of its kind in this country, and Stan
ford has accepted the challenge.
The contest will take place in this City,
probably at the Baldwin Theater, on the
evening of university day of the Golden
(iate Carnival, May 7. The participants
will be the big glee and mandolin clubs
of both universities. The judges will be
chosen from Hie recognized local authori
ties on music, and are to give ihe decision
on the merits of the contesting clubs.
Both musical bodies have attained a
high standard, both are eminently repre
sentative of ihe universities under the
names of which they have become known
to a wide circle of admirers.
Berkeley starts with a slight advantage
I in probably having anticipated the con
test before she issued the challeng ■. Stan
ford's musical clubs made an extended
tour of the Northwest during the Christ
mas holidays, and got much valuable
practice from actual performances before
I critical audiences, and since then have
given a number of concerts in this part of
the State. Berkeley's Glee and Mandolin
clubs, larger and better than ever before,
made a tour of Southern California dur
ing the holidays. Both have some fine
individual talent, and a good deal of
rivalry has long existed between them.
The Stanford organization upon accept
ing the challenge immediately decided
upon the following strict rule governing
candidates for the musical ciubs that are
to represent the cardinal: "Every mem
ber missing a rei earsal without good ex
cuse will be dropped regardless of his
ability. No excuse but for sickness or
necessary absence from the university
will be accepted."
Stanford musicians who have been per
manently chosen are: McNeil, Abbott,
SawalJ, Bush, Schneider, Lanagan, Kauf
man, Sutherland, Kiley, Decker, Young,
King, Kaathoven and McGuire. Ana
these are accepted conditionally: Brun
ron, Claire, Strohn, Morgan, King, Frost,
Macy, Ross, Morrow and Connick.
OLD-TIME PUBLICATION.
A Copy of the First Paper PriDted on
the Pacific Coast I- in the
Free Library.
There is in the private office of George
T. Clark, the librarian of the San Francisco
Free Public Library, and which may be
seen upon request, a rare publication. It
is a coiy of the first newspaper published
on the Tacinc Coast, and with it are other
issues of the same paper.
It is the Oregon Spectator, the first num
ber of which appeared in Oregon City, Or.
Ter., Thursday, February 5, 1846. It was
issued by the Oregon Printing Company,
J. Fleming, manager, and edited by W. G.
T'Vault. The papers in the collection run
from the date ol the first issue to and in
cluding the 20th of January. 1848. These
papers contain much of interest about the
early history of Oregon, and they were at
one time the property of the Rev. R. E.
Parrisb.
The Oregon Spectator was issued several
months before the rirst Caliiornia publi
cation, whicu was the Californian, which
first appeared at Monterey on the 15th of
August, 1846. On the first page of the.
Spectator is published the organic laws of
the Territory and a remedy for the blues.
On the editorial page the editor in double
leaded type declares his principles and has
a sub-editorial in which there is a call for
a city corporation and the advice to the
Mayor and Trustees to "die up the
■ tumps, erade the streets, tax dogs, pro
hibit hogs and advertise in the Spectator."
Among the advertisements is one that
calls for the Masons in the district to
attend a meeting for the purpose of mak
ing arrangements to apply for a charter.
PROBATE REALTY SALE.
Property of the Jlorrinon Kstate Under
the Hammer.
The probate sale of the real property
of the estate of Julia Morrison, deceased,
yesterday by Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, re
sulted as follows:
Lot 34:4x116:9, with three-story brick
building, at 032-34 Sacramento street, renting
for $210 per monih, was bought by Edward
Roltins for $17,750.
Three-story frame, renting for $100 per
month, and lot 35x110, at 910 Valencia
street, went to Daniel Greninger for $14,350.
Lot 54x137:0 on north line of Lombard
street, 137 :6 leet east of Buchanan, sold to P.
J. Moliterno lor $1650.
Thomas C. Ryan boutrht the lot 52:6x137:6
on the east side of Fillmore street, 85 feet
north of Lombard. The lot has a frontage of
27 :ti feet on Lombard street also, making an
L-shaped lot. The price was $2100.
A. B. Clute bid $2350 lor the lot 122:7x120,
on the south side of Greenwich street, 152:5
west of Buchanan.
Lot 75x110, on the south side of Greenwich
street, Iti2:t> feet west of Gougli, was sold to
Edward Broken for $950.
G. N. Perrine bought a one-sixteenth interest
in a lot on the souih side of Chestnut street,
J37:ti feet east of Laguua, 68:9x137:6 feet, for
$40, and one-sixteenth interest in the north
west corner of Lacuna iind Lombard sireeis,
size 30 feet front by a uniform depth of 110
feet, for $36.
The above sales are all subject to ap
proval by the Probate Court.
The Amount N»l Kxtortionate
In the case of Margaret J. Barry against the
St. Joseph's Hospital and Sanitarium of the
Sisters of Mercy of San Diego the Supreme
Court yesterday rendered a decision affirming
that in favor of the defendant made by the
lower courts. The plaintiff', as administratrix
of the estate of John M. Little, deceased,
brought action to have a deed ot three pueblo
lots canceled, on the ground that at the
time of execution the grantor was, on ai count
of illness, unfit to attend to any kind r>f busi
ness. The lots were valued at $2000 and
deaaed for $500 and Little's keep for life. In
case he left the hospital he was to pay $40 a
month for board, lodging and medical service.
He recovered, but failed to pay anything, and
sui I was brought for the property at his death.
The court ruled that the transaction was legiti
mate and fair.
Suffering i'mm Dementia.
Mrs. Alice Ttec-d, who lives at 406 Jones
street, was found in the tower of the Chronicle
building yesterday afternoon by one of the
employes. As he was afraid she might have
intended committing %uicicie he had her sent
to the Receiving Hospital. Mrs. Keed has
been suffering from temporary dementia, and
the lady with whom she has been living
called at the hospital and took her home.
IBWIUT store, 5-7 Third, removed to 303
Kcarny. .Large nock of diamonds, watches ,«tc
POLICE JUDGES
GIVE THE LIE
Conlan and Campbell De
liver Vigorous State
ments.
>
Charges Made by the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
They Are Characterized as False and
Malicious and an Infamous
Ca'nmny.
The remarfcs made by President Sonntag
and Directors Gilbert Palache and P. B.
Flint, at the meeting on Tuesday of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, regardinz the alleged difficulty
experienced by the society in getting from
many of the police courts even the co-op
eration specified by law, formed the subject
for vicorous replies from Judges Conlan
and Campbell yesterday morning.
It was charged that warrants had been
refused, that jury trials in Judge Camp
bell's court were farcical, the jurors being
bums around the police courts, and that
the Judges and people around the courts
got passes 10 the theaters.
Judsre Conlan, as soon as court was
opened, referred to the charges and char
acterized them as ialse und malicious. He
said that if the remarks had been made in
his presence outside his courtroom he
would have characterized them in much
stronger language.
"I have no acquaintance with Secretary
Welch," continued the Judge, "and want
none. It is untrue that warrants have
been refused in my court, and those mak
ing such a statement Knew it to be false.
"The trouble with the officers of the so
ciety is that they want to dictate to the
Judges bow a case s.iaU be disposed of,
irrespective of law, justice or equity, and
because they are denied that privilege
they make a cowarJly attack upon the
Police Courts. What the society wants is
not prosecution, but persecution.
"The charge that Police Judges have ac
cepted tree passes to any theater is, as far
as I am concerned, another malicious
falsehood. I have always given strict in
junctions to mv bailiff not to accept any
passes of any kind, and when I attend any
theater I pay mv way like other persons."
Judge Campbell, alter opening court,
said:
I think it is my duty to remark that I
noticed in the morning papers— the Chronicle
and The (."all — an articie lrom the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and 1
was very much surprised indeed to see such
an article, for the reason that accusations
referring to Police Judges not doing their duty
In regard to issuing warrants for the society to
have persons arrested for cruelty to children
have been made. It has always been my cus
tom, and I believe every person that practices
here will bear me out in the statemeut, to
issue warrants. This court is particularly
selected by the agents of that socieiy to pro
cure warrants, and I have never yet refused a
warrant in those cases. I have now about
twenty-five defendants on my list, who are
paying from $2 50 to $5 a week for the support
of their children.
In regard to their saying that there were a
lot of bums— Police Court bums— on the jury
of the Tivoli case, those gentlemen, I believe,
are all merchants, regularly summoned by the
Police Departm' nt— all doing business in this
City — and I think it is an Infamous ealumuy
upon those gentlemen to call them Police
Court bums, aud also to me to say that I re
fused on any occasion to issue warrants for
this society. I issue a great number of war
rants, and have now at this time a great num
ber of cases on my calendar that are carried
over from week to week so as to make them
support their children, which they have re
fused to do, and I force them to do it.
I think they ought to be a little better
posted before they make public accusations
against Police Judges in the public press.
Tnoy certainly must be iniormed by some
one. The officers of that society select this de
partment of the Police Court particularly for
j that purpose, and they evidently propose to
i threaten and buildoze Judges into doing
things that they think they ought not to do.
They make a mistake in this department witli
mp. I can be led, but not driven. '
There are two different societies that have
made this mistake now. The other is the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association.
This is twice now that they have made these
mistakes and published them to to the world—
that the eouns were not doing their duty.
They would better come here themselves and
see how the cases are conducted and perhaps
then they would be better satisfied. I know,
however, that the officers of this society nave
all been perfectly satisfied witn my work in
regard to the matter.
Judges Joacnimsen and Low have yet to
be heard from.
NEW TO-DAY.
IT DOESN'T GQST
A FORTUNE
To be a well-
dressed man now a days — not since 8. N.
WOOD & CO. went into the wholesale
Tailoring business.
For $10 we make to order the best busi-
ness suit to be had anywhere in America.
For $12.50 we make sacks or frocks that
are incomparably superior to any $20 suit
made by other tailors.
For $15 we will make you as tine a cuta-
way frock dress suit as you can get any-
where ii. America for $30.
We offer you a greater assortment of
cloth to select from than all the tailoring
establishments in this city combined.
All suits guaranteed pure wool and kept
in repair one year free of charge.
Come and investigate. Two stores only
—be sure of the name.
S. N. WOOD & GO.
(Columbian Woolen Mills),
541 Market Street,
Corner Powell and Eddy Sts.
Mail orders promptly attended to.
NEW TO-BAT-DRT GOODS. /' .
I SPRINKLINGS •■•>-" ••• 1. ; |
II loillYlillllflK} |^\
I TOTS! ■ |l|pw| I
II A sprinkling of Store 7^^^^^\\^'- '■ $f
II News from Baby Fur- ///yWh\ 111 *\ I fi
II nishings. Assortments / M •r>vJJsj v \JI i®
II complete. Prices right. V/ V l<Jfsfswlli-- _^ , |l
II Compare before pur- Y>^m^^jfTT -; If
I! chasing^ •
II We've everything here - y tfr^ V *^£rim- ||
|| For baby to wear, ™; * " ®|
II From the tips of its toes ||
i ALL THESE THINGS FOR BABIES. i
oAa Every Bib and Tucker Baby Needs Is Here. oflo
± Baby Bonnets. Baby Slips. j Short Baby_ Dresses, ¥
* Fi ne Xnd,a~^, ,uir .ace F!nt> cambric Blips.. 2sc each Fine Cambric Dresses^... *
Fine India Silk, full' lace wSfteN-insook Slips... •• : SOceach
ruche, embroidered crown. * vnltß x ° 50c each White Nainsook Dresses
35c Each. Fine-WhiieSalnsoo^^^ rine wh.te NaYn 8 00k sceikC 1
J, (Same with rosette 40c.) | superior White is ; ainsoolc ;^.:-^•■.• c , < * eh
" 85c each Superior \\ hite Nainsook
/\ ' ipi.OOeach M
( t pioff rovnfts the special. OUR LEADER - Superior { }
\/ fashk>n for lHtTe folks- afCWl«l-w white nainwok. imitadon W
W fashion for little folks- InfftDts . ix, silps.flne white hemstitched bottom. \/
1/ Embroidery trimmed — nainsook, all-over em- tucked and hemstitched /
/ 60c each oroidery trimmed ruffle, yoke with embroidery '
Embroidery and insertion neck and culls, a dollar ruffle, full sleeves trlm-
75c each slip. Special, rued with embroidery. A
Poke Style 51. 26 each cso~ vr->^U typical Hale value i
Very Elaborate...? 1,60 each DOC taCn, • __ c-o^U I
000 (Only 4to each customer.) »I.^O Caen. e nol
3u The Crowds of Monday See Our Window Ex- £x|
3U Wo Make Baby Fur- and Tuesday Speak hibits of Babr .3U
j3C nishings a. Specialty. Volumes. urnlshingn. 3C
i| EMBROIDERED FLANNELS FOR BABIES. ®%
I ®'$ A complete assortment of White ana Colored Embroidered Flannels. Quality not <&£
1 ®£) to be duplicated in toe city for the money. In the Domestic Department. 2Jg
®® * Prices, from 60c a yard up. • . ' . . gsg
I SPECIALS TODAY ONLY! I
®® ' None on sale after 6 P. M. This Evening. £®
®£> INFANTS' LONG SLIPS," good OCC BLUE CALICOS, figures and rjC ®S
®1? cambric, embroidery irimmed, /O stripes, the 12e grade, !sPirteh«« 'I 1 SS
®£) 45c grade. To-day only at Each wide. On sale to-day. only at. Yard X)g
>:•$ (Only 4 to each customer.) (Only 15 yards to j§*ch customer.)
<-•>*) INFANTS' LONG BLIPS, fine 7~~T,, t '
®® cambric, all-over embroidery iAC HAT PINS, brignt jet. BVi Inches OC ®®
®® trimmed yoke, neck and sleeves long. To-day only O, «>*)
®^ 50c grade. To-day only Each wan <£<•)
®j») (Only 4to each customer.) (Limit 1 dozen to a customer.) . '! •
Syf) SHOPPING BAGS— Everybody lOC ."■'' '-'-*.®®
,;,^ should have one, the 20c kind. J..— CHALLIKS, half wool, dark colors, . "I AC (£;%
fa% To-day only Each 29 Inches wide. To-day A V g\ijf '
j^^ (Only 2to each customer.) ■ .: Yard jf^
A® ■■ " @*
m ~ : • „• ®*
11 c// /? s^d r// /^ /^^ • fi'
I! / (INCORPORATED). / (INCORPORATED). II
11 937-945 Market St., j 937-945 Market St., ||
0|) SAN* FKASCISCO. SAN FRANCISCO. . . **
®* 'A •
»® ®®®®®®®®®®ixsx*)®®® — — -— -- — ®®®®®®(s)® »S<s>®(s:-«x»)®<i)®
Snaps
Don't often use slang, but this is
an effective word. Here are three
snaps, for three days only. If you
don't read Rathjen's ads you don't
get the news — or the snaps either.
Take warning.
TEAS
All the choice varieties. All fresh and
full of flavor. Regular price 50c.
SALE PRICE - - - 3 lbs for 81.
O. K. whiskey
Kicii, old and rare. Never sold less
than $1 per bottle and $4 per gallon.
SALE PRICE, Lot 7Sc; gal $3.00
SAFETY MATCHES
Made oy ihe Diamond Match Co. and
usually sold for 15c a package.
SALE PRICE— 3 packages for 25c
A This is that famous
g^jijg;^ Ideal Coffee Pot that
\£d|i|§|aEs saves you one-third
vl* '~^*fl 1 the coffee that other
\ * a** pots consume.
j§gggp Have you seen it?
21 Stockton Street ,l32s3 Fillraore St.,
NEAR MARKET. [ Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
Catalogue Free. Particular attention given
to mail orders. ' -. ..
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
MATTINGS.
we carry everything needed in a home.
T\* I 4 f Prices,
mammmmmmmmmm VPeopie.
We can help to reduce the amount of
your purchase, owincto the fact that we
carry a large line of Superior Second-hand
Goods at very low figures.
(Save Time
COME DIRECT ] Save Money
« - (Save Trouble
Largest Stock, Largest Store,
Lowest Prices.
J. 3sroc3isr^Lisr.
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-522 Minna Streo:.
_ Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evenings.
a
0-00000<XHX>000
AN EXCELLENT
Jt 7TC :A T Properly prepared and
VI I^j #\ I promptly served, can
*" * ■ ** *.lmJ always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly Ihe "T> A T A /^»T?
Most Popular K/\ AC P
Dining Apart- ■"> Al^AVjLl
men in town. wammmmmmKMmmwummma
0000000000000
0,
DA£AAf\ q
Important
Sale
THIS WEEK.
j 6- Button Length i
I Biarritz CC J
I Gloves, wJUj
{ Light Shades, air j
•••••••••••••••♦••••**■**♦*
4-Button -|-
i \id?/ I/in i
I \J r / IV IO i
* / /Jr\ Buaranteed I
iiSw 80c i
* In/U . Pair *'
X 8- Button Length 'l f
| Real Kid $1 15
| Gloves, ■■ |
* All Shades, Pa« r J
18 ■L&AJEZ.ItEirr STREET.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
TEACHERS!
TEACHERS!
OFFICE OF THE CITY BOARD OF EXAM-)
IiJATION (Third Floor Sew City Hall), - V
v sax Francisco, Marco 5. 1897. )
THK REOCI.AK SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINA.
X tion of applicants for teachers' certificate (High
School, Grammar and Primary grades and sr«cial
certificates) will commence at the Normal School
on Powell street, between Clay and Sacramento,
on FRIDAY, March IS, 1807. at *2 o'clock r if.
Applicants who wish 10 p»s« an examination for ■
High School certificates or special certificates will j
send notice to this office on o» b«fore March 8. ■
lii comp.iance with the State Sch< ol law each ap- ,
plicant must pay an examination fee of %'£ in ad-
vance. Applicants who intend taxing the exam-
ination must register prior to the commencement
of the same as no fees will be received on that .
date. ■"• '• "P. M.' NOLAN,
- ■ secretary City Board of Examination.
Office hours— Wednesravs,". from 3:30 to 4:30
F. m. : Saturdays, from 9:30 to 11 a. M. ;
Baja California . f
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL APHKODISI AC . AND
X' specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases at '
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merita;
no long-winded testimonials necessary. - I
NAI'.Ki;, ALPS A. BRUNE, Agenta
323 Market St.. S. If. -(bead tor CixcoXar)
"■■■■..■ ' . . - .