VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 54.
FORECLOSURE
COMMENCED
First Decisive Step to Cash
Railroad Liens Taken
at Last.
AGREEMENT WITH THE
UNION PACIFIC.
Attorney-General Harmon Nego
tiates With the Reorganiza
tion Committee.
GUARANTEE OF PRINCIPAL AND
SOME INTEREST.
Soon the Department of Justice Will
Decide as to the Central
Pacific Debt.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 23. The first
decisive step to secure foreclosure of
the lien of the United States Govern
ment upon the Union Pacific Railway
'was taken here thin evening. United
States District Judge - Sanborn va.
called, upon at the Southern Hotel at
9 o'clock to-night by Attorney John C.
Coven of Omaha. He asked the Judge
to direct that foreclosure proceedings
be begun at once. All the legal bear
ings of the case were discussed by the
two jurists and finally the Judge issued
tho. order. Mr. lowen had barely suf
ficient time to catch a train for Omaha,
where he will institute foreclosure pro
ceedings to-morrow.
TEEMS A ORE Bit CPU A".
Harmon Begins Foreclosure Proceedings
Jgoinst the Union Pacific.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.—
following statement was given to the
United Associated Presses by Attorney-
General Harmon this afternoon:
"Upon the defeat of the funding bill in
the House the President directed the At
torney-General to commence foreclosure
proceedings against the Union Pacific
Railway Company, first making the best
arrangement* obtainable for the protcc
-4 on of the Government's interests. Fol
lowing the lines indicated in his last re
port the Attorney-General be.an negotia
tions with the reorganization committee.
On Thurs lay an agreement was reached
whicb will result in immediate steps to
foreclose. The chief step of the negotia
tions was tho protection of the Govern
ment against the risk of sacrifice of its
claim by a sale at a price which would
leave nothing substantial after paying
prior liens.
"This protection is now assured by a
guarantee that the Government shall re
ceive on its lien on aided portions of the
Union Pacific and Kansas Pacific lines,
including the sinking fund, not less than
. ■$45, 754,000. Tie sale will be public, so
that the Government , will receive the
benefit of any higher bids up to the full
amount of its claim, principal ana inter
est. Tne sum of four and a half million
dollars cash wr- s on Tuesday deposited
with the United States Trust Company of
New York Dy General Louis Fitzgerald,
chairman of the committee, as security
according to the terms of the agreement.
The committee agrees to bid par for the
sinkinc fund if it is desired to sell it at
any time before the foreclosure sale.
"Bills in equity have been prepared,
signed by the Attorney-General and Hon.
THE VOICE OF LABOR.
The attention of the readers of this paper has already been called to the action of a "mass"
meeting held last Sunday afternoon at which an attempt was made to show that THE Call was
opposed to the Labor Bureau bill now before the Legislature. ;, Evidence that would satisfy any
honest and intelligent mind that there was no ground for" the charge made at this meeting has been
printed in THE CALL, but it seems that some one is interested in spreading a false statement about
the matter. Anonymous circulars giving the resolution passed at the so-called mass-meeting are
being circulated throughout the City, and the malice and dishonesty that are back of the thing is
manifest to the most- shortsighted. . The Examiner alone can benefit -by the dissemination of these
falsehoods, and the Long Green flavor of the thing can no longer be hidden, from the public.
This despicable plot to injure THE CALL will recoil upon the heads of its authors. Honest
rivalry / is everywhere approved, but the rivalry that resorts to anonymous letters and false
charges can only succeed where all are as dishonest as itself.
The Typographical Union held a special meeting yesterday afternoon, at which the false
charges against The Call* were discussed and denounced. The proprietor of THE CALL was
eulogized as a friend of organized labor, [and resolutions were passed disowning any responsi
bility for the action of the meeting on Sunday afternoon. The Labor Council; representing a
majority of the unions in this City, met last night and formally declared that it had nothing to do
with the "mass" meeting or its action. . . . ; •
The Voice of Labor, one of the ablest and stanchest supporters of unionism in the United
States, prints the following editorial in its current number : ', : . '
We give space in this number to a statement by The Call in reference to its standing with
the laboring class in this community. THE CALL employs many people, and the Typographical
Union has always found the present proprietors to be. in hearty sympathy with them. They have
given to the printers in this City who have been thrown out of employment in the other daily of
fices by the machines the only asylum to earn a livelihood. It matters not whether they are to put
in machines in the future, THE CALL has for over two years kept the wolf from the door .of
many an honest workman. BBpUv'V- - , *
The resolutions of the chapel of union men employed by THE CALL shows the office to be"
fair and just. The strife for supremacy between the great dailies should have nothing to do with
the workmen, and honors should be given to those who are dealing fairly with" those in need of em
ployment, and we know of no reasons for any body of men to pass resolutions' denouncing the
course taken by THE CALL in regard to the right of labor. The Call has shown its sympathy in
many ways, and a great deal of praise should be given to it., In conclusion, we can state of our
own knowledge there is not a union on this. coast that is unfavorable to THE CALL, and, far from
being antagonistic, no trades unions or labor council has passed resolutions denouncing THE CALL.
The San Francisco Call
! George Hoadley, special counsel, and for
j warded to St. Louis, where they will on
j Friday be presented to Judge Sanborn,
j who has jurisdiction in all the districts
i and whose consent to their filing is neces-
I sary because the receivers in charge of the
j property are made parties defendant.
| Tbey are original bills and not cross bills
!in the pending suits. Whether they will
j proceed as independent bills or be ordered
I to stand as cross bills in tbe pending suits
I will be determined by the Judge, but in
| either event the result will be practically
j the same, v.z. : The sale of the property
! under the Government's lien as well as
! under that of the first mortgage. The
I Dills will be filed in the districts of lowa,
Nebraska, Wyoming, Colorado and Utah.
| Separate bills for the foreclosure of the
j lien on the Kansas Pacific are in course of
preparation. These will be filed in Mis
souri and Kansas.
"The proposed arrangement was submit
ted to the Government directors before it
was closed. They all recommended its
adoption. -Their general opinion was
thus expressed: 'The Government can
not prudently longer defer the settlement
of this matter. The Union Pacific system
has already been much curtailed and its
revenues have been permanently reduced.
Reorganizations of allied and neighbor
ing properties have either been accom
plished or are in train for early consum
mation, for the breaking up of the entire
Union Pacific system' has been and is
steadily progressing. It therefore seems
to us inexpedient if not dangerous to
neglect this opportunity of realizing the
sum offered and thus expose the Govern
ment to a continuous depreciation of its
security.'
"It is believed that there will be higher
bids, but if not, an estimate shows that
crediting amounts already received from
the company, the Government will at least
realize a sum equivalent to the principal
of the subsidy bonds with interest 'at
about 3% per cent from their issue to the
average date of their maturity, or about
3.45 per cent from date of issue to January
1, 1897. The minimum of $45,754,000 guar
anteed the Government is cash, so that
all relations with the property will ter
minate upon the confirmation of the fore
closure sale.
"The course to be pursued with respect
to the Central Pacific has not yet been
determined." .
Attorney-General Harmon upon his re
turn from New York, fresh from his nego
tiations with the reorganization committee
of the Union Pacific Railway Company,
prior to the regular Cabinet meeting to
day, explained to President Cleveland the
plan outlined in the statement given,
which received the. President's approval.
The Cabinet was told at' its session what
had been done, but no formal action by
that body was taken. ".'.-.*'■
. As indicated by the statement, the set
tlement agreed on with the reorganization
committee marks the ending of the rela
tions between the Federal Government
and the Union Pacific Company. It does
not interfere, however, with the right of
the Government to institute proceedings
to protect itself in any phases of the liti
gation that may be discovered later. So
far as the Central Pacific road is con
cerned matters are not in shape for settling
its relations with the Government, but
something is likely to be done in the near
future. *
The reorganization committee of the
Union Pacific Railroad Comdany consists
of Louis Fitzgerald (chairman), Jacob H.
Scb iff, T. Jefferson Coohdge Jr., Chauncey
M. Depew, Marvin Hngbitt and Oliver
Ames.
The Central Pacific Company having
paid its interest on both tie first and sec
ond bonds, it is believed that there can be
no default of that company for at least a
year hence, or until January 1, 1893. The
Department of Justice has the matter un
der advisement, however, and will decide
in a few days what course to pursue in the
matter of the. Central Pacific. The Senate
Committee on Pacific Railroads in its fa
vorable report of Senator Gear's bill for a
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 23, 1 897.
The French Collier Madeliene That Came In From Callao, Her Hold Rent by the Force of the Explosion of One
of Her Oil Tanks and Her Decks Dyed With the Blood of Her Second Officer.
Pacific Railroad Commission, made to
day, said :
"We have provided in this bill tbat said
commission in making any settlement
under this act shall reserve to Congress
the right to regulate or prescribe the rates
of tolls or charges for transportation of
freights or passengers on any or all of said
roads and all. other rights and powers in
respect to said roads and railroad compa
nies as they exist." |
JB.E ImlJt'E OP JPJIOCEDUEE.
It Will Be as Indicated \n Harmon's
Annual It-port.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 22.— The
line of procedure against the bond-aided
Pacific railroads will be as indicated by
the Attorney-General in bis annual re
port. The part .of Attorney-General
Harmon's report referred to is as follows:
"The report of Hon. George Homely,
special counsel of the United States, which
is affixed to the report, shows that there
is no substantial change in the state of
the litigation about the Union Pacific
Railway and its branches. I have grave
doubts as to the ability of the Government
to preserve the present situation much
longer. I am advised that an attempt
will be made to enforce the Government's
appearance in the foreclosure case, with a
view of giving a complete title to the pur
chaser at the foreclosure sale.
"While I believe the position Heretofore
taken and still maintained by the Gov
ernment is the true one— namely, that its
appearance cannot be compelled — it must
be confessed tbat the contention of oppos
ing counsel 'is at least debatable— namely,
that while the Government cannot be
sued with a view to recovery again, it may
properly be made a party, to a suit iv
equity brought by the holders of bonds
issued by its express consent upon prop
erty on which it has itself received a lien.
"As the only object of steadfastly keep
ing the Government out of tbe case thus
far has been to secure some favorable solu
tion of the difficult problem presented by
its ownership of a subordinate . security
upon property whose value is generally
believed to be insufficient to pay in full
any but the first-mortgage liens, I think
that, unless the pending funding bill be
passed and accepted, the Government
should endeavor to secure terms for its
appearance in court in the way of an as
surance of sucb a bid on the property in
the case of a judicial settlement as will se
cure to it a fair realization of the value of
its lien. If tbis be not done and the Gov
ernment should be compelled to sue to
protect its own interests, or required to
appear and set up its claim in the pending
cases, the benefit of the position so long
maintained may be largely lost." ■
STATEMENT OF RE AAJZ ERS. j
Guarantee of a Minimum Bid for the
Union Pacific.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— The fol
lowing statement by the reorganization
committee of the Union Pacific Railway
was made here to-day.
"The Union Pacific reorganization com
mittee has come to an agreement with the
Government, in accordance with which
the latter has' becun foreclosure proceed
ings of its lien upon the Union Pacific
lines, inclusive of the Kansas Pacific line.
The reorganization .committee guarantees
a minimum bid of something over $45,000,
--000 for the Government's claim upon the
railroad and for the Government Union
Pacific sinking fund, and has deposited
$4,500,000 as earnest .money. Kuhn, Loeb
& Co., bankers for the reorganization com
mittee, have assured the company the
funds required to carry its agreement with
the Government into effect. /"".'
"By the terms of the settlement the Go
vernment will ree* ive the original amount
of the 6 per cent bonds issued by it in aid
of the Union Pacific, less payments made
by the company to the Government, with
interest at the rate of 3}_ per cent per
annum. ''_:..
"The detailed statement of the debt of
the Union Pacific, made on October 1,
1896, was as follows:
"Principal, $27,236,512; interest accrued
and not paid, $343,748 ; interest paid by
the United States, $46,094,744; repaid by
the Union Pacific, $15,983,035; balance of
interest paid by the United States, $30,
--105,709; principal of Kansas Pacific debt,
$6,303,000; interest on Kansas Pacific
deots, $6,493,843. -• ";.Cv
"The principal of the debt by the forego
ing figures amounted on October 1 to
$33,539,512 and interest to $36,944,300, while
both together amounted to $70,483,812.
"The sinking fund created for the pay
ment of the Government debt now
amounts to something over $17,000,000,
and it is chiefly in Government railroad
bonds. Thi- fund is to be retained by the
syndicate formed to provide funds to pay
off the Government debt ahd to carry out
the reorganization plans. The net amount
to be paid jto the Government is, there
fore, $28,000. 000." ;/j; .'./,.'„
AUERMAIt'S SUCCESSOR. , ,. ..
Oovsrnor Hushn-ll Slay Appoint a Labor
:..'■._ i Representative. . -; *
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan.' 22.— The in
tense interest in the selection of a succes
sor to Senator Sherman brought nearly
the whole membership of the seventy
second general assembly to j the reunion
to-day and banquet to-night, where Gov
ernor Busbnell presided- and Chairman
M. A. Hanna, among others, responded
to a toast. ;*•-*.
"I have merely come down for an out
ing," said Chairman Marcus* A. Hanna
this afternoon. "I have not been in the
best of health. for 'soma time and took ad
vantage of the kind . invitation to ; join in
the reunion of members of the general
assembly, with. nearly all of wbom. I am
personally acquainted. There is nothing
political in my visit."
Governor Bushnell called upon ' Chair
man Hanna at his quarters in the Chitten
den this evening, and the two chatted for
a short time.
The report comes directly from .. State
Chairman Kurtz, who is very, close to
Governor Bushnell and Senator Foraker,
that Governor Busline!! will not appoint
Mr. Hanna to the Senate. From this
source also comes the statement that the
Governor will not call a special session of
the Legislature. , .
From other sources it is reported that
Bushnell will ' propose to Hanna that
inasmuch as the ' workingmen were
appealed to in the late campaign to sup
port the Republican tickat and responded
nobly, and there are plenty of rich men in
the Senate and no representatives of the
laboring classes, one of . the latter should
be appointed to the vacancy.
To meet this tbe - Hanna advocates are
using a statement made by John Mcßride,
ex-president of the United Mine workers,
to the effect tbat Hanna. the fairest
man in his' dealings with his employes
that he ever knew.
' The toast assigned Mr. Hanna was:
"Ohio, the Mother of Presidents— How
They Are Made." ■ ** < - ■■jr.-'i.;*.;
COAST AHJD HARBOR DEFEASES.
Closing Session of the ■ Convention Held
Vi. --A. ■ ' at 'Tampa, Fla.' ■ ■ •.? I .
• TAMPA, Fla., - Jan. 22.— 1n the Coast
and Harbor Defense and Improvement
Convention, which closed its' session to
day, the commission submitted its report,
.which was adopted without debate. Jj The
resolutions provide that -the convention
shall not submit any suggestions to the
United States Government looking toward
the appropriation of any .specific sum* of
money for : the National; defense, leaving
the matter entirely to the I recommenda
tion of the proper, authority. The army
reorganization -. or Lamont bill is fully in
dorsed, arid an early consideration of the
bill by Congress is urged and its passage
recommended. :"
An increase in the annual appropriation
for the State militia of the United States
and the distribution of Springfield rifles
used by the United States army among
the militia or National Guard of the vari
ous : States is recommended. Congress is
urged to enact such legislation as will give
proper attention to the naval reserves of
our country. The yearly audition of fight
ing ships and torpedo-boats to the
strength of the navy is recommended.
The attention of Congress is called to the
necessity of immediate protection to the
board of the country. >. ■
The committee. on resolutions further
recommended 1, the .organization of :; a
National' defense organization and tbat.
the following gentlemen constitute the
officers of r the permanent association for
the first year: ; President, General Horace
Porter of New .York; secretary, Colonel J.
Frye.of Miiss.-chusetts; first i vice-presi
dent, General J. B. Gordon of Georgia;
second vice-president, General Lew Wal
lace of Indiana; third vict-president, Hon.
A. K. McClure of- Pennsylvania; fourth
vice-president, General 'R. A. Alger of
Michigan; filth; vice-president, M. H. de
Young of California; sixth vice-president,'
General William Miller of Florida; seventh
vice-president, John C. Pope of Massachu
setts. ■".'-' ;■'■•-■-' V'/-- ■-.-• '-•; •'-„;' ■•■ ..J
THERE'S BLOOD
UPON HER DECKS
Arrival of the Madeleine
After a Tragic Run
From Callao.
An Oil Tank Exploded and j
Injured Eleven of Her
Crew.
That Reported Du-l in Midocean Was
a Murderous Quarrel 'tween
Officers.
After an eventful trip from Callao, Peru,
the French collier Madeleine came in yes
terday morning. She has had an explo
sion on board, and eleven of her men
were hurt. She had a scandal, top, and a
shooting affair — it was said at first it was
a duel—and now her chief engineer is in
tbe brig on a Spanish warship at Acapulco
and her second officer is in the hospital.
The Madeleine is 'fitted out for the oil
trade, and it was one of her cargo tanks
that exploded. She was off .Callao when
the accident occurred, and not one of the
eleven men who were then workiug in the
hold escaped injury. Three of them were
very severely injured and had to be left
behind. ..The cause of the explosion is
not known, but it must have been of ter
rific force, for it almost wrecked every
thing in the interior of the vessel.
The Madeleine sailed from Callao No
vember 16, and off the Mexican coast her
engines broke down and she ran into
Acapulco for repairs.
It was after the Madeleine left Acapulco
that the shooting . affray occurred. At
Callao the engineer, a Peruvian named
Abe Necanicen, brought his wife on board
for passage to this port. Before reaching
Acapulco the second officer, Dram and,
and the engineer frequently fought, the
cause being the engineer's wife and the
remarks which Dramand was in the habit
of passing upon her.
When the Madeleine left Acapulco the
feeling . between the, two men was very
bitter and she was hardly in blue water
.before it broke out. in a storm. It ended
"Oh, well," says Chief Clerk Duckworth, with a dainty little shrug; of the shoulders, " there
are others-"
by Necanicen going below to his cabin*
and reappearing on deck witn a revolver
he shot the second officer, who was stand
ing near the companionway. There was
no word of warning from the engineer,
no talK of wrong to himself or his wife;
it was a cold-blooded murder, so the
officers of the Madeleine say. and the
engineer was at once put in irons.
The second officer was so badly wound
ed that it was at once decided to leave
him in Acapulco, so the steamer put
about and ran back. The wounded man
was put in a hospital, but it was evident
he was fatally hurt, and when the Made
laine left for San Francisco they - said be
was dying.
Necanicen was to be held by .the Mexi
can authorities awaiting tbe result of
Dramand's wound. If the second officer
has died he will be tried for murder.
It was at first reported that the mate
and the engineer fought a duel on the
deck of the steamer, but the officers say
that the engineer fired at the' mate from
behind and while he, attending to his du
ties, knew nothing of the approach of the
man bent on his life.
NOTED SWINDLERS IN JAIL.
One Is McDonald, Who Was Suspected of
Having Written the Fair
Pencil Will.
' CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21— George F.
McDonald and Edwin Noyes Hills, who,,
twenty-five years ago, made themselves
famous by aiding George and Austin Bid
well and swindling the Bank of England
out of £1,000, 000,. are locked up here
complaint of the J. W. Butler Paper Com
pany of this city. Alter the arrest of the
two men McDonald was suspected of hav
i ing been, the author of the • pencil will of
the late James G. Fair of San Francisco.
He is known to have been identified with
swindling schemes of almost every kind
throughout the country. The San Fran
cisco authorities were communicated with
and a . reply was received by the . police
here this evening to the effect that the
prisoner was not wanted there.
By the arrest of the men the police be
lieve a large swindle has been frustrated,
They are charged with j having ordered a
large number of letter-heads and bill
heads bearing the firm name of the
Butler Paper Company from a printer in
Joliet. The latter suspected something
was wrong and communicated with the
firm. They had given no such order and
the police were ' notified. McDonald was
followed from Joliet to Chicago and ar
rested. Several notes and papers bearing
tne name of the paper concern were
found in his possession. To-day Hills, a
confederate of McDonald in the gigantic
English swindle and who since has been
identified, with him, it is alleged, in a
number of offenses, was arrested.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DUCKWORTH
OVERCOME
Stricken With Apoplexy as
He Reads a Report of
• Censure.
BUT THE CHIEF CLERK
HAS DEFENDERS.
Honest Assemblymen Acknowl
edged That They Asked for
Friends' Appointments.
NO GRATITUDE SHOWN BY THE
FUSED MINORITY.
They Insist Upon Making a Scapegoat
of the O.ficial Who Made Up a Roll
at Their R quest
SACRAMENTO. Cau, Jan. 22.— The
Democratic and fused minority carried
out to-day tbe programme upon which
they had agreed, which was to mike the
most of the Duckworth affair, and to ren
der it so conspicuous tbat as much odium
as possible would be attached to the Re
publican majority. The minority didn't
care whether Duckworth individually or
the Republicans collectively were to be
placed in the roasting- pan. Either would
be good enough fish for their net to salt
down for the next campaign. *
The Inconsistency of the whole matter
was that nearly all the Democrats and
Populists had voted to pay the employes
on the temporary roll a week's pay for a
day's' work, and among those so voting
was ex-Congressman Caminetti, the leader
of the Democratic minority. Caminetti
had requested Duckworth to place two of
his friends on the roll and Duckworth had
complied with his request. Caminetti,
however, was not lacking in gratitude, as
were many of bis. associates, and be re
mained passive and silent during the
whole of the proceedings. ;
Assemblyman Bridgford, a Democrat
from Colusa, and Shanahan, a wild-eyed
Populist from Shasta, . led the agitation
to-day. Bridgford did not ask Chief
Clerk Duckworth for any appointments
on the temporary roll, and therefore did
not receive any. Two young friends ot
Shanahan had gone to the chief clerk and
had informed him that Shanahan wanted
their names placed on the roll, but that
they were unable to find -Shanahan,- that
gentleman at the time being under tbe in
fluence of a severe attack of malaria.
So illness was the only thing that pre
vented Shanahan from being gagged by
the uprightness of his own conscience in
the same manner as was his ex-colleague,
Caminetti. •
During the discussion the Democrats
did not even attempt to explain why they
had voted a week's pay for a day's worK,
and why they had thus paid off a few
political debts at the expense of the State,
while at the same time they were clamor
ing for retrenchment with the persistency
of a woman demanding a new bonnet
about Easter. pPBKIS
.* In order to raise a dust as to the iden
tity and the whereabouts of the real cul
prit they focussed their attacks upon the
unfortunate .clerk who had, perhaps,
overreached his duty in the attempt to2
oblige all the Assemblymen, irrespective
of party.
There were some Democrats as well as
Republicans, however, who had no hesi
tation in meeting the issue fairly and can
didly. Among these were Leon E. Jones
(R.) of San Francisco and T. E. Treacy
(D.)of San Francisco. Jones declared that
he bad asked Duckworth to place two
friends of. his on the roll, and that the
clerk had obliged him by doin. so. He
said that the Assembly itself had thought
lessly voted 'to pay the temporary em
ployes for a week's work, and that the
members ought to be men enough to bear
the brunt' of whatever blame might be
attached and not plead the baby act by
throwing it upon an employe.
Treacy, who really ought to be a Repub
lican, for he seems to be a good man, said
that be had signed a petition or two to
Duckworth on behalf of some friends and
that he thought that the Assembly was to
blame. He was -willing to take one
eightieth of the blame, and if it should be
come necessary to reimburse the State he
would not* object to subscribing one
eightieth of tbe sum. He, therefore,
thought that the best thing the Assembly
could do would be to drop the matter
altogether and make provisions against a
repetition of the blunder.
When the committee presented its re
port this aiternoon nobody expected that
there would be any sensational* scene. It
was known tbat the clerk would be cen
sured in the report and that his friends
would rise in his defense, but no one
looked for a physical collapse on the part
of the baited employe. The incident
showed the terrible strain under which he
had been suffering for many days past.
It was known, of course, that he bad con
siderable to ruffle his nerves, but it was
not expected that an apparently strong
and vigorous man in the prime of life
ebould flop to the floor like a wet rag.
Some suspicious and uncharitable per
sons said that the clerk was simply ac.ing
in order to gain sympathy, but those who
were near him and the doctor who went up
to the desk to attend him knew that he was
a very sick man, the victim of a case of
nervous collapse. To-night he is in bed
under care of a doctor, and bis friends are
advised not to go near him, that absolute
rest is necessary to enable him to pull
through.
The report of the committee was as
severe as its authors could wish, and was
evidently too severe to suit fair-minded
members.
Leavitt's amendment tbat the Assembly
should select a committee of seven to in
vestigate the whole matter was a fair
proposition, but North wanted the Speaker
to appoint the committee, and when the
Speaker announced that Duckworth de
sired to address the House in his own de
fense North objected, and Dennery urged
tbat the clerk be allowed to speak, but on
an objection by tbe Populist from Shasta
this courtesy was denied the accused.
It was observed that Duckworth's voice
had a clear, strong ring as he read the
substitute to tbe amendment, but the re
porters and his fellow clerks observed the
nervous twitchins* of the jaws and the
hanas that proclaimed the violence of the
struggle within. When he came to the
passage "Which charges S. J. Duckworth
entirely denies" the words were uttered
sharply and stridently, and at the same
time he raised his right hand and shook
his pencil at tbe House.
After the Speaker bad been authorized
to app in t the investigating committee
Duckworth started to walk down irom bis
desk, but . staggered and would hare
dropped to the floor had not an assistant
clerk seized bim around. the waist and
placed him in a chair. Duckworth was
breathing violently, a.id his wife and his
brother, who were on the floor, ran to his
assistance. Major C. W. Kyle took his
place at the desk for the remainder of the
day's session, and the first chapter in the
legislative scandal was ended.
PROCEEDINGS IX DETAIL.
Duckworth Overcome by Aptpleocy While
lieuitinq leports of Censure.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 22. — The
Assembly this morning passed a bill
amending the act to create a Commis
sioner of Public Works.
Caminetti's resolution, calling on the
San Francisco Harbor Commissioners for
information, was reported back and
passed.
* Howard's bill, requiring miners in
mines in which blast is done to notify
one another at the time of changing shifts
of the condition of the f ee of the tunnel,
was passed after considerable discussion.
Bridcford's bill to amend the law rela
tive to the redemption of property sold
for delinquent taxes was killed.
Recess was taken until 3 o'clock.
When the House reconvened, bill 98, by
Moultrie. qualifying non-residents to act
as administrators of the estates cf de
ceased persons, was read a third time and
passed. -
Bills 412 to 453, inclusive, were read a
second time and ordered engrossed, with
the exception of bills 451 and 452, relative
to game laws.
Cutter moved to amend bill 451, extend
ing the proposed closed season for salmon.
Belshaw spoke against the amendment.
On motion of Shanahan bills 451 and
452 were made the special order for Tues*
day morning.
On motion the report of the Committee
on Attaches was taken up out of order.
The report led off witb the recommenda
tion that old soldiers be given preference
in the selection of attaches; took up the
Duckworth matter and reviewed the his
tory of the action heretofore taken;
charged that the House was derelict in its
duty in adopting suggestions without
more thorough investigations; that the
House was greatly misled; that sufficient
fads are known to warrant investigation,
and concludes with the recommendation
that the Committee on Retrenchment
make full investigation, with power to
6ubpena witnesses, etc. * ' 2"
Landsborough offered a minority re
port, wbich in effect concurred that all be
turned over to the Retrenchment Com
mittee, but opposed: Duckworth's dis
charge pending investigation. It was
signed by Lands borough and Keegan.
A motion to adjourn was lost.
Dibble's motion that both reports: be
adopted was declared out of order.
Shanahan moved to amend the majority
report, striking out the words "temporary
organization," and entered into a long
argument that nothing in the law pro
vided for temporary .organization. He
claimed the clerk had no power to appoint
any officers; that present laws j were suffi
cient for protection to the treasury if
observed. It needed no amendment..; tbe
only excuse for temporary organization
was absolute ignorance. ?
Jones asked Shanahan why he did not
object when he was a representative at
past Legislatures. Shanahan replied that
past offenses bad been petty larceny;: this
was in the nature of grand larceny. He
was called to order by the chair. .
Leavitt offered a substitute for both
reports, providing for the selection of a.
House special committee of seven with
full power to investigate the charges.
This met with the approval of the min
ority and was adopted.
Bridgford, speaking on the question of
"This is purely a labor of love," says Assistant Secretary of the Senate Chauncey Gark, "but— l
will not refuse a salary." Clark is serving the State for nothing, not being on the payroll,
but he has hopes.
the adoption of the report, entered into a
defense of Duckworth. He sail a full in
vestigation would throw the blame on to
the shoulders of others as well as Duck
worth. Duckworth was the Eve; the
House was the Adam of the occasion. He
offered the opportunity and the House
accepted it.
North offered another amendment, pro
viding the appointment of a committee by
the chairman.
Duckworth here asked for permission to
address the .House. Shanahan objected.
The chairman announced that unanimous
consent of the House was necessary.
Duckworth thereupon withdrew his
request.
North's amendment was then adopted.
While reading the report for final adop
tion Duckworth suffered a slight stroke of
apoplexy and was obliged to retire from
his desk. ■ ' "*-' - • '
The report was finally adopted as
amended land the House adjourned until
Monday morning. -^H;:^
DULL DAI IX THE SEX ATE.
Several Unimportant Resolutions and
Hitla Are Introduced.
SACRAMENTO, , Cal., Jan. 22.—
day's proceedings ln the Senate were un
usually dull. Resolutions were passed as
follows:
Empowering the chairman of the Rivers
and Harbors Committee to delegate such
members of that committee as he may de
sire to visit the rivers and harbors of the
State in connection with bills now pend
ing.
Providing for the removal or resigna
tion of objectionable attaches of the
Senate.
The following bills were passed:
Relating to the interest to be charged
and the security taken by mutual building
and loan associations.
Requiring tbat a record of State and
county property be kept.
Amending the act to provide for the
organization, incorporation and govern
ment of municipal corporations. \
Tne remainder of the session was occu
pied in unimportant discussion and ad
journment was taken until Monday. '■
AS TO POLICE COURTS.
Braunhart and Bert linker With Pro-
posed Amendments.
bACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 22.—Sen
ators Bert and Braunhart came to an un
derstanding to-day with reference to a
measure relative to the Police Courts ■of
San Francisco. The other day Bert intro
duced a bill on this subject, and when it
came up for second reading Braunhart of
fered a .more comprehensive and reforma
tory measure as a substitute. Action on
the matter was deferred, so as to permit
the two Senators to come to some amic
able arrangement and so save the time of
the Senate. At their conference to-day
Bert a a raed to tbe measure of his Demo
cratic colleague, with the exception that
he wanted Police Judges to be elected
instead of appointed by the Mayor, as pro
vided by Braunhart. He also' insisted
that .the number of Police . Courts shall
con tin to be four; Braunhart wanted to
reduce ttfem to three, The amended bill
will be reported back on Monday. '■'
RESTORES THK VETO POWER.
Braunhart's Bill to Increase the Re- ;
■ sponelblltty of the Mayor. >
SACRAMENTO, CAt, Jan. 22.— What
ia designed to largely restore the veto
power of the Mayor of San Francisco, as it
stood before the passage of the county
government act, is a bill introduced to
day by Senator Braunhart. S
i : Under '. the decision ;of the 'j, Supreme
Court in the case of Jacobs vs. The Super
visors, the Mayor, cannot veto a water
ordinance, and under the decision in the
case of Truman vs. The Supervisors he
cannot veto a tax levy. It is held that he
is thus restricted because the Legislature
in passing the county government act re
pealed that section of the consolidation
act which vested that power in the Mayor.
Braunhart has already introduced a
measure, which has been favorably re
ported by the committee, giving the
Mayor power to veto any water ordinance,
and to-day submitted another bill: on the
veto question, the salient . features of
which are here given:
Every ordinance, and every resolution of the
City Council of any municipality, providing
for any specific improvement, or the granting
of any franchise or other privilege, or affecting
real property interests, or the expenditure of
more than $100 of the public moneys, or levy
ing lax or asses-rrent, or establishing rates for
artificial, and every ordinance or resolution
Imposing a duty or penalty, which shall have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
passed tne City Council, shfcll, before it takes
effect.be presented* to the Mayor for his ap
proval. The Mayor shall return such ordi
nance or resolution to the City Council within
ten days after receiving it. If he approve it
he shall sign it, aud it shall then take effect.
If he disapprove it he shall specify his objec
tions thereto in writing. If he do not return
it with such disapproval within the time
above specified, it shall take effect as if he had
approved it.
The Mayor's veto can be overr;dd?rf by
a three-fourths vote of all members of
the legislative body.
This measure was drawn by ex-Judge
Van Reynegom, aud a reason assigned for
its passage is that under the decision of
the Supreme Court in McDonald vs.
Dodge and Clark vs. Jennings, the. Mayor
is powerless to act even in so comman a
thing as a job in street work before the
Board of Supervisors. This proposed act
extends the provisions of the consolidation
act so as to give the Mayor also the power
to, veto franchise-*, and is, intended to
generally counteract the effect of the loss
of the veto power, resulting from the adop
ion of the county government act-
AX UNJUST REDUCTION.
Braunhart' Hill to Regulate Streetcar
-. Fare* Opposed. .
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 22.— Senate
bill 30, providing for a reduction of street
car fares in San Francisco to, 2>_ cents
during certain hours of tbe day, . has had
end is apparently destined to bave a bard
time of it. Already it has been the object
of attack within and without the house in
which it first saw the light of day. It was
introduced by Braunhart on January 11
and referred to the Committee on Corpo
rations. Here it remained until yester
day, when it was amended and then re
ferred to the San Francisco delegation.
Here it is to be further amended between
now and Monday, when, it is expected to
be reported to the Senate. ...
But the most serious opposition to Us
effectiveness is to come apparently from
the corporation against which it is par
ticularly directed. Should the bill be
come a law its operation will be obstructed
by the Market-street Railway Company.
The author, of the bill to-day received
the lowing letter from the San Fran
cisco Assocition of Improvement Clubs:
"At our meeting bed last evening tbe
committee to whom had been referred the
subject matter of your bill (30) reported
having interviewed H. E. Huntington,
who stated that in the event of the pass
age of such bill the company would stop
all transfer privileges and would fight such
legislation before the proper judicial au
thorities, the highest of which has held
against the' summary interference with
the resonable .revenues of corporations."
In this communication several minor
amendments were suggested ' and tbese
will be made at the meeting of the San
Francisco delegation on Monday. /
General Manager Vining of the Market
street Railway Company stated in the
course of an interview had with him in
San Francisco that it would be impossible
for the company to J reduce fares as pro
vided in this measure, as it cost the com
pany more for the wages of the motormen
and conductors than 2}_ cents ~ for each
passenger carried. He claimed, in fact,
that the pi oli t of the company on each
fare was only a fractional part of a cent.
On the part of those who favor the bill it
is claimed, however, that the reduction
provided for will increase the traffic to
such an extent that the profits of the com
pany will not be diminished. If the mat
ter is taken into court, as threatened by
H. E. Huntington, it may be many years
before the pubic 'enjoys the benefit of the
law, judging from the present status of
the attempt of the Railroad Commission
to reduce grain rates 8 per cent on the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company.
TO REGULATE BARBERS.
General THeklnsoni Has a Bill lo Raise
the Standard of Ability.
SACRAMENTO, Oal., Jan. 22.— There
was a strong suspicion abroad iv the Sen
ate to-day that General Dickinson, who is
representing the Eleventh District in that
body, has suffered at the bands of the
knights of the razor and strop, and that as
a measure of self-defense he introduced a
bill calculated to raise the standard of
ability among barbers. Its principal pro
visions follow:
It shall be unlawful for any person who is
not at the time of the passage of this act en
gaged as a practicing barber in this State to
commence such practice unless he or she shall
have obtained a certificate as hereinafter pro
vided. A Board of Examiners, to consist of
five I competent barbers, is hereby .'. created,
whose duty it shall bs to carry out the pur
poses and enforce the provisions of this act.
The members of said board shall be appointed
by tne Governor from competent barbers of
this State at large.
The term of office is fixed at four years,
except mat the respective members first
appointed shall serve one, two, three and
four years. This is to provide for the ap
pointment of one new member every year.
It is further provided that: "Within six
months of the time that this act takes
effect it shall be the duty of every person
who is now engaged as a practicing barber
in this State to cause bis or her name and
residence and place of business to be regis
tered with said Board of 'Examiners."
The fee for registration is fixed at $1,
and entitles the applicant to a certifi
cate permitting him to practice as a bar
ber. After the six mouths fixed by law
have expired all applicants must undergo
an examination before the board as 'to
their qualifications. They must submit
satisfactory evidence that tbey have prac
i ticed or been an apprentice for at least
two years. The examination fee is fixed
at $5, and these fees, with half of the pen
alties collected for violations of the act, are
to constitute a lund for the support of the
Board of Examiners. The punishment for
a violation of, the act is fixed at $300, or
imprisonment in the County Jail not ex
ceeding six months. Certificates must be
tiled with the County Clerk within six
months or be forfeited.
THAT CODE COMMISSION.
It Seems That Xo time Will Be Devoted
to Its Report.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 22.— Every
day develops «*ome new evidence 'hat the
work of Governor Budd's Code Commis
sion is not looked upon with favor either
by the Legislature or the people of the
State. .
While Senator Voorheis' resolution, pro
viding lor adjournment sine die on March
4. was under discussion yesterday one of
the Senators objected to it on the ground
that the consideration of the 900 amend
ments prepared by the Code Commission
would necessitate an * extension of the
session beyond the date fixed in the reso
lution. This objection apparently carried
jittie weight, another of the Senators re
marking that if it were proposed to take
up the work of the commission the Legis
lature would have to sit far into the sum
mer. What disposition is to be made of
the result of the labors of the commission
is therefore indicated by the fact that the
Senate, by a vote of 23 to 14, adopted the
Voorheis resolution.
r How the people of at least one- portion
of the State feel toward on 4|of the pet
measures of the Governor and his Cede
Commisssion was shown to-day by a peti
tion presented by Senator Simpson of Los
Angeles, with the request that it be printed
in the journal. It was so ordered. This
is the petition, which is signed by hun
dreds of voters : . \\ >*
The Code Commission of the Legislature
having recommended the enactment of a gen
eral saloon license law for j the St .te of Cali
fornia, we. the undersigned voters, believing
that such a law threatens the moral welfare
of the State, do hereby earnestly protest
against the passage of such a law, and we re
spectfully urge that you, as our representative,
vote against Its enactment or the enactment
of any law of like nature- >,'/»;'
This was addressed to Senator Simpson
and Assemblyman Melick, both of Los
Angeles. The measure referred to is one
imposing an annual Stale license of $300
in addition to those already exacted by
county and municipal authorities. -,:;
GENERAL LEGISLATION.
Treacy Has a Bill to Provide for Drunk
ard* and '.Opium Fiends.
SACRAMENTO, Ca_., Jan. 22. -Old
soaks, opium fiends and victims of the
morphine syringe, will bless A*sembly
an Treacy for introducing bill ; 427, pro
viding for 'the construction- by the Ban
Francisco Supervisors of an addition to
the Housa of j Correction, to be j used as a
hospital for the treatment of drunkards
. and morphine, opium and alcohol inebri
ates, and to be known as the "Municipal
Hospital for Diseases of the Nervous Sys
t m." ( . v \ "*-"-..'.'
'.' The hospital will be in charge of a medi
cal superintendent, who shall have been
an elector and resident of tbe municipality
for at least five years, during which time
he shall have had charge of a . public or
private hospital for inebriates for a period
of at least one year. He shall be a regular
graduate of medicine and not less j than
85 years of age. Hi-* annual salary shall
be $3000, ana he shall hold office until re
moved for good cause.
Magistrates may, commit to the hospital p
i -••.-■-".•■'-■*• -. • •:'.",■'
for a term- not exceeding one year any
person given to dipsomania or morphine,
opium or alcoholic \ inebriety, whether in
public or private, and who in their opinion
is a proper subject for hospital treatment
or custody; provided that no such person
shall be committed until satislactory evi
dence shall be furnished to the magis
trate that such person or persons are not
of tad repute or character apart from
.the habits of inebriety; and in all pro
ceedings relative to the commitment of
any j such person jit shall he specifically
alleged that they are oi. her dipsomaniacs,
morphine, opium or alcohol inebriates,' as
t be rase may be.
Assemblyman Clark's bill 438 forbids
Supervisors from passing any order or
resolution granting a iranchise for the
operation of any railroad on a county road
except for the purpose of crossing the
same.
Assemblyman Wavmire's bill .440
make, it a misdemeanor to shoot, maim,
kill or forcibly detain or entrap any Ant
werp messenger or homing pigeon.
Assembly Pohlman's bill 444 era
powers the Board of Fire Commiss. oners
to appoint for . every engine .company an
additional driver, , engineer and stoker;
for every hook and ladder company an.
additional driver and tilierman; for every
chemical company an additional driver,:
and for every » water-tower company an !
additional driver, to be, paid -the same
salaries as the present drivers, engineers,
stokers and tillermen. •
Mulcrevy has introduced Assembly bill
447, requiring nances and resolutions
pas-ed by City Councils to he presented
to the Mayor for his approval. ■
.If he files ane to within ten days after
the receipt of the order the objections of
the Mayor shall be entered at large on the
journal of the City Council, and the City
Council shall cause the same to be imme
diately published. The City Council shall,
alter rive and within thirty days after
sucn ordinance or resolution shall have
been returned with the Mayor's disap
proval, reconsider and vote upon the
same; and if the same shall, upon recon
sideration, be again passed by an affirma
tive vote of not less than; three-fourths of
all the members, the presiding officer
shall c- rti y that fact on the ordinance or
resolution, and when so certified it shall
take effect as if it had received . the ap
proval of the Mayor; but if the ordinance
or resolution shall fail to receive upon the
first vote thereon, after its return with tne
Mayor's disapproval, the affirmative votes
of three-fourths of all the members it
shall be deemed finally lost.
Sims' Assembly bill 449 provides for a
State Board of Denial Examiners, of seven
practicing dentists of recogn zed ability
and honor, whofcave been legal practition
ers for at least five years. Said board
shall be appointed by the Governor out of
a list of ten dentists proposed by the Cali
fornia State Dental Association,' and
chosen by a majority vote of the members
of said association present at its annual
meeting held. next preceding the occur
rence of the vacancy to he filled.
Persons desiring to practice dentistry
must appear before the State Board, of
Dental Examiners to be examined as to
their qualifications and to receive a cer
tificate.' Graduates of a regular college of
dentistry may be registered without ex
amination. The term of study shall be
three years, and students shall be required
to register their names and those of their
preceptors. . Any person so registered as a
student may perform mechanical wort,
in the office of his preceptor, but no
student shall perform any operation upon
the mouth or jaw of any person save in
the presence and under the supervision of
his preceptor, under the penalty of revo
cation of his registration as a student,
and such further penalty as hereinafter
provided fot unlawful practice of dentistry
in this State.
Farmers and fruit-growers - will be
pleased with Lindenberger's . Assembly
bill 380, which provides as follows: ;
The legislative body of any corporated city
or town within the Mate of California is here
by empowered to levy taxes not to exceed 10
cents on every $100 of the assessed valuation,
to oe used and expended under the direction
of said legislative body in eradicating fruit
tree pests within the corporation' limits of the
Said incorporated city or town ; said taxes to
be in addition -to the taxes now autuor.Zp.-d to
be levied by law: provided, however, that tnis
act shall apply-only in such Cities and towns
a.sjuave 2000 acres or more of fruit trees within
their corporate limits. ; _. ; ' ;.: l : t \ ? : , \. .
McCandliah has introduced Assembly
joint resolution 16 for the benefit of a
large number of poor and industrious set
tlers in Central California.
Sims has revived the project of purchas
ing a residence for the Governor and has
introduced Assembly bill 388 appropriat
ing $60,000 for the purchase of such resi
dence in Sacramento. The purchasing
will be done by a commission of three to
be appointed by the Governor.
Many years a-o a palatial mansion was
erected on the Capitol grounds to be u.-ed
as the Governor's residence, tut Governor
Stone man refused to move into it and the
building was converted into the State
printing office. ; f;-'
At almost every session an attempt is
made to buy a bouse for the Governor's
occupancy, but the attempt as failed
owing to. the dog-in-the-manger habit
of certain land-owners in Sacramento,
In relation to certain recent scandals in
the conduct of the municipal government
in San Franci-co Assemblyman Henry
has introduced bill 361, adding a new sec
tion to the Political Code and reading thus:
Sec. 3247. A new section, to be added to
the Political Code to read as follows: '
"Any person, committee, board, .-« facer, or
any other person cnarged with he purchase,
or permitted or authorized to purchase sup
plies goods, wares, merchandise, manufac
tures or produce for ihe use of the Si ate or of
an of its institutions or offices, or for the use
of an county or consolidated city and coun
ty, or city, or town, shall always, price, fitness
and quality equil, prefer such supplies, goods,
wares, merchandise, manufactures or produce
as has been grown, manufactured or produced
in this Slate, and shall next prefer such as
have been partially manufactured, grown or
produced in this State. All State, county, city
and county, city or town officers, all boards,
commissions or other persons charged with
advertising, for any sucn supplies snail state
in their advertisement that such preferences
will be made. In any such advertisement no
bid shall be asked for any article of a specific
brand or mark when such requirement would
prevent proper competition on the part of
dealers in other articles of equal value, utility
or merit. .
Dibble's bill fixing salaries for the Po
lice Department of San Francisco, about
which considerable comment is being
made, reads substantially as follows: ' ■ "■>
In every county, city and city and county in
this State having a population of 200,000 or
more inhabitants, salaries shall be allowed
and paid to the following officers of the Police
Department of sucn county, ciiy or city and
county, as in this act provided, and not other
wise, and shall be in full compensation for all
official services r quired of them by law:
To the Chief of Police $5000 per annum.
To six captains of police $2500 per annum
each. ■•■■•■'■•■ ■ f.- .:■■,." ":;-.-
T.i the clerk of the Chief of Police and Board
of Police Commissioners $2500 per annum.
To the property clerk of the Police Depart
ment $2500 per annum. -
To teen police officers, who shall be known
and desisnaied as detectives, detailed by the
Board of Police Commissioners or other gov
erning or supervising board of the Police De
partment of such county, city, or city and
county, to perioral detective duty, $1800 per
annum each. '
Sec. 2. Upon petition of the Board of Police
Commissioners or other governing or super
vising board of tbe Police Department in any
such county, city, or city and county, ad
dressed to the Board of Supervisors of such
county, city, or city and county, such Board of
Supervisors may, when in us judgment the
public welfare requires it, authorize sucn
Board ot Police Commissioners or other gov
erning or supervising board of the Police De
partment to detail . dditional police officers to
perform detective duty, who shall receive the
same salary as the detectives in section 1 pro
vided for. , -, . .
Sec 3. The Board of Police Commissioners
or other governing or supervising board of tbe
Po. ice Department of such county, city, city
or county, may, whenever such board deems
it wise aud -'Xpedieut, appoint two Inspectors
of police, who sbail be selected from among
the captains of police of said Police Depart
ment. _•_.■■ : : *: : "-.::"''•-'
Failure of a. Wisconsin Flour mill.
CHICAGO. Cal., Jan. ■" 22.— failure
of the Russell Flour Milling Company 01
West ; Superior, Wis., waS announced on
the Board of Trade this morning. "V'.'s
■. — •— • ...
Hully-Ge Journalists
And •" journals have been ; scotched by a
keen pen lor to-day's News Letter. .
UNIQUE SCHEME
FOR WHEELMEN
Senator Simpson Wants to
Build an Elevated
Path.
Would Insure a Fine Road From
Los Angeles to Pretty
.'. Pasadena.
,'■' :'■-— T~ ' ••> ■
Introduction of a Bill t-* Secure Rights
; of Way for the Popular Modi
of Traveling.
BACRAMENTO, (.'al., Jan, 22.— Senator
Simpson of Los Angeles bas a constituent
wbo is wealthy and is an enthusiastic
bicyclist.' His name is Dobbins, he re
sides'at Pasadena, and he has a unique
scheme in the interest of those who have
wheels. He wants to build an elevated
bicycle path between Pasadena and Los
Angeles, a distance of eleven miles. In
order to facilitate this project Senator
Simpson introduced two bills to-day. One
of them is as follows:
The Legislature or other body to whom is
intrusted the government of any county, city
and county, city or town, may under such
| regulations, restrictious and limitations as it
may provide, grant franchises for the con
struction of paths and roads, either on the
surface, elevated or depressed, on, over, across
or under the streets and public highways of
any sucu county, city and county, city or
town, for the use of bicycles, tricycles, motor
cycles and other horseless vehicles for a term
. not exceeding fifty years.
The other extends the right of eminent
domain to the condemnation of land for
rights of way for bicycle paths or roads.
Syeaking of the matter to-day Senator
Simpson, who himself is fond of an oc
casional spin on the silent steed, said:
"Locomotion by bicycle is getting to be
so general that it seems some provision
must be made for the people resort to
it, and who are becoming more and more
numerous. We have got to look forward
to the time when we must prepare all our
public roads and streets for the use of
bicycles." '
Tbe Senate Committee on Elections de
cided to-day to canvass the ballots in the
election contests of Welch and Tyrrell
against Hall on Thursday j next at 9:30
A. M. , ;•
There was to bave been a meeting of the
Senate Committee on Constitutional
Amendments to-night to consider an
amendment extending the right of suf
frage to women. There were opposing
delegations of women present, who were
prepared to argue the question, but owing
to the absence of a quorum, the Senate
having adjourned. until Monday, the hear
ing was postponed until Monday evening,
much to the disappointment of the ladies.
A bill was introduced by Senator Braun
hart'to-day 'repealing the- right of the
Harbor Commissioners to lease any por
tion of the water front to railroad com
panies or other private, corporations for ex
tended terms. Ths law!, was. originally
amended to give the commission a right
to lease to the Valley road. Its purpose
having been accomplished it is deemed
best now to restore the law to its original
condition. This proposed change will not
in any way effect th* Valley road's lease.
CHEAP COAL FOR STOCKTON.
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Bunk
ers Ready for the Corral lew
Output.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 22.— "We shall
have coal in these bunkers by tbe Ist of
February, a week from next Monday,"
remarked Hiram Barber, manager of the,
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad, this
morning, at the big structure just com
pleted, near the foot of Weber avenue, in
which the coal from Corral Hollow mines
is io be stored while awaiting shipment.
The umbers are ready for use now, al
though there is a little finishing-up work
to be done. Mr. Barber believe that bouse
coal will be sold to dealers here at snch a
price that they can afford to sell it to the
con utner for $5 a ton. Steam coal will be
sold much cheaper than Mount Diablo
coal, when the realative beat-giving quali
ties of tbe two are considered, though not
any cheaper in volume.
The company, according to the agent,
has twenty coal cars for use between here
and the mines, each provided with appa
ratus for dumping the coal, and in addi
tion it has eighty flat cars with four-foot
side pieces. The cars of the latter type
will be used in distributing the output of
the mines to the various towns through
out the valley, while tbe former cars are
for r u.e exclusively in handling coal be
tween the bunkers. Each car, will hold
thirty tons. _____________
FIRE AT SAX RAFAEL.
Incendiary Causes the Destruction of an
■;'',-:..': Early- Ua'v HO'talry. ■ -^:il.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 22.— old
San Rafael Hotel oh' D' street ".was' burned
to the ground this evening. This build
ing was one- of . the . landmarks of , the
town. ; In this structure, then known as
the : Palace, Judge Terry "was tried
for, the murder of Broderick, and here
also the first Masonic order in Ban Rafael
was instituted in early days. A great
deal of the town's history centers around
the building which the flames razed to*
day. .
That the fire was of an incendiary origin
there can be no doubt. Flames were seen
to spring from all sides of the building at
once and before the fire department could
Arrive the walls had fallen r in. _ The
structure had been vacant for some time.
It was owned by A. P. Hotaling, and was
valued at $1000. . ' ' v '
TULARE FA Rill INSTITUTE.
Agricultural nnd Vitlcultural Topics
Treated in Papers. :
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 22.— The. Tulare
County Farmers' Institute convened this
morning, electing John Tuoby chairman
and I. M. Cox spcreta-y. Professor E J.
Chills
Inlicate undue i exposure and too littla
vitality to resist the cold. Avoid danger
by, keeping the blood ' pure and system
heal.by with >.
Hoods
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills KS&^Sa?*
Wickson delivered the opening ■ address,
discussing the many benefits to be de*
rived by these gatherings. The speaker
spoke at length of the work of the Uni
versity of California, urging the institutes
co-operate with that institution.
Major C. J. Berry of Visalia presented
an able paper on the subject, "Shall We
Plant More Trees, and What Varieties!"'
Major Berry is authority on the fruit in
dustry and his discussion and suggestions
were well received. Professor Lough
ridge's presentation of "Treatment of
Alkali Soils" wa« a masterly discussion of
-that vexed problem. ■:■" .,"'.
Tne evening session was largely at
tended. "Floriculture," treated by Pro
fessor E. J. Wickson and Mrs. M. B. Al
ford," was an interesting feature. Edward
F. Adams discussed "Agriculture in the
Common Schools," while Mrs! Dr. Rosson
presented the '. "Technical Training of
Children in Primary Schools." Interest
is on the increase and a'large attendance
is expected for to-morrow.
■-.<-,. -.' •*- -' ' . ♦ .. i ■
Senator Kyle's Chances Waning
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 22.— The Senatorial
situation is practically unchanged. The
nomination of Kyle becomes less Jikely
and the prospect of a, dark horse coming
up soon increases. The fusion caucus met
to-night and took one ballot with the fol
lowing result : Kyle 24, Loucks 14. Plow
man 6. Goodykoontz 5, Loson 1. Ad
journed until Monday night.
. In Germany 11 to 12 are very usually
the hours for dinner. . ; .. :-••
- jr_ror to-dat:
"THANKFIF
FOR SUCH A
RAPID CURE."
Another
Grateful Patient
Testifies.
CHARLES SCHILL,
(-(•siding at 263 Eighth Street, 8, XT.*
Relates the Story of His
'* Cure by
THE STATE
ELECTRO- MEDICAL
INSTITUTE.
TESTIMONIAL c
San Fbancis-O, Cal., J an. 14, 1897.
I, Chanes Schlll, aged 30, residing at 282 -
Eighth street, desire to testify to the benefit
snd ' cure that I have experienced by treat-
ment at the STATE ELECTROMEDICA-. IN-
STITUTE, corner of Powell, Market and Eddy
streets.
For four years I have been ailing with ner-
vous debility and heart- and stomach trouble,
wbica greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, tne business I have pursued for the
past seven years in San Francisco. 1 suffered
with pain and oppression of the chest and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
January 4. 1897, I app led for treatment at
the INSTITUTE, where Dr. W. K. Vance made
a carelul physical examination, found that my
heart ana stomach were both disordered. I
was placed under treatment and at once began
to improve rapidly and feel like a new man.
The doctor applied electricity and prescribed
certain electric fluids for internal use, also
magnetic oil for external application. These
remedies combined have had a magical effect,
and now, on January 14, I can truthfully say
that my health 1* fully restored. I am VERY
THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID CURE,
which enables me to pursue my daily work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. I may add that I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist appliance
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
Signed. CHARLES. SCHILL.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is creating a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has bean given.
If you are sick or ailing, if you want to
know what id the. matter with you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort
without delay to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute IKE ATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, Blood Diseases, Rheumatism, Can-
cers and Tumors, Catarrh, Kidney Dis-
eases, Throat Diseases. Stomach Diseases,
Diseases ot the Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eye
Diseases, Ear Diseases, Diseases of Men,
Diseases of Women, ana all Curable
Diseases.'
X-RAY EXAMINATIONS I
, WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute, describe your troubles •by : letter
and the Doctors will advise you , what to
do. '■ Strictest confidence observed. v
STATE ELECTROMEDICAL ISSTITDTE, )
'■ Located 'at the Corner of Market, ;'■<. -<
Powell and Eddy Streets.
ENTRANCE No. 3 EDDY STREET.
. . Ban Franc isco, Cal. '
I* A.Bertelln* Prei H. Xordman, Vice-Pres.
A. W. Kir**, sea Joe, Xordman, Treaj.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined .
and fitted to glasses with Instrnments exclusively
our. own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled. ..•-.. -.
We have no nvajs. We value oar reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upoa
the merits of onr worn lor success.
"dkmcnulty.
'T'HrS WELL-KNOWN AND RFXIABLE OLl>
- ■I Speclalistcwre. Private.Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
. -0 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
daily ; 6:3o to B.3o eVs.B. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion tree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOE HeNTUV, M. __>
gH Kearny Street, San Fraiicl-c«», Cal.
flßi^ll^Vni|*\)ro Throat, Pimples, Copper-M
kill Alb IUU -.lored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.KJ
Hi Ulcers in Month, Hair-Falling* Write I'OOKH 1
■REMEDY CO., 007 Masonic Temple A
■Chicago, 111., tor proofs of cures. Cup) -MB
&i tai, 8500,000. Worst cases cored la lfig
_W_p.o 3& day. 100-pago book, free. fffl
! Weak Men and -Women
! SHUT"*-,.. _>J_ DAMIANA BITTEKS. THB
O great Mexican Remedy, give* Health aai
I etrengtb to the Sexual Organ*. . *"***■"■ •—
■ - - "■■- **•*.' - ■ ■.'•-. •-.,. ■ ■■■■ V.':-' ■■' .-"■.HEATED SESSION
OF THE SENATE
Autocratic Conduct of the
State Department
Rebuked.
Determined Disposition to Take
a Hand in That Arbitra
tion Treaty.
The Cameron Resolution and Nicaragua
Canal Bill Also Enter Into
the Debate.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 22.— 1n the
Senate to-day the credentials of Bois Pen
rose as Senator-elect from the State of
Pennsylvania for the full term beginning
March 4, 1897, in the place of Senator
Cameron, whose term then expires, were
presented by Cameron and placed on file.
Turpie (D.) of Indiana gave notice that
he would, on Monday next, move to take
up Cameron's joint resolution of recogni
tion by the Congress of the United States
of the republic of Cuba, and would then
submit some remarks on the subject. He
spoke of Secretary Olney's recent criticism
of the power of Congress in the matter of
recognition of government--, and said that
there was nothing at that time before the
Senate that justified such intermeddling
on his part. It was obiter dictum of the
crudest kind. It reminded htm of tbat
schoolmaster of antiquity of whom it was
said "molliter manus imposuU" — he
whipped his pupils gently.
Turpie then went on to speak of a news
paper statement which had appeared this
morning (the press having become the
messenger between the Executive Depart
ment and Congress) to the effect that
there had been a compact entered into
between the Secretary of State and tbe
future Premier of the administration in
regard to the same subject, with the in
timation tbat there should be no interven
tion by Congress in Cuba during the
present session. This manner of manag
ing foreign relations was, in his judgment,
unconstitutional and a violation of tbe
comity which had always heretofore ex
isted between the Executive and the legis
lative departments of the Government.
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, being thus
directly referred to, rose and remarked j
"that he had not beard distinctly what I
Turpie had said, but was told that he had
referred to a newspaper account of the
conference between Secretary Olney and
himself in relation to Cuba. "1 wish to
say," he continued, "that there is not the
slightest foundation for such a statement.
I have bad no conversation with Mr. Olney
on the subject. I certainly would not have
a conversation with him respecting a sub
ject pending here unless it were for ■ the
purpose of obtaining information from the
Denartment of State. There has been no
conversation at all between us on the sub
ject matter and no expression of opinion." j
"I shall not say," Turpie remarked
when Sherman sat down, "that I am
bound to take the statement of the
gentleman from Ohio. I will say
that I am glad to hear it; very
glad to hear that there has been no such
compact. But the Senator will not say
that some action here is not necessary or
that next Monday is not an opportune
time to discuss the question. For, what
ever difference of opinion there may be
among Senators in regard to the inde.
pendence of Cuba, I hope there is no Sen
ator who is not in favor of our own inde
pendence as a co-ordinate branch of the
Government."
Hoar (R. ) of Massachusetts presented
several memorials urging immediate rati
fication of the arbitration treaty — Cullom
(R.) of Illinois having already presented
many personal letters, some for and some
against its ratification— as he
did so, that he had some doubts whether
it should not be done in executive session.
Then he said:
"A good many of the wisest and best
men in all parts of the commonwealth of
Massachusetts members of
business organizations and highly es
teemed private citizens — are writing let
ters to their Senators and are making
other public utterances urging the prompt
ratification of tbe treaty with Great
Britain. I suppose there is no member of
this body — certainly no (Senator from
Massachusetts — who does not hail with
satisfaction as one of the great public
events of the century the negotiation of
'such a treaty; but, with all respect, it
seems to me that these gentlemen forget
that this is a treaty still in progress
of negotiation; that the Senate or the
United States is a part of the treaty
making power in this country: that its
action is a part of diplomatic action of the
United States, and thai it is very poor
diplomacy when we are still engaged in
such a negotiation with England and
when the action of this country is still in
choate, to have learned, eloquent, heated,
impatient utterances coming from the
puipit and addresses from college halls,
urging particular action upon diplomatic
representatives of the United States.
"How is it possible, if it should turn out
tbat there is some undisclosed, some
unintended advantage to Great Britain or
disadvantage to us in the proposed treaty
which both sides would be disposed to
correct before the matter became vital and
passed out of our power, to obtain con
sideration of our rights and desires from
Great Britain, if there is a great storm
and pent of public sentiment existing
in favor of the instant ratification of the
treaty? If Mr. Olney, on getting that
constitutional advice which it is our sworn
duty to give to the President, should • say
to the Marquis of Salisbury, 'I would like
to have this treaty modified in this or that
particular,' the Marquis of Salisbury
would be armed with the reply: 'Your
people are clamoring for it as it is, you do
not represent your country and your
country's interest.'
"I hold that this meddling with impor
tant diplomacy by angry and impassioned
utterances of this kind is infinitely mis
chievous and foolish. While, as far as I
am at present advised, there is not likely
to be a Senator not in sympathy with the
great public object of promoting peace on
earth and good will toward men, 1 wish to
enter my protest against this method of
constant meddling with our diplomatic
procedure by sermons from pulpits or by
professors' lectures."
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, said
that he congratulated not only the people
of two great nations on the completion of
arbitration, but he congratulated the peo
ple of all the world. The* time had come,
he said, when nations might quietly, seri
ously and earnestly provide "against the
contingency of war.
• The Committee on Foreign Relations
regarded it as a treaty of great import
ance and one the effects of which must
be very carefully studied, for it was
possible that it might create controversies
which did not now exist. The committee
had therefore put off its consideration for
a while, but an arrangement had been
made that it was to be taken up and acted
upon on Monday next.
He had no doubt that the committee
THE LATE SIR ISAAC PITMAN.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 22.— Isaac Pit
man, inventor of the system of stenog
raphy which bears his name, is dead.
The Queen knighted Issac Pitman, the
inventor of the Pitman system of phonetic
shorthand, May 22, 1894. Queen Victoria
probably never conferred knighthood on
a man more worthy of the honor than
Issac Pitman, whose system of phonog
raphy — with its many improvements by
others is now practiced by the majority
of shorthand-writers of the English lan
guage. There were many authors or teach
ers of different systems preceding Pit
man's—Timothy Bright, about 1587. con
tinued by Peter Bales, 1590; John Willis,
1602; Edmond Willis, 1618; Skelton,.l62o;
Cartwright, 1642; Rich, 1646; Mason, 1672;
Gurney, 1740; Byrom, 1767; Mayor, 1780;
Taylor, 1786, and* Lewis, 1812. It was not
until 1837 that the system of Isaac Pitman
was published, which was immediately
declared to De far superior to every other.
His first treatise on shorthand, "Stenog
raphic Souudhand," appeared in 1837, and
he thus became the originator of tbe
spelling reform, to which and the propa
gation of bis system of phonetic short
hand he devoted bis entire attention since
1843, when the Phonetic Society was estab
would give to the treaty immediate con
sideration and deliberation with a careful
review of existing treaties which it might
affect. He had received from all parts of
the country telegrams and letters imply
ing that the committee was holding back
the treaty and defeating that great object
of public desire. He declared with much
emphasis that there was. no such purpose
on the part of any member of the com
mittee, but that the committee would give
to the treaty full and careful consideration.
Allison (R.) of lowa asked Sherman
how long the negotiations had been in the
bands ot the Secretary of State.
Sherman was not able to give the
time exactly, but said that the treaty had
been a long time under consideration.
The Senate certainly could not be blamed
ior not acting immediately on a treaty
■ whicu had been discussed a year or two or
! perhaps longer. He understood that Sec
-1 retary Gresham had taken part in the
i negotiation:-
Hoar spoke again to the effect that the
I matter bad been considered between the
: two Governments for more than twenty
i years, directly or indirectly, and that Mr.
{ Gladstone himself had expressed opposi
tion to it in the House of Commons
twenty-five years ago. .
"The idea," he added impetuously, "of
saying to the United State. Senate, 'If
you do not dispose of that treaty in
twenty-four hours you are to have spears
jammed into you,' is one to be repelled.
"What are you going to do about it?"
Gray (D. of Delaware asked in a tone of
! calmness that contrasted with Hoar's
I manner.
j Hoar— l think we are going to point out
to the very excellent, worthy and well
meaning men who are doing this that the
matter is still in course of diplomatic dis
cussion between tbe two countries, and
that it is unwise for tbem to attempt to
affect that diplomacy. If we have it
pointed out to them they will see it them
selves and will desist.
Gray — 1 think that the Senate of the
United States will perform its duty with
due deliberation whether the intemperate
criticism ceases or not.
Cullom, a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, said that he was in ac
cord with the views of Hoar. There had
been three meetings of the committee
since the treaty had been received. It had
been received at the first meeting and
laid over until the second. As some mem
bers of the committee were absent at the
second meeting the matter had been laid
over to the next meeting.
There was no disposition on the part of
the committee to delay action on the
treaty a moment after the committee was
satisfied that it was proper to ratify it. So
far as be himself was concerned, be be
lieved in the general proposition em
braced in the treaty, but was unwilling to
vote for a treaty so extensive in its scope
until he had fully satisfied himself that
he was acting in the interest of the United
States, as well as of the world. He wanted
to be satisfied that the treaty was not
tying up the United States in a way not
to be expected. When satisfied of that he
was ready to vote for the treaty, but not
before.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusets said that be
was ' extremely glad that his colleague
(Hoar) bad said what be bad said, be
cause there was a good deal of misunder
standing. While all Senators, he thought,
agreed with the principles involved, they
might disagree as to the meaning and
effect of some of the provisions of the
treaty.
.There were grave differences of opinion
as to whether under this treaty a great
question of National policy, which has
been the American policy for years, like
the Monroe doctrine, was involved in it or
not. There were questions whether the
Nicaragua canal bill, now under consider
ation in the Senate, was involved in it.
These wore not questions which the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations or the Senate
would dispose of in two or three days.
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut advocated
careful consideration of the treaty in com
mittee, and in discussing the general sub
ject said it was a matter for congratula
tion that the United States had forced
Great Britian to arbitrate an old quarrel
with Venezuela.
Sewell (R.) of New Jersey urged that
the committee take time enouch to ascer
tain the full scope of this treaty, so that
they might understand thoro tghly all the
questions that might be concealed within
its text,
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada saw little rea
son to apologize for refusing to obey the
demands of an imperious public expressea
in its first clamor. This treaty was a mat
ter of such vast importance that it must
necessarily consume time. The United
States, he said, was not on equal terms
with Great Britain in making an interna
tional treaty, and he proceeded,' despite
the rules of the Senate, to discuss the
merits of the case, and criticized the se
lection of a European umpire. Europe
was a family of ' states. Its reigns
were related by blood and associated in
Interests and sympathy. A European
monarch acting as umpire under this
treaty would naturally be governed by his
surroundings. He did not believe a treaty
———■■i . mii ii in. ii ** . —Tg... ii, ■ i-ap—ni — wiip ii— ■—rr— ru ■1 1 r.Tii _. ■ ■ tM__i(p_»iiii I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
lished. His system of shorthand was re
named in 1840 and entitled "Phonography,
or Writing by Sound," and his "Phono
graphic Reporters' Companion" appeared
in 1846.
Mr. Pitman's "Phonetic Institute" at
Bath is really a phonetic printing office
and a publishing-house for the dispatch of
phonetic books to all parts of the world.
He edited and printed the Phonetic Jour
nal. Besides printing his own instruction
books for teaching phonetic shorthand
Mr. Pitman has issued a large library of
about eighty volumes, printed entirely in
shorthand, ranging from the Bible to
"Rasselas." Mr. Pitman has received
several medals and other testimonials
from various parts of the world in recog
nition of his system and of his labors for
the reformation of English orthography.
Isaac Pitman was born in Trowbridge,
Wilts, England, January 4, 1813. He was
obliged to leave school at the age of 12
years and enured the counting-house of a
clothing manufacturer. After six years
as a clerk he received five months' train
ing in the Normal College of the British
and Foreign School Society, and was in
1961 appointed master of the British school
at Barton on Humber. He established
the British school at Wotton-TJnder-Edge
in 1836.
could be framed that would put us on an
equal looting with Great Britain, or that a
tribunal could be formed that would do
the United States justice if questions of a
political and territorial character were
submitted to it.
Great Britain was continuing prepara
tions that would enable her to enforce her
demands. She had a long line of fortifi
cations on our Atlantic seaboard from
Newfoundland to our lowest boundary.
On the Pacific coast she was likewi-e
engaged and was annually making large
appropriations therefor. While she was
doing this he thought we ought not to get
into any entangling alliances where Great
Britain might have any excuse to coerce
us if she nad the power.
In the further course of his remarks
Stewart referred to article VI of the treaty
relative to the settlement of territorial
claims, which provides that if the court is
equally divided there shall be no recourse
to hostile measures until tbe mediation
of one or more friendly powers has been
invited by one or both ot the contracting
partie-. This mediation would, he con
tinued, last for some years and, as she
always does, England would take posses
sion of the territory in dispute.
Reference was made to the British en
croachment upon our Alaskan boundary,
their establishment of postofiices and
other evidences of an intention to force a
chain along a boundary which they dis
pute. On tbe isthmus examples were
lound of Great Britain reaching out to
embarrass us. The opportunities for de
lay offered by the treaty in this respect
are sufficient, Stewart contended, to cause
the Senate to be careful.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama interrupted
Stewart to say that it' he sought to express
his views on the merits of the treaty he
could only do so in violation of the rules
of the Senate. Morgan remarked tbat be
had said nothing before, 'inasmuch as the
chairman of the Foreign Relations Com
mittee had not seen fit to object, but tbe
debate had now reached a point where he
was bound to suggest that it was a viola
tion of the rules of the Senate.
"I did not intend to encroach upon tbe
rules of the Senate," replied Stewart, "but
I am sorry this treaty cannot have full
discussion in the open Senate."
Up to this time only Republicans had
taken part in the discussion, but Senator
Hill arose as Stewart took bis seat.
*' 'And with one accord they all began
to make excuses.' That," said Mr. Hill,
"may not be a literal Scriptural quota
tion, but it will answer."
He had proceeded no further when Mor
gan asked what was before the Senate.
"The debate is proceeding by unani
mous consent," replied the Vice-Presi
dent.
"Then I object," said Morgan, and Hill
was shut off.
"I understand now who is hit," retorted
Hill as he sat down.
Just as the Vice-President laid, before
the Senate at 2 o'clock the unfinished
business, the Nicaraguan bill, Mr. Sher
man sent to the desk a letter from the
Secretary of State transmitting a com
munication from Mr. Rodriguez, the
Minister from the "Greater Republic of
Central America," on that subject. It
called attention to- the friendship ex
pressed by the United States for these
republics and the interest displayed in
endeavoring to bring about the construc
tion of an isthmian canal. At the same
time it was pointed out that the provisions
of all the bills pending in Congress were
in contravention of the contract between
the Government of Nicaragua and the
Maritime Canal Company, and that if
Congress were to attempt to carry out the
provisions of any of these biils it would
vitiate that contract. T c Minister, sug
gested a renewal of negotiations between
the United States and the Greater Republic
along the lines negotiated with Nicaragua
by Secretary Frelinghuysen.
The moment this document was read
Morgan was on his feet. He declared that
Congress knew ; nothing officially of such
a government as the Greater Republic of
Central America,
"The Minister is accredited to the Uni
ted States," said Sherman.
"In one sense, yes.' said Morgan. "He
has been presented at the door of the Gov
ernment, has been bowed in and permit
ted to take a seat among the diplomats,
: but we know nothing beyond newspaper
reports o.' the existence of the Government
I he i-> said to represent."
He characterized the communication as
the 'impertinent intrusion of a Minister,'.'
the effect o: which might be to defeat the
passage of the ending bill.
gf As the discuss.on proceeded Morgan re
ferred to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and
particularly called the attention of the
Senator from Ohio (Bberman), "soon to
be Secretary of State," that a report
drawn up by the former Senator from
Vermont (Edmunds) and approved by the
Senator irom Ohio (Sherman) had de
clared that 'this ' treaty ' was in . no way
obligatory on the United States.*
_ Sherman interposed to remark that he
hesitated to answer the remarks of his
honorable friend, because they seemed
based upon matters which v should be dis
cussed in executive session. :•/
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts also ex
pressed his opinion that Jthe discussion
was infringing upon executive business.
Upon which Morgan replied that if this
was so he was sinning most grievously,
for his recollection was tbat the seal of
secrecy had been removed and everything
relating to the Clayton-Bulwer report had
been printed for the information of the
Senate and the public. '
Hale (R.) of Maine explained that until
this afternoon neither be nor any of his
associates hud known anything about this
complaint of the Government of Nicar-
aqua.
"Neither did I," said Morgan, with much
emphasis. He repeated ■ his assertion
that if th s bill were recommitted and the
arbitration treaty were ratified the United
Stales would be shutout and he intimated
that the delay asked by this Rodriguez
protest was instigated by Great Britain, a
country which never failed to push its
way, but had one glorious ' characteristic
in that it never failed to protect its sub
jects, whereas the graves of Cuba were
filled with those who had died simply be
cause they were American citizens arid
their Government had failed to protect
them.
Morgan concluded by saying be wanted
to bear the Senator who would move to re
commit this bill. '
Replying by indirection to this chal
lenge. Hale (R.) of Maine suggested that
the Senate should adjourn until to-day,
so as to give an opportunity for obtaining
further informati n before the motion to
recommend was made. <■....
Morgan reported that he hoped in such
cases the Senator from Maine ■ (Hale)
would make the application to Secretary
Olney, for he (Morgan) had found by ex
perience that he could get nothing from
the State Department.
Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin briefly addressed
the Senate against the Nicaraguan bill,
speaking of it as being in articulo mortis
and of the company as a "worthless and
bankrupt corporation."
The Senate, at 4:45 p. St., adjourned till
to-morrow, with the understanding it
would then take up unopposed bills and
per aps co through the formal motion of
reading the bankruptcy bill, which Hale
said would occupy an hour and a half at
least-
HOUSE PASSES A VETOED BILL.
Cooper and Grosvenor Pay Their Re-
spects to the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.— 1n
the House to-day Cox (D.)of Texas, rising
to a question of personal privilege, read a
newspaper paragraph crediting Walker
(R.) of Massachusetts, chairman of the
Committee on Banking and Currency,
with the statement that there was so little
public demand for legislation on the sub
ject of banking and currency that he
could not get his committee together to
discuss the subject. He said he had at
tended every meeting of that committee,
save a very tew, ever since he had been a
member, and that he was now ready to
meet the chairman at any time and vote
upon any proposition he may present.
Walker good naturedly observed that
this was one of 10,000 statements im
puted to him which had no foundation in
fact.
A bill was passed authorizing the Gal
veston and Great Northern Railway Com
pany to build a railroad through- the In
dian Territory.
A joint resolution was reported from
the Committee on Printing providing for
an index of the Government publications
from 1&81 to 1893, by Dr. J. E.Ames,
superintendent of the documents, at a
compensation of $1000 a Congress— s6ooo
in all. Passed. .
On motion of Dalzell (R.) of Pennsyl
vania it was voted to adjourn over from
to-day until Monday next.
A joint resolution was passed providing
for the distribution of atlases and maps
published by the Geological Survey.
Cooper (D.) of Texas called up the
House bill constituting a new division of
the eastern judicial district of Texas, pro
viding for holding court at Beaumont and
authorizing the appointment of a clerk
for said court, and ] moved that it be
passed, the objections of the President to
the contrary notwithstanding.
The Committee on -Judiciary recom
mended that tbe bill do so pass.
[The President's reasons for so vetoing
the bill were that the present accommoda
tions were sufficient for transacting the
business arising from the counties in
cluded in the proposed new division.]
Cooper explained tbat he bad made
several attempts to see the President
while the bill was before him. In all
these attempts he was unsuccessful, the
secretary of the President, "who holds
the key to the door by which members of
Congress are admitted to the President,"
denying him the right as a representative
of th* people of his district to see the
executive.
' Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio said it was un
fortunate for the American people, that
for three years past few self-respecting
representatives of a respectable constitu
ency would make any effort to see the
President, It was represented that he
had issued an order that no Senator or
Represeatative in Congress should present
himself in person until he had bowed De
lore a private secretary and bad received
for hi-* errand the sanction of that august
personage. "At that time," continued
Grosvenor, "I was in the_midst of a mat
ter connected with my official relations to
the President, and after having concluded
it I filed a statement with the Executive
Mansion that I would never again see the
President of the United States under the
preient administration. And I have kept
my ■ word. My constituents never com
missioned me to percolate my business
with the executive through the clay of a
private secretary.
"It is,unfortunate," Grosvenor wont on
to say, "that the President excludes him
self from communication with members
of Congress. He surrounds himself with
a skirmish line of moderate capacity and
keeps himself away from us. - I condemn
myself for not having expressed these
views two years ago, when, if they bad
been carefully considered by the parties in
interest, there might now be two or three
friends of the President ir^Congress."
The bill was Dass-d— l44 to 68— more
than two-thirds voting in the affirmative.
Crowther (R.) of Missouri reported tbe
agreement of conferees upon bills ''to in-,
crease the pensions of Jane Stewart Whit
ing and of Celeste A. Bough ton, fixing the
amount at $50 a mouth. Agreed to.
The House then proceeded to consider
bills on the private calendar reported
from the committee of the whole.
Proceedings from this point were largely
confined to routine matters and bills of no
general interest. At SP.M. a . recess was
taken until 8 o'clock, to discuss private
pension bills. ...
,At the evening session ten private pen
sion bills previously reported from the
committee of the whole were passed, and
at 10:15 the House adjourned until Mon
day next. __________________
TO ABOLISH FOOTBALL.
Stringent Measures Introduced in Ne
;;.. braska's Legislature.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 22.— A decidedly
stringent football .bill was introduced in
the lower House of the Legislature to-day
by Speaker, Gaff ncr, by which reporters of
newspapers and even spectators are made
liable.. The bill in substance provides that
any person engaging as a participant in a
football game snail, upon conviction, be
fined a sum not less than $25 or more than
$100, or imprisonment for a term not ex
ceeding tbree .months, or both. Further,
if any one is concerned as backer, umpire,
assistant, reporter, or lookout, he is liable
to a fine of from $5 to $25. Another clause
in the bill enables the proper authorities
to place persons ;- under . bond to keep
the peace who shall be caught training
for a football. game. •'
'Mias Brecktnridie Made a Lawyer.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 22.— Miss So
phronin Breckinridge, daughter of Colonel
W. C. P. Breckinridge, was admitted to
the bar by the Court of Appeals this
morning. - ■ ■ ■ < - -^ _• -■ ■_ • - .
\.U-The Bully
Of the ; dailies is tersely and truthfully
dealt with in to-day's News Letter.
TO DESTROY ALL
THE PLANTATIONS
Weyler Issues Lurid Orders
for the Province of
Havana.
Garcia and Two Other Prisoners
Shot at Santa Clara for
 Rebellion.
Meanwhile the Intrepid Insurgents
Are Waging a Most Fierce and
Telling Warfare.
' MADRID, Spain. Jan. 22.— A dispatch
from Havana states that Captain-General :
Weyler has ordered the destruction within
three' days of all the plantations and
building* in the province of Havana that
would be likely to prove useful to the
rebels.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 22.— Alfredo Rod
riguez Garcia and two other prisoners
were shot this morning at Santa Clara for
the crime of rebellion.
The Mayor of Havana has resigned.
The Diario de la Maria suggests the
appointment of a military officer to fill
the vacancy.
BARELY ESCAPES CAPTURE.
Weyler Has His Ftrst Brush With Cuban
■ Insurgents.':- y
• NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. .22.— dis-.
patch to the Herald from Havana, via
Key. West, says: ".•„'-.,..
General Weyler has received bis bap
tism of fire in the field. He may even
have been astounded by the brilliancy of
the flash of the insurgent steel before his
very eyes. At all events ten of his special
escort of guides, a corps of Cuban negroes
who enjoy the distinction of guarding the
person of the Captain-General* when he
takes the field, arrived here Tuesday
night seriously wounded with machete
thrusts. Several have since died.
Eight members of the same corps, all
wounded, reached Havana on Wednesday
morning. From their accounts it is clear
that early on Tuesday morning the rebels
under Aranguren and Arango made a
startling, bold and dashing attempt to
capture the Captain-General, which was
nearly crowned with success.'
General Weyler entered the village of
Cuatro Camiros on Monday afternoon.
Orders were at once given that all the in
habitants should leave their homes within
two hours. The village being deserted
the torch was applied and all the houses,
about 300 in number, were destroyed. •
The Captain-General then proceeded
toward Gopossc, sixteen kilometers fur
ther on the road to Guinea. It was
reached after nightfall, and a corps of
guides was sent forward to reconnoiter.
General Weyler, with the main Bpanish
column under Colonel Sumura, halted
some distance outside the village. The
insurgents, at the orders of their leaders,
bad concealed themselves in the houses
in the town. Their plans were evidently
well laid, and it is quite probable that
they might have succeeded in capturing
the desired prize— the Spanish com
mander himself.
Unfortunately for the fulfillment ofthe
design of the insurgent leaders, while the
Spanish scouts were engaged in the recon
noissance the guns of some of the con
cealed rebels were accidentally discharged,
giving the alarm fo tne royal troops.
Before the Spanish advance guard re
covered from its surprise the rebels, see
ing that their plan had partially failed,
rushed from their places of concealment
and attacked the enemy with great fury,
inflicting severe loss in their resistless
onslaught.
a ■
TWO MORE FILIBUSTERS LAND.
Ihe News Causes Consternation Among
Authorities at Havana.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.-A Herald
special from Tampa, - Fla., says: News
reached here by the steamer which ar
rived yesterday from Havana stating that
official advices received by cable from
Santiago de Cuba at the palace in Havana
report the landing of a good-sized expedi
tion on the southern coast of Santiago de
Cuba province on Sunday night.
The palace authorities will neither ad
mit nor deny the truth of the report. It
is hinted by those who are in close contact
with the officials that the expedition
probably started from Jamaica and landed
east of Santiago de Cuba, where it is be
lieved the rebel forces under General
Calixto Garcia went to take charge of the
war material. > The name of the filibuster
ing steamer is not known here. -.'' " ;
Another expedition, said to be of greater
importance, is reported to have -landed
several days ago at a place on the south-,
crn coast of Pinar del Rio province. This
one, it is thought, must have been landed
from the United States, judging from the
American labels upon the empty packages
found on the beach. ;, ■ -.
The ammunition to all appearances was
carried off by the Cuban forces of General
Ruiz Rivera," which have had undisputed
control of that part of the coast for two
weeks. . .'•
SERIES OF CUBAN ■ YICTORIKS.
Garcia ' Daily Adding ' Laurels to His
. Brilliant Military Record.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 22.— Spanish poli
tics are absorbing much of the attention
of the Spanish in Havana. The insur
gents, however, outside the capital are
waging fierce ". war, regardless of Canovas,
Sagasta or any kind of reforms of home
rule. " • *; ' .
At Santiago de Cuba, General ■ Calixto
Garcia is everyday adding new victories
to bis bright military record. The town
of El Caney, a short distance from Havana,
was attacked by the insurgents a few days
ago under the orders of Garcia. Notwith
standing the proximity of Santiago de
Cuba, the Spanish garrison surrendered
and the Cubans entered the '. town in
triumph. The fight lasted two days, and
the Spanish lost more than 200 soldiers.
Jiguani, another important town of the
same provinc., is now besieged by the in
surgents. The last report said that the
garrison was fighting desperately in the
hope that Spanish; re-enforcements would
reach them. ._;. ; ; YJJ^^ :'" ... ''_.'■'
The attempt to rescue Jiguani, however,
has been a great failure and has resulted
in another important Cuban victory. Gen
eral Bosh, with a column of more than
2000 men, marched to Jiguani to raise the
siege. Calixto Gercia in person met him
on the road at the ; head* of 1500 -'Cubans.
Tbe engagement was bot and lasted a
whole day, both sides using their artillery.
Bosh could not advance, and . after eight
hours of : continuous fighting*-' he was
obliged to retire. Then the Cuban cavalry
attacked the retreating force and the right
flank of the Spanish troops was thrown
into the utmost disorder. When night
came Bosh succeeded in escaping to Santi
ago de Cuba.
Here his troops arrived in a state of
utter panic and exhaustion. This is the
most important battle that has occurred
since the death of Maceo, not even ex
cepting Jabnguito, which was a brilliant
triumph for Garcia.
In the province of Havana sad details
are reported of the crimes and devasta
tion of the column of the Spanish uuder
Colonel Rotger, who is emulating the
murderous reputation so well earned by
Melguizo and Fondievella. Colonel Rot
ger burned the plantations of Mederos
and Castenada, and killed a great many
pacificos there. Marching to Guira de
Melina alter these depredations he met
an insurgent band, and was so badly de
feated by the Cubans that he hurried into
the town to get under the protection of
the fort.
. 'Friends of the American citizen (Julio
Sanguilly) are beginning to lose hope that
ho will be released, as it was said he will
be on next Saturday, the birthday of the
King of Spain. General Weyler has semi
officially declared that the amnesty of
prisoners on that day will apply only to
non-political prisoners.
VERGING OX A CRISIS.
New Spanish Ministry and Weyler's
Recall Anticipated.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— A dis
patch to the Hun from Havana says: A
great sensation was created Wednesday
by a. cable dhpntch from Madrid announc
ing that Senor Sagasta, the leader of the
Liberal party in Spain, has declared in an
interview that it is possible he will soon
be called by the Qneen Regent to form a
new Government. Every one in Havana
understands from this news that a political
crisis is imnending in Spain, which means
the recall of Captain-General Weyler and
a milder policy on the part of Spain in
Cuban affairs. "-, ■.-•'.'■
ABI NET GOSSIP FROM CANTON.
Judge Nathan Goff /sits the President-
Elect and Has a Very Satisfac
tory Interview.
CANTON, Ohio., Jan. 22.— Judge Nathan
Goff of West Virginia left for that place
this evening. He said: "My visit has
been a charming and satisfactory one. I
had not seen Major McKinley for several
years, and we had a good many things
besides politics to talk about. In a politi
cal way our discussion was pretty exhaus
tive concerning the Southern situation.
Major McKinley is looking remarkably
well and is in the best of spirits."
"Are you in the Cabinet?" was asked.
"I cannot say that I am,'' answered
Judge Goff. f- -.. 1/ -.
The understanding here is that Judge
Goff will be tendered a portfolio and that
he will accept. At present his status in
respect to the McKinley administration is
not unlike that of ex-Governor Long of
Massachusetts and Judge . Joseph Mc-
Kenna of California. Judge Goff will
probably be either Attorney-General or
Postmaster-General.
Ex-Governor Cheney of New Hampshire
and S. M. Weld and Charles H. Dolton of
Boston talked with Major McKinley to
day about T. Jefferson Coolidge of Boston
for the Cabinet, but there is no reason for
supposing that the New England member
of the Cabinet will not be ex-Governor
Long of Massachusetts.
A new Cabinet possibility was suggested
by C. L. Magee, who stated • that tne
friends of P. C. Knox of Pittsburg would j
suggest to Major McKinley the expedi- j
ency of making him Attorney-General.' !
Mr. Knox is a successful lawyer of large
means who is eminent in nis profession.
Mr. Magee said he did not come to Canton
to discuss the Cabinet and remarked that ,
while he was personally friendly to
Charles Emory Smith he would have to
support Mr. Knox, the local Cabinet pos
sibility.
There has been much speculation here
to-day regarding the New York member
of Major McKinley's Cabinet, and the
suggestion has been made that the Presi
dent-elect may decline to appoint any
one from that State if the factional pres
sure is too fierce.
Congressman F. H. Wilson of Brook
lyn was to-day suggested for the navy
portfolio.
Lyman J. Gage, the Chicago banker, has
not been off-red the treasury portfolio,
and aside from the fact that be is one of
many who are being considered by the
President-elect, there is as yet no suffi
cient reason to think he will be.
Miss Helen McKinley, sister of the Presi
dent-elect, fell on a slippery sidewalk this
afternoon and broke her arm.
LYMAN GAGE'S DILEMMA.
Considering an Informal Offer of the
Treasury Portfolio.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 22.— Lyman J.
Gage, president of the First National
Bank, to-day spoke in a different strain
regarding Major McKinley's consideration
of him for Secretary of the Treasury: He
said: "I have been called on by some
one from President-elect McKinley and
the offer was made to me Informally.
In no sense, can the offer be 're
garded as formal. When I was visited
it was to find out how I would consider
the. offer should it be made, and the in
ference was given me that Major McKinley
wished to know what my position would
be. 1 am now debating in my mind
whether I should accept the portfolio if it
is ; formally tendered. Have I a public
duty to consider and are my personal obli
gations of greater importance than pub
lic duty? 1 have been in the banking busi
ness for. thirty years and ] have become
rooted to it. When the question of sepa
ration'presents itself to me it is much
like a child parting from its mother."
NEW TO-DAY.
MANLY POWER!
___7k d^^k _Cl THOUSANDS OF YOUNG, MIDDLE-
%%k__\ £$$$$$*> V V V aged and old men, are suffering from
Wf '^&^''*y X' ' 4 V want of strength and manly vigor, in-
ti: 1 \ ig^^l**' § A duced by a variety of causes, such as
ra\\ _/^""~^7^^"^"-C"""»i.L_ J! . I fast living, early excesses and indiscre-
W^L^ 1^ &__, '^uG^W 1 I tions, overwork, mental anxiety, brain
tIl. _^*J__T pRkS-SS • fag ' etc., who might quickly regain, full
.'WhmJj^^^ 00 '^ possession of mental and physical powers
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
With appliances for weak men. Wonderful cures are reported daily and grateful
friends send the most interesting accounts of how, under this splendid system of
sell-treatment, their eyes began to sparkle, their blood began to bouud through their
veins, r.nd their muscular -<-.«* nervous systems to regain all the elasticity and fire of
early youth. ... ;.,-;'■
"'-.■: "I purchased your Belt for weakness and disease in the kidneys. When I first
put it on the pain in my back was so great . that I could scarcely sit down. It has
completely restored my strength and removed the pain and disease from my kidneys.
I would not be without your Belt under any circumstances." CHARLES FORREST,
310 Twelfth street, San Francisco.
V- DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Cures the worst cases after medicine has failed. A pocket edition of the celebrated
electro-medical work.'-'Three Class of Men," illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by mail,
on application. Every young, raiddle-aeed or old man suffering the slightest weak-
ness should read it. It wii! snow an easy, sure and speedy way to regain health and
strength after all e.lse_has failed. Call or address ,
SA INTI-HE-ST jfIIiBOTRIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B AM. to 8 :30 P.M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los Angeles Offlce 204 South Broad-
'< way; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street .
•• • IS —-lake no mistake in the number— 633 Market street- '
GANG OF THUGS
VISITS FRESNO
Five Citizens Halted and
Robbed on the City's
Streets-
Two Newspaper Men Pursue
and Fire Upon One of
the Strangers.
Ha Resists With Burets, but Poor
Marksmanship Prevents Loss
of Life.
FRESNO, Cai,., Jan. This city was
in a state of great excitement last night
over the operations of a very bold band of
thugs which arrived during the day. Five
citizens were held up within a few blocks
of the business section. The result was
that every one who happened to be down
town after the midnight hour waited for
daylight before going home, and to-day
the gunshops have received a very liberal
patronage.
The thugs night before last visited tho
town of Madera and ran things with a
high hand, holding up no less than twelve
men. The Maderans yesterday formed a
vigilance committee, but by that time the
strangers had come to Fresno. W3k\
The attention of the officers was first
called to the presence of the rascals in
this city by their robbery of a small cut
lery stand conducted by A. D. Michael,
in front of his barber-shop, at 1736 Mari
posa street. Michael caught one of the
men in the act of stealing knives, but the
thief took to his heels. Michael then
fired three shots at him without effect,
and the culprit escaped np an alley.
About 10 o'clock R. B. Johnson was
held up in front of his residence on South
J street. He was just coming home and
about to open the gate when two men who
were approaching sprang toward him and
one leveled a revolver at him. Johnson
did not appreciate the situation and failed
to throw up his hands at the first com
mand. Then the robber with the weapon
brought it down upon his head with
vicious force. Johnson then obeyed the
order and submitted to being relieved of
$5 10 by one of the thugs, while the other
kept him covered.
Soon after this Thomas Richter was held
up at Tunzi's hotel and robbed of a gold
watch and chain and some change.
Shortly after midnight Jacob Blooming
dale was attacked just as he was about to
enter his home at the corner of X and
Kern streets. He fou.ht the robbers, and
they beat him unmercifully over the head
with pistols. They were finally fright
ened away by his cries.
A halt hour later Antone Diaz, who
conducts the Circle Bar saloon, was set
upon by two footpads on South J street,
almost on the identical spot where R. B.
Johnson had been stood up a few hours
before. ; The victim made determined re
sistance, and the robbers beat him on the
head with their revolvers, cutting the
scalp severely. They then ran toward the
business portion of the city and turned up
Kern street. Diaz followed them, shout
ing at the top or his voice.
R. S. Mappes, city editorof the Morning
Republican, and Martin Madsen, a re
porter, beard the cries and, running to
Diaz, were told fiat he had been robbed.
He said the thugs had gone up Kern
street, and the newspaper men took after
them. The two fugitives separated and
the reporters pursued one of them, follow
ing him for several blocks. They shot re
peatedly over his head, but he deigned
not to stop until the corner of Mariposa
and N streets was reached.
The newspaper men had gained on their
man and there he halted. As the pur
suers ran toward him, commanding him
to throw up his hands, the thug opened
fire on them. They immediately re
sponded with their pistols, and a brief but
lively battle resulted. * The thug and his
pursuers were all poor marksmen, as the
interchange of shots was over a distance
of only about fifteen feet. The culprit
turned and ran and the others followed,
firing at him as long as their ammunition
lasted. The fugitive then escaped up an
alley.
The shooting aroused the city, and it is
believed that this prevented any further
hold-ups during the night. Soon all tbe
officers were out scouring the country and
watching the trains. They bave arrested
several suspects. It is believed, however,
that the footpads have gone south.
Hedges Murderer Conrteted.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 22.— Joaquin
Fuentes, charged with the murder of Ber
nardino Contreras, and convicted of man
slaughter last night, will be sentenced to
morrow. The crime was committed in a
drunken brawl at Hedges, a mining camp
on the desert near Yuma, last August.
Bancroft's San Diego Venture.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 22.— Hubert
Howe Bancroft, tne historian, who re
turned to his home here yesterday after
an extended trip in the East, will shortly
begin the erection of an immense market
building in this city. .-;'.•_';.
34
WOULD DIVIDE
KERN COUNTY
Taxpayers Desire to Let
Randsburg Govern
Itself.
Foresee Bankruptcy Resulting
From the Punishment
of Crime.
Fiva Homicides Already Recorded on
the Records of the Superior
Court.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 22.— An un
usual condition cf affairs obtains in Kern
County. A large number of the leading
citizens are not only willing to have their
county severed in twain, but are really
jubilant at the prospect of such a division
and are ready to aid a bill in the State
Legislature with that end in view. This
position of the leading tax-payers of Kern
is in startling contrast to that heretofore
maintained by wealthy residents on the
question of county division. These peo
ple heretofore have invariably fought
county division tooth and nail- There is
a special reason for their change of atti
tude.
They want to cut loose from the new
mining country about Randsburg. They
see bankruptcy staring the county in the
face unless something can be done.
Randsburg is 125 miles from the county
seat, Bakersfield. and as the miners at the
desert camp are very troublesome, five
homicides having already occurred, the
expense bills are growing so fast tbat to
pay them means not a dollar for roads or
other improvements.
The fate of Trinity County is scaring the
Kern people. The Littlefield murder case
up nortb, witb the accompanying enor
mous expense for witnesses, processes,
etc., has left tbe mountain county not
only without a dollar in the treasury but
badly in debt. Either the same condition
of affairs or else a huge tax rate confronts
the Kern people, and that is why they are
praying for the Randsburgites to form
their own county.
An insurmountable obstacle is at pres
ent in the way, for the constitution pro
vides that no new county shall bo formed
with less than 5000 innabitants, and as
there are between .000 ai.d 4000 only on
the Rand the only way to make up the de
ficiency would be to include a large
quantity of farming land, with its settlers,
and these farmers the Kernites do not de
sire to lose. If the Randsburg boom
keeps up it will be all right two years from I
now to go ahead and create a new county,
but at present things will have to stay as
they are.
CHARGE CONSPIRACY TO DEFRAUD
Nephews and Nieces of ihe Late Mrs.
Concepcion A'antz Contest Her
Will.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 22.— What
promises to be one ofthe most sensational
will contests ever adjudicated in the courts
of this county was begun this forenoon
before Judge Clark of the Superior Court.
The litigation was instituted to permit
the probate of what purports to be the last
will of Mrs. Concepcion Alaniz, who died
in this city on July 11, 1896, leaving con
siderable real and personal property. The
estate is valued in the petition at $19,000,
but is claimed by the contestants to be
worth $30,000.
The offered will was filed for probate by
Mrs. A Concepcion W. Ue Rubio, who is
named as the executrix, though not a rela
tive of the deceased. By its provisions,
the entire estate is given to Mrs. Caye.ano
Alaniz de Casenave, a niece of deceased.
The contestants of the will are nephews
and nieces. They are Bernabe Lelong,
Juan Bantista Lelong, Victor Lelong,
Maria Louisa B-gue, Dorothea Alaniz
Pool, Mrs. Maria Nespion and Dolores
Romero. .S^S
At the time of Mrs. Aianiz's death she
was advanced in years. The contestants
assert that there was a conspiracy to de
fraud the old lady of her property, dating
back quite a number of years. They claim
that it was originally a conspiracy between
Mrs. Casenave and her husband, Pierre
Casenave. At that time they say the con
spiracy consisted of a successful attempt
on their pari to have Mrs. Alaniz deed her
property to Pierre Casenave, and that he
afterward deeJed it to bis wife. These
transfers were made the subject of a suit
in the Superior Court, brought against
Casenave and his wife before the old
lady's death, and the contestants set forth
the details of the trial of that suit, and
the judgment rendered by the court de
claring the deed void on the ground, of
fraud.
After this Pierre Casenave died, and the
contestants claim mat his widow and Mrs.
Rubio then formed a conspiracy to per
suade Mrs. Alaniz to make the will wbich
it is now sought to break. They charge
them with keeping Mrs. Alaniz under
their control, and allege that by various
arts they prejudiced her against her other
relatives so that she would not have any
thing to do with them.
The case will be tried before a jury, that
having been asked for and granted. It
took the entire lorenoon to empanel the
jury, and this afternoon the taking of
testimony was begun. There is quite an
array o> counsel in the case, and their fees
will make quite an inroad into the estate.
PLAINT OF SOCIETY WOMEN.
Friday Morning Club Decides to Banish
. Reporters From Its Social
Functions.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 22.— The
"vulgar society reporters" of this city re
ceived another dark eye at the hands of
their sisters of the Friday Morning Club
to-day. . Tbe discussion of this forenoon
was undoubtedly precipitated by the
action of several wealthy women residing
in tbe western part of the city, who re
cently formed a 1 ague to withhold all in
formation, about purely society functions
from the society reporters. These were
pronounced "unspeakably importunate,"
not to say "vulgar," and it was decided
by these good women to banish the whole
lot. /.
Mrs. P. C. Severance led the discussion
to-day, stating .that tbe publishing of
modern society events in the papers
should be 'suppressed; but sbe admitted
during tbe discussion which followed that
the proper mention of social events, the
character of the entertainment and names
of guests might be allowed, but that all
descriptions of dress, jewels,, decorations
and such minute details were highly dis
pleasing to tbe average society woman. •
Many of tbe ladies present spo&e in
favor of modified reports of events as be
ing proper and appreciated, but nearly all
agreed upon the vulgarity, of minute par
ticulars of dress, as is often published in
society columns of ibe newspapers. Mrs.
Severance stated that the fault lay not
with reporters alone, but with those in
social life who encouraged such vulgar de
scriptions.
Provint a Murderer Insane.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 22.—
testimony to-day in the trial of J. Barthel
man for the murder of bis wife was of a
nature mainly to prove the prisoner's in
sanity. A. C. Golsh testified that the de
fendant bad told him that his wife was
oversensitive and always complained be
cause she could not have the luxuries of
life. He al o stated that he expected Bar
tbelman to go crazy on the subject of his
wife and child. Medical testimony was
introduced at the afternoon session tend
ing to prove the theory of insanity.
Noted Cherokees Visit the Coast.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— The family
of Chief Mays, the famous Cherokee In
dian sachem, arrived here this morning.
The party consisted of Mrs. M. D. Mays,
wife of the chief; Miss Mary Mays, his
daughter; Miss 8. H. Mays, the chiefs
sister, and Mrs. R. M. Bryan. They left
immediately for San Diego, but will
shortly return. Chief Mays got his money
during the Cherokee apportionment, about
four years ago. He is worth over $250,000.
Suicide's Effect* to- Be Sold.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 22.— Judge
Clark to-day made an order directing the
Public Administrator to dispose of the
personal effects of the late J. F. Maguire,
consisting of a horse and certain jewelry.
Maguire was employed on the police force,
but became seriously entangled in several
liuisonsand chose suicide in preference to
flight. He waded into tbe water at West
Lake Perk one night about a year and a
haif ago and shot himself in the head.
Blind Man Brutally Beaten.
LOS ANGEi_.ES, Cal., Jan. 22.— William
Johnson, a blind negro, was assaulted this
afternoon by Gus Harris, another negro,
and beaten terribly on .the head with a
roc_. He is in a precarious condition.
They had trouble over a debt.
Harbor Commissioners Feted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 22.— The
Harbor Commissioners were tendered a
reception at the Chamber of Commerce
this afternoon. They have completed
their investigations here and will leave in
a lew days for San Francisco.
CANADIAN PRESS SCORED.
Bering- Sea Commission Denounces a
Dispatch Reflecting Upon the
American Counsel.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 22.— Before the
Bering Sea Claims Commission this morn
ing Counsel Peters took occasion to deny
a dispatch concerning the proceedings of
the commission, published in several
Eastern papers on the 13th inst, which
stated that "of late marked coldness ex
isted between the American and Cana
dian counsel." As far as members of the
commission were concerned, he said, no
explanation was needed, and be bore tes
timony to the fact that he had never been
engaged in any litigation wbere more
pleasant relations existed.
But this newspaper paragraph, be said,
might mislead people. It went on to
give as a reason for the supposed coldness
that a certain witness on behalf of Great
Britain had been drugged to prevent his
giving testimony in the limited time given
tbe British side for presenting a certain
class ot evidence.
Mr. Peters, on looking over the testi
mony, bad found that this witness had
given his evidence as far back as Decem
ber 22, and it was well that the public
should know that never, at any time, had
the counsel for Great Britain been limited
as to the time in which to put in their
evidence. He explained that he made
this statement without suggestion or con
sultation v-ith the United States counsel.
Mr. Dickinson made a polite acknowl
edgment of the British counsel's cour
tesy. Of course, be said, if such a state
ment as had appeared was published in
the United States, where tbe counsel were
known.it would be considered as abso
lutely lalse. The statement was quite im
material in so far as the United States
counsel were concerned.
Justice Ring, British Commissioner,
closed this little incident with a few re
marks from the bench. Like Mr. Peters,
he was surprised at tbe article published,
for it was not only fiction, but malicious
fiction.
He bore evidence of the pleasant rela
tions between the counsel for botb coun
tries, and said he never had seen any
where a better feeling existing in any case
on wbich he had been engaged. He was
very sorry that the statement had been
made in the newspapers, and he would
liked to have known who started the
rumor, so that it might bo seen whether
this court was able to reach him. He de
sired on behalf of the commission that
every pap' r in Canada which had pub
lished anything in reference to this rumor
correct it.
FLED FROM PHOENIX.
One of the City's Wealthiest Men Disap-
pears to Escape Prosecution
for Bigamy.
PHOENIX, Akiz., Jan. 22.— A1l Phoenix
is agog over the flight of E. Irvine, one of
the city's wealthiest and hitherto most
respected citizens, who departed nastily
to avoid prosecution for bigamy. He had
resided here for more than twenty years,
and had a wife and eight children. His
son, J. A. R. Irvine, by a former wife,
who is dead, is also a prominent business
man, and has a large family.
Six years ago a putative nephew, T. E.
Irvine, came from Canada and the three
organized the Irvine Company, stationers
and booksellers, of which T. E. Irvine has
been man ager. About a year ago the
latter's mother and sister followed him
and located here. It now transpires that
T. E. Irvine is a son of E. Irvine, instead
of a nephew, and that his mother was a
second wife wbom E. Irvine bad aban
doned twenty-seven years ago, and from
whom he bad never been divorced. The
relationship was kept a profound, secret
until to-day, as all wished to avoid a
scandal. ' . ; \
E. Irvine bad arranged with wife number
two to support her, and also deeded to her
100 lots in the Irvine Addition to Phoenix.
He failed to provide for her, and wben
pressed to keep bis word he borrowed
$3000 on. his property and fled about a
week ago. Owintr to the prominence of all.
concerned and the standing ol the fugi
tive, the news fell like a thunderbolt On
the people of Phoenix. Much sympathy
is felt for the victims of his rascality, ft
is not known how the affair will be settled,
but probably the courts will be called
upon to unravel the case.
E. Irvine * started for Santa Barbara
when he left, here, but it is believed he has
left the country without intending to re
turn. He is "imposed to have a fortune
estimated at $35,000 or $40,000. His first
wife will apply for a divorce at once.
Stockton's Epidemic of La Grippe.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 22.— epi
demic of la grippe is prevalent here now.
It is not only affecting the people of
Stockton, but is attacking the horses as
well. Several years ago la grippe was rag
ing among tbe citizens of this county and
carried away a number of tbe most prom
inent land-owners. Tbe present epidemic
does not seem to be serious, yet many peo
ple have been stricken with it and a num
ber are seriously ill. Stockton has the ad
vantage of being one of the healthiest and
best-sewered towns on the coast, and the
death rate here for years has been very
low. No deaths have yet been reported
from the epidemic.
Rotten Journalism _ * .
And journalists are diagnosed with candor
and dispatch in to-day's News Letter. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
DEADLOCKS IN
THREE STATES
Ninth Senatorial Ballot at
Olympia Shows No
Change-
In Utah the Struggle Is Now
Between Henderson and
Thatcher.
»
Idaho Legislators Fail in Attempts
to Name a Successor to
Dubois.
OLYMPIA, ash., Jan.22.— Three bal
lots for United States Senator were taken
to-day. Alter the eighth ballot Clark
Davis, ten days ago considered the
strongest Populist candidate, withdrew.
His support on the nintb ballot scattered
among other Populist candidates. Warner
(D.) who has been voting with the Popu
lists, made a strong Squire speech and
then in a sarcastic manner cast his vote
for Turner. It is expected that to-morrow
he will go to Squire, hoping to start a
stampede, but it will not work. Hodgdon
(Pop.) on this ballot cast his vote for a
gold Republican, which caused a sensa
tion, but on the next ballot be chanced
back to a Populist. Turner and Cline are
1 two strong men.
The ninth ballot resulted: Cline 17,
Daniels 18, Turner 24, Denny 26, Winsor
11, Squire 5, scattering 10. Little if any
change is expected to-morrow. The
Turner call for a caucus has not yet re
ceived fifty-seven names, though hard
work is being done along that line. The
Popuiistsjare afraid of it.
UTAH'S SENATORIAL COXIEST.
Henderson and Thatcher Have the Race
■ to Themselves.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 22. -The
Legislative vote for United States Senator
to-day was as follows: Thatcher (D.) 24,
Henderson (D.) 20, Rawlins (D.) 13, Con
gressman Allen (R.) 3, Lawrence (Pop.) 1,
scattering 2.
This shows a gain of three for Thatcher
and one for Henderson over yesterday's
vote. Three of the four Populists voted
for Thatcher and one of the Rawlins men
went over to Henderson. Rawlins is con
sidered practically out of the. race, ana his
withdrawal would be no surprise. It will
be a close race between Thatcher and
Henderson, with the possibility of a dead
lock and the prize going to a dark horse.
McCune, Bowers, Harris and Thurman
are most prominently mentioned in this
connection.
The Mormon church authorities are
making a bitter fight on Thatcher, and
the interesting point is that most of his
supporters in the Legislature are Mormons
who oppose church interference.
IDAHO'S DEADLOCK.
Populists Return to Claggett and Den.o-
erats Are Mullen.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 22.— The Populists
in the Legislature to-day switched back to
Claggett for United States Senator, the
baliott resulting as follows: Claggett
(Pop.) 27, Dubois (silver R.) 26, Nelson
(Pop.) 15, J-ewis (Pon.) 1, Parkinson 1.
Nelson received bis votes from the Dem
ocrats. It is predicted that to-morrow's
ballot will show a change in favor of Du
bois, upon the belief that the Claggett
men will not consent to the election -of
any other Populist, and on the announced
determination of the Democrats not to
join in the election of the Populist favor
ite. One of the Populist leaders says,
however, that a deadlock is on and there
is no telline when it will be broken, as be'
did not believe either Claegett or Dubois
could draw enough Democratic votes to
elect The Democrats are sullen and silent,
and if tbey have agreed upon any plan of
action they are keeping it to themselves.
In Nevada's Legislature.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 22.— The Nevada
Legislature this afternoon adjourned until
Monday morning. A bill was introduced
in the Assembly for tbe preservation of
fish in the waters of the State, which
makes the close season from October 1 to
April 1. !
SAN JOSE CYCLE RACES.
Two Hundred Spectators Witness Mediocre
Contests in Go-as-You- Please
Time.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— The Blue
Kibbon bicycle race meet was not a great
financial success. About 200 persons at
tended, and the racing was, in a majority
of the instances, in go-as-you-please time.
The amateurs supplied the only good
racing contests of ihe day. Several of the
heats in this class were hard ridden from
start to finish. The events resulted as
follows:
One mile, scratch, amateur, first heat-
Percy Mott won, Tony Delmas second, J. E.
Wing third, Leigh Coiner fourth. Time,
2:34 1-5.
Second heat— W. L. Francis won, I. L. Ryder
second, W. _. Bacon third, C. M. Smith fourth.
Time, 2:36.
Filial— M. Smith paced tbe contestants.
Mott won, Wing second, Frauds third. Time,
2:20 3-5.
Two-thirds of & mile, scratch, professional
class, first heat— C. 8. Wells won, Hardy Down
ing second, C. E. Dow third, A. M. Boyden
fourth. Downing set the race until the last
lap was reached, when Wells spurted and
passed him.
Second heat— Allen Jones won, Max Morris
second, W. A. TerriU third, D. E. Whitman
fourth. Time, 2:05 4-5.
Final, Jones won, Downing second and Wells
third.
Half-mile, exhibition, tandem, Kroetz and
Loos, of the Olympic Glub; Wheelmen. Time,
:57 2-5.
Two-thirds of a mile on high wheels, be
tween Gail Hardenbrook and Carlton Howie,
Harden brook won. : Time, 2:28.
Half-mile handicap, amateur— First heat:
Tony Delmas (15 yards) won, Leigh Coiner (50
yards) second, J. E. Wing (scratch) third, W.
F. Francis (60 yards) fourth. , . •. .
Second heat— CM. Smith (15 yards) won, L
L. Ryder (20 yards) second, Percy Mott
(scratch)* third, D. D. Baker (50 yards) fourth.
Final— (scratch) won, DelmHS (15 yards)
second, Smith (15 yards) third. Time, 1:05.
Otto Ziegler rode a hall-mile exhibition,
paced by R. E, Dow and A M. Boyden, in
:56 1-5. .
Mile handicap, professional class, between
W. A. TerriU (scratch), A. N. Jones (20 yard--),
D. E. Whitman (30 yards). Hardy Downing (15
yards) and C. S. Wells (25 yards). Downing
seemed bound to make the riders quicken their
pace in this event and shot ahead at good
speed. He was soon far in the lead, and when
two-thirds of the mile .had been ridden was a
naif lap in front of bis competitors. He slack
ened bis speed, bnt finished a sixteenth of a
mile ahead. Jones ; took • second place and
Wells third. Time, 2:25. .
VETERANS WILL DANCE.
Elaborate Preparations for the Orand
Army Posts' Bali.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— The ball to
be given by . the ; Grand : Army posts and
the ladies' auxiliary societies of this city
at the carnival pavilion on the evening of
March 4, in honor of the inauguration of
President-elect McKinley, will be a grand
success. This is assured by the interest
taken in the event by the citizens' com
mittee, which was recently appointed to
aid the old soldiers and their wives and
lady friends in the arrangements. .'
The Grand Army. and citizens' commit
tee met last evening and organized for
work. Dr. Thomas Kelley was elected
president, Adolph Greeninger vice-presi
dent, Henry Trapha.en secretary and A.
K. Whitton treasurer. Adolph Greenin
ger, W. G. Hawley, A. B. McNeil, James
Olmstead, Dr. Hailstone, D. J. Soper and
J. N. Rossich were selected as a commit
tee of arrangements. The lades of the
Relief Corps will serve the supper for the
occasion.
GYPSIES CAMPED NEAR SAN JOSE.
Numerous Thefts Charged Against the
Band and Two Members
Under Arrest.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— band of
gypsies encamp d on the Alum Rock
road, about a mile east of the city limits,
have been causing the police considerable
trouble during the past few weeks. The
female members of . the camp go from
bouse to house telling fortimes and selling
trinkets and after these visits many arti
cles of value have been missed. The men
stay around the camp gambling and trad
ing horses, and are supposed to have bad
a hand in a number of thefts which have
recently been reported.
Two of the women were up before Jus
tice Dwyer to-day. Charlotte Cooper,
who was arrested yesterday and pleaded
guilty to stealing a valuable pug dog from
A. W. Delamater, who resides on Roberts
street, was sentenced to pay a fine of $25
or serve twenty- five days in jail. She paid
the fine. Another gypsy woman, Mrs.
Josephine Sparrow, was arrested to-day
and arraigned on a charge of grand lar
ceny. ■ Sbe is accused of stealing a gold
breastpin, set with a ruby, from Miss
Biythe Murphy. On January 18 she en
tered the Murphy home to tell the young
lady's fortune, and during the temporary
absence of I be girl from the room she stole
the pin. Her examination on the charge
was set for Monday. Bail was fixed at
$300.
PLEADS ZELF-DEFEX&E.
Slayer of Vicenzo ■ Esebello Testifies in
His Own Behalf.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— defend
ant was put on the stand to-day in the
trial of Robina Grabiella for the murder
of Vicenzo Esebello. His plea was self
aefense. Grabiella . said be and Esebello
met at the residence of the Zauiarillos,
west of town, in the afternoon, and played
cards and drank wine together until about
7 o'clock, when they started for town.
He said Esebello renewed a quarrel they
had had nearly two years ago, during
which the defendant had been cut with a
razor on the face and arm, and threatened
to repeat the proceeding. The row at that
time i.ad resulted from Esebello grabbing
a purse of money from the defendant, but
when the officers were sent for he returned
tbe coin.
Grabiella said that after threatening to
cut him Esebello hit him in the face and
made a motion as if to draw a weapon
from his coat pocket. He then used bis
razor in self-defense. He admitted that
he could have got out of Esebello's way
had be tried.
Argument ln the case will commence
to-morrow. 'A "
Collided With a Hack.
SAN JOSE. Cai_, Jam 22. Carl Diehl,
a young German employed on a ranch on
the Milpitas road, collided with a hack
driven by William Hassetl on the Alameda
last evening, and was badly injured. He
was riding behind a streetcar, and as he
turned out to go ahead of the car he ran
into the nurses. He was knocked down
by the horses, and two of the wheels
passed diagonally over his body. His left
arm was broken near the shoulder and his
body badly bruised. The pole of tbe hack
was broken. Diehl was removed to tne
Receiving Hospital, where bis injuries
were dressed, and to-day he was taken to
the home of H. B! Scuulte, where he is
employed.
Accidentally Shot by His .Wife.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. .22.— Rudolph
Wilkes, who resides on Lucretia avenue,
near the Story road, was accidentally shot
in the arm with a 22-caliber rifle, by his
wife yesterday afternoon. ' Mrs. Wilkes
had accompanied her husband into the
yard to see him shoot a dog and was hold
ing the rifle when it was accidentally dis
charged. The ball entered theleft arm at
the elbow and ranged upward for a dis
tance of about four inches.
King's Accounts to Be Experted.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— final
account of A brain King, as guardian of
the estate -of Stephen Hobson, an in
competent, was referred to V. Bromley by
Judge Lotigan this morning for examina
tion. The accountant is - to make -his
report within thirty days. Mrs. Louise J.
Kruse, administratrix of Hobson's estate,
accused King of appropriating over $16,000
belonging to the estate.
Taken to Healdsburg. *
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— Benjamin
H. Barnes, who was arrested in this city
yesterday, on a charge of having v ronged
a young lady residing near Ukiah, was
taken to Healds to-day by Marshal J.
C. Ingalis of that place to answer to the
charge. Before leaving Barnes said the
wron^ would be righted.
VIRGINIA CITY MINE DISASTER.
Workman Caught Between a Shaft Cage
and the Wall Plate and Fatally
VIRGINIA", .Nev., Jan. 22.— A fatal ac
cident occurred in the Savage mine at 2
o'clock this afte\joon. Dennis Sullivan and
William Burns, who were employed in the
mine as sbaftsmen, were ascending to the
surface when one .of three planks , they
were carrying up on the cage caught in
the wall plate, and Burns was thrown
from the cage. He fell between the wall
plate and the cage and was frightfully
crushed.
The cape proceeded upward before Sul
livan had time to signal the engineer to
ntop, but Burns put out a hand and grasped
a rod on the bottom of the cage and hung
there, meanwhile cry ng to Sullivan to
null him up into the case. This the latter
finally succeeded in doing. Both men
were hoisted to the top, where medical
assistance was procured. Burns cannot
live until morning. '•;'"?.
KEEN INDICTUESTS QUASHED.
End of the Prosecution of County Clerk
Packard,
BAKERSFIELD. Cai., Jan. 22— The
last of the indictments against ex-County
Clerk N. R. Packard was wiped out of; ex-,
istence to-day by the Superior Court,
Judge Conley of Madera presiding. Those
that were not dismissed were settled: by
the verdict of the jury, which was arrived
at as quietly as the tweive men could
prepare their ballots. Expert Edgar
Moore, upon wbose alleged investigations
the indictments were found and who was
present in court, : having been brought
from Los, Angeles on a bench warrant,
was not placed on the stand in any of the
cases, notwithstanding that the : defense
insisted that he should be. It is reported
that he informed the District Attorney
that be (Moore) or some of his assistant
experts bad made a great mistake in find
ing the: alleged errors in. Mr. Packard's
accounts, upon which the indictments
were based.
The Grand Jury that returned these in
dictments was the one that cost Kern
County over $40,000. -
" Tickling In the throat." and , the convenient
Cough, can be almost Immediately allayed with
Dr. I). Jayne's Expectorant. V; t i c '.<
For Headache take Jsy.e'a Painless Sanative Pills.
WERE WEDDED
AS THEY RACED
Young Lovers of Monterey
Outwit an Enraged ,
Parent.
Escaped to Sea in a Rowhoat
With the I Youth's Father
in Hot Pursuit
Marriage Bans Pronounced Before
Their Craft Is Overtaken
by the Other.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. 22.— That the
romantic days of this old Spanish capital
are by no means over is evidenced by an
elopement just reported. Adel Sanchez
Jr., a young resident of Monterey, recently
became infatuated with 16-year-old Carrie
Hinkle and wanted to marry her. His
father opposed the match because of the
youth of the couple, his son being just
18, and sent young Sanchez to San Fran
cisco to be cured of his folly. Absence
s- fined to make no change in his affec
tions and on Wednesday last be returned
to Monterey without his father's knowl
edge, going to the home of -Miss Hinkle,
whose family was desirous that the mar
riage should take place. ,
Arrangements were immediately made
for the wedding and a boat for the couple, 1
the minister and the witnesses was pro
cured that the ceremony might be per
formed at sea to evade the law in regard
to parental consent. On Thursday morn
ing the girl was taken to a convenient
place on the beach between old and new
Monterey, and the boat on which were
the two brothers of the bride waited at
the Monterey wharf for the groom and
Rev. Mr. Snodgrass, who were to appear
at the last moment. In some way San
chez's father got wind of the affair and,
summoning a constable, he rushed down
to the wharf just in time to see tbe boat
containing his son move off. He jumped
into another boat to overtake them, but in
this also was too late, for the occupants of
the first boat, seeing themselves followed,
rowed rapidly to where the girl watted and
almost before she was fairly settled in the
boat it bad pushed off. Tie happy pair
were married by the time the furious
father and the constable reached tbem.
Salt Lake Murderer in Luck.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Jan. 22.— Tho exe
cution of Harry Hayes for murdering his
stepson did not take place to-day, for the
reason that the Board of Pardons com
muted bis sentence to life imprisonment
on tho theory that tbe evidence on which
he was convicted was not entirely conclu
sive of his guilt.
San Diegans Honor Jesse Grant.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. Grand
Army men are circulating a petition asking
Jesse R. Grant of this city, a son of the
late General' Grant, to become a candidate
for Mayor. Grant created a sensation last
fail by leaving the Republican party and
joining the Populists. The present move
ment is non-partisan. ."';riiv
HEAD ON FIRE
No one can think of a more serious calamity;
no one can realize its true tearfulness— -the
hair of a man burning. Very few men have
ever experienced- this, yet it is not much
worse than the silent, steady declining forces
in man. YOUNG MAN, if you are troubled
with vital losses; if you are troubled with ex-
hausting complaints, pimples, bashfulness,
aversion to society; stupidness, despondency,
loss of energy, los- of ambition _ 10-s of self-
confidence; if you find your manhood slipping
away from you, make an effort— just make a
feeble effort— and come to the Hudson Medical
Institute and consu' t with : the doctors wbo
have created the wondrom "HUDYAN." Tnis
"HUDYAN" cure Is positive. This is stated,
knowing there are hundreds and hundreds of
so-called cures. If you will 'walk with us
through our corresponding department, you
will find on .he shelves rows and rows of testi-
monials from suffering humanity, and these
letters come . from all parts oi trie United
States. From the little hamlets and big towns
and large cities, from New York, from Chi-
cago, from Petaluma, these testimonials tell a
grand tale. They tell a tale of relief and cure
oi men who deemed themselves Incurable.
'•HUDYAN" cures impotency, failing man-
hood, nervous debility, : lost manhood. Con-
sult the Hudson doctors concerning "HUD-
dAN," or if you live away from- the city write
for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS. ':'
30-DAY CURE. „X.°SS _i> _
on n-uniinr Cured of blood poison,
3 U-DAY CURE. evenil itisia ils ter-
tiary state. Success
30-DAYCURE.S":n
ft A null niinr stage, in the secondary
Oil UAY liUat. stß «° and in the ter-
«. • .. tiary stage. After this
3fl -H i_Y P I I R F period the day cure
UU UN I UU 11 ti is inoperative. It will
Oil nnV .Oil DC dono Bood. Locomo-
uU'Urtl uUilCi tar ataxia follows. If
■ you ; have just con-
-30-DA YCURE.^*"r^r
disorder you had bet-
Qn.nAV PIIR£ ter consult the Hudson
OU UMI uUIIC- doctors, or write for
tasm -mm.- -_---_-- their 30-day cure cir-
-30-DAY CURL_^^
Hudson Medical Institute,
;' Stockton, Market and i'liis Sts.
HUDSON DOCTORS GIVE ADVICE FREE
HJD3ON DOCTORS GIVE ADVICE FREE
hUO.ON DOCTORS GIVE ADVICE FREE
NEVER FAILS TO CURE!
Astonishing Record of the Great
Paine's Celery Compound.
""" --- ■ .'" "■ : - ■ • .
Paine's celery compound has never yet
failed to cure.
Where all other medical treatment has
failed to relieve Paine's celery compound
bas succeeded time and time again.
John W. Boyd of Mishawaka, Ind., says
of his own case:
••Last winter I was taken down with a
very severe attack of nervous and muscu-
lar rheumatism, so bad that I could not
lie down, sit up, or stand, without the
most excruciating pain. I was all the time
under the care of two of the best. physi-
cians of the place, but I did not improve.
I took different rheumatic cures and used
an electric battery a half hour eacn day
for ten days, without any relief.
"finally I concluded to try Paine's cel-
ery compound, and to my surprise after
using one-half of a' bottle I was able to
get out and vote on election day, and be-
fore I used the whole bottle I went to
work, and have worked every flay since.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Rainy Weather
...CAUSES...
Aches aod Pains
A Sure Preventive,
A Certain Relief
18 AFFORDED BY .
Dr. Martin's Pain Curer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
sffliicis¥«RTipJ
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market -it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS- 9:00, 11:00 a. St.'. __:_-,
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 P. St. Thursdays— Extra trie
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Kx tra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. «_
SUNDAY-— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. St.; 1:3% 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 P. __
'■' San Kafael to "*>»-i Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A -£,•
13:45, 8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— in ai
at 1 :65 r. St. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— Si U. 9:40, 11:10" a. St.; 1:40, 3:401
6:00, 6:25 P. St. *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parle same
schedule as above. . _-
t e * T _ *«,__: Arrive '
Ban Franclsca Oct? li Ban Franclsca
Wi„K I son- j... 1 ,^,*,-- Sr**- I Wksk"
Para I days, "egtination. _, AYa- j p A ya
7:30 a. 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am I 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, | 6:10 pm \ 10:26 am
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 6:22 est
FultOD,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:26 AH
.; \ Healdsburg,
l ytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36 pm 6:22 pm
fieta,
Hopland &
7:30 AM 8 :00 am l Ukiah. | 7:36 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am j j 10:26 am
8 .00 am Guerneviile. 7 :£6
8:30 PM • 6:22 pm
7:80 am p 8:00 am Sonoma 10.4.0 am | 8:40 AM
and
6:10 pm . 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 PM 6:22 PM |
7:80 aM|8:00 AMI gtaKju,.,.™. 110:40 AM 10:2*'AK j
8:30pm16:00pm1 01 - j 6:10 PU \ 6:22 PM
Staites connect " at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; a- Geyserville for *skae«s Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Fieta for Histnland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Hay and _,akf-port; as
Bopland for Lakeport and Bart ett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bin.
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck,
nells, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City,
Fort Braeg, Westport, Usal, Wlliets, ah to, Co-
veto, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ..
On sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond ban Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bundlnpj.
B. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "^feK
_■*_ • _*• _p?sJ_j»_">3-
-■m\-* 9 €ml^tTir f
_^-^^^^£^_i
IiAILKOAO B~^^^^^^^^
■ Trains leave aui _r.iv. at SjpS_|^Sr_S_|ip»_-
Murket Street Ferry. V__aUf^?^_aiß
SAXTA FE~EXPRESS. l^^^S
To Chicago via _-, & p.^^&?^§\JT lf%
Leaves da lya.6:jop. M.,carrvtne Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern L'p'iolstervd Tourist
tiieepingcars. which run dally throu ;h to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and St.
Louis. • ,
.Boston Kxcurslons, via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
1 esday. -
The best railway from California tc the East.
New rails, new ties; nodust: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey's dining-room-,
San Francisco Ticket Offlce, 644 .Market
St., Cbronicie t'uildlng.' Telephone Mala
1--.. Ouklaud, Ills road way. '*' ..
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferey).';e-;;:iXv
msaSan Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1891
WEEKDAY*
Far MIU Valley and San Bafael— «7 r2s, • "*9tl!_
. 11:00 A. M. •1:45.-8:45, *6:16. *5:46, 6:30 P.i*
Extra trips tor Ban Rafael on Mondays, . Wedasa
days and Saturdays at 11:80 p. M. .-.
; SUNDAYS.- . -
For Mill Valley and 'San Rafael— *B-,00, •10:01
•11:30 a. St.: n:.©, 3:00, »4:30, 6:16». M.
Trains marked * run to san Quentin./'
'...',...- THROUGH TRAINS- ,
ForPolßt Reyes and way stations— 7t2B a. _. '
Weekdays, 8 -00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 it m. aatua
days. ..-•*■-_' -'-..- ■ --i. ■.>;-■-•;.---. t ..... ...
.Oc Casadero and way stations— 7 ;26 a. a, — -»->
fi»i 1-46 r. M. *>»turda. ».
I have (rained 20 pounds in Weight and am
feeling first rate.
•'My wife has also been taking it for ner-
vousness, and thinks that there ia nothing
like it. We both recommend it to all of
our acquaintances, and you are at liberty
to use this letter "as you see fit, for it truly
worked wonders in my case."
And Paine's celery compound is work-
ing justsuch wonders in every state, coun-
ty, city.and village of the country to-day.
The reader must know, some one who
has tried it, - Ask that person if he or she
was not at once benefited !
Don't let a dealer palm off anything else
on you, however; for there is as much dif-
ference between Paine's celery compound
and all the ordinary sarsa pari! las, tonics,
nervines and compounds as there is . be-
tween an eiectric motor and a boy's wind-
mill. ■-.■■'. ..-'■ .'•;:" :
There is power to cure in Paine's celery
COmOOUnd. *^-, v'v!-;,} i ••!;*,, ; - . .
RAILROAD TRAVEU . '
»oiiiiik> racnric : cojifaht.
(pacific BV.TKM.)
Trains l-sir »uil a%r« due to nrrlve »i
HAN IItAMIMO.
LEAVE — From Jaxpary 1. 1897. •— ARBJTI
•e:0«A Nites, fJan Jose and Way Stations... ->»4"U
?:<»Oa Atlantic Impress, llg.len and l"a».t.. 8«4B--
-7:0Wa _>enici3, Vacaville, Ilums.-y. Sacra-
mento. OrovUla and Redding via
DatU..... 6:43.
7: 30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6*l3**
. R:3oa "S'ili-8, .Sau Jose, Stock tou, lone,
. Sacramento, Marysrille, Chico,
"'■■• Tehama and Red Blurt ........ -Jitlßp
•B: 3©a Peters aud Miltou "T-lSir
-. 9:OOa Navr Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for.. .
v./ •;:.**';." Yosamitc), ' l'resuo, Bakerslleld,
hiintti i:_rliara, l.os Angeles, Dem-
lug, El l'aso. New Orleans and
East *. 4t4r*»
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4*»p
»:00a Vallejo 6:131>
• , Kilus, Sau Jose, Liver more and'
Stockton 7:13--
. •I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers..../.... "0:001-
-l:O0- Niles, San Jose and 1 ivermore 8:45 a
1 1 -Iter Port Costa and Way Stations t^-ia*-
l:(i»i' Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
; -,- Napa, • i isi.. ga, El Verano and
Simla Rosa 9il3a
4:90p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland
"•l£t.!i»- Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville aud Suciainen'o 11:13 a
4i3«_. Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles, ,
returning ri_ Martinez 11:43*
s:OOpLos Angelas Express. Tracy,
;:.- Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles '. 10:434
SiOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavu and East 10:4."* a
6:OUp Mail, Ogilen and East.... 0:43*
fi:OOp H;ij«ar.l«, .Silt-sum* Sau Jose 7i43a
*7:00.. VaUejo ; *7:43»
7iOUp Oregon Kx preen, .Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding. Portland, Puget •
Sound and Cast... 11:13*
«flO:06r "Sunset I.imit.d." Fresno, Los
Angeles. Bl Pas >, New Orleans - •'
and b*Mt : __*_*££
S ANT A CKI'Z l>lVl>ION (.Narrow «.auge>.
"•:I.la Ne-Tark,('enturTiU>-,Hiiii. lose. Felton, -
- Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3*369
*3:15p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almr.di.-n. Felton, Boulder Creek, '
Santa Cm- and Principal Way - :t*-v_-;''
Stat i. 'lis «lli-Oa
4:13r Newark. Sin .lose and l.ns I'atos ... 9:30 a
t11:4.*-p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 1?;20»
COAST HI VISION (lliiril A Towns I Mh.) "
0:4 Sau .lose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) I*3o**
. 8:13 a San .lose, Tm_ J'inus, Saiit:i Crux,
Pacirlo Crore. Paso Rabies, San
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
■ - Principal Way 5tati0n5 .......... 7>o6p
10:40 a Sau Jose mid \Vuy Stations "t:')Op
11:30 a Palo Alto and May Stations 3:30*
*S*:3op San Mateo, Mcnio Park, Han Jose,
Cilroy, Ires Pinos, Santa Cm.,
' Salinas.Monterey and PaciUcGrove *IO:40A
•:t:»Op San Jose and Way Stations 9:43 a
•4 :30p Sau Je-8 and Way Stations.. *Bio3a
3:30 1- S» ..'two an.l Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
G:"tOp San Jose and Way Stations... fiill.l..
jlltWr Han Jose ami Wav Stations 17:43j
NA.N IiKA.NtUtO A.NI* lIWUARUs 1.un1,,
**6:OOa* * : '■ ~~~? 7:1 si
8:OOa 1 r»:43a
I6.M_ Melrose, Seminary Park, -'\VMk
"JI-Up Fltchburg , Sau Leaudro . »« :« J
3-»<»p /;•■•'..' and v - ' \ *'*
4:00p *""* I 3:43p
5:OOr I HaT-Tards. > •*••"*?
3-30P -xajwar-is. 7j4 _
7:(»Op Bj43i
8:OOp . _  - .. ____. 9:43p
9:ooi> ' Rnns through to Nllee. Ioi3op
ttll:13r; * From Ntlca - l ft*g»OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIS . EISCISCO— root of Market Strati (Slip 8)-.
*7:15 '.': 0 11:00 a.m. {1:90 •2:00 t3:00
•4:00 . ,t5:00 *6:03 p.m.
rrom 01KL1KD— Foot of Broadwsj.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *1:00 12:09 *3:CO ti'o9
# 5:00r.M. '_ •• * i ;'.'.;-:
. A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. -»•_-., \ Saturdays only.
{ Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. *
•JTuei days and Saturdays. {Sundays and Thursdays.
THE SJI .FR.UGISCO AID SAS J.AQDU
--- VALLEY RAILWU COffIPAH.
"PROM JANUAKY 1, 1897. passenger train.
« *"' daily, excepting Sunday: .. -•
Boutnbound. stations. Northbound.
- V.!*- "*••••— .... 5t0ckt0n. ........ 5:40*. St.
9:49 a. 5t........... Merced 8:14 » M. ■
11:60 a si. Fresno 1:10 p. it,
• - For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the a N. & L Co.
leave Ban irancisco at 6 p. St. dally, excepting
Saturday, __ Stockton at 6 ■ St. dally, excepting
bnnday. -
PPT TMALPAIS.
WEKK ; AYS- leaves. F. 9:1 i Sa. it 1:45* *.
_».^ etorn,n B— Arrive 8. f. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p' __
BLNDAYS— Leave &F.Ba. - 1 1 a. m. 1:8. £
Arrive H.F.1 :15 p. m.4:20 **.*_. 7:36 *__
lickets for sale In Mill Valley or . . .
... - THO-. COOK * ONs< * 6-1 Market su, S. F.
-1-1 Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Kal. way.
***— —^ _— M— —^ mm.
m^'___f_l____eam " i 1* ' 3 » -on-pois^nous
<_jHP ia^yi 5, c , mcd y„ "* Gonorrhoea!
AWmmTV CU E*-^-B Gleet, Spermatorrhea.
____\\W\W In l to id»y..\H Whites, unnatural dis-
Iff Gn_r»nt«4 V charges, or any inflamma-
«_■»■ n" « •tri.t.re. tion, irritation or ulcera-
>— JPrsvenu coQ-igion. tion of mucous mem-
l"a"al CHEMICUCO. "ane*. -Jon-astringent.
uAciNCINNATI.O I Sold by **r*-_rg.atc,
we§^_ V. a. a. __&8 ° Bent in Plain wr-pper,
•^rafe_S^»°B j. , .- 00 -, or 3 bottles. :.*3.7V •
'^81-Kv^l Ji*°°', or 3 Utiles. 3-75
'^•IHvft' 11 Circular sent or. -- *-_|_fc'A MOUTH AS
A CAMERA
Now a Man Can Have a
. Bold Silhouette of His
Toothache.
DENTISTRY AND THE
NEW X-RAY.
Put the Photographic Plate In
side of You and Keep Still
While the Tube Sizzles.
MOST KEMAEKABLE RESULT OF
SCIENCE.
Rorntgen Ray to Be Applied to the
Dentists' Art by a Novel
Method of Operation.
A man's m nth was used for a camera
yesterday in Professor Van der Naillen's
X-ray laboratory and the results were
rather striking pictures, which illustrate
the very latest use of the new-found
wonder. *
It was the first time that photographic
plates had ever been put inside a man to |
get an inside view of his inner parts, but j
this will doubtless soon come to be a •
common thing and the new experiment j
will be repeated with much interest and
with remarkable results.
The experiments were directed to the I
A . Radiograph Taken From the
Inside of the Mouth, Showing;
Molar Teeth and Portions of
. the Jaws.
use of the X ray in dentistry. The doctors
of dental science have hardly began the
use of the X ray yet, though many of the
progressive dentists are taking a very keen i
speculative interest in the matter and
before long it wili likely become a usual
thing for a patient with an aching and
swollen jaw to sit for a view of his ache
before the dentist goes to work.
Some efforts had already been made
here to get radiographs or "skiographs,"
as tbey are coming to be termed, of the
teeth and jaws, but they were taken
through the entire face at various angles,
the Crookes tube and tbe photographic
plates being on opposite sides of the head.
By this method one jaw naturally inter
fered with another, and Professor R. Leo
Van der Naillen conceived the plan of
putting the plates inside the mouth and
sending the rays to them through a single
cheek and jaw.
It isn't much of a photographic plate
that a man can stick in bis mouth, and as
plates have never been cut to fit the hu
man mouth used as a camera, size and
shape had to wait on experience. How
ever, glass photographic plates about an
Inch and a half long were cut in a dark
room, in varied sizes and shapes, and
then wrapped in black paper to protect
them from the light. They were then |
wrapped in oiled paper to protect them
against the moisture of the mouth, the
payer constituting a plate - holder im
pervious to light but transparent to the
X rays.
. Thus prepared a plate was set on edge
next to the molars of a large-mouthed
student, the plate standing on the floor of
the mouth against the tongue with the film
side of the plate toward the cheek. Then
a Crookes tube was set going within three
inches of the cheek, the hoad being braced
to stillness by a box on the table. An
exposure of but a minute and a quarter
served to fix on the plate a vivid and clear
shadowgraph of the back teeth and jaw.'
One upper molar bad oeen extracted and
tbe opposite lower molar had been broken
off just below the gum. The gums, trans
parent to the rays, like the cheek showed
faintly about the jaw bones, and the roots
of the teeth even with this quick exposure
showed faintly through the less dense
bone of the jaws. This plate was princi
pally interesting in that it was a view of a
man's back teeth from the inside of his
mouth when it was shut, a point of view
from which a man never saw his teeth
bfore. It was like looking out from a
cavern.
By changing the angle of view the roots
of the teeth were better presented to the
plate, and with a longer exposure they
were quite clearly outlined through tbe
jawbone. Aside from the buried root tbe
only result of pathological interest was a
revelation of necrosis of the bone in the
upper jaw. The experiments showed that
the X ray is peculiarly adapted to den
tistry, and that by the method of putting
the photographic plates inside the mouth
perfect radiographs of the teeth and jaws
may be obtained. An advance on tbe use
of little glass plates was quickly made oy
substituting a piece of roller film, cut to
the size of apiece of flexible cardboard,
which could be bent and yet give the
necessary rigidity.
This ingenious plan suggests that a
piece of film can be inserted into the
.throat and even into the stomach, and if
•the right position behind a diseased spot
can be secured and the rays turned on
from the outside a clear view of a tumor,
of .a solid object in tbe windpipe, etc., can
• be obtained.
Dr. C. W. , Decker and Dr. Russell H.
Cool are among the dentists who are
taking a lively theoretical interest in the
application of tbe X ray to dentistry.
Dr. Philip Mills Jones recently stimulated
this interest by a lecture on the subject
before the Stomatological Club. So far the
X ray has been tried but once in actual
practice here, * and that case was a very
interesting one, occurring three weeks
ago. A child bad suffered from neuralgiac
pains which no physician or dentist could
explain or relieve, and the sight and hear
ing became affected. Dr. Philip Mills
Jones made an X-ray examination, and
the photographic plate at once revealed
an abnormal buried wisdom tooth which
could not have been discovered in any
other way. It was pressing upon a nerve
and recovery quickly followed the prompt
extraction.
Dr. Cool believes that the X ray will be
come invaluable to dentists and he will
experiment with its use himself. "It will
undoubtedly reveal diseased conditions of
the teeth and bones," he said yesterday,
"and, in cases, ulcerations at the roots
might be shown. In other cases it would
be valuable in showine buried roots and
the form and position of roots. Ii will
undoubtedly become of great value to the
dentist." - ■ *' : ; Vy;
FRESHMAN SuCIAL BROKEN UP.
Disgraceful Conduct of Illinois University
Sophomores — A Young Lady Is
Seriously Injured.
CHAMPAIGN, 111., Jan. 22.— fresh
man class of the Illinois University at
tempted to hold its social in Uroana Inst
night, and, as is the usual custom, tbe
mem bers of the sophomore class attempted
to break it up. They succeeded fairly
well, and at 10 o'clock but few of the
freshmen remained in the hall.
A band of more than 300 sophomores
charged on the hall, but were driven
back by tne police. They then found
their way into a building across the alley
and threw malodorous chemicals through
the windows. The chemicals were too
much for the freshmtn and they were
compelled to leave tbe hall. They re
treated to a room in the same building
and were all massed in tbere at 10 o'clock.
Some of the chemicals thrown struck
the eyes of Miss Delia Radebaugh of tbis
city and she was carried to the office of
Dr. Bartbolew, suffering greatly. The
physician said tbat her eyes were seriously
injured. He feared tlat sbe might lose
them. She was accompanied by K. M.
Thompson, a freshman, and he aiso got a
good amount of tbe chemicals, but none
of the fluid struck his eyes. One sopho
more was arrested. His name could not
be learned.
BUENA VISTA AS
A PICNIC RESORT
A Beautiful Sonoma Coun
try Seat May Be So
Transformed.
The Railroad Company -aid to
Be Bargaining With the
Johnson Estate
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Pacific Railroad, it seems, is in a fair way
to carry out its aim of establishing a sum
mer Sunday and every-day picnic resort
at, or quite close to, the city of Sonoma.
The latest news from that wine center is
that while President Foster of the railroad
is ostensibly after the Vallejo place for
such a resort he bas another, a longer and
a handsomer iron in the fire. B^l
The other place, in respect to which the
railroad is said to have serious intentions
is Buena Vista Park, a beautiful country
seat less than two miles from Sonoma.
There is a station at Buena Vista Park,
and the people of Sonoma do not object
to tbe location as they do to a location
at Sonoma and the Sunday crowds which
they fear would overrun the town. But
there is considerable sentiment in the
valley and in Sonoma in regard to Buena
Vista. The park is famed the valley
through for its beauty, and they would
not like to see the public turned loose
in it.
Buena Vista Park is one of the hand
somest in California. The park proper
comprises about twenty-seven acres, and
is laid out in the same elaborate style as
Golden Gate Park, though on a smaller
scale. It belongs to the estate of the late
Mrs. Kate Johnson, a very wealthy
woman who died about two years ago.
Benjamin Bangs is the executor of the
estate. He could not be seen yesterday,
a" he is out of town.
In the interview with him last Thurs
day concerning the Vallejo place Presi
dent Foster of the railroad company said
nothing about any desire on the part of
the company to get control of Buena Vista
Park, but notwithstanding tne lack of
official information Sonomans assert that
a "dicKer" is on.
Buena Vista Park lies back of the foot
hills. Some of it is level and the other
sections have gentle slopes. It has a fine
large residence upon it, built in the
French chateau style, with balconies and
minarets.
The grounds are large, the fountains
plentiful and the flora is the most varie
gated in the valley. Babbling brooks run
through the grounds. The little water
courses are spanned hy rustic bridges of
unique pattern, and the elusive and sus
picious trout is said to lie back in the
shadows awaiting the unsuspecting fly.
Buena Vista Park has everything neces
sary for a summer resort. The fine resi
dence could be easily converted into a
casino, and there are shady nooks and
corners enough for numberless picnic
parties. Rustic seats ornament the sward
at the sides of the walks and drives.
The late Mrs. Kate Johnson lived at
Buena Vista a number of years before her
death. The bouse is said to have cost
$80,000. Mrs. Johnson was somewhat ec
centric. For every thousand dollars she
put into the house she had a pet cat.
These eighty cats comprised the highest
stages of feline evolution. Evory known
species of domestic cat that ever laid un
der tbe kitchen stove or humped its back:
in the moonlight on fence or roof, a tar
get for bootjacks and "any old thing"
that could be used for a missile, was rep
resented in the menagerie, from the
stately angora to the common little kitten
lhat bad wandered mewing that way, be
cause it "bad no other place to go."
The story goes that Mrs. Johnson be
queathed $25,000 to Miss Helen Sbellard,
an intimate .riend, on condition that 'she
kept the cats during their natural life.
Miss Shellard lives in San Fran cis-co and
the number of cats that may be seen bask
ing in tne sun at her residence is evidence
tbat she is still faithful to the trust. \
Much romance is connected with several
of the possessions of Mrs. Johnson. She
also owned and occupied at times in this
City a fine residence on Post .street. In
this residence was a fin. picture from
Tennyson's "Elaine." painted by Toby
Rosenthal, a noted artist.
For this picture Mrs. Johnson is said to
have paid $50,000. The house was entered
by a burgiar one night, and the visitor,
possessing an eve for the artistic and beau
| tiful even in the light of a bullseye lan
tern, cut the costly canvas from the frame
and made away with it. The whole police
force of the State was put on this bur
glary, nnd it was finally traced to one
William Wallace, as' distinguished in
criminal history as a burglar as Rosenthal
was noted in art.
• » -
The Critic
Of the News Letter printa some timely
candor in to-day's issue. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
WATT WOULD MOVE
THREE CHURCHES
The Suggestion Disturbs
the Church Extension
Society.
Central, Simpson and the First
M E. Buildings Under
Discussion.
After a Heated Debate tbe Matter Is
Referred to the Business
Meeting.
Rolla V. Watt made some suggestions
to the San Francisco Church Extension
Society last evening and unconsciously
exploded a bomb, as it were, in tbe peace
ful meeting. The society was holding its
tenth annual tea meeting at Grace Metho
dist Episcopal Church, Twenty-first and
Capp streets, and the evening was draw
ing to a happy close when Mr. Watt sug
gested a scheme for moving some of the
principal churches westward. So there
was trouble, of course, though like a mere
lamily dispute it passed with laughter.
Mr. Watt was on the programme for a
homily or "prophecy," to which was writ
ten the text, "Commit thy way unto the
Lord. Trust also in him and be shall
bring it to pass," to which was appended
"Encouraging Words" and x "The Future."
In the propecy he told how the City was
trending westward, and added that the
churches would have to accompany the
people. . He proposed that Simpson Meth-
odist Episcopal Church move out to tbe
park panhandle, wbere tbe society has a
valuable lot.
Simpson Church, he remarked, bad
outlived its usefulness; its membership
was not increasing, and the congregation
was moving away from it. In .short, it
was no longer progressive and aggressive.
Wi. h that church out by Golden Gate
Park Central M. E. Church should move
to Van Ness avenue, where it could con
tinue its work, as Simpson Church would
near the Panhandle, with renewed vigor
and success. The First Methodist Church
should move westward "over the hill,"
which meant Van Ness avenue, or some
place in the Western Addition toward
Pacific Heights, and a mission house
could be retained on Powell street.
Some time elapsed until an opportunity
presented; itself for discussion of these
suggestions. It came near the close of
the meeting. Robert McElroy of Simp
son Church told the meeting he was in
favor of leaving Simpson Church where it
is and raising $15,000 to pay the $10,000
debt on California-street Church and
other works of the Church Extension So
ciety. But he opposed moving to Ash
bury and Oak streets.
A. Sbedd of the same churcn took Watt
to task.
"The intimation that our church has
outlived its usefulness," said he, witb a
tinge of acrimony and strong feeling in
his voice, "is a reflection on our pastor."
He was interrupted by an outburst of
"Oh" and "No.no,'' from the assemblage.
"That is not tbe question before the
house," said I. J. Truman, the chairman,
"but whether this proposition be taken
up at tbe next business meeting of the
Extension Society." ,
"1 propose to have mv say," retorted
Shedu.
"If Simpson Church is not willing to
argue the case," Mr. Watt exclaimed,
while his face beamed with good nature
and smiles for Mr. Shedd, "then it is evi
dent it bas a very weak one."
Rev. W. 8. Urmy, pastor of the First M.
E. Church, lent his voice with much
fervor to the discussion. - "The old mother
church on Powell street is there to stay,"
he said, "as long as 1 am its pastor.
There is a very fine prospect of good work
there and a probability tbat in a few
mouths the congregation will be doubled,
lean see no reason why we should not
stand our ground and be a flourishing
Methodist church for 100 years to come."
- Captain Goodall of Simpson Church
..arose to state his views, which he did with
more earnestness than his humorous
words indicated.
"I am opposed to Simpson Church mov
ing to the Panhandle," he said. "Central
Church can go to Van Ness avenue or tbe
Panhandle, for that matter, if he wants
it. If Brother Watt will send his crowd
out to the Panhandle we'll pledge our
selves to put up double-decker galleries
around our church and fill them, too.
And," lookin; very hard at Watt, "you
can take your old lookery out on wheels
as soon as you like."
This sally evoked laughter and ap
plause, and Dr. Dille was on his feet in
stantly.
"We are quite ready to go on wheels,"
he said.
"And if you move on Van Ness avenue
we are ready to go with you," added
Watt.
A vote was taken on the question to
refer and the motion was carried unani
mously. Shedd alone voting no.
The church parlors were thrown into a
-series of apartments for the meeting.
Tables were spread for supper and deco
rated tike the walls with garlands and
flowers.
Early in the evening the Ladies' Aid
Societies held a very pleasant reception
for an hour, and the Rev. John Coyle,
D.D., presiding elder of the San Francisco
district, led devotional : exercises.
Bishop J. P. Newman pronounced a
prayer. Then tea, or supper, was ssrved,
and a great variety of subjects were dis
cussed informally over the teacups. Mrs.
B. F. McNab, president of the Grace M.
E. Church Ladies, Aid Society, delivered
an address of welcome, to wbich the Rev.
F.Jewell of Trinity M. E. Church re
sponded.
After a hymn was sung annual reports
were read by Captain Charles Goodall,
president; C. A. Maydwell, secretary; F. L.
Turpin, treasurer, and Rev. J. Stephens of
Simpson Church for the committee on
nominations. The following officers were
elected for the ensuing year :
Honorary president, Hon. Charles Goodall;
honorary vice-presidents— Rev. Bishop J. P.
Newman. D.D., LL.D., Rev. John Coyle, D.D. ;
president, I. J. Truman; vice-presidents—Wil
liam Abbott, R. V.^Wait, C. B. Perkins, J. W.
Whiting; treasurer, Joseph H. Robinson; sec
retary, Charles A. MaydwelL
Board of managers, above officers and the
following persons ßev. K. R. Date, Rev. F. F.
Jewell. Rev. John Stephens, Rev. F. K. Baker.
Rev. M. C. Han is. Rev. J. N. Board, Rev. W.W.
Case, Rev. F. J. Masters, Rev. W.S. Urmy, Rev.
J. D. Hammond, Rev.W. S. Matthew, Rev. J.W.
Phelps, Rev. George R. Stanley, Rev. C. A. An
derson, Key. D. W. Chiisou, Robert McElroy,
V. W. Strange, C. S. Holmes, Robert
I. Hancock, A. Hinds, John Willis.
N. Anderson, C. O. Burton, Donala Currie, W.
H. Wiester, A. Wiestrand, H. C. Jones, Charles
Jones, James Ren wick, Annis Merrlli, D. Saun.
derson, William F. Gibson, J.W. Wetmore. J.
H. Soper, J. B. Emmal, W. R. Myers, JobStnv
enton, H. O. Steams, R. McLollan, Thomas
Hodge, John Curry, S. H. linker, E. E. Kelly,
T. W. Nowlin, W. R. Hewett, W. Frank Gibson,
W. P. Higglnbotham, A. . Nelson, - James B.
Robinson, Thomas Johns,' F. L. Turpln, E. E.
Keutfleld, J. H. Whittington, R. Pengelly, Ed
gar Briges, J. H. Northom, Robert Jeff-ess, H.
Williams, John S. Barnes, Nelson J. Bird, J. C.
Owen, E. E. Ewing, John Dyar, Samuel Fear,
S. Broadbe.it. __Bpti___9Ei_-___fi-B-_!
' The president's report showed that there
were thirteen churches and, besides, two.
vacant los in the City owned by the so
ciety. The average Sunday-school attend
ance was 2150, average congregations 2600,
camber, of members and - probationers
3004. As much as $30,430 23 was paid dur
ing the year for help of churches, and an
indebtedness remained of $38,100.
William Abbott read a paper on the his
tory of the Church Extension Society in
San Francisco. Charles B. Perkins spoke
on what the society|has done and Rolla V.
Watt appeared next and made the meet
ing lively. There was more music and
Bishop Newman delivered -. an eloquent
address.
The Bishop named prominent laymen
in v several cities of the United States, and
added that Captain Goodall's ought to be
on the list in San Francisco. . He spoke of
the possibilities of 'he Epworth League,
and it gladdened his heart to see them
take the old people'- places.
"Snap shots" were indulged in by Dr.
Dille, W. F. Gibson, Rev. J. D. Ham
mond, Mrs.* L. P. Williams, Bishop New
man, Robert McElroy, J. W. Whiting,
Captain A. Nelson, Rev. J. N. Beard and
Presiding Elder John Coy le,'- and they
were conducted by Rev. W. \V. Case. The
meeting came to a close with benediction
ny Rev. J. W. Phelps.
GAINS AND LOSES A FORTUNE.
An Uncle's Housekeeper aud Her Chil-
dren Step in to Dispossess a
; Former San Franciscan.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— 1t was no
bitter disappointment that caused this
Charles F. to change his surname of
Funkenstein to Gall. That was only one
step toward acquiring a fortune. Now
the fortune has slipped from his grasp,
but bis name is still Gall. The fortune
was left by Joseph Gall, uncle of Charles,
who for many years carried on business
as an optician in Union Square. He died
in May, 1886, leaving property worth
$150,000.
A jury in the Supreme Court before
Judge Barnard is asked to determine
whether Charles is entitled to $40,000 for
four years' devotion to his uncle and his
business.
Charles Gall, or Funkenstein, lived with
his parents in San Francisco, until 1882,
where be was the passenger agent of the
South Pacific Coast Railroad. His uncle
Joseph was childless and advanced in
years, and often requested hi. nephew to
come to this city and look after his
business. The nephew finally consented
as his unc.e represented that he would
never regret the step and that he would
be handsomely provided for ln his will.
Young Funkenstein came to this city
in 1882, went into his uncle's business and
remained with him until the uncle's
death. The nephew at his uncle's sug
gestion had his name changed by a de
cree of the Court of Common Pleas to
Charles F. Gall. This pleased his uncle
to such an extent that he repeatedly told
his nephew that he was the only heir and
would come into possession of all his prop
erty on his death.
When Gall died a will was found which
left practically all of his fortune to his
nephew, witn tne exception of about
$6000 to other nephews and nieces. As
soon as these documents were presented
for probate Mrs. Amelia Stieb, who for
some years dad been a domestic in the
employ of the old gentleman, interposed
an objection to the probate of the papers,
dcclann. that she was the common law
wife of Gall and that he was the father of
her two children. She was successful in
her suit, the will was rejected and she
came into possession oi the bulk of
Joseph Gall's property, to the exclusion
of the favorite nephew. Gall is now seek
ing to establish his claim for services
rendered to his uncle for the four years
that he had control of his business, the
intention of his uncle with reference to
the disposition of his property having
been defeated by the legal complications
brought about by Mrs. Stieb.
The deposition of Miss Rebecca Funken
stein. a sister of the nephew, taken in
San Francisco, was read to the jury. The
testimony of the woman was in substance
that her uncle had told, her that he in
tended tbat Charles should be his heir,
as be bad been a son to him, devoted and
kind, and bad taken care of him as no
one had ever cared for him before.
While on a visit to this city her uncle,
she stated, told her that Charles would
be looked out for, would get all his prop
erty, and tbat the amount would be large
enough to pay him for all that had done.
BIGAMIST HOWE PARDONED.
A Star in His Profession, Having Wives
in Stany Citie-.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 22.—Gov
ernor Leedv has pardoned H. C. Wil
moth, alias Howe, alias Howart, who was
serving a ten months' sentence for big
amy. Wilmoth was arrested on the
charge at Terra Haute, Ind., where he
was about to marry a wealthy young
woman of that city. His arrest was
brought about by Miss Bella Buell of
Effingham, 111., to whom he was also
married.
His trial developed evidence which
placed him in the frout rank of bigamists,
it being shown that he had wives in Cin
cinnati. Minneapolis, Cbica o, Denver,
Terra Haute, St. Joseph, Mo., Zanesv l.c,
Ohio, Fresno, : Cal., Effingham, 111.,
Seneca, Kans., and Kansas Ciiy.
His remarkable marital career covered
a period of eight years, during which
time he served a time in the Missouri
penitentiary for one of his crimes. He
was sentenced to the Kansas penitentiary
a year ago on his Seneca experience, it
being deemed best to give him bis deserts
here before other cities got a chance at
him.
JOT IN THE HOUSE OF DOT.
lhe San Prancisco Mtdget's Wife Gives
Birth to a Son.
WHITE PLAINS, N. V., Jan. 22.—Ad
miral Dot is a happy man. His wi.e gave
birth yesterday to -a ' son. 1 The baby
weighs seven pounds. This is the second
child. The other, a girl, is 3 years old.
Both parents are m dgets. .
Admiral Dot, whose real ; name Is Leo
pold Kahn, is'sß>_ inches in height. Mrs.
Kahn was Lotti* Swartwood, she is 49
inches in height. • The couple were mar
ried in Victoria s *. Hall, Lexington avenue,
New York, in 1892. :■;.;>,_
-The admiral was born in San Francisco
in 1848. Bold ; Mr. and Mrs. Kahn trav
eled lor many years with circuses.
s cms oe PHO FUSS or do w.
A Brilliant Sehnlar Ends His Life by
Taking Laudanum.
MADISON. Wis., Jan. 22.— Professor
John G. Dow, a native of Scotland and
for a short time a member of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin faculty, committed
suicide last ni-ht by taking laudanum.
He was addicted to the laudanum habit
and was exceedingly despondent during
the past weens. He was a .very brilliant
man and graduated from the University
of Glasgow, Scotland, -, with the highest
honors. Five, years ago he came to the
United States and for three years was a
professor of English literature in the
University of South Dakota. '.-* One year
ago last fall he was made instructor of
English literature in '_ the college, but
resigned last year. He was a bachelor and
leaves a mother in Scotland.
Successful Kite Siring Ascension.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— The
kite flying experiment of Lieutenant H.
D. Wise on Governors Island -has at last
been successful, and the lieutenant is
the first man in America, to go aloft on
a kite string. -J He made an I ascent yes
terday, when the wind was blowing fifteen
miles an hour, and was raised to a height
of nearly fifty feet. ■."_--..
Hanged and Riddled With Bullets.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 22.— jail at
Jeffersohville,;Ga., was broken open early
this morning and two negroes, Willis
White and ; Charles Forsyth, implicated
in the . assassination; or Mrs. Rowland,'
were taken out and hanged and the bodies
afterward riddled with bullets.
FRAUD CHARGED
AGAINST FISHED
Accused of Having Em
bezzled Funds of the
Wallace Estate.
Administratrix Cora A. Morton
fays He Appropriated
$1688 in Gold.
.
Demand Made for His Arrest, but It
Is B.lieved He Has Left
the State.
Trouble seems to be coming thick and
fast lor Will E. Fisher, who has. been a
real estaie agent in this City for several
years. It is generally believed that be has
fled the State to avoid his creditors,
have be.un to press him in divers law
suits.
The latest charge against him is that he
is guilty of fraudulently embezzling $1688
belonging to the estate of William H.
Wallace, deceased, and a demand that
judgment be rendered against his person
and that he be imprisoned in the County
Jail until the money is refunded or until
he be discharged according to law.
The quasi-criminal proceeding was in
stituted yesterday by Cora A. Morton, ad
ministratrix of the Wallace estate, by her
attorney, J. C. Bates.
The complaint alleges that Fisher since
March 1, 1896, as agent for and for the use
of tne estate of said William H. Wallace,
deceased, has collected and received from
sundry persons on sale of real estate that
belonged to decedent in his lifetime, the
full sum of $1688 of United States sold
coin, and has intentionally and fraudu
lently appropriated said money, so
received as aforesaid, to his own use, and
refused and still refuses to pay the same,
or any part thereof, although often re
quested to do so.
The plaintiff further alleges that the
said defendant, Fisher, has fraudulently
in the course of his employment and in
Violation of his trust and duty as such
agent, appropriated said $1688 to his own
use and is guilty of embezzling the same.
In view of the premises, the defendant
brings this action against defendant
Fisher for the sum of $1688, with interest ;
from January 18, 1897, at the rate of 7
per cent per annum; that said defendant
Fisher be adjudged guilty of misappro
priating said money to his own use, and
that judgment be entered against t'.e
person of the defendant and that he be
arrested aiid committed to the County
Jail of the City and County of San Fran
cisco until he pay the judgment that may \
be recovered in this action, or until dis- 1
charged according to law.
The matter will be taken before Judge
Slack this morning and immediate action
by the court will be asked.
All the evidence at hand seems to show
that Fisher Pas disappeared permanently
from the places that knew, him. Coupled
with a number of pressing debts which he
has left behind him there is an unpleasant
suspicion that a heavy pressure of debts
hastened the real estate agent's departure.
The last seen or heard of Fisher, s-o far
as the public has yet learned, was on Mon
day morning, when be left his home in
his usual mood. It has been noticed,
however, that be had not been about his
real estate office for nearly two weeks, and
this created some unfavorable gossip
in real estate and business circles. It was
quickly rumored that the young man was
delinquent in turning over rents to his
clients and that some of tbem were press
ing him very hard.
It was known that his wile, already bis
creditor to the extent of nearly $46,000,
had refused to advance bim furtber funds,
hence his embarrassment
E. B. Jennings, Fisher's stepson, who
is employed in the office to represent his
mother's* interests, probably knows more
about the unfortunate man's affairs than
anybody in the City.
Speaking on the subject last night he
said: "While I do not like to speak of the
unpleasant affair I guess it is true that
Fisher has gone. He has been drinking
and spending money very freely lately,
but the chief 'matter that worried him, I
imagine, is that he has been unable to
turn over about $3000 worth of rent money
wnich he collecud for various patrons.
The Fair estate suit alone calls for $600,
and altogether he has had enough trouole
to worry him into hurrying away. We
have no idea where he has gone."
Henry A. Smith, Fisher's former part
ner, has been made a co-defendant in the
pending cases, and Smith is indignant
that his partner's inattention to business
has brought so much notoriety.
Mrs. Fisher, who is her husband's
heaviest creditor, was t tie widow of tbe
late James Jennings, three-quarters of
whose half-million dollar estat. was ieft
to her. -Wflf-ffiillfßßr 1
In spite of Fisher's heavy expenditures,
Mrs. Fisher still has ample means. It is
believed by many of the missing man's
friends that his wife will yet come to his
assistance, under promise that he will
cease spending money and give his atten
tion to business.
Word was received from Stockton to the
effect that Fisher had been there since
Wednesday, ana was last seen on Thurs
day atternoon about 3 o'clock.
He was at the ii off man. a saloon kept by
Johnson & Newman, and there was a
shabbily dressed man with him — a man
with a dark mustache and a stranger in
Stockton. ffIHSBQ-St
Msber was not stopping at any hotel
and was heard to say that he had a pri
vate room somewhere. He was spending
a good deal of money.
STANFORD FUEsHM EX OFFICERS.
J. P. Rusk Elected President and J. 8.
Daly Football . Manager.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
22.— freshman, class held the largest
and most exciting meeting . of . the year
this afternoon to ' elect officers for the en
suing year. There was a great deal of
friendly rivalry in the contest for the of
fices of president and baseball manager,
J. P. Rusk and H. R. White being the
candidates for the former honor and J. S.
Daly and P. McDowell for the latter. J.
P. Rusk and J. & Daly won.
The other officers elected were: First
vice-president. Mis. A. M. , Bell ; second
vice-president. Miss B. M. Puringtnn; sec-;
retary. L. : 0. Gregory ; treasurer, H. Hill ;
baseball manager, J. S. Daly ;. track mana
ger, Clem Wilson;, c.ass historian, H.
Woodruff;" sergeant-at-arms, : Frank Ad
ams. ■ '-._■
As a bit of pleasantry, the class elected
for sergeant-at-arms Frank Adams, the
smallest man in stature at Stanford.
Suicide at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 22.— A. T. Bmith,
'a well-known young married man of tbis
ciiy. fired a shot through his head at noon
tc-day. He was the son of Captain Smith,
the i coast .pilot. The latter ascribes the
suicide to excessive cigarette smoking. ;
... The Vermont Legislature has adopted a
law requiring heavy wagons to have wide
tires.
____■ IfJIW TCDAT-BRT GOOD"
THIS EVEN!
HI FROM 7:30 TO 10 O'CLOCK. ' jjj
ilk Seven Special Bargains worth going a long way to get. Don't ill
W* miss one of them. Bring your sisters nnd your brothers, so they 222
"TF can get one while you get "the other. You know how It is every TTT
Hi Saturday night— big rushes. Sometimes there isn't sufficient to JU
m go around, large as the quantities are. Come join the rush, but 111
ff? above all else COME EARLY. . TTF
iii $•?-*&s*« — - — - iii
]][ PRINTED SURAH SILKS ]|f
| l^if^2sC a Yard. I
iU 6_i_J * ,^.'«_B_P_l " ilk
ifi The very latest Parisian fad, eleeant large catchy Foulard patterns, on *W
P black, navy blue, cardinal and tan colored grounds. Regular value 50c a O
T yard. ' . X
6 LADIES' EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS $
x QgWioc Each. $
0 ,'The most beautiful Irish Point and Guipure Work on sheer pineapple O
1 lawn, scalloped and openwork edges; real Swiss goods imported by us and JL
C 3 intended for sale at 25c and 20c apiece. Limit of sto a purchaser. Vr
$ BOXED STATIONERY A
$ MP" ioc a Box. 2
A Twenty-iour sheets of splendid quality Writing Paper and twenty-four A
V Baronial Shape Envelopes to mutch, put up in a neat paste board box. Value T
P at 20.. . P
6 SILK MIXED PLAIDS O
6 Jg_P = '25C a Yard. %
Q An extravagantly rich combination of colorings, with red, green, blue V
A and black predominating, overshot with black Jacework, forming Noie and Q
V Bourette effects, and lit up with silK siripes and cross bars. The most jr
p fashionable 50-cent dress fabric this season. O
? IRISH POINT EMBROIDERIES 9
9 SmWsc a Yard. 9
jk Elegant wide ones, ranging in width up to 8 inches. The most elaborate A
P oiienwork and close patterns imaginable, on Swiss lawn and cambric cloths. V
A Now is the time to get them for your summer garments. Sold in strips of p
Vr 5 yards only. Some among them worth iOc a yard. V
p FLEECED FLANNELETTES $
I mr cr a Yard. I
mNot the -tin, .larcbei hlird stuff, like gingham, but soft, downy, warm, * m
vi double- goods, in woven striped and checked designs; plenty of 111
in pretty pinks and blues among them. Sold every day at &>_c a yard. Limit ..•
Ifit ot 20 yards to a purcuaser. IM
jj[ BUTTERMILK AND WITCH HAZEL SOAP.
1 |T cr Ray !!f
IU .. ■■» 5 C «• DUX* l\\
tit SM
TTF The same Toilet Soap for wiuch the people scrambled at the last sale. TTF
JU Another Dig lot just received. Tnree cakes elegantly wrapped and put up JU
n\ in a box. Regular value 15c a box. Limit of 2 boxes to a purchaser. »«|
flf m
M NONE OF THESE ITEMS ON SALE U iT;L 7:33 O'CLOCK. §
_^tvP tffrt'Tn ,nlhTWPT*nd
& n^op^'^z^ejx^^^'
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
BATTLE IS ON
IN THE WIGWAM
Ircquois Braves Divided on
Bills Increasing City
Salaries.
Rainey Packed the Tepee Last
Night With His Many
Warriors.
Final Action on a Resolution Condemn
ing Legislative Bills Postponed
o_e Week.
It was a stormy meeting that the Iro
quois Club held last night in Pythian Cas
tle. Gales of eloquence swept over the
assemblage for and against a resolution
condemning certain bills now be.ore the
Legislature at Sacramento increasing the
salaries of certain City officials. !> Judge A.
D. Lemon, in the chair, used the gavel ac
tively and often.
At the previous regular meeting of the
club, on Friday night a week ago, Max
Popper introduced a resolution condemn
ing and protesting , against the legislative
bills in the interest of economy for the
overburdened taxpayer, authorizing the
appointment of a committee to go up to
Sacramento and lobby against them, and
calling vi on improvement clubs in gen
eral to join in the opposition.
This resolution was passed at that meet
ing. It is said that Mr. Popper popped
the resolution suddenly on the club with
out general notice. . .
The various bills before the Legislature
raise salaries considerably. For instance,
they raise the pay of the Chief of the Fire
Department from $3000 to $5000 per year;
the salaries of district engineers from $1800
to $2100, and of the assistant chief from
$150 per month to a sum several , rows of
figures above tns t amount. .
The secretary of the Fire Department
comes in as a beneficiary to the extent of j
from $1800 to $3000 and the Chief of Police
will, if the bill passes, draw $6000 instead
of $4000. Detectives and oth- r officials
also come in for a raise. The Police Com
missioners would also get $250 per month
instead of $150.
Last night Chief Rainey's ; people ' were
out at the meeting in force. There were
charges made on the floor amid a storm
of such ejaculations as "Sit down 1" and
"Shut up I" that the Fire Department and
the Rainey contingent in local politics
had packed the meeting las fuli as a case
of salmon to defeat the resolution. -
' A. Jacobs, : who is reported to be the
tailor and to furnish the uniforms for the
Fire Department, * made a "motion tore
consider the vote by. which the resolution
had been adopted, and there was a chorus
of seconds from gentlemen who, as 'one
speaker put it, had"not honored the club
with their presence for many moons" —
not since the last of the Iroquois had gone
to the happy huntine-grounds, with much
less jerked beef to bis credit than any
local Iroquois had to travel 7 with through
the passing seasons. >'/..;•'.
Sam Waller and others in speeches up
held the legislative bills, saying in brief
that officials ought to be paid in propor
tion to the work that they do; that the
labor and responsibility of the several
positions demanded an increase of com
pensation.
Mr. Popper, E. P. E. Troy and others
turned themselves loose in oratory against
reconsideration and extravagance. Mr.
Popper said that a small majority did not
express always the sentiment of a club.
He talked about chickens coming home
to roost, about swords that could be
sharpened on both sides and declared that
the club was about to put itself on record
on a public question which would seriously,
affect its future.
But the friends of the Fire Department
and other departments represented did
not take this view. Reconsideration pre
vailed by a vote of 32 to 26.
The father of the resolution, seeing its
defeat imminent, then made a motion to
strike out that part of it in regard to send-'
ing a lobby to the capital. Numerous
amendments were made and the status of.
things got into a parliamentary tangle.
Mr. Popper appealed for fairness and fur
ther time before the question of reconsid
eration was acted upon. He and others
wanted a general notice sent out to tbe
club members, so that all could be present
and vote on the question.
J. O'Brien finally offered a substitute
that the whole matter b • referred back to
the committee on resolutions, with in
structions to report next week. This pre-,
vailed.
James Fenton of the Mint wanted the
committee on resolutions to segregate the
bills for an increase of salary and report
on them separately.
The chair informed Mr. Fenton that the
committe could not do that if it wished,
and after discussing tbe matter of arrear
ages of dues a few minutes the members
grabbed their hats and the lights went
out.
TO PROTECT C LlEOimmilA FRUIT.
New Weather Stations to Forecast the
Coming of Cold Waves.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.—Con
gressmen Loud and Bowers yesterday had
a long conference with the Chief of the
Weather Bureau in relation to the estab
lishment of two stations, one in Southern.
Utah and the other, in Southwestern
California or Southern Nevada. The
Weather Bureau has recognized the great
necessity for such stations in order to
forecast approaching cold waves from the
north and east, which have been of such
serious injury to tie fruit interests of
Lower, Central and Southern California.
Mr. * Moore gave them _ assurances that
such service would ; he established at the
ginning of the next fiscal year.
Mr. Loud has been in consultation with'
the chairman of the Agricultural Commit
tee and the Weather Bureau at Washing
ton and at San Fmncisco in regard to this
matter for some months.
New Catholic Bishops Selected.
BALTIMORE. Md., Jan. 22.— A special
cablegram from Rome states that the
Pope has selected the Very Rev. Felix
Hintemeyer of the Benedictine order,
Vicar-General of North Carolina, to be
Bishop of Wilmington, Del. It is also
staled that in. Very Rev. Edward P.
Allen, D. D., president of the Mount St.
Mary's Seminary at Emmetsburg, Md.,
has been selected Bishop of Mobile.
Kansas City Crockery Firm Fails.
KAN CITY, Mo., Jan. 22.— The
Campbell-Eaton Crockery Company, the
largest queensware . and crockery firm in
Kansas, failed this ; morning. Pre
ferred creditors with claims of over $21,000
are named. The assets are not yet known.
Heath of i ardinal Bianchi.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 22.— Cardihel Angelo
Bianchi, Bishop of Palestrina, died in
this city to-day. He was born in Rome
in 1817, and created a Cardinal in 1882.
56
?s__Sißß*
<_%^--_v*^_i__-_^_S^___^
BAT URDAY JANUARY 23, 1597
CHARLES M. SrIORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
DaUy tod Sunday Caix, one week, by carrier.. SO.IS
Dally and Sunday Caix, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Caix, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.60
DaUy and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall -.60
Wx-KLY Caix, one year, by maU *.60
BUSINESS OFFICB:
710 Market Street,
San Francisoo, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
T.Jephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES 1
627 Montgomery atreet, corner Clay; open _atn
8:80 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 3. Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Duckworth doesn't duck worth a cent.
Leave orders to-day for The Sunday
Call.
Third street will soon be luminous with
progress.
•
The route of a legislative junketing trip
never yet led to economy.
The poultrymen wish a poultry experi
ment station and ought to have it.
The New York sculptor who has been
sued by his model will hardly give her a
recommendation for good form.
. .
Of the arbitration treaty it may be said
that if it is an "agreement" it may go, but
if it is an "alliance" it will have to go.
There is no economy in wrangling over
ihe stuffed payroll scandal to the neglect
of important business ana delay in urgent
work.
Coxey has started on a tour to organize
a new party, and Bryan will have to
hustle if he wishes to keep his gang to
gether.
.
The Stockton Mail refers to the Princess
Chimay as "unspeakable," but that de
pends, of course, on the way the title is
pronounced.
a
Since economy is to be-in at the water
front let us hope it will move steadily
westward like tbe star of empire until it
sweeps the whole City.
A study of the interior press shows that
the demand of the people on the Legisla
ture is first for economy, second good
roads and third some more economy.
The tariff-makers are not saying much
in these days, but they are sawing the
wood which will start the furnace fires of
American industry as soon as it gets into
use.
In declaring "everybody favors the in
dependence of the Senate" Senator Turpie
was mistaken. There are lots of people
who think it ought to have a trocha
round it
Nearly one-third of all the patents ap
plied for in Great Britain last year were '
for improvements on the bicycle, and still
the wheelman insists that his machine
cannot be improvea.
Since the friends of the Pacific roads are
filibustering against the Nicaragua canal
bill in the Senate they will have no right
to complain if the railroad commission
bill is talked to death.
*
Why should there be ail this advice to
McKinley in making up his Cabinet and
not a word even of sympathy for the fel
low who is making up the invitation list
for the inaugural ball?
It is now proposed to put the nine good
road bills before the Legislature into one
combination measure, but whether the
new creation will be an omnibus bill or a
dump remains to be seen.
It is noted in the East that Chicago
papers, instead of lauding everything in
their City as they did in days of yore, are
now attacking its defects and its vices. It
seems the papers have repented.
New York has a compulsory education
law, but in the City there is not room
enough in the schools for the children, so
they are discussing whether to enforce the
law and burst the schoolbouses or to ease
up on the schools and break the law.
A statement is going the rounds of the
press to the effect that the forests of
Maine grow as fast as the lumbermen can
cut them dow**, but whether this is in
tended as a reflection on the industry of
the lumbermen or a good tree story is not
shown by any diagram.
It is being asserted frequently that Sher
man, as Secretary of State, will continue
the policy of Olney in regard to Cuba, but
the fact remains that as chairman of the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
Sherman reported tbe Cameron resolu
tions anu supported them.
The proposal to remove the girls' reform
school from Whittier to the buildings
owned by the State in Santa Clara County
formerly occupied as tbe home for feeble
minded children is a good one in every
way. It will be a benefit to the giris and
to the State, and moreover it will be an
economy.
Ex-Senator Edmunds' letter on the ar
bitration treaty disposes of the charge
that the treaty involves a surrender of the
Monroe doctrine, and to that extent is re
assuring to the people. No living man is
a higher authority on international law
than Edmunds and no one has a wiser re
gard for our National welfare, and his
words will therefore have great weight in
confirming public approval of the treaty.
The New York Board of Health esti
mates that 6000 persons died of consump
tion in that city during the past year,
that upward of 20,000 are afflicted with it
now and that from thirty to fifty are in
fected daily. It is the belief of the board
that the disease can be exterminated if
proper precautions are taken and it urges
the adoption of measures to that end. It
seems these opinions are shared by simi
lar boards in other large cities of the Bast
and it is likely that far-reaching efforts
will be eventually made to stamp out this
plague among the people of that section
of the Union,
EDMUNDS ON ABBITRATION.
The letter of ex-Senator George F. Ed
munds on the arbitration treaty between
this country and Great Britain will go far
toward reassuring the public mind on the
advisability of adopting the treaty. as it
has been agreed upon between Secretary
Olney and the British Embassador Paunce
fote.
The ex-Senator deals with the princi
pal criticisms which have been directed
against the treaty and points out that
none of them are valid. These criticisms
are three in number. The first charges
that the treaty involves a surrender of the
Monroe doctrine; the second that it would
injuriously affect our interests in regard
to the Nicaragua canal, and the third that
there would be danger in leaving it to any
European power to name an umpire in
arbitrating difficulties which might arise
between this country and Great Britain
under certain contingencies.
Ex-Senator Edmunds asserts that the
fear that the treaty would interfere with
the Monroe doctrine or would compel us
to submit that doctrine to arbitration is
quite unfounded. He quotes the words of
the treaty referring to this subject and
points out that all writers on natural law
and international law agree in holding to
tbe opinion which he maintains that
nothing in the words of the treaty would
affect in any way the rights of either party
against the other.
He replies to the second criticism in the
same way as to the first. Concerning the
third he says; "It is enough to say that
so far as our considerable experience has
gone in such matters we have never had
occasion to complain of the action of any
sovereign in naming an umpire or decid
ing a dispute."
In concluding his letter ex-Senator Ed
munds say 3:
I am intense in my support of the Monroe doc
trine. I Delieve the building of the Nicaragua
canal under the auspices of the United States
to be of urgent necessity. I believe most earn
estly in international arbitration to the ut
most extent that civilized, just and self-re
specting nations can go, and I most earnestly
hope that the Senate will ratify the treaty as
it is proposed as the first step— very great and
auspicious— toward the attainment of peace
among nations.
There can be no question that the publi
cation of tbis letter will have a reassuring
effect on the public mind. Ex-Senator
Edmunds is one of the highest, if not tne
very highest, authority on international
law in the United States. His eminence
on law questions while in the Senate was so
high as to be absolutely undisputed. What
he has to say, therefore, concerning issues
of the constitution or of our international
relations cannot fail to have weight with
all who have respect for learning and high
ability in deciding complex problems
arising from these subjects.
It is fortunate that the people dia not
need ex-Senater Edmunds to remind them
that he is intense in his support of the
Monroe doctrine, and is an ardent ad
vocate of the construction of the Nicar
agua canal. These things were made clear
to the people oy the services which Mr.
Edmunds rendered while in the Senate.
They know him to be a true patriot as well
as a great lawyer, and those who favor ar
bitration and seek to establish by it the
prolonged continuance of peace which is
so essential to prosperity will be glad to
note that this wise statesman and true
patriot finds no cause whatever for the
fears that the proposed treaty of arbitra
tion will injure in any way either the in
terests or tbe honor of the Republic.
A GOOD MOVE.
The proposal to remove the reform school
for girls from Whittier to the home for
merly occupied by feeble-minded cbildren
in Santa Clara County will, if adopted by
the Legislature, prove to be a good move
in every respect. It will be of advantage
to the girls, to the cause of education and
to the State. It will entail little or uo
extra cost, and on the other hand will
provide a use for buildings now owned by
the State, but unoccupied, and to that ex
tent will be a true economy.
The experiment made at Whittier of
conducting a mixed reform school to
which both boys and girls are admitted
has not been satisfactory. The authorities
at Whittier will be well pleased to have a
separate reform school established for
girls, and there can be no doubt that they
are thoroughly justified in believine that
the separation 1, would be of advantage to
both sexes. If such separation is to take
place it is certainly an economy to remove
the girls to the buildings already owned
by the State at Santa Clara rather than to
erect a new building for them.
The buildings in Santa Clara County are
well located for a reform school, and have
every advantage which can be desired for
such an institution. The houses are
roomy and well arranged;. they are sur
rounded by ample grounds for exercise,
recreation and work; they are conven
iently near railroad stations, and the cli
mate is well known to be about as near
perfection as is attainable in the world.
The home for feeble-minded children was
removed simply because it was desired to
connect with tbat institution a large farm.
No other objection was ever made to the
Santa Clara grounds and none can be
made. As a matter of fact the grounds
there are amply large enough to employ
all the energies which the reform school
can give to outdoor work.
It will certainly be to the advantage of
the State to make use of tbe now unoccu
pied buildings. Devised as they are for a
State institution, they would be of little
value to private parties and could not be
sold to advantage. It will therefore be an
economy on the part of the State to make
use of tbem, and ail the more so since
some arrangement must be made for pro
viding a separate home for the reform
school girls.
A State commission is to visit the
grounds next week for the purpose of in
specting them, and there can be no ques
tion but what they will find them well
fitted for the proposed use. The Legisla
ture will have the approval of the whole
State if they make this much-needed
change. It will be as we have said in
every sense of the word a good move.
HIGHWAY IMPROVEMENT.
Up to date there have been introduced
into the Legislature as many as nine bills
designed to provide for the improvement
of public highway*. That many have
been already submitted and there may be
more to come. It is not surprising to
learn therefore that tbe , Assembly Com
mittee on Roads and Highways has
under consideration a plan for combining
them into one measure, which will com
prehend the best features of all.
The introduction of so many bills deal
ing with the subject is only another evi
dence of the widespread public interest
taken in it. Nearly every Legislature in
the Union now in session is occupied
more or less with this issue of highway
improvements. It has become one of the
foremost questions of State politics and is
receiving attention everywhere. .
The report of the Bureau of Highways
in this State to which we called attention
a short timo ago showed very clearly the
need of a better system of managing our
public thoroughfares than that which now
4:■ ' " '
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
prevails, and as the tone of the press in
the interior of the State reveals tbe urgent
desire of the people almost everywhere for
improved roads it is certain the Legisla
ture can do nothing more calculated to
win the approval of the people than to de
vise a good method of making our high
ways better and more economical.
It is calculated that the State is expend
ing about $1,700,000 annually on country
roads. The greater portion of this is em
ployed simply in making repairs, and
does not add anything to the permanent
improvement of the highways. It is be
lieved that if a good system of road con
struction could be devised and placed un
der proper supervision, so that it will be
thoroughly carried out, the greater por
tion of the State can be soon supplied
with good and well constructed roads
entailing very little cost for maintenance!
without any increased taxation.
For these reasons the people will watch
with more than ordinary attention the
report which is to be made by the Com
mittee on Roads and Highways.- Undoubt
edly in the nine bills which have been
laid before that committee there are many
good features, and it is hardly less a sub
ject of doubt that there are also many
that would prove injurious rather than
helpful to our road system. The com
mittee which proposes to revise them all
and combine them into a single measure
is therefore intrusted with one ol the most
responsible duties impo.ed upon this
Legislature.
The bill to be submitted will have to
pass under the criticism ol thousands of
interested parties. Every county in the
State will be concerned in it, and each of
them will have something to commend or
disapprove. Whatever measure is pro
posed will have to meet all the opposition
sure to result from conflicting interests,
but if the bill should prove to be a good
one the people as a whole will warmly
approve the Legislature in enacting it.
HLIBUSTEEING TACTICS.
The proceedings in the National Senate
on Thursday showed a determination on
the part of the opponents of the Nicaragua
canal bill to defeat it at this session of
Congress by filibustering. Every effort
made to obtain from them consent to take
a vote on any particular day was defeated.
They made manifest beyond any douot
that they intend to do what is popularly
known as "talking the bill to death."
When Senator Turpie closed his speech,
which had occupied the morning session
of three consecutive days, Senator Morgan
asked that a vote be taken on the bill and
amendment at 4 o'clock on the succeed
ing day. To this Senator Turpie objected,
saying that, while he was not prepared to
offer an amendment, he knew of two or
three Senators who wished to speak on
the proposition. Morgan then proposed
that the vote should be taken next Tues
day, but Turpie would not agree even to
that. B|
After some further debate Senator Mor
gan proposed to the opponents of the bill
that they should fix their own time for
taking the vote, but to this proposition
Senator Vilas, speaking lor the opponents
of the measure, said they did not feel pre
pared at that time to fix any day for
closing the debate. It is evident, there
fore, that the opponents of the measure
are not willing to have it come to a vote.
They are aware of their weakness and will
take every advantage of the lax mles of
the Senate to postpone action on the
measure until the time comes when, un
der the law, the present Congress will be
adjourned sine die.
The opponents of the Nicaragua canal
bill are in almost every case the friends
and supporters of the great transconti
nental railway. They are the men upon
whom Mr. Huntington relies to carry
through the Senate his bill providing for
the settlement of the Pacific roads debts
by a Governmental commission. Filibus
tering for them therefore is a system of
tactics whicb they will soon have to re
gret. If it is permissible in the Senate
for the friends of the railroad to talk the
Nicaragua canal bill to death it will be
equally permissible for filibustering tac
tics to be employed against the railroad
commission bill.
While the people will justify the oppo
nents of Mr. Huntington in defeating the
railroad commission bill by filibustering,
since Mr. Huntington's friends have used
such methods to defeat tho Nicaragua
canal bill, they will not, however, give
their approval to such tactics on general
principles. The long delay of the Senate
in dealing with important measures has
become a grievous evil in National legisla
tion. The Senate was created to attendito
public business not to delay it, postpone
it and interfere with it.
Senator Hoar, during the debate on
Tuesday, called attention to the develop
ment in later years of filibustering in the
Senate. He stated that it was the custom
in the Senate when be first came to Con
gress not to lay an important measure
aside after two or three hours each day of
discussion, but to continue the debate far
into the night and so bring the measure to
a vote. He declared that the former cus
tom should prevail now, and the people
will agree with him.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Harry Rundle of Atchison County, Missouri,
sets up a claim as the champion corn husker
of the world.
It is said that the wife of Negus Menelek of
Abyssinia inspects and reviews the soldiers
like any officer, and that she thoroughly enjoys
the work. '■:
, Kaiser Wilhelm's Jubilee cup, to be raced for
by British yachts next summer on the occa
sion of his grandmother's reign of sixty years,
is three feet high. The course of the ra ce wil
be from Dover to Heligoland.
Cadet George Mason Lee, a son of the General
Lee who is Consul at Havana, has been
"plucked" at West Point. His grandfather,
Robert E. Lee, and his father, Fltz-Hugh Lee,
stood high in their respective classes. ;h'-', .'."»■
Aiphonso XIII, the young King of Spain,
was born May 17,1886, not quite six months
after the death of his father, Alphonso XII.
He is, therefore, in his eleventh year, and ac
cording to the constitution will bo of age
at 16.
Congressman Hurley has Introduced a bill to
appropriate $50,000 to erect In Washington a
bionze equestrian statue of Generai Henry W.
Slocam, who commanded the army of Georgia,
the lelt wing of Sherman's army, on the march
to the sea.
Baroness Burdett-Coutts is said to be a great
admirer of the pluck of Cecil Rhodes In his
efforts to develop Rhodesia. To every selected
young man who promises to settle in that
possession ana who chooses a wife from
among : the young women \in ■ her charitable
institutions she will present $500. -■ \
\ M. Doumer, Minister of Finance in the Bour
geois Cabinet of France and the author of the
income tax scheme, has accepted the Governor
ship of Tonquin, vacant by the death of M. Ar
mand Rousseau. M. Doumer was - born at
Aurlllac in 1837, is a barrister and journalist,
and ha* sat four years in the Chamber.
Mrs. Stevens, wife [of the new Governor of
Missouri, has sent out an edict to the effect
that, though she "admires well-dressed men
and women," the doors of the Governor's man
sion will not be closed against: a man who
doesn't own* or doesn't care to '■ wear a dress
suit. 5 * There had been a ' widely circulated
rumor that the "swallowtail, was to be a sine
qua non for attendance upon state social func
tions in Missouri. ■;.?...'.-,:
. v_._ _, _--*->,_._, i
PERHAPS YOU ARE SKEPTICAL ABOUT THIS.
Then read The Sunday Call and be convinced that there is no more wonderful city In the
»_««.---_-<««, world than San Francisco.; Tne writer of this
most entertaining article has touched familiar
things as with a magician's wand and has por
trayed them as they should and will be.
Don't lose the opportunity of reading
about iti
Let us speak a word for the Children's Page I
You know how full of excellent reading It
always is and how the little ones love to have
it read to them? * » . ;
Then don't fail to read thera the story of
"Uncle Abe," which appears this Sunday. It
is too good for them to miss. The illustration
that accompanies these lines gives an idea of
the scenes upon which it dwells. All the little
nthat there enjoyment wonderful city in the
rid tban San Francisco. Tne writer of this
>st entertaining article has touched familiar
ings as with a magician's wand and has por
tyed them as they should and will be.
Don't lose the opportunity of reading
out it! , _ ,
Let us speak a word for the C hildren s Page
Too know how full of excellent reading it
rays is and how the little ones love to have
reaa to them?
Then don't fail to read thera the story of
ncle Abe," which appears this Sunday. It
100 good for them to miss. The illustration
it accompanies these lines gives an Idea ol
i scenes upon which it dwells. All the little
es will find enjoyment in the tale of Uncle
Abe and Aunt Dinah.
' - Think of living up to the neck in great tubs
of water, heated to the temperature of your
blood I
No! This is not about sirens, or mermaids,
or sea-nymphs; but about human beings Just
like yourself who live and die with their
bodies immersed in water clear up to their
chins. .. v
* Why do they do this and how do they man
age to exist? ■ , .
That is what The Sunday Call is going to
tell you and in such an Interesting way that
you'll wish to see this wonderful thing for
yourself.
There will be also a continuation of those
sweet prose poems, "Idyls of the Field," which
are so full of nature's beauty that they seem to bring to us the pure air of the hills and the
scent of awakening plant life. ':..{'■■
If you cannot be in the midst of nature, then The Sunday Call will do the next best thing
for you in giving you the opportunity of reading of nature's doings.
Trilby was hypnotized.
Well, Trilby is out of date, but hypnotism, that strange power of the human mind, will
always hold our attention.
And now The Sunday call is prep-red to tell you some new things in regard to it and will
surprise you by showing that subjects of hypnotists may be found among your friends and
neighbors here in San Francisco. I
Are you skeptical in the premises?
Then De sure and read that Sunday article and be convinced.
Besides, there is the story of a wonderful new engine, the largest in the world, and what
it is expected to do. And, moreover, a tale of the wildest ride ever taken on a bike in the
darkness, and many other things full of life and interest.
- Be sure and read this paper of exceptional merit, and if you want to please Eastern
friends send them a copy of The Sunday Call.
HIS CONSCIENCE WAS CLEAR.
When Mark Twain was private secretary to his brother, who had been appointed Secretary
of Nevada by Lincoln in 1861, the Governor of the Territory
was General James W. Nye, who, when Nevada was admitted
to the Union, was elected to represent the "battle-born" State
in the Senate. If Mark needed any encouragement in hia
story-telling proclivities he must have found, it in the society
of the Governor, for as a raconteur he had few superiors. One
of the general's good stories related to the last hours of a
miner who died in Carson while he was Governor. One day
an old man arrived in town on a visit to a friend. He had,
with varying luck, been wandering among the mines of Cali
fornia sine, the days of '49, but at last had made a strike and,
learning wisdom from experience, had "salted down" a snug
fortune, determined to enjoy the evening of his life in a ra
tional way. At the invitation of an old mining partner he had'
taken the long stage journey from "the bay" to the Nevada
capital. Soon after his arrival he was seized with a serious
illness and his host, who was a very religious man, became
so alarmed that he wanted to call a clergyman. The guest,
however, declined any clerical assistance In relieving his con
science of its burden. Finally the doctor said one day that
the sick man had but a few hours to live and as he could do nothing further for him sug
gested that some minister of tbe Gospel should be asked to make smooth his exit from the
world. With tears in his eyes his host again besought his iriend to listen to him and re
ceive the ministrations of a clergyman. The moribund man, who was rapidly sinking, turned
on his pillow and, articulating with difficulty, replied: "I can't see what occasion I have for
the services of a clergyman. I never voted a Democratic ticket in my life."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Francis Smith, the manufacturer, of 130
Beaie street, who owns a ranch near Santa
Clara, has a five-year-old adopted sou of whom
he Is very proud. Mr. Smith lives on the
ranch and from his home place he votes. He
is an ardent Republican and follower of Mc-
Kinley.
In the last campaign he did what a great
many other men worked and talked for
the Napoleon of Canton. The adopted son,
Freddie Munroe Smith, imbibed the same
wholesome political doctrine. To all the little
boys and girls he met he announced that he
was going to vote for McKinley.
This led to some talk from others that he
couldn't vote, that he was too young.
"Well, I will vote for him anyway, you will
see," was his response.
It turned out that way, for on election day,
when Mr. Smith, the elder, was starting for
the polls the young statesman asked that he
be permitted to go along and vote. ■ The re-
The Five-Year-Old Boy Who Cast a
Ballot for McKinley and Got a
Letter of Thanks for It.
quest was acceded to, and when Mr. Smith
had folded his ticket the election officers per
mitted the young gentleman to vote it. It
was a glad moment . for , the youthful patriot,
and he made not a little of it ln talking to
those he knew. _.'. .'.-/,'. >.- " ' ' , , '-1
More than this, he sat down and wrote a let
ter to Major McKinley apprising him of the
fact. He also narrated that he was but five
years old and was glad McKinley had been
elected. This reply came back in a few days:
Mr. McKinley begs to acknowledge the receipt
of the recent favor of Mr. , Frederick Munroe
Smith,: and returns thanks for his generous con
gratulations and good wishes.
The autograph of the President-elect was
also Inclosed. With it was a letter:
William McKinley, '
Canton, Ohio. ..
Jan. 4, 1897.
Matter Freddie M. Smith, Dana farm— r Dear
Yodno Sib: Incompliance wl.h your request you
will bnd Inclosed Major McKinley's si-nature.
These souvenirs will be carefully preserved.
IN ADVANCE OF COMPETITORS.
Philadelphia Ledger.
"The United States party," of which General
Coxey is the bead and front, has at least one
plank in its platform which might well be
adopted by all the ; others. It demands good
roads. In this respect the new party may be
in advance of its older competitors, but it is
not in advance of public opinion.. Little by
little popular interest in the subject of road
making is being aroused, and whether politi
cal parties Incorporate "-. a demand for good
roads ln their platforms or not public senti
ment is beginning to | express itself so unmis
takably on the subject that a general move
ment in that direction may be expected in a
very few years.
PERSONAL.
/
H. W. Jackson of Humboldt is in town.
C. L. La Rue of Yountville is in the City.
W. E. Webb of San Diego Is at the Palace.
I* W. Shinn of La Colorado Is in the City.
C. W. Knowles of Portland is a late arrival
here.
C. J. Allen and family of Colusa are at the
Russ.
John F. Carrera of Los Angeles is a late arri
val here. ■ ■•'.\T~?w. f - *-•.''.*.■■'? \T,'.-J
D. Neigh, a business man of Ashland, Or., Is
at the Russ.
S. Asheim, a business man of St. Louis, is on
a visit here.
P. Wells, a mining man of Boulder, Mont.,
is in the City.
F.J. Wheeler, a railroad man of Vancouver,
B. C, Is in the City.
G. M. Westman, a druggist of San Jose, ar
rived here yesterday.
Mark L. McDonald, the . capitalist, of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental.
Frank J. Buck, the extensive fruit-grower of
Vacaville, is at the Palace.
Holstein Haney, a wealthy merchant of Wil
mington, Del., is in the City.
I. Harrison, a wealthy stock-raiser of Texas
is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Gentry of San Jose are
registered at the Cosmopolitan. /
J. R. Tregloan, manager of a large mine in
Amador County, is at the Grand.
The Rev. A. W. Edelman of Los Angeles is
on a visit here and is at the Lick.
W. Sharwood, a wealthy mining man of
Soulsby ville, arrived here yesterday.
F. R. Beecher and Alma Dlelenson, of Sonora,
are recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
C. A. Storke, the well-known attorney of
Santa Barbara, is among the arrivals at the
Lick. . -.-'■-"■<
11. Stanfield, a well-to-do resident of Los An
geles, is at the Russ, accompanied by Mrs.
fctanfield.
D. Winternitz, a business man of Las Vegas,
Is hero accompanied by his wife. They are at
the Grand.
H. G. Harvey of Redding, one of the Super
visors of Shasta County, is among the arrivals
at the Ru-s. V-iK." '-"••''.-''
Senator F. C. Frank of Santa Clara and Sen
ator J. M. Gleaves of Redding are among the
arrivals at the Grand.
William Sims, a business man of Winters,
who is here buying goods, is among the latest
arrivals from that part of the State.
Hancock Banning, who owns large interests
at Los Angeles, San Pedro and Santa Catalina
Islands, the latter of which is at present his
home, was among yesterday's arrivals.
George K. Fitch, the veteran journalist, for
merly editor and part proprietor of The Call
and Bulletin, left last night with Mrs. and
Miss Fitch to attend the McKinley inaugural
at Washington, D. C, traveling by the Sunset
route.
H. E. Cobb of Chicago, who is representing
an extensive Jewelry manufacturing house, is
in the City. He says a great many men inter
ested in his line oi . business are preparing to
visit California this winter. Henry J. Babee
of Chicago and one or two other friends are
with Mr. Cobb.
Harry Huff, the Chinese interpreter in the
United States District Court, who was dis
missed some..;, time since for alleged bribe
taking, has been reinstated by order of the
Attorney-General. Huff, It is satd, was not
given a hearing at the time, and since then he
has been adjudged guiltless. .'"-f','- : '-'
George J. Lidgerwood of Los Angeles, an ex
tensive dealer in California fish, is here on a
business, trip.' ; Mr. Liagerwood was for a long
time till two or three years, the representative
on this coast of a large Eastern firm. He was
at Lathrop when Dan Nagle's pistol killed
Judge Terry, and was an important witness in
the investigation which followed.
A. Brizard, . a general • merchant, all-around
businessman and mine-owner, whose head
quarters are at Areata, and 'who' owns nine
stores '; in Humboldt, Trinity; and Siskiyou
counties,, is in the City. He came to Cali
fornia in 1849, when a small boy, and a while
later commenced business in a small way. He
is interested in mining in many localities, one
of his chief interests lately being with a strong
French syndicate in Trinity ; County. He is
doing as much probably -as any man in the
State to develop the frontier sections.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— At the Plaza,
J. H. Clark; Manhattan, C. F. Briggs, C. L. Beal;
Continental, Miss ' D. Harper, Mrs. M. J. Tur
ner; Amsterdam, Miss Nicholas. D.G.Davis
is here buying for R. Weill & Co. . v
Queen Victoria's favorite ? flower; is the rose,
but she has a bed of pinks at Osborne, near
which she likes to drink tea. • .
AN X-RAY ON THE
SUPREME COURT
Its Creditable Showing in
the Disposal of
Cases.
____________
Some Statistics That Will Ec
Laid Before the Present
Legislature.
Prominent Lawyers Debate on the
Valne of a Constitutional
Commission.
The motive which actuated the Bar
Association in desiring a constitutional
amendment for judicial reform is gener
ally conceded to be a belief that the Su
preme Court is not able to handle all the
cases tbat come before it on appeal.
This idea seems to be generally preva
lent in local legal circles, but is denied by
those who have made a close study of the
subject. Under certain conditions, easily
obtainable, tbe supporters of the present
system say, the Supreme Court would not
only be able to keep up with all cases ad
mitted for a rehearing, but would have
leisure time.
Chief Justice Beatty was asked for in
formation on the subject yesterday, but
replied that he was not in a position to in
dulge in any comment.
"I will say this much, however," he
added, "that the court is not by any
means in such arrears on cases as the
idea generally prevalent among the legal
fraternity wou.d indicate."
Secretary D. B. Woolf of the Supreme
Court Commission, who has been con
nected with the Supreme Court since 1870,
was next consulted. He is now at work;
and has been for several days, on a report
to be handed to the Judiciary Committee
of the Legislature.
While he cared to make no comments
or draw no conclusions, he furnished the
following summary of data that will be
provided the Judiciary Committee:
When the Supreme Court Commission
went into existence in 1885, on June 1 of
that year, . the Supreme Court was 1003
cases in arrears.
During the first four years of the com
mission there were 2589 cases on appeal.
During the last four years there have been
3417, showing a net gain of 828 cases.
In 1895 cases to the number of 960 were
disposed of, and in 1896 cases numbering
879 were settled.
On January 1, 1897, there remained 671
cases undisposed of, new and old. This
includes the last transcript filed in 1896.
This would give the court the record of
disposing of the 1003 cases to which it feil
heir, and of keeping the calendar clear of
all but the additional cases in the last
four years, and even 157 of them.
Prominent lawyers have expressed
themselves that the Supreme Court of
California accomplishes on an average as
much as any like body in the Union, and
that all necessary to their disposing of
appeal cases as fast as they arise is a
constitutional commission to handle the
old cases now on hand. The time of their
disposal, it has been suggested, should be
limited. The difficulties now confronting
the Supreme Court, according to the
statistical deductions, might lurther be
obviated by increasing the jurisdiction of
the lower courts from $300 to at least $1000
or $1500. A majority of the cases involv
ing finance coming before the court are
judgments of less than $600.
In looking over the books the clerks
find that at the present time the Supreme
Court is only ten months behind the last
filings. . ' '
Letters From the People.
j THE BAKER MONUMENT/
A Plea for a Memorial to the Patriot
Statesman and Soldier.
Editor Call, San Francisco, Cal— Dear Sib:
Your editorial in Sunday's Call favoring the
bill recently introduced into the Legislature
to erect a mouument to the memory and worth
of Senator E. D. Baker deserves the commen
dation of not only every citizen of California,
but the citizens ol the Pacific Coast.
It is a step in the right direction. Let us at
least hear as much of the appreciation of
honor, merit, bravery, patriotism of men
already tried as we see and hear depicted the
shortcomings of men now living. Few places
in the world more than this coast seem to
exert themselves in keeping before the public
lives and characters unwholesome to study
and contemplate-
We are still a new part of the Republic and
our roll of great men and women must neces
sarily be limited, but for this very reason we
should at least do meet honor and justice to
the few great and good who have labored be
fore us.
In some of our Eastern cities the humblest
boy can seldom go to and irom his school with
out seeing somewhere a tribute to the great
and useful services of some man. How many
breasts of city wails and country lads have
been filled with enthusiasm, ambition and
noble aims by the sight of Lincoln's statue in
Chicago, Grant's in New York or Hendricks'
in Indianapolis! A statue, a monument, ap
peals to the boy as the pages of history appeal
to the man.
The writer is not a native son of the Pacific
Coast, but has for years been an admirer of
Senator Baker and is constantly being sur
prised at the native sons for their lack of in
formation and appreciation of the character
and services of that distinguished citizen.
It is now over thirty-five years since Senator
Baker, with the dust ot the battlefield on his
epaulets, the sword of the Union by his side,
entered the Senate chamber during the de
livery of the great speech of Breckinridge,
and then, clad in iuil soldier's uniform, rose
and in one of tho most dramatic, effective and
patriotic speeches ever heard in the Senate
hurled secession back to bis Southern foe. It
is now over thirty-five years since Senator
Baker's seat in the Senate was vacant while he
I was dying a soldier's death at Balls Bluff.
James "G. Blame, in his "Twenty Years of Con
gress," has this to say of him: "Senator
Baker was a man of extraordinary gifts of elo
quence — soldier, frontiersman, leader
of popular assemblies, tribune of the people.
In personal appearance he was commanding,
in manner most attractive, in speech irresist
ibly charming. Perhaps in the history of the
Senate no man ever left so brilliant a reputa
tion from bo short a service." Writing of his
great reply to Breckinridge, Blame says: "It
is impossible to realize the effect ot the words
so eloquently pronounced by the Senator from
Oregon. In tne history of the Senate no more
thrilling speech was ever, delivered."
If none less than James G. Blame fifteen
years ago held Senator Baker in such high
esteem surely his friends and constituents of
the | Pacific Coast need no more than thirty
five years in which to give evidence of their
appreciation and high - regard for the char
acter and services of Senator Baker.
John M. Switzeb. .
Stanford University, Cal. .
m.
THE MONTEREY JUBILEE.
A Reply to Strictures' Made Upon the
Director-General by Major E. A.
J Sherman. \
. ! San Fkancisco, Jan. 22, 1897.
To the Editor of the. Call— Dear Sir: In jus
tice to myself kindly publish - the following
resolution as my reply to the unwarranted at
tack upon me by E. A. Sherman in your
paper:
"Whereas, H. A. Greene, director-general of
the California ' jubilee celebration held in
Monterey July 4, 5, 6 and 7, 1896, did at all
times faithfully and honorably discharge the
duties of his responsible position, carrying
out the work in every detail to the complete
satisfaction of the committee and people,
now, therefore, in view of the venomous state
ments issued by one E. A. Sherman reflecting
upon the good name and work of H. A.
Greene, be it • -*
"Resolved, By the executive committee of the
semi-centennial celebration of the American
occupation of California that it does hereby
ratify and approve all the official acts per
formed by Director-General H. A. Greene, and
tenders to him a vote of sincere thanks for his
most efficient and painstaking labors. Be
further
"Resolved, That we, the executive committee,
and each of us personally, hereby condemn all
statements reflecting upon the character of H.
A. Greene by the said E. A. Sherman as being
false, malicious and -unwarranted in every
particular.
The "major" is a chronic letter-writer, and
those people who are fortunate enough not
to know him and who desire to know the facta
in regard to the California jubilee celebration
should address the president of the executive
committee, Hon. T.J. Field, at Monterey, and
pay no heed to the misstatements of a person
whose office in the celebration was represent
ing one of the several societies taking part,
besides the Bloat Monument Association. I
have never attacked Admiral Beardslee in the
newspapers, as intimated. The admiral acted
without investigating the matter, and in my
ordnion insulted the gentlemen having charge
of the celebration and the people of Monterey
by refusing to permit the ships in his com
mand from accepting the proffered souvenirs.
H. A. Greene.
HIS FASHIONAbLE WIFE.
She dresses with exquisite taste;
The finest of raiment she loves;
No ribbon Is ever misplaced.
Ana daintily line are her gloves.
She's never attired In haste—
The Idea would give her the chllla
Bhe dresses with exquisite taste—
And I have to foot all the bills.
She dresses with exquisite taste:
Her costumes are sober but nice:
Their style is so simple and chaste!
And, Jupiter! look at the price I
The girdle that circles her waist
With ecstasy seemingly thrills.
She dresses with exquisite taste—
And I have to foot all the bills.
—somervlile Journal.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
He— you tell me the difference between
an Irishman frozen to death and a Highlander
on a cold day ?
She— No.
He— Well, one's kilt with the cold and
t'other's cold with the London Funny
Cuts.
"This is the most Intelligent dog I ever saw,"
remarked Mr. Blykins. "He understands
every word I say to him."
"Isn't that— er— a slight exaggeration f '
"Not a bit of it. If he didn't understand,
how would he succeed infallibly in doing ex
actly the opposite thing ?"— Washington Star.
Bunson (amazed)— your uncle T Why,
man, you told me your uncle had both his legs
carried away at Sedan. tSttfi
Jlmson— So he did. He carried them away
himself, pretty fast, I tell you I— London Tit-
Bits.
"Well, Teddy, have you been a good boy to
day 1" asked his mother upon her return
home late in the afternoon.
. "No, ma'am," replied the truthful Ted.
"I hope you have not been a bad boy 7"
"No, ma'am; not a very bad boy and not a
very good boy— just comfortable I"— Harper's
Round Table.
Charitable Old Lady (to little beggar-girl)—
There's some bread for you. It's a day or two
old, but you can tell your mother to take
three or four fresh eggs, a quart of milk, a cup
of sugar, some good butter and half a grated
nutmeg and she can make a very excellent
pudding of It.— Dublin Times.
Kind Old Gentleman (to small boy crying on
the itep)— What is the matter, little boy T
Small Boy— l— p-pop is putting down
c-c- arpet.
"And does that unpleasant task of your
father make you so sorry, then ?"
"N-n-no; pop p-p-pounded his thumb 1"
"Ah! Sympathy for your father's pain. Is
that what makes you weep V
"N-n-no. I 1-l-laughed. "—Christian Advo
cate.
First Pig— And they'll cut us up for pork and
use our skins to make footballs.
Second Pig— Well,- if they ever make a foot
ball out of my skin, I'll be glad I'm not in it—
Puck. __________________
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
m ♦ — ■»
Cream mixed candles, 25c a lb. Townsend'-.*
•— — m .
California Glace Fruits; 50c pound in fine
etched boxes. Townsend's, Palace building. *
Special information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pre..
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.
Town Talk Th fa Week.
The current issue of Town Talk is an un
usually interesting one, even for that lively
and entertaining weekly. An amusing letter
appears from "Assemblyman Dough" at Sac
ramento, in which some of tbe law-makers
are handled in a laughable manner. Music re
ceives considerable attention from an analyti
cal vet just standpoint by the journal's musical
critics. The Saunterer has discovered some
good stories worth telling in his perigrina
tions about town, while society and the drama
are reviewed in readable style. *
"Do yon believe there is anything in the
saying that it is always darkest just before
dawn ?'*
"I don't know anything about it. We've got
a baby at our house and have to keep the light
burning all night."— Cleveland Leader.
Phillips' Kocit island incursions
leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Ble
Grande and Boct Island Bail ways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions t«
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation*
and farther Information, address Clinton Jone*
General Agent Rock Island Hallway, SO -.one
(omary street, ban Franci-er.
A Cough Should Not Be "Seg-kctkd. "Brown's
Bronchial Troches" are a simple remedy and give
immediate relief. Avoid Imitations.
Always keep in the house » bottle of Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral, for throat and lung trouble.,
Your druggist has Ayer's Almanac
Woman of the World (to youthful admirer)-
You seem to know a great deal about married
life. Are you married ?
Youthful Admirer (with ablaze air)— No, but
my father is.-London Household Words.
XEW to-pat:
A MOTHER KNOWS.
Seme Thln-r* People Don't Think of.
"Just why it is that children at the
'breakfast table will beg for a little more
coffee day after day I am unable to say,
except that they have a deeply rooted
desire to have what their parents do in
the way of food and drink. Then I be-
lieve they naturally like something hot to
sip with a spoon. At any rate the de-
mand is there and I'm blest if it isn't
hard to get over when one has three or
four in tbe family. But we can't give our
young folks coffee to drink. Everyone
knows its effect on children, and it seems
almost criminal to set before the innocents
something we know will harm them."
So speaks a thoughtful mother, and to
such the grain coffee, Postum, comes as a
blessine to solve the vexed question.
Dr. W. H. Pierson, "Medical Advance,"
6351 Stewart avenue, Chicago, says: "We
know of your Postum and are very much
pleased with it. Decidedly opposed to the
use of both tea and coffee."
Postum will pass for coffee with nine
out of ten people if tbey are not warned in
advance. It has tho deep seal brown of
old Java and changes to the rich golden
brown of thick Mocha when cream is
added. It is made wholly and entirely of
pure grains of the field, wheat, etc., such
as * are intended by the Creator for
man's use in this latitude. Postum, the
health coffee, can be drunk as freely as
water without any of the ill effects of
- coffee, and in a week or ten days' time the
old coffee-user will note a marked change
In his feelings and flesh. It makes red
blood in the natural way and agrees with
babies or . grown people. Made by the
Postum Cereal Company (Limited) of
Battle Creek, Mich.
Beware of fraudulent imitations of the
original Postum Cereal Grain Coffee. In*
sist on Postum. ; at. Wat __„_,_, StMl
/b___£^ l__£4l___*!i£_f- ff
*■ ' .... » M-i ■
SATURDAY JANUARY 23, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Tiikateh. — Nordica In Grand Opera.
Ma.iuee to-day.
Columbia 1 >ij-atf.b— ■• Devil's Auction. "
. MoBO-COS ».i'i-_.A-Ho.__. — "Aijaln-t the
Etream
Alcazab Tn.ATHK.— "A Fair Rebel."
Ttvoli opeba House.— "Jack and The Bean-
stalk.'
P-pnEUM— mg-t-CI-SS Vaudeville.
People's Falace.— Mahara's Refined Minstrels
aUK ibuth AND SxATXsre Rink.— DaUy -I
J.aight street, one block east of the Park.
fc.uxßO Baths— Bathing and performances.
1 acil.cC oab-i JocKurv v-r.— Races to-day.
AUCTION -ALES.
Tv Fbank W. Bu-rrK-iFiKLD— This day. Jann-
ary 23, Groceries, at cor. Page and Webster sis.,
at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
L. Jacobl has sued R. Simpson of Reedley,
Cal., for 330.
The Potrero hits been recently visited by
two daring burrlars, who have so far evaded
arrest.
Justice U. Healev has been granted a divorce
from Mrs. Percie Healey on the ground of de
sertion.
Cloudy Saturday with fresh northerly winds
and fog in the morning. This is what the
weather bureau promises.
Detective McHattie has a new parrot that
interviews carrier-pi-eons from the Farallones
for news of the Swanhilda.
Harold Lindsay, The Cheat, Doyle, Osrio 11,
Balis busy II aud cabriilo were the winners at
Emeryville track yesterday.
Frofessor Earl Barnes of Stanford spoke yes
terday to the California Kindergarten Train
ing school on "Child Study."
The Supreme Council, Order of Pendo,
closed a tnree days' session on Thursday night
and elected officers for the ensuing year.
The San Francisco Bar Association devoted
three hours yesterday to a revision of its pro
posed constitutional amendment ior judicial
reform.
Mrs. Anne O'Connor has applied for permis-
Fion to do business as a sole trader on the
ground that her husband is not able to sup
port her.
At a meeting of Reinhart's South Sea Colony
last evening an article of the constitution pro
hibiting the buildingof churches or preaching
was adopted.
Precita Valley, that once was a bed of stag
nant, scurvy water, is now undergoing the
modern improvements of grading, sewering
and street paving.
■ As a result of the rate war among fire insur
ance agents their Dusiness on the Pacific Coast
relating to premiums received fell away just
$2,000,000 in 1800.
The fishhawks pursue the carrier-pigeons
flying between the Farallones and the Golden
Gate, and often the winged messengers are
driven back to the island.
The San Francisco and North Pacific Coast
Railroad is bargaining with the Johnson es
tate for Buena Vista Park, which it propones
to turn into a summer resort.
The Miners' Association will present to the
Legislature an amendment to tne mechanics'
lien law that it is believed will be of greater
protection to miners and mine laborers.
The non-arrival of the Swanhilda in this
port has started the speculation in some quar
ters as to her safety, and also as to the possi
bility of Butler attempting to delay the
vessel.
An attempt was made yesterday to induce
the Committee on Judiciary of the Board of
Supervisors to recommend the repeal of the
franchise of the People's Mutual Telephone
Company.
Luman S. Fisher, an employe of Hooker &
Co., and a resident at the International Hotel,
has been missing sixteen days and no one
knows the cause of his disappearance or' his
whereabouts.
But tor two stout hawsers and a quick
witted chief officer the Forfarshire might have
iollowed the Blairmoro to the bottom yester
day. She was light and was nearly turned
over by. the tide.
Richard S. Perry has filed a petition for |
letters of administration on the estate of
Teresa Perry, deceased. Ihe property consists
of a judgment lor $2800 against Margaret Mo
. Avoy and l*m_a McAvoy.
The Madeline arrived yesterday, alter a
. tragic voyage from Callao. One of her oil
tanks exploded, injuring eleven men, and the
duel of which so much has been reported has
turned out to be a murder.
Dave Jones, a colored hostler, was arrested
yesterday on a charee of burg. Another
colored Tnan named W. H. Knox charged him
with entering his room on Christmas day and
stealing a pair of trousers.
D. B. Woolf, secretary of the Supreme Court
Commission, has prepared some valuable stat
istics compiled from the records of the Su
preme Court, which will be laid before the
Judiciary Committee of the Legislature.
Julian Sonntag. president of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, has sent a
dispatch to Speaker Reed at Washington
urging him to allow the Labor Committee of
the House to report the convict labor bill.
A special round-trip rate of $50 from Chi
cago to the Christian Kndeavor Convention to
be held next July in San Francisco, has been
made and there will be a special remodeling
of the Mechanics' Pavilion for the convention.
The election of directors for the Bay City
Soda Company has resulted as follows: 11. A.
Klein. Julius Klein, C. Fatton, C. Turner and
D. F. Shea. The officers are : 11. A. Cline, presi
dent; Julius Klein, treasurer; D. F. Shea, sec
retary.
The books of Judge Campbell's court have
been called for by the Grand Jury, presumably
in connection with the investigation of the re
lease or "0. It." orders the Judge was re
cently accused of having issued most promis
cuously.
John Buckley, guardian of the estate of
Catherine Welch Buckley, an incompetent
person, sometimes called Kate Welch and
Anna Howard, has filed a report in the office
ol the County Clerk showing that on the 31st
of last month the estate had on hand
$11,733 70 in cash.
The members of the San Francisco Turn
Verem will give a grand gymnastic exhibition
and ball at their hail, 323 Turk street, next
Sunday evening, to defray in pan the expense
of sending a team to compete at the quadren
nial prize tournament of the North American
Turners' Union in St. Louis next May.
Sergeant Bidwell, desk officer at the Central
Police Station, testified belore the Grand Jury
yesterday that it was he who changed the date
on that famous "O. R." issued in the Gleason
case by Judge Campbell and that he was given
that discretion by all the police judges. The
jury considers the explanation in the case as
satisfactory. E-£3Si
The San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railway Company has asked the Board of Su
pervisors for exemption from any order that
may De passed to com pel tne use ot any fender
to be generally prescribed for streetcars, the
basis of the request being tbe fact that th.
road is already well equipped with fenders
which have proved their efficacy.
Professor Jordan of Stanford will lecture at
Golden Gate Hall next Thursday night under
the auspices of the ladies of the Mercantile
Library Auxiliary, who have arranged a series
of three interesting entertainments to raise
funds to buy new books for the library. The
first lecture, on the fur seal, will be somethin?
of a resume of Dr. Jordan's recent Government
work in Bering Sea and will be illustrated.
NEW TO-DAY-
ECZEMA
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Cuticura Soap,
a single application of Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Cuticura Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
(yticura
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
___7. ,B D * DO **"> Cum. Co«r., Bole Propt., Botton.
str ' How to Cure Every skin and Blood Humor," tres.
PIMPLY FACES »"3^BriSK •
f-30W-H_N^)-^____-_*-----U--M9B^BaH»aw,l lipill v
INSTRUCTOR BARTH of the San Francisco Turn Verein and the Winning Team of the Last Tournament for
the Championship of California.
"ON TO ST. LOUIS"
IS THEIR CRY
Turn Verein Athletes to
Enter a National
Competition.
Personnel of the Local Competing
Team and the Events
Listed.
Grand Gymnastic Exhibition Next
Sunday Evening in Part to
Defray Expenses.
A grand gymnastic exhibition, concert
and ball will be held at San Francisco
Turn Veiein Hall next Sunday evening.
, It is tendered as a benefit to the members
of the verein who will compete at the
I quadrennial prize tournament of the ■
| North American Turners' Union, to be
I held at St. Louis, Mo., from May 5 to 11.
This is the only team that will go from
San Francisco, but Los Angeles will also
send one. The team is now busy at prac
tice work, and expects to make a very
creditable showing under the coaching of
Instructor R. Earth.
ln team work tne competition will con
sist of a drill with the iron wand, three
exercises on the horizontal and parallel
bars and vaulting over the horse.
The field sports will be divided into
three sections, this arrangement being,
considered tbe best for trying out an all
round athlete.
The first section will consist of the run
nine broad jump, putting the 16-pound
shot and the 100-yard dash.
The second will embrace the running
hop, step and jump, running high jump,
and lifting tho 100-pound weight. The
third includes pole-vaulting, the running
distance high jump and climbing the rope
hand over hand.
There will also be individual work in
all the features enumerated in the forego
ing, in swimming, shooting, club-swing
ing and wrestling.
The competing team will consist of: R.
Barth, instructor; Frank, first leader;
E. Fleischer, second leader; Ed Saalbacb,
William Hoffmann, Fred Koster, Charles
Nagel, Joseph Meyer, Adam Brehm, L.
Rapp, Harry Meyer and E. Kanein.
It is expected that the revenue derived
from next Sunday evening's entertain
ment v.ill in part reimburse the verein for
the amount neces-ary for the team to
enter the competition at St. Louis. The
entrance fee will be 25 cents, and the pro
gramme prepared for the occasion is as
follows:
Overture, orchestra; vaulting on two
horses, first, second and third grade active
members; song, singing section San Francisco
Turn Verein; heavy-weight lifting, Professor
G. Meihling, Olympic Club; fancy drill, with
silver wands, "sixteen active members; fenc
ing, foil, Professor L. Tronchet. Olympic Club,
and pupil, E. Ortlon; broadswords, Ed Saal
bach and He: man Alpen, San Francisco Turn
Verein; horizontal bar performance, best
gymnasts of the various vereins of San Fran
cisco and Oakland; wrestling match, George
Mertes, Manhattan Athletic Club, Fred Hoff
man, Ban Francisco Turn Verein.
The curtain will rise at 8:30 p. M. sharp.
Alter the performance the remainder of
the evening wili be given up to dancing.
PEEOIT A VALLEY OLUB.
Petitions for Improvements and Proa*
pective Protests.
Precita Valley, that for years lay dor
mant at the northern base of Bernal
Heights, known as Mission Creek, is now
undergoing the change brought about by
the introduction of improvement clubs.
This section has been considerably im
proved by the erection of a polytechnic
college and a Catholic church. There are
also numerous respectable families located
there, and as a result the "Mission Creek
that was is the "Sunshine Precita Valley,"
and bas an improvement club that is
determined to make its influence felt at
the City Hail by petitions for street im
provements, notwithstanding the invari
able protest of M. P. Jones, who owns
quite a large slice of the really in that
place, filed against every petition sent in
for the betterment of the locality.
At a meeting of the club at Grahams
Hall last night, with Stephen A. Byrns in
the chair, the Board of Supervisors was
petitioned to order sewers in Florida
street, from Twenty-sixth to Army in
Precita avenue, from its junction with ;
Alabama. Army and York streets; also in
Bryant avenue, from Twenty-sixth to
Army streets. There was a prospect
elicited of further requesting that Bernal
Park be placed in recreation condition
irrespective of the standing protest of M.
P. Jones, on file, against any and all im
provements in that section.
fn order to emphasize this action the
following delegates were elected to the
Affiliated Association of Clubs: Henry
Behrens, John T. Graham, F. Goggin, H.
Young and Joseph Vizzard. With these
gentlemen and Henry Behrens, Joseph
Vii-zard, Jr. Goggin, John T. Graham,
Henry Young, John _5. O'Brien and S. 11.
Byrn, as an executive committee, Precita
Valley will be improved if oersistent
work can accomplish tba: end.
• _.» — * — ■
To Exhibit in Guatemala.
A recommendation will be made to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
Board of Supervisors for an appropriation of
$1000, to assist in making a creditable display
of San Francisco products at the Guatemalan
exposition. The Stale Board of Trade has
become interested in this matter and has
urged that $1500 be appropriated. The con
dition of finances at the new City Hall is such
that the amount will probably be cut down to
$1000, in accordance with the recommenda
tion to be made by the finance committee.
LOUD'S POSTAL BILL.
It Is Severely Condemned by the
Trades aud Labor Alliance.
The San Francisco Trades and Labor
Alliance last evening met and adopted a
resolution condemning the Loud postal
bill introduced into Congress. The reso
lution reads as follows:
Whereas, There is now before the Congress
of the United States a measure known as the
Loud postal bl.l, which bill is Intended to re
duce the annual deficit in the revenues of the
Postoffice Deportment, as revealed by the re
port of the Postmaster-Generai ; and whereas,
the provisions of the aioresaid bill
contemplating, as it doe 6, an increased postal
rate on the periodical literature of the day,
will strike with such staggering severity at
the already struggling labor press as to make
its continued existence doubtful; and whereas,
the triumph of such a measure would but aid
in still further concentrating into the hands
of the wealthy the means by which public
opinion is molded, leaving the poor and op
pressed classes without a medium through
which to check oppression and reprove wrong
doing; therefore be it
Resolved, That the San Francisco Trades and
Labor Alliance, in regular weekly meeting
assembled, does hereby repudiate the Loud
postal bill as at present constructed and rec
ommends to its author a revision based upon
the reduction of the present railway charges
for carrying the mails from 8 cents to 1 cent
per pound, tho rates now being charged by
express companies for the carrying of mer
chandise.
Bishop Newman's Address.
To-morrow afternoon the forty-fourth anni
versary of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion will be observed in the association audi
torium. Mason and Ellis streets, commencing
with a service of song at 2:30 o'clock. Several
City pastors will assist in the exercises. The
Knickerbocker Quartet will sing . and Rev.
Bishop Newman will deliver the anniversary
address. The service will be free to the public,
both ladies and gentlemen. Mr. R. V. Watt,
first vice-president of the association, will
preside. _______________________
REINHART MAY NOT GO,
Religion Troubles the United
Brotherhood of the South
Seas.
A Fight Against the Possible En
trance of tha Missionary Among
Them.
The United Brotherhood of the South
Sea Islands held a meeting last evening to
discuss the constitution. Several of the
members expressed themselves as very
much disgusted with the treatment ac
corded 'heir organization and enterprise
by the Examiner. "We are represented as
a lot ot irresponsible and immoral men
going down to tbe south seas chasing
women," said one of the speakers. "Itis
stated tbat there is not a married man in
the lot, while we all know that is not true.
Tnis is an organization recognizing social
istic principles and its purpose is to estab
lish a colony in good faith to work out
those principles."
The discussion of the meeting chiefly
turned upon an article in the constitution
which declared that every member of the
organization bad a right to and should
not be interfered with in his religious
views, but tbat there should be no
churches built in the colony nor should
there be any preaching.
The point was made tbat in order to
build a church land would have to be
granted and the , colony could refuse to
grant the land, and that would end it.
"But what would prevent a man from
declaring his own house to be a church
and asking the colonists to come and bear
him preach? What right would we have
to prevent that?" asked Reinhart
"You would have no right, Mr. Chair
man. I can answer that," said a member
quietly.
Reinhart said he was the author of this
provision of the constitution, and urged
that it be allowed to remain. Upon a vote
being taken, however, 21 voted to strike
it out, 7 voted in favor of it and 3 declined
to vote. r JMs!ss
Reinhart said that a special meeting
would be called before the colony sailed,
and unless some provision was made to
govern the colony in regard to religion he
would remain behind in San Francisco.
He wanted the missionary to be absolutely
prohibited.
— • — mm — m
CHUTES TO-DAY.
Halght-Street Grounds In Fall Blast
Afternoon and Evening.
The Chutes will be reopened to-day,
and this afternoon and evening Ordway,
a trick bicycle rider, and Brown, the one
legged cyclist, will give exhibitions.
In the evening there will be a mile skat
ing race between two young ladies, and the
animatoscope will show a number of new
pictures on the screen at the foot of the
lake. One of the views is the Empire
State Express running at a rate of seventy
miles an hour. |
There will also be a potato race for boys
in the afternoon.' -
Lost a Finger.
C. T. Trimble, an employe of the St. Nicholas
Laundry, caugnt his hand in a portion of the
machinery yesterday afternoon and before ho
could extricate it the third finger of his right
hand was so badly crushed that amputation
was necessary. Dr. Bonncll performed the
operation. 1 . .-•...
>"ordica's Singing
And all the theatricals are '- crisply and
authoritatively reviewed in to-day's News
Letter.
NEARLY LAY ON
MUDDY BOTTOM
Narrow Escape of the
Coal- Laden Ship For
farshire.
She Came Very Close to Re
peating the Tragic Incident
of the Blairmore.
N.w Regulations for Engineers Now
in Effect in Aus
tralia.
But two hawsers and a quick-witted
chief officer stood between the Forfarshire
and the bottom of the bay yesterday. It
was almost a repetition of the tl.airmore
incident.
The Forfarshire arrived a few days ago
from Sydney, laden with coal, and she
docked at Union street. Before all her
cargo was discharged, the steamer Mono
wai, which arrived here from Australia so
heavily laden witn merchandise that,,
could not carry coal enough for the round
trip, took what was left in the ship's
hold, and the Forfarshire was moved
round beside the Monowai at Pacific
street wharf, and commenced to discharge
what remained of her cargo iuto the
steamer direct.
The Monowai wanted about 300 tons,
and by the time that amount was trans
ferred the Forfarshire was floating like a
cork. Then as soon as the tide com
menced to run it caught her, and she
commenced to heel over.
The men in the hold rushed on deck
and scrambled over the side on to the
Monowai. The bow and stern lines,
which were of steel, snapped with reports
like a pistol, tearing out the bits on the
wharf and on the vessel, and the biz ship
slowly but steadily settled over on her
side.
Chief Officer Graham of the Monowai
saw the danger and he at once set all
hands on two big coir hawsers, and, mak
ing them fast on the Forfarshire, he taut
ened them up on the steamer's winches.
This stopped her list and she rested until
the tide turned. This was on Thursday
night. Yesterday, ballast was dumped
into the hold until the Forfarshire re
gained an even .keel and grew steady
enough to resist the sweep of the water.
The hawsers were made fast before the
ship was well started over, otherwise
nothing would have held her off the
bottom.
Chief Engineer McKaig of the Monowai
brings news of the fact that tbe Australian
Government has adopted a new standard
for engineers. . They will have to serve
live years in a foundry and will have to
show the certificate of a machinist. Ma
rine engineers will also have to serve one
year as oiler, one year as third assistant,
one year as second assistant and one year
as first assistant, before they are passed as
chief engineers. The new law holds good
through all Australia. *
It is understood that tbe Harbor Com
missioners will soon abolish the positions
of superintendent of urgent repairs and
assistant superintendent of urgent repairs.
The new plan is that Cbief Engineer
Holmes shall have charge of all repair
work.
The following notices bave been issued
by tbe Hydrographic Office: , ■ . .
Oregon and Washington— Columbia River-
New dikes and bridges — New survey—lm
provements by the corps of engineers, United
States army, have resulted in the following
additions to tho Improvements in the Colum
bia and Willamette rivers: Two new bridges
across the Willamette River from East- Port
land to Portland. A dike from the west bank
of Willamette River, beginning near the
southeast end of Guilds Lake and running to
Swan Island. A dike on the east side of the
river, cutting off the bite between Wauus
bluff and Saint John. Two small dikes on the
east side of the river, one-half and I one mile,
respectively, below . Gattons - Creek. A long
dike beginning on tho east shore opposite
Willamette Slough and running to the upper
end of Three Tree Island shoal. A dike in the
Columbia River across the head of Oregon
Slough to the head of Hoydens Islend. A dike
on the west bank of the Columbia River
from Deer Island to Deer Island shoal.
A dike on the shoal beginning opposite La
Dv Landing and running to the head of
Walker Island. The dikes in the vicinity of
Woody Island channel : to .online tho water to
this channel. A survey by the corps. of en
fineers, United States army, made in June,
896, shows extensive changes in the hydrog
raphy at the mouth of the Columbia River,
and the buoys marking the channel across tbo
bar have been shifted accordingly. (See No
tice to Mariners, No. 48 (1074) of 1896.) These
changes will next be shown on the next edi
tions of the Coast Survey charts.
Oregon— Siuslaw River entrance— New sur
vey—A survey by the corps of engineers,
United States army, in June, 1893, of the en
trance to Siuslaw River, shows sucn extensive
changes that lhe present edition of the coast
survey chart is no longer reliable, and vessels
should not enter without local knowledge or a
pilot. The changes will be shown on the next
edition of the charts.
Washington — VVlllapa River— dikes-
Changes in hydrography— lmprovements' by
the corps of engineers, United States army,
have resulted In a series of dikes in tne vi
cinity of South Bend, Willapa River, which
have materially increased the depths and
changed the hydrography. These changes will
be shown. on the next editions -of the Coast
Survey charts. ' .*
Washington Swinomiih Slough— Dredged
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Improvements by the corps of en
gineers, United States army, have resulted in
a dredged channel 100 feet wide and 4 feet
deep, from Skagit Bay across the flats into
Swinoniish Slough to La Connr, and a wattled
pile dike 6180 feet long irom a point 400 feet
west from the entrance to the Hole in the
Wall, westerly to a point 300 feet distant from
the northwest point of Coat Island. Au ex
amination made in April, 1896, indicated the
following; changes: A slight shoaling of the
slough proper between La Conner and Padilla
Bay. An increase both in area and elevation
oithe shoal just inside of the Hole in the Wall.
A natural adjustment of the dredged chan
nel from the Hole in the- Wall to Saratoga
passage. A deepening of this channel in
places and shoaling at others. A decided in
crease in depth of this channel from the west
end of the wattled dike to the deep water of
Saratoga passage. These changes will be
shown on the next edition of the Coast Survey
chart.
Washington— Puget Sound, Olymplab haror,
Dredged channel — Improvements by the corps
of engineers, Unitea States army, have re
sulted in a dredged channel 400 feet wide and
6 feet deep into the wharf at Olympia.
Near the wharf the channel widens to 500 ieet
to afford a turning basin. Dredging is still in
operation. The next edition of the Coast Sur
vey charts will show the channel to its full
proposed dimensions.
HAVE TENDERS ALREADY.
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Hoad Is Satisfactorily Equipped.
The San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company had a petition yes
terday before the Health and Police Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors asking
that the road might be exempted from
any genera ] order making it mandatory
upon streetcar companies of this City to
affix such fenders as may be adopted by
the board to all of their cars. The com
pany has filed with the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors a drawing of a lender spe
cially designed for use on its cars and also
a petition" asking that the use of such
fender be approved. This fender has
twice been tried before a committee of the
Supervisors and has twice demonstrated
its efficiency. Since May, 1894, there bave
been only two end-on accidents on '.he
line. One man was struck while lying be
tween the rails on a dark night on the
county division of the road. The other
case was where a boy lost one foot by the
wheels.
CAMPBELL'S RELEASES,
The Grand Jury Has Them
All Explained to Their
Satisfaction.
A GiTzler's Bill lor Work at the
G.rls' High School Is Criti
cized.
! The Grand Jury yesterday heard the
testimony of Desk Sergeant Bidwell con
cerning that "O. R." issued in the Glea
son case, upon which the date was changed
and which served as the basis. for the
jury's investigation of Judge Campbell's
methods with regard to "O. R.s" and
other things. Sergeant Bidwell testified
tbat it was he who changed the date; that
he as desk sergeant at the Central Police
station was given authority to do such
things by all the Police Judges, that is, to
correct any , evident error, such as the
date.
Judge Campbell was also before the jury,
and in answer to questions explained
many things about the Police Courts, some
of which should be corrected. So far as
the 0. R.B are concerned, the jury com
pletely exonerates Judge Campbell.
Chairman Kast of the committee on
schools made a report concerning the ap
paratus purchased for use at the labora
tory of the Girls' High School. From
inquiry made and inspection bad at the
school they believe the JSOGO was judi
ciously and wisely expended on the lab-
oratory.
"Unfortunately for the school," says
the roport, "one of the rooms set apart for
tbe laboratory has for a period of more
than five months been in the possession
cf and occupied by the carpenters, to the
total exclusion of pupils, while making
drawers, shelving for tables, window and
door frames, all of this class of work being
essentially mill work. In other words, all
of the work done and being done at the
Girls' High School could have been made
at a mill and then put up at the school
within a month."
No complaint is made of the quality of
the work done.
The report says further:
The attention of the Grand Jury is called to
tbree bills of December 28, 29 and 31, 1896,
for a total of $222 15 for furnishing glass and
glazing same at laboratory and. conservatory
of the Girls' Hign School, by P. J. Walsh.
Your committee learns the actual cost of
glass furnished as specified In his bill to be
$66. Allowing the glazier ior big work $31 and
a profit of 30 per cent on his cost. $29 10, we
find a total of $126 10, which we submit is a
lair remuneration for the amount of goods
furnished and work done. Your committee
are Informed that had the work been let on
bids it could have been done for $100.
Bargains In Cloaks.
One of the greatest bargain sales ln ladles'
cloaks ever held in San Francisco has been the
offering during the past few days at the great
closing out sale of Armand Cailleau, corner of
Geary street and Grant avenue. The entire
stock, however, has not been disposed of, and
the balance is now being closed out at the
same phenomenal bargains that have marked
this sale as one of the | greatest opportunities
ever offered to the ladles of this city for the
purchase of cloaks. *
To Ee.nce Gas Lights.
Colonel Taylor, Inspector of Gas and Water,
says he thinks 113 gas lights, now In street
use, can be dispensed with; also, mat the
lights can be suspended eight nights "per
month. Last year 164 street gas lights were
discontinued.
FIFTY DOLLARS
FROM CHICAGO
The Round-Trip Rate to
Christian Endeavor
Convention.
.■-■•.■■■'■■■•.•"
Special Amphitheater Arrange
ment in the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The Public Cautioned to Pay No Money
Except by Check to Treasurer
W. H. Crccker.
The Western Passenger Association at
its meeting yesterday in Chicago decided
to make a round- trip rate of $50 from
Chicago to San Francisco for the Chris
tian Endeavor convention, to be held in
this City from July 7to 12 next A rate
of $46 50 from St. Louis and Memphis was
also made for the round trip.
This is one of the cheapest transconti
nental rates that has ever been made, and
out of the 2,000,000 and over of Christian
Endeavor members from 25,000 to 30,000
are expected to attend the convention
here.
There will be special decorations of tte
streets and stores with the Christian En
deavor colors, purple and gold, during
convention week, and with the Fourth of
July decorations, most of which will in
all probability not have been taken down,
the street scenes promise to be quite gor
geous. ;
The Mechanic.' Pavilion is to be trans
formed for the . Christian Endeavor con
vention to be held in San Francisco this
year, lt was so decided at a meeting of
the Christian Endeavor '97 convention
committee Thursday night, when Percy &
Hamilton, the architects, were given
charge of the work.
The intention is to turn the interior of
the Pavilion into a vast amphitheater
capable of seating at least 10,000 persons.
About this part of the plan there is said
to be little or no difficulty, but a studied
effort will be made to so arrange the
auditory as to insure every member of the
audience distinctly hearing the speakers-
For the acoustic arrangements it is pro
posed that a sub-roof some distance above
the gallery will be erected to cover the
whole amphitheater and prevent the
sound from losing itself overhead.
Another feature will be a choir with
2000 seats for the singers who will partici
pate at the various exercises. Woodward's
Pavilion has also been engaged.
The matter of badges was discussed.
The committee desired if possible to have
the badges made in San Francisco, but so
far are unable to get a satisfactory design
for manufacture here at reasonable ex
pense. So the committee on decorations
was instructed to make further efforts in
that direction. It was agreed that 25,000
badges should be ordered.
The committee on music was appointed
as follows: J. J. Morris, W. C. Stadfeldt,
Martin Schultz, Robert Evans, Rev. John
Rea, O. M. Vesper, C. E. Lloyd, H. K.
Snow, Robert Husband, 8. H. Roberts,
William F. Hoke, C. M. T. Parker, A. T.
Sutherland, E. Meredith, J. M. Robinson
and C. H. Tebbs.
The executive committee will soon issue
a iinancial circular to those who promised
NEW TO-DAY.'
alevT
DEPARTURE!
SPECIAL SALE
rootTherbs,
? ■■_'.• One of .
Our Customers. ETC.,
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY!
NOTE PRICES :
Sarsaparilla R00t.... per pound 20c j
Sage " *' * 5c j
Senna Leaves " " 20c j
Dog-grass... " " " 20c .
Sassafras Bark " " 15c
Chamomile Flowers " " 25c
Juniper Berries " " 15c
Elder Fiowers " " 25c
Buchu Leaves — , " ". 25c
Marsh Mallow " " 30c
White Oak Bark " " 20c
Boneset " " 250
Catnip " " 25c
Horehound " " 2_c
All others at proportionately low prices.
jBST We guarantee all our herbs the FRESHEST
money can buy.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
958Marl-.et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and sixth.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
LADD'S GUN STORE
HAS REMOVED TO 421 KEARNY STREET.
Fire Arms, Fishing Tackle and Sporting Goods.
Highest Cash Price for Raw Furs all kinds.
-
KEW TO-LAY— A MUS i* -LENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbps.>.ii>. X k ei.i.vpp>. Proprietor -• -laa*.- -
—LAST "NIGHTS—
Of Our Holiday Spe:tacle,
JMKANDTHEBHNSML^
■.fTT Tnf MARITANA.
— —LOOK OUT FOR— —I; L J
____. Ij .3D X -XT!
A Hodge-Podge of
MIRTH, MUSIC, BALLET AND
BEAUTY.
Podul"»** Prices .....25c and 500
A I PA 7A D ' Hurrah for Uncle Sam
MLUH-LMili And (be Star, and Stripe.
Grand Matinee To- Day a*. 2. Evening at 8.
The Great War Play.
"A FAIR Rtßt-L!"
•Don't Miss the Libby Prison Scene!
See the Laying of Telegraph Lines !
Hear ihe >les_age_octiially Ticked Out!
GEORGE OSBOUKNE, HUGO TOLAND
' '■' And All the Favorites. '
100 Men of Co. L, Ist Reg., ST. (i. C, on the Stage.
Our Regular Prices. - Phone for seats— Black 991. 1
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
——LAST 2 NIGHTS 'OF— —
BIG HIT THE CAKEWALK.
MONDAY, JANUARY 25,
Bristol's Wonderful Educated Horses!
J^kJ) . > ' '. NEW '. TO-DAY. ,
1 Smouldering fires |
if of old disease ji
| of old disease ;
/> lurk in the blood of many a Si
S) man, who fancies himself in o[
C good health. Let a slight fl
,') sickness seize him, and the 4i
Y> old enemy breaks out anew. <<[
<£ The fault is the taking of |[ -
C medicines that suppress, in- $>
5) stead of curing disease. You «,
'ft can eradicate disease and ?i|
c purify your blood, if you use »
>) the standard remedy of the <X
{>l world, «
|j Ayer's j;
| Sarsaparilla. |
!
contributions, cautioning them not pay
except by checks to the order of the treas
urer, W. H. Crocker. In this letter an
announcement will be officially made that
the committee is not indorsing any adver
tising; schemes—a measure already con
sidered advisable, as programmes and the
like are likely to be got up by people with
out proper sanction.
J. ti. Webster, v.ce-chairman of"the com
mitle, wiil leave for the East next Mon
day on business connected with the con
vention. While in Chicago he will confer
with the Pullman Palace-car Company,
with a view of securing special concessions
on tickets of excursionists to the great
gathering.
It was decided to invite the Mayor and
Governor to deliver addresses of welcome
to the visiting Endeavorer..
1
Lawyer Haskell's Proposed Disbarment.
In Judge Slack's court Attorney Young yes
terday renewed the application for the disbar
ment of Attorney Burnette G. Haskell, who
was accused of crooked work in connection
with funds belonging to a client. Judge Slack
set tne case for bearing on the 23th inst.
jfjsw to-dat:
The worst tea in the
world is drunk in the United
States.
Try Schilling's Best —
your grocer will sell you a
package, and pay you back
your money in full if you
don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 61*
MEW TO-DAT—AMtISEMENTS.
TSitW^WItfICOTTLPD _?• LtsiMA.iD*vu*AoWJ--
IF YOU ~T T0
WANT | SEE A
GREAT BIG CROWD
COME THIS AFTERNOON*.
ALL THE PREMIERES,
SECONDOS, BALLKTS,
SPECIALTIES
And Many Other Features
'100 Numerous to Mention
—'■ IX THE
JEVILIAUCTMr
GRAND TRANSFORMATION..
BRING THE CHILDREN, SURE.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A _ Haymax _• Co. (Incorporated) .Propri.:j;i
NORDICA OPERATIC CONCERTS
Direction A). Hayman, Klaw & Erlanger.
Matinee To-Day Last act "SIEGFRIED."
CmT- SUNDAY EVE., Grand Extra Concert.
BRILLIANT PROGRAMME.
Gounod's "Aye Maria,' trio from " Faust "and
quartet from " Kigole'.to."
MONDAY NEXT-- WEEKS ONLY.
MODJESKA.
Assisted by JOSEPH A WORTH and Corn-lets
Company.
First week—Five Nights and Matinee, "Magda."
Saturday Night, "Mary Stuart."
Monday, Fob. 1— "Macbeth."
REGULAR BALDWIN PRICES.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIa Lessee and Maa.i.__.-
First Presentation on the Pacitio Coast
Of the Emotional Melodrama. ' *; .*,
AGAINST THE STREAM!
An Intensely Interesting Story of Love
and Hatred, Tragedy and Comedy.
MARVELOUS FIRE SCKNE!
Excruciatingly Fnnny Specialties !
Thrilling and Exciting Situations of
Living Interest.
Fvenln. Price*— luc, 'i~>c and s"»i.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). Jan. 24.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairi
and Box Sea s, 50c.
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY "7
-' The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Earth.
BINNS AND BINNS. the Musical Comedians.
WILSON AND WARING,
. The Tramp and Dancing Girl..
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra,
NILSSON'S AERIAL and KIRALFY'S GRAND
OI'KHA BALLET*—KNTIKK CHANGE.
The Hungarian Orchestra in concert in the Or-
pheum Annex immediately after the performance.
THE CHUTES.
GKR/EC-ft-T -DAY TO-DAY I
AFTERNOON
Ordway, the Trick Bicyclist ; Brown,
the One-Legged Chute Coaster,
and Potato Race.
EVENING .
TWO-MILE BICYCLE CONTEST,
. ORDWAY. BROWN,
New Scenes br the Animatoscope,
AND LADIES' MILE SKATING RACE.
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
OACINGI RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-
WINTER MEETING. 1896--97,
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Rain or Shine.
FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start ac a: 15 P. M. ■ Sharp
Ferry lioats lrave san Francisco at 13 M. an-4
12:30.1 .00, 1:30, 2:00, _-.30 and 3 p. v.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning—Trains leave the Track at 4:15 aai
4 vi p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOU ASH. WILLIAMS JR, FreatUent.
R.B. MILROY, secretary. V
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. It, to 6 P. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission—Adults
25c. Children 1 20c.
General Admission, 10c; Children, 5c,.
78
ALL KINDS OF SPORT.
Champion Wheelmen Will Ride To-Day*
Angling, Rifle-Shooting and Athletics*
Any lover of wheeling who has an in
terest in first-class racim. should not miss
the sport that will be carried off to-day at
the Velodrome track. Ziegler and the
crack Canadian rider will be among the
speedy ones who will contest in the races,
and record-smashing is expected.
The California Athletic Club (revived)
has announced that an entertainment
will be given in this City under its aus
pices next month. Van Buskirk and
S'elzner will fight in Sacramento on
Wednesday evening, and it is said that
the winner will be matched against Jef
fries of Los Aneeles.
Anglers are having good sport, as latest
intelligence from the Russian River and
Santa Cruz brought good news to the
fraternity.
Several baseball games will be played
to-morrow and a meeting of Gaelic foot
ball players will beheld in Golden Gate
Park.
THE WHEELMEN.
Zieorler, California Champion, and
Loughead, Canadian Champion,
Will Ride To-Day.
The meet to be held at the Velodrome
this afternoon, for the benefit of the
League of American Wheelmen, will be
the bet ever given in the State. This
seems a broad assertion, but- te is justified
by the splendid programme arranged and
the high class of the periormers. The
fastest amateur talent on the coast and a
score of the speediest professional riders
in the United States will compete, and
with the excellent opportunities for train
ing and conditioning themselves the con
test ought to be very exciting.
There will be fun enough in the four
open events to suit the most exacting,
coupled with the Velodrome shield race,
and this was the programme prepared for
last Saturday, when the meet had to be
postponed owing to rain. The adaee
about an ill wind, and so forth, held good
in this case, lor not only did the addi
tional week time give the men a chance
to get into better form, but the L. A. W.
people also secured the services of Fred J.
Loughead, the Canadian champion, and
OTTO ZIEGLER.
popular Otto Ziegler Jr., California's speed
iest rider, for two exhibitions, and the
entry of Hardy Downing, the San Jose
flyer, in the open events.
Ziegler will prove a great drawing card,
not only because of his deserved popu
larity, but because of his known speed,
and the fact that he is seldom seen on
California tracks, having cast his fortunes
with the National circuit chasers against
America's speediest cracks for the past
three years. Every one remembers how
he won three National championships and
everything else worth bavins- at the big
Denver meet in 1894. In 1896, although
several times suffering bad falls which
kept him from riding, and finally break
ing his arm, he finished sixth on the per
centage table. He is the same Otto
Ziegler now, however, in perfect physical
trim, and the performance he will give at
the Velodrome this afternoon will be
worth going miles to see.
Fred Loughead, the Canadian, arrived
here with Dave Shafer, the celebrated
trainer, last Saturday night. Shafer was
already well known here and Loughead
soon made scores . of new friends by his
quiet, unostentatious demeanor, and com
manded respect among the racing men by
his record of filth position on the percent
age table of the National circuit, one point
ahead of Ziegler.
The league people - wanted - to
ride at the meet last Saturday, but he
pleaded lack of condition. With the
week's postponement, however, this rea
son for not appearing vanished. When
TerriU, Wells and the other "pros" went
to San Jose early this week they soon had
Otto thoroughly enthused with the idea,
and wben I wired him yesterday asking
him if he would ride to-day and help the
meet along by appearing his reply was
prompt and to the point: "Will ride ex
hibition with pleasure to help success of
meet. Otto Ziegler Jr." This was prefaced
by a message from Trainer Shafer, to
whom I had written, urging him to use
his influence with Ziegier to have him
ride and asking if Longhead was not in
sufficiently fast condition to appear: "My
services at your disposal; Loughead and
Ziegler will ride. . D. G. Shafer."
Chief Consul Kerrigan, when seen last
night on his return from the San Jose
meet, said: "I am deeply gratified at the
turn of affairs, and think we bave the
greatest attractions for to-morrow's meet
ever presented to a California audience.
We owe thanks to Dave Shafer, Charlie
Wells, Bob TerriU, Ziegler and Loughead
and a whole lot of others, including your
self, for hearty co-operation in malting
ttiis meet the big success it will be. I
look for broken records and the hottest
contests ever seen on a track here to
morrow. I'll see you out there." And he
was off to attend to some little details.
Perhaps there is no cause more worthy
of the support of all wheelmen, and to a
certain extent the public in general, tban
tbe League of American Wheelmen, and
the North California Division, for whom
tbis benefit is being arranged, is at present
creatly in need of funds. Besides its
•Vv
work for good roads, which is constantly
going on, there is the bicycle baggage bill
now before the Legislature, which ought
to pass, and the division is confronted
with the absolute necessity of sending
several delegates to the National assembly
of the league, to be held at Albany,
N. V., next month, in order that Califor
nia may be properly represented and se
cure its due along with the other divisions.
If to-day's meet is the financial success it
is expected to be, and the advance sale of
seats is so large as to warrant the predic
tion that it will exceed expectations, the
division will be "on velvet" for a while,
with the result that its members and
wheelmen generally may expect many
benefits from it.
The Wanderers have moved from their
old quarters at Nineteenth and Guerrero
streets to the lower floor of Mission Opera
Hall, 2131 Mission street. They" have the
entire hall and are fixing up very com
fortable clubrooms. The limit of twenty
formerly placed upon the membership of
the club is to be increased to thirty-five.
Thomas E. Bailey has been re-elected
captain.
Captain Argenti has notified the mem
bers ot the Camera Club Cyclists If they
desire a nice short country ride to-morrow
to meet at tbe 9 A. if. creek route boat.
The run will be from the foot of Broadway,
Oakland, via San .f ado avenue, Berkeley,
Teraescal and San Leandro. The club
will have a run to Palo Alto, Sunday,
February 7.
The East Oakland Wheelmen held an
enjoyable entertainment and dance last
evening at Washington Hall, East
Oakland.
Delegates to the board of officers of the
North California Division, League of
American Wheelmen, are urged by Chief
Consul Kerrigan to be present at a meet
ing of the board to be held Monday even
ing at 441 Golden Gate a7enue, as consid
erable important business will come up
for consideration.
The following is the latest bulletin of
the racing board :
BULLETIN NO. 30.
January 22, 1897.
Sanctions Granted January 22, Garden City
Cyclers, San Jose; January 23, The Velodrome,
San Francisco; February 22, The Velodrome,
San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Records Accepted— Two-thirds
ol a mile, competition, professional, Walter F.
Fos'er, San Francisco, December 5, 1896,
1:27 1-5.
Two-mile flying, unpaced, tandem, amateur,
George E. Dixon and Charles Kraft, San Fran
cisco, December 5, 1896, 4:21 2-5.
Three-mile flying, unpaced, tandem, ama
teur, George E. Dixon and Charles Kraft, San
Francisco, Decembers, 1896, 6:38 4-5.
Four-tulle fl 'ing, unpaced, tandem, amateur,
George £. Dixon - and Charles Kraft, San
Francisco, December 5, 1896, 8:55.
Five-mile flying, unpaced, tandem, amateur,
George £. Dixon and Charles Kraft, San Fran
cisco. December 5, 1896. 11:09 4-5.
Transferred to Professional Class— Frank A.
Coty, Myron A. Hill, Pasadena. Cal ; Freeman
Parker, Ukiah, Cal.. clause A; J. M. Long,
Phoenix, Ariz., clause C. K. M. Welch.
Member National Racing Board.
Robert C. Lennie left for Chicago
Wednesday night to attend the annual
cycle show there. When it is over on the
30th be will journey to New York to at
tend the New York show and the National
Assembly of the League of American
Wheelmen at Albany
The Bay City Wheelmen will commence
a cribbage tournament Saturday evening,
January 30. Suitable prizes are to be 01
--iered, and it is expected the contests will
prove very interesting, as the game has
quite a hold on many oi the members.
James Joyce Jr., the popular Columbia
representative so well and favorably known
dunng the short time he made California
his home, writes me from the East send
ing his regards to all Iriends here and says
he wishes he was back in the land of sun
shine, fruit and flowers once more. Joyce
probably made mora frieuds on the coast
than any other Eastern traveling man in
th. same line, and the beauty of it is he
has kept them.
There has been a great deal more talk
about chainless wheels tban the output
for 1897 would warrant. The chances are
thai chainless wheels will be few and far
between, and that the scheme will be
more experimental than anything else.
Of course eh.. in less wheels mean death to
tbe gear ca>e, but ad interim let us : have
a gear case until the chainless idea is per
fected. Sufficient unto the day, etc.
Ail the arrangements have been com
pleted for the annual cycle show, to be
held at tbe Grand Central Palace, New
York, from February 6 to 13. The Chicago
show opens to-night and lasts a week. The
number of exhibits at both shows will
eclipse any previous shows ever held. At
the New York show one of the features
will be the exhibition for the first time of
all the prizes won by Arthur A. Zimmer
man, the champion of the world.
The visitor to tbese great cycle shows
will notice in the 1897 models and acces
sories tbat the manufacturers have this
year given much consideration and
thought to the perfection of details. They
bave overcome many little rough points
heretofore overlooked by the trade. The
American wheel of to-day is far ahead of
its English competitor in perfection and
finish. Possibly this is the reason the
American maker bas been able to produce
a lighter and at the same -time equally as
serviceable a bicycle as the foreign maker.
The Garden City Cyclers will have a
minstrel entertainment next Friday even
ing. Much time and care have been spent
in the preparation of the olio and special
ties, and the members of the troupe are in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
Picturesque Features of the Famous Piute Baseball Team, Which Will Open Here To-Morrow Week
constant practice evenings. It will be a
great show. Spalding.
\ THE ANGLER.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Cross
Captured a Net In Russian
River.
In last week's angling department an
nouncement was made that the net fisher
men who ply their vocation at the mouth
of the Russian River were using nets the
meshes of whicb are smaller than the law
allows. The result of this expose was that
on Wednesday last Deputy Fish Commis
sioner Cross seized a net which was
stretched in such a manner across the
river as to prevent any of the fishessteel
head trout from ascendine the stream.
Ii is hoped that the owners of the net
will make application for it. Certainly
they should do so if they are of the opin
ion that they were not transgressing the
laws of the State. But they know better,
and the result will be that tne net will
remain "at ease" until it rots before a
claimant puts in an appearance. Deputy
Cross has done valuable service while in
the employ of the commission, and it is
hoped that be will continue to rid the
river of such obstructions to the breeding
fishes as are inimical to the good work
which the State Fish Commissioners are
striving hard to accomplish.
Deputy Commissioner Davis returned
from Point Reves last Thursday and re
ported at headquarters that he had
watched carefully by sunlight and moon*
light for the fishermen who had been
netting steelheads in the lagoon at the
mouth of Paper-mill Creek without result.
"All that I could discern that had any
resemblance to poachers under the light
of the silvery moon," said Davis, "were
two old tree-stumps, which are lodged on
the bank of the creek not far distant from
t ie 'sand-pit,' and I guess some fellow
who nad imbibed pretty freely at the
point imagined when on his way to his
country residence that the stumps in
question were fishermen, and then circu
lated the report that net fishing was going
on at night."
Possibly the free stumps may have at
tracted the attention of some bucolic who
was feeling gay during the week past, but
it is a fact, nevertheless, that the fisher
men were seen in the act of seining steel
heads near the sandspit,. and no better
authority can be introduced than Billy
Kittle ofthe Country Club, who witnessed
the seining of the stream in the company
of a gamekeeper vt the club. Thomas
Irvine, a trainer of hunting dogs, also
witnessed the seining of the creek in the
early morning about two weeks ago, and
when the fishermen saw him approaching
they pulled up their net and rowed down
the- bay, evidently surmising that he was
a Deputy Fish Commissioner.
It is presumed that when Davis lodged
at Point Reyes on a hunt for poachers
word was dispatched to the fishermen to
be on their guard and they wisely avoided
a clash with the determined deputy. An
occasional visit to Point Reyes may place
the deputy in a position to secure a cap
ture when his presence in the vicinity is
not looked for.
Anglers are having good sport in the
Russian River, and John Gallagher still
holds the championship for having landed
the greater number of fish this year. Last
Sunday the anglers who were trolling for
steelheads enjoyed a sp.'endid feast on the
river's bank.
The first fish of the day was caught by
Mrs. Wilson, and the lady cooked it on
the sands of time. Needless to remark
that it was thoroughly enjoyed by those
present, among whom were John Butler,
Captain G. Watson, M. L. Cross, John
Gallagher, W. R. McFarland, C. H. Linn,
J. M. Kallooh, John Schloen, Louis Loux,
G. W. Morgan and Judge Ev.ins.
The river is now in the finest condition
possible, and doubt le*s there will be a
rush of anglers to Duncans Mills to-day.
Three fishes were caught last Sunday at
Point Reyes. A young man named
"Andy" ianded two, and a stranger who
visited the point for the first time hooked
and landed a beautiful steelhead that
scaled sixteen and a half pounds.
GUN AND DOG.
Hunters Should Refrain From
Shooting at Homing Pigeons.
The season when sportsmen can, under
tbe game laws of this State, bag quail or
wild ducks is rapidly drawing to a close,
therefore it behooves those who contem
plate a few days' outing in the uplands in
quest of quail to take advantage of the
present splendid weather (or hill tramp
ing, as a heavy rainstorm may arrive at
any time.
The lovers of quail-shooting, and es
pecially members of the Tamalpais and
Country clubs, have bad excellent sport
this season, as birds were plentiful and
tbe weather was all thai could be desired
by the most fastidious sportsman.
Duck-shooting is yearly growing worse,
and the decrease in the numbers of
"quackers" is attributed to the large ex
tent of level country in the southern
part of the State, wbich is saturated with
the overflows from irrigating ditches.
. Latest intelligence from Los Banos is to
the effect that tbe sportsmen of that city
and Sacramento who recently visited the
duck grounds near the town of Los Banos
bad splendid shooting, and that the birds
bagged were principally widgeon, sprig
and spoonbill.
Donald and Pete Mcßae bagged 104
ducks last Sunday in the marshes near
Alvarado.
Charles Cate discovered, on -reaching
"the exclusive Katie's preserve," which is
about seven miles distant from Mowrey's
last Sunday, that the mallards which he
bad calculated upon bagging were in pos
session of a small army of San Jose hunt
ers, who recently discovered Cate's green
head ponds.
W. Corrigan and a friend shot near Al
varado last Saturday, and returned with
twenty-five "mud-diggers." S. .
W. McDonald, who also shot on the
Alvarado marshes,' had fairly good snort.
;* The Empire Gun Club is making great
preparations for the coming season of
trap-shooting. The directors of the club
decided at a recent meeting to offer ; a
splendid diamond medal to, all partici
pants who desire to enter a fifty- bird, race,
which will be held on the club's grounds
on the second Sunday of each month dur
ing the clay-bird season. The contestant
who scores the greater number of breaks
at the end of the sixth month will become
possessor of the beautiful prize. The first
shoot will be held on the second Sunday
in March.
The secretary of the Homing Pigeon
Society requests hunters to refrain from
shooting at pigeons, as many valuable
homers have been shot recently while on
a journey to and from some point. Every
sportsman is aware tbat wild pigeons are
seldom seen flyine singly, and it can be
safely said that a true sportsman will sel
dom raise a gun to shoot at one of those
birds. It is therefore to be hoped that the
hunter who makes no distinction between
birds that may come within range of bis
gun will, at least, permit the pigeon free
passage in the delivery of a message that
may be of great importance to the recipi
ent.
Messrs. Lemmer, Cotrell, Brooks and
, Johnston returned from Antioch with
low birds last Monday. They contend
that duck-shooting in the vicinity o! An
tioch will not amount to anything until A
storm sweeps away a heavy fog which has
been hanging over the ponds that are fre
quented by the ducks for some weeks past.
It is hoped that the Pacific Kennel
Club will conclude to disband« and the
Olympic Gun Club will decide upon giving
a bench show in this City in May or June.
The gun club has among its members sev
eral stanch friends of the do-;, and having
the proffered support of the St. Bernard
and Fox Terrier clubs it is safe to say that
a bench show held under the auspices of
the Olympic Gun Club would prove a most
successful affair.
The season for shooting game birds will
end on the 15th of February, and then the
trap-shooting devotees wiil open fire on
bluerocks.
FOOTBALL.
Meeting of Gaelic Football Players
In Golden Gats Park.
The game of intercollegiate football,
which is to take place to-morrow at the
California League grounds, Sixteenth and
Folsom streets, between the Green C'sand
the Valley D's, promises to be the most
interesting game played there this season.
The game is of vital interest to Company D
of the League of the Cross Cadets, as the
Valley D's team is composed of members
of that company.
In all other matters Company D lead
the companies of the League o. the Cross,
but until tbe present time bave had no
team to represent them on the gridiron,
and they are therefore anxiously awaiting
the outcome of to-morrow's games. It is
reasonable to suppose tbat being so pro
gressive in other matters they will not be
found wanting to-morrow.
The Green Cs are already well known
to lovers of the game, having demonstra
ted, on various occasions, tneir ability to
play. Since their last game they bave
lost some of their best players, out can be
depended upon to do their share of the
playing. The following is the line up:
Valley D's. Position. Green f.'*s.
Miller K. K. D. O'Brien
Mohun R. T. Ii K. Garcey
Lyon*...' R. G. L. Daly
Coni»-v ....C I'e_._n
Mctiurren L. G. R. McDonald
Atkinson L. T. X ...Garety
Heir-v I* K. R McO'lalch c
Carrol Q. 8... J. O'Brien
McKever.... '..".K. H. L... Atkinson
Crawford L. II- R Krllnsflielm
Hewson P. Regan
v The following letter from Jerome Dono
van, past president of the Gaelic Athletic
Association of California, is self-explana
tory:
Sporting Editor Call— Sir: The Gaelic
At. .1. tic Association is about to reorganize,
and with the assistance oi such well-known
societies as the Celtic Union add Knights of
the Red Branch and other kindred bodies who
have consented to aid and assist in the move
ment a bright tuture is in store for sports and
games of Irish origin.
Arrangements are now being perfected
toward the selection of the best material in
the former Gaelic Football League, which,
added to the splendid lot of players who have
arrived from the old sod during the past few
years, gives assurance that the games and
sports of Ireland will be presented in a man
ner never before attempted here.
No clubs, captains or other officers have as
yet been selected, as all matters incidental to
the formation of clubs, teams, etc., will be de
termined on Sunday next, January 24, at the
ball grounds in Golden Gate Park at 2 p. M..
when all who are dcs rous of forwarding the
association or participating in the games
should attend.
It is on the cards that the famous Celtic
team of Chicago, 111., have expressed a desir.
to meet the California Gaels in football and
tuning if sufficient inducements in the mat
ter of railroad fares and Incidentals are forth
coming. It is the purpose of the organizers
of this movement to leave no stone unturned
to gratify the wishes of the Windy City Irish
men and perhaps show them a thing or two
about the effects of our glorious climate from
an athletic standpoint.
if reorganization succeeds the Chicago team
may be expected here for July 3d or 4th next.
Respectiully, Jerome Donovan,
President late G. A. A.
BASEBALL.
Santa Claras Play the San Francisco
Athletic Club To-Morrow.
Three games will be played at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds to-morrow. The
Postoffice team will* plav the Morning
Calls at 10 a. m. the Galloway Lithograph
ing Company team play the Dick-nan
Jones at 12 m., and the Calilornia Markets
will line up against the Evening Posts at
2 p.m. ___-ta9-__-_i
The Invincibles would like to cross bats
with the Calliopians on January 24. Ad
dress I. Cohn, 1421 Golden Gate avenue.
The . Conway & Baumel baseball team
would like to bear from any of the teams
now playing at Central Park. The Con
way & Baumels have met . and defeated
some of the strongest teams in the State,
and they would like to add some more
victories: to their list. Address all chal
lenges to Captain J. McCormick, 604 Ten
nessee street. C
.; Baseball is surely on the boom. All the
ball grounds last Sunday , had baseball
games in full blast from sunrise to sunset,
and most every game was well ' played;
even tbe clubs that are not known put up
very good ball. It will not be long before
there will be more plovers ready lor tbe
professional ranks in San .Francisco tban
any city in the world according to its size.
Why? Because the sport can be indulged
in from January 1 to December 31.
To-morrow the two best ", teams \on • the
coast will come together at Central Park.
The ease with which the Santa Clara Ath
letic Club beat the San : Francisco Violets
shows them to be a great aggregation.
Their team work is good not only in the
field but at the bat, and in base-running
each piayer seems to know exactly what
the other one is going to do. This is on a
line with the San Francisco Athletic Clnb'a
system of play, and when these teams
meet on the diamond next Sunday a great
game will result.
Special arrangements have been made
to brine all Santa Clara up to see the
game, and the San Francisco Athletic
Ciub promises not to be behind in having
its friends out in numbers to look after its
interest when applause is needed. Below
is the line-up:
Santa Claras. Position. 8. F. Ath. Club,
rah am Cat i D Is
Sleffaul Pl.cher Raymond
Farry F:r<t base Ford
< arera Second bas"?....Van X orden
G. Foley Thin base... ....Henderson
F. Foley Shortstop Joh i: son
Drah Left field Hhean
Kubinson Center fie1d...... Spellman
Ferelra Right field Relsso
The following is the prospective line-up
of the Piute baseball team, which will
open to-morrow at Central Park:
Pitcher Willie Clay-Aqnatra 4
Catcher Willie Addle— Zubie 3
First base Johnny Dock— Chick wa 1
Second base Johnny Somers— Die 7
Third base.. Johnny Bowman— Dahn 9
(Shortstop Frank Rhoades— Dabuke 8
.Left field Louie James— Sputta 2
Center held Joe Green— Wishshon 6
Right field Artch Y_awadsa 10
Captain -_ W. T. Roberts— Moo _
Mascot ."Mc Klnkley"
BOXING.
The Manhattan Club Will Entertain
Its Members Monday Evening.
The California Athletic Club, which has
been slumbering for some years, has at
last been resurrected by the famous
master of pugilistic ceremonies, Billy
Jordan, and the newly appointed direc
tors state that an entertainment will be
given on the evening of February 22 at
Woodward's Pavilion.
As has been already stated, the pugilists
who are booked to appear will commence
bag-punching and road-tramping next
week. Agnew is still working at his trade,
and, as "Spider" Kelly can procure leave
of absence "from his employer" at a
moment's notice, the public can rest
assured of seeing a scrap.
It is also presumed that Billy Smith
and "Peppers" can secure a leave of
absence from their employers when tbey
conclude to commence the process of
hardening muscular fiber, etc.
The Stelzner and Van Buskirk contest
will be decided at Sacramento on Wednes
day evening next, and it is a foregone
conclusion that Van Buskirk will win.
If the Olympic Club heavy-weight proves
success: he will be given an opportunity
of meeting Jeffries of Los Angeles, but
Van's friends smile when Jeffrie*' name
is mentioned. In fact one of them re
cently said that Van Buskirk was satisfied
to leave well enough alone.
The Manhattan Athletic Club will give
one of its well-conducted and always in
teresting entertainments on Monday
evening in its clubroom at 1749 Mission
street. A first-class programme of all
round indoor athletic sport has been
arranged, and the members and invited
guests can look pleasantly; forward to
seeing a splendid evening's entertain
ment. The boxing contests will of course
prove the most interesting of all special
tie..
TO BUILD UP MEN.
Jimmy Carroll and Young. Mitchell
to Start an Institution.
Jimmy Carroll and Young Mitchell are
going to start a school of physical culture
to accommodate men , and women of all
ages who desire to develop their physical
powers. They guarantee to reduce the
fleshy and .build up the weak and thin.
They will also incidentally, they claim,
break up all colds and cure all stomach
complaints by natural means. Their
motto is, "Hard work and consistent ex
ercise."
"Nature," says Mr. Carroll, "is the
natural healer and builder ur. Give na
ture a chance and she will restore to you
the buoyancy and hope of youth. She
only asks thai you comply with certain
laws of wealth, one of the first of which is
rational and regular exercise. With con
fidence I can say that I can restore any
man who is looking for his health to a
condition in which he will enjoy life.
"I have been successful in innumerable
cases, and I only want the opportunity to
benefit all those who have enough grit to
attempt our rational method. Let them
come to me and I will build them up or
'refund the money.' "
TUG OF WAR.
D. R. MeN II Is to Manage a Tourn-
amant Next Month.
D. R. McNeil, the father of tug-of-war
contests, has consented to take the man
agement of a tournament which will be
held in Mechanics' Pavilion, commencing
on February 27 and ending on March 9.
McNeil's international tug-of-war rules
will govern the 'contests. The articles,
which bave been signed by 130 men who
will participate in the tugs, state that
any team that fails to go through the
tournament according to the conditions of
the agreement shall forfeit all claim to the
prizes, which are $500, $400, $300, $200, $175,
$125. $100, $80, $60, $50. ;.
: The teams will be composed of ten men,
including a captain and two substitutes.
The men who will engage in the struggle
will represent the different nations, and it
goes without saying that this tournament
will be conducted in a straightforward
manner that will please participant' and
spectator.
Handball.
The handball games arranged for to
morrow and which .will be played in the
San Francisco "Ball Conrtare: It. Shields
and . It. Shea against Doc Molloy and T.
Sullivan; C. Sullivan and ►J. Slaitery
against; J. 5 , McEvelv and :P. Kelly; P.
Hutchinson and W. Kelly against D.
Connelly and G. Hutchinson; J. White
and J. Collins against R. Murphy and W.
Stansbury ; J. C. Nealon ' and T. F. Bon
net ; against P. Donnelly and J. Riordan,
coast champion.
Rifle and. Pistol.
Indications are that there will be a great
deal of ' rifle ; and - pistol shooting x at ' the
Shell Mound rifle range to-morrow. Com
panies I and M of the First Infantry Regi
ment will 'hold their regular class medal
contests. It is also the regular date for
the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club to!
hold forth for half a dozen valuable re
entry medals and cash prizes. The San l
Francisco Schuetzen Verein and the Ger
mania Schuetzen Club will hold their
regular bullseye matches for cash prizes.
The Nord Deutschen Schuetzen Club and
the shooting section of the Red Men will
contest for their club medals. j
Athletic Turners.
A grand gymnastic exhibition, which
will terminate with a concert and ball, will
be held at the San Francisco Turn Verein
Hall, 323 Turk street^ to-morrow even
ing. Doubtless there will be a large at
tendance of pleasure-seekers present, as
the proceeds of the evening will be ten- 1
dered to the famous athletes of the Turn
Verein who will compete for honor and
glory at the fourth annual prize tourna
ment of the North American Turners'
Union, wbich will be held at St. Louis,
Mo., in May next.
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15.—Pugil
ism seems to hare captured the city, and
all that is talked about is scrapping
matches at the present time. The coming
contest between Theodore Van Buskirk
and Jack Stelzner, which takes place be
fore the Sacramento Athletic Club on the
27th inst., is creating great interest, and
it is said tbat both men are in active
training for the event, which is looked to
be a hot one.
The Sacramento Helvetia B/Ifle Club has
elected officers tor the ensuing year as
follows: President, J. Meyer; vice-presi
dent, Captain Ruhstaller; treasurer, A.
Burgi; secretary, E. Scmid; trustees —
J. Gruhler, William Eckhardt and M.
Muller; shooting masters — A. Grissel and
A. Heynky. This club was formerly an
exclusively Swiss organization, but of late
a large number of lovers of rifle shooting
joined their ranks, and great interest ha-,
in consequence been manifested. The
club will bold a medal shoot on the first
Sunday of each month, and a prize or
bullseye shoot on the third Sunday of
each month. It will also have prizes for
the championship class and for those, of
the first class. Sheriff Johnson and Fish
Commissioner Morrison are two of the
latest acquisitions to the club, tbe latter
havine purchased a x 32- Winchester target
rifle with all known attachments.
F. B. Adams and F. M. Newbert have
gone to Pilot Hill, El Dorado County, for
a three days' quail shoot. It is claimed,
that tbis is the best quail county in the
foothills.
THE CONVICT-GOODS BILL.
A Pithy Dispatch Sent by Julian Bonn-
tag to Speaker Beed.
The apparent hostility of Speaker Reed
to the anti-convict-goods bill, known as
the Southwick Lili, has aroused all tbe
fi^ht latent among the members ot the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion. A recent letter from Congressman
Southwick of New YorK to Julian Sonn
tag, president of the association, stated
that Speaker Reed had refused to
give the Labor Committee of the House a
chance to report, and that the bill would
probably die on its hands in conference.
The association, at its meeting on Thurs
day, instructed Mr. Sonntag to communi
cate with the Speaker,- and yesterday the
following pithy dispatch was sent East:
San Francisco, Jan. 22, 1897.
Hon. Thomas B. Reed, Home Representatives,
Washington, D. C. : The Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association of California petitions
you to give the Committee on Labor an oppor
tunity to report House bill No. 6116 in refer
ence to convict labor coming in competition
with free labor.
As the expression of the country last No
vember was for protection, we sincerely hope
that it will be extended to tree labor as against
convict labor. California has suffered more
than any other Slate from this unjust compe
tition, ana we do not hesitate in saying that
this telegram meets with the indorsement of
every man, woman and child of out common
wealth who is not directly interested in the
manufacture and sale of convict goods.
Julian Sonntag, President
L. R. Mead, Secretary.
Another dispatch was sent to Mr. South
wick telling him of wbat bad been done.
Not to leave a stone unturned the associa
tion's officers sent letters, of which the
following Is a copy, to Senators Perkins
and While and to Congressmen Bowers,
Loud, McL.chlan, Johnson, Hilborn, Ma
guire and Barham:
Dear Sir: Inclosed please find copy of a tel
egram forwarded to Hon. Thomas B. Reed,
which speaks for itself. California needs pro
tection from Eastern penitentiaries. We are
ln receipt of a letter from Hon. George N.
Southwlcl. stating that the Committee on La
bor cannot get recognition from the Speaker,
and we most earnestly ask your help in this
matter, which so vitally Interests us.
L. R. Mead, Secretary.
MECHANICS' LIEN LAW.
An Amendment a hat Will Be of Great
Benefit to Miners.
The Miners' Association is interested in
the passage of an act amending section
1183 of the Code of Civil Procedure relat
ing to liens of mechanics and others upon
real property. The law committee of the
association has prepared an amendment
wbich it is believed will more fully pro
tect miners and other laborers working in
and upon mining properties. In sub
stance it says thai mechanics, material
men, contractors, architects, machinists,
miners and all olher person- and laborers
performing work or furnishing materials
to be used in the construction, alteration,
etc., of auy building, wharf, ditch, flume,
tunnel, etc., shall have a lien upon the
property upon wbich they have bestowed
their labor or furnished materials tor the
full value of the same, whether performed
or furnished at the instance of the owner
or by any person acting by his authority.
In particular it says:
Any person who shall do work. or fur
nish materials for the working or develop
ment of any mine, lode, mining claim or de
posit, or tunnel location yielding metals or
minerals of any kind, or for the working or
development of any ' such mine, lode, mining
claim or deposit, or tunnel location, in search
of such metals or minersls; and all persons
who shall do work or furnish materials upon
any shaft, tunnel, incline, adit, drift or oiher
excavation designed or used for the purpose of
draining, or working, or developing any sucn
mine, lode or mining claim or deposit, hus a
lieu upon the same and * the works owned and
used by the owners for reducing the ote from
any such mine, lode, mining claim or deposit.
To Punish Japanese Criminals.
The Japanese Mutual Protective and Benevo
lent Society has been organized for the avowed
purpose of promoting social intercourse
among its members, aiding one another when
in distress and protecting its members from
injustice and oppression. The further pur
pose Bet forth is somewhat usual, for is
asserted that tne society will use its influence
for apprehending aud punishing criminals of
the Japanese race. The opposite course is fol
lowed by some other races domiciled within
this notably, the Chinese.
No Laundries on Boulevards.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors will ask the . opinion of
the City and County Attorney concerning the
right of the board to pass an order, such as A.
B. McCreary and George W. Haight have asked
for, to make it unlawtul to establish a laun
dry or to maintain a laundry now established
upon an avenue or street that has been de
clared a boulevard.-sfSfggjjg*_|S3S3-_i_-E
'hew to-dat.
iCUREFTTS
•■ When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
p them for a time and then have them return again. I
mean a radical • cure. I have mado the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long stndy. : I warrant my remedy to cure the worst
cases. | Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Ex-
press and Postoffice address.
?iflLW.a.PEEKE,F,Do4CedBiSt.,HewYorit
Bright'S CAN 86 \
! Disease . CUREI> \-
// Bright's Disease Is but advanced Kid- \
II ney Disease. It is better to cure tho I
I Kidney trouble inits incipiency. but if
you have neglected it, hesitate no I
II longer, but cure yourself at once, \
\ with SAFE
V WARNER,s Cure.
- -
FOR THE
BEST TREATMENT
jHr ' . \ Un. IiUUIV
ll^f^^ai Barket st *' s,Fm CaL
§~R.jOOK
Barket St., S. F., CaL
%"■'*! "S_^^? OFFICE HOURS:
T ' r^K>lw/lw^4 9to 12 A - si. and 2 to 5
L Jw__f ana 7 t0 8 F - *•
_/ \.^*&s '.!*& v J_ir Sundays 10 to 12 a. St.
_^i^-_L__-S® Whi Electricity Given
P^H?^^^» 4^g When Advisable.
"vDOCTOK COOK)
If you are afflicted do not rely too much
upon the recuperative powers of nature.
Lose no time in getting back your health.
A little medicine now will do more good
than a whole drugstore by and by.
DR. COOK CURES
Catarrh, .Rheumatism, Rupture, Piles,
Blooa and -kin Diseases, and -Diseases of
the Eye, Eor. Brain, Nose. Throat, Lungs,
Heart, Liver, stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
and Urinary Organs.
DR. COOK CURES
Stricture, Varicocele, Hydrocele and all
other sexual diseases, deformities or disa-
bilities.
DR. COOK CURES
t - The evil effects of eariy indiscretions— Ex-
hausting Drains, Impotency, Pimples, Ner-
vousness, Sleeplessness, Bashfulness, De-
spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition,
and similar signs of physical, mental and
sexual weakness.
DR. COOK CURES
Every form of Female Complaint— Falling
.. or Displacement of the Womb, Painful, Ir-
regular, scanty or profuse menses, Period-
ical Headache, Leucorrhcea, Nervousness
and Hysteria.
DR. COOK CURES
By mail. Th.reiore write if you cannot
call. A valuable book on men's diseases
sent free to those describing their troub-
les. His address, as above stated, is 863
Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
«~ pis?
FOvIlflFE! OB PAIM
60 page book free with
H j ho me testimonials of many
W onderful Cures -worst
W^.^^ pi aces- en's Breasts
V p_r.d Men's Lips,
San Francisco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
f tHE
WEEKLY
GALL
y
10l It Publishes the Cream of the
d . News of the Week and
=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
mU ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
I °\ PAPER ON TUB
Dtj PACIFIC COAST
I) Always Republican, but Always
jjj Fair and Impartial in Its .
j °S Rendering of the Po-
10l litical News.
It's the Pape* to Send East if
You Want to Advertise
California.
_ \ _ / *
The Best \ / Mining
Telegraphic \/ News That
Service on /\ Is Accurate
The Coast / \& up to data
/ \ ,
Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Bright, Clean, A Champion of
Thoughtful. Truth.
'-. " '
-^ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
Jj ALL THE TIME.
_J IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
~Y HOME MAIL, $1.50
oi INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
! 3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR £H
i
I AI^MANENf CURE 1
? of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and S
< Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 days; no>
; C other treatment reqnlred, and without the nau- 5
_" seating results of closing with Cnbehs, Copaiba >
5 or Sandal-Wood. J.Ferr. & Co., 'successors to s»
%BrouV I'arls. At nil drnpKlsts. ?
■'OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native drug Con.
**.'.'?„. all the valuable medicinal properties Tot^brlum
-v.i-o-.it -t_ noxious elements. No sickness Tcf° to,™ £
no vomlt.ng 8 no costlve-^^o _-kd-^r-_J f IS._ fc l
o<_»fipl_VE«_»_ff=»C>l_il-I» A. J***.*.
I . Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st. nam
i Francisco, — The moat select family hotel la
| the city. Board and room fl, $1 25 and tl m m
day, according to room. Meals 25c. 80-ms iSa
j and 760 a day. i- Free coach to and from th* hot*.
j : -OOK for the couch ' Hearing __«, u»u_s of the Cn*
I *80-«Utas Haiti, W*. if -Mm. frsKHHifrSUPREME COUNCIL,
ORDER OF PENDO
A California Organization
Extending East and
* South.
*
'Officers That Were Elected to
Serve for the Ensuing
Year.
Bohemian Council, A L. of H., Obli
gates New Officers — The Chiefs of
Oshonee Tribe Raised Up.
The third annual session of the Supreme
Council of the Order of Pendo, held in
this City, 'was brought to a close on Thurs
day evening, having been in session since
the previous Tuesday.
This order, a purely Californian one,
was started in San Francisco, and in the
three years of its existence, has organized
and instituted fifty-six councils, which are
distributed in California, Montana, Colo
rado, Texas, Florida, Missouri, Maryland,
SUPREME OFFICERS OF THE ORDER OF FENDO.
Kansas and Virginia. It pays sick benefits,
and upon the death of a member, the
beneficiary receives a pension for a stated
number of months, according to the
amount of insurance carried by the de
ceased member.
There were representatives from the
various councils and . the sessions were
y very harmonious, the business being con-
T ducted with a great deal earnestness
. ted with a great deal of earnestness in
' a true fraternal spirit.
The reports presented showed that
during the past year but one death oc
curred in the order, that $2795 was paid
for sick benefits, and the number of bene
ficiary certificates exceed 1700.
There were no changes of importance
made in the laws governing the order, it
appearing that those which govern it
sustain a spirit of harmony.
The . following named were fleeted as
officers for the ensuing term and were
duly Installed: George M. Leavitt of San
Francisco, past councilor; H. W. Mathews
of San Francisco. supreme councilor; A.
J. Colby of San Francisco, supreme vice
councilor; Ernest Duden of San Franci-co,
. supreme secretary; D. S. Stanley o; San
Francisco, supreme treasurer; George W.
Jack-on of Helena, Mont., supreme chap
lain; Dr. R. E. Bunker of San Francisco,
supreme medical director; Alexander
Rotbenstein of San Francisco, supreme
organizer; W. F. Jones of San Francisco;
supreme guid, Dr. Tom B. Moore of Butte;
Mont., supreme warden ; Arthur Fortier of
Anaconda, Mont., supreme sentinel.
On Tuesday evening tbe Supreme Coun
cil gave a banquet at the lortoni to the
visiting delegates, and covers were laid
for tweniy-nve. There were present: Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. hews, Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Colby, Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Stanley,
Arthur Fortier of Montana, G. W. Jack
son of Montana, Miss Ruth Rotlien-ue.n,
' Alexander Rothenstein, Charles. A. Roth
• enstein, Mrs. Verra Eaton, Mr. and Mrs.
Ernest Duden, Dr. Thomas B. Moore of
Montana, Dr. Charles S. Parent, W. T.
Jones, Miss Jennie Pamierin and others.
•Supreme Counci:or Mathews presided,
and toaa s were ofjered and responded to.
Dr. Mopre responded to the "Representa
tives from Montana," and gave an inter
esting account of the growth of th- order
in Montana, and there were responses by |
other delegates. Miss Pamperin rendered
several solos in a very acceptable manner,
and Mrs. Eaton presided at the piano.
£le*srs. Jackson and Fortier will remain
/in this city several weeks. Dr. Moore left
yesterday for Los Angeles.
• Bohemian Council, A. 1,, of 11.
Bohemian Council, A. L. of H., had Its offi
cers installed by Grand Commander Filb>.-n,
. assisted by Grand Secretary Burton and mem
bers of the Grand Council. The officers are:
William W. Hobart, commander; George J.
Vincent, vice-commander; William Hender
son, orator; ex-Judge Robert Ferral, past com
mand, James W. Disbrow, secretary; Hon.
Gus Pohlmann, collector; George W. Dixon,
treasurer; A. Prescott, guide; P. Gleason,
warden; I. Goulet.seutry. After the Installa
tion the grand commander and grand secre
tary fully explained the nature and intent of
the legislation enacted at the special session
oi tbe Supreme Council. Resolutions thank
ing ex-Judge Fermi, the retiring commander,
% were adopted, interes remarks were made
by the grand officers and Messrs. Vincent, Ho
t bart, Dixon, Prescott, Ferral, Disbrow, Hen
derson and others.
Othonee Tribe, X. O. li. M.
Deputy Great Sachem H. P. Jennings, as
sisted by Great Prophet Fuller;/M. J. Fairfield,
G. S. 8.; G. W. Collins, G.J. 8.; P. L. Bliss. G.
8.; Fred Brandt, G. M. ; 8. Berel, G. G. of W.,
and C. Horn, G. G. ot F.. raised up the follow
ing-named chiefs of Oihonee Tribe last
.Wednesday: C. C.Clark, S. ; H. W. Frlermnth, !
8. S. ; Tobias Roberts, J. S. ; M. Kramer, P. ; S.
 Berel. C. of R. ; G. A. Trautner, C. of VV., and I.
Leicliter, K. of W. .
After th. raising up there was a musical en
. tertainment, in which Messrs. T. W. Bree,
Hand and O'Neil took part. During the even
° ing S. Berel, C. of R., was presented a fine gold
watch in recognition of his services to the
tribe and order. ■
- Sons of Benjamin.
• / The following named have been installed as
Ameers of California Lodge, LO. S. B. : Morris
. A"!. stone, Ex. P. ; Jacob Goodman. P. ; Samuel '
sl'-nberg, V. P.: Henry L Springer. R. a ;
(fl' 1 : enth term); Louis L. Langley, F. 8. ; Ben
Wacholder, T. (twelfth term); Morris Sllver
• stc^n, C. ; Aaron Schwartz-op, 1. G. ; Louis
Kuhn, O. G. ; Dr. A. Nusbaum, R. Rosenberg,
S. Rosen-erg, trustees."
Uulon|Bodge, K. of 11.
• The following officers of Union Lodge,
Knights of Honor, were installed last night:
J. H. Riley, P. D. ; George Walcom, D. Hen
Manning, V. D.: Captain J. Blair, A. D.; 1 *
Charles E. Schaefer, R.; George J. Vincent, F.
R.; H. A. Sieffens, T. ; & sTßalk, C; T. L.
Tomilson, G. ; J. T. Smith, guard ; C. Smith, S. ;
J. E. AViikinson, H. Tietjen and Captain A.
Neilson, trustees.
AGAINST THE TREATY.
Division No. 10, A. O. H. of A., Objects
to Arbitration.
At the regular meeting of Division No.
10, A. 0. H. of A., held at Hibernia Hall,
120 Ninth street, on Thursday evening,
the following resolution, etc, were passed:
Whereas, It has come to our notice through
the public press of this City, that a certain
treaty has been negotiated, known as a treaty
to arbitrate all difficu.iies, etc., arising be
tween the United Kates of America and Great
Britain and Ireland; and believing that said
treaty, ii- ratified by the Senate, would be a
me.. ace to the liberty of some of our people in
this country, especially Irish political refu
gees, who now or may hereafter seek a shelter
m this land from British tyranny; and know
ing that said treaty is about te be submitted
to the United States Senate tor ratification:
therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the members of Division
No. 10, Ancient Order of Hibernians of Amer
ica, in general session assembled, do condemn
said treaty as unjust to ihe Dest interest* of
the people of the United States, especially to
those of Irish birth We most earnestly request
our representatives irom California in the
United States Senate at Washington to do
their utmost to defeat the ratification of said
treaty. And be it further
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
forwarded to our worthy representatives. Hon.
G. C. Perkins aud the Hon. Stephen M. White,
United States Senate at Wasnington, and to
public press of this City.
John P. O'Connell, President.
John H. Dolan, Recording Secretary.
Meeting in the Mission To-Night.
The annual meeting of the members of the
Mission Improvement Union will be held at
Mission Defense Hall, corner ot Guerrero and
Twentieth streets, on Saturday evening, Janu
ary 23, 1597, at _ o'clock, for the purpose of
electing an executive committee to serve dur
ing the Cuming year and lor the transaction of
other business. .-::-'.
MISSING SIXTEEN DAYS.
' Luman S. Fisher's Whereabouts
Is Unknown to His
Friends.
Disappeared en a Bicyc'e — A Few
Years Ago He Squandered a
F.rtune.' ,
Luman S. Fisher, a young man formerly
in the employ of Hooker & Co., on
Drumm street, and a resident at the In
ternational Hotel, has been missing now
for sixteen days and no one of his daily
acquaintances knows where he is or why
he disappeared. - n
Fisher was employed six years ago by
the old firm of Truman & Hooker. He
fell heir to $20,000 and quit work. Two
years ago he had spent all the money. He
then applied to his former employers for
work and wa,s given his old place.
Latterly he has been short of money, j
though neither debt nor disgrace seems to
ha ye figured as a possible cause for his
sudden and inexplicable disappearance.
On January 6 he left tne store as usual
an.l af erward went to his room in the
International HoteL He soon came down
stairs in a bicycle suit, mounted his wheel
and rode off, whither none but he can
tell. He left his belongings in the room
undisturbed and among them was his
street suit, for which he had substituted
bis cycle attire.
He owed only a part of a week's board
at the hotel when he left and there seems
to have been no other bills to embarrass
him.
•'My opinion is that Fisher just struck
out for some new place, where he could
leave his tollies behind Mm," said .one of
the missing man's fellow-employes who
was again making inquiries abo it him
last night. "Fisher was a quiet, secretive
--or*, of fellow, p He is all straight at the
store. I think there are a few dollar*
coming to him. He couldn't nave had
much money when he left; not over $10,
perhaps. I don't think he bus committed
suicide or done anything: like that.
"He has a brother who lives at San Arf
selmo, but the brother dees not seem to
worry much over the disappearance. He
is a goody-goody sort of fellow and has
taken care of his property.
"They used to room together when the
one who is missing began spending bis
money at the rate of from $600 to $700 a
month, and the brother couldn't for the
life ot him find out what he was spending
it on.
"I think that when he got the money
be was a good thing and people worked
bim. Mow when he has had time to
think it over, be bas concluded to skip
and get into some place where he can be
gin all over again.
"He is, I should think, between 27 and
28 years old, about 5 feet 10 inches tall, is
slightly built and has a smooth face. His
hair is full and of a dark auburn."
M'LEOD IS CHARGED.
A Coroner's Jury says He ' Hastened
His Wife's Heath.
In the inquest over Mrs. Elizabeth Mc-
Leod yesterday the Coroner's jury cen
sured her husband and recommended
that be be held for manslaughter. .
Mrs. McLeod died suddenly on Tuesday
night after a violent quarrel with her hus
band, who had choked her. The verdict,
however, was tbat heart disease caused
the death.
The one thing that first caused McLeod's
arrest was the woman's dying statement.
Crying", "He has killed me!" the woman
expired almost immediately. Dr. Morgan
swore tbat the woman died of pericarditis
and degeneration of the v heart, but the
jury, thought the husband's assault has
tened it, and the verdict so stated. ' : ',j7c: -""
Postpone. i Concert.
On account of the Nordica concert, the first
recital df the Heine trio will take place on the
30th inst. instead of this afternoon.
Rare Dramatic Critics : .
Are good ones. Fearless opinions felicit
ously expressed in to-day's News Letter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
HE YEARNED FOR
ORAL ARGUMENT
Dr. Edward R. Taylor's
Will Prevailed With
His Brethren.
Consideration of Judicial Reform
by the Bar Associa
tion.
Sections Eleven and Twelve cf the
Proposed Constitutional Amend
ment Revised
. The San Francisco Bar Association de
voted three hours yesterday to a consider
ation and revision of the proposed consti
tutional amendment in judicial reform,
which it intends to submit to the Legis
lature at the earliest possible moment.
So keen were the debates on mooted
propositions and the interest in the gen
eral subject that it was found impracti
cable to take up any more of the proposed
amendment for consideration and possi
ble revision than sections 11 and 12. r *
Section' ll, as reported by the commit
tee, read as follows:
No judgment or order shall be revised, mod
ified or set aside, nor shall any new trial be
granted by any appellate court for any error
in any. other court, unless it shall appear that
if that error had not been committed the
judgment or order must necessarily have been
different.
As amended this section is almost ex
actly in the language of section 475 of the
Code of Civil Procedure. - It is as follows :
Courts must in every stage of an action dis
regard any error or defect in the pleadings or
proceedings, or in the course of a trial or
motion for a new trial, which does not affect
the substantial rights of the parties. Anew
judgment or order shall be reversed or affected
by reason of any such error or defect.
When section 12 came up for considera
tion Attorney W. S. Good fellow moved
that both be stricken out. Ha assigned
no reason therefor and the motion failed
to carry.
Dr.. Edward K. Taylor made an eloquent
plea for the revival of oral pleading. He
believed tbat Judges frequently go to
sleep over lengthy briefs and do not take
due cognizance of vital points, and that in
addition oral argument was necessary to
bring out the tine points of a case. He
was seconded in another forceful speech
by Attorney John A. Wright.
Certain minor alterations were made in
Dr. Taylor' revision of the section, and
the v report handed in by the committee
was amended as follows, in which form it
will go before the Legislature:
Every cause and matter in the Supreme
Court or any District Court of Appeal (except
such applications as may be made ex-parte)
shall be orally argued in opei. court, aud no
cause or matter in said court [(except ex-parte
applications as aloresaid) shad be. presented,
considered or decided, upon printed or written
arguments; ' but tnis snail not prevent the
courts from requiring that the points to be
argued and considered, together with the list
of authorities to sustain such points, shall be
printed and filed before a cause is taken up for
.argument. A. ter ten causes or matters have
been argued . and submitted for decision no
other cause or matter (except ex-parte applica
tions) shall be taken up .by the same court
until each of said causes and matters hes been
decided. - L."
In rendering ludgment each of the Justices
of the said courts who has heard the cause or
matter adjudged shall separately, in open
court, pronounce his Individual decision and
give bis reasons therefor, and the same shall
be reported by the phonographic reporter of
the court, and a transcript preserved in the
records of the court; but this shall not pre
vent any of the Justices fr..m preparing his
decision in writing before delivering the .nine
or from so editing the pbonograpuio or other
report thereof as to render the same more
clear. A remittitur or mandate must issue
upon every judgment of said court on or be
lore the expiration of thirty days after the
entry thereof; but the court shall have power
to authorize a mandate or remittitur to issue
after the expiration of that period in cases
where without deceptive or fraudulent intent
on the part of the person in whose favor the
judgment was rendered the mandate or remit
titur had not theretofore issued.
An' adjournment was taken till 1 p. m.
to-day, when other sections will be consid
ered.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOE WOEK.
Great Progress Made by the Committee
i his Week. '
The committee of '97, which will have
charge of the arrangements for the great
Christian Endeavor convention in July
next, met at their headquarters in the Y.
M.C. A. building Thursday evening. There
was a very lull attendance ol the members
of the committee. x --
Guy W. Campbell, president of the State
Christian Endeavor Union, was made an
ex-cfficio member of the committee.
The hall committee reported that about
half a aozen architects had been con
sulted with reference to the plans forthe
arrangement of the Mechanics' Pavilion
for the meetings.
After due deliberation Percy & Hamil
ton were select d as the official architects.
They will begin work on plans immedi
ately. A unanimous vote of thanks was
passed to the other' architects who had
given advice and assistance.
Mr. Webster of the hall committee will
leave lor the East on Monday, and in bis
absence the work of his committee will be
done by a special committee consisting of
Rolla V. Watt, Mr. Bennam and Dr.
Kelley. •'■•.* . •
Mr. Bennan, from the music committee,
recommended the loilowing to form the
great music committee: J. J. Morris, W.
C. Siadfeldt, Martin Sclmtz, Robert
Evans, Rev. John Rea, O. M. Vesper, C.
E. Lloyd, H. K. Snow, Rob rt Hmland,
S. H. Roberts, William F. Hoke, C. H. T.
Parker, A. T. Sutherland, E. Meredith, J.
N. Robinson, C. H. Tebbs.
• It was decided to order 25.000 badges as
soon as the design and form has been de
cided upon.
Governor Budd and Mayor Phelan will
be requested, to deliver the addresses of
welcome to. the delegates. - ... 
. The Alameda City Union is hard at
work, and sub-committees have been ap
pointed in every society in that city.
A request for a speaker has been re
ceived from Auburn to present the '97
work to a district Christian Endeavor
convention at t- at place on March 20, 1897.
More Power for Health Boards.
Copies of a bill pending before the Legis
lature to give the Board of Health of every
municipality and every county in the Slate
the same powers with respect to the adoption
and passage of ordinances relating to mutters
of a sanitary character and to matters which
affect, or re. ate to public health, that Boards
of , Supervisors have, were yesterday mailed
from the office of the Board of Health, at the
new City Hall, to all other health officers in
the State, to secure co-operation. .
Compounding; a' Felony.
Charles Taylor, a barkeeper for William
Abbott, and a friend of the . men who are
accused of having assaulted Mrs. Belle
Neva some nights ago when she was
in her cups, has been : placed . under., ar
rest on a charge of compounding a felony.
Taylor, it is claimed, attempted to bribe
Stephen Neva, the husband of the injured
woman by offers of money, to cease her efforts
to get her assailants convicted.
Plenty of time to ripen in the wood before
being bottled is one of the reasons for the
uniform high quality of C. H. Evans & Son's
India Pale Ale and Brown Stout. Sherwood &
wood. Pacific Coast Agents. ' *
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS*
•" • — — — — — . ".. \ — ■--•--V'O'-tgs-g-- — — ■ — — — — — — ;
OUR QREAT CLEARANCE SALE closes another and most success-
ful week with special offerings of a variety of THE MOST SEASONA-
BLE AND DESIRABLE LINES at
REDUCTIONS THAT WILL FORCE THEM ODT SPEEDILY!
-* : : __ : — : — — ; : ; ; , L
LADIES' KID GLOVES. HOSIERY AND LADIES' MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
400 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK GENUINE UNDERWEAR. -MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. 92 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED
FOSTER GLOVES (slightly im- «*■__-.,„.„„ ft t T «¥¥'<** RurK ' -> - „ HEAVY VICUNA MERINO
perfect), odd sizes, colors and *°pTRRFn COTTON HOSE sliced LADIES' WHITE CAMBRIC SOCKS, with double heels and
black, regular price $150 and $175 fTA„ P hS.I.! -?h .'«f? APRONS, 4s inches wide, I>_ inch toes, regular price 25c a pair; JA.
a pS, wfll be closed out at...*.... 50C J"J; *^%T*£™T& A 9 lm ' J-, three tucks, wiU be closed 25C Clearance Sale foce .*•' lOC
pair, on special sale at... 1-2 C
~ 76 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE
103 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED 115 doz LADIES' IMPORTED CASHMERE LAMBS-WOOL
KID GLOVES,* large buttons, in BLACK COTTON HOSE, double LADIES' FULL-SIZE MUSLIN S OCXS. in assorted tans, vicuna
medium and light mode shades, heels, and toes, Hermsdorf dye, GOWNB, yoke of tucks, finished V and cadet blue shades, extra good
regular price $1 a pair, will be A« . worth $3 per dozen, on special I*r - with embroidery lined 'back, will tTA a value for $3 a dozen; Clearance ID2-
-closedoutat. ""C sale at per pair ' lwb be closed out at... WvC Sale price ..pairlV3u
78 dozen LADIES' 4- THREAD -^ * -rT
' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, 40 dozen MEN'S LAUNDERED .
107 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, . ' .. high spliced heels, double soles CHILDREN'S EMBROIDERED PERCALE SHIRTS, with two
embroidered backs and large but- and toes, onyx fast blacK, regular SILK CAPS, lined, full ruche, Cft« collars and one pair cuff to each, .
tons, in medium and tan shades, price $6 per dozen, on special sale QQln silk strings, will be closed out at WvO new styles (some slightly soiled),
also biacK, regular price $125 a 'nr at 3 pairs for $1... pair od3. regular price $1 each; Clearance CA A
pair, will be closed out at ..... to\j ' ; Sale price.....;. *)VC
' 1 2 cases LADIES' JERSEY RIB- — _ •
BED EGYPTIAN . COTTON LADIES' CHEMISES, made of
„ , f IT - n „ ,„ ;,„„„„ '" : VESTS, high neck, long sleeves. heavy muslin, yoke of hemstitch- «)£» 35 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TEN-
-90 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, handsomely trimmed neck and ing, will be closed out at uOh NIS FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS,
in black, regular price $1 25 a pair, nr front; ankle length French cut <t» made full sizes, with double
will be closed out at lOh drawers to match:, regular price OS. , yoked. backs and with pearl but-
• 5Uc each, on special sale at OOvi * tons, extra value for 75c each; pa.
'""r:--" ' ; ;1 . . Clearance Sale price... DUG
T.mr Mr V DT..rn LADIES' WHITE MARSEILLES
m *„._,„ ;i T --,-'-x;;*: n_V_-*r*» 3 cases LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED SKIRTS, finished with scallop • '
92 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH Wool and Cotton , Mixed VESTS, cambric, yoke band, will beclosed 00
vPn^VvF^i^-farkL^n^ D + higft neck, -ong sleeves ; drawers 0utat..'..... .' $1— 22 dozen MEN'S HEAVY UNDY-
KIJJ _-L.uv_-3, in oars: and medium to match; warranted non-shnnk- - ; . ED WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and
tan shades regular price $1 50 aM, abie, white and natural, regular n~ , DRAWERS (odd sizes), regularly
pair, will be closed out at..... -JVC price $1 each, on special sale at... (Oh sold at - $1 each; Clearan_« Sale Cft.
■■ '■ ■ * price dVC
lease LADIES' NATURAL GRAY v
_._ a bitttov Tiru-iv -tn SANITARY WOOL VESTS, high - , : ■- "
GLOVES l«S totoi.. Im? ■ neck,, long sleeve,; drawers to COATS AND WAISTS. 35 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANl-
din2,br_V_^shade^ re.uiar A. no match; regular price $1 each, on ■ fl- WrtlJ _____ ▼▼ /MO 10. TARY LAMBS-WOOL UNDER- .
&°air^^^ speciatsaleat  (M cmL DREN'S N I GGE R EAD SHIRTS and DRAWERS, war-
* ' - ■-■" . COATS, sizes Ito 3 years, lined ranted non-shnnkaole, regular wr
r-_r.ncT ctc 1 rnncETci throughout, finished with lynx*ft -» price $1 25 each ; Clearance price (Oh
LUKoCIJI WUKSCIS! fur, will be closed out at $6.— ,
74 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE 73 dozen LADIES* ENGLISH SA- . ' '28 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN
FRENCH KID GLOVE'S, em- "TLEN (.ORSETS, extra Ion!- ' ' LAMBS-WOOL AND CAMEL'S-
broidered backs and Jarf-e but- wast, high bust, two side steels HAIR MIXED UNDERSHIRTS
tons, colors and . black, regular . each side, embroidered with gold LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in fancy ..and DRAWERS, warranted thor-
price $1 50 a pair, will- be closed (J. 00 silk flossing, black and drab, worth t%l 00 stripes and figures, will be closed 75 oughly shrunk, extra value fortf.| 00
out at -pi.— $1 50, on special sale at $_,»— out at $0» — 150 each; Clearance Sale price —
" . j I* ■ ■
WT-STORB OPEN SATURDAY D_IV*H3NINC3-<J_r2SrTll_j IO O'CLOCK.-*!
UU N,ur P h y Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
ALL HALLOWS' NEW
BELL IN PLACE
It Was Solemnly Blessed
Before a Large Con
gregation.
Will Call Paris hie ners to Prayer
in South San Fran
cisco.
Was Htist d to Its Position in the
Tower Earing; the Past
Week-
All Hallows' Church, South Ban Fran
cisco, has been furnished with a great
bell, which will probably be beard for the
first time to-morrow. The parishioners
of that age parish are pleased over the
acquisition, the mellow tones of which
will hereafter summon them to worship.
It is a fine specimen of musical-toned
bell, of proportions that appear remark- *
ably large in All Hallows', Church. Its
weight is 1800 pounds, its design graceful,
and on the rim is the inscription, "Gloria
in Excelsls Deo." During the week it was
raised to the tower. .' y ,'^f^J'^:
. Last Sunday the* ceremony of blessing
the bell was performed in the presence of
a large congregation. The bell hung from
a stand in front of the altar, where it was
wreathed in garlands of tmilax...
The Rev. P. J. Cummins of St. Charles
parish officiated at the impressive cere
monies, assisted by Rev/M. P. Ryan of
St. Lrigid's Church and Rev. Joseph Mei
vm of All Hallows'. Revs. Philip O'Rvan,
John. Cullen, P. A. Foley and M. D. Con
nolly were present throughout the service.
Cornelius Buckley and Miss Blanche Ma
guire were the sponsors. :
The blessing began with the chanting
of psalms, alter, which Father Cummins
washed the bell ' inside and outside, in
which he was followed by the assistant
priests. Then t c bell was " anointed
with holy oils seven times on tbe outside
and four times inside, while- prayers of
dedication were : said. At last the object
of sanctification was enveloped in a cloud
of incense. After the blessing Father
Cummins addressed the congregation and
.explained tbe ceremonies. Ji ' * ' .
"We ' usually assemble .in church to
assist at the great sacrifice of the mass,"
he said,' "to % listen 'to the /preaching of
God's word, or at the close of the day to
receive the benediction of the most blessed
sacrament. It is seldom that a congrega
tion assembles to assist at a simple bless*
ing. Not that blessings are known to us
indeed, because we know. that everything
used in public ;or private worship is
blessed by the church; our sacred edifices,'
vestments, holy water, sacred vessels, are
all blessed, Still it is seldom that we
gather at church to -witness any of the
ceremonials incidental to the blessing of
these things. ; The blessing of a bell, how
ever, is a matter of great importance and
the ceremonies 'attendant upon it are al
most as impressive and as solemn as those
used in the dedication of a new church.
"The reason that the church attaches so
much importance to this ceremony is ap
; parent, .For the bell forma an important
factor in her devotions. ..-It may be justly
, considered and looked upon as the voice
_f[_/ Murphy Building, J
. .Market and Jones Streets. .'
of the. Baptist crying in the wilderness:
'Prepare ye the way of the Lord. Make
straight his paths.' Each succeeding day,
morning, noon and night it brines to our
minds the. great mystery of the Incarna
tion. • But at I other times in measured
'tones it tolls for the dead, reminding us
that we, too, must some day die, and ad
monishing* us, as it were, to prepare for
our end. So we see that the bell ha- its
fixed place in divine worship. It reminds
us of some duty to perform, and thu- 1 we
readily perceive why it is that so much
importance is attached to the blessing of
it by the church."
In describing the ceremony he said:
"The bell was washed to show us the
purity of soul which those should have
who preach the word of God as well as
those who receive it. ANo to teach ti'in
a far higher decree that the praises of God
should only come from pure hearts and
clean lips. The bell is anointed seven
times on the outside emblematic of the
seven gifts of the H ly Ghost and four
times on the inside to show that the
teachings of Christ are to be conveyed to
the four points of the compass."
Benediction of the b.essed -acrament
was held. Weble's "Alma" was rendered
by he choir. Professor S. J. Sandy, Mrs.
A. Troy and Miss Verdi Gilmore taking
the solo parts. Thomas' "0 Salutaris"
and Geibel's "Tantum Eruo" were eiven
by Mrs. A. Troy, Misses Grace McGuire
and Verdi Gilmore, Misses Bre Peguiilan,
Blanche McGuire, Jo>ie Gilmore and May
Mealey. D. W. Ervin, j. H. Widmau, E.
Latapie, Messrs. Pom acq and Blaise.
MANY OOBONEB'S INQUESTS.
Official Deter mln at ona Set Forth in
Ten Late Cases.
Yesterday was a busy lime with the
Coroner in the matter of inquests. Juries
parsed oh ten cases, with results that fol
low :
William H. Hubbard, cigar-maker, of
336 Bush street, aged 48 suicide by gas.
John Ralston of 410 Franci-co street,
aged 40, accidental death from gas.
Teresa Klatt, of 1201 Treat avenue, aged
27, death from a criminal operation. r
John V<> rbamme. 111 Trenton street,
suicide by cyanid- of potassium.
Louise Manning, Thirteenth avenue and
P streets, a fc ed 32, death from, a criminal
operation. ; >;.v "
In the case of Elizabeth McLeod of 216
Cortland avenue the jury found thrt hear,
disease caused the death, but they cen
sured the husband for assaulting her and
recommended that be be held for man
slaughter.
Robert Michael, aged 52, 517 Howard
street, suicide. :.' ' ' •'■'."'•
Geortre A. Abel, 1303 . Page street, aged
54 years, suicide by gas. . v .
Martin. Kerr, aged 64, verdict of acci
dental death— asphyxia. ion from gas.
Richard Binder's Suicide.
Richard , Binder, an ex-saloon-keeper, who
bad been living at 223 Lexington avenue for
some time, committed suicide at the Califor
nia House, 624 California street, yesterday
morning. He stopped up all the crevices and
.turned on the gas.
. Binder was about 35 - years* of age, was dis
courHge.i ahd out of work. .In one of his
pockets was _ telegram irom a San Rafael sa
loon man telling him not to return to work.
F. W. .lunge's instate-
The will of Frederick W. Runge has been
filed for probate. After bequeathing small
sums to relatives the testator provides that
the residue of * his estate shall go to his son.
John F. Runge, who is to have $2000 when he
Is 22 years oid, $5000 when . he . reaches I the
age of 25 years, and the remainder of the
property, valued at £30,000, is to be delivered
to him when ha Is 28 years old. Otto Lubn Sr.
and E. U. J. Mfl.ruqar.lson ard. nominated as
executors, without bonds.
New Government Desks.
*-,- Many workmen were busy all day yesterday
and until an early hour this morning placing
new furniture to the value |of I $10,000 iv the
Custom-house, Including some of the United
States . courts. ;•• The ' furniture was ordered
nearly three years ago, and had * just arrived
from the East. It was made by victorious bid
ders, who got the contract under competition.
.-"■" ."-.-< =■-;---■ m2Xm%ss&Bai__B__*Bt*_mri
ml/ Murphy Building, 0
Market and Jones Streets.
CLAUD DUVAL
IN THE POTRERO
On Foot and on Horseback
He Plies His Nefarious • i
■ Vocation.
Houses, tabes and Barns En
tered During the Early
Morning Hours.
A Man B.aten Into Insensibility and
His Wife Assam' ttd During.
tbe Twilight.
Within the past week the Potrero has
been visited by two desp-rate, bold men,
who so far have succeeded in keeping out
of the reach of the police of that section
of the City. '■'": \ -'7-,-'^iv£^jrß
The first appearance of those two daring
men was on Friday, tte 13th inst. When
Mr. and Mr-. \ Florence Augustine,
who live at 57 Seventh avenue, were re
turning to their home on Railroad and
Second avenues, near Butchertown, at 7
o'clock in the evening, they were met by
two men aged about 25 years, who walked
clo->e behind them until the outskirts of
Buichertown were passed,' Then one of
tbem dealt Mr. Augustine a stunning blow,
on the bead from behind, which rendered
him unconscious for the time being. Im
mediately thereafter Mrs. Augustine was
seized by the pair of ruffians and hurried
some distance from where her husband
lay on the sidewalk and brutally assaulted
by both men, after which tbey took their
departure.
The next beard from supposedly the
same young men was on last Monday, the
18th, when Thomas O'Tooie's room at the
Continental Hotel was entered during the
night and all bis clothing stolen.
- A tew nights subsequently the residence
of Mr. Roberts at 335 Mississippi street
was vis. ted by two young men on horse
back at 3 o'clock in the morning. The
men answered the desc iption of those
who assaulted Mrs. Augustine. They,
forcibly entered the barn and stole seven
ty-five grainsai ks, ail that,' fortunately for
Roberts, watt in the building at the time.
The next mark left by these two indus
trious men or, at least, the men supposed
to be tbem, was on : the morning ,of the
19th, when ' Thomas Strahan's •} premises
were visited and bis stable door forced'
open and a buggy-robe and a set of har-
taken. - -
T.ies-. depredations proved to ; be only
byplays for the night visitors as com
pared with later discoveries. On the
night of Wednesday, the 20th, they en
tered tbe Olympic Hotel, about a hundred'
yards from the police station, kept by
Thomas Small. There the burglars car
ried off everything - of any value in the
shape of jewelry and silverware, the total
value of which amounts to about $400. A
complete inventory of the property is in
the custody of the Chief of -Police."- -• ; }
• In this daring act they were observed
by Officer H. G. Clancy at 3 o'clock in the
morning as they emerged from the hotel
loaded down with the stolen goods. ".'-'■ '■.:>■ '.
8 The officer commanded them to stop,* 5 i
i SE_a _s*v*aM^__ap_-_3-;SS_p_l____!3_^*__s.^^
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ml* Murphy 'Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
but they paid no. attention to the com
mand, but started on a run in the shade
of some f re tears standing on Illinois
street. Clancy, fired a shot in tbe direc
tion in which tbey were going. This was
answered by a return compliment of the
same character. The officer continued tbe
fire i until he had emptied his revolver.
The burglars in the meantime increased
their speed until they reached the end of
Kentucky street where it intersects
Fourth. . Here they ot in the shelter of
the lumber, and thus baffled the pursuit
and eventually escaped with their
plunder. .">_ T:
When or where they will next report
for night duty in that section is just what
is annoying Lieutenant George Bennett
of the Southern station, wbo is considered
one of the best thief-catch-* on the police
force. However this may be, he has suc
ceeded in nddin_r the sou' hern section of
the rough gang that in letted it previous
to his going there, and should tbe two
industrious young gentlemen run across
his path their labors in tbis direction
will be chanced for the more profitable
one to the State of making jute bags.
COMPETITION . BY TELEPHONE.
Petition to Tak-> Away the Franchise
of the People's Mutual Company.
Heram de Laguna appeared • before the
Judiciary Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon to ask for a
recommendation for the repeal of the
franchise granted by the old board to the
People's Mutual Telephone Company to
erect poles, stretch wire-* and carry on the
telephone business in this City. The peti
tion was strongly opposed by James L.
Crittenden, one of the principal movers in
the People's Mutual Telephone Company. .
In fact, Mr. Critt nden announce J that
if any steps should be taken to repeal the
franchise to his company the City would
be found to b a defendant litigant. He con
tended that the Supervisors have nothing
to.do with determining now. whether the
franchise is valid for any reason. It bad
been granted,' the bond had been duly ap
proved after examination and approval by
the City and' County Attorney and the
money bid for the franchise has been de
posited and remains in the City and
County treasury. If the committee failed
to make any recommendation those who
are seeking tbe repeal of the franchise can
bring the matter into court, where all
questions can be determined. That would
leave the City and County fee from lia
bility. The committee took the petition
under advisement.
TALKED OP CHILD STUDY-
Professor Earl B»rnes of Stanford Talks
to the Kindergarteners.
Yesterday afternoon at the California
Kindergarten Training School on Silver
street, Professor Earl Barnes delivered
a lecture on "Physiological P-ychology
and Its Relation to Child Study." .
The subject was a most interesting one,
and ably handled by Mr. Barnes. .During
his discourse he mentioned several books
that bore on it, as being particularly of
interest to. the kindergartener. Among
them were "Sentimental Tommy, " "The
Invisible Playmate," "The Golden Age,"
"Boys' Town" and "B. ing a Boy."
A - large . audience was present, and
greeted the able speaker warmly.
Local Control of Quarantine.
"At communication has been sent by the
Board of Health. to Mayor Phelan for trans
mission to the Treasury Department at Wash
ington, D. C, urging upon tne Secretary of
the Treasury to take action to .prevent inter
ference with. the. local quarantine officer's
health: regulations by a Federal officer. This
has been brought about by the clash during
the past few days between the local and the
National officials. . . . ■■
.«-_, ' _ mm. ; . — — -
'; In the Dominion of Canada women have
municipal suffrage in every province and
also in the northwest territories.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUM3IAKY OF THE BIAKKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Oats, Corn and Bye dull.
Beans, Seeds and Dried Peas weak.
Hay and Feedstuff - unchanged.
No change in Pice.
Wool 111 much belter shape.
Hops dull.
Provisions weak and inactive.
Meat market unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions firm. .
Poultry plentiful. Game dull.
Limes very scarce.
Oranges sell slowly.
Dried Fru t still quiet.
Choice Apples higher.
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of ireight from Northern
and Central California to the East via Southern
P&cificjines ln December were 26,880 tons, as fol
lows: From San Francisco, 12,798 tons: Oakland,
1288: San Jose, 2162; Stockton, 3540; Sacra,
mento and East, 6240: Marysville. 18S2.
The leading items were: 405 tons Beans, 127 do
Borax, 79,-50 gals Brandy. 912,250 do Wine.
2U42 tons Canned Goods. 27 do Deciduous Fruit.
416 do Citrus iruit. 2700 do Dried Fruits. 2006
do Baisins. 95 do Nuts. 232 do Hides. 458 do
leather. 16 do Honey. 540 do Hops. 617 do
Potatoes, 263 do Vegetables. 735 do Powder, 61
do Quicksilver. 1349 do Wool, 112 do Coffee, 450
do Bice, 1682 do Sugar. 809 do Tea, 1023 do
Canned Salmon and 38 do P.ckied Salmon.
O Clear <$ Partly Cloudy
@ Cloudy® Ram <S) Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures !
at station indicate maximum temperature" for the j
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow ln Inches and hundredths, ■
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th. interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low-- is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is tmprob
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idabo, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather ln winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aqricui/.
Turk. Weather Bureau, San Francisco. Jan..
22. 1897, 6 p. m.—Weather conditions and genera
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season
and rainfalls during the past twenty-four hour-:
Eureka 23.48 inches, lav seaso i 21 28, past 24
hours.oo of an inch: Bed Bluff 11.84, last season
10.18, past 24 hours .00; san Francisco 11.14. last
season 8.99, past 24 hours .00: Fresno 4.73, last
season 3.14, past 24 hours .00; San Luis Obispo
9.70. last season 9.83, nast 24 hours .00: Los An
geles 8.40. last season 4.19, past 24 hour* . 00: San
Diego 6.52, last season 2.24. past 24 hours .00:
Yuma 4.62. last season .32, past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 52,
minimum 42, mean 47.
An area of high pressure overlies Utah, Nevada
and Northern Arizona Over the Pacific Slope
there has been a rather rapid fall in pressure
during the last twenty-four hours, and. especially
along the northern coast of California. The pres
sure is unusually high over the Missouri Valley,
and a cold wave Is sweepine eastward.
The temperature has fallen more than twenty
degrees in the last twenty-four hours over tbe
upper Missouri Valley. It has remained stationary
on the Pacific Slope. The weather has been
generally clear west of tbe Bocky Mountains.
Light snows have fallen In Montana A maxi
mum wind velocity Of thirty-six miles per hour
from the northeast is reported from Tatoosh
Island. Fog is reported at many stations on the
Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco or 30 hours
endine mldnlghi, January 23, 1897.
.-Northern California—cloudy Saturday and prob
ably rain on the northwestern coast; fresh south
easterly wind.
southern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada—Fair Saturday.
Utah—Fair Saturday.
Arizona—Fair fratnrday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy Saturday;
fresh northerly winds, shifting to southeasterly;
fog ln the morning.
ALEXANDER McAdie,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKET"*.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— stock market
to-day was one of specialties. While there were
Important fluctuations in this the general list
stood almost stockstlll. Thus Sugar and General
Electric were about the only ones that changed to
the extent of as much as a point, and the dealings
were largely confined to the trading element. At
th.: opening quo atlons were generally lower, the
dealing beiug equal to %@% per ■ ent: but subse
quently General Electric advanced from 34 to
85%, sugar from 116% to 11734, B. and O. from
to 75%, St. Paul from 7584 to 76%. Bock
Island from 67% to 68%, Chicago Gas from 77%
to 78% and Manhattan from 91% to 92%. A
part of this improvement was lost at the close. .
The feverlshness of speco ation was due to various
causes.
The Hocking Valley securities sustained another
serious drop, the common selling down from 11%
to 9. while the bonds yielded 6@8% per cent, on
revival of rumors about an impending receiver
ship. The common stock rallied to 11 on state
ments by flic las of the company lhat no receiver
ship Is likely and that a settlement of the bitu
minous coal troubles will probably be effected
next week. The recent reduction in dividend on
Lelawaie and Hudson trom 7 to 5 per cent is still
exercising au adverse influence on anthracite
coalers. Delaware and Hudson fell 3 to 107%,
Luckawana 2% to 166%, Jersey Central 1% to
99%, and Heading *>_ to 26%. American Tobacco
broke nearly 2 points to 75 arter lt became known
tbat Judge Fitzgerald bad decided that the direct
ors indicted for conspiracy must stand trial, but
there was a recovery to 76 at the close.
Big Pour fell 1% to 27%, while Union Pacific
advanced 13/ t077% ou the expectation of favor
abe development concerning the proposed re
organization of the property. Long Island re
covered 2% to 43% on the denial of the story
thai the deal for the transfer of the Austin tor bin
stock to a syndicate bad fallen through. Tne total
transactions were only 1.0.040 shares, of which
24,400 were Sugar, 13.300 Burlington, 12.800 Su
Paul. 11,000 Union Pacific, 9800 Delaware and
Hudson and 8000 Hocking Valley, Speculation
closed weak in lone. Net changes in tbe usually
active stocks were insignificant, but Delaware and
Hudson lost 2 points.
Bonds were lower. Transactions footed up
81.476,000. Hocking Valley Issues were ag_in
the feature of the trading.' The cons'lidated fives
fell 6 points .0 77 and general sixes 8% to 72.
This is a los- as compared with last Saturday's
closing of 1% and 13 points respectively. Erie
first extension declined % to 28%: Morris and
Essex first eiehts, 1 to 114%: Beading setonds
preferred, I"*4 to 34% .1343,4: do. thirds, 1% to
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
W-IfcELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
I'KNTKAL OFFICE
.23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur.y A Atkinson,
Mana-ers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Boom). TeL Main 1091.
ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo*
tatlons. Beferenoe Ist National Bank, 8. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW YORK.
1 32%, and Standaid Bope and Twine sixes, "Mi to
77y_i Kansas Pacific consolidated sixes, certifi
cates rose 8-p. to 651/4; Missouri Pac flc second
fives, \i/a to io.S; 1 eople's Gas of Chicago second
sixes,2 to 107, and Tennessee Coal and Iron,
Tennessee division sixes. 2 to 84.
In Government bonds $78,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 122Vfc@l'_2%.
. Grain.
FLOUK— DuII: steady: unchanged. Southern
flour dull: unchanged. Bye flour quiet; steady.
COB.nMKA_.-_iu 1, steady.
BYE— Dull; weaker. No. 2 Western, 47"V_c
f. o. _.■■■• ■ "
BABLEY -Quiet: easier. Feeding, 28V_c, c. i. ".
Buffalo; opening of navigation.
.WHEAT— spot market. dvi; firm; Vi higher;
f. a b., 97*/ c; ungraded red, 77@97c; No. 1
Northern, 92 %c. * ' ' _
Op ions declined Va® a /a c on eaiier cables and
weaker West, \vi:n some foreign selling; rallied
/s@ & on firmer la c cables and better West:
■ s.iig firm at unchanged p. lces to 14c advance,
with trading dull. May aud July most active.
No. 2 red January, 8,% c; March, 89% c; July,
62 %c.
COB V— spots quiet; firm. No. 2, 28"/jC ele
vator, 29*,_c steamer; mixed, 28"i4c; yellow,
27%: white, 27% c.
options «ere ..uil and steady at unchanged
prices without features. January, 28V2C; May,
.Oe; July Sic.
OATS— Spot quiet, steady.
Options dull, easier. January, 22c; February,
22c; May. 22c; July, 23c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 22c; No 2, white, 24c;
Na 2 Chicago. 23c; No. 8. 20V*c; No. 3 white,
22c; mixed Western, 22<_*24c, white do, 23(3,29--.
Provisions.
LA KD— Quiet; barely steady. Western steam,
$4 25: City, $3 75; Janua.y, $4 20 nominal: re
fined dull: continent. $4 65; South American,
$4 40; compound, 4i,4@4y_c
POBK— New mess, $8 25@9.
BUTTEB— stead.-, moderate deman. Western
creamery. 13@20c: do factory, 7@l4c; Elgins, 20c;
imitation creamery, ll(_)16c.
chlese— stio _, fair demand. Fart skims,
6©9 c; full skims. 3f_..«y_,c.
EIsGS — Quiet, icehouse, 12@13c: Western
fresh. 1514 c; do case, $2@3; limed, 1 c.
'1 —Steady, quiet. City, 3Vic; country,
S%@K%c
«-v l' l on SEED OlL— Steady. Crude, 28c; yel
low prime, 23@23",_c.
KICE — Firm, moderately active. Domestic,
3%Cp*6c; Japan, 4yi@4*|ic.
-M v LASSES — Steady', better demand; un
changed.
COFFEE— Quiet; 5 points down to 6 points up.
March. $9 45; May. $9 45; July, $9 55. Spot Bio
dull, easy. No. 7, $9%.
sUGAB-Quieu Otf A, 3%@4 I-160 fl lb;
mold a. 4 -.30: standard A, 4S/_.c; coniecttoners'
A. 4y__c: cut loaf, sc; crushed. sc; powdered,
4%c; granulated, 4S/ 8 c; rubes, 4%c.
Fruit and Produce.
ArBICOTP— Bags. 9@llc.
JFACHES— Unpeeled, bags, 7©9 c; peeled, bxs,
12i_(_)15e. *9
PB CNES— Four sizes, nominal, 6i/ B e.
P.AISINS— Two-crown, loose mv catel. 4"^c "R.
lb: S-crown, 4V_c: 4-crown. 6 1 7 _'-: London layers,
$1 40<_.l SO; clusters, $1 60@1 90.
A MONDS— Soft shell, B@9"/_c; do paper shell.
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; soft shell, 9c.
HoPS — Firm; moderately active. PaclflcCoast,
3%_*l3a '
» OOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 16923 c; pulled,
18(_.31c; Texas, 7@l2c-
Merchandise.
MGIBON— Quiet. American. *11@16.
COPPEB-Stron.. Lake. $12.
LEAD- Steady. Domestic. . 3@3 ia
*j IN— Strong. Straits, 813 60@13 70; plates,
moderate demand.
SPELTEB— DuII. Domestic, $3 9033 95.;
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. !__.. Jan. 22.— The wheat mar_et
continued where it left off yesterday, weakness
being the predominating tone, insignificant spurts
taking place, but prices always settling back when
the energy disappeared. A predicted cold wave
had the effect of producing a few moments of
firmness accompanied by a fractional advance,
but it was soon felt that the promised drop In tem
perature was not alarming, Inasmuch as ihe grow
ing wheat Is wei. protected. Liverpool rabies
were steady at the opening, weak and 2 d lower
later, closing being unchanged from yesterday.
Becelp.s at Chicago 20 cars; Northwest had
276, against 327 last Friday and 356 a year ago.
Local inspections from si ore were 67.808 bushes.
Export clearances were liberal at 354.188 bushels.
Closing Paris cables were lower for bo wheat
and flour. Antwerp was unchanged and Berlin
lower, ■■"hons covering cause 1 a bulge at the
close. May wheat opened irom 795/, cto 79Vi_>
79% c, sold between *9 1 /_@79 / 4c and 79"/8 c» -los
ing at 79"*4@7_%— %c higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 35 cars No. 2
red »po wheat, 88VsC to 89% c, closing about
88"*4tt89*4c
coKN—i here was no activity in corn, a quiet,
scalping trade being all that look place. The tone
was derived from wheat, prices showing some ir
regularity within a very narrow range. Cold
weatrer would very likely bring forward more
corn, the natural remit of which would be to
press prices. Liverpool cables were V.d lower.
Becelp s were 235 cars and 83,393 busnels were
taken from store. Exports were 386 392 bushels.
May corn opened at 24c, sold between 23 % and
2 4% c, closing at 24"% c, a fraction tinder yester
day. Beceipts for to-morrow 230 cars.
OATS A few speclalljts in oats kept that mar
ket from enfrely degenerating Into llfelessuess.
There was no feature to report and the total of the
business was small. Prices responded to tbe
action of wheat and corn. Beceipts were 219 cars
a d -9,241 bushels were taken from store. Ex
ports amounted to 56,663 bushels. May oats
closed weak. Estimated receipts fer to-morrow,
290 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, No. 1, 74"/*.c nominal-
Northwestern, 76y 2 c: May, 76*54@77y ? c: July,
78 5 *_@78"'4c bid; September, 83c. Beceipts were
31 cars.
PROVISIONS— No signs of animation or activi
ty were apparent in provisions. The tone was
lower, product showing the legitimate result
thereof by decline. The close was firmer. May
pork, lard and ribs each closed 2 ",._<" lower than
yes erday.
BUTTEB— Butter market was quiet to-day.
Buyers had evidently enough stock for the pres
ent. Offerings were moderate.
Creameries— Extras. 19V_c asked: firsts, 17@18c;
seconds,l4(sl6c: imitations, fancy, 1.@14c. Dairies
—Extras, lie asked: firsts. 1464 1 oc, seconds. 9(8
10c. Ladles-Extras, 10@llc; firsts. **i..,<_-9y_c;
packing stock. 8c; grease, 2 @3c; roil butter, 10c.
EGGS Cooler, weather made firmness In the
Egg market. Fresh stock sold at 13 Vac
MONEY— Was easy at 4y a (__*6% ou call and 6%
on time loans. New York exchange sold at 60c
discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT-January, 77%"'" May. 79%@79%C;
July, 75"^@76yac
January, 24*j4(a.24%c: May, 24@24"Vfec;
July, 251/ i.c.
January. 15"^c; May, 17% c; July,
18%".
January, $ 79"p_: May, $7 95.
LABD— January, $3 92y a : May, $4 05.
January, $4 02*/ ; May, $4 10.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lix.. Jan. 22.—Al
though the receipts of cattle to-day were light' the
feeling was weaker. Beceipts of bogs were large
and the demand poor. Prices declined s@loc.
Sbeep and lambs were stronger owing to > light
receipts. ,■■-.■■."-
CATlLE— Beceipts, 2500. iancy beeves, $5 30
05 40: fair to prime steer*, $4 .o_)s 25; good to
choice steers, $4 40_)4 76; medium .steers,
$4 05@4 35: fair beef steers, $3 80to* 00;
common beef steers, $3 60@* 75: good to prime
stockers and feeders, (3 75@4 10: fair to good
stockers and feeders, $3 lO®. 70; bulls, choice to
extra, $3 30@3 75; do, poor to choice. $2 25(<a3 25;
cows and heifers, choice to prime, $3 *>o@3 86;
cows, fair to choice, -$2 35<53 40: cows, common
to fair canners, $1 75® 2 35; calves, gooa to fancy,
$5 4 0(_45 80; calves, common 10 good. S3 50@5 3b;
Texas ted steer-, S3 5004 30: milkers and spring
ers, ft head, $25040.
HOOS-Beceipts, 34,000- Heavy packing and
■hipping lots, $3 30® 3 471/.: common to choice
mixed, $3 35<j_,3 50; Choice assorted, $8 SO®
'3 50; light, $3 35@3 65: pigs, $8 20@3 65.
SHEEP— Beceipts. 6000. Inferior to choice,
$2 60@4 ; lam bs, $3 60@d.
, Beceipts at Omaha.
-"OUT" OMAHA. Nrbr.. Jan. 22.— HOGS— Re
ceipts, 6400. Weak; closed 6_}loc lower. Light
ana mixed, 93 '.Offis 35; heavy. S3 10-23 .5.
CATTLfc. — Keceipts. 280 >. Market easier.
Steers. $3 50(34 23; cows, 9160@_50: feeders,
93 26@4 10.
MI KBP— Receipts, 1300. Market firm. Mut
tons, 93 SO. .
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— R. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in th»iir weekly review of
trade: There is more business though not at
better prices It Is Interesting that at most all
Prices which change at a 1 are lower than a week
ago unci yet business Is unquestionably larger.
There is larger production, but as yet not as much
increase In consumption and theie Is larger buy
ing of materia!*, but at present only because better
prices are expected in the future. A few conspcu
ous figures during the week have had no material
influence. The market for securities is slightly
stronger and yet there Is very little doing. The
number of hands employed, all Industries con
sidered, is slightly larger than a week ago without
adverse change In the rate of wages. All appre
hension of foreign disturbance in the money mar
ket has passed away, but there Is still great caution
in making loans -
There Is a niMakeln reckoning the symptoms
of depression. In spite of the lower range of prices
In main industries, the conditions all indicate
larger production aud a consumption Increasing,
not apt yet large, but steady. The earnings of rail
ways ln January have been. 4.4 per cent sm«i er
tban last year. Wheat, corn and cotton exports
are tbe key of the financial situation, and during
the paii week wheat has declined < % cents and
corn % cents, while cotton is unchanged, Ibe
Western receipts of wheat are still small, 581.000
bushels less than a year ago, and for the three
weeks of January 4,187,198 bushels, against
4,102,747 last year, but the Atlantic exports, flour
Included, were 1.634,715 bushels for the week
against 2,366,457 last year, and in tbree weeks of
January have been 6,019,032 against 8,849,648
last year. *"■-.*» "
The woolen industry is as slow as ever and no
real -improvement' appears in the demand for
goods, although owing to tbe lateness of the sea
son there Is a little more doing, both iv spring and
in winter goods, without quo. able chance in
prices The heavy buying of the wool mentioned
last week has ceased and is' understood *to be ln
anticipation of expected duties, tbe sales at Boston
alone, having amounted to 11,866,000 pounds.
Quotations have not changed as yet, although
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
Western holders are quite stiff. ' In the minor
metals a stronger tone Is general. _
The. iron iqd: stry is engaged tn settling relative
.prices and the slow operations retard business in
many branches, since the future of prices' is un
certain. Bessemer pig is a. trifle lower at
$10 40 at Pittsburg and Gray Forge at $9 40,
though no further decline has occurred in Eastern
marke.B or at Chicago. But the competition of
new concerns tempted 10 manufacture nails by
the high prices recently . -maintained, causes
Slightly lower sales of wire nails at $1 35 and of
cut nails at $1 25. The Bar Association has been
in session to consider the reduction of steel bars 10
" one cent ln large contracts even lower, and the
Billet Association has again been called toge her
to meet on the 29th. although there Is no prospect
of its reorganization and billets are selling at
$15 25 at Pittsburg. The Increase in manufactur- ,
ing is perhaps mo c definitely shown than in any ■
other way by the production of coke, which stead
ily increases, 9817 ovens being in blast, against
8173 Idle, and the week's output, 100,886 tons, is
over double the output of October.
Failures for the week have been 409 In the
United States, against 373 last year, and 65 in
Canada against 61 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. "_*, Jan. 22.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities lor the week ended
January 21, with comparisons, as telegrapned to
Brads; reel's: '; '
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Ina Dec
New York.... $686.591. 99
Boston 110.2d_.418 1y.4 ......
Chicago 74.306,376 10.8
Philadelphia 66,763,370 2.7
St. Louis 27,464,166 12.7
Pittsburg _ 16.151.752 10.2
Baltimore 14.907,538 2.2 '.
San Francisco 13,291,476 18.9 .*....%
KansasClty 11,280,626 2.6
Minneapolis _. 6,655.152 25.1
St Paul 2,919.066 37.3
Omaha 4,041.7.5 11.7
Denver „ 2.576,846 ...... 5.6
Salt Lake 971,367 36.0
Portland, Or 1.114, 5«8 4.5
Los Angeles -... 936.785 25.5
Seattle 436.714 13.3
Helena • 649.572 4.6
Tacoma 3.6, <b7 ...... 18.1
Spokane. 607.4.8 6.6
Totals U. 8 $1,042,412,180 5.09
Outside of New York
City - 455,820.912 1.8
DOMKION OF canaoa.
Total $20,050,514 2.2
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange), Money and Bailroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at iy 2 @2%: last loan at I J /2%
and closed at 1%%. Prime mercantile paper,
S@3"/&%, Sterling exchange easy and inactive, with
actual business ln banners' bills a". $4 84y 2 (_)4 85
for 60 days and $4 87y*@4 87"V4 for demand.
Posted rates, $4 STy 2 ©4 88. Commercial bills,
$4 83"»_@4 SB",*!. Bar silver, 64% c. Mexican
dollars. 50"*ito61">4c. Government bonds firm;
Slate bonds quiet; railroad bonds easier. Silver
dull. . .
CT.OSINB STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable... 85 North American... 4%
Atchison «. 14Vi Northern Pacific. I 31 /*
Preferred 23 "[4 Pr.ferreJ 33
Adams Express. ..150 Northwestern. 104
Alton, Terre Haute 66 | Preferred 161"/_
American Express 1 10 N V Central 94
American l'obacco 76% N V, Cblcago_-St L 12
Preferred 103 Ist preferred 73
Bay state Gas 3 /s 2d preferred. 26Mi
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 143,4 N Y<_ N H 176*6
Brunswick Lands. % n V & New Eng... 46
Buffalo, Boch dt P. 20 NY & W.... BV3
Canada Pacific 643^ Preferred 22%
Canada Southern.. 45 Ontario 10
Canton Land 60% Ontario & Western 14%
Central Pacific 13 Oregon lmprovmnt
Ches _: Ohio 17y Pre'.e-red
Chicago Alton 165 Oregon Navigation 12
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Lino. 14
Chicago, B <&Q.... 75 Pacific Mall 245/4
Chicago-: E 111.... 40 Peoria. D A Evans 2
Preferred 90 Pittsburg & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas 78y 8 Pullman Pa1ace.... 157
Cleve<fe Pittsburg. 166 Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 36 Preferred 10
Consolidated Gas. .147 'Reading 261/8
CC C& St Louis... 27 R!oGrande<_ Westn 12
.Preferred 73y_j| i referred 40
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 25 jßock Island 68
Preferred cO RomeWatAO.den.H7V2
Cotton 0.1 Cert 13 StL&SVv. 4*/_
Commercial Cable. 160 ( Preferred... 10 3 ,_
Del Hudson 107% st Paul 76?/
Del Lack_-Westrn.lssy.j Preferred *31
Denver liy a St Paul & Dulutb.. '-'■*
Preferred 42^_i Preierred 85
Distillers St Paul A Omaha.. 6i)"_i
General Electric... 34V. Preferred 132
Erie. 14y_>St l" M & M 112
Preferred 34 Sliver Certificates. 65
FortWavne... 166 Southern Pacific. 14
Great Northern DMIIB .Southern B B 9 1 /*
Green 8ay... ....... Preferred...; 2S«>4
Harlem. 292 Sugar Befinery. .. .117
Hocking Coal- 3% Preferred 103
Hocking Valley... 10 Term Coal A Iron.. 29Va
Homestake 35 , Preferred... 72
HA Texas Central Texas Pacific 9Vi
Illinois Central.... 94 10l A A & N Mich. '
lowa CentraL IV- Toi Ohio A Central 20
Preferred.... 26 1 Preferred... 60
•Kansas A Texas... 14 Toi St Louis AX C s*/_
Preferred Soy_ Preferred . 16
Kingston A Perm.. 3 j Union Pacific 7%
Lake Erie A Westn 108 |U P Den A Gulf.... '-i I A
Preferred 69V»iU s Cordage.
Lake Shore 163 j Preferred.
National Lead 24% Guaranteed
Preferred h9 C B Express 37
Long Island .... 42V. U S Leather. 49
Louisville A Nash. 50% Preferred 6-V4
Louisville, N Ainny V* U S Bubber 24 / i.
Preferred IV* Preferred 74
Manhattan C0n.... 91 3 /i CUca A J5 81ver. ..150
Memphis A Charts 15 |Wab SL A Pacific. 6V_
Mexican Central... 8% Preferred 16Vs
Michigan Central.. 90 Wells-Farga 99
Minn AS L Western Union.... 84«.
Preferred Wisionsln Central. 2V4
Minn ASt L com.. 18% Wheeling A L E... 2Vs
Ist preferred 78 Preferred.. 11
2d .referred. 463,4 Am Cotton OU pfd. 65 3 .4
Missouri Pacific... 22 WUBeef.... 6V_
Mobile <fc Ohio 21% Ann Arbor 9
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Preferred 25
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 18%
N J Central 99»/g Erie 2d pfd. 19
Norfolk A Westrn. liyg American Spirits.. 13%
Preferred 17 j Preferred 31
CLOSING BOVDS.
Ala Class A 45. .... 104 % Northern Pac Ists. lls
Do Class 84. 6s. 102 V.I Do 2d _
Alabama class C. 98% Do 3d a 69%
Atchison 45... 80% Doconsol6a 66
Do2dsA 45% Or lmprovmnt Ist. 88
Canada South 2dß.lo6y_| Do 6s 18
Cen Pac Ists of' 96. O B <fc N Ists. 111%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.10334 Doconsol 5s
Do 1897 103»/ 4 Or Short Line 65...1143/ 8
Do 1898.... 103"t 4 | Doconsol 5s 68%
Do 1899 103% Pacific 6s of '97....
Ches A Ohio 55.... 10 H I'hi.ad. Heading 4s 81%
ChdfN PTr Bets 43 , Do Ist pfd Incom. 46
DCB-655. -....109% B Grande West Ists 723/
Den A Ist 11l St LAlronMtGen6s 76
Do is 88 St LAsFGen6a.l.9%
Erie 2ds 64 St Paul Consols...; 132
FtWd-DenClty Ists 64%stPCA Pa Ists ..176
GHAB A6s 104 i So Carolina 4V.5...1U*'%
Do 2d 7a.... 96% Southern B Ros... 90
Gen Elec Deb 65... 94% Do Pac Cal Ists..
HA Tex Cent 6a. .106% Term new 3s 77%
Do con 6a... 101 Texas Pac 15t5..... 88
lowa Central Ists.. 97 Texas Pac 2ds 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 75 Union Pac Ists 98.10'"%
Ks Pa Ins Den Div 170 U8 4s reg of 1925.121%
La Consol 4a 95% Do 4s, coupon 122%
Missouri funding... | C 8 4s reg of 1907.111%
M T _ds„ 82 Do "a, coupon. 112
Do 84% D 025.... 96
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67% Do ss. Reg 113%
Mutual Union .110 Do 6s. coupon 114*/-
N J Cent Gen 65... 116% Va funding deot... 62"
N CA St Louis 4slos Do registered...
Nor A West Gen 65!18% Do deferred 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 100 Do trust rcptstpd 6%
Do He 12_ Wabash Ist 6s 1071/8
NorihwestCoosols. 141 West Snore 4s 'OQ3/ a
Do dab 6s HO . ,--7.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
.WHEAT IN LIVEBPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., Jan. 22.— The spot market
Is quiet at 7s ld@7s 2d. Cargoes are dull— nothing
quoted.
rCTI'RItS. Jj. : '//-\ ' 5
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Bed Winter: Jan
uary, 65 7%_: February. 657% d; Marcn, 6sß%d:
May, 6s fcß^d: June, 6s 7%d.
6KCUBITIK-.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 2. —Consols, 112 9-16; sil
ver, 293^d; French Rentes, 102f 66c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — 4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ; — 488%
Sterling Cables — 888,4
New York Exchange, 8ight......... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dol. ars 62 62%
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTBEi; GRAINS.
WHEAT— The -Edlnburgshlre takes for Cork
43,370 ctls, valued at 867,200. -
The market continues weak and dull. Quoted at
91 36@1 60 "j". ctl for common grades, $1 62 "A@l 63
for average No. 1, 91 55 for choice and 91 67%_>
1 60 ft ctl for extra choice milling.
, , CALL BOARD BALKS. '
In formal Session— : o'clock— May— Booo
ctls, $1 60%; 2000, 91 60%; 14.000, 91 50%.
si-coj-d session— May— 24,000 ctls, $1 00%
Bkoclab Slorni.mi Mtssiox- December— 8000
ctlp, 91 _6: 4000,91 26*4. May- 2000, 91 50%;
2000, 91 50%; 24,000, $1 61; 4000, $'l 61%:
6000. J 1 51%. ■'--■ "-.'
AFTERNOON Sessiov— l4,ooo, 91 61%;
10,000, 61%; 8000, 81 61%- Decern pber-2000,
91 --684. '- • ,
BARLEY- Lower, weak and dull. ; We quote
Feed, 77%@82%c; choice -right, 83% c; Brew
ing, 90@9 1 ; No. 1 Chevalier. (1 lO®. 20 %* ctl.
CALL BOARD BALKS. ':'. '•
Informal Session— o'clock— May—
Ctls, 81% c. -■■-• ','.'- '-.*-■'■ •
Second session— May— 401'Octis. 81% c.
Besulak Moknino .-ession— No sates.
Afternoon session— May— Booo ctls, t>2%c.
OATt> — sales are few and of a retail character.
Fancy Feed, $1 45; Common to good White, 91 10
(a»\ 35 f. ctl, according to quality. Black for feed,
95c@91 10; for seed, $1 20@1 30; Gray, nomina ;
Bod. $1 07%®1 12%: -surprise, 91 51.@l 60 **". ctl.
*• COK.N — Weak, dull' and plentiful. Large Yel
low, 75(^77 y?c %. ctl: bmall Bound do, 90@92y_c;
White, 75@8.e %• ctl.
BYE-90-895C ft ctL
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at 91 16@1 25 V ctL . j
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
' FLOUB— Net cash prices are as follows: Famliy
extras. $s@s 10; Bakers' extras. $4 90®5; Super
fine, $4 i b@4 50 fl obi.
COBNMEAL, ETC— Corn, $17 60@18;
Cracked Oorn, $18 50_)19 *ft ton.
.'•■■ MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usuiil discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
V 100 lbs; Bye Flour, $2 75 .* 100 lbs: Bice Flour,
So 75: Cornmeal. $2 35; extra cream do, -$3:
l atmeal, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4: Hominy, $3 10
@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $3 2*>_*3 50; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3: Boiled Oats (bblp,), $6 50@5 90: Pearl Barley,
8 3 75@4; Split Peas, $3 60; Green- do, $4 26 ft
100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDS'tUFFS.
Prices seem established for the moment.
BBAN— "SI2 50(j613 for the best and $12 9 ton
for outside brands. ■. . !
MIDDLINGS— $18(3(19 for lower grades and
20@20 60 _» ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled Barley, $18 60@19:
oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 V ton; Jobbing,
$27 60; clipped cats, $1 4oftul 50 "£ ttl.
HA V— Wheat, $fc@ll ; Wheat and Oat, $7@
10: Oat, $6@9; Bane.v. $7@B 60; Blver Bariey,
Sofg.6 50: Alfalfa, $6@7 6o; compressed, $6®
9 50; stock, $5(3,6: U. ver. $6(_*B *» ton.
STBAW— 3o(_*aoc "3 bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS.
All descriptions are weak and dull. Mustard
Seed and Dried Peas are lower and some kinds of
Beans also show a decline.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@1 66 "j". ctl; Small
Whites, sll6B6l 25 ctl; Large White* $I@l 15 1*
ctl; Pinks, $1 05@1 20: Beds, -1 10@1 20- Black
eye, $1 10@1 15: Bed Kidney, $2 60: Llmas, $1 60
@1 70: Butters, $1 26@1 50; Pea, $1 15@1 80.
SEEDS— Mustard, $2 50® 2 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 75-82 "Jl ctl; Flax, $1 36<_il 40: Canary
Seed, IS/iO-i/.c "f* lb; Alfalfa, 6*4 c; Bape. 2"^_>
28/ic; Hemp, ac; Timothy, 4ya&
DBIED PEAS— $I@l 20* ctl; Green,
$1 40@1 50 $ ctL
POTATOES, tJNIONa, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions rule firm.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2%@3%c ft lb;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 25@1 75: Early 805e.76c; Blver
Beds. 60@70c; Burbank Seedlings, 60@70c "ft ctl
for Bivers and 7&c®sl 05 for Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. 70c@$l.
ONIONS— 36 f* ctl.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers 60c@$l
"ft dozen; Hothouse Asparagus, 10@25c lb; Ithn
barb, fl box; J Los Angeles Summer Squash,
75c®$l "ft box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, .-5®
50c "ft box: mushrooms. B@lsc "ft lb, lat er fig
ure ior buttons; Marrowfat Squash. $5@6 ft ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c®* 1 25 ft box; Dried
Peppers, 7@Bc fs lb; Green Peas. '-®4c "ft lb: Los
Angel) String beans, 6_*loc; Dried okra, B®9c "ft
tt>: Cabbage, 40@60c "ft ctl; Carrots, 25®30c ft
sack; Garlic, li /2 ®2c "ft lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Dairy descriptions continue to shade
off and Creameries are also easier.
Creamery— Fancy near-by Creameries. 20®
21c; some specials bring more; seconds. 18@19c;
laucy Humboldt, 22y_@23c fl lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 15@16c; good to choice, 13®
14c; lower grades, 10®12c ft lb.
Pickled— l3@l4c f. lb.
Firkin— 13®. "ft lb.
Creamery tub— 16®18c 1"i tb.
CHLEsE— Another decline is noted. Choice
mild new is quotable at 10y~®llc "ft lb; common
to good old, B<_.loc a* tt>; Cream Cheddar, ll@12c;
Young America, ll@12c; Western, liy 2 @l2y_c:
Eastern. 13@14y a c.
EGGS— No lower, but weak and dull. Ranch
E-ks, 22@22%c: store Eggs, 18@20c; Eastern, 16
@16c "ft dozen. - .
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTBY— A car of Eastern sold at 12c for
Turkeys, $5 50®6 for Ducks, $2 for Geese. $5 25
<_*■> 60 for o d Hens, $5®5 50 for yonng Boosters,
$4 25® . 60 for old Boosters and $4 for Fryers.
Home stock is dull.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c fl lb for Gobblers. 12®
13c "ft tb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13®16c "ft lb: \
Geese. f) pair, $1 60@" 76; Ducks, $4 60®6 60; [
liens. $3 o_-4 50; Boosters, young. $4 50®5 50: ■
do, old, $3 60@4: Fryers. $4®4 50: Broilers, $4 j
@4 25 for large and $2 60@3 60 for small; Pigeons, |
$1 7. _,2 fl doz tor young and $1 tor old.
OAMF:— English >nlpe are quotable at $2 50
"ft dozen; Jack Snipe, $160 "ft dozen: Hare, $1; I
Babbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $I@l 26 for
small: Gray Geese, $2 50: White Geese, $1; Brant,
$I_s@lsU; Honkers. $4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Fancy Apples are selling higher.
DECIDUOUS FBUITS—
Apples, 75t@*i "ft box for choice, $1 25@1 40 for
fancy Bed, 3-®6sc for common; Eastern, $I@3
•$ bbL *•"-. .
Pears, 26®60c f" box.
Per.l mom, 35@65c "ft box.
BEBBIES—
Eastern Cranberries. S6@B ft bbl.
CITBUB FBUITS— The cold weather checks the
sale of Oraii.es and Lemons, Limes are firm and
scarce. Mandarin Oranges. 90c®$l; Navel Oranges.
if 2 (.12 50; seedlings. *I@l 26 fl box: Lemons.
75c@$l 50 for common and $2®2 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes are practically out; Cali
fornia Limes, $1 50; Bananas, $I®2 Ik bunch; Pine
apples, $2@l ft doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DBIED FBUITS-
The feeling Is better, particularly In Peaches and
Evaporated Apples, but business is dull.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and liy a @l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3' 2 c for the 4 sizes Peaches,
4®5y 2 c for prime to choice, cy 2 ®7c for fancy and
9® .'.o c for peeled In boxes; ' Apples 6@si_3 for
evaporated and 2@2y 2 c for sun-dried; rears, 2 %
®5c for prime to choice, 5 Vie for quarters and
_(■_,.'/_■_ for halves: Plums, 4c for pitted and ly 2 c
to. unpitted; Nectarines, 3i / _@4V c for choice and
6y 2 c for fancy; Wnite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2*4
®2y c.
Jobbing Prices— Peaches, 4i/ 2 @s"^»c V lb;
fancy, 6y 2 @7i/jc "ft lb; peeled. IVfifi fl tt). Apri
cots, 6%®9c ft lb: tancy, 10c; Moorparks, 32®
13c; evaporated Apples, s*"ic; sun-dried, 2"*4@3c;
Prunes, ;'**i@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an. 3@3y 2 c for pressed; white Figs, 4c;
Plums, 4y 2 ®6c for pitted and iy 2 c for unpitted:
Nec:arlnes, 4(_,6c "ft lb for prime to fancy: Pears,
2' ■■:><■ for whole, 2 <_>sV_c for quarters and
/2 (i_6y i >c tor halves. MSIBS
RAISINS—
Carload Prices — Four- crown, loose, 5%c;
three-crown, 4"*/ 8 ?* lb; two-crown, 33/.C "ft _>:
seedless sultanas, _y_c; seedless Muscatels, 4S/ 8
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, Sl 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes. 3c fl tb.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6"J4c; 8-crown, 43.4 c; 2-crown, 33/ic: seed
less Sultanas, . r >'*, 4 c: seedless Muscatels, 4 l c;
3-crown Loudon layers, $1 25; clusters, 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 25.
UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8®10c: Walnuts,
6y a ®7c "ft lb fer standard and 9®9yaC "ft tb for
sottshell; Almonds, 6@6%C for Languedoc, 3®
3y 2 c for hardshell and -39c "ft lb for paper-shell;
Peanuts, 4®6c "ft lb -for 1 astern and 4c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@6C "ft lb; Pecans. 7*a®
8c "ft tb; Filberts, 7iA(oißc; Brazil Nuts, 2 ®Bc:
Cocoauuts, $4®5 "ft 100.
HONEY— Comb. 10@12"V4c for bright and 6®9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, o(_>sy 2 c;
light amber extracted 4y @4**4c; dark amoer,
4@4y 2 c: dark, 2®3c "ft lb. .-;';"
BEESWAX— ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
Weak and quiet. . ; '. '.* Cj',- '*. •. -
CUBED MEATS— Bacon, 6c fl tb for heavy, 7o
9lb for light medium, 9y c for light, 10c *ft lb for
extra light and 11". _c "ft tb for sugar-cured. East
ern I sugar-cured Hams, 12@l'_%c: California
Hams, 10@10%c: Mess Beer, $7®7 60; extra
mess do, $B®B 60: family do, $9 60® 10; extra
prlmo Pork, $7 50 @ 8: extra clear. $16 ft bbl;
mess. $14 "ft bbl; smoked Beef. 10c "ft lb.
LABD— Eastern, tierces, is quoted at t>-/ 2 c for
compound and o@6y_c for pure: palls, 7c: Calll
fornia tierces, 6®sy a c "ft lb for compound and 6Vic
for pure: haif-bols, 634 c; 10-tb tins, 71/4 C: do, 6-ib,
7y 2 c -f* n>. .
CoT ruLENE-6®6i/ 4 c ln tierces and 7"*4®By 8 c
in 10-tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, "WOOD AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lefl
lb under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 8c:
medium, 7c "ft tb; light, 6c fl lb; Cowhides, 6c:
salted Kip. 6c "ft tb: salted Calf, 7@Bc: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@130 "ft lb; culls and
brands, 9®loc: dr.- Kip and Veal, 9©_oc: dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20©35 c each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, 25c "ft lb: medium,
20c; winter, 10c; sheet. skins, shearlings. lo®2oc
each; short wool, 26®35c each; medium. 30® 15c
each; Ions; wools, 40®!60c each.
1 ALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3i4c; No. 2, 2y a c;
refined, sc: Grease, 2c "ft _b. •*•'•■»;
" WOOL-The assortment Is now limited to three
or four kinds, as a good demand for local scouring
account, amounting at tbe moment to about 5.0,
--000 ibs "ft week, Is cleaning up stocks. Wools now
here are confined to Oregon* and poor Ssd Joa
quins. in a week more all Fall Wools will piob
ably be gone Thus it will be seen that the mar
ket is in much better shap-> than It bas been and
prices are well sustained, owing to tbe scouring
I orders and to fair returns from the London sales.
! We quote Fall Wool: Free northern, 7@By_c; mid
dle counties, free, 5%@7c: do, defective, 4y a ®6c:
San Joaquin. r 3@sc; go, foothill,- s®7c: Eastern
Oregon, 7y 2 @9c: do, fall and lambs', 10011 c. .: -
HOPS— 6i_.Sc for lair to choice, and 9~<_>loc "ft lb
for fancy. Trade Is at a standstill.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 4"!4c; June-
July delivery, 4% C ; San Quentin, $4 66; Wool
Bags, 24y 1 @26y 3 c. - : '"'-"
--: COAL- Wellington, $8 ft ton: . New Wellington,
$8 "ft ion; Sonthfleld Wellington, $7 60 "ft ton;
Seattle, $5 60: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay, $4 75;
j Wallsend,s6 -0; scotch. : Brvmbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 60 In bulK and $15 "in sacks: Penn
sylvania. Anthracite Egg, .11012 "ft ton: Welsh
.Anthracite. „ $8@10; - Can nei, $8 "ft ton; Bock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 87 60;
Coke, $IX®l2 in bulk and .13 "ft ton in ska .
BICE-Chinese mixed, $3 4D@3 56: No. 1,53 75
@3 »0 "ft ctl; extra No. 1, $4 1.(34 30: Hawaiian.
*4 2 0(n)4 37%; Japan, $3 90(_)4 50. •
.SUGAB— The Western Sugar Be lining Company
quotes, terms net cosh: Cube and Crushed, 6V_c;
Powdered, 6c: Pine Crushed, 6y 2 c; Dry Granu
lated, 4S/gc: Confectioners' A, 4»/sc: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 8 c: Golden C, B%c; half barrels
I 14c more than barrels, and boxes y s c more.
SA\ FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak. No change In Beef or Mutton
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6y 2 c; choice, 7c; second,
6@6c; third do, 4®sc ft tb.
VEAL— _@7c; small. 7@Bc fi tb.
ION- Wethers, 6V_®7c; Ewes, 6®6iric
"ft tt).
LAMB— Spring, 12y 2 @lsc; yearlings, 7@Bc fl
_>.
POBK— Live Hogs, 3*4®sy g c "ft 3) for large and
medium and 3"/4@33/ 8 for small; dressed do, 4y
<__s*,_c f lb.
RECEIPT . OF PRODUCE.
- '^.''V*-. *"' - FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,110 Cheese, ctu....-, 72
heat, ct15...... • • 15 Eggs, dos ,_ 6.190
Parley, ct15...... 3,355 Hides no. ...„ 180
Beans sks.... -_ 6,107 Pelt* bdls ...... 90
Corn. ctls.... . Wine. gals....^. 84,750
Eastern 800 1 Sugar, bb15...... 1624
Potatoes, sks.. _ 7,161 Leather, r0115.... 31
Onions, 5ic....... 668 : Lime, bbls -. 81
Bran, sks 130 Lumber. M test. 10
Middlings, s-5... . 945 Tallow, ctls. ... 144
Hay. ions _ " 343 Quicksilver, flski 85
Straw, tons 6 Chicory, bbls.... 62
buiu»r. cus 172 Shorts, sks 1.000
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are cheaper. M. ats and Poultry
are unchanged It is no longer lawinl to sell Quail
and Wild Ducks. Fruits and Vegetables are about
the same.
Following Is Thk call's regular weekly retail
price list: _ " • .» t
coal— per tow.
Cannel — ©10 00 Castle Gate. 960@1000
Wellington. — ®10 00 Pleasant Val 9 60®10 00
New Wei- Southfleld
llngton.... — ©10 00 Wellington — ■ SCO
Seattle 7 60® —Coos Bay... — ® 676
DAIRY raODDCK, KTC.'
Butter, fancy, fl | Cheese, Eastern... 15®20
square — ft.so Cheese, Swiss... .20®30
do, "ft roll 36-pS.O Common Eggs 20® —
do. good ... .. — ®30 BanchEggs"ftdz...2s.<d —
Pickled roll SO® - I Honey, comb, ftft.ia®lß
Firaln. — ®30 do, extracted. . S®l_
Cheese, Cai. 12®15 .
-TEATS— PER POUND.
Bacon 12foll7'Pork, fresh ..,,... 12®15
Beef, choice 130151 Pork, salt 10A13
do, good B@.lo Pork Chops 12®15
Corned Beef. 8® — Bound Steak B@lo
Ham, Ca1........12y s Sirloin Steak... 12 "A® —
do, Eastern. 15® 1 6| Porterhouse, d 0 . ..
Lard 12@15 Smoked 8eef...... — ®15
Mutton B@l2 Pork Sausages — — ®20
Lamb 10@l2i/ 2 ! Veal ....10®13
Spring Lamb.... 20(_.'25|
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens. each 50* 60iDnc__, each... 60® 60
Young Boost- • Geese, each 75®1 00
ers, eacn 50® 60 Pigeons, "ft pr.. 40® 50
Old Boosters, | Babbits, % pr.. 86® 40
each.... co® —| Hare, eacn..... 16® 20
Fryers, each... — @ 40: Wild Geese.ea. 20® 30
Broilers, each.. — @ 35 EngSnlpe.fdz (a>3 00
Turkeys, *ft lb.. 16® 20|Jak Snipe, "ftdz2 00® —
"""BUTTS AND NOT-."' ■
Almonds,^* lb 13@15 Limes, ft d0z. .....26® —
Apples, %. tb 4® 5 Oranges, "ft doz 15030
Bananas, "ft doz... 16® 20 Pears, "ft lb B@io
Cocoanuts, each... 4® Ojßalslns, fl lb. B®ls
Lemons, "ft doz.... 26@3oj Walnuts, 9 tb.....16@ —
VEGETABI_BS.-
A-paraeus "ft ..20(_y36,Mr'fat Squash, fl lb 6®lo
Artichokes, fldozsl(ai 26tDrled Okra. "ft tb..12®15
Beets, f1d0z.......12@15pni0n5, "ft lb 4® 6
Beans, white f)_>... 3® 51 Peppers, dried ...15@ —
Colored, "ft _>..... :to 5 do, gre»n. "ft lb . *.._!_
Lima "ft lb. 4® 6 Parsnips, "ft aoz.;_ls®2o
Cabbage, each 6@10! Potatoes, "ft _> 2® 3
Cauliflowers, each. s®loi do Sweet, "ft tt>.. 8® 4
Celery, "ft bunch... 6® — ißadlshes.»dzbchs.lO@l2
Cress. fldzbunchs.2u®2s'Bbub_rb. f) lb. — (fl) —
Garlic, "ft lb.. 5® — Sage, f! lb ..25®35
Green Peas, "ft lb.. 6® String Beans, fl tli.l0(-il5
Lentils, fi tb....... 6® » Thyme, "ft lb 20®30
Lettuce, ft doz 15@25|Turnips, "ft doz..-.16®20
Mushrooms, f* n_..ls@3o!Tomatoes, ft 5t.... 10®15
rsaa— PEß POUND..
Barracuda — — (5had....... B®lo
Carp.. 6® b Sea Bass. .....10®12
Codfish 12®15 Smelts _. 12®15
Flounders lOfto — Soles 10?ail2
Halibut 5 Skates, each.. 6@15
Herring B@lolsturgeon 10(^1'-
Klngflsh ».... B®lolTomcod 12® 11
Mackerel.. -® -IClams, "ft gaL — ®50
do, Horse.- — ® — Do. hardshell, "ft
Perch _ 10®— I 100.. 50,® —
l'omnano .-.. — ® — ! Crabs, each 12®15
Bockfish 12®1 6 Do. softsheU, "ft dz.26®35
Salmon, smoked.. —'Mussels, "ft qrt.....10@12
Salmon, fresh 12®15 Oysters, Cal, *ft 100.40® —
Shrimps ; Bp®lo,Do, Eastern. 'ft dz. 26*40
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Mining stocks showed no particular change yes
terday. Con. CaL A Va. was . firm at a further
slight advance. The close was 'higher all around.
The Santa Bosalia Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 6 cents per share, payable
January 26. "^ ~V„ ,"., ~j*'
The Jupiter Gravel Mining and Water Company
of Calaveras Connty has levied . an assessment of
♦1 per share, delinquent March 3.
The Fnreka Consolidated Drift Mining Com
pany of Placer County has levied an assessment
of 5 cents per share, delinquent February 26.
lhe report of the Alaska Treadwell mine for
December shows 13,736 ions ore milled and 416
tons sulphurets (rested. Bullion $43,096, of
which $17,338 was from sulphurets; average yield
of ore $3 14 per ton.
LUa. it \ --W1
Following were the sales ln tbe San Francisoo
stock Board yesterday : --f. ■-:'■■. y v-; v
REGULAR MORNING SESSION, COMMENCING 9:50.
400 Andes ....16 20 J Change... 45200 Mcx ...... 47
600 Belcner.._3S 800 CCAV...1.9 '!750 0phir.. .1.15
400 8A8. .-..72 100 1.95.700 Ovrmn.... 13
250 .73 100 ...1.10 200 0 Ny .....48
100 Ch0ir. .....9- 100 C Point 83 100 47
200 ......90 800 G A 0...„50|
AFTERNOON SESSION— :30.
Son Alnh- 13 60 G--C 65 400 Savage .-.28
200 Andes.. .-18 350 ......"... 64 400 ...„29
100 Belcher -.86 10 Mexcn....6. 100 Stnrd ...l.&O
500 B<feß 80 100 Oceldtl... 18 100 Union.. 46
100 Choir.-. 97 150 0phir.. .1.26(200 47
400 CC--V...2.10 100 S Nev.. ..64:100 Utah. .....05
Following were the sales ln tbe Paciflo Stock
Board yesterday: • \:-j._ -//; % r. .< :
REGULAR SESSION— IO:3O.
200 a inns 12100 CCV.I.B2*A{2OO Mxle. 49
400 Alta 08 1810 ........ 1.8611300 - 52
50) Andes.. ..l 6 100 ..: .1%:3U0 Occd 16
10 i £el(->er...37|1200 1.951300 Ophir 1. 1", 1
200 3f 360 1.97% 600 1.16
400 .94 400 2.02% 300 1.30
600 BAB .-72 1900 2. 1.0 700 Ovrmn. ...IS
800 73 1000 C NY...0/ Potosl 61
600 77 .00 CrwnPt..3B|3oU 8_va.e....28
300 76 300 Exchqr.. .o6lsoo Scorpion. .OS
300 Bullion 06 300 GAC . ....97 200 SB.feM. ...10
400 Caleda.. ..l) 600 ......... .61 1100 5Nev....62
800 Cba11ge.. .45 560 H--N....1.30 60 5tnrd...1.48
600 Choir 200 .l.'_7y_. 400 0ni0n.... .45
300 93 1000 Ju1ia. ...02 200 .46
100 Confi.... 400 Kernel-.. ..03 .00 Utah 04
1000 C Imp. -01 900 L Wash... ol 800 V Juki...- 34
1000 02) --;.•*• I -
. ArTKRNOON __ssio"*— 2:3o.
400 Aloha. .~. 13 100 CC*V...2.05 1700 0Dh1r..1.25
200 Alta 08 60 ... 2.071.800 -1.22%
200 Andes.... 17 900 ..... 3.10 100 0vrmn.... 13
400 Belcher. ..B6 160 C0nn.. .1.10 200 ............14
200 p. 37 60 1.20 1400 15
700 -36 100 1.22% 200 P0t051. ....64
20U BAB. ...79 400 C P0int... 33 400 ...........65
460 78 600 ....„.".. ...36 601 Savage.. .29
200 -77 400 Exchqr... o6 700 .....30
600 Bnlllo_.-.0& 200 G Eagle. .46 300 BAM. ..10
.300 Challge. ..60 700 AO ....65 10J 5Nev.....62
200 62 700 .. ...... .64200..... 63
400 ...........58 700 H_tN...1..0( 50 Stnrdl.47V.
.00 64 200 Kentuck..o3 300 Uu10n....48
200 Cb011ar....97 1100 Mexican 54 400 .47
700 ...........98 300 ...... ,.;..65 30J Utan 04
800 .99 200 0ce1dt1... .17 20-1 V Jckt ...34
ZOO Caleda. ..lI'OOO ......;.....19'200 ..;........ 36
»-i-OM>G QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Jan. 32.4 r.!t.p
X 1«. Alked. '-,'... Bid. .<. •;-<.
aip*»o_ii..... -* " '■"»:;;.';.;;__ - 06
Alts. ....... 07 08 Justice. „ 06 06
Andes." m. 17 18 Kentncfc...^. OS .4
Belcher 87 Bfc Lady Wash.... — 13
Best a. Belcbar 78 80 Mexican 53 64
Benton Con.. . 17 — Nevada Queen. — 04
Bullion .-. US 06 Occidental..... . 17 ID
Caledonia..... 11 1.jpjph1r... ........ 1.26 1.30.
Chollar 98 9 v overman. 15 1 16
Con.oal_-V_...2.i0 2.15 I'otosl. 64 65
Challeng. Con. 63 66 savage... 29 '80
Con. Imperial. 01 1-2 scorpion. .. aM . 03 05
Confidence.... 1.20 1.25 -eg. Belcher... .OB 11
Con New - 03 Mlver Hill 01 12
Crown Point... 86 38 sierra NevadA 64 65
EastsierraNav — M standard ......1.60 —
Kure.a 1 0n ... — 25 syndicate. .... 03 (14
Exchequer.... 06 16 Union cou 47 49
tiuuiu _i curry. 66 66 Litau. .......... 04 06
_i».liOl..\oli;r- 1.25 1.30 Keliovy Jac<*p- 36 48
JIO CIS. AND BONO EXCHANGE.
FBIi*AY. Jan. 22 2p. X.
UXITKI* sta xas 80-<__. .
JUtt ' skeit. 1 . ;-.. *.'. Slit. AtS-o.
cono.lil 111** a _sre_...lOt» llOVi
Do new issuel'-l — | '■"■
MISC-b-ANKOU- WO-VTM.
Cal-stCbleSs. - Oak Gas 65.. - 104
Cal Elec L 65128 — . Do 2d is 6a .. 108 109V 8
CntraCW6s 02% 95 omnibus 6s..l2oV_l2iy_
Dput-stex-cp — 971,4 PAO By 6s. — 11
tdsnL&P6sl2B%li!o P&CIi By 6s. 100 —
P&CH BB > — io7y* Pwl-st BB 6sll 6 117
Gearv-st Bssloo — IBeno.WLAL" — 104 s
H CAS _V 5.103 — !fc_ctoF<feL. — 100
Los Ang L6s - 100 SFANPB6... 99y 8 100
DoGnteed6s — 101 .M'BBAri_B- 91 93
Mkt-stCble6sl22y 8 - sPBBC_I6s.IiO -
DoßyCon 6-.106 106% SPBBtalss. - 100
NatVlnOslst — 100 NPBrßCal6a. 95 dH ;
NevCNgß7aloo — SVWaterOs.llO- llw%
NByOalßs.lo2 - |sVWater4s. 100*^10".
NRycalCs.'- 95 IstktnG&Eßs - 102
WATER STOCK""'-
Contra Costa 36 36 *>fe|Sprng Valley 87y4 67%
MarlnCa.... - , 62 •■ I , v ■••■"' :' : * : - '':".''.
«AS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Capital. — 1)5 • uas Imp 93 —
Central 95 - Pacific Light 48% 49
Edison Llghtl27i/4127V. "'an Franosco 39 93%
M Elec Light 9% 9 "V« Stockton — 20
Oak G L A H 538^ 64y a | - -
INSURANOB STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdlßo , 190 |Sun — —
* " COMMERCIAL RANK STOCKS- :
anglo-Ca1.... 60 — . FlrstNaUonll79"«4lßl%
Bank of C-1..258 342*4 LondonP--A.l-|7y_ ' — .
CaISDATCoIO7 108%|_IerchE-_... li -'—^
BA VINOS BANK '. STOCK.
GerSALCo.. — 1500 A Loan.. — 105
BumbSAL.llOO - Security... 250 ; 300
Mutua1....... 33 — Union Trust. Blo — "
SFSav Union — 490 I
BTB.ir RAILROAD mTft^Kt.
California... 111 lOakSL&Hay — 100
Gearyst....- — 60 Presidio 3% 5
Market-st.-.. 43 43%. . ; ,': ;.; '-
POWU-tt STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 17 IGlant C0n.... 27% 28%
California.... 75 - VlgOrtt — 80c
Eastern D.... 80 86 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 102 — tNatVlnCo.. — ' J»%
Ger Lead Co. HO 100 ! -ceanlcSSCo 25 SO
HawCASCa. 17% l7*"_!Pac Anx F A — 4
Hutch SPCo 26% _s%FacßoraxCo. 95 —
MerExAssn. — 110 |ParfPalntCo — 7
, .ALES— J-OKNA-N*- »J>UW*
Board— „„ „_>
20 Edison Light & Power 1 2 J °°
ID Hawaiian Commercial. H_2,,
10 Hutchinson s PCa... .— 25 37%
5 Market-st Ban way «5 3 l^
87 Gasl„-ht - "-9 _■
95 SVWater.. . . - t»7 75
$4000 9 F A N P Ra'iiway Bonds •J.??,.,
$5000 do do . .1. . 99 12%
100 Vigorit Powder ..... ..'.'..". 60
100 do do 60
Ftr<">- —
1 Fireman's Fund Ins. 185 80 t
95 Mutual Electric Lluht 9 50.
$3000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 121 00
$10,000 8 V 6% Bonos 119 25
$2000 S F A N P Hallway Bonds 99 00
BALKS— AJT-K.NUOa »_-pl|p>-».
■Board
-15 Contra Costa Water 86 50
5 Edison Lleht* Power Co 127 25
25 Giant Powder C0n.... 27 6'"%
20 do do 27 60
10 do do ........ 28 tO
60 Mutual -lectrlc Light '. v 76
50 s V Water .7 60
$3000 S F A N P Railway Bonds 99 87%
$30,000 do do 100 00
$1000 US 4% (coupon, old) Bonds 11l 26
fri reel—
60 First National Bank 180 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alfred and Louisa Gonzalez to George fi. Andres,
lot on NW corner of Vallejo and Laguna streets, W
40 by N 120:810.
Henry H. and Margaret Mahan to William A.
Irvine, lot on NE corner of Broderlck and Eddy
streets, N 100 by 32:6; $10. ,; 's . -...■•■
Chunning H. Cook to Georglana B. Cook, lot on
W line of Baker street, 102:8% N of Washington,
N 25 by W 106:3: gift.
Mrs. E. J., John and Francis McHenry. E. B.
and E. H. Lamare (McHenry), William and Mary
Keith (McHenry) and Emma Pond (McHenry) to
Ellen Dore, bounded on the north by ships chan
nel of the bay of San Francisco, on 8 by Bay
street, on E by Larkin and and W by charter line
of 1850: $6.
James Heatlcg to Emma Healing, lot on N line
of Fifteenth street, 72 Eof Castro, E 48 by N 116:
$10 "
Martin Kerr to Ann Kerr, lot -on S line of
Twenty-fifth street, 60 E of York, E 25 by 8 90;
gift.
Edward J. Bowes to John and Christina Gun
nison, loton W line of Hoffman avenue (Ellen),
185 8 of Twenty-fourth street, a 26 by W 125; $10.
Antonio Luchetti to Da vide Flgohe, lot on W
line of Sonoma street, 67:6 8 of Union, 20 by 37,
quitclaim deed; $1.
James Mack in to Annette Merriam, lot on N
lin- of Union street, 137:6 W of Powell, W 62 by
N 137:6; also lot on N line of Jackson street, 70 E
of Leavenworth. E 22:6 by N 92:6: also lot on N
line of Jackson street. 192:6 W of Jones, W 27:6
br N 141:6; also lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 30 E of Kearny, E 13:4% by N 49; gift.
Margaret E. Saul to Samuel Marks, lot on E line
of Third avenue, 100 S of California street south,
8 25 by B 1.0: $10.
J. C. and Mary B. Duncan to William E. Lloyd,
lot on N line of Lobos street, 26 E of Capitol, E 50
by N 125, portion of lot 5, block F, Bailroad Home
stead Association; $20.
William E. Lloyd to Frederick B. Webster, lot
on N line of Lobos street, 25 E of Caput 1, E 50 by
N 126, being lots 2 and 3, block P, Bailroad Home
stead Association No. 2: $10.
Louis E. aud Mary Schroder (by Ferd Bets Jr.
et al., trustees) to Pacific states 8. L. and B. Com
pany, lot on 8 line of East avenue, 386:9 W of
Laurel avenue, W 25 by S 108, lot 36, block 6,
Holly Park Tract: $850.
N. Busmnssen to Mary C. Boes, lot on W line of
Gates (Siegel) street. 300 8 of Blame (Lincoln), 8
25 by W 140, lots 410 and 411, Gift Mup 1; $10.
AXAMEDA COUNTY.
Thomas A. Maloney to Mary E. Selzer, lot on
E line of Twenty-third avenue., 100 NE of East
Fourteen h street, .\& 60 by SE 135, being portion
of lot 2, block J, subdivision 50 Associates Tract,
East Oakland; $5.
Maria Enos to Frank Enos, lot on NE line of
East Sixteenth street, 150 SE of Thirteenth ave
nue, SK 50 by NE 160, block 30, Clinton: also lot
on W corner of East Fifteenth street and Fifteenth
avenue, NW 75 by SW 100, being the iront 100
feet of lots 13, 14 and 16, block 16, san Antonio,
East Oakland, gift. '
E. C. and Minnie B. Newell to Fred L. Button,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-second aid Chestnut
streets, 8 145 by E 92, block 619, Oakland; also
lo- on NW line of Eighth avenue, 50 H\V of East
Nineteenth streei. SW 50. N W 160, NE 100, SE
30. SW 60, SE 120 to beginning, block 106. Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10.
John W. Phi. to May E. Phillips, lot on W |
corner E Tenth street and Sixth avenne, SW 160 j
by NW 150, being lots 13" to 18, block 9, same, |
East Oakland; gift.
Manuel and Mary Thomas to Manuel de & and j
Guitbermina Beai. loton S line of Crawford street,
675 E of san Pablo avenue, E 50, S 2.6:6, VV 50,
N 227:6 to beginning, being lot 11, block 8, J. W.
Crawford Tract; Oakland Township; $10.
Ham A. C. and Josephine Lange to S. T. Jr.
and Elizabeth B. Dodsou, lot on E line of Fruit
vale avenue, 156:1 S of School street, s 35 by E
160, being portion of lot 8, Loop Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10. . . .
David syrames to Jennie A. Mead, lot on NW
line of Go.dman avenue, 124.14 NE of Taber
street, NE 66.86 by NW 125, being lot 39 and
NE 26.86 feet of lot 40. Fruitvale Park Tract,
Brooklyn 1 ownshlp; also tot on .->E line of Gold
man avenue, 282.96 SW of old county road oi
Prescott street, sW 68.30. SE 12809. NE 58.43,
NW 133.67, being lot 80 and NE 28.30 feet cf lot
79. Fruitvale Park Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Joseph and Annie E. Leonard to George Bittle
stOQ, lot on W line of Stanton street, 150.91 N of
Pacific avenue, N 25 by W 103, being lot 11,
block G, Powers Tract, A.ameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
A. Aronson with J. Leonard, concrete and arti
ficial stonework for a five-story brick building on
N line of Geary street, l6% Wot Powell; $3750;
C. B. Wilson, architect. •
A. Aronson with the Jndson Iron Works,
wrought iron work, etc., on same building; $3350:
same architect.
• A. Aronson with the Atlas Iron Works, cast iron
work, etc., on same; $3000: same architect.
■ Mary McCarthy with Well Malloy, to erect a one
story building on W line of Fillmore street, 60:6 Of
FUb rt; $2275; Shea A Shea architects.
Carrie Drlscoll with I Ira W. Coburn, to erect a
one-s ory cottage on Waller street, near Shrader;
$1600; William Koenlg, architect.
p\ .:.--:' :. _. :— :
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Januakt, 1897. " : • '■-
\v.
Fr.
1
©New Moon.
W Jan. 2.
'4
9
11
14
18
23
[fSk Full Moon.
Jan. 18.
/fMiMt Quarter.
4^ Jan. 25.
■_«___. A-« iii.Aj.-I'j,
Date* 'of Departure From San Franciaco.
NIAHIR |DK«TrNATIOK. |
-nuamooK..
Colombia. ..
Bio Janeiro.
Queen
Umatllla....
corona
Orizaba
Alliaoc*
Del None..
ABlanchard
Australia. ..
Arrata
Coo* 8ay.. . .
Barracouta.
Czarina
Stale ot Cal.
Mexico
Colon
Kuuol
Clly Puebla
Karalion
i uruanu ......
Port Una ..;...
China & Japan
Kan HiHeu
Vie A Pgt Sn<J
Hutuboldtßa>
Mexic0........
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor.
Oregon ports..
H0n01u1u.....'.
Coos Bay
Newport .
San Jose de G.
Coos Bay
Portland .;....
Han D1e5r0.....
Panama
Urars Harbor.
Vie & J'ltt Una
Yaaulna Bay.
Newport . : :
Jan 23, 6pm
Jan !I».1(Iim
Jan 23, Ifii
Jan -Uiiu,
Jan 24, 9am
Jan 24. vru
Jan 25.10 am
Jan 25... Hpm
Jan 26, 3pm
Jan 2ti. spu
Jan 26. 2pm
Jan i;fJ. 12 xi
Jan 26. Vau
Jan 26,12 if
lan '11, spm
Jan 28.1uam
lan 28 Ma*
Jan 28.12 ii
Jan 18.12 v
Jan 29. sum
Jan »U. Bam
Jan 30 9*«
!'■«' i I
£' M 8 3
Pier H.
! Pier 9
P.er «
Pier 11
fler 13
I'ier 1 i
Pier 7
I'ler 1J
Pier 11
VM 8 8
Pier 8
Pl«r 34
P 't 11
PM 3 8
Pier 2
Pier i
Pier i
l"*r 11
iTl.Alll.ilS TO AKKIVE.
>T-AHKS
tROM
Uv ■
Alliance...... .".
Corona '.
Crescent City...
Willamette
Allceßlancnard
Coos Bay ......
Gaelic. ..:
Arcata .........
City ot Everett.
Del .None ;
City Puebia....
State of Ca1....
Empire .......
Bnuot. •..
Truckee
Costa Rica.
Czarina
Mexico
C1e0ne..........
North V01tK...:
Wasntenaw
Eureka. ;..-.;..
San Joan." ;
>"ara110n. ."......
San Jose
Columbia
Qneen ':.'....:.;.
Walla Walia...
Coos Bay
Hum bold. Bay.
Crescent City .......
Seai tie.....;
P0rt1and...:.....
Newport
China and Japan
coos Bay :.;..:
Nanalmo.
Grays Harbor. ..........
Victoria <fc Facet Sound
Portland
Coos Bay -
Grays Harbor..:...
Ttllamooic Bay.'
Comox
Coos Bay — .
-an Diego ."...
Crescent City ...........
Homboldt 8ay....'......
Tacoma......
Newport.
Panama.:..........."...'.
Vaauina i»av ............
Panama.. ....... .........
Portland.
San Dieg0...;.....
Victoria <sr I'u et Bonn •
..Jan 23
..Jan 23
..Jan 23
..Jan 23
..Jan 24
Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
■Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 25
Jan 25
.".Jan. 25
.Jan 26
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
.Jan 27
.Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jan, 28
..Jan 28
•Jan 28
..Jan 29
..-Jan 80
..Jan 80
. Jan 30
SLA, BOON* .\-tIJ lilt I-..
United States coast and Okod»tio Borvit
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fokt Point. Entrance to
Ban Francisco Bay. : Published by Offi
cial Authority of the superintendent- t .
' Note— The high and low ' waters occur at , the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide ta the same at both places. -
January— lß97.
Saturaav. Januar/ 23.
riMM 7.21 1 Moon rises 11.02»it
sets 6. 24 1 Moon sets.
i^! Feet
Feet
i H W
Tiiie
I, \v
M
I Feet
I. W
2743 47» 5717
8.22 6.0 9.50
4.06 5.2 11.00
4.55 6.3 12.14
5.49 5.1 1.25
LW H W
aMO ».O a4B
137 3.0 7.48
IS 4.011
0.8 5.35
O.:i 7.01
-0 2 8.32
55 1 2.27
5 5| 3 Jl
S.b
3.3
3.
3.6
11.24
■
H* W
9 47
3.8
4.0
-0 6
1-0.9
|,
Not-,— ln the above exposition of the tides ths
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In ths
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as aometlm«i
tccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on- the United States Coast. Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes lbs
height, and then the number given is subtract!
trom the depth given by the charts.
NOTICr. TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrographle
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange* is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
dlrecdoas of the world are kept on ban. tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building, on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted abont ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory at Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, ii
published the same day by the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following dar.
W. S. Hughes,
Lieutenant, U. & N.. ln charge.
The- Tfme Ball.
Branch hyt<ro«raphio Q-Tioi-. tt. a. :v.. >
Merchants' ExchaNom v v ,-.
Ban Francisco. January 22. 1897. )
The time ball on Tetegraoa Dili was droooet
exactly at noon to-day— L &>. al noon of tbe 13 Jt j
meridian, or exactly at air. ** Greenwich Mine.
W. 8. Hc.hks, V
lieutenant U. 8. N_ In charts. V
SHI 11 a-n ". ANTI.LLi-rpU.NCE.
Arrive'!.
FRIDAY. January 22.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 44 hours from
Newport: bsliast, to J R Hanlfy.
Stmr Progreso, storrs, 82 hours from Seattle:
2600 tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
. Fr stmr Madeleine, Ha non. 83 days from Peru.
via Acapulco i 7 days: ballast, to master.
Stmr Weeott. Miller, 16 hours from Fort Bragg:
183 M ft lumber, to Union Lumber Co; 1200 R R
ties, : o C A Hooper A Co.
Stmr Queen, Alexander. 62% hours trom San
Dieoto: pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen, .6 hours from Ventura:
produce, to H Dutard.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 23 bonrs from Moss Land ng,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Schr Etta B, Bourne, 9 hours from Fort Boss;
30 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Stmr Cleone, Johnson, Crescent City.
Schr Newark, Beck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landing, 160 M. ft lumber, to F Hey wood,
Cleared.
FRIDAY. January 22.
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Nay Co.
Ger ship Britannia, Haesloop. Iquique; L Haei
loop.
Br ship Otterburn, Hunter, Queenstown; Eppin
ger & Ca
Ship May Flint, Nickels, Honolulu: J D Spreek
els A Bros Co.
Bktn Gardiner City, Masters, Santa Rosalia:
Feiix San taller.
Sailed. •.•".*;'. '-Tv
FRIDAY, January 22.
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, san Pedro.
Stmr Whltesooro. Johnson • ■ . - ".- ■
Br ship sntiej. Pitt, New Whatcom.
Br ship Drum mnlr, Withers, London.
Br bark Edinburghshire. Philip, Queenstown.
Schr Sadie, Smith, Umpqua.
Schr Excelsior, Burmeister, Port Blakeley.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic. -
POINT LOBos. Jan. 22.-10 p. v Weather
hazy: wind NE: velocity 20 miles.
Charter!
The schr Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Ger ship Slam loads coal at Newcastle, Aus,
for this port.
The Ital ship Emanuele Accame is Chartered
fjr wheat to Europe, 16s 3d.
>pok«n.
Dec 30-Lat 3 N. long 30 W, Br ship Waadale.
hence Sept 27, for London. • . :' .
Dec 19-Lat 27 s, long 43 W, bark Olympic, frm k
Philadelphia, for San Francisco. 4
Domestic p'on 1
CLEONE— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Greenwood,
hence Jan 21.
EUBEKA-Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Scot a hnce
Jan 20.
■-ailed Jan 22— Stmr Corona, for San Francisco
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 2_ — schr Barbara Herns
ter and stmr Caspar, for Saa Francisco.
San DlKOO— sai. el Jan 22— Schr Fanny Du
tard. for Port Btakeley. * .
GRAYS ARBOB— Sailed Jan 22-Stmrs Del
Norte and sunol, and schr Chas R Wilson, for Ban
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 21— stmr Empire, hee
Jan 19.
Sal.cd Jan 22— Stmr Alliance, for San Francisco
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Jan 21-Brk Guardian*,
for Yokohama .
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 32-Schr Annie Larson
for san Francisco.
USAL-Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Jan 21. -— -,..
TIMBER COVE— Sailed Jan 2-_-3c_r Reliance
for san Francisco. *
IVEBSENS LANDING-Salled Jan 32-Schc
Artnurl, fjr San Franclsca
PORT LOS ANGELES— Jan 22-U 8 atm
Monadnock. .
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr North Fork.
bene. Jan 21; stmr Farallon, hence Jan 21 and
sailed for Yaqulna Bay.
ASTOBIA— SaiIed Jan 22-Br ship Agnes Os
wall, lor Cape of Good Hope; Br bark Beeswine.
for United Kingdom.
POBT TOWNSKND-Arnved Jan 18-Nor brfc
Magda, from Vaiparalsa
Eastern Ports.
NEW YOBK— Arrived Jan 21-Btmr Advance,
from Colon. l "^"Hlill**Hllil '
Foreign Port-.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Jan 20— Br bark Indore for
Port Blaseiey.
COMOX— Arrived Jan 21— Haw stmr San Mateo
hence Jan 17. .7*
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Jan 21— stmr San Juan
for san Francisco, .>,-..".
> NANAIMO— --ailed Jan 22— Ship Klwell. for
San Francisco . ....... *
. HAIPHONG-Salled Jan 20-Bkln Robert sud
den, for Puget Sound.
ANTWEBP^SaIIed Jan 22-Br ship Old Ken
sington, for san Fraucisco.
BBOWHEAD— Passed Jan 21 — Br ship John
Coo hence Sept 25, for Queenstown.
DUNGENESS— Passed Jan 20— Br ship Falk
landbank. hence July 23, tor Sunderland. •
LIVERPOOL-Sailed Jan 20— Br bark Glenlee
tor ■ regou. *
CARDIFF— In port Jan 18-Brshlp North Bid
ing, for Victoria
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan 21— Stmr San Jose, tot
San Frmnclaco.limWm\yammWmm^fmmm9*Stl_tSmSSU
GUAYMAS— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Excelsior,
from Greenwood. >
Importations.
MONTEBEY-Per olpsy-9 ska vegetables, 2__
bx abalones ->;-a . ~&"
Moss Landing— s4l sks potatoes, 2181 sks b«_r
lev. . -.-
Santa Cruz— cs cheese, 4 box butter, 1 bbl bot
tled wine, 900 bbls lime.
VENTURA- Per Tillamook— so cs honey, 133
sks dried trait, 6394 sks o--atis.
. SAN DIEGO- Per Queen- 1 pc granite, 2cs
hooks. 181 bxs oranges. .17 bxs lemons, 1 crt 74
bxs limes. 1 ox maps, 31 cs eggs. 165 pkg» mdse.
2 bdls rugs, 1 bx preserves 1 ox cheese. 12 axe
arms. 3 odls dried fish, 1 bbl wine
Port Los Angeles-9 pkgs mdse. 20 bdls pelts, 63
bales corn hus-s, % gin, 1 crate chill. 1 crate
furniture. 3is rubber goods, _ cs drugs. 1 bx to
bacco, 89 bxs oranges, 3 box lemons, 3 s<s peas.
Bedondo-43 pkgs mdse, 1 bx fruit, _ oil stoves,
1 bx tinware, _ pkgs granite, 164 bxs oranges, 10
bxs lemons. 3 bxs drugs, 4 sks chili, 1 cs axes.
Santa Barbara-181 pkgs mdse, 5 sk walnuts. 7
pkgs agricultural implements, 117 bdis hides. 80
bxs lemons, 2 pkgs wive, 9 bbls tallow, 1 bx fish,
8 sks crawfish.
. Pori Harford— sks beans. 5 sks peas, 42 pkgs «
junk, 88 pkgj mdse. 18 bxs fish. 50 sks pota.Ofs,
IS dressed calve., 2 kegs 6.% bxs butter, 12 pugs
lurniture. 69 cs eggs, i coop ducks, 1 bx clothing,
2 coops poultry, 1 coop chickens, 8 bdls dry hides,
--3 cs hats, 1 pkg hardware.
 ; Consignees.
Per Tillamook— ll Dutard : J X Armsby A Co; 8
P Milling Co; Porter Bros Jt Co.
Per Gipsy— H Cowell dt Co: Thomas Loughran;
J Martenstein: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; A W Fink-
Wolf A Son: Wetmore Bros: Well Bros A Sons;
Norton, Teller _• Co: standard Oil Co: Ban Fran
dsco. -■-.-■■-• •
Per Queen— A 8.-ndel; Redington A Co;
Russ, Sanders <ft Co: Fredericksburg Brewery: ti
•-trauss; F B Halght: Wieland Brewing Co; Ha bei
A Davis; Chicago Brewery ; Bssiuger d_ Co; Labor
Kxchan.e; Marshall A Beimers: L D Stone A Co-
Chas Harley A Co; H Klrchmann A Co; Judson
Fruit Co: Wiiilaud Produce Co; Wltzel A Baker;
C E Whitney A Co: Brie-am, Hopoe d. Co; Pac Ho
Coast Fish Co: W C Price A Co: G Camllioni A Co-
Western Meat Co: American Union Fish Co: F Url
A Co; J B inguglla: Hilts Bros: Butienck Pub
lishing Co; A Pa.lies; 8 Levy: Dairymen's Union;
Ullmer. BredhofTJt Scnu.z Jonas Erlanger A Co*
LG Sresovich <fc Co: Wetmore Bros; J Keefe A cdi'
Bassett & Bunker: W R Knight A Co; tell & ijt'.
W w LlmmlcK; Oaltou mo.; J H Cain ACo; i__r/
Geilge: L Scatena ito; Vu.cun Iron Works;' /j
BI in m.l: DE Allison <S Co : KvelethA Nash; J J
Osraer; --an Fran. Isco Storage Co: G X >.bernarot;
W Macule: sPnllllps: W.ister _: Co; G J Becht;
Crown Distillery Co: Greenbaum, Well A Michels;
John Be* nolds: Gray Barmen . Ross, Hlggln. A
Co: Bunnell <s to: W F Mitchell: Sunset Tie
gra.b a.d Telephone Co; Turkish Bug Co: Ixl '
lamale Co; CD Bunker A Co: Lewis Packing Co;.
Gundlach Wine Co: Pacific Axle Co; \V hltaker A
Bay; J ivancovicn dt Co; Levi Spiegel A Co: Geo B
Starr: Wolf A Son: Page A Son; s Levi: J W Gale
A Co: A Levy A Co; Greenhood A Co; Bell A Co-
Griffin LCa ■••■ ". "r" .HIS NERVE HOT
ONE BIT SHAKEN
The Tramp Who Cached
Stolen Jewels Held
to Answer.
. His Late Partner Tells His
Romantic Story to Judge
Pimentel.
The Prisoner Did Not Want to
Increase His Misery by Having
an Attorney.
Oakland Office Baj* Francisco Call.)
903 Broadway. Jan. 22. J
A. large crowd was present in Judge
.. Pimentel's courtroom this morning to
witness the examination of John Jen*
nings, who terrorized Herman Jarmen
with an empty revolver, and who secreted
much stolen jewelry in a deserted hut
near Sunol within four days of being re
leased from a long term at San Quentin.
Jennings was the most unconcerned
man- in the courtroom. He is evidently
Perfectly at dome in the presence of the j
/ law, and seemed to think, as Jarmen told
Yais story with a strong German accent,
that the whole affair was very funny.
The prisoner disdained the assistance of j
an attorney, making the remark that he j
. was in a bad enough bole as it was, and :
did not want to have his condition
made any worse.
Constable Lyster told of the finding of
the jewelry and its identification, and
JOHN JENNINGS, the Robber-Tramp, and the Hat in Which
He Cached His Plunder.
then Jarmen took the stand and narrated
his romantic story which was told in The
Call to-day. Jennings looked at him
carefully as the District Attorney drew
from him the detail- of his tramp with
Jennines, during which the latter advised
him to follow a life of crime as being far
more preferable to working for a living.
As Jarmen told ab ut the empty revol
ver and how en several occasions Jen
nings threatened to shoot him with it, the
prisoner laughed audibly and seemed to
consider it a tine ioke.
Nothing could be funnier than Jarmen's
description of his refusal to Kill the
chicken and make the evening meal after
Jenniugs had stolen a fat hen from a
neighboring ranch. Jarmen told the
court that he was so tender-hearted that
he would not step on a frog, and that it
was utterly impossible for him to kill a
poor little chicken.
Jennings first took up a stone and told
Jarmen to smash the chicken's head, and
when he refused he was to.d that his own
head would be smashed ii he did not com
ply. Jarmen then admitted that he was
bo fearful of the conseauences of Jennings'
revolver and the rock he held in his hand
that he consented to wring the chiCKen's
neck. He gave the court a graphic de
scription of his position at the time and
took care to state that nothing could have
induced him to murder the chicken had
he known that the gun was not loaded.
• The jewelry found in the barn and in
Jennings' pockets admitted of no defense,
and Judge Pimentel held the prisoner to
answer in the Superior Court for burglary.
HELD UP BY A WOMAN.
Threatened to Shoot Two Detectives
Who. Invaded Her House With
a snbpena.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— There was
an excitin. incident this afternoon in con
n/ tion with the Johnson case. Detec
«J .8 Shorey and Williams went to the
rV dence of Mrs. R. B. Davis, on Kirkham
etreet, to compel the attendance of Mrs.
Davis' daughter as a witness.
When the detectives reached the door
they found it locked, but soon discovered
that Mrs. Davis was at home. lhey suc
ceeded in entering the rear door, but
found the next door locked. By the use
of pass keys they opened this and also an
other floor and were about to open a
fourth when Mrs. Davis appeared.
The woman was violently angry and
held up a six-shooter. ''Don't come an
other step or I will shoot," she said.
"We are officers of the law," said Detec
tive Shofey, and as he spoke he and
Williams sprang at the woman and after
a. hard struggle disarmed her. Mrs. Davis
• was then placed, in custody and charged
• with resisting officers and exhibiting. a
deadly weapon. On examination it was
found that the pistol was fully loaded.
■ After disarming Mrs. Davis the detec
tives found her daughter locked in the
closet Both were taken to the City Hall,
and their cases will come up in the Police
Court to - morrow. Mrs. Davis is the
neighbor of Mrs. Troy, and the two
families have made more history during
the past two years than any dozen estab
lishments in West Oakland. As a result
of their feud a high fence taller than
either house now separates the property.
Dr. Sharp was admitted to bail to-day
in the sum of $8000. W. M. Kent, E.
Bishop, Charles Ratto and F. 8. Tait are
on his bond. .'.._■
.The examination of John Howard, who
l_ charged with Sharpe with the death of
3J|'Bs Johnson, commenced to-day and
_» '"-ht out some interesting testimony.
*-.-. Lizzie Keith and Mrs. Mary Van
"Zand t testitied to certain conversations
held between Howard and the dead girl's
sister while they were both confined In
the City Prison. They said that Howard
begged the girl to stick by htm, to which
she replied that she had a good mind to
tell the whole truth, as both she and :
Howard knew that he was guilty. On
cross-examination the women stuck to I
their story.
Mrs. Charles Johnson, mother of the j
f, ■ -.
dead girl, was also placed on the stand
and said she was opposed to the engage
ment of Huldah to Howard because he
had once been married, and she had
sworn to the complaint against him in this
case because she believed him to be the
one to blame. The prosecution concluded
its case to-day.
Davie Finds Many Supporters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 2..— Mayor Davie
circulated his petition yesterday to be
placed on the ticket as an independent
candidate for Mayor. In the First Ward
500 signatures were obtained, mostly of
small property-owners who approve of the
dollar-tax levy which the Mayor enforced
last year. All fealty to party has been
openly discharged in the present cam
paign, and candidates are appearing in
all directions and claim all manner of
support. Not until the ticket is made up
will it be safe to predict the probable re
sult.
To Lecture at the Manse.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— The lecture
on "When, What and How to Eat,"
which was given by Miss Kate E. Whitti
ker before the Century Club of San Pran
cisco and so enthusiastically received,
will be repeated at the Manse Social
-ettlement," corner of Eighth and Wood
streets, next Thursday evening. This will
be the second in the course of free lectures
given under the auspices of the manse.
AH those interested are most cordially in
vited to be present.
Last of a Nuisance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— The Watson
divorce case is over, and the decision of
the Judge as recorded to-day shows that
Mr. Watson listened to all kinds of phan-
torn testimony regarding his wife, and
had allowed jealousy to become his mas
ter. Tbe names of Alameda Christian
people who had been brought into it with
out a shadow of cause has mate the case
more repulsive than the average divorce
case, and, although there were faults on
both sides, Judge Ogden awarded the di
vorce to the wife on the ground of extreme
cruelty. At the same time he gave a very
peculiar description of his idea. of Mr.
Watson, as developed by the tatter's own
testimony.
FIREMAN CORNISH DIES,
Jumped From the Sunset Limited
Just Before the Col
lision.
The Coroner's Jury Did Not Hold Any
One to Blami for the
Accident.
Oakland Office Bait8 ait Fbai*cisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 22. J
"Walter J. Cornish, the fireman of the
Sunset limited who jumped from his cab
last Tuesday night when he saw that a
collision was inevitable, died at Fabiola
Hospital this morning.
An autopsy was held this afternoon and
it was found that death was due to a rup
tured intestine. When he landed on the
rocks he received the full force of his fall
on his stomach.
Cornish gradually got worse after being
I taken to the hospital and died to-day.
The Coroner's jury in the case of Fire-
I man Cornish found that he came to his
death through a rupture of the bowels,
caused by striking the rocks when he
jumped from the cab of the engine, an
autopsy having revealed this to have been
the cause of his death. The jury did not
censure any one as being to blame for
causing the accident.
The Federal Labor Union.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 22.— The annual
election of officers of Federal Labor Union
No. 5761 was held to-night and the fol
lowing were elected: President, H. B.
Wayne; vice-president, F. J.Cavanagh;
secretary, J. W. Latimer; treasurer, J.
Llewelline; sergeant-at-arms, W. 8. Lewis;
trustees— C. M. Hitchcock, E. F. Cahill,
Geortre F. Kenson.
The committee of ten were instructed to
investigate the Socialists, Populists and
"Campbell Dodge" endeavors. The union
meets every Friday evening at 1003^
Broadway. H. B. Wayne, J. W. Latimer
and J. Llewelling were- elected on the ex
ecutive committee. The organization
of a labor lyceum was made a special order
of business for next meeting.
Gained Two Dollars by Appeal.
OAKLAND, Cal, Jan. 22.— James D.
Smalley profited less by an appeal to the
Superior Court than be expected. He
brought suit against Joseph Ignacio, and
was awarded by the Justice of Eden
Township $141 damages. He appealed the
case, aud Judge Ellsworth has just ren
dered a decision holding that he is en
titled to $143.
No Quorum for Four Nights.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Politics
bare completely disorganized the City
Council and for four consecutive evenings
it has been impossible to procure a quorum.
There is much important matter to be
disposed of, and ■ unless taken up at once
legal technicalities may cause trouble.
Veterans Open the Campaign.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Army
and Navy Republican League have already
entered the campaign. They held a
largely attended meeting last night in
their headquarters and decided to fight
rigorously lor the Republican ticket. As
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
Tending Their Pets on Exhibition at the Tabernacle.
one of their members, Captain W. R.
Thomas, is the Republican nominee for I
Mayor the old soldiers can be relied upon j
to stand by their guns.
EXCESSIVE POLLTAX.
Assessor Dalton Makes Publio a little
of Ills Experience.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— County As
sessor Dalton sincerely approves of the
bill now before tbe Legislature to abolish
polltax. He gave the following interest
ing little interview:
There should be a radical change in the poll
tax law as it now stands or the Senate com
mittee bill should pass, for now it makes fish
of one and meat of another.
We probably collect in Alameda County
$.0,000 in polltaxes. One-fifth Of those liable
to the tax cannot be reached, The money so
raised Is placed ln the State school furd, and
11 tbe tax were done away with it would make
it necessary to add about S per cent to the
general tax.
il believe that $2 is too much. When the law
was passed times were better than they are
now and $2 then was not as much as $1 is at
the present time.
The Tax Collector has an opportunity to ob
serve some of the hardships Inflicted. A man
who has a wife and family to support and
earns only $2 a day for work when he can get
it can ill afford to part with his $2. The law
is mandatory, we must collect or seize, and we
have succeeded in reaching some this year for
the first time.
Taken as a whole I believe that the tax
too heavy as it stands and by raising the
money by property tax we would relieve
many from a hardship and be more just in our
laws.
OPENING OF THE SHOW,
Interest in the Poultry Exhi
bition Seems to Be Rapidly
Increasing.
School Children Will Hava a Day on
Which to Visit Their
Pets-
Oakland Officii San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 22. )
To-morrow night everything tame that
---ears feathers will be on exhibition at the
Tabernacle. The annual show of the
Pacific Poultry and Pigeon Association
will open, and as there are more entries
than ever before the event has created a
gr-at deal of interest all over the county.
The main object of the association is to
encourage the breeding and care of fowl,
ducks, pigeons and rabbits, and this view
of the matter is of much importance at
this time, as a movement has already
been started to utilize many of the idle
tracts of land in Alameda County for the
purpose of raising eggs and chickens.
Some weeks ago Mrs. W. W. Cunning
bam, an active worker in the Livermore
League of Progress, astonished residents
of Alameda County by showing that it
would be possible to raise all the eggs and
chickens that are annually imported into
this State. This can only be done by a
thorough understanding of the most
economical method of raising poultry,
and the addresses that will be made each
evening will all have a tendency toward
this great object.
In addition to hundreds of coops of all
kinds of fowl there are excellent exhibits
of turkeys, geese, ducks, pigeons, rabbits
and incubators. The display of carrier
pigeons is larger than ever and shows a
marked increase of interest in their breed
ing. Trustee Leydecker of Alameda has
several of his finest homers in the coop,
and one of them has the mark of a shot on
the little ring around . its leg. This was
one of a large number recently released
from some distant point, only four of
which returned home, the remainder hav
ing been shot.
There are over 2000 exhibits, and the
poultry fanciers from San Diego to British
Columbia are interested in the show. To
morrow evening Professor Hilgard of the
university and Hugh Craig will deliver
short addresses and the Acme Club will
give an athletic exhibition.
It is the desire of the management to
let the school children have the full bene
fit of tbe lesson to be derived from seeing
the well-kept birds, and arrangements
have been made by which all the pupils
of the different schools will be admitted
free at certain times.
There are more fancy birds than at any
previous show, and their owners are con
stantly in attendance upon them.
The officers of the association are:
President, Ed Ellis of Santa Rosa; vice
president, T. W. Leydec.er of Alameda;
secretary, Frank Seed of Alameda; treasurer,
H. E. Curzons of Alameda.
Directors — William H. Arps of Oakland,
George H. Croley of San Francisco, G. W. Cum
bers of Alameda, H. E. Curzoii. of Alameda,
Charles F. Earle of Sonoma, Ed Ellis of Santa
Rosa, George F. Emery of Oakland, T. W. Ley
decker ol Alameda, Frank Seed of Alameda,
8. A. Wells of San Francisco, W. R. Wright of
Berkeley.
The following officials are judging the
exhibits: _, . ,"..;;• "
Judge of poultry, I. K. Felon of Natlck.
Mass.; Judge of pigeons, J. W. Bayers of Ala.
meda; assistant secretary, T. Erskine of So
noma; manager, Craigle Bharp; superintend
ent of livestock, Charles W. Cumbers of Ala
meda; assistant superintendent of livestock,
Frank Powell of Santa Rosa.
Gone to Help His Uncle.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Maceo's
nephew, Antonio Maria , Macao, who has
been working at the racetrack for several
months, is on bis way to New York, from
where he intends to go down to Cuba to
help bis uncle. Some time ago he served
as a seaman on board the United States
cruiser Bennington.
Was Not Suicide.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— The Cor
oner's jury found that Thomas . Curran
died of fatty degeneration cf the heart,
and thus exploded the theory that be had
committed suicide by taking laudanum.
Journalistic Kottenness
Pungently paragraphed 1 in to-day's News
Letter.- n .-' : '-^ '.'■■':^aWßi
SIXTY BERKELEY
ATHLETES TO TRAIN
Work on Both Track and
Diamond to Begin at
Once.
Seven Members of the '96 Var
sity Nine to Play
Again.
Charles Irwin of th Cincinnati Team
May Be Selected to Coach the
Baseball M-n.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22,-Sixty ath
letes at the State University will begin
regular training next Monday for honors
on the track and diamond.
Forty of these will don the spikes and
the remaining twenty will twirl the ball.
The introductory work for the track ath
letes on Monday will be a cross-country
run of an hour's length, and then the reg
ular gymnasium training and field work
will begin in earnest, preparatory to the
spring intercollegiate meet in April. An
enthusiastic meeting of the athletes was
held this afternoon, at which the general
plan for the season's training was out
lined by Track Captain Brown and Colonel
George C. Edwards.
Tho entire gymnasium work will be
under the direction of Professor Magee,
who will be assisted by At Lean, the pro
fessional trainer, who has been employed.
Until March 1 most or the work will be in
the gymnasium at the chest-weights and
rings. After that date the team will be
divided into squads, which will be drilled
in their specialties Independently. At the
end of a few weeks' practice a general
tryont will be held, and all those who
come up to a certain standard will be per
mitted to nse the training-house at the
track. ' '„. "'•*:'
The others will be accorded the use of
the gymnasium. Professor Magee has
excused a number of the most promising
men on the team from the regular pre
scribed gymnasium work under the con
dition that they train regularly on the
track. These men are as follows: Barnes,
Broughton, Carver, Cheek," Dawson,
Drum, Griffin, Hooper, Custer, Lloyd,
McNab, Simonds, Squires, Westerfeld.
At the meeting • the . following forty
sprinters, hurdlers, jumpers, distance
men and weight-throwers entered their
names on the list of events, as follows:
100-yard dash— Dickie, Barnes, Broughton,
Drum, Miller.
220ryard dash— Barnes, Dickie, Herschoff,
Drum, Broughton.
440-yard Humphreys, McNabb, Dren
nan, Dickie, Broughton.
. Distance runs, half a mile and mile— Carroll,
Starr, Magee. Wise, Olney, Rasmussen, Hicks,
Anderson, Luck in ger, Haswell, Hodgkin,
Jackson.
MUo 'walk— Griffin, Westerfeld, Aitken,
Skalfe.
Hurdles— Cheek, Dawson, Hoffman, Custer,
Miller, BaKo well, Ellis, Burrell, Toland.
Wheel— Squires, Crofts, Custer.
Broad jump— Dozler, Slmonds, Cheek, Ellis,
Goodall, Miller, Lloyd, McNabb, Dresser, Hum
phreys.
High Humphreys, McNabb, Slmonds,
Goodall, Hoffman, Dozier, Miller, Lloyd.
Hammer throw— Edgren, Carver, Hooper,
Ludlow.
Shot put— Lloyd, Edgren, Cheek, McNabb,
Ludlow, Newman, Hughes, Goodall.
Pole vault— Lloyd, Cheek, Hoffman, Wumma,
Elston.
Baseball promises to furnish a more
fruitful source of interest this year than
any season heretofore. The sad experi
ence of meeting defeat after defeat at the
hands of th Palo Alto men has had the
effect of spurring the Berkeley men to
more strenuous efforts each year. Their
record last year was an improvement on
the year before, and the work of 1894 was
superior to that of 1893. Of the 1896 Var
sity players who will return there are
Krug, Elston, Hoag, Proctor, McLaren,
Hennesey and Wheeler.
The loss by graduation of Morden as
pitcher and a fielder leaves these two
places vacant. Kaarsburg will try. for the
place at the box and "Dud" Dean is out
for the vacant place in the field. Mem
1900 promises to give Wheeler a hard
fight for catcher on the "Varsity team this
year, and Belding 1900, a clever little
player, is out for second base. As to the
merits of the other candidates, the season
is almost too early to give a wise forecast.
The dental college men say they have a
surprise to spring in the way of a crack
battery.
> L. ; M. Farrish '98, the newly elected
manager of tbe nine, is in search of a pro
fessional coach. Correspondence * with
several champions has been carried on,
but with no definite results. There is talk
of securing Charles Irwin, third baseman
on last year's Cincinnati team, who is at
present in San Francisco.
Boark Was Seen.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22— Thomas
P. Roark, the missing carpenter, whose
wife thinks he was , murdered,'' has been
seen in Los Angeles. Reports Indicate
that he has simply deserted his wife and
family. ' '?^^p-^i[pßS^pßMM_ggßg|
Receiving Many Congratulations
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 22.— Joseph
and Mis. Le Conte, who returned yester
day from their Eastern and European
trip, were in receipt of many complimen
ary messages to-day. Scores of old friends
called at the Le Conte residence, on Ban
croft way, to extend their congratulations
to the' happy pair, who have just cele
brated their golden wedding.^'Tney were j
both well and hearty save a slight cold, j
• *
which Dr. "Joe" contracted on the home
ward trip. He will begin his regular work
at the university next Monday.
, Active preparations are being made for
the grand reception to be paid them at
Mark Hopkins Institute of ' Art on Feb
ruary 3. •,
Brief News Notes.
M. L. Hanscom, Town Clerk, and I. W. Wells,
Assessor, have announced themselves candi
dates for re-election.
A social reception to students who have re
turned from vacation trips was held in Trinity
Church this evening.
The North Berkeley Fire Company has de
clared in favor of A. L." Ott for Fire Chief.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians . has in
stalled the following officers: J. M. Doyle,
president; M. J. Powell, vice-president; Ber
nard Riv.uey, recording secretary; J. B.
Meally, financial secretary; E. J. Toomley,
treasurer. ' ;
TARGET CHAMPIONSHIP.
The First Regiment Will "Have to
Shoot Against the Fifth to
Hold It.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 22.— A squad of
fifteen men from Company G will shoot
against a like squad from Company F of
Oakland on Sunday, February 7, on the
High-street grounds. The purpose of
this trial is the selection of 100 men of the
Fifth Regiment to challenge a like num
ber from the First Regiment, who now
bold championship against the Hawaiian
National Guard. Company G. will proba
bly present the following men for the
shoot: Major J. F. Hayes, Captain M. W.
Simpson, Lieutenant C. E. Pickett; Ser
geants J. H. Whittich, C. M. Day; Pri
vates William Higby, F. E. Browning, A.
Huff, C. Shafer, B. F. Lamborn, B. Hen
derson, H. Russel, 0. Riehl, C. V. La Due.
Substitutes — Musician C. Wessel, Privates
J. E. Hadley, H. Morton, E. Harvey.
May Be Disbanded
AIiAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 22.— The com
plaint filed with the Board of Trustees last
Monday evening by Chief Krauth of the
Fire Department, charging the volunteers
with failing to respond to fire alarms, may
result in the disbandment of some of the
local companies. In speaking of the mat
ter to-day Trustee Leydecker, chairman of
the Committee on the Fire Department,
said: "We pay tbese companies $20 per
month out or the city treasury, and what
do they do with it? I say this: If the
volunteers can't show up at fires, why not
disband them ?" A meeting of the fore
men of the various companies, in conjunc
tion with the Committee on Fire, Police,
etc., will be held, when the whole matter
will be gone into thoroughly.
Mrs. Borland Has Resigned.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Mrs. 8. 0.
Borland has sent the following declination
to the Populist City Central Committee:
Gentlemen : 1 most respectfully decline the
nomination for School Director at large given
me by your convention Tuesday evening. The
nomination was without my knowledge or con
sent, and while I appreciate tbe honor you
have conferred upon me, both at this time and
in the past, lt will be impossible for me to ac
cept the nomination.
Suit to Recover Taxes.
OAKLAND, CaI., Jan. 22.— The Farmers'
and Merchants' Bank has brought sui)
against the county to recover $637 of taxes
paid under protest upon solvent credits
from which it is alleged that the proper
deductions were not made on account of
debt owed by the bank to its depositors.
This is the same contention that arose
some months ago. and now the matter has
been taken into court for adjudication.
THE PENSION OfPIOE.
In Addition to Its Regular Functions
Is an Information Bureau.
"The Pension Office, besides examining
into pension claims and passingon them,"
observed an official of the Pension Office,
"does an enormous amount of other busi
! ness in the way of. uniting and reuniting
• a
'■■ §
»3
B*.
»g :
• a
: B
81
c ■*
: g
! E
• c.
-I*
§ S
: *
: §
as
:|
• o
California
Other States
$397. 000
1,740,504
$317,850
1.357 168
17.000
Total A merlcan
Foreign
$2.138,(J(HJ
2.567,000
if1,t>74,&18
2,142,797
$1.J77,00H
1.i.74.001.
$1. 193,049
),46 - 2,.i47
60
t!6
71.2
67.7
Grand total
11,704,68-1
18,817,81';
n 850.6.'-
-*2,815,597
60.6
families; we find husbands for wives,
wives for husbands, parents for children
and children for parents. Only recently
a case came under my observation which
illustrates my meaning, and itis a sample
of a number of others. An application
was received from a lady who applied for
a widow's pension. She gave the name
of her husband, his service, company and
regiment. In looking into the claim it
was found that the husband was alive and
drawing a pension through the pension
agency at Chicago. The woman, who re
sides in Massachusetts, was so informed.
-'Immediately came a reply from her
asking the address of tbe man, which was
furnished. A correspondence ensued be-
tween them, and when they satisfied
themselves that they were on the right
track they arranged a meeting. The man
thought that his wife had died, and at the
close of the war entered the regular army
and went West. The woman, not hearing
from the man, became convinced that ho
bad been killed or had died. She was un
officially informed that he had died in a
hospital, and supposed it was a fact. In
the meantime she had married again.
Her second husband died, and had been
dead over ten years when she applied for
a pension. >sgb-ijß_Bf
"Another case I call to mind is that of
a soldier who ori-inally lived at Niagara
Falls. He went in the army and served
under Sherman. At the close of the war
he settled in New Orleans. He had posi
tive information that his wife had died,
but be never was able to get any informa
tion as to what had become of his three
fOMrXNIES.
■'■■*«
S;
: a
: §
■ m
c>3
• c
: 3
tr 1
II
cm
i 2
: a.
22
si
to
Oi
: »
• B
'• o
I_|O
g-
-09
: W
: ?.
• o
California
Other States
8741,000
3,196,000
*626.'
2,76b,!
r 4l
1,
.$35 6,237
1,455,877
Total American
Foreign
$3,987000
4,673,000
$3,893, 1*71
4,159.507
52.U86.000
2,506,000
$1.H1'J,114
2,436,U1b
62.9
54. -
63.4
57.2
Grand total
609,501'
57,665.17b
,729
63.4
55.5
children, except that they had been sent
to an orphan asylum. He did not know
in wbat State tbe orphan asylum was lo
cated; neither did the children know
whether their father was dead or alive,
though from what they had been able to
pick up in the way of information from
time to time tbey had concluded he had
passed to the other side.*
"It happened that the daughter of the
soldier not only grew up to be a beautiful
woman, but had married a wealthy man.
She wrote tbe War Department to : learn
of the whereabouts of her father's grave,
but tbere was no record of it. *.'. She then
wrote to the Pension Office for the address
of a man she had heard ; served with her
father and who atone time lived at Niagara
Falls. The ending of it all was that the
children found the father and the father
found his children. There are hundreds
of such cases, though, of course, the num
ber of them is becoming ; smaller as ' time
passes. Tbere was a time in the history
of the Pension Offlce when such cases were
of frequent occurrence." -— Washington
Stor.
The Prosecuting Attorney of - Allegan,
Mich., is advocating f a bill ordering that
the names . of . all \ purchasers of liquor at
drugstores shall be published.
■ The wealth .of " Great ■ Britain has in
creased 500 per cent within - the , last hun
dred years. °
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria 9
'■•■•"■.'■•'•_. :■-"".>*••"■ -p.".' -.-"':'' '-■'•*.•.>',". .-' ■ i.?'pp'^:.
INSURANCE WAR
AND ITS LOSSES
Premiums for the Coast
Shrink Nearly Two
Million Dollars.
General Falling Off in Volume
of Business and Profits
Demoralized.
Looses Fa d Remain Nearly as Large
as Ever and the Loss Ratio "
Increases.
The local fire insurance men have been
brought to a realization of the demoraliz
ing effects of cutting rates indiscrimi
nately. They have pone through a year
that gave but small profit, and now that
the year's business is published in statis
tical form there are many surprises all
along the line. These long rows of figures
show that in California alone the fire in
surance business dropped off last year
more than $1,000,000, or about one-fourth.
The general managers of the different
fire insurance companies engaged in busi
ness in California make annual state
ments for purposes of taxation and other
reasons. These figures are collected into
statistical form, showing the business for
the year ending December 31, but they do
not appear until near the end of the fol
lowing month. /^' .V;,V; ;^ "', ':^\
On this occasion considerable curiosity
was manifested in the results, as for some
months past agents quite ireely stated
their opinions that the showing would be
of such a nature as to predict the with
drawal of several small companies from
the Pacific Coast, owing to the losses con
sequent upon the bitter warfare among
agencies. And now that the tabular state
ment is out there are rumors (which more
than one insurance man asserts to be well
founded) to the effect that some smaller
offices are on the verge of closing, and
thereby leaving the held to their more
wealthy and poweriul rivals.
One feature of the year's business and
changes is strongly presented in the sta
tistics, so forcibly indeed as to cause sur
prise. It Is the effect of companies closing
their general agencies here and making
the Pacific Coast tributary to Chicago, or
a part of tbat territory. The business sub
jected to this test is seen to have suffered
neavily. The coast field was not remuner
ative enough for them to continue fine
offices in San Francisco with general man
agers, so expenses were curtailed and
affaiis managed from Chicago. ' But this
plan caused trouble; delays were fre
quent; doing business with a manager so
far away Irom the scene did not prove
pleasant or successful."^B£J§_|_jyfa
The two home companies, although
doing a conservative business, fell behind.
The Fireman's Fund dropped from $275,
--000, its 1895 total of premiums received, to
$200,000, and the Home Mutual went from
$122,000 to $108,074. In each case the lo- 8
ratio to premiums was higher ■ than in
1895. But, then, all the companies suf
fered. ' , - "** ,r ' '■'
The following table will show the dimi
nution of ii.6 insurance business in 1896
through cutting rates: ,
The figures for 1895 are given in round
numbers, but the difference in either was
not over a few hundred dollars most.
Looking back over the totals of former
years, it is seen that the amount of pre
miums received in 1892 was $7,007,460, and
the losses paid only $2,727,908, being- a
ratio of 38.9. Then fire • insurance busi
ness was nearly the same in risks written
as in 1896, but owing to reduction of rates
the premiums received were nearly double
those of 1896, while the loss ratio was little
more than half. In 1894 the totals of pre
miums received was $6,337,060. losses
paid $2,815,670; loss ratio 44.4. But. the
next year the insurance compact went to
pieces, and with it rates were demoralized.
The premiums received in 1895 were nearly
one-third less, being only $4,704,584, the
losses paid were, however, greater, being
$2,850,672, and the ratio in consequence
went up to 60.6 per centum. This ratio
has been steadily advancing sine* 1891 till
it has reached pretty near the limit where
profit ends.
While the decrease was quite general,
there are a few offices which show a de
cided improvement, and they were leaders
in the fight. Rolla V. Watts. Brown &
Sons, Robert Dickson, H. K. Beiden and
T. Edward Pope, all came out of the year
with large increases in business, though
of course the profits were not so large as
they might have been.
The chart of the Pacific Coast business
for 1896 appeared yesterday as compiled
by the Coast Review. , It shows a decrease
in the amount of premiums' received of
just $2,000,000 in the tire insurance busi
on the coast. The figures are as follows:
For the sake of comparison the figures
for 1895, as shown in round numbers, will
afford a correct view of the decline. ' As
in the California business there has been
a steady downward tendency on the Pa
cific Coast in fire insurance since 1892, as a
consequence of the rate war among agents.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
Voting— H., City. This department does
not know of any law that will prevent a person
nominated lor an office from voting for him
self.; :<■ ■ .■•■■■.•..:■ '■' ■■■■ v.y. ... . - ■
The Trocha— G. C, City. In the issue of
The Call of January 6, current year, you will
find In "Answers to Correspondents" s full ex
planation of the "Trocha" as used in relation
to Cuban affairs. '
Cutting Cards— ' City., In . playing
cards at any game the general rule is that if a
player is offered the cards nnd he declines to
cut them the dealer must deal them just as if
they had been cut. The dealer has no right te
cut them."
Mollie Fuller— . City. The omission of
the word "not" in a an answer published last
Sunday gave the reverse of what was intended.
"Mollie Fuller is not a sister of La Loie Fuller"
is the way It should have appeared.
Monet Invested— 8., City. This corre
spondent asks: "In case a wife puts money
into business and the Investment proves suc
cessful, which is entitled to the profits, the
wife or the husband?" In the State of Call
Auction Sales
/GROCERY AUCTIOH-
THIS DAY (SATO KDAY) AT 11 A. M.,
COB. PAGE AND WEBSTER STS.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
602 Market street.
fornla if the money invested was the personal
money of the wite she would be entitled to
the principal and profits; if it was money ac
quired Dy husband and wife after marriage, or
by the husband after marriage, not by gift,
Inheritance, or was money that was his per
sonal property before marriage, the principal
and profit, would be community property.
Nativity of Soldiers— E. E. S., Sutter Creek,
Amador County, Cal. Your question as to the
number of American-born men there are in
the army of the United States was submitted
to the War Department at Washington, D.C,
and the following is the answer received:
We do not have titles showing the percent
age of native-born citizens in the United fct-tes
army. The commissioned officers are all citizen-
of the United States— a very small percentage by
naturalisation. In 1894 about 76 per cent ot the
enlisted men were citizens by birth or naturaliza
. tion. ..less (he [percentage of citizens la
greater now ln consequence of the act of August 1,
; 1891. as to enlistments. Of the number of citi
zens In the United States army probably not over
10 per cent are of foreign birth.
The act referred to in the communication
has the following :
' Section 2. That hereafter all enlistments in the
army shall be for the term of three years, and no
soldier shall be again enlisted In tbe army whose
service during his last preceding term of enlist
ment has not been honest ana faithful; and in
time of peace no person (except an Indian) who Is
not a citizen of the United States, or who lias not
made legal declaration of his Intention to become
a citizen of the United Slates, or' who cannot
speak, read and write in the English language, or
who Is over SO years of age shall be enlisted for
the first enlistment in the army.
The Popular Vote— L. M. T., City. The fol
lowing shows the popular vote for Presidents
of tho United States since 1824, the time when
electors were chosen by popular vote instead
of by Legislatures.
1824— J. Q. Adams 105,321, Jackson 155.
--872, Crawford 44,288, Clay 46,587. (The eiec
tion;wen to the House and Adamswas elected.)
Jackson 687,231. Adams 509,097.
Jackson 687,502, Clay 530,189, Floyd
and Wirt combined 33,108.
1836— Van Buren 671,549; combined vote
of Harrison, White, Webster. Maguln 736,656.
1840— Harrison 1,275,017, Van Buren 1,128,
--702. Birftey 7059.
1844— Polk 1,337,243,C1ay 1,299,068, Birney
62,300.
1848— 1,360,101, Cass 1,220,544, Van
Buren 291.263.
1852 — Pierce 1,601,474, Scott 1.386,578,
Hale 156,140.
1856— Buchanan 1,838,169, Fremont 1,341,
--642, Fillmore 876,534
1860— Lincoln 1,866,352, Douglass 1,373.
--157, Breckinridge 845,763, Bell 589,581.
Lincoln 2,216.067, McClellan 1,808,
--725. (Eleven States not voting.)
1868— Grant 3,015,071, Seymour 2,709,613.
(Three States not voting.)
1872— Grant 3,597,070. Greeley 2,834,079,
O'Conor 29,408, Back 5608.
1876— Haves 4,033,950, Tilden 4,284.835,
Cooper 81,740, Smith 9522, scattering? 2636.
1880— Garfield 4.449,053, Hancock 4,442,
--035, Weaver 307,306, scattering 12.576.
1884— Cleveland 4,913,248, Blame 4,848.
--150. St. John 151,062. Butler 133,728.
1888— Harrison 5,430,607, Cleveland 5,538,
--045, Fisk 257,243, to labor Issue 114,623.
1892— Cleveland 5.553,142, Harrison 5,186,
--931. Weaver 1,030, 128, Bidweil 268.211.
• 1896— McKinley 7,105,959, Brvan 6.454,943,
Palmer 132,870, Levering 131,748, Bentley
13,873, Matchett 36,260.
LATEST SHll'l'lNti INTELLIUEN UK.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer--
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 22--tmr Virginia,
from Stettin, etc.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved ont Jan 22-Stmr
I Bosnia
• GENOA— Jan 22-Stmr. Folds, for New
York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Jan 31— Stmr Clrcassla, for
New Yor_.
■ LIZARD— Pas-ed Jan 23— Stmr Phoenicia, from
New York for Hamburg.
DUNNET HEAD- Passed Jan 22-s:m r Island,
from New York for Copenhagen.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNYNT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Carr* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. ■*. Uf BBOHT. Bex 1037. San Francisco..
OCEAN TRAVEL. _
PACIFIC COAST STEAffISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY J%___
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: <^ ar flT
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Jnneau. Kit-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wra-.com 'Belllnzham Bay, Wash.), 9a. it
Jan. 4.9, 14, 19,24,29, and every flfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R
8., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. St., Jan. 4, 8,12, 16,
20. 24. 23. and every fourth day thereafter.
• For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Ban Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. si.
Jan. 2, 8, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
Veles. Bedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20,24,28, andevery fourth
day thereafter. : '
For Ensenada, San . Jose del Cabo, Masatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. it 25th of each month.
The Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
JEPOI=t , a?3L*-A.r^ x>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
FA T>T?/»1- First-olass \ Including
-VltJ.jp, sti Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Colombia ....Jan. 8, Feb. 2,13, 22
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 87
Through tickets and - through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to .... . .'..-_
. F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Superintendents
COMPAGSIEGESERAL TRMSATLISTIQDS
French Line to Havre. .
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH _/W___
River, teg. of Morton st. Travelers by «*Jy_j3
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel ln a email
boat.' New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts,
first class 160, second class "5110.
LA GA5C0GNE.'......*..... Jan. 30. 9 Alt
LABRETAGNE ...;.. ...... Feb 6, SA. If.
LANORMANDIE ..........Feb. 13, 9 a.m.
La BOURGOONE ...'... ......Feb. 20. sa. it
LA CHAMPAGNE .....Feb. 27, 8:30 A. it
X__r For farther particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
_-..'*■.'*'. • No. 8, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. . , * '
P_PH__||_l S.S. AUSTRALIA for
nfiSnlE HONOLULU only,
riwiv Tuesday, Januar. ._,
.'^m——^m- at 2p. it Special party
_a__ I • > rates.
JmITmIIpD-} The H. S. MONOWAI
HCOilpOillU" l ' callse alls via HONOLULU
/SmR3I?H» * * AUCKLAND for
\yiipUltq' SYDNEY, Thursday,
February 4, at 2 p. st
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRKCKELS & BROS. CO- Agents.
•,'*.■ • • / 114 Montgomery street
' Freight Offloe, 337 Market st- san Francisco. .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washing-ton St-,
At 6 P. M. Dally. Freight received -ap
to .S: 30 P.M.
$_" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points on Valley
Railroad. .
! STEAMERS:
T. O. "Walker,' J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. aud Inapt. \ia
FOR VALLEJO AID U. S. MM IRD.
STEAMER. "MONTICEL-O,"
Dally ex. Saturday <fc Sun.. 10:30 a. it and 4 1*. St.
Saturdays -.... ,*10:30 a. St., 4 p. __
Sundays • .....8 p. St.
Landing Mission-street Dock, Pier _.
'- ' Telephone Black 261.
- Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy- Yard. .
FOR JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
day. .Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. it Arvfso
'1 uesday. Thursday, Saturday, at 8 p. it : Freight
and Passenger. Faro between San Francisco and
Aivlso, 50c: to San Jose, 75c. Clay at- Pi_riT
!iU W. feaatu Clara st., Su^os* ,r .
'..■..■"•.' -'. -.-!:-'■
1112
FAVORITES WON
ACROSS THE BAY
Four First Choices Tipped
the Scales at Emery
ville.
Doyle Fooled the Wise Ones by
Again Scoring Winning
Brackets.
May R, a "Good Thing," Beaten Out
by Harold Lindsay— Salisbury II
Downed Simmons,
The racing at Emeryville yesterday was
tame and devoid of excitement. Favorites
managed to poke their noses over the wire
first on four different occasions, and the
books suffered some heavy losses. The
day and track were perfect, and the
betting all that could be desired.
A good thing that was played for a
"killing" in the opening event, a seven
furlong run for maidens, narrowly escaped
going through. Opening in the betting at
30 to 1, May R, a filly by imp. Midlothian
or Marten hurst, was pounded down to 12
to 1, which price later went back to 25
a;rain. She was in front and looked a
winner until well into the stretch, where
the second choice, Harold Lindsay, came
up, and under Thorpe's energetic hand
ling beat the bottled-up one out a head.
Philip H finished in the show. The Bto 5
choice Basquil, slow to get in motion, was
a good fourth.
Louis Ezell had very good success with
his pair, The Cheat and Queen Mab, in
the three and a half furlong dash for two
year-olds. The duo were backed down
from twos to 9 to 10, and The Cheat won
by a couple of lengths, with his stable
mate second under double wraps, in 43%
seconds. Golden Echo was third.
With additional weight on her back
Hermanita was considered a certainty to
beat Doyle in the mile and a furlong
event, yet she scored an ignominious
failure, failing to even run third. Doyle
was allowed to drop back in the betting
from tbree to 11 to 2, and in a mild sort of
a drive at the end easily disposed of the
3to 2 choice, Little Bob. Claudius made
bis reappearance and finished third at
odds of 15 to 1.
Osric II has the Indian sign on Arrezzo
beyond a doubt. Tbe duo again locked
horns in the fourth race at six furlongs
and closed equal favorites in the betting
at 2to 1. Dogget managed to get Arrezzo
away first, but be dropped back, and,
although running strong through the
stretch, was beaten out two lengths by the
Burns & Waterhouse representative. Miss
Baker was a close third.
The owners of the chestnut sprinter
Simmons thought their horse good
enough to give Salisbury II a strong argu
ment- in the six-furlong sprint that fol
lowed, but he failed to fulfill their expec
tations.
Starting a 3 to 5 favorite Salisbury lea
throughout, and was two lengths to the
good as the wire was reached. Banjo was
an indifferent third behind Simmons.
Both Rosebud and Cabriilo closed at 7
to 5 in tbe betting on tbe final race of tbe
day, a -mile run. Rosebud bad raced
Kowalsky's bead off by the time tbe
stretch was reached, but when challenged
by Cabriilo was unequal to the occasion,
and succumbed by a head in 1:42. The
winner was ridden witb excellent judg
ment by Cash Sloan.
ENTRIES AM) SELECTIONS.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-Quarters of a mile, high-weight
hand. cap.
426 Manchester... 1201 405 Draught .105
4-3 sugar Foot 101 .10 Monterey. 110
421 Roadrunner 116 224 Rapido. 106
1"7 Nebula 90 404 Mcnac 105
175 Edge-mount.... 112 276 Joe Hill. 100
THE "CALL" RACING -GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Friday. January 22.
w day ot the winter meeting:, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
Thlrty-efghth
427. " RBT
■417 (Harold Lindsay.. 105
237 I May R 100
405 Philip H 102
416 Easqull 110
392 Da capo. 107
392 Cogent 110
405 Claadiana 105
405 Dr. Martin 110
;-,92 Lindendale 100
389 Defender 105
392 Chertdaa 105
Braxey 105
375 Autocrat 110
4.7 The Tourist 105
Horse, weight.
St.
~2~
1
3
11
8
6
13
7
i 9
6
10
12
4
left
Vi
2 1
1 1
82
7h
6 1
101
4 n
3b
12
13
6b
!*■
3?
4 1
ZP
91
11
10
51
81
12
13
1%
2 'i
54
32
4 3
63
72
8 1
101
91
11
12
13
1 h
2^l
34
4 1
51
67
73
8 8 '
96
10 3
11 10
12 20
13
Thorpe
fcpencer
H. Martin
Jones
.Hennessey
V. Sioa-...
J. Ward
Bozeman
J. \Voods.
McDonald
shephard
J. Hhields
m. Wilson
Bnrllngame
3
15
5
65
16
20
50
30
50
20
2\
30
100
60
13-5
20
3
8-5
15
60
100
50
ISO
60
60
40
500
50
! !
Good start.
1:301/4.
Won driving. Winner, H. T. Griffin's b. c by Imp. simple Simon-Bertha. Time,
A'}Q SECOND RA
The Cheat 108
411 Queen Mat>....lo4>£
399 Golden Echo. luz
411 Bltz 105
399 CalestaK. 10*
Hertha. 106
Horse, weight.
1
2
4
3
6 a
ran out
1?
6
3h
41
1 1
2 2
3%
4 4
6
Bet
Fin. Jockey- Op.
1 3 i»ogc«tt a
2 1 T. ilcHn-h.... «
3 h H. i.anln 2
4 4 Jones 2
5 Thompson 10
Golden 10
tttng.
9-10
•
4
2
25
2J
Good start. Won handily.
•Coupled with The Cheat.
Winner, L. Ezelle's b. c. by imp. Deceiver-Katie J. Time, :*33/ A .
A')Q THIKD RACE-One and an eighth
upward; purse 8400.
Index. l
412 ;
407
■"4Y2 I
420 !
409 ;
[Done. 5 110
Little Bub, 5 103
'Claudius, 6 112
iHermanita, 5 104
bollock. 4 1051
iPeirarcb, 4 101
jKveutlde, 4 96
Horse, age, weight.
1
3 !
4
2
I b
6
7
Btd. 14 % % Str. Fin. '. Jockey.
12**!!? IT" 3% 82 I* {Slaughter
<3h 6V4 66 51 10 21* Jo es...
7 I 5h 620 3 2 .12 Thorpe..
iy* 3 2V4 2 2 11 1U 4b H.Martin
fVi, 4h 3% 41 42 510 Hei:He,sey
It ll Ya h* «l%«10 610 R.150m... .
*h 6h 7 7 7 7 Lanic
Betting.
<)p. ci.
2
5 2
6
8-6
6
15
20
11-2
3-2
15
2
12
20
200
I
Good start. Won easily. \v inner, B. Schrelber's b. g., by MacDuff-Mlss Laurence. Time, 1:86.
AOf) FOURTH KACt— '
Index. Hone, weight.
(393) Osric 11 ]
41V Arrezzo j
3H9 Miss Halter
406 Rletizl :
HBtt Principle
416 .Mm Biackburn...]
357 Mercuilo j
Major >'ludd ]
|Seven l"p ]
a
1
4
8
2
7
5
9
6
i
',% %
73 6i£
6h 7h
SI X 8*
9 9
Ink 11
41 -z h
8 2 86
6 1 6 Vi
31 3%
4 3
62
IP
13
3 3
5*
7%
12 Thorpe
2h Doggeu
3 2 Klaughter
4 1 K. Isom
5 3 ( la-viion
810 Hennessey
7 6 C. Sloan
8 h J. shields.
9 Bozeman
Jockey.
7-6
6
4
20
5
40
40
60
2
2
5
a
BO
12
200
100
600
l:16i/? IMrl ' W °" ttandlly - Wlnn «- Bn »"» & Waterhoube's b. c, by Ben AM-Bha.ta. Time,
| O I -FIFTH RACE— 1 hree-quarters of
ana upward; purse *400.
Index.
Horse, age. weight.
413
416
410
414
409 I
404 I
Salisbury 11, 4... 109
Simmons, 6 109
lianjo, 6 109
Bluebell. 6. 107
Isabelle. 4 IU4
i Heartsease, 4 104
1
3
5
•>
6
5
4
I?
6
2b
1 1
tt
2 h
1 3
22
52
6
4*
3V»
12
5 6
7
Thorpe
Di ggett
Speucer.
C. >loan
Clawson
Hennessy
. 7-10
6-6 3-2
50 100
12 ' 40
Id ) 300
20 40
Good start. Won e«Hl!y. Winner, Burns A Waterbo use's br. h., by Raclne-imp. K.irt. Time, 1:15.
432. BIXTH
: purse #400.
JDdex.
Index. Horse, ace, weight. St. Vi y 2
408 (abrillo, 5 109 3 43 31
380 'Rosebud, 5 104 2 2 1 lh
(4U4) San Marco, 4. ...IU4 7 6 b dy,
415 Kowalsky, 4 104 1 lh 2 1
398 Favory, 6 109 8 6Vi 5 1
412 Hea Hpray. 6 106 4 7 7 2
220 Instigator. 4 104 6 8 8
414 Woodchoi>per,»..lo9 5 3y% 4V4
2 S 1*
64
1 h
$3*
8
71
31
i&
23
6 3
»4
75
8
Fin. Jockey. "*
Ih. C. Sloan... ...
28 Jones '.'.
By% Hennfssey ...'.
;4 li Slaughter.. '.
6 10 5pencer.........
610 K. JB>m...
720 H. Martin .....
: 8 =•■■ Doggett .......;
2-3
6-6
8
6
20
12
10
■ 0i ;
7-5
7-5
12
15
100
20
20
20
Gooa start.
Time, 1:42.
Won driving Winner, R. Van Brunt's b. h., by St. gaviour-lnjp.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling.
416 Coda.... 94 412 Sea Spray 101
412 Karl Cochran.. 961 418 Loben.ula. 108
414 St. Algcon 96 415 'i wo Cheers.... 101
381 Warrago 99 ,416 Trix . .* 101
4-2 Examiner 105 387 George Rose ...101
414 Foremost. 101 412 scimitar 99
Tblrd race, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile, purse.
149 Skalkaho 104 248 Lincoln II P4
(418)Mt. McGregor.. 109 .... David 104
414 America 97 424 Frank J aubert.. 98
413 Yankee Doodle. 99 90 Flashlight 102
Fourth race, one mile, Alameda handicap, value
$1000.
(448)MtMcGregorII.118 (401) Scarf pin 92
418st,Lee 113 ... Redskin 107
179 Nebuchadnazer 98 424 Peter the tec. . 96
(416) C.spar 951 243 Lincoln II 93
Fifth race, three-year-olds, three-quarters of a
mile, selling.
394 Inflammator...lo6i 428 Bey Del Tierra.llo
339 Miss Baker..... 100 421 Green l.eat 105
406 George Palmer. 107 406 Torpedo 105
4V*3 Miss Maggie M.IOO 429 Jim Blackburn.lo9
426 Kstaca UO 417 Km H 107
406 Klenzi 110 406 Woodlandßelle.loo
423 Done lsirenclo.. los 357 Mercutio. 109
406 Fortunate 105
Sixth race, one and a half miles, handicap,
hurdle.
419 JOC 160 419 FIFI 135
419 Gold Dust 145 4.9 Broad 8i110w. ..125
403 market ....145 419 "I uxedo 135
403 Hello. 160 419 Fleetwood 135
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAT.
First race — Sugar * Foot, Nebula,
Draught.
Second * race — Lobengula, Scimitar,
Karl Cochran.
Third race Mt. McGregor 11, Yankee
Doodle, Flashlight.
Fourth race— McGregor 11, St. Lee,
Bed skin.
Fifth race— Don Glarencio, George
Palmer, Klenzi.
Sixth race— No selections.
SCHOOL FUND DEHOIT.
Plan Shaping for Application Next
Wednesday Night.
While no action can be taken until next
Wednesday night to curtail the expenses
of the School Department, in view of the
deficiency in the finances, which is now
ascertained to be nearer $100,000 than
$90,000, still a partial programme has been
mapped out. Mayor Phelan and the
Finance Committee of the School Board
have been struggling with the proposition
of economy and think they see a little
light.
A Dart of the plan Is to dismiss ten
special teachers next Wednesday night,
but the names of those to go are not given
out. It is also proposed to make some
provision for the unassigned teachers. A
system of rigid accounting for all ex
penses, small as well as large, is also
promised. Another point is that substi
tute teachers will probably be empowered
to draw the per diem nay of whomsoever
they substitute for. All around the School
Department it is evident that creat in
terest is taken in the proceedings to take
place next Wednesday evening. The
knife will be applied unless all signs fail.
» — . m *
KNOX KNEW HIS TfiOUSEES.
Caused the Man Who Was Wearing
Them to Be Arrested.
Some one made himself a Christmas
present of a pair of trousers belonging to
a colored gentleman named W. H. Knox.
The latter is a janitor, and during his ab
sence from bis room on Broadway bis
door was broken in and a pair of trousers
was extracted. Knox might have guessed
wbere bis wearing apparel had disap
peared, but be was not sufficiently certain
to make a complaint until yesterday
morning, when be espied a colored hostler
named Dave Jones promenading Kearny
street with the Knox trousers. Knox lost
no time in informing Officer R. Lean of
the iniquity whicb was being practiced
upon him. Lean took Jones in charge
and a charge of burglary was placed
against the colored man.
« ♦ — • i
YARDE-BULLER RAISES MONEY.
Trnst Deed Showing a Loan of £1100
on Her Reversionary Interest.
A. trust deed was riled yesterday in the
Recorder's office in the new City flail by
Moural Allen and James S. Good fellow
evidencing that Mary Leila Kirkham
Yarde-Buller has made another raise of
cash upon the basis of a reversionary in
terest in the estate of her mother. The
document shows that she has borrowed
an additional £1100 upon the reversionary
interest. She has previously borrowed
£2500. makinp at least $18,000 so realiz •_.
The loan was effected from the Lanca
shire and Yorkshire Reversionary Interest
Company, to additionally secure which
she has also placed a policy of insurance
upon her life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, -JANUARY 23, 1897.
DO THE JUDGES'
COPPERS SIZZLE?
Plea to Exempt Them From
the Embargo on Ice-
Water.
7'J':;J':: J-Jj'j :: -:J~: : J[~ JJ '" ' -i'J. %'\ .--;■'■' : .■■'7VJr:7-J i '■
A Supervisorial Committee That
Was Cod and Unsym
pathetic.
Best Judge of Ice-Water in the New
City Hall Will Abandon the
FiUid Gamely.
Are the judicial coppers at the new City
Hall heated to the sizzling point? This
question was practically raised yesterday,
and a smile ran around a green- topped
table, which was flanked by Supervisors
Delaney, Rivers, Devany, Rottanzi and
Haskins. Indeed, the question was raised
more specifically, and amounted to an in
timation that Judge Wallace's coppers
were particularly heated.
All this came about during a brief hear
ing concerning the curtailment of the
official ice-water supply. Heretofore ice
was clinked in the water pitcher, and
glasses of the City Hall offices, and still
clink's in them, but ice costs money and
times are hard, and very soon Judges, Su
pervisors and all lesser lights will prob
ably be drinking their Spring Valley
straight and plain.
The ice supply bas cost the City several
hundred dollars per annum. Lawyers,
heated by argument, have cooled off in
the neigh of their legal effervescence at
the expense of the City. The "push,"
dropping into the City Hall to take a
friendly personal interest in control of
the municipality, have sipped ice-water
sparingly and talked copiously. Visitors
from abroad have noticed the peculiarly
fine "bead ' on the water, due principally
to the ice hill paid by the City.
The Committee on Public Buildings has
decided tbat ice, during the winter
months, is superfluous. They have even
argued that it is inconsistent and absurd
for a Superior Judge to sit before a grate
fire in his chambers to keep warm, hold
ing at the .ame time in the judicial right
hand a glass of ice-water with which to
get cool. If the Judges are too warm, the
cost of coal, they have argued, is thrown
away, while the caloric effect is thrown
away, he drinking water at a temperature
common in Nova Zembla.
Yesterday a representative of the Union
Ice Company wont to the Committee ou
Finance and pleaded that the Superior
Judges at least might still have ice
water. He confined himself, so far as the
mention of names was concerned, to Su-
perior Judge Wallace.
The committee was unsympathetic. One
of the members inquired what harm there
would be if Superior Judges should pay
for ice out of their own pockets if they
found it to be indispensable for tbeir
physical comfort. Another expressed tl c
opinion tbat wbat a Judge may need in
July it i. against reason to suppose that
be should require it in December or Janu
ary. Nothing was done about the matter.
The City has never supplied judicial lem
ons, sugar or straws.
Nothing has been beard from Judge
Campbell. He is the best judge of ice
water in the City Hall, but he is game,
and will soon drink Spring Valley tepid
without a murmur.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSo HOUSE
C M i_iwson A w, N Mx A Stewart, Sn 1,% Obispo
A F Overton, snta Rosa A llasklnson, Quincv
Mrs Q W Longley. Cal C W Kline <fe w, Redoing
_• Brown, Colusa D Eltenhouse. Colusa
A McCorml.k, Colusa W W .turn &w, Mass
II M Anthony, Mass J C McMullin. Mass
C W Benjamin, San Jose M C Long, Los Angeles
F Scott, Stockton <; 8 Lampson, Oakland
\V B Buckner.Weavervl v E V.'illims, Stockton
R G Harvey, Shasta G W SI apes, Reno
G T Porter, .Nevada W A Durham. St-lma
C A '-chm'd:, Seima W T Martin, Selma
W P Watts, Menlo Park L Owens, -outh Park
H Stel Ing, Davisville Mrs Stellin , lavisville
F F Redow, ReJdiug C U Bacon, Redwood
Mrs de C<>s:ello, Redwod B Frena. Reno
I Hosklns A wt, B C M Burns, Montana
W J Mem on. N w York C O Clark. New York .
M Chamler, Monterey W L, Lurllne, Colo'
B E Craven, Nev F A Davidson, Astoria
a Henry, Los Ang A Valraer, S L Obispo
A Smith, Or Miss E Elliott, sn Rafael
E Lit ienthal, Oakland E G Coo., Mendocino
Kneely, Butte Ida .M Irwin, salem
Miss N C Gibson, Cal W Douglass. Mont
F iilldßr, Wash J W shepard. Ariz
E Mci.ettigan, VaUejo D E Elliott. Vallejo
N V Burp-hell A w, Sired Mrs A < ox, Mi reed
Mrs Wh^tstlne, Berkely Rev P Kirby, Weavervl
A C McKlnnan, Or W G Cheney, Los Aug
J F nines, Cioverdals Miss I r.uiis, Redding
W -tms. Winters H --eman. Winters
C A Allen Aw, Colusa D High, Ur
J C Ing-ls, Healdsburg
GRAND HOTEL.
A W Stuart. Courtland D W Bishop, Sacto
X H Haslien. Let • olt B Banas, London .
Miss A i apttiau. Chicago Mrsß R Bonesteil, Cal
H A Jack.-.on. Hiimi.oldt W i isher, Calistoga
E V Cocswrll, litckman H Hare, San Jose
A T Adams, Oakland D Wln.ernetz it wf, Cal
W _ Urt.:ge. Fresno J M James. Co: ma
T R Owens, Solano G R Andre vg. Willows
i. W Shinn, Mexico W SLunlng, Martinez
J E Nason. Antioch C O Perry. Cat
Miss E. Cramer, St Louis T G Chace, Los Angeles
H Hudipohl, Dutch Flat F B Granger, Alvarado
BTCorpilti. Newark A Pennington, Ukiah
s p Young, Sacramento F. Mason, Sac amento
T R Jackson, sacto J B 'i regtoan, Amador
J Johnson * wf. Salem E Holloway, Woodland
, J D"an & wf, Newark G I.tdgerman, los Aug
G W Westman, S Jose Miss C Curtis, Fresno
C L Buggies, Stockton J M Cox. Watsonville
E ii Griggs. Stanford J r-eawell. Ckiah
J M Glesvfs, Bedding J B sanford, Ukiah
F Flint Jr <fc wf, S Jose A J Peiilsr, Fresno
C La Rue A wi. YonntvleS A ndrous&wf. Pasadena
J F Cariere, Los Angeles V C Franc*, Santa Clara
J B Hoyt. Birds Landing Mrs J «J Bal', Woodland
Mrs 1' Ball, Woo land X J Crophy, Boston
Mrs J Griggs, Indiana G W McCord, Washington
PALACE HOTEL.
W E Webb, San Diego F A Buck, Vacaville
J M Samp, ncr, Gnd Jctn F Stanley, Gnd Junction
A B Ml.cheti, N V Ruth Taggart. if V
R Graham, Los Angeles Mrs R E Pierce, S Jose
William sleg, Milwaukee H Harvey, Wilmington
H Banning, Catalina C W Knowles, Portland
C O Whiting. NY F W Dexter, NY
W O Watson, San Jose Jr. Watson, san Jose
__ M Watson, San Jose G L Watson. San Jose
W P tiainni'ton. Colusa « A-pbeim. st Louis
C Helm e, Stanford FL Weils Chicago
C F Aaron, stanlord ' WE Bar.hoiomew, N V
D W Simpson, Chicago C D Helwig, Kansas City
A W Brown, NY 8_ Walker. S Rosa
W E Arthur, Pasadena E C Voorheis, Sutter Ck
Miss Vocrheis. Oakland Mrs E Buckingham, Cal
A L Richer, Stanford :
LICK HOUSE.
Geo D McLean, Grs VUy H X Cobb, Chicago
, Sir H J Baby, Montreal G B Moore, Chicago
E C Frazier. Santa Rosa B Will am-, sacto •
C A Stance, Ma Barbara F .1 Wheeler <fc wf, B C
Rev A W Edelman, Cal MrsH D Cousins, Los Ang
Henry Blackman, Prtld 8 G 1 oslnj, Los Angeles
J Lover, Spokane H Heppner, Spokane
G 8 Bloss, A t water H T Geer, Turlock
A L Bryan, Napa * SB Crawford, Mass
G W X Masters A w.Ala T A Winn, St Paul
C A Kudorff. sononi ,i B Tracey. Los Angeles
J M Leonard. San Juan ; W G Henderson, Fresno
N P Brown. Oakland : J E Burns, Sacramento
: , NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
JWMurphing.Cntral Am WBl oen m. Fort Bragg -•
L" Slarzh Aw, Ft Bragg L L Pick, ugden
H Gotham dt w, Cal L H Corap, Cal
J' C Mayford, Chicago J-: H Dunlap, Chicago
John Lemon 'A w, N V Harry Williams, N.Y
H Peterpli.ce, NY Jack Nolan, Ur
L A Holmes, Galveston A M Nolan, M librae '■■•
J B Cochran, Syracuse J A Browne, Portervllle
E Hill, Columbus. O J M Yolse, Jersey C >
S H Smith, Sulphur Crk A A Gibson, SulphurCrk
Jack Welck, Boston G Breen, Los Ans
W Jones, Kern City
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Capt Hogan <fc w.Mrtlnez F Parker, Sacto
W TNuff. San Jose J Johnson <fe w, San Jose
Cde Yiibtso, Winters V Alvingill, Pntla ■
ll Jones, Dallas, Tex R D We.don, Dallas, Tex
G V Woifendall, NY J I Phelps Aw, Slont
L T Ware Jr. Santa Cruz S Hill, El Dorado
A Benjessen <fe w, 8 Jose E \V* Morgan," .-ont v
WB i reel, San Jose ' . L A 1..: g, San Jose ,- * ■--.
C .-. Smith Aw, s Jose VV R Clark A w.stocKotn •
Miss (lark, St. ckiou L HWiiittmore, S Rafael
W i Parker, Los An? Miss L Ray, NY
'. SPECIAL NOTICES.
*XX» BAD TENANTS EJECTED ' FOB $4:
•*•' collections made, city or country. Paciflo
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st., room - Tel. 6680.
CHURCH NOTICES. ■_-__ ..
Bt**3s» HOWARD-ST. METHODIST EPIBCO-
B^-*^ pal Church, bet. S- coud and Third sta., two
blocks from Palace Hotel. Rev. W. W. Case, D. D.,
pastor. Hours of public services, 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m.: Sunday-school at 12:30; prayer meet-
ing Wednesday evening, 7:45: Epworth League.
6:30 Sunday evening; morning sermon by Rev.
Dr. Coyle; evening sermon by Mr. Hrnrv Var-
ley, the English evangelist. Mr. Varley will
preach every night in the church during the week
and on Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday after-
noons at 3 o'clock. '- -. -
■E_S= CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
mm-^S' Church, Mission st, bet 8 xth and Sev-
enth—Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D., pastor; R. V. Watt,
Sunday-school superintendent: J. J. Morris, musi-
cal director: H. M. Bosworth, organist. The
pastor will preach at 11 a. m. Morning
subject, "God's Anvil, 'Men's Hammers; th.-
Bibie and its Cri ies." In the evening Rev. Jphn
Coyle. D.D., Presiding Elder of the District, will
pteach. .-und ay-school at.l p. si. Bible-classes
tor adults, kindergarten for Hit c ones. Young
People's meetings at 6:30 p. M. Midweek prayer-
meeting at 7:30 p. St. Wednesday, followed by
Quarterly Conference. Sea's tree; all welcome.
!£__"*§--' SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
■-* Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sta— Bev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haightst Preaching at 11 a. St. and 7:30 _». St.
ihe pastor will preach at both services. Subject
at 11 a. m., 'The Candle of the Lord. At 7:30 p.m ,
•How to Read God's Book." Bevlvr.l services
every nt ht this week, except Saturday, led by
Rev. Drs. Phelps and Uimy. Sunday-school at
12 p. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent. Epworth
League service at 6:30 P. M. The public cordially
Invited to all the services of this church. Seats
free. Ushers- In attendance. Prayer - meeting
Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock.
-J_-5p TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
mires' Sixteenth and Market sts.— Rev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock;
evening 7:30. Sunday-school 12:i*0 P.M.: John
Dyar, sui erlutendent The pastor will preach
morn and evening. Morn.ng subject, -'The
Cl:v Captured; " evening, "Tangled Family Mat-
ters." All are cordially Invited to attend. Seats
free. Pastor's residence, £631 Sixteenth st.
ffi*r_S=* FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
mv^& cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. St. Rev. William Martin of aula Rosa will
preach at 7:HO p. M.. exchanging with Mr. Jenks.
sun lay-school at 12:45 P. m.: Y*.P. S. C. E. at 6: 16
p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday _t BP. M. All
are welcome. . - ■ _^^_^
flf^-jg"- FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
Vmr-iy Church. Golden Gate aye., cor. of Polk st
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. pastor. 1 Services at 11 ;
a. m. and 7 :30 P. m. Young people's services at
6 :3t» p. m. The pasior will preach at both services.
Subject tor evening, "Which Is tbe Better Friend
of the Poor, the Church or the saloon?" Cordial
invitation to all. *
HK3&» HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
mr-*? cor. Oak a#_ Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Farrana,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. : m.
sabbath school at 9:30 a. M. Y. P. 8. C. K. at
6:46 p. St. Pratrer-meeting Wednesday evening.
Youug People's chorus and social on Friday even-
ing. All cordially invited. Pastor's residence,
619 Devisadero st
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
pf_^K= YERBA BUENA LODGE OF PER- ujj.
i£^-v fectlon No. 1 — Regular meeting Jf
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, January f\
22, at 8 O'clock. D. 4. p-ZSV
GEORGE J. HOBE, S*c. g3 '' r^
T^S= GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, a
**<£? F. and A. M. -Called meeting THlS^^^
(SATURDAY) EVENING, January '-''', >s_3f
at 7:30 o'clock. D 2. 'V>
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
fl*_rS=- CONCORDIA LODGE NO. r^mOif{i.
m^-& 122. 1. O. O. F.-The funeral -SgwJS^.
committee is hereby notified to as-^s#_S_3*jss_r
semble at Odd Fellows* Hall SUN- -^Wl 1 ***-
DAY. January 24. at 1 o'clock P. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother, WILLIAM SCHMA-
DEKE. By order of the N. G.
GEORGE SCHREI, P. G.
Christ Robber, Secretary. _^
JE-3R-- SOULSBY- CONSOLIDATED GOLD
*¥-£? Mining Company— Not cc is hereby given
tbat tbe regular annual meeting of the stock-
bo ders of the above company w II be held at their
office, room 7. Mills building, San Francisco, CaL,
on WEDNESDAY. February 8. 1897.
EDWARD W. HEBARD, Secretary.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.—
mir-mV Tbe annual meeting of lot-owners In the
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temple o i TUESDAY AFTERNOON. February
2, 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before it GEO J. HOBE, secretary.
*^-g-> THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
"_"•"""■ of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the . ffice < f the company, 327
Market st. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at th» hour of
11 o'clock A. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of alrectors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE, Secretary.
Offlce 327 Market st, san Francisco, Cal.
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
gt^-f 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
ImT-S' 39 (twenty-five cents per snare) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the offlce of the Company.
327 Market street, on and atter Friday, January
22, 18:17.
Transfer books will close Saturday, January 16,
1b97. at 12 o'clock m.
EH. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
COMPETENT, ABLE-BODIED COOK AND
'housework woman, with girl 8 and boy 10,
wants place In country: $10 a month. C. R.
HANSEN * CO., 110 Geary st.
COMPETENT. TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
V wishes to do washing, Ironing, cooking or
leaning by the day; best references.
MRS. M. CURTIS, 3667 Twenty-sixth St.. near
Mission.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE IN FAM-
X lly, 2 or 3: doing light housework and is a good
plain sewer: reference; good home; small wages.
G.. box 7, Call Offlce.
\- OUNG GERMAN, WELL EDUCATED LADY,
X wants to give German lessons and to help
around the bouse. Address 2618 Webster st,
corner Vallejo.
\ r OUNG WOMAN JUST FROM FRANCE
wishes place: teach French; second work or
waiting; good references. Address Y. L., box 77,
Call Office. '
AUSTRIAN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
wishes position as working housekeeper for
lodging-hoose or for lady or gentleman: agood
cook. Call for 3 days, 246 Third st., room 3.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
1 to do light housework where she can keep her
young brother. Address M. S., 10 Sycamore aye.
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN SEC-
ond girl; is neat, respectable and willing: also
a good sewer. Address G., box :9. Call Office.
WIDOW OF 40 WISHES POSI HON AS MAN-
" aging or working housekeeper; Is neat and
economical; references. 81. (a Hayes st
ERMAN NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENT
by lady in confinement, sick lady and children.
132 sixth st, room J 6.
EAT GERMAN GIRL WISHES PL CE TO
X> do upstairs work. Address li.. box 43, Call.
ADY WISHES MEN'S WASHING AND
mending. Call 824 c-eveuth st, first door rear.
TTRACTIVE WIDOW DESIRES A PLACE
as housekeeper in widower's house or lodging-
house. Apply, 10 to 6 only, room 6, 1007 Market.
OUNW- WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN !
x mending at home. 106 Fonrth st, room 2.
WEDIsH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day: washing, Ironing or bonsecleanlng. Please
call or write 264 Minna st.
YOUNG GIRL OF 18, ATTENDING SCHOOL,
x would do housework outside of school hours;
small salary, is., 2526 Mission st
EXPECTABLE W MAN WANTS WORK
by the day; washing Ironing or cleaning,
336. Twenty-sixth st, cor. Capp. .
"I ADY HAVING A CHILD TO SUPPORT
J J would like to have any kind of sewing for la-
dies and children. Address P., box 39, Call
Branch Offlce, 339 Hayes st. .' -
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES POSITION
as nfanaging housekeeper, or would sew by
the day; no triliers; no postals. Call oraddress
MRS. A. M. A., lbllis/x Market st
COMPETENT WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
laundress, wants situation in this city or across
the bay. Caii or aduress L. H., 3480 Seventeenth
st, near Guerrero. •
ANTED — BY* RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-
, aged woman, work in private boarding-house
or small hotel; food cook or waitress. Call 814
Fi.b 11 st ' iiiii|iMW\ir..llWJl-Bllil^MpilTlp>TippPlp*.p*li l l"l
OMPETENT GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO
cooking and housework: best city references;
Oakland or Piedmont no objection. Apply 1538
Clay st. !■
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY, 17 YEARS OLD;
J \> wishes home or to be companion to somelady:
has musl.al education. MISS L. STONE, Gen-
eral Delivery, Oakland.
REFINED ENGLISH WIDOW. SUNNY* NA-
t ture; experienced housekeeper; good cook; for
widower; country preferred. • 989 Howard st, cor.
Sixth, room 23, second floor front
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
bered, desires place as I working housekeeper.
122 Post st. room 2. V
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO
general housework. 268 Dore st, bet. Ninth
and Tenth. M. O'BRIEN.
LURST-CLASS EASIERN DRESSMAKER
1 wishes a few families to sew for; $1 60 per aay ;
best ot reitrencea . Address M. A., 915 Polk st
yOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
J- in a hotel as chambermaid. Address 830 Har-
rison st. -•;-_ ,. -
GIRL WISHES -IiUATION AS CHAMBER-
maid or waitress ln ; city. 781 Mission • st,
room 64.
A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WANTS TO
mtXl secure a place as housekeeper: bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2, 223 Post st
OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
as housekeeper; ; city or country. Call . 144
Fifth St., room & -..-.. .'^^CMtagnra?'--- ..'- '
IfXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
J wants work In widower's or bacbelor's house-
hold ; country preferred. 88 Ninth st, rcom 17;
hours,' 11 a. m. to 9 P. m.
. SITUATIONS; WANTED— Continued. ;
■OEFI.NED MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISHES
Xv housekeeper position for -widower or elderly
couple. Cali oraddress Ramona, 100 m 17, cor. of
Thirteenth and Harrison sts., Oakland.
OU-NG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
xas seamstress or governess. Apply 138 a
Fourth st, room 4. - -
A7*OUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO
X light housework. Please call IOOVi Second at
ADY EXPERIENCED IN MANAGING
hotel or lodglng-hou .c desires a position in
same. Apply 1148 Sutter st
"V* OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
i. bakery or restaurant Apply MRS. GOOD-
WIN, 521 Turk st ■ -. : / .
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms '.5c to Sl 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bacgage to and from the ferry.
AN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooms in rooming-house, where wite can work
for rent R. S., box 3, Call. '
ADY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN BEW-
Ing and mending at borne. 131 Taylor st., rm 2
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thb Call are taken at Branch Office, sooth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sta
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOB THE
Ca ll taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st ;
open until 9:3- o'clock.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
ston; branch office of Th« Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. *
7*l O LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I XO CALL: subscriptions an want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
ERMA-fMAN AND^WIfS^WOVIaTIJKE
to take charge of place in country; man good
farmer and well experienced in wines: wife good
cook and housekeeper: can give good reference.
Address 812 Kearny st, room 24. *•
OMPETENT,. RELIABLE MAN. WITH
references, wants charge of stock ranch on
shares or otherwise. Apply J. P. JOHNSTON <$-
CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
HUNTER CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
-1 nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90. St Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel Main 6234.
CHINESE <fc J A PANKSE; EST'D 20 EARS;
help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A C >.. 640 Clay
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 41t% O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
BY YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
in cash grocery: have had some experience:
object, future partnership. Address G. C, box 52,
Call Office. I
YA, r ANTED-BY YOUNG MAN, SITUATION
»• as sorter; has been shipping clerk : Is a good
glass arid dry-goods packer; Eastern experience.
li. S. W , box 131. Call Office.
"yOUNG man OF stead^habits will
I- work in hotel and ranter his board and
room so he can attend night school; good refer-
ences. S., box 1. Call Offlte,
yOUNG BOY WHO UNDERSTANDS PLAIN
J. cooking and waiting (good speaker) wants per-
manent position as schoolboy: city. Address
JAPANESE PETER, 1909 FWmor. st
PAINTER AND PAPER-HANGER, TEMP-
erate. with best references, will work very
cheap; day or job; city or country. J. ARDELL,
1042 Folsom st
ELIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
care for horses, garden and grounds; good
driver; understands milking. H. 8., box 118, Call.
AN AND WIFE WILL TAKE CHARGE OF
or assist in lodging- house on reasonable terms.
Address O. P.. box 89, Call Office.
OODWORKER (MIDDLE-AWED GERMAN)
wants work; city or country. Address A. Z.,
box 71, Call Office. "
SITUATION wanted BY A YOUNG
bright boy 12 years old In an office: speaks
French and English. Address 1027 Clay st
EXPERIENCED CROCKERY-PACKER;
J dinner sets a specialty. Drop postal to D.
THORN 1 O.N. 1011 Mission st.
XPERIENCED MAN WANTS TO RAISE
and can beiries on shares. 8., box' 7, Call.
OUNG MAN 18 YEARS OLD WISHES PO-
slt'.on in some office; good references. A. F.,
1341 Minna st
jvARBER WISHES POSITION IN 15c »HOP;
l> would take a steady position evening and Sat-
urday: good habits ana references. Address B. M.,
box 37. Call Office.
OBER, YOUNG MARRIED MAN, WITH
best of references, wishes employment as
teams er or any other work; city or country.
8. V.. box 76. Call Offlce.
OUNG MAN -PEAKING GERMAN AND
English, bandy with tools, a good driver, wall
acquainted, wishes a situation. Address A. R.,
box 14, Cap) Office.
YOUNG MAN (AMERICAN) WISHES A PO-
i- sltion where there Is no Sunday work: good
habits and Calliornla references. Address G. M.,
box 37, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH
coachman In private family: city; good horse-
man and houseworker; careful driver; knows the
care of finest carriages and harness; willing and
obliging; four years with one family; best ref-
erence. D.. box 160, this office.
ANTED — MIDDLE- AMERICAN
" with references wants si uaiion as gardener
and general work about private place: horses, cow;
nandy with tools; moderate wages. Address Wil-
ling, box 119. call Office.
GARDENER, UNDERSTANDS PROi'AGAT-
ing, greenhouse work, vegetable-growing: can
milk and run gasoline engine: wants situation;
good references. Address Gardener, box 17, Call.
OSITION WANIED BY EXPERIENCED
jewelry, leatner goods and notion salesman:
also good window-dresser; best references. Ad-
dress Ref, box 1. Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED MAN WOULD LIKE TO
work in stable or private place; Is a first-class
driver; wages noobj»cf. city or country: refer-
ences. Address 207 Montgomery aye., room 73.
(.OBER AND LIABLE YOUNG MAN
0 wants situation as porter or driver; not afraid
to work. Address H. R.. box 11, Call Office, Oak-
land.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WISHES 81TUA-
tlon as janitor: ban ly with tools: references.
H. F., box 1, Call Office. -
"\rOUNO MAN. AGED 19, GOOD HORSEMAN,
X would like position in private^! ace: expe-
rienced driver: temperate in all respects: toed
references. Addres < 8., dox 22, Call.
0 WEDE, 24, FIRST-CLASS WASHER AND
v. all-around laundry man, would like any k!nd|of
situation: also good driver; Al reference. Ad-
dress C. E., 713 Minna st. mV m St
OUNG MAN. 2L' WISHES A SITUATION
as fireman or coal-passer; experience of three
years. Address J. L, box 122, Vail"- jo. . •
BARBER WANTS STEADY - JOB; 6 YEARS
In last place. 400 Halght st
"yOUNG MAN. SPEAKING GERMAN AND
1 English, wishes work of any kind. G. li, box
151, Call Offlce. . . .
ACHINIST WOULD LIKE POSITION TO
take charge of engine; city or country. C. M.
R., 10 Steuart st. ■
STRONG YOUNG MAN WITH EXPERI-
ence as watchman; wishes situation; has b.st
of references and can give good security: can at-
tend to engine or do other work If desired. Ad-
dress 8. , bo 1, Call Office.
ARDEN. R, GERMAN, SINGLE, WHO
thoroughly understands landscape gardening,
carpet bedding, greenhouse, orchard and vegeta-
ble growing, and who has first-class references of
some of the best ' known private places in tbis
State wishes a situation in a private or public
place. Address B 3.. box 40, Call Office.
AN OF 45 (WIDOWER), SPEAKING ITAL-
lan and English, understands the fruit and
grocery business, wishes employment at same, or
as a nurse In private or public hospital, or as a
bedmaker or gardener, or any other like occupa-
tion for very moderate wages. Address FRANK
MARTINELLI, 600 Francisco st
A MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
•J Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
'_>'_»Q HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•>«>-/ The Call: subscriptions 'and want ads
taken. -
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
St. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
""97 MONTGOMERY, CORNER OF CLAY—
Ommil Open nntll 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
tbe Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to 81 50 per night:
Sl 60 to $6 per week; convenient aud respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
h"6usEKEEPERS; NUR SEGI R L, 810,
sleep home: girl, Fulton street, $16; girl. Van
Ness avenue, $15; girl, California street, * 5; girl,
Bush street, 916: girl. Grove street $15; girl,
O'Farrell p street, 915; girl, Broadway, $15: girl,
Sutter street, $15: girl, Powell street, $15: girl,
Webster street, $ 5. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
AMILY COOK. $25; GIRL, PINE ST., $20: 2
girls, Washington st., $20: German woman as
cook. $30, call early; girl, Fillmore st, $20: girl,
Greenwich at, $20: girl, Larkin st, $20; girl,
Octavia 5... $20; girl. Keuuett Cal., $25; girl for
Oakland; girl, Scott st, 925. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st .""•/..■-:•:
COOK, $6 A WEEK; COOK, $7 A WEEK:
German . chambermaid. : $20 and : room: wai-
tress, institution, $15 and room;, dishwasher, $10
to $12 and room; cook. $30 per month: waitress,
country hotel, $15 and room. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
ERMAN CHAMBERMAID. ;■ $20 AND
room. MARTIN'S. 749 Mark't st.
i's ERMAN WOMAN AS: COOK, 87 A WEEK.
VJ . MARTIN'S. 749 Market st
GERMAN LAUNDRESS _ AND CHAMBER-
maid, "525: Protestant nurse, 1 child, $25;
waitress and parlor maid. $25: 4 secon 1 girls. $20
to $25 German, Scandinavian or French cook, no
wash, $30; German cuambermsid and wing, $ .'0;
2 waitresses, hotel and restaurant, $20 and $25,
and a large number of girls to no housework. J. F.
CROSEIT CO . 316 Sutter st '■■■:■■- ■:'*", _-./.-
Vy ANTED — ENGLISH - AMERICAN COOK,
" $35; ..rench • chambermaid aud , : seamtress,
$25; German ', cook, 825; i 2 German, French or
Scandinavian cooks, $30 to 935: gins for house-
work and assist: waitress, $4 a week. LEON AN-
DRE, 315 Stockton st :>
HELP WANTED— Contfnnerl.
HOUSEGIRL $25, 3 HOUBFGIRLB $20 AND
a number of young women todo housework in
small famine', $12 and $15. C. R. HANSEN *
Co., 110 Gearyst :
ESTA URANT WAITRESS, $4 A WEEK.
CR HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st
YOUNG WOMAN, GENERAL HOUSEWORK
Ismail family, country. *20; middle-aged
woman as working housekeeper: ranch^ook^ $15,
fare paid: boarding-house cook, *•«>•"<*- MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st '
rs IRLS (GERMAN PREFERRED) FOR GEN-
(t eral housework. MRS. DAPAMI. 313 sutter.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $22V_. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearuy st
OFFICE FEE REDUCED: 25 CTS.: GIR-.8 OF
all nationalities to fill various po^f.ona Ger-
man Employment Oflice, 306 Mason st
WTANTED-GIRL TO ASSIST AT ' HOUSE-
'» work. * Apply with referencea 3448 Twen-
tieth st. cor. Capp. ._]■ ■
AN TED-RESPECTABLE, MIDDLE-AGED
Tf woman to travel as saleswoman. Address s.
R., box 66, Call Office. '■ ,
ERMAN GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS. WORK.
$20; also nursegirl, 12 to 14 years old. 313
Sutter st. -_ ■ *
ESPECTABLE GIRL OB WOMAN FOR
housework. 716 Green St., bet Powell and
Mason.
iUNG GIRL TO CARE FOR CHILD AND
assist housework. 1017 Fair Oaks, near 1 wen-
ty-fitth.
F. DRESSCUTTING SCHOOL—FRENCH
« tailor system taught 916 Market st, rm. 54.
*L"LYNN*S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
x Academy. 14 McAllister st: $1 a week.
£>] C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
sJx Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
ERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
cutting and making taught; easy payments;
unlimited lessons: patterns 25c. |McDOWELL
Dresscutting School, 636 Market st
\\* A.\ TED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
'» ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue Bent S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
"J 1(' NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
X LU Thk Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
AWBENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to $150 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
2 EXPERIENCED RUBBERS ON RACE
stock, $20 and found, see boss here this morn-
ing; ranch foreman; farmers; pruners and orch-
ard hands; old man to do chores, etc. MURRAY
A READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634-
-636 Clay st.
0»K, PLAIN. BOARDING-HOUSE. NEAR
city, $-5: waiters and dishwashers. MUR-
RAY A READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay st. -
NEAT WAITERS WITH DRESS SUITS,
first-class hotel, $30; neat upstairs porter with
I good references, hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN A
1 CO.. 110 Geary st
\\! ANTED— MAN TO RAISE TURKEYS ON
" shares; shoemaker, $30 and found, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT dt CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
AN AND WIFE FOR SMALL RANCH
near city, man to do farm work, woman to
cook for three or four men. also farmers, team-
sters, milkers, dishwashers, cooks, waiters, etc.
W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st
EGETABLE-MAN, $30: PASTRY COOK.
V $45: night cook. $6 week; bellboy: dishwasher,
$5 a week; second cook, $5 a week:. bellboys, $10
and room; second cook. $40 and room; third cook,
$36 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 >. arket
OOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $60 AND ROOM.
; MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
IV' ANTED — SOLICTOR FOR "BRYAN'S
it Battle for Free Sliver." with biography Bryan
sua wife; also speeches; bonanza for agents;
tremendous demand; commission 50 per cent:
credit given; freight paid; outfits free; write
quick. DoMiNION CO., Chicago.
- ANTED — BOY IN~ PRINTING OFFICE;
one who understands th. casea Call at Law
Journal, 219 Bnsb st.
T/IRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER ON MENDING;
P must be steady. 133 Twenty-fourth at, near
Bryant ■
rpWO BARBERS WANTED. 1317 MISSION
X street. *
W ANTED— BARBER 1- OR SATURDAY AND
" su.da*-. 609 Broadway.
IF YOU WANT LIGHT AND PROFITABLE
employment call st 1 13 Valencia st
ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. Whitaker- Ray C 0. .723 Marat
ANTED — PIANO-PLAY-.R WHO CAN
sing.. Apply .85 O'Farrell st
CHOKMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING;
pO steady job. . 202 a Fifth st -_r-.-.v
OR SALE— BARBER-SHOP, WITH THREE
chairs, If desired; also, household furniture;
would exchange for country shop also. Address
Barber, box 6, Call.
ANTED— A PARTNER TO ASSIST THE
Inventor In handling good patenta Address
O. M. B, 454 Ninth St., Oakland. .
BOY WANTED— ONE LIVING WITH HIS
parents. App y News Letter, 6*V_ Kearny st
ESSENGER-BOY; STATE AGE AND GIVE
reference. Apply P. O. box 2048.
GENTS FOR A. MERCHANT TAILOR;
only experienced need apply. 625 Geary st
VOR SALE— THREE-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP;
J cheap. A. B. CL, box 104. Call office.
AN FOR INSIDE WORK IN PRINTING
office: one who will invest small capital and
become a partner, pnferable o hired help; fine
opportunity offered: established 7 years. Address
J. J., box 16. Call Office.
I?IRST-CLASS RARBER WILL TEACH
-F young man the trade; no college: 3 months'
course, $30; tools given; small wagea Apply
Call Oflica
TO BARBER SHOP. 433 PINE ST.;
good location ; cheap.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. . 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rine Corps, U. S. Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United S.ates, or those
who have legally declared i heir intention to be-
come sucb; must be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet in height For
further Information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Ellis st. San Francisco, Cal.
"I "I /_♦ NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
IIU The Call; subscription and want ada
taken.
I'O PROCURE AND SELL YOUR PATENTS
1 quickly. Hall of Inventions. 216 Sansome st.
AR_r.tt.-l' r-Oi.t'lHr. L.NIUN EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD IKOELL 657 01 a*
L»ARBERa— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL -EC
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS, 3.5 Grant ava
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS* EMPLOYMENT
secretary .H. BERNARD, 102 seventh st
WO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FoB SAEE
cheap; good location. 416 Hayes st
LCHO HO Us i., 8.31/2 MARKEi ST.— ROOMS
20c, 25c to 60c night; $1 to $2 weec
or -1 Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
ZiilO want ads taken for THE CALL.
tJoOMS lia To 76c PtR NIGH'I ; 600 To $1 M
-ft per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still rnns Denver Honse, 217 Third st: 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. .
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sta
AM'_.,'ioi;OLi._a' WAUES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Ascy. 110 Sutter
9*: I O MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
-OiO'l'he Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken..
1* SiMO.N wants 100 Mi.N to i_r 801-
-. tie beer or wine Sc, best free lunch. 643 Clay
'1-RY ACME flul.-.h, Vol MARKET Sl'., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a weal-.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE FUR-
nlshed rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wit
EsT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 aS, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorff sta
\\T ANTED-AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
MSMi they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & C 6., Dept L, Patent AtWr-
r.eya \A ashineton. D. C, for their $1300 priM
offer and ilst of 200 inventions wanted.
\\T ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $I
"week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week; .
reading-room: daily papers. ■ 36 Clay st
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
" Market: 200 rooms, 250 a night; reading.
room: free bus and bay-gage to and from the ferry.
I Oil ' Jl slf5 lf „ TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
"r„Y"t and ' Jo<s * nl.ht including coffee and roils,
.24 Washington st. near Kearny.
\\r ANTED. YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
'» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
st night while yon wait: laaies' soling, 35c; tuen'i
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up
we have a lot of sho-n been damaged by water, _;
law than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up to
$2 60. 562 Mission st. bet. Firs; s.. an.l Second st
\ ROOMS WANTED' J
AY ANTED-THREE OR FOUR FURNISHED
'* housekeeping rooms within 2 O'.ocks of Mc-
Allister-street carhouse. Address A. Z.. box 147
Call Office. *. ■•- ■■.-■:
BOAKDI.NIi WANTED. V
WANTED— BY AN ILD,-. COUPLE, 2
sunny rooms, unfurnished preferred, In a
quiet family, with board; terms $.0 best refer-
ences; not temporary. Address P. F., Mills bidg.
Up* ANTED— BO VKDp AND LODGING FOR
-, " mechanic with 2 chi.dren. W. 8., "box 44, Call. ,
AGENTS WANTED.
LIBERAL COMMI-SION PAID GOOD MEN;
call at once. 128 Hayes st. near Van Ness.
"lA* .ANTED— LAuY AND GEN'l'i-EMA.*-
-f» agents to sel our transparent knives and
gooas; good wages made; also best mojiwringerV
pail and mop: send stamp for circulars. Addressa
MAJOR a. VIGNOs, canton, Ohio. ' _____#
AGENTS— A LOOm THAI' OUTSELLS ANif
A publication' since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections": every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chief of tha
United States army: first agent's commlssioa
$22 ln 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department The Whitaker <- Ray Company,
723 Market st. ksRSB
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
ET. W ATKINS" CABLE CODE BOOK (SEC-
- ond hand). 29 Market St.*
\\T ANTED TO BUY" 1000 DI EttS* SKINS.
' ' Arctic Fur Co.. Spreekels building. 9-5 Market
BUILDINGS BOL GUI; LUMBER, SASrtES,
XJ doors, mantels etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st
ell Your books, clothing and jew-
eiry to a. KLEIN, lott sixth st: send postaL
' ■ -■
MEDICAL.
A SURE, SAF-TTNII'sPEEDT^CUREnFoR
sll female diseases; ladies may, have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice, a home in confinement
with best cars, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-renowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. oWYER.
226 Turk st
DRJ.H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist yon. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case pecnllar
to your dellcite organism Is beyond bis sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe in their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others In cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all casea Consultation parlors. 006
Market st Call or write direct to 906 Market st,
rooms 11 and 12. - ■
NEW REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never falls In any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the canse may ba Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instrnments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no V
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con- 7
finement. Dr. dtMra. Davies, 14 McAllister st, '
next Hibernla Bank. Consult free; French pills*
$2; hours. 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 P. St.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
Jt\. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience; every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 11-3
Market st. over the Owl Drug Store.
NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always ln one day;caa be
sent and nsed at home ; all cases guaranteed; do
not trust incompetent female physic DR.
POPPER, the we.l-known pioneer, 318 Kearny St.
R. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause) : positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt of price. Wall
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separata
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
RS GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES.
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed: any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best ski. l;
free diagnosis; low fees; self cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat D
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored ln a few hours: safety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers: home in confine-
ment: consult freo: confidential; hours, 10 to 5.
MRS. DB WYETH. 916 Post st, near Larkin.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dis-
eases, from whatever cause; home In confine-
ment; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS- DR. GWYf.R, 226 Turk st.
Ll-EAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express c. O. D.; don't deiay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 Market st: his 30 year.'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
flpt^nn PAID FOR A CA*E 1 FAIL TO CURE
fJp-JV/V/ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS, DR. SCOT! ,3-5 Geary
ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
Xl at tbe most reasonable price in the city. MBS.
M. PFEIFF'ER, midwife. 2012 Folsom st
U PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. a
RICHARDS A CO., druggists, 406 Clay st.,soleagts. 7
F. LYING-IN (PRIVATi-) HOME; DIS./
. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st, Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-EASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content 2b4*^ 4th.
1 R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
U Jonas. Diseases of women and children.
1 —ss
/ DENTISTS.
IITsT-OLASS DEN-MST^r^H^PrPAY-
able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
<J_-7 FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16;
W ■ . warranted 5 years: extraction free; fillings
60c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
OSITIVEi.Y PAINLESS EXTRACTION,
DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 6376.
HALFANT A CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgework aspeclalty.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, .06 __AR-
/ ket st DB CHARLES W. DECKER.
d_7 A SET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED A3
«"? I good as can be made ; filling $1. DR SIMMS,
dentist 930 Market st. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS EXTRACTION, 50c: CROWM
bridge work a specialty; plates $5 up: 18 veari"
experienoa R. L. WALSH, D.D.&, 816% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NIL
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates ore made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
"L>ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; FILLING. 60ot
J crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
<^ET OF TEE I'H WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st
|\K.J.J.L___, 1-.O6 MARKET, COR. OOLDEX
XJ Gate aye. ; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-'
ket bet 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas. $1; plates. $5 np: fill, $1 up.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINH
Leek dentist discoverer of painless extraction
snd patentee of Unproved bridge work or teetts
without any plate, moved from a to 20O*Farrells<t.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market at
LOST.
LADY GOLD^ENAMELED charm, SET
with one good-sized diamond. Finder will be
rewarded by returning same to room 92, Chronicle
bnilding, care of JAMr.s C. JORDAN.
T OST— SMALL WHITE AND BLACK SPi_aT-
Xj ted dog; black ears and head, bushy while
tall, double nose; liberal reward. 926 Eddy st tL-
TRAY ED— ST. BERNARD DOG (TRILBY^
Please return to 2506 Green st and receive
, reward.
ENGLISH SPANIEL: BR «WN: BY
name Fanny; got a collar on. Please return
to 201 Bennln.ton st, off con land aye.; reward.
ost— PASSBOOK WITH the hibernla'
Savings and loan Socieiy of San Francisco, in
the name of GUISE PP. ■-. QUA A (N a -70367).
The finder will please return to bank.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
st; want ads and subscriptions taken.
— — — — — — *^ *— — — —^^ ■— ■ — — ■^^
ATTORNEY S-AT-I/AW. .
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SP»»
cialty; private; no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills,-, deeds, etc.
O.W.HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cr. Stockton.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRESS, 632 Market, rm.23.
W. KINO, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. tation free: probate: all cases: fees low.
DVICF FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS
cessfui. W. W. DAVIDSON. 9-7 Markets-
-**--===-!===========■=---
BICYCLES.
r EMMIB96TiOU V $35~ATT13
i-^l Battery st
BEN HURS, BRAND NEW, $*5; BARGAINS
in second-hand whee a DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, -5 Geary ft.
0_ t ')ft SWELL SPECIAL CLEVELAND IN
«JTaOU. perfect condition for 50. 405 Geary.
p PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD.3, LAW OFFICES. ROOM 3
2:; and 27, Crocker bUiid_-«; telephone Mala
76, San Francisco, CaL .. y
OHN It AITKEN AN D MAURICE L. ASHER.
atlys a: law. rms 515.51.. 51i 2 oor, I'arrott bid*
HOTELS. ~ ~j"
BOOKLYn" HOTEL 20T212^BOSH^»?,
board and room $1 to .$2 per day. $6 ''$12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1- suite
rooms for family $1 to $1 50 per night: first-class
service: free coacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
STORAGE. 1 :.;
OTORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY- FIRE-
•J proof building: advances made. 211 Larkin.
L'UKNITUKK, PIANOS, TRUNKS: IdT
A vance* shipping, CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4P«_fcBUSINESS CHANCES.
_^ «^---_» ,~-^.
Q9'(*lVll.L BUY A FINE CANDY STORE <
t£m£o\J doing a nice business. Call 33 Sixth i
St., room 18. THOMAS A CO.
.TV-HOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BUSINESS '
J places will pay them by calling on THOMAS
„ Co. 33 si.xth st . . room 18.
kY>AR l NER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS; '■
X must be able to give good reference; no othen.
need to apply. 33 Sixth St., room 18, THOMAS
ACQ ______
<£ftfin WILL BUY A FINE COFFEE HOUSE;
«JpUUU a good location: doing a good business;
will hear investigation. 33 Sixth St., THOMAS A
CO., room 18.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE-* PAID FOR FU.BNl-
tnre, restaurant, saloon lixfres anci grocery
•toc-s. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
ffl.n- HoUSE OF 10 SUNNY* ROOMsT
.OU. north of Slifrket: clears 935 over ex-
penses: leaving city. &TENBERG CO., 632
Market su
Qj/j-ic SALOON: WHOLESALE DI>TRICT:
"Jptr— old-established p ace -. cheap rent with
lessee: leaving city. STENBERG <fe CO., 632
Market st.
Cj* -J (*/) COR VEX GROCERY AND AR.
«JOU. with living-rooms; hajf block of Mar-
ketst.; rent 925, wiih lease; excellent chance for
a man of energy. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
Cji ("".it be-taurantTfTne": location-.
. id", with living rooms, furnished; receipts
average 912; suitable for man aud wife. STEN-
BERG CO., 6.'_ Market sU .... ■
flj'jrj/l BUTCHER BUSINESS; OLDEsTAB-
-JJOUU. lished place: guaranteed to clear $100
monthly: owner 9 years; retiring lrcm business.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
<£'-?"■,( I COAL-OIL ROUTE: 400 CUSTOM-
tg'OOs'. ers; good horse and wagon; week's
trial. STENBERG CO.. b32 Market St.
BEST 4-CHAIR BARBER- HOP IN CITY
For sale by H. a DECKER. 1020 Market st.
©Q^pA STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
-JpOOU Hon store. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CiOfifl FIRS T-C LASS RESTAURANT:
-4PUUU. H. C. DEtKER, 1020 Market st.
ESTAUKANT; CHEAP: SEAT 60 PERSONS;
living-rooms: present owner for 6 years; must
leave city; near factories R. *= box 85. Call.
ENTLESIAN PARTNER WANTED IN A
good paving business. Apply 131 Taylor St.,
room _; morning or after 7 p. M.
-I 1 Ql MAB KET— ELEGANTLY FITTED UP
J. 1 01. restaurant; for sale cheap-, doing good
business. .
.{Jtinn FHOTOGKAPH GALLERY FOR
f — UU. sale or exchange for real estate. 342
Kearny st. <
U* ANTED— PARTNER IN CHOWDER AND
»i liquor house. 660 Sacramento, cor. Kearny.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED, BY
young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room 2.
■OESTAURANT FOR SALE: BEST LOCA-
XX tion; doing good business: .rand bargain;
owner going away. Apnly at this otiice
O LET— COALY ARD, IN RUNNING oHDi-.B;
established 9 years: screens scales, block, o
stalls; rem 910. 1915*/ 8 McAllister st.
I-IRBT-CLABS STORE, SUITABLE FOR A
butcher-shop or other business; good location.
479 Shotwell su
CORNER GROCERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE
premises, cor. Twenty -second and Fair Oaks.
_,rjr CIGAR-STAND, WELL ESTABLISH-
JJJ) 10. cd. near Market St. Apply ihis office
_. l C.. 1 SALOON FOR SALE; 3 LIVING-
iJ)IOU. rooms: rent 922 50. 651 Mission st.
Y-'OR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAB;
J $300. 121 Eighth St.
TO LET— >PACE FRONT OF FINE SALOON.
539 California st.
ARTNER IN GOOD PAYING RESTA U-
rant. good. steady trale; present partner good
cook: no reasonable Oder refused. Appiy 411
Pacific st.
C_-I ,it RESTAURANT: BARGAIN: G OD
(_^.L_-0. locailon; leaving ciiy. E. G., box 114,
Call. |
PARTNER IN ESTABL SHED BUSINESS;
must ie -ober and energetic; references ex-
changed; small capital required. 340 Fourth st.
-VTEWSFAPEB ROUTE I. •> INTERIORCITY |
i-i close to San FrancistO. For particulars apply |
this office. ■
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED WITH
950 by ' unincumbered wiaow. 207 Post, rm. 8.
ALOON AND GROCERY': G"OD LOCATION;
SALOON sold at once. CaU 33 Sixth st., rm IH.
must be sold at once. CaU 33 Sixth st., rm IS.
A »» f_(\i\ CASH— HAVE CONTRACT IN
»Jp «)OUU country: need the above amount to
complete the same; in 90 days ihe inves ment re-
turned with 912,000 net profit: parti ulars only
on personal Interview. Address C. F., box 71. Call.
A TERY CHEAP; CORNER GROCERY AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth st,, corner Clara. .
i^TOCK OF GROCERIES BAR AND FIX-
»- tures; good chance; investigate. Cor. Hyde
and Post sis.
RANDSBCBG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
sell L^ Interest in its property and business for
99000 cash; money wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 609 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Ranilsburg, Cal.
~QI "^A CORNER SALOON ON FOURTH ST.;
£.OOU. sickness cause selling. Inquire Cull.
OH NEK SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
business. Appiy Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
SALOON POR SALE— APPLY* AT ANCHOR
brewerr. 1431 Pacific St. ,
PRINTING SIATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP
at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
ALOON FOR SALE, 3398 MISSION ST.,
northwest corner Thirtieth.
J?IR T-CLASS RETAIL BUTCHER- SHOP
X for sale; fine location: paying well: good lease, j
low rent good horses, wagons, etc.: everything
first clasps. Fur particulars c_.l or address Butcher,
2924 i lay st.
GROCERY AND BAB: 9750: 3- YEAR LEASE.
HILBERT BROS, con Powell and Ellis sts.
LEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
young widow of means. 10*4 Mason st.
9' 1 Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
mCOx O want ads taken for The Ca-l-l.
QQQ HAY'ES— BRANCH OFFICE OF the
000 Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE
D"^cker^_Sa^a^ins^
_ 7-room house 9700 22-room house... 9500
10-room house.. 160 24 rooms, corner. 750
65 rooms, cor... 8,000 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs., must sell 20 , 66 rms, best city .3,500
H. C. DECK- R, 1020 Market St., opp. Flftn.
GREaT BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES
this week; 150 houses, from 9200 to 93000.
UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market St.
WANTED TO BUY OR BENT A LODGING-
house of 20 rooms or upward. J., box 106,
Call. V .
LODGING-HOUSE; 17 ROOMS: BENTS 965;
rented as fiats, etc.; rare chance. 605 Jones.
~C__ 7l\f\ 21 ROOMS; ALI, ON ONE FLOOR;
tJP i UU. dolne good business Apply Call Office.
' FURNITURE FOR SAEE.
A(\l CARP-.TS; CHAMB-.R l-_.it- 9li
"UU stoves, 95: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed-,
910: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gool
as new; eas . or on time: open evenings.
UCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO. — LOWEST
XJ prices; fnrniture, carpe all trades. 886 Miss'
FDRNITURE WANTED.
/ VURS'IIIRE, STOVES. CARPETS. OOUK.
[ T ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
I LI IGHERfUICn. IHA-N ANYWHERE PAID
yxiby Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market.opp.Jonei
YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X tore and merrhandioe see BURD. 211 Larkin.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY ETEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS:
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mir. 38 and 40 I lghth st.; telephone South- 260.
\y HEN Y-U BECOME DL-GUSTED WITH
»» poorworksend toSFAU'LDING'H PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 lehama st.; tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet- c let.*i_g renovtg. alter-
. ation works. 409 McAllister. 1 el. J ssle 321.
i"-ARPEIS -XKANEDi RENOVATED LIKE
;pew. 23Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <_. Co.
T £ -\ l i,',!- Hl '' L f* , AK »'*-T-- LEAM-Ni- CO..
Q . 240 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
ABPET-CLEANINU. 3c: LAYING. 3c: RUG
V samplei free; tel. .ie_sle944. Stratton. 19 Bth su
riONKLI.N'S UAKPr.T. beating' wokk*
Vj 31-3 Golden Gate »y . Teephone East l-.'ft,
HORSES. ~
77rBKmsET~FOiT"irA^^
*±V boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arrade llors«
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wei.
nesday. SULLIVAN ADO . LE, Anc.loneers.
(CHE EMPORIUM" SALES * ARLs, 'ills VaT
X lencla su. is the place to go if you want to buy
sell or exchange horses, bug.les, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
till I SET NEW AND SE.CON .u-Ha.n v iiArt"
U\J\J ness: all kinds: boggy. wa.on, carts. surra?
rockawav; 40 cheap horaes. 15th and Valenon.
i 'BSE, 6 YEARS OLD; STANDARD BRED-
good driver; a bargain. 884 Sbotwell su
p. A HEAD DRIViNG AND WORK 1 ORsEs;
QU weight 1000 to 1700 bs. 862 Howard st.
| WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
I riFFER WANTED 'OR "NEW FIR T-CLASB
\yj delivery agon. 829 • olden Gate aye. 
DISSOLUTION OF CO-PARTNERSHIP.
t^tutTce^ OF' l i sis U lON OF -OPART-
i.I nership— Notice Is hereby given tbat on and
lifter this date the French Dairy milk business
will be owned and con led exclusively by
FETER SJENJO' , the firm of MENJOU A
BELLOCQ being this day dissolved. The present
owner, PEI ER MENJOU, will collect all b.lls
and pay all Indebtedness to the late firm.
rHiffneill PETER MENJOU.
[Signeaj PASCAL 881-LOCQ.:
HOUSES TO LET.
3 NICE SUNNY HOUSES ON JaCKSON ST.,
near Leavenworth; rent reduced to 912 60.
Apply BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG, 30 Mont-
gomery st. * •
MICE SUN NY HOUSES ON LEAVEN-
worth, near Jackson: rent reduced to 916. Ap-
ply BoVEE, TOY A SONNTAG. 30 Montgomery.
Q_ Q HOUSE OF FIVE RO SiS, IN HEALTHY
«ff>o. n ighborhood. 1655 Kearny street, near
Greenwich, S. F. ■■
OUSE OF 9 SUNNY BOOMS, COR. PIERCE
st. and Elm aye.. nr. Turk- 932 50.
d_Or\ 2-STORY HOUSE. 7 ROOMS, BATH,
«S*OU. celar and yard. 483 Haight. * .
r- ROOSIS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, SUNNY
i side of Glen Park ay. : In excellent repair and
very attractive : 910. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye , off Twelfth st. •'" '. -
1.1-1- SilS>lON— HOUSE, 14 ROOMS; BATH
X -.10 and range: suitable for roomers: rem -"40.
AD TENANTS 1-JECTED: 93^ SMITH,
collector, 14 Sic » Ulster St.. rooms 10-11.
8-f\ FOLSOM-10 SUNNY BOOSIS: BENT
O( U 922; water free. UMBSEN, 14 Montgom-
ery st. '-■■■■ _____
CO- GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR VAN
o—o Ness— redurta from 955 to 945: fine
bay-window house; 9 rooms; suitable for a doctor.
C«.)/l- 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS
t^miyj. 916—1835 Union: corner; i rooms.
914—1833 Union; 4 rooms. _____
- ROOMS; 0338 Sr.COND iSTTI 915 PER
O month. Key at 539 - econd st. ______
7 ROOMS; 637b SECOND ST. J 917 PER
I month. Key at 539 Second st. '
5 ROOMS: NEW HOUSE: SIODERN IM-
O provements; 45 Federa s.; 915 per month to
desirable tenants, key at 539 v eco'id sU
|_l oL'Sr.s lv 14U.N1' Foil VERY little
Tl money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, lU
WontrnmerTßt. .
FUKNISHED HOUSES.
L* URNISHED HOUsE OF 10 ROOMS AND
X bath for sale. 622 Sacramento st.
COTTAGES TO EET. -f ;\
HTNCE~Fr>^GOoITT.ENANTS: 3 AND 4
room cottages; 98 to 912. SPECK A CO.. 602
Marketst.
UNNY' COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS. BAsEMENT
and yard. 3628 a Army St.
C_ 1 «_) COTTAGE 4 ROOM*; LARGE YARD;
tZ'lO. chicken-yard. 3343 Twenty -first St.,
above Va encia. '
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5* ROOMS; BATH; BASE-
ment; yard: rent cheap. Dolores and Fif-
teenth sta . ' .
fi» 1 *_ NICE COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH:
-3* 10. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
FEATS TO EET;
FLAT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
improvements: on Twelfth sU: 920. '
Lower fiat; 5 rooms; bath; laundry* front and
rear yards for flowers: 922 80.
.our snuny ro ms and bath on Glen Park aye.;
second floor: 915. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye.. off Twelfth sU *
IrtC WALLER, NR. FILLMORE — LOWER
WO flat; 4 rooms; bath; 917. MADISON &
BURKE
A— 300 VACANT FLATS AND HOUSES. 98
. to $200; 20 new ones now ready. SPECK _
CO., 6 .2 Market su
VOUK ROOMS, UPPER, NEW, MODERN;
X bath, etc.; sunny. 1622 Fell st., beu Central
and Slasonic ayes. ; facing Park Panhandle.
Q.s <i FLATS; 4 ROOMS EACH. 26 RICH
Cl". St., between Folsom and Harrison.
UPPER FLAT: FINE VIEW; 5 ROOMS AND
bath. Apply 1325 Washington, near Jones.
SUNNY FLAT OF 4 i.OOMS AND BATH;
913: no iren. 620 a Turk St., rear.
7"l ._) FRANKLIN, NEXT HOUSE To GOL-
i XO den Gate aye.— Sunny flat, 8 rooms: bath;
j 932 50. »
ATICE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH AND MOD-'
' Xi era conveniences; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
I st., near Hayes. •
QQX TWELFTH-4 SUNNY BOOMS AND
000 bath: ren 916. Apply 1 9 Isis st.
ELEGANT NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
7 rooms and balh; all modern improvements.
794 Halght su ■ ■ ■ ■
UNNV LOWER FLAT; 5 ROOSIS. BATH,
yard; 915. 1720"/s Folsom, nr. Thirteenth.
£9- JESSIE ST., UPPER PART— SUNNY
D_jO rooms to adults.
ir>ir GROVE; — SUNNY UPPER 6-ROOM
XOl I flat; convenient; 1 or 2 families.
.ti. HEi.SIA.nN— 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
.i-O latest Improvements: rent 919.
q_7^ RMBCOI AGE: 3 BOOMs; NO CHIL-
_)O. dren. 715 Tehama su
C UNNY 3- BOOM FLAT. THE MAYBELLE,
k3 202 Grove st., cor. Van Ness aye.
CO v l JESS-lE. NM. MXI'H-LoWEB FLAT
O— — 3 of 6 rooms, bath and gas; rent *16. --
CONVENIENT 5-ROOM FLAT: BATH. COR.
I ncr Nineteenth and Hartford sts ; castro cars.
ATEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; 3176
XI 25th, cor.Folsom. J. A.ULRICH.4I » rocker bL
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
I rooms, 98 to 916: see them. 523 Seventh st.
LAT: "TrOOSIS and bath : sunny BELT:
915 per month; 2610V_ Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st. *
Q, I Q AND 920; .MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
0 1 O rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher au, near 8, end
Fillmore.
I yl-ROoM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE OFF FED-
"I eral st.: to a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 639 -econd su -
,_. 1 , LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 BOOMS,
tp X *.. bath- and gas. 8928 Nineteenth su, beu
Noe and Sanchez.
i;<LA._ "To -lENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN & JiAMMONi/-, 10
on i pom err ct.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Lush t-traet. .
'/_»9i BUSH— FINE SUNNY SUITES; LIGHT
U_i I housekeeping or board; single; 96 up.
nrqrt BU-H ST.— TW O PLEASANT SUNNY
_.0--0 front rooms, nicely furnished; suitable
for light housekeeping.
_ nib street.
Q"l A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
Ox *± dowroom: kitchen; bath; nochildren; 912.
Fifteenth Street.
i/ilft FIFTEENTH— SUITE HOUSEKEEPG
IUXU rooms: also single rooms: path, gas: son.
Glenn Park Avenne.
5 GLENN PARK AYE.. OFF TWELFTH-3
unfurnished sunny rooms: closets.
Golden Gate Avenue.
/_»9fl GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY. PAR-
U__U lor floor, complete for housekeeping, 928:
also single. ■ ■ •
Q/\Q GOLDEN GATE — LARGE ALCOVE;
OUt> otner sunny rooms for housekeeping. •
Haight Street.
CSA HAIGHT -ROOM FURNISHED FOR
_- _t housekeeping: gas and bath: 99-
Harrison Street.,
nesr HARRISON— LARG X UNFURNISHED
,'Z.O room for housekeeping; rent 95; or two
rooms for 98. -■ ■ ' ■- ■
Howard Street.
-I "1 CSQa HOWARD-NEATLY FURNISHED
I J _jO room for housekeeping- s ove: bath;
99 50 per month: only quiet sober people need
app'y- ■_ J ■ ■' .
Hyde Street.
non HYDE — BACK PARLOB, COMPLETE
mCosJ tor housekeeping. ' *
. ones M ree..
OARC JONES, COR. FILB.RT -3 OR 4
ZUOO sunny unfurnished rooms; convenl-
ences; very cheap. '
Lki-in .- ree.. .
a 9Q LARKIN— SU NNYJFURNISHED ROOMS
T-w complete for housekeeping: terms mod.
Lewis Street.
-I r* LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST— UN-.
XU furnished room, kitchen; newly papered; 98.
Si arket Street.
1 CilQ MARKET- 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
x\J6.O complete for _,ous«-keei4ng, 910: 2 un-
fnrnl.hed. 97. /i : ■■'■■'
i Q.i/_* MARKET— FURNISHED AND UN-
J O— D furnished rooms for housekeeping. -...-"
Martha Place.
A MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. MA-
TT son st.— 2 nice* sunny i poms, newly furnished.
McAllister Slreet.
/199 MCALLISTER ST. — HOUSEKEEPING
t_-_. rooms; also t. ont room. .
Montgomery Street.
K97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
"J— * until 9:3 o'clock.; branch office of Thk
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken. .
aiotna Street. V'^T
Ql NATOMA, COR. BECOND— 3 NICK BUN-
( -1 ny front rooms for housekeeping or separate;
also single rooms. - -^ .
*!.*-. NATOMA— 2 SETS BOUSKKEEPING
UUU rooms; rent 98 and flO per montn.
Octavia Street.
1 40^ OCTAVIA,' COR. GEARY— 3 SUNNY
X^SJU fnrnlsbed bay- windows; kitchen; gas
stove; bath; single or en suite.
«-> ' . ..ITU . sa'tioi.';
000 P'FAfiRELi,-FURNI- fIED BOOM TO
f J *-y ,et ! or *.*"° gentlemen or husband and wife,
In private family. • ■■■*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
HOUSEKEEPING- BOOMS — Continued.
second Street.
r-1 {r SECOND— 4 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
010 housekeeping; kitchen, parlor and 2 bed-
room-; rent 914.
Stevenson Street.
AC)Z. — FURNISHED AND UN-
X_jO furnished -rooms to leu .
. 47 A STEVENSON— COMFORTABLY FUB-
I li nished room; clo.et; batb; lor 2; private
lamily. - ■
siucktmi street.
1 Q9pfl STOCKTON*— 3 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
xOmCsJ nished complete ior housekeeping; 910.
' .' ; ;-; ; ; Tenth street.
■1 O/f TENTH— LARGE FRONT BOOM OR
I- —i — light housekeeping, cheap. _^
Twentieth Street. V. ; '" v , t-
OOesCs TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA—
OU_w_- connecting rooms furnished for house-
keeping.
Ii tui Sen* Avenue.
Cl VAN NESS AYE. — - ROOM SUITE,
010 complete for housekeeping^^; also single.
Webster Street,, . /
7-I*l WEBST-R-2 OR 3 LARGE BOOSIS,
ill. furnished or unfurnished; housekeeping.
BOOMS TO EET.
California Sireet.
THE VICTORIA. NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
and Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single; rents reasonable. ' ' '
Eddy Street.
CQft FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOMS,
OOU with grate, 97 and 98: single 75c
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
»3 su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDES-
cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining daiiy papers; smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; opeu' all night; rooms per night. 35c to
91 5l); week, 92 to 98: montb, 93 to 930: fire es-
capes; elevator oh office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready: and cold water in each room; baths. ■
fPHE BAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KaTE S.
X H ABT. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newlyfurnished; e.evator; hot & cold water.
Fifteenth Street.
"I fiQ". FIFTEENTH, COR. VALENCIA— 2 OR
lOt/Os sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bay-window; grate; bath; references.
" ' i'-'J i ;. u.arv Stree...
HA GEARY— BOOMS AND SUITES: DAT,
week or month: country trade solicited.
. Jones Street.
On 7 -TONES— THE \AN WINKLE: NEW
— -U I management; elegant sunny suites and
elnele: newly furnished: batb, etc 910 tofclSO.
. — — — , — ,
Howard Street.
GHpfi HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOM: SUIT-
OUU able for a gentleman. MRS L. DEAN.
QQQ HOWARD, CO t. OF SIXTH— NICELY
000 furnishe! suites, 93 60 a week, single beds
91 25 to 91 50. double beds 91 60 to 92 60 a week.
IQ||<JB HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH—
J OUO Large sunny bay-window; elegantly fur-
nished ; private family.
97. i*. HOWARD— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
aj • -SO rooms; rent cneap.
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pieasantsunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class ln ever, respect: terms reasonable.
ATEW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
JLI corner Jackson— Single looms 15, 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
Mai Street.
YOSEMIT**; HOUSE. 3045 SIARKET — PER
nichu Ssc -n «1 : week. $1 60 to 95: famine.
"1 9AQ SI A RKET — ELEGANTLY FV R-
Xmm UO nished alcove sunny suites and single
rooms. -
1 Ztfiß MARK 1 T— NEW. LARGE, SUNNY
X OUO office-rooms: all modern.
Minna Street.
/f Ql MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
Till Nicely furnished front rooms, 95 a month
and up: hot and cold water baths. _^_
Mission Street. '" \«; ."
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Sf ISSTON; SELECT
family rooming-house: 91 60 to 96 per week.
/_♦_>-■ J MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
UO— . Ny rooms: quie place: prices reasonable.
1 fiftO MISSION— FURNISHED FRONT PAR-
XUOO lors for light housekeeping; other rooms.
Oak Street.
791 1 OAK— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
I •- I 2 and back parlor; 911: gas: bath.
HK-BB? Paciflo Street.
Q97 PACIFIC — LARGE LIGHT ROOMS;
Omi. I single or en suite; furnished or unfurnished.
Post Mreet.
99Q1 PORT (THE ' IKiMUS)-SUNN V FUR-
-.-.O'j ntahed looms; fine location; reasonable.
; POST (UP AIRS)— E'RONT ROOMS;
U furnished; reas< nable, permanent parties.
becond. Street. .
97 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE; ELEO\NT
Oi furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY. Prop.
CO SECOND-DOUBLE BOOMS, 91 60 TO 93
Ur- a week; single, 91 to 91 50; night 25c to 50c.
"1 "I r SECOND-CLEAN AIRY ROOMS, WELL
X X O furnished, 91 up.
- ' sixth Street.
QO SIXTH — QUIET . SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; "-.11 conveniences; fireproof building.
"I 9- SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
!_.«) nicely furnished double and single sunny
front rooms.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 6.IXTH-OPEN
a I night rooms; 25c 10 91 per night, 91 26 to
96 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
tutu 11 siree..
"I AC) SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE-ELK.
J- i— 1 gant turn, suites.kitchen: also single rooms
Mockion s. iee..
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
nlshed rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
Sutter Street.
CArt SUTTEE, COB. POWELL— SUNNY FUR-
OUU nisbed or unfurnished rooms.
•;'',-=;.' Vaiencl- -ttreei
r "I i\ VALENCIA — NICELY FURNISHED
OIU rooms: single or en suite: reasonable.
\ — — .so-* A.ip.pjpl.
Q"! 7 'VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
OX I room, hot and cold, water; also 3 unfur-
nished room-
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thk Call. . Subscriptions and
want ads taken. * • ', .
' BOARDING AND BOOMS. w
79^PINK (KENOvTr^^nrWLTY FUIC
<_-«.) nished suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
01 HO CALIFORNIA — 1. LEG AN T BESI-
i-XU' ' dene ■; hot, cold wa erln every room; fur-
nace; table first class; excellent service; telephone.
7"n LEAVENWORTH— SUNNY* CORNER;
'__■ SJ suites, single: excellent table; rates mod.
A Oil BRYANT— FURNI-HED FRONT ROOM
X UU with or without board. ' ..
OAD VAN NES- 'AYE -elegant SUNNY
OUO rooms, en suite cr single; excellent table.
tf»9fl AND LESS— FIRST-CLASS ROOSI AND
— U boaid: central co-operative. D.. box 3, Ca11.
A A SIXTH -T.— THE MANIHESTEIt; ELE-
-17 gant furnished sunny rooms; tine table board.
A-\f\ HYDE- NICE L Y FURNISHED BOOMS;
X J U privilege parlor and piano: table first class.
OTEL B%BT,LI NO. 714 B ■ SII-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
a 9 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PABLOBB
ll- and other rooms, with boar I: 920 np-
CIIILOKEN EOAKDED.
OTHER'S" PERSONAL " CARE; SUNNY
healthful rooms; .'• wholesome food: sandy
yard; reaso able terms. Address M.. box 119. Call.
IDDLE-AGED WIDOW WoULu LIKE TO
take an Infant to rear. Address A. W., box
45, Call Office. • .- -. ■'.';.-.-"
STORES TO -ET. ~~~
<r_9- STORE, 8 ROOMS LIGHT CELLAR.
«Jp_iO. 1128 Howard su, near seventh. . '- -.. ;
/irt NI TH-LAROE i STORE; FIXTURES;
. OUU 3 rooms; stable; rent low. .
TORE AND 3 ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
for dressmaker: sonny belt: 916 per .month;
2610 Mission su Apply 844 Capp st.
A 1 I* FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
410 inrear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A C."., 14 Montgomery St. : :
ARBER-SHOP, WITH _ BATHS: ; . KBTAB-
llshed 16 year.: 918 per month; key at 639
Second st. - - _.'
' < arpenter-shop; 97 per month, &De Boom St.;
key at 639 Se ond sU ;. :-
Pum ng- simp; 96 per month. 3 De Boom su ;
key at 639 Second st.
Corners-ore, 631 becond St.; ' 914 per month;
key at 639 second sU ;.-'.. ■ , : ;' . :■; ' : p .
OrwiAND 306 . POST— HALF OF STORE TO
OUU rent; reasonable terms to desirable party. i
-A T LOW BENT— PART. O-' bTOBE AND
b_.e_.e_u 824 Post su :
PERSONALS.
INFORMATION' OF THE- WHEREABOUTS
of O. M SIcCLOUD and wife, last heard of were
In: Oakland in 1894. Write C. S. SAUNDERS,
New Atlantic Hotel, San Francisco. ■:
OPERATIC CONCERT OF PROF. JOSTGRE-
VAN'S pupils takes place on Wednesday, 27th
ol January, 1897, In. the Y. si. C. A. aunitoriuro,*.
Mason and El.is sts.. beginning at 8 p. m. sharp:
first part concert, secon 1 part acting aid si ging
in costumes; voice improver; tickets 50c, In all
music stores and at JOS. GREVEN'B office, Slur-
phy building, Market and Jones sts.. rms. 121-122.
,4 DVICfc FREE; DIVORCE A SPE-
Jx. eialty: private no charge unless successful:
alt lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.
G.W.HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cr. Stockton.
WIDOWER (AGED -7) WITH 9.-.000 WORTH
** of property wishes the acquaintance of a
widow- wltn means; object matrimony. P. A.,
box 2, Call. " ..-■-•.- ■■.'■■-.■ <
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED:
obesit." reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broalway, Oakland, room 25. j .
BOOKS OPENED: ACCOUNTS FOOTED BY
hour, month or year; bookkeeping and short-
hand taught; low rates. W. A. X., box 120, Call
HELP! HELP!
"At last has been found for rheumatism, neu-
ralgia and nerves. No need of any more suffer-
ing, for
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS
Will cure any case, light or severe. No maner
how long the patient has suffered be will be cured
at 1533 Buchanan at.
R. SMITH'S CATARRH CURE GUARAN-
,eed to stop that cut. rrh: 60c. 1533 Buchanan.
AlBA DE FORCE GORD >N. ATTORNEY
at law. ; 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
THE REST SIGN IN THE WORLD: ENAM-
eed 1 tters. Go to factory, 409 Sanchez su
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE AT
reasonable rates: lOyears' experience: best of
references given: all matters strictly confidential:
address or call 223 Stevenson. ;a. D. WEBsTER.
METROPOLITAN I'ETECTIVE~BUREAU,
Parrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-541: hours 'a m. to 12 p. m.: tele. Mint 1471.
OLD GOl^D BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
A FEW STUDENTS WANTED BY DR. R. H.
COWAN, -.hiropodist. 126 Kearny, room 24.
MY HAIRDKESSING SUITS THE FACE:
my prices (25c.) suit the customer: my par-
lors are neat and clean and so are the attendants;
I res ore tray or bleached hair to natural color.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at., nearest Geary.
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED, WITH
II 925, by unincumbered lady. 120 Ellis, r. 17.
A TING, WHITE -ING, PAPERING,
etc.; times are hard: must have work. F. ED-
WARD 1200 Webster sU, cor. Eddy. 3*"t*~?H~__l
1 (Hill CARDS, 91.6 U. SHOW CARDS, ETC.
lUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22y, Geary st.
<J|_ I A DOZEN — FINE CABIN _.!'-. AX' Wi-r
tipl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Markeu ■
CIET A SHAVE A I THE LADIES' BABBEB-
J shop, 767 a Howard st., near Fourth. ,:-..'
1 THE PEOPLES Wit DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases trea.ed and medicines fur-
nished for 91: call or write. 1029*^ Market •_,
beu Sixth and Seventh. San Francisoo, CaL
OfT SIONTGOMEBY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
■'— I of Thk Calx: want ads and subscriptions
taken. ■ ■
PARTINGTON'S .CHOOL OF SIAGIZINE
J . and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc- 424 Pine su; illustration, lurui.bed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
RTI TIC. AIRDKEs-sINO, 26c; 925 FoR
cases of hair falling of dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBABD, 1104 ilarketsu, room 28.
HE ANIMATOSCOP*-, THE PERFECT
— screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address a nlmatoscope Company,
9.3 Market su, San Francisco, seventh floor.
B. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
. Parroti building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. .03.
OUPTURK- AND PILES -URED: No PAY
It nntll cured: send for book. DBS. MANS-
FIELD A FORTKRFIELD 838 Market st.
AGNI&COPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine: uses the klnetoscope films; price 9250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. . ' -
YV" A LLP A PER, 40 A ROLL; 'PAPER HANG-
'» Ing. painting etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own pnee. N.E MERIGAN. 1302 Webster sU
bIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON .-HOW EVE-
ry night cor. Markel and Sixth sis.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marketst.* '
EL. CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
J Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
.00 rooms, 25c to 91 60 ier night: 91 50 to 96 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR EEATKER-BEDs AND Pllr
lows filled. McC.i BE'S. 870 Siission. cor. 6th.
DIVORCr. AND ANNULMENT of AR-
riagei terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where, Address lock box F. 9u6 Market St., & F.
LOAKS, EU ANu bUlls kET'AILE.O Al
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST. IN ASIERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age. free. ■ ■
DRESSMAKERS.
pOSIPETENT DKESSMAKER WISHES PRI-
-\J vate pnp Is In dressm.iklng. D., box '."-', Call.
EDUCATIONAL. ■
LUCKHARDT'S COSIBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest Improved methods Id assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell su: elevator.
EAL.D'B BUSINESS COLLEOE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: .0 teachers: 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
RES', The LEADING COLLEGE 3.>
Montgomery St.; Individual lnstructloa la
ehortband, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship 950: low rates ncr week and mo.
A LASCO'S LYCKU 3 SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private thea. rlcals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0.F block, 7th and MkU
QOKKEEFIN- THORUUGHLV 1.% _ EKES
or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
- SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market sU ; students trained: office
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
NGiNE— MING SCHOOL: MECH., ELEU,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archtu. X ray
iau.iines.lB64. VAN DEB NAILLJ-N.72.S Mkt
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANTADS FOB THE
1 alt. taken at branch office, 889 Hayes St.;
open until V :30 o'clock. -':-.--■+
I EO COOPER'S Si HOOL OF ACTING. DaNC-
JJ ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
ANJO, PIA.-O, MANDOLi - AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth su
RAWING AND PAINIING 1 AUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; 96 mo. 305 Larkin, r. 105; p it
OINGJNG; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
>j French. German languages: 92 mo. 109 laylor.
OICE, DRASIA. ORATOKY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof.ROss. Donohoe bldg;!2 to 1, 7 to 8.
L>RUF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
■i mandola ;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
Ul-AR. .MANDOLIN, PiANu „.><u VoC-i.
lessons. 93 ma , Mary Westbau-. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WRITNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
Any A nl«h"- ("a »*.».: 95 mon ■. H45 Ml-i»ln-|.
CLAIRVOYANTS. •
MME. VR THOMAS, SCIEN TIEIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; . noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91 : letter 92. 929 Post st, nr Larkin.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CeAlßVOi-
ant card-reader: born with aoub c veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading: ladies, 60c: genu. 91: palmist iy md
clairvoyant sittings. 91 50. 126 Turn st., nr Jones.
YPSY QUe.EN, MAI. OF MANY
lands, magnetist; past accurately reviewed;
future precisely foretold; love and business spe-
cialty: mines located- letters answered. Boom 1,
1 Fifth st. ... .■■■,...■■■■
ME. LENEMAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets; predicted "74" passengers steamer
Island. 815 Siission sU
its. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant In the city. Residence. 132 Turk st.
its. FU.-TON ; MATH.R ALIZINO SEANCE
to-night. 50c; sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
MSIE. ->_ 151 L,1.1. 1 --.LL-* i'Mji _KADL.n. To
grave: pictures given: ladles -sc : 1-14 CFarrelL;
ME. HANSEN, PALSIIST.CARD-KEADEK;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st. , r. A.
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium In city: fee 26c np. 764 Howard sU
\PSY LIFE- READER. REMOVED TO 8
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
ME WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARD*: J__Aj
dies, 250: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME 'RUTH, HARRISON OF N. V., MAG-
i'l netlc hea er: card-reader. I R. 17 109 a Powell.
~ SPIRITUALISM. ~ "
RB. J. MEYER, CIR. THIS KV&'ftT-JBaK
Wed. and Fri., "p M. ; trance dr., Slon. and
Fri.' eve., 25c: sittings daily. 326 McAllister su ':.■.
SIE. 1 SMAN, 11 UAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affulrs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations sp. ci lty. 838 Mission.
ME. YOU l-IG'- TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c. 418 McAllister St.: a I skeptics In vit d.
MRS. J.- J. - WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium A nfe reader. 218 Stockton
R. » DDIE: SWAIN TURNE -; tsITTINGS
and treatment to ladles: fee moderate. 61 Fifth.
. M. FRANCIS, I.\DEPENDENT SLaTE
•': writer. < 118 Hatcht sL; hours 9 until 6 p. sc
RS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TOS. 91;
i'l circles Tnea. I r'.. 2 P it. "Br. 233 Valencia.
HYPNOTISM. ' r ~
TTYPNUTIHSI SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
CITY REAL ESTATE. :;-
CC BEMIS,
. real estate and land AGENT,
324 montgomery ST.
•FOR SALE. , ••-.• ."
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
- . 9450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feeL '
96700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
96000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: -5x137 :6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer. .
88500— Elegant NW corner of Cole and Carl sts.
9300— Choice building lots north of pari-.
Bargain— SW. cor. lifti: ay. and C su : 109x95 ft.
RESIDENCE <F 8 BOMS . AND BATH.
cheap, at 1018 Sutter st.: must be removed.
Apply to H. JACKS, box 267. Builders' Exchange.
BARGAIN. •- ■■•- - ..-• •,".--. - .v.-'-'-.
Must be sold— 3 large houses, renting for $60
per mom li: double lot. 50x80; on the north line
of Brannan St., beu Ist add 2d: cheapest property
on the markeL - For price and terms, apply to
MADISON A BURKE, 626 Slarket st.
L'OK I-vALE oN EASY TEkSIS-BI DE RN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.: housei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun ln every room;
see them to-day. Take Baight or Ellis street car,
l.et off at Masonic nve. ; owner on premises.
5 A(\(U\ roil **ALE OR EXCHANGE
«JP*±UUU. New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; ' brick
foundation; bay windows; lot 6.x160.-
G. U. UMBSEN & CO-
-1 ■ . . r 14 Montgomery st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
LTA PUNTA TBACT: GEM OF THE BAY
J\ District; 425 acres: subdivided; 8 mi es north
of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes from
San Francisco; lots 50x200;. from 9100 to 9200;
installments; send lor a map..' GEOBGE W.
HaIOHT, 220 Sansome St.. S. F. .
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
% rrTSIOU>^ES~TND~~L^^ ; iIOM[ 9200 TO
O\J 928,000; 100 ranches, everywhere, nrices
9300 to 946,00 > 160 stores and business places,
from 950 to 910.000 ior sale or exchange.
H. CHECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
fflj. IS A HOUSE OF 3 ROOMS: LOT 25x140:
«Ip-UU. will exchange for Improved or unim-
proved country proper.y; mortgage ?900 at 7 per
• cenU 1402 Valencia si., cor. Tweniy-flfth.
I 7 (\(U\ HOUSE OF 16 ROOMS ON 50-
-1 4. UUU. vara lot, San Francisco, to ex-
chance for ranch in the bay counties: very desir-
able property. GEO. W. HAIGHT, 220 S-nsome.
l^E^V -OR OLE Llnl' OF URcUAR- HoMEI
tJ tor sale. WoO**TK I A WHITTOV. Sun Anna.
~ PBOPEBTY WANTED.
E^"Lr9_oa^STo^_rAND^_^^
X small lou X., box 15, Call Office.
\V* ANTED— ABOUT - ONE SECTION- GRASS
»' land; living water. .Cash, box 36, Call.
MONEY TO "LOAN. '
A— PRIVATK AND RESPKCTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate . nun Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance mO9 Market st.
qjj.»/wv ..llli *'f^ per cent ON city
tu)OUU.''UU real estate: also Oaklaud, estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AN* PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne wry lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 MarkeL '"
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without - removaL
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
&_>Qt\ fWWI ON FIRST AND SKCOND SIORT-
«H)OU.UUI" gages; city and country or furni-
niture. R. P. QUINN, 53 Chronicle building.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.
no removal: no delays: co commissions: low
Interest. . Rm. 68. Donohue bide. 1170 Market si.
(JJj'JOC iiniiAl' BANK RATE 1: .1* 1' AND
<J)O«_O.UUU 2d mortgages. -estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as 950. H. SIITRPHv. 62. Slarket st.
W HY PAY HIGH INT.* ON "-MALL LOANS?
' * We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each 9100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
.IV. l IE PARIY LOAN-. ON ANY GOOD
security:'ow interest H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
O.NEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount, W LLIAMS* 214 Pine st., room 3.
Q^ippA 10 950,000; Low h_l' HAT-.: L-l A -iO
tjpO\J mortgage: fiat or InstlmnL Dryden. 685 Cal.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWE_.RY.ETC
Columbia Loan A 1 ollateral Office. 9 ' -rant aye.
PAWNBROKERS.
ADVANCESON DIAMONDS-lE WELRY, SlL-
verware, pianos :low rales. Natl. Loan, 133Tay lor
IGHE^I' I'RllE IAIIJ tint. ..Sl OK/
clothing. « osn-ono l'»- I oen offlc.. 49 Third.
' ; .//i. : ;;- A -IA.MIAL,
B\NKBOOKS CA . SAVINGS AND LOAN— I
will buy. B. 70 916 Market st, &F.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU " CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
-I\. chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con. ,
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, insta iments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for S3,
94 an I 95 per month: beautiful new uprights for
96,97,9-1, 99 and 910 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than tbe above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same. for a Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, ILAY A CO., repre-
sentatives of Steinway 16 Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle. Mash.
VV E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
»» the wonderful Ivers <fe Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:
just received; it Is impossible to make a, better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
agents for Ivers *_* Pond, Lindeman, . Connor,
Sluehlfeld. Haynes -nd Sinter ptanos. J. T.
BOWERS <fe SON. Sletrorolltan Temple building.
ACTUALLY THE BhSl* BARGAIN*- IN
pianos; see our 1 st for this week: pianos on
93, 94, 95, 9b, 97 98. 99, 910,. 915. 920 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each, deliv-
ered free anywhere In tbe city and kepi tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER Co.
Salesrooms, 933 Market at, opp. Mason.
BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AN D LARGEST
bonse west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell sL: pianos, or-
gans and all otber musical Instruments, of all
grades and pricei: terms /«isy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to pieasa and satisfy me
customer. ■ .- ■
AINES, BUbH A GEBTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
nprights, 9135; organs, 935. W. C HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post sU
i__.NOS 8 i.D, RENTED, TUNED. BE-
paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in tne ti*.y. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes at. ■■■'-■■■.
/-i RAND UPRIGHT CURLED WALNUT
VJ piano, used very little; cheap: mus. be sold
on account of death in the family. 211 Shotwell.
DMINISTRATOR'S BALE — Si U- 1 fti.LU
pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Markeu
TINE SQUARE, f.6; . STEINWAY OR
r Decker Bros., 9350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at SI AUVAIS', 769 Blarket's*. - -
ARGAIN — FINE' IHICKKRING 9100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hibernla Bank.
<_ I fU» A WALNUT UPRIGHT. STOOL,
\J\J. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Posu
S_UO ! A <-OOD 7-OCTAVE UPiIIGUT; FINE
tjpOU. condition ;951nstallmts.221Lea yen worth.
(JpOU, condition; 95 Install mts, 221 Leavenworth.
SHAW. STEINWAY 9260, CHICKERING
A 91 85; great bargains: 94 mo HEINE.I 36 Ellis.
AGNIFICENT STEIN WAY Ui'RiGHT AND
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
G. BADGER, SOuE A ENT FOR HALLET
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 sacto.
YBON MAI ZY, . 808 Pal' ST hOHMER,
N ewbv <£ Evans. Briggs and otber pianos.
CUPERIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
l-> H. SIULLER. maker, repairer 2 I a ham place.
. WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TliU
."A. WEEKLY CALL, wrapper, for mailing
FOR SAEE-BIISCELEANEOUS.
ITiOR . SALE— SECON l-HASD SCREW--UT-
F ting lathe, .in fine condition. 120 Suiter St.,
room 64. ''.-'..'■''■ -' ■'-' ■■■''- ■■'•'• '-V "•■ | .
-L OR SALE— FRENCH RANGE, *8 • • FEET
i 1 long. Apply to POWER A PIKE, 49 Sacra-
mento sU «■ nr- • ,
■ oi.. i\ LEAVING CITY AND MUST SELL
_.U. elegant, almost new White sewing ma-
chine; 5 drawers; complete attachments. 704 Pine.
EW ELD_V'_ iD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
■lN W. & RAY MFG. CO, 12 California su .
UILER-S,ENOINES,.D-HANi> MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mcintosh _ Wolpman. 137 Beats,
. ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
-1 cases, counters, -linoleum, -office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. 3. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission a:-, above Sixth.
ARS,. SCALES. . MIRROR-*, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. M-EK, 1118 Mission.
VJ A'ITONAL CASH REi-IVfER, GOOD OR-
i> ■ der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission su
OFF__- mill "SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. - 102 Clay. ,
ARS, SHOWCASE-), COUNTERS. bUKLV-
'■'JI ing, etc., i ought and sold.! 1063 Siission, nr.7th.
NX SMALL SIKDiL'M i AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Markel
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGE-*,
rented .repaired: .lowest rates. -05 Fourth sb
: : J\ ■';.',.. ,'v; OFFICES TO LET. ;,-.,, ;-. •"^
ELEGANTLY F^R^TSnE^T^SITS^Y
J- offices ' ior doctors or dentists ;'* ' central 426
Baiter at. -:
COCNTRT REAL ESTATE, li
<2»97-*,A 18- ACRE ORCHARD DVKRSI-
«Jp___,' I ti\J. fled fruits. 8 year old. with new house
5 rooms and stable; n early fruit belt; for sale on
easy terms or exchange for San Francisco or Bay-
city property. Address N. N., box 3-, Call.
FOR RF.NT-CHICKEN RA>CH 10",% acres
at I*loo per year. F. NEWMAN,. Ei Vera 10,
CaL. ■.: . - -■■ .7 - - ,- . ... ■. - ■ ' ■ ;•- : - '
ELEGANT VINEYARD; WOULD Ex-
change: rare bargain. Rm. 70, Columbia bid
M* A Tfc-D — IN KXCHA FOR - CITY
»' lodging-house clearing $200, improved coun-
try property, whl pay part cash. SPECK A CO.,
6*. Slarket st. . • ;." -\ '_ —^ SJ£- : i
RAIN RANCH FOR RENT; CASH oR
shares; 400 acres bottom, 960 upland ; on rail-
road; renter must. furnish every tuing. J. H., box
137, Cal Office. . • .
1 111 I.E HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN! ISL
■t proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 year.' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Slonday at 632 Market st., S. F.
KRN COUNTY INVE-TM NT— BAKE
fie d Is one of the mo.it advantageous points
ln Caiifi.ruia for investment right now; ; I have to
offer some of the best business and residence prop-
erty at very low prices; sure to increase in value:
also improved property that will pay: .corre-
spondence solicited. R. B. SWaYNE, Bakers-
fleld. Cal. V / , .
1 OT 60x108 FT.. 4 ROOMS BARN. WELL.
I $600, chickens and ducks are th. best money-
makers on this tract: lot 225x265 ft., 6. fruit
trees, 4-room house, furnished, barn, well, tank,
horsepower, pouliry-sheds, only $1200, terms
$250 cash, balance * per month, 7 per rent In-
terest; also sV_> acres adjoining above for $900 or
mor: gage on ■ San Francisco property. Address
The Owner, box 172, Oilroy.
BARGAIN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetab'es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs $ 6 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasanton,
Alameda County. Call or write, 67 Chronicle
building. :
c/lrt ACRES; 100 ACRES BOTTOM LAND;
O\J\J running water: exchange for anything; no
reasonab c offer refused. Address C, box 4, Call
Office, Oakland.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale oy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building san Fran' Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY. (
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
'Cjl RC\f\ BANCH OF 16% ACRES, VINE-
tJDIOtfV/. yard, family orchard, bouse, barn,
etc.; in heart of Napa Valley: grapes paid $400
this year; former price $6500; mortgage of $2500
foreclosed; will bell now for $1800. ALDEN &
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Allis ACRES GOOD LAND, ALL Ci EAR, TO
rtUU trade. ALDEN A CO., 902 Broadway,
Oakland. . --. ffluOliUl
fij I 07' THIS L - A BARGAIN} MODERN
L— 4 O. cottage of 5 rooms and bath: tine
mantel: 7-foot Las ment; lot 50x145, fenced;
only one block from Fruitvale avenue; terms if
desired. H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station.
T AM AUTHORIZED lO SELL THE FuL-
X lowing propeity, taken under foreclosure of
mortgage, at cost of foreclosure:
No. I— Cottage; 5 rooms, bath; No. 1 condition;
newly papered and painted; 1 block to local sta-
tion and electric-cars; price $1500; $200 to $400
cash, b lanre to suit. , ■ ■ , ■
No 2— A well-built bouse. 6 rooms; bath-, large
lot; 3 blocks to local station; 1 blocK to car lines:
street work all done; will soon be business prop-
erty: stores now located in same block; prlc-
s'.soo: $400 cash.
No. 3— House 8 rooms; bath; barn; lot 60x115;
sunny expo ure: very convenient to business;
neighoorliood first class: lot al ne worth price
asi<edtur property; street work complete; price
826U0. J. 8. -.Y.-.RS,
_^ 3002 Broadway, Oakland.
T'VE BEEN 1 OLD SO. BUT WOULD LIKE TO
X investigate for myself— A bandsome 5-room,
b gh-basement cottage, with bath, closeis, pantry:
hard finished; very modern; fine lot, and all com-
plete lor $950: terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots also can be bad for $75 and upward; streets
all graded ; electric roads near and fine scnool-
house: Allendale Tract, in Fruitvale,. adjoining
East Oakland ; climate, soil and view unexcel ed ;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
J N- -, owner. ' . ;
■ A _.A'l i. - ,TAGE OF 6 KOUMS aND BATH;
■li situated on Adeline St., near Fourteenth; part
casb; price reduced to $1750. I WSL J. DINGEE,
460 Klghih ' Oakland. -
*_>_)■ II C .SH. BALANCE $.6 65 A MONTH—
«JpO«»t" fine home; cost $4100 price $2350.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ - s .-' ■ ■• ' . ;
a«7„TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
O • '' lots In the town of Fltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oaklaud, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from ban Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLE, owner, 915*& Washington St.,
Oakland. Cal. A.v.v
5 I t/| LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tip LOU. Fruit vale; electr.c cars; only 31 down
and $1 a week selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B PINNEY owner. 902 Broad war. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA. KEAL .ESTATE.
ARGAraT7)OTTAGT^
high basement; less than a block from Park
sl; near station; street work comp c.c; $1500.
For terms call or addiess J. v.; 1525 Park su
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
\f UST BE SOLD TO CLOSeT'aN ESTATE:
IVi lot 123x270; 2 blocks from station: street
work done: an offer wanted. Jos. J. MASON,
Berkeley station.
LEGAL NOTICES.
|?OTICE TTT~cIiED7ToTr_^ESrATE OF
IV GEORGE W. CORNWELL. deceased. No-
tice Is her. by given by the undersigned, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of GEO. GE W. CORN-
WELL, deceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons having clams against the said deceased, to
exhibit tbem with the n cessaiy vouchers, wi hin
four months af er the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administratrix, at the office
of E M. MORGAN, atti rnev-at-law, rooms 35
and 36, 14 Sansome streeL San Francisco, the
same being her place for he transaction of the
bnslnessof the said . state in ;he city and county
of San Francisco, state of California.
FELICIA F. CORNWELL administratrix of
the estate of GEO W. ( ORNWELL. deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, January 20, 1897.
PHYSICIANS.
D~~R. C. "I CL " tiONNELL, 1206 MARKET, COR
JL/ Golden Gate ay : diseases of women a specialty.
ni......1i. i'l I,ll_.l3__s,
The following marriage licenses hays be.rt <
lssned by th» County dent's office:
Maurice Vivrer and Mary Slason, 39—25.
Slicnael Keileher and Mary Nolan. 33—28.
George W. Par-ons and Lulu Peel. 34-23.
Milton C. Bnrchell and Alice Cox. 48—32.
- Antonio Domenicant an I Teresa Lepori, 29 21.
Daniel Patton and Maggie Qulnn, 29—27.
C. A. Svlvar and Johanna ... Pet'rs. 38— 28. .
Adnlpn Mav-r and 'use L Burrows 26-20
tlhi — MARRIAGES —
rßlrth. marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not b« inserted. They must be handed lv as
either of the publication offices and be Indorse!
with the name an.l resldeuoe of persons authorize!
to have the same published. J- -.;>->-; v--.v « .
BOKX. -
EMI'EY— In this city. January 20, 1897, to the
wife of William P. Empey. a son.
ESKILSON-In this city. January 21, 1897, to the
* wife of F. Eskilson, a son. - .
LUHRS— In this cl y, January 18, 1897, to the
wife of ID. Lubrs. a son.
WE January 20, 1897, to the wife of Henry
Wplcer. a son. ."•'•*, '-.
'■--."; MAAit.-J.
BURKHART— HAKDY-In this city, January'-JL
1897. at tbn residence of the bride's parents, by
the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dllle, John A. Bnrkhart and
Miss Hardy,' both of San Francisco. »
KaUFSIaNN— NEUBERG— In this city. January
3, 1837." by the Rev. Dr N'leto. Mose Kaufmann
and Lottie Nenberg, both ot san Francisco. -
MOSS— CURRIE— In thi- city, January 22, 1897,
by the Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.D., Arthur J. Moss
and 1 ilen Currie, both of San Francisco.
PARSONS— PBEL— In -: tnis city, January* 21,
1897. by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, George W.
Parsons and I.n v Peel, both of Sau Francisco, g
VAHVAHOFF-HESSLER— In San Jose. Janu-
ary 11, 1897. by the R-v. M. P. Boynton, P.
Neketar Fadroff Vahvahoff or Russia and Lily
J.H»ssler..\ ' -' .-;
_ _-______-_-_____-__ ___
DIEli
Binder, Richard .' Lawson, Gertrude J.
Borden; N. A. LufKin. Mary M.
L Borle, Jemette McCreagh, Thomas
■ - Callahan, ' . '-.'■ Manoney. Dauiel
Caihmau, Dennis ■'- Martenstein, Zoe L.
Clark, Fellta L. : .- Murdoch. Bessie
Conard, Jane a. Murray. Helena C.
Cr .soy, Edward Newp»a% Hannah
Curran, Thomas .*. ■ .Owa.O. W. ■
Dolan, Ham • '. . . '.' Rasma»a.'Otto . .
Enos. Mary Roper. M*ry A.
Hackmeler, Reglna Sanchez. Antonio -
Haller. Ellen V. " t-chwab, Margaret he • •
Han. on, Captain D. i"■ ■"'- SmaJeke, William • ■- -
Hearon, Mary . Tiernan, Margaret
Hohenthal, Gustav White, William T.
Hoiloway, Bridget T. . Williams, Lucy N. .
Jorgensen, George J. . Wllhelml, Conrad
BINDER— In this city. January i 22, "1897, Rtctv
ard. beloved brother of Sophie and Henry Bin-
der, a native of Germany, aged 35 .ears .
BO DEN— In thiscitv. January ; 17, 1897, N. A.
Borden, chaplain of James A. '.-artie.d Post No.
34, G. A- ; 8., a native . f Nantucket, Mass , aged
'• 6U years. '..-.■ p- ..'•"' .
■ jjii" Friends and - acquaintances and comrades
of . li- G. A. B. and auxiliary associations are re-
spectfully i invited to attend th* funeral TO
..,-■;■•■-,.■-.•:-•-> ■ . ■ '.'
MORROW (Sunday!, at '- o'clock p. m.. from
/lcazar building. Interment .Naiiona Ceme-
, tery. Remains at the parlor* of A. W. Martin
& Co., 118 Geary street. .
BORLK— Entered into rest In tins city. Jannary
21. 1897. Jeanette, dear v be'oved daughierof
Mrs. L. Laid the late Lewis Borle. and sister of
Mrs. R. H. Rusch and the la c Gustavus Bone,
a n.tiva of Sau Francisco, aged 21 years and 6
days. : : '
ffiirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fu I,' invite 1 to attend t:ie funeral TH DAY
(Saturday), a' 1 o'clock p. _ from her late
residence, 647 Jessie siree.. thence to SL Pat-
rick's Churcu for services. Interment Holy Crow
c. meter v. •
CALLAOHAN-In thi -city, January 20, 1897,
John C'a*!aghan, a native or New Bedford, Mass.,
aged 48 years. , \ ,
CASHSIAN— In this city, January 2* 1837, Den-
- nis, beloved husband of Mary Ca-hmau, a na-
tive of Killorg. ln, county Kerry, Ireland, aged
71 years.
CLALK—Tn this city, January 22. 1897. Fellta
Lillian, beloved daughter of Frauk I. and Kate
A. Clark, a native of ban Francisco, aged 3 years
11 months and 14 days.
CONABD— In Fast Oakland, January 20. 1897.
. Jane A. Conard. a native of Ohio, aged 80 yean
and 5 months. •
CROSBY -In Centerville. Alameda County, Ed-
ward, husband of -Mary Crosby, and father or
'Edward G., Henry, Peter and- Dauiel Crosby,
a native of Dublin, Ireland, axed 71 years and 9
days, f Sll. higan papers please copy. ] <
CURRAN— In Oakland, January 20. 18U7.Thomas
Curran, a naiive or Ireland, aged 54 years.
LOLAN— In this city, January 31. 18"«7. William,
beloved husband of Margaret Do an, and beloved
father of Mrs. Luke Dolan. a native of County
Tyrone. IrelanJ, aged 67 years. i %
ENOS— In East Oakland. January '_-, 1897, Mary
Enos a native of Azor a, aged .8 years.
HACKMEIKR- In this city, January 20, 1897.
Reglna Hacimeier. a native of Germany, aged
61 years 4 montbs and 17 days.
HANLON— In this city. January 22, 1897, Cap-
tain Daniel, beloved husband or Eme.ie D. P.
Hanlon, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
HIT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tie luneral MONDAY,
January 25. at 9:30 o'clock a. si., from his late
residence, 1.27 -a-Kson stree. thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
nay, where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ~.'- '"."
HALLER— In this city. January 22, 1897, Ellen
Vinson Haller, a native of London, England.
43f*Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend .ne funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 20.8 Lombard streeL Interment pri-
vate. Please timi. flowers.
KARON— In this city. January 22. 1897, Mary.
beloved wife 0" Peter W. Hearon, motherof
Roberi. Walter, Fran-. Sarah, Oliver and the
lat» Alice and Mary Hearon. daughter of Mrs.
Nash, sister of Jobn and Martin Nash and Mrs.
J. rrtiz, anl niece of the lata William O'Hallo-
ran. a native or New .ork, < aged 38 years 8
' months and 21 days.
JB-~TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful, v invited toattend the funeral Tv-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Gautner A Gun.z, 8 and 10 City Hall
' square, theic- to su Patrick's v'hurch, .Mission
stree., between-SEbird and Fourth, for services.
Interment Holy Cross • emetery.
HOHENTHAL-In this city, Jauuary 20, 1897.
Gustav Hohenthal, a native of Germany, a_ed
' 68 years.
HOLLOWAY-In this city. January 32, 1897,
Bridget T., infant daughter of John aud Mary
Ellen Hoiloway, a native of San Francisco, agea
I month and 2 days.
JOBGENSEN— Drowned, near Albany, Or., Jan-
uary 17, 1897, George J., beloved son of the lac-
Captain James and Caroline C. Jorgensen, and
brother of James T. , Cecilia M., Charles J., Caro-
line L. and Alices. Jorgensen, a nat v ■ of san
Franrlico, aged 19 years 5 months and .3 days.
43 "Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully ny ted 10 at end ibe funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the rooms of
N. Gray A Co., 64i Sicramento street, iuter-
ment. L O. o. F. Cemetery.
LAWSON— In this ett/, January 22, 18"" 7. Ger-
. trude J., beloved daughter of A. and Bsr'ha K.
Lawson. a native or Napa, Cal., aged 1 year and
6 months. -iSS^B
LUFKIN— In this city, Januar? 21, 1837. 'Starr
M. Luf-ln. a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 8 months and It* days.
McCREAGH— In this city, January 21. 1897,
- Tan nat, beloved husbnnj of Alary McCreagh,
a native of Ireland, a.ed ..years and 2 months.
Fri ends are resnectfutlv Invtelto atenl
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at- 8:30
o'ciocK a. M. from his late resident 6 SlaJison
avenue, off Harrison sire -i. beiween Fifth and
Sixth, the. ice to Sl Rose's Church, where a
requiem his;h mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of his- soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. *£. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
MAHONEY— In this city. January 22. 1897.
Daniel, beloved husband of the late Ann Ma-
honey. and father of Thomas and tne late Katie
and Maggie SI -honey, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 75 years.
KS" Friends are respectfully Invited to attenl
the funeral TO- >. OR ROW (Sunday), at 9:30
o'clock a. m.. from bis late residence. 456 -ixth
street, tnence _ SL Rose's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for Uta
repose of Lii soul, commencing at 10 o'clocc
a.m. In ernient Holy Cross Cerneterv. by train
leaving Third and Townse-nd streets at 11:31)
- o'clock a. M. :•.-;'--
HARTEN-TEIN— In South Berkeley, January'
20.1897, Zoe L. Slartenstein, a native Of Cali-
fornia, aged 26 years 10 months and 2 days.
MURDOCH— In this city. January 21. 1897, Bes-
sie Murdoch, beloved motherof Mrs. Cnariei E.
Myers an 1 John Murdoch, and widow of the late
: William Murdoch of • Pi -mv Nova Scotia, a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged 75 years.
: _S__PFrtends and acquaintances- are respect-
fu y Invited 10 attend tne funeral THIS 'AY
(Saturday), at -.'o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her sou-i. .-law. -.bar es K. Myers, 33. Duncan
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city. January 31, 1897. Helena
C., beloved wife of David S. Murray, a native of
Irelaud, aged -3 years. ' •
C. O. F.— lvanhoe Circle No. 125, C. O. F.: Yon
are hereby notified of the death ■ of our dear
companion, Mrs. Lena Murray. 202 v. seventh
street. JOSIE IRVIN, C. C
Minnie Sheldon-, F. 8.
NEWMAN— In this city, January 20, 1897,
Hannah, beloved' wife of Abraham Newman
and mother of Isidor. Nat Inn. Alfred and
Samuel Newman, Mrs. Simon Wolf, sirs.
Pauline Nathan, Mrs. B Bearwald and Jennie
Newman, and sister of -erson and Mori; 7.
Schwartz, of Germany. Mrs. Augusta lux cf
Nev York and Am. C. Weinberg, a native of
Kempen. Germany, aged 63 years. . tsavr . Yori
papers please eopy.J
fl.— "Friends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend .he funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock a. m„ from her late
resiaence, 1727 Post >ireet. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock a. v.
OWEN— in this cltr. January 21. 1897. (1. W.
Owen late of sunol, Alame.la county, brother
of Mrs. O. B. Morgan and H. J. Owen.
* a3"The funeral will take niace TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. at.," from the par-
lors of Halsted A Co.. 946 . Mission s:r.*e;.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. . "-
RASML'Ss— In this city. January 21. 1897, Otto
Rasmuss, a native of Hamburg,' Germany, aged
• 40 years. * ■""-'"
JtST" Friends and acqnaintances are I respect-
fully invite! toattend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock p. If., from the
residence of Mr. John Moffitt. 1505 Dolores
street, between- Twenty-eighth and Twenty-
ninth. Interment I. O. O. F. c'eme.erv.
ROPER— In this city, January 22. 1897, Marr
Almlre, beloved daughierof Albert and Norah
. Roper, a native or baa Francisco, a_ed 6 months
and 20 days. t
SANCHEZ— In thiscitv. January 19 1837. An-
tonio Sancnez, a native of Mexico, aged 58
years.
SCH-VAB— In Oakland, Janu.irv 21.1897. Mar-
• garethe Schwab, a native of Germany, aged 7 J
years.
BMADEKE— tn this city. January 20. 1897. Wil-
Ham, beloved husband of the late Johanna
.Smadeke, father -of Charles Alice and Ida
Smadeke, and stepfather of John K. Brunings
i and Mrs. J. SmadeKe, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 54 years 9 months and 2 days. A
m-n"ber of San Francisco Sehue.An Verein,
Hannoveraner Verein, .oncordia Lodge No. 122,
1. o. O. i., and .Far We-t Lodge No. 2324, K.
'Of H. ' ' '•*■ • " ; ■ ' ' ' •
*_""■ Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully invited to attend t.e funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. St., from California
Hall, 6.0 Bush street, bet-- Sio.kton and
Powell. Remains at the parlors of H. P. Suhr
--Co.. 1209 Mission streat. interment i. O. UP.
■•' :. Cemetery. inyHw UMIWMf '''Mi'HII > H.it1 1 T"<M
TIERNAN— In this city, January 21, 1897. Mar-
'• garet, beloved wife -of Michael Tiernan. and
mother of Michael, Peter, * Nellie and Maggie
Tiernan. a naiive of Ireland, aged 55 years.
Friends and acouaintauces are respect-
fully Invited' to attenl the funeral MONDAY.
January 25. at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 340 'thirtieth street, near. Sanchtz,
thence to St. Paul's ' Church, where a solemn
requiem mass wiil be celebrate! for the repose of
her soul, commencing a; 0 o'cloci a.m. Inter-
ment Holy Cro.s Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city. January 21, 1897, William
T.. eldest and beloved sou of Wil. lam J. and
Salle A. Wuiie. and grandsoaor Mrs. Hannah
Traverse, a nativ- of Saa Francisco , aged 3 year.
11 months and 2 days. ■ . -,r <■ ;.
■ SS" Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
full v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. St . from the residence
of the parents, 981% Harrison street, near
Sixth, interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. *
WILLIAMS— In San- Rafael, January 3d, 1897.
Luoy NelL wife of Captain : W. W. Williams. U.
S. N., and daughierof Mr. and Sirs, R. E. Neil..
Friends are renectfullv Invitei -o attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Saturday), at
11 o'clock a. __, at the . residence of her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Rooert E. NeiL Interment pri-
vate. 3~9prapHMSEß^__-B9OBMSBM__|
WiLHELMI— Alameda, January 31, 1897.
. onrad. beiov-d son of wine and the lute Con-
tad Wllhelml. a nativ ■■ of California, ; aged 29
years 10. u»u ..is ant i9days.
.. <_TT_e funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 11. o'clock a. St., from: hi. lata
reside cc, 1128 College avenue, interment
'; Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. » ,
' McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
. FONKRAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALM
> BO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
v .; „ . Telephone 8080. "'
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmtmammmammm
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN . MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMK.
tery in the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sens* ex*
elusive ; location unexcelled. Office sai MUM
ajutcam touu-eaat corner o< sum.
1314
THE SPECTER OF THEFT IN
THE HOSPITAL FUND LOOT
Money Wantonly Squandered and Wasted in the
Payment of Bills for Work Not
Performed.
A REGULAR TAX-EATING
BANQUET.
Ugly Alterations and Erasures
in the Records of the
Timekeeper.
A CARPET DEAL THAT IS A
MYSTERY.
Bills for Repairs Were Improperly
Paid Out of General Supply
Resources.
Behind the revelations of the manner in
which the City and County Hospital was
managed during the past year stalks the
specter of theft.
Money has been ruthlessly squandered
and willfully wasted. In the auditing and
payment of bills there has been a negli
gence that is almost criminal. Funds
have been paid for work that was never
performed. The actual repairs accom
plished, in which the appropriation of
$10,000 made in the last tax levy was eaten
up, are visible only to the practiced eye.
As far as the institution is concerned as a
whole it has not been benefited to the ex
tent of one-fifth of that amount.
There are only surface indications yet.
The deeper goes the inquiry instituted by
the Board of Health the uglier . becomes
the condition of affairs. When the limit
of the loot of the regular appropriation
for repairs had been reached, the general
funds of the hospital were used to pay
"kited" bills. Supplies were purchased at
almost double tneir market value. There
are overcharges for labor and carpenter
work of which no record can be found in
the hospital timekeeper's book. Men
were paid $3 a day as common laborers.
In short, everywhere there is evidence of
deliberate and wanton plundering.
The greater portion of the $10,000 appro
priation was paid out on accounts for
plumbing, carpenter work and ca]ci min
ing. James J. Flynn was paid just $1275
for calcimining the thirteen wards in the
hospital, with annexes in the way of ope
rating rooms, corridors and closets; at
least that is what Flynn put in his bills
for. The facts as they exist savor closely
of receiving money under false pretenses.
Setting aside the quality of the work,
which beggars terms of poverty, Flynn
was paid for much work that he did not
do at all. The investigations of Expert
M. D. Grilfin, and th^y can be corrobo
rated by any casual observer, show this
state of affairs.
In ward A no calcimining was put in
the closets. In ward B the pantry and
office were overlooked. In ward C the
pantry, office and bathroom were forgot
ten. In ward D the pantry, office, closet
and bathroom never saw a brush. In
ward £ the same annexes were neglected.
The office, nursery and two anterooms in
ward F were paid for, but not calcimined.
In wards G, H, I, J, X, L, M, N Flynn
falsely charged for repairing the walls of
the offices, pantries, bathrooms, sinkrooms
and closets. Ward N leads the list, for
although the bill was allowed and paid no
work of any kind was done on its walls.
Ward O winds up the list with false
charges for the pantry, operating-room,
sinkroom, bathroom and closets. Over
looking the fact that a great portion of
the work was not done at all, Flynn was
paid at the rate of $98 a ward, while Dr.
Titus during his incumbency had similar
work done for $16 a ward.
The work actually done by Flynn is dis
graceful. The calcimine, although barely
a month old, is falling from the walls in
big flakes. It can be obliterated by simply
rubbing the finger over it on any of the
walls, and the hospital people say that
they would forgive Flynn for his over
charges and call the account square if he
would undo the work already done.
There is another Flynn on the list of
those who sat down at the tax-eating
banquet. His first name is Timothy, a
contractor according to his billheads, and
he was paid $265 for lathing and plaster
ing just 4J_ square yards of walls, which is
a little over $6 per square foot. But as far
as anybody about the hospital is con
cerned, there was no occasion for Flynn to
do any lathing at all, so this item is prob
ably inserted in the bill to add weight to
it, "o to speak.
The bill of W. D. Habro for plumbing
the building aggregated $3232 45, but of
this sum $142 was taken from the general
hospital resources, the remainder being
NEW TO-DAT.
■
t %»^'%-^^»>V^ t »^^*V > V%^%^-V%-%^% < %^%^
I ROYAL
$ The absolutely pure J
j BAKING POWDER j
t ROYAL — the most celebrated of all _
4 ' the baking powders in the world — eel- X
_ ebrated for its great M___Z3B ni m . \
9 <> _>5^ A =jL* ttfc, *J_l #
ff leavening strength and ISi-I-iisiS *
J purity. It, makes your 5
j cakes, biscuit, bread, ||^?___jn|ji 5
4) etc., healthful, it assures Vl^Sflill i
J you against alum and all 1 1, ' C|ijjMl| 1
9 forms of adulteration %||?Kh-H t
J that go with the cheap S^_^Wsiffl J
4 ROYAL RAKIRO r-OWO-R CO., MCW YORK. :~ #>. V
paid from the appropriation for repairs.
Why the account was divided between the
two funds the books of the hospital do not
show. It is interesting to note in this ac
count that the City was charged $4 a day
for plumbers' hire and $3 a day for
helpers. __&■__(■
George I. Drew was paid the sum of
$1566 for carpenter work, tbe charges for
carpenters being $4 ami for foreman $4 50
a day. A son oi George Robinson, the late
steward of the hospital, kept the time for
] this work. ' Drew was allowed in his bill
j 32J_ carpenter days and 29 days for fore
• man, while young Robinson's books
j show that the actual number of
j days of carpenter work was 310 and
|of foreman 20. This overcharge cost
i the City $84 50. Robinson's timebook
shows frequent erasures and alterations,
although it subtracts from Drew's totals.
Moreover, the timebook has records of
work done on December 19 and 21,
although Drew's account shows that he
closed his work on December 18. No bills
i as yet have been discovered for the extra
j work. Other charges for carpenter work
i have been discovered, bringing the amount
i of money unlawfully paid out up to $128.
The bills of J. J. Mulcreavy show more
I discrepancies as they are more carefully
examined. Mulcreavy was paid $195 20
for concreting the" floors of two ba:h and
two sink rooms and of two closets. Each of
these apartments is 12 feet square. Allow
ing the charge of 18 8-10 cents a square
\ foot, which Mulcreavy charges, he was
I entitled to pay for but 576 square feet, or
1 $108 24, showing an overcharge in this bill
alone of $86 96. In all Mulcreavy received
$480 by means oi kited bills and false
measurements, and his adeptuess in
i figures just cost the City an overcharge of
| $211 79. All which goes to show that
| there is hope even for a humble concrete
i contractor of achieving fame and riches.
A very interesting item that was paid
from the general hospital fund on October
19 is the sura ot $102 60 for carpets pur
chased from James Duffy. The items in
clude 77 yards of body Brussels carpet at
! $1 25 per yard and 85 yards of lining at 7J_
cents a yard. This bill was audited by
Steward Robinson and Superintendent
Stahle on December 1 and paid from the
j City treasury on December 28, but no
I man, woman or child about the hospital
knows anything of that Brussels carpet.
i Moreover Duffy has refused to tell the ex-
I perts of the Board of Health to whom he
I delivered the goods.
Before Dr. Stahle resigned his position
application to take ten barrels of alcohol
j from bond was made to Washington. The
j permit arrived a few days ago and the
hospital druggist called for the goods at
I the warehouses of P. N. Lilientbal & Co.
i Alcohol can be purchased in the open
! market at .5 cents per gallon, 188 proof.
! In this instance the order had been given
I at 40 cents per gallon, 100 proof. " The
I goods were refused by the Board of
j Health, as its members considered the
| City was being overcharged $465 on the
i order.
The general appropriation for repairs
has already been overdrawn $927 25. The
money was divided among these people:
L. J. Dwyer, whitewashing the kitchen,
$30; Delano Bros., garbage tanks, $72;
J. J. Flynn, calcimining, $1275; J. Mul
creavy, concrete, $9-15 20; Gallagher Bros.,
repairing sewers, $12; George 1. Drew,
carpenter work, $1566; Georee T. Cameron,
hardware, $98 23; Swiit & Co., lumber,
$997 74; California Electrical Works, $3 98;
£. Alexander, sewer repairs, $920 65: W. D.
Hobro, plumbing, $3150 45; Paul Seiler
Electrical Works, $173; John T. Burns,
carpenter work, $91; Peter Glaser, car
penter work, $75; H. L. Layng Machine
Works, new engine, $988 50; P. F. Clere,
repairs on washing-macnine drum. $126 20;
Timothy Flynn, lathing and plastering,
$265; Le Count Bros., books, $14 70, total
$10,927 25.
All of these bills were certified as correct
by Superintendent Stahle and Steward
George Robinson, and passed by the hos
pital committee of tne last Board of Super
visors of which Joe King was chairman.
•Robinson's accounts for December still re
main unclosed, although he has been re
peatedly requested by the Board of Health
to balance mem up. Until Robinson does
this the work of Expert Griffin of the
Board of Health will he more or less re
tarded. Who is responsible for the hos
pital loot is a question the Grand Jury
will be called upon to decide as soon as
the present investigation is completed.
'Ihis "Week** Wa-.p.
In its middle-page cartoon this week the
Wasp graphically pictures a medical quack—
the type of one of San Francisco's most glaring
evils as a repulsive spider waiting for -its pa
tients, who, in the form of flies, are being
enticed to his we.. On the front page is an
amusing domestic scene, incident to the old
maid's diary. Miss Twiggs expatiating upon
tbe athletic tendencies of the age among
women, 'the • Mulrooney correspondence, is
continued, probably to the discomfiture of cer
tain local politicians, who are referred to in a
mannernot very complimentary. The number
is embellished witb some half- ones of notable
people just now in the public eye.
Valuable Diamonds of an Insane Woman.
Mrs. Annie Harkins, whose address was re
corded as 173 Montgomery street, was ad
judged insane by Judge Belcher yesterday. It
was ascertained that she Is the possessor of
$3000 worth of diamonds that are said to be
deposited with Wells, Fargo & Co.'s bank.
_ _"•■*■■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1897.
Professor Jordan, Rev. Mr. Wendte, Professor Gay ley and Thomas Magee, Who Are to Give Some
Interesting Illustrated Thursday Lectures at Golden Gate Hall to Assist the Ladles
of the Mercantile Library Auxiliary to Raise Funds to Buy More New Books.
SPECIAL TALKS
BY SPECIAL MEN
Jordan, Wendte, Gayley
and Magee to Be En
tertainers.
Thursday • Night Lectures to
Raise Funds to Furchase
Books.
Ladies of the Mercantile Library
Auxiliary Are in Charge of
the Affair.
m
Professor David Starr Jordan, president
of Stanford University and president of
the Academy of Sciences; Rev. Charles
W. Wendte, pastor of the Oakland Uni
tarian church; Professor Charles Mills
Gayley, head of the English department
of the University of California; and
Thomas Magee, a well-known business
man of this City, are the drawing-cards
for a course of three popular lectures,
to be given " in ("olden Gate Hall,
Thursday nights, by the ladies of the Mer
cantile Library Auxiliary, for the purpose
of raising library funds, some of which
shall be used to buy new books.
The first entertainment will be given
next Thursday evening, when Dr. Jordan
will describe, in an easy, picturesque way,
"The Fur Seal or Seal Bear of Alaska," a
subject of which he made a special study
only a few months since during a pro
longed visit in the Bering Sea, as head of
the international sealing investigation.
His lecture will be illustrated by fifty
stereopticon views. He will talk not only
of seal life on the great breeding grounds,
but of Alaska, its extent, its discovery, its
exploration and its purchase, of the de
struction of the valuable seal herds and of
the international reforms now deemed
necessary to preserve the lur- bearing ani
mals. . >" ,-
That will be the first lecture. But the
others promise to be equally as interest
ing while being out of the ordinary run.
The second lecture will be given on the
following Thursday, February 4. lt will
be illustrated by 100 stereopticon views of
quaint and picturesque Holland, with its
peculiar windmills, its dykes, its gabled
houses and its"distinct types of character.
Rev. Charles W. Wendte will describe the
scenes, and will tell interesting little
things about the different subjects illus
trated. And with it all he will talk of
Holland, her people, h«r peculiarities and
her architecture and art.
The last evening's entertainment of the
series will be on February 11. It will be a
symposium on Shakespeare from the
point of view of a university professor of
English literature and from the point of
view of a business roan of common-school
education. Professor Gayley and Thomas
Magee will be the speakers.
For three years now the ladies of the
auxiliary have been giving entertain
ments to raise funds to increase the use
fulness and popularity of the big Mercan
tile Library. on the corner of Golden Gate
and Van Ness avenues, and they have
been successful, not alone in the money
actually raised by such means, but by the
influence they have exerted in encourag
ing large gifts from benevolent persona of
wealth. During the lirst year the aux
iliary raised over $800 by entertainments;
the second year $600, and last year $550,
making a total of about $2000 in cash.
The officers of the auxiliary are:
President, Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton; first
vice-piesident, Mrs. Henry Gibbons; second
vice-president, ' Mrs. Mary Frag; third vice
president, Mrs. Lovell White; fourth vice
president, Mrs. Ferdinand V assault; recording
secretary, Mrs. Robert Collier; corresponding
secretary, Miss Isabel Lowry; treasurer, Mrs.
Thurlow McMullen; associate directors— Miss
Seraple, Mrs. Montgomery Godley, Mrs. Thomas
Woodward. Mrs. Edward May, Mr.. George J.
-tucknall, Mrs. Eva. M. Cook.
IN THE CAUSE OF LABOR,
The Central Council Takes
Action Upon the Sea
* men's Bills.
Is Regular E ect.ou Wi:i Bo Held
Next Friday Evening—Reso
lutions D sivcw.'d.
The San Francisco Labor Council held
its regular meeting last evening at 1150
Mission street and H. Collins of the Iron
molders' and Frank Johnson of the Sailors'
unions were seated as delegates. The re
port was made that the riveters' strike on
the Ciaus Spreekels building hud been
settled, the men going back to work, with
out much loss of time, at an advance in
tbeir wages. -'
The following were nominated to hold
office during the ensuing term, the elec
tion to be held next Friday evening:
For president, J. Hill; vice-president, C. E.
Hawkes; .secretary, Ed Rosenberg; financial
secretary, J. Walters; -treasurer! Charles Bat
terman; sergeant-at-arms, S. Smith; executive
committee— C. Finnerty, C. . E. Hawkes, W. C.
Ackerman, A. Dljian. ' T. Hurd, J. Wallers and
W. Macarthy; law and - legislation commit
tee— W. Macarthy, M. Davis, C. E. Hawkes, J.
Hill and H. Collins; organizing committee— J.
Hill, C. Eatterman, S. _mith. W. C. Ackerman
and C. Shuppert; trustees— A. Hern, D. G.
Poole and R. Llndhar. . '...J .'. .-;' ,:K'V,
The council passed a resolution intro
duced by D. G. Poole relating to the mass
meeting held in the Turk-street Temple
on the 17th inst. It ; recited that at that
meeting resolutions were passed unfavor
able to The Call for The Call's alleged
opposition to the Labor Bureau bill, and
that the impression exists that the council
was responsible l for the resolution. In
Mr. Poole's resolution itis asserted "That
the San Francisco Labor Council disavows,
any connection with the body passing said
resolution, and denies that there is any
controversy betweon the Labor Council
and the San Francisco Call."
Secretary Rosenberg offered a resolution
relative to the bills affecting seamen now
before Congress. Similar resolutions have
been passed by every trades union in the
United States located in a seaport town.
The resolution is self-explanatory:
Whereas, Section 1 of the thirteenth amend
ment of the constitution reads, "Neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as punishment lor crime whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted,
shall exist within the United States,
or nny place subject to their jurisdiction" ;
and whereas seamen in our foreign merchant
marine trade are subject to Imprisonment for
quitting work in an American port, subject to
corporal punishment for alleged misde
meanors, and permitted and by combination
of vessel-owners and crimps are compelled to
sign away about one-half of their wages as a
perquisite for obtaining employment; and
whereas, these laws deprive American seamen
of their rights of citizenship and place them
on the level of serf labor; and whereas, all
other maritime nations have repealed these
antiquated and barbarous laws, be it
Resolved, That the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil express its severest condemnatlou of the
bills offered as substitutes in the Senate to
H. R. bills 26.3 and 6399, which gave relief
to seamen and were passed at the last session
by the House of Representatives, because said
substitutes continue the system ot corporal
punishment and legalize involuntary servi
tude; and also • ,-.:.:■_■. .',.
Resolved, That we demand that seamen's
wages shall be secured to the sailor or his
family, to the end that his wages and his life,
of such immense importance to the Nation, be
protected; and
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
furnished to Senators Terkins and White, and
their influence requested in the seamen's be
half.
Resolved, further. That the Senators of this
State be requested to read these resolutions in
opeu session of the Senate.
THE WATCH FOR BUTLER
Detective McHattie'.. New Parrot I
1 5 Oa to Its Master's
Job.
Polly Tried to Interview a Carrier-
Pigeon From the Farallon^s
•' lor N.'W*.
Notwithstanding there are five New
castle ships out a longer period from that
port than the Swanhilda, the alarmists on
the wharf are wondering if Butler will at
tempt in some manner to delay her com
ing. The man who hit upon the ingenious
plan of advertising for victims, whom he
carried away into the wild Australian
mountains and butchered at bis leisure,
would not let a little thing like a four
masted clipper ship bring him into the
handcuff*- ol the waiting detectives.
He certainly knows by the signal of the
Union steamer Taupo made to the Swan
hilda in midocean that something of in
terest to himself was in the wind. While
his conscience may not be troubling him
to any great extent, he undoubtedly feels
that the Sydney police are probing around
his private cemeteries in the hills, and
steamships and telegraphic cables are
speedy and sure.
So the question arises, like an uneasy
ghost from or.c of his graves in the far
away Australian bush, "What Is Butler,
tbe man with tbe post-mortem aliases,
doing to the Swanhilda?" The consignees
of the Swanhilda count her due on the 2Sth
of this month, which will give her sixty
five days, ample time in which to make
the run. She is a nimble sailer in light
airs and can pick up her heels in a topsail
breeze like a seagull; consequently, it' she
is afloat nothing but a continuation of
dead calms could have kept her away
from this port.
This unusual state of affairs may never
take place, as the British ship Morialta,
another ocean grayhound, from Newcastle
hence, is now out seventy-eight days.
But justice is not particularly interested
in that craft and the detective watch is
wondering quietly where the Swanhilda
is at.
Detective McHattie has a parrot at the
Meiggs police stationjjwblch is keenly
alive to the business ot his master from
the point of his hooked bill to the tip of
his every green feather.
The bird has heard the constant ques
tion of "Where is the Swanbilda? 'from
every visitor to the wharf till it is "on" to
the full details of McHattie's job. Now
when a lounger comes into the station
Polly anticipates him with its eloquent
"Where-is-the-Swanhilda?" Officer Fer
guson states upon his honor that Polly
reads the Shipping Guide carefully every
morning and count* on its toes the days
if has predicted will elapse before the ship
comes in.
Yesterday a carrier pigeon was brought
in and the parrot tried to interview the
feathered messenger regarding the news
from the Farallones.
Polly is so much the "wart-a-cracker"
kind of bird that it eats its apportionment
of hardtack before the regular breakfast
hour, and Sergeant Bonner, wbo is also a
Federal officer, says he will put the parrot
on a close allowance of Government ra
tions. It has developed such an appetite
for tea that Defective Egan keeps the
caddy steaming all the time.
The pigeons that have been sent out by
Miss Daisy Doud from the island have a
hard time running the gauntlet of the
fish hawks that lie in wait for them.
Yesterday two birds were turned loose,
and after making a brave start for the
Golden Gate were chased by their fierce
enemies. The hawks drive the poor help
less homers, that have no chance in life
except in their faithful wings, down near
the water, where the carriers lose their
bearings, become bewildered and fall into
the sea. One of the two pigeons was seen
with a glass to escape its pursuer, but the
other was driven back to the island and
was so frightened that it could not be per
suaded to take another flight. "■'_ '■\i?jjj : jy?;:i\
No Cheap Criticism
In to-day's News Letter— or any other
day's. The best authority for the best
people.
Fell Overboard.
: A sailor named Martin Blair, while enjoying
the effects of two much liquor, walked off the
Cay-street wharf last night about 8 o'clock.'
He was fished out by a special policeman and
conveyed to the Receiving Hospital. He* was
not seriously injured. .
Briefs and transcripts , printed ' reasonably ;
rapid and reliable. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. *
■: Crocodiles lay on an average ninety eggs
in a season. .
Jkwki.rv Btore. 5 to 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street. ": /'-. ; = ';, - - ■'-': -'- J]
BURGLARY AND
ALMOST MURDER
Antone Rangel Has a Des
perate Struggle With
a Thug.
He Identified His Assailant by
the Scarcity of His
Hair.
John Drachbar, a Neighbor of Some
Repute, Arrested tn Two
Serious Charges.
Antone Rangel, a man well past middle
age, who keeps a produce and poultry
store at the corner of Mission and Thir
tieth streets, had adesperate stru-gle with
a determined burglar yesterday morning,
and a badly lacerated scalp shows what a
narrow escape the old man had for his
j life..
According to the story told by Rangel
; he was awakened about 3 o'clock in the
j morning by a noise in his store, in the
! rear of which he resides. He at once arose
to investigate, and on entering the store
was confronted by a man of formidable
proportions. SH^SH
Before Rangel had time to fully appre
ciate the situation he was dealt two or
three heavy blows on the head with a hard
substance, wnich afterward proved to be
concrete. The blows, although sufficiently
vicious to lay open the scalp, dii not ren
der the assaulted man unconscious, and,
with the instinct of self-preservation, he
j grappled with the intruder. The latter
dropped his weapon as the old man closed
in on him and a hand-to-hand struggle in
the dark ensued.
In the scrimmage Rangel reached for
his assailant's hair. ' There was not enough
hair on the man'* 1 head to furnish a hold.
Rangel remembered this fact, and it was
one of the chief clews that led to the arrest
of the man now held for the crime.
Just what frightened the burglar from
tie struggle, which must have resulted in
his favor, is not known. Probably he
feared tne dim light which found its way
through the frontdoor, by which he had
effected an entrance. At any rate, he left
hurriedly, and left a hat behind. I:..,JJ_,
Officer Heaphey, who patrols the beat in
that neighborhood, was notified, and from
the description which Range! gave he at
once suspected a bricklayer by the name
of John Drachbar. The latter resides
within a block of the burglary and as
sault, and the police say that he bears an
unenviable reputation in the neighbor
hood. He is a hard drinker and some
time ago he served a term for chicken
stealing. He bad done business with
Rangel and was well acquainted with the
premises.
Drachbar, when confronted by the of
ficer, denied all knowledge of the crime.
He declared that he was sleeping at home
all night and offered' to prove this by
Frank Barras, in the rear of whose saloon
he lodges.
The hat which Rangel's assailant left
behind exactly fitted the suspected man.
Moreover, Rangel positively identified
him. He had had some dealing with
Drachbar and so knew him by sight.
Drachbar, althoueh a young man, is
nearly bald. Charges of burglary and of
assault to murder were placed against
Drachbar.
Ra.igel's wounds are not dangerous, al
though the heavy concrete made ugly
gashes in his scalp, which necessitated
the attentions of a physician. He arrived
on the scene in time to prevent the burg
lar from obtaining anything.
At the City Prison last night Drachbar
said the officers were trying to railroad
him to San Quentin. Officer Heaphey, he
declared, "had it in for him" because he
bad arrested him for stealing chickens
and the charge had been reduced to petty
larceny. ____________________
LEFT IN DESTITUTION.
Frank Lampach Stricken Down
and His Family in
Want. ,
The Case Reported to the Police— lt
Will Be Referred to the Asso
ciated C arities.
A pitiful case of suffering and destitu
tion was reported to Lieutenant Hanna of
the Southern Police station last evening.
Fred Lampach, his wife and four children
of tender years are the unfortunates.
They live in a homely but clean little
cottage in tbe rear of 152 Clara street and
within a few days, if fortune does not in
the meantime beckon to them, tbey will
be forced to move, as they have no money
with which to renew their rent.
Mr. Lampach has been for several
months dependent on his ability as a
street-sweeper for a livelihood for himself
and family. -A few days i ago he was
stricken down by sickness, and one by one
his babies contracted severe colds that lelt
them helpless and dependent on their
mother's care. The meager income of the.
father as a street-sweeper stopped alto
gether and the family was left penniless.
Last evening a stranger was informed as
to the condition of the Lampach family
and he reported the case to the police.
After a thorough investigation it was de
cided that the family was a deserving one.
There was not a morsel of food in the
house, and as it was too late to call the at
tention of any charitable institution to the
matter, Lieutenant Hanna attended to
the case and the family was supplied with
food and necessaries. *
To-day , the case * will : be '. placed before
the Associated Charities, « and without
doubt the family* sufferings will be re
lieved.
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
•»-Sl-8--tBS---a-B-ISB---i-l-8--|g»3lt irrrKHHH|
©0° ■ K#^r_pJ?V "An ad from Male's on Saturday! -g* 3
t" I'Ar.iHffiii WELL ! £j-
•'An ad from Hale's on Saturday! 2°
Guess I'll see what's up. They are g^
000 Wi-mW ** _w# the people who close every night at oOc
°Q° all^^St 6. What ! Such specials in the day- ©Of
°iv fme— and all day, too I Mow can 3C
_$o they do it ? No wonder they are -oflo
Sio fii&ry® Frisco's Busiest Store." £&**
I ■: 44* To-Day anIAJTDay Long! i
fSPS"filfil ( 28-inch Flannelettes, in ) A-t\.f* 95
oft** OrtUIHL ) nt a nd medium colors. All >. "fOv 4°
3£ MO S ( day to-day at ) YARD ofio
000 fill Qfl 1 \' - ___-_■ AlvL' 0
"JC, ■■*#■ a o,\-
S SPECIAL ( Witch Hazel and Butter- )
°0o w -.?1 V V? < milk Soap, 3 cakes in a box. . > +0 3C
g NO. II ( All day to-day at... ) *° X %
§£ SPECIAL ( F an c y Mesh Veiling, 14 ) #% C S
ofio "-"*'■.- <_ inches wide, in brown, tan or > a%O ** 3G
¥ NO. 11l ( "^ T °' dayat - ) YARD "¥
_5u £>n__!AIIII ( Handkerchiefs, Swiss em- % ■■■ I 3C
3S L_rLUIMI \ broidered, fancy scalloped. / # __LIT cAo
-oS «.-_. _._ i the 10c and 12>_c ones. All } J 0*" ofc
i NO. IV I dayt °" dayat •-••••- ) EACH $
ofc AnPAIII ( Nainsook and Swiss Em- \ _f" ri _«__. ""y"""
°^_! Or I- ill ML > broidery Edging, 3 and 4 in. > *^C Sfe
_fe -.TL .- \ wide; also Cambric Edging, > •J**' SS
3S un U f reguiar 7 >=° kind. Ali day V v . Dn *
So RU. ¥ to-day at ' YARD SC
3^° OnEftlAi ■•' Fancy Mixed Suiting, a 40c \ tO-\\ 435. I 5G
c< >° aSr _f_njil_-l L \ all-wool fabric, 37 inches I m M M ' C _S_
Sfe VrbU „f_ j wide, tobe sold ail day to- > A___l_>^ ?fe
± NO. VI ( da - V - staple colors. Price -- ) YARD±
± liy. ¥8 YARD g
_$_ CDC^IpAI i' Four-button Kid Gloves, > __^> jCfe. ofio
000 i_rElblMV > also H-button length Biarritz. / 6»"kS_r_r^ c^
&)° W A __.---- '. An odd lot, to be sold all day > 03^ H^
I NO. VII '( to - dayal i PA.R.g
SS A DAYLIGHT SALE FOR PEOPLE WHO APPRECIATE IT. ofco
1 C^Ci/t^^/a I
Ik / frtf€ORPOF-VTED] $
$ 937-945 Market Street, 2£
Sio SAN i- K.ANCI-CO. f-fto
■ . - - • -~~~~^ ■****r*— *T**^^T mmm^ m '
:7^___^2 >2, J£_3___^\^"s'
The lion of strength and vigor sometimes becomes entangled and held in
the net of disease. The fable has it that once a little mouse released a
lion from the toils that bound him.
RIPANS Tabules
are simple little things, but they possess the peculiar qualities , that wiU
serve to release every unfortunate from any thrall of knots and threads
of disease that was ever created by a disordered stomach, a disarranged
digestive apparatus, or a sluggish liver. Ripans Tabules
i
ARE AN INSURANCE POLICY AGAINST SICKNESS,
and can be carried in the pocket or portemonnaie. One Ripans Tabula
taken after each meal will set a dyspeptic free from the entangling meshes
of disease ; because nearly every ailment is a direct result of a disordered
digestion, and Ripans Tabules overcomo the cause and cure the disorder.
fl IJ I any quantity
I■_H a _T m a 9 I t!e *' ire ' J ; also
if I I _LU other Hne deli "
cacies ready for
the table. Stop and supply your wants
from day to day. We are waiting for you,
and will be disappointed if you do not
call also.
Pressed Tongue, sliced.
Game Pate, sliced.
Bimed Chicken.
Chicken Liv.r Pate.
Boiled Ham, sliced.
vi Cooked Corn Beef, sliced.
Freshest Eggs 25c, Best Butter, Califor-
nia or Eastern Cream Cheese, Swiss, Pine-
apple, Whipped Cream and other fine
Cheese— of tne best that is made. Sample
our Cooking and our Coffee made at the
demonstration counter for trial free.
Oil ITU' C Cash ■*■-■«•.
Off! I IH 0 Store, s, F r «' y .
— . ,
OO^KH-VO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-
-AN EXCELLENT
Tl 71" 1 -"* AT Properly prepared and
JVJCiYA _•_. promptly served, can
**■*•*■ mm-mmm-al alwuys be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidediv the T"> AT A _•* * I '*
Most Popular MA I A f H
Dining Apart- * Xj_JL_rAXV-M d
ment in town. b*_____________^_b_____^____________i
0-00-0-0-0-o<>o<KK><>
PChl-hester's EnsUsh Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-tfjTX. " Original sad Only Gennlae. A.
S^itTtiSSk. Bart, p»lws_« reliable. _»oiea mj. /""A
fiJxir*&§. Dragjlit ror C\lc)ic-tcr* j-»oin*p "*''- £f_A
*■■*%*_ '^JfPEX Brand la Ked an- c- M meUllioVWg)'
"J^ — OttfflhoiM. aepalad wlihMue ribbon. Take VV
TH •*_ w4»|*"o other. Rtfiutdangtro-iutubttitff "V
1/ nf tions and imitation,. At Dr-U*i-t(. or lend _«,
I* ___m la . tt_— ip# for pnriic^lftra, '<•«_--_ I_U and
V *"*» B. «' Relief fbr Ladle*." in l*"*""". by retain
tp-V '■ J_f MalL 10,000 T. itlmonUli. Kama Paptr.
. ,>T*/;OI»lA M t«»Che»lcalOo.,__BdlM.n __>.■«,
Ui* Wall Laud Dr pi..i,:.. ;*___>_.->-. J»o»
NEW WESTERN.' HOTEL,
KEARNY . AND WASHINGTON _ST3._REi.
modeled ami renovated. KINO, WAHD4CO,
European plan. Kooms 50c to 91 50 per day, $ J
to $_ per weelc |U to $.<■' per montli . tree Wths:
hot and cold water every room;, tire urate* i-t
every room: elevator ruu. all night.
0 3 EWEVACO._#gav
>ATENTSI J
T*fi^22Q MARKET aT.SJ^fi^
SOTICE ISYITHG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP
theCi.y of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the Issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of san Jose," etc,
passed on the 21st day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of December, 1893,
ordained that there should be Issued by said city
of ban Jose six hundred high .school building
bonds, of the denomination of $120 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 9100
each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at the
rate of - V_ per cent per annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorised ,
»nd directed the City Clerk of said city to give >
notice Inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San .
Jose Intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid, -
and that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City Clerk, at the City Halt In San
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'c'.ocic
p. St.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common council shall duly convene, said bid*
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1. 1897, and the Interest thereon tobe
paid semi-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable In gold coin or
lawful money of the United States.
said huh school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided Into forty series, num-
bered consecutively from one to iorty, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of flfteea bond-;
the first series is to Include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to Include the fifteen
bunds numbered consecutively after those' in-
cluded ln the next preceding series
• Said sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both Inclusive,
and b- divided' Into forty series numbered con-
secutively from one to forty, both Inclusive, each
i series consisting of ten bonds; the first series Is to
Include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding
series Is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those Included In* the next pre-
ceding series. .
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first day of June, 1-98. and one of the re-
maining series Is to be made payable o.i the first
day ot June in each succeeding ca endar ' year
thereat, er. until and including the year 1937.
Si. id bonds are to be made payable to th* order of
the purchaser or payee byname, and to each ot
said bonds there is to be attached Interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of years
whicu such bond has to run before its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offeied, the descrip-
tion of the bond* desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor Of said City, for at
least ten per cent of tbe amount bid, said chec. to
be returned to bidder ln case the bid Is not ac-
i cepted. " The purchase money for said bonus shall
be paid in gold .coin of the untied -tites within
ninety days after notic- of acceptance. ■ The right-*'
to accept any or all bids and to rej .-ct any or all
bids, or portions of bids, Is hereby expressly re-
served. January 2d, im.. W. °° ' City Clerk.
J;aied January 2.1, 1807.
NOTARY PUBLIC
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNET-Alb
Law and Notary Public, 638 Maricet St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. HesldaaM imms
Wail street. . Telephone - **_m » MM. *