I
VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. IR9.
GREEKS FACE
AN ASSAULT
ON DHOMOKO
Furious Fighting Renewed
by the Armies of the
King and Sultan.
POWERS UNABLE TO CHECK THE
HOSTILITIES.
Unless an Armistice Is Soon Secured Some
thing Serious Will Happen in Athens,
as There Are Rumors of Assas
sination and Revolt.
[Copyrighted. 1887, by the New Yorit Sun.]
LONDON', En*g., May 17.— The powers
are fast making the worst possible mud
dle of their miss on of mediation between
Greece and Turkey. They are directly
responsible for the last miserable collapse
of the Greek arms in Epirus.
The Greek troops in Fr day's fighting
completely retrieved their good name by
<Tlendid valor and martyr-lifce sacrifices,
worthy of any soldiers on earth. The
day's battle closed with everything in
their favor. They would have been al
most certain to have reaped the reward of
their courage the next day, but order.*
came from Athens to stop all offensive
movements. The reason for th:s was that
the powers had asserted they had inter
fered with negotiations for an armistice.
1 hoy offered to restrain the Turks if the
Greeks would keep quiet, thus gaining a
truce in fact, if not in name. It is now
known that t'te powers agreed to do what
is beyond their power to execute. The
Turks are vigorously pushing their opera
tion*, while ihe Oretti! are crippied oy
the actions of their impotent mentors.
The Sultan remains complete master of
the situation. He has rut forward claims
which Europe unanimously declares to be
ab-urd and preposterous, but this feeling
is cbaneing to dismay when it is consid
ered the Porte refuses even an armistice
until its dematidg are conceded. Active
interference by Europe is impracticable,
at least until after long consultations. In
the meantime the TurKs can take Athens.
There is material for cynical satisfaction
f6r American observers in to-day's attitude
of the impotent wrath of all the support
ers of Salisbury's policy. They display
the greatest surprise and anger because
the logical effects of their action, which
has been most obvious from the outside,
now dominate the Eastern situation.
The silly idea that the solution of the
problem wa3 the punishment of the
Greeks at the hands of the Turks has led
them into difficulties which are far more
perilous than the ante-bellum troubles.
England, however, is the only country
which has wholly overreached herself.
Russia, Germany ana Austria will settle
the problem to suit themselves when
] eadr. They will control the finances both
ni Turkey and Greece in some form and
Great Britain will have only a nominal
part in the arrangement.
BATTLE AT DHOMOKO.
Turkish Forces Assail the Greek
Stronghold, but Fall to
Capture It.
ATHENS, Greece, May 17.— Edhem
Pasha advanced upon Dhomolco with
40,000 men this moning. Later dis
patches say the fight bezau at noon and
Boon extended along the whole line of
the Greek defenses. Some 30,000 Turks
attacked both wings of the Greek army.
The assault was especially violent against
the left wing.
A report reached here this afternoon
that the Turks had captured DhomoKo,
but it has not been confirmed by later
dispatches, and is very doubtful. It is
certain, however, that a furious battle
has teen fought. The Turkish attack
was aimed to break through the Greek
lines. A part of the Turkish array ad-
Tanced as far as T'ouflian, bat the
Greek artillery compelled them to re
t-eat toward Pharsalia.
It is reported to-night that the Greek
left win>; temporarily retired toward the
center, being outnumbered three to one,
but that tho Greeks ultimately repulsea
the attacking force. General Mavromich
alis, one of the Greet commanders, was
wour.ded. The fighting ceased at 8:30
. o'clock to-night. At that time the Turks
had retreated sligbtlj from the. center
and right of the Greek position, and the
Greeks had abandoned their outpoats on
the left. .
The attack upon Dhomoko was a com
plete surprise here. The Ministers scarcely
believed the dispatches announcing that
the Turks had attacked the place. They
met at noon and continued in session un
til late to-night. There is great excite
ment in the city.
LONDON, E.\g., May 17.— A dispatch to
(be Clironicle from Athens gives the fol
The San Francisco Call
lowing official account of the battle at
D omofco:
"Hostilities began with artillery action
at noon, our big guns checking the enemy,
who were concentrating to attack our
front. The enemy neared our infantry
range at 2 o'clock, when the real battle be
gan. More than 50.000 Turks concurrently
and fiercely attacked our front on the
right and left. Our artillery and infantry
aid splendid woik. The whole of the
enemy's regiment twice stopped, wavered
and fled, but the attack was soon renewed
by fresh forces until those were also hurled
back by the stubborn resistance and
splendid vigor of our troops, and finally
the enemy gave way altogether.
"The attack on our left was led with
some vigor, but the enemy was repulsed.
We did not fare so well on the right. The
first attack was repulsed, but the enemy
concentrated an immen?p force and re
attacked us with extreme vigor. Oar first
line wavered and was broken. Our wing
would have been turned if a part of th«
Second Brigade had not been sent to re
enlorce iL The enemy had gained ground
that it was impossible at that time for us
to regain. Subsequently our right wing
had to retire a little, concentrating at
Bousi. We kept all our positions in the
center and on the left. The enemy had a
reserve of 30,000 men. Our whole force
numbered 35,000. Our losses were heavy.
The enemy must have lost thousands."
A dispatch to the Central News from
Athens affirms that the Greeks were de
feated at Dhomoko. It says after the en
trenchments at Kitikim had been success
fully atormed the whole Greek army re
tired upon the line in the Othrys Moun
tains.
WAS DHOMOKO CAPTURED?
From Vienna Comes a Report That
the Greeks Were Badly
Defeated.
LONDON, Esq., May 17.— The Daily
Telegraph's Vienna dispatch says a cor
respondent with the Turtish army re
ports Dhomcko captured, and the Greeks
badly defeated.
WARNED BY THE POWERS.
But the Sultan Fears His Subjects
More Than the European
Combine.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turret. Mny
17. — The powers have unanimously agreed
to protest against the demand of the
Porte that Thessalr be ceded to Turkey,
and also against the demand for the
abolition of capitulations in favor of
Greek subjects in Turkey.
Representatives of the powers have pre
sented to the Porte a note answering the
Turkish reply to tbe original note of the
powers requesting the cessation of hostili
ties pending negotiations. No notice was
taken in this note of the Turkish de
mands, the Embassadors merely repeat
ing the former request of a cessation of
hostilities.
LONDON, Eno., May 17.— A dispatch to
the Chronicle from Athens says diploma
tists mere have telegraphed their Govern
ments and to Constantinople pressingly
I requesting the immediate cessation of
! hostilities. itadd3 the Greek Government
declares that unless there is a cessation to
morrow extreme and desperate steps will
be taken.
The Times' Constantinople correspond
ent says representatives of tho powers
there were quite unprepared for the note
of the Porte in response to their request
for a cessation of hostilities. It was not
expected the Sultan would capitulate so
| precipitately to bellicose influences, but
I Abdul Hamid regards his personal
safety and security of the throne as less
endangered by ignorine the will of
j Europe than by resisting the wishes of an
overwhelmingly large body of his Mo
hammedan subjects on the question of
appealing to their fiercest sensibilities.
This danger was evidently brought home
to the Sultan Friday, for the German and
Russian envoys, who most closely observe
the Sultan, were astounded by the peremp
tory tone and preposterous tenor of the
note. The envoys absolutely and unani
mously warned the Porte that serious
difficulties would arise from the attitude
he has taken.
It is rumored in Vienna. Berlin and
SAN FBANCISOO, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 18, IS9T.
LANDING FUGITIVES AT CHALKIS WHO HAD FLED FROM VOLO.
Chalkis is a fortified town of some 10.0C0 people, the capital of the nomarchy of the island of Eutcea. It lies on the narrow strait, 225 feet wide, whic i joins the
two long narrow channels, Talanta and Euripos, which separate the island from the mainland. It is sixteen hours by steamer irom Volo and twelve from Athens.
this city that a plot to muider King George
has been discovered at Athens, and many
arrests of persons said to be implicated
have been made. In addition to this re
port several stories regarding revolutions
are in circulation.
FICTION ONCE MORE ECLIPSED.
Morally and Legally Released President
Bottom ley Pays \he Debts of His
Defunct Concern.
LONDON, Eng., Miy 17.— The com
mercial world has been startled by a re
markable occurrence in which Horatio
Bottomloy, for many years president of
the Hansard Union, is a central figure.
The business of the union was the pub
lication of verbatim reports of the pro
ceedings of Parliament, corresponding to
the Congressional Record of the United
States. Several years ago the union com
bined with a number of large printing
establishments; more stock and bonds
were issued than the amalgamated
concern could stand, and as a finale,
there was a crash, in which the stock
and bond owners lost hundreds of thou
sands of dollars.
The indignation cf the unfortunates
was focused in the main upon President
Bottomley, although the legal investiga
tion that followed developed the fact that
he was more of a victim tnan a wrecker.
In the few years thet have elapsed since
the crash he has managed to accumulate
a large fortune in speculation, and hav
ing traced out all of the stockholder* of
the old concern who were ruined or tan
tamount thereto by the failure, he has
placed in the hands of trustees $2,260,000,
to be divided among the stockholders in
proportion to their losses.
The action is the more noteworthy from
the fact that there existed neither legal nor
moral obligation on Bottomley's part to
meet any of the liabilities of the defunct
concern.
HI 1. 1. in «r A. FALL.
Death of Chambe-rtin, the Organi»»r of
the. Ainericnn Society in London.
LONDON', Eva., May 17.— H. B. Cham
berlin, organizer of the American Society
in London, was killed at St. Aines, Mid
dlesex, yeste day, Dy a fall from his bicy
cle. He was formerly a conspicuous
citizen of Denver, Colo. He was long re
garded as one of the richest men of that
city, but failed in business a few years
ago.
AMERICA*/* FAR AHEAD.
Hin Signal Honor* fit the International
>;.;:.': Shoe and Leather fair.
LONDON, Eng., May 17.— American ex
hibitors have won signal honors at the
fourth international shoe and leather fair
in progress at Agricultural Hall. There
are over 200 ". exhibitors, representing the
Unite.! States, South America, Australasia,
Africa. India, Continental countries and
Great Britain. It has been the general
consensus 01, opinion that the Americans
hold first place in the departments of ma
chinery and mechanical appliances, which
are the most important features of the
snow. ; _ - ■ ;
To Scale Mount St. Ella*.
ROME, Italy, May 17.— Prince Luigi of
Savoy, n nephew of King Humbert, started
for Liverpool to-day with his suite on the
way to Alaska to attempt to ascent Mount
Elias. The Prince expects to arrive in San
Franci-oo early in June and go from there
to Tacorua. There hn will take a steamer
to Yakutat Bay, which he proposes to
reach by June '25. Tne Prince is accom
panied by Alpine guides.
Political A i(iMi utarioi in Mexico.
SAN LUIS POTOSI, Mexico, May 17.—
Romulo ViUales, a member of the Legis
lature, was assassinated on a lonely road
near Tacabuit by a political enemy two
nights ago.
fitting End to a Quadruple Murd«fr
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 17. — Wil
liam Pouch, the Waukesba murderer who
killed a farmer, his wife, the hired man
and servant girl a week ago, was found
dead in a millpond this afternoon. He
had a builet-hole in his head and a stone
around his neck. It is believed that he
tied on the stone, waded into the lake and
fahot himself.
MAY BE
WOOTTON'S
REMAINS
Portions of a Skeleton
Found on a Reedley
Ranch.
BURIED NEAR CONVICT!
SANDERS' HOME.
Fresno Officers Believe They
Have the Bones of the
Professor's Victim.
WERE PARTIALLY DESTROYED
BY A CORROSIVE
Piece of Watch-Chain and a Can
That Had Contained Dye Also
Uncovered.
FRESNO, Cal., May 17.— 1s the small
collection of bones now in the possession
of District Attorney Snow the remains of
an arm of William Wootton? They were
unearthed about a mile from the ranch of
Professor \V. A. Sanders, who, by bis re
cent conviction on the charge of having
forged '.he name of the missing rancher,
was piactically adjudged guilty of having
murdered him, or at least to have bad
something to do with the deed.
There are some very peculiar e'reum
stances connected with the finding of
these bones, and it may be possible that
the discovery will solve tnat perplexing
question which has always baffled the
officers in even forming a reasonable
theory; what disposition was made of the
murdered man's body? Tde authorities
have not concluded their investigations
yet, and it may develop that the find
amounts to nothing. Dr. A. J. Pedlar ex
amined the collection at the instance of
The Call correspondent to-day, and,
thougli he did not express a positive
opinion, he was inclined to the belief that
the bones were not those of a man's arm.
With the bones was found a can, which
had evidently contained concentrated lye
or the like. The top of the can was off
and the lye had eaton through the tin.
The bones showed indications of where a
tissue-destroying solution had been at
work on them, and as they had been par
tially destroyed it was difficult to deter
mine definitely if they were the remains
of an arm or not. If those of an arm, the
limb had beon broken about two inches
above the elbow. They were all discon
nected. Two seemed to be the bones of
the forearm and many little ones the
bones of the hand.
The sensational discovery was made at
a place about a mile north of Sanders'
ranch, which is rive miles southeast of
Keedley. When Wootton disappeared in
February, 1894, the ranch on which the
bonea were unearthed was untenanted,
and no mon favorable spot could have
been selected by Sanders whereon to make
the burial secretly. The man who found
the collection is O. A. Henry, and he
made the discovery accidentally. He was
digging a hole in the ground at the base
of a tree. He noticed that t.'ie roots had
been cut, leaving the old stumps. At a
depth of two and a naif feet he uncovered
what he believed to be the remains of a
human being. He picked out the bones
and dug for several feet around for the re
mainder of the skeleton, but could find
nothing more. He immediately sus
pected that he had found the remains of
William Wootton, and hastened to Selma
to notify Constable Spencer there, who in
turn informed District Attorney Snow.
The District Attorney and Deputy Sheriff
Peck drove out to Henry's place and
brought the bones to tbis city.
Mr. Henry also found among the collec
•ion a gold bar of a watch chain, which
! was considerably corroded. It has not
been ascertained as yet whether Wootton
was carrying a watch on that ill-fated day
when he drove from his home with Pro
fessor Sanders.
While Mr. Pedlar is inclined to believe
that the bones are those of an animal,
there are some very peculiar circumstances
connected with the discovery which make
it highly interesting, because of the possi
bility that it may explain In part the mys
tery surrounding Wootton's disappear
ance. In the first place, it seems strange
that if it was a portion of an animal
buried there the man who dug the grave
should have gone to the trouble of cutting
away the roots when there was plenty of
soil around much easier to penetrate. The
finding of the can and a chain bar are
itlso very peculiar circumstances.
There have been some reports of late to
the effect that Mclntosh, the handwriting
expert who testified in Sanders' behalf and
who was sent to jail by Judge Carroll Cook
for perjury at the recent trial, shipped a
large-sized trunk from Reedier a few days
after Wootton's disappearance and took it
off the train at Pose It is said that Mc
lntosh was extremely solicitous about the
handling of the trunk. District Attorney
Saow stated to a Call correspondent to
day that the story originated in the imagi
nation of an excitable brakeman named
Smith.
KANSAS 1? II HI AM OR AM it ZVtt&tS.
Largest Gnthtrlno at Wichita in th«
Hiatory of the Ordrr.
WICHITA, Kans.. May 17.— The Grand
Lodge Knights ot Pythias of Kansas began
its twenty-sixth annual convention to
day. Delegations from all quarters of tie
State are arriving by every train and the
indications are that this will be the largest
reunion in the history of the order in this
State. To-night the largest class of past
chancellors ever given tfte crand lodge de
grees in Kansas took their obligations. The
general reception to-night was addressed
by Mayor Ross of Wichita and by many
distinguished members of the order from
this and other States.
IOOD rOR JtBFKECTIOM.
What Baa Ermine of the Mia no Wife
■ ■ of a Sau»aijn Manufacturer?
CHICAGO, 111., May 17.— Adolph Leut
gert, a well known sausage manufacturer,
was arrested to-day charged with the
murder of his wife, who mysteriously dh
appeared on May 1. It had been thought
thai the woman committed suicide, as her
husband said he thought she bad left
home because of tinam lal difficulties that
had overtaken him. It is now positively
said by the police thai evidence has been
found that Mrs. Leutpert was killed and
her body hidden. Other arrests are to be
made as soon as certain persons are found.
Tiie place where the murder was com
mitted is said to be the sausage factory.
Return of the Cruiner Oetrolt.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 17.— The
cruiser Detroit arrived to-day after an
absence oi nearly three years on the
Asiatic station. She brines a lot of blue
jackets from European and Asiatic sta
tions, whose terms of enlistment rrave ex
pired. She was ordered home in January
for repair', and would have gone to Mare
Island but for the fact that she bad to
bring the short-term men back.
Man and Wife Mobbed and Murdered.
SMITH LAKE, Minn., May 17.— W. T.
Bokell and wife, living near this place,
were robbed of $400 and murdered about
midrr.-ht last mgnt. The instrument
used was an ax, w ich was iouud in the
yard covered with blood. There is no
clew to the murderem.
Motby li Hecorrrin.fi.
UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA, Va.,
May 17.— Colonel John S. Mosby left here
this afternoon accompanied by his family
in a private car for his home at Warren
ton, Va. He has regained much of his
former strength, and his physician expects
him to be as well as before the recent ac
cident.
CLASSED AS "HIGHWAYMEN."
Senator Pettigrew Pays His Respects to
the Pacfic R inroad Com
panies.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., May 17.— Th«
resolution heretofore offered by Pettigrew
for the appointment of a s>eiect committee
to investigate the issue of patents for
lands to the Pacific railroads and the sink
ing fund of the companies, was taken up
in the Senato to-day and resisted by Gear,
chairman of the Pacitic Railroads Com
mittee, on the ground the committee
would be a "junketing" one, and all the
information desired could be obtained
from the Secretaries of the Interior and
Treasury. He moved that the resolution
be referred to the Pacific Railroads Com
mittee.
Pettigrew opposed this, saying the reso
lution would never come back to the Sen
ate. He charged that patents to millions
of acres of land in California have been
obtained by bribery and that there was
no pretense they had been earned. Ho
snoke of the companies as ' 'highwaymen."
Morgan, a member of the Pacific Rail
roads Committee, said he could see no
reason why an investigation could not be
made by that committee rather than by a
select committee. He moved that the
Pacific Railroads Committee be instructed
to make the investigation.
The motion was carried. The resolution
offered last week by Butler requesting the
President to inform the Senato under
what authority the proposed saie of the
Union Pacific Railroad had been agreed
to between the executive and the combina
tion of purchasers, was agreed to.
Senator McEnry proposed an amend
ment to trie tariff bill by striking out the
Senate su^ar schedule and restoring that
passed by the House, including the pro
vision continuing in force the Hawaiian
treaty.
TARIFF t'ICK. ElilXii.
All Sort* of Rumor* in circulation About
ihn tutaar Sehtdule.
WASHINGTON. D. C. May 17.— Many
reports of tariff dickering are rife, out it is
impossible to ascertain which of them are
based on truth. One of these reports says
that several Western Senators have been
informed by friends of the sugar schedule,
as constructed by the Finance Com mi toe,
that their interests will b9 made subject
to reprisals if they do not vote for the
schedule.
The California Senators are said to have
been offered the Hawaiian reciprocity
clause of the Dingley bill in exchange for
their support of the sugar schedule, and
so the Hawaiian reciprocity clause may
aeain become a part of the Senate bill.
From the fieely expressed opinions of
many Senators it appears that the action
of the Finance C< mtn;uee in striking out
the reciprocity cause misrepre.sents the
prevailing sentiment in the Senate. The
most vigoroui opposition to the treaty
which a few weeks ago was expected to bs
exerted by Alien and other opponents of
tho sugar trust will not appear, probably,
now that it is learned that the trust de
sires the abrogation of the treaty. This
fact makes the vote of three years ago,
which was 5 to 1 against abrogation,
likely to be repeated if the matter comes
to a vote.
MULLEN LET DO fry GENTLY.
The Hero of Apia simply Relieved, from,
■ ■ - • l>uty at l'< nmcola. 'S^:'*
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 17.—
farther proceedings will be taken by the
Secretary of the Navy in the case of Com
mander Dennis* Mullen, until : recently
commander of the Pensacola Navy-yard,
against whom charges of ; improper, con
duct were made some time ago. Mullen
applied' for an investigation and Commo
dore Farquhar . was :, sent to make the - in
quiry. His report has been considered Dy
tbe legal officers of the navy department
and the decision reached that no further
proceedings are necessary. ; : A few days
ago Mullen was relieved from duty and
Commander Reainger assigned to succeed
him. ■'..■.' -■/,. ■ : .- ■>' :" : '
PJ^g^FIVE CENTS.
TO PROVIDE
RELIEF FOR
AMERICANS
Short Message Sent to
Congress by the
President.
ASKS RELIEF FOR NEEDY
IN CUBA.
Prompt Action Taken Upon
the Recommendation by
the Senate.
BAILEY CAUSES A DELAY IN
THE HOUSE.
Renewal of the Battle to Secure
Recognition of the Insurgents
as Balllgerents.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.— Fresi.
dent McKinley to-day sent the following
message to Coneress:
"Official information from oar Consuls
in Cuba establishes the fact that a large
numb.T of American citizens of the island
are in a state of destitution, suffering for
want of food and medicines. This applies
particularly to rural districts of the cen
tral and eastern parts. Agricultural
classes have been forced from their farms
into the nearest towns, where they ara
without work or money. The local au
thorities of the several towns, however
kindly disposed, are unabla to relieve the
needs of their own people and are alto*
gether powerless to help our citizens.
"The latest report of Consul-General Lea
estimates that 600 or 800 Americans are
without means of support. I have assured
him that provision would be made to re
lieve them. To that end I recommend
that Congress mate an appropriation of
not less than $50,000 to be immediately
available for use under direction of the
Secretary of State. It is desirable that
part of the sum which may bj appro
priated by Congress should, in the dis
cretion of the Secretary of State, also be
used for the transporiation of American
citizens who are desiring to return to the
United States and are without means to
do it."
The message received the prompt and
cheerful support of every member of the
Senate, which passed the resolution ap
propriating the money requested.
A similar resolution would have passed
the House but for the objection of Bailey,
the Democratic leader. He prevented
unanimous consent for the passage of a
resoluiion introduced by Representative
Hittsimilar to the Senate's. As a result,
the House was compelled to adjourn
without action. Now it will be necessary
for the Committee on Rules of the House
to bring in a special order by which the
previous question can be ordered and the
Cuban resolution passed. This action
will probably be taken Thursday, the next
meeting day of the House.
toxed Donx the message.
Prttident McKinlnv Btedad the Adviea
of Counselor* at to Cubn.
WASHINGION, D. C, May 17.—Chair
man Davis of the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations was in conference with
the President and Cabinet at an early
special Cabinet meeting this morninpr,
and Representative Hitt, former chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
in the House, read the message last even
ing during hij au<lience with the Presi
dent. Davis and Hitt informed the
leaders of the Senate and House of the
nature of the message, and meetings of
the Foreign Relations Committee and
Speaker Reed's lieutenants in the House
were hela before Contrress met, so that a
programme of action after the reading of
the message had already been mapped
out. I'>y the runk and file of Congress
men, however, and by a great majority of
the crowds of spectators in the galleries
it was supposed the President would use
graphic language in describing the
wretched condition of American cltisens
in Cuba, and that he would quote from
the confidential reports of Consuls.
There is good authority for the state
ment that when the President left Wash
ington Friday for Philadelphia he fully
intended to send to Coneresn to-day the
important points of the confidential re
ports, together with an appeal to Congress
for action on the Cuban question that
would have fired the hearts of Americans
everywhere. During the President's
absence, however, the question of what
action should be taken was left for tho
consideration of Secretaries Sherman and
Long and Judge Day. They were all
opposed to having the President go any
further Into the Cuban matter at this
time than to make a dispassionate recom
mendation for assistance for helple-8
Americans. The President hesitated
some time between his inclination to send
in his message and the advice of his offi
cial counselors not to do to. Last even
ing he Mud practically abandoned the
idea of tending any message at all. In<
meuiateiy after breakfast th'.s morning,
however, he sent word to the Cabinet
members to meet him at 10 o'clock. He
then sat down at his private desk and
wrote the message, which was submitted
to them at 10:30 and which went to Con
gress at noon.
The President has no intention to ?end
a warship to take away Americans who
want to return to the United Slates. The
suggestion in to-day's message about the
transportation of American citizens is in*
tended to ann'.v to Americans only who2
have no money and are anxious to get
away from the horrors of war. Passage
will be furnished them on regular steam
ers as fast as their applications are
granted.
IM THE AAMV OF HUMAMIT.
Daniel A<jnin Arg%i<* in Support of the
j; r c "Trillion of Cwbnnn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.— The
me- sage was read in the Senate imme
diately afier the JDurnal was read. Then
Chairman Davrs of the Foreign Relations
Committee reported G:illineer's joint reso
lution appropriating 150,000, amended to
real $00,000 to be appropriated ior the re
lief oj aestitute citizens of the United
States in the island of Cuba, to be ex
pended at the discretion and under the
direction of the President in the purchase
and furnishing of food, clothing and med
icines and for transporting to the United
States shch of them who desire and who
are without means to transport them
helves.
The joint resolution was passed after
remarks by Gallinger, in which he said he
would not have introduced it if he had
known the Executive contemplated send
ing such message to Congress, He. bad
been impressed yes erday at the (treat
ma^s-meeting ):cl i in Washington and the
s.aem nt of Karl Decker to the efftct
thfit then was abundance of food in Cuba
to supply the necessities of life to all in
habitants if they were only permitted to
go to phices where it coulil be found, but
the captain-general in a brutal and inhu
man way i.ad herded the people to the
citie?. in the interest ol common human
ity the United Staes ought to demand of
the Spanish Government to permit these
people to escape from their present bond
age and go into the country, where they
would tjnd means of sustaining life.
At L' o'ciork the Cuban belligerency reso
lution came tin and Morgan suggested that
if no Senator desired to speak he would
ask fora vote.
Hale promptly jumped hd with the
claim of no quorum present, and a call of
the Senate was ordered. Foriy-six Sena
tors answered and before an attempt to
get a voe was maJe Wellington arose to
address the Senate in opposition to the
resolution. He made an impassioned ap
prtil' for •'ronservativeness." He likened
the "jingo"- talk of friends of the Morgan
resolution to the fighting of the windmill
by Don Quixote and the action of the
I.'i-hrusu at the Donnybrook fair, going
* about begging somebody to tread on the
tail of his coat.
Daniel of Virginia, a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, criti
cized Wellington's speech as a shot at the
main issue instead of an argument on the
motion to refer. It seemed to him «he re
marks of the Senator from Marylana were
based on an entire misapprehension of the
character of the resoution. The resolu
tion did not involve in the least an act of
hostility to Spain. The Senator from
Alary land had referred to the obligations
due to Spain for its encouragement to
Columbus four centuries ago, but for his
part, lie thought it a great pity Columbus
ever discovered America, if the new in
habitants were to continue the savacery
which bad prevailed before they came.
Daniel then went on to make a constitu
tional argument in support of the propo
sition that Congress had power to recog
nize either the belligerency or inde
pendsnee of a new State. He characterized
tne claim that the right of recognition was
executive as a "most preposterous and at
tenuated shape of one man power."
This remark caused a debate between
Daniel and Caffery, however, on the ex
ecutive's power to recognize belligerency.
It showed the speakers were all in doubt
on the point. Then Daniel continued
speech, saying:
'There has been a condition of war in
Cuba for two years and a half. The di
plomacy of the Spanish Government has
succeeded in blinking the eyes of diplo
mats of the United states to a realization
of tfsat fact. But the world knows there
is war in Cuba, high-handed, red-handed,
bloody, lamentable, cruel, savage war, a
war in which Spain has employed a larger
army than the British Government ever
seat to put down the insurrection in the
American colonies in 1776, and that army
is opposed by an army on the other side.
"It is a fact there is war in Cuba whether
the record is in our resolution or not. It
is a fact, whether we sympathize with
Cuba or with Spain, and it being fact, it
is an act of humanity for us to deal with
it and throw the great moral weight of
th;s Government so as to see the war con
ducted with as closa approximation to
Christian usages and civilized customs as
practicable under the circumstances.
- "It v said that this means war. I deny
it. If Spain should declare war upon us;
if she should seek for a moment war
against us because we recognize the bel
ligerency of her former subjects who have
been fighting her two and a half years,
sue will have an unjust cause of com
plaint in the war against us, and we will
have a just cause of complaint for war
a_'si:i- 1 her. Ido not want to see the
American people involved in war. I look
upon war as one of the greatest calami
ties. It is a greater calamity to have the
high public spirit of a great nation so
dead that it looks upon plunder and mur
der and arson with indifference; to have
the pnblic spirit of a great nation so
deadened that it hesitates or delays one
instant to go forward and do a proper act
because of a fear of war."
Daniel went on to argue that as Cuba is
right at our doors we have a just ground
for intervention. But aside from that we
have, he said, assumed an obligation
toward Cuba by the warning to Europe
that we will not permit them to meddle
with her affairs. He concluded amid great
applause from the galleries.
The English Embassador occupied a
seat in the diplomatic gallery during the
debate and was an attentive listener.
VBSTKUCIED HI BAIL BT.
Triet to Force (n»*td< ration of the Jiel
ligrrtney Jifolutlon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.-After
the President's message Had been read in
tne House, Hiti asked unanimous con
sent for the consideration of a bill appro
priating $50,000, in accordance with the
President's recommendation. Bailey said
):e wouid not object if, in connection with
the bill, the resolution of Senator Mor
gan, authorizing the recognition of bellig
erency of Cuban revolutionists could also
be considered by unanimous consent.
Dingley — I think, Mr. Speaker, we had
better dispose of the matter before the
House.
Bailey — Surely the gentleman from
Maine does not want to force an objection
irora this side of the House.
Dingiey — I desire tc test the House on
the proposition before it.
The Speaker — The gentleman from
Maine objects to the consideration of the
propositon of the gentleman from Texas.
Bailey— Then I object to the considera
tion of the bill presented by the gentle
man from Illinois.
The passage by the Senate of tbe resolu
tion appropriating $50,000 for the relief of
Americans iv Cuba was afterward an
nounced to the House, and Hitt asked
unanimous consent for iis consideration.
Bailey again remarked there would be
no objection provided it be connected
with the Senate resolution by Morgan.
Dineley— We will attend to one matter
at a time, Mr. Speaker.
Bailey— Well, you'll attend to both
of these before you attend to either.
[Rapturous applause by the Democrats.]
The Speaker— Objection is made.
Bailey— Tuen 1 a*k the unnninious con
sent, Mr. Speaker.
Dir.gley— l move the House adjourn.
Bailey — Certainly the gentleman from
Maine is not afraid to have this question
discussed.
The Speaker put the question on the
motion toadj>urn, upon which Bailey de
manded a vote by ayes and noes, and se
cured it, resulting ayos 90, noes 71. absent
13. So the House adjourned until Thurs
day.
The vote was along party lines, the Re
publicans being in the affirmative.
Dalzeil, member of the Committee on
Rules, said the committee probably would
report the order of consideration of the
joint resolution for Thursday. Bailey
thinks he has the Republicans in a hole,
nnd that they cannot avoid voting on the
Morgan resolution.
Should the Committee on Rules tase
the action indicated 03' Dalzeil, Bailey
says he will present a minority report,
making the Morgan resolution part of the
subject to be considered. The majority
will then, he says, be compelled to vote
on the resolution before it can act on the
appropriation resolution.
ItlfFlCULl TO SkGHEGATE.
lht> Western Union' it Clone Affinity to
the Union Pacific.
OMAHA, Nebr , May 17.— After many
months' delay in the filing of a supple*
mental decree, the case of the United
States against the Western Union and
Union Pacific is being heard in the Fed
eral court. General Solicitor Kelly of the
Union Pacific and Judge Mor*man, repre
senting the Western Union, are present
United Slates Attorney Sawyer took up
the forenoon in an argument to show that
the order of Judge Hunger, permitting
the tiling two weeks ago of the supple
mental answer of the Union Pacific and a
cross-bill by .he Western Union should be
vacated.
His position was that these papers con
tained matter for a new litigation, while it
is the plain duty of the court to proceed
to enter a supplemental decree under a
mandate of the Supreme Court and force
the two companies to separate their lines.
John Kellv was allowed to file an an
swer for the Union Pacific receivers. He
held that the receivers were already a
party to the action. He pleaded that
much time would be required to ascertain
what part of the telegraph property be
longed to the road and what part to the
telegraph company and that tlie receivers
at present were unable to state.
The court to-night took the case under
advisement.
CHICAGO HI ■■ Jl.lt t.UH, 1 ERPLKXhIt.
Deviling Way* anil Meant to Combat
th* Labor Union*.
CHICAGO, 111., May 17— Most of the
leading ploying builders of the city
met in secret conference here to-day for
the purpose of consolidating the various
employers' associations to combat the
labor unions identified with the building
trade. .
These unions nave an alliance, offensive
and defensive, under which, if any Ine
trade has a grievance all the other trades
are pledged to join in a sympathetic strike
until it is remedied.
As a result— : n the event, for instance,
of the plumbers having a grievance — the
masons, bricklayers, plasterers, carpenters
and others of allied trades would be com
pelled to walk out, although satisfied with
their own relations with their, employers.
The latter have tired of being at the
mercy of the walking delegates and busi
ness agents and now propose to take mat
ters in their own hands.
TRAGIC KhA-lUCKI COUHTSHJI',
Young Man Shoot* Himself in the Pren
. -mc of Hi* former fiance*.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., May 17.— Preston
Thornton of Lexinzion shot himself this
morning in the home of Milton H. Smith,
president of the Louisville and Nashville
railroad. The deed was committed in the
presence of Miss Nettie Belle Smith,, whom
Thornton had just begued to renew their
engagement of marriage, broken off sev
eral weeks ago. Miss Smith is President
Smith's only daughter. When she refused
the tragedy followed. Thornton will die.
He was a well-known club man.
r.KIAS jyVlTl:lt TO SPEAK.
Monster Drntomttrition to Kn Held in
A'etc lortc on Labor i>ay.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 17.— William
J. Bryan has accepted an important la
bor union's invitation to address a big
local labor demonstration on Labor day.
At the request of the labor men the name
of the union is not printed, because the
members 01 the union are afraid of med
dling with Tammany Hali. They say
tney will make a demonstration ior
Bryan at wh.cu 100,000 persons are to be
congregated. Anti - capital resolutions
wjll be adopted.
VICTIMS Of THE SWEATSHOP.
Eighteen Thou and Garment - Makers
Join the Unetnplojfrd.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 17.-The gar
ment-makers' strike is on. Tins morning
18,000 men and women joined the ranks
of the idle. Four thousand more are ex
pected to-morrow. There seems to be no
possible way of reconciling the strikers to
their employers, and it is very probable
.that the strike will last for some time. It
is also believed that it may become very
general in character and involve other
trades.
EASTERN BASEBALL
Scores of Yesterday's Gam is in the Na
tional League and the Standing
of the Clubs.
Ci.rns— W. L. Fc. I Cress— W. Ik po
Baltimore... 18 3 .842 Cleveland... 10 10.500
Cincinnati... 14 7 .666 Brooklyn ... M 12 .400
Piusbure.... 12 « .616 New York.. 6 10.375
Philadelphia 7 .660 Chicago .... 6 1* .80 •
Louisville... 9 7 .5t3 Washington 5 13 .•.'77
Boston 10 9 .62t> Hi Louis 4 16 .200
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 17.-PitUbur(t 3, New
York 2.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May Cleveland 8.
Washington 7.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 17.— Cincinnati 3,
Philadelphia 2.
LOUISVILLE, K.Y., May 17.-Louisville 0,
Baltimore 0.
CHICAGO, 111., May 17.— Chicago 1, Boston
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 17.— St. Louis 5, Brook
lyn 15.
Aru> Ortmnn Hl.eelmen Herfdr.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 17.— At a
meeting of the leading Licycle clubs of
this city to-night it was decided to leave
tbe League of American Wheelmen and
form a new bicycle organization. The
secession is due to the opposition to the
Sunday racing rule.
Kald and Cooper to Race.
BOBTON, Mass, May 17.—Arrange
ments have been completed for a meeting
of Eddie Bald and Tom Cooper in three
races at the big Waltham meet on Me
morial day.
After Many Unit* th- flo o*» Sub tide.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 17.— The
Mississippi is now stationary at New Or
leans, and falling at all places above. It
in now believed that the worst of tbe
flood is over.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
TO SPEED UNDER
THE OCEAN WAVES
Launch of the Holland
Submarine Torpedo-
Boat.
It Represents a Quarter of a
Century of Labor by
the Inventor.
Purely a Private Vessel, but More
Than One Government Is Anx
ious to Obtain It.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 17.— After ex
perimenting for nearly a quarter of a cen
tury John P. Holland bsd the satisfaction
to-day of seeing hi* submarine torpedo
boat launched at Elizabethport and chris
tened Holland. .No one will be permitted
to see the interior of the vessel until full
experiments liava shown the boat com De
sent to do the full work for which il was
intended. The launch was successful in
every way.
The Holland is purely a private vessel.
The Government is building a vessel of
the same type, much larger, in Baltimore.
Congress has appropriated $30U,G00 to
build two vessels like the Baltimore boat.
Some of this money will probably be used
to purchase the Holland, if the company
is willing to sell her. Several other Gov
ernments are said to have made offers for
the boat, and the Holland may be sent
abroad to give exhibitions.
The Holland is 65 feet long, and nearly
11 feet in diameter at her largest frame.
She will be run by a gas-engine when
partly submerged. When entirely sub
merged she will be run by electric storage
batteries. She has only one screw, which,
with the diving and steering rudder*, is
pro'ected from injury by a steel ring
nearly a foot broad and an inch thick.
On the surface she will have a upeed of
firteen knots an hour. Under water the
>peed will be from eight to ten knots per
hour. A reservoir ol compressed air will
be stored in the side to provide a constnnt
supply and to expel water from the tanks,
which are filled to tacilitate submergence.
When the tanks are filled and a hill crew
is aboard there will be a reserve buoyancy
of about 600 pounds. To overcome this
the vessel must be kept moving constantly
when under water, and the diving rud
ders must be kept slightly pitched down
ward to hold the boat on an even keel.
When the vessel stops runnine under
water she will rise to the surface through
her own buoyancy. The Holland has a
bow lorpetto tuhe, for which she will carry
three 75-inch Whiteiiead torpedoes. In
addition, *he Ims an S-inch aerial torpedo
gun in the bow and a submarine gun in
the stern, pointed upward at a slieht
angle. The aerial gun will throw a 100
--pound dynamite cartridge for a mile. The
submarine gun will send its charges
throngn the water for a distance of from
500 to 800 yards, fceiret tests of the Hol
land's capabilities will beuin in al:out two
weeks. When the boat is in good work
ing order 3he will be sent to Washington
under its own power for exhibition to the
naval authorities.
» Kit TO ilia T-Jtljrjr mEASUHE.
General Hrndersoit lhinl:» the liantc
ruptcy Kill Too Important to He
lltinhfd Through tne Home. — —
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 17.— The
return of General Henderson of lowa to
Washington has not sullied.. the question
whether the House shall consider the
Nelson bankruptcy bill, recently sent ever
from the Senate, which Bailey, the Dem
ocratic leader, greatly desires. If Hen
derson's convictions in the matter are re
spected nothing will be done this session.
He said:
"I certainly will not consent to the
House undertaking the discussion of a
subject of such great importance as the
bankruptcy bill with a view to enacting a
law thereon without first having it care
fully considered by the proper , commit
tee — the Judiciary. Such a measure is r!
most equal in importance with the tariff
bill, and for the House to go haphazard
into its consideration would be most un
fortunate. This session was convened for
the purpose of providing additional and
necessary revenue for the Government,
and I do not believe the House will un
duly retard the accomplishment of that
purpose. When it is accomplished Con
gress should go home." is?"
There is a division of sentiment among
Republicans on this matter. Some of
them, like Tawney, member of the Com
mittee on Ways and Means from Minne
sota, think the passage of the bankruptcy
bill is necessary to supplement the tariff
bill before prosperity can be expected to
return.
Further Cnnfrrxnee Ordered.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.— A sec
ond conference report ou the Indian ap
propriation bill watt presented to the
House to-day. It covered the single item
of opening to settlement the Uncompah
gre reservation in Utah. The gilsonite
deposits are to be held under permanent
leases executed by th Secretary of the
Interior, to be forfeited under certain con
ditions, in claims not exceeding twenty
acres, the lessees to pay a royalty not ex
ceeding 75 cents per ton to the Govern
ment. The question was debated nbout
two hours and by a vote of 36 to 73 the
conference report was rejected anu a fur
ther conference ordered.
P-'C'flr, i oust I'rnsiowt.
WASHING'iON, D. C, May 17.— Pacific
Coast p neions. California: Original
widow?, etc. — Frederik Karpe, L<os Ange
les. Mexiran war survivors, reissue and
increase— John R. Pott.-*, R'-dding.
Washington: Original— Peter Hardel
felt, Orting; Nicholas Merilz, Walla
WallH. Restoration and increase — John
Heitman, Port Angeles. Increase — Joel
Veasey, Forks.
To Get Over the. Income-Tax lfeclition
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17. —In
the House to-day Cochran of Missouri in
troduced the following proposed amend
ment to the constitution:
Article XVI. lucerne tax shall not be eon
stru.'d bs n nirec-: tax within the meaning of
sections 2 and 9 oi article I of the constitu
tion; but Congress sha.l nave power to levy
and collect a tax on incomes derived from any
source whatever, without regard to apportion
meut or enumeration.
Lonrjt'rrrt for It a H wait C ? ffmm<li(onfr,
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.— 1t is
officially announced to-day that General
Longstreet will be nominated for Railway
Commissioner, to succeed General Wade
Hampton.
Ilmnnrnw ( ant/rnmnman Hilborn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.—Rep
resentative Hilborn of California to-day
introdnrad to the President two Cwlifor
nians who did not want office. They were
John Fisch oi Oakland and Dr. M. O.
Wyatt of Winters.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Gunboat Adams Will Go to Alaska to
Bring Dtwn the Old
P.nta.
VALLEJO, Cal. May 17.— The United
States snip Adams will leave the Navy
yard to • morrow for Ban Francisco.
Afier a few days' stop it will proceed up
the coast to Siika, whence it will convoy
the old boat Pinta hack to Mare Island.
Here the Pinta will go out of commis
sion and be reiegateti to Rotten Row to
remain until an order comes from the
Navy Department for its sale at auction.
The Pinta left the Navy-yard twelve or
thirteen years ago for Alaska, and after
its arrival there, it proved to be of Jittle
cr no service to the Government. The
new gunboat Marietta, now at the Union
Iron Works, will be sent to Alaska lor
duty.
On the arrival of the Adams at Sitka,
orders will be received from Lieuteuant-
Commander Fred M. Symonds, in com
mand cf the Pinta, as to when the return
will be made. The date will be fixed
when it is thought favorable wenther will
be encountered. A mild siorm would
cause the old Pintu to go down.
liear-Admiral Kirkland is still at the
Port Orchard Naval Station invsstieating
t ne cau:-es of the grounding of the Oregon
and the settling of the dock. His early
return is looked for.
The gunboat Concord will go into com
mission on Saturday next. Commander
Walker will be in command and Lieuten
ant Colvocore-ses the executive officer.
A guard of marines has been selec.ed from
the barracks, and the crew will be taken
Jronuhe Independence.
The BenniiiL'ton, now at San Francitco,
will come to the island the coming week
for docking aud painting.
DEHHI.ICT UGItKX officials.
Shortages Oi.ieloied t» a County Grand
Jury's Rrpurt.
OGDEN, Utah, May 17.— T0-day has
been given up by Ogden citizens to a
study of the report of the expert who has
been working on the county records of
the past two year?. A voluminous report
was published by the present County
Commissioners this morning. The alleged
discrepancies and peculations, covering a
'■eriod of two years, amount to from
$^0,000 to 135,000. The ex-county officers
who«e actions are questioned are two of
the County Commissioners, the County
Cl<«rk and the Probate Judge.
The greatest discrepancy in the records
is id connection with the new county
courthouse, the bnilding of which was by
contract for each item. The contracts
caiied for an expenditure of $15,700 for the
new wing, while the amonnt paid on tue
same contracts was $06,775.
In tho Clerk's office snortaeres to the
amount of $2500 are allegpi, while the ex
cierk has paid in about $700 of the amount
since the investigation becan. No formal
action looking to a recovery of the short
age has yet been taKen.
SJM. DIIsGO HOMAA'S in: a 111.
frightful Burnt Rrerired by Mr*. Green
/>wri/ I'rot* Fatal.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., May 17.— Mrs. W.
R. Greenbury, the artist's wife, who was
so frightfully burned i>y the explosion of
a kerosene lamp at her bedside last
Friday night, died yesterday morning. The
shock has dethroned the reason of her
husband, an& all efforts to fret a rational
statement from him have proved unavail
ing. .
Greenbury was reading in the bedroom.
His wife and baby had retired." Suddenly
the lamp explode!, throwing burning oil
over the bed. Green t>ury aeir.' d the child
and ran outsid", screaming for help. It
was fully ten minutes before help arrived,
«nd it was then 100- late to save 'Mrs.
Greenbury's life. , • ;
Drowned at t'aradlne tut.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 17. — Henry
Lilienthal and Henry Smith were
drowned yesterday at Paradise Cut, not
far from Stockton. Both were fishermen.
They started in a rowboat more for
pleasure than for the catch they expected
to make. In some way the boat was over
turned in the swift current ol the San
Jonquin, near the cut, and b.;th went
overboarl. They were unable to cope
with the swift waters and were drowned
before aid could reach them. Lilientlial
was nbout 40 years of age and Smith about
30. Smith hatl a sister living at Liver
more. The bodies have not been re
covered.
SIOCK2O* ACCIItEXT.
San Franciscan If'i.tmds Himself While
Practicing With a fittol.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 17.— Deputy
License Collector Cooney of San Fran
cisco was at Good water Grove with I. C.
Blake of 429 Kearny street, San Fran
cisco, yesteniay, and they tried their
skill with a pistol at the shooting gallery.
Blake li red several times and thought
that all the cartridges' in tin- weapon
were discharged. He pointed the pistol
downward and pulled the trigger again.
The remaining cartridge in the pistol ex
ploded, the bullet striking his ankle ami
lodging in the foot. Dr. Lanthurn of thi*
city was near by at the time and dressed
the wound temporarily, and then Cooney
took Blake to a river boat which left for
San Francisco at 6 o'clock.
Ann ftnfanl'.* election Conteit.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., May 17.— Joseph
F. Schattler to-day filed a statement in
the County Clem's office upon which
Jndze Angelotti issued a citation requir
ing Edwin Gardner. w.ho was elected City
Recorder, to appear before the Superior
Court to show cause why his election
should not oe annulled. There waa a dif
fer nee of five votes between Gardner and
Schattler, and fince the election both
have appealed to the courts to decide.
■' iiiciiie at La Grand ».
LA GRANDE, Ob., May 17.— J. M. Irion.
a tanner ami furrier, committed suicide
last night by hanging himself in bis place
of business nt Island City. He was ad
dicted to drink and gambling and last
evening lost heavily in La Grande.
Conner found Mear Union.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 17.-Valuable
copper dapoMts nays been found at Union,
B. C, and ore brought to this city assays
13 per cent in copper and us high as $30 in
tod. The ledge is rive feet in widtu and
easily accessible.
Stu*alitn'* I'nniroomi.
SAUSALITO, Cal., May 17.— The pool
men wi o intend to conduct a gambling
business in Sau«alito will not commence
operations until next Monday. Ie was
expected that they would open to-day.
' o ml iic arm Aic nd Jotnalpni*.
MILL VALLEf, Cal., May 17.— About
100 of the railroad conductors went up
Mount Tamalpais to-day as the guests of
the North Pacific Coast and the Scenic
roads. The day was t erfecu
MrX'cnn Honeymoon bruptly Ended.
MONCLOVA. Mexico, May 17.-Mace
dona Fausto, who murdered four persons
near here and then eloped witn his sweet
heart, has been captured at Villaldama.
He will be brought n?re and shot.
Food* . < iuntifica.lv Tr»at.»<l.
B. W. Young, assistant professorof analytical
chemistry at Stanford University, delivered a
lecture under tho auspices of the Academy Of
Sciences last night, taking for his subject
"The Chemical Synthesis ol Foods." He
divided hi* subject into four parts, treating
each in detail, as follows: "What are food*?"
"Origin of foods," "How foods should be
chosen" and "What are to be the foods of the
future?" There was a good attendance.
BLISS IS MADE
MAJOR-GENERAL
Brooke Comes Next and
the Programme Is
Filled.
• ;
' -" • - ; " ■
Further Promotions Would
Follow but for Army
Opposition.
A Hint That Wholesale Advance
ments Might Retire the Re
tired List.
4
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 17.—Briga
dier-General Zmihs R. Bliss 1 , commanding
the Department of Texas, was nominate.!
by the President to-day to be major-gen
eral. Ke will apply for retirement under
the veteran service law when he has been
confirmed. ijfylV. — ■
Brigadier-General John R. Brooke will
be nominated to succeed him, ending the
rapid promotions among the higher offi
cers. It was the intention of tue Presi
dent to compliment some other officers
under an agreement similar to that made
with Forsyth and Bliss, by which they
promised to apply for retirement on secur
ing the coveted advancements, thu- creat
ing vacancies to be hlled by their juniors.
Opposition has developed among army
people, however, to the wholesale system
of retirement and promotions, principally
on the ground that criticism against the
retired list would recur and might event
ually result in securing its abolishment.
The President had in view the promotion
of a number of general officers to an actual
rank equal to their highest volunteer rank,
but he may abandon it.
The nomination and retirement of Gen
eral Forsyth and the immediate appoint
ment of Brigadier-General Bliss as his
successor was pred cted in The Call's
1 dispatches two weeks ago. - General Bliss
will retire immediately upon his confirma
tion and Brigadier-General Brooke will
succeed him. General Coppinger may be
similarly provided lor, and soon alter con
firmation will retire. -
The Army and Navy Register is au
thority for this statement. It intimates
that Coppinger will be the next major
general instead of Brooke, but that Gen
eral Otis is not to be advanced over Gen
eral Brooke. He will be promoted when
General Merritt retires. This programme
was adopted only after careful considera
tion by the President.
President McKinley's motive is highly
commendable, and everything taken into
account, including the fact that the exe
cution of the plan means a number of un
looked-for promotions in all grades of the
army, the arrangement will likely , be ap
proved of "by a larce majority of officers in
the military service. Army promotions is
a.subject to which the President and Sec
retary Alger have eiven much serious at
tention. It is the wish of the President
that every officer in the military service
should attain before retirement the high
est rank to which he was breveted for con
spicuous services during the war, and con
sistently with fairness to all concerned
the President proposes to carry oat this
idea. } t ' :''",. _ ;, ;^;v; ;
Another desire of the President is that
as far as practicable, keeping in mind
justice, all brigadier-generals shall become
major-generals before retirement as a re
ward for long and valuable services. The
President is a firm believer in the princi
ple ol seniority, and will observe this
principle with but few exceptions. In
the cases of the present brigadier-generals
the promotions of Generals Bliss and Cop
pinger (curiously he omitted mention of
General Shaf ter's name when referring to
the prost>ects) would operate as a
temporary hardship to General Brooke,
but that officer under the plan of the
President would be a major-general cer
tainly for over three years, and probably
for more than four years. . _ . - -Vii-
A War Department official, said to-day
that a practical .point was the good that
would result to many deserving officers
who have long waited for promotion. Un.
der the rule three more major-gener
als won d be nominated.. This means, o ,
course, the promotion of three colonels,
three lieutenant-colonels and three second ;
lieutenants, in addition to one officer in
these . grades who, would be advanced as
the result ol the selection of Major-General
Forsyth. The official thought this consid
eration one wbicn the army would attach
importance to when it was. remembered
that in departing from the rule of senior
ity in the case of General Brooke the hard-,
ship to that officer was only. temporary,
and that in making the proposed excep
tions the President .would reward deserv
ing officers who figured conspicuously in
the country's last great war.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Events to Be Contested at the Velo-
drome Next Sunday.
There will be a race meet at the Velo
drome next Sunday, the programme of
which includes a half-mile handicap and
two-thirds of a mile stratch, professional;
a half-mile stratch, amateur, and a match
race between Otto Zipgler Jr. and Allan
N. Jones nt one mile. Tha latter
event should be a great drawing card,
as there ha? been a question of supremacy
between these two riders and their many
lollowers for a long time past. Jones beat
Coulter at the Santa Rosa meet Sunday,
and if he should defeat Z egler could
r ghtly he termed chnmpion of the coast.
This meet is to be conducted by C. N.
Ravlin, and is the first of a number ar
ranged on a State circuit, to take in Santa
Cruz, San Jose.Vallejo, Sacramento, Stock
ton and other r>:aco;. A laree number of
riders will follow the circuit.
T. Alfred Griffiths of tne Bay City
Wheelmen returned yesterday from a
three weeks' wheeling trip through Sono
ma, Like H!id Mendocino couuti-**.
The San Francisco Road Club will hold
a smoker Thursday evening.
FEDEEAL REMOVALS.
Dewitt C. Jackson Dismissed From the
"' .•■' '!"•' .-.'.. Service of the Treasury. .. / \ ;
Dewitt C. Jackson, npecial agent of the
United States Treasury Department, has
been dismissed from the service. Up in
the Appraisers' buildinp, enveloped in
silence I and '; mystery, Mr. Jackson's col
leagues, in reply to : direct ; questions, say '
the dismissal is not a puniaument and is
not for political reasons, but that it is in
the line of retrenchment and reform in
augurated by the McKin ley administra
tion and that heads are falling from Brit
ish Columbia -to ... Mexico and ■■ from Key
.West to Ban Diego, wherever they can be
spared. 5 ;" 1 ' ; ;' . ■■■;'■••"-;.■■--;:■
The fac-simile >^3^ \- is on every wrapper
signature of OS^/^^&C of CASTOBIA.
NEW TO-DAT.
"AT SLOAHE'S" 1
AHNDAL CLEARANCE
SALE!
CARPETS, RUGS,
LACE CURTAINS,
DRAPERY GOODS.
We offer without reserve our entire stock of
Saxony Axminsters and Best Grade Moquettes,
Sewed, laid and lined at 95c per yard.
Mottled Moquettes and Axminsters,
Sewed, laid and lined at 80c per yard.
Royal Wilton Pile Velvets, the highest grade manufactured,
Sewed, laid and lined at $ | .25 per yard.
Standard Grade Wilton Pile Velvets,
Sewed, laid and lined at 97^c per yard.
Immense Line of Tapestry Brussels,
Sewed, laid and lined at 65c per yard.
The above prices are an absolute reduction of from 2SpCr r
cent to 33 x /a x>er cent.
RUQ DEPARTMENT.
BIG CUT IN PRICE ON ALL GRADES OF RUGS.
LACE CURTAINS.
iooo pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains in all grades at "\^7"ll.Ol©-»
sale Cost.
iooo pairs Nottingham Lace Curtains from QO Cents P P r
pair and upward.
Similar reductions prevail throughout our entire stock in DRAPERY
DEPARTMENT.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLSTERY,
641 to 647 MARKET STREET.
BROKER CHAPMAN
IN DURANCE VILE
Enters Upon His Term!
of Thirty Days for
Contempt.
Havemeyer and Searles Get a
Respite and May Escape
Punishment.
Judge Bradley's Acttcn Is Severely
Criticized — Ins and Outs of
Sugar Deals.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.— Broker
Chapman, who declined todivnige to the
Senate investigating committee the
names of United States Senators alleged
to have speculated in American sugar
stock and as a punishment was sentenced
to thirty days in the District Jail and to
pay a fine of $100, is now behind irison
bars. His term began this afternoon and
he will be released on June 11, providing
he violates none of the rules of the jail.
Aside from having two of the ben cells
in the jail, having them furnished nicely
at his own expense and being permitted
food prepared under the direction of Man
ager Bennett of the Arlington Hot?l,
Chapman will be treated ]ust as though
lie was an ordinary prisoner.
"I have notbing to say for publication,"
Chapman said, "but during my confine
ment I may write something which may
put this matter in a Droper light."
The trial of Havemeyer and Searies, the
recalcitrant sugar witnesses, was to-day
postponed until Tuesday of next week by
Judge Bradley at the reauest of counsel,
although tlie motion was bitterly opposed
by the District Attorney. It is expected
now that a year will elapse before a final
decision. It took three years to land
Broker Chapman in jail.
There is plenty of adverse criticism here
as to Judge Bradley's action. It looks de
cidedly as though a very strong pull bad
been brought to bear on the court. The
feeling is all the more intensified because
of the charges made by a Now York paper
that certain Senators are now speculating
In sugar regardless of the notoriety at
tached to the Havemeyer, Searies and
Chapman cases.
One of the brokers who could probably
throw considerable light on the dealings
of Senators in Wall street and who per
sonally profited by advance information
on the sugar schedule is Abraham White.
Mr. White has offices at 16 Broad street
and 31 Broadway, New York. He is the
broker who successfully negotiated with
the aid of Russell Sage the purchase of a
million dollars' worth of Government
bonds during the last popular bond sale
on a total investment of 43 cents for pos
tage. He cleared about $200,000 by that
deal.
When the Dingley tariff bill went into
the hands of the Senate sub-committee
Mr. White came to Washington and
opened an office at .1313 F street. Ha
fitted it up in fine style and had a private
wire to New York.
On April 8 his first advertisement ap
peared in the local papers. He did not
stint Himself on space. He made refer
ence in his advertisement to his success
in the bond deal, and in large letters an
nounced that Russell Sage had helped
him to complete that transaction.
It was need that the persons who fre
quented bis office and traded through him
were mostly Senators and Representa
tives be lived in the Arlington Hotel,
where, it will be remembered, the Senate
sub-committee held its secret meeting*.
He was frequently seen coming out of the
room where these secret conferences were
being held, although it was impossible for
any but a few favored Senators and Rep
resentatives to enter this private chamber.
THE 3TBANDED ACTRESS.
Yvonne Carlton Is Now an Inmate of
the l'rench llimpit.il.
Yvonne Cariton, the strande 1 actress,
whobecame Jemporarlly insane .rom want
and giief at the loss of her b by, was ttken
fiom the Receiving Hospial vesteniav
I afternoon to the French Hospital b l / Lou s
j Imhaus, president of the Ac;or*' and A~t-
I tresses' R-lie: Fund Soc etv.
Prts dent Imhaus has takn a warm in
terest in tier and has promised odo all in
h's power to secure en encasement for h r
afie she is bnter, as he says she is an
hoi o able lady and deserves encourage
ment in her profession.
Mrs. Carlton is a naiiye of Denver and
her adopteJ parents are very weal hv peo
ple in thatc:iy. Wiien she was 16 years
of ape a prom'nent younic man in Denver
fell in love ni b her, and because sha re .
fused to marry him he tired a shot at her
and then snot himself twice.
Shu finally married the man of her
cho.ee, but she says a mother-in-law's in
terference cause-i a separation and she
came here with her child.
MME. BAERIOS' PLANS.
The Distinguish* Lady Will Sojourn
on the Coast. . . ■
Mme. Barrios, wife of the. President of
Guatamela, who arrived here about two
weeks ago, bad expected to leave for the
East about this time, but her physician,
Dr. Joaquin Yella, who with his family
accompanied her here, says Mme. Barrios
is not yet strong enough to undertake the
journey, her health having not been as
good as usual lately. For two or three
days the distinguished lady lias been
compelled to deny herself to all callers.
Her plivs-ician made this imperative.
When Mme. Barrios leaves the coast,
which she may not do for two months,
she will visit Chicago, New York and
other, Eastern cities and will goto Europe.
Her intention for some time past has been
to spend several months in Paris and
other European capitals.
It was learned last night that the
madame will co to the Hotel Rafael at
San Rafael to-day, and will ' rest there
quietly until she goes East. ■ .
Justice*' Vacations.
The Justices of the Peace will taica their
vacations this year as follows: Justices Coolc
and Barry, July 15 to August 15: Groezinger
and Carroll, June 15 to July 15; Kerrigan,
June 1 to July 1. Triis was decided at ame t
ing held yesterday. The Justices also decided
to address a letter to their messenger in-
Ktructlug him to ray more attention to his
duties in the future.
aTKW TO-dat
NO .^afesL
more mm
OREAD «
UllLnii
THE DENIAL CHAIR
THE DENTAL CHAIR
•■■■■■li Extracted Without Pain-
■: X C ETU H'le«l Without Pain, s
PP I II Crowned Without Pain.
ILL II Bridge Work Without Pain. j
These are the onlr dental rarlors In Pan , Fra-i-
Clsco that have the pa:eut appliances and Ingre-
dients to extract, fill or -apply Bold ' «own S »nd
porcelain crowns nndetectaole from natural teeth
and warranted for ten yean without the east par-
ticle of p»ln. We are not comprtlae wita cheap
dental establishments, but with flrsi-cU»s dentists
at prices less than half those charged by them.
For the purpose of at once springing into
prominence, un.il May 20 we will make
FULL SKT OF TEETH f0r...... — • 8 ?? !
GUI.D CROWNS. 221 c... —"'in,
RI'IDGE WOKK. per Tooth '. i« 40J|
(.itVliii FILLING .:....... — ; « J "t 1
GOLD F1LL1NG.. ..............--..: 75c «?, p
CLEANING TB: TH 60s
. - By leaving order lor Teeth in th« morning you
can tiiem tue same day. .
No charge for Extracting Teeth when plat,** are
ordered. t, . . . ■  .. -\ . . .-■: .- '. .. ;■: )
' Work done as well at night as by day-
light by the modern electrical devices <
useti here. :\ .; '[ ' \, '.•.». ;"-:•"';?
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-
DENTAL PARLORS,
997 Market St.' : " '
' : Three ' Skilled Operators. Lady Attendants.
G»rman and irench spoken. Open Kvenin:s till
8; Sundays- 9 till 12. All surgical work done br
G. W. Williamson. MP. ■.■::■■■■:■ ■;:■■:. -. ■-.■--■-■
NOTARY PUBLIC.
j A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
OOQ MAKKKT .^T.; OPP. PALACK HO! KU
UOO Telephone ' 670. Residence 909 Valencia
itreeu telephone '-Church," 15. -.QUIET RESTORED
AT ANGELS CAMP
Wife - Murderer Arnett
Spared by the Angry
Mountaineers.
He Is Near to Death and They
Await the Result of His
Wounds.
The Young Victim of His Jealous
Rage Will Be Interred at
Altavltle To-Day.
ANGELS CAMP, Cal., May 17.— The
people of Angels Camp alept but little last
night. Not until a late hour did the
groups of roush rnoumaineers who were
clamoring for the life of Harry Arnett, the
wife murdererand *ould-be suicide, break
up. This morning the excitement had
somewhat subsided, and the authorities
do not apprehend that the threat of a
lynching will be carried into effect for the
reason that Arnett is already close to
death's door.
Arnett is still alive and his surgeon says
if he lives through the night he may
recover, but one bullet passed through
MRS. HARRY ARNETT, the Young Victimof a Jealous
Husband's Murderous Rage at Angels Lamp.
liis right lung and internal bleeding may
cause death at any moment. He is very
weak, but is rational when not under tne
influence of opiates.
The murdered girl-wife will be interred
In the cemetery at Altaviile to-morrow.
Arnett is in the hands of the constable,
but owing to his condition no effort will
be made to hold a preliminary examina
tion even if he recovers until he improves
co that the strain and excrement incident
thereto will not endanger his life.
THE CASTRO V/LLE TRAGEDY.
Coroner's Jury Charges Joseph Cole With
the Murder of Mary
Perez.
SALINAS, Cal., May 17.— The inquest
over the ooay of Mary Perrz, who went
for a drive with Joseph S. Cole of Santa j
Rosa last night and returned a corpse, was
held to-day, and a verdict charging Cole
with her murder was returned. A stiong i
network of evidence had been woven :
around the accused man, and it is certain
that he will be held to answer for the |
crime.
The testimony given at the inquest con
firmed the story of the tragedy ai pub
li«heil in The Call to-day. James Stirhns
told or having seen a buggy at 1 :30 o'clock
yesterday at the roadside about a mile
wesi of Castroville. One person was re
clining in the vehicle and another vras 1
leaning against ir. The additional testi- I
mony of E. Z. Brokaw was adduced by j
the Coroner. H* swore that he was re
turning from C-istroville, and as he \
reached the spot in the road previously I
indicated by Stirling, he saw a horse and i
bugjjy standing by the roadside. This !
was at 12:30 o'cloik in the morning. The ■
moon was unobacured and he had a !air ■
view. When near the vehicle he saw a.
light form on the ground, with another
clad in darker garb standing over it. J
WheD he got within twenty feot of them i
he saw that the person on the ground was
n woman, wh > lay in a motionless heap.
He passed on and looked back occasion
a.lv, expecting to see the prostrate iorm
risp from the ground, but it did not.
Drs. Barry and Stafford hnd prepared a
careful and thorough statement of tne re
sult of the autopsy. They agreed that
death did not result from natural causes.
It was the result of external violence, and
strangulation was the mod ■ resorted to by
the murderer. Internnl conditions pointed
to this — the congested lungs, the trachea
congested and filled wi:h froth. The
biuiseson tin: chin was found to reach
the bone, while the tissues of the neclc
showed slight siens of violence.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 17.— Joseph
S. Cole, un'ler arrest at Salinas on a charge
of the murder of his wife's sister, was at*
rested here by Constable Joe Harveston
last Thursday and turned over to Consta
ble J. W. Chuich of Salinas, whither he
wms taken upon ■ charge of failure to pro
vide lor his child. Cole was a teamster,
whose record in the service of Grover &
Co. was of a character to keep him always
employed when he wanted work. Ho was
unruly when drinking, but attentive to
his duties when at work. He was work
ing for Seth X der when arrested, and the
news of his arrest for murder was a sur
prise to his employer.
Stockton'* Municipal Campalan.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 17.—T0-mor
row's municipal election is creating in
tense interest. Tlie principal thorough
fares were filled to-night with knots of
men, nil urging the claims of their favorite
candidates. The issue is a clean-cut one.
It is between the fusion candidates put up
by republicans and Democrats and the
A. P A. ticket, which was christened tho
Citizens' ticket. The American Protec
tive Association ba9 had control of tne
city government for two years, and is
making a desperate effort to retain its
power. It is centering its guns on the
offices of Mayor and Superintendent of
Streets, and if s-ucce-sful will have control
of tlie Board of Public Works and the
Police and Fire Commissioners.
SOON TO LEAVE M ARM'S JAIL.
Colonel Fmnegan's Application to Be De
clared an Insolvent Will He Hsard
on Wednesday.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., May 17.— Next
Wednesday Colonel Peter A. Finne
gan win be released from the Marin
County jail— a pauper in the eyes of the
law. Tne man who has for over six weeks
been a prisoner for not paying $750 to his
wife, Mrs. Emily B. Finne an, who is suing
him for a divorce— the mau who has ap
pealed to Superior Judge Angelotti to ad
judge him an insolvent debtor— will on
that day have his accounts adjusted, and
the $750 will be paid from the assets of his
estate.
In his affidavit, filed with County Clerk
Thomasßonneau, Colonel Finnegan swears
that he has not the sum of $750, nor has he
had any amount of money in excess of
$50 at any time since February 123, when
he was ordered confined in jail for con
tempt of court. Colonel Finnegan alleges
that he has no money or means of support
or maintenance; that he has not the
ability to raise or borrow $750, or any sum
whatever. All the property of the colonel
| has been turned over to Sher.ff Henry
! Harrison, and he further asserts* that he
has not concealed or in any way disposed
of any properly with designs to delay,
hinder or defraud any of his creditors.
I Finneean asks to be discharged from the
custody of the Sheriff and from the County
Jail.
Colonel Finnegan had lived with his two
dauebter3 at the Hotel Rafael, and after
his confinement in the » jail be was served
with French dinners from the Parisian
Hotel. Now he swears that ho is indebted
in the sum of over $16,000, and be has a
little over $20,000 with which to settle.
| The Hotel Rafael is owed $1000 for board
| and lodging, and this sum is secured by a
pledge of personal property. C. T. Mc-
Dermott of Oakland is owed $2060 on a
i promissory note, A. B. Spreckels $5000 on
a note and William Lange Jr. $50 on an
open loan. None of these amounts is
i secured. Mrs. Emily B. Finnegan is a
• creditor to the sum of $1050, alimony,
j costs, etc., and this is unsecured. C. C.
j Bern is' notes for $7000 are secured by
| mortgages on the colonel's interest in
! race tract property and the Maloncy
| mine. Total, $1f!,16J. The assets consist
I of property amounting to about $30,000,
I with incurabrancps to the sum of $7000.
j There is money sufficient to pay the order
of court, and this will be settled Wednes
day.
So the man who a few years ago was
"rolling in wealth," visiting foreign
lands and passing the days in pleasure
and sight-seeing is no longer rich.
Colonel Finnegan is stili in the County
Jail in the basement ot the Marin County
Courthouse, wnile his daughters are
occupyine the best apartments in Hotel
Rafael. The wine dinners and the best
food that the Parisian hotel can furnish
are still the prisoner's fare, and the signs
of economy that one looks for in an insol
vent debtor are not visible.
The trial of the divoicj suit, with its
sensational details, will be commenced in
a short time.
I'rar.Hcal Jolter* in Jail.
SAX JOSE, Cal., May 17.— Fred Brown
j and C. Oarlock, two young men who re-
I side in East San Jose, attempted to per
j petrate a practical joke last evening by
\ taking a rig belonging to Webb Fisher
and enj >ying a ride. As a result they
i were arrested on charges of grand larceny
I to-day. Fi<her had called to see a young
lady residing on McLaughlln avouue, and
| while he was in ihe house the boys tnok
ktha rig. Thpy returned the outfit this
' morning. They were arraigned before
I Justice Kirkrairick and their examina
j tion set for \Vedne<idny morning. They
were released on $M) bail each.
Collided Him a Train.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 17.— Tim Sulli
van, driver of a Wells- Fargo Express
wagon, was badly hurt about 3 o'clock
this afternoon on Fourth street by his
waeon coiliding with a passenger train.
Sullivan was delivering some goods, and
on the approach of the train his horse be
came frightened. He jumped in the back
of the wagon and tried to turn the animal
around so as to avoid the train, bat the
engine struck the rear part of the wagon.
Tfce horse and vehicle were piled in a
heap. Sullivan received severe scalp
wounds and was picked up unconscious.
jlll Im Quiet at Jone.
IONE, Cal., May 17.— The danger of
trouble at the Preston School seems to
have passed, and there is no longer fear
of an outbreak. These officers who have
not already sent in their resignations will
remain. Timothy Lee, the new assistant
superintendent, arrived last night and is
now gathering information as to the work
ings of the school. Ex-Superintendent
BanK and Secretary Bernard have jusi ar
rived from San Francisco. Dr. O'Brien,
the new superintendent, is expected to
arrive and take charge of the institution
to-morrow.
Murder at Senator Mining Camp.
BAM DIEGO, Cal.. May 17. -District
Attorney Sweet to-night received a tele
gram from Constable M. Ortez at Yuma,
stating that Manuel Chanez had murdered
a Mexican woman at Senator mining
camp, sixty miles up the Colorado River,
two days ago, and that he had been cap
tured and was he'd by tlie authorities at
Picacbo Ccmp. Deputy District Attorney
Kirby will leave in the morning to inves
tigate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
WOODSMEN STRIKE
IN LUMBER CAMPS
Five Hundred Mendo
cino Laborers Re
fuse to Work.
Demand That They Be Paid In
Cash instead of Sixty-
Day Orders.
The Trouble Gives Promise of Ex
tending to Every Mill on
the Coast.
UKIAH, Cal., May 17 —A strike of the
woodsmen in the Fort Bragg and Caspar
woods, on the coast of this county, Is re
ported to-day. On Saturday a man de
manded cash in payment for his labor, re
fusing to accept -sixty-day orders. The
Union Lumber Company and the Caspar
Lumber Company asked until to-day to
consider the matter. To-day they refused
to concede to the demands of their men,
and 500 of the lumbermen walked out.
The corporations claim it is impossible
for them to pay in cash, as their returns
are received in ninety-day paper, and they
say that if the men do not return to work
the mills will be shut and over 1000 men
thrown out of employment.
C. R. Johnson, vice-president of the
Union Lumber Company, passed through
Ukiah tnis rooming en route to Sail Fran
cisco from Fort .Bragg, where he had been
engaged in an attempt to settle th« trou
ble between his company and the strikers.
He made but little progress. It is ciaimed
by the mill managers that the mills have
been run at almost a loss for some time
past and that only a desire to keep their
men in employment induced them to
continue operations. They intend to right
the Santord law to tneend. As soon as
this measure, which provides that work
men shall be paid in cash, went into
effect the men demanded cash payments
under its provisions. After a consulta
tion among the manager* of the lumber
and mill companies it was decided that
they could not afford to comply with the
demand. If all the mills are closed be
tween 4000 and 5000 men will be tnrown
out of employment.
The attorneys of the mill companies de
clare the bill requiring a monthly cash
payment is unconstitutional, inasmuch as
it provides for such payment by incor
porated concerns only, and has no bear
ing on private companies or other busi
ness firms or partnerships.
The law upon which the strikers base
their demand for cash wages, and which
the corporations will attempt to have de
clared unconstitutional, provides as iol
lows:
Section 1. Every corporation doing bnsiness
in this State shall pay, nt least once a month,
each and every employe em ployed by such cor
poration in transacting or carrying on its
business or in the performance of labor for it
the wages earned by such employe during the
preceding month ; provided, however, that if at
ihe time ot payment any emplo}© shall be ab
sent or not engaged in his usual employment
he snail be entitled to said payment at any
time thereafter upon demand.
The act further provides that a violation
of this law shall entitle the employes to a
lien upon the property oi the corporation
fur the amount of wages due, and that
such a lien shall take precedence over all
other liens except duly recorded mort
gages or deeds of tru't. No assignment
of future wages shall be mad ■ to a cor
poration by the employes tor the purpose
of evading the provisions of this law. For
a violation of this law a corporation is
subject to a fine of not over $100 or less
than $50 lor each offense.
CONTROL OF EDEN VALLEY LANDS.
Mendocino's Public Administrator Given
Charge of the Jsram Colony's
Estate.
UKIAH, Cal., May 17.— Judge Mannon
i to-day rendered his decision in the matter
i of the petition for letters of administra
j tion, and the opposition thereto, on the
estate of Peter J. Jeram, deceased. Let
ters were ordered issued t^> J. H. Barker,
the Public Administrator of this county.
Jeram mas the Catholic priest who i
about a year ago founded a colony at
Eden Valley, in the northern part of this
county, and built the town now Known as
Jeramvilie. Since it was founded, at which
time 500 colonists from all psrts of the
Union were brought to Eden Valley, the
colony has collapsed and nearly all of the
settlers have left the country. At the
time of the purchase of the land on behalf
I of the colonists deeds for the real estate
and bills of sale for the personal property
were taken in the name of Father Jeram,
and at the time of his death the property
of the entire colony was owned, as far as
the records were concerned, by him, al
though the money (o purchase it was sup
plied by the settlors whom he brought to
California.
While en route to Round Valley Jrorn
Edon Valley to attend a etock rodeo on
I May 4, Father Jeram, in company with
[ T. J. Chase, a range rider in his employ,
! attempted to ford EM River, and the
priest was drowned. Subsequently a peti
tion for letters of administration on his
estate was hied by Public Administrator
Barkerof this county, and two days later
a similar petition was filed on behalf of A.
C. Freese, Public Administrator of the
City and County of $an Francisco, both
bsing set for hearing 10-day, ihs former at
this place and the latter at San Francisco.
In the meantime special letters had been
granted to the petitioners by the respec
tive courts in which their petitions had
been tiled, and both Freese's deputy and
Barker repaired to Eden Valley to tate
charge of the properly.
At the hearing before Jndge Mannon
this morning testimony was introduced
by the petitioner tending to show that
Jeram was at the time of his death a no
tary public in and for this county, as
well as Deputy County Clerk. The regis
ter of the Palace Hotel was introduced in
evidence, Jeram having on May 2 regis
tered his name and given his residence as
Eden Valley. Evidence of his occupation
of a room in the Eden Valley Hotel was
also introduced.
Although the opposition introduced no
evidence at the hearing, owing to the fact
that it claimed it was entitled to a con
tinuance, it is said that the ground of the
opposition is that after the collapse of the
colony scheme Father Jeram was called
to fill the po-ition of chaplain of the
Sacred Heart College at San Francisco in
February last, and that lie subsequently
changed his residpnee to that City.
Administrator Barker left for Eden
Valley this afternoon to take full charge
of t'.ib estate, which at this time consists
of about 10,009 acres ot land, 1200 cattle.
50 horses, a large number of ho<;s and
other property, the value of the whole
being estimated at $50,000.
Demand for Haifilngton Cattle.
TACOMA. Wash., May 17.— 1t ia esti
mated that four-fifths of the beef cattle in
Washington, Idaho and Oregon have been
shipped to Chic mo, the core States and
the ranges in Wyoming, Montana and the
Dnkotas since January 1. Buyers from
the corn Btates have been eagerly pur
chasing cattle to eat up their surplus
corn, and have taken advantage of the
necessities of the raisers, wlio have been
short of leed after a hard winter. Local
buyers are now unable to get cattle, ex
cept in small herds. It will take this
State rive years to reach its former pres
tige as a cattle producer. Prices of beef
have gone very high, and cattle and hay
are being imported by steamer from Cali
fornia.
SUISUN MERCHANT'S DEATH.
Moses Dinkelspiel, Ont of California's
First Settlers, Passes to the
Beyond.
SUISUN, Cal., May 17.— After a painful
illness lasting a little over two weeks,
Moses Dinkelspiel, one of the earliest set
tlers and most influential citizens of thu
county, passed away at 5:30 o'clock this
morning. Tne immediate cause of his
death was erysipelas, but he had been in
declining health for some time, and in
consequence his system was in no condi
tion to withstand the ravages of the
disease.
The deceased waa a native of Gem
mingen, Germany, and was born on Oct«
toter 1, 182 C. He came to America in
1848. In 1552 he came to California and
embarked in business with Bernard
Sweitzer, of the firm of Sweitzer & Co.,
of San Francisco, at Campo Seco, which
was then a bustling mining camp. In
1857 he sold out and went to San Fra
ncisco, remaining there nearly a year, and
ti en came to Suisun and in company
with Jacob Frans started a general
merchandise business. For nearly iorty
years he resided here and was prominently
identiiied with every public enterprise
and improvement in the vicinity. Poli
tically ha was one of the Republican
leaders of Solano County, which he rep
resented several times in State Conven
tion. During the '80's he served two
terms as Supervisor of Solano County and
promulgated a system of road building
which has been followed to great a d van .
tsge to the county up to the present time.
In the selection of a non-partisan board of
trustees for the State Normal School at
San Jose Mr. Dinkelspiel was appointed
by Governor Budd, which position he
held up to the time of his death. Among
other positions of trust which be held
was that of vice-president and director of
the Bank of Suisun and director of the
Suisun City Hotel Company. He was one
of the organizers and chartered members
of Suisun Lodge No. 78, I. O. O. F., in which
he retained his membership as well as
that in Suisun Loiitje No. 66 F. and A. M.
The deceased leaves a widow and six
children to mourn his loss. Among the
latter are ex- Assemblyman H. G. W.
Dinkelspiel of San Francisco and E. Din-
Kelspiel, editor of the Solano Republican.
The remains will be taken to San Fran
cisco to-morrow morning for interment,
and the funeral will be held under the
auspices of the Masonic lodge of Suisun.
NOT 'TWIXT DEVIL AND DEEP SEA.
This Oregon Man Found Himself Between
a Mad Bull and Two Wildcats,
but He Still Lives.
CATHLAMET. Or., May 17.— J.T. Lutes
of Skamokawa, while going on a vi:-u to a
neighbor two days ago, was chased by
a mad bull. Lutes took to the woods at
the edge of the pasture and climbed up ,
an o!d broken tree. The bull came charg- !
ing forward and commenced to butt furi
ously against the tree-trunk. Lutes, sit
ting expectantly on a dead branch, thought
he heard somelning inside the tree. He
climbed to the top of the stump, which
was hollow, and, peering down, was con
fronted by the blazing eyes of a couple of
wildcats.
"I realized like a flash," said Lutes in
relating his experience afterward, "that I
was between an infuriated bull and a brace
of wilucais — liable to be gored to death by
the one or clawed to dc.Vth by the other. I
would have traded position: witfc most any
one."
Suddenly Lutes remembered that he
hau a newspaper and some matches in
his pocket. To ignite the paper and
thrust it down the hollow center of the
tree was the work of an instant. The
scheme worKed like a charm. Terrified
by the smoke and flame, tne wildcats beat
ahasty retreat through a hole lower down,
springing straight for the bull. Tne lat
ter animnl, half crazed in t;:rn and bel
lowing furiously, dashed through the
meadow, Jons wildcat striking its claws
into his back, the other clinging to his
hams.
The fact that his flambeau had pet th&
tree on fire suddenly distractrd Lutes'
gaze from the animals, and he descended
and hastened homeward.
friend* Aid a I'ortland Kmbezxler.
PORTLAND, Ok., May 17.— Detective
Sam Simmons returned to-day from tho
East, whither he went in February to
capture C. F. Jewett, who a year ago
swindled banks here out of $25,000. Sim
mons says that the report stating Jewett
to be in the Grecian army wa< a canard
circulated by the embezzler's wealthy
friends in Boston to put American detec
tives off mis track. Negotiations are now
pending between Jowett's I'ortland vic
tims and his Eastern frieads for a settle
ment.
Small Catches of Seals.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 17.— An unoffi
cial report, wtrch can differ very little
from tha ollicial report of spring catches
of schooners engaged in sealing on this
coast, places the total catch at 4487, the
smallest in years. This is accounted for
by the rough weather encountered during
the season. Three vessels were lost — ihe
Maud S and Sapphire, the best schooners
of the fleet, and the Osprey. a smaller
vessel.
Portland Damage Suit,
PORTLAND, Or., May 17.— Marcus
Wolf of San Francisco, of the wholesa c
ciothing-tiouse of H. Wolf & Bros, here,
and who was recently acqnitted of the
charge of settinjr tire to the store last July,
to-day brought suit for $30,000 damages
against all the insurance companies hold
ing risks on the burnt stocfc and others
implicated in his prosecution.
kew to-bat:
"Generosity
isn't business,"
says one grocer.
"Judicious gener-
osity IS business"
says another and
supplies his cus-
tomers with extra
fine goods like
"Trophy" Baking
Powder and Till-
mann's Spices
and Extracts.
U2 TiUmana & BcndeJ, Mfri.
NEW CLOTHING. >;
iV ft fl? iff* Q* ' 9vC H *@fo
g. We regret sincerely that our Tariff Sale was brought " ''J ' "7>S
I to such an untimely end, but fire, over which no one can > .? 1
/j) guard, broke out in the premises overhead, and our place " a ,
a was thereby damaged. . i
|J Owing to the very heavy insurance we ■ carried and j j
' the many companies it was divided into we had no o^' I f
| difficulty in having the losses adjusted. ... - j
Consequently we have decided to give this insurance • \)
I the many companies it was divided into we had no >
difficulty in having the losses adjusted. \
Consequently we have decided to give this insurance )
@ money to you by reducing all clothing, no matter how ; >„■■
H ( slight the damage, in proportion to the amount of , g
insurance received on same. 'B
Xvvv^ W^V* Si
I WE WILL SACRIFICE ~| I
i All-wool suits as low as - $2,85 I
* All-wool pants as low as - .85 |
I All-wool vests as low as - .65 I
tf I Everything else in proportion. { |
B Now, do not come thinking you are going to get one '\ !f
I dollar values for five cents or you will be disappointed. j|
| What we are going to give you is one dollar's worth '«■
ij of clothing for about sixty-five, forty-five cents and . ft;
J thirty-five cents, according to amount of damage. '.• 1
i| First come, first served — remember. §
I (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS), I
S DIRECTLY OPPOSITB SAWSOMB. %l
I OPEN EVENINGS TILL 8 O'CLOCK. SATURDAY NIGHT TILL 10. |
34
PYTHIANS THRONG
HANFORD HOTELS
Many Come to Partake
of the City's Famed
Hospitality.
New Forms of Entertainment
to Be Provided for Them
Each Day.
Real Work of the Grand Lodge Will :
Begin With This Morning's
Session.
HANFORD, Cal, May 17.— Hanford is
now in full possession of the delegates to
the Knizhts ot Pythias Grand Lodge.
Every hotel in the city is crowded, and j
the uniforms of the members of the Uni
formed Rank enn be s-een at all hours of j
the day mingling with the civilian dress
Of the crowds mat throng the streets.
Hanford is prettily decorated in honor of
their coming. Along the main streets are
streamers and lines of bunting in red,
blue, gold and white, while at night
countless electric lights send out tueir
warm glow upon the sea of color.
The Grand Lodge organized to-day, but
the real work of the session will not begin
until 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. Tne
headquarters of the organization are at j
the Ahorn Hotel. The Uniformed Rank j
is encamped on Irwin street, hetvreen !
Porter and Ivy. There are forty tents in j
all and each has its full quota of occu- j
pants. The camp is laid out in triangular ;
lorra with a grand stand in the center, i
It is calied Camp McLauglilin, in honor j
of the grand chancellor of the Grand j
Ledge. The Rathbone Sisters are here in I
force, and their presence adds much to !
the pleasure of the meetin •.
Lobbying for some of the Gran'l Lodge
offices has already commenced, though I
Ihs real woric of the sees on has not vet j
commenced. Grand Vice-Councilor Grant j
of Woodland is it candidate to succeed P. j
F. McLanghlin as grand councilor.
The citizens of Han lord are doing ever3'
thinp in their power to make the stay of
the Pythians as pleasant ss possible. A
large number of the -;rand officers and del- |
elates arrived yesterday, and every rig ]
thet could be encaged at tiie local livery j
stabies was Lrongh: into requisition by the j
residents for use in showing thp visitrrs j
the sights cf interest in the vicinity. New i
form? of entertainment will beprovided
each day until the Grand Lodge adjourns
and its members depart.
TO SHUT OFF THE GAS.
The Supervisors Will Be Asked
to Substitute Arc
Lights.
A Superfluity "Which His Become a
Burden en the Business
Men.
Strenuous efforts will be made by the
retail storekeepers over": he greater portion
ol the übsiness center of the City to have
the Supervisors substitute arc lights for
the street lamps now in use all over the
City.
During the oast six months the retail
•torekeepers on the principal streets of
the City contributed out of their pockets
direct for a display of electric-lights ovar
the center of the streets.
The result of this experiment has proven
satisfactory to the merchants, as it
brought trade during the evenings, where
as when the streets were in a condition ot
eenii-darkncss, with a blurring gasjet
flickering ou the street crossing, peoiile
liesitated to go shopping, have on the
more lrtquented thoroughfares, such as
]\la.rket and Kearny streets.
Poik street beinc the pioneer in this
progressive movement, encouraged others
to ioliow, and all claim that business was
Tastly improved by ihe innovation.
The expense of this additional light was
borne by the storekeepers direct, except
on Third street, where the landlords went
in the pool. Tins aid was the idea of
Bernard Katschinski of the Philadelphia
shoestore, who argued that what bene
fited the storekeepers also benefited the
property-owners. His reasoning was that
property without uroducing an income
was useless to its owner, and if the busi
ness on a street improved the property
was worth so much more to its owner.
And now comes a united front urging
the substitution of electric lights on ail
the business sireets in the orincipal part
of the City, ana the same time the shutting
off of the street pas lamps on such streets
as mitv be lighted by electricity.
L. V. Merle, president of the Sixth
street Improvement Glut), 13 tfa enthusi
ast on this subject and lie will, with tho
members of hi 3 clud, urge such a move
before the Supervisors before the next ap
propriations are made for street lights.
John T. Sullivan, president of the Fourth
street Improvement Club, will co-operate
in this movement.
BJohn Hayden, the pioneer of the arc
Jicht movement on Ninth street, signifies
his intention to join any movement lead
ing to the substitution of electric lights j
for cas lamps ah over the City.
B. Katschinski, president of the Third- !
street Club, will call a meeting of his club i
in ihe near lutur*> for an expression of I
opinion from tbe members as a body. His !
own position on this subject is fully ex- I
pressed in a few words. He said :
"Let us turn on the light all over the
entire City. It wiil be cheaper in tne end
than the present .system of easligh', and
besides it will males .San Francisco pro
gressive and business-iik«. Gas for street !
light is fast as obsolete now as were oii I
lamps fifty rears ajro.
"Tne fcan Francisco people are liberal to
a fault. Just look at ;lie Balbon boule
vard; over $30,000 subscribed in a few
months. Again, ihe people want another
big park nnd a zoological collection
thrown in. "What we want is a Bo:;rd of
Supervisors to work in harmony with the
people. Gjv« them good s-treets and
plenty of lijjnt and in a few years the peo- j
pie will be astonished at them.-eives for re
maining so long behind tho age."
The Polk-street club's contract for
electric l:p hts for six months has expired,
end no steps have been taken to renew it,
as the merchants are hopeful that by Ilia
Ist of July the street wilt be lighted at
the expense of the taxpayers.
A similar opinion is entertained by
other clubs whose street-light contracts
are about to expire.
A determined movement will he made
to have tho Supervisors take action on
this matter nei; month.
WAS CHRIST A MYSTIC?
Mrs liesant's Lait Lecture Compares
Chrixtlanitv AVitli Theo«i<iphy— How
the ' avior Taught Ills Ajiostleg.
Mrs. Annie Besant wfta not erected last
night in Metropo.itan Temple with that
audience in point cf numbers to which
the merit of her lecture entitled her, but,
though small, it was intellectual, and,
Judging from the frequent applause, it
\vn-i weil developed thf-osophically.
Mrs. Bssant was attirjd in a loosely fit
ting robe of white silk. Her appearance
on the platform. was greeted with a round
of hand-clapping. Before beginning her
lecture she announced that the Brama
charm wouM remain here during the
summer and would give a series of lec
tures on tlieosophr.
There was nothing in theosophy, she
said, that was entirely new. This science
of the soul does not n quire men and
women to accept anything on faith, but
affjrJs its disciples every opportunity for
investigation. It had been «aid that the
masses found themselves confused by the
comilexityof theosophic teachings; that
it was fitted only for the educated classes,
and that in order to fit those two classes
the doctrine was divided into two parts,
esoteric and exoteric theosophy.
There was no idea duripg the early ages
of Christianity that all the most secret
truths of religion were to be thrown broad
cast without discrimination. The distinc
tion between public and secret teaching
was laid down by Christ, "Give not that
which is holy to the dogs, neither cftst you
your pearls "belore swine." The Jews used
this name 'Yogs" to apply to everybody
ou'sjde of the seed of Abraham.
Thus Jesus, when he spoke in public,
spoke in parables, and when the people
demanded an explanation he did not give
it to them, but he gave it to his apostles
when they were in private.
This custom of secret teaching was fol
lowed in the early days ot the Christian
church. Oij. r en says that Jesus gave a
very profound exphination of the parades
to those who had passed beyond the stage
of exoteric tenching, and it is claimed
that those explanations of Jesus were
handed down by word of mouth, and it is
said that the teachings which Christ gave
the apostles during the forty fays after
the resurrection were also hande-t down
by word of mouth.
These secret teachings were those wnich
enabled people to separate the soul from
the tody, to stand face to face with the
hisher grades of bring, to learn all those
inner verities, without which religion
loses its foundation, its strength and its
influence over the hearts and consciences
of men.
The speaker defined prayer as a com
mand unto the invisible world which will
be obeyed by tho-e intelligent beings who
catch the thought and tone of the prayer,
and will carry it to one who is charitably
disposed, when the prayer is for aid.
Prayer according to the theosophical Idea
is t lie upward aspiration of the soul to
God.
The ordinary Christian uses the terms
'soul" and "spirit" in the same sense.
But they are not the came. The Apostles
taught that man is the temple of God.
That also is the teaching of theo.-ophy.
Christ is the type of ttie developed soul
evolving life after lite until the soul has
reached its manhood, and here theosophy
nnd Christianity teach exactly the same
thing. Theosophy teaches that the soul
is to unite with the spirit and by uniting
there will be union with God, which every
reiision has taught. Christ prays that his
disciples may become one in him and he
one in us.
The speaker closed with an allusion to
incarnation and the deeper truths of theos
ophy.
TO PEOLIO ON THE HILLS.
Fruit and Poultry Dealer*' Association
Will ricnic at Sunset Park.
The Fruit and Poultry Dealer*' Associa
tion, which has been but a little more
than a year and a half in existenc?, and
has grown to be one of the strongest, most
successful and most popular organiza
tions of the Ci'y, is making arrangements
for its second annual picnic, to be held on
Sunday, May '23, at Sunset Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains.
The members of the committee in charge
o: the arrangements are working "like
H. B. Zamfeelli, President of the
Fruit and Poultry Dealers'
Asscci ation.
! beavers" to make this the most enjoyable
and orderly picnic ot the sea«on. I.i their
arduous labor they are helped by the con
ceded fact that last year their first picnic
at San Jose, which was attended by over
2800 persons, was the most c uecessful ex
cursion that ever went out of the City. On
that occasion so per.ect were the arrange
ments t:;at not a single eccident hap
pened to mar the pleasure of the panici
pants.
A grand tombola for over 2fX) prizes will
be conducted. Places, games and a tusr-of
war are being arranged and several r.ovel
! ties are being introduced, so as to give
! ainnsement 10 young and old. Music will
I be furnished by the famous Devincenzi's
band of twenty pieces.
The committee of arrangement, while
inviting all to partic.pate, reserves the
i right to exclude from the grounds all dis
orderly persons and gives formal notice
that objectionable conduct will not bs
tolprated.
The boat leaves the foot of Market
street (narrow ganee) at 9:15 A. M. ; re-
I turning:, will leave Sunset Park at 6 p. m.
Following ar«* the officers of the associa
tion: H. B. Zimbelli. president; Frank
: Galli, vice-president; F. Curtoni, ireas
urer; executive committee— l. Witt, T. A.
Burns, L. C. Cull, P. Zamraet, M. Canepa.
NORWEGIANS CELEBRATE.
They lommemornte the Eighty-! hlrd
Anniversary of Their Independence.
The Norwegian Society of this City last
evening celebrated the eighty-third anni
versary of its independence from the
Danish yoke. Union-' quare Hall was the
scene of the demonstration, and it wai
handsomely decorated for the occasion.
Flap?, artistically made of roses, corn
! flowers and white clover, swayed here and
ihere against backgrounds of lilies and
fern-, the ensemble Deing very sinking
The address of welcome by President M.
S. Moe was tho initial event on the pro
jriamme. He was foilowe 1 by an address
by Secretary George lieinemnnn, entitled
j "The Day We Celpbrnte"; "Norway," by
H. Grouchier, and "America," by Consul
Lund.
At the conclusion of the exercises the
members of the society were banqueted
anil later concluded the celebration in a
aar.ee, which lasted until the early hours
of the morning.
The fac-slmile SI? SZfj^cu— is °* every wrapper
ligature of \+ut/t/%7cu!£iMA jtf CASXOKU, #
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY IS, 1897.
PLEASURE MARRED
BY AN ACCIDENT
Delegate Horton of the
Conductors' Order
Loses a Foot.
Falls From the Platform of an
Excursion Coach Near
Los Angeles.
<
Business Session's of the National
Convention Are Drawing to a
Close.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 17.—
business sessions of the conductors' con
vention were resumed to-day and the
pleasure of the visitors who are not dele
gates continued uninterruptedly. The
routine this afternoon was varied by the
presentation of an elegant silken banner
to the Grand Division 38 a token from the
Los Angeles conductors. The guerdon
was given by W. D. Perkins, delegate of
Los Angeles Division No. 111. with an ap
propriate speech, to which Grand Chief
Conductor £. E. Clark made a happy re
sponse. The pleasing incident took up
but a few minutes of the time of the con
vention, and weightier matters were again
considered.
Over 400 of the visitors to-day made a
trip around (he kite-shaped railway, stop
ping fifteen minutes at Rediands and two
hours at Riverside, where they weregi7en
a drive on Magnolia avenue and hospita
bly treated by citizens.
As the train was coming back to this
city this evening the first unpleasant in
cident of the convention occurred. While
passing Ballona Junction, M. J. Horton,
a memoer of Los Angeles division, was
standing on the platform of a coach when
his hat was blown off by the wind. Mr.
Horton, in trying to catch the nat, lost
his balance and fell to the track. His left
foot was caught by a wheel and cut off at
the ankle. The unfortunate man was
brought to the Sisters Hospital in this
city, where he is resting in care of his wife
and brothers of the order. The accident
cast a gloom over the excursionists.
To-morrow a large crowd will go to San
Diego, a $1 round trip rate being made for
the conductors. A great many of the
Eastern visitors are counting on having a
good time visiting San Francisco on their
way Dome. A large party started for the
north by the regular train this evening,
and more will follow to-morrow, after the
business of the convention is concluded.
The Lilies' Auxiliary had a business
meeting to-day, but it was not largely at
tended, most of the delegates being out
with the excursion party. As one result
of this biennial meeting of the auxiliary
more divisions are to be formed in this
State before th 6 next meeting, two years
hence, the purposes of the organization
havng been put forward in a way to con
vince conductors' wives of the urgency of
their co-ope ation in the work.
It being a foregone conclusion that the
present officers of the conductor*' order
are to be re-.-lecied, the only contest ex
pected at to-morrow's business meeting
will be over the choice of a , city to be
honored by the "ext convention of the
order. Either St. Paul or Detroit will win
the prize.
The long-delayed Pennsylvania special,
with about 400 passenger* on board, has
succeeded in running the blockade near
El Paso and started westward at 2 p M.
to-day. It' is expected that the train will
arrive here between 5 and 6 r. m. to
morrow. Aboard are a number of promi
nent railroad officials who were once con
ductors and yet retain their membership
in the order. They will be met by the
brethren here witn great manifestation of
joy, which may soothe the feelings of the
passengers who had so dreary a time at
El Paso.
O.ie vcrv important subject to be dis
posed of in the business meeting of the
Grand Division to-morrow will be a three
sided contest over the location of head
quarters of the order of Railway Con
ductors. The general offices of the order
are now and have for years been at Cedar
Rapids, lowa, but the conductors have for
some time felt 'the desirability of re
moving to some larcer city. Chicago and
Cleveland are offering inducements to
have the headquarters removed to those
cities, and the contest in the convention is
expected to be lively.
It is said that delegates representine
Chicago's interests have come with a cer
tified check for $100,000 to be given to the
order to secure the location of head
quarters in that city, though the condi
tion! regulating the gift are not now
known. Cleveland wants the prize so
badly that an inducement of several
years' free rent i* offered, and the banks
there offer to pay 4 per cent interest on
the daily balances of the order's financial
account. As the monthly balance of the
insurance department amounts to from
$25,000 to $40,000, the matter of interest
on deposits cuts quite a iicure. The
banks at Cedar Kapids cannot afford such
interest.
Tne fact that Cedar Rapids is a small
city is against it, in the opinion of the
conductors who favor either Cleveland or
Chicago. The ( headquarters of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers are
at Cleveland, and that is another point in
favor of that city.
ADDS FJIiBJUIiI TO BIS CRIME.
Petition Agent Cha§e I'nrer.d to Admit
That lit A'troro Faliely.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 17.— A pen
sion agent who has been known here as
Captain M. Chase is proved by his own
confession to have borne the names of
Fitzgerald and Wilson and served a term
in the Nevada penitentiary for felony.
He is being tried in the Federal court for
extorting higher fees than allowed by
law.
On the witness-stand several days ago,
in reply to a question as to whether lie
had over served a term in prison or bore
any other name, Chase cave a negative
answer. Finding that, the prosecution
had secured bis record Chase to-day went
upon the witness-stand to correct his pre
vious testimony, and he admitted his ex
perience in the Nevada prison. Ex-Gov
ernor Frank Bell, Warden of the peniten
tiary in Nevada, was brought to Los
Angeles by the Government to show that
Chase was in prison there for forgery.
Whan the defendant saw Bell In court he
weakened aDd tried to explain his denial
but it ceme too late to do him much good*
Vuman l-.nHtlrtl to Mesclcnn l.nml.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 17.— Asent
Estudilio of the Mission Indians, who
was hera to-day fiom San Jacinto, has
just made a personal investigation of u.e
complaint of Mexican Minister Romero,
who had petitioned the Interior Depart
ment at Washington to order the removal
of certain Yunia Indians from Mexican
to American soil. The allegation against
the red men was that they were trespass
ers upon Mexican soil. "Estudilio rinds
that the Indians nolJ Jnnd patents sfgned
by Mexican Governor San Quenaz many
yearn aco, and they refuse to leave. The
tribesmen have lived on botu sides of the
Colorado Tor n long time, and 'here seems
to be no Jetral w.iy to make them leave.
These rinding* linve been tent by the Mis
sion agent to Washington.
Jffodj«*r>n hait Jtteovering.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 17.-Mme.
Helene Modje^ka expects soon to be able
to reappear on the staje. She came to
this city on Saturday evening irorn her
country place, Arden, in Orange County,
to attend a periormance by Otis Skinner,
who was for several seasons leading man
in her company. Count Bozentn, who
en me up with the Madame, feels very
much encouraged over her improved con
dition.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The rrogrammn That Him Been Ar
ranged for the Celebration of
Koynl Arcanum Day.
The all-absorb nz topic among the local
members of this order just at this time is the
twentieth anniversary celebration of the
founding of the order, which event will be
observed this year In a particular and some
what elaborate manner, if indications count
Jor anything.
Early in April the movement for a celebra
tion was set on foot and a general committee
composed of members from all the councils
was appointed, Argonaut Council and Go den
West of this City being among those who wero
early identified with it.
Tne local committee of arrangements have
now completed all their plans, and on the
evening of May 20 the order will observe the
Royal Arcanum anniversary in Native Sons'
building, this City.
Souvenir programmes from special design
will be issued to all who may desire them.
Over 2000 invitations have already been dis
posed of, and everything points to a large at
tendance.
The programme will consist of nn overture
by select string and brass band; remarks,
"Welcome," Regent Gcorne W. Dixou; bary
tone solo, Mr. Grodgens; soi:g, selected. Mny
Clover; address -'The Royal Arcanum,"
Colonel J. J. Tobin; tenor solo. Professor
Oglesby; fancy dances, little Kosa tioldy,
after which the floor wi il be cleared for danc
ing. Hat and co.ik rooms, without charge,
have bjen provided for guests, and every
effort is promised toward a pleasant eveninj.
Old Fri«nd*' Day
The installation of the officers of the Society
of Old Friends, elected on the 12th, will take
place on the evening of the 26th Inst. The
society will give a clambake at Bausmito next
Sunday and the baking of the clams will be
looked after by Charley Dexter.
Golden Gate Lodge of the P. B. O. I .
The society which is known by the nance of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 0, P. B. O. E. (incorpo
rated) will give an entertainment and ball in
Oda Fellows' Hall 10-morrow evening in aid of
its charity fund. The committee that has
charre of tiii-; Junction announces that it has
prepared an interesting programme.
Liibel Trials Postponed.
The second charge of libel pending agninst
Frederick Marriott, edi;or of the News Letter,
has been set down for trial on the 27th inst.
At the samo time the libel cases against
Thomas S. Williams Jr., George B. Connnt,
Benjamin Lucy, A. L. ( asavan. F. H.Qualman,
A. P. Kendall and T. H. McCarthy will be
called. In view of the fa-^t that the strongest
case ol the lot was conceded to be the first
charge against Editor Marriott, and as he was
triumpnantly acquitted, therj ssems to be no
possibility of securing a conviction. It is
pr<->Dable tiiHt District Attorney Rarnes -will
decide to spare the City's treasury and will
order d^mii-sal of the suits now pending.
Be Mysterious Echo
: .
Don't ever get weak, for if you do
you may be the victim of the Myste-
rious Echo. There is a certain class
of men who begin by having ringing
sounds in the ears. This is followed
by peculiar noises in the head, and
then comes thei Mysterious Echo. '
This echo is unlike the mountain, ■
echo, for the" noise is entirely
changed. Men who have lived lives
of recklessness, of dissipation or of
abuse soon find themselves in a con-
dition of weakness that is indeed
horrible. Besides the noises in the
head, the spots before the eyes, the
steam-like vapor that goes through
the body, the sweats of night, the
lost unmanly visions, and the first
break of day brings this poor fellow
to his senses. He realizes at last
that having misused himself, he has •
wrecked his manhood. •
To such men a reliable treatment is
offered by the greatest known doc-
tors. This treatment cures all those
conditions which ultimately lead to
complete failure .of manhood, to
premature conditions, to impotency.
HUDYAN'is a great remedy-treat-
ment, and it will do for you just
what you want. You should consult
the Hudson Medical Doctors about
HUDYAN. No one else can give
you HUDYAN, or you may write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sfcs.
BLOOD POISON— The first, second-
BLOOD POISON— or tertiary
BLOOD POlSON— forms of Blood j
BLOOD POlSON— Poison is shown
BLOOD POISON— in copper-colored
BLOOD POlSON— spots, falling
» BLOOD POISON— etc.
When in this condition let the Hudson
Doctors use their 30- Day Cure. It is
certain. Circulars Free.
MADE ME A MAN
S&&. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ft/ ""I ZMaetwe*-Failing Mem-
H-f *1 orjr, Ira potency. Sleeplessness, eto y caused
V tX\ by Abuse or other Excesses and India-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
■A. LI. Iferv ous Diseases— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, eto., caused
by Abase or other Exceeses ana Indin-
oretionß, They quickly and surely
\ """'•7 restore lost Vitality in old or young, and
- lit a man for study, business or marriage. I
HP* .' r *afc» Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken intime. Their nee shows immediate Improve-
ment and effects a CURB where nil other fail In-
■lst upon oaring the genuine Ajaz Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will cure you. Wo give n pos-
itive written (raarantee to effect a cure Eft pTQ in
each case or refund the money. ■ Price VU W I wi per
package; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.60. By
mail. In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
"*•■ AI A V REMEDY CO., » nuarbom St.,
nJAA K,C,I\XCUm \*\J-t Chicago, lit
For sale In San Francisco by Owl Drug Co., 1128
Market; Leipnltz&Co., 250 butter: No I'errt-ntagß
I'hurrnns.-, 95 3 Market, and Geo. Dahluender <fc
Co.. 214 Rearny st.
_f_n______f WILCOX COMPOUND
flthe only rellnDl* r«m»le regulator
SB Never Fall*. Sold by druggist*. 82.00
__D_T Seii'l 4c. for Woman's Safecnard.
JLWWILOOI MEDICAL 00.228 B.B«hSt,Pkat,P>.
liiljh Into petals PHI?
Are Hcknowledjeil by thousands of - personi who
hay«» us -d them for over forty years 10 cure
8 CX HKADACHE.UIDDIJJKSS Cu.NsITPA-
TIO.n, j orpid Liver, Weak stomach, Plrapteaaad
purify the b;ooi. •
Crossman's Specific Mixturs
i : With tnls remedy persons can cure ■ themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change In application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that la of the least injury to (be
constltutlou. AsHyour uru#gl_t tor U. filte, *1
.a bott.e. ■ .
jf^^lft^
BARTLETT_SPRiMS!
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
eWIMMING TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
Baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orches- !
tra plays daily; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
915 per week; housekeeping cottages, $2 50 to
$0 per week.
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
... - , nn^PT
Pip VENDOME
ir^^T" ■$»■'-' r I ill II I II I i
ffjMyjgs»sgfeJ ■ I.JJIIJJUIUJJ
' — San Jose, Cal.
rnHIS BKAUTrFUL HOTEL 18 TOO WELL \
J. and favoiab!y known to requirp extended men-
tion here m a charming summer resort, cess- ]
lble, homelike, and ever- department In willing
and (iliclent hands. Write for rates and Illus-
trated bouveuir.
GEO. P. BXFJ.I,,
Manager.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CKUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort. ■
located in a flowering slope from the besch.
Unsurpassed view or ■• ■ - j
teach, Bay and Mountain*.
SALMON FISHING. i • '.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music i
Keasonable' Rates. . . ' .
, J  ■ For t rms addreis .
JOHN T. SUL I.IVAN, Manager.
It. §>j^tuy9?> : Col.
U CALIFORNIA'S MOST KNJOVABLE "RE-
sorl"; noted for its Curative Powers of th»
springs. Best * <i v . {> •-<! Mineral Baths in Lake Co.
liutes to suit all. Also finest fauilltle* for camp-
Inc. For particulars anplv to F. MAKTEN-*.
Prop.. Bachior I*. 0., Lake County, Cal., orin San
I-ranclsco at 416 Pine st. KKA..K A. BU.-SE.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma Co., 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
- Grandest scenery. Tie hotel an enchanting em-
bowered home. .New Bathhouse, Tennis-court, e:c.
NATURAL STEAM AMD MiM-KAI.
BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. New and Inviting trails to
interesting points. Table un«urpas<ed.
, ■■■■■■ 3. B. HUBTU.N, Manager.
XEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRIXGS.
LAKE COUNTY,
TIKE GREATEST HEALTH-GIVING WATER
J. In America, Speclflo lor al stomach, liver,
kldnev and bladder tronb c?. New hotel, new
management. Terms. $S to $10 per week. For
particulars address W. K. Mc.XtVtRN, Kelsey-
Vllla Lake ( 0.. or DR. McOOVKKN, 1577 Fol-
soni street, San FrancHro.
iiAiiißnn springs.
nUlfflllftJ ii iah p. 0..
nVlffillll LAKK COUNTY,
TTNDEIt THE ABLE SUPERVISION OF ME&
U I- K. H. BEKB '. Accommodations Rtriet.y
nr.tt-class.' Bates $10 *n<l *12; specl*l terms to
Jamil os. P. U. and telephone. Kcuud trip SlO. S.
V. office, 613 Market st. Addresi
J. WALLACE SPADLDINO, Mgr. v
LAUREL DELL,
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAURELDELL
Lake; new dining-room, new liv stable. it
| is now one of the most attractive outing places In
I Lake County. Hales »8 to $12 per wee*. Boating
and bathing free B:inoour bathing suits. Ad-
dress H. WAMBOLD, liertha P. U., LaVe Co.. Cal.
UK lAH STABLES.
Wn. ' MILLKR. PROPRIETOR, STATE
• street, adjoining Palace Hotel. Stage for
Blue Lakes. Lnmel i;eil, Sara oca Spiings, Upper
Lake and Vichy .-prints. Best of car« taken of
transient stock. Good wagons for commercial
men and tourists, j
SIMMER BOARD, SWA CRUZ MTS.
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELK-
»iant climate, fli«hlng, bunting and scenery;
low price. of "W. T. TRt>atßLY, Gilroy.
Term* of W. T. TB»MBLY, Gilroy.
ALPINE HOUSE.
FISHING AND HUNTING MEADQUAR-
ters: livery stable connected: in the vicinity of
Biff Basin: streams alive with trout: mounta'ns
full of game. Write McABKE & iiOiSTAUUK,
Boulder Creek. Mama Cms i. ounty.
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
1 A MILES FROM UKIAIL ! FINK FISHING
1 4 and h-ntln-. Baths iree. Water sure cure for
rheumatism «rd all stein diseases. Kound trip.
$9 SO. Board, $7 per week. J. H. ORR, Orr Post-
olllc.-, Mendocino County, Cal. .
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN TIIK HEART OF THE -ASIA CRUZ
1 Mountains: board from $7 to $10 a weeic;
campers' return lic-et »2 00. »-'en i for circular to
. M. H. COX, Laurel, Cal.
GLENBROOK,
ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RESORTS
In ■ the state." Fine scenery, hunting and tlsh-
ing. Excellent Üble. For circular* and further
intormction address O. W. K. TREDU'AY, Ulen-
orook. Lake County, Cat.  ___________________
AURORA SPRINGS HOTEL.
; CLOVEKDALE, SONOMA COUNTY: FIRST-
<\J class hunting: and tront streams; fresh milk,
butter, egg« and vegetables; ; cents If desired:
terms $7 per ween. Address D. T. OILLIaM,
Cloverdale. -■.■*:■■•-■: ■■: ' ': ' • >■';■ -.'".-
BURUNGAME.
m HIS SPA E RESERVED FOR THE RED-
■i. In _ ton Place. • Address; ■
• IRAO HOITT.
: - . - JSarlimrame, Sun M»teo County Cm.-
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.;
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR |
New hotel erected this spring. Lighted by Elec-
tricity, finest dining- room north of tan Fran-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs in
America. Waters unsurpassed . lor health or
; pleasure. Bathing, boating, hunt in; and fishing;
swimming lank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowltnjj, etc
TAKK RT'UKATPIETA, SHORTEST AND
BEST P.OUTK TO ALL POINTS IN .LAKE CO.
Kound trip from San Francisco $8.
Kates $10 to $1(5 per Week.
> J. CRAio. Manager.
B. F. Oflice— 3l6 Montgomery st.
HAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's l'ainom Mountain Spa !
JCOOfeet Bbove Napa Valley, ciimau nn^nr-
psssetl. Views magnificent. . Table supplied from
orchard »nd ocean. Held and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostofHce.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croqaat,
•wloga and hammocks. Mas and running water in
every 1 room. Re -t for asthmatics. WARM
; WATER SWIMMING TANK. An Ideal sum-
! mer resort, children's paradise; mothers' de-
j llgat; husbands' ten. Address
ANDREW JACKSON,
Kapa Soda Sprtnz* ¥■ O.
m 1 BGBI HI 18^ health,rest,plea»-
-' ore, rllmato, accommodation^ scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
batns, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, ma*,
ecge treatment,, hunting and fishing, children'!
playground, croquet and dance hall for. families.
Faralso stan>'s unsurpassed la the >tate. Plenty
enjoyment for young: and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, ■■ Ban Francisco, 8:15 a. m. •
daily, for Boledad; .Return-trip ticket. »8- Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and ' Postofllee. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements tot
lbt»6, address K. KOHKHTaUA', Manager.
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Bay, situated on C ear La<<e, is most pic-
turesque.- Spring is famoui for the vast volume
of delhious sotla water. Hunting, fishing, boating
and awlmnilnic are unsurpassed anywhere. Tne
table Is suppled with the very best, the market
affords, and the comfort and welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Dally stage from Pleta to
Soda Bay direct. Fore from San Francisco *5 50;
round trip $10.
F. B. HL TH. proprietor. Soda Bay, Kelsey-
vllle. Lake County, Cal.
All II ft ft /> I HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
V M II I IV' l '° • only 4Vz hours from
■* 14 all |I|\ Sun Tanciico, and but 8
VIinUUV miles' staging. Waters
noted lor their medicinal virtues and gen»r.tlly
conceded to be the finest natural bath water In tue
Mate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
tcenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express; well-stocked trout streams. Kound trio
from San Francisco only $5 60. lake '1 iburon
ferry at 7:30 a m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, *2 a day
or $12 a week.
J. F. MPLGKKW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COIINIY.
DELIGHTFUL \V ATr:KING-PLACK IS
1 located iv the mid-t of the coast Rauee.
Abnndanr* of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming-tank 'of mineral
water, tine stone dining-room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good tront-Hshlng and hunting. Kound-trip tick-
ets at 8. P. Offices, $ 10.
. JOHN BPAULOING, Proprietor.
SPRINGS.
rVIHERE IS HEALING IN THE WATERS
J. (for Rheumatism, Malaria, Nervousaes», Uvs-
pep. la. Diabetes,' etc.); there Is life in the air;
swmiujluE tank, tub and steam baths; fine note:;
amusements. Kates, $10 to $14. 'lake 7:30 a. m.
Southern Pacific train tor St. Helena; stage con-
nects at 10.80 a. m. Unlimited round-trip tickets
$7. Particulars at 318 Battery st., or of W. L.
MITCHELL, Lide'.l Po*tofflca, Napa County, Cal.
HOTEL ROWARDEi IAN,
rpHE PICTOP.ESQUE SPOT OF BEN LO-
L MOND, in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Now
hotel and rustic cottages, confining 60 rooms,
ALL HAKD FINISHKU, with large closets.
Two tennis court* and bowling a.ley. Bulldlncs,
grounds and river lighted by electricity, Annie
it' ri v r forb>a;ing. Hound trip tickets. S3 For i
particulars address THOS. L. BELL, Proprietor,
lieu Lomond, al. • -■ .
PLANTATION HOUSE.
-I Q MILES FROM. CAZADEKO, ON STA«E
lOllne. Good trout rl tiling, plenty fruit, cream
and mills; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand red wool scenery. Address J. LUT-
TRINGtR, seaview, Sonoma Co., or apply K.
KKL'SK. 207 Front St., S. b.. for particulars.
LAUREL GLEN FARM
FINK SPRING WATER; PL 1 - KTY OF ILK,
J; cream. fruit and home comforts. For particu-
lars address MKS. V. ST t'UL.N'KAUCH, box 189,
.Nit 1 1». Cal. .
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
n MILKS FIIOM SAI'A CITY, ON MOUNT
Veder; elevation 155 ft feet: mountain sprint
water; rice scenery: healthy climate: a postive
cure lor asthma. Address MX«. A. F. ALLEN,
Napa City. , .■■■,■ . -
PALACE HOTEL, HUB.
TTEADQUARTER9FOK TOURISTS ANU
.IX lomruetclal men. Free bus and baggage to
and from all trains. .
BLYTHEDALE.
WILL FORMALLY OPJEX MAY lE. <
...... .JIBS GREGG.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
FAVORITE RKSOKT OF THE Sl' ATE: THE
water is unexcelled for medicinal purposes;
table unsurpassed: fine finning an I hunting: stane
daily from i. alistoga direct to springs: round trip
at routtiern-- Pacific olhces ' $10. DX. W. H.
PKATHEK. Adam Springs, '
WHITE OAK FARM,
"VTEAR CLOVERDALE; SPECIAL ATTKX-
-Li tlon >lven totahle; terms $7 per week. For
particulars address W. XL JIIATT, Cloverdale, C»L
SMTA CITALWI ISLAND!
SEASON OF 1897.
Greatest Attractions in the West.
Charming cllmite, wonderful natural attrnc-
tloiiH, famous fishing and wild goat shooting. The
new acenlc ride f rum the ocean 10 Middle Kanch.
Splendid coaches, famous Western drivers. De-
lightfui coast excursions. Novel ou'.door sports.
Uiand concerts every day. Dancing. Pyrotechnic
displays, wa'.er Carnivals, eta
■. Hotel Metropole always open, remodeled and
enlarged, new addition, elegant rooms with private
baths. Grand ballroom, etc., ready this season.
Island Villa opens Ju y 1.
lull Information, rates and illustrated pamphlets
Wilmington Transportation Co.,
222 5. SPRING ST., LOS ANQ:LES CAL.
C. H. JORDEN. Room 571, 1 arrott Bldg.
Telephone Mint 1 >85. ■ '
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTT KB VALLEY.
First-Cl»8« in Every Respect.
E. f. HOLKROOK, PROPRIETOR.
Kates. $7 per week. Hath and all modern con-
venieuce.s in connection with hotel. ! '
" MOXTE VISTA."
THIS MOST POPULAR RESORT IN THE
"Sierra I lues' opens June 1 and is reached by
four a ail train*. Send lor descriptive circular to
JiRS". C K. KINNEY, Monte Vista, Dutch Flat
station, Cal.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
HAVE YOU CHOSKN A PLACE FOR THE
summer outing? Have you thought of Ben
Lomond. 1 i Santa Cruz Mountains? It Is beauti-
ful, hea t litnl. accessible Land and homes for
sale. Houses, cottages and camping site* for rent.
I Write or call BEXJ. LLOYD, i en Lomond, CaL
AGUA CALIKNTK SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley— 2 hours from 8 I l '., via Tlbu-
ron Ferry, Warm mineral swimming and ■ tuo
baths. Hotel wrap etely remodeled and refur-
nished. Wu cr.K<-s. electric belle. Ka es $10to$lJ
per \veelc,sJ perd»y. Address AGUA UALIENT.fi
SPKI.NUL-, AKiia Callente, Sonoma County, Cal.
Jl HAN.M>BK':n, FAMOUS MOUNTAIN',
'} health and plr.-a.su resort in the miast of the
Napa redwoods; eievation 1200 feet; relief fir
asthmatics; invigorating mountain sir; lawn t»n-
nU. croquet find bo" ling alley ; fishing, hunting,
bouing and swimming; $7 to $10 d<t week ; re-
ductions to families, bend for circulars to W.
MXI Z, Napa, Cal.
KM) WOOD P.ETKEAT — "IN A QUIET
XV little noolc by (he babbling crook"; In the
I Santa Cruz Mountains, 9 rales from Gilroy; c od
t»bie, • climate, scenery, etc.: large s»-;mmine
hath: terms low. Address 'C. is;: SA^pifiltS A
SONS, Gilroy, Cal. . , , . ji
OOD BOA ON RANCH, SUBURBS OF
a istosa: plenty fresh eggs, butter, chickens
and milk: $6 and $7 week; hot miner* 1 baths free,
MBS. J. MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. NapaCo.,CaU
AT BKLM"NT, >AN .■ ATEO COUNTY:
board for summer months; private family ;
beam ful grounds, large rooms; 3 minutes from
station, 1 hour from city.
NDEP.SO.V SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY,
open May 10: telephone connections; write
for circular. Address J. ANDEKSo.s". Middletown.
CYPKKSSLAWN' FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J be; home comfort* f. H. EPLEY, box 289,
Napa, Ca!.
RESORT CIRCULARS. CARDS OR SIGNS;
cheap rates. 11 ILL, -JIM/., (Jeary st . 8. F.
• WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TfcUJ
•A. WEEKLY CALL. In wraaner. for malUnjt
THE
WEEKLY
C^LL
W It Publishes the Cream of th«
~) News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
jj ORIGINAL FEATURES.
OC IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
-J PAPER ON THE
~J PACIFIC COAST
Jj The Best \ / Mining
°a Telegraphic \/ News That
ex Service on /\. Is Accurate
01 The Coast / \& up to date
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Fak'y, and Not a Line of
L) it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Champion of
) Thoughtful. , 1 ruth.
D A aurORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
2 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
HOME MAIL, $1.50
C< INDUSTRIES AYEAR.^^vl':
p( THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
BR.MQNDLTY.
'ITTIS KNOWN and rkliable Ol.lt
_l bpevlallstctar* Private,N>rvous,KU>odHiid Skin
Disease* of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-•o years HTperience. Rend for Book, free. : Patients
cured i. lt i lomi> - Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
naiiv;6:.-»toB.:»ev'KS. Sundnys, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and SKcredlyconfldential. \ ChII or address
I*. KOSCOE WoNUIiTT.' M. »., '
20.^ Koaiiiy Street, San franclwu. C«l.
gS3»DR. HILL'S RBUnfIfIOKATOI.
Bjy^MW H'» hundred rewn.rU lor any ca»»™-»
■'E ■■ J. ft cno:^-.iro. THIS SECKKT HKML-
MM _H cu , rei Emissions, I°mpoiencv*V'_ r l l e i
mJm l{ L n% BloOj blneaSL ' " : all «a, [«
SfflKM "ffecti of -elf-.\ba,9 or _«*" ?.'
BOTTLKB, B"a.efl. *_> tS cure in, luuli
fiOTTUCS, *5: RUaranceed tS cure any i_l^
;.,.. , JDK. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTIfL.'!^
aii Oakland, c_LA SCORE OF
HEADS IN
THE BASKET
Supervisors Make Sweep
ing Changes at the
City Hall.
RAINEY'S MEN TURNED
OUT.
Twenty One Democrats and One
Republican Received the
Piums.
HASKINS' ANTI-CIGARETTE OB
DIN ANCE.
He Would Totally Prohibit the Sale
of the Insidious Ro'ls— The
Eoni Vv. s Insufficient.
Sam Rainey, the Bush-street boss, re- |
ceived a jolting yesterday at the bands of i
the Board of Supervisors that has thrown ;
. bis camp into confusion and his frightened !
and astonished followers are wondering \
who next will pay the penalty for having
marched under his banner.
It has been rumored for several days
that a new combination had been formed
in the board by tak ng in members who
hod heretofore been undecided and it was
expected that changes would follow, but
few were piepared for the general house- ]
Cleaning that was inaugurated. Some of '
the outs were innocent of all knowledge i
of their danger until the board was |
actually in session, and then they left their
posts to try to stave off their dismissal, |
bat in vain.
The combination had but one active j
opponent and he talked and tried to block j
the proceedings more because he wanted j
to go on record and get a chance to pour j
hot shot into those who were turning his
friends out than for any other reason. In
ali twenty-two of the men appointed by
the present board soon »f.er going into i
office were sent out into the cold world j
jobless, and twenty-two others were made j
triad by being placed in positions to live '<
off public pap. The hatchet traveled i
from Police Court, prosecuting attorneys
and clerks to janitors and elevator nun.
The only active opponent to the
changes was Supervisor Briti, who said ;
that good Democrats had been appointed ;
originally and ought to be allowed to re- ;
main. He prolonged the proceedings in !
every possible way by motions, amend- !
ments, substitutes and other subterfuges j
until ruled oft of order by Mayor Phelan j
on the ground that he was intentionally j
*-^-l:<y:n{. matters and without good reason. ,
He "was feebly supported by Supervisors j
Clinton and Morton, tut the macnine had i
its way, and aside from an occasional '
chance where a personal friend or obliga
tion was involved Supervisors Devany, j
Haskins, Deianey. Sheehan, Dodge, Lack- |
man, Rottanzi, Smith and Rivers voted j
together and created vacancies by letting
out the following:
Charles J. O'Callagan, Prosecuting Attorney
01 Police Court 3, by a vote of 10 to 2.
John Foley. clerk of Police Court 2, vote 9 '■
to 3
Joseph P. Hayes, clerk oi Police Court 3, j
vote 9 to 3.
Thomas J. Terrell, clerk of Police Court 4,
vcte 7 ;o 4.
■ Charles Parent, assistant clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, vote 7 to 5.
Joseph Quinn. janitor License Collector's !
effice, vote 9 to 2.
David W. Cronin, janitor of the Recorder's
Office, vote 9 to 2
M. F. Flaherty, janitor of the Superintend- j
ent o: Streets' office, vote 9 to 2.
John E Kelly, janitor of Departments 2 and
7 of the Sunerior Court, vote 9 to 2.
Martin O'Brien, janitor District Attorney's
cflic?, vote 8 to 1.
Johu Murphy, janitor Justice Court, vote 9
. to 1.
John McCabe, night watchman of the City
Hall, vote 7 to 2.
James Brennan, gardener in Union square,
vote 8 to 1.
FOOD COFFEE.
A LITTLB HORSE
Seme and It Lands Home.
If a man would give his high-bred horse
day after day a coucoction to drinK that
was a certain detriment to digestion, and
t.'iat slowly poisoned the stomach, liver
and nerves, he would be considered a
detin.te fool by all knowers. Some men's
bodies are worth as much as that of a
good horse. In the isolated cases where
tli.s fact seems clearly established it
would be the part of good, cool judgment
and plain, every-day common-sense to
give such a body as fair treatment as one
would to the horse, particularly when it
is remembered that with a good physical
body kepi in health and strength man can
do thing-'.
There is quite as great a contrast be-
tween the worth of a well man and a sick
.one as between a well horse and a foun-
dered oid wrect, to say nothing of the
"feelins oi the critter" in either case.
. Blind to the cause of his physical ails,
man (and woman too) persists day after
day in pouring into tne protesting body
a liquid drug called coffee, known by all
chemists and physicians to contain the
same poisonous alkaloids as lourni in
strychnine, morphine, whisky and to-
bacco, and to require a powerful constitu-
tion to withstand. The weak ones sink
Under the insidious drag daily adminis-
tered and seldom snow enough to spot
tl:eir enemy. "How do we know coffee is
the enemy?" some ask.
Let tfje little spark of common-sen«e
flash again, and direct that coffee be ieft off
for ten days. You may not get entirely
well in that time, my impatient friend.
You would like to ride downhill for sev-
eral years and climb back in lOdays, but
you must let the little spark Hash again.
The quickest way to get up the hill oi
healtn is by the royal road of gooi food
and nourishing drink.
After a long line of experiments looking
to the production of a health coffee, the
Postom Cereal Co., Lim., of Battle Creek,
Midi., perfected "Postum" by a skiilful
treatment of the healthful grains, and
Postum now stands as a liquid foud-drink
of great value, while it cannot be distin-
guished Irom the choicest coffee in its
color, and the taste is such that it is
easily mistaken for Mocha coffee. Its in-
troduction into tne home means that
adults and children can have all the en-
joyment of coffee nnd daily add to their
oodiiy Health by the addition of just so
much nourishment in palatable form as
the mire grains of the field contain. "It
makes red blood" is the trademark, and
the rosy tinge of health attests tb6 trutn
Of the statement.
There is but one gen tiiue original Postara
Cereal coffee, wkh a multitude of imita-
tions offered as "just as good."
Charles F. Cassin, bridge-keeper at Fourth
street, vote 3 to 1.
John G. Bigley, assistant keeper at Fourth
street bridge, vote 9 to 1.
James McCormiek and Montefiore Harris,
police patrol drivers, vote 8 to 2.
Edward Duff, engineer City Hall, vote 7 to 3.
John O'Hara, fireman City Hall ; vote, 9to 1.
James Loney and Charles L. Duly, assistant
Unemen (ire alarm and police telegraph; vote,
9 ayes. Briit excused.
Thomas G. Penalty, assistant repairer fire
alarm and police telecraph; vote, 9 to 1.
J. F. liyues, conductor elevator 2; vote 9
tol.
The board then proceeded to appoint
men to till the vacancies created as fol
lows:
Thomas F. Graham, prosecuting attorney of
Police Court 3.
Harry Rivers, clerk of Police Court 2.
James J. Lynch, clerk of Police Court 3.
Philip J. Haskins, clerk of Police Court 4.
Thomas B. McGinnis, assistant clerk of the
Board of Supervisors.
M. Barry, janitor License Collector's office.
William Mocker Jr., janitor Recorder's of
fice.
James 'Wrenn, janitor Superintendent of
Streets' office.
J. Sullivan, janitor of Superior Courts 2
and 7.
John Corbett, janitor of the District At
torney's office.
H. Carson, janitor Justice Courts.
John Kirkpatrick, night watchman City
Hall.
James Walsh, gardener Uniou square.
Frank Moran. brid?e-keeper at Fourth street.
Ben Brower, assistant bridge-keeper at
Fourth street.
J. F. Hynes and William Butler, drivers
police patrol. -
Daniel Cronin. engineer City Hall.
Thomas P. O'Neil, fireman City Hall.
N. Weynewsky and J. F. Kelly, assistant line
men police patrol telegraph.
George B. Skead, assistant repairer police
patrol and fire alarm telegraph.
William Holland, conductor elevator 2, City
Hall.
Out of the lot only one Republican was
appointed, the exception being Thomas
F. Graham, who was given back his oil
berth, from which he was removed several
months ago, because of his efficient ser
vices to the City government.
Supervisor Haskins introduced an ord>r
which he expects to work much good in
the community if adopted, prohibiting
the sale of cigarettes in this City. The
order, which was referred to the Judiciary
Committee, reads as follows:
order NO. .
Relating to cigarettes or certain substances en
closed or covered by paper wrappers and
known as cigarettes, the use of which is in
jurious to health and causes vice and crime.
Tne people ot the City and County of San
Francisco do ordain as follows:
Section 1. As injurious to health and as a
causation of vice and crime it shall be unlaw
ful for any tabacconist, saloon-keeper, or any
employe thereof, or any person whatever, to
sell, barter, exchange, give away, dispose of or
deliver to any person in the City and County
oi San Francisco any cigarettes or substances
enclosed or covered by paper wrappers and
known as cigarettes, or any combination of
paper, tobacco and extract of opium enclosed
or covered by paper of whatever color or tex
ture and known as cigarettes.
Sec. '-. Any person violating the provision of
this order shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor and be punished by a fine not exceed
ing jfSOO or by imprisonment not exceeding
six months or by both such fine and imprison
ment.
The Public Bnildincs Committee filed a
report censuring the contractors for the
Hall of Jus; ice, Bateman Bros., for their
delay in beginning work on the structure.
Supervisor Clinton gave notice that at
the next meeting of the board he would
offer a resolution that permits be granted
for but one boxing exhibition each
month.
The PeorVs Mutual Telephone Com
pany recently filed a bond of $5000 to
secure the City against loss by reason of
tearing up the streets while the corpora
tion was laying conduits. The expert of
the board reported that the sureties were
insufficient. The clerk was instructed to
inform the company that a new bond
must be riled.
Supervisor Clinton stated that the
final report of the Water Committee, fix
ing water rates for the coming year, would
probably be filed at the next meeting. He
apologized lor the delay in the matter,
statin- that it had been a long and
tedious job to get the in:ormation neces
sary to arrive at a decision. ;
A . resolution offered., by Supervisor
Ilottanzi. requesting the opinion of the
City and County Attorney, as to whether
or not the board has the power to regu
late the compensation paid copyists in
: the Recorder-; office, was adopted.
Tne City pays 12 cents a folio for copy
ine, and receives but 10 cents from those
who record documents. Many of the
papers are printed form?, needing only
the tilling in of names and dates, but they
are charged just as though they were
copied in full.
County Clerk Curry and Dr. G. J. Fitz
gibbon of the Board of Health were each
, granted sixty days' leave of obsence with
permission to leave the State.
The Market-street Railroad Comany. in
response to a request that it state when it
would be ready to remove the terminal
station of the Park and Ocean Railroad on
Stanyan street so that the street can be
widened and imprjved, stated that a prop
osition was on ;oot to change the road
into an electric line and that nothing
couid be definitely settled until this mat-:
ter was in shape.
E. M. and J. E. Galvin requested per
mission to begin suit in the name of the
City and County again«t E. S. Palmer to
recover possession of a 50-vara !ot situated
on the corner of Hyde and Beach streets.
The petition alleged that the deed had
been procured from the City by lraud, mis
representation and deceit.
Dr. Rottanzi's high hat ordinance was
finally passed to print, after the author
had eliminated the portions relating to
the arrest of ladies for wearing towering;
headgear.
A resolution instructing the clerk of the
board to request the State Commission on
Lunacy to examine the accommodations
that have been provided by the City in
connection with the Receiving Hospital
and make snch suggestions as they may
deem proper to improve the same was
adopted.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
I Summary of the Week's Work Acted
On by the Board.
The following is a complete summary
of the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
; session:
AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
i Church, Market to Fifteenth -To Williams, Bel
ser <fc co., for plant sidewalks.
Willard street mirth, opposite Golden Gate
avenue— To W. F. O'Brien lor storm-water inlet,
curb and cratins?.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
WORK.
Ashbnry, Hayes to Curbs and paving.
Asb bury ana Hayes— Curbi, paving, sidewalks,
j ces pools, etc.
I Clailo i alley. Valencia to Mission— Bitumen.
Lexington avenue. Eighteenth to Sycamore
street— and vine.
I sycamore avenue, Valencia to Mission stree-.—
. Curbs, paving, culverts, etc. .
Klghteenth avenue, California to Lake—Grad
ing, curbs, pipe sewer, etc.
I Cbeisea pa, c. Bush street to point fourteen feet
six Inches southerly— Pipe sewer, ctUvjns. etc.
Cbelsea. Bush ttrtet to southerly termination—
Curb' and paving.
Burriit street. Eush to southerly termination-
Pipe server, curbs and paving, eta
LarklP. Hayes to City Hall avenue— Bituminous
i rock sidewalks on easterly side.
sielner, Green to Union— Curbs and paving.
Diamond, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Arti-
I ficial stone sidewalks
* if th. Clementina to Folsom— !:am« on north
easterly side.
I STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SITERINTEND
KNT I.F STREETS.
i Pierce, Tu-lc to Eldv— Curbs and paving
u'Farrel, i^aguna 10 I ucliaiia:. — ame
San Jose avenue, Twenty-second to Twenty
thl d isreets-Curbs an I paving and storm-water
I inlets at Intersection of »an Jose avenue an 1 Al
vnrado street.
Washington and Lvon— Paving.
Yoric, lwenty-sixth to Grading.
Castro, Nineteenth to 1 wemleth— ArtiCcial
stone sidewalks.
Hayts street and .M atonic avenue— Curbs and
pavinjr. sldewalzs, cesipools and culverts.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to 1 ell streets— Curbs,
sidewalks and paving.
Twenty-third, Folsom to Harrison— Curbs and
pavlnz.
Twenty-third and Harrison— Same.
Twenty-third, Harrison to Bryan:— Same.
Twen ytliirrtand Bryant— Same.
I Tw»niy-third, Bryant to Potrero — Same.
Hickory avenue. Cough to Uctavla— Mmc
Central avenue, Page to Oat— curbs and side
wa to.
Hampshire, Twenty-first to Twenty-seixmd —
Curbs ana psving. /
RESOLUTION Or FULL ACCEPTANCE.
6acram<>nta Locust to Spruce— Bitumen.
Page, Central avenue to Lyon-Same.
Hickory avenue, Franklin to Gousn. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
' BKSOLVTION OK CONDITIONAL. ACCEPTANCE.
Ash avenue, Laguna to Buchanan— Bitumen.
Berry, Sixth to s-eventh— BasaiU
! iern avenue, Kran-clln to Gough— Bitumen.
1 PROPOSAL ORDERED BKAOVERTIBBD.
Fourteenth avenue south, Katlroad avenue to N
street south— grading. . |
RESOLUTION BEI.KASIN'O CONTRACTORS FROM
STEKET WORK.
Brodericic, Chestnut, to Lombard— Warren &
Ma ley. for grading.
bt^iner, (ireeu to Union— J. .J. Dowling, for
paving. V■- -• • "
Tennessee. Twenty-second to point 463 feet
northerly— J. H. Blngham, for same. .:-»■
. ORDER ESTABLISHING GRADES.
Alpine strew, easterly curb line, twenty-five feet
northerly from Thirteenth, at 315 f»et.
Alt me stre-., easterly Hup, sixty-five feet north
erly from Thirteenth, al 318 leet
Ali me street, westerly line, forty feet northerly
from Thirteenth, ai 315 feet.
Alpine street, westerly line, 218.67 feet north
erly from Thirteenth, at 296 feet.
Alr-ine street, easterly line, 243.67 feet north
erly from Thirteenth, at 295 teet.
Alpine street, between i.s northerly termination
and Thirteenth street, to conform on true gradi
ents to tne graJts described in foregoing and to
pit sa:ii official grade at crossing of Thirteenth.
FURTHER PROCEEDINGS RECOMMENDED OMITTED.
Hayes, Hirader to Hlanyan— sidewalks.
F.XTEXSIOSS OF TIM X GRANTED.
DevfsJdero, Waller to Thirteenth— Fllnn <fe
Treacy, thirty days on artificial stone sidewalks.
I>evisadero'aiid Page—To s&me, sixty days on
paving.
Sheridan, Ninth to Tenth —To fray Bros-,
ninety days on artificial stone sidewalks.
Leaven worn. North Point to Bay— To J. J.
O'Connor, thirty days oi grading.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME UKCOMM EXITED.
California anil laurel-- io Pacific Paving Com
pany, 120 days for paving,' curbing, etc -
California and Locus.— .same.
first avenue, California to Clay street — To Pa
cific Paving Company, nine days on paving,
curbing, etc.
First avenue, Cla7 to Washington street— Same.
Sanchez and -Twentieth— To California Paving
Company, 100 days on grading, etc.
Sanchez, Liberty to Twentieth— same.
PETITION'S REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Twenty-third, lowa to Mississippi — Jeremiah
Twcm.y. for grading.
Church and Thirteenth, Church, Hermann to
Thirteenth, etc.— Buena Vista Improvement Club,
for s reel work.
Vicksburg. No. 115— Annie M. KHlelras, to re
tain plank sidewalks.
Diamond, >'i weuty-third to Ellzabe:h— W. B.
Storey Jr., to lay artiri. ial stone sidewa k.
Sanchez. Twenty-fourth to Twenty-ttfth— Prop
erty-owners for same.
Tenth avenue, Ito J— Property-owners to stop
grading.
shradei-, Waller to Beulah— G. F. Smith, to lav
artificial stone sidewalk.
1-rospert . and Ksm« ralda avenue—Property
owners, for lowering of grade ou southwest cor
ner, etc
Castro. Twentieth to Twenty-first— Property
owners, to pave by private contract.
avenue at ocean View— Property-owners,
for establishment of official grade. •
Polk — Property-owners, for repavement with as
phaituni wood block pavement.
Harrison, Fremont to First— Property - owners
to pave.
Hill, Xoe to Castro— Property-owners to lay
artificial stone sidewalks-
Buchanan, Waller to Hermann — Same.
Cole and Ili-igui — Same.
Bryant (Twenty-sixth) to Army— Preclta Valley
Improvement. Club, for grading and sewering.
Harr son, hipley t> stonernan— .-ame.
Alabama street — Same, tor .sewering.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Larkin Market to City Hall avenue— A. P. Ho
tating against construe lon on east side.
Capitol avenue. Sagamore street to Palmetto av
enue — Properiy-owners against grading, etc
Jackson and spruee — ;>ne against paving.
Fulton, Shrader to >tanvan— J. D. Wlllson,
M.1;., against laying artificial stone sidewalk*.
Clay, Walnut and Laurel— Property-owners
against paving and curbing.
Hni^ht. Ashbury to Clayton a::d various other |
streets— Same.
Clarion alter. Mission to Valencia— Same.
Diamond, Twenty-third to Kllzabeth—Property
owners agkii.s- laying sidewalks.
Front, near Market— K. H. Dean, against alleged
maintenance of shea on sidewalk by one Lucy.
Sanchez and Twenty-third— Property-owners
against paving.
Jackson, Laurel to Locus'— Same. .
Laure , Washington to Jackson— Sanaa
Jackson and Locuu— Sam*.
Clay, Cherry to First avenue— Same.
Jackson, spruce to Maple— same. •
Jackson, Maple to Cce.ry— Mime.
Washington. Cherry tj irst «>v enue— Same.
Jacksou and Cherry— Same.
Jackson an i Ma.ile— Same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON' MATTERS SUB
MITTED AT PREVIOUS MEETING.
Mission and Onondaga avenue— Sum of $22
awarded to Catherine Carson for expense of pro
tecting property from sewage.
Clay, Sansom<* to Montgomery— When property
owners make »rr.i. Gem-nts tor percentage of cost
work will be recornrnen led. "'".--
Holly Park Dulkbead— Referred to Committee
on finance and Auditing.
( a>, Baker 10 Stanyan— Same., i ,_,};
Stanyan, Uak to Hal<ht— same.
JiuprovennfU.. of lioll.- P»rk~same. '
Folsorn, between Fourth aad Fifth— Sidewalks
should berepaind. '
spruce. Washing. on to Clay— Pipe sewer may be
constructed. • • ■
Fifth and C ementlna — Eight months' time
granted to plate artificial stone sidewalks. Per
miision granted to maxe necessary repairs to pre
sent sidewalk.
Leavenworth, Filbert to Greenwich— Permission
granted piopertv-owners to pave.
Hickory avenue. Franklin to Gough— ln favor
I of la .ing sidewalks.
I .Lombard and Frederick— permitted to
K. Low. .
[Talon, Franklin to <ioush— ln favor of paving.
Pond, sixteenth to Seventeen. h— Same.
Kn genii avenue. .North avenue to Buena Vista
street— in favor of grading
Maple, Clay to Washington — Against paving.
West Mission, Twelfth to Thir.eenth — same.
Sacramento, Cheiry to Maple— Paving author
ized
O.her petitions either referred to other commit
tees, pUced on file or reported adversely.
I Work stopped for six mou.ha in a 1 cases where a
I majority o» property-own* rs protest.
"NAT" IN A NEW ROLE.
The Actcr Revives "Garrick,"
an O.d Robertsonian
Comedy.
Bright Music in "Captain Fr.-cassa."
"A Glimpse of Paradise"-*'£ast
LynDe."
N. C. Goodwin was greeted by almost
aa large an audience at the Baldwin The
! ater last n.ght as the one that applauded
farewell to the De Wolf Hoppers on bat
} urday.
The play last night was Tom Robert
j son's comedy, "David Garrick," in which
| Goodwin made his first Pan Francisco ap
j pearance. The title role is one which has
tempted many famous actors, and in es
saying it the comedian naturally chal
lenged comparisons with his predecessors.
Garrick is a part after Goodwin's own
heart in one resiect— it depicts the sor
rows of a true lover who is mis-judged ana
comes within an ace of losi ng the woman
he wants to marry. Goodwin's imperson
ation of Davit; Garrick made a distinct hit
with the audience. It was humorous iv
the lighter scenes, and in the scene where
be pretends to be drunk in order to dis
illusionize Ada Ingot, Garrick entered
with vivacity into the spirit of the situa
tion.
With all hi? cleverness it must be con
fessed, however, that when compared
with such a David Garrick as that the
elder Sothern presented Goodwin fell
short, boih in polish and appearance. He
has not the easy grace of an ideal David
Garrick, and neither his form nor face is
picturesque enough to make the idea
plausib!e tliat a beautiful, romantic girl
could ?al! in love with him from across
the footlights, as Ada Ingot is supposed
to do. However, if not an ideal perform
ance, Goodwin's David Garnck is effective
and will no doubt go oi. pleasing his au
diences.
Maxine Elliott looked beautiful as ever
I ana acted unusually well as Ada Ingot.
The refinement of her manner makes her
well qualified for drawing-room comedies
of the Kobertscnioo school.
Goodwin's support has undergone an
improvement. William lngersoll, who
played Squire Chivy, did a drunken tcene
so weli that ne almost snared honors with
the star, and Neil O'Brien was clever and
effective as Ada's father. The people who
played the Smiths and Browns of the cast
had evidently been injudiciously incited
to burlesque the vulgarity of Mr. Ingot's
visitors from the city of Lonaon. They
so exaggerated the idiosyncrasies touched
by Robertson with a gentle hand that they
almost turned Mr. Ingot's borne into the
temporary abode of vaudeville.
The performance concluded with a
comedietta, "The Silent System. "
At the Aicazar.
Last night the patrons ot the Alcazar were
given "A Glimpse of Paradise." It is a comedy
by J. J. Dulley, full enough oi funny compile*
tions to suit even the most exacting of audi
ences. Hugo Toland has certainly the queer
est ideas of what a Frenchman should be. He
sports the fiercest mustaches, wears the most
astonishing of neckties, and in addition to all
this richness he adopts an accent surely never
spoken by any one but a stage Frenchman.
However, much may he forgiven him consider
ing that he gets most of the laughs in the
play. Charles Wineate plays Adolphus Dovl,
a poet who is a miniature of Gilbert and Sulli
van's Buntnorne and Archibald, the Allright.
Adele Belgarde and Mrs. Bates do the parts
allotted them in clever style.
"The First Born," Francis Powers' new play,
met with as much enthusiasm as it did the
first week, and on every hand were words oi
praise for the clever work of the young play
wright.
At the Tlvoll.
"Captain Frncassa," Dellinger's comic opera
in three acts, received its initial production in
this City at the Tivoli Opera-house last even
ing. The book, which is by Genee and Zell, is
founded on a historical romance of Gautier's
and possesses all that rich coloring and elab
orate incident necessary for the successful
librettist.
The music is rftther above the average comic
opera score and excels rather in the concerted
than tne solo numbers. The Tivoli manage
ment has taken unusual pains in the mount
ing of "Fracasss," and the ballet in the second
act is a happy version of Henderson's old
Pierrot ballet.
"Captain Fracassa" calls for all the Tivoli
favorites in the cast. Hnrtman, Rnys
Thomas, Raffael, Laura Mlllard, Elvia Crox
Seabrooke and Myru Morella each finds a con
genial part.
At Morosco's,
••Time cannot wither nor custom stale," so
it wcuM seem, that tear-compelling drama,
"East Lynne." Last evening it was received
at Morosco's with all the fervid enthusiasm
worthy a brand-new production. The gentler
portion of the audience wept copiously
through the harrowing scene?, and strong,
bearded men were seen to furtively brush
away the tears that would gather and obscure
the vis-lon.
Maud Edna Hull, the favorite Morosco lead
ing lady, made her reappearance after a pro
tracted absence as Lady Isabel, the meek and
erring heroine. The applause and flowers
wntch greeted her first entrance testified to
the appreciation of her audience. Her Lady
Isabel was womanly, delicate, yet strong, and I
showed conclusively that she possesses unusual I
emotional powers.
Mortimer .Snow was too se'.f-conscious to in
vest Archibald Carlisle with the necessary dig
nity the part demands, and Jonn J. Pierson !
mnde of Sir Francis Levison a self-satisfied i
Prig.
Tne play was handsomely mounted, and
judging by the large first night audieuce will
enjoy a prosperous week's run.
At the Orpheum.
At the Orpbeum last night several new
claimants for fuvor made their bows to a San i
Francisco andienee. The star number on the
bill, the Osrani burlesque pantomime com
pauy, was decidedly disappointing. The act
was rather too broad for even an Orpheum
audience, and all In all it was about the most
tiresome show of the Kind the Orplieum has
ever produced. The Baggesins are really
clever aud scored an empnatic hit. I>o-Mi-
Soi-Do, a team 01 eccentric musical artists,
also created a favorable tmpression. Guille,
the littlo tenor, is as great a tavorite as ever,
but he has lately auopted a most aunoying <
habit of talking to the orchestra during the
preludes In his songs. It may be that he
thinks he is adapting himself to his surround
ings, but he only succeeds in lowering his
dignity as a first-class artist.
At the Chutes.
The Chutes are as popular as ever and the
open-air entertainiaents every afternoon and
evening are well attended. To-night the first
o.' a series of skating races between Joe Wald
stein, champion of the Pacific Coast, and
Charles H. Johnson, champion of San Fran
cisco, will ttke place. The distance i* a mile
and the remaining races will take place Thurs
day and Saturday evenings. The menagerie is
becoming quite a feature of the Haight-street
grounds.
Columbia Theater.
The second week of "Excelsior Jr." opened
last night. There was a fair-sized house and
some new songs and jokes introduced into the
performance were weil received.
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE.
It Holds » Meeting and Lays Out Plant
• f. of- Work.
The California Anti-Saloon League met
at the Y. M. C. A. building at 2 p. m. yes
terday, the Hon. S. W. Fergusson presid
ing. The committee on the itinerary of
Dr. Howard Russell reported that the
southern part oi the State had been pre
pared and that the rest of the journey
Kill soon be laid out.
Dr. Russell is expected to spend ten
days in Southern California, ten days in
the center of the State and ten days
around the bay. The State convention
will be held July 6 in this City. A com
munication from the good-citizenship j
committee of the Golden Gate Union of
Christian Endeavorers, offering 'their ser
vices and inviting a speaker of tne Anti-
Saloon League to its regular meeting, was
read and the proposition was accepted. I
Dr. Bevier was appointed a delegate to I
carry greetings to the California State I
Sabbath Association, now in session in |
the First Congregational Church in OaK- j
' land. Rev. Dr. Fried rich was added to I
tne committee on arrangements. The
committee consists of Hon. S. W. Fergus
son, Dr. Robert Wnitak«»r, Dr. Gardner,
Dr. Dille, Mrs. L. P. Williams and Rev.
P.W. Friedricb: >'
JTE.W TO-DAY.
| ; (|j| The Joy 1 1
| \K?\ of Great | >
towJ^v CJll t;lliJLII 3
>^Bl^\ Iv How pe asant to feel your
j^ - dfH||i \ ]jL knotted muscles — what a feeling
if /^ \k \ of pride when your friends re- r^J
C , n \\\ mark upon your development, 13
El \l) . \\ the strong arm, the bright eye, IS
'\V] ' \\ the firm step. All denote true
II _ bV_ strength. It is such a delight to
1 1 ■■■■< V —^—^ "^«*^r>. know that you are strong in mind
M^" — — — ■— — ■ — — 5£- and body— not weak and falter- i^
SI ing in your step. Every man knows how precious this wonderful 13
strength is,' and every man wishes to be strong. . Are you ? 33
5=.. Ask yourself if there is anything lacking, any weakness in =5
nerve, muscle or vitals. , If so, do not let it grow; it is sap-
ping greatest pleasure of your life, your happiness, and '
you : should cure it. rj;
g DR. SAN DEN^S ELECTRIC BELT : .3
Is praised from coast to coast for its wonderful influence upon 3
the vital and nerve forces.. . :35
fc^ ;> . '. ■ SAN FRANCISCO. April 26. 897. r22
y^~ .-• DR. BANDEN— Dear Sir: Ye*, I will recommend your Belt, and with pleasure, for
SC^ it has none for me wonderful good. It Is only a little while a«o that I could not walk up — «m
•■*" the slightest (trade of a hill without stopping to rest. .1 was weak, debilitated, for eight *"**^
j}^~ , \-Hitrs, could not sleep, bail poor circulation and was ncariy . sone. • Now," tuauks to your "ZHSm
<**- Belt, I never lar more than five mloutrs be!ore I tall to s eep, and wake up in the morn- —^
*»- : in« bright aid fresh, feel strong and can make any lii.i with ! ease— yes, better than for "■ -^
S>~ twenty years— and I have no: tHkenany medicine since I got file B»lt Youri tr.ilv, * — .»
'. , A. L. WHITE, Musi.- 'ieaclier. 516 KIIU street. San Cisco. ':--. -^m
It is a simple means of restoring vitality every night while you sleep. IS
Electricity is the basis of all vital power, and as you wear this famous Belt
i£: you feel from day to day new life blood coursing through your veins, your =^ <
!tj eyes sparkle and your muscles swell with strength— you are a new man.
jt: No one can fully appreciate the exhilaration caused by having the body
!El charged with efectricity until they feel it. This joyful feeling comes
! ZZ quickly from using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. ; IS
jp" ' ■ Call and see it, or send for the book about it, fr.*e. ft=^
S^ CAIVinFW Fl FPTRir irfl 633 Market Str« !. <)pj> .sit* :^
dANULIVLLLCirciL lAI>, l\,!,c H t I, -an Fruetieo. -- g
&r : - ' « fflce Hou s— B a. m. to 8 :30 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Loi An -?e es office, 204 South -"•
.Broadway;' Portland. 0r. "253 Washington street: D*uver, 'Cot. 9.5 x teen th street. . ■■ '- -^
! +Z ■. 7- NOTE.— Make no mistake In the number— H'.i'i Mnrkel v :■■•■■ - ...ata note Of iv ' '■ =^
g»»- Dr. Sandeu's .Electric Truss Curs Ilipture. —m
iiuiuiuiuiiiiuiuiuiuiuiufiuiuiiuuiiyiuuiuiuiuiuiuiui
•■-.-■" ■■■:■.' ..■■■ - :..'-. ■ ' ;■■..■■■■■.■:-■ :■■;'■■•■ ..:■■■ -.■■.. . ■ . . . ■ -
SCORED DEUPREY'S
"FIENDISH" ATTACK
Baptist Ministers Indignant
at Slurs on Pastor
Gibson.
" The Attorney Should Be Made
to Answer," Says Rev. M.
P. Eoynton.
Rev. S. S Cryor Denounces Professor
Lloyd's Unorthodoxy at the
Presbyterian Uni<n.
The Baptist Ministers' Union was turned
into a reenlar indorsement meeting of
Rev. J. George Gibsoa yesterday. Indig
nation at Attorney Deuprey's attacks on
the pastor of Emmanuel Church was ex
pressed on ail hands, and vigorous mo
tions of indorsement and sympathy for
Mr. Gibson were unanimously passed.
The Christian ministers were present at
the meeting, as they had been invited to
hear a paper by Rev. O. C. Miller, on
"The Gospel That We Preach."
At the conclusion of the paper, Rev. M.
P. Boynton drew attention to what he
j called "the tiendish attacks" of Attorney
Deuprey on Pastor Gibson. "I tmnfc Mr.
Deuprey should be made to answer for
these attacus," said Mr. Boynton. Rev.
1 Dr. Dietz at once jumped to his leet, mi
i dorsing everything Mr. Boynton had said,
and a general discussion followed, in
which Durrant's attorney was unani
mously scored.
It was finally resolved that Rev. M. P.
Boynton and the Rev. Dr. Dieiz should
j be appointed a committee to bear the
! sympathy of the meeting to Pastor Gib
j son. In order to make the condemnation
of Deuprey more vigorous, however. Dr.
J. Sunderland and Rev. W. H. Latourette
were iinally added to the committee, with
instructions to frame resolutions for pub
lication. The following resolutions were
finally adopted :
In view of the recent reflections and insinua
tions by Attorney Deuprey «nd a daily paper
of Alameda against the character of J. George
Gibson, a member of ihis body, we therefore.
! the Baptist Ministers' Union of San Francisco
and vicinity, make the following expression :
First— Thai Mr. Gibson has been in our min
istry in California lor several years and has in
every place borne an unblemished reputation.
His character ftas stood among us from be
ginning to end without the slightest stain.
Second — In the unfortunate and awful
tragedy which occurred in the church bniid
! Ing of which he was pastor, he has been
brought under trials, the depth of which uo
man can measure, but in them all he hus
borne himself with great consistency and for
titude, and in such a manner as to draw to
hinisef ihe deepest sympathy and fullest con
' fidence of his brethren of this union, and, we
believe, of all Christian people who Know the
! facts.
Third— We regard the insinuations and at
tacks made upon him as utterly without
erounii, basely malicious anl diabolical, and
in the name of fairness and justice we protest
against these attacks and insinuations.
Fourth— lt is the desire and hope of this
body that Pastor Gibson will see his way clear
to continue his pastorate of Emmanuel
Church.
Fifth— That Rev. M. P. Boynton and Rev. H.
L. Dietz are hereby appointed a committee of
this toiy to coivey to Brother Gibson our
I deepest sympathies in these repeated and ag
gravated trial* and our entire confidence in
his Christian ana ministerial character.
Sixth— That we request the daily papers of
San Francisco to publish this ai-tion.
S. C. Keetch, President.
W, F. Binney, Secretary.
The committee, of which Rev. M. P.
) Boynton is chairman, will formally pre
sent the resolutions to Pastor Gibson this
morning.
Professor Lloyd of the Pacific Theologi
cal Seminary is the latest Congregational
minister to be accused of unortnodoxy.
The attack on the professor's div nitv was
made yesterday morning in a paper read
j by Rev. Dr. Cryor before the Presbyterian
I Ministerial Union.
Dr. Cryor's subject was "The Second
I Coming ol the Lord," but incidentally he
severely censured some 01 Professor
Lloyd's teachine at the Presbyterian Sum
mer School held last week in the Y. M.
C. A. building. Professor Lloyd was ac-
I cused of being both unscriptural and un
historical, and in the discussion which
I followed no one said Dr. Cryor nay.
Rev. Richard G. Hoods made an ear
| nest appeal at several of the meetings
! for ministers to asfc their congregations
for aid to send the corn to the starving
people of India.
At the Congregational Ministers' Club
yesterday Rev. J. P. Dixon read a paper
on the "Want of Emphasis."
NEW TO-DAY.
QUICK WORK.
THERE IS PROBABLY NOT A MERCANTILE HOUSE ON THE CONTl-
nent carrying a general stock that turns it over as rapidly and as many times
a year as ours. While we carry a very large and varied stuck, we mean to
move it all eight to ten times each year. This makes it impo«*ible lo accumulate out
of fashion or shopworn goods. We are in business for tiie neconimodatioil of "up to
now" buyers and invite them to visit us and acquaint them-elves with our stock, out
prices and meihods of doing business. We think it will pay richly lor : hi time spent.
5 CENT LIST.
- Cents
5 spools Machine Cotton. 5
5 papers Adamantine Pins 6
5 bunches of Hairpins 5
1 Lady Motto handkerchief ..'..;... 5
1 Laiy's Plain Hemmed Handkerchief 5
With' 11s, Nos 5, 7or 9, all 1 olors 5
Ladie-i' u.x-B ood Jloje (came too red) ".... •">
1 Toot brush 5
1 l me or Long ( omb '.../.. ; 6
1 pair Men's TrAVla Gloves (no black) 6
1 ib Fresh Broken Crackers 5
10 CENT LIST.
1 Infant's Shirt, 3 months to 3 years 10
1 pair am less Hose, lar^e or small 10
1 good BrUtle shoe Brush 10
1 can Finest -licea Apricots 10
1 lb Fine Fresh Candy 10
1 Rebecca Teapot, 2-bit size : 10
1 lb Best Whole Pepper 10
1 Little Boy's Drum 10
5 packages (Stove Polish, good 10
3 Little Girls' Work Baskets ;...1O
25 CENT LIST.
1 pair Little Boy's BlbOveralls..... 25
2 Lit lie Boys' &traw Hals 25
a Girls' Nice Summer Hais 25
1 palrsize 4 ISabr's Fancy Shoes 25
1 pair 3 to 71-2 Child s sandals.. ...M
100 Nice Paper .NapkiD3 25
1 splint Clothes Basket 25
1 Fine Myrtle-Wood Cane .-. ;...25
1/2 lb Whole .Nutmegs, good 25
1 lb Fine Koast Coffee 2i
1/2 dozen Stylish Goblets ;
l'Berry Dish, glass, lame ..."26
1 Lady's Vndervest or Pauls. 25
X We thank our friends for liberal pmronatre.
' *; WMtaWSBi. Our ree delivery all over the city is appreciated.
) S BHfln i Tr our Fine, Ten served free every la;
IH JJsSsBmSJ You'll find it convenient to check packages here.
■.TO^ • -^J&M XV F Across the bay towns supplied free of cost tor freight.
'iSlbM^Bl w/ We understand packing and shipping goods everywhere.
1 TJTjjHiTBBIBKwy/ Our patrons find it pays to work on n cath ba^is.
'^BMHOPO^ We have a -10-page price list, free to all.
Wdress— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
Philadelphia
Shoe Co. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
I
CLOTH-TOP OXFORDS.
ThP nobbiest of th»m all. A real bar-
gain in hish-grade low shoes. Here is a i
chance 10 buy' your Summer footwear
cheap. Ladles' Fine Chocolate Kid Ox-
ford* w th tine cloth tops to match, pointed
toes and tips, hand-turned so.es, reduced
for this week from $'-'.60 to
$1.50.
IS" Country orders solicited.
. **- Send for New Illustra:»i C&tatazas.
: Aiateaa
• B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third St.. San FrancUoo.
Dr.Doherty'sSut
Class of Cases Treated.
MEDICAL AND SURGICAL DISEASES
1 of MEN, PRIVATE and CHKONIC DIS-
KASKs. the ERRORS of YOUTH. LOST MAX-
HOOD, BLOOD DISEASES, from any cause,
KIDNFY and SKIN DISEASES, and MENTAL
ana PHYSICAL WEAKNESS privptelv, speedily,
anil permanently cured. Thirty rears' practical'
experience. Consultation free. Charges reason-
able. Patients in the country cured at home. Call
or a UlrL-.-s
DR. W. K. DOHERTT,
850 Market Street, San Francisco.
A business man of Toledo, 0., asserts that in his case
dyspepsia was an inheritance. He obtained his first sup-
ply of
Ripans Tabules
from Chicago because he could not then find them in
Toledo. Now the druggists there all have them. He car-
ries one of the little packages with him all the time, and
if he has that distressed feeling after a hearty meal, or a
headache, he takes a Tabule. ** My wife also uses them,"
he writes, "and if my boy feels sick he asks for one."
: 50 CENT LIST.
Cent:
1 Nice White Bedspread 50
1 pair White or 1 •■;! Lace Curtains. 60
1 Handbia. for laav's us<- 50
1 Good. stro:nt Mexio»:i Hammock - r >o
4 Large Towels. 20x46 inciMM '. 50
2 pairs g iris' Ketl Wool Pauls 50
2 pairs Boys' K'd >• 0111 , rover? 60
1 Ula<« Berry .-c , 7 plrc~» ...5U
1 large 1-1-inch Decorut .1 U«a IMaticr 50
2 smaller Deco.'UteU Me I P -Utter* 50
1 i-'et China, ccmplet", < hil.i's .5:1
1 Man's Straw lint to: unduy 50
1 pair Miss' Low S'iO for Sunday 50
1 pair I. arty 's Plain To- -lions, . 1  3 5o
1 pair Lady-, C ppM or P.ush Slippers stl
1 Lady's bhirt Waist, JaunuereJ 50
$1 00 LIST.
471.UU LlO 1 .
50 lbs Fine Yellow Corn meal 51 00
50 Ilia Good Common i-oIU-d Oats 100
20 lbs Very Best .Macaroni- 100
•£f> ids Besi Tapioca or ?a<o 100
35 lbs choice French Prune*, srrull 100
20 Ins Finest Dred Nectarines 100
25 bars Fairbanks White Star Soap 1 00
1? jar.s Home-made -liy. assorted 00
50 Ids White Filially Flour 1 00
cans 2- bit size California Preserves 1 00
12% yards Dark All-Wool Chain *1 00
14 yards Dark P<-rca c. Idles 1 00
10 yards Standard Caiito. uretty 100
20 yards <-ood ■■ached Family Muslin.. 100
12% yards Pretty, Fin • >atfi-n. dark 1 013
10 yards 38-inch Cashmere, red, pink 1 00
16 yards Stout Gincham, »<or< clothes 100
10 yards Tennis Flanno. pretty and gcoj... 100
.00 Jinko Baskets, to: fancy w0rk...... 100
Are You III?
Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Weil ?
IF SO USE
DR. MARTIN'S
111 ill
OF THE AGE,
Which is -without an equal FOR EXTERNAL
♦.ND INTERNAL USE.
A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in Gen*
tral, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
MorbuK, Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous Comp-
laints, Disease of the S(»uiuch and
Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidney
Complaints, Sciuticn, Lumbago, Golds,
Coughs, Local and General . Debility,
Headache, Earache, Toothache. Sick-
nessinStomach. Backache, Burns, Swel-
lings. Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic,
Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds a
Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases,
Excessive Itching* and many other
complaints too numerous to name hero.
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle,
L. CALLISCH. ' Wholesale Agent for tt«
Pacific CoMt, San Jose, Cal.
For sale by ali druggists. The trade supplied
by Redington &. Co., Mack & Co. and Lauzlei
£ Micfcwjli. San Fr»f^<sa
BBuTuXaVnil Sore Tnroat, Pimples. Copper-^H
njllAlu'lUU Colored Spots, Ache*. bid SoresH
■■Ulcers in Mouth. Hair-K&llingf IVrito COOKJB
Hit KM ED Y CO.. 307 Masonic TeaiptcM
WChtcago. 111., for proofs of ceres. Cupl-HS
■tal, 8500,000. Worst cases cured in ISM
Jlo 85 days. 100-pago bock free. ' Wj
sHr\^^sr^%^ssV ' '^SsV^^y** » B*t^^^^^r^P^T^^^^F'^j^a^ff^^^^B
56
TUESDAY. MAY 18, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postasrc Free:
rally and Sunday Cam , one week, by carrier.. $0.16
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Pally and Sunday Cai.t., three months by mail 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 3.60
W uiiLv Call, one year, by mall *-<oO
BUSINESS OFFICE:
"1O Market Street,
c- n irauci.co, California.
Telephone .^ Mata-IWS
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay (street,
telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay ; open until
B :S0 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 l.aricin street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
b\V. corner Siiteenia and Mission streets, »pen
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, op^n until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1606 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Tweuty-second aod Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
BJS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Boobs 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
ro, i: is no trouble for us to forr. THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO KXTKA CHAKGE.
The rain has brightened things.
Prospects continue to improve right
along.
The shower was greeted with applause
and cries of encore.
We have a welcome for the conductors
and all they conduct.
McKinley has spoken for Americans in
Cuba and by and by he will speak for the
Cubans also.
This is evidently a good year for the
financial situation in Europe, but a poor
year for liberty.
As a political leader "Boy" Baiiey is
showing himself to be a genuine Texas j
steer of the most erratic kind.
The European concert has at last found
something on whicn it can agree. It is
unanimously in favor of having Greek
finances turned over to its control.
The Lincoln Monument League is rap- j
idly increasing in membership and prom- i
ises to be strong enough before long to j
carry the movement through with a rush.
As the great bicycle race from Bordeaux \
to Paris was won by a Frenchman, with a
Hollander second and a Dane third, we
may safely conclude there were no Amer
icans in it.
The reason why the powers hesitated to
stir up the Turkish question is now clear
to the commonest comprehension. There
are too many Turks and they are too will
ing to fight.
The London Times speaks of the Sultan's
assertion that nnle-s his terms are agreed
to he will immediately march upon
Athena as an insolent threat, but it does
not venture to say what John Bull will do
about it.
As Broker Chapman prefers to go to
prison rather than to answer the questions j
asked him about the alleged Senatorial !
sugar deal, it is evident he expects to have
business enough with Senators in future
to pay him for keeping his mouth shut.
The'tssk before the California delega- j
tion at Washington is to recover the Ding
ley rates on prunes and raisins without
losing a firm hold on the Senate rates on
citrus truits. It will be a case of holding
on with one hand and righting with the
other, but the issue at stake is worth the
struggle.
The bill for the relief of American citi
zens in Cuba would have been passed as
promptly in the House as in the Senate if
it had not been for Democratic obstruc
tion. The country, therefore, has another
illustration of the need of such a man as
Tom Reed in the chair to conduct busi
ness at all in the face of such opposition
as Democracy makes.
One of the unexpected results of the in
creasing use of bicycles is the demand in
many Eastern cities for an enlargement of
the police force in order to put an end
to scorching on crowded streets, in tha
parks and along sidewalks of suburban
districts. It is said the average bicycler
never realizes how fast he Is going, and no
one with less authority than a policeman
can arrest his attention and make him
think of it.
The fight over the tariff in the Senate
•will be directed mainly against the rates
fixed on sagar, wool, hides ana beer. The i
California contest will be to restore the
Dingley rates on prunes aud raisins,
while retaining those of the Senate on
citrus fruits. As ihe Republicans have
not a clear working majority in tha Sen
ate, a genuine Republican tariff will be
impossible. We shall have to be content
with a compromise measure, but the
Western men should be careful to see
that equal concessions are mada on both
fides. We must not give everything for
nothing.
The statement made at the Cuban mass
meeting it Washington that Cleveland's
Assistant Secretary of State bad written
to a Consul in Cuba, "I advise you to
make your reports hereafter less favorable
to the Cuban insurgents, as this adminis
tration desires to avoid all possible fric
tion with the Spanish Government," is
one that should be speedily investigated.
Jf such instructions were really sent to
our Consuls in Cuba it would seem that
during the Cleveland regime the Spanish
Minister at Washington must have been
as potent at the State Office as Secretary
Olney himself.
According to a recent Parliamentary re
port, the amount of money paid into
"chancery" during the year ending Feb
ruary, 1896, amounted to nearly $80,000,-
COO. This, added to the balance on band
at the beginning of the year, made a truly
grand total of $383,842,283. The exact part of
this huge sum which could be describeJ
as unclaimed is not revealed, but no less
than $11,649,110 has been appropriated to
various governmental needs on the sup
position that no successful suits to recover
it will ever be brought. It will be teen
the chancery business is a pretty rich
pudding, and the British G ivrnmeut
gets no •mall plum out of it.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
In his aessace on Cuban affairs the
President asks simply for a grant of
money from Congress for the relief of
American citizens resident in the island
who have been made destitute by the war.
Such an appeal should have met with no
opposition whatever, and notwithstanding
the well-known capacity of the Democrats
for blundering, the country will note with
surprise that the entire Democratic vote
in the House, led by Bailey of Texas, de
i liberateiy interposed objections to an im
mediate consideration oi the bill, and thus
postponed action on it until nsit Thurs
day.
The tone of the President in asking for
tins relief is studiously moderate. If he
had been requesting aid for the sufferers
i from the Mississippi 9oods his words
i could not have been freer from even a
suggestion of offense to Spain. He begins
by reciting that official information from
our Consuls in Cuba establishes the fact
that a larsre number oJ American citizens
in the bland are in a state of destitution,
suffering from a want of food and medi
cines. Ho adds that the agiicultural
classes have been forced into the towns,
where they are without work or money,
and goes on to say ihat the local authori
ties of the several towDs, however kindly
disposed, are unable to relieve the needs
of their own people, and are altogether
powerless to help our citizens.
This straightforward appeal, so simple
in its terms, met with an immediate re
sponse from the Senate. Within less than
an hour from the time the message was
read a resolution appropriating $50,000
had bean drawn up, reported to the Wen
ate and adopted unanimously. It is to
be regretted that an equal promptness was
not shown in the House. Bailey, how
ever, saw, or thought he saw, an oppor
tunity for party advantage and at once
declared he would object to an immediate
consideration of tne measure unless it
were amended by including in it the Mor
gan resolution recognizing the belliger
ency of the patriots.
By this action of the Democratic leader
and his party followers a simple measure
of relief for our destitute countrymen in
Cuba is bound up with a wholly different
question and postponed as indefinitely as
tha Democrats can do it. The country
will note the proceeding with something
more than its usual impatience at Demo
cratic blundering. In this cass there will
be indignation as well as impatience. The
people will gladly hail a proclamation
conceding belligerent rights to the
Cubans, and even more gladly a recogni
tion of the independence of the island,
but that is no reason why we should leave
our own citizens in the island to suffer
from destitution until such time as it be
j comes advisable to deal with the broader
| issue.
The message in itself is a most com
mendable one. President McKinley has
already shown himself a master of the
high art of saying much in a few words and
ending when he has said it. His nies
j sages so far have been models of lucidity
I and terseness, and the country has begun
i to regard him as one of the clearest
| thinkers, writers and speakers tbat ever
I sat in the Presidential chair.
A GOOD MOVE,
The real estate men of Santa Clara
County have recently held a meeting in
San Jose for the purpose of forming an
organization to be known as the Santa
Clara County Real Estate Association.
The objects sought for in the new move
ment are to provide a uniform method of
transacting business, to promote harmony
of effort arnon^ real-estate dealers and to
encourage the investment of capital and
the settling of home-seekers in the county.
The movement, while directly in the
interest of the real-estate dealers, will be
indirectly beneficial to ail classes ol peo
ple. Santa Clara, like so many other sec
tions of California, has been largely in
jured in the past and her advancement
hindered by divisions and dissensions
among her own people. The struggle for
personal pre-eminence in all undertakings,
which is so characteristic of Americans,
has been carried to excess in California
! and has not infrequently become what in
the emphatic language of the time is
known as "cutthroat business."
We have seen the ill-effects of these
keen rivalries in every department of our
energies. They are to be noted in poli
tics, ia commerce, in manufacture and
j not infrequently have been seen in the
struggles of rival municipalities. Every
thing which tends to restrict these rival
ries within wholesome bounds is certain
to be beneficial to every section of Cali
fornia, and, therefore, all movements
which tend to bring about kindlier feelings
between rivals in business and a greater
degree of harmony in work for the gen
eral good may be accounted as among the
more encouraging signs of the coming of
a new era of prosperity.
It is certainly a wonderful future that
lies keTore Santa Clara County. Her
situation with reference to San Francisco
and to the State at large is most favorable
in every respect. She has ample railway
communication, and may look for the ac
complishment in the near future of im
provement! at Alviso which wi'l give to
her county neat of San Jose practically
all the advantages ot a seaport. Her soil,
rising from the valley to the mountains
that girdle it, is suitable for the cultiva
tion of every form of tree or fruit or
flower that is either useful, beautiful or
medicinal, which is known to '.h» temper-
I ate zone. No climate more agreeable to
men can be found anywhere under heaven,
! and no community offers more attractions
in the way of school*, colleges and good
society.
In the very nature of things it is in*vi
tabethat the«e advantages must sooner
or later make Santa Clara one of the most
wealthy and thiculy populated rural dis
tricts in the world. It has advanced
rapidly in toe past, despite the rivalries of
its local leaders, but will aiivanco much
more rapidly as soon as an era of har
mony and united effort begins. For that
j reason the proposed organization of the
real-estate men is one of the encouraging
signs of the time*, and the good results to
flow from it may be expected to affect not
only t'nat county, but all other sections
of the State where peonle are wise enough
to emulate the example.
OUB FOREIGN TBADE.
A short time ago Consul Monaghan,
who represents the United States at
Chemnitz, Germany, in a report to the
State Department asserted the American
people will rind little or nnto t market for
tbeir manufactured (roods in Germany,
and expressed tbe opinion that if our mer
chants would make the same effort to ex
tend their trade in South America and in
Asia as they are now making to extend
it in Europe "tbe returns would be five
times as great."
Further reports from Germany not only
confirm the statement of Consul Mona.
ghan as affects manufactured eoods, but
show that there is comparatively little
prospect for tri.de with Germany even in
the food products of this country unless
we can arrange some system ot reciprocity
which will induce the Germans to receive
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MA.V 18, 1597,
American Roods in their markets on ex
actly the same terms that are given to
German goods jn the United States.
We are told that in the kingdom
of Wurtemoerg, the butcher who of
fers for sale meat imported from the
United States must display upon hi«
•hop a sign bearing the words, "Inferior
American Meats for Sale Here." It will
be seen the adjective conveys 10 the mind
of the consumer the idea that American
meats are of an inferior quality. Very
naturally the sale for them will be lim
ited and few dealers will care to carry
them in stock while they are compelled to
advertise them in that way.
Saxony is another of the kingdoms of
the German empire where such restric- i
tiens are placed upon American goods as
make it almost impossible to sell them.
We are told that the importer of Amer
ican pork into that kingdom must first
pay the customs duty for admission to the
empire, then a duty for admission to the
kingdom, next a third duty of '614 cents
per pound for admission to the capital
city of Dresden, and finally a fee of 25
cents per piece must be paid for inspec
tion before sale is allowed, no matter
whether the piece weighs a pound or a
hundredweight.
These example* of German restriction
upon the sale of American exports suffi
ciently illustrate the difficulty which we
have to combat in building up a trade in
that country to prove the trutb of Consul
Monaghan's statement that we would find
larger and speedier profits if we directed
our energies toward expanding trade in
South America rather than in Kurope.
They also make clear the importance of
those reciprocity treaties which were such
a notable feature of the administration of
the State Office under James G. Blame
during the Harrison administration. We
import many millions of dollars' worth
oi goods from Germany every year, and it
would seem that we are in a position to
?ay to her she must accept either reciproc
ity or retaliation.
In the meantime whatever arrange
ments may be made with Germany our
merchants should not overlook the prom
ising field of South America. It is in the
countries of that continent rather than in
those of Europe that we must look for the
upbuilding of a trade which will be bene
ficial and profitable to all concerned.
THE SULTAN'S REPLY.
The reply of the Sultan to the European
powers, that Turkey will not cease hostili
ties before her conditions are accepted,
but will continue the march upon Athens,
may have been intended simply as a claim
for damages which the Sultan does not
expect to obtain, but which may be used
as a basis for exacting from the powers
much larger concessions than he could
have hoped for had he been more modest.
It is a well-underßtood rule in diplomacy
as in law to ask for a great deal more than
the plaintiff has a right to obtain, for no
man ever gets more than he asks for; and,
on the other hand, by asking an excessive
amount a good margin is offered for de
ductions and compromises.
Whether the Sultan intended this kind
of a bluff can only be definitely known
when the final settlement of the question
is made. He has at any rate put himself
in a position where he can treat with the
powers from a point of vantage. He re
tains for himself the right to continue the
march of his victorious troops on Athens,
and throws upon the powers the responsi
bility of .continuing the war by refusing to
accede to hii terms. In doing this he
once more shows the diplomatic skill for
which he has become noted and goes far
to justify the assertion which has been re
peatedly made since the outbreak of the
Armenian massacres that he is by all odds
the greatest master of diplomacy now liv
ing in Europe.
It is not at all likely that his claims will
be admitted by the powers. The inaem
nity of 140 000,000 may do conceded, but
his further claim for the annexation of
Tbesanly to the Turkish empire can
hardly be seriously considered even by
his own advi-er*. The nations of Europe
have had too much trouble with Turkey
even in its present condition to give con
sent to anything which will strengthen
the empire and increase its wealth, popu
lation, territory and prestige.
In some respects it is not a ba 1 thing
that the Sultan has made so large a claim
upon Greece. It will serve to dispel the
lilusion that the Turk is a sick man who
exists in Europe simply by sufferance. It
will make evident the fact that the Turks
are as ambitious and as aggressive as ever
and constitute a continual menace to the
peace of the world. Those who fondly
bel'eved that the Ottoman empire would
die of itself if it were left alone will have
to revise their opinions in the light of this
war and ot the high claims the Turks
have based upon it Ie is apparent the
Ottoman empire is as ready as ever to ex
tend its frontier whenever it has an op
portunity to do so, and Europe instead of
having a dying man on its hands has con
fronting it a powerful and dangerous foe
to whom it cannot afford to make the
least concession or grant the slightest in
crease of power.
LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM UP TO
DATE.
'1 !](■>■ stood beside a singing brook.
And he wan brave and she was fair.
Eer little hand in his He too*.
And pressed a dozen kisses there.
"Ob, let me be thy slave,' he cried; ■ -
'•Oh, let me daily toil for th»e:
But say thai you will be my bride,
And have dominion over me!"
. 'I want no slave," she made reply,
".But what I seek U a money king, .
* With means 10 buy lie earth If I
"-.'■ouid ever chance to want the thing;"' '
—Cleveland Leader.
Wlln YOUR COFFEE
"Suppose, Bobble, that another boy should
strike your right cheek," asked the Sunday
school teneher, -'what would you do?"
"Give him the other cheek to strike," said
Bobbie.
•'That's riijbt," said the teacher.
'■Yes»um," said Bobbie; "and if he struct
thai I'd paralyze him!"— Pearson's Weekly.
"Doctor, I'm a poet, and " began the mar
ble-browed young rhyinesmith, importantly.
"Ah! And you wish treatment?" inquired
the eminent physician promptly.— New Yorx
World.
Hobson— l sent a half dollar to that concern
which advertised an appliance for keeping gas
bills down mid got it this morning.
Dobson— What did they send you.
Hobson— A paper-weight.— New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
There would be a deal less of disturbance in
this world If when a man had nothing to say
he would be silent about it.— Boston Tran
script.
Inward Sorrow.- Uucle Fred— What a good
Kirl you were not to cry when you broke your
dolly.
Good little girl— No, I didn't cry, DUt I's
just as damp inside-— New York Truth.
To make sure that the Atlantic cable would
stand the strain of the Greek names it was
thoroughly tested by one of Kipllngs poems.—
Kansas City Times.
A book agent awoke a man who was sleeping
in Lafayette square, but excused himself and
asked if he did not want to buy a dream book.
—Now Orleans Picayune.
Mr. PizziDgham (timtdlyj-Mr. MUlyuns,
: wh— whether you are aware of it or not I
j d— don't know, but your daughter Elsie loves
me, and 1—
Old Millyum (interrupting)— Oh, never
mind that. She always brings home every
stray puppy that she finds and feeds him.
Half an hour later they found the dazed
young man still walking around in a circle.—
Cleveland Lsaaer.
PERSONAL
Robert Ford of l.oomis Is in town.
X D. Taussig of Palermo is at, tbe Occidental.
The Rev. William Gill of Colusa ia at the
Lick.
Ex-Judge Thomas B. Bond of Lakeport U a
visitor here.
Harwood Morgan of Seattle registered here
yesterday.
A. C. Craig of D»vis, Cal., 1b at the Cosmo
poll fan Hotel.
C. E. Tinkham, a lumber manufacturer of
Ctiioo, is in the City.
A. Gartenlaub, a vineyardlst of Fremo, is
here on a short visit.
John Thoman, a vineyardlst of St. Helena,
is here for a few day*.
J. h. Devendorf, a real estate dealer of San
Jose, is at the Grand.
E. A. Moody, a mining man of Gold Run, ar
rived here yesterday.
W. H. Dudley, a wealthy resident of New
York, is at the Palace.
C. H. Reed of San Luis Obispo came up to
the Bay City yesterday.
A. B. Harges of Portland, Or., i« registered at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
C. 11. Hopkins, a well-to-do business man of
Butte, Mont., ii at tbe Palace.
J. Harrison ana wife of Pacific Grove are
staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
M. Rohm Herzog of Logalbach, Alsace, was
among the arrivals by last night's train
C. W. Roby, a leading business man of
Fresno, wag among yesterday's arrivals.
Kiias Thomas, a wealthy business man of
Portland, Maine, arrived here last night.
The Rev. C, O. Tillotson of Santa Cruz arrived
here yesterday. He is at the Occidental.
Among the arrivals here from Red Bluff
yesterday wag J. L. Barham and Mrs. Barham.
K. \V. Runyan, the well-known banker and
business man of Red Biuff, is a recent arrival
here.
F. Weiler and K. S. Barlow of Tacoma, Wash.,
are among the arrivals at the Cosmopolitan
Hote).
A. Templeton. a business man of Galveston,
Tex., is in the City accompanied by Mrs. Tem
pleton.
Among the arrivals from the north yesterday
was H. B. Cambie of Vancouver, British Co
lumbia.
1' £. Hobart, a wealthy mining man and
ranch-owner of Silver City, N. Mex., is visiting
the City.
John F. Williams and William D. Bennett
have returned after visiting several cities of
the State.
Dr. J. B. S. Egan, Miss Egan, Mrs. G. Hul
burt and L. H. BUkeman of New York are at
the Palace.
V. D. Crysler of Detroit, Mich., who la here
for business and pleasure, is staying at tbe
Occidental.
Charles Monroe, an attorney of Los Angeles,
the partner of United States Senator White, is
at the Palace.
Charles C. Wren, formerly surveyor of Ne
vada County, arrived here yesterday from
Grass Valley.
S. N. Perkins, the City ticket agent of the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, has gone East
on a month's visit.
Matthew Gage, the capitalist, of Riverside,
who owns the Gnge system of canals at River
side and vicinity, is in the Ciiy.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was R.
M. Schotield, a well-known resident of Port
land, Or. He is at the Bal iwin.
Police Judge Low adjourned court yesterday
for his annual vacation, which he will prob
ably spend in the Santa Cnu Mountains.
Justice Groezinger yesterday presided in
Jurf.ge Campbell's place in Police Coart 1.
Judge Campbell has rheumatbm and intend).
to spena a week at Bariiett Springs.
The Reverend E. G. Miller and Mrs. Miller of
Cedar, British Columbia, arrived here yester
day. Mr. Miller has been engaged for some
time in mission work in that part of the coun
try.
Dr. Thomas Flint, tbe early pioneer of San
Juan, who In interested in an enormous area
of land and in various business enterprises,
arrived here yesterday and is at the Grand.
Mrs. Flint came with him.
Antoine de Grublssich-Kereszlur, Charge
! d'Affaires at Buenos Ayrea, will arrive here to-
I day and will stop at the Palace. Arrange
ments have been made for his 'coming by
Carter yon Voorhard of Java, who came yes
terday.
Nat. C. Goodw in, who en jnys an international
reputation as a humorint and comedian, was
among the arrivals by yesterday's overland.
He was accompanied by Maxine Elliott and
Misa G. Elliott ot New York. They are at the
Palace.
Mayor A. G. White of Sandwich, 111., is
among the members of the Order of Railway
Conductors now visiting this City. The Mayor
is a relative of ex-Superior Judge Sanderson of
this City nnd met the Judge yesterday for the
first time in thirty years.
Mrs. Helen Gardener, the distinguished
author of many interesting scientific works
and widely known as ai\ able lecturer, who
appeared here recently during the session of
me Woman's Congress, lias returned to the
City after visiting several of the most attrac
tive suburban poiuts. Mrs. Gardener is now
visiting some of her friends here. She will
probably remain in this City and other parts
of the State during the entire summer. This
was her intention when she reached here some
three weeks ago.
CALIFORNIaNS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., May 17— At the Plaza,
C. H. Smith; Manhattan, Miss G. Kinir; Hoff
man, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hall; Holland, Mr. and
Mrs. R. B. Forraan, Mrs. L.Ellis; Sturtevant,
J. S. Estrange; Cosmopolitan, F. A. Cornell;
Plaza, Mrs. J. Skae, Miss Stae; St. Denis, P.
Smith; Broadway Central, N. P. Breed; Grand
Union, G. B. Day; Holland, R. Warren. Mrs.
G. H. Howard, child and maid left the Plaza
and Siiiled on too Aller for Bremem. Louis
Rupp and Mr«. Caroline Rapp also sailed for
Germany. Mrs. Agne« Markowitz sailed on
tne Ems for Genoa. Isaac Gnldtree arrived
from Bremen on the Aller. Miss Mary Cot
terill arrived :rom Genoa on the Ems. Otto
Soltner of San Diego, Cal., arrived from
Bremen.
MEN AND WOMEN.
Eflie Crocker, a pretty girl ot 23, has cap
tured a star route contract' at Port Washing
ton, N. Y. • .;"•:':;.";■.'.; •! *>-.. .";:
'..;■■ ' ( :"; ; - p ; . .:~:/ .
Fir William Hunter has drawn up an appeal
for the Indian famine fund,' to be distributed
as a leaflet throughout the United Kingdom.
Dr. Nobel's will, turning /nearly all vof - his
property into a fund to further the advance
ment of scionce, is contested by the late In
ventor's relatives. '/
Rudolf Zeller, the Viennese .: operetta : com
poser, has been found guilty of fraud and per
jury and sentenced to one year's imprison
ment at hard labor. ; -  ;;/- -■',■.-; ,■;'.'■' •
.Field Marshal Yamagata of Japan has an
nounced his intention of being present at the
jubilee anniversary exercises of Queen Vic
toria this summer. ;i/ , .
-;■: -,; -\ :,..■■;: r ;■'/.; '.:::'
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend'O
-'.•: •■■ : . .■.. : '. *•■*■.» .■:".".-'• ■ ■:■ \
. | fPFciAi. information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Praii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery '
♦ — ♦— •
,i Conductors— Call and see our California
glace fruits, 50 cents a pound, in elegant fire
etched boxes. Just what you want for Eastern
friends. Townsend'o, 627. Palace Hotel buildg,
-'. Husband's Calcined I Magnesia— Four • first
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
the I taste | and smaller dose than i other mag.
nesia. I For sale in bottles with registered trade
mark labeL -:.--, -\-i-:,.:. ■-,•■ • T--A--.. ■■ *k$
.. - .." ■. . '■ • — ♦■ ,". •a>.t: r.-r
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
"•: The Spring ! exhibition is } now pen daily
from 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and grand concert «very
Thursday ereamg. Open Sunday* - •
SOLDIERS MAY
BATTLE TO-DAY
The Rains Interfered With
the Plans at the Pre
sidio Post.
If Nothing Prevents the Sham
Fight Will Take PJace
This Forenoon.
The Post Field Day Events Will
Take Placs To-Morrow — New
Features to B;- Presented.
I
Had it not rained on Sunday night tbe
sham battle on Golf Hill at the Presidio
would have taken place yesterday morn
ing as announced, but as the heavy rain
had produced an immense amount of
moisture, which bad not sufficiently dried
yesterday morning, it was decided to post
pone (he event until this morning.
The iact that the event was postponed
on account of the moisture is no refUction
on the men in the three branches of the
service, for they are ever ready and will
ing to turn oui, if tnere is any necessity,
rain or shine, but tbe officers bad consid
eration for them and did not think that
any good would result from having the
men tramp in the mud and slush when
the result to be attained could be obtained
by a delay of twenty-four hours.
A large number of citizens visited the
Presidio, which is the most beautiful post
on tbe coast, if not of any under tbe con
trol of the United States military authori
ties, in the hope of seeing tbe contest be
tween the soldiers, who were to defend
the fortifications, and the "enemy" that
was to march upon them, but they were
disaDpomted, still when they were in
formed as to the reason for the postpone
ment, they took their disappointment
good-naturedly and said "better luck next
time." Tbose wbo remained on the
grounds did not have their trip out to tbe
post lor nothing, for they bad an oppor
tunity of witnessing i he drill by a number
of recruits for tbe cavalry, which was an
exceedingly interesting event. Tbe men
rode horses without saddle?, blankets
only being cinched on the animals, and
they went through the movements of dis
mounting and mounting while tbe horses
wore on a trot; they wera instructed in
the manner of holding the reins and in
the art of "turning in tbe saddle" and
other movements.
To-morrow, should the weather be fine,
and the indications are that it will be, the
monthly field day will be held at the Pre
sidio post, morning and afternoon. This
will be a most interesting affair, and while
not on ns grand a Bcale as was the tourna
ment of last month, it will be fully as in
teresting, for there will be a number of
military events that have about tbern a
certain chaim for tbe civilians. The men
who are booked for the several contests
are exceedingly enthusiastic, and it is safe
to say that they will no their utmost to
excel previous records.
There are several new features on the
programme. One will be a broad-sword
contest on foot ; another will be mounted
wrestling by teams, and still another wili
bo a mounted relay race. The drivers'
raoe, which excited so much interest and
was so favorably commented upon during
the tournament, will be repeated. Tbe
programme, as a whole, is a particularly
good one, and the men who are to take
purtin the contests deserve to be encour
aged by tbe presence of a large number of
citizens of both sexes.
DAVIS ESTATE CONTEST.
Judge CofTey Considering Another Will
Disposing or 93,000,000 Woith
of Property.
Judge Coffey yesterday began the hear
ing of the Jacob Z. Davis will contest,
which bids fair to ba a bitterly fought
battle, as tbe estate is worth about
$1,000 090, according to the estimate of the
proponents of the will, tbouzh tbe con
testants declare that $2,000,000 is tbe
proper figure.
There is an Rrray of leernl talent in the
case, Mrs. Lizzie Muir and Mrs. Bell
Yesterday was the gala day of all the year for ihe members of the San Francisco Sehuetzen
Verein. It was the occasion of their thirty-eighth annual May festival, or kin* shoot. Shell
Mound Park was crowded from early morning until late in the afternoon with members of the
Verein. their families and friends, who had gathered to celebrate the lestal day. Almost the
entire active membership of the Verein, which now consists of one hundred and ssventy,
ware present, one hundred and fourteen of whom took part in the shoot
Lawrence Bauer won the honors of the day and was declared the "king shot." George
Alpers came second and won the crown. The other winners were as follows: Apple, E. Barut;
scepter, D. B. Faktor; ring. Ausrust Browning; head, H. Thode ; right wing, Henry Prien;
left wuig, L. Bendel; right fool. A. Bertelsen; left. O. Lenike; tail, J. C. Waller.
At 11 o'clock the "king shoot" b^gan. A wooden eagle, placed on a tall staff at 100 feet
distant, formed tho tnrget. Lots were ca^t to determine the order ot shooting among the
members. Then the earnest began. The object in view was to shnoi down the eagle, piece b'
piec.-, the man bringing to the ground the last piece ot the wooden image of the noble bird
winning the honors of tho day and the title of "king shot," which he will hold for a year.
The other winners were determined according as they brought down from the staff the hend,
a foot, a wing, or some other portion oi the bird. The contest was a close one, and it was
only after some very tine work that Lawrence Bauer finally won out.
After the shoot Bxuer w«s carried about the grounds in a chair supported by six sturdy
fellows, members of the Verein. In the pavilion he was wreathed by Miss Lizzie, daughter of
the president of the order. The ex-king was also wreathed by Miss Kin ma Koch. Dancing in
the pavilion followed the congratulatory address by the president and the response by the
new king.
Next Thursday evening the official crowning of the king will take place at California Hall,
620 Bush street, at which all the prizes won on last Sunday and yesterday will be distributed.
The king' 6 prise is $1&Q in cash, lv addition King Bauer wlil receive a diamond medal.
Curtis, beneficiaries under the will, being
represented by Attorneys Jiastick & Mas
tick, Reddy, Campbell & Metaon and
Tread well, wnile KniehtA Heggerty and
George D. Collins appear for Catherine
Stead and Elizabeth V. Wilson, the con
testantf.
Ten jurors were in the box when court
adjonrned last evening, as follows: G. A.
Berton, B. Sherry, John Lynch, K. R.
Wallace, William W. Hooart. John
Porclier. James Dantnan, Alfred W. Reay,
W. J. O'Neill mv Thomas Breen.
These gentlemen are still subject to
challenge. At 2 o'clock this afternoon an
effort will be made to complete toe panel.
BARKS AND SNARLS.
The San Francisco Kennel Club Will
Open Its Show To-Morrow
Morning.
The dogs of the City have closed their
canine jaws on everything in sight. The
bench show at the Pavilion opens to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock. The dogs will
be benched at the Pavilion prior to 9
o'clock A. M. The Swiss Mountain ken
nels of Pennsylvania will show a repre
sentation ofcocKftr spaniels as cockers are
exploited on the Atlantic slope.
W. S. Kittle will exhibit a kennel of
griffins not to be duplicated this side the
Missouri.
Tod Sloane's setter is expected to make
a prominent showing of interest.
RACING IN A GOOD CAUSE
An Excellent Programme the
First Charity Day at
Ingleside.
The Crack Crejcenio Among the
Carded Starters— No Eeartii of
okies or Jockeys.
The first of the two extra days' racing
to be given under the auspices of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club, '.he net proceeds
of which are to be donated to the Balboa
boulevard, the Woman's Exchange and
the veterinary department of the Uni
versity of California in pro rata propor
tions, according to the amount of tickets
disposed of by the management of each of
the beneficiaries, will take place this after
noon at Ingleside track.
Jf'rom a speculative standpoint the card
is a very attractive one, the different
fields being of moderate size and com
paratively easy to "dope." There will be
no dearth of bookmakers to handle the
coin bet. notwithstanding the recent de
parture of several Eastern penoilers. A
large number of tickets have been dis
posed of, and society : is expected to be
present in full lorce.
The entries are as follows:
First race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, purse.
1008 f-abaoth, ... 09; 1008 Towanda ...... 104
(927)Mls8KemseB..lO4 743 Bosa 99
950 La ! on, a. H9 990 Monnle lone ... 99
1021 Benlda 99 102 X 1.0, Prietos .... 99
Second race, seven-eighths of a 'ml c, selling.
1012 Ji:s Porte us. 103 1 (962)Alizau ........100
1023 Velox 100 (lOlS)Atticui ........103
1028 tieo. Palmer.. lo7 1028 -Adam A udie« 107
Third race, six furlongs, purse.
10*4 KinsWiiliana.l27! ...... Minx 95
1011 Mercutio las 993 I'o.i Gara 1 1 7
(lu2s)^autU7.za. US 1009 Mci-ight. 129
697 Starling 114 902 Kitty Brady. .lo7
1025 Crescendo.... 117
J'our:h race, six and a half furlongs, selling.
- 10J9 Logan 124 1".HO Mainstay ......l 24
J>96 Ver*Kua...... 119 10 5 Ensei .....117
10*7 Pc x tio .119 97» Wm.Pnkerio.li9
1019 William 0'8..1i4[
: Filth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling.
(1017)i:arl Cochran.lo4 9»6 Doyle. 108
999 San Marc 0. ...107 1017 Pepper.... ....11l
1029 Daylight... 107 10k9 Co! 1n5... r..... 108
.10] 6 Hau50m.......10H 1030 Uevault 107
■ £ixtb race, one mile, purse. ■■ - - i
1019 MoMle R 102 1023 Imp. Trance. .lo9
1023 C0nM0t0.,....110 1020 KaiM01. ...... 104
954 Marcel 10 1025 Del Paso 11. ..103
(1022)Tteachery.....ll0 102*2 Jac^ Martin.. 100
(1024; Horatio. 99
■ ♦
SELECTIONS FOB THIS AFTERNOON
First racs-Towanda, Miss Remsen,
I. on Prieton.
Second race— Velox, George Palmer,
Adam Andrew.
Third race— Crescendo, King William,
Sautuzza.
Fourth race — Veragun, Logan, Pelx
otto
Fifth race — Collins, iiausom, San
Slarco.
Sixth race — Del Pago 11, Imp. Trance,
Horatio.
• — ♦ — ♦
The cosMiftst building of modern tim*s
Is the State Capitol of Albany, N. V.,
which has already had snent upon it the
iuinien -c ua of $20,000,003.
TO CLIMB HIGH
ABOVE THE CLOUDS
Two Scientific Parties to
Beard Mighty Mount
Lcgan.
Its Towering Pc?aks Reach Be
yond Those of Mount
it. Elias.
A Reg 'Q Where No Human Voica
Has Ever Been Heard or Foot*
step Left a Trail.
Two fully equipped parties of scientists,
one from Italy and one from Philadelphia,
will leave the Moravian Mission for Mount
St. Elias on the 29ih of May.
The Italian party, which has been cor
responding with Dr. de Vecchi here for
some months, will consist of seventeen,
many of whom are experienced moun
taineers from the Alps. The Philadelphia
party, under Pro essor Bryant, consists of
but eight men. Professor George David
son thinks the smaller party has the
advantage, by reason of the smaller food
supplies and trappings required.
Thinking ihat me Italian party might
come ;o tli is City, the Geographical
Society of the Pacific passed a resolution
on Saturday offering the party its room.*
and the use of all book*, maps and other
data needed; but news was received by
Dr. de Vecchi that Professor Fay of Boston
haa advised the Italians to go by the
Canadian Paoitic, so as to leave for the
mountain t!i*» same day tha American
party starts, May '29, so '.hey will probabiy
not visit San Francisco at ail.
The Italian exue.ii lion was arranged in
March, but the American party has beeu
making preparations lor two years. Pro
fe.-sor M. G. Bryant is an old mountain
climber and lie hoads the party. He has
fully consulted Professors Russell and
Davidson with reference 10 the work:.
"The purpose is to reach the culminat
ing peaks of the Si. Elias range, " said
Professor Davidson yesterday. "Mount
St. Elias is 18,011 feet above the sea, but
Mount Logan, which is twenty-six miles
northeast is 19,022 feat and is the highest
mountain in North America. A mile and
a haif beyond is Mount McGrath, which
is 19,275 feet high."
The last camp will be made by the
American party at Agassiz glacier. From
there the party will travel over the ice
afoot to Mount St. E!ia« and the higher
peaks, beyond latitude 60 and near longi
tude 140. It is the same region visited in
1888 by Lieutenant Schwatka and Seton-
Karr 'for the Ntjw York Times. If the
y arty gets to tlie top of Mount Logan it*
members will be able to see nearly 190
miles. Mount St. Eiias can be seen 185
miles by mxriners.
At presenf absolutely nothing is known
of ths geology of the regions these parties
I are about to visit. All clime 3 hover along
j the cloud-reaching sides ol tlies j monster
peaks, more sub ime by far than Mont
Blanc with its Arve and Arveyron raving
| ceaselessly at its base. With success the
contributions made to science by this
party ought to b' of greßt value.
Recovered v Diamond. --.
Annie Kearns, a domestic in the employ of
C. Potper, Castro street, left ft diamond ring
on the window silt of her chamber and Leo
Sins, another servant, took it and pawned it
with a Chiuese linn at Washington street and
Ross alley.
Detectives Wren and Gibson recovered the
jewol yesterday aud arres.ed Sing ou a charge
of petty larceny.
Excursion to the iCast and Yellowstone
Park.
A party 1* now being formed to make the tour of
the V ■Hous'.oiio Park, leaving lieie about the
29th of May. It will be in charge of Dr. J. C.
Branner of Stanford University Bates «ill be
ver.- reasonable and accommodations first class.
Tlie Yellowstone Perk can justiy lay claim to hav
ing more naturn! wonders und magtnficent scen
ery within its bounds than any other soot lv the
world, and a trip there is oue that will never he
forgotteu. If you would ll:<e to join the party
communicate at once with J. E. McDowell, Stan
ford University, or I". K. Stateler, general ageat
Northern Pacific Kail way, 638 Market St., ». X
The Swiftest Train in "the West—
'■> 2 Bays to Chicago or St. Louis—
4>£ Days to Sew York.
. The Santa *> Limited has dining-car. bnffat
smoking-car und Pallman palace drawing-room
sleeping-cars. .Leaving Kan Francisco at 6p. m
Mondays anl Thursdays, connection is mad. at
Barstow with this handsome train. Through cars
to Chicago, both Pullman palace drawing-room
and. modern; upholstered .. tourist sleepers, run
daily. Tickets also «old via Portland, Ogden, Los
Angeles, iteming or Xl i"aso to all points in the
United States, Canada, Mexico jor Europe. Sea
time table in advertising column. Han Francisco
ticket office 641 .Market street. Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Main 1531. Oakland, Ills
Broadway. '
Railroad Tickets to the Kast Tin Rio
Grande "Western and Denver aud
Rio Grande Rail way
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet, and tourist sleeping car | service ever? d»r.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesdar
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tiolc«L«
Detailed information and tickets furnished ■»- kk
Mouuuuiery street, or 314 California sue.*:.
' ' ' — — ; — -> » < ■ — —
Every mother needs Parker's Oixokr ToNia
It dispels pain, sleeplessness and debility.
i akkku a Ham: Balsam Is lite to tbe Hair.
' ".-'■■ ' : '■ ■ — • — ♦ » i , jii^
Chronic constipation is a troublesome and
dangerous disorder. The surest and safest remedy
Is Ayer's Cathartic Pills. ,'
Count Albert de Mun, the leader of thei
Catholic party in the Chamber of. Deputies,
who has just been . elected to fill Jules Simon's
seat in the French Academy, is a great-grand
son of Helyetius,' the revolutionary philoso
pher, and a grandson of Mine, de Stnel.
NEW TO-DAT.
The Royal— White and Pare
as the Driveu Suow.
POWDER
Absolutely Puro
•OVAL BAKINQ POWOER CO., NEW YORK.
GROVE L. JOHNSON
TT AS RKMOVED HIS LAW OFFICES FROM
J-I Sacramento to Han Krancisco and formed a
Dartnership with Walter H. Linfortb and Geoix*
E. Wtiilaker, with offices at 310 Jflne si.Wat mam €all
TUESDAY MAY 18, lHt>7
AMUSEMENTS.
■ Baldwin Thkatkk — "David Garrlck" and
••The -ilent System."
CoT.rxiniA Thkatxr --Excelsior Jr."
Morosco's Opkra -Hoisk-- East Lvnne."
Alcazar Tni-»ir.R The First Born" and "A
Ulimpst-of Paradise.'
Tjvoli Opkra iiorsK — <ar>t;iin Fracassa."
Oltraai M — High-Class Vaudeville.
. Obkron.— Grand Concert.
;-ttßri Baths.- Bathing and Performances,
Thk Chctks and skating Rink— Dally at
Height street, one block eaa> of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
F.j. CCapo—m po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
" t very Sunday.
AUCTION ;ALKS.
Iv (His Iw; A Co.— This day, M»y 18,
Furniture. »i 11S3 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
li j- . <-. Kpkab A Co.— ihis day. May 18,
Furniture, a: 1240 McAllister street, at 11 o'clock.
By IxmANA 1 T-rTi.'V Co.— ThU day. May 18,
Furniture, at 1171 Mission si., at 11 o'clock.
EtJ.C. Mvtmkr— Tbisi day. May 18. Printing
Establishment, at 625 Washington street, at 10:30
. o'clock.
1 ■> Frank W. FrTTKRFiKi.D— This day, May
18. Furniture, at S'.'o Geary St., at 11 o'clock.
' By Pn.i-iYAN 4 DoYi.it— Saturday. Ma»- 22.
Bugsles, etc., st corner Fifteenth and Valencia
streets, at 10 o clock. .
ft Yon Bhkin A Thursday, May 27,
Brel Kstate, at Salesroom, 618 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Tuesday; warmer Tuesday night.— A.
G.McAdie, local forecast official.
'Nellie A. Cummings has sued Louis B. Cum
ming* lor $4149 72, dated July 2, 1892.
Supervisor Hflskins has presented an ordi
nance totally prohibiting the sale of cigar
ettet.
.-. The Baptist Ministers' Union passed resolu
tions of sympathy for Rev. J. G. Gibson yes
terday.
Ju^lge Hunt ha? refused to grant a divorce in
the case of Isabella Williams against Richard
B. Williams.
Mrs. Sophie Mass was again acquitted in the
" Police Court of|having defrauded E. Cadenasso
out of $200.
•* City Surveyor Tilton is to be paid $7000 bal
ance due on the new official map oi the City
• And County of San Francisco.
'; The State Labor Convention will reassemble
• this eveniug at Ola l ., Market street to discuss
■ ' the Hawaiian labor question.
• Boss Rainey was turned down by the Board
* rtf Supervisors yesterday, and twenty-two of
his followers lost their heads.
.. . James Burke has applied for protection from
his landlady and a huge knife, with which, ho
buys, she at empted to carve him.
• . The baricentine Marion has been purchased
by Captain Green. Ho will fit her out for a
trading cruise to the Southern seas.
Fire Marsha! To we is investieating a fire
which occurred in H. Frohman's clothing
store, 540 Kearny street, last evening.
The first of the two extra days of racing for
the benefit of charity will be Riven at Ingle
side track this afternoon. The card is a good
one.
"Judge Coffey and a jury will hear the con
test of the will of the late Jacob Z. Davis. The
property is worth from $1,000,000 to $2,000,
--000. .•
. J. Arthur Boyken, proprietor of the Snake
druotore, Grant avenue and Sutler street,
died unexpectedly at Auburn, Placer County,
yesterday morning.
Annie Besant lectured on Theosophy last
evening in Metropolitan Hall, and said that
' toe Catholic saints were possessed of truths
taught by Theosophy.
The political ax has again fallen on the
water front. Eight Republican sweepers were
dismissed yesterday, and their places will be
filled with Democrats.
Mabel Keating, a notorious pickpocket, was
yesterday held to answer before tue Superior
Court by Judge Conlan in $4000 bond* on the
cht-rge cf grand larceny.
Governor Budd, Chief of Pelice Lees, District
Attorney Humes and Eugene Deuprey yester
day visueJ Emmanuel Cnurch ami went over
■the £eei;e of Blanche Lament's murder.
'7 11. I i Her turned State* evidence In Judge
Vv aiißce'x court yesterday and swore that Carl !
W. yon Tie<it imuin knew about the forgery of
• the name of Harriet Christy to a deed in 1893.
•'A determined effort will be mnde by the
storekeepers on toe business streets in the
principal portion of the City to have the Su
pervisors substitute electric lights for gas
lamps.
The Camancbe is to go into commission on
July 1, and the Naval Battalion will have a
cruise around the bay on her. Nearly 150
tons of coal was put into her bunkers yes
terday.
Yvonne Carlton, the stranded actress, was
removed from thi- Receiving Hospital to the
French Hospital yesterday by President Im
haus of ilie Actors' and Actresses' Relief Fund
" Society.
J. H. Bybee, an engineer, yesterday filed a
petition id bankruptcy. He owes $892 20 and
as no assets. His principal creditor is Mrs.
E. Spearman, formerly of Fresno, who loaned
Bybee $480.
After being sentenced over two months ago
fax stealing a bajr of sugar, Herman Kamlade
and Josepn Connolly, teamsters, were ordered
- into custody yesterday to serve their sen
tences of seventy-five days each.
The sloop-yacht Regina. while on a cruise to
Vai i» jo, ran on a sunken r<ck last Saturday
night and went down. William Vaughn mid
■ James Lsrue weat down in the yacht, while
Harry turn Suden, Frank Hayes and E. J.
: Innalls were rescued.
Over 300 excursionists who went out on the
••schooner Momezunia last Sunday had a bad
lime of it. The vessel was becalmed off Angel
island and drifted down toward the rocks.
The anchors saved her, but the crowd was far
' from Lome and the rain fell in torrents. They
were finally rescued by the tug aea Witch.
David Carvalho, tne New York handwriting
expert hired by the Fair estate, pronounced
the "pencil" will spurious during yesterday*
- session of tilt Fair-Craw n trial.. Aside from
this the only other interesting feature of tho
■'day was a clash between the attorneys for the i
estate and heirs over & proposed allowance of i
lees.
Suit has been brought by Wells, Fargo
& Co. against tne firm of W. F. Beck & Co.,
composed of W. F. Beck, Robert N. Simpson
and Edgar A. Cohen to collect $45,250 due on !
a note dated September 23, 1893, with in teres',
at 7 per cent a year. Another action by
Wells, Fargo i Co. is for $3200 on a note for
which Louis Landler became responsible on
February 27, 1893.
Sunday night's rein caused considerable
damage to the upper floors of the LirKin-street
wing of the City Hall. A new roof is being
constructed over that part of the building and
there wan a large area left uncovered by the
workmen. An effort will be made to recover
damages from Contractor O'Brien, but his
friends think the City Hall Commissioners
are to blame. A special meeting of tne Com.
mission.-!.* will be held to consider the matter
The pastor and congregation of the United
Evangelical Church are congratulating them
»eivcso:i the fact that their new church was
■ lear of <iebt before its dedication on fcunda.' by
•Bishop Dub«. The liability of $550 was en
' irely wiped out through the eloquent plead
ing of theChscago prelate. The latter has a
reputation as a "collector," having on one oc
usion, in the East, raised $27,000 at one ser
rice for a church. He Jell last night for the
East.
KEW TO-DAY.
• Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Cuticdba Soap, a single application of
Cuticcra (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Ccticuea Resolvent.
is »old tbroorhont the world . Pottbk V. * c Comr. Sol*
Props., Boston. •■ How to Cure Torturing Hnooii," In:
BiftV'St Qiflfcl Scalp and H*ir porlfleo »nd »§«»-
DAD I 0 OMN iificd by CUT.com* ■<>**
EXCURSIONISTS IN
AWKWARD PLIGHT
Becalmed Off Angel Island
in the Drenching
Rain.
Over 300 of Them Crowded To
gether on the Deck of a
Schooner.
Sad Fatality in Connection With the
Cruise of the Sloop-Yacht
R gina.
There was another yachting fatalilv last
Saturday night The sloop-yacht Regina
struck a sunken rock while on her way to
Vallejo, ana went down. Three of the
yachtsmen were saved, but two others
went down with the sloop. The Regina
was one of a combined fleet of Corin
thian and California Yacht Club boats
that started Saturday afternoon for a
cruise to Vallejoand return. She was not
the fastest boat in the fleet and was left
behind early in the race. Her crew con
sisted of Harry turn Suden, cousin of Otto
turn Suden the attorney ; William Vaughn,
a personal friend of turn Saden; Frank
Hayes, a nephew of ex-Councilman Hayes
of East Oakland ; James Lame, son of ex-
Judg« Lame, and Edward J. A. Ingall3.
When the Kegina let her moorings at
Oakland it was clear sailing, but before
Angel Island was reached a heavy mist
had settled down and navigation was dif
ficult. Between 8:30 and 9 p. M., wh*n
near Red Rock, the sloop struck hard and
soon the hold was full of water. Turn
Suden, Hayes and Ingalls goi iatoa dingy
that/vas lowing astern and pulled away
for assistance. Vaughn and Larue were
left on the sloop and were never >c n |
again. The three men in the dingy were |
picked up by some Chinese fishermen and
all retnrned'to the scene of the wreck. No
trace of the yacht could be found. She
had disappeared under the waves ana
there was no trace of the two yachtsmen
who had stood by her. A search party
was sent from Oakland yesterday morn
ing, but no trace of the missing men was
found.
The Regina was 22 fret long and 1 ast
year was rebuilt and fitted by turn Suden.
The sctiooner Montezuma nearly met
the same fate as the Kegina. She went
out with an excursion party and the wind
tailing light drilled near the rocks near
Angel Island before the anchor held.
There were over 300 people crowded 1
aboard the small crait and lor three hours j
they were In a miserable plight. There
was little or no shelter ana the rain fell in
torrents. The small boat was manned
and went to Tiburon for assistance. In
the meantime a liberal use of the foghorn
was made, but it brought no assistance.
Finally, when the party had given up all
hope and some of them had made
themselves as comfortable as possi
ble in the vessel's hold, the tug
Sea Witch hove in sight and
towed the party to Washington-street
wharf. There was one row during the
evening. An aggrieved husband thrashed
a young man who accidentally stumbled
and held 011 to the man's wife to save him
self. The innocent victim got a black eye
and a bleeding nose before friends sepa
rated them. A few minutes' later the
victim learned that the man who had
beaten him wore a white hat and he
started to look lor him. Unlortunately
there were two men wearing white hats,
and the unfortunate second man had the
vials of the victim's wrath poured out on
him. Finally oil wan poured on the
troubled waters and peace was restored
after the husband had apologized to both
the beaten men.
Everybody who has occasion to use
I'oweil-street wharf are wondering when
! Superintendent of Urgent Repairs Patter
j son is going to replace the float. He ha-;
I been told to do so, but still the much- '
j needed landing lit-.* in the cove behind
I the bar^-e office. Yachtsmen and pilots
1 are complaining, and to land ladies any
where nearer than Vallejo street is impos
sible. Last Sunday many of the yachts
men had to climb tne piles in order to
reach the wharf.
The schooner Sailor Boy is now dis
charging lumber at Fremont-street wharf.
\\ lien the work is completed she will load
coal for the whaler*, who will meet her at
Wrangel Island next month.
The shipment of apples that came over
here from Australia on the Alameda and
which was destroyed by Inspector Craw
of the Board of Horticulture has turned
out to be a most dangerous pest, from
which the United States is free. Dr. L.
O. Howard of the United State* Depart
ment of Agriculture, to whom Mr. Craw
gent a sample, writes back saving. "This
would indeed be a most unfortunate im
portation did the insect get a foothold in
this country." He also praises the in
spector'n action in burning up not only
the fruit but the boxes also.
Half of the cabin of the schooner Win
chester is being removed. When th*
work is completed &he will go on a co'l
n-hing cruise.
The barken tine Marion has been sold,
to Captain Green, late master of the whal
| ing bark Alaska. He will fit her out for a
I trading cruise in the Southern seas, and
expects to do well.
There were more chances in the Harbor
Commissioners' employes on the water
front yesterday. Eight sweepers who were
appointed while Commissioner. Cole was
in office were dismissed, and eight Demo
crats will take their plates. Tub political
ax i* fulling slowly but steadily. ■ ■ • ■ ■
The Commissioners wi!l meet to-morrow
to consider the building of a free market.
As many farmers as possible have been
notified, and a bie attendance 13 expected.
A big effort will be made on the part of
Messrs. Colnon, Chiidbourne and Harney
to come to some understanding with the
farmers and fruit men. ,;•*'•■
The monitor Camanche took on board
125 tons of coal from a scow-schooner yes
terdny, ami i« now ready for sea. Early
in July tt-e Naval Battalion will be mus
tered on board, the moorings slipped and
the old-iim«r will start on a cruise around
the bay. Officers from the navy-yard will
drill th« men, and then, after the maneu
vering, the Carnanche will steam up to
Mare Island, where she will be docked
and cleaned and painted. The members
of the battalion will return to the navy
yard when the monitor has been over-,
hauled, mid will bring her back to San
Francisco.
FOUND DEAD.
Another Corpse Situ Near a Feast In
Goltlan (Jate Park.
Workmen in the park went up into the
brush ye-t&rday on the side of the bill
near the speed track to eat lunch and es
cape the swarm of gnats that infect that
locality. They camped a few feet |from a
dead man who wa> sitting on the hori
rontal limb of a tree about a foot from the
ground. He had been dead übout two
months. No weapons of any kind w?re
iound near ihe tody. The deceased was
dressed in a dark of clothes, wiib a
weil-worn brown Fedora hat. All that
could be discerned of his features was a
long and heavy red mus ache.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
Nothing was found on tlie person that
would serve to identify it.
Trunk* Moved 25 C«nt».
Commercial Transfer Company, 48 Gutter gt.
Tel. Main 4y. Furniture moved reasonably. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
The So p-Yacht Fegina as sht Appeared Last Night in the Vicinity of Red Rock* She Struck
on a Sunken Reef About 9 P. M., and Two Out of the Five Yachtsmen Ahead Went
Down \frith the Vesse!.
THE COURT HELP
IN DIRE DISMAY
Alarming Increase of Ex
hibits in the Fair-
Craven Trial.
Clash Among the Plaintiffs' Coun
sel Over a Question
of Fees.
Carvalh<\ the £s at< 's S laried Exp rt,
Opines that the "Penci." Will
Is a Tracing.
If parade and a show ami paraphernalia
and accouteiments generally are destined
to have any effect upon the minds of the
jurors in the Fair-Craven litigntion the
executors of the multi-millionaire's estate i
have already an important advantage over j
the lady who has in her posaer.sion deyda j
to two valuable pieces of property claimed I
by the heirs.
What with wagon-load < of charts bear- !
ing niagniiied photographic reproductions !
\ of the ''pencil will," the deed?, Senator ]
j Fair's business letters and his bank-check
signature, with made-to-or<ier scaffolds !
upon which to hanp these cieantic writ- ,
ings; with plain, ordinary photographs of j
EXPERT CARVALHO ScfSftlsbei the Celebrated "Pencil"
Will and Says It Is a Tracng.
everything imaginable and duplicates
thereof t>y the dozens; witli notarial
blanks, printing oflice timecards, entry- J
books iind what not; with microscopes |
and various other kinds of scopes — the
plaintiffs in this celebrate 1 case have con- j
vened Judge Slack's courtroom into an |
exhibition nlnce that outrivals the side- '■
show of the bissest three-ring circus ex- i
tant. True, th re huve been objections
registered here and tiiere to the introduc
tion of these freak*, but they were of a
purely leijal and tecun.cal nature.
It is all good enough until Judge Slack
is compelled to shift his court from one
part of the City Hall to another, as he has
had to do every day or two tince the tritl i
began, and then it it that the clerks and |
bailiff* and their myriad assistants have |
cause to puff and perspire and even swear, |
for it devolves upon them lo lug all of th.s I
1 junk along in the wake of the procession. :
The irial originally l>e<ran in Judge Slack's j
own courtroom on the top floor, but be j
was driven out of there by the workmen j
on tho roof and moved to Judge Troutt's '
quarters. From there ho went to the Ku- !
liervisors' chamfer, tlionce to Judge Heb- !
liar t's courtroom, buck again to the chain- .
her. and yesterday lie was driven into i
Judge Cook's tempie of justice. The end
of this migration is not yet, and the birth
of new and cumbersome exhibits is on the
increase,
But all this has its interesting features,
even if t lie backs of clerks and bailiffs are
being broken. It amuses the crowd, and
relieves the monoto:-.y and Humdrum |
that has chniacieriz?d" the trial until — j
Well, until yisteniav. There was some
thing oi an awakening yesterday, but j
still nothing sensationa 1 . It began when :
a iow among the attorneys for the plnin- \
t iff* developed, and after thnt had sub- j
sided the audience was &rpt irom uozing i
by tlio several wordy collisions and the
sharp repurtee between Attorneys Foote !
for the defense and Knight for the other;
side, iiy the way, speaking of Mr. Kni?hl,
that silver-tonj'.ued orator made his sec
ond audible appearanc? in tbe trial at |
yesterday's session, and is now presumed i
to be in the case with "both feet" as ihe j
saying goes.
Heietofore people have wondered vrhy
it was that a recognized ltader of the Fair
I hosts, such as Mr. Knight has been since
; the development of premonitions of a con
i test over the estate, should have so little
to say in a case of this magnitude. There
have been pronounced rumors to the c •
feet thai all was not harmony In the ranks
of the plaintiffs' army of attorneys, and
after yesterday's little set-to there can
scarcely be any doubt of the truth- of
these.
' Mr. Knight took his seat in the court
room on the very opening of the morning
session, and he looked like business all
over. He did not have to wait long for
tho business, for about the first thins; that
happened was the presentation by Attor
neys McEnernev and Pierson, who repre
sent the executor.*, of an application for
an allowance of additional fees.
I Mr. Knight, who appear* in the case
for the heirs as intervenors. was on his
■ <■■•■'. in a minute with an objection. It
developed. from what he said ti.at Messrs.
McEnernev mid Pierson have already re
ceived $79,025 for services rendered the
special uciminiijtraiors in entering the so
called 'trust" will for probate; $20,00)
more out of the fund left by Senator Fair
for the purpose of probating his will, and
now want another big slice for services to
the executor* "after the probate of the
will." Mr. Knight's complaint was that
the thing was being overdone, and that
his client!!, the heirs, were the ultimate
sufferers. •
Judge Slack declined to pass upon the
matter offhand. It was something, he
said that would be considered wlien he
was fixing the compensation of attorneys
later in the game.
This over, the dreary work of intro
ducing more negative* and enlarged re
productions of handwriting, all for the
swelling of the sideshow and correspond
ing 'suffering of the clerks and * bailiffs,
was* resumed. There was an objection j
and a debate when the plaintiffs sought
! to introduce negatives of the letter writ
! ten by Senator Fair to Mrs. Nettie Craven,
In which he refers to the "psncil" will
and the deeds he is said to have given her.
The court finally ruled that it was admis
sible.
David N. Carvalho, the New York hand
writing expert, was called to the witness
stand at the opening of the afternoon
session. George A. Knight conducted the
direct examination. Carvalho testified
that be In-ld the position of official expert
on disputed handwriting, inks and pnoio
graphs for the Grand Jury of New York
1 County, and held the same position in
Brooklyn. He had been a photographer
for thirty years, bm of late years had de
voted mm elf chiefly to the reproduction
of handwriting rather than to portrait
work. Curvallio said also that he knew all
about standard inks. Ink, explained,
was tanno gal late suspended in water by
means of gum.
"How did you happen to come out here
from New York?' asked Mr. Knight.
"I came here to testify in the case of
Angus vs. Craven," he replied. "I was
sent for by the executors of tne Fair es
tate and expect to be paid by them."
Mr. Knight now wanted to know if the
witness had examined ail of the checks,
letters, wills, deeds, negatives and en
larged reproductions of documents that
had been introduced as evidence in the
case and received an affirmative reply.
Attorney Foote, who was scheduled to
conduct the cross-examination for the de
fense, asked permission io ask the witness
a few questions in order to test his com
petency. In answer to him Carvalho ad
mitted that he never had had the pleasure
of a persunal acquaintance with Senator
Fair in his lifetime. Neither had he ever
seen the millionaire write. He confessed
that this would handicap him somewhat
in testifying, inasmuch as he would have
'o surmise now, whereas he would other
wise have been certain.
Mr. Knight took the witness again and
began allowing him the checks and let
ters admitted to be in the handwriting of
Senator Fair. Carvalho said he had made
a careful study of all of them for the
purpose of making comparisons with the
disputed handwriting.
Carvalho proceeded to tell the i jury how
he made his comparisons, but Lis remarks
developed into a veritable argument for
the plaintiffs and he had to be stopped by
the court. After considerable difficulty
with him on this account, be finally testi
fied that as the result of his investigation
he had reached the conclusion that tne
"pencil" will was a tracing — forgery.
He had found words in the will so similar
to repetitions of those words that he was
sure that one had been copied from the
other. The will in his salaried \ opinion
was written slowly and ■ laboriously,
whereas Senator Fair's admittedly genu
ine writings showed that he bandied a
pen or pencil with rapidity. .
Carvalho was explaining his theories in
detail when court adjourned.
ORDERED INTO CUSTODY.
Herman Kamlailo »'id Jaieph Connolly
Must *>erve Their Sentences.
Herman Kamlada and Joseph Connolly,
teamsters, were arrested over two months
ago for stenlin ? a bag jof sugar : from the
Southern Pacific freijr,htshed>, Fourth and
Townsend streets.. They *v were, convicted
by Judge Conlan and eech was sentenced
to pay a line of $150, with the alternative
of seventy-Jive days in the County Jail. i- ;
Their attorney gare notice of appeal but
neglected to rile the. neces-ary papers or
bond. Judge Coni^n abcu tnis time be
came sick and Justice of Hit Peace Kerri
i;nn took bis place on the bench. By some
extraordinary gKHI Kamlade and Con
nolly were allowed their liberty, but yes
terday ; Judge ; Conlan ordered them Into
cu-ioJy and they were arrested and sent
to the County Jail. " - /,'t?^^^
Grtawold Was Kjoeted.
The Market-street Railroad Company has
been sued in tho Ju-tit-es' Court by \V. >'.
Griswold lor *'-.">() damages. The plaintiff
claims thai he was refused it transfer from the
Slx'.eeuth-street line to the Folsnm-itreet
cars, and was forcibly ejected from the luttsr
wuen he refused to pa; fare.
VON TIEDEMANN IS
NOT SO JAUNTY
John H. Fidler, a Former
Companion, Turns State's
Evidence.
Testimony That the Prisoner at
the Bar Directed the BogU3
Deed Conspiracy.
Attorney Campbdll Introduces the
Witness' Former Confession Which
Excn'pited Yon Ti d man-.
John H. Fidler yesterday supplied the
sensation that for tome time has been ex
pected in the trial of Carl W. yon Tiede
man, who is on trial in Judge Wallace's
court on a charge of perjury.
Hitherto Fidler, who is a convict in the
Foisom Btate prison, has been held up by
Attorney Alexander Campbell as a friend
of Yon Tiedemann, and at a former trial
an effort wan made to secure the introduc
tion of au affidavit made by Fidler that
would prove favorable to Yon Tiedemann.
Judge Wallace ruled out the affidavit, and
it was apparent tnat this action by the
court had an effect on the jurors, as they
failed to agree, and a new trial was or
dered.
When Fidler appeared on the witness
stand yesterday, being brought from Fol
som prison in rerponse to a summons
issued on behalf of tno prosecution, there
was considerable excitement among the
adherents of Yon Tiedemann, for they
were curious to hear what the witness
would say to the detriment of the ac
cused.
Fidier was formerly one of Yon Tiede
mann's associates, and while thus acting
pot into difficulty. He and Yon Tiede- |
niann were charged with a felony, and to c
the surprise oi everyone Fidler pleaded
guilty. He afterward explained to his
trieadl that he took this coums because
Yon Tiedemann said that was the only
way to extricate all of them and that he
would get Fidler out of jail in a few
months. Fidier was sentenced to a term
of years in the State Prison at Foisom,
after which Yon Tiedemann teemed to
forget about him, but Fidlor did not lose
hope «nd consistently reiused to testify
against Yon Tiedemann, though called on
by the Diairiot Attorney to do so. In re
sponse to all questions touching his rela
tions with Yon Tiedemann he replied that
he would decline to answer on the ground
that his reply miglit tend to convict him
of a feiony.
At the opening of yesterday's proceed
ings it was quickly made apparent that a
change had come over Fidler's feelings,
for he at once confessed that ho waß a
confederate with Yon Tiedemann in the
forgery of the deed that caused the origi
nal complaint to be filed against them.
In that transaction it was pretended that
Mrs. Harriet (Jbrisiy sold some real estate
lor several thousand dollars, and a man
appeared who said that he wes Horace G.
Pratt, and ftened two notes for $1600 each.
As a matter of fact Mrs. Christy had no
intention of selling her property, and the
notes pretended to be given for the prop
erty were fictitious and were procured for
the purpose of helping alone a scheme to
dispose of a bogus title of the property to
other parties.
When Mrs. Christy complained to the
police that her signature had been forged
to a pretended deed Yon Tiedemann was
arrested. On his trial he told the jury
that he had been imposed on ; that a cer
tain woman appeared in his office and
tula ly personated Mrs. Christy. He said
he would know the woman If he saw her
again. A photogranh of Mrs. Sarnh Owen
Spencer was shown to him and he swore
that it was a picture of the woman who
personated Mrs. Christy.
It so happened that Mrs. Spencer had
been charged with implication in some
questionable transactions, but had cleared
nerself, and it was suspected that this
former alleged blemish on the woman's
record hnd caused her to be selected as a
likely victim for Yon Tiedemann's de
livery. The jury believed him and ac
auitted him of ail blame in connection
with the bogus deed.
Information of Yon Tiedemann's alle
gation was sent to Mrs. Spencer, who was
In Chicago, and she responded by declar
ing that she was not in the State of Cali
fornia at the time of the Christy transac
tion and therefore said that Yon Tiede
mann committed perjury when he swore
that she was the woman who personated
Mrs. Christy.
Mrs. Spencer at once returned to San
Francisco and presented proofs to the
Grand Jury that she was telling the truth,
whereupon Yon Tiedemaun was arrested
on a charge o( periury.
Mr. Campbell yesterday informed the
couit thHt this is :he tilth time his client
has been on trial before a jury for felony
charged to have grown oui of this 1 ran suc
tion and that he had not yet been con
victed. If the jury places any reliance
on Fidler's testimony in the present trial
a different result may be expected, for he
swore that from beginning to end Yon
Tiedemann led the conspiracy and di
rected the proceedings, even going so far
as tn suggest that Fidler should sign the
name Horace G. Pratt to the notes and
mortgage on transfer of the property.
On cross-examination by counsel lor the
defense Fidler admitted he had refused to
testify against Yon Tiedemann hiiiKTlo.
He explained that he had declined to
appear against Yon Tiedemann because he
bad hoped to secure help from him in
getting out of the State prison. Hi was
finally convinced that Yon Tiedemann was
not going to assist him and i.c therefore
resolved to tell the truth.
The somewhat noted affidavit of Fidler,
in which he recited a state of affairs that j
would completely exonerate \\>n Tiede- j
mann, was read. Fidler confessed thai be
signed the statement and said he did so
because Yon Tiedemann promised to get
him out of jail in two hours if he signed it.
He would have signed anything under the
circumstances, and did not read the docu
ment and did not dictate a word of it, ns
it was taken to him in the jail where he
w«s incarcerated. That wns July 3, 1894.
It was plain that Fidler s tcsiinionv
cnused great uneasiness on the part of
Yon Tiedemann, who has lost much of
the jaunty air that characterized his man
ner during the previous trials. He teems
to have lost confidence in his lucky star,
bet he still remains the best dressed man
in the courtroom.
The average number of novels i**ued
100 years ago in Arnerioa and Great Brit
ain was sixteen. Now the average is two
or three a day.
KEW TO-DAT.
You don't complain of
your tea, because, bad as it
is, you a don't know that
better tea is within your
reach.
- Schilling's Best is within
the reach of everybody who
can afford tea at all.
; ■■'.'■■■ ' ;.■ . " ■ . . . ,
A Schilling & Company . .- ,- '■ .
■ .-_-.'. San Francisco .-. \.: '' 481. j
SPRING SUGGESTIONS,
Take Special Care During Nature'^
House-Cleaning: lime. -v,,^'.'
Avoid draughts and sudden changes of
temperature. *
Do not discard your warm winter cloth*
ing too soon. It is better to suffer a little
inconvenience than to take cold.
Remember that one is specially liable
to contract a bad cold or chili at this sea-
son of the year.
A cough or cold contracted between the
seasons is the most annoying kind, and
may last through the summer.
To -, make the home happy, keep the
health secure. Poverty may come, but it
can be endured if the health remains. ; .
No health was ever maintained without
assistance. .Health, like the body, must
be supported. But do not make a mistake
and do it foolishly. .
If you feel a cough or a cold coming on,
take a drink of pure whisky at once. It
will keep the blood in circulation, and is
the best preventive against the diseases of
the season.
Remember that only pure whisky should
be taken. Duffy's Pure Malt Whisky has
the strongest recommendations from the
leading scientists and medical men. It is
the only standard medicinal whisky. Take
no other from your druggist. '
DRUNK FOR TWENTY YEARS,
A correspondent writes: "I was drunk on
and off for over twenty years— drunk when I
had money, sober when I had none. Many
dear friends I lost, and numbers gave me good
advice to no purpose ; but, thank GoJ, an angel
hand came at last in the form of my poor wile,
who administered, your marvelous remedy,
'Anti-Jug,' 10 me without my knowledge or
consent. I«m now saved and completely
transformed from a worthless fellow to a sober
and respected citizen." .
If "Anti-Jag" cannot be hß<l at your drug-
gist, it will be mailed in plain wrapper with
full directions how to give secretly, on receipt
of One Dollar, by the Rer.ova Chemical Co.,
66 Broadway, Now York, or they will gladly
mail full particulars free.
Ely's Cream BalmPpiUil
Cleanses the Nasal B&'^ e$V Hri'i?l
Passages, Allays Pain H mrvrr?'a3 r®3
and Inflammation, fc!P r£V Eft 3j>£ *> &
ReHtores the Senses of Bats | v<s'<y/f'a
Taste and Smell. B9 _> £§/
Heals the Sores. m&s£*^^<£&l&£M
Apply Balm Into each nostril Rsßk'sVV^ ''^
■LT BBOB.6BWarreu rt.N.Y y Cz>^ c " rx^m
| NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.iUYi<A« tesMjij (Inr->rnr>Mteaj..,..i'ru»):;4.J.-|
Ml;. >. C.
oooiDv^iixr
Supported by Miss Jlaxi.vkEliiott& Company.
1 u-MGHT and Wed. Kv'k and Sat. Matinee,-
Double Comedy Bill— Robertson's sterling Comtdy
DAVID GrAXinXCH:
Mr. uoodwin as David Uarrick.
To be followed by th« ComedteMa. ••IHK SILENT
SYSTKM."
Thursday. FrL and Sat. Kvenings— Sheridan's
the: JELT.~S7 m jA.li&
M.K. GOODWIN as Bob Acres
NEXT MONDAY— The Great Comedy Triumph,
•AN AMERICAN CITIZKX."
TRItDLAMI:iUOTTI.OD* a?- lfTirr<rTHW>m
LAST SIX NIGHTS
Of Rice's Gorgeous Extravaganza,
EXCELSIOR JR.
- New Specialties— New Features — New *on?i.
Note.— Theater cic d next week for renovation.
Monday. May 31.
THE FKAWLEV COMPANY
In 'THE FATAL, CARD."
MOROSCO'o
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAL'ltli ilul'.OMO. , vii) l.essea and .l».liji:
BEAPPKAHANCE
Of Our Favorite Leading Actress,
MAUD EDNA HALL
Beturning from Pronounc-d Enst-rn Successes—
in Her Una*. Impeisonation of
LADY ISABEL in : -
— "EAST ursmxisr-ESV' —
A l'lav Teemiuc With Human Interest.
ELEGANT SC-NKBV!
iPLf.NDIO DBI'SSKS!
— COSTLY AC'CtSSOKIKS!
Evening Prices— lOc. 25c and 503.
Slut in ft haturclity an. I MuTKlar.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOU32
UiUitKMui'iiNk: A k ft. ix i. Proprietor <s ilaua^*:
- — THIS EVENING
FIRST PRESENTATION
I Of DeUlnger'a Latest Comic Opera Success.
GAPTAIN FR/\CASSA !
(The Prince of Li»r>».)
QRBATOAST !
NEW SCENERY! COKRBIT COSTUriES !
QRANDjBALjIjKT I
n''. rThe Carnival in Venice!
Vpft? The firework ui«p ay !
\O\j\Jt (xho Magittcent 11 lamination!
Podu't Prices 23-: a-»-l ! s^fl|
Europe's (reatPFt Comedy Quintette,
m%m P.MTOIIIE 'COJIPIST.!-
-"The Juggling Waitress and the Twis 1 ing Waiter,"
! THE .K-KXB: the Eccentric Aiusirnl Ar«
tlJt?, ■'!>(> .*• I -SO 1.- DO": THE KKO.N'EJIAS.V
BHOSm ueiLLE.andabillo utuijualexiellencs
• Reserved Seats; 'Joe; Ba cony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box -put*. scio.
• The Venetian Ladies' Orchestra la the annex
every evenln ■ after the per.ormanfo.
II I A A *9 II I ANOTHER
AluAZAfij CROWDED HCUSfi
BfrUisco&Lai-'uilN-.Mis. I " LAST NiOHT.
Enormont Puciess of the Donble Kill.
. The Famous Farcical Comedy.
A tiLIMI'-K Ol' J'AKADISE.
.and Francis Power. 1 Chinese Drama,
THE F.iiST BUUN. -
'/>i^ The Greatest Novell of the Season. •■
GF.a OSHui'K.SK, AJJi LR BELC4AKDK. HUGO
- TOLA and the Sup Alcazar Company.
Prices. 16c to 60c. He*.., uy .i-plmiio. Black t»9l.
INGLE SIDE TRACK.
RACLW £tt&£ RACISO
TWO BXTR-^'DAYS!
Tuesday. May 18. Wednesday. 31av 19.
' The proceeds to tie donated to 'he Balboa Boule-
vard, 1 he Woman's Exchange a 1 d the Veieriuary
Dct>artmen: or the University of California.
Hve or more KaCes each day. beginning at 2 p.m.
Special Hace Trains' via Soutn^rn Pacific from
Third and o\vns?lnd streets, stopping at \ alencia.
st , at : 1:10 P m. Honnd-trtp: t clcett, mc i.ding
admission 10 grounds. 91- - ,- .!
JaUslon-it. KuC.ric tinedirec:tn True*.
ADMISSION O.\K POIjLAK.
>. N. AMJliUib, ire.sident.
F. H.-Q BEEN. Secretary. _^
SUTRO BATHS.
OPKN NIGHTS! OPK> NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. H. UNTIL II P. H.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evenin :.
Bat bin*, including Admission: Adult*. 'ISc: Chli.
dren, 2Ua: : G«ner*l Adnils-iuti, JOs; . Children. 6a
OBERON. OBERON.
' * .C'Farrell Street, near Stockton.
FERDIO STAiiTultil) <MCERT
Every Evfnlng-At>3llSs toy FRKK.
THE CHUTES.
i Continuous Open- Air Performance*
* 'J-Ter*- Afternoon and Kvenine. C
TO-NIUHT-MILr. KATIM. It ACE,
- i . WALDBTKIN VS. JOU> HON.
'Admission 100. - Children sa.
78
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SI'MMAKI OF THE «AJBU«I,
Values harliy affected by the rain.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat Fir.ures opened lower.
First New Barley arrived.
Oats, corn and Hre unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Hay as before.
Potatoes in good demand.
Cucumbers arrlvine from Marysvltle.
Currants in from Sau Leandro.
Strawberries and Cherries sold wall.
l'oultry unchanged.
Pinter and Eggs weak.
Cheese unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Hogs steadier.
THE KAIV A>'l> THE MAKKETS.
The r»in cf Sunday prrduced hardly any effect
on the markets yesterday. Koports received up
to noon showed an average fall of about .25 of an
inch alo:is the central and upper coast and ia the
northern counties, while tlie Joaqmn and Sa
imns valleys s;o: none to speak Of. The Santa
i lara Vu'l'y tot a sprinkle, ranging from .1)2 to
.25, a;id this was the southern limit of the storm.
I he upper coast cnnuies received the lion's share,
h,-,.,.,:i i c half an inch at several points. Thus it
• geeu ' hat the fall was too light to mate
rially affect values.
Explanation.
Tie arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiirk" means high barometric pressure and
is usually acfomrjanied by fair weather: "low"
rtfers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the '-low Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
Ihe 1 ressure falling to the California coast, warmer
w either may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
THE WKATHK t BUREAU.
United States Dvinun of Agbicul-
TtEE. WkaTHER BCBKAU. SaN FRANCISCO,
May 17. lby", 5 P. M.— The followine are the sea-
Bonal rainfalls to date' as compared with those
of the same date last season and rainfall during
the pa>t twenty-four hoars:
Kureka. past 24 houra .00, this season 49.46.
last season 50 69; Red Bluff, pas: 24 boars .02,
this season 24. 12, last season 21.74: San Fran
cisco past 24 hours .59. this season 23.22, lasi
season 20.84; Fresno, past 24 hours .00, this sea
son 1053, last season 8.16: San Luis Obispo. past
24 hours 04, this season 20.74, last season 17. 64;
Los Angeles, past 24 hours .00. this season 16.85,
last season 9 85; -^an Diego, paHt 24 hours .00, this
season 11.69. last *e;ison ri.f>"_': Yuma, past 24
hours. Ol. this season 5.35, last season .88.
Man Francisco data: Maximum temperature 63,
minimum hb, mean 59-
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
'I he area of low pressure, which was central last
night over ilonana, has moved slowly eastward
and an area of high pressure now overlies the en
tire Pacitic Mope. During the past 24 hours there
li is h- en a steady ri.-e in pressure over the greater
port. on cf the Pacific Slope.
Ihe tempera ure nas fallen decidedly In Ne
va :a. Idaho and Eastern Washington; it has risen
in the sa ramenio Valley and on the northern
coast.
Lizht rain ha* fallen in the .'•acramento Valley,
Northern Nevada. ( re con and Washing on.
« thunderstorm is reported at Bismarck.
F c is reported at several stations along the
coas\
Forecasts made at San Franc sco for thirty hours
ending midnight May 18 1897:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, warmer In
the iiiernoon and night in ihe interior: northerly
wiruls inland , weuerly winds on the coast: tog In
the mornlriK.
>outhern California— Fair Tuesday, except fog
on the coast: westerly wind*.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer rorthwest In
the afternoon and night.
Utah— liuin in ihe early morning; cloudy Tues
day: cooler north.
Arizona— Fair luesday.
»n trancisco an 1 vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
w rucr Tuesday night; fresh westerly winds;
fo; in the morning.
AIKIAXnKE McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
Jfl.W VOKK MARK.KT3.
SEW YORK, N. V., May 17.-The stock mar
ket opened moderately active and slightly lower
in sympathy with lower prices for Americans on
oneasmesi in regard to Cuban developments at
■Washington to-day.
The market soon developed a better tone and
general improvements occurred under the leader-
Ship of the high-priced industrials, in which trad
ing was anima:t-d for a short time.
Some support was accorded specialties in the
second hour's trading, which exercised a benefl
da 1 effect on the general circulation.
Itver, 611 /sc; Lead, $3 11'%; Cooper castings,
It)' s c.
-News Iron? Turkey of exorbitant demands and
evidence of the Porte being indisposed to acquiesce
in the wishes of the powers has imensilied the
bearish feeling of the stccic market to-day. None
of. hese c.rcumstances, however, influence I the
prices in • > riy dealing'!.
In the tina place, quotations on American secu
rities in Loddou did not rehVct t c uneasy ieelin~
created abroad by the attitude of the Turkish Gov
ernment. At the very start professional traders
discovered they were only sellers of stoc* and also
that the supply in sieht nai unusually meae<>r
1 hey therefore immediately endeavored to change
their position and continued that policy throuzn
out the day. 'I he advocates of lower prices en
countered a further disappointment when thi
President's message re^aidinit th«- Cuban situation
>v»« made public. It was much more conservative
than th".v expected. The bear position was also
aggravated by th» course of t.<e i niraeo Gas
which proved to be more extensively dealt in than
a iyo. her stock an 1 scored a net advance of 2U,
percent.
!Mi;ar Kefiniuc, which was second only to Chi
cago 'ias in respect to act vi-.y, and shares of
«;ranger '1 runk lines showed a groat deal of
strength, closing fractionally Higher than Satur
dry. Of the few net declines lecord d that of 2
points hi General tlectric was most important.
Fiacti 'iial decline in American Tobacco is ex
plained by the judicial at els. on a.a.nsi the com
pany In Illinois, fiom which, however, an appeal
will betaken.
Closing was strong at about the best for the ma
jority ot the Ist Government bonds eaeier. Hall,
wav bonds dull, but firm. .-> mons the Important
advances were N a vig tion fours % to 841,4. South
ern Pacific conso -i y% to 87, Tcabs and rJew Or
leausconsol lives 3/ 8 t J 96. ' •
Money oh call ly 2 time money: 60 days, 2 per
cent: Sand 4 months, s!^; 6 months. 3 per cent
balance of year, 'SVg: 12 months 4 per < en ton good
mixed Stock >■ ha ige collateral; prim? indorsed
bill* receivable. 3y z (a334 percent: choice prims
single name. 3%@4 percent: good names. 4@!> per
cent. J'nitfrt c.-,Kini; rates lor sterling $4 87 for
lo % bills ami $4 HBV2 for demand. Actual rates
long bil a *4 861.4. sigbt draf;« $4 87»4@
4 8. V SI cab.« transfers 84 87Vi®4 873,^. Domes
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorrr St., Tel. Main 1954.
ckntkai. orricß
f2S Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest ' market Quo-
tat ions. .Reference Ist National Bank, s. i".
CHICAGO. fiuvAii. wiuii. KiSW YuaK.
tic exchange c New York and San Francisco,
sight 12% c premium, telegraph 15c premium.
heat and Flour.
WHEAT- 30:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May 80% *0 W)3/ '«
July 77*4 77% 77% 773,, 775,8
September 735/J TO* 731 * 7:^» 73V 4
De« ember — 74S>s 74*,, 74% ?-» 3 /8
spot, dull, lower: sales 32.000 for export: f.ab.
afloat No. 1 Northern spring New Yor<, 8'. J -V 8
No. 1 Northern spring Duluth, H4y 8 c: No. 2 liard
winter tiOVgc; Na hard winter. 'ißsfec
Future c.o.lug: Mar. HOB/«c: June, 79V 8 c; July,
77% c: September. 73Vic; December. 74S/ 8 _
ri.OUR-Wini«T. lib.*: Superfine. $2 '443 05;
No. i extra. S3 3«@3 40: No. 1 extra. $3 55:«» 75;
clears ?.-( 65@3 75: straights, $4 i!s@4 45: patents,
$4 55@>4 90.
GRAIN FREIUHTS-.New lork to Liverpool.
by steam, l%d.
. Produce. '
PROVISIONS— Lard, prime, (ft 10.
PORK-Mess. $8 60®9. \ - ,
TALIOW-3c.
BUTTKK— Creamery, Western, 15c.
E«GS— sta'e, fresh gathered, lie.
SUGAR — 89-degree, 2%c: 96-degree, 3 5-1 6 c:
centrifugals. 96 degree, Ji6-16c: molasses sugar.
*9-deeree. 2%c: refined, V&c lower lor 4, 6, 6 and
7, unchanged for 11, 12 aiu 13: raw. dull, steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII. New or< relin-d, IB 88:
Philadelphia und Baltimore refined, $6 'JO; refined
lv bulk-. *3 70.
HOPS-Quiet. Crop of '95. 3£sr: 'Kb, 6@loc;
coast. '95. 3<&sc; coast, '96, (i@l I 1
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, iß@x3c; pulled,
Is@yv!c.
HlDKS— Buenos Ayres. 20-1b,18%@19c; Gal
veston, 20 to 25 lbs. 14c.
LEATHER— HemIock sole, Buenos Ayres, light
to heavy weights. 19@.'0c; acid. 19c.
■COFFEE— Rio. spot. dull, easy; No. 7, 7%c
Fatura closing: May, $7 40@7 45; July. 7 45®
7 60: September, $7 550/60: October, *7 6614
7 66; December, $7 60@7 70.
Dried Fruits.
RAISINS-California. 50- 1 boxes, 2%c; crown,
4 '>■'*.■■-. seeded, 7Si©si/ c: seedless muscatels,
6V2@5 s /ic.
CURRANTS— 4S4@S^4-; In barrels: 6@sVie In
cases: cleaned built, &Vz@«sc; cartons, 6<a,7\' 3 c.
APRlCOTS— California, boxes, B@l 6c: bags, Hig
lie.
PEACHES— California, unpeeled, bags. €@S%c;
boxes, 7%@9%c: peeled. 10@12c.
PRUNES— California, 25- boxes. 4@7%c; 50- Id
boxes, MV 2 @7c.
DaTEs— Persian. 60-Ib boxes, 2y a @33ic: fard,
boxes. 4%®5c; cases, ss,i(g>cfc.
FIUS— J-ancy ordinary, 12@18c; fancy washed,
21@24c.
CITRON— for fancy boxes.
UTS-California standard, 6^c; soft
shell, Be.
ALMONDS— SheIIed, 15y 3 @29c
Metals.
PIG IRON— Southern, *9 25@10 60; Northern,
$10312. Dull.
Plu TIN- Straits, *13 45@13 56. Quiet.
Stocks and .Bond*.
.-.I:- V.-v Opening. Closino.
American Sugar fll 60 $11325
American Sugar Pfd — —
American Tooacco 69 50 70 12%
American Spirit Jug C 0.... 10 12y
Aichison 10 25 10 37i,<j I
Way mate Gas 8 6-V.jj
Canadian Pacific 53 37y s
Central Pacific.
Chicago I. as. 79 25 8150
C. B. &. Q 72 50 7300
Con. Gas 169 50 159 50
cordage ■ — —
Cordage Pfd
Denver Rio Grande Pfa.
Delaware <£ Lackawana.... 147 50
Erie — — — ■ *^—^—
Fort Wayne!..'.'....!!!.".*..'!" 160 00
General Electric 29 00
Hocking Valley
Jersey Central 76 5j 76 00
Kansas & Texas. Pfd 27 CO
Lake Shore 162 00
Louisville <t Nashville 43 O'jy 3 44 37%
Manhattan Con hi (.■_'• 3 85 00
Missouri Pacific 12 00 12 25
National Lead
New Haven 165 00
New York & New England. ' .
New York Central 93 87% 99 12Vs
North Pacific. — 12 37%
North Pacific, Pfd. 36 00 36 25
Northwestern „ 103 b7% 104 26
North American . 4 12% '
Oregon Navigation 12 00
! Oregon Navigation, Pid.... 37 25
Pacific Mail 2600
Pullman -
Quicksilver (Con Exehnge). 100 00
Rock Island 62 50 t>3 00
I Reading. la 00 18 25
Southern Pacific. 14 50
St. Paul 72 50 73 12% I
Texas Pacific. •
Tennessee Coal <fc Iron 19 00 18 75
Union Pacific , 6 37%
U. S. Leather
U. S. Leather, Pfd 52 87% 6S 00
Western Union 7d 76 77 00
Wabnsh, Pfd ■
Ear silver % 61%
Sterling on London, 60 days 4 87
Sterling on London, sight 4 Bs% j
I*. S. i's, registered .~. 96 00
U. S. 4's, new 123 00
U. is. 4's, new, coupon 1:3 oil
U. S. 4 ! 5.: Ilii 87% '
U. S. 4's.coud 112 50 ;
U. Si &'s _ ; 113 60
U. S. 6's, coupon. '. 113 uO
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, lix., May 17.— The situation in pro
visions was very discouraging to the bol.s. Prices
wsre lower again to-day, owing to easier grain
markets, a decline in hog prices at the yards and ;
liberal selling by commission houses. Receipts of j
hogs continue to exceed the estimates. Packers I
bought moderately an 1 snorts were covered to I
some extent. There was a slight rally before the j
cios?, owing to good buying by foreign packers.
The cash market was fairly active tor meats; lard,
however, was dulL
WHEAT— 9:30 10:00 10:80 11:00 11:30
May 73 73 725/. 1
July 71% 71% 713/, 715,% 71% !
September 67y 8 671,4 6tjs/ g 67 671, 8 |
December 89*4. . — -
12:00 12:30 1:00 1:15
May ' 72V a
July 71% 71»/ 71% 71»/ 4
September ... 67V4 67% 67
December.. 69%
CORN-May, 2434 c; July, 25i/ac
OATS-May, 175;4.c: July, lby 8 a
• BARLEY-25@36C.
RYE-34%c • .V
FLAX-77&
TIMOTHY— S2 90.
, Produce.
PORK-May, f8 12: July. $8 45.
LAP.D— May. t4 82; July, 94 87.
RIBS_May. $4 5.">; July, $1 55@4 67.
BUTTER-Market dull, weaker; demand only
fair and no large lots taken. •
Creameries — Extras. 14c; firsts, 13@13%c;
seconds, Una. lc. Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, 10
@llc; seconds, 7@Bc. Packing stock, fresh, 6@7c.
EGGS-Market firm and active; demand good.
Receipts 16,000 cases.
Livestock.
HOGS-Lie&t. «3 6C@3 77%: mixed, f 3 62V 3 '»
3 75; heavy, $» 35@3 75: rough. S3 35@3 45.
Packers bought 36,700, shippers, 5000. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 24,000
CATTLE-Beeves, $3 80@5 30: cows and heif
ers. 92 00@4 46; Texas steers, 93 lf><a>i 45: stock
ers and feeders, $3 45@4 60. Receipts 18,000. -
SHEEP-Easy. Receipts 17,000.
FOKEIUJf MARKxSTS.
London,
LONDON, Eno., May 17.-Consols, 113%; sil
ver, 28 l-16d; French rentes, 103f 27c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT— Quiet. No. 1 standard California
wheat, 325: cargoes off coast, quiet, steady: car
goes on passage, nominal, unchanged; English
country markets, firm; French country markets,
firm: Liverpool wheat. No. 1 California 6s 6d<a
6s 7d; -wh*at in Paris, firm; flour In Paris firm:
quantity of wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom. 1,630000: quantity of wheat and flour
on passage to Continent. 780,000.
COTTON -Uplands, 4 6-32 d.
TUTOR
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
I Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
{6s 11 V* d: July. 5s ll%d: September, 5s 1014 a.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ |487i4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4881/*
sterling Cables...... — 488%
New York Exchange, sight — 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17y,
-Hue silver, per ounce. — *>1V«
Mexican Dollars. .... . . 49% to
. -
YESTERDAY'S WHEAT MARKET.
The following resume of the wheat market Is
furnished by E. A. Eresse, Produce Exchange
grainbroker, 412 Pine street.
San Francisco, May 17, 1897.
Chlcngo.
Wheat started the week In a sloppy condition.
The local crowd did not fancy cables, which gave
Liverpool 3,i@ld lower with a further decline of
14c abroad at the close. French markets quoted
flour 30@35, and wheat '20@!i5 centimes higher
than tSbtuiday's closing.
July wheat opened at 71.y 4 @71 %c against 7S2c,
final quotations on :*a;urday. a 1 ihe decline there
was good buying ior sboits. which temporarily ad
vancfd inlces. The advance was met with heavy
selling by the lo al crowd. Offerings were far in
excess of the demand, resulting in a sudden break
to 711.4 c. At this price prominent local operators,
together with commission bouses, began buvinp'
Their buying held the market steady against nta'r
pressure.
Af.er the visible supply was piseii offerings be
gan to dropoff. Prices gradually finned fin
ally dosing at op.-ning figures ihe difference be
tween May a d July wheat narrowed considerably
during the day. This was caused by less desire
upon the part of shorts 10 cover. Spot wheat was
moderately active: the demand has lessened
somewhat as compared with last \vek.
Wheat and Hour on i assage io the United King
dom increased 80.000 quarters, to thu Continent
increased 50 000 quarters.
The vl-ible supply decreased 2.125, C00 bushels,
making the total viable supply of wheat east of
the Ko'.kles 529,737,'J00 bushels, acaiust 58,795,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
-000 bushels on the same date cue year ago and
66,690.000 two years ago.
Bushels.
Receipts of wheat at primary points 379,310
Shipments of wheat at primary points 459,109
World's shipments of wheat and Hour last week
equal to 6.909.00U bushels, against 7,370,105
bushels the same day one year ago.
shipments from Hussla for the past week were
3,3'J5.000 bushels, against 3.192,000 bus'iels.
Danube, 199,416 bush<ls, against 1.424,000
bushvls.
India, none, against 408,000 bushels.
sa 1 Francisco, 199,416 bushels, against 214,154
bushels one year ago.
Corn weaker on heavier receipts and offering*.
Export demand continues sood. The time is not
distant when corn will experieno weather
changes- shorts are taking advantage of weak
Spots to buy in their lines
Oats dull, trading stricily locnl. Crop condi
tions are very contradictory, which resiricts trad
ing.
Provisions weaker. Heavy receipts of hogs 1 on
tlnue Prices at the yards are 6(87 Vi cents lower.
San Francisco.
9:15 a. 11. session.
Rains over mary sections of California last
night eladdened the hearts of shorts. Before the
opening ihis morning many predicted a regular
avalanche in whea; prices. It had been piomised
should ruin come a break of large proportion
would immediately follow. To the surprisP of
Lulls and hears the market hardly recognized the
fa 1 lor which was to do j-o much d saver.
Weaiher conditions proved very Insignificant.
There is no di übt much wood will result from the
rains of yesterday and lust night. Wheat seems
to have Us foundation gauged by European Vai
nes rather than local cau^es. December opened at
fl 2b 1 /a. declined to $1 2U'4, cUsed at al 26's,
against $\ 27% at the close on Haturday. The
extreme weakness in Chicago and Liverpool was
the chief cause in depressing prices in this market.
10:15 a. m. skssion.
stronger Chicago market started good buying of
wheat at me opening. Shorts wn<> sold early be
gun taking in their sails. December wheat opened
at 91 27, against fl 2tf«/g at the close of the former
session. The demand was in excess of offerings.
Not much wheat was for sale until the price
reached $1 271/4, where early buyers began selilng
to realize. Cfferuigs were well taken. Closing was
at $1 27.
Between sessions Mr. Mayhew monnted the
block and auctioned off the first car of barley re
ceived from this season's crop. Eighty-one and a
quarter cenis w*M paid for it.
11:15 a. M. skssiox.
The strong feeling in wheat of the previous ses
sion continued its influ. nee during thi» ses-son.
December wheat opened at $1 27. advanced to and
closed at $1 271,4. The buying was of a good ch»r
acter. CnVrines were ligbt, mostly by scaloers
who wer« flaying for a small reaction. Local
tradeis are in a quandary to account for the stub
bornness of the market. About the best solution
would seem that the market is In a very heavily
oversold condition.
Shippers are not In opposition to an advance.
Any unfavorable crop news now would c«use a
sharp appreciation.
jJe.emiier barley op»ned at 743gc, declined to
74c, the liil.il quotation.
2 p. m. session.
Clearing weather caused a firm feelin? In wheat
at the afitrnuon besslou. Afternoon offerings
were rather larger than during the morning trad
ing, while buyers were more plentiful. D>*cembpr
uiieat opened at $1 Vt 1,4. A few trades were made
at 1,8 ! eas. rinal closing being at open figure-*. Bar
ley more ac.ive. Prices unchanged irom those of
the morning session.
3 P M CURB.
A good many buying orders around, making
wheat stronger. December quoted at $ 1 27V«.
Bid, one sale at $1 27 y 3 .
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTIiER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The rain ana weaker Eastern and
foreign markets depressed futures 2c at the open
ing, but tin re was subsequently a partial recovery,
Spot grain was unchanged. >
Quoted at if 1 *J7-» iii.l 3Jy a for common grades,
$1 3354@1 S5 cil lor average No. 1, f137 V« for
choice mid $1 40 @i 42Vi for extra choice mill
ing: soisora, $1 3Stel J>7y a for Mo. land 91 40
@1 42y 3 for milling."
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
16,010 cus, $1 V 6y 3 ; 8000. $1 26U; 16,000,
$1 263/, ■■■■'■■ ■-
.Second sfssion- — December — 12,000 ctls,
I gI'JVVs: fcOtO. »1 *7i/i; 26,000, $1 27.
Hf.gui.ar Mokmxo Session — December —
6000 ctis. $1 27: 6000. $1 27%; 26,000. $1 2714
Afternoon SESSlON— December— 46,ooo ctls,
SI 271*.
BAhLF.V- A car of new crop Feed, the first of
the reason, has been received from Tracy. It was
choice end bright, weighed 42y 2 lbs and sold on
| 'change at 81 >4c. The Erst grain always brings a
i price above the market.
The rain did not affect the market one way or the
I other. Feed, 7U@7sc > ctl; choice bright, 76Vi
<j3»77 Vie ; Brewing. 80@86c
' CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second bKSsioN— No sales.
Kkculae Mohnino session— December— 2ooo
Cts. 7«s»c: 4000. 74c.
Aktkrnoon Session — December — 3000 ctls,
i 73 %c: 4000, 74c.
OaTS— Buyers holQ off and trade Is dull. Puget
I Sound, SI 3O«01 40 9 cil; uood 10 choice, 91 1 vy 3
®j 25: common, $I@l 07y : . Clipped Oat> sell at,
$1(3)- »* ion over the raw product.
/ LORN— Eastern Is now coming to band a%aln.
Large Yellow, l@l 02i/ V cil ; Ismail Hound do,
Si 05@l 07V ; White, B^9oo * cU.
RYa— 77Va@B2i/aC * ctl.
t. kWin.Ai-ls nominal at about SI 25®
140 V ctL . . : . . ■>
FLOUB AND MILLSTUFKS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
I 94 75(34 85: Bakers' extras. 94 60@4 65: Super
; : :.<-. $4@4 35 ft bb!.
COK.N.MKAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 920@22:
! Cracked Corn, $23 "# ton.
MILLsTUFFs— Prices In aacki are as follows,
' usual discount to the trade: Grab am Flour, $2 85
* 100 lbs: uye Flour. $2 50 %i 100; Rice Flour,
t* 75: Cornmeal, $2f§> 4 2 25: extra cream do. $2 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats, »4; Hominy, S3 ;0(J
j 3 3U; wheat Flour, S3 25© 3 50; Cracked I
i Wheat, $3 60; Farina, *4; Wholewheat Flour,
i $.f; Kolled Oats (bbls). $4 75@5 15: Pearl Barley.
£3 75(fii; Split Peas, S3 50: Ureen do, SI 20 t» 100
lbs.
HAY AM> FEEDSTUFFS.
The rain produced no effect on Hay and values
remain undisturbed.
BKAN— $166*15 50 for the best and ?14@14 50
V ton for out-lde brands.
MIDDLIKGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades, and
SI 9 60@V20 50 V* ton for the best.
*EKl>STUt'*> — Rolled Barter, 816 60@17:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 26 00 ft ton; jobbing,
$27 60.
HAY— Wheat, 98010 60: Wheat and Oat, $7®
10; Oat, $Is@B 50: new Wild Oat, *»<ats 60-, Bar
ley,- $6 50<<$8; Alfalfa, S6@7 60; compressed, $6
(ft fl 50: stock, 55O«: Clover, $608 ft ton.
BlHAW— 26a&Oc * bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
No change to report.
BEA>S- Bayos quoted at $1 65@1 85; Small \
Whites, SlOi 20 per ctl; Large Whites, Sl@l 10
V cil: Pink*. «18»1 15; Reds SI 20@l SO: Black
eye, $1 &UQI 60; Bed Kidney, nominal: Li- |
mas. $1 4031 60; Butters, $1 25@1 60: Pea, $1 10
@1 30.
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 50<a2 75; Yellow i
Mustard. $1 50 V ctl; Flax. Si bO&l 60; Canary
beed, V-y i ,(g.>\±c ~& It.: Altalfa, OVic; Kape, 2% a 1
2S.ic; Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 4i/fjc.
IjKIEU FjiAS— Mlt-s, nominal; Cireen, SI 30®
1 80 «* ctL ■ ■■■
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are selling off well at the quotations.
No change in Onions. Marysvllle Cucumbers are
coming forward.
POTATOES — New Potatoes. l@l%c ■& lb:
Early Hose, 60@60c » ctl: River Ked», 50@60c:
Bnrbank Seedlings, 50<365c > ctl for Rivers and
s (ft'. 6c for rciaiumm; 'Oregon Burbanks, Hsc@9l.
ONIONS— New Keds, 61@76c V ctl.
VEGETABLES— BeceIDts were 1016 boxes As
paragus, 269 boxes Rhubarb. 405 sacks Peas and
1 30 sacks Beans. . .
Cucumbers quotable at 40c@91 9 doz for hot
house and $2 r box for Marvsville; Aspara
gus, :6<!.j..?! 26 9 box for common. $1 60®l 76 V
box for choice and 92@2 25 V- box for fancy;
Khubarb, *25®40c ior ordinary and si@66c for
choice larce; Marrowfat fcqnasb. $(5@7 $ ton;
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc?t lb; Green Peppers, 16(520c;
I (ireen Teas, vs@)sOc %sk for common, 60@90cfor
Garden; string Beans. 4(cJ7c 1) lb; Horse Beans,
1 350150 c * sack; Dried Okra, B@9c * lb; Cabbage,
75@85c"^ctl; Carrots, 25®d0c V sk; Garlic, l', 2
82c it tt>. --
KUTTEK, CHEESE. AND EGOS.
t —^—^— - - - ■'■ 1^
Butter Is weak and most dealers are shading to
sell. Eges are also quoted a fraction off under
larger stocKs.
li UTTER. -
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 16®160 V lb;
! seconds, l4®l4i^c^Jb.
Dairy— Choice 10 fancy, i:<®l4>/ a c "% lb; lower
grades, ll@l2i^c. ..•.:>-::!.,.
Picklkd— lsc 1? lb for new.
Firkin— lsc iji lb tor new.
' Creamery Tub— New. 16@16V^c 9 lb.
CHEKSE— Choice mild new, 7(*7Vic 9 lb; com
mon 10 good, <s<i£t>y 2 c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Younx America, 7 1 "-(£8V^c; Western, lie: East
ern. 18316 c■# Hi. /
EOMM-Kanrh Eggs. 149151/2 C: store Eggs. 12®
l:<cf". Eastern, .I2i>i©ldc: Duck Eggs, 12®
13c V doz. / ■.-.'■■
POULTRY AND OAMB,
POULTRY -A oar of Eastern will be pat on to
day. , /
Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobbler*, 11(51 3c for
Hens: <;..-«• > pair. *1 :<il 50: Ducks, 9526®3 10
! for old and 9* bO@B tor young; Hens. »3®4 60:
Roosters, young. $6®B V dozen: do, old. 93 60@14;
Fryers, 94 60(<£6 V >loz: Broilers, S4@s for large
and SI 78@2 60 tor small; Pigeons, $16091 75 «>
dozen fur young and for old. - . .. -
GAME— Hare, nominal; Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FKCITS.
Receipts were 844 chests Strawberries and 893
boxes Cherries. \ ■ ''■■■"
A drawer or Currants, the first of the season,
can In from s. Rogers, tan Leandio, and sold at
91 60 % drawer. j- . ;,
Strawberries and Cherries sold well.
I'rtngle Aprlco from Klverslde, S3 » crate. -
DEUI OUOUS FRUITS— , ■■, ■- ■ . .
Strawberries, S<! 60®3 50 f» chest for large and
93@tf for small. ..-
-£ ackberries from Covlna, 91 Bo®2 25 9 crate. ,
I berries, !.®3c "f> lb.
- ' ■ -:'":• '■ • : ■ .■-■-..-■ . ■ ■ ■ ■• .-, .
Raspberries. 75c@$l il drawer.
Apples. »I@2 IS box.
Cuerrles, 25<380c » box for white and red and
65r@$l for blacu. .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
nt S 3M>4 $ box for choice to fancy and *1 25(a>a
V box for common; 'Seedlings. 7.c(gisl 60 V box;
Mediterranean Sweets. $1 2. @2 60 t* bx: Lemons,
75c@$l- 2b lor common and $1 50(s8- 25 for
pood to choice; Mexican Limes, 1* box: Ba
nanas, $I@2 > bunch: Pineapples, $2@4 "# dot
DRIED mUniS, K AIaIAS. NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotation* are an follows:
Peaches, 4i^®6c # ft; fancy, 6Vac 9 ft: peeled,
»<<ailc; Aprico:s, 6@Bc; .Moorparlcs. 10@12c:
evaporated Apples, b@sy 2 c: sun-dried, i!@3c;
Prunes. 2i^@3c for the 4 sizes: white trigs, 3c;
Plums, 4014 V«c tor pitted and l@iy 3 c for unpit
led: Nectarines. 3y @sy a c?l lbfor juime to fancy:
Pears, 2y @4c for whole, 2y 3 ®6i; for quarters and
£@5c for Tialves.
raisins— i:;-'! .^;
Four-crown, loose. B»4c: S-crown. 4ViC: 2-crown,
S8/ 8 c $ Ib; seed ess sultanas, s@sy»c; seedless
Muscatels. 4y 3 c; 3-crown London layers, *I@l 26;
clusters. 81 60; Dehesa clusters, $a 50; Imperial
clusters, $2 50; dried crape* out.
NUTS- Cues: nuts Quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts,
6Ms@7c 1* Ib for standard and »»9y 2 c »Ib for
sofishell; Almonds 6@6y 2 c for Languedoc, 39
3y 2 c for hardshell and B@9c * Ib for papersheli;
Peanuts, 4@6c $ Ib for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts. :'@6c V lb; Pecans, 7y 2 <B
He 1* ft,; Filberts, 7y2@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7y a @Bc:
Cocoauuts Js©s 50 )t 100. • •
BOXKY- Comb. 10@12y 2 for orient and sftS9c
lor lower grades; water-white *-x:raoted, s@si/ 2 o;
Hsht amb-r extracted, 4V £ @4%c; darn: amber,
4(a4yjc; dark, 2@Bc ft lb. i "
BKKSWAX-22@26C 9 ft.
PROVISIONS.,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7i/fcc ft for heavy, He
» Ib for light medium, 9c for llzhi. 10c * Ib
for extra light and 12c %t lb for sugar cured. Kaa\
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12y 8 c f* Ib: California
Hams, 10V5»@llc: Mess Be>-f, $i«@B 60$ bbl: extra
mess do, $8 50@fl ; family do, $9 50@10; extra
prime Pork, $10@l0 50: extra clear, $13 50@14
V bbl; mess, 912 50@13 V bbl; smoked Beef,
»y«c IMb.
LARD— Eastern tierces are quoted at 5%c for
compound and: t<Vjr for pure; palls, - 7c; Cal
ifornia ' tierces, 4V2©4% C for compound and 5V<jC
for pure: half-bbls. 6Vac; 10-lb tins, 7c; no 5-tb.
7Vic ft lb.
CoTTOLENE— Tierces, 6c. Packages, less than
300 lbs— l-tb pails. 60 in a case, B%c; J-lb nails, 20
in p. case, H3/gc: 5- &> pails. 12 in a case, hV±c; 10- lb
pails. 6in a case, 8 c: 50-lb tins, lor 2in case,
7«*fec; wooden buckets, 60 lbs net, 77/ 8 c: fancy
tubs, 80 lbs net, 7Vsc- halt-barrels, about 110 lbs,
7y2C * Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CaIIs and brands sell lo
* Ib under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
7i/i(g)Bc H Ib; medium. 7c; light, 6Va@7c: Cow
hides 6-/ 2 ..(j,7i:- Slags. 4c: salted Kip.6c; salted Calf
7(<6Bc; saited Veal. ti@7c; dry Hides. 12®12y 2 c;
culls and brands. 9@loc; dry Kip and Veal, 9@loc;
dry Calf. 16c; call*, 10c; Goatskins, 20@25ceacb;
Kids, 6c; Deerskins, ct>od summer. 25c i* Ib;
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; sheepskins, shear
lings, 10(#'-0o each; short wool, 30@40c each;
medium. &o@3oc each; long wool', 60(di75c oacn:
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 23,4@3c * tt>; Ka 2,
2V c; retlned. sc: Grease, 2c IS* Ib. - ' ,
WOOI. — spring clip is quoted: Mountain. 11®
I3c: Foothill, 9@llc: ban Joaquln, year's clip,
7@Bc; do, seven months, 7HHW * Ib; Nevadas,
I 9©llc; Eastern Oregon. 7@loc
I HOPS— 6fo»ac for fair to choice and 9@loc "$ tb
for fancy. Contracts urn being drawn at B@loc
for new Oregons and 7@9c for new Wasblnztons.
1.1.M.KA1. Jll-KCUANDISK.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 6c; June, Be;
July, 6c; ban Uuentin, $5 40: Wool Bags. 24@27c.
COAL- Wellington, $8; New Wellington, $8;
Kouth field Wellington, $7 60: Seattle. $5 50:
Bryant. »5 50; Coos nay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
$ ton; Cumberland. $13 50 V. ton In bulk and 15
In sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $1 1®12 V
ton; Welsh Anthracite, $8910: Caunei, $8 V ton:
Hock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
(7 60: Coke. $11(8112 In bulk and $13 9 ton In ska.
SUGAP.— Western sugar Helming Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 8 c: Powdered, 55 8 c; Dry Granulated,
5c 1* ft; Confectioners' A, sc; Magnolia A. 45/^c;
Extra C, 4V 2 c: Golden C, 4»/ 8 c: Candy Granulated.
6y 8 c; halt barrels y±c niore than barrels, aud boxes
2 c morn.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are steady at the quotations.
Wholesale rates for dressai stocic from slaugh
terers are as follows:
I BRKF— First quality, SVaSSs; second do, 6c;
I third do, 4@4y c V. lb.
VEAL— Large, s^6c: small, 6(j}7c 9 ft.
MUTTON— Wethers, 536 y a c; Kwes, 4@50 * ft.
LAMB— Spring, 6@tsy 2 c r Ib.
PORK- Live Ho;:s, 3i,*@3V»c for large and 31^
<&:','■'■ for small and nit-uium; soft Hogs, i*
2 Vic; dressed do, 4V4@ 51 /2 c -
JiiiCJilFTa OF riiouuca.
* rm '4 nou«i
Floor, or nits.... 24>85 Buttet eUl...^. 835
>v heat, ct1i...... 3,845 Cheese, ctu.. ,, — 72
Jiarley. cU.i..._. 3,790 K«i, do» 160-0
C0rn. ctU........ l,'«ti:j Hide* no ....... -.' 24
Oats. Or, ctls 701'eln. bdls _, 46
Beans. BM. ....^ ■.. -23. Win* gals...^. 121,700
Potatoes, iiu..-. 5-7 Wool. Dis «. 369
Oregon 200 1 Leather, rolU.. M 40
oDions,0 Dions, sim - '66b' Lime. i>on. — W8
ay. ton* „_ - 424 Flaxseed. sks.... lid
Bran, iks ' 3: 5 j Shorts, sks 30
Middlings. •««... 330
THE STOCK MAKKET.
Mining stocks opened the week quietly at about
Satniday's fUures. ' '.
The Mercur mine of Utah will pay a dividend of
12y 2 c per share, or $25,000, on the 20th. i his
will make $700,000.
The Boston and Men' ana Coppermine of Mon
tana will pay a dividend of .13 per share on the
I I'll;!, 1 lie amount Is $450,000. '
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
paid a quarterly dividend of* 5 cents per share
yesterday.
The annual meeting of the Segregated Belcher
and Midas Consolidated Mining Company has
been called for June 1.
The regular moB thly dividends of the Pacific
and Sunset Telephone and Telegraph companies
will be paid this week.
Weekly reports from the mines are as follows:
Con Cai. &Va —1000 level— Ti e west crosscut
started from the north drift from the Con. Va.
shaft on this level at a roint 1 200 feet north from
the station has been advanced 25 feet, passing
through haul porphyry and clay seams; totai
lenUh 225 feet.
1550 level— From the top of the double-com
partment incline upia.se 1, 68 feet on tne slope
above this level, the north drift has been advanced
along the foot w. 11 14 leet. passing through
porphyry, clay seams and streaks of quartz as
saying from $1 to $2 per ton: total length 140
feet. Work hns been suspended. From the top of
I the incline upiaise we have worked west 10 feet
I and are putting in upraising timbers on the foot
wall, where we rut streaks of quartz as>avlne $3
■ and 44 per ton. 1650 leve:— From Ihe ninth floor
I south drill, at a point 265 feet In from Its mouth,
I the upraise has been carried up 9 feet,
1 passing through a quartz formation assaying $1
j to 1 2 per ton; total height 25 feet. From Incline
1 upraise 1, «t a point 60 feet above the gill floor of
I this level, from near the end of the north drift, the
I upraise luvs en cairled up on the foutwall 10
I feet, passing ■ through - ore showing an average
width 01 4 leep, total height above the sill floor HI
feet. Our opening in the top shows a l»iis h.
north and south, of 10 feet and a width of 4 feet of
good ore. Ihe average assays from all arounc*
this lop opening are $65 85 per ton. We have ex
tracted from this point, with a fdw additional tons
from the south drift from 2 upraise, 82 tons of ore,
assaying, per mine car samples. $60 07 per ton.
The south drift star:ed fiona incline upraise 2 at a
point 40 feet above the sill floor ha? been advanced
21 feet along foot wall,* passing through porphyry
and quartz showing a streak of or- on the foot wall
one foot wide, averaging from .S4O to $60 p?r ton.
1 his streak or ore is undoubtedly the downward
continua lon of the ore streak discover! dln the
north drift from upraise 1,20 feet above on th*
100 wall. The total extraction of ore for .he week
amounted to 8- tons, the average assay value of
which, per samples taken from the cars when
raised to the surface, was $58 1 7 per ton. • ,
: In the Opbir mine, on the 10 JO level, no further
advance wat made in west crosscut 2, as it was
necessirv to make repairs and euse timbers. Work
A-as resumed In the face of the ciosscut on Satur
day. In the old ' Central tunnel ground of the
Uphlr. at a point 22 feet tip In the raise, carried up
to a total height of 41 feet, opposite the north
drlfi , a south d.lft hai been started and advanced
15 feet, following a narrow streak of ore, from
whl«h the. hhve extracted two tons of ore assay
ing $45 95 per ton.
In the Hale <fe Norcross mine during the week
the work was cm fined to repairs In the main
shaft, taking up she water pipe on the 975 levtl.
cleaning and putting it tack and timbering on the
9DO level No. 2 raise In the west crosscut from
the tenth floor at the point win re the s< uth drift,
starteJ on the stringer of pay quartz. Had started
the north drift at this pjint opposite the t-niiih
drif., but was fort ed to tt p and timber. Face of
north drift shows several inch's of quartz 01 fair
value. Ihe west ci onsen is In 24 feet west of the
point wl ere the north drift was started In softer
ground that Is caving and must be timbered before
being advanced further.' . '
Mo work was done in >- hollar ground on the
Comiitock lode during the past week.
In the I'otosi mine during the week they ad
vanced lh» upraise above east crosscut 2 from the
south drift on the tumii-l level 15 f*>' t.and are now
up 21 feet. The top is In ' q'mriz glvinic assays of
from $.0 to lf3o per ton. They | saved from this
j>o.nt during the week 39 mining carloads of ore,
Of tne par a,sny value ol $34 8S ocr ton. -
Ebunbwick iriDK — lonso.idated . California
Virginia, Best A Belcher aud liou d A Curry-
Shaft 2 has been Mink 16 feel on the incline ; total
deoth 783 feet; bottom In porphyry and quartz
300 level— The east crosscut started 285 feet from
the shaft In the south drift has been extended 16
feet: total length 132 feet; face In porphyry and
string-is of quartz. Hcsuraed work in the joint
f,oiiyi drift and extended 30 feet: total length 355
feet: lace in porpnytv and quartz. •:-... ■-•..-
Occidental C<>m*ot.ii>atkj>— official letter
for the past week lays: 650 level— The upraise
from- the west crosscut has been carried up 14
feet; total. height 95 feet. Ihe south drift from
said cross'ut has been extended 13 feet; total
length t»2 feet. The winze from said crosscut Is
down 44 feet: extended 13 feet during the week.
All of said openings show ore assaying about $5
per ton in gold. The wet ' crosscut started at v
point 600 feet south of No. 1 west cro<scut Is now
in 52 feet, bavin* been 'extended 10 f -et during
the week through porphyry. r We are s ill clean-
Ing out and repairing the south drift on the 650
level 10 meet the wlnza goi 1 g down from the 550
level. It is now out 284 feet: face in quartz and
porphyry. : ,»•.*. ■-.; -. . . . ./>>■■*.■; i- '-/ ;> .'.: ;
Cuom.au — Repairs to the hoist have been com
-. '^S^^^kidrataßHtflßMHHßlHnMamßHtSar^ii^'
pleted »nd work resumed at all points. Sinking
in the snaft will be resumed the coming weekl
200 level— The openings above and below this
level show no material change and are yielding as 1
u-mal. :■«)>. level— upraise to co meet with the
100 level winze is now up to the fifth floor, or 36
feet. The pay streak In- he top is 3 feet wide and
of coo l grade. West crosscut 1, 34 leet from the
north line, is out 40 feet; advanced for the ween
28 feet. . The face is in torphyry and streaks of
quartz. 400 level— In the U| raise above east
crosscut they are sloping on the eighth and ninth
floors In f. ir prade ore. • -, .
500 level— Have advanced east crosscut 3 12
feet; total length 112 feet, where it was stopped in
stiff porphyry. The main south drift has been
driven 15 feel, ana is now out 816 feet, and has
turned to the southwest to conform to the forma
tion ai that point. The face is in porphyry, with
seams of quartz through it assaying from (3 to $5
a ton. 600 level— Have 8 artel a south drift on
tins level from the east side of the station and are
out 12 feet In porphyry. Have saved from all
points and shipped to the Nevada mill during the
week 215 tons and 600 founds of ore. sampling as
follows: Top car sample, . old *21 49: silver, fine
ouuees, 19.44; wagon sample, gold $14 88: silver,
fine ounces, 18.78; battery sample, gold $19 65;
silver, fine ounces, 16.57 per ton.
15OAlil> bAi^KS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: <-
RKcri.AR HOH.VINO SKBBIO3T. ' n»TM«J*CT!»<» 9:30.
100 Belcher ...19 0ph!r...V.91 200 8Nev....39
60 CCdiV..l.B6|l7oO Ovrmn..l« 100 40
200 U JkC 2114 00 P0t051....44 200 UnioaC...«l
60 ■_■■> 1650 s.varc .81500 V JC*t..~2e
201} Justice.. Beg 8e1.... 10
JIITKBSOOK SESSION — !:3T.
200 Alt* 05,H1J Cha11ge... 281300 0Trmn....16
800 Andes 21 ICO ;..2S 60 Potosl 45
1200 Uelcher...2l 450 CC.SV.. 1.9j,200 5ava«e....32
200 Bullion.. 2JO C Point. _ 23 200 See 8e1.... 11
100 Caled 12 180 H<ftN 75110J *A«v 42
100 Chllr. 67 200 Mile. .....89 200 Uni0n.. ..86
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: - : 
200 Alta.. 05 100 Conn.... 1.001409 Karate.- .81
300 Andes 20 .*OO CrwnPt..23 50J Scorplon..o3
500 B«lcbar...li- 10U U<fcC 19 800 88<fcM....09
8(J0 £<tb 6£ 70i) .. ...... .20 600 .......10
700.... 66 200 Kentuck_os 200 11
50J ) union.. ..04 1000 L Wash. Oi 40J b Nt 40
400Caleda.... 11500 01 -.00 38
200 Übllnee...2l juo Mexican.. 37 260 UU1....01
200 ...". 28 .--00 OcciU 0. .'5!) 02
300 Chollar...Hs 800 Ophlr 91 20J Union 36
1600 CCV...1.86 1200 Overmu.U U^n 05
600 l%2OOPotoal 4170J «" JU«....2ti
**TKRNOOX BHSSIOV— •»:TT
100 Alpha 06 500 Ca1eda....11500 Ny Qn....05
10J 07 100 UC<fcV..l.B6 40J Oihlr. 92
2UO Alt* 06 400 1%400 93
200 Andes 20 4DO ..........1.9t 100 Ovrmn....H
20J 8e1cher.... 20 6J Una 1.02 2 70J Pototl 46
60U 21 1000 C Imp. ..til 40 1 t-ava7P....32
50J B* B 66 IOjO Oi .400 8EAM. ...11
300 Cha11«e...2« 200 C P0int... 23 8 Nev. 40
100 221250 Q&U ....illlOO Stdrdl.6'-'y a
200 200 20 10J Uni0n..... 36
40U Choir 69:600 L Wa5h.. ..02 10J * J«6iU M .27
60 68 1 ' : ■ I
11-UslM, QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 17-12 it
Alpha Con 07 , (8 loll* . ...._ 04 06
A1ia...., 05 (Ib insttca..'...^. - 08
Andes. „ 21 21 Kemnck. ...... 04 06
Belcher 20 'ii Mexican „ 38 39
Best &. Belotisc 65 5 b Nevada Qaeaa. — « «
lien ton U0a.... 10 -Occidental..... 09 10
Bullion — 04 OSOphlr,. 91 92
Caledonia. 11 Vi uverm»a«..,« 14 15
Chollar „ 6H 69|i'otosl 46 «7
Con.Cal«JtVn...l 85 1.90 savage. ....^. 31 32
Challenge Coo. 21 22 1 scorpion — (4
ton. Imperil. 01 \>\ «seg. Selchec. 10 11
Confidence.... I.OJ 1.05 -liver HU1..... — 02
1 -New Vori — 12 sierra Neva4b 42 43
Crown Point... 23 24 -tandard 1.60 1.55
LasuilerraM«r — l-> syndicate. .._ 01 IS
n-nreka Coa ... — It Lnlouuou...., 86 37
Exchequer.... — v Uiau 05 16
tooiuudiUurrr. 19 21 i«UuW4MIUi> 26 27
li..iii^.\uu(i 75 —
bXOCK ANI> BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, May 17-2 p. m.
tKIIKD BTATBM BU.MJI.
JSiri. Aikta, Bit. Jikcl.
ÜB4s c0dd.312 — U fc«areg...lO9 JltiVi
Lonew iEsuel<;3 —
mihcKli.ankoi:* p.nym
CKi-stCbIM3M.H2 — Oak Gas 55.. — 101
CalElecL6s — 130 to2d la 65... 107%110
CDtraCWss — eay 2 Ommbm«s..i2ly a l23V%
Dpnt-stex-cp — 100 I'&ouytti. - 113
LAP 8s 126 127 I'&Ch Ay 6«. 100%102*A
1-ACllKll'j.HlOOV. — l'wl-st KKBIII3 118
(iearv-st Rss — 10*% l.eco, WUL — loi
lltisiVjUOU — ibactoP<&u. - 101)
Los Ann L6l — 100 t3F&NPItS&.IO2 5'g103
CoUnteed 61 — 101 |tPKKArIsBi 92» 4 9iy«
MKt-stCble6sl23V 2 125 bPKHCaIoS. 107V a l0hVi
DoKyCon 63. iOtt»^ — SPKKlalsi. — h6
NatVin63 lst — 100 sP3rRCaI6». t96, 100
NevCNgU7s. — 106 »V Water ds. 11 «y 2 li:o
NKrUal bs. i(/4Vi — bVWater*s. 3006/ B iol
iiy i«. «4. — — btktuU<fti£Ji va^loOVa
»AT»il rtocicw - '■ ■ •;-.:
Contra Costa 30 32V*il'Pru* Valla/ $7»/4 98V4
Marino*.... 47^ - I'
CapttaL - -30 Paclflo t,»«as - -»t9l '
Central. WVi - s F O&Elec. 84^14^4
MKlecLlgnt' 9y 8 93/ s -an l-raDOica 2V* 25/ H
Oak GL &ii 5»y 8 64V4 6lOCklOtt 13 —
1 M uaa imp 80 ■ —, | •;^,;:|.- i :
JXSBRAN-I.V. RTOCKI. '
Flretnan'sFd — IR3 |;.
COUUiCR 1 > . ravx «iv,-"ci.
j»nclo-Cel ... 60 63 ■ First Nation! 1* 1*; 190
BaukofCal.. — 23» y a '.ondonP*A.l27y s l3o
Cklbl)<&TCo - 105 iMercbKx.... 12 —
' MVlNi' HAXIC STO.-Cl.
B#rSALC<v.i3oo 1400 ISav&Loaa.. — -JOY
HumbS&L.llOl — ' (Security... 25*) 800
Mutual 85 40 € moo I'j:u4t.3<j7y 3 —
t>J)b»V Union 449 — • | .
BTBKKT BAII.BOAD STOCK!.
California.... 1071^109 OakSU&Ua/ _ 100
Geary-5i....- 38 — Presidio. .... 4 5Va
M»rkßi-at..., >-3*/ 44 |
'»''■"» FTnrict.
AHantlon... Id 17 iGlantUoa..,. 27J^ 28
Calltorn.a.... — 100 V^onu 30c 3Bc
Eastern U.._ 80 85 |
MIHCItLT.AVFimi -T^-ICI
I Alaska 98 100 NatVlnCo.. _ IV.
Ocr Lead Co. 100 140 UceanlcSSCo — S3
UawCftsCo.. 11 Hi/a Aui FA 2 3
bntchaPoo 181/ a ''•> IPacßorazCa 99 —
iiwi.iA.isu.. 90 — jParf PatntOo d 7
BALES— MOBNIMIi btSdl'JX.
Hoard—
& Giant Powder Con 28 00
.60 do do,s3U 27 75
60 do do, s 30 27 50
60 do do .; 27 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial 11 25
6 do do _ 11 60
Street —
15 Bank of California 238 50
$5000 Market-si Itv Con &}. Bond* 106 60
$4000 6 P Branch Railway Bonds. 09 75
— TKRNDON BKSSIO&
Board— ■ " . '
25 Giant Powder C0n.... .;.. 27 00
25 ' do do 27 50
50 do do 37 75
$6000 Market-st Ry Con 5% Bonds 106 50
65 HF Gas <t Electric Co 94 75
60 do do 94 50
2« F Uasllfht 250
1170 Vigorit Powder 80
street—
70 Market-st Kan war. 44 00
$"000 Market-it Cable 5% Bonds 106 50
$10,000 Omnibus Cab.c Bonds. 122 00
44 &V Water... ..... 98 00
$1000 Svof C 6% Bonds, Ist con gdt G. 86 00
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jamea \V. and William 8. McClure, Sarah G.
Kapson, Annie W. Miller, Emma C. Harris. Al
biona and Mary Whartenby to Hannah Mcl lure,
lot on S line of Turk street, 67:6 W of Polk, W 90,
s 120, E 60, .V «0, i!i 30, N 9J: also property in
Los Angeles; $10.
William A. and Mary E. Doble (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Hibernia Savings an 1 Loan So
ciety, lot on s line of Greeuwioh street, 100 W of
Pierce. W '06:3, s 137:6, E 68:9, N 75, X 37:t>, N
62:6, 55,536; $2863.
Parah E. Prince to M. H. Welsh, lot on X Hue of
Willard street, J25 S of Tyler ((iolden Gave ave
nue). 8 25, E 175:6, N" 25:6 V*. W 179:4; .$lO.
t livttr anil Katherlne H. r.ver tt to Aunle L.
Dennlsnn. lot oo Kline of Tremont avenue, 77:4 1 / a
Sof Wnler street, S27:4yfc «»• 53:3; $10.
Crorker Ksate Com I any to John <J. and Minnie
A. Fitzsern <l, lot on W lliie of Co c street, 125 Sof
Beulan, s 26 by W 131:8 Vi: $10.
tame to entries H. Amey, lot on E line of Stan
yan street, 2j Sof B»ulah. S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
James 1. Hamilton (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia savings ana Loan Society, lot
fc>K corner of I wenty Mr t and Church streets, S
52 by E 12J, 55.764; $3092.
Charles Otis to James Otis, lot on NW corner of
(Jreenvrich and Sansorae s:reets, W 91:8 by N
I 68:9; $10.
Annette C. Bigaret to Florence r-ossot, Fran
colse dome and All M. BUarel. loi on s line of
Washington street, 23 E of Dunbar alloy and 221
W of Monlgomerv, X, 20:21/* by S 69:8; giiU
luichael o'hri n to .Mary A. Smith, Alexander,
Catherine, Elizabeth, Theresa and James O'Brien,
lot on sk corner of Leavenworih street and
Broadway, E 68 b,- S 40: $10.
Heniy W. Heath to A. H- Crew, lot on 8 line of
O'Farr-il street, 206:3 W of Joues, W 28:11 by
3 137:0; $7500.
A. H. Crew to Emma H. Crew, same: $7500.
Jacob and Una Heyman (by Oscar Ueyman, at
torn-y) to Frank Dunn, lot oi SK corner of J
street and Twenty-eighth avenue, E 32:6 by .1
100; $10.
Otto Wot to Ceno Gwerder, lot on X line of Kal
ston street. 375 N of GaifMd (bherman). N 25 by
X 100. bock 21, City Latin As oclation: $100.
Kiuioa K. Kr.ner to Charles C. Henry, lot on
SW line of Twentj-slxth avenue 'south, 75 SE of
X street south. SE 75 by SW 100, lot 7, block 494,
i.nv View Homes ea.l: $50.
Edmund H. Keid to Wililam Baehr Jr, lots 6 to
21 and iractlou of luts 4. ft, 22 and 23, block 616;
lots 9to 20, block 117; iots 9 to 20, block 763;
lots 1, 7 to 10. 19 to 24 and fraction of lots 2. 3. 5,
6. 11, 18, block t<B7: lots 10 to 17. block 578: lots
9 to 12, block 540: lots 1 to 8, 21 to 24, bloc* 826:
lots 14 lo 18 and fraction of iots 11, IX. 13. 19, -0
a:.. I 21, block 874; lots 9 10 20. block 798; lots 1
to 8, 21 to 24. block 395; lo,» 16 and fraction of
lots 14, 15. 17anJ 18, block 864; lots 1 to 6, 17
anu 18, block 36; all in tide lands; $10.
AI.AMK.I'A COUNTY
Frederick L. and Fannie C. Burt to William 8.
and lio.jp il. O'Brleo. lot on E line of Chestnut
street, 100 S of Eighth, S i7:83/i by E 132, being
lot 5, bloc* 6: 8, Oakland; $10.
Oakland Water Front Company to Savings and
Loan Society, re-record 611 d. 211, lot at intersec
tion of SK line of Twelfth avenue with W bound
ary of Hancho -an An.onio. thence Eto point of
.ntersectlon with SK line of Fourteenth avenue,
[hence SW to a point which Is distant 25 J sW
from BE line of Fourteenth avenue where SW
Hue of hast Twelfth street if iroj.c.ed &k inter
sects same, thence sW to a point, W to a point in
H line of Twelfth avennr, tbeuce NE 320, NE to
beginning. East oanland; $10.
R. D. and J. Maker and L. C. Benin and C. Le
pori. lots 11 and IS, block 3/, tract B. Berkel- y
Land and Town Improvement Association, Berke
ley: $10
Annie K. Bar teau to K. D. and Ida L, Wenban,
lot on NW corner of Fifth and Market streets, VV
90 by N 30, block 483, Oakland; $10.
William Jr. and Katie Cron to Barbara Won
derer. lot on s line of Mead avenue, 137.60 W cf
sari Pablo. W b7.£.0 by S 12.\7U, being lo 5» an 1
W half of lot 60, m«p of Mead Park, Oakland;
Fred L and Emma H. Button to Fannie F. Ken
ne iy, lot 17, block F, i!ay View Homestead, quii
ciaim deed, Oakland; flO
Emelie \V. and L L M. Salisbury to Maria A.
Davis (wife of George X.) lot on NX corner of
Thorn and t anning stients, N 50 by X ICO. heing
lots 1 ana z, block M. Roberts an-J Wolfskill Tract,
Oakland Township; sp 10.
Archibald Mi Donald to Alex P. Murzotten,
lots 15 and 16, bloc* 2098. Alden Tract at Tcmes
cal, Oakland Townsh.p; fl.
lgnatz Fischel to Maegie Fische!, lot 6. block 2.
tract A. Berseley L. and T. I. Association, Berke
ley: gift-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dat«« of tlppnrturc From Snn Fritnrtinn.
STKAMKK I IIKMTISATr.iS. |
** v 1 1.*»
| PIKB.
tate of Cal
.ustralla...
ity Sydney
un 0!.......
I Portland ......
■Honolulu [
. Panama. I
Lira v.«! Harbor. l
coos May.....
Humboldtßay i
I Coos Bay I
j Coos Mar
San Diego..... |
China & Japan
I HumboldtMai I
_ aqnlna Bay.
Vie it Pgt Bno
Newport
Eel Blver
Portland
__M TMikMA
May 18. It am
May IK 2pm
j.May 18,12 M
I May 18.12 m
May 18 10 am
1 May 18. 2pm
May 19. 9am
; May Is*. 10a »
May 20,11 am
May 20, Ipm
I May 20. 'trtt
May 21. 10am
May 21. 9am
May 22. Sam
May 22. 9am
May 23.10 am
Ma 2 4.11 am
I Pier 24
I Pier 7
pas 3
Pier _
Pier L t
Pier *
flea wll 4
Piers
Plerll
P 88
Piec 9
Pier 3
Pier 9
Pier ll
Pier 13
Pier 24
Plerll
.rcata
lumboldt..
t0mer......
zarlna ...
orona
blna
onion a....
arallon....
'alia Walla
:ureka. ....
hilkat
olumbla...
Pan Diego..... |
M'KAMKKs TO AKKIVJC.
STKAMtSB
I' BOM
oroni
arallon ......
omona...
rizaba .........
Washtenaw ....
nreka..
elgic
oiumbla
hilkat
anta Bosa
umb01dt......
San Diego
equina Ma*'
Humboldt 8av..........
Mexico.....
Tac0ma............ ......
Newport
China and japan.
Portland.
Eel Kiver
San Diego _
Humboldt Bay.
Victoria it Puget Sound
Coos Bay..
Coos Bay
Crescent City
Panama
Portland.
Panama
..may J.'*
..May 18
..May 19
..May 20
.:M»r 10
..May 20
..May 20
..May 20
..May 21
..May .2
..May 22
..May 22
..May 23
..May 24
..May 24
..May 25
..May 26
. . May 25
matllla.
reals
zarina
'eeott
Olon
tateot Cat....
nn Juan
SL.I, 3100.N AND llOh.
Wmti* ptatiw Coast axi> n«oi>itTro Brmv»r-
Times and Heights or Hioh am* Low I
Watbbs at IfORT Point. EXTBIXOI TO
Kan Fhancisco Bat. Published bt Orjri-
C3AL ADTHOBIT7 Of THK .-I.fKKISIKSIJB.Hr.
Kotb— The high and low waters, occur at tns
City Front (Missinn-streec Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than ac Fort Point; me height
of tide Is the game at both places.
May-189;.
Tuesday, May la
Bnnrls»ii 4.s6|Moon rises. IO.UBpk
Ban sets 7. 17! Moon nets. ..."
►_____ I Feet
_!'■ Wl
[Time]
H v. I
Feet ______
1 1. w
Time
Ih W
L .V
7..H
8. 28
9.24
10. -'4
i 11.22
fl W
I 6.12
H VV
-1.2 3.10
| -0.8 4.10
-0 4 5.02
i 0.2 5.47
0.8 6.'.'9
L \V
] 3.6; 12.15
j_"w
0.18
1.11
2.16
3.1-0
4.49
_ W
0.28
5.7
64
4.7
_.*-
-3.8
4.4
4.4
4.6
4.6
4.8
2.8
2.8
2.8
2.8
•
"\v
LSI
4.9
Hotb— In the above exposition of tn* tfc.es the
•arly morning tides are given In ;ha l«ft hand ■
column, and the successive tides of the day In ths
order of occurrence a« to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the thirl
time column the third tide, and the last or right ■
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except '
when there arc but three tides, as sometime*
sccors. The heights gtven are additions to tn* i
foundings on the United States Coast Survey !
.harts, except when a minus s'.gn (— ) precedes ths I
height, and then the numbe- given Is subtractlv*
from the depth given by the charm.
Auxicjts 1O j»iaih^i;ks.
A branch or the United States H.rdrographlo
Office | located . Id tba Merchants' £xcbaore Is
maintained In San Francisco for the . benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free ol
expense. ; "„,. ." ; '■.....;.:.,.. ,
Navigators are cordially ' Invited Ito visit th«
Office, where complete sets ot charts and salllnx
directions of the world are kept on nun r or com- .
parison and reference, and the latest, Information
Oao always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or interest to ocaan
commerce. .
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory a; Maro Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether the ttma ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, it
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. S. Bush us,
Lieutenant, U. 8. N., In charge.
'•• ' .*■ ' ' " -''■ '■■"■''
The Time Ball.
". BRANCH HTDROOKAPniC OFFICE, V. S. 2*. 1
Merchants' Excraxob V
San Francisco. May 17. 1897. )
The time ball was accidentally cropped three
quarters of a minute tco soon to <iay.
• • ■ W. H. Hughes,
Llentenan' U. S. If- In charce.
SHIPPING IN'TKLLItiENCK.
Arrived.
MONDAY. May 17.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland di ect.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 81 hours from
fceatt c: 290U ions coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 69V* noun from
Victoria andPuget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen. 40 hours from Cra»
rent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nicho son, 29 hours from Santa
Rosa Island; livestock, etc.. to Goodali, Perkins &
Ca
Stmr Coqaille River, Drlsko, 54 hours from Co
quil'e River: passand.masp, to O C Benjamin.
Ship Dir.xo. Goodwin. )60 days fiom New York:
untie, to Williams Dimon I it (J<>.
Schr Jennie Theliu, Hansen, 9 days from
Grays Ilartor; 15i M fl lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 3 aays from Walsh
Landing; 75 cds wood, to Bender Bros.
Cleared.
MONDAY. May 17.
«tmr Santa Cruz, Jansen, . San Pedro; Goodall,
Per* ins & Co. ■
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria; Gooi
■ll, Perkins & Co.
Uer ship Marie Hackfeld, Kruse, London; Bal
four, (■ ik line <fc Co.
tailed.
MONDAY, May 17.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson.
.Stmr Chlikut, Dunham, Eel River.
Htmr Alice Blanchnrd. Hughes, Portland.
Stmr Alliance, liardwick. tort Braes-
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendo< Inn. '
. Br ship Dovenby Hall, Wlckhani. Queenstown.
Bktn Monitor. Tuiloff, uritys Harbor.
■ Schr Mary Buhne, Ramsellus, Eureka.
' I <• !-a|iu ii;.
rotST LOB vt May 17.-10 p. it.— Weather
foggy; wind KW; velocity 12 -vi.a*.
Charter*.
The schr J M Col man loads mdse for St Mich
aels.
Spoken. :L):iu.if'J.
Per Dirigo-Apr 24— Lat 23 48 X, long 125 62
W, Ital bark Gulseppe, from Valparaiso. -
.Domestic Port*. I
■ GREENWOOD- Arrived May 17— Stmr Green
wood, from Port Los Angeles
SEATTLE- Arrived May 17-Strar Allen A. bee
May a.
->OUTH BEND-Sailed May 17-Schr Conflanza
for San Francisco.
COQUjLLE RIVER— Ai rived May 16-Scbr
JUoro. hence Mar 12.
HAKI'Y CREEK— Sailed May 17-Stmr Cleone
for Ban Francisco. --. .■
KUKEKA— Arrived May 17— «tmr Farallon, fm
Yaquloafiay; stmr National City, h«-nc» May It)
Saliod May 17— Stmr Farallou. for San Fran
cisco.
BOWKXS LANDING— SaiIed May 17-Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 16-Stmr Protec
tion.
CASPAR— Arrived May 16-Bchr Maxim, from
Moss L*n ling.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 17-Schr Azalea, frm
San Diego. . :.-. .
WHATCOM-Salied May 17— Schr John
F Miller, for san Francisco.
Furels'i P«rt«.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May IS— Br bark Renyon,
for Antwerp. ■ • ■ ■ -..;•■•.■
SYDNEY — sailed May 14— Br ship Andromeda,
for Hau Francisco. ■ »' -
SWANSEA— sailed May 15-Ital ship Cava'iere
Ciampa, for San Francisco. ■•■ :
HONGKONG— Arrived May 15— stmr
Sakura Marti, from eat tie.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 15-Br «hlp
(ilenrlnarc, hence Jan 17; Brshlp Hawadale. frm
Oregon: Brsiip Garnet Hill, from Tacoma: Br
ship Olencona. hence Jan 1: Br ship < tterburn.
hence Jan 24; Br ship Aucbencalrn. hence Jan IS;
Br bark Zlnita, from Oregon. ■ . "•' '■' '
LIZARD— Passed May 14-Br «nip Cambrian
Princess rro >i Oregon, for uueen*town. ■;.■••
HONGKONG— Arrived May 17— Br stmr Gaelic,
hence Apr al. ;■ ' „ .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May - 16— Bktn Katie
Filcklnger. forPusettonna. '
ROYAL BuAi)b- Arrived May 3— B* ship An
nie Thomas, hence Apr 18.
■•■■>£ V,"-. ,' InmnrUMnni. . ■ t•' ■
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 2 tea 25
I kfgs2B tubsSl bis batter. 217 M " lumber, 204
I cs canned goods, 4cs tun d are, 22 ' r ssed calves,
: 3 hides, 62 ana ore. 3 is mcUe. 2 bdl * >. its. 4 pkgs
express* '.->'■ "' '
I MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena — 1 s< wool, 18
hides, 8 »k« "balone. 4 pk?« md ,c, I bx butter.
Little River-* sk-< a.aloDei. . : •- - 1
; Point. Arena— l kill 51 ox-i butter, 3cs egg% 6 A
dressed ho. ; s. 2 pkss iiulse, 7 pkj;* ''r ■ coo Is.
VICTORIA — Per Wii I < Wa!!:> — 1 p'c # h»rd»»-e,
4 os mdse. 27 chsis it-*, 1 csco.ion lattlng. i cs
canned m-ius, 3 pKj.'*expreai. * cs Is ■ «.-.tes. 1 sic
ci la. 1! bxs drugs, 1 pkg rifles. 1 c; yin -gar, 1 bx
dry goods. ' ,
hltk.— l b.x bullion, 1 bx clothing, 1 pl:g skids.
.lunean— l bar silver bullion
I)ou« as* Island— l pug express, Ibx copper
bullion -
PortTownsend— 3 cs canned goods, 1 sic coin, 1
pkg exures-t.
Seattle— 3c» syrup. 1 bbl olives, 317 txils hi
5 cs drucs. 3 bblt brass. 1 lo junk, -. 19 hides. 10<»
rs salmon, MO bdli slais. 148 bdis b >x en Is, •£ sks
coin, 2 |>k-;s express, 1 lot hou«enold nOoUa. 1 bx
castin ;s, 3 bxs patterns. 2S p<gn mils •, 6 rollers, 1
bxh6rols 51 bales 181 bills 11 cs pap r, 3 bzi
type, 59 ska bones-
China via Vancouver— 49i3 bags rice, 100 bxs
nut oil.
Bast via Vancouver— 8 < brls 3 bx< b >er. 2 bd '«
sheeting, 1 cs photograph cools, 2 .«ks rovers, 10
rs piano stools, 60 bbls oil, 1 i.x white lead, 350
kei;s 30 csks paint, - sks tail>. 105 tj Its aides and
skins, 38 cs 4 crts child carriages. 500 cs evapo
rated apples. 768 s'ti concintra'.ei, 1 pk« mdse,
147 odU 217 bars steel, 3 bxs rinn and tires, 7 ens
; bicycle*, 38 bd.s lasts. vBO bxs ÜB»<i d salmon
bellies,' 100 bbls starch, 886 c* coid n-ed nii:k, I
bale repellants. 3 es hos.ery. 2 c« canviti*. 66 crts
548 bills paper, 201 bb s sugar, 855 bbn '.'0 ke;s
glucose. 11 clothing
Vancouver via CPllK— 3 pfcgs sewing machines,
5 ptano-i, 1 cs shoe la es. '£ Crts nachin-rv-, 6 hols
Bine, 32H cs boots and sUoes, 192 cs tobacco, SB cs
cigarettes, 10 cs dry goods, 86 cs ha.s, 9 ci 1 bbl
grrase.
New Whatcom-2 bxs butter, 1 lot lumber.
Everett— l roil- belting. 1 blcyc c, 105 bd ■
shooki, 1 pitg mdse. 14«'O bars bullion, 1 cs cut
lery, les plated ware. 40 0 crts baskets.
Tacoma west of Fargo— l •bx shoes, 29 sb p
knees. 2897 sks wool. 1048 hf-aks Hour. 5766 sks
wheat, 5 crts bicycles, 80 crts boilers, 00 bxi
i inn are, 81 crts sails, 144 bdls tubs. 12 bdis
baskets. . • - ■ • ■
Tacoma— 200 tons coal, 600 bars bullion, 105 sks
bones. 1 bicycle. 5 cs condensed milk, '1 cs shoes.
1 Lib: zinc. 1 bbl brass. 3 bbU copper, 34slcsi»gs,
Isk rubber. Ibx tires, 34 cs tobacco. • i
SANTA ROSA ISLAND— Per BonKa— l7l ska
wool. 1016 sheen. 39 steers.
COQUILLK KIVER— Per Coqullle River— s bdJs
flannels, 1 bxclothine, 16 kegs 12 tubs butter. 831
bdls broom corn, 64 es broom corn. 6 bales wool,
1 bx blankets, 7 <ds matchwood, 1 bx groceries. I
bag wax, 1 bdl dry hides, 1 bx wooden rings, 26» j
tons coai, 55 M. it lumoer.
Con<l<rni«.
Per Bonita— Good all, Perkins & Co; H Levy E
M Miller.
Per Coqullle River- Bandon Woolen-mills^ Hey
wood Bros: Cahn, Nickelsburg&C'o; W CluH &
(o; Hilmer, Bredhoff & standard Oil (Jo : <*
Fritch: Dodge, Sweeney <fc Co; Tillmann & Bendel;
Hulmeit Hart; Green & Scbaadt; Metropoiuan
Match Co: Jonas Schoenfe.d; Woodin & Little;
Harris <& Jones.
Per Point Arena— Wheaton, Breon A Co: Dennl
son <£ Wilson: Dairymen's Union; Ross* Hewlett;
Norton, Teller <fc Co : C X Whitney & Co ; Goldstein
it Co; Jlllmer. BredholTi Schulz : Rus\ Early A
Co; James McDermott; It bt Me Arthur; Captain
J Krickson; H A Thompson: FBllaight; X !■;
Younif.
Per Crescent Clty-Hobbs, Wall &Co; O Lake;
Todge, Swcfncy & Co: 0 E Whitney & Co: J Hoff
man: FBHaight: Wells, Fargo & to; Union Iron
Co: Standard oil Oo ; W B Sumner A Co; Wltzel &
Baker.
Per Walla Walla— American Tobacco Co: Bos
ton Woven Hoie and Rubber .Co: E X George
Shoe Co: felby Smell and Lead Co; Pac Coast
Bone and Coal Fertilizing Co; Chas Harley & Co:
G H C Kiadford: t Bonls A Co: south Prairie Coal
Co: Buckingham, Hecht&Co: James Neylan; W
Jones; Hulme&Hart: s Kotteman & Co: Howe
&caleCo;J H Newxauer A Co: It ollner: Indiana
Bicycle Co: M Forme; Allen A Lewis; H Dotard;
S sitefvator: Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson: Wm P
Morgan: Btetson-ltenner Draya^e Co: Bellinghanj
Bay Imp Co: C X Whitney & Co: No'tbern Lum
ber Co: Murphy. Grant <& Co; J S Smith; Triest &
Co: Sherman, Clay A Co; Williams. Marvin A Co;
J Q Adanit A Co: Cabn. Nicklesbnrg A Co: B ss-
JJueter Paint Co; W it Duternclni; \\ G Richard
son: L Saro.il A Co; A Z-11-roach A Son; Alaska
Commercial Co: ADrambamson & Co; A Hromada;
latum A Bowen; Harpham A Jans- n: Johnson-
Locke Mercantile « o: California Lard Co: Pacific
Coast Syrup Co: Manner linn: J 8 Ingerslde: J
Senr.e A Co: W P Fuller A Co; .1 J Bowers A Co:
Robert Fay; j H Smith t Co; Swayne A Hoyi; J
J Mullen; Sherwood A woo : 11 V\a.de.-k A
> Co; Golden Rue Kaziinr; Amer Press As«n: J A
Moreland; X Ohlandt A Co; Everett Pulp and
PaperCo; Jas Wai n-r M.ig co;W B sumner A Co:
J 1* Elev. A Co: M J Branele' seln A Co: S*w
i Home sewing Machine Co: S H Frank A Co; P X
' Dundon: Weils. Far?o & Co; Tillmann A Bendel;
I C C Pennell ACo saunuer*. Ward & o : G»org • M
j Rogers: Wm Jlackie; W B Huraner ACo ; Mount
I Shaita Mineral Spiing Water Co; W T G»r ett A
| Co: Apoiio Con Minlns Co; Jo* Mallard: Ueor>{e
I King; Hoffman, Rothschild & <o; Bank of Call
! forma: X i- Hume: G Ui.nl .r A » o: W N l'OLter.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAJISmP .CO.
STEAMERS • LEAVrJ BROADWAY Art
wharf, San .• Francisco,- as follows: 1 • ! sSSSSX
For Doris In 'Alaska, May 1, . 6 11, 18. 21, 26,
31 and every tilth day thereafter, at 9 a. it.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wratcom (Bcllingham Bay. Wash.). 9 a. v.
May 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26 and 31 every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the c. P It.
; R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. it., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For KureKa, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
i boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 2 p. m.. Ma 4. 8, 12, 16,
20. 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Caynco\
' Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Uaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Ilueneme, san Pedro, Hast San
j Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
\ May 2, 6, 10, 14, 18. 22. 28, 30 and every toarta
I day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Fort Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Tort Los An-
feles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport 11
a.m. May 4, 8. I:, 16, 20, 24, 28 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. M*wiUan, L»
Pax and Gaaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. 10
A. M., June 2, and 2 1 of each month tlieri-after
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamer", sHilin? dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palaco Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FASjT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN 3D
. From Spear-street Wharf.' at 10 a. if.
FA PIT /•IS First-class \ Including
Jr\ii.CA«rt Second-class /berth <ft meals
SCHEDULE Of SAILING'S:
Columbia ...May 13, 23.' June 8, 13
State of California ...May 18. '.'a June 7.17
Through tickets and through baggage to al 1
Eastern points. Rales and folders upon applies^
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent*
fHBBJBBKIIM S. S. AUSTRALIAN?
MMiC « ON o l U L LJ on!.-.
•£»*■■■•« Tuesday, May 18. a:
y™^-— «^ 2P. v. tptcial party
tk^rx'y, rates.
Sfwrnchine) The S. 8. ALAMED A
CyiWJllljlHl/^ call 1 via HONOLULU
/nmFffl|7£U and AUCKLAND for
Vyill^/UIWp sYDNBY, Thursday,
May 27. 'i p. 11.
Line to COOLG ARDIE. Anst. .and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
■ .... 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, san Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GEJfERAL .TUIS.ITUITIQUI-
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH MR
\J River, foot of Morton it. Travelers by ■f**^K
this line avoid both transit by English railway an
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
first class 9160. second class 9110.
LA CHAMPAGNE .., May 22. 10 A. if.
LA GASCOONR May 29. 10a. X.
LA TOURAINK. J me 10 v *.
LA BRETAGNE ..June 12. 10a. »f.
LA CHAMPAGNE Inn» 19, 10a. X.
0g" tot further particulars apply ti
- A. FORGET. Agent,
i Ho. S. Howling Green. New Yor«.
! 3. P. FUQAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Moutgom3r»
1 avenue. San Franc Isco. • - ■ .■ ■ .
«»H^ru K BAIBUWMIERHUI .MIS
<«wMßSri£sS^Sjg> TWIN-SCIIEW L..\.Vtl.-:,*
r 11T^rir"~ Line from Now York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, i'aru Ji iiuruijurat,
!P. Bismarck May 27 I Ail::. "Victoria. . Juue 17
i oma...ii .... Ju.ie 3 k r.ismir-.. .. .I l.ne
Columbia... June 1) | Normannla — Ju yi
Hamburir-AinericHii Liji«,37 K'way.-V.V.
KAHN & HKI'.ZO'J: Agents. 401 California sU,
San Francisco. Cal.
~~~ STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington st^
At 0 F. M. Daily. Freight receive.l 119
. , to .:3i> F. 31.
■a- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone"
The only rWin se.llu^ throjgh tickets aua giving
through "freight rate* to all pom 0:1 Vail*/
* Ur ° at ■: , STEAMER* •
T. C. Walker. * J. D. P»tar«,
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. ..'» CaL Nay. aud impt. V
FOR D. S. IAVV-f HID AID VALLEJD.
SIKAMKK "MONTI CELLO.'
Hon., Tnes., Wed.. Thus, and Sat.:.. I '. - ■'■■ »
..9:45a. m. and 3:15r m (9 p. m ex. Tburs.)
Fridays 1.... V.1 p. St.: 9? M
bunday5....... ..........:.".. 10:80 A.M. and 8 p. *.'
landing and orllcps. Mission Docc.' Pier J.
: - •: - : ■ - Telepnone Urwn 831. ...-■ •;;.»;. v.'-
FOR SA\ JOSE. I.OS GATOS & SARTACRCZ
STKAMKH ALVISO LEAVER ViKti 1 DAILY
O (Sundays excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso daily
(Saturday excepted). at 7 t. m. Freight ant
Passenger. Fare botween " Sao- Francisco an*
Alviso, 500; »to Sau Jose. 75c. Clay at.^?l«t
iW W. *MU»t»CUr»su ami Jos* "7LABOR ASKS FOR
ITS ABROGATION
Hawaiian Treaty Discussed
by the Federation of
Trades.
Senator Perkins Also Writes on
the Subject to the Su
pervisors.
He Says He Will B? Guided by the
Expressed Op. Dion of the People
of the State.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call.)
IX)S Broadway, May 17. )
The A'ameda County Federation of
Trades at its regular weekly meeting
passed the following resolution:
■ .. Whereas, The question of abrogating the
7re i- : treaty witn Hawaii is now before Con
gress; end, wherens, we believe In advocating
the o: .i'iovm nt of home labor in California in
every j-.oss.ble instance, and we further be
iicve tnat tin abrogation of the present Ha
wnllan ireutv would have a great tendency to
biii d up the beet-augur industry in California
and thereby put to wore many unernp oyed
ineD hose worK is now being done by cooly
labor in Hawaii, therefore be it
Kcsolvea. That the Alameda County Federa
tion of Trades most earnestly urge our repre
sentatives in Congress to do all in their power
to cause the abrogation of said treaty.
The Hawaiian reciprocity treaty occu
pied the attention of the Supervisors for *
short tirue to-day. A week ago a dispatch
was sent to Senator Perkins by the board
asking him to do all in his power to pro
tect, California interests with regard to the
treaty. To-day the following reply was
received :
.Vy Dear Sir: I am in receipt of telegram 1
relating 10 tfte abrogation of the Hawaiian
reciprocity treaty and will very gladly give it
my consideration. lam placed in this matter
in a very embarrassing situation, by reason of
the divergnt views taken regarding reci
procity with Hawaii by prominent citizens and
commercial bodies In different parts of th,e
State.
©The commercial organizations, banks and
ixport< rs 'i San Francisco deem the continu
ance of the treaty 01 vital importance to them
and to the general prosperity of the Slate,
while from ihe interior cities and counties
come appeals for trie abrogation of the
treaty. The point on wnich the opposition to
the treaty is bfi«ed is the beet-sugar industry
ot".the State. No one can be more alive to the
Importance of that industry than myself, and
I hope Io »cc it grow and give to the State that
prosperity which I believe it in capable of pro
ducing.
. But there seem to be two views to the effect
of the continuance of the reciprocity treaty
. upon this industry, and it is these that have
given rise to the demands for its continuance
and abrogation. Both view? are strongly held
and both have a strong backing of fuels, so
that it-is not easy to determine whether one
j arty ii right and another wrong, or whether
tlO truth .ies between the two opinions.
Therefore, as you will see, my position in re
gard to the question at is«ue is embarrassing.
We are noiv paying to China, the East Indies
and other countries with wnich we have no
reciprocity treaties tens of millions oi dollars
each ye^r for sugar, on which we impose an
import duty, and as long as we are compelled
to purchase sugar from foreign countries it
seems but right mat we should give to those
granting us procity benefits an advantage
in removing duties from their staple article of
export. If we were not paying out such
■vast sums to other sugar - producing
countries there could be no question j
that the reciprocity treaty wiih Hawatishould
be abrogated. Bat as long as we are unable to
ju educe sufficient sugar /or our own consump-
Uofi it is noi, to my mind, gui d policy to raai
'aly change our relations with a country
■with which reciprocity has been mutually ad
vantageous.
: "1 can only say that my best thought shall
be given 10 the matter, and that I shall be gov
erned in ray action by the wishes of the major
ity of the Deopi* nf the State as far at I can as
certain what they are. That they will make
t:>eir wishes known in no uncertain way I
have no reason to doubt."
EARLY CLOSING.
The Movement Postponed Owing to the
Opposition of One Van.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 17.— The move
ment for the early closing of the stores in
this city bag met an unexpected obstacle
in tie person of the proprietor of one gro
cery-store, and it looks now as though
tnere would have to be an indefinite post
ponement of the project. The man in
question is the proprietor of a grocery
store on Park street, and he c aims that
the greater portion of his trade is after
nightfall, and to close up at 6:30 or even 7
would destroy his business. The other
grocers agreed to close if all would do so,
bat as the one in question will not agree,
or has not so far, tue movement has come
to a' standstill.
Hosting Xotei.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 17.— The ques
on of having sports on Memorial day
has come up in the Alameda Boating Club
'and lias been decided in the negative. The
club was of the opinion that a proper ob
servance of the spirit of that day would
not permit them to indulce in amuse
ments even of the harmless kind which is
their mission, and so voted to hold no
race. • : .
Disappointed.
A LAM EDA, Cal., May 17.— The refusal
of the railroad company to adopt the loop
system of running its trains through
Alameiia has been productive of consider
able disappointment, especially among
those who live in that portion of iowd
which would have been provided thereby
with better transportation facilities than
sit present enjoyed. They had hoped that
the company could see that with very lit
tle expense in track-laying it could avoid
the' necessity of an expensive bridge. JJut
it appears that the company trunks other
wisp.
Notes.
 There is considerable complaint because
many members of the volunieer fcr^e aid
not turn out at the Llnderman's Opera
house lire a week ago. There were thirty
members absent.
The holiness convention at the Free
Methodist church has aroused so much
interest that it has been decided to con
tinue it for anotter week.
DR. GIBBON DEAD.
ALAMEDA, Cal , May 17— Dr. William
T. Gibbon, father of Dr. William T. Gibbon
Jr. of S:tn Francisco, died at his borne
this eveninc. Kidney trouble and old
ape cause t his deatb.
The deceased was a native of Delaware
and was 83 years old. He had lived in
Alarneda for thirty-six year?, and was
well known and highly esteemed. He at
one time took a prominent part in Ala
meda politic?, and was one of the found
ers of the Alameda library. He was a
man of scientific attainments, was a
Mason and had been an oflio-er of the
Academy of Sciences.
The funeral will be held from his late
residence, 2434 Ontral avenue, to-mor
row morning at 9:30 o'clock.
Xo More High chool Board.
OAKLAND. Cal. May 17.— The Board
of Education abolished the High School
Board to-night. Hereafter, upon the rep
resentation of Giles Gray, me city Board
ol Education will handle the hieh school
matters without adjourning and reas
sembling a hereto'ore.
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni'3 is a tru»
beautifier , whose effects are lasting. 4
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Made Her Debut in Dr. Chapman's Church.
OAKLAND, Cat,. , May 17.— Rev. Rosina El wards preached her first sermon In Oakland
yesterday in the Market-street Congregational Church. The lady has accepted a call to become
Dsstor of her father's churci in Hillyard, Wash. For several years she has been studying for
the ministry, and completed her theological education at the Pacific Theological Seminary In
this city. Her father, Rev. Jonathan Edwards, is about to occupy a new pastorate, and, after
suggesting s*veral candidates for his successor, which wero not acceptable to the congrega
tion, he proposed tne name of his daughter, and, to his own and others' surprise, she was
unanimously tendered the call. Recently she announced her engagement to George Atkinson,
a student at the seminary, who has still one year to 6tudy before ordination.
WOULD BLOW UP SALOONS
Rev. Mr. Rader Strongly Urges
an Explosive Temperance
Sentiment.
Considers the Sunday Dramshop Per
fectly Expressive of Sabbath
Desecration-
OAKLAND, CaI., May 17.— William
Rader of San Francisco made a sensational
address before the convection of the Cali- '
fornia Sabbath. Observance Association in
the First Congregational Church to-night
He said in part:
No other institution in America more com
pletely embodies or more perfectly expresses
the spirit of Sabbath desecration than the
Sunday saloon. It the saloon is a social |
nuisance on Saturday it id thrice a nuisance |
on Sunday. It is secular in proportion as Sun- |
dsv is sacred. The community which lacks j
sufficient public sentiment in close saloons on :
Sunday is not politically Christian. Some- I
thing is radically wrong when full churches I
and full saloons exist side by side in one city, i
Th« open church and the open saloon make a
social paradox. The closed saluoa and the j
open church it the ideal condition.
Tne ground of our opposition is not the in- j
fluence of Sunday closing upon worklngmen. j
nor the historical Sabbath sustained by proof j
texts from Scripture, nor upon J the fact that
iv this State: we nave no Civic Sabbath." The j
open saloon on Sunday is a disgrace, whether I
labor is profited or not. The economy of the
problem is subordinate to the. righteousness of
it. The open saloon is a. menace to Sabbath
sanctity whether the Seventh-day Advenllsts :
are right or wrong. No hair-splitting defini
tions of the Sabbath materially affect the
broader basal principle under. the whole
question.
I have heard of but one saloon being sup
pressed in San Francisco, and that was by
dynamite. When public sentiment turns to
dynamite, when temperance sentiment be
comes explosive and definite ana consolidated,
then the suppression will go on. .
Appioacned on any side a discussion of Sab
bath desecration opens up every living topic
agitating the public mind. It is a hornet's
nest, which once disturbed brings out every
phase of the secular spirit and every form of
materialism. It toliows therefore that, the
matter of Sabbath observance is logical ly in
terwoven with the whole problem of the liquor
traffic.
In the city of Oakland, within the past two
years, two magnificent attempts were made,
not merely for temperance reform, but for the
honor of the Lord's day and the glory of God.
In bo instances the people were practically
one. It is true that one sect, consistent with
its own views, took grounds r.gairs: tnis move
ment and mirchtd with the saloon power, but
■or the must part the people were united. In
both instances, notably the fir«t, the leeders
fell, stabbed to the heart by the arrows of tne
enemy poisoned with power. By one vote a
great victory for Sunday closing was lost by
one of your representatives — or rather mlsrep-
ma lives — a man who was solemnly pledged
to sustain the people, elected to the r.fflce of
Councilman on the non-purtisnn temperance
ticket, but who on two different occasions,
with apparent sincerity and with an mr of a
martyr, fell belore Richmond, stunned and
battered by the paper pellet of a political pop
gun.
Let us bring to this tattle the cannon of a
civic Sabbath law. In 1858 an act entitled
"An act for the better observance of the Sab
bath" passed the Legislature. A man accused
of violating the law appealed to the Supreme
Court, which decided that it was unconstitu
tional. In 1872 another law was passed, re
maining In force eleven year*. A political
party destroyed it. Since 1883 we have had
no civic Sabbath law. From our Legislature
we have a right to expect an act that will
place California In the list of civicly protected
Slates on the Sabbath day.
CONSUMPTIVE CATTLE.
A Condemned Herd Fplivted Away From
Hie li ealth Authorities.
BERKLEY, Cal., May 17.— Twenty- r our
cows afflicted with consumption and con
demned to death were spirited away from
Berkeley yesterday or last nieht by the
owner, who, it is thought, intends to use
Hiem for dairy purro es in spite of their
condition. The cows were to have been
slaughtered to-day by Dr. Rowel!.
The diseased animals are sai I to be the
property of C. Curtin, who conducts a
dairy in tie hills east of Berkeley. Last
week Dr. Rowell subjected Cttrtin* s cattle
to th? t.jbercuiin test with the result that
out of forty-three animals twenty-four
were found to be Buffering irum tubercu
losis.
Dr. Rowell condemned the cows on
Saturday, and set ihem apart to be slaugh
tered. When the work of sorting out the
healthy half of the herd was done it was
too late to begin the killing, so the con- j
derailed cattle were left with tlieir owner.
This mornintr Dr. Rowell found all the
cows were missing. They had been driven
away in the direction of Martinez and are
outside of Alameda County. The doctor
at once notified the authorities at Mar
tinez and the health ottic at Oakland,
and a sharp watch will be kept to prevent
tuberculous meat or milk being sold as a
result.
A Motorman'fi Severe Shock.
OAKLAND, Cal, May 17.— Charles
Ctrr, a motorman on the Hayward* line,
received a shock yesterday of 1500 voitsof
electricity, buc no material injuries are
apparent, except a peculiar mark burned
on his right leg, which is at present par
tmliy useless. Carr was given charge of
the big freight locomotive this morning,
and while lastening a loose wire on the
top of the locomotive he received ibe lull
force of the current, which threw him to
;he ground several feet away. His hand
was somewhat burned, but his injuries are
very light compared with the strength of
the current
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
FRICK SUES McNEAR.
Claim for Services Rendered
During the Last Leg
islature.
The Attorney Frvpared a Bill Re
lating to the Franchises of
Whaiv s ni Piers.
Oakland Office San Frakcipco Call, }
908 Broadway, May 17. J
Attorney A. L. Frick tiled a suit to-day
against George W. McNenr and P. E.
Bowles, president of the First National
Bank, for f>ooo. The suit does not give
any details, btlt merely recites the fact
that between January 1 and April lof
this year the plaint ff, who is a member of
the law firm of Frick & Goodcell, rendered
services to the defendant that wero reason
ably worth the sum of $SCOO.
The work lor which Judge Frick claims
compensation was done at Sacramento
during the late Legislature. . AlcNear's
wharves at Port Costa were in an uncer
tain condition regarding their franchise.
Under the act of 1893 Supervisors are re
quired to issue franchises to the highest
bidder only. Prior to that time MrNear
had obtained a twenty-year franchise for
his wharves at Port Costa, and that period
is just about to expire. The, last Legis
lature presented a solution of the diffi
culty. A bill was passed amending the
act of 1593 by accepting renewals of fran
chises tor wnarves, chutes and piers.
Judge Frick appeared at bacramento at
the special instance of Messrs Bowies and
| McNear and worked in the interest of the
amendment to the act of 1893, and with
such success thai it became a law by re
ceiving the Governor's signature.
Mr. Bowles declined to discuss the mat
ter to-day and said that Judge Frick had
j not been employed by him and that
i would be hi* answer to the suit.
When told that Mr. Bowles denied em
ploying him Judge Frick was very indig
| nant and said: "Mr. - Bowles does not
speak the truth. lie called me into bis
bank one Sunday morning and asked me
to see if an amendment could not be in
corporated upon a bill then pending be
fore the Legislature known as the Mead
bill. He furnished me with the desired
amendment and explained to me the posi
tion of Mr. McNear regarding his wharves
nnd said he had been requested by Mc-
Near to get m* to take hold of the matter.
"I dictated the bill which wag intro
duced by Assemblyman Wright, and I
took charge of it until it was finally
passed. Mr. Bowles ha* frequently told
me •■ iiico that the only difference oetween
us was regarding the value of my service*.
i I have waited over two months for an am
i icable settlement and have now brought
suit as my offer to submit the matter to
arbitration was not accepted. As proof of
i the service I might say that on one occasion
Mr. Bowles showed me a lotter from Mr.
McNear in which he said he would like to
pei tie with me for $tO3. Messrs Delmas
& Shortridge are my attorneys in this
matter. ,
WILDER PROTESTS.
Reasons Why ltaiiroud Property Should
Not Bo Opened.
OAKLAND, C>l., May 17.— At the meet
ing of the Supervisors to-day Superin
tendent A. D. Wilder of the Southern Pa
cific sent a protest against opening addi
tional streets across the property of the
company at Fruitvale. The protest was
called forth by the petition of the resi
dents of Fruiivale to open Tevis street
ac rots the right of wav of the railroad.
In his protest Mr. Wilder says that the
railroad company purchased the land for
$1000 an acre over twenty-rive years ago.
j The title is absolute and not for railroad
purposes only. In subdividing the prop
erty adjacent 'he owners of the land made
no provision for proper means of access to
the streets which they laid out, evidontly
considering the railroad ground as public
property. In contusion Air. Wilder
says:
So far as Tevis street Is concerned, we deem
it a sufficient answer that us such street exists
on one side only of our right of wny, there c«n
be no propriety in the extension of Its lines
across our land only to have the street abut
against private property. But we have taken
this occasion to present the entire matter
i more fully to the Honorable board, trusting;
the/ will recognize our desire to meet the peo
pe more than half way, and agree with us
that the policy we are lollowlng is fair to all
concerned.
; Mint Look After Insane. -
OAKLAND, CAi..»May 17.— District At
torney Snook rendered an opinion to the
Supervisors to-day declaring that it is the
duty of the officers of the Receiving Hos
pital to keep insane patients under the
new act. The matter of a keeper 1« left by
the law to the discretion of the Board of
Supervisors, and if the regular help of the
Receiving Hospital is not sufficient to
look after lunatics pending examination
and commitment to an asylum, additional
help musl be employed. The cost and
expense of such care and attention are to
be borne by the town or city securing
such commitment.
Mr«. Stratum's Funeral. *
OAKLAND, Cal., May 17— The funeral
of Mrs. Fred Straiton, wife of Senator
Stratton, will be' held >-morrow a'ter
i noon. Services' will be conducted at the
I Fir»t Congregational Church by Rev. Dr.
!J. K. McLean at 2 o'clock. The inter
-1 ment will be private* ._..,,
YOUNG ELOPERS
GET SAFELY OFF
Ray Torras Did Not Receive
the Parental Bless
ing,
He and His Brds Left Oakland
on the Overland
Train.
The Bride Met Her Parents and Said
Good-By, but There Was No
Shooting-
Oakland Office Ban Franctbco Call,)
903 Broadway, Way 17. S
Ray Torras did the Lochinvar act with
safety yesterday, although he made use of
the overland train instead of a trusty
steed. After the trouble on Saturday,
when Mrs. McCord tried to pull her
daughter out of a buggy in which 9ho was
ndinp with her young husband, Mr. and
Mrs. Torras decided to change their
quarters.
Mrs. Torras went to the home of her
mother and carefully packed up her be
longings. Being of legal age, her mother
was informed it would be useless to at
tempt to prevent her or to do anything
toward separating the young bride and
proom. After packing up, the young
lady placed her valise and trunu in a
bucgy and, with her mother by her side
and her portly father standing on the
axle behind and hanging on to the seat,
ihey drove to Fruitvale station yesterday
in time for Mrs. Torras to get the over
land train.
Ray Torras, the young husband, was a
very mad young man yesterday. The
stories told about him by his mother-in
law roused his anger and he told his friends
that tbe world's population of adults
would bedecreasfd by one before nient.
Torras is well ksown as a lighter, having
figured conspicuously some months «po in
a fight at tlie Hermitage over the affec
tions of a girl who afterward tried to end
her life by shooting herself. Yesterday,
however, he shot oft nothing more dan
gerous than a large amount of language
and ;-ucceede(l in meeting his young wife
on the overland train after she had bidden
her parents good-by. The young couple
intend to stay in the East until the atmos
phere at Fruitvale is moro congenial to
both of them.
NEW "FRAT" HOUSE.
The Phi Delta Theta Fraternity at
the State University About
to Build.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 17.— Phi
Delia Theta Fraternity of the Stale Uni
versity is about to commence the erection
on its lot, at the corner of Dura nt and
Telegraph avenues, of a new $8000 chapter
house. Ground will be broken and work
commenced within a fortnight. ... ,
-^ .The new c hall of lie orier will jie
Grecian in . architecture, and will contain
seventeen- rooms. On the lower floor will
be a urawing-room thirty-six feet in
length ami a dining-room twenty-five feet
long. Besides the kitchen there will also
be a library and reception-room on the
first floor. On the second . will be twelve
chamber*, while the attic will be con
verted into a spacious chapter-hall.
Phi Delta Theta will be the third frater
nity at the university to own a chapter
house. The other two havine houses of
their own are the Beta Theta Pi and Theta
Psi. ,
Apple and Pear Pest.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 17.— Professor
C. W. Wood worth, the entomologist at the
State University, has gone to Colusa
County to investigate a new pest which
has made its appearance in apple and pear
orchards of that county. Th pest is said
to have destroyed over 1000 apple and pear
trees near Wiliets, and the university has
been called upon by the growers to pre
scribe a remedy.
* — * — •
Poisonous Strawberries.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 17.— Several
cases of slight po.soning hove been re
ported during the past week, and it is
thought that they are the re«ults ol eating
strawberries grown by Chinamen. It is
stated that the Chinese gardeners put
paris green on the vines to kill insects.
None of the cases are serious, but the fruit
should he washed in many waters when
ever t nor.' is a suspicion that it has been
grown in a Chinese garden.
FOR MASONS TO READ.
A Magnificently Printed History of the
Craft During Fifty Years in
California.
"Fifty Years of Masonry in California"
is the title of a magnificently printed
work now being published In twenty
parts by George Spauldiug & Co. of San
Francisco. The work is embellished with
steel engravings and half-tones, executed
in the highest style of the art. The front
ispiece of part 1 is a lifelike engraving of
Colonel J. D. Stevenson, P. G. M., and
elsewhere in the number are portraits of
Cnptain John Paul Jones Davison, P. M.
and P. H. P., and of Joseph Hull, P. M.
These three men speak well for the sa
lubrity of California's c'imote, Colonel
Stevenson living to be 91 years and 1
month old, Captain D.ivison 98 y«»ars and
G months, and Past Master Hull 83 years
The entire work will contain about 800
paces, with 200 illustrations and twenty
steel-plate engravings. It is compiled
and edited by Edwin A. Sherman, thir
ty-third derree, and venerable grand sec
reta-y of ttie Masonic Veteran Associa
tion of the Pacitic Coast.
THE LABOE CONVENTION.
Delegates to Meet ami Discuss the I
Hawaiian Labor Question. ,
When the California Labor Convention
adjourned sine die shortly alter the ad
journment of the last Legislature it was
believed that its mission was ended. Its
purpose Was to take such action as yeas
necessary to secure toe passage of certain
laws of advantage to labor. An effort is
being mado to revive the convention, as
will be seen by the following notice sent
out to nil of the delegates: .
Pan Francisco, May 16, 1897.
Dear Sir and Brother: You »re earnestly
requested to attend » special m -etinc of the
delegate! of the California Labor Convention,
to be held on the evening of the 18th
at the usuil place, for the purpose of acting
upon the report of Ltbor Commissioner Fitz
gerald in regard to displacing Asiatic with
white labor in the Hawaiian Inlands.
; v -,yix . • .■- ■ ■• J. .Rose, Chairman.
While many may attend the meeting to
nichtatols^"Marketstreet, there are many
who will not. The latter take the ground
that the convention went out of existence
when it adjourned sine die, and that they
The fac-Bimile /I? s/ir* . '^-'"* *• on ever wrapper
signature of iAa^ffj^^^ ... of QASTOkIA.
as delegates were discharged by their re
spective labor unions and therefore have
no rignt to represent their unions at to
night's meeting. Those favoring the re
assembling of the convention declare that
by virtue of the words sine die (without
day) t c convention did not set a special
dote for reassembling, but that the chair
man has the richt to make a day for call
ing the convention together again.
OLYMPIC BOXING BOUTS.
Tho rujrilUt^ Are In Good Trim for
This Evening's Entertainment.
The Olympic Club has made fall and
complete preparations for this evening's
fistic entertainment at Woodward* Pa
vilion.
It wn reported yesterday that because
of the death of young Lawlor's father the
"curtain-raiser" would have to be declared
off; but the superintendent of the ciub
says that there is no hing in tne report
and that all the matches advertised will
go on on time.
The first event will be called at 8 p. H.
sharp, and those who will tarry by the
wayside, as in former exhibitions, will
miss seeing what may possibly be the
most interesting event of the evening.
Jeffries and Gans are in superb condi
tion and the latest intelligence from
Blanken's is to the effect that Baker and
.Leonard are also in good condition.
Bruting, however, is 2 to 1 that the Six
mile training resort will not produce a
winner.
Gans, however, will be watched very
closfly, and should he not debt up to his
usual form the referee will introduce a
measure that may not prove financially to
the satisfaction of the colored pugilist.
The entertainment promises to be a great
success.
DIED AT AUBUEN.
Unexptc'ed Demise of J. A. Boyken of
the "Siiaka" Drugstore.
J. Arthur Boyken, proprietor of the
well-known "Snake" drugstore, on Grant
avenue and Sutter street, died at Auburn,
Pacer County, yesterday morning.
He had bean in failing health for some
time and went to Arizona to recuperate.
He returned last Wednesday feeling rauc h
improve.!, and next day went to Auburn
to remain for a month or two. The news
of nis death was quite unexpected.
He leaves a widow and four children,
and the widow on receipt of the news leit
on the first train for Auburn. She will
return with the body to this City.
The deceased was a native of Germany,
47 years of age, and arrived in New York
in 1869. He came to California in 1875 and
obtained employment in the store of Dr.
Lsipnitz, the "snake doctor." In 1887 he
was made a partner, and on the death of
Dr. Leipnitz a few years ago he was by his
will pluced in entire possession of the
Btore ' __________
"WHERE AM I AT?"
Ths Pathetic Inquiry of a
Mao in the Police
Courts.
E. Cadenasso'* Rougi Experience In
Trying to G t H s Money Back
From Mrs- Mass-
E. Cadenasso is iike the member < f
Congress who made himself famous with
the inquiry, 'Whercam lat? 1
Some week! ago Cadenasso loaned $200
to a Mrs. Sophie Mas?, accepting as se
curity an assignment of htr property at
15C9 Steiner street. Subsequently the
woman sold the property to another man,
and as Cadenasso believed himself duped
he had the woman arrested on a charge of
obtaining money under falss pretenses.
The case proved most complicated when
heard before Police Judge Campell, the
evidence show.ng that while Cadenasso
bad actually been defrauded, Mrs. Mass
had been made the catspaw in the affair
for the benefit of others.
In view of this fact Judge Campbell
seemed inclined to be lenient with her,
ana as her friends offered to pay back the
borrowed money he asked the prosecuting
witness if he was satisfied to dismiss the
charge providing ne received his $200.
That "uiteil Cadenasso to a nicety and
he so declared.
The court was incidentally reminded by
the Prosecuting Attorney "that he was
placing himself in the position of a collec
tion agency, whereupon Judge Campbell
dismissed the case.
Yesterday Cadenasso was again up as
complainant before Judge Low, Mrs.
Sophie Mass being the defendant. The
same testimony as produced on the first
trial was again heard with the same re
suit.
"I'm inclined to bo lenient with you,
madam," stated Judge Low. "I will hold
you to answer on this cliare-e and release
you on a small bond, sxy $500."
Attorney Lucius Solomon, who repre
sented Mn Macs, pleaded that the
woman could not even furnish such a
j small bond on account of her lack of
I friends.
"But," he added, "were it not that I do
not wish to be regarded as compounding
a felony, I would willingly, out of friend
ship for this unfortunate woman, pay the
complainant his $200"
"Why not go on her bond, then?" asked
Judgo Low.
"I would sooner pay the $200 than do
that. And, besides, the Supervisors have
prohibited attorneys from going on the
bonds of their clients."
"That makes no difference here; the
Supervisors are not running this court,"
the Judge said. "I will accept your bond
in this case."
Attorney Solomon persisted he would
prefer paying t be $200 if it were permitted.
Cadenasso was asked if he would be sat
isfied with getting back his money and a
dismissal of the charge. He looked ihe
picture of despair, and remembering h:s
experience in Judge Campbell's court he
answered, hesitatingly:
"No; I want my money, but I want the
woman prosecuted."
Judge Low was quife indignant. Tnrn
ing to Cauenasso he remarked: "Tuis
looks too much like persecution. You
don't care enough for your money being
returned but want to have this woman
punished also. I dismiss the case.' 1
Cadenasso could have dropped through
the courtroom floor.
"What !' heshoutea. "In Judge Camp
bell's court the case was dismissed be
cause I wanted to accept my money and
lot the woman go, and in this couri the
case is di> missed because I did not want to
take my mone7 and let her go. Where
can I get justice?"
Through his attorney?, Ruef and Ross,
Cadenasso proposes bringing the matter
before the urand Jury.
ENDEAVORERS AT WORK
Committee* Which Will Look After the
Many Delegates
There was ft mass-meeting of the '97
committee of the Christian Endeavorers
at Calvary Presbyterian Church lastnight.
The committee represented 900 Endear
orers, of whom 500 are in San Francisco,
200 at Oakland, 100 at Freanoand 100 at
Sacramento.
The purpose of the meeting was to ar
range for the variom sections or commit
tees which are to work for the success of
the convention.
There was a praise service last ni<?ht led
by J. J. Morris, while A. 8. Herriofc
of Sacramento and Rev. Q. D. B. Stewart
le<l in prayer.
There will be a dinner at Plymouth
Auction Baiee
CHAS. LETY & CO.. ACCTIOIEEU
balesrooms—l!3's Mtrke. atraa:.
. . thTs day.
TUESDAY...... MAT 18, 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. M.. at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST.. BET. 71H & BTH,
— ... Wl Will SKLL...
Two Square Pianos (UnKkerin ; make): Eleeant
Line of Fanil Carpets. Stoves, .ongei. Ma-
hogany Furniture, Cr icicery, Olassware, etc.
CHAS. LkVY & co.. Auct oncer*.
UDIAH.I AUCTiOS COMPASY.
.Removed salerooms to 1171 Mission st., near
Eighth. Telephone .Mint 1 £93. Art gooJs, furni-
ture and merchandise bought and sold.
Regular dales Days. Tuesday and Friday.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday May 18, 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m, at Salesroom.!
1171 Mission Street, Near Eighth,
WE WILL SKLT.....
By order of Administrator, a Good Lot of Furni-
ture consisting of Bedroom suns. BoDkcaies, Kx-
tension tables, Chairs, Lounges, larpets. Hues,
Curtains. Portieres, Comforters, LamDS. Clocks,
Flcture Frames, Kitchen Ulen,l s. -tovea, etc
H. J. I.EUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
FORECLOSURE SALE
OF A
FIRST-CLASS PRINTING ESTABLISHMENT
Which cost $7000, at 625 Washington st.,
. . Near Montgomery, ■
This DAT (Taesclav), May 18, 1897,
Commencing at 10:30 o'clock sharp. Including:
3 Flue Gordon Presses, 1 iis-lnch I'arago 1 Paper
Cutter, 1 2V5s horse power (_<a% Kngin-. 12 > Fums
of As-orted Jo (Type, 10 Printer's Rbcks, 4 Im-
posing -tones, 1 Fine Pro >f Press, 1 'JO-case Cab-
inet, 8 Cas'S Cuts ana Ornaments, 1 Large Dryer,
Inks, Koilers, iafis. Pui.e/3, Beltlnz, etc
Th<>se goods are all in line con iltion unl muit
be sold to pa. mortgage.
• J. C. MOTHER, Auctioneer.
Office 632 Mark* at.
ELEG4ST FURSITURB.
THIS DAY (TUKSUAY), at 11 A. M.
>«25 Geary Street, ><-;ir Larkin.
See Chronicle.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
_ 602 Market street.
Church to-night under the control of the
Christian Endeavor Society and ladies of
the church. It will take place at 6:30 p. m.
"" » —*> —•
The Grocers' Outing.
The retail grocers of San Francisco are to
have their twenty-sixth annual outing at
Schuetzen Park to-morrow. At least that is
the date for the outing of the Retail Grocers'
Association, an organization which includes
within its membership most of the representa
tive grocers of the City.
A leaiure of the programme of sports Is to De
a tue-of-war between the married grocery
travelers, captained by James R. T. Mcrshou,
and the single travelers, unaer the leadership
of Harry Roesler. Another feature is to be a
rsce between A. McVicker and Con Grau, a
well-known city salesman, for a gold medaL
There will also be out <;oor games.
• —♦ —•
Closing Tnrk Street.
George Brown, Pauline Korthrup, Margaret
Ross, E. G. Bressy. George A. Raymond, John
C. Lutz, James Clyde and William McCall have
Instituted an action at law to annul ordinance
3080, which provides for closing up and va
cating a portion of Turk street trom the east
erly line 01 Masonic avenue to the westerly
line of St. Joseph avenue. Judge Seawell
has issued a cituion for the Board of Super
visors to show causa why this petition shall
not be eranted and has set the preliminary
hearing for the 21st inst. . ... - .. .
NEW TO-DAY.
A TRUE VITALIZER.
\ v^_«i___i^ /
f> ¥-. ■ «"--:'_tA'" - - .--. . .- . — j^.
"DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BZLT."
AN APPLIANCE TDATGIVKB SI'AHKSOF
life Into your nerves. Spar«s that you feel.
Its power Is felt upon the surface of the body in
ono moment. It permeate* every vital function.
Every lecturer on the public platform, every
physician of note, every HCI-ntllic work that you
read, tells you that "Klectricity Is .Life." fcvery
element of your being gives demons ration of the
truth of this assertion. It Is a fi»ct. No one doubts
it. With your nerves and b!oi d charged wllh :li!s
electric force there Is no chance fordl9eose.no
place lor weakness. It is the fundamental princi-
ple of vigorous manho.d and womanhood. \Vh»re
It is disease cannot be. It cures without drugging
the stomach.. Give It a trial. Dr. Pierces Pat-
ented Kelt Is warranted to be superior to all- oth-
ers, and is sold at KKABOXA ULK PRICE-*. Buy
no belt till you see Dr. Pierce'?.
Call or send for FKKK BOOK. Address DR.
PIERCE & SON. 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
or 640 Market st , below Kearny, San Francisco.
Agents as follows: Ho den Drug Co., Stockton ;
R. K. Ooglngs, Sacramento, ana U. B. Morehead,
San Jose. . . • . .
mf For RUPTURE use "DR. PIERCE' 3
Ma netlc Kl»stic Truss." • •
§ Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KKABNYNT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manbond. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Disposes. The doctorcures when
othersfall. Try him. Charges low.
rnrr«tn&ran<rrd. Cullorwrite.
is;-- J. v. «_f Bos 1937. Franciscc
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
On MONDAYS and JiSfGgjgSejSgfJW
THCRHDAYB the first- fifw^aaftafirl
class Pullman sleeping-car KMMmj^MU
leaving at & p. x. connects HWMMasranffjßßi
at warstow with the Snota YmV^<_ffflO^_P
Fa limited train parrying ,Wlj§l>^jHTMfigjr
dln Ing-cur, buffet smoking- mWjt3?S&]£u£Sffj
car and Pullman p>lac« fmT&YjgP* *~T\yln
drswinr-room sleeplng-curs I3«S^SS&S^ISa
for both. ChiC.go and St. "•^^** l^ '^" IP
LojU via Kansas City. . .. • . ■ . . • .
:$ l 3 Days to Chicago or St. Louis.
«>_ Dar« to Nnw York. . -'A,^.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6p. 11. Pullman palace drawing*
room, also modern upholstered, tourist. aleeplnc
cars, thr iiL-h to 1 hlcago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and St. Louis. ■ . : .
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago^
Montreal and the White Mountains leave ever/
Tuesday; St. Haul excursions every Sunday.
j Ticket Office, 644 Market *<r«.-t, <■ hron*
tola building. Telephone Main 1531.
1 KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROA&~
(Via Bausalito Ferry).
From Ban Francisco, Commencing May 2, 1897.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley. and San Rafael— 7 •8:16.
•9:45. 11:30 a. m.; *1:45, 3:0, 4:00, 5:16
. •6:00. 6:30 P. x. ...
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
■ days and Saturdays a 11:30 p. x.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B :oo, »9:00
; •10:00. 11:0:). 11:3 ) a. x.; 1:O'J, »1:45, •'2:30.
•4:00, 5:30. 6:48. 11:00 P. x. ;
11:00 a m. does no 1 , run to San Hsfael; 6:30 and
11:00 p. x. do not run to Mill Va l«y.
Trains marked * run to San Uuentln. '■
•: THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a.' x. weekaara for Cn»;ad» m and way sta-
■ tions; 1:45 p. ■x. Saturdays Csssdero and
, way stations: 8:00 a. x. »-undars for Cazndero
] and «ay stations; 9:00 a. x. » and ays fur Pont
P.eyes and way stations ■ •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Train* connect with .North PaoiMa
Coast Railroad. ... > -
WEJtK IjaYb-i_>iiti& F., via Sansallto ferry,
9:. 5 a.m. . 1:45. s:it> p. x- ;
i-e»ve T*ve ti of Tanmlpals, - daily, except Sun-
day . ):-.». 4:20 P. X.
Kstra trips leaving Tavern.Monday. Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday. 7 a. x. . Mo "day, Wedn*s-
d»v »"«1 m ■Minl«j'\ o:'f Pv. - :■'-■ - ' -
SUNDAYS— Leave S. F. 8. 9, 10, 11 A. M.-. 1:15,
. :3Up. X.--YS . ■. -■■■-:-- ■-:.•.•■..■■■■■■ ■ ■•. ■
I .•j-vi- Tavern of. Tamalpals— l'), 11:10 a. ML;
12: 0 :M). 4-15. ■>:'■* i> v ... ' - „ -v
Tickts for sale in Mill Valley or THOS. COOK
* t>, 621 Market at., B. F. > »lact ito-
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CD..
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter 3treafc.
Telephone— Main 5181.
THIS DAY. /.
Tue5day. ...... ..................May 18, 1897.
' - At 11 o'clock a. if.,
We will sell at Private Kesidence,
1240 MCALLISTER ST., Cor. St9lner
On a count of Dep rture, ,
The Very Klegant and New Style Parlor, Bed-
room, Library ami Dirfing-ronm Furniture, Best
Body Brussels Carpels. - levant Cafe Mirror Front
Folding Bed (cost $110) unset Rat ge with
waterb»ck, > eddlne, Kitchen Furniture, eta
KDWARD 8. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers.
31 and S3 Gutter street.
CREDITORS' SALE.
STOCK OP H. C. SPAULDHG, Insolvent.
• AT ... '^.-:v
Salesrooms, Cor. 15th and Valencia st*., S. F..
SATURDAY. [
Saturday May 23, 1837.
At 10 o'clock a. M
By order of the a«R'g cc we will sell at auction
In separate lots i.'B4 Rigs if nil description-) con-
s'S'.tnc of Hacks, C upes. W-gontate-t. open and
'l op >mreys. i.oc-caways, t haetons. Open and Top
Bungles, Car s. Farm wagon?, Fruit Wagons, De-
l.very Wagons, Milk Wagons 150 Sets New and
c md-hnnd Har.ies», >-a tales, 10 < Ooz^i Whips,
300 Hobes. BlanKe.s, eic. : Safe, Desk, Office Fur-
niture, Leas', etc. ";., "' ' <*. • '
N. to.— sac positive; no reserve or limit what.
ever. We ca I the special i.ttrn.ion cf dealers
liverymen ' and anyone" wanting a r.R of an v
description whatever, as this will be » s auphter.
Open for inspection three days before » tie.
■ &CLLIVA.V * DOYLF..
Office— 337 Sixth si: ■ • Livestock Anctiiwie-rt
=
■^ RAILROAD TR AVEI.' __ —
NOl TIIIS-^ IV**?!* 1 COMPAHT.
. ' (I'ACIFIC .SYSTEM.) . /
Train* leave nuil iii-«* tine to arrive »l
ha Fit a N«:«.«i«;o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From May 16. 1397. — ARRrra
•«:»Oa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kaat.. 8:15p
7:00 a Kenida, Sacramento, Oroville and
Redding via DaTis ....'.... S:4sp
7:00 a Vacarille and Kumscy Bi4Br
7:30 a Martinez, Sannamon.Vallejo. Napa,
CaUstoga ami Santa Rosa 6:15r
8:»OA Nile.i, .Sun ,)oBc, Ktocktou, lone,
Sacramento, MaryiTille, Chico,
Tehunaar.l RstlJJMt «ilsi»
•»:36a Peters end Milton «7:1»P
9:UOa New Orleans i':xiirecs,Merced, Fresno,
Uakir?liel<l. Hti Barbara, l.os
AngfleH, Deinii'B, El l'aso, New
• Orleans and Kast 4:4»p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:15p
»rt»OA Vallfjo 18:13p
....... Nll«ai, San Jose, Liver more and
; .Stockton 7tlsp
•l:00p Sacramento Hirer Steamers *9:OOp
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Liverrjoore 8:43 a
|l:SOp Port Costa and Way Stations f?s4Br
4:OOr Martinez, Sun IJanion. Vallejo.
Napa, ('alixtogn, j l.i Verano and
SttnU I :• - 9:1S A
4>OOp Benicia, Vacwllc, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrille, «)ro-
Tillo aud Siicrameiito :... 9;40A
t:3<)i' Lathror, Stockton, Modesto, Mer- ... -
ced, K*ya.ond (for Yoseniite), and
Fresau, going via Niles, retaining
, YiiMiruna.... 12i15f
BiOOrLos Angeles Ex|ires.i, Tracy,
Fresno, Mcj»re (lor Ilandsburg),
Santa Barbara and I. or Angelus. 7i43a .
5:0«p Santa ¥0 Uonle, Atlantic Kxuresa
for Mojavu and Kaat 7:45 a
0:OOi- Kurupuan Mail, <)t,'<lui( and I'Mut 1>:45 A
C:<M>i- Ilayurti.lß, Nilt»iui.l San .lose 7:43 a
t8:«0i-Va!lej<> 1~:43p
tt:UOr Oregon i;x{>rtiHa,Sacruiiiento, Marys-
villo, RuiMißg, l'oitlund, I'ugi-t
' ' Bkiiiml ami l'.»«t 7i45a
SA> LtAM»KO AM) IIAVttAKUa LUCAL.
j_ (Foot of Market Street.)
t*O:OOA") /'7:lsa
8:00 a Holrosej Seminary Park, ff*K*
lOoSa Fltchbunr. Elmlmrst, WAst
i'1I:OOa San Leandro, South Saa 1 ? : 1? p
JI 2:V)?»p Leandro, EstndUlo, gjJS?
r.t:oof [• Lorenio, Cherry J Wi r
4:OOP . t5:45p
5:0»P » nd ' , «:1»P
»:SOr ' Ha) ward*. ' > . V£*
7:O0p ' ■■• - - S:43p
N:OOi- i Runs through to Niles. '-' ,« : 33 P
SA.MA (1(1/ I>lVl>l<»> (Narrow Uauge;.
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:45 a Bant» Cruz Eiciinion, Sant* Cruz
and Principal Way Stations {8:05p
H:l!iA Newiivk,l>iil.frvimt,.Sii.ii.li>se.Feltoii,
BoulilcrCruek.SautaCruzand Way
. Stations ,5«50p
•»:I»p Newark, CentcrTille, San Jose, New - .
Alniadoii, Fclton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MI:2OA
4:l!li>Saii Juno and Glenwood 8:50 a
t*:lsp Felton and Kantt C^nz |8:5Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FIUNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 1 0:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 t3:CO
•i:O3 15:00 *6:Cor.ii.
from 01KUBD— Foot of Broad waj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.ll.
U2:00 *l:00 t2:00 ' *3:00 U:00 •s:oorji.
COAST DIVISION (lliir.l & Tonrnsnnl Stw.) ~
•7:00 A Han Jose mid Way SUtious (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:S0p
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JB:Bsp
9:00 a flan .liiso, Trou I'inos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Orovo. l'.iso Rubles, San
Luis ()l)is|«i. (Juadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way HUtions 4:15r
: IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations ' 7:30 c
11:3Oa Palo Alto and AVay Stations 5:OOp
•a:3«p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
San Jose, Giiroy, Tix-s Pinos, San la
Our., Salinas, Monterey and Facilic
Grore MO:4Oa
•3:S«p Son Jose and Way Stations 9:45 a
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations •N:o3a
5:30p Sail .loac anil Principal Way Stations "8:45 a
0:! tOp San Jose and Way Stations 6:»3A
f11:45r San Jose and Way Stations t7:45p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excrpteil. t Sundays only. . t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
*[ Saturdays and Sundays. 8 Sundays and Mondays.
SAN FRANCISCO &MIH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. v
Tibaron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. -
WEEK DAYS-7~:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. it: 13:31,
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. K. Thursdays— Kxtn trip
at 11 :S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. v.
I BUNDAYS-S-.00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3.1
b:UO, 6:20 P. m.
■ San K:if ).-; to Sun FrancUco.
i WEEK DAYB-6:13, 7:50, 9:iJO, 11:10 a. v
S 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra crips
at 1:55 P. X. and 6:35 p. St.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. *.; 1:40, 3:\X
0:00, 6:25 P. m. . •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part sams
: schednle as above. ■ . , ,
Leave 1 T n .»«~. Arrive
San Francisco, j April 28. San FranclBca
;W*kk| Suk- L-. y?..-.. ■ Btrjf- 1 W«aK
■ Bays. I days, | "catination. DAYfc [ DxYg-
-7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 ax
8:30 pm 9:30 ah! Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 ax
6:10 pm; 5:00 PMiS 3 Rosa. 7:35 i'M 6:22 pv
7:3oam '. , Windsor, - '* 10:Maic
7:30 am Windsor, IOiSttAX
■ Healdsbarg, •
• 1 ytton, . . -
iV-: - - . ■ Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 PM 6:32 px
7:30 AMI I Hqpland & I . 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am] Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7T»oaml I Ti i ~~ : 10:26 am
8:00 am GuernerUle. 7:35 pm
B:Sopm . - 6:22 PX
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
• ••" ■ and
6:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8:00 AMI sebMtoriol 1 10:40 am j 10:2 ax
3:SOrM|5:UOrM| o 80 * 810001 - | 6:10 pmi 6:22 pm
£taites connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Holland for High-
land brings, Kelseyville. Soda Bay. x.alcpport
and Bartiett at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Bint Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake^
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. Joan Day's,
Riverside, Llerley's, Buclcnell's, Sanhedrin
Height*, Hullville, Boonevill* Orr's Hot Springs,
Hendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. .....
I Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red uo«l
rates.- ■ ■ ■> : "■ ' !"■' ■ ■ •'-■ ■ ' ■■
I On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. v 1 .>'■ .**
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronic!* tralMln*
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. BY AW, .
Pros, and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
the m UU.UiM 0 AM) m juaqlii
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAJY.
FROM A PHIL 15, 1897, passenger trains will
run daily:
bouthbuund. . Stations. ' - Korthboand,
7:20 a. x. ........ .Stockton. . '..'. 6:40 p. m.
9:49 a.m.... Merced. ...... ...3:14 p. m.
11: to a : v..v..'..'.'.'.~:. Fresno .......... 1:10 p. x.
- - For intermediate stations see tlma-tabla.
»jonn<?ct.i>us— At smoc.«.ioh witn steatu boats of
C. N. *I. Co leaving San Fmnclsco nod 8 ocktoa
at 1) p.m. dally: at Merced with stages frjm SosUi
ings, louierrllie, Yosemlte, Maripoia, rlc(||
LaoKerqhim vlk l!«i« to »ad from 4tt4tra». .J^
910
TILTON GETS HIS MONEY.
Judge Hebbard I>ecide« That the
New City Map I* All
Bight.
Judge Hebbard has decided that City
Surveyor Tilton is entitled to collect a
balance of $7000 due for the latest official
map of the Ciiy and County of San Fran
cisco.
When the map was completed some time
ago it was accepted by the Board of Super
visors and the bill was ordered paid, but
George W. Daywalt objected and brought
suit to enjoin City Treasury Widber, who
was aboiu to hnnd over the money.
At the first hearing of the case the court
said that there did not apnear to be any
thing irregular in the conduct of the Su
pervisors, but permission to amend the
complaiut was gramed. The matter came
up again yesterday and as the pleadings
did not appear sufficient to warrant any
lurther atteniion by the court an order
was made dismissing the action.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
J R Hinman <fe w, S Dak Mrs J H Evan*, Chicago
W D Caul <fc wf, 111 Mrs H Hite, Chicago
W J Maybee * wf, Ohio Mrs J Epps, Chicago
i) X cart well <£ wf, Ind Mis Polpii, 1 h cago
B KS'onecifer&w.CbigO S R Crow lev dt w. CblgO
»• F Litchtte'.d & w.chigo 3 11 Easan ft w, Chicago
Missß Boyd, Chicago J Martin, Chicago
W B Bryaiit .tw.Chx-aco P Barlowe. Chicago
Mrs W Huber. t Incaeo Al> Shink. I>t wf. 11l
Nrs Ktrkhart, Chicago D Q Burghi»rilt & w , f :, m
W L Her.dershoi.c hicago W C Hawley A wf, 111
S A Brownsmitli <fe w, O J Valkcnber <t >vf, 111
T M Kelley &w. Chicago A W Connors & wf. 111
A C C.'ft & wf, Chicago M O'Brine. Chicago
A Lindsay & wf, Chicago W F Maker A wf, Boston
J BoUivan ft wf. Chicago J X Me Loon <fewf .Boston
I> \V Richardson. Clinton JC White it wf. Button
Mrs Richardson, Clinton H Bradbury. Chicago
WHLevulett. Colnsa Mis H Bradbiir.v.ChicagO
3 M> CankT, Va!lpjo U R Tlpton & wf. 111
a F Davis." Berkeley W U Smiscx, tlmaso
H .1 Dawaon ft wf, 111 E J l>rews <fc wf, Chicago
J N (-orham.Fiii-minirton M L Jlorris, Santa Rosa
W J Hotcckiss. Healdsbg W Richards, S V
LC Uu dager, Toma;es H X llurli.utt.Fortuna
A Holiev, iortuna R M«>siier, Ferndale
G X Wells I hieneo W balmays. Chicago
A N Sinclair. Honolulu W G Kays it bro, Ky
C O Clarl:, R McAr.hur it w, Cal
J Atkinson. ->ant» Clara Mrs Husrnu-sen.San Jose
Him I a<mussen, B Jose F V Long, Cal
J T Duffy, Seatt c Q Griswoia, San Jose
1) l> corcoran.Benicia Mrs Toil. L s Angeles
>V Fuend, Oniario L Whkworih, Texas
A H Wltlard, Willows F W Fratt & w, Sacco
J M Wailing, Nev City J Harrison. Cdl
M Wiss, Cal 1> C Sweeney, >acto
W A Kulmert, Ohio X Reitler. Chicago
C V Webb, Phil J Gay, Sierra
Mrs Mcltaniel, Eureka Mrs Tlerney, Eureka
Mi*s s Tienuy, Kureka 11 Rice, Cal
O Bates, San Katael J Wilson, San Rafael
H Hunt <fe w, Boston Mrs Weighel, l'aradlS9
Mrs Mi-Hanie'. tureka Miss A Hartley, Eureka
J A O.veus, Uollister Miss N Cudjihy, I al
A H Detweiler <fe w, Kan CJ A Kauth, Indiana
H A smith. Imiiaua il Sp nctr i w. Neb
J L Bradford. New York G Grub ur it w, S Carolin
Miss Gruber. 8 Carolina W W Richards, S V
A J Osborn & w, Indiana A P Pierce, Chicago
(' Campbell >t w, Mo C Roslin & w, Illinois
<; Mitchell & w, jlicti J C OT.nen ifc w.Chicago
O E Rogers it w, Illinois F X Maybee & w, Ohio
Miss Maybee, Ohio Mrs Acterman, Ohio
Mr<li AcKerman, Ohio H Burgess & w, Chicago
1. M Hicker, I.liiiois Q \. McUintock, Ohio
F MtClerney. Chicago A J Deegan, Chicago
y W Hampion & w, Wis W X E:iiott & w, Ohio
J W Fairnian &w, lud EJ C annon &w, 111
Miss Cannon, Illinois F A Mitchell »fe w, Wis
A O Ashman <fe w, 111 J L Leonard. Wisconsin
T Maltby, Wlscousiu W F Bon.er «fe w, 111
J OH, Chicagol B W Murphy <fe w. 111
F J Harrigau <& wf.Conn Mi<s A Bftrtlett, Chicago
B O Brooks, Chicago M P Crosstti & wf, Illnois
C Crosem. lllinos G A Stack & wf, .Xe.vVk
Mrs Roland. Chicago Mrs Cote, Chicago
Mrs H F Kreuse, Chicago Mrs C W Bartlett, Jlich
J A Arnold »t wf Toledo 11 N Mmitb ft wf, Chicag
J CummiHgs, 1 hicago M Boyle, Chicago
T Maltby, Wisconsin C Leonaid, Wisconsin
< • W Flint <.t wf, \\ iscon T il Hiiev <t wf, Chicago
Mrs J Ci raig, Ft Wavne Mrs J A Berry. Ft Wayn 1
S R Talbot it wf.Chicago Miss Hay, Chicago
Miss Haiiein. < hicago Miss C R Asnton Chicag
JMr3GAshton Chicago S scuuy ft wt I.iwipool
F A Mitchell »fc wf, Wis Mrs J .McJUhon, 111
Mrs P 1. McMullen, 111 Mrs H B Wilier. Chicag
8A Lewis it wf, New Or. Miss Lewis, >ew<>rlenus
W S uarr <te wf. Indiana J M Cream it wf. Ind
W N Drake <fc wf. Boston E A Ila^gett & wf. Mass
W R Page & wf, Boston C A Patterson at w, Mass
J C White, Eouou J Ci Me 1. 0011 ft wi, R 1
U D Bu hana. & wt F!a G C FloyJ it son, Fla
J L Boken, 1-lond* A Holloy. ,ArK
J H Frazier <fe w, Florida G S fcoll, Stockton
P P Rhoaoen & w. Pa X Prichen & w, lowa
C A Patterson &w, i-a J X Nona it «r, lowa
W R Page tic w, Pittsbrg C S Griffith, Chicago
Miss L May, Cleveland Miss <- M Hagsard, 111
M;ss G Ashion, Cleveld A A Post, Denver
J l- sa.derson ft w, 111 A C Pest, Denver
CFR#xmger& w, Ind J M Wells & w.Kt Wayne
M Rtmcger, Ind J P Jones Martinez
J Me <her, Ind Mis a llnnsakcr, Cal
Mrs J D Brennan, Ind J I_> Payne, Selma
Mrs J L Punches, Ind C A Smith ife w, Mich
Mis? C Punches. Ind J T Dodse <k w, Mich
W i> Worst, lowa C F Camp & w. S C
J Naabobe J£ w, Mich J R Jauki js, Mo
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Metchler&d. Toledo Mrs John Tolby, Toledo |
Mrs Kclntyre, Toledo L B Kemsburg, Toledo
Mrs Wr.ght, loledo R Kirkby. Toledo
MrsLKKt-msburg, Toledo Mrs R Kirkly, '1 o^edo
• i McWflUama, loledo ilrsG Green, Toledo
J McMillan, Toledo Mrs'i Me Williams. Toledo
Mrs J McMi.lan. I o!edo W II iiork, loiedo
G F Lane, Chicago Miss F M I-ane, Chicago
Mrs Q F Lane, Chicago F Hale Chicago
C H Warren, Chicago C E Griggs, Atanta
r ."-.enatanc-, Atlanta Mrs IJo^ciin, Atlanta
Mrs Brickwater, Atlanta N Glendenning Toronto
Mrs F Hale, Chicago R Izurd, Chicago
J C Cochran. Atlanta J Neville, Ualvesion
Mrs X Izard, Chicago J Ham. Atlanta
Mrs Corland & son, Ohio F P Fell, N V
A C Kock. Yokohama H Binuocke, Hongkong
G W Howland. Chicago R H Dickman, T. las
X W Runyou, Red Bluff 0 Monroe, Los Angeles
J C Drake, Los Angeles Harwood M organ. -cattle
A Templpton, Texas Miss J Collins, Pittsburg
Miss E Aliison, Pittsbrg O W Miller, Pittsburg
Otto Pfister, Germany Mrs G W Miller, Pittsbrg
N C Goodwin, N V Miss U Elliott. i» V
Miss G Ellioit, N V V D Uleck, Salinas
Mi-s E Forbes. Boston E W Forbs. Boston
C D Babcock. PPC Co Mrs V D Black. .Salinas
C R Hopkins, Butte V s Jordan. Palo Alto
DrJBS Kc.ui, N V Mrs C R Hopkins, Butte
Miss Egan & m, N V Mrs G Hurl nut, N V
L H Blakeman, NY 1 Denny, N V
Miss A L Denny, N V Mrs Denny, X V
DrWE Rounds. NY H H Hi-.shaw. Blingnm
W H Wright, Savannah W T IMlard, Montgomry
Mrs W H Wright. Ga Mrs W T Dillard, Ala
C V Raiuey. Atlanta J W Harrison, ah
Ji F Meyer, El Paso Mrs C V Kainey, Atlanta
GA 1 ap'ey, R fc W party W E Porter, R &. W party
Misi t V Tapley, do Miss B Putuam, do
G V sioat, do Mrs J Chamberlain, do
MissGChamberlain.do MrsGA'lapey, do
J O Clepham, do Miss F. L Brown, do
MrsP\Vpnack. do W W Mason. do
Mrs \V E Porter, do Mrs J O Ciepham, do
GRAND HOTUu
J P Qtngley, Sacto V. H Reed, S Lnis dbispo
C E Batchelder, N H W 1 homes 4 w. Chicago
J Pull, Big Trees J B Maice, Pan Jose
G W Heard. Santa Cruz J Thomason, Bt Helena
C t Blair, Vallejo H R Farley. Gonziiles
y G McLean, Cal X W BorthwicK, Los An?
F P Gouid. Omaha Mrs G F Getty & eh. Cal
C Cleveland Aw, Mass H W Varnoy ft wf. Mass
Dr T Flint A w, >n Juan A W Wright. Chirago
J A Mclntyre. Sacto Mrs Holmes, San Jose
G H sonthard.Gdßaptds G J Carr, Orovlllo
LT> oates. Nevada City E C Smith, Cal
M Hlrsoh. San Jose M rs P Warrack, Denver
C M Hartley, VtCiVille Mrs Adams, san Jose
Miss Adams, San Jose .Mis* Is?n, San Jose
B Jocoway <fe w, Tcnn J Topley A. w, Vailejo
T D Hullin i wf. Term C V Atwood.Couiu il Bluff
C C Giove, Los Angeles C A Patterson <fe w, Mass
X C Earle, hi Paso 1, Kitzman <t f m.Winona
T8 Bpauldln& Woodlad S H Davis, Sacto
CETinkham. Chico W H West, Dunriiian
J Spiers. Middleion L (l Smith, nonzaleg
J A Murphy &w, Mass W T Folhn, San Jose
M H Chaffee, San Jo^ie G Lingo, t Irds Landing
J V Hill. Trenton Mrs W B fierber, sacto
Mr* B Lyon. sacto J E Coleman, Kentucky
J F Devendorf. ban Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A J Colforch, Chicago James Williams, Cal
W H Hudson <t w, Cal L C Bun.ard. Kansas
A S Padlock, Kansas C A Clark, Cal
Mrs R J Wicher, Cal John Martin, Cal
N G Mart:zle, Baltimore James Watson, Bait more '
A.OU Foriburg, USA W D Clausen, USA
J A King, Cal H Fanan Ccl
E O Holmes, U 8 A Paul Crolly, Mexico
C R Watson, Cal J D Porter <fe w, Chicago
Mrs David, Saito Tl.omas Carmichael Ind
W J Charliz, N V J simonton, Cal
isidney Calllger, Cal >iiss B ummer, Cal
M Eckel & w, >cattle Fr?d sbuitz. Seattle
,l,im« Abbot . Seattle Mrs M Davis, Cal
Fred Brown, Wash A M < rosby, w <fe d, Ohio
George Carrecke Merced C .m Deamnch, Merced
Kva Deamude, Merced Marie Deamude, Merc-d
Violet leamude, Merced Earl Deamude, Merced
John Deamnde, Merced
BALDWIN HOTFL.
R J R Aden, Vallejo G L Kirby, Mare Island
W H Miller, Uidah C Itaby, Fresno
T Pearson, waicland J O Arnold it wf, S Jose
E S ~tan:ey, San lose H O Haas, Stockton
A L Carlton. Milwaukee J X Whissen, l.os Ang
G H Cross. Austin R M Hchofield, Portland
E X Nelson <* wi, ChgO C A Handyside, Chicago
T W Ross, lioston J Mun, Boston
LG Gurnett <fe wf, Bostn H Peccard. Seattle
MrsC M Linwool, Stkm H Kendnck, los Ang
H H Morris, Berkeley 0 L Knobe, Lhicxgo
F Parlcer, sacto W Wrient. Sacto
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BPpg» HERBERT EUGENE BRUCE WILL
m^& meet the people and deliver bis opening
aodrosg, '-In Friendship, Love and Truth."
THURSDAY EVENING, May 20, at 8 o'clock.
Doors open at 7 o'clock, Washington Hall, Hi
Eddy st Tickets for sale at 1021 Va Marka: st,
room 17, top floor, from 9 a. m. to 6 i«. m.
IPS* family WANTS $3000 from old
ft**' gent on valuable property; in return per-
manent home. F. F., box 88, Call Office.
t^jS' TURKISH CABINET BATHS FOR
***& gentlemen and ladies. 120y a Geary at,
room 11. ; .
ft^S 3 BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
&-»' 244 to 3:ii/ 2 Sutter. Trunks dellevred, 26c.
fJr^jS' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 84:
O- 0 ' collections made: city or country. Pacific
toUectlon Co., 415 Aloatgy st., room 6; teL 6580.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
frr~S» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, ; ; m
•Jt^ B. A. M.,wiU meet THIS (I l' -«JV»
DAY) EVENING, May 18, at 7:30 o'clock". 7&ZC
stated meeting and M. M. degree. By or-/ \
der of the B. P. FRANKLIN H. DA\, Sec.
«p^S» GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. /0. ■ .
BFj^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting J^
(TUESDAY ) EVENING, May 1& at ""•'> U^^V
o clock. D. 1. GEOKGK j, HOBE. Secretary.
Bt^> ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144 F. j.
Bfe^ and A. M.— First decree IHlS «#\_
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
A. S. H A RD. Secretary. / V >
B^S» FKA.NCO-AJIIiRICAN osj»,
fif-^ Lodge No. '.'O7. C O. O. F. -■^SRp:
Officers »nd members arer-questeJ to -^s««^-
-meet at their hall THURSDAY EVE- "*"*" _
NING. May -0. at 8 o'clock, for nomination of Offi-
cers and other matters of importance.
L. L. KLMT, >. G.
R. Lavigke, Secretary. \
Rr^> TO THE OFFICERS AND M KM- <«* — <»
O^S? bersof Court Aurora No. 2, F. of £*t
A.— You are hereby notified to a: lend the jfr\
funeral of our late brother, J. POHL, from *_J
the undertaking par ors of H. C. Porter <t Co., i 22
Eddy St., THIS (TUESDAY) AFTERNOON at
' 2 o'clock. By order of A. MITCHELL, C. R.
Attest: Jas. J. Cobdy, F. S.
arrs* a. O. H. division no. 1— fe-=S?W>
w~& special meeting of the above di-
vision wilt be held at their headquarters JbvNM
1159 Mission St., THIS (TtK.-DAY)erRfIJ
J-.VJfNING, 8 o'clock sharp, to complete " «r^CS
arrangements lor our annual p.cnic, to take pla^e
at San Lorenzo Grove, AUmeila county, Sunday,
May 30. All committees will please submit their
reports. Fines for non-attendance.
. J. J. KEATING, President
D. kwkkkky, Rec. secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
WpS" DIVIDEND NOTICE.— DIVIDEND NO.
Ir~*' 43 (iweoty-live cents per share), of the
Hutchinson Miirar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of Ibe company, 32" Market
st, on and alter THURSDAY, May i.O. 1897.
Transfer-books will close Friday, May 14, 1897. at
3 o'clock P. M. E. H. SHELDON. Sec
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
-• J . .
ADIKS DESIRING FIRST-CLASS HELP
Xj of all nationalities will do well to call or send
their orders to MISS CUi-LKN, 323 butter st. ; tel.
Grant 120.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. MRS.
VJ LAMBERT, telephone main 6332, removed to
417 Powell st.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
X eral housework: city or country; best of refer-
ence. 7-Ji> Mission st -
\\[ OMAN, FROM THE EAST, WISHES TO
»'» do housework: city or country references, If
required. 111 1 /-! Minna st., room 24.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG LADY
as bookkeeper or saleslady; experienced. Ad-
dress S. L., box 86, Call office.
yOUXG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
X general housework. Please call or address 221
Eleventh st.
■yOUNW SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A PLACE
X to do general housework and assist with cook-
iug. Call at 924 Natoma su
WOMAN TO DO HOUSKCLKANING; $1 A
11 day and carfare. Address 8 Juniper st.
GOOD SEAMSTRESS WANTS POSITION AS
paid apprentice in a first-class ladies' tailoring
' shop: wanes not the object Address B. U., box
16, Call Office.
LADLES' NURSE WANTS ENGAGEMENTS;
Xj confinement or invalid; terms moderate. Ad-
dress Nurse. 168 Ninth si.
MUST-CLASS COOK AND HOUSEKEEPER,
also second girl, want place In tame house.
MRS. ML 'MUELL, box 92, Call Office.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
VJT second work and waiting; city reference. 3
McDermoit place, off Jones st, near Eddy.
WOMAN WISHES PLACE TO DO GENERAL
housework; city or country; wages $10 to
$12. 9.4 Washington st
MIDDLE-AGKD GOOD GERMAN AND WIFE
wish to take charge of cooking on ranch or in
boarding-boase at reasonable wages; no CLi.ur.-u.
Call at 130 Second su
"WOMAN WISHES POSITION IN COUNTRY
TT to do light housework; wages $12 a month.
136 Perry st. . . . .
GOOD WAITRESS WANTS WORK IN A
lunch or coffee parlor. Ad. X-, box 31, Call.
■yOUNG LADY DK3IKES A HOUSEKEEP-
X er's position in hotel, bachelor's or widower's
hous*; city or country. Room B, 207 Post st
I yOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST IN
I X light housework in lamily of 2; wages $8. Ad-
-1 dress Y. G., box 83, Call Office. •;, .
j .
STRONG YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PLACE
10 do general housework and cooking. Call at,
I 10 Zc* st, oft Bryant, bet Third and Fourth.
SMALL GIRL (15 YEARfc) WISHES SITLA-
O tion to miird baby and assist in light house-
work: no objection to sleep at home. 1 lease call
355 Jessie st.
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
v to do cooking and general housework. Call or
address 3366 a Twenty-second st, between Valen-
cia and Guerrero. 9B££i
yor.Mi GERMAN GIRL WOULD I IKE A
X position to do housework: can cook. Apply
1425 sanchez St., between Duncan ani Twenty-
eigath st.
M EAT, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES LIGHT
X' housework with elderly couple or coup c
without children: good home object; references.
Address box S, Call office.
WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION; IS A
go d cook; city or country; no postals. 312 VL>
Clementina st, in rear.
ITUATION WANTED . FOR GENERAL
housework by relabie girl in or near San Jose;
wages $iO. Call af.er 10 a. M. 138 a Fourth St., I
The Crown, room 37. •
C~~VOUK WISHES 1^ SITUATION; GOOD
COOK WISHES A SITUATION; GOOD
/ washer and ironer: city or country. 723 Na-
toma si., bet. i'-lghth and Ninth.
•yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKK POSITION IN
X bakery or as cashier in restaurant; references.
Address or ca.l 3"-0 Hayes st.
XPERIENCKD INFANTS' NURSE, WITH
Xli 5 years' superior city references; is good I
seamstress. Address 13t> Jessie si. |
"yOUNG WOMAN, DRESSMAKER OF SEV-
X eral years' experience, having no home, would
like position in private family or with dressmaker:
willing to assist otherwise. Address A. B. C., Call
Branch Office, 167 Ninth St.
WEDISH girl wants position to do
D general housework: wages $15. Call 1024
How ard st.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER, STRANGERS
In city, wish situations together; chamber or
kitchen work. Address X., box 11, Call office,
Oakland.
POSITION WANTED AS HOUSJ- KKr.PEK;
X can do sowing and work of any kind. 821 Mis-
sion s: , room 6.
-youNG woman wish a position as
X working housekeeper. 1316 Market, room 2,
pOMPETENT RELIABLE PROTESTANT
\J woman wishes to do general housework In city
or country. Please call 1018 Howard St.. top floor.
"yOUNG WIDOW DESIRKS POSITION AS
X housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's home:
city or couutry. Call between 11 and 6 o'clock
234 O'Farreil st. room 5. .;::.'• :.sr;"C : '.v
yoUSO PARISIAN LADY WOULD LIKE A
X housekeeper's position: bachelor's or widower's
home preterred; city or couutry. 1122 Market,
room 31.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES A PERMANENT
X place as housekeeper in a eentlemati'^ home;
no objection to country. • Call 207 Post, room B.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUAI lON TO
" J do housework or housekeeping: no objection to
city or country; wages $10 to $12; fare must be
paid. 504 Howard st '..-■■;
"youNG GIRL NTS A situation TO do
X housework and assist in cooking. I Call at 1338
Washington st., near Leavenworth.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS WORK BY
O the day washing, ironing or cleaning. Apply
637 Stevenson su
WANTED— YOUR ORDER FOR HELP: ALL
' 1 descriptions. Mrs. Druhm,2l7 Geary ;telClayB6
7 VAN NEss AYE.— WOMAN WANTS WORK
I by the day; llrst-class laundress.
"yOUXG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS POSI-
X tion for general houseworK for an old couple or
upstairs work in lat»e family. 331 Tehamast.
hi IDDLK-AGED GERMAN LADY WISHES
I'A position as housekeeper in country; American
family preferred, c. B. box 8, Call. , ... "."■""
WOMAN WAIsTS PLACE TO DO WASHING
TT or housework during the day. 33 N atom*.
rriHOROUGHLY RELIABLK AND COMPE-
X tent young lady of experience wants position In
Insurance office: versed in all branches of office
work and details of insurance business; furnish
typewriter if desired : wages to suit employer Ad-
dress Re.iable, box 80, Call Office.
yOUSG WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND LAUN-
X dress, wants a housekeeper's position: beit
references; good laundress and fond of children;
no objection to country. Call or ad. r. 9. 9 Powell.
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL DE-
x\. sires place as housekeeper in a ' widower's
home or country hotel. ; 12OVs Geary st- room 2.
■yOUNG FRENCH WIDOW. WISHES A SIT-
- X nation as housekeeper In bachelor's household.
Apply 12 Eddy st, room 15.
■y OUNG WIDOW DKSIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper 120 a Eddy st, room 7. . - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
PITPATIONS WANTED- Conttna**. .".j
V OUNG AND A I TRACTIVE GERMAN GIRL
X desires to secure a housekeeper's position in
hotel; widower's or bachelor's home preferred.
223 Post st., room 11. second floor. ' -
YOU.NU EASTEKN WIDOW OF EXPERI-
X ence wans a housekeeper's, place; widower's
or bachelor's home preferred. 102 Taylor at,
room 13. secoud floor. . :i "
pOMPKTENT YOUNG LADY (STRANGER)
Vj desires 10 secure typewriter's position. • Room
8, 9 Powell st , second floor.
-yOUNU WIJ.OW WISHER POSITION AS
X housekeeper in bachelor's or widower's home
preferred. Room 1, 10b Fourth st.
EASTERN WIDOW, LA TJS OF FIFTH ST.;
would like position of . housekeeper. . 862 Va
Mission St., room 8.
IW7 NIAITM ST.— BRANCH tUtIfUM OF
101 'turn Call; fcuoacripUua aud waiu aUa
taken.
■yOUNG LADY BOOKKEEPER AND STEN-
X osrapher wishes position; moderate salary.
Address 3100 Fulton. -
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES TO GO OUT
V b- the day or week to work; references if re-
quired, ' Call, for a week, 1507 Buchanan St.
A TTRACTIFE YOUNG WIDOW, KXPEHI-
J\- encfd and of good disposition: hotel, bachel-
or's or widower's home preferred. 122 Post, rm. 2.
"POSITION BY YOUNG LADY AS CASHIER
X or assistant in doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery: best of references. Address S. F.,
box 131. Call Office.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH " e>T, NEAtt MIS
sion; branch office of Th* Call. bub-
riptlons nod want nds taken.
/•I r LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UltJ CALL Subscription* and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED SIAI.E.
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
cmp. office, 614 Va California St., lei. main £31.
JAPANESE, CHINESE EMPLOYMT OFFICK:
waiters, bousecleaners. SO Geary; tel. Grant 56
CHIKJWIC »t JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YKAitS;
nelp;tel.maln 1987. BRADLEY .640 Clay
AM KEK— CHINE&E AND JAPANESE EM-
ini'iit office 511 V2 Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
CHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^ office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
"yOUNG MAN (18) WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
X tion, with a chance to rise. Address, stating
wages, B. JS'., box 61, Call.
T ANDSCAPE GARDENER, WITH HIGHEST
Xj references and large experience, wishes posi-
tion in private place. L. G., box 144, Call.
yOUXG AMERICAN (22): UNDERSTANDS
X handling horses: good driver: good milker, and
not afraid of any kind of work. W. M., box 97, Call.
GOOD GERMAN WISHES A PLACE AS
T dishwasher; $15 a month; a good hand. Call
130 second st. ."'_■.,.
yOUSG MAN WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X sturdier; cltyj or country: good references.
Address G. a, box ;-.5, Call. --.. I
T) RANCH OFFICE OFTHECALI, 167 NINTH
X> st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
STEADY. RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wan s worK of any kind; can drive and care
lor horses- S. S.. box 160, Call.
T\rANTKD— BY A - YOUNG MAN AND WIFE
11 position on a ranch; man handy with tools.
M., box 76, Call.
MAN AND WIFE, MEAT AND PASTRY
cooks, desire situations in city or country;
good references. Call 930i/2 Mission su
——— ————— —
POSITION BY YOUNG GERMAN PORTER
in building, store, hotel orjrlvate place; first-
class city references. 11. W. HOVER, 60 Third
tt., room 18.
HI C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1 •) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
THONO MARRIED MAN WISHES ANY
STRONG MARRIED MAN WISHES ANY
kind of work; city preferred; speaks Fiench
and German, S. M., box 142, Call Office.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND ANT ADS FOR THIS
Call taken at branca ouice, 33S Haye4 v.;
open until 9 :3l» o'clock.
COMPETENT HOUSE-PAINTER, WITH
\J tools, wants work with private parlies by the
da-.- or piecework: wl.l wonc cheap. Address
Paint, box 8, Cal Office.
/•I C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulw CALL: subscription* ami wane ad< taken.
I^ARMER AND WIFE (GERMANS) WANT,
a work in orchard or vineyard; have experience
and references. Address Farmer, box 60, Call.
*?'"Wft MISSION' — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
Z.O~\J want ads taken lor Tits Call. •
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at brancit office Hat) U*yt* at;
open until M :30 o'clock.
RELIABLE, PLEASANT AND REFINED
II gentleman (35 years) of superior education,
speaking En^lisn 1- reach, Spanish, Italian and
Bom < German, desires place as companion,' teach-
er, secretary or other responsible position in pri-
vate family; satisfied with smalt wages: highest
references. Address care of DR. AMMONT,
1106 Van Ness aye.
CO7 MONTGOMERY, COR, CLAY — OPEN
O&\ until S:3O o'clock; branch office ot Tux
all: tuttcrlptions and want ads taken. . ■
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'i Market: 200 rooms. lisc 10 81 50 per night:
II 60 10 $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and Carcase to and from the terry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
REFINED HOUSEWORK GIRL, ATHLONE.
$30; Bouldin Island, 810: Mill Valley, $25:
Sonoma County, $20: Eureka, $25: Oakland, $35:
Mayfield, |25; San Jose, $20; lalistosa, $25: Val.
lejo. $20: Marin County, $i 0; Los Banoi, 120;
sumaliio, $25: Cazadero, $-0 and other towns
$15; homework girls $-0 and $25; 10 young girls
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler sU
WAITRESS, MINING TOWN, $15, ROOM,
11 etc.; cook, resort hotel; lunch waitress: 3
waitresses, $5 week; 5 waitresses, $15 and room:
chambermaid, city. $15 and room: cook, city. $25:
waitress. $15, resort hot --1; lunch aud dinner
waitress; waitress city, I:'O and room; girl assist
wailing, $12 and room: lunch and dinner waitress,
$3 50 week: lady Ironer and Keamstres*, $25,
room, board, etc.; laundress, resort hotel, $20 and
$25, room, etc.; Ironess, $1 25 day; cook, mining
town, *2U and room. MARTIN CO., 749 Market.
COOK, SMALL BOARDING - HOU-E, $20:
cook. BukersHeld, $30. MISS CULLEN, izi
Sutter st.
GERMAN GIRL, $15. NO BAKING: SECOND
"JT girl, California st. ; girl for biker v, $4 a week;
girl, Pine St., $15: second girl, S10; girl. Green st.,
SI 5: nurseeirl, $15; German « ri, Steuart st., $15;
20 young girls, fB, $10 and $12 nee month, assist,
etc., nice families. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
HF.AD WAITRESS, $30 AND ROOM. . MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market ft
COOK, 5 IN FAMILY, $25, PINE ST. MAR-
TIN <fc CO., 749 Market sU
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, BUSH ST.,
VJ $20. MARTIN <k CO., 749 Market st
GIRL, CALIFORNIA ST., $20. MARTIN <fc
CO., 749 Market st.
GIRL, BTSINER ST., $20. MARTIN & CO.
749 Market st. .
GIRL, LKAVENWORTH ST., 420. MaRTIN
& CO., 749 Market st. ,
p ERMAX OR SWEDISH GIRL, FRUITVALE,
VJ Cal., $-0 MARTIN & CO., 7-19 Market St.
GIRL, SAN RAFAEL, CAL., S2O. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Marueist,
GIRLS FOR GILROY, WOODLAND, ALT A,
Mont., Berkeley, Alameda, San Rafael,
Vncaville and other towns. MARTIN CO.. 749
Market at.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, POST ST.,
V X $20. MARTIN iS CO., 74» Market at .
IRL. OAK ST., $20. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market
GIRL, VAN NESS AYE., $25. MARTIN &
C ).. 749 Market.
pHAMBERMAID COUNTRY HOTEL, $15,
v' room, etc., call early; chambermaid, city
$12, room, etc. MaRiIN <fe CO, 749 Market su
HEAD WAITKESS, CITY HOTEL, $30; 2
waitresses, same hotel, city, $16; waitress,
restaurant, $15 and room; chambermaid and'
wait, $20: waitress, near city. «20; waitress, coun-
try hotel. $25: cook and laundress, private iamily,
only 2, near c! tv, see party here, *20: cook, pri-
vate iamily, $25, «ec party here: cook, American
family, city, $.0. French nnrs'Klrl, fine place, $15-
-rounugirl, housework,^ $15; 6 girls, housework,
$20; 8 girls, hcuiework. 815; 6 young nrris to as-
sist,. $10 to $12; Germ <n cirl fur bakery, $12;
Scandinavian girl for Stockton, . $10: housegirls
for San Jose, see party here. $20; girl - bouse .vork.
1-niEiT ■!':•■ d, $25, see party here. C. It Han SEN
&CO., 110 Geary st. ■ ;v. . „ v ; '■-.: .;- , „ -., .
ANTED— PROTKSTANT NURSE, 1 CHILD,
$20; German second girl, 820; Scotch second
girl. $20: waitress, i2O and $25; laundress $25
25 German, Scandinavian and neat Irish girls for
general housework In city in German and Ameri-
can families, too numerous to advertise, wages $16
to $30: situations for every one. ' Apply to J. F.
CROBETT & CO., 316 Sutter it. ■
WANTKD-COOK. COUNTRY, 3 IN FAMILY,
1 • $30 ; French , or Spanish co ok, $35, also sec-
ond girl, (25, same home, for Central America,
fare paid; Protestant cook, wash and Ironer, #25;
Sonoma County, see lady In cily. ■><• Apply to J. F.
CROs fT & CO.. 316 Sutler st. ,  V
COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $30. EMPLOY.
ment Office, 417; Powell st. \ -a :
G" IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; TAKE
care of children ; wages 10. ■ 1808 Buchanan.
HKT/P WANTED- Cotittnfi--*. ' ,
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions from $15 to $30. MRS.
LAMBERT, moved to 417 Powell St., near Butter.
GIRL TO ASSIST, $16. SAN RAFAEL; GIRL,
VX housework,, city, > $16. - Employment ; Office,
417. Powell st. 1
p EKMAN GIRL. : BKCOND WORK, 1 CHILD,
VJ $20. Employment Office, 417 Powell sU
IRLS FOR HOUSKWORK, #20, CITY AND
country.' | Employment Office, 417 Powell st. .
ANTED-GERMAN COOK AND DOWN-
stairs. $25: fl>st-class dining-room cirl, city.
$25 to $30; waitress, hotel, $16. French second.
country, $16: eiris for housework, $20, $15 and
$10. : LEON ANDRE, 308 Stockton St. . . <
IF YOU WANT SITUATION GO TO MRS
SPENCER'S office. 1321 Park St., Alameda.
pIRLS! GIRLS REQUIRING POSIT
Vl, come and register 'ree at MISS HoKPKR'S
Fidelity Employment Bureau, 1054 Broadway,
Oakland.
. -■- - - - - ■ - ;
p IRLS LOOKING FOR POSITIONS WILL DO
VX well If they call on MRS. DRUHM, 217 Geary.
IRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Call 2215 Jones. •■■■ » :^
pERM AN OR SWEDISH GIRL: GENERAL
VI housework, cooking, assist with children; $15.
1421 Van Ness.
WANTED- GIRL 14 OR 16; ASSIST IN
»» light housework In country: one who wants
goo 1 home; wages $6. Address MRS. PANDER,
box2ll,Vallejo.
W ANTED— CRAYON ARTIST: STEADY
'» employment: call at once. Room 1, 20 Turk.
WANTED— YOUNG i IRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 2218 California.
"I y OMAN TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK
»™ and cooking, . small American family. 1223
Fulton st. J
■yoUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
X work, assist with cooking. 161 8 McAllister st
i [FRENCH CHRISTIAN UNION FREK EM-
ploy ment Bureau — A thorough good cook,
French or German; $20*. Apply 1520 Clay, from I
Ito2F. M. •..;■;._; 'J'.-'.f/ : ' r iiiii- t 'fi
IRL WANTED TO ASSIST REPAIRING
V J gentlemen's clothes. -14 Kearny St., upstairs.
p ENTLEMAN WANTS LADY PARTNER TO
VI establish a ladies' tailoring or dressmaking
pnklor: must be a dressmaker with small capital.
L. P., box 71. CalL
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL, FOR LIGHT HOU»K-
-XV work. 2tS 42 Howard.
p IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; NO WASH-
VI ing. 244y 2 Oak st.
HOME IN EXCHANGE FOR LIGHT HUDBE-
wont; Protestant woman. Call 1384 Valencia.
"CURST-CLAsS DRESSMAKER, FOR CLOAK
J? ana suit house. C. S., box 85, Call Office.
ANTED -GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE,
work. 1511 Post.
IRST-CLASS FINISHER ON CUSTOM
FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON CUSTOM
coats. 1044 Howard »L
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; MUST
VI understand cooking: wages $20; German pie-
ferred, 1718 O'Farrell st.
A PPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING; GOOD
xi. sewer. -1419 Ellis st. a-'vJ'^
"VOUNO GERMAN GIRL OR OLD LADY TO
X care fir children, and housework; (7. j 128
Lincoln aye.
GKRMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOU"*E-
VI work and plain cooking. Address' SW". cor.
Twenty-fourth and Diamon-i sts.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND BABY.
1022 Howard st.
"I7XPERIENCED TAILORED ON CUSTOM
S-j coats: good wages; steady work. 230 Seventh.
GIRL FOB,. GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
small German family. Apply at grocery, 901
Point Lobos aye.
JV>7 MONTGOMERY COtINER OK CLAY —
•'— I Open nntll 9:3U o clock; branch office or
toe Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken,
2 PANTS-FINISHERS AND APPRENTICE;
steady work. Apply early, 206 Minna fit.
IJEIFNED LADY TO MANAGE OFFICE
It business. Call 10 to 6 at 131 Post st., room 21.
ANTED — YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
nous -work. Call 24 Met calfe place.
I MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICK OF TH«
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
DUPiLS FOR PRACTICAL MILLINERY
X school; course thorough; pupils fitted for posi-
tions: easy payments; action guaranteed. '.
306 -.utter St. or 410 Leavenworth at. ;-.._ i
TUWiIORK ENERGETIC WOMEN WANTED
X! to work on salary or commission. 14 McAllis-
ter St., room 38.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACK ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; perfect-
fitting patterns, 26c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post su
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF IHJU
Call: want ads and subscriptions tauten.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVH.RSHIRTS
and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS <fc CO., 32Va
Fremont st. ■
T\rANTED-FIRST-CLASB CORSET WALKS-
" lady; one who can also do remodeling. Ap-
ply to-day, bet. 4 and 6 P. M., 623 Market, room 7.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
l»l Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
:()J rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 10 $ i
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
/•I t LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
'' 1 O CALL. Subscriptions and wnnt nd* taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
BOY ABOUT 18 YEARS OLD, $15 PER
month. MISSCULLEN, 823 Suiter st.
BUTLER, $45. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
s reet.
COACHMAN. $30: SEE PARTY HERE. MISS
/ CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. : ;" ;
A DISHWASHERS, $16 AND ROOM: SILVER-
*I man, $20 and room; pantryman. $20 and
room; 2cooks, f 8 a week; dishwasher, $3 a week:
young man to work around small hotel, $15, room.
Doard, etc. ; kitchen helper. $15, room, etc.; young
man for lunch counter, $15. room, etc.; waiter.
$16, room, etc.: waiter, $30 and room; waiter, ? 9
.i week: waiter, $20: vegetables an, $25; cook,
$15 and room, small place. MARTIN <& CO., 749
Market st.
"YOUNG -MAN FOR PRIVATE PLACE. $15,
X room, boar I, etc.; call early. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market su
Q COLORED WAITERS, $25, ROOM, ETC.
0 MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
"\TOUNG MAN FOR PORTER AND BAR-
X work; man fur private place, $15. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
OK TKAMHTK.RS FOR RAILROAD WORK,
jLO $20 and board, long job, reduced fare: 2 four-
mule teamsters, city, $1 75 a day; 4 two-mule
teamsters, SI 60 a day; 3 farmers for Fresno
County, $20; farmer, steady place, near city, $15;
6 scraper teamsters for a large canal, .•*•_• i and
board; 10 laborers, city, $1 60 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. :
HEAD WAITER, COUNTRY HOTEL. $36;
waiter, restaurant, city, $35. C. R. HANSEN
«t CO., 110 Geary st.
Q FIRST-CLASS WAITERS J OR EUROPEAN
• » plan, country: $35. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
JAPANESE COOK FOR A RANCH, $25;
O Japanese for kitchen-wo k. summer resort,
$20; Japanese cook for private family,' couuirv,
$30, see party here. C. R. nAN.sEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st.
pOLORED PORTER AND RUN TO TRAINS,
\J country hotel; $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
t\U.n MEN WANTED TO-DAY FOR DIFFER-
*J\J i «nt positions, from $80 to $15 per month
and found. Following art a few places w» I men-
tion: 4 carpenters, different ranches an. l vine- I
yards; fttabiemari, city, $30 and found: gardener,
private fatni.y, $25 and found, near city; tailor on
pants, see boss lmie; paper-nan. er, conn rv, $2 ■ 0
a day: barness-maker, country shop: blacksmith
who can shoe horses, $60 and found, city: black-
smith, country shop, $4) and found; cooper, lime
barrel-, 7c each: cheesemaker, country, $30 and
found: butter-maker and run a separator, $. 0
and found; dairyman, $30; 15 milkers, .$2O
and found: sheepherder, $20 and found:
20 men or boys to pick fruit, $15 and found, fare
$1: 36 farmers, orchard and vineyard | hands, $20
and founJ; 30 hat-makers, different places; 6'J
railroad men (north),- SV!3 and found, reduced
fares : 50 ; teamsters. 2 and ■4 ' hones, ' $20 and
found, to bui'd large canal: 60 laborers ami team
sters. cl y and country, $1 76 a day and $25 per
month; 10 more drillers. $1 73 a day. and 5 gran-
Ite-curu cutt»rs, same place; 10 laborers near
city, $1 60 a day, and many other plsces'-can be
hal to-day at MURRAY A READY';, 634 and
636 Clay st. .
P^RKE FARK, FREE FAftK-50 RAILROAD
J teamsters, 2 and 4 horses, $1 76 per day; free
fare: we ship to-lay. MURRAY « READY, 634
and 636 Clay at.
fi COOKS, DIFFERENT PLACES, $25 TO $65;
•in ran c»> cooks, $16 ana $20; 3 waiters, $25 and
$30; 3 dishwashers $15 and $20; washer for a
country laundry, $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 686 Clay st '■".,. ■ . ;-:
ft TEA US RS FOR VINEYARD, $26 AND
»J board;' s •• woodchoppers, 4-foot | i.ak, $1 a cord
and board: German farmer, $20; Scandinavian
farmer, $20; Canadian horseman, $20; ~ 2 farm-
bands, $20;, vineyard-hand,. *20: s*conC baker,
country, $yft B nd found; scraper teamsters, $1 60
a day. R. T. WAHD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
TWO MEN FOR v CITY AND TWO FOR
country work; permanent employment; must
be satisfied with $2 50 a day; requires *5 to start.
9 Geary, room 2. ■.-'•■,,
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANTED-STABLEMAN, $30 AND FOUND:
*" cabinet-maker and carver, *f,, 5 " a ■'?*'!„,
boys. 14 to 17 years of age: milkers, farmer,
fruit ranch, $20; shingle and shake bolt makers;
woodchoopers; blacksmith, $2 26 a day; Portu-
guese man about : place, «30 and found: pant*-
maker and hers. Apply to J. F. GRObJUi a;
CO., 628 Sacramento st. - '■■\i>;~ r ~ " ' - '-■•
WANTED-RANCH COOK, $20; SECOND
cook, restaurant, $45: neat waiter, country,
$15 and found; dishwashers and others. Apply
to J. 1. CROsKTT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANTED — SECOND COOK, HOTEL,
" French or German, $45: cook, private fam-
iiy, $-6: waiter. $25; second .waiter, boardinc:-
house, *20: 2 alshwasbers, $3 and *5 a weeK,
young man to help around resort, $16: potwasher.
$25; butler, $25; gardener and coachman, $2&;
French bark «ncr: bellboy, $15; Japanese cook,
$25; elderly couple, country, $20, etc. AiSDKJS S
308 Stockton st. :>- ...; ; ';-; - J.
WANTED— 3 MORIS MINER?, STEADY
job, $2 a day: 8 farmhands. $26 a month
with going harvest wages: 4 American farmers.
$1 a day and board; 6 quarrymen, city, $1 a day
ana board; 150 laborers for railroad, north, $23 a
month; man to milk 10 cows, make butter and do
chores, Sonoma County, $20 and found: 4 Swiss
milkers, $20 to $25; coachman, $20; butter and
cheese maker, Nevada County: porter tor saloon,
German, $25 and found; etc., etc. W. D. EVViiR
<fc CO., 626 Clay. ■?'::£? "*
ANTED-NEAT MAn ABOUT PRIVATE
place ai coach ma 1. references, . $20 - and
found; boy 10 drive mllkwapon, $10 to $12 and
found. W. D. EWER <fe CO.. 626 Clay st.
WAITER, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30. HOTEL
GAZt-TTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED — GOOD BARBER; MARRIED
man: call early. 2009 Polk St., upstairs.
"yOUNG MAN TO WORK AROUND HOTEL
X and wash dishes. Bay and Webster sts.
BOY. 14 OR 15 YEARS OLD, WHO IS WlLL-
ing to work and no in the hibit of loafing on
the streets and who rt s dcs with bis parents i i the
Mission. Address Pharmacy, Ma. ion C, San Fran-
cisco.
TAILORS— GENERAL TAILOR WANTED
for the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON <fc
CO., corner Second and Market.
p OOD BOOTBLACK WANTED AT UNION-
VI square Shaving Parlor, 204 O'Farrell st.
Tir ANTED— WAITER; $30 PER MONTH. 207
11 Second st .'■ ■'
\ j AN TO WASH WINDOWS AND CIEAN
-L'l house for board aDd lodging. 2831 Mission su
GOOD SIEADY WAITER. 17 WASHING-
ton si.
ANTED-PAINTER AND WHITEN ER.
112 ( ak st, 7:30 o'clock a. m.
"DARBER-SHOP; HALF INTEREST FOR
XJ site; centrally located; running 3 chairs
steady. 122 Third st.
TITANIKD- AN AMKRICAN MAN AND
m wife to take charge of a first-class hospital:
man must act as superintendent, understanding
care of sl?k, etc.; wife to act as matron; must have
best of references as to character, reliability and
patience; not necessary to be a physician; salary
$100 and found. Address, with lull particular*,
J. L. If., box 94, Call Office.
OCO/' MISSION »T.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-tl-U 'I tut call.; kubscnpuoiu and want ads
taken. -"*.■;
T7IIRST-CLABS WAITERS WANTED AT ALL
FIRST-CLASS WAITERS WANTED AT ALL
times, li Mason st., OSCAR HuCKs, Prop.
TNDUSTRIOUS PARTNER: SMALL CAPI-
X tal, to open good-paying business. 223 Fourth.
BARBER WANTED TO BUY GOOD-PaYING
shop in country Apply to C. WERNER,
1427 Octavia st-, uear Post.
"I £7 NINTH Hi. BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 0 I TUM CALL; subscriptiou aiiU wans ads.
taken. ' ' '■■ .- ' ' ..M.~..r-,-
T^XrERIENCED MINER FOR PHOSPECT- I
Hi ing; young man wishes to go In partners with '
must be ready to start this week. M. M., box 16,
Call Office. . . .
; — :
QQQ HAVES c>T.— BRANCH OFFICIS OF
OOV TMic Calx.; tubacrlpUoiu ana waus ads
' taken.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF PACIFIC
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF PACIFIC
Coast Free Employment Office, 8. FUCHS,
Secretary, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' INTE R N A-
tioual Union of America Free Employment
Bureau, 34 Fourth st. 1. LKSS, Secretary.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Xhk Call, bubHcriptions and
want ads taken.
GOOD 3-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; FINK LO- !
cation: good business; sell half Interest or all. !
Inquire Call office.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS j Jfoß-
Thk Cam, are taken at Branch Office, nliUf i
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts, .
ROSEDALE, 821 ELLIS. NR. TAYLOR— IOO
It single furnished rcoms: 25c a night: $1 week.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
.made to order, $2 50; cheapest place in city
for repairing and second-band shoes. 959 Howard.
I T ADTKS' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
lJ fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission su
l )f\(\i\ fair, ANOTHER LOT MKN'S SHOES,
*£UUU been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, irom 76c up. 10 $2 60. 662
Mission st., bet. First and second. ,'. . t ' :
TV 7 " ANTE D— MEN TO . LEARN BARBER
'» trade: shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138V2 Eighth,
LCHOHOU.-.K 863V4 MARKKTST.-f.uuJU
20c, '*'be to 60c nicriL ; $1 to %2 weeic -; : t > ; , r
C f)7 jMONTGOMJCkV ST., BRANCH OFFICE
t)_ I tiimuu. . wane ads ana MuascrtpUoai
taken.
INGLE ROOMS 100 AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. LlndeU House. Sixth and Howad.
"pOOMS, 150 TO 750 PER NIGHT; 600 TOsl 50
I\> per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
BE:-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per wee*.
I arinc House. Commercial and I.eidesrtorlf sis.
inn MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 140
XUU and 200 a nlgnu Including cufltMl aiiu ma
1 24 Washington St.. near Kearny. •
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANIC!!
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third nU; 15 J
large rooms; 260 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ANTED-SINULfc. KOOM*. 16c A DA V; *i
week: rooms for 2, 25c ?.*.?. $1 60 • wee*;
readlnic-room: dally papers. t6 Clay »L .
SIMON WANTS 100 MUN To uKT BOT-
EfcIMUW WANTS 100 Mi-.N TO i.ET BOT-
. lie beer or wine 6c: best fre» lunch. «43(Jlaf.
11/ ANTED. TOCOLLECTWAGEs DUE LABOR-
™ ers<4clerks KN OX Collection Akct, HOSutter.
rjUtV ACMK HOUSK. Ml MARKET 01.. Bli-
X low Sixth, for a room: *&<■ » night: $1 a weelw.
WINCHE3TKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR,
MarKot: 200 rooms, 250 a ntghc; reading-
room: iree hiM and ba?raare to and lrom tn« ferrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
i A GENTS — "NANSEN IN THE FROZEN
Y; WorM ' can be sold easier than any other book
now in the market; choice of exclusive lie d to
first applicants. F. Person, manager; subscrip-
tion depu. The ■ Whltaker & Ruy Company, . 723
Market St. '.
lIOOM, WANTED.
WANTED— A ROOM FOR MAN AND WIFE;
large, sunny: . ioldinz-bed, | lounge, I gas, bath,
ruuning water; second story; rent $8; near How-
ard or Foisom, bet. Fourth and Sixth. Address M.
W., box 77, CalL
i> OR 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
Ai keeping rooms; north of Market st; man ard
wife: no children: state rent. L. V., box 127, Call.
WAM'KD-MISt'KLLANEOI^.
WANTED— OLD GOLD; HIGHES i PRICES.
O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St., beu
Powell and Mason. ■
SELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Kills st.
IJUILDINGB BOtliHl; LUMBr.K. XASiiii^
X> doon. mantMs. ttel for «itit> ll«-< MlsMm v.. ;
.LOST. .
STRAYED OR. STOLEN- WHITE AND
tan Chihuahua dog; answers to name of
ike. Return to 2840 Jack«j»n at. and ceive re-
ward. -■-;:. t:-/i-. ■:;.■.-■ ;\V: '■■ /./ ; .- ". ■■ .- ,"•. - ,r.v-
LOST SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING, ON
Dolores St., ' bet. 1 wenty-ei«h h : and * Twenty.
ninth. Finder will receive a liberal reward by
returning same to Twenty-ninth street Pharmacy,
cor. of Twenty-ninth and Dolores sts. . , -■
MALTESE CAT. WITH COLLAR. RETURN
1638 Sacramento, near Polk st.; .$0 reward.
I OST— PURS ft CONTAINING A NUMBER OF
■i (told pieces and receipt of a water company.
Finder wl.l be liberally, rewarded by ie:urniug to
HA m FOLTZ, Call Office, 710 Market su . ? .
rriH X UNDERSIGN ED HAS LOST HIS CHE' X
X made out to his own on the Nevada Bank
made out to his own o der on the Nevnda Bank
of San Fran cl-co for the sum of $2000: said check
w»h certified July 2-', 18S6,under Na 1528: all per-
i sons are Hereby .. warned ■■ against - negotiating the
same, as payment thereof i.a. been stopped. v 8. C.
HEINEMA ■, Tempe, Arizona. - . r : .
:=' FOUND.
Ij>OX TERRIER; OWNER CAN H \VE SAME
.by payinat expanses and proving ownership.
1711 .a Turk st. ; ;.. ; v '^- ,
:-[ BUSINESS CHANCES. ■" . : ,
■Qi. 1 £ Fin BUTCHER-SHOP IN BEST LO-
<lbl OOU. cation for business: elegant fixtures;
2 horses and wagons: best kind of patronage:
felling 4 beeves and 40 to 50 sheep weekly; owner
has to go East. Inquire WILKK, 783 Market su
ffl>f:nA FHENCH LIQUOR-STORE IN MIS-
<Ip»)UU. sion; 2 living-rooms: rent $18; doing
good business. WILKE, 783 Market st. -
NE OF THE OLD; STAND BEST-PAYING
ccffee saloons, with bakery an 1 confectionery;
all store trade: choicest location in the city: will
be sold at half its value on account of ' sickness.
Particulars of WILKE, 783 Market St.
(\C\C\ ELEGANT SALOON: BKST LO-
tlnXUUv. cation: in center of business quarter;
fine stock of liquor: large day trade: disagree-
ment of partner* cause of sa.e. WILKE, 783
Market st. . .
<ttl (}f\il BoAItDINO-HOUSE AND SA-
\J\J\J. loon, with billiards; including build-
ing; near the Mall does; place well wor:h $200J;
owner sick in hospital and must sacrifice. Ap- :
ply WIi.KE, 783 Mar*et st.
fflil OHO OLD ESTABLISHED FRUIT AND
«4pJ-V/UU. vegetable store, near Market st..
with large patronage: 2 horses, 2 wagons; owner
has other business and must sacrifice. Apply
WILKE, 783 Market St.
3J>lor/\ HALF INTEREST IN A GOOD-
«J)IZ.«Jv/. paying wood and coal, hay and grain
business; large patronage; free rent: lease; old
age compels owner to sell. WILKK. 783 Market su
4L* QflH BEST-PAYING SALOON IN BUTCH-
»poU''. ertown, near slaughter-h«iu«es; estab-
lished for years: having a good steady trnde:
owner must leave to settle estate. Appiy WILKE,
783 Market st.
mrrn DAIRY AND PRODUCE, DELICACY
tIpOIJU. and fancy grocery: city of 15,000 in-
habitants; close to San Francisco: money-making
I lace: owner sacrifices to attend 10 large estate.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
CL'QKn GOOD PAYING SALOON ON EAST
•ITOc)U. St., opposite the Oakland ferry; » bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 MarKet st.
Qfdf\f\ BAKERY IN FINE LOCATION
tJpDUtf. north of Market su. near Keainy:
bakes one barrel flour per day; all cash store
trade; living-rooms: run by present owner 13
years. M. LESS, 5 Four.h st. .
<£. 07" RESTAURANT WITH 5 FUR-
<JpO I O. nish^d living-rooms; In present owner's
bands over 6 years: doing an Al business: reg-
ular boarders; also transient trade; cheap rent; :
' actual bargain. M. LESS, 5 Fourth su
CJiKfl BRANCH BAKERY AND DEL-
tlplUv/. Icacy store In the Mission: 4 living-
rooms; rent low; good, steady trade: full value
in stock; good fixture* M. LE>B, 5 Fourth st.
m. /- rc\ CORN Kit SALOON IN BUSY NEIGH-
«]pD«JU. borbood: old established corner; w>*;i
furnished: rent moJerete; good business for the
right man. M. LitSS. 6 Fonrth st.
fITjQ/W\ SALOON NEAR THEMAZK; KLE-
i£)U\j\J. gantlv fitted up: well established: do-
ing an Al business: raw reasonable: disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale. M. LESS, 5 Fourth.
©Q7?; UKANCH BAKERY IN BUSY
•> I O. locality north of Market: near schools;
3 nice living-rooms; rent low: well stocked ; v,
genuine bargain. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
ffljQnri BAKEKY IN ONE OF LIVELIEST
ts)O\J\J. towns for its size In Ihe State; hakes
one and a half barrels of flour p*r day; good horse
and wagon; ail firm-class; i as n trade. M. LESS,
5 Fourth st. -:-, ■-.<
el (\(\t\ HOTEL AND BAR ix LIVELY
<IP-LV/UU. town across the bay, 10 miles from
this city. 30 furnished rooms besides large dining-
room, sitting and rooms; rent on y $60 per
month; present owner in same place 7 years; has
20 regular boarders; is clearing now;from $125 'o
$150 per montu above all expenses: bis bar busi-
ness; owner engaged in another line of business
and cannot attend to both. M. LESS, 6 Fourth su
ffijr»CA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
tJpUUU. the Western Addition; practically no-
opposition: tine fixtures; well stocked; old esUb.
llshed corner: has a big trade; worth over $1000
M. LESS, 5 Fourth sU
T^RUIT AND VKOETaBLE STORE ONLY $50:
X use of horse and wagou. DECKER, 1020 Market
DAIRY PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE;
XJ fine location. DECKER, 1020 Market st
STATION ERY, PERIODICALS, CIGAR.
bakery, laundry office and Call branch office:
sell at a low figure on or before Saturday. H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market St.
/ 1 REAT SNAP: CORNER SALOON, WATER
VT front: fine business: must sell at once: cause
of sale, other business. BA^ILE, 87i< V» Market.
/I RFAT BARGAIN IN DINING-ROOM; BhST
vJ location: north Mar.. et: finely fitted up; no
rent: clears $50 to $75 month; must sell; offer
wanted. BARRETT <& BASILE, 873% Market.
CjOP.f\ SALOON, NORTH OF MARKET;
tJpZiiJl/. must oe sold at once on account of de- '•
parture: cheap rent. BASILE <£ C 0. ,8731/2 Market.
©1 CA PARTNER .WANTED; LIGHT
«3? -»""'• caih business: guaranteed to clear at
least $18 per week each, which will be proven by !
trial on salary before you buy: experience not
necessary; business is easily learned; good man
wanted more than many. Bus.ness Exchange,
777 Market st.
'|j|j CORNER GROCERY, BAR AND
°J\J\r. two rooms; good stock and fixtures:
must sell at once on account of departure; large
trade. Business Exchange, 777 Market su
q«qi:n BRANCH bakery, candy, gro-
tip QO\J. ceries, etc.; beautiful city acros the
bay; 3 rooms yard and chtccen-house: stable;
furniture of rooms Included in sale. HEALY,
917 Market.
PARTY HAVING $2000 CAN INVEST IT IN
X a permanently paying business that will net
$200 a month; full lnves:lKallon solicited: princi-
pals only. Address R. U., box 62, Call Office.
p ENTLEMAN OF ARTISTIC TAME AND
VI business capacity to join advertiser la an
affair of business which may be made fairly re-
munerative. T. REICHARD, 26 Post st.
FOX SALE CHEAP— A VARIETY-STORE
and large paper route in country town, near
San Francisco; good business for right party. Ad-
dress T. 1... box 43, ii ay wards.
<D» Hf\f\ RESTAURANT: SACRIFICE ON
Hpiix/xJ. account of other business; clearing
$200 per month; trial given; must be acid to-day.
827 Mission. - • , * ;
KA RE CHANCE TO BUY A WAThR-FRONT
saloon a a sacrifice; disagreement of partner-
ship cause of sale Call at 90 Shipley st., cor. 4r.h.
YOUNG MAN WITH CAPITAL OF $3000
X to $4000 would like 10 go in o nice business;
country (.referred. G. M., box 98. Call Office.
MEAT MARKET AND PRODUCE-STORE
f>rsale: small capital required: full investi-
gation. C F. J., Call i ffice, Alameda.
PAYING SALOON. WITH SIDE KNTRANCE;
X very cheap: best part of town. Inquire LEMLK,
LEVY <fe CO., 265 'I hird st.
PARTNER— LADY WITH $1000 WANTED
X as silent partner In an established business.
Address L. L., box 100.
OR SALE— SHOEMAKER SHOP; CHKAP-
. account ill health. Address L. SCHLESSEL-
MANN, Watson vllie, Cal.
PARTNER WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI-
X tal in estab'isbed tailoring business. ■ P. is., box
17, Call Office. ->-^ w
SIIMABLK YOUNG LADY WANTS GEN-
XJ tlemuii partner. K. 18, iO2 Taylor s;., yd floor
©KOn CIGAR-STORK; NW. COR. CALl-
%ip\)\J\r. fornia and Kearny sts. Apply at store.
/ 'ROCKRY AND BAR; NO OPPOSITION- 4
VJ living-rooms; cheap. Inquire at Call office.
VOUNII LADY DESIRES GENTLKMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 2, 207 Post st.
fl%l - BARBKR-CHAIRs, FIXTURES, IF
<Jpl»y. sold to-day; must be moved. Inquire Call.
©Qn BAKERY AND DKLICAC.ES AT A
«IPC/v/. bargain. 1037 Folsom st.
CIGAR STORK FOB SALE CHEAP. CALL
at 145 Third st. . . : '
HAY. GRAIN, COAL AND WOOD BUSINESS
to be sold at a sacrifice: Includes horses, cow,
wagons, • etc.; business first class; will stand
fullest investigation; sickness in family. WIN- i
STON & THOMAS, 646 Market st.
<JU9nn FINKSALOO.V; GOOD STOCK; GOOD
~.\J\'. business place; investigate. 805
Howard st.
ALOON; CHEAP; MUST SELL; LIVING-
O rooms; rent 125. NX. cor. Clara and Fifth. •
<2»1 f\(\ PRODUCE, DELICACIES, BAKERY
tjplUU. and confectionery: Twenty-fifth, ana
Shot well sts.; 4 sunny living-rooms and bath;
rent $14: a bargain. . : ; . r ■* '■■•.■■ ■■■■•
/^LD-ESTABLISHED CIGAR AND NOTION
OLD-ESTABLISHED CIGAR AND NOTION
store: >.ood place for man and wife; cheap
rent; good location. E. 1... bix 98, Call Office. . -
IV OB SALE— ESTABLISHED JEWELRY
huslnes< in city of 5000. a bargain for cash.
Box 176, Pel» ami, ( 'a... for particulars. : • . :,*
GOOD-PAYI.NG : B'JSIN Ks-S; BAKERY. NO-
Ur tloos . and furnishing goods. . Audress B. P.,
box 98. Call Office. ■ ».
I,'OR KALE— CANDY, CIGAR AND STA-
" tionery ore; account sickness. 1 1314 Howard.'
OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED IN THE
\J saloon business; first-class sa oon, fine stock
I and fixtures; an established trade; must sell;
present owner has other business to attend. 631
California st. '.
flfc/IXn CHICKEN RA CH; 400 CHICKENS,
<lT^r i -'"« horse, wagon, cow., etc. - Inquire J. H.
BAPTIST, 319 Kearny st. ' r
GtOD PAYING RESTAURANT. OPPOSITE
depo-, for sale very cheap if taken this month-
owner must leave for the old country. 202 Town-
send st., cor. Third. ' V ; -. ; .;.--!
you SALE -FAMILY RESTAURANT:
X large uining-room; French range: 2 suites of
rooms; b»tn, etc Apply W. £. CH/Fir, 17 sixth.
BUSINESS {CHANCES— Continued. I
iohlest^cash prices paid for F ' R I- \
ture restaurant, salon fixtures and grocer/ '
stocks. HTrJNBKRG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
Ul-OOR SALOON IN A GOOD LOCATION;
S[)ZJ.O. low rent; doing a profitab c business;
see to-day. STbNBEKG .fe CO., 632 Market su
a>nei{\ Corner saloon nkar mar-
tlDDOv'. ketst: large stock: fine fixtures: big
nl-ht trade: pr.vate rooms; bm-Kaiu for 2 young
men ; Investigate. STEN BKU G & CO.. 632 Market.
On A BUTCHER-SHOP; BEST LOCATION
tjhOUU. in cty. has -2 hoises, wagon, bug y
and cart; fine fixtures, cash roister, safe, etc. ; do-
inc bie business: owner here 18 years and wishes
toretire, aTENBEHG &■ v- 632 Market st.
dfcKnn HA LOON: OLD ESTABLISHED;
imyUU. best location in city: fnrntiurc of 4
rooms and kitchen Included: fine yard; owner hero
8 years and must go to the country, Hl.-.MJEUO
& CO., 632 MarkU st. , - .- -.-
ffl> lAA DELICACY AND DAIRY PRODUCKj
ttb'lUU. central location: low. rent: fine place
for man and wife; clears $100 a month: va,ueia
sight. I'KN BE KG & CO., 6^2 Marke: St.
,nrA RESTAURANT; GOOD LOC^l
flboOU. fine fixtures: low ren.; doing good
bus.ness: trial given. ST.fc.JSBc.KG i Cu., 632
MarKet su &'*C* ■*?--;
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTKD BY
VT young lady; country business. R. 9, 9 Powell,
VOUXO LADY DESIRES A GENTLEMAN
I partner. 9 Powell s-, room 8, second floor.
AKERY OUTFIT FOR SALE CHEAP. AND
l-> store to let 712 Valencia st.
PESTAUKANT FOR SALK i-OKPARTiCU-
XVIars Inquire at 432 Geary St.
I.IOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OV
X this paper. For particulars inquire Call Office.
OLD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS: WELL
fitted up: dancing academy and lodgprooms:
cheap rent and in good running order. 121 New
Montgomery st, » ">-;• •:■
PORTLAND AGENCY 1 HIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third St., Portland,
Oregon.
SALOON FOR SAIE CHEAP. APPLY BE-
fore 12 if. Railroad Brewery. 4 - i7-i'z9 Valen-
tlasu
LOR SALE CHEAP; ESTALISHED GOOD-
X paying collection business; stands la vesti^a ion.
G. P., box 2, Ca;l.
ALOON FOR SALE: NEAR CITY FRONT.
SALOON FOR SALE: NEAR CITY FRONT
Inquire WICiiMAN & LUTJEN, 218 aud 220
Cay st.
■yOUNG EASTERN WIDOW DESIRES GEN-
X tleman par.ner. Room 8, 207 Post sU
1 BLACK WALNUT COUN'JER AND BAR
1 fixtures for sale cheap. 331 Sixth su
HEAP: '$300; GOOD CORNER GROCERY
\J and bar. 331 Sixth st.
ni C LAKKIN— BKANCH OFFICE OF THE
i DIO CALL. Subscription* and want ads taken.
— —^ — — — — — — — —
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
f*n-HOOii. HOUSE, CORNER..... $3000
D^ 14-room house on ddy st 3.i0
23-room house, $300 cash, ba 1 . pavme.its 500
18-room house, only $200 cash, bal. paymts. 600
SttJ-room house on Market st 850
14-room house on Mutter St.: very good 450
4 6- room house on Market St.; only 1300
23-room house: clearing SICO 1400
21- room house, near the Emporium 900
li-room house. corn»r: line for doctor li'OO
16- room house on i-ifth st, only 450
Other bargains. DECKER. 1030 Market sU
011.7 c/, HOUSE Of 26 ROOMS; BEaT LOCA-
tip I O\J. lion on Mark st.; a rsre bargain;
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKK. 783 Markeu
"1 /• ROOMS: RENT «70: NEW CORNER; $900.
XO 21 rooms; money-maker; $1200.
23 rooms; $300 cash; installments $20: $550.
19 rooms; corner l.eavenworth; 5600.
WINSTON it THOMAS, 648 Market St.
/•r-ROOM HOU-E: CLEARS $225 $4000
DO 124-room house; clears $10'J 3000
11-room houss: good local lo.n 550
Lodging-houses bought and sod; money loaned
on chattel mortgages. W. A. DaWES & CO., 632
Market st.
1 (\ ROOMS: NEW; ELEGANT FURNITURE:
iv 5 months in use: 1 set furniture in house cost
more than price es-.eii. 203 Taylor.
HOU*E OF 18 ROOMS, WELL FURNISHED.
8 Clay st
GOOD 45-ROOM HOUSE FOR SALE OR EX-
VJT change for real estate; departure. 115 Second.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TRUSTEES SALE— THE ENTIRE LINE OF
J- furniture, carpels and household goods of H.
Scheilbaas'- store, Oakland, muit- be sold. Sale
8 arts Monday, May 17,. by order of cHARLi.a
| WOLLPEKT.
Ij>Oß SALE-FINE IMPORTED FURNITURE;
X suitable for married couple. 8 Hyde st.
1. URNITURE 4 ROOMS FOR SALE CHEAP;
I X owner going East. Call 1435 Pacific aye.
OAVK MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
kJ Buckingham Fur. CO., 866 Mission; advances.
Houskhold Ranges AUK the best
JOHN K. MEYKRS CO.. 947 Market St.
' — — — -^^—— — 1
FURNITURE WANTED
"I/CRMTURE, STOVES CAKPKTS, COUN-
X ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, HUSK,
eta STREET* CRESWELL. Anctloneprs.7 21
Howard streees. Houses bouzht in i helreiitiretr.
CARPET .CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKK
new. 23 Tenth; lei. South HtS. Mackintosh A Co.
pARPETs CLEANED. RENOVATED LJKiS
\J new. J. McQUKK.N.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. t>.2J>4.
ADVANCE CARPKT-CLKANJNG CO., 402
A setter; tel. Main 394. GKO. WALCOM, prop.
pITY STEAM CARPET-CLKANINO WORKS;
VJ cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr., 88 and 40 Kighth St.; telephone South 250.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleantug renovig. alter-
O . atlun works. 413 McAllister, lei. J.ssie Bit!
pARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc: KUO
VJ samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Siratton. 38th 3;.
WHEN YOU BECOME Dl-GUSl'Ei' Wild
poor work send toSfAULDINU'S PloneerC»f-
pet-beating Works. 853-57 Tehama St.; teL tyi. 41.
JE. MITCHKLL. CAKFKT-CLKAMN<* CO.
. 240 14th su : 1 leanin ■ 3c a yard. TeL Mis. 71.
pONKLIN'S CARPKi'- BEATING WORK*.
\J H'S6 Golden Gate aye. telephone Kasl 1-4
EDUCATION At.-
A NDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
J\. Mathematics: pupils prepared lv day an.l
evening classes nnd by private lessons for Call or-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers,' marina
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot, bids.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
-tx Elocution. 1215 Octav la st., ."an Francisco.
MIKS KLIZA MACKINTOSH, mull Of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of . Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. X, Saturd»tr a. m.
H BALD'S BUSINESS «_OLLKU£; 24 POST—
Bookkeeping; business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
tlec-.rical engineering: 'M teachers: 15,000 grtkia-
ties; day and evening mrsslons: catalogua.
AY RES' BUSINESS COLLEGE. 325 MOST-
gomery si.; individual Instruction in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. lit*
scholarship *50: low rates per weeK and month.
Telephone black 2795.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING_
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. B. 5 and 12. J.0.0.F. block. 7tn and Mkt.
T7NGINEICRING SCHOOL; MECH., ELEC.I
XjclvU. mining, «nrvey, assay, art-hit., X rar
taneht; e5.1864. A. VAN DKR NAILLKN.9S3 MkS
INGING, VOICK CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
uate; French. Ger. lang.; $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
TIOOKKPNO, WKITNG. ARITHMTU, GRaMR.
day Anight: nodassei: $5 montn. t)46 Mission.
p VIT Ait. MANX»OLIN. PiANo AM) VU 4 »
VX Itasont. $3 mo. Mary Westhaut. 39 Fifth.
RANCH OFFICE OF CALL. 167 NINTH
su: want ad-t and subscriptions taken.'
1 ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. .
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCK LAWsTsPKc
JA. Ulty: private: no fee without success: probate
Insolvency, collections, patents, trademarks etc
obtained: private detectives: estab lshed 10 ye»ri
G. W.UOWK, atty atlaw,BsO Marnet, cor. biocktn
RW. KINU, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON
. lcle bnilding: advice free: low:a^s: all case*
STORAGE.
AT LOW KATKS-*URNITURE^CARPET^
pianos,, household goods; clean, light com-
partments; advances made. J. iSOONaN, 1017
to 1023 Mission st., above bixtn: open evenings.
REDUCED RATES, FURNITU it PIANOA
householu goods, eta J. M. PIKRc'K, 735 Mkh
HOTELS.
IJROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH BT-
■*-> board and room $1 to <2 per day. »6 to $li
per week; i choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suit*
rooms for family $i to SI SO per nightt arst-oUM
Mtviet; lit* touch, UiA.KLI.3 iiu.Niuuiii.uifHOUSES TO LET.
1 - .< H>DV_B ROOMS AND BATH: UN-
I «J«)U finished basement; rent *30, includ-
liic? water. Key, grocery, cor. Eddy and Steiuer.
SMALL ROOMING-HOUSE TO RENT; FUR-
ntlure for sale. Apply 1061 Folsom st.
9^7 JESSIE— HOUSK OF 6 ROOMS; *ia
00 I KasTON, KLDRIDGE A CO., 638 Market.
ANDSOMK, SUNNY « ROOMS: PORCE-
!ain plumb cheap rent. 610 Guerrero st.
,(JO 132 HICKORY AYE.: HOUSE OF 3
V. *- • looms: large yarJ; water free.
HOU3K OF 8 ROOMS AN £> BATH, IN GOOD
order; rent reduce! to 830. Apply 18'j5
AJioaiway.
nOQ JACKSON, NEAR JONKs-7 ROOMS;
A liiu bath: modern, elegant; marine view;
rent $32 60: water included; key a l . 1126.
OUSE OF 11 ROOMS, SUITABLE FO« 2
iami ies: rent cheap. 247 Steveuson a:.
<£•-! A COTTAGE OF 5 HOOMS AND BATH;
.tlTX'tr. nice garden. Inquire 410 Kearny St.,
room 10. or 29t>9 Johnson aye., Alameda.
' '(Jh-| / . HOUSK OF 7 RHO.MS AND BaXH;
-«)JiXD. newly renovated: large basement. 2121-3
Mason st.
QUNNY HOUSE: 6 KOOMs; BATH; KENT
0 $18. 171.6 Baker st
Cf OH SBOuMS, HATH, WATER, STABLE.
«JJ)Zv. 129 Cumberland si., nr. Dolores.
O RAO WASHINGTON— 7 ROOMS; BATH:
_ OUt7 first-class location and condition; lar^je
garden.
OUSKS 10 RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money *l EaLDWLV & liOWELL'JS, 10
>; ontgomery su ' '*.""-.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
MENLO PARK; $16: FURNISHED HOUSE.
UCFF & DOYLE, or 533 Guerrero st., city.
£.0- FINELY FURNISHED FLAT; SIX
I $Oi). rooms and bath: call mornings: refer.
ences: fine location. 1132 Turk st
H'RMSHED FLATS.
<si9ft COMPLETELY FURNISHED: PIANO;
O— •"• flat 6 sunny rcoms and bath for 3or 6
months to adults: reference. 308 a Bart' ett at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4 -ROOM FURNISHED COTTAGE; LAUREL
Grove, Ross Valley. 164 Golden Gate *ye.
OIQ SUNNY COTTAGE OF 4 LARGE
OXO. rooms, basement, yard. 186-1 Fifteenth
St., near Dolores. "r v '■■-■■1
©On MONTHLY WILL PAY FOR A NEW
£s*£U room and bath cottage on Diamond st :
large lot; street work done. Apply at 5207
Twenty-second St., corner of Mis ion, after 7:30
r. m. : ■;;->;' ;
SUNNY 4-KOO.M COTTAGE. YARD, $11;
flat, 6 rooms, #15. 623 second st.
WIAAHS S8 50— a COTTAGES; 11 RUS-
• «35 X U sell st. and 3 lay st . off Clay, near Mason.
TO LET- COTTAGE 6 KOOM& AND BATH;
rpntslB- 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
I -(W* I'< >- I—3,1 — 3, 4 AND 5 ROOM FLATS:
X i UO baths: garden: rent $15.
VLAT TO LET-4 SUNNY NICE ROOMS. 34
a Zoe St., oct. Bryantand Erannan.
(mi/. FLAT ON DEVIsADKRO, CORNER
«J*J-U. Geary: 6 rooms and bath; key on prem-
ises.
Q'JI Q TWENTY-FIRST. NR. VALENCIA—
0010 Flat, 3 rooms, both, etc-
n.Q;r MODERN FLAT. 8 ROOMS, BATH; 1
i^^.O. or 2 families. 1128 Howard St., near 7th.
n-Q HARRIET. BET. SIXTH AND i-EV-
_>JO enth— Upper flat; 3 rooms; rant cheap.
UN ALL DAY-LIVELY" LOWER MODERN
SLN ALL DAY— LUVfiLY LOWER MODEKN
5-room flat; mini be seen to be appreciated;
rent *18, water free. 39fcO .N ineteenth st., cor. Noe.
"I rv ■91 MINNA, NX. KLEVI-NTH— 4 OR 5
I\J 1 —■£ sunny rooms; Fas: yard: rent 14 up
I 1 QQ HOWARD ST.-4 NICE UNFUR-
XX OO nished rooms; large yard; cheap rent
G»-l 9 4 SUNNY BOOMS, Yaßl), 32 MORRIS j
•J 1 JL .-. aye., bet Fifth and ci.x.h, Harrison and
bryant
. vr ICE FLAT, 3 ROOMS AND BATH, $9. 2 ZOE
131 St., corner Bryant.
O-)') Z>(\ MODERN FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND
._ — — .OU. ba;h 2404 Mission st. •
or (' - SEVENTEENTH— LOWER '.FLAT; 5
0 I VJ«J sunny ro ims: $7.
tlAii ELEGANT COTTAGES, FLATS; PRICES
'£. \)\i reduced from $35 to 525. At SPECK &
CD'S., 6U2 Market st.
51U UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
0 1 O« 1625 V& Pine st., above Van Ness aye.
IV (\r 1 STKINKK — BUN N V MO D KR N
li \J I it lower flat: 5 large rooms and bath.
(jv "i p. LOVKLY Flat 5 ROOMS; SUN all
•„ I •)■ day; bath; gas; cars pass the door. 1513
Castro st, near Tweiity-ilf Hi.
LATS TO LhT FOR VEKI LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <fc HOWisXL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery St.
| <HEAP MODEKN" FLATS, & AND 6
Kj rooms. $M to 516: ««»« ti:rrn. 523 '-''•venth «t.
BOtSSKSKFIKG ROOMS.
Clementina Street.
7 AC) CLEMENTINA— LARGE BAT-WINDOW
1 "i— sunny room; kitchen; bath; housekeeping;
reasonable. -.-.-,
Eddy Street- . .'. '-■*»/.- ■"
Q-l -: EDDY— I OR 3 UNFURNISHED OR
VX.O furnished sunny rooms: reference.
inth >rre«..
914 FIFTH-2 SUNNY FRONT CONNECT-
-0 LI ing ims; stove; closet: bath; private; 810.
. 099 FIFTH-2 SUNNY ROOMS; FURNIBH-
• OZpAi ed for hrusekeeplng: rent cheap
3i C FIFTH— HOUSEKEEPING: 3 *13; ,1
- O »7; 2 parlors: kitchen.
Jriliiuore Street.
• 99HS 1 FILLMORK, NEAR CLAY — FLAT
— — l/O-j 4 furnished rooms and bath, $20.
- ucislfi Stree;.
4QQ JESSIE— 2 NICE. FURNISHED, SUNNY
100 housekeeping roomit, r. Nt $10; also others.
Kearny Street.
♦TQrv KEARNY— 2 OK 3 ROOMS, FUR-
tCO\J nlsbed: gas or coal stove.
Lark in Stre
JtnCi LAP.KI.V-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
"— v ny parlors; lower floor; gas, grate, water.
.Market Street.
'TIKI MARKET— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
J J O 1 for housekeeping.
. .;,-. McAllister .Street. ■ -' - - ■ I
MCALLISTER— FURNISHED ROOMS
"i — — for housekeeping; also sii gle rooms. .
Minna Street.
07-1 MINNA ST.-SINGLE SUNNY FRONT
■• > I I room: stationary basin; also housekeeping
room; private family.
- A(• MINNA— FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
-1 'ill piete for housekeeping: larxeyard.
i»iNsioii Street.
COO MISSION— TWO LARGE, PLEASANT
COO rooms furnished for housekeeping.
HE EA.-Ti.YN, 1063 MISSION BT.-2 OR »
1 sunn- housekeeping rooms; also front suites;
gas a id ba li.
1 OKI MISSION. COR. NINTH— 3 CONNECT-
-I^OX ing housekeeping rooms; $12 a month.
N^IUIIIH ntreoc.
t'j NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HOUBEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms rent 88 and 910 per month: ap-
ply aften 000. ' ' ■ ■
I' 1 - XAT'MV-2 OR 3 FURNISH KD r.OOMS
040 complete for housekeeping: low rent.
Bitch Street.
rtn KITCtf ST.— 2 FRONT ROOMS AND
/D kitchen, furnished, rent «10: out front room
•and kitcnvn, furnUhed. .58.
seventh >;r««--
-1 AC) SEVENTH (GIRARD)-SUITES AND
ki!cn«-ns;al»o single rooms-.newly renovated
MX lit Mreet.
oci SIXTH-2 LAROESUSNY rooms, fub-
*-O-2 niibed for ho Jsekeeplng.
i. vi h btreec.
lal 7 1 URK-A MODERN SUNNY FLAT
XUI ( of 3 or 4 rooms for man and wife; rent
moderate.
Twelfth Street.
"I 99 TWELFTH. BEtTmISSION AND HOW-
J Z. £> ard— Rooms for houstkeeping or for single
gantlemea. ■ v .,.,- - ■ . - •■ I
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued. j
\kU >>««« Avenue.
7fkV» VAX NKSS AYE. — NEWLY FUR-
i WO nished and unfurnished roomy with car-
pets: sunny: ieasonable.
1 KOOMS TO LET.
( ii'-icy Street.
4 LARGE SUNNY" ROOMS AND YARD;
rent cheap. Apply 16 Chesley st, or H. H.,
box V, Call . '
Clementina Street.
QJ CLEMENTINA— 6 SUNNY ROOMS, UN-
Ot furnished; nicely situated: rent 10 to f 12.
l»ore Street.
99 DORE— 3 FURNISHED SUNNY HOUSE-
*__.«-» keeping rooms; rent reasonable.
i-i«;l»tli Stroot. J:: : 'JX
CHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. ?H FTH
0 St.. near M arket: lurnished and unfurnished.
Ql EIGHTH. - KKAK .FoLsOM-3 LAKGE
OJ rooms; rent $10.
•*-■"!» Street.
KOYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— IN""ANDEB-
-cent Ugbis: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor; rooms per night, 85c to f 1 60;
week. 12 to ?H: month, f 8 to $30; elevator on
office floor*, rooms with hot and cold wa.er: baths.
iii til >ll««..
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth st. cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 76c and $1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
. Fourteenth Street.
1 9QB FOURTEENTH-'.! SUNNY UNFUR-
XZy nisheU, bay-window, housekeeping rooms.
(■tarv Stret»;.
Cl Q GEARY-ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE.
010 parlor, other rooms; light housakeepin? or
board: piano. ,';'
fTIHE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY. BW. COB.
X Van Ness- handsome suites, newly furnished.
.Golden Gate Avenue.
1 ri' GOLDEN IiAriTAVK. — NICE FUR-
XOD nished rooms; $5 up per month.
..«•.!••» Btieitt.
OH 7 JONES (-THE VAN WIN KLK")-HAND-
Z\j 1 somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
,1 7 JONES— NICE KOOM FOR LADY IN
11 I French family, reference.
»»«;iirny »ii'«;«»».
* —
* ISLINGTON HOUSK 127 KEARNY -
A. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
Leaven-worth Street.
iaiq LEAVEN WORTH— I LARGE SUNNY
11/IO unfurnished rcom; car e:ed. gas, bath;
rent $8. ..... . . .
J.i».l«.* S trow 4.
OCA MARKET— NEW MANAGEMENT: AT-
Ct)w tractivs sunny rooms and offices; terms
reasonable. , -
iq.(f» MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
J O 1 U sunny rooms, single or en suit", $6 up.
J'Mi'] 1 Strata.. •
nn>'T Minn a, COR. eighth— NEWLY FUR-
DD I nished bay-window room; $1 per week.
Allusion Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; FELKCT
family roomlns-house: *1 60 to $3 per week.
>>"oina Streo— -■
rAI NATOMA.COR. EIGHTH— 2 OR 3 FUR-
I ul nished rooms for housekeeping; *8 and SlO.
I flit Mr« .
17 POLK— SUNNY DUUBLE OR SINGLE
X I rooms from $1 to $3 week.
Powell Street.
1 90 POWELL — FRONT CORNER SUITE;
1 — «J also single room.
HE WIj,LI-*FoRD. 212-214 POWELL BT.—
Newly furnished sonny rooms; telephone.
* Sacramento Street.
1 Q9Q SACRAMKNTO — 3 ROOMS: SEPA-
IO—.O rate entrance.
San Carlos 'Avenue.
"I ri SAN CARLOS AViL.,NR. NINETEENTH
XOL aL— Sunny furnished front room; closet;-
cheap. ; - r -
: ■ r; '-' iiXvii s>-r<>o .
Dirk SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
OXU room; housekeeping if desired; rent rea-
sonable.
south Park.
I A SOUTH PARK - ROOMS, FURNISHED
J.v/ and unfurnished, lor housekeeping; sunny.
Taylor Street.
9/lfi TAYLOR— SUNNY ROOM FOR 1 OR 2
— "iv geutlemen; 9 7 and $8 a month.
Third Street.
OZ.O THIRD — 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O«JU rooms for housekpg: water free; rent 10.
Thirteenth Street.
Q9Q THIRTEENTH, BET. MISSION AND
OLiO Vaienria— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms: cheap.
I'.UAKDIMi AND ROOMS.
1 AQA BUSH, NX. COR. LEAVENWORTH-
. l\Jo\J Large front room; board for two, C 46.
Jin EDDY— 2 SUNNY PARLORs FOR 2.
•11*- with.«boara, $-0 eaeb: back parlor, $18.
TVTANTKD— CHILD TO BOARD; LARGE
IT yard; can furaisii references. 266 Thirteenth
St., down stairs
WILLIAM TELL HOUSE, 317 BUSH-FlN-
'» est roominc house downtown; rooms single
and en suite, Ralston restaurant on ground, floor.
7-1 9 POST— LARGE -UNNYROO>I FOR 2
I J . — with board; $18 each: use parlor and piano.
Q/iQ VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
OUO Dished tunny rooms or suite, with board.
OOM (UK 2 GENTLEMEN WliH BOARD:
German home cooking: *5 a week. li'.'s Valen-
cia st
HOTEL BhRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer, nces; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tables, if desired; new management.
1% vVEj-.K S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TI»S
A WEEKLY CALL, la wraDoer. tor mailing.
CUILDItLN i.o.\i;im:i>.
pERMAN LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD;
VJ good home. 425 Vi Hayes si. -
STORES TO LET.
SIQ | STORE; 6 LIGHT ROOMS: ESTAB-
(i • lished saloon 12 years. 911 Foiaoin St.,
near Fifth.
MALL STOKE, SUITABLE FOR TAILOR,
barber, shoemaker, fruit or cigar store; rent
$12 60. 106 Golden Gate aye.
311 ft E\(\ 10 °7 PARKIN ST., COR. POST:
tjpiU.OV. living-rooms.
OLD-KSTaBLISHED STORE— GEARY ST.,
npar Taylor: cheap rent. Apply 516y a < ; eary.
•JP.^9 TWENTY-THIRD -STORE; FIX-
OtJOid tures: living-rooms; good' location; rent
9 1 5
PROPOSALS. '<>
FIMPOsaLS FOII MILITARY >UPPLIES"—
General Depot of the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, 86 New Montgomery street, San l-raueisco,
Cat., April 19, 3897. sealed proposal •; in trip I-
cate, will be received at this office until 11 luck
a.m.. Pacific standard time, May 20, 1897, and
lh<»n o|<ened, for furnishing tills depot with the fol-
lowing article* of Clothing and Kqulpage and Ma-
terials fur the manufacture of Clothing, v'z.: Corn
Brooms, Gilling Line, Goose Iron, Hooks and
Eye*, indelible In  Operatives' Ledger, Mallet,
Manilla Tent Line, orommet Punch. Hollow
Punches. Cotton Rope, Shovels, Trimmers'
Shears, Measuring stick, Tailors' Square, lent
Stovep pc, Linen Thread, Wrapping Tw.ne, White
Tape and Silk- Twl t'roposals for delivery a:
other points will be considered. . The right to ac-
cept or reject any or &l proposal*, or hiiv part
thereof, v reserved. -Preference wll ba given to
articles of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of quality »nd price (imluding In me
price of foreign productions and manufactures the
duty trier. on) bring equal, aud such reference
given to articles or American production a a
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by in? public service
there. For a. plea of printed 'Instructions to bid-
der* and blanks f>r proposals apply m thin office.
Envelopes containing iiroposa s should be marked
"Proposals tor Military Supplies," sou addressed
to the undersigned, JaMEs id. MOORE, Colonel
and Assistant Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army-
Depot Quartermaster.
US ENGINEER'S OFFICK, BURKE BUILD-
. Ing Beaitia. Wash.. May 10, 1897.— sealed
propo-ius for furnishing 500 000 torn of stone and
other materials . for construction of Ji-tiy at Grays
Harbor, Wash., will be received here until July 9,
1897 and then publicly opened. Information fam-
ished on app Icaiion. HARRY TAYLOR, Cap-
tain- Engineer* •-- '•;-•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
! PERSONALS.
rpHEODOR LOBBEN WILL RECEIVE GOOD
1 news if he i any of his friends » 1.1 send his
address to IVER. box £0, Call.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
XI. laity; private; no fee without success: probate,'
insolvency, collections, patents, trademarks, etc.,
obtained; private detectives; established lOyeam
G.W. HOWE.atty at law, 850 Marker .cor.Stocktn.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT OR
X any other sickness; terms $16 week, including
bjurd, nursing and washing. 719 Webster st.
ANTED— PRIVATE LESSON IN SURVEY-
TT ing: s'.ate price per hour. 1. W., box 146, Call.
ENORITA "CARMENCITA HAS REMOVED
her studio to 305 a Mason st.
ASSAGE TREATMENT GIVEN BY MRS.
EMMA ROSK, formerly at the Hammam
Baths; hours 9to 9. 17 Fourth St., room 1.
ME. KAY FAIR HAS RETURNED AND
located at 223 Post .st., moms 2 and 3.
/> ENTLEMAN WITH MiAI.L CAPITAL FOR
Vjr business Investment wanted by lady. Room
9, 9 Powell s'-
E VERY DAY BRINGS AN INCREASE OF
patronage at the largest hair-dressing estab-
lishment on (he Pacific Coast, and my 16 artlstel
are kepi 'very busy indeed: hair-dressing, any
style, 25c: switches, the best, from $1 to $3: gray or
bleached hair restored to natural co.or, SI 60 to
95. G. LX it I'.FR, 111 Stockton st ■
SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS ' REMOVED BY
0 electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, « 15 Bush.
■POR rejuvenating the hair use Quinonia Hair
X I Tonic; 35c. G. LEDErttR, 111 Stockton st
CLOAKS AND 'i'AILOK-MADK SUITS RE-
\J tailed at wholesale ligures. 20 Sansome St.,
ups.airs.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny. upstairs
pHKUMATISM CURED OK MONEY' HE-
■IX funded; poor treated free. 305 Eddy st. j
HHUFt-CHMIDf, SANITARY PLUMBER,
- gastitter. 623 Golden Gate uv. Tel. Suiter 471.
I .RL'NKENNES- — CURES GUARANTEED.
J 1 Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. : 26 Page St.. S. F.
I RACIAL. BLEMISHKS. WRINKLES, SMALL-
J- pox pltlfncs and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery; suuken eyes and cheeks filled
out; baldness cured. , MRS. E. KING, 524 Sutler.
"LUNE BLACK SUIT; fl2 60. MlOifll 1 U«( Jt*
X ing parlors. 613 Montgomery si.
1 lUU\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, 60:
IuUU wedding work. HILL, 22 V« Geary st.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTKCTIVE
XV service. Rooms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle oldg.
I/1U OUTiIUUtt KTKKKOPTICON >HOW KVB-
1 ' ry nigh: cor. Market and Sixth his. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of bust-
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
I,'AP.TINGTON'S* rCHuOL or MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars an to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine st: illustration ••uiuitiuoa
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
PUPTUKK A-\i> I'ILJJS tUHtI); NO PA V
' It until cured: send for book. - DKS. M».\*
FIELD* POKTKKKII'.LD b3S Market V..
ELKCTRIO LiUlli.l IN KVKKY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third rt, nr. Market:
i.OO rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to id pec
*eek; tree bus and l.acsrace 10 and !rom '.lit- terry
DBESS3IAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; CAPES $1 UP; WKaP
pen 50c up. 431 Minna st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. DX THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life* past,
present, tuture; consultations on all affairs: coin-
ing excepted: names given: pood, advice: sure
help; restores lost lovs by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee Cl; letter t*2U Post st. nr Larkto.
MML". PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
i'i ant card-reader, born double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease, full lite reading; la. 5Uc;
gents $1: palm, and cl air v. ; sit ¥1 60. 126 Turk.
MELVINA SLATER, WONDERFUL CLAlR-
vovant. moved to 797 Mission St.; advice on
business and love affairs; picture future husband
or wile.
ME. ARNDT. HKI'MA.N FORTUNK-TELL-
er; tells past and future: given picture future
husband or wife; 26cup; never tails. 907 Harrison.
MME. LEOGKTTE. I.IFE-REA 1>I:K, PAST,
future ana business advice, one price, '-'sc.
311 Tehama st., near >onrth.
MKS. BARRETT HA Kill. MEDIUM: TELLS
everything you wish to know, 50c. lltiA
Grant aye.
VfME. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
J'J. am: never fails; call and be convinced . 4i9
tTt-ary st, room 22, second tiuor; 25c. .
MME RAVRNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given; 26cup.5 fourth.
/CONSULT LUCKY MhOlUMj READS FROM
V.^ crad to grave; 25c. 41 Minna st., basement -
ME. H PALMIST, CARD-READER;
fast, present and future; 25& 148 6th st, r. 5.
XI ME. MOKICAU, BEST FOKTU.nE-TELI.KK,
ii medium, card-reader; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures given: ladies 25a 914 O'Farrvil.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. OS-MAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, GIVES
messages and advice on all matter* pertain-
ing to mortal affairs. 838 Mission s'.
CV. MILLER'S ErHEREALIZING, MATE-
. riaiizing trum, »t seance; Bp. m. 535 Po»t:
26c.
ME. YOUNG'S TKST CIRCLE TO-NJGHT;
10c; convincing tests. '418 McAllister st.
MRS. I'ULTON— SLATE-VVK.TIN(t SEANCE
to-night, 60c; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 1121JOAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, Bp. m., Thursday, 2 p. m. ; readings-
pEMOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE SLATK-
XV writing medium. is now located at 1122 Market.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS' « IrtCLKS; TUES. <&
Fri., 8 p.m.; readings dally, »1. 701 McAllister.
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halght st.: hours 9 until 6p. m.
MRS. C J. MEYER— TEST Clit. 2 ANDSP M.
tests to all; lOci sittings. '326 McAllister st.
MKB. J. J. WHITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st
£•1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
uli) Vai.j.: KiihKrri) an ! vrsinin'.i taken.
HYPNOTISM. . .'.-.ill*
HYPNOTISM CUKES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls; alto laughL Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'FarrelL
.DENTISTS-
XN^VRiiOM^^CtVS^LE^TIRO-^DBNT^/rL
Parlors, 99V Market st : lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous anaesthetics given; electric ty
the great agent used 10 relieve pain; teeth tilled
and extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices: best work; all surgical work
attended by G. W\ Williamson, M.1)., ptiysician
and Burgeon: examination free by the ute of our
new electrical, appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth* without plates a
specialty. Electro- Parlors, 997 Market st.
* FULL SET OK TEETH. $5; PAINLESS
iV extraction: see our new combination plat*:
thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made: warranted
10 years: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50: lady *s«m-
ant. CHICAGO DENTAL PARLOUS, *4 Sixth.
tf»C FULL BET TEETH: BilsjT MARK;
upO. kept in repair; extracting free; filllngs.&Oc;
CKWU3, *3 6U. Pacific Dental Parlors, If Third.
nKOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V. ket, oet 3d and 4th; j;a, J s specialists: painlesi
extracting, with gas, 91; p'aies, »7 up: flu, $1 up.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATK. DX
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk st.
POSITI VKLY PA IN LESS EXTRACTION. Da
HARDING, 600Sulter cor. Powell. tel. ma1u5375 j
B. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET »I. OPJiM
evenings: - Sundays till noon, dentistry taught
uLiO.s Dh.NTAL ASSOCIATION, 800--.A.U- ;
kei st. UK CHARLKS W. DECKER.
Qtn A SET FOR TKKTH- WARRANTED AI
«b • rood as can be made; rilling $1 JDR >1:,iM.%
dentist S3O Markes st. next Baldwin heater.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NH.
XJ Eleventh; no charge lor extracting wbea
plates are mads: old plates made over 1U» new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting &oc: gat given.
~\\H. UJtOiiGK W. LEEK. THK OLMINS
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
•nd patentee of Unproved bridge work or teeLk
without any plate, moved from to *MU FarrailM.
ALL WORK ' REASONABLE AND WAt4-
(anted UK. J. W. KEY, 1320 Market at.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
A: WEEKLY CALL. In wraDuer. for mailinc. : !
BICYCI.ES.
HAVE 3 HIGH-GKADE BICYCLE- THAT I
must sell: sacrifice. B M., box 9, Call Office.
BICYCLE SACRIFICE TO SAVE BONDS-
men: 1 or 100; wholesale price for cash.
Specifications and particulars. Attorney at Law,
box 1259, San Jose, Cal.
)Qr- FOWLER, EQUAL TO , NEW, $:0:
' • /*) -Steams, model a, $35: snaps in tendems.
[ Golden Rule Bazaar Cycle Department, 25 Gear/. ,
. ,'j MEDIC AZ.
ALL LADIES USE = -:'>: , .- -.. ."' :
RKNARD'S REGULATING WAFERS. .
REGARD'S . LAVENDER BALM.
RENAKD'S GENKTIVO TABLETS. ■
.. BEXARD'S ; SAMTIVE DOUCHE.
For further particulars call or send 2-ccnt stamp
to Pacific Coast agency, Renaid Medical Co., 323
Sprockets building, ©27 Macto-tst., San Francisco.
GUARANTEED SaFK, RELIABLE AND
, ,- EFFICIENT, REMEDIES-.
DR. H. MULLER'S ELECTRO- HERBAL
s'.itute for the cure of nervous prostration,
kidney disease, rheumatism aud all blood disease;
paralysis, I guarantee to cur* any case if not over
two years' standing, or if over relief and great Im-
provement is assured: consu tation free; Dr. Mul-
fer's paralysis oil has no equal In the cure of
paralysis. 225 Powell 3t. ; emce hours from 8 to
12 and 2tosp. m. / ' ■ ■
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPKESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement; beat care and
privacy: regular physician; 80 years' successful
practice: ' my : celebrated- remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed :coa-
euitation free, confidential; hour) 10 to 5; pills *i-
MRS. DX. WYKTH. 916 Post sL. near 1-arlcin.
K. J.H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
is:, still often his valuable services to the un-
lortunate. With a mind ma red and enriched by
studies of *an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills lie cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been . strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
i trol. His female monthly remedies are sore anil
cafe In their effect*. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, and are warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over SO years of ■ practice enables him to warrant;
a cure In all cases.- Consultation parlors. WOd
Market St. Call or .write direct w V 0& Market si.
rooms 11 and 12. ' ' ' - -
PKOCKSS THAT JS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause: I no electricity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded If a core is .not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. • Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister st.. next Hlburma
Bank: hoars. 9a.m. to 6 and 7 to B p. v.
A PKOCKSS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RB-
store every case of monthly sickness irons
whatever cause In a few hoars wlien msdlcinea
and others have failed; no instruments nsed:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DaLKY, XIM
Market st.. over the Owl Drugstore.
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES -A
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positive. safe and -
sure: no dancer or after effects; taken in time It
also ac as a preventive; price $150 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 23 Grant aye.
vr \v PROCESS: NO MEDICINE Oil INSTRU-
-1\ ment: every woman her own phys clan for all
fema c troubles, no matter from what cause: re-
store* in one day; can be sent used at home;
positive cure. DR. POPPEK. 318 Kearny si.
Ky! OOOD^VIN .SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill.
irce diagnosis: low lees; belt-cure 401 Van Ness
T ADIES, CHICII ESTER'S ENGLISH
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. >cud 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief tor Ladles." In letter by return mail:
at druggist* Chichester Cbem. Ca. Philadelphia
* LFEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA- I1 ''
XX dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; $2 50 express C.»O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. UBOOOD BROS. Coast A cents. Oakland:CaL
~T fcL-Kh. c L itK 1 OK, ALL, ht.UA^r. DiS-
iV eases from whatever crush; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satisfacuou guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYKR, 226 Tur< at.
DH. AND MKS. WEGENKK, 526 EDDY ST.,
expert in the discuses or women; good home
before and aurluir confinement! babies adopted Id
good home: pl.ls SI.
4 LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XV eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. .SCOTT' I *, 410 Geary st : consult • lion free.
]\V PRAK -> FKMALi'. KKGULAUNx PILL.-*:
XJ safe and efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drugglsts, 408 Clay &t.,aoU»agU.
ADIKS FAR AND NEAK CONSULT DR.
LADII'.S FAR AND NEAR CONSILT DR.
ami Ml;-. >AY; open all hours. 114 Jones.
OME IN CONFINEMENT: DISEASES OF
women. Mrs. Dr.Funke,l4l6 Blh St.. Alameda.
TTN^UBPAMiED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, diseases. iiKS.Dtt. PUETZ, 264Va4ta.
I .K. hall, 14 MCALXJSTKKWTREET. Ka-U
U Jones, r Diseases of women ana children. J
MUSICAL . IN STRCMEST3.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO FURCH ASK A PIANO?
A. We sell them for $M, $4, $6. $6, $7, $a $9, $10
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay i rent when the same monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and butter sish btela-
way dealers. . -' . ' ■ ■-, . .
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A house west of Chicago Is KOHLER A
CliA-1.-.. 26, 28 and iiO u'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instrument*, of ail
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible dove tit please ana ambry the
customer. ' • -""";?, ; :
HAKD.MAN PIANOS ARE BEST— CONCED-
ed highest In quality by 50,000 purchasers
and m llious of admueis: moderate in price;
pianos sold on $3 an l upward per month. TUB
j.DKWINu CO.. second floor, Flood building,
Four, an 1 Market sts.
ACTUALLY THK BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
A. anos; monthly payments from $5 up: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesroom*, 933 Market •:., oj>p. Mason; csiau
llshed over 20 year*.
ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe. Bush A Geres and others: see-
ona-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor M A. L Bancroft >£ Co.. £24 Post.
ADMIN ISTRATUR'S KALE — MUST SKLL:
A. pianos at immense reduction for ensnorou
installments ': KaION K>TaT E 735 Market St.
HAW. STEIN WA\,.*26o; CHICKEKINQ.
$185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, $95; rent $2 up. II^INK, 136 Ellis st.
JflNt HAKDMAN, WKBEK AND STEIN-
way. slightly used; bargains. Room la, Flood
building. • . • . , '
(JUl'^c ELEGANT GERMAN UPRIGHT,
(JlOt). on $5 Installments. 221 Leaven north.
GREAT BAIUiAIN ■- TO-DAY— UPRIGHTS
VJ *12.'>. $110, $175. MAL'VAIH, 769 MarkeL
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR LESSONS,
25c to beginners. .V. M., box 19, Call Office.
GOOD PIANO FOR BALK OR KENT CHEAP.
VJ SCHJII I Z, 16 McAllister sU
ELEGANT $800 WEBER UPRIGHT. CHEAP.
BRUENN'S Piano-house. 228 Post st-
KNABK PIANOS: NEW bCALE; NEW
styles. KOHI.KR A CHASE, 80 O'FarreU st.
\TKARLy NEW BABY GKAND STKINWAY;
ii ■ great bargain. «1021 Vim Ness aye.
Al hHKR-UAN, CLAY A CO. f B ONLY \\ iLt,
A you find a stock of new Stein way piano*.
W«. BAi»GKU. SOi-K Ai-ENT FOKHALLET
.A Davis a«J Francis Bacon pianos. 413 sacto. '■
l — . — _
BYRON JI.UZV, oVt> lV.il 1 bT.-sOUil.iiU,
XJ Newby A Kvanv Bricrss an.i other pianos. < .
S^UPERIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLEK. maker, repairer. '.' Latham place.
""— "*T— ~ *^— - ""**'^^~'^'^^^— —^^^^^S!
FOB EALK-SIJSOELLAMIOUS.
flljC GOOD SINGER BK WING - MACHINE;
V«>. renting,' repairing; all kinds exchanged.
1659 Market si. :■, , ■
OR SALK- AT 411 O'FARItELL ST.; A
double, oak f3laln;-bed;.cheaD; after 2p. m. ■
I?OR SALE CHKAP: BOAT: SUITABLE. FOR
X 1 launch. GEu. LEE, -outh and Kentucky sts.
1?OK KALE— BXOLISH-MADE HORSE BAD-
£ die; good state; cheap. 17 Stockton st, rm. 77.
A NO. 1 FRKSH MILCH COW; CALF 8
days old.' Apply 1429 Shotwell st., near 28th.
V INK. CORNER NOTION -TORE; CHEAP;
bakery, cigar* etc, '*70l Misslwnst
SAFES— NEW ' AND btCOND-HAND. "' 609
Market sL ; ' •'•'■-- "- : ''[""'''" ' '" ■;' '*"' :■
l 7-UORSK-P.iWi'R ENGINE, 1.: 4-HORIs^.
J ! power engine, with i oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapers. 516 Sixth st. ■ ■■ ; ■
:, AKS, ■ BACK BARS.: MIRRORS,' SHOW-
-0 cases, „ counters, linoleum, office furniture.
i tore and office iurnitura anil fixtures, new t and
second hand. J. NOONAN, XOl7-10l»-102l-J0iJ
Mission si.; above sixth. .: .H.r .
i; OILEKi»,Ji:NIiiAKS,2D^HAND MACHINERY
1' waier-pii-t-.s. -Mclmosn it Wolpman. 137 Beal*
COIIKK MILL; bCALKs*.. LETT KK PKES*
\J stand desK, money U.i. safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
1 j AKS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHKLV-
i> ing, etc, bought and soid. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
T ALOE 'DOUBLE .- CUMI'AK'IHtAI' * . CVJI.V
XJ bank safe; clv.-a '. yfc Mission St. • ,- v
ATEW ELMWOUD RANGES ARE THE BKST.
x\ W. B. RAY, MFG. CO. 12 California su ,
NX BMaUi-MKI)IUM: AND LAKGE-SIZB
\J tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ASHI>UR\ HEIGHTS FLATS.
ii. PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
<!UQPLnrt • MODERN FLATS KEAKASn-
t]rOt/UV/. bury and Waller sts.; well built;
cement foundation, etc.: sure speculation.
KASI'ON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
... 638 Market st.
•RICHMOND COTTAGE. ~T~-
XV ONLY ONE YEAR OLD.
q>nnf\r\ third avk. NR. point LOBOS;
. <Jf»^ZUv'. modern cottaee of 4 rooms, bath and
baiement; lot 26x120: street sewered and mac-
adamized. EAbTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., • . :
: -638 Market st.
ESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
MUST 88. SOLD.
SEE IT TO-DAY.
fflJCCfin BE. COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.
«JPU«JUU. and Scott s:. ; well-buiH residence of
9 rooms and bath: brick, foundation; street work
done; lot 25x109:6.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
■ 638 Market st.
EBTERN ADDITION FLATS.
PAYS GOOD INCOME.
& Qf\(\f\ NR MASON AND FILBERT STS.:
ijPOUUU. a flats of 4 and 6 rooms; well built
and in good condition; street work all done; rents
$27 per month. ■
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- ' 638 Market it.
MISSION RESIDENCE. -.
IN THE WaRM BELT.
Ql*A'7Z.(\ MISSION ST., NX. 18TH; HOUSE
fj 1 "! I >>'■'. of 7 rooms, bath and basement; con-
venient to several car lines. .
KASiON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.
BUY A HOME
ON EASY TKR.MB.
WE CAN «ELL YOU A NEW MODERN
'» house, cottage or a pair, of flats on small cash
payment: ball nee monthly, same as rent. Call
for full parti.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
' 638 Market st.
BARGAINS IN LOTS'.
FOR BUILDIMG OR SPECULATION.
$1750— 19 th St., nr. Church: 60x114.
$1800— Douglas St., nr. 23d; 50x;00.
$1850— Cor. 20th and Alabama sts.: 25x114.
$2000— C ayton st ,nr Page; 25x106 ;3.
$ 800— Fell St.. nr. Devisadero: 25x137:6.
*3UllU— Baker St., nr. Oak; 25x96:10.
$3000— Cor. Pine and Lyon sts.: 27:6x93:9.
' EASTON, ELDRJ HUE <fe CO.,
638 Market st.
"PROBATE SALE. ~
X AT AUCTION.
VALUABLE DOWNTOWN
- ■ • BUSINESS PROPERTY.
SW. CORNER OF : .-• :V, :
POWELL AND ELLIS.
The property consists of a corner lot 48x75,
on the &W. i-ornerof Powell and Ellis streets,
with a handsome modern, 5-story brick build-
ing, equipped with elevator and all the mod-
ern improvements essential to a first-class of-
fice buiding. Present rents $760 per mouth:
$9120 per annum. Rents can be increased to
over $10,000 per annum. Catalogues at of-
fice. Sale takes puce
THURSDAY. MAY SO,
At 12 o'clock, noon, in our salesroom, 10 Mont-
gomery st. BALDWIN & Ho WELL.
FOX SALE— NEW FLATS JUST BEING COM-
pleted: 1610-12 Fulton St., near Lyon: ail
modern improvements: tries: flats must be see'i
to be appreciated ; house op.-n. DAN KINsTEIN.
owner and builder, 630 Market st.
NKW COTTAOK; 5 VtOtOlS AND BATH;
xi high basement: 'furnished or onturnished:
everything -class; no contract work: no agent
needappy: no c»nimlss:on given. Apply by let-
ter to F. J. TRIPLE box 74, ca 1 i flice, S. F.
CjrQjy FOX SALE OK EXCHANGK FOR
«Ir «-)<■-■ U. bu lding material fin.- building lot; ter-
min.is 22t1-st- electric-cars: i-unnysnie. line view;
see owner. DKTI NEK, 374i> 26th st.
BUILDERS, ATTENTION!— SSSOO: LOT 10UX !
81:3; wrst cor. of S.unyun and Sullivan sts. ;
lot level; street done. C. P. 'I'RoY JR. £ CO.,
630 market st.
PACIFIC HEIGH I 2420 GOUGU ST., NKAR
X Broadway— New house, 8 rooms; marine view;
fine location: modern improvements; eaey term*.
Apply on premises. ':■■:/■-';
CL'^kA WILL build 4-KO >M cottage,
«ff)L)c)U with bathroom; will cal . GEORGKM.
BAL>>BU' V, Builder. 621 X St., Sunset HK.Rhts.
PROPKKTV TO EXCHANGE.
FINE FARM: IMPROVED; 160 ACRES;
will sell or exchange for improved city prop-
erty. ' all SI Walnut aye.
1n TO 4(I? ACRES, IMPROVED; SANTA
1 \J Rosa ; will exchange for city property; terms
to suit. 867 Folsom st. .
H-rtCfifl OAKLAND HOUSE; LARGE LOT
«Jr^UUl/. for business or farm. (.»., box 101,
Call Office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds aud Jewelry at half the interest you
pay eisewhere. Ci T RATE LOAN OFFICE,
room 7, Food building, entrance 809 Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. in S. F.. Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates,
without removal: no torn missions: no delays.
3. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 iiustou at., above Bixtu.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY KEHPKCTABLK AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. : telephone Green 204.
4li'-tnn f\t\i\ AT 81 /2 PER CENT ON CITY
tJpOUI/.UUv/ real estate; also Oakland: esiatei,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. SITOR 3D MOKTO
estates, undivided. ln.erests, rial estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
aIcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room S.
AN SON REAL ESTATE BONDS: LOWEST
J rates- MCAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
ON FUKNITURF., PIANOS; WITHOUT KE-
moval; low interest ; no commissions. 1404
Stockton st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON ALL. LOANS!
We loan at 6So interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4. CalL
<H»QQX i\(\i\ Al " BANK KATJfiS: IST AN U
%sO£O.\J\jyj 2d mortgages, estate*, rents, eta.
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 623 Market sc.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. BCRIB.VKit. 7 City Hall aye.
NY AMOUNT ON PIANO WITHOUT RE-
moval; very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
LOANS ON RKAL ESTATK, BONDS. ETC.:
XJ lowest rates, by MoaFEE BROS., 108 Montgy.
IAO.OOO ON LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES
«JplU low Interest. JOS. B. I OPLITZ, 33J Pine.
fil *■ f\ 1 o $&U,000; LOWEST RATE; IST £2D
«JpOU ruorte. : any proposition. Drvden, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST. OK 2ND MUitTU KS-
tnt>>s in rrODHto, etc. Km. 7. 608 California. St.
1;> ANCiAI.. .
WANTED- $800 ON IMPROVED CITY
»T property; worth $2000. A. A., box 83, Ca. l.
ANTED— EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
listed or unlisted stocks; gold, silver ana
quartz bought and assayed. F. EPHKAIM CO.,
628 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel. S. F. . ■
HORSES.
AUCTION WALKS EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., S.
WATKIN.% auctioneer. ■ -
A{\ HOKsK.i FOR KALE: ALSO WAOON-1
lU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horn
Market, . 327 Sixth st. ; suction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULLI VAN ADO VLK. Auctioneers.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of gi>od harness, our own make, •* every de-
scription, for less money than you ran buy Eastern
trash: send for caulogu?. 110 McAllister st., a F.
Kfi HEAD OF HORSES (SUITABLE FOR ANY
«.)Übusiuess 900 to 1600 pounds. ■ Old Turk-st. car
stables. IVOI 'lurk: team of larsro ,vOuni( uiulet .
WAOONS AND CAKSIAUKS.
WANTED— LIGHT DELIVERY WAGON,
»» with top. borse and harness; must be cheap.
H., box 80. Call Office.
KCOND- HAND MILK OR DELIVERY
wagon for tale, cheap. 1013 Harrison st
rnEA, COFFKE, SPICE WAGON: ONfc. NEW
1 peddlers wagon cheap. 1: 40 lurk st.
TVTi W AND^KCOND-HAND BaKEK, LAUN-
iI dry and milk wagon: also tine top buggy and
rockaway. . 828 Harrison st. : - ■
'; LEGAL NOTICES.'
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
Francisco, April 15. 1897.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Boaru or Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public auction by E. s.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms,' Ml and S3 Gutter
BlreK ° n MONDAY, MAY 17. '.;."■ . . '•
At 10 o'clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, is detailed In an inventory
thereof on tile In the cilice of the < Itrk of the
Board of Supervisors, and consisting of jewelry,
wearing apparel, pitiols, knives, etc. : also a lot of
trunks, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
'persons received from the Coroner of this City and
County. 1 Open for inspection on morning of sale, v
- . A. C, WIDBKH,
-.-■■-■•■■• City and County Treasurer.
' oV^i: PHYSICIANS.''' '
D" R. C. C. O'DONN ELL, 1206 MARKET; RES
2864 25th St.; diseases of women a specialty
! COUNTRY BEAT. KSTATK.
GRK AT BARGAIN! ■ ~~~~ : "
One of the prettiest little places 'n the State;
right on the bay: fine for boating, fishing, bunt-
ing and bathing; comfortable ho.ise; 8 poultry
and duck houses: railroad runs b.- door; quar:er
of a mile from town: just the place for business
and pleasure: will sell or exchange.
GRKAT BARGAIN IN A FRUIT FARM. LO-
vT cated only 3Mi miles from county ie.it; 15
' acres full-bearing fruit; house 6 rooms; 'i barns
complete; lot ut implements;. 1 horses, 3 cows, lot
of chickens, wagons and household furniture: on
easy term*; crop will pay $1000 Ibis year; call at
ouce * .
97 ACRES, ONLY & MILES FROM SAN JOSE:
— I all in ful-bearlog fruit, mostly prunes and
'cots: fine house lo rooms, barn, wa.er works: all
complete; $16,000; will accept sometraae.
I OAAA ACRES FINEST WHEAT LAND IN
I — V/ \J\J the State lor good property la San Fraa-
; Cisco.
m ACRES 40 MILES FROM BAN FRAN-
cisco, near Mountain View, Santa Clara
County: uaim proved; price $1760.
Cfil 7 K(\ PER ACRE: 450 ACRES; FINE
vD-*- • . O\J stock and grain ranch: 8 miles from
Men o Park, San Mnteo County; large house. tine
barua; 120 acres seeded to hay and grain; Ibis Is
choice : see it at once. -
SIIAiNWALD, BUCKBKE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills Building.
21 ACRES LAND: NEW HOUSE OF 6
■t rooms, barn, chicken-house; well and plenty
lit water: all planted in vine and vegetable: nice
place for chicken ranch; cheap. Apply Call Office.
RE AI BARGAIN: »85 PER ACRE; PRO-
AJ duces finest vegetables, hay, grain or fruit: Al-
ameda Co., 35 ms from city; aisu small improved
places: cheap. H. J. DH.GLEs. 69 Columbia bld«.
IpOR SALE-'J HOUSES IN PAL) ALTO;
bringing pood Income. Call on or address the
owner, H. J. JAMES. 11 Crocker building.
' L OR SALE AT A BAitQA N OR EXCHANGE
— 585 acres; stock and fruit ranch; 13 miles
from Oakland; 85 In cnoice fruits: fine buildings:
pasture land; well watered, piped to house and
barn; stock, farming tools, etc. HE Nil AM _
THOMAS. 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
».j AKIN C 0. —26 MILES FROM CITY; $40 TO
-I*' $80 per acre: choice lands in tracts of all sizes;
improved farms, chicken ranches, bay, grain, fruit
end vegetal) c lands: easy terms; rail and wa;er
transit; good- schools. HOME _ FARM CO., 64
Chronicle b!dg. ' . " ■
LOR SALK-20 ACRES FINE LAND, IM-
I proved; good colony: will take No. 1 piano first
payment. Address J. N. THOMPSON, Kern, Cal.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWI.Sii, So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St., h. F
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTJbK hUMr.S A SPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agunt,
Sonoma, rat. — - - - -—
ffl-C AN ACHE: 128'J ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
i\y-O for stock or fruit: plenty water. s.. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL KSTATK.
"ffljT7» A EACH— LOTS, MELROSE f"s I'ATION
«ir A"" tract; streetcars and local trains.
160 lots near German old People's Home; elec-
tr.c cars; $1 down and $1 a week.
H. B. PINNEY, 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
NEW MODERN UP-TO-DATE HOU.^E; 8
i-i rooms, bath, etc.: nice barn and grounds: but
a few Mocks to business center; was built by owner
for own use: cost $4200: can be bought this week
for $3250; owner obliged to leave the city; mort-
gage of $2000 can remain. J. a. MYERS, IUO2
Broadway, Oakland.
WKKN YOU ARE OUT ON A SUNDAY RIDE
" make a visit to A. Win be re, builder and real-
estate dealer. 161 1 Twenty-third aye., cor.Twenty-
second St., and see th- finest 5, 6 and 8 room
houses in the market; finest climate on the coast.
Cl«9iT.fk SPLENDID OPPORTI Nil V FOR A
«r*vU. blacksmith if taken immediately; 2
forges, tools and all stock on baud: also wagon
wood -working department; an old-established
well-payine business. Particulars 326 San Pablo
aye., SOL CALDER wood.
ET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME MITJC
while prices are low; lots CIOO to $150 at
Fltchburg, beyond Frultvale; the best property
for Investment now offered;' local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 49 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school; terms to suit. Before buy-
ing in ibis locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. HUKKLE. 915% Washingtou at., upstair*
room 28. Oakland. Cal.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
J«T.AM"|im\ IvJiAL rc*AT».
_99fin NEW COTTAGE. 4 ROOMS AND
. _''U. bath, near station: easy terms.
$2830— New cottage, 6 moms a:id bath; $150
cash. *H0 monthly.
$3100— Colonial cottage, 1 story and a half, near
Bay-street - tution. terms reasonable.
$3500— Beautiful colonial cottage of 7 rooms;
corner lot, 5U.\100; your terms are ours
MARCUSK _ KKMMEL,
Bay-street station. Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
S. F. Office open Sundays and holiday a. .-;.■-,
_^____________
(Ip'iUv/. $1300— Lot 50x150; Morton-st. station.
91800— Lot 45x125; house of 7 rooms, wind-
mill, tank and stable. '.'
$2600— Elegant cottage of 6 rooms; Chestnut-st.
station. \ •■---. . •■ . '
Bargains in all parts of Alameda.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
.• .; .J 1500 Park St., Alameda.
© 4^(\f\ FINE RESIDENCE iOF it ROOMS
(jDlwliU and bath: lot 5Ux119; excellent lo-
cation: within 1 minute's walk from narrjw-gauge
station; terms, small cash payment and monthly
Installments: must be sold a. once. JOSEPH A.
LEONARD CO.. 1364 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA BOOKS AND HOUSES.
TO RKNT FOR SUMMER MONTHS— FUR-
nished house with large garden; near Grand-
st. station. D. BRUTON, 1630 Railroad ave^
Alameda, or 701 I- mm St., S. F.
FKUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
kAUTIKUL"FRuiTVALE. ~ "~ '
We have 6 elegant c ottages for sale cheap and
on terms to suit purchasers; piicefiom $800 tv
#1 On; buy a borne in this growing suburb. Ap-
ply to BASSKTT BROS., Frultvale stat on
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TO RENT OR SALE. WEST BERKELEY—
. ice 6-room bay-window cottage; bath; barn;
windmill: 10.50x250. M, box 19, Call.
m»»^9"rv A NEW AND MODERN 7-ROOM
»JP — _-JvJ. colonial-style bouse; just finished;
electrlo and gas fixtures; coved ceilings; porce-
lain bath; npen-worK plumbing: fine mantel: lot
40x122: el>ctrlc cars pass door 1 block from a
Berkeley local station: this price includes grad-
inc. macadamizing and sewer, etc Can be had
on terms to suit purchaser. Apply immediately
to owner. A. J. .-.NYDKK, 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS FOR
_ the month of June; cheap to responsible i arty.
Apply to 1412 Mllvia St.. Berkeley. _^
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
ToifitVETiircHtAltD^riA^oi'iicics, Kooat*
t) Sri and if, Crocket uuiuuw; wivyuoitt M_*
VS. Han Francisco. Cat. _ S'~vAi'jJ?f.
.IIAKIiI.UJ! L[C_.i.»-i.
The following marriage Hrens'g hay« been
Issued by the County Clerk's office: '
Owen 11. Geotan and Pnullne SchuitE. 29—28.
W. W. Moore Jr. and Lucy E. Murdocic; 28—18.
Charles A. Monroe and Effie Hergstrom, 28— 27.
J. K. O'Brien and Annie O'Brien. 28-2..
■■ Gerald K. Morrison mid Amy K. Lewis. 21 —
Thomas F. Wlseand ElUabeth F. Coyne, 29—22.
Nicholas A. Borland and Maud Roberts. 29—25.
Henry A Powers an: Lottie Campbell. 25 — 19.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
: [Birth, inarrla?* and death notices sent t>r mil 1
will not le inserted. They must be handed In % t
either of the publication offices and be.ndorssrt
with the name and residence* of peraoat aathorltsd
to have tan tame publish* 1. i
"' ' -BORN.'
ATKINSON— In this city, May 1897. to the
wiie of W. Atkinson, a son. . '
BORKMAN— May 16. 1897. to the wife of L. A.
Borkmun. a daughter. ■
CALLAHAN— In this city. May 15. 1897. to the
,-; wife of Joseph T. Callahan. a son.
FLAN AN— In tills city. May 14, 1897. to the
■ wife of Samuel Flanagan, a son. .... , j
HURLEY-In this city, May 14, 1897. to the wife
r" or R. Hurley, a daughter. ■.'" . :.' '.
KEXNEY-Iu this city, at the Potrero, May 13,
1397. to the wife of Michael Kenney. a son. -\ . :
LYNCH— In this city, May 16. 1897. to tbe wife of
. Jonn W. Lynch, a son. :
MITCHKLL-ln ibis city. May 13, 1897, to the
wife of W. S. Mitchell, a daughter.
BICHARDaON— To the wife of James Richard-
'i son, a daughter.' '■ '
BCIILEUTEK— In this city, May ; 8, 1897, to the
, wife of William schleuier, a son. '■
TRACY-In this city. May 17, 1897, to the wife of
. ■ Thomas K. Tracy, anon .... , . . . . - -
31 A lilt IK O.   ..;
ANDKRTON— PALAMOUNTAtN— In this city,
r May 16, 1597, by the Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.D., ■
Richard Henry Anderton of Portola. Pan Mateo
Count cal., and Ida Palamountala" of Saa
Francisco. ; i ? ■ ' . ,
FALK—HASPINGKR— In this ci-y, May 17,1997,
bytneKev. William JJ. RelUv. rector of Hf
Paul's Church.' Charles J. FalK and Juanl:a K.«
daughter of John a. Hassin^er, both of iiono-
lu v: 11. I. -
FETTER— VOSS— March 16, 1897, by E. Llesa,
LoaU Fetter and Helen Voss bom of San Fran-
cisco . :
FRAXKMN- JOHANSSON— In this city. Mar
15, H97, by the Rev. F. F. Jewell. D.1».. Carl
P. * ran <iln of Col.ege Par* and Esther Johans-
son of ■■an Francisco. :' v .. /
HOSKEN-PRESTON-In this city. May 15.
: 1897. by the Rev. W. M. Rellly, rector of bt.
- Paul's Church. Martin iiosken of lirass Va'.ley
; and Ida Preston or San Francisco.
■ ■ .- tJi.si.li. f - *
I'oylcen. J. Adolpli Lanno. Adele
DrUcoll, Jerry McKadden. John
JBrlckson, Swan McHaffle, Mary A. K.
Fay. Lizzie Malonry. John B.
Uudde. Marinus B. Nelson, Bridget '
Hozan, Cornelius J. W. Ni/zola. Francisco .
Holliday. Margaret Rae. Day d R.
Horean, Mary Ratmussen. Rasmus
Jehly. E lz» - - • > Rucker. Mrs. Susau
Joos, Emllie L. Stratton. Alice L. -
Wilson, Charles
;■ •:■-.'.■■,:■: , ' - ■ ■
BOYKEN— In Auburn, Cal., J. Adolph Boyken.
DRI>COLL-In this city. May 17, 1897. Jerry,
beloved son of the lata Jeremiah and Mary
DrlscolL and brother of Mrs. J. Durneen, Mrs.
- J. H. Kelly, Mm. T. O'Brien, Mrs M. J. O'Brien
and Sadie and Henrietta Driscoll, a native of
lowa, a^ud 28 years. ; :
MiT Friends- and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invite.l to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1^45 o'clock p. m.. from bis lace
residence, 53JVa Harrlso:i street, between First
and Second, tti«,ict» to St. Brendan's church tor
services, commencing at. 2 o'clock i: v. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. • •- -•.-. i»
ERICKBON— In this city. May 17. 18 >7. swan,
beloved husband of Emma Ericsson and rather
of Sarah, Edward and August' Ericsson, a ua-
live or Sweden, aged 65 years.
FAY— In this city, May 16.1897. Lizzie, belovet
daughter of Michael and Ellen Fay, and sister of
Mrs. E. J. Hedge. Mrs. M. J. I>ougtier:y, Mrs.
Joseph Sullivan and Stephen William J., Ed-
ward J. George H.. Thomas . and Annie Fa/.
..a native of San Francisco, ageJ lit years 2
months and 18 days.
air Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the residencs
or her parents. 3Zt)3 Mission street, thence to su
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church,
streets, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, comment-
in; at 9:30 o'clock a. _ Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. . -- •• - '
GUDDE— In this city. May 15, 1897. Marinus B.
beloved husband of Nellie 'Gudde, a native a
Holland, a;^a 70 years 7 months an I 2 day*.
MS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA i
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from the par-
lors of Gautner _ Gunt— 8 and 10 City ' Hall
square. interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOGAN— In this city. Mar 17,1897, at the resi-
dence of bis parents, 645 Oak street, Cornelius
J. W., beloved sou of: Michael J. and Bessie
Hosan. and brother of Nellie, Julia - Edward,
Katla, Bessie and the late Joan W. Hogan, a na-
tive of Virginia • uy, Nev., aged 14 years and 4
■ months. [Virginia City (.N'ev. ) papers please
copy. I . : ■-■■■: : ' .
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOLLIDAY— In this city. May 15, 1897. Mar-
I garet, beloved wife of the late Jonn' Holliday,
and beloved mother of Mrs. H. McCan'ery and
William. John, Joseph, David and the late Laura
Holiday, a native of London, England, aged 63
years ; . • j : ■ . .. -
JK9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. —  from her iate
residence, 218 Stelner street, iiMooa to sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass will be)
celebrated for the repose of v r soul, commenc-
ing at 30 o'clock— m. interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HORGAN— In this city. May 16, 1897. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Mlcnael J. Horgan, dearly
beloved sister of Mrs. Nora Sullivan, a id aunt
of .Maggie and Mauri •>■ Sullivan, a native of the
parish of Glenmire, County Cork, Ireland, aged
4S years. . •
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fill. invited to attend the funeral THIS ;n,'
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her sister, 986 Howard street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Intermeus
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JEHLY-ln this city, May 17, 1897, Elisa. young-
est and beloved daughter of Louis and Anna
Jehly, and sister of Jennie, Louise, Hattle and
Albert Jehly, a native of San Francisco, aged A
months and 21 days.
JOO9-In this cltv. May 17, 1897. Emllie L.,
youngest and beloved daughter of Martin and
s>opnie Joos, and sister or Alice J. , Charles L.
and Martin A. Joos. a native or I Sail Francises,
aged 7. months and 6 days. '
LANXO-In thliclty, May 14. 1897, Adele Lanno,
a native of German*, aged 57 year*.
ay Remains at the parlors of McAvoy & Gal'
lagher, 20 Fifth street.
McFADDKN— In (his city, May 16. 1H37. John,
beloved husband of the late Catherine McPal-
' den, and uncle of John S. and Kate McFadden,
Patrick Ferry and Mrs. J. Haggerty, a, native of
the parish of Gueiore, County Donegal, Ireland,
. aged 79 .> ears. , = r. ;
jO~Friends and acquaintances are reipect-,
fuily invited to attend the funeral THIS DW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from bis l&t*
residence. 1914 Taylor street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where • a requiem high, mass
■ will be celebrated for the repose or his soul,
commencing at *10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. »j .■ I
McHAFFIE— In this city. May 17, 1897 Mnry
Ann Knox. widow of the late John F. Me Ham-,
and ■ beloved mother of James and John F. Mc-
Haflie, a native of Glaigow, Scotland, age! 72
years.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv Invited to attend the funeral TO- MO It
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. _, from her lata
residence, 29 51 Jackson street, interment pri-
vate.
MALONEY— In Menlo Park, May 1«, 1897. John
is., beloved son of Klchard D. Maloney, and
brother of Katie and Moltie Maloney, a native of
Menlo Park. Cal.. aged 18 yean and 13 days.
WThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:39 o'clock a. _ , from the res -
dence of bis nncie, P. J. Maioner. Menlo Park,
thence to tbe Church of the Nativl;y, Menlo
ParK, where a requiem " ln?ii ' mass will bi
. celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at '10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, Menlo Park.
NELSON— In this city, May 18, 1897. Bridget,
- beloved wife of James Nelson, mother of Jam-*
M.. Jennie L. , Josephine and the late John Ed-
ward Nelson, Mm. S. E. Bullard and Mrs. John
Hughes, and sister or John. Edward and Han-
nah Mack and Mrs. P. Foley, a native of th*
parish of Tralee, County Kerry, Ireland, aged S3
yean 6 months and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend '.he funnral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _. from her late
residence, 275 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Churcn, where a solemn requiem mass will
' be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NIZZOLA— In UU cltr. May 16. 1897. Francisco
Ni/.z ;la, a native of Italy, aged 65 years.
RAE— In Oakland, May 16, 1897, David R., be*
lovet husoand or Mary T. Rae, a na;ive of New
York, aged 53 years.
K9*Frlends and acquaintances urn respeo'-
full.v Invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at - o'clock P.M..
at his late residence, Linda Vista terrace. Oak.
land. Interment private. Please omli flowers.
RaSMUSSEN— In H^ywards, Rasmus Ras-
mii«3«n. a native of Denmark, aged 25 years.
ASTFriends and acquaintances urn respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), to be held under the auspices of
the Danish society Daaia at Mount Eden Ceme-
tery, Hay wards.
RUCKER— In San Jose, May 16, 1897, Mrs.
Susan Rucker beloved mother of .William B. t
James T., Samuel N. and Joseph H. linker. .
Mrs. M. A. Bout wars, Mrs. P. F. Gosbey and
Mrs. Dr. c. A. Wayland, a native of Missouri,
aged 57 years 10 months and 1 day.
: BST Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS DA V
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mm. D.-. C. A. Wayland,
140 North Thirl street. Interment Oak Hill
Cemetery.
STHATTON-In Oakland. May 16, 1897, Alice L..
beloved wife of Frederick a Stratton, aged 38
years 8 months aud 4 days.
47* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at 2 o'clock TUESDAY. May 18, from th*
First Congregational Church, corner Twelfth
and Clay streets. Interment private.
WILSON— In the City and County Hospital. May
17, 1837, Charles Wilson, a ed V 8 years.
I MCAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I "
FUNBRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. ;
A ■:<>■-.. .Telephone South 80.
NOTICE.— THE BUSINESS OF McAVOT
ft GALLAdHrK will be conducted at th«
old stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the tenefll
of the widow of ihe late HKNKY J. GALLAIi-
HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE B. GALLAO
HJh-R. JJKS*. H. J. GALLAGHER. ■
' ANNIE B. OALLAGHKR.
AS. ENGLISH. , "■. T. R. CARS*
CAREW & ENGLISH,
t.NDERTAKER3 AND EMBALMS— *
FUNERAL DIBECXOK3, V: x ".
IP Van" Ness aye.. n«_r __•.«;. 0.., *v *'«nclic»
Telephone >o. 15tS. I
F. ll GUNTZ. i I-'- H. W. GANTNE—
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral : . Directors and —mbalmers. —
Sand 10 CITY —ALL fcyUAKK.
Telephone South 432. ' V— — -
LAUREL HILL
CEHETEKV ASSOCIATION
18 PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALS
Of burial plats and graves in H» cemetery ani
give deeds. ;
I Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at tn*
Superintendent's oSice at the . cemetery, cornet
Bun street and Central avenue, ban Franclsc—
1112
COURTSHIP,
CIGARETTES
AND PESOS
A Second-Hand Account of
the Wooing of
Barillas.
LIKE A PRINCE IN THE
STORY.
Attorney Dimond Relates Miss
Blair's Story of Her
Wrong.
BELIEVED SHE WAS BASELY
DECEIVED.
The Part Ribas Played in the Dram;
of the Coff c Millionaire's
Lovi- Making
With all his pesos and acres of coffee
General Manuel L. Barillas was not a
model Lothario— that i?, of coarse, if one
is disposed to believe the story of his love
making second-banded. He had a habii
of tossing cigarette stumps playfully over
the carpet of his inamorata, when a less
effusive lover would have probably laid
them carefully on the piano to the an
guish of the varnish and the servant girl.
But possibly they do things differently
down in Central America.
But of his geneiosity no criticism can
be made, and in a liberality that scatters
diamonds and ao.ltrs broadcast small de
tails of etiquette in winning hearts may be
legitimately excused. For in the ?quabbie
tbat has arisen between Henry P. Dimond
and Miss Lillian G. Blair, and various
lawyers on either side, there is a unan
imity of opinion on the sabject of the
"general 1 -;" lavish and princely manner
of making presents right and left.
Armando Riba?, who is after Dimond's
gore because the lawyer dare refer to him
as a "hotel runner,"' avows there is no
grander man living than the Guatemalan
ex-President. Attorney Milton S. Eisner
has magnanimously compared the Cen
tral American magnate to the Prince of
Waies.
Attorneys Dimond, Ach and Thornton
aver tnat, as fur as they know, the coffee
NEW TO- DAT.
MEAT
REMNANT SALE.
Crockery, China,
Glassware,
AT ACTUAL
WHOLESALE COST!
Still going on at our many stores,
many rich bargains, such that no
housekeeper wants to miss.
Yellow Earthenware.
Pie Plates, medium Each 5 cts
Bowls, medium Each Sets
Pie Plates, large Each 8 cts
Nappies, large Each 10 cts
Bowls, Each 15 cts
Decorated Earthenware.
Cuspidors, assorted colors Each 15 cts
Cuspidors, new glaze Each 2J cts
Mi.j lica Cuspidors Each '25 cts
' Jardinieres Each 35 cis
Jardinieres and Flower Pots.
Jardinieres, maple, 4-inch Each 25 cts
Jardinieres, maple, 6-inch.... Each 50 cts
Jardinieres, maple. 9-inch Each $150
Glassware.
Tumblers Each 21/2 cts
Bud Vases Each Sets
Lemonade Cups Each 6 cts
Hauclle.l Olive Dishes Each 6 cis
Spoon Tray Each 7 c:s
Bouquet HoMers Each 10 cts
Water Pitcher Eaca 25 cis
Tea Set Wet 25 cts
Bohemian Chinaware.
Very Pretty Decoration.
Toothpick Holder Each 3 cts
Cream Pitcher Each A eti
Alter-Dinner < up and Saucer. Each 8 cis
Cream Pitcher Each 8 cts
TeaPoi stands Each 10 cis
Mugs. Each 10 cs
Cup, s-aucer and Plate. r»et j2 cis
Cup and -aucer Each 15 cts
Candlestick Each 15 cts
Sugar and cream Set Set 15 cis
Alter Dinner Cup and Saucer .Each 15 cts
Butter Dish Each 25 c-»
Sugar and Cream Set Each 25 cts
Cup, ■ aucer and Plate Set "5 cts
Cuspidors Each 29 us
Nut. tow' : Each 35 cis
Cuspidors Eah 35 cv
Cup ami Saucer Kach 35 cv
Cup and Saucer, mustache. Each :-5 cis
CuspUors Eacn 40 <ti
Chocolate Pot Each 55 cts
Cuspidors. Each 65 cts
Cabarets Each 60 cts
Tea bet - et 60 ctn
Toy Tea Sets Set b5 cts
Tea Sew Ses 90 rts
Cabarets..... Each 85 c s
Cabarets Each 95 cis
(ienuine Delft China.
Tootbpick Holders Each 10 cts
Slugs. Each 12 cts
Pin Trays Each 12 cv
Ash Tra.s, assorted hacli 18 cts
Jewel Trays Eacn IS iv
Olive Trays assorted Each 20 cis
Cream Pitcher Each YH cts
Cups and Saucers Each 28 cts
riat s, i>e-ser: Each 28 cts
Plates. Tea Eacn 3^ cts
Jnk Wells, assorted Each 35 eta
Plaques Each 35 cis
Cops and Saucers Each 38 cts
Plates, Break last Each 38 cv
Platt-B, Cake Each 62 c'«
Plaques. „ Each 65 cts
Great AmencaalmportiDa Tea Ci
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 2008 Fill more st.
146 Ninth st. 300 Sixteenth St.
617 Kearny st. 2510 Mission st.
1419 Polk st. 521 Montgomery aye.
218 Third st. 1819 Devisnderost.
3285 Mission st. 1130 Kentucky st.,
705 Larkin st. Potrero.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth St.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
Every Article bears the name of the Maker,
which is proof of the Superior Quality of
Our Wares.
baron is a true blue millionaire. Miss
Blair, her sister and her mother liave only
bouquets of good things for the man who
befriended them. The only hitch seems
to be that Barillas is out of reach of sub
pena or attachments, and the only bone
left for the lawyers to growl over is the
relic of his heart-breaking amours in this
City. "Alas and alack » uay, were he only
here now," is the only dirge all hands are
singing.
The case has resolved itself into a sort
of smoking out affair, a still hunt for a
fibber, and each side is out for a vindica
tion at the bands of the public. Di
mond and bis lawyers declare Miss
Blair has eiven them the "double cross,"
and Milton Eisner and Louis Hirach talk
darkly of n blackmailing conspiracy.
The affidavit period has been reached.
Dimond got first inning yesterday and
told many of the details of the wooing of
Barillas by means of an interpreter and a
dictionary. Of course the lawyer was
only reciting the narrative as he declared
he bad beard it from Miss Blair.
The deposition was made in the law
offices of Reinstein & Eisner, and all par
ties except Louis Hirsch had foregathered
to hear it. Miss Blair, her sister, Mrs.
Mamie Phillips, and her mother, Mrs.
Blair, supported Attorney Eisner, who
played tne part of cross-examiner. At
torneys Crittendon, Thornton and Henry
Ach flanked Dimond, and Attorney
Metzer acted as Mentor to Eisner. A
peppery politeness pervaded the room.
The lawyers countered and fenced with
chile con came circumspectness.
Once they disagreed on the meaning of
the word "Mrs." as used on an envelope
the millionaire had sent to Mrs. Blair.
Attorney Dimond, who wa< reading the
letter to the shorthand report°r as an ex
hibit, called it "Mistress." Eisner would
not have it this way at all. It was
"Missus," and he vigorously objected to
such misinterpretation of any records.
They fought it out on "Mistress" and
"Missus" until the referee called for a
dictionary.
Dimond was, of course, justifying his
action in bringing a suit for $10,000 against
Miss Biair; not that he expects any judg
ment for his pains; he is simply, he says,
exposing the perfidy of the young woman,
and Eisner in turn declares he is going to
expose Dimond. Everybody courts the
fullest investigation excepting Miss Blair.
But the lawyers will not permit her to be
the mummy at the feast. She is going to
have the star's place in the drama, no odds
how the wind-up comes. For was it not
she that the Central American laid siege
to, and, after all, that's the pith of tiie
story, let the attorneys caterwaul as they
will.'
Matters were opened by Dimond recit
ing that t>e was bor» in Keofeuk, lowa,
studied law in San Jose, incorporated a
vapor-engine company, became a partner
with Barclay Henley and finally went it
alone about two years ago. Dr. E. F.
Perrault introduced him to Miss Blair and
Mrs. Phillips last Derember, and then for
the first time the lawyer declared that he
tieard the story of Barillas' wooing and
heartbreaking. As he got it from the
woman's own lips it was something in
this wise:
Some time last June Ribas ap
proached the cashier's kiosk m Gnnst's
cigar-'toie under the Baldwin Hotel and
akked Miss Blair's permission to introduce
his friend, General Barillas, to her. The
introduction followed, so nil flowers and
bouquets. The Guatemalan was an ar
dent lover. Two weeks trom that time he
invited her to the Delrnonico restaurant
to dinner, and in the course of the feast
declared his passion and asked her to be
come his wife, or rather Ribas d.id, which
was the same thing, for Barillas couldn't
speak English and Miss Blair was at sea
in Spanish. Ribat was mutual translator
of the feelings of the lovers, and after
champagne it was arranged that the wooer
and his interpreter should call next day
and make peace witti the mother of the
tnmcee. Mrs. Blair had just returned from
Usiab and at first was no; inclined to look
with favor on ttio turn affairs had taken,
but alter hearing Rib.is she was won over
to the cause and congratulations, tears
and a blessing followed.
Eisner was for details and be wanted to
hear every word that had passed between
Dimond and Miss Blair in Perrault's
office. Dimond went over his narrative
step by step. At his first interview with
Miss Blair and her sister, they produced
the evidence of Barillas' protestations of
love in the shape ot forty-eight letters,
half Eiglish, hali Spanish, and seven
photographs. These Dimond duly pro
duced and Eisner demanded them. Ach.
however, superciliously exacted a promise
that they would be returned. Everybody
seemed suspicious, and in the end Dimond
resolved to hang on lo these exhibits, and
contented himself with expressing bis
willingness to r«ad thoir contents into the
record.
These little difficulties temporarily ad
ju ted, Dimond went back to the thread
of his narrative. He did not like the
look of the case at first, but afier he had
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1897.
digested some of the letters he came to
the conclusion that Miss Blair had a
cause of action. On a second interview he
accepted the case, on a contingent fee of
one-half the damages obtained.
Ribas was not a persona j.rata in the
courtship, notwithstanding his useful
ness as interpreter, accor-iing to Dimond.
Miss Biair, so the lawyer said, spoke of
him nurinir the interview as "that dirty
old Ribas," and subsequently Miss Blair
referred to him as a "-nake in the grass"
and a devil. When the expected remit
tances from Barillas during his trip to
Europe failed to arrive, Dimond declared
the Blair family intimated that Ribas was
pocketing the money intended lor them.
But Ribas had his uses.
When the general wanted a nice dinner
the interpreter was commissioned to order
it at the Palace Hotel and see that it
reacned the Blair home. And when that
Deimonioo dinner was over Ribas trans
lated the feelings of the Central American
in this way : "He admires you; he is very
much in iove wiih you and desires to
make you his wife." At least that was
how Dimond declared Miss Blair said it
was dont».
Mi>s Biair kept company with Barillas
from June to August, when the coffee
baron left for Europe. Then came rumors
to her of "another girl," and then it began
to dawn upon i.er that sho had been de
serted.
Eisner asked Dimond if Miss Blair had
not told him sue kiew that Barillas was
married.
"Sue did not," was the reply. "She
told me she believpd him a widower. He
had once pulled out a letter at the dinner
table, which he said was from his daugh
ter After that she never referred to his
domestic life, believing him, so she said,
to be a widower. She wished to keep their
engagement a secret, if possible, and only
two or three relatives knew of it. A
young lieutenant, who was calling on her,
"broached the matter one night."
Dimond went again to the beginning of
his tale. At his first interview with Miss
Blair, brought about by i)r. Perrault, who
was by the way his regular physician, he
learned that Barillas had betrayed her, in
addition to promising to marry her. He
had given her $UOO on his departure to
Europe, as well as a credit at the White
House and City of Paris.
'• 'This dress is a p-esent from him,' she
said," continued Dimond. 'He bougtn
her a sealskin sacque at Liebes', worth
The Four Cen.ral Figures in th: Echo of Gnrral Eaibs' Wooing of a Gjjar-Stcre Cashier.
$3GO. Bhe spoke of the general lit- f
terine her carpets with cigarette stumps I
after a dinner downtown. Again she re
ferred to his leaving her house in tears
and almost falling down the steps into
the hands of a hackman. I believed that
she was a wroneed woman. I marveled
that Barillas was big enough fool to put
himself in black and white, wnen 1 read
the letters she gave me."
"Did you ask Miss Blair if she had |
isked Mr. Gunst if Barillas was a married
man?"
"She did not. She referred me to Gunst
a* h reference and he told me she was an
innocent girl. Bne told me that the boys
at the cigar-store 'joshed' her about her
acquaintance with the general, but as she
w;is a favored employe she soon shut them
up."
"You knew that Miss Blair, as cashier
in a cigar-store, was in the habit of meet
ing meh of the world? Did it not strike
you as peculiar that she would not learn
that Barillas was married in some way? 1 '
"No and yes," answered D.mond. "I
believed these people lived a secluded life.
I realized that they were in straitened
circumstances— they told me they worked
in cigar-stores and restaurants for $15 a
week— lnat their social station was not
such as to brine them into contact with
men nf the world."
And thus Dimond continued. He told
of stories of dinners a». the Palace and
rides to Peralta School, where the general
had paid for a year's schooling for Miss
Blair's brother. Miss B:air, so Dimonn
said, believed Barillas worth $15,000,000.
and it was first proposed to sue for $250.
--000 damages on a double charge of breacti
of promise and betrayal. The particulars
of the division of the damages followed.
A few days* prior to his return from
Europa Miss Blair sent her lover a gold
match b«x, which he failed to receive.
The present was returned to the giver by
the postoffice authorities, and at the con
clusion of the proceeding* Dimond pro
duced it as one of hi* exhibits. At Miss
Blair's request it was returned to her.
Inside the box was a card upon which the
young woman had inscribed her love for
the Guatemalan in this wise:
Mi Manuel, mi vida, mi alma, Jii predilccto,
acceptor este en senal, de en .Pruoba dp amor
despuses. Proprio, Lillian.
Attorney Thornton was ungallant
enough to say that Miss Blair had re
course to a dictionary to produce this
effusion. Tlie word "acceptor," he said,
should b« "acceptador" and the transla
tion would then be in this wise:
My Manuel, my life, my soul, my beloved
fiancee, this is a sign of in proof of love besides.
Thine own, Lillian.
Attorney Dimond said that an agree
ment had at one time been reached to
compromise for $20,000 on tne principle
that half a loaf is better than none.
Barillas had no property that could be
levied on and there might be difficulty in
collecting a large judgment.
The deposition will be continued at 1
o'clock this afternoon.
A "Society" Story Off and Out.
One of the bits of gossip related to this
juicy scandal which floated about yester
day came from the reminiscent tongue of
an old and well-known newpaper man of
the Rialto. He knew Dr. Cranz, the en
terprisin? dentist in the case, and the
doctor cheerily told him one day that he
would bare a good story to give him soon.
it was to be about the coming marriage
of a beautiful San Francisco girl and one
of the wealthy planters of Central
America. No names were mentioned.
This was about last November, according
to this part of the gossip — while the den
tist knew the planter vaguely as "Manuel"
and before Miss Blair had so thought
lessly aud so very unfortunately whipped
out her watch in the dentist's chair and
displayed the picture of Barillas, wnich
Dr. Cranz recognized. The newspaper
man thought that he merely had a nice
society story in pickle and waited for de
velopments.
Some weeks later, at a time which now
seems to be after the timepiece revelation,
the newspaper man met Dr. Cranz on the
street and said, "Well. Doc, how about
that big wedding story?"
"Oh, that's all off,'' said the dentist
with a gesture of indifference, "it's all off.
Nothing is going to come of it after all, 1
rjuess. ''
Now this "society" story is out at last.
MEMORIAL DAY.
Preparation » for Its Elaborate Celebra
tion by G. H. Thomas Post.
The Memorial day committee of George
H. Thomas Post No. 2, Grand Army of
the Republic, has nearly completed ar
rangements for proper observance of the
day at the National Cemetery of the Pre
sidio. The parade will embrace, in addi
tion to Thomas Post, Garfieid Post, Cass
Post, Meade Post, Liberty Post and Ad
mira! Porter Post, the crack post of Oak
land, the Sons of the American Revolu
tion, Associated Veterans of the Mexican
War, Sons of Veterans, children of the
public schools and other organizations.
The escort will ba the First Regiment of
Infantry, N. G. C; the First United States
Infantry, Colonel Evan Miles command
ing; Brigadier-General R. H. WarfieM and
stall, Major-General James and staff. Gov
ernor James H. Budd and staff and Gen
eral W. R. Shafter and staff.
The exercises at the plat will be of a
most superior order, comprising music by
the First United States Infantry band;
vocal music by the Knickerbocker Quar
tet; reading of Lincoln's Gettysburg ad
dress by Hoi brook Blinn ; oration by Gen
eral N. P. Chipman, department com
mander; strewing of tne graves by the
Grand Army of the R* public.
Tne preparations are in charge of the
following committee: Colonel John C.
Currier (chairman), Horace Wilson (sec
retary), F. L. Turpin, Colonel \V. L. Smed
berg ana Chas. H. Blinn; president of the
day, Capfnin John Tittle; grand marshal,
Colonel George Stone; chaplain, Rev. J.
A. Cruzan.
The parade will move from Union-street
railroad station, in the Presidio grounds,
at 10 :30 a. m.
DIRIGO IS SAFE IN PORT.
The Bie; Four-Master Arrived
Last Night Almost a Month
Overdue.
A Few Days Ago 20 Per Cant Rii •
surance Was Paid on Hrr
Be avert by Calms.
Arthur Sewell's big four-masted steel
ship Dirieo is riding safely at anchor in
the bay off the foot of Valie jo-street wharf.
The vessel had been given up ior lost, be
ing twenty or thirty days overdue, but a*
the underwriters were willinc to gamble
on her fate 20 per cent reinsurance was
paid on her in Liverpool a lew days ago.
Prior to her arriyal in this Dort last
evening the last sesn of the Dirigo
was in latitude 56 deg. south, 6t deg.
west, when she was passed by the British
ship Howth. The Howth arrived here
thirty days ago, and as her captain told a
gtory of a terrific hurricane he encoun
tered rounding the Horn, it was pre
sumed that the Dirigo foundered in that
storm.
"I see no reason why much uneasiness
should have been entertained over the
fate of the Dirigo," said E. S. Elwell, first
mate of the vessel, last night. "Ii this
season of the year 150 days is a fast pas
sage for a sailing-ship from New York,
and we were out 172 days. For a trip
around tne Horn our voyage was un
eventful.
•'Shortly before we reached the Horn on
the Atlantic side the first accident of the
trip occurred. John Leonard, a sailor,
fell from the topgallant halliards to i
the deck ana fractured bis skull. He
was carefully treated by Dr. Haig ol
Boson, vtrbo is traveling on the Dirigo for
his health, but he died in a few days and
we buried him at sea. A few days after
Leonard's death we ran into the storm
encountered by the Howth.
"For three days the hurricane raged and
we were frequently on our beam ends.
The cargo ol merchandise and railroad
Iron shifted, and it took twa days to trim
it We lost several sails, but no serious
damage to the vessel resulted. When the
eale subsided we were left with hardly
enough wind to fill our sails, and that
condition of affairs prevailed during the
rest of the frip."
MORTON SPECIAL DELIVERY.
Baggage transferred to trains, steamers, etc
Also moved in the city.
Furniture moved; estimates furnished.
Freignt transferred and shipped.
408 Taylor street nod 050 Market street.
Telephone Main 10. *
OVER THE TRAIL
OF A TRAGEDY
Gov. Budd Visits the Place
Where Blanche Lamont
Was Murdered.
Guided by Chief Lees, He As
cends to the Belfry of
Emmanuel Church.
A Visit Paid to Mrs. Caroline Leake,
Who Was an Important Wit
ness in the Trial.
Governor Budd, recognizing that execu
tive clemency alone can save Durrant
from the gallows, is making a thorough
study of the Emmanuel Church tragedy.
It is not unusual for a Governor to review
the testimony and proceedings of a mur
der trial when he holds the life of a con
demned man in his hands, but lawyers
note that it is a departure Irom the usual
custom in California for a Governor to
travel over the scene of crime with the
police detectives, interview witnesses and
talk to the lawyers in the case.
Governor Budd is doing all this in open
daylight, to satisfy his own conscience,
perhaps, and to convince the people that
his action, when taken, whatever it may
be, was founded on an intelligent and
careful consideration of tne case. It is
the rule for the judicial branch of the
Government to determine by proceeding!
in court tbe guilt or innocence of one ac
cused and for the executive branch to ex
tend mercy ii it can be extended without
detriment to the cause of justice.
Yesterday forenoon the Governor went
to the City Hall and there met Chief Lee*.
The two went in a buggy to Eruruaiiuei
Church. Others joined the party at the
church, among them District Attorney W.
S. Barnes; Euaene Deuprey, counsel for
Theodore Durrant; Rev. J. George Gib
son, pastor, and Mr. Taber. a trustee oi
the churcb. Detective Seymour was on
the premises when the Governor and
Chief arrived.
Mr. Deuprey was not apprised by the
Governor or Chiaf of Police of the proposed
visit, and therefore joined the party on
his own motion. He observed that the
Governor was diligent and thorough in his
inspection of the scene, and noted also
that the Chief Executive talked but little
beyond asking questions.
When Chief Lees saw the reporters at
the church he expressed surprise and
leigned indignation. He is quoted as
having made the remark that the report
ers had no business there.
I'a.-stor Gibson was in bis study when
the delegation visited the church, but be
preferred to remain in tne seclusion which
his study grants.
Immediately after the party entered the
churcb and barred the door a btart was
mado for the belfry. They first went to
the library on tbe first floor, where Dur
rant, according to tbe theory of the detec
tives, murdered the girl. The Governor
paused to make a thorough investigation.
District Attorney Barnes explained tbe
route to the executive.
The party then proceeded to the audi
torium. Chief Lacs leading the way to the
gallery and up the stairs, where it is sup
posed the body of the murdered girl was
dragged. Here the Governor halted to ob
serve everything and listen to Chief Lees.
By this time District Attorney Barnes
had "bellows to mend" and Chief Lees
was obliged to do most of the talking.
Meanwhile Detective Saymour remained
downstairs to guard the door. At the
landing where the body of the girl was
found, the Chief of Police told the Chief
Executive how the murderer had disposed
of the victim. From the landing the
route which Durrant is supposed to have
pursued was followed. The climbers
climbed to tbe top of the belfry. They
went ov r the ceiling and over the rafters
to the top of the sun-burners which fig
ured in the trial.
Then they wended their way to the rear
of tbe church, down the stairs and into
the Sunday-school room, where George
King, the organist, was playing the piano
when Durrant entered the room and ac
counted for his abrupt appearance by
saying that be was repairing the gas
fixtures. The Governor here paused a
long time and reflected. Chief Lees then
began at the beginning and told the story
over again, refreshing the Governor's
mind wittx details upon details.
After an hour's investigation inside the
parly emerged from tbe church and all
save Mr. Barnes went across the street,
where Mrs. Caroline Leake resides. The
District Attorney was too much exhausted
to go further.
Governor Budd was anxious to talk face
to face with Mrs. Leake for the reason
that she is the witness who swore posi
tively that she saw Theodore Durrant and
Blanche Lamont enter the side gate of the
, church ou the afternoon that tbe girl was
KEW TO-DAT-DRT v^^^~-
I THE MAZE'S
I CLOSING OUT |
f Retirin£fromßiisinessSate|
X TO-ID^L^" S J±. 3^. X
X — —^«€5K— 2
■£ We began our business in a truthful
*& and honorable manner and we'll close it
* likewise. We are retiring from busi=
J ness and to sell the stock as quickly as
!$f possible have marked down every arti=
jj* cle to a price that will sell it. We closed jij
* two days to do this and engaged 100
4?' extra salespeople, and the thousands of -&
|i people who have so far attended the
4* sale will bear out the assertion that this 4*
*■■ is the most orderly, best managed and 'M
j|i- biggest bargain sale that was ever held
<#* in San Francisco. We are getting 4&
$■ through with business in San Francisco *
iji and our only aim now is to sell our
4* stock and fixtures and sublet the store. 4*
X We have always treated you in a just X
9 and upright way, and when we leave O
X San Francisco we want to take your X
X good opinion and kind wishes with us. A
v Our determination to quit business is y
X decisive and final, and as soon as our X
X stock is sold down low enough we'll X
9 close the doors of THE MAZE forever. #
X Don't buy anything you don't want, for X
X we won't exchange anything once it X
X has left our possession.
MARKET Tor. TAYLOR AM COLDE.Y CITE A YE.
la9t seen alive. The Governor asked Mrs-
Leake several questions and then went to
the window to rind ont for himself if one
could distinctly -cc the eateway from the
window of the Leake residence.
Mrs. Leake reiterated her statement
that she had told the truth and the Gov
ernor seemed to be deeply impressed by
her assertions.
From Mrs. Leake's house Governor
Budu, accompanied by the Chief of Police,
went to Mrs. Crossett's bouse at Twe:»ty
tifth street and Ban Jose avenue. Mrs.
Crossett wns a witness at the trial. She
rode on a Valencia-street car with Durrant
and Miss Lnmont.
The Governor intends to investigate still
urther. With all the facts and theories
in his mind he will study the case and say
after careful deliberation whether the law
shall take itscouise or executive clemency
be interposed.
DIVORCE DENIED.
Judge ITnnt Refimrs to Separate Isa
bella and Richard Williams.
Judge Hunt yesterday handed down a
decision in the divorce case of Isabella N.
Williams against Richard S. Williams,
which was a surprise and disappointmeui
to both parties to tho litigation.
Mrs. "Williams sued for a divorce on the
ground of cruelty, and proved that her
husband had been extremely cruel at dif
ferent times. He Oled a cross-complaint,
demanding a divorce on similar grounds
of cruelty.
In tbe course of the trial it was shown
that Mrs. Williams drew a pistol and tried
;o shoot her husband on a streetcar, and
tnat she said she was sorry she failed to
kill him.
The court weighed all the facts, aud
finding that both had been at fault ae
cided that neither is entitled to a divorce,
and so they must continue in their rela
tion of husband and wife, no matter how
irKsome the yoke may be.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Annual Session of the Supreme Circle
of California.
The first session of the Supreme Circle of
the Companions of the Forest was held yester
day in Social Hall, Foresters' building. There
were present fifty-two delegates and nil the
supreme officers, Supreme Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Sarah Beversen in tne chair.
The committee on credentials presented Its
report, after which the reports of the supreme
grand chief companion, Supreme Grand Sec
retary Mrs. Florence N. Morrow, Supreme
Grand Treasurer Mrs. K. E. Falconer and the
supreme grand auditors were presented.
From these it appears that there is a member
ship of 1700— a decrease since the previous
session, but that there is an increase in the
funds.
As a result of the trouble which occurred at
Ukiah at the previous session charges were
preferred against Mrs. Annie Boehm and R.
»V. McLennan, and after thai they were fined
$500 each and expelled from the order. Yes
lerday it was stated that the ruling in the
case was a just one, as "a war measure," but
the judgment, was considered too severe. The
judgment was set aside by a majority vote.
Tuere were many amendments to the con
stitution. The most important was that in
lEW TO-PAT.
It Valiantly Stands
• Dr. Miles' Restorative t< T m.
Nervine has stood the 3 f|G I PST,
test of years of the most 7 T
exhaustive triels. It gives vitality and in- :
creased vigor. It dispels that weary sleepless-
ness and induces refreshing rest. ,It makes
the weak invalid strong and well. It has
,w on its ! grand > reputation by successful re-
sults.' , Its ; record !of j" sic*: people restored to
health is not equaled. ; It Is the prescription
of Dr. Miles, the greatest specialist in heart
■^ ! _ -'.V _ and nerve 7 diseases.
Ill* IVIiIAQ For sale by all drug-
*** • '" ■■ ■, V^ ; gists under guarantee
to benefit. Book on 11 •
heart and nerves free |\j #& f*\f 1 11 0
by addressing the : .:.. ■. 1 ,!"".'-'T "'*?■?
; ; DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Eikbart, Ind.
subordinate circles seven instead of nine sha'.l
te a quorum.
In the evening Loyal Circle, by invitation,
exemplified the new ritual, and Snerwood nna
Minerva circles were present by invitation to
witness the work.
The Supreme Circle will be in session to-day
and in the evening there will be a banquet
tendered to the delegates.
A Wife- Beater Kicked.
W. H. Bradley, 1747 Minna street, was taken
to the Receiving Hospital yesterday afternoon
with his nose broken and his eye and cheek
bruised and swollen. He said he whs asleep
in his house when a man walked all over him
and kicked him on the face. He had beaten
his wife a few days ago and he thought it
might have been one of the neighbors, who
wanted to retaliate upon him for beating his
wife.
Does Any One Know Him?
The Morgue officials have found the name
"J. Striging" or ••Strlzing" and the initials
"F. G." marfced on the shirt of the unknown
man who dropped dead last Sunday night iv a
house in St. Marys street.
Pleaded Guilty.
Richard Morse pleaded guilty in United
States District Judge Morrow's court yester
day morning to a charee of forging a postal
note. Morse will be sentenced to-morrow. Ha
is only 18 years o'.d.
HEW TO-DAr. '. : :^- :
♦•••••••••■it***************
I To Strike It Richie J
£ to discover a spring; of J
* health, a mine of wealth, ' *
* to let a flood of sunshine *
£ into your mind '& '£• Jt> J
* Call for |
I Blatz !
* *
* The Star T> _^ ._ J
{ Milwaukee r^f^f-*f* }
* *
* ; :."v . '':?■■% v^ii--~.'- *
J A continual round of J
* pleasure and a constant *
* benefit to your family, if ' *
J you make it ycur home . *
* companion. j> &J> & *
* VAL BLATZ BREWING CO. J
{ Milwaukee, Wis., li. S. A. J
* LOUIS CAHEtN & SON, J
J Wholesale Dealers, *
* 416-418 Sacramento St. . *
* .-.: v --. ; ■■...- ; - ■■'- *
••••••••••••••••••••••ft****
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
wjfp AT Properly prepared anil
l\/l HMX I promptly served/ can
IV I I JiiL/ always be obtained in
i THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T"> AT A /^T7
Most Popular HA I . Al,h
Dining Apart- * ■» *■*-'■* 1
ment in town. ■aBaBBBSSBBBaanaaHKii
<><><><H>oo-0-o<><>o-0
Baja California :
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWEKKCL -APHi-.ODISIAC A.\T>
J. specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organ i
of both sexes, and it great remedy for diseases >;
the kidneys and bladder. A ' great Kesioratt va,
lnvlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own HerUt;
colons-winded testimonials necessary. .
NAI>KK. & BKUNt, A B ent«,
33«* Market St., b. I'.-^ead tor Circular)