VOLUME LXixi.-NO. 91.
WHAT OBJECTION
CAN BE RAISED
TO THIS BILL?
Bribery Not Needed to Pass
Such a Good Measure
as No. 273.
"EXAMINER" MUD ALL IN VAIN.
A In Calling Hearst's Faking Journal to Account
for Its Falsehoods Legislators Will
Show That the New Law Will
Benefit All Litigants*
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 28.— As time goes on the indignation of members cf
the Assembly increases more and 'more over the charge made by the Examiner that
there was not a shadow of a doubt that membersof the Senate and Assembly had been
bribed. The members of the lower house realize 0 that the Senators have been nit
harder than they. .. . . .° , \„. ' •'■•'" -•". •*;•.!:* ' ': ;
The Caminetti bill passed the upper bouse by a majority, while it" went through
the Assembly by a unanimous vote. They ° say th-at the libel is a very clumsy, fake : .
and they *sk whether any one would imagine tnat Aivinza -Hay ward or his friend,
George W. Baker, would be foolish enough to buy a unanimous vote on a bill when a
bare majority would be sufficient. The fact that the vote ia the Assembly was
unanimous is of itseif, they say, the best proof of the falsity of the charge. * They say ;
also that if there is "not the shadow of a doubt" in the mind of the Examiner th»t
legislators were bribed, the Examiner should have mentioned the names of the guilty
oni's and not have smeared wiih the vileness of the charge the innocent as well as the
suilty. This is what makes the libel more atrocious, and this is what may induce the
Legisla'ure to amend the libel law so as to embrace within its iron grip the new jour
nalisra which is inflicting new disgrace upon California. o . - = .'
Charges of bribery and iawbreakine, say some of the members, come with .very,
bad grace, indeed, from a newspaper which nearly eveiy. week violates the law by ad
vertising lotteries and lottery drawings, and'they say fnrther that this latest.calnmny
may b_- the incentive for bringing up the manager? of the Examiner with a round tuni"
on criminal charges. Caminetti, leader of the Democratic minority and author of
the bill, fumed and chafed all day. . He spent most of h:s time in t&e State library
consulting authorities as to the merits of.'his bill, and preparing data for the question
of privilege to which he intends to rise to-morrow mornine , He proposes to ask the
Governor to set a time at which he 'may .have 5 a hearing, and he will \ notify the I
X; aiiiirjT to be represented at the hewiaij'by : its attoi^iflys and Id »Sw»w cause, tf tHey I
can, why the-bill should be termed a bad one. ;He proposes" to'sh'bw that it is good !
law, that a litigant whose house and home and • very means of livelihood may < be at
stake has a rignt to be tried before a Judge as unbiased as each one of the jarie3 is i
required to be. The law provides that the defendant in a criminal trial may be tried
before an unprejudiced Judge, but it makes no provision for equal protection in civil
cases.
'If every Judge in a civil cas»," added Caminetti, "had the decency to transfer the
matter to some other department of the Superior Court when he knew that he would
b» unfitted to sit as a juror, there woulo. be no necessity for the bill which I presented,
but experience has shown that some Judges are not decent Referring to the charge
of brib-ry, I will say that I had so much confidence in the justice of the Dill that I did
not ask a member to vote for it, and it passed unanimously. It is charged also that
this bill was gotten up to fit the Hale & Norcross suit. That is not true. While it
may have application in that as well as other case?, f will say that there never yet was
a bill framed that couid not be said to fit some particular case. The Judiciary Com
mittee, composed of lawyers — men of learning and standing in the community — passed
upon the bill and declared that|it was a just one. Ido not wish to say anything more
about this slander. What I have to ada will be uttered on the floor of the House, and
before tne Governor in the presence of the Examiner's attorneys, if they send any."
The indignation of the Assembly will be louJly voiced to-morrow. Whether it
will go so far as to exclude from the floor the representatives of the copyrighted fake
journal remains to be seen. Even bets are being offered on tne outside that the legis
lators are in too much fear of the unscrupulous sheet to go that far. But to-morrow
will determine that fact.
FAKERS MUST ANSWER.
Legislators Will Appoint a Commis
sion and Compel Hearst's Mud-
Throwers to Talk.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. Before I
many days Long Green Lawrence, man- !
r.eing faker of the monarch of the fakers, j
will have to 1 divulge the author of the j
fake which attempted to cast a cloud on |
the reputations of members of the Legis
lature, or be will have to communicate
with his friends through the bars of a
prison ceil.
Despite its cowardly attempt to avoid
Ihe responsiDility of having aspersed the
i characters of irreproachable legislators,
lie members leel it a duty to take *uch
laction as will compel tbe Examiner to j
V-'bstantiate its charges of bribery or take j
ftie consequences, and the consequences
will neither benight nor uncertain.
Senator Morehouse, who was, the only
member of the Senate on Saturday who i
apparently had the quick perception to j
comprehend in their full enormity the
serious charges mude by the "new jour
nal" faker and the courage to hurl back
the falsehoods contained therein in the |
teeth of the traducsr, feels that the honor ■
not only of each member sought to be I
s-mircbed but of the whole Senate ns a |
body is involved, and to-morrow will in
troduce the following significant resolu
tion: r • ...'■;■-
Whereas, An article appeared in the San
[ Kraucisco Dally Examiner., a newspaper pub
lished in the City and County of Stn Fran
° liitco, Stnte of California, and circulated over
tbe State of California and over various States
of ihc United States and elsewhere, which
said article so printed and Dublished and cir- !
'■J'ated is in the words aud figures following j
[here follows the article, heiid arid nil as j
printed in the Examiner]; and, whereas, the i
"bore cited words- la said article so printed,
vubluhed and circulated directly charge cor- i
Uon of the gravest character for the pur- j
io->e oi influencing the action of this Senate; ]
and w hereas, it is specifically -'charged that
iK rt;e Mimir of money have been received by the j
"'•nibersof this body, and which said mem- j
Uyrs are not specifically named, bnt leaving |
I he '■ a|>re>siou and intending to leave the Jin
'osslon tnd charging and intending to
l-^rKe that each, every and all the members
",1. llis Senaie who voted for AssemLly bill No. J
I *<3, amending Section 170 of the Code of Civil
procedure of this s ate. had been paid and
took "J?,*; received money amounting In sums
roni w,O t0 Fjoo ench for voting for said As
sembly bm Ko . 273 . and, whereas, the Bftld
C " argeB "i every grave and of a serious char
acter, «nd rettectin upon the entire Senate,
«nd *ere D ade Bn<l pubiighed as aforesaid,
and are of BU ch character as to ren
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
der it proper that this Senate should
institute an inquiry respecting the said
charges, and the evidence, if any, upon which
they are tinned, and the person or persons who
circulated, gave or reported the stntements, if
any, upon which the article was based and the
author, editor, printer, writer or person who
wrote or earned to be written or published or
caused to be publisned the said charges, and
all the facts connected therewith or relating
thereto, to the end that the guilt may be ex
posed and punished, whether it be found to be
oa the quality of legislative bribery and cor
ruption or willful and malicious public slan
der. Be it, therefore,
Rerolved. That a committee of three be forth
with appointed and tint said committee be,
and H is hereby authorized and empowered to
do any and all things necessary to make a
full and complete investigation of the matters
contained herein above enumerated, and to
that end to employ all necessary clerical as
sistance, and that said committee be, and It
hereby is, authorized and empowered to Bend
for persons and rmpers, and to take ail neces
sary means to procure the attendance of wlt
nessei and testimony; and the members of
said commi ttee are. aud each of them is, here
by authorized to Administer oaths; and that
all the provisions of article 8, chapter 2, title
1, part 3, of the Political Code of this State,
relative to the attendance ana examim'ion of
witnesses beiore the Legis ature and commit
tees thereof apply to the committee ap
pointed under this resolution; and that the
Sergeant-at-Arms of tbe Senate is hereby auth
orized and directed to serve any and all sub
pena* and orders or other process that may be
issued by the chairman of said committee,
when directed to do so by the said chairman.
This resolution will give the committee
appointed all the powers of a court, even
that of inflicting penalties and punishing
contempt of court. An important prece
dent to the present situation is furnished
int'iecase of D. 0. McCarty, printed in
the Twenty-ninth California Report.
He had charged the Legislature with
bribery in connection with the election of
a United States Senator. He was called
beiore a committee to testify as to who
had paid money or received money in
connection with that matter. He refused
to answer and was sentenced to imprison
ment and lodged in fail* He had a writ of
habeas corpus sworn out in his behalf,
but the Supreme Court held he could not
be released, as the Legislature is the
actual Buprenie Court oi the Btate and
nigher in authority than the regularly
constituted supreme tribunal of the State.
Aiter calling attention to this case,
Senator More ouse, in an interview refer
ring to the Examiner's article, said:
"Here is a charge that members of the
Legislature had been bribed to vote for
this measure and that iv the Assembly
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNLNG, MARCH 1, 1897.
The Great 25-Mile Handicap Bicycle Road-Race Held Over the
San Leandra Triangle Yesterday.
$150 was paid , for each vote and -in r the
Senate from $350 to- $500. The charge is
emphatic : Thousands' of dollars, it *»y»,
have been corruptly r paid— not may ' have
'been* paid or supposed to nave been paid.
Conseauently \ '„* this Legislature ,. cannot
stand by and. foe thus cunrgad, wit:> felony,
for that is what the crime woul i be. And (
rhey further state 'Sort* *vod gorttfwmnn r
has been toiling diligently at the capitol
as a distributor of bribes. 1 Then it says j
•Without ft shadow of doubt members cf
the Assembly and .members of the Senate
were Lribed- to i-upport the bil,' and also
'Several thousand dollars changed hands.' j
"It will thus be seen that the charge
made is positive and certain, and no hon
est man in either branch of the Legisla
ture can afford to permit so serious a
matter to pass unheeded. If it be true
that any member of the Senate or any
member of the Assembly has taken a bribe
for the passage of this measure then the
Legislature owes it to the people of the
State that such member be exposed and
prosecuted and convicted of his crime,
whoever he may be."
"On the other hand, should it be untrue
it is equally the duty of tbe Legislature
to probe tbe matter to tbe bottom so that
it may be shown to the world that news
papers bava no ru'ht to traduce reputable
men by undertaking to break down their
standing and character in the community,
and lor that reason I intend to introduce
a resolution in the S nate to-morrow
morning calling for an investigation com
mittee with lull power to act, such com
mittee to have power to send for wit
nesses and examine and cross-examine
them to learn tbe truth concerning this
matter, and to punish witnesses for con
tempt for not giving testimony concern
ing the matter.
'°1 believe that the members of the Sen
ate are honest, and I do not believe that
any of them have taken a bribe, or have
been approached in a criminal way upon
this matter, or any other during this ses
sion of the Legislature, and I therefore
believe that the other members of the
Senate all feel that they owe it to them
selves — and I believe we all owe it to tbe
State — to conclusively establish the fact
that we are nonest men and ht»ve been
discharging a public duty honestly and
faithfnlly.
"If tbe Examiner is right then it ought
to have the credit of exposing bribery and
corruption, and if it is wrong then it
ought to be, for its course and policy in
this matter, condemned. I shall move
and liodo mat the chair appoint on the
committee members who voted in the neg
ative on tlii-* bill."
It is understood that Morehouse will
have the support of the whole Senate on
his resolution asking for an investigation,
for should any Senator refuse toco-oper
ate in the matter such action might place
him under tbe ban of suspicion.
NO BRIBERY NEEDED.
Laws Governing Minor Litigants
Should Ba Extended to the
Superior Courts.
What is the matter with Assembly Bill
No. 273, now in tLe bands of the Gorer
nor, about which such a storm is attempt
ed to be raised by the Examiner?
Is it possible that a Legislature could be
assembled in California who would have
to be bribed to support a measure so em
inently just as this? From the statement
in the paper referred to, it would *eem
that this was a piece of unprecedented
legislation in ihe interest of some partic
ular case, and this intimation has sug
gested to Thb Call the propriety of ex
amining the statutes of other titates in
order to determine whether the proposed
bill was in the line of existing laws in the
older States or a new departure peculiar to
Calilornia.
Without having time to pursue the in
quiry through all the States, we find the
act amply supported by the statutes of
many States, some of which are to be
found below.
The bill introduced by Mr. Caminetti
re-enacts the existing law and makes this
amendment:
"No Justice, Judge or Justice of 4 the
Peace shall alt or set as snch in any action
or prpceecttne: -';* */.'*,.* r^t ''?' % Z-'y'- ''■
■J_ "4. -When it apnoaro from the affidavit
of 'either party that tie has reason to believe
and does'b?licve>< v ijat /l^ cannot iva-v* a
or Judge about to '_% \y t«o case by re»*oa of
; the prejudice or v bias of such Justice or
Judge; ; ! in either of which cases said Jus;-'
tice or Judge shall fo thwith secure the
services of some otljer Justice or Judge of
the same or an adjoinina; county to pre-*
side at the trial of 'said action; provided
that in actions in the Superior Court of
counties or cities and counties having
more : than one department said actions
shall be transferred to another department
thereof and tried therein in the same
manner as though originally assigned to
such department." i -, , 
The < Dde of; Alabama, volume I, section
2645, provides: "Either parly to a civil
suit may, al any time before the trial,
move the court to change the venue, mak
ing an affidavit that, for cause set forth,
he cannot have a iair and impartial trial
in the county where the suit is pending.
The court may direct a change to the
nearest county free from proper exception
by either party, to be determined by affi
davits."
The revised statutes of Maine, page 696.
section 14, provide: "Any Judge of the
Supreme Judicial Court, whiie holding »
nisi prius term, on motion of either party
sha.l, for cause shown, order the transfer
of any civil action or criminal case pend
ing in said court to the docket thereof in
any oth«;r county lor trial, preserving all
attachments."
Annotated statutes of Colorado, 1891,
section 2624 "a", provide: "When a party
applies for change of venue on account of
the prejudice, interest or relationship of
the Judge, or that tne Judge has been of
counsel for i ither party.it shall be com
petent for the Judge so challenged to set
down the cause for trial on a day fixed,
not exceeding, however, ten days from
the date of application, and he may there
upon call upon one of the other Judges to
try said cause."
Revised Laws of Wisconsin, Volume 11,
page 1497, provide:
"Whenever an application shall be made
in any civil or criminal action or proceed
ing in any Circuit Court for a change of
the place of trial on the ground that the
prejudice of the Judge of the court in
which said action or proceeding is then
triable, such Judge in his discretion may
retain such action or procefding in the
same court without entry of an order to
change the place of trial until the last day
of the then current term, if the applica
tion was made at a term at which the ac
tion or proceeding is triable, or the next
term if it is made in vacation, and in the
meantime shall call upon some other Cir
cuit Judee or Judges to attend and hold
court during such current or next term
for the purpose of trying ali such actions
or proceedings In which application for
change of place ot trial has been made on
account of the prejudice of the Circuit
Judge."
Revised Laws of Indiana, Volume I,
section 416, provide:
"The court in term or the Judge thereof
in vacation shall change the venue of any
civil action upon the application of either
party made upon affidavit showing one or
more of tue following causes: •••>.«
"7. When either party shall make and
file an affidavit of the bias, prejudice or
interest of the Judge before whom said
cause is pending."
Genernl lows of Minnesota, 1895, chap
ter 3C6, provide: "Whenever in any
civil action pending in any D.strict Court
of the State, any party to the action shall,
not less than six days before the first day
of the term at which said action is noticed
for trial, make and file with the presiding
Judcre and serve upon the opposite party,
or his attorney, an affidavit stating that
on account of prejudice or bias of such
presiding Judge, he has good reason to
believe, and does believe, that he cannot
ThC SC&XTtH M£"N WE*€'U#f r OXTUA/AT£ '
have a fair and impartial trial of said
action, said presiding Judge shall forth
with procure the services of some other
Juice oft c same or another district to
preside at the trial of said action, and
said action shall be continued on the cal
endar until some other Judze can be se
cured lo preside at said trial."
Revised statutes of Wyoming. 1887, sec
tion 3400, provide: "Whenever either
party to a civil action in any D strict
Court of the territory shall file an affidavit
in tho case, atating one or more of the
following cames: * * * Third— That
tbe person making the affidavit believes
that on account of the bias or prejudice
or interest of the presiding Judge he can
not obtain a fair trial * * ♦ the Court
Judge shall change the venue in such
acion. etc."
Hill's "Annotated Laws of Oregon,
1892," volume 1, page 167, section 45, pro
vide: "The court or Judge thereof may
change the place of trial on motion of
either party to the action when it appears
from the affidavit of such party * * *
that the Judge or the inhabitants of the
county are so prejudiced against the party
making the affidavit that be cannot ex
pect an impartial trial before said Judge
or in said county, as the case may be."
Statutes of Nevada, 1895, page 64, pro
vide: "* * * When from any cause the
Judge is disqualified from acting in tbe
action, except in any case when it shall
appear by the affidavit of either party to
tno action that the said party Cannot, by
reason of the interest, bias or prejudice of
the Judge, have a fair and impartial trial,
in which case the Judge sn designated in
such affidavit shall not further preside in
the case, but instead of ordering a change
of the place of trial to another county may
invite another Judge to preside in, bear
and decide such case."
The foregoing quotations from the laws
of other States, to which many of a simi
lar import might be added, conclusively
establish the fact that the Assembly bill
now assailed is strictly in line both in
lorm and substance with tne provisions of
these statutes, and seem to have been
taken almost bodily from the statutes of
Minnesota.
And what substantial objection can be
reasonably urged against this law? It
simply provides that a suitor in our courts
shall not be compelled to have a man sit
in judgment upon him when be makes
oatb that on account of the bias or preju
dice of such Judge be cannot receive a
/air and impartial trial.
But it is said that the law might effect
the Hale & Norcross litigation and that
in the event that the case is again sent
.back from the Supreme Court for a new
trial it might be removed from Judge
Hebbard's court. Even if this were true,
that ia no reason why all the litigants in
the State should be denied the benefits of
a substantial right, because in a remote
contingency, in a given case, it might op
erate as a hardship, and we are by no
means convinced that the reasoning is
logical in the given case.
It is certainly not to be believed that
Judge Hebbard in the Hale it Norcross, or
any other suit, would desire to preside at
the trial if either party to it would make
oath that by reason cf his prejudice they
did not believe they could receive justice
at his hands. Indeed no self-respecting
Judge woula go on with a trial, realizing
that he was under suspicion of partiality
in favor of one of the contending parties.
The decisions of other States having
this statute show also that there lias been
no abuse of the privilege thus afforded,
and it is therefore made Apparent that the
Legislature by its enactment through the
House by a unanimous vote, and the Sen
ate by a fair ' majority, were actuated
wholly and simply by the same motive
that controlled its enactment in other
States, "namely," to promote the ends of
justice.
Read what section 833 of the Code of
Civil Procedure says:
The rourt may, at my time before the trial,
on motion change the place of trial in the fol
lowing cases:
1. When it appears to the satisfaction of the
Justice before whom the action is pending, by
affiduvitol cither party, that such Justice is a
material witness for either party.
2. When either party makes and flies an affi
davit that he believes that he cannot have a
fair and impartial trial before such Justice
Continued on Second I'uge.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DELMAS WAS
SPEEDIEST
Coast Record Broken in
the Big Bicycle
Handicap.
BOUND THE SAN LEAN
DRO TRIANGLE.
For Number of Accidents, En
trants and for Tims a Re
markable Meeting.
E. A. BOZIO SECURED FIRST
PLACE.
A Large Attendance Enj ys the Ev.nt
No Serious Casualties
Reported.
r The fifth annual twenty-five mile handi
cap road race of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs was run yesterday morning
over wbat is known as the San Leandro
triangle and, in points of .entrants, acci
denis and time made, was the most re
markable event of its Kiud ever held by •
the association. .. .: ■ -
There were originally 103 entrants, ol
which number eighty-three actually
started and forty of them; met with mis*'
haps whicn threw them out of the race,
leaving but forty-three to finish, yet
seventeen of these came in under the best
previous -record for the course, made by
Charles S. Wells last year, 1:10:30 2-5.
The best time j of yesterday's race waa
made by popular Tony Delmas of San Jose,
who covered the distance in 1:09:341-5.
The winner turned up in E. A. Bozio of
the Imper Cycling- Club of 'this City,
who had a time handicap of five minutes, j
and whose net time was 1:10:27. •T*' 1 '
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
is an organization which has beeu in ex
istence about tive years in this State, and
is made up of twenty of the most prom
inent cycling clubs hereabouts, including
nearly all the San Francisco olubs and
those ot Oakland,' Alameda, Santa -Rosa,
Facrameuto, Ban Jose 'and elsewhere. On
hingi»B?* birtlidc^:;»l^iali r saj\* y
U<H6 the various clubs belonging to the as
sociation have run a joint road race | over
the San Leandro course, and -yesterday's
event was the •■ one V for 1897, -postponed
from last Monday owing to the poor con
dition of the roads at that time. Besides
this annual race the association conducts
a 100-mile relay race in April, a twenty
mile team race in July and a ten-mile
handicap in October every year,' and valu
able prizes are • always hung up for the
winners. .
The course over which the men rode
yesterday was not in as good condition
this year as formerly, on account of the
recent heavy rains. T.e riders also h?d
a strong wind to contend with on one side
of the triangle, though it helped them a
little on another side. Fora twenty-rive
mile road race the San Leandro triangle
presents many advantages and is an ideal
one for me purpose. The start is made
on the Hay wards road about a quarter of
a mile to the northeast of San Leandro.
The riders here have the base of the tri
angle, which they follow toward Hay
wards, turning 10 the right before reach
ing that town, which gives the perpendic
ular and takes them past San Lorenzo,
when they turn west on to the county
road from San Jose, givin? the hypothe
nuse, which brings them back to the place
of starting. The total distance thus made
is eipht and one-third miles, and by mat
ing tbe circuit three times the required
twenty-five miles are competed, and the
spectators have seen the start of the race.
•£>; V I NEW TO-DAT.
&& him. When the myth-mak-
■A^ ''' ers got up that ; story they
. . .-,,.«; - must have been thinking of
dyspepsia ; for there is certainly no other
trouble on earth that keeps you so ever-
lastingly struggling against being crushed ,
into ; utter despair. Anything that ' cures
dyspepsia- lifts about half the weight of
misery that crushes mankind, — and wo-
mankind. :
I The trouble with most of the so called
dyspepsia • cures, is that they don't cure.
They give only temporary relief. ■ Indiges-
.icn usually extends all through the diges-
tive tract, from the stomach clear down to
the large intestine ; the liver too is frequent-
ly involved in the trouble being torpid and
inactive. 7 For a thorough, ; radical, •: per-
manent cure you must have the whole di-
gestive organism set right.— violently :
stirred up, but regulated. Doctor PierceS
Pleasant Pellets will do it. They stimu-
late the digestive juices of the stomach ;
invigorate the liver and help it to actively
secrete the bile ; - and I act gently .on the
bowels to promote a regular healthy move-
ment.' This means a complete' and last-
ing cure of digestive troubles.
i £ The " Pellets " are not a severe cathartic
They act on the bowels naturally and com-:
fortably though surely. The dose can be ■
regulated ' to * your ! needs, and when ■ . the ;
"Pellets" have done their work they can
be discontinued. ; You t don't I become ;:■ a
slave to their use, as with ! other . pills. If
the druggist suggest some griping pill that
gives '■: him " more : molit, ■ think l what ■ will
irqjit you tnosk " -_2
watched the riders pass them twice, ana
are "in at the linish. "
The race was advertised to begin at 10
a. m., and this necessitated an early start
from this side, so that from 7 o'clock to
9 and after the ferry-boats bound lor Oak
land were crowded with cyclists of ail
ages and conditions, and with all manner
of wheeis, from an old err ok to the new
1897 model. There were ladies without
number, but it was particularly notice
able that few of them ventured the
bloomer costume, it having become thor
oughly obsolete in the East and practi
cally out of date everywhere, being re
placd by skirts of scarce folds and cur
tailed lengths, which seemed far more
appropriate and uecoming. Of course, the
ladies will have to cive up riding the
diamond-framed men's wheels by reason
of this change in raiment, but then that
'"cuts no ice" with them.
On account of the early hour of the start
not many gathered to see the men sent eff
as compared to the Immense throng that
congregated about the time the finish was
expected. The road was lined with peo
ple for a quarter of a mile on either side
of the tape, pushing and struggling with
each other for a coign of vantage, and
many a swaying tree limb overhanging
the road bore its load of human freight,
consisting of the small boys of San L?an
dro and the younger wheeling element of
this City and Oakland. Ropes were
stretched on either side of the road, wound
around an occasional tree trunk, to keep
the crowd back so that the men would
have a clear road to finish in. Some
worthy tied an end of one of these ropes
to a lamppost, and when the men first
came in sight and the people began to
surge forward for a better view this poor
lamppost was iiteraily "torn up by the
roots,' a3 one man remarked, and fell,
shattered, by the wt-yside. The people,
released from their bondage, started to
crowd forward upon the road, but a dozen
sturdy marshals stood them off until the
men had passed and averted what might
have been a serious mix-up.
Prior to yesterday's race it was gener
ally conceded that the prizes for fastest
time would fall to the scratch men, and it
so turned out, but no one seemed to care
to try pick the winner of the race from
the hundred odd handicap men, thoueh
some few prophecies were offered which
the result completely up«et.
It was 20 minutes past 10 o'clock when
Starter George H. Stratton gave the word
to the limit man to go. He bad a 10-min
ute handicap, and before the next bunch,
which was given 8 minutes' start, was
ready to leave,, he was out of sight. But
the handicapper knew his business, for
they overtook him before he got once
around the circle, and he gave up the
struggle. The first man started alone, but
after that they were sent away in
bunches, four with 8 minutes' handicap,
ten with 7;i, eleven with 7, thirteen with
6, and so on down to the seven scratch
rten, who got away at exactly 10:30. They
were: H. W. tquires, Acme; I. R. Lind,
Imperial; G. W. Tantau and J. E. Wine,
Olympic; Tony Delnias, Garden City; C.
A. Kraft, Bay City, and G. M. Hauiin,
San Francisco Club.
And now comes the chapter of accidents.
The road was rough in some places, sandy
in others, and what with the uneven and
uncertain surface many a good man went
down. Take for instance the t cratch
bunch of seven. Before they had gone
the first round Lind, who was up front
with Delrnas and Wing setting pace, slid
and fell. The two alongside of him
escaped, but all the others crashed into
him, and in an instant alt their chances
I for the race were pone, for Wing- and D<l
-mas never stopped and were soon out of
.sight, win c the others had contusions to
bandage and broken wheels to mend and
were in a sorry plight. They all patched
things up as best they could, remounted
and rode into San Leandro, sore in mind
and body. Some got otter wheels, re
mounted and continued on for a time, but
soon got discouraged and gave up the
hppeiess stern chase.
And there are others to tell about.
Games of Alameda fell, punctured his tire
and rode it in as flat as a pancake. L. H.
Smith, in whom the Olympics set great
store and expected much, sot into a mix
up and was considerably bruisad. Hcl
inore and Ramsay of the same ciub went
down together, remounted and finished
strong, little if any hurt. T. A. Schleuter,
an Acme man, suffered some bad bruises
in a fall, as did also Thiel and Robinson
of the San Francisco Road Club. Francis
of this club fell and broke his wheel, but
managed to make itdountil he gotaround
where he could get another, when he was
off like the wind again and managed to
ride into sixth place. If not delayed by
this accident he miehfc have got first
position. Williams of the California Club
wiil know he's been in a road race by the
soreness he will feel for the next few days,
and Anderson of the Imperials had to
have lour stitches taken in a jagged cut
in his back where somebody's pedal dug
into him in a general mix-up. The Estu
dlllo House at San Leandro was like an
emergency hospital alter the race, and
arnica, cotton batting and other measures
for the temporary relief of the injured
were in such demand that, the supply of
the local drugstores was nearly ex
hausted.
There was also another set of complain
ants about the hotel after the race, those
who had ridden and had accidents to their
wheels which forced them to give up,
whereas otherwise they would have won
the race beyond any manner of doubt.
There were a number of this sect, and
they told their woes to all who would
listen. Hard luck stories were as plenti
ful as bees in a hive, and the fact that
they had got off free of personal injuries
such as many others suffered never
seemed to occur to the story tellers.
The finish of the race was very exciting.
The various bunches had passed the
crowds at the tape twice and were about
due for the last time. The officials were
getting in readiness to take the times and
positions, and all necks were eageriy
craned down the road. "There they
come," shouted an eacle-eyed lookout
from a near-by treetop, and a few seconds
after a cloud of dust— that was all that
could be seen at a distance — swung into
view. It was a big cloud, too, and tne
timers knew it was bringing them trouble.
Soon forms were discernible, and Bozio of
the Imperials was seen sightly in the lead
of Davidson, Bay City. There were just
twenty men in that crowd, and every one
of t. era Mashed past the ju iges within a
space of five seconds. Ho* they ever
ciught the times and positions is one of
the mysteries known only to such old
hands at the game as George Weiniore,
Herman Hadenfe:dt, Thto Dodge and the
<--then who were officiating, but get them
they did, and hH the others who passed,
for man after man came in quick succes
sion, until nearly forty had gone by.
It was the finish between the scratch
men that the people most wanted to see,
however, though tliey knew that only
Delmss and Wing were left, for the story
of the spill on the first Jap had oeen
brought in and told and retold up and
down the line a score of times. When
they <ame in sight Delmas was leading,
ana try as be would Wing could never
pass him, though bis defeat was only uy
a few inches. Wing bad had a bard day's
racing at Santa Roaa the day before and
was not as fresh as D -lmas, but as it was
the latter showed wonderful speed and re
ceivid quite an cvation later on when the
timers announced that he had made the
best lime and established a new coast
record for the race.
The riding of T. A. Griffiths and E. J.
Smith, who secured third and fourth time
prizes, John Davidson, who got secona
place, and H. C. Ramsay and E. A. Hel
more, who finished eleventh and twellth,
respectively, is worthy of special mention.
Delmas won a gold split-second Swiss
watch for his victory, and Bozio. who got
first place, also gets a gold watch. x There
are twenty-nine prizes in all, aud all of
considerable value.
The following table wili show the posi
tions at the finish, handicaps and net
riding time of each man:
The American record for twenty-five
miles was not lowered in the race, nor did
they come dangerously near it. It stands
at 51 mm. 55 sec. and was made by A. B.
McDonneli at Buffalo, N. V., October 19,
1895, over the Corfu course, which was as
level as a billiard- table compared with the
rocky road the men had tv travel over
yesterday.
The fastest times made in the four pre
vious similar events of the association
over this course were:
February 22, — George A. Faulkner,
Acme Club Wheelmen, 1 hour 19 mm. 4 fee.
February 22. 1894— Emil Ulbrecht, Bay City
Wheelmen, 1 hour 20 mm. 7 2-5 see.
March 8, 1895— Walter F Foster, Olympic
Club Wheelmen, 1 hour 12 mm. 55 4-5 sec.
February 22, 189G— Charles S. Wells, Bay
City Wheelmen, 1 hour 10 mm. 30 2-5 sec.
So it will be noticed that since 1894 the
record has been lowered every time the
race has been ridden.
The possession for the time being of the
Olympic tropiij'i which is to be competed
for in erery event of the association until
some club wins it three times, was decided
by the race, and it goes to the Imperial
Club, which made seven r>ointa t y Bozio
winning first place. The Bay City Wheel
men made- six. Garden City Cyclers five,
and Olympic and Acme clubs three each.
WHAT OBJECTION
CAN BE RAISED?
I Continued from First Page. |
by reason of the interest, prejudice or bias of
the Justice.
3. When a jury has been demanded, and
either party makes and files an affidavit that
he cannot have a fair and impartial trial on
Recount of ti.e bias and prejudice of the citi
zens of the township or city against him.
4. When from any cause the Justice is dis
qualified from acting.
5. When the Justice is sick or unable to
act.
For twenty-five years this important law
relating to Justices' Courts has been in
force, and Oaminetti's bill makes it appli
cable to Superior Courts of California as
welt. Section 833 of the Civil Code has
been upheld ia every instance by the Su
preme Court. More than this, the highest
California court has interpreted the first
part of the section to read "must," in
stead of "may."
If the law has operated so well in refer
ence to Justices' Conrts what objection
can there be to such a fair and just meas
ure governing procedure in all the courts
of the State ?
If it has been found to be a fair and just
principle that a litigant of minor contro
versies in an inferior court shall have an
impartial trial, is it not much more im
portant that litigants in cases of greater
magnitude should have the same rights
in the Superior Court.
JtIIJSX £L ■■'' Is MOW- OY ERD YE.
Fean for the Safety of thm Millionairt't
family and Friend*. 5
NEW YORK, N. V., March 1.-A spe
cial to the World from New Orleans says:
John R. Dreiel, the millionaire, with his
family and a party of triends, who started
from Philadelphia to New Orleans in his
yacht to attend the Mardi Gras festivities.
is now more than seven days overdue. \
Nothing has been heard from the party
since it left Philadelphia. Diligent in
quiry has been made at every port be
tween here and Philadelphia, but nothing
has been heard of the party.
Samuel A. Cramp, the shipbuilder, who
is ati In Cosmopolitan with bis wife for
Mardi Gras, does not understand why his
fellow townsman and party should be so
long on the journey from Philadelphia to
New Orleans. The Drexel party engaged
rooms at the St. Charles before starting.
OF* J-'OH THti JA AUGUR ATIVS.
Governor Bu*hnell. Staff ana Ladieu
L*are for tl'aihington.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 28.— Governor
Bushnell and staff, accompanied by their
ladies, left for Wnsuington yesterday
to attend the inauguration exercises. The
party occupies the private car of Presi
dent In galls of the Big Four road, and
goes by way of Cincinnati, the Big Four
and the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway.
Senator-elect J. B. Forak«r and family
will leave for Wastiingion Monday after
noon in the private car of Receiver Mon
serrat of the Columbus, Hocking Valley
and Toledo Railroad, going over the Penn
sylvania lines.
Postofpc for Lo* -tlatnitot.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— A post
office was to-day established at Los Ala
nmos, Orange County, Cal., and John H.
Badgley appointed Postmaster.
Cem*nt Work* Hume A at Canton.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 28.— The Eureka
Cement Works were completely destroyed
by tire this morning. Loss, $100,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
SENATE HOLDS A
SUNDAY SESSION
The Unusual Event Crowds
the Galleries With
Spectators.
Consideration of Sundry Civil
Appropriation Biil h
Resumed.
A Number of Important Amendments
Adopted and the Measure Is
Finally P. sscd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.-An
open session of the United states Senate
on Sunday afternoon is sucb a remarkable
and unusual occasion, and so much at va
riance with the religious sentiment of
the country, that crowds were attracted
to the norta wing of the Capitoi an hour
before 3 o'clock this afternoon, the time to
which the Senate bad at 2:30 o'clock taken
an adjournment. All classes of people
were in the crowd. Some were early
enough to obtain seats in that sec
tion of the galleries that is open to the
general public. Others who were holders
of tickets to reserved section.* presented
them and were admitted so long as any
space was left. Those who could not get
inside stationed themselves near the gal
lery doors, waiting their chancea, or wan
dering listlessly up and down the marble
stairways and spacious hall*;.
As to the Senators themselves, the day
seemed to make no difference to them.
They were present in about the usual
number. A vote taken soon after the pro
ceedings began showed that there wore
neariy seventy Senators in the hall, some
of them teing paired. Nor was there any no
ticeable distinction as to the men represent
ing the New England States and the men
representing sections of the country where
Sabbath observance is not so general or
strict, and business went on Just as it does
on week days, except that there was a
noticeable absence of Cuban agitation.
It was strictly a business session, and
consideration of the suivlry civil appro
priation bill was immediately resumed,
the question being on those committee
amendments which were passed over with
out action last night. The first appropri
ated $1,085,156 to pay the producers of
sugar the balance of their claims for
bounty undor tne McKinley law. On
this Vest (D.) of Missouri demanded the
ayes and noes, and it was agreed to, 37
to 12.
The next amendments were those mak
ing appropriations for the great liver and
harbor improvement under contracts au
thorized by former river and harbor bills,
the various amounts being generally re
duced by the committee about 25 per cent
from the figures fixed by the House.
Eight or nine pages of these amend
ments were disposed of without inucli do
bate, but ttiose appropriating $100,000 to
prevent the Mississippi River from break
ing into the Cuche Riv^r near-Cairo, 11*,,
provoked an extended discussion, during
which the whole subject of the improve
ment of the Mississippi River was gone
over.
Gorman (U.) of Maryland opposed the
amendment io make ibis appropriation
outright instead of trom the amount for
the improvement of ihe upper Mi<sis
sippi. on the ground that it would make
this bill a river and harbor biil. He char
acterized the sundry evil bill as the most
extravagant ever considered by either
hou-te of Coneres", carrying as it did over
$51,000,000— 517,000,000 of which was for
rivers and harbors — which was more than
the condition of the treasury warranted.
And he warned Senators not to further
overload it with amendments, intimating
that if it were it would meet tue veto of
the President
The amendment was adopted.
An item in relation to electric lighting
in the District of Columbia, to which Hill i
(1). ) uf New York was opposed, gave that
Senator an opportunity (or exoressin<r his
views in regard to v Sunday session of the
8 nate He had doubled the propriety of
meeting to-day to enact legislation for the
people of the United States. His atten
tion had been called to various -petitions
io the honorable Senator* asking for a
"rest day" for the District of Columbia
and he hud been disposed to acquiesce in
the sentiment expressed in those petitions.
He also remembered that the S-nator
from Michigan (McMillan), who had sug
gested that amendment, bad introduced a
bill to "protect the first day cf the week,
commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest
and worsnip in the District of Columbia."
That bill, if it had passed, was broad
enough to prevent any legislation on this
day. For these roasons he hesitated to
engage in a general debate. "But now
to be serious," he continued —
"Have not you been serious all the
time?" a Senator asked in low tones.
"That is a reflection on the remarks 1
have made," Mr. Hill replied, and he
went on with his statement.
The amendment was adopted.
Pettigrew (Sil.) of South Dakota op
posed the item of $5000 for continuing the
communication to investigate the Alaska
seal fisheries. He thought, it would be
betier for the United States to kill every
seal which landed on the islands and so
end the controversy, unless Great Britain
would operate with this Government in
protecting the seal herds. The proposi
tion to treat further with England on
these lines was a new disgrace. He ridi
culed the numerous commissions and arbi
tration conventions which bad been con
vened, particularly that to determine the
141 st degree of longitude.
Perkins (R. ) of California supported the
amendment. To adopt the suggestion of
the Senator from South Dakota, he said,
wonld be to perform the dog-in-the
manger act and say to Great Britain that
rather than let you kill the seal animals
at sea we will kill them all ourselves when
they land for breeding purposes. He sug
gested as a remedy that all females
should be branded, as this would destroy
their fur value, which led Mr. Pettigrew
to ask whether it was thought that the
seals, before being speared outside the
limit, would come up to the boat of the
hunters to exhibit their brands.
Mor an (D. ) of Alabama said that as he
had been a member of the commission
whose award seemed to have caused the
trouble, be had always felt a delicacy in
discussine the subject. He reviewed the
history of the question from the time the
United States acquired Alaska, an act
which excited the anger and jealousy of
Great Bri am.
At the very moment we gained posses
sion the Canadian raiders were turned
into Bering Sea and in the rim year de
stroyed 400,000 seals. Y'-ar by year the
difficulty increased, until iinally it became
necessary to take some definite steps for
the final settlement of the question. At
that time there were two parties in the
United States— one demanding that the
United States plant itself squarely on its
right to protect the seals and to defend
that right by force of arms if necessary,
while the business party, or peace party,
favored arbitration. This policy pre
vailed, and, as in every arbitration with
European Governments, the United States
lost its case.
So it always would be arbitrating with
European powers. If this country had
planted itself firmly on its rignts to seize
all vessels encaged in pelagic sealing and
had maintained that rizht there would be
xio vessels now disturbing our seal rights.
He could not look complaisantly upon
the amendment to brand the females or io
kill the seals and be therefore supported
tbe committee amendment. He hoped
the incoming administration would have
sufficient fortitude to demand that Great
Britain should faithfully perform her duty
in the premises as outlined by the Paris
tribunal and execute her part of the
award. The American Nation was always
seeking shelter from foreign difficulties,
but he for one did not want British pro
tection. The amendment wan adopted.
The f >llow.ng, among other new amend
ments, were adopted: For the appoint
ment of a board of three commissioners
to revise and codify thecriminal and penal
laws of the United States; directing the
expenditure of $75,000 of a former appro
priation for the purchase of a site for a
public building at Salt Lake City, Utah ;
apiointing a committee to select a site
in the city of Washington for a memorial
building, to be erected by the Daughters
of the American Revolution; restoring to
the pubhc domain and opening to settlo
ment the lands in Wyoming, Utah, Colo
rado, Montana, Washington, Idaho and
South Dakota (some 21,000,000 acres) set
apart as a forest reservation by executive
proclamation on February 22; establish
ing brunch hyrographic offices at Duluth,
SaultSte. Marie and Buffalo; appropriat
ing $4500 to purchase the State fish hatch
ery ai Battle Creek, CaJ. ; appropriating
$50,000 lor a public buiidinn at Butte,
Alont.
Chandler (R.)of New Hampshire offered
an amendment to create a permanent cen
sus bureau, bin It was ruled out on a point
of order.
In the Senate to-night in the discussion
of the amendment to me sundry civil bill
restoring to the public domain some 21,
--000,000 acre* as a foiest reservation, Mr.
Uark, who offered the amendment, said
that the order was issued on t c recom
mendation of a class of scientists who
think more of forest trees than of roof
trees and more of the life of a tree than
the life of a man.
The order meant that settlers on the
reservation could not cut a stick of fire
wood, and that the sold mines on one of
the reservations in South Dakota would
have to close down for lack of timber. He
was aw»ro that the insertion of this
umendment in the bill would probably
lead to its veto, bat he for one was ready
to meet the Pre ident on this ground.
T lm order would mean the retarding of
development in the West, and the subject
was of more vital interest to the land laws
of the States of the West than the Sena
tors oftbe East had any conception of.
Carter of Montana, who was Commis
sioner of the General Land Office during
President Harrison's administration, sup
ported the amendment.
As an example of t lie injury wrought by
the order, he mentioned the case of the
great Anaconda mine near Butte, Mont.,
which required a carload of timber every
dny to prop up the levels and galleries of
the mine and protect the lives of the min
ers, and the land from which all this lim
ber was cut must come, in part at lea-<t,
from one of the forest reservations. An
other case in point was ttaatof the old and
famous Homestead mine in South Da
kota.
No one who was interested in this mat
ter had been consulted prior to the pro
mulgation of this order, and he believed
that the Presideut would not b«Mtate to
rescind the order yjhen he thoroughly un
derstood the true conditions.
Cannon (R. ) of Utah also supported the
amendment and declared that not one of
tbe fourteen Senators from the Western
States affected had been consulted re
giirding the order.
Lindsay inquired whether the adoption
of an amendment excepting domestic and
mining timber from the operation of the
order would be satisfactory.
Cannon said be would prefer to have
the order stand as it is rather than have
it temporized.
The amejicimeni was supported by Sen
ators i Stewart. (Sjlverj|bf Nevada, Petti
gfew (Silver) of poufb Dakota, Wilson
(R.) of ; "Wasiiington, Dubois (Silver) of
Ida o and Mantle (R.) ol Montana, the
latter asserting that in his State there
were thousands and thousands of acres
included in this order on which there
was not a stick of timber.; r-
The amendment was then unanimously
adopted.
The sundry civil bill was (then passed
and at 11:07 the Senate adjourned until
to-morrow at 11a. m.
BTATV& OJT Z KGISti A TION.
Senator* ■ Have Much Work ~\ to Perform
in a Sliort Time.
Washington, D. c, Feb. 28—
List week of the Fifty-fifth session in the
Senate will be given up to consideration
of bills, as they are in a more backward
state than for years. Six of ' the annual
budgets have bcome laws with the 'ap
proval of the President. The Indian and
the postottice, the latter of which was
passed at an early hour this morning, are
in conference. There are now before the
Senate the fortifications, District of
Columbia, sundry civil and naval bills.
The sundry civil bill was under discussion
this afternoon. ' The. naval an i District of
Columbia biils promise to De prolific in
debate, so that the Senate will be com
pelled to give closer attention to its work
during the few remaining days than it has
up to this time. The general deficiency
bill will be reported: from the committee
to-morrow. .- r --
If the bill is prolonged, as some of the
members appear to be content to have it,
there will be good grounds for the belief
that two of the bills will fail of consider
ation. The House will do nothing for the
next three days except to act on confer
ence reports.
c i,ii ■■oJiMiA s*.y toks r leas
Secure T/io*« Important ; Atntndmenta to
7~ '--^VV '■■'. .the Si,Httrtf Civil Hilt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— The
Californians are congratulating them
selves to-night over their success in secur
ing three important amendments to the
sundry civil appropriation bIU in '■■ the
Senate to-day. The first was the sugar
bounty appropriation. The second was
an hmendment authorizing the Secretary
of War to make contracts for the comple
tion of Oakland harbor improvements at
a cost of $680,000, of which . $20,000 is ft im
mediately advanceable and $200,000 is to
be contracted for during the present year.
; Senator Perkins at to-niebt s session of
. the Senate introduced and the Senate
adopted an amendment to the sundry
civil bill appropriating $4700 for the pur
chase of the tish hatcheries at Battle
Greek. This was in response to a tele
gram from 11. F. Eraeric. president of the
Slate Fish Commission, to \ Senator ; Per-
Kin*, declaring that the passage of this
bill was absolutely essential to the propa
gation of salmon there. :( : :> '. i \
ADOPTBi* HJiIIOUJ. HEBA.£E.
Sugar Bounty Amendment to the Sundry
Ciril Bill grerd to.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.—
Shortly after the Senate met at 3 o'clock
to-d ay the sugar bounty amendment was
reached in the sundry civil appropriation
bill. Senator Vest, who opposed the
amendment, demanded a yea and nay vote
upon its adoption. As the opponents of
the amendment made no speech in oppo
sition to its adoption the friends oi the
amendment deemed it unwise to pre
cipitate a discussion upon it, especially rs
they had behind them the committee
recommendations, so a vote upon the
proposition was had withont debate and
the bounty amendment was adopted by
more than two-thirds of the Senate voting
thereon.
trs exp zcx£n > :: a djouksm jextj
oiie to a Complication Precipitate* by
. torn a tor Rrtce.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 28.— Th«
adjournment of the Senate to-night a few
minutes after 11 o'clock, cam* :as a / eur
prise to the Senate and was due to a com
plication precipitated by Senator Brice.
The sundry civil bill was completed and
finally passed at five minutes after 11
o'clock. Teller had the floor and was pro
ceeding to call ud the District of Columbia
appropriation bill when Brice made a
motion to lay on the table a motion made
yesterday by Butler to reconsider tbe vote
by which the Senate the other day passed
the bill to retund the debts of the Terri
tories.
Nelson of Minnesota objected to the
motion being made at this time, and the
point of no quorum. There was manifestly
no votin? quorum, and on motion of
Aldricb, the Senate adjourned until 11
o'clock to-morrow.
CALIFORNIA MEMBERS CONFER.
Discusses Federal Patronage— Major Mc-
Laughlin Wants Nothing— Chances
of Some of the Aspirants.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 28.—Sena
tor Perkins and Representatives Loud,
Barham and Hilborn, the only California
members of the present Congress who will
be members of the next, held a conference
to-day to consider applications for ap
pointment to the various Federal posi
tions. They met at, 10 o'clock at the office
of Senator Perkins and remained in ses
sion until 2 o'clock.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of
the California State Central Committee,
was present The delegation was unani
mous in its desire to tender Major Mc-
Laughlin some good Federal appoint
ment. They believed that his services to
the party entitled him to recognition, and
he niix-ht have secured an indorsement
for a foreign m s ion or consular position,
or mint superintendent or collector of
customs or internal revenue; in fact, he
might have chosen his office and tbe Cali
fornians would have recommended him
for it, but Major McLaughlin firmly de
clined to be considered an applicant lor
any appointment.
"I do not want any reward for my ser
vices. Ido not want any office and will
not accept any," he declared.
The applications of Calitornians for ap
pointment to tbe Mint superiutendency,
Collector of Customs, Collector of Inter
nal Revenue, Marshal, Surveyor, etc.,
were then considered, but no conclusions
were reached.
The name of Frank Coombs for reap
pointment as Minister to Japan was then
canvassed. It is understood that Repre
sentative Loud was firmly of tbe opinion
that no one who bad formerly been in tbe
service of the Government should be re
appointed. Nevertheless, The Call cor
respondent was assured to-night that the
delegation would unite on Mr. Coombs
for appointment to the Japan mission,
which he formerly held.
It seems that William B. Hamilton does
not care to be Naval Officer to succeed
Colonel John P. Irish. Neither does he
appearjto desire the Mint superintendency,
marshalsiup, collectorship of customs nor
that of internal revenue. Mr. Hamilton will
be content with some subordinate posi
tion. He does not seem to want an office
in which he would have patronage to be
stow. It is certain, however, that he will
be recommended for some good place, and
his gooa men.i, Senator Perkins, will see
that he gels it.
Colonel John P. Irish will be allowed to
servo the remainder of nis term as Naval
Officer— over a year yet. George W. Stone
of San Francisco, who is with Representa
tive Bowers at the Congressional Hotel,
wants to be Superintendent of the Mint.
Joe Spear, who is at the Shoreham, is
ambitious to be Collector of Customs.
Major Mclaughlin and Mr. Hamilton
are at Willard/s.
BRYAN WILL TRY AGAIN.
Regarded as the National Leader of the
Democracy and His Renommation in
1900 Assured.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28. — The
visit of William J. Bryan to this city has
brought out that iiom the hour of his
nomination at Chicago he has been con
sidered the National leader of the Demo
cratic party and that there is a disposition
to regard him as such from now on until
the campaign of 1900. It is certain that
Bryan's friends control the National Com- i
mittee and that they cannot be unseated
until the next National convention of the
party names their successors.
Bryan, it was ascertained yesterday, has
become greatly interested in the pros
pective battle this fall for Mayor oi
Greater New York. He believes that if
this battle is fought on the lines of the
Chicago platform the Republicans can be
defeated in the canvuas.
Bryan's visit brought out also the inter
esting information that the Brooklyn
Democrats are exceedingly jealous of
Tammany Hall. It is said for ihe Brook
lyn Democrats that they will not be swal
lowed up by Tammany Hail in the matter
of a candidate for Mayor of Greater New
York, but that Tammany will be forced to
appoint a conference committee so tnat a
r.undidate agreeable to all shall be selected.
Tammany and the Brooklyn Democrats
will foi low their ancient custom in muni
cipal contests of indorsing the platform
of the parcy adopted at Hie last Na'ional
convention. Tammany has always done
this, and so has the Kings County
machine, and it wasascertmned that there
will be no departure from the rule and
that the candidate of tua two organiza
tions, after he has been agreed upon in
conference, will be presented to voters of
tbe Greater New York on the Chicago plat
form.
fTBILEK iy a jfchi.
Said to Have Jietltjni-d tiecaute of »o»i-
guilty' m Jtnleai*.
NEW YORK, N. V.— March I.— The
Herald's correspondent in Havana sends
the following via Tampa:
"1 am informed on the highest authority
that Captain-General Weyler has for
warded his resignation to the Spanish
Government at Madrid. The captain
general, I am also inlormed, will leave t tie
island as soon as possible — probably in
about three weeks.
This decisive step General Weyler de
termined to take, my authority says, as
soon as be heard of the release of Julio
Sanguilly.
The captain-general had frequently said
that be would retign if the crown should
interfere with his policy in regard to the
prisoners, and especially Americans, and
he was incensed, 1 am told, beyond lucas
ure at being ignored in the negotiations
carried on by the Spanish Government in
the case of the notable captive, Sangoilly,
who was released on Friday.
It in reported that General Ramon
Blanco y Arenas, the Marquis of Pena
Plata, may be appointed to succeed Gen
eral Weyler.
It t BEL BEPVLSE BEPVBTBD.
Vntuccetufiil Attack on a Spunlttfi Jlrcon-
noitrrintp Party.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 28.— While Cap
tain Maria with a cavalry lorce was reco.i
noitering around San Antonio de las Ve
gas, province of Havana, he was attacked
by a force of rebels.
After a fight which lasted three hoars
the rebels were dispersed with heavy
losses. They left thirty-one dead on the
field. The troops lost twelve killed and a
captain, a lieutenant and fourteen pri
vates wounded.
According to the last reports Captain-
General Weyler has left Sanoti Spiritus
and is now at Place tas.
WHAT CONGRESS
HAS NOT DONE
Will Be Held Remarkable
for the Little It Has
Accomplished.
Record* Breaker in the Number
of B.lls and Resolutions
Introduced.
Passess Seven Hundred Private Pen
sion Bills anl Appropriates Over
a BU!i n Dollars.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Feb. 28.-The
Fifty-fourth Congress which will expire
on Thursday at noon will be held remark
able principally for what it has failed to
accomplish. In one respect— in the nnm
cer of bill? and resolutions introduced— it
was a record-breaker. In the House alone
over 10.4U0 bills and 3100 resolutions were
introduced and referred to various com
mittees. Only a fraction of these passed
the House and fewer atiil became laws.
The principal business of the Congress,
aside from the passage of the appropria
tion bills, was limited to the first session,
the net results of which were the enact
ment into laws of the bills creating the
commission to determine the true divi
sional line between Venezuela and British
Guiana; prohibiting prize fighting in the
Territories; permitting appointments in
tiie army and navy of former United
States officers who served in the rebellion;
making one year's residence in a Territory
necessary to obtain a divorce; incorporat
ing the National Society of the Daughters
of the Revolution; denning the penalty
for interference with railway trains and
persons riding thereon, and substituting
salaries for fe*s to United States Marshals
and District Attorneys.
Aside from the foregoing measures the
remaining bills(excepting theimmigration
bill and the' joint resolution for an inter
national monetary conference, passed at
the second session) were of no general
interest. Included in these were 700 pri
vate pension bills, an unprecedented
number.
In another respect the Fifty-fourth Con
gress was remarkable. This was its fail
ure to pass a single bill providing for pub
lic builriines. The House calendar con
tained 100 bills of this class, including the
Senate bill for a custom-house in New
\ork City. Speaker Heed, however, in
his determination to reduce the expen
ditures to the lowest limit consistent with
the necessities of the Government, set his
face sternly against all legislation of this
character. Notwithstanding this circum
stance this Congress is the third in the
history of the country which has ex
pended a billion dollars. If, it is claimed,
these appropriations be deducted from the
sum total. twragßregate for the past two
years would be little in excess of one bil
lon dollars.
A number of important measures which
where reported to the House iast session
arvd were expected to receive favorable
consideration during the present session
were either defeated or were left on the
calendar. The Dill to settle the indebted
ness of the bona-aided railways to the
Government, which was a legacy from the
last session, suffered a crushing defeat in
January last. The substitute measure
prepared by Harrison of Alabama to ad-
Just these claims through the medium of
a Cabinet commission was not permitted
by tin- Committee on Rules to come be
fore the House, the House leaving it an
open question between the supporters and
the opponents of the measure what its
fate would have been. In the preceding
session upward of fifty resolutions bearine
upon the Cuban insurrection were intro
duced, although but one passed the House.
Daring the present session the Cuban
resolutions introduced have been few in
number.
|No effort was made at the present ses
sion to call up the bill admitting Arizona
and New Mexico as States. The sound
money men were opposed to the admis
sion of any Territories that would send
representativeo to Congress favorable to
free silver.
Among the bills which passed the
House but have not been acted upon in
the Senate are the Morse bill to prevent
the selling of liquor in the Capitol; the
Brosius bill, permitting the establishment
of National banks with a capital of $20,000
in towns of $4000 inhabitants, and the
Loud bill to reclassify second-class mail
matter.
The Ways and Means Committee gave a
series of hearings during the early weeks
of the session and the remainder of the
time was occupied by the Republican
members in formulating a new tariff bill.
This will follow the general lines of the
McKinley law of 1890 and will be reported
to the House at the beginning of the extra
session of the next Congress.
All of the contested election cases,
thirty-one in number, have b«eu dis
posed of.
Much of the time of the Senate has been
consumed in the discussions of questions
relating to our foreign relations, and
while no positive action of any kind has
been taken, many columns of the Con
gressional Record have been filled with
speeches on these topics.
Cuban resolutions have been introduced
and pressed for action by the score, bat
beyond precipitating debate, nothing has
been accomplished.
A treaty with Japan ha 3 been ratified,
putting into immediate operation the
clause of the treaty of commerce and navi
gation negotiated two years ago.
The general treaty 6f arbitration with
Great Britain, after being fruitlessly con
sidered for two weeks, went over until the
next «ession. The Alaska boundary treaty
witn Gr at Britain has not even been, con
sidered in committee.
The Nicnraguan canal bill, which was
debated for several weeks, was on the
point of final passage with a comfortable
minority in front of it when the protest of
a Minister representing the Greater Cen
tral American Repub ie was received.
SAVBU HI A TKACK-WA.LKJBR.
Governor Tanner* Sp+cinl Train Xearly
■ ■:■■' -". :;. Hun* Into n. J.an&itldt. i' ■—■
■: NEW YORK, N; V., Feb. 28.-A Times
special from Washington says: The spe
cial train bearine Governor Tanner, his
staff and many of the most distinguished
people of Illinois to the inau-urstmn ha I
70,000,000
People know Hood's Sarsaparilla is the best
medicine ever produced becau c it cure* when
all others fail. Seventy millions of people have
an abiding confidence in the curative power of
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
jThe best—in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
HoOds Pill*; are tastelew*; mila, effec-
tion ce i St - pos lble esca c from .iestruc-
BiMa m« runnin * trough the West Vir-
OhYo roa«? ""t"! 9 the Balt.more and
wa ker h" J °' m Fitzsimmons, a track-
Tracfc th ( i ISCOVereii a landslide on the
him jSSS" a ewhnndreQ lee t behindv
le™"r fro^, a S Stopt ed tlie train only a I
SLANDER of A SCHOOLTEACHER.
/ Uadsio th* Fata, Shoot, of the
\ Nfp'nw of MiUiona.-n Ujsos
Pay of " Hwj.
OMAHA, Nkbe , Feb. i>B._A special
telegram to tbe Worid-Herald from
Payne, a small town on the banks of the
Missouri River forty miles BOath of this
city, announces trie fatal .hooting of Er
nest Hearne. nephew of Millionaire Moses
Payne, and up to the present time man.
--«r of the extensive ranch owned by his
uncle. ■
A quarrel took place Saturday between
rieaine and a farmer named Chapman
over some slighting remarks the latter
had made regarding Miss Jennie Nix, a
schoolteacher, with whom Henrne bad
been keeping comjany. Cuapman re
iterated the remarks he had already made
and refused to make the apolotry de
manded. Hearne tecame singry and
reached for his revolver, but Chapman
was too quick and divining what his in
tentions were grabbed his own gun and
sent a bullet into the head ot his would -bo
assailant. Medical assistance was called,
but he died shortly afterward. Chapman
immediate y surrendered himself to the
authorities and is held under arrest.
BJO FIR Hi AT FVJtT trAIXF.
liulldinrj* and Merchandiie . Valued at
$150,000 1/entroyed. .
FORT WAYNE, Isd.. Feb. 28.-Fire, (
which started in Morgan & Co. hard
war* store at 7 o'clock ihig morning, J
caused a total Joss of $150,000. The losseif*
are: O. M.Morean and Mrs. Fred Beach,
building, $15,000, loss of Btock, $75,000; J. ■
C. Meyer, buiding, and Julias Nathan &
Co., wholesale liquor dealers, $12,000;
t Mrs. Mary Williams, building, and Nathan
Kirjcheimer '& Co.,' wholesale paper,
$20,000; Miss Margaret Hamilton, build
ing, and Goeglian & Co., dealers in hard
ware, 00D; Judge John Morris, build
ing, ami A. H. Staub, stoves and hard
ware, $5000. Four firemen narrowly es
caped Deiug crushed to death.
«
Fatal Train fTreett in Ximouri. 4MB
MARSHALL, Mo., Feb. 28— A wreck
occurred about 7 o'clock last evening on
the'Cbicagb r and Alton, ore and a half
miles east of this city, resulting in the
death of two persons and the injury of •
another. The deal are: Charles Eurat,
engineer, ' '■' Evansville, lnd., married
Charles Rymal, iSlnttr. Mo., brakeraan.
Injured: "Harry McClain, Slater, Alo.,
fireman. "Fireman , McClain was badly
scalded, bm will recover.
XEV TO- DAT.
A Doctor
Who Visits
Every Home
, You will naturally wonder how a physi-
cian can visit every household through-
out the country. He, does' it in this way.
This little article goes Into 'every home,
and throue^i It Doctor Cook speaks to J
every' family. He speats'to you. 'He f
asks you, in sacred confidence, the follow- 1
iug questions, which you will do well to
answer in person or by letter: •
Ladies
, Is your natural sickness easy ?
Is it regular T
Have you periodical headaches T
Do you have bearing-down pAins?
Do you feel tired or languid ?
Is your womb disarranged ?
Is your complexion sallow ?
Are you subject to dizzy spells ?
, . Are you constipated?. ..
- Are you losin? you- appetite?
; Have you rlnp.ing in the ears f •
Have you leucorrhceai discbarges?
Are your nerves unstrung ?
Have you hysteria ?
Is your sleep sound ?
Do you have cold feet ? 1° ''■"
Gentlemen
■ ■ . Arc you wealc ?
Is your sleep refreshing ?
Do you have emissions ?
Have you day losses 7 , -
Do you have pimples ?
Do you snun society ?
Are you lacking in sel'-confidence ?
Do you have dizziness *
Are your thoughts gloomy ?
Is your memory poor ?
.'-'■. Have yon>weak bRCK ?
Do your kidneys pHin?
Have you exhausted your vitality .' ;
Are you sexually weak ?
Do you contemplate marriage ? "
Are you fit tor matrimony ?
As these symptoms become more promi-
nent the beauty of womannood and the
power, of manhood disappear. Try and
act bacK what you have lost. Explain
your condition 10 Doctor ' Cook, ; who is •
recognized everywhere as the greatest
living specialist on all sexual diseases of
both sexes. : ;
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert on Fe-
male Complaints, Piles, Rupture, Rheuma-
tism, Catarrh, Blood and < Pkin Diseases, and
Diseases of the Eye, Ear, Brain, Nose, Throat,
Heart, Lungs, Mver, st>mach, Kidneys, Blad-
der and Urinsry Organs. :.
•: Maii v Treatment' always satlsfactorv—
therefore write if you cannot <a 1. : FREE
BOOK on nervous ati<i sexual diseases to all
describing their troubles. . Office hours— to <
12 A. M.. a to 5 and 7 to BP. M. Sundays 10
to 12 A. M only. Address :
DOCTOR COOK, |f n^ c ||'
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
ISA- riWEKt'UL '•- APK ODISIAC. ASD
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orx&m
of totb sexes, «nd great remedy for diseases of
the s kidneys and bladder. '- A great Kestoratlva,
Invlgorator and Nervinp. Sells on its own mi;
no long- winded testimonials nece sary. , , i
NAi.Ki:. ALiS&bKUNE, A ents. I
823 Market St.. S. i-'. — (Send tor Circular)!
IdrTmcmjlty. .
T IK WEr.LKXOWN AND RKLrABLE OU>
X Bpw!allsi rure* I'rlvaiP.Nervous.HlooduiidSkin
DisfHses of Men only. ■ Manly Power restoreil Over
I ajyears' experience. , Send for Book.lree. Patient*
enredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hour*. 9to 3
<lailv ;«:30 to B.3o ev'irs. . Sundays, 10 to 12. Oinnalw-
tionfree and siicri-dlyeonfldentUl. CalioraddreM
P. ROSCOE VI.TT. 31. D.,
26>,' Kcarnf Street, Man Fraaciww. <-'»!•TURKISH WARSHIPS
FIRE ON CRETANS
Twice the Performance Is
Stopped by Europsan
Powers.
At Present the Cities Are the
Oniy P aces Free From
Fight ng.
Korahas, the Insurgent Chief, Permfh
Poor Moslems to Till the ;
Field-.
C'AXEA, Crete, Feb. '28.— The presence '
of foreign warships" . ff this port has not
had the effect of preventing rightinc be- j
tween the insurgents and the Turks, save ;
in the town itself, where a comparatively I
sm:ill force of sailors and marines were re- !
cently landed for the purpose of preserv- 1
ing order. A skirmish occurred to-day at j
CROWN^PRINCE CONSTANTINE, in Whoss Favor King
George of Greece May Abdicate the Throne
Malaxa, a short distance from Canea, in
which the Turks were worsted, althouch
they outnumbered the Christians. The !
tenting at Malaga aro«e from a fruitless
attempt on the part of the Moslems, aided.
b>- a detachment of Turkish troops, to re
v:cti:3l the blockhoa«e where the Turkish
-srrison has been blockaded for a number
i:' days. The Moslems made a sortie, bat
the insurgents were prepared far just such
a move ami attacked the party furiously,
finally driving them back. During the
tizhtinf; a heavy lire was directed upon the
Christians from the Turkish arsenal in
Canea. It had. however, very little effect,
snd she Christians still maintain the po- j
si ions held by them prior to the fight.
Further fighting has occurred in the
vicinity of Heraklion. As heretofore, the j
insurgents under Korkuras repulsed the j
Tor tee.
A Turkish warship in Suda Bay to-day
began the bombardment of a position oc
cupied by insurgents, but before she had i
done much firing her commander received
word from the representatives of the
foreign powers that he muse silence his j
puns or take the consequences. This is j
the ?econd time that the insurgents near |
Bnda Bay have been fired upon by a Turk- j
ish warship.
Tne Graft* Korahas, who at the head of j
r>ooo insureents has invested the town of j
UerakiiOQ, has given permission to the j
Turks to leave the place in order that they |
ma/ cultivate the lands adjacent tc the j
town. His action, however, is looked i
upon with suspicion by many Moslems, j
they believing that it is his intention to
benefit from the labors of the Turks by !
.-ejzing their crops when they are ripe. j
On the other band those who are ac- i
quainted with the character of Korahas
declare that he is a just and humane man,
and that his only object in permitting the
Turks to till the fields is to prevent suffer
ing from famine among the women and
children in the belcaguere i town.
Sevaral British und. ltalian oliicera re
cently visited the camp of Kjrahas, whera
they were treated with much courtesy.
They were astonished D 7 the excellent
discipline maintained amone the insur-
I gents, and by the perfection of their or
l/'inizHtiou, all of which is dv* to Korahas,
y 1 appears to be a born leader of men.
iie is enthusiastic in support of the cause
of the Cretans, and his force will be no
unimportant factor should Turkey at
tempt to quell the insurrection oy force
of arras.
Tewfik Pasha, the new military Gov
ernor, iirr.vel here to-day and raid visits
to th« several consuls.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 28.— A number
of Cretan deputies, needed by the Bishop
of Ketimo. visiieu King George to-day
and presented :o him a memorial which
in effect declared th.it the establishment
of autonomous government in Crete would
not result in the pacification of the island.
Such a form of Government would only
p epaio tne way to fresh revolution and
endnnzor the peac« of JEurope. The C re- I
tans, therefore, had irmly decided not :o
accept autonomy, but to continue their
struggle to realize union with Greece, |
which, the memorial added, even the j
Mussulmans were beginning to agree we a |
the only practical solution of tne situa
tion. %
THHEATESLIi BX VAMI*
-Vut Danjtr* Ahead for the Inhabitants
of Crrte.
CAXEA, Crete, Feb. 2S.— A new danger
threatens this unfonuviate inland, and if
)m is 10 be averted a speedy settlement of
I ii present d (Realties must be arrived at
'Every day the situation is becoming more
desperate, owing to the fact that tnrouch
o:;t the island the state of war prevents
any attention being paid to th' crops.
The towns which are besieced by the in
surgents are in a much worie condition
than thus- m the country districts.
In Heraklion alone, where there has
oeen a very la vat? Influx of refugees, the
outlook is very serious. There is now in
the town, counting the regular Moslem
population and the refugees, fully 25,003
persons.
Provisions are very scarce and a famine
Is imminent. Large numbers of the refu
gees are already dying from starvation,
and it was the knowledge of this fact that
led Koraha% the Greek leader, to issue vis
order to permit tne cultivation of fields
near the town. The lines of the besiegers
are absolutely impassable, as has been
proved by the faiiure of several sorties
thnt nave been made. The officials in the
town h tve telegraphed to Canea implor
ing the assistance of foreign warships in
raising the siege, but it is no* considered
likely that their supplication will receive
a favorable response, though provisions
may be sent to the starving. Korahns has
not yet cut off the water supply. Should
he carry this threat into execution the
condition of the besieged people would be
pitiable in tl>6 extreme.
Korahas, with part of his forces, is ad
vancing upon Hierapetra. He will pass
through the turbulent district of Lasithi,
and the populace there is certain to join
him. It is pretty certain that the garri
son at Hierapetra will have to capitulate
when the insurgents reach there unless
the foreign warships help the Turks.
O:\ March 3 the armistice of a week
aereed to between the Moslems and Chris
tians at Selino will expire. The position
of the Moslems there is very precarious.
The insurgents are so incense 1 over the
bombardment of Akrotiri that it is con
sidered doubtful whether they will listen
to the persuasion of Colonel Vassos, the
commaDder of the Greek army of occupa-
tion, who has promised to use his influ
ence to obtain tne release of the besieged
Moslems.
It has been learned that the righting at
Maiaxa resulted in the killing of eight
Turks and the woundins of many others.
The Christian losses, if any, are unknown.
The engagement caused the most intanse
excitement here, and prompted incen
diarism in the vicinity of .the town. Two
villages and several isolated houses were
destroyed.
OESXIiE TO MAiyXAIX ACE.
German* Act in thn t retnn Irouble With
I hat f'irtc.
BERLIN, 'Germany, Feb. 28.— Whatever
may be thought or said outside of Ger
many as to the Kaiser's line of action in
I the Grreco-Cre an imbroglio, the dom
inant, if not the unanimous, opinion in
Germany i* that it has been consistent
with his whole eastern policy, and in
j spired by a desire to maintain peace. The
home papers which insinuate and the for
: eign papers which openly affirm that fam
| ily affairs have been any element in infill
; encing the Kaiser choose to ignore facts
j which ought by this time to be open to
j the world. There is no feud or ill-will
I now existing between the Kaiser and his
I sister, the Duchess of Sparta, wife of the
i Greek heir apparent. The unconcealed
; disfavor with which he treated herconver
j sion from the Lutheran to the Greek
I church is a matter of past history. The
! Emperor's mother wa? the medium of
; early reconciliation, and the harmony of
affection between the Kaiser and his
' favorite sister has long been restored.
! That the Kaiser sought, first of all, the
. support 01 Russia for his proposal to
blockade the Pirrcus should dispose of the
! report that family considerations weighed
! largely with the Czar.
The Kaiser can be expected to Know
1 how far the fact that King George is
j brother of the Dowager I zarina would af
j feet Russian policy. Tne history of our
•■ own time aff orris an illustration. When
! Prussia in JSCG despoiled tne Grand Duke
of Hesse-Darmstadt, brother of t!ie then
Czarina, the Czar, Alexander 11, declined
; to interfere privately or through diplo
, tnacy, and whea Prussia annexed Hol
| stein-Gottorp, lone associated with the
Russian dynasty, nothing was said from
St. Petersburg.
That the Dowager Czarina has perso'n
-1 ally interfered on bjehalfof King George
is beyond all probability. The telegram
of encouragement and sympathy from her
to the King w.hich has gone the rounds of
the European presi was a fabrication, and
events since have proved that Czar end
Kaiser alike are guided by motives in
which family relations plsy no important
part. The actual truth, so far as the
Kaiser has taken any lead upon the
Cretan difficulty, is that his arm has been
to prevent or at all hazards to postpone
the breaking up of Turkey aud to stop
Greece from entering upon a war which,
j unless accompanied by a general confla
gration in the Balkan peninsula, mi»ht
involve the devastation of Greece and the
I overthrow of King Goorge.
The Kaiser has been in consultation
with German oilicers who have served in
the reorganization of. tie Turkish army
and has obtained during the present crisis
reports from the German staff still con
nected with the Turkish forces. Their re
ports concur in stating that the position
of Greece, if assafled by land, is abso
lutely hopeless. The Turks are immeas
urably better prepared for an immediate
campaign on the Tilessalian frontier.
' The Porte seems to have anticipated a
possible outbreak of war with Greece and
got ready for it. Early in the month they
bad 20.000 troops around the base of Olym
pus and were prepared to direct that force
in two columns from the Olympus and
Elassona district!, upon Thessaiia. The
Turkish army is reinforced 10 45,000.
Against them the Greeks nave but a feeble
force between Larissaand Pbaralessa, and
only began when the storm seemed.gath
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
ering to throw up some works around
Larissa which had long been projected
but persistently neglected. These Turk
ish frontier troops are well equipped with
artillery, the infantry are armed with the
Peabody- Martini rifle, ana they are well
led and, altogether, in good trim.
According to the opinion of the
German officers best able to calculate the
course of events the Turkish force by it
self would suffice to overrun the Greek
mainland. O; course a prolonged war. in
which the powers would stand aloof and
let Turkey once more conquer Greece, is
not to be thought of. The total war
strength of Greece would count for some
thin? only if Turkey had simultaneously
to suppress insurrection in Macedonia and
to meet in the field the combined forces of
6eiVia, Bulgaria and Montenegro. Even
then, if none of the powers intervened, the
military opinions here quoted believe that
the Turks ivoul 1 hold their own. The
combined strength of Greece and the
awful consequence of cuaining the tre
mendous forces of war and rapine in
Turkey were undoubtedly the weightiest
questions with the Kaiser.
King George may yet have to thnnk
German policy for the safety of himself
ami his Kingdom. In the Graeco-Cretan
negotiation?, proceeding at Stamboul la«t
week, Baron Saurma yon Jeltsch has
taken no obtrusive pare.
The Sultan has sometimes been in direct
communication by wire with the Kaiser
and has consulted Baron Saurma, it is
said, on every important development.
The entente betweeu the Kaiser and the
Sultan, however, as far as it extends, has
has r.o element of hostility 10 Greece. The
Berlin Government supports the powers
in any Foluiion that will avert 'general
war. The creation of an autonomous Crete,
under a Greek prince wi>h the Suitan as
suzerain or with the Prince Mavrocor
datos as Governor, has had backing from
German diplomacy- It ought, however,
to be frankly stated that the union of the
island to Greece has not the entire ap
proval of Germany. It is feared and be
lieved that Crete, under Greek rule, would
continue to be the Beat of chronic insur
rection and disorder.
IN A DEN OF HORRORS.
A/most Incredib'e Story of Her Treatment
in L üban Prisons fs Told by
Mrs. Rodriguez.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 23.— Last night's
steamer brought to this city another vic
tim of Spanish brutality, Mrs. Eva Adan
j Rodriguez, who, together with Conc-'P
cion Agramonte de Sanchez, Ga
briel de Vron, Maria A uilar and
Augu M. Silva, rJI of the finest families
on the island of Cuba, were arrested on
January 10 last and thrown into a dirty,
damp Spanish prison, among a lot of low,
abandoned women, witboui the slightest
charge having been preferred against
them. They were kept for twenty days
in a state of "incommunicado" when
they were marcheJ through the streets
with a number of criminals, some of
wnom were in chains, surrounded by an
armed guard to the depot and placed on
; a train bcund to Xuevitas and from there
to Hanava by steamer.
On the train they were confined in a car
filled with men, and were not allowed any
: conveniences, but instead they were al-
I lowed to pay for a few comforts. They
I arrived at Havana on February 4 last.
I Her case was called to the attention of
■ Consul-General I^ee, who .immediately
i communicated witu the acting Captain-
I General, Marquis Auuniada, and de
! mandea her release.
On arrivine at Havana she was taken to
the public j til and then to the House of
Refuge, a place set aside forlallen women.
This place was filled with women afflicted
with lo.ithsome diseases and -locked with
lice. Even the officials advised Mrs. Rcd
riguez to be careful and not come in con
tact with these poor wretches.
She was detained iv this den of horrors
for tiiirty-two hours, wuen she was re
leased on condition that she would not re
main in Havana. Immediately on her re
lease she sent for her two little daughters,
who had been left at Puerto Principe, and
! on their arrivat at Havana Mrs. Rod
' riguez requested Consul-Generai Leo 10 se
! cure her a passport from the Captain
j General. She is profuse in her thanks to
; General Lee for the aid he rendered her.
Her husband i<» now in command of the
insurgents in Havana province in the
place ol General Aguirre. The Insur
gents, she says, are about to concentrate
their forces in and around Havana. The
report of cane grinding on different
estates she declares are absolutely false.
An attempt was .made to grind on tlie
Calyo estate last week, but tne insurgents
burned them out.
SAXOUJLLT I-H.nsl.s ZEE.
Speaks of Him a* "a fJignifled, Jirave,
Xoble Anieriotl." ■
NEW YORK, N. V., March I— A dis
patcli to the Sun from Havana says: Be
fore General banguilly left for Key \Ve<t
Saturday, accompanied by his wife, his
son and bis adopted daughter, he ex
pressed himself to lriends on some phases
of ca«e.
lie said that the. news of his release
greatly surprised him. He was despond
ent as to the success of the diplomatic
efforts of Consul-Generai Lee and friends
in Washington to secure his liberty, and
was prepared to receive bad news about
his appeal to the Supreme Court at Mad
rid. Of Consul-Generai Lee Sanguilly
spoke in the Inchest praise.
"Up is a dignified, brave, noble Ameri
can. His efforts in behalf of the Ameri
cans in Cuba are beyond all praise. In
my case General Lee, from the time of his
landing in Cubit, showed the grea;est in
terest, and I am obliged to hint for his
personal kindness and his constant desire
to better my situation."
All the efforts of Sanpruilly's wife to ob
tain from General \Ve\ ler permission to
let Sanguilly have a walk of half un hour
daily in the fresh air while guarded by
soldiers was useless. She applied
os a last resource to Consul-Gen
eral Lee and General Lee called
on General Weyler, telling him that
Sanguitiy's health wes in danger by
reason of the unhealthfuines* of his posi
tion. Other prisoners, confined there for
non-political cause?, enjoy the privilege of
so breathing the fresh air.
Weyler net' oniy refuted the favcr to
Sanguilly, but he did still more. General
I^ee himself was deprived by order of the
captain-general of the right of entering
the cell of Sanguilly when he called at the
fortress.
The American Consul could not see the
American citizen except at a distance of
eieht paces through the grated window of
Sanguillv's dungeon nnd in the presence
of four armed soldiers who had instruc
tions o fire on either one of them at the
least suspicious. movement.
The condition of the Cuban prisoner* in
the forire s of I»* Cabana Sanguilly de
scribed as horrible. His former coun -el,
Miguel Viondi, arrested under no evidenc
at aU, is confined in a dirty cell with
twenty more. They cannot go out a mia
uto to take the fresh air..
SWELL AFFAIRS IN
THE FATHERLAND
Brilliant Costumes Worn at
the Weisse Kreuse
. Ball.
American Colony in Berlin Yet
...• Discussing the Übl Re
ception.
An Internat.onal Congress on Legis
lation fcr Working Classes to
B9 Hsld.
■ '
BERLIN, GEE.MANY.Feb. 28— An inter
national conuress on legislation for the
working classes meets here in September
next. The programme for discussion as
now prepared has specific reference to
German- legislation, but includes also
questions relating to the workers of other
countries. . The congress will consider
first what useful changes in legislation to
the workers have occurred in each ; coun
try since the congress convened in Berlin
in IS9O, on tho initiative of the Kaiser.
Then follow general questions: "Ought
workmen to be submitted to a protective
regime, and how far is protection bene
ficial?" "Are international protective
measures for workmen beneficial?" "Are
intercational protective measures for
workmen possible and desirable?"
"Ought international bureaus for the col
lection and distribution of trades statistics
be established?" /",;
These, besides matters relating to pro
tection of miners, the duties of inspectors
of mines and factories and other cognate
subjects, will be considered.
The Berlin Fecht Club, under the presi
dency of United States Consul-General De
Kay, is forming a German Fechterbund
on lines simiiar to the fencing union or
eanized by De Kay in America some years
ago. The tirjt meeting of the bund will
be held on the 6th of March in th» hall of
the Berlin Fecht C.'ub. Mr. D« Kay will
deliver the opening aadress. Ofl the even
ing of March 7 tho bund will Hold a fenc
ing contest, followed by a dinner.
An American diplomat just returned
from Vienna speaks in glowine terms of
the '"Weisse Kreuse" ball which is the
culminating event of the Vienna season.
Tho costume-, he says, beat those dis
played at the Berlin imperial court, and,
of course, in Austrian opinion the historic
luster of the names of the wearers of these
cosily costumes outvies by many centuries
those met with in Berlin society. Countess
Goiuchowski wore aduche*se robe, small
corsage, draped with lace, trimmed with
black violets. Countess Budeni wore a
heavy while brocade robe, tne corsage cov
ered with diamonds and trimmed with
white roses. Baroness yon Biliuska was
atlired in a white moire broc.ide robe,
mousselino frills, trimmed with black vio
let?. Countess Aroni wore a white brocade
robe and corsage in violet?. The Princess
Schwarzenbere, ihe Princess Pallavicini,
the Countess Esterhazy, Countess Fugger
and Countess Kielniansegg rivaled each
other in the display of diamonds. Countess
Kielmanseeg wo« a 4 *3iamond corsage,
trimmed with while paradi.-e birds. Tlie
Baroness Etisen was distinguished in a
light green ducbesse robe, with a low cor
sage, consisting mostly of a branch of
white roses drawn over the shouider to
the point of the taille iront and back.
Sporting circles are still deepl}' con
cerned in the question: What is to be
done with the mare Lillie Kneebe«, alias
Bethel, which was confiscated by tlie
Prussian State after the arrest ot Bob
Kneebes, ths American trotting-horse
owner, on charges of "ringing. 11 and was
condemned to bo sold to cover the ex
penses of Kneebss' prosecution. A pro
test tias now been lodged by Kneebes' son
in-law against the enforce i saie of tne
mare by auction, his plea being that he is
the real owner of Bethel and that the
mare must be given up 10 him if the court
holds that it i 3 really Bethel which the
authorities have in their possession. The
question will be fought out in the Berlin
Civil Court. In the meantime Kneebes is
■ confined in the Ploetzensee prison and it
is generally hoped that he will De one of
the number who will be benefited by the
amnesty wnich v» ill be granted to certain
prisoners upon the occasion of the cen
tenary of Emperor William I on March 22.
The German committees in St. Louis
Chicago and other cities in the United'
States have s>nt orders to Berlin to have
wrea'hs placed upon the monument to the
tirat Emperor William upon the occasion
of tne commemoration of the celebration
of tne hundredth anniversary of ins birth.
The American colony In Berlin are still
discussing the reception given by United
States Kmbassador Uhl and Mrs. Uhl on
Washing oil's birthday. The function
was a veritable crush, the guests some
times so completely tilling the spacious
hall forming the entrance to the Etnbassa
dor's residence tuat movement was im
possible, yet everything was conducted in
perfect order and without a single hitca.
At ihe banquet, which was held in the
Kaiserhof Hotel subsequent to the recep
tion, Mr. Uhi's spetcu in reply to the
toast to the memory of Washington was
repeatedly cheerfd, and the addie^s de
livered by J. Monagban, United States
Consul at Chemnitz, in which he touched
upon the An^lo- American arbitration
treaty, was frequently applauded.
Count Posauowsky-Wehner, Imperial
Minister of the Treasury, has ca.led a
meeting of persons interested in flour anil
grain nulling throughout Germany to dis
cuss tne troubles connected with the cus
toms treatment of grains and flour. This
steo seems to bo the beginning of an in
quiry preliminary to the revision of the
commercial treaties recently announced in
the Kcichstng.
Tne Foreign Office received a telegram
last evening irom Lord Salisbury <ouvey
ing the purport of the ultimatum to
Greece, which has been postponed by the
powers, and will be presented by them
jointly to the Hellenic Government. The
text of the agreement shows That a modi
fication of the proposals made by Russia
toproceed at once upon the application of
rigid coercive measures against Greece
nave te?n modified.
The Berlin ana Frankfort bourses closed
strong in tone yesterday. Home teciiri
ties and Austrian bank shares showed a
substantial advance for me week.
The convention between Rus-ia and
Japan, tne purpose of whicn is ja*t made
puolic, is ascertained to nave been signed
in Moscow by the late Prince Lobanoff,
Russian Minister of Fo eign Affairs, aim
Field Marshal Yamagata, the Jupanese
Envoy, upon ihe occasion of the latter's
visit to Russia la-t June as the repre
seniai.ve of the Emperor of Japan at the
ceremonies attending the coronation of
the (Jzar. The tenor of the agreement has
been known to the German Govern men!,
for a long time, and it is nrobabio that it
was also known to the British Govern
ment. The treaty is clearly a slap in the
face of England, which power Japan will
oppos-e ii Great Britain suould attempt to
siize Port Hamilton. By the lerrus of ihe
convention Japan retains cont/ol of th
telegraph lines in Korea with the excep
tion of the line which the Rnsjinn Gov
ernment is to construct to Seoul Tne
publication of the provisions of th" con
vention is associated with the prcjectPd
Korean loan, whica will ba gained by
Russia and Japan.
The costume festival which was given
at the Schloss last evening, surpassed in
grandeur any function of the kind ever
held in Berlin and exceeded in magni
ficence the most extravagant expectations.
The German binietallist leaders assert
that United States Senator Wolcott, who
recently visited Europe in the interest of
bimetallism, obtained an understanding
with France that that Government would
take part in an international monetary
conference. It is understood here that
Mr. Wolcott's negotiations with the British
officials in London concerned tne re
opening of the Indian mints, the holding
in the Bank of England issue department
the full amount of silver authorized by the
bank act and the raising of the legal ten
der standard of silver to £10.
A dispatch from Moscow says that the
chess-piayer A. W. Steinitz, who is now
lying seriously ill, both physically and
mentally, in that city, is improving and
there are Lopes of his recovery.
GATHERING AT WASHINGTON.
Many Distinguished Persons Arrive to
Witness the Inauguration, but the
Rush /s Yet to Com 3.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— The
inaugural crowds have not begun to ar
rive yet owing, it is explained, to the lim
iied time allowed by the railroads on ex
cursion tickets, and except for the sug
gestiveness of the holiday appearance
given the town by the decorations on pub
lic buildings, business houses, hotels and
residences and the reviewing stands there
is little to indicate that the Nation's great
quadrennial event is at hand. Around
some of the hotels, however, tnere is a
bustle tnat tells of the coming ceremonies.
Ai the Ebbitt llouse.where Mr. McKinley
will stop ;or the two days prior to moving
into the executive mansion, and the Ar
lington, where Mr. Hanna has taken
quarters, the centers of popular interest
are located.
Mr. Hanna had many callers to-day, but
managed to find time to pay a visit to in
augural headquarters. J. Addison Porter,
who will be secretary to the Dew Presi
dent, also visited the inaugural com
mittee. Governor Bushnell and wife of
Ohio, the members of the Governor's stalf
and a large party of friends are registered
at the Arlington. Senator-elect T. C.
Piatt of New York and Mrs. Platt arrived
I this morning and also took quarters at the
Arlington. Others who registered there
to-lay are General and M;s. J. E. Lawes
of Ohio, ex-Governor Stewart ot Vermont,
J. B. Foraker J r. of Cincinnati, a son of the
Senator-elect, and Judce Hill of Chicago.
Abner McKinley of New York, a brother
cf the President-elect, reached Washing
to-day. He was accompanied by Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and Miss Mabel McKinley. They
were assigned to apartment* in the suite
of thirty rooms reserved at the Eobitt for
the Presidential party.
Hon. James Wilson of lowa, the new
Secretary of Agriculture, arrived last night
and went to the Ebbitt. Other arrivals a:
the Ebbitt are: General 0. O. Howard,
U. S. A., retired, now a resident of Bur
lington, Vt., and his wife and daughter;
D. D.Woodmansee of Cincinnati, president
of the League of Republican Clubs, and
wifo; John K. Gowdy of Rushviile, lud.,
National Committeeman from his State,
who has been promised the lucrative
position of Consul-General at Paris, and
Senator-elect Banks of Indianapolis and
family.
Governor Tanner of Illinois, with the
members of his staff and a number of
Illinois Republicans, reached Washington
to-night six hours late. The party regis
tered at the Shoreham. A reception in
honor of the Governor will be given Tues
day by ex-Congressman Abner Taylor of
Chicago, and lbs same evening he will
hold a public reception arranged by the
lihnois Republican Association.
LAMOSI'S ntKITY PRECEDENT.
Th« Secretary of War Honor* General
itfrr. Hi* tincceß*or.
WASHINGTON, D; C. Feb. 28.— The
Secretary of War established a graceful
precedent last night by two handsome
entertainments in honor of his successor.
The first was a Winner at which Secretary
and Mrs. Lamont bad to meet General
and Mrs. Alger, Gsnetal and Mrs. Miles
and General Haggles, Mrs. Philip Sneri
dan, Senator and Mrs. Elkins, (Senator
and Mrs. McMillan and Rev. and Mrs.
Radcliffe. The decorations were yellow
and the flowers daffodils. Followinz the
dinner there was a reception by ail the
ollicers stationed here in uniforms and
accompanied by their wives, all the other
Cabinet officers and other Government
officials also taking advantage of the op
portunity to take leave of the old and
greet the new Secretary.
Calve* JlaunAleiit Popularity.
CHICAGO. 111.. Feb. 28.— The popu
larity of Mme. Calve in the title role of
"Carmen" was again demonstrated this
afternoon. Tnc size and enthusiasm of
the brilliant nudience wer' equal to the
opening night of the grand opera season.
The rest of the cast shar d in ihe ap
plause so lavishly bestowed on the primn
donna. Tie prospects are now lor a suc
cessful engagement in Chicago.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red Letter Day."
Certain items each Monday, you know.
One day and only one. Think, but think
quickly. . ;":"
For to-day's selling:
Enameled Beds.
® _V C ' Nothing is too good for
"STl^tftTl "Red Letter Days." Enam-
T l£) " :C> eled beds are the most stylish
I I:^ f i, -i? merchandise in the store, yet
1 { [11 1 j c w^ti" fc 1 = f 3 =f * they're not spared. ;,;• ;
f^ . l\ ! The show includes every
■ f^^ 3 i** i " sort and size.
i"S -- :_ = = =qE?^:i Some fag ends of stock, but
'CCtUtElfi the only way you'd know it
. v is. by the little price.
The best- metal beds 'in Pdces will; run about like
America are made by Adams .| b ' od5J po at $18 .
& WeStlake. ' p beds go at $13. ■■■•■; - : • ■
... , "  T-i . • $18 bod.T co at $12.
We have them. This is one. $i beds go at *io.
Enameled white, brass nobs l^'tdf go^f [  ;,
and top rails. ; f - These prices mean brisk
; Price, wim straight foot rail $io- was selling, so come as early as
Wi.xtith curved foot rail, $i2-was $15. ° tome as cany as
Any size you want. yOU Can.
California Furniture Company.
: ■ • N. P. Cole & Co., V - carpet 3
1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street. M«?un g3 .
McKINLEY'S LAST
SABBATH AT HOME
Attends Divine Servics and
Listens to Prayer for
His Guidance.
All Preparations Made for t.e
Departure of the Presi
dential Train.
It Will Consist of Seven Pu Iman Cars
end Convey Ab ut Sixty-ftve
Persons-
CA.NTON, Ohio, Ffib. 2?.— Major Mc-
Kinley's last Sunday at his Canton home
before setting out for Washington to bs
inaugurated President of the United
States was marked by no unusual hap
penings. He wenc to the Methodist
Church, of which he was a member since
he was 17 years old. Major McKinley
drove to the church, and was accompanied
by Captain Hoestan and George E. Morse
of San Francisco. Snow was faliing rap
idly and almost obscured the Major's
figure as he walKed from ihe carriage to
the church.
Major McKinley joined with apparent
relish in the singing of the opening hymn,
"Jesus Reigns." Dr. C. E. Manchester,
the pastor, who was a member of Major
McKiniey's regiment during the war, said
In his prayer:
O Lord, bless our Nation; grant that pence
ana righteousness may prevail. We pray thee
that thy blessing may'b,- on the President ot
the United States In the closing days of his eil
rnimstratiou and that nothing may be uone
displeasing to thee. Let thy blessing rest
vi on thy servant who hns beeu chosen' to be
the chief executive of tins Nation. We pray
thee to go with him ;l give him moref aitii
in thee; may he be sustained by the prayers of
thy people, that he may carry out thy will.
We pray thee to manifest thyself to him and
to all of us.
Dr. Manchester found his text in the
third verse of the twenty-first chapter of
St. Matthew, "The Lord hath need." His
tneme was the higher life. In speaking of
home training he paid in a delicate, indi
recf way a beautiful tribute to Mother
McKinley. Li conclusion Dr. Manchester
said:
"llow shall wn preserve the peace of
nations? What are we to do for this great
iand of ours? There is one thought In all
our minds this morning as our dear
brother and friend goes out to take up the
duties that lie before him: Our prayers
that he do aright the great work set before
him."
B. F. McKinley of San Francisco, an
nncle of the President-elect, arrived in
Canton to-day. He will accompany the
Presidential party :o Washington.
All preparations forle!>vin« Canton have
been made at the McKinley home. Mr.
and Mrs. Lafayette Williams ot Chicago,
who are to share the private car occupied
I by Mujor and Mrs. McKiniey, will arrive
I here to-morrow.
The Presidential train will consist of
1 seven car?, a combination baggage and
smoking car, a handsome new Pullman
for the newspaper correspondent", two
Pullmans, a private car for Mother Mc-
Kinley and her party and a second private
cur, which will be the last car on the train
j and will be occupied by the President
elect. The train will be preceded by one
bearinp tt;e Cleveland Troop, which is go
ing to do escort duty. There will be about
sixty-rive persons on Major McKinlev's
special train, most o; them beinpreiatives
or close friends of the Prosident-eiect.
The train conveying the President-elect
will leave Canton al 7 o'clock Monday
night and it is scheduled to arrive in
Washineton at llo'clock Tuesday. It will
no; be run at a hish rate of speed on ac
count of Major MoKi.iiey's venerable
mother and other ladies who will be pas
sengers on it. Safety and comfort will be
the end sought rainer than swiftnes?.
Major McKinley will probably say a few
j words of farewell to his friends and
I neigiibors before the train leaves Canton.
!■ He is to be escorted to tde train by several
] thousand Canton people ami the streeis
j alone the line of march will be brilliantly
! illumina'.ed.
Major und Mrs. McKinl^y took a drive
this afternoon. Thy are both in posses
sion of their usual health. In the even
ing a lew friend*) came in to say good-by.
Plentrd Mini lianna'* Appointment.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Fab. 28.— The Re- '
publican city convention haa unani- |
mously adopted the following:
We unanimously coneratulate Governor Asa
Bushnell for appointing Hon. M. A. Henna to
succeed Hon. Jnnn Saerman nnd predict the
return of the prosperity promised duriu<; the
lnie Presidential ciniDai-ju when b McKinley
pdministratioi!, bHC»ed by a Republican
House and Senate, wllA the hearty support of
Ohio's two Senators, Foraker and lianna, shall
have been insta led and settled in charge ot
the effairs of theNatio;i.
SEW TO-DAT.' - J*^ ; .f'^ i
This Week.
Breakfast Sets
Very Pretty, and sncl ;
Cheap Prices.
EYm'BOPY AFFORD ONE.
'■■ A', PIECES 'Pure White English ft T^v
fr»sB Porcelain, complete English A "7C
Porcelain, corayleie tot six ■*«•«-»
111 persons, quality warranted i X : '-'■.
\JV very be5t..........*. 6m prset
M PIECES Beautifu' Summer-
ly § I time Decoration, Gold Enam- n f\f\
| SI eled Handles ana Gold Trim- M ivU
Ww min«s, complete for six per- |L . . ,
sons, warranted best quality. T^ pr set
PIECES Autumn Wild Flow-
pb f% er iJecoration, , with Gold
Mer liocoration, with Trim- a <)C
HRiidles and Gold Trim- a QC
|D| mings, very pretty, complete 18 «^i«J
VV for six persons, best quality, IX.
wurrp.nied I prset
M. PIECES Handsome Chrysan-
themum Decoration, Gold 11- ■ "7f^
luminaied, Gold Handles and n • I ♦-'
Gold Trimmings, a real gem, U
complete for six persons | pr sot
PIECES Apple Blossom Deco-
-sf*L ration, Handles and Trim- '. •
3 3 mings in Gold, complete for f\ "7R
DB six persons, rich and hand- lj« I sJ
W aome, quality warranted very ||
best V pr sec
Tea, Dinner and
Breakfast Sets.
Newest
Shapes, Richest Decorations,
AT
Winning Pries.
Given Free:
A ft jee Present to Each Cnstomer.
OPERATING
OO STORES
ENABLES US TO SELL
Very Cheap.
Great American ImjortiiiiTH Col
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Ihird st. .
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore »t.
617 Kcsrny st, 065 Market st.
- 1419 Polk «t. 3006 Sixteenth st*
-•Ji Montzonsenr •▼*. ioa Second st.
BJ3 Hayes st. 3285 Mission at.
' 52 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
h>B3 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
■Si 6ua Pablo ye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaal
135S Park at.. Alameda.
jiiisiliiii
• GREAT I
i %a^ !l
I OP THE AGE I
liV 111 I
\\ 'Which is an external and internal *j'
II romody without an equal. !!
• NOT II lEW PREPARATION, BHT.'OIE |
I .'THIMiAS STOOD THfc ItST OF OWIR
]; A QUARTER GF A CENTURY. f
§ ■ < I
\ ; Thousands of persons all ♦
I oyer the United States j;
j ; gra tefully praise Dr. Mar- ; ;
j 1 tin's Pain Curer and are j ;
; ; never without it. «;
< ■ 4 ,
o < 1
< ► The Cnrer Is , free from all Injurious < >
9 and poisonous ■ properties, and is en- i '
A tirely vegetable in its composition. ■ It j
♦ tones up and strengthens the system, 4 <
2 purifies tbe blood, expels bad matter •
m from the organs of the body generally, j [
♦ promotes digestion, regulates the appe- <>
x tito and secures a healthy state of the ; O
Q . system and its various functions. Taken a
♦ ■: occasionally as a preventive of disease, \ ♦
2 it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ' J
i \ jby promoting henlthfal action of the ■ ( f
2 slcin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, i*
J ; bowels, l^er, tidneys, bladder, Rpieen, J J
fi • spinal ccftmii, and the whole nervous 4 |
2 system. ,It is also especially always ♦
5 ' WOMAN'S FKIEND, and is . unequalod 9
I FORTHE PREVENTION ftHD CURE ||
• . . —OF— O
q lihentnatlsm, Neuralgia, Pains in . [
4£ General, Bowel Complaints. l>ys- a
" pepsla, Dysentsry, Cholera Mor- 9
II bus, , Diphtheria, Sore . Throat, | !
4 > l*noHiuuni», Di*betcs, Nervous 4 >
I I 'Complaints, Disease of the Stom- 9
( I ash and Bowels Generally, l.lv«-r £
4 > Complaints, Kidney Complaints, ' 4%
I' Sciatica, liumbago, Colds, Cougha, 9
(^ Local and General Debility, Hc»d- J
J h ache, Karache, Toothache. SlcJc- *4*
I , ness in Stomach Backache, liurns, r 9
@ Swellings, Boils, Sores, Fleers, £
* ' Colic, ramps, Sprains, Braises, 4}
™ Scalds, Wounds, 'Costiveness, In- ' J
0 digestioa. Skin Diseases, \Exces- n'
1 sive Itrhlngs and many other ♦
S " complaints too numerous to name J
m here. In a word, the great Fain q
5' Curer of the Age is au unequalcd '♦
i ' family remedy. ". X
|; Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
9 v ;•; . ' , ... r .;••
a • L. CALLISCH. Wbolcssls -'Agen* for . £
a t*>e Pacific Ccest, San Jose, Cal. - rf ,
4> For sale by all drngeists. The , trade : *
A -supplied by ftedington A Co., Muck «>
<> & Co. and Langley & Michaels. San ' d
m Francisco. S)
mf ♦«♦©♦©♦€ ♦»»« <>*»♦«
34
CORBETT
KNOCKS OUT
JEFFRIES
Crowded by the Angeleno,
He Lands on the
Chin.
SENDS THE GIANT INTO
A TRANCE.
A Real Fight in the Ckamion's
Training Quarters Near
Carson.
NEVADA TO OFFER A SILVER
BELT.
Will Add a Trophy to Its Sanction of
Contests in the Ropad
Arena.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 23.— Tha abuse
heaped upon >eva(Ja because of the enact
ment of the boxing bill has not had the
effect of causing the Sagebrush State to
regret what it lias done. The fact of the
matter is Nevada intends to jump into the
■sporting world with both ieet, so to ppeak.
2Cot only it is going to sanction the big
■physical cultu c contest for the world's
pugilistic championship, Lut there is a
movement now on foot to give'the winner
of the heavy- weight contest a belt made
entirely of Nevada silver emblematic of
the title tbe victor :s entitled to and of the
fact that the championship was' won in
Nevada.
1 will mince no more word*. Here is
the story in a nutshell : The Nevada Leg
islature is now in session. A r semblyman
Timothy Dempsey, who, by : '.e way, is
one of the most popular memhers of that
body and one of the most ardent sup
porters of the boxing bill, is going to in
troduce a bill in the Legislature within
the next few days asking for an appropri
ation of $3000 for. the iiurrose of having
made a gorgeous belt of silver, with dia
mond studding, to be presented to either
Corbett or Fitzsimmons, whichever
chances to be winner of the great battle.
The bill is being drawn up at the pres
ent time, and it provides that the Secre
tary of State shall deliver the belt on the
18th of March, along with a certificate and
affidavit notifying the world of the signifi
cance of the trophy. It is intended to
have on the rWt-a reproduction of the offi
cial seal of Nevada and a fac-simile' of
Governor Sadler's signature to and ap
proval of the measure.
"I have been thinking this matter over
for several days," said Representative
Dempsey, during a conversation this after
noon, "and I am now satisfied that no
more fitting and appropriate thing could
be done by the State of Nevada than to
follow up its sanction of boxing by pre
senting the winner of the big battle with a
belt, an official recognition of thß title he
has won. Itis my intention to ask for an
appropriation sufficiently large to turn out
a belt that the real champion of the world
will not be ashamed of — something he can
exhibit all over the world. The State of
Nevada has gone into this affair -vith its
eyes wide open and realizing just what
she is doinar. We have no fear that we
Will corrupt the morals of the rest of the
World.
"The effete East has |been tolerating
glove contests under the title of physical
culture contests for years and is doing so
to-day. In Nevada we have prohibited
exhibitions of this kind for a long time,
but we finally woke up to the fact that we
were not only shutting ourselves out of
many financial advantages enjoyed by the
Eastern States, but were depriving our
citizens of the pleasure of enjoying a clhsb
of sport that they most desired. But now,
when we open our gates,- we are abused
and ridiculed by th« very States that pre
tend not to tolerate boxing, but permit
the bloodiest battles on the continent.
"We intend to be open and above board.
We not only intend to sanction boxing
contests outright, but we will foster them
to the extent of presenting an official
championship belt, emblematic of the
world's championship, to the winner of
the Corbett • Fitzsimmons contest. The
bill calling for the necessary appropria
tion is now beine drawn up and I am to
introduce it myself. I have been talking
to the members of both branches of the
Legislature ana they approve of my
project in every particular.
"There is no ques.ion about ttie bill
passing. In fact, I really expect to see an
amendent introduce] which will change
my bill so as to provide world's champion
ship belts for the winners of e^ch of the
three battles which are to bs fought on
March Hi and 17. As I understand it, Dan
Etuart has announced toat the winner of
ihe Green-Smith contest will be pro
claimed the champion welter-weight of the
world, and thai either Hawkins or Flah
erty will be heralded as the champion
feather-weight. Of course, everybody
knows that the ficht- between Corbett and
Fitzslmmons is for the title of champion
of all champions. I would approve of an
amendment of this kind and vote for if,
but I consider that by introducing a bill
to provide a belt for the conqueror of the
big contest lam doing well enough for a
starter."
It is understood that, in addition to a
majority of ttie members of the Legisla
ture sicnifying their willingness to vote
fcr the bill, Governor Sadler has already
itiven his consent to sign the act if it
passes. The Governor will not admit this
to outsiders, giving as an explanation that
he never signs a bill of any kind until he
has seen and read it throusn thoroughly;
but iv his usuai characteristic and droll
manner he says he approves of the idea
of a Nevada ohampionsiiip belt.
"Why not?" echoed the Governor when
I spoke to him this afternoon, "Nevada
approves of the world's championship
contest, and why should we not present
the winner with something which he can
show to the world as proof that the title
belongs to him? Now I hope you will
excuse me from talking too much on the
subject at this early period, for I have Dot
been the bill as yet, neither do I know that
such s measure will bo passed. In the
event that it is presented to me, however,
I will give you an interview, and I will
not promise that it wilt be exclusive,
either, as I will not be ashamed to have the
whole world know what I do."
I learned tnis afternoon of a little inci
dent that will no doubt greatly interest
the friends of J;m Corbett. It appear
that since the arrival of Jeffries, the Los
Angeles giant, who is to act as one of Cor
bett's sparring partners, both he and the
big S.ui Franciscan have been somewhat
shy of eaci'i other. Jeffries i? a savaee
fighter and has taken seriously Gorbett's
command that in their practice work he
Ky on as though he meant it. In conse
quence Jam.es J. has had to do his level
best to keep from getting into trouble with
the. youngster, and their collisions have
been the rarest of treats.
. This afternoon Corbett and Jeff ries went
over to the handball court for a quiet little
go, and denied admission to the usual
crowd of visitors. This bout was a
"corker," and it was attended with a sen
sational finish. Corbstt, remembering his
experience yesterday with the Los Angeles
Goliah, sailed in to make a. spectacular af
fair of it. and be succeeded.
Straight lefts were exchanged after about
five minutes of dancing, and shifting and
then -they clinched. In the breakaway
Corbett caught Jeffries with a beautiful
clip on the right ear. Tnts riled the lad
from, the citru3 belt and he -dashed into
Corbett like a tigeri He landed with his
left full on the champion's forehead and
seat him with a crash against the side of
the building. Corbett was forthe nxoment
daze.i, but he shook himself together just
in time to slip away from Jeffries as the
latter came in a?aui.
Then Jeffries found out what it was to
monkey with the buzz-saw. .He followed
the lad with the pompadour but into-the
center of the court. and essayed to throw
in another left similar- to. the one which
sent the champion against the wail. This
time Jim w-as on ihe alert. He ducked
the blow, and, quick as a flash, ■ sh=ot hi-T
right out for a cross-counter. The blow
caught Jeffries flush on the jaw and in
slantly his eyes rolled' and he rank to his
knees. He wa3 curling upon the floor
when Corbett anl Trainer Charley White
ran to his assistance and got him lo his
feev.
The young fellow recovered in about
three minutes and confessed that he had
been in a trance. • . . .
Then they went at it again, with Jeffries'
more savage than ever, probably feeling
that he had a score to wipe out. He
hustled Corbett around In great shape
until the latter for self-protection, let 'fly a
hook that connected with the Los An
geles athlete's chin and sent him reeling
away. "That's the second stemwmder,''
said Jeffries when he had got h' : s wits
bac"k again, "go you ought to be satisfied
for the day. 1 '
"You are a!I right, my boy." said Cor
bett, patting bis trainer on i.he back; "you
gave rue tbe greatest crowding I ever had
in my life. You bare not .ing to be
ashamed of. lam proud of you and pro
pose to see you go away, up the ladder."
A'l was quiet and. rest out at the Fitz
simmons camp to-day. The Cornishman
did not work at all, it being his custom to
lay off on the Sabbath. He did not go to
church, however, and in this respect Cor
bet! had the best of him. Jim came into
town early in the morning ■ with his
brother Joe and William A. Brady and at
tended the services at the Carson Catholic
church. ."•',..
For the first time since all the fighters
have gone into training I drove out to Em
pire to-day to see how George Green and
Dal Hawkins were getting along in their
preparatory work for their mills respec
tively with "Mysterious" Billy Smith and
Martin Flaherty. My candid opinion is
that they have picked out far better train
ing quarters than bava either Corbett or
Fitzuniraons. They are located at the
Wiggins roadside house, and have the use
of a large dance hall for a gymnasium, a
steam bath and tine roads for outdoor
work. More, than this the Carson River
ripples along oast the place scarce 100
yards away, and this affords them an op
portunity for swimming and boating. The
latter are advantages that neither Corbett
nor Fitzsimmons enjoysi Green is in
magnificent shape. He was weighed in
my presence to-day and tipped the beam,
stripped, at just 147 pounds. He says he
expects to go into the ring weighing about
145 or 146.
"I realize that I have a big contract on
my hands," said George, as he stopped for
a moment's breath during his bap-punch
ing exercise. "It is not that I have any
apprehension of Smith's ability to whip
me, but because I know him to be one of
me fou!-est fighters that ever got into a
ring. If he is hit hard he grabs his op
ponent around the legs and begins to
wrestle, and strike foul blows. I don't
think he means to do it, but he loses his
head when he is atruck and conducts him
self lifee a wild steer.
"I feel that it will be a savage fight, but
i I intend to win. £ propose to give him a
dose of his own medicine. I don't want
to fight foul, but I'll give him the rough
est reception be ever cot in the ring."
Hawtins Is looking well, too. He
weighed 130 pounds this afternoon, and
was as strong as a little lion.- Under the
articles of agreement he must meet Flah
erty at 128 pounds, so he lias only two
pounds to-reduce. He and Green put ud
some rattling bouts together and contin
ually try to "do" each other.
"Spider" Kelly, who is acting as Haw
kins' chief trainer has not had the gloves
on as yet with Green, but they have an
engagement to meet to-morrow morning.
' These lads area little shy of each other.
They once fought' for blood and Green
won, thus putting himself in direct line
for the welter-weight championship.
Kelly has been going up the ladder, too,
his latest and most important achieve
ment being the aefeat of Lon Agnew, the
phenomenal Eastern boxer. It is quite
natural therefore that these twp'lads
should be a little delicate about getting at
each other ngain with their respective
feelings ol envy, but they have shaken
hands and agreed to work together until
the 17th of March. After that, should
Green beat Smith, Kelly will challenge
the Sai Franciscan, and the latter has
promised to accept right off the reel.
Dan Stuart did not leave Carson for San
Francisco this evening, as was expected.
He was strong enough to walk around his
room, but his physicians advised him tliat
it would be dangerous for him to venture
out, so his trip had to be postponed until
Tuesday. J. G. Mansfield.
SLATS BELLIXO ■''• JiAPIVLI.
Twelve .Hundred Alj-eiidt/ Dlspostd OJ by
iStnnrt'* .igrnli.
CARSON, xN'ev.^ Feb. .28.— close of
the month finds the preparations
for the ■ Corbett-Fitzsimmons ii.?lit and
other contests of less magnitude well in
hand. All monetary arrangements are
complete and satisfactory. The princi
pals have demonstrated that they are fit
to battle for their lives even now. Stuart's
mammoth coliseum is half finished and
the weather has moderated sufficiently, to
please everybody. An influx of objection- ,
able characters is bein^ carefully guarded
against by State and municipal authori
ties, and "sure thing" manipulators are
weeded out as soon as their presence is
detected. '
Referee George SUer has conferred with
the men to whom his decision will mean
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
glory or disgrace, and they have agreed to
abide by his interpretation of the rules
under which they will contest.
Governor Sadler and Sheriff Kinney
have been quietly gathering about them
trusted deputies who are placed on tiie
pay roll as fast as their services are re
quired. The tax- payers are not grumbling
over the additional burden- thus placed
upon them, and the householders dispense
la^ch keys with reckless liberality and un
bounded confidence in their guests.
From the half-corn ;>leted plans of the
arena now on exhibition, 1200 tickets have
already been soid, and a number of sec
tions yet r.emain untouched.
These sections will be reserved for
special excursion parlies from th? Last
and elsewhere which have already be
spoken accommodations. Rinn patrons
in distant cities thus staid an equal show
of getting seats with those who are near
thft ground.-- .
Visitors are beginning to shed their
overshoes. The roads are a. little deep
witn mud, but the sandy loam rapidly
absorbs the water, and bicycles are being
oiled for service;
Quarters were reserved to;day for John
L. sSullivan. who-wili describe the fisrnt for
the New York World; Wyatt Earp, who
his a similar engagement; and Professor
Donaldson, .Corbett's old sparring partner
and warm friend.
"I weigh 165 pounds stripped," declared
Corbett this afternoon. "That is the
.lightest I have been since I entered the
professional ranks. The boys say they
will put a few more pounds on my frame,
but I hardly think I need them. If Fitz
is as light as they claim I don't believe 1
ought to pack around any more llesh than
is necessary/
Tiie Cornisbman posed for visitors oc
casionally to-doy. Out keut to his room
most of. 'the. time and caught .up on his
correspondence. He did just enough
work to relax his muscl.es. When joked
about his olnck eye h* smiled and mum
bled out something to the effect that even
boxers needed a little encouragement now
and then, and it was not his style to re
strain his sparring partners and make
monkeys "out of them that the public
migtit ihink nobody could hit him.'
'•Man must' learn to take blows as well
as to givethem," was'his logic. "Corbett
won't allow any. of his men to Jay" a glove
on him for fear peopl* might think he is
not. the marvel i.c believes iiiniself. I'll
show him tMat he ca.n be hit just like the
rast of us when we get togetner."
l!<n,iru Hill He Admitted.
CARSON, New, Feb. 28— Dan Stuart
has decided that women shall be ad
mitted to all of the glove contests held
under his direction. In an announce
ment to the press to-day he states that
women will bd comfortably provided for
and protected from any thing bordering on
ruffianism.
DESERTED FROM VANCOUVER.
Soldiers at the Barracks Be/isve That
Murderer Butler Once Lived
Among Them.
VANCOUVER, Wash., Feb. 28— The
many stories concerning the identity and
record of Frank Butler, alias Ashe, alias
Newman, the alleged Australian mur
derer, have been read with particular in
terest by a few citizens of this place who
were here during the eighties, when the
Twenty-first Infantry was stationed at
i Vancouver, barracks. It is believed by
| them, from the descriptions given of But
ler, that fee spent a few months during
1883 at Vancouver barracks as a member
of the Twenty-first Infantry band under
the nameof James Hartand then deserted.
Michael Boyhan ot this place is of the
belief that Butler and Hart are the same
person. He says that, as nearly as he can
recollect, Hart came and enlisted as a cor
net player in the band in Septembe-, 1883.
Particular attention was attracted to hiru
for : the reason that, within a few weeks
after his enlistment, a rumor became cur
rent in -the barracks and Hart' 6 favorite
haunts in tbe town that Hart was a de
serter from another regirueju under a dif
ferent name, arid- there was considerable
talk of having him' arrested as such. A
little later it was noticed that Hart ap
peared to become uneasy and to be suspi
cious of every one about him, and it came
to be the general belief that the rumors
had reached his ears.
Under these citcu'mstances .Hart's sud
den disappearance on the even-ing of the
second payday after his enlistment created
no surprise among those who knew him,
and only confirmed them iv their belief
in the desertion siory. .
According to Boyhan's story. Hart
spent a year or so in and. about Sprngue,
Wash., afier liis desertion from the Twer.
-ty-first-'lnfantry. There he was employed
as a musician in a private' theater.:- Hart
was in this city a few hours one day in
.the latter part of 1894 or .early in 1895, and
inquired for Boyhan, but did not see him.
After that he was lost trace of hero. He
is supposed" to have been on his way to
San Francisco at that time. .Boyhan says
that the'descriptions given of B-utler taliy
perfectly with Hart as he remembers him.
IDAHO'S LEGISLATIVE SCANDAL
Witness Beard Justifies Regarding the
Buying of Votes for Senator-
Elect Heitfeld.
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 28.— The committee
appointed by the Legislature to' investi
gate the'eharges of bribery against Senator
Heitfeld, sits behind closad doors and
although it has examined a number of
witnesses, it is difficult to ascertain what
has been discovered. W. J. Beard was
regarded as the most important witness,
and lie testified that he overheard a con
versation to the <ff»ct that Representative
Perkins ha i $10,000 to buy votes for
Heitfeld, and he afterward heard that
Perkins haa paid Representative Joines
$150 and that Repr&sentative Fuller had
also paid Joines money for his vote. The
witness said he taxed Joines witii havine
received the money and Joines at first
denied it, but afterward admitted that
such was the case. That was long before
Joines made the affidavit declaring that
he had. been paid money for his vote.
It was elicited that Heitfeld knew of the
charges before he left for Washington
and that Governor Steunenberg had
Ghown him Joines' affidavit. Representa
tive Fuller, who accompanied Heitfeld to
Washington as private s-ecretary, has been
'elegrapjied to by his friends here to come
back and face the charges.
The defense is proceeding on the theory
that Joines was bribed to make the affi
davit, and evidence is being collected to
present to the committee, tending to show
tiiat Joine-uppronched different members
of thp Legislature, saying there was money
in it for them it they would make affidavit
that they were bribed to vote for Heitfeld.
San Itiri/o Aomin'M.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 28.— The Demo
cratic Municipal Convention has nomi
nated C. F. Holland for Mayor and T. J.
Dowell for Treasurer and Tax Collector.
Both are prominent Silver Democrats and
were nominated by the Non-Partisan con
vention several weeks aj»6. A full city
ticket was nominated. The election wiil
bo held on April 6.
Ilr tit, 1 1 3 hugs at I'aindena.
PASADENA, Cal., Feb. 23.— Samuel
GainDle and his. wife were held up
last 1 night by masked highwaymen and
robbed of a wntch and what money they
had.' Mr. Gamble way beaten and clubbed
until blood flowed from his wounds, but
his wife escaped. The holdup occurred
wnere the Raymond .Hotel formerly Btcod.
l;*iji*lator* Hm/i to Hrar lirynn.
DOVER, Del., Feb. 28.-The Delaware
Legislature has adopted a resolution in
vitini? W. J. Bryan to address the Assem
bly on the subject of finance and taxation.
That unpleasant Catarrh with all Its anno.ing
an i dlsagreeab symptoms can be speedily re
Ueved and cured with Dr. Jayne's Expectorant. |
Fur the Uver use Jayue's Paiulesi sanative i'Uls.
SAVED FROM HIS
ONE FOE— -HIMSELF
Geoage Brandeth Emerges
From San Jose Jail
a Changed Man.
Ha Had Applied for Admission
When in thij Throes of
Delirium Tremens.
>
Declares That He Is Thoroughly Cv ed
And Will Never Again Taste
L quor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28 —George D.
Brandeth, who called at the police Btation
a little over a month a«o and asked to be
locked up while suffering from the de
lirium tremens, was discharged from the
City Prison yesterday morning thor
oughly cured of the drinK habit. Bran
deth had resolved to ki'l himself, but at
the last moment he listened to the advice
of a friend, and asked tbe police to pro
tect him from seM-viilence. He was
charged with drunkenness «nd given a
thirty-day sentence by Judge Guss. While
in jail he was treated by the City Physi
cian, and when he was released yesterday
morning he announced that be was cured
and would never touch liquor again.
Brandeth- claims to be the son of a Sinsr
Sing, N. V., millionaire. He in a typical
prodigal son and has been around th«;
world seven times. He came to Califor
nia- about six months ago from Japan. At
that time he' had jewe.hy and money in
plenty, but after a few months' dissipa
tion in San Francisco these were gone. It
was when he was penniless that tie came
to San Jose and resolved to kill hiin9elf.
Brandeth is bright and intelligent, and
during his stay in jail Chief of Police Kia
ward became interested in him. Yester
day Chief Kidward procured for him a
position at one of the hotels.
.. . — — - «• .
nt7it a r i v/» JSX a CONFEDERATE.
Vagrant John Krlhj Arrested for 31ull-
la ing tihotv- fVtndi>tPt.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Feb. 23.— John Kelly,
a vagrant, who mutilated six large show
windows in Hale's store on South Second
street with a diamond last August, was
arrested at Mouritain View yesterday by
Constable Martin. He was brought, to the
County Jail by Deputy Sheriff Black late
last night and will probably be prosecuted
on a more serious charge, as it is beliaved
he had a hana in some of the burglaries
perpetrated lately.
• At the time the windows were cut in
Haie's store Frank Gsborne, anoiher
vagrant, was with Kelly. A few days
afterward Osburne surrendered to the
police, confessed the offence and pleaded
guilty to a charge of malicious mischief.
He was sentenced to 180 days in the
County Jail. At the time he told the
police he had a partner, but gave no defi
nite description of him.
Osborne's term expired Jlonday, and on
his release he met Kelly. The men en
tered into a plan to enter. Kooher'a jew
elry-store on Sou^h F»jD»t street Thursday
night. On Thursday afternoon the men
were drinking together and got into a
fight, in whicn Osborne received a terrible
beating. He then went to Deputy Sheriff
Black and "squealed" about K-l!y being
implicated in the mutilation of Hale's
window and the plan to rob Kocher's
store.'
FIXR FJtUIT EXHIBITS.
Santa Clnm County* Display at the
H-ittiburg Expotilion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28— The exhibit
of dried and canned fruits donated by the
fruit-growers of the county for the display
to De made by the State at the Hamburg
Exposition ia now in the Board of Trade
rooms. The disp-lay will be a very credit
able one. It will be shipped to San Fran
cisco to-morrow and from there forwarded
with other exhibits to Hamburg.
A fine exhibit of every variety of dried
fruits in attractive packages has been con
tributed by the County Fruit Exchange,
the Berryessa Fruit Union and the Sara
toga racking Company. Four cases of
choice canned fruits, 'including lemon
clings, yellow Crawfords and apricots
were given by the Golden Gate Canning'
Company.- Tfce dried fruit consists prin
cipally of prunes, apricots, peaches and
pe^irs. Twenty-eight cases of choice
dried fruits were contributed bj A. C.
Kuhn & Co.
': '.*"■':■- — •■ — ■ ' .
Zifcturing for I'oor TjO.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— The San Jose
Indian Association has arranged a course
of six lectures by prominent physicians on
what to do in emergencies in case of sick
.ness or accident.
The proceeds will be devoted to carrying
on the work of the society at the Indian
school nt Greenville and also work amone
the Indians of Hoopa Valley. The course
onens in the Congregational Church next
Thursday evening by Dr. J. U. Hall, the
topic-being "Fractures and Dislocations."
GLOBE-TROTTER AT SALINAS.
Austrian Fedestrian Who Intends io Visit
All the Countries of the
Earth. ■
SALINAS, Cal., Feb. 28— A bona fide
globe-trotter is liere for a time and is an
object of considerable curio^it}' and inter
est to thoie who frequent the Bardin
House, where he is staying. William
John Thaler is not a globe-trotter in the
customary meaning of the phrase — that
is, one who circles the sphere by the
utilization of steam or by riding or driv
ing the various animals of burden ia the
countries he visits. He is walking over
the world. His itinerary is rather unique,
for he intends circling each of the grand
divisions of land upon the globe, and will
take ship only in going irona one conti
nent to another.
Thaler is a native of Trieste, Austria,
and appears lo be about 40 years of age.
He is over 6 feet tall, and his athletic
build bespeaks tbe thorough pedestrian.
He is by profession an electrician, but
once, while working upon a line in Mon
treal, Canada, he fell lrora a scaffolding
and sustame I severe injuries, fracturing
his skull and losing the sight of one eye.
This necessitated his abandoning his elec
trical career, and he conceived the idea of
walking around the world in his own pe
culiar way.
He mapped out his coarse, which will
cover 33,322 miles, allowing himself seven
years to complete the journey, and
started from Montreal on May 13, 1895.
Thus far he has traveled about "OiJO miles
in v more or less direct line irum his
starting point and ha 3 consumed one
year and t n months of the allotted time.
He keeps a careful record of the incidents
of this tour in a little journal he carries
with him, and has already obtained 1500
signatures in the book, which are written
in twenty-two different language*.
' A notnble feature of ihis stage of the
journey is his trip across the Nevada
desert, during which he was without iood
for two days and had nothing but salt
water to drink. WJion lie arrived at
Wadsworth, Nev., he fired his revolver to
celebrate the fact that he had crossed the
desert. From heie he will a;o to Los An
geles, thence to old Mexico, back to Texas
and New Orleans, and then through the
Southern States ur> the Atlantic coast to
New York, where be wili board a steamer
for Europe. His route will then take him
through Africa, Asia, Australia and New
Zealand and then back to Portland, Or.
He expects to attend the world's expo
sition in Paris in 1900.
Thaler rinds no d.fficulty in getting all
the necessities and many comforts, even
though he started without a penny and
will not take money from any one he
meets en route. He says everyone seems
glad to supply him with fooil and lodging
for the privilege of signing their names in
his book. He wears a silver badge on his
vest, unon which is engraved in French
and Eimlisb, "William John Thaler
started from Montreal, Canada, to go
around the world on foot May 13, 1895.
Presented by J. N. Lapres, artist, 3(50
Denis street, Montreal." He says the
hobos he meets often take him for a de
tective because of the badge. Thaler
speaks four languages and thinks these
will be amply sufficient for his ueeds dur
ing the journey.
DROWNED NEAR TILLAMOOK.
Three Boys in a Rowtoat Borne by the
Tide Inio Breakers Off
the Bar.
TILLAMOOK, Or., Feb. 27.— A shocking
catastrophe occurred here to-aay, whereby
three boys— Ernest Barnard, aeed 15; Cecil
Miller, aped 16, and George Leasia, aged
16 — lost their lives.
In a spirit of boyish bravado the youths
determined to go out in a small boat
and meet the steamer Chilkat coming over
the bar: The tide was much stronger
than the boys supposed and they were
carried -rapidly out and into the breakers,
wh re their boat was upset and the three
were drowned.
"The boat was inside the bar, and uear
the shore, rind the boys were clinging to it
and screaming at the top of their voices
for help," said Captain Dunham of the
steamer. ''I whistled the signal of dis
tress to draw the attention of some one on
shore and then turned the ship about and
went as near to the shore as I dared and
li wered one of my boats. By this time
the breakers had washed tv,o of the boys
off, and I saw no more of them. There
was a very strong current out, and the
largest boy continued to cling to the boat
and drifted out of the breakers.
"Then the steamer Elmore arrived at
the bar on her way out. I told the cap
tain what had happened and be immedi
ately cro.ssed the bar and steamed about,
hunting for the boys, and especially for
the one clinging to the boat, but he did
not find any of them. I recrossed the bar
to the ocean and looked about, but being
unable to tind either of the boys I steamed
off southward, the direction in which I
thought the boy clinging to the boat had
drifted. After going about half a mile I
sighted the boy on the boat about a quar
ter of a mile further south. I steamed on
toward him as rapidly as possible, but
when about 300 feet away from him an
unusually large wave upset the boat. The
boy threw up his hands and sank and I
saw him no more.."
BUTCHER BOY A SPEEDY HOUND.
Wins From Handspring in the Coursing
Final at Sacramento, With
Paderewski Third.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 28 — The
warm weather and the excellence of the
racing card drew the largest crowd cf the
season to the coursing park to-day. The
audience was 'not disappointed in any par
ticular, as.the decisions were prompt and
just, the hares speedy and . the dogs in
great fettle.
In the first runs Schultz & Ronght's
Handspring beat Nethercott Bros.' Moon
light, Heenan's Harry S beat Farrell's
Lass of Glenshee, Guito's Graly beat
Heenan's Lady Lonsdale, Hastings' Lucky
Dog beat Corcoran's Pride of Arizona,
Leitz' White Flyer beat Dovine & Lip
ruan's Patience, Stout's Lor>l Lotnaaie
beat Regan & Barrett's Roy B, Walsh's
Paderewski beat Sheehan Bros.' Governor
Markham', Ryan <fe Ryan's Peter Maher
beat Locksley's Buck, Schultz & Rough t's
Butcher Boy beat Gusto's Blue Rock,
Kennedy's Little School Girl beat Ma
roney's Tennie, Nethercott Bros.' Little
Wonder beat Duffy's Combination, Reid's
Tarn o'Shanter beat Williams &, Rainey's
AirsMp.
In the first ties Handspring beat Harry
S, Grady beat Lucky Do?, Lord Lonsdale
beat White Flyer, Paderewski beat Peter
Maher. Butcher Boy beat School Girl,
Littie Wondei beat Tarn o' Shanter.
In the B'econd ties Handspring- beat
Grady, Paderewski beat .Lord Lonsdale,
Butcher Boy beat Little Wonder.
In the third ties Handspring beat Pade
rewski. Butcher Boy a bye.
Final— Butcher Boy beat Handspring,
winning first money; Handspring' second
money, Paderewski third.
The judge was EJ Cauavan, the slipper
T. Farrell.
LA FIESTA. J>R LOS AXOELES.
Preparations Already TJtyd.tr Way for
3hi» Tears' Carnival.
LOS ANGELES, Cal. Feb., 28.— La
F.esta de Los Angeles, which attracted
thousands of people to this city last
April, will be repeated this year on a
fcale of increased magnitude' and
splendor. : rL  -V,
The series of stupendous raeeants and
eoreeoas displays of which these carni
vals largely coii^ist may now be consid
ered as an established institution, to recur
annually In the montu of April. The
great fiesta of 1897 will commence on . the
exact date, of last year's opening, April 20.
Each committee is hard at work to im
prove upon the different features of the last
fiesta, and the reports show that they will
succeed in every respect. The fancy-dress
ball, which will be the opening event of
the fiesta, will be a gorgeous affair.
AWFUL HEATH AT SEATTLE.
Steamship Fireman Cruthed in the Cogs
of an t-nfjine.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 28. — Albert
Thompson, a fireman aboard the tug Mys
tic, met a norrible death this morning in
the harbor.
When the vessel- was about 200 yards
out from the wharf, Thompson, while
reaching in to shut off the rei-cocK, lo*t
his balance and fell, catching his legs and
one arm in the cogs of the encine.
He was ground and pinioned in the ma
chinery for an hour, causing the engine
to stop. Is was necessary to amputate
one leg before he could be extricated.
Witnin three minues after his release
death ended his suffering. Deceased was
a Norwegian, 36 years of ageand single.
CanflrtQrntion nt Ferris.
LOS ANGELES, Cai,., Feb. 28.— Fire
broke out at 1 a. m. yesterday in the
two-story brick block owned by J. W.
Nance and occupied by the postoffice. G.
S. Deline'sdry aoods store and JL. E. Lee
man's drugstore at Perris, causing the
loss of the biock and its contents, except
the postoftice sa.e. The loss on the stores
ami stocks exceeds $26,003. with insurance
of $16,000.
Incendiary Fire JSrar ."an Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.-The dryer
of theE. E. Thomas Fruit Company, lo
cated near this city, was destroyed by fire
to-nijjht. The building and machinery
were valued at $20,000, half of which loss
19 covered by insurance. The fire was of
incendiary origin.
VOLCANO RENDS
SALT LAKE'S BED
Bursts From the Water
Over a Mile From
Shore.
Sends Skyward Clouds of Smoke
Which Can Be Seen at a
Great Distance.
Alarm at Utah's Capital Over the
Phenomenon Appearing in the
Inland S a
. SALT LAKE, I3tah, Feb. 28.-The
rather frequent shocks of earthquake
which this section of the country has ex
perienced within the past lew months
have come to a head in the form of a
volcano, which has burst forth from the
Great Salt Lake a short distance south of
Promontory station on the Central Pacific
Railway.
The volcano is right in the lake, about a
mile and a quarter Irotn shore, and parties
residing in the neighborhood say that the
cloud of smoke rushes up into the air ao
high thiit it can be seen at a great distance
and the water in the vicinity boil 3 and
surges into a sea of foam.
The volcano is situated in the big arm
of the lake on tne west side of the long
range of mountains visible from Brigham
City.
The volcano has been in action for sev
eral days.
It began witb a small cloud and slight
disturbance of the water and has increased
in proportion until now it is a most for
midable-lookine phenomenon and has had
the effect of creating fear and consterna
tion among the country people in that
vicinity. It is not visible in this city, but
its presence is looked upon with some
uneasiness.
FATAL SHOOTING AT PETALUMA.
Boys at Play Enact a Burglary, and One
of Them Is Killed With a
Bullet.
PETALUMA, Cal., Feb. 2S.— For the
first time in years Petaluma is the scene
of a tragedy. One bright youne life has
gone out, while another will be shadowed
until death's hand cuts it short. It was
another case of "didn't know it wa3
loaded" that caused the death of Henry,
the 12-year-old son of J. H. L. Gerken*,
proprietor of the Western Hotel. Henry
Gerkens and Farley Temple, aged 15
year>, with three other boys were play
ing this afternoon in the hardware store
of C. Temple, the father of Farley. In
the play young Gerkens was supposed to
be a burglar, and in creeping up to effect
an entrance was met t>y the storekesper,
young Temple, who drew a pisto!, saying
"Look out Henry, I'll shoot you." He
pulled the trigger, bat the cartridge only
snapped. A second effort exploded the
cartridge, the bullet taking effect in young
Gerkens' throat, just missing the collar
bone. The young victim cried out three
times "I'm shot," and expired almost
immediately.
Youne Temple ran out of the store and
around to Main street and gave himself
up to Marshal Collins, and was at once
taken to the City Hall where he was
shortly charged with manslaughter and
releas d under $2000 .bonds, supplied by
J. M. Palmer ant J. V. Long. The pistol
he used was a 44-caliber bulldog and con
tained only one cartridge.
The father of the victim is very promi
nent in raternal circles, being Past Grand
Arch of the Druids of California and a
highly esteemed citizen.
SAN JOSE'S KENNEL SHOW.
Large Number of Entries Received by the
Secretary of the Sen a Clara .
Club.
.SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— A large num
ber of entries are being made with Secre
tary Harker of the Santa Clara Poultry
and Kerrnel Club for the dog show to be
held in this city on March 31 and April 1,
2 and 3. Encouragement is beiag received
from owners of fine dogs all over the
coast, and tne indications are that the
show will be the largest ever held in the
State.
The San Frrncisco Kennel Club, the
Fox Terrier Club and the St. Bernard
Club have combined and offered a special
prize for the best decorated hall of thia
year's kennel shows in the, State and
•every effort will be made to win the
tropbr. The circuit opens at San Jose,
and will be followed by shows at Stock
ton, Los Angeles, Oakland and San Fran
cisco. A speci 1 meeting of the local club
will be held on Wednesday to arrange for
decorating the hall.
During the show the owners and breed
ers of Scotch collies will form an organi
zation, which will be the hrst of its Kind
on the Pacific Coast.
Two new classes have been added to the
premium list so as to include some choice
and rare exhibits by John E. Doak of
Stockton. He will exhibit a pair of
Beagles (miniature hounds) and a pair of
Irish terriers. These are the only pure
bred dogs of these clasps on the coast.
A pair of fine bioodhounds is coming
from Sacramento.
John E. de Ruyter. president of the San
Francisco Kennel Club, has annoi-nced
that he will be in San Jose with some of
his finest dozs. He has just purchased
and will exhir.it St. Clare Laddie, a dog
imported from England and which is said
to be tlie best sable collie ever seen in
America. This animal has already won
four first places la kennel shows.
The entries for the Bhow close on
March 18.
Salinas ValUy Olive*.
SALINAS. Cal, Feb. 28.— There is on ex
hibition here a branch full exf ripe fruit
which comes from an olive tree in the or
chard of Rudolf Spence. The orchard is
four years old and compri-es fifty acres.
It is just beginning to bear and is one of
the most thrifty in the Salinas Vailey.
This shows what the valley can do in the
way of olive culture.
Fntnl Huonxeny Xear Arno.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 28.- One
Japanese killed and another badly injured
was the result of a runawaynear Arno sta
tion, thin county, about noon to-day. The
Japanese worked on the hop rancn of Cox
& Bauman, near Arno, and were engaged
in hauling hay when their team ran away.
Unaeball at Freino.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 23.— An exciting
game of baseball was played in this city
this afternoon between thb Bakertiekis
and Fresno Morning Republicans. The
former were victorous by a score of 15 to
14. The nines were very evenly matched
and some tine oall playing was witnessed.
The attendance was large.
AN INVENTOR'S SUICIDE.
The Loss of Hl* Luwsait Caused Him
to Taku His Life.
Ferdinand Ilirscb, an inventor of gaao-
Hue stoves, committed suicide some time
during Saturday night in the rear ot the
hiiilding which is being used as a home
for the cnoir boys of the Church of Ue
Advent at 1534 Mission street.
Hirsch hud been involved in litigation
over some water rights with a man namea^
Hunsaker. One of the suits was decided m
adversely to the deceased after which he f
proceeded to demolish hi 3 cas and gaso
line engines. After doing so he shut him
self in his room, which he wa3 permitted
the use of by the tenants, and during the
night removed the jet from the gas burn
er, allowing the full force of (be gas to
escape.
No property of any value was found in
room,' except some tools and drawings.
The deceased was a finale man and at one
time a partner ot a Mr. Schilling in the
construction of engines and gas appa
ratus. Tte body was taken to the
Morgue. _
MUSHROOMS KILLED HIM.
Little Attillo Pastinl Succumbs to the
Effects of the Poisonous
Fungus.
Early yesterday morning little Attilio
Pastini, who for several days struggled
stubbornly against the poisonous effects
of the fungus he had eaten with his
parents, his sisters and brothers, cave up
the battle against death. His tiny body
became emaciated and discolored from the
awful poison, and he steadily weakened
until yesterday morning, when death re
lieved his sufferings.
Out of the family of six wlio last
Wednesday evening partook of a meal of
poison but three are now alive, Ricardo
Pastini, his wife and their baby girl, Eda.
The physicians say that they have now
passed through the shadow of death and
are convalescent.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Three Good Stakes Kun Off Yesterday.
At Ingleside yesterday three stake*
were run off— a puppy stake for $30, $15. w
$10 and $10, a sapling stake for $20. $10, $3 \
and $5 and an all-aged stake for $20 and^
$10. Following are the runs:
Puppy stake— J. Quain's Young Ciifton beat
J. J. McDonald's Lightning. Hayward kci>
feel's Del Monte beat J. J. McDonald's Cinder
ella, Halby and Egan's Connemara beat
Cupertino kennel'.s Fieeiwood, T. Mcllugh's
Springfield beat D. Ford's Miss Murphy. Grace
and Dean's Hazel Ulenn beatT. Mahoney's
Nellie Graj-, T. MeHugh's Mountiineor beat
Lasltey and Kock's Restless, P. McCabe's Wnite
Clifton beat Cupertino kennel's Glenwood.
First ties— Del Monte beat Young Clifton;
Connemara beat Springfield; Mountaineer
beat Hazel Glenn; White Clifton a bye.
Ireeond ties — Comiemara beat Del Monte;
Mountaineer beat White i'lifton.
Final— Connemara beat Mountaineer.
Sapling stake — Port Costa Kennel's Kerry
Slide beat Miraraonte Kennel's Faultless
Beauty; D. Dunlea's Swan beat J. H. O'Brien's
Angeline; J. 11. Pesijo's North Polo beat J.
MeLaughlin's Marcelta; J. H. Pesijo's Chill
Pepper beat M. Kerrigan's Tenacity.
First ties— Kerry Slide beat North Pole;
Chiii Pepper beat Swan.
Fini.)— Kerry Slide beat Chili Pepper.
Alt aged s'jike— Portal &. Haugeny'x Magnet
beat J. Magglnis' Will-'o-Wisn, Grace & Duvis'
Said Pasha beat Dillon &. ReiUy's Hercules,
Mairamonte kennel's Sam beat T. Nunan's
Fairview, G. Parkinson's Fireman beatCronin
& McDonald's Liasak.
First ties— Magnet beat Said Pasha, Fireman
beat Sam.
Filial— Fireman beat Magnet.
•■ — ■♦ — • r
Postponed the Tournament.
The handball tournament for doubles that
was to have beeun at the Olympic Club yes
terday was postponed ior two weeks on ac
count of the unavoidable absence of some of
those who were \o participate.
HEAD SWIM.
HEAD SWIM.
HEAD SWIM.
HEAD SWIM.
HEAD SWIM.
HEAD SWIM.
HEAD SWIM. 4
HEAD swim.
head swim.
**•*•*•* head swim.
{hldyan} head swim.
{ cures } head swim.
t*****+t. head SWIM.
A SWIMMING SENSATION IN THE HEAD,
the necessity to nold to pillf.r or post only
for a second, shows there is something the
matter with the man.
What Is the Matter?
Undoubtedly the individual Is afflicted with
some form of liver disorder. It may be worse;
it may be nervous debility or some form of
nervous disorder. If you are in this condition
you can use with safety the Hudyan Remedy
treatment. You can get Hudyan only from
the Hudson Doctors. - i-...v
Write or call.
Hudyan cures Spermatorrhea, Nerrous. Men-
tal or. Physical Debility and the peculiar
diseases and disabilities of man.
Circulars Free.
30-DATCI'EK First, secondary or
30-DAY CUKK tertiary form of blood
30-D \Y CUKE troubles can ba cured
30-DAY Cilßt:- witn 30-day Blood Cure
Write for Circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute
■ Junction Stockton, Market ani Ellis Sts.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.l
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.l
Consult Hudson Doctors FreeJ
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Signature Js printed In § fj
BLUE diagonally * , rfij
across the \J* " f
OUTSIDE [I f** r->
rapper. -\fl qJ\ /
\J\ / of every
~\Y^ / bottle of
I jfc.- V / (the Original
/nUJ y* and Genuine)
/j VStf % • Worcestershire
'A* a farther protection against 1
" all imitations* ■-•^«/ •; f
Agmts for tbo United Statoflb ~
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. Y.
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powdeb produces a soft and beautiful skin: •
it combiuea every element of beauty and
purity.
"■NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
Th« matter that is most agitating the
■uembers of the National Guard in all
parts of the State at this time is whether.
the Legislature will in the. few days that
it has still to live make an appropriation
to enable tlie solder boys to go to oamp.
The prospect for such a possibility ie hone
of the brightest, so it is likely »hat if any
ot the companies or regiments want to go
in the country as a body it will have to be
at company or regimental expense.
Camps oi instruction are much more de
sirable than campsites without any ap
propriation for camps, for. two years at
least. If the State secures camp sites of
what use will they be unless there is some
fund to enable the regiments to roach
them. There never has been a time -when
the guard could not get a desirable site
within a reasonable distance ot the regi
ment's headquarters, and that without
paying for the use of the same.
Possibly the legislators may see tbe ne
cessity of camps in preference to sites and
allow the purchase of tbe latter to lay
over for a time. If, however, the legis
lators do not desire to u.-e money for
camps they will earn the gratitude of the
members of the guard if they divert the
amount they would expend for sites into
the fund for tlie purchase of hats, coats,
blankets and overcoat*, which are sadly
needed, a. fact that was apparent to the
members of tbe legislative military com
mittees whexi they were in this City in
specting the First Regiment, Second
Brigade, on the '22d of Feuruary.
First Brigade.
SALINAS. Cal.. Feb. 27. — Monday,
February '22, was observed by Troop C and
celebra ed in a manner to recall the rcar
tial spirit of the father of our country. A
mounted drill took ulace during the fore
noon, in which about sixty- members of
the tr,oop participated.
Judging from the energy and dash witn
which some of the maneuvers were exe-.
cuted the boys must nave imagined they
were on Cuban soil and flanking Weyler's
army.
At the close of the mounted drill Mon
day noon, and after a bountiful repast on
hardtack, bologna and "soft" cider, about
tweuty-tive members of the troop started
for the top of Fremonts Peak, fifteen
miles distant, and had a snowball Laity.
It was the first experience among flying
balls, and some of them realized that balls
are dangerous, even though made of snow.
This was the first mounted drill for 1897.
The troop will likeiy be mounted in tbe
parade during the encampment of tue. (i.
A. R. here in Aoril.
Ihe Second Brigade.
The regimental parade and inspection
of the First Regiment on Washington's
birthday bron^nt our nearly 80 per cent of
tlie command. There were 733 men in
line, rank and rile. Taken as a whole, the
command made a line appearance and
crea;ed a good impression on the inspect
ing officers and members of the military
C'-mrnittees.
The regiment, however, would have pre
sented a much better appearance than it
did, had the men been provided witn
better leggins than they wore. Those
they had on are so short that they come
only half way up the calf of the leg.
and a consequence of this is that they will
not remain in place, but will sag down
toward the ankle- and present anything
but a neat appearance. The leggins used
by tne regular army reach above tlie calf
o? tne ieg and they remain stationary,
adding much to the appearance of th~
soldier.
One thing that was not to the credit of
the companies of the First was the unsol
dieriy manner of wearine the service hats.
bcrae of the companies seemed to be un
der the impression that as service uni
form does not call for the nicety tnat lull
dress does, any style of wearing the hat
would do, and they acted on that idea.
Some Dunched their hats up to a point
nod f'Ut four dents into it, and ttien wore
them in a devil-may-care style, and con
tinued that they appeared" "just- about
rigtit." But they did not, for it was a vio
lation of the regulations, which instead o'
adding to tne soldierly appearance of the
men gave them a decidedly unaoldierly
look. T « regulations call for an Al
pine hat and the presumption is that
tiie men shall wear the regulation hat as
it is furnished. Hal the officers in charge
on that day given the matier the atten
tion it reserved and refused ;o receive tne
men who transgressed the regulations a«
to hats, there would not have been so
lurch unfavorable comment irom the citi
z us who watched the regiment march
along the avenue and down Market street.
But then there may be some excuse for
tlie men in being careless as to their hats
when they had an example set them by
their superior officers. The brigadier
gcneral wore a hat that was no: of the
(tray that the regulation calls for nor the
share. It was a handsome bat, built on
the Feiipraplan, but it was not a military
hat. Taen were members of the staff
who wore the regulation bat as to shape
and color, and there were others that had
iiats off colored and off shaped, and taken
ul together the headgear burdiy came up
to the standard. Then there was the cap
tain of Troop A, who wore a hat that
must have been tjuiit OB «>n entirely origi
nal model, for such a hat m never D»-fore
b* n on the head of a representative of
tiie National Guard.
L :s probable that at the next meeting of
Hie board of oliicprs th? question of wear
in; hats will be discussed and that some
thing will be done to have the regulation
hat worn a<< it should tie.
L:is! Priday evening Companies D, A. £
nii'l I were out on Van Nes< dt'iiuo for
battalion d ri 1 in accordance with a plan
prepared some time since by Lieutenant-
Colonel Ihiboce. The battalion was under
the supervision of Major Bioxton, but
drilled by Captain Fitzpatricfc. The bat
talion was drilled in i variety of move
ments and much attention was paid to in
jtnictinj: the men in what is known as
lie riot drill. This mc vied the forming of
tireet column and the forming of square s.
This drill is one calculated to place the
men on the defensive and is considered by
military men one of the most useful for
city companies. Tbs battalion turned
out well and executed the several move
ments in good style.
Third Brigade
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.— 0n
Washington's Birthday the Signal Corps,
Third brigade, communicated all after
noon with Davisville by heliograph, cov
ering a distance of sixteen miles. The
weather was beautifully, clear and the
boys oniy regretted that they had not
sent the outside station farther away, as
Mount Diablo and toe Buttes were plainly
discernable Irom the "home" station on
the Capitoi dome at Sacramento. Lieuten
ant Martin had charge of the Sacramento
station, while Sergeant Bailey looked
after the squad at Davisville.
The fo. lowing evening (Tuesday)
signaling was successfully executed from
the Armory 10 the Capitol.
At a special meeting of the corps, held
Tuesday evening, the foil wing resolu
tions were unanimously passed:
Reso'vcd, That it be the sense of the Signal
Cori>s, Third Br:Ri de, National Ciua.rd of Calt
lornin, that vie are heartily in' sympathy with
: ttie Cuban League of the- Uiritod Situes ia tneir
j endeavor to eoifst r üblic'sympathy in mvor of
the people ol Cuba, who are battling for their
I independence.
Ret lived, That we further indorse the actions
I of said league in urging our Government to
I. exercise more vigilance — and force if neces
sary — to protect from Spanish brutality cili
! gens ol the United States who are arrested -in
I Cuba.
A; rotted, That two copies of these resolutions
I be transmitted to Colonel C. H. Hubbard,
[.Mayor of the cfty of Sacratnento; one for the
| Sacramento branch nf said league 1 , with t,fce
request lhat the othtr copy be forwarded 10
I headquarters oi the ■ Cuban League of the
i I'nited States of America in New York City.
Sergeant Wntkins and Private LeitcL.
were delegated to present the above reso
tions to the Sacramento branch of th-e
I Cuban League, which was established the
| same evening, and, on reading the same,
i a vote of thanks was paused to the corp«.
j Officers of other local companies were
I present at tlie meeting, and expressed
! .their con tidence that similar resolutions
would oe forthcoming from all other
■ National Guard organ zations.
Lieutenant Martin will take a tquad to
Newcastle on Sunday, ana open stations
betwe.-n there ana Sacramento at 10
o'clock- If the clear weather keeps up
j there is no doubt of success.
In a short while tne new Myer system
of signaling, at present used by the United
I States army and navy, will be put into
! effect for use in the signal corps of this
! State. The code presents many advan
tages over the old Morse system, espe
cially for heliograph work, notable amonir
which may be mentioned the entire ab
sence of tae "space ' in 'he various char
acters and of the long fl isli except when
U3ed as a "conventional" signal.
Sergeant Bauey has re-enlisted after
I much persuasion from the merabers.of
| tne corps, with whom he is a great fa
vorite. He offered to do so on the condi
tion that Lieutenant Martin would beat
his score at the target ranue last Sunday.
Result of the score was 44 to 42 in favor of
the lieutenant.
The held drii.l of companies X and G,
which took place on Was nigton's birth
day, was an unqaalihed success, and the
boys showed a more than marked imp
rovement in their company movements
and drill, at times showing ull the steadi
ness of the regulars, and greatly pleasing
their commander, Colonel (iiithrie. This
day's outing fully demonstrated ilie util
ity of the "non-com" school, and the vast
lmDrovement visible among the "non
coms" insured more ie,;ulariiy in the
movement? oi tne rank and file. The
school lor "non-coms" has become very
popular among the boys, and ha* devel
oped a great veal of gobd-natured rivalry
among ihem, as they are at all times at
tempting to dig up some -puzzling ques
tion on tactics, which invariably leads to
discussion, and in consequence a far bet
ter knowledge of the rules and regula
tions.
During the field drill it was found that
the ammunition used, "being reloaded
shells," would swell in firing and Decome
jambed 'in the guns, and two of the mem
bers were quite severely injured while ex
tracting tue shells by aid of their ramrods,
Sergeant Guth laying his index linger
open to the bone with the point of his
bayonet and Private Hill of Company G
splitting his thumb by the same means.
Troop B, cavalry, will go out for a field
day nexf Sunday, and expect to make an
extended jauiit through the surrounding
country, cam pins for meals by the w:iy
side. The troop will have a team shoot
two weeks from Sunday, the losing team
to entertain tne winners with a smoker.
The competing members have not as yet
been selected, but all the members are
practicing at every opportunity in order
to obtain places on the teams. Last Sun
day the highest score made with a carbine
«U 44, by Corporal Jennings! The high
est scores made at the butiß on Sunday
are as follows:
Company E— Captain Schoemater 34. Ser
geant Hughes 41. Sergeant McM*rrln 40, Ser-
Keaiit Gunier 40, Serjeant Be-sey 39, Corporal
Nutting 42, Corpora. Measure 37, Corporal
I'erkini-40, corporal Meredith 29, i'rivate May
berry 30. Private eydenba.m 36, Private Jones
39. PrivHie O. E Hughes 44, Priva'o Love 36,
I'rivate Torpey 38. Private Gardnor 39. Private
Westfall 39, Private Fleckeustein 39, Private
Lucy 38, Private Thompson 32, Private Moon
40, Private H. Sweeney 32, Private J. Sweeney
r!4, Private Tram met l 40. Private' Myers 29.
Private Connors 39, I'rivate Pollard 38, Private
Konan 40, Private Sabin 42, Private Hancock
34
Company G— Captain A. E. Steams 45, Ser
geant Klein 36. cergeant tie Fi nuts 43, ser
geant fuiih 38, Sergeant Kellogg 39, Corporal
Koetz 40, Corporal .Johnson 40, corpora. L,ieb
ang 41, Privn'..- Am ■ 4-J, Privfu- Titumas 30".
Pnviu Kius 30", Private Bat, s 37. Private Kei
loge 24, Private K. A. Brown 37, Private P A.
Brown 41, Private Ki.her 34, Private Wilson
42, Private Faulkner 33. Corporal Milllkin 43,
Pr.vate btnr lin 40, Private Co >k 44 Private
SchoUfield 41. Private Bonn 3(j. Private Gre -n
'20. Private Schardin 39, Privme Plummur 24,
Priva c ttacitford 30, I'rivat.- MoutecnuTy -j.7.
Private Day 39, Private Kiees 24.
Signal Corps— Lieutenant Martin 44 S»r
reant Bailey 41, Corporal tosby 34, Curpooil
Byrne 37, Corporal Koblln 20, Corporal Tav
lor 31, Pnvale Lietch 38. Private Warren 35
Private Hay 31, Private Hoil 36. Private Terry
38, Private lieCior 40. Private Mason 34.
Cavalry Troop B (plsioli)— Ser<*«nt Pike 41,
Sergoant Bod-;n 41, Corporal Morrison 43, Cor
poral L«e 42. Corporal Kruzberper 40, Cor
pora Hunt 39, Privates f-. Jeuui:i(j 44 pYiwell
43, Kelly 42, Sullivan 42, Hunt 42, Ri.-tzku 40
C. Jennings 39, Meyer* 38, Kiric 30, Munninif
3ti. Garcia 30, Ziegler 31, Ferral 28. liackman
21. Warn 21, SuUcr 19, Bugler F. Schadt 3°
Major Wallace 40.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 26-Everything
in military circles is a tittle quiet at pres
ent. On Washington's birthday this com
pany turned out *ixty men for drill in ex
tended order. Each man had twenty
rounds of blank ceitridges and the drill
was gone through without a bobble.
Nearly the whole Town was out to watch
the ooys and seemed 10 enjoy the drill im
mensely, as all stayed until the iast cart
ridge was fired.
Alter the drill Company F's football
team played a game of tootball with a
team of playra picked from thePeerlees,
Sui-un and U. C. teams. J lie tame was
hotly contested from beginning to end,
and the company was defeated By a score
of 4to 0. The signals of the home team
were give'i to the opposing team by some
one, which accounts for their defeat.
Everything ia and about the armory is
in tine condition and ready tor inspection
nt any time. The company|has averaged
forty-five men at drill for the last three
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH I, 1897.
meetings. The captain of the company i?
going away scon to be gone five or mx
months. Lieutenant Ward will be in com*
mand during his absence.
We are to nave a new flag: soon. This
makes the second flag that has been prom
ised to us and we none that this one will
materialize.
Fifteen men made scores of 40 or better
last Sunday at the targets. The shoot
against the Honolulu team will tate place
in a short time and the boys are doing
some hard practice to prepare themselves
for places on the team. 'The captain has
at last secured a place for the 500-yard
range, so there will be shooting at the
500 ya id targets Boon. The football team
Is still open <or engagements with a team
composed of members o' the N. G. C.
MERCED, Cal., Feb. 26.— Under orders
from the headquarters of the Third Bri
gade. Company H. Sixth Infantry, paraded
for field day txercisei'on Washington's
birthday with forty-four men present.
Regimental orders directed that the com
pany be divided into two provisional com
panies, and a battalion drill and parade
and tuard mount be held. The first
platoon under Lieutenant Smith and the
second under Lieutenant Guthrie were
designated as the provisional companies
for the occasion. As Merced has no staff
officers', First Sergeant Harper was de
tached as acting t attalion adjutant, and
Corporal Muller as acting battalion ser
geant-major. The companies were
marched to the railroad reservation where
the battaion was formed and a few of the
battaion maneuvers were gone through.
An extended order drill followed and
the day's exercises were wound up with
batahon parade and the ceremony of
gaurd mount.
Corporal Daniel F. Griffen has been
promoted to be sergeant, and Privates
John F. Fentry and Tobias F. Bearwald to
be corporals. Private John A. Conway is
transferred to Company Dof Modesto, and
Private A. B. Newell has been transferred
to this company from Company B of
Stockton.
Captain Graham has detailed Private A.
C. Corwin as company musician, and in
view of ■ a vacancy soon to occur among
the corporals Private W. G. Kelley has
been detailed as a lance corporal until the
vacancy occurs.
Now that it is certain that the Sixth
Infantry will go into camp this fall, many
recruits are coming in, and it is noticeable
that the material is of tne very best. The
officers hope to have the new men in the
best of shape when tne encampment is
ordered.
Target practice has been suspended
since the first of the year, awaiting the
| completion of the new target range, when
the regular monthly shoots will bs re
sumed under the revised rules. Some di
ficulty is being experienced in securing
good grounds lor tha location of the ex
treme ranges.
The Tuesday evening tactical class under
L.eutenant Guthrie is being well attended,
and quite an enthusiasm v being aroused
by tue lieutenant, whose methods of in
struction are practical and the fruit of
■considerable study and thought After a
recitation of a lesson from the drill regu
lations the class is put through the execu
tion of commands and particular atten
tion paid to the smallest details of position
and disinnces. The evening is completed
with a general talk on military subject,
customs and requirements. By the use of
a model company and blocks representing
individual soldiers tue lieutenant gives a
practical illustration of every evolution,
which thoroughly impresses it on the
mind of the student.
A baseball nine has been organ zed
from among the memusrs of the company,
which will attempt to attain distinction
on the diamond. The men have not been
definitely placed as yet, and will not be
until a few practice games ere played.
Lieutenant Smith is the manager of the
nine. The club wouid welcome a chance
to play against other military nine's as
soon as the men have practiced a little.
Ihe Naval Battalion.
Lieutenant-Commande-r Louis H. Tur
ner has returned from San Dieeo, where
he attended the examination of L. A.
Cha-ndler for the position of lieutenant
and. T. M. Shaw for the position of lieu
tenant junior grade of Third Division at
fa at point. The men passed a sati-factory"
examination and toe report that will be
presented will undoubtedly secure them
their commissions.
The commander states that his visit wa>
hailed with pleasure by the men of the
division; that on Washington's birthday
they took part in the parade, turning out
fifty-eight men, and presented' as fine an
appearance as the uniforms they have
wouid permit. " .
A gentleman who was with the com
mander at : h- time of the parade and saw
the men of the battalion and returned a
few days since, said that if there is one
thing above all otners tnat the men ot ti.e
Navai Battalion at San Dietr.o needs more
than anything else it is uniforms.
The men wno tank part in the six-oared
boat race on ihe 22J at San Diego did well,
and they wouid" undoubtedly have gained
second place h«d it not been for the fact
that they were fouled. As it was, the
men of the reserve demonstrated their
ability to handle a boat.
'ihe lir-t and the second division had a
battalion drill on the Sprockets wnarf last
Tuesday night.. There were eighty men
present, and they did remarkably well,
particularly the petty officers, who showed
that the lessons they have recently re
ceived ia the lyceum has been of great
service to thf>m. The men were drilled by
Lieutenant Dennis. W. E. Eliott, lieuten
ant, junior Krade, being the adjutant.
Commander Turner will deliver his lec
ture beiore the battalion to-morrow even
.ing- on "Naval Warfare, Past and Pres
ent."
The Championship Shoot.
.The shoot for the championship trophy
will take place at Sacramento on the 28th
of March. The members of the first class
will include tho field and staff officars
whose score is 90 and over. They are to
shoot with pistols. The following is a list
of those who are entitled to shoot in that
class and the score of each : Major Charles j
.H. Murphy 95, Major Charts J. Evans 93,
Captain H. A. Wegner 92, Lieutenant 11.
Hnber93, Colonel J. W. Guthrie 91, Major
Marion Pirkey 97. Lieutenant J. G. L-e
94, Lieutenant F, Z. Piricey 91, Captain L.
P. Toolay 94, Lieutenant Thonms Rut
lfidge 82, Major J. W. Juilliard 90, Lieu
tenant E. S. HeWer 91, Lieutenant A. A.
Borlini9s, Captain C. T. Pouiter 90, Lieu
tenant M. W. Stockdale 92 and Major G.
E. Oust 92. The following-named retired
officers will also shoot for the champion
shoot prize: Lieutenant-Colonel H. J.
Burns 91. Colonel 8. I. Kellog 92, Captain
J. E. Klein 91.
The complete list of target shooting has
not yet been distributed from the office of
the adjutant-general at Sacramento ou
account of an error of the printers. The
public printer will not print new pam
phiets and the adjutant will not issue
tho?e already printed.
RTJTHVEN LEOTUEES.
Tho Roman Catholic Church's Teach
ing* Are Denounced.
Lecturer Ruthven, who . says he was
once a priesi, lectured at Metropolitan
Tern pie V yesterday afternoon on "Atro
cious Teachings of the Romish ' Confes
sional."
. The sneaker read from a number of works
which lie' said were authorities' in the
Roman Catholic Church, and claimed that
the books teach theft, lying, murder and
anarchy. >.■■.■ ■-■.-•'•- ■':■■.■.,...
In conclusion the speaker held that it
was the duty of all j American ci.izens to
oppose the teachings and practices of the
Roman Catholic Cnurch.
* — ■♦ • r-
(.rushed by a Car.
Charles Gross, a laborer In the employ of
Warren & Malley, contractors for the execu
tors of the Fair estate, fell off one of the flat
cars at the seawall yesterday morning at 3
o'clock and was crushed to death. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
, » ♦ — •
TO CUKE A COLO IN ONK DAT.
Take laxative Broruo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reluud Uie money if it fails to cure, 25c
SHOT BIG HOLES
IN THE BLACK
A. H. Pape's Phenomenal
Run on the Columbia
Target.
In a Hundred and E ghty-Five
Shots Not One Missed
the Builseye.
Gcoi Scores anj Many Marksmen at
the Shell Monad Park
Butts.
There were a large number of good
score- made at the Shell Mound rifle
range yesterday. The wind and the light
were favorable, and the marksmen as a
rule appeared to be in good condition.
The attendance at the Germania Club's
regular and ;-pecial bullseye events was
large, considerable money being shot in
on the public ' match, upon which a num
ber of cash prizes will be di-tributed at
the end of the season. In this competi
tion the oest buliseyes and the marks
men, as shown by the measuring machine,
were as fohow-:
A. Jungblut 218 points, H. Huber 224, J.
Young 252, C. Tiiierbach 831, D. B. Faktor
832, \V. Garms 921, L. N\ Ri.zau 1034, F. P.
Schuster 1099, Nick Ahrens 1246, L. Haake
1792.
Tue regular bullseye shoot of the club
gave the following scores and winner:
H. Zecher 136 points, George Alpers 230, J.
Tiedemann 276, D. B. Faktor 459, J. UtbChig
478, A. Ju^blut 493, J. E. Klein 696, H.
Hellberg 719.
The turnout of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club was aiso large. A. P. Pape is
well in the l^ad in the contest lor the
beautiful medal presented by F. H. Bush
nell. Yesieroay he lowered his best ten
scores on the. Columbia target with the
one. center from 105 10 96, and his third
score of 7 equaled the best ever. made.
Up to 4 o'clock Pape made a phenomenal
run ol 185 shots, none oi which wa-< out of
the black. It is possible that this run has
never been beaten. The military musket
shooters of the club devoted considerable
time to experiments with the new smoke
less mtro powder No. 1, and found by
using 60 grains bulk with a.405-gram bui
iet excellent results were obtained, as
shown m the appended scores. T:i° com
petition in the revolver match has taken
a spurt. Durrell and Roberts each made
27 in six shots, or i>n average of a 4 3-10
circle. On the Rifle Record medal. 10
shots. Dr. L. O. Rodgers took the lead
with 46. oraii average of a 4%. The best
scores made, Columbia targe., were as fol
low;*: • •
R'.fle, 200 yards, re-entr\-, F. H. Bushnell
medal, three *hois— A. U. Pape, 7. 10, 10, 11,
ll;C-iptain Kuhnle, 10; Dr. L. O. Rodger*, 12;
W. Glindemann, 14; F. O. Young, 15. .
W. Giindernann military medal, re-entry,
10 ohots, Crcedmoor count— E. Hovey, 47, 46;
V. O Young, 46; C. F. Wauham, 45; M. J.
White, 42. 41.
F. O. Youn.' rifle record medal, re-entry, ten
shots— Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 46; F. O. Young, 61;
Captain Kuhnle. 62. .
- Most Hags during the mpnth, cash prizes —
A. H. Pape, 6; V O. Young, 3; Dr. L. O. Rodg
ers, 3; Captitiu'Kuhnlu, 2. .
Pistol and revolver, - re-entry matches, 50
yards, Gordon Blanding medal, 3 shots— F. O.
Young 10, J. E. Gorman 11. ','. , f»> -t •
. . Howard Carr. «n>iy rrtynlver medal, six shots
— C. Roberts 27, a&."36. A. B Dorrell, 27,
35, 39, 40; Cap.aiu J. E. Klein, 51,53.
Diamond record pistol medal, ten shots—
E. Gorman, 43; Ed Hovey, 45, 52; F. O.Young,
46; A. B. Dorrvll, 56. . :
Achlhe Roos, 22-calibe'r rifle medal, 50 yards,
five shou— Ed Hovey, 11, 12, 12; A. B. Dorrell,
11, 12. 13; F. O. Young, 11, 13: Dr. L. O. Rop
gers, 21; Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 19, 22. :
The regular bullseye shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein for cash
prizes resulted in the following winners
and scores as shown by the measuring
machine:
D. B. Faktor 116 points, L. Haake 174, John
I'tschie 192, G. A. Schutz 317, Charles Thier
bach 419, F. P. Schuster 589, F. Koch 671,
a. H. Pap<s679, W. Ehrenplort 695, C. F. Ru>t
735. W. F. Garms 811, W. Glemaetnann 984,
J. M. Hanmann 1009, John Buettler 1009, O.
Letocke 1032, E. 11. Goetze 1083, J. Tiede
innun 1091, A' Jui'^blut 1131, A. Bertelsen
1135. R. Stettin 1136.
Annexed are. tue scores of the.Nord
deutscher Schustzen Ciub at its regular
monthly shoot for club medals, twenty
shots, Gernvan ring target. 'Albert
Meyer became the permanent owner of
the fourth class medal, having won it four
times. - ' ;^X° v ;^. v "•
Champion cl«s«, . not filled; first cla?s,
Georife Alpers. 427 rings; secoudand third
classes, not filled; fourth class, Albert Meyer,
3QB ; best first shot. F. Rust, 22: best last shot,
H. isieliing, 24. .
The Red Men's Shooting Section held
its monthly clnss medal sboot with these
results, twenty shots, German ring target:
Champion class, W. Kreutzkammi 3.56 riugs;
first class,'- C. Olflac 340; srcouu class, P. H.
Kuiffs, 327; third class, C. Werner, 273; fourih
class, F. Richards., 22s. C. Werner .won the
first and lnst bullscjua on 22 and 23 rings.
Quite a number of military shot* were on
the range, and their scores, ten shots,'
military target, were as follows:
' Company I,' First Regiment— Lieutenant
Huber 41, Lieutenant Tobln 42, Sergeant
Huber 44, Sergeant Moore 38, Htrgeant Cor-,
corati • 35, -Sergeant ■ Lemeteyer 32, . Corporal
Golly 39, Corporal Ahlborn 41, Corporal Son
40, Corporal Bucking 39. Corporal Mnthewson
38, Van Staden 37, Allen 37, Balke37. Benliug
36, Bla\vat39; C«ro 36. Cai>peunnnu 38, Hall
37, X iilmaim 43. Mcl'artla-id 37. Meyer 39,
Otteu 39. Payson 38, Reia 40, J. C. Ringen 42,
Seyden 34, Mrippel 40, O^vens 41. Koch 44,
| Wolpern 27, Relchardi 25, Feu nig 16, Stolz.-n
--waid 28. L>ay 17, Diez 37, Manning 6, Detrich
26, Redell 28. . -
Company M, First Regiment—
Charles Nelson 38, Private A. Nutier-34, O.
Volkman 36. T. Miiht-r 19, P.Duffy 28, M. J.
Lyous23. J. Smith 15, W.H. SDllman 31, F.
MHCdoimlil 27, K. Merwju- 30. Cupiaiu T. t'.
O'Neii 41. J. Mitchell 28. F. I. Kelly 34 E.
C. ffoe 10, F. E. Lyon 13. D. Tnylor
18, J. Quinn 33, F. Prideaux 19, F.
Owens 29, Ser<»nnt \V. Wall 21
Sergeant J. Co. by 38, P. F. Cisey 39. P. H.
I Sonutag 22. ; Corporal *red L. Keliy 37, W.
Mahcr42, ChariPS Noyes 34, S. B. Faruhani
32. F. T. E;igle 38, C. Zait,er 24. George Hinck
16, J. Maner 20. E. Strott 37, i'rivate J. Mur
pny 32, J. Bokcus 32, W. Buhilngir 24, J. Mc-
Cabe27, A. J. Murray 23. lie.irge Bubhuser
19, H. La<e 26, J. Bogle 23, Q. Fay 10, C. Reay
4U, L. Ay he us 37. .
CLINIC FOR THE POOR.
College of Physicians and Surgeons
Open a Charitable Estab
lishment.
A free clinic has been established by the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, How
ard street, near Fourth.
The free outdoor clinic at the City and
County Hospital has had to be abandoned
for want of funds. This prompted the
management of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons to establish a free clinic for
the poor. Their wounds are ur^ssed free
of charge and the doctors connected with
the college are giving their services free.
For want of accommodation th«* college
professors are obliged to send many a poor
sufferer away when he or she snould be
placed in a hospital bed and receive proper
medical or surgical treatment, and it is
hoped that some charitably disposed per
son or organization may endow a tew beds
for the treatment oi those absolutely
needy. _
Infant Smothered.
The Infant son of San Yuen Vow of 18 Pros
pect place was found dead in bed by his
mother yesterday morning. She stated to a
Coroner's deputy that she had fed the child at
5 a. m. and three hours later found him dead
under the bedclothing.
CLUBMEN SHOOT
AT BLUEROCKS
The Clay Disk Season
Opened at Alameda
Point.
The Linco'n and Encinal Gun
Clubs Hold Exc.ting Tour
naments.
Valuable Cash Prizes Will Be Offered
During the Mccth by the
Former Cub.
The bluerocK season opened in earnest
at Alameda point yesterday afternoon,
when the Pacific Tournament Associa
tion's fine grounds were the scene of a
tournament given under the auspces of
tne Lincoln Gun Club.
Of the eight matches composing the
programme, exclusive of |)00l shoots, the
twenty- bird events were the most notable,
in which, in addition to the entrance
money, $7 50 was added to the cash
prizes.,
All matches were shot under the rules
of the American Shooting Association,
class shocking prevailing, and all ties di
viding.- In the case of four moneys being
allowed, the purse was distributed in sums
of 35. 30, 20 and 15 per cent, and in the
case of three moneys, 45, 30 and 25 ocr
ce"nt. In the first and second tifteen-bird
matches Webb and 0. Feudner broke
every disc, but the highest score in the
twe nty-bird matches stopped one short of
the complement. Following are the
scores :
Fifteen birds— O. Fendner 13, Fanning 11,
Wt'bb 15, Niumann 13, Fox 9, F. Feudner 12,
Wiegel 11, TrcmleS, Si ads 13. OißOnl2, Johns
9, bUde 9, Fanner 9, Andrns 12, Carr 10,
Kiirney 12, Thorn 7, Justin 11, King 11, Owens
10. W. J. Gulcher 12, H. C. Golcher 12." Coffin
10, Cate 10, uuUibertO, Barney 11, Fisher 10,
lugahs 12, Ma t ;e m hi 7, Flickeuger 12, E. Fors
ler 13.
Fifteen bird*— O. Feudner 15, Fanning 13,
Weob 14, Nauinau 12, Fox 11, F. Feudner 12,
Tromec iO, Sands 13, OUon 9, Slade 11, Thorn
0, JusiinsO, Carr 10, Oweus 13, W. J. Goicher
12, White 10, H. C. Golcher 7, Coffin 12, Haight
13, Fuckeueer 11, E. Foster 13, In^alls 10,
Karney 14, Cale 12, King 12, Barney 10,
! Fisher 10, Forster 12, Ciabrou<?h, Matteson.
Twenty mrds— O. feudner 19, Fanning 17,
Webb 18, C. Nauinau 10, Fox 17, F. Feuai.er
15, Tromec 10, Hands 17, Burns 14, Potter 14. |
K.Foster 13, Slade 14, Karney 17, Carr 12 i
Owens 17. W. j. Golener 15, White 10, H. C.
Golcher 15, Coffin 13, Haignt X-S. Custins 15,
Flickenger 11, Beckett 14. Cate 19. Eugene
Fosier 17, Andrus 10, H. Nauman 0, Ingalls
14, Olson 15, Young 12, Barney 18, Clabrough
15, Dr. Carver 14, Mattesou 11, King 15.
Twenty birds— O. Fendner 17. Fanning 18,
Webb 17, Nnuinan 18, Fox 15. F. Fendner.-1"4,
Tromec 12, hands 18. Burns 15, Potter 0, Ed
gar Foser 10, Slade 13, Karney 19, Carr 15,
Owens 11, W. J. Golcher 10, While 13, rf. C
Golcher 11, Coffin 14. Hsught 13, Justins.6,
Flickeugt r 12, Beckett 9, Cate 10. Wiegel 14.
Andrews- 14, Barney 18, Forster 19, King 14,
Young 11.
Fifteen birds— O. Feudner 14, Fanning 12,
Webb 10, Xauman 12, Fox 12. F. Feudner 11,
Tromec 10, Sa.iUs 12, Burns .10, Poiter 10, E<l
-gar Foster 8, Siade 10, Karney 13, Carr 9,
uwens 5, Barney 10, Justius 10, Flicitenger 11,
Reckert 7, Cale 10, Haighi 11, Cuthbeit 3,
Johns 10.
Fifteen birds— Javete 8,-Alderton 13, Eugene
Foster 13, barney 15, L wis 2, <:iark 7, Kerri
soii 11, Onens VI, Ed Foster 13, O FeucJner
I 13, Fanning 12, Webb 10, Naunmn 9, Fox 12,
r. Feudner 14, Carr 12, Haight 13, Justins 12,
Cate 14, Karuey 11, King 9. Whitney 12,
Grant 10, Young 8, Vanuall 10, C.aDrough 9,
Price 6.
Ten biris— O. Feudner 9. Fanninp 8, Webb
9, Nauman 0, Fox 9, F. rendner 8, Carr 7,
Haiiht 8, Justins 7. (ate lO.Knrney 7, KingS,
Whitney 8, Grant 5, Youdg 0, Vaudall 5,
Owens 10, Clark 7.
The regular club shoots of the Lincoln
Gun Club begin next Sunday with a 100
and a 25 bird match. Th» tirst is a record
matcb open to all, the prize being a hand
some gold medal, to be Known as the 100
--bird record medal, which will become the
j property of the party who wins it tne
| greatest number of times in the six shoots
of the season. The second event on the j
programme is a shoot for $100 in cash and J
$100 in pr.zes, also open to all. There '
will be three classes, and the money and
prizes will be shot for in the sixth shoot,
each man shooting En the class to which
he belongs. Back scores can be made
good at anyshoot up to and including
tte lifth.
The tournament following on the third
Sunday of the monih will be for members
only. Both events on the programme are
twenty-tive bird matches. One hundred
and fifty dollars will be distributed in
prizes among the live classes competing
in the first event in sums of $40, $35, $30,
$25 and $20, each purse being subdivided
into 60 and 40 D«r cent. Thf second match
is for $100 cash. All contestants will be
classified at the close of the lifth shoot,
and in all cases parties desiring to qualify
for prizes mii't compete in every matcb.
At Bird's Point yesterday the Encinal
Gun Club also held a bluerock tourna
ment for live, four, three and two moneys,
40, 30, 20 and 10 per cent; 50, 30 and 20 per
cent and 00 and 40 per cent respectively.
The sum of $2 50 was added to the twenty
bird match. Tne scores follow:
Ten singles— J. H. Brownley 9, O. Flngler 7,
T. Eisfeldts, E. L. Dunnhee 5, Rogers 9, Betton
8. Blckerstaff 7, J. Wilson 8, M. McDonald 5,
I R. Itjen 5, A. Melletzs, D. Wulzen 5-, J. Knight
j 3, N. Ough 0, H. A. Boyd 3, H. Dunshee 6,
Ihiebaut 2.
Fiitecn singles — J. H. Brownley 11, O.
NEW TO-DAY .
CONTAGIOUS J^^\
PRIVATF Mi i
DISEASES. a^dLi
\K\t\r\t\ Pnicnn in nil its worst forms $$M{(iiffl&S *&%&£'
DlOOa KOISOn-. and stages, Primary. 'fe^WxSA *&B&B5&&
Secondary and Tertiary, positively cured \(i(gi f^&J^^^sz^iMj&mStlS&lWtcr/i ■
lor life. Mucous Patches in the mouth, «-Vy#v %(iw^ }&^^ y o^ *®»?S&^«>;
Sore Throat, Copper-coiored Spots. Pirn- m /^/'^timm(^r JSlll
. pies. Foiling Hair, Rheumatism. Ulcers
or painful swellings on . any i part of the : V/&&^'^s^ <&fXt*~ *4Z*V&™*<i,is3mg\
Doay, the results of. Blood Poison, are r'''--'\ T\C\T'Tf\X> G.XWT! A
forever eliminated from the system with U\JK^ IUK aVV liA« X,
snfe remedies. Remember that this one Whose Renutation Is Kfitablished . by
Horrible Disease, if neglected or im- Ten Years of Unparalleled Success,
properly treated, curses the present and at 737 Market Street, San Fraaclsoo.
coming generations. ; ; , . '
Vrmn<r M(>tl If you have indulged in early indiscretion*, and, as a consequence.
■ V UII J» nlt "« : have losses, exhausing drains, pimple*, hashfulness, aversion to so-
ciety, a tired, stupid, gloomy feeling and falling of memory, lack of v gor, absolutely
. unfitting you for study, business or marriage, do not neg.ect yourself until too late. Do
not allow false pride and sham modesty to deter you in seeking immediate relief. '•
JVliriHlf>> Acred 'Men '■ There are thousands of you suffering from weak back*, a'cn-
miuuic iti^ii, ing kidneys, frequent passing of sediment, often accompa-
: nied by a loss of vigor and power ana impairment of general health. Many die of ths
difficulty, ignorant oi the cause, which is the second stage of organic weakness. Before
it is everlastingly too late consult Dr. Sweany, who thoroughly understands ycur trouble
* and cure you. - v ; ■: • ..:.■;.•■..- ■ . . ..... - v , _ ...,.■,; .
f\\A Man Who, asaresult of overwork, business cares, imprudence or excessive in-
V/IU ITICII duigences in former yenrs. now suff«r from i artial or complete impotency or
some distressing bladder trouble— all niar find immediate relief; many may be
'..""•' radically curod. ■■'■'■■ *- .".-,■- :;>."■ ■■.:.-.■•: ■ - ,: - .-.•■ < _■■ ■. ■.-- ',-, ■■ , .- •
VarirArolA' Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula. Weak Organs, Swellings and tenderness of the
Varibuweiw, organs and glands treated with unfailing success.
Dnntiirp New method, sure cure, r>ainless treatment, no detention from work, no ex-
■XU|IIUI w. periments, no truss. A positive, certain ana permanent cure.
Cnaria 1 Diseases, Tenderness, Swelling, Contagious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
O|ICl»lCtl cured without pain or detention from, business.
I oHipc wlll receivo special and careful treatment for all their many ailments.
Wri tf» v away from tlle city, as DOCTOR SWEANY ha« a system of home treatment that is
TT lIIC entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home, hook, "Guide to Health," a
' ; =• treatise on a!l the organs and their diseases, free on application. Strictest confidence
; observed. Call or address : ! ■ : :' , \ * - - ■■■•■■?..■
Fl SWFANY M D ' 7S ' 7 3*E<*rl*.©t Street,
• i-it ▼T • JU» l^ I i T 1« . LJ. % . Opp, xam i ner Office, San Francisco, Cal-
Pingler 6. D. L. Dunshpe 9, H. Bet'er 10. W.
Rogers 10. L. TnieLaut 5, J. Bickerstrff 11, J.
Wilson 11, M. McDonald 11, K. lijen 3. A.
Melletz 5, E. Peterson 6, X. Du?h 9, J. Cam
mine's 10. M. Duushee 10, J. Murphy 11,
Knight 0, Wulzen 8.
Te& singles— J. H. Brownley 4, O. Finder 5,
E. L. Dunshee G, H. A. Boyd 5, Murphy 8, E.
Ladd 10. J. Bickerstaff 5, J. Wilson 9, M. Mc-
Donald 6, R. xtjen 6. a. Melletz 7, E. Peterson
7, Betten 4, Rogers 4, H. Dunshee 4.
Twenty singles— J. H. Brownley 13. D. Wul
zen 10, Ouch 13. V,\ Rodgers 13. Betten 15, H.
Dunshee 15, J. Biclter'taff 12, J. Wilson 14, M.
McDonald 9, R. Itjen 7. A. Mellett 14, E. Peter
son 5, E. L. Dunshee 17, Cummmgs 14, E.
Murphy 11, J. Lidd 15, T. Lewi* 4.
Fifteen siugles— Brownley 9, O. Fingler 6, H.
Betten 14. D. Wulzen lti. T. Lewis 3, E. L.
Dunshee 13, J. Cummings 10, L. Tnibaut 7, F.
schultz 4.
DOINGS OF U. S. SOLDIERS.
Where, the Troops Are Stationed In the
Department or California — >oldier«
at the Inauguration-
The latest roster of troops of the De
partment of California, embracing the
Slates of California and Nevada, com
manded by General James W. Forsyth,
shows that the companies of the three
branches of the service are distributed as
follow*: At the Presidio, Companies B,
C, I and Kof the Fourth Cavalry, Com
panies C, F, G and Kof the Third Artil
lery, Companies A, E, F, G, I and X of the
First Infantry. At Alcatraz Island. Com
panies A and L of the Third Artillery.
At Angel Island, Companies D, H and I,
Third Artillery. At Fort Mason, Com
pany E, Third Artillery. At Benicia bar
racks, Companies B, C and D, First In
fantry. At San Diego oarracks, Company
H, First Infantry.
Second Lieutenant Milton F. Davis,
Fourth Cavalry, has been granted one
month's leave of ab-ence, to date from
the 10th, and with perm ission to apply
for an extension of two months.
Post Cnaplain John H. McComber, in
charge of the schools at Angel Island,
recently celebrated tue anniversary of his
sixty-first birthday. In the evening tne
officers at tbe post and their families
called upon the chaplain to congratulate
him, ami then there was inaugurated an
evening's entertainment of vocal and- in
strumental music and games, after whicn
refreshments were served. The visitors
took their leave expressing the hope that
for many years to come they may have
the pleasure of congratulating him on the
recurrence of the anniversary.
The following is a list of the officers of
the army who will b*» retired during the
current year:
Captain George W. Dunbar, post chaplain,
March 8; Majur-Generai Thomas H. Ruger,
general officer, April 2; Colonel Charles T.
'Alexander, medical department, May 3 ; Briga
dier-General Frant Wheaton, general officer,
May 8; Captain Henry Romeyn, Fifth I.:f*n
try, Junel: Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis C. For
syth,quartermaster's department, June 11; Coi
onel William J. Lyster, Ninth Infantry. June
27; Mfljor Otis \Y. Pollock, Twenty-fourth In
fantry, August 7; Captain Joseph E. Irish,
post chaplain, August 7; Lieutenant-Colonel
Fralieis E. Lacey, Third Infantry, Augusts;
Brigadier-General George D.Ruggles, adjutant
general, Sepiemb.T 11; Brigadier-General
Thomas C. Sullivan, C. G. S.. November 14;
Lieutenant-Colonel William E. Waters, medi
cal department, November 15; Major James
Jackson, Second Cavalry. November 21; Major
Clarence E. Bennett, Nineteenth Infantry, De
cember 2.
The troops that will participate in the
inaugural ceremonies in Washington on
Thursday next have been designated by
the Secretary of War, 3nd are the follow
ing: The lour troops of the Third Cavalry
from Fort EiLtan Allen; the band and
four troops of the Sixth Cavalry, from
FortMyer; Light Baitery E, First Artil
lery, from Washington Barracks; L'gbt
Baitery D, Fifth Artillery, from Fort
Hamilton; three foot batteries of the
Fourth Artillery, with band, from Wash
ington Barracks, under a field officer;
lour loot batteries, from Fort Monroe,
with band, under a field officer; one foot
battery. Fourth Artillery, from Fort Me-
Henry; (all of the foot artillery will be
under tiie command of Colonel F. L.
Guenther, Fourth Artillery); the Seven
teenth Infantry from Columbus Barracks.
The battalion of engineers and the com
pany at We?' Point will also take part in
the coremonie*.
General Charles G. Sawtelle, quarter
masier-general of the army, having volun
tarily retired. Colonel George H. Weeks
has been named as his successor.
Colonel Weeks graduated from the mili
tary academy in 1807, and held a number
of positions in the army during the war.
He is well known on this coast. He was
chief quartermaster of the Department of
the Columbia from September 13 to De
cember 8, 1865; acting chief commissary of
the Department of the Columbia and de
pot quartermaster and commissary at
Fort Vancouver, Was-., to November 3,
1806; in charge of clothing depot at San
Francisco from December 31, 186S, to July
1, 1867; chief quartermaster. District of
Alaska, from August 13, 1867. to July 3,
1869; settling his accounts at Washington,
D. C, to Jannarv 18, 1870; depot quarter
master at St. Louis, Mo., from Febru
ary 6, 1870, to June 30, 1872; at Buf
alo, N. V., to March 30. 1874; at
Baltimore, Md.. to August 28, 1874, and
at Vancouver. Wash., from September 28.
1874, to May 30. 1878; chief quartermaster
Department of Arizona from June 22,
1878, to June 14, 1880; depot quartermaster
at Fort Leaven worth, Kan., from June 26,
1880, to April 30, 1882; at San FraDcisco,
from May 4, 1882, to October 15, 1887, and
as chief quurtermaster Department of
California from July 2, 1883, to January
28, 1884, and of the Division of the Pacific
from August 8 to November 24, 1883, being
in the field on General Howard's expedi
tion in 1887 against tne Nez Perces In
dians; depot quartermaster at New York
City from November 19, 1887, to January
19, 1888, and as assistant at same depot to
December 1, 1858; chief quartermaster
Department of Texas, from December 6.
1888, to October 7, 1891; depot quarter
master at Washin/ton, D. C, from Oc
tober 10, 1891, to November 12, 1894, and
on duty in the office of tne auartermaster
peneral to the present time.
NEW TO-DAT.
sht
Annual Statement
of the
Connecticut Mutual
Life Insurance Co.
Of Hartford, Conn.
Net Assets, January 1, 1896... $60,764,020 61
RECEIVED IN 1896.
For I'rcmliims $4,743,236 75
Forlntereutana It ent- 3, 139. 40 22 '■■
Profit and Loss ... 60,14073
*7,932,782 78
?bs,6oa*u3 3a
DISBURSED IN 1890.
For claims
by aeaih
and ma-
tured eij-
I dowmenis $4,508,018 25
(surplus re-
turned to
policy-
holders.... 1,274,658 63
Lapsed and
sunendcr- - -
ed policies 759,247 93
Total to Policy-.. \
H01der5...... 86,541,924 80
Commissions to
Agents, • --alarii't.
.Medical Examiners'
Fees, Print. uj.-, Ad-
■ vertlsing.Legai, Keal ■
Kstate and ail other
■ .Expenses 836,715 97
Taxes... :...\. ....:... 8»6,490 98 **
7.715,131 7»
>• - — — _— —^_
Balancb NKTAssKTs,Dec.3I,IB9B.SiSO,9BI. B7I 61
SCHEDULE OF ABSETS.
Loins upon Real Estate, first lien. .$35,722,498 00
Loans UDon utocks and Bonds 12,300 00
Premium Notes on Policies In Force 1.06j,4'J7 J8
Cost ot Real Estate Owned by tha
Company 8,788,184 43
Cost of United states and otner *•
Bonds 13,606.034 97
Cost of Ban-; and Railroad mocks. . " ■ 389,954 UO
Cash in Banks... ......'. 1,392.194 53
Bills Receivable 4,141 86
Agents' Ledger Balances ' 93654
5*60,981,671 61
ADD . . .
Interest due and ac-
crued... ....... $1,078,701 64
I Bentsdue accrued 39.763 69
! Market value of slocks
and bonds over io>u 499, 03 *
Net aeieried pre-
miums : 274.28670 Hill
Net uncollected pre-
miums 78,66721 "
$1,970,677 27
Gboss assets. Dec. 31, 1896... $02,952,348 88
- Liabilities:
Amount required to
re-tnmiru all out-
standiog policies,
net, mi> any 1 - •■ ■ - ffUfPii
standard $54,659,748 00
All other liabilities.. 1.159.303 84
—$55,799,051 84
SußPLtrs... $7,153 297 04
Ratio of expenses of management
to receipts in 1896 10.66 percent
Policies in torce Dec, 31, 1896,
66,441, insuring $167,422,626 00
JACOB L. GREENE, President.
JOHN M. TAYLOR, Vlce-Pres.
EDWARD M. BUNCE, Secretary.
DANIEL H. WELLS. Actuary.
F. R. NOYfcS. General Agent.
i A. K. P. HARMON JR.,
District Superintendent Agencies.
30-31 Milla Building, California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CASTE! CASTE!
AT TRI
CALIFORNIATHEATER
To-Sight (Monday) To-Sight
'■-.. Robertson's Comedy of CASTE
BY SOCIETY AMATEURS
The Society Event of the Season. .
TICKETS NOW ON SALE AT THE
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE
WEEKLY
07JLL
ol It Publishes the Cream of tha
p/ . News of the Week and -
b< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
U ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
lJ Always Republican, but Always
~S Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
o( litical News.
s>
cJ It's the Pap»r to Send East it
0 You Want to Advertise .
j California.
oc
J .
5 The Best : \ Mining
~j Telegraphic \/ News That
6 Service on /\ N Is AccuraU
ot The Coast / \& up to data
ol / \
»
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
ol or ' Faky, and Not a Line of
ol it Dry or Uninteresting.
n A PAPER TOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
ryf Brijrht, Clean, A Champion of
~J Thoughtful. Truth.
3 ' A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
jj AU THE TIME.
OC IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
-J IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, $1.50
oi INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
U THE CALL SPEAKS FOR Aii
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
"•. Editor and Proprietor. ,
"•SUBSCRIPTION «ATES-Post*2e Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one wrek, by carrier.. $0.16
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Daily and Sunduy Cael, tlx months, by mall.. S.OO
Pally and Bunday Cali* ttiree months by mail 1.50
Dally and (Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .66
sua<2»y Call, one year, by mail..'.. 1-60
V. jojcly Calx, one year, by mall «•• I*M
BUSINESS OFFICE :" -
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-188»
EDITORIAL ROOMS: .
617 Clay Street.
TtltpbOM... Malß-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montcomery street, corner Clay: open until
0:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:80 o'clock. '*<*;*
■ s\V, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
en til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock,
167 Ninth atrect; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock. . ~
OAKLAND OFFICE I
UOB Broadway.
.EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 and S2, 34 Park Row, N«w York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Baatem Manager. -
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. '
MOXDAY MARCH 1, 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
4429 inches
of advertisements, which is"
Q X Q inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Yesterday THE CALL pub-
lished
X 24 inches more
of advertisements than either of
its morning contemporaries.
r orward March.
Hail, gentle spring !
Now for carnivals and things.
Keep up the movement for the Federal
building.
Only three more days of woes, and on
the fourth old Grover goes. — ; •*•'•-;
Over in the East they won't dare to say
"Hail, gentle spring !" for fear of catching
a blizzard.
•
The Cuban . maSs-meeting will soon
claim attention, sympathy and enthu
siasm. 'z.'f'tfA
»
Republicans are glad McKinley is com
ing in, Democrats are glad Cleveland is
going out, and everybody is satisfied.
The Sultan is the one man in the world
who can see no beauty in tho latest Greek
curve.
• This week will be no bigger than other
weeks, but it will see more big things than
niost of ttiem.
The present session of Congress has
been very ordinary, but the next will be
something extra.
During this week Washiugton City will
be so full of life she can hardly feed it or
give.it room to sleep. .. ...
The retirement of Cleveland will give
sadness to the comic papers, but it will be
fan for serious people. ; " •;' ; >":
The powers will find : that the light of
Greece is not that of a tallow candle and
cannot be put out by blowing. > >.
In a few days the Legislature will be
showing its patriotism by servingwithout
pay, and then the work will be hurried up.
Now that springtime has come it will be
necessary to read our advertisements in
order to keep posted on the novelties and
know where to get bargains.
It is said that Silver Dick Bland vsitt
lead the minority in the next House of
Representatives, but all the same it will
never be known as a bland crowd. r •
. The only feature of the design 7 for the
Federal building which seems to be over
looked by the oiacials at Washington is
the fact that it was designed to.be erected.
As soon as the new Secretary of the
Treasury gets into office and looks around
he ought to see the necessity of hastening
the work on the Government building in
this City.
If there ever was a man in office who
bad a good excuse for doing nothing it is
Grover Cleveland. He has blundered so
often there is no use for him to try now
to do anything.
It is announced that as soon as his term
of office is, over Cleveland will start at
once for a yachting trip, so that those
wljo wished him to get off the earth will
be partially satisfied. /
The Spanish Government need not aban
don the proposed reforms simply because
the Cubans won't have them. It is quite
possible that some of them would fit Spain
herself and be agreeable. . . ;.-•
The coming of spring-this year signifies
'not only the departure of winter, but the
ending of the long depression. Il isto be
a spring of prosperity which will revive
business as well as flowers.
There is a demand in Boston that the
Massachusetts Le lslature appoint a com
mittee on grammar and syntax; and thus
does cultur\ when carried to extremes,
find fault with its own style.
At the recent whist tournament in Bos
ton, which is said to have been the largest
on record, the two leading prizes were
taken by women, and yet there are people
who say that at whist women never know
how to lead. : ' li'Y
s • — :
A Chicago millionaire chartered a spe
cial train to carry him from that city to
the bedside of his dying son in Denver.
The distance of 1020 miles was made in a
little less than eighteen hours. This was
speedy traveling, but death got there firßt.'
The work of civilizing, or at least of over
running, Africa is going forward so rap
idly fears are expressed that the elephant
willfloon be exterminated. It is estimated
tnat over 45,000 of them were killed last
year. It is a bad ottlook for the circus
business.
WHAT HAVE THEY DONE?
It is now several years since the City of San Francisco awoke to the urgent neces
sity of having built for the use of Its increasing bnginess a new Government building
mainly devoted to the uses of a Postoffice. By a spasm of energy on the part of the
then members of the Senate and Congress a small appropriation was voted for the
acquisition of a site for the structure. The sharpest kind of competition speedily
arose among the owners and agents of available sites over the selection of the most
suitable one. After awhile the spot upon which tradition tells us that the future
Postoffice may possibly be erected was.chosen by the Commissioners in charge of that
preliminary step.
That was years ago. Since then our people have held several Congressional elec
tions and have chosen more than one Senator. What have they done to further this
most needed public work? What in particular has been the activity of our Demo
cratic Senator and the Democratic members of the House of Representatives from
California, who are presumed to have some degree of influence with the Democratic
administration at Washington? What have you been doing, Senator White,
during the past year to keep the supervising architect awake to his duty
in this respect? What energy have you shown. Judge Maauire, in nroddins the Post
master-General and his deputies up to a proper activity in the furtherance of this
needed work? What have the other Democrats, who, while elected from outside dis
tricts, represent the whole State of California, done to supplement the lagging zeal of
those whose especial care it should have been to push along this public necessity?
The people of San Francisco are entitled to have these questions answered by
their servants at Washington, and are also entitled to be justly indignant if the forth
coming answer is not satisfactory.
During the present week a change in the administration at Washington will
occur. A Republican President, Secretary of the Treasury and Postmaster-General
will be in power. In view of the long and apparently inexcusable delay in this
matter, it will not do for Senator White or Congressman Maguire to lie back and
justify inertia upon the plea that they are impotent with the new administration-
Neither will this plea longer avail Senator Perkins or Congressman Loud.
The people of Ban Francisco demand their Postoffice building, and are aroused to
a full knowledge of the fact that they have been delayed inexcusably in getting it by
the grossest official neglect somewhere. They intend now to ascertain who is
responsible for this neglect and to put a present end to delay. Itis to be seen whether
our own official servants at Washington intend to act in the matter in accord with
their duty and with our City's needs. If they do not San Francisco will apply, to the
Senators and Congressmen representing other and more fortunate States and cities,
who have had their Postoffice buildings of equal or greater size arid cost completed in
their own communities during the years that San Francisco has -not succeeded in
getting beyond the purchase of a site.
SPRING IS HEEE.
According to the almanac and the con
ventional divisions of our year spring be
gins to-day. Over in the East, where the
seasons are sharply divided by differ
ences of weather, the day will be univer
sally noted and a thousand poems will
wing their way from poets' hearts to ed
itors' wastebaskets. With us, where the
seasons blend into one another by such
slow and slight changes as to be almost
imperceptible, the day will hardly be
noted at ali. Nevertheless to California
as much as to any part of the country does
the coming of spring give reason to re
joice. It promises prosperity and brings
a thousand evidences that the promise
will be fulfilled.
In our gladness at the coming of spring
we shall not lay so much stress as they do
in the East upon the blooming of flowers.
These, though they are not poor, we have
always with us. Our sense of satisfaction
comes from other things. It is a pleasure
of course to see the fields radiant aealn iv
the golden glow of poppies, the orchards
almost luminous with blooms and the gar
dens taking on a richer luxuriance than
tney have known under the clouds of
winter, but these are not for us so great a
chanue from wintry scenes as they are in
the East, and of course do not affect us bo
acutely. In order to fully enjoy them we
have to add to them music, revelry and
mirth. Our spring is the seKson of carni
vals.
Not, however, even from the gorgeous fes- ;
tivals which are being prepared in aii sec
tions of the State does the fullest satisfac
tion come with the consciousness thut we !
have reached the beginning of spring.
This year the season is to bring us first of
all relief from Cleveland. After that by
swift degrees will come relief from Cleve- |
landism, depression and hard times. The
spring is to be a new uprising of a thou
sand activities which have long lain dor
mant, 01 dying, under the administration j
of debt, deficit and disaster. Far better ;
than the return of flowers will be the re- 1
turn of Industry. More cordial will be
the welcome given to enterprise, work and j
wages than any which will be accorded to
carnivals however gorgeous or festivals
however gay.
In the good things of the spring Califor- j
nia will share. We shall have our return
to the summer of prosperity after the long
winter of depression. We shall profit with
the rest of the country in all the benefits J
of the coming McKinley days. Spring is j
here. Three more days of Grover. Truly !
it is time to rejoice, whether it rain or
shine.
GREEK NATIONALITY.
It is safe to assert that whatever cour.-e
may be taken by the great, powers in deal
ing with the Cretan crisis and to what
ever terms Greece may be compelled to
submit for the time, thecontest now begun
will not end until the desire of all the
Greeks to be united into one nation is
realized and satisfied.
This is not the first time modern Greeks
have had to struggle against great odds
for a national existence. Early in the
century, when Europe, worn out by the
long Napoleonic wars, sought repose by
every means diplomacy conld deviae, the
Greeks of the mainland rose to assert their
independence of Turkish rule. Then as
now tne Governments of the great nations
saw danger to themselves in the struggle
and endeavored to suppress the patriots.
Then as now, however, the sympathies of
the people of all countries were with the
Greeks, and it was in vain the diplomats
attempted to silence the voice of human
ity and to baffle the popular desire to see
Greece resume her place among the
nations of the earth.
As Gladstone speaks for Greece to-day
so Byron more eliquent than Gladstone
himself spoke for her then. In America
Fitz-Greene Halleck added the influence
of his genius to that of Byron and roused
American sympathy with Greece to a
genuine fervor by that noble ode to Marco
Bozzaris, which is still treasured among
the best possessions of our poesy. For
more than tin years the Greeks fought for
national independence in much the same
way the Cubans are fighting now. In the
end the apathy of the Governments of the
nations was overcome*. Diplomacy was
forced to jjive way to public sentiment.
The great nations a-, last interfered on
behalf of the heroic patriots, and Greece
was free.
It would have been well for Europe had
the statesmen of that time been wise
enough to deal with the subject thor
oughly and unite all the Greeks in one
nation. They chose, however, tne other
course and gave to freedom as little as
they could. They left the Greek islands
and Macedonia in possession of the Turk,
and to-day Europe reaps the sad conse
quences of that fault of the statesmen of a
bygone age. It remains to be seen whether
the rulers of Europe at this time will be
wise enough to profit by the warning of
that mistake, or whether they will com*
mit the same blunder and for the sake of
temporary peace attempt once more to
compromise an issue which can never be
settled until it is settled right.
We have seen in the later years of this
century the Italians and the Germans
tight their way to national unity. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
! Greeks now struggling in the same- cause
! are destined to win. Under, no circum
| stances will Crete be given back to Turkish
! rule, and sooner or later Macedonia will
j join the Greek nation and swell its
I strength. That accomplished there will
then remain the Poles and the Irish to
wait for the hour of destiny to strike for
them. In the end that hour will come,
j for the cause of liberty moves lorward
steadily and will not cease to move until
i in the fullness of time every people amon-g
j civilized men will have erected itself into
a free nation to play its part in the history
of an enlightened world.
A NOBLE GIFT.
Much of the complaint against vast ac
cumulations of wealth in individual hands
I would ceas3 if millionaires should follow
the example set by the Scandinavian,
1 Alfred Nobel, who recently died and be
; queathed a fortune of $10\000,003 to the
j benefit of humanity. The interest from
; this immense sura he directs shall an
| nually be distributed in five great prizes
| to the five men who have been among the
' foremost benefactors of their race.
There is a prize each for the most im
j portant discovery in physics, in chemistry
and in medicine, one lor the greatest liter
j ary work In an ideal sense and the riftb
I goes to him who shall have exerted the
j greatest or best action for the fraternity of
j tde people, for the suppression or the
diminution of armies and tor the promo
| tion of peace congresses.
These five prizes will amount to $60,000
each, and every year there will be a fresh
| chance for discoverers, authors and philan
thropists to win these fortunes. .It is the
most munificent system of rewards that
: has- ever been established. Four of these
| prizes are to be awarded by various Swel
ish academies and institutes and the fifth
by a committee appointed by t: c Nor
wegian Storthing, but it is the express
; will of the testator that nationality shall
; not be taken into account in the awards.
Alfred Nobel was a distinguished chem
ist and the inventor of dynamite. It
seems odd that he who placed in man's
hands the most terribly destructive of
war's munitions should have offered these
great annual prizss for those who put
forth the best efforts for war's suppression.
It is probable, however, the invention
itself may yet have a stronz influence in
putting an end to the battles the inventor
detested, and which he planned that nis
wealth should continue striving to over
come long after his death. Learning how
louse dynamite effectively may make
war mutually and suddenly extermina
tive that no nation will have the Molly to
engage in it.
It will be interesting to watch what ef
fect the stimulus of these large prizes will
have on genius. It is to be devoutly
hoped th^at mankind will greatly benefit
from the magnificent gift of this lover of
humanity. Perhaps the a»cegate effect
both in stimulating genius and befriend
ing mankind might have been made
greater by dividing tffe sum into smaller
prizes so as to reach humbler toilers and
des?rvers. Many more hearts would thus
have been encouraged and made happy.
The five among -the world's most success
ful men who will succeed in capturing
these great prizes would, in almost every
case, have reaped an immense reward
without the addition' of Nobel's gift, and
the stimulus of it could add little toward
rousinc a capacity which was great
enough to reach out for the first rive
achievements of each year. However,
since the manner of distributing the gift
has passed forever beyond reconsidera
tion, let us hope that Providence will
direct the awards to some of those modest
scholars who seek no wealth from patent
rights, and who have no commercial
capacity to compel the world to pay them
what they deserve.
COASI EXCHANGES
Chßrlei H. Coffey of San Jose has become
associated with H. R. Farley in the publica
tion of the Gonzale* Tribune.
The Visalia Daily Delta celebrated Its fifth
birthday last Monday. A bright, breezy paper
it it, and its prosperity aprears to have been
commensurate with its merits.
Woodland is happily profiting by its recent
spurt of enterprise. The Mail states that the
Wooiland creamery has proven a success be
yond ail expectations, and that a big cheese
factory is now to be established there.
The X Ray is the name of a paper which has
just entered the field In Cordelia, Bolano
County. D. H. White is the editorial operator,
and the X Ray is supposed to get the news if it
has to pierce through walls a foot thick to
reach it.
D. B. Hannah, founder of the Tacoma Sun, a
Populist newspaper, has ceased hig connection
with that journal, but his successor, A. P. Tug
well, promises that the battle shall continue
to be waged »ith equal determination against
everything and everybody that doesn't con
form with Popullstic doctrine.
According to the Tulare Register, a vigilance
committee has Decn formed in that section of
country, including in Its membership a large
number of "solid" citizenx. 4> The society is
not scattering its by-laws broadcast," says the
Register, "but the first fellow found riding off
a horse which does not belong to him will
learn the objects of the orean ization with the
least possib.e delay. The methods of pro
cedure will vary v- suit surroundings— that Is,
there will be one plan of initiation within the
ookbelt and another on the plains. Attention
will uot all be devoted to persons with a weak
ness for horses. Anyone found with plunder
of any description, th« title of which is vented
in somebody else, will have uo occasion to put
the county to expense."
The Bhasta Courier, profiting by the wisdom
born of experience, makes Hie following re
flection on the cold-day clamor of some of its
exchanges /or "wood on subscription": "When
they get older they will savey more. The
Courier has been running for nearly half a
century and has had 1000 men promise
to bring wood on subscription, »nd finally
been forced to come to the conclusion that in
that time, to its certain knowledge, there haTe
been 999 derued liars in Shasta County."
The Bodie Miner-Index, which, by the way,
is one of the most interesting exchanges since
J. W. E. Townsend assumed charge of it, says
that "if Comsteckers are as smart as they used
to be they will get UDa dear little boom during
the pug invasion and give the sports a chance
to become stock speculators. How would it do
to uncover the bonanza that is currently re
ported to exist in Belchei? It might set the
ball rolling and start a wake-up deal. Much
has been said during the past ion years about
that hidden ore body. It it is there, now is
the time to show it up and make a market for
the boys."
Here is another original suggestion from
the Bodie Miner- Index: -It might be a good
plan ior the Secretary of the Navy to have aU
the rocks and reefs along tho coast lines of
this country legibly labeled lor the
protection of the United States cruisers.
The commanders seem to be unable otherwise
to assure themselves of the existence of such
things save by the crude and disastrous test
of actual contact."
The Salinas Index informs us that the new
Spreckeljs sugar factory soon to be built ther.-,
together with the reservoir, pulp sheds, pump
ing plants, beet sheds, machine-shops, offices,
etc., will cover a floor space of 522 acres. Th^
rock lor the foundation of the big building
alone will amount to 12,000 tons. There will
be two steel smokestacks 200 feet in height,
besides neveral smaller ones. The main build
ing win be 08t» feet long by 100 feet in width,
and it will be two stories in height. The boil
ers alone will cost in the neighborhood of
$140,000. These figures will give tome idea of
the magnitude of the new industry.
NEWS OF FORB.GN NAVIES.
The British battle-ship Canopus.building at
the .Pembroke dockyard, is to be Completed in
twenty months. During the first four weeks
af'er the keel was laid 002 tons of material
was put up in the"hull.
Schichau, at Klbing, Prussia, is building six
152-feet torpedo-boats, with 2300 horse
power, for the German navy and four torpedo
boat destroyers for China, which are 193 feet
G inches in length, have a horsepower of
0500 and are to have a speed of 32 knots.
The Corrientes, torpedo-boat destroyer built
in England for the Argentine Republic, left
London February 1 for her voyage to Buenos
Ay res, but returned to Portsmouth three days
later, having met with severe weather in the
Bay of Biscay. The craft leaked considerably
and the machinery got out of order. Her
repairs will be considerable.
Yu Lv, Tartar general of Foochow and Im
perial High Commissioner of the Foochow ar
senal, has reported to Peking that he hag ar
ranged Jor the. purchase of centrifugal pumps,
j hydraulic lift for the patent slip, shears and
| macninery for lifting heavy guns', etc., and
states that with the addition o} modern ma
chine tools the arsenal will soon be able to
turn out modern warships of steel and also
battle-ships of imall size.
The Centurion, first-class barbette, armored
ship of the British navy, lateJy attached to the
China-tquadron, bad a four-hours' sea trial re
cently,, during which she averaged 13.2 knots,
j and for half an hour Worked up to 19 knots.
>he is rated in Bras.'ey's at "18.5 knots by
j log." and her receut performance ;s certainly
i very satisfactory, indicating as it does that the
i engines and boilers have been well cared for
| during tho three years of commission.
The Chinese Govew meirt has seeored the
services of Commander F. G. Dundas of the
royal navy, with the permission of the British
! Government. It was necessary, however, for
! the Chinese first to apologize to the British
I Foreign Ofhce for the treatment to which the
| former English officer lent to China hid been
I subjected, and the newly appointed officer will
■ be solely under the immediate orders of the
Viceroy of Chl-11, to whom be will alone be re
sponsible. Commander Dundas will leave for
i China early in March.
..
The Yashima, battle-ship lor the Japanese
navy, building at Armstrong's, Elswick, is
nearly ready for her trial trip. She presents
many novel improvements over ships of simi
j lar class and will be very formidable. Her
I dimensions are 372 feet length, 73 feet 6
inches beam and 20 feet 3 inches main
draught.. disp'acing 12,320 tons. The armor
| belt, of Harveyized steel, is 22(5 feet in length,
! 8 feet in depth and ranges from 18 to 14
i inche3 in. thickness. The barbettes and con
ning tower are 14 inches thick. The arma
ment consists of four 12-inch rifled guns, ten
6-iuch, fourteen 3-pounders and ten 2V 2 '
pounders, all, of course, rapid Bran. Under
natural draught the speed is expected to
reach X> :1 4 knots and 1S' 4 knots under forced
draught. The coal-bunker capacity is 1200
tons in sea-going draught.
The gunnery trials of the Chilean cruiser
Esmeralda icok place yesterday off the mouth
of the Tyno and proved satisfactory. The Es
meralda was built by Sir W." G. Armstrong <t
Co., and she is the most heavily armored
cruiser in' existence and with the exceptional
speed under natural draught of 23 knots. She
is of 7500 tons displacement, has a Harveyized
steel belt, and carries two 8-inch, sixteen
6-inch, six 1-2-pounders of 40 caliber, two 12
--poundersof 23 caliber, niue 6-pounders, two
3-poumlerg and four Maxim Nordeiifelt guns,
ail being qijick tiring. Electricity is used for
training the heavier guns and lor hoisting
s-hells and ammunition. The severe test of
firing an 8-inch and four six-inch guns simul
taneously in the line of keel lore and aft was
done without any damage whatever to the
ship, not even the ornamental woodwork of
the cabins below deck showing any signs of
starting.
PERSONAL .
Dr. G. W. Shores of Salt Lake is at the Bald
win.
■ G. B. Vanderhurst of Salinas is at the Occi
dental.
John O'Neill, a contractor of Eureka, is at
the Grand.
J. C. Mogk, a grain-dealer of Colusa, Is a
guest at the Grand.
William White of Cornwall, Eng., is a late
arrival at the Palace.
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacramento, is
registered at the Grand.
J. W. nil worth, a business man of Now York,
is.at the Cosmonolitan Hotel.
Shelby Tuttle, a capitalist and ex-mining
operator of Montana, is at the Palace.
C. D. Daly, a merchant of Eureka, came down
yesterday and registered at the Grand.
W. P. Fuller reiurned last night from a trip
through the East. He is at the Palace.
Charles M. Hammond, an insurance man of
Upper Lake, 1b visiting at the California.
A. H. Boles, a prominent young business
man of Sacramento, is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel. ' I
John L. Egbert, a manufacturer, of Spring
field, Mass., arrived yesterday at the Occi
dental.
Frank Aldridge, Assemblyman from Watson
vilie, Accompanied by Mrs. Aldridge, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
J. X Ormsby, a dealer in California fruits in
Chicago and Eastern markets, is a recent ar
rival at the Palace.
Assemblyman J. G. Elliott of Merced, iccnn
panied by his wife, is down from Sacramento
at the Cosmopolitan.
Rev. N. McNulty, a well-known Catholic
priest of Paterson, N. J., now in this State on a
tour for his health, returned yesterday to the
Lick.
G. Riparaonti of Italy and G. de Barros of
Paris returned to the Baldwin yesterday after
a month's tour of the southern part of the
State.
Carlton 11. c ark.. California Commissioner
to the Guatemalan Exposition, will leave to
day to take charge of this State's interests at
the exposition.
Dr. A. E. Osborn, superintendent of the
Home ior the Feeble-minded at Eldridge, So
uoma County,' is at the Grand in company
with Or. Worrall of Santa Clara.
Arthur Baure, cashier of the new bank at
San Luis Obispo, just transferred to the Swiss-
American Bank of this Citr, arrived at the Oc
cidental yesterday with hit wife and will par
ticipate to-nignt in a banquet given by his fel
low bankers.
Countess Espenoza and a small retinue of
servants, consisting of a courier named J. M-
Oakley, a valet and a maid, arrived here yes'
terday evening, took a suite of rooms at the
Palace Hotel and immediately retired thereto
declining to be visited by any one. Tne-
Countess came from the southern part of the
State, but is probably originally from Spain.
AIR CASTLES.
.•I sit alone to-nicht. and dream
. In the lire igot's mini flar<»,
And gazing in tbe glowing grate
1 bee refl.-cted iher •■'■•-■-• '
Through f uticy 's fairy vistas ' • '■■' : "
My castles in the air. - .
- In distant sta'ely splendor '
viands fame's Imperial fane: -
What would we not surrender .
■ - Her treasured aiores to «aiu? .
From walls with jewels gleaming, .
' From halls with beauty beaming,
Sound voice* ever seeming . -
v To call us to attain. ■ :
The helihts of Castle Learning
Are gained through many stars, \
But when with ardor burning
- . We oeat against tier bars; ' .
She grants to our endeavpr
'Laareis that fading never
Abide with us forever, ■ ■'•
Kndurlngfts i he stars. ~-l'.rf~
1 sit atone to-night, and dream .- ■, '
In the fir-'itiit's fitful flare ■ , ; :-" >
Ye graciou* fates, but grant, I pray,
.'•■■' The will to do and dare;
That I may put foundations 'oeath
' My castles In the air.
JEkn*st Nf.al Lyon in Sew York Sun.
PARAGRAPHS ABOU'f PEOPLE.
Miss Jessie Langfora of Duluth has a very
clean record as a licensed pilot. She has
served more than ten years on the great lakes.
Miss Minnie F. Clay has been appointed
i. captain of a steamer on Lake Sebago, Me.. She
raised the examination for pilot and naviga
tor.
Mane Corel ii dressed a doll to represent
Jessamine Dale, a character in one of her
novels, ana sent it to the London Truth doll
show.
W. A. Johnson, who is now Associate Justice
of the Kansas Supreme Court, serving his third
term, once was mi amateur baseball pitcher,
and a good one, too.
Tolstoi's manuscript is full of interlineations
' arid erasures, and the handwriting is small,
fine and hard to read. The Countess transcribes
it for the printer, and one year, it is said, she
niaae til teen copies of one of her husband's
- books.
John Nicholas Brown, son of the late John
Carter Brown, the millionaire manufacturer
of Rhode Island, who has beyn in Europe for
several years, has cabled the trustees of the
public library of Providence a gift of $200,000
ior the new library building.- Without this
gift there was little prospect of the building's
completion for several years.
It is not generally known thßt President
elect McKinley owns a form of 103 acres
located twenty miles from Canton, near the
junction of Carroll, Stark and Columbiana
Counties, Ohio. He was Prosecuting Attorney
of Stark Couuty when he secured possession of
the property. A man named Adams manages
the farm and divides the pfotiu with the
owner. . •
For twenty-five years George Hiintsinger of
Lumpkin County, Ua., has served as inspector
of me Yahoola Hydraulic Company. His
duty has been to daily inspect the supply pipe
from tho Yahoola River to the gold fields, a
distance of twenty-five miles. For tweuty
hve years, in ah sorts and conditions of
weAther, Huntsiugcr has walked the length of
this pipe one day and back ngaiti the next.
When, recently, he gave up the job on accotfnt
of failing health, he cin'Milai»d that ho had
covered a distance of 35,f>50 miles on foot.
NEWSPAPhR PLEASANTRY.
■•Why do you suppose that society woman
married an organ grinder?"
"Probably she wanted to get rid of him."—
Chicago Record.
"De man dat boasK ob his cha'ty," said
!'n -if Ktif n, "makes some folits criticize. But
he am' ez bad as de man dat ain't got no 'scuse
foh boastin' even el he w-anied ter." — Wash
ington Star.
Willie— lt's always in damp places where
mushrooms grow, isn't it, papa?
Papa— Ye*, my son.
"is that the reason ihey look like umbrellas,
papa?''— YoDkers Statesman.
Emily (playing "house")— Now, I'll bo
mamma, and you'll be papa, ana little' Bun
and Ressie will be our babies.
Wiliie (after a moment, anxiously)- — Ain't
it about time to whip the children ?— London
Ti'-Bits.
"What is the matter with Chappie? 111,1
hear."
"Yes, has water on the brain. Wore his sof
hat with the crown dented in a circleand went
out in the ruin one day.— Cincinnati Commer
cial-Tribune.
"The laboring man dofs not seem to know
his place at all," said the effete person from
across the sea.
"He don't, eh?" said the American farmer.
"Jest you sit around till dinner's on the table."
Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Some men will go to almost any length for
the sake of being eccentric."
"Yes, indeed, there's Browning, for in
stance."
'What's his freak?'-'
"Won't ride a wheel. "—Chicago Journal.
"How long have you been on this route?'
asked the drummer of the conductor on a prim
itive Southern railroad.
"Ten yeahs, suh."
"Indeed? You must have gotten on several
miles south of where I did."— Free Press.
Spinks— lt's very inconvenient to be poor. I
hope Dame Fortune will soon knock at my
door.
Mrs. Spinks— lt wouldn't do you any good if
•be did knock. . -
Spiukf— What's the reason ? " ' ' ;; -■ ' •
. Mrs. Spinks— Because you are ver at'
home.— Ohio State Journal. >/ J
JEFFERSON'S IN/ UGURATION.
Century Maeazin«.
No inauguration myth has Deen more tena
cious of life than that which pictured Jeffer
son, 1 attired a? a plain citizen, riding on horse
back to the Capitol, hitching his hone to the
palings, and walking i unattended - into the
Senate chamber to take the oath as President.
To have done this would have been in accord
ance with his previous utterances, for; he
had strongly condemned .as savoring of
monarchy all public ceremony at the swear
ing in of a President. When the time for
his 'own Inauguration arrived, however, the
case seems *' to ? hare -looked *.. different to
him. Whether it wns because ne was to be the
first Presideut inaugurated nt the new Capi
tol, or because of an willingness to disap
point tho large numbers of his friends and
partisans who had assembled to honor him, is
net clear; but the fact is that he did permit a
considerable display : at the ceremonies. ■ Be
whs met iat the door of . his boarding-house,
which was only a . stone's "■ throw from - the
Capitol, by a militia artillery company and a
precession of citizens, and, escorted by ■ ttiese,
he went on loot to the Capitol. ■"" ; ■
The horseback story, or "fake," as it would
be | denominated :in modern | journalism, was
the invention of an Englishman named John
Davis, ■ who ? put ;it- In a book of American
travels which he published in London two
years later. In order to give it an air of
truthfulness, Davis declared that he was pres
ent at the inauguration, which was = not : true.
A veracious, account of the ceremonies was
sent ■to - England by Edward Thornton, who
was then in charge of the British legation at
Washington, and in '- this * Jefferson was & de
scribed as having; walked to the CapitoL These
fact*, together with « great mass of interest
ing matter about Jefferson* inauguration, are
set forth in detail by Henry Adams in bis
"History of the United States," and; leave no
doubt that the Davis version was a pure fabri
cation.: UX'iV.&ti ■- :~':'.T i '::-:-j- '*'"'■-...'.. ■.' ' ; '
DR. HEMPHILL, Who Yesterday Denounced the European Powers
Which Are Tyrannizing Over Greece.
ARRAIGNED THE
GREAT POWERS
Dr. Hemphill on the Bom
bardment of the
Greeks.
Strong Words of the Pastor oi
Calvary Presbyterian
Church.
So-Called Christian Nations Termed
Pagan and Barbarian.—Con
gregation E ectrifieJ.
Dr. Hemphill of Calvary Presbyterian
Church poured hot shot into the Euro
pean powers for their efforts to prevent
Greece from occupying Crete in his ser
mon yesterday morning.
The announced topic, "A Noteworthy
Example of Christ's Cleansing Power,"
gave little intimation "of what was to
come, and the congregation was electrified
when the pastor arraiened the nations in
no measured terms for interfering with
the Greeks. He termed them "puny,
paean, barbarian powers of Europe," and
called upon the Lord to stay the slaughter
of Christians by the "unspeakable Turk."
"They are having troublous times over
there in Europe at present," he said, "and
the trouble is not ended. It is only be
gun. A trouble is never ended until it is
ended right. The great powers of Europe
think they have ended it by turning their
great guns on little Greece. God bless lit
tle Greece! May she make for herself a
new Thermopylae! The great powers
have not ended the trouble. They have
only begun it. The Christian sentiment
oi the world is greater than the greatest
guns of the great powers, and the Chris
tian sentiment of the world is against the
Turk. • „ ,
"The Turk is unspeakable. The Turk
is fanatical in bis hatred of all Christians
of every name. The Turk is a lustful
beast, The Turk it a bloody butcher. The
Turk is a moral leper.
"The Christian powers? The civilized
powers? The great powers? No; the puny,
pagan, barbarian powers. Why do I call
them so? Because for half a century and
more they have aided and abetted, and are
stiil aiding and abet;injr, the atrocious Turk
iv his bloody butcheries. Within the
memory of some here the Turk has butch
ered oO'OCO Greek Christians, 10,000 Nesto
rian Christians, 11,000 Maronite and Sy
rian Cnristiana and 15.000 Bulgarian
Christians. And within two years he has
butchered 75,000 Armenian Christians,
mostly men, leaving more than 300,000
women and children, mostly girls, to die
of disease and starvation, or become the
slaves of Turkish lust and rapacity. And
the grent Christian, civil zed powers of
Europe? No; the puny, pagan, barba
rian powers of Europe watch the bloody
butcheries and do nothing. And they do
nothing in the interests ot peace, they say.
"It is a great, dreadful lie. It is not in
the interests of peace, but in the interests
of their pockets. Turkey is a bankrupt
nation; me great powers are the credit
ors, and if Turkey were dismembered the
creditor nations would suffer loss. Their
present do-nothing policy is in the inter
est* of greed, and not in the interests of
peace. Have the great powers of Europe
iu'cii so fond of peace in the past that they
should now cry 'peace at any price?'
Peace! It is a false peace. It is saying
peace, peace, when tuera is no pence.
Sometimes the best and only way to
peace is through blood-red war. War is a
great evil, but ihere are worse things even
than war. The present iniquitous peace
in Europe is worse; and tt. ere never will
be peace in Europe until the leprous Turk
is driven out of it. Well, my comfort and
faith and hope and prayer is that what
the so-called Christian nations cannot
or will not do, Jesus Christ, the king of
nations, will do. He can cure the lepro
sies that afflict the body politic just as
ea3ilyas he cured the leprosy that afflicted
the body of the man whose case we have
been considering this morning, just as
easily as he can cure the leprosy of sin
that atthcts your soul and mine.
"He has yet to reckon with the Turk
for all the Christian blood he has shed.
He has yet to reckon with the Christian
nations of Europe for letting it be shed.
How long, O Lord, how long? Why
tarry the wheels of thy chariot? MaKe
speed to save thy slaughtered jteoole, for
their salvation comes not from the na
tions ot Europe who call themselves by
thy name."
BETURJJB WITH BELIOS.
Children Have a Fine Time at the
Chutet.
There was an hour or two of pleasant
weather yesterday, which made a visit to
the park and ocean bench a pleasure to
tne lew who went out. %
Curator Wilcomb of the park museum
baß returned from a trip to Southern Cali
fornia, where he has been collecting
Indian relics. They wiil be put on exlii
bition next week. There have been a
number of donations to the mußenm dur
ing the past week. A number of opals
were given by S. Sonnenfeld of San Fran
cisco, some stuffed birds from Mrs. M. E.
Chauche of Oakland and some relics of
colonial days from Mrs. Ed E. Lee of Sa
lem. Mass.
The birds in the aviary were tuning up
for the opening of spring, and Monarch,
the grizzly bear, thought it warm enough
to take a bath in the big tub.
They had the usual sports out at the
Sutro baths. The boys' race was won by
F. Ciough. Tl:e 100-yard race was a tie
between Geddis, Redigan and Bell, ana
the obstacle race was won by F. Clough.
At the Chutes there was "a crowd of de
lighted children watchiner the perform
ances of Bristol's trained ponies. Tbe
star performer was the little muie, "Den
ver," who cleverly helps his master put
on his coat, and he can pull off the boss'
rubbers and put "them away in the closet.
When his master was sick in the city of
Denver the little mule used to go down to
the hotel to see him every day and walk
up the steps to his room, ilc can get
in a swing and swing himself in a way
that brings much applause.
- • — « — »
Corporations.
The fourth lecture on commercial law in
the special series given by William Craig will
take place at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Hall, jMason and Kills streets, to-mor
row evening at 8 o'clock. His subject will be
"Corporations. '\ The lecture will be free for
all young men. - '
*■ — ♦ — • —
California Glace Fruit 50c lb. in fire-etched
boxes at Townsend's, Palace Hotel building. •
* -"'"..*.+.* • "•" '..""
* 1 'Had a whole seat in the car to myself com
ing up tp-nlght.'' , . . v ' „. •■ / -
"How was thai?'.' ,.' r. V \\* / ', '!'
"Carrted a cake of limbnrger in my Docket
and sat near the stove." — Plain Dealer. -
- . ■ ,■■ , • — * — ■• - . — r .',.'
t FrECTAL lniormation daily to mannfacturar\
business bouses and public men by the Praii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
. ♦ — — • —
. Lady of a Certain Age— l like this dress, but
itdoesn't match my complexion.
Candid Friend— On, that's but a trifle. You
can alter your complexion to suit.— Twinkles.
Excursion Kates to Washington.
For the benefit of those desiring to witness tbe
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from all points on Its line* in Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold March 1, 2 and $,
valid tor return until March 8. similar tickets
via B. and O. R. K. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
shortest and most direct line to Washington the
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any ia all
America. Passengers also have the option of trav
eling via Akron and Plttsburg or via Bellatreand
Orafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestlbuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining
car service is unscrpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application by
L a Allen, assistant general passenger agent, B.
and O. K. X., Grand Central station, Chicago.
• — ♦ — •
•'The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half l>ay* to Chicago.
The Union Pacific Is the only Hne running Pnll
man donble drawing-room aod tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, Han Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars.
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. I>- W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, ban Francisco.
• — ♦ — »
"Mm. fYlnsloW* Soothing Srrnp"
Has been used over flf.y . years by millions of
mothers for ihelr children while Teething with pep.
feet success. It sooihes child, eortens the gums,
allays Palo, cares Wind Colic, regulates .be Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing Irom tep.bing or other causes. >or sale by drug
lists in every part of the world. Be sure and aslc "
for Urn. Winsiow's Soothing Syrup. 3&c a bottle.
■-. •"''■ — " — ~ — • — ♦ * '■ ;
C'o*OKAi>o.-Atmosphere U* perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mlsla coai- |
mon farther norlb. Pound-trip tickets, by utea.-n- J
ship. Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $65 : longer stay $2 SO per day. ' Apply
4 New Mouigomery nt., Pan Francisco.
» ♦ — • —
No bpauty ever lcoks her best
Unless, with Ayer's Msir Vigor dressed.
Her hair, chief g ory Is confessed. :>' • '••? ■
;.-,;">._'. 1 — — ♦ • — — ■ . ■
B"Bragsloy tells me that he attends a bail
every night." - . .
"Yes; his -bßby cries regularly from 11 to
4." — Cincinnati Commcrcla' -Tribune.
SEW TO- OAT.'
No other oil and no other
medficine has ever been dis-
covered which can take the
place of Cod-liver Oil in all
i conditions of wasting. New
i remedies come, live their
1 little day and die, but Cod-
! liver Oil remains the rock on
! which all hope for recovery
must rest. When it is scien-
tifically prepared, as in Scott's
i Emulsion, it checks the pro-
j gress of the disease, the con-
! gestion and inflammation sub-
side and the process of healing
begins. There is the whole
truth. Book about it free.
•COTT & BOWNE, New YorfcMONDAY MARCH 1, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin' Theater —"Shore Acres." „
Calikcenia HKATKR.— " C aSl*. •
Columbia Theater At the French Ball. • •
Morosco Opkea- House. — ' The Derby
Mascot.
Alcazar Theater.- By Proxy."
Tivoli Opera House - The Mikado."
Obpheiim.- High-class Vaudeville.
New Bush-stf.kxi- Thkatkb,— "Si Ferkios."
■■HASics 1 Pavilion— Tu ;-of-\Var.
Obikox.- Vienna Orchestra.
SUTkO Baths— Bathint and I erlormances.
THK rm-TKs AND SKATING ' Rink- Daily at
Haight btreet, one b'loctc ei.B*_ of the Park.
- Pacific Coast Jockky Club.— Races to-day.
ALCTION iALES.
By E». Bafch— day. March 1, Furniture, .
st 819-321 sutler street, at 10:30 o'clock.
By J. C. Jlutheh- day. March 1. Gracer-
ies, at co. Howard ami Xii:euenih streets, at 11
o'clock. " ' .. ■ •
By Bovke, Toy & Sonntag.— rt'odnesday,
March 10,' Real Kstate, ot salesrooms, 30 Mont-
gomerj street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The children hnd a happy day at the Chutes
yesterday watching Bristol.- trained ponies.
Preparations at the Mark Hopkins Institute
for the ro*rdi. gras ba.ll arc neariy completed..
Dharmapala,.the Indian Buddhist, lectured
to a large audience at Gplden Gate Hall last
evening. • . % - • °
The celebration of the- feast of fofty.honra'. |
devotion .was innugum:ed at St. Ignatkis yea-"
terday morning.. = _° ■ „
0 The St. Patrick's, day convention was in
session yesterday. It selected John J. Barrett
• as ora:or ci the day. _ .
<urator Wilcomb pt the Park Museum has
. returned from Southern California with a col- .
\- lectiou of Indian relics. .' °
f ' .. Atelio Pastfni, who' ate o»" poisonon* mush
| .rooms last Wednesday ocvening,°died at his !
■^ "home yes lerday morning.
,'i'he Lincoln and' Enciftal Gun°.c\ubs held j
. 'bluerock tournaments at -.Alameda junction
° . and Bird's Point yesterday. „ - °. •
• . The Piute" Indian base-bal team." succumbed j
■„-. envceiuliy yesterday afierhooh to the. U.S. ■
:".. Regulars' team. Scprc, 9to 7. ■" '. '. °
/ \ * John S. Clark and "George .Cumming. ad- 1
'";• ' dressed a weli-at tended meeting of. the La-bo r !
. :■". .Exchange yesierday*fternoon.: ' .':'
C. • J.C. >"enlon and R. Llnehan. defeated T. F.
.'• Bonnet and M. X. KilgaUon at the "Sin Fran- ;
• , o Cisco. Handball Court yesterday. . . •
.•. La-t night the services of the First' Baptist
.: Church were conducted by the .Ehdeavorers.
.' It was :n aid of the''97 convention.
... A number of military marksmen were
. jt* present on, the ShelLMound rifle rnnge yester
day aud many good scores were made.
. • The b°abe fo.und oa,.the doorsteps at 620" i
Steiner street has be.vi "taken in charge by :
'o&ister Auti'a t>t'.the -Maria Kip OTphannge,
-."• Sousa and his' famons band gave a farewell !
cbnqert last night at the Caliiprnia Theater, j
••' -the conclusion orai'our days' engagement.
Elder John F: bniith of the Society oi Latter- i
day Saints spoke Mt Pytiuah Castle lasteven- j
. ing, iiis-subject being •'Prt-exi>ting Spirits."
V" . Tbe.Germariia Schuetzen Vltrb's p-üblic.casn- 1
v J»rize ieaiure, ahacheS to the regular matches, !
.-• has proved a siiceessfui and profitable experi- |
. " ment. ° ■ °. ° . • . i
°- -Ferdinand Gross, an inventor of gusbline ;
engines, committed ssuicid e"boy o inhaling 'gas :
' at 1534 Mission street some time Saturday
/ n-igiit. •;..,•
".*»•.■ Many prominent citizens have expressed |
theciseives in favor of urjfine the Federal Gov- I
". ernment to build -the Postoffice here without i
■; : .- .delay. • ■ ' .. ' .. • . . .
••■„■• The sailing, race between the Whitehall I
"-* bqats yesterday was* won= by Thomas Harden |
' / . v,\\h Diive J.rowley. Jr. second a.nd Gus'O'Don- i
• ■ r.ell fhird.
° ' ° R^v. Dr. HemphUl of Calvary Presbyterian j
•°. Church" crraigned the -powers of Europt- lor j
■* ° borc.barding the Greeks ia Crete In uis"yester- '
. diiy'mornitiu's sermon.
•';•> ' Sergeant FJtzgibbon.oi ttr> Harbor'police will !
". .*« Be buried frbm his home, 5-4 Kell street, ai 9
. : . °a. M. to-day. The ptllbearers Avill.be from j
\ . % '»Eiohg Harbor Police.force.
.. ,J Louis Novraumont, a s^ioon-keepor at 117;. i
0 . v.-°Klntn street, wes knocked down in his saloon j
{• ; eArly yesterday jnorning. an<l brutally kicked
1. ""'. on the fBCe by an unknown man.
'.':'.'•, . To-night society will go to the California 1
. "iThtra'ter to witness ihe performance of the j
". ; ° coniedy of "Caste!' presented by amateur i
.... . . o attors in the cause of worthy charities. i
:j. . James O'Connell, charged with fe!ontQUß as
.. ■'. ■ "saull and 'reieHS«,'d on. bonds, attempted to ,
. -' Orown hiniself Saturday night arid yesterday ;
.-'•: .inprning was surrendered by his o bondsmen.
::•'": A collection was taken up on. behali of the
*;••'•' Young "Women's Christian Association at the
■':,•' K'.rst Cqtigregationffl, Church l»st night and
'.- ?.' .Dr.' Adains preache°d an appropriate sermon.
..'■'•■: ' Sunday was a cheerless d^y" with the army
'.-.-. .'ai unemployed. Their larder at the barracks
' '.-.•;' is empty, and ifa.any will .have to wait until
... "to-day li or i heir first meal in tweuty-four
'•;••■■. -hours.' ■* ° ;.° o ° ■ = G
•.'"•° ' James Ryan and, George. Burke broke into a
;;.'. tsiior's. °shop, 509 'Valenci* ostreet, early
,V- - 31 st- rdav morning, and \?cre arrested a few
.;.• '* o . hours Inter with the plunder" ia their pos
•••'•• ° c sej»ion.- 0 '•' ao ° o .° » .°
' ';■ A. H. Pape Ot the Pistol and Rifle
'"• -o Ciut> has t,r«ken the record b; firing 185 con
■■" ■ eetiitive shoUiUoreeulaVmatche'!', at 200 yards
'V-- °cflhand, without getting his bullets out o! the
'° twelve-iuch bullseye. , . o
° •••. . The gypsit-s wer«b driven out of San Mateo c
• la.~t "Friuayo and. were btck on the front again
- -> f esterd^y t ' ° Sergeant Mahoney 9 ke.pt them
: •,• (■vinii, and, tfter ° departed oon the 3 creek
"/'." route Alameda. ° ° c O °
\zU ;° The'neiv Good Samaritan Mission and the J
"° •" 'Citßbrtench a! c Armitage Church Orphan
■ngtand the Orpnin Home, at the corner of
V. ;• Becoad au^ Folsom stree'.s, were ior.mally
- ' • opi.ne.i yesterday with ceremonies condue'e-i
■' '■• by hishqp aii<| o several Episcopalian
1 '-y.' rergyruen.
.' '-■ o uMtl twenty-fivp mile road race of tbe
" cCaliiornla Associated 0 -eyeing Clubs drew a
} " large cro°wd <<f . w-bgelrhen and spectators to
•'•.,. o San Leandro° yesterday. Tony-,Delmas made
1 ° ■■■ best tinfe.aloweringihe coast record, and E. A.
.; ■' Bi 7AO won first rlace. . The race was ■ chapter
«■.■•■•.' 0i accidents and incidents. ' t *,-"^
Opera > ■.i-m at the Baldwin
- : °o Mana'g.T Bau^ier of the Uald win Theater re- °
cejved the following,, telegram last evening
•* fcm New Orleans relative to the operatic or
' ° ° 'Ramzat.ou which will shortly appear in this
City: •'. ,
Engaeement c'.o»i"nz mont brilliantly. Last
I s hl . 000 persons %vii.ntßsetl new 0!>-tB. p4 Sl«ura,c
I »ad the company wna ch-ere<l to the echo. The
1 inasfr mecfiaiiic and pa 'leave this evening for
I -an FraDcist:o 0 to prepare for the appearance of
" t.ir compuuy in that CStjr.
.' Reyer's masterpie'ee, "^igurd," which .has
created such a seusatioji In the bouthern city,
' will be produced here on tho evening or Tues
* day, March., 16. and will doubtless appe#l.wJth
equaL BQQcejti to ttio mußic-ioving public.
Jlme. Foed< r, the celebrated soprano, wfll of
course be the Brunhilda qf the cast, and Mbs
sar», whcfte reputation is international, wIU
appear iit the title fole.' i ° — - •'
ifEW TO-DAT. •
SKIN
Boft,"WTiite Hands with Shapely Nails, Lnxn-
riant Hair with Clean. o Wholes'ome Scalp, pro-
duced by Coticuba Soap, the most effective
skin purifying and beautifying soap in the
world, as well as purest and sweetest, for -
toilet, bath, and nursery. The only preventive
of inflammation an"d cloggingof the I'ores.
c j Soa pis aold throughout the world. Potte« D«oo AMO
I Cheu. Corp.. Sole Propa., Boiton, U. 8. A.
I ga-"How to Purify and Beautify Iht Ekia, 8c»lp,
/ and Hair," mailed (ree.° • * • 0 '
DIDV UHMnDO Hchlne and aealy, Iniitantly
dADT nUlnlinO lit»ed by Cdticob* Rmidim,
All I n U l° Quick as an electric flash Collltu*
yU I Ul\ i Voltaic Electric Plasters relieve
■ sore lungs, weak backs, painful ~ ;
DIIIPI^T kidneys, aching muscles, uterine ■ |
UJU [\ I pains, and rhaumatisin. -
TOOK A NEW VOW
OF TEMPERANCE
Annual Ceremony of the
League of the Cross
at St. Mary's.
The Cathedral Filled to the
Doors With Young
Soldiers.
A Beautiful C»re;m©ny That Was
IJeautiful'.y and Impressively
Observed..'. : .
To the rattle of aiums, with flagswav
ing,, between a mass of humanity on the
right and left, laavlng a wide avenue for.
them, an army of young- men marched,
with soldierly precision up ihe broad
steps of St. Mary's Cathedral, thro.Tigh the
portals and were los.t to the view of the
throng outside. For none but wearers of
the badge of the League of the .Cross
might enter. , . ; V ." V.
For almost an hour they filed itr, keep
ing step to the tnrab of the drums, lower
ing the Hags as they pa«s"ed through' the
high archway, and being then niar-Shaled'
down the aisles to the right and the left,
ami then down the broad central aisle,
•the older members.in their neat uniforms—
: the cadets — beinj. grouped in. place's of
1 honoi, the still older members wearing
! their baoges,also grouped by themselves,
; and the juniors, the Ik tie fellows with
their high but impressionable spirits,
j' hieing also marshaled separately.
The body of the church being com
■ pletely filled, the inflowing tide of young;
men was turnecr at the outer doors into
the galleries until they were filled. There
it was then an immense cathedral filled,
, evary seat in it, with-young men reaay. to'
take the 03th of temperance. It was an
[ impressive spectacle 'in somber colors, for
there was not a woman within the walls.
Fvery entrance to rhe "Cathedral was be-
I sieged by friends of 'he ieague, hoping for
an opportunity to enter and witness the
benuti.ul ceremony, but so completely did I
the league itself occupy the space that the
doors had to be kept relentlessly closed
against them.
As the army of youths enter the male
J cnoir is chanting a hymn and the sonor
: ous tones of the organ subdue the rumble
i and throb of drums outside.
In tne center of the chancel and in irqnt
1 of the altar, which is already ablaze with.
! lights, the pulpit has been drawn and
• Father O'Ryan, spiritual director of the
: Jeague, ascends. The church is now li.lled,
the last recruit has been allotted bit place
in the throng and the music of the hymn
and the organ dies down.
At a sign from the priest the great an
! dience falls upon its knees and out of the
j silence that follows the rush of noise
I which the slight movement created it
, repeats the simple apostrophe, following
I upon its utterance by the priest.
Then the audience rises and, standing,
1 joins as an immense chorus in the sinking,
of the beautiful hymn, "Veni Creator."
They kneel again while the priest reads
the famous "prayer for the church and
civil authoritips" which has been handed
down from "Washington's lriend. Arch
bishop CarrolL
The prayer beine completed the audi
ence again rises to join in a short hymn.
Durinir the sing-ing Father O'Kyan leaves
the pulpit, and as the last notes are sung
j Archbishop Riordan ascends to his place
i and standing awaits the pilence thai falls
in the cnurcn instantly upon the audience
teinjr seated. The b shop's address to the
, boys of the league is snort but impressive,
: spoken as a faitaer to his children.
"My young friends," he said, '"to see
you here in such number* and for such a
; purpose — to renew the vows you have
taken in years past — is indeed a spectacle
; that must g.advien the hearts of all who
may be. fortunate enough to witness it.
Thatso.many 9tand ready to pledge them
i se-ves against that license to the appeti c
; that is so alluring, but that invites and
j leads only toward ruin, is a sight that is
\ very good to see.
"I need not, my dear boys, tell yon of
I the principles of this organization. You
■ are members of it and you know what is
! expected of you. You will teac-h with the
I eloquence of your example that tem
-1 perance is itßelf a redeemer from vice. 1
j need not tell you, for you hear it monthly
I at your meeting, thai intempernnce is
I among the most terrible of vices. W^re it
: dune away with it would banish nine
tenths of the evil of the world.
"It claims its victims from every walk
' of life, from high and low and from
I among the most brilliant minds of the
1 world, dragging them down to the lowest
I level. Sot that there is any great danger
I of youth in giving way to tin? vice, but
1 you must Know that we are all creatures
of babu, and once vice takes hold upon
us its hold is terrible.
"Suppose I i:ive you a piece of thread
I and ask you to break it. You do it with-
I out trouble. I tell you take another with
it. You find it more difficult. Andwben
I add one to another until you have ten
or twelve you lina that its strength is
g^reafr than yours. £0 it is with.'-'nbi.
\ou give way to temptation once, and
then again, and again, until it has a hold
upon you that is stronger than Is your
j power tt> resist.
"But with the yonug a great deal can
be done to meet and head off the monster.
I By association v7itb others who are fol
lowing the path of virtue they are
; strengthened; they emulate each other.
I Your association is a protest against the
j vice of intemperance. Of course, the
I church preacues constantly the necessity
j of temperance and calls upon i>s followers
I to waik in soberness, tha.. this tremendous
j evil may be uprooted. Your public
I demon-trat on is enough to get men to
I thinking that where so much is doi.e
I ag linst & special evil it is something 10 be
avoided. So, while you may individually
do little in the great work, you form a
mighty power when collected together.
"I: I were to suspend from the roof of
this cathedral a mass of iron and ask you
to move it by throwing a pellet of paper
j you might smile, but ii you attacked'it in a
body with a great number of pellets it
would, after a while, bepin to tremble and
move. So, united in your stana against
this tremendous pvil of intemperance you
cause it to tremble and shake from its
foundations.
"Now, my dear children, it is easy to
take a pledge once in a while. The trouble
is to keep it. Vice is constantly In your |
path with its temptations, ana it is well I
for us to gather together and renew the
pledge in this public manner once a year.
"You know what a banner is. It is the
j emblem of our ooun;ry. It is placed in
1 the hands of soldiers, who go forth to bat
jMe for their homes and country. So I
I would have you l>>ok upon your ting in
j the spirit of soldier-love and fidelity. If
I y>u maintain yourselves steadfast you
Will look back in your age with pleasure
to ti:ese meetings and will thank God that
he has preserved you from the evil of in
j temperance, and when, you come to die it
I will be us one of whom his country and his
church will be proud."-
The sermon beine finished the young
soldiers of .the League fell upon their
knees again ami the Bishop, began tlie j
••Prayer of Consecration"— "Come, O
Holy (r host, fill the hearts of thy faithful
people, enkindle in them the lice of thy
! love" — and so, with the responses that
', came back with a great volume of sound,
giving. tolcn of how every soul joined in it.
8 anding again, the great aruiy is called
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
upon to lift its right hand, and, following
the words as tuey are uttered by the
Bishop, take this solemn vow:
1 declare before Almighty God, and you,
most reverend father, and iv the presence of
this congregation, that I hereby solemnly re
new for the followiug year'the promise of tem
perance according to the rules of that branch
of the Lengue of the Cross of which 1 am a
member, and may God give me the grac.e to
keep this, niv pledge, in the name of the
Father, and of" the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
Amen.
Then they kneel again and continue the
prayer and its responses. . .
Then, tbe pulpit being pushed aside, re
vealing the broad altar, the beautiful cere
mony of the benediction of the moat holy
sacrament is performed to. set its seal upon
the vow.
Then the service is finished with the
Te Deum and the youihfdl army marches
out into the daylight again. The drums
beat, the flags are unfurled and the throng
of eager friends greet'thn soldiers in the
avenue;. They form in line battalion
front, and then swing into company front
and march in review before their com
mander, Colonel Suliivan, and his staff.
There were in the line exactly 2778 mem
bers of the league, of which number 700
wore cadets.
It was a beautiful ceremony altogether,
beautiiu'Jy observed.
ROW IN A SALOON.
I.oiiU -. ■raiiiiinii 1 , Ihi> Proprietor,
Knocked Down and Kicked
on the Viir-v
Louis Nevraumont, saloon-keeper at 117
Ninth street, was taken to the Receiving
Hospital early yesterday morning with
his lips cat and his face bruised.
Just as he was about to close up the
place two men entered and called for two
glasses of beer. They drank the beer and
while Nevraumont was turning off the uas
he was knocked down and kicked on the
face. He reported to the poiica that he
had been robbed of |60, but the money
was afterward found in a secret place
where his brother had put it after taking
it out of the till.
Thomas Burns was arrested on suspi
cion, but he gave a satisfactory explana
tion. Ue saiu he was standing In the
doorway between the grocery and the bar
w!ihi: a man rushed into the bur from the
N a torn a street entrance and struck Nevrau
tnont witii a pair of brass knuckles 'or
some other insirument, knocking him
down and then kicking him. The man
rushed out again before Burns could in
terfere.
There was an old warrant for the arrest
of Barns lor an assault with a deadly
weapon unon a. man named Higgins and
he was- booked on thai, charge.
AT THE PLAYHOUSES.
Tim >rmv Attraction* 1 hat Are Offered
by the Managers to the Public
• for' • o-^ ight.
At the Baldwin James A. Iterne will appear
in his tainous play of American horn» life,
"Shore Acrea" This play has been favorably
noticed, and as it is a good one it will mi-.
doubtedly draw another good house this even
ing and for the remainder ol the week.
The performance at the Columbia Theater
for this evening will be for the benefit of tfie
Protective Benevolent Order of Elks to enable
San'Franclsco Lodge to secure new quarters.
Fanny Rice will present "At the French Ball."
Between the acts there will be surprises fjr all.
' The management of the Grand Opera-house
will present to the patrons of that houscto
nijfht a sensational racing play, entitled "The
Pjrby Mascot. " .In this there are many ex
citing episodes and much thai goes to make a
play highly attractive.
A revival of "The Mikado" is what will be
offered at the Tivoli Opera-house tl.is evening.
The management announces thnt it will bo
put on with a very fine fetago effect ana that
the casting of the singers will bring out all
tne beauty of the lyric production.
"By Proxy" is what is billed at the Alcazar
tor this evening. It is by Chniles Klein, and
is said to be a brilliant play of tv » continents.
There are a great many good comedy situa
tions, which, in the hands of the prtsent com
pany, ought to make a hit.
Vaudeville still is the great drawing card at
the Orpheum. Many new faces and new acts
are billed for to-night. Among the oddities
that are on are the Waterbury brothers and
T>euny, who will show their skill in the music
line. * There are other attractions— many of
them.
There are many attractions promised at the
Chutes for this evening, providing the weather
holds fair. A number of outdoor perform
ances will prove interesting and will iurnUh
amusement to those who will go there.
The international tug-of-war will continue
at the Mechanics/ Pavilion to-night, and those
who are fond of watching men strain them
selves on -a rope iv a Btruggle for supremacy
will have an opportunity- to witness some
first-class tugging.
There is not to be any.periormance at the
California Theater to-night, nor will there be
any until the French operatic organisation
will open there on the evening of the 10th
inst. with "II Ti-ovatore." This will tie fol
lowed by other well-known operas.
XO CCK£ A COLD IN ON'B DAY. !
Take lnyative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug-
KUts refund the money ait UiU to cure. Zoc j
Over Twenty -two Hundred Members of the League of the Cross,
Completely Filling. St. Mary's. Cathedral,. Renewing Their
Pledges of Tern perance in the Presence of Archbishop Riordan.
AN ORPHAN HOME
DOUBLY BLESSED
Yesterday by Bishop
Nichols.
A Samaritan Mission Adjoining
a Res dence ior Parent
less Boys.
Dedicatory Services Participated In
by Clergy and the V.sted
Orphan Choir.
Yesterday witnessed tho accomplish
ment by Episcopalian church folk oi this
City of two worthy Christian undertak
ings, tbe useful results of which are de-
tined to be farther reaching than the
limits of the one sect. The new Good
Samaritan Missfon wfth its read ins-room,
billiard-room, gymnasium and chapel was
dedicated in tbe lore;;oon by the JBishon
of California, assi>ted by several clergy
men ; and th.c city banch Arrmiiage
Cnurch Orphanage and Orphan Home,
next door to the mission, near Second
i and Folsom streets, was formally
blessed by Bishop Nichols in the
afternoon, and with appropriate speeches
by his clerical associates in the charitable
work, was dedicated as a refuge and home
for parentiess little boys.
These two institutions, side by side, are
iniended to be practically one to the |
orphans, eighty of whom have been trans- I
ferred thither from the original home at i
San Mateo, where accommodations were
not sufficient to the needs of the ever in
creasing family of children, and where
very recently 100 of the litlle inmates
were down with the measles at one time,
causing puch an additional drain upon
the. limited funds that it became almost
imperative, us well as advantageous, to
establish a branch home here. and come
within the immediate reach of kindly in
terested persons and of bequests to City
charitable organizations.
The Qood Samaritan Mission, intended I
as a irce meeiing-piace tor men, as a .•■ort
of clubhouse and recreation -rooms lor re
spectable waee-earners, was opened with
religious ceremonies. At 7:30 a. m. the
holy eucharist was celebrated in the
pretty chapel on. the second floor, and
again at 10:45 A. M.
Bishop Nichols conducted the service.
Rev. E. J. Lyon ot St. Stephen's Church
spoke ironi the text, "And a Uood Samar
itan Went That Way," and. Rev. W. jL
Km read ihe morning prayer.
A vested choir composed of thirty little'
boys. from the orphanage and of twenty
little girls in the uniform of the Maria
Kip Orphanage whs an especially sitnili-'
cant anii picturesque feature of the first
religious ceremonies performed at the
new mission building. A well-arranged
musical programme, prepared by Miss
Brown, tbe organiat, was also an agree
able addition to the spirit of the occasion.
In the evening at 7:45 o'clock services |
were conducted by Rev. W. I. Kip, who
has charge oi the mission.
The dedication of the orphanace was
simple and couched in kindly phrases
NEW TO-DAY.
-^jSjrT DON'T
/JsQ*Ki *■' f t WHEN YOU FIND YOUR NERVES
/jn^^o'^fl^fcßii ■'-- "' getting shaky: when your amb.tion is
/ZJBf\^*O \ l^^^^mk^lhl lii I » slipping away ana your energy is nearly
Ismail f\ WKBBxxmwWM fill i / . exhausted; when you .lose your appetite
\Wu_jnmimZVminmMVvM ns tli I 1 1 1' ' -.- and have; no interest in the- things that
-^^Mfiß B&Hw^^^aJ I.lii are - oln ß on around you; when you have
' BetJi^^Sk 'ii i t0 resort to stimulants to steady your '
: |i^^S r' ||!i nerves; when the bright sparkle is gjone
-l-u '^samSiS^Ks^Zi^mP^J^kJ from your eye and the elastic step gives
— -wwii iiiMi.iif gEa^4f?Hfc%aa!E? ■ Wav "o a slow; dragging walk ; when you
■ J^ l i!l|^!''^^g^S^ be^'in 10 feel. old before your prirr.e, it is
inii'iiiiMiiiifiPnw^fii'il'^P^v^a^^ff tlie;i time lor you IO stop and look back
[l)l!llliBlllllllllr^llllll4P^^aJTi&yyM ; "Pon your past life. You will th-n realize
nliii' M iiiildfilii'-'^ /f//t/Z?Sm\- vf 'Tm' the extent of your weakness. Wnen you
B "■ •" iflX A "^^Sf^rHfx : k recall; the early: follies and, indiscretions, 1
n| 'IjD.W \^^?vSljS3L the Iflter excesses and dissipat or the
____^i_SL" . v "' y^L ■ overwork ana strain that your system has
■■•■■•■•■ ;'■-. ■>*..■ :V i . -.'.'"■.■•- "^"* ■ undergone; when yotl recall the sleepless
nishts, the evil dreams, night sweats, drains nna losses • that your ; system has sus-
tained, ynn will not wonder that Nature is exhausted and that you are a nervous
wreck. When yuu come o a full realization of your condition it will then be time
for you to look seriously toward your iuiure. ' V- , -
■ : YOU C4LCT X 133 : OUHED; :':"."'
You need the toning and invigorating effects of a gentle current of eiectriclty to penetrate
your weakened r.erves and to add strength and vigor to your weakened organs. ;> . :
::,.[ X>n. »^Li\rX3£33XT'» £!IIjX:OTIi.ZO BXIIjT
Has a wonderful reputation for building up shattered nerves and restoring vigorous, energetic
manhood. .Hh magnetic touch and its vitalizing currents bring life and c ergy to the tired
nerves. It quickens the action of the vital organs. and sends the blood bounding through the
veins. There's a touch of magnetism in the manly -. grasp of the man who has regained his
strength by means of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Do you want to be strong and manly? Then
call and consult the Doctor an* see and test this wonderful appliance. If jou Cannot call
write for Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of Men." It is mailed, sealed, free to any;
addreßs.,-Itmayibethe opfning a new life to you. Act 10-day. Call or address ■ • -
SAKTUBar BL.ECTRIO CO..
, 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, 5 SAN FRANCISCO.
-. Office hours— A. M. to BP. M. ; Sundays, 10' to L. Los Ani;ele« Office 204 Bouth Broad,
■way; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth *tr««b * n : : '.
tmih.—iitJf no misi»kmu LujuDer— Maries »ue»fc^v:4 ■ - ; - '
sugcpstiveof the object of the institution —
a loving care of young boys who other
wise might be wanderers and outcasts
upon the City streets a fere'y to vice and
depravity, and" lit subjects, perhaps, in the
future /or expensive prosecution'und re
straint by the State as criminals. The ex
ercises lasting .during the latter pait of
the afternoon were participated in t by
Bisnop Nichols., Rev. William Brewer of
San Mateo, Uev. W. I. Kip, Rev: Hobart
Chet.wood and a vested! choir of twelye
orphan boys.
Among the spectators that filled, the
sugcpstiveof the object of the institution —
• a loving care of young boys who other
wise might be wanderers and outcasts
upon the City streets a fare'y to vice and
depravity, and" lit subjects, perhaps, in the
future /or expensive prosecution'und re
straint by the State as criminals. The ex
ercises lasting -during the latter pait of
the afternoon were participated in t by
Bisnop Nichols,, Rev. William Brewer of
San Mateo, Uev. W. I. Kip, Rev: Hobart
Chei.wood and a vested! choir of twelye
orphan boys.
Among tha spectators that filled, the
two parlors of the orphanage was a.num
ber of pprsons who take a special interest
in the work of the orphanage.-.
- During his benediction on tbe orphan
age the Bishop said:
"Increase the knowledge and confirm
the fuith in a:l connected with this insti
tution established in thy name and for
thy glory. B ess all the children of the
orphanage and grant that as they grow in
age they may grow in grace. Lead them
in the knowledge and obedience of thy
holy word. Make them dutiful, pure,
truthful and devout. Defend them from
tempt.. tion and from sickness. Grant that
they may he here fitted for good citizen
ship and so faithfully serve thee in those
Btations of life to which it shall please
tiii-e to call them that they fail not to at
tain thy heavenly promises.
"Send down thy Llessings, we beseech
tbee, upon our friends and benefactors,
and so add to their number that the good
designs in this work may be sufficiently
carried into effect."
In his subsequent remark- Bishop
Nichols said: 'i believe that when th»
church and the City wakes up to these
two institution 1 ' they wiil be a constant
pride; indeed they are now a pride. We
see, it seems tome, in these two institu
tions, the Good Samaritan Mission and
the orphanage, the work of God in placing
them side by siae, an exemplification of
what may come from simple and ever
cherished faith in a cau-e to be accom
plished, though its beginning be small in
deed.
"It is a reward of faith. Can there be
anyth:nL» better to inspire future hopes in
such works than just 10 read the record of
the growth of these two institutions from
a little seed of faith planted years ago?"
Rev. W. I. Kip addressed the. boys in
terras of religious and paternal advice
calculated to inculcate studious, manly
and Christian principles. Rev. VViliiam
Brewer followed with some suggestions of
the benefits of the orphanage work looked
at from the point of municipal economy
and at love, a.nd told the boys that he
hoped the time would come when they as
business men imp tit look back and help to
make it possible for other p.arentl.as in
fants to be reared and schooled as they
had been. «
SOUSA PLAYED A PAREWELL.
The March King and His Famous Band'
Give a Final Performance Here.
Sousa, the march kin™, and liis band of
sixty pieces guve a farewell San Francisco
concert last night at the California The
ater. It was the last of seven perform
ances during a four days' engagement
heie.
A farewell matineo was also given and
dr^w a good audience.
The programme for the evening' was
particularly well rendered and was well
received, the delicately preserved har
mony of' the numerous instruments being
a noticeable indication of the adaptability
of band music to a limited auditorium
when under the skillful leadership of such
a man as Sousa. The numbers were as
they follow:
Overture, "William Tell' (Rossini); Second
Hungarian Rhapsody (Liszt); trombone solo,
"Air and Vttriaiions" (Pryor), Arthur Pryor;
Miiie, "The Last Days at Pompeii" (Sousa)— (a)
"In ihe House of Burbo": (61 "Nj-dia"; (c)
"Destruction of Pompeii and Death of Nydia";
"Valse Caprice" (Rubinstein); soprano solo,
"Nymphs et Faure" (Bernberg), Elizabeth
Ni-rthrop; (a) Bed chorus, "l Pag.mcci" (Leon
cavallo); (ft) March from "El Capitan" (Sousa);
violin solo. "A Hungarian Idol (Keler-Belaj,
Martina Jotins tone; introduction to the third
act of ".Lohengrin" (Wagner).
SAINT PATRICK'S
ORATOR SELECTED
The Convention of Patriotic
Irishmen in Session
Yesterday.
John J. Barrett Has Eeen Chosen
to Speak of Ireland's Pa
tron Saint.
Many Organizations Unite to Mak;
the Celebration on the Seven
teenth a Success.
There was an enthusiastic session of the
St.' Patrick's Day Convention at K. R. 13.
hall yesterday afternoon. The attend
ance was larger than usual and arrange
ments were completed for a grand cele
bration of the day.
The committee on literary exercises re
ported that John J. Barrett had been se
cured as orator of the day and M. E.
O'Connor as poet.
The committee on music reported that
it had selected Professor McKenzie to
drill the chorus of 500 voices-
Delegates were present from the follow
ing bodies: Youths' Directory, St. Jo
seph's Union, St. Patrick's Mutual Alli
ance, Knights of St. Patrick-, County
Tyrone Society, Knights of Tara. the
Gaelic Literary Club and the Celtic Union.
Every organization took a number of tick
ets for the literary performance at ibe
Temple and for the ball at; the Pavilion.
More than" two thousand tickets were
taken away for sale.
The committee on the prizefight failed
to present resolutions denouncing it as a
desecration of St. Patrick's day and asked
fer further time.
The committee of arrangements will
meet at 120 Ninth street to-morrow night
to perfect arrangements for the celebra
tion.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
J. C. Nealon and- R. Linehan I>efeat
T. F. Bonnet and 31. J.
Kllgallon.
The San Francisco Handball Court was
crowded yesterday, and the games played
were more than usually attractive. The
principal event was a game in which J. C.
Kealon and R. Linehan, the overhand
swipor, played against T. F. Bonnet and
51. J. Kilgallon. It was characterized
throughout by brilliant rallies and sp.en
did service. The first game was won by
Bonnet and Kilgallon,- bat Nealmi and
Linehan scored the next three.
George McDonald and Phil Ryan fell
easy victims 10 R. Shea and M. McNeil,
much 10 the surprise of the spectators. It
was expected tnat the game would be
close and exciting, but it was a very tame
affair.
There were no can.es at the Union
Court owing to the uncertain weather.
following were the games played in the
San Francisco court.
R. Shea and M. McNeil defeated G. McDon
ald ana P. Ryan, 21—19, 10—21, 21—16, 21—8.
J. O'Nell and C. bwuency defeated J. Sullivan
and D. Carroll. 21— IS, 9—21, 21—18. R.
Downs ar»U T. Foley defeated \V. Kirby and If.
Ba.-sch, 21-10. 13-21, 21-7. D Prlngie and
J. Sinitn defeated t. Reldy and D. O'Brien, 21
—6, 13—21, 21—11. J. White and W. Hamil
ton df lea ted K. Curley and M. McLaughlln, 21
—16, 9—21, 21—14. M. McClure and W. Ham
ilton played E. Curley and M. McL^ughlin,
end each side won a g«me. Ed T..y and J.
Feeuey defeated Ai Pennoyerand Ed Malonev,
21—10, 16-21. 21—7. J. C. Kealon aad R.
Linehan defeated M. J. Kil«allon and T. F.
Bonnet, 16—21, 21—12, 21—18. 21—9.
HIS BONDSMEN AFRAID.
James O'Connell, Charged With Felon-
lons Assault, Attempt* buiclde.
James O'Connel), an inmate of St.
Joseph's Home for the Incurables, at
tempted to commit suicide in a pond near
the water works in Go. den Gate Park Sat
urday mgtit.
He* was fished out and taken to the
branch hospital in the park. Later he was
sent to the Receiving Hospital.
O'Connell was arrested ten days ago
for felonious assault upon Gus3ie Arnold,
a young *iri. He was released on bond
and his case is still pending. His bonds
men, learning of his attempt 10 commit
suicide, and, thinking tie might make an
other nttempt, surrendered him yesterday
morning and he was locked up in the City
Prison.
SEW TO-DAY. •■• *
There are lots of peopk
who have not .tasted Schil-
lings Best tea yet.
. . What don't you want
good tea or doesn't your
grocer want to sell it to you ?
• Why? /, : Jill;
Your money baclc— -at
your grocers' — if you don't
like Schilling's Best tea.
A Schilling. & Company .
' San Francisco, • 000
NOTARY PUBLIC.
r<HARLES ; H. PHILLIPS.' ATTORNEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Mar st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence W'iii
Veil street. Telephone Pine " 2591. ■
" MEW TO-DAT— JLMUSEMEirrji.
TIVOLI l OPERA-HOUSE
iiK»JvK.s nstix.k Kbkt.'v ». Proprietor Manager
THE GILBERT AND (SULLIVAN" ' SKABON!
-T O-NTQHT! — —
. Their Original Japanese Opera, ..  .
&£
■ I.
&
JESb
3D
O
Great Cast! ' Correct Costumes!
-"_ .-■ Beautiful Scenery 1* .'
N NEXT WJCKK^iOI.ANTHB.'C^
Popular Prices — — 25c and sOc
-' .•O'Jarrell sin-e:, near biockiou. 1 *
Ban Francisco' m ? Family • Concert ' Hall.
i Week'of Blonday, March i;
The Best Varied and Breeziest Muslc&l Bill Ever
- Offered in th* City. « Hear the Keallsttc v
INDIAN WAR OANCK
BY THE VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
49-Grand Concert Kvery Evening at M o'clock.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE V PBOOKAUHK.
; Grand Concert Kvery Sunday Afternoon.
I General Aduiiasion, ■" lOo; Children, ' sc.
KEW TO-DAY. '••■-,-,
. PROFESSOR J. M. MI'XYOX.
"Ktiiney disease is probably tho most
fatal of all human aiJments," says Prof.
Munyon. "There is no disease that re-
quires more careful attention. The fol-
lowing are the principal symptoms: Pain
in the back, loins or proms, drowsiness,
dark circle* around tho eve?, swelling of
| the feet and limbs, puffy, flabby face,
headache, blurred eyesight, swelling un-
der the eyes, bad taste in the mouth,
rough, dry skin, nervousness, sleepless-
ness, languid, worn-out feeling, loss of
Mesh and strength, scanty ur.n", dark-
colored, milky or bloody urine, deposits
of red sand, gravel or mucus i:i the urine,
frequent desire to puss water and too great
a flow. I will guarantee that my. Kidney
Cure will cure 95 per cent of all forms of
kidney disease. When 'he di ease is far
advanced and there are other complica-
tions, the patient had better send a four-
ounce vial of their urine, with full symp-
toms. We will then make a careful anal-
ysis of the 'water, : and advue the best
course to pursue to get well, absolutely
free of charge."
Pro*. Munyon puts up a separate cure
for each disease. At all druggists, mostly
25 gents a vial.
. Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free mediral' advice fnr any disease.
JfEW TO-D AMUSEMENTS.'
BALDWIN THEATER.
alHayman iSCo. (Incorporated). i'rjp.\i?.j:i
A WITH * SUCCESS
WELL MERITED * J -^ W *-* *^ ***
CKOWDED HOUSES
. Attest the Popularity of'
JAMES A. HERNE
In His Own Beautiful Play, ,
SHORE ACRES
-. : .ONLY TWO WEEKS MOKE.
AT THE Sale of Seaoon Keats for the
IL'(U>\M OUAM> OPEKA StASUN
l.iLlf Ull.lLl ■ commences W>d . March 3.
TfIItDLAnaiJICOTTLOD a>- A.TD'n*j«ftMi
THIS I DON'T .
I£-^ — ■ I YOU KNOW
" ■ rii ■ Second anti Lust Weak of
— 3B» a. kt TO" -ST DR.IO3ES—
To-night, Tuesday and Wednesday,
"AT THE FRENCH BiLL "
• ■- - ■ - __ — :-■;■• :.
Thursday, Friday, ' Saturday, Sunday,
and Saturday inet>,
</,■- '• FIB9T TIME HERE r~. „ -'£
'"". The' Latest 1 oma'ntlc Mirs Comedy,
"A FLOWER GIKL OF PARIS"
Beautiful New CostnniPS and Huperb Cast.
MONDAY, 3I*RCH 8,
JOSEPH HAWORTH-MARdAREr CRAVEN
And a Powerful (."as", in a <;reat louble Ril',
"A MAN OK THE dRLD" anil Magnlrhent
Production of "BUY Bj.AS."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAi.UK MOROSCO... Lease* and .'Ua>;j:
THIS EVENING AT 8.
INITIAL PRODUCTION IN SAN FRANCISCO
Ol the Kacing Conucty Drama,
THE DERBY MASCOT!
REAL RACEHORSKS!
REAL JUCKKY*! °
KKAL BLACK PICKANINNIESI
Songs, Dances and Specialties
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
Slatiiittna Saturclny ami >nmli»r.
A MASS OF MIKI'H AND MUSIC! '
WATERBURY BROTHERS and TE.NSY. Mu"-
sicnl Comedians. BI'DI.KY PRKSCOIT, the
"Human Brass Bund. ' BARNEY FA AN and
HKNtIETTA B\ RON, i-arce Comediaus.
TheFINNKYS. Champion swimmers. HAYKB,
LYTTON & HAYcc, In -The TAlkattve^Man. 11 .
(jreat Lyric star?, (m-ii.i.k, abrahoff, Napo-
-I.KONI and Miss C'ottk, eto
Reserved seas. HACi £alcony, 10c; opera-cbairi
•ml boz-seais, 50c. ' . ______^_____
A I PA7AD I TO-NIQHTI
First Time In This city of the Brilliant Comedy,
"BY PROXY!"
By < harles Klein sq.
A Record- Breaker of Long ' Ru- in the Ea3t !
A Grear Cast— George usuourne. Hueo Toland,
Adele Belgnrde, May Buckley. Char Wyngate,
Fiance* Jolllff--. Krancln Power.?, Kittle Belmour,
Gordon i'osier, Frunk Clayton, Charles Bry«ni
John Armstrong. •■ »■.
Our Regular Prices ! Telephone for seats Blacic99l
BUSH-ST. THEATER.
Uko. E. Cbater Jb. T. Lessee and Mana*er
Week Beginning Monday, March 1.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES
. THE ASTERN aCCOKSS,
SI PERKINS.
A Perfect P.cture of Old_ Friends Down East..
Bargain Prices- 10c, 20c and 30c.
Next \Veelc-MX)NTE CRISTU, with Miss Essie
Titteli in the cast and a powerful company.
INTERNATIONAL
Ttjls -of - \Wa,ir
.'■' 'iOURN-vMBNT
Mechanics' Pavilion. February 27 to March 9.
10 NAIIONS CONTESTING.
United States, Canada, Ireland,
Germany. Sweden, France,
Norway, "Italy, Denmark,
■ * , Scotland.-
All the Teams Will Pull Each Night.
Adml-slon, 50c. Season Tickets. »3.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(NGLESIDE TRACKi.
The only I'erieot Winter, RaceiraCi :u» A merle*.
RACHG R.UI\G
Kaclng From Monday, Feb. 'i '4, to Satur-
day, Murch 6, Inclusive. •
Five or More Races Daily, Kain or Shins.
" "KIKST HACK'AT 3 P.M.
Take Southern*^ Pacific '- trains at Thirl .ni
Townseud sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 r. x. --
Fare for Round Trip, inuludinj; Ai>
mission to Urounds. *1.0 .
'J att> ilis>ion-3i electric line direct to tracs.
The Moet <ft Chanclon White Seal Stakes - Mon-
day. Kebrua-y 2*J.', %•.'* -- . - ■-•'•';• •".■ ■
The .-chreiber Slakes Saturday, February 27.
The Crocker makes Saturday. March ti. .
,*••<>*<, . . A. B. >l'KKi.:Kfc.L.s,
. W. 8. Leaks, secretary. '. ■' ■/ ■,-<_ -■;-■■-•..
THE CHJJTES.
EVERY^AFTEBNOON" AND "EVENING.
BUSCH.theGolde.i Vamolre: BRESIXO. Wire,
r->^ . Waiker. the A.MMATOSi and
The WondTfal Three-Legged Horu,
'ADMISSION, 10c. "CHILDKKN^Sc.
78
ARE UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
' • retirement on February 13 of Captain
. = Thomas G. Lambert from active work in the
Monterey 0 Lpdge-of Free and Accepted Masons
' is an event in the "annals of Freemasonry, in
\ Monterey Copnty; for Captain Lambert is not
S only one of. the best fcnowu and most promi
nent Masons o« this coast; but has held" the
office of worshipful master of" the Monterey
Lodge for eighteen year*. Recent "ill health
nnd his advanced age are reasons for the
step he has just taken. ?•••*.
, Thomas ton Lambert was born in Dukes
County, Mass., January 10, -IS2G." Atanesriv
• age his fondness for all thine* maritime be-
J -came evident and this preference led him to follow
the sea as a profession. He encaged in the whal
lne industry, cruising in Hie North Atlantic Ocean,
but in 1847 he came to California In the American
whale ship Jpb.n Cogswell, which he commanded.
He was oo this 'coast ciurlnc; all Vhe stirring times
. which succeeded Sloal's and remont's occupation
eofc of California, and parsed- through many exciting
experiences as a whaling captain 4u I'ac.flc waters
uitll 1869, : wijen'he settled in Monterey, where he
has lived from "time to time since 1865 and en
°l '■ gaged In the lumber and milling business, "Oneof
the notable event's of this period of seafaring
was in 1867. when the whale brig Francis which
; he commandpft'was'wrecked off the coast of Mcx
"" ! Ico-and the.ofliders and men barely escaped with
"their lives, o _ ••
! .„' Captain ian'ib'ert joined Pan Diego' Lodge iSo.
° 35 of F. ana A.M. In 18(3*. and this marks the
entry upon his Masonic career in California.
..•Later he b-ctime^a mernb r of Salinas Cbapte'r No.
. 19. and therein 1883 he tooic the Royal Arcn de
• ..-{tree. o .ln 1883 also he bee. ime a Tempiar
c "". in the WalsonvHle Commandery No. 22. Befjre
»■ this, however.- in June. 187 L/ he had been In
;• .stalled" as the Jtlrsi Worshipful master of Lodge No.
.'; '217; wntcn had- jus: been, -organized In Monterey,
and he has HilcU this offiCe far eijtnteen terms,
; - .' •t|iough"n6. consecutively, = He' was president of
• .:.•!• Masonrc Veterans' Association of the Pacific
■". • Coast- it] 189l'-and 18R2. *nd h«s answered to his
*.* ■ nameup.oti the ro.leail of Che; Biul; Lodge_of t'.
..'■.■.and A.M. fur tweti y-slx consecut veyear«i. Since
' .nba'nUonrng his' w-hKlins crulaes 'in 1869 Cap. aln
i .Lambert has aevote'd.hlmse'tf entirely to business^
..-.'and 'ine- furtherance of Masonry, iri the county ana"
' particularly' o °in the town of Monterey. and his
■.■.'•° l.r.uiher Slasoiis wre thoroughly <»[>prtciaiiTe of his,
"'■ eartfes't efforts alopg this iine. He figured proini
.'. ° neml>: in tlie ceremony of -layins the corner siou.e
'; .of t,he-Vtoae monument th.'ere last 1 July;i>y the
... Uralia .Lodge of Masons of California and aided .
s'V t_r>-»llv toward the-success of tf)is event. S ' .
■ ■" The captain at 11 and stalwart tnaß, looking
. fifteen" years younger'th**!- h-'. actua^lv is.-ae*pite
• -".Iru r«-ct-nt 'p'or.hjeallh. arid "b««ltig ft fluen; in
■ • TerestiJiic taiket.-is "■much ••sought «Her by ail who
' "kii'ow' him. ri^ aiia Mrs. Lamiert have;actiaruj
-*•- -iniclr ' home, -all cpvfrerd'with vines and
'.' •' flowers, aicha upper' .of A!varado-str et. and
•'■ 'In it lb«y e'njq. tire dnietudewhicb comes to them
•■■■" as a til. sequence to a busy life. ■ '.
•■ •' • ".; o -P«st Mailer* 1 Aftftociation. "" .«
• •' •'• At tKe in'nual'mee'fingbf the -Past Masters' As
" • sociatlpn held on Saturday nigh' In Masonic
y% ' 'Jerupte. the' fallowing named were*lectea fortbe
• en-utngierdi : 0 J. J. Sto.fen. of .Excels'or. presi
•" -dent': W. \\ . o Mrore of- -M ssion, fl-rst. viCe-Dresl
-. dent:! . F. .Dunand of DoVic. second vice-presi
" denr; Janirs Patterson of.uolden (Sate/ treasurer
"(twelfth t<>nn); L. ( cniimacher of Hermann, sec
retary (fourtVenth term): Charles H. liryan of
'.• i.xie s'or. marshal (flf.eemb term); . David •M.
lU< l>»rc:s V-f >i'<Junt -Morlah, tllep. A,' ter the c!psa |
of biisinrss-ihß. . ntiihig.piesidejt \V Flimer of j
Kine Soljmo<i* was i he r. cipient, of a handsome
r- cjinjii'g chafr. ' 1 followed- a. Danquet n:;d' a
° pleahaut time was had.' "
°' S , . ', •. o O'rdrt 1 K 'stern Star. //"
° "••c Mission" Chip. . r had several initrations iMt
° Saturday, The committee In chi.rge.of thema;ier
has completed' *ll the arrfiiigeruent.f for' the firs:
c .°fntrFta|nm.ent of thischap'er ib be given in Mis
• sion Music Hall.io-morrow'nigtit, " ■-,
' . i«rita Chapti-'r of ° Alameda will celetrat* its
/ '.fifth anniversary oa fhe lifth inst. . . .
ft Next l°'hursday. night Golden-Uale "Chapter' will
initiate thr : e candidates. ••• ..; '.':.•"''
. ".} Uakleaf Chapter of ' Oakland, : one of the most
progressive and active in the Mate, at its meetin ■
la t 'lhnrada.' had an attendance, of more tban
•-(Jo, w'..i) witnessed the conferrin'.- of- the degrees
upon ten canJidatesa The va entlj'.e eatt rtaiti
meu recCent)y gfven by this hapier was so pleas
-- am that ii h«a i>eena-ited to i=epe»t H. The ma - '
ter hu» been r-^'erred to d coniref itt -c to deit-rmine
»\ hetiier toert- si.all be *. repetition or whether a
.Lew programme s.nall be «iven. o ° '■ :
; Sliver f»pra°y Cnapiei will, . o.n the 22d of April,
• „• observe It- secoiid anniversary i.i a mannei b:
fl ingthe cccas.ori. ° . " •• o ° •
c I-urin;: the pi si weoK tne foilow.nz named we.f;
among . he 'visitors 10 the office of the grand secre
' 'utry: Mrs. Luc, Burkei, past 'lua'.ron Of San Jose
'l'hapier: o Mrs. A. K. F.one.i , pa«i nia.ron cf SJver
sta h:ii> erof Vallejo; Mrs. Ade.Clemeiis-of.Vr
i Inia C.ty «nd Mrs. M. A. Pi *rjte, wor. hy matron
" of > a^ -eatf Cnap.er of wak-l«nd. . ' * „"
Tue valenti c reception nven recently br Fal
leri = i.eaf Chapter o. I'lacervi le In iheMasmic
Templt- tliere was one of the most hrll iani sxiai
. tvfents ever bHd.ln that t-ow' ii. ITiieaeslgiis f, r the
decorations <'f tiie ha I, specially prepar d for the
■■ (hapier b/ Miss Lv v i. Weath«rwax, were novel i
• 'and beautifu Ther" wai an interesting pro
gramme of living pictures presented In a manner i
■ j showins a careful study of details,' and then fnl
lowe.l the jresentatipii ot a two-act tarc^, en.i'led 1
"A Perplexing Situation." After tne eniextain- i
ment there was a dance, which was kep. up until
a-late hour. . • ;•• " ; •
°,;° ."Ancie.nt Order United Wcrrkinen.
--'. Tbe cranimrdical examiner bad -received up to j
' the close of business on the 26th Inst. forthe month '
of February , o'2o pplicai-luns- .„ ... ' • '
•° On Thursday evening. Grand Master Workimn
and Gr'a d Reco der "Hirshberg vls'ted -Burns
. Lodge, on which occasion there was'-a large at
tendance" pfeseni undone of ihe old time gather
oines of ifils lodg« look p!*ce.. o ° ' ' ' -"
>'ex°t.Weapesday evening Sam "Booth, grand re- i
celver, will deliver a lecture eiitiiiea "My Trip to I
o J-.urope aii'l NViiat 1 Saw on the'Wny." The lee- '
:ure will oe ii:ustraie<l by 'ster-eopucun views- and '
° wili^be un».er tlie au>piies o't Kxcelslor Lodge, No.
° I'i6, at Kxce sior Mai. o ••. ■• ' •
5 ° i<ep'u J- t»r<iiid Master Workman- Frank S. Po
land v-lfi.ed. Colusa Lodge Ijut Tuesday evening
vi.d i-on.eir a* the '>\ or.m.-n degree upon sixteen
applicants, .-he Colusa &un -in refeirijig to ih»
inat.ersad "U as a red-leiter day for the A. ...
o V. W. of • col usa agd vicinity. ' Af.er the lodge
meeiln^c closeJ a banquet was held at the Colum
Bouse, when L. 1. hickok act<d is tOMstmaiter. |
'1 he iOlOivlug responses were made: "OnrUuests," I
0. i:ouiti.son. "A. «>. U. \V.," K. s. Poland, v. G.,
M.: ".Meridian." Messrs. \ a c. and Ueaty: "Butte
Ci:y," L. P. spencer; "Williams " R. F. Welch:
"Arbuck)e/'O. G. .^tinson; "i olusa No. 66." Moses
stinchn'el.d: "O-gree or Honor.' Mrs. Kate M.
Poland:* "Peerless '.Vo. 4 ,-" : Miv. J. S kVest;
"The Ladies," IC. ae M. 'Maurice. "Life "lnsurance
an l idividual Duty and Public Benen:," ur. J. 'ti. I
° Wist: "Fraternity," ' K-v. M. G. imniey, At II
o'cloclc the coinpany^dispersed, ail feelin^tbat the
evening had oe n p.easamly and proritaaiy spent
i-!il vmi long be rememberei. " . *. ' '
i here were a number of visitors fiom all the
lodges of the district, which embraces ArUuckle. '
Co leee City. Williams and Maxw-11. Butte City
furnished a large- delegation and Meridian was
well represented.
Lkstp Monday evening Union Lodge of Sncra
m»nt > field n«rand meetinic at'which 15i» mein
beri were present. .drand Guide \V a H Evans of
Mouruvla w»g In attendance and speeches were
made by°Special Uej/Uty P. A. A-cPberson, C. W.
Baker, C. M. Harrison i»nd others. Mxty-flve
naniPK ot e'igible candidates were receiv-d" and it
is confidently expected rhat there will be a boom
in woricmanshiD In Sacramento immediately.
The i'acilic Drill lenm has conferred the'Worfc
maii decree on 250. canHidiiteq, To-morrow the
1. am wMgive an enlVrtainnient and social dance
»t the JSaaftonicTeniple/ Uakiand.
Oak Leaf Lodge No. 35 has appointed* com
mittee to secure attendance of absentee* ana to
provide entertainment for lodge meetings.
Giand Master Workman Vinier visited San
. Kafael Lodge on Tuesday evening. ' On Wednes
dny evenine the grand master workman and tne
grand record' r, accompanied by C. h. HniweU,
li. L>.. anJ Jv J. Fcnnon, visited Upchurch Lodge,
hi which lime a pieasant and agreeable session
was h> Id.
in accordance with the announcement heretofore
made. Pacific Drill Team proceeded to Alvarado
on t riday evening last anu conferred the Work
mr.n decree upon twelve candidates.
■ On s-aturday evening. March 6. Deputy Grand
Master Workman Poland and the grand recorder
will visit ione Vailer Lodge at lone, Amador
Connty, when ihe degree will be confeir.-d on a
cl.is< of four C iiidiciai«.«.
frolano i.od^e will hold an enter- alnment on
Saturday evening. M«rch 20, when addresses will
be d livered by the giaud recorder and grand
masier workman. . ■?-■■-, ■- \
Tire Di-jree <>r Honor.
The drill team of Ivy Lodge is preparing to In
itiate candidates at. Its meeting next Wednesday.
Last Wednesday the lodge had a pleasant meeting
miicl anexcell n. programme wai presented for the
entertainmtnl of thos; present. There was instru
mental music < n the piano by Lilly Gre«-nb%um;
recitation by Miss Josie Butler: sp» clalty by Archie
'', FINANCIAL. . •
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND:NEW YORK STOCKS.
••• WtiEELOCK & CO.. '
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel.' Mala 1954.
c' cBMfSAi, OJTICK' , ■
62b Jdarket St., Palace Hotel. Pur ty & Atkinson -
■ Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin llottl (adjoloincOrlll
•. Koom). Tel. Main I^9l.
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders mgjantly executed on latest market qno-
utlona. Keference lit National Bank. H. F.
CaiCAtiO. VX.IV AXW WUtUi _ £iJ£ W YORK.
Donaldson; singing and dancliipr by Nellie and
Klonsie Isaac* and selections on the mandolin by
B. Lissner.
During the month of January 'wenty-three can
didates were initiated In tne order, . -
Martha Wnshing-on Lodge of FresDO inltifcted
twelve candidates la-t Monday.
Mrs. hrank' -. Polnnd. grand recorder, visited Co
lusa last Tuesday, where she was most cordially
welcomed by the members of Peerless Lodge. Sh«
wa» « ouduc ied to the lodge room where .the wurx
was exemp Hied by her, atid she gave the lodge
some very valuable information wmch will serve
to guide it in the future. _ ■
The Gu»raTitee Fund.
One assessment has bren levied- for the month
of March by the . Workman's >.iiHrnn;<-e Fund.
This will be delinquent on the 28th mat. ■
Nutlvti Son. of the OoTden West. -
The grand serr.-tary hns notified the subordinate
uarlors that the next session of ih<> (ir.md Phf or
is o be he d in P.edwood.Cit- on .ihf '26.li.of April
and coti luue Vn sessi 'U until all tne bosiDMi Is
concluded. Kach parlor is entitled loonetlele
gate at large nnd one additional delegate for each
100 members-or fraction of lOJ.niembers over
lift v. and elections for delegates arc now in order.
Heal-fO riqifsts tha: in or>l*r 'O enable him to
c osoarro 'iits. by the Is: of April thnt ail (arlois
if indebted s*-nd in their account-, by the ißth
inst.. a d that the namen .of delegates b« for
warded ImiueJUu-ly an<r .hi; el-ilion.
ihe meetin? of (..aiiforniu No. 1 lasi Wednesday
will be pleasantly remembered by the members of
the order. There were present a large number of
the grand otticers to witnes-i tlie worn exemp. ified
arid i: was done in sneb a thorough manner that it
called forth flattering remarks fiom I'asl Presi
dents J. H. (imdy and John A. stelnbach, Grand
l.rator W. M. CtTiiev, i.rninl S«irfe.ary Henry
Lunsudt. (irand Trustee J. ii. Blake and Depu
ties Hyti'B ana Boldt-mann. (ireal niteresi was
manlfesicJ in the electitoi of. delegates to the
Nativ .-ons' Hall Association. The following
named were cbo-ten: Uenrjr Lunstedt, John H.
(Jr»dy, 1-. W. Marstou, J. B. stovaJ, .. H. Morse.
I). J. Tobln. and H. L Millzntr. TViey will look
afier the Jti.'idO interest which the- parlor holds in
the shape o stock in the association.
iirnn ; Outside -Hentlnel C. O. Dunbarand a num
ber of members of anta Parlor were in the
CAPTAIN THOMAS G. LAMBERT, for Eighteen Years Worship<ul Master of
■.■ " • . ' . • Monterey' Lodge, F. and A. M.
City last week w.orklpg tip a boom for Shnt'a Roia
as the place, in whloh to hold tbe celebraiion next,
September.' ..-.'.• • ■
itie Mystic' Argonauts of Hesperian Parlor cele
brnted itieir • lich:h annlv rs-ry by an entenaln
mem uud dance'in Mission Parlor Hall lax: satur:
dnj- evening. Ther.> was a l«rse : , attendnnce, and
ali pre«nl derived a irreat deal Of pieatuie from
ilie programme thai was i reirnted nd then from
the'taace that fo lowed. '1 he halK had been most
•ta*tef j 11 v d> corat'ed f.,r the.cccaslon with the em
blems of patrlo ism which are sodeaU* . o the mem
bers of °3iesp»rlab Parlor— t he -ft'lonal bannir
»nd ihe bear flag. ■;• These were artistically draped'
•>n tbe walls, gal.cry and oVe.r tne srt..jre, ar>d tbe
harmony of.colors pr^enKM a pre tv picture. The
programme inclndt-d a manlulin so.o by I). T.
Berry; soprano s-ol«, Mis* -I >»is%- V. K*ane; comi
cal ties, Air. .' arpey: violin solo. Georg" \V"ulh»lm:
Irish specialties, Thomas Navlor: vuc;il solo. Was
ter Henry white, an'l an address on the car.ilval
.by Colonel J. U'Byrne. •'Then followel .-h • dance.
'• The event, was for ihe'pufpo*e of .increasing tile
carnival . fund •. The= fol .owing nam-il had tne.
'management of ili« tifl'uir: >mmittee. of ar-
menls— Kluier < lark (chairman), s. H. 10--
I'er. C. F. liottle. 11 1 . >hepu'on, . P. u<. Norman
Jr.: C.\A. Bradv.J. 1,. Pe.tr. Ulirjam D. Molier. i
X H. Koxbnrsh, William J.^p-ckman: reception |
committee-, nopm^ri of liesper'an P«rior: floor
manager, W. A. W. Monahan. floor committee —
. . B. Dagg-u, connrcl' Bell, Xi s. Allen. -I-.. B. Car
son,'L. uisen, L, Kohn, .1 i-ilchette, K. F. "Slebeit.
a t<atur« of the evening was a Cuban waltz in
' honor of the Cuban patriots:
||<<rand l rustee P. ic.'Zabala hfts been, visiting ihe
parrura In Amador, .Maripps* .unri M<>rced Cotin
tie.i, arid (o-nigui he mil visit liakcr Parlor at
Ba^erifleld:. to-morrow he will visit Kinmo Parlor
aud on Wednesday he "will visit lorol Parlor.-
Qranil yrator ('onley vhlted Verb* Buena Par
lor, Kincon Parlor and National Parlor, being acv
companied on the^e vislt«f by th» grand secretary.
Dtstr.i t Deputies O'Donui-ll and Hynes, Prst Gmnd
President -lelnoach Assls ant Urand Secretary
Jaml'son. Past I'r.-sldf in Fitxgerald ah/l J. L.
.Hawklnnof Pacific Paiior. He » a.i well received
In every parlor and his visits were productive.
much good. Wuen h» visited National Parlor, two.
candidates were, in .lated The grand ora:or re
turned lo his no oe yesterday. • . . •'• ■
(irand.Trusiee J 'JTf. li »ke of ! os C>Sos Parlor will
vislt.ai'."i!dwii durl. g the month: 'March >,Chlco;
2; I»Ka P.irior »•. Yreka: 3. Sierra Parlor, at. Ktifa'
Mills (sp-cial); 4, biaklyou Parlor at 'Fort Jon*-s
(soe iai): 5, HhaMta: t>, Minim .Bally Parlor at
Weaverville; 9, silver 8 «r Parlor at Lincoln; 12,.
Arconaul Parlor at <>rovllle.
Native IMuglit <■: of .he. <.i>](l i n We«t.. #
Las Lomas Parlor, after the close of the meeting
last Monday. night, gave an Informal "a; hime".
and bonbon social lq. Mission Parlor Hull To its
friends and memb ri of tbe. order. AVlthlu'the
very tastefully decorated ball bir.-hered a large
number of -people:. Most conspicuous in in* line
of decttratlosf was a 'well executed portrait of
Oeorge Washington artfully draped with the na
ti..ni.i coior.H. .Mrs. .-.P. J'agseu. ]>re^ldeut of the
parlor, welcomed a.l nreoent and then th« first
danre w-<s.ca lcdi B"tweeri the dances thrrt' were
a njmber of in usical and . literary selections
which were loudly appiairled. l>ur.ng the evening
there were several games, which were greatly en-
Joyed. "A b'cyc c was rallW and won by Miss
Mattle Farrls, who promised to let cv ry one have
a ride on-U. - ihe party was one of the'most* enjoy
able over given by the parlor. ... .. -. ... ■- ,
■Minerva rarlor has reru6ved from MUslon to
Native Sons' Hall. .
Grand President Mrs. M. E. Tillmah has re
turned from her. southern irlp, dnritig which she
Instituted San Miguel Par.or .No. y« ai »an
Mtcuel and Buena Ventura I'ailor No. 95 at
Ventura w.ih , twenty-five memters. . She mlso
oftlclaliy visited Ksperanza al I^os Ange.es and
itlo'Brayo Purii-r at Hakersfleld. : ' < .
. The en'tertaiiimeiit and dance given last Wednes
day In >ative Sous' Hall cy Oro Fino Parlor in
aid of Its fnnu lor the reli »f of tbe sick, was one of
thn most enj lyable functions tha; th s parlor has
Liven. As the entertainment deserved, for both
Its object and excellence, tt good tendance there
was such and It Is not often that an audience
quits a hall with such. a fund of plensurable
recollections a-> dm thato'<e. There \> ere h nuni
oer of living pictures that were presented under
th.c direction of I.eon ur «dou, the stug* man. ger
and each was an anis'.lc cieation that won the ad
miration of nil. . : ■•
The programme included: Tableau, "Colum
bia." Mri«. l>oliJe Bradey; vocal solo, Miss Leonic
Schiller; tableau, -The . I'eacemaker," Mlsi
Nellie T. Mulcay nnd Miss .lt-n..ie M. Star<;
fancy dance, Mis-- Kthel m h waner: tableau "Ho
loves me, he loves me not," Miss Kathtine Jones;
voca. solo, J. '1. lirsmuiiil; tableau, "Music, Art
aid Linramre." MUses Annie Hlnck, Lillie
>chafer aud Kvelyn Hanbrlck; vlo'.lii holo, Miss
Annie Gibson: tableau, ".'ecreta." Missch Margl •
Hemix and Mac. iSmiUi: comic selecJons, Rich
ard I. Wha en; tableau, "Ihe Flist I ove Letter,"
Misses l.c ah Laws and Anne Mischler: recita
tion, Ml«n l>elen Kelleher: tableau. "Maidenhood,
•Womanhood, old Age," Misses Jenni ■. M Siark
Linda. liuber and Mamie Hlnck; whistling >010,
Mins Cordle Weijen; seleciions by Columbia Zither
Club, and then one. mo c tabeau, "Co ors War
ranted Not to Huo."" When the runaln was
rai*»d there was displayed the AmeiicMii emblem,
and that the audlem c uud-rstood tnefoceoftbe
announcement was manifest, by the s'orm of ap
plNiis> thatfo Uiweil. . . • - • -.
:. . TU« following-named wer» the committees »ho
had charge "i this dellchtful affuir: .ArranKe
meni s— .vrs Ev»lyn Anderson. "M iss ay urch,
l>r.lli- Bradley, JMss > . F. Kapp. Miss JVelilu
T. Muk-ay, Miss Annie- HincK. .\.i.ss Abble Me
aughlln and Miss Kubv 31. .M»nwr; lecep ion—
Miss Linda Huber, Ml.«s Liliie )>chafer, L-laii
Laws, Miss Annie Mii>chler i.ml Mrv Julia
Wright; floor— Miss -Mamie Hlnc<, M^is M.ix^ic
Henrlx. Miss Pearl Laws, Miss 'Jennie stark and
M iss . Kvelyn • llaubr ; > floor directors — Miss
Nellie T. Mil cay and Miss Kaabrlne Jones.
, ' Buena V sta Parlor will celebrate* Its > wooden
anniversary on tbe 20th of April. -. ■;
Ivy Parlor of LoUi nai cbang«a its time of meet
THJE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
irjg from the first Friday evening of each month
to the third Friday afternoon. Ibis i ar.or Is
mßii'fcji ing a grea. deal or Interest in the order
.and liiim casing In niembershlp.
i i ran. l 1r us tec Mrs. Mnu in Anderson la en
deavoring, (v organize two parlors, one in Sbama
at)d another In Redding.
11> i- Improved Order of Red Men.
'The Great sachrm has returned to bis home in
Nevada Cl:y. Great senior Sagimore F. A. Whlp
ple lias rilso returmd to his home In Kort Bragg,
after having visited a number ot the local tribes
and councils.
George W. Collins, Porter L. Bliss, P. S. Sey
mour, J. Fowzer, M. LelscrandC. H. Parnsh-bave
been a|>polnt-d a committee to formulate a plan
to effect an organization of v past sachem's asso
flation, and this commUtie will report on the 13 h
of nex; moiiih.
A number of ihe local tribes ieceived-a visit last
werk irom X.' I). Wcyroouth, I>. I>. <*. K. lor Lios
Angeles: also from diaries Hope, sachem of Ta
boc Tribe of '» ruckee, and U. W. Wbitlock of
Sacramento. The visitors report the tribes In their
rrnprtlTn irciloin of ihe resi rvjtion tn gooJ iou
di.ion. '
During the | m .t term the membership of the en
downiest ins i.iimi increaseJ by 200
Ane set of elegantly finished regalia has been
made f r he creut chi -It.
Samuel Berel, chief it records of Oshonee Tribe,
H. v\ . Fr'lermutl: anu K. Hobertshave prepared
a letter to be sent to every tribe in the reservation
tailing attention io the fact that on the 16th of
next April there wl;l be held in Kea Men's Hall a
preliminary nn-eiini; to take steps to erect a h^nie
for the aged members of the order and to annex
thereto an aylnm for orphans.
They ask each tribe to contribute to the fond for
that i urpose. In the letter is ti-e following: ihe
Jiorue we-propo-e to build will be a monument for
&[ time to come to the Improved Order of Red
Men, and one that will redound to humanity.
We also propose to show to the world that we
have liberal Institutions In the reservation of
l alifornia. A nobl' r work cannot engage the at
tention of man, and every bro.her of ihli order
wh > contributes but a mite of his labors to this
worK has done for the aged, feenle and orphans a.
noble de d. Think, biothers, what a home would
be for an aged snd feebW- Red Man who is no
longer able to follow the bunt, and to the orphan
to whom it .will be a refuge from the sins and
t temptations of • this wicked world, where their
[ minds can be trained and rhelr tender hrarts im
| pressed wiih the love of in 1 - great spirit,
\\ The next meat t ouncll of the < rder will not be
held in Stockton, but" will be held v this City In
; April.
Wlnnemucca Tribe at its last held session
adopted severa' pale'ace< and conferred ibechiet's
degree on several enti led to receive the same.
Althomus '1 ribe. one f the recently organized
tribes, is n.akinc n remarlcable siiowlog In the
I matter of nieinbershlp.
I On the 4th of July Co'manche Tribe of Flmhurst
will dedicat - a new council hail thai is now being
erected..
• Mono Tribe of Angels Camp will organize a
tribe of the decree of l'ncuhontas. At Its last
held meeting the tribe adopted five palefaces.
• Degree .'of Voculiontas.
A new council of tho Degree of Pocahontas, to
• be.known as Yosemite, was ln<tltuted last Friday
tvenlng In' AlameJa' by District Deputy Miss
Agnes McMahon of .Pocahontas Council, as Insti
tuting officer, assisted by.Miss !«. Tilley, Mrs.
.Scary, Mrs. Welsel, Miss J. Walworth. T. M.
scary and others ot the ad«pl.on team of Poca
hontas Council. '.The council ha,s a charter list of
thirty-six members. The following-named were
elected for the first term: Mrs. J. J. d'Arcv, Poca
honus: Mrs. Jennie, McKenna, Weionah: AJlss
Klttie I^<»Mor,. keeper of records; Herbart H. Co c,
'assistant keeper of records; Mrs. L. Cole, Weeper
o: wampum: Mrs M. burg.c, inner guard;. Mrs.
J. Tate, outer £inrd; John Byuery. 1. H. Chand
,ler, O. H. l'e-ry and W. W. Co^glns, warriors.
The team from Pocahontas ( ouncil will In two
weeks from the la t meeting pay ihe new council
a visit to ionfer further de»:roes. During the even
ing Ctfarles F. Burg • an, great cht*f of records of
tiie Imp O. K. M.. favored tho ass muiv wltn a
few remarks expla alury of the origin and par
poso of the degree of' Pocahontas.
Kulght« of Msccsheei.
On Friday evening, jFebnutry 19, San Francisco
Ten: ap<J Golden <>ate UiTc, K. O. T.- ML, gave a
public entertainment at the r ball In the Al< azar
bmidlug. A splendid literary and' musical pro
gramme was presented, after which all preient
were treated to Icecream and cake.
Mission Tent heid Its regular review in Mission
I Maccabee Temple on last Tues lay evening. After
| -conferring tbe. degrees on one applicant the ar
rangement, wa's tun mide for a ttrand entertain
ment and ba I. to "be ctven in rnlon-squ re Hall
March 17. This, -It Is exp«d?d, is to bo the or-
I der's swell aftair of the season.
<iolden West Tent held n very Interesting meet
i r.i.'- on lasi Saturday ntrht in the Alcazar bulld
i'g. some' maliers of spec.nl importance were
taken up.
C. A. 1 uckenbach. supprvlsine deputy for tbe
• oast will arri v ■ in this t ily next Tuesday on his
way. to ihe .Nor hwest. A reception will bo ten
dered him by tbe hnighttof ibis City, Oakland
and Alamed.l Friday evening.
. B'ne I'.riih
Tbe member 3 of the general committee were
present at a banquet, given In Stockton on Sun
day, the 21st of tobriiary, to M. P. Stein of Hope
Lodge, recenik- <? ected urnnd president. It was a
splendil reunion, at whi h there was a fine din
ne , excellent era.ory .>ud a pleasant time gener
»lly.
l lie printed proreertlngs of the recently held ses
sion o» ih" District Orund Lodg» will be nady for
distribution within tne MX. few day«.
It is expec:en that an soon as ihe new endow
ment p'.an goes in ii eAVct, after the first of Jaly,
there will be a mark< d increase in the endowment
branch.
The general committee haa under consideration
the inHUgtiratioti of a plan by which missionary
work will b^* done In ail the principal cities and
towns in the M*te, with a view to expind the or
der aid institute n>-w Indies in places wher • there
la plenty of material and In whicb there now are
no lo!_-es. it is proposed that there shall be a
lodee In V resuo »n : tlint ano her one sha I be es
luollshed In 1.0 ■ Angeles. The committee pro
poses jil in to inaugurate a enmpa gn of education.
Inter No* Circle, F. of A.
There was a large number of people In Social
Hall In the Alcazar last Wednr<sd.tr evening when
Inter Nos Circle had iiossois on of it for the pur
pose of Holding a necktie and apron party. It Is
not often that an aggregation of hnntlsom r ladies
ai.d gentlemen has assembled in this hall than
there was that nig t. Iheie was a great deal of
merriment for all present when ihe time came for
the dl.-itrlbmton of the neckties and aprons. The
affair was adruirarh- c ndncted by the committee,
assis.ed by Past Chief Companion Kmnia Harring
ton ana chle Companion Mrs. J. J. Neely.
Defiance Circle. No. 38, <_x O. jr., Foresters of
America, will give Us anniversary social In
Pythian Castle next Wednesday evening.
Seven Pines Circle.
The Martha Washington tea party, given by
f-even Pines Circle. Ladies of the U. A. H., of
which an account appeared In The (all on last
Tuesday, w«s one of the most successful functions
that this circle has given. The attendance was
lar^e. an I one of tne members sold 'that was all
due lo the grand notice The < all gave im before
the event." The ladies feei very grateful to Bush
nell th • t'hotogrrtpher, "ho touk the' pictures of
the leading participants in ihe tea, and wii.cn were
reproduced in the article alluded to.
Calholin Lndiea' Aid.
Sam Booth will lecture to-night on "To Europe
and Back" at Mission opera Hall in aid of the re
lief fund of tbe Catholic Ladles' Aid Society, No. 3.
Both tbe lee turn and the object are good.
FOOD AND CLOTHES
ARE SADLY NEEDED
Hundreds of Willing Hands
Who Are Out of Em
ploy msnt.
Sunday in the Barracks of the
San Francisco Army of
Unemployed.
The Larder Is Empty and Scores of
Sick and Destitu'e Families Are
Absolutely Starving-
In t'e vast hall formerly occupied by
the California Club at Howard and New
Montgomery streets, where dance parties
were once held every week, some 430 men
slept last night on tne burd boards with
the roof for covering and their coats for a
pillow.
It was in this hall, too, that the elite of
San Francisco's sporty inclined witnessed
Robert Fitzilmmons' debut in America,
and also tne lirst defeat of "Nonpareil"
Dempsey, paying a good week's wages in
either case for a few tuonientb' pastime. .
Now the hall that was made famous by
society belies us well as sports is the home
of the San Francisco unemployed.
There are 1500 of them in all enrolled
and waiting for honest employment. But
these people- must liv« >n tbe meantime.
The provisions that have been contributed
by a few downtown peop.e charitably in
clined have given out • almost entirely.
Yesterday being Sunday the receiving
wagon, drawn about the streets last week
by a hundred men, did not make its ap
pearance, ana tnere are only two sacks of
potatoes. and some dried' apples for the
menu to-day.
Coal is needpd very much.- Without it
to-day the £re in the kitchen cannot be
lipnted.no matter what else may be con
tributed for the sustenance of the men.
Mrs. vVniting and M.iss Cary, two noble
women, called at headquarters yesfe'dav
morning, bringing 100 linm sandwicties
and a couple of dczen hard-boiled egg?.
These were greatly appreciated, but nun
dredsof hungry men. eyed with envy the
f. ruinate fellowsto wliom they fell in the
distribution.
.President S. A. Lefflngwell of tbe band
says'his feliowersare stout-hearted. • They
are looking forward to the day when the
bouevard work will be given out. "But,"
said he, "that will not be ip-morrow, and
the immediate is what we most need.
Following the work on the boulevard we
nope to work on the new Postoflice. This
would be a boon indeed, givine, as it
would, employment to all of our people.
"One oi our greatest sorrows does not
appear on the iurface. We hove hundreds
of deserving poor men, women and chil
dren about the City. They are destitute,
and in many cases they . are ill. These
have to T>e cared for first. Since we have
been here, that is in the past week, we
have cared for 137 families out of tne pro
visions that were contributed to us. We
are no longer in a position to do this, as
we are utterly without funds and out of
food."
Mrs. Moore and Mri. Mciiee of the
Emmanuel Baptist thurefo r.a led at head
quarters yesterday and got the names and
addresses of some M tue destitute faini
lir-8 «o as to assist them.
Yesterday was wnsti day with the un
empioved. Some 260 pieces of soap were
distributed and tbe men used them to
goo'l advantage.
'•Underclothes are very much needed,"
said : President Le fling well. "Shoes and
garments of any kind would be welcome."
ENDEAVORERS IN CHARGE.
The First Baptist Church Given
Over to Them Last
Evening.
Christian/ zed J w,sh People From the
East to Attend at the Con
vention
The *97 convention of the Christian En
deavorers is booming right along. Every
day brinps scores and scores of letters
from all over the E ist. So many are there
that at times they threaten to swamp
Chairman Rolla V. Watt.
There will be special trains that will
bnoK in hundreds of Endeavorers from
all points. The Christianized Jewish peo
ple of Wilmngton, Del., will turn out in
great numbers to attend the convention.
The interest in it in tl c East is increasing
daily, and the '97 convention in San Fran
cisco will be a lone remembered event.
Day before yesterday over 2000 '97 con
vention posters were mailed to tb« East.
It la almost impossible to keep up with
tne demands, and tyr o people are kept con
stantly at work addressing 'hem.
There will be a stage put up in Wood
ward's Pavilion for thechorus. Otherwise
there will be no changes made.
Last nieht the Endeavorer* of the First
Baptist Church had charsre of the ser
vices, which were in aid of the conven
tion. Following wax the programme:
7:30 to 7:45, praise service, lender, R. Powell
Evans; "Guardian Angel" (Charles Gounod),
Craig y Nos Orchestra; Scripture reading;
"Softly Ring the Bells of Heav.n" (C"»Uiri),
Crait? y Nos Orchestra; p rayer; offertory,
"Nearer My God to Thee" (Holdcn). Miss Fan
nie F. Denny; "Christ in the Convention,"
Melbourne Parker Boynton; hymn 79 (Living
Hymn«, congregation; "The Kclatiou That
Stiould Exist Between the Union and the Indi
vidual Society," Purcell Rowe, president G. G.
U. ; overture, "Church-Home Circle" (Sch.eip
grel), Craig y Noa Orchestra; "Individual
Work and Responsibility," C. F. Baker; "Un
fold, Ye Portals'" (Redemption), (Gounod),
choir; Mizpah bened.ction.
TEADE WITHOUT PEOPIT.
The 1 abor I xchnngn Diiicuuaes Its
Idea of a Monetary By stem •
'.-, The Labor Exchange was yeatcr lay
afternoon addressed by John 8. Clark,
State organizer of the society, and George
Cummins .or: the -Mechanics' ; Institute,
with live-minute speeches by other mem
bers of me society. , , ,;
* Mr. Clark spoke of the requisites of a
legitimate business life, which he held
grew out of the necessities ot the " people.
These requisites ' he named • as: First—
Something to produce I out of. For this
purpose he said the earth complied with
all the requirements. ' " ;>"•'• - i
The second requisite he con'uderei the
producers, and these he showed by the
statistics of the unemployed, we had in
abundance." > "There 'i« absolutely only
one other requirement,'.-'; 1 he said,'- Vsonie
thinj: to facilitate the exchange ot com
modities 'i after ; the v : have been , produced
from the earth." The i speaker then : ex
plained the lab >r idea theory of 'aVmoii*
etary system, which is the issuance of
checks representing actual commodities.
This, ; he v held, was , the v solution of the
third requisite. V; :.■;;:;•'>• : -' iV -'->«' : -- '•-'■■■
'it George dimming spoke of the fallacy of
the present so-called competitive system.
He argued that the ; labor-exchange idea
was the rational solution of the social
question.
Henry Warfield presided at the meet
ing. •
. A GREAT MUSICAL TREAT.
The Oberon Concert Hall Turn* Crowds
Away.
E. A. Fischer, proprietor of the Oberon
family concert hall, built better than he
knew when he provided that retreat for
the music lovers of San Fraiicisco. Ever
sines the openine nieht the beautifully
finished hall has been filled to overflowing
by intelligent and appreciative audiences.
Hundreds were obliged to go away on
Saturday and last evening through lack
of seating facilities, and thos6 who found
accommodations applauded Herr Stark
und his orchestra warmly and frequently.
As a leader Herr Stark must be ac
knowledged b.)th talented and magnetic,
while his happy faculty in selecting pro
grammes that suit the popular taste haf
been strongly accentuated by the success
of last week's numbers. His violin work
has soul, sentiment and de.icate artistic
finish, and tbe tones of his instrument
sob and rollick, dream and exalt at the
magic touch of his fincfrs. Thio week's
three pronraram's, it i" announced, will
afford an imeresting and pleasing lesson
In judicious selection. A realistic inter
pretation of an Indian war dance will be
given this evening for the first time on the
I'acitic Coas 1 .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs J Hobson, Wash Miss M Lacy, Buffalo
J LMenthM, N V. . > X C Voorbtea, sacto
X T l,upne«. ban Jose F Hmrtevaut, Paris
H Heunevau , Parts ' Lli Witting, Grd Kaplds
O hosenbus h. NY S M White, Salinas City
T B Price, Boston ; J V'Featherton. Boston
J P JUunn, Unkiand C L Huggins. Berkeley
KO Farwell, Providence \V J Hyan, Denver
F X Mariuei, Auburn Jll-s Sikp, Hanford
MissK ngslev, Hariford H P Hrown & w, .Nelson
M *-chiemel, Pictsburg ■ M Winter, Piltsburg .
M Sai-hs. -N V >» T-ut Montana
MrsFamum. Phila " Miss Farnum, Fhlla i
Mrs .-aDgv'r.Phllaaelphla J X Farnum, l'liila
o L Farnum, Phil* A D -rui:h, I'hlla
B F McCunnell, Chicago P A Snia 1 <t w. Yorlc
Mrs B F McConneli, (.In HC FleldAw, Providence
J B rner. Copenhagen M.iTF Sn.vdani. N V
H buydarn, .V V .. AL Suytiam. N V
B A v iliiams. Wa*h ! X X Sheldon. Boston
W White. Cumwnll KJM tton it w. Boston
WII Wood Aw, Boston MrsXJ H odhue, Mass
MiKsGoodhue, Mass 'HA lake. N V
F •> i.li:er Chcago O yon S;elneblch, st Paul
14 Potting, B.nte Mrs Medenliofer, ButtJ
Mrs T Warren. « V X Warn-n, N V .
Miss Xftdol, *N V I J M Oakley, Pittsburg
CBASD HOTEI
N Meyers, Woodland B V Hardman, Lindsay
A Oonnicic, Eureka Mrs T T urnisbee, Mich
IU W itnriift. Ktau'rord 'Mv ter H W Ormsbee,
BU Wilson. lionul-uln Mich
DrL Fln«-Kaniw.>'n Joae MrsfW SaJsbury.l'ittsbg
•T |p ToiauU, \ enturit ■ Dr A E OsborncEldridge
JLI ncker. Sacrament • l>r «* ri Wonuil, sn i lara
Jl 14 Hendersou.Jucitsnv >' W Johnson, iiarysviile
A -haw, Jacksonville ,-A A >mal fMd. S.oikton
I J O'.Nrille Kureka Mrs J- 11 Seaweli; Ssacto
C i> Liniy. Kurt-ka J C .Mo< ■, Colnsa
I FII ueorije. Jueau ' ■ JL. j.o*enberg, Ukiah
| G M Vial, Cnicago V It Seawell, Ukiah
; <» h Nixon, ?«'ev H U Ro=s Jr. Sacto
! J Koberis. Thistle Shaft W Bruce, t'liicaco
L. H Alexander, Orovllle J W Bruce, Chicago
A W Heed, Pasadena H M Franks, Denver
M Jacks. NY H D Healer, Los Angeles
C J Hu.cb:nion. Lindsay V W liart. Los Angle.* ,
T«4 O'Day, Ariz P M Bryant, Ariz
S M O*Day, ' Ariz , rr. '" r ;; '
SEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J A Collins, Cal .'■■■' X Jones, JonvsvUU
F A ctaras, Vallejo FranK Jones, Cal •
X H Whue. NY- H Tomas, Victoria
W Tomaz. Cal F J Schul It <t f, Cal
Mrs isniiey, Portland J Swerlland, Nova Scotia \
O N Broughton, Cal ; J L Yonroan. Or
H Halatt & a, Utah C A Black, Cal
B Cameron, Keno, Nev S Senrich, Cal
•J Downey, Cal WO Mcl«od, 'Cal
C H Koosback, Cal M F Harvey, Cal
H Arnold, l'awtucicet . J C Cover, Seattle ?'■' :,\.z
X X Johnson, L Angeles J Mnmter, Los Angeles
Z V Petters, L Angeles ' W Welch, san Mateo /
H Winters, *an Ma'eo J Pollard. !>an Jose
T terson, San Jose . D Latham, Lot Angeles
P. Barnes <fe w, L Angeles O H Williams, 1 roy V
O vv Dunbar, w <fe d, Or GR Morse,' Cleveland
J Downy, Gilroy • '
BALDWIN HOTKL. ,
W P Barreti, St Helena G U Stanley, Llvermore
JC Lynch, La ■ V 9 Martin, Sacram»nto
G A dishing Jr, N H C H *• Bercer, Oaicland
D L Boscoe, .-au«alito A S Williams. Di)«
Dr J J Willy, *toe tton 'A A Ebe'rson. Ht Louis
G Blpamontf, Paris O de B»rro-, Pnrls
W 11 Cramer &w,S Lake X Fer^us-'n. Clinton, O
W A Caiwell. >RCIO ': P Itenil^ssev. Cal :
OCP<hu z- <v w, Dlzon W F Chapman. Chicago
Mrs W ... cUrk, Mocktn I) R Oliver, stockion
L M Hale, sau Jose C M Hatcher, San Jose ■
lU£ CALL CALKNDAK.
OCJiAN ST^AMKKS.
Dates of Departure From San FrancUco.
Ml A.M. i:s TO AKBIVK.
STKAICKR | I"Ri)M j DuE
»U.\ MOON ANl> TID.:.
L'NfTKn FTATIW ''OAST ANt> f;F.Or>"Tlr! BrTRVFY
T>MKA AND Hkiohts Or Utoii AXD LOW
' Watkrs at Jtokt" Point. Extravcr to
Frai.cihco BAY. , I'ITBLISKKK XV Orrt
■'ClAL ADTUOKITY OF THX bUrKRIJTTKXDICNT. :
■ Notk— The htgb nnd low wnterj occur ai t»i»
City Front (MlMion-siroec sviiarf) about twentr
Jiv.- m.iin lat»r than nt Fort I'oiai: me ticUb;
Of tl'li* Is ili>* i»(irn« »• boh plnrp«. . gg^ggjjg^gfijg
March— lßWJ.'
Son- In the above exposition of the tides tv«
tarty morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tin
order of occurrence at to time. The second tun*
rolumn gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or -right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three (ides, as sometimaj
ocean. The heights given are additions to ttu
soundings on the United Btates Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlna.i sign (— ) precedes the
height, aDd then the number given U subtractlrs
from the depth given by tlie charis.
NOTICE TO MAKINEBI.
A branch of the United States Hvdrographlc
Oflire located In th« Merchant*' Excbanir* U
maintained in snn Francisco for tin- benefit of
mariners wllaout regard to nationality aud free of
expense. ,
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets ot chart* and sallln*
dlrectons of the world are kept on hanl. or com
par.son and reference, and the lateu Information
can always be obtained regarding llclits, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to wan
commerce.
The tlm's ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon-, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic sigual leceived each day irom the
United States Naval Obiervaiory a-. Mare Island.
V notice stating whether' the time ball was
droppe-1 on time, or giving the error. If any. Is
pubiishoi the same day oy the afternoon paper*,
and by the morning papers the following il*/.
; W. H," J ii UOHK3, ;
* JJeuteiiani U. *>X.Hn cn-tri".
SHIPPING isii:LUGE.S<;t.
* Arrived.
SUNDAY. Febrnary 28. ,
i Btmr Cleone. • Jobnson. ■> 35 hours ' irom Cres
cent City, lumbJr.io Simpson Lumber Co. • •
.Stmr Empire, Reed. 5.3 hours from Coos Bay.
mdse, etc.. toiil'iS Co. -'■'.'■-■ t * __ ■• ■''■
Stmr Alcatraz, Cur. son. 4H hours from vedondo:
167 ions road iro.i. h> L X Wliite l.umb Co.
iSlmrGeo Loomls, Briagett, — hours trom V«n
tnru: — • -111* oil. 10 — . Up river dlr.-ct. :■-
Stmr Noyo. Levtnson. 1 4 hours irotn tort Bragg:
pass and mdsc to J s Kinioatl.
Simr Caspar. ; ADflndsen. 58 hours from ban
MrKo: i>al.i4[. loCusp.ir Lumber Co.
Stmr 1 - Newsboy. Fosen, -0 hours from Vsai;
V!4O Al ft lumber, to Usal Redwood Co. .
- stmr Corona. Uoran, 18 hours from Eureka:
pass ana mdse. to uoodail. Perkitu & Co.
stmr Gipsy. 'L*lan-I. 'M hoars irom Monterey,
eir: produce, to Good all. Perkins-iCo. .
Hchr Liilebonne, Hansen, 9 days from fort
Iln'iliii k : ,11'jiii. r. io \<J Adams.
Schr. Reliance, -Wilson," 24- uours from Point
Arena; 64 cUs wood, to X A GUb.-ide <fc Co.
. -.- t ; -,- Sailed. '
SUNDAY. February 28.
Htmr National Cltv. Andresen, Kureka.
■. Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Brshlp (ileiiTichi.. Davles, >'or. Townsend. ■ .■■■:
Ital stiip Francesco Clamp*, Mar^sca, Queens
town. . :
Bark Aureola, Johanse '. Columbia. River.
J-iktn Retriever, Bogau. i'or. Hadloc;.
Schr Falcon. Kls inc. sail Jos>* <le (iuntemila,
Schr Maid of Orleans. Arff, Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic '
TOTNT LOBOS. Feb. 38-1 J p. M--\Veata»f
cloudy; wind S veloci./ 14 ni"»v .
. Domestic Ports.
FORT ROSS-Arrived Feb 28-Schr Etta B, hce
Feb 24. : ■ _
sailed Feb -.'B-Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Fub 28— Stmr Point
Arena, henoe Feb 27.
OKEENWOOD-Sailed Feb 18-->tmr Whites-
Doro, 'or Port Los Angeles.
FoRT BKAUU— Saiiea. Feb 28— Stmr Weeolt,
for Man Francisco. ' ■•• • •
TaTOO.-H- Passed Feb 28-Schr John D Tal
lani, from Port Gamble for .Honolulu.
ECKKKA- siullej Feb 'iS-Stmrs' South Coast
Coau and Westport ana schrs >p.»rro a- and John
A, tor Sa . Francisco; stmr i.aitnie. lor Seattle.
Arrlvi* i Feb 28--->chr Lottie Carson, from San
Pedro: Schr Fortuna, hence-Feb W. .
CLAL'LAM 11AY— S«lte4 Feb Ship B P
Cheney, for san Frauclsro.'
COOS BAY— Arrived Feo 28— Stmr Alice Bian
cbard, hence Feb 28.
>alled Feb 2S— -tmr ( zirlna. 'or San Francisco.
SAN DlKUO— Sai.fd Ftb 27-17 «it n r Mario i,
I for Honolulu, no: schr Marlon, as previously re
i ported.
MoT«-ments of Tram-Atlantic Steamers.
XtW YORK— Arr.veJ Feb .8— imr Umbria,
.from Liverpool; .mmr New Yor<, from aouth
ampton; atinr Phoenician, from Hamour^.
Snt f.& F»b 2S— tnir Mohawx, for LonJoo.
HAVKE-Arnve- ou. Feb M— Stair La Bour
gogur.
Importation*.
! COOS HAY — rer Kmnire-1953 sks potatoes. 11
M ft lumber, 9cs bardwure. 3 <v m.lse, 2 spars. 2
kegs liquors. 1 bx cheese, bOO tons coal.
.MOS.-5 LANDING— Ulpsy-1 Ox butter, 449
sks potatoes. 9 empties. .
noquei— B3 uxi applfi, 4 bx^ butter, Ibx flih. 4
bxs cheese, 14 1. 11- green hides, 1 roll leather, 50J
ool« lime, 11 i>m'.)t">s.
FOKT liRACiO-Fer Noro— 44 bdls oides, 1 sk
tails, 3 bdls p?lts, 27 hides, i bx cigars. 1 bx lard.
1 cs nouseno.d goods, 2 sks shells, i! 6 p<gs per
so ial rffec:s, 280 Mft lumber ■'. •
EURKKA— Prr corona— i 1 bxs 18 hf-bxs fish, 2
cs plate*. 2 kees 77 bf-bxs butter,- 1 horje, » r>t>ls
mineral water, 3 c< machinery. 55 . pkg« mdse, 3
doors, i ht eroreries. IOV2 Mftlnmber, S cases
shoe*. i V» M sninsrlei, 1 i>.x hornt. V bdls pelts. 1
bx lypewritcn, 20 cs co lrtenseU milk. 100 sks o«.ts,
1 csdry icuoJs. 1 cs hardware, 112 bxs apples, I^o
sks potatoes. . •.<■■-",;, '■: :•"• /;;■,*. :- ;^V'..
Conilfrneaf,
Per Empire— Loujnran: MPDetels: H
Borens">n: Marshall, Te^art <£ Co : OCA.NCo:
McDouough A Knnyon: Marshall .t Retmers: Capt
A Kved; U Klrchmann <ft Co: Erlanger & Gallnger;
Arctic Oil Works: 1) martin i <t Co.
P-r Glps'- -LG Sresovich & Co; aan Francisco i
Chemical Works: l>od?e. SweeneT A Co: A W
1 in^; il Dutard; Herman Joost; H Cowell <fcCo;
Wolf Son: Kron Tanning Co: J H Keying
Por N oyo— W B Snmner <fc Co : G CohTi <fc Co:
Honth Ban Francisco Packing and Provision Co:
Union Lumber Co; A sadler; c-E Whialer; H
Cook.
Per Corona— A Palailnl: ■ Amer rress Assn: A
Kiness: Al'lson- N<fl<t lo: Dod^e, -sweenev <& Co;
Brlgham. Hoppe* Co; men's Union; J H
Kruse: Humboldt ,er»l Water Co: H'.Usßroi:
DTwj-edle: J .- .licks: J Pfeffer::.McKity <t Co; J
D strong; J (Jollober: N B ntroug: Ru»s, Katiy
A Co; stanaard oil Co; Union T Supply Co: A
>':irml«anl: American Union Fish Co : BCaito; I
Trapplni: G Cnmillun i 4 lo; J B liku;liu; Pacific
Coa«i Fish Co: JHKe<-h|!; Mtlanl &Co: A L
Br/ an SbOf Co; C X Wbltnav AU): F H Halghi:
Geti Hros <fc Co; Nortoo, Teller <& Co: B CKont: H
LrviitCu; O B SmiLb A Co; Ross Hewlett; D
. Roranm:' Wheaton, IJreon Co; Wltzel<& l:aWer;
WolfASon: ' McDonough A Runyon; H Dutard;
' X H Stpven» A Co : .v FAlltchel. '
-:■ '-.; ■ OCEAN TRAVEL. ■ j
PACinC COAST "STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LKAVK BKOADWAY AgL'
wharf. Ban Francisco, »s follows: flWlrg
For Mary Island, l.orlng. Wrangel. Junenu, Ktl-
llsnoo and Sllka (Alaska), at 9 a. m. March 12, ;
17. 22. 27. .
For Victoria and Vanco;:v (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tatonia,* hA Tett. Anscortes and
New W'atcom (Bellicsham Bay. Wash.). 9 a. m.
Msr2. 7, 12. 17, 22,'J7an<t every ttfth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
R., atTa'oma with N. P. R. X., at beattie with ii.
N. Hy., at Port 'i'ownsend with Ainka steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold 1 Bar), »tr. Pomona 'I P. M., March 1, 5, 9, 13,
17. 21. 'i^. 29 and every fonrh <lav thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz. Monterey, J»an «lmeon, Cayucoi,
Port - Harford (San 1 ills Oblspo), Wuvlota, Santa
P.nrbara, Ventnra. Hueneme, san Pedro, Kast s».i
Pedro (Los AngelesV and Newport, ik 9 a. v.
Mar h 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, li 3. 27, and every fourtn
day thereafier. .
1 For san Pieeo. slopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), >anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
reles. Redondo (l.os Anjeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Mch. 1.5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every fourth I
iluv thereafter. ...
For Knsenada. San I Jo^e flel Cabo. MazaUan. L»
Paz and Guaymas (Mrxlco), steamer Orliaba, It)
A. M- 25th of each month. i : : ' ' .' ■
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice Rteamers, snlllng date 3 and
hours or sailing. Ticket office— Pulace Hotel, .4
New Montgomery street.
CIOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
■ ... . 10 Market <-... San >'rane'.3CO.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTKAMKRBTO
POR.TLA.3NT ID
From Rpear-stree: Wharf, at 10 a. m. *
In A "DT?/*1!8 I'irst-class \ Includlnj
1 AIvJCJI-so Second-class /berth <t men
SUHKDL'LE OK SAILINGS:
State of California ...Feb. 27, Var 9. 19, 29
C01umbia.......... ...........Mar. 4. 14, .4
Through tickets and' through baggaje to a..
Eastern point*. Rates and . folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent. ■
. 630 Market street.
ROODALL, PERKINS <fe CO.. f«up^iiniend^n^
jt4S7V#l!|i|llS9o ah - AUSTRALIA for
ArrWdßiiniE HUN OI- U L U only.
».:*»■'«■*■■*""*' Tuesday. M.rci 23,
I'J&BB x at 2 p.m. Special party
fm mmmatff &fe Australia for
i«rna«B« Tuesday. M rci •.>:<.
■ at •-' p. m. Special party i
O^^ I* N rates.
«9S#»)^IP/IFnMt!IW The S - B - ALAMKD.V !
Q)lWlllljlll r '^ Falls via HONOLULU :
ISSi&r fOfllFfflflll* and AUCKLAND for :
\yiipUlC«p SYDNEY. Thursday ;
v H rch 4, at 2 p. m
Line to COOLQ ARDIB, Anst.,and CAPETOWN I
Sooth Africa. -*--*a«ag»E>» < 'tun »^iyWiBaW)BiJßWtHg
J. 1». WPr.ECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents.
■ . 114 Montgomery stress.
Freight Offlce. 327 Marks: st.. sati Francisco.
COfIPAGJiIE GENERAL TUISATiIITIHI !
: French Line to Havre.
pOJIPANY'S FIKR(NEW).42NOKTH r-ijTV
\J River, loot of Morion St. Traveierj by -*i'sHf
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the Chan In a amall
boau .New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first, class bO. second clau $116. _
LA GA5C00NE............ ...... March 6. sa.
LAUHKTAGNF ......;..... ....March IS. 84.X.
LA NORMAVn[E..... - .....;.,.MiKll ! a ft a. m
LACHAMPAGNK March 27, 5 a.m.
l"i^wi;KAi.\-. ...... . .... «pri. o, 6a-M.
tGT lor further particulars apply to •
■ A. FORGET, Agent, .
No. 8. Fowling Green.- New York.
J. P. FUOAZI & CO., Agtnta. '6 Montgomery
avenue. San Fiancis;o. : ■
STOCKTO3T STEAMERS
Leave Pier i No. 3, Washington St..
At <j I*. 31. Daily. Frwitchc received -up
■.:■■--.'■■; ■ , 10 .::ji) P. >i.
. «y Accommodations Reserved by .Telephoa* .
; '1 he only 1111.- ue.llun ihro.igh tickets and giving
throuiru .freight - r.tis to all poin:s o 1 Valley
Hnllroa.. . ■. .- ■- --■■■. .?-■■ ■.- ; ■ .
- STEAUEIM:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Teter*.
Mary Uurratt, City of Stockton.
'leiophone Main 80S. - : Vh. I»av. a.:d Impu cm
! FOR YALiEJO ASO U. S. HA¥¥TARD.
STKAMKR "MONTICEtLO." '
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. .10:30 a. m. and 4r a,
fr-aiurdajs.v „ ...... "10:30 a. m., 4p. *•
Sundays ...•..........;.........:„ ......8 p. £.
Landing Mlsslon-stree; Docic. Pier i. '
J-'- Telephone Black 2dl. . - ; ,
■ Trip gives 1) hour* s;ou Navy-TarA
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
S d«v Jl *:V L y lhO ILEAVEa1 LEAVEa VIEB 1 MON-
y> N r e da «- 8U »y. Friday, at. 10 a. m. Alviso ;
1 uesdav. I hursday. SBturday. ut 3p. m. Freight
Al vl rTSo" 861 8* r * ?* tween San Francisco and
Alviso, aoc: to San Jose. 75c Clay «l Pier 1
w . W. isania Clara st.. Sail Joss. ' ■<^7?--- ■■-:■■■'
railboAd travet£^
LBAVE I ,■- FKBRUA KY 15, 1897 | AKRIVg
"^ ■O|-TIIKR!« I»*«:IMC cojipant.
(PACiriO araaM.l
• ' >rnln« Iravr nwl isr« ihir lo nrrl»e nl " >
■ UA> I'H*S«:iM«-
-•:6«ANnes.BaiiJosj'andW(>yStaMons... J:«,
• -7:«Oa Atlantic Kxpress. Ug-lcii and hn».t.. h:4:>y
. ":OOa Benicia Vacaville. Kuicsey. Sacrv
mcuto Orofillo and Ucdding Tia .
DaTis r'ii" " ox43p
7:»Oa Martinez. San Uamon, Vallejo, Napa, .
CalUtoga and Sauta Kosa.... Cits*
' «ti.-|«A Nil«-(. Krii .lose. Htiwktou. _loiie, ° q
Sacramento, ' Marys»llle, Chlco,
Teluinaan4lUetli:iuir -»iI.-»p
•fi:aOA Peters au.l Milton "7:13p
9>ooa KM <»rloans F.xpresa, Raymond (for o
- ' yoSßixiito), iTcsno, l:akenliel<l.
Suiitii, lUilmra. l.<is Ann»-l('s. Dera-
■ i<.K El Paso, New Orleans and
K:l8t .* 4:.1» P
0:OOA Martinez and Stocktou i .'. l:».".n
U:0»A Vallejo 6:I3 P
Niloa, Snn J-f», Uvermore and ■
StocUton J:J5p •
•l:OOp S.Kir:unmito Hirer manners 'H:ltip
l:OOi* NUes. fsan Jo»e and > irermiTe N:4.la
fl:a«p Port Costannd Wny Stations...;.... *":1.%p
4:O«i- Martinez, :. Kau .'llaiuoii, Ynllejo,
Napa, t*iilirtU)(j:i. Id Verano aud
BanU ltos-.i - Oil.tA
4:& Ok Benicia, VacnTille, Woodland °.
Krights Lauding, MarySTlUe, Oro. '
rillu aiidSuciiiintjn'o.... 11:15 a
4t34»r Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going Tia Xliea,
returning via Martinez 11:43 a
SsOOplm Angeles Express. Tracy, '
Fresno, Santa Barbara and l.os .
Angelt-s .' • "*
BKM>p Hanta F« Uoute, Atlantic Express -
•for Mi)jay» and ICast > 45
S:UAi' E<iroreau Mall, Og<l«ii and l-'.ast — 0:l. M "
' 6:OOr Hiiywarils, NHes and Han Jose 7:1.1 a
t7:OOi- Vallejo •• 17:13- 
7:O»p Orcfjon Sacramento, Marys.
vilje, Keildlug, l"<irtliind, I'lig'-t „. .
Sound an.l KMt U:l3a
•XlOtOVr "Sunset. Liraitod." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East .., l 2!4 _ '
SAM A €IS«!Z DITIMO.N ( W arrow «ialim^.
iirf»A NewaiW.Ceiitervillc.Siiii.lase.Felton, ~"
.' i- :■: ':. Jsould-.TCreek,BatitaCnizandWay
SUlions ....". 3i3or •'
•2:1 Newark. C'enterTille, Han.lo.se, New
Aliiiaden, Felton, ltouldrr C:eok.
Snnta Cruz and Princil«> Way
SUtious .* *ll:8«*
4:l»p Newark. Kmi. liise and l.os tiatos... 1»:.1O.\ •
tll:'l3i> Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and *
. WayHtations t?;BQp
(I)ASI' 111 VISION (Iliird loniisr-ini Sl.«.>
0:43 a .San Joso ami Wny ■Statft-.ns (New * ;
Almadeu Wtdnosdays only) IrHOP
■sISASan .lose, Tren J'iniMi, tkutt* Crua,
Pacitic (irofe. l'a»o .RuMcs, Ban O
l.vis Olilspn, fiuadalupe, Surf and ,■
Principxl W»y tSUtlons * "XtOOp
IO:IOa San nnd Wny .Stations S:«Op
" 11:30 a Palo Alto an.l Way Statiosis 3:3O»
'»l— I Shu Mate", Menlo Park, Kan .lose,
Gilroy, Tres l'iuos, Sunta Cruf, *
Balinas,Monteiey nnd PiiclUcOroTe »I«:4I>a
! *8i:i«»r Sau Jusennd Way .Stations Z>4X\
•4:3Ol-Sao Jeseaml Way Stations •8:O.*»a
3:30t- Sa-.^nsaßiid Priucipal Way Stations *M:43a
. 0:3 Or San Jose mid Wuy Stations «::t-"i.\
Ill:-I3r S&n .l«n.-»nd Way Stations f7:-iar
• SA.N LtAMUKO A.M> HAIWABUS LQOAIT
*« # 0:OOa* • (■• 7:13 a
8iO»a I • fO:4"«A *
iS. : S2a Kelrose, Seminary Park, (i\uSX
: o^p Fltrhbnr ,S.nLe. >f!|^
» :0 »f and S?JS»
4:00p • • 1 5:45p
. StOOp I \ ■ H«»w«rd«_ •. 6:13p
s:3<)p I Hsjward*. . 7Mrip
7:OOp • ! g»*»l
0-OOp < Rnns through to Nilcs. " lO:3Op •
ttlltlSpj tFromNiles^ tH2:UOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from S,\S FH4KCISCO— root of Market Strett (Slip 8)~
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00 *
•<:00 t5:00 *6:03 p.M. . . , "
rromO»KLiSD— orßroidwaj *6:00 i 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 JJ:OO *3:00 -tvOO
' •5:00 i-.m. .. •_
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. *
• Sundays excepted. \ Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. . *
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■TTueulays and Saturdays. ( Sundays and Thutidar*.
i SMFy«O& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. . .
Tiburpn Ferpy— Foot of Slarkat Jt.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: I3:1V
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. v. Thursdays— Extr» trl j
•l 11.30 p. m. siaturdays— Kxtra trips at I:3 J
and 11:30 r. v. ■ - ' • *
BCKDAVS— >:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30. 3:3*
6:(X), 6:2orit >::,.v
San Knfttel to '»i Krancloeo. '
i WEKK DAY»-6:IS. 7:50. 9:'.' O. 11:10 a. tt.'.
r« 12:45. 3:10, 6:10 P. M. '.Saturday*— ftxtat t'riaj
. . atl:ss p. K. and 0:35 P. v. . ' . . > ■ "
BTJNDAys— s:l<-. 9:4u, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:l*
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzea Parlc sams
schedule' as above.
; Leave j Tn »#»»-. Arrive .
Fan Francisco. o" t ? 14? can FranclBca
Wf.KK I Sn.v- i, c , It?nadon.1 t ?nadon. Sex- 1 Wkk
I>ays. 1 liAYs. "eatination. PAY s. | Days.
' 7:30 A»f 8:00 ami ; Novato, 10:40 a>i 8:40 a y
' S:HO pm ' t):30 am Pet&luma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ah
< 6:10 pm 5:00 pm . Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 p*
Fulton, '
! 7:30 Windsor. 10:25
Healdsburg, '
i yttori,
Gfyserville, " • ; ? :
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36 PM 6:22 p*
~j^ i PiPta, ,
: '•:"■.;■.-■ I • Hopland <Jt
7:30 am I 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:23 ph
I 7":»0AM " 10:257 i
. 8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:35 pm
j 3:30 pm I • . 6:22 p< •
I 7:30 am 8:00 All Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a*
and
6:10 PM 1 5:00 PM Glen Kll<*. 6:10 PM 6:22 P«
7:30 am|8:0» AMI s*hi«tonol i 10:40 am 1 10:2 .
3:3OPMjS:»O.PMi Daato P° l - [ b:10 pm| tf:S2PM
Staefs connect at Santa Rosa for Mar'v West
SprliiKs; at Ueyserville for Ska?;* Springs: at *
Clover^ale for tiie Geysers; at Pleta for Hi<nlanJ
Sprmßs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay nnd i.ak<-por:; ac
Hopland for Lalceport and Barttett Spring <; at
Uklah tor Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blui
Lakes, Laurel D«ll Lake. Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, I.lerley's, Buck-
nell's, sanhednn Heights. Hiillville, Boonevilla,
(jreenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mcndocino City,
Fort Bragg, ' Westport, TJsal, Willetg, Cahto. Co*
velo. Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Kurclca. .
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduosl
rates.
On Sundays ronnd-trlp tickets to all points u>
j ond san Rafael at half r»'.»»-
Tlcket Officps. 650 Market St., Oirr»niPl« bntldlnf.
- A. "W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAS,
. >'res. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Asent.
Atlantic
RAILROAD fcslii&ijßSKr
Trains leave anj arrirs at SjSxWHtgßQgjlfed
•Isxkbi-Sireei i'err/. a^K*^^S^£EP '
SAUTA FE EXPRESS.
Xo Chlca-jo via A. Jt r.^P^j^^QUTgg
: l«aves da ly a: 6 : op. m.. carrrlnr Pullcnan Palact • ]
i Drawlng-roum and .Modern hoi stared TourUi '
Bieeplng-oars. which ruu dally. through 10 Chicaea '
Tia Kansas City, abuj cars for Deuv.-r and at.
Lonls. . .
liot-on F.xcurslnns, v a Kansas City, ChlcaxcL
Montreal »nd the White .Mountains leave ever?
li e»day. . ' ■
The best railway from California te the Ems, ■
Kew rails, new lies: no dust: Interesting scenei*.
I ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San FrancMco Ticket Offlce, 644 Marktt
, Bt., Chronicle I'.uildlng. TelnphnnoMala
I lO3i. OakUud, 1118 BroaUway.
KORTH PACIFIC! COAST RAILROAD
, : (Via Sausalito Ferryj.
iTrom San Francisco, Commencing Sepu 13, 189 i .
"j WEEKDAYS. '/ \ ..
I I'or Mill Valley anunan Kam-»'l— *7 :25. '3:15.
11: 0 a.m. »1:45, 3:4*>, *5:16. *»:4j,6:3') p.m.
■ Extra trips for B*n ilaf.t>-l on Mondays. Wedn.-a-
days and baturdaysa: ll:ao p. is.'
. suxDAvs. :*;•;;
For Mill Valley nnd Srn: l'afael— *B:oo. »10:00
•ll:3v> >. m. : *l;>0, 3:00, *4:SO, 6:16 P. M.
Trains marked • run to iun Uuentin.
THROUOH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. m.
>\eekdiys. 8:00 a. m Sundays, l:4o p. m.. -aiur-
days. ;
:« r Or Caz»dpro and wav stations— 7 a. m. eek-
days; 1:45 p. m. >aiurdays. . ■- -
TOE SA.\ FRii\C;S(O Al!fi> SAX JDAQUIJ
VALLEIf MitWAI COMPAAI.
FKOM JANUARY 31, 1897, passenger • trains
«11. run daily: ■ . -■ :■ .
bonthbound." ; stationi. Xorthboao(L
• 7:2 » a." M ;..... Siockton ...... 6:40 ?. m.
:•' 9:49 a.m.::.:.'...: Merced... 8:14p m.
11::0 a m...... i Fresno::.." 1:10 p. m.
--. For Inierm*>iliate«ta:lons tine-table.
Connecting ste:>mboatH vt the (J. N. & I. Ca
\eave San F*-au isro a <i Mo'kt'in nt 6 r m. dally.
WIT TAMALPAIS.
.Trains conmrct with North Paelfll
Const Kallroad. • . •■■ ' -, - • t m f""
WKKK J>AYtt-i#ave aF. 9:1% a. k 1-4% - -
Keturnlnc— Arrive a. *■'. 3:25 p m. : fl'*n » w
BUJSD.AYS- B.F.BA.vll:aol? M 6 I .i
Retornln -ArriveS.F.l:l6p.M 4:2opm' 7'si pil
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ••'
I 11 Ui Valley tod tlouoi luiuajpais bcealo nsllwWiMENACE TO
MIDDLEMEN
Plans to Build Two Swift
River Sternwheel
SteameTS.
TO PLY ON SACRAMENTO
RIVER.
They Will Bring Farm Produce
Direct to Oakland, Exc.udiDg
San Francisco.
INTENDED TO SAVE MUCH
HANDLING.
: .\ ; Edsoa Adams S<ys That the Plan Is
. ■. . ; Not Yet Cc'mp etc, but Is Accept
:;. ..':':_ ;■.■'■•■ //;-able -to Merchants.
■:■'■■ •.:•"■• ••• Oaklan.d ; .Office San Francisco Call,)
■ • ,;■:■'...)■ \.', '.■'■:'■■:'■.■".' 908 Broadway, Feb. 28. > -
JMans are being gradually developed for
/; greatly. improving- ihe waterfront. The
: .. "■:.-.' ']:' present proposition includes the building
.°.s">'.V' > '/''<of'ftu«lioasn on the water front for c0m
..;•..: jpiissioh men. the building of swift river
: ..:■'.' stea.niers K> ply between Oakland and the
Sacramento River towns and the doing
. ' ;■ "j .■:• ; .aw : ay' with life business of the San Fran
..■ . " !cisco"..'middlemaa so far as concerns Oak
"'.'.;.; .".' : : .land trade, .
■ ." Since the electric-road was opened on
. Eleventh stvee.t the commission men have
.•■;•. .""■.;. "beep greatly inconvenienced. Their busi
'!." V. •'.•:'..' ■■•ness" is increasing all the time, and the
... .necessity for having a broad thorough
. .-.; ■ . ' fare for the heavy produce wagons is also
.••;• ■■"increasing;. This cannot te had under
..: .."present conditions, and the commission
'...*•"._. ; "• • men on the sireet, who a few months ago
were all confined to Eleventh street, be
'■'\\-\ t'ween Washington and Broadway, are
:.■."■:'•■.■■ '. 'p"e"r.tiirbed. Now commission niercnants
..'.'■■''■■' -.- have sprung up ali over town, and there is
'"•■*-. .. : .-;•'; a general desire to locate where all can se
.'■;: ■.">:' Gii-re accomrrioJatjons.
■ '■■['.: : • When the Adams wharves were opened
■■■■•'.•'• "• .. r.esotiatious were commenced with the
'•"••.:".'■ ■ '. i ■opimission men and the plan was pro
. " ■"■-•' : posen to open up spacious quarters on the i
. •■■:.- water iro.nt where the produce can be'
.•.'. .landed and much handiinjr stved.
. . - ;.. i'uchof ih* produce placed in Oakland
>'•.•■;-. ..ccnies from the. Sacramento river towns
•;.-.■•--. .and goe? to San. Francisco. There it is
• • ; - ■'/.•:•• Bandied by the middlemen and brought
-. .; ;..:. -to Oakland by the commission men who
■ ■' ;'. •.-•• ■ ■ i; ■) business in this ciiy. Tue proposed
: )■ an, is to build two swfit river steamers
..•;., '••...■■. that will bring the produce di
. Vj.;- ; . tecs to the Oakland wharves. This will!
■.:;; •' l. , divert a good share of trade from the San
./ . : Francisco side of the bay and will also
,; . .". take a share of the trade from the San
: :'". ■ ■ Francisco and Sacramento boats.
.:".-. : "'This plan is being gradually worked
;':.■"'■•' out;" a»id Edson Adams, oresident of the
•r. ■-...- .'• wharf company to-night, "but we have
... V . not yet gone co far as to contract for" any
• •.•'■.". ■ s.:eamers. We : are working on the scheme
,'V ... .pnd.it is proviiig very acceptable to the
•;-l'." corrimissiou men. Withtri the next few
■'•'•.. : • day-* our plans will' have matured, but I
• ; •• ... cannot tell just now exactly what they
.-■.•■■ ...will be;"
WENDTE AND LAW WRONG
Unitarianism Has No Flace in
".■ ••".i"...' ■ the Institution of
:>'-V Ebsil.
V;-. :' A Lady Director Says the Doctor Is
Too Liberal and He Throws
•.; ••; ;■■"_; ■'■'"_' Bouquets at Unitarians.
.-; : Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
;•;! -■>;■;•;-. 903 Broadway, Feb. 27. }
".'•■....]• The article published in The Call yes
../) ' ■■••. terday from Rector Law's church pamph
. : ':■!'/.' let. has created considerable interest
. . \ aniong .the Ebell ladies and Dr. Wendte.
. Mrs. W. H. Friend, one of the directors
J ■:,? '. '• .of the Ebeli Club, said to-day: "This is
•'■._:. ■'•,•''. really too bad. The Ebeil is a non-secta
■;':..." ria.n' literary and social organization, and
; . : .'• for Mr. Wendte to claim it as Unitarian,
: " or for Mr. Liw to issue suca a statement
• ■>■•'• -is wrong. Mr. Wendte in being liberal
■ too often claims everything, when we who
. ■. know him know he does not mean this.
■;•• v .' Mr. Wendte has shown bad taste and I
" ."•.:'. have bad numerons members this week
. wanting a card published denying it. I
lokt them that every one in Oakland
: . ;• . ..knew that Mr. Wendto frequently went
'"'.•.- beyond his righis in his bombastic way,
■".'. . • •• and t'b'at we should pay no attention to
;•". ."..:. [him, Ttiey insisted that the opinion went
('. abroad throughout the State that we were
Unitarian.
■ "It is laughable, however, to see the
•predicament Mr. Wendte has placed him
self in, an>i I >hall watch 10 see how i.c
•■.;■. gets out. Tne leading SD'.rii In the organ
. • ization of Fabioia. which Mr. Wendte also
■; ■' tays is a Uniianan institution, was Dr.
feehridpe, a Presbyterian, an>l the first
r res.deiu and honored head of Fubiola is
Mrs. KirKhain, an Epijcopalian. Mrs.
Yule, the active head, is a Unnarian, but
her bei.ei cut no figure in her election.'.'
"I am surprised at Mr. Law's misrepre
sentation of my meaning," sa;d Dr.
Wend c to-day. "Unitarians are distin
guished for their warm interest in unsec
tarian charities. Among these in Oakland
ere the EOell Society, ;ne Chabot Homp,
the Fab:ola Hospital and the Siarr King
Fraternity ana others. Ir these societies
are in any large degree officered and in
fluenced by their Unitarian members it is
eureJy not for any theological reason, but
because they happen to be people of
brains, resources, energy and sell-sacrifice.
1 have never heard it questioned
that Unitarians • are apt to possess
these qualities*. Episcopalian clergy
men encourage working in purely
church c annels of activity. They seek
to withdraw their members from associa
tions on equal terms with other Chris
tians in charittfb'.e, liierary and social en
terprises. Not all Episcopalians, however,
are of this exclusive Blind, Both among
their clergy ami laity are noble illustia
tions of breaith, true catholicity and
Christian spirit.
"I had always supposed Mr. Law to
belong to this last sctiool and am sorry
(indeed to find him sounding the warcry
of sect and urging his brightest parishion
ers to narrow their public activities to
strictly church' lines." • ."
DR. ALGER'S SERMON.
Tho Ni>! cil Boston Divine and Author
Hpeaku HefoTe tho Berkeley
Unitarian Society.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 28.— Dr. Wil
liam R. Alger, the noted Boston divine
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
and author, who is to occupy the pulpit of
.the Berkeley ■ Unitarian Society for the
present, preached his first sermon this
morning to a large audience. The topic
of his initial address was "The Causes
Why Men Fail in Life."
ltseemed to Dr. Alger that the prime
reason for the failures of men is that they
forget the teachings of the Bible nnd their
duty ;o their felow b-'ines. His whole
sermon may be summed up in these few
words.
To«laborate his text he. drew from his
tory, philosophy, from pure reason and
from incident-* of, every-day life. He said:
The victim of any sin "who is rrappy in his
vice will not try to extricate himself so long
as he does not see the error of his way, but
once stirred up to « realization of his condition
he will rise and shake c.ff his shackles of evil.
In every age tliere have been examples and
models of purity and sinlessness. If we allow
ourselves to settle complacently into a way of
sin and misery it is not because we have not
had a better example set for us in the past.
Power alone is not the standard of worth,
but fidelity also. The humblest man on earth
Ifhe does his best, will have as high a position
in the eyes of God as the most brilliant and
knowing man ihat ever lived to give forth his
wisdom.
Under the pressure of the world man is apt
to choose the way of vice and folly rather than
th^uayof wisdom.
There are multitudes of people' who & r e
satisfied with their position' in life; satisfjed
In being on h level with their neighbors,
while they should for their, best and highest
good, look forward to higher aspirations,- eveu
to infiuitudo. .
If we always remember -what we ought to
remember, we shall never go astray. Never
lament anything which is irretrievably lost.
How.many a premise and supplication to the
Ainiignty have gone up from beds of sickness
and disease, whico have been forgotten when
health was restored.
. .Every defect of memory in general depends
on one of three cause?; the first is a low condi
tion of the Ji ore an J cellular struc-tureof tlie
brain ; the second is the lack of a system < f co
ordination in the intellect; the third is au in
difference as 10 the aptitude of things.
IS McALLISTER ALIVE?
Hs Wife Writes That H; Is
• • ' Now Preaching in
Kansas. . ; .
A Story of Mystery, the Solution
:. ■' of Which I? Wcrtny of a
•Priza.- . •
• • Oakland' Office San Fraxcisco Calj,,)
.. 908 Broadway, Feb. 28. J
' Is Evangelist McAllister dead? His
friends say he is, but his wife says he is not.
A most remarkab c state el affair's ex
ists regarding the Rev. Aaron McAllister,
the well-known evangelist who was in
this city some time a^o, and who has a
large number of friends here. A few
weeKs ago a report was prmted stating
that McAllister had commitfed suic at
I Denver. This report was sent to Denver
for confirmation by Mrs. Jennie Were of
this city and sbe received the following
reply Irom Mrs. Alice Gfcenwell of Ozden
City: ' • ..
Yes It was Mr. McAllister who killed himself;
He stayed in Ogden qune a while and was up
to see me' oiten and uined wi";h us every Sun- !
clay. 1 thought him very nice find sinp.rt. |
He left here say.ng he was going to Denver ,
and it It was the Lurd's will theFe uotild .be a-
I way opened up lot h:s wife and son to come to j
! him. 1 hear they aiii come and we c seen In '
Oeden. But if so they did not come to see
me. The next I heard of him was that he was
in Salt Lake Uitj actiug queerly af the Walker
Hotel. Afterward he came to Ojjden and sat
on tbe courthouse steps and cut his throat..
He wastaten to the hospital and his throat
was sewed up, and he was getting along nicely
when he took, his bands and tore., his throat
open again. :He was as crazy as possible, talli
ing of going to heaven on a lovely hill covered
with immense trees and peope sitting on the
■boughs. He did not 'know me and eald his
| name was Davis. We could not. find any trace
of JDavis' or McAllister's wife. Do you know
where she is living?
Mrs. Were knew where Mrs. McAllister
was staying, and has received a letter con-
I taming tha following:
Well, dear sister, they have gotout an evil
report this time." When 1 lirst read the story
from Oakland primed in the papers 1 was
filled with horror. When I thought that for
s-ome wife or mother the thing is true my
heart ached for her. ' My husband has written
,to tne Chief of Police, telling him that he has |
neither suicided nor returned to O^den. mid
also n request to tbe hiamiucr asking that
Paper to c»r:ect th^ false statement of murder
and suicide made" by them. . ,
.Mr. McAJlister is holding a aeries of meet
ings in a hall here and the interest is ri -a;.
* •■ • Yours,' '» ! ; : Rosa McAllister.
Wichita, Khus.
It is very certain that Evangelist McAl
lister is still alive and at active work, but
there is a mystery surroundin • the. Ogden
suicide, which many of McAllister's
friends declare was.he. V.*,^ 1
ANTI-SALOON CRUSADE.
It Is Advccat3d Frcm a Score
of Pulpits in Oakland
Churches.
A Ssries of Mass-Meetings Will B
Opened Monday and Continue
Till Election. ■
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908-Broa.iway, Feb. 28. f
From a dozen pulpits to-day the crusade
a ainst the saloon was actively carried on.
While over a .score of pastors touched on
tlie matter many devoted their whole ad
dress to the necessity for taking vigorous
action during the coming week.
The matter was placed belore tli^ vari
ous congregations in all its phases, and
probably during the day not less than
8000 people heard the closing of saloons
advocated.
The pastors who gavo the matter their
particular attent.on wre Rev. Drs. Ellin,
Coyle, Chapman, Kummer and Revs. S.
8. Palmer, .hunes Small, Philip Graif, C.
M. Hill and C. H. Hobart.
This af;ernooii there was a largely at
tended meeting at the Y. M. C. A. Hall
auditorium. Many of the pastors made
addresses, and the young men pledged
themselves to further the campaign by all
the means in their power.
C. H. Hobart. chairman of the commit
tee that appo:nled the campaign commit
tee of fourteen, clearly outlined the stand
of the anti-saloon party.
"We have arrived ai a period when we
have to fight," said he. '•'lbis campaign
is not a political one; it is a moral one,
and it has been forced upon us. We have
been controlled and governed by the
saloon men long enough, ana now we
must liberate ourselves. Our city has
been rnled from the back rooms of saloons
and our rights have been trampled upon,
and now we are cowards if we do not light
back. We can get alon;; without jne sa
loons, and if the majority do not want
them they will have to tro."
Judge Havens, Dr. E. S. Chapman and
Rev. C. H. Hobart have been chosen as
speakers for the mass-rueeting to-morrow
night.
Another <i.am Ann.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Feb. 28. —While
playing bast-bill at Haywards to-day
George Rasmussen broke his arm, He
was pitching at. the time, and an exam
ination showed tbat it was fractured in
two places. The came was between the
Hay ward s and Mount Kdens."
TO CUKK A COLD IN ONE DAY.*
Take latatire Broino Quinine Tablets. All drue
tisis H-iuuu Uxe money v it luib 10 cure, &>c,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
WHO INFORMED
SENATOR FRYE?
Evidently Some Influence
Against Oakland at
Washington.
Merchants Gad Politics Are to
Have a Long Rest After
Monday. .
More Truths Than. Thosa From the
P.atform Uttered at Mr..
Henry's Banquet.
Oakland Office Pan Fkaxcisco Cam,,)
908 Broadway, Feb. '28. J
Those merchants who have been tight
ing for the improvement of the water
front were considerably surprised on Fri
day to see a- dispatch from Washington,
statinp that Sena.tor Frye had made the
.argument that the appropriation- for fin
ishing the harbor was jiot justified by the
accruing benefits to commerce. Senator
Frye's informant, whoever he is, certainly
knows nothing of Oakland harbor, or else
had a motive in misinforming the Sen
ator.
' Thie harbor has been bnt : partially deep
ened and there are- but few wharves, yet
in spite of these disadvantages more ship
pine has. attempted to come at times thah
could be accommodated. A few months
ago heavy investments were made at the
foot of Oak street and spacious wharves
and modern coal-bunkers were huilt.
They have b?en in active operaiion ever
since they were completed and contracts
are now been drawn for additional wharf
age. • • .
This same spirit will certainly animate
property-owners all along the front when
the harbor is completed, and with the de
velop-nienls at Coml Hollow, which un
doubtedly contemplate a terminal in this
city, there can be no argument advanced
that the appropriation for deepening the
channel will not be a useful and wise ex
penditure.
One week more of agony and merchants
and politicians can alike rejoice. For
several months every thing has been dis
organized by various political campaigns,
and the ordinary merchants as well'as the
active poliilcian see eighteen months of
peace after next Monday. Oakland is a
city of parts, and each part is sacred unto
ilseif. To unite them socially, religi
ously, poluicaliy'or commercially is a task
worthy the ambition of her best-citizens.
Many iiave tried : it and failed, and have
gone down with their failure.
• At this particular time this disunion of
elements is more apparent than ever, and
.smart .indeed is the man who knoweth
where he standeth. During the coming,
•week the experience of a iar r e number of'
citizens will be positively painful. Al
though many care not a fig for politics
they are driven into positions where they
must take a hand one way or the other,
•and t-hey are continually ftudying how to'
extricate ttiem-elvea from the dilemma.
As a matter of 'act probably not one
hundred votes will De changed from the
present intention of the voters during the
whole ol next week, yet there will oe the
usual turmoil of speeches, lectures, secret
circulars and all the unhealthy excitement
so paralyzing to business that is attend
ant to a municipal campaign.
After the election all Oakland will thank
the Deity that politics and politicians have
adjourned.
There was a free-for-all banquet last
night at the Henry House. Xhe owner is
running as an independent candidate for
Mayor, which office he once filled very ac
ceptably before he was quite -*o rich as he
is now. The repast was served by ladies
and it was greatly enjuyed. Many score
of honest workingmen partook of the
good things and were sincere in thanking
Mr. Henry for his generosity. Then came
the campaign meeting, presided over by
Colonel J. P. McE;rjy-. late president of
the Army and Nivy Republican League.
He was assisted by Oregon Banners. Colo
nel Tom Pearson and C. Felix Lafon, who
made speeches.
Colonel Pearson, the colored . orator,
stated that be was- fond of Mr. Henry
"because he is a man easy to the approach
of all classes," and prophesied tnat he
would "receive a majority next Monday
that will astonish tho natives from
Siskiyou to San Dego." .
The bajquet was all right, so were the
speeches, but the • two together were
deceptive. There was quite a crowd, but
not one-fourth will vote for A. C. Henry.
Several veterans were present, who are as
loyal- to Captain Thomas, the Republican
candidate, as his own lami y. The ban
quet drew a crowd, but tho comments in.
the audience differed widely from the
lemarks ut ered on the piatiorm, and t:je.
whole affair wil be remembered as one of
the greatest jokes of the campaign.
Stuart W. Booth.
HOW SHALL THE
MONEY BE SPENT?
This Question Now Con
fronts the Faculty and Re
gents of the University.
Demands for Assistance Come
From All Departments, Es
pecially the Scientific.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 28.— Now that
the long anticipated and much needed ap
propriation for the State University haa
been made and the din of loud rejoicing
is dying away the regents and faculty are
confronted with the problem as to where
and how their new allowance shail be
spent to tho best advantage. In April,
when th« lirst tax levy ol the year be
comes dv?, one-half of the additional rev
enue of $ 120,000 will be available, and then
in October, 'when the last payment comes
in, the remaining $60,000 will beat the dis
posal of tho university. Tie immediate
needs of the institution are so great that
it is a difficult matter to determine where
to begin and bow far to go in the expendi
ture of the money.
More instructors are necessa.ry, new
equipment is required, and os a conse
quence of these two needs new buildings
must be had in order to accommodate the
new teaching lores and the added ap
para.tus. To bring matter* to a focus
President Kellogg has issued a circular
requestiug each head, professor to submit
a statement of the actual needs of his de
partment as regards instruction room and
apparatus.
In reviewing the situation the president
has this to «uy :
In the first place, there needs to be a large
i-ncrease of the number of instructors! Tne
faculty was none too large in 1890. In 1896
it has not doubled, but the number of studeuts
has more than trebled. To have- kept'nace
with the growth- of the classes the teaching
staff should be at least one-half larger than it
is. This means that we ought to appoint some
fifty or more instructor's. If they received -but
if 1000 a year the increase would absorb $50,
--000. very nearly as much as the allotted half
cent will give us. But we want many men
wno roust receive more than $1000, as all
school boards must know which cannot get a
head-master for anything like that amount.
Fifty men will be appointed as an addition
to our lorce; we shall still be short-handed in
importrnt deDmtments of . Instruction. I
could name a dozen places that ought to be
filled, but which must go beggiug for many
years to .come.
A prosperous university Is always in need of
new instruction. The modern methods of in
struction are more and more exacting. Espe
cially is it true that the natural sciences de
mand more time, more space, a greater labor
atory equipment, and of Course more and more
expert instructors.
Half of the new appropriation is to go for
buildings and other permanent improvements.
The need of all these can be seen with haif a
glance. Our buildings have not increased for
the last six years. Iv 1890 they were well
filled? in 1897 they arc over and over and
over lull. The same space as before and three
times as many students.
We need many new classrooms right away.
The new instructors who do come in cannot
be accommodated in the rooms, that are now
"fuller than Tucker's gun." The young
women -are deplorably lacking in suitable
quarters. ' The gymnasium is altogether in
sufficient for alltheclastesin physical culture.
■ The military department has for years been
cal ins loudly for more space. The chemical,
physical, botanical And biological laboratories
are all overcrowded. Drawing and industrial
arc are miserab.y cramped. These are not
half of our Immediate needs.
But are wo riot promised fine buildings by
Mrs. Hearst and others? Very true, but their
plans rnnture slowly, and wo caunot wait for
their execution/ If a few fine buildings are
put up they will be specially devoted to a few
uses, and most of the departments willgtili be
left in the lurch.
Tho half cent- allotted for "permanent im
provements" will not t.uild' many buildings
worthy to take (heir places in the "grand
plan." But if will help us out of our worst
difficulties and carry us along till other gener
ous benefactors shall add their monumental
gifis.
Too much money? Ohl we want a great
deal more. But tuis is what we asked, and our '
thanks are due to the representatives of the
people who have so generously met the wants
of tneir university.
URGED TO ACTION.
Public Building for the Kncinal City
Demanded of the Congressional
Delegation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 28.— The $100,000
Posioffice building promised prior to the
election, has not materalized, and the ques
.tion now "What is Deing done toward
securing it?'
• One of -tho strongest arguments made
before tne election in favor of the winning
candidate was the influence he would
have to lecure a public building for Ala
meda after so long a term. * ;*; \-. : v
Since then notning has been heard of
the affair save the ret ort that it had been
reported upon favorably in the commit
tee. • . . , :^-': :
The Call's stand for action in Ban
Francisco" has" arouseu public interest
herein behalf of the proposed appropria
tion, and if me representative in Congress i
romes home without an appropriation for
Aiannda he-may tind a chilly atmosphere
in Alamoda. Steps will be taken to urge
upon him ihe necessity of action. '
• : — • ><j — •
At the Macdonbugh. •
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— T0-morrow
night Charles Hopper- as Chimmie. Fad- |
den will begin a two nights' engagement I
at the Mac .onougtr Theater. The sale of
seats is very large, r a{J(l no donb: the Mac
donougb will be tested to its full capacity.
The Juvenile Cinderella Company ap-
Dears Friday and Saturday nights, and
Fanny Kice follows. . f-r,-'.-:-
Reliance Ladles' Night.
• OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 28.— The Reli
ance Club will give one of its popular La-*
dies' nighis on Wednesday cv nincr, and
on Friday evening there will be a Gentle
mens' night. The attractions for the lat
ter will be an 8-round exhibition between
Harry Woods * and W chael McCormick,.
and another between Eiiward O'Maliaand'
Caarics Gough. •
Death of an Old Benident.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— Samuel J.
Stepn-ens, wno caiiie to this coast in 1858,
died to-night ai his home on Eighteenth
street. He was a native of Marylan I and
was for years an auc ioneer in San Fran
ci-co. He was a member of ssve-ral or
ders and leaves a large family;
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
A Splendid Racing Card for the Open
"lnc l)ay of the
Week. . • •
Ingleside Track is out with another very
attractive programme of seven events tor
this afternoon's sport. The majority of
the^entries do not convey an impression
of. the "crab" species and gome excellent
racing should be. witnessed.
The entries are as follows: "
Firs'- race, one lie.
50 Mis* P.uth. ...1(9: 607 Bluebell 109
611 < harlemagne .. 9-J Bin Play Boy 94
605 Dennis.. lit) 617' Tar Tartar.lll
til Brarneita ...... 105 617 Japonic*. 105
648 Last nance. ..108 617 Quantrelt. 96
584'Mambeaui:Ue*.'*l b 9 l-ady Hurst. 101
581 Franco 107 ell Fnl.ip H...:.... 93
590 Imp.' Trance... 109 1 487 Tieu bery....:;105
Second race, leven-elgh of a mile, spiling. '
579 Two Cheers 1 IS] 613 Mosler .".... 110
.605. Hotspur 116' 605 Meadow LarK.ll.H
85 Artist ........ ...1.6 s<o Whlies:oue.....ll6
.... '10were51.......113 581 Favory. ...:.. lit}
5»7 Camelia :..'..*.. 108 613 O'r.ie a.........11«
617 Koadrunner...:.ll6 614 Tuxedo.;.:...'.. 113
Third race, seven-elfththi'of a mile, selling. - -."
605 Msjor C00ic....113' 498 Fortutia.: 11l
578 Kuc1n0... ....... IJBI ,679 Babe Murphy.. 11l
• flu Ma5>er0........D0 bo 9 Uiiiw I'er .111
60:> \Voodchopper..ll6 6.8 Double Quick.. 113
t>ls MaVjorle 108| 508 Kchnltz i 13
(6la)Mamle Scott. ..ill 569 Uaylt ht 113
619 McWght........116 60^ Potentate,.-.... 1ia
(593)Frunk X ...... llb| V
Fourth race, three-aaartsrs of a mfe. •
(6J6)0e0 ge Miller. 1«> 6isAppliuse ...... 106
(6<7)Ce1050....... 89 : »>O4 hurst 106
(231)Midllglit ...... 9 1 616-Hezjrd -..10i
(60'2)Santa lleila 110| .
-Fifth race ooeand a sixteenth miles, selling.
01« Benumela 108; 603 Peter 11. '....:.. 109
814 JLeonv ...:.. 108 601 Perseus ........102
< 604 Lincoln 11..... 91| •
Slx.h race, five-eighths of a mile, three-year
olds.
. 607 Sepoy. U«! 609 Tru» 81ue. .....114
619 Meicutlo 115J) 615 Kiveet William. 122
177 Keel.. 112 i.41 Woo.llandßei.elo7
(t>l3)Basquil 122 I (tsll)Anabasls. 112
610 -Major FludJ...»o4| .... fit. Dlst.ff ....104
661 AUzan..... 11* 607 1 aura 8urt....107
609 The sinner..... 119 .... 5atyr... ........ 104
Seventh race, one mile. '
619 *ti-nt0r.....:..U08 608 1i0gan......^...124
(6 8)Imp. 1vy.. .....119 616 Miss K055.;....105
692 1mr00u5.......11l 612 Col. Wheeler... 98
606 Jack o'Lanternli-3 609 Salvation ......124
6b4 hcmltar.. •.*.;.: 10 61a InsUgator......llO
613 ban Marco.,... 120 ',
SKLECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
Firgt race— Treachery, Tar and Tartar,
imp- ,Xrance» ';, ■. ..:':'.'. -'J. '■'."' ■ .'.'..>•
Second race -Two Cheers,* Whiteatone,
Meadow L»rk. . . '■ ■'.", ,
Third Masoero, Double Quick,
Major took . . v:
Fourth • Celogo, ' Santa Bella ;
Grejharit.
■ Fifth race— Lincoln 11, Benamela,Per
• ens ' ■; .'^ ; ■• ;;; : j'
-Sixth race— True Blue, The Sinner,
Siree"t William. ' - , • # ;
. Seventh race— Salvation, Stentor, Col. ■
Wheeler. .'_ " • • f- < j
"..*' ' :" -~Z — ; — „•.- *- •- —^~~" ■ . ■ ■'■ . }"i}i \
■ A London chemist, who analyzed a sam
ple of "hair restorer," sold, at half a crown
(or a two-ounce bottle, found it contain
only common water, with : traces of salt,
and ange extract. -•■ -.-'. . n, : .'*.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
A Slight Improvement Is
Noted in the Busi
ness.
Some Important Sales in City
and Country Property
Effected.
The Torrens Land System as Adpted
Throughout Australia, N w Z a
land and British Columbia.
More general and genial- demand for prop
erty has characterized the real estate market
during the past week or two thap has been the
cage for a similar period during several
months. This Is shown in the number of
transactions of greater or less magnitude, and
not only in this, but also in the improvement
o.f suburban locations Is a better feeling mani
fested. Last month business may properly be
considered good in the light of what has gone
before In the summer and au umn months,
and from present indications and reports the
future will furnish evidence of inherent
strength in the situation fuliy as conclusive.
The majority of transactions denote the pur
chases are made for a strictly pure investment, '
the market being almost devoid of the ele
ments of speculation, except perhaps for
property in certain locations bordering on the
extensions of recently constructed electrrc
roads. But there Is nothing, tangible upon
which-to base this assertion, which is only
the expressed opinion of the dealers in this
class of property.
The Torrens land bill now before the Assem
bly has created much adverse criticism among
real estate brokers. The majority of them,
however, believe that if the bill is passed it
will establish a system that will when once
in full operation put an end to all uncertainty
in regard to land titles. The lollowing Is a
brief description of the Torrens land system
of the transfers of realty.:
The registry of land according to the Tor
rens system, which has been adopted-tnrough
out Australia, New Zealand and British Co
lumbia, clears all fair and hot est titles, re
moves all existing clouds and gives the occu
pant wnose title passes the examination
indt-ieasible posbessio'u, and at the same line
rendering the futuro transfer or conveyance
of the land as bimpleend as ready as the trans
fer of a share of railway or factory stock now
is in this country, and reduces the cost of con
veyance to a very small sum.
in Australia the method of procedure is de
scribed as follows:
Under the Torrens land transfer system the
Government guarantees an indefeasible title.
One of the essential features ol this lend trans
fer is the creation of nn officer terme 1 Regis
trar of .Tit es, with judicial power to pass
finally and cojclusively upon lue title to land,
not only upon the. original application for
bringing it within the provisions of the act
but also upon subsequent transfer or trans'
mission of said property.
The person in whom the fee is claimed to be
vested m:iy, apply to have the land placed in
the registry of ti le's. These applications, to
gether with the deeds, evidences and abstracts
of title, accompanied hy plans ol the land, are
submitted for examination to v barrister and
to ii conveyancer, who are styled examiners of
titles, uho examine the titie ext ctly as they
would on' bebal of an linemlins,' purchn.-er,
if the title were not to.be registered. The re
port of the examination is then reported to
the Registrar, li the title is a good holding
the application is admitted and otherwise re
jected.
Ii there Is evidence of a title wanting, of
'which the owner can compel completion, no
tices correapoudlng in many respects to those
n quired by our Probate Couns ac served,
according to ihe nature of the case, on any
person l.ikely to be interested in law or equity
wtio has not joined in the application, n ■ <"l
upon owners . and occu-iers of contiguous
lands. These notices set forth the purport of
the application, and intimate that unless ob
jections are made by lodging a caveat witMn
the time prescribed by the Registrar the land
will be brought under the provision of the act
and an rndef^asible title granted to the appli
cants. If within the time a caveat is lodged,
the action of th* Registrar is suspended until
the caveat is withdrawn or uutil a final judg
ment of the Supreme Court can be obtained
upon the question raised. The .notices are
given by publication and are complete and
final.
The certificates of title are 'lssued in dupli
cate. They set forth the nature of the estnte of
the applicant with a fee simple or a. limited
ownersnip; they notify by memorial? in
dorsed, ail lesser estates, leases, charges, ease
ments, rights or other interests current or
affecting tne land at that time.
Applicants are not put to the expense o?.put
ting the parapheDalia 6f acoirtof justice in
motion uiik-ss there ue some adverse claim to
be adjudicated upon.
It is claimed for this system that the wealth
of the country is added to by restoring
many blocks of land which might have b'-eu
deprived of tuis special value by technical de
fects and uncertainties attaching titles.
The rules in respect to the registration of
mortgages are also simple.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were sixty-seven deeds placed on rec
ord the past week.
The mortgages for the same time numbered
eighty-nine, aggregating $4-23,021. Among
them the'more important were ilie following:
By the Enterprise Mutual Building and Loan
Association to Mary L. .-rinp.iih $8000 fur one
year at 7 Der cent on property on the soutn
line o( O'Farrell street 175 feet east of Lagu >a,
east 25x120 feet; by the French Ba k io Wil
liam J. Newman and J. B. Reinstein $5000 for
one year at (>?£ per cent on property on
the north line of racfic avenue
148:1 feet west of Baker, 100x132:4 feet;
by the Hibernia Bank to Jeremiah sad Alice
E. Luwney, $9600 for one yenr at C>J£ per cent
O ■ property on the southwest corner of Twen
ty-ninth street and San Jose HVenue, west
1*46:71^, soutn 114, east 101:6, northeast
126:6, and on the southeast ltne of Mission,
100 feet southwest of Seventh street, south
we>t 25 by southeast 85; by Lippman S^chs to
the estate of William Goldstein, Emanuel W.,
G»orge W. and Joseph W. Goldstein, Henrietta
Markewltz, Carolina AHenberg .and Addle
T*u enheimer, $14,000 for two years at 7 per
cent, on property on the southeast corner of
California and Quincy, east 53:6 by snuih 95;
bvthe Hibernia Bank to RU-hard F. Fletcher,
$6t>oo for one" year at 6}.< per cent, on prop
er, y on the south line of Thirteenth, 80 enst
of Valencia, east 40 by south 160: by the same
to Andrew McE roy, $7000 for one year at 6J-j
• per cent, on property ou the soutn line of Mc-
Allister. 162-:6 west of Goutrh, west 50 by
south ■l37:o; by the same to Henrietta I. Sel
by, $150,000 for one year at 6'^ per
cent, oa property on the nortuwe*t
lii o of Market, 141:7 southwest of
FranJtHti, southwest St&lOK west 17:3,
north 120, ea<t 21:9, south 1M:IM£: by the
same io Fernando Ke son, $'27,000 for one
year at 6V2 per Cent, on property on the south
east corner of Twentieth and Castro, east 459
by soutn 228; by the estate of A C. Whitco-nb
to Alexander W. and Rose Wils n, $65,000 for
three years at 6 per cent, on property on the
southwest corner of Turk and Taylor, west
137:6 by south 137:6; by George D. Wise to
the Union Park Land Company, $15,000 for
three years at 6 per cent, on property on the
northwest corner of School street and the
county road, west 20.34, north 11.45, east to
the county road and south to the point of
beginning, and certain landi in San Mateo
county; by the Hibernia iJ«-.k to Louise,
& M. L. and Marie A. F. Vorbe, $25,000
lor one year at 6% per cent on prop
erty on the southeast line of Mission,
175 northeast of Fourth, northeast
50 by southeast 100; by the same to
Washington L Taylor, $24,000 for one year at
(i\i per cent on property on the west line of
Battery. 92 :4U south of Pacific, south 113:10'^,
west 137:6, north 68:9, west 47:6, norm
45:1J^, east 185; by the Crocker Estate Com
pany to the Castro-street Laud Company
$75,'000t0 December 31, 1900; at 7 per cent on
99.94 acres beginning on the south line of
Thirtieth street, 207.50 west of Diamond, to
the west lino < 1 Bellevue-street, southeast to
the south line of Thirtieth street and north
east to the point of beginning; by the Hi
bernia Bank to OttoE. Falck. $8000 for one
year.at 6-£ per cent on property on the north
east corner of Nineteenth and Howard, north
60 by east 122:6; by the same to George
Schafer, $7500 lor one year at ti% per cent on
property on the west line of buotwell. 100
souih rf Fourteenth, south 100 by west 120.
1 he releases recorded during the week num
bered *ixly-three and were for a total of
$167,391. Among the larger ones were the
following:
From the German Bunk to Henrietta Selbr,
$32,000. on property on the northwest line of
Market street, 141:7 feet southwest of Frank
lin, loutliwest 25:10% west l;~}i, north
Auction Bales
BASCH AICTIOI COMPASI Inc.. .:'
319-321 SUTTKR STREET,
Bet. Grant Aye.and Sjockton St. " Tele. arantB7 %
I WILL, SELL. TUIS DAY,
aionday..... March 1, 1897,
At 10:30 o ClocK a. M"., at above rooms,
A Large Assortment of Fine Furniture. Uphol-
stery. Mirrors, Pictures; -Carpet*, Linoleum, Bed-
ding, Stoves, Ranges, Crockery, Glassware, etc.
. '• . . S. BASCH. Auctioneer. '
120, east 21:9, soutn 104:10J4; from
the Enterprise Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Mary L. Scnlam, $11,000, on
property on the north line of O'Farrell
street, 175 feefeast of Laguna, east 25x120;
from the German Bank to Albert J. Alien,
$10,000 on property in Mission bloc* 36, on
! the east line ol Guerrero street, 135 feet north
of Sixteenth, north 65, east 225:10, south 50,
west 112:11, south 15, west 112:11: from the
same to William H. and Anna D. Miner,
$10,500 on property in. Western Addition
block 197, on the south line of California,
154:8U east of Laguna, east 34:4^ by s>outh
137:6, and from G.W.Kline to the same,
$3500 on tne same property; from the German
BanktoHattie A. O'Bnen, $10,000 on prop
erty in Mission block 21, on the east live
of Steven>on street. 85- feet south of Her
mann, south 50 by ea»t 77:6: from the
same to Morris Brinn, $ 8000 on property in
Western Addition bkek 229. on the north
line of Ellis, 56:3 east oi Buchanan, east 31 :3
by north £>>>; from the same to "Ellen »ed Wu-.
liam T. Kearns, $6000 on property in West
ern Addition, block 8, on the north line of
Eddy street, 55 feel east of Polk, east 57:6 by
north 120; lrom Antoine Borel to Louis, S. M.
L. and Marie A. F. Votbe, $13,500 on prop
erty, in 50-vara block 228, consisting of an un
divided half inierest in the southwest corner
or Taylor and Turk stree's. west 137:6 by
south 137:6; from M. A. Dorn to A. W. and
Rose Wilson, $16,000 on property in 100-vara
block 363, on the southeast line of Mission
street, 175 feet northeast of Fourth, northeast
50 by southeast 100; from the Htbernia Bank
to W. S. Tnorne, $6000 on property in 100
--vara block 362, on tne southeast line of Stev
enson street, 135 feet .sou'hwest of Third,
southwest 40 by southeast 70.
NEWS IT : E>IS.
Contracts have been recorded for the build
ing of a cottage house on the west line of
Ninth avenue, 150 feet north oi I street, by
John F. Kitter.
W. H. Lawler is to build c two-story frame
residence on the northwest corner of Point
Lobos and Twenty-fifth avenues.
There is to be built b/ Catharine Wren a
5-room cottage on the north line of Waller
street, ninety feet east of Webster, to cost
$1570.
Martha A. Morrison has contracted for alter
ations and additions. to the/iwo-story building
on the north Hue of Fell street, 137:6 feet east
of Buchanan, to cost $2570.
A. Aronson recorded contracts during the
past week ior the carpentering work and
hardware in tne new building on the north
line of Geary street, 165 feet west of Powell.
The Citizens' Building and -Loan Association
■will hold its annual meeting 'to-morrow even
ing at 8 o'clock.
Colonel Charles F. Crocker has purchased
from William H. Howard his palatial country
resideuce known as "Uplands," comprising
some ninety-three- acres. Baldwin & Howell
were the pgents,' nnd the price is reported at
close to $150,000. The residence is situa ed
near Sa:i Mateo, about three-fourths of a mile
from the station, and is considered one of the
handsomest country residences on the. coast.
Russell J. Wilson has purcna 1 *"! -the re-ti
denie of William H. MiD«?r at 2025 Cillfornia
street, between Octavia and Laguua. The lot
has a frontag' 1 of 51:7 and a depth of 137:6,
and adjoins Wilson's place on the east, wit. i a
frontaee of 52:8. On th- Miner premises is a
three-story dwelling. The price puid by Wil
-Boa was $30,000. He intends to move the
house bought irom Miner eleven feet further
east and forward to ihe line of his own resi
dence, in order to afford the latter more
spuce and sunlight. He will also lower
tiie Miwer bui ding six feet by making
excavations and put it in good condi
tion. It is not unlikely that he will pl»ce
it and forty feet of the eastward part of the
property on the market, reserving for his own
use a California-street frontage of about 64
feet and a depth of 137:6. The property, lor
which Wilson paid $30,000, cost Miner $40.
--000. Shainwald, Buck bee & Co., were, the
brokers.
The same firm has made the following sales
recently : House and lot, 25x100, on the south
line of California street, uear Fifth avenue, to-
C. H. Pomeroy for $4000; a lot, 31:3x100, on
the nor; hwest corner of Fell and Lyon streets,
for $5000 ; Id and improvements at 510 Taylor
strvei, i.ear Geary, for $9500; a lot on the
nortneast corner of California street and Sixth
avenue for $2000, arid eight lots, 25x120, on
Thirty-second avenue, to Palache 6t Deveiln
for $1600 each.
A. il Speck & Co. will sell at auction on
March 18 a .number of very desirab c business
and residence properties; including several es
tates.
John D. Spreckels has purchased from Walter
S. Thorne the property om the northeast side
oi S evenson street, 135 feet norihwe^ of
Third. The lot has a fron age of forty ffte -t and
a depth <>f ninety. The piice paid is said to be'
about $15,000. CnarlesC. Bern is acted as broker
in the transaction.
The hand-ome residence of Mrs. Michael Cas
tle at the southwest corner of Washington a;.d
LaEUiir. street-- has been sold to Leon Guggeu;
hei m tor $40,000. The 1 t has a iront eeoi
62:8V4 W-v ou Laguna street and 137:6 on
Wa h.tigton.
Ihe block bounded by Hayes, Fell, Claytoi
and Cule streets has be.n piacedon the market
for sale In subdivisions by Charles J. camp
bell.
Plans have been compiled for O. E. Falch by
his architects ior a three-st.ry irame bui.dii.g
on the northeast cor. er of Howard and Nine
teenth strteis, to cost $9000.
Colonel George ¥.. llutfpir has sold his
famous Sobre Vista ranch m Smoma Cou-ity.
Rudolph Spreckeis is the purchaser, and the
pric • is reported to be In the' neighborhood of
$75 000. Tne property comprises/about 800
acres o the fin.s: land in the county of bo
norua, Lighb improved, with a great variety
of fruits. .
David Bush of the country department of G.
H. Umbsen & Co., acted as brocerin the trans
fer of the property.
A new real estate fir:n was inaugurated in
business in this City during the past week,
wnich intends to liunch rather extensively
into the field of land matters. The new con
cern, which will be" known as the firm of
Hooker and Lent, have taken the h«n<!«ome
offices at 14 Post street, and intend fitting them
ui> in most becoming .slyle. Mr. Lent is al
ready well known iv the real estate business
in this City, and Robert G. Booker, the other
member of the firm, Is a- Seattle man, h»viag
acted as cashier of the National Bankof Wash
ington for several years.
The Potrero Land and Improvement Com
pany announces that it will . coon resume
grading operations on the big hill- at Ken
tucky and Twentieth streets. Iv>st year the
company excavated 100,000 cubic yards out
of the hill and expect io do as much this year.
The company will begin this week the con
struction of a sewer in Alitinesota street, irom
Twentieth to Twenty-second, and will- also
sewer the crossing of Twenty-second and
Mission.
Grading and other work in the improvement
oi Alamo sq.'.i are will be began in a low days.
First avenue, from Golden Gate Park to the
Presidio, is. to be bituminized instead of mac
bu tin.zid. as was at first suggested.
" Baldwin & Howoll report the following re
cent sales: Lot and improvements on Polk
street, between Bu--h and Sutter, tor $20,000;
lot >nd improvements on the northwest: line
of Market street, 142 sou' hwest of Reservoir
(between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets),
50x100, for $21,000; lot and two-story resi
dence at 1326 Hayes street, 125 east of Brod
erick, 25x137:6, price $7500; cottage and lot
25x120 mi Second avenue, 225 south of Cali
fornia. $2950; .oton the west line of Vicks
burg str»-et. 65 »outh of Twenty-third, 30x
il7:0, $1200; lot on the south side of
Ciement »tree\ 105 west of Twenty
fifth avenue, 25x100, pr.ee $600; lot on
the west side oi Eleventh avenue, 250 feet
north of California street, 25x120, price $725;
lot "ii north side of California street, 136 teet
east of Third avenue, 25x108. price $1J5O; lot
on the east line of Fourth aveuue, 225 feet
south of Lake street, 25x120, price $105 J; lot
ou the east line of Eighth avenue, 130 feet
north of C street, 78x120, pr.ca $1800. This
firm has also so.d for account of L. Llpman
thirty lots In the block bounded by H and I
streets and Ninth and Tenth avenues, nearly
all of which have been sold in the paßt six: '
days, ««t prices ranging from $750 to $1100
each. Ten lots have been sold iv the Castro
street addition during- February, at prices
ranging irom $350 to $400 a lot.
During the past twelve months the South
west Mi.ssion district has made big strides in
the way of improvements. That section of
the territory known as the Castro-street addi
tion has been particularly active in the build
ing line. Not only are present owners build-
Ing, but considerable property is changing
hands, aud if enthusiasm nnd energy can ac
complish anything it is safe to predict that
this part of the Southwest Mission will in lime
be more than an equal to its many other ri
vals in th<) suburbs of the City which have
been bo long in existence.
£. M. Long is completing two cottages on
Dolores street, near Twenty-tlx'h.
P. E. Erickson has just completed a neat cot
taire on diamond street, near Chenery.
W r . Foster recently completed a nice cottage
on Surrey street, near Clinton.
F. C. L.iwler has purchased a lot on Surrey
street an>l intends to build.
J. B. Lawler has purchased property on
the same street and will build soon.
A. F. Dissmayer has bought the corner of
Clinton avenue and Surrey street.
J. L. McLaugbiio, piesidentoi the Fairmount
J. C. MOTHER, AUCTIOTEEa.
Office— 632 Market Street.
WIIX StLL THIS DAY, MARCH 1,
Commencing at 11 a. if., corner of Howard and
Sine tee mli streets,
A very fine and extensive stock of. fresh Staple
and Fancy Groceries. Wines, Liquors, Cigars.
Coff>e«n4 Tea, toffee-mill, Scales and Fixtures;
also :he Furniture of four rooms. Ail must be
sold on account of departure No reserve.
Improvement Club, Is building on Chenery
street, near Charles.
At a recent meeting of the Fairm6unt Im
provement Club it was resolved to send a let
ter to the Mayor, asking his assistance in
securing the unemployed for the building of a
road through the land of the Castro-street
Land Company to the Corbett road, which
would give a direct outlet from the Mission, to
the park and Seventh avenue.
The right of way is promised and also a sub
stantial offer of assistance from the owners of
the land along the route.
At the same meeting a petition was circu
lated asking the Board of Supervisors to make
an appropriation for a bridee over ibe South
ern Pacific track at Miguel and Thirty-fourth
streets. •
H. teterson has just started two cottages of
eight rooms and bath each on Tweuty-second
street near Castro. J. Pavert is erecting a five
room cottage on Twenty-seventh street, near
Douglass.
PIUTES BITE THE DUST.
Uncle Sam's Blue-Coated Boys
Played Too * •'-•■
Fast.
Mrs Amanda Henley Presents the
"Pap cos With a Name
and a Medal
. The boys from the Presidio played a
little too much ball for the Piutes at Cen
tral -Park yesterday. The soldier boys
had not much to spare, however, as the
score was 9 to 7, and Clay, the swarthy
pitcher, managed to limit the hits of the ,
boys in blucVo 7. He struck out four men
and not a man was given his base on balls.
Evans, the Piute who guards the left cor
ner of the diamond, made a hit eacn of the
three times he came to the bat and he
landed two runs.
Tne soldiers put up their usual strong
game, the catching of Noyes and the
heavy hitting of Cameron being* particu
larly' effective. „ ! . ' °°
Ardie Johnson, the champion newsboy
sprinter, ileieated Chief Fenimore ■ B&g'gy-
Knees Moucboir in an exciting 100-yard
race. The time announce I was 10 1-6
seconds. ESvSS
Ttie papoose, "Tommy Dobbins," in
company with his mother, Mrs. Dewa,
occupied the players' bench and added
color to the gam«*. On the baby's bib was
a beautiful gold medal with his new name
inscribed on it. •: ',' . *
This medal was ©resented to the papoose
by Mrs. Amanda Dobbins Henley, mother
of Homer S. Henley, the talented and pop
ular sincrer of this City. Mrs. Henley is
one X)f California and Nevada's earliest
pioneers.- The lady is thoroughly ac
quainted with the Piutes, having lived in
Nevada. As a mark of appreciation for
their kindne.as to her she had her friends
assist her in'naming the papoose Tommy
Dobbins, ami preseuted the baby with the
beautiful medal. -
The following is the result of the game
in cold figures:. ; ■* ;
Indians. ' ab. k. B.H. S.B. P.o. A. B.
Kvans. 3 t> 3 2 8 1 a 3 1
Bowman, c. t. 4« 0-1 0* VS 0 1
McCarthy, c .... 5 112 8 O 1
a»r,p.v.'v.v.:r."...-4' 1< ■ O —O — 0-- S- 0
Louis James, 1.b... 4 10.0 611
Ben Ball. 2 b 4 0 0 0 114
Altlc.l. f. 3 10 0 10 0
ureeat.5.... ......1 3 10 0 2.14
Rhodes, r.f.. ...... 4 0 0 0 10 1
/ Total r.,... ' 7 6 3 24 * 9 13
• tOLD'EXS.-' AB. R. BH. ' 8.8. P.O. A. R.
M#yers, r. t ....... 6 20.1 0 0
Keiiey. Ib. 6 0 O • 1 -9 • 1 J
Kry, 8.-S.; »5 2 0 0 1 SO
Halus, I f..?..:.... 5 1.1 10 0
Cxroercm, -' b....... 13 14*3
I ittte, 8.0.....°....; 5 0 .2* '. 2 . 2 : 2 . 1
Wheeled p.... 10 10 5 1
Niyes.C....: i 1.1 0 10 1 (i
Finch, c. f .'4 10 1.0 0" 1
- Totiel..... .£.... 41 9 7 9 27 14 8
• -. • .. BY INNINGS. ;v,",;ifA •!;,':!'
soldiers .V..,t.;.0 104 0 0 1 S *-9
Base hits 0 0 2 2 0 0 2 1 •— 7
Indians..*. 12002200 0-7
' Base Tilts.. I 0 0 10 2 0 1 0-5
Earned runs— lndians 2. Two-base lilt— Kvans.
Sacrifice hits— man, Kelly nod: Cameron.
First ta<e on errors— Indians 4, i-oliturs 12.
First bus" on callid i al.s — I diuns 6. .-truck
out— By Wbeeler 9. by Clay 4. Left on bas<-s—
Indians 8. f?oldlersß. Hit by pi. Cher— (ireen, Bow
man. Doable p'ays— Kvaiis to .1 mes, Fry to ,
K.lley. Passed balls— McCar yl, Noyes 2. lid
eh— Clay. . Time of game— hours and 10 mlu
utes. Umpire— McDona.d. " • . o
- ■ •• Pre«idto' Athletic Grounds.
Nearly 2000 people attended the charity
baseball game °at the Presidio' athletic
grounds yesterday. The Llah Club de
feated' th,e rrecita Parlor by a score of 30 ,
to 20. ■.. - .;...■•.
• — — ■» — .
Java has thunderstorm."', on an average,
97 "days in the year; aly 38, Beleium 21,
Holland 18; France', Austria and South
Russia, ' 16 ; S. am and Portugal, 15;'Ene
land and the high Swiss mountains, 7;
Norway, 4;. Cairo, 3. .. In -East Turkestan,
as'weli as in the extreme north, (here are
scarcely any thunderstorms known.
•• . SZW TO-DAT ,-.' .
Not stimulating—not
cxc i t n g— but tissue
building and health
giving — and by far the
most delicious drink
that can be prepared
for daily consumption.
These are the quali-
ties in which cocoa
differs ■'.; from all other
drinks. It is the very
highest embodiment of
good, healthy food in a
most convenient form.
Tbe pare— fresh— beat . ;•". .32 cups
co«o» 1' GMRA"DELU'S. . . 25 cents.
\/^% i Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
OlT) KEAR3) V XT. Established
IrirlB 1 " I SS-* for the treatment of Private
§J>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
020 KKAKVV XT. Established
I In 1854 for the treatment of Private
pi«e»-JieB, I^ist ManhiHxl. Debility or
HHkMn disease wearing on bndyand mlndand
018 H Skin Diseases. The doc torcureswhf 11
■^Bi otnersfall. Try him. Charges low.
|<nr*-«puj»u»n<«-«-<l. Cullorwrite.
Or* J. r« I BJBO B«x 1957. Saa J6'r»acl«»
910
EXCITING RACING
ALONG THE FRONT
Whitehall Boatmen Have
a Spirited Contest
for Prizes.
■* : '
; The Gypsies Came Back From
•••• San Mateo, but Were Sent
;•:"'..■ ,;. ':■ to Oakland. - ••• v
Sergeant Mahoney I? Determined to
Keep Them Off the Front and ;
•••• ' Out of San Francisco.
The sailing race between tbe boatmen
along the front yesterday was a very
pretty one as far as the first four white
hails were concerned. Dan Crowley, the
popular wharfinger at sections 1 and 2.0 i
the seawall, was judge, and he awarded
the first prize to Thomas Hayden, the
second to Dave Crowley Jr., and the third
toGus O'Connell, while James' Sennett
was fourth. Tbomas Lyons and John
.•/Fit z^e'rajd were beaten by over a mile,
■■ but then both the .men fieure&.on wiji
.': ning the last prize. Neither of tbe men
•. Ihbusslit they had a chance to beat the
■ : - four cracks, so each of them unbeknown
•'..to the other tied a tin can to tbe bo i torn
• "-of liis boat.. The prize for the last boat is
, a'keg of beer, and at dark last night it
V .lookedas though fttzgerald would win it.
• . .' ; The race irom/M-eiggs whart to Blossom
' .Rock buoy was a pretty one. Hayden
. .was around first, while Gus O'Connell and
; : janies Sennett passed around at the same
..moment. Senneit made far the better
-..turn, however; and was straightened
" .away on his course nearly five seconds
• ■ahead of .his rival. .From Blossom Rock
: to the presidio sboal all the boats made
• . .good time, but on the beat back Hayden
■[■ fiiaihe'd a. .decided advantage and finally
•~. won' easily* ■
'•' ' ■" :The fan^ral of .the late Sergeant Fitz
'■.'gibbon- of the harbor police takes place
•'•from 524 Fell street at 9:45 a. m. to-day.
.The pall-bearers will be Corporal Robert
. .■•CockraU,' Officers Ferguson, 1 Dower, Flem
ing, . uanohoe, Alahoney, . Mackey and
.; Cam tenon. All the men' will Oe in plain
' •■ cjotbes'.and there will' "be no uniformed
.■poiice' escort; as the relatives want the
.(.•.■proceedings to be a? simple as possible.
• ■ All t-hp laic sergeawt's papers were found
■•■• in his Jocker in the Harbor police station
'•"•". by; Captain Dunleavy. In his will lie
.'. leaves ah his property, real and personal,
..to .liis two daughters, share and share
; 'alike. Owing, to the deoreciation in real
: .-estate it is thought that Sergeant Fitz
:.- < ibbon'is' not nearly as weajthy i»s was at
' fi/st supposed. Those jvho ciaim to know
say thai-he died worth less than $20,Qu0.
■"■ : ; ■■ The sure-thing gamblers did a smart
piecedf business on the front yesterday.
Tiiey were equipped with a piece of beard
..Von which squares were markeu. One
'■- square caiied lor half a dollar, another for
'■ ' 25 cen.ts, one for 10 ceni.3 and all the
other?, Save three, for a ci^ar. A revolv
ing wheel with a pointer attached showed
what prize was won, and in order to play
. • the game 10 cents had to be put up.
:'■ A youni; watchmaker named Heinreich
Koh:i, employed by Snreve & Co., got in
terested in tue game and what wnh the
money he put up on thf machine and the
. side bet he made with the capper, he was
: out ?IS~ When all i.is money was gone ha
came to-.the couclusion that he had been
swindled and demanded restitution. The
■ runner of the machine and tne capper had
a conferenca and the former said he would
*have to go around tbe corner for a few
minutes, but on his return would do the
fair -thing. Wiien the few. minutes were
up the capper took the wheel off the book
and also 'disappeared around the corner,
leaving, the young jeweler with a table
and part of a box of cigars valued by Ser
gennt Mahoney at 25' cents to show for his
■ $18. At the Harbor police station he said
•'. He had been ei^ht years in San Francisco
• .and the poiice are still wondering how
many years it wiil take a man to learn the
ways, of confidence men. Kohn had tears
in his eyes when he lold of the manner in
■ which he had been victimized, outall Ser
gean.t Mahoney could do for him was to
yend him to the police courts to procure a
John Doe warrant.
He gave a good description ot the men
and the police thins they know the
couple. The young man. took hia piece of
Itoard and box of cigars away with him,
as'ne.iusisted upon ha vine something to
sh,ow tor his $18 5.0 wJien he got home."
The gypsies' who were driven out of
Mill Valley and tuen out of San«alito are
having ji hard tinjp of it. They stole
everything in Mill Valley they could lay
their hands on and tore up the fences for
firewood. In Sausalito they were tol
erated for a. time but finally got orders to
move on. Then they came to San Fran
■ Cisco ana made ah attempt to get away on
the steamer Australia for Honolulu, but,
as they could not raise the necessary $500,
they had to stay behind and the HarDor
Police at once hustled them back to their
last resting place. At last Sausalito got
up in arm's and two constables Gathered
up t-he wanderers and made them pack
their belongings in their carta and, plac
ing bag and baegage on the Sausalito
ferry brought them to San Francisco.-
Then the Harbor Police again took a hand
• in the matter and ordered the crowd to
move Out of the City as quickly as possible.
The who:e outfit was packed into eight
wagons and the. leader of mo ganc said
they were going to the Santa Clara Valley.
To make sure that they crossed the
boundary line a mounted policeman was
sent along to show them the way. They
were not long in San Mateo County be
fore the constable tooK them in charge
and escorted them back to San Francisco.
The constable in Sausalito heard of it
and he stood guard over the Sausalito.
and Tiburon ferries to see that they did
not get on any of the ferry boats running
to those points, so Sergeant Mahoney
was in a quandary. T.e gipsies still in
sisted that they wanted to reacn the
Banta Clara Valley, sothe|police put them
on the creek route steamer and shipped
them to the foot of Seventh and Broad
way. Sergeant Mahoney is now guessing
about the number of days that will elapse
before they are back on his hands again.
The handsome big modei of the crack
cruiser Charleston that has been in the
Merchants' Exchange for a number of
years is missing. It was wanted to help
out the California exhibit at the exposition
in the City of San Jose de Guatemala and
Captain Shotwell, manager of the Ex-
Change, finally agreed to let it go. After
Hie exposition it will be returned to its old
quarters in the west end of tbe meeting
room.
Jack Meyers had a narrow escape yester
day. He was taking $7 worth of pies out
to the battleship Oregx>n, and when step
ping into his Whitehall it capsized. He
was soon the center of fourteen dozen of
assorted delicacies, but when he attempted
to scramble into the boat she turned over
on -top of him. Finally ha made his
escape by diving, ana was hauled ashore
by Harry Harmwn, who, was to have gone
out in the boat with him. The crew oi
the Oregon had no pies for supper last
night, and the boatmen will have a lively
time of it explaining -matters when they
go out to-night.
Tile Chosen Frieudi.
Maznolla Council of Anaheim, at Its last held
moetln., initiated seven candidates, and Nevada
Council initiated live on the 15th of last month.
There will be tnree initiations iv America Coun
ell to-morrow night, and the initiatory team will
initiate candidates for Social Council next Thurs
day.
Arrangements have been made with tbejrallroad
company as to a spvcial rate for the representa
tives who will attend the grand body in this City
next April. The grand recorder will send out the
net>stary papers to (Otinciis this' week.
Assessment, 273 has been levied and -it will be
delinquent on the last day of tbe current mouth.
REVIVALS.
Sunday Evening Sermons by Bey- Wil
liam liader at the Third Congre
gational Church.
Rev. W. Rader, preaching last evening
at the Third Congregational Church, said
in part:
The revival in politics Is sometimes called
revolution; in letters a renaissance, as in the
Elizabethan period; in nature.is called spring,
when new life seizes the hidden roots of things
and clothes the hllis in green ; in religion, it 'is
culled revival. In all these conditions is the
common principle of a new life entering into
the old conditions.
1 believe in a genuine revival .of genuine
religion. When truth becomes epidemic taen
are moved in the mass and s\yept along in the
deep currents of popular feeling. Revivals
hp.vfc broken up formalism, as at Pentecost
when God came down in power amonr the
people, and in England when the Oxtord
student*, under t^ e direction of the Wesleys,
shoojk the established cJiurcb. and in New
England, under Jonathan Edwards, when the
lea -Of formalism was broken by his fervor;"
They have been pioneers 01 a deeper spiritual
life.
The chief concern of the church should not
be for tnose who come to revival meetinp s,
but for those who do not. People always go
to revivals, and they are usually confined to a
definite class. The church must appeal to the
top of society as well as to the bottom. We
have fallen into the bed htibit of scolding th«
skeptic, while we-dewte our attention to sav
ing the lost. We tliiiik of the doubter as being
wron; in his theology, an.l there is no man
whom we despise so much as a man who lias a
wrong opin.on. We need ministers and evan
gelists who are able to present in a rational
way Christianity to these people. Ttic pro
found scholar is as valuable aa the corrupt
harlot. ...
\te need a revival of righteousness, of po
litical, social and industrial character. The
real test of a revival of religion is not the
number gathered into the ctiurch, or (he num
ber who put their names upon cards, but the
contribution which is made to the honesty,
purity and integrity oi the community. Re
vivals must make men. more; honest in busi
ness, more pure, in society'aud more brotherly
if they are to maintain their place. We need
a revival 01 character. Religion is emotion
translated into manhood and womanhood.
Unless it is so translated, it is an ' unpolished
diamond.
Tnere are three things to be taught.in a re
vival; first, the authority and power of the
woid of God. This must "be set forth with in
telligence and common sense; second, the
divine nature and redemptive power of Jesus
Christ. The most important thing that is to be
explained to-day to the thinking world is the
meaning of salvation through Christ; third,
the sense of sin and the place sin has in human
life. ' • • '
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Little Shooting Done at the Grounds
> far San liafai-l,
There were very few marksmen at
Schueizen Park, near San Rafael,- yes.ter
daj*. The light rain which feJl durinc the
day had the effect of puttine a damper -on
the sport. . .
The following scores were made'ih the
free to all double-rest shoot. Ten shots,
bullseyes only count:
L. C. Babin. 2 4 3 15 2; O. Bnrmeisier, 212
4 030 2 13 30; R. Lanper, 2-2 2 Ifl 385 3;
Chris iSgltxg, 1 -t 2 'J; Miss L CFcSfhic, 3 0 2;J.
Utschig, 3 46 2 3; J. Stanton, 3 2 0 0 6.
In the off hand shoot, 200 yards,, bulls
eye? only in ten shots:
J. Kuhnle! 2 3 113 0 2; Chris Egtng, 0210
0; J. Utschig, 1 23 2 2.
The opening of Schuetzen Park for the
season will take place the first Sunday in
April, when Manager Schueraann will
have an elaborate programme prepared.
SAN FRANCISCO -CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE »i the San Francisco Cali
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blgbt In the year. a .
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mohnomerj street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock. ' ■
615 Larkln ertreet. open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner bixteenth and Mission street*, open
BEtll 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
367 Ninth street, open until 9-: 30 o'clock.
J_SOS Polk street: open un 119:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
E^~GOU)KX GATK COMMANDKRY -
S^r xo. 16. K. T.. Golden <-ate bui'dlnit. «^f«
625 Su:ter st. — Stated aisembly THI« flj
EVENING at 7:3o.o'Uock. . The Oraer of U
the P.ed Cross will be conferred. Ailfraters ▼
are conrteouslv Invited.
IHARLKS H. MURPHY, Em. Com.
William T. Fonda, Recorder. • B&al
KT-S- SAN FRANCISCO CHAPIER m
iSSi? So. l, Koyal Arch Masons, maets jA
THIS EVENING. Business and M. M. dt:-T£J£
. gree. • H. G. PRINCE, fcecretary. /y^\
{T^-S=» HERMAN LOEGENO 127 F. & m ■
I*^ A. M. — Stated meeting TU I-> DA V iH
(MONDAY |. March 1, 1837, at 7:30 o'clock 'JsV
p. m. . By order of the W. M. • /V>
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
rrr^"g» CALIFORNIA LODGK, No. ],
tt^JS' 1. o. .0. F. —All members are Si93fS(^.
urged tobo present MONDAY EVEN- =5S»JS5jg5r
■ ING. March 1: Business of Import- '^Wff
'■ ance is to be transacted. .
. G. \V. DAYWALT, N. G.
. . Chap.lxs E. Post, Ree. Sec.
mpg: AT.' 997 MARKET 'ST., T6-NIGHT.
W^Bf regular monthly, entertainment, socUl end
dance; admission 10c. ■ •
I-K-ap- THh ANNUAL Mh-ETING OF THE
•S^ 27 holders of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the office of the. com-
pany, 406 "California street- ban Franctico, on
l WKJJNKSDAY, the 3d day of March, 18»7. at the
I hour of 12 o'clock m., for tne election of trustees
[ for the ensuing, year and (or the transaction of
such other business as' may ronio before tne meet.-
. ing. • A. DALTO> HARRISON, Secretary.
SPKCI • NOTICES.
i g^g=». PAINTING, PAPERIIANGING DONE:
fir-J' estimates on work eiven, by day or con-
tract. C HATTER, 663 Mlssiou.st.
»^K= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR' g4:
It-*' r«jile< tions made: city or country. Pacific
.Collection Co.. 415' Montgy St., rodm 6: tel. 6680.
B2S* DR. BAZcT KKMOVED FROM PHE-
fS^-z" lan uulldlnz to 608 f'«ary xt. : fl." East :-<B7.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS PROTKSTANT J.OOK; WITH
reference, degires asituntlon. J. F. CROSEI'T
<fc CO.. 316 Sutter sU
LADIES DESIRING FIRST-CLASS HELP
of ail nHtioniill.ies pleusa cull or send your
order to MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
i "\roUNG GERMAN WOMAN DESIRES WoRK
! X by the day; washing, housed* ai.ing or any
kind of housework. Call 665 Mission si.
pOMPETENT COOK. SPEA KING FRENCH.
\J Germau and English, will assist in light home-
work, sewing, and aole to take ch»rge of children.
Call or address 136 Sixth st., room 3.
WAN! ED — SITUATION FOR A WIDOW
with a boy 11 vt-ars old. to do housework:
go.«l cook; country preteried: no tr.fltrs need
answer. Address 133 Pace st.
SWEDISH GIRL, GOOD COOK, WISHES A
situation to do cooking and washing: willing to
do general housework; reference. Address . D.,
box 47, Call Office.
T7IXPERIENCKD DRESSMAKER WISHES A
Xj few more c gagemt-nts In famlllfs: is a flrst-
rlass filter mid designer; $1 CO perday. J., box
71. I all. Oflice. v
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG EASTERN WIDOW
J\. desires a lucr tlve place as housekeeper In
bachelor's or widower's home; city or country. 104
Mason st.
•yOUNG,. RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL
J- to a-sist or no uoncral housework in small fam-
ily; referfiice; Western Addition pieie-.red. Ap-
ply 1712 Eddy St., above grocery.
ANTED— BY CULTUKED YOUNG LADY,
»» position as compauion; would ■ travel; stat<«
duties; give references Address M. LEY, San
Jose. . ■ .v . ". , .
•yaUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS SITUA- I
X ilon' to do general ' housework and cooking.
Apply or address AUGUSTA Jb-RDMAN, Cosmo-
politan Hotel. • '. -■
"yOUNG WOMAN DESIRES SITUATION' AS
X housekeeper in hotel. " widower :or .bachelor
home. : 207 I'.ddy st., ; room 20, Ito 6 o'clock. j |
n IRL DESIRES A PLACE TO DO PLAIN
\J cooking and make herself generally : useful.
4UB Minna st. . .
GEKMAN GIRL DESIRKH A PLACE TO DO
VJT cooking and housework; 1 wa^es f.O. 961
Howard *t. .
■yOUNO GIRL WISHES ; POSITION TO DO
1 homewoik. Address 237 Lexington aye. . .
THE SAIST FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
' FITTJATIONS WANTED— Continue*.
YblJ.Nti LADY WILLING TO WORK JrEW
X hours daily in return ior room and board. -Ad-
dress S.. box 14' i Call Office. . " T . ■
yoUNG LADY WI>HKS POSIT TO;DO
.1 upstairs wbrk and sewing in nice family. Call
18U:iPostst. . . ;■' '.'':/'\
nOMPEIENT SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A
\J situ..ion for general housework or cook.
Please call at 714 Vs uciavla st. . ■*"''•-'
IirANTED— A SITUATI-.lfti AS HOUSK-
» V Keeper: best of references. 1 64 -Sixth at.,
Carroll btilldlu?, room 27; call forenoon.
W OMAN WISHEB SITUATION TO TAKE
Yl care of 1 or '-' children; willing to assist; 1104 a
Clay st. * ■■•;'•'.
TJOBITION WANTED IN DRY-GOODS STORE
JT by competent youn,' lady. Address for partic-
ulars, P. 8.. box 163, Call •/ • ■
SITUATION WANTED 8 OR 4. DAYS IN
week to do washing. 314 Turk st. ; . z:'
WANTED-LAHNDRY WORK BY FIRST-
. »» class laundress: launelry piefered. Call 748
Uowardst. v \ :
TNTELLIGENT WIDOW, MIDDLK-AGE.D,
X iteslres charge of widower's hou«e: wages sec-
ondary: pleasan i home; references • MRS. LAKE,
425 O'Fatrcli st.
YOUNG ENGLISH GIRL WANTS TO DO
i lUht chamber work and sewln? in nice fam-
ily, or look after child out of.arms in exchange for
board and room: splendid references. Address
X. Y. C, box BO..rhis office.
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES PO?ITION I
_ as worklna housekeeper; to6d cook a >d laun-
dress; clt» or country; 1 '& years' reference from lost
place. 3377 Twenty-sixth st. •.
SWEDISH GIBIi WANTS POSITION TO DO
ousework : is a good cook references. Ad-
dress oirl, box 13, call Offic-. .
UESPECTABLK COLORED. WOMAN DE-
XV sires a si.tuat.on at housekeeping, cooking or
nursing. 1 Tay s- , off Clay.
RE PEtTAP.LE WOMAN WISH I- S SlTUA-
tiort as- cook or teneral housework; city or i
country; besj..of retereiii-.es. . Please call 131 |
Wildey st.; bet. Bush and Pine.
MAN AND WIFE, JUST ARRIVED FROM
Pans, wish situation in same family: woman
to attend interior, man to cook; uood refereuces. j
Addrei3 MR. JULIAN. 625 Pacilic st.
RBSPECrABLR YOUNG LADY WOULD I
XV lrkea i osltj'on to assist lady in housework.
Apply 1539 Ninth St.. Alameda. ' :
Ri FINED DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKF. A
XV few niore engagements; $1 pe.r day; perfect
til guaranteed. i> ii Leavenworth st.
"I AUNJJin WOMAN WISHES WORK IN
Xj ho:el lau.idry, to run machine body Ironer;
steady place. Call at 21 Fcankllfl st., room 19,
second, fluor-. . • • ■
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER .WANT Posi-
ttons as .working' housekeeper and assist in.
widower's family or chamberwork in hotel; un-
derstand all ki d or. do;iipstic work; no. oojectiu'n
to country. Call or ad.dres .'ll5 Kiii-3 st.
\\r an — situation as upstairs
, W girl, cr will., assist w'lth small children, by a
neat, competent aud reliable gir.. Address 4ti
Elgin i'ark. '.-•
"L^XPBRIENCEb HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOWS !
Xj wishes position as hou e'kejpper; .would take
churgL' of lodgi 'g-hous»>; city or country; cal 12
to 5 t/nly. MR-. M., 419, Tlurd st.
\ r OUNG GIRL WISHKS PUBITON TO DO
X general housework aud ass:«t cooking. Ad-
dress 116Cas''lil aye.
-yoUNG WID.IW FROM INDIANA WANTS
X arrj'-kind of respecta .le work in hotel: chamber-,
work: honest aiid re;i .ble: giod'copk. C«l! afte*.7
a. m , room- 6, 2ul- Powell st cor. '.'Farrell. ■
pO.VKR.NES- AND. .SEAMSTRESS; •■GEK-
*'J mun-Anicrfcan lady; tnorough teaclurof Kpf- |
lish; <ji,rman and music; hichcsi reference .; coun-
try t&« n preferred. Addrtss E. W., -.526 Missioh
St., "ell 1. • • . • . • '
I .RESSMAKER WANTS WORK BY THE
XJ day. Call or address*,6 79. '1 wenty-fourth aye.
Easi Oakland.. . ' -.
pOMI'EJEX^f YOUNG' KEAI' GERMAN.
\J girl wisr/es situation for second or chamber j
work: good refe.ehc -s; wa^es $20. Al.dress 1629 i
Bristol su, Berkeley. Cal.' * . * -
/ ' OOD COOK, WITH REFERENCE, FOR HO-
I tei, boarditig-house orrestaura'nt. Apply 742
.Folsom st. ' i
yui;>'G WJDOW, RECENILY FROM THE
X East, wants a p ac» as hou»eki"ppe.r «n botef-or
bachelor's home preferreU; cfty or countr.y. Room
2, 223 I'ost it".
IIKFINED LADY WISHES POSITI iN AS j
-IV lnunaging housekeeper In uidiiwcr's. home; I
no trirlers w.anted. Calt 1148 Sutter St., room 35, j
thlxd floor. . •■
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES POSITICN ''
to do housework an I take care of children; ob- !
ject good home. 108 Mxth .it., room 16. :•-'■•
yui'Nu G.- r.man WIDOW DKSIRES POSI- \
-X (ion an housekeeper. 38 Eddy St., room 1.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE I
O Call tivken-at brancn otlice, 339 Hayes st,;
open until V.'Sj o'clock. :
REFIN D WIDOW FROM NKW YORK '
would .like a position as typewriter. 157 |
Seventh st., room 10. secoud floor. >■ •
AbTER.V LADY OF EXPKIUEN X WANTS ,
a permanent position as housekeeper In lodg-
ing-house or w'ldo wet's home, i'.oom 3, 995 Mar- i
ket st. 0U&
Want ads AND SUB-CRIPTI>)N!S for
'" Thk Call are taken at Branch office, touth- •'
west corner .-lxteenth and 1 Mission s s.
\ MERICAN LADY WANTS POSITION AS j
J\.- companion an I nurse. with Invalid; medical-,
referfiices. 1530 Eddy at., ucar Steiner (after- j
noons). «J4**f.jg£g I
yoUXO- WIDOW WANTS A PLACE AS i
X housekeeper; city or countT/. I* 2 Post St., i
room 2. •
lIF.FINED WOMA.V WOULD LIKE SITUA-
J t tiOD as managinc housekeeper: city or c un-
try: references. Ca.l or address MRS. WELLER,
bOS Post st , loom 2.
"VroUNO GERMAN LADY DKSIRES POBI- I
X.tioh us worxlnj; housekeeper.' 112 Taylor I
room. 14. . • - •'
EXVEKIEWCKD HOCSKKKKPKR (WIDOW)
Xj wants work In widower's or bachelor's hoi se-
huld. with children; <ountry rr.ft-rrcd. 88 Ninth
St., room 17: hours 11 m to 9p. m. .
•T/IRST-CLASS DRESSaJAKER WANTS TO
r so out by the day; understands cutting and nt-
In-r perfectly. Plea.c address MRS. FOKSTER,
1215-^ Powell s . -;'
n \ o LABKIN-BRANCH OFFICE of the
I 1O CALL: rlmions an i want ad< taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
« * Market: 2i)o rooms v.'sc o 8160 per nUht:
$1 60 to 96 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and .bacgage to and from tte ferry.'
SW COR. SIXTEKNTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of- Thj Call. sub-
scriptions, aftd w»nt ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED M Al.i:.
TT UNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPAN
XX employment office, rt-moved to 6141/3. Califor-
nia st., near Kearny. 'lei. main 231.
pHINESK.AND EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. \ll Va Farrell. Tel.' 426.
TAPA.NKSri INTi-.LLIGfc.NOK AGENCY. -R,
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel am 5234.-
-fMllSEtm & J,\ PANKSE; KHT'D 20 YKAHS;'
\_;help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY it C 0.,640 Clay
AM XXX— CHINESE AND JAPENKSK EM-
ployment office. 611 Vj Bushst., nr. Grant aye.
SITUATION WANTED AS MAN ABOUT
pla.e; thoroughly experienced in 'care of
horses and diivlng: good gardener: can mllK;
handy with tools; beit of leferences. Address
A. 8., box 160. Call Office. ■
\RTIES HAVING INTING, PAPE
hAii.-in.', housecleanlng or whitewashing to <io
ca:i met It done very c.ieap'y by H. 8., 19 Va
Seventh St.. oaklaud.
Wf AN TED— WORK BY A STEADY YOUNG
1* man: good hou.ie-palr.ter and Al stagehand:
wages $12 per week. Address T. 8., 19 Va seventh
st , ' uKland. ■ •
SINGLE MAN 31 YEARS Ol D, OF GOOD
moral character, wishes position of an-.- kind;
handy with tools. Address S. box 154, Call. ■ :
STEADY, RELIABLE . SCAND AVIAN
wants work ut any klud; can diive and care
for hors.'S. s. S., box 8, Call Office..
ITUATION WANTED BY AN ALL-ROUND
man on a iarm or a man about place:' can do
some carpenter work. F. . box 145,'Cail office.'
\\TILL THIS CATCH '""HE. EYE OF. H'>ME
.TT , kind'y . posed ;, person -, w 111 lag . to ; aid— by
way of emp'oylng In any capacity— a man with a
unique Invention, so us toenao.e him to procure
h pa.ent on same? Benefactor can huvc reason-
able assurance he will be rewarded in a pr.ncely
manner fi-r va ued kindness rendered. F. 8., box
17, Call Office. s
I^IRST- CLASS COACHMAN, (ENGLISH)
' nants ■, situation: si-adv. reliable and ihor-
ongbly competent; city or country. • ..box 31, Ca 1.
SITUATION WANTKD BY ENOLI-HMAN
as coachman or groom.; best of lefereuces.
'^■i.l second st. ■ -.' ■ :
pOMPiiTKNT HOUSK- PAINTER AND ,PA-
\J per-haneer with tools wants work Iby the day
or piecework Ad lr<-s» A. W., box 19, Calt uffice.
MAN AND WIFE JUST. ARRIVED FROM
Paris wish situations In the same family; wo-
man to attend Interior: man to rook; good : refer-
ences. .'Address MR. JULiEN, 625 Pacific St..
4MARKKT ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF. THE
Call; want ads ami subscriptions, la&en. . , .•. ■
.. «ITI7ATT<»NS WANTED-CoTitfnTi»rt. '
SITUATION WANTED^BY AN ENGINEER
O nsid ma'hinht: 15 years' expeclence. Address
E. s., box 47, Call,
YOUNG MAN DK'-IKES POSITION AS
coachman: undersiauds horses, cows, chick-
ens, gardeninz; industrious-' $'Z0 per month; refer-
ences. 0., box 127. Call Office.
.TAPANESK BOY WISHED SITUATION TO
Odo house%vorl£ in good family o.' country. Ad-
dress QKuBOK TAKADO, 931 Suciamento st
ffljOA BONUS FOX POSITION AS BOOK-
<P^-U keeper, assistant, shlpplne clerk, clerk
in- wholesale house: city leference. Address
H. J. D. , 1 140 Valencia st.
WANTED- POSITION AS TRAVELING
salesman by experienced commercial trav-
eler: moderate salery and communion. Address
B. P., Lox 147. Call. ' ■
KO7 MONTGOMERY, CORNER- OF CLAY—
iJ£i I open unti 9 :30. o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
pEUMAN WANTS SITUATION AS COACH-
vJT man or gurdener; thorouchiy understands
both branches. Apply at' 503 Third st
QJ.TUATION WANTED ON RANCH . BY
0 man anrl wife no chtldren: man understands
all about orchard and vineynrd; also good team-
ster: wife goo<l cook and housekeeper. Address
A., bex 70, Call Office.
QQQ HAVES bt— BRANCH OFFICE OF
»)OO Titi Call; bubscriptiqns aud warn ads
taken.
Handy" Japanese wants position as
janitor, or would wo k in shop or factory:
speaks good English. F. M-. 10 Central prace, off
Pine st; with best recommendation.
1 MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF IHK
1 Call: want ads and subscription taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSF. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus aud baggage-to and Irom the ferrs-.
BRANCH OFFICEOF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
'
FEMALE HIM' WANTED.
pHAMBKRMAID AND WAITRESS COUN.
V^ trylioe $20, see party here at 10 to-day;
German chamb'roiuid, prlva c family, $20; Ger-
m>n nurse, $^5; 2 c 'oks, German style, $26 nun"
$30. and ■ large numb<r>'f girls for cooking and
housework in city ai.d country.' J. F. CKOSE'TT
ifc CO.. 316 Su-terit.
QKi'OND GIRL, $25:- NITKSE, $25:' l'J
0 hoftsswork girlij city and country, $20 and
$25: 8 voting Kills asiist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN", 323 Sutler St."
NEA 1. YOUNG OIRL'OR WOMAN AS.COM-
I anion aid llc;ht housework; $10.- MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sut-ter St.'
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS WORKING
housekeeper; S>l2. MISS CULLEN, ESS
Sutler st.
FRENI H HOUSEWORK GTKL; $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler st
Gl KM N NURSE. LOS ANGELES; $^0.
MISS CULLEN..323 Suiter St.
COOK. AM ERIC VN FAMILY, $30; L\UN-
dress. $;^O. MISS CULLEN. 3^3 Slitter st.
STENOGRAPHER. $30 PER MONTH. MISS
CULLEN, 323 utter St.
"PKOTESTANT SECOND (JIRL $25;NUHSE,
-T same house, $20. Jllss tI'LLE.V, 323 Sutter.
T.'RENCH >ECOXI> GIRL, $J5. MISS CUL-
£ I.EN. 32 J Sutler st
\TEAT HOUSI- WOk Glßt, SAN JOSE, $25.
I -L> MISS CCLLEN, 323 Sut;er»t.
\VAITRESS, MENLoTpXrK, ■ $20; HOTEL.
tf MISS CULIEN, 323 Gutter s 1
/-<IRL, STEINER ST.. t2": GIRL. McALLIS.'
It- ter St., $16: grrl, Geary st, $25: girl, Sonora,
.Cal., *3T>; 1 lrl, (.olden Gat- KVe.,sriO: Kirl. tic;a-
via, $25; girl. <i. ary -st, $20: girl. Howard st ,
.-* "_■ »j . girl, lair Ouk.s, .t2U; cook and nursogln, $40;
girl. Loin t.ard st. $ 0; girl, Jac son st, $30 cook,
'and second Kir:. *40. MARTIN'S, 749' Market st.
GIRL, STEINER ST.. if 15; tiIKL, PINE ST.
$15: girl. oF nell, $15: sin, Gutter st, $'15:
Kirl. Llvermo c 91.5; giri, .McAllister,' »l6: irirl,
Fillmore, $J5; glr', .Gouih sf., $15; gir , Golden
Uateave., $15. ..MA RTIN's. 749 Marke: st.
/LEHMAN OR SWKDISH GIKL, $25. MAR-
KJ TIN'S, 649 Market st
L'KENCH GIRL, «25. MARTIN'S, 749 M»r-
-r kelst.
\\r ANTKD — COOK, -GE RM V N STYL - *3?i :
" American cook, $40:' <erman < hanib-rmald
and seumsiress, $-5: kitchen -Ir. $15; rHUinlr-ss
and clii-.raoermniii, »25; ! m -n- •, serond'glrl and
seniiijtM-.-n, $20: girls for housework and assist.
LEoN a.NJjRE, 'removed to *J8 Siockton st
ANDIN AVIAN LvI'NDttKSS, COUNTRY,'
$'.'6; socona 'work, Cify. $20: cook, country,
$25; housework, city, $25; nursegirl, city, $10;
ii ■ use work, count rv, $15 Jure paid; 6 girls, house-
work $20: 4 girls, i.s-"s: bousi work, $10, $16.
C. R. HaNSEN *fc u.j., 110 'ieary st .
lir.\>'TKD- EXP RIENI ED IINK.N-ROOM
»» woman: must be a good ipamstress and
darner, for a large country bot.l: $30 and lound'
C. R. IIAN>>E.\ & CO., 110 Geary st.
VKAT GIRL' OB WOMAN T> DO C OKING
1M nnd housework, America family, country
town. : 20; waitress ' and housework- girls, etc.-
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 6^4 and 636 Clay st
CO()KS. NCB-^KOIBLS, skCOND GIRLS AND
girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
OFFICE *XH REDUCED 25 CENTS; .-IRLS
of all ntitionallties wanted to Mil various posi-
tions. 'Jsriiinn Employment Office. 306 Mnson st.
GIRL OR WOMAN FOR KITCHEN WORK:
no cooking; sleep home: 's2 a week. 3392
Twenty-first s  corner or Guerrero.
GIRL FOR GEICBRAL HOUSKWORK AND
(ooklns; wages $15. 1416 Vallejo st Call
af er lp.ii.
ll r UMAX-'JO TO 24. FOR LIGHT HDUsE-
»T work; one In family; wsges *8: call before
11 :30 a. M., 710 l.omriurd St.: no chiVdren wanrvd.
.•VTKAT YODKG GIRL FQ)I GENERAL
x> homework and cookin;; 3 In family; wnge^
$10.' 19j4 steiner st.
1 ADIES LIVING OUT OF THE CITY DO
Jj writing at home: 2c stamp rep y.' PROF. J.
B McTIER. 129 Third st
TJTANTKD-A SMALL GIRL FOR LIGHT'
»T housework. Apply 112 Valencia st, in store.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. APPLY
1206 Eddy st.
DRESSMAKING APPRENTICE WANTED;'
will teacn cutting and lining. 761 Harrison.
CO M P &TEN T GERMAN GIRL FOR COOK-
i g and housework. il7 Larxln st.
iy ANTED -2 YOONG WAITRESSES. 134
»» Powell st. '
A PPRENTICK.DRESS I AKER: NEA r SEW'-
-c\. er; must give 3 months. 15 BV3 Fr«nklin »t.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. AP-
p:y 253 Stevenson st.
A PKRENTICES AND FINISH ERS WANT ED
1 J\. 0:1 cus.om coats. 449 Minna st •
GIRL ASSIST HOUSKWOHK. PLAIN C r >OK-
ing; $I' 2: seep home. Calf aft 9, 619 FiMuore
SWEDISH GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
good cook: n-at, rel ab e: references; Ameri-
can family. 1703 Gough st., 9to 12.
IIVE LADY CANVASSERS; RKFKR (• NCES:
J salary, comnilsilon: this ween, 9 to 11 a. m.
DH. GORDIX'a CHOCOLATE EMULSION. 2«'i
Davis st.
WASTED-AX / PPRENTICK WITH SOME
»» experlenct-; cont-mukini. 230 seventh s:.
WANTKD-EXPEKIKNCED M'RSfc GIRL,
acctistonie 1 to infant's rare: middle-aged. Ap-
ply between 10 and U, 1434 Post st.
"TUNE TAILORESH ON CUSTOM COATS;
£ also apprentice. 14 McAllister si., room 'JO.
IjUSJNESS WOMAN CAN MAKE MONEY;
• > smail capital required. Particulars of D.. box
160. Call Olive.
A^"O NG MAN WISHES TO GET THE AD
A dress of a lady to do washing. Z , box 35, Call
ELIABLE IADV AGENTS TAKE ORDERS;
household necessity: liberal terms. 120 autter
si., room 80.
VKEN H GIRL TO DO CHAMBEBWORK IN
A boarding-house. B. v ., box 63.
JA PA N ES X NEAT GIRL WISHES POSITION
11 small family as lirst-clav? cook: has best of
reference. Address M., box 165, this office,
\\TANTED— PUPILS FOR~ MILLINERY
»» school; course practical: classes now forming
for spring work; satisfact.on (juarnnteed: evening
classes. 22 Vi Geary st cr 410 Leaven worth.
T ADY AGIN is WAN i ED -GOOD TALK-
JU era can ruase $5 a day. 1227 Fell st
t) APPRENTICES AT LADIES' STRAW-HAT
•J maiiiil'acturiug. 755 Mlwiiun St.
Glßi.; 2 IN FAMILY; MIND BABY; $10 A
mouth. 237 Fair Oaks at, nr. '1 wemy-fourth.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
small iamily; 'Germ an preferred. 2116 Brod-
erick st.
1 EARN DRESSCUTTING AND-MILLINERY;
XJ9X per week; unlimited le<sons: pattern?
26c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 103 Post st
L'KW LADIES To ENGAGK IN A GOOD-
-1 paying business: mn.it deposi. $5 as guarantee
of |,ood faith. Call at 906 Market st, room 66,
bet. 10 a. v. and 2 p. m.
f>] X LAKKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
vJ-l «J Call; subscriptions' and want ads. taken.
BBLP .WANTED-ConffnnM. :
T7XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
£J nel " ' overshirts " and " underwear. i,EVI
STRAUSS & CO., »£y 3 Fremout st. - - .
' Vf OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
i»l Winchester Hous«. 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms; 25c 10 $1 5J per night; $1 50 to $8
per week: free 'uus and baggage to and trom ferry.
LYNN'S DRESSMAKING .AND CUTT^Nii,
Academy. 14 McAllister st: $1 a week.
•WANTED-IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
•» » barber trade: shop to open May 1. Parttcu-
. lars call lfcBVi Eighth st, S. F. Barber College.
MALE HEI.P WASTED.
WANTED-4 MEN TO UT BRUSH " AND
clear land: milker and wife, $40 ann tound;
shop butcher, $35 and found; brushmaker; wait-
er» (country) and others.' J. F. CROSETT & CO. r
628 Sacramen'.o st ' ■ : ; "- 7
OOK. $25 TO $30 AND ROOM: WAITER,
smail hotel. $26 and toom; cook, restaurant,
SSO and room: dishwasher, $12 and room; reuau-
rant butcher. $45: night cook, couDtry. 9 30 and
room: German to do chamberwork, wa3h. iron,
•s£o. room and board; waiter, $6 a week. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market at. •
ANTRYWOMAN, «15 AND ROOM: WAI-
X tress, f 5 a week: waitress, 8525: 9 waitre>ses. '
$20androom: chambermaid, $18 and room; wai-
tress. $17 and room: waiirtss, $4 a week. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market stY ;
RRAND BOY, Vi A WEEK: AGKNT IN-
suranceCo. MARTIN'S, 749 Market, »t .i . v
COLORED HEAD WAITER AND 6 C jLORED
\J w.aier.H for.coun;ry hotel. C. R. HASsE.N <fe
CO., 110 Geary st. • ••
ILKERAND WIFE, NKAR CITY, $10:
farmer and wife, se.- party here. C. K. Ua.\-
SEN &00.. 110 Giaryst. '.
HARRY WILLiAMSON, THE LAL'.VURY-
man, please call. C. R. -HANSEN & CO.. 110
Geary st
SHAMPOOKR FOR A TURKISH BATH; $40.'
k5 C. R. HANSEN & CO.. l; O.Geary st •
WANTED— 10 MINERS FOR A QUICK-
"" silver mine shor uislance from Sun Fran-
risco at $2 per day; ranch blacksmith, $3*2 50 per
moti h:- al«o farm hands and ml ki-r , bu.ter-
makers nnd others: 2 boys for fac.ory, *j per
wtek. W. V. EWER <fc CO., 6-6 Clay st. .
AX TED- YOUNG MAN TO CARE FOR
»» racehorses, references, $20 and found; aso
faimer-, teamiters, milkers, cooks, wallers, ctlsli-
was.iera. etc. W. D. EWER «fc Cu., 626 Clay st.
AC) MEN- WANTED MONDAY; FROM; $15
10 $70 a month and found. • At. WUH-
RaY & RKADY's, Leading .Employment
Agents 634 ai:d 636 Clay st. ■■
.■UORKMAS FOR A VINEYARD, $50 AND
1 fount; foreman or a y nryard. wine grapes,
$35 to $40 and found; foreman f nr a gain and'
vegetable Tan<*h. $3"J to $35 and found MUR-
"RAY <fe J.EaDY, Leading. Employment Agents.
(' WOODCHOPPERS PINE AND REDWOOD.
$1 a cord: it*inllken« 5 farmers: 2 mllk-boj-'s:
.choreman for a ranch; S cooks: 3 waiters; ironer
for a laundry. 9M) and found: 2 dishwasher*, and
other places. MURitAY & READY. Leading:
hmp ovmeot Agents, 634« nd 636 Cla.- st
0 BUTLERS; $40 AND- (45. MI3S CULLEN.
— 323 Sutter'st. ':"• ' ..
MAN TO WORK AROUND HOUSE; $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst • .
\Y"'ANTED— MAN OF GOOD ADDRESS TO
»» act as tally clerk in balc*ry;'one havine had
similar position preferred; no others -pply;
state s* ary expected. Address Bakers, box 104,
this office. *
Y\r ANTED— S >BER. RELIVBLF.- MAN. TO
'" take part I i.er s In cash huMness- must have
$15» cosh and be s^ilsfled with $18to$.0per
week; business establbhed 18 yeais. 777 Market
st , room 7. .
rpAILORH TO BUY BUSINESS OUT WITH
JL stock of goods or otherwise; cheap rent; sul:-
ble for small family. 31 Seventh st.
. \\' AN I KD-STEADY MAN LL-PAYING
* * business, delivering orders; $50 required. 223
Fourth st. . . •
M K D IATELY: • MKN F"OR MEKCHANT-
J men and whalers. Apply' 46 Spear st.. dow'n-
it irs. : .. ' . ;
E A M E AND OFFICERS FOR HONOLULU
and on steam w.alers. 904 Kearm , upUalra.
MAN WITH 485 CAN MAKE GOOD WAGES.
&39 California st. ' '
WANTED— A SHORT ORDER COJK, 427
»» Larklnsf " '
SF.COND EXPEMTK N SOU I H SEA ISLAND
0 now formed. t3s> California st ■
■\VT ANTED— MAN FOR RI-.0-HOT LUNCII;
'"softsnup. 639 Caltiornla st ; !
LI RSI -CLASS WaIIER. 'CALL AT 11 A. M.,
Pl 5 Stockton Bt.; ; -1 v ' '
AMPER, STKADY WORK: ALSO AN EX-
V perienced tab c hand. Pacific Shoe Compan-y.
139 Flrstst. ' ' . ;/••:•■:,
* A. C C— PROSPECTORS! :
u\.. TRAPPERS! WHALERS!
'Fifty men' with nt Jeast $200 each anted to
form ihe Arctic Alaska Commercial Ccmpauy, tv
do shore whallnp, fur trapping and trading, pros-
pecting and mining, walrus and sexl lmnting and
generally to -develop the resources of Arctic
Alaska: only men wli'lng to wlntei in the conn-
try, to work and to rough it. and 10 make money,
need a,(| ly. Address ail appllc tior-.s for informa-
tion, etc., A. A. C C., box 68. Call Office.
"\rOUNG'»AN TO TRAVEL ON S.ALARY OR
.X commission; must haVe $50. Box 261. Hay-
wards, .Cal. •
ANTED— SAILORS FOR -TEAM WHAL-
' » ers and sealers at LANE'S, 5U4 Davis st
<J>9X PREMIUM FOR sKiTCH VAUDK-
»iT*-U. ville 15-minute act AdJress 14 McAl-
-1 sterst., room 9.
■| QfJ NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
J U I U'Hii Call; subscriptloa and want ads
takon. ■"'•;'.' *
11OOMS. 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 5CcTO$l 50
iX per week. Orlcnial, 226 Drumm st. i
MEN OR WOMEN TO WORK FOX US DAY
or pvenlng at their homes: pleasant work;
no cauvassing: experience unnecessary; . we pay
-salary; inclose stamp for particulars, S andarj
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third st, New York.
a'LVATION ARMY LABOR BIHEA.U. 158
O New Montcomery st.— Parties desiring ieliab:e
help furnished at short notice.
WANTED, . YOUR SHOES -WE REPAIR
» » shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
lrjg through the day can have ibelr shoes .repaired
at night while you wait; ladies' «oiin;t, 3!Sc; men's
sV>:ing. , 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged 1 y water at
le-t.i ti.au on—fuurih their value, from 75c up to
$2 SO. 662 Mission »t, bet. First and second. •
STYLISH AND DURABLE C « LF SHOES
made to order. $8 50; cheapest place in city for
repairing and qecoud-haud shoes. 959 Howard st
EAMKN -AND GRKEN HANDS WANTED.
0 116 Washington st, bet. Drumm and Davl.». •
I IRST- CLASS' OPERATORS ON LADIES'
J" cloaks and suits.. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market,
■\VTE HAVK A LOT OF MEN'S SHOKS, BEEN
IT damaged- by, water, et Its* than o le-fourth
tlulr value, from 75c up to $2 60. 562 Mission
st , bet First and Second. - .
oURNKYMKN MARj;KKs>' J-.JJPLoVMH.-sr
te«retarv .H. J/.KRNARU 103 JIJJPLOVM.JL.W
tcretarv .K. I'.KHNAI'.D. IOJ i-eventh st
I>ARBERS— FOR EMPUIYMEN l' CALL SEC.
J-) P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUIHS, 325 Grantave.
RBE RS, .  TI ON— s4oo WORTH OF
niriiitnre, with 2 billiard tables, on account of
departure. $225. Address K. Kj.v.naKull, Stan-
ford University. ~ -■■' ■■■■■■■ .■ •■
19AH PAIR MEN'S SHOBS, BEEN DAM-
-IZUU aged by water, at less than one-founh
their value, from 5i- up to $2 60. 662 Mission
st., bet. Kir.-t r and Second. :- ■_
AYE A LOT OF MEN'S SHOES, BiiKN
damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 76c up to $2 50. 662 Mission
st, bet First an 1 Second.
WANTED— RELIABLE MAN FOR
position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call nfter 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room •-'. -
IJ>EW ENEHGEI'IC MEN TO ENGAGE IN A
. good, paying bustuess ; must deposit *6 as guar-
antee of good faith. Call et 905 Market St., room
55, between 10 a. m. and 2 p. k.
\\, ANTED.TOC'OLLECTWAGE-iDUELABOK-
'" ers*clerks KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 sutter.
"IiKCRUITS WANTED FOX THE U. 8. MA-
XV rine Corps, V. 8. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizen* of the United Spates, or ihoss
who have legally declnred i heir intenllon to he-
corae such: must be of good' character an J habits
and able to speak,: read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet * in height ,>■ For
lurtlier Information apply at the Kecrnitlng Omce,
20 Kills st. San Francisco, CaL , '
"I ADIES AND : GENTS 1 MISFIT !*HOE3
.Jj bought and exchanged: new vumpi and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; larg* stock; siioes made
to order: bes stock; -work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74 j Mission, near Grand Opera-bouse.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
TT; of some simple thing to patent? 1 rotect your
idets; they may -bring you wealth.' Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Pntent Att<>r-
neys. Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize
Offer and.new list of 1000 inventions wauted. :.; ■
EU'HO HOU-K. bt>3Va MAKKEI'sT.-i'.uuJli
20c, 26c to 60c night: »1 to %i weeic
C INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 16CA NIGHT:
O 76c week. • . tlndell House. : Sixth and Howard.
fiSOi' MISSION — M'BteCRIPTIONd AND
ZDZ<> Want ads taken fur THK CALL.
Trt V ACMK UoCsK, MARKET ST.. BK-
lovv bixto. lor a room; *6c- • nlgtat; $1 a wee*.
FFr/p WAXTED-Contlnn*-'.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 s«5, $1 60 per week.
I'aclric House. Commercial and Leidesdorn sis. ~
ii/i MXiH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
;1 ID 1 11 call: subscriptiou and waut ads.
taken... . ;.■ . ■ . ' ■ "--. ■-.-". '. . : - -A.. ■
, XUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
•' ali night; rioms 25c to $1 per night: »1 25 to
$sper.weelc. J. G. Dlt A KE, Manager.
ANT AUa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch utlice, south-
west' corner sixteenth and ; Mission sts. ' \ •- : v
1 f\t\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c, 150
IKJy) and 20c a nlgnu* including eotfotj aua roilj.
t24 Wasbinzton- su . near Kearu.-.
nrt)i* MISSION BRANCH OFFICE OF
£i)£\J Thk Calx; subscriptions ana waut ada
taken. ' -,
ANTr.P-LABORERS AND MECHANIC!*
' » -o know that Kd Rolkin, Keno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hou<i». 217 Third st. : 15 J
large rooms; 25<^per night; $1 to 9'i )«r week.
pOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINuLE FUR-
XV nished room's, -'0c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wlc
•: SIMON WANTS 100 M..N TO I.XT BOT-
. lie beer or wine 6c: besi free lunch. 643 Clay
WANTED-SINGLK ROOMS, 15c a DAY; $1
wee:-: rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. J 6 Clay su
\\ r INCHKSTKK HOUSE, 44 1 HIKI) ST.. NR.
• " MarKei; 200 100 ms, 25c a nlghs: reading*
room: »re<» Hits and Ks-'nn u> and irom lhi» »rry
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
xV Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WKITAKER & RAY COMPANY. 7v:3 Market st.
. FUKNITUKE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GUOD PRICr.S FOR FURNt-
ture and merchanaUe see BURD, 211 Larkla.
T7<URXiTURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
£ ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market. •
HIGHER PKICK IHAN ANYWHERE PAILI
XXov lrn)ia>. Anrtlnn o. 057 Market. onn.Jonei
KOOMS wanted.'
LADY WITH 2 CHILDREN WANTS 1 OR 2
J furnished rooms' for housekeeping centrally
located: ren from $10 to (IS E.. box 136. 1 all.
1 WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
"IirA.NTED-Fr.KSH COW AND CALF OR A
»» U:ht np.ring wagon In exchange for palming
orjpap^ r-hanging. Address F. J. S., box 147, Call.
'SECOND-HAND BUTCHER'S DELIVERY-
O wagon. "*T wenty-sixth and"STinchez sts
\\! ANTED - LIGHT BICYCLE; BRING IT
. »» a.ong. 616 Geary sU . ' .
$i;rj BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE
- U securing position for young lady In store
or oflice Address W. W., box 61 , Call Oliice. .
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKR, SASHK^
doors, mantels, etc., for esle. 1168 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
fciry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send nostril.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
ALL HAIL HER MARVELOUS PREDIC-
t ons; only medium cuaraiiteein; dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Fitzsimmons prize-fight;
named 3 winnin;: numbers iv the last lot'.ery
drawing: can give yuu a sure thing at the race-
track; ladies, consult her on domestic and love
afi'a ri; removes evil Influences and possesses only
•Napoeon" tall man. MISS VAN DE VERE,
Parisian nropheless. parlor 1. 1 Fifth st.
MME. Dii TiiOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RKVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, lutnre; consultations on all affairs:, noth-
ing excepted; names giveii; sood advice: sore
help; restores lost lovs by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. »29 Post su, nr Larkln.
THEL GRAY. CLAIRVuYANT. CARD
reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st. between
seventh and Kighth. *
MME. LEGUETTE, LIFK-Rt-ADER; BUSl-
uessalvice, one price, 25c. . 311 Tehama St.,
near Fourth.
ME WALTERS CF Tehama ST.: CARDS
ladies 25c, gems COc. 931 Mission,. nr. sixth.
pONSULT THE Lt CKIES. AND BEST ME-
\j dium; 25c; one price. 41 Minna, ur. Second.
.NOW THY FUTURi'. ;■ CARD 3 READ
R.NOW THY FUTUR. ; CARDS READ
. truthfully; 25c. 419 Geary, room 22.
MMr.. HA NSKN, PALMIST. CARD-KKADKR;
past, present and future: 25c. - 14H fSlxtb, r.5.
ME. MOREAU. BKST 'LAIRVOYAXT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 HowarJ su
* — ;
MISS MELVILLE,: WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.'.-water readingsa specialty.
MISS INA COHEN. PARISIAN . CARD-
reader*and magueiist. R. 10 and 11, 122 Pusu
MME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice ; names given; 25c up.6 Fourth
pONSULT THE PROPHr TESS; PAST, PRES-
\J ent and future; 25c. 243 a fchipleyst., off riith.
G\PSY LIFE- KEADER. 3 SiVENH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 50c; all questions answered.
ME. SVBILLE TKLL.-i FKuil CKaULp. TO
cravetricturei veu Indies *46Ci '1 4 tyKarrell.
SmJIITUALISM.
. \,J RS. C. J. MKYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUE».,
i»t Wed. and Trl., 2 p. m.; 10c: trance dr., Mon. &
Fri. eve., 2;c: sii:lii£S daily. 326 McA lister st.
MX. OSMAX, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
um: lite read i n love aff . irs, business Invest-
, ments,mlnlng speculations a specially. 838 Missiou
MBS. MA'VO STEERS, 112y 2 OAK; CIKCLE
Tuesday, 8 P. »t., Tburs., 2r.K.; readings $1.
MRS. Ui A. GRIFFIN- CIR. SUN.' KVK.; 25c:
lest mtg. Tli 11 r. eve.; stgs daily. 428% Grove
AM. FKANIiIS, -INDEPENDENT SLATE
. : writer. 118 Haleht sU: hours 9 unttl 6P. if.'
MKS. IiLLIS, MEDIL'.H: SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues.. Fri.. 2p. m.. 26c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. 'J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test u:edium <fe :lfe reader. 218 Stockton
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
I- years; painless extraction: see ouraew combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lign test, coolest plate made;*
warranted 10 yiars: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 S:xth stree:.
pROOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 8d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng. tvith'tas, $1: plates, $5 up: fill, $1 up.
<n»7 FULL* SET TEETH: BEbT MAKE;
•ijj 4 . kept In, repair; extracting fllllnxs,soc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific DtntaV Parlors, 18'Th'ird.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET SI.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays ill.! noon. o "
POSITIVELY PA IN I.KSS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Pcwell:tel.malns376
/ IUUO.N UtiS'l'AL A^^^OClA■i•iO.N. BU6 -iAtt-
.Vi/jcetst. DR. CHARLE-> W. DECKER.
0.7 a SET for .TKKTH— wahranted as
<jp I good as can be made; filling $1 DR >IMM.d>
cenilst, 930 Market st.. next Bam win Tbeater. '
T)AINLESS J-.XTRACriON, 50c: CROWN
X brldgo woric aspeclnlty: plates 95 up: 13year<
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815>>4 Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILU 1443 IiAKKKT'ST, NR.
Eleventh; no rh»n;e i lor extracting whea
plates are made: old plate* made over like ue\t;
teeth lrom $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas yen.
VJ ET Oi.- ' TKKiU Wl'i'iiOU V u i'i..>tik jJii.
O, H. G. Young, 1841 Polk 3:.
DR- Gfc.ORG IS \V. LEEK. IriK LINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
end patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 6 to o'FarrelU;.
ALL WORK REASON ABLK AND WAK>
ranted. DH. J. W. KEY. 1320 Mar su
LOST. .
T OST— LADY'S GOLD WATCH. SATUR-
SJ day nfternooii, on either Geary or Market st.
Finder will please return to 517 Leavenworth st ,
near Geary, and receive a snltable reward.
1 OST UNDAY., FKB. 1;8, ON I'AHS.OK
;■»;• Holy Cross Cemetery ; purse contaii lug money
and run.* coins. . Fin Jtr please return to lbO3
is-.iu -i 5.., and rec.ive rewarJ.
LOS I— THURSDAY, BUNCH OF KEYS ON
ring: suitable reward. 2708 Mission st. : .
INCON PARLOR, N. S. G. W^: EMBLEM
Reward at 725-7*7 Green st.
I OST-PASSBUOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
J-J Savings aud Loan Society of t-an Francisco in
the name of HaHI.Em KIN or MaUY
LAKIN. The finder wll. piense re urn to bank.
JO-.T-A PASS-BOOK WITH TKK HIBEHf
-i nlit ravings and Loan Micietv of San Fran
cisco In the nnme of LYS>T KLOTZ, or M\'l-
THaUS KLOTZ: No". 162,712. The finder will
pte«se return to ba ik.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
su:: want ad- nnd sul scrlptions taken. . ;.
I'IIOXOOKAI'HKIH S UPPLIKS.
BEST GEL i TINK FAPER IX MARKET IS
-Deferfti*-r"; price low; ■* try It. Sole Coast
I Agency, California lamer* Company, 22 Geary st.
' BUSINESS CHANCES.
QKEA GR'ICEBYAXII BAK: 5 LIVING-
iJrOOXJ. ; rooms. STEXBER*;. 63i Mar. et st.
HIGHEST CASH ±>HICF;- PAID FDR FURNl-
ture, restnuraut. saloon fixtures and- ltoc.t •
stocics. STENBEKG. 632 Market: tel. main 1013. "
; : ;
CU^nrV BUTCH EX- SHOP; UOOU LOCA-
<tJP»JUU. tiou; finely fitted up: cr.^h regiiter;
borse and wagon; clea s $100 a month: see this
bargain. STENBEKO & CO., 632 Market st.
C*O.^n ' BIST .ROUTE I> CITY: CLEARS
«ITOOV/. 00 per month: trial elven; sa< ritlied
account of depa-ture. S.TKNBERG, 652 Mur<et.
CjJAA RESTAURANT: NKAR RAI ROAD
«iP"3v/w. depot; large numb»r regular boarders:
neat, attractive place: compulsory sale exchange
for real estate. STENBEKG CO., 6.-2. MarKet st.
ffijlCA |BRANCH BAKERY AND ICACY
VDiOKJ. store mn3 bi S"'d: llvinc-room*: nice
sunny yard; no ag.-uts. 349 Fourtn st.
NEWLYFU NI-JIED DINING-ROOM IV A
large lodging-bouse: 35 bo rders ; cntral io-
cation: goi transient trade: vt-rv low rent. UN-
DERWOOD & CO., 76; Markftst. ;
YV"A NTKD— INDUtTKIuUS MAN WITH 9125
»' capital as par:ner in proauce freah. sat and
smoKed men business; < t:s»i trade; old sand:
must lake charge of receipts and 000k and work
in store, present own»r attending to outside cus-
tom; will guarantee $60, Poard and Ind.-inst montti-
lv by doing our own work. Inves Isate at place,
647, Twelfth St., East Oak and station.
AMBURG— AN OLD ESTABLISHED (1854)
Hamburg hous« of best standing and with,
prominent conne:tions is open io icpresent a Hrst-
cia>s manntactory or to undertake the sale of a
bulk article. Address to R, H. f>. < »r>- or UAAS-
EN*TEIN <jb VOGLER, A. G., liambur,-.
WOOD AND COAL YA D FOX SALK;
tf cneap: doing a good bu-lness; selling on 00- '
count ol leav in, city. 1915 McAilis'.er K<
\\r PARTNER UN DERSTA DI NO
»» lunch uusiii"s<: es ablbhe.l paying saloo.i.
PartlcuUrj, 539 California St.
LAUNDRY OFHC-:, DOINO GOOD BUSI.
ness: rooms and yard- rent $12. Address
Box 68, Call Branch Oflice, 339 linyes st.
ORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SAI.K,
*J cneap; ful. slock: spiling on account of SKk-
ness. Apply 331 Sixth st.
PABT>KH W NTED IN GOOD PACING
restaurant; down to'-.vn location. 717 Mission it.
SALOON AND CIGAR >TORE AT A BAH-
gaiu. 600 Ellis st.. northwest cr Leavenworth.
$i (\(\ OOOD SALOON: RENT $15: MUST
tjp I \J\J. be so.d to-day. 120 Montgomery aye.
GOOD CORNER SALOON' AND CluAit
stand; for sac; cbesp. &IBV2 Geary st.
SALOON: ESTB 8 YEARS: SELLING ON AC-
count of other business. 639 California s:.
ESTAURANT FOR SALE: GOOD PLACE
for man and wife; cheap. 324 Larkln st.
'7 " (\ STEADY SOBER MAN WILLING
tS>£>)\J. to work as partner in light manufne-
turing business; well established and will posi-
tively clear $100 per mouth to each; references.
Address M. (>., box 43, this oillce.
T.KIR SALK— SEL CT BOARDING-HOUSE Ol'
X 43 rooms: h: ndsomely furnisned: dlnlng-roona
attached: with 40 regular boarders; central loca-
tion; cash offer only; no agejta. Address C. P.,'
box 76, Call Ollice.
LO-ESTABLISHKD HAY AND GRAIN
business; Jpa. ing wfII: cbolc%locatlou: must
leave cr.y on account of failiut; health: inveulgo-
tion solicited. Address G. M. E . box 28, Call.
MILLINERY PARLORS; CENTR \ L LOCa.
tion: Oakland: barjaln. Address M., box 18,
Oaklaud Call Oflive.
piGAR-STORE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE;
\J in good location: very reasou able. 518 I£a>e3. .
rfh \f\f\ RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
tjpnv/v/. house, with lurnished rooms: near ,
local railroad sta. ion. Addrejs H. M., box 1, Call
Oflice, Oakland.
TATIONISRY STORE: OLD, GOOD-PAYINO
place; n\'-f for women to make m good living.
Inquire call Oflice.
WANTED— A GOOD BUSXNES-S MAN A-H
»T partner. For particulars call at J. L. BOON'S
offlc , 214 Pine st.
l/OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; FOUR
-T living-rooms. Inquire 600 Fourth st.
yOUNG EASTEr.N LADY WANTS GENTLE-
X man partner. 850 Market gt., room 5.
\4. ANTED— A PARTNER I.V THE SALOON
" business. Apply 442 Bush st.
OhOSPKROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
PROSPEROUS REI-ÜBLICAN WKEKI.Y
X newspaper; golden opportnniiy: easy termi;
owner leaving. - .Address -\., box 61, tiiis oflice.
SALOON BUSINK»s; FOR SALE — THE
stock of liquors, cigars aud fixtures of snloon
contained ' in premises. 500 Hnker at., corner of
Grove, In this city, and belonging to ihe estate of
Daniel McFndden, deceased, is. for saie. Bids or
offers for the same will be received up to lJ
o'clock M., Monday, the first day of March, 1597,
at room 35. Chrbnlcle building. A. C. FKEESfc;,
i-pecai /dmlnisirator of the estate of DANIEL
McFADDEN. deceased.
yi.UXO widow OF means DESIRi.S gen-
X t'.etnan partner. Room 6, 995 Market st.
\~. UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENiLEMAN
JL partuer; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
*siQOn SALOON: DOING NICE BUSINESS;
«3pOl/l/. fine locatlO'i ; nicely tilled: fine rung 1
for lunch; patent beer pump?; owner leaving city;
a bargain. UNDERWOOD it CO.. 765 Market st.
S.QA/I FOR HALF-INTEREST IN MAN.U-
<InOUV' facturingbu-lness. Apply 328 Buah su,
room 4.
SALOON; OWNER 6 YEARS IN SAME
place. Apply Anchor Brewery, 1431 I'actflc.
STORE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS; ELEGANT
location tor business. 406 ourtli st.
I^OR SALE-FINELY FURNISHED HOUSE'
-T 10 rooms; all lented; cheap. MS Taylor st.
yOll SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCE-
X I store on Fifth street. Ca!l 427 Front st.
9".ir< MISSIO-N — SUBSCKIPTIONa A.\Q
»_tj_.v) want ads taken lor Thk Call.
T ATEST CAR FENDKR PATENT: BEST IN
XJ veiition. .\ pply 623 Golden Gate aye.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. '. APPLY THIS
Oflice.
A NIMATOBCOPF— PKOJF.CTIN<; LI V I NO
A pictures. AnlmutobCOiie, 933 MrkU, 7tb floor.
IyEWSPAPEIt ROUTE. 1> INTERIOR CITY
J-\ close to fan Francisco. For particulars apply '
this oflice. * ■
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE, o
QA-ROOM HOUSE ON MAi^KET 5T...1.?1,40Q "
OU 24-room house, 0ti1y.. .-. 850 •
10 rooms, on McAllister 5t... 1 400
20.room»; corner: ue.w #...» l..'i"j
14 rooms oh Suiter 350
7-rooni house, only 250
18 rooms. ne..r the Baldwin....*.. • 500
H. C. UKOKKH, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
AUCTION PRICES BEATEN; OOOD MONEY.
makers • • •
9275- -Surely worth double; 15 rooms on Sixth. ,
$350 — Va cash; 22 rooms; berr's h snap.
1f 600—24 rooms: Market: «ood *or 1 i>J e'enr.
Also^ew houses to leu SPECK, <Jt Co.. 602 Mku
OA ROOMS: KLEGANT: I'A.YiNG; KOUTH
Ol" of Markeu : ...::..*2803
11 rooms; new; sijnny; central..." o i>7s
Furnished house: 11 ■«; north of MarKet 110
L'ADKKWOOU «fc£O., 765 Market s'. -^ ;
FOR SALE— FURNISHED LOboiNG-HOUSE:
10 rooms aud bath. 128Va Ninth st. '^v**
lj ROOMS; NK\v FURNI lURt'.; FULL OF
ll rooa<trs: offi-r wanted. . 402 Geary st.
" ■ .
QQCi HAVES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Out/ i all: subscriptlnrn and want ads raken.
FUKJJITURE FOX SALK.
RETIRING FROM RETA?L^^rsi>CESS^ .
X\i must close out sloe ie In SOilays: brusseU c»r-
pet, ft^Ho yard; floor ollclo:h. 18c; mat Inc. 7o
yard; bedroom sets, 3 pieces. *9 60: 4-ronn fur-
niture ontflt, $Bi. SHIKEK & SHIKEK, 747
Market st . opp. Grant aye. : .
AT L. J. NEUaIANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOii
lowest prices on household roods: new or tooi
is new: cas, or on time: open evenlnys.
-TMJKNrn-RK FO.» SALE: MUST BE SOLD
J before Wednesday. 2528yfr S»tter gt
CAKPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED. RENOVaIED LIKB
V^ new. J. MCQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. S.2JS.
CIITY STfcAM ARPLI' LLi.AM.\(I WoKKV
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVKN*
Mi;r. 6ti and 40 1 lg:uh St.; telephone South 250.
VKi HEN YuU Bc:c;uMli IiI«OUSTEi> WITH
"' poor work send 10SPA ULDING'S Pioneer
pet-b«?atlnic Works. 553-57 1 ehama st.; lei. So. i).
CARPET-irLEANING, 3c: LAYIN(», 3c: IIUQ
'samples free; tel. Jejule 944. Siratto i, 3 Bth su
•\ DVANCE ARPET-CLKANI:^U CO., 403
XX. Suiter; lei. Main 894. • GtO. W AL< OM.prop.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaniiig reuoviß. ait°r-
O . atlun works. 409 McAllister, lei. Jrsslo 3lil.
ARPETS CLKANEDA RKNOVaTKD LIKK
new. 23 Tenth; lei. feouth 3tt MackintOih Je Co.
JK MllcHi-LL. CAKHs.T-1 i.p.i.Mv,, ci> "
O . 240 14th su : clea.i:lns 3c ■ yard. TW. Mlj. 7 l
CJ O^?^ 1 ;-'* \« !Attl>Jffl '- BKATINO- WOKIC-,
\J S3a Oolclen date HVe. , 'leiephone I'lasi l'.'tj. .
_^ STORAGE. .
T^EDUC^D RATh^rFUK^ iT^^^p7\lioX
IX household gooas, eia J. M. PlEßck, 785*Jlkfc°. ° HOUSES TO LET.
MINNA — NICE MOI'SK 8 R!»,).MS AND
ifJ-OJ bath: $30. UMBSEN.l4Momgonierrsu
°t;-ST«.iRY 11 IUSE -OF fl ROOMS AND BATH-
—in w..rnn belt the -Mission. PATTKKSON &
CO., i! Valencia at. ' . '
I XO9 c BAY-WIXDOW HC-L'SE 7
! <!»)— rooms: impts.: large bas-ment: yard;
fine marine yiew: Vs blpck fr m Jackaon-st. car 3.
RARELY" BKACTIFCL N W." CO R. S UTTER.
1; nd Scott sts. 6 big rooms. $27 50: wa-erfree;
nppn'ciated if s«-en. Apply opposite corner Erocery
Q I'APP.' Xii. TSVENTV-FOUHTH-MOD-
■ OttO'ern'-hou-e of 7 roomi and bath: in the
.warn} .belt of the Wifs on; rent $22 50.
OUBE -OF 6 ROOMS TO LET; RENT* $15t
water free. 4. Chestnut st. ,. > .^/ 1 -, •.
•1 A AND I_> LILY' AYE.-5 KOOMS: NICE
-1 v/ yard. Key »t 113 Oak st ■ .■ • •
HOU-EOF 8 ROOMS AND BATH. 305
Austin near Frauk!in w
HOUSE OF"6 KOOMS AND BATH, YAKD
an 1, large dr\- b.sement. 110 Noe St., bef.
; Fourteenth and Fifteenth; rent" sl6.
°\ ° Nice opper flat; 6 rooms and bath: all modern
improvements. 905 Fourteenth st., near Noe:
' rt-nt Sl7: Key at crot-ery. cor. Fourteenth and Noe.
TWO H.'l'SKs OF 7 AND B NICK LARGE'
X snn -y rooi.s. newly painted and paperert and
thorou^'lil-,- "renovated: large bfsement: laundry
0 ami bath: niccyard in front and rear; 419 and 4^l
. (.'astro near Marice;. Inquire of owner, 20S0
•_ Market st. ' . jAaJH
rro LET CHKAP. $1-6, 5-JtOOM HOUSE 1 AND
- X basement. 10 Folsoin aye., bet. Seventh and
Eigbih sts. * ' '
° <Sii,C\ HOUSK IN U !■: ,\ X l--»7 I'ACIFIC.ST.;
»jp lU. 4 rooms and baih: washstand
« "VTK. COR. CLAY AND ■DEVISADKRO;-- 10
i.™ rooms; fine order. ... „ .
' TTOUSKS TO RENT ■FOII 1 . VERY S.ITTLK-
H money »t BALDWIN* HOW ELL'S, 10
-■ outgomery st. ,°- "' '
QO.) GKAKY. M:. LAHKIN— IS I'.UOMS,
•'_•") bath: rent .very low. UALDW'I.V <&
HOW 10 Alouteomery su . , , '
. <L* Ifi 2-STORY l'KAMfc.. 4. BOOMS AND
■ ril', baserao.nj; n»t«r fre-: quiet and resp»ct-
! nb!e neicliborliooi. ' 13 selinii place, Tfi nortU side
• alii'omia st.". below Sftwkvon: ke/;»i 8.
199 ,>u -I! >IN.\V HOUSE; 9 ltOOMS;
• J —— V yurd; rent reasonable to a {,-ood tenant.
€l-lM T731 BROADWAY, NKAK GOUGH— B"
• •„ "l^j. rooms; every conyeaience: marine view;
• |).Ui IK.V.A NTs KJKCTJCD: $3. SMITH,
'1) collect-or, 14 McAllister St.. roonis'lo-11. .
r•„ I'UKXISH'EI) HOUSES. •
VUUNIS-Hh.n RESIDENCE AND GROUNDS
'.-» o 'for *;:le or lease at a bargain; the owner will
: sell or ieme," rfSldence • with 12 room* partly fur-
; ii:.hej wirii abopt c two .acres of lanrt liirhly irr.-
proved, situate In East Oakland oneleclnc road,
within ten minutes wa'k from Twentr-thlr i-s:reet
stHtion: b:o*d eauge railroad nnt niQilerat and'
r.r.< reasonabio. \ For further particulars apply
MAKSON & BURKE. 6-6 Market si.
E-LEGANTi.Y FURNISHED HOUSE OF "6
rooms: rooms can be rensed; on north side
of Mission st., between Fourf.n «n<! Fifth. For
ljarticulnrs apply to '-MADIbON <t. BURKE, ti-b
"Marlcei st. o •_. °i
'• "■ . = ° ll'KXlSHtl) KLATS. . o °-
"»?= 1 A 1 GUTTER— SvUNNY MODERN „ UP-
•— .' l-il •> per. fiat 6 rooms: very cheap: "large
y.ird: call 12 lo 0 » '•".","•'• ; ' •
\ • • CO"TTAGKS TO LKT. ° .
Q_7 \i\ Cd,TTAGE OP 8 SONNY" ItOOM ; ;
«iP=i -«-/*'. yard, Jot and sbed; • sewers: water
•free; t 26 Bennin- s:., near Cortlana aye.; key
'at grocery. 3-418 Mission st. EAS'iON, EL-
VRiJJQK CO., Market st
'J '| SE V TKKSTH ST . BEr.'NOE'AND
• > t)l Saneher—B rpomi; 0 .large sunny ''yard;
rtnt,.sl4.
Ql7 SIXiNV COTTAGK 4 ROOMS, BATII*
C> o l°l . and ba-iement. 220 13lh st., near Howard.
CIOTTAGEt. 4 RuOMS AND IJATH AND
/ wasiiluJtts; large yard. -23 I'olk st.
•°Q 7 " >EW< 5-KOOM COTTAGi WITH B.\SE-
O • • raent. App^y 6% Silver s.. or 9 Roscoe st ,
off Crescent aye. 3 O ° ° . ° .
OTTAGE OF 4 o RUOMSi M-DERX IM- :
» provemems; ■ sunny yard and ce.lar. 1831
c O'Farrell si. ' r - « o '" -
C* ( • 225TL00D AVK., SUNNVsIDF. TR CT. •
V "'• Tilt; JicCABTli \ Ou:, 846 itarket .s-. "
O« Y(\ KACH-COTrAGE.,3%" TAY ST.. COR- ;
I\J nerClay and Powell: flat. 1X23 V»,'htiO;«t. ; {
Q/» COZY REAR COTTAC-K. Ri'O^S; 715 j
'. U. Teuama sl, near'Elghth; no children:
sunny. o » ; % » . . I
COTTAGE TO LET. 'NDER'SON* & CO., 1
/ Twenty-ninth and s-anchez s.s. ■'•*'
pBSAP: M.OOKBS COTTAGE; STABLE; \
V I furniture ahd chickens for saie. 4U6 Eoswoitn. j
pOTTAGK: ALSO STORE: SUITABLK.FOR !
\J butcher or fruit. 118 Fillmorest.
: .Cj 1 r NICE COTTAGE; . 5 ROOMS? BATH: :
0 ■»«-»• sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye. •
6w| I 1 JES-SIK - COTTAGE OF 4 "BOOMS;
D^-»a rent $9 ° . ' I
o .;°c FLATS 'TO LET; '
.-ROOM >LAT WITH BATH. 77. FEET.
•' from California St.. on Hyde: a apl<-iidid place
for'man and wiic o. o wi:h one child: wat r free;
rent reasonable. inqure at 1328 Calliornia s:.:
a'.s<s one. in rear; .4 rojuis; water free; rent $10.
inquire 13-8 Calif orniasu. .- . * • 0<
"V"ICE FLATS TO LET — BAY-WIHDOW. ci
-L^ oud 7 rooms and bath ; sunny side; Nineteenth 1
s'.,<bi:i. liuerrero .Dolores, Nos. 3660 and 3662; \
Vaieicia and Guerrero streetcars ha:. fly; rent $18
end $.;«>; keys at grccery, cor. Guerrero. A »>ply to
A. fiL U'r.tiu., Real Ks:ate Agents. 415 Mont-
gomery st. ; . °
'"fiq-fll^islO.t, BET.'SIXTEKNTH SKV-
-.uyi enteenib— 4 r-Jonjs, bath. Key drugstore.
7 1 A "n/.,toma— flat'of * KOOMS; large
1 It: yarJ: sun all day: rent°slt). ' • *•.
rDKAUTIFoUL (OKNER Jf°LAT. 8 ROOMS
Xi and b.ith. . 2)23 Van Ness tive , cor. Fulton at.
(JIN'.Y 3-ROOM ATS-l'Ht 11AYBKLLK,
»5 2U2 Grove st., c°or. Van Ness aye. ;'ir.'.'{ i "
r-i. ,-. BRa.nXa>', ABdVE SIXTH — NICE
1~0 low>r flat'Of ri orris; rentchi-ap. 0 ' -
t.-«LAT TO ..LET OF 5 ROO.\tS ANT) BATH;.
_T .-W. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire" sts.;
rtnt moce"ratt. •; ...
©1-7 kl\ 'S*3°OASTRO NEAK NINK-
•IrX I .Oyj, jea?ntb— iop Wat; 6roomi: porce--
lain bath. _-'. „ ;.-".!.:■'•,•"
C*l|-«'3631 MNErr.EN'U', nEah GUER-
<J) 1 U. >reio— Lowtr flat; J rooms; porcelain bath.
-j n/)D MIN.VA. NR. KLKVENTI —4 SUNNY
IUUO rdbms; folUtD<-door: gas; rent «1H 60. • w
'''XXI- T>KNTY-SECOND, .NR. ■CHCRCH-
•SOOO «ay-«indow, snnay flat 5 rooms, .t-ath ;
rebt re<l»iced to $12 50. - - ' • • <i
1 Ol Ql LAGUNA-6-HOOM FLAT; LARGE
Ijl.l »J'i yard and cellar. Inquire -door,
No. 1221. -' ' a \\, •
AJEW FLAT OF "7 SUNNY ROOMS and
±>batb; air modern improvement*. Twentieth-
St., bet. Howard aud Capp. " " '. ■ •]
-I /IOKI SACKA3IKNTO. NX. itYDE— FLAT
X'J^iJi of 5 room* and buih: $15. •
"VTEW FLAT, 9 KOO.MS AND BATH. 27
J-i Herman st. cor. tetfevenson, ce&r Valencia. -,
SUNNY TOP FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH: LA T-
esuitnprovements; - rent $1&. Key 713 Grove.
YEAR CITY HALL: ELEGANT' SUNNY
X> flat, 5 rooms, ba:h; rent $VO. 141 Grove St.
(IT.Q HUNNY FLAT OF 4 R"OM": USE OF
r^>O. yard. 2621/ i Clara »t., near Sixth.
d*7 -/> LOWER SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS.
tj) I .OU. 375 s-anchezst.. near seventeenth.
t-«IN <r ST, cheapk>t, sunniest MODERN
JJ Ml-s:on fla s- 3;-12-8 Cumberiand St.. nr.Cburch.
A■• Dsol«iE SUNNY I LATH; 6. AND 7
roo . a. furnished or unfurnished; rents rea-
bonable. 1613 Iden Gateave. >iS .
1 linhLM AYE.-TWO KxTaT« 3 AND 4
I I 1 U ro)ras: $t> anJ $7; water fr«e;- yard,
/pply 1512 Golden Gate aye ■■. ..: ' •-•■■._■-; y ■■
LATS TO LKT KOR VEKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWKLL'S, 10 Mont-
eomery B. . ', , .■ - .
L|KK THOSE ICE UPPEWMODKRN FLATS,
0 22 and 28 Erie st, bet. Tblrt«enth and *our-
teenth, off Mission: 3 rooms aud bath; "reduced to
$18; sunny.:" '. -,•■.•'-_".'.' ' -•■''..
C- Q REAR UJ PER FLAT 4 SUN KOOMS.
«JTJU. 27 Pearl St., off JJarket. near Valencia.
AT ICE FLAT: *4 GOOD ROOM-*: CHEAP
1> reuc 624 sixth «t.. near Bryant. -
lA-lA LEAVENWORTH. BET. \\;ASHI>G-
J rl-o't ton and Jackson— fiearty new; ft.
rooms; porcelain tub: fli.e marine view; r large'
court or garden in-rear: renl*-7 50. _ •.* \ ■-•
1 (aH9 *>TEINER- IX)\VKR SUNNY KLA.T
J-UuZi of 6 rooms; modern Improvements.'^.'.'> •
i)Qt WEST MrSSION, NKAK TWELKTU-5
1602 pleasant sunriy ronm.i; second floor. • '
U* IVI LOVELY 81'NXV FLAT; 4 LARGE
ijpX£. wonjs.bath, gns and yard. , 3928 Mue;
leenth St., bet. Xoe and Sanchez; water free. - .'
FLATS TO LET-Coiitfcnued. "
1 OODI 'SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS;
loZiO'i modern improvements: rent $16.
arTO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 800 *^ATS
HO to let ci:eap at SPECK <fc CO.'S, 80 2 MarkeU
HEAP WODKHN FLATS, t> ' AND 6
rooms, gs 10 »lti: 10^ tli«rn. VJ3 srventh st.
S HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Buchanan . Street. , ' ■
nr\t> BUCHANAN, COR. TK LL-BAY-WIN-
OuZdow an.l small room. $11; bay-window and
large room, $15. ' . '-.'.
' Eddy Street.
n O EDDY— SUNNY.' (LEAN FURNISHED
"J IO room.-, $3 up; also hou^ekeeplug; no tran-
slen U '•' . ' • •
rji A EDDY— 3 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
I Lo rooms; $16. -■
■, tills Street.
'099 ELLIS (PALMETTO)— MOST DE^IR-
/)— — able housekeeping apartments in the city.
Eleventh Streeet. v
11 A B ELEVENTH — 3 SUNNY UNFUR.-
-i tr nished frout rooms; suitable for housekeep-
; ing: $3 up. • . . - -^
,•-"•>,- - ■ Fillinore Street. • .
Q>-\ A S PUN'NY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
»IplU. good yard. 2212 Flilmore sL, near Cray.
Hayes Sjtreet. • . ■ ■
09Q HAVES— 2 LARGE SUNNY T.OOMS
O+.O for h >usekeeping. .
, • Hownrd Street.
i7(*-\ 1 HOWARD — NICEL.Y FURNISHED
• \JI -J sunny suite; with kitchen: otirers; double
anrl single'; reasonable. . '
H9QI HOWARD— FRONT SUNNY SUI TK,
— O'j nicely iurnfshei for housckeeplnz;
bath $12. . " • ' - - • .
. eur:i v Streer.
99Q KEARNY-HOUSKKEEPING ROOMS;
— v either gas or coal stove: also. suite aud sin-
gle. • • -. . _ ■
Liirkm Street. "' "• ■ •
r.f\(\ LARKIN, COR. TURK-3 SUNNY FUR-
] fJU\' nisbed rooms for housekeeping. • ■ ■
.Slarket Street.
A9Q MARKET-3 KOOM", *8: LARGE
lu-O sunny front room, 912; 1 ro'oin fur-
nished. J4- • .
I.: . , '
;■■'-..'■ • " M-ajs'on Street. .•' • . •"
111 (\ MASON ST.. BET. WASHINGTON.
11JL I and Clay — Two" furnished rooms for
1 housekeeping: $12 50. - . • .
SlissioA Street.
Q^Q MISSION— 3 FRONT ROOMS- NEWLY
CU'-T'iifniished; everything ior housekeeping;
$14. i" ■ ' '. ■ ' . •
-1 99 I -MISSJON— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
i._ -j 1 rooms: also single; very reasonable.
Montgomery Street. ■
' p: 97 Montgomery; cor. clay— -opes
-jZ.% until 6:3- o'clock:, branch office of Tki
1 C AXX; subscriptions and want ads taken.
Octavia Street. • .'"
"I 4AQ OCTAVIA. COR GEARY— SUNNY,
! i -tSJO furnished bay-w iodow, $11; with kitchen,
: $16. . - ■•••■• . " •
lust streei. '.V ".. : I
i Q99 PO.ST-TWO BACK HOUSEKEEPING'
1 fjJL — rooms furnished; separate entrance; yard;
1 $io. • •. . .-•• -'' ". - ',-
'^■?fX.' ' -'■■ sansome Street. # . ; ." V ; V
j Q-l C* BANSOME— NiCK BUNNY NEWLY
10l U furnisheJ rooms, $3 and up. . "' ■-' .
' , ? .\ Second 'street. •
m SECOND —.LIGHT HOfSKKFEPING;
O^-t quiet ntid respectable; mos reusonabie.
• ili lra stroo;. _ '
1 A/»l THIRD ST. - NICELY FCRNISHED
iUO-> housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
I AA(\ THIRD— FUR-NISHED HOUSE-
I TiT'U keeping rooms; reasonable.
r 1 Q7HIRD— NICELY FURNISHED HO.USE-
i «J I •-' kecpt'is rooms; range 'and running "water.
I : . ■— _ ! .. :
Thirteenth Street".. [' : '
t)1 Q THIRTEENTH. NKAR HOWARD — |
— 1 i) Furnisned housekeeping rooms; bath; hot j
wa'.er:*yardr cheap. c '*- ■""" .•■■-— -^- ;•■■_■
Turk : Street. *J • '•_"; ' >
QIH TURK-SUNN y" sLITE. NEW FURNI-
«J±U ture, tfttti: also light tiousekesping..' " •■
r i Q Tt'RK - LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
' 0 ! O sunoy room; running water, gas and bath; !
$10. _ . • . " ; •
r iX TUKK-LARGE FEOXT ROOM, FUR-
tlttt) nisbed -for housekeeplni.- ■;!■".
C9l TURK —FLOOR 4 LOVELY' UNFUR-
( — 1 nisbed rooms and alcove; running water; ,
bath, grates - ' i
ROOMS TO .LET. '
Buith Stree-' •
Q9A BUSH— ONE LARGE SUNNY. FRONT j
i.!«v ro im and one small single front room; run-
ning water and bath; Turnisbed; reasonable.
■'."' *-• Eddy Street*.
•1 ■] Qfi £DDY' — LARGE s'UNNJT FRONT j
J. ] room, well furnished; opposite Jefferson j
square. • . - : . •
17IQA EDDY ->- 2 SUNNY FUKNJSHED
IiLO rooms; vsryteasonable. . ' .
ligli t Streetl •'
SHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUBB. 58 BTH
St.. near Market: 'furnished 0 and anfnrnlshed.
;. 1-iiM Street,"
m ELLIS— ELEGANT SUNNY FRONT
J Ii suite; also room lor light bonsekeeplng. ■
ROYAL HOUSK, 126 ELLIS — IXCANDKB.
cent lights In every room:' reading- room, con-
taining £ai>y papers; smoking-room and ladleV
rarlor; open all nl?lit:' rooms per -85c.i0
$1 SU: week, $2 to $8: month, teto 430: fire es- i
tapes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
. tfow ieady;Lot and cold naterlu lach room :.o«j .is.
rpHE I'.AMONA, 130 ELLIS, MR>i. KATE S.
• ilAK'l. inanacer— A jqulet.hnnne: centrally lo- 1
cated: newly furnish-U: elevator; hot <t cold water. !
*ilth strefet.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — BKLECT FAMILY
1 hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: -rooms'
60c, 7'ie and $1 per ttlgUt: $2 to S& per week.
m" 1 (\7 FIFTH— PLKASANT*. sunny', UNFUR-
JVM nished rooms to let. • .
Jr'olsofn >.;roe:.
rnt FOLSOM-iNEAT.LY FURNISHED SCN-
»i— Oay .single room: $3 50 a month. , • \ .".
: . Geary Street. ■' . , , _
1 f\.O GEARY — EGANTLY FURNISHED
•JL ' '«) snnny. roooisr en suite or single; office*, j
191 GKARY ST., OPP. UNION PQLARK—
t-i 1 «) unfurnished tooms; key at 217 Geary st. |
QQ7 GiiARY, COX. MASON— K\V LV FCR-
OOI nlshed snnny front rooms; suite or single;
terms moderate.
•791 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHEDROOM;
• — 1 rent reasonable; references.
Oolden Gate Avenue.
CAQ GOLDF.N GATE AYE.-SUNNY FUR-
O V/O nlshed room, suitable for 2: also single.
'.■.V* Hunt Street. :
Ql HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICKLY
01 furnished room: $J week up.'
Ivy Avenue. " :
QAQ IVY AYE. -LARGE, NICELY FUR-
i)ui/ nlshed, sunny rooms; bath; German fam-
ily; $5 month. ...
■>es»ie -irn'L.
Qf/r JESSIE, NEAR FIFTH-FURNISHED
Otu rooms; cheap rent. .
Kearny Street.-"':'' '^-_
A BLINGTON ITOUSK. 137 KEARNY -
A P.easjint sunny rooms, en solie and single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
i.nkin Streos. '■'"•■
29/lQ LAHKTN— B UNFI'RNISHED ROOMS
-."'-' to-let; $sj>er month. ... . . ;
; :V • - '■• Kit. ket'iitrees. '
.TTOSEMITE "HOUSE. 1045 - MARKET— PER
• 1 night, $35 to $1; wevk, $1 60 '.o*s; families.
1-1 99 MARKKT — S"" SUNNY .OFFICE
I 1 _- rooms; ilr»t .loor. •.."■■• '•,---'
9AQ/I MARKET— LARGE SUNNY ALCOVE;
Z\JO-I ajso 2pieasiint housekeeping room*:
_31 anon Street- '. *
1 1 f\A MASON-SUN V FRONT SUITES AND
lU^t single: newly furnished; running water.
-|19 MASON— PARLOUS -OCCUPIED V, BY
1 IZi dressmaker for years or suitable for doctor f
1 z . ' *."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MARCH 1, 1897.
KOOMS TO LET— Continued. v
1-nino si ree.. !
a(\ r i MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FCR-
'''J * nished hay window rooms; $1 per week.
... .-- < " ... .Aiiasion, Street. ;• •- '.: .7"^'--j
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 M ISSION-. SELECT
family roomlag house: fl SO to $tJ per week.
~-~ ' Ninth Sir'eet. .
91 NINTH-SUNNY FROST ROOMS; ALSO
L.JL housekeeping.
: 'C, ':'::'.-' --\ .'- Octavia Street. fi^?£
OCTAVIA ST.— FURNISHED ROOM;
' —•' .-panlsh family; with or without board.
Call 12 ji. b
urroll .mioo..
1 /l/ll O'FARRKLL— FURNISHED ROOM.
I" IJ. suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; 1 private
Jewish family. •
'. -<\ ; . '.■ Pine Street.' 1 - V '.••'..'
£»91 PINE -ROOMS .FOR GENTLEMEN:
\J±. 1 cheap room, use of kitchen," for elderly
coupla ' :,
' " i out street. ■ - .-.:.-
-9QQ POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON,
r LARGE SIJNNY OFFICES. ' SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOK, DENTIST. DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, . ETC; OVERLOOK* PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITEB.
OO9PO8T: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED RMS;
. I)— — hatLi; hot, co.d water; 18; sunny suliei.
" i oweti Street. . j ,"" ;
1 9Q POWE LL-N ICELY FURNISHED
J *-O rooms: suites or single: day, .w'eeic or mo,
99*: l > O\> r KLL,COR. G'EARY— LARGE SUN-
jL— t) uy .-crnir.roonj, nicely furnished; sun'jy
basement rcom. . •  .: .
'V*. l- -.;".•'••; Mionil >i.ruo:. " " - r '. •
91 7 BECONP— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
oli single rooms. - - ■ '- : ; .-;v:- : :: . ■
Shotwell Street.
(JJ.Q .8 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
i^u. bath; -."water free. "937 ShotweU su
Mxth'. Street. •' "
QQ SIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEMANT
Od rooms; nil. conveniences; lireprpof building.
:» . Son'th ParK. •' . ' ■ '
If* SOUTH P.ARK-SUNNY FUBNISHED
i-D fron^roojn: $6. " ' .' • • ' . .
:'."•.";■ btevension, Street. .'.;'• \£ ,"■ ~:
err STEVENSON,— 2 FRONT. ROOMS;
OOfJ rent reasonable. • . fTS'IW
. Stookton.sueo;.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON-FUR-
n! shied 'suites from $4 to $10 a week; single
rooms, .sl •0 to *:•> a week; hot -and cold water In
every room; baths: transient specially; tlevntor.
Sntter Street. ' .
I f\f\ PUTTEP. CORNER POWELL— SMALL
OUU sunny rooms forgentlemen; cheap;- board
optional. ' •■ .'-■ ii '
7^7-711 FURNISHED AND UN-
I* ' • furnished; choice: peaso'nable; appreciated
if seen. .
11/lfi surTEK SUNNY FURNISHED
lluO rooms an 1 offices; $16 up: single, $5 up;
gas and ba(h. . • , ■ ■• ,
: : - lnjiqr siree;.
TAQ'TAVLO''. — LAItGE SUNNY SINGLE
iUJ room*lsoi large double room $1 75 week.
■ ' • .Iwelfth Street.-., ■•
mT WEL F T H - FURNIS.HED ROQMS
suitable for man aud-wlfe or single men.
. ' >li»cellaneou«.
VICE FURNISHED SINGLE ROOM; VERY
1\ renso able;' references exchanged. Address
I ■1.. M., box 57, Call ufllce. . : iTjj'tiTJLl
SW. (.OK. SIXTEENTH bT.. NEARMISSION;
branch office of Tuk Call, .• Subscriptions' and
! want arts iakt-n." -.. • \ •
BOARDING AM) BOOMS.
-^~~««~ — -~- - L^^^,
i ■I CALIKOKNIA— NtiIWLY FURNISHED
I itJiU pleasant rooms, witb board. -' . ■
11Q LEAVKNWORTH.— BOARD AND
1 I'tJ room for 2: private fam ly; f4 »eek.
d*i-)(\ FINE BAY WINDOW «J SUNNY'
tJIZVJ. rooms; bath. 736 Minna St., near Ninth.
79P. PIN-K (KENOVA)-XEWLY fui:nish-
I L.O ed suites and singie rooms; service atrlctly
first class: references. ;. ' "!?>►>.
QHQ VAX NKSS AYE NEWLY FURNISH-
OUO ed vunny rooms, with board. .
OTEL BKBTUSO. 714 Bl SH— A FAMILY
hotel: ri-ncoH: ail modern conveniences.
tHILI)KE.\ BOABDED.
T\T ANTED— ONE OR TWO SMALL CHIL-
Vl dren to rare for at reasonable rates. Inquire
for address of J. M. H. a*, tue Cxll 081 -n. '
gTOKES TO LET.
onn VA.N NESS" AYE., NEAR GROVE ST.—
GUi' Store, with fixtures; rent reasonable.
TOKE AND 2- LIVING-ROOMS, SE. COR.
Page and Lyon sts.; rent chap. -
VTEW BAY-WINDOW STORE: SUITABLE;
i.l for b.rb-r s. opposite rallro'ad depot,
Twenty-fifth St.: $9. .. , - . . . • ,
1 QfW HOWARD— STORK WITH 2 LIVING-
IOU-j rooms: rentcheap.' - ;;';'.'.
Aid FOIIRTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
4ID in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN-
4-C'O.. 14 Montgomery st. j
. ' .OFFICES -TO LET. '
IC/-.Q MARKET— S CNN Y FRONT ROOMS,
IOUO en sul,.e or single: terms reasonable.
OFFICES, MARYE LAW BUILDING, 1504
Market st., at *io per suite, opposite the Lick
sta vary. ASHTON & G A'HUI 411 Mont-
gomery st. : .. • > . . *
QT. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
O PQwell— Desirab.e offices, with gas. Janitor and
elevator. . BOVK X, TO V CO., SO' .M ontgomery.
I .'•'. ■;.:.",■•; horses.
BARGAIN — MUST 'BE SOLD: , LIGHT,
strong delivery-wagon, with horse and burn.
blankets, etc., ami part of camping outfit; $30; or
separately. 1755 Mlsslon-st. ■-' .; ;/,.,
,A A HOKSEB FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
IyJ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st. :- auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
• IT OR SALE— MATCH TEAM OF BAYS:' WXLIi
Jl bred; suitable for doctor nr roal: sand 6 years:
gentle aud sound. At I'.elmont Stable, 2614 Mis
sion su; telephone blue 906. ; ' ' -
WANTED — MATCHED TEAM YOUNG
horses, 1200 to 1600 pounds. D. C. 183 Call
Office. . •■ . ■• ■■> ■-■--■.■■■• ■ ■ •-'-: ■■:;:,. •■■■•.
Tfk HEAD OF HORSES SUITAULK FOR ANY
OUbuslness 900 to 1600 pounds; f> (1 Turk-sL car
'stables, ISOI Tark; team of larite young males.
r/\/| SKT NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAB-
O\J\J ness:, all kinds: bugey.waron, carts. surr«r
*rockaw»r: 40 cheap hones. 15th and Valencia.
PAINTING AND PAPERING IN EXCHANGE
X for horse and wagon. 239 Thlrdst. . . / ;
I AKGE STABLE AND LOFT F->R RENT
1-t cheap. Linden aye., near Van Ness. " '
LL KINDS OF TURNOUTS |TO LKT AND
for sale. M. F. BOYCK'S livery stai le. 38 12 th st
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
m|7 JTA DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE;
■tip 1 I OKf. In good order. 1915 Mss.on st.,
Bear Fifteenth. % : ' . , , ~:
$19 r<i IMPROVED , HIGH-ARM SIN<--
ur • Zi.OyK er macilne. attaebm-nts. 'A'i7
Mission st-, near Twency-rlrsu /..;, . : .
OFKEE MILL. ; hI'A LKS. LETTER PKES9I
stand desic. money llil, safe: cheap. 102 Clay. .
|)UILER-J,ENGINES,aD- HAND MACHINERY
JJ. water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpman. 187 Beala,
I AItS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHKLV-
Jv ing, etc. , bought at.fi sod. 1068 Mission, nr. 7th.
ijGOOn MILCBf COWS . WITH FRIVATFi
customers; cheap. ; 310 Golden Gate aye.'; "■
TAKGE; DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
JLJ b.mic sitf-; chea : . 8 Mission st. v
HANDLAUNDKY MACHINE^; NEW AND
• JIL second-hand ; , tools suppled, etc. .. 766 Bryant
ij ABB, BACH.'- BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
« cases, ■ counters, ■ llnolenm, office furniture,
store and 'office furnitur • and fixtures, new < and
secondhand. J. N<;ON 1017-1019-1021-
Mission si-", above Sixth. :: - • ••
'.MEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE'THE BEST.
IV.W. a KAY MFG. CO. 12 California su 1 v.
•AKE'. SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKGK-SIZU
\J lire- ana bur«lar proof safe. i 100-111 Uulnt m.
■.:■■;:■--;■ • PERSON AtS. ■',""'"
WANTED- THE ACQUAINTANCE OF AN
elderly gentleman j (widower or bachelor)' of
menns, by »n inteliigent. refined elderly:, widow;
object business, and eventually -matrimony.- - Ad-
dress MRe. A. MONROE, Brooklyn Hottl, City.
"V"OU FALL • ; '■^A'--; : 7'{:'- -'. '". ■ ''■:..'.■ •• ,■ ! '■ ■: ;■ ,-:;,
.1 f«>m your wheel "or horse: nothing cures
t he rains, bruises, lam»ness or ntlffness Ilk •
VITA OIL. Never be without it. $1 bot.; 6 for
$5; charees prepaid. Address VITA OIL CO.,
1531 BUCHANAN ST.  . .
I/ 1 REE '■■ ':'■:,' y-:^ -'" '■" ■"' ' ' '■:'
r co isultatlon at DR. SMIH'S SANITARIUM 1
to 3. 6to 8; 8• un ays, 10 to 2. . : ; Dr. smith . wiif
cure that RHKUMATISM,- for one of those
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS Is worn the
pric? of the whole course Call without delay, or
address SANITARIUM, 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWuA'SPEC-
A talty: -private; no. fee without - success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc.; private detectives: eatafe. 10 years.
G.W.HOVVE, al:y-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
T)OOMSWKITKNED,SI UP; PAPERED FROM
XV $2 60 up. t 2808 .Twenty-fourth. -si., and 539
Tiilrast-..-. :i .-.-;.•; ':■'■"'."■::/,*'••/ ■ ■..-•.'^:
OLD GOLD BOUG HT; HIGHEST PKICEB. . Q.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'i-erreii su, nr. Mason.
M». J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR MER-
chan:; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye. .<;,;,;
JOSEPH GREVEN'S OPERA SCHOOL PRO-
u duced in-the shortest time more talent for the
profess io >al operatic stage, oratorio, concert and
church, than any other vocal teacher on the coast;
opera acts or single vocal selections at reasonable
rates; ior iar*er cnarltable affairs free" of char
Mnrphy. building, Market and Jones sts.; office
hours Ito 2. ._■• •V ■ -" :. .^'- :-\: ■■-'..:,;,■-
-1 t\l\(\ CARDS, fl 6U. SHOW CARDS.. KTU
IUUU 'lei. Black 141. HILL, 231/^ Geary sc
(Ej 1V A DOZEN— FINE CABINKIa »i' Wlu-
rl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
LAIJ.Y'TOLt) ME-THAT WHILE 1 WAS
doiiu" first-class- balr-dre«sing lor 25c she
would never go to a higher- place. 1 claim
to do as good work as any establishment charging
twice my 'price; shampoo-end plain halr-dressins;.
50c; halr-dressini: and treatment, with QUI> O-
• Nla Hair Tonic,'6oc. ' G. LED-ERER, 111 Stock-
ton. ■ ' . . : • .
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE. RE A-
X souab'ie: 10 years' experience; br*. 10 to 12 v.,
2 to 5, 7 to 8 P. m. G.K.WEBsTEK, 1027 Market, r. 6.
ISS.OLLIE LAKE. CARD READER AND
magnetisU Rooms 3 and 4, So9'Sutter.
V)IG OUTDOOK STERKOPTICON f>H()W EVE-
J~> ry night cor Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness, consult O W L ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
HHUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMB
. gaafitler. t23UoldenGate ay. Tel. .Sutler 471.
SSTROZYNSKI, 24|OEARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to others. .
C" VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling LAX DRY
.C.BABIN,.4iS Kearny st, - •. . -.'•".,.'
P-MNTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;'
X lowest estimates .best work guarante^d;'wall pa-
per 8c roll. AKDS. 1200 Webster, cor.Eddyt
MI-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened ujtylish halrdre'ulng parlor;
latest effects ;prlee 25c.. 124 Va O' Farrell, nr. Powell.
p:97 aIONTGOMEttY ST., BRAKCH OFFICE
''— i uJThk want ads aud subscriptions
taken. : .'*, " " . . ' - -
L^ARTINOTON'a ecuoOL uk \ZINK
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars aa to
terms, etc.. 424 Pin^su; Illustration* :umished
for magazines, newspapers, etc. '•
PUPTURK ANi>. PILES CURED: NU PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DR9. MaJs*
FIELD <k POKTKRFIELD. 838 Market st -
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PKOJECTINO . MA-
chtne; uses theklnetoscope ttlm pnoe $251*.
BACIGALUPI.^46 Market St. • '
"W ALL PAPER. 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
' ' lux. painting. etc., by contract or day's work,at
yonrown price. 'S.H. MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster sU
ELKCTRIO LIGHIS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester Houso. 44 Third sL, nr. Market;
'-OH rooms. 2 60 to $1 00 per night: 91 50 to*6 pet
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
-/-ILOAKS, FUK^ A.mi tiLlTs KKTAILKD ill'
\j wholesale prices.* Ftctorv. '.'0 Ransoms st. •
MEDICAL. .
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from -whatever fans ■) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement; best care and
privacy: regular physicUn ; 30 years' successful
■ practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed :con-
siiltation free, confiden lal : hours 10 to 6: pills $L
MRS. DX. WYKTH, 91H Post su. near Larkln.
r/j. H. JO!*aELYN*THE GREAT SPECIAL-
DH.3. H. JOSBELYX, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his va uabie services to the un-
fortunate. ■ With a mind ma ured a»d eurlched by
studies of an - advanced . order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat-to a perfect core. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been streng:h-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism' Is beyond his sure con--
trot. Ills female monthly remedies are sure and
safe In their tff'Ct*. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood 'are never-failing in their,
action, and are warranted for both youns; and old.
He excels all others in the cure private diseases.
over SO years of practice enab es him to wnrraut
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors, 006
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12. '- • ■>■"••-
B, FOC LET'S FRENCH . CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for all. female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang»r or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive; prlc* 91 60 per box:
sent free by malt, on receipt u< i»ric«. WAIXKH
8R09.. 153 Grant aye. • ' "
A bURE .CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
-\ eases from whatever cause; a borne In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRa GWYER, 226 Turk «.-,--
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
A less: never. fails in any case of monthly sick-,
ness, no motter what cause; no elec.ricity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded It a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years'. experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister su, next Hibernla
Bank; hours, 9- a. m. to 6 and 7t08.p. m. ■ - : v
\ SEW PROCEStS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
x\- s:rument used: every woman her own physi-
cian for ail lema.e trouoles, 110 matter from what
cause: restores always In one day: can be sent
and used at home; all cases guaranteed: genuine
new pro<'esBcaii only be had at my office. Adver-
tised *0 ye»rs DR. PuPPj-jK, 318 Kearny st/'y..;
PROCESS THAT NEVER . FAILS TO BK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boars when msdlcines
and others have failed; no instruments used:,
many ye'ars' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free.; -terms .reasonable; first-class privat»
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1128
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore. :',•■'
RS.' GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
nearor-far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease er ' complaint; home for ■■ patients; - best
skill: free diagnosis; low -fees; self-cure. 401
, Van Ness aye. : ■ . ■' - ■ ■•;■ ■ .-* .•". ■ - ■
K. AND MRS. WKGENER; 626 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: qnlck relief
for travelers: .best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted Id good families; consultation free ; pills 92.
rpo LET— BRIGHT SUNNY OFFICES IN THE
1 Union-square Market building, Powell St., bet:
Gpary and •. O'Farr**!!. '■ For particulars ; apply to
BOVEE, TOY <fc 80NKTAG, 30 Montgomery st. r -
ALPEAU'S FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A dles with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure: 92 60 express CO. D. ; don't delay nntil too
late.> OBGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland;Cal.
AT THE PEUI'LK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nsbed for si; caU or write. ' 1029^ M rket su,
bet. bixth and Seventh, -an i'ranclsuu, Cal.  ;
ALL . FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
iA. eases of the eye permanently cured • at : MRS.
UK. HCOTT'S. 410 Geary su; consultation free.
U PRAE'« FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe aud efficient emmenagoirue: .91 per box.
RICHARDS CO.,drugglst,s, 06 Clay su.soleagts,
ON'T FAIL to CONSULT DX. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 - Maricet st: - his 30 year*
tuccessful Is a imaniniea ot fair treatment; :
Uie worst cases treated satlsfaeioriiy by mail.
TTN^URPA^SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
JU troubles. diseases. MRS.DR. PUETZ,264y s 4th.
OME. A FRIEND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DX. FUNKE. 1416 t.lghtti su. Alameda,
I\R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STBEKT, NtAi*
J ' Jones. ■ Diseases or women and children.;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGKS.
J>OR SALE-TKA, OPFEK AND SPICE
wagon: new and second-hand wagons of .; all
Kinds. 1340 Tv SU ;,;■< i: : • .
mOP koTkaway, ex press AND 3-CAN
X milk wagon; must be sold. -1620 Mission su ;■-;
TVTEW ANDSKCO.SD-HAND BA K B, LAUN-
XN I dry and mllk-waKon: also fine top boggy and
rockaway. ' 828 Harrison tL ■■;':' ■' .: , r;.'
[ p{ HOTELS. ;' i '■■: ' ■'."' , ; : - ; '
B~ ROOKLYN .HOTEL, 208-21' i BUSH^ST^
board and room ft to 'fa per day, 6 to 912
per week; < choice rooms 60 cents to 91; , suite
100 ms for family $1 to Bl 50 per night: Urst-dau
service: tree coacb. CHAKLKB MONTGOMERY
■ •:;':"■: ; '' ! PHYSICIANS. •'":•■ . •'.'■'*.■■'■
T »R. C. 'C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
XI 2864 -'sth st. ; diseases of women aspecialtj'.
■■--.•--.-*---■" ■• ■ ■ -
. EJbrcATioNAi*. ; ■■: •.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
-Li and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PKACTICA.i/ and IV DIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods In assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYAN procesi, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caiefu) a.say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. :26 O'Farreil St.: elevator. :.<
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL. CULTURE .AND
■-t\. Elocution, 1218 Ocravla . s:., . *-an Francisco. ■
Mli-9 ELIZA MACKINT-OSH. i-uuil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
.of the School .of Oratory, . Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. "Office days. Friday p.- v , Saturday a. m-
"/ -UKaiVE SHORTHAND";iBTHE EASIKsT,
'• * best > and cheapest; I vowels -and consonants
joined: no positions; descripi'lve pamphlet free;
also Pitman, Graham, Munson and Marsh writers '
corrected and speeded: first-class tererences. Ko.-j-
COE EAMKS, room 70, Flocd. building. ■ '
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLKOK, 24 POST— •
Bookkeeping, tmslness . practice, shorthand,
typing, telegrapay, languages, - English branches,
electrical engineering; 10 teachers; 15,01KJ graUa-
•tes; day and evening sessions; catalogue. - :
YBES', ; THK 'LEADING COLLEGE, 3J%
Montromery St.; individual instructloa la
sbonhand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship f 50: low nUM - per : week and mo.
QTAMMEHING, -LISPING,, ALL IMPERFEC-
IO tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing. Individual Instruction: references from best in
California. /PROF. R. *-. DAVIS. 1508 Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL 'OF ACTING-
IJ Private theatricals arranged"; pupils ivhearsed..
on stage. R. b and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPER.' SCHOOL OF "AC I'ING- AND
Opera, Pantomime and'Aciinx; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. 814 Geary st. \ ■■'■
TPNGINEKRING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELBC.'
J-i ci '. il, luinln'g. SDrvey, assay,' »rchi:.. , X ray
taucht; es.lB»*. A. VAN NAILLEN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND , AND X BUSUMI
College. 723 Market st. ; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest rau>« orcredUfor tuition
PKOF. LOUJS MKI'.KI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 2*36 Oeary.ur. Powell.
OOKKPNG. WHITNG, AKiTHJI'IC.GRAMR.
daY <fc night: no daises: $5 montb. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages; 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
p uitar, MANiiOLIN, piano AND VuUa-
VX lessons. mo. : Alary Westbaus. as Fif;h. '
ÜBSCRIPTIONB AND WANT ADS FOB THE
Call taken at branch oilice, .339 Hayes su;
open until »*.30 6'clnck. '■■ . • '. . •
. MUSICAL XKSTRUHKNTS.
* BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST ANDLAROEST
J\. house west Of Chicago is K«4HLER <ft.
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 80 O'Farreil s .; pianos, or-
gans and all otb«r musical . rnsuuments, 01 all
grades and prices; terius easy:' prices- lowest,:
every thi-ng possible done-to> please and sailsfy the-
customer. . . . . •' .
ACTUALLY THE BEST' BAKGAINs IN. Pi-
anos;- monthly payments from S5 up: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 ' Market at., opp.< Mason; estab
llshed over 20 years. '
PERFECT, HARDMAN UPRIGHT": EXCKL-
X lent drier; a bargain. - Almos. new Marshall <&
Wendell, »leO. 'The J. DEWING- CO., 2d floor,
Flood building. < . * • "
. ONA FIDE* REDUCTION IN PRICES-.
' Halnes. Knabe, 'Bush & Gerts and others:' sec-
ond-hand pianos from 8100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. i.'. Bancroft Co., 324 tost.
WHY PAY REN i* FOR A PIANO. WHEN
. the same mon-.hlv payments * wilL • purchase
oue at SHERMAN,. CLAY «t CO.'S. .. ■
AT LESS.THAN COST: ENTIRE KMPNRJ I'M.
A mu^lodept.; Shaw. Chick erin** $'J35; Sohmer,
$245; S3 up no Interest, HKINE, 138 iUUs st. -
. A DMINISIRATOR'S -SALE'— MUST. SKILT
/I pianos at, imoieiise reduction for easti or oa
ius; aliments. KAT.ON ESTATE, 735 Market. ■:
ALMOST NEW GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO
cheap; party goiug b-aclc East. .1200 Webster.
HE BEST PIANOS OF EVK.RY GRADE,
-L from bteinway down, can be found at bUKU-
MAN, clay & CO.'& . ; . \ ' :
<J> IOA HAZELTON UPRIGHT. ST.OOL,
V — '-'• cover; 95 installmts. 2*21 Leavenworth.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY F.OR THE
J-> next 5 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
"V"OU ARE .WELCOME .TO CREDIT AT
1 .BRUENN'S'ptano honse, 228 Posts'. ;. .
Our RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have, a fine new piano. sjiJtK-.
MAN, CLAY & CO., Ki-arny and Sutler sts.
MAGNIFICENT WEBKR PIANO CHEAP
for cash.' Room 12, 809 Market st. • •
LEGANT UPRIGHT. PIANO SACRIFICED;
make offer- BS3CaBtio-. .< ' ..;;
AKGAIN. FINE LARGE CPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, Utbernla Hank.
AT SHKRMaN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you fird a stock of new stein way pianos .
HORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;,
brilliant nnd powerful tone. 216, P05t st. ■
WO. BADGEK. SOLE ENT FOR HALLET
.&. Davis anil Francis Bacon pianos. 413 sacto. j
I ANO-i SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
on very easy payments. . ' ■ - . . ■-■■■ ■
BYRON MAI'ZY, 308 POST ST.— sOHMKR,'
ewby it Evan*), Briggs an.i other pianos.
UPKRIOR VIOLIKS, ZITHKA«, OLD NEW:
OH. MUJ.LER. mak»r. r»pnirer 2 la h.im placa.
TRUBTKISS' ' SALES. ■> • '
mRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X th- terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by RASMU-s -.
JOHNSON, party of the first part, to HKNRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees ' parties ot ■ the second part, and
the BAN FKANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of ■ the third part, dated January
aih, 1891, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county of Fresno,
State of California, in liber -114- of deeds, at
pages 40 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on tho 11th day of February,
1897, by the boarJ Of directors of »a a SAN FK.i.x-
CI CO V JNGs UNION,* corporation, and the
holder of the note (No. 10,577). to secura'
paym nt of which the aforesaid deed ot trust was
executed, declaring that fault had be<*n m&de in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said noie and deed of trust, and request-
Ing and directing sald-HKNRV c. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness.*- ' • •'•••
We, HENKY C. CAMPBELL ftnd THADDEUS
B. KENT, trusteos, do herd i>y give notice that on
TUESDAY.. the • 23<l day of .March, A. D. 1897,
at 12 O'clock noon ot that cay, and a: the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eld ridge it Co., No. 638 Market
street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
State of . California, we will sell at ! public auction, j
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United states, the piece* or parcel of land situate
in the Loanty of i'restiO,', State of California, de-
scrloed us follows, to wit: - ■ * •
■ According to tbn otllclal plats and System of
surveys of the Government of the United Stales:
In township teen (IS) south, range niueicen
(19) east, Mount Diablo'base and meridian: .-
.-■ Of section' twenty-five cia), the south 'half
(S. l/i). ;»/-.. ■; : - ■■" ■■ '• -> -. v: '.
Containing three hundred an I twenty (320)
acres of land, more ■or less, . together with the
appurtenances. ■'■ '. " '.' • • ;
TERMS. OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable 10 the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance oa de-
livery of d«ed;;and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days b Ing allowed for search), then 1
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts ot sale at purchaser's expense.
>o .HENRY C. CAMPBELL. l TrlltlllM
THADDEUS B. KKNT, / rr "s<ees.
mHUBTEF.B'SALE-lN ACCORDANCE >VITH
,JL the terms and under ihe authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by CLINTON A.
BURKfc. party of the nrst part. toHENRt C.
CAjHPBELL and THADDEUS B. KKNT. trust-
ees, parties of '.the second part, and TH K SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS I NION, party of the
thira pHrt. dated | November Ist, 1892, and recorded
In tne office o. Uie County Iteiurder 01 the coun y
of Moutere.-, State of California, in liber 1 of . trust
deedi, at pages S atid following, and In pursuance
of a resolution, pissed on the lOth day of I m-, em-
ber, 1896. oy the board ot director.! of said SAN:
FRANCISCO SAVINGS; UNION, a corporation,'
and the holder ot the note (No. 12.011), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was.
execnted, declaring that default had In— n made in
th« payment of I the principal sum and other sums
dne under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing ftnd dlrec ln«[ said HKNRY C. CAMP-
BKLL and THADDEIs B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therehi to : satisfy
said Indebtedness.
We, HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B KENT, trustees, do ben by give notice that on
TL'E DAY. the 23d i!av of .Mitrcl. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of haul., v, and at the auction sales-
room of J-aston, El«irl ige & Co, >o. t> H Market
street, in tne CUr a d County ol San *Ff ancisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of ■ in*
United states, the piece or parcel ot land sit-
uate In the coanty of •. oniere.-, s-.ate of Califor-
nia, aesenbed a< follows, to wit: >^*JBft*»B»T>ttefwp^
•• ACcordlig to .in- official plats and system or
surveys of the Government- of . the United States:
. In -township '-■ twenty- »ret> (<*.) south, - range
ten (I*o ea^t. Mount Diab'o base and me Idiau:
Of section tblr:»-rl\v (3 the whole, ooa.uin-
Ing sx ii.mlr.-il atdforiy. (6io» i.eres of laud;
moie i>r '«■»!>,. oz-iher w th t!'»- nppum>ni.nee> /-.-.■
TERMS OF SALE— Cash 'In. gold, coin of the
Untied Mates; ten per cent payable to the under-
slKned on the fall of the tiarun>er; balance on de-
livery of 'leerl ; and If not so pa.d; unless for want
Of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
•aid ten per cent hi be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. ■■ Acts of sate at purchaser's expense. . .
4 V.-r* •.•':• HENRY C. CAMPBELL,) T , 1 _
THADDEUS A. KKNT. :-)!' 'rf^.l
..* /PBOFKSSIONAL CAKDB.
V OHN X: B ICHARDsC LA W OFFICKS. ROOJO
J 23 and . 27, Crocket ouUUiii* MUeitttou* Maul
70, t«a irancisco. CaL ■• ■ -
CITY REAL ? ESTATE.
ONLY 1 LEfT— NEW HOUSES, JUST COM-
pleted; sunny aide Cole st.. near Waller; ' 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep;. s:reet to be bitu-
minized. -Apply on premises. • ' •'. .f'
HOUSE FOR ' SALE. ;TO BE ' REMOVED;
very reasonable, i Call 1503 l.arkln s ._' :
ffiP»nn WILL BUY c PROPERTY " "A HICH
(JPtIUU nets »15 per month. EASTON. ELD-
rUDOE <fc < 0., 6<B Market sl. •
COUNTRI KEAL ESTATE. '
O> A OC 1 160 AORES/M&NUOCINO COUNTY:
VP^AO. lionse, barn, dilcken-ho°Mses, orchard,
etc. ; on county road; plenty of wood and water.
, $2000—40 acres- level . land, ■ near Antioch: 10
acre* in almonds, 4 years old; will exenange for
buiidmg lot 111 San francisco.
54000— 20-acre fruit ranch, near Auburn, In full
bearing: fine improvements; cost $7000. C. F.
MOORE, 935 Market St.. room 4.
"ffljC AN ACRE: 1280 ACRE 3 TIMBER; GOOD
«T O fjr stock or f^uit; plenty water. . S., box 40.
ARGAIN; CHOICE LANDS; 125 TO *36
per acre: Plensanton, Alameda County." H. J.
DIGGLES, 69 Columbian . building,. Market st.,
San Francisco.- ■■.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land.i for sate ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building. >an Francisco.CaL
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
i-J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces I
on 6 and 1" years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Monday at 63' i Market St.: S. F.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
U WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
as free. : % ''■■■•r-y.% ' v . • . -, ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY. J-
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO EXCHANGE - OAKLAND PROPERTY
for ranches. J. H. EU|3ON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. ; • m ■ ;> - ; .
©OXfWJ YOUR OWN . tkkms; one
f^^dO\J\J. block to local train: modern cottage;
a-bnr am: also se- our $1660 house. WM. P.
TODD, ICO2 Broadway, Oaicladd.
ANTKD-P.LACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
"" change for very Inrtfe lot and modern 5 room
cottage ip LQTin: price $225U; no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediately to A. J. SNYDER <fc CO.', 467
Ninth St., Oakland. - •
flrjryc TO. flso FOR CHOICE BUILDINQ
«P I O lots in the : town- of .rttcUburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywardi
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacirlo
Com pany ; only '45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minute) from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew mtnntes; terms to ' suit • buyers. Apply to
C M. KjJNKLh; owner, Kl6y a Waahiugtuu su,
Oakland Cal. ■■ • : .
ALAMEDA ADVERTMHENfS
ATjA.M'R-DX KtAL FRTATK. V
EAUTIFUL ALAMSDA— HOME-SEEKKRS.
J> examine Damon's rso lei cottages; 4,5 and 6
rooms; 91750. .2060, $2250. 441 Ceiural aye.,
near Second-aye station. Oflice, 602 Market.
L"OUR NEAT 5-ROOM COTTAGKS: " GOOD
T location; always ren;ed; unlimited water sup-
ply on premises: 10 .per cent returus guaranteed.
Ffne new.-7.r00m cottage; excellent, loca'ion;
near station; also much other desirable proper;y;
wili s-1. a*, a very low figure. ■ Apply or write A.
R. DKNKE, 1503 Seventh St., Alameda, Cal. •
Ci-ROOM M DEKN- 2-STi>RY HOUSE. AND
«' bath, 1 minute from Chestnut-st. station, Ala-
meda, for sale; 1,3 cash, balance easy tt>rms; or
lease; lot 50x150; tine garden, greenhouse, lawn
ann chicken-yard: reason for selling, sickness.
Address B. •■»., box 65. Call Oillca -
ON ACCOUNT OF 'LEAVING WILL SELL
large 6-room -modern cottage on double lot at
great sacrifice; location most desirable nnd con-
venient. Apply to owner,' N.. 'BARTON, 'I437 Mc-
Pherson si.,. Alunueiia. ...
-C>9/1 A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
«IP i"it work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks'
from Will.ow-street s:atlon. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Alameda, or GaMAN LY0N,215 Kearny
St., San Francisco. ' - '
I. ARGAIN S-830 Pr R FOOT;LO is ON NORTH
J 1 Hide San Antonio aye., near Grand st. '.. •".::'•
1250—50x150; ban Josiave., nr. Willow st. .
$1750—50x150, new .taiodern house.. 6 rooms
and bath: north side or street; must be sold at
once. • jVa '.*.:-.?. . ■ ' .
Many other sacrifices. • ' - '• . .-..r.'
AL\MEDA LASDCtt,
6 . 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA KOOMS . AND HOUSESr *
LAMEDA* FURNISHED HOUSK.TO LET— |
-TV Nice modern-built 8-roorn cottage to let or
lease: furnished or partly furnished; nice garden;
most desirable location. 1437 McPnenion »*., bet. .
Mastlck (broad gauge) and Enclnal Park (narrow
gauge) railroad stations. ■ .. . ■ ■■ ■■. . ■ •
ajO^ FIRST-CLASS MODERN'HOUSK: IN
ifi)ijO. best repair; -8 ruoms: • bath: conserva-
tory: lawn; chicken yard; splendidly locate I.
1-087 San Jr.se aye., Alamerht, or inquire H. A.
SMITH, 27 Market st» ...
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
VI UST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER i
i'l refused; house of 6 rooms; bath: stable:'cblc»- ]
en-house: street work done.: near the cars. JOS.
J. MAS N. Berkeley stntlon ' • • . I
- F.i:KKKLK UOISES.
L-URNISHEI) 8-ROOJTHOUSE CO-MPLETE, j
• r bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MRS. S.
J. GALLS, 2122. Bancroft way. Berkeley.
} PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE,
FINELY I/>CATED CIGAR AND NEWS
siand: Market st. ; 18 months' lease. ROBIN-
-BON, 2 .V» Geary st.  . ,
TpiNE NKBRASKA FARM, l«0 ACRES, S5OOO
■V torbuslpess or property. DKCKER, 10' JO MKt'
\I7-ILL IRADE A .VALUABLE RANCH OF
.TT bout- 1800 acres In. southern .oregon'for
property in , Tacoma, .Portland or Seattle: ranch
produces ' an - incouie; Is under fence; 200 acres
under cultivation; tUle. ut-rfect and free from in- I
cunibrance. CALVIN PHILIPS, Tacoma. Wash-
ington. , " : . ■>' .
QEND FOX OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
f!? for sale. ' Wno^TKK A WHITFUV ntn Jo<«. |
,v " MONEY TO LOAN. '
A LOANS ON FURNITUHE OR PIANOS,
. In S. P.; Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without - removal: >no (Ommlssions; no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission sl, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41. ' . '
qt^nn AAM AT 6Vi per cent ON CITY J
isO\J\J.\J\J\f real estate; also Oakland: estates, j
life Insurance. .second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor. .
HIGHLY 'KIvaPKCTABLK AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most • liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne vrry iow«st rat**. :
Baldwln'Jewelry Store, 948 Market. ,
JiY AMOUNT: IST, 2D*.OR 31> MOHTUAOK.I,
estates, undivided Jn>rests. real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos - without removal.
UcCOLG AN, U4 Montgomery St.. room 3. y. . ■
dUQQf^iinn aT BANK HATKv IST- AND
imO£o.\J\J\J 2d mortsaites. estates, rents, eta:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market St. |
A— PKIVATK .ANX». RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest. Is tbe secret of our success.
cat-rate i.oau cilice, Flood building, -09 Market. t ,
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
| *f We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. . Gold, bux 4, Call.
fis\ FURNITURE AND PIANOS: NO RE-
V/moval; low rates: private pirty. 219 Powell, r. 3.
N PIANOS AND FUHNITIRE. WITHOUT
removal very low interes:. 116 McAlliaer st.
ON fCKNITUKE; VERY LUW INTKREST;
no commission. BCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
"PRIVATE PARIY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security; Interest ow. Add. J, W., box 45, Call.
m.-:00.000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
<pc)erty; lowrates. A. ScHl LLKK, 420 Cala. at.
I OANn ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST KATE
Jv of interest JAS.II.BI ooKs, 214 Pine, r 5B-68.
MUKKY '1O LOAN ON KKAI. KSTATK: ANY
amount. ■ W LLIAMs, 214 Pine su, room 3.
. ___ 1
<a»-/k '1O $50,000; LOW bsl' |. A 1., 1.-i & I
«JT t)U ujurigage: tm or lnstlmnt. Dryden, 689 CaL
ADVANCK-« UN DIAMON J>». J KW KXiUY.'iCIO
Col oin hi Loan «t 1 ollaieral OIM ■». 'j i-rnnt ay».
ATTORNEYS- AX-LAW.
* ' DVICE FKKE: DIVOUCE LAWS A BPKC-
tally: private; no fee without success: (iro>»te.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeus,
damages, etc.; private detectlve-i: estab. 10 years.
O. ■W. imWh. 850 .Market st. comer Stockton sL
DVJLCK FRfcK; No CHARGE UN'LKSS SUC-
Xl cesafui. W. W. DAVIUoON." 927 Market st.
KW. KING,"ATTORNEY-.AT-LAW, CHRON-
. lcle building: advice fiee: low fa .-s: all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRI.SS. 632 Market, mi .'3.
>«' '. - BICYCJLES. '-:■
(II; -I X — BEN-HUR,"; BRAND. NEW; REGU-
«Jp*I«J. lar price $M 5-. guaranteed hign grade.
GOLDEN KULE BAZAAR, 718 Market St.
BIRTII&— BiIRIiIAGES---I>EATIIS.
■~ ' ■ i -■ ' ' ~ - ■ • ■ - ,t
•*"■--'**'# •- ~* ■ • ' ■
- fßir:h, marriage and rlea'.h notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted Tney must be handed in at
either of the publication -offices and bendors-d
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the same pubi. shed. J
<',- -"v>.4 <%'■%>? BORN. ••";.:';.•■■. -t' '
CLOtTD— lnthlscliy. February 22, 1897, to th«
wife o: Charles Cloud, a son. •
ERRATT-In ihlscny, February 25, 1897. to the
■ wife of Fred H. Erratt, « daughter.
FINLKY— In Oakland. Febrnary 27, 1897, to tha
wife of C. J. Flniey, adau«iuer.
KELLY— In th:s cily. February 5, 1897, to the
wlteof Edward Kelly, a daughter.
. MAKUIKD.
ALLARDT— BELLOWS-Ih Oakland, February
25, I.SSK. by the Rev. Dr. R. Ritchie, FreJericic
a. Allardt of Oakland and Mary U. Bellows of
Lodl. ..
FRIEDMAN-BERLIN— In this city, February
14. 1897, by tha Rev. Josepa Wi.lner Samuel
' Friedman and Hannah Berlin, both o( San Fran-
cisco. ■■ y^SBHHBfTSsfISB!
H.ARRIS— BENEFELD— In this city. February
17, 1897. by the Rev. Joseph Wlllner, Gladstone
: H Harris and 1 Clara B. Bensfeld, both ot baa
> raucisco.
KINDLESPIRE— this city, Febru-
ary 24. 1897. by the Rev. Caleb Ben Ham, E.
9 Ellsworth Ktndlesplre of San Francisco and T.
Katherine Wynes id Napa. Cal.
LEVEE-UERTZ— In tnU city, February 21,
1887, by thp Key. Dr. Voorjanger, Juiiai Levee
aod topbie ; Hertz. • '
ROSENBDKG-PEISER-In this city.' February
28. 1b97, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nie.o. Edmund Ko-
senbnrgand Fannie Pelser.'
Bally, Richard J. McAndrew, Patrick
BrUut, Robert. .v..-.. McCulloagb, Agnes G.
lafferata, Antonio Neal. Miltou
Ciivunangh, Alice M. U'Call»gnan, Delia i.'-y
.Cloud (infant) : : O'Hare, James ;
Doncks, Peter H. Paalini. Egldlo
FitzKiobon, John M. • Pastini, Tito
Granville. Thomas R. Pastiui, Attt o
: j Grjsscop (infant) Pon. Jean P. •
Kearney. Theresa Hantus Jose F.
Kelly. Mrs. Jomi W. Seltz. Doro.hda
Kreuzberger, Jane Wilson, Ann _
BAILY— In Oakland. February 27. 1 897. Richard
Jones Baily, beloved husband of Jeff rita Davista
. Bally, a native or Minnesota, aged •43 years • 3
months and 24 days. . ■ ' : .
BRIGHT— In thU city. February 2S. 1897,' Robert
Bright, beloved stepfather ot i-numi Clark, a na-
tive uf Ireland. ageJ 79 year^i and 10 months.
CAFFERATA— In this city. February 28, 1897.
. Antonio, beloved father of Dr. Albert und Mary
Caff rala,*a native 01 Italy, a«ed til rears. - ■
' 49"A' requiem high masi will be celebrated
■ for the repose of his soul at Sts. Peter and Paul' 3
(Italian) Church, Tu-M'^RKOW (Tuesday),
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. v. Interment
private. - - , :■ ; ■ • : • - . . ■ • . ■
CA'VANAUGH-Iri 1 this city. February 27,1897.
Alice May. beloved wife of J. A. Cavanaugb,
mo;her of J. Hooart Cavanaugh Jr., and daugh-
ter of the late James and Emma Galloway, a na-
| tive of California, a;ed 31 years 10 months and
" 29 days. [Virginia City and lowa papers pleasa
copy. 1 . . * .
JJG?" lnterment at Sacramento March 1, 1897'
CLOUD— In "this city, February 2'A 1897, Infant
son of Cbarles Mabel Cloud. ■
DONCKS— In this city, February 27. 1897, Peter
Herrman. dearly beloved husband of Johanna
Doncks, and father of Mrs. F L. Gantz, the late
Mrs. A. C. C. Kast and I Mrs. Henry Reich, a na-
tive of Eimd bel Dilgen-aoi-Rheln. aged 76
years 8 mo:i bs and 2U days- >.x-preildeut of
St. Paulus Verain. . • •
Jt3T*Friends and acquaintances are? respect-
fultv invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
from lilt late residence, 3:- 9 Hayes
street, . thence to St. Boniface Church. GoMen
Gate avenue, where • a solemn reauiem hlgti
mast will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul.- commencing at 9 o'clock a. k. Inter-
• ; ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FITZGIBBON —In tnis city. February 26 1897,
Jon n'M. FitZ£iot;oa, asoJ 61 years, .
UriTTlip funeral will lake place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock k., from tbe rest-'
! deuce of nls daughter, Mrs. W. E. Wniie, 624
Fe 1 str»et, tbenc* to Sacr-il Heart Church, cor-
ner of Fell and Filimore streets, where a solemn
reauiem mass will be celebrated for tbe repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
ORANVILLK— In this city, Febrnary 27. 1897,
Thomas Kichard, beloved son of Arthur J. and
' Mary tirauville, and brother of Irene and Alice
Granville. a native of San Francisco, • aged 3
years and 5 months - •
aSTTbe. funeral will talce otaco THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 2 d6'Ciara street. iu.«rm<iu,
Hoiy.Cross Cemetery.
GROSSCOP— In this city. February 28, 1897. be-
- loved chi d of Katherine and F. V. Groiscop.
a native of aan Francisco, aged 3 months and 19
days. . .'•' • " . ; , , -
KEARNKY— In tnls ' city, February 27, 1837,
Theresa. beloveJ aaughter of . Patrick .F. and
. Mary Kvarney, a native of San Francisco, aj;oi
2 years and 2 months:
gfg" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful iy Invited to attent the funeral THIS DAY
* (Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resl-
' derue of the parents, v-1 Fair Oaks street. In • r
- ment Holy Cross Cemetery. • •
KELI.Y— In- tbi» cHv, ! 'Febroary- 28.- 1837,-the
wife of John W. Kelly, and daughter of Nellie
Igo. .. . : .
Jt9~Noticeof funeral herea.'tv. . *.
KREUZBERGEK— In this city. February 27. .
1897. Jane, . beloved wife of the late Gregory
. Kre.izoerger. .a native of irelaiM, agea 75 years.
[Sacrame ito papers please copy.]
• tST Friends and acquaintances ari> respect-
fully invited to attend tli« luu r.il Tills DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her la'
. ' le.-ii'-nce, 1606 Howard street, tbenoe to st.
.Joseph's Church, wht-re a requiem, high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul. co:n-
menclug at 10 o'clock a. v. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. • ; .< • -.- ■■> ■:,'
McANDREW-In the City and County Hoiplta!.
February 2», 1837, Patrick McAudrew, agea 3 i
vrart. ■ ■- . . • ■ . . - .. ■
McCU.LLOUGH-In this city. February 28. 1897,*
Agnes Gladys, beloved 'daughter of Robert and
Mamlo-McCullougi, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month. ...■.'*•
NKAL— In this city. Februar/ 26. 1897,°Mllton
Neal.a native of Kansas, a .jed tSI years. ■ "
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city. February 7. 1897.
Delia, beloved wile of D. J, O C.illaghan. aua
' mo:her or iuirry and Emmett O'Callaghan a'ld
Ann c Harron. ■ ■ • . # •
• <3"lntermeu'- private. , ' ' ■
O'HARE— In this city. February - 27. IBJJ7, James
O'Hare,' dearly-- beloved brother of Peter and
Hugh O'Hare and Mrs. Catherine Furrell. and
ijeptiew o( Mrs. at h,-rine Clark, a uativit of
Cas lewellen, Cannty Down, Ireland, aged 29
year«. . • • ..
jKtTFrlends and acquaintances ar» rasoest-
fnliy Invited to'attend the fui.i-ral 'LHiS DAY
(Monday), at o'clock a. h.. from the re«>
. dence of his sister. Mrs. John* Furrell. 753 How-
•■" ErJ "thence to st. Patrick's" 'mi rcn, whe'rea
■ requiem mass will be celebrated for tbe repose of
his sonl. commencing at 9 o'clock a?x. Inter-
( ment Holy CrQss Cemetery • • °
Y. M. L— M-mbers of Man- Franclico Conncll No.
7. Y. M.-I.: You are hereby nottne.l to iiif/ul
■ 75<. Howard s.ree; THIS DaY (Mond«y). at
8 o'clocic a. it., for the pnrpo<e of a:tenJln|t the
funeral o' ourdeceaied brother, James O'Hare.
liiif-s fir non-attendancu 'will be stnc.ly en-'
lorced. By or<l»r of .• . . ,•
■ !' "CHARLES McAULIFFE, Pres.
. GeoboeM.-Keuy Ser. " •• .
PASTIM— III this city, February 2*3, 1897.
l-.«t.llo. azel 7 years 6 months and 19 day*: Tito,
aireJ £> years and 11 months; and on February
'28. Attllio, aged 10 years and 6 days: d-/i>rir be-
loved sons of Richard and -Catherine I'astlnf,"
.and. brothers of Eda I'as'.lnl, natives o( ■--.*■
>rxnci-CJ. ; \- . . . . _ . , .
' gfijr Friends and acquaintances are respect*
firily invitel to attend tbe "funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. v.. from tbe°res>-
cUnceor their parents. SO" Lorn iard >:n;et. near
Duponu .Interment I. O O. F. Cemetery. *'
PnN— ln this cl;y. February i 7, 1897, Jean P., •
- beloved ' father of Albert J. «nd Looise Pon, a
native of France, aged 41 years. !
MS" Friends aod acquaintances are respect-
fu.ly Invited to attend the funeral TO- MORKOW
(Tuesaay), at 2:30 o'clock P. M.. from the par*
1 rs of the United Undertakers, it and 29 Firth
stre-t. Interment 1. O. O. i-V Cemetery.
BANTOB-In this city, February 2& 1H97. Jose
. Frrnandes Santos, n native, of the island ot Ma-
deira. Portugal, aged 67 years. ■
JSri-'rlends and acauaintances are rr>»tx>o*-
fni.y invited toauend the funeral TO-MOKROW
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the hall
of the i'lirtußii-i" rrotectlve and Benevolent
' Association, 610 Bush street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Eemalnn at the parlors of
Mcwoy A Gallagher. 20 Fifth street. . •
BEITZ— In this city, February 26. 1887. norothea,
- Wtt4 of , the la'.e Christian S»>ltz, and b loved
. motherof Marie A.,Henrv J..C hlslian r..i bariei
A.. Leonarl G. and DoraSeliz. a nativ-, Kiel.
Holsteln, Germany, a^ed 6l) years 8 months aud
2Jcl»vh
Friends and acanitintancaa ' are reipect-
fully mv.tei 10 attend tha funeral THIS D.\V
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the family
- residence. 510 Ellis streeU lmermeut 1. O. v. X
• Cemetery. , . ■ ■ -. .•.
WILSON— In Edna, San Lot* Obispo County,
Febraary V 6 189 . Ann. beloved wtf* of Jnme<
vvi sou, mother of John and Frank Murphy aod
James Wilson, and sister o; Tbomaa Baxl-r,
ana: Ire of tbn parish ot Temple Pott, County
Cavan, Ir.-land, axed 73 year*. (Lowell (Mass.)
|!M|i-n pieasi copy.JtHfti*VlßHiiUiM-JWHMk
. Friends * aod ; acquaintances are re»n*cr-
ful y Invl.ed to <tt>nd :be funeral THIS DAY
' (Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-.
' lursof tue United I'm lertakers. *J7auJ 29 Hfth
street. luwawi Hoiy Cross Cem^'ery.
' > MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I "
rONKKAL DI&KCTO&S k KMBA I.M R-i,
WUtU St., Opp. Lincoln Sohwol.
gggg Telephone 308 a '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSil<HTiO\
TS PREPARED. TO CONTINUF. THE SALR
1 of burial pats and graves In Its cemetery anj
give deeds. - l ■ ;
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at tha
Superintendent's ofnc- at the cemwery, rornat
Bush .street, and Central avruue. San Francisco.
IIHOUNT "ouv'Ei CEMETERT,
SAN V MATEO ' COUNTY; NEAREST CKMB>
tery to the city ; I non-sectarian ; in no seas* «r-
- ,dnefve; locaiioo unexcelled. OQIm I»W7 MttMl
«U»M, iwutiitast coxnar * tfixi* ■
1112
A POSTOFFICE
ACRYINGNEED
All Classes Think That San
: f ";: Francisco Has Been
• ..;; Neglected. :/ '-
FEDERAL DELAY HAS
I; BEEN SHAMEFUL. .
Small Easteni Cities Are Better
. Treated Than the Western : .
:/ ■ Metropolis. •■■. .;
UNITED ACTION MAY RESULT
IN GCOD.
Many (M<z\ti.s Expfess Themselves in
I Favor of Urging the Government ■
."■.;.'. to'Bi»gin"Wofk at One;. •■ ;.
, The agitation for speedy Federal
ncilon m buiidi-ng tqe new Postoffice has
' niet witii Ken<?r«ar*pproyal by the tnouebt
' ful hi}'d.Vb;is°me'ss •'cslem-ents" of the "City".
°.Ind.iv|dj>ftVcrtj'zens have, expressed them-
EtifVei pliimlytqfhdeffeol that the delay
in J)ui:<luig is outrageous, -. the "principal
.commerciaH.orKainzitions". .huve»..raken
The niaUer i«° hand, 'aaid .'there.- is great
unanimity sentiment in tavor of urging
' immediate • , =: c " ■;' •;. .
The sentfmx-nt of : the masses is- wejl
expressed by- E-. A. Dsnicke, president, of
the Mechanics' • limi'.r.t.e. Speaking on
' the subject last" night, -he said=:-. . '...;•,
"It seems'to me thepostoffice ought
: to be bu'ili withput delay. While I think j
tbe'selection of • ilie site.;was an outrage, j
nothing now "rejnains but to on with
t-he work." :jl£.\ eeonis .to me that every
small Eastern stream and rivr gets ' ap- j
propriatiohs, and eve-xy little East°Tn ciXy
that war.ts itgetß money lor Federal
buildings.'- It is the same way w : ith towns
in Oregon, Washington, whatever
is to come /to • California lags in some j
strange way. , ..-■.- '.;;-/ • . :
; '- "There be but one opinion on the
matter, and that' ia;thaVtlie San Francisco
Postoffice ought- to ; constructed without i
delay. lihi-nk The Call is 'doing a good i
work in lirgrnp 'tins niaiter.and 1 sincerely j
hope worK will soon be begun." ' . : ' j
The .following 'opihibhs *how more in j
detail the general se.ntirrte.nt among the !
people: ° ° ■' %\ , -c ° .- " ■' *'■:'.". "
Speedy Actlpn Important. ',' ;
Judge E. A. Belcher of the Superior
Court— Speedy action on the part -of those I
who have charge of this wort, is most im
portant. , The substructure ought to bo
put in at once so that it may havo time to
settle before the suporstructure is erected.
Every practical person must see the rea- j
son for this. There can.be ;no dispute in
regard. to the plans for the substructure,
and as it would require the expenditure of
a vast amount of -labor it could be pro
ceeded with while the plans for the upper I
portion of the buiiaing are being com-, '
pleted,. should that be deemed necessary. !
One of the weighty arguments offered in
favor of the location and one that' proved
victorious over all opposition was thac it
would afford excellent accommodation to
the public. For one thing the Federal
courts are now located in an out-of-the- j
way part of the City as regards the. : .'mass j
of the people' of the. City." In the- new !
Postoffice building they would be hioro
accessible, not only to lawyers, but to the I
public in general. When that change i»
made all the courts will be close together
and the legal affairs of the community
will be in better and more convenient
shape. The Postofnce is now on Wash
ington street, and though we nave plenty
of elegant mailcars on our streets not one
of those mailcars can reach the main Post
cilice because there is no proper road. for
them to traverse in that direction. ° o When,
the new Po«toffice is finished every . mail
car in the City can be switched to it for
loading and unloading, thus greatly ac
celerating the transaction of toe business
of the postal authorities. , °'\ ..' ";»•„" •.•'.••
It Is Hltfh Time.
Judge Frank H. Dunne of the Superior
Court said: "I think it high time that
the new Postoffice should be begun, at
least so tnat the people might hope for its
completion within a reasonable period.
We who are of the younger generation of
course expect to see the foundation com
pleted. But is it right to deny this pleas
ure to the pioneers also? I think not. It
seems to me tnat if anything is ever going
to be done now is the time to make a
start."
Ought to B«gin at Once..
Deputy District Attorney A. P. Black—
First and ioremost, the work on the new
Postoffice onfjbt to begin at once in order
to give work to the army of unemployed
men who are looking for something to do.
The excaration of the lot would afford
employment to avast number of diggers
and shovolers and teamsters and the like.
I say this without feeding that anything I
may say will do much good, as 1 have
found that complaints of this kind are not
generally heeded at headquarters. The
trouble, I suppose, is that the red tape of
the departments at Washington has be
come entangled in some way ancj that no
man big enouch for the job has attempted
to untangle it. Our Congressmen and
Senators ought to be able to explain why
the work is thus delayed.
Entitled to Better Treatment.
Judge J. V. Coffey of the Superior
Court — Possibly ihecentlemen having this
Postoftice matter in charge have applied to
some court for a continuance. That is the
usual manner of procedure where un
necessary delay is desired by derelict
officers of the court or the Government.
The pernicious habit of putting off the
work that ought to be done at once has
undoubtedly been at the bottom of this
unreasonable postponement. 1 think San
Francisco is entitled to better treatment.
The work ought to be commenced im
mediately.
Must Be Some Explanation,' •
Supervisor Rivers — We do not get the
Postoffice. That is true, and there must
be some explanation. There should be
some way to reach the head of the trouble.
If no effort is made we will not have the
Postoftice for a long time. Therefore it is
necessary to make the effort without
further preliminaries or waste of time. . I
cannot imagine who has held back 'the
work 'solone.
• ♦ 1
No Excuse for Delay.
Dr. D;B.. Plvraire said: "There is ev*»ry
reason way the building'of- this.structure
should be comraencedat once and flushed
to oompletion.. I understand that the ap
propriation is available, $nd there can be
no excuse for the dilatory tactics pursued
by the authorities at Washington. The
people have a right to expect prompt ac
tion en the Jpart of public officials. lam.
glad that:tns Call has taken ap this
matter in order that it may give citizens
an opportunity to voice their indignation
at the injustice that is being, perpetra ted.
MISS MAY ROBESON and FRANK NORRIS, Two of the i
Amateur Performers in the Society Comedy of "Ca^te,"
Which Has a Strange Story Connected With Its Preparation.
I do not know who is to .blame, but who
ever it is must bear the censure and criti
cism that belong to them for dereliction
of duty. I suppose ii is difficult to reach
such people as have the management of
governmental construction affairs; yet I
think that even they may be stirred up to
proper action by Jetting them know that
the people are impatient because their
rights are denied t em."
The Site Is Unsightly.
Judge Carroll Cook of the Superior
Court — We have had a Postoffice site so
long that it has become unsightly. Of
course, there can be no good reason for the
tardiness of the Government officials. The
contest over the location was altogether
improper. I know every inch of that
neighborhood; used to travel over it every
day when I was a schoolboy and lived out
on Mission street. That part of the coun
try never was a. swamp. It came down
pretty steep toward the little late in that
vicinity, and was solid ground; but that ■
is all fait. The ait 9 lvi- be-en accepted
and all legal opposition has been over
came. Now th*. people demand that the-
Government officers perform their duty.
I think this demand is reasonable, and it
seems to me that an expression of public
s'entirnentin this regard will be beneficial
in securing some action, I join the rest
of the people of this City in hoping so, at
least. ■-:'•'■ • -.' ■ .
San Francisco In Earnest.
supervisor -iiackmao — Ihere is so much !
idleness here that the Government ought
to be able- to' find iii that an argument .for
speed in beginning wort 6n the new Post
office. ■ The old- Postoffice is decidedly ont
of date and is something of a retic. All
the representative bodies of San F ranci/cd
should pass appropriate, resolutions, the
Board of Supervisors being first. The de
lay has been long and unreasonable.
There is no qjuestio.i that we are entitled
to protest. No"vr, let the protest be made
with so much vigor that . it will appear
that San Francisco is very much in
earnest. - .
"Build It at Once."
City and County. Auditor Broderick —
Build the Postomce at on'oe. That is tfte
proper thing to do. There are many rea
sons for immediate action and none
against. .Too much money has been in
vested by the Government in the site to
permit it to remain idle. Public senti
ment should uprise and'demand that the
building be constructed. Hundreds of
persons, skilled, and. unskilled, would be
employed on the building. We had bet
ter sell the site for a recreation ground or
make U a part if a Poatoffice fs not to be.
built upon it.
■■♦ • .
Should Kick Hard.
Deputy County Clerk William A. Deane—
The only thing so far as I can- see is for
the people to make a great. big. kick and
do all that is possible to draw attention to
our need for the new Poatoliice-. •'■ Some
people seem to think that it will not do
any good, but we can't tell till we try, as
Lord Bacon would say, for yoii know he
lays it down as a rule that there is a vast
difference between losing for the lack of
effort and losing after making an hone-t
attempt. In the second instance we have
wasted " only a small amount of human
labor, while in the former case we have
lost the vast possibilities that might have
grown out of a manly striving' for tne'en-.
forcementoi our rights. At any rate we
have had our say and that is some satis
faction.. •
Why It isDeserved.
Attorney William M. Fitz -.Maurice —
San Francisco is a very large contributor
to the revenuesof the Federal, treasury. I
think it is the third in ihe list of the ports
of entry, a-nd the' internal revenue coliec- .
tions are also extensive. Now, in. view of
these facts it is only reasonable for. toe
Government to use proper diliseftce in'
constructing the new Postpftice. The.
funds have been appropriated .'by- Con
gress, there is no dispute, about the site
and I think; work should' begin at once.
The money thus expended- would afford
relief to the unemployed-men of this com
munity and . through them jrould. per
meate all the channels of trade .'and bring
better times to everybody. ' '_•■' !
■ View of a Detectlve. : ■'. 'V I
Detective Seymour— It is about time for.
the Government to begin operations on
the proposed Postoffice. . That would be a
good beginning for the promised era o{
prosperity, and- I am sure . it would be
hailed with delight by' the hundreds of
men here now who afe oat' of- employment
and who are ready to do honest work/
Send books', .mjisic or magazines id be" bound
to ihe bindery. Wysell-Kolhiis," 1:2 Clay. •;• j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1897.
NANNY! NANNY! IS
ALL SHE CAN SAY
The Little Waif Found on
a Steiner - Street
Doorstep.
i She Is but One Year 0 d and
She Has Already Eight
Tiny Teeth.
L •'■ • • "
Sister Anna of the Maria Kip Orphan
age Has Taken the Foundling
ia Charge.
There are many .pleasant homes ready
for the little waif who was found at mi<]
nipni yesterday on the doorsteps of Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Cornahrens at 620 Steiner
etreet. . .....". . . '**.."
. Warm hearts have pulsated mori*
quickly at toe sad story of the tiny little
babe who was abandoned by those who
should have cared- for -and protected her. i
! as related in the morning papers, and j
The Little Waif Found oh- a Doorstep and Now Being Cared For
in a Charitab'e Institution, and Some of Her Rich Wardrobt. .
scores of men and women called at the
Receiving Hospital- . yesterday, hoping
t hut the child might be given into their
care. . • • • . .
The little' tot" is so sweet and pretty.
Site has four tiny pearls peeping ont from
her Rums, above; and four more have made
their appearance below. There are other
teeth cutting their way out, no doubt, for
the young miss, emits a' fretful protest,
once ina.wliile. and she snowsa decided
desire to bite 'oft' the- head of a little red
headed .\doljy, whose pink complexion
ri-vals Her .own. " . " . -.■••• ■* •'
"Nanny, Nanny, Nanny f' begins amd
ends' the little one's vocabulary." That
aeems to be. the only English she knows.
But, in baby talk, • she is quite familiar
with all the parliamentary vernacular.
She .says "gob" with the usual drawl
when she sees'her mifk andsoaked bread,
and she. has the reguJation shrill protest
when her tired nurse, sits dowa for a
moment's resu .'. .
."Nanny" is what the Maria Rip Or
phqnage people have decided to call fi.e
babe, hereafter. That charitable institu
tion over which Sister Anna presides has
secured the waif, and In lieu of any other
rrame the young miss lias been given the
one she uttered herself. '
Miss Nanny is accredited with twelv-e
mo.n:hs of sunshine and sorrow.and she is
the youngest pensioner In the institution.
Next to her comes Miss Hazel, who is her
senior by eight, months,, a sedate young
laay who. first welcomed the newcomer,
but who subsequently yelled a protest
when the little red-headed doll was faken
from her to soothe the weeping Nanny.
But if these young buds fail to agree there
are. ninety-three other children at the or*
pfranage among whom each can make a
pick of associate's. ■■
Miss Lucy Brown and Miss May Brogi,
who assist £i»ter Anna in the care of the
children, introduced the new baby to . her
comrades yes'erJay and there was a gen
eral festival ot dancing .about the new
comer who did hot q lite take the recep
tion in good part. Henceforth she will
be. lodged in a little crib upstairs until
she learns better manners and is l)ig
enough to occupy one of the cots in the
dormitory on the first floor.
This darling, chubby baby .is not of the
usual kind that fs 'found on doorsteps.
She hns bright blue-eyes. tl:at open- wide
to notice her surround ingi. Her big toe
on each foot points north every time she
clinches her tiny fists and emits a .yell.
She is far more panitd to gentlemen than
she i« to ladies, showing at her early age
that she has in her the promise of being a
clever member of her sex.
"Howcoulii a mother ever abandon such
a liitle cherub?"' was usted, without g»t
tins; a response. The parents qjite evi
dently had some Uttle reesrd for the babe
when they left her io kick and scream on
a stranger's doorstep. They coined her
w.ell-washed ' and plump little body in
warm clothing. Ail or -most of her ward
robe was cm her when she was found.
There was a warm flannel cap and over
garment, trimmed with fur. Then she
wore six linen ana ilannei skirts, two pairs
of long, black stockings, a pair of patent
leather, cloth-topped button shoes and
other ne.cessary garments to children of
that age. Sue. also wore warm mitts on
tier hands.
Sister Anna proposes to keep her new
charge until such time as she may be
adopted into some good, respectable fam
ily or until she is of age to care for her
self..
BURGLARS ARRESTED.
Jaiuea Ryan' anil George Burke Canght
' '; Wlth th«t riundor iv Their
.• ': ir.v.'.-j PogHvssioji. ■•; ■_. ■• '■
The tailor-shop of John Rheins, 509
Valencia street, was entered by burglars |
late .Saturday night or early yesterday |
morning, and nine bolts of cloth and two
pairs of trousers were stolen. - • ■
Policemen Dojieherty, Rooker and Pyle j
had reported off duty at 6 o'clock and
gone downtown. At Powell ana Eddy
streets they saw twc< m#n each carrying a
sack. They questioned them, and not ob
taining satisfactory answers placed thrm
under atrest and took them' to the Cit.y
Prison. They gave their names as James
Ryan', 26 years of age, and George Burke,
•32 years of ace.
Rheins had reported; the burglary of his
.shop to the police, arnd. He was requested
to call at the' prison to see the contents of
the sacks tliat Ry.ati and Burke had with
fhem.' One'sack. contained, nine" bolts of
cloth and the other two Dairs of trousers.
•Rheins" immediately identified the cloth
and trousers as his property, and a charge
of burglary wa*ente"red against Ryan and
.Burke..
Wiied the men ' were searched at the'
orison a revolver, two jimmies, and lour
keys were' found in their pockets. • •
* ♦ • " r- 5 - • . •
. Seek* Pay for Hl* Cow*.
A. Bauinann has brought a petition before
the Hoard of Supervisors to pay him $1200 for
cows killed by the officers of the Board or
Health. • '
STRANGE FATALITY
HAS PURSUED THEM
Peculiar Incidents of Some
Society Amateur
Actors.
The Comedy of "Caste" Has Its
Behind - the • Scenes
Story. .
To-Night the Play Will; Be Presented
at the California to a Society
Audience.
■ — . — —^ — ,
Associated- with the society company of
amateurs that is to present "Caste"- to
night at the California Theater are some
remarkable incidents that approach ro
mance in. their strangeness.
When society folk, as- they intend to do,
:-b.ali have assembled in force before the
footlights to witness the performance,
they will have in the jer-sons of the differ
ent actors subjects for as much attention,
perhaps, as will be aroused by the char
acters and the development of the charm
ing little corned}' itself.
To the part ot the. hero of the piece a
-ml fatality has been attached. The first
one' who trained for it was Arthur Ma
thieu. A few weeks ago his father died
suddenly, andeven while the funeral ser
vices were being periormed oyer her hus
band Mrs. Mathieu passed away. The
son, thus strangely bereft ot both pa
rents at once, was lost to a happy com
pany, saddened through sympathy wiih
one of the jolliest andmost capable of its
members. • ' •
Tnen, too, there will be the humorous
Cuartes Dickman, who is afready well
known to Bohemians as a clever enter
tainer and character artist. .He will d"o
i tie part of the inefficient' Eccies' father,
who is alwaysout of employment and usu
ally half drunu'lrom cboice.-
There is Frank Norris, who. in himself
is a unique character. Before he entered
the University of California he had pub
lished abook of his own verse, and during
his college days at Berkeley- he was.ideu
t !i-d with- different dramatic entertain-
ments given by Skull and Keys and by
society fo.lk- in Oakland and in this City.
He also wrote a good deal for' the cojlegrj
publications and .contributed a numoer
of short stories to San- .Francisco weeklies.
From. Berkeley he went --io Harvard'
University, where he' remained a- year.
Subsequently he was engaged in literary
work he,re for some time, until n* little over
a year ago,, when he visited Johannes
burp, South Africa, as specfal correspond
ent fqr several. Eastern papers-ahd one on.
this 'coast. During the trip he ■ was
reported lost and beyond the nower of
anxious relatives in this City to locate him
by cable.' An early training in art in
Paris enahled him to illustrate his own
articles^ During the past year he has been
connected with the Wa-ve as a special
writer.- .
"Caste" is a comedy of .a melodramatic
nature. As its name' suggests; it lias to
do with situations, and complications re
sulting from iove.making between repre
sentatives of two ennrely differein ranks
'in English socierty.
The complete list of characters is as fol
lows: Esther Ecc^p, Miss. Leila Burton ;
Po^ly Eccles, M.iss Rose Hooper; Marquise
de St. Maur, "Miss May Rot>eso i n";-Hon.
George .d'Alrov, Dr.: Frank Robinson; Ec
clea, Charles Qrcknian; Captain Hautree,
"Selden Stuart".;' Sam -Gerridge, jfrank
N orris. '_ • . •
A large number of seats has. already
been sold. • . .--.*"
- This afternoon at . 1:30- o'clock Miss
Fanny. Rice will spllthe boxes by auction
at the Merchants' Exchange.
Tue needy and- deserri.ng Arrnhaee Or
phanage, the new home of which' was
dedicated yesterday in .this' City, and the
well-known.' Children's Hospital are the
charities to be aided by this performance.
The music will be a particular feature
of this evening's entertainment. ■ ;
JiwKLRy store,. 6-7 Third, removed to SOS
Kearny. .Large slock Of diamonds, '.watches, etc
: . SEW, TO-DAT— DRY GOOP^ *. •. '. .-^^^^^
FOUR >
SPECIAL
B-A.R,Gp-A.I3STS
:; :. . — . xro--
SILK-
DEPARTMENT!
At $1.00 per Yard.
50 pieces NEW CHECKED
TAFFETA SILKS, different ••
size checks, all colors, in-
cluding black and white.
At 50c per Yard.
1250 yards PLAID SILKS,
full 24 inches in width, ex-
tra heavy quality, 10 dif-
ferent patterns.
At $1.00 per Yard. -V i
25 pieces FIGURED AND
PLAIN CHANGEABLE AR-
MURE SILKS, all new
weaves.
At 50c per Yard.
:"•;;■ 950 yards Inch CHANGE- .:
ABLE SILK SERGE, full
line of new Spring color-
ings.
s We invite our patrons to inspect our exhibition of a° ; • .
• above goods in our show windows. - : . •' • '.•,:'.. '•
'■'.., TEJLiEPHONB GRANT 124. , ' „ = *'- V <•
; 111. 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST SThtt . * >..
ALL SING IN ITALIAN.
The Philharmonic Society Ap
plaudwd in "II Tro
. vatore."
A Very Enthusiastic Audience Rains
F.owers and Applausa on
the Performers.
"II Trovatore" has always been one of
the most successful operas in the reper
toire of the Italian Philharmonic Society,
and last night the .company revived this
ever green Verdi opera at the Baldwin
Theater. An enthusiastic following of
friends of the singers and fellow-members
of the Italian colony were present, and
flowers and applause were lavished on the
performers.
. Miss Ida Valeria had been especially
encaged fox the role of Leonora and her
absolute security both in the vocal score
and In the rjcena made her a tower of
strength to some. of her less tried and ex
perienced companions. She sansr with
her usual artistic verve and finish and her
work all through "II Trorntore" gave the
perlormance a professional cachet, which
had a good-deal to do with the enthusiasm
displayed Dy tiie audience. '
Siunor L. Giorgi, who formerly was
prirno tenore assclutoof the Philharmonic
Society, has been restored to that position,
and last night sarig the title role of the
unfortunate foundling, whose woei Verdi
has told to su.ch popular music. With all
his faults the Philharmonic audiences
love Giorgi still. They overlook bis little
aberrations from the true pitch, his littLe
harshnesses of tone here and there, for the
sake of his exuberant enthusiasm and the
utter abandonment with which lie throws
himself into his roles.
Signor Gior-i, in a suit of glistening
armor, with a white plume that Henry of
Navarre might have coveted, wns an in
spiring figure. He made love to Leonora,
kept the center of the stag* and bid deri
ance to the fell Count di Luna with the
spirit of a true primo tenore assoiuto, and
the--aii(li« > nee appreciated me fact.and ap
plauded him to the echo.
■ Mrs. E. Cuneo McLean looked exceed
ingly picturesque as Azucena and ac ed
with the tragic intently ot an artist rather
than an amateur. In the jyric part 01 the
role she was hampered by the fact that her
voice is a light mezzo- Soprano rather than
a dramatic contralto, put her histrionic
skill caused her to triumph over this fact
it she had the voice as sne has the histri
onic ability Mrs. McLean could be a <Teat
artist. •
Sig-.ior C. Zapelli won applause for the
spirited way in which he threw himself
into the Count di Luna's rol*. C. Vitalini
sang very satisfactorily as Ferranuo, Uie
basso.
The choruses, which are so prominent a
feature of the Philharmonic Society's per
formances, were not quite up to tneir
usual efficiency. The attack, especially,
was not so good as usual ; the volume of
sound, however, w.as lull and resonant in
the anvil chorus, which had evidently
been well retiearsed. The choristeia did
very good .work.
Protessor A. Spadina conducted very
efficiently and succeeded in controlling his
orchesfra so that none of the leading-sing
ers were -overweighted by the orchestral
score.- The picturesque way in which "11
Trovatore" was mounted reflected great
Credit on the Atagp management.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
1
This space Costs money ; :
! the best argument wEy. we
should "fill it ■ with ' items
worthy of your 'confidence. •
SPECIAL SAVING SALE. •
Monday — Tuesday— Wednesday' ••
Pasha Blend Coffee ' lb 30c *
 . other days 35c. "»'.. I »
Our improveH'for'mala. * o , "
Seafoam Corn and Succotash
':':"'■' ~. ' can o i2oc
other days 15c.' , .•" °
Young, tender, natnrally sweet. . .
Packed'for us at Maine. •"■
Eggs- " : • doz 15c
All warranted. • , » "•
j French Mushrooms : -° ; \ '
F. Lecourt, reguiariy 25c, .can 20c
. .Charles, regularly 20c, o . •>.• can lft Vl
Booth's Old Tom Gin bot 75c 1
\ other days $100. -° * * f
London's famous medicinal remedy. f *\ ,
Dates • ';■■'.. V. lb ioc
other days 15c.
.;;.: Black Fard, the for stuffing.
Canned Fruits ' doz ¥ 90c
Just the size fur small familfes.
GermanSeafoamSoap doz 40c
regular. 50c. .
■ Light as air. Makes abundance of
lather. *
Food for the Lenten' Season r
We liav- many noveltieff and sugges-
tions to offer; most every variety of sea
food for sale'here."., -
\ Catalogue mailed feee.
i '
I.h. A. Berteltn?. Pros. . v 11. Nordman. Vlce-Pra*
j A. W. Kirk. Hea. Jos. .Nordman, Tre»t
- (Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
— HAS REIVIpVED TO — - .
16 EARN STREET
0000000000000 !
II TTT' AT Properly prepared and •'.
|\/| H£X I promptly served, can
JLV±M-UJL .11^ , always be obtuined in
THE i GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly r the f\ AT A /^«T7 •
Most Popular MA I A C X
Dining r Apart- Ai^ilV-li-'
ment in town. mK^^Mm^mamm^m***
0000000000000