VOLUME LXXXI.- NO. 131.
TURKS AND
GREEKS AT
WAR NOW.
Subjects of King George Cross
Over Into Macedonia and
Fighting Follows.
AT LAST THE CLASH OCCURS.
An Invasion of Irregulars Resented by the
Ottoman Troops, Who Are Demanding
the Blood of Their Hated
Christian Foes*
LONDON', Eire , April 9.— The Evening
News publish* s a late dispatch from
Elas-ona, headquarters of Edhem Pasha,
command?r-in-chief of the Turkish Jorces
in Macedonia, giving the details <f a
battle between Greeks and Turks. It is
not known whetner the Greeks are the
same body described in an earlier dis
patch as having crossed the frontier and
were attacked by Turks, but as the fight
ing is reported in both instances in the
vicinity of Grevena it is likely that the
Greeks, whom the first dispatch said were
brigands, were really irregular troops wbo
have advanced into Turkish territory de
spite the orders of Crown Prince Constan
tine. If this be the case it will render the
situation, already perilous, far more so
CRETANS DEFY THE POWERS.
LONDON, ENG., April 9.— A dispatch to ihe Daily News from Canea states
that the Austrian warship Crown Princess Stefani arrived yesterday at Kissamo,
which is being besieged by the insurgents. As the warship approached she hoisted
a flag of truce. Later she sent a boat with two soldiers to carry mails for the
Turkish fort. The insurgents, unheeding the flag, fired on the boats. The warship
replied with quick-firing and six-inch guns, speedily quieting the insurgents.
To-day the Crown Princess Stefani sent a number of boats to town to embark
Moslems who hzd expressed a strong desire to leave. The insurgents again fired on
the toats, whereupon all the warships in the bay took part in bombarding the
Christians. They fired eighty shells. The rebels found the gunnery practice so
gocd that they ceased tue fusillades on the boats until after they had taken the
refugees on board. The beats embarked twenty-seven women, children and old
men. After they started for the Austrian gunboat Sebenico, which was to take the
refugees to Canea, the insurgents again fired upon them. Ihe Serenico, after
Isncing the refugees at Canea, started back for Kissamo to get other Moslems
whose capture is daily threatened.
and may result in open hostilities be- t
tween ibe two armies on the frontier
without the formality of an actual declara- '
tion of war.
At 3 o'clock this morning a thousand
Greeks, under cover of the darkness, I
crossed the frontier aoout twenty miles
southwest of Grevena. The Greeks were
discovered by the TurKish outposts of the
second line, who tired upon them and
then fell back upon their own main body.
Orders were immediately given for the
Turks to attack.
At 5 o'clock the Greeks were surrounded
in the forest. The nature of the ground
made it impossible for the Turks to deliver
an effective lire, the Greeks being protected
by the trees. The latter replied briskly to
to the Turks' fire and succeeded in check
ing their advance. At the lime the dis
patch was sent the fighting was proceeding
vigorously.
The Greeks were holding their own.
Artillery was being hurried to the scene.
It is thoueht that if this be brought into
action, the Greeks will be speedily dis
lodged.
It is impossible to ascertain whether
there are any regular troops among the
Greeks, but the band is so Urge that it
suggests that probability. If this be so,
fighting alone the whole frontier is ine
vitable.
Edhetu Pasha will advance immediately
if he learns that regulars are takine part
in the fij;ht. Orders to that effect have
been issu.-d. It would not be surprising
if the whoie Turkish army soon advances
into Greece.
The situation is extremely critical.
Actual war was never so near since the
troubles began. Secret telegrams are con
stantly passing between the military com
mander at Grevena and the Porte.
ELASfcONA, Trr.KEY, April 9. — The
Greek force that this morning invaded
Turkish territory has held out so desper
ately against the Turks that Edhem Pasha
sentorti rs to Hakti Pasha, commander
of the Turkish division at Grevena, to
move against the Greeks. The greater
part of Hakki Pasha's division is now ad
vancing against the invaders, and a bloody
light is expected. The troops are enthu
siastic over an opportunity for an engage-*
nient with the hnted Christians.
Edhem i'asha iias notified all the gen
erals to hold their commands in readiness
Tor instant action. The reservists have
Jeit the encampment here in order to
move closer to the line of defense. This
cil y is to-day the scene of the greaiest
military activity.
The insurgents at Kissimo have kept
their promise to treat the foreign aa
rnirals as enemies. The news from there
•hows they have nred upon the Austrian
The San Francisco Call
warship, which replied, silencing the
guns of the insurgents.
PI.AIST OF 111E PORTE.
Desires the Power * to Settle the Trouble
Without Delay.
LONDON, Eng., April 9.— lt is under
stood here that the Porte has presented a
note to the powers complaining of the
crisis hurting the Ottoman exchequer and
requesting the governments to hasten a
settlement. A Constantinople dispatch
pays the official opinion is that the powers
are losing their hold upon the course oi
events, owing to France's proposals being
favorable to Greece and the likelihood of
their acceptance.
In the House of Commons to-day Sir R.
Webster, Attorney- General, said the pow
ers had not yet decided whether they
woulrl establish a blockade of Greece in
the event of her final refusal to withdraw
her troops from Crete.
There was a stormy scene in the Italian
Chamber of Dputies to-day when the
Marquis Visconti Ver.osta declared the
pohcy of Italy regarding Crete. He urced
the necessity of Italy remaining in con
cert as a means of averting a general out
break. Nevertheless, he said, the Govern
ment woulJ act always in a conciliatory
spirit toward Greece.
CUVSCJL OF WAR HI I.IK
LONDON, Eng., April 9.— The Telegraph
pnnu an E a^soua dispatch conhrming
tbe reported invasion of Albania, between
Grevena and Krania. The correspondent
says it is thought probable that fighting
will now break out along the entire fron
tier. A Turkish council of war was held
to-day.
A dispatch from Larissa says troops are
being forwarded daily to the frontier and
the advance posts are being strengthened.
THE FLEET OF THE POWERS OFF KISSAMO.
infcabiUm! totorn.l" tE Cr.tT H™ *' k"?" I""*"' 1 are ma " in * their forces and P"P*""S to resist any attempt of the allied warships to interfere with their plans of reducing the Moslem
inhabits to terms. The Cretans fired upon the boats cent .shore by toe Austrian fla £8 hi P for the purpose of embarking the Moslem,, whereupon .11 the warship, took part in bombarding Chrtetiu*
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1897
Where Yesterday's Fighting Took Place Between the Turks and Greeks.
For weeks past troops have been concentrating near the Green frontier— the Turks at Salonica and the Greeks at Lanssa,
Arta and Prevesa. Latterly they have been gradually advancing toward each other, and a few days ago a strong detachment'
of Greeks crossed the border. They seem to Lave encountered a Turkish force near Grevena yesterday, where some lively
fighting took place. If present signs do not fail it is in this part of Macedonia that a battle may be looked for within a short
time.
CUBANS WIN A DECISIVE BATTLE.
In a Hand-to-Hand Conflict the Insurgents
Drive the Spaniards From the
Field— Barbarity in Porto
Rico.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 9.— A big battle has b«en lought at Ban Miguel, Pinar del Kio proTince, betwsen the Spanish
battalion of Gerona and 1000 insurgents, led by Vidal Ducasse and Perico Deigado. Alter a hand-to-hand fight the Spanish
retired, leaving on the field their dead, wounded, and horses, arms and ammunition.
Since Maceo's time no other battle of such importance has been fought in the province. The Spanish explain the combina
tion of two columns, which were to attack the Cubans on two sides, failed. They say the battalion of Gerona was ordered to
maintain without help a bad position to encourage the insurgents to attack and th.en drive them to a certain place, at which the
other battalion was expected to overwhelm the patriot force. The Cubans captured 200 rifles and 300,000 rounda of
ammunition.
An expedition has landed fifteen miles from Havana, at Punta del Indio.
A dispatch from Madrid says the contract for a loan which the Government decided to make from the Banco de Espana has
been signed, the bank advancing $10,000,000 in Spanish silver and agreeing to give $20,000,000 more if asked by the Minister of
Finance. Althongh the wording is pesetas and silver, it is well understood the bank Days in its own paper money and the whole
contract means only authorization by the Government to enlarge its issue of currency.
General Garcia has sent to the Government at Camaguey a communication giving the news of the safe landing of Roloff'i
I expedition, and saying: "The Junta at New York deserves all the praise of the patriots for the important effort which will
I hasten the triumph of Cuba." General Garcia adds that if the Junta is not thwarted by the American authorities the inde-
pendence of Cuba can soou be achieved. General Roloff has started for Gamagu ey to join the Government.
In Santa Clara province Gomez is harassing the Spanish columns and the Spanish are unable to force him to retire toward
Jucaro-Moron trocha, where Weyler plans to catch Gomez between two fires. A. private report from Santiago de Cuba says
Garcia has captured, near Manzanillo, the Spanish general Aldave, and that the insurgents are willing to exchange him for
Rivera. Though the report is denied by the authorities a long disDatch has been sent about it to Weyler. , Rivera waa brought
here this afternoon from San Cristobal and lodged in Cabanas fortress.
ONE HUNDRED MEN TORTURED TO DEATH.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 9.— News of the revolt in Porto Rico was known to the authorities two weeks ago, but was sup
pressed by the censor. Now there are reports of atrocities committed by the Spaniards at Yauco and Adjuntas, where more
than 100 men were killed by torture known as componte.
The whole island of Porto lUco has been terrorized, and the people are beginning to fl«e to Santo Domingo. The revolution
was well planned, but Quineros Velez rose prematurely March 24 against the orders of the principal secssionists. The leaders
had named a later day, expecting help from New York.
DIRT WAS
PILED UPON
THE RAILS
Two Cars of the Sutro
Line &ash Into Each
Other.
WAS THE WORK OF A FIEND.
B* A* Bosqui Painfully Injured and Several
. More of the Passengers of Both
. Cars Very Badly Shaken
Up.
Obstructions placed upon the track of
the Sutro electric road last night derailed
one of the cars, it crashing into another
going in the opposite direction and en
dangering tbe lives of several passengers.
The accident happened on the crude
just back of the cemetery, at the corner of
Richmond and Commonwealth avenues.
The car was crowded, the night being fine,
and at that time, 8:30 o'clock, there was a
larger crowd than usual poing to and from
the Cliff House and Sutro Baths.
After :urning the curve back of the
cemetery the westbound car was going
down the grade at the usual rate of speed,
six or eicin miles, when the motorman sud
denly felt the front wheels jump and jolt
over some obstruction, and then go off ihe
track. He at once reversed the electric
current and put on the brakes, but before
he could check the headway of the car an
eastbound car of the tame line swung up
just in time to collide with the derailed
westbound one.
The passengers on both cars felt a sud
den jar. Those in the front part, which
is open and served the purposes of a
dummy, felt mure than the shock, for sev
eral were thrown off on their faces in the
road, and one or two were cut by flying
fragments of glass.
B. A. Bosqui, who resides at 751 Sutter
street, was the only passenger seriously
injured. His left ankle was sprained and
his right foot and ankle were badly
bruised. He was conveyed in the police
ambulance to the City Receiving Hospi
tal, where his wounds weredressad, after
which he was taken home in a hack. He
is a son of Bosqui, the well-known printer
and engraver.
Mrs. Taylor and her daughter, who
were on the front part of the westbound
car, were roughly shaken up, but fortu
nately escaped injury.
A man sitting near the large convex
panes of glass in front of the open part of
the car had his face cut by three pieces of
glas?. The cuts, however, were only su
perficial.
The front of the westbound conveyauce
and the side of the car eastbound were
broken, and all the windows in the latter
were smashed.
The cra-h of the collision attracted the
attention of the nurses at the Children's
Hospital, which is opposite the scene of
the coilis.on about 2iX) yards away, and
they were promptly on the scene with
st cking-plaster and lint bandages, but
their services were not required except in
tuo case of the young man whose lace was
scratched.
Young Bosqui was in great pain as he
lay on the operating table in the Receiv
ing Hospital while the surgeons dressed
and bound his injured feet. He said:
"I was on the front of the westbound
car, and when we went down the grade
just back of the cemetery the car went at
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
great speed. Suddenly I felt a jar and
grinding of the front wheels, as though
they had left the rails. Then we crashed
into the eastbound car and I was thrown
violently to tie ground. I was so badly
hurt that I could not waltc, and I am now
in great pain. Just beiore the cars came
together I was about to jump off, but we
were going so fast I was afraid I would
get run over, and so I remained on the
car."
E. M. Van Frank, superintendent of the
road, says the wreck gave every evidence
of being the result of a deliberate attempt
to wreck the cars.
"The accident happened about half-past
8 o'clock last evening," he said, "and it
was undoubtedly the work of some mis
creant who, I suopose, had a erud ge
against the road. There was a car going
west and as it approached the corner of
Richmond and Commonwealth avenues s
car sroing ea>t came toward it.
"Just before the west ound car reached
the corner it left the track, and turning a
little to the side collided with the east
bound car. The steps of both cars were
splintered and the passengers were badly
shaken up. The westbound car was well
under control, as it was only going at six
or eight miles an hour. The eastbound.
car was going up the grade at about
seven miles an hour.
"I went at once to the scene of the acci
dent, and then it was 1 saw the wreck had
been a deliberate attempt upon tiie safety
of the cars. For a distance of fifteen feet
all four rails had been buried four inches
deep under the loose macadam from the
street. The one who did it had scraped
the loose rock up and had carefully
smoothed it over the rail, and as the road
way between the rails is also macadam
ized it was impossible for the motorman
to see the obstruction in time.
"Of course, where the westbound car
had reached the macadam it had crashed
through it, but the eastbound car had
been stopped by the collision, and in front
of it 1 saw where the trap had been care
fully set for it. The roadway alongside
the tracks is of this loose stuff, not rolled
or watered, and is built up hieh as the
rails. Tue roadbed between the rails is
also of macadam, loose like that on the
crossway, and it was an easy matter for
any one to go along and scrape the stuff
up from eacd side until the rail was
deeply buried. *
"The cars were running on five minutes'
headway, and the cars, both east and
west bound, ahead* of those which col
lided had passed over the very point of
the derailment only a few minutes before.
"The matter has been placed in the
hands of tne police. I have no knowledge
of any one or any reason for any one
doing tucli a thing. It might have been
a horrible accident, and I cannot see what
could prompt any one to cause it."
CANADIAN POLICE ON GUARD.
Lcrgs Detachment of Mounted Men Sent
to Enforce Mining Laws on the
British Columbia Border.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, April 9.— A
large detachment of Canadian Northwest
mounted police left Regina to-day for the
Yukon River district. They are ordered
north ostensibly to protect the British
Columbia border against sningglers from
Alaska who have been peddling contra
band whisky to Indiana on the Canadian
line.
They will also enforce more rigidly the
Canadian mining laws in the Yukon
country. The party is equipped with a
large stock of supplies. Tney will not re
turn to civilization for two years.
AI'JEK A. TJt'y /».4lb' SI 808.
Spaniards Forced to Abandon a Fort ana]
Eaten While Retreating.
HAVANA. Cuba, April 9.— A report
has just reached here that the Spanish
garrison of ; Fort Guamo, near Bayamo,
after a ten days' siege was forced to aban«
don its position and retreat toward the
Cauto Embarcadero sarrison. It was
ambushed en route and the entire com
pany either killed or captured. Details
are lacking, but the report is fully con
firmed.
Near La Mocha in the Agaacate hills of
Matanzis the Spanish, under Colonel
At men Jars, were defeated by the Cubans
unber General Rosas. The Spanish losses
were upward of sixty killed and wounded.
The Cuban loss is estimated at thirty
killed and wounded.
General Weyler his sent Major Sandoval
of his staff aa special Commissioner to
Washington.
Ki'tnarek U Him* elf Again.
LONDON, Exg., April 9.— A Berlin dis
patch sava thai Bismarck has completely
recovered. In an interview yesterday h«
said: "My enemies will have to rest
patiently lor a time. I'm still cm earth."2
CHINESE HORDES
READY TO LAND
Danger of Another Inva
sion of Asiatic Intrud
ers Threatened.
Little Brown Men Com ng Under
Fretext of Going to an
Exposi'ion.
At Least Two Thoussnd of Them to
Invade the Country Under
Flimsy Pretext
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.—Secre
tary of the Tieasury Gagp received a tele
gram to-aay saying that 180 Chinese emi
grants would arrive to-morrow at .Portal,
N. Dak., on the Canadian line. The Col
lector of Customs for that district said the
Chinese were on the way to Nashville to
take part in the Tennessee centennial ami
would claim admission to the United
States by authority of a joint resolution
of Congress permitting alien laborers to
be imported in connection with foreign
exhibits. The Collector wanted to know
what he should do. The Secretary im
mediately held a consultation with Chief
Crowley of the special agents' division,
wno has charge of the matter pertaining
to the Chinese exclusion laws.
A study of the joint resolution showed a
pretty serious state of affairs. Its pro
visions are so broad that the country is in
danger of a Chinese invasion To make
matters worse the Trassury Department
l.as received information that large num
bers of Chinese, intended tor Nashville.
expected to arrive shortly at San Fran
cisco and Seattle, and the estimates given,
together with the party bound for Portal,
show no less than '2000 Chinese laborers
who claim the righi to enter. It is feared
by the treasury officials that others will
endeavor to gain admission in the same
way, and a wholesale attempt to evade
the exclusion law will follow.
The joint resolution was adopted by
Congress nearly a year ago. Last December
the Treasury Department issued a circu
lar to the custom* and immigration offi
cers and special agents containins instruc
tions about the matter and dealing with
contract laborers who would come under
it. The resolution provides that the alien
contract-labor law and the Chinese ex
clusion law« are not to be construed to
prevent any foreign exhibitor from bring
ing into the country under contract such
mechanics a< he may deem necessary for
making preparations for installing or con
ducting the exhibits. A proviso says, "No
alien shall be permitted to enter under
contract unless by express permission
granted by the Secretary ot the Treasury.
Any sucli alien wno remains in the coun
try more than a year after the exposition
is to be subject to the penalties of the
alien contract laborer."
Chief Crowley will send instructions to
collectors to secure the identification of
the Chinese in each party and not to ad
mit any without evidence that the person
in charge has a concession for a Chinese
exhibit in Nashville. The World's Fair
and the Cotton States Exhibition at At
lanta brought over a large number of
Chinese. Some never went back, despite
the efforts of the Treasury Department.
SEAL COMMISSIONERS CGNFER.
Devising Means 1o Step the Bering Sea
Slaughter — England Is Shirking
Her Duty.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— Ex-
Becretary John Foster and Charles H»ra
lin, formerly Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, the Commissioners to be ap
pointed by President McKinley to devise
means tor preserving the seals, had a
conference to-day. They will begin work
by examining the long report made by
David Starr Jordan on the condition of
affairs in Bering Sea. General Foster will
remain here ani Mr. Hamlin will come
on from Boston every month or so to
consult with him.
Before the President went awai' he and
Sherman looked thoroughly into the rep
resentations made about the wholesale
slaughter of seals and came to the con
clusion that Great Britain was no; doing
hsr part to stop the butchery. Just before
he went out of office Olney sent a note to
Pauncefote, the British Embassador, sug
gesting that the British and United States
Governments adopt better regulations.
Sir Julian replied that the matter was in
the hands of Canada and be did not feel
justified in interfering.
It is understood that President We-
Kinley has already concluded what course
to pursue. Proposals will be made to
Great Britain to enter into another modus
vlvendi for the present season, the two
Governments to negotiate in the mean
time regarding new regulations, in order
that harmonious action in preserving seal
life may be secured. Officials here expect
this proposal wili be rejected. The Presi
dent has decided, in that event, that a
fleet of naval vessels and revenue cutters
shall be sent to Bering Sea, to show Great
Britain that this Government intends to
no all it can to protect the seais. This
fltet, if sent, will maintain the strictest
eort of patrol.
SEEKING RECIPROCITY.
San Domingo Makes Overtures to Secre
tory Sherman for ths Negotiation
of a Treaty.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
Government of San Domingo has made
overtures to Secretary Sherman for the
negotiation of a reciprocity treaty between
the two countries. Most of the Fan Do
mingo sugar is grown on plantations
owned by Americens. Between six and
eight million dollars Is Invested there.
Nearly all of the sugar produced is sent to
tbe United States, but cannot leave San
Domingo without the payment of a heavy
export tax. All the machinery and most
of the manufactured articles used in that
country come from the United States.
San Domingo is willing to modify tbe im
port duties levied on them and the exDort
tax on sugar if this Government will
modify the tariff on articles grown there.
OLI> mil. nit. us Jt£l*/HTATEI>.
Mr Kin try Providing flam for Men Shut
Vut bit t'l'vetantt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— 01 d
soldiers who were removed by the Cleve
land administration are rapidiy being re
instated. Secretary Bliss has directed the
reappointment of Captain Henry Potter
of Ohio to his old position as Chief of the
Mineral Division of the General Land
Office ; also Captain George Red way of Cal
ifornia to the position he formerly held as
Chief of the Accounts Divisions. Captain
Kedway succeeds ex-C ief B. Rally, who
has been reduced to a $1600 clerkship to
succeed Paul Black, one of Hoke Smith's
appointees^ who has been discharged.
DAISY LEI TEH A PRISONER.
Harsh Methods of Her Multi- M Ilionaire
Father to Prevent Her Joining
Hir Sweetheart
VVASHINGTON, D. C. April 9— Daisy
Leiter, daughter of Levi Z. Leiter, the
multi-millionaire who made millions in
Chicago dry goods and real estate, is
locked up in her room in the Leiter man
sion in care of a maid, who is charged
with the duty of preventing her escape to
join ncr lever, Bob Waliacb. The latter
is a handsome, manly young fellow and a
son of an ex-Mayor of Washington.
The young people fell in love when
they met at a society function. Papa
Leiter obj cted, having other plans for
Daisy's future.
He summoned a family council, and
Daisy was put through a catechism. She
made it plain that ••Bob" Wallach would
be her cavalier if she wanted him. As
argument and remonstrance availed
nothing, and the young lady continued to
receive the attentions of the youth, she
was ordered to her room and the Key was
turned against r.er.
Wallnch, being a persistent lover,
planned an elopement, which was to be
made effective when the young lady
should take one of her daily vvalks
through the park?.
But Father Leiter had hired a detective
and the elopement plan was frustrated.
All else failing in his efforts to keep the
two apart L=>iter will now take the family
to London to attend the May drawing
room ami the Queen's birthday and dia
mond jubil-e. he hopes to chill the girl's
affections by a separation. H» has also
drawn a new will, which cuts M'S3 Daisy
off with less than the proverbial shilling
if she marries young Wallach.
ASKS FOR A HIGHER PRICE.
Secretary of Ihe Nary Long Refers the
Armor- Plate Question Back to
Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9—Secre
tary of the Navy Lonjr has written to
Vice-President Hobart and Speaker Reed
referring the quesiion of fixing a mini
mum price to be paid for armor plate back
to Congress, and asks that a higher price
be alloweJ.
The letter is a sequel of the depart
ment's failure to secure bids in response
to the advertisement for 8000 tons of ar
mor to be used on the Illinois, Alabama
and Wivconsin. Secretary Long says he
has been obliged to reject the propositions
of the Illinois Steel Company and quotes
the report made by Captain Sampson,
chief of ordnance. Sampson, who made
an inspection of the plant, says the Illinois
company is unable to make the required
armor. Secretary Long includes in the
communication a recommendation of Sec
retary Herbert that $400 be fixed as the
minimum price per ton.
Of XSXMKMHX 1O TB.K COAST.
California n* in Washington and What
They Are I>o*mj.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— W. D.
Thorpe of San Francisco is in Washing
ton, and it is said he is very anxious to
succeed 0. M. Wei burn as Collector of In
ternal Revenue at San Francisco.
M. A. Wheaton will leave (or California
to-nL-ht. He will stop at Philadelphia,
New York, Boston, Chicago, and will ar
rive in San Francisco in about a month.
The Senate Committee on Naval Affair 3
met to-day and reported favorably th« bill
reimbursing John K>yde Sullivan, who
was at one time paymaster at Mare
Island.
William Hensley of Oakland is in Wash
ington. J. F. Evans of San Francisco i»
at tne Riggs.
JlleK.ln.trii Hill KmUirn.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 9.— A tele
gram received at the Navy Department
to-day from tho commander of the Dol
phin said that the boat would be here
to-morrow. When the President went
away he thought he would remain away
until Monday, if the weather was good,
but Jupiter Pluvius has held sway over
Chesapeake Bay and ttie Potomac ever
since, and McKinley has not enjoyed
being penned between decks.
DID NOT DIE AS A CHRIST I AN.
An Inquest on the Remains of Captain
HcGffin Results in a Verdict of
Suicide — Was a Buddhist
NEW YORK. N. V., April 9.— An in
quest was held 10-day over the remains of
Captain McGiflin, commander of the
Chinese batile-shin Chen Yuen, who com
mitted suicide in the hospital here while
suffering from wounds received in the
battle at Yaru. In McG. run's diary, the
chief evidence submitted, he said:
"i wish it distinctly understood that I
die believing, as I have for years, in the
principle of Buddhism, not Christianity.
I cannot swallow ti.e latter, and have no
faith. Should I be wrong, God will not
damn bnt save me, since he made me.
My environments are such that I cannot
consistently believe in Christianity."
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict of
suicide.
ANOTHER GULF TORNADO.
Sweeps Over Sections of Georgia and
Alabama. Gausing Devastation and
Loss ef Life.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 9.— Telegrams
from Ozark, Ala., Valdos>a, Ga., and the
ill-fated town of Arlington. Ga., show that
this section was visited to-day by another
•Gulf tornado, which ascended the Apa
lachiocta Valley and swept northward
with terrific force to the confluence of the
Chattahoochie and Flint rivers, where it
divided. One section went toward Ozark,
whero many bouses were blown to pieces.
Several livos were iost, among thorn Mrs.
Powers, who was caught beneath tbe fail
ing timbers of her home and crushed.
Her husband wa*. unable to save her, at fie
was himself badly hurt.
GIFT OF HALF A. MILLION.
A. } oung JLadu't Prevent to a Seta Tor*
T.pincopal l'arl*h
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.— Miw Se
renaKbiuelander, who is well known here
for acts of charity and because of her
prominence in the social- world, has pre
sented be parish of St. James Episcopal
Church with several buildings at Eighty
first and Madison avenue, including a
church, a parish house and a rectory,
which are to cost in the neighborhood of
$500,000. The first installment of the gift,
St. Christopher's parish house, which cost
about $100,000, win be consecrated Satur
day by Bishop Potter.
Miss Rhineiander is the daughter of the
late William Kbinelander. and the sister
of the late Mrs. LisDenard Stewart. It is
estimated that the greater part of the
property has passed into Miss Rbinelan
tier's bands. The total ralue of the Rhine
lander estate it* now $75,000,000. •'%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
CONSTRUCTOR AND
REAR-ADMIRAL
An Interesting Controversy
Between Bunce and
Hichborn.
Strictures Concerning Modern
War Vessels That Are
Resented
Bui ders Declare They Know More
Abmt Slips Than 0 ficers Who
Navigate Them.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 9.— A con
troversy has arisen between Naval Con
structor Hicbborn and Admiral Bunce
over the strictures cast by the admiral
upon the vesseis of his fleet designed by
the Construction Bureau.
Bunce wants the superstructure re
moved from the monitors, so that free
play will be given the wavis i;i breaking
across the decks. The aJiniral has found
numerous objections with a number of
other vessels of the fleet.
Bichborn replied spiritedly, statin? that
nothing was the matter with the vessel?.
He intimates that he knows more at.out
construction than the admiral.
The controversy beiran with a letter
from Captain Jewell of the Marblehead, in
which he related an experience in heavy
Hatteras seas, and intimated the vessel
should be changed before being sent to
sea again. Bunce indorsed this. The
need of a light spardeck to the Marble
head was also recommended.
To strengthen the argument the ad
miral recites that two little coastwise
steamers passed the Marblehead in the
height of a gale while she laid to making
bad weather.
Hichborn says as the stability of the
three vessels of the Marblehead class are
so well known to the navy he cannot be
lieve that Btince intended to suggest
an additional deck upon the vessel, but
■ imply meant to criticize the poop and
forecastle of the ship 1 ' generally.
"The bureau regrets," says the con
structor, "that (1 ist in. mi. s lied < fficers
should make such unnecessary sugges
tions for chan.-es in shii»3 wliicti n& thor
oughly satisfactory, and in doing so have
brought unwarranted discredit not only
upon a vessel but upon the whole Ameri
can navy."
WHO PULLED HIS GUN FIRST?
V.tal Question in a Kansas Murder Trial
That Has Aroused Intense
Public Interest.
WICHITA, Kas., April 9.— The prelim
inary hearing in the case of J. V. Cun
ningham, Deputy United States Marshal
of Abiiene, Texas, c'narged with the mur
der of Joseph B. McMahon in ihe corridor
of the Manhattan Hotel on April 2, was
had before Justice Jones to-day in the Ap
pellate Court room. The case was dis
cussed a good deal last evening, and it
seems to be pretty well understood that a
strong effort will be made to get Cunning
ham out on bail.
The prosecution was conducted by Sam
Amidon and Mr. Conley, while Judee
Wnll and A. E. Helm of th's city and K.
K. Leggett of Abilene, Texas, and Judge
Lindspv of Comanche, Texas, conducted
tue d( fense. At 6 o'clock all ihe evidence
w.-.s in and the case will be argued to-mor
row.
There never was such crowd at any
criminal trial in the Wichita courthouse,
the local prominence of the men having
aroiibcd the utmost interest. Cunning
ham was surrounded by many friends,
among \v om was United States Marshal
Love of Texas. Public santiment has
greatly changed, and people who a fuw
days aero .thought Cunningham acted
rashly now think the shooting waa j.istili
able. The testimony to-day showed that
McMahon provoked Cunningham irreatlv,
and the question now arises as to whether
McMahon drew his gun first. There are a
great many wealthy stockmen from Texas
and Kansas here ready to go on Cunning
ham's bond should hebe admitted to bail.
i> t.< i nk.ni l > i .v> a i /o_\ a i ..
llnu- the Boots Trust Worked on the
Hunting Lefiinltttuv.
TOPEKA. Kaxs., April 9.— lnteresting
developments were brought out in toe
committee appointed to investigate brib
ery in the last Kansas Legislature. The
testimony given this morning by Speaker
Street of the last Legislature . was de
cidedly sensational and will undoubtedly
lend to criminal prosecutions.
Street testified that when the uniform
text book bill was be:or« the Legislature
he was approached by a representative of
the American Book Trust who offered to
pay to him $50j0 if lie would apply the
two-thirds ruling in the bill, or to pay him
$2000 i* the hill were killed.
Street testified that he had refuted
these offers and that then the go-between
had offered to pay him $1000 if he would
promise to "keep mum" on what had
occurred.
Two other members of the last Legis
lature testified that they baa been offered
bribes for their votes in the railroad bill.
iuk Ki;.\iit hr uh. a in. <x h.
May Km Broken '10-litty by the Election
of Hunter.
FRANKFORT. Kt., April 9.— The lecis
latlve deadlock over the election of Black
burn's successor will probably be broken
to-morrow. Baldwin, a bolting Repub
lican, cam* over to Hunter, :he recular
Republican candidate, on the second
ballot to-day. • Representative Gambill
(Hunter Republican) embraced Baldwin
and planted h k:?s on tin cheek, hunter
receive! 63 votes— within two of election.
Senator Siege, a bolting Republican,
promised that if the Hunter people could
got one other vote he would cast the de
cidin/ vote for Hunter. The Blackburn
ites caucused to-night, and will try to
unite on Martin (Gold Democrat) to-mor
row, in the hope of preventing Hunter's
election.
JBVKXOB AIHH.S UISASTF.H.
A Carload of Firework* Erplotl** With
Terrible Remit*. a
BUENOS AYRES, Argentine, April 9 —
An immense amount of damage has
been caused by the explosion of a car
loaded with fireworks. The accident oc
curred near a block of buildings adjacent
to the Bourse, and the buildings almost
immediately caught lire. The whole block
was destroyed before the flames were
under control. Ten persons lost their lives
from the explosion during the conflagra
tion. " t v
JCr-tiort-mar Merriam .'Note a Rrtmivtr.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 9— Judge Brill
has appointed ex-Govern r William R.
Merriam receiver of the Minnesota Pack
ing and Provision Company and of the
St. Paul Refrigerator ana Car Company,
following the order filed yesterday. As
receiver of both companies Merriam
niu*t rile bonds in $125,000. The annual
meeting of the Minnesota company will
be held in May and tbe court did not wisb
at this time to make an order respecting
the election of new officers ami directors,
but may make a further order before tne
day oi meeting.
CHICAGO'S MISSING BANKER.
Says He Will Face the Mus c on Monday
and Satisfactorily Explain His
Transactions.
CHICAGO, 111., April 9— President
Spalding of the Globe Savings Bank and
treasurer of the Illinois University, who
was custodian of over $500,000 of State
University funds that have disappeared,
says that he will return on Monday.
Meantime, detectives are looking for him
with a warrant, one of a batch Issued last
night for A. D. Averill *nd Charles E.
Churchill, vice-president and cashier re
spectively of the Globe Bank. The war
rants charge the officers of the bank with
embezziemeDt, and are sworn out by Frank
E. Stone of the firm of Stone & Francis,
which tirm was a depositor at the G.'obe,
and the charge is also male that money
was received niter the officers knew the
institution was insolvent Churchill and
Averill furnished bonds to-day for their
appearance on April 19.
At the univeraitv trustees' meeting on
Tue-day Spalcllnj; will be asked to frVJ an
account of the money. It is said that his
accounts have not been audited for over
two years. The university has his bond
for more than enough to cover the trust,
but there is no certainty that tha bond
can be realized.
Meantime the case assumes the aspect
of v chase between the university and the
Chicago Title and T^ust Company for the
tirst claim on the property of Spalding.
Leman. vice-president ol the trust com
pany, acting for the depositors of the
Globe Bank, has secured judgments
against all property under the control of
Spaldinp which has not been turned over
to the trust company as receivers for the
defunct bank.
Friends of Rpaldinj, say he is under
medical treatment in this city. On
Wednesday Francis McKay, president of
the board of trustees, and Professor Shat
tuck, business agent of the board, found
Spaiding'n private secretary. He £n»lly
consented to tafceSnattuck to see Spa/ding
on condition that he should not reveal
Spalding's whereabouts. Yesterday Shat
tuce reported to the board that he had
found Spalding apparently very sick,
and that his physician forebade an ex
tended inter\iew. Spalding briefly told
him that next week he would account sat
isfactorily for the funds of the university.
The trustees have no means of ascertain
in^ whether Spalding has hypothecated
any of the bonds.
MANY SEE AN AIRSHIP.
Several Hundred Residents o
Nebraska Will £wear They
Are Not Mistaken.
la lowa the Winged Visitant of the
Night Is Also Observed
by Crtwls.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 9.— Several hun
dred persons arc ready to swear that an
airship of gigantic proportions has been
hovering over this city at night for some
time. Sit months ago it was heard of in
the interior of the Stale and since then
has been seen in other parts of Nebraska.
During the last two weeks it has been seen
almost nightly in this city. Invariably
the descriptions have been the same.
More persons have seen the great head
light of the machine than the outlines of
the vessel, although a great many say
they have eeen the full outlines of the
ship itiel!.
Tne general verdict is that the ship has
a long steel body, shaped like a cigar,
about forty feot long, six to ten feet in
diameter, winglike attachments on the
sides, while fore and aft appear wheellike
devices rimilar to the stearins Apparatus
of steamships. Toe top Is capped with a
balloon-like bug, oblong and seemingly
attached to the vessel by ropes. The
headlight is similar to that of a locomo
tive.
The first instance in which the ship has
been seen on the ground was reported
lrorn Wolf Creek Township, lowa, just
across the river. Richard Builer, a very
well-to-do farmer, says he saw the ship
while driving home Wednesday night.
He describes it as a long, narrow car re
sembling a corset-box thirty feet in length,
six or seven in width and the same in
height. Over the car floated a cigar
shaped bag horizontally placed of about
the same lengto. Whether there were
sailing or steering apparatus Builer can
not say, for ihe horses caught sight of the
vessel, bolted for the opposite aide of the
road and tumbled the wagon and driver
into a Hitch. By t c time Butler cruwled
from the wreck the machine was moving
briskly in a southerly direction. Several
hundred Omaha peoplo also saw the ship
Wednesday.
BURLINGTON, lowa, April 9.— An air
sbip was seen last night by man y along
the line of the Burlington, Ged«r Rapids
and Northern Kailroad, and it was the
chief topic of conversation to-day. Many
described the machine as havinp a head
light like that of a locomotive. They
were able to see wingliite projections on
each side. The airship appeared about
7:30, in-cording to all reports, traveled
northwest, and finally disappeared acro-s
the Minnesota State line. Home say they
heard a hissing noise as the craft elided
through the air, but only when the craft
was in swift motion, however. The craft
was supposed 10 be 10C0 feet about the
earth. It is seen only after dark, and it U
impossible to distinguish it but for the
light which often is not turned on until
the thip is directly over a city.
Windfall to a It i"d Poete**.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.-Mi»a
Alice Holme-, known in Jersey City for
forty yean as th« "Bind Foeteaa," 77
years old, a imv days ago received a letter
irom Frank Wehe, a lawyer in Downie-
Tille, Sierra County. Cal.. that ber brother
William's will nad been filed and that s .c
was left $300,000. Another brother of bers
is Mayor of Portland, Or.
J"ir«f Itnv" tatin» of Kgypttnn Suonr.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. April 9.— W. A.
Henderson, a capitalist and sugar dealer,
bas imported the first cargo of Egyptian
sugar direct from Egypt tbat ever came
to this port. The sugar consisted of 32,000
bags or 3100 tons. It came dir«»ct from
Alexandria, and is classed as Egyptian
crystals, which is equal to the beet quality
of Wesi India ra.w Migar.
inUrace.nnie Hnitroatt for Hondurnx.
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras (v?a Gal
veston). April 9 --Congress baa decided to
grant a concession to a Honduras syndi
cate, actincr in conjunction with a party
of N«w York capitalist*, for an inter
oceanic railroad from Puerto CorUz on
tlie Atlantic to Aiuapala 00 ttae Pacific.
ARMY MEN AND
POLICE CLASH
Sensational Raid on the
Gamblers at Fort
McPherson.
But the Boys in Blue Now
Resent the Interference of
State Oificers
Officers and Privates Appeal to tbe
War Department for Aid in
the Fight.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 9.— An interest
ing tight is on between the State and
Federal authorities over the right of the
United States army to gamble. At Fort
McPherson barracks, where tue Fifth in
fantry is stationed, the officers and privates
are permitted to partible to their hearts'
content. A few days ago consternation
struck the swellesi society in Atlanta
with the announcement that the police
had raided Fort McPherson, capturing a
larve number of prisoners.
The evidence lid to a score of indict
ments, set for trial to-day. The moment
the news of the raid get abroad the entire
United States army rallied to the support
of the accused comrades. A number of
high officials here vigorously protested
through ttie ablest counsel obtainable.
They secured a postponement of the hear
ing to-day.
The defendants claim they are not sub
ject to arrest except by the Federal au
thorities. The prosecution claims the
State has jurisdiction. The War Depart
ment at Washington is backing the men.
The soldiers say the honor of the army is
at stake. The army regulations do not
forbid parubling, but it has frequently
been subject to orders issued by the Secie
tary of War in specific cases.
CHICAGO POLITICIAN SHOT.
An Off-nstve Partisan Decoyed to a Lone
ly Spot and Seriously Wounded
by Two Strangers.
CHICAGO. 111.. April 9.— L. G. Mata
lene, who lives at 75 North Clark street,
was shot in the left side near ;he heart last
nipbt at the foot of Chicago avenue by
one o» two men, who, he says, decoyed
him to that lonesome spot by a false in
vitation to a recention of the Delaware
Boat Club. Matalene resisted the attack,
and as his assailants were attempting to
escape tired two shots at them. One of
the men fell, and Matalene is of the opin
icn that he was wounded.
Matalene told the police that the cause
of the shooting was revenge for his action
in the recent political fight in the Twenty
lourih Ward. Matalene had spent much
time in furthering the interests of James
J. Gray, candidate for North Town As
sessor. He also sent out 1400 circulars in
bis own name requesting his friends to
vote for Gray. In these circulars no per
sonal allusions were made to the opposi
tion;
The Bight before election a letter was
received by Maialene. In this letter whs
one of Gray's cards with the eyes of the
picture torn out und the face mutilated.
On the reverse aide was a skull and cross
bones and the warning:
If you don't stop knocking Carpenter and
Andrews we will get you. Unknown.
This warning was made sport of in the
clubrooms and no fear was felt for the re
sult. Matalene continued to work for
his candidate, the opponent of Carpenter
and Andrews.'
The assault that was made last night, j
Mstalene says, shows a clearly planned
plot. Friends of the injured man !
say they do not think the defeated candi
dates had anything to do with it and put
furth the opinion that the assailants were ,
persons who were thrown out of positions ;
by the defeat of Carpenter and Andrew*,
I I IC^t ma H II %Zr%t®
An exceedingly common and danger- WjgßHa « m
ously significant condition. mp^^ jOt*. H s m^t*. *&Un
A warning which must be heeded, or, |{pIH §MmkSmm I h ■ M S\J
as with The express train which g| 9 1
fails to regard the danger signal, « m ■
disaster must follow. j !^^
A sure indication of thin, weak, impover- I "* was feeling tired all the time, as tired
ished blood. - A certain admonition j in the morning as 1 was at night. I began
that the blood is not properly feeding I ? kln S Hood ' s Sarsaparilla, and it has
the nerves, tissues and organs of the i hel P ed me so that l have no such feelings
bo( now. My little girl suffered with pain in
.-■••. " . , , , .. . . i her stomach, but Hood's Sarsaparilla has
An imperative demand for the tonic, cured her> „ j AMES T Ma Vj N H nh-
vitalizing effect of Hood's bardsto Mass ' "^
upon the blood. • x ' ' . —
Weak, nervous, tired men and women Weakness and Loss of Appetite
are found everywhere. - Men strive "Last spring my little girl had no ap-
too hard to "keep their ends up," petite and was weak. I gave her half a
women too anxiously work "on their bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla, which cured
nerves" to meet the demands of home j her. We will now take no other medicine
and society, all have too little sleep, but Hood's Sarsaparilla, and recommend
and the excessive drain on strength it to every one for weakness and loss of
and nervous energy will soon com- appetite." WM. F. HANES, Brysonia, Pa.
pletely ruin health. A Tired Out.
The strength must be built up by pure "My husband was all tired out and run
blood, and the nerves must also find down in health. He felt the need of some-'
in pure blood the proper nerve food, thing to build him up, and he began tak-
For this purpose nothing equals ing Hood's Sarsaparilla. and Hood's Pills
Hood's Sarsaparilla. and the result was very satisfactory. We
Th« thousands of wond.rfu! cu«s it has Ss^SfiV^ff
accomplished, the like of which no MOWRY, Towanda, Pa. " 7:' ' '
other medicine and no combination of _, '' '' \ . ...
medicines can show, prove its cura- Tlred and Worn Out Feeling.
tive merit; prove that it has never "I have been taking Hood's Sarsaparilla
been equaled as a blood medicine ; and cannot say too much in its favor. It
prove that Hood's Sarsaparilla is in- !f K s done me mo re , B° od than any medicine
deed the idea, spring medicine, the «Se kfo'r a Wed^and^n out
best nerve and stomach tonic, the one feeling, as I know that it Jive? relief "
true blood purifier. WILLIAM T. HURDLE, Holly Del.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is sold by all druggists. Price $1, six for £5., Prepared only by
C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass. It is the One True Blood Purifier.
and that it was a purely personal af
fair.
Matalene is suffering severely from his
wound and it was with difficulty that he
could talk, tio far the police have made
no arrests.
A HITOKCE£> WIFE'S SUIT.
Claim* That Her Hu.ibnnd Obtained the
Decree 6/ fraud.
PERRY, Okla., April 9.— Mrs. Pauline
Herard, wife ot J. Virgil Herard, a cattle
king of the West, baa tiled suit here to set
aside the divorce decree granted her bus
band six months ago. She alleges fraud
and asks $200,000 alimony. Herard is a
Frenchman, who arrived in New York
from France when 10 year? old. He lived
with Sitting Bull for many years, and at
the age of 30 began business in Kansas
City. Later he .married a young Osage
Indian girl, who died. At Portsmouth,
Ohio, be wedded Mrs. M. P. Martin, of a
fine Virginia family.
3 Heraid has ten ranches in the Osage In
dian country and is said to be worth a
million*. He obtained a divorce last Oc
tober on the grounds of abandonment.
Mrs. Herard says he promised her $25,000
if she would not appear in the case, and
after he obtained the decree he failed to
keep his word.
THE KXVXVJKI.K HOLOCAUST.
Lint of Head Much Larger Jhan firtt
JilJ'JWIKi'.
KNOXVILLE, Jens., April 9.—Seven
teen people are still unaccounted for and
may have perished in the Hotel Knox
tire. Only thirty-five of the fifty-two
guests asleep in the hotel when the fire
broke out have been located. Telegrams
have been pouring in all day from differ
ent cities inquiring about people supposed
to have been in Knoxviile. The work of
searching for bod.es was begun iaie this
afternoon, and developments already in
dicate Unit the list of deud will be much
larger than at first tnought. Charred re
mains were found in different parts of the
ruins.
THHKE'CE.ST- i- ARK .Ml niij.h.
Suit to Compel a Hirertctr Company to
Himbrij the Law.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April 9.-A suit
to knock out the three-cent fare on ttreet
railroads in Indianapolis has been tiled in
the United States court. The three-cent
fare agitation has been at fever-heat in
this city lor several months past, and re
sulted in a law being passed by the last
Legislature providing or three-cent fares.
The suit is brought by the Central Trust
Company of New York, trustee .for. the
bonds. Ittis-ks an injunction against the
street railroad company to prevent it in
any way observing the law; against the
city for attempting to enforce it, and
against the Prosecuting Attorney for
prosecuting violators of.it. The. suit in
the regular course would go into effect in
a few days. ■
-4 I nrriumi Sc*p»qrace.
MACON, Mo., April 9— A stranger
called on Sol Adkins of Callao, Monday,
introduced himself as bis nephew from
Kentucky, and made himself solid with
his "Uncle" for several days. This morn
ing he decamped with valuables and a
large sum of money. H • left an affec
tionate note for his "Uncle," saying thru
he hoped to niset him where the "wickeii
cease from troubling and the weary are at
rest."
Wnrd McAllister Creation J>l««otre«.
NEW YORK, K. V., April 9. -The So
ciety of Patriarchs, founded by Ward Mc-
Allister, was dissolved to-day by mutual
consent of the members. For twenty five
years tbe society has been the swelled
dancing organization ol the city, its an
nual balls oeine the gayest functions in
society.
From lndi{/e*cy to Afflunnc.
SPRINGFIED, 111., Aprii 9.— Arthur
Quinn of this city, wlao is nt present an
inmate of the poor farm at Bloomtn^ton,
is heir to a fortune of $20,000 riy the death
of his brother, Frank Qiinn of Philadel
phia, live years ago, and the latter's wi.e
Who died recently i:i Pennsylvania.
noru jtvo >. i i> iv m: shot.
Arre.tl and Confute inn of Two Mexican
Train- Wrrc'trr*
BAN LUIS POTOSI. Mj:x., April 9.—
Two Mexicans have been arrested for
wrecking the Mexican Central passenger
train a few days ago, in which two were
killed and several injured. Both will be
shot. They have confessed.
/'«•>•!/ >u>|>"»if<* Ittlrer Coinajr.
LIMA, Peru. April 9.— The Peruvian
Government has ordered the suspension
of silver coinage at i:s mint and prohib
ited iis importation after May 10.
NEW TO-DAT. ■'• " _ _
New )
Way
To Save Money
i ■ Birr.-
Crockery and Cliinaware
at
Great AmeilcaHlmportlnaTea CflL
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2308 Fillmore St.
617 Kearay st. 300 i Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery aye.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway • E.OAKLAND.
131 San Pablo aye. . 616 E. Twelfth st.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
OPERATING 100 STORES—
That's why we
. . sell so cheap.
GOOD REASON.
f\£3^9 CANCERS
■"^^/fll mil KG KNIFE! OR PAIN!
CMg«BBBSEfiSr *Ho Pa^ ti ll Cured ! ! •
RaStalSßjff 60 page book free
iffffaMJß 6Bfe»v with home testimonials
j^f&Sgk °* man >' Wonderful
. I Cures. Most common
W[l ■ - y^_Jf M I places, woman's breast
*bd&£a^^ '^vStw and man's face and lip.
S.R.CHAMLEY.M.D., 719 Market St., S. F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ".
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE, XX THE BTATE OF WIS.
cousin, on tne 31m day of December, A. D.
i 1896, »nd for the year ending on that day. maao
I to the Insurance Commissioner of th« State of
I California, pursuant co the requirements of sec-
| tion 613 of the Political Code of said SUM.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up /
. in Cash f
A » SKIS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
• the Company 814.791 89 .
Amount of Loam secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real I- slate 69,871974 65
Premium note< and loans in any
form taken in paymeut of i re-
Blljimg on policies new in force.. 386,394
Ca»h uiaricet value of all Stocks
- - and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany ...: 14,613,770 96
Amount of Cash un hand In Com-
pany's oillce 126,840 72 )
Amount, of ■ Cash deposited In /
Banks 1,794.443 38 I
Interest dv» and accrued.. ..... 1,631,851 44/
Kw.::s line and accrued , f,165 HO
' Nfrt nmonni of i n-miiiinn In pro-
• ceqp of collection, and of deferred
prem.uins' ...... 1,507,146 39 -
Cußb loans i-. uollcv-hoiuenon this ■ '■-„ ■-■-:■
I ■ Company's lo.ick'a »!s:/n-il AS -
I co.im.eral .....:..■"„„.........■..... 3,817,235 00
Total Assets fM.SSB.9OB 74
LIABILITIES.
I Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
! p*ld., $75 570 M)
j Claims for death. losses and ma-
| tured rniowmems in process of
adjustment! or adjusted but not
due 184,856 00
i Claim* r#-.l«tf<t b ,■ the Company... U!J,70(1 90
Net present value on all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined Experi-
ence 'Job of Mortality, with .
four per cent Interest..... 72,601,674 00/
Amount of Ml unpaid dividends to . 9
policy-holders ' 102,170 00
Present value of amounts not yet
dne on matured installment poli-
cies „ 86,276 47
All other demands against the
Compnny ; 49.319 OS
Total Liabilities ...»73 122,590 00
INCOME. '
i'asa received for premiums on ''
new policies during the year .. $1,771,950 53
Cash received for renewal or pre-
miums during the year.... 13,479,473 49
Cash recei v.-d for sale of annuities. 11,750 '.'0
Cash received for Interes 4,182. 70iJ S'J
Cash received for rents ■ I'«!4,&UJ 99
Cash received from all other
sources 19,140 87
Total Income , 918,589,828 49
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,058,670 74
Cash paid to annuitants 3.088 28
Paid for orrKndereJ poiloi-s 880.i6a IS
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
ers 1,372.627 61
Premium notes voided by lapse.... 10.^81 68
Commissions paid to agents ... 1,691,335 74
batarian and o.her compensation, of
ofllci rj and employes, except
agents And medical examiners... 316.739 48
Medical examiners' tees and sal-
aries 119,198 7H
Cash paid lor taxes i31.47.-> 07
Cash paid torrents ; 33,0b 0 00
ca-sh vald tor commuting commis-
sions : ; ' 28,209 85
All other cash payments . 49i,29tf 0J
Toial Expenditures during the - -
year 140,783 43
PREBIIUM-NOTJE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and ' ■'. \.- '
other premium ob-
lUaiiOQß at begin-
ning of the year... 5428, 301 84
Premium notes and
. oilier premium ob- - • . .
llga'.lons received
during the year 87,724 35—
Total 83015,038 19
-Deductions during the year as :
follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium ob- /:.?-»/. ■
. llgatlous ujed in
pavmeut of losses
and claims $19,435 44
Amount of notes and
other premium ob-
ligations us-.i iv
pur^iaseof surren-
aered policies 7,356 76
Amount of note* and '
other premium ob-
licatlons used in
payment of divi-
dend* to policy-
holders 86,902 71
Amount of notes aid ■ ' •■ •
other premium ob-
ligations voided by
lapse of po.l ies jo 881 68
Amount of notes and ■■
other premium ob-
ilcatlons redeemed
by maker iv cai.i... 25 058 57—
lotal reauc ion of tremium-
. Note Acc0unt...............; 119,632 19
Balance, no • assets lit end of : ' - ■
tUeyear ;...;.. $33639403
K. I. PALMER, piosident
- . J. W. SKINXEK, Secretary.
Of^JlteSES !807. worn C ° be ' Or 6 me thl3 3d iV
P. «. BANBORS, Notary Public.
CLARENCE~M. SMITH,
tiENKBAt AGENT,
Rooms 110, 112, 114, Pbelan Building,
Ban Fntnclicu, Cal. ■ ■ ■
aim of OPIUM
*>«• pure ewentlal extract from the natt»e drnt Coo-
without 'ta noxioun elements. No sickness rf *ton
without Jts noxious elements. R No sickness cfMonuirht
ao Tomlt.nc ; no costlreneai ; no headaefaeTAU Urug^ *FORTY THOUSAND
NEED SHELTER
Greenville Citizens Appeal
to the Government
for Aid.
Much Money Needed at 0 c to
Feed the People of Oae
County.
From All Sections of the Flooded
Territory Come Stories of
Disaster and Distress.
GREENVILLE. Miss., Anril 9 —The
citizens of tuis city have appealed to the
Government to feed and shelter 40,000
jeople in this county. For this purpose
they ask $125,000 for their use during the
next thirty days.
COLUMBUS, Ky., April 9.— This morn
ing a rescue- boat landed nlteen homeless
families. Another party of thirty on a
raft refused to come ashore, making for
another landing.
The clumsy craft got caught under a
falling tree, instantly killing three voy
agers and sweeping others overboard. A
child and two women were drowned.
NEW ORLEANS. April 9.— During the
norm last night ail the citizens were
cMlleJ out for fillint; the caves of the
crumbling levee at Belle Helene. Early
this morning one selfish citizen on re
fusing rilling from his premises for tne
bulwarks was mobbed by tne Infuriated
ueople and his home destroyed.
* ST. PAUL, Minn., April 9.— A Mellen
(S. D.) special says: The surrounding
country is flooded. The railroad? are
w.ished out and there have been no mails
for two week^. The James River has
risen seven feet higher than ever before,
anl in a mile wide. It washed out three
large iron bridges in the county. Large
numbers of livestocK have perished. All
the farm dwellings on the river bottom
have b»en swept away.
CAIRO, 111.. April 9.— The streets of
Cairo are flooded. The heavy rains of the
ia>t twenty-four hours have raised the
seep water until it nrst filled the gutters
and the downtown business streets. It
overflowed the sidewalks and finally cov
ered the floor* of several business houses
and is still rising. For the last six or
A Side Journey Through the Louisiana Woods During the Big
Freshet.
seven weeks the stores have been closed
on account of the hish water. The water
covers the sidewalks on both 8 dcs of
Etehth street, lower Commercial and
Washington avenues.
The pavement all around the custom
house is several inches deep in the water.
The Cairo electrical street-railway tracks
are under water on Walnut street. The
city has purchased a powerful pump to
drain the town.
It has a capacity of 1,000,000 gallons an
hour. It arrived today, but cannot be
•et running for several days. Until then
no relief can be obtained, as the river
must fall eight feet before the sswers can
be opened.
WINNERS AT STOCKTON.
Additional Awards Made at the Kennel
Club's Show — Coursing in the
Pan/ ion.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 9.— There wae
an increased attendance on 'the third
night of the bench show of the Stockton
Kennel Club, the main attraction being
the coursing match, in which fourteen
greyhounds contested. Farran's Gypsy
Queen won the first prize, K. Fisher's
Blue the second, and the third was
divided between Rattler ami Skippe-.
owned by Fitzgerald. The course was 100
yards in length, and the dummy hare was
mounted on runners and attached by a
string to an inverted bicycle as mot. re
power.
The following additional awards were
made this aitornoon :
Mastiffs-Best, M. D. Garretfs Bess: best pup
in fan Joaquin County and best entered by
laoy, I.ouis liotirmwui's Chauncey.
St. Berimrds— Best roueh-eoated dog, A. M. i
Taylor ■ Roxle Savage Taylor; best rough- |
coated bitch, HuniV.oMt kennel's Florence; j
best bitch, same; l>estin tan Joaquin County, !
August M neuter's Quet-ti of Han Joaquin ; beat \
pup, Joseph Mnll'i Oscar II; best in show,
Thomas Browne's Champion Grand Master.
Hloodhounds— Best, ML Shasta kennei'i
Buckshot 11.
Great ftinev- Best In Sen Joanuin County,
Mr*. Van R»nneMelaer Hopkins' Jack; best,
Mr*. Alfred Koucovieri's Juan
Newiound.ands-Best, C. V. Saiix's Carlo.
i.r yhoun<n— liest, E. L. Portal's Laurel
Wood Ji; best in £an Joaquin County. W.
Deegan's Stella D.
Pointers— Best, J. E. Keifer'g BaMy; best
bitch, \\. L. rhme's I\mi Oroxteth: best
puppy, K. L. Owen's Glenbeigh 111
Fox bound:-— Best. W. L. Prather's Sport
Engllsu betters— Best, H. T. Payne's Queen of
Counts; best In Han Joaquin County, Dan
Lorigan's Sprad; best bi'ch. in county \V T
Keys' Queen Ben.
Irish setters— Best, Ethel G." Crelgh's Queen
of Kildare.
Gordon setters— J. W. and 11. W. O'Rea's
Dickie.
spaniels of all kinds— Be«t dog, Echo
Cocker kennel's Bronta; best bla< k, same;
! esi other than black, John Donk's Roynl
Dandy; best Cocker pup. C. Leonard's Mei;
fles; best novire, R. P. Lane's Jack L; best
any color, John Doak's Royal D*tidy.
Fox terrier;-— Best, J. B. Martin's Golden
Kiash; best entered by lady. Mr«. E. M. Simp
bon's Goiden Restless nest pup in county.
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powdbk produces a soft and beautiful akin;
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.
GREENVILLE, MISS., Which Is Reported to Have Eeen Partly
Submerged by the Waters of the Great River. This Picture
Is Reproduced From a Photograph Taken Eight Days Ago.
John F. Heffernan's Midlight; best dog pup,
same; best pup, Mrs. E. M. Simpson's Golden
Beatles*.
Irish water spaniels— Best, If. M. Williams'
Norm a W.
Bulldogs — Best. T. Knowles' Commissioner.
Bull terriers— Best, E. R. Folcer's Fly.
Boston terriers— Mrs. M. E. Welsh's Topsy.
Dachshunds— Besi,W. 11. Andersou'sQuecn.
Beagles— Best, .John Doak's Roy F.
Irish terriers— Best, John Doak Doctor K.
Yorkshire ' terriers — Best, E. Attridce's
Joker XL
Japanese terriers — Best, May Hume's Wang.
Pugs— Best, Mrs. O. B. Hu«kin's Judy 11.
Miscellaneous— Best. R. C. I'ierson's Dandy.
Collies — Best in county, Oscar B. Grove's
Eric.
Retrievers— in county and best in show,
George Ditz' Rube.
Field spaniels— Best other than black, F. C.
GUI rd's Rex G ; best. M. E. Church's Fowler.
Poodles— Best, George Newhall's Francette.
Best kennels— Prather (3) first, Virona ken
nels (3) second, Albie (3) third.
Handlers' prize of $30— Divided by George
AllenderHnd E. W. Edwards.
Best kennel gets goid medal and other win
ners here given awarded silver medals.
field Dny for Fresno tiportt.
FRESNO, Cal., April 9.— Sunday will
be a field day for the local sporting world.
In the forenoon there will be a shotgun
rabbit drive near McMuliin, sixteen mi es
west of this city. A. large area of territory
thickly infested with the pest will be
covered. The drivers will be armed with
shotguns and will shoot the rabbits, and
those that are not killed will be driven
into a corral ana ttiere dispatched. In
the afternoon there will b« a match blue
rock shoot at the range near Pollasky
depot between teams from the Merced
and Fresno gun clubs. At the bicycle
race track the coursing matches will take
place in tne afternoon.
hOAI) Jit-COKU JtULLiSTXX.
Several Snn Franciscan* Who JETaee
Earnrd Mttincllon.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., April 9.—Chair
man W. i. Krietenstain of the road rec
ords committee, Century Road Club of
America, has issued the following bulletin
of road records allowed:
George E. IMxon and Charles Kraft, San
Francisco, five miles, 10:22, September 17,
1890, American tandem.
Charies a. Kraft, San Frnncisco, twenty
miles, 52:51 1-5, July 17, 1896, California
State record.
Frank K. Blsrkmore. Clevelnnd, Genoa cen
tury course, 0:58, October 10, 1890, course
recorJ.
WUiiam Lockwood ana ]>roy Caulkins,
Cleveland. Genoa century course, 0:58, Octo
ber 10, 1896, tandem record.
(•r'.-orge B, Kaston and Ernest Willis, St. Louis-
Bonhomme century course, 0:50, October 8,
1890, tandem record.
W. li. Handy, Boston, and H. F. Mar
shall, Nashua, N. 11., hare been awarded
meritorious ride medals for meritorious
riding October i, 18%.
UFE IN GUATEMALA.
Kansas Travelers Rnlate Amusing Inci-
dents of Their Tr:p to the Central
American Republic.
WICHITA, Kas., April 9— F. B. Garce
lon, the C'ohvich banker, and John Muhan
of this city have returned from Guatemala,
to which country they went some three or
four months ago. They sailed from New
Orleans for L vingston, Guatemala, end
were five days crossing the gulf, a portion
of which time was occupied in skirting the
Yucatan coast to what is known as the
Yucatan channel to Belize, British Hon
duras.
They describe the town clock at Living
! ston as one of tbe greatest curiosiiies seen
on their trip. It consists of a piece of
railroad iro:> suspended in the air, and
the time of day or nijrnt is struck upon it
by a policeman detailed tor that purpose.
Tbis time-striker uses a bludgeon to make
the iron resound, and what was more
ludicrous still to the travelers was the
fact that tiie time-striker seemed to mark
his hours just whenever he happened to
think of it. For instance, if he should
become engrossed in a same of card* he
might forget all about the "clock" and let
I it "run" an hour and a half between
strikes.
The natives use a long runnintr vine,
wind it around some hoor*. plaster it
I with clay and make a hands >me vessel,
; which is carried upon the beads or women.
j . The travelers brought back many curi
ous siiver coins, ranging in vaiue from 3^a
up to lO^ctnts. Paper money is called
i '"monkey" money and siiver money is
! c.iHed ":in" money by the natives.
I Everybody in that country must pay his
I debts. A man mieht as well be accused
j of murder as dodging a debt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
GOES TO ARREST
LAWYER MORGAN
Mendocino's Sheriff Leaves
Ukiah in Quest of the
Fugitive.
Bears a Warrant Chareing Him
With the Crime of Felony
Einb zzlement.
The Man Alleged to Have Levied Black
mail on Capitalist Alsip Will
Be Prosecued.
UKIAH, Cal., April 9.— Sheriff J. R.
Jonnson and Deputy J. L. Johnson left this
morning for tbe vicinity of Orrs Hot
Springs to arrest E. M. Morgan, the San
Francisco attorney who is accused of
naving levied blackmail on Capitaliai
Edwin K. Alsio of Sacramento.
It has been known by tho local authori
ties that Morgan was in tbi3 vicinity, as
published in The Call when his where
abouts were first ascertained. At that
time no attempt was made to arrest him,
but last evening a telegram was received
by the Slienff from Captain of Police I.
W. Lees of San Francisco, asking that
Morgan be arrested at once, and stating
further that a warrant for felony embezzle
ment was out for his arrest. It was acting
on these instructions that Sherift John
son and his deputy left to mate the arrest.
Morgan was la*t heard of near Charlei
Perkins* tie camp, some distance north
west of Orrs Hot Springs, and at a point
about thirty miles from Ufciab, where in
one of the most secluded spots in the red
woods he was engaged in erecting a cabin
for himself. He arrived at Orrs Springs
on March 17, and remained therefor some
time under the name of McNamer, it is
suid. Wlicn his whereabouts was ascer
tained by the author. ties he suddenly dis
appeared, but a short time ago he was
agaiu discovered.
CURIOUS INDIAN LEGENDS.
Missionar.es Tell Quaint Slor/es of How
Certain Tribes Account for the
Moon's Changes.
WICHITA, Kans, April 9.— Many
curious Indian legends are being brought
to light by the missionaries who labor
among the various tribes of the Indian
Territory. The natural phenomena.whicb,
on account of their utter ignorance, they
are unable to assign to appropriate cau*e«,
arc made the groundwork of some of the
prettiest and most ingenious legends that
have been evolved in civilization's twi
light, and a wealtn of new material awaits
the labor of those who delight to delve in
legendary lore.
The latest acquisition is the account re
cently given by a Cheyenne Indian chief
of the Indian explanation of the changes
of the moon. Ho said that tne Indians
have from time immemorial believed that
every time a new moon appeared it was
the signal for all the mice in the whole
world to gather themselves together in
one central spot. The meeting took place
at night, and the whole lace of the coun
try was blackened because of the limit
less numbers of the little rodents.
When they assembled four captains were
chosen, ami the captains separated them
into four great armies of equal numbers.
At a given signal each captain led his
urmy a different way. One army went to
the north, another' to the south, a third
to the east and a fourth to the west.
These vast armies of mice trareled until
they reached the point where, from the
place ol starting, "the heavens seemed to
touch the earth. Ihen they climbed up
the sky until they came to the moon,
which by th:s time was what we call full.
All of the four armies then commenced
nibbling at Luna. Slowly but surely the
great hosts nibl'ied away a large portion
of the moon. When at last ttiey had
eaten her all up the mice would scamper
hack down the heavens to the earth and
wait for Luna to show herself again, when
the journey and the nibbling would be re
peated.
This is what the Indiana of early days
believed was the cause of the moon grow
ing old and finally disappearing.
LEADER BAILEY ON PROTECTION.
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 9.— Bailey of Texas, the Demo
cratic leader of the House of Representatives, says so far as his party
is concerned no effort will be made to goad Reed into appointing commit
tees, thus opening the way for general legislation. He said: "Our
position has been that whenever the Republican party legislates the
country suffers. The Republican party has undertaken to demonstrate
to the country that the method of restoring prosperity is to pass a pro
tective tariff law. As the country gave the commission to the Repub
licans last fall to put the remedy into operation, the Democrats feel the
people should have an opportunity to test the matter at the earliest op
portunity. Therefore we favor the speedy passage of the tariff Dill as
the surest means of securing a return to power."
DENNIS JORDAN'S
CLAIM IS PAID
The Contractor Who Built
Folsom Prison Finally
Recompensed.
Amount of Coin in the State
Treasury Decreased by
$63,563 66
G !den Sequel to tbe Locg and Bitter
Contest in Legislature and
Courts.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April 9.— After
being successfully piloted past tbe reefs
and through tbe shoals of six stormy ses
sions of the Legislature, only to meet dis
aster at the hands of various Governor? of
the State, the now famous Jordan bill ar
rived safely in port, and this afternoon
the event was celebrated with the musical
chink of $20 cold pieces as State Treasurer
Radcliffe's deputies deftly slid $03,563 60
into canvass receptacles and passed them
over into the grasp of the hungry crowd of
attorneys, who had gathered like buzzards
around a worn-out horse which bad
dropped by the highway, to fight and
quibble over the spoil. The Jordan bill
has boen paid, and never more will its
merits and demerits echo through the
halls of the State Legislature.
The history of ths claim is interesting.
Prior to the passage by tho late Legis
lature of the bill appropriating money to
it, Thomas R. Hnyncs, assignee in the
insolvency case of Dennis Jordan, brought
suit to recover certain amounts alleged to
be due former creditors ana served in
junction papers upon the State Controller
and Treasurer to prevent payment of the
money. After the bill passed State Con
troller Colgan refused to draw the war
rant on account of tbeie injunction pro
ceedings.
On the 2-1 of April Jordan applied for a
writ of mandate in the Superior Court ol
Sacramento County and an alternative
writ was issued lo Controller Colgan com
manding him to draw hla warrant or
show cause on tbe 9th day of April why he
refused. Yesterday another obstacle
cropped up in the form of a suit for $1500,
brought in San Francisco by Abner Doble,
a former creditor, and another restraining
order wa« issued and directed to the Con
troller, ccinui»ndiug him not to dra^ the
warrant in favor of Jordan uatil further
order of the court.
The suit instituted by Haynea against
Jordan was dismissed and the restraining
j order dissolved, so when the man-
I damus proceeding came up in the Supe
j rior Court in this city to-day Jordan's at
torneys insisted thai a 'peremptory writ
i should be issued, because all injunction
j proceedings instituted against tue Con
\ trolier prior to the issuance ot the alterna
tive writ of mandate bad been dissolved.
j Deputy Attorney-General C. N. Post, rep
| resenting the Controller, demurred, con-
I tending that tbe injunction served in the
; suit of Doble vs. Jordan was binding on
the Controller and was a sufficient an
\ swer to Jordan's petition fora peremptory
' writ, which he contended tne Superior
i Court in consequence had no righi to
issue.
A recess was taken and Jordan's attor
neys communicated with San Francisco
and obtained a settlement and dismissal
in the Doble suit. Thereupon a peremp
tory writ of mandate was granted by
Judce Hughes and served upon the Con
troller, and the long and bard ii/ht for
tbe Jordan claim ended with the ls^uinc
oi warrants an<i payment by the State.
The claim of Dennis Jordan against tbe
Ktate waa for extra work done on the State
I'rißon at Fohom at the time thai institu
tion waa in course of erection. Jordan
had taken a contract to erect the building.
but was somewhat hampered by lack of
funds and eveutually was frozen out. Ths
claim was based on the fsct tiici be had
put in extra stone, labor, etc., for which
he had never been remunerated by the
State, although the latter had beeu di
rectly benefited thereby.
finigan it in Uariu't Jail.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 9 — Yet
another (ley has parsed and Colonel Peter
A. Fimgan, the millionaire mine-owner,
has not paid to his wife the $750 ordered
by Judge Angelotti, and is siui occuiy
ing a ce:l in the County Jail in the base
ruent of Mann's Courthouse. The colonel
h..s visitors and is making tbe best oi a
bad bargain. He refuses to pay the money
and reiterates that he never will.
The latnalpaii Attiore at Saumlitn.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 9. — The
steamer Tumalpais has been run upen the
beach at New Sausalho. The steamer is
ihe property of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad, and hn-< b*ea at anchor in Rich
ardaona Bay, off Sausalito, during tbe
winter. This week the steamer began to
till wilh water and wus quite low when
the work of pumping it out began.
I'rtnltimn't J'rugrttmive Women.
PETALUMA, Cal., April 0. — The
Ladies' Improvement Club is still iioini:
effective work, ana has been further en
couraged in the undertaking of the i<ark
improvements by the donation from Mrs.
Burdell of fifty handsome palms. An
other theatrical entertainment is being
diligently rehearsed, from which the
ladies hope to realize a handsome sum.
Taeoma't Dig Shingle Mill.
TACOMA, Wash., April 9.— The Sather
Banking Compai.y ot San Francisco has
leased the Pacific Mill property here to
Metcalf & Wade, local shingle dealers,
who are audiug machinery that will make
it the largest ?hingie mill in the world.
Beginning May 1, it will turn out 600,000
shingles per day, to be shipped to the
Eastern market.
bwtflm iteath at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 9.— John
Dawson, an old-time resident of Sacra
mento and a painter by trade, dropped
dead at Fiiteenth and Q streets to-day.
Years ago Dawson was a respectable
property-owner, but at the death of his
wife he seemingly lost ail ambition, be*
came dissipated and went down the social
•cale with a rush. Of late ho had repeat
edly figured in the police courts.
NEW TO-DAY.
X —^FOR^ — |
I CLOTHING BUYERS!
x x
ITU'S ' HUB!
! Are Now Slaughtering Their I
♦ Of Men's and Boys' Fine Clothing, Hats and Furnish- $
f ing Goods, at their TEMPORARY QUARTERS, at ?
J about 50 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR. This is a great $
$ ■ chance to secure the Best of Men's and Boys' Wear- %
% ing Apparel at VERY LITTLE COST! %
& t 4 s
fh ■ 1 : : - . ffa
* Men's $12. jo Nobby Late Style Business Suits — &c: RA ♦
$ . Have Been Cut to OT.3U *
* Men's $15.00 Fine Imported Dress Suits — <£Q JZ(\ %
* Have Been Cut to vs^«^W 1
■jit? Children's $4.00 Wool 2-Piece Suits — *fr| af 4?
f Have Been Cut to V»*2Kp 4*
* Boys' $7.00 Long Pants Suits, ages 13 to 19 — $fcq_ *yET 9*.
I Have Been Cut to M>^« *3 $
% Men's $4.00 Neat Cassimere Pants— -^| ok $
4? Have Been Cut to Jbl."s ? |j
4» — •
! «~ STORES OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11 O'CLOCK, |
tf* ■ zzzzzz=zzzz=izziz=ziz=zzzz=zzzz=zziizz: ifi
$f? ________,_»____,«,_,._»«_____»-, -«---_-----_---_•_»-_-_-«-. -—»___. ' <&•
4* |i — v. — -- — . }; i 4*
I DISPENSERS OF FINE CLOTHING, S
O DISPENSERS OF FINE CLOTHING, S
TEMPORARY QUARTERS, |
I 222 AND 224 SUTTER STREET, |
X Three Doors West of Kearny. X
LIGHTSHIP FOR POINT BO HIT A.
/pprcpriaiion by the Lost Congress for a
Vessel to Take the Place of the
Old Whistling Buoy,
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 9. — The
United States Government is building a
lightship to take the place of a whistling
buoy off Point Bomta, on the Marin
coast. The vessel is being built at Port
land, Or., and will be one of the largest of
Us kind on the Pacilic Coasi. The appro
priation for building the 7cssel was made
by the last Conpress.
The frames of the new vessel wil! be of
steel, with plate keel, bilge strake and
sheer strake ail of steel. Tnere will be
wood planking from the keel up to the
sheer line of the main deck and steel
plate from the sheer line to the spar
deck. Oregon pine and while oak will be
used on the vessel. The sheathing will be
of copper or yellow metal.
The fog signal machinery will consist ol
a Crosby chime, twelve inches diameter
of bell, and operated by a horizontal non
condensing steam-engine with a five-inch
diameter cylinder and six-inch stroke.
There will also be an improved electrie
lifcht plant and n Baird distillery ap-
Daratus with ail nece?sary connections.
The dimensions of the vessel an; as fol
lows: Length, 112 feet; molded breadth.
28 feet G inches; depth of hold, 22 feet 2}£
inches; displacement, 589.5 tons; draft, 13
feet.
There will be a complete punming sys
tem, which will consist of one double
acting, thst-class stentn pump, one steam
feed punu>, duiltx patent, and one feed
and one air pump so arranged as to oper
ate the ondenser.
Sayn. < oi/u'y Hm Wiipmunt*.
ST. HELENA, Cal.. April 9.— Of lata
Napa County has str.pped a great many
The fac-almilo y^ ' , _fZf<?t • ■p^ ** on evei 7 wrapper
signature of _ Wuz&fffi&&£tf£ of C ASTORIA.
carloads of wine East and even to Euro
pean points. The excellence of the prod
uct is becoming noted both at home and
abroad. On Saturday A. Forni shipped a
carioad of dry wines to Vermont. To-day
R. Hoehn of Larkmead shipped an en
tire cnrload ot dry wines to Switzerland.
The Naua growers are now branchinc
out, and are saving to themselves th*
profits of wine-brokers. The wine in
dustry of St. Helena is getting on a very
firm basis.
TIBUJiOX'S Vft.AH. IHtAW T.lillXi F.
Corinthian Taeht Club Apvealt to the
SUirSn County Supervitor:
TIBURON, Cal., April 9.— Among the
petitions presented to the Board of Super
visors of Marin County to-day was one
from the Corinthian Yacht Club, having
its headquarters at this place. The peti
tion, which was presanted over the signa
ture of E. B. Laihrop as secretary, calls
attention to the fact that the drawbridge
"panning the entrance to the lagoon at
Tiburon is badly out of repair, and in a
dangerously weak condition. The board
of directors of the yacht club states in the
petition that it will not be responsible for
any accident resulting from such a condi
tion, and will hold the county of Marin
liable for damages.
The Supervisors to-day appointed George
E. Ring one of the board to take action in
the matter, and the bridge will probably
be strengthened.
Tocomana Accused of Fraud.
TACOMA, Wash., April 9.— F. A. Elder
and Samuel B. Elder, real estate men of
this city, who live in the suburbs, in
School District 83, where they compose
two-thirds of the school directorate, were
arrested. to-day on a charge of receiving
and concealing certain bias for the erec
tion of the district schoolhouse and then
doing the work themselves at an exorbi
tant charge, approving their bills and
paying themselves for the work done
under the contract which they made with
themselves. They will have a hearine
next week. The third Diroctor, A. H.
Jackson, swore out the complaint.
Sncramen'o Honors Bur Dead.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., April !). — The
funeral of the late Edward Lyon, County
Treasurer, will take place Sunday after
noon, and will be attended by the Masonic
organizations, of which deceased was a
member. The flags of the Hall of Records
and County Courthouse have been rlyine
at half mast in honor of the memory of
the dead Treasurer.
Wedded on Santa Barbara Channel.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 9.—
Steve Raul, ag-ad 18, and Annie Bristow,
aged 17, were united in marriage on the
high seas in Santa Barbara Channel at
noon to-day. Captain Lurco, owner of a
fishing-smack, presided.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA TAKES
** away the surplus bile and leaves the liver
in perfect order. It is a true liver regulator.
JOT'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA CAN
y be used by old or young. Take it moder-
ately. Remember that moderation in every-
thing tends to longevity. .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINOTON BT3.— Rn.
modeled and renovated. . K 1 .\u, W Aim a COt
European plan. Kooms 500 to 91 50 per d»y, $i
to $8 per week, $8 to *3U per moacn: tre« taut;
not and . cold < wat«r every . room; din <ral*i 14
•very rooxuj elevaior cuiu auui^ki.
34
THE CITY OF ROSEBURG.
3y A.. C Marster3, Mayor.
ROSEBURG, Ob., April 7.— Roseburg,
the conn y seat of Douglas County, Ore
gon, is situated on the east bank of toe
South Umpqua River, at its confluence
with Deer Creek, six miles above its junc
tion with the North Fork. Rosebnrg is
nettled on a beautiful plateau, eloping
from a succession of tree-covered hills to
the rippling water o! the noisy Umpqua,
which winds its wav west of the city to
'Winchester Bay, some sixty miles distant.
From a business point of view Roseburg
is most advantageously located, occupy
ing a strategic point in the famed and
beautiful Umpqaa Valley, which extend:
from the Calapooia Mountains on the
north to Rogue River Range southward,
and sweeps from tb» anow-cappedCascades
in the east to the shores of the Pacific,
fanned in winter by tbe warm and soft
Chinook winds, and cooled in summer by
balmy tea breezes. It has one cf the most
equable and pleasant climates on the
Pacific Coatt, the thermometer seldom ,
above 80 in summer, and rarely falling
below 60 in winter.
The Dmpqoa Valley, though not so
large as some others, is one ol the most
fertile, possessing a deep, rich alluvia] ;
soil. Until recent years the farmers con- j
tented them elves chiefly in growing grain
.and raining stock; the amount of wool
was exceedingly large for the territory,
and commands "the best price of any pro- ,
duced in the Northwest.
The agricultural pursuits are now being
more diversified, and Irait culture is re
ceiving rr.ncri attention, as the large
plain, peach and pear orchards that ere
la.it coming into bearing give undisputed
testimony. he prune industry, which a
Some of the Stately Structures That Adorn the Streets of Roseburg, Or.
few years since consisted of only a few
acres in the valley, now covers several
thousand acres, the quality in size and
flavor are unexcelled anywhere in the
world, the yield per tree unequaled, and
in a very few years, when the young
prune orchards come fairly into bearing,
the amount produced will be enormous,
and require many hundred* of people to
gather and work the crop.
On th» south and east lie the principal
mineral belts, in which come rich gold
placer mines arc being worked. Many
millions of dollars in gold have been
washed from the rich gravel bars along
the Umpqua River and its tributaries in
the old crude way*, bat the march of im
provement and modern modes are swiftly
superseding and displacing the old. The
last year has witnessed the investment of
neveral hundred thousand dollars in
Improved methods ana the returns to the
promoters have in every instance been
most flattering and have by far exceeded
the most sanguine expectations in many
places, and the success attending has
placed many new companies with large
capital in the mining district.
Scarcely any attention has, until the
past year, been paid to quartz mining or
prospecting; small as has been the pros
pecting in quartz the results have, been
most oatisfactory. Free milling ore of a
very high grade has been developed in
many leads. Some are being thoroughly
prospected, among which is the Black Re
publican, located in the foothill!", eight
miles distant from Roseburg, owned by
Messrs. T. C. Flint, K. Rice and G. W.
Kimball. They began last spring pros
pecting their claim by sinking •halts,
wince which time they have run three tun
nels, one of which strikes the main led up
about £00 feet below the surface, and ex
poses a well-defined ledge with assays
running very high. They will in the near
future erect a mill to hanrtle the ore.
One small claim adjoining the Black
Republican has just been bonded for
$30,000, and work on it will be prosecuted
with vigor at once. Littlefield ik Day,
with Portland capital, huve purchased the
Olall-t placer mine?, twelve miles from
Roseburg. These mines have been known
to possess untold wealth in coarse gold,
but on recount of a scarcity of water the
former owner was unable to work the
claim except in very wet seasons Trie
Littlefield & Day Company is backed with
abundance of capital and has completed
a ditch of three miles in length and placed
two giants at work, erected a mill and a
number of other buildings, and will at
once extend its ditch about eight miles
farther and tap a large cieek which will
furnish abundance of water.-
Some twenty miles south are located
the lamons nickel Mines, which cover an
area of 2000 acres of hieh-graue ore. Ttiere
is at pre»ent aoout $40,000 worth of ma
chinery on the ground, and it is expected
the company will begin active work in
tbo early summer months. The supply
of ore is almost inexhaustible, and sev
eral hundred men will find employment
there. The Victor niir.e and several
others promise renewed activity, feeveral
copper mines are being opened 'ip which
prospect very rich and sive good promise
of bein^: actively worked.
Within a few miles both east and west
of Ro*ebur* fine bodies of coal bay« been
opened, some of which are worked and
hanled to this city by team and nstd for
fuei. The coal is of excellent quality.
Several of these mines are located on the
proposed line of the Roseburg and Coos
Bay Railroad. About one-naif of tne road
U completed and in operation and daily
trains ran between Myrtle Point and
Marthfield, tbs completion of which to
Rosebarg will place it within turee hour*'
run of Coos Jlay, one of :he best harbors
between Pan Francisco ar.d Paget Sound,
and gJT? it quicK and cheap transporta
tion to the market" of ?ne world.
The foothills and mountain slopes are
covered with a fine ana extensive growth
of fir, cetfar and sngar pine, a large por
tion of which is Government land and
itill subject to entry. In a few of the
more favorable places mills have been
erected and are at work shipping their
lumber to California points.
Ro«eburg is the distributing point and
reiitfr of DOstDWI for Douplass County.
Beside s the courthouse and county build
ings being located b*r<>. there is the
United £t*t«^ Land Office. This land
district embraces Linn, Lane, Douglas,
Coos, Carry. Jo*«phiae and Jackson cocn-
Uca, and is the most important in Oregon.
The United State* signal station, the only
one in Southern Oregon, is located here,
and posts daily bulletins of the weatbei
reports from the various stations orer the
coast
Trjft Orepon .Soldiers' Home, which is
rapported L>oth by the Htate an«l p'ederal
Government, i« Mtuate'J in the •
west of the Umpqus River, whicti is
spanned by a substantial . and costly
bridge. It Is the only State institution in
Southern Oref >n. No more c aivenient
and healtLful location could have been
selected.
Eoseburg la the end of a diriaion of the
Southern Pacific Railroad and the ter
minus of the Koseburg local, which leaves
for Portland every morning and arrives
Irom that city every evening. The repair
-J.o: a and roundhouse of the company are
located her*.-. Tbey employ altogether
ab">»it 150 men and disburse upward of
JIO.O/j per month.
The postoflice is a distributing cilice for
five mail routes which lead froa tlm
place. Roseburg has a complete system of
sewerage, a well-equipped water plant
which furnishes an abundant supply for
both private and public use and a well
trained fire department which renders
efficient services when the demands re
quire. Roseburg has a large ana commo
dious public Rotiool building, accom
modating some 703 pupils.
The Roseburg Academy, which is nicely
equipped, offers sp'en'lid inducements for
the pursuit of the higher branches of edu
cation.
Nearly every kind of trade and profes
sion is represented here. There are a
number ol large and extensive mercantile
I limns, among whom are Caro Bro*., who
have built themselves a large brick block
on one of the most valuable corners in the
city for their own use. They have a very
iarjre trade reaching into ail the mining
camps and adjoining towns and vil. ages.
Mrs. Joseph -on, who upon the death of
her husband took personal control of his
extensive mercantile and other bnair.ess
affairs, has proved an able and ellicient
business manager, extending her business
until she occupies two large brick build
ings on Jackson an i Washington street*,
and reaches far beyond the county limit-;
J for trade. Messrs. A. C. Masters <fe Co.
; are the leading druggists ; they have been
j in business here for the past live years,
! and enjoy a large and extensive trade.
KoseUurK is well supplied with hotels,
, having lour, the leadine and first class
I one of which is the McClellan House,
owned and conducted by Mrs. D. C. Mc-
CleiJan, who has had over twenty-five
yours* experience in the hotel business
and is popularly known throughout the
entire Northwest. Mrs. McClellan takes
special ca'e of the commercial trade, also
tourists stopping over to see the country
and travel down the beautiful Willamette
Valley by daytime.
The courthouse, a fine and large build
ing, coning many thousand! of dollars,
contains all of the county office*. It Is
one of the most commodious and con
venient houses of justice in the State. It
ii under the care of Judge A. F. Steams,
I one of the County Commissioners, a man
of good (justness ability and exceptional
legal qualifications.
The advantages offered at Roseburg and
vicinity to capitalists for sate dividend
paying investments are more plentiful
and diversilied than any other place in
the Northwest. Tha couutry here is as
yet undeveloped and all it needs to spring
into busy, bustling activity is a little more
capital, which is fast turning to this pro
litic field.
bwnmring Barred at Kandiburg.
1 RANDSBURO, Cal., April 9.— Henry
Stratnagen, a lodging-house keeper, was
to-day found- guilty of using ! profane
language on Broadway, and was fined
$23 80. . W;& + :'i '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
AT LIFE'S EBB SHE
SEEKS A DIVORCE
Catherine Underwood Asks
That Marriage Bonds
Be Severed.
Sbe Is Almost Seventy Years O.d,
and Her Husband Past
Eighty.
Domestic Troubles of Two Oid People
Whose Days on Earth Are
Numbered.
LOS ANGELES, Cau, April 9.—Cather
ine Underwood, aimost 70 years of age,
bent in form and leaning upon the arm of
her son, appeared in Judge Allen's court
to-day as plaintiff in a suit for divorce
against William Underwood, who is an
octogenarian. The case was not ready for
trial and it was continued.
The Underwoods were married at Man
chester, N. fl., on October 23, 1865. Four
children ara the fruits of the marriage —
John BL, aged 28; Charles, aged 2S; Kate,
aged 19, and Lizzie, as»ed 18.
I For several years prior to 1887 the Un
i derwoods had not lived happily together.
They had frequent dispute", and it i« said
the defendant wax inclined to be lazy as
well as quarrelsome. On September 20,
1887, he left the family residence and
never returned. Mm i ndenrood claims
the premises she occupie* in the Desnoyer
Tract, in this city, have been bomesteaded
by her.
The defendant will contest the suit. He
states in his crosg-complaiiit that his wife,
for a long time previous to his leaving
the bouse, was in the habit of ill treating
him. She had the habit, he says, of empty
ing slops on bi« head, and occasionally
varied her attentions by beating him with
sticks of stovewood and hitting him on
the head with the family shovel. One
night in September, 1887, she locked him
out and he had to seek shelter with a
neighbor. The defendant insists that he
is already divorced from the plaintiff, hav
ing obtained a decree in Washington
County, Ark., in iB6O.
iTnderwood claims that in November,
1883, he iiled a declaration of homestead
on lot 13. block A, Desnoyer Tract, and
that the properly belongs to himself and
Mrs. Underwood. He asks that it be sold
and the proceeds divided between them,
and that the decree be denied to the
plaintiff.
MAY RESENT A SLANDER.
j Judge Weiborn Makes an Important Rul.ng
Regarding the Rights of
he Prvss.
IX)S ANGELEB, Cat... April 9.-After
the opening of the United States Circuit
Court this forenoon, in the case of Rev.
j I. T. Johnson against the Fresno Repub
lican, Judge O^in Weiborn made an ini
| portant ruling on a motion by defendant's
! counsel yesterday for peremptory instruc
tion to tho jury to find for the defendant.
Tbe ground for the motion was that
plaintiffs counsel in their opening state
ment admitted the chief charge of the
newspaper against tbe evangelist, viz.:
that he lihil uttered Irom the pulpit in
Fresno in Mnrch of last year, on informa
tion supplied to him by a man whom be
I refused at the time to name, slanders
i against the young women of Fresno. This
I admission, it whs contended, forever
i barred plaintiff from any I«op3 of obtain
ing a judgment for damages in the prem
ise*, for the reason that the gist o> tae
whole case was covered by the said admis
sion; the plaintiff had made tbe allega
tion imputed to him and in the manner
described in the article complained of.
The denunciation of the alleged slander
was in the nature of a piivilego I publica
tion, and therefore the plaint. ff cou.d uot
recoTer.
Judge W«lborn took all of yesterday
afternoon to consider the matter, read the
coiaplaiut aud the newspaper's articles
and consult authorities. His ruling on
tbia point was in substance that in re
peating a slander, a person was as culpa
b!e a<t the individual wbo originated it,
tnd that its having been spoken from tbe
pulpit rather intensified than relieved the
speaker of his responsibility. The rres9
in the judcm^nt of tbe court, had the
right to publish over again and in its own
way that which wu before published
from the pulpit.
The conclusion is clear that, in Judge
Welbom's opinion, there Is a limit to the
■Bperaions o! private character by preach
ers of the gospel vbicb. if translated.
renders tbe individual subject to crfticum
and arraignment by the public press.
This count in tbe complaint was, there
fore, lor the rest of th« trial rendered nu
gatory by the rulinr, but in a subsequent
count therein, reference was made to
Johnson's hasty departure from Fresno
a::J tbe manner of his eoing; and the
Judge decideJ iaat on this point alone
the case snonla go th<t jury, and the trial
proceeded.
SACRILEGE ON THE STAGE.
Bishcp Montgomery Denounces Actress
Far.ny Davenport's Fiat " Gis
monda."
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 9.-Fanny
Davenport's "Gismoßda" at the Los Ange
les Theater has been denounced by Bisbop
Montgomery of this city as immoral, de
grading and an insult to the II man
Catholic cbmch. What Bishop Mont
gomery objects to is the alleged sacri
legious way in wbich sacred ceremonies
and officials of the Catbolic church are
made 10 serve as the background and set
ting of "liismonda." In the play are
priests, nuns, a convent end a cathedral,
and in the last act is pictured tue cere
monies of Palm Sunday, -where incense is
burned, palms wavea and masses chanted,
will all the fervor of a bcdy of religious
devotees.
This splendid ceremony is. however,
u«ed only to make the story of Gismonda's
amour stand out in strong contrast, and,
according to IJishop Montgomery, is a
profanation of sacred things, feaid jjiahop
Montgomery to-day:
"I consider it an outrage that such a
play should be presented to the general
public under the guise of dramatic enter
tainment. I have heard of Miss Daven
port's abilities as an actress, and had
credited her with better respect for sacred
things than her acting in this play seems
to indicate she possesses.
"Tne most sacred religious ceremony
that the Catholic Christian knows is that
of Palm Sunday mass. To introduce even
a portion of this into a play like "Gis
monda," which, as I understand ft, reeks
with the lasciviousness of an allesed
Catholic princess, b blasphemy, in my
opinion. Little better than that sort of
thing can be expected of bardou, though.
He seems to delipht in weaving a tale
which will broadly suggest unclean
things, with the Catholic church as a
background for the scenes of his plays."
OIL, BTBIKJC AT tULLKHTOX.
"'"'""/ Well on /.f.-i.i Utvned by the
Santa /■> Company.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. April 9.-Mana
<rer Nevin of the Santa Fe has made a big
find for his company. Quietly for several
weeks he has been boring at Fnllerton in
Orange County for oil on the company's
land. To-day he received a' telegram stat
ing that oil had been struck at a depth of
510 feet. The well is flowing at the rate of
fifty barrels a day. .•;-*« '.' s-T '■'-'-'■'
This discovery is expected to be the lore
runner of others, to r . Nevin believes that
an oil belt exists at Fullerton, and that at
least a dozen wells wiil soon be flowing on
the company's land there. If this is a
fact the Santa Fe will probably equip all
of its engines with oil burners. The com
pany recently shifted from oil!, to coal,
when the fluid sold at $1 65 a barrel. With
wells of its own it will be independent of
other producers, and will, it la believed,
dispense with coal entirely. '
I h.tCDI.I V I </.<;, j.t CASE.
Fourth Trial of lYe/»«, f Sandir* Called
in a J- res no Court.
FRESNO, Cal.. April 9.— The fourth
trial of Professor W. A- Sanders for forc
ing td a $1400 draft the name of William
Wootton, the Reedley rancher for wnose
disappearance over ttiree years ago
Sanders is supposed to have been re
sponsible, was called in Judge Webb's
department of the Superior Court yester
day. Owing io the absence of t c defend
ant's attorney, the case went over to Mon
day niornine. Sanders has had three
trials already. The juries disagreed at
two of them, and once he wns convicted,
but the Supreme Court granted a new
trial.
The facsimile /tf _s/&jt. 7** *• on ever 7 wrapper
signature of ; Qtk&jfTeUi&fe jof CASTOBIA. v
HERDS TO CROSS
ALASKAN WILDS
Pioneer Thorp Will Drive
Cattle to the Yukon
Country.
Has Found a Mountain Pass
That Man and Beast Can
Traverse.
Each Animal Will Sell for Five Hun
dred Dollars in the Circle
City Market.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 9— The rather
novel and somewdat stupendous feat of
delivering a herd of LOO beef cattle at Cir
cle City, on the Yukon, by July 1 is to be
undertaken by Willis TborD, the Alaska
pioneer. Of tbe success of the scheme
Thorp has no misgivings, and in this con
nection be believes he has solved the
problem of quicker and cheaper supply
delivery at tbe famed Yukon digging*
through the medium of packhorses.
From Cbilkat Tnorp found a new pass
through the mountain range oetween the
Yukon and the sea. It is one that can b«s
traveled by man or beast. T*ie discovery
was made last year through the kindly
offices of an old Indian guide.
Thorp took in thirty-eve head of cattle
last season and, while the undertaking
was successful from a financial standpoint,
it was. nevertheless, a hazardous one.
After crossing the mountain range the
cattle had to be placed on rafts and taken
down a chain of lakes. This time they
will travel by land from the ocean to the
Yukon, which will be reached first at a
point below Five Fingers. There the cat
tle will be rafted down the river to Circle
City.
Those cattle heretofore taken by Thorp
to Circle City brought $.500 each, a profit of
$'iOO a head. They sold for 50 cents a
pound undressed.
Thorp has already begun the purchase
of his cattie and he expects to ship them
from Seattle on May 15.
SAN JOSE ESTATE DISTRIBUTED.
State of California Inherits Gold and
Property Left bf Miser
D raves.
SAX JOSE, Cat.. April 9.— The estate of
Frank Draves, for which a claimant in
the person of Mrs. Mary J. Friend of
Pbcenix, Ariz., recently appeared, was to
day ordered distributed to the State by
Judge Hyland.
I 'raves was an old miser and died a cou
ple of years ago, leaving an estate valued
at ever $4000. No relatives of the de
ceased could be found. Two weeks ago
Mrs. Friend showed up and filed a peti
tion asking that the property be distrib
uted to her. She claimed to be a cousin
of the decedent and exhibited several let
ters alleged to have been written to her by.
Dravec. The letters were pronounced for
\ geries, and Mrs. Friend was- advised to
i dro.i her "case under threat of arrest for
perjury and forgery. . :.; .-,■: • .
The woman is simple-minded and it is
*b;lieved she was oeitic niada a catspaw
lor other persons. Mrs. Friend has dis
appeared, and to-day the petition for dis
tribution was dismissed by Judge Hyland.
MRS. LOHABIi GUHS FllEßi.
Justice Berrington. littmitmmm the t'er
jury C /in rye Againat Her.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— The charge
of perjury preferred against Mrs. Tem
pest Lownes by A. C. Deuoister was dis
missed by Justice Herrington at Santa
Clara this morning o.i motion of Deputy
District Attorney Beasley. Mr?. Lownes
was employed by Depoister in his restau
rant. A short time ago his creditors be
gan to press him for money, and in order
to save his horse and bug.y from attach
ment Depoister gave Mrs. Lownes a bill
of sate of the rig.
In the complaint Devoister claimed
Mrs. Lownes perjured herself by swearing
at the trial of a »uit brought against him
that the horse and Duggy belonged to her.
Mrs. Lownes, on the other, hand, claimed
she was given the horse and buggy in
j>art payment for her labor. A weefc ago
she sold the rig for $100. and on her re
fusal to divide the sura with him De
poister preferred the charge against her.
On this showing being maoe the ca«e was
dismissed.
living* Huit to foreclose.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 9.— The Hiberma
Savings Bank of San Francisco to-day
began suit in the Superior Court against
Mrs. Mary Murphy Colombet and P. J.
Colonibet, her husband, to foreclose a
mortgage on five pieces of real estate in
this city, given to secure a promissory note
of 183,000. The note was executed on
March 26, 1894, and bears interest at the
rale of B}£ per cent. TDere has been f 1000
paid on tne principal and interest paid up
to April 30. 1896. The property affected is
15^' acres on Grant street, a block in the
Reed addition, two lots on First street
and one lot on Filth.
h.U< II- *\ O t iiftt-trtl HHtt.
SAN JOKE, Cal., April 9.— Etta Klepfer
has commenced a suit for divorce from
Frederick Klepfer, on the ground of
extreme cruelty. They were murried at
Los Gatos on November 5, 1896, and went
to Oakland to live. Three months ago
they returned to Los Uatos. Their married
lite has been very unhappy, and in
February the plaintiff attempted to kill
herself by tukfng noison.
" Pinafore" at lo« tinton.
LOS GATOS, Cal., April 9.— "Pinafore"
will be presented bore the last of this
month by amateurs for the benefit of St.
Luke's Church fund for the erection of a
guild hall. Rehearsals have been going
on for some tims. Alfred Wilkie of San
Francisco will sinir the leading tenor role,
Ralph Rackstraw, «nd Mrs. Miles will sing
"Little Buttercup," a pnrt she hap sung
professionally in New York and Boston
with great success. Professor SpinK's ful!
orchestra will accompany the opera.
An School for Hoh* Valley.
ROSS VALLEY, Cal., April 9— The
election held here to-night to decide on
the question of issuing bonds in the sum
of $5009 for the erection of a school build
ing and furnishing it resulted in the de
feat of the proposition. Ihe reason as
signed is that the electors considered Uie
amount too great. Although the proposi
tion received a majority vote it did not
get the necessary two-thirds.
Snn Jta/atl CMmmm I) met
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 9.— John
Wheeler Baker, an old citizen of this place,
died here this week. From his habit of
working in every kind of weather without
wearing a hat be was called "the baJes-.
He leaves a widow and a family. He ..as
born in Maine, and was 66 years of age.
SAN BERNARDINO IRRIGATION.
How the Hand of Men Has Uciiztd
Nature's Advantages to Reclaim
the Soil.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. April 9 —
In Southern California water is kir.g just
as cotton was once monarch of the South
ern States. Up trie mountains north of
San Bernardino natnre has prepared ex
tensive watersheds and over tnese tne
rainfall and snowfall is in some years
enormous, while in the fertile valleys the
precipitation is very small in comparison.
To meet the demand for irrigation on the
lowlands the great Bear Vahey system of
irrigation was established far up in the
mountain! overlooking the city of Red
lands, with its famed orange grounds.
Immediately north of San Bernardino
natnre has provided watersheds, reser
voirs and dam -ites which inTite man to
complete an irrigation system that shall
not be excelled anywhere in t^ie wor.d.
To effect tiiis the Arrowhead Reservoir
Company was organized some years ago
and the hand of capital has slowiy but
aurely supplemented nature in transform
ing the mountain wilds into mighty
basins for the impounding of water. Tne
company is composed of Cincinaati cap
italists. Whi!« they are a corporation
they have issued no bonds and contract
no indebtedness.
To ascertain tne exact precipitation in
the region covered by tne watersheds the
company years ago established twenty-six
stations, wnere every rainfall and every
snowstorm is nofed and measured. Each
reservoir will be cleared of all vegetable
growth in oriier that the water may be
suitable for domestic use as well as for
irrigating purposes. Tne main part of
the work so far has been the driving of
tunnels from tne first to the second and
from the second to the third reservoir.
The tunnels go through solid roes ai.d
are large and perfect in their construc
tion.
All the watersheds and reservoir? are
on the farther side of the mountains, and,
of course, the water is wanted on this
side. A system of tunnels and canyons
condncts ice water tbrosgu the mountain!!
to the San Bernardino side. The point
where the water debouches from the
mountain is at a great elevation above
the valley. Here a mighty force will
generate electricity and supply power for
manufacturing an<i other purposes. The
water will be conveyed in ditches, flumes
and pipes to all parts of the valley and
even ax far as Pomona, Pasadena and Los
Angeles
During the present season the company
wiil enier upon the work of building the
dams and by tne year 1808 will doubtless
have completed the most perfect reservoir
system for irrigation in California.
LATE TRAINS FROM MAR IN.
President J. B. Stetson of the Nor.h Facfic
Coast Railroad Meets a Popu
lar Demand.
MILL VALLEY, Cal, April 9.— The
petitions extensively signed in various
towns in Marin County, notably Sansa
lito, Lark3pur, San Rafael and Mill Val
ley, have had their effect, and President
J. B. Stetson of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad has decided to yield to the popu
lar demand and give tne people on the
line of liis road an after-dianer train,
leaving San Raiael and Mill Valley in the
neighborhood of 10 o'ciocfc in the evening.
Foliowinp this announcement comes the
I information that the scenic road running
I between Mill Valley and tne summit of
Mount Tamalpais will run an evening
trem to connect with the after-dinner
■ train on the North Pacific Coast road.
This will afford tlie toun=t an opportunity
of seeing li»e snn set and moon'nse from
the topmo?t point of Tamalpass without
having to spend the night onthe summit.
The now time table, with its important i
changes, will go into effect the 25: h of this ;
month. The theater trips, ,'caving San !
Francisco at 11:30 Monday, Wednesday!
and Saturday nights, will be continued i
without cbanee.
The re«idi»ntß of Marin County bave
never before been given a trip leaving
their side ior the metropolis late in the
evening and tne North Pacific Coast road
will attempt the experiment this month
for the tir^t time. Toe petitions ajkinjj
for the !ate train, after being largely
signed, were presented to the president of
the Nortfc Pacific Coast road by tne prom
inent men of the various towns in person.
r. B. Latham, general passenger agent,
sail to-day that the board of directors
woul-1 take final action in the matter at
ifEW TO-DAY. ' I
For one reason
the neivous system 'g
of women' becomes Of* #1 fl Hi I? £* f*
impaired, and on Vl •"■^tllCl
account of what is termed ''female com- i
plaints," life becomes a burden. Many think '•
taat these pains and aches that wear women's I
life down with nervousness ana so rapidly j
age them must be endured. But tnis is |
not true. Headaches, sleeplessness, lack
of energy, nervous prostration, despond-
ency, weariness, neuralgia, are all dis-
■-k ||«| • polled, and nervous,
Iff* WSSIf I ** ailing women are re-
Lfl • IT! IIC^ stored tQ heaUh by
Sef Restorative Nervinp
address. ll *' l ▼■"C
■ DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, lnd.
STOCKTON
PEREMPTORY AUCTION
WITHOUT LIMIT OH IiESEKVE,
OF BLOCKS 33 AND 46 OF THE
Valley Railroad Terminal Tract.
11l THE CITY OF STOCKTOS.
This (Saturday) Evening, April 10,
AT 7 P. SI.,
By order of the heirs of Captain C. N. WEBER.
the founder of s.ockton. .
LOTS 25x100 AXD 25x150 FEET.
Ten minutes' walk from the business center and
close to the water iront, the mills an 1 factories.
• Trrin.i-9-.'O cash and $5 p-r month. Interest,
7 per cent on deferred payments. 7r- *™*^
Take a to Stockton and see for yourself th«
chances there are 10 make money by inventing In
Keul Estate In this thriving City. 8
Traveling expenses of purchasers remitted.
bend for descriptive
. ti. H. iMr,>i-:.\ & Co.,
• Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery street. San Francisco,
Or 1 18 Kagt Main Street. Stockton. '\ : -<
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHARLK3 H. fHILLIfi*. ATTOKNEY-AT.
Heir meet in Wednesday next' iv Ban
Francisco. %' '
mi. wo •■* iOU*O b a suit*.
3 he TouHtf"* Jlondlum Wounded by
Farmer Iliyl Tfill *-»*« at Arm.
FRESNO. Cal.. Apr.l —The five younjj
robbers who were rounded up a few day.
ago by the officers after having engaged in
a week's brigandage in holding up Chi
nese and- Japanese laborers in the coun
try bad their preliminary examination
to-day before Judge Anstin. They were
hei'l "to answer in $100). which was fur
nished by only one of tnem— L?o Brown.
Ed Hnlbert. who was shot in the arm
by Farmer Hays w en captured was re
moved to the County Hospital to-day,
where the limb will be amputated- The
people living in the southern part of the
dty where the homes of the youthful
prisoners are. are much elated over the
arrest of the hoodlums, as they have been
very annoying to the neighbors.
fremno Prisoner Want* a J'mrdon.
FRESNO. "Cau. April 9.— George Rn
pert, tt»e saloon-keeper who is confined in
the Chns Evans cell at the County Jaa
under sentence of six months' im
prisonment. impos*-i by Judge Austin,
for hitting a man on the head with a
hammer, is makine an energetic attempt
to procure a pardon from Governor Bndd.
The Executive has fixed next Monday as
the time for hearing the application.
District Attorney Snow will take vigorous
steps to resist it.
Do you know what the first and
surest signs of premature
DECAY
Are ? If you do you will be sure
that you allow none of them to get
even the very slightest bit of a
hold on you. You will get good
help as soon as ever you have tired
limbs, as soon as you no longer
sleep well, or you note a slight
failing of memory. You will get
something that has for thousands
of your nervous and puny brethren
done wonders. That great reme-
dio-treatment but for which homes
would be desolate to-day that are
bright and happy, asylums would
| be more thickly crowded, and many
hundreds would cease to love and
be loved. You would, in one word,
get and use
HUDYAN.
If you know nothing of what it
j has done, ask for printed proof of
| the fact that it stops all drains in a
i few days; ask for satisfactory tes-
timony that it has cured and made
j whole big, strong, virile men by
j the score, and you will find it all
free. Doctor's advice free, too!
The best !
The people praise "Hudyan" because
it has never yet failed, nen in severest
ca<r«. V.'hy should it not cure yon ?
Take time by the forelock. Write or
call to-day, and if you are suffering;
from blood-poisoning; of any kiml re-
lief is as sure as lieaveu itself.
Hudson Medical Institute
Mockt«a, Market and Ellis Sts.,
I *. : "" BAN FRAN CISCO, CAI.. ..r '. ?
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY ........;....APKII. 13. 1897;
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OUR SALESROOM 68S MARKET St.
Opposite Palace HoteL San Francisco. *'
Probate Sale Howard Street Improved
Property. ] ''
SB. line (Xos. 831, 833) Howard, 555 feet SW
from 1-ourth at— lmprovements, fvo residences of
L^ m .' bath and basement; lull renta 75 : HoW-
J!f. y^Q^f 1 "' 1 rock: B<%ld toclos * * n estate- lai J. '
P^rior Court?!! A.' d BUb * Ct toconfl ™««ot t «if2K '
Bn»h • Street Improved 'Property •
a line (Xos. 1617 and 1619) Bush at. -220 f M
«• of Franklln-Bush-st. front; 2 houses of s '
rooms, bath and basement: rear irontin^ Fern
aw.: a co.iages, 3 and 4 rooms; fu l rent •TO-
Prenldio Uei c hta.
SW. corner Sacramento and Walnut st<i.-Biir
. window building, comprl»ln 2 French aYi of ?
and 5 roonii: st .re and 4 rooms: full r.ni.Vfifi.
cement walk and bituminous pavement on Sacra-
men.os;.; Sacramento-st cable. * on *>■«»-
Residence Near Market Street
j N. line (No 438) of Klciey or 13th at 80 f'eer"
E. of Guerrero-House 6 rooms and bath- near
Castro aniJ Valencia st. cable; lot 25x100 Feet.
Twenty- Fourth-St. Improved Property.
North line (NO!. 3174 and 3176) of Twenty-
fourth St.. 92:8 f « east of Howard-lmprovel
mi-nts. two i.ay-wlndowed residences of 7 rooms
and hath eitcb; full rents *J8: large lot, 35:6x^5 '
. Fo1»om-Street Busin««n tot.
southeas: line of Folsom at., 125 feet southwest
of Oth-Lo; in fine business locatlo .:wl- n proper
Improvement* would pay well: electric and cab?
cars; street In basait rock; lot 25x95 Jeeu :
A.hbury Height* liealdence Lota. -
mar.ne ana inland view, all reidv to "uiw V^n''
beautitul locailon for a borne- sewar on " a.S^?'
a?F. aad X M. electric road: corner lot aafaK-'in'
side iou 25x95 ana ibx\.Q\i feet. 10t25 *95: in-
Van Ne»» Avenue Keaidence Lot
_ Be ' n * l Height. Home Lot..
Bennington-Street Home.
Co^'.d »'vi N< i ' 8) ° f Ben n«nKton st.; north of
KASTOX. KLimiixiK & CO '
I H Office * !eBroom . «38 Market st., opposite Pal«ooOLYMPICS
STUDENTS
OF TRICKS
Rules to Be Ignored in
Future Relay
Races.
BECAUSE OF THE LATE
CENTURY.
They Expect an Adverse Deci
sion on Their Pro
test
THE BAY CITY CYCLISTS NOT
ALARMED.
The Board of Governors to Take Up
k Both Sides of the Row This
Evening.
The bike-racers of the Olympic Club
have declared themselves.
True, the protest they filed with The
racing board against awarding the Varney
cup to the Bay City Wheelmen— the vic
tors in tbe recent annual century relay —
Is now entirely in the hands of tbe local
cycling authorities for adjudication, and
the trophy will go with their decision;
but the Olympic men say the row is not
going to stop there. They seem to antici
pate that the high moguls will, after
gently reprimanding the Bay City con
tingent for having exhibited in the race a
penchant for being a little tricky, finally
decide that that organization may retain
the cup and the championship. The
Oiympics express themselves as being even
a little doubtful about the reprimand.
It is on account of this feeling that
judgment will go against the protest that
ihe Olympic riders have determined upon
s new ultimatum. This is going to be to
the effect that if nnotlier relay takes place
next year every Olympic Club r.der will
be paced throughout the course, even
though the rules say this shall not be.
Tandems and triplets and even quads will
be used on every ten-mile stretch for the
purpose of sending the packet- bearer
through in record-breaking time, they
announce, and tney will defy the racing
authorities to stop them.
"We have engaged in just enough of
these relays to rind out that we have been
foolish in essaying to live up to the rules,"
said Frank Fuller, one of the leading
lights of the Olymt>ic Wheelmen, while
discussing the rumpus yesterday. "We
have always gone into these affairs to
/abide by t c regulations and determined
it i race strictly fair and square. But
yhere has been scarcely a time when some
other clvb — and I will be plain and say
i bat it was invariably the Bay City Wheel
men — did not resort to tricks and viola
tions ot the rules in order to win. We be
lieye that we have lost by being too fair,
and this was particularly the case in last
Sunday's race."
"The Olympic Wheelmen arenotsquea!
ing becau>e they didn't get tbe cup, but
are protesting because they do not con
sider they were beaten on the eqoar*.
They are positive that they have the best
team, and to prove it are willing to go
against the tfav City team any time in a
special race. I don't believe, however,
that we could drag them into another con
test. In a nutshell, our position is this:
If tricky racing is to be tolerated we are
not going to be placed in the position of
protesting and sauawking all tbe time,
but are going to resort to tricks ourselves.
It's a game that more than one club can
rlav at successfully. It's bad for tbe
sport, we wili admit, but we propose to
look out for our colors."
The Olympics' protest will in all
probability come up for a bearing
this evening at the meeting of the
board of governors of the Asso
ciated Cycling Clubs. The document is at
present in the hands of Chairman Adams
of the road-racing committee, but he will
doubtless present it to the board. There
has been some discussion as to whether
the committee or the governors should de
cide the vexatious question, but the wheel
men generally concede that tbe matter
properly belongs in the hands of the board.
The Olympic lads have practically de
cided not to lay «o much stress upon their
complaint regarding the conduct of the
Bay City men in the last relay — that is,
the alleged pacing of Kenna and tbe in
terference indulged in for his protection.
They assert that they have a better case
against the Bay Citvs in connection with
the ninth relay, allesing that they have
abundant proof that Krafts was paced for
J several miles by Vincent. This alleged
1 violation will constitute the real ground
for their request that the Bay City Wheel
men be not awarded the cup.
Lew Hunter, ex-c airman of the road
rac'ng committee and one of the foremost
members ol the Olympic Club, said yes
terday that if the Bay City men entered a
counter-protest to the effect that tbe
Olympics hail riders in the race who were
jiot bona-fide members they would find a
Bimilar charge placed against themselves.
The Bay City boys continue to make
light of the whole affair, and profess to
have no fear ns to the result They refrr
to the discontented Olympians as "sore
hends" and "squealer-," and say they can
easily disprove all of the charges ot un
fairness and trickery when they appear
before the governors.
WORK ON THE BALBOA.
Over Fourteen Thousand Cubic
Yards of Sand and Dirt
Moved.
Whrn the people who have so cheer
fully contributed 10 th- unemployed and
those who will in the near future do like
wise consider that over 1300 men have
been benefited they undoubtedly will feel
that the money given has been put to a
good use.
Up to the present time 1500 labor tickets
have been issued from the committee's
cilice, but about 200 of those receiving
tickets have not r- ported for work.
I A visit to the scene of operation will
I satisfy all that eood work has been done,
a grand driveway is now assuming
. iii'-vani shape.
The work of filling in the hujre hollow,
wUich requires 14 000 cubic yards of earth
to brinp ii up to grade, is no small task lit
itself. This, with the construction of a
culvert-bridge requiring tne use of heavy
timber.", somewhat retards the road wore
Bnt thii is necei«ary. as the flow of water
through this culvert in the winter season
is considerable, and without the bridge
would overflow the entire section.
The earth necessary to fill in this hollow
must, as a mutter of course, be hauled
from the adjacent heights, a portion of
which lies on a line with the boulevard.
To do this gravity-cars, horse teams and
wheelbarrows are used.
To carry on this work money is needed.
The relief committee is doing all that is in
its power to irmease the fund. thus pre
venting a cessation of the boulevard work,
and likewise the help and relief of the
hundreds of the unemployed.
. Up to the present the wheelmen bave
remained in a qiiescent condition, and
for some reason, presumably lack of ap
preciation, there nas been but a small
amount contributed by the wheelmen. The
request for aid from the wheelmen ap
plies not only to the members of clubs,
but to every person who rides, whether
man, woman or child. If every ri-aer in
this City would contribute just $1 each
there would be no further need of funds
The boulevard could more than be com
ploted with the amount.
It is expected, that the lecture to be
given by Henry A. Butters, a graduate of
the State University and recently of South
Africa, to-night, at Y. M. C. A. Hall on
Mason street, will swell the receipts con
siderably. Mr. Butters will speak on
South Africa, its physical resources and
opportunities. This will be a lecture well
worth hearing, as the speaker is a talented
orator.
After this follows the boxing and ath
letic tournament to be given by the Man
hattan Club at Woodward's Pavilion on
the evening of April 18.
The rehearsals are taking place regu
larly for the cantata. ".Ruth and Naomi,"
to be presented at the California Theater,
April 21. A number of prominent citi
zens have subscribed for boxes, and alto
gether the encouragement given the work
of the children would indicate that the
performance will be a big success.
Up-to-date contributions are as follows:
GUadinc. McFean Co., 180 feet It-inch vitri
fied iron-stone pipe-.
Ca-.li heretofore received $19,200 70
cash - 10 00
I«. K. McNeil,. '-'5 00
Richard S. AlcCreery 100 00
C. P. Huntlneion 100 00
Cash P ■. 25 00
Heehl Bros. <fc < 0 60 00
O. O. Wickson & CO 20 DO
Cash C 10 00
Cash P 0 00
Cash. 2 50
A. N. Wilson 20 I*o
a . C. Die : z A Co '20 00
(}. W. :-.~lj wars ing, O. P. Horn* 10 00
From the employes of ihe Kentucky
street ra lroad lino 27 50
James C Jordan. 50 00
Total $19,675 70
THE ENDEAVORERS.
Chairman Johncon Issues an Address
on tlit Possibilities of the '97
Convention.
In the current number of Golden Gate
News, issuea by Golden Gate Union ol
Christian Endeavor, Chairman Johnson
has a brief article on "Work That the '97
Reception Committee Can and Will Do in
Ninety Days," ai follows:
They will hava organized the largest com
mittee ever In operation ia our State, number
ing not less than 900, divided into five sub
committees, viz. : Railroad, headquarters,
when, station and church, all working in
hurmony and under the direction of the
central reception committee of twenty-six.
They will nave entertained the largest dele
gation ol Deopl.' that liave crossed th«» Rockies
at one time. They will have introduced into
our State some of the best American people.
They will have idven the unchristian por
tion of our population an obj ct lesson o( true
Christian loyalty hat they will never forget.
Yea, more, may it be the prayer and determi
nation of every Endeavorer to 'take some steps
in the direction of good citizenship and deep
ening of spiritual ii.c.
T.iis may be the only opportunity wo will
ever have as a State to entertain an Interna
u >nal Christian Endeavor Convention. Let
us do it well— not from vainglory, but to the
glory of God — avd we have his promise that
I we shall reap if we faint not.
There is a companion appeal by Presi
dent Purcell Rowe, urging continued
earne-tness of work.
The quarterly convention will be held
May 6.
A lecture, with 200 stereopticon views
by Miss Helen Kelleher, on "The Scenic
Wonders of Our Golden State," will be
given at Calvary Church on Tuesday
pvenine nez:, under the aus ices of the
Endeavor Society. Proceeds for the 1897
fund. "Golden Poppies" will be sung.
Socials will be given at the Mariners'
Church during April as follows: 15th, by
Plymouth Congregational Churcli; 22!,
by Howard P-esbyterian Church; 29th,
by Central M. E Church.
Lebanon Society is actively engaged in
helping to prepare for the "district
school to be t'iven Thursday evenine,
April 16, for the benefit of the 1897 fund.
A NEW POTRERO CLUB.
School Accommodation Much
Sought for by the
Resident".
They Say the Chi dren An Deprived
of Schoal Facilities in the
District.
The residents of the New Potrero are
anxious for a new school.
It was reported at a meeting of the Im
provement Club held last night at Bethle
hem Hall, on Twenty-fourth and Vermont
streets, that 200 families, with 400 school
children, are clamoring for a school build-
ing.
In order that tbe City authorities may
be made fully conversant with the wants
of the people there the following petition
is being signed by the residents:
The Honor attic Board of Education of the City
and County of San t'rancuco— Uentlesckn: Tne
underMgneu residents of the westerly slope of
t up Potrero, in and about the district bounded
by Potrero avenue, De Hivro avenue. Twentieth
and Twenty-fifth streets, respectfully repre
sent that that they are sadly in need of primary
and grammar school accommodations; tbat
within the last few years saia district has be
came quite populous, containing many chil
dren; that the Columbia, Grammar School,
situated on Florida street, many blocks away,
is the nearest; that such school is over
crowded, and as a result raunv of ou t children
have been and are being denied admittance,
and many others who are admitted are pre
maturely forced into higher grades to make
room for the crowd of applicants; that the Co
lumbia School is situated quite too far away,
and the streets around the residences of your
petitioners not being fully graded, it is an
arduous task for the children to travel to the
latter school. *
Your petitioners lurther respectfully repre
sent that they are informed and believe there
is a school lot on Nebraska street, near
Twenty-fifth, which wou d be a good location
for the district school, and iney most respect
fully pray that your honorable body may
erect a school thereon or at mine other sul ta
ble locality within said district at the earliest
possible moment.
The water and other questions were
fully discussed at the meeting, and a vote
of tnnnts was tendered, on the motion of
Robert Hamilton, from the Southern
Heights Club to The Call for the interest
it has takeu in the welfare of the people
of the heights on the water question.
MEXICO WIL.I* Kf.T Ail ATt:.
Inlands to . Make a Prohibitive Jiuty on
Hog* anil I*ncklt>(/- ifot««e I'roriuct*.
CITY OP MEXICO, M ex., April 9.—
is semi-officially announced that the new
tariff MIL 10 be presented to Congress next
week, will be strictly a retaliatory measure
again the Dingley bill. The duly on
live hogs and packing-bou«e products will
be made prohibitory, killing a very large
industry. .
.. . — . • — ♦ — •
Among the delicacies offered for sale to
the ' promenaders on the Parisian boule
vards '. recently were "mice : i»ies." The
word was spelled in English and wnat was
indicated was the ( seasonable - mince • pie,
out of the name of which the printers had
dropped a letter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
T. H. LAURIER AND B. F. PEABODY, Who Have Come Up
From the Madera Strike
[Sketched from life bg a "Calf' artist.}
THE FINDING
OF THE LOUISE
Excitement Over the New
Gold Strike in the
Madera Foothills.
Mrs. Wagner Said to Have Day
After Day Picked $250 in
Nuggets From Quartz
Shaw Brothers Buy tLe Mine Cheaply
Because of a Bond— Tbe Country
All Staked Cff.
T. H. Laurier and B. F. Peabody of the
widely talke<i-of Louise mine, the latest
gold strike in Madera County, seven
miles northwest of Raymond, are at the
RU3S. They are the first arrivals from the
new bonanza and give a remarkable story
of the discovery of the mine, its richness
in gold and the general interest in the
district.
Mr. Laurier is the stepson of Joseph
Wagner, the owner, or who was, till
Thursday, the owner, for on that day
Archibald and Millard Soaw, who own a
reneral store at Raymond, paid ov-r $11,
--OGO on a bond taken three weeks before
ihe strike and thus became .owners of the
property. Both Laurier and Peabody
vrpre working in the mine when the strike
was made. They say the mine is cer
tainly a wonder ami tiiat Mr. Wagner is
sorry he ever gavt- the bond.
"But he got about $70,003 out of it in
all," said Mr. Peabody. "After be struck
it the gold was so easily got that about
$10,010 was rea:ized before the property
had to be turned over. Tbe rock is lit
erally peppered with gold, and after a
shot is firo'd it ia so thick wth pieces of
gold and nuggots that it i* like pumice
stone. 1 have seen Mrs. Wagner sit on
the dump day after day and pick out the
gold, securing $250 a day just in that
way.
"The ore is worked with a single arastra
and by panning. The whole force con
sisted of but four men. Mr. Wagner is a
farmer, and owns a lot of land around
there. I estimate tnat the mine is worth
at least $50,000 without any development.
"When we were cleaning up there was
some loose gold about the arastra, and
Mr. Wagner pave it to bis stepson and
me, and we brought it up in this can and
tjottle. 1 reckon there is $300 or $400 of it.
We wili tafc«» it over to the Mint to-mor
row. The $10,000 that I allude to besides
this was taken out by two men in about
two weeks. Tne gold is free milling."
"The strike was made," said Mr.
Laurie r, "by a thirty-five foot shaft. Tae
vein is about three feet and a half thick,
lying between well-defined walls. The
banging wall is a very bard granite, or a
granite with an appearance of being
mixed with some other rock. The foot
wall is pretty near the same, except that
it is a little lighter in color, and there is
one place to the left on the foot wall where
there is a kind of white slate.
"Tne vein is composed of red and white
quartz, largely decomposed, and there is
j_'oi<i in both kinds. In fact, gold appears
all the way through with sin ular plenti
:nines?. It is the richest mine I ever «aw.
It is really astonishing the amount of the
yellow m*tal there is in the quar,z.
"Great excitement was caused by the
discovery, tuough it ha- subsided a little
now, but the country is all stated off for
miles around. However, no monu
ments are up and no wont has been done.
There is no other pay mine in the vicinity
except one that is reported to be good and
which has been closed down for a long
time because of inability on the part of
the owners to agree. Grub Gulch, thoagh,
is not far away and several properties are
working there.
'•The mine is about a mile and a half
from the Fresno River, on the road to
Fresno Flats. It is situated neither on
thu plains nor in the mountains, but in
the foothills. The hills there are rounded,
and in summer dry and brown, but dotted
here and there with liveoaks, so that the
country is quite attractive, especially
when the gra&s is green.
"The bond was originally given to a
man named Mitchell, and he transferred
it to the Shaw brothers for $1000 extra.
The whole of the purchase price was paid
over for the mine in Madera yesterday.
Hed it not bet,n bonded before the strike
oi course we wtoulda't have sold for such a
sum.
"I understand the new owners will
work the mine for the present with a
whim from the top and by a tunnel.
There was a 200-foot tunnel on the prop
erty years ago, which found a good pros
pect of gold, but it was allowed to cave in.
The dir«ct route to t:ie mine is from here
t.> Barenda, thence by rail thirty miles to
Raymond, and then by ordinary convey
ance seven miles to the northeast. We
will be here for several days."
This is the first definite news which has
rpached here since the discovery was set
torth by telegraph. In the dispatches,
however, none of the essential details,
such as men informed about mines, as
well as the general reader, want to know.
Ih* t'irtt -*rar J'rtaluma.
PETALUMA. Cai., Aor.l 9.— The only
evidence left by the incendiaries who
lired the warehouse on the Fair ranch
was the mark on the beach where their
boat's keel grated, showir g conclusively
their manner of approach. The loss to
the Fair estate will amount to about
$5000, although the building originally
cost a much larger sum. After great
efforts the winery anrt smaller buildings
were saved from : he flames, and another
warehouse (rill be bu It at once.
Concert at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., April
9. — The Glee and Mandolin clubs, as
sisted by the Young Ladies' Mandolin
Club, Miss Jagger, vocalist, ana Dr. Little,
gave a most successful concert in the
chapel this evening. The assembiy-room
was crowded and the different numbers of
the programme were enthusiastically ap
plauded. The clubs bavft improved
greatly since their last public perform
ance on the campus.
Tried to Find the Pea.
Neil Knudson has caused the arrest of
William Leonard on a charge of grand
larceny.
Knudson is a stranger here, and be is
as foreign to the wiles of bunko men as
other? are to tiie danger of putting out
gas by blowing.
He saunterei along Kearny street on
Wednesday afternoon, when Leonard, a
clever man in his iine, addressed him.
They became friendly and a drink or two
cemented the bond.
Leonard introduced Knudson to others,
and they played DOker.
Knudson, who knows the value of a
poker band, bet as high as $110 on an ace
lull, one of Leonard's friends raking down
ti.e pot with four fours.
Leonard agreed with Knudson that
they should quit playing fora wnile, and
Doth started to pay a visit to the Presidio.
At the latter place they found a man
who was reckless with his money. He
cad three walnut shells and a tiny little
rubber ball ha called the "joker."
It was apparent to Knudson that the
man was reckless in his wageri, and be
invested $140 more to tind nut that the
suellman was exceedinely lucky.
Just at this time a policeman in citizen s
clothes broke in upon the crowd and all
were plared under jirrest.
The officer said that thoy must go to
prison and that each would have to pay
a tine of $500.
Leonard suggested that Knudson buy
the officer off wit:i a good-sized banknote,
but as the victim was already robbed of
all his possessions Leonard generously
tendered $50 of his own money, and the
policeman went away.
It is unnecessary to say that the bogus
policeman, Leonard and a couple of other
bunko men robbed Knudson. who was re
gretful for his experience, but who was
willing to let the matter drop.
Switzerland is ibe only civilized country
in the world which grants no patents for
inventions.
SEW TO-DAT .
FOR $12.50
x l 3, WE MAKE
J^L TO ORDER
In 1(0 \ ' u^ s *^ at are eas *ly worth
llk w 1 \ double the money.
/J \ F W \ - This is not advertising talk
/?/I -— F IF ) merely— we can prove it We
I // L— » L«r ' / do tailoring on a■' wholesale
I ■//■|"^' \ V plan ' buy our cloth direct
LJf j A, t from the mills and make it to
\ul I \^ your measure here in our own
t\ j ol^ / f establishment.
11 1 1 Jr. For $12.^0 you take your
« I- fl I pick of the richest Spring
\\ I / I styles of cloths in an endless
I I 11 I assortment— fine; Cassimeres,
' I J /I J . .Cheviots, Tweeds, Serges,
I I II I Worsteds, Havana and Olive
I ; / 1 if Browns, Slates, Overplaids,
\ I I \ Small Checks,- Crashes, etc,
Mjr LA _> in latest fast colors.
£****' We guarantee every suit to
be pure wool and keep it in
repair one year free of charge.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 CORNER
MARKET STREET. POWELL & EDDY STS.
STRUGGLING FOR
DAVIS' DOLLARS
Lizzie Muir and Belle Cur
tis Fight for Their
Legacies.
Contestants Allege That the
Name of the Decedent Was
Dsdiker, Not Davis.
Rjv. Joseph P. Wilson and Mrs-
Catherine Steal Demani Pos
session of a Cool Million.
Further sensations are promised soon
in the estate of Jacob Z. Davis, deceased,
which is to be called for ihe hearing cf the
will contest on the 26ih m-t.
Great surprise was caused several
months ago, when it was learned for the
tirst time that the decedent's true name
was Dediker and not Davis. Under the
name of Davis be had lived in California
for nearly half a century us a prominent
business man, had amassed a fortune of
about a million dollars, had been known
from one end of the State to the other and
yet nobody in his wide circle of acquaint
ances here ever suspected that his pat
ronymic was anything but Davis. It is
right to observe that ne bore the name
worthily and was at all times recognized
as a worthy citizen.
Several months ago Dayis died in an
Eastern city, aud shortly afterward tbe
following instrument was filed as his
last will and testament, with a demand
that it be admitted to probate :
October 1, 1896.
I, Jacob Z. Davis, will and bequeath every
thing I have in this world to my beloved
uieces, Lizzie Muir and Belle Curtis.
Jacob Z. Davis.
Ihi mediately steps were taken for the
purpose of putting Mrs. Muir and Mrs.
Curtis in possession of the property, neces
sary papers to that end being filed by
Mastick & Mastick, the ladies' attorneys.
Within a few days Knight & Hegeerty
presented a contest on the part of Rev.
Joseph 1". Wilson and Mrs. Catherine
Stead, who diclared that the deceased,
D»vis, alias Dediker, was their ui:cle — the
brother of their mother, now dead.
An attack was made on the allegea will,
as the lawyers say, "all along the line."
Ie was charged that said Davis, alias
Dediker, never wrote the will, ana that,
consequently, it must be rejected as a
spurious and fabricated document. Never
theless if it should be found tt.at be
actually penned the words presented as a
holographic will in the form here seen,
then they allege that lie did so because ha
was under the control and influence of
persons to them unknown, who induced
the decedent to believe that the contest
ants had no affection for him, that they
had spoken ill of him, th?t they were un
worthy of his bounty and that they were
eager for his death in order that they
mipht get possession of his wealth. The
inference is also given that the legatees
under the will are no kin to the de
ceit nt.
Mrs. Muir and Mrs. Curtis made an
swer to the accusations of the contest
ants, saying tnat there was no truth in
the statement* touching the fabrication
of the will, and that as a matter of fact ii
was written, dated and »igned by the tes
tator while in sound and dupoMing mind
and lree from all undue influence and
duress, as had been alleged by the con
testants.
Notwithstanding their denials the con
testants will attempt to prove their
charges before a jury when the case comes
to trial.
In the meantime a new claimant has
made bis appearance, William F. Emer
son of Cincinnati has wiitten thi follow
ing tetter in regard to the estate:
At my mother, Mrs. Margaret Z. Emerson,
was first cousin to Jacob Z. Davis (Uedlker).
her fattier and bis mother being brother and
sister, I with to find out if possible whether,
if the trill is broken, we would come in lor
mother's share, sue being a close blood rela
tive. Cousin Jacob has always promised
mother thai her family would not be forgot
ten in the will. The old family Bible (now in
the hands of my uncle, John Austin of Balti
mor.) will give all lnlormatiou as to relation
ship. ;
REW TO-SAT.
Appetite
For good things to eat is born In one. If that appetite is not properly
cared for nothing will ••taste right." With us you can find the best
the grocery market affords— quick-moving fresh stock— large variety,
and 25 PERCENT SAVED, because the large blocks we handle go
direct from first to last hands, saving, you two or three profits en
route. The "best" here costs no more. Cash improves qualities and
helps the saving we effect for you in the following (regularly quoted
in this month's list) : . . . .
Lucca Oil
C. <fc 8., full size !.50c
Coffee
Pure Ground, flue 25c
Genuine Java and Mocha. 3 lbs $1 00
Arabian Fig Coffee 30c
lea We save you just half.
Japan, worth 50c, for 25c
Japnn, in tins, pure, as tbe Japs uso it,
no*, the commercial grnde 50c
Very Excellent Oo:onsr 3">c
Very Fancy English Breakfast 45c
Butter
Eel River Creamery 30c
Livermnre (here exclusively} 30c
Fancy Dairy Grades 25c
*- *is»^ Candled In plain view as you wait.
Choice Fresh Ranch, each lc
Selected Large siizes, fancy lj^c
KlCe 100-lb bag rate, lb less.
Very Excellent Grade. 25 lbs $ I 00 I
Very Fancy Japnn, 22 lbs #1 00
Best Table 8. I. Head, 20 lbs $100
Cand les 25 per cent save a nere .
House, 30 for 25c, box $1 00
Mining, hard pressed, box $155
Cala. rTUIt 40 per cent saved here.
Honest California Prunes 3c, larger 5c
Dried Cherries 5c
German Pears 3c, Fancy 10c
L«rge Fine Unp. Plums 3c
Fresno i-eeded Muscatels 10c
Chocolate
Ghirardelli's Vanilla 35c
Baker's Unsweetened 35c
Miner's Eagle 21c
lYlaCarOni Demonstrated to-day.
Bulk sc. Boxes 25c, 35c and 45c
Qur Special Imported 1%0
ygfSi Goods dfllTMed twicn daily— i»ny part city.
1 fiitUK! »ei> delivery to suburban town*. ■ :
F^SM / fi^ Hsf ' Free demonstration of foods dally.
I2PE» *rJs3wts?s2B ' 'i'ea and Coffee nervnd free to all who calL
' "BKcWfc.^ ' /^wF*swP/ Parcels chocked and Telephone Free.
V^riKPWl'Wffi WF^Sr/ Dining-room on sixth floor.
VMiH^^l^ly «.<>o<U packed and "hipped everywhere.
Please ask for our 40-pago list.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
A gentleman of Brooklyn, N.Y., 65 years old, used to be a freight
clerk, but for eleven years has done no work, mainly on account of ■ ■
j rheumatism. He has always been troubled a good deal with constipa- j
tion, but a few months since, his attention having been directed to
RIPANS TABILES
he commenced a course of treatment with them, using them according to
I directions. As a result the trouble from constipation is overcome and
there is a positive improvement to be noted in the condition of his
rheumatic joints. His daughter, who lives with him and has suffered a
good deal from dyspepsia, also uses the Tabules and has found in them : '
the greatest possible benefit.
DR. MARTIN'S GREAT PAIN CURER
.;;, THE 7JGE
IS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen*
tery/ Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, ; Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liyeraiid Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head*
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Burns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains/
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchingsand many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE. | ' j
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal.
For sal* by all druggist*. The trade supplied by Redlng*ton & Co., Mack A Co. and
Langley & Michaels, San FranciMO. 
DR.ITCNULTY.
I'nrs WELL-KNOWN AND RKLTABLE Or,1»
X specialist rur*x l*rivate,NerToun,BloodaHd Skin •
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore«l>Ovrr
• 20 years' experience. Send for Boole, free. Patients
cured at Home. .Terms reasonable. Hours, 3 to 3
<ially;6:3o tnB.3o ev'cs. Snndxy*, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. ■ Cull or address
i». boscoe Mcxiri/r m. »., ; -
26 Krai i. Street, Man Francisc*. Cal.
Crackers
A. B. Co. Sodas, 10-lb b0x........ 50c
Bishop's Cupid Kisses, quart 100
Raspbeiry 1 elmonts, latest..... . 20a
Souvenir Cukes, assorted, the thing lor
picnics, large tin '....25c
COCOa All kinds here.
Miner's, per tin so.
Yen. Homeopathic . i5 0
E pps 1 or Frey's .'.".!!! 20c
iiuyler's - 25<s
Baker's. "7.1. o^
V*nHouten's .7.7.430 and 84c
Royal Dutch 21c, 400 and 76c
Candy Specials
* Our Extra Fancy Broken, 2 lb«. . 15c
Our American Mixed, worth 15c . "*">oc
French Nou?at ,".' '50c
Lowney's Chocolates '" 50c
Our Finest Bonbons '350
Our 35c Candy on Mondays '.'.'.',. 25c
Eastern specialties. ■
Baking Powder
• Cremede Luxe, it's pure, 16 0z.......37Jic
Creme de Luxe. 5 lbs ... SI 50
We sell all leading brands.
Drugstore Ourdru Bstore will interest
Fozodout...- : 4g c
Hood's. Ayer"s and Joy's Sarsaparilta. 65c
Hire's Root Beer 10c and 15 C
Insect Powder, best, 1b. . . 35 C
Plerce's Medical Discovery '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'."do
Sal. ooda, 20108 25c
i-yru n of Figs, 50c size, ..,) -5 C
Pacific Ammonia, 10i size 5c
Canned •
Tomatoes, in lightning jars
TT pints 10c, quarts 15c, 2-quart 200
Hayward'-i 2>£-lb tins 5 C
■ Baked Beans, Tomato Sauce 6V£c
Fancy Corn Eastern, 3 tin? aJo
Home Puck Jelly, in g.ass, 3 lor.. 25c
K. Y. C. Co. Condensed Mi1k......' ... 5 C
Bitirdsley Boneless Herring 15 O
Best French Sardines, dozen.... j 81 40
McMurray Oysters, large tins ;..... '.'...15c
-..- -■■.-■■■ ■-. ■•■■ . -. • . , /jg&mi
BBUAUCiVni! *°™ Taroat, Pimping, Corp«rJß|
HhHAIL^IUU Colorea Cpotu, Aches, Old BoresSl
BlCJlcers in Mouth, Hair-Koillngt Write COOKES
mB£MEDY CO., 007 Masonic Temple^
ffifChlcoco, 111., lor proofs of ceres. Cupl-fid
jEUtml, 5500,000. Worst cases cored In ICU
Hto 35 day. IOQ-paie book free. Hg
56
bATFRDAY APBIL, 10. 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUfc,
Editor and Proprietor. -^
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. ' 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
fcunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
WfcUCLY Call, cue year, by mall 1.&0
BUSINESS OFFICE: .
710 31 trite i Street,
Fan JTancisco, California.
Telephone aLaln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery s.reet, corner Clay ; open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
b\V. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2MB Mission street, open nntU 9 o'cloclc
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW. corner Tweuty-second and Kentucky
streets; open (111 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 «nd S2, M Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, F.as:ern Manager.
Ihli CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
L?ave orders to-day for The Euxday
Call.
While the Senate is debating the tariff
the Houte should be at work on the money
issue.
It is high time for McKinley to call an
international conference on the silver
question.
CaJifornians will have to watch the
tariff bill or their interests may be lost in
tne Senatorial shuttle.
If you wish to know what the Easter
girl will wear and how she swings the
style read 'Jhk Sunday Call.
We have started the boulevard so well
it would be folly to drop it now. Sub
scribe to the fund and help the g<iod work.
Crete may not have succee led in com
pleting her revolution, but all the same
she has managed to give all Enrope a
turn round.
The Porto Rico rebellion raised its head
just high enough to get it hit hard, and
then the Government got in an uppercut
and knocked it out.
The European concert seems to have
reached a harmonic key at last and all
the trombones are playing a retreat from
Crete for Turks and Greeks alike.
The accident to Brvan at St. Aueustine
recalls several similar accidents (luring
the campaign last fall. In fact Brvan has
had bad luck with every platform con
structed for him.
The area of country flooded by the
Mississippi tliis year is estimated to be
nearly as !ar«e as the State of Maine, and
the wat rs are still spreading. It is a
good year for ducks and catfish. *
The Canadian Government proposes to
enact a tariff which will promote trade
with England Instead of this country, and
if the Canadians can stand it tney are
welcome to it. We have no kick coming.
In violating the ordinance against spit
ting in streetcars Mr. Bradley has fur
nistied us with a new qse for millionaires.
They are good subjects to try local ordi
nances on to see whether they are valid or
not.
The administration is pledged to pro
motet f c establishment of international
bimetallism as well as to enact a pro
tective tariff, ana the people exnect both
pledges to be fulfilled as promptly as
possible.
The appointment of Theodore Roosevelt
as Assistant Secretary of the Navy will
give the country an opportunity to see
how he plays his hand in assisting. In
former games he has always insisted on
going it alone.
There are very lew districts in the wide
tpread West in which there are not
mining excitements of some kind in these
days. Even in Kansas they have quit
talking of Populism and fiat money ana
gone to gold hunting for a change.
Balfour's assertion of a possible alii
ance between England and America in
case of a war with France and Russia is
so peculiar it can hardly be explained ex
cept on the supposition that Balfonrhas
become intoxicated with some of Bayard's
speeches.
The scheme of President Hill of the
Great Northern to open a market in
China ior Pacific Coast wheat is good,
prov;ded we do not have to pay too high
a price lor it by openinc the Pacific Coast
market to the cheap manufactures of
China ana Japan.
It is said to be the intention of the Sen
ate Committee on Finance to report the
tariff bill to the Senate on May 1, but if
obstacles are interposed the report may
not be made until June 1. In the meS»i
time the House will have to ask itself
what it. would rather do or go fishing.
Senator Morgan's resolutions in favorof
Cuban independence do not seem to have
much effect on the Senate, but they keep
Spain informed of the fact that Cuba has
friends in this country who are watching
the course of the struggle on the island,
and to that extent they serve a good pur
pose and save the patriots from many an
outrage.
The executive committee appointed by
the Indianapolis monetary conference has
begun an agitation to induce Congress to
take up the reforms proposed by the con
ference and proceed to carry them out.
This movement is not unexpected. The
currency question cannot be sidetracked,
and the sooner the administration sets up
steam and goes ahead on it the better the
people will be satisfied.
It is gratifying to learn that tbe experi
ment with free rural postal delivery at
Campbell district in Santa Clara County
has proven satisfactory after two months'
trial. The volume of business of the
cilice steadily increases and the people
show an appreciation of tbe convenience
afforded them. The Campbell district,
being made up of small orchards, is ex
ceptionally well fitted for auch a service,
but there can be little question that the
tystem may be profitably extended to
many oilier districts in the S'.ate, and
since tbe result of the first experiment is
so good the extension may be looked for
at an early date.
THE SILVER QUESTION.
The prompt action taken by the House in enacting a tariff bill designed to pro
vide revenues for the Government and protection to the industries of the American
people gives encouragement to Republicans, and confirms them in the belief that the
administration will be prompt to fulfill every pledge made to the country during the
campaign.
Ii will be well for the administration, however, not to rest content with what has
been accomplished, but to go forward with other things. Tlia tariff was not the only
issue in the campaign— protection is not the only pledge that was made to the people.
T ere was an emphatic promise made that the McKinley administration would take
immediate iteps to bring about an international agreement for the remonetization of
silver. The people await with impatience for some signs that this pledge also is to be
faithfully fulfilled.
The House nas passed the tariff bill, and is now doing nothing. It has therefore
opportunity to begin at once the work of preparing the way for financial legislation.
It is not expected that the Senate Finance Committee will report the tariff before
May 1. If obstacles intervene the bill may not be reported before June L At least a
month will be required after the report is made before the siow-moviajr Senate can be
expected to take the final vote on the measure. What will the House be doing
d urine all that time? Can it afford to meet only to adjourn, aud be idle while any
pledge of the party remain * unfulfilled?
It is not good politics — it is not wise statesmanship — for the administration to
ignore, or even postpone, the money question. That issue was the most important
one in the last campaign. It overshadowed even the question of protection. It was
discussed on every itumD and in every newspaper throusbout the land.
The Republican party won its victory because its platform, its candidates for office
its speakers on the stump and its representatives among the newspapers empnati
caliy pledged it to take immediate and resolute action toward the establishment of
international bimetallism. The party could not have won otherwise. The people
were thinking of money, they were talking of money. Throughout the country the
main issue was whether wo should have the remonctization of silver by the United
States alone, as promised by the liryanites. or the remonetization of silver by inter
national agreement, as promised by the Republican party. On that issue the great
batte was won, and by what it does on that issue will the McKinley administration
be judged when its work is submitted to the people for approval or condemnation
in the Congressional elections of 1898.
President McKinley owes it to his party and to the country to call to the attention
of Congress the importance of taking action at once on this issue as well as on that
of the tariff. If the question is postponed until the meetine of the regular session
in December it will be late in the winter, or perhaps even in the spring, before so much
as the preliminary steps can be tafcen toward the solution of the problem. The time
will then Le near at hand for the Congressional campaign, and the Republican party
will co into the held hampered by the fact that it has apparently neglected the
paramount issue of the time.
Delay on this issue wou'd be a political blunder of the first magnitude. The
administration should not make it. Congress should be set to work. The call for an
international conference to bring about the rcoionetization of silver should be made
immediately.
THE PEDEBAL BUILDING.
While the Senate is engaged in revising
the tariff the House of Representatives
meets once in three days and then pro
ceeds to adjourn for another three days,
that being the longest time for which it
can adjourn without the consent of the
Senate. The members of tne House,
therefore, have ample time to go fishing,
or to attend to the business of their con
stituents.
The California members ought not to go
fishing. They ought to camp around the
office of the Treasury Department anu that
of the supervising architect and continu
ally remind those officials that there is in
San Francisco a good site for a new Fed
eral building and in the treasury at Wash
ington money to pay for it. Tney can
further inform them that many indus
trious men are out of employment in San
Francisco, that the business of the Na
tional Government requires this new offices
which would be afforded by the building,
and that the need for an early beginning
of the work ot construction is therefore
doubly urgent.
Ail this will be an old story to the Gov
ernment officials, even as it is an old story
to the people of San Francisco. Never
theless it is a story which must be iter
ated and reiterated until action is taken
and the work of construction begun.
Agitation must be insistent and persistent
on this topic. We have tried the experi
ment of waiting in silence Jor many years,
ana tor our pains in the practice of that
policy we have gained nothing except tne
good which comes from the exercise of
patience.
In order to capture Richmond Lincoln
advised General Grant "to keep pegging
away at it." A similar policy is the one
which we roust adopt in our contest for
the new Federal building, and now that
our members of the House of Representa
tives have nothing elle to do it is a good
time for them to keep pegging away at
the Treasury Department until it surren
ders. We must have the binding. We
ought to see work begun on it this summer.
WHEAT fOR THE ORIENT.
Tne letter of James J. Hill, president
of the Great Northern Kailroad, pointing
out the possibility of developing a large
grain trade between the Paciiic Coast and
the Orient, is one which will De read with
no little interest by the people of Califor
nia. It promises benefits both to the mer
cantile and to the farming industries of
the coast and opens up a field of enter
prise well worthy the most serious consid
eration that can be given to it.
According to Mr. Hill, it is possible
for the whuat producers of tbe Pacific
Coast to Dnd a market for their products
in the Orient not only sufficiently large to
consume ali of the current output of
wheat, but to furnish ■ demand for it
which would enable us to largely increase
the supply without any diminution of
price. In the province of Amoy, China,
there are 8t\ 000,003 of people, and if these
consume an average of twenty pounds of
flour per capita yearly, they would make
a market for 40,000,000 bushels of wheat
in that province alone. Other districts of
China near the sea and accessible to ships
would make additional markets for an
equally Jarge amount. It seems, more
over, that we have only :o supply the
wheat at reasonable rates in order to In
crease the Chinese use of it, and therefore
tne outlook for an abundant market for
our wheat helds is most excellent.
In the pabt year we hare shipped a good
deal of wheat to China and Japan, and
the result has been to reduce the amount
going to Europe, so that there has been a
rise in tne price. Mr. Hill states that the
price of wheat this year as compared with
last is from 20 to 25 cents higher, and he
tuinks that from 15 to IS cents of this rise
is clearly due to withdrawals of Pacific
wheat from the European markets. The
necessary conclusion is, therefore, that if
we could find in the Orient a market for
all our wheat, there would be better prices,
not only for the Pacific Coast crops, but
tor those of tbe East, and the whole farm
ing population of America would be bene
fited.
To accomplish the opening of this
enormous market for onr wheat products
it is certainly worth while paying a good
price. In bis letter Mr. Hill suggests that
the new tariff should be arranged in such
a manner as to promote the Oriental
trade. If this means that we are to open
tbe Pacific Coast market* to the cheaply
manufactured goods of China and Japan
it might be found within tt few years that
we are paying too bi;h a price for the
new wheat market. In the present con
dition of our industrial development we
need more factories rather than more
wheat fields, and it would not benefit us
mach to sell wheat to the Orient if we had
to sacrifice our manufacturing industries
to do it. Mr. Hill's proposition is worth
considering, but is not to be adopted too
hastily.
;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
ARMOR PLATE.
The bids for supplying the Government
with 8000 ions of armor plate under the
law stipulating that the average cost
■hould not be more than $300 a ton have
reduced the problem to :he simple one
of a Government plant for the construc
tion of armor plate or the payment by the
Government of excessively large sums to
private parties.
The cost of armor plate was thoroughly
investigated by a commission which re
ported to Congress that it would be
profitable to the manufacturers to furnish
plato to tne Government for a cost not
exceeding $300 a ton. The manufacturers,
however, have evidently determined not
to furnish it for that amount. Only one
of them niaiie any bid at all on the plate
now required for the battle-ships Ala
bama, Illinois and Wisconsin, and this
one while making two rroposiiions did
not conform in either of them to the re
quirements of the law.
One proposition made by the bidder,
the Illinois Steel Company, was an offer
to furnish plates at $240 a ton, on condi
tion that Congress would award it tne
contract for all the armor-plate that would
be wanted by the United States Govern
ment for twenty years, provided that it
should not be required to manufacture
less than 6000 tons nor more than 12.000
tons annually. The other proposition
was that the Government shoul 1 erect an
armor-plate plant and ltase it to the
Illinois Steel Company at a nominal
figure for ninety-nine years, on which
terms the company would agree to manu
facture the armor-plate at a reasonable
cost.
It is conceded that the construction of a
plant for the manufacture of armor-plate
is costly and entails a very heavy ex
penditure of money. As the demand for
such material is limited the profits on
what is made must be very large la order
to pay interest on the capital invested.
These facts were taken into consideration
by the commission which reported that
the plate could be made in this country
at a cost not exceeding $300 a ton. bince
none of the manufacturers are willing to
mate it for that price the Government
should erect two plants of its own, one on
the Atlantic and the other on the Pacific
coast. It would then be independent of
the steel companies and could certainly
manufacture its plate as cheaply as it has
been offered by private bidders at any time
since the construction of the new navy
began.
LOVE'S INVOCATION.
Bine «ky, bend Above her
Brightly day by day:
Lille* loan .11 1 love her —
Violets, deck her way !
For her s-inllo Is like tbe light thst makes th«
morning,
And her eyes are like the bine that makes the
sky:
An-l her lips are like acrlmion rose adorning ■
Tbe gardens when the springtime j asses by !
Earth, (trow green beneath her,
lad her grace to greet:
All your roses wreath her— -
I horn ess. fadeless, B wee.!
For her smile Is like the light that makes the
morning—
The light tha- lures the angels from the sky;
And her love— lt Is a deathless rose adorning
Ibe gardens when tbe springtime passes by!
— Atlanta Constitution.
MEN /ND WOMEN.
George I of England never learned the Eng
lish language.
Dr. Nansen has asked permission to name
the Siberian peninsula discovered by him
after King Oscar of Sweden. The King and
the Russian authorities nave given their con
sent.
Miss Ellen Hinsdale, daughter of ProTessor
HinsOale of Michican University, has received
the degree of Ph. D. from the Goettingen
University, the first woman to recsive the de
cree in philology at that institution.
"If we had to describe Marie Corelll in
terms of literary geograph," says a writer in
the Bookman, "we should say that she is
bounded on the north by Oulda, on the south
by Laura Jean Libbey, on the east by Florence
Warden and ou the west by Archibald Claver
i jg Uunter."
Ouida has more fads and fancies than even
a fin-de-siecle college girl. The scent she uses
is made especially for her by a celebrated
Venetian perfumer and costs $40 an ounce.
She cannot bear starched muslin ; the touch of
velvet makes her feel creepy, and the faints at
the smell of honey.
Mrs. Bradley Martin ii the owner of the most
complete and valuable collection of watches
in this country. Among the gems is a watch
pendant which atone time belonged to Queen
Anne. Another unique timepiece In the col
lection la set in the heart of an apricot made
of onyx, and the works of which aie of solid
gold.
BOURKE'S LInLE BULL
Atlanta Journal.
Bourke Cockran exercised his birthright an
an Irishman a few days ago when he said:
■'Those who are remembered for a year are not
many; and the man who is remembered lor
3000 years dors not exist."
CROSSING TO EUROPE BY TROLLEY.
There is really no foreseeing what we are coming to, In view of the resistless -progress of
invention and the still stronger flight of imagination, which is the egg out of which inven
tion is hatched. Note the amazing proposition which Professor Close has conceived. It
will be set forth in The Call to-morrow. It is a well-defined scheme to cross the Atlantic on
and bloody fe ries which Mr. Miller authentically makes public through a Call writer is
to-morrow's great illustrated supplement.
Iv the East the dangerous iad ol inducing
in what are called "chlo roiorm *prees" has
been followed to some extent, sufficiently at
least to induce a San Francisco young woman
to try the experiment. There is considerable
humor and a great big moral iv the story
which she relates of her thrilling fight with
the drug. Trie story, illustrated, will appear
in The buyiuT Call.
A keen observer, who has been contributing
to The Call some pertinent on in
ternational affairs over the norn de plume of
"Ex-Attache," has written ior to-morrow's
issue an excellent criticism of the custom of
sending abroad as diplomats men who have
become by foreign association divorced from
plain and true Americanism.
One may easily imagine the amusing
dilemma of a man o:» an Easter-bonnet shop
ping tour in San Francisco. A Call writer
and a Call artist went this week on such
tour, and »he results of their observations and
experiences will appear in this paper to-mor
row.
Clark Russell's story, "The Lost Entry,"
reaches a happy conclusion in the same paper,
comprehensively illustrated.
Adeline Knapp talks oi the birds; Van Dyck
Brown writes of Alfred i'arsons, the artist
author; Marcella's wits are panicularly alive
to the fashions of the season; social aud the
atrical affairs are given an illustrated page
each; the book page deals with Nansen and
his celebrated book, giving tne latesj portrait
of the eminent explorer; the page deVoted to
the children, by Mary W. Kichards, sparkles
with an alairing variety oi prose and verse
sketches, punctuated by illustrations; the whist
department leads the local whisters as usual;
the mining index is illustrated and varied in
new and original style by a special writer, and
a score more articles, special and detail work,
fill up tne number.
For a high-class and withal readable Sunday pap r that your children may read as sa'ely
as yourself take The Sunday Call, it ia live, carefully edited, tastefully illustrated, clean
and free from fakes. Order to-day.
PERSONAL
A. C. Irwin of Marysvlile is In the City.
E. B. Carr, s merchant of Ferndale, Is in
town.
Charles R, Thorburn of Chicago is at the
Grand.
K. Clark of Spokane was ono of yesterday's
arrivals.
Mn. M. Rose of Angels CamD is at the Cos
mopolitan.
G. H. Coffin, a mining man of Pasadena, is
on a visit here.
Itadore Bissinger, a business man of Port
land, is in town.
B. F. Reeser, a business man of Ashland,
Or., is at the Russ.
Thomas B. Bond, the capitalist of Lakeport,
is a late arrival here.
B. T. Bush, a mining man of Roslyn, B. C. ,
is a recent arrival here.
Mr. and Mrs. Fchwabacner of Berlin, Ger
many, are at the Palace.
F. H. Ratz ana family of Angels Camp arc at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Daniel Davis and son ot Dedham, lowa, are
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
District Attorney Carl E. Lindsay of Santa
Cruz is here on a brief trip.
The Rev. C. K. Guthrie ot Red Bluff ana
Mrs. Guttirie are at the Palace.
J. Craig, proprietor of the hotel at Highland
Springy, Lake County, is In this City.
John Like and Mrs. Lake, of Rockford, 111.,
were among yesterday's arrivals here.
Dr. McFarland of Ormond College, Mel
bourne, Australia, is at the Occidental.
F. Goldstone, a general store owner of Cot
tonwood. ldaiio, Is registered at the Grand.
C. \V. Jone«, a business man of Ryde, Sacra
mento County, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Jesse D. Cnrr, the millionaire land-ouner
and banker of Salinas, arrived here yesterday.
W. R. Foreman, a hotel proprietor of An
tioch, arrived hero yesterday and is at the
Grand.
M. L. Elllcott of Salisbury, South Africa, is
among the arrivals here. He is accompanied
by Ciichtoa R. Scorih of Scarborough, Eng
land.
A. W. Butts, a mining man of Spokane, who
has ior some time been developing properties
In Amador and Trinity counties, is at the
Occidental.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw, representing the
Stockton Art Pottery Company, is here on a
business trip and will leave in a day or two
for Los Angeles. Colonel Shaw was for some
years a well-known newspaper man of Nevada,
and afterward of California. He was the or
ganiser and secretary of the Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce, and made speeches
throughoui the State for McKinley during the
last campaign.
CALIFORh.ANS IN NE YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.-At the Plaza.
J. B. Ryan. Jonn Brown; Stuart, P. ft. Aron
son; Murray Hill, a. W. Corbu*. Mrs. C. D.
Karquharsou, J. D. Johnson; Astor, L. D.
Jacks; Imperial, J. Curtis; Manhattan, J.
Curtis.
WITH YtfUK cOFFEE
He (ecstatlcally)-Miss dc Peyster promised
last night to marry me.
She (calmly)— l congratulate you.
He— You don't seem to be surprised.
She— No, I can't ««>• that I am. I heard her
say yesterday that she had made up her mind
to have a husband before the year was out,
and that nlniost any old thing would do.—
Somervilie Journal.
"The days are getting longer," remarked
Mr. Vivvles, whose habits have developed a
vein of sarcasm in his wife.
"Yes. The sun rises much earlier. And I'm
really sorry, for your sate."
"I don't see why."
"It compels you to hurry so to get home be
fore daylight."— Washington Star.
Proprietor — Does the new clerk leem to
know anything about bookkeeping?
Head Bookkeeper— Nothing at all, sir; but,
then, you must remember he has never done
anything before but teach double-entry in a
business college.— Judse.
He— Miss Bellacour claims to belong to &
very old family.
She- Well, she's justified. There are six of
those girls, and tne youngest of them must be
at least 35.— Cleveland Leader.
Jawley— What makes you think Stimson Is
getting wealthy?
Beaker— He never looks flittered and apolo
getic any more when I ask him for a loan.—
New York Press.
"Have you anything to say?" obligingly
asked the leader of the vigilauce committee
as he seized the end of the rope.
"Nothing, except that you can't keep a good
man down," responded Weakly Tenplunki
the humorist, further attempts to conceal his
ldentiiy being useless.— Detroit News.
"And yet," he aneered. "they say that the
American public wants novelty!"
"Have you reason for a different opinion?"
"Certainly. I wrote a play in which there
was not a phrase nor an Incident nor a cos
tume calculated to bring a blush to any
cheek. Nobody went to see It."— Washington
Star.
a trolley strung to the bed of the ocean.
Not much will be made public about the
Easter Girl until a week hence, but a special
writer on The Call has found one of those
charming creatures all decked out a week in
advance and waiting for the eventful day in
compete readiness aud with corresponding
impatience, and« she has pictured her in all
her splendor in to-morrow's Call. It is &
unique bit of character sketching, as well as a
timely hit on Easter fashions.
George W. Miller, now of Belvedere, is a
survivor of the famous Kogue River massacre
in Oregon forty odd years ago. He states that
the cause of the Indians' uprising was the fact
that certain of the whites were unfeelingly
desecrating the Indian graves for the purpose
of getting the boards whicn the coffins were
made of. This horrible outrage led to a long
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Receiving a Package— M. a. E. 8., City. If
a package is delivered at a house properly ad
dressed to name ati'l number the presumption
is that i; i ? intended for the individual so ad
dressed, althought the pariy receiving it may
not know from whom it came.
The Chronicle Clock— M. G. F. 8., |City.
The clock in the Chronicle building tower has
a double dial. The one that marks the time
by day has a diameter of 10,',' feet, while the
one that Darks the time by n:ghthat a di
ameter o! llj^' feot The minute-hand is 8
feet long and the hour-hand 5 1 ,' ieet lone.
The weight of the minute-hand is about 40
pounds.
Jurisdiction'— C. N. 8., Gridley, Cal. The
rivers in the State of California are under the
jurisdiction of the State. The Code Says:
The sovereignty and jurisdiction of his State
extends to all places within Its boundaries as
estab .ishi'ii by the constitution: but th* extent of
such jurisdiction over places that -have been or
may be ceded to, purchased or Condemned br the
ruin- i Stales, Is qualified by the terms of such
cession, or the laws under which such purchase or
condemnation lias been or may De made.
The Civil Service Examinations — J. C,
City. There is no regular time for examina
tions in the vnnous depattmenta under the
civil service rules. When a department re
ceives notice that there is to be an examina
tion the fact is posted in a prominent part of
the department. Tnat notice gives all the in
formation as to time, place and the character
of tne examination. 1 hose who wish to un
dergo an examination abouid select the de
partment in which they wisu to enter, and
then app y at that dep irtment for the cler* of
tho civil service brunch, who will give all in
formation and furnish examination blanks.
Territorial Jurisdiction— G. E. M.Watson
▼ille, Santa Cruz County. The following sec
tion of the Political Code defines the jurisdic
tion in the matter of crime on ground ceded
by it:
The Legislature consents to the purchase or con
demnation by the Ci.lied states of any tract of
lanu wn htn tins mb!c for the purpose ot erc-c ing
forts, magazines, ar<tenals, dockyards and other
needful buildings upon the express condition that
all civil process aa m»v issue unJtr tin' authority
ot thti state, and suoh criminal process as may
Issue under the author. ty of ibis state, against any
person chanced with crime ma- be served and ex
ecuted tn»ieon in .he same mole and manner and
by the tame officers as if ti.e purchase or condem
nation had no. been mace.
This, of course, appiien to crimes "against the
peace and dignity of the people of the State of
California."
Freezing Mixtures— J. B. P., San Jose, CaL
The following is a list of freezing mixtures in
which snow if not a part :
Ingredients.
: I
: C
: ft
D a
a a
§'8
D a
: »!
'brce parts sodium phosphate, two
part* amm on in nitrate, four
parts mixed acids
'ive parts sodium phosphate, thr^e
parts ammonium nitrate, four
parts dilute nitric acid
me p.<ri ammonium nitrate, one
i art water
'lv« parts ammonium cnloride,
five parts potassium nitrate. .-■*&;
parts toil. sulpha. c, sixteen
parts water
ame as above without sodium
sulphate...
'Ive parts sodium sulphate, four
parts diluted sulphuric acid
'tie part ammonium nitrate, one
pan sodium carbonate, one part
water....
1 34 to 50
0 to 34
40 to 4
16
34
36
1 60 to 4
46
50 10 10
40
50 to 3
47
50 to 7
43
Appoiuuttox l't.Hi <i. A. 11.
Appomattox Post No. 50, G. A. R., gave an
anniversary entertainment last Thursday
night in Syndicate Hall, Onkland, and the
invitation to attend was responded to by a
large number of people. There were among
the number General Department Commander
T. C ManeUer. Junior Vice Department Com
mander F. W. Cusolng, post senior vice de
partment commander and Colonel Lyons.
The entertainment was opened by a few
remarks by Post Commander S. Knight, the
audience sane "Columbia, the Gem of the
Ocean." w. R. Davis responded to "Our
Honored Guest," Mayor W. Tnoma9. Rev. E.
R. Dllle of Lincoln Post told In a most inter
esting siy .« of the surrender at Appomattax.
Mr«. Flora Winchell Andres gave a vocal se
lection and the remainder of the programmo
whs as follows; "The Grand Army of (he Re
public, Department Commander t. C. Mastel
ler; "The Wcmeti'n Relief Corps," Captain W.
R. Thomas; "Patriotism in the Public
Schools," Miss Molhe Conners; song, selected,
male quartet; "The W. R. C. Home," Depart
ment President Mr-. Laura A. Robinson; "Our
Country's Flng,"G.\V. Arbuekle; "Our Charter
Members," Mrs. M. K. Parritt; "America." the
aud;cnce. The various numbers were very
much appreciated and the patriotic speeches
were vociferously applauded.
Progressive Endowment Onlld.
San Francisco chapter of the Progressive
Endowment Guild bold an enthusiastic meet
ing on Wednesday nighi, Initiated one candi
date and accepted one application.
The committee on arrangements for the high
Jinks to be Riven on tbe 21it inst, in St.
George's Hall, reported harm* secured talent
lor that evening and that it will present a fine
programme. There will be plenty of instru
mental music, good sinking, dialect special
ties, humorous specialties, funny stories,
acrobatic feats, a wrestling match and a three
round friendly bout by two prominent mem
bers of the chapter. Tne number of invi
tations has been limited to 150.
The following named nave been added to
the committee, (hat will meet on next Wednes
day evening in Dr. Lefevre's office: F. Felter,
G. O. Daggett, H. \V. fiowman, J. R. McCrodan,
Allen Eckert. A. F. Uaraazthy and J. c. Becker.
MRS. CRAVEN WINS
HER MAIN POINT
Will Obtain a Trial on the
19 th of This
Month.
It Is Not Thought Probable That
Further De ay Can Be
Secured.
D. M. D Imas Presented a Strong
Array of Authorities Against
Miss Fair's Intervention.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven's desire for a
speedy trial of the case brought against
her by the managers of the Fair estate
was again made manifest in Judge
Slack's court yesterday. D. M. Dei mas,
of the law firm of Delmas & Shortndge,
representing Mrs.' Craven, reiterated his
strenuous objections to any modification
of the record thnt might permit or give
excuse for further delay.
With this aim in view he took up the
argument on the demurrer to the com
plaint in intervention recently filed by
Miss Virginia Fair, daughter of the late
James G. Fair, in the litigation instituted
by J. S. Angus and other iegal representa
tives of the Fair estate against Mrs.
Craven.
Mrs. Craven's wish, as expressed by
Mr. Delma?, is for an ear y hearing and
determination of the allegation of forgery
made by the other side in regard to her
deeds to certain real estate. She protests
that they are genuine and regular in
every respect, and for a long time she has
been clamoring for a trial on that issue,
announcing that she is eager to have her
documents put to the test and solemnly
asserting that by these she is willing to
stand or fall.
Just as she supposed that she was about
to reach a trial of the case and the jurors
ior determining the question were actually
in attendance and answered to their
names for that purpose an attempt was
made by the opposition to change the
Btatus of the proceedings in such a way
that the case would be changed to pro
ceedings in chancery, and she would be
deprived of her constitutional right of a
trial by jury.
Against this modification of the record,
with its attendant dental of his client's
leeal rights, Mr. Delmas presented an
elaborate array of authorities in support
of his v eir ol the case.
Mr. L> -iiiias insisted that under the law
Ju'lge Slack, sitting as Chancellor, may
not enter. am this equitable delense as it
is presented by Miss Fair.
The foundation of an action in chan
cery lies in the allegation of the orator
that there exists no speedy or adequate
remedy at law. The moment the Chan
cellor learns that an action atlaw is pend
ing, wherein the 9anie facts are :>et up, the
Chancellor says to the person : "Your alle
gation in regard to an equitable deieuse
is untrue and, therefore, my jurisdiction
in chancery vanishes."
Mr. Delmas insisted that under the
original condition of the pleadings tbe
representatives of the Fair estate bad am
ple opportunity for relief; that all they
had to do was to prove the deeds forgeries
and the jury would give a verdict for the
01:107 side, and that would end the case
forever. Judgment on .hat verdict would
give the other claimants as absolute relief
as if the deed^ had been ordered delivered
up and consumed to ashes. 'Why then
this appeal to chancery?" asited the
speaker, and be replied thai there was
nothing in it; that "you cannot appeal to
chancery ; you cannot transfer the former;
you cannot deprive the litigant of bis
rignt of trial by jury wnen the action at
law will be just as efficacious as in chan
cery." In conclusion Mr. Delmaß said
that until a case can be found or a deci
sion can be cited to the contrary ne would
respectfully submit that his argument has
not been answered.
Judge Slack remarked thr.t he had noth
ing to add to hrs former decision. He
overrule I the demurrers interposed by
Delmas & Shortridge and allowed one day
in which to answer.
Mr. Delmas replied that the answer
would be filed within an hour, in order
tbat the proceedings might not be de
layed. It had been remarked in some
quarters that be and his associates had
sought for delay. This was untrue. In
reply to the court's suggestion that an
appeal might be taken from the present
ruling Mi. D?lruas said that such appeals
might indefinitely put off the trial. He
recalled the fate of the Blytbe case that
was begun in 1884 and Is now just reach
ing the threshold of ihe United States Su
preme Court. He did not like the pros
pect.
It was agreed tbat on the 12th inst. ar
gument shall be heard in regard to calling
a jury to assist the Chancellor as to spe
cial findines of fact, and that the trial of
the case shall beein on the 19th inst. ■
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Horse Lodge of the Order of Odd Fel
lows Will Celebrate Its Twentieth
Anniversary Next Month.
Morse Lodge No. 257, 1. 0. 0. F., of which Dr.
Carlson Is noble grand, has appointed a com
mittee of arrangements to prepare for the cele
bration of the twentieth anniversary of the
lodge, which falls on Wednesday, the sth of
next May. The committeo Is J. J. Richards,
chairman; J. Sampson, P. G. ; C. Brlnd, P. G.;
Vice-Grand Stevens, and J. M. Wilson, P. g!
The committee has decided to give an enter
tainment, at which will be presented a care
fully arm- ged programme of music and fpe
cialties. Tne following numbers havi- alrekuy
bee:i arranged: Keniiith MiLeod and Edward
Burroughs in scenes from the legitimate-
Messrß. Taison and Hathwell in their famous
"Musicnl Tramps" skeich; Massen, the wot -
derful imitator, will give an exhibition of his
skill; Mr. Adolpli, the old-time fnvorlte wi 1
make his appearance; Robert £chafft will'eive
a vocal selection , Proiessor Welche, a maudo
lin solo: Master George Richards will periorm
on the violin, and Master Tnomas Rilev will
sing sentimental songs. Between numbers i he
Golden Gale orchestra will discourse sweet
music. " l '
La Estrella'g Tea aurt Concert.
The Japanese tea, concert and entertain
ment given last evening in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' bnlidiug was one 01 the most
charming functions yet given by that pro
gressive parior, La Estrella, Native Daughters
of the Golden West.
The hall was decorated in accordance with
™! most anistlc ideas of the l.nd of the
Mikado. There were lanterns, flags and bunt
ing of the colors most prevalent in the Orient,
lho stage was set In accordance with the
iJP«"" c costume, and overhead were branches
of peach blossoms -«hatea twined a motto in
r^ a Xl' hlch , 0116 ot th « young ladies sai.i
read The Mar." which is the nearest that me
Japanese language can express Estrella.
,>%.. , oneol the most charmiug features was
7.V V? win . g-namea young ladles, who were
attired in the most exquisite robjs that could
be procured fiom the land where the sun
rises. Miss Helen Kruse, Miss Stephanl Cha-
X?,*' Miss Minnie X eversahi, Miss May Bantry,
Miss % a \! h Maunder, Miss Julia Varselin, Miss
TiliiefcchemanskJ, Miss Birdie Hartman. Miss
illlie Kothman and Miss Laura Champion.
Ine most exquisite of the costumes was worn
Of Miss Kruse, a tall brunette. It was rose
colortdslllc with light blue sash, the whole
arranged in that style that makes the cos
tumes of Japanese ladies attractive.
ihere was presented a very attractive pro
gramme. There was a piano duet by the
Misses Noble; vocal solo, Miss T. Schemanskt:
cornet solo, 'The Holy city," M. Greenan; vo
cal solo, Mamie Gianetti, eg.'J t> years; vocal
duet, Mrs. Middleton and Mrs. Foulks; selec
tions on the miindolin by H. Patton and R
Dolph; vocal solo, Mr. Quarrie. This whs U>i
lowed oy "The Greatest i'iague in Life," a one.
act farce, in which Miss Rose Howard. Edith
MHunder, Ailce Maunder, Emma FenstOw
m icier, Mrs. A. Bennett. Miss Erne Urijuhari
MissTottie Pnillips and Mrs. Lillian C«rt|
took pan. The last named assumed the eh*-.
acter, played her part well, and was the livi:, ?
image 01 t:ie pictures of the colored dam«=
seen on th'. v dead«alls of the City. The enter.
talnment closed with a dance. During th«
evening ma. was serve i in tiny cups by the
young ladi-a in costume. Thts most success
ful affair will be repealed to-night.
Social Council, Chosen Friends.
On Thursday evening Social Council Xo. 4(>
of the Order of Chosen Friends held an open
meeting tor the benefit of friends and ac
quaintances in Washington Hall, Red Men's
bu.liing. The hall was comfortably filled
with an audience that was treated to a very
pleasing programme arranged by Mrs. Katie
A. Adams (chairman) and Mrs. Gabrina, Mrs.
UagCHs and Me§srs. baker. White and Goode'.l
of the committee on entertainment. Th re
whs a whistling solo by Miss Ectna Baulsir,
vocal duet by Miss McGuireand Miss Brnse
ca 1 , vocal solo by Mis> McCormack, fancy
dance by Tillie Erb, vocal solo by Miss Mamio
bhutller, and then a C'>medieita, entiilei!
"Fast Friends." in which Miss Daisy Place
ar.peared as Laura Latimer and Miss Miible
Thompson as Kdiih Hamilion. Tnen followed
a dance until midniglu. During the evening
the OOatiCil wbs visited by Grand Councilor
isoehm, Grand Recorder S. C. Wallis, Supremo
Representative Savaee a:.d several members
of Evans Council. Short addresses were made
by the craud councilor and the supreme repre
sent alive.
~ Laurel Lodge, Knights of Pythia«. Q
Laurel Lodge No. 4. Knights of Pythias, at
its meeting bed last Monday elected the fol
lowing nnmed representatives to the Grant
Lodee. whiih is to meet in Hartford: Georgo
H. WiJfe ami John Dern, with li. Isenberg and.
£. Ulniaii as ni.-rmi.e-.
BOWDOIN MOVES A POINT
The Merritt Millions in the
Federal Supreme
Court.
A Motion to Dismiss the Merritt
Heirs' Appe.il Will Bi Argued
in May.
There is a big legal battle on over the
BowdoinColleee case,wherein the nephews
of the late Millionaire Merritt of Oakland.
are struggling hard to get a good share of
the property.
The contest has been on for some years
in the United States Circuit Court, and is
now on nppeai to the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals. Attorneys and
stenographers are busy preparing the
record, which is voluminous already.
Colonel Costigan, clerk of the Circuit
Court, took an inventory of the data in
the erse yesterday and found they made
wheelbarrow loads. Stenographers are
still busy, and by the time the recoris
are complete Janitor T. B. Morton of the
Appraisers' building wiil have a ta>k in
removing them to the precincts presided
over by Clerk Moncton of the Court of
Appeals.
"We have been served with a notice
that an attempt will be made to have our
appeal dismissed on technical grounds,"
said Attorney Horace Philbrook yester
day.
The entire matter will be argued before
the Supreme Court of the United Staieson
M>y 3. The contention is that Judge Me-
Kenna did not sign the certificate of ap
peal within the ti me prescribed bylaw,
and that the omission is of so grave a
character as to nullify all the procee lings.
If the Supreme Court takes the position
assumed by Attorney Hayne the case will
remain as it has already been decided.
Townsexd's glace fruits are crown and prt
pared in California. Try them. Palace Hotel.
Noemi Saumon, a middle-aged woman ar
rested for shopiitting in Paris, went off in a fit
when sho arrived at the station and an in
spector tried to revive her by applying smell
ing sails to her nose. The woman remained
in a state of coma and showed no signs of re
turning to consciousness. Then the inspector
tweaked her by the nose, and to his horror
that organ came off In his hands, being mad*
of papier mache.
Fpectal information daily to manufacturers,
business nouses and public men by the Prow
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
"I'd like to know how you can figure out
that the Nevada prize-fight bill Is unconstitu
tional."
"Easy enough. It tends to abbreviate free
speech."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Route.
Three and One-half D ys to
Chicago or St Louis— Four
and One-half liars to
New York.
Leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 5 y. it., connection Is made at Karsto v with the
famous Uanlu Ke limited train. Dluing-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. 'Ihe handsomest train on earth—
equipment and appointments faultless. Dailjr
through sleeping-cars, both palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chlcngo. Tickets also sold via
Ogden. Portland, .Mojave, Los Angeles, Deming or
Ei Paao, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Maritet
street. Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1631.
Railroarl Ticket, to the Eiit via Rio
Grande Western and Denver aud
Rio t-rnnde Railway*,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist steeping- car service ever/ da y.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt Lake City on a 1 classes of tickets
Detailed Information and tickets furnished at 14,
Montgomery street, or 314 California strej^
Chang" of 'lime.
Taking effect March 28. ihe Northern Paciflo
overland train will leave Portland at 11a. m. In
stead of 1 p. ii., thus making connection ax Spo
kane for all points In the uew Kootenai mining
district. Tickets at lowest rates to Ross! ant,
North port ami Trail. T. K. Stateler, geumal
agent, 638 aiarlcet street, Pan Francisco.
A SI.IOTIT COt-D, IF N'ERMiCTKD, OITEX AT
TACKS thk LfNos. " JSroicn's Jtronchial Troche*"
give immediate and effectual relief.
Colds, caused by the sudden changes of temper
ature at this season of the year, make Ayer 1 *
Cherry Pectoral indispensable.
"What are 'four s>-us?' " asked the boarder
who had found the expression in a novel.
• The four C's," explained the Cheerful Idlat,
"are Crete, Cuba and Carson City."— lndian*
apolls Journal.
JTEW TO-DATJ
Absolutely Pure. ,
Celebrated : tor it treat icave..i strength arid
heal thrul ness. Assures the tood against aluul anJ
all lorms of adul.erat.on common to the che^j
brands. . : .■' ■ ■••■.. "
> kuyal Bakins I'owMß Co.. Vor*.SATURDAY APKIL ll>, 1«97
AMUSEMENTS.
"-win Theatkk —"Merchant of Venice"
and ■' Kaiherlue and Petruchlo. '
California Ihkatkb.-"L» Navarralse."
Columbia Thkatkr For Fair Virginia."
Moboscos Opera-Hots* -• The stowaway."
A i-cazab Thkatkb Wild Oats '
Tivoli Opeba Horsß. Don Juan."
Obi-heum.— UlKb-Class Vaudeville.
Y. M. C, A. Auditorium, corner Mason and Ellis
street Lecture, by Mr. Henry A. Butlers.
Cintbal Park.— Basetntl.
1-UHLiNE BATHS.-Salt Water Bathing, etc
tiTi-u Baths— Bathins and t erformances.
The ijivtks AND Skatino Rink— Dally at
limghl btrcet, one block efcst of the Par*.
L^JiLAjyD Rack Track.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ex. Campo—Muslc, Dancing, Boating, Fishing.
very Sunday.
Mi ell M.OUSD Park.— Picnic to-morrow.
ALCTION tALLS.
J -v FFANK V. I VTTKV.WIKL.D— This dAV. April
10, Furniture, at 417 Third *t-, at 11 o'clock.
By G. 11. I'mrsen A Co.— his evening, April
10, Real Estate. la the City of Stockton.
1 y 1 a l -! n 4 I-ldridqk.— Tuesday, April 13,
Real Estate, at U3S Market street, at I' 2 o'c.ock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Georgia Cayvau arrived ia the City yester
day.
Cinderella Coover has sued lor a divorce
from Arthur Coover.
The City will not pay lor Delinquent Tax
Collector Wide Us' typewriter.
P>ir Saturday; nrobably cooler Saturday
afternoon — W. 11. Hammon, forecast official.
The testimonial benefit tendered to Horrn
Felix Ollert lust night wds a decided success.
Mayor Phelan and three Supervisors will
rej resent the City at the Pure Food Congress.
Mrs. Jane Stanford has had her Life insured
for * 1,000,000 ior the benefit of the i?t:iniord
University.
The monthly exhibition of the Floral Society
was. held yesterday at the Maple Room of the
l'aiace Hotel.
The Burns Monument Association held a
meeting last evening to arrange for the Cale
donian games.
The carnival project has been abandoned.
Tit. s was decided on by the executive com
mittee last night.
Ineleside, Bliss, Rucker, Bernardillo, Haz
ard, Soniro and Dunboy wow the winners at
Kmeryviile yesterday.
The annuab election of the Bohemian Club
will take place :uxt Monday. So lar there is
only one ticket in the field.
A five-year-old boy nam-d Willie Rogers was
kicked by a norte on Minna street, and his
injuries are very daneerons.
Noah Brooks, an old-time Californian »nd a
newspaper man oi National renown, is vi»iting
familiar places in San Francisco.
Policeman Clark has arrested a tramp
known as P. A. Mickey, whom he suspects to
be the murderer of Jot Manning.
Jndee Seawell will decide the question as to
the guardianship of little Eflie Holstrom next
Wedne-dav afternoon at '2 o'clock.
Anibroise Thomas' opera o* "Hamlet" was
perfornß-1 for tne first time in this City last
night for the benefit of Henri Albers.
The Bowdoin College case, involving the
Merritt millions, is now in the United States
Supreme Court, and will be argued in May.
Auditor Broderict says that he will not
audit the demands of Special Attorney
Dunne's salary out of the urgent necessity
fund.
A dinner commemorative of the surrender
at Appinnattox was given at the Presidio Club
last night. General Forsyih was the chief
guest.
The Grand Jury yesterday resumed the in
vestigation of City ana County Hospital miin-
Recnient under tne lute superintendence of
Dr. Stahle.
The work on the Balboa boulevard Is still
progressing and th» relief committee is hope
lul of receiving sufficient money to complete
the enterprise.
Mrs. (.."reven has won her main point by
securing a promise of a speedy trial of the
suit Instituted against her by the representa
tives of the Fair estate.
The residents of the new Potrero, represent
ing 200 families with 400 school children, pe
titioned the Board oi Education for a school
building for their district.
A conference wns held yesterday between
the executive committee of tne Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association and the committee
on the Pure Food Congress.
The San Franei'co Labor Council is much
embittered over its clniiu that Police Commis
sioner Gunst and the Union Iron Works have
shown themselves enemies o: labor unions.
The trial of the suit of Angus and others
ngainst Mrs. Nettie R. Craven will begin on
the 10m iust. unless the atorneys for the
Fair estate nre sb;e to think of some new
ground for furtner delay.
Amy McDonald and Lizzie Furlong, two
young g:rl~ who ran away :rom their homes In
Oakland, were arrested by Secretary Hoibrook
of the Eureka Society for the Prolectiou of
Children iv an Elih-s;rcet house yesterday.
Mary Curdy and Francois Curdy, her hus
band, have sued Harris Arendt and Joseph N.
Arendt, constituting the firm of H. Arendt <t
Co.. to quiet title to real estate at the north
easterly corner of Dupcnt and Sacramento
streets in this City.
The C. M. Depew Riverside Window Com
pany has oeeu incorporated by Charles M.
Depew, E. W. llawley, Louis Proll, W. H.
Depew and John J. Van Nosirand, with a cap
ital stock of $50,000, all of which has been
actually subscribed.
A large body of Southern Pacific traffic and
commercial agents is now engaged In making
a tour of the siirhem part of the fctaie. and
will gather in business and social intercourse
at >fonterey on Tuesday and continue their
session for three or four days.
A sceclal meeting for women will be held at
the Young 'Women's Christian Association
headquHriers, 1221 O'harrell street, bet ueen
• iougn and Octavia, to-morrow at 3 o'cloct.
Mrs. M. P. Flyun of Los Angeles will give the
Bible reading. The meeting is open to all
women.
F. V. Greenwood, George D. Greenwood and
Fred A. Greenwood, exer-utors of the estate ot
Monroe Greenwood, deceased, have sued
Susmii Vincent Wynkoop for $208 ' JO said to
be due for a street assessment for work done
on Army street from Kentucky street to Penn
sylvania avenue.
The Olympic Clnb Wheelmen announce that
if their protent against the Bay City riders' re
cent victory in the century relay'is decided
diversely iney will In future events of this,
kind vio;ate the rules themselves in order to
Win. The prot-st will hi heard this evening
by the board of governors of the Associated
Cycling Clubs.
It is said that the Emoeror of Russia re
ceived over 500 threatening letters tjrior to
his jour-pv t.i F snee.
KEY TO-DAT.
$2¥s2!T
X* St pi i •
jfc2^ :■_ Electric
One of • ' Roltc
Cnr Customers. WVllUl
We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
selling for $4O to $sO;v*^
■ $4 TO S2S.
BALVANIC OR FARADIG BATTERIES.
We are Agents for a Dry- Batter/ that is far
ahead of any in the market. Call and see it.  ,. *;■'.
75c TRUSSES.
We have an immense stock and guarantee a
perfect ti.. ■. r ' ; ■ . - - (
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Just arrived. See them in
our window. .. .-.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
9SB 3VXA.x-lx.ot Street,
■ Bouth bide, bet. fiftll and sixth. j
TAHITI IS ONCE
MORE AT PEACE
Queen Mamae and Her Ad
visers Exiles in New
Caledonia.
The Frenca Are Making the
Rebels Build Roads Through
the Islands.
More Trouble on the Schooner Ma
weema, Bound From Here for
V.adivostock.
The war in Tahiti it over. A3 told ex
clusively in The Call, the natives in
Raiatea and Hanheine and other islands
rose in rebellion and Queen Mamie led
her warriors to the contest. The French
were fought to a standstill time and again,
but in spite of all repulses they gained
ground steadily and finally suDdued the
natives. The Queen was captured, and is
now a prisoner in New Caledonia.
Those who accompanied the Queen into
exile were Te Kaupo, his cUef lieutenant
and sir others. Two hundred and fifty of
the combatants who were not sent into
exile were set to work building crossroads
leaaing into the hills and otherwise mak
ing preparations for the handy working of
the troops in the event of another oat
break. Forts have been built along the
new road, and the soldiers expect to be
able to subdue the next insurrection inside
of a week.
The schooner Maweema, bound to Yladi
vostock, is having a hard time of it at
Main-street wharf. "While loading some
of her flour cargo got wet and Hawiey
Bros, had to put in a new consignment.
When this was put in the hold the insur
ance men discovered that the vessel was
overloaded. Then an attempt was made
to unload the salt beef, and a couple of
barrels burst aud ruined the entire con
signment oi flour. Ail of yesterday John
Wliitney, the stevedore, was busy resa. k
ing the flour and restowing the big
schooner, in order to satisfy Gutte <fc
Frank, the insurance agents, who have
the risk on the vpssel and cargo. Cap
tains Metcalf and Waison are looking after
the work of resiowing, and it is safe to say
that when the Maweema sails for V.adivo
stock next, week >he will be a safe risk.
The rival steamers Portion a and Hum
boldt are an evenly matched pair. Both
vessels run from Eureka to San Francisco,
and last Thursday both boats llett t within
an Hour of each other. The Pomona won
the race by el"yen minutes, wl.ich goes to
show mat it is a standoff i. etwees; the two.
The Humboldt is a. brand new vessel an i
has not yet reached her full speed, while
the .Pomona is one of the best steamers in
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
fleet.
I. Abrams, the well-known and popular
water front salesman, is about to make a
lour of the Arctic. The trip is mainly for
pleasure, but Mr. Abraras is also going to
Combine business wiih it and incidentally
wi.l bay up all the otter skins thai are
offering in the Alaskan market.
The Monowa; made her hist run from
Honolulu to Sun Francisco in record time.
Hitherto she has not been noted for speed,
but on this occasion -he made the run
from Honolulu In 6 days 15 hours — a rec
ord trip lor her. On The way down and
under the most favorable circumstances
tne Monowai Has mp.de the run in ti days
lli hours. Chief Enginetr McCai^ ia con
tinent that the new steamer Moana will
make the run easily in six days.
The work of recovering the bullion that
went into tlie bay when the bunoi turned
turtle is steadily propres^np. In all 108
bars, valued at over $cO"iO. have been re
cover d, and the diver is still hard at
wort. Each bar weighs over 100 p-junds,
so it can be imagined that moving 100 of
them in thirty feet of water is no easy job.
The French steamer Madeleine will go
on the drydock to-day for an overhauling.
Her machinery and iittinqs have been put
in good shape by the Riadon Iron Works,
and now the hull is to be cleaned and put
in order at. Hunters Point.
The North Pacific Coast Company's
Tamalpais had a narrow escape from go
ing to the bottom last Thursday night.
Her deadlights were left open, and during
the night she heeled over until the water
rushed in. The watchman discovered the
leak in time, and the steamer was run on
the mudflats before any periou^ damage
was done. Later in the day the Tamal
pais was Dumped out and returned to her
mooring.
Twieg, the boatbuilder, is about to
launch a smart little gasoline boat for Sen
ator Reed of Oregon. She is a little larger
than the Amy, owned by Henry Peterson,
and will run regularly on the Umrqr.a
River, as well as making pleasure excur
sion! with Senator Reed and his friends.
W. Pennock and his sixty recruits will
leave for Alaska on the steam schooner
Albion to-morrow. Pennock is an Oak
land man and last year he located a rich
placer nr.ne, so he says, in Cooks Inlet.
He and his sixty companions bare taken
with them 200 tons of provision* and ex
pect to come back with sixty fortune*.
AFTER GUNST'S SCALP.
The Labor Council Cairns He
Is Agent for Tenement-
Made Goods.
The Union Also Arrayed Against
Alleged Employment of
Japan*
At last nieht's session of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council a letter was read
which had been sent to the Los Angeles
council by Police Commissioner Gunst, in
which he denied that he handles tene
ment-made goods. The local council
claims to have in its posses ion proofs
that Kerbs, Wenheim & Schiffer, whose
goods are handled by Gunst, are em
ployers of tenement labor. Accordingly
the secretary *as instructed to send to
the Los Angeles council fulier informa
tion on the subject, gleaned by the Cigar
makers' Union.
The minutes of the Los Angeles council
also contained the statement that a com
mittee of three had been appointed to wait
on John Hanlon, contractor : on the Gov
ernment buildintr, and endeavor to in
duce him to withhold all orders for struct
ural iron from the Union Iron Work?,
wb.ch is the lowest bidder, on account of
the claim , made that the work- in ques
tion employs fifty Japanese. The secre
tary, was instructed to send to the Los An
gclei council further inlormation in the
matter, to include the statement that the
Union Iron Works discriminates against
union labor, and discharges every man
ascertained to belong to a union. Secre
tary Rosenberg was also authorized to
communicate with the Secretary of the
Navy/ -'■ -•. ■ '•'. .
The Musicians' . Union reported that the
SpreckeSs Market and the lloyal Cream
ery and Butler Company have discharged
their non-union men and employed
union musicians, but that the New Cream-
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10. 1897.
Erie, at 7:25 Market street, and the Cali
fornia Market continue to employ non
union men. Complaint was also made
against the Orpheum Annex as employ
ing a non-union band. The executive
committee was instructed to visit the
managers of the Orpheum, and try to in
duce them to employ union musicians in
its band.
Tlie Typographical Union reported 'hat
the Allied Printing Trades is gaining more
and more favor with the public and that
a large number of jobs given to offices not
entitled to the label have been withdrawn
and - . yen to those so entitled.
C. E. Hawkes resigned as a member of
the executive committee, as he is one of a
committee selected by the International
Typographical Union to meet at Indian
apolis and study up a plan that will result
in a nine-hour day ior ail compositors in
tiie country. He will go to that city
shortly. The vacancy was filled by the
e'ection of D. G. Poole. J. Henuegan was
elected on the auditing committee, vice
A. Herne, resigned.
A new delegate was al.'O received and
seated, Sidney Cbidley. representing the
Scenic Painters of America.
THE OLLEfiT TESTIMONIAI
Herr Felix OUert'l Benefit Wat a
Thorough Success.
The testimonial benefit tendered to
Herr Felix Ollert at the Y. M. C. A.
building last night was a decided success.
The star of the evening wa< Hprr Ollert,
whose excellent playing brought down the
house. His rendering of Nicode's Taran
telle No. 13 and the "Valse de Concert,"
Wieniawski, were particularly- well done.
M.ie. Christine Sabaruque's aria from
Mej-erbeer'a "Robert the l)ev 1" served to
show to excellent advantage her clear and
sweet soprano voice. She was repented ly
encored. A whistling solo by Miss Mary
Gray was especially pleasing. On account
<«f M ss Ida Brown's illness Miss Liliiim
Boldelehl sane Donizetti* "L.9t Me Love
Thee." Miss M. C. Schreiber and Herr
01 lerl played a duet for two pianos, ''Sabet
a Pestle," in the spirit and manner the
music demanded.
MERCHANTS PREPARING
FOR INCREASE OF TARIFF
New York Firms Stocking
Their Ware
houses.
For the past several months we have
heard a great deal about the tariff meas
ure. Newspapers have filled their columns
with tic matter; the question was dis
cussed in the streets, at the fireside, at the
banquet-table.
Merchants racked their brains trying to
solve the problem. Wholesalers and man
ufacturers had their nerves s;rained to a
high pitch; it meant thousands of dol
lars if they could anticipate the turn.
To firms dealing exclusively in woolen
fabrics, the question was of vital import
ance. There was no lime :o theorize.
Hnsty action was to be taken.
No one realized this better than the
enterprising firm of S. N. Wood & Co.,
known as the Columbian Woolen M..1-.
The wires were kept hot carrying con
fidential information to the headquarters
of this firm, 18 and 20 Astor place, New
York.
Tne climax was at last reached when
the Government received in one day over
$2,000,000 for goods taken from bond. The
situaiion became critical. The financial
manager of the firm of S. N. Wood <fe Co.
telegraphed for M. Wood to report at New
York immediately. Obeying instructions
he !efi the next day. On his arrival in
New York the heads of this great firm de
cided to immediately withdraw their in
voices from bond; no chances were to be
taken.
Their banks were called upon for heavy
accommodations; the situation necessi
tated a demand for ready capital. .Like
many a New "York firm they stocked their
warehouses to overflowing, and a, so loaded
their San Francisco houses to the very
doors.
In order to meet the obligations of the
various banks Ben jimirj \Vood, one of the
Eastern manager- 1 , was ordered on to San
Francisco to raise sufficient ready capital
to be prepared for all emergencies in this
great tariff question.
Mr. B. Wood was interviewed by one
of our reporters and pave a glowing
description of the situation.
• He said the outlook for the coining
season is biigbt and cheerful. The mills
are wonting night and uj.v ail over the
East. Tbc commission men have ac
cepted orders that will keep most mills
busy way into July.
Mr. Wood has decided to inaugnrate a
great sale of clotuing, and ever since his
arrival has been briny making preoara
tions. Everything in their house will
be marked down one half, ana he will
continue the sile until sufficient money
ca- been realized to meet all obligations.
The sale will commence next Monday
mornine promptly at 8 o'clock, and will
be li-kl at their downtown More only.
541 Market street.
There are about 1500 theater« in Europe.
Italy possesses most.
JEFFRIES PUTS
VAN TO SLEEP
His Trip- Hammer Blows
Too Much for the
Olympian.
Two Rounds Enough for These
Giants to Settle Their
Dispute.
Aft.T the Battle It Was Fouad That
Van Buskirk Had Ben
Serionsly Injured.
This man Jeffries can hit.
Attest: Theodore Van Bufkirk, the
Olympic Club heavy-weight, who once
had hopes that he would some day fight
for the world's chain Dionship. Van's jaw
collided with tne Los Angeles giant's
mighty right last night at the People's
Palace. Then there was another colli-ion,
but that was the meeting of the defeated
athlete's limp aii'i quivering form and the
resinedj floor. Five thousand people saw
Van Buskirk decisively relegated to the
back-number class, and from 5000 throats
roared the prophesy that Jeffries is the
rising star in the championship horizon.
Jeffries consumed a round and a half in
blighting the aspirations of Van B'iskirk.
He really accomplished that feat with the
very first blow he delivered in the con*
test — which was a veritable Fitzstmmons
heart punch, and had the effect of tem
porarily paralyzing Van Buskirk's entire
working system, but the leviathan from
the citrus belt was as much surprised as
was the Olympian, and when he did wake
up Van Bu-kirkha.i sufficiently recovered
to partially defend him e lf.
tie was given an unmerciful drubbing,
however, before the round closed. Van
Buskirk distinguished himselt In last
night's battle in only one respect, and
tbat was by his pluck in staying with
what be must have known was a hopeless
proposition.
He landed but one blow of consequence
on his opponent's anatomy. Tbat was a
right cross on Jeffries' jaw, a fairly stiff
one at that, but even then it was one «.f
thoie desperate swings which a fighter
resorts lo when he is pinned against the
ropes.
Th* finishing touches were a ripping
left from Jeffries, which landed in the
Olympian's abdomen, and a crushing
righthander en the j:iw. It was a com
plete knockout.
There were three events on the pro
gramme.
The big fight was late, due to Van Bus
kirk, who was an hour behind time. Van
Buskirk was attendel by Vincent White,
John Morgan and Frank Rafael. Jef
fries'satellites were Billy Delaney, Billy
Woods, Danny Needham and Jack Wil
liamson.
Little time was lost in gettinc ready.
There was the usunl inaugural fiddling
and cautious sparring for an opening when
the men met in the center. Both evinced
a liking for toe-dancing and ski] ped with
about the nimbleness of trained eiephants
at a circus. Van Buskirk soon saw an
opening and rushed, a; the same lima aim
ing his let for Jeffries' head.
The Los Ang.-les man cleverly ducked
under the blow. The men collided like
two ireiL-htcars, and us they did JVffriea
shot his left into Van Buskirk's lower ribs
under the heart. As they broke apart
Van Buskirk was seen to be reeling and
on the verge of tailing to the floor. There
was an expression of pain on his face and
he seemed to have lost the power to raise
his arms or move about.
In a second his attendant! raised th*
cry that a foul blow had been delivered
and jumpine into the ring saved their
man from fulline. For a moment pande
monium reigned throughout the place.
"JJo foul, said Referee Hiram Cook,
shaking his bead, and then he ordered
the seconds out ot the ring.
And all this time Jeffries stood looking
oi> with an expression of astonishment on
his countenance and had apparently for
gotten that he was one of the principals
in the contest.
When be did finally return to the at
tack Van Buskirk was nearly himself
aga.n and was lighting desperately.
Jeffries began sending some crushing
lett-handers into the German's wind, now
and then varying with a roorly aimed
right for the bead, but Van Buskirk was
plucky and showed no signs of weakening.
It was evident to all, though, tbat barring
a chance blow he was a defeated man.
The battle ended in the next round.
Jeffries opened with another of those
punishing lefts in the wind, and followed
it with still another that fairly doubled
up his man. A clinch followed, and in
the breakaway Jeffries delivered a right
on Van's left optic that left it puffed up
like a tomato.
Jeffries now followed his man about the
rinc, swinging right and left viciously,
bat really missing more blows than he
landed. He drove Van Buskirk to the
ropes with a left jab in the throat, and
before the big Olympian could regain his
balance Jeffries' left landed with a swish
into the wind.
This doubled Van and brought his head
forward. Jeffries saw his chance and de
livered the knockout blow with bis light
on the jaw.
Of the two "little" fights which pre
ceded the main event, the meeting be
tween the lightweights, Maxwell and
Morrisey, was the only one worth looking
at. It lasted three rounds and ended in a
knockout. It took Morri&ey's reconas
fully Live minutes to restore him to con
sciousness.
The other fisht was between Homer Mc-
Coy and Henry Slater. How McCoy ever
got the idea in his head that he was a
pugilist it is difficult to divine. S.ater
played with him lor about half a round,
and then began to hit hard. McCoy
wante ' none of that, so he laid down and
pretended that he was knocked out, for
which he was roundly hissed by the spec
tators.
Van Buskirk Injured.
After Van Buskirk left the ring last
night he complained of a severe pain in
his right side. He was taßen to the Yo
s-mite House, and there examined by Dr.
Lus'.ig. The physician found that the
athlete had sustained a hernia. Whether
this was caused by a blow or by a strain,
the doctor wa3 unable to <ay which. Van
1! r-Kirk clams that it was tne blow that
Jeffries delivered in tne beginning of the
contest, and says further that it was a foul
blow at thai.
NOAH BROOKS IN TOWN.
An 0 d-Timo Newspaper Man of
California Revisiting Fa
miliar Places.
He Kn:w Abraham Lincoln Well
From 1856 Until th? Mournful
Day of April, 1865
Noah Brooks of New YorK, an old-time
Californian, a newspaper man of National
celebrity and a gifted contributor to re
cent literature of Abraham Lincoln, is in
Ban Francisco. He was here sixteen years
ago, but this is his first visit since.
Mr. Brooks was at the Bohemian Club
yesterday chatting about old times in
California with Uncle George Bromley and
telling anecdotes of Bret Harte, Mark
Twain, Isaac Bromley, Sam Williams,
Ben A very and Sam Bowles. Many
dinners, and good ones, Mr. Brooks has
had with men who figured largely in the
newspaper field of the United States. He
is an entertaining taker on many lines
and profoundly interesting when speak
ing of Lincoln, with whom he was well
acquainted many years before the great
Pretident was ever thought of for the
Presidency.
In 18.6 Noah Brook* was the editor
of tne Dixon (111.) Telegraph. He
attended many ot the raeeiines of the
Fremont campaign, which were addressed
by Abraham Lincoln. Later on Mr..
Jirooks came to California and engaged in
the newspaper business at Marysville.
He went East acain immediately after
the first election of Lincoln and became
the war correspondent ol the Sacramento
Union. After the war he returned to
California and serve*) a term as Naval
Officer of tbe Port of San Francisco. He
was an editorial writer on the Alta Cali
fornia from 1866 siniil 1871. Among his
colleagues on me Alta were M. G. Upton
and Colonel John C. Cremony.
Subsequently Mr. Brooks went East
aeain and was engaged on tbe staff of the
New York Tribune. He was on the New
York Times also for many years doing
j newsp aper duty as an editorial writer.
I For a time Mr. Brooks was editor of the
Newark Daily Advertiser, a journal which
was established so Jong ago tha it pub
lished Washington's farewell address as a
matter of news.
When Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated in
1861 Noah Brooks had the good fortune to
know the Presiduni as an intimate friend,
and so the correspondent soon became
familiar with the Cabinet officers of that
time.
Mr. Brooks' recent contributions to the
Century bring to the public light many
interesting scenes at the White House
during tbat memorable period. To use a
modern expression it may be said that
Noah Brooks was slated for the position of
Lincoln's private secretary for the second
term.
Mr. Brooks will remain in and about
San Francisco for two or thrae weeks. He
expects to go-to-day with Governor Budd
ana others to view from Mount Tamalpais
the rising of the sun Sunday morning.
Owing to his long experience as a writer
on morning newspapers, he will be able
to keep awake until dawn without the
slightest fatigue.
Found in Town Talk.
The latest and freshest criticisms of the
week's doings in social, political, musical and
stag* circles are found In to-day's Town Talk.
"Man In His Variety" is dissected by a mem
ber ot the local Four Hundred, ana the fiction
of the number is, as usuni, entertainingly
written. Litterateurs will be interested in the
book reviews, which are a feature of this
bright weekly, and musical people wtll find a
careful and critical analysis of runners
melodic in the department devoted to chords
and discords. The Saunterer is the author of
several clever stories. •
Improvement of the Wasp.
The W»sp appears with a new cover and in
an entirely new dress this week, which add
immensely to its attractiveness. It presents
several interesting snap shots of prominent
citizens this week, the new Harbor Commis
sioner and a well-known member of the Italian
colony being among the number. Its '-Old
Maid's Diary" and the "Mulrooney Letters,"
descriptive of the ambitions of local politi
cians, are most amusing this week. Th-.- edi
torials are crisp and timely, the manufacturer!
KEW TO-DAT.
Schilling's Best
Pound Half-pound
Japan 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast 60 •30
Oolong 75 4 o
Ceylon 80 40 '■ '
Blend $1-25 65
Money-back tea
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
T| ITTT' AT Properly prepared and
|\/| I""* i\ I promptly served, can
IV I I >A± Xl— / always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the nA T A /^T?
Most Popular PA A I * X
Dining Apart- , * ';^VJ-r^l. V-IJ-J
ment in town. ' wmammmmammmmmammmsmm
QOOOOOOOOOOOO
Baj a California
Dam iana Bitters
18 } A I'UWEUFCL - AFUKODISIAO S AND
specific tonic tor the sexual 'and urinary organs
of both sexes, and it great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys : and' bladder. A great RestoraUYe,
111 vlßoratur and Nervine. ' Sells on Its own Merits; '
no long-winded tejitimonlals neceasarr-
>AUKK, ALtS & HUVHK, Agent*.
323 Market ; St., ; S. ;*.— (Seadj tor Circular)
and venders oC impure food being touched up
in vigorous style. Ttieie i« also hii .-nicle on
the medical fraternity, which will be read by
prncutioners In general wi:h imprest Ana
journal of illustration ana comment the Wasp
cannot be excelled.
GIFTED MEN TO SPEAK.
A Choice Programme* Is Now Being;
Arranged for the Pure-Food
Congress. ' .
The execotire committee of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association and
the committee on the parc- food congress
, held. a conference in the Mills building
yesterday. Present were Messrs. Kerr,
Keller, Brown, Filcher, Rowley, Sonntag
and Jacobs.
£. N. Rowley, the committee en speakers
on subjects, reported that he had cor
responded with a great many people in
the interior of the State, and in general
had received favorable answers. The
Mayor and President Jordan of Stanford
University have both been invited %o i ad
dress the congress, and both have signified
their acceptance.
Dr. WLliamson of the Board of Health
has been appjinted to represent thai body
in an address; J. W\ Kerr will make an
address on behalf of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, and Pro
fessor Hilgard of Berkeley will speaic in
behalf o! the University of California.
Frank A. Kirabali of National City will
read an essay on the culture of olive oil
and its adulteration.
A delegation will be present from Ihe
Board o! Supervisors of San Diego County.
Mr. Jacobs.as chairman of the committee
on invitations, statea that he had received
acceptances from the Board of Supervis
ors of Santa Barbara, Sai* Jose, Santa
Cruz, Stockton and Orange counties to be
preseut at lhe congre-a.
Mr. Jacobs also embraced the occasion
to expain good-humoredUy that he had
boen misrepresented m the press reports
as statin- that it would be safest to have
every jar of jelly bought properly labeled
and branded. For his part he would be
well enough satisfied if ten vrere hitched
together in a string and one label used for
the whole.
An opportunity is given to lease on
shares a Tery profitable raisin vineyard
and orange grove in central part of State.
Kesidence and everything complete. Ap
ply to F. P. McLennan, 652 Fifth street*
Ban Francisco. Call between 12nn'i 2p m..
V^j row TO-DAT.
The ~~
Worst
— —^— /
Cases Cured
/^m^ tt ave y ° u a bad
Jffll?flf%r&^~'^< case which other
fwwjgj' \ physicians have ex-
sttTJ \ P eriment °d npon and
$aff£/ J S^^l* r^> failetl to cure? If so,
«f)vJi e P^yf\^-f do not give up in
§TTAVEYOUABAD
-'•■'■ case which other
physicians have ex-
perimented upon and
failed to cure? If so,
do not give up in
despair. Do not con-
. ,XpiSsL demn all physicians
I "v^^w^S^f because some ordi-
v\ *&s\& ''X ilSr nary Practitioner has
JeL "^P^^^r^' disappointed you.
The well-known and
SvW^^^SHf )^ reliable specialist,
*S*^t^^\',»SWSr 7 *'* Doctor Cook, cures
(DOCTOR COOK.) when others fail.
His thoughts are continuously with stub-
born cases and their remedies. He can
cure you if any power on earth can.
Suffering Women. t?.^
is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earthly renson why you should
longer endure the miseries srisin* from
Irregularities, Periodical Headaches, Fall-
ing or Displacement of the Womb, Leucor-
' rbcea. Nervousness, Hysteria and like ail-
ments, whicl rob you of your strength,
health and beauty, and make you prema>-
turely old. In sacred confidence, tell
everything to Doctor Cook, who is an ex-
port on all Female Complaints.
W/*»nlir lUpn Young, middle-aged and
YYCctK. mcil, o id. who have violated
the laws of nature: You are now reaping
the result of your former lolly. Many oi
you have Evil Dreams, Exhausting Drains,
lmpotency, Atrophy or the Wasting Away
of the Organs, Lost Manhood; Weak,
Aching Back; Frequent, Painful Urination
and Sediment in Pimples, Nervous-
ness, Sleeplessness, Bush:ulness, Despond-
ency, stupidity, Loss of Ambition or simi-
lar symptoms, In brief, .your body, brain
and sexual organs have become weak.
Doctor Cook can restore to you what yon
have lost— YOUR PRECIOUS MANHOOD.
He can fit you for pleasure, study, busi-
ness and marriage, and send you outintc
the world with life anew. L.i
\Jtxrtr'f\r't±\e± Hydrocele, Gonorrhoea,
V ariCUCCie, Gleet, Stricture and Syph-
ilis completely, cured br Doctor Cook in
the shortest possible time.
lflf\nf*\r B adder, Urinary, Liver, Stom-
IMUIICV, 8C t Heart and Lung Diseases;
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and Brain • Dis-
eases; Blood and Skin Diseases, and Piles,
Fistula, Rheumatism, Rupture and Chronic
• Catarrh permanently cured by the latest
■ and best methods .known to medical
science.
Mail Treatment "SS^tKSSK
write if you cannot call. Free Book on
nervous and sexual diseases to all describ
. ing their troubles. Office hours: 9 to I.
a. m., 2to 5 and 7toBp. m. Sundays i ron
10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR COOK ■sSSSKJk.
V\}\j 1 U XI LUUIL San Francisco. Cal.
KEW T0.84T- AHTTSEMJCirrS.
MOROSCO'3
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
W'Ai/IKK MOKOSCO. . Leuaea and Maa* it:
STUPENDOUS. PRODUCTrOX — '' : '
:Of the Wonderfully successful Melodrama, •
THE STOWAWAT!
A Realistic Hepresent atiun, with i\ew scenery,
Jtlaboraie Appointments and -uriuii effects.
SPtCIAL EXOaQEJUJNT
' Of the Graceful, SparKllnir
MOLL.IK THOMPSON.
• "WoncliTfiii ly Rf<Hl Yacht Scene!
Keal Safe Blown Open!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
Jlatinrß* llatwa»| an.i Suad»r.
SOUTH AFRICA:
Its Physical Resources and Opportunities.
A LECTCRE BY MRTIeSRY A. BUTTRRS
Will be delivered in the Y. M. C. A Auditorium,
cor. Mi- son and Ellis sts., Saturdar Evening April
10. The entire proceeds of the lecture will so to
THE BJULEVARD KEUEF FUSDI
Tickets 50 Cent*. '
The lecture will be superbly illustrated with 100
Stereopilcoa views. . . •
CENTRAL PARK.
", I: - TO-DAY ;AT! 3 P. M.
Intercollegiate Championship Baseball, -
CALIFORNIA vs. STANFORD
■ Admission. 26c and 50c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY-7 .*: M. TO 6 P. M.
Grand Concert very Sunday Afternoon.
General AOmlsciou, lOo; Children. 5a
SUTRO BATHS.
GRAND MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
' All children wishing to take part call at Scottish
Hail, Larkln and (irove streets.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
VRJLHD OPKUIR PERFORMANCES!
.. ■;. ANIMATObCOI'E Every Mcbu ,
Pocket Klnetoacopes to children .Saturday free.
ADMISSION, lOc. CHILDREN. sc.
LCRIiMK SALT WATER BATHS,
> Cor. Bush and Larkin sts. — Kecent Improvements.
■ ;.i.r; E.NAMELKD swimming: vane,
Additions to Tab Department.
Admission, 10c. Admission, including swim! 25c
Open Day and Jt.veuinc-
KEW TO-DAT.' •
THESTAR
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
LEES' BAD RECORD.
OPEN LETTER TO Dil. RABAH.
WRECKAGE. ~
Flashed of Satire and Wife
r.v H. V. >t i in i: i. and.
TRAITORS ON THE BENCH.
IS JUDGE WALLACE IN CONTEMPT?
H LLIOIIRE BRADBURY'S ARREST.
Subscription $1.50 Year
5 Cents a Copy.
Business Office
429 Montgomery Street, S. F.
=5
KEW 10-DAT-AMtSEMESTI
BALDWIN THEATER.
iinilfiiAX 4t On ilp<">— I'lUpim j.i
2d WEEK-ENaAOEMENT OF
OTIS SKINNER!
MATINEE TO-DAY: .
"MERCHANT OF VENICE!"
To-NIUHT-Grand Doable Bill!
"MERCHANT OP mm*
"KATHJRHB-AiD PETRUCIHO."
NEXT WKEK— Tiilrd and Last of
OTIS SSLXINTIVrSZXI..
. Monday nil) ;aiurUuy Evenings.
''RICH III."
Tuesday Kvg. and >&•- Max.. ■ ■' . ;
"XjA-IDY OF LYONS."
Friday .."HAMLET! ••
JO9T seats Now Heady.
SUNDAY. APRIL IS
PBIMKOSK & WEST'S MINSTRELS.
CALIFORNIA THEATcrt.
Ai. Ha yuan it Co. (Incorporated).. JL<e«sa»i
GRAND OPEHA &KA3ON— The Famous
FRENCH :•: OPERATIC :-: ORGANIZATION!
F. CIIARLEY .IiII'RESAHIO.
FAREWELL NIOHTS and SATURDAY MAT-
POSITIVELY FAREWELL WEEK I
19th SUBSCRIPTION PERFORMANCE.
MAXLNEE TO-DAY AT 1 O'CLOCK!
=" CARMEN !"=
TO-NIGHT— IMMENSE BILL.
Second act " V Afriealne." Intermezzo "Cavil-
lerla Kuitica'ia," third act ** La J>"av»rlta "
overture " William Tell." and for tlie Grand
.Farewell to t oedor, Massenet's Lyric (Jem,
"LiA NAVARRAISE."
Sunday Evening, April 11— Grand Pooular Per-
formance—" i a Traviaia " and a Urand Ballet.
Prices. 50c to «1 60.
tRICOLAnatfKiOTTLOD Vo-ium}'/hi ruiiMtßi • • -
THIS AFTKKNOON AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND jiUSBAY NIGHT,
! Last Performances
i MR. and MRS. RUSS WHYTAL
IN
"FOR FAIRVIRaiNIA"
' ; ; NEXT MONDAY EVENING ~'y.
America's Favorite Society Actress,
—MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN-
AND HER ADniRABLB COnPANY
Presentlnc tot the First Week
Robert Buchanan's Charming Pastoral Drama,
"SQUIH-E TC A 1»33»
>eats and Boxes Now on Sale.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
MK».i.K>.-ii.BTixK ti.RKt.vi Proprietor <& Managte
LAST NIGHTS
Of the .Spectacular Operatic Burlesque,
DON JUAN!
■': : ! -i-'' .*" (AD I, IIS.)
EVERYTHING NEW IN
MIRTH — —MUSIC DANCE!
NEXT "WEEK !
The Romantic Irish Opera,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY!
(The Colleen Dawn).
Popular .Prices 25c and 500
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
Parquet, any seat, 2Bc: iialconr. any MM ijj.
;■,.',. Children, luc. any par: of the house.
DK(iMOKE and LEE, Hpvolvln? ladder Per-
formers: TITKNIA. inscriptive To*-dancer;
BAKNKSand SISSO.N": MI»SI.£LIiIE LA UK EL,
and WERNER nnd RIGDKB. i.a«t three times
of the KAYS, COHAN FAMILY, 3 RICHARDS
and VILONA SISTERS.
Concerts In the Orpheum Annex every evening
A I Aliini THIS AFTERNOON
ALCAZAR at 2°' clock.
j BelascoAL.aKaUle.Mrs. [ EVENING AT 8, *■'
The Famous Old English Comedy,
"WILD OATS."
Presented by the Alcazar Company, Including
GEORGE OSBOUKNK and HUGO TOI.ANI).
Our Popular Prices. Seals by Telephone, Black 991
DACING! RACING! RACING.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — -
WINTER MEETING. 189©-'97,
Beginning Monday, April 5, to April 17, Inclusive
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Hating .Monday, Tuesday,- Wednesday,
i huroUiiy, .Friday and Saturday.
Kalnor Shins. .
FIVE OR MORE KACES EACH DAT.
— -Kaces Start at 2:15 P. 91. Sharp —
•• Ferry.' Boats leave san Francisco at 1- v. aai
12 :SU. 1 .00, 1 :30, 2 :<H), •£ :S0 and 3p. m .. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to tracic
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound. ■
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15 aai
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, President.
R. It &lILKOY, Secretary. . '" '- ' "
* ' FICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
: EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR. KAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING THE
SEASON. Music. Dancing, Bowling;, Boat-
ing, Fishing: and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices. Fare, round trip,
25c, Chlidr -n 15c; including admission to grounds.
. Til V. STEAMEIt IKI II
Will leave Tiburon Ferry a: 18:33 a. m.; 12:10,
2:00 and 4:00 p. m. KetnrninK, leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a M, 1 X) J. 3:00 and 6 : JO p. m. ■
-• " V: ' ■■.. -„■•='.-. '.•-.:-•:; .;v'-,.-.y...' 1 ."
THIRD ANNUAL PICNIC OF THE
SCHLES\V;G-BO! STEISEIM'EREW
SUNDAY, April 11, 1897,' a:. «helKMound Tarlc,
Berkeley. Music by c c. BeukeV Band. Ad-
mission 50c. payable at the gate." I.aoies tie*.
v Urand Prise Bowling tor «100 Cash. \
78
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
Academic Field-Day Games — All About Boxing,
Fishing, Rowing, Baseball and Coursing*
The arrival or the Australian baseball
team snouM assist very materially to
boom the National game on this coast.
The Australian athletes are an active lot
of fellows, and doubtless there will be
ranch interest manifested among the
lovers of the game in the nrst meeting be
tween the invaders and the Olympic Club
players.
Boxing is aprnin having full swing, and
clubi are scouring the country for iirst
class fighting material. The trap-shoot
ers, anglers, cricketers, oarsmen, wheel
men, leashmen and lovers of rifle snoot
ing are looking lorward to a summer of
good sport.
THE WHEELMEN.
The Associated Ciufc>% Will Con
sider Relay Race Protests
This Evening:.
The adjourned meeting of the board of
governors of tne California Associated
Cycling Clubs will be held this evening at
the rooms of the Olympic Club Wheel
men. Among the ether important mat
ters to come before the board is the dis
cussion oi the protests over the relay race
last Sunday.
The track and road racing committee
chairmen of the association have issued
the following pronunciamenio with re
gard to racing in tins State in the future:
The Calfornift Associated Cycling Ciubs have
assumed control oi cycle-track racing In the
Stele of California. They have been impelled
10 this step dv the reiusal of the League of
American Wheelmen. ~ the hitherto accepted
governing body iv California of this branch of
tne sport, to recognize existiugcoadiiions In
this laic and to adapt its ;ruies thereto. The
article* framed by the Associated Clubs for the
government of racing accept the amateur deti
iiltion of the various amateur athletic organi
zations of America. Clubs are permitted to
pay the legitimate expenses of their members
engaging in contests where ihore is no prize
other than an ■ Jnterclub trophy, and there is
no limit to the distancn irom their homes
within which amateurs may compete. These
rulings will permit clubs in all parts of me
Slate "to send their representatives to those
interclub amateur contests on the road which
the Associated dues hnve made classic, and
to those like contests wnicU will In future be
also promoted on the track. ' ■■" . .; ■
Sanctions lor track meetings will be issued
for any day. There are no restrictions in this
respect. Acts which would professionalize a
rider if committed in connection with track
racing will have a like effect ii committed in
connection with road racing. The value of a
prize for which an amateur may compete on
the road is limited to $35. Tno track and
road racing committees will recognize and
eniorce eacn other's rulings and suspensions.
The track and road racing rules will be
printed and ready for distribution at an early
day.
Kiders are warned that by engaging in
track racing anywhere in the State of Cali
fornia at meetings not sanctioned by the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs they render
themselves liable to suspension from track
and road events .sanctioned or promoted by
the associated clubs.
Applications for track sanctions should be
made to K. M. Welch, chairman track-rncing
committee, 532 California street, San Fran
cisco.
The track and road racing committees ers
authorized to assume direction ol racing in
any State or Territory wnere theymay.be In
vited su tii do. The Caliiornia Associated Cyc
cling clubs are not seeding to extend their
bwav, preferring to enter into friendly al
liance with like organizations, but they wi.l
not refuse to admit to iheir jurisdiction the
racing men of neighboring t-iates who may
desire to avail themselves ot such protection.
California Associated Cycling Clubs, fcau
Fraiici&co, April 8, 1897.
Chari.es albert Adams,
Chairman Ruad-racinK Committee.
R. M. Welch, chairman Track-racing Com
mittee.
The Sunday race meet scheduled for the
Veloilroine for April 18 has been post
poned to May 2, to allow ample time for
all preliminary arrangements. The meet
should be a big success.
This season's initial run of the Ean
Francisco Road Club- has been called by
Captain J. S. Lewis for next Sunday to
San Mateo, there to meet the club's San
Jose members. The start will be made
from the clubhouse promptly at 8:30
o'clock, and an easy pace will be taken all
the way down. A number of events have
been arranged lor the aiternoon, and a
good day's sport is assured to all who at
tend the run. President O. R. Sterling
has returned from his business trip and
presided at last Tuesday evening's meet
ing. He will accompany Captain Lewis
on a tandem on the run Sunday.
The regular quarterly meeting of the
club will r>e held on next Tuesday even
ing, the 13th inst., and a large attendance
ie looked for. The entertainment com
mittee appointed at the last meeting will
make its report. It anticipates divine a
pool and billiard tournament and a
smoker.
Captain Hadtnfeldt will lake the
Olympic Club Wheelmen to Haywards
to-morrow, via the 9 o'clock creek route
boat. The last unpaced 10-mile race for
the dub medal will be held over the
triangle. A regular meeting of members
will be hela next Tuesday evening.
To-morrow the Olympic Cyclers go to
Escalles, a charming retreat in the Marin
hills. It will be more of a picnic than a
club run, as the distance is short, and
arrangements have been made for an out
door entertainment and an extensive
luncheon. Members and their gm-sts
will take the aa. m. Sausalito boat. Cap
tain Morel expecis a large crowd to attend.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the San Francisco Cycle Board of
Trade will be held next Tuesday evening,
April 13. ai the Blciorama, Tenth and
Market streets. All members are re
quested to be present.
The membership of the North California
Division. League of American Wheelmen,
is fast dwindling atvav. From nearly
1700 it is now down ;o 1208. There will be
another big drop this week.
It is announced that the kineto'cope
will be used at some of the forthcoming
road and track races in Boston, according
to Bearings. This will be the hist experi
ment with this wonderful machine in
connection with cycle races.
C. R. Coulter, the well-known profes
sional of this city, is trying to match
W. E. Becker, the five-mile champion,
with Hachenberger, the wonderful un
paced rider of Denver. Becker" left here
last Sunday night for hin home in Minne
apolis, but will go to Denver and com
mence training at once if the match can
be arranged.
Captain Argenti has arranged an en
joyable run tor the Camera Club Cyclists
to-morrow to Palo Alto. The train will
be taken to and from Burlingame. This
train leaves Third and Townsend streets
•t 9 a. m. and Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets ten minutes later and not at 8:15
and?:2s as Captain Arpenti's notice to
MPmb#Tß states. Hs must have got hold
0? an old time-table. Members will please
note tne correct leaving tira***.
The Yosemite Crclers will hold their
first road race of the season on Sunday,
Arril 11, over the Ran Ma'eo-Pan Carlos
HEW TO-DAT.
ICUREFITS
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-long study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D.,
4 Cedar St., New York.
five-mile course. The starters are: H. C.
Franks, assisted by W. E. Ashmore. The
judges are: Fred H. Grant. Elmer D.
Roach, A. A. Taft and Ed iionkofsky.
The entries and handicaps are as follows:
Ed Perry, 2:30; (ins Fox, 2:15: Harry Ryan,
2:00; Bert Craw, 2:00; William Hughes, 1:45;
Nat Lowenfeid, 1:30; W. Cuihberison. 1:OO:
Cyrus Danker, 1:0j; Charles Eisenmiuser,
:45; Witlimii feirlei. :45: M. S. Meyer, scratch ;
Fe riiiuaud Heuer, scratch : A. Siminoff, sera ten.
fcPALDINQ.
RING AND GLOVE.
The Pacific Club Has a First-Glass
Programme for Wednesday
Evening.
The Pacific Athletic Club has an excel
lent programme of fistic sport for Wednes
day evening next and judging from the
material the directors ot the club have
selected for this occasion the patrons of
the game of fisticuffs can count upon wit
nessing a first-class performance.
Alex GreKpains is too well known to the
fraternity who take an interest in boxing
to need any particular comment. The ex
firemanjis, without doubt, the cleverest
heavy-weight boxer i;i America excepting
the ex-champi^n, Jim Corbett, and as a
matter of fact Greggaim is not a man who
polishes off his opponents by knocking
tnem Biiff, i*«t on the other hand he has a
happy way of jabbing nis antagonist un
til he becomes weak and discouraged from
the continous jabbing and body punches
which count in the long run. Greggains
has trained faithfully for this match, and
he will certainly give a good account of
himself.
The ex-fireman's opponent is Jack Stelz
ner, the heavy-weight pugilist who
handled Champion Fitz~imrnons when h*
trained for Sharkey and Corbett, and if
Fitzsimmons speaks the truth Stelzner
must be a hard man to whip. The Cham
pion said to a friend in this City before
taking his departure for the East that
SteJzner can wnip any good second-class
heavy-weight handily and ttiat none of
the top-notchers have a sure thing on
beating him. It can therefore be seen
that Gregtrains has a hard game to win,
and battles of this fcind are the ones the
sporting public delight in witnessing.
The second match arranged by the Pa
cific Club directors will assuredly be a
contest well worth going many miles to
see. The clever and plucky fighter, Lon
Agnew, will face his old opponent. Bob
Thompson, the tailored pugilist of Salt
Lake City. It goe^ without saying that
this match wi.l prove to be ol groat inter
est. Agnew has had quite a few uphill
contests in this City, and there is probably
not a tighter among the array of hard
hitting citizens who is more fancied by the
devotees oi ring sports than the pleasant
and reassuring Lon Agnew. He can al
ways be counted upon to go a good dis
tance in any kind of company.
The Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors met yesterday
and agreeu to reoomniend that the Cali
fornia Athletic Club be granted a permit
for a boxing contest, to be held in the
month of Mar. providing that a .icense of
$100 De paid and that 5 per cent of the
trross receipts be pa:d into the fund lor
the relief of the unemployed.
TROUT FISHING.
The Warm Weather Will Insure
Good Sport to Fly-Casters.
The past week of warm weather is ex
actly what the anglers hoped for, as the
coast streams, which hare been runninz
high and murky since the opening day of
tha trout-rishinc season, will now assume
an appearance pleasant to the eye of all
lovers of the gentle and exhilarating pas
time of fly-casting.
The Faper-mill is gradually developing
a July appearance, and in a week or so
the rout snouid rise to a tir readily, as all
refuse matter washed from the bills into
the stream daring the freshets will no
longer be looked for by the gourmands of
the deep pools that afford such grand
sport to the fly-caster when a wnopper is
attached to the stretcher fly.
Latest accounts from the Papermill and
Lagunitas creeks stale that the water is
yet too high for fly fishing, and that the
latr heavy flood must have carried with
it large numbers of good-sized trout to
the ocean, leaving the fingerlinzs, which
ouud shelter in the tributaries to the
main creeks, behind.
J. McGregeor ol the mail service was at
Point Reyes on Ihursday and reports
fishing very poor there at present. He
explained why the fishing w«s poor by
stating ti'ai the stream from trie bridge
which spans the creek near Point Reyes
to the sand epit was literally covered with
divers, and that the lone-i.ecked poachers
were killing hundreds of trout. The pro
prietor of tne Point Reyes Hotel engaged
two men to malce war upon the invaders,
and doubtless divers will be scarce in the
vicinity of Point Rpyes on Sunday.
At tbe least calculation tb> re were 1.50
anglers on the Paper-mill and Lagunitas
creeks last Sunday, but wuh few excep
tions they returned with more water than
tish. Al Smith, ihechanipion "worm" fish
erman, was high hook, and Senator Syd
ney Hall was next in line with a beautiful
basket of small steel; ead^. whicn lie
caught in the tidewater near Point Reyes.
The anglers who journeyed to Sonoma
Creek were not succe-eful, as the stream
was altogether too high and off color.
There should bo {rood tishing on the So
noma Creek a week from Sunday, as that
stream takes longer to run clear than
does the Taper- mill. Judge Oliver P.
Evans caught a pood wetting by caving
down the bank into a deep poul, but be
ing a thorough sportsman he did not
grumble because he caught a dousing and
very few fis •.
Judge Hunt returned from some favor
ite stream with very few rish. He ac
knowledged that it is too early yet to ex
pect anything like good fishing.
Colonel Cracknell and ''Cad" caught a
nice ba-ket of hsh in the little stresm that
run* close by the San Rafael Orphan
Asylum.
Bill Cooney and Eugene O'Rourke
w«re among the first-Sunday-of-the-season
anglers who wet lines in Sonoma Creek
last. Sunday.
Horace Smy the caught about forty nice
trout last Thursday from the stream that
runs near Ross Station.
Al Wieland and John Siebe basketed
eighty trout on Thursday, which they
took from the Trockmorton Lagoon,
which is in the Tamalpais Club preserve.
Dan O'Connell and a friend visited
Tokaloma last Thursday, but "The"
O'Connell had poor lucK, notwithstanding
his knowledge of the game. He did not
look for large fish, as his basket was
about large enough to hold a few dozen
iiugerlings.
RIFLE AND PISTOL.
A Hundred-Shot Match Arranged
Between AdolDh Strecker and
A. H. Pape.
At last there is a match on between
Adolph Btreck«r and A. H. Pape, two of
the best rifle shots in the Columbian Pistol
and Rifle Club. The match will be a 100
--stiot contest for $20 a side and will take
place within three weeks. The contest
will not be ao much lor the money as to
deiermine who is the better marksman of
the two in a lone race. Stresker is much
tbe older shot of the two, but Pape has
made tome wonderful strides in marks
manship within tlia'past few years. This
inatcli, which will be held on the Shell
Mound rang* and shot on the -new Co
inmbian target, has been on the tapis for
several weeks and marksmen are looking
lorward to the outcome of the event with
iiront interest.
Oil Sunday there will be a large attend*
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
ance on the Shell Mound rifle range, and
the following organizations will hold
their regular contests:
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club— Medals
and cash prizes. San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein — Medal. GermaniaSchueizen Club
— Medal and prize shooting. Nord
deutscher Schueizeu Clnb — Bullseve
shooting and final shoot for "Siebe
medal," donated for best three bullseyes
during the last twelve bullseye contests.
Red MenSchue:zen Section — Medal shoot
ing. Independent Rifles — Clcss medal
scooting. Companies C, G, F and X, First
Infantry, N. G. C.
In the last State shoot Lieutenant H.
Huber of Company l, First Regiment,
formerly San Franmco Fusileers, won
tne company's medal for good. This
medal has been competed for for twenty
three years, as it bad to be won three
years in succession to become the prop
erty of the winner. Lieutenant Huber
made the highest scores in the State
snoots of 1894, 1895 and 1896. Tne medal
is a beautiful piece of work. On the back
of it are the names and scores of tie
many marksmen who have haa the honor
of winning the medal since 1874.
TRAP SHOOTING.
Sport That Will Bs Had To-
Morrow at Various
Grounds.
The handlers of the shotgun will gather
at the trap-shooting '..-rounds to-morrow,
where sport ad libitum will be indulged
in by those who fancy smashing cay
birds. The shoots arranged for are: Re
liance Club at Webster-street grounds;
Golden Gate tournament at Alameda
Junction; Empire Club shoot and fifty
bird race at Alnmeda Point; Olympic Gun
Club snoot at Ingieside, which will finish
with a twenty-five bird race 01 en to all.
The Encinal Gun Club has joined the
Inanimate Target Association, and will
hold its second blue-rock tou.-nanient at
Birds I'oint on Sunday, the 13th inst.
Sportsmen are looking lorward with
much pleasure to the grand open-to-all
tournament, which will be held at the
Pacific Tournament grounds on May 2
under the management of those well
known sportsmen, the Golcher brothers.
The prizes are especially valuable, and as
there will be no entrance money charged
it goes without saying that the attend
ance will be something extraordinarily
iarge. The prizes have already been pub
lished in The Call. They should attract
the attention of trap-shooters from ail
parts of the State.
THE OARSMEN.
Great Activity Amons the South
Ends, Dolphins and
Ariels.
Prom the present outlook this season
promises to be a successful one for the
oarsmen. On last Sunday morning the
Pioneer Rowing Club held a club re
gatta in which crews from the South End
find Ariel clubs participated. Over twenty
boats started at the word "go," and for
over a mile the race was one of the most
exciting that has been seen on the bay in
many years. At the stakeboat the South
End crew took the lead, closely followed
by Growney of the Ariels and Captain
Will Thomas of the South Ends. On the
nome9tretch th c Pioneers made a desper
ate effort to regain their lost ground, but
th c distance was too great and they fin
ished about three lengths behind the
South Ends.
Captain Thomas reports wonderful im
provement in tne work of the junior
crews, and promises to have them in con
dition for the try-out regatta which will
take place on Sunday, April 25.
Ed Leary, Archie Campbell, William
Mead and Frank Reichiin^ took advan
tage of the tine weather on Sunday morn
ing and rowed to Hunters Point, where
they fished for several hours without get
ting even a bite. The party returned to
the boathouse at a very late hour with
nothing to show but a faw crabs, which
Mr. Campbell caught with his oar on the
way home.
Frank J. Burke and a party of friends
were seen rowing leisurely up the bay on
last Sunday aiternoon. Mr. Burke was
attired in "a very neat blue-and-gold
sweater, which won the admiration of his
lariv mends.
Over fifteen skiffmen are daily training
for the carnival regatta, which promises
to be a grand success. All these gentle
men will compete in the try-out regatta;
George Bate*, Frank Duplissea, James
Foley, IU. Dennis, George Fox. T. I.
Fiizpatrick, Al Fritz, Hugh Mcl*aic,
Matt O'Brien, Jim Pallos, Charlie C utter,
Joe Foley and Ed Scully.
Last Sunday morning a crew in the
borpe Wiiland rowed to Sausalito and re
turned to Harbor View before dinner.
The crew was composed of J. J. Cronin, J.
Ltib, W. Laib. Al Laib, C. Mogan, T. J.
Sullivan and W. J. Henrichs.
The nineteenth annual excursion will
be held on April 25 to Bohemia Grove.
The proceeds will be devoted to the pur
chasing of a new race- barge.
T. R. Keenan is putting a new dec* on
his shell, and will begin training for the
carnival regatta.
Patch had an oar poked through tbe
deck of his shell lust Sunday.
The Dolphin juuior crew was out Mon
day morning.
The crew is made up of W. A. Patch,
stroke; Alex Pape, after waist; T. J. Ken
nedy, for ward waist; W. L. Meyer, bow,
and George Roach, cockswain.
The club regatta will ne held on May 9,
and Pape, Patch and Kernan are doing
light training for it.
On the ?ame day th<> old-timers will race
again- 1 the new members. The old-timers
are: W. J. Henncbs, stroke; Pete yon
Hadeln, aaerwaist; John Lynch, forward
waist; Sam Murray, bow, and Adam
Schuppert, cockswain.
The Anels will open the season on Sun
day, April IS, with an interesting resatta
at Long Bridge. A great deal of prepara
tion is going on, and it is expected that
the opening will surpass anything ever
given by the club.
Race- hnve been arranged for shells, out
rigger skiffs, pair-oared Bhells and barges.
The Ariels will undoubtedly have their
new barse now under course of construc
tion comp eted by that time.
Henry Peterson, the coast champion
professional sculler and an old-time mem
ber of the club, will row an exhibition
race with other celebrities of the past.
On Thur.-day evening, April 22, the club
will give an' entertainment and dance.
The proceeds will be devoted to purchas
ing new boats.
THE YACHTSMEN.
The Enclnal Club Will Open the
Season Next Satur
day.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Corinthian Yacht Ciub it was de
cided to challenge for the perpetual chal
! lenge cup as soon as the Encinats officially
turn over the cup to the San Franciscos.
It is expected that ex-Commodore Pew's
speedy Truant will be chosen to represent
the club.
Quite a number of the Corinthian boats
will attend the openiug of the Encinal
Yacht Club next Saturday. The flagship
Clara, the Pride of the Bay and other
yachts will be there to swell tbe father
ing.
Frank E. Baker's swift and commodious
yacht Cinch lias been sold to John Norby.
It is understood that Mr. Norby has
bought tier for one of the yachtsmen at
TiDuron. •
Captain Brnca'a yacht Rover is being re
fitted and will soon be put in commission.
The Will of the Wisp will be in commis
siou by April 17. She will attend the
opening of the Kucinals.
Tom Miller's new boat that is being
built by Frank Stone will be launched
next week and will be called the Idler.
The Aeolus will taks the Pride's crew up
to Vallejo this afternoon, and both boats
will race home to-morrow.
The Mignon, owned by George V. Biber,
is in conimisiion, and was out sailing last
Sunday. She made a pretty appearance.
The Freda is on the beach bavin? the
injuries sustained in tbe collision with tne
< 'i-ne repaired. She will have a new rail
put on and will be repainted.
The Corinthians' opening promises to
surpass anything ever given by the club.
Great preparations have been made to en
tertain the friends of the club. Tne after
noon will be devoted to tbe entertainment
of the fair guests and in the evening the
member:, will be in their element. The
jinks will be strictly a stag affair, and the
committee in charge prom-se something
new and startling.
Jack O'Brien has been skirmishing the
town for the best talent and has succeeded
in securing a tine assortment.
The club has invited the San Francisco
"Yacht Club to be present.
The reception committee will consist of
the board of directors. Doc Emmons
has been appointed floor manager and
will b« ably assisted by genial Bob Mor
row, Messrs. Jact Short, Mattoon and
Dean.
BASEBALL.
Stanford Will Play Against the Uni
versity of California Team
To-Day.
The ever popular National game will be
played on many diamonds to-morrow.
Tne Alerts will ©lay the San Francisco
Athletic Club at Central Park. The teams
will line up as follows:
S. F. A. C. Position. Alerts.
Dreus. Catcher W. Hammond
Fiemnilng Pitcher Kru«c
lord First base Jacobson
Van Morten Second base uoldsworthy
Spellman Third base .McKw
Johnson bhonstop Brocholl
Sheenan I eft fluid Musktmoa
ttlnnin'e. Center Held ....JMrrt
lU-.sio Klght field J. Hammond
The Precita Parlor team will play the
Postoffice clerks at 1:30 p. m.
The newsboys of San Francisco have
been invited to witness the game between
the White House and the K. S. F.s to
morrow, at Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
The teams will line up as follows:
White House. Position. K. S. F.
Murphy Catcner Mclaughlin
McGinn -..Pitcher BroekhotT
Kizler First base .....Brown
J. Donnelly Second base. Haake
Frencn Third base Roberts
K. Donnelly.. Shortstop Sbeble
McQuade Lett field Chandler
Manning Center fle!d. Collins
Sweeney Uigit Held Lewis
The Miller, Schloss & Scotts will play
the Holbrook, Merrill & Stetsons at Six
teenth find Folsom to-morrow.
The first of the intercollegiate baseball
games will be played to-day at Central
Park between Stanford and the University
of California.
The Antipodean ball-catchers were
agreeaDly surprised when they discovered
with what rapidity American newspapers
produce not only the news of the world,
but also illustrations, as was done in their
case in yesterday's Call.
No sooner had the steamer Monawai
docked than Thor had his artists on board
to photograph the new arrivals. The pic
tures were furnished to The Call belore
sunset.
At the Presidio athletic grounds Sun
day the Callioreans will play tae Reliance
Club of Oakland at 11 a. m.
The Sit>b Club win play the California
Markets at 2 P. M.
lLe Conway <fc Baumels will meet Com
pany D of the League of the Cross to
morrow. They will line up as fol
lows: R. Mohun, pitcher; J. Xeogan,
catcher; E. Duffey, rirst baee ; D. Mona
han, second base; j. Bodie, third base; R.
Beaton, shortstop; B. V°'>d, center field ;
O. Baldwin, right field: E. McCarthy, left
field.
The Florida Stars would like to meet
any amateur team under 17 yenrs. Send
challenges to E. Crawford, *17) a Florida
street
AMATEUR ATHLETES.
Field Day of the Academic League
at the Olympic Club
Grounds.
The sixth semi-annual field day of the
Academic Athletic League of California
will be held this afternoon at the Olympic
Club grounds. The names of the scnools
and colleges that will be represented have
already been published. The officers of
the day will be:
Committee in charge (purple badges)— He
rbert Hauser, Sacramento H. S., chairman;
Ernest C. Foster, O. H. s. ; Brenaen Townsend,
P. 11. S. Referee— Colonel George C. Edwards.
Starter— Phil Wand, O. A. C. Judges 01 finish
—President Humphrey, P. A. A.; \V. Drum
U.C; S. Wailer. Tmiertr-D. E. Brown. L. S.
J. D. ; E. C. Brown. D. C; T. E. Barnes. U. C.
Field judges— C. H. Woolsey, H. is.; R. L.oyJ
U. C. ; A. Cheek, U. C. ; Measurers— F. McCor
mack, O. A. C. ; J. Hoffman, U. C. ; R. Sira
moni, U. C. Judge of walking— Griffin, U. C.
Inspectors— J. Puchford, C. S. M. A.; W. C.
I)mv8on, U. C. Clerks of course— R«v. W. A.
Brewer. S. M. 8.; S. Pope, U. C. Field mar
shals—H. Spencer, B. H. 8. ; D. H. Moulton,
O. H. S. ; L. Scharetg, P. H. H. Scorer— W. B.
Jackson, U. C. Announcer— L. White, P. H. a
Handball Carries.
The Handball games wbicn will be wit*
nessed to-morrow at Phil Ryan's San
Francisco handball court are:
J. Nngle nnd c. Sullivan vs. V. O'Brien and
M. O'Brien-. J. Collins ana E. Toy vs. R. Mur
phy and J. White. D. Rodeers and P. Ryan vs.
M. McNeil and G. McDouaid. G. Huiehiuson
and D. Connolly vs. J. Lawless and P. Hutchlu
son. J. C. Nealon and R. Linthan vs. f. Don
nelly and J. Keeney.
The event of the day will be a single hand
game between J. Riordan vs. T. If. Bonnet, best
three games in five of twenty-one acea, This
is for tue championship of the coast.
He Wl:l Wrestle.
M. I. Loventhai, late boxing instructor
of the Fresno Athletic Club, is in this City
and is open to wrestle a match, best two
out of three falls, catch-as-catch-can,
against any wrestler in the State.
NO MONEY FOR DUNNE.
Appointed Special Counsel by the Su
pervisors, but Mutt Walt for
; His Pay.?'^:
The Finance Committee or the Board of
Supervisors decided to report favorably
on the application of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association to have James
P. Dunne retained as special counsel in
the office of District Attorney Barnes. It
was stated that the attorney had done
good work in prosecuting offenders against
the pure-food laws. It was also decided
to provide (or the payment of his salary—
the special counsel fees Deing exhausted—
out of the urgent necessity fund.
Auditor Uroderick says that he will not
audit any demands from the attorney on
the urgent necessity fund, and that he
will have to wait until the special counsel
fund is in a condition to stand the drain.
MR. WILLETT'S TYPEWRITER.
Auditor Broderlck Refutes to Allow the
City to Pay for It.
Auditor Broderick has finally and em
phatically refused to permit the City to
pay for a |90 typewriter ordered and used
by William Wiliett, the attorney for the
collector of delinquent taxes.
He sent a communication to that effect
to th« .Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday stating that Mr.
Wiliett was collecting for the City under
a contract at 25 per cent, and that as the
attorney was using the machine in his
privaie oflice he could see no reason why
the City snould stand the expense.
The committee decided to reject the
demand.
St. Mary's Cathedral.
Under the auspices of the Calvnrlan Society
the sixth and last of the series of Lenten ex
ercises now being held will take place lo
inorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. These exer
cises consist of "Stations of the Crois" and
sermon, followed by benediction of the
Blessed Sacrament. Key. P. J. Keane will de-
L« r lhe sermon on this occasion, taking for
Ms text the words, "it is souKummated"— St.
John xix:3o; also from St. Lake, xxiv:46,
'And Jesus, crying with a loud voice, said.
Father, into thy hands I commend my
THE FAVORITES
WERE ALL BEATEN
Heavily Played Horses Met
With Much Mis
fortune.
Soniro Furnished a Very Ex
hilarating Reversal
of Form
I&giesich Beat Hotspur Ont— Alvarado
No M ten for Bernard! lo—Duo
bo/ an Improved Sprintar.
The favorites were all beaten at Emery
ville yesterday. There was a reversal of
form or two, a smotkered wail or so from
the talent, the judges tapped the bell and
the tickets were paid. As Vace meetings
draw to a close, officials in the stand are
apt to overlook many little twists and
tortuous curves that would come in for in
quiry earlier in the season.
Old battle-scarred Hotspur was a slight
favorite for the opening seven-furlong
race, and, although he made a gallant
effort, was beaten out at the end by Zeke
Abraham's lngleside, second choice in the
betting.
The Cheat was made an even-money
choice for the two-year-old four-furlong
scramble and finished third. Bliss
Rucker, as is the good fortune that be
falls the Burn" & Waterhouse entries,
drew a good position at the post and,
leading all the way, led the twice "good
thing," Torsida, out by over a length,
rattling off the distance in 49 seconds.
The erratic Aivarado had a strong first
call in the betting on the starters in the
mile selling run, but was outfooted all the
way by the strongly played Bernardillo,
which won ealloping in 1:42. The winner
was a 3 to 1 shot in the bettiug.
A poor start worked the defeat of the
even-money choice, Morte Fonse, in the
mile and a furlong run. Charley Thorpe
had the lee up and just as the barrier
shot upward was cut off and passed the
stand way back in the n.ct. Hnzard at
odds of 9 tc 2 took the lead from Verugua
three furlongs from home and proved a
very handy winner in 1:57. The favorite
made a arreat run fiom behind, taking the
place from Oakland.
On April 7, ridaen by "Willie Martin,
Soniro was beaten over twenty lenctlis in
a seven-furlong race captured by Tulare
and throughout the betting was a drug
on the market. Yesterday be was played
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack, Friday, April 9. Slxty-elffhth Day of
*" the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
837. KIKST
; selling;
: purse <300.
Index.
id ex. Horse, ace, weight. St.
824 iDclt'side, 8 10 3
829 j Hotspur, a 102 . 9
H24 Chendah, 3 83 11
829 Governor Budd,4.lul 2
825 Big Chief. 4 10b 6
829 Sooladaln, 5 99; 10 j
H27 Sit Kdward. 6 104 5
816 i V01t.6 104 4
700 Jeromes, a 102 1
676 KalMol.s. 104 '7
769 j Woodohopper, a. 112 8 j
%
31
2 1 ■
« 6 1*
lh
61
91.
7 h
4 ii
11 ;
10 V,
Str.
~3 2
1 1
Ii
6 3
4 1
21
61
8 1
I*
10
11
Betiing.
Op. Cl.
8% i 8%
51/2 4 h
4 Vi 31
11 11
11 i i a
lv 1 10 2
61 6 2
7 V 2 7h
2 « us
9 1 »i*
3% 6 1
1 1
2 6
3 2
4 4
66
64
B**
83
9 10
In 20
11
H. Brown,
H. Martin
J. Woods
Reldy
Thorpe
4
2
30
30
4
30
60
5
. 0 .
20
4
4
3
60
20
6
SO
ICO
12
80
10
6
Mitchell
Powell
K. Jones
"•ni.ler
Bozeman
>baw
Q. O bi.ct»i» KALt- Half a mile;, two-year oldt; ourse $350.
Horse, weight.
M
*A
m
I?
$?
10
3h
71
11
Fin.
2 4
3 3
4 3
64
6 2*
7 2
8 10
96
10 2
11
(826)
«-6
794
82 tf
IBlisa Kacker 106 'i
Torsirta 10'J 4
jTtie Cheat 110 3
Marvelous 103 i 7
krima 103 i 6
Bsrnev SchreiberlO3| 1
Outlay 110 8
iMcrinel 107 9
IDalion 101 6
lim.ro IU6 11
Xopos 106 10
1 2
3 2
41*
61
61
7
8
9
10
11
Thorpe
H. Martin
nnessy
snider ;..
Mclntyre
iblaugh er.
W. Martin
Macklln
K. Is,m
Peoples.
Powell
3
3
6-6
60
60
10
6
60
60
l«! 0
100
4
3
1
100
60
12
10
100
100
600
600
"Yes"
(8)6)
819
8.2
810
819
!
Good start.
Won dnvlog.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'a b. c, by Sal vator- Iris. Time, :49.
1
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
n.
(821)
(823)
824 !
8-^1 |
Bernardtlla 3....
■ Alvarado. 4
'Kantuzza, 4
j Widow Jonea, 3..
|Orej-hurat, 3
I 4
1
:! 6
! 3
1*
2 3
Sh
6
42
Hi
2 6
5
44
3\C,
2 10
6
4 6
1 2
25
4 1
I*
2 1&
3 3
4 3
5
Jones.
H. Martin
Hozeman
Reliy
H. Brown.
5-2 6-2
7-10 7-10
100 200
60 75
3 4
Perfeci start. Won easily.
1:42.
b. S;
#40 FOURTH
; selling: four-year-olds: puna 5400.
Index. Horse, age. weight. St.
Hazard. 4l It- 8
803 Morte Fonse, 6...107 3
816 Oakland, a 104 2
835 j Doyle, 5.. 104 6
827 A. Buchanan. 5..10.V 1
829 Peter .ll. 5 107 7
*03 jlo.Hns, 5 104 6
. 831- Veragua. 4 100 4
829 Mary Nievez. 4. . . .PB| 9
825 B. McC'losKey. 4.. 103 10
Ftd. |
6MI
82
7 2
91
2 h
10
l 3^
6 2
4 1
1
V 4 | V* I
4 2 2h I
91 6Vi
82 8 2
6b 4 2
2 1/j, I" 3
10 10
3 h 6 l/~
18 If
72 7 2
62 9 2
% Str. Fin.
33 13 12
6 3 6 3 2Vi
01 61 33 1
4% 4 2 4i :
•-• ! i ■- •- -i 63 j
9 71 i 6 10
71 817 1
l}i 3 Vis 8201
8 1 8; 96
10 10 10
liom
Thorpe
iH. Martin
'slaughter
; Hentiessy
,snider
'Jones
i H. Brown
j Ruiz.
I Bozeman
3
6-5
8
12
6
10
8
1&
60
60
3
1
15
10
10
1-2
16
20
300
300
(•ood start.
1:67.
Won easily. Winner, A. P. Murphy A Uo.'s eh. jr., by Straihiuore-Zoo Zoo. Time,
841. fIF
Index.
830 '
813 !
825 .
786
778
(B81)
795
807
827
8:7
812
693
818
! Bone, age, weight.
'Sonlro, 3 '
Charlemagne, 3.. '
iNervoso, 6 1<
[Olive, 5 V
t,'Kleeta. 6
Hermanita, 6 1
Klraer X, & V
Co.Ja, 4 1
Toano. a V
Kicardo, 5 1'
Cavallo,3
Abl P.a.
|Cousln Jo«, 3 1
«*. V *
5 ~2 1
10 8^
4 6 h
1 11 11
16 91
2 | 10%
13 12 4
7 13
8 3h
12 li •
9 4%
I 1 13
_ v»
6h
7
2
18*
I*2
m
ii
9 1
13
'A
51
3^
4h
6
2 ■ ■
ll*
13
iH
81
10
9 1
13
Str. \
1%
5 ■• -
61
i 9%
11
12
13
l'h
IV.
B 4
4h
61
66
IP
9
10
11
12 ■
13
Fin.
Jones.
HUughter '...
Snider.
Thorpe
Isom ;
H. Martin
-haw
Bezeman. *
H«*nnesay
~hepanl
H. Brown
J. Ward.
Peoples
15
8
6
3
20
2
12
30
10
15
10
100
100
12
1U
8
3
40
2
12
40
-'()
25
8
100
200
atart. Won cleverly. Winner,
.'s b. g., b/
1:30^.
842. BIXTH
; purse 9350.
Index.
Horse, weleht
*A;
13
31
2 h
41
6 1
8
<> !-,
71
9
10
11
Jockey.
in*.
Cl.
(818)
. 83U
812
7CB
(8121
818
797
818
813
726
Inunboy 110
Suisun 102
Santa Paula 102
Qu en Nubia 102
! t; se smith ......108
! Mercutlo ........110
Sweet William... 107
>colch Rose 11*8
Ganod'Or Ill)
Roltalre 107
ThaPluncrr 107
1
4
H
7
6
2
I
11
9
10
6
■**
1 1
31
?}*
5h
61
iS*
-S3*
11
1 3
2%
er
71
51
4 1
I*
10 |3
11
Sh
4 1
63
6 1
7 6
87
9 10
10
11
H. Mania
Thompson
Ruiz
Horn ;...
Tborpe
Shaw ...........
Jones
Peoples
H. -dr0wn........
Bozeman ......'.
: 3
8 5
80
30
•I
15
10
6
100
30
60
3
9 5
100
BO
6-2
20
12
. 8
100
60
100
I::::::::
Fair start. Won naodlly. Winner, J. i odge's eh. g., by imp. U»yallst-"pray. Time, 1 :09i4.
NEW TO-DAT
arrant ' sSel tzerAperi- 3
i£ : . • mcx*!. Am*™**. f^ s t and on: retiring at 3
TAMAHTtco.,aicadst»,HewTork. night. •' jg •
from 30 and 40 down to 12 to 1 and finish
ing strong cleverly downed Charlemagne
for toe fifth event, a seven-furlong selling
affair. Behind him finished Hermanita,
the 2 to 1 choice, 0. ive and oihur lair per
formers.
The final five-and-a-half-farlong dash
went to Dan boy, which, favored by a poor
start, le i throughout and won handily
from Suisnn, the favorite. Santa .faula, a
100 to 1 shot, was third.
NOl'ts.
The big 10.000 Burns handicap is the
feature of the card to-day. A rare good
field lines up and as the track will be fast
a splendid trial of speed and endurance
can be looted forward to.
Following are to-day's entries:
Firs', race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
692 McFarlane.....lOs 825 McXac 101
»34 Mo lie U.. 104 .... My Sweetheart. 10 7
.... Polaakl 106 790 Mai. toon 106
(825) Dr. McA Ulster. 106 8.0 La Ma.nc0:»....1(H
827 Masoero 18 823 Sen. Mahoney.lo3
713 Una Que Amo.lol 823 Kowalslcy 10 i
826 Monitor ...106 hapido 106
810 Alvero 103
Second race, thlrteen-sixteenths of • mile.
824 Lena 103 781 Tempestuous . - 109
830 TwlnicloTwtntc.lOd 782 Kosalba 10 »
- BhO Quantrell 108 1 «52 Jnflammator.
835 Kieczi 112 841 Charlemagne... 109
817 larthamax.....lob 805 Horatio. 112
813 Amu. 10i> 8:55 orandez:a 107
(«99)V.ioz 109 774 Tarranto 108
813 Halielujah 103 483 Covaizo. 100
Third race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
803 Meadow Lark.. 106 793 Yemen 109
789 Sehnltz 109 793 Mainstay 116
823 Howard. 109 (739) Tim Murphy. ..lo6
(ho3)San Marco 106 <827)Mobalasca ...... JUI
(7ti6)AmellaFonso..lol 804 Manchester 109
827 Pat Murphy. ...lo6 654 Hymn ....106
(711:.') Babe Murphy. .lo4 .
Fourth race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, the
Waterhouse stakes, value $1260.
( 827) Rosormonde. ... 11 5 j (828) Recreation 120
825 - lchael 118! 838 The Cheat 123
828 Miss Kowena...
Fifth Ma, one and a quarter miles, the Burns
handicap, value $10,000.
815 The Roman 105 752 I.obengula 107
77* Schiller 113 785 Judge Denny. .lo6
(762)&a1vat10n.......X20 26)Kuinart 116
817 Whrel Fortune 117 710 Installator. 112
734 Candelaila 102 '.45 Argentina 112
725 Altamax 100 788 Yankee Doddle 110
8.0 Osrlc 11 96 1 834 Moilie X 90
Sixth race, one mile
817 Torslna 97 ,779) Double Quick. .106
699 Ostler Joe 106 (790)^atiuma 110
790 tasti Kay 113| (771>t ipsanan 110
.... Vinctor 106 780 Imp. Trance. ..lol
(817) Preston llu
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Kowalsky, La Mascot*,
Major Cook.
Second race — Parlharaai, Horatio,
Grandezlak
Third race— Yemen, Mobalasca, Fat
Murphy.
Fourth race— B &W. stable, Michael,
The Chief.
Fifth Kaee — Salratlon, Rninart, In-
Stallator.
Sixth Race — Satsnma, Double Quick,
Ostler Joe.
InVestigated Found Limits.
Supervisors Delaney, Devany, Sheehan and
Haskins took a long carriage drive yesterday
to investigate the question of pound limits. A
number of applications have been filed with
the Supervisors to have ihe limits changed to
conform to the rap.dly growing residence
districts of the City, and the Heal:h and Police
Committee decided to look the matter over
carefully before coming to any decision. A
number of matters pertaining to projected
street work were also investigated.
"Your e^emJT
% stole/
An ene-^^ . „ £7 ' a *
my stolc^^ |fk M his hap
into yourTOg^ *f peneor.
house one^lla. B' • - Simply
day last wce^^ ■/&** :#f , cold
and i^m, #- S "in d cy°S
you lightly jn'flki/They are over-
passing. & You WMfchargedwith blood
thought little of the gi|and inflamed. In-
matter at the time, stead of passing the
for the enemy wasflH waste matter out of
only a vagrant cur-I|||| the body they are
rent of air. damming it up in
nowyouarebegin-t^ the blood - Every
ning to learn whatH™ I*'1 *' Y^ fY*?
misch«f the littkJH^ son in you.
intruder aid, forg|| Normal action
your back isshff and of the kidneys
painfuL Your headßH w iii purify the
aches, and at times blood. Nothing
you feel dizzy. .HHelse will.
is the friend in need. It will reduce the Inflam-
mation, so that the grip on the tissues of the
blood-vessels is relaxed, and the uric acid is
sent on its way out of the body.
Large bottle, or new style, smaller one at your druggists.
<vk eBSFA/^ Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY
20 YEARS' EXPERIENCE.
Recognized by the entire medical fraternity as the
LEADING AN a MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST
IX THE WORLD.
The doctor is a graduate from the best medi-
cal colleges in the world. Diplomas and
licenses hang on the wails of his office. Ho
has had many years of experirnce in the lead-
ing Eastern hospitals, besides his many years
of wonderful success in practice.
He publishes no names of patients nor their,
diseases, but cures them, and any one in need
of his services desiring references can be shown
hundreds of testimonials on file in his office,
which grateful patients have requested him
to use.
117U\7 DO TUE SICK PEOPLE OF
W II V THIS VICINITY CROWD HIS
v t ■m. a OFFICE DAILY?
r> 1~2/ - » AIT C T^ The wonderful
DfcUAUi) t h U av e e S^ea^d n c a o d n c .
fidence and- delight in the haarts of those
who have struggled in vain for years against
the ravages of disease, until the successful
doctor, whose picture appears above, gave
them the opportunity to get well. ■ ■■'■■-'.
BUSINESS MEN
Now realize the fact that DR. SWEANY can be
depended upon to fulfill his promises in every
respect, and he now numbers among his pa-
tients many of the most prominent business
men of this city and vicinity. He treats all
medical and surgical diseases.
VOIIIMn MPINI If y° u are troubled
.IV/Ul>*J ITICrN with pimples, tired
feelings, gloomy foreboding;, palpitation of
heart, hot flushes blood rushing to the head,
ringing in the ears, evil dreams, night emis-
sions, wandering mind, weak, memory, dark
circles under the eyes, dizziness, poor appe-
tite, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
■ ambition and self-confidence, which abso-
lutely unfit you for study, business or mar-
riage, you should take treatment from this
noted specialist before it is too late.
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN
There are thousands of you troubled with wjak
aching backs and kidneys, white or brick dust
sediment in urine, too frequent urination and
other unmistakable signs of nervous debility
and premature decay. Many die of this diffi-
culty, ignorant of the cause. The most ob-
stinate cases of this character treated with un-
failing success. Delay is dangerous.
PR I VATF Dulses-Gleet, Gonorrhea,
aiv . , C Strictures. Syphilis, Hyarol
cele, Vnricocele. Tenderness, Swellings, Weak-
ness of Organs, quickly cured without pain or
detention from business. , -
CAT A R R H-Wnich poisons the breath,
wry ' v«vH stomach and lungs and
paves the way for Consumption, Lung Liver
Heart, Kidney and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula
treated far in advance of any institution in tha
country.
BLOOD AND SKIN s soD or cg ce | p 5 o e ,s:
Pimple*, Sciofula, Ta'nts. Tumors, Tetter
Eczema and Blood Poison, primary or secon-
dary, thoroughly eradicated, leaving the sys-
tem in a strong, pure and healthful state.
I ADIFS If you are suffering from per-
AL " CO sistent Headache or any other
distressing ailments peculiar to your sex you
should consult Dr. Sweany without delay Ha
cures when others fail. " • ""t ..
SCIENTIFIC TREATHENT.
In Seminal Weakness, like all other all.
men's, the peculiarities shown in each cas*
will differ and each case must be studied Dy
itself and treated according to the conditions
existing in that particular case. No two cases
can be cured with the same treatment, as no
two cases are alike. This is why Dr. Sweany
. has to single remedy which he deals out aa a
: "cure-all," nor any mechanical contrivances
such as '-electric belts," which are heralded to
the world as a remedy for all ills. His medi-
cal education condemns such methods. Every
case that ho undertakes to cure is treated
scientifically with such remedies and such
means as in j his judgment that particular
case requires in order to effect a speedy and
permanent cure. .
WPITF Your ■ troubles if living away
VV Xl I C from the city. Thousands cured
at home by correspondence and medicine sent
as directed. Letters answered in English Ger-
man, French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian or
Danish.
Absolute secrecy in all professional dealings.
Office hours: ' 9 to 12 a. m., 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
T. M. Sunday, 10 a: a. to 12 m. Address
DR. F. L. S\VEANY,
737 Market St., San Francisco, Gal.
• (Opposite "Examiner" Office).
•■ '
gl CMeliertef. KaclUk IH*a«d Brand. * -
Pennyroyal pills
P Original and Only Smnlae. A
/Vm n™ l H^ v A," Uabl4 - «>°'« «* fi\
£Ld\JrJtk ""Mlrt t»t Oiiclteutri IfngtUh £.'« /A\
IT •■ •W%i" c * l< * Brand In Ked anil Gold meui:!c\\J#
J& SrpBir3 h3xet • •<■•'<** with blue rthbon. Tmlte VaT
7*7 T^ VBf n<> other. Jttfiu, tangm-M* n.t>,ti*t. ▼
I iTTPERMAi^Nf cure 1
< of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and ? i
< Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 days* no? '
C other treatmentTennlred, and without the nan- 5DID HE MURDER
JOE MANNING?
Officer Clark Thinks He
Has Spotted the
Man.
Arrests on Suspicion a Profes
sional Tramp Known as
M ckey.
lhe Hobo Says He Can Prove H2 Was
Doing Time When the Murder
Occurred.
The police believe they have landed the
murderer of Joe Manning. Manning, a
Barbary coast rounder, v?as shot down in
cold blood in Kayser's saloon, 104 iSonth
Third street, on the evening of December
24. The murder was a particularly das
tardly one, and the escape of the perpe
trator was extremeiy annoying to the
P. A. MICKEY, Hobo by Profession, Who Is Meld on Suspicion of
Being the Murderer of Joe Manning.
police, as the crime was committed in the
presence of several people, yet no reliable
clew could be secured as to the Identity of
the murderer. T;ie latter circum^tunci!
was owing tamely io the character of the
inmates of the resort, who have no friend
ship for police methods, and partly, per
haps, to the suddennes of the onslaught,
the crime having been committed ana the
murderer having escaped before the spec
tators realized wnat had happened.
Manning, according to the confused
Biory which was gleaned from the wit
nesses, was sitting in the saloon, when
nil assailant rushed in and wun an oatb
iired point blank at him, ana without
sioppinir to ascertain the extent of his
ma'efacuon hurried away ani was lost i:i
the crowd on the street.
Among those who saw the shooting a
number were found who claimed it
was done by a man, once a professional
NEW TO-DAY. WiiSk
Motherhood. (^Vwm
A mother who is in good physical condition transmits v - HJ^-jtfN.E^^^^Sl
to her children the blessings of a good constitution. » fJP^^T-s^Kwilisf
The child fairly drinks in health from its mother's *w
robust constitution before birth, and from a healthy ; Q *»
Is not that an incentive to prepare for a healthy jjaL^-" j^&ii^Sa
Do you know the meaning of what " 1? /**& ***■?' ( s^^j<!!r^JL
is popularly called those "long- £\i <i- &■?*'' jA/^^y/^BH
ings," or cravings, which beset so J^p^N \_r^T ' sB&&&i/Lj
many women during pregnancy? '{^/^l) /^^Xvj^^/^^S R^/J^^H
There is something lacking in the j^j&YsJ y) V& ___^ N>^ : s^^*f^
mother's blood. Nature cries out p^^^^-^^Jicf^\ \\ mN.
and will be satisfied at all hazards. '^AC^/ -^^ttf? Jill I/JVn^/j^sl
One woman wants sour things, «fl|> y />^s* '/( A|nwftM > '^P
another wants sweets, another |F_ \\ "^.'i*. *^^^^«^-
-wants salt things, and so on. .il $& ■' ■ \ / "'/ j V^ui2s "*)>
The real need all the time is to f (T<.^ \J .-/ ■ .■'' -jf^v^'sJßc^'Sl
enrich i the blood so as to supply ■ |i/^ V ~ > v : *r^s\ > *"»'Up? 5
nourishment for another life, and jg» ; v, I \ »\ \3i $< >£«&? _j£fi£i
to build up the entire generative lag / A. \ ■*«■ ~^cJtt&f/}^x~aSi
system, so that the birth may be w /^X''\ N. <C nt
possible and successful. f' ' t\ VyS^Z^' Ij^
If expectant mothers would fort- V ft^ » *t' $/ "I J^f O Z-\
ify themselves with Lydia E. Pink- ftp- . "*'. ' h 'Jf \+**"'^^^"~
ham's Vegetable Compound, which J~* /
for twenty years has sustained * . .
thousands of women in this condition, there would be fewer disappointments
at birth, and they would not experience those annoying "longings."
In the following letter to Mrs. Pinkham. Mrs. Whitney demonstrates the
power of the Compound in such cases. She says:
From the time 1 was sixteen years old till I was twenty-three, I was
troubled with weakness of the kidneys and terrible pains when my monthly
periods came on. I made up my mind to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound and was soon relieved. After I was married, the doctor said I
would never be able to go my full time and have a living child, as I was
constitutionally weak. I had lost a baby at seven months and a half. The
next time I commenced at once and continued to take your Compound through
the period of pregnancy, and I said then, if I went my full time and the baby
■^ lived to be three months old, I , should send a letter to you. My baby is now
Seven months old and is as healthy and, hearty as one could wish. .
*I am so thankful, that I used your medicine, for it gave me the robust
health to transmit to my child. I cannot express my gratitude to you; I
never expected such a blessing. Praise God for Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and may others who are suffering do as. I did and find relief, and
may many homes be brightened as mine has been." — L. Z. .Whitney, 5
George St., E. Somerville, Mass, ' ■ ■ '/.. .. -—■ — .\. "— ; " ' '- '■'■'—^ '^' v
ball-player, known as David Foss. The
detectives wonted on this clew for a long
time, and at last managed to locate Foss.
He was located in the far E st, and was
able to prove conclusively that he was not
in the vicinity of San Francisco at the
time of the murder.
At this point the sleuths were for a time
stalled.
A short time ago Police Officer L. C.
Clark was notified by a friend that the
murderer 01 Manning was not Foss, but a
man known amoni; the knights of the
road as Micfcey.
Thursday a man seeking a dime ap
proached Clark's informant while the lat
ter was conversing witn the officer who
was in citizen's dress. Clark was in
formed that that vai the man wanted
and the mendicant was put under arrest
for begging. Yesterday Sophie Smith, a
character well Known on the "coast,"
identified Mickey sis a roan glie had left to
consort with Manning previous to the
murder.
Mickey, who gave his name as Lano
when arrested but afterward admitted he
was known as P. A. Mickey, denies any
knowledge save that which is common
property among the "hoboos." He says
he csn easily prove that he wa-; "doing ten
i ays " for va K r ancy, under the name of
I 1 rank Johnson, at the time of the
murder.
Mickey is a professional tramp. He
says he has been on rhe road ever since
the war.
UNHAPPy CINDERELLA.
She Sue* for a Divorce Ir m Her Un
satisfactory ••Prince Arthur."
Cinderella Coover has sued for a divorce
from Arthur Coover on the ground of
failure to provide the common necessaries
of life. :
T.i<» papers in the case do not disclose
the cause of Arthur's nfiglect to furnish
"bread and butter for his little wife. It
ruay be developed in the course of the
litigation that he expecied Cinderella to
brine to his hearth a troupe of fairies who
wonld be able to supply the commonplace
nrticles of domestic consumption in ad
dition to the gia^s slippers required to
maintain the romantic surroundings
bsential to the lady's musical and
iependary name.
At nny rate Mrs. Coover's "Prince
Arthur" ban not proved a satisfactory
mate and the disenchantment having
taken pi-ce *he .« n eks a separation.
Jolin V. Kirn ball has sued ior a divorce
from M.-ibeJ Kirn ball mi tv© t: round that
slj«- is addicted to intemp. r >nee.
Heinricb. berth complain* that his wif*»
Louisa hasde«ened him, and consequently
he demands a divoici*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
MISS LIN OY
TURNED LOOSE
Condemned by a Court to
Stay Here Unwill
ingly,
Although She Says That She
Was Landed by Rank
Perjury.
Manner in Which the Chinese Ex
clusion Act Is M de the Sub
ject of a Lurksqus.
Mongolian perjury yesterday wiped out
the victory achieved by justice on the clay
before by United States Commissioner
Heacock, when giggling Miss Ying was
remanded inio custody for deportation to
China, by the discharge of two of her
chums who came over on the same
steamer with her.
One of those maidens, Wong Lin Oy,
was taken before Judge Heacock yester
day for examination as to her right to
land here, it being claimed by the Govern
ment that the testimony given before
Collector of the Port Wise on ■which she
had been permitted to land was false, and
that instead of being a native of San Fran
cisco she was a native of China, and there
fore excluded by the act of Congress.
. It appears that after Miss Wong Ling
Oy was landed, she and fifty- nine others
were fcund to be leading immoral lives in
Chinatown. They were taken to lie Chi
nese Piesbytenan Mission,' where Miss Oy
said that she was a native of China, had
never been in the United States before,
and that the testimony on which she had
been admitted to this country was per
jured. She flatly contradicted everything
to which she had sworn before Collector
Wise.
When this fact came to the knowledge
of the United States authorities Special
Inspector De Witt C Jackson swore to a
complaint against the three score maidens
I and they were arrested. It has now passed
; into history that they were allowed to
, land, with three exceptions, including the
singling Y'inp. Alter these arrests were
j maiie Inspector Jackson and other officers
scoured the Chinese quarter in vain for
the witnesses who swore that some of the
women were natives of San Francisco and
mat the remainder were entitled to land
on other grounds. Bui they failed to find
a solitary one of the Chinese shopkeepers
and merchants who had appeared child
like and band be.'ore Collector Wise and
I who had sworn to the things that were not.
So when the giggling Ying last Thurs
; day and the oletiginous Oy yesterday were
1 tried before the United States Commis
-1 sioner a brand new lot of Chinese swear
; ers were m attendance. They swore that
Miss Oy was a native of San Francisco;
i that they knew her father, and so forth.
; notwithstanding the fact of her denials in
the Presbyterian Mission. She was not
called as a witness herself, because she
I was the defendant, and she could «not be
( compelled to testify against herself. Her
j statements made in the mission were not
, corroborated, while there were half a
j dozen witnesses who swore otherwise.
The Csmmi- sioner accordingly decided
: that he would recommend Miss Oy's dis
; charge. ; His action was approved by the
! United States Attorney, who moved, also,
' that the same action be taken regarding
; the other defendant. The motio.ii was
i granted, and Judge Morrow mad* an order
! in the afternoon releasing the women.
"Alter she was arrested &he denied
! everything that she had sworn to before
1 the Collector." said Commissioner Hea
: cock to a Call reporter yesterday. "They
, btought in the affidavit? marie before the
j Collector, and then the question was,
'when id she tell the lie There. was no
! testimony whatever to corroborate her
contradiction, and there was no alterna-
I tive but to discharge her."
It will be interesting to watch the prog
ress of the case against the two Chinese
women detained at the Presbyterian mis
sion kb witnesses against Miss Yinf*. One
of them swore that she and the Ying
woman were born in China, and had led
GEORGIA CAYVAN, Who Has Come to Charm Theatei-Goers
Once More.
immoral lives there. The other testified
that BDe and Misses Yinp and Oy had
baen coached by a Chinaman to swpnr
th'ttthey wern native- of San Francisco.
Will they also be allowed to land?
If the rul« should be followed out the
Commissioner must decide that what they
said in the nn«s on i* not to be believed
and that the half dozen Bices highbinders
posing as merchants and storekeepers
must b? believed, and the women will be
turned loose upon the commutiity.
Collector Wise admitted that Chinese
women who have no neht to be here are
landed, but that is the fault of the evi
dence, not the Collector. It apparently
reputab c Chinese swear that they kno«
those nirJa and their father* and that they
are natives of the United States, ihere m
o other course left but to allow thorn to
land. He cannot refuse them that privi
lege on general principles, as he has been
often advised to do, for the court will see
that the rights of the defendants shall be
maintained.
"When Chinese Women go to those
Christian missions," asked Mr. Wise,
"why don't the missionaries turn the
women over to the Government for de
portation ? The reason is that the mis
sions want to keep these women in the
country to reform them. It is their duty
to bring the c women before the court
and have them deponed."
Lawyer Mowry will appeal fiom Com
misv.onr-r Heacock's decision in the , cate
of Miss Ying. - ,
>■ The manner in which immoral Chinese
women effect a landing here is somewhat
of a farce. All that is required under the
existing law is to have naif a dozen al
leged shopkeepers swear that the women
are American-born and then have the
women coached on board the steamer or
in China before they leave. Should there
be an arrest after they are landed by the
Collector the first batch of perjurers may
remain in hiding and a second batch may
be secured for $5 a head.
' And in the midst of all this burlesque
Justice preserves the gravity of can owl
stupefied with steam beer, while prosecu
tions of Chinese for perjury are 80 rare as
to be invisioie.
TO HONOfi ROBBIE BUENS.
The .Entire Proceeds of the Caledonian
Games to t»o Toward a Monument.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Burns'
monument committee was held in Scot
tish Hail lost evening. The sub-commit
tees reported having about filled the
membership of the general committee by
adding the following:
John D. McGilvray, Captain R. Sudden,
James Spiers, ( aptain Thomas Mem, Key. Dr.
Million, Rev. Dr. Mackenzie. A. B. McCreery.
Robert DickS'U. James Dunn, Colonel Wlllism
McDouald, Dr. W. F. McNutt, Judge Belcher,
Wunerai J. G. Wall, Davlii Kerr, Jonn Center.
James S. Webster; l'eter Thompson, Oakland;
David Jacks, Monterey; William Rennie
Sunta Cruz; Willimn Barr, Sau Rafael; Hon.
J. A. Louttit, Stockton.
The committee on membership re
ported thai the names yet lacking would
be added in a few days and that a gen
eral meeting of the entire committee
would be called at an eaHy date, after
which active operations would be com
menced.
A committee, consisting of James Aic-
Nab, John McLaren and William Nicol,
was appointed to act in conjunction with
the committee of tue Caledonian
Club to arrange some special leatures for
the Caledonian games, which take place
or. the last Saturday in Muy, tho entire
proceeds of which will go to the Burns
monument fund. An immense gathering
is already assured.
A Union M»««- %!»-••! in jj.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock Arch
deacon Percy C. Webber of Boston, evangelist
of trie Episcopal Church, will address a union
ruass-meetiiii; of nil ih«j City churches at tne
Younc Men's Christian Association Auditor
ium, Mu.son and Ellis streets, special musip.
Mr. Webber will fpeak on a selected theme.
He Is an exccedlDßly interesting and able
speaker, and has been denominated "the
Moody of tbe Episcopal Church." The service
at the Association Hull iu-inorr.jw will be free
to the publi<\
SHE LIKES CALIFORNIA
Georgia Cay van Once More
Comes to San Fran
cisco.
On This Occasion Shs Is at the
He?d of Her Own Com
p-ny.
Georgia Cayvan, who occupied such
ample space in the hearts of the local
theater-Koers when last she played in this
City, is again here.
Bhe is a star now. She fays she is not
She says she is merely the head of her
company, bat she is a star now all the
same, ana she :s as well pleased that her
orbit lead? her and her satellites to San
Francisco as when she was just leading
lady and in that capacity captured the
local hearts.
Mist Cay van says sbe is glad to get
back here. "Yon know,' 1 she said, "my
thst, or almost my first, training was re
ceived here. I had only a year's ex
perience when I wa* made leading lady of
the old California Stock Company, and
the critics and every oody were to good to
me that it is little wonder I am glad to
get back.
"1 like to travel at the head of my own
company, .md 1 am anxious to do well.
The work bas become ho interesting, but
in another way than it used to. To feel
the part myselt is not enough, each mem
ber ot the company mu*t feet his or her
part too, then the whole effect is as it
should be.
"Which play do I like the best? I like
ttiem all; it is too hard to choose, so I'll
let the public do that. I will do my best
in all of them."
Miss Cayvan has had phenomenal sue-
cess since she returned to the stage since
r-.er long illness. She will open at the
Columbia on Monday evening in "Squire
Kate. 11
Retreat at St. MmTj'm Church.
The Paaliat Katners will conduct a rotreatof
ono weeic at St ftfar/'f Churcn, California
street, beginning at the 11 o'clock mass to-
Borrow (Palm Sunday). Masses will be taid
at (i:3b. 7 and Ba. M. Special holy week serv
ices «t9 A. M. on Holy Thursday and Good Fri
day, and at 8 a M. on Hoi y Saturday. Devo
tional services with mission «ermon every
evening except Saturday at 7:45. This re
treat will c fiord an opportunity for fulfilling
church precepts. Ail are Invited. Men are
etpeciall/ asked toenme.
The Smallny Conaert.
On Mondty evening next the Smalley Con
cert Company of Chicago will give an enter- i
tainineni at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets,
lor ihe bent-tit of the young men's improve
ment fund In connection with the association
building. It will be the lint appearance of
this noted company In San Francisco, and
their entertainment promises to be'one ol
special enjoyment.
- ntrulli il Hnnor«<t.
Moritz Roscnthal, the noted pianist, passed
through town on Wednesday en route for
Europe and wns pleasantly entertained at
dinner at the Univer.-uy Club by L. S. Sher
man and Louis Leader..
GREATEST OF ALL PHYSICIANS.
Discoverer of Paine's Celery Compound, fo Whom Thou-
sands Owe Their Life and Happiness.
"Eiceptins its handful of magnificent
satesmen and its military heroes," says
the nnst recent writer upon America,
"the people owe more to Dartmouth's
physician- teacher than to any one man.
"In evers walK of life, amon; the high-
est ollice- holders at Washington, in the
homes of the b^st people in the larjre
cities, among tne every -(lav folks of the
country, families in comfortable circum-
stances, families ihat 'live from hand to
mouth' and could not, if they. wished, af-
ford the services of any but an ordinary
phvs cian — every wiiere I have met people
to n-tioru Paine's celery compound has
been a blessing."
The story of the life-work of this giant
among men has been often told and is
fumiliar 10 mot realers. The likeness
above is probably the best portrait of him
yet printed.
It was the world-famed discovery by
Prof. Plielps of an infallible cure for those
fear.'ul ilia that result from an impaired
nervous system and irupuro blooil v?hich
has endeared the great doctor to the
world Ki'.ii made his life an era in the
A CROWN OF LAUREL.
A'bers Dodges the Wreath oi
a Too Ardent Ad
mirer.
"Hsmlet" Attracts a Small but
C amorous Auiience— T;ie Bary
tone's Splendid Work.
It was the benefit ol Henri Albert, the
popular barytone, at the California Thea
ter lust night, and tbe bill was Ambroise
Thomas' "Hamlet," performed for the
first time in San Francisco.
Either of these two events ought to have
sufficed to draw a Rood I ouse, but owing
to the heat or the familiarity of "Hamiet"
as * drama the house was one of the
smallest o. the season.
What was wanting in numbers, how
ever, was made up in enthusiasm. At the
end of the second act, which ends with a
drinking song— a gem of melody splen
didly rendered by Alber? — the hot! c be
cume noisily demonstrative. Not content
with flowers and bravos one enthusiast
rose up in his box and hurled a big wreath
of laurel on the stage, which Hamlet
dodged with neatness ami dezteiity just
when ii was about to strlKe his manly
brow.
There was no doubt about the favorable
impression made both by the opera of
"Ham. el" and the splendid work of the
principals. Practically it is a ter.orless
opera, for the part of Lseries, although
well performed by Deo, was too small to
have much effect on the general perform
ance.
• The choruses in "Hamlet" are not very
numerous or important, and the burden
of the opera is sustained by the orchestra
and Hamlet, Ophelia, the king, the queen
and the ghost.  . .., . ' :■-[•
Henri Albers in the title-role was splen
didly effective, both vocally and Histrioni
cally, and Mme. Berthet sang the florid
vocal embroideries of Ophelia with de
lightful ease.
It was not till the scene on the ram
parts .with the ghost that Albers had a
chance to astonish his hearers with a dra
matic interpretation" of a. tragic scene
which would have won him applause in a
prose theater. ... . .
As in his Rigoletto one was almost
tempted to forget His fine voice and beau
tiful phrasing in the dramatic power of
his acting. The invocation to the ghost,
"0 mon pere, O mon roi," .' and the whole
succeeding scene of horror, where Hamlet
learns of his mother's infamy, were acted
and sung with intense expression and feel
in*.*. ■'. '■'■ -.■ , • '...-■ - '■. ■ ... .r .;..
In the succeeding garden scene Mmc.
practice of medicine.
Prof. Phelps was barn in Connecticut
and graduate. l in medicine at Yale.
His unusral talent soon brought him
reputation and prominence among h ; s
pro;es*io!ial brethren. First he was
elected to the professorship of anatomy
and surgery in the Vermont University.
Next he was appointed lecturer on materia
r.iodica and medical botany in Dartmouth
College. The next year lie was chosen
Droiessor of the chair then v.icated by
Prof. Robby, and occupied the ciiair, the
most important one in the country, at the
time when he lir-t formulated his most
remarkable prescription.
In view oi the overwhelming testimony
to the value of Paine's celery compound
that has recently appeared irom men and
women of national reputation, the picture
of F:of. Phe p=* s rart:culariv interesting;
Trie fact i-, Pam^'a celery compound is
not a patent medicine; it is notas.Hrsapa-
rilla; il is not a mere to;iic; it is not an
Ordinary n»mn« — it is as far beyond them
nil ns the d amund is superior to cheap
glass.
it makea people we:l. It is tlieone true
spec ric recogniz ■■<! an'l pr?srr;b?d to-day
Bertliet not only sing charm iQrly, but
acted with creat exoressioo, particularly
at the point Vtiew Ophelia expresses her
despair at Hamlet's neglect. In tiie suc
ceeding duet with Ophelia Mm?. Fremeau-
Beuati, the conti;; to, sanj: exct-llently.
The opera of "Hamlet" may surprise
and even shock reverent lovers "of Shakes
peare by its variation!! from the piny; but
considered only as an opera it is very ef
fective.
The score is much heavier and the
themes less melodious ii>an in the prnty
opera coimque ''Million"; but this lij to
be expected in grand music, and even on
a first hearing tne score revealed many
beauties which were appreciated by the
audience.
La«t Xißht'a Alarm*.
The alarm sounded from box 139 at 7:10
o'clock lust evening was for a fire caused by
the explosion of a coal-oil lamp in a frame
dwoiling occupied by M. Shawl, 806,^ Geary
street. The loss will not exceed S?'JSO. The
alarm from box 13S at 7:20 o'clock p. m. was
from a hazing ash bnvrel in the rear of a
dwelling occupied by George Garicevinh. 109
Austin street. The damage was slight. F;re
caused by suarks, broke out in the cupo.o of
the Industriui Iron Works, Beale street, nenr
Folsom, at 10 o'cioik last evening. The blaze
NEW TO-DAT.
CURED THREE YEARS AGO.
Mr. J. li. Cordes of Alameda Was Perma-
nently Cured of Rheumatism.
■ \<',f>, u.vE&.'<s ALAMEDA, Cal., April 8. 1897. t
. \V^ '•^^^^tf^M^l-:, D R - A. T. BANDEN'— DEAR SIR: WHEN I
<&&*&'£&, Jj TSSVilki^." ' *~* S et one of your Belts -bout three years
1 r€<S&sr/4'J' / W&i f '■ ' *?<S^ : '£7 ''y%- »go l was troubled with rheumatism in my
Mff /-KAiSaL" 'J&7*. fJMpa'f/Vk arm nd shoulder. . I got so bad tnat I could
»' /;'ifi!**»V»^V<;?2SS /^ m not lift my arm. I had tried ail kinds oi lini-
BflfeJUJ^ • '" "''" '" ; sswvi:"3 ments without results and doctors tailed to
BNl^.//, '■''?TjMI cure me. Yourßilt, tuou»h, relieved the pain
Ki^Vv'*^iL_ ■ ,-. .i hi. , ' "'{■'/ J^sS**^fS at once, find :n two montns I was a well man.
K ii Fii^S4«>^a&% ii*-** 1 ] "^>fl B 1 have not been trout ted with it since, and
>9a^s^slS&J^&YMri^^S33^l .'JugF fee. a great deal better and stronger in every
livs99fiEaß((£sjlfiil& f^^-'Ji?^'^*^^ respect. Mine Is a permanent cure, I am
- • '■"rfY^^^nft^WHßfrßtorlil&Bi** I^^' recommend ng- your Belt to all sufferers.
/VlTljV^- I 'TpjnST' " Yours truly, Clara avenue,' Alameda, Cal. •
' ; '" ! 512 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda, Cal.
There may be " 7if When you buy ■-
Cheaper Belts, <$$&' an >»pplia>ic« to Whatever the cause, or wherever it lies, Dr.
but there are OT%Kct..r« H^lth Sanden's Electric Belt will follcnv the course
none a, B ood. |fcou don't .ant Th ™ m^ ■*"* the SC . ftt Of the
''>ytt\x trouble. Then it will drive it out of the body
<v * a toy. for good. Electricity, iv its subtle way
strengthens the circulation, adds to the vital force and removes (because of all pains and
aches from the body.- Dr. Sanden's Belt is the most perfect means of applying it. x
Such letters mer.n a great deal to a sufferer undecided as to where to look for aid. They
mean that others' have been.cured. Why not you? Get the book "Three Classes of Men." It
has hundreds of them and full 'information'/
SANDEN ELECTRICCO.,^ C8 M nS &8K&
Office hours— B A. ii. to 8 P. 51. ; Mir.days. li» to I. Los Aimolm Olilc3 204. aouta 3ro*i.
way; Portland. Or.. '^53 Washington street; Denv«r. Colo., 935 Sixteen' street. '
MJ'li..— no mistake m lbs :mmDer-G32 Market street Make note Of 4.
I>K. SANI>KN*rS ELKCTUIC XKUSJ 1 CUKES KUPTUKK.
i by eminent practitioners for diseases aria
1 ing from a debilitated nervous system-
Prof. Phelps gave to his profession a post-
• live cure lor sleeplessness, wasting
J strength. ■- dyspepsia. biliousness, liver
1 complaint, neuralgia, rheumatism, all
I nervous diseases' an kidney troubles.
! For all such complaints Paine's celery
i compound has succeeded again and again
where everything cis • baa failed.
No remedy was ever so highly recom-
j mended, because none ever accomplished
' so much*
. To-day Paine's celery compound stands
without competition for feeding cx 1 austed
! nerves and building up the strength of the
! body. It cures radically and permanently.
The nervous prostration and general de-
biliiy lrom which thousands of women
suffer jo long that it finally gets to be a
| second nature with them — all this suffer-
ing and despondency can be very soon re-
moved by properly feeding the nerves, and
I r-'placing me unhealthy blood by a fresher,
i more hi.-hly vitalized fluid. A healthy
j increase in appetite and ! a. corresponding
j gain in weight and good spirits follow the
use of Paine's celery compound.
■ Painn's celery compound is the most re-
markable medical acnievemen t of this last
i hall of the nineteenth century.
\ras sooi\ exti'muished, the loss only amount
ing to about JOO
Evening Papers iv Litigation.
The suit of the Evening Post Publishing
Company against the Associated Press and
John P. Dunning has been assigned to Judge
Hebbard of the Superior Court for trial-
Pending ar^unu-nt Judge Hebbard has issued
a writ of injunction to prevent ihe defendants
from iurnisuing any newspaper reports or
telf-grapnic dispatches to the Daily ban Fran
ci.-cu Report. McGowau & Squires are attor
neys for the Post Publishing Company.
Fnth*r lorke at J'elaiutna.
PETALUMA. Cal., April 9.— The local
theater was crowded iast evening by an
audience gathered to Ji«ten to an eloquent
discourse from Rev. Father Peter C.
Yorke on "The Pop? and the People."
Preceding the lecture vocal music was
rendered and the St. Cecile Mandolin and
Guitar Club gave selections. Father
Yorfco was introduced by F. A. Meyer.
Duriug bin stay here he is being enter
tained by Fathers Cieary and Leahy.
The Dutch people consume more to
bacco per head than the people of any
other country.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
6VMMAKY OF THE MAKKKXS*.
Rice firmer.
Wool rules stiff.
Wn-ai Futures off again.
Barley firmer.
Other Cereals dull.
Bran and Middlings advanced.
liny weak. Beans dull.
Amtraliau Onions arrived.
Vegetables geueraily weaker.
Baiter coming iv toft.
Cheese and Kggs as before.
Hens and Old Hoosteri lower.
More Strawberries in.
Apples and Oranges unchanged.
Dried Fruit neglected.
Another decline in Hogs.
Lam bs weaker.
Fifteen Failures last week.
THE WKJEK'S FAILUEEI.
Tne Brarlstreet Mercantile Agency reports 15
friltiresfor the Pacific Coast States and Territories
Jo the week ending yesterday as compared with 17
Kr the previous week and 21 for the correspond Ing
*ren or 1F96. The failure;! for the past week are
divided among the trades as follows: 1 furni
ture, 2 grocers, 2 eenerai stores. 1 plumbing, 1
n-ood and coal, 1 floris:. 1 notel. 1 livery, 1 sad
dlery and harness, 2 saloons, 1 restaurant and 1
hotel.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgui«*
•t station Indicate maximum temperalnr" for tho
lieys: those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainta'.l, of melted snow in inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or sOiid]
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word 'hißh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to" low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloud t. weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in tho interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low- Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weether may be expected in Rummer and colder
weather iii winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States DvrABTStEST or .Agricul-
TrBJ-, Weather Bureau, ''AS Francisco,
April 9. 1897, 5 r m.— The follouins are ;he rain
falls for the past 24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Kureka, past 24 hours .03, this season 48.04
last sfaion 38 11: Red Bluff, pas'. J4 hours. oo.
this season 23 7>, las season 17- 15: San Fran
Cisco, past -4 bours .00. this season .2.57, last
season 17.05; Fresno, past 24 hours, .00. this sea
son 10.53, last season 5.97: San Luis Oljispo. pa.it
24 hours .09. thi-, season - J0.71. last seas n 15.71;
Los Angeles, patt -4 hours .00, this season 16.74,
last sfason H*S\ han Dieeo, past 24 liours 00,
this sfa->ou 11.63, last season 5 68; Yurua. past 24
--hourt .00 this season k.86. last season .88.
>an Francisco <laia— Muximum temperature 81,
minimum 54. mean 68.
Weather condition* and general forecast*:
Fair warm went her continues tnrbughout the
recioa west ot the Itocky Mountains except in
Washington, where the skies are becoming cloudy.
The temperatures in California approximate the
highest recorded darine the first ten days in April
since the we&'.her bureau was established. Tem
peratures exceeding 81) decrees are reported from
every station In California except Eureka. The
temperature at San lego was, £8 decrees, which
Is 2 degrees hither than any previous record dur
ing the first ten days in April. At San Francisco
the maximum temperature to-dny was 81 degrees.
Tim was icached on April 10, 1890. and has not
been exceeded at any time during the first decade
01 April.
It now seems probable that coo or weather will
occur a.oiiK the California coast urday evening.
Forecasts made at San Franci»ci> for 30 hours
ending at mldnieht. April 10. 1897:
>or:h--r;i California— Fair saturdiy: probably
cooler along the central and southern coast Satur
day afternoon; light variable winds, shifting to
brisk westerly along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday: probably
cooler along the coast Saturday afternoon: light
northerly, probably shifting to brisk westerly
winds on th coast.
Nevada— b air >aturd:"V.
Utah and Arizona— Fair; warmer Saturday.
San Francisco and viclnitv — Fair Saturday, prob
ably becoming cooler Saturday afternoon; light
variable winds, shifting to brisk westerly Sat
urday afternoon.
W. H. Hammo.v. Forecast Official.
M.W VOKK MARKKTs.
Ni;w YORK, N. V., April 9.— The covering by
shcrls in sugar relimng being a feature of the
market for several days and which has influenced
entire speculation appeared to corns to an end to
day. AillS, the highest price recorded for the
stock, the recent urgent demand seemed fully sup
plied, aud a reaction of nearly two points occurred,
which left the stock fractionally lower than yes
terday. An sood as the general list showed signs
of hesitation the professional element apparently
came to the conclus on :hat the rally or -htfiast
three uays had run its course, and in cons -quence
a fairly nggrensive selling movement developed.
A more pacific outlook In the Levant and ex
tremely easy money in London were favorable in
fluences, the maiKei closing steady at fractional
recove les.
Bar silver t 6 16;&
Stering on London, 60 days 4 86V2
Sterling on London, sight 4 88
D. S. -'s, ret istend 9tf 50
U. a 4's, new I«j4 76
U. a. 4's, new, coupon 124 75
£•!■*> HI 60
L. fa. 4>.coud 113 00
U.S. £'».... 11*50
U. s. s'«, conpo 114 00
SUGAR— tuba,cenlrifugal, 3%?.
GRAIN KKEIGhT6-.\ew York to Liverpool
by steam, 21/gd. .*"~t
WHEAT- 10:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2-10
M »y "1^ 72^ 72% 7^l^ 71%
Jal.- 7- 72 72i/ 727 /8 705/!
September 70S/» 701/4 70S/ 70i/« eK-
sspo. easy; f. o. b. No. it red, '63 c; No. 1 North
err. spr nc Duluth, 781/B=-- Xc * hard winter
713/ c Fu ure« declined ;%32c C;osln» May
71S/ 8 c: June, 703 /4 c; July. 70% c: September
657/ B e.
Fi-OL'R-Ljwer la sympath/ with wheat, but
trade qtile. hi decline.
PRO » ISIONS- Lard steady. Prime. «4 Ssi/_-
Pork dull, but steady: M^-s 88 75a9 25.
TALi.OW— Quo;«-d at S8/ 8 -. **
UTTER— Lreanu-ry Western fancy. «oc.
EGGS— State and Pennsylvania fresh, 0»/iaiOc-
Western do, 9M|C * w '
stocks and BONDS.
Opening. doting.
American Sugar $I*. 6jia, 3113 3? V*
American Sugar Pfd :. 102 87V?
American Tooacco 74 621/2 74 6''V*
American Spirit Mig C 0.... I\ib'i\~ la 00
Aichison 10 871* 10 62V«
Chicago 80 75 81 8712
CB.iQ 72 75 7l6Jv£
Con. Gas ____ "
(.ordage
Cordage Pfd : ,
Denver* Rio Grande Pfd. 34 l"Vi
Delaware <fc Lack a wan a 15ai°i2
Erie . __: /a
FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
w
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
(.•E.NTFAIOFriCIC '
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. fur ly A Atkinson.
Managers. Tel. Main 5144. .
Uptown Office— Baldwin .Hotel . adjoining Grill
Boom). , Tel. Main lv>Bi. . .
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market goo
tatlona, Reference Ist National Bank, 8. r7
CfiiCAGU r JSUV ASH WUta. XV. W YOftX.
• General Electric — — 34 12V4
■l»rse ' Central 79 no 77 •_•»
Kansas <fe Texas. Prd '47 75 27 75
Lake Shore 185 5 1
Louisville <fe Nashville 46 «V% 45 B~Mi
Mannal:an Con 8400 *»5 87Va
Missouri Pacific 15>>7V2 15 12V«
National L-ad 23 60 23 50
New York <fc New England.
New York 1 mini 10!) 62 V 2 100 37U.
North Pacific 1300 1300
North Pacific, Pftl 3i 87^% 86-6
Northwestern 10600 104 50
North American '
Pacific .\i ail 27 12Vi 26 75
Pullman
Rock Island 6300 b'J 62V 2
Reading 21 CO 20 25*
Hi. Paul 73 r>o 73 00
Texas Pacific.
Tennesse? Co.l <fe Iron 24 H7Vi 24 37%
I'uion Pacific 5 75 5 73
U. S. Lenther .
U. S. Leather, Pfd 55 12V- 65 I-%
Western Union 8175'" Ml 60
Wabasti, Pfd
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April B.— Beginning about fire min
ums to 12 o'clock 10-day. when May wheat had
reacted from 07c, to which price It had *ralu» lv
risen, to around 66Vs c . a stampele commenced
which within fifteen minutes tumbled the price to
64% c. The break was due par.ly, It is said, to
the renewed bear operations for A. J. Weil, but
more largely to the selling out by RoD'-rt Lind
blora «fc Co. of 3,500,0(10 of long wheat. The clos
ing price for May was 647'gc.
WHEAT— 9:: J .O J0:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
M»» 66S /g 661.4 66% 663 /4 6(Ji/i
i '"-V ««v« 66V« «6V4 eel/* 66 i /a
September 65
12:00 12: 0 1:00 1:15
April
May 6»>V4 — —
July e5^ 8
September
Produce.
RYK-SOc.
BARLEY-23%@34c.
TIMOTHY-$2 tt-^@2 65.
FLAX-71&
CORN— April. 22<y8<a22»4c: May, 23 7402 5&
OATK-April, 16Vi<--; May, 15%@ltic.
PORK— April 98 1j; May, 9- XV.
LARD— April, 94 10: May. $4 UVa
KlliS-Apri:, $1 66; May, $4 ii@4 57 V*
Livestock.
HOOS-Llgtit, S3 90@4 05: mixed. $3 85l&4 10:
heavy. $3 75@4 05: rough. *4 06.
CATTLE— $3 76<56 20: conn and heif
ers. $2@4 30; Texas steers, *3 23@4 30; stockers
and t«(-<i-rs, 93 «004 45.
SHEKP— Market steady; lambs weak. Native
, sheep, »3@5; Westerns, 93 75@5; lamb* $4@4 90.
Receipts— Cattle. 25U0: ho^s, 14,000; sheep,
bOOO head.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
London.
LONDON. Exa., April 9.-Consols, 112 9-16;
silver, 28S/ 8
Liverpool.
WHKAT — Quiet. No.l standard California wheat,
28s 9d; cargoes off coast, quiet: cargoes on pas
sage, silently better; Krmllsn country markets,
dull: French country markets, quiet: Liverpool
wheat. No. 1 California, 9s 10V*@<<s ll^d: wheat
in Paris, easy: flour In Paris, dull; weather in
England, overcast.
COTTON -Uplands, 4 l-32d.
FUTURKS.
I he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
Ss 7d: July, 5s 7d: September, 556y 2 d.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 87
Sterling Kxchange, sight — 4 881,4
sterling Cables — £ bh\-,
New York Exchange, Bight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17ij.
>iue silver, per ounce. — 61'<
Mexican Dollars 49^ 60
PBODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Another drop at Chicago depressed
futures, as will be seen. Spot quotations are
largely nominal, as there are no buyers In market.
Quoted at SI 17i /3 f1,l "0 t* ctl lor common grades,
$1*25 for average No. 1. ft H7 l /-! for choice and
$1 3J©l 40 V ctl for extra choice milling.
CAM. BOARD sai vs.
Informal- Skssion— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 c la. $1 09. 10,000, $1 C9Vs- Mav— 2ooo
81 20; 4010, *1 lSi a . ' '
Secokd mission— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 17: 2000.
*L 17Vi: -'000. $1 16M,: 2000, $1 16»/i: 2000!
91 lt>;.-Jo>o. $1 JSJ/3- December -2000. 91 08:
0000. 91 0734: 26.00 V, $1 071;,; 26.0J0, $1 076, 8 .
Hebuub Morning Session — December— 6ooo
ctls. 31 O7J/4; 18,000, 81 07y 8 ; *OJO, 91 07; 8000,
$1 073 8
Afternoon Session — December— 2ooo rtl«
$1071^: v O.OOO. SI /4 ; 2000, $1 07Va: 12,000
*1 OB; 16,001), $1 08' 8 . Mar -6000, SI Lftui
4000, SI 16%. 4>
BARLEY — Feed is rather firmer at 62 Vi@70c;
Brewing, nominal
All. BOARD KALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— alay— 4ooo ctls, 69 a* c. De
cemb r-20tu, dnUt
It eg 1: la R Mohnilno Skssion— No talea.
Afternoon -December— 12,000 ctls,
6hV c. m ay— 6ooo. 67^c: 673/ic.
"ATS— Arc steady, but dulL MiHinic, $1 15@1 20
* ctl: Fancy Feed. $1 25(g>l 30 * Ml; common
White, $1(3,1 10; rood to choice. 81 12Vi'ai 1!" V
» for feed. 9Dc<fl>#l 05; Gray, SI i 0.5,1 17V,-
Surprise, 91 35@1 40 f» ctl. Clipped Oats sell *l«a
2 per ton over me raw product.
CORN- large Yellow, 80@S2%c V ctl: Small
Bound do, 97^c: White. 80@85c t* ctl.
RYK-77V 2 f» ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at «1 15©1 25 V cU.
FLOUR AM) »IILtSTCFJ"S.
FLOUR— Net « ash prices are: Family extras, I
94 75@4 85; Bakers' extras, $4 50@4 65; Super
fine. $4@4 35 9 bbl.
COR.NiIKAL, ETC — Feed Corn, $17 50@18;
Cracked Corn, $18(319 ft ton.
iIILLsTUFFs-Prices In sack* are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
V 100 lbs: Kye Flour. $2 50 ft 100; Rice Flour,
tt, 75; Cornmeal, $2^2 a 5: extra cream do, f 2 75,
Oatmeal, «3 60; Oa: Groats, «4; Hominy, $3 iO@
3 30; Buckwheat Flour, *3 25@3 60: Cracked
Wheat, *3 50; Farina, ?4; Whom Wheat Flour
I $8; Uolled Cats (bbia). f4 75@5 16: Pearl Barley
I *3 70®4; Split Peas, $3 50. Green do, $4 -j5 « 100
lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are BOc higher. Hay con
tinues weak.
BRAN— 813013 50 for the best and $12312 50
9 ton for outxlde brands.
MIDDLINGS — «17@18 for lower grades and
$18 50&19 ton for the best.
FKKDSTDFFB — Rolled Barley, Sl4 60(316-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 SO % ton; jobbing!
$27 60.
HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 60; Wheat and Oat, $7<a
10; Oat, $6@B 60: Barley, $6 50@8; Alfalfa, $6
@7 60: compressed, *6@9 60; slock, $5<256- Clo
ver, f6(0.8 »* ton.
STiiAW— %i bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANB-Bayos quoted at $1 75^195; Small
Whites, Sir* 1 20 per ctl: Large Wnltes, tV<tl ''0
V ell: Pinks. $1 0541.1 20; Reds, $1 10.5,1 20-
Blackeye, $1 60©l 76; lied Kidney. $2@2 50- Ll
mas. $1 60^1 bO; Butters, $1 25@1 60: Pea, 81 10
@1 25.
sKKDS— Brown Mustard, 92 50A2 75: Yellow
Mustard. 81 50 * ctl; Flax. SI 60 * ell; Canary
be*d, 134®<:i/ 4 c iP Ib: Alfalfa, 614 c; Rape, 'iV*®
2»/ic; Hemp. »c; Timothy. 41/ i.c.
DRIED PKAS-Niles, $l@i 20 9 ctl; Green,
91 25@1 40 ii ctl. ~_y .
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Vegetables are generally lower. Arrival of 697
sits Australian Onions, wh cb will be sold to-day.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. lOls^c^ tt. Sweet
Potatoes $i@l 76 1?. ctl: Early hose, 65@75c
9 ctl; River Keds, tSs@76c: Burbank Heedlings,
4.'.@fisc'^cM for Rivers, 90c@$l 10 for Salinas
, and 60(575c for Peta.umas; Oregon Barbaaks, 65c
61*1 10.
ONIONS— Oregon*, $2 50©3 t> ctl. Cot Onions,
8-' V* sack.
VEuETABLKS— ReceIms wen» 671 boxes As
paraeus. 775 boxes Rhubarb and 328 ska Peas-
Hothouse Cucumbers quotable at M)r(a)s] 25 9
dozen; Asparagus, 2<&3 ■ ■$ Ib for common, 4®sc
V Ib for choice and ifg,7<; 1* Ib for lancy: Rhu
barb, lCc<ijßl -f, box; Marrowfat !-f)iiash, 87
(3>H f, ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, — * box:
Mexican Tomatoes. 9Kai 50 ?4 box: Dried
Peppers, 6@«c > ft; Green Peas, 2(g,3Vic; Los
Angelet string Weans B®loc V Ib: Drie I Okra, 8
@9cJ» Ib; Cabbage, 40@50c Carrots, I:s®
dOc V sack: Garlic, 1 Visit 2c * Ib.
BUTTKK, CHEKSE AND ECOS.
BUTTER-Is weak and dull. Arrivals are get
ting soft, o wing to the hot weather.
onds^eKc* \°g Creamerl » 8 - 13@13iic; ..e-
Dairy— Choice to fancy, ll@l2c * &>; lower
grnil— B@luc. -
Pickled— 13y @l 9 Ib for new.
Firkin— 13<ai4c * Ib for new.
Creamkky Tub— New. 14(itl4V3C » tt>.
CHEKsE-i boice mild new, «V 2 «t7c ft Jb: com
mon to good, 6iAS66c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc-
Ytoiu America, 7©Be; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
(£iii be (4 St.
EGGS— Previous prices rule. Arrivals are larger.
Ranch 111a,«12c-; store Eggs, 10Vi@llc*
dozen; Duck Eggs, 14»15c * dozeuT
POULTRY AND GAJIB.
POULTRY— OId boosters and Hens are lower
under heavier arrivals.
* Live Turkeys, lt@l 6c for Gobble™, 15@16c for
Hens: Geese $ pair, 82@2 25: Goslings, $2 60©3;
Ducks, $5(0,6 50 for old and 97 tO@B 60 for young;
liens. *•»»:. 60: Boosters, young, $6 60647 50 ■
do, old, «404f>0; Fryers, 60; Broilers, 84@5
for large and 82 60@3 50 for small: Pigeons, *T&
2 25 * doz for young and 91 50 for old.
GAME— Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits, 91 25 for Cot
tontails and *1 for amitl!.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Several email lots of Strawberries came in and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
sold at t0(375c t» basket. Eastern Apples sold at
$4 50 bb.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. S I@2 ii box. '
CITRUS Fit CITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $1 75@i3 25 V) box; Seedling. 75<-(&iJl 25 «i
box; Mediterranean Sweets, $1§ 100 %» box;
Lemons, 75c@$l 25 lor common and $1 50®
for pood to cnoice: Mexican Limes, 94 V bus;
California Limes. 75c: Bananas, 91&2 ft bunch;
Pineapples, $2(34 «t doz. .
DRIED FKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4@sV%c 9 Ib; fancy, 6c %l lb: peeled,
10tel2Vic; Apricots, B@8c; Moorparks, 10@12c;
evaporated Appies, igi'ic; sun-dried, 'Jfe^Vic;
Prunes. 2V4@ii^ic for the 4 sizes: white figs, 3c;
Plums, 4fai-i Vie lor pitted and I<sl Vbc for unpit
ted: Nectarines. 3i/.@si/jjcV Ibfor prime to fancy:
Pear*, ' ._.u7 4<- for whole, 2V^@sc for quarters and
3@4c for halves.
RAISIN
Four-crown, loose, 5%c; 8-crown, 4140; 2-crown.
3S/gc V- Ib: seed ess Julianas. b(dfr\> 2 c; seedless
Muscatels 4 Vie: 8-crown London layers. *I@l V 5:
clus.e-s, * 1 6u; Dehnsa clusters, $'- 60; Imperial
clusters, $2 50; dried Krape* out.
UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8^10c; Walnu's,
6%@7c V lb for standard and 9»t9V&c v tb for
Roftstiell; Almonds, ti'SK'jic for Languedoc, 3@
3%c for hardshell *nd B(gi9e «* Ib for papersheli;
Peanuts, 4@6c f, lb tor Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, ?<^6c ?> tb; Pecan*, 7V 2 a
8c» lb: Filberts, 7i/:@8c; Brazil Nuts, 7%©« c;
Co< oauuts $5(0.5 50 t* 100.
HO.NKY-Comb, 10@12Va for bright and sr<S9c
for lower grades; water-wuite extracted, s®si/iC:
light amb»r extracted, 4V.@43ic; dark amber,
4<B4^c; dark, 2@Hc %> lb.
BEt:awAX-22@25c >k tb.
provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7c » lb forheavy, 7%c
» Ib for light medium, 10c for light.. lOi/jC %* Ib
for extra light and I9e '*■ tb for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams,* 12»/ a c V lb; California
Hams, lie ft tb: Mess Be*>f, 99 9 bbl: extra
mess do, $9 SO: family do, ?10@10 50; extra
prime Pork, 98 60; extra clear. $11 r bbl; mess,
91 V bbl; Smoked Beer, 10c * tb.
L vRU— Eastern tierces are quo tod at 6^4c for
compound and t;y 2 (<i,7c for pi. re: palls 7Vac;
California tierces, 4 1 -.c for compound and 61' for
pure: half-bbls, 7c: 10-Ib tins, 7y 2 c; <1o 6-tb 7!«4c.
COTTOLEXE— in tierces aud 7^i@BV»c in
10- tb ins
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c;
medium. 7c "p tb; light, 7c i> lb; Cowhides, 7c:
Stags, 6c: salted Kip, 7c %l tb: salted Calf, 8c:
salted Veal. 7c; dry Hides. l!2V^ol3c; culls and
Drands. 9Vs@loc y lb; dry Kip and Veal, 9@loc;
dry Calf, .6c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20©35ceach;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer, "5c V lb:
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; !*beepskins, shear
lincs, 10@V0c each: short wool. 2&@35c each;
medium. 30(g»45c each: long wool*. 40(<£60c eacn:
TALLOW— No. I, rendered, S@3Vic tt lb; No. 2,
2V4jc; refined, sc; Grease. *c «* IL.
WOOL— Jacob Wollner's circular says: "We
have a lively, active market tor mostly all kinds
or Wool and at pn-ei that cannot bo realized In
Eastern seaboard markets. It is mostly all specu
lative, as our purchasing; brokers for Eastern ac
count cannot ge. any orders for Wools at prices
pevaillng. The arrivals this week have been very
iibera', amounting to about 40U0 bains. All the
Wools thai hare come in so far are in excellent
condition, being brighter and lighter than last
year. Especially is this a fact of Nevada Wools,
which will shrink fro v 3% to V>% less than last
year. Prices are well sustained. M-ourlnu-mils
cannot operate In this market as all the Wools
that have come In so far are shipping Wools.
Wools are graded and shipped East, as fast as they
come In. London auction sales closed on Satur
day last with a very strong tone. The Eastern
markets are reported active withstood deal of
Wool selling, but like In this market It is mostly on
speculative account, nit hough a>:ood deal is taken
by the mills. All we have to look for now is for
the >••■!. •• to pass the D I ml- ley bill at an early date
aud adopt the amendment of the House that the
bill should go Into effect on April Ist. : Of course
there h a diversity ot opinion as to whether thw
law will sustain the action."
spring clip ii quoted as follows: Mountain,
ll@l4c ~t Ib: Foothill, lO.al'j: a c: San Joitquin,
year's clip, 7@)oc; do, seven months, H«tllc f
lb: Nevada*. 10@14c; Eastern Oregon, "(gllOc
Hops— 6@bc lor fair to choice and 8010 c 9 St
for fancy.
GKHE&AX. 31KKC1I AND1SE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, s'/ic: June-
July delivery. 6%0; San Quetuiu, $5 40; Wool
Bags. # .'4@27c.
COAL— Wellington. *8 ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton: Southneld Welllogton, $7 50 > ton
Seattle, $5 50: Bryant. $5 60; Coos Bay, $4. 76
9 ton: Wallsend, $7 9 ton; Cumberland.
$13 50 7) ton In bulk and 15 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania, Anthracite Egg, $ll((Slv; 1* ton: Welsh An
thracite, 9S@lO: Caune!. $8 $ ton: hock Sprlnss,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 tiO; Coke.
$11(312 In hulk and $13 %i ton in sks.
HICK— market Is firm and several descrip
tions are higher Chinese mixed. $3 50@.3 65 V*
«tl: No. 1, $3 75 03 90 V ell: extra No. 1,94 30fg>
4 60; Hawaiian, si *Js(<s4 . 0; Japan, $4 lU($4 60.
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Retintnc Company
quotes, terms net cash: * übeandCruihed and Fine
Crushed. ttVic: Powdered. 5%c: Dry Granulated,
6Vgc: Confectioners' A, 6i/ 8 c; Magnolia A. 4^c;
Extra C, 45/ 8 c: Golden O, 4 y 3 c: Candy Granulated,
51 4 >; halt barrels i.^cinore man barrels and boxes
i.jc more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef Is in good tone. Lamb Is lower. No change
in Mutton. Hogs are still lower, and demoralized,
being too large.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c: second do, 53.V a c.
third do, 4:-l'.' ._>c f* lb.
VEAL- Large. s@6c: small, 6©7 c lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SVa'36c; twes, 5c * lb.
LAMB- Spring, 6@7r \> lb.
PORK— Live Hoes, 3>/2«»4c for larje and 4(3
4i,ic for small and medium; soft Hogs, 2%C£3i4c:
dressed do, r>(s,tii/jc
KtCIiIPTS OF FRODUCJE.
TOR 24 HOURS.
nonr, qr «*«.... 11.124 Bran, sks 8,246
Wheat, ctln. 61.767 UlddUcgi, uv.. 634
Barley. ctls... — . 3 2:*5 Huiur. cu».._ 350
Brans, s ks. 1,»2a Cheeie, cus..,. M 1M
Oats, ctls 55 Kkki. 005.... ."" 25,470
Rye, ctls 460! HldM. n0.... ._ 781
corn. cits 00 Pelt*, bdls. ,■... 255
*' u\ »toes. »it».... 1.8ttulWlB«. gala . ... 40.050
Onions. •*»...._ l". Wool, bis 915
Australian..... 6:7 leather, r0m.... 81
ft ay. tort.i _ 354 | Lima, bbls. ...^,. 3t>o
Straw, tons. 10 Tallow, oil* .... 160
FAMILY XX! VII, UABEET.
Cheese Is cheaper. Jtuiter and Eggs are un
changed.
Koine changes In Poultry mill be seen.
Strawberries are arriving in a small way.
Meats sell nt last week's prices.
Following la Tub Call's regular weeUy retail
price list:
COAT. — PITR TOX.
Cannel — @1O 00 Castle Uata. fCO@IOOO
Wellington. felO 00 Pleasant Val f6o®lo 00
New Wei- Sonthfleld
lington.... — (SIOOO Wellington — ® 960
Seattle 7 60<ai — , Coos Kay ... —& 675
I.AIKY nornicß Km.
Butter, fancy, %* ; Cheese, Swiss... .20(330
nqnare 3Or<£3s Common Eggs 12(jp —
do, '{'. roll SUM - ; Ranch E<tgs«tdz...l6fta —
do. Rood ....... —(($25 Honey.comb, t)lt>.l2((sls
Cheese, cai ..ioy> — j do, extracted.... tX&M
Cheese, Eastern... 1 5®30 |
meats— pkr POtTNT*.
Kacnn 12<ai7 Pork, fresh 12fi»15
Beef, choice 12(815;Fork, salt 10rt$12
do, rood S@lo Pork Chops 12(315
Corned Beef. 8(5.— Round Steak . wall)
Ham, Cal 12Vj<ia,15,Hlrioin Steak... —
do, Eastern 15(316 Porterhouse, d 0 . .. 17@20
Lard _ 12fail5 Smoked Beef <g»1.1
Mutton Bftsl2 Pork sausages... — w)2i)
Umti 10.a.12 Veal 10^15
POUI.TKY AND OAMK.
Hens, earn 50 & 60 Turkeys, H lb. 18«B 20
Young Kuosv Ducks, eacn... 75<a 85
ere, eacn — @ 75 Geese, each.... 1 60®'.! 50
Old Roosters, | Pigeons, $ pr.. 60S 60
each. -a 60 Rabbits, t» pt.. Ss# 40
Fryers, each... 65<a 7: Hare, eacu..... i£>,<J 20
Broilers, each.. 3t<@ 40
1-KiriT* and jcot*.
Almonds, ft th Oranges, fl dox. ...16030
Apples, i» Jh .-. 6<SUOj Raisins, V lh. 8&15
Bananas, t 1 - doz. . . 16@20 Strawberries,
Cocoanuts, each... V.dt to «l basitut... . 1 00@l 25
Lemouus. * d0z....26@30 Walnut* t» lb 15© —
Limes. 9 doz lUf«I2J
VKaKTAun.
A»pararns. H tt>.. 6(«>lsiDrled Okra. 9 1b..12®15
Artichokes, ?,doz..2o@solOnions, "j» n>.. f.y »
Beets, V doz 12(^15 Peppers, dried ...16ffi —
Beans, le * 1b... ;-i(?) 6 do, gre»n ft lb . — fto'-iO
Colored, Jb.... :@ 6 Parsnips, » a0z...i5@20
Lima. V Hi. 4 (A 6 Potatoes, *lb 2(3 3
(Bbbace, each 6&10' Do swe-t, * lb.. :-*<a 4
Caullllowers. each, fttolo Radlshes.Wdzbcna.
Celery. * bunch... 6«— lKhubHrb. %4 lh, ta6
Cress. 9 dzbuncns.2iKs26 Sage, V lb 2!>,'<»35
Uarllc * lb 6'« - String Deans, V* n 1 h'e> —
Green Peas. * lb.. 4.4 6 Thyme, ?i lb 20^30
I*ntll3, t« lb \;ta, frJTurnips. * do* ... 15@2U
Lettuce, 9 d0z . . . . 1 5 Toaiaioea, t» Hi.... luia,ls
Mr 1 fat Squash.* 0, 6@io'
FISH — i>k.r ponvD.
Barracuda 12(SI5;S<>a Bass. . —an —
Carp 6(9 hiSmelts »".'."!" 12(315
Codfish lv>rsls!isoles 10« —
Flounders... 10ft» — Skates, each 6«515
Halibut 12(<91 5 sturgeon —qn —
KlncflsQ ~.... tiftilUiTomcod 12®l.'i
Mackere1.......... -14 -iClams, V (rat -<£S0
do. Horse ........ — ll>o. hardshell. »
Perch 6(3 8 100 50<a —
I'omnano 7 5<a — Crabs, each.. ....12@15
Rocknsh ...12(3— Do % softshell, * dc 25(^35
Salmon, 5m0ked. ..20(4 — Mussels. * qrt 1O(«1J
Salmon, iresn 10® — Oysters, Cal, « 100.40® —
fehriaipa . «t«ilO;Oo, Eastern, V <U.25#40
5had.. ........  B®loi
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Mining stocks w#r» several cents better yester
day and the tone was ti- m.
The Potosl assessment falis delinquent In board
to-day.
Tne Nevada Bank bas declared a dividend for
the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of 6 per
cent per -nnana, payable April li.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay*
month Ik dividend or SO cents per snare oa April
The Pacific Gas. Improvement Co-nDany and
San Jose Water Company will pay monthly divi
dend! of 50 cents per share to-day.
i BOAJUJ SALJSS. .
Followl3 X were i be t*iva in the San Francisco
Mock Poard yesterday:
BIBULAB MORN-IXO 6JCMION\ rOHMUVCIira 9t50.
100 Alt*, .....08 200 CCAV...1.60 100 Ovrmn.._o9
'200 8e1cher... 37 50 Conn. 81 200 P0t051....3S
300 Caled.._..l-J 200 O * C 34 100 s* NT 47
-MM Choir... L.ii | tou ucoldf. 100 Union c.26
'"iW 1.10 100 0ph1r.. .1.01 i IOO X **»»... .28
AIfTKRNOON SESSION — -:SO.
200 Belcher... 39; 10J U&0....37 103 9 Nev....60
10 i K&K......67 103 Ophlr... 1.05 160 W0rd. ..1.60
l"'i Bullion.. .1, 100 Potosi 35 100 Union tX2B
aOOChollar.l.-JS 100 *ava<e....2B !J»*J»«t..29
S*SO CC<tV..l.ti6i*oo Beit 8e1....04i
Following wera Ui« »m. in the Facitic Stock
lomd yesterday :
»F«;ri,AR ftMins
-200 Alpha 1! 100 Conn. 8 3 2O'i 0ph1r....l 10
300 Alt* Oh 50 J C imp.. ..02 M 0 1.07 V
200 Andes 21 -tOU U P0int.. ..18 400 ...... I.ob
200 -I'3'JOO Exchcjr...Oo .0 ■ I'ototi 35
40J Belcher.... 300 ixfcc ....He 900 36
500 UiL 8..... 67*00 H&N 90 6J » M.va;-e....29
-to in1110u.... 10,400 Jasilce.._o;-v3OO Scorpion. .o*
30 J Caleda....li too Keniuck_o6ilo<J hJi.fcA1....04
2uO Cnallce...cb lUUO L Wash. 01 20i> i* N*v._...50
400 37 550 Alexican..46 1200 8H1U....01
800 Choir 1.22% 200 4t 20J Un10u.....27
60OCCdkV...l.b^700 .".".' -..47 .'OO i JM2JU..2B
600 1.67 6MI Occd 17 300 29
iOO .1.70 100 0vrmn....09
4WKRNOOK KESBIOV— 2:3O.
300 Alt*. .. ...08«i>0 CC*V...1.70 300 Ophlr I.OTVs
200 Ande5... . 23 auO 1.6t 100 I.ob
300 3-J 50 Conn 8. v JOO Polosl 36
SOU Belcher.. .. 38400 C Imp 01 160 .....33
20J h*B..> 6- iJi) CPolnL'...l' 100 HaTa««.... -tt
300 671^0) 04CV....361100 Scorpion.. o4
300 .... 66 300 85 100 8 8AM. ...04
100 Bullion.. ..li. 100 U&S 00 1500 b Hill.. .01
300Ca1eda....12 ,iOO Mexican. 47 100 Btanrd..l^
100 Cn11nK«...37 300 4620J Uuluu . .
100 Ch11r.1.22 Vi i« ONv Qn.....0«'700 atf
200 1.200000cc1cU1....17 'X* J1UU....29
200 1.16 200 0Trmn... 09 300 2d
*-i-C>sl.Vt> QUOTATIONS,
FRIDAY. April 9.4 P. If.
fitt.Alktti. Mlit. A.****,
Airw«r««..... 10 11 Inlln «4 05
Alia. ,„ 07 Ob Jmtlc* 03 04
And»«.. ........ 22 23 Kemncfc....._ 05 OH
Belcber 3K 3b Mexican 45 46
Best & Helcasr 64 65 Nevada Qoeea. — Ct>
licntun . — 15 Occldeaial 16 16
«olUoq „ 10 11 uphlr. 1.00 1.05
Caledonia, l:: l: overman...... «j9 10
Chollar 1.10 1.16 t'otosL >. 33 84
C0n.Ca1*Va...1.56 1.6t sa vaee. 27 29
thallena* Cox 37 J>B scorpion.. — 14
Con. Imperil. 02 Ub ~,et>. Belchae... »)8 04
Conndence.... . «l 82 silver HUI 01 13
ton Kew Yo« ll — sierra Nevada 49 60
Crown Point... 16 17 standard 1.60 _
KastßlerraW«? — v srnolcate. ..„ — l*x
tureka Coa ._ _ so UnlouCou..... 26 27
t-xcneauer .... 03 U* t*n 07 18
Uvula scurry. 86 3b • «Uuw J<ui«« 28 29
JiM*«k.Xiiuruc4. b» W
fcIOCK ANI> BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 9—2 P. M.
EXITED MAlts UOSIIS.
T" 1 * %*■(«. Sid. Alknd.
C P4« eono. 112»4 — J fc4srag...Utf HOVi
I/O new «jhuell3 1 /a —
KBOJtu&anaooa BOND*.
Cal-BtCt>l««Sn.ll2 — UakUas 61.. — jnt
CalKlecliGs — 130 IlWiilj... — 109
CntraUWbs 'JGVj ea lumniom ««.. 120^121
l)pDl-Bt«X-CP — 100 i'&UKytfj. — IJ.{
fcdsn !AP63l'-9 - r<tCh Ry 6». — 105
F&CHRK 6*105 107 I'wl-st RR 6i113 lltf
Oearv-at Rss - 100 jl-.t-no, \VL£L — loi
h if. i\,v)un _ tacto 1* & - 100
Losaii C 92^100 bF&KPKBi. 1013 4
DoOnteed Ca 98V*:U0 bi'RKArlzSi 9.>>/4 9314
M*:t-stChleesla3i/4 - tPKKCaIoJ. 106V,107^
DoßyCon b5.105V 8 105%SJ > KKlalsv 85 —
Nat Vines lit — iOO - lhr!U .-7 9S
KevUNuR7». — 105Va!bVVia;ertt». 1173' B ii7»/ 4
N KtCkl da. 103 — >-VWaier4s. 100" 101 i/ 4
BKyuati, 85 - - IStktnUdtKdi »3V a iooV 2
»ATKI PTOrKI
Contra Costa 37 Va 40 |Spru* V alloy 9t e/ 99
UarlnUa.... 4»»/4 51 3 ,il
•AS ANU KLKCTItriITOOm.
Capital.. ...„ — 30 Pacific Lirti-, - 61
Central. 98V 2 - |SKQAEIec. 83% t4»4
11 tloo LlfQt hi, '.'V» >anlr»na»oo -'i /4 L's M
UKULiII — 54 1 atOcKtou..... — Mi'
fao ua* Imp — «3 j
3N»L'KAN< < KTOCICL
Flreman'sFdlß2V<i — | „.
oomm .-. n. BA^^ nrw-tCi
Anelo-Cal... 60 61 First Nation: mi IP3
Bank of Cal.. 340 '.xndonPAA. 127Vi180V 3
CaioD(trColo7 10l> lilerchEx -- -
KAVUHM BANK HTO-'>C«
f>#rP*LCo.. 1340 — SavALoan.. — 10S
HnmbSiL.llili - Security.. .-.250 —
Mutual 38 41 UnlouTrnjc.sdO 900
br a* v U niOD 4 .'. —
BTRKKT RAII.KOAO BTOCKS.
California.... 107 110 Uak SJL,<tHay - lot
U«ary-at..... 35 — Presidio 4V« 6
AlkxK»i-a1.... »4' , 45 I >i : V -*P....
_ > _.... CTOCIC«.
Atlantlao... 16 17 lOlantUon.... flu" .■.'.'
California.... — 110 IVlpiru. 40: 75c
KaaiemU.... 80 85 |
ni-w*r.t.AVEorr* rm-?i
AlaakaPkrs. /4 104 . Nat Vlnco.. — 8
Her Lead Co. 10J — oceanlcSSCo 23 Ei
HawC&sCa. 161/8 16V2 I'ac Aax KA. •-• 4
Hutch a Poo 251 26V«|PacBoraxCo. *',''* —
Meri.iAsia. 9J — |Parf PalntUa bi /8 7
BALES— JIOKNINIi BKUaIUX.
Hoard —
100 Hawaiian Commercial 16 25
10 b I' (.as A Klectrlc Co 94 75
20 do ao ..^^ 94 60
10 b V Water „. 98 87Vfc
flrwi
-6 Pacific Gas Imp 92 00
$15,000 a P Branch Railway 80nd5..... 87 00
BALKS— AFTIKNUON !>f>SMN\
, Board—
100 Hntchlnson S P Co, a 90 :5 7^
25 do do 25 75
70 8 F oas & Electric Co 04 00
6 6V Water v* 75
16 do do. blO .' 98 75
$1000 »F & X p Railway Bonds.'. 101 76
$.0,000 Market-at Ry Con 6X 80nd5.... 105 50
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Clark Blethen. George F. Bowman, Hamdeu H.
Noble and James C. i hairnet s (trustees under the
will of Mary c. Blethen) to Nancy G. Blethen,
unillvidei one-quarter of lot on NX corner of Bu
chanan and California streets. £ 137:6 by X
187:6: $ .
Wlthelmtn* Weber to Lonl» A. Hufschmldt,
lot on N line of Page street, 81:3 E of fccott, t 25
by H 100; $10.
Arthur Bachman to Henry P. Atzeroth.'lot on
8 line of Kre street (Creek Lane), 162:6 W of
II oward, S 85 by X V 5; $0.
Simon and Sophie Bachman to ?ame. same: 10.
U. Pletro Dplnlno to 1" oravante Milani, lot on X
line of Sansome street, 68:0 N of Jackson, N 22:11
by E i:-.7:6. 10 ■
William B. Uelliogs to George O. Davis, lot on
M X corner of Montgomery and Jacuson streets, E
6U by N 60: $10.
Isabella A. Rotters to Antonletta Blajrfnl, lot on
N line of Edith street (Church), 100 W of tiupont.
w jo by X 65:2; $1500.
Lily and Nathan e-chleslnger to Sarah Mi'h. lot
on \V line of Stockton street. 65 N of El Is, N
72:6 by W 90; also lot on S line of Oak street,
187:6 W of Devtsadero, W 50 by 8 137:«: also
lot on N\V corner of Oak and Devlsariero street*,
N 82:6 by \V 156:3, quitclaim deed; $10.
H. C. Cftmpbell and T. B Kent (trustees for
Emil Kehrleln) to the San Francisco Savings
Union, 1621 d. 241, o.i NW line of Howard
street. 100 SB of Sixth, NX 100 by N W 160, trus
tees' deed: 4,000.
Same (trustees for Charles R. Young) to same,
1333 d. 193, block 68, University Mound,
bounded N by SHl. man street, E by College, 8 by
Henty and W by University, trustees' deed;
$2200.
Marcus B. and Sarah Levy (by B. P. Oliver,
Commissioner) to ilibernia Savings and Loan
Socle y. lot on SK corner of Mission street, 125
NE of Eighth. NX 80 by SE 80, 51 161: $34,792.
Joseph I'rouze.illes to Adolph Crouzellles. lot on
w line of Valencia street, 209:6 N of seventeenth,
N 60 by \V 91, also lot on N iin» of Minna street,
195 E of Ninth. E 40 by N 80; g ft.
Charles M. Corrpll (by c. E. Hatch, rmnmis
sloner) to Adolph C. Weber, lot on E line of \ ork
street, 142 N of Twentieth, N 25 by X 100,56,140;
$1 J45.
Edward and Nettle Cox to Howard H. lllm»i. lot
on \V Hue of Eleventh avenue, 175 S of J street,
N 25 by W 120: $10.
Matbew J. and Jane O'Neill to Kntid Olsen, lot
on a line of Sagamore street, 240 \V of Capitol. \V
50 by » 125, block A, Railroad Homestead: $10.
AtAUEDA COUNTY.
J. H. and Mary J. Butler to California Real Es
ta.e inves.meut Company, lot on W line of Han
nah street, .OU N of A, N 26 by W 133, being sub.
division Aof lot 11, block 794, Watts Jract, Map
2, Oakland; $5.
William H. and Mile Staniels to Clara O. Ber
rlnger, lot on X line of Peralta street. 404.23 N
from N line of Old County road No. 708, N 85 by E
125, being lot 49. Frultvale Ulen. Brooklyn Town
ship, subject to mortgage; $10.
John and Jane E. Johnson to I.etltia E. John
son, lot on W line oi Lincoln avenue. 427 89 N of
Hop Ins street, W 394, » 69, E t5, b 36. X to
W line of Lincoln avenue, N 103 10 beginning,
being portion of iihoda Tract, Brooklyn Town
sUip: $10. . •
Andrew McN'aniee to Annie McNamee, lot. on
NE line of Fourteenth street, 71 Wo: Whlttier,
W 25 by N 124, being lot A, block A, lesubdi
vision of Fruitvale Tract, Brooklyn Township:
Ann Cain to Margaret Nolan, lot on N line of
Twenty-seventh stree:, 90 E of West street, R 50
by N 100. being lots 65 and ' 56. block 2024,
Whitrher Tract, map 2, Oakland $10.
Mountain View. Cemetery Association to Hugh
Hunter, lot 42 In plat 40, Mountain View Ceme
tery; $67.
Henry L. Hnbbell to Elizabeth C. Merrill, lots 7
and 8, Mountain View Tract, bein? a portion of
Dohr Tract; t5. • • ,
Frank A. and Mary L. Leach to F. H. Pollard,
!o 19, Mock U, nmended map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10- ;
, 1 rank H. and Kvle O. Brooks to WllliEm J.
Laymance, lots 12 and 13, block la being a re
subdivlslon of certain lots in blocks 1 to 4, 6 to 13.
and 20. Waruer Tract. Brooklyn Township; f 10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to I. J. Mendlzabal.
lot o.i se corner of Kagle nvenue and Schiller
street. 845 by >. 108, being the N 45 feet of lots
13 to 16, block 48, map of property In vicinity of
Encinal station owned by Columbus Bartlett; Ala
xneda; $10.
Mary E. bchlf ttelin to George B. Young, lot on S
line of Central avenue, 87 iS of High at rest, a6O
by a 125:6, being lot 27, Hawley Tract, Alameda;
$10.
Builders' Contract*. . ■- .
Nellie K. t>cott with W. W. Kednall, toere-t a
lVij-story frame building on X line of Schrader
str.'ft. 25 W of Beulah, $2642; architect, con
tractor.
Mrs Remi Chabot with P. Malonv, alterations
ana additions to a 3-siory building on X line or
Powell street, 102:6 W of "O'Farrell, $4975; Wal
ler J. Mat hews, architect. .
Clans Spreckels with Thomas Mannix, plaster
ing and wire lathing for building on SW corner of
Market ana Third streets, $10,963; Reid Bros.,
architects.
Claus .Spreckels with California Artistic Metal
Works, farnUhini; frames, glass and shelving for
same onildinit, 332,540: same architect.
Claus Spree kels with W inslow Bros. Co., stone
gateposts, Iron fence and gates, at residence,' SNV
• orner of Clay street and Van New avenue,
$3150; Reid Bros., architects.
» — —
The Senior Partnsr — I guess we will
have to give up trying to get that money
from Sharpe.
The Junior — Realty!
"It looks that way. His office is in the
second story 01 his place, you know, and
he threw our last collector out of the win
dow, where the man fell through an awn
intr, you remember."
-Yes."
"Now he sends a claim for the damage
to tiie awninc."
THE CALL. CALJ-NUAK.
April, 1897.
W.
-»
2
April
9
First
Ap
11
18
17
Full Mood.
April 16.
n
'- LI
OCfcAN STKAMKKS.
HTKAMRR ! DMTISATIOS.
bails.
Newport....
Corona
Kio Janeiro.
l'omona....
UmatlUa....
Humboltlt..
Cturina
Enrt-tii
Columbia...
Aroma
Homer
Santa Rosa.
▲Blancnard
Far all on
City Puebia
Coos 8ay.. . .
Etale 01 Cat.
Dp' yor-f..
Panama !
.-nn jJifuo.
i China <£ Japan
I lluruboiatiiii*
Vie <fc l'»t sod
Uaniboidtßa?
Coos May
Newport
Portland
, coos Hay
Coos May !
Kan Diego |
Oregon ports.. :
! 1 aauina Hatr. i
VlcdS Pet Had
Newport
Portland i
Urars Harbor. •
Apr 10.1 a M
Apr lO.llaii
Apr 10, lru
Apr 10. km
Apr 11, 9am
Apr 11, «ph
Apr 12. 12»
Apr VI, Vau
Apr 13.1U4M
Apr 1«.10am
Apr 13.10 am
| Apr 14.11 am
Apr I*. dpm
Apr 14. 9au
Apr 1«. »am
Apr 18. Cam
Apr 18.1Uam
Apr IK. 4pm
P M BtS
Pier 1 1
PUS
I'lor 9
Pier»
i Pier 3
! Pier 8
PlMll-
Pier 24
Pier 1 C
! Pier 13
PlerU
Pier 13
, Pier 1
Pier 9
Plat 11
Pi»r 24
! Pier 28
STEA3IKKS TO ARRIVE.
STKAMKR
KKOM
Columbia I Portland.
Kcre*a_ | Newport. .•.
Gaelic China and Japan
North Fore... \ Hum bold; Bay
Mlneola Tacoma ".
>arallon | Yaqulna Uhr ..
Czarina Coos Bar
Arcaca Coos bar
Homer Coos Bar
Florida I Departure Bay
Queen Victoria & Fugel bound
A I Ice Bl an chard i Portland
City Puebla.... Han We so ".
Crescent Cur... [Crescent City
Wellington... . Departure Bar
City of Para... Panama
Pomona. _ Hum bold Bay
Australia ] Honolulu
Coos liar i .\*woort
Humboldt Humboldt Bay *.*.*.
State of Ca1.... | Portland.
Dei Norte (.rays U.roor.
Corona. San Dio*o
Walla Walia. .. ' Victoria <» rViVet Hooa i
Bnuoi Grays Harhor
City of Peking.. China and Japan
Orizaba „.. : Mexico
Afßpuiro Panama. ..
..Apr li
..Apr ll
..Apr 1(
..Apr ll
..Apr H
Apr 1
..Apr 1
..Apr 1
..Apr 1
..Apr 1
..Apr li
..Apr 1!
..Apr l:
..Apr 1!
..Anr V
..Apr li
..Apr l:
..Apr 1
.. Aur ]■
..Apr 1.
.Apr 1;
..Apr 1
.Apr I 1
..Apr 1
..Apr i 1
.Apr I 1
..Apr l
. A pr 1
HUM, MOON AND rim;
t'ftpnm htattcs Coast ant» Gxodftxo biikvit
Tllfall AMD HXISHTS OF HIOH AND Low
Watkr"! at Fort Point. E>jteanc« to
tAN F P.AN'CISOO Bat. Poblishkd by OFFI
CIAL Authority or TIIKH'PIBISrt.VUKXT.
Note- The high . and low waters occur at th«
City Front 'Missing. siroec Wharf) about twenty
five minuies later than ac Fort Point; me ueub;
of tide Is the same a: both places.
April — 189/.
Saturday April 10.
Hnn risoa 6 40; Moon rt«o^... ,
Sunxets 6.42|M00n 5et5.....'.. L3Bam
I H™. 1 Feet I lII^ j Feet | I|^l i Feet I IIH^L I Feet
fj » XV I :I. XV 111 Wl ;I . \V !
1
•■>
3
4
7*751 1 il.«t»i O.oi 7.14 SlFi
L \V IHW! Jl, U H \\
0.10 2.8 6.03! 3.8 12.38 O.« 7.AS
I 1.16 2.1S 7.05 .3.6 1.33 0.5 8.27
i 2.10 1.8 8.05 4.0 a. 24 0.7 8.57
' 2.58 1.1 9.02 4 2 J» Oti 1.0 9.28
! 3.42 0.4 10.00 4.5 7.48 1.2 10.01)
4.21 —0.2 1 10 58 4.6 4.26 1.6 10.35
4.'.
4.!
.6
Not*— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence an to Urns. The second time
colnmn give* the second tide ot the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimos
•cenra. The heights glvea are addltlous to the
sonndlngs on the United States Coaat Hurvey
chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes trie
height, and then the number given la subtracUv*
from tho depth g'ven br tbe churn
4UXIUJS XU 11AKLM£K!>.
A branch of the United States HVdrographte
Office located In the Merchants' ExchaDee Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without retard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigator* are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand: or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the balldlnc on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. It
published the same day by the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following ilar.
W. s. Hi-oin.
Lieutenant. U. a. N., in charge.
The Time Ball.
Bbamcr Btdrooraphic Office, V. 8. N.")
Mkbchants' Eichanse >■
San Francisco. April 9. 1897. )
Tbe time ball on Telegraph Hll. was dropped
exactly at noon to-dar— l. <-.. at noon or tbe 1201&
meridian, vr exactly at » c. v., Oreenwlrh tlra*.
W. s. Hcghks.
Lieutenant V. **. N.. In charge.
SHIPI'INU INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. April 9.
Btmr Columbia, Conwav. 49 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 30 Vis hours; Dassand mdse. toO
X & X Co.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. 15 hours 45 mln from
Eureka; pass and indue, to Goodall. Perkins it Co.
stm» Humboldu Bonitleld, 16 hours from
Eureka: umn nod mds<*. to M Kaliah & Co.
stuir Mlneola, Pillsbnry, 8- hours from Tacoma;
3500 ton* o»l, . o l*Lo. Oakland direct.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 14 hours from Albion:
2t>o M ft in a uer. to Albion Lumber Co. •-,-•.
Baric Lev! O Burgesi. Yunggren. 18 daysrrom
Tacoma, via Port Angele* 10 daya; 2250 tons coal.
to south Prairie Coal > o
schr Glendale, Johnson, 14 days from New
Whiitcom: HI- M fi lumber, to Uellinsham Bay
Improvement Co.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. April 9. :
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, Port Townsend: JS
Kirn ball. .
bimr Corona, Jepsen. San Diego; Good all, Perlc
lns & Co.
Br bark Abbey thus Abbey, Barron, Alcoa Bay;
G W McNear.!
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Jacobsen, Chignlk
Bay: Hume 'inn and Hume.
bchr X W Bartlett, Olsen, Nicolaefskl; Freeman,
Smith & Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY. AprU 9.
Schr Albion, Lundqnist, Port Townsend.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, Tacoma. ; »r •:■■
Stmr Caspar. Anflndsen. Caspar.
BtmrTruckee. liali, Tillan-ook Kay.
titmr Tlllamook, ilunsen. Portland.
Mnir (ilpsr. Iceland. s«nta unit.
Btmr Weeott. Miller, Fort Brags,
echr Mary Ktta. Wcizel, Fists Mill.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, Eureka.
Bchr Ida bchnauer, Meiien, Kt-dflsh Bay.
, bcrirNettitt Low. ljow, Point Karei. •
Schr Nettie SuDdborjr, Johnson,
Scnr Moro, J orgenson, Coqullle River.
Telegraphic.
POINT J.OBO* Anril ».-10 r. m.— Weather
hazy; wind 8; veloci ..- 14 a:. •► ■ ■ .
I Charters.
The bktn Geo C Perkins loads redwood at Eu
reka for -yaney. .
Spoken. -'-«Y."
Mar 31-Lat S3 N, long 19 W, Br ship The
Uabnemann. from Newcastle, Eng, for San Fran
cisco. .
.Ma i!s— Lat7 N. long £9 W, Br ship Senator,
from Vancouver, for London. -
Mar »— Lat 67 8. l«u* 79 W, Br ship British
Yeoman, from Liverpool, lor Victoria.
Mar 31— Lat 32 >", Ion? 20 W, Br bark Cambrian
from Antwerp, for Oregon.
F.-b 21— Lai 25 s, long 37 W, Br bark Java, fm
Oregon, for Uueenstown.
i •■UM.--tii- Port*.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 9- Stmr Lakme 1 for San
Franc. sco. . ,
VKNTDRA— SaiIed Apr B— Stmr South Coast,
for sun ir ran>.iacu.
S AS DlKuo— Sailed Apr 9-Scar Halcyon, for
Grays Harbor.
ALBION — Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Point Arena,
Mendocluo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Farallon. frm
Yaqu na Bay; s:mr Alice Blaucnard, from Port
land; slmr Homer, hence Apr 6.
Saiie.l Apr 9-Stmr Czarina, fo.* Ban Francisco.
USAL -Arrived Apr 9— Stmr JN'avarro, hence
Apr 8. ■ - "• = "■'»' -"' • " *■»•'
(iRAYs HAK 808- Arrived Apr 14-Stmr
Rival, hence Mar 31.
CASPAR— Arrived Apr 9— stmr Jewel, from
San Pedro. rki?X:fi
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Apr 9-Stmr Noyo, hce
Apr H
GREENWOOD-Salled Apr 9-Stmr Excelsior,
for Ivureka.
AbTORIA— Sailed Apr 9-Schr Laura May, for
Ban Diego.
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed Apr 9-Stmr Farallon,
lor San Francisco.
EUREKA— sailed Apr 9-Stmr North Fork, for
San Francisco; »cur Fortune, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr 9— stmr txcenlor. irom Green
wood
MKNDOCINO— Arrived Apr 9-Stmr Pt Arena,
hence Apr 8.
PORT BLAKKLEY— saiIed Apr 9— Schr Fanny
Dutard. fir San Pedro.
FORT ROSS- Arrived Apr B— Schr Mary C, hce
Apr 8. and sailed for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr B— schr Alice, from
Eureka. v«* v > >
Sailed Apr 8— Stmr Protection, for San Fran
cisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 9-Slmr Green
wood, hence Apr 8.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 9-Stmr Homer, hnce
Apr 6. •
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 9-Schr Wm Renton,
from Newport, for Seattle.
REDONDO- Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Alcazar, frm
Greenwood. , ':
Foreign Port*.
ROY AL ROADS-Arrlv?d Apr 6— Brshlp Erlns
Isle, from Acapulio; schr J B Leeds, from. San
Pedro.
ANTWEKP-Arrived Apr 7— Br ship Fulwood,
from Oregon.
DUNKIRK— Arrived Apr 7— Br ship Che ms
lord, from Oregon.
hLIGO-Arnved Mar 31— Fr baric Jules Verne,
hence Nov 18.
HAMBURG— Sailed Apr 6— Ger bark Pallas, for
Santa Rosa.lx.
UONGKONG-Sailed Apr 7— Brstmr Empress
of China, tor Vancouver.
TIENTSIN— SaiIed Apr 7— Brstmr Pelican, for
Port Blakeley.
Importation*.
PORTLAND and ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
65 17 sks poiatoes, 735 pkgs paper, 4ti9 so onions,
4166 sks wheat. iU b&ls 761 gunnies 17.576
flour, 5 bales wool, 24 bdl* green hides, »74 pea
Iron pipe, 103 sits oysters. 1731 bJIs shooks.
tURKKA- Per Humbodt— 170 sks potatoes. 16
pkes mdse, 61.347 ft lumber. 273 M shingles, 1 cs
1 kvn 6 brii.-t elder, 45 sks oats, 1 roll curtains, 3 cs
dry eoods 17 dressed calves, 3 bbu starch. 1 eg
9 tubs 159 bxs nutter, 1 cs musical instruments, ii
ci groceries. M pkg« express.
£URKK a — Per Hnmbo.d:— 9 tut s 34 bxs bntUr.
1 bx plated ware, 1 .bx sand, 6 pksa express. 108
M ft lumber, 700 M shingles. 1 bx machinery, 1 cs
armature.
E R ana F. X R— l plow bottom. 37 dressed
veal, 1 bx livers, 1 bdl shoddy, 7 pugs mdse, 11
tubs 40 bxs butter, 'J5 cs conaensed milk, 1 bdl
saws.
Conittgneei.
Per Columbia— H Dutard: Dalton Bros: Oregon
Fruit and Produce Co; McDonougb & Kunyon; A
Levy A Co J li Cain &. Co: Moore, Ferguson <fc Co :
lirlanger Galinger: D M B>-l *Cv; 1 oner
rtros: A Her: &. Lewis: John English: Wolf & Son;
D E Allison Co: Chas Jacob*. .11 <fc Co: Standard
Oil Co; Allen & Lewis: MPDetels; Z J Waldron;
Jonas Erlanuer & '.o; C J Leist & Co: Oregon Iron
an 1 Steel Co; C J & Co: Fosarty & Parker;
Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: M B Moragban: X It
St*>v#-Bs & Co: OB Smith 4 Co; Cliusoo Mill Co;
ME A Wagner; Blssinger i Co; Oils, McAllister
•k Co: Thomas Louchran.
PerHumoolnc— Wolf <fe son; L Gordan; Pacific
Lumber Co; Chas Nelson: U Dntard: Cuas Holier;
QJConley; John But:er: Wood Mfg < o: Knss,
Karlv <fc Co: lillrner. HredhofT a Hchult<;\V If Bal
low: Sherman, Clay & Co: C E Whitney & Co: P A
Sharp; Haus Bros; J Schweitzer & Co; J T Galla
gher; Welluian, Pecs & Co; J H Newbauer <t Co;
Heller, Bac.itnan A Co; Wheaton. Bn>on <S Co- A
Crocker* l'.ro<: Koss<t Hewlett; FBHnlght: L
D Stone & Co: Wit zel A Baker: O B Smith <& Co-
Wells, Fargo & Co: standard Oil Co.
Per Pomona— Brlgham, HoppeA Co; Cal Elpcirl
ca 1 Works; Dod«e, hweenev <fc Co; McKay & Co;
Wleland Brewing Co: Dairymen's Union; Clot &
Mese: Hills Bros: J R Hanify; CE Whitney A Co;
Standard Oil Co ; Hiberula Brewery: PMuller; J
Hoey: Get: Bros <& Co; Norton, Teller A Co: Upq
de Lucca: Wheaton. Breon & Co; P Fuller* Co:
Baker <fc Hamilton: Weils. Fargo & Co: Scott <t
Van Arsdaie Lumber Co; United States Brewery;
W B Gladden: v Kosata.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
pacific COAST STEAMSHIP co.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY J**m
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: JSUBX
For Dorti In Alaska, Apill 1, 6. 11, 16, ill, aft
and every fitth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
sen Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wliatcom (Belllneluim Bay, Wash.). 9a. k.
April l.tf, 11, 16, 21, 28 and every fifth da» there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., atTaconaa with >". P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcala and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona '1 p. m., April 'I, 6, 10. 14.
18. 22, 26, 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Slm»>on.\)avuco\
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Guvir/a, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, ban Pedrc/East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, it 9 a. m.
April 4. 8,12, 16, 20. 24, 28. and every loartu
day thereafter. . ■
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), s-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Anteles) aud Newport, 11
a.m. April 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, ri, 26. 30, and every
fourth day thereafter. . " .
For Ensenada, San Jo™ del Cabo. Mazatlan. La
Pan and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 1U
a. M. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket offlc*— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&IM. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOR.TLAKT 3D
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
"P A T?TM* 15J F lr«t-clas» 1 Indndlnf
X -rvj.t.U\$ t ; Second-class /berth & melts
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia March 24, April 3. 13, 2J
State of California. .March 29, April 8. 18. 28 j
Through tickets and through carcase to »a
Eastern polui* Kates and loldew v' ou applies-
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
■ GOODALL. PERKINS CO., SujKjrintVudent*
PHMIBMffII R. S. AUSTRALIA for
jEfIPIIL HONOLULU onu-,
I* WT nIIBK Tuesday, April 20, at
■™, . 2p. m. Special party
fTiLs^ I • rates.
iSfpam^hinJ ihe a mono wai
Q)lCdllljlll r ' v - / galls via HONOLULU I
. tfOinfiflßM*- and AUCKLAND for
\yilljyUltq' sYDXtY, Thursday,
April 29. 2 p. M.
Line to COOLOARDIE, Anst-.aud CAPETOWN,
South Africa. ■ • .v-.,.. :.-\ ■
J. U SPRECKELS& BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Frelirht office, 327 Mark street, s-an Francisco. I
COUP AGUE GENERAL TR .1 ATL AS I
French Line to Havre.
PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH am.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by i^SSfSO
this line avoid both transit by English railway an I
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via l'arii,
tint class $160. second class 9116.
LA NORMANDIE April 17, 10a. m.
LA CHAMi AGNE April 24. 10 a m.
LA GASCOGNE May 1. 10 a.m.
LATOURALNE May 8, 10 a. m.
LA KRETAONK v* 15. 10 A. M
tar For further particulars apply to
■■■-- „ A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 8. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FCGAZI & CO, Ageuta, 5 Moutgomary
avenue. San Francisco.
•^rvK HAMBURG-AMERICA! LOB
3gßg*3Bm& TWIN-SCREW EXPREdd
*r 'l . <» lill x«_ ' line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg, Paris & Hamburg,
K. Bi3mnrck Apri. 8i F. Bismarck May 27
Kormannla Apr 1 2» I Normanula Jane 3
Columbia May IS | Columbia .lun.-l'i
lire- American Line ,37 B'wav'.V.Y.
KAHN & HERZOU, Agents, 401 California sU
San Francisco, CaL .%■ •. .. ■-.-> ; -.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. *reJ|jht received -up
to ->:3» P. M.
07* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only linn selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points on Valley
Railroad. •
' - STtAJIEIW: i
T. C. \Valk»r, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main BC3. Cai. Nay. acd Impu Ua
m U. S. M?YYARD AMD VALIEJO.
STEAMER "3IONTICELLO,".
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thuts. and Sat...
Prid*;?- 45 *" **• and 3 :15 p ' m(9P. * ex - Thun)
Fridays 1 p M. 9p m.
Sundays;...... 10:30 a.m. and 8 I. m.
Landing and offices. Mission I Dock, Pier J.
_ ; Telepnone Green 381.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS & SWA CRUZ
OTEAMER ALVIBO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILY
O Sundays excepted) a; 10 a. m. Alylso dallt
Saturday exceptfd) at 7 p. M . Freight arid
Pmwkw. fare between Ban Franc fco ul
A viso, 6oo; to Han Jose. 75c CUy au liftTjT
W W. tauu CUr» «v, tjau Jom "**
RAILROAD TRAVET^
SOUTIIKRBT I'ACIB-'IC COMPANY.
(PAOtriU MYHTKM.I
LEAVE Fkom - MAKCII 21. _}3?J.___ — AIUVVH
"SorooTNiles, San Jose and Way Stations . . 2 : 'J^ v
7:00* Atlantic Impress, Ug-len and l.a.st.. B»U*
7:OOA licnicia. VacaviUe, Kumsey. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Heading via
2} ; 3 " UM,»P
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa, _
Calistoga and Santa Rosa o.i»»f
SsUOANilcs. Sau Joao. St<ickU)U, j
Sacramento, jrarysrille, Chico,
Tehama and Hed liliiff .l : l? p
•8:30 a Peters anil Mi1t0n..... «:i«>F
OiUUa 2few Orleans Kxproes, Raymond (for
Yosemito), Fresno, Balicrslic-lil,
.Santa Uarbara, [<os Angeles, Dem-
i.ig, El l J aso, Now Orleans and
East 454->*
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton •*: ,- p
»:OOAVaUejo ••■ •••••• 6:ll>p
Niics, «an Jose, Livermoro and
. Stockton ..V.V« P
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steiimcrs " *»:oo?
l:OOp Nilcs, San Joao and J.ivermore .5 : 1? A
fl ::tOr Tort Costa and Way Stations U : »»r
4:OOr Martinez, Sau Ramon. Vulleju,
Nap.i, OalUtogit, i:i Wrai.o and
Santa Kosa »:li»A
4:OOp Benicia, Vacavillo, Woodland.
- : ; : KuisMs Landing, MarysYille, Oro- . •
villa and .Sacraiu«iit(> 11:13*
4t3Or Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and FresT?o, going via Nile*,
returning via Martinez 11 :43a
SiOOpLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. V«4»A
StOOp Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express
forMojavo and lUst 2 s- J? A
' 6:O<li> Kuropeaii Mail, Og.lon and Kast.... •**«*
6:oOi>Haywanls, Niks and San Jose <:4-»A
J7:oof Vallejo 17:4ap
7jOOi> Orpgou IJipri'Ss, .Sacramento, Marys-
villo, Keddinc. Portland, l'ugot
Soiiiulana lia-st .-. H:l«*
SANTA <:itl'/ IUVIsIOM (.Narrow Gaiigej.
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }BiOsp
■ :45a Newark, (Viili-rvillo.Saii Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5i30»
**«15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crock, "
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11:20 a
4t1.1r Newnrk. San Joan and I.qh <iatos . . . »:."»O\
COAST lUVISIQN ( Iliinl ft Lmviimii.! Sl.k.) .
7:OOa .Sau Jose and Way .Stations (New " L
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:301 M
9>OOa Nan Jose, 'i'rea I'inos, Siinta Crur, /
Puciliu Grove, Paso Roblcs, Han '
Luis OUsjw, Guadalups, Surf anil
Principal WHy stations 4:l!»p
IO:4Oa But JOSO and Wuy ,SU!ioiia G:3Or
I1:»Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 5.-001
■2:30r San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, 'l'res Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monteruy mid PncilicGrove # I«:-IO»
!; *3::iOr San Joso and Way Stations I>:43a
•4:30r Han Jose Way Stations *»:O.'».\
5:30 - San Josu Principal Way .Stations "5:43 a
O::iOi> San Joss.aud Way .Stations 0:38 a
|il:43i- Kan Jobu nini WaT Statloim <7i-13p
SAX Iih'AMJKO AMI HWWAUi.'S IAH A\<.
. t*«:OOA "I • (■ 7: 1 5a
S:0I»a (»:Jr>A
iSa Melrow, Seminary Park, ITAxt
'"loop Fitehbnrs, San Leandro ■ Viiir^
<3:OOp I -_ d . - 4:J5p
4:oop i" ana . t5:45p
s::jop Hsywards. \ , 7rfs J
7:<»Op S:tr, P
O:OOp » Rnns through to Niles. io-.>bp
tt»l;lspj tFromNileg. Vfilgiuop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FRINCISCO— Took of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 $3:00
•i:00 . JB:OO 'H.OOr.u.
From OAIUND— Foot of Broaiw»T.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U3:00 »l:00 J2:00 *3:00 JI:C3
»5:00 p.m.
. a A for Morning. • P for Afternoon.
• Sunday. -xcepted. \ Saturdays only.
 „ „_ I Sundays only.
— it Bioaaay _Ttj 1 and .Sut-.irday nitfbto onl*. .^
SMFRASCISCO&SORTDPI.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbaron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San K»rael.
1
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12-!\
8:30,6:10,6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Kxtr» uln
at 11 .30 p. m. ciaturdays— Kxira trips m 1:3)
and 11:30 P.M.
BUKUAVS- H:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. 3:J^
LOU. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to «m Frnncl«an. 1
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 0:20. 11:10 a. x.« #
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. K. Saturd»y»— Extra trlaif
at 1 :65 p. «L and 0:35 p. m. ,> V ,-
BTJSDAVS-^IH, «;40, IXrlO a. m.; 'I:4* 3:41
6:00, 6:25 P. if.* •-. . . %
i Between Han Francisco and Schuetzon Pane sams
schedule as above. t "• - . ■
iieare ....„, • ; Arrive
Pan Francisco. Oct.? 14? "6 * Fracci »co.
Wkek I Bex- Ue^UnaV.on Sex- \ Wt,/
Days. | days. | destination. I)AYg^ | Day%
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:*!)aK
3:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, .6:10 pm , 10:25 a*
6:10 yn 5:00 fit Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 ph
. Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10 : a* *
Heald.sburg,
l.ytton,
. Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 th 6:23 px
; i j Pleta, ~~
I Hopland &
7:30 am I 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36 pm B:2a
7:30 am * ~~ I 10:25 a*
8:00 am Gueraevlile. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j : 6:22 P-«
7:30 am 8:00 AtJ Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a*
and
6:10 pm I 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:10 FM 6:22 P*
7:30 AM 1 8:00 AMI Sohantorm! 1 10:40 AM ! 10:2 Alt
B:3opm|6:oopm| faeDa »topoL { tf:lOpM ! p.^.op*
StAjct-s connect at Santa Rosa for Mar» West
Bprlnk-s: at Geyserville for Skasres Springs; as
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda liay and LAicepott- at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartett Spring*'; at
Uklah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs. Blua
t*kf s. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottef
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Uerley's, Back-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. UuUville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr"3 Hot Springs. Mendoclno City
Fort BraKg, Westport, TJsal, wuiets. Cahto, Co»
veto, Laytonville, Harris, Scot la and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduo»l
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets ia all'polats bs>
jrond San Rafael at half rat**-
Ticket Offices. 680 Market at.. Chronicle hnndls^
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. BY AW.
Pros, and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe *^|||ii||£j
Limited.
On MOXDAYs and /Ssfeg^iei^rA >
THURSDAYS the fir3t- fife^S^^CiSiftfc 1
class Pullman sleeplng-cur f^^^^F^T^S A
leaving at 5 p. m. conne< ts nja >^a*J«^^®l X-
at Baratow with tho Siinta v4^s^-S<»waM3
Fe limited tra.n carrying \M**£ij£Bs&sB/
dining-car, buft>t smokine- iiix&gfi&'i&g&tX,
cur and Pullman palacr-
drnwln^-room »!eeplnK-c»rs ijJSctßwu^cl
for to'.h Chlcogo and St.
LonN via Kansas City. ■■;"--
-3>2 Unys to Chicago or St. Louis.
4^ Days to N«w - York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at sp. m. Pullman palace drawing,
room, also modern upholstered tourist slerpin •-
cars, threush to c taicaßO via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and *t. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City. Chicaeo
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday: St. Paul excursions every Sunday
, Ticket Office, 644 Market n'.re-t, ihroa-
Icle building. lelephone Main 1531.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Vi» Sausalito Ferry),
from San Francisco, Comment-Ins Sept. 13, 183 1
WEEKDAYS.
for Mill Valley and Snn Rafael-»7:25, •9--,*
1 11:;J0a. m.. -1:46. 3:45, »5:i6. «V.45 30 P»
Extra trip, for B*n Kafael on Monday^ T' \Vedn «
! days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m. eUn "*
SUNDAYS.
F^i M Jf} V *"' 3 - ail(1 SRn Kafael-*8:00, •\O-00
•11:30 a. m.: n-.fcO. 3:00, *4:i)0. 6:16p m.
Trains marked • run to san Quentin. .
THROUGH. Tit Al>'S.
MOUNT TpLPAIsT
cJir t |n R«ii^d ct witll North p * cia »
Returnln«r-Arrlve S. f; 3-2-s *■ -• I: 4 .} p«-
6UNDAYS-Leav s.F.BA. M li-sof m i"?. M "
Keturning-ArrlveS.F.l°lsp J V.on p«" 7 .H p>c
MUl^y^Mo^^^fagg^^ \
m \ k Lf v [ l mm ADSASJOAQUU'
VALLEIf RAILWAY COSPAAY
F^| M ru J n A d^ RY "? 1897 ' —" «^ UV
bnutbbound. Stations ».
'«" * ». ESSSSS ffiS' 0 "" 1
ssS3^^s*£nfirB4'L
te»ve Baa Francisco aad Siockionat 6r.%L daStDRAWN TOGETHER
BY LITTLE ONES
Dr. and Mrs. Crowley Will
Be Remarried This
Morning.
Love for the Ciiidren Aided the
Adjustment of Difficul
ties
They Will Again Reside Wh?ro They
Formerly Sp?nt Maiy Very
Hippy Years-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
!*>;< Broadway, April 9. )
Rarely does a serious domestic difficulty
end as happily as the one thst brought Dr.
and Mrs. Crowley into prominence a lew
months ago.
This afternoon the announcement was
made that to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock, at their family residence on Alice
street. Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D., will unite
DR. D. D. AND MRS. ALMA CROWLEY, Who Will Be Re-
Married To-Day by Rev. Dr. Coyle.
iv matrimony Dr. D. D. and Mrs. Alma
Crowley. Two months ago the fact that
the doctor and hi 3 wife had decided upon
a reunion was published in The Call, and
since that time has been frequently con
tradicted by interested partie?, but it has
always been the intention of Mr. and Mrs.
Crowley to bury their past and again live
together since a few days after the un
pleasant divorce proceedings.
In this reunion the children of the
Crowleys have played an important part.
No matter bow great the temporary dif-
Jerences between the parent*, there was
on the part of either an undying love for
their two children. From the night on
which Mrs. Crowley took her little ones
from their heme and took apartments at
the Metropole thr-re has never a day
passed that the doctor has not visited the
children. Little by little these vi-its to
the children grew more frequent, and their
effect was to bring to the minds of their
parents a realization of the fact that a
grievous mistake had been made, and that
for the benefit ol all concerned it would
be better to forget nil about the circum
stances of ihe past few months and start
anew married life.
The unhappy circumstances leading up
to the divorce have since Droved to have
been greatly exugeerated, and tbere is I
now no doubt, mat more ot the anpleas
antness was due to the nusrepreverr utions
of others than to anything that actually
iranspired between the doctor and Mrs.
Crowley.
Iniinediatr-ly after the divorcn was
granted Mrs. Crowiey took up her resi
dence at the home which was awarded to
her, and lor many months the doctor ha- j
been a regular visitor to his old home,
and it was therefore no surprise when the ;
announcement vas made of their wed- i
aing to-niorrow morning.
Dr. Crowley has lately been appointed ;
to the State Board of Health, and is a
most successful medical and surgical ;
practitioner. Mrs. Crowiey is a lady of ■
charming personality, a native of Ken- '
tucky and a musician of note, having
published several meritorious composi
tions.
INCREASED VALUATIONS.
Xh<? J>eputy County Asm-sMor Finds Over
• 1jG5,000 Worth of Properly More
Than in 1890
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— Deputy
County A-Bessor Johnson has completed
the tafk of assessing the property of this
city, and finds a total of $165 800 more
than last year. Within the year mere
have been upward of 175 new houses built,
which accounts for the greater portion oi
the increase. The old improvement*
show I decrease of $34,000 and an increase
of $8800, while there *ru« a decrease of per
sonal property of $20,OD<J. caused by the
removal of several stores, but an increase
of over $10,000 irom others coming m.
Altogether the showing is considered very
satisfactory.
At the Target*.
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 9.— The team
of liftcn men has been selected from Com
pany G 10 shoot a return match with
Company Fin Oakland next fcunday. It
is compo-ed as lollows: Captain Hirup
snn, L;emenant Picketr, Sergeants Wit
tich, Harvey an J Duy, and Privates Riohl,
The fac-simile yjj? ■ jrf *_+£?? "on every wrapper
signature of . >*ut//Z7£Uc&K of CASTOKIA.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Browning, Masten. Mayer, Shafer, Cleve
land, Putzuian, McMeekin, Born. Lam
horn, with substitutes Kussell, Wulzen,
Kleupfer, Ladue, Okerlund and Lodtman.
Kbell's Annual Election.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— The Ebell
Society held its annual business meeting
to-day. The following nominations were
niaile for ihe official board for tlie ensuing
year: Mrs. M. R Bab-on, Mr?. J. C.
Haves Jr., D. W. Bunnell, Mrs. G. H.
Burdick, *iiss Jennie Hupp, Mrs Murray
L Johnson, Mrs. Paul Lohse, Alis. E. \V.
Owen, Mrs H. B. Pmney.
Mesdames H. O. Trbwbridge, H. P.
Gleason, M. Matthews and L. G. Judd
have retired from the board and their
names were not submitted by the nomi
nating committee, wl>.ch consistsof Mcss
dainet Bishop (chairman), Wallace Ever
son, Nu-Daumcr, Shankliu. S^upham, Bor
land, Bennett, Gjddard and F. H. Gray.
The Contest Nearly Kndeil.
OAKLAND. Cal., April L» —The mayor
aLty contest is nearinjt ihe end, and as
notninj; has developed tuere is practically
no interest in it. Some errors have been
shown, but t cv are corntiaraiiveo' insig
nificant, and when the disputed ballots
shall have been passed upon by Jadee
Hall there will probably be little differ
ence in the positions of the candidates.
Booth Suit to Go to Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— ln the suit
of Frank Booth to-day against the Oat
laud Consolidated Company for damages
for the killing of his two children Judge
Ellsworth has decided that the motion for
a nonsuit was not borne out by the argu
ment of defendant's attorney. The court
decided that the ca«e was one for a jury,
and the trial was resumed ti.is afternoon.
FIRE AT THE
POWDER WORKS
Guncotton House Burned
to the Ground at
Pinole.
Employes, Fearing an Explc
sioD, Fled in Terror From
the Flames.
Narrow Escap; of the Nitre-Glycerine
Hcuse Which Was N xt the B az-
ing Eutldin;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
9liß Broadway, April 9. )
The California Powder Works was in
great danger a few nights ago. and the
people in the vicinity were in terror for
hours on account of fire w^ich completely
burned down the guncotton storehouse.
During the afternoon spontaneous com
bustion caused the storehouse, wherein is
enough guncotton to blow everything in
.sight to pieces, to take Hre. It had burned
for quite a while before some of the em
ployes noticed it. Tile alarm was given,
and for several rninutfls there was a lively
stampede of the employes, who ran for
their live 3. People Jivinz in the vicinity
ot the powder works do not take any
chances when a fire is discovered, bnt try
to put as much distance between them
selves and the fire as possible. If they
can pat a hill between them they are all
the more pleased. This ieeling animated
the employes as they ran away from that
burning euncotton storehouse.
Their frigin was greatly increased by a
knowledge of tl:e fact that the nitro
ulycjrine house was located next to the
burning building, and that nitro-eiycerine
la a more dangerous explosive than gun
cotton.
As it was seen that the flames were con
fined to the one building and that the
contents did not speedily explode some of
ihe employes returned anil succeeded in
keeping the fire from spreading. They
did not, however, save the guncotion
building, and with its contents it wai<
burned to the ground. The explosive,
however, was in such a condition that it
could not explode with any violence, and
th* greatest danger was that the flumes
shou d reach the nitro-glycerine house.
Captain Thomas Hig ins, the night
watchman of the Giant Powder Work*,
also saw the blaze, and his long experience
having taught him that blaz-s in that di
rection portend nothing pleasant he gave
the alHrm, and help was leaving the giant
works lor the tire when was received
tha: all danger was passed.
Although there are' occasionally small
fires at the | owaer works it rarely hap
pens that one of the Eize of that at the
California occurs withom doing serious
damage and causing an explosion.
Berkeley's Tow,, Clerk Sustained.
OAKLAND. Cal.. April 9. -T. is after
noon Judye Oreene dismissed the writ of
prohibition &ued for by feamuei .Fisher a
taxpayer of Berkeley, t o prevent the
Town Clerk of Berkeley from printin ■
against certain names on the ballot the
words "Non-Partisan" or "Independent
lazpavers.
Attorney de Golia. on behalf of the
Town Clerk, presented a demurrer, which
Judge Greene sustained, and the names
will go on the ticket as they are filed with
the T.-wn Cleric.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
FROST'S EMPLOYER
TALKS OF A PLOT
Says His Manager Was Not
Beaten by a Girl's
Friends.
Is the Fourth Time That the
Gang Has Committed a
Brutal Assault.
The Young Fa lows Declare that Frost
Dare Not Swear Out Warrants
Against Them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
t;OS Broadway, April 9. \
The mystery surrounding the beating of
Myron Frost, manager of the Oakland
Lumber Company, is no nearer solution
so far as Mr. Frost is concerned. The po
lice, however, do not believe that two men
were beaten at the same time in the same
place, and are iucliaed to discredit Mr.
Frost's story.
As a matter of fact the three young fel
lows who beat the man near the Ebell
building who was attempting to take lib
erties with a young woman declare that
the man tney beat was Frost.
Detective Williams has ceased working
on the story, and declares that if Frost
will swear to warrants against those who
assailed him they will be vigorously prose
cuted. On the other hand, if Frost still
refuses to take out warrants the detective
says that he will not trouDle any iurther
with the case.
Frost sticks to his story that after dark
last Friday night he went to the rear of
the Ebe 1 building at tbe request of the
owner, Mr. Reod, to measure a window
for a screen and that while he was doing
so he was set vi on by some young fellows
who he says he cannot recognize, tie
then goes on to say that he is certain that
they are some young fellows who have had
a grievance against him forsome time and
were looking for an opportunity to do
him up. Frost denies tiiai h<» ever wrote
an anonymous letter to a young lady or
that any young lady was near the build
ing when he was so Violently assaulted.
There is just a chance that the anony
mous letter story may have been invented
by Frost's assailants as an excuse for their
conduct after ihey realized what they had
done. This is partially borne out by the
btatfment of Mir-s Giiiigan that she did 1
not receive a letter and was at work on the
evening of the assault.
J. he three young fellows, however, who
are credited with beating Frost, have
stated more than once that Miss Gilligan ,
was there, ana that they were tuere to
protect her, and tiiey defiantly assert that
they are perfectly safe, for Frost dare not
swear out warrants for tbeir arrest.
"We know who ti,e men ere," said Mr.
Reed, who is the proprietor of the lumber
yard, "but I do not wish togive any names
jut now. They make their headquarters
down about a saloon on the water front.
They are the samo crowd that assaulted
me some years ago, an<t have had a grudge
against us for years. Our Hve» are hardly
safe with them, ana I have called on the
police to break the gang up. They are
trying to work a woman into this case so ;
MYRON FROST, Manager of the Oakland Lumber Company,
and the Rear of the Ebrli Clubhouse, Where He Was
Mysteriously and Savage'y Beaten.
as to cast discredit upon Mr. Froit. They
will stoop to any mean* to carry out their
de-ire to injure us. We do not propose to
bo dictated to by thisganjr, and that i* iht>
reason for this brutal conduct. This is
really the fourth assuult that they have
been guilty of, nnd something must be
done with them."
NO ALMSHOUSE IN SIGHT
C. D. Vincent Njt Trying to
Railroad His Grandfather to
Poverty and the Grave.
The Other Silt <f a Sensational
Story That Create! Sr>me
Interest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, April 9. ,'
For several days stories have been pub
lished about the inhuman manner in
which a heartless grandson ha* tried to
rob his grandfather of ail his property to
such an extent that the old gentleman
was about to go to a poorhousc.
C. 1). Vincent, the one wbo has been
credited with such conduct toward J. N.
Williams, returned to Oakland and fiatiy
contradicted* all the statements published.
He says:
In retard to the *nlt brought m>iin«t me by
my grandfather, J. X. Williams, the firstnotice
1 bad til It was iv & Los A.igeies paper on a
train near Sangus. I nave just returned to
Oakland this afternoon, nnd not having seen
a copy of the complaint fiied against me, can
only say that the statements which I have
seen published in the papers are false exc-pt
in that 1 am his grandson and thai the deeds
were execute i to me. The value of the prop
erty is exaggerated, nm beine worth in my
judgment over $40,000 or $45,000, and on
which there are debt- and mortg ges aggregat
ing $20,000 or thereabouts. The deeds were
made 10 me without my solicitation or re
quest.
I had refused to have anything to do with
them until i,e was taken 4pk, and it was rep
resented to me that his anxiety on account of
the Interest and other payments that he had
to make and the worry that it was causing
him would probably cause his death, that I
agreed to accept tne deeds and meet the pay
ments so far as possible. This is the real
reason thr.t the deeds were made to me; and
while he requested me to divide the property
Hiiiong my.^eli, my mother and my aunt in
case of his death, thai was in fact only a sec
ondary consideration with him at the time.
I dekire further to state that for Borne time
past I have been very closely engaged with
my own business fiff.urs and have been absent
from ray nome n Isrxe portion of tne time and
therefore unable to visit Mr. Williams as fre
quently as I had be<-n accustomed 10. and I
am satisfied that my ao-euc: has been taken
advantage of by people who had their own
and not hU interests ai heart, and that if left
to himself this action would never have been
brought.
BERKELEY'S ELECTION.
A Bitterly Contested Campaign in the
College Town I'rnvinj
to a Close.
BERKELEY. Cal.. April 9.— One of the
hottest p hiical campaigns ever held in
Berkeley will close to-morrow night,
wben the candidates will all have com
pleted their fight for the local offices.
Sunday will intervene, and then the day
ol voting comes.
At the last moment prominence has
been given to a new issue— that of the
Berkeley Floral Society's plan to have the
town come under the provisions of the
btate tree-planting act. The proposal will
be on the ballots lor voters to approve or
disapprove by stamping opj osite tbe
"yes" or "no." Superintendent of Streets
Cnick has declared strongly in favor of
the L>lan, as have also some of the non
partisan party's leaders.
The contest for the offices has been fur
ther embittered by the effort to have the
Non-Partisan party's excluded from the
ballots. The latter declare that the legal
movements made aro a plan to deprive
them of rignts by pushing technical
points, ar.d if the final decision of th«
court Roes against them, they will en
deavor to have the who c election de
clared invalid. The present officers, who
would then hold over for two years more,
are Xon- Partisans, and most of them are
on that party's ticket for re-election. The
ground of such an effort would be that
proper sample ballots were not distributed.
Should the court now order a change in
the ballots, it would De impossible for the
Town Clerk to prepare ballots anew in
lime foi the election.
Proof Agttijut Hard Tlmet.
OAKLAND, Cal.: April 9.— Rev. Miles
Grant, the 80-ton evangelist, is one ol the
oldest ministers in the imlpit and he is
now holding services in ibis city. He has
brought the question of economic living to
perfection and declares that he knows how
to live and has lived for many years on
87^5 cents per week. His menu is the fol
lowing:
One pound Irish oatmeal, 5 cents; 2 quarts
flour &i 5 cents a quart (for unleavened bread),
10 cents; beaus, two-thirds 01 a quart, 5 cents;
peas, half quart, 4 cents; figs, quarter pound.
4Vi cents; dates, half pound, 5 ceuts; new
cheese, half pound, 10 cents; raw eggs, one
dozen, 20 cents; milk, three quarts, at a cents,
24 cents; total, 87), cents.
lo Try Alaska Again. .
OAKLAND, Cal., April The disap
pointment experienced by Oaklunders last
year did not entirely allay the suspicion
that there is some gold in the northern
country. A party of Oaklunders left to
day on the steam-schooner Albion to hunt
for nuggets along the Yukon. The party
is under the charge of Dr. Walker, Edwin
Gilbo and Homer Pennick, who had
charge of the steamer Excelsior on a sim
ilar mission last year.
New Shipyard on the Creek.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9. — Curtis &
Gray, the Benicia ship- bailers, have de
cided to locate a large slip on Oakland
Creek. They have already let contracts
for the construction of some new ways, on
which they will be able to take vessels of
moderate size. Mr. Gray says that the
advantages of Oakland harbor are ereater
than those to be obtained at Banir.ia.
BERKELEY MEN HOPEFUL.
They Have Confidence That the Honor*
of To-I)ij'i Intel collegiate Base
ball MhicU Will Go to Them.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— On the
eve of the first of the series of three bnse
baii games to be played against Stanford
this season the Berkeley men are san
guine of a victory. With as cood a
Ditcher as last year and with a better ag
gregation of batters the U. C. men feel
that they will stand a good show of vic
tory against tbe Palo Alto nine. It is
conceded that Berkeley's battery is su
perior to that of Stanford, but on the
other hand the team work of the cardinal
players and their buoyancy through for
mer successes lends to offset the suDeri
or ty of Berkeley's pitcher and catcher.
Their last practice game this afternoon
was full of snap and but few errors^ were
noted.
Ihe jrarae will be held at Central Park
and will be called at 2 o'clock, following
are the men who will play for California:
Pitcher, Kaarsburg; first bas^e, Hennesey ;
second base, Elston; third base, Krue;
shortstop, McLaren; left field, Hoag;
center field, Hall; leit field, Sykes.
Destroyed by Fire. '
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9. — Early this
nonius the resilience of If. Coh'en ol
Peialra P;trk was burned to the ground
The blaze was sinned by a coal-oil stuve.
Despite the efforts of the Peralta Park
company to extinguish the flames the
house and lurniture. valued at $:325, were
totally destroyed. Tnere was a small in
surance.
Insurance companies claim that cycling
is more dangerous than traveling by rail
way or by nliip.
C. P. HUNTINGTON
VISITS BERKELEY
West and North Berkeley-
May Be Connected
by Rail.
He Was Accompanied by Man*
ager Kruttscbnitt and
C F. Crocker.
Tliey Make a Trip to tho Proposed
Terminus of ths Valley Ro:d
at Richmond.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— Collis P.
Huntington visited Berkeley to-day and
as a result of his tour of the town there
are all torts of rumors afloat regarding
prospective enterprises to be carried out
by the company of which he is the bead.
The railroad president made his appear
ance in the University town shortly
before noon, in company with General
Manager Kruttscunitt and C arles F.
Crocker. The three distinguished visitors
were escorted by Charles A. Bai.ev, one
of Berkeley' s largest property-owners.
They drove to all points of interest, first
making a tour of the university grounds
and then proceeding to view the town
generally.
Tne presence of the great man was soon
noised about and there was lively specu
lation about the object of the visit. Hun
tington, KruHschnitt and Crocker are not
wasters of time, and it is not regarded &a
likely that they spent a large part of a
very hot day driving about in tiie sun in
search of health. That some plans of imiort
ance brought trie big trio to tne university
town Is regarded as certain, but the magnate
did not open his lips to announce anyenter
pri-ch, nor did any of those who ought to know
vouchsafe any information on the subject.
At the local railroad offices nothing was
to be learned. Some of the officials did
not know that Hutilington was in the town.
They had heard that some one had seen him,
or that some visitor had been taken for him,
but us to railroad business that might cave
brought him, they were as speechless ax the
proverbial oyster. Outalde of railroad circles,
However, gossip was plentiful.
Among the reports currtnt is one that better
facilities are to be provided for North and
West Berkeley. The Utter now has a single
train that goes to and fro irotn Shell Mound,
while the former it on the regular Berkeley
local line-
Be'ween the two is the old unused California
and Nevada Kfiilroad, running from near
Shell Mound northward in the direction of
I'oint KicliiniT.il, the terminus talked of for
the new Valley Railroad, l'eralta Park, a
growing residence district, and Schmidts
Village, both at present ill supplied with rail
road lines, are wi.hin the district Inclosed by
tne two Southern Pacific lines mentioned.
The visitors went over tne ground and pro
ceeaert to Richmond Point.
It is stated ihat a loop to connect North and
West Berkeley and to incude the I'era.ta Park
district will be constructed. Such a line
would cover ground now only to be reached
by driving from the Berryman. East Berkeley
or Delaware-sweet station, and would secure
for its builders the patronage of what will one
dey be a residence district well settled.
Ah a part of the plan, It it said, the California
and Nevada Railroad wil.be absorbed to ex
clude possible future competition. The most
valuable tilings about this road are its fran
chise and the grading that lias been dove, as
the tracks ana rolling siock are not such as
could be put to use by Huntiugtoii's corpo
ration.
EFFIE HOLSTROM.
Judge Scan-oil trui D-ciiio the Ques
tion of Her Guardianship Neil
Wednesday Afternoon.
Judge Seawell heard a reargument of the
issues involved in the Effie V. R. Holstrom
guardianship contest, and his courtroom was
as usual crowded with women who have for
several months manifested intense interest in
this case.
The little girl, Effie, was born out of wedlock
four years and a half ago, and was delivered
by her rnothsr, Sarah Maguire, to Mr-. Lucinda
Holstrom, with a written agreement, that the
foster-mother should receive the child and
rear it as her own.
Romo time ago the mother married Mr.
d'Art--nay of Sola no County, and Bought to re
gMia possession of her child. This led to the
filing of conflicting petitions for guardianship
by Mrs. a'Artenay oa oue side and Mrs.
Holstrom on the other. A trial was had two
weens ago, and on the showing made Judjre
Seawell plated the little one in the custody of
the foster-mother, Mrs. Holstrom. but owing
to tbe fact thai the matter had not been lully
argu d he declined to sign the judgment-roll
ana reopened the cast- for further a-guraent.
Malt 1. .-Mil. i vim appeared for Mrs. d'Arte
nay. Hi.- said that the mother of the child
hnd displayed tier overmastering nffectiou
lor her oflsrrirg by n>»:rf everyihing she
held most, dear in life when she accompbnied
an officer 10 Mrs. Holstrom's home to secure
possession ot the child. She was happily mar
ried to a man who knew nothing of her early
indiscretions, yet she took the chanc?s of
nrotning his anger b\- bol.lly demanding her
c.'iild r.nd letting him aud the whole world
know ol her past.
Touching the question ol cruelty to the
child m separating it from it* foster-mother
Mr. Sullivan thought It would not lake more
than two weeks' timo witn kind treat-. tent,
candy aud such things to change the course
of its affections $•> thai it would be just as de
voted to its own mother us it now seems t ■ be
devoted to its U^ter-m other. Mr. Sullivan
thought thßt the temporal ai d eternal wel
fare oi the child demanded that Mrs. d'Arte
nay should ba given the custody of her off
spring.
Mr. Deuprey responded by making light of
Mr. Sul.ivr.n's ideas regarding the easo with
which a child's affections may be won away.
'i he learned counsel on the other side had
never known the jo-.s and sorrows, the re
sponsibilities and the pleasures of rearing
children. As tor himself, if such considera
tion-; as bad been sugges-t-d couid win nls
children lrora him he hoped that the shafts of
heaven might strike him de.id.
Mr. Beuprey said that aster the child, Effle,
was taken by force from Mrs. Holstrom, Mrs.
d'Artenay had the custody of thecnild for iwo
weeks, and had tne privilege of close assicla
tiou with her for two more montns, yet was
not able to win her affections. The court hed
uitn^sici that the child is devotedly attached
to its lcster-inother, Mr*. Holstrom, while for
Mrs. d'Arteuay it had ouly a feeling ot aver
sion.
Judge Seawell announced that he would ren
der his decision next Wednesday afternoon at
'£ o'clock, and <tirecied Mrs. Holstrom to have
the child In court at that time.
TWO GAY YOUNG GIRLS.
They Ran Away From Home and Are
Discovered by Secretary Uolbruok.
Amy McDonald, aged 17, residence 772 Wood
street, Oakland, and Lizzie Furlong, aged 16,
whose home is at till Magnolia street, Adeline
station, Oakland, disappeared from their
homes about a month ago. When last seen
they were in company.
The case was at once reported to the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, but it was unabla to discover tne
girls' whereabouts. From time to time they
were tesn crossing the ferry, but by no one
having the autnonty to take them into cus
tody.
But yesterday Frank A. Holbrook, secretary
of the Lureka Society f. r ihe Protection of
Cfcildreu. accompanied by Officer T. J. CoDl
non, went to a in use < f unfavorable repute on
Ellis street, where the loriuer had located the
Kins, arrested and iodped them in the City
Prison. Both have developed a strong taste
for the stage, and their particular desire is in
clined to vaudeville performances.
Mrs. Matilda Kaller, a pretty Peruvian
woman residing at 440 Tnird street, com
pained to Secretary liolbrock yesterday that
her husband had been cruelly treating her.
ami hud tailed to provide lor his twosmtll
children for some time. Thursday night, sue
said, he hud threatened her so fiercely that
-!if was obliged to seek refuge with a friend
on Biyaut street. The man will proDably be
arrested.
About two years a|?o Holbrook found the
two babies on Vall«jo street, with an old
Spanish women 80 years old and stone blind.
They had Deen abandoned by both parents
and were in a starving condition. They were
Placed in ati orphan asylum and Holbrook is
much surprised to find them again in the cus
tody of the parents.
FOR THE VALLEY ROAD.
The Committee to Consider Right or
Way Increased — Will Get to
Work Forthwith
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— The original
five members of the committee who met
with the Valley Railroad directors held a
meetiug to-nif>ht and added several names
to the committee, which now consists of
fifteen members as follows: Mayor
Thomas, Supervisor Talcott, Councilman
Prin.-le. W. V. Wtcher, J. P. Taylor,
Frank K. Mott. W. R Davis, E A. Heron,
G. C. Pardee, E. C. S ssions. J. A. Bntton,
J. F. Ti.wle, M. J. Keller, Robert Smilie.
The committee will at once cet to work
and firm out all possible data about right
of way, so that they can submit a proposi
tion to the Valley Railroad as soon as pos
sible.
THE PLORAL SHOW.
Many Beautiful Exhibits at the Monthly
Meeting of the Society.
The Floral Society held its monthly
meeting yesterday in the maple-room of
the Palace Hotel. The display was par
ticularly beautiful. Mrs. T. L. Walker of
Oakland exhibited specimens of the pea
cock iris, an extremely rare flower.
Mrs. Clara Howcrton presented the
society with an exquisitely finished and
framed life-size picture of Mrs. .U O.
Hodgkin*, "The mother of the society. "
She was th« first lady to answer the call
which resulted in organization. This was
about eight years ago. Mr. George Han
sen delivered a' most interesting illus
trated lecture on "Landscape Gardening."
Professor Wood worth of the State Uni
versity will deliver the next lecture.
Invitations were issued to the Santa
Cruz Mountain Floral Society to come in
a body to visit the annual spring show,
given here on May 6... This show will be
the most elaborate one ever held in this
State. ' •-■.r?;:;
NON-PARTISANS MAY GO
A Writ of Review Served Upon
Town Clerk Hans
com.
Ticket of the Independents Also in
Danger— The Latest Sensation
of the Campaign.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— The sen
sation of ibe campaign season in Berkeley
was sprung to-night, with the probable
outcome that the tickets of the Non-Par
tisans and Independent Taxpayers will be
thrown out at the election which takes
place on Monday.
A writ of reyiew was served on Town
Clerk Uanscom to-night, sworn to by Sam
Fisher of the People's party, ordering him
to appear before Judge Greene to-raorrow
evening at 8 o'ciock to show cause why he
allowed the names of the non-partisans
and independent taxpayers to appear on
the official ballots.
In the complaint it is alleged that the
Town Clerk committed an error in re
ceiving the affidavits of nominations of
these two parties upon the ground that
they were not represented at the last gen
eral election.
A demurrer was filed by Clerk Hanscom
through City Attorney Hayne. The de
murrer was argued before Judge Greene
of Department 2 last night. Upon the
conclusion of the argument tne court
practically decided the case, but on the
request of Attorney Chapman he con
tinued the case until to-day to bear fur
ther argument.
When court was called Judge Greene
asked the attorneys for the plaintiffs if
they had experienced a change of heart as
he hati intimated last night that they had
made a mistake in their m tbod of pro
cedure and should have issued a writ of
review. Attorney Graber, for the plain
tiffs, admitted that ne was wrong in issu
ing a writ of mandamus, and tne court
then sustained the demurrer. T is left
the case right where the contending par
ties began and so the writ of review was
procured to-night.
A Russian nobleman has followed the
advice of Count Tolstoi, and divided his
estates among the peasants, reserving but
seven acres for Ins own cultivation.
Continental Club.
The Continental Club will hold its regular
meeting at 1120 Larkin street, next Monday
evening, at which important amendments to
the by-laws will be d.scussed.
In consequence of the alterations in the
club's original place of meeting, new quarter*
have been secured.
KNOWN IN KNOXVILLE.
A CRIPPLE CURED.
The thicago "Times-Herald" Corre
•pondeut at Knoxvilla Meets
an Old Friend.
From the Times-Herald, Chlcaeo. 111.
At the Normal Institute at Knoxville, lowa,
on August 6. the Knoxville correspondent ot
the Onicego Times- Herald was much surprised
to meet his old friend, A. T. Conn, whom
he believed to be a llfe-iong cripple, iron) roeu
maiism «nd sciatica, moving nn>und as brisk
as anybody. As the ast time Mr. Conn hnd
been seen by the Times-Hera. d man he waa on
i-r : ell. -s, and in a terr.ble condition, the sub
ject of his recovery wis the topic ot conversa
tion. The fo. lowing is a resume of Mr. Conn's
Biory :
"You are aware that from overwork and ex
posure in April, 1894, I contracted sciatica
and rhiumutism, and grew steadily worse,
notwithstanding me best of medical treat
ment that the neighborhood afforded, until I
whs at last confined to my b.'ri, and what little
locomotion I performer was done on crutches.
From th© time I was taken until August, 1895.
I tried every remedy 1 could iie»r of, without
any relief whatever. It was at that time that
a friend recommended Dr. Williams' Pink
PiliS, and was so enthusiastic over their vir
tue- that I was persuaded to try them, and be
gan to take them in September, 1895. I was
rather discouraged at first to find mygeli de
cidedly worse, out was urged by my friends to
persevere and give the medicine a fair
trial, and so 1 did. After a while I
b.gan to feel on improvement, though
it was not noticeable to those around
me, but I knew I was better, and soon was so
elated that I foolishly discarded my crutches,
and received a severe fali for uiy pains. This
so retarded my recovery that I became dis
heartened, and gave up taking Pink Pills, so
great was my discouragemeut. I, shortly af.er
this nmhiipand set-back, began ng i . to ;aKo
the Pink- Pills steadily and persevennglv, and
in a short time c<>nl t walk without crutches,
and in January, 1890. was able '.o discontinue
the medicine aitoge-.her, being entirely cured.
Since then I have cleared a piece oi t>ru-h
land, and planted and attended (his year's
crop. 1 took in all seventeen boxes of Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills before I was entirely
cured."
Mr. Conn's address is PleaFnntville, Marion
Co., lova, where he Is us well known as in
Knoxville, his former home.
Dr. Wi.liarns' Pink P. lls contain, in a con
densed lorm, an the elements uetessary to
give now life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are slSi a
specific for troubles peculiar to female.*-, such
as suppressions, irregularities and all iorms of
weakness. In men tney effect a radical cure
in all cases arising from mental worry, over
work or excesses. of whatever nature. Pink
Pills are sold in boxes (never in loose bulk) at
50 cents a box or six boxes lor $2 50. and may
be had of all druggists, or direct by mail from
Dr. Williams' Mediciue.Couipany.bclKJuectady,
Auction Sates
NEW H.UDIYARE AJD FlllJlTl'E!-:
THIS DAY (SATURDAY), 11 A. Sl.*
.417 THIRD SiKEET.
FRANK W. BCTTKRFIKLD, Auctioneer.
tin 1 -' Market street.
KICKED BY A HORSE.
Willie Rogers Sustains a Serious and
Perhaps fatal Injury.
Willie Rogers, a five-year-old boy who
resides with his parents at 254 Minna
street, lies in a very critical condition at
the Receiving Hospital as the result of a
kick administered by a horse. At the
time tho animal was being driven along
Minna street by E. N. Richardson. Ac
cording to Mr. Richardson, the child ran
out into the street directly under the
horse's heels. Tne horse kicked out and
struck the boy full in the face.
An examination by Dr. Bonnell showed
that the nasal bone had been broken and
portions of bone had been driven into the
brain. The roof of the mouth was badly
crushed and the face was badly lacerated.
The boy was kept at the hospital for ob
servation, and his injuries may prove
fatal.
FOOD COFFEE.
GROCER'S SOLILOQUY.
The old story
They threw samples about town .
Loaded me up with goods
At lets price than the genuine
Said could make more money
I bit and got bit.
Must work off the stock
To get my money out,
It grinds tho'
To tell an old customer
The imitation is " just as good"
Drives them away sometimes.
About 403 Cereal Coffees
Have sprung up all over
To imitate the original
Poatum Cereal Food Coffee.
Every man out of a job
Thinks he can make it
Just brown some Rye or Barley
And there you are
A "Cereal Coffee" .
" Just as good as Po3tum"
Make pretty package
Sample the town
Load up the grocer
And drive on.
A fortune for every fool
In four days.
People find out
All that kind of rubbish
Tastes flat and unpalatable
It took over a year
Of scientific experiment
to perfect Postum
The only original palatable
Pure Cereal Coffee
In existence.
When properly made it has
' The color of Mocha
. The taste of Java
The elements nature uses
To rebuild the gray matter
. In the nerve cells.
- Postum is a Hygienic
Pure liquid food
Tons of rubbish
' Are sold to imitate it
But if customers would look
For red seals on packages and
Registered U. S. trade mark
They would secure the genuine.
Some good grocers' names
Get Smirched, when used
For "kitties paws" to rake chestnuts
For some "just as good"
As Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
P.ain, sober, common honesty
! And genuine goods in stock
- Is the safe way.
It might pay to throw
All that imitation away
A short-sighted grocer will
Grind away on the counterfeit
Until his money is back.
A keen, clean grocer
Will sell only the genuine
And keep customers.
STRONG SGI .£te
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood." firm muscles, rueged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Coudory, 460 Quinc?
Building, Chicago. V ;
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of tho
iO ) News of the Week and ■
o( MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
~V PACIFIC COAST
3 — — \ ~~ /~~~~~ —
~J The Best \ / Mining
°» Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
c* The Coast "/ (% \& up to date
©^ : Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting. ;
CX Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
~J Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
) HOME MAIL, $1.50
©< INDUSTRIES . A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
: (
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
figjgjffl ?^£?', IEAKX ' r ST ' Established
■Tl\ SB ." 181.-I for the treatment of Private
aLLaiiM Disease*. Lost Manhood. Debility or
JMSfcgMM* disease wearing on bodyand mind and
>tW M Skin Diseases. The doccoroures when
JB»sflreM others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Dr. J. v, uWBOIT. B«K 1857. Cullorwnta.
Or. J. r. WIBB9K. Box 1937. iau Franclao*
1112
WOO TIN FONG
A BIG GUN
Oxford Sends a Graduate
as Chinese Min
ister.
Learned in the Law and ol
Maoy Rare Accom
plishments.
King Owyang's Successor Recently a
Polic; Magistrate in
Hongkong.
The arrival of the Oriental and Occi
dental steamship Gaelic, which is due to
day, will be an interesting event to the
Chinese of this City, for on board is Woo
Tin Fong, the newly appointed Chinese
Minuter to th j United States, Spain,
Cuba and Peru, with headquarters in
Washiiißton, D. C.
Minister Fong is a gentleman of bigb
standing. He is a graduate of Oxford and
a lawyer and speaks English perfectly
and will appoint from his retinue of «>ixty
persons the Consuls-General for tue coun
tries in his jurisdiction.
The Minister is a ripe scholar and speaks
English to perfection. He formerly held
the position of Director of Government
Railways at Tientsin. It is expected that
his knowledge of the English system of
jurisprudence, bis wiiie learning and his
high standing at home and abroad will be
be used to inaugurate many reforms and
abate many evils which now prevail
among the Chinese population, especially
in California. It is hoped and expected
that he will take vigorous steps to stop
the illicit importation of women and
opium into this country.
Among the retinue is Ho Kai, who is
said to be elated for the Consul-Genera!-
Bhip at this port, now held by Fung Yung
Heng. Mr. Kai is also a noiabie sum,
being a graduate in medicine, law and
Christian theology, and recently occupied
the office of Police Magistrate in the
British colony of Honekong.
Vice-Consul King Owyang of this City
said to a Call reporter yesterday that Mr.
K.ai's Chiistianity wasno bar to his ad
vancement in positions of trust and honor
in the Ctiine.se Government, the civil
service of that country beine non-tec
tarian.
The Vice-Consul had not yet been in
formed of the name of his successor.
Chinese Ministers and those appointed by
them to Consul-Generalsnips, etc., hold
office for three years, at the end of which
time a clean sweep is made. All these
appointments are subject to the approval
of ihs Emperor of China, and he s?ldom
withholds his approval from any appoint
ment.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Weil, Sacramento P Ruhlman, New York
A M Davis, -New York W S Pea ley &w,N Yk
F H Loeber, St Helen* Mrs Mr rris, >aiera
Miss Harris, Sa!ein J A de Kav <fc fm, Lmpc
B A Wiiiiams, N w York R C Kennedy. New Yoric
Mm James, Nfeaies Mrs Barker.Needies
Miss Games. Tucson M B startzman, Sickton
C A Stan. on, Los Angls E B Carr. Ferndale
E S Ferrlngton. EUo C E L|nds>.v, tsanta Cn>z
M Besse, Santa Cruz J E Bornford, New York
R W Dodse. Stockton J F. Mack, San Berndiuo
J E « ase, >an Bernrdno T Marshall, !~aTi Leandro
J C Murray, Portland J.s Mc<Jinuis <t w, s Jose
\V R Foruian. Antioch R B Bally. Chicago
W L Mason, Chicago F J Teggart, Manford
F Wolfskin, Winters J Dart. San Jose
Mrs E U Worth, Fortna A Cioldstone, Cottonwood
Miss M K< rn«ra, Lvngtn J F Roney, Soulsbyvlile
D X Stoddard, Merced Mrs « Sands, .Michigan
LSandsJr, Michigan Gs> MunforJ. Miditijaii
Mrs X B Judson, lucma Thos Judson, Tacoma
D Judsun, Tcconia Mrs Macoughtry. l tcina
B .-hearwill A fm.\ (ol A .-chadlich. Oakdale
A Tweckaid. Eureka H Clark. Spokane
C 5 H Waerbury, J-enver C L Nichols bait Lake
G B McKee, San Jose W N Matson, PhiUdpba
It Thori-urn. Chicato FH Woodleton, N Yor<
Mrs T A i.obles, Uodie C R Lipmao, Sacrmenio
11 G White, istauford C Muggletot., JauesvilU
A C Tufts, Sacmmt-nto B Temple, hquallty. 11l
Mrs Holberston. Cal c P Mcuauiel, Mrysville
I* C Mo/:, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
R Young. N V Mlm O V Voun<r, N V
Mrs H Younp, N V (i h I'erklns. N V
C T Frietat', San Jose C H Boston
H E McDon ild. Hosion Mrs H V. Mcl-oiia d.Bstn
G W Cook. Bt.ston F Heck man >acranjento
J Blsslnger, Porilund O Groenuw, i'ort aud
C vV Bters, Ponland G W French, N V
A A Houzrcann, Heading O I. Hini7iiiaiii:. Reading
0 H Gill, Chicago B B Fowke. >t Louis
F A Hall, \v esttield.N V RevC X Gutbrie. R Bluff
Mr fcchwabach&w,Bate:i T J Fielrt. Mouterey
MrsC X Uuthne. R B.uff Miss Cayvi-n. Red Bluff
F Atherly, Ked Bluff B F Bu>"h i oslyn
JG Hodflick. Ohio C Keri,e, Stanford
E W Emerson. l'rovd nee J X ..-tni.ltig, Bedford
F F Rodger*, Stanford >: V\\ ilber !•»
W A Whber, I'a Mrs B 1- Wllb»r, Pa
Mrs W A Wilber, Pa X H Wubtr, Pa
Mrs JD B rod he ad. J'a Mrs R H Wilber Pa
Mrs J B Kaufman. Pa MUs KaufPian. i'a
M L Elliott, -fi:ca <; R dearth. Scarbrough
1 J McCs.-thy.L Angeles J B Andrews, N V
Miss Au-'.r-.vs. N V Mrs J B Audreys, N V
E H Campbell, ÜbS L W btockwell.L Angles
Mrs HastiDß-i, I os Ang'.s Jliss Hastings. L Angela
G O Kruse, X V F A West, biocklon
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Ball, San Jose J P .Veller, San Mateo
"W" James, U>kersfleld Aliss A Sutherland, N V
L Berrymoure, NY A Brown, N V
CChropp, N V CA McAfee. Cincinnati
C E Davis. Chicago G P Wlison, N V
E Heytnan, Los Olivos I) Cooper w, Greenfie'd
Mrs R S Wells is. Ind D Sniizer. San Jose
£. N .->ui:zer, San Jose M Marsh, Greenfield, lnd
L B Moss, NY J Maguj, N V
Jl N Winans, Sac
;nk\v western hotel.
A F Mnnyon &w, .Mich X Monyon. Newark
>; Appletnn, Bosiun M McDonald, .fescadejo
E G .-nntli. Oakland j Flchlln. Cal
C Id-ni'-i i-.li. Berke.ey B L Fish Cal
J A C 1 J A Kin*. Ogden
I'O'Donnell. Cal M Morrow. C.I
F W Morrison. Trenton r Weober Jr. Lo* Ant
Mis* McDonald, Lai Miss A MNelsou, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
! BTTSIIf KBS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Elf In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 [ arktn street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
B\V. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. SflgSM
2818 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth strett; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1605 Polk s'reet: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-seconi and Kentucky
•srwets: open till 9 ">ii-ck.
NOTICE OF JIEKTINGB.
»-3¥» EXCELSIOR I.ODOK NO. 166. F. •
**& an<> A. M — Special inee inn THIS J\
RDAY) KVKNIi\O, April 10. at'lfV
7:30 o'clock, First decree. /VN
. THm K. SMITH. Secretary.
WPS" GOLDEN GATe; E.N CA M I'M NT&J
**-&' No. I, I. O. O. F., meets TO- XI OUT S X*
Odd J-e l mi building. Patriarchal »nd gold- A
en rule degrees; five candidates. All patriarchs
invited to attend.
WM. K. DUBOIS, C- P. Pro. Tern.
WryS* EXCELSIOR DKORK.K ~. ■«.■■•■»»«-
I*-*' X-odKe So. i, I. O. O. F.— Rern-
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Third %>?&?*£?
degree will be conferred. • -- - - vv* 7
A. K. KINGSfORD, D M.
»r]K* ANNUAL MKKTINO — NOTJOK IS
■»»*' hereby given that the tenth annual meeting
of the stockholders of the l:allan->w m M:.iu .1
Loan Association m il be held at tbe < flic- if the
corporation, .No. 618 Montgomery St., corner • I
Commercial, on W; DNKSDAY, April 14, 1597.
at 7:.0 o' lock r. M., for the uurpose <•! c ectliiK
directors :or the ensuing year, presentation of the
tenth annual report and the transaction of such
other business as may come befire the njeenn;;.
llnomare now open for itabucription to 1000
■bares of stock ol tbe eleventh s rles. Loans
maue in San Kianclsco aid .lam da counties
only. - Interest. 6 per <em per annum free of mort-
gage taxes. Premium, '.'0 iit cent cross, or Ml
cents per. share instalments at pleasure of bor-
rower, wliich amounts' to $12. 50 per month for
each $1000 net cash received .by (he borrower,
this sum paying both principal ' .-ml Interest.
1 oans may be repaid at any timed -sire 1. Order
of the Board Of Directors. A. KBA RBURO, sec.
K5" CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
SF^ s ' THE WEEKLY. CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for 91 50,
•ostagefrec.
CHURCH NOTICES.
ICS* SIMPSON MEMORIAL, METHODIST
«»-*' Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haightst. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 v. if.
'1 he pastor will preach at both services. Topic
of the morning sermon. •The Power of His Resur-
rection"; in tne evening. 'A Disastrous ■ hip-
wreck— Many Lives L: st " Sunday-school at 12:30
p. M.. C. B. Perkins superintendent. Epworth
League service at 6:30 v. it. The public cordially
invited to all the services of this church. Seats
free. Ushers In attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening a: 7 :45 o'clock.
jS^S= TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
»V-^ Sixteenth ami Market sts.— Rev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor, Services morning 11 o'clock.
Subject: '-Palm Sunday Rejoicings." Baptisms
and reception of members at ttie morning service
Evening at 7:30. Pre lide. ••Young People and
Thei' Intimate Friends." Sermon topic: "Th-
Annlysls of Tears." >acramentßl services Good
Friday at 8 P M. Sunday- school 12:30 H. H. : John
Dvar. bui erintendenu beats free. Pastor's resi-
dence, b631 Sixteeulhs.
K5» • HOWAISD »T. M. E. CHURCH, BhT.
S^*' Second and Third— Rev. \\ . W. Case. D D.,
lias. or. The pastor will preach morning and even-
ing. Evening subject, "Alcoholism; Its Cause and
Cure," btran^er^are cordially Invited.
ap^S 31 HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
i*-^ cor. oak ana Baker sta.— Rev. F. R. larrai.a.
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:46 P. U.
Morning subject, "The Silence of God " ■ veiling
subj-ct. "Houie-breakinc.- or Some Hints Ah mi
Keeping Married." being the second sermon
In a series on "The Jionie " >aobalh-school
at 9:30 a. M. Y. P. H. C. F. at 6:45 P. m. Churus
Monday evening. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening. All cordially iuviled.
jf-Tp FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
E^- i? cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Kobert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Kdwln Hall
Jenks, co-pastor. 'Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
il a. ii. Mr. Je •ks will preach at 7:16 P. M.
sun lay-school at 1v:45 p. m.: Y. P. 8. C. E. at
6:SO p. m. Prayer- meeting Wednesday, at H p. v.
All are welcome.
tr^Sr* A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-jr-S^ WKEKIY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
R^S- THEY SELL, ALL KINDS OF DRY
«*-^ goods, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
towe's. latjle covers, laces, embroidery, linings,
trimmings, veilings, etc.. very cHeap at Pioneer
Dry-guoos store, 105 Fifth St.
»T]S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4:
»*& roller t:ons made: city or country. Pr.rlHc
Collection Co.. 415 Montey St.. room 6: tel. 6580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
IKTy* DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE NEVADA
ffi^-^ Bank of San Francisco— l Board of Direc-
tors of : .is baiiK have declared a dividend (Xi . 20)
lor the quarter ending March 31. at the rate of
six (6) i er cvnt per annum payable on and af er
April 15. Transfer books will be closed fioai the
lOih to the 15th ins:. , both iiavs in lusivn.
D. «. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. April 9. 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
I^IRST-CLASR GERMAN LAUNDRESS Dt-
X sires a situation; also 2 neat Scandinavian girls
for housework with ben of references desire situa-
tions. Apply to J F. CKOSETT & CO., 316
fe utter st.
mnOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED GERMAN
X Protestant Infant* nurse; would take entire
charge of baby In city or country; best references.
1221 i/Farrell su
T) EFIN E D, EDUCATED YoUNG LADY
XV w:slies position as companion «nd private sec-
retary to a ludy or elderly gentleman. Adaiess E.
W., box 42. Call Office.
COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK FROM THE
East, a nice laundress and baker, kind to chil-
dren; moderate waices; city or country. 1064
Howard s:., room 23.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMU-
A ble disposition desires a position as typewriter
or copyist. 1 J(l> ; Geary hi., room 2, drsi fl-.or.
yOU.NO EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
X wants a permanent position as housekeeper In
lodging-house or widower's home. Room 3, 995
Market st
yOl'X • LADY, FORMERLY IN UOtli CIR-
X cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper In hotel, bachelor's or widower's home:
will do plain sewing. Km 11, *^23 Post s  2d floor
/COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES BITUA-
\J tion to do general housework. 0:i. r >y 3 Powell.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
gener.il housework. Address S. M., box 19,
Call Office.
OX*),; MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_O — U want «ds taken lor THE CALL.
yorsu woman wants mending by
X the piece or by the day. 613 Mission, room 6
WOMAN wan position to take CARK
IT of children or do light chamber nor*. 2633
Post at.
SCOTCH GIRL WISHES MITUATiUN. HOUSE-
O work and coo King. Apply 321 Kills -;.
WANTED— GOOU HOME INPROTKSTANT
family and privilege of going to school for
girl 15 years of hjj in return for light services.
Address Girl, box 79, Call Office.
V'OUNG WOMAN WOLLD LIKE A SITUA-
X tlon as housekeeper. Call or address House-
keeper, room 42, 775 Mission si.
jyY YOUNG GIRL. SITUATION TODOGEN-
-1 ' eral housewcrk in American family. Call at i
771 Vt Wood st.,Oukland.
yOUXU WOMAN WOULD LIKE CARE OF
X children with upslulis work. 616 Thirds.. I
Oakland.
— _ I
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY; j
TT housework. 1579 Fifte<-nth, near Mission.
A TTRACTIVK YOUNG LADY. STkaNGKK.
■A. sires to secure a housekeeper's place in hotel,
bachelor's <r widower's home; city or country.
Rooms - and 3, 223 Pott st
"Iir ANTED— PLAIN i-KWING TO DO AT
• TT home: reasonable. 1113y 3 Howard St., room 9.
L""XPKRIKNCED AND PRACTICAL YOUNG
Hi lady desires a position as typewriter and ste-
nograpner; city or country. Rooms 3 and 4, 309
Sutler st.
OWE DISH WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK
O by the day or plcin washing at home. Address
A. is., box 118, CalMJfflce.
STKONG YOUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
O place in a family; wa.es $10. Address B. N..
box 118, Call Office.
XX FIN E D ACCOMPLISHED YO V O
French widow dcslies a place as housekeeper
or companion. Room '1. 1 '11 i'o st. ■- <■ : v" v '- '
pI»MPETENT WOMAN WANTS HUUSr-
\J work : good coo* and laundress. Call or ad-
dress 3480 seventeenth St.. near Guerrero
ERMAN WOMAN WIs.HKS^ SITUATION
VJT as experienced cook in city or country; good
references. Call 405 1/3 Gough st.
pOMPETENT M'lls-E WOUj.u LIKE SITU-
\J tion: take entire charge of children; best of
references. 428 Clementina su
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, lou.q-
west corner .-ixtee:i:a and Mission •;*.
rs I C LARK IN -BRAN OF* ICK OF THE
VJiO CALL: lubscrintlons ana want ad« taken.
yoUNG LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place; good disposition; prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home- city
or coun.ry. Rooms 10 an 1 11, m Post st.
:,Y ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER IN
• > widower's family or for bachelor: best refer-
ences: city or country. M. a., 1553 Fifth st
Oakland.
('] LAHKIN-BKAXCH OFFICE OF THE
\J±O CALL. ' Subscriptions and want ads taken.
■\rouNG Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper In hotel. wiJov.ei's or bachelor's
home; will do pi tin sewing. 1122 Market, rra. 31.
/■•I P. LAKKIN— BKA.NCH OFFICE OF THE
\./±<J Call. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
pERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
VJ P'.lvuti- Jewish family; would do good cooking
ami iizht housework. Cal. 438 Ivy uVf., near Oc-
tuviast.
EXPKRIK.VCKD HOUSEKEEPER would
like a position In widower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country preferred. Apply 88 Ninth su,
room 17; call after 11 a. m.
VI IDDLE-.UJKI) DRES*MAKKK. CUTTER
i.»i- and fitter wants position as seamstr ss in ho-
tel or lD l C I h 6°5 U M! ssl5 sl h C Vu l>n( ' room and board
$15 or 520. 1165Mlssioc st.
OMPETKNT LADY WISHES SITUATION
\J us housekeeper for parties while gone to the
country Call 26361/4 Suite.- St. ""?;; "- "
/'I - LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
yJIKt CA:-L. bubscriptlons and want ads taken.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WI4HKH POSITION
as second girl. Please call 3100 i/a La?una st.
QW COli. MXTKKNTH ST.. NEAR MIS
slon; branch office of Tua Call, bub--
siripiions and wwnt ads taken.
A 7" O XING OKIIMA.N LADY OEMi'.ES posi-
X tion as hc.u-ek^eper. fail 120 a 1 ddy. room 7.
"UMNCHE&TJ--K iiOLfcK 44 IHI Kb ST.. Nit
»» Market: 200 rooms VBc o SI 50 per ni<ht
fl 60 to f« per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and bacgage 10 and troru the Irrry.
F REPOSSESSING YOUNG LADY OF i XPE-
nence desires a place as typewriter. Apply
room 850 Market st., firs Door.
EAT GERMAN GIRT. WANT* SITUATION;
i-' good cook and laundress: country prefened
Address N.W., box 101 Call office. •
Ci] X LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
vlu CALL, Subscriptions and wont ads iaii-u.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
FITIT ATIONS WANTED—
/GERMAN GIKL WISHES SITUATION AS
VT chambermaid: city or country. Call or ad-
diess A. I)., 114 Fourth St., room 31.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND W ANT ADS FOR THE
O Cam. taken at branch ottico. 339 Uayra »l;
open unti U:3;> o'clock.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
pHINESE <t JA PAN FBE; KST'D 20 YEARS;
\Jhelp:tel.main 1997. BRADLEY A Cu.. 640 Clay
AN AND WIFE DESIRE A SITUATION
in the count r-'; man good gardener, etc.;
woman Is good cook and housekeeper. Apply
Mils. DaDaMI, 313Sutter St.; lei. rod 2713.
AM KEE-CHINESE AND JAFENKSK EM-
SAM KEE-CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office. 511 J^ Busb st., nr. Grant aye.
Ht>'l ER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANKSE
XX employment office, removed to 614 Vi Califor-
nia m.. i. ear Ktarnv. 'lei. main 231.
"IAPA.StSE I.\Tr.Li.IGhXOK AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, ii Eddy st.: tel ) tin 5234.
Ahl-VESE and japa.nesk employment
\J office: best help. 4111 u'Farreil. Tel. E. 420.
poULTRYMKN, ATTENTION— TEMPKRATE
* married man from Massachusetts wants situa-
tion oil pouitiy ranch; is competent to take full
charge; 16 years' experience with incubators and
raising poultry on .arge seal-: undeiatands fi'.tlng-
up broiler outfit. Ca 1 or write. W. PARSONS,
New Western Hotel. 824 Kearny st
I^KLIABLE, STEADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
IV tion around private pUce; city or country; to
take care of hsrsei and buggy ami make himself
genera useful: it a fair gardener and Is handy
with tools. li., box 75, Call I race.
SOBER MIDDLE-AGED MAN. STRONG,
willing, wants work in private family: used to
horses, arderiint; hii I (Oor.irijj; reference; wages
noobjec . Adlresa T. H., corner First »nd Web-
ster sts., Oakland.
TNDUSTRIOUS YOUNO GERMAN, AGE 25,
X wishes to make himself useful in a grocery-
store or w1ioI«-hh'»> house: won il do any kind of
work for reasonable wages. I. G., box 40. Call.
TNDU-STRIOUB YOUNG GERMAN WISHES
X to make Himself u-nful abou: private place: Is
a good gardener and very handy with tools: can
take care of horses, etc. S. P., box 87, Call Office.
ynuxi; man WISHES a situation IN a
X butcher-shep; wages no object; wan to work;
some experience. 434 TentU at.
IJIANO-PLAYER, FIRST CLASS, GERMAN,
X wants engagement: will assist behind the bar.
A. 8., box 161, tail Office.
BY EXPERIENCED PROSPECTOR AND
practical miner, some financial backing to go
prospecting in the desert A. dress B. Ji.. box 73,
Ca.l Office.
"ly TED-SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS
IT carna c and wagon blacksmith, also good
horseshrer. At ply 191 Shipley at.
IRST-CLASS CAKE BAKER: CITY OR
J country. GEO. HUBER, 8% Moss st
r»l ► LA RKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"'« CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOU.NG MAN (SPANISH) DESIRES TO SE-
X cure a good home in exchange for his services;
lsnotafiald of work; good references: object to
learn English. Address M., box 86, Call Office.
I>AI.\TER, ORAINEK, PAPEH-HANGER
and wbitener, with tools, wants work br d<ty
ore utract: city or country. Address WHITE,
box 130, Call Office.
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION AS PLAIN
cook, housework and waiter; has best refer-
ences. S. FRANK, 931 . c acramento at
} -in MONTGOMERY, CORNER of CLAY—
•'— I Open until 9:30 o clock; branch office or
Ibe Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
TAPANESK, FIRST-CLASS COOK. WANTs
O situation for big family In the city or country.
Address K. X., box 121, Call.
A»" ANTED — POSITION BY ASSISTANT
»* diuggiit, German, & years' experience; or
work of any kind. J. a.. Port Costn, Cal.
OITUATIQN WANTED BY A COMPETENT
0 French cook in restaurant, private family or
camping party. . Address L. C, box 74. Call.
4MARKKT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF IHE
Call: want ads and subscriptions ia>en.
ARMER AND WIFE ON RANCH: WIFE
X good cook, man can do any ranch work. Ad-
dress R. W., box 134, Call office.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ at — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
BY MAN, AGK 37 YEARS, SINGLE, Posi-
tion in general merchandise store In country:
experience and recommendations: capable of
keeping boots: speaks different languages. Ad-
dress C. R., box 58, Call Oflice.
INDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN;
1 handy man with musical Instruments, fair bar-
ber, good gardener and a 1 round bandy man; with
best of reference: prefer springs or rummer resort ;
city or Oakland; f«ir waxes. F., box 68. Call.
GOOD CORNET PLAYER WISHES SITUA-
tion. MaXIUEBEL, 17 Alta st.
'J'JQ HAVES oT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•JOt/ 'lux Call; kuoscrip'.ioo* ana w»u. l.As
taken.
FKJiALE HELP WANTED.
r LUNCH WAITRESSES. 60c, ETC.; WAIT-
*J ress. Sunday, 75c: waitress, $5 a week and
room; waitress, $6 a week: waitress, small place,
73 50 a week: waitress. $12 anil room: waitress,
ciiy. $£0 and room, call early. MARTIN «fe CO.,
749 Market st.
/"IOOK. *tf A WEEK, CALL EARLY; COOK.
\J *20, city, call enrly; cook, mining town, 920
and room. MARTIN & CO., 719 Market st.
YOUNO GERMAN OR AMERICAN GIRL
X wanted for housework;' sleep home. 16.5/ 3
Howard St., downstairs.
2 GuOD WAITRESSES TO TAKE CHAIGE
** of nice dining-rooms, »25, etc MARiIN &
CO., 749 Market *:.
ALESLADY FOR CANDIES?, CONFKCTION-
-0 cry, etc.: see party 10 to 11. MARTIN & CO..
749 Market M.
WANTED— YOUNO GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework arid plain cooking. 1203 Gougn.
LADY AOKNTS FOit A PUBLISHING COM-
XJ pany. MARIIN 4 CO., 749 Markets*..
It- ANTED — 9 GERMAN OR SCANDIXA-
" vlan girls for same house, as .coo*, $25, and
: second gir , $20; Ourmin nurse ai.<l second giil,
(20: 2 waitresses. $5 a week: 2 waitresses. . 6 a
week: head Wai ress, $30; cook, restaurant, 825;
German second girl. $.5: laundress for family,
$25: 2 cooks, city ai.d < ouniry, $30; a number of
elrls for housework, $15, $20 «nd $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSKTT & i 0., 316 .Suiter si.
>) WAITRESSES, KESTAUKANT, CITY. $5 A
«£ w«;; se«ond cook, hotel, ?20; » cooks, board-
ing-house, $20; cook, pnvkle family. $25; girl for
housework, Oakland, $20: 12 gtris lor housework,
city. $1j and $.0; woman I r ranch cook, $;!u;
nur.iesirl. $10. CX.II AN HEN & CO., 110 Ueary.
l\rAlTßl<>B FOR FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
»» hotel, $20. R. T. WARD* CO., 610 Clay su
W..NTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
woik; mum be good cook and lam. dress: con-
m : uk city reference. Apply after 9 a. if. at 8005
lav lor si.
AMERICAN woman PARTNER IN DIN-
J\- ing-room; no capital; would rent cheap. 46
Market »:., room 6.
WANIED— GOOD GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK
" for 2 in .ami y; must sleep at home. 110j
Kentucky ».., Potrero.
Y\r ANTED . GOOD GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
"» eral housework and cooking. Apply bet. 9
and 12. J 308 Geary sL .'"
Y"l-'XG NURHEGIRL. $12: GIRL, HOUsK-
■X work, 3 iv lamily, ;ptain cooklug, f 20. 721
tills ht. _•; ■-; -:■•
GIRL TO DO DOWNSTAIRS WORK AND
cooking: wages $20. Apply 740 Cas.ro si.
GIRL WHO PLAYS PIANO; CALL EARLY.
116 >uitou bu
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF XliJt
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
1 ) AR 1 I KS LOOKING FOR FURNISHED OR
X unfurnished houses and rooms call ou Mils
SPENCER, 1831 Park SU. A lum^da.
KKFI.SKI.,UNINCi;MBr KKD YOUNG LADY
lor electric baths, 134b Marke. sk, room 1.
LJNISHI.Xs O.\ CLOTH ; GOOD BUTTON-
y hole-maker; good wages; steady work. 106
Bait cry su.
"L IRST-CLASS BKWKRS ON WRAPPER-
X I wals a. etc. H. FREIDLANDEK, 310 Vi Fell
st , from Btoloa. m.
U" ANTED— GERM AN GIRL, ABOUT 20, FOR
" general ■ housework; no cooking. Apply at
130 Page st M
GIRL \V AXT D IO LEARN VEST-MAKING;
\J tood sewer preferred. 6Va Hyde si.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHO L-FRENCIt
• tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 04.
/.'I * LAHKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
XJXU Call: subscriptions and wan. ad«. taken.
I ATE.ST SKI XT*. STYLISH JACKETS, PKR.
-Ij frct-fltting waist patterns cut to order, 2Cc:
wanted, ladles to learn the McDowell iiressmafc-
lug and Millinery School, 103 Post si.
PUSS'S JJRKIS-siUAKINti AND CUTTING
1 Academy. 14 McAllister s'_: $1 a week.
VI O^T c « VKNIKNT AM. RESPECTABLK-
i»JL Winchester Hous». 44 Third st . near Markst
100 rooms: 25c to $1 6j per night; $1 60 io $j
per week: free 'on* and t>»Kga«* to and irom ferry.
D'wsfal^'i A , D BEST IN AMERICA-THB
it » J^ X . I<Y (ALL, sent to any address in the
1 lilted States or Canada one year for $1 60, poet-
HALE HELP WANTED.
,\Y rANTED AT ONCE— BLACKSMITH AND
» 1 borsethoer, country shop: 3 aborers. $1 60 a
day. MURRAY A READY. 634 and «86 Clay st.
WANTED AT GRANITE-CURB CUT-
ter: 3 quarrvrnen, $1 75 to $2 a day. MUR-
RAY A RKaDY, 634 ana 636 Ciay st .
WANTED AT TAILOR, COUNTRY
»» shop. MURRAr A RKADY, 634 and 636
Clay at.
ANTED AT ONCK— BARBKR, COUNTRY
11 shop. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Ciay st.
WANTED AT ONCK — GARDENER, PRI-
TT vate family, $25 and found. MURRAY A
READY, 1.34 and 63| c lay st.
WANTED AT FARMER WHO CAN
write business letters, etc.. »20 aud found.
MURRAY A READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Ciay st
EVERYBODY WANTING WORK COME AND
XJ see us. MURRAY A READY, Leading .Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
ANTED AT ONCE — MAN AND WIFE
»» .(without children for a ranch: see boss
here 8:30 a. m: . Job near city. MURRAY A
READY. 634-636 c lay a..
W .ANTED AT ONCK-FARMKR AND WIFE
»» for an orchard, north: see boss In clt»: 20
farmers, orchards and vineyard bands. 3 milkers.
Ml'il'.AY A READY, 63;-636 Clay st.
"Y\r A N TE D ATONCr:— SHEKP-MIEAHER, $1
fT a day and board: young man to milk 6 cows
and drive milk wa:o», $12 and found, near city.
AIURKAY ARKADY, 634-636 Clay st.
Air ANTED AT ONCE— IO WOODCHOPI'ERS:
" 3 boys to do chores on farms and orchards, $1 0
and $15. MURRAY A READY, 684 and 636
Clay st.
WANTED ATONCE-JAPANKSK COOK FOR
»» ranch, $25. MURRAY A READY. 634 and
636 Clay at.
WANTED AT ONCE— S HOTKL AND RE>-
T» taurant cooks, 830, $40 and $60; broiler, $35;
3 waiters, $25; 2 dishwashers, $16 and $20; por-
ter, $15: tontvorlal artist for country shop: Ger-
man cook. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
ANTED AT ONCK— L AUNDR V M A N,
»» half fare Dald' $7 a week and found. MUR-
RAY A: HEADY. 634 and 636 C ay St.
HEAD MEAT CO. K. COUNIRY HOTEL, $70:
restaurant butclur, $50; secoad cook, res-
taurant, $55; fry cook, restaurant, $60; French
lnumlryman for a summer resort, $25. C. R.
HANSKN A CO., 110 Geary St.
DANISH DRIVER FOR A MILK WAGON. $30
and found; German-Swiss milker for Marin
County, $2&; 2 farmers, near city, *15; choremau,
$10. C. R. HAi\!»EN A Co., 1 10 Geary s:.
HEAD WAITER FOR SPRINGS. $30; PAN-
JUL tryman for spriugs, $20. C. R. HANSKN A !
CO., 1 lv Geary Kt.
STEWARD FOR A SMALL MOUNTAIN RE-
sort. $35. C. R. lIANSKN A CO.. 110 Geary.
PASTRY COOK FOR FIRS (-CLASS COUNTRY
X hotel. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
CAOoK, $10 A WEEK; MIDDLE-AGED MAN
\J as cook , $30 and room: fry coo*, $13 a wee*:
restaurant butcher, $SJ : waiter, $26 and room;
waiter. $11 a wee*; night cook, »25: nlghtdish-
wash?r. $7 a week: pantryman, $25 aud room.
MARTIN A CO.. 743 Market st.
1711 hand-boy, $2 A week, board, ETC.;
XJ bellboy, 16 a month, room, etc: errand-boy,
$4 to $5 a week. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market si.
"\rouNQ MAN TO drive DELIVERY-
X wagon, etc.-, $30; call early. MARTIN A CO..
749 Market st.
in MKN FOR VINEYARD WORK; CALL
Ivf early. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
SECOND BAKER: $80; CALL EARLY.
MARTIN A CO., 749 Markets:.
WOODCHOPPERS: STEADY WORK. MAR-
TIN A Co.. 749 Market St.
GENTS FOR A FUKLISHING COMPANY,
JO. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
PORTER AND BOOTBLACK. MARTIN A
CO.. 749 Mai st.
WANTED— MILKER AND HKRD COWS,
" $12 and lounu: farmer and milker, $25;
Iroier, country. $26 aud found; b. .ck-.ni th'a
helper, $1 day aud found: sainzle-bol. makers,:
wooJchoppers and Others. Apply to J. F. I
CROSE'I r A CO., 628 Sacra nemo st.
\\T ANTED - FIRST-CLASS AMERICAN
tt restaurant cook <66, secoud cook 445. dish-
washer $25. same place; restaurant cook, $8
"week, and others. Apply to J. F. CROaEIT A
CO., 628 Sacramento st-
AN T E D— N I G HT COOK, $30 ; WaITER
*» plain hotel, $25; lunch waiter; batter, sma 1
family, $26; vegetable gardener, $1 day : youn -
gardener. $26; office-boy, etc ANDaL's, 308
Stockton st. -OSSES
2 Machine DRILL MINERS, $3 A day:
•» farmer and wife, with iatnily; second cook, *8 I
a wees: butler. $25: farmhands, *16. R. T.
WARD A ' O , 608 and 610 Clay a..
TAPANESE BuY TO WAIT AT TABLE AND
O make himself useful: must speak good English.
Apply A. M , box 132, Call Office.
>.) first-class waiters: also good
— night man. BRIAN A KENNY', Spreckels
Market .:, .r
YY* ANTED— KXPEK I KNCED HAT SALES-
»» man: reference required. RAI'HaII. 1 -.
GOOD BUSHKLMAN WANTED AT RA-
PHAEL's, 9 Kearuy st.
ANTED — GOOD BUSHELMAN. 131J*
»T Eddy St.; call early.
y OUNG MAN FOR OFFICE WHO CAN LOAN
X $300 on good security. W. A. X-, box 123, Call
BOY wanted— AND 3 union-square.
Market
3 FIRsT-CLASS SHOtS SALESMEN WANTED
O for city store. Address J. C, box 29. Call.
EXTRA AT THE BENEFIT TO-DaV: FINEST
Xj lunch In city. 639 California st.
I,OY WANTED FOR PRINTING OFFICE. 38
1 ' Eighth st. "
OOD MAN WANTED; FIVE ADVERTISING
\J business: big money. 639 California at.
"1 A R BKR WANTED FOR SATURDAY AT 307
1) Grant aye.
lIT A TED — GOOD BAKBKR SATURDAY
" evening and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY: PERCENTAGE
and guarantee. 703 Howard at.
DARBER FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
1) ARBER WANTED SATURDAY AND BUN-
XJ day; steady. 629 Union st.
WANTED — BARBER SATURDAY AND
TT Sunday. 21 Kait st.
GO >D bari;kk for Saturday; fa 203
Montgomery aye.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS BARBERS. 207
TT I ourth St.
VY r ANTED— GOOD BARBER; YOUNG MAN
»» preferred. Thirtieth si. and :-an Jose aye.
WANTED- TWO BARKERS. APPLY AT 22
Montgomery aye.
THIRST-CLASS BARBER. 265 THIRD ST.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
liV.il Barbers' Assn. S. FUC Hs, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' KM PLOY MEAT
0 M<-retarr .H. BKRNaRD. 102 !-»«venth at.
T"<IR>T-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
1 International Union Free Employment Bureau.
34 Fourth St.. the Modern. 1. Lr.s% Secretary.
BARBKR-SHOP; good location:
— 2 sunny livlug-rocms: yard: oldstano; rent or
sale: owner going to country; bargain. Apply
Call Oflice. . ..
GOOD 15-CKNTHHOP.FOR SALE, CHEAP; 4
chalrß. 11 Kills St.
WASTED-STEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
TT portion; must have *5 expense money. Ap-
ply at 9 Geary st., room 2.
\\r ANTED— SOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
TT a-sixt In light indoor bus'neas: must be sals-
fid with $ltl per neck and have $150 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market st.. room 7.
ANTED — ASSISTANT FOREMAN ON
•» sheep and crai i farm; one experienced who
ran keep account* and be useful: references re-
quired. Apply only between 1 aud 2 p. m. to Mo
LEN.NAN, 652 Fifth st.
HANDY BOY' 16 YEARS OLD TO LEARN
bicycle repairing; good home for boy without
parent*. Addresi P. O. box 848. San Kafael, CaL
ANTE D— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»» trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138»/2 Eighth.
VY r ANTED— M«-N LuVKRS OF DOGS TO SEE
" the great swimming race bet. the iollowini;
do;»: J Boycea A • a's hut ish bull Paddy, F. P.
PernngM setter Glp, C. Wllie's spaniel .Mg, .1.
Wile's bro vn spanle Dash, also his ntiebrated pup
Grover Cleveland. Checks for sale a-. CA IT.
TiiOJl>'BON'S, NW. tor. Bay and Taylor sts.,
Nortn Beach, Sunday, April 11; dogs training
every, day.
WAN i ED-PARTNER WITH SMALL CA Pl-
tal in show and lecture buslne**): can mnke
$3UO to $SUO a mouth. Address A. 1!.. box 113,
Call c flice. .
| O <X fOR RESTAURANT WANTED. 2U2
}J Ninth st. - - ■ .
BENCH HAND AND MACHINE HAND.
Marlcet-ntreet Planing Mills, 20U6 Market it.
LOHO HOU"K. BB3V* MARKET ST.— JiwwJiJ
i-^ 20c, *Sc to 600 Bigot j $1 to * J weea.
FFf.P WAJfTED-Contlnn^.
"yOUKG PORTUGUESE HOY: 1 YEAR'S EX-
X perlence barber-shop. 2197 Powell st.
ANTED — OPERATOR ON PANTS AT
" 409 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
BICYCLhS AND GUN REPAIRING SHOP
for sale for $150; in county sea: town; best
chance for a man who wants to make a first-class,
independent living. Address P. O. box 126, Mar-
I t n ■/.. (at
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
»» of some simple thing to patent? J rotect your
Ideas; tbev may bring you wealth. Wilt* JOHN
WEDDERRURN A CO., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, I). C. for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
rpilK ROSEDALE. 321 KLLI*— CHEAPEST
X and best lodging-bouse north of Market at.
c }£x')l< MISSION ST.— BRANCH UFFICK OF
— *.)—\> 'IUK Call; bubscripuoiu *.ua waut ads
taken. ; -
EMMON WANTS 100 M:.N 'lv bff 801-
. lie beer or wine 6c : best tree lunch. 643C1a/
"IjKCRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. a MA-
XV rlne Corps. D. & Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United Slates, or those
who bay« legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of ' good character and habits
and able to speak, read an 1 write English and b«
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 0 feet In height. For
further information apply a: the llecruluug Office*
20 Kills at.. San Francisco. Cat.
"I £7 NINTH ST. — BRANCH • OFFICE OF
'«• 1H« call; iutacrlptlou and want ads.
taken. : ~
TYLIBH AND DURABLE Cv LF SHOES
made to order. $2 60: cheapest place In city for
repairing and aecoud-hand shoes. 959 Howard si.
\L ANTED. TOCOLLECT WAGE" DUE LABOR-
»» era^clerks KNOX Collection Acer, 110 Sutter.
X EVOLUTIONS ENOHOSSED, DIPLOMAS
JV filled out A all kinds of i.enwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH. Heald's Business College, 24 Post at.
fVOR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
X tral Repairing Sloe Shop, 1634 Market St.. bet.
Larkln and City Hall aye., or 7«'J Mission st.;
large slock new and second-hand shoes on sule;
shoes made .0 order, any style, $3 up.
INGLE ROOMS 100 AND l&o NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week, Lindell House, sixth and Uowad.
\A' A-M'r.D— LABORERS AMD MECHANICS
TT 10 know that Ed Rolkln, l;eno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hou-^, 217 Third st.; j-jJ
large rooms; 25c per night; 81 10 $3 per week.
WANT ADa AND ■ SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR !
'1 UK Call are taken at ' Branch ottiot* south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
1 (\(\ MKN TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC, 140
i \J\J and 20c a nlgou Including cuiXtw aua toiU.
I (.24 Washington st. . near Ki-arti-.-.
K?>T IN CITY— SINGLK ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 w5, $1 60 per wee*.
Facitic House, commercial and l.eidesc«oril sis.
1 \H NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OK
I'M iH*i Call; subscriptiou and wtui ad*
taken.
f|U4Y ac'Mk house, s-o/ market st.. BK-
X low t-lxtu. lor a room: Vsc a night: $1 a weak.
WANTED, YOUR SHOES -WE REPAIR
TT shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
log through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nlgbt while you wait; ladles' soling, 3Gc; men's
soling. 50c: fine shoes mud.- to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged ty water at
less than one-four. h their value, from 75c up to
$2 50. 662 Mission st. bet. First uud tsecood.
1 700 MOKK FAIR MEN'S SHOKS. BEEN
X I \J\r damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 56 I .' Missiou st,
bet. First and Second.
. —
YY' ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 13c A DAY; $1
'» week:: rooms for 2, 2&o a day. $1 60 • woo*;
reading-room: dally papers. hO Clay st.
OOM3. 15c TO 75c PErVnu.UT; 500 TO $1 60
XV Dtr week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
\U INCHESTKR 11OUSK, 44 THIKD ST.. NX.
»» Marke;: 200 rooms, 28c a night: reading-
room: sre« h-n an.l oa-'r:i?e to and irom the terry.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENTS— BKYAN'S BOOK, "THK FIRST
xx i attle." Apply or address for territory F.
PERSON, manager subscription department. THE
WHITAKhR A RAY COMPANY. 723 Market St.
HOUSES WANTED.
ANTED— HOUSE OR FI.AT OF 6 ROOMS
»T and bath, not over $27 50; north r.f tills,
east of (ioueh. south of Jackson. Address is., box
114. Call Office.
WANTED-MISOELLANEOUS.
BUILDINGS BOL'UUT; LUMBER. HASHED
i-> doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1163 Mission s:.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTIU.NO ASU JKW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
XI. Mathematics: pupils prepared in day and
evening classe i and by private lessons for Calior-
nla and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
encint-ets' and civil service 'examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mecbantcal drawing;
high school pupils coached. It., 402 Parrot: bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
XV Elocution. 1215 Octavla st., --an Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil Of frofesiur
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days.- Friday p. it. Saturday a. m.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, .24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, ehorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
tlectrical engineering; 'M teachers; 15,000 grtUu-
ates: day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AY RES', THK LEADING COLLKQB. 32
Siontgoroerr St.: individual instruction it
ficrthand, typing, bookkeeping, lelegraphr. etc.:
lite scholarship $50: low ratei tier «eek and mi
SHORTHAND. TYPEWRITING SCHOOL:
English, German; private or cms*; low rate*.
Room 32, Donohue building, over the Maze.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils ri-bearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7lh and Mkt.
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera,' Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire mid vocal music. 81+ Geary st
NGINJ..ERINU SCHOOL; MKCH., ELEC
civil, niinin;. forvey, assay, nrchlf.. X ray
UnMht; es.lSB-1. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 MkC
NGLISH, LATIN. MATHEMATICS. MISS
ROULSTO.N, teacher, 724 O'Farrell si.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS; NEW,
quick method: $2 60 per month. ■- 323 Hyde.;
T> A JO TA OGHT TO BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
JJ per lesson. Addiess A., box 76, Call Ofllce.
MANDOLIN", GIT.TAR- AMATEUK PLAY-
ers to join cud. Pi OF. MERKI, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERM AN. 75c: PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
•lervaiory and German High School. 110 Hydest
AMY J. DEAis, 405 McALLI^TEK— VOICE
culture. piano :|iri. lea. $2 hr.,vucal classessl mil.
BOOKKPNG. WKITNG. ARITHMIC. tiKAMfi,
day & night: nocla<se«: $5 month. 845 Mission.
1NOINU; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, Unman languages: $2 ma 109 Taylor.
(1 UITAK. MANDOLIN. PiANO AND VuU^i.
VT lessons. S3 mo. Mary Westhaus, .9 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THK
0 Call taken at branch utlio* i,SV H»ye« sb;
open until V :30 o'cloCK.
riHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for SI CO, post-
age free.
■LOST.
LO3T— MARCH 8. AT OR NEAR THE PARK,
aii vit watch and chain; Initials R. ii. Re-
turn 1807 Octavla st. and receive rewara.
LUST— MARQUIS- RING, WITH 15 DlA-
monds; reward $10. 123 Montgomery st.
] OST— BLACK COCKER SPANIEL-*TaQ 3 6;
J J reward $5. OT I 0 HIE VERS. 1839 i-.ddy st.
jjLACK COCKER SPA MEL BITCH; .Bull-
I) tall: wh te spot on breast. Kelnru to 1590
Fulton St.; reward.
RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL, 167 NINTH
l-> st.: ' want ad» and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
FOI-ND— FOX-TERRII-.R DOG. MARCH 28,
r without license. Inquire 30 Valley si , after
6 p. M.
ON SUNDAY N OUT LAST, PAIR OF K.YK-
Classes. Owner can have same at 629 ivy aye.
\\r AGON; OWNER: CAN HAVE BAM K. BY
'» pitying expenses. Twenty-sixth and No- s;s.
TO Ll^AblS. .
TO LET OR LEASE— ACADEMY HALL; 40x
li.0; cor. Mission and Man- »ts . bet. Flf:h and
Sixth. Apply to L. A LT.si HITU 820 Clay su
PROFESSIONAL^ CARDS.
JOHN K. RICHARD^ LA OFFICES. UOOM-I
Ut> and MI, Crockoc tuilQim; Mitpuou* Maul
'.6. ban i-'raiicisca CaL .
. PHBJEN PLUG Y.
PKOF. BEHRENS READS CHARACTER BY
JL the head of men and women as an open book -
adap:abliity in business and marriage. 131 Mont-
, gomery eu ;
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Qjl-l (\f\ RESTAURANT ON TWO BEST
«Jp± IUU.~ streets in most prominent town
acrostlhe bay: receipts 81000 per month: four
private dining-rooms: cueaprent: leaseln present
owner's h«nds 7 year*: practically no opposition:
worth $-OUO. M. LESS 5 Fourth a-
CL'OAA COI'.NEK GiiOC. aSIj BA» iS
<*iO\J\J. most desirable portion of the Western
Addition: lar^e stock; nicely lilted up; sacrifice.
M LESS. & Fourth St.
KQAfI GROCKKY AND BAH WITH 6 LIV-
JiTOUU. ing-rooms: neighborhood of shops,
factories, etc. : rent only $25; established 15 years.
M. LESS, 6 Fourth st.
•2:1 I\(U\ FINE CORNER GROCERY AND
«JPJLV/UU. bar on on of principal streets, a few
blocks north of Market: < legaut fixtures: large
stock: more than value in sight; a gift. M. LESS,
5 Fourth st.
Cj vPi(| FRUIT AND POULTRY BUSINESS
tjn — «JV'. in biii. portion of the Mission; good
horse and wagon: 3 11 vlns-roomi: cheap rent; big
yar! and stable: good for married* couple. M.
LESS, 6 Fourth st.
ST^fk OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE ON
O • O\J. one of the mo-it prominent streets a
block and a half from Market; mod ra c rent; old-
established, well-pay Ins; place; crowded all day
long. M. LESs, 5 Fourth st.
SO.;r DYEING AND CLEANING BUSI-
— -_«J. ness in the heart of the cl y; cheap
rent: 4 mc • living rooms, e.egantly furnished. M.
LES3. 5 Fourth sU
fl>/»/»n • * ORNER GROCERY AND BAR; It*
tIrOUU. liveliest location south of Market St.;
cheap rent; living-rooms; large stock; big bar
busiLess; established corner; for a bargain see
this. M. LES£, 3 Fourth st.
(JiorA COR. GROCERY AND BAR IN
«JpO«JU. Western Addition; livliiK-rooms: rent
cheap: . old-established place: steady cash trade.
M. Lass, 5 Fourth st.
STATIONERY', SCHOOL SUPPLIES, LAUN-
O dry office and cigar-store In choicest portion of
Western Addition; well-stocked: 4 nice living-
looms; rent only $20; paying business. M. LESS,
5 Fourth st
LD-ESTABLISHED SALOON; CHOICEST
yJ location on water front: doing a large tlr.-ii-class
paying business: net rent only $20 investigate;
a genuine good business offer; would trade for
ranch. Wl LKJfi, 783 Market st.
<fl;c>nn elegantly fitted UP saloon,
#01/u. opp. City Hall, with clubroom; side
entrance: large day and night trade; big sacrifice;
owner going East. WILKE, 783 Market st.
<JJ/'Cfk SALOON ON IHIRD ST., CLOSE
<JpUtJ\J. to new Call building: dolne good pay-
ing business; must sell at once; disagreement of
partners. WILKE, 783 Market st.
QMOn BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION!*;
«iP^t»-'v'. good stock; living-rooms; low rent; see
this and make offer. STENBfc.BG, 632 Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer .-
stocks. STENBKKG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
MANUFACTURING AND REPAIRING Es-
li L tablishment: fully equipped: run past 25
years; always made money; suited for man and
wife: 9 hands employed: good outside trade; In-
vestigate this. STKNBERG «t CO., 632 Market.
<£• TOO BUTCHERSHOP: GOOD CORNER
<p-11/lf. Western Add.; rent $16 50;oniy $1650,
including stao.e: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep. 2 calves
weekly; horse, wagon. bTENBERG, 632 Market.
BUTCUEK-SHOP; GOOD LOCATION; REN
1> taken in trade. STENBERG, 632 Market St.
PARTNER WANTED IN THE BEST OYSTKR
X and chop house In Oakland; will guarantee the
place clears $260 a month; bis all-nitihi trade; I
owner prefers partner to hired help; every investi-
gation invited. S'IE>BKR« <fc CO., C 32 Market.
DO YOU WANT TO SE-LL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly for cash? 50 saloons, groceries and
bars cheap. HEALY, 917 Market st,
<BjOOX LADIES', ATTENTION — BRANCH
«JpO«. •). bakery, confectionery, cigars, etc.; re-
ceipts $8 a day; Mason St.; 6 rooms. HKALY, 917
Market st.
0«i r.l\ partner wanted for CASH
♦irXO*'. business; exclusive trade of the entire !
coast; sui'ed to plain steady man satisfied with
918 to $20 a week to start. Apply Business
Broker, 45 Third st.
ONE OR MORE PARTIES TO JOIN IN A
quirk turn; Investors secured by first mort-
gage: city bmk references; quick turn. S., box 74,
Call Office. Oakland.
"L"XPERIKNCED MAN WANTS A PARTNER
XJ in a pickle and sauerkraut business; ate age
and money cau furnish: experience not necessary.
Address S. R. box 90. Call Office.
T HAVE $500, AND KNOW OF GILT-EDGE
X business proposition requiting ICIOOO to handle;
want gentleman or ady with like amount immed.-
ately. Casb, box 96, Call Office.
C?l fif)(\ GROCERY, bar; CHOICE loca-
<PXV/W.'. tion: or will trade for paper route.
Address W., box 97, Call office.
CANDY, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
notion store for sale; Fourth St., near broad-
gauge depot. Address A. PILTZ. tan Rafael, Cal.
BUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE: ' • ESTAB-
lish»d busln-ss. Apply 10 PETER McARDLE,
cor. Market and Fourth sts.
I?OR SALE-COFFKE SALOON •ND RES-
. taur&nt; well paving. Apply 1-J2 Fifth st.
ffljO' CORNER CIGAR-STAND. SE. COR.
%T— '«-'• Twenty-fourth and Folsoni sts.
ffl»£fm PRINT ING- OF HCE; COST $10 0;
tj£)O\J\J. nearly new. Address P., box 41, Call.
ESTAURANT: $75. CALL AT 1405 CALI-
-fornla st.. nr. Hyde.
17 INK EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
X must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st.
TTOR SALE— A FINE LOT IN COLMA AT
X half-price; 1:5x120. A. 8., box 60, this office.
pIGAR-STAND WORTH «200 GOES TO-DAY
\J for $65. 539 California st.
ARTNER IN GOOD-PAYING BUSINESS;
X tend store; small capital. 223 Fourth st.
SALOON— OLD ESTABLISHED, GOOD LO^
cation, i* rooms, kitchen, Including furniture;
rooms bring rent; cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific.
VOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP— RESTAU-
J rant, cemi le.e throughout, now running. Ap-
ply at Bailey Block, Berkeley.
L^OR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
X no opposition. Call at Call office.
yt»UXU Widow WANTS A gentleman
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post St.
WANTED- TO RENT A FURNISHED DIN-
»» ins-rtom. L. M., box 59, Call offite.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE,
cheap. Apply 331 Sixth sU
QUOXA SALOON: OLD-ESTABLISHED
<D»lclV». place: besßlocaiion in th» city; owner
Is there 3 years; also 4a-ooms, Including furniture,
kitchen, 2 store nomsia Sue yard; mun be so d
this week; owner has tfther business in the coun-
try. Inquire 2b5 1 hlrd st. J. LEMLE, or Broad-
way Brewery. 19th s:/and Treat uve.
TO ALE AND PORTER BREWERS— INTER-
est in a small brewery for sale; less than one-
third cost: everything In shape and clear of debt.
Ap. EHRMANN A CO.. 309-311 Hacramento.
pOOD-PAYINU fAiOON CHEAP: OWNER
VX leaving city. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 630 Market.
MUST BE SOLD: HOME BAKERY; OOOD
trade and location; 3 living-rooms; parties
going East. 1008 Hyde st. P»«ws
©7P.fl FKUIT. POULTRY. GROCERY
tip I UU. store; good horse and wagon. 3392
Mission st. ,
CJ/-C VERY FINE FIXTURES OF
<lP'-fc». butcher-shop. Apply V. tocKAE, 827
Mission st.
\\T ANTED— KELIABLK PERSON AH PART-
»» her in good-raying business: experience not
necessary. Art.ire.is K. P.. box 134, Ca:l Office.
V<RLIT STORK AND GKOCKRY FOR SALE-
1] owner leaving city. 602 California st. '
nENTi.EMAN PARTNER WANTKD BY
\J young lad?; snail capital. Room U luih
MarKet or 11 h.ddy. '
PARTNER WANTED WITH $1000 IV A
:W. tTioi, ?a d i Jm'cr 8 '"' 8 work * *<*»* p.
ASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIRES A GEN-
tleman partner; small capital. 850 Market, r 5.
G o^,!^^^ SALE OR --*«^
JiRUGsTORE;. HAJViSOMKST STURP l^
for selling. Addiess Drugs, box 139, Cal. Office.
yOH SALK-COKNtR OkOCKRY AND BAR-
lejo sr, 0 ™ an(l Blh - Al>P ' y cor Larki ° "nd Vail
H A ah p;; INTKRKST IN HORSErtKOKINC-
sbop; cheap, account Ucfcneaa. 329 Eddy st.
Z-O^U want ads taken lor Thk Cali.
C'o'ffilce 1 ' 001^ 1W " 4Ai * Al-i-iA" iHld
S^!i£ G i fc n M £ OM * •»»»«.
1020^i m ?ke?st. ' * : DeW aDU dry - DlMaC **
R i, IJ ,.V t; i: 1 HA ' TKsi - KI IITUKE. PIANOS*.
-Lt honsfhoid 6OOUa.eiC. J.M. lIKRCK. 735 MkU
HOTELS.
H^oklyn 2*-aia bush^stT
iJ boar< l *'■<» room flto | a per dar. *8 to 81i
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to *1: salt*
J2?E2. f V ainlly ? X lotl s «P«'°lcht; torit-ciaaS
, ««r¥l6«; lit* «mcU CilAitLiia UOWI'OUMiISIf
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
TVTEWLY FURNISHKD 21-ROoM HOUSE-
IN fine location: all in one floor. 632 Mission st
Gkßf\(\ LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 \V> LL- ,
«JpDUV/. furnished rooms; cheap rent: excel- I
lent loc tlon: ir you want a bargain -cc this house. 4
M. LESS, 6 Fourth st. • I
1 /* ROOMS AND BATH; FIFTH 5T..... 555«
X D l 2 rooms, neatly furnished : easy terms. 450
48 rooms: corner, on sutter at... 2800
300 more bouses on our list.
WILKE, 7f3 Market.
O A ROOM- ON MARKET ST $ 850
~'i 14 rooms, only ■ 250
VO rooms: tornpr: new 1,200
14 rooms un Gutter 3jO
7-iCom use, 0my..... ■ .50
H. C. DECKiSK, 1020 Market b:., opp. Fifth.
RANSIENT LODGING-HOUSE; 8 ROOMS
and bath: Cull bet. X anil 5 P. m. 139 Taylor *t.
| -
FURNITURE FOR PALE.
I>KTIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XV must close out stock In 30 days; brussels car-
pet, 42J/£c yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat Ing. 7a
yard; b«*i room mis, 3 pieces, i l J 60: 4-ro.iiu fur-
niture outfit, $65. hIIIREK «E SHIKEK, 74?
Market st, opp. ( Gram uve. ... *
FIRE SALi- NOW GOING ON; KKTII B
stock of Carpets and Furniture damaucd by-
fire, smoke and water: mus. be sold for account of
underwriter*. SHIRKK & SHIKEK..V47 Market.
LURMTURE, STOVES I AKP. TS, COUX-
X ters, showcases. a.nDEP.soN, 1121 Market.
S.WE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission .st.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1893. you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goous, pianos, 11 cranes
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE.,
etc STREET*; WELL. Auctioneers. 927
Market st. rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF YOU WANT UOOD PRICKS FOR FURN'C-
tnre and m«rchanaUe see BURD. 211 Larkln.
MUSI CAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
We sell them for $•*, $4, $5, 86, $7. $8, $9. $10
per month; also for cash: the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY' A CO., cor. Kearny and butter sts., Stein-
ay dealers.
* BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
JA. bouse west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 o'Farrell si.; plnnos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices iowe«.-.
every thins possible done to please aud satisfy tha
customer.
CTU.-JLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anoj; monthly payments from <6 up: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market M., opp. Mason; emao
llshed over 20 yean.
NEW YORK PIANO $30, LADD ,£ CO. $75,
Phillips $80, btelnway $125, Weber 5-'BH,
Hardman $3«0. THE J. DEWING CO.MPa'NY,
Second Floor, Flood Building, Fourth and Market.
BONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bush <fc Gerts and others; sec-
ond-band pianos from $100 up. W. C. II AMI
I 'lON. successor MA. L. Bancroft <S Co., 824 j*ost.
%40 FOR JIY PIANO— MUST GO AT ONCE;
tilP^tV/ splendid tone: in perfect order: no deal-
ers. MRS. PARXINGTON, 1625 Church St., S. F.
HAW, fcTEINWA\, #250; CHICKERING.
$185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
I right, »95. HEINE, 136 Ellis St. .
Ssl 9^ $150— BEST BARGAINS IN THE
<iJpl.^-O. c ty; good second-hand uprights. The
ZENO MAUVAI ■ Music Co., 769 Market st.
I — —
(CiOPirt UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
«3).£UU. Bros.'): cost $500. Apply 835 Pine st.
<Bjl HO ELEGANT GROVESTEEN FULLKR
«jpX W. piano $5 installment-!. 221 Leaven worm
BARGAIN, $76; ERARD. FISCHER AND
otner uprights. HORN UNO'S, 216 Post st.
ffiji rjr XKW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;
«IPX I O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
AKGAIN. FINE LARGE UPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
AT SHKRMaN, CLAY <fe CO.'s ONLY MLi,
you find a stock of new Stelnway pianos.
WO. BAIiUKU. bOLE Av-ENT FOR H ALLET
• <fc Davis ami Francis Bacon pianos. 415 >actOL
BYRON MALZY. SOB PoaT Dl.-sOiiMail,
N ewbv A Etui, Brings and other pianos. '
OUPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
OH. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE^IIISCKLLANEOUS.
A SOLITAIRE PAIR DIAMOND BARRINGS
XL weighing 6% karats, price $360; bought in
New York at a coat of $1000. .UNCLE MaulU.->,
15 Grant a ye.
T AUNCH: 25 FEET OVERALL: DOUBLE 6-
XJ h.p. Earl engine; speed 7 mod: cabin; fine x
sea beat: cheap. Address Laun.ch. box 19, Call.
PART OF WELL-LOCATED PLAT, MOUN-
X tain View Cemetery; $175. X V Z, Oakland
P.O.
T ARGE FRESH DURHAM COW; RICH
XJ milk; 6 gallons day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
OW (JUST CALVED); GENTLE; EASY
milker; cheap. 923 Fell St.
LIGHT DYNAMO, $40. APPL.YTHE K.
O\J A. SMITH CO., 5k7 Mission st.
FOR SALE— COFFEE-MILL, SHOWCASE 1
counter: cheap. 718 Turk at.
Cn-HORSEPOWER ENGINE AND BOILER.
*J\f complete for first-class steam plant. Address
box 113, Call Office. -... .-.. «««»»
FOR SALE— 6- CELL, 4-5 HORSEPOWER (2
X voits. 50 amperes per cell) : storage batter y
cheap. 5 Taylor st. " *
SAFES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 609
Market st. '
ffIJJA IMPROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER
«1P ' V/. sewing machine; all attachments. 2437
Mission St., near Twenty-first.
ICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES. $45; 810
bargains in second-hands.. Waverley Retail
216 McAllister st. Wholesa c, 61 First at. "'
2 HOUSES FOR SALE; TO BE MOVED. 231
Ash aye., between Van Ness and Franklin.
pREAM SEPARATOR (NO. -' BABY)- iN UajE
Vouly 4 months: $80; cost $150; new. Apply
169 second st., S. r\ * y J
CODA FOUNTAIN, $90: COST *2(M'. APPLY
O 159 Second «v. S. F.
(JgC FEMALE, THOROUGHBRED FOX-TER-
VT*J. rier pup; finely marked; 4 months old:
pedigree Oven. Address Dog, box 41, Call Office!
LOT OF OLD FINE VIOUSS FOR SALS
-*-i cheap. Inquire 410 Kearny st., room 10.
DC HANDSOME, ROLL-foP CHERRY
<g)Oc>. office de»k; cost $83. 1824 Pacific st.
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH-
VJ in perfect order. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission."
TVTEW CASH-REGISTERS FOR HALK OR TO
X^l renL MagUIRK, 130 Sansoro" st., room 9.
]JOILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANI»MACUINERY
-L» water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpnian. 137 Beat*,
"L^INE BLACK -SUIT; $12 60. Mlsi'lTtU)lH-
X ing parlors, 513 Montgomery si.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRES*
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
OARS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
Xi ing, etc., bought and Bold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
LAhGE double comparimL^T COIN
bank safe; chea.). b Mission at. ,
i^AKS, BACK BARS. -MIRRORS, SHOW-
*■» case% counters, linoleum, office furniture
store und office furniture and fixtures, ne-w and
secondhand. J. NIiONAK, 1017-lUllMUsJl.luai
Mission su, above Sixth.
MEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
XY.W.-.8. KAY MFU. CO, 12 California »I
0- NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SlZifi
nrw and burglar proof safe. 109-111 .Market su
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPET-«:LEANINO, Sc: LAYIN*;, 8c: RUQ
\J samples tree; teL uessle 944. Mratton, 3 Bth
■pARI'KTa CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
V new. J. AIcQUEEN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. b.22gT
ftITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS-
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVt\i
Mur. aaand 40 Kighth st.; telephone South 250.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
1 » poor work scud toHPAULDING'S PloueerUar-
pet-beaUng Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; Vel. So ix
ADVANCE! pAitPET-CLEANIttu. Co. 403
A butter; tel. Main 394. GKO. W A M om", prop.
CARPETS CLEANED * RENOVATED LIKS
new. 23 Tenth; M . south b6. Mackintosh &c *
"I WAITS, reliable rnrpet-cleaulug rwnovtir alt«f«.
«l . .tlon worica. 413 McAllister. 1 el. jlwie j fit
tr . ***> 14th si. ; cleaning So a yard. TeL Ml*. li.
C°i£ K^ IN .' 8 ••"«AKPET- BEATING WOKKi"
V. »JJ u©ldea Cue avu. Xwepuoae East li*.HOUSES TO LET.
- 1.-i-.LL ST., BET. POLK AND VAN NESS
.F aye.: sunny sUe; 2-story bay-window; 7 rooms
nnd bath. Apply to 1. S. CAPP it CO., Real
* : «tate Ajrents, 415 Montgomery st. ' .
I I)RAXXAN- SUNNY SIDE; ABOVE SKC-
\X* ond: 2-atorr house: 6 rooms and bnth; rent
low toa^ool tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPP <fc CO..
Real Estate Agents. 415 Montgomery st.
O'F'KRELL. BKT. MASON AND TaY'LOR—
Rear house of 3 rooms. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& C .. Real Eslat • Agent', 416 Montgomery sU
1 EXINGTON AY . (FOKMKRLV RTKVEN-
• ' son s:.), bet. Mission and Valencia, Twentieth
and I'wint -first— N*at 2-sti^r- honse; 6 rooms
and bath: rent low to a pood tenant. Apply to C ;
8. CAPP Jt CO., Real Estate Agents, 416 Mont-
gomery st
C-QM HOUqK; 9KOO.MSASD BATH; ALL
<jr»J"*. modern improvemaats. 1404 Leaven-
worth s  near Washington
lOZY' HOME; SUNNY SIDE SUTTER, 832;
. r nice loca'lty; call soon :or key a; 830. ; ..-->-
-1 A: PKKRV, BKT. IKIID AND FOURTH—
Jut 6 large su.my rooms, bath: reasonable.
BARGAIN— MUST sKLL; NEW 11OISK: 5
J ■ rooms and lot 50x125: ■». V. water: onthotise;
nice garden App yat 250 Lobos st.. Ocean View.
\A TWF.NTY-SKVKNTH — UuUSE >6' ROOMS I
1 and bath; stationary tubs in annex, next to :
kitchen; electric-cars at corner and Valetic:a-st.
line next bock; k cosy, comfortable home for
family and good teuants will be appreciated; $17,
water free: key at grocery. MADISON &BURKE,
Agents.
) i 9»j MA SON. NEAR LOMBARD— «- room
— 1 — . O bouse and bath: newly renovated: rent
$15.
SUNNY' 10-ROOM HOUSE; MODERN IM-
provemen s: low rent. 8522 Nineteenth st.
4 ROOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
•3 28J Na.oma st., near Fourth.
neno washikoton -- ROOM 8: BATH :
■ +-O\'U first-class condition and location: large
g.iid'-n.
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'a, 10
>;ontgo:nery st.
' 1 990 BUSH - SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS:
1— — " yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
Q l|l 1731 BKOADWAY', NKAR GOUGH-8
•- - '- looms: every convt-nlencw: marine view.
FURNISHED HOUSES
"I Aftß GROVE ST.— r-URNISHED HOUSE 10
■\ ' ivy rooms and bath: large garden, stable,
etc. : rent reasonable. Apply on premise* or G. ii.
M BSfc N. 18 Montgomery st.
1 I USISHED ILA IS. f
QO COTTAGE TO LET: 4 ROOMS; LARGE
t?O. yard. 42 Brady St., on Market-
ELL-FURNISH MODERN FLAT, 5 OR
'* 6 rooms; '-'514 1 Sutler si. Apply IS to 2.
C;C>?: UPPER FLAT: 1650n HAVES ST., 1
O'Jc). block from ark puiihnndle: 7 rooms;
'bath: lanudrr. • WM. Nlt'(»L. 5341^ California.
COTTAGES TO LET.
<j>ork COTTAGE; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
0— v. Urge yard. 2826 Folsom. nr. Twentieth.
SUNNY COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS: BATH, GAR-
den: very desirable home. 2827 Eighteenth
St., near Ciiurch. ■ v : •'
■ pOTTAGE, 6 BOOMS, BATH. LAUNDRY';
\J chickeii-yurd: five marine view; large lot; gar-
den. 1810 i;reen St., bet. Octavia :.nd Laguna.
Dir NICE COTTAGF; 5 ROOMS; BATH;
O-» «-*• sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
SUNNY' COT I AUK- OF 4 AND o ROOMS,
bath; basement and yard: cheap. Cor. Dolores
»ncl Fifteenth »ts. •;
TKT COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
ron; PIS. -14P Bryant sr.
FLATS TO LET;
OCTAVIA, BET. WALLER AND KAIGIIT.
opp Valencia — Kent (.-really reduced: the
rlicap's: flats in th» city : sun all day: will be put
In first-class oraer; 6 and 7 rooms and bath, ad-
p y -MADIsON <£ BUi.KE.
Ci 1 flat of 4 Large rooms. 214
C 1 "I- Eleventh .st , near Howard.
«<>)! POST, BKT. POWELL AND MASON—
tl—— •£ Sunny flat L f 3 rooms. $16. •
<C7l HAIGUT. NEAR FILLMORE-FLAT
'i' I -2 4 large sunny rooms; yard: basement;
SE. COR. HAVES AND LAGU NA-H A D-
k^ poTi-e uvrpev fiat; 7Toonjs' and bath; suitable
for doctor ur dentist; sun all day.
C-l X LOWER FLAT: 543 CASTRO, NEAR
iJpXO. 19th: 5 rooms: poicclaln Oath.
Q-J .". I.OWKK FLAT: 1411 GUERRERO,
•,. i-O. near 26th: 5 rooms; porcelain bath.
0:1 ') "aH fUNNY 3- ROOM FLA I': UPi-iiR.
._ I ~.O\J. 2621/2 Clara si., near Sixth.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW CORNER r LAT: 5
lar^u rooms; separate trance; cheap. 1101
Bryant st.
9 NEW UPPER SUNNY MODERN fLATS,
•- 935 GoUen Gate aye. and 615 Grove st.
T^LAT TO LET— S ROOMS BATH; LATEST
X improvements. 'J9Sb California st.
()/|A|- AND 1016 HOWARD ST.. BKT. SIX- '<
iHUU toenth and Seventeenth— Flats. 8 and 9
rooms and bah, new. rent $'2,i; flats, 6 and 6
rooms and bath, on Howard St., near Sixteenth,
rent 512 50.
1 7 NKW FLATS AND 9 NKW HOUSES I
X \ ready April 10; low rents. SPECK it CO.,
002 Market st-
m9 AND 1220 MISSION, BKT. EIGHTH
— and Ninth— 9 rooms and bath; rent 10.
Cj^T. SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS. CAKPKTED
C*-<-'« and cooking range. Keys B'JB Lombard.
ft I j AND $18; NKW FL\T>; NE. COR.
O-l" (»o. den Gate aye. ana Lyon st.; 5 and 6
rooms and until each: ail modern conveniences;
newly p..i:ittd and decorated; see them. J»H\IN-
WAL.D, BUCKBEE &. CO., 218-220 Montgomery
s reet. I
&I_l 14 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEIN ERST.. I
♦- i-"X» near O Farr.ll; nlct- house of 6 rooms '
end bath, worth $5; j:ood yard and neighborhood; I
•water, free; in><M conditlori. .-HAINWALD, I
Bl'CKßr.e &CO., 218-220 Mo itgomery at.
Q9|| 6 LARGE ROOMS; 2 STORY", WITH '
.%£i£-\j, large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- nfth
»t., rear (astro.
$16— 6 rooms; porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-six 1
■ fl6— 6 rooms;, porcelain bath; 64'_' a Castro aU.
near Nineteenth.
(1 ROOMS AND BATH: 61 HERMANN ST.,
• ' cor. Mevensun; $20 per month; ah sunny.
"I OnX BUSH— FINELY FURNIStIED SUN-
X fJ\JxJ ny upper flat 5 rooms; Latti; laundry;
rent reasonable.
■L^LATS TO LET FOR VKKV. LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN * HOWIiJ-L'S, 10 Montr
tomery s:.
1 HEAP MODERN FLATS. & AND 6
" 1 rooms. $8 to $16: •«*» them. 523 '^'-venih st.
;■-<'. HOI'SEKEEPIX(i BOOMS.
< • liryant Street. •
A Of) BRYANT— ROOMS, FUHNISII-
■ ri O\/ ed for housekeeping; also single rooms.
Buchanan Street.
£»fl9 BUCHANAN— SUNN.Y. B/Y-JVIXDOW
OUZ and small kltchen,«ll; with Urge. $15.
i.Uhli Mrae,.
(>] A BUSH— NICE NEWLY FURNISHED
U ' *4' sunny rooms: convenient for housekeep-
ing; reaaonatle.
Calilornia Street.
.I'lg CALIFORNIA— LARGK BUNNY UN-
• O 1 O furnished, parlpr floor, bain, storeroom,
hot and cold water; iurge nicely furnished room.
Cleveland Street.
"I 9 CLEVELAND. OFF 7TH, NR. FOLSOM—
1 «— Front sunny furnisti'd house^eplng suite, «9.
liddy Street. ;
Q| 7 EDDY— VERY - NICELY FURNISHED,
i) i i suunv. connecting houseKeeping rooms. -
i inn .- . leu..
1 (\rr FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
X\J t nisned rooms to let.
Jilliuoro Street.
CM A 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
IU. good yard. 2^12 lmore St., near Clay.
± uikom Street.
r~r\ 4 FOLSCI3I— 2 OK 3 -MCE SUJfNY FKoNT
(U"i hou:>ek«eDius rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished. : '-- . ' .- - -
i\H A FOi.SOM-NICK SUNNY FURNISHED
dli rooms; houselceep?; private family: cheap.
Jo ti nil street.
99- FOURTH-ROOM^ ' SUITABLE FOR
AZ.O light housekeeping
■ luitoii Street.
1 HO FULTON— FURNISH ED CONNECTING
l'»> room for housekeeping: «as, etc.
li/. rLLTON—3 LARtn: HOUSEKEEPING
110 rooms; complete; yard; sunuy aide; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued.
Golden Gat« Avenue.
1 agr\ golden gate a vk.— 2 OR 3 ROOMS,
\J£.\J sunny, front, complete forhouseiceeping.
Q(\'J <>OLDS!!f GATE AYE, — LARGI. AL-
OU<J coy« and parlor, kitchen and . other ioubin
uone< Street.
ri Q JONES— SUNNY FIOOR OF 3 ROOMS
! oiO iuruished for housekeeping; 10 a. s., to 5
I*. M .../_. ...
Sinson Street.
1 KC\R MASON-3 UNFURNISHED BUNNY
i J Uv/O rooms for housekeeping.
McAllister Strees,
McAllister — housekeeping ;
j^-iJ also single rooms. v _* : .^
>imna Street.
t\A(l MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
WX\J housekeeping; large yard.
i C4DMI.NXA-TWO -NICELY' FURNISHED
I t/*iO sunny housekeeplnc rooms.
mission Street.
(iCIA MISSION, NR. THIRD— HOUSKKEKP-
vJUI ing rooms for 2or 3. 0r flat; hath, telephone.
O] EMISSION — LARGE KUHNISHED
,OJ O front room .for light hous'keepini;. -**_ ~:1.
091 MISSION-SUNNY SUITE, COMPLETE
O— l for housekeeping, $10: single. $5.
>»i<iiin Sirce..
CCf" NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOI'SKKKEP.
iJOO ins rooms: rent J8 ami *9 per montu.
O, i£. NATOMA~3 V NY FURNISHED
UtiO rooms; complete for housekeeping; low
r.-nt.
NATOMA - HOUSKKEKPINU AND
other rooms to let; cor. Ninth and Nuioma.
Ninth Stree:.
ni NINTH— SUNNY HAY-W INDOW ROOMS
«il for light housekeeping: running water.
Norfolk Street.
I no NORFOLK ST., M'.AR FOLSOM AND
DO K!even:h— i rooms (s. pirate building), fur-
nlnned coinolpte for houbekeeping: sink, wash-
room at.d large yard; ff\).
~~ ~~ Oak Street.
AQ OAK — *10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
iO pariors; first, floor; sink aud place for stove.
o*A».rr«ii .mmij..
I 099 O'FARRELI., NEARVaN NESS— FUR-
»7— <O niahed basement, kitchen and sunny yard;
for housekeeping; cheap.
I'earl Street.
O PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— 3
*J 0r. 3 weilfurnUhed hous<'kecpinj; rooms.
1 otic street.
nr\r\ POLK — housekeeping: ALCOVE
Uv/J suites; kitchen; double parlors; bath; gas;
cheap
ro^vell Street.
Ql Q POWELL, NR. IuAY- ROOMS UN-
O XV furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
Seventh Street..
I AC) SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
1 jZ kltchens;ulbo single rooms;nrwly renovated
Stockton street.
1 7 STOCKTON (EUROPEAN IiOUSj- >-NICE
X I front suite and kitchen: reasonable rent.
t ' 1 1 STOCKTON, NR. PINE— SUITE OF 2
Ul J large front unfurnished rooms; furnished
front room.
-I 7(|O STOCKTON— 2 CONNKCTING ROOMS
J. I V-'O furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard: cheap. •.' ■ '. ;O. v f ;
Auylor -,i.t -..
9JA TAYLOR— SUNNY' FURNISHED BASE
— . '1 U mem for housnWeeptng: 3 rooms.
Tenth Street.
-1 9. j TEJITH— PARLOR FLOOR, HOUSE-
J — i keeping: piano; suitable 4 adults; reason-
able: """■ ■;•
*».ir<t rtcree;.
"I "I O THIRD — DOUBLE ROOM, *6: FDR-
XX nished front housekpg rooms, cheap rent.
Twenty-H/th Street. .
Al QQ TNVENTY-FIFTH, NEAR CASTRO— 3
; "JL OO nice sunny rooms, with bath, nuTlable for
man and wife; no children: carpets, curtains, hot :
and cold water, gas: appreciated it seen.
.d.l V,? TWE -TV-FIFTH. DOi RS EAST
"i 1 «J— of Castro— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms
suitable for ltcht bousekeep ax: no children; bath
I and laundry; ladies only, rent Sti a month.
Twenty-sixth Struct.
QOr?'T TWENTY-SIXTH, Nil. MISSION —■£
I OOU (large {iirn.sunny housekeeping roams; $b.
Washiugron Street.
r f|O WASHINGTON — SUN N V UNFUR-
»»U_ nlsbed housekeeping rooms: running water.
Ailaeel I nneoaa.
C 97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY — OPEN
I «J— 1 until 9:3' O'clock; branch office 01 The
( A ix: Mil scriptions and want *>'.•■• taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
i-ukU Sireet.
JT97 BUSH —PLEASANT ROOMS: SUITE.
I — I single; day, week or month; housekeeping
privileges.
California Street.
THQ CALIFORNIA — BUNNY, FURNISHED
I UO rooms: bay view; central locution; gas and
bath.
i ad •, street.
11 Q EDDY— ELEGANT FKONT SUITE;
110 other sunny, clean rooms, 95 up: no tran-
j sient.
|9 I 7 EDDY — NICE DOUBLE PAKLORS;
I All I rent very reasonable; or ttuitable for office.
1 1 Of) EDDY. OPP. Ji.*FER>ON >QT T Ai.K—
J- i-O\J Sunny furnished room suitable lor 2: ref.
Jh-ight)! Street.
Ql A EIGHTH. NEAR FOLSOM-3 LARGE
OIV rooms: rent $10. ■? V ? 'U'.'-'v '
CHEHMAN AiARTiIKNT UOUSK. : M BTM
0 St.. near Market: Jurniniiei nd unfurnished.
tiiin Mrnet.
T>OYAL HOrSK, '126 ELLTS— ITCCASDEb-
i-h cent lights: readlnc-room, smokin^-rooni and
ladles' parlor; rooms par night. 350 to 91 50:
week. >i! to 98: month, SH to 930; elevator on
office flour: rooms with hot anil cold wa:er: baths.
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, etc.
74 II ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET,
1 —J- use of bath, In private family; rent $5.
X mil Mm;.. '
THB COSMOPOLITAN — RKI.KCT FAMILY
J Hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. .Mission, rooms
bOc, 7bc and 91 per night: $2 to * > per week.
I ourth Street.
Q1 (i FOURTH — 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
! •> 1 O front rooms with nic of piano, 910 and 90;
| both 916; other sunny rooms, cheap.
Jruiion Street.
3 FULTON (FUITON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite; ifh <fc 916 up.
<j«ary Street.
9-1 7 GEARY, UNION SQUARE — BUNNY
— 11 rooms suitable for Dullness.
lioldeu <iate Aveuue.
1 A GOIiDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FUR-
-1 u AJrt nlshe I room for two; rent 95.
Howard Court. ',i.-.r-.°
"I IQQ HOWARD— MCE, CLEAN. SUNNY
X J <-■•-* front ropm; '.olding-bed: closet; 96.
Hyde Street.
1 fiO,l HYDE-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
iUi'l ny front rooms: $5 up.
lionei (Street.
C 1 d JONES— SUNNY ROOM FOR 1 OR 2
010 people; newly furnished; #2 50 week.
Keni-uy Street.
A RMNGTON HOUSE. 127 KF.ARNY —
A. Pleasant sonny roo^.s, en suite and single; first
, class In every respect: germs reasonable.
luikin Street.
I C.(\(\ LaRKIN, COX. TURK— FURNISHED
1 , OUU sunny corner room; reasonable,
jin.kvt street.
\7-CSF.MITE HOUSE. 1045 - MARKET— PER
1 night, 88c to 91 : week, 91 BO to 96; families.
■ . ' ■ ;. Martha Place.
6 MARTHA cLACK,e LACK, OFF GEARY, SO. NEAR
Mason— sunny front room; 98; cent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HicAll is • ■ Sileei.
-I (\Z.f\ MCALLISTER— FURNISHED, SUN-
I.\JO\J uy room: running water; lar^ec
!>* »li (1 a - ■«-«..
AQI MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
*i»"J J ulßhcd tiuaiiv front rooms, $6 to if 9 montb;
hot baths.
Jiiasion Street.
rf'l MISSION, NKAR SECOND-LARGE
i)UI front room; suitable for 2 young men;
cheap.
HANCOCK HOUBK, 781 MISSION; SKLECT
family roomlns-house: $150to9t} per wee'«.
1 A/;'J MISSION — FURNISHED FRONT
lv/UO suites; others; no object. to children.
Ninth Street.
1 OfU NINTH ST. — LARGE, NEATLY FUR-
luvg Dished front room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and graie; $6 to
?-'£ i i - 1 Uk Stream
1 no') NICE SUNNY ROOMS AT the
±OOs-r (i iMiwocd House; cheapest rooms In the
city. MRS. KATE GREEN, proprietor.
i ost srree:.
RANPOLPH HOUSE, POST AND MASON
-IV st&— so bay-window parlors; smaller rooms:
gas, running water, etc.: |.i 50 to $4 pet wee*.
< i oii.i r>irce:. ,
11^ SECOND — SUNNY FURNISHED
XI %J rooms, single and douDle; $1 week up.
tuta H • -net.
9 A SIXTH. NEAP. MaRKET-NICELY FUR-
O nished sunny front suite.
OO SIXTH— THE UILLSDALE-QUIET, SUN-
-00 ny single rooms: transients st>i-.lied.
19^ s i x r - e a p st IN the cirvj
XZ.U doublo and single fro it rooms.
MeveUHnn Street.
TOO STEVES SON .*N~k7 NINTH AND MAR-
I «/•) ket— 2 lari;H. sunny, nicely furnished par-
lor*; en suite or single; cheap.
Stockton Place.
T<he European! 17 STOCKTON— fuRt
1 nlshed rooms, sins'e, $1 50 to $3 per wtek;
suites, $4 to $9 per week ; by the night, 5Uc to $2;
hot »no cold water, bath and elevator.
Turk Street.
1 1 TUR 1C — LARGE BUNNY SUITES
I X\J handsomely furnished; single: boar.! C|>tiil
Taylor Street.
1 t\Q TAY'LOR-LARGt; oUNNY ROOMS, $7
X*'O and $0.
Third Street.
IMPERIAL, 17 THIRD — NICELY' FUR-
JL inshed rooms; tourists a specialty: transient.
\ >«ii .>r<a Aveuui). -
1 Ami VAN NESS AViC- ELEGANT FUR-
J 'iLrU nished or unfurnished sunny rooms.
' Miscellaneous. i
SW. COR. SIXTEEN "111 ST., NEAR MISSION:
O branch < ill to of Tat Calx, subscriptions and
want arts mk*-n.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
OjlQ JONES — LOVELY SUNNY PARLOR
O\>o suite and elegantly furnUhetl single r u.ms,
withbor.rd; larKO windows on all sides: furniture,
etc.. entirely new: water hot and cold; splendid,
luxurious hat 11: new house: flower garden ; three
blocks from Baldwin Hotel; perfect home for gen-
tlemen who ci .my comfort: mot convenient and
con.furtab:e rooms to b« had: $20.
SUNNY ROOMS: GAS' AND BATH; WITH
board : rt-asonubie. 126 Tenth st.
OQQ9 TWENTY-FIUST, COR. GUKRRERO—
tJOtJ— Bay-window suites or sinyle: furnished
or unfurnished. MRS. A. I-. Bit A.M.
C,()Q VAN NKJ-S AVK.— -\EWLY FUR-
OuO iilghi-d tunny rooms or suite, with board.
eni POST— ny ROOM FOR 2: FINE
»7— 1 board, 9iO; also single rooms: good home.
HOTEL FAiKMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
open under new •management; has been ar.
tistli Riy tinted, papere.l and elegantly fornlnhed
throuKhout: hot and cold water in every room :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
dow can have choice c carpets and nl ure; the
table, under ' the supervision of Kowaskie. the
well-known French chef, will be uninrpasied.
7|9mvi-l LARGE. SUNNY . FRONT
ll— room, with board: also sing c room.
14(|] \A A NESS, cur., BUSH-PARLOR I
1 IUJ FU:tes; single and double rooms; board.
HOTK!. Br.RTLI.SG. 714 I? Mi— A FAMILY
hotel: rp'i r«tice«- a:; inmlorn conveniences.
STORKS TO LET.
ATTRACTIVE STORE WITH FIXTURE'S. j
-£V tOJ Van Ness aye,. next to cor. Grove st.
fiOK.NKK STOKE; NEW HOUSE; »UII ABI.r; j
\J I ar. grocery, barber-shop, any business; near |
depot; $15. 3480 Iweuo-lifth St., cor. Valencia. i
STORE TO J.ET-SW. COR. PACIFIC AND I
Leavnwor h sts.; suitable for <lnii:iore or!
Kentral merchandise. Apply 15-5 Leavenwortb. !
KIAII.SToIiE WITH FiXtURES TO LtT;
1739 Mission. Inquire next door.
1 AKGE STORE, a BHIIW WINDuWh AND
1 i 4 \Vtmk ro':rim: rer>: my «22 SO 422 sixth.
OFFICES TO LKT.
"L INK SUNNY OFFICES, 850 MARKET ST.; !
-T well suited for professional men or club.
O«;C POWELL, CORNER ufcAKY-NKWLY
— - ') renovawd sunny parlor suite. lurnisUed or {
partly. ' ; • .
lIOKSKS.
STRONG BUSINESS BUGUY, HOB-E AND
harness, good as new, cheap, Nevab.e stables,
42 Clay a-
WANTED- BUSINESS HORSE AND BUOOY
*' for aalttalre diamond rlnc; and solid gold
watch. A. A., box 134, Call OtUce.
LADY'i HORSE AND TOP BUOQY FOR
sale cheap Devisadcro-st. stable.nr.McAlUster.
BUGGY HORSH- <iOOD KOADSTER; WILL
sell chran. 1112 Golden lia.e aye, -~ r _^
AUCTION bALES KVERY SATURDAY AT
jt V. 11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 2-0 Valencia St., S.
WAIKIN-', aoctiourtir.
Al\ HOKSKS FOR SALE; ALSO WAUOXS,
Tv bUKttes. carts, harness; Orand Arcade Horsa
Market, 'An Sixth Bit auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULUVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TKIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 600 NETS
J of good harness, our own matte., of every de-
scription, for less money than you ran buy Eastern
trash; si nd for caulogu.-. l! 0 McAllister at-, S. K.
Cfk HEAD OF HORSES SUITAIILK FOR ANY
OUbusineiis 900 to i&OU pound*. O.d Turk-st. car
■tables, IUOI Turk; team of large young ruulev
l^l\l\ aJiTl' NKW AND bECONI>UA.*.L» Ii.AH-
O\f\J u«ss: all kinds: bngiry.waTon, carti. surrsr
i rockantr. 40 cheap liors«s. 15tli ant Valencia
WAtIONS AND tAKKIAOKS.
IfOR {JALE- NEW COVERED DELIVEHY-
I wagoii; cheap. 5 Taylor s:. ,
ANTKD-SKCOND-HANK OPEN HACK,
tirst-class order, cheap for cast); alto hacK
harness. •. d .;iea* H. X.. box 102, ca'.l UHlce.
"V". \V AND MX'OND-HAND BAKER, LACN-
X> - dry and milk wagon: also line lop buggy and
rockaw.iy. b. M lli.rrlson st.
DENTISTS. ; ' ; .-i.
CROOJIE DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
.\J kc:, ceu 3d and 4th; gais specialists: paiiiiei<
extracilng, with gas, *1 ; plates, 97 up: till, «1 up.
I?IULL SET OF TEETH. 97; WARRANTED 5
J years; painless extraction; see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate mad*;
warranted 10 years: tilings. 60c; crowns, S3 >0
CHICAGO DENTAL PAKLOHS. 24 Sixth street
fl»7 FULL SET TEETH: Bfcnl' MAKE;
«JP I . kept In repair; extracting free; !ii;'ius.r>Oc;
crowns, 93 50. Ptcirlc Dental Parlors, IB Third.
"pOSITIVh.LY PA IN iJSSS ACT lON. DX.
X UAIIDINU, bOOSntter cor. Powell: t«-i.xnaiu&376
K. J. J. LEEK, 1128 MARKET bl'. . Oi'K^
evenings: Sundays till nuon;dentl«trr taught
CMJLTON li>;.\TAL AS«M>Ci^ 1 iO.\. »06 jiAil-
/ ket at DIC CHARLE-. W. DECKKit.
O. 7 A BKr FOR W A GRANTED A -J
♦pi good as ran be made; rilling 91. DR t-1.M11.i,
dentist, 'jM : arise; at., next Baiowin Theater.
PAINLESS l-.XTKACriON, f-Oc: ORUWS
X (jrldge.worlc a specialty: plate* 95 up: ISyearr
cxperienos. H. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. «15% Ueary.
T\K. LUDLLiI HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, Nit.
XJ Eleventh ;. no charge for' txtraciins whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth irom fU par set; extracting 600: ga« given.
SJCT Of 'lt.Ki 11 lu'luv'Ci «. *'•• — '■— uti.
_ H. li-Ycons. IH4I Polk j..
' T\K. liO ilUK W. LEEK. TilK OKNUIN3
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
•lid patentee of unproved bridge work or teo:»
without any plate, moved from uto \U FarreUis.
ALL WOKK i*EjTsONA.BLH AND WAi4-
ranted. UU. J. W. am Y. IH2O Market m. ,
7 V?>'; PERSONALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, APRIL 9, 1897— JOE LEV-
-0 RONI, 622 Green St., S. F. : You are hereby no.
tilled that mil -as you call on the niiderslicne.l, 828
Marrison at, wit hi 9 3 days from date of notice,
and pay the balance on wason you purchaser No-
vember 10, 1896, the wauon wi.l be sold to satisfy
the balance an.i expenses on the same. J. STAH-
LKCKK
TOSKPH GKEVE>'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
• ' nislies solos, duets, quartets or entire opera ac
for the professional s.a^e, ana for oratorio, concert
or church at well, on shortest notice. >:urphy
bu idlng, Market and Jones, rooms i.l and 122.
T ADIES IN WANT OF STKIcTLY PRIVATE
XJ horse in confinement, S2O week; everything
found. Further particulars apply or address .alßs.
McLANE, 34 Fe.i St.
IN APRIL, 1896. THE UNDERSIGNED RE-
'ired from the linn of Haxnn Bros. (M. M. &
Louis iiagan) and was appointed San Francisco
■gent for the Lancashire Insurance Company.
LOUIS HAOAN, 322 California s!., S. P.
DOCTOR (KXPEKIENCED) WANTS GOOD
country location or position. D. E., box 117,
this oflice.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. J>R. FUNKE. 1416 fcighth St.. Alamoda.
SADIK EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS RE-
-0 moved to Grant aye., rooms 1, 2 and 3.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
J. tailoring: lowest prices. 210 Kearny, upstairs.
A DVieiS FREE; DIVOUCB LAW- A >PKC-
ii- laity, private: no fee wltbou: • »nccess; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collection* bills of sale*
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab, 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, Bt:y-at-la\v. 850 Market.cor.Stocktu
11HKUMATISH CURKD ■ OR MONEY KK-
-1 I funded: poor treated free. 305 Eddy st.
MMX. LEON A— BKAI'IY PARLOUS: GEN-
, ulne magnetic treatments. P.m. 3, 995 Market
MM 1 . MVKTJ.K POTT REMOVED FKUM
1562 Market at. to a3 Sixth, room 17.
MMX. ROI.LAND, PALMH4T; MAGNETIC
treutnieuls a specialty. , Room 1, 223 Post St.
HAVE YOUR HOUSE PAINTi.D WITH Al
stock.no dope or fish qti; room* papered $2
up wuiteuea,Clsoup .grained, varnished,
$5 up. AMBHOSE & SCUAAF, 1029 Kearny st.
rnjiE OIL OF LIFE." ~ ~
J. VITA OIL. as Its name Indicates, is a lite-giver
and life-saver; cures :<pram., bruises, lameness
and soreness: $1 a bottle, ti for 86, 310 a gallon-
char prepaid. Address 15. 3 BUCHANAN ST.
EVERY' FORM
of chronic disease, nervous, mental and vital.
Including 1-.HEUMATISM, speedily and perma-
nently cured by DR. SMI Tit's ELKCTR(i-.mag-
NX TIC BATuS. Don't wait too long. Hyslenlc
board: sunny rooms. 1633 BUCHANAN ST;
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTKCTIVK
IX service. Rioms 19 'JO and 21, Chronicle bid*.
"I r\l\(\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED. $1 50;
Xv/U\J show cards, etc. -HILL, 2. y^ Geary at.
I>RIVATE PIiTKCTIVE WOltK DONE RKA-
X -iimili 10 years' 1 experience: all mailers
confidentiaL U.K. WKBSThK, 1027 Market, rm.o.
lAMMAKI G KNLARUKMKNTS AND
provemeuth nil. the time; constantly increas-
ing patronage will allow me to do it: the very best
tmir-ln-s in > he city 25c, no variation;
switches *1 and $2; best hair, grays Included,
B'-' 50 and *3. G. LKDEitEK, 111 Stockton St.,
nearest Geary. ..'—..
Vl IPS JESSIE AND LIZZIK KEEGAN, LATE
l'J with G. I.t-derer. expert hairdresser, ayelng
nnd blenching « specialty. l»4Vs O'Farrell St.,
phone Brown 353.
UITS TO OKDEK ON I.NS TALLJI ENTS; $1
lOa week. N. Y. Ta.lorlng Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RKNOV\NED ITALIAN REST AU-
rants combined: F. DKLMONTK «fc CO., pro-
prietors of the o d Buou Gusto Restaurant, 4*l
t-.roadt'.ny. lia\'e consolidated with MR. AiSGELO
DKLMONTK. proprietor of the celebrated Flor
d'ltalU at 430-4^2-434' Broadway, just opposite.
HHUKSCHMIHT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gas titter. B2S Golden Gate ay. TeL,Sutter47L
TV" ALI • PAPER AT COST: PAINTING, PA PK
'» h«nKii:«nnd Interior decorations our specialty ;
best workmen oaly. "MEIUOAN," 1302 Webster.
AGMSCOPK — NEW •I'KOJECTIMJ MA-
chine; us<*s the klnetoscope Him*: price re-
duced, $150- BACIGALL'PI, 946 Market st.
OKI A DOZEN— iil.\t. l AJll^iiij — « \»*^-
t?l son's all ery. !«■ Market. .
BIG OGTDOO.-'. si KKKOPTHON SHOW EVK-
ry uißlit cor. Market nu<l Sixth ats. ; artistic »4-
vcrtisementt In living light:- promoters of ban-
liesv consult OWL adv. CO.. 1140 Market st.
* i)rj .-ilO.MOUJdiittV ■nl., BKAa'cII OFFICB
• '_( «.i'i iii. uu.; waul ».ua »uu3trlpuoai
taken. ,- ." ;.v-'-'v .■-".;"
[..ARTISUTON'a Of .MAU.vZI.NK
• and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
|ern:s, etc.. 424 Pine at.: Ulustratiouj -.iuuiau«ta
lor magaE;nex new upape.-j,- etc. ■ -- • •
KLlltt.l'. A.Mi. i-lLe.* tI'KKD; No. PAY
-LI until cared; send for book. DRS. UaM
>iEL,D<t POKTKRFIELD. bM Market. St.
ELiCIKIC Liv 111-* IS KVKUV ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third il, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 25a to $1 60 per night: SI SO to (a par
»eok; lieu bus and baggage to uud troiu the terry.
I MjOAavft FUks A.» efll.-t UKTAILKD
wnolesatft priest. Factorr, '.'0 M>nnoia<»
" ~ DRESSMAKKRS.
DRKSSES FROM <'J 60 UP: CAPES, $1 UP;
wrappers. tOe up. 431Mlunast.
CLAIRVOYANTS. •
MRr\ Di!. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times.' Don't foil
to see her if yen are Interested In the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, death*, chalices, travels. di-
vorces, nepnrutlons, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills. deed 1 intl mortgages, lost or stolen
piopcrtr, lost or absent* Iriends, Interest you; If
you care to know what 5011 should do to be suc-
cessful, where you bhould go and whom to avoid,
when ix) buy and sell sio.ks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may le your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted, woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours oa. m. to Bp. if., strict. N. B.— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Bend stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Mar-
ket st., parlors 25 and 16. 'lake elevator.
MilK i>K THOMAS. HUiKsrrmo rkvhai,
cr by eKs;» and cards: tells eotlre life, past,
present, lutura; consaltatlom on all affairs; uoih-
laic KZecptMlj names' civen; pood kdvlco: sura
lie:p; restores lost lova by sympathy: mistake Im-
possible: fee *1: letter $2. kV.* I'oat st-. nr Larkln.
51E. LE NORMaNI*. WEIRD WIZAKUKSS
or Ihe w. rid: life chnrts; trance, character
delineations, 9- &0; reading, Sfte; by mail $1.
i I'olkst.
MISH MELVINA HAS RKCOVEREO FR"M
her illness; would be pleased to see har old
and new friends onc-s again. '■ tit! l . x Howard fit.
TTme! It. SIJKK INVITKS H.it PTICS;
i'l clairvoyant and psychological pi mist. 616
Jon -s st.
I>ENO\VNED GERMAN KORTUNK-TKUKR.
JV returned from Europe: lire, cradle to grave: pic-
ture husband, wife; ff«6oc up. 1 16* Grant av.,r 19.
MMX. AIELBOURN;^ OJKTED CLAIRVOY-
ant: nevtr falls;. call and be convinced. 419
Geary »L, room 22, second floor: only 26c. -- S J< ;:
MME. LKGOETTE, LIFe-REaDER; BU«I-
-ncbS advice; friendship restored; one price,
■-."<<. 311 Tehama si., near Fourth. ,"i~.
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st. : water a specially.
MME. KAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given; Sac up.s Fi.urth
MX. MORKaU, BEST FOR lU>E-TH.LKR
and card-reader; 2be up. 764 Howard st.
l7s PEARL RAYMOND. FROM THE
EaU: magnetic treatmenu 7 Grant aye.. r. V.
ETH KLGK A Y.CLAIRVOY A NT. CARD READ-
-ILlt .nid palmist. il»Si» Mission »t.,U-i. 7:hanil 8:h
G" U'SV l>lFt.- j.KADh.K. » &i VENU hT.;
indies *Jsu, cents 6Uc: all questions answered.
MMX. SYiULKK TKLL-. FROM CKaBI.K TU
srav»:p!ctnr«» Klren: Indies ■J5u:.M« H*j*aff>ll
bI'IKITUAMSM.
MME. OSSIA.\ SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
un: : lite r*adintrs, love off .irs, business lnvsst-
nients, mining speculations a spe-jia!lty>.;ts Mlsslou
MX. YOUNG'S lES-T CIRCLE Ti -NIGHT;
l'Jc. 418 McAllts er; convincing tests.
MR-. FULTON— MATERIALIZING SEANCE
to-ulcht, 60c; ulttints dally. 31 Fell st.
A T 007 MARKET— '»'« -NIGHT; TESTS; FULL
i\. names given. . MR. KEEGAN: others.
RS. STEKRS, PhYC'UOMKI R18T; ORES
examined ; readings $1.; 11-.'V»Oak st.
\| R-. C J. MKYEB, «28 MCALLISTER ST.;
-'J tests to all: ctr. 2to 8 P. x.; 10c. ; sit. ings.
Rs.J,J. v HUSKY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. ' 218 Stockton *v- ; .
AM. *ivA-M.i54, KviJlii'i.NUEM' SLATE
. writer. 1 18 Halshi. a- : . hours 0 until tf r. m.
RS. H. A. «RlFFl>-CilL bUN. KVK; 250:
lest ml*. Thur. eve.; sues daliv. 4v!tii/a Grove
•-' HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, 95 : DISEASKS
.■>:.. l habits cured. Vol. liiKtltut?, 1340 Marke: st
YPNOTISM CtTRKS WIIKN ALL ELSE
■ falls; also taught, Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
■ •-.; i ■•■• •■.'■•• PHYSICIANS ~
TTuTcTc! O*DONNELI« 1200 MARKET, RES.
U »b(5-l 2&tu bU; diseases oi women aspcciaily.
CITY SEAL ESTATE.
CC BEMIS.
. KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTUOMEUY aT.
FOR SALE.
Choice bolldtnslot on Army and 27th sts.; dose
to electric road.
$460— S*n Carlo* Villa lot; 100x160 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 Jeet on Jackson »U. overlook-
inz Ibe Presidio and bay.
$5500— 2 modern bouses of 8 room* each at
park; 25x137:6 lest; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer. ,
18500— Elegant N\V. corner of Cote and Carl sts.
$300— Choic» building lots north of park.
Bargain— S\V. cor. Fifth ay. and C st.-. 109x95 ft.
BOULEVARD COTTAGE HOME, STORY:
JJ basement; 6 rooms, bath; cheap; o»\v terms
on account of street paving. 567 Ist aye., Rich-
mond.
pOTTAGK, 4 ROOMS— LOT. 25x123: PI ICE
\J 91150: cash down $600. bal. *8 mo., without
interest, till paid. Cor. Calif, and Powell, Mission.
&7Cn COT 1 AGE AN U LOT ON 31 PROS-
«3M O\J. pect aye. App y 919 Valencia at.
({■ I *)' (\ 10 ACKKS IN S«ANTA CLARA
iPiAOU,, County; must sell or exchange for
procery-store or lodgintf-house. Inquire at 410
Kearny st., room 10.
1 OT 80x106, OX THE EAST LINE OF ASH-
Jj bury si., south 160 feet from Frederick; for
sale. H. FOKSTEN, 423 Bnsh St.
QACRII'ICE; SW. COR. TWK.NTIE II ST
DTreatave.;2sxllO. Herb Institute, 1205 Market
LOT- OH 43DAVE. AND X oT.'FOK .-.ALE
very r<-:iHOMib'.e: no ageuts; also lots in Ocean
View. 6y 2 Golden tia:e aye.
<n»*;onn WILL build A.S KLEGANT B-
«©— *j"'' rooot. 2-story dwelling, porcelain bath,
wood mantels, etc.; 8320U for 11-room, 2-flat
building; $1600 for 6-room cottage: call and are
plans. sp<*ciilcatlons, etc: same submitted tor any
kind or building. W. W. REDXALL, Builder,
1328 Hayes st. QRSP
RANDSBUHG. KEHN COUNTY: MIXES.
XV buildint; slics and business Investments; reli-
able infurmatioii. C. H. MunKK, 835 Market St.,
rcom 4; branch office at Kandsburg.
ONLY 1 LEt-T— NEW HoUSKS. JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole .it., ueur Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 1-5 feet deep: street ty be bitu-
mlnir.ed. Apnlr on premises.
BIOXKY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON KUKXITUHK OB PIANO!*,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alamedo. at lowest rates:
without removal: no rommlsaions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1025 iHs^lua at, above blxth.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY KEsPKCTAULK A.ND PKIVATK
place to obtain liberal ad vnncen on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
b:ore, 948 M..rke; st.: telcpbunn (ireeu 204.
CJ-'inn (\l\l\ AT/6Vj I'JiU CENT ON CITY
tS)O\J\J.\J\J\J real estate; nlio Oakland: estate*,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. tD;OR 3D MOll J 'IIAOM
estates, undivided in:eresu, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and planoi without reiuuva^
UcCOLUAX. -i MontKOmery it., room 8.
I IBIKAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JF.W-
\j i-lry. etc.; low Interest. Cut-rate Loan Ollke,
r. 7, Flood bide, 80» Market: tel. brown 11)1.
Qjt>O,t. jiiiii A ' l ' BANK liA'l'Ki: Is! AND
i£)ij£iO.\J\)\) ad inoneacea. estate*, rents, etc.:
UndaiinwMSJU. H. ML'KPHV. CM Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON >.MAI,L LOANS?
Wv loan at 55c iniereu per mo. on each $101)
on Cil mon?as»: any security, void. box 4, CalL
MOXKY TO WAX OX KST AND SECOND
• mortgages. 410 Keurny St., room 10.
Of l AO.OOO OS likk INSURANCE POLICIES
<pJ \J low Interest. JOS. H. . OPLUZ, 33J Pine.
O.N ; J- UKM'I VKKY I<UW INTKREsT;
no commission. KCHIH.VKIt, 7 City Hall aye.
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KKALKsTATE:
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine si., r. 3.
CjCA TO $&0,O00; LOWJSrjT RATE; IST A 2D
i&O\J n/onc-: any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
* NY SUM, l.vr OK 2ND MOKTIi.»«Ks. i£S-
-rV tat»s In probate, etc. Urn. 7. 508 Calllomla. SL
NI.FUKNITUKE AND PIANOS; .No KB-
moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
OX PI ANUS AND FLIU\IIi.HK. WITHOU1 1
removal: very low IntPreal. 116 McAlliuer st.
MOJTKI WANTED.
Oil l 7t\C\ WANTED OK BKAL ESTATE; W.
C 5 1.1.UU M.. box 71. all Office.
nSAKOUuVi
\\r AXTKD-$5OO AT 8% PEK ANNUM FOR
»» oiie year. Address M... box 78. Call.
TTLE & LOFTIS, LAND AUKXTS. NE-
A gotlate loi*ns 6'JO Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
AIKDICAZ..
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
i.from whatever cause) restored In a few
boars; aafe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In conflnemen:: bes; care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every case guaranteed :con-
■ uttailon fr>-e, coutlden la!; houri 10 to 5: pills $1.
HUH. HI). WYKTiI, Hi Post St., near Larkln.
t>. J.HT^O-fKLYX.THt UKfcAT ESPECIAL-
-Ist, still oQera bis va uabie services to th» un-
lortnnate. With amiud ma ured aid euricned by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills tie cannot
treat to a perfect cur* Ladles, be is always ready
to assist you. His know has teen strength-
ened by extensive experience. Mo case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol, ills female monthly r< inedtt s are tare and
r*fe In their iff cm. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood »r* nover-faiilnt In their
action, and Are warranted for both youn< and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
over 5 .) year* of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlor*. Hod
Market st. Call or write direct to yU6 Market vi
rooms 11 and I-'.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
Jess; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity, hum-
ring or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded if a care Is not effteted; travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; borne in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
salt free the en reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister su, next Hlberma
Bank: hours. 9 a. M. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. it.
* NtW PKOCBaa— KO MEDICINE OR IN-
J\. btrumetit tiied: every wom:«n tier own physi-
cian for ail i' male troubles, no met er from what
cau9e: reslo es always in one dwy; <an be sent
nnd used a. home: positive cure; genuine new
prcoesH can nu v be had at my office; advertised
20 years. DH. POPPER, 818 Kearuy su
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO Rlv
store every case of roouthly sickliest irom
whatever cause In a few hours wlien medicines
and others have failed; no instrument: used;
many years' experience; every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable: flmt-cluss private
home for confinement. MIM lilt. I>ALEY. Had
Market st, over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. roUI.KTS. FRENCH CAPSULES — A
pnuranteed absolute cure for all lemale dl.v
eases (no matter what cans*) positively safe Mil
sure; no aang<-c or alter effects: taken la time
also acts as a preventive: pric* $l 6U per box:
cent free by mall on nv«u>t v; vn.j. . NVaULKU
JUROS.. US Grant ay&
DH. AND MRS. WI.OE.NKR. 626 EDDY ST.:
private home: every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement ; female complaints
bklllfully ireu'.ttl; regular |>hyi>iciau: quick relief
for uavelers: Lest cure; terms modernie: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills s'£.
DRS. CiOOOWIX. .KPKCIA LISTS. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint; home for patients: best skill.
ln-ts diagnosis; low lees: Belt-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPKAU'S FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
XV. dies with ieinale troubles; nodaugar: safe and
sure: $2 oOexiireas C. O. !>.; don't delay until 100
Jute. CKIiOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland
* bURK CUitK FOR ALLFKMALK VIS-
-v coils from whatever cnuse; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; salisfucuuu guar-
anteed by MRS. U\V Yliit, 8M Tuk at
A LL JrKMALK COMI'LAINTH AND .' DIS-
JtV. eases of the eye permanently cored at HK&
DR. BCOTT'S, 410 Geary at ; consultation, free.
DU PKAK'S FKMALK RKUULAIINH. PILLM;
safe and efliclent emmeiiaaogue: $1 per box.
& CO..drutsists. 406 Clay si., sole
US"l' >'AIItTO COMmULT Int. i\H\.UK$ At
his museum, 1081 Marices st. : his 30 years'
fsrcessful practice Is a rncranteaof fair treatmeaw
lite worst cases treated sail only by mail.
N>URPA!-bKD KEMKUIKS FOR FKMALK
troubles, diseases. MKS.UU. PUETiJ. Vis4^4ta.
V tR.~HA.LLs li UcALUSTKIi STBEKT. >.-.».*.
1' Jones. . Diseases of women ana children.
ATTORNEYS- A T-I. AW.
ADVICK FRKK: ' DIVOHCK LAWS A RPJSO
laity: private; no fee without success: pro'.'ata,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective*: cstab. 10 years.
O. W. iiOWK. b5O .iiait.f:it, corner Stockton St.
A DVICK FJIKK; No I'HAKUE L'NLK^SSUC-
A. ctiwful. .W. W. DAVIboON, «27 Market at.
R~ W." KING, ATTORN A AW, CHRON-
. lcle building: advice five: lotrfe s: all cases.
, proposals.
Pacific coa^t JOCKItY CLCB-SfcALKb
X proposals (or c'tntiunury privileges at Ingle-
Aide racetrack for the season of lt>97-98 will be
received at the office of the secretary. Parlors A
and li. Palace Hotel, Bids will be opened at «
o'clock p. it., Saturday. April 10, 1807. -
k\ H. GREKN, Secretary.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
I^OR SALE O4 EXCHA Voe— 15-At -RE FRUIT
orchard in . beating; unincumhered: will ex-
change for houM- and lot, in Oakland. Alameda.
Berkeley. San Francisco of equ.il value;- price
•40U0. Particulare MarKet st., room 5,!». F.
$»_|/)TO$8U; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•Sirt \J unimproved land: terms 1 o snit: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65. Chronicle bidg.
OR SALE— A FINE LOT IN COLMA AT
half-price: 25x120. A. S.. box 6U, this ottlce.
EARLY FRUIT AND VEG. TABLE LAND—
1000 acres of the "Wolfskin grant." in lots
from 20 acres no, selling for «:-0 per acre on easy
terms: located 3mi es west of Winters, cal. For
particulars address W. H. GR.fc.GOKY, Winters,
Cal. .
L"OR HALE-3 POULTRY RANCHES, CON-
-1 sistlng of geese, ducks, chickens and pigeons;
alsu *- lot*. 'Jo.cliO each, at $20 a lot. TriuJlAS
F. CO>KLI>, lied Flag. Six-iuile station, *an
Bruno Road
DEEDED L N.i $3, $5, «8, $15 TO $40 AN
acre; clrculats free; state your case fully.
M. M. ORItKIS, Cotton wood, CaL
BARGAIN; ALA.MhDA COUNTY', 30 MILKS
from city; choice land; fruit, vegetables, grain
hay; flowing springs: $35 per acre. H. J. DIQ-
GLES, 69 Columbian building, "ran Francisco.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSK JO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on S and 1 > years' credit. D. H. TWISO. So-
noma City: every Monday at 633 Market sL. 8. F.
fflj' AN ACRE; 11:80 ACKKS TIMBEK; GOOU
«ir»J for stock or fruit; plonty water. S« box 40.
TCTTLE <S LOFTIS, LA.ND AGKNTS: VERY
Urge list of choice country properly, every
class, location, for sale, exchange;" houses rented-
rents collected. t>-0 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
L>OR SALE OR LEASE ALFALFA LANDS UN-
i. dercanal.San JoaquinCa. on railroad: nr. stock-
Jon: $'25 acre. McAKEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE — 908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND i;i.\;, ESTATE.
SNAP-*iso DOWN, BALANCE «25 PER
mouth: house uf 8 rooms and bath, lot ;ssxl'_'B,
on Magnolia si., near Fourteenth; niujt be sold.
L . i all Office, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE. HEALTHFIL HOME SITE
while prices are low. lots $100 to $150 at
Fitchburg. beyond Frultva'e; the Dest property
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 46 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, ou: of damp
belt: soil excellent lor gardening: very best water
facilities; gooci school; terms to suit. Betore buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. KUXKLK 916Va ushingion si., upslairs.
room '28, Oakland, it
ALAMEDA ADVERi'i^MEiNi'i
j, AKOAIN; ALAMEDA COUNTY 30 MILES
1 I from city; choice laud; lruit, bay. Era 11. veg-
etables, with livliiK springs; 9*25 10 $35 per acre.
H. J. DIGGLES. 69 Columbian bulidms, a. F.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
IpiNKLYrURNISHKDII-ROOMHr.ISE AND
. grounds to rent: 1 b:k. trom Mouon-st. station,
narrowg! nge. A. E. 5.,1511 Central ave..Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; IIOV6K OF 6 BOOMS; LOT
45x125: stree. v»orkc'one: ueur the s.xtlon;
no reasonable offer refused. J. J. MAiSuN, Berke-
ley station.
U'sT BE SOLD: MODERN HOl'sK OF 8
liL rooms and bath: corner lot b0x125; nice
grounds; gia:id view: near U. C. and staUon;
owner has to go south: price $*7 50. cost (3500.
O. G. MAY A CO , 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
0 COTTAGE* TO KKNT OR FOR SALE ON
— Miatiuck aye., North Berkeley. Inquire at
Thompson's Hotel. ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
mHB WHOLE OR A PART OF THE OSK.
-I iifth interest in a clear estate worth from
$70,000 to $100,000; lnc.4t.nl In Oakland Town-
snip, Contra Costa, Sacramento and .Monterey
counties: to exchange for clear Mm Francisco im-
proved property; modern flats preferred. Address
a., box BS. Call Office.
1 (\(\ HOUhr.S AND LOIS, $100 TO $18,000
X\J\J 150 ranches, all sizes. 8200 to 6,000
200 business places, from *25 to 5,000
WHAT HAVE you to OFFER? .
IL C. DECKER,. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
ELEGANT NKW iO-ROOM FLATS; 2 FAMl-
lies; lot 25x11-':6; barn, fences, walks; all
complete; hoi ami cold water; cash $1900 small
payment down, balance mortgage at 7 per cent.
Address *. X.. box A, rail Office.
LEGAL NOTICES. <{■•!;'■
"I/OR BALK— SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION
F by the Superior Court— The business or the late
J. I*. THOMa- (-»\v. cor. of Clay and Davis sis.,
San 1 r..uc s o, and at ■ hico. Cat), ■ ousisting of <
the stock, fixtures, good will and credits.
Bids will be received by A. C. FREESE, Specla«
Administrator of the es'-ate of J. P. THOMAS, de-
ceased.
1. For the entire business as conducted both in
San Francisco and CUiiO
-'. (Separate bin for each of the stores at San
Fraud • c.» anil (.'hico.
8. For the stock, fixtures and good will of the
fan Fraaclsc ■ store. ■ '
4 Merchandise in warehouses as per inventory.
6. Such other bids as parties may desire to
make.
All bids to be filed with A. C. FKEKSE bj> Mon-
day, April 12. 1897. at 9:30 o'clock of said day.
and be accompanied by a certified chic for 10
per cent of the offer. Bidders are r<-o,ues ed to ap-
pear bi fore J'ldue Slack of the superior > ourt at
l::-0 p. m,, of said day, upon continuation pro-
ceedings
A. C. FREESE, Special Administrator of the
estate of J. P. THOMAS, deceased.
— "™"""* — ~"^ ~— — — TJ
bicycles.
Tandems, "96" Pattern, good AS new.
1 $70 and upward: bargains in second -
«be«ls. Golden Bug Bazaar ci'c.e department,
25 Geary st. ■
CHEAP: A HIGH-GRADE WHEEL; IN PER-
feel condition. O. A., box 134, Call Office.
UAUUIAGK Lltli>sJiS.
The following marriage llcenss* bava baen
Issued by the Conntv Clerk's office:
(-•aetano Sartori and Lutgia JJotnenlcl. 40— 21.
Ernst Roentech and C'attinrlna Hoehnitr. 27— 27.
William C. Hav^loo< an I Marr S'apl.-» 31—22.
felKl li^ — MARRIA«KS — UtAte.
[Birth, lnarrlage and death notices sent br mall
will not le inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsad
with the name and residence of person* autbonx«J
to have the earn* published. J
BORN 1 . 1 ; • -
GRAHAM— In Los" Angeles. Cal.. April 6,1897,
to the wife of Harry s. uraham. a son.
KILLI'ACK— In this city, April 7, 1897, to the
wife of Raymond M. Killpack. a son. •
MCDONALD— in this city. March 15, 1897, to the
wife or J. A. J. McDonald, M.U., a daughter.
SCOVERN— In this city, March 10, 1597, to the
•'. wife of Stanley (i. Hcov«»rr>, udmi'i'ir. .
MAKIUKi).
GUTHRIE-LAKKNAN— In Grass Valley. April
8, 1897, by the Rev. Dr. Robert Mackenzie of
-hu Francisco. Rev. William Kirk Guttirio of
Red Bluff and I. aura V., daughter or J. M. Lake-
nan; of Grass V.i ley. -
MUELLER— MEYER— In this city, April 8.1897.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles a. Mueller
and Julia Elisabeth .Meyer.
" juljsdTT ■
Baqtoelster, Joseph Kahn, Hannah
Boj-J, Surah M. Vo. z. Charles
Bremner. Adolflne ' McMahon, Patriok
ChriAttsnn. Martin Meilandt. Christian J.
C'latliD. William T. Minor, Viola U. D.
Clioteii, Edward F. , Morgan, lUrtlelt
Co 'de Cecilia o'Dar, Uridget
' Devlin. James O'Hanlon, Frank
U.inbar. Inez Paulliseu, I'etroalUa
FUhnut, Valentine V. Reynolds. John
Flood, Annie 'hielir. John
Garceion, Walter C. Schit fer, Carl C
. Haubrrh, Frederlok W. Sej on, John
lioepperger. Mar/ Ward, James - :
Hol.aud, Katharine . Wen. worth. Ltllle G.
Jennings, Joan T. West, Mrs. Ida M. .
Johaston, Andrew H. White, Julia
Zoppl, Antonio
BAUMEISTEK-In this city. April 7,1897, Jo-
seph, beloved bVisband of Josephine Baumelster,
and father of Willie Freddls and Olga ami-
melster. a native of Wurtemberg, Qrrmany,
aged 6» years 11 months ana 7 iiavs, A mem-
bar of VerelnKtntrachr.San Francisco benwaben
Verei i and .Mission Turn Vereln.
£3*Frieuds and acquaintances are rvspnet-
fn.ly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at '1 o'clock p. X . from the San Fran-
, cisco Tur.i Vereia Hall. Wtt Turk street, where
service* wilt be held. Interment I. O. O. f.
O«mBter/.
BOYD— In this city, April 8, 1897, Sarah M.. be-
loved wire of J 1.. Bovd mm mother of, George
and Joseph Boyd and Mrs. J. C. I'iersou of isac-
rnmento. a native of Ireland, aged 08 years.
aarFrlends and acquaintances 'ire respec-
folly Invited to view th» remains TOMOKKOW
: (Sunday) at. 1706 Stock on v. n-.-i between 8
and JO o'clock a. x. in.erui -v; private. 
BKKMNER-ln this city. April 8. 1897 Adolfine,
beloved wlf<> of George int. John Brenner, and
4 mother of Ada, Ueornlana and Carl Hi John
Bremner. a native of tiacramento, Cal., aged 31
years. /  '-t* W-*MSftP* . ■.-
Si' Ihe funeral , service* will * take place
THIS - DAT (Saturday), at 'i o'clock p. x.. at
her late residence. 428 Fair OaKs street, between
Twenty- fifth and Twenty-sixth- luteruiun; a:
Sacramento on Sunday.
CHRIEsrsKN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. April 9, 189 Mar: in Chriestsen, aged 47
yean.
CLAFLIN— In this city, April 9. 1897. William T.,
Infant son of William and Margaret Clallln. a
. native of San Francisco, aged 9 mouths and 6
days. .
CLINTEN— In this city. April 9, 1897, Edward
F.. beloved cusbaad of Elizabeth Clinten, and
dearly beloved father of Mabel an I Charles F«
Clinten. late of Agnews, CaL, a native of San
Francisco, a<ej 39 years.
49~The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. M.. from Mission
Dolores Church, sixteenth and Dolores streets-
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
CONDE_in Beimont, Cal, April 8, 1897, Cecilia
Conde, aged 46 years.
DEVLIN — a month's mind masiof requiem will
be celebr*t<»d at sacred Heart Churcti THIS
DA.V (Saturday), at 9 o'clock a.m., for the re-
pose or the soul of the late James Devlin,
* riends are respectfully invited to attend.
DUNBAR— In this city. April 8, 1897. Inez,
youngest and beloved daughter of Jeremiah and
Margaret Dunbar, and sister of >iertha Dunbar.
a native of San Francisco, aged '£ months and 4
days.
FLAHAUT-In this city. April 9, 1897. Valentine
v. Flahaut, beloved mother of Mrs. Charles
Joseph, Henry E. Hahaut and the late Mm. A.
Koeniif. a native of Boulogne, France, a«jd 78
years 6 months and 19 days.
FLOOD-In this city. April 9, 1897. Annie, beloved
daughter of James and Katie Flood, a native of
San frau cisco, aijed 5 years 4 months and 18
days. ■ - • ■• ■ ,
GARCELON— In Alameda, April 8, 1897, Waiter
Cheney, beloved «on of lloraca F. aud the late
Maria F. Garcelou, a native at San Francisco,
aired 20 years 1 month and 17 days. [Boston
(-Mass.) and Lewistoa (Me.) papers please copy.]
J(3~ Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Saturday;, at a o'eloci
p.m.. from 1668 Kuliroad avenue. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery.
HAUERICH— In this city. April f. 1897, Fred-
erick William, dearlr- nelo,'eJ son of Mar/
and the late Benjamin W. Hauhrich. and brother
or Leonard, Evelyn and Benjamin Haubricn
a native of saa Francisco, aged 29 years. '
JO"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect*
full}- Invited to a:t»nd the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence In Golden Gala Park, uear wuier works,
and thenc« 10 the hall of Misjion Parlor No. 38.
N. 8. G. \V., Seventeenth aireat, between Valen-
cia and Guer ero. where the funeral services
will i>e held at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery. *:' ";v .-~.*:'
HOEPPERGER— In this city. April 8. 1897. Mary,
eldest and beloved daughter 01 -Louts and Le:ia
Hoepperser. sister of Joe, Martha, Josephine
and 1.01111 Hoepperger. and stepsister of Georgo
Zei:er. a native of san Francisco, aged 13 year*
11 months and 17 days. .
JG3~Frlends and acquaintance]' are rMpec*.-
fully Invited 10 attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of he.- parent*. 3 Morris avenue, off Har-
rlsoa street, between Fifth and sixth, theuc» to
St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue an 1
Leavenwortu street. Interment Holy Cross
■ Cemetery. ■ ■ . ■ •< • • . .
HOLLAND— In this city, April 9, : 1897. Kathar-
ine, beloved wife of the la. c George Holland, a
native of Frutwald, Germany, agoJ 48 years 9
months and 15 days. . ■ ' .
JENNINGS-In this city, April 8. 1897, John T.
beloved soa of John and Barbara Jennings,
brother of Peter and Mauil>< Jennings, and'
nephew of Mrs. B. O'Doiincil, a native oi Sau
Franci co. eged 31 years and 3 months.
49~Frlends and acquaintances ar» rwspao*,-
-■ fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence. 453 Harriet atreui, hence to St.
Ruse's Cliurcn, where a solemn requiem mass will
' be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. , ....
JOHNSTON— in the Cltv and County Hospital.
April a. 189/, Andrew H. Johnston, a«ed 64
. years. ■•: ■ . ..y
KAHN— In this city, April 9, 1897, Hannah
Kiihn, beloved mother of Mrs. S. Pander, Mrs.
M. Schmidt and Mose. Max, Fred, f.th«il Jesse,
Florence and Harry Kahn, a native of Germany,
a«ed 55 years 1 month and i) days.
•STFrlends are respectfully invited to atteni
th& funeral TO- Mo K BOW (Sunday), at 10:15
o'clock a. m.. from her late residence, 1718Po»t
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery
by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from Thlru and
Towusond streets. •' , .
LOTZ— In this city, April 7, 1817, Charlei, be-
loved husband of Phllomena Lotz. and father of
Henry and George Lotz. a uatlvo of lieraiany,
aged 51 yearj and 11 days. Louisville (Kr.)
- papers please copy.] ■ ■.: - . ■>
J9Es* Friends and acquaintances and members or
Vcreiu Kmtr.icht am trust vo 1 iiaudel Lodge
No. a, O. d. H. a, ate respectfully invited" to
attend the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at '2
o'clock p. m., from Eintracht Hall. 237 Twe.fm
street. Remaini at the parlors of Theodor
Dierlcs. 957 Miiaion street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Cypraas Lawn Cemetery.
McMAHON— In Half Moon Bay. San MatPO
I County, Patrick, beloved husband of 1 Margaret
McMabon. father of Mrs. Ka « TruUou and
James, Edward. Mamie and William McMabon,
and brother of the late Owen McMahon, > nan
of County Armagh, Ireland, aged tia years.
dir Friends anJ acquaintances are resneet-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), from the ihurch of Our Lady, Half
Moon Bay, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated ior the reposoof his soul, comwencinj
at 9 o'clock a. M. Intermen; Holy Cross C<uie-
terv. - ■
j HKILANDT— In this city, April 7.1&97, Christian
J. Meilandt, a native of Germany, aged 74 years
4 months and 13 days. . . , ,'
MINOR— In city, April 8. 1897, Viola, U. D.,
beloved naugnierof leia Mlnorof st. joieph.
Mo, granddaughter of Dr. and Mrs. Howard, and
sis er of Edith May Minor, a' native of St.
Joseph, Mo., a«ed 15 yeurs 1 mon.Ji and Gdaja.
I?t. Joseph (Mo.; papers please copy, j
JO"Frleiids anil acanalntances are respect-
fuilji Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at '2 o'clock p. it., from Zlon a. M. E.
Ciiurcti, Stockton street, between Sacramento
aid Clay, luterinen; Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORGAN— In Oakland, April 8, 1897. Barrett
Morgan, a native of Indiana, aged t>9 years tf
months and 11 days.
O'DAY — In this city. April 8, 1897, Bridget, relict
of the late Michael o'Day. a native of County
1 onegaJ, Ireland, aged 58 yean 7 months and
20 da- 3. [Boston (Mass.) paper* pleaje copy, j
ft*" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend :he funeral THIS ;AV
(Saturday), at 8:30 o clocK a. 1 m.. from her
late residence, 22t< Clara street, ti.i-uce .0 St.
Patriot's Church, where a solemn requiem
mast will b» celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Interment
Hoi/ Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
O'HANLOX— In this city, April 9. l!*t»7, Frank
O'Hanion. a native of County Leitrim, Ireland,
age 1 24 years.
ft*" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
* Co.. 767 Mission street.
PaULI KEN— n this city. April 9. 1897, Petro-
nllla, dearly . beloved wife of Ueury. Puulijien,
and mother of Constance A- and Emil L. J.
Paulissen, a native of Chile, aged A 9 years.
Kt-YNOLDS— In nils oitv. April 8. 1897, John,
beloved husband of Mary a. Reynolds. . and
father of Jamet J. and Joseph Leo Reynold*,
a native of Adalr, County Limerick, lreiand,a:ei
55 years.
Kf Friends and acquaintances am respect-
fnlly nv;ted to at ewi ene funeral TO-MurkoW
(■-uuiiay i, At, 1 o'clock p. v.. irom his late resi-
dence, 17;<5 Twelf:li avenue, near M street,
ibenci! to 8:. Aeues Church, Masonic avenue,
lor services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
RIKUR— In Mission San Jose, John, beloved bus-
band of Anna Reiiir. and father of Alptionie
i.ienr and Mrs.. Charles Bez. a native of i.uem-
Bebwiiier, Alsace, France, aged 64 years and A
months. ■ "
43" Friends and . acquaintances are resnea:-
lulK- Invited to attend the funeral THIS DA Y
(-'Saturday), at 11' o'clock a.m., from his late
' residence near Mlss:ou Uan'Jose. Interment at
Mission San Joae". .■■ ■ ' . ■ , .
SCHRIEFER— In thU city. April 7. 1897. Carl
C, dearly beloved son o'. IX 11. and M. C. £chrie~
fer, and brother of Dora S. and th«.- late J. U.
tjCbrlefer, a native of ban Francisco, aged 12
years and 1 mooch.
ft.*- Frlendi and. >. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DaT
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. x., from the residence
oi bis parents. 156 >atoma street. Interment
private, Masonic Ceme'.ery.
SESSON— In the City and County Hospital,
April 9, 1897, John Ceston, aged 6-' MM.
WARD-ln the City >»nJ Corn:* Hospital. April
8. 1897. James Ward, aged 65 years. : .
WENTWOUTII-In this cltv. April 9. 1897, LUU»
•0..' beloved wife of a. A. Wentworth, daughter
of Mrs. Sarah Rite, and sister of Robert, George.
Frederick. Charles and Benjamin Rice and Mr*.
J. D.Allan, na.ive of San Francisco, aged -7
years and 1 month. [Hiutou (Mass) p.iueri
please copy. J '
WEST- In this city. April 8, 1897. Mrs. Ida M.
West, beloved ■■ in- of K. A. M. West and daugh-
ter or Robert Wright, a native of ban Fraucisco,
aged 21 years - months and & iin •-.
jO*Funeral services will he held THIS DAY
(Saturday), at '1 o'clock p.m., at '260 Clinton
Paric. iu.errueut pnva.e. '' • • ;• :
■ WHITE-ID this city. April 9, 1837. Julia White,
beloved' mother of William White, Mrs. *A. a.
' Ksleston aid Mrs. Matthew Zimmerman, a na-
- live or Ireland. a;ed 67 years.
JBTS-Frlcn.il and acquaintances are raftDnc:-
fnll- Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late rrsi-
ODiu-. 18. 1 rjspeoi m>:iue, iiernal Heights,
thence to t. Pau.'.t Church ior services. . Inter-
ment Holy Cross Ceiuet«r>*. . .
ZOEPI— In the City and County Hospital, April
.9. 1837. Antonio pp ! . uxmi t>M years.  : -^
:\ , ■ .. . ■
' (VICAVOY A GALLAGHER, ;' I
FCNRRAL DIRECTORS ft EMBALM
SO Ftftk St., Opp. Lincoln School. .
Telephone 3080.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION ;. ...
IS PREPARED TO CONTIKUK TUB SALB
J. of burial pets and graves In Its cemetery - aai
give deeds. ■ " -■■ ■ ■ - ■ -
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged tor at th»
Superintendent's ofllca st the cemetery, cornet
Bush >irru; and Central avenue, Sun FrancUco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: .NEAREST UK MO
tery to the city; uon-aec tartan; in noaaoiaaiy
elusive: location unexcelled. OOtee VV7 MuM
•me*, Miuaeaai corner »' tilxu*.
1314
EXIT THE
CARNIVAL
The Projectors Agree That
the Money Cannot
Be Raised.
AFFAIR TO BE FORMALLY
WOUND UP.
Helping the Unemployed Was a
Serious Drawback to Its
Success.
A STATEMENT PREPARED FOR
THE PRESS.
Grand Ball Proposed at the Pavilion
to Discharge the Liabilities of
the Committea.
The carnival has died. At the meeting
last night of the executive committee at
the Columbia buiid.ng it was decided
after an exchange of views anent the hard
times to discontinue all further efforts to
carry the enterprise through, and, if not
to formally disband, at least to call the
effort off till another year.
Henry S. Martin, chairman of the finan
cial committee, stated to the meeting
that he had made vigorous efforts in the
downtown sections and throughout the
City generally to raise money for the
carnival, but was met on every hand with
the inquiry why a carnival should be
given now. The people he met said they
dicia't think it was a good time, because
they had to put up so much money for
the unemployed. To them it looked like
an incongruous proposition to be trying
to raise money for a carnival. He was
tired of it and didn't believe the carnival
could be carriei through.
Director-General Bergerot, who lately
succeeded S. H. Friedlander because the
latter gentleman had to go East on im
portant business, said he also had been
ruakintr a careful diagnosis of toe situa
tion. Things looked unflattering to him.
He had estimated that the carnival couJd
not be carried through to anything that
looked at all like a success for less vhan
120,000. As it was the committee didn't
have at pre-ent much more than a third of
that. The clouds didn't have a silver lin
ing.
Professor Emery E. Smith, director of
the floral part of the carnival, stated that
the floral people he was affiliating with
baa decided they could not keep up their
end respectably with the money that was
allotted them. As it appeared no more
could be granted he felt that in justice to
the Floral Society he ought to resign from
the executive committee.
These speeches with some others scat
tered along at random brought things to
a climax. A number of the committee
lia4 evidently previously foreseen that
the carnival couid not be c.-.rried our.
The enterprise had been, floated for
months, but the business men of the City,
let alone the people at large, did not take
hold of it with the ardor that was desired.
They could not for some reason De in
spired with the importance ot it.
Tue committee discussed the different
phases of failure for some time ana then
united in preparing a statement for the
press. It set forth the efforts that had
been made, the large sum of money con
tributed by merchants and others in aid
of the unemployed, and the fact that it
would be best to torero the carnival now
and postpone it to another year.
General Warfield, the chairman of the
carnival, was not present. He was at San
Rafael. The following was t&e statement
uiven out for the press. It was unsigned:
"The present executive committee of
the Golden Gate carnival, at its regular
meeting last night, decided to postpone
ttie series of proposed festivities Hereto
fore announced until further order--,
"This action was brought about by a re
port by the director-general and the
grand marshal, elected a week ago, show
ing the impossibility of carrying oat the
proposition on the lines originally con
templated within the short time to elapse
between now and the 3J of May.
"These gentlemen ascertained, after care
fally canvassing the situation, that, al
though the old executive committee had
been at work for nearly a year, they had
practically accomplished nothing and
ha<l signally failed in securing sufficient
subscriptions to insure the success of the
festival.
"The new committee found consider
able enthusiasm prevailing among the
people in favor of the carnival and a dis
position to liberally contribute to its
success. The money couid have been
secured, but as it was absolutely necessary
to let all contracts at once, and as the
committee had not sufficient time within
which to collect tho necessary funds, it
had no other alternative but to follow the
course tnat was adooted.
"Believing that a carnival would be a
source of great benefit to the community,
the committee has decided to maintain
its organization, and in order to discharge
t c liabilities incurred by the previous
committee it nas resoive.i to give a grand
tiall on the Bih of May at the Mechanics'
Pavilion, The balance left from the ball
is to be donated to the unemployed.
"The prizes lor the school children in
the word contest, which will close at mia
night to-night (Saturday), will be paid by
the committee as soon as the 3000 or more
lists can be gone over and the winners de
termined.
"The present headquarters will be main
tained until the affairs of the committee
are wound up."
HTEW 10-DAT.
In all the world there is no other treatment
bo pure, »o sweet, bo safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Ccticura Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuticlka (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
1 11 Lib 111 v
la told thronrhout the world. Fotteb
Dbco * Chim. Corp., So'.e Propi., Batton.
OS"' All About the Skin, Sctlp, and Hair," free.
EVERY HUMOR
SWOOP OF THE
RAILROAD MEN
They Are Now Doing the
Southern Part of
the State.
Will Meet in Grand Concave
at Monterey en Tues
day Next.
All Traveling in the State to Be Done
by Daylight for Better
Observation.
California's beauties and advan tages are
now being enjoyed by the host of South
ern Pacific traffic officials and commercial
agents, who were invited some time ago,
at the suggestion of President Hunting
ton, to gather in business and social In
tercourse at Monterey. They came from
all parts of the United States and from
Europe.
The contingent from east of the Mis
souri River left New Orleans last Monday
night and picked up the Texas men en
route. At Los Angeles their number was
augmented by the men of the southern
part of the State.
All their traveling is done by dayligh t
as one of the principal objects of the
unique gathering is 10 make every man
connected with the traffic department of
the Southern Pacific Company familiar
with this part of th« country, so that he
may be the better able to induce the in
coming of home- builders and investors.
The entire party of invaders arrived at
Itedlands last night, where it w.is met by
Messrs. fcraurr, Gcodman, Luce, Donald- |
son, Horsburg and Fletcher trom this City. |
To-day and to-morrow will be spent In
doing Redlands, Riverside, Covina, Pasa
dena. Los Angeles, Santa Monica, San
Pedro, Santa Ana, Santa Barbara and
Fresno, and the various branch lines that
connect these points. They will leave
Fresno Monday morning and make direct
for Monterey, arriving there some time
during the afternoon. Stockton will be
the only point visited during the trip up
from Fresno.
Business matters will receive attention
on Tuesday, ana three or four days will be
devoted to the interchange of ideas, an'i
the discussion o! questions looking to the
improvement of the trarhc.service in detail
and as a whole. It is understood that
President Huntington and Messrs. Crocuer
and Hubbard will take a run down from
this City to exchange greetings with their
fishers of busines-. On Monday Traffic
Manager J. C. S'.ubbs will make the trip
to Monterey, and take an active part in
the proceedings. Many of ihe auents of
the company have never had the pleasure
of meeting the president 01 the company,
its principal officials, or one another, so
that this occasion will be one of unusual
interest, in view of the many new friend
snips that will be undoubtedly beeun.
Before this great human network is
again spread throughout the country, the
men will take a day for seeing the sights
of San Francisco. *Th«y will return over
the central route. Mr. Hitchcock, the
local passenger ngent of the Union Pacific,
yesterday called on Mr. Siubbs, and on
behalf of his road extended to the visiting
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1897.
Southern Pacific men an invitation to
travel over the Union Pacific on their
journey homeward.
THE ZANTE GRAPE.
General Chipman's Account of Kfforts
of Interested Persons to Classify
It as a Currant.
General N. P. Chipman of Red Bluff,
lately appointed Supreme Court Commis
sioner, who has for some time recently
been visiting Washington, D. C, has re
turned here, and is at the Palace. Dr.
Chester Rowell of Fresno accompanied
him on his trip. They appeared before
the Ways and Means Committee in refer
ence to the so-called Zante currant, which
is in fact a crape.
The Greek Consul in New York, how
ever, and numerous merchants there have
been for a long time trying to deceive Con
gress with the idea that it is simply a cur
iant, so that it mar be admitted free of
duty. If this were done it would compete
with the California raisin grapes.
APPOMATTOX BANQUET.
D:nner Given at the Presidio
Club to General J. W.
Forsyth.
The Distinguished Guest Told th.
Story of the Great Surrender
in April, 1865
A dinner was eiven at the Presidio Ulnb
last night, in compliment to General
James W. Forsyih, U. S. A., commanding
the Department of California. The offi
cers at the banquet, aside from the chief
guest, were : Dr. White, Dr. Ertie, Colonel
Bates, Lieutenant Croxton, Major Field,
Lieutenant Haincs, Lieutenant Boyd,
Lieutenant Rutherford, Colonel Young,
Lieutenant Potter, Colonel Willoston,
Lieutenant Noble, Lieutenant Kilbourn,
Lieutenant Bent, Lieutenant Carson, Lieu
tenant Nolan, Lieutenant Palmer, Captain
Thompson.
Clever speeches were made by General
Forsyth, Colonel Young, Colonel Bates,
Colonel Willoston and Maj .r field.
The occasion was the anniversary of the
surrender at Appomaltox. General For
syth was at that time the chief of
staff of General Sheridan, and took an
active part in arranging the preliminaries
for the memorable meeting between Grant
and Lee. At the banquet last night be
told in a plain and simple style the story
of the active fighting and the pursuit
which preceded the culmination <>; the
war. The General's narration of the his
torical events was listened to with all
absorbing interest.
The banquet-hall was beautifully deco
rated with flags, ensigns and flowers. At
the plate of each officer was a rose of the
color to signify the corp* to which tho
guests belonged. For the staff there weie
violets.
Major Field was in a happy vein as a
speaker and depicted the humorous
phases of an active campaign.
The First Infantry band discoursed
music and in every sense the banquet was
a great success.
For lots in beuutif al Belvedere Inquire of Robert
K. McCiill. agent, 405 California street.
"Lady Aberdeen, the accomplished wife
of the Governor-General of Canada, is to
be "convocation orator" at the University
of Chicago in April. Never b-fore in
America has a woman been chosen as the
principal speaker on such an occasion.
Bricks and transcripts printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable. Alysell-Rollins, -'- Clay. •
MET DEATH IN A
PETROLEUM VAT
Frank OTlanlon Instantly
Suffocated by Poisonous
Fumes.
Entered a Huge Tank to Clean
It and Fell to the Bottom
Dead.
A Rope Had Be n Fastened to Him,
bat It Slipped From His
B dy.
Frank O'Hanlon, a scrap-piler, met his
death yesterday afternoon by being as
phyxiated in a huge petroleum tank at
the Pacific Ilolling Mills.
The tank, which is about 25 feet deep,
contained several inches of oil. A gang
of workmen were ordered to repair and
clean the immense receptacle and O'Han
lon was selected from the number a3 the
man who should enter the tank.
As soon as the cover was removed it
was found that the receptacle was full of
petroleum fumes and O'Hanlon was
warned by his partner not to enter it. A
consultation as to the danger was held.
and it was tinally decided as a precaution
to tie a rope around O'Hanlon's waist De
fore he lowered himself, in order that his
life might be saved in case he was ren
dered unconscious by the fumes.
O'Hanlon tinally c. imbed over the edge
of the receptacle and sisirtedto lower him
self. He had not proceeded more than a
few feet, however, before the gases in the
»at asphyxiated him and he ttirew up his
arms. This allowed his body to slip
through the loop and fall to tne bottom.
No one could enier the tank to attempt
to rescue him until several minute 1 * li;id
elapsed to allow the pent-up gases toes
cape. Then another workman was let
down with a rope in the same manner.
He fastened a rope around the body and
it was lifted up.
When O'Hanion fell no sound escaped
him, and it is believed that he died as
soon as he struck the bottom. The unfor
tunate man was about 19 years old and
lived on Napa street. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
El Campo Kenpened.
Early this season, because of the perfect
weather, the San Francisco ana North
Pacific Railroad Company has opened its
popular bay resort.
With the comraodions and finely
equipped steamer Ukiah plying to and
fro with, sufficient frequency to prevent
overcrowding; the unrivaled attractions
of the bay trio to the Mann shore; the
picturesque charm of an ideal spot, shel
tered from biustering winds and shaded
by numberless trees, there can nowh-.-re
be found a more delightful Sunday resort.
All days are sun days at El Campo.
Ctrelul weighing shows that an or
dinary bee, not loaded, weighs the five
thousancith part of a pound, bo that it
takes 5000 bees to make a pound. But the
loaded bee, when he comes in fresh from
the neiris and flowers, freighted with
honey or bee- bread, weighs neariy three
times more.
MORE TALES TOLD
ABOUT DR. STAHLE
How the Ex-Superintendent
of the Hospital Obtained
Furniture,
Letters Confessing That Certain
Artie 1 es Were Taken Away
From the Institution.
The Grand Jury Is Willing to Re-en
force the Supervisors in the Fight
for Cheaper Water.
The Grand Jury at the regular meeting
yesterday afternoon resumed the investi
gation pertaining to Dr. F. H. Stable's
management of the City and County Hos
pital while he was superintendent of that
institution. The witnesses called were
Dr. Williamson, the present superin
tendent; W. D. Griffin, expert of the
Board of Health; Mrs. Knorp, the do
mestic in charge of the officers' quarters
at the hospital, and J. A. Miller of 960
Mission street, the furniture dealer from
whom Dr. Stable procured the carpets,
chairs, sofa and other furniture to equip
his quarters at the hospital and which he
subsequently transferred to his own domi
cile.
The Grand Jury yesterday did not finish
the investigation in this respect, but did
obtain much direct testimony to verify
the common gossip concerning the dis
position of tne furniture.
The testimony of J. A. Miller was
pointed and conclusive. His books,
which had been opened to the expert,
show the amount of the purchases. Mr.
Miller supplied the chairs, chiffoniers,
carpets, etc., on requisition of Dr. Stable,
duly approved by Joseph King, who was
the chairman of the Hospital Committee
of the Board of Supervisors.
The lurniture is stored in a warehouse,
ami letters are in possession of the Grand
Jury containing in effect a confession of
Stable that he did remove the articles so
purchased from the hospital to hi< own
rooms. Of these facts Dr. Williamson
and Ex pert Griffin are also cognizant, as
Dr. Stan le told tii -m what lie bad done.
Mrs. Knorp was an important witness,
because she has been employed at the
hospital for many years, t^he WBs there
when Dr. Titus 'vas superintendent. She
ther« marrie i Mr. Knorp, the late hos
pital steward, but the fact of the marriage
was not made known to the public until
the demise of Mr. Knorp, a lew months
ago. 'J hen the facts were disclosed and
she obtained insurance money on Mr.
Knorp's life policies. She has in her
mind a complete inventory of the car
pet?, chairs and other equipment of the
officers' quarters. It was given out at the
time the furniture went into the institu
tion that Mr. Stable had purchased the
articles on private account, and when he
moved them away no particular surprise
wns manifested.
It was expected yesterday tbat th re
port of the committee on corporations
would be adopted, and the publication of
the report authorized. The Grand Jury
desires to re-enforce the Board of Super
visors in its efforts to bring about a reduc
tion of water rates. For aome reason, the
report which the committee presented
was not acceptable throughout, and so
tinal action on its adoption was deferred
until next Tuesday afternoon.
CLUB ELECTIONS.
Annual Kleetlon in Bohemia — The Pa
cific-Union Moving Slowly.
The annual election of the Bohemian
Club will take place next Monday and the
annual meeting will be held on the day
following. The candidates on the regular
ticket are:
President, William Sproule; vice-president,
Vandcrlynu Stow; secretary, Douaid de V.
Graham; treasurer, James A. Thompson;
directors for two s*ears— Clarence E. Bickford,
William G. Stafford, George W. Granniss and
George H. Powers.
Tbe opposition ticket in Bohemia has
not yet appeared, and may not be sprung
until the evt- or day of the election.
The twenty-fifth anniversary banquet of
the club is to be held Saturday night,
April 17. The guest of honor "will be
Uncle George T. Bromley, whose eightieth
birthlay wil! then be celebrated.
The Pacific-Union Club has taken no
further steps toward moving the institu
tion to Van Ness avenue. The lot se
lected has not been purchased, but the
authorization to buy the land holds good.
The Pacific-Union, like all other laree and
conservative bodies, move? slowly. An
other year may elapse before the club
shall decide 4 on i lans for the new house.
INSURED FOR MILLIONS.
Mrs. Jane Stanford Proterts Her Life
for tbe University's
Benefit.
Mrs. Jane Stanford has had her life in
sured for the largest amount that has ever
been written by any insurance company.
The beneficiary under the policy will be
the Leland Stanford Jr. University.
According to the policy, which was
duly executed yesterday, she is to pay an
annual premium of $170,000. Should she
die at any time within the next ten years
tiie company agrees to pay to the Stan
ford University the enormous sum of
$1,000,000. Should she survive for ten
yeais the amount to be paid to the bene
ficiary will then be doubled, and $2,000,000
wiil )>e the portion of the great.educa
tional institution at Palo Alto.
Mrs. Stanford is now in the neighbor
hood of 66 years and her health is good,
and there is every prospect that her latest
move in the interests of the Palo Alto
university will eventually bring to that
institution the sum o* $2,000,000.
No person under 16 years of age is per
mitted to enter a theater or tavern in
Hligoland.
NEW TO-DAT.
El Belmont
Clear ,
Havana —
Cigars
FINER THAN EVER.
FOR SALE BY ALL DEALERS.
ALL COLORS.
TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.
RINALDO
BROS. PACIFIC
&CO COAST
AGENTS
300-302 Battery Street, S. F.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
LEADERS FOR TO-DAY!
—
NEW GOODS
AT CUT PRICES!
Although every department of our colossal New Spring Stock
is BRIMMING WITH BARGAINS we, as usual, close the week with
an offering of
EXTRA SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS!
1500 DOZEN LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS
AT ABOUT HALF PRICE!
-A.t 5 Cents Each
500 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $1 20 per dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
-A.t 7" Cents Ea.on.
500 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $1 50 per dozen, win be offered at 7}£c each.
At. 1O Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price %1 per dozen, will be offered at 10c each.
At 15 Cents Eaoh.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN "HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $4 per dozen, will be offered at 15c each.
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
NOVELTIES in FRONTS. RUCHES, BOLEROS, COLLARETTES, YOKES JA-
BOTS and FICHUS at moderate prices.
VEILING! VEILING!
9Xp— lB-INCH CHENILLE DOITED TUXEDO VEILING, black ground, with
£|CJU green, purple, com or red chenille dots, the latest noveity. at 25c a yard.
A -DOUBLE-WIDTH CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, black ground,
*±VU with purple, green, magenta or corn chenille dots, all new styles, at 40c a yard.
LADIES' WAISTS!
Xfift— LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" make, detachable col-
; O\J\j lars, will be offered at 50c each.
7^ p -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in all fancy
Iwl stripes and figures, will be offered at 7jc each.
©1 AA— LADIES' LAWN AND DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, in all the latest pat-
«jpJ..Vl/ terns, will be offered at $1 each.
Q1 X A— LADIES' FANCY DIMITY AND FIGURED LAWN WAISTS, in the
tSA.»O\J very lattst figured patterns, regular price $1 75, will offered at $150 each.
I LADIES' KID GLOVES!
£A,»— 150 dozen 4 and 5 BUTTON KID GLOVES, large buttons, black only, regular
Ul/O price *1, on special sale at 60c a pair.
HCifi— HO dozen 3- CLASP CHAMOIS SKIN GLOVES, In natural color and white,
lut regular price $1, on special sale at 70c a pair.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS!
XAp— BOYS' NAVY BLUE AND TAN STRIPED DUCK SUITS, with embroid-
•jXJKj ered vests, ages 4to 10, blouse ana pants 50c.
HZp— BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, in navy, tan, cardinal, mode, etc., either in
I O\j solid shades or fancy striped, with embroidered and soutache trimmed collars,
cuffs and pockets, ages 4 to 10, blouse and pants 75a
<5»1 AA— BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, infancy colors, almost any shade, very
«JjJL.UU handsomely trimmed, or in white linen with blue anchor, embroidered
vests, ages 3 to 10, blouse and pants $1.
I HOSIERY AND CORSETS!
OX/»— 200 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE, black with white feet and Richelieu
&O\j ribbed, worth 40c; price 25c.
301^—100 dozen LADIES' FAST BI,ACK LISLE THREAD PLAIN AND RICH-
OO.jVj ELIEU RIBBED HOSE, worth $6 ver dozen; 3 pairs for $L
9X^—loo dozen CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIBBED AND CABLE-RIBBED HOSE, extra
»-'JL heavy, double heels and soles, ail sizes, at 25c; worth 40c.
r?~ _50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, long waist, handsomely embroidered, black
I Oij ana drab, at 75c; worth $1.
I RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
9A A — 3^-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS, in assorted
£*\J\j colors, value 30c, will be offered nt 20c a yard.
9- p — 4-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS, in assorted
<— Ovj colors, value 40c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
Orv n _5- INCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS, in assorted
01/ L colors, value 50c, will be offered at 30c a yard.
LADIES' SILK AND LEATHER BELTS!
QT>T?r i TAT I LADIES' BLACK SILK BELTS and LADIES' LEATHER
OX JEivyXxULJ . BELTS, stitched buckle and also harness buckles, colors black
tan, brown and green, at 23 c each. '
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
SPFCTAT I LADIES' JET, SILK AND MOHAIR BOLEROS, latest patterns,
lOJI JLV-Lil-IJ . at $1 25 a set. * '
OSTRICH FEATHER COLLARETTES!
npTinj A T I LADIES' BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER COLLARETTES
OX XLlVlii-JJ . 18-inch ribbon ties, fine quality feathers— four special prices $1 75*
$2, $250 and $3 each. ■ ' * '
t" ' '
WASH GOODS!
150 pieces HIGH-GRADE PRINTED DIMITIES, 12Kc goods, on sale at ..... 71
•• • • ••••. yard /2C
Two cases GOOD BLEACHED DOUBLE-BED SHEETING, 81 inches w ? de It
special at yar( i XoC
tB- STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
IMI B MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/{/ Market Street, Comer of Jones, /
Ss.ii Francisoo. *