VOLUME LXXXI. NO. 135.
TURKS AND
GREEKS CRY
FOR WAR
Guiding Hands Cannot Hold
Rival Forces in Check
Much Longer.
CONFLICT IS CONSIDERED
INEVITABLE.
Su'.tan and King Must Both Scon
Yield to the Popular
Camor.
IRREGULARS YET ADVAHCE ON
THE FRONTIER.
Many Pians Are Formed for Harass
ing the Armies cf the Sultan
in Macedonia*
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turret, April 13.
The popular clamor for war has in
creased until the people are unanimous in
favor of beginning hostilities immediately.
The position of the Sultan is analogous to
that of the King of Greece. With the
Greek aggressiveness on one hand and the
subjects on the other wild with desire to
march on Athens, the consensus of opin
ion is that the Sultan must soon yield to
the pressure and war is inevitable.
ATHENS, Greece, Aprii 13. — According
to advices received to-day the insurgent
Greeks in Macedonia have occupied Bo
siova. a town east of Baltino.
Assim Bey, the Turkish Minister here,
to-day viaited the Foreign Otiice and asked
M. BfcOQZM, Foreign Minister, why the
Greek troops did not prevent the violation
of the frontier by the insurgents. Skcuzes
retorted: "Wny did not the Turks pre
vent the invasion?"
Later in the. day A-«im Bey again vis
ited Skouzes and reasserted that Greek
regulars had taken part in the invasion.
lie declared that the Ottoman soldiers
had identified one of the leaders of the in
vad.ern.asa Greek colonel. sirea
uousiy denied the accusation. These
charges and rebuttals are somewhat of im
portance in view of Hie eagerness of both
sides for war, and are probably attempts
by each side to make a beginning without
appearing the aggressor.
The Greek National League is planning
a formidable secret movement into Turk
ish territory. Ii is sa;d to have already
sent a force of ; XK) so-called irregulars to
seize strategic frontier points, intercept
Turkish supplies and gain the rear of the
Turkish army. Toe plan contemplates
the «ending of 10.000 troops into Aloama,
Epirus and Macedonia. Although the
Government has ordered the interception
of this expedition, it is covertly sanction
ing the movement through subordinates,
who purposely disobey the order, ex
plaining they cannot spare men enough
to subdue ilie irregulars. The volunteers
from Athens hay." reached Arta, and more
are on tne way. It is the intention of the
Greek? when all is ready to attack and
capture Janina, which, according to the
treaty of Berlin, rightluily belongs to
Greece.
Another force of irregulars is preparing
to cut off Turkish communications with
Salonica, whence the Turks at Elassona
derive supplies. If the attempt is suc
cessful, the three Turkish array divisions—
the eastern near Salonica, central at
Klassona, and western at Janina — in ad
dition to the army corps at Gr.vena, can
be cut off from communication.
Greece's naval man'-uv^rs are al-o s?ig
n:ficant. One of it 3 fleets is near Aria,
another commands the approaches to the
island of Salouica, prepared to capture it,
EDHEM PASHA, Commander-in-Chief of the Turkish Troops in
Macedonia.
The San Francisco Call
THE CITY OF SALONIKA, Showing the Position of the Harbor.
Salonika is the base of supplies of the Turkish armies in Macedonia. It is a city of about 80,000 inhabitants, situated at
th<» head of the gulf of the same name. From here a railway extends to the tiorfhwest, connecting with a line which reaches
Bucharest. Austria has always had a hankering for Salonika, and Great Bntain.it is believed, would be gla*l to annex it.
Externally the city has an imposing appearance, and bears a strong resemblance to a portion of San Francisco when viewed
from the bay. It is inclosed by walls five miles in circuit, its numerous minarets and domes interspersed with gardens of
cypress. The city was the residence of Cicero during a part of his exile, and was raised to (he rank of a Roman colony by the
Emperor Valerian. The harbor is now crowded with transports and ships of war, ana presents a most animated appearance.
and the third fleet is off the island of
Skyro, prepared to attack the Turkish
islands in the ..Egean.
LONDON, Bra., April 13.— The Athens
correspondent of the Times compares the
momentary calm on the frontier to the
stillness preceding a storm.
The Daily Telegraph has a dispatch
from Vienna stating that the Austrian
Government has been informed that the
United States has decided to recognize the
blockade of Crete.
JtEADT J-'OJt THE FRAY.
Oreeka Residing on Pttgel Sound Pre-
parrd to l>o Rattle.
SEATTLE, Vakh., April 13. — The
Greeks, probably 6IA) all told, residing in
the towns and cities on Puget Sound, are
organizing, preparatory to answering the
first call to arms of their King. A pre
liminary meeting was held last night in
this city, at which thirteen descendants of
the H«ilenes signed the volunteer roll.
Now formal steps toward organization are
being taken". From the interest thus far
manifested it is safe to say that from 200
<.o 300 able-bodied men would quickly re
spond to any call that King George might
make.
The meeting last night was held in the
store of Nicboia? George. A general meet
i ing of all the Greeks in Seattle is to be
called some time this week. Nicholas
■ George was himself a soldier once in the
j Greek army, he is a leader among hi*
i local countrymen, and he says they will
ail be glad of an opportunity to reiurn to
| their native land and tight the Turks.
j Funds to tLe amount of several Hundred
dollars have already been contributed
toward deiraying the expenses.
EltUßil I' ASH A.
Career ef the Leader of the Sultan"*
Force* in Macedonia.
Though a Mohammedan by education
and religion, the leader of the Sultan's
forces in Macedonia is said to be a Greek,
a native of the Isle of Scio, where he tva^
born in 18^3, about a year after the great
massacre, which so nearly depopulated
the island. When yet quite a boy he be
came the slave by purchase of the cele
brated Turkish statesman Khosru Pasha.
He soon attracted the attention and the
favor of his master by the manner in
which he performed the servile duties al
lotted to him, and was sent in 1832 with
three other you'hs to be educated at
Paris. There he uecanie a student at the
Ecole dcs Minis and quickly distinguished
himself by bis patient application and
aptitude for study. He remained in this
school until 1835, making in the mean
time several tours through France, Ger
many and Switzerland in the prosecution
of his scientific and mining studies.
in 1839 he returned to Constantinople,
and his former master and patron recoe
nizing gieat promise in the young man
procured ii is appointment as captain on
th" ueneral vtaff and he was assigned to
the topographical department. He was
promoted until he soon held the rank ot
colonel. He was also engaged at thi9
time as tutor to Abdul llamia 11, the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1897.
present Sultan. Royal favor smiled on
him and he rose rapidly, becoming in 1849
aide-de-camp to Abdul Btftdjid, the reign
ing Sultan, and captain-general of the
imperial guard. He likewise fulfilled the
duties of chamberlain of tho imperial
palace and was a member of the council
of state. Upon the dismissal of Ali Pasha,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, he was ap
pointed to that office and subsequently
represented the Sultan at several Euro
pean courts.
V'hile holding the position of Embassa
dor to Berlin he was recalled to Constan
tinople to perform the more important
duty of Second Plenipotentiary of the
Porte in the important but futile confer
ence of the European powers heid in that
capital in the latter part of 1876 on tne
eve of the Russo-Turkish war. Ia that
assemblage of diplomats he showed abili
ties of the highest order, though he was
rather more outspoken than politic.
During a sitting of the conference some
of the other plenipotentiaries, haying re
ferred to the atrocities committed by ttie
Turks in Bulgaria, he retorted with a
stinging reference to the massacre of Si.
13nrtholomew f 8 day and the lerribie scenes
of the French Revolution of 1793.
riis loyalty and ability were highly «»p
--preciated by the Sultan, and upon the
downfall of Mid nut Jfasha, F«brtury,
1877, he was appointed to the olhce of
Grand Vizier. He affiliated with the
••Young Turkish" party, of which Vetik
Kffendi, the President of the Chamber of
Depnrie?, was then icader. His cour:,a ai
Grand Vizier, though short, contrasts to
advantage with that of any other of his
day.
Edhem Pasha came from the rank of
colonel on the general staff to his present
position of field marshal wkhout servine
time in the intermediate gradesof general
of brigade and general of division. He is
now the most important figure on the
stage of action.
TALK BY TELEPHuNE IS EVIDENCE.
An Indiana Judge ihe First to Me.'* a
Ruling Upon a Ntw Question
of Law.
ANDERSON, Ind., April 13.— Judge
Bundy made a ruling last night which id
said to be the first of the kind rendered in
the United States. During the hearing
of an accounting case the defendants
sought to introduce as evidence conver
sation over a telephone. The court over
ruled on objection and said:
"I find tins point has never been ruled
upon. I think it time a precedent is estab
lished. I now admit the legality of the
telephone and such conversation will be
permitted to go as evidence."
The testimony in question was of vital
importance.
BOUXD TO JPJS.N THE SEMATh,
tariff Kilt Nnre of a Majnviti/ Under
Ann i irrtumtnnm.
NEW YORK. S. V., April 13. -The Her
aid's Washington correspondent says:
"The passage of the tariff bill through the
Senate is assured regardless of what
amendments may be made. I have made
a careful canvass of the situation and find
forty-tive Senators who can be depeniieu
upon to vote for the bill in any shape.
These represent the least possible strength
of the bill on its final passage, and con
stitute a majority of one, as the Senate
will probably stand when a vote is taken
with two vacancies, ana the majority may
be increased to two if the Kentucky Legis
lature can succeed in electing a Republi
can.
"The actual majority by which the bill
will oe passed is sure, however, to be con
siderably larger than this on account of
the attitude of the silver Republican Sen
ators. These do not propose to place any
obstacles in the way of the Republicans.
On ttie other hand they wiil insist that
tne Republican leaders shall have every
opportunity to carry out their pro
gramme."
THB AIUSUir IS VKZ.A.UOMA.
Distinctly Semn &•/ Hundreds of People
of the' Jerritorj/.
PERRY, O. T., April 13_The airship
which has created so much excitement in
Nebraska h'S made its appearance in
Oklahoma. Hundreds of people declare
that they have seen it in the past few
days. It nas been seen here by fifty peo
ple in the past two nighis. Five days ago
it was seen by a dozen men at Oathria,
and two days before at South McAlester.
Colonel Yams, an editor 01 this cuy, says
he saw ii last night. He said it went
toward the north. He also saw persons
inside th« machine. Four other citizens
were with Yates at the time.
American* to Honor the Queen' Jubilee.
LONDON', Esa., April 13— The Ameri
can residents have formed a committee to
promote a memorial of t tie sixtieth anni
versa-y of the Queen's reign. The idea is
to raise a fund for the endowment ol
special beds at the hospitals. Among tha
members of the commute are Lady Play
fair, formerly Edith Russell of Boston;
Lady Randolp Churchill, formerly Jennie
Jerome of New York, and Mrs. Georee N.
Curzon, formerly Mary Letter of Wash
ington.
WEYLER A FOE
TO THE WOMEN
They Are SeizDd Without
Any Warning and
Incarcerated.
Members of Mcst Respectable
Cuban Families Confined in
Filthy Jails.
The Brutal Capain-G.neral Tells the
Police to Show No Leniency to
the Fairer Sex
HAVANA, Cuba. April 13.— Sixteen
Cuban women from the town of San
Francisco de Paula, Havana -province,
have been thrust into the house of deten
tion for disreputable .^pxneiv All belong
to families 61 the i.igne*t fespecrtabtuty.
In Guanabacoa ■women '"prominent in
Cuban families have also been arrested on
a charge of being abettors to the insur
gents.
The police enter the houses after mid
night and arrest the women without giv
ing them time to even dress. Weyler has
given orders to prosecute all women sus
pected of sympathy with the revolution.
"These women," he says in an official
communication to the Havana Chief of
I'olice, "are redoubtable foes, as they can
moe easily than men beep in communi
cation with the insurgents. The more
distinguished they are tiie more danger
on«, as through social acquaintances they
can pick up many important secrets. I
recommend you not to be moved to len
iency through any consideration of their
sex."
General Rey reports that a column
under his command had a successful
engagement with the insurgent forces near
the village of Guay mo in Manzallo district,
Santiago de Caba. Having learned the
insurgents were in force near the place
Key proceeded cautiously in order to
guard against an ambuscade. The insur
ants were found in an intrenched posi
tion not far from the road. This fact
excited the suspicions of Rey. The
>^ldiers found four buried torpedoes,
which were afterward rendered harmless
by the troops. Order? were then given
for the column to carefully advance and
avoid any place that might contain a
mine.
It was well this precaution was taken
for as the troops moved toward the posi
tion of the insurgents three torpedoes
were exploded, but without doing any
damage. The Cubans were finally com
pelled to retreat. While the troops were
GREEK RESERVES AT KALABAKA.
This picture, which is reproduced from L' lllustration, shows a company of Greek reserves at Kalabaka, in Thessaly, the
station at the terminus of the railway from Volo on the Gulf of Salonika. From this point to the border the distance is less
than twenty miles, and it is probable that these were a portion of the troops engaged in conflict with the Turks last Friday.
Kalabaka, being the railway terminus in this part of Thessaly, is bound to bo an important place in the immediate future.
The "White Tower, One of the Most Notab!e of the Ancient
Fortifications of Salonika.
returning to Cauto they were attacked by
the insurgents, who had re- formed. The
insurgents were routed with heavy loss.
AO UK Alt WAX MADE.
Spaniard* lio Xoi Hold a Single Provinen
in « uli a.
LONDON. Erg.'. ADril 13.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a letter from its
Cuban correspondent summarizing the
situation at virtually the close of the sea
son's campaign. It says no success has
been achieved calculated to effect the
duration of the rebellion. The Spaniards
do not hold , a single province effectively,
and are nowhere in undisputed master
ship except in some coast towns. Even if
the reforms are granted as far reaching as
stated they must be, it is feared they will
be Urn late. : '>•:> -y '••■■- -v^.<V^:;.
Tne Times editorially refers to the
definition of the policy of the United
States toward Cuba given ny Cleveland in
December. Nevertheless the Spanish
statesmen must be aware that American
intervention is more than possible.
WILL PROSECUTE SPALDMG.
Trustees of ihe Illinois State University
Certain They Have Been Robbed
of Bends.
CHICAGO, 111., April 13.— Treasurer
C. W. Spalding failed to keep his promise
to meet the trustees of the Illinois btate
University to-day. He had been sojourn
ing in retirement ever since it became
known that a great many bonds belong
ing to the university, supposedly in his
custody, had been offered for sale. The
trustees elected Eldrulge G. Keith, presi
dent of the Metropolitan National Bans,
as treasurer to succeed Spalding and de
cided upon steps to prosecute the default
ing treasurer.
One of the trustees said Spalding had
sent a list of securities with which he
offered to meet his liability to the uni
versity. The face value of these was
about $400,000. The board will try to find
ont what the securities are actually
worth, but they admit they lave little
taitn they will net much. Spalding's
proffor of ihe list is to convince them he
has not the university's own bonds and
cannot pet possession of them. The trus
tees do not hesitate to say they are now
pretty certain they have b«en robbed.
Attorney Magee, for the G-looe's re
ceiver, filed in the Circuit Court this
afternoon a bill enjoinine ex-Governor
Altgeld from disposing of any of his
property pending the proceedings to se
cure the lots deeded by Spalaing to
Charles J. Ford.
COACXRXJXG THE SEALS.
Secretary Shrrmnn .sr-»i'/« a T>i»patch to
to the Hritiah Government.
LONDON, E.\G., April 13.— The Daily
News will say to-morrow: Henry White,
American charge d'affaires, presented to
the Foreign Office on Saturday an impor
tant dispatch from his Government with
reference to the Bering Sea seal fisheries.
The dispatch declared that the Alaskan
fisheries are being destroyed by pelagic
hunters and urged the necessity of put
ting a stop to the reckless butchery of
seals. The dispatch also expressed a de
sire for the holding of an iniernational
conference to consider the matter.
The tone of the note is friendly, but
firm. It shows that the United States is
prepared to demand that the killing of
the seals be stopped whenever such kill
inc is detrimental to the ordinary breed
ing of the herds. The United States, it
is added, beiieves that the British expert
who took the party of inquiry into the
fisheries in 1896 concurred in the views of
tne American college.
The answer that will be made to the
note by the Foreign Office may possibly
be delayed. The matter will not be fully
dis-cupsed until the arrival of Hay, the
new American Embassador.
REACH AN UNDERSTANDING.
Republicans Accept the Tarms of the
Opposition With Regard to the
Senate Committees.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.— When
the "steering committee" pi the Senate,
representing the Republican and opposi
tion forces, assemble to-niorrow the prop
osiflon submitted by the Democrats ana
their allies will be accepted ana a basis
for the reorganization of the committees
reached. This ba4s is simply a continua
tion of the arrangement made for tne l3st
Congress. The Republicans will be ac
corded the chairmanships and control of
important committees, except than on
finance, which will continr.o to be a tie
between the Republicans and Democrats,
with Jonea of Nevada (Sit.) holding the
balance of t>ower. The Republicans, in
Morrill, will possess the chairmanship.
Two vacancies will be tilled, one by a Re
publican and one by a Democrat. The
vacancies in the committees will be appor
tioned according to the strength of the
two sides, the Republicans tilling 43.8$ and
the opposition the remainder.
In this division Kyle, originally elected
as a Populist, is counted among the Re
publicans. He seems to have gone witn
them for ail practical purposes. There
are now .'55 Republican and tjtf Democratic
vacancies. By this arrangement, as un
derstood by the Republicans, they will
secure the chairmanship of the following
committees now held by tha Silver Re
publicans.
Indian Affairs, Pettigrew; National
Banks, Mantle; Claims, Toller. Whether
the majority position will permit both
Teller and Pettigrew, both silver Repub
licans, to retain places on the Committee
on Appropriations is a question their
steering committees must decide. If they
do there can be no increase in Democratic
strength there.
San J-'ranciscm Orotcned in Utah.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 13.— The
body of a man was lound in Weber River,
near O^den, yesterday. In a notebook
on his person was the following: "In case
of serious arcident to me please notify
Mr?. B. A. Kilday, 32 John street, San
Francisco, Cal. M The body is believed to
be that of Edward A. Kilday.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
A BIG FIRM
GOING TO
THE WALL
Coblentz, Pike & Co. in the
Hands of Their
Creditors.
A GREAT SURPRISE TO
MERCHANTS.
The D3atb of the Senior Partner
Precipitates the Dis
aster.
SETTLEMENT IS PRACTICALLY
DEMANDED.
Mr. P ke Declares That Outstanding
B 11s Far Overbalance the
Liabilities.
There is a sensation in local mercantile
circles. The well-known wholesale liquor
firm of Coblentz. Pike & Co., doing busi
ness at the corner of Halleck and Battery
streets, has been practically forced to the
wall, and it is given out quietly that its
financial embarrassment will reach in pro
portions something like $100,000.
Tne information that this big house,
which had long been considered as stable
as a rock, was in financial difficulties came
in tne nature of a shock to the commer
cial community. It was wholly unex
pected, and few who wera inierested in
u.e house's welfare had an opportunity
to prepare themselves for it.
Scarcely over a week ago Joseph Cob
lentz, the senior member of the firm, died.
He was loosed upon in his lifetime as a
very wealthy man and one of tue most
careful business men on the Pacific Coast.
That the house was in a flourishine condi
tion no one ever doubted, particularly
after the successful manner in which it
was steered tUrough dangers that beset all
mercantile concerns during the past three
years of hard times and life-sapping de
pression.
But the passing of Mr. Coblentz, it ap
pears, exposed an unlooked-for state of
affairs. It was found upon making au
accounting that instead of being rolling
in wealth, so to speak, the firm was en
tangled in debt and obligations to such an
extent that, in view of the inevitable pro
bate proceedings over the deceased part
ner's estate, there could be no escape from
a raid on the part of the creditors.
Boaz Pike, the surviving partner, was
keen enough to see wiiat the future had in
store for the establishment, but was
plucky, and, rather than throw up the
sponge at the start, he deliberately noti
fied the creditors of the true state of af
lairs and asked for a private conference
with them. After they had recovered
from their surprise they granted his re
quest. Nothing definite came of the con
lerenl-e, except that Mr. Pike was asked
what he proposed to do, and he asked lor
a day or two to think the matter over.
Every effort has been mado by thos*
who are concerned in the disaster to keep
the affair quiet, but tbe anxiety of some
of the creditors, and their consequent in
ability to prevent themselves from talk
ing, let the secret out, and yesterday it
was the chief topic of conversation along
the wholesale streets.
"Well, 1 guess there is no need of mak
ing any fuss about the matter, as lone as
the story is out," said Mr. Pike, when
seen yesterday by a Call representative.
"We are up a tree, ami that is all them is
to it. Just where we are going to land I
am unable to predict, but I'm afraid it
will be wrong side up.
"To what do I attribute our embarrass
ment? Well, Mr. Coblentz died and
leaves a number Of minor heirs. His es
tate will naturally have to so through the
usual administrative process, and I as the
surviving heir and trustee am left in such
a predicament that I can see nothing bat
storm cionds above me. The executor
cannot permit me to go ahead as I would
like to, for he has his trust to look after
and to protect. The probate proceedings
will not come up in court until the 19th
inst. and in the meantime I am left float
ing between heaven and earth.
"Probably if I would be permitted to
continue tbe business until that time
Scrofula Swellings
On the Neck and Great Weakness
Caused by Impure Blood— Was
Constantly Growing Worse.
"When my son was 7 years old he began
to complain of soreness on both sides of
his neck, and soon lumps began to gather
on one side and grew to bait the size of an
egg. We then became more uneasy and
began to doctor him for scrofula. He
gradually grew worse,' however, until at
the age of 12 years we naa lost all hope of
his recovery. He became so weak he
could sit up but a few minutes it a time.
My w*fa saw Hood's Sarsaparilla recom-
mended -as a great blood purifier and we
sent and got a bottle. We began giving
oar boy the medicine according to direc-
tions and it was not long before we saw he
was improving. , ' He continued talcing it
until he was in very good health. He is
now 13 years ola and is well." We recom-
mend Hood's Sarsapanlla for all troubles
caused by impure blood." S. M. Silver,
Grouse, Oregon.
h&r\e\A*e> Sarsa-
nOOU S parilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Sold by all druggists. $1; six for $5. .
HnnrPc Pi Me eat 0s >' t0 take, easy to buy,
IiUUU a rills easy to operate. Ssc2
Fome arrangements could be made with
the estate whereby tbe house would keep
afloat..
'Our creditors are business men who
want their money. We have money
enough due us on our books to offset.our
liabilities, and have lots to spare; but, of
course, that is not the point— that d^es
not satisfy the creditors. Just what the
latter are going to do with me Ido not
know. It is my misfortune, end I guess
I will have to stand it."
It is understood that the majority of the
creditors favor an immediate adjustment
and a settlement at so much on tbe dol
lar. The Board of Trade has no particular
interest in tbe disaster, because the greater
portion of the creditors are not members
of that body. If a settlement, such as has
been suggested, be agreed upon, it is be
lieved that 25 cents on the dollar, or pos
sibly a little better, wili be the ba-is.
Arrest deal of sympathy is expressed
for Mr. Pike among the business men. He
is very popular with them, and has always
been noted lor his fair business methods
and his ability generally. The opinion
prevails that he has met with a misfor
tune which he could not avoid.
LEVEES GIVING WA
Further Calamities From the Continued
Rise of the Big Rivers— Uter
Despair of the Sufferers.
VICKSBURG, Miss., April U -A tele
cram was received this morning from
Ashwood, La., asking that boats and
barges be sent at once to Davis Island,
twenty -five miles below Vicksburg, and
stating that the residents had given up all
hopes of saving the levee around the
island, which protects it from the back
water of Lake Palmyra. The principal
plantations on the island cover 80C0 acres
of the richest land in the Mississippi Val
ley.
A telegraph message from Bruna<vic!z,
raceived at noon, asked tbat boats be sent
to Australia Island to remove stock.
This valuable tract of land is owned by
Ashley & Co. There are over 10,000 a- res
on the p.antation in a high state of culti
vation. Tne island was protected by a
complete protection-ievee, wt.icu gave way
this morning. The water is fast covering
the property. The levee had withstood
all previous floods, having a record of be
inc the only one above the high water of
18S2 on the river from Memphis south
ward.
The Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Rail
road can no longer run trains north. The
entire line is covered with cars to keep the
track from floating away.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 13.— The
rapid rise of the river from Vicksburg to
the gulf during the last three days has
been far er^-a:er than expected and leaves
little hope of saving the .evee. The rise at
Vicksburg has been one foot and one
tenth. There is no indication of any re
lief. Senator Cordill, one of the best
levee experts in the State, telegraphs from
St. Jo-eph that the people have given up
in despair.
A great crevasse is inevitablo on the
Louisiana line. The Mississippi has
broken if record at nearly all points be
yond the Ymzoo in the ia^t two dais. The
river at, Vicksburg is above the famous
high-water mark of 1883, which destroyed
nearly the entire levee system and
wrought damage which it took a quarter
of a century to recover from.
At New Orleans the river is now 18.2
feet, and rising at the rate of two-tenths of
a foot a day. Thibodeaux, in Lafourche
parish, the outlet of the Mississippi, is one
and one-half feet above the highest ever
known there, and it is considered certain
there will be some breaks. These heights
represent the average condition of tue
river from Vicksburg to the gulf.
The next twenty-four hours will prob
ably settle the question whether the Lou
isiana ievees can withstand the flood any
longer.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 13.— More than
100 families here have been forced from
their homes in the lowlands by the floods
of the Missouri. They had to go quickly
and everything was abandoned to the
water. The flood is pouring upon the low
lands of the East Omaha bottoms in a
stream estimated to be 2000 ieet wide.
One branch cuts directly eastward,
pouring into Florence Late. The mass of
water ia the hike has broken up the
levees built to separate it from the cut-off
lake and is now rushing into the latter.
This is the old channel of the river, and
many fear r.hat the turbulent Missouri
will come back to its former bed.
A second breach of the flood is sweeo
ine over plowed and planted fields and
driving residents from their homes in
North Omatia. It is also pouring^into the
cut-off lake. Thus the two streams of the
flood are both throwing a mass of water
into ihe cut-off laze and gradually eating
away the great channels. In the last
twelve hours the cut-off lake hss risen
almost two feet.
srerisMioy is PLEASED.
The hx- fiet- President lalkn of the Mone
tary Communion.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., April 13. -Ex-
Vice-President Stevenson talked freely
to-day about his appointment as one of
the Commissioners lor the promotion of
international monetary agreement. He
said:
"1 appreciate the compliment paid me
by the President, and will cheerfully ren
der what assistance I ran to accomplish
tne object of the commission. I regard
the restoration of silver to its proper
money function as the supreme question
of our own country and throughout the
world. In this country the increase in
the volume of business would be beyond
computation. In the light 01 facts the re
habilitation of silver is a prime necessity.
Should its demonetization become a
settled policy the evil days upon wnich
we have fallen only dimly foreshadow the
the consequences yet to come. A« to the
probability of the success of this commis
sion, it is known that tne trend of public
sentiment in Europe is undoubtediy favor
able to bimetallism."
transfer or GXtASX'B sour.
Preparation* for the Dedication of tne
Monument Jfrogretsinj.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 13. -After
several days of toil tbe delicate task of
opening the steel case in which General
Grant's coffin is inclosed will.be com
pleted to-morrow. The cover will not be
raised except in the presence of those who
are witness to the transfer of the body
jrom the old tomb to the new. This trans
fer will, at the request of the Grant family,
be made quietly and without ceremony.
its exact date being kept secret. Ths
military chiefs of the monument's dedica
tion parade will meet to-morrow to com
plete arrangement?. Applications for
places from the militia in other States aie
still pouring in.
Inmpection of thn >aval Academy.
ANNAPOLIS. Ma, April 13,-President
McKmley <risited the Naval Academy offici
ally Saturday. He was received by the su
perintendent and officers. He departed
later for Washington and willarrive there
to-morrow.
NEW TO-DAT
Under eminent scientific control. . ;/. --"*
AFiIJN 1 A
The Best Natural Laxative IVateK
"Speedy, Sure, and Gentk?
TWO ADMIRALS
TO BE RETIRED
Beardslee and Brown Will
Soon Give Way to
Younger Men.
Commodore Miller Wi!', on Pro
mo ion, Take Command of
the Pacific Station.
Other Changes Include the Placing cf
S card in Charge of tbe North
Atlantic F.eet.
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 13.— A
number of important changes affecting
officers of bieh rank in the naval service
have been decided on by Secretary bong.
One of the orders directs Commodore
Joseph N. Miller, who will soon be made
admiral, to assume command of the Pa
cific naval Btation, succeeding It -ar-
Admiral Lester A. Beardslee. This is an
important assignment iv view of the
state of affairs in Hawaii, through the
Hawaiian Government prohibiting Japan
ese imm'gration. Hv.vaii is included
within tha geographicai limits of the Pa
cific station. The flagship Philadelphia
is on the way to Honolulu, and litiitt will
relieve Beardslee there. This change in
command will probably mark the retire
ment from active service of Beardslee.
He announced some time ago his inten
tion to retire voluntarily in February,
under the long service clause, but the
admiral held on, and it was supposed he
would serve the rest o; the time allowed
him before compulsory retirement on ac
count of age.
Miller is the present corumtndero* the
Boston Navy-yard. When he goes to
Honolulu he will be relieved at Boston by
Commodore Henry L. Howison. Captain
Norman Farquahar, who commanded one
of the three American vessels destroyed
at Apia in the Samoan hurricane, will suc
ceed Rear -Admiral George Brown as
ranking officer of the navy in command
of the Norfolk Navy-yard. Brown will De
relieved from duty June 1, preparatory to
retirement on the 19th. Actine Rear-
Admiral Bunce, commander-in-chief of
the North Atlantic station, will change
places with Commodore Montgomery Si
card, commandant of the Brooklyn Navy
yard. The promotion of Sicard to the
rank of rear-admiral will follow the re
tirement cf Beardslee.
Secretary Long tias decided upon a grad
ual reduction in the strength of the
North Atlantic flVet. During the next
tew months he will retire from active
service several ships now in commission,
both on the home station and abroad.
The Secre tary's programme is 10 go into
effect immediately following a review of
tne fleet in the North River, after the
Grant monument ceremonies. Secretary
Long said to-night he had decided on this
policy as a matter of economy, not to
show the administration he regarded
trouble with Spain or any other Govern
ment now as more remote than a year
ego, when the Government began to plan
the placing of the navy on the strongest
war footing. All vessels retired, the Sec
retary says, will be in condition for im
mediate service if called upon.
The disintegration of the big fleet be
gins May 1 by the retirement of the triple
flyer Columbia, attached to the home sta
tion, which broke the record three years
aeo for vessels of her class. Soon after
the Minneapolis is to be withdrawn from
the European station. Both ships are
sister vessels with three screws and almost
too expensive for the navy to maintain in
service. The withdrawal of the Min
neapolis will leave the Mediterranean
fleet but three vessels, as it is the purpose
of the department to retire the Cincinnati
on the arrival out of the Raleigh.
About June 1 or 2 the monitors now
with the home fleet will be laid up and
possibly some cruisers. By that time the
battle-ship lowa, the Helena, Wilmington
and Nashville will be ready for duty. The
bi»{ cruixer New York may also be laid up
later. With the lowa in the service there
will be three first-class and two second
class battle-ships attached to the fleet.
Two of these battle-ship? and either the
Arcphitrite or Terror will also follow the
reserve list, so by the middle of summer
the greater part of the present strength
of the home station will be composed of
new vessels to be commissioned this
spring.
The gradual reduction in the fighting
efficiency of the station wili continue un
til the autumn, when the fleet will be
again formed more powerful than ever for
maneuvers in Southern waters.
Under the appropriation of the last
Congress several thousand dollars is to be
expended this summer in deepening the
L«ague Island water front so a large fleet
can be accommodated the year round,
ready for service on two weeks' notice
and maintained in perfect condition. In
laying up these vessels Secretary Long
says he will now be enabled to save the
Government many thousands of dollars
yearly without reducing the fighting effi
ciency.
COST Ot AH3IOU-FLATE.
Captain Santpton'* Bint to the Big Man- \
ii/iirluriurf J irinr.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.-Cap
tain Sampson, Ghtef of Ordnance, says be
will not approve paying a cent more than
$400 a ton for armor. If this is not ac- j
cepted by the firms lie says the navy can ,
shortly begin the manufacture of its own
armor without going to expense o. es
tablishing a plant. Sampson states that
there are six concerns in the country, at
any one of which the Government could
undertake the manufacture of armor-plate
without entailing «any heavy outlay* for
new machiuery. The* process of making
armor would not be that used at the lieth
lehem works, but, according to Sampnon, I
an article equally as good could be In time
delivered.
Jili Tel in l/l- Knee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.-Ell
Denison of Oakland called on Senator
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
Perkins last night. He still thinks he has
a chance <o be appoiuted Superintendent
of the Mint. But it is certain that Mr.
Leach of Oakland wiil be appointed.
WHITE HOUSE ACTIVITY.
Many Office- Seekers Ac Eirly on the
Scene— Niw Rules Restricting Call
ers Go Into EffjC.
WASHINGTON, 1). C. April 13— The
White House was again a scene of polit
ical activity to-day, being the first time
sin cc Wednesday Jast that the public has
had a chance to see the President. When
the dours opened there was a b:g crowd on
hand looking for office. After 1 o'clock,
however, bat few people applied for ad
mission, as the rules restrictinc callers to
morning hours went into effect for the
first time. Only persons with whom the
Presi ient makes appointments will be re
ceived afternoons.
Several appointments were made to
day but not sent to the Senate. A large
batch of nominations will probably be
sent to-morrow, when it is believed the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs will be
named. This place seems to have been
allotted to ex- Representative P.ckler of
Scuth Dakota. He was at the Interior
Department this afternoon and had a long
conference with Secretary Bliss.
benator Platt called early, bringing up
the question of the successor of New
York's Postmaster, Dayton, and of As
sistant Treasurer Jordan.
Hanna and his colleague, Foraker, were
among other callers. The latter was be
sieged by omce-seekers laboring under the
delusion that he has some magic influence
with the President.
It was reported this afternoon that the
successor of Wade Hampton a* Railroad
Commissioner would soon be named.
General Hampton has been lying nt
death's door for the past fortnight, bul is
now better.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Representative Loud Does Not Intend to
Resign From Congress and Seek
the Postmastership.
WASHINGTON. D. U, April 13.— 1t is
reported in the California colony here
that Representative Loud will oppose the
appointment of Joe Spear as Surveyor of
the Port. The Call correspondent en
deavored to see Mr. Loud to-night, but
was not successful. Therefore, until the
Congressman is heard from, the report
may be regnrded merely as an idle rumor.
The nomination of James Martin of
Vermont to be Assistant S cretary of War
settles the fate of Colonel 11. G. Otis. It
was given out some time ago that no u■■
sistant eecrearies would be appointed
from any State that had a representative
in the Cabinet, but Colonel Otis' friends
still clung to the belief tl.at President Me-
Kiuiey would finally reward him by ten
dering him this appointment. Colonel
Oiis was not a candidate for any office,
and is not now. Nevertheless, if the Pres
ident had complimented him with this
appointment ne would have accepted. It
is tue understanding among t lie Califor
niana here, however, that President Mc-
K.nley feeis very gratelul toward Colonel
Otis for the valuable services performed
by him before and during ttia campaign,
and will soon offer him some post of
honor.
Senator Perkins to-night received a tele
gram from Louis Parrott, vice-president
of the Chamber of Commerce, respect
fully urging him to give especial attention
to ii:e protest against the abrogation of
the Hawaiian treaty. The protest ia now
on its way.
Senator Perkins was asked by The Call
correspondent to-night for his opinion as
to the probable passage of Senator Nel
son's biU, introduced to-day, providing
for the treaty's abrogation. He said he
had no means of knowing the disposition
of the Senator* upon this subject, but
would give the matier his immediate at
tention.
There seems to be no truth in a report
printed in S.ui Francisco to the effect that
Representative Loud will resign his seat
in the House if lie can be appointed Post
master to succeed McCoppin when the
latter's term expires. It was stated in the
newspaper article that Mr. Loud realized
that he would have a hard right for re
nomination to Congress and would ask
for the Postmastcrship. Mr. Loud is not
thinking of such a step. He will con
tinue in Congress as long as his con
stituents desire to keep him there. He
has now reached a point where he is
a commanding and conspicuous figure in
the House of Representatives. He enjoys
not only the confidence and intimate
friendship of SpeaKer Heed, but of all the
leaders on the Republican side. He is
chairman of one of the most important
committees of the House and is recog
nized as one of the strong characters in
that body, and has no desire to leave Con
gress so long as his constituents wish to
honor him.
M. F. O'Donoghue of San Francisco,
one of the cuieis of the General Land Oi
rice, draws a salary of $2000 a year. His
wife is h clerk in the Navy Department.
Still O'Donoghue is not satisfied. He is
endeavoring to have Mrs. O'Donogbue
promoted to a position in the State De
partment. He ts also trying to secure for
himsei: a position as one of the assist
ants of Attorney-General McKenna in th»
Department of Justice.
George W. Bibee was ;to-day appointed
Postmaster at Sheridan, Yamhill County,
Or., vice John T. 8 mpson, removed, and
Mrs. Georgia E. Vinton at West Chebo
lem, Yamhill County, vice Sarah A. Gro
ver, removed ; W. H. Butler at Fairfield,
Wash., vice Jam^s A. Ljw, resigned.
Representative Hilt-.orn has decided to
recommend Newton Gray for Postmaster
at Eimliurst, Alameda County, Cal.
J. B. Tyrrell of Oakland is i candidate
for an appointment in the Supervising
Architect'^ office of the Treasury Depart
ment.
JAP AX AX It HAWAII.
Seniational A tor If Concerning the Two
Hoi emment* Jt.jr plained.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13— The
Japanese legation has received advices
from Tokio and Hawaii which discredit
tha somewhat sensational stories growing
out of the refusal of the Hawaiian Govern
ment recently to permit the landing of a
party of Japanese at Honolulu. One
hundred and foriy-six members of this
party were contract laborers, and against
the return >of these the Japanese Consul-
Genera! made no protest. But the others
were voluntary passenger*, and were ex
cluded because it was alleged they did not
possess $50 each in golu. Against this
action (he Consul entered a strong protest,
as upon investigation it was found that
they bad the requisite amount, and that
they were denied the right of employing
counsel and of appeal to the Hawaiian
courts, which is guaranted by treaty.
The officials of tbe legation detiy that
tbe situation in one threatening serious
international complications, as the only
question which can arise is one of indem
nity. The Japanese Minister says the
position of his Government should not
Rive rise to any apprehension, as the
Japanese have none but the kindest sen
timent toward that republic, and have no
designs upon its independence. But one
Japanese man-of-war has been sent to
Honolulu, and that not for the purpose of
menacing the Government, but to assist
in preserving order amonu Japanese resi
dents who might become excitea.
Trltow .Fever lirrak* Out at Panama.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 13.-The
Un;ted States Consu.-General at Panama
scut a cable message to the State Depart
ment to-day containing one word. "Yel
low." The officers &aid this meant that
yellow lever had broken out at Panama.
MORGAN ARGUES
FOR BELLIGERENCY
Cubans Have a True Friend
in the Senator From
Alabama.
Eut Action on the Joint Resolu
tion ot Recognition Is
Postponed.
Lindsay Makes an Address in Support
of the Bankrnptcy Bill Pre
pared in Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I&— The
fourlh'day's speech of Morgan in support
of his joint resolution recognizing both
sides to tlie war in Cuba as belligerents
had very few auditors on the floor of ihe
Senate to-day. At one time tue number
of Senators was reduced to five Republi
cans and nine Democrats, and even on
these few the speech iell on unheeding
ears. This was because tue speech was
read from manuscript, and because much
consisted of tesiimony, correspondence
and documents. Morgan's explanation
of the?e citations was that the Senate
could not Bfford to pass such a joint reso
!u ion without having a proper founda
tion under its feet. He had, therefore,
devoted a great deal of time in placing on
record the lacts which Dad not yet fully
ana authentically appeared, some of
which were entirely new. He claimed
he had shown in parts of his speech
already made that citizens of the United
States have been subjected to unlawful
and barbarous treatment by the Spanish;
that the rights of the United State* as a
nanon, under the treaties, have been
openly, irequently and recklessly vio
lated.
The Spanish Government, be declared,
oucht to be compelled to recognize tbe
fact that war exists in Cuba. The war
has been earned on by Spain with sword j
and torch. He expressed a fear lest |
American people would cross the Gulf of !
M -xico as the Greeks were crossing tbe
Mediterranean to avenge cruei tortures j
which only tbe Turks and Spaniards
Dould inflict upon innocent people.
"We had," he said, "France 10 help us
in our travail, but Cuba has found no
France. That Cuba will be free is written
in the stars that glow in the unfailing
light of the Southern Cross, to winch her
children turn their eyes with hope that
grows brighter an the night of their sor
rowsgrows darker."
Morgan stated that other Senators had
decided to speak to-morrow on the joint
resolution and hoped to get a vote in a
few days.
The question of retroactive duties as
provided in the Dingley bill wa& touched
upon by a report from the Treasury De
partment, stating that orders bad been ■
given Collectors of Customs on tbe sub
ject, and by a joint resolution, introduced
by Vest, declaring such orders to be with
out authority and iv.violation of the stat
utes, the matter comes up to-morrow.
Chandler introduced two bills to enable
the Government to use the armor plants
of the Bethlehem and Carnegie companies
for the manufacture of armor plate for
battleships. The bills were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Notice was given by Davis of Minnesota,
acting chairman of the Committee on I
Foreign Relations, that he would ask the I
Senate Thursday to proceed to the consid
eration of the arbitration treaty.
The bankruptcy Will navies: been taken
up, Lindsay addressed the Senate in its
defense, criticizing the substitute offered
by Nelson of Minnesota. There was noth
ing in iho committee bill, he said, which
compared in harshness with the insol
vency law of Minnesota, under which, as
Nelson had admitted, the people of that
State had lived without making com
plaints. There were twelve or thirteen
States, he added, which had involuntary
bankruptcy acts far more drastic than the
committee bill; yet Nelson's substitute
would subject debtors to those State acts.
Lindsay declared the pending bill one not
demanded by the creditor class, as bad
been suggested, but by the debtors who,
on account of general financial troubles,
were laboring undei loads of indebtedness
they coula not meet. It would be a relief
to them to ha7e a court to which they
could apply to take their property and pay
their debts, unshackling their hands bo
they might go to work again and become
useful citizens.
After a short executive session the Sen
ate adjourned until to-morrow.
The Senate confirmeJ the following
nominations: Alfred E. Buck, Georgia,
Minister to Japan; James Boyle, Ohio,
Consul to Liverpool ; Wat T. Beall, Reg
istrar of the Land Office, Leadville, Colo.;
Nathan P. Johnson, Indian Agent, Sis
seton reservation, South Dakota.
AM kXVKItIM KUTAL TASK.
To Test Miniature Warship* in the fTatlt
inoton Anry-Xnrd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.— An
experimental tank in which miniature
warships will be tested will soon be con
structed at . th% Washington Navy-yard.
The tank is the , first of the kind in this
country and the largest under cover. Its
dimensions closely approach those of the
big dry docks and its depth will be suffi
cient to float any of the; smaller cruisers.
On all sides it will be covered. It will be
just 500 feet long, 50 feet across and 14 feet
deep. Running across and close to the
water will be a earrings, upon which will
be attached a dynamo-meter to register
the resistance due to towing: a model
through i lie basin. Models, varying from
ten to twenty feet, of every new ship will
be attached to this ■ machinery, drawn
through water, the wave motion noted and
the resistance) carefully calculated. The
models will ba plain affairs and constructed
only with a view to presenting closely the
actual ; lines of the : *=hips. : • Through these
experiments it is estimated that the plans
of alltb* proposed vessels can be improved
and valuable information gathered. : Tha
cost of the tank : will be $100,000. The use
of such tanks abroad is common. The
tank will be ready in about ten months.
HKCBKTA.nX « Or. £IFI,AIXB.
Oivei Authority for JHis Circular to Col-
Irctor* of Custom*.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 13,-In re
plying to the inquiry of the Benate re
srardlng the authority for anticipating the
Dmgley bill by his circular of April 5, dl
rectinj; all collectors oi customs to delay
until further orders final liquidations of
entries of merchandise which were not
purchased or shipped prior to April 1 (the
retroactive date of the Dingley bill), Sec
retary Gage says the circular was issued
under the law authorizing him to "direct
the superintendence of collections of du
ties on imports as be shall judge best."
The order was issued, the Secretary ex
plains, '-for prudential reasons," and
while it might inure to the advantage of
the Government, it did not impair the in
terest of tbe importer or in any manner
obstruct the importation of merchandise.
rVBTStSJt .!'..»/» CB.ASQES.
Setiretnentt "and Promotions Cauge a
■A'etP -i »- tu'iinritt .O) Million*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.—
contemplated changes in the army will
can-e a further assignment of stations.
Col. [Shatter, who succeds Brigadier-Gen
eral Wheaton, is at the Ebbilt House. The
command of the Department of the Dakota
and St. Paul' was vacated by the transfer
of General Brooke to the command of the
Department of the Missouri at Chicago.
The commando! the Department of Colo
rapo at Denver will become vacant by the
retirement of Major-General . \Vh*"aton
early next month. His retirement will
also. result: in the promotion of General
Brooke to the grade of major-general and ,
the promotion of either Colonel H. C.
Merriam of the Seventh Infantry or Col
onel James F. Wade of ti.e Finn Cavalry
to the brigadier-generalship.
It is supposed that the assignment of
departmental commander w.il be deferred
until these promotions are made, and that
then General E. T. Otis, commanding the
Department of the Columbia at Vanconver,
will be transferred to the command of the
Department of Colorado at Denver; thai
General Shatter will be assigned to the
command of the Department of the
Columbia, and that the next brigadier
general appointed will be assigned com
mand of the Department of the Dakota at
St. Paul.
TO .V.V AGE I A X RED UCTIO >.
Bill Reported to the Senate by the Com
turret Ciimmittte.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.— The
tonnage tax of 3 cents a ton on vessels
from ports in North America, Central
America and the West Indies is reduced
to 2 cents by a bill reported to the Senate
by the Commerce Committee. The aggre
gate per ton per year is also reduced from
15 to 10 cent The bill also repeals recip
rocal provisions regarding tonnage tar
and lighthouse dues. This applies to the
Netherlands only, that being the only na
tion with which .reciprocal arrangements
exist. A circular bill passed the House
last session, but failed in the Senate.
1O 11ESUME lIA 11.UO a 1> BUJLItl&O
South America- Will Soon Bare a Line
/mm Atlantic to Pacific.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 13.— The
Bureau of American Republics is in
formed that there is every probability that
at the meeting of the Chilean Congress in
June terms will be mado with Grace &
Co. whereby work will be resumed in the
construction of the Chilean section of the
Trans-Andine Railroad., There remain
tut a few miles of the road to be built, but
the work involves heavy tunneling in the
Andes range. When completed there
will be all-rail connection between Buenos
Ayrps on the Atlantic and Valpariso on
the Pacific.
Ansiatant Beer*tnry of War.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.—
James H. Martin of Brattle boro. Vt., will
be appointed Assistant Secretary of War,
probably to-morrow. He is not kn^wn to
Alger, but is highl; recommended by tbe
V ermont Senators.
Will JHnin'nin J<« Organization
NEW YORK. N. V., April 'l3. —The
Joint Traffic Association at a meeting to
day resolved to maintain it 3 organization
despite the trans-Missouri decision, "be
lieving that under our agreement we are
acting in the public interest, and are con
serving and protecting tbe interstate
commerce of toe country from demorali
zation fatal to legitimate business and its
prosperity, and that we ure carrying out
and enforcing the letter and spirit of the
interstate commerce act."
J^W^TO-DAY^CLOTHING.^^
GOLD WATCHES FREE!
■ .' • ' ■ t *;
A Handsome Oold-filled Stem-winding and Setting, American Lever
Movements, open face or hunting case Watch (lady's or gentle-
man's) FREE WITH EVERY PURCHASE of Men's and Boys'
Clothing, Furnishing Goods and Hats amounting to $20 and upward.
Do mom ho m PKICES HAVE BEEN CUT IN EVERY
ntJiilnlliUti!, department.
Men's Suits, formerly sold at $15, now sell at $8.45
Men's Overcoats, formerly sold at '$15, now ;
sell at ....... . ....... ........ ....... . . $8.45
ioo styles of Plain and Fancy Dress Pants
for spring and summer, from $ I -65 to 55.00
Sold everywhere for 56 per cent more.
EASTER SPECIALTIES !
Boys' All-wool Suits, sizes 12 to 19 years,
regular price $7 —
% Easter Price $4.85
- Boys' Confirmation Suits, regular price $1 £— •■
Easter Price $8.45
' Boys' Suits, sizes £ to 14 years, regular price
$1 so— Easter Price $1.65
Boys' Suits, sizes 5 to 14 years, regular price
$?.oo— Easter Price $3.45
A large variety of Plain and Fancy Shirt Waists for less than you
can make them for. Come early and avoid he rush. V
■.'.'-'■'.■"■" ]-C- :■ .■'.■'',.'■,'■"' .'■'.' •■ .'", .""■■'■•■ "... "••■ -'
MM ERFI EL D & ROM
COR. FIFTH & MARKET STS. -
SEE THE WATCHES IN OUR WINDOW.
MICHAEL HENRY
STAYS AT HOME
Foreign Climate Would Not
Agree With the Genial
Ds Young.
Representative Loud Puts a
Spike in the 0 fice-Seeker's
Political Co fin.
Gives the President Good Reasons
Why the N wspaper Publisher
Should Not Be Sent Abroad.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.-
Michael H. de Young thinks tie is
mr.king a still bunt for a foreign
mission, but it is not as still as
he thinks, for Representative Loua
is after him with a snarp stick. Mr. de
Young thought at first that he would like
to go to Rome, but was disappointed in
this. He now has his eye on Russia or
Belgium or "something equally as eood."
He would prefer Brussels as his seat of
residence for the next four years, as the
climate at St. Petersburg is a little too
colJ. Brussels is said to be the gayest
city in the world, excepting Paris. Mr.
Loud — alway solicitous about the welfare
of his friend De Young— thinks that Brus
sels would be a little too gay for Micnael,
while St. Petersburg would be a little too
cold. He has therefore said to the Presi
dent that in his opinion Mr. de Yaung
had better be kept at home. He gave the
President some good reasons why the San
Francisco newspaoer man should not rep
resent the United States abroad. George
Knight and George Heazleton are on the
ground doing wbat they can to promote
Mr. de Youiv's interest.
It is said that President McKinley has
been willing to recognize De Young in
some way, and it remains to be seen wbai
effect Congressman Loud's protest will
have. It has been filed at the White
House.
Cuvniniihmn Hold for Trial.
WICHITA, Kans., April 13.— J. V. Cun
ningnam's preliminary examination
closed Saturday and he was bound ov«r to
appear before the D. strict Court to answer
for murder in the first degree. His bond
was fixed at $10,000, which was promptly
filled and approved and he waa released.
The defense claims to have more evi
dence behind th:tt will ciear him in tbe
District or Supreme Court. The greatly
chanced sentiment in Cunningham's
favor is growing, and very few people are
to ba found who do not believe that
Cunningham acted only in self-deiense.
Judymtnt AgittMtt Aclrest Heauitrt.
HELENA. Most, April 13.—McCon
nel, Gunn & Ciayborg hare received
judgment by default against Actress
Louise Beaudet for $1653. The plaintiffs
were her lawyers in her,breacli-of-contract
suit against Daniel Bandmann. Miss
Beaudet obtained judgment against de
fendant in that suit. The lawyers
sued to recover $1000 fees and money ad
vanced during toe trial.
HEW TO-DAY.' v
LIVINGSTON
BROS.'
Special
Sale
OF 1 •
Imported
Dimities
For This Week. .
000000000000
■
Commencing To-Day we
place on sale
500 Pieces
— op — —
Imported
Dimities
In all new, choice designs,
the regular 25c quatity,
At |5c peryd -
These goods are positively
the greatest value ever of-
fered in this city.
000000000000
See Our Show Windows.
I LIVINGSTON 1
I BROS., I
g 123 to 129 POST ST. §
Cfl fIJULB gSiig 0 0 ,P, 6 fI & Q QJULSJULSLjLJ
I ' GREAT §
! % c^.i
1 OP THE.AQB' |
A FAMILY 111 1
'; Which is an external and internal ' '
, I remedy without an equal. : j
2 NO! m PREPARATION, BDT ORE I
I - ■ THAT HAS STOOD THE-TUI OF OVER 5
I ...I QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
j ; Thousands of persons all ♦
;; over the United States ±
j; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- |
| tin's Pain Curer and are |
j; never without it. 1
<> ~ 0
< • The Curer is free from all Injurious 4 .
■ ; and poisonous properties, and is en-' ' '
( i tirely vegetable in its composition. It J ]
' ' tones up and strengthens the system, < •
; ; purifies the blood, expels bad matter ' '
( ) from the organs of the body generally, \
< | promotes digestion, regulates the appe- < ■
■ [ tite and secures a healthy state of the < '
( ) system and its various functions. Taken < ,
' ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, < ■
[ { it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ' [
I t by promoting hsalthfal action of the ( \
' *\ akin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, 4 •
! j bowels. l<rer, kidneys, bladder, spleen, | \
i I spinal cAfflDi and the whole nervous ( |
' ' system. It is also especially always < •
1 I WOMAN'S FRIKND, and is unequaled \ '
I FOR THE PREVENTION AND GORE i I
0 —OF- <l
1 I Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in J |
4 » General, Boirel Complaints, Dys- , ,
J I pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor- i I
!|| bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, | J
4 ► Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous < >
,< ' Complaints, Disease of the Stom- < -
q aoh and Bowels Generally, Liver ] |
♦ Complaints, Kidney Complaints, 4 .
i > Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs," ( >
1 i Local and General Debility, Head- | ,
4 ► ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- i •
|| ness in Stomach. Backache, Bums, 4
|| Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, | ,
' ► Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, . i> .
I I <ca!d*. Wounds, Costivanesa, In- 4 [
i\ digostion, Skin Diseases, Exces- , j ,
' * ' sire ' Ttohlngs and many other < ■
\l complaints too numerous to name J '
( I here. In a word, the great Pain | 1
* * Curer of the Age ia an unequaled *>*
J! family remedy. . v
jI . :.:.'' ; "-' — ■ " 1 1
5 Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, !• >
1 1 L. CALLISCH, Wbolcbale Agent lor J .
a the Pacific Coast, San Jose.Cal. ' '
* For sale by all druggists. The trade %
m supplied by Redington <& Co., Mack <a>
+ & Co. and Langiey & Michaels. San es
Q Francisco. ■' . «
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. fUILLIfS. ATTOKNET -AT.
V/ Law and I Notary Public, 638. Marker, at., oaa'>
site Palace Hotel. Tclepboua »70. Kesideacsi itZli
ttil Mini. Xei«Bh.»JU - Him _••. 2981. r T ■?}. *~T-WARSHIP OREGON
BADLY DAMAGED
With a Falling Tide, the
Vessel Settles Upon a
Sunken Rock.
One of the Piates on the Port
Side Indented and Many
Rivets Loosened.
The Hidden Reef Located at the En
trance of the Port Orctard
Drydock.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 13.— More or
less serious damages were sustained on
Sunday by the Government battle-ship Or
egon. With a receding tide it settled
upon a hidden rock at the entrance to the
Placet Sound naval station drydock, and,
notwithstanding every effort to get it off,
the vessel hung hard and fast upon the
sunken reef for two hours. At least one
of the plates somewhere on the port side
was bent and indented and many rivets
were loosened, but the Oregon was rescued
from its perilous position before springing
aleak.
The Oregon steamed up to the mouth of
the drydoct at high noon. Naval Con
structor Cappa intended to doct it at that
hour, but finally decided, in order to in
sure perfect safety, to wait for a higher
tide. Meanwhile tsie lines were thrown
out and t;ie battle-ship was moored near
the entrance. Thousands of visitor^,
lured thither by the report that the mon
ster war piece was goinc to be placed upon
the blocks, walked up and down the shores
admiring this one of tbe nation's finest
floating forts. The crowds dispersed and
soon the tides began to flow outward.
Just at 4 o'clock it was discovered that
tbe vessel was settling upon something,
and that it was upon a substance firmer
than sand. The report spread throughout
the ship with lightning rapidity. There
was great excitement for a few minutes.
Orders were given to try to pull the battle
ship off, the officers in charge believing
tbe obstruction might be a snag.
The effort was made, but in vain. Sev
eral other attempts demonstrated to the
entire satisfaction of the commander that
the Oregon could not be released save only
by an effort which would tear off one or
more plates, causing a leak which would
in all probability sink the ship. He de
sisted, but tbe battle-ship clung tenacious
ly the rock until 6 o'clock, when the tide
rose sufficiently to float it in safety.
Seven hour 3 later, at 1 o'clock Monday
morning, trie Oregon was successfully
docked. Neither the exact location nor
t he iull extent of the damage can be ascer
tained until to-morrow, as the vessel's
sides are being cleaned as it is pumped
out.
The discovery of this reef in such a lo
cality was a great surprise to the naval
station officials, as many soundings were
taken during the construction of tnedock,
*i>e BbsJtcvre'i depth found at extreme low
tide being twenty-six feet, whereas 3 the
Oregon draws only twenty-four.
REPAIRS WILT, BIZ COSILJ.
The Oregon Slay Be Kent to the Britith
Work* at Etijmtnali.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.— Word
reached the Navy Department to-day th&t
the battle-ship Oregon grounded on Puget
Round shoal last night. How badly the
vessel was injured is not known. Secretary
Long will not make public the text of the
dispatch from Captain Whiting, which,
however, does not indicate the extent of
the damage. He is waiting for a rrp irt of
the result of the examination at the Puget
Sound station, and is hoping that this wili
show the injuries to be slight. If the
damage is of such a character that the
battle-ship cannot proceed to srvme dry
dock other than at Bremerton the situa
tion is pretty serious, for the facilities for
repairing there are meager and a great
outlay of money may be necessary to pur
chase and establish machinery to put the
vessel in good condition.
One bit of consolation contained in
Whiting's message is that the ship is not
leaking. Whiting said the Oregon had
suffered a bending of frames and keei
j'laies and sustained other injuries of a
character believed to be serious. He
hoped to get the vessel in the drydock to
day, ao a complete examination could be
made. The Oregon was on its way to the
drydock when it went aground. It was to
have been its first experience out of water
since it left the stocks, and great interest
hmd been shown by naval officers in the
operation of docl:in~ the huge and valua
ble mass of iron and steel.
The aDsence of repair shops at. Bremer
ton is the most serious feature of t.ie Ore
con's misfortune. Unsuccessful efforts
have been made to secure an appropria
tion for repairing the plant, both for hulls
and machinery. It has been nrguod by
tiioae who favored the establishment of a
plant that there was no economy in hav
ing a naval station vf itnout the facilities
for making the necessary repairs.
The British Government lias a drydock
and repairing plant at Esquimau' the
NEW TO-DAY.
"We are three"—
Baking Powder
has companions-
uniform with it in
absolute purity
and excellence.
They are
-■ ./■■ ll ™" l \ •■■ .• •; ..M ; - r :
Spices and Fla-
voring Extracts.
MB Tilimana & Bendel, Mfr§
nearest available place to put the Oregon
in sea shape again. If the injuries are
serious it is not improbable the Navy De
partment will apply to Great Britain for
permission to have them corrected at E*
quimalt, provided tho Oregon is in condi
tion to make the trip to that point. The
Oregon s commander, Capt. \. S. Barker.
is, under the regulation?, responsible for
the safety of the vessel. He will un
doubtedly follow the usual course and ask
for a court of inquiry.
BARHAM AT SANTA ROSA.
The Congressman Scys California Will
Not Lose Through the New Tar ft
Schedule.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 13 —Con
gressman John A. Barham and family re
turned from Washington last night, pro
fessional business having called him
horn". He is paired on political Questions
and is not certain when he will return to
the capital. He is in splendid health,
having gained twen'v pounds during his
live months' absence.
Mr. Barham sueaks very hopefully in
regard to tariff legislation and does not
believe that any changes in the schedule
detrimental to California will be made by
the Senate.
"And California is on the schedule,
too, from raint to prunes.' said Mr. Bar
ham to a Call representative, "as we huve
a perfect right to be, having in our great
State almost every industry. Right here
in Sonoma County," he continued, "we
have the finest paint mine in the country,
but we must have protection to develop
it."
Speaking of the administration, the
Congressman grew enthusiastic and said
that it was democratic in the true *euse
of the word; that the President was a
nioj-l affable and approachable man. who
needed no bodyguard— a man of the
people, devoted to tue welfare ot ttie
country and its people. The administra
tion would uphold the civil service laws
unless violated under the previous ad
ministration, and in that event those who
profited by the violation would not be
permitted to retain their offices. Those
who came into ollice re^uiariy would not
be disturbed without cause, so the Con
gressman declared, but the others would
be decapitated as rapidly as possible.
Mr. Barham seeru* to believe the Nica
ragua canaiis one of the possibilities of
the near future.
SURREMiERS At SZVCKTOM.
iounj Stan nito llaiinn Be Is a Mit
nouri l.tnb' - r r
STOCKTON. Cal., April 13.— C. O. Gor
don, a neatly dressed young man about 26
years of age, waked into Sneriff Cunning
barn's office this afteruoon and said he
wanted to give himself up. Gordon said
that he bad been the agent of the Ameri
can Express Company at Bethel, Mis
souri, and that on January 19 last he had
fled from that place because he was short
fomething like $1000 in his accounts. He
came westward uml has been in California
for •several moiuhs. Finally his money
pave out and he could find no work. He
lived a pace that soon dissipated what he
took from the express company, and he
founa himself in Stockton without a
cent. For two days he waiked übout
without be:ng at) c to got anyining to eat,
and finally concluded that it was heiter
to give himself up and face the conse
quences of his wrongloing rather than to
starve in a strangi- land.
Sheriff Cunningh <m lia* telegraphed to
the head of t c Aniercan Express Com
pany at St. Ljuis, and if Goidon is wante t
for the crime he claims he has com
mitted he will be held liefe until the
proper authorities arrive and conduct
him back to the scene of his misdoings.
CHAP <• A3l / <• AT TACOMA.
Merchant Who a* Fleeced Jteeoetrs
Bin Money in Court.
TACOMA, Wash., April 13.— Samuel
Andrews, a Pacific-avenue merchant, has
played craps more or less regularly at th 9
Kentucky saloon, usually winning. One
night last week he lost, paying $80 cash
and several hundred dollars in checks.
Andrews alleged unfair play and "crooked
bones," causing a melee in which 4 lie se
cured one check and tote it up. His
friends claim tie then ascertained thai t.ie
i dice in use were not perfect cubes, giving
[ the hou«e an advantage of 100 per cent in
stead of the regulation 417 per cent.
Last evening Andrews began civi 1 action
against the proprietors to recover $80. and
a criminal action against ;he dealer. An
interesting trial* was expected until the
case was settled to-day by the "bouse"
paying the $30 and coats, and the suits
were dismissed. The police and Mayor
Orr are investigating.
Gambling-houses are now practically li
censed by a monthly tine system, but
the authorities claim all games must be
played "on the square." ,';,;"
LOS A.\GELt.S FIESIJ. .PX-4-V*.
*ov»l Teiture*' l-.ntrred.fnr the Annual
Floral Farads,
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. April 13.—En
tries for floral-Jay parade are coming in
rapidly, and la fiesta committees are kept
busy assigning positions. This morning
three six-in-hands were entered from Pasa
dena by Secretary F. P. Boynton of the
Board of Trade of that city. They will
represent the high school, the Throop
Club, the Tuesday Evening Club and Mi~s
Orton's Girls' Classical School.
}'amj>;>s plumes will be a feature of the
floral parade, as tiiere has been a class
designated for such decorations, in which
there will be three prizes of $100. and
$10. Muny entries have been received,
ilie Americus Club of Pasadena will have
its new uniforms of white and gold in
u'me for the occasion, as well as the cos
tumes for its band, which will consist of
eighty pieces. The club will carry an iru
niense floral banner, which will be one of
tne fratures of the procession.
'lhat clever soprano, Mme. Genevra
Johnstone-Bishop, is engaged for the
liesta concert next week.
SIOCKTOX'S FAST BTMAMISIUF.
Tlana for the Aew Vettel to Jtun to Ban
JFranel'co.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 13 —The board
of directors of the California Navigation
and Improvement Company will on next
Friday examine and pass upon plans fora
fast boat to ply between Stockton and San
Francisco. Manager Corcoran of the com
pany tays that the vessel, if built, can
make the tup to the metropolis in live
hours. mSSESBA
Tiie plans show a steamer with tnree
tiersof staterooms— a stern-wheeler which,
to the uneducated eyo, looks as if it were
not built so much for speed as for tue pur
pose of carrying all the j.assencers po^sl
ole. it will be of only thirty feet beam,
but will have a length of 200 feet. It will
make the round trip every twenty-four
hours, leaving here in the evening and re
turning the next afternoon.
G«re» a Pnr* to Lot Angrlr*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 13.— James
Irvine, owner of the great San Joaquin
ranch, in Orange County, has donated 160
acres to the county for park purposes.
This Includes the celebrated picnic resort
in Santiago Canyon. The gift occasioned
much surprise, as the donor has had
many differences with the county au
thorities. There are no strings to the
gift, the only proviso being that the tract
be kept for park purpose-.
Treaturrr of Sacramento County.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April "13. —a. S.
Greenlaw was elected by the Board of
Supervisors of this county to-day to the
position of County Treasurer as the suc
cessor oJ the late Edward I. Lyon, whose
funeral was held on Sunday last. ' There
were four aspirants for the position, and
Greenlaw wab elected on the second ballot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
FIRST WEDDING
IN RANDSBURG
Gala Event in the Famed
Mining Camp on
the Desert.
Entire Population, Headed by a
Band. Parades Behind the
Principals.
Frer-Hearttd Citizens Give Liberally
of Town Lots, Furniture and
Provisions-
RANDSBURG, Cal., April 13,— During
the brief history of this flourishing min
ing camp all sorts of important events
have taken place, including births, deaths
ana wedding?, but the historian oi the
camp was compelled to wait patiently
until the evening of the 12th day of April,
189", for an opportunity to record an
event of the latter nature.
Some time ago E lgar Scott fell a
victim to Cupid's dart and a few days ago
it was announced in camp that he would
lead Miss Louie Van Norman, one of
Randsburg's fair ones, to the altar and
make of her a blushing bride. This being
the first wedding in the camp prepara
tions on a scale in proportion to the impor
tance of the event were at once begun. The
skating rink, the largest hall in the camp,
was engaged, and, though it is in the
heart of the Mojave Desert, it was con
verted into a veritable bower ot loveliness.
Wild flowers in profusion decked the
walls on all sides. A railed platform at
one end of the hall was converted into an
altar and flowers were pi!ed in profusion
around and upon it, while suspended over
head hung a large floral bell.
To spread far and wide the news that
Raudsburg was to nave a wedding the fol
lowing posters were printed and scattered
about:
ATTENTION, CITIZENS!
Rakdsbfrg Will Celebrate Her First
Wedding on Monday SVJUUAO,
April 1-.
MR. EDGAR SCOTT
AND
MISS LOTTIE VAN NORMAN
Will be united in marriage at the Ska
ting Rink at 7r. m. The hearty co-oper
ation of every cit zen of Randsburg and
vicinity is solicited to make this a memor
able event in the history of our camp.
A procession composed of the bridal
party, city officials, miners, tradesmen
and citizens will form at ♦> p. m. on upper
Butte avenue, and proceed down Butte
avenue to Rand, up Rand to Broadway,
down Broadway to Butte avenue, up Butte
avenue to the rink. The ceremony will
be performed by Judge Maginnis, after
which a reception will be tendered the
couple. The guests will be entertained
during the evening with a suitable pro
gramme, j'
PROGRAMME.
1. Street parade.
2. Wedding ceremony.
3. Reception.
4. Address by Chairman Clarke.
5. Toasts— "Our Camp, Its Past, Pres
ent nnd Future Possibilities" ; "Our Coun
try"; music, vocal and instrumental;
"Our Homes"; "Our Ladies"; grand bar
becue; moonlight burro race on Butte
avenu-; grand ball at rink, commencing
at 11:30 p. m. ; grand floral decorations.
W. W. Clarke,
Chairman of Committee.
H. E. de Remer, Secretary.
Promptly at 6 o'clock last evening the
wedding parade started for the hall
and marched through the principal
streets. The bride and groom were in a
coach and four, preceded by a band
and followed by the entire populace. On
arriving at the- h.-.li they alighted and
marched down to the altar and took their
positions under the floral bell, where Jus
tice Maginnis awaited them and in a few
words sracefully tied the knot that made
them one. Fully 150 couples were assem
bled to witness the ceremony. -
Following the custom of all prosperous
mining camps the bride and groom were
presented with a town lot and a complete
outfit for housekeeping and provisions
for the first six months of their wedded
life. One enterprising physician donated
six months' professional services.
During the entire night a large portion
of tde camp's population continued the
celebration in honor of the first wedding
on the Rand.
siOlir Of 3tV Hit EX DBSIZD.
Oroundlesa Report of the Killinff of
Ihr»* Men A'ear ftallarat.
RANDSBURG, Cai,., April 13.— Several
prospectors who arrived from Ballarat
last night deny the story that three men
were found dead in Dsath Valley. The
story of the triple murder by Panamint
Tom is without foundation.
On Saturday Ed Reid returned from
Ballarat and made the Btatoment that a
prospector had come into the new camp
with t lie news that three dead men were
found in Death Valley, about forty miles
from Ballarat, and the supposition wes
that they were shot by Fanamint Tom.
Reid thought the murdered men were
Ilh ay, Han born and Davis, the three
Colorado prospectors who were sent »nt
by local capitalists. The men had a four
horse load of provisions lhat would last at
least six months.
Early on Sunday morning the residents
of Rand<-Durg were startied at hearing that
William J. Langdon, Louis Goldsmith
and a man named Parker were killed near
Pansmint.
Every endeavor was made to show that
Langdon's party could not have been near
there, as it had left Randsburg only last
Thursday, and could not have reached
Ballarat. eighty miles distant, before Fri
day evening. Several of the late arrivals
saw and spoke to the members of the
Ltingdon party late Friday evening, and
Langdon was then going to his camp,
about six miles above Ballarat. Pana
mint Tom was in Baltarat on Saturday,
and took dinner with Charles H. Treat!
one of the men who arrive here last night!
William J. Langdon was one of the
original discoverers of Randsburg and has
a large circle of friends. Many telegrams
have been received here since the report
went out that he had been killed. These
friends may now rest reassured that he is
still among the living.
Haerantfilo linclnt) Filly Killed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 13.— The
racing stable of George K. Rider met with
a severe loss to-day in ihe dea;h of a
three-year-oid St. Andrews filly, which
was killed in a try-out at Agricultural Park
prior to shipment to ban Francisco, where
she was to run her maiden race at Ingle
side. While running on the working
track the filly crowdei into the fence, ue
suite every effort of her jockey to keep her
off, and ran against a projecting scantling
which penetrated her body. The jockey
received a bid fall, resulting in a com
pound fracture of one of his legs. The
animal was valued at $1500.
OVATION TO FIIZSIMMONS.
New Yorkers Go Wila Over the Champion
of Champions, Woo Tells How He
Won ihe Fght.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 13,-Fitz
simmons was received here to-day with
great pomp. The champion came from
Washington. With Fitz immons were his
wife and baby, Ernest Roeber and John
HicKey. Long before the hour scheduled
for his arrival a surging crowd had gath
ered at the foot of Liberty-street ferry.
Fitzsimmons' appearance was the signal
for one loud cheer, which lasted several
minutes. He was compelled to doff his
hat time and again. The Sixty-ninth
Regiment band, on a tailyho decoiated
with Hags, led tha procession; Fiizsim
mons, in a barouche gayly decorated, car
riages bearing friends and standard-bear
ers carrying a huge Ha-: inscribed "Cham
pion, of (Juampiong, Welcome Home,"
following.
At the notel Fitzsimmoni' was escorted
to the balcony and the whole party was
introduced singly to the cheering crowd.
Mrs. Fitzsimmons was all smiles. The
crowd recognised her at a glance, and
after cheering lustily they called upon
her for a speech. Hhe simply waved her
band and said, "Thank you." Bob d.d
not cay anything, although urged by
Julian. In a room, however, he had this
to say :
"1 have not retired from the ring by
any means, lam still young and strong
enougn 10 defend the championship and
will keep in the ring until I see that I am
going back. The lalt about Corbett
meeting me again is all bluff. He doesn't
mean to tight me any more than my baby
does. He's a stiff; that's what he is.
The only thing he has in his favor is
cleverness. He can't punch a little bit,
and 1 wouldn't be afraid to tie mv hands
behind my back aud allow Corbett to
punch away until he got good and tired.
"It makes me smile to see now groggy
I was during the fight and how near I
came to getting licked in the sixth round.
The truth is I beat Corbett with one hand.
About four days before the fight I was at
tacked witti rheumatism of the rigut
arm. My Jeft hand wits in good shape,
and while sparring with my trainers I
had to use this hand exclusively. In the
first round of the fight I broke trie thumb
of the right hand oi Corbett's head.
After this the hand <ras useless and I had
to defend myself and punch entirely with
the left. Corbett simply nit and jumped
away. He was afraid to fight, for had he
done so be would have been settled
earlier.
"Tho blow which knocked him was
a left-handed swing for his btomach.
1 put Sharkey out the same way. As to
whether 1 will meet Corbett again I will
say this much: He must go ahead and
whip every man he told me to lick before
1 not a crack at him."
Manager Julian said that Fitzsimmons
would rest about six months and possibly
go to loroign lands this summer.
JtILEY OR iX.\AX'S VICTORY.
The J-'amou* Plunger ; Restored to Ante
lorl; Track Vriril*r,ei.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 13.— Plunger
Riley Grannan comes out ahead in his
bitter and persistent fight against the
Jockey Club which ruled him off tracks
under its jurisdiction for presenting $500
to Jockey Taral after winning a race. The
appellate division of the Supreme Court
to-day handed down a decision reversing
ttiai of tbe lowe- court, which dissolved a
lemporary injunction received by Gran
nan. The Appellate Court holds ihat be
rule under which Grannan wus excluded
is utterly void.
Fought Aear VaUrJo.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 13.— At Burns 1
sporting park, baif a miie from town, a
sparring matcb took place last night be
tween Billy Lewis and Patsy Brennan. It
was won by the latter, Lewis yielding in
tbe ninth round, as his left arm had been
broken between the wrist and elbow dur
itiK the second round. Lewis bad struck
Brennati la tbe ribs aiui rushed him to
ihe ropes, where they fell to the floor
with Lewis' arm doubled up under Bren
nan. ThoUßb suffering greatly Lewis did
not let it become known that his arm was
broken, but continued 0:1 wit:i the fight
to the ninth round, doing ail of the lead
ing with his right.
Garden City Athletic Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 13.— The Gar
den City AtnJelic Club was oreanized to
night. Tbe following offioen were elected :
President, Dr. L. B. \Vood ; vice-president,
William McMeeken; secretary, Waldo
Lowe; treasurer, (Jus Scnoenheit. Di
rt ctors—W. M. Ladd, W. A. McCormack.
C. E. Breid, Dr. Walter Scnoenheit. Sev
enty members signed the roil.
SX.W TO-DAT.'
jfT^ i oaby is one of the
fl^^ joys of young
motherhood. The
/J^Sb^F iW bab bath is
/^l&Kg3fß^l\ the pleasantest
k'^AsSßZlffl^ ' feature of the
j^^wn^*»^M « when the baby
/&A*~ "^^STijLzTeboth. healthy.
■WTO *"* W&f~ ure can br gotten
1)1 * * &fjz& out °f bathing a
/ili^J^illl the mother isQit
get much
JkWj_JmJP? Healthy mothers,
•a. 't^^jm^' " who. are careful,
** - always have
healthy babies. Weak women sometimes
have healthy babies, but the chances are
against it. Every woman «*ati have
healthy, happy children if she will take
proper care . of herself. . . Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription is what she needs. It
cures the weaknesses and diseases pecul-
iar to women. It makes perfect women
of them — capable of ; maternity.
,Its use obviates the dreaded, and gener-
ally useless, physicians ', " examinations "
and stereotyped ' ' local treatments. " It is
the only medicine 'for women sold by
druggists, s devised by a regularly edu-
cated, experienced, and skillful specialist
in these diseases, and its sale exceeds the
combined sales of all other medicines ad-
vertised for this class of maladies. Taken
' during : the period of pregnancy, it pre-
pares the whole' womanly organism : for
Its 1 time of trial and. danger. It practi-
cally does away with the danger ana with
nearly all of the pain. ' *
" Women who care to know all about the "Fa-
vorite Prescription, V - and all ■ about their own
physical being, and the best way to take care of
' it, should send 21 one-cent stamps to pay for the
mailing only of a free copy of Dr. Pierces great
1,008 pajje illustrated Common Sense Medical Ad-
' viser. World's ' Dispensary Medical Association,
I Jo. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
BRUSHES-?* ass Its1 ts
flyers. flourmlUs, foundries, laundries, pawS
hangers, ■ printers, painters, shoe factories, uahia-
; Bio, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc ~~«w
Br , .„ BUCHANAN- BROS.,
Brash Manufacturers. «o» bacrinaentoSfc
; • . , - ■ HEW; TO-DAY— CLOTHING. \ \ «
An Emphatic Triumph.
OtR Great Tariff Sale of
Clothing a Success Unprecedented.
"•'**jt'f-- - A decisive victory over competition that again proves this
m I^^ house the foremost in all Frisco in low price making.
fig *M A The opening days of the great sale were wonder days.
i sfmk* if The clerks, the staff already increased two-fold, working
/™^ 1/ f\ like beavers. The rattle of calls and the clang of the flying
jf%^§ II cash was heard clear into the street, where it attracted
m^^SJf throngs of people, who stopped to view the busy scene.
HF^*"tj£; Our ware houses are jammed to the doors. Money,
m\ fr'X Money, MONEY we must have— and quick— to. meet our
Mil \ obligations at the banks and to guard against the tremendous
ml ml J[ tariff increase on wool. Prices are no object; profits' are
WW *^ thrown to the winds. Look over this tempting bargain
Teast. - . .
y
Jf_f\ ft A Fifteen hundred single and double
L I breasted suits in cassimeres, cheviots,
|0U -I— tweeds and worsteds. Worth every
. cent of $12, the regular price. Sale
price $6. Guaranteed pure wool.
(Advertised low prices without the support-
ing crutches of style and quality are meaning-
less. Our prices are "right," our quality is
guaranteed.)
Aa r(\ Five thousand cutaway and sack suits
\U Til in serges, tweeds, cassimeres and wor-
WW __ * teJs - Lined with Farmer's satin and
elegantly tailored. Former price $17.
Sale price $8.50. Guaranteed pure wool.
(When you buy here you don't require the
services of a Philadelphia lawyer to assist
you. Every article is marked in plain figures.)
fir/
We are not content with simply living in Rome and doing as
the Romans do — we must lead.
mk It is all right for others to have a few leaders and half-way
bargains, but during this great Tariff Sale of Clothing we have made
everything a leader, reducing our entire stock , one-half from the regular
selling price.
Bear in mind that this sale lasts only until sufficient money has
been realized to meet our obligations.
Quality and economy both bid you buy quickly now. ; Remember,
■ every suit and overcoat, no matter at what price sold, we guarantee to
keep in repair one year free of charge. No other house does this— no
other house can do this.
. .. . Come while the feast is in full blast and get your share of it
• . Downtown store only. Look out for our fake imitators: :
C<3l_.XJ3Vr:i3l^A.3>X WTOOLiEN HVEIXjXjS
54 MARKET STREET,
Directly Opposite Sansome. Mail Orders filled during this sale.
By special request we will keep opan evenings until 8 o'clock during this sale. Satyr-,
days until 10 P. M."
#}l m QP Five hundred single and double breasted
Qj sack suits in new fabrics and in all the
|D I__ latest shades. Every detail of the
linings and trimmings matches the pre-
vailing tone of the fabrics. The regular price of
these suits is $9. Sale price $4.85. Guaranteed
pure wool.
(We acknowledge no competition. The
simple, plain talk of the mighty dollar is our
great argument.)
Af AP Seven hundred and fifty single and
\n _\_\ double breasted suits in shades of
U/^ _____ browns, Havanas, slates and over-
plaids. Excellently lined, strongly
sewed. Never sold for less than $10. Sale price
$5.65. Guaranteed pure wool.
(Ours is a bright, fresh stock at prices
worthy of the day, worthy of our fame, and,
above all, worthy of our customers.)
(f| 4 f% fi(> We are overstocked with a line of
\ I j.y about 15,000 cutaway and sack
||) I U suits. Fancy Scotch cheviots in
the new brown, gray and olive
shades in innumerable combinations of checks, plaids
and mixtures. Also clay worsteds, cassimeres, etc.
They must go. Former price $20. Sale price $10.
Guaranteed pure wool.
(No business is built upon a surer foun-
dation than is this one. Every article pur-
chased must pass through criticism and in-
vestigation.)
OVERCOATS.
We have a tremendous overstock of overcoats.
Kerseys, beavers, cheviots, clays, chinchillas, etc.
They go during this sale at from $3.75 to $10. Reg-
ular price double.
TROUSERS.
An immense line. All wool and cost double.
$1.75, $1.85, $2.00, and from this up to $3.00.
&7 CH Two thousand single and double
I -311 breasted sack suits, comprising all the
Xf I latest fabrics in the latest colorings ;
exclusive designs. We sell them reg-
ularly for #15.00. Sale price $7.50. Guaranteed
pure wool.
1
(Our reputation is dyed, spun, sewed and
wove in every garment )
Aft ft ft Ten thousand swell cutaway and sack
\M|UU suits; made of the finest fabrics, such
t|IU as Scotch tweeds, worsted, cheviots
serge and cassimeres. Elegantly tail-
ored. Sold regularly for 'slB.oo. Sale price $9.00.
Guaranteed pure wool.
(Our reputation for doing what we adver-
tise is our own. It can't be stolen. It sticks
to us because it belongs to us.
3
yRV^
w4
MYSTERY OF SAN
RAFAEL'S PRISON
Treasurer Fallon Tells of
the Tragic Suicide
of Argo.
With a Rope Made From His
Bedding the Prisoner Was
Strangled.
Murderer Kelly Witnessed the Samo
Startling Apparition S:en by
Annie X hce
SAN RAFAEL, Cat,.. April 13.— The
mystery of Marin's County Jail has not
been explained. That the ghost of Will
iam F. Argo haunts the corridors in the
basement of the courthouse any number
of prisoners are willing to vouch for, and
the thrilling experience of Annie Kehoe,
who saw the crouching figure of tbo sui
cide,Jsubstantiates the stories related by
The Wraith of Suicide Orth, as It Appeared Before Annie Kehoe in the Haunted Cell in Marin County's Prison.
Murderer Keily and others who have wit
nessed the horrible spectacle. That the
apparition, as described by those who
have seen it, answers the description of
William P. Argo, who hanced himself in
tjie cell which he has fcinco bsen accused
of haunting, is beyond the question of a
doubt.
County Treasurer J. T. Fallon to-day j
told the story of tiie trasic death of Argo,
which occurred during the time when
Fallon was under-Sheriff. Argo was ar
rested for bur.ilary committed at Ignacio,
in Marin County. He was brought to the
county jail in San Rafael on the 11th of j
November, 1839, and remained in jail for I
loce time. He keenly felt the disgrace I
and on the morning of December 9 of the '
same year he was found hanging in bis j
cell, dead. He had ripped up his bed and !
with the strips of cloth thus obtained j
made a stout rope which he passed j
through the opening in the top of the!
tank cell which served as a ventilator, i
Putting the loop arouiiji his neck, he
raised his feet from the floor and was j
slowly strangled. There he was found by I
the Sheriff's deputies in the morning.
Since that time the ceil has been
haunted. Annie Kehoe'a terrible experi
ence when she s^v the supernatural vis- ;
Itor staring at her in tiie darkness terrified i
her in the same manner as it has affected i
others. The mystery is uncxpl.iinable, j
and even thoso in churgo of the jail say !
that the placo is really hauntea. The j
prisoners in each instance have driven the
same description of the midnight visitor. '
Xo-day a thorough inspection of the ccli i
was made, but nothing that could throw |
any light upon the mystery could be |
found, in order to pass into the tank one
la comDelled to go through live iron doors, !
ana there is no possibility ol the 6trar.ge }
appearance being the work of any person j
bent upon mischiui. Tiie mystery is yet '
to be solved.
SASTA. JiOSA'S liOMi CASE.
Superior Judy* Ana*(t>'U of Mir in But
tain* the Itemvrrcr.
SAN RAFAEL, Cat,., April 13.— Supe- j
rior Judge Angelotii to-day sustained me
demurrer to the second complaint. filed in
the Santa Row j water bond case, wherein
Mark L. McDonald is plaintiff and the de- !
fendants include all the Santa Rosa : City i
Trustees, the Treasurer. Mayor and ether I
officials, besides the city itself. The de- ,
cision- covers sixteen pages of foolscap j
paper and reviews the complaint with the j
objections offered by opposing counsel.
The plaintiff is granted ten days in which
to amend his complaint. : . .
This case was transferred from Sonoma
to Marin County, as the Juaces of toe
former county came to the conclusion
that they were disqualified from acting.
—
San Snfnfl H'omnn'a Mil fortune.
SAN RAFAEL, Cat.., April 13.-Miss
Mary Ackerson waa taken into custody to
day while suffering irom mental aberra
tion, and in a condition unsafe to herself,
if not to others. The lady is highly refined
and educated, and formerly occupied the
position of uoverness in the family of J.
F. Boyd. She is a daughter of an English*
man who once represented Great .Britain
atthecourtof the Sultan of Turkey. Whon
Deputy Sheriff Lucas went to the house to
take her he found he would need assist
ance, and when he left to call a helper she
escaped by another door and ran to a
hiough near by, where she was found bold
ing her head under water. In a few mo
ments she would have been dead if she
haa not been rescued. She will be exam
ined and committed to the asylum at
Ukiah.
SAVSAHIO'H MKUIIY FBUD.
Protean ing Attorney '" Sylva Bring! a
A«MJ Action Against Jiichl«m. .
SAUSALITO. Cal.. April 13-Prosecut
ing Attorney . Adolph ( Sylva to-day com
menced an action against Andrew Kickles
for shooting firearms on tbe public streets.
This case is the outcome of the Sausalito
parrot incident. Nickles accused L. Le
mur of stealing his parrot and had him ar
rested. Lem»r one ni-hi had trouble
with Nickles and the latter fired two shots
at him. Lemar swore to a complaint be
fore Justice Pryor charging Nickles with
assault to commit murder. The case was
heard and Judce Pryor dismissed the pro
ceeding, at tbe same time calling the at
tention of the Prosecuting Attorney of
Sausalito to the evidence against Nickles
for violating a town ordinance by dis
charging firearms on tbe street.
To-day the suit was filed by Prosecuting
Attorney Sylva against Nickles.
LEMON STATION TRAGEDY.
Pretty Concepcion Alvarez, a Descendant
of the Alvarados, Attempts
Suicide.
POMONA, Cal. April 13— Concepcion
Alvarez, aged Hi, attempted suicide at her
father's home last night and was saved
from deatb by a. physician after hours of
hard work. She i> a pretty Mexican sir!,
and lives with her father and uncle at a
miserable old adobe ranchbouse near
Lemon station. Her mother was one of
the historic A'varado family in California
and was repudiated by her family because
of her marriage to a rich young Mexican
twenty-live years ago. The mother com
mitted suicide by banging at San Fer
nando twelve years ago.
Little Concepcion has been disconsolate
because of her father's continued drunk
enness. When be came home with bis
team from Azusa early last evening he
was so intoxicated that his brother and
his little daughter had to carry him from
the wagon totne adobe house. When the
uncle had unharnessed and led the
horses be went to the house. The
drunken man lay in a stupor on bis pal
let and food had been put on the table for
the uncle's meai.
He looked about for Concepclon, and
found in her bsdrooru, pinned to her pil
low, a note scrawled hurriedly in Spanish
to the effect that Concepeion had pone
away to die. She wrote that she could no
longer stand the shame of her father's
drunkenness and his abuse of her. So she
wished forgiveness and had gone to die,
as she had long contemplated.
The uncle searched ior Concepcion, and
found her across the road lying in an
al.'alfa lor, unconscious from the effects
of some drug. Ho went pellmell on
horseback for a doctor some miles distant,
and when the doctor arrived ho and the
uncle worked all nicht on the girl, and
she was restored to consciousness by day
light. She Lad taken an overdose of mor
phine or she would have died from the
poison.
♦
DEPLETING POMONA. >UHSEBIEb.
Unusual Demand for young Olive Tree*
During the Freient Seat on.
' POMONA, Cal., April 13. -This is the
most extraordinary season for the plant
ing of olive groves yet known in Southern
California. Since January 1 400,000 olive
trees for orchard planting have been
shipped from Pomona to all parts of Cali
fornia, Arizona and New Mexico and it is
estimated that the total shipments from
other olive-nursery towns to Southern
California must have been upward of
200,000 trees.
Several very large groves have been set
out in San Joaquin Valley with trees from
Pomona. One of them is in Fresno
County, and is the largest in the world.
It consists of 12,000 trees. It belongs to a
syndicate of Chicago men, of whom
Marshall Field ana ex-Senator Charles B.
Far weil are members. If the trees thrive
in the next twelve months this olive
grove wilt be increased by 10,000 more
trees. A remarkable fact in connection
with the boom in olive planting this
season has been ' the starting of olive
groves in the Green River country of
Utah. Pomona has supplied over
1.700,030 olive trees for orchards in the
past years. • . : - ~\'-f'^
JltnuXt of I'etaluma'M Election.
PETALUMA, Cal., April 13.—Yester
day's election ended the hottest political
contest that I'etaluma has experienced
for many year?, though after the battle it
was found that the majority of the in
cumbents were re-elected. The newly
elected City Trustees are: M. vValsb, C.
A. Jacobson and A. W, Horwege. Lee
Elisworth bueceeils himself as City
Treasurer, as do Frank K. Lippittas City
Attorney, Captain Thomas Maclay as City
CJerk, Frank M. Collins, who has already
served nine year?, a» Mar«hal, M. D. Hop
kins ns City Assessor, X. \V. ticudtfer as
City Recorder, and P. teweed as School
Director, while the progressive women of
the city congratulate themselves that
Mrs. Jeanette £. Woodworlh will here
after occupy a place on the school booru.
Portland. Officinl lietiijn*.
PORTLAND, Or., April 13.— Police
Commissioner C. B. Riggen (Popuiisl),
who lias heid cftice stince Mayor Pcn
| noyer's inauguration, resigned thi3 after
| noon. His reason was that he did not
I approve of the policy of the majority of
I the commission. Riggen intimated that
j he could tell some stories, but for the
present he would remain silent. He did
not believe in the necessi y of maintain
ing a police commission during this ad
! ministration, as Pcnnoyer and the chair
j man of the board were running the de
; panment to suit themselves.
ruget Sound I'aamnger Rat*t.
TACOMA. Wa .■■II., April 13.— A combi
nation arrangement between ah the
passenger-boat companies on Puget Sound
and t c Northern Pacific Railway Com
pany was consummated to-aay, whereby
passenger rates on the sound will be ad
vanced od an average of 50 per cent over
the present rate?, to take efiect immedi
ately. The Northern Paciiic Railway
Company will raise rates to correspond.
San Unfit el Citizen Ittmt.
BAN RAFAEL, Cal., April IX— James
Saunders, superintendent of the Poor
Farm, died this morning. He was 55
years of age and leaves a widow and three
cbildreD. He waa bora in Ireland and
baa been in JJarin County for many years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
GEMS OF ART FOR
STANFORD'S HALLS
Priceless Group of Rare
Paintings From Far
Australia.
Contributed by Thomas Stanford,
a Brother of the Late
Senator.
Kept a Famcus Artist Employed for
Years in Depicting Antipo
dean Landscape
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cai., April
13. — Stanford University ha 9 been mag
nificently remembered by Thomas Stan
ford, a Melbourne citizen and brother ol
the la :e Senator Stan lord. Ho takes his
share of pride in tbe university. The
library is named after him, and some day
his fortune will go to swell the endow
ment of that part of tbe establishment
and make the library one of the richest
collections of choice and rare books in the
world. He is childless, having lost his
only child, a beautiful girl whose idolized
portrait hangs in his apartment at his
house in East Melbourne. His dearest
object in life is the bettermeut of tbe
university, with which he wishes to
worthily connect his name.
Thomas Stanford's remembrance con- j
gists o: a beautiful collection of paintings
wbicb will take their place in the art de- '
partment of the museum. He is a de- ;
vout lover of fine arts and bis private col- j
lection of pictures is one of the best in
Australia. About five years aeo he con
ceived the idea of sending to Stanford
University a collection of pictures of
Australian scenery by an Australian
artist, en tuat American art students could
form as perfect an idea as possible of the
bush, the lakes, the forests, the mountains,
the plains and the rivers of that region.
With this end in view he looked about
to find an artist, who, by his truth and
fidelity to nature primarily, 'his technical
skill and his poetic touch, could carry out
this idea. His choice fell upon J. W.
Curtis. He bad admired the workol that
artist for just those merits which he
wanted in a collection of pictures for
those who were not familiar with Austra
lian scenery.
The commission which Mr. Stanford
gave to Mr. Curtis was:
"Paint what you please; take your own
time; name your own price; don't hurry;
give me the best you can do, and make
the pictures really representative of Aus
tralian scenery."
For four years the well-g;nown artist has
| been working in a studio fitted up in the
j rear of Mr. Stanford's house, so that that
I gentleman could take an active interest
jin the progress of the work. He pro
| uuct'd liny paintings in all.
The pictures take their choice of scenery
from ail parts of Victoria. Thero are
Murray pictures. Alp pictures, pictures of
j Macedon in snow time, Gippsland Lake
| pictures and coast pictures. Many of the
scenes deDicted on the canvas were sug
gested by Mr. Stanford himself.
Mr. Curtla has the art to be derived only
from a painstaking study of nature,
bringing out the minute details of the
scene. Every tree he paints has a charac
ter of its own. His trees all live. They
! seem to grow from the canvas and to have
j their roots deep down in the painted soil.
1 The eucalyptus tree is the one unifying
feature of all the pictures. "Snow at
■ Wood's Point" is characterized as an Aus
tralian scene by the fantastic, disheveled,
uncoulhaess of the trees, which are un
doubtedly eucalyptus.
c One strong point Is the nainting of
water reflections. The water is in all the
i pictures most delicately and softly done,
j It is exquisitely gentle, cool and refresh
j Ing to the eye, executed with the truest
j perception of tne beauty of nature's im
j ages thrown back from a lake or rip
pling creek.
Among a number which especially de
serve mention are "Coo-ey, Good-night,"
"Biood-red Sunset." "Between Daylight
and Dark" and several in Echuca Part.
His undergrowth ia feathery, fine, tan
gled—not a muddled mass. Rocks are
done with due observance of their car
petiu g of grass.
The paintings, with the dozen or so al
ready in the museum, will make a superb
collection of Australian scenery.
WILLIAMS' LITTLE HEROINE.
Thirteen- Year- Old Girl Sacrifices Her Life
io Rescue a Companion Frtm
Drowning.
WILLIAMS, Ariz, April 13— One oF the
most largely attended funerals ever held
in this part of the Territory was that of
Mttlt Mazy Gray, the 13- year-old daughter
of E. N. Gray of this city. The circum
stances of her death were heroic in the i
extreme. With uncommon feminine dar- i
ing and heroism she dashed into a swiftly !
running stream to save the life of her
playmate, Maggie Brady. Maggie's life
wai saved, but the brave little pirl who j
went so boldly to the rescue was swept i
away by the current and drowned before
assistance could reach her.
The two girls and a third, Nellie.
O'Brien, all of about the same age, were
playing on the banks of Ctaract Creek,
wbicu is now running deep and rapidly.
Maggie lost her footing and fell headlong
into the icy waters, and brave little Mazy,
who was first to see the accident, imme
diately placed her own life in ieopardy
and jumpe.i in to save her comrade.
Macgie was fortunate enough to reach the
bank in safety, but the current caught the
rescuer and swept her away to martyr
dom.
It is doubtful if the records contain a
liner example of youthful heroism. Mazy
Gray was a most lovable child and a favor
ite among her companions. Almost the
entire population of the city turned out
to attend her funeral.
MOURNING IN GILROY.
Death of Mrs. Mary A. Van Schaick, a
Pioneer School Teacher of
California.
GILROY, C.v,., April 13.— The com
munity is shockei by the sudden death
of Mrs. Mary A. Van Sciinick, vice-prin
cipal of the Giiroy schools, which oc
curred at her home in this city last even
ing at 0:4 r ) o'clock.
Mrs. Van Schaick had taueht her classes
up to dismissal hour on Friday last, and
had appeared in her usual uood health.
On Saturday she felt ill, and rapidly grew
worse. Her relaives were summoned,
but she failed to recognize her son (ivy, a
student nt the University of California.
Mrs. Mary Alabama Van Schaick was
born in Alabama in 184 r >. She came to
California In 1852 with her parents, Cap
tain and Mrs. E. p. Dwight, now resi
dents of Ean Benito County. She was
a prominent factor in educational work,
having been enpaeed in teaching must of
the time for thirty years in Santa- Clara
County. At one time she served as prin
cipal of the Uilroy High School, having
beenpromoted Irom the grnmmer grade,
a position she held for many years. For
several years she conducted a private
school her' 1 , where students were
"coached" to prepare for teacher's ex
aminations. Xo teacher in this section
of the Slate ha 3 been more successful in
this line of work. Teachers from her
academy are scattered far and wide, and
number into the hundreds.
Her self-sacrificing nature and devotion
to her lie wort probably cost her her life.
At the time of her death she was inter
ested in preparing a class of forty-live
pupils to pass the grammar school ex
aminations in June.
Mr*.. Van Schaick was married In 1872
to 11. D. Van Bchaick, and had one son.
The whole community deplores and
mourns the loss of this noble, broad
j minded woman. The class at the school
. has been grunted a holiday until after the
i funeral, which will take place to-morrow
afternoon from the family residence. The
school flag has beon lowered to half-mast.
The funeral services at the grave will be
conducted by Unity Rebekah Degree
Lodge No. 24.
TROUBLE ON THE COLUMBIA.
S reined Relations of Fisherman and Can
nerymen Presage an Early
Conflict
PORTLAND, Or., April 13.— An Astoria
business man here to-day denounces the
Chinese demand that all white labor be
excluded from the canneries along the
Columbia River as an outrageous piece of
impertinence. He says That while some
of the cannerymen would be prepared to j
accede to this demand they are compelled
to ignore it, because of the indignant up
rising certain to follow.
He added that a feeling of uncertainty
pervaded th» fishing situation. It was
simply out of the question for the can
nerymen to pay the price asked by the
flthermen (A 1 /, cents), and it promises to
De a tight squeeze between keeping even
and losing ou the season to pay 4 cents a
pound.
The fishermen threaten to start a co
operative cannery unless they obtain tueir
price, but in that event their concern
would be so glutted with listt, within a day
or two that they would be unable to handle
10 per cent of the catch. Just now there
is a representative of a New York house
along the lower Columbia offering the
iisherinen 4% cents for their choice catch.
That is about 25 per cent of the product
The rest he will lake at ruling rates only.
That, of course, will not work, and the
situation is assuming an alarming aspect.
The fishermen are growing desperate'and
as they are not a mild-mannered class of
people something serious is likely to
happen soon.
ARIZONA'S BANDIT KING.
Black Jack and His Band Start on
Another Pi/lag ng Tour of
the Territory.
PHCEXtX, Ariz., April 13.— Word
comes from the southern part of the
Territory that the notorious baniu Black
Jack and his band have recrossed the in
ternational boundary line, from Bonora,
in Mexico, and are on their way to their
old rendezvous near Joe Hampton's
"double-circle" ranch at the head of
En»!e Creek in Eastern Arizona.
From Bisbee the news comes that Black
Jack and his gang attempted a raid on
trie depot and express office at Huachuca
Siding. Early in the evening as a cow
boy named Hand and the operator were
sitting in the olhce one of the gang ap
peared at the window with a leveled
revolver and ordered the inmates to bol>i
up their h.indp. Tiie operator blew out
the light, while Hand discharged bis
Winchester, wounding the robber. The
entire gang took flight. A posse is in
pursuit of ihe woumied man, and his
capture is expected.
Several small depredations in that part
of the country are reported. Many hortea
have been stolen and the robbery of
several stores was attempted. A pood deal
of indignation and excitement prevails,
and an attempt will be made to drive
Black Jack and bis gang out oi the
Territory.
STOPS A STAGE ON
AN UPLAND TRAIL
The Yreka and Etna Coach
Robbed by a Single
Outlaw.
Wells-Fargo's Treasure-Box and
the Mail Surrendered by
the Driver.
Fasseigers Permitted to Proceed Un
molested—But Little Loot
Obtained.
YREKA, Cal., April 13.— The Yreka
stage, which runs between this place ami
Etna, was robbed of Wells-Fargo's ex
press-box and the Uni;«d States mail on
the north side of Forest House Mountain,
about ten miles south of Yreka, at 4 o'clock
this afternoon.
Fran* Hovey, who has been driving on
this line for a number of years, was band
ling the ribbons and waa accompanied by
five passengers, one of them a woman.
About halfway up the grade there is a
sharp turn with a large rock on one side.
The ariver and passengers saw no one as
they approached, but just as Hovey pulled
the leaders up to make the turn a man
stepped from behind tne rock, leveled a
rifle at the driver and ordered him to
throw oat the express-box and mail, a
command which was immediately com
plied with. The highwayman then told
Hovey to drive ahead, knowing he would
have ample time to sort out the more val
uable portions of his loot, as the nearest
habitation is fully eight miles further on.
The robber was a man of medium height,
dressed in dark clothes and wearing a
slouch hat and white mask. He appeared
perfectly cool and did not offer to molest
the passengers. He was no doubt looking
fora shipment of bullion to the bank of
A. B. Carlock at Fort Jones, but it is
known that there was only about $50 in
the express-box and not a great deal of
mail. Express Agent F. E. Wadsworth
left for the scene of the robbery, accompa
nied by an officer, immediately upon rs
cejpt of the news.
The Jast time this stage was robbed was
about three years ago, when a highway
man obtained several hundred dollors.
LOS JLAGJSLt.S A.FSRAT.
Two -Negroes Quarrel, and One It Sent
to the Morgue*
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 13—Ab a
result oi a row between two negroes over
a woman James Holmes lies dead at the
morgue and Joseph Crossen occupies a
cell at tbe City Jail. At a party last night,
Holmes took offense at a remark made i>.
his w.fe and proceeded to chastise her
publicly. Crossen interfered and was
severely beaten by Holmes, wbo tried to
cat Crossen's throat with a razor. Cros
sen went to the Hamman baths on Broad
way, where both were employed, Crossen
as a chiropodist and Holmes as a sham
pooer.
About 2 o'clock this morninc Holmes
appeared at the bathhouse, intoxicated,
ami sought out Crossen, to whom he tried
to give another beating. In the scuffle,
Crossen drew a revolver ana tired three
shots. Holmes urose, turned half around
and Jell dead.
Crossen ran to the police station and
pave himself up. Holmes leave a widow
and one child, a little girl. The Coroner's
jury returned a veraict of justifiable hom
icide.
MO3COE RUKIiIR IN COVRT.
Third Trial of "Kid" Thompson Begun
at L,oa Angelrw.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 13.— The
trial of W. H. Thompson, colloquially
known as "Kid," commenced for the third
time before Judge B. N. Smith this morn
ing. Seven jurors have been sworn—Net
son B. Church, E. S. Armstrong, J. F.
KING OF ALL
i
That is loud praise, but the i
great specific for all kinds of
nervous debility that is owned
alone by the celebrated doctors
of the Hudson Medical Institute
deserves to be called King, for it
is all-conquering. It's known as
••Hudyan," and as well as being
so strong and swift in action it
is perfectly harmless.
TO-DAY
■ I U""Ufl 1 i '.-.:
You may be a weak, half-para-
lyzed mortal, shivering, blue and
fit to fall in the street, but this
grand remedy can do what no
other remedy can stop the mis-
chief in a month. Drains do
cease in ten days— indeed .they
t DO— and life, light and full, un-
utterable joy come back like sun-
shine after rain. .Try it at once,
and then you will be one more
voice added to those who sing
••The only thing
IS HUDYAN."
Ton have but to write to the Insti-
tute or call there and you will be
given convincing proof of 'what this
grandest of all remedies can do. . "Write
lor circular*. If you suffer fro *n any
form Of blood poisoning the "30-day
blood cure " x will be : found '■■ to be as
firm and ' true » friend - to : ' you /as ' Is
••Hudyan." The - great doctors give
their advice ' free, too, and as you
surely want to live act wisely and act
to-day. ' ' "'. \_, . ' ;.~7 "
Hudson Medical Institute
Market, Ellis and Stockton Sfcs.,
tAX FBANCI6C&. SAI*
Myrick, Adelbert F. Bennett, J. R. Mc-
Manus and Edwin F. Burnett. .
The crime for which the "Kid" is being
tried for the third lime is teat of train
wrecking. He is accused of having
thrown a switch on ttie Southern Racine
near Roscoe on February 15, 1890. A
train was wrecked at that time and a nre
ruan and a tramp kiiled. Abont $1500 in
Mexican silver was obtained, and this, it
is alleged, was changed into money in
Phoenix.
Fetzttr'n Conf-aaion Untrue.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 13.— The
Deseret News yesterday printed what is
said to be the confession of J. W. Fetzer,
under arrest in Montana, in which he
says he silled Dr. C. H. Nichols, superin
tendent of the insane asylum at Washing
ton, D. C, in 1873. He says he killed ten
or fifteen other persons. IVzer was ar
rested here last week for making dynamite
bombs. A Washington dispatch says
Fetzer was an inmate of St. Elizabeth In
SEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
To Furnish
i JL v^ fl. - *»* m. JL Jl J. 415 m. m. :■■■
FHr\rr\£± for 1000 bicyclists this week
OICj'CIC i s w hat we've undertaken.
PnMf c And we're doing it, too.
I^cUllfr They're going fast, ft 4 (in
= and at OIiUU
Each
Our pants have re-^
X^ enforced seats, golf orH
L Bicycle I strap bottoms and flap
Suits I pockets. Cost from $3'H
$4.50 Ito $4 elsewhere. m
to I Our suits in Scotch H
$7. s^o. -'"and American tweeds, 'H
/^ cheviots and corduroys B
-/ . Brown, gray and seal brown. rap
/ Will cost twice as much elsewhere. H^
BROW fi BROS. & CO.,
.-•■>- ....-.- . •■ -:■■ ■■ • ■■ : ■■:■■ 7
BIG , Prop. Oregon City Woolen Mills, BiQ
skins. 121=123 Sansome Street. 5i B a L N5 E
■ I i' : * i' I !^ '' ~ ft" i''Wi BS «2 Wit SS ft
HOTEL MAJESTIC,
CENTRAL PARK WEST, 72d AND 7lst STS., NEW YORK,
FACING CENTRAL PARK.
THE ELITE HOTEL OF AMERICA.
CONDUCTED ON AMERICAN AND EURPEAN PLANS.
One of th« Largest and Finest in the World : 600 Rooms, with 345 Bathrooms
Absolutely 1 ire- proof. Most Luxuriously Appointed. Cuisine of the Richest
Order. An Ideal Resort for Families, Transients and Tourists. Select Orchestral
Music livery Evening. Spncious Foyer and Promenade Halls, Drawing and Munio
Rooms. Excellent Appointments for Private Dinners, Banquets, Dances and Re-
ceptions, 1 Owling Alleys and Shuffle Hoards for Private Parties- ,
Rnr«renc«fi Required of Parties not Personally Known to the Management.
-While this Hotel is Organized and Conducted on the Grandest Scale Possible
Prices are iiept Moderate. Excellent Home during the Summer for Gentlemen
whose Families arm at Distant Points in the Country or Abroad.
P. S.— Parties Visiting New York are Cordially Invited to Inspect this Ma~nifi-
nt , . Hotel « which will be found one of the Greatest Attractions 'of the City.
Within Twenty Minutes' Reach of the lSusin«as and Theater Districts Dnrlne the
Summer Season the beautiful Private Rustic and Palm Gardens, situated 300
feet above sea 1»vpI. are open to Gue«t« onlr. - .. A. V M I l.i; K.
. Mr. F. A. Franklin, a traveling salesman, says:
" About six months ago I bought my first box of
Ripans : [ Tabules
and was so pleased with the result that I have since
bought them in various parts of the State. "Beino- "
a traveling man, and compelled to drink all kinds
. of ; water and eat all kinds: of food, I find the Ri pans '
I Tabules are the best aid to digestion I; have ever
tried."
t ■ v
sane Asylum in 1873 and was discharged
as cured in the same year. Dr. Nichols
was not killed, but died a natural death.
Fe.zer's confession is a canard.
ji mini"lr nini"l >ear Phwnlx.
PHCKNIX, Aeiz., April 13.— C. A. Kohr,
a schoolteacher, has been drowned in
Salt Kiver, ten miles east of Phoenix. He
had been accustomed to ford the river
daily while Roing from his home to his
employment. On Sunday he failed to ap
pear at a Sabbath gathering, and a search
ing party soon found his horse on the
northern bank, bridled but without a
saddle. Rohr left his home on the
southern bank of the stream on Sunday
morning and has not returned, so there is
no doubt of bis death. The river, which
is at flood, has been searched for miles be
low the crossing, but the body baa not
been found.
* — ♦ — -•
A size In stockings is three-quarters of
an inch.WAGED WAR WITH
FIERCE MASHONAS
Adventures of a Santa Rosa
Engineer in South
Africa.
Mark Elliott Pc urns After Five
V ars Spent in Rhodes'
Realm.
Telia of the Fich-mg With Natives
Following the Famous Jime
son Raid.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., v April 13.— Mark
Elliott of South Africa, the friend of John
Hays Hammond and adviser of Cecil
.Rhode", returned to his home in this City
yesterday after an absence of five years.
Mr. Elliott is a mining engineer of con
siderable prominence in South Africa, and
!>7<ent the first two yearn oi his absence in
Johannesburg, from there going to Ma
enonaland.
In the native uprising that followed the
Jameson raid Mr. Elliott had some most
exciting experiences, which he tells of in a
MARK ELLIOTT of Santa Rosa, the Associate of John Hays
Hammond in South Africa.
modest, matter-of-fact way that adds to
the charm of the narrative and holds the
fortunate iistener spellbound.
To a Call representative to-day Mr. Elli
ott toid a graphic 9tory of the rev>lt. He
said that it was instigated by the Mata
beles, who believed that while most of the
English wer^ away they could kill the re
maining white settlers and loot the coun
try undisturbed.
Although warned of the coming trouble
Mr. Elliott, with ten white men and
twenty-five friendly natives, continued to
worK the mine in wh c i he was employed
until compelled to flee lor their lives.
They fought their way to Fort fca isbury,
losing two men and killing several of tbe
enemy. As a relic of the fight he exhibits
a wicked-looking assegai, taken from a
native, wuorn he was lorced to quiet with
a bullet. At the fort 850 men were be
sieged by the warlike Mashonas for over
a month, but were finally released by an
armed English force.
The mines now being worked are, ac
cording to Mr. Elliott, the richest on
earth and are in ail probability the iden
tical spots from which the Ancients ob
tained their golden ornamonts, as well as
the gold which decorated Kuig Solomon's
temple. The African prospector does not
look for float rock or cropping, as is the
custom in this country, but sinks his shaft
in the abandoned claims that abound,
knowing that there he will find the yellow
metal. The claims are all petting richer
as the miners go deeper, and there are few
shafts more than 160 feet in depth.
Naive* are pai.l $2 r>o a month and
white miners not less than $5 a aay, but
Mr. Elliott does not advise W';ite miners
to go to South Africa to compete witn the
native labor unless under contract with
some well-known firm. The natives are
ruled with a firm hand by the authorities
in Ma-honalaiU, and up,n the least inso
lence to a white man are tied up to a post
and Bound ly whipped.
Prices of all kinds of produce, he say?,
are very high, and we teii« of paying $125
for n ick of potatoes, $10 for a chicicen
and $10 ii dozen lor eggs.
The mining engineer is greatly run
down in health and weighed only 139
pounds when he left Africa. Me will re
in uin here until rr>s;ored to health at
least. As. an Incidental discomiort o
South Africa, he tell* of how au attack of
rinderpes: kited twenty-eight cattie
bflfintinz to trie mine where he was em
ploye i, and of now seventy-rive of his own
tine transport oxen were shot by order ol
the GoTcrnment while Buffering from the
ban.c cause.
Mr. Eiliott believes Cecil Rhode* to be
the ereatem man of modern times ai:d
South Africa the coming country.
INDIGNATION AT STANFORD.
Athletes Oppose the Attempt to After Rules
Govern, ng it.c Intercollegiate
Match.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
13.— The published slate n ent regarding
proposed c Man ires in the reeulationa for
the coming intercollegiate field day has
stirred up a good deal of indignation
among the students. David Brown 97
said when seen regarding the disputed
points:
"The track teams, according to an in
lercoliegiate agreement, are governed by
tne rules of ihe A. A. U. This org.-.niza
tion, up to two years ago, specitied how
many points each place in a race should
count — the winner live, second three and
third one. Tins rule was then dropped
bj the A. A. U. In the year in which
Berkeley sent her track learn Bast, North,
k vrho was its manager, was anxious to
\ nave the same standard as that of the
Eastern colletree. That w;is two years
aeo. We offered no objection and ti.e
count was changed 10 tive, two, one. T m\
is the wry ii ha.i stood ever s-i.-jce. I do
not believe it is the fair ; hinr tochinne
the count jus' before the field day. If the
committees of the two universities having j
such matters in charge desire to make a
change the proper tim« to rtiscu-s the
matter is directly after ihe iie!d day. No
injustice will then be done either side.
'•The bicycle race has always h«»en held
with the oiher track events. This year
B:'rk«»ley wished the rac > to ha held on
the Yeloilronx* trac«. I off>n'd to hoid it
there provided the race take place be
tween J and 2 o'clock on the day of the
intercollegiate meet. They did not ac
cept this proposition, although it was left
open for three weeks. Finding that they
were unwilling to accept ihe offer as a
whole I withdrew it. The statement tha'
there was an agreement to hold the race
on the Velodrome tracJr. the only point at
Issue bring the time of the race, is abso
lutely untrue."
itHunyi.it at alviso.
One of a fariy of f>nn Joneani JTrrlthr*
IT/iile Itathinif.
SAN JOSE, i al., April 13.--Jobn Oianda,
an Italian shoemaker of this city, was
seized with cramps while bathing at Al
viso this morning and drowned before his
friends could reach him.
Oianda with a party of friends went to
Alviso this morning 10 enjoy a day's out
ing. They had procured a boat to go saii
ing, but decided to take a swim first.
Olauda was the first in ihe water and al
most instantly was taKen with cramps.
He cried for help, but before his compan
ions eonld rearh him he bud sunk three
times. Grappling irons were procured
and the slough dratreed for the body,
wh.ch was recovered a t<*w hours later.
Oianda was about 35 years of age and
unmarried.
fruit Sent to South Africa.
SAN JOSE, Cai... Aprii 13.— The first
shipment of canned fruits from this city
to South Africa went forward last. week.
The consignment consisted of a car of
1200 cases from the Sa-i Jose Fruit Pack
ing Company. In New York the ship
ment wi.l be divided and 300 cases will be
sent to each of the following places: Jo
hannesburg, Cape Town, Port Elizabeth
and Port Natal. Exports from this coun
try are rainiily increasing each year, and
it is thought that, a good market can be
opened in South Africa.
<*no* A. Ctant' Hill Filed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 18.— Tbe will of
Amos S. Evans, the retired capitalist, who
dropped dead from heart disease on April
4, was filed for r>robate to-day. An estate
valued at about *125 000 is divided betwoen
the widow, Sarah H. Evans, and four chil
dren—John P., George P. and Oliver P.
Evans, of Fort Wayne. Ind., and Eliza J.
Kalfus of San Jose. The estate consists
of real and personal property in this coun
ty, valued at $46,000, and property nea<-
Fort Wavne. Ind.. worth over $60,000 By
the will $10,000 is to be equally divided be
tween the fon-ign and home mission
boards of i he First Presoyterian Church,
the interest of which is to be used in mis
sionary work.
fhin'*e I-ooipnd.ii on Trial.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 13.— The trial of
See Quon. Ah Louie Younz and Fung
Gum, charged with hieuwny robbery, be
gan in Judge Loriean's court to-day. The
♦Wen'lants are accused of haltinir Lee
Wing on Sixth street, Chinatown, a lew
months ago and robbing him of $264.
LEAGUEHS A I STOCK.TOS.
Kftworth ll»<il»i a f the. Oakland. I>ittrict
in Convention.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 13.— Epworth
Leaguers gathered at the Central Meth
odist Episcopal Church this for noon to
hold tup third annual convention of the
Epworth League of the Oakland district,
which includes this county. The follow-
Lag delegates registered at the church:
Stockton— Miss Gfrtruie Hatch, Miss Stella
Sou hworth, Miss Nellie Wnite, Mi*s Emma
Neumiller, H. E. Williamson, Ar.hur Codd
an>* W. H. Young.
O-.klaml— Nellie Busby, Mabol Hardwick.
liuttie E. Hunter, Laura MooJy, Mury E. Col
iins and George W. Beatty.
Antlocn— Joseph Schroder.
M:irtiuez— S-.King<!lcy.
A.hii.C'lk — F. I). Bovard.
Lodi— E. W. Johns, n, M. T. Wallace, Martha
Wallace and Minnie Fellers.
Modesto— H'-nry J. Turner, Mrs. Ken^y J.
Turner, L L. Dennett, Rev. J. ii. N. Williara
>on and wiie. Miss Turner.
Tracy— Mrs. B. U. Scott, Mrs. JameH HigKins
L. and M. Stocking, Mrs. .T. Golden, Mrs. J. Hay.
James Higglus, John i'ay.
This afternoon's programme included
S praise Bervice. led by Rev. James Wil
\.\n\i\ "Books That Influenced Me," by
<"ora Anderson; round table, "Tne
Literary Spoke," i.v Joseph F. B^rrv.
D.D. ; "Plans for Junior Work," t>v Miss
Mary E. Coll-ns; round lab c, "Younn
People and Entenairime'nts," oy Rev Dr~
Berry; "How Shall Leagues Raise
Money?" by H. E. Williamson.
•ffv-v tj f-eatll".
SEATTLE, Wash., April 13.-Ex-Fire
man Michael J. Br^in is at death's door,
the result of an attempt upon the life of
Dstective Edward Cudihee.
Last night Bre-lin went home drunk
and drove his invalil wife from the house.
A 20-year-old son, William Breslin, under
took to defend hi> mother, and his ciothes
were cut into shreds by the hisoaud and
father, who tra* armed with a knife.
Three police officers, including Detective
Cudihee, answered a call for assistance.
F.r two hours Breslin held t::e officers at
bay.
Several tiroes Mrs. Breslin implored
Cudihee to shooj^tb> man where he «tood,
as ho had tried to tnke her Me and that of
her son.
Becoming more enrage J Breslin, with
knife drawn, lunged at Cmiiuee, declaring
that he would kill the officer. Instead of
using his rovulver Cudihee struck tne in
furiated man over the rizlit eye with a
rock. While the blow did not knock Bres
lin down he is nevertheless, the physi
cians believe, fataiiy injured. After being
taken to tb" police station he lost con
sciousness aud is mill iv that condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 34, 1897.
PROSPECTUS OF
ASSOCIATED CLUBS
What the New Governing
Body Will Do for
Cyclists.
Much of the Work Formerly
Done by the League Will
Be Handled.
fhe Protest Over the Awarding of
the Relay Cap to Be Settled
To-Morrow Night.
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
has issued the following statement to the
wheelmen ot California in further ex
planation of the abandonment of ttic
Nortn California Division, League of
American Wheelmen, and setting forth
iully what it is the intention of the asso
ciation to do for its individual members:
California cycling Is Just passing through
an • poch-markii.K period in its history. The
siiUH.ioii lifts become such as to provoke
niueti comment and questioning- Tiie criti
cism and nisoussio i among ttie wheeling pub
lic of the rocent action of the board ot r ffieers
of this division of th* league are occupying a
prominent place in cycling nffurs, audio the
end that Uie wheeljaea of California may
come to a correct understanding of the facts
they are here briefly paced before them.
The members of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs and prominent stuJents of the'
sport had corr.e to believe that it was not lor
tne best interests of the wheelmen of the State
of California that the North California divi
sion of the Lesgue of American Wheelmen
should be longer maintained.
The benefits received from the North Cali
fornia division were entirely disproportionate
to the amount of money exppixled in main
laininglt. Last year we sent En- 1 more than
$13t;<). If the 1600 members ot the division—
the number It contained April I— all renew,
$1040 would be retained by the Eastern
offices of the league and but $500 remain to l>e
used for the benefit of the California mem
bers. Tne only tangible return received by
the wheelmen of the State from the National
body is the League .Bulletin. Ail the other
benefits accruing from league memN-rship in
this State are the result of local effort in no
way aided by the National organization.
The roadbook, the handbook, the tourlntr
board, ihe legal protection afforded members,
the system of local consuls and lenguf hotels —
all ihe^e thing* are done with our own effort
and with what remains of our own money.
Desired legislation looking to the protection
of tne riehts and privileges of wheelmen aud
to the imi rovement of streets and roa>is is
entirely the result of individual and local
effort.
Again, California is a State far removed
from ihe seat oi government of the League of
American Wheelmen; the conditions are
vastly different from those in the New Eng
land States, and from our very remoteness it
has been recently demonstrated that ii Is im
possible to have the National Assembly of the
League ol Amoican Wheelmen appreciate
that a different condition exists here and to
provide legislation accordingly.
Tne California Associated Cycling Clubs has
heretoore been a federation of clubs, having
or its objects the establishment of amiCKble
relations among the eiubs of the State and to
promote road-racing. In all that it has under
taken the orgtinlznt on has mci with marked
success from its inception, for a period of five
years.
At ft meeting of the board of governors of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs, held
on April 3, such action whs taken as author
ized the extension of the scope of usefulness
of the organization and its aims and objects,
to incl'ide al! the functions of the North Cali
fornia division.
The California Associated Cycling: Clubs,
therefore, will hereafter furnish to its mem
bers, free of charge, a weekly official orpan;
letal protection ; reduced raies at hoteln; a
handbook containing the constitution and by
laws of the organiz uion, suecestions for tour-
Ing, h list of official hotels with reduced rates,
a list of district consuls, a list of repairers,
etc., etc.; a roadbook containing maps of the
ridable roads of the Slate, showing their qua l
ity and condition, together with tables of dis
tances between ei'.ch tow;i. and such informa
tion as will facilitate touring.
The work for gqod roads will be taken up
where the league division left off, and will be
continued as one of the main object* of the
orgxnizatiou till definite results are obtained.
Needed legislation by State, city nnd county
oftie<>rh will be agimted and obtained, aid nis
criminating and unjust enactments resisted.
The» association has al-o take:i control of
track-racing and adopted a set of rules for
keeping the sport clean, and for the protection
of naers and mee-D remoter*. It will grant
sanctions, and riders riding at meets not shiic
tioned by the association render themselves
liable to suspension lrom both track and road
events.
Two dollars is the paytoent for the initiation
fee iind the first year's dues; therefore, $1 a
year pays for membership. Any white person
over the ace of 18 years is eligible to iodivid
un! nv-mtjershlp in the association.
We believe that this step ot the C. A. C. C.
will increase iis success in the same measure
that it has increased us usefulness. The possi
bilities for a splendid cycling organization in
California are great. This is a wheeling State,
lull of lovers o: the sport in all its branches.
We have already accomplished much, and
with the co-operetion of the wheelmen ol the
Slate much more is possible. It is, therefore,
the duty of every lovai Californ a cyclist to
identity himseif without delay with the or
ganization that stands for Htate pride, State
energy and the advancing of wheeling In
terests within our borders.
For any information relating to the C. A. CL
C. apply to Stanley G. Scovern, secretary, 1590
Fulton street, San Francbco.
A special meeting of the board of gover
nors of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs will be held to-morrow evening at
the roomsof the San Francisco Road Clnb,
503 Golden Gate avenue, to consider a pro
iesi fil«'i against awarding the relay cup
to the Bay City Wheelmen.
CHINESE GAMBLING CASES
Important Point Raised by At
torney John E. Rich
ards
To Secure a Ccnviciion It Must B
First Shown That the Plac? h
a Gambling Place.
A very ingenious point was raised by
Attorney John K. Richards yesterday
afternoon on a motion before Judge Joa
chimsen for a dismissal in the case of
Woo Bing, charge! with visiting a gam
bling place at 815 Washington street.
Attorney Richards urged that according
to the strict interpretation of the statute
in order to secure a conviction it was
necessary to first show that the place was
tiued up and conducted as a gambling
place.
The statute says "any person that
keeps or. maintains a gambling; place," or
"any person who visits a gambling place."
It did not make any difference what the
purpose of the individual was, whether he
was there to gamble or not; unless it was
clearly shown that the place was • gam
bling place there could be no conviction.
Tlie Judge decided to reserve judgment
till he had full opportunity of digesting
the point. •
If the contention be upheld it will have
the effect of making it almost impossible
for the police to secure a conviction in
Chinese gambling cases, as the Chinese
can keep moving from one place to an
other so that it would" tie difficult to show
conclusively that any particular place was
a gambling place. '
TO CUKK A IOLU I.V ONE OAT.
Tnlce Jaxativeßromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
SUUi relund the mouey it it lull* to cur* &!m.
NOW FOR DOGS
OF HIGH DEGREE
Inaugural Bench Show of
the San Francisco Ken
nel Club.
The Premium List Is Ready
and Entries Can Now
Be Mide.
'our Experts Will Pass Judgment on
Do|3 of Divers Kind and
Color.
The premium li«t of the inaugural
bench show of the San Francisco Kennel
Club, which will be held in Mechanics'
Pavilion commencing May 19 and ending
on May 22, is now out and c«n be had by
making application to the secretary at 224
Montgomery street.
The entries will close on May 10 and it
is presumed that the owners of dogs of
high degree will not delay until tho last
moment entering their resDective charges
for what gives promise of being one of the
grandest bencn show exhibitions that
have been held west of the big mountains.
It will cost the club something like $750
to express a patent benching apparatus
from New York to this City, but the offi
cers say that they will not spare any ex
pense in making this show a thing of
beauty as well as a joy to all sportsmen
ami lovers of man's best friend— the dog.
E. M. Oldbam, the gentleman who has
been selected as superintendent of the
show, will leave New Yoric to-day for this
City, and he is expected to arrive Tuesday
next.
The judges selected are Major J. M.
Taylor, who will pass judgment on 'reat
danes, greyhounds, loxhounds, dear
hounds, bloodhounds, Russian wolf
hounds, pointers, setters of all kinds,
Ches;ijioakes, bull-terriers, Newfound
land* and dachsbunde.
E. M. Oldiiatn will judge St. Bernards,
mastiffs, collies, cocker spaniels, held
spaniels, clumber spaniels, bulldogs and
Yorkshire terriers.
G. L. Waring will judee all fox-terriers
and J. Otis Fellows will judge the balance
of the classes. Tue veterinary surgeon is
If. W. bkaifa of Montreal.
The prizes are very valuable and in
clude many beautiful enps besides cash
prizes, which are numerous. I
The rules state thai : -
If the name of a dog which has won a prize
has been changed, 'he old name must be given
on the entry bunk and inserted in tt.e cata
logue, together with a list of all prizes won by
the dog, until such time as it win* a prize un
der it* new name.
If a dog has been entered without being
identified, as directed in rules 3 and 4, It shall
be disqualified and forfeit any prize which
may bo awarded to it.
A dog suffering from any contagious or ob
jectionable disease Khali be disqualified aud
forfeit tin- prize which may be swarded to it,
and shall be at once removed from the show !
building. The regularly appointed veterinary j
surgeon shall alone decide as to the condition
of the dog, and his decision must be given in
writing.
A judge may disqualify a dog which, in his
opinion, has been improperly tampered with,
subject to the decision of the veterinary sur
geon. Should the judge's disquaMneat ons not
be sustained the Class must bo rejudged. '
Full discretionary power in given to the
judge of each class to withhold any or nil
prizes for want of merit. The judge's decision
will be final In all cases afi'eciing the merits of
the dogs, end appeals can only bt- entertained
where misrepresentation or breach of the rules
is alleged. . \
Should an appointed judge Be unable to fill
his engagement the committee shall have the
right to fill the vacancy. All the separate
classes of any breed of dogs must, however, be
adjudicated upon by the same judge or judges
acting In conjunction.
The officers of the club are: A. B.
Spreckels, president; John E. de Ruyter,
first vice-president; H. J. Crocker, second
vice-president; H. H. Carlton, secretary :
F. W. Tallant, treasurer; directors— A. B.
Spreckels, H. J. Crocker, W. S. Hobart, J.
E. ae Ruytor, W. W. Taliant, Dr. F. W.
d'Evelyn and John G. Barker. The bench
show committee is composed of the board
of directors, W. S. Kittle and Sam F.
Hughes of English setter fame.
MORE MONEY IS NEEDED
Fifteen Thousand Dollars Re
quirei to Finish the
Bdu evard.
Wcodchoppers en the Cotati Con
tented — The Sa vation Colony
Scheme.
If the Boulevard Balboa Is to be com
pleted the citizens must keep up their
subscriptions a JittJe longer, the amount
of cash now being received falling far
short of that being paid out for labor.
It is useless to longer deny the fact that i
the fund is melting like the snow in June,
and unless it shall bo replenished the
work mint be stopped, with the result
that the $14,18335 already expended for
labor, and wisely and economically ex
pended, will be. so much money thrown
into the gulley. For a boulevard com
pleted in the middle and ending in a
thirty-loot precipice will be far from use
ful and worse than ornamental. After
the men were, paid off yesterday there re
mained a balance of only $6000 odd. The
following is the financial account:
Heretofore ncknowledjed,., 831), 453 20
M. Itlankower & C 0...., «_IIOO no
John Dolheer ""* * ■ 35 OO
C»«h .....; 1O DO
A. Malm IO OO
Ca»k>, W. .. l«.o no
Cash, D. O. c 10 no
Joneph F«c«"l IO OO
C. F. Crocker 300 OO
Owl Drug ' Company 25 OO
Max Popper „. «o Of»
Grand total •21.062 7O
Paid nut for labor, about.... V 15.000
On hand, about 6,00U
Not many more than half a dozen ap
plications a day aro bein,' ni;ute n.ow for
employment. Thus far it has been appa
rent to the committee that there are in
San Francisco 3000 me:i whose families
are in distress.
Five hu.idied and twenty-five men and
sixty teams were at work yesterday on
the grand driveway. Good progress is
being made in laying the macadam. The
grading* on the cut and the rilling in of
the forty-live- foot ravine will not be com
pleted for several week* yet
Henry Butters, a prominent mining man
from South Africa, will give a second lec
ture on the Tranxvaal ai Y. M. C. A. Hall
next Saturday evening for the bnie&toJ
the fund. Photographic portraits of 1000
prominent members of the Salvation
Army are being made by N. J. Hyde, and
the pictures will be sold for the benent of
the boulevard fund.
Tickets are selling well for thecontata
''Ruth anil Naomi," to be given by the
Sabbath-'-chool cmldren of the GearV
strect Temiilc.
At least $15,000 more is needed to corn*
plete the boulevard.
About 150 employed and unemployed
J^^.^ n _ ir . rr^.. r . riJ LOTH:ifC^- :
*SJ» — «^^^^^fc^^^^^^^S^^^K^— :r_S^i.— S^r -3SSL ~^S_^--j-_ * — ■** *■> —^^ — o»> — •«:•> — «3*>. — «». — -»■«>. — •«>» a
fc>l<> '^^ — ->_^- jg 55 j££^" "SS. "^S^ 1 — >•••——*••» — -«•■ — *«> — •»» — «*.<> *v^
IK . ■ ■ T . ; ' = : B I
i|> We don t insult your intelligence by telling you we are running ik\
J our sale at the special request of several prominent citizens. Nor do we '
|| falsely claim that we are slaughtering our clothing owing to an increased Iff
i > tariff placed upon wool. Only those stores whose entire stock does not*
; ! contain enough wool to keep an ordinary sheep warm over night can ]'"
spring such insane fakes as these. {!!:!
| OUR SACRIFICE SALE I'
"If. . — ■ •O3B'— ■ W' '
} MEN'S AND BOYS' |
• ■ ■  ' , , - .. . ■ ( f '
f =~_~_= jij
Hi '• . - ■■ ■ , -■ :■-■■!; :-iij
1 111 _flf B_S _^_^r Jf _Q_l (it^s IBe • ■ x* V*w i
II! IS BONA FIDE AND COMPULSORY. II!
w __ ft 1
!|> We were forced to our present temporary quarters through the "' '
ill I ambition of our landlord to possess a handsomer building at our old ii
stand, corner Kearny and Sutter streets, Vi
«ff True, we stopped paying rent at the old stand, but we couldn't ii| '
iit stop the daily arrival of new Spring goods which had been ordered in iii"
great quantities from the world's fashion centers.
1 4 . ■ ' ■ ■ - : ii i
(I f .- . . ■ , M i
tWE ARE IN A BAD BOX! ;
199 :: -> .■ --.^ ■ •-; "■■■• be
f And must get out of it the best and most honorable way possible. ]{
i-Jj The only way to do it is to -„ J**,
| SLAUGHTER OUR FINE NEW GOODS I
v f At and below their actual cost of production. '"
HI We'll make this old building famous with this greatest of all great sales, il !
ill EVIDENCE OF GOOD FAITH : I
1 [ Men's $12.50 late Spring Style OP Cft 1 Children's Reefer Suits in lat- ' '
j|| Suits will go for ...... $UiuU l st fabrics and designs, O/| Ar {J
!" worth $4.00, will go for... Ola 5)3 !
441 ; . i i
jW Men's $13.50 late Spring Style QT CO Child's 2-piece All-wool Nobby W
In Suits will go for UlljU Cheviot Suits, ages 4 to 14, ii '
' regular $4.00 values, will Q i Qr V '
1 „ e^o for uIiIIJ !
|W Men's $15.00 Fine Dress Suits, 0Q rft | *" '* * wiimw W"
lii latest patterns, will go for. fJJiJU Child's 2-piece Worsted Suits ii
W _____ - for dress wear, worth $6:00, 00 „C T*
iii ; will go f0r..... OJb4D ill
j flf Men's $15.00 Fine Kersey QQ "7C | ' }V
!ii Overcoats will go for • 00l IJ | Bo s ' Long-Pants Suits, ages QQ 7r jj,
j]f • -■ J 3 to 19, worth $7, will go at OOi I 3 W '
lit Men's $4.00 Neat Cassiniere CM QC Boys' Long- Pants $8. 50 Suits, OB Qr •!'
m Trousers will go for .. . 01 id . ages 13 to 19, will go at. . . UTIUU ],
«C . = ' fe 1
■ ~ ~ ] ~ : ~ — .■■ i : ■ ':'_ 1
ill ■•• • • , ..■ t iii
a' :* *^ —^ M— MMMMI ■—————«— — — — M— ——————— H M J *« ft
' yJh^us __B^_H_b^_H^ KSi **^ 881 Mfc_HMßW_B_Mr y^V .'_&*—__— _BC^ xx_39B^9hl*^. H_Sv_Sr^« 1: SKl—fßu I 4_R_i ■M/ f '
lif !^«^*b PBhO -BKEgßw^Sp— a////v__ jC'*\'^v^mPoß^*^E^^'-_I '■* : *r Wt - ■ if
i TEMPORARY QUARTERS: " :
I! 222 and 224 SUTTER STREET I
][[ 3 DOORS WEST OF KEARNY. ][
STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING. FLOODED BY ELECTRIC LIGHTS. ][
laboring men, most of them with families,
applied al the Salvation headquarters on
New Montgomery street last night for an
ODronunity to be allowed to tdl the
ground for t::eirsupport and a-ked numer
ous questions regarding the Salvation
Army colon. zjtion scheme. In the ab
sence of Major Winchell, Ensign Wood
explained the plan at length and the
greater part of his hearers registered for
the first chance.
Ensign Woods reports the wood camp
at Cotati as thriving. Twenty men are
employed there at present, and the num
ber will be doubled as soon as an oppor
tunity offer". Tue plan is somewhat so
cialistic. The owner of the laud on which
tne trees are growing receives a certain
proportion of all the wood cut on his place.
Each .alK.rer pays the Salvation Army in
wood, 40 cents a day for bis board. With
these deductions all the wood lie cuts i.e
lonirs to Him. The marketing of the
product is attended to by the army with
out charge.
: .Major Winchell visited the various min
isters yesterday. in order to get them in
terested in the colonization scheme. He
reports having received much encourage
ment. -.- ■ ■".-:■ ' ..- \ . ■> i-,1 -:■ ■
GUARANTORS TO PAY.
The French Opera Season at the Cali
fornia Theater Has Not Covered
Its Own 1 xpenne*.
A eood deal of curiosity has boen felt as
to w ether the French opera season
would pay its own expenses, for although
the prices ranged from one to three dollars,
there were many rows of empty benches,
particularly in the balcony.
It now transpires that the season, lisa
most grand oiera Beasons, was i.ot self
supporting. Thp quar&ntors were pledged
to tue extent of $1000 each in order that,
this City might rnjoj the luxury of an
opera season. The guarantors will be
called on to the extent of between ?300 a:id
$400 each in order to make up the season's
lou«8. The exact amount will probably
be $350 each.
Tuere were thirty guarantors, so that
wouid make the ioss amount to about
$10,500.
Measuring: Seal Ground*.
The United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
is making arrangements to survey the Pribiloff
Islands, St. Paul and St. George, J or the pur
pose of determining the area of the seal-breed
ing giounds in those localities. This will af
lord a scientific basis for estimating the num
ber of seals that congregate ther<- during the
season. W. W. Duffield and G. R Putnam from
the East and Fremont Morse oi San Francisco
will teuve for me islands on a revenue cutter
about The middle of M"y.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPAKLLLA TAKES
•J away the surplus bi c and loaves the liver
in periect order. 1 : i- a true liver regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA CAN
" be used by old or young. Take it moder-
ately. Remember that moderation In ererj»
uiing teuds to longevity.
56
Will sDAY APKIL 14. 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUfc,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday (al^.. three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
(Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
\V KKXX.Y Call, one year, by mall 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Fan lrancisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay (street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery s:reet, comer Clac; open until
8:30 o'clock.
»39 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 LarklQ street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth ami Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
£018 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
K\V. corner Tweuty-second and Kentucky
■tracts; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
008 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 and 82, 84 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Well done, MrKiniey.
The bimetallic commission is good.
Now for currency reform and a revision
of me banking laws.
Four words to the Harbor Commission
ers: Start the free market.
The Greek invaders of Turkey are ir
regular, but all the same they get there.
The Mississippi floods may be subsiding,
but the damage continues to rise rapidly.
The Cubans will very soon draw a trocha
around Weyler and ask him how ho
likes it. .
The employed on the boulevard will
Boon be unemployed if you do not help
the fund that pays them.
Since we are not to have a carnival of
our own, we can fraternize with the rest
of the State and share all that come.
There is to be cheaper travel to Yosemite
this summer, thanks to the Valley road,
and the holiday outlook for the people
grows larger.
It will be better for Kentucky to break
the deadlock with a sledge hammer or
any old thing rather than have it opened
with a gold key.
The proposed West Shore road has at
any rate good prospects. There is no
finer scenery on the globe than between
here and Santa Cruz.
Peffer and Mrs. Lease have parted com
pany. He steps from Populism to con
servatism, and she goes off to socialism.
There is going to be a big chasm in Kansas.
Projects are now under discussion for
the erection in Golden Gate Park of
monuments to Lincoln, Baker, Burns and
Moore. This is going to be a monumental
City before long.
Until the Balboa boulevard is completed
Ban Francisco will not have done justice
to herself nor shown a rightful measure
of public spirit and enterprise. Subscribe
to the fund and help the work.
It is again asserted in Washington that
the Senate will reduce the rates of the
Dingley tariff, and now is the time for
Caliiorniam to see to it that the reductions
are not made on California products.
Wolcott, Paine and Stevenson make a
good commission to promote international
bimetallism, and in appointing them,
McKinley has made another good stroke
for the success of his administration.
The editor of the Del Norte Record,
snugly ensconced way up in the northern
corner of the State, serenely remarks that
if the Chinese in San Francisco want to
fight, why '-let 'em." Of course. Our
contemporary is safe. Why not "let
•em?"
Ihe present prospect of expensive wars
will incline the powers of Europe to be
more favorable than ever to a proposition
to widen the money basis of the world,
and this, therefore, is a good time to call
an international conference to re-estab-
Usii bimetallism.
American corn is carried to Denmark
where it is fed to cows to make butter for
the English market, and in the meantime
we ship oleomargarine, butterine and stuff
of that kind to the same market. An en
forcement of pure food laws is evidently
needed in this country all along the line.
The city elections in California on Mon
day did not show the Democratic slump
which occurred in Eastern cities and the
fact may be cited as an evidence either
that we are less fickle than Eastern peo
ple, or that we have better proofs of re
turning prosperity. At any rate we stood
pat while they fell down.
The desire of Wu Ting Fang to establish
newspapers in China ought not to be
hopeless. It will be remembered that the
Emperor of China once acted as a corre
spondent for a journal in this City on the
occasion of the death of .Little Pete and
got a dispatch here by fakerfone quicker
than the telegraph could hare done it.
After such a scoop the Emperor ought to
be a boomer for new journalism in the
Flowery Kingdom.
In his address at the recent unveiling of
the monument to "William I the Kaiser
in referring to the services of his grand
father in establishing the German empire
made no mention of his father, Frederick,
who took part in the war, nor of Bis
marck. The omission of these names has
raided no little comment, and the Kaiser
rould not more effectually have recalled
mom to the minds of the people by any
praise he might have bestowed on them
than he did by ignoring them altogether.
The British War Office has discovered
that the volunteer force of the country is
not such an effective defense against in
vasion as the people hava believed. In a
battalion 800 strong, which was given
twelve hours' notice to parade, some
of the men appeared in slippers, the
swords, rifles and accouterments were in
bad condition, the troop* could not drill
and one officer was found to be ignorant
even of the word 9of command. A force
of thiit kind would mace a poor showing
if any of the well-drilled armies of the
Continent should land on the coast of
England, and Ibe Government does well
in «t.renethening the navy.
THE INTERNATIONAL COMMISSION.
President McKinley has taken the first step toward the establishment of Inter -
national bimetallism by appointing a commission composed of Senator Wolcott, ex-
Vice- President Stevenson and Charles Paine of Massachusetts to act for this country
in promoting it. This step having been taken, it is fair to assume that the commis
sion will act with promptness and that arrangements will soon be under way for the
assembling of the proposed conference.
The commission is one in which the people can have confidence. Senator Wolcott
|Is one of the strongest advocates of bimetallism in the Senate. He has been an
j earnest supporter of the remonetizatiun of silver for many years. In fact, so urgent
| haß he been in supporting every measure which tended to an enlarged use of silver as
a primary money metal, that he was long regarded as an extreme free silver man. He
did not, however, break away from the Republican party, as did Senator Teller and
j others at St. Louis, but continued to support the party because of its pledge to pro
j mote the free coinage of silver by international agreement. He can, therefore, be
counted on to exert every energy to accomplish the success of the undertaking and to
bring the proposed conference to an agreement which will permit the remonetizntion
of silver at an equitable ratio with gold in the near future.
The other members of the commission, while not so eminent in financial matters
as Senator Wolcott, are men whose appointment will be well received by the people.
Adlai Stevenson is a representative of the Democracy which supported Mr. Bryan in
1896, after havine supported Cleveland in 1892. He is a stanch partisan, of conserva
tive tendencies, and will undoubtedly do all that he can to assist Senator Wolcott in
promoting the conference.
Mr. Paine is one of the leading Republicans of Massachusetts, and while classed
with the gold-standard men is known to be favorably inclined to bimetallism by in
ternational agreement. As a representative of the business interests of the country
and the people of the extrome East bis appointment makes the commission a thor
oughly National one in every respect, and will add to the confidence which the people
of all classes and of all sections of the Union will have in Its work.
It is scarcely necessary to say that the appointment of the commission will be re
ceived with great satisfaction by the people. It will be especially gratifying to Repub
licans. The administration was elected to oiYice on the distinct pledge that it would
promote international bimetallism, and there has been some impatience because the
President did not refer to this subject in his message to Congress as well as to the
tariff. His action now is sufficiently prompt to give evidence that he means to keep
all the pledges of the Republican party and to fulfill them as promptly ai possible.
The work of arranging the conference now rests in the bands of the commission.
The administration has done its share. The people will watch with interest for the
next step In the Important work and will be well pleased if arrangements can be
made for assembling a conference o! the nations before the close of this year. The
work is an important one. It has been well begun and is intrusted to safe bands.
Let it go forward.
THE LINCOLN MONUMENT.
The movement begun by members of
the Grand Army to provide for the erec
tion of a monument in Golden Gate Park
to Lincoln has been no cordially taken up
not only in this City and in this State, but
by men of light and leading in all parts of
the Union, that its successful accomplish
ment is already neither improbable nor
remote. It needs only that the public
shall give to the promoters of the under
taking a fair degree of support to render
the Deginning of the work a matter of
speedy attainment.
The reasons why a monument to Lin
coln should be erected in Golden Gate
Park hardly need statement. They mv.it
be lemiliar not only to all men ana
women, but even to the schoolchildren of
the land. We cannot too often recall
the name and the fame, the deeds and the
services of Lincoln, nor can we in too
many ways manifest our appreciation of
his character and our patriotic love lor his
memory.
As will bo seen by letters in The Call of
yesterday and 10-day, the movement
begun on this coast has found cordial ap
proval in the East. President McKiniey
and others hardly less illustrious and emi
nent tend words of coraiai greeting to
those who are directing the movement
here and give to the undertaking all the
weight and influence of their sympathy
and their wordsof commendation. Thisap
proval of course comes in the very nature
of things. Throughout the length and
breadth of the Union the name of Lincoln
is revered, and whenever a new testimo
nial of the veneration of the people for
him is to be reared thousands of patriotic
men are glad to aid it by every means in
their power.
If wo are to have a monument to Lin
coln we should to it that it is in every
way worthy of the site on which it is to
be located, of the people who are to erect
it and of the man whose services it is to
commemorate. It should be no ignoble
monument that we raise to the great
President wno sustained the courage of
the people, directed the councils of the
Nation and urged on the armies in the
war that freed the slave and kept the
Union whole. The monument should be
one of the noblest and most artistic orna
ments of our great pleasure ground. Its
erection is an undertaking which appeals
to the best thoughts and emotions of the
people, and every one, in proportion to
his means, should contribute to it liber
ally, loyally and promptly.
THE IEEE MARKET.
If it be true, as reported, that action on
the part of the Board of Harbor Com
missioners to carry out the Jaw providing
for establishing a free public market on
tne water front would be met by an at
tempt on the part of commission mer
chants in this City to have the proceed
ings stopped by injunction, the sooner
the Commissioners begin the work the
better. If the validity of the law is at all
doubtful it should be brought to a test at
once, in order that the producers of the
State ana the consumers of the City may
know whether or not they are to have the
much-desired market.
The law does not seem to make it
optional with the Commissioners whether
or not they shall provide a market. It is
mandatory in ils terms and directs that
such a market must be opened. That
being the case the commission can have
no sufficient excuse lor delaying the work
of preparing for it. If a market sufficiently
large cannot be provided at once it is at
least possible to make a beginning, bo
that the experiment may be tried during
the coming fruit season.
It is only by experience and by a test of
such a market in actual operation that we
can determine its value to the community
and to the producers and ihe effects it wiil
have upon commission merchants. Even
if a beginning has to be made in a very
small way it would be well to make it at
once in order that these tests may be tried
this year and a better understanding had
of the provisions to be made for the mar
ket in ensuing years.
The subject has been lone under con
sideration and has been thorouehly dis
cussed in the press, among farmers and
in trade circles. The law, therefore, is
not in any sense a matter of hasty legis
lation. It was provided by the Legislature
in response to a strong and widespread
demand. It is as lair in its terms as any
that could be devised, end it is only by
putting it in op-ration that we can deter
mine clearly whether It will work injury
to any one. It is the duty of the com
mission to provide the market, and that
duty should be fulfilled as speedily as
possible. _____________^
Whether Grover Cleveland Bhould be
addressed in correspondence as "Esquire,"
or by a higher title, is a problem over
which that stolid gentleman's acquaint
ances are just now laying awake o' nights.
If, in the dark reaches of ibis sleepless
opacity, it should suddenly occur to
them, as a great white light, that the pre
fix "Mr." has not altogether gone out of
use as an American title, that particular
portion of their density which relates to
Mr. Cleveland might be dissolved.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14. 1897.
KICKING AT THE AIB.
In the exhilarating exercise of kicking
at the various i;is which we assume to be
• ssailing us we doubtless are enjoying
ourselves, but after all it is hardly fair
that in this selfish indulgence we should
overlook the remedies which our solicit
ous lawmaker! are devising for the re
moval of the ills which we assign as the
causes of our kickings, as in the case, for
example, of the law just passed to alle
viate the tramp difficulty in this State,
against which many of us are still letting
fly our protesting toes as though nothing
had happened to make their flight super
fluous.
In view of the real raagnituae of the re
form which has been made the continued
skyrocketing of our boots into midair
after an evil star which no longer glim
mers there crows visibly less dignified
with every distortion that we undergo in
the effort. A wire run through the sides
of us for us to revolve on, and nothing but
air within the immediate circumjacence
to impede our flying feet, wouid furnish
an imitation of the revolving jumping
jack beside which our present antics
would make a favorable comparison. We
really should pay enough heed to our
changing laws to know when to stop kick
ing and to guard our attention against
the escape of so important a reform as the
Dague tramp law, which recently issued
from the Legislature.
This measure is calculated to entirely
remove the necessity of either begging or
starving on the highways of California.
It is no theory, praise God I It is a prac
tical ordinance. It provides for the sub
division of the State Into road districts,
corresponding with thecountv supervisor
districts, and to the overseer of each road
district thus created any man may go and
obtain employment at a fixed salary of 35
cents aday and board and lodeing. Trampi
who exhibit a languid unpersuaslon of
the worth of this arrancenient will be
confronted by the argument of compulsory
board and lodging worth a good deal iess,
with a ninety day?' sentence to wort upon
the highways at only 10 cents a day. £tl
-dence of their subsequent conversion to a
normal appreciation of the arrangement
will be followed by their promotion to the
ranks of the "honorably employed," by
which title the sincere roadworkers are to
De known.
From this unostentatious bit of legisla
tion the people of California have gained
a most thorough solution of "the problem
of the idle tramp." It is imnossible to
define the limits of the innovation. It
simply leaves nothing to be desired. Let
it be carried out according to the letter
and it will be a complete realization of tne
hopes which have striven in our breasts
for many past days, and a splendid in
junction against the aspiring soles of our
footgear.
THE LOS ANGELE3 fIESTA.
The abandonment of the plan to bo.d a
carnival in San Francisco t.ia year has
deprived us of the pleasure of receiving
from Tk)s Angeles a manifestation of her
full and abundant sympathy with San
Francisco enterprise. It was the inten
tion of the Los* Angeles people and those
of Southern California generally to make
the Golden Gate Carnival an occasion for
a display of State patriotism and an evi
dence of their appreciation of the value of
California unity in all enterprises what
ever of a public nature.
It will be remembered that in 1895 Mr.
Meyberg, as director-general of the Los
Angeles fiesta, came to San Francisco on
behalf of the celebration to interest the
people of this City in it, and succeeded so
well that San Francisco sent large excur
sions to take part in the Los Angeles fes
tivities. Mr. Merberg intended to make a
re: urn of this favor by arranging for
Southern California excursions to San
Francisco when our carnival was held, and
bad proceeded far enough in his work to
make it certain that Southern California
would not only send a large number of
people to take part in our carnival, but
would contribute several floats to add to
the btiiliancy of the display.
A 1 these arrangements have now to be
put aside, for we are not to hold a carni
val. The memory of them will neverthe
less remain with us, and what was done
will be accounted as a sufficient proof that
Southern California has tha true Califor
nian spirit and is prompt and willing to
assist other sections of the State in all that
tends to advance the welfare or the fame
of the commonwealth.
Since Los Angeles and Southern Califor
nia are not to have the pleasure of State
patriotism at a carnival in San Francisco,
tbe only way to atone for the loss is for
the people of San Francisco and Northern
California to give all the aid they can to
the Los Angeles carnival. That which
they designed to do for us we should do
for them. The Los Angeles fiesta is to
take place without fail. Let us see to it
that we show during the festival how fully
we appreciate the kind intentions which
the people of the south had toward ub
while our carnival was under considera
tion.
Under an act of Legislature which the
Governor has approved State prison War
dens must hereafter furnish each Sheriff
in the State a photograph of every pris
oner when he is discharged. The expense
to which the State would have been put
in the event of providing every prisoner
also with a ball and chain, a striped earb
and a keeper to guard him through the
rest of his days was the consideration
which probably prevented the eood legis
lators from adding to his identity those
further advertisements of his disgrace.
PhRtONAL.
Frank Gasser of Guatemala is in town.
N. I. Baldwin of Woodbridge is in the City.
\V. N. Monroe of Visalia arrived here yester
day.
J. \V. Wood, a druggist of Pasadena, is in the
City.
The Bey. George McConnick of Salinas is m
town. •
Senator B. r. Langford of Stockton is at the
Palace.
R. Allyn Lewis of Phoenix, Ariz., ii at the
Palace.
|JL. T. Thomas, a merchant of Tucson, is in
the City.
J. B. Baker and wire of Merced are at the
Cosmopolitan.
T. S. Yokokawa of Tokio, Japan, Is a recent
arrival here.
F. K. Gay of Modesto is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
P. V. Goodloe of Angels came down to the
City last night.
M. C. McDonald of Wellington, New Zealand,
is at the Palace.
Paul Morris, a mining man of Chinese
Camp, is in the City.
0. B. Hardy, the mining man, of Salt Lake,
arrived here yesterday.
J. F. Uerrett, a business man of Coupovllle,
Wash., is at the Occidental.
George A. Smith, an extensive land-owner
of Courtland, is at the Grand.
L. W. Stockwell came up from Los Angeles
yesterday and is at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue of
Sacramento is at the Occidental.
Mrs. J. Hinklearid child of 1-ower Penasco,
K. Mex., are at the Cosmopolitan.
Among the arrivals at the Grand Is Edwin
Taylor, a mining man of Calaveras.
1. A. Ru»s of Eureka arrived here yesterday
on a business trip and is at the Lick.
Charles K. Hall of England, who is engaged
in mining, is among recent arrivals here.
Perry Averill, Mrs. Averill ar.d Mrs. Benton,
of Woodbury, Conn., are at the Occidental.
R. L. Rodes of Randsburg, the new gold
camp on the desert, is among the arrivals at
the Lick.
George R. Stewart, a cattleman of Crows
Landing, who ships cattle to Honolulu, is at
the.Grand.
George A. Goodman, president of a bank at
Napa and owner In much other property, is at
the Palace.
Frank L. Coombs, recently Speaker of the
Legislature and formerly Minister to Japan, is
a visitor here.
Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento, who served
during the last term in Congress, was in tne
City yesterday.
Leon Lewin, a business man of San Salvador,
wasamougthe arrivals by tho City of Para,
and is at the Palace.
Mr.wdMrs. George E. Morse arrived last
night from Washington, where they have
been the guests of President and Mrs. McKlu
ley at tho Executive Mansion since the in
auguration.
A. B. Wood, who is interested in copper
mines in the Lake Superior region, and who
was in the eariy days of Leadville manager of
some of the leading silver properties, is among
the arrivals here. He Is accompanied by L.
W. Wood of New York.
Congressman J. A. Barbam of Santa Rosa
has returned here from Washington. D. C.
where he ha* been attending Congress. He is
accompanied by Miss Lena Barham and W. W,
Barham. They were at the Occidental for a
brief time and then left for Banta Rosa.
Charles Wrrutlag, secretary for Carlos Ezeta,
the long-deposed President of Salvador, has
arrived here trom Now York by way of Pana
ma. He is here to rejoin the ex-Preiident.
The secretary was in Panama when Antonio
Ez^ta, the brother of tho ex-President, died.
Hugh McDonnell has returned here from
Shasta County, where he went a week ago to
look after the development of some properties
which he owns tnere. He says the Iron Moun
tain Company is working 700 men and pro
ducing 800 tons of ore a day. The county gen
erally It looking well.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NtW YORK
NEW YORK. X. V., April 13.— At tbe Piaza—
H.Lehman, G. Heldger, & Erstein; Union
square—Mrs. Donahue, Miss M. Donahue;
Metropole— A. D. Jones; Stuart— E. A. Peeble:
Imperial — C. Lindman; Sturtevant — J. H.
Love, R. Lov?; Uraud— O. Goldberg; Metro
politan—j. S. Vance; Huffman— T. J. Luni, Dr.
W. Boericke, Mrs. P. M. Castle. Miss Blanche
Castle and Fred Fasteneau left the Plaza and
tailed on the llavei for Bremen.
BURIED IN VERSES.
Fate of the High-Hat Bill in the Wiscon-
SIN f-ENATE.
Assemblyman Risum's bill to prohibit the
wearing of hat* by women In theaters, which
passed the Assembly a week ago, was killed in
the Senate to-day, says a Madison (Wis.) dis
patch to the Chicago Tribune.
Senator Putnam, the chairman of the Com
mittee on State Affairs, which had the bill un
der consideration, reported for its indefinite
postponement. The report was made in verse,
and is as follows :
We think it a pity,
'lhat we. your committee,
And one or importance at that,
Are asked ul.liou. reas jn
By this Mr. Hlsum, '
To consider his "Tale of a Hat."
We're expected to wrangle
And g-t in a tangle.
When woman we vow is so nice,
That we will s;a d b • h'.r.
Though »he builds her ha. higher; ■
Alt we ask to t>t> low is the price.
High bats we're not defending,
But the show* we've been Attending
Were those with oa let feats.
T c hats were th*n behind us.
For the o.ily place you'd find as
Was down la the front row of seats.
Our women are so winsome-
Very few are not handsome —
And in oft remarked that
In fair or fuul weather
When at theaters they gather,
It's only the homely wear a hat
60 this is our verdict:
We oe ieve woman perfect,
And she Is In our hearts enthroned;
She needs no legislation,
A 11.1 ii's our recommendation
That the Hat bill be forever postponed.
WITH YOUR COFFEE.
Tutor— l can't make an encouraging report
on your daughters' progress. They refuse to
learn.
Oh, don't let that worry you, my good man!
But what are you paying me for?
For the looks of the thing.— Fliegende Blat
ter.
"Have you heard, Count, how Mr. Jones had
his arm taken off?"
"No, mees; ees it possible?"
"Yes; be put his arm around Clssle's waist
last night, and, of course, she took it off at
once."— Pituburg Chronicle- Telegraph.
X— You, a member of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty, dock your horse*' tails!; Is
it possible?
Z— Why, of course. I want to protect the
flies.— Exchange.
"Is Maud still thinking of joining a religi
ous sisterhood?"
"Gracious, no! Her father bought her a new
bicycle."— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Moneybags— You want me to engage in •pec
ulation whereby I can make half a million.
Explain the scheme.
Cholley Cheelcly— Your daughter is to re
ceive a million from you if she marries with
your consent?
Moneybags— Yea; but what has that to do
with it?
Cholley Cbeekly— Everything. You must
consent for her to marry me. Sne gives me
the million and I give you half. See?— Judge.
MINISTERS
AT FEASTS
Rev. E. G. Mathena Says
Banquets Are Too
Expensive.
PLAIN REMARKS AT THE
PRESBYTERY.
The Speaker Says There Should
Be No Waste While the
Poor Suffer.
CHURCH BUSINESS TRANSACTED
YISTERDAY.
The Board of Missions Grants Aid
to S-veral Struggling
Church°s
Considerable interest attached to the
session of the Presbytery of San Francisco
at the First Presbyterian Church yester
day morning and afternoon. Thoueh no
great matters were finally disposed of,
E. R JENKS, the Presbyterian Moderator.
several important topics were discussed
and acted upon. The session finally ad
journed until Monday, the 2Gth, at the
Mission Home on Sacramento street.
E. H. Jenks was cliosen moderator yes
terday, though F. A. Doane a^ted for most
of the afternoon, the moderator serving
with the Home Mission Committee.
Mucb of tbe business of the day was te
diously routine in character, being a hum
drum recital of petty grievances, reports
ol committees and work of like character;
but Rev. G. E. Mathena, known ns "the
friend of tLe poor of the Potrero," broke
away from conventionalism when the
Question of » prand banquet at the Occi
ental Hotel was sprung.
The matter under discussion was ways
and means of making a successful ban
quet on April 29 in honor of the uradu
ation of students at the Presbyterian
Th-ological fc-eminary at $1 50 per piate.
Invitations had been sent to all minis
tors, and ail were asked to stale whether
they would attend. Rev. Mr. Reynolds
had urged those present to do all in their
Dower to make the banquet a success, and
the moderator was awaiting response?.
It wa-s at this juncture that Rev. E. G.
Mathena arose and made v speech that
sounded like the simple doctrines of
Ciirist as taught by Toltioi in his novels.
Rev. H. N. Bevier criticized him severely
for "breaking the sweet Harmony of the
meeting by speaking of unpleasant
things," bui Mr. Mathena did not modify
bis position.
"We are asked to go to this banquet at
the Occidental Hotel," he said, modestly,
'but it costs |3 if we take our wives. I
confess that such a use of money *ecms to
me wrong, vitally wrong, in these times
of want and suffering among our fellow
creatures. It is embarrassing for me to
thus decline the invitation or to appear to
be out of joint with the times; but my
work lies among the very poor, among
those to whom a o'ollnr is of great import
ance. It is a matter of conscience with
me and I cannot consent to spend $3 in
thi3 way when the poor are coming to my
door for food; when little children are
hungry and ill clad, and when honest men
are out of employment, their families in
want.
"With the small sum of $3 I conld do
great good in the way of charity or I
misht get ten children into my Sunday
school. Ido not think it is proper for
ministers of the gospel to set such an ex
ample as this would be. Mv conscience,
therefore, compels me to decline tbe invi
tation, although friends have offered 10
pay for tbe plates for my wife and my
self."
Her. H. N. Bevier arose at once and
criticized the speaker for introducing a
discordant note.
"I think such talk man the sweet
unanimity of this beautiful meeting." He
•aid, "and I believe the banquet will be a
beneht to the seminary; therefore it ought
to be encouraged."
Rev. Mr. Woodworth, in reply, said:
1 This gaudy dinner will in no way aii
the seminary. The banquet is for the
select and fortunate and not for the riff
raff like Brother Mathena and others who
cannot afford to attend. Of course, the
newspapers will boom it and put forth the
brilliant things said, but the report will
not be made in a quiet way."
| iThe matter was not discussed further,
and the presbytery devoted its attention
to other themes.
The application of Thomas K. Dryden
to be allowed to preach was refused alter
an examination by the presbytery.
It was decided "to adjouru the presby
tery until 2:30 p. m. April 26 at the Mis
sion Home on Sacramento street Sev
eral important questions went over with
the adjournment, among them th« ques
tion whether delinquent churches be re
fused aid by the board of home missions.
Rev. H. C. Minton was elected a dele
gate to the General Assembly at Winona,
Ind., which convenes on May 20 Rev.
I. M. Condit and Dr. E. B. Stewart were
elected alternates, also Rev. F. R. Far
rand, J. p. Printzman, M. T. Romaine,
Captain George Jotmsou and G. D. Fahne
stociE.
It \ras decided that a Sunday-school
committee and a committee of the pres
bytery confer as to a proper concert of
action between them on various matters
at issue, there being, it was said, a lack of
unanimity.
After the committee on home missions
had conferred for several hours their re
pprt was discussed by the presbytery, and
the sum of $400 was voted to the Frank
lin-street Church and a like sum to the
Holly .Far* Church.
It was decided to asress every church in
the presbytery to make up the deficiency
existing in the French and Italian mis
sions.
Rev. Mr. Bevierand Eider A. B. Cheney
were appointed a committee to investigate
the question of disposing of $5000 left to
the Howard Sunday-school in the settle
ment of the Howard-street Church affair?.
The mission proper went to the Calvary
Church, which does not ask for the $.5000,
and the question is what to do with the
money.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
More Delegates to the Grand Court of
Foresters of America — The Com
panion* of the Forest.
J. S. W. Saunders, grand sub-chief ranger
of the order o! Foresters of America officially
visited Court Stanford of this City last even
ing. He will visit Court Yerba Buena of this
City this evening and Court Golden Era on
Friday evening.
E. L. Foster, grand recording secretary, will
officially visit Court Rafael, in San Ralael,
this evening, and S. L. Waller, grand trustee,
will visit Court Mokelumne, in Lodi, on next
Monday.
Additional delegates to the coming session
of the Grand Court have been reported to the
grand secretary as follows: Court Capitol of
California No. G, in Sacramento, J. C. Ing Jr.,
J. Doan, P. Hirsci and Dr. Watts; Court Pride
of (irass Valley No. 8, W. H. Barden and W. J.
Rowe; Court s«cramento No. 12, Judge Joseph
W. Hughe?, John Morris and C. A. Root; Court
Hubertus No. 15 ot this City, 11. C. Canaris. P.
G. G. Kunze, Ernst Maack and F. Thine; Court
Golden Stnte No. 22 ol this City, E. I. Wolfe
and I. Lindeman; Court Magnolia No.
29 of this City, E. H. Sneii and G
Gensier; Court Pajaro Valley Rose
No. 44 of Watsonvilie. M. Fltzpatrick and
George F. Martin; Court Oakland No. 46 C
D. O'Uam; Court Del Monte of Monterey No.
47, Joseph Shulte Jr. ; Court Paragon No. 48
Napa, Herman Wiprut; Court Castle Ruck No.
50, Sun (a Barbara, John R. Dugan ; Court
Butte No. 53, Chico, C. E. Stelna?ie; Court
bherwood No. 60. Santa Cl«ra, S. Oberdeener-
Court Santa Lucia No. 70, Salinas, W. H
Goodrich; Court San Leandro No. 74, James
Henurickson; Court Llvermore No. 77, W E
B.mgs; Court Barbarossa No. 79, of this City
Oscar yon ForßPff,kv; Court Eureka No. 80,
J. M. Simpson and E. E. Skinner; Court Pride
of Colusa No. 81, Gustave Uabert; Court
branlte No. 82, Lincoln, L. C. Browning; Court
Richmond No. 86. ot" this City, William Hamp
ton; Court Vacaville No. 88, S. F. China
«"ourt Dixon No. 89, B. F. Newby; Court
Teutonla No. 90, San Jose, Louis Gunther-
Court Franchise No. 97 of Los Anpeles j'
Aplou; Court Neptune No. 99 of Santa Monica
Harry Oppenheimer; Court Columbus No 102
of Los ; Ar iffel ies A . G . Rivern; CourlCinnabar
No. 103 of Middletown, E. W. Schwartz; Court
Ahsal No. 108 of Pleasanton, Frank Lewis;
Court Mount DiabloNo. 118 of Danville, Ralph
Harrison; Court Schiller No. 120 of Stockton,
Jl.Koehler; Court GemofYuba No. 121 of
hmartsville, A G. Wheaton; Court Fruitvale
N». 124, E. S Lund; Court Italia No. 127 of
Ban Jose, L. Pomponia; Court Sonora No. 129
J. B Curtin and William Hartig; court lone
i\?.\\ 31 ' h - v - Perkins; Court Santa Ana No.
103 .Louis i Lev y and Ed Waite; Court Dame
Ahehieri No. 139 of Los Amreles, L. Carboni-
Court Soioyorac- No. 142 of Hesldsburg. J J
Livernash; Court Lorna Prieta No. 145 of
Campbells, George S. McCoy ; Court Serra No
147 of Santa Barbara. Judee W. B. Cope; Court
t'astrovtile No. 149, W. F. McGuigaa; Court
San Lucas No. 154. W, E. MoS3.
Companions of the Forest, F. of A.
Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand chief companion, ac
companied hy Mrs. L. Atwood, P. G. C. C;
Mas R. Hlruze. grand treasurer; Mrs. X.'
STEW TOOAT.
You think it is because
your child is " growing too
fast " that he fails to put on
flesh. More often it is
due to a gradual and general
weakening of all the forces
of the body. The child
may have no pain, may have
a fair appetite and yet lose
flesh. Perhaps the happiest
effects of Scott's Emulsion
are in such cases as these.
It gives the body a fat which
is easily taken up; alters
unhealthy action and sup-
plies the best blood-making
food known to medical
science.
Bollan, D. G. C. C. ; E.TJ. Chamberlain,
D G C C • Mrs. Wishman of Excelsior Circe,
Mrff.Cbale of Village Beile Circle and Dr. At
wood of Robin Hood Circle. vWte i Presidio
Circle Tuesday evenine, April 6. A iojd at
tendance greeted the visitors. The ritualistic;
work was performed in a manner that w«|
very satisfactory. During the evening Mist U
LaFevre. past chief companion of Piesiaio <■
cle, was presented with a past nliief com
panion's ba<ige and certificate handsomel.
framed. Alter the cose nl toe meeting tho
members and visitors retired to the lanqujt
room, when an el»i?ant and .substantial re
past was appropriately discussed. Dancing
closed the evening's fMiivitles.
Excelsior Circle is making active arrange
ments to celebrate us twelfth anniversary by
a grand ball in Unlon-squure Hall on Satur
day, M.-iy 1.
Diana Circle will eive an entertainment ana
hop to Its friends in Socittl Hall, Alcazar 1 ntla
ing, o:i the evening ol Wednesday, the 'JHtii
insi. This is to l>u an invitulion affair, and
the committee having charge of it has pre
pared hu interesting programme.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A. l>:iko
paid an oflicial visit to tfay City Circle Mon
day night, ami Tuesday she called on iiauilet
Circle in Aiameda.
Additional delegates to the Grand Circle
have been reported us follows: Bay City Circle
No. 11 of this City, Mrs. Leah Marks ami Mrs.
Helena Worms; Silver State San Die?o Circle
No. 271 of San Dleeo, Mrs. Nellie J. «"o:.b>:
Frauk X. Wallace oi Loyal Circle N0. 323 ; Mr>.
Flora Jacobs of Oakland lor Loyal circle No"
323, ami Mrs. Anna If. Niedt of University Cir
cie No. 32J in Golden Gate, Alaineda County.
Minerva Circle. C. O. F.
Minerva Circle No. 20, Companions of the
Forest, gave a social and fishpond party in
Social Hall. Foresters' buildiug, last Monday
i night for the entertainment of its triends.
There was a good attendance and there was a
great deal of enjoyment In tho dance, and
much merriment was produced by the open
ing of the packages of "fish" drawn from the
pond. The "Usher maidens" were Mrs. Page
and Mrs. Barrett. It was a pleasant reunion,
which was got up by the committee of arrange
ments, composed of Mrs. E. Bell, Mrs. Pago
and Mrs. Butler. The ' reception committee
was: Miss May Bell. Mrs. Mary Oster aDd Mrs.
A. Klein; Mrs. Butler acted as floor 'manager
and was assisted by Miss May Bell.
Crocker Lodge, A. O. U. W.
This evening Crocker Lodge No. 302, Ancient
Order of United Workmen, composed exclu
sively of employes of the streetcar lines, will
give Us first "high jinks" in Excelsior Hall,
on Mission street. The committee that has
had the matter in hand for some time has
arranged for an entertainment that will give,
much enjoyment to ail who will ttccept ilia
lodge's hospitality.
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business nouses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
Easter Eggs.— The very latest designs in
faces, flowers, animals, etc., in vegetable col
ors, on fine French cream ««g s , 5 cents each,
at TowQsend's, Palace Hotel building. ":- • • :
_ » ♦ •— —
"The three popular" pictures in the London
shop-windows are those of the Queen, Mr.
Rhodes and Dr. Nansen.
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Route,
Three and One-half Days to
Chicago or St. Louts -Four
and One-half Days to
New York.
Leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 5 p. m., connection Is made at Barstow with the
famous s-iinia Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestlbuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. 'i he handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultless. Daily
through sleeping-cars, bo.h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden, Portland, Mojave, Ixj3 Angeles, Dem Inn or
El Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Market,
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 163 L.
Railroad Tickets to the K,-.sr. via Rio
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Orande Railways,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permittin;
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tickets
Detailed information and tickets furnished at 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California street
"Mrs. Wlnilowi smoothing Syrnp"
Has been used ever fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children white Tweihingr wltfc per
fect success. It soothes tbechl'd, softens the gums,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates i he BoweLs
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
lug from tee;h Ing or other causes, >or sale by drug
Clt'.s in every pan of the world. Be sure and as*
lor Mrs. Wlaslow's toothing Syrup. !2&c a boiila.
' Corokabo.- Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, beins entiiely free from the mista com
mon further north. Kound-triy tickets, by s:eam
shlp, iuc.uding fifteen days' board at the llo.el del
Coronado, 860; longer stay $'2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery s'ree', San Francisco.
Whkn the hair is thin and gray Parker's Haib
Balsam renews the growth and color.
HiXDKBCORNs, the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
To soothe and strengthen tne vocal organs,
Ayer*a Cherry Pectoral ba< long been the favorite
preparation with public speakers.
The New York Sun says that Anton Seidl ha*
finally brought to a defi- ite conclusion hts
p. an to conduct at Baireuth this summer. Ha
will lead certain of the "Parsifal" perform
ances, and, after a visit to Budapest, will re
turn to this country.
NEW TO-DAY.
MONEY ~~
Made Buying
Crockery and China-ware
.A.T
Great AmencaDliDpGrtiDsTea Cdl
MONEf SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 300 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery aye.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park st.
Headquarters. 52 Market St.. S. F.
Operating ioo Stores
That's why we
sell so cheap.
Good reason
o-0000000-0000-o
AN EXCELLENT
"If TIT? A T - Properly prepared and
|Vlr\/"\ l'^ Promptly serred, can
*»**- «.**^ always b9 obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TV AT A ii
Most Popular HA I A I M
Dining Apart- .'* JT\-1-^J~\\Z aI a
ment in town. «Msi^Bß»^B^i^i^ißß»B»^»
<KH><KK><KH><>(>o<>
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
| s A POWERFUL APHKODISIAC un
?^°kMn BeXes ' a ? d J? Breat ««nedy for own,
thJ kSln. Ml R ? d K? B JI aC remedy for diseases jj
the Kidneys * nd bladder. A great r.eator»tiw»
liiv gorator and Nervine. Sells In its owu il'ni*
BOloug-winded testimonials ut-ce sury
sssopAjm
no Tomlt^ , no «^J««yno M^ffn^S* 'WKDNi- SDaY APRIL 14. 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Theater-- "Merchant of Venice."
Columbia Titi A.i !'. -"•quire Kate."
Uorosco's OPKRA-UousE-'-Tha Waifs of New
York.
Alcazar Thkatkb.- "Called Back."
Tivoli Opera House — "Lily of Klllarney."
Orfhecm -High-Class Vaudeville.
Golden- Gatk Halt*— Public Lecture, by
Mr. Wendell Easton, this evening.
l.rKi.iNK Baths — Ball Water Bathing, etc.
•nno BATHS.-Bttthing and Performances.
The CnirTKS AM' Skatjxo Kink- Daily at
Halght street, one block east of the Park.
Oakland Rack Thack.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
It. Cam ro— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
t \ cry Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
I -s Frank W. iTTTKRriKLD— This <I*v. April
14. Restaurant, a: 417 Front st., at 11 o'clock.
By L. ii. J'rKi>.— Thursiav, April 16, Furniture,
fit 211 Larkln street, at IX o'clock.
I y r. J. Thursday, April 15, Art
Coods, at 233 Kearuy st., at 2 aid 7:30 P. m.
By M. J. Mcßrids— Thursday, April 16, Horses,
at 507 Jessie street, at 11 o'clock.
j % Kii-i.ip A Co.— Tuesday, April 20, Horses,
at l>iilo Alto Farm.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The programme for the Women's Congress
of 1597 has been completed.
Mrs. Carey Higley Dimond, the Honolulu
divorcee, has been sued on a promissory note.
F. Lop.iza has boon sued by William Langs
Jr. for the price of a dinner at the Maijon
Tort out,
The new Chinese Minister and his suite saw
"The Lady of Lyons" at the Baldwin Theater
last night.
Beginning to-morrow there will be hourly
trams on the Park and Ocean streamcar line
after 0 r. m.
The Presbytery of San Francisco was in ses
sion yesterday "and it adjourned until Mon
day, the 20th.
Judge Dalncerfield has set down the trial of
Frederick Marriott, charged with libel, for
next Monday.
Edward L. Levey's suit for ?10,000 damages
is on trial in Judge Bahrs' department of the
Superior Court.
The monthly rifle shoot amoni? policemen
for the Siebe medal took place at Shell Mound
Park yesterday.
The local soci alists have prepared their pro
gramme tor the celebration of international
labor day on May 1.
Fair Wednesday, except fog Wednesday
morning; probably cooler.— W. 11. Hammon,
local forecast official.
Personne, Tor^ida. Russella, Oakland, Rev
del Tierra and Torsina were the winners at
Emeryville yesterday.
The people living on Folsom avenue state
that Robert Strong is guilty of extreme cruelty
to his wife and children.
Trie committee on corporations of the Grand
Jury has presented a report recommending a
reduction in water rates.
The citizens of Salinas have completed ar
rangementa to receive and entertain the Grand
Army veterans next week.
Gustavellertel was booked at the City Prison
yesterday for Criminally assaulting Katy
Murry, a girl 18 years of ape.
At the session of the Grand Council, Order
of Chrsen Friend?, yesterday it was decided to
hold biennial sessions hereafter.
At the meeting of the stockholders of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company yesterday
the old board of directors was re-elected.
The residence of Mrs. Louis Kaplan, at 11CS4
Eddy street, was visited recently by burglars
who stripped the kitchen stove of, its covers.
An important point was raised by Attorney
Jonn E. Richards yesterday before Judge
Joachimsou iv connection with Chinese gam
bling cases.
The resignation of Secretary Welsh from the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children has been accepted. There are many
applicants for his position.
Rolliina A. Tuttle was yesterday held to
answer before the .Superior Court by Judce
Low on a charge of criminal libel preferred by
B. ilarquard, Park. View Hotel.
Wadsworth Harris of the Otis Skinner Com
pinv will give dramatic readings at Irving
Institute to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock to
the young ladies and their friends.
There is still some hope for the ship Samaria.
Captain McLeod of the Rufus E. Wood thinks
he spoke her twelve days ago 180 miles off the
Columbia River in a disabled condition.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon heard
two more witnesses concerning the manage
ment of the City and County Hospital and de
cided to indict ex-Superintendent F. 11. Stable.
The San Francisco Cycle Board of Trade heia
its annual meeting and elected officers last
night, the old board being re-elected. The
board donated $50 to the Balboa boulevard
fund.
The sum of ¥6000 i< all that is left in the
Balboa boulevard iund, and unless subscrip
tions are maii.taine i one end of the driveway
will be left haneiirg over a gulch forty feet
deep.
Colonel N. P. Chipman presented an inter
esting report upon the effects of National
ttion on the California fruit industry at
;:ng of the fctato Board of Trade yester
day.
T'-e examination of Oscar T. Shuck, charged
v .:h hhvintr sent a libe.ous postal card to E.
P. Dement, baa been postponed until to-inor
rov,- niiirnine, beiore United States Commis
sioner Ht-acoci.
M. Charley, impresario of the Frenoh"Opera
:;y, narrowly escaped arrest and several
men ts yesterday because his singers did
not g-t the money they claimed. He gave a
(a-;i bond to cover the matter.
The proposed west shore line railroad, the
:on of trie Rattler test for macadam rock
an 1 the certainty ot a re?erv.>ir on the South
ern Heights have raised the hopes and hearts
ot the prouurty-owners on the Potrero.
Caleb W. West, special agent of the Treas
ury, who has been in this City for several
weeks past assisting in the annual inspection
of Custom-house matters, left yesterday for
Portland, Or., where he has been stationed.
At yesterday's session of the Board of
R gents of the State University it was voted to
have a new building not to exceed $32,000 in
cost. A secretary was not selected, but many
other important propositions were considered.
William A. Kfirus was sentenced br United
State* Judge Morrow yesterday to pay a fine
ol £100 and to be imprisoned in the Ban
Queuiin penitentiary for two years. He had
been convicted of having thirty counterfeit
nickels in h:s possession.
The Orerweight Counterbalance Elevator
C'jmpany cntere.il suit in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against Mark Sheldon
to recover (3000 damages and costs for an in
frincem'jnt ol the Philip Uintle patent, in
wmch they claim an interest.
The proposed monument to Lincoln In
Go. den Gate Park is receiving the approval
of leading men throughout the United States.
President McKiniey has written a letter to W.
\\. Stone, president of the monument league.
in which he commends tho patriotic move
ment.
Hie polke ere investigating the death of
Mrs. R. ,)ame« Walker, whose true name is
Miss Lulu Jobburu% and who arrived here
from Sydney last October with a child two
months old. An autopsy held yesterday re
veal that death was the result of a criminal
operation performed by herself or some other
person.
MEW TO- DAT.' '""i
ROUGH
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful ringer ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm batha
with Cuticuka. BoAr, and gentle anointings
with Cuticuba (ointment;, too great skin cure.
(pcura
Ii Mid throughout the world. FOTTIX Diro A.KD Cb»m.
Coir., Sole Prop*.. Boston.
Mr " How to Produce Soft, White Hud*," free.
ITCHING HUMORS^S^SEft.J?'
DR. STAHLE AT
LAST INDICTED
Two Counts Against the
Former Superintendent
of the Hospital.
Committee on Corporations De
clare That the Water Fates
Are Too Higli.
Resolutions Adopted Expressing the
Jury's Admiration of Cowley's
CbETaCt r and Services.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon de
cided to indict Dr. F. H. Stable, former
superintendent of the City and County
Hospital, on two counts, and the District
Attorney was requested to prepare the
documents. The indictment will prob
ably be presented to the court next Fri
day unle:-s the greatest pressure is brought
to bear to obtain a reconsideration of the
vote and a reopening of the case.
One of the witnesses heard yesterday
afternoon was James Slattery, the owner
of the team which hauled articles of fur
niture from the officers' quarters of tne
City and County Hospital to Dr. Stable's
residence.
John P. Jordan, a dealer in carpets and
furniture, also testified.
After the hearing of the witnesses the
jury excluded Assistant District Attorney
Hosmer and discussed the subject.
Shortly aft^r the vote was taken Mr. Hos
mer and Walter N. Brunt, chairman of
the Committee on Health Department,
Almshouse and Hospitals, went to the
Diatr.ct Attorney's office to exr.mine the
papers in the Stable case.
The committee on corporations (H. \V.
Hannemann, chairman), presented tlie
lollowing report, which was adopted:
Ban Francisco, April 9, 1897.
To the Honorable Grand Jury of the City and
County of San Francisco— Gentlemen: Your
committee, 10 whom was referred the matter of
water rates, beg leave to report:
The president of the Spring Valley Water
Company, upon wnom we called for informa
tion which would enable us to make an in
telligent report based upon facts, received us
courteously, and, upon stating the object of
our visit, he declined to furnish such detailed
statements of the business of the water com
pany in the matter of expenditures and re
ceipts as we needed in order to form an opin
ion as to whether the existing water rates can
be reduced and be just to the company.
The president claimed it as the right of the
company, as a corporarion responbible to its
owners and stockholders, to refuse to mako
public its bufiness interests.
The manor of rates is now being investigated
by the Board of Supervisors, who are searching
for sucn facts as will enable them to fix a just
rate for the company and the ratepayer-, in
which there is always more or less conflict of
opinion.
The Spring Valley Water Company demand
an income from the City sufficient to cover
operating expenses, which they report as
amounting to $394,012 08 for the year 1896;
interest upon bonded indebtedness of $9,075,
--000, ana a dividend rate of (i per cent on Its
entire capital stock.
We have no report from the company of the
amount of revenue received from the City for
water during lbOii, but the fact that such in
lormation is it:ihei<i is significant.
The water-meter charges in San Francisco,
with a population of 350.090, ranges from 22
cents to 40 cents per thousand gallons; the
present daily consumption is reported by the
company as 21,000,000 gallons. The annual
operating expenses are about ¥394,000.
In New York, population 1,800,000, the rate
is 12J-£ cents, annual operating expenses
$300,000; Buffalo, population 335,000. rate
6 cents, annual operating expenses $220,000:
Baltimore, population 434,000, rate 53i cents,
anuual operating expenses $150,000; Pitis
bure, population 205,000, rate 5 cents, annual
expenses $100,000; Cleveland, population
3t>2,000, rate 5 cents, aniiunl expenses $171,
--000; Chicago, population 1,700 rate 10
cents, annual expenses $285,000.
Of the above-named six large cities New
York pays the largest rate, which is only
abjut one-half the minimum rate in Ban
Francisco. In the other. five cities the rale is
less than one-half of that oi New York. In all
the cities named the water works are ownci
ami operated by the city.
Mayor Strong of New York City, In his late
message, referring to the Department of Pub
lic Works, makes the following report from
the Bureau of the Water Register :
•'For the first time in the history of the- city
the revenue collected last year from water
rents was more than enough to reimburse the
city for the entire outlay of the Department of
Public Works, which is taken from taxation.
To express it in another way, our water rents
paid lor road pavements, street lighting, care
of and repairs to the entire water system, care
of and repairs to public buildings, salaries,
wages and all other administrative expenses."
The editor of Outlook, New York, comment-
Ing on the above report, says: "These aston
ishing financial results were achieved in spite
of water rents lower than those of neighboring
towns supplied by private companies. Indeed,
it had seemed to us probable that part of the
expenses of the \Vnter Department whs borne
by general taxation. Instead, however, of the
taxpayers being burdened to make water
cheap in the homes and business establish
ments, the latter are paying not only for the
water they use, but also for that used by the
public in the streets, the parks rind the public
buildings, and finally, for all the expenses of
street lighting «md paving and the care of and
repairs to all public buildings. The profit to
the taxpayers from the public ownership of
the water works is almost without parallel.
The Mayor may well speak of the manage
ment of the Department of Public Works as
'clean, honest and Intelligent.' "
The report of the Water Department of Chi
cago for 1896 shows that the taxpayers of that
city are profiting almost as largely. as those of
New York from their ownership of the water
works. la brief the report reads as follows :
Receipts..... '. ...$3,228,000
Operating expenses -K;> v
Net earnings $2,94 1,000
The Investment in Chicago water works, ac
cording to the New York San, is $28,000,000.
When interest on bonds to this amount is de
ducted irom the net earnings the remaining
profits are over $1,500,000, or If 5 a year for ev
ery family in the city. Tee public also receives
free the vast quantities of water used in it*
parks, streets and public buildings, to say
nothingol fie incidental advantage of cheaper
fire Insurance than would be possible were
tho water supply in any way inadequdte. The
investment, large as it is, has certainly been a
most profitable one. - \
The above statement of comparative water
rates, obtained from the most reliable sources,
present «very strong argument in favor of
ownership by the City of its water wor*s, and
warrants your committee in the belief that
the existing rates arc excessive and should be
reduced, and we most respectfully submit the
same for consideration by your honorable
body, with the recommendation that such re
duction in rates may be made for the relief of
the City and its ratepayers as may seem just
and wise. .Respectfully submitted,
H. W. Hanxexann,
A. S. IICKKARD,
A. E. Buckingham.
Resolutions expressing the Grand Jury's
appreciation of the services rendered by
Patrick Crowley, Chief of Police, retired,
, were adopted.
Diamond Breastpin L.oat.
Mrs. Cooper. 2116 California street, while
leaving the Cafe Zinkand Monday ni K ht, lost
a diamond breastpin valued at #1000. She
discovered her loss almost immediately and
returned to the cafe. A boy told her ho savr
one of two ladies, who followed her out of the
cafe accompanied by a pentletnan, stoopand
pick ud the breastpin. Mrs. Cooper reported
the matter at police headquarters yesterday
morning, and Detectives (iibaon and Wren
were detailed on the case.
Arrested for Perjury.
Julian Prosper, who gives his address as the
California Hotel, Montgomery avenue, swore
to a complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
chiirging Eugene Cougoule with perjury,
cougoule on March U5 sworo to a complaint
before Judge Campbell charging Prosper with
being a vagrant. Tee cate wth tried and was
dismissed. It Is for nvearinß to the allega
tions In the complaint that Couguul* is
charged with committing perjury.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
The Schooner "Winchester as She Now Lies in Oakland Creek. A Party of Miners and Traders
Are About to Purchase Her and Go on a Six Months' Cruise to Alaska* About Twenty-
Five Men Have Joined and Twenty-Five Mere Are Expected in a Few Days.
DELMAS WINS A
VITAL POINT
At Last the Craven Suits
Will Come to
Trial.
No Special Panel for the Battle
Over the Fair Estate
Millions.
All of the Rial Estate, Except That
Claimed by Mrs. Craven, Ordered
Distributed.
Monday morning will see the opening
of the trial of the suit of the Fair c-3tate
agaitist Mrs. Craven. After weeks of en
deavor D. M. Delmas has at last won his
point and secured the trial of the case be
fore a jury.
A. month ago Mr. Delmas offered to
make almost any concession to the other
side provided no opposition to an inime
diate trial was interposed, but delay was
what the other side wanted, and another
month was added to the dreary wait.
Now the trial is imminent, and, instead
of securing the concessions Mr. Delmas
offered for a speedy trial, the attorneys for
the estate will have to come into court
anyway with no other satisfaction tnan
that of having compelled every one to be
idle for at least four weeks longer than
was necessary.
On Monday Judge Slack declared that
he desired the assistance of a jury in pass
ing on the issues of fact.
When that was made known Attorney
Pierson suggested that he thought what is
known as a "s;ruck" jury would be the
proper tribunal to consider this weighty
matter. He explained that in another
lorum the Judge chose forty-eight names
of prominent business men, who were
known to have good judgment, and names
were stricken from the list, first by one
side and then by the other, until only
three names remained. He thought a
similar course would yield satisfactory re
sults in this caae.
To this D. M. Delmas, representing
Mrs. Craven, made objection, saying that
he did not wish any jury of millionaires.
He read an article from the American
Law Journal, which expressed condemna
tion of a certain law in Missouri which
allows a rich man to put up $75 a week in
advance and secure the irapanelraent of
wnat is called a "business man's jury," to
be composed of "downtown merchants
and their clerks and bookkeepers. "
Jud^e Slack acceiteil the views of Mr.
Delmas in this respect, and yesterday
inornine, in making the order for a jury,
said: "The panel now in attendance in
this court will be excused from further at
tendance, and the cferk is directed to isauo
certificates of service to theni. A new
panel of 150 names will be drawn at. once,
and I direct the drawing to be made at
noon to - morrow. The names must be
drawn from the box ol jurors designated
by a\'. the Judges of the Superior Court, as
required by law. It' a proper jury should not
be secured in this way the blnme falls on
the law, not on this court. I know of no
reason why an appropriate jury may not
be obtained in this way.
It was ordered that tho panel should be
made returnable on Friday morning and
that the trial of the case shorn l begin at
11 o'clock next Monday morning, the 19ih
inst.
The motion to dismiss the jurors already
on the panel was made on the ground
that Mr. Delcuas' remarks a month uo
were of such a character as to warp the
minds of the men impaneled. On that
occasion Mr. Delrnas made a strong plea
for a trial, and then it was he ottered to
concede his rights as to argument, to
procedure, to almost anything, if the
other side would only quit skirmishing and
comedown to btninebs. His desire for a
trial was as evident as the reluctance of
his opponents, and as the panel of jury
men flat and listened to it all the attorneys
for the estate feared the situation might
work to their disadvantage, and so they
a-kei that the jurors be dismissed. It
was notcomplitnentary to the intelligence
of the jurors concerned, but they could
say nothing, and can only console them
selves by realizing what they have escaped.
Attorney firiltain, representing the of
fice of Delmas & Shortridge, stated to the
court that the application to take the
deposition of Attorney Charles S. Wheeler
would ba temporarily withdrawn, with
out prejudice to the right to renew the
application t take Mr. Wheeler's depo
sition before the court or a notary public.
This was allowed.
The distribution of real estate to the
heirs of James G. Fair was then proceeded
with. All the real estate, with the excep
tion of the two parcels uf land claimed
by Mrs. Craven, was ordered distributed
direcily to Mr*. Oelricns, Charles L. Fair
and Virginia Fair. This is follow. ng oat
the principle laid down in Judge Slack's
opinion heretofore rendered, in which the
f>retended trust attempted to be estab
ished in the will of James O. Fair was
declared invalid.
EABTEE OPENING OF MILLINERY.
Adcock, 10 Kearny street, Monday,' April 12,
and following days." : •
STILL HOPE FOR
THE SAMARIA
Captain McLeod of the
Rufus E. Wood Thinks
He Spoke Her.
She Was Then Disabled With
Not a Stitch of Canvas
on the Main.
A Company of Miners and Traders
Is About to Purchase the
Schooner Winchester.
Negctiations for the purchase of the
smart schooner Winchester by the body of
men who are to make a prospecting ana
trading cruise to Alaska have almost been
completed. It is the intention to make
the party not less than thirty nor more
than fifty, and of this number twenty-live
have already signed the articles oi agree
ment. Each member is to put up $200,
and the cruise is to last six months. Pro
visions to last nine months will be tafcen,
and a large quantity of trade will also be
stowed in the hold. The latter will con
sist mainly of trinkets, bright dress goods,
Hour, sugar and arms and ammunition.
To show wi>at confidence is felt in the
venturety business men, J. F. Cunning
ham, managing owner of the Winchester,
has taken several shares and will send out
at least two men to go prospectine on his
account. Messrs. McNevin and Newman,
who are handling the venture, and a dele
gation cf prospectors went over to Oak
land Creek to look at the Winchester yes
terday, and they were so pleased with the
handsome craft that the chances are the
purchase will be completed to-day.
In some quarters there are grave fears
for the American suiD Samaria, now out
twenty-liv«t days from Seattle, while in
others every confidence is expressed that
sne will finally rrach por;. Oiie man hold
ing to the latter belief is Captain McLeod
of the Rufus E. Wood, which made the
trip from Nanaimo, 15. C, in eleven days.
Yesterday Captain McLeod was discuss
ing the matter with Donald Ross and
others and gave his reason for his belief
as tallows:
"Exactly twelve days ago this morn
ing," said he, "I was 180 miles off the
mouth of the Columbia River." [The
Knfus E. Wood reached this port on the
10th in-t.j "Hull down, behind us 1 could
see a tship without a stitch of canvas on
her main, and only the light sails on her
fore and mizzen. She was heading for the
river, and I came to the conclusion that
the mainmast was sprune and that the
captain was afraid of carrying sail even in
the light breeze for fear of doing more
damage. Late in '.he afternoon the shirt
put about.and took up the same course I
was steering. The Wood had every stitch
of canvas set, and it was not long before
the other vessel wai out of sight. From
that time to port we had iigbi winds and
calms, and the same kind of weather nas
prevailed ever since. While lam not sure
that it was the Samaria I sighted, still I
have no hesitation in saying that 1 think
she will reach port in a disabled condi
tion."
John A. Dunleuvy, son of Police Cap
tain Dunleavy, died at the residence of
bis lather, 511 Page street, yesterday. He
was a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years, and lor some time h:is been an in
valid. His father wna at the Harbor
Police station when his son died and he
at once placed Sergeant Mahoney in
charge when the news came and hurried
home. It is not so very long ago that
Captain Dunleavy lost another son, and
now that this second affliction has come
upon him he has the heartfelt sympathy
of everyoody on tiie water front.
Arthur Sewall. late Democratic candi
date for the Vice-Presidency of the United
States, made a trip around the bay on
Henry Peterson's laancti Amy yesterday.
He was accompanied by Mr. Cuesebrough
of William*, Dlmond & Co. and Captain
Metcalf, Lloyds' surveyor. Their first
trip was to Packard Rock, where the
Benjamin F. Packard of Se wall's ihips
was run aground by one of the red stack
tugs. From there the party went to the
Union Iron Works and other points of in
terest.
The following dispatch in regard to the
steamer Ynqnina was received by the
Merchants' Kxchange yesterday :
HUENKME, April 13. - Yaquina lying
easy in the same poiitton as yesterday. Noth
ing further done, as the remaining freight is
under water The tue Vigilant, with Captain
Goodall on board, is expected Hourly. The
weather is fine— no sea and wind, "if the
weather continue* moderate the vessel may
possibly be saved.
The City of Para came into port last
Monday evening with her flag at half
mast. When off Acajutla Second Assist
ant Engineer Joseph F. Smith died irom
typhoid pneumonia and had to be buried
at sea, as the anthori'.ies at Acajuila de
manded 11000 for the privilege of burying
him on shore.
1 !«•!(! for 31 v ill rr.
Judge Joachlrasen decided yesterday to hold
George Rlley to answer before the Superior
Court on the charge : of murder without bail.
Kiley is accused of fatally shooting William
Hennessey In the St. David House on Howard
street, March 10, during a drunken carousal
He has also a charge of burglary pending
against him.
WAS STRUCK BY
A STREETCAR
It Seemed to Go Like a
Bullet Out of a
Gun.
Edward L. Levey, an Old Ex
pressman, Knocked From
His Wagon.
No Bell Was Rung, He Declare?, and
No Warning of the Impending
Danger Was G.ven
The damage case of Edward L. Levey
against the MarKet-street Railway Com
pany was on trial in Judge Banrs' court
yesterday.
Mr. Levey is an expressman by occupa
tion. He complains that on the 24th of
last December a car belonging to the de
fendant company crashed into his wagon
while he was trying to cross Mission street,
near Erie, not far from the old Woodward
Gardens property. Because of the col
lision he received severe injuries, and con
sequently demands $50,000 damages.
Samuel M. Shortridge, attorney for the
p". in [l tiff, made a brief statement to the
jury in regard to the facts involved in the
case. He said that Mr. Levey was in the
ordinary discharge of his duties and that
he expected to prove the collision com
plained of resulted from the carelessness
of the employes of the railway company;
that while Mr. Levey was driving in a
proper way the car dashed on him, threw
him from his wagon and permanently in*
jured him ; that the car was coiac at a
higher rate of speed tuan i* allowed by
law; that no bell was rung and no warn
ing was given in order that the plaintiff
might have protected himself.
The injuries are so serious that he will
not be aole lo properly attend to his busi
ness again.
Mr. Levey gave a graphic account of the
accident, lie said he was driving along,
and, before turning his team, looked both
ways to sec if any car was coming. He
saw no car and straightened bis horses out
to get across the track, when he heard
some shouts by people on the street, and
the next instant he was flying through
the air. He was knocked so far that he
was unconscious when he fell. There was
a curve in the tracff, and the car turning
round it came toward him like a bullet
out of a gun. That was the only way in
which he could explain the fact that he
couM not see the car just before it struck
him.
Some question was made by Attorney
Charles L. Ackerman on behalf of the
railway company in regard to the ability
of the plaintiff to see what was gome on
around him, considering tne fact tnat Mr.
Levev's wagon had a cover on it. In re
ply Mr. Levey explained that the oilcloth
flaps of the cover were rolled up and tied
on both aides to the stanchions; that they
did not interfere with his view in driving.
Mr. Ackerman insisted that with th.
side covers In that condition the plaintiff
could not see the tiack twenty feet back
ot him.
The reply of Mr. Levev caused a smile
to flit across the countenances of the jurors,
for he simply said, "I was not looking for
the track, I was looking for the car."
Still Mr. Ackerman was not satisfied.
He thought tnat the plaintiff could see the
sew to-dat;
If you |
were a city grocer, fond of
yourself and family, and not
particularly fond of your
customers — -merely cows to
be milked — would you give
up big profits (on adulter-
ated food) and sell pure
tea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
like Schillings Best?
Or would you keep on
with big profits, and in-
dulge yourself and family
at your customers' expense?
Some grocers are giving
up big profits and adulter-
ated food, because it is
wiser and better.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 009
track as far as he could see a car, but the
witness replied that as a practical man he
thoueht he could sec a car more than twice
as far as he could distinguish the position
of the track.
Dr. Frederick W. Harris testified to the
painful character of the injuries. The in
dications were that the brain and the spinal
cord had been injured. He could not de
tect any permanent injury at tne present
time, but the patient is constantly com
piaining of his sufferings.
J. Booker, a glasaworker, testified that
he saw the accident. He was on the car
that struck the old man's wagon. He
thought the collision occurred some dis
tance from the spot described by the
plaintiff, and it became necessaryto go
with the jurors, lawyer?, witness and all
to the scene of the catastrophe, court still
being in session.
In his testimony Mr. Booker said the
car which struck Mr. Levey's wa>;on was
going at a high rate of speed and he heard
no bells ringing, nor did he note any
other warning?.
While Dr. Harris was examining Mr.
Levey in court the fact was developed
that ho had lost the grip of bis right hand
and could not lift any woiehr. with it.
Tom's Heart I< Broken.
Thomas Eragorri has sued Bridget Steams,
formerly Bridget Ramage, and Victor J.
Steams for $10,500 damages He avers that
Bridget promised lo inurry him and afterward
broke her agreement to ioin destinies with
Steams. This hurt his feelings. Hence this
suit.
NEW TO-DAY.
WONDERFUL
RECOVERIES.
The Words of San Fran-
cisco People Who Have
Been Cured.
It Stands as a Barrier Between
Suffering Humanity and
the Grave.
No Matter What Your Trouble, the
Eminent Specialists Who Are Carry-
ing on This beneficent Work Will
Examine You, Give an Honest-
Opinion of Your Case and
Tell Yon Whether
You Can lie
Cured.
Herman Frank of the Seaman's Institute, San
Francisco, says:
'•For yean 1 have been troubled with nervous de-
billtv, suffering terribly mentally as well as phy-
sically. Alter treating a number of years with
vu.uus pnysiclans. I had near y given up all
hope ii being a well man again when I read an »c-
-count of the electro-medical treatment, a tier a
very few treatments at the institute 1 realized I
wes being greatly benefited, and to-day thpie is not
a healthier or happier man where than my-
self."
Mrs. Jos'.e Nuhlson of 1019 Guerrero street, San
Francisco, says: >-'V
"For a time 1 was an Invalid from asthma and
lung trouble. I was always doctoring. 'I hree well-
known physicians of tcis City nad treated me, and
I said I was going into consumption. On the ;■:() n
of last November 1 was placed under the
e.ectro-medical treatment at the .State Electro-
Medical Institute, and at ohce began to Diclt up.
My night sweats and fever have gone, and 1 have
completely recovered."
T. T. Hiil, at 1043 Market street, a well-known
employe of the Stanford estate, says:
"I applied a' the State Klectro-Medical Institute
Jatiumy "23. 1897, beln: for six years a sufferer
from catarrhal troubles of the head. I was greatly
bothered with noises In the head and ringing in
the ears, li affected me so much that I was deaf
in the left ear. Tbe doctors et the Institute sub- I
jected me to electrical treatment and • prescribed
internul remedies The electrical breeze which
they piled npon my head white 1 was seated upon
the platform of their large static battery was very
soothing to the nerves of my head. The swim-
ming fe<-liug In my head aud the ringing in the
ears have all gone. 1 had tried the best physicians
of tbls State and Illinois without relief. The
electro-medical treatment Is a new and wonderful
medical discovery." •
Mus Annie »adolin, Girls' Union Home, 925
.Pine street, city, says:
•■Three years as;o i consulted three very promi-
nent surgeons of this city who gave their atten-
tion to female troubles, and each one agreed that
I was the subject of an ovarian tumor. All in-
I sisted positively that I could not get we. I without
a severe cutting operation. liy the electro-medi-
cal treatment the tumor, to my surprise .md satis-
faction, soon began to decrease sensibly, and at
present date la cone altogether. I feel that 1 have
experienced a notable cure.
Alouzo .Morrow, 905 Fnlmore street, city, says:
'•I h.»v<« just been cured of eczema by the Klectro-
Medical Cure, which recently created such a
furor of excitement In the scientific world. For
many long muntbs I had suffered intolerable itch-
ing on my chest, back and necK. .Having tried
many remedies and doctors, 1 was astonished at
the rapid relief 1 received nt the State Klectro-
| MedlCHl Institute at No ;■< Eddy street, near Mar-
ket. The eminent i-peciallsls of the institute who
discovered this comoined treatment of medicine
and electricity have not only effected a complete
cure of my ailment, but have made a number of
cures in other diseases that 1 know of >rhlcU are
truly wonderful. '
William Fitzgerald, 961 Mission street, city,
says:
"The doctors of the State Electro- Medical Insti-
tute cured me, us they have many others. Ktght
years of almost constant pain makes me appreci-
I ate the marvelous cure effected. I really thinic that
i the Klectro-Metlical treat meul is the only thing in
the world that will cure a bail case ot rbeumatitm.
1 had tried electricity alone and medicines alone,
but '.he combined and well-defined treatment of
medic. ne and electricity of this Institute has
proved my greatest blessing. 1 never before took
any medicines just like them. They have changed
my condition from one of misery to happiness.
There is nothing like their electrical appliance
elsewhere on the Pacific Coast. You may depend
on what the doctors say. They will not tell you
they can cure you unless they can."
Charles schill. 202 Kighth street, city, says:
"For years 1 have been afflicted with nervous de-
bility, heart, stomach and nervous trcucles,'
which preatly hindered .me iv my work, I suf-
fered pain and oppression of tne chest, shortness of
breath, lmlpitatlou of the heart and nervous weak-
ness. On January 4 I went under treatment at
the fetate KU-ctro-Medical Institute. I lm-
nits] lately began to Improve and can now say 1
am a well man again. My whole life is changed
from one of gloom to gladness."
Nothinj: Else Like It.
Under no circumstances should the Electro-
Medical Cure bo confounded with the ordinary-
electric treatment as applied by common bat-
teries or with such crude magnetic appliances
as electric belts and the like. The Electro-
Medical Cure is different in fundamental
principle, different in application ami differ-
entin effect. It is a. well-defined new system
of combining medicine with electricity, which
is adapted to the old and the young, the nerv-
ous, bilious, lymphntic; in fact, to each and
every condition of the human system.
Home Treatment.
If you live out of town and cannot visit the
Institute this need not deprive you of the
benefits o; this wonderful treatment. It is
only necessary to write a plain statement of
your condition, explaining your foeliners and
symptoms as clearly as possible. and from it
the Institute Doctors will be able to accurately
diagnose your case. It only costs you the
trouble of writing and two cents in postage to
(ret the opinion and advice of the Institute
doctors. Address — • ; '
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET,
\ ■■'■dh San Francisco. Ca'. '
HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.' .
A I PA7AD THE GREAT
HLIIA^AII SUCCESS OF
Belasco.feLaFaille.Mrs. | THE WEEK!
llugh Conway's Famous Flay,
"CALLED BACK!"
An Artistic Triumph for the Company and for
(■KOKUti OSBOUKNK. ,
Onr Popular Prices. Seals Reserve! by Tele-
phone Black 991. ■ :
. THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTKKNOON AND EVENING.
GRAB OPEMIR PERFORMANCES!
ANIMATObCOI'E Every Night.
ADMISSION. 10c. . . CHILDREN. sc.
LURLISE SALT WATER BATHS,
Cor. Bush and Ijirkln sts. — Kecent Improvements.
KNAMELKD SWIMMING TANK.
: Additions to Tub Department. : •
Admission, 10c. . Admission, lncluiiini; swim, 25c
Upen l».»y aud .Eveuing. ■
isxw to-dat:
THEUMATISJr
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to cure acute or muscular rheuma-
tism in Irom one to five days. Sharp,
shooting pains in any part of the body
stopped by a few doses. A prompt, com-
plete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, : iff bacK and all pains in hips
and loins.' Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used.
Price, 25c. 1
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each,
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, i^hiindelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
KEW TO-DAI-AMUSEMESTI
BALDWIN THEATER.
*- v«aa" tfct-u. (inrnrporateJ) fXOPßiisu.'l
3d AND LAST WEEK-ENGAGEMENT OP
OTIS JS UNJUST 33 271.
MATI.VEK TO-DAY— Benefit Fruit and Flower
Mission. Special Programme.
To-Night (Wednesday ) -Double Bill, •
"MERCHANT OF VENICE" and
"KATHBRINE AN'} PETRUCHIO"
Thursday (by request).. "LADY OF LYONS"
Friday "HAMIiKT! ••
Saturday Matlne* "LADY OF LYONS"
Saturday Evening "KICUAKD HI"
Opening SUNDAY EVENING, APRIL 18,
PRIMROSE an WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
WHITES AND BLACKS.
Innumerable New ami lirilliant Acts.
SKATS KKADY TUCKS DAY.
'niCDLAnDt.'LOOTTLOD'* o>« itittiArururaetio---
ALL OF ONK OPINION!
••A Most L'elighiful .Performance."
MISSbEORQIACAYVAN
' L nj-i_ri_r_~_r _j~i,/~ui~i_i~i_i~i_i~i _i~ _ i — i < — i > — i i — i i — i ~i_<~i_p_j~>_rv
And Her Widely I'raUed Company
In Robert Buchanan's Beautiful Pastoral Drama,
"SQUIRE KATE!"
Every evening, including Sunday. -Mat. Saturday.
Next Monday— Miss CAYVAN la
** MARY rjBNN'INGTON, SPINSTER! "
Seats now on sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mr*r I ■■■■■!■■ j%bei.?n- >. Proprietor * M,ana;9r
TO-RTIO-HT
THE ARTISTIC TRIUMPH I
PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION
Of Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish Opera,
TBE LILY OF KILLARNEY.
(THE COLL KN iJ AWN.)
An Operatic Kealization of Hour lea ult'a Famous
Play.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
__ .
r MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI-'iKit iIOBOSCO. ..SoIa lessee and M:»a.»;.i:
ELABORATE SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of trip Sensational Comedy Success
"THE WAIFS OF SEW YORK."
Second Week of the Clever Dancing and (Singing
Soubrette
MOLLIE THOMPSON*.
Many Specialty Artists Engaged for
,-^ This Occasion
Great Fire Scene! Keal Horses and Engine!
New Songs. Dances, Medleys and Specialties!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
IV I at j n im* ip ii tv :i 1 1 • t "»nnrts»r.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY).
I'uniuet, any seat. 25c: .Balcony, any sea:, I ) :
Children. 10c, any pan of the house.
IMMEDIATE II ITS OF
MERRILKKS SISTKK^, direct from London:
HAKRIS& WALTERS, eccentric duo: KRONE-
MANN iJRnTHKRs, grotesque gymnasts;
EVANS & ViliOCQ, conversationalists, and
TIIK l-'ALST PAMOMI.VK COMPANY! In
conjunction with a GREAT BIG BILL!
latest European Novelty! — The London Bell-
Rins;eri in the Annex every evening.
HOMES FOR ALL!
Free Public Lecture
Illustrated with colored stenoptlcon slides from
original views will begivtn by
MR. : WENDELL : EASTON
AT
GOLDEN GATE HALL,
Entter street, near Taylor,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 14,
At 8 O'Clock.
Subject:
"CALIFORNIA COUNTRY HOMES,"
With special reference to
Orange and Lemon Culture in the
Foothills of the Sierras.
11 ■
OOME ONE! COME AT_iT_i!
Ladles Kspecally Invited. . ■ ■ %.->-
SUTRO BATHS.
GRAND OPENING BATHING SEASON.
SUNDAY, APRIL 18. I 897.
IMM RBBJC PROGRAMME.
Mr. Charles Cavil! in Ills Wonderful Mont© Crlsto
Drowning Act.
High Divine by Profs, t-ay. King and linn:.
Trapeze Diving by Prof <. Roaenbaum, Hunt, Gay
and King.
High and Fancy ' Divine by the Sutro Baths
Swimming Club.
Different styles of swimming by Messrs. Charles
Ciivill, Kin*, Hunt, uoseiiuaum and Gay.
Valuable Prizes for 00 and 100 Yard Races.
Urand Concert, by the Sutro Baths Band.
OPKN DAILY— 7 A. M. TO HP. 31.
Bathing, including Admission: Adults, 23c: Chil-
dreu, -Oc.
General Admlst.uu, lUc: Children. 5a
RACING! RACING: RACING!
CALIFOKNIA JOCKEY CLUB-
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, April 5, to April 17, Incluilra
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine .Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday,
'HiursUity, Friday and buturday.
Xciii or Shine.
FIVE OK MORE RACES EACH DAT.
. ltacefi Start ac 2:15 P. .31. Sharp—
Ferry Boats lrave San Francisco ac 12 at. aat
12 :SO, 1 .00, 1 :30, 2 :00, M -.30 and 3 P. M.. connect-
ing wltu trains stopping at the entrance to tract
Buy your ferry tickets to >>hell Mound.
Returning— Train* leave the Trade at 4:15 aal
4:15 c m. and ltamedlately after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS J IL. i're.iulua-
B. B. MIJLKOY, secretary.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RB.
modeled and renovated. KING, WAKO*oa
European plan.', Kooms 60a to *1 60 per day, it
to 9 s per week, *ss to $3U per montn: tree bath*;
hot and cold water overy room: tin grfttw 14
every royui; tiev»i.j- f\tut aliuixaC
78
VETERAN KARNS'
BAD NICKELS
Two Years' Imprisonment
Given to an Old
Soldier.
Convicted of Having: a Handful
of Counterfeit Coin on
H:s Person.
Attempt to Introduce a Statement in
Court in Mitigation of Pun
is 1 men t.
■William A. Karns, 60 years old, stood up
before United States District Judge Mor
row yesterday afternoon to receive sen
tence Tor having had thirty counterfeit
nickels in his possession In the city of
Btockton.
A jury on the evening before had con-
Ticted him on one of the counts of the in
dictment found against him by the Grand
Jury. A. P. Van Dozer asked permission
to address the court ana to lav some facts
before it proving that the prisoner at the
bar was an old sold.er and that he had al
ways borne a good reputation, but Judge
Morrow sternly oidered him to take his
teat.
Tne prisoner was then sentenced to pay
a fine of $100 and to be confined in the San
Quentin prison for two years.
The paper whicn Mr. Van Duzer had
HEW 10-DAT.
VARI-CO-CELE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man*
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
While you sleep at night —-fis^-^" Dr. Sanden's EBcctric !
this belt soaks your : S^~ Belt has & newly pat*
weakened nerves full of • :===r M'i^ : szz ented regulator which
electricity and restores -^^■£~!*%'f§? makes the current mild
your health. It is surer "j|f if £?" -^L€fi~= or strong while the belt
and cheaper than mcdi* Sc? M&fii^M ' s on the body. No other
cine. <P?*»^v 'S^'/ belt made can be regu-
mj®X? lated.
The disease known as Taricocele has baffled the medical profession at every tnm.
The various attempts to remove it have ail proven ineffective, and some of them even
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and manage
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its large following of wasting
weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele is a congestion of the stagnant blood in the
Terns, with considerable distention of the glands. Electricity will decompose this
congested state and drive the stagnant blood into the circulation, relieving the vein*
•i the weakening strain, at the same time contracting the glands which have grown
weak from the disease, thus curing the whole trouble. ~
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
Recognized by the medical profession as the most scientific method for the application
Of the electric current to the body, and backed by many thousanJs of cures of various
nervous and chronic cases, is now acknowledged the best means of reaching the dread
■Mtina- disease . * ""
VARICOCELE.
Its power over this disease is remarKable. Cures have been completed in one
■month, and the worst cases can be reached in three months by this belt. As an evi-
dence of recent results the following will be interesting:
"I would like to add my testimony to numerous others in possession of Dr.
Banden's Electric Belt Co. I purchased a belt from Dr. Sanden about tHe first of
April, which I used according to directions, and after three months* trial I am happy
*o state that my varicocele. which was of twelve years' standing, is almost entirely
disappeared, my testicles being almost normal. I take great pleasure in recommend-
ing this Belt to any one suffering from like trouble. Respectfully yours,
"W. E. JOHNS, 1139 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
"On receipt of your Belt I was requested to report in thirty days and I therefore
let you know how lam getting along. I must say that the results are away beyond
any expectations, and I now. believe in theVonderful power of the Belt. I notice an
Improvement all over my body and especially the varicocele, which before I wore the
Belt were large swollen veins, have almost entirely and completely disappeared, and
the seminal weakness which I have suffered from for a long time has entirely disap-
peared. lam now as strong in this particular as I wish to be. I wish you to publish
this letter that other sufferers my profit by my experience."
N. DAMATO, Penryn, Cal.
' - The losses are nearly all stopped and the varicocele almost entirely cone. Tout
feelt is a good one." J. x. ESTHER, Emigrant Gap, Cal.
My varicocele, which was very bad and painful, so that I had to wear a support.
Was helped right away and in one month had disappeared altogether " «-
A. A. KURTZ, Tualitan, Or. .
"I had varicocele and weakness of 26 years' standing. Your Dr. Sanden Electrlt
Belt has cured me. L. L. JACCARD. Jeweler. San Leandro. L'aL
Think of the happiness, the deep, heart-whole con-
tent that settles upon your mind when you say to your-
•elf, "I am strong and manly ; I have preserved the gift
of manhood that nature gave me." Yes,, you who can
say that, and say it honestly, think of how much you owe
to nature, the giver of manhood. Yet not many can say
it. There are too many pitfalls, too many temptations in
the path of young men, and too many of them fa 11 ..;
It is to correct the error of youthful folly, and to
point out the happy recovery of manly vigor by his won-
derful Electric Belt, that Dr. Sanden has given; to the
world his famous book, "Three Classes of Men." He
will send a pocket edition, free, sealed, to any sufferer, or
to any man who does not feel himself a man. Get it. Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt cures weak men.
S A S\S O£ fM FLFPTPIP fO ° 32 Market St.. Opposite
™ ' V"** " ' '^ CL.E.V* I ItlU \*%Jmm Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
.iriSriK'n *Jhur ? 30 *• M - : Sundays. 10 to L Lo^Auseio* Offico '204 aoata Btovl- 1
* y KtS£- 51-Or aj w *>> hl "g ton street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth btreet . . •
*Ul.t.-.iUke no mistake m liit numDer-632 Market btreefc Make no to of It
»li. SA.MJI.-Ns EJLKCTKIC IKUSS CUllKb K UiiiS.
desired to read to the court was a state
men i addressed to him and written by tlie
prisoner in the Alameda County Jail.
The statement elves a sketch of the life
of Karns ;is a Union soldier. He enlisted
in July, 1861, in Company A. Thirty-eighth
Ohio Volunteer Infantry, ior theierm of
three yea;>, or during the war. In the
latter part of 1861 hi* comp::nv was with
the command of General George H.
lliomas at Lebanon, Ky.. where he acted
as Provost Marshal, On that orca^ion he
was ordered to report to General Thoma\
who instructed him to deliver a dispatch
to Brigadier-General Seff, then at Sum
merat, eighty miles away. He -ucceeded
in delivering Die dispatcb, although fired
upon several times by ttie enemy.
At the battle of Mills Springs he had
the honor oi recevini: and transmitting
the iirst order o; General Tbomai on tiie
battle-field. He was not more than thirty
feet, from the Confederate general Zolli
coffer when the latter fell from his horse
latally wounded.
Karns was afterward selected as one of
the scouts for General Rosetrans. He
remained with his regiment until after
the fall of Corinth. He nelpcd to storrr
Missionary Ridge. He was la seventy
two engagements duii:;jr the war and was
wounded in the leg with a bullet at the
battle of Cbickamauga.
It would not have been proper to have
allowed the statement to be read in court
after the prisoner had been convicted,
and it bad no bearing on his case. This
was rrobabiy why Judge Morrow would
not allow it to be read.
K:»rns will be taken to San Qnentin on
Saturday. His attorney will appeal the
case.
Lnte Trains to the Iteuch.
Beginning to-morrow there will he hourly
tra.iis on the Park and Ocean streetcar line
after GP. M. Truins will leave at the Ha ght
street terminus at 7 p. M. and hourly there
after until 10, in addition to the reguiar
service as heretofore. They will leave the
beach at the half-hour, the last train leaving
at 10:30 P. M.
Mrs. Long 'Wants Her Money.
Mrs. Clara I. Long lias sued John T. Long for
$2000. She avers that on the 19th of June,
1894, the Superior Court in Pierce Comity,
Wash, sranted her a divorce from the de
fendant In this suit, wherein it was decreed
that he should pay her $2000, and she Insists
on having the money right away.
the san Francisco call, Wednesday, april 14, is 97.
HOMEOPATHS
GIVEN A SETBACK
University Regents Post
pone the Affiliation
Question.
The Wilmerding School Site
Also Elicits Much Dis
cussion.
Cooper M?dical Cclltgj Makps
Petition— No Secretary Has Yit
Been Selected
The regents of the Slate University met
yesterday at the Hopkins Institute of Art.
Governor Budd occupied tlie chair.
Previous to the call to order a commit
tee from the Merchants' Association, con
sisting of Irving M. Hcott, A. S. Baldwin,
F. W. Dohrmann, E. B. Pond and Secre
tary Freud, met in conference with a com
mittee from tiie reeents and d:«ous«»ed the
proposition of a site for tne Wilmerdin^
School. Information was giypn the board
that a site would be presented free of
charge, though iis precise location was
not designated.
In the judgment of the Morchants' As
sociation any of these sites mentioned as
available would answer every require
ment Mr. Scott presented Mrs. Stan
ford's recent communication to the trus
tees of. Stanford University, in which she
spoke in favor of locating the school in
this City, and himself voiced the opin
ion that San Francisco is the place for the
school.
No action in the matter was taken at
the time, but later on it was brought up
again by Regent Puelp*. aad after some
discussion, in which Recent John E.
Budd evidenced antipathy to its being
taken as a ioregone conclusion that the
plum will fall into the local basket, the
matter wai referred to a committee, com
} O!<ed of Re tre nts Arrbur Roiigers, C A.
S>l«ck and F. G. Ptielns, to meet with a
comin ttee irorn ihe Merchants' Associa
tion and look over the round!) that bo'iy
had ii view. Before this committee can
take any action it must report bacK to the
board.
The resignation of Professor Neif of the
veterinary department was received and
aeoe.pteU.
A letter from Professor Hilgard was
read, in which he caiied attention to the
pressing necessity of t» feint: some action
in the matier of university printing. The
institution 1 greatly perturbed over the
matter, owinu to tlie Governor's veto of
the Stale printing appropriation.
Regent Rodders thought the matter
shou.d be refers d to a special committee
with instructions to make a thorough ex
amination and report thereon. Governor
Budd here embrac-d the chance to give
the board ■ verbal castigation. He said
that the printim: investigation showed
beyond all doubt that ihe university
printing in the pan has been marked by
unexampled extravagance.
Governor Budd himself and Regents
Crocker and Rodgers were appointed a
committee to inquire into the matter, but
it was decided, nevertheless, to have 6000
cojiies of the university register printed
at Sac r amento.
Professor Langley sent in his applica
tion for a four days' leave of absence with
'tut lost of pay, and the same drew down
the vigorous censure of Regent Foote.
In fact, before he finished ilie gentleman
almost belligerent.
"Thi3 board has absolutely no right
under ;he rules to grant such a request,
i am opposed to it tirst, last and all the
t me. It is contrary to the low on the
subject."
The maiter was referred to the law com
mittee without further discussion, but
was important on account of t. c fact that
a similar instance rose later on, in which
Regent Koote was antagonized to the ex
tent of a triumph on the part of his op
ponents.
The proposition to alliliate the Hahne
raann College with the university Drought
;orth another strong protest from Regent
Waimce. Leading medical men, he be
j icved, were opposed to the nlea. Any
way, they had asserted, so he said, that a
college of this description had never yet
! t>een affiliated with a leading university,
| except at AniuArbor, Mich., and that was
done by trickery.
Regent Chester Rowell, who is an allo
path,c pbysiciAA, si>oke against tne pro
posed affiliation as oeing unwise and not
po!i;ic. He contended that homeopalns
had nothing new to offsr in the way of af
filiation, and that the fairest thing was to
grant them a chair of theory and practice
in the niea.cai department of the uni
versity.
Regent C. F. Crocker, who with Regents
A. y. Haliidie and William T. Watts,
brought in the report, rose in its defense.
Mr. \Yntts, he stated had voted adversely,
but Mr. Haliidle himself bad voted in
htvor oi it because no one had appeared
be ore them ami presented any reason why
they shouid not aili.iate. T..e matter waa
compromised uv nt*kinj it a subject for
especial consideration at the August
meeting.
Then the proponents and opponents of
the question could appear and settle the
thing. Regent John E. BuoVl naively
inquired whether the Augu-u meetiue
should be "ieid here or. in Carson City ,
thereby serio lslv interfering with the
soiemn conclave of the board for some
time.
it was decided that in future the deposit
of $10 inquired of students to pay the
expenses of their diplomas should be
reduced to $5. Regent J. B. Reinstein
stated that only about $2 50 was required
for that purpose, whereupon Regent Foote
wanted the balance refunded to the
students. His desire Jailed to prevail, but
an appropriation of $250 was made to
relieve the expenses ot the graduating
class, instead.
Ttie co-mmitten on the estate of Harold
Whiting, in Massachusetts, which wa<
left as a legacy to ti;e university, reported
that it could be secured by the payment of
a collateral inheritance tax of $1000 The
estate n mounts to $20,000.
Tne regents further signified their de
sire to have a chair of the Scandinavian
languages endowed ut Hie earliest possible
moment.
By a vote of 16 to 3 it was decided to
sen i Professor Lawsoo as a repre.-enttitive
ol the university to the International theo
logical Convention to be held at Si. Pe
tersburg. The technicality of allowing
Mm no salary but expenses amounting
lo hi-, salary in his absence was resorted
to in order 10 avoid the legal provision on
til 4 subject.
Recent Foote asain matie vigorous ob
jections to sucli a proceedini!, uut to his
evident chagrin was overruled.
Processor True of the department of
phy-ica endeavored to obtain a year's
leave of ausence to pursue a course at Chi
cago, Out it was deemed inadvisable to
him leuve of absence at this time.
After earnest discussion it was voted
that an appropriation not to exceed
?0'2,000 he made to Cover the expense of
•■oiibiructing a two-story frume ouildme
between the library and chemistry build
ing at ihe university. This bunding hat
become an absolute necessity as a tem
porary expedient to relieve ihe over
crowded condition now prevailing. Regent
Denickeaiso spoke heartily in favor of an
improvement to the gymnasium building.
- Professor Soule was appointed to make
an examination oi tue cement being used
in tv« cuflfciructiua oi the Aililuued Col
lege building?. Regent Denicke had
brought specimens for examination by
the board, and it was cliumtd that the
<e l" enl llsed is of * yer - inferior quality.
v\ lien the question of tne selection of a
su.ces^or to Mr. Bonte in the office of
general secretary of the university was
broucht forward the board went into ex
ecutive session.
It was stated by one of the regents
aiter-ward tu a t there are no le?s than
forty-eight applicants for the posi;ion. It
was found impossible to agree on any one
man, and the selection of a secretary was
postponed for a mouth.
It was decided to send a recommenda
tion to the Secretary o; War to appoint as
instructor in military science at the uni
versity either Lieutenant Sidney A. Clo
mun or Lieutenant \V. H. Bertsch, with
the former as first choice.
An adjournment was finally taken till a
week from next Tuesday, at whicn time
all unfinished business will be settled.
The following petition has been sent to
the Bca-U ot Regents by the president of
Cooper Medical College:
To the Honorable Poarrt of Regent* of the Uni
versity 0/ California— Gentlemen: Tne under
signed having learned thai it has been decided
to grant the degree of bachelor of science to
students who hiUt three years' study in the
university then pursue the study of medicine
la the medical department of that insiitutlou
respectfully requests that tne same degree be
granted to students of the university who n.ey
pursue the study of medicine in the Cooper
Medical College.
This is asked for on the following grounds:
Cooper Meaical College, as the successor ol the
medical department nf the University of the
Pacific, founded in 1853, 1s the pioneer medi
cal i.istuuiion of the Pacific Coast; it has a
large cUss ol stuitentsi, averaging nnnually
nearly 200. These students, through th-ir
parents and friends, represent a large uumoer
of the taxpayers of the State of California, and
thus, they beiim contributors to the mainten
ance of the university, your petitioner re
quests that they be conceded a iair share in
its honors and privileges.
Cooper Medical Coilejre has ri<sen to its
prasent prosperity whohy through individual
enterpri.-e; its laculty works without salary.
It h«« never appealed to the Legislature for
aid, but on the contrary it pays heavy taxes.
hvidence tnat Coop-r Medical College is
maintaining a high standard ot medicul edu
cation is the iact that tne institution is recog
nized by the loading medical authorities of
Europe. In addition to its course of four
years' study, the president of the school has
recently found**! a course of lectures to be
given annually by some one who has attained
a world-wide eminence in medicine. This
course, ia 189U, was delivered by Professor
William Macewen; and this year the lectures
will be given br Christorner Heath, iate
president of the Royal Collt-ge ot Surgeons,
England. These lectures give tne students of
Cooper Medical College an it-structiou winch
otherwise toejr couM only obtnin abroad.
Basing his request on tne above grounds, the
undersigned respectfully solicits your favor
able action. L, v. Lane,
President of Cooper Medical College.
San Francisco, April 10. 1597.
PROMINENT JAPANESE.
Delegates to the Poiitul Congress anil
-Men Who Will Build a,
Palace.
Among the arrivals at tie Palace Mon
day was a delegation of eight or nine
prominent Japanese, who reached this
country a few days ago by the steamer
Empress of Japan, landing at Seattle.
From there they came by rail.
One party, consisting of K. Komatsu and
K. Yukawa, are delegates to the Interna
tional Postal Congress, which meets in
Washington, D. C., early in May. Tne
other* of the visitor?, consisting of N.
Katika, K. Nariji, T. Kondo, Z. Hashi
moto, K. Kaiaoka and T. Kauerkango, are
in the United States to examine into the
construction of steel buildings, with the
nd in view eventually of going to Paris
and starting the work of building a palace
for the Prince, to be occupied by him dur
ing the great forthcoming Paris Exposi
tion. One of the Imperial household is
with the party. They will be here about
ten days. -.- ' v^-*^
LULU JOBBERU'S DEATH.
Police Investigation Will Be
Made to Discover th§
Cause.
She Arrived Frtm Sydney List Octo
ber With an Infant Chid, Who
Survives Hr.
Dr. Gallagher held an autopsy yester
day on the body of the young English
woman who died at 1914 Lyon street on
the night before and whose case was re
ported to the Coroner by Dr. Shumate as
suspicious. Tne autopsy developed the
fact that death had been caused by blood
poisoning brought about by the act of the
young woman herself or of some person
unknown.
The deceased was known as Mrs. "R.
James Walker." and bad visiting cards
with that name. She was also known as
Mr.-. Yvonne Walker, but from letters lr.
her possession there is no doubt that her
real name was Miss Lulu Jobberns. One
of the cards found among the effects of the
deceased read: "Mrs. R. Walker, Tne
Glen, Willis street, Wellington."
A memorandum- boon in her handwrit
ing contains the toll, wing: "Left Flood
street end in April for RiUice street. Loris
born 231 August, 1896. Left Sydney 28th
September. Arrived in Frisco 22d Octo
ber, is<r>."
The woman arrivpd here on the steamer
Monowai with the child Loris, who is now
being cared for by Mrs. Mornson, at whose
bouse the mother died.
Under date of Sydney, March 14. 1897,
and od the letter- head of Stacker &
Fischer, importer? and warehousemen,
her fa'her wrote i<> her very kindly and
affectiona'.bly. He asks lor the name of
the person who tjave her the money for
her passage on the Moi owai, and for i he
name of the father of Loris, wiih the inti
iuation that it was tite duty of the child's
father to provide for it.
There are also letters from her mother
and her sister Lily. The mother ex
presses the hope that the deseased might
*«t married here to some well-to-do man.
The sister, Lily, is evidently a nurse in
some medical institution at Ky -almere.
A letter from the addres>. '300 Daning
street, La! main, March 4, 1897." sipm-d
'•Robo," jn from some man connected
with the Municipal Hospital of that place.
The writer seems to iiave been on terms ot
undue intimacy with the deceased, and
portions of his letter are unprintable be
cause of their obscenity. He may be the
"R. Jnmci Walker" whose name was
taken by the deceased*
The matter has b«en placed in the
hands of Chief of Police Lees, and the in
quest will be deferred until the detectives
shall have had an opportunity of further
inquiring into the circumstances sur
rounding the death of the girl.
OENTEAL PAOIfIO DIRECTORS.
The Entire Old Board Re-elected for
Auother Term.
At the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany yesterday the old board of directors
was re-elected. I;a personnel is as follows:
Isaac L. Rotjua. C. P. Huntington, William
H. Mills, I. E. Gates, C. E. Bretherton, F. E.
bpeucer and Charles P. Eels.
On Thursday the directors will meet
and organize for the coming year. There
is every reason for believing tnat the pres
ent officers will be re-elected as follows:
President, Isaac L. Requa; vice-president, C.
P. II mi tine ton ; second vice-president and
treasurer, W. 11. Mills; third vice-president, I.
E. Gates; secretary and auditor, William M.
ThompKou; assistant secretary in New York,
Charles Babbidge.
TO f ll;i. A C(i|.i> IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablet*. All drug
gisu iliuuu Ue money U v vii* to cure. i&c
NKW TO-DAY • _^^ — '^- i_i_-_--- --_-_->-■»--<--. -
•^^W-^^ff^^W IT lS DAME FASHION'S CAPRICE "TO
s <J^^U^S^^^y^^^% FOR "THE EARLY DAYS OF SPRING.
" c are splendidly prepared to entertain
W^^^^'im *W y° u w^h the styles upon which she has set the stamp of
MFC^Wm^r ■ ■ her approval as regards shade or shape, and GENERAL UP-
yyjfy* 7|M^ jo- DATE NESS. Early season's prices are totally ignored by us. Our
' w policy in conducting our immense establishment never varies. Little
. Prices are one of the important features that have made us what we are.
THE "^E7^OT^:d:e:KL, lO2© iMlstrl^et St.
NO BRANCH STORES. .
MEZZARA'S WIDOW
AT DEATH'S DOOR
Was Suddenly Aiflicted
With Paralysis of
the Brain.
The Old Lady Is Now Uncon
scious and Has Lut to
Await the E id.
Ever Since Her Husbands Death She
H s Tiiug-it French for a
LiveiihooJ.
Mme. Amelia Mezzara, the widow of the
artist and sculptor, i'ietro Mezzara, one
of the founders of ttie Art A-sociation of
the School of Design of this City, is now
lying at the point of death in her
home at 1404 California street. About
two weeks ago she was afflicted with pa
ralysis of the brain, and, unconscious of
her condition or surroundings, she is ex
pected to die any hour.
Mme. Mezzara has for many years been
a resident of this City, and -inee tne death
of her nusband has taught French fora
livelihood. She was born in France in
1831, and was there thoroughly educated
in music and languages. She was mar-
MME. AMELIA MEZZARA, Who Was Stricken With Paralysi
of the Brain Two Weeks Ago.
ried to Pietro Mozzara when but 16 year*
of age. A few years later her husband
came to California in search of wealth and
fame.
Mrae. Mezzara was about to leave New
xork for California to join her husband
when the Civil War broke out. Tuere was
a call for three months' troops to put
down tne rebellion, and knowing that she
would be detained that length of time be
fore she could leave for the Pacific Coast,
she enlisted after a short training in a
school for hospital nurses. She was de
tailed for duty in Miss Dixs corps of
nurse*.
boon after, nt her own reaue-t, she was
sent to the front, and was with the
field hospitals in "Fighting Joe" Hoot
er's division. The weary years of conflict
went on, and still Mine. Mozzara re
mained at her post until Richmond came
down. Her next experience was during
the Franco-PruHxnin war.
She left New York carrying with her an
autographic letter and order from General
Hooker received irom him during the
Civil War. This letter testified to her de
votion to the wounded as well as recom
mending her ability as a nurse to Count
de Flariguy, president of the Geneva
Hed Cross Society, tiuo also carried a let
ter from W. T. Sherman to the United
States Afini!-ter at Par:*.
At the cose of her work in France she
was presented w>th a superb gold medal^
by the French republic in recognition of
her noble work in the field. On her return
to California she wus presented with an
other gold medal by the Frencn ladies of
thi« <" ty. On August 1, 1896, a pension
of $12 was allowed her for her acts of
bravery and devotion during the Civil War.
She was a member of the Florence
Nightingale Ambulance and Hospital So
ciety of bcuian and was also at Sebastopol
during the war of 1855. and was subse
quently derorated with the Geneva cro-s.
Pietro Mtzzura died iv Paris on the sth
of September,. ISitn. For many years he
uad a studio in Pioneer Hall on Mont
gomery street. He was recognized as an
artist of more than average merit. ,
Although his worth was admitted he
did not receive material encouragement
enough to make him wish to end his days
here. He waa an intimate friend of F. L.
A. Pioche, the banker, and when the lat
ter committed suicide Mezzara's desire to
return to Europe became too strong to be
re*i ited.
Pioche had not forgotten him in his
wiH, but without awaiting the results of
the litigation over the estate he sold his
claim and went to France.
Among the works which he left behind
may be mentioned the statue of Chanty
on the Masonic building; the groups of
Romulus and Remus, which ornament
the facade of tne Mechanics' Pavilion;
the status of Lincoln at the Lincoln
Grammar School and the statuary at the
State Capitol at Sacramento. Mezzarais
supposed to have been about 60 years of
age at the tiiu* of his death.
Mezzara's death caused much regret
among bis friends in ihia City, as will the
death of his wife, which the physicians
say is inevitable.
THE EIMTRAOHT TURNEKS.
Preparing for a Grand Beneficiary En-
tertainment for Next Sund.iv Night.
The Turn Section of the Verein Ein
tracht is preparing for a large benefit en
tertainment to be held next Sunday even
ing in Eintracht Hall at 237 Twelfth
street. It will be the largest ever given
by these turners.
The object is tnree^fold. The turners
w;,nt to raise money to renovate the "-ym
nasium. send a team to the prize turning
at San Joso next year, and last to properly
receive the delegates to the Bundestag-
Mizungwho will visit this City in May.
1898 The=e delegates are really the head
of the turner* of the United States.
The programme will consist of hori
zontal bar ex rcises by the first grade,
long pole exercises by tbe boys o! the day
class. May-pole dance and tableaux by
i hirty-s x young srirls, songs by the aim
ing section of tha Verein Eintracht,
ancient and modern statuary by e'even
Turners, and fencing with foils by Pro
fessor H. C. F. Stahl and one of his
pupils; march and dumbbell exercises
by the boys of the night class, and a pan
tomime entitled "Four Lovers-." The
affair will close with a ball. Otto Stein
mann w:ll be the floor manager, assisted
by Charles E. Ple-s.
Sliylcick Hun » Frminin- Disciple.
Allen Howard has sued Gua Carter and
William Rynen for the recovery of money due
on a note signed by Carter February 5, 1896,
in fayor of Maria M. Sweeney lot the turn oi
$42 90, with interest at the rate of 10 per cent
a month, compounded monthly. The lady
-old the note to Howard, and as ho couid not
collect the money he asks that the personal
property mortgaged as security Siiall be sold
and that the proceeds be applied to the pay
ment; of the note, and that the defendants be
required to make good the deficiency that may
ari^e on account of costs of litigation and at
torney's fees. Rvheti is made a party de
fendant in tne suit because he claims an in
terest in the chattels mortgaged.
SUPEEVISORS PETITIONED.
The Point Lobog Club Discovers Vari-
©us Abuses.
At a meeting of the Point Lobos Ave
nue Improvement CluD last night two
important resolutions affecting public
matters were passed. One of them askea
me Board of SuDerviors not to give an
extension of time to the contractors for
paving California street, from Central to
First avenue. The resolution also asked
that the railroad company raise its tracks
to the official grade.
The other resolution requested the Su
pervisors to compel the Sutro line to
lessen the speed of cars in the Richmond
district. The resolution Btated that the
•pped is u^uailv twenty mile* an hour.
' hew to-oat:
$2¥S2IT
01 IU dZO
Electric
One of ' HfiliQ
Cur Customers. . U U 1 1 U I
We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
1 selling for $40 to $50.
$4. TO 825.
GALVANIC OR FARADIC BATTERIES.
We are Agents for a Dry-Cell Batter^ that Is far
ahead of any in the market. Call and see it.
750 tor I X I 3FILTJS3S33SJ.
We have an immense stock and guarantee a
perfect lit.
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Just arrived. See them In
our window. •.-.'■
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 3VCarls.et Street,
South Side. bet. Fifth and sixth.
Your
Appearance
/£^|gg|V TT A S EVERY-
J/3*^J''sP / thing to do with
iLifJjM^ \ the impression that
(jflggp^ \ people have upon
ZB^b'' '^i&r^'v meetin S you - Yoa
Kjpre?f «*V^_>s" •• y~i cannot appear good
fc&^'rl I .voar health is bad.
i %\l4 v-ils2EEft« So long as you are a
I lv^)|jjBE>jjS£» prey to the demon of
/\ jftgi w&x'' ji» disease you can hard-
■JotL Vi£^ir^Tr l- v l) ope or that so-
rafißF'feij^Lil^ cial success, and busi-
Sv^.wi^^^^^y Is ness * <ro *P erit y en -
»^TO»i»ii!Kr7 joyed by those who
(DOCTOR COOK.) have preserved the
great gifts of nature. The world admires
physical per ection, to reach which, or to
approach which as nearly as possible,
should be the object of aIL
Suffering Women. 8 % no There
j is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earthly reason why you
• should longer endure the miseries aris-
ing from Irregularities, Periodical Head-
aches, Falling or Displacement of tne
Womb, Leucorrhoea, Nervousness, Hys-
teria and like ailments whicn rob you of
your strength, health and beauty, and
make you prematurely old. In sacred
confidence, tell everytni;ig to Doctor
Cook, who is .an expert on all Female
Compl> i.ts.
U/pnl/ Mpn You middle-aged and
YVcdK i'ICU, old, wno have violated
the laws of nature: You are now reaDing
the 'result of your former folly. Many
of you have Evil Dreams, Exhpusting
Drains, Impoteacy, Atrophy or tbe Wast-
ing Away of t lie Organs. Lost Manhood;
Weak, Acmng lack; Frequent, Painful
Urination and Sediment in : Urine; Pim-
ples, Nervousness, 1 Sleepiessness, Bush-
lulness, Despondency, Stupidity, Loss of
Ambition or -iiullai symptom *. In brief, '
.your body, brain and sexual organs have
become weak. Doctor Cook can restore
; '■■ to you what, you 'have YOUR PRE-
CIOUS MANHOOD. He can fit you for
pleasure, study, business and marriage,
and send you out -Into the world with
'' . life anew.
VariCOCele Hydrocele, Gonorrhoea,
VdritOteie, i;G i eel> stricture and Syph-
ilis completely cured b7 Doctor Cook in
the shortest possible time.
ICidnev - B: * dder . Unnarv, Liver. Stom-
lyiuiicy,. tlC > Hear: and . Lang Diseases;
Lye, Ear. Throat and Brain Dis-
eases-Blood and Skin Diseases, and \
: f' les - Fistula, Uheumntlsm, Rupture and'
Chronic Catarrh permanently cured by
the latent and best methods known to
mc-iieni science.
Mail Treatment ayB T^^
write if you cannot call. Free Book on
nervous and sexual diseases to all de-
•sen a m; their troubles. Office hours- 9
to 12 a. m >z to :> and 7tosp. k. him-
■ days from 10 to 13 x. m. only. Address
DOCTOR f!oo¥ ' 865 Martcetst..
v.yi \rx.\t \j WH. San Francisco, civ.WILLIE MARTIN
NOW THE STAR
Pat Dunne's Wizard Rode
Three Winners Yes
terday.
Alter Several Postponements
Torsida Finally LaDded
a Race.
Oakland Downed Little Ebb a Head.
Yemen Failed to G;t a Mark in
the Last Event
"Jockey Bill" Martin is the one bright
radiating star in the racing horizon at
Emeryville just now. Willie, as he is af
fectionately termed by hi? Eastern friends,
has spent several summers and two or
three pleasant winters in the saddle.
When it comes to a question of jockey
ship—that is, a twist or an inshoot, which
Willie dots not know — the author must
have kept his name in the background or
else Willie would have been a willing
subscriber to the work.
Six events were decided at the track
across the bay yesterday, and "Jocfcey
rsili" found it to be his supreme pleasure
to annex three of these, all bein;» pro
nounced choices in the betting at that.
And these three favorites landed by
Martin were all that did win, the others
going down to defeat.
Another rider that was very much in
evidence was Bozeman. The "bush"
jockey was first past the wire ou I'ersonne.
a 20 to 1 shot, a good second on the two
year-old Fodic, against which 100 to 1 was
laid, and a close second with old Morte
Fonse at ripe, rcellowy odds.
The sport, as a whole, was not above
mediocrity, and betting was inclined to
be sluggish. .Billy McHrane'fl mare
Amelia J-'onse was the most pronounced
sort of a favorite for the first event de
cided, a cheap six-furlone selling affair,
with a ueid of thirteen going to the post.
Away well next the rail, Thompson took
the 40 to 1 outsider Ezekiel out in front,
and the despised one led until within a
few yards of the wire, where Personne, a
20 to 1 shot, got up and won by a head.
Tbe 7 to 10 choice was a good third.
Finally drawing a koo< j . position at the
post and ruling a 11 to JO choice in tae
betting, the fast Torsida led her held past
the wire in the two-year-old event. In a
drive Fodic, a 100 to 1 shot, beat Miss
BemsSn half a length for tue place.
The third race of tbe day was a seven
furlong run ani proved a eift for the 9 to
20 favorite, Russella, ridden by Willie
Martin. Keeping nis mount back in tne
rear until nearing the stretch Martin
slipped through on tha rail with the favor
ite and won galloping from Alma. The
Baldwin entry, Altivo, was third.
The mile and a quarter run resulted in
a hot drive between the 4 to 5 lavorite,
Oakland, and the third choice, Little Bob.
The field comprised fifteen horses, nearly
all a cheap lot. Hennessy hit the stretch
first with Little Bob and was soon joined
ny tbe favorite. In a punishing drive
Martin got Oakland past the wire winner
by a short bead in 2:101^. Leonville fin
ished a poor third.
'The m!le an-I a sixteentn Belline affair
was another well-contested race. Alva
rado, one of the second choices, led his
company to the stretch, where Key del
Tierra, who ruled equal lavorite in the
betting with Sink's horse, assumed the
lead, and, under Clawson's persuasive
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack, Tuesday, April 13. Seventy.flrst Day ;
*" o! the Winter Meetinz, 1897. Weather fine. Track fast.
riding cot home a necfc in advance of old
Morte Fonse, coverinc the distance in the
fast time of I:47>£- Judge Denny beat the
5 to 2 choice, Lobengula, out for show
honors.
The start in the final sii-furlong sprint
was strung out. and the 7 to 10 choice
Yemen did not finish among the first
night. Pat Murphy, a2sto 1 shot, ied to
the st^-tch, when Torsina drew away and
won w^h ease from the brother to Tim
Murphy. Mainstay was third. The win
ner was 4 to 1 in the betting.
NOTKS.
Weights announced lor the Spreckels
cup, one and a quarter miles, for three
year-olds, to he run Saturday, April 24, at
Ingleside track:
George Rose 125 1 Scarborough 125
Ihe Roman la 4 Howard ...... . .12a
Caspar.. UO Geyser 120
EernaraiUo i2O >c»ir I'm 119
lta . m . ax 118, Lincoln II 115
Candelana. 116 Aquinas... 115
J! ldl °- Hi Honenzollern 110
( I i 8l * c »- 310 Ross O 11-'
V" 10 . 11 - 110 ReydetTierra 110
u °? lfl » 110 COl. Wheeler 110
Sardou... 1 1 0 Klectrir^r 110
Gen Arthur llu Confident 1 >W
Tullamore 110 ! Lode Star. HO
St. Carlo-sienna colt. 110! May \V ..108
«re>-hurst .: ]OH kemp 108
rank James 107 Huir .."*. 107
Vemedor 107 V d tor 107
i FleurdeUg .....105 1 P.amelia 105
Coupon 111 105 j Vielielcht 105
Tea Rose 104 : sulsun 10*
True Blue. 104 Stentor. 10*
Shasta Water 104 Horatio 10i
George Palmer 104Rey do Angeles 102
Miulight 1011 Tempestuous 100
Alma 100 Bi.ly Vice. P8
Dura Ps Quantreil 9H
Scotch Rose 98 Haiseua 98
Satyr t'B Altanerd 98
Celeste ;.. 9S Soniro 05
Monadnock 06 Joe Ullman fl&
Vivo . 9% Draught 95
Mistrall II (imp.).... 05 D. J. Tobln 95
B<fc\V...... y5. Fig Leaf M
Sailie sensible 93 Urandezla 93
Dolore . 9'J Viking 94
Pi- B'J Philip H b3 ;
Lou ou R 92 Installatrix 80
Bohemian Lass »0 Jerllderla 90
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, selling, one mile: .. - ; .
836 rollocst 9hi 825 Sea Spray 102
841 Rcardo.... «7 849 Last C'liance... 97
837 Ho spur 100 843 Mollie R 100 i
849 Two Cheers.... 102 BBS Una Colorado.. 102
B*7 Big Chief. 93 803 Chan. A 97
869 Uov. iJudd VI . b4O Billy McCloskyl96
6 41 Corla- 91 1 841 Toano 107
coo d race fifteen-sixteenths of a mile:
834 Imp. Disparity 102; 854 Miss Ruth 109
(848)Satsuma 114 (73'.')ImpMissBruml 90
847 The Roman... 100; 849 Rosette. 99
839 Saniuzza 1061 «U Perseus 108
.'.»O Cash Day. 114| 834 Grady 104
Third race, selling, one mile:
(841)>oniro ..., 99 830 Osrlc II 108
832 LostOlrL 100i(S01)Kort Augustas. lo2
BMS Bon CUrencia.lO'J b3U Nebula. 97
853 Mercutlo. 102
Fourth rac, thirtefD-sizteentbs of a mile, the
Emery villo handicap, value $1000.
(771)( a-sarian 12a(851)Zamar II 107
(BO2)C*':fort.la 118'(7.i2)Mias Brummel.lo7
84S Vinctor 118 (839)bernardiuo .. ..107
509 >t. I.ep 115 1 84 Suisnn 10.^
(77t») UoubeQuicl£..ll2! 835 May X 80
847 Candelana 107 1
Fifth race, one mile, selling.
(852) Meadow Lark. .lo2 853 Manchester 110
769 Baron 97 8 8 Road warmer. .. 9»
854 Doyle 10^ 829 Treachery 101
(843)Masoero 10.1 786 Joe T>rry. 101
8-7 Frank Jaubert. 98 [ 831 Wa ter J 96
>ix:h race, one aad an eighth miles.
854 Art Buchanan. .lOU 813 Mrs. Shade 91
809 Howards 96,(bl5)Bocitwa 120
847 Instaliator. 105. 847 Argentina 96
699 'Ostler Joe. i(J6
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Charles A, Coda, Hotspur.
Second race — The Koinan, Satsuuia.
Miss Brammel.
Third race— Don Clarencio, Oiric 11,
Lost Girl.
Fourth race — Vine tor, Zamar 11, Doa
ble Quick.
Fifth race — Joe Terry, Frank Jau
bert, Magoero.
Sixth race— Howard S, Buckwa, lu
stallator.
DiTorcci Granted.
Divorces have bean granted In the Superior
Court as follows:
George C. Brown from Katie Brown, for de
sertion.
Delia McAHster from Alfred McAlister, for
willful neglect and failure to provide.
Shani Battle To-Day.
There will be a ghatn battle at the Presidio
to-dar and the men are anticipating a great
day. A large number of citizens are expected
to attend the exciting military exercises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
.  ... ..,-.. NEW TODAT-DET GOODS.
..... . ' ' . ' " - "\i ~ • '' -
, -, •■■..' — ' r- -■; - , . — -- ■ ■ ■'■ I. ■ I——1 — — — — . ■ . , __
** ' " Ii" - ii -. -- -.— . _____«_____-_—_— ,
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT To still further increase the popularity of COLORED DRESS GOODS.
Just Opened-L^esFNovelties in Ladies' OUr PEERLESS SPRING STOCK, which has ,_ 72 plece3 dO u M . stfmvG .. lMt
jusi upenea Latest i\oveities in L « ai " Q i_^ .. . .. r . Tur * n r\o-r 2Sr~ 72 pieces double fold checked suiting, latest
Spring Wraps, Spring Suits and Spring Jackets, already WOn itS Way tO the front as THE MOST * OL coloring, will be offered at 25c a yard.
Exclusive Styles at Popular Prices. COMPLETE EXPOSITION OF ALL THAT IS 4ftc -65 pieces 36inch~IiITvooL fancy scotch
4.C-LADIES* SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, full width, RARE > NOVEL, ORIGINAL AND BEAUTIFUL 1 CHECKED SUITING, will be offered at 40c a yard.
vJV£.<KJ jjned and bound, colors black and navy, regular * 1 /^r»*-, INUVCL, V^niVjllN/\L- jfAIN U r>C/\U 1 ITUL _
price $3 50, on sale at $2 45 each. in the n^W SeaSOfl'S fashions and forthp qnp- cn r -51 pieces 52-inch ALL-WOOL OXFORD CHECKS,
*4. QK-LADIES' SERGE SUITS. fly front, jackets lined - Q . ~ SeaSOH S TaSniOnS, anOTOr me Spe SUC wort h»l.yMd,on»leat6oc»y.rd.
c^^.^3 witn auk. 9 kins lined and bound, an colors, re S u- cial purpose of attracting the attention and v —^
lar price $7 50, on sale at $4 95 a suit. "- j ij : «"i"ii rill -^r- i i<Ri r\f\~ 47 pieces 58-inch OXFORD CHECKS, two-toned
$2 OS-ladies- tax cloth fly-front jackets, j Patronage of all who are preparing for Easter, » » -oo co iorm s, wm be placed on .... at $i . yard .
»auii»2»", k ch" ! " '"*"' re ular p rlce ■'* w> °° we off the accompanying and many other j =^^^===
$5 oo- ladies> blackTcloth jackets, double equally . SILK DEPARTMENT,
vpv^.VFU rever co u ar) new s i eeve> fly fronti regular price
$l 25 JrSi,«, llop . . w ** TEMPTING INDUCEMENTS! Sor^™S!^%i^^^
v *" # ** s^ bra ded, all colors, regular price $2 50, on sale at _ '■ . : » 50c a yard.
$1 25 each. , ' " : : — ■ ~ —
— — \\r A C7W-M ?>*'""AA ; t %* r a m » s*> r,^ - T^i — 70 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in all the
LADIES' WAISTS! WASH GOODS 1 WASH GOODS! 7M yery latest shadings, extra quality, regular price 00c,
LADIES WAISTS! VAOI! VJUUUJI W/\OII UUUUDI wiUbe P lacedonsaleat7scayard.
50c -LAD lES . LAUND-iiiETHIRT WAISTS. .'Sun..," This U a season for Wash Goods. The makes are excellent, | 7f? r -i 5 pieces all-silk black satin rhadames, 24
50r~ LADIES LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" th rnir .- ntr . h ... . . . . ...  # vJl* inches wide, heavy auality, regular price $1, will be
-» " *- make, detachable collars, wilt be offered at 50c each. tne colorings rich and the Styles dainty. We want to sell ours { placed on sale at 75c a yard.
7 c r -LADIES' laundered shikt WAISTS, detacha-i earl y- There is one way to do it. We do not believe it economi-; , . ~ tir . ntrTrn A^ BT _ n..- n . mr ~.
?]?e C d°l' t *; o i'e .S' a " Cyslr ' pc " andfisu '«. « bB °'- «" to waste time making up goods that are too poor, but our plan | $I.OO^,S&°r?&"^^^ I 4'l!S
Cl 00-LADIES- LAWN-XNFDIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, «' Ye ""*"!'!" "^ "* *"" "''" °' P ° or - That * ' * " '-I^L^____
vJJI. UU in ail the latest patterns, will be offered at $1 each. WHat we Will do this week. — :
Cl CJA— LADIES' FANCY DIMITY AND FIGURED LAWN .. 4 , Crt \\-- >" _ ; ni A />■/ nnror />/\/\l\C*
lfjy WAISTS, in the very latest figured patterns, regu- About 150 pieces HIGH-GRADE DIMITIES, larpe line of new colorings; last HI,, I>L4LK l/KL^^ liUULIS.
lar price $1 75. will be offered at |1 50 each. week's price was 12^c, but on sale this week at T..yard <2C «i-r»^i% a^' -V VVyi/O«
- j Two cases FANCY LAPPET EFFECT PRINTED ORGANDIES, a 15c value, Ql rt ' 25r~L C " M?*K NC ? F J GtJ ED ETAMINE, good value for
LddlGS Kid GIOVPS! on special sale at... • yard OaC 40c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
i.: ;• , : n EXCLUSIVE COLORINGS FRENCH ORGANDIES, sheer fabrics, rich, yet on. QC r -l case 40-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, extra
A Ap— lso dozen 4 and 5 BUTTON KID GLOVES, large but- dainty yard 01/ C | * J * J *' good value for 50c, will be offered at 35c a yard.
v vfl, tons, black only, regular price $1, on special sale at 60c __ , „ .
a pair. ■-■•;.■ • HOMESPUN IRISH LINEN SUITING, the latest fabric, full yard wide S)(\ n \ XA r - 2 cases 43-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH STORM
7Q -112 dozen 3-CLASP CHAMOIS-SKIN GLOVES, in •••" -^'tv-: • yard 4UO' JVI SERGE, actual value 75c, will be offered at 50c a yard.
"ale U af 7^a r mi?i n i? WhitCl regUlar P " Ce $1 ' ° D BpCCial POLISH PERCALES, the solid yard wide make, in garnet, navy, cadet and 1 9 l n . . ' =======Z=Z
sale llUoa pair. light grounds, value for 20c a yard, but this week at. ......*. yard 14$
$i.OO-^ o^s" . 4 m B b Yo T gsss",.™ l^"*,;^ ™««^:Mp^t.^r««x«Sir woven, a gre ., va.»,; 12 ; \ Dress Trimmings, Boas, Belts.
dork, medium and tan shade-, also clack, regular ' '■ ' • • ••••yard *- tm -? J V. * : -
price $1 50. on special sale at $1 a pair. tw LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED UNDERSKIRTS, Silk and Farmer's OUR NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS consist of the very latest
ZZHZZHIZIZZZZZZZZZIZZZ Satin, on special sale tins week. styles of Jet and Colored Bead Boleros, Black and Colored
I ~» .«-».«.*-» C— .L. •_! _i \/ •!• f _————___ — — Silk Boleros and Black Mohair Boleros, Black and
LaC6S« LniDrOlOerV dim VPllinO! ■ Colored Embroidery, Lily and Bead Panels, also Jot. Mohair
f / **"*■ "_.-~'.T _■/?.■■ Of,* DIRDn\TC I OIDDAXTC I and Silk Gimp Trimmings, all the newest effects and at
OX -CREAM BUTTER AND BLACK APPLIOUB AND KIDDUIMM KIDDUINb! lowest prices. h :■• "
25C CHANTiLLY^ LACES 3 to « inches wide relular nrice o r We have an immense variety of REAL BLACK OSTRICH-
40c, on special a yard >P I SCINCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS, in assorted OH/. FEATHER COLLARETTES. 18-inch ribbon ties, at $2 00,
v .."-?' . colors, value 30c a yard, will b« offered at £l/C $250, $300, $350, $400, $450, $5 00 and $600 each.
IK r — CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROID- " ' ■••'••••• '' 38-INCH BOAS— «S 75 $7 50 each
13^ ERY, regular value 25c, on special sale at 15c a yard. 4-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS, in assorted 9- 45-INCH Sots 50, $15 00 each
VEILING' CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING colors, value 40c a yard, will be offered at  <iOC 4>INCH BOAS-? 12 50, ?15 00 each 75c .
VEILING CHEMLLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING . - LADIES' BLACK SILK BELTS-25C. 50c, 75c.
75c l and e ll^ 1 cr ci v»?d Cial ValU " at ** **" OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE 1. noW ready for distribution to OUT- LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED LEATHER BELTS-25c,
wk, aau * per yara. OF-TOWN RESIDENTS, to whom It will be mailed free on application. V 35c. 40c, 50c, (Jsc, 75c,90c each.
UrP y " nSI ***" Wurphy Building, Jr .. (/(/ Murphy Building, / {£[/ iv.urphy Building, ".-.jr '">,- wlf Wlurphy Building, 1/
Marfat and Jones Sfreefs. I Marts? ana J_g Slresa ;I ; ■ lariet and Jones Streets. MarM ai Jones Streets. . • Met and Jonas Streets.
GRAND COUNCIL
CHOSEN FRIENDS
It Will Hereafter Econo
mize and Hold Bien
nial Sessions.
A Review of the Past Year's
Work by the Grand Coun
cilor, M. Boebm.
Candidates Who Hive Been P acsd in
Nomicaticn for tLe Offices to Bj
Filled To-Day.
The Grand Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends met yesterday morning in
Prominent Members of the Order of Chosen Friends.
annual session in Memorial Hall, Odd
Fellows' building. There was present a
large number of representatives from the
various councils of the jurisdiction. ?
During the forenoon session the committee
on credentials reported and then the
Grand Council degree was conferred upon
seventy-three representatives entitled to
receive it. . *•
The report of Grand Councilor M.
Boehm was read. ' In the beginning this
shows that during the year there were no
appeals from decisions, which speaks well
for the harmony and good feeling existing
among the members of the order.
Of the grand recorder, S. C. Wlalis, the
gr«nd councilor says: .v ;
The labor in this' office is continually in
creasing, and only those who are familiar with
the work of iho office oan appreciate the
amount of work pertormed by our worthy
grand recorder, Friend S. C. Wallis. His clear
understanding of all the affairs of the various
council* is supplemented r>y most excellent
judgment, and many an annoyance he averts
with his clear tact and discretion and prompt
and ready decisions, which are called lor con
tinually in the affairs of the councils. - A great
deal of credit Is due his devotion and zeal for
the prosperity of the order in this grand
jurisdiction.
He called attention to the fact tha . an
nual sessions cost $3000 and set forth that
all necessary legislation can be accom
plished at biennial sessions, and in ■> the
view of economy recommended that the
next session be held on tne 22d day of
April, 1869. He recommended the presen
tation of a past councilor's badge to each
past grand councilor. He a«k« the mem
bers to advance the order and adds:
Our order may be safely recommended as
superior to all, but our members must be
taught that the welfare ot the order is the
concern of each member; that fraternity is
not an idle term, and that their duty does not
end with the payment of assessments. They
should be required to attend council meetings
regularly, so that they may learn and practice
iv principles, and prosperity will follow there
from.
In conclusion, after paying a compli
ment to the deputies and others for their
aasistance during the year, he says:
The' generous assistance and the uniform
kindness of the members of the order have
been to me a great encouragement In the
prosecution of my work. The burdens of mv
office have been "made lighter thereby, and I
have found friendships that I hope will b« as
lasting as life itself. I nave nothing bat kind
ness lor all the members of our order, and. feel
under tho greatest obligations to them for the
many favors conferred. My -treatment has
been such that I retire from my official posi
tion feeling that I have been fortunate in
deed in being called upon to preside over such
a worthy end magnificent membership as we
have in this State. Our order is composed of
gentlemen and ladies of character, kindly and
sympathetic, ready at all times to lend a.
helping hand wherever needed. You have my
eternal gratitude, and in retiring from my
trust 1 can only hope that my successor In
office shall be as fortunate as myself, and I
know and bespeak for him that he will. I
close with kindest regards and best wishes for
each member. ana tho prosperity and per
petuity of our order. v
The report of the grand recorder, S. C.
Wallis, enters into the statistics of the
order and its progress during tne year.
This shows 137 councils at the end of the
terra with a membership of 6277.
The financial report shows a balance on
hand of $2137 49.
At tne afternoon session a resolution to
instruct the Bupreine Council that will
meet in Louisville, Ky., to favor a propo
sition to enable members over 70 year* of
age wtio have paid in assessments $500 on
each thousand to be exempt from future
assessments was laid on the table.
The committee on the state of the order
presented its report, which, among other
things, indorses the grand councilor's
recommendations for biennial meetings,
and the report was adooteu", so the next
session will not be held until April, 1899.
A resolution to increase the salary of
the grand recorder was laid over until to-
Unv.
It was decided to allow the expenditure
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children. / ■','■
ib» f«- si
of a sum not to exceed $1030 for premiums
for extension of the order.
The following nominat ons were then
made aiid the election will be held to-day:
For grand councilor, M. Boehrn (incum
bent); gratia a^sisant councilor, W. H.
Savage o« San Pedro; strand vice-councilor,
E. R. Teil and D. J. Hartley, both of Sacra
' niento; grand recorder, S.C. Wallis(incum
j bent) ; grand treasurer, Mias C McDon-
I aid (incumbent); grand prelate, Mrs. C. J.
Sweeney of San Francisco; grand marshal,
Mr?. Lizzie Morse ot Jlarysville; grana
I warden, Mrs. Jennie Pratt of Virginia
Ci;y, Mrs. M. A. Borland ot Bodie; grand
' guardian, L. Biddle of Los Angeles; grand
| sentinel, Mrs. C. N. Wiedemeyer of Rio
! Vist:t, and grand tiustee, C. T. Dennis of
| San Francisco.
In the evening the initiatory team ez
] emplitied the secret work in Union-square
I Hail, conferring the degrees on about
! thirty candidates. There were many pres
en t, and addresses were made by the grand
oftio-rs.
The Grand Council will meet again this
morning. ______^________
MARRIOTT WON HIS POINT
Judge Daingerfbld Granted Him
Delay Till Mon
day.
Payment of F:es to Jurors Insisted
Oa by the Court in Order to
Secure a Continuance.
When the casa of Frederick Marriott,
charged with Jibe., was called by Judge
Dain^erfl»ld yesterday Attorney Ben C
Darwin arose and asked for a continuance
until next Monday morning. Mr. Darwin
stated ttiat ie had been associated with
S. M. bhortridee in the defense and that
be had not been given a proper oppor
tunity to prepare; that his client had
been abrent from the City for a long time
ana had not communicated with bis at
torneys while away from home; that Mr.
Shortridge, the leading counsel in the
case, was actually engaged in a triai in
another court.
Judge Daingertield showed no sign of
acquiescing with the request, and the de
fendant was called to the witness-stand.
Mr. Marriott was sworn and testified
that he had been absent from the City for
six week?, and wnilo he was away from
home he heard nothing of his case. Be
fore he left, he said, District Attorney
Barnes assured him that the case would
not be pressed until he returned; that
after be got back the case would be called
and set for trial.
District Attorney Barnes was sent for
and was a -kcd about the agreement with
Mr, Marriott. He said he would not dis
pute tliC statement made by Mr. Marriott,
but he did not remember the conversation
referred to. He had several talks with
Mr. Marriott aud knew that he intended
to go £a«U So far as he was concerned
there was no objection to continuing the
case for a week.
After more argument and agreement
Judge Daingerlieid said there was an ele
ment in this case that both sides over
looked. He insisted that somebody ought
to pay the jurors' :ees; that the City
oueht not to be put to liiis expense for
nothing.
Attorney Beaty of Mr. Shortridge's
office argued that this was ono of the mis
fortunes of the law ; tbedefendant in a case
of this character could not be as&ed to pay
jurors' fees.
Judge Daingerfielri insisted that the City
treasury must be reimbursed for the ioss
of fees. He said tbat $130 bad gone up in
smoke and nothing had been accom
plished. Besides tne time of the court in
thia department bad been wasted aud
waiting litigants had been discommoded.
Attorney Whalley announced that the
case of Wendt against Winterbaum on
appeal from the Justices' Court was ready
for trial, so the Marriott case was allowed
to go over until next Monday, and Wendt
vs. Winterbaum was taken up. Attorney
Ackerman, representing tne defendant,
said he would rather pay the judgment of
tbe court below than proceed with a jury
trial under the circumstances, and it was
so ordered.
SWIMMING IN OEDBK.
San Francisco Seoka th« Cooling Ware
These Latter Day*.
Now that spring has fully come, all the
glorious possibilities San Francisco offers
to pleasure-seekers in the way of outings
are being eagerly made use of.
The park is fulfilling its purpose in a
way that must delight the management.
Picnics are vow added to the pleasures of
promenading, driving and bicycling, and
the Golden Gate Park divides honors with
the Ocean beach and Sutro Heights as a
favorite resort for those who love to be
out long Lours in the bright spring sun«
shine.
All the bathhouses were crowded on
Sunday, as the warm weather made a
plunge In the refreshing water specially
tempting. m
The Butro Baths afforded a sDlen
did spectacle with its crowds, of ' i?ay
and graceful swimmers and divers. Over
2000 bathers had been in ihe Sutro Baths
by the middle of the afternoon. All the
. : NEW TO-DAY.
AN INCIDENT AT THE CITY HOSPITAL.
A Woman's Life Barely Saved by a Critical Operation Her Health
Destroyed.
There was a hurry call for the ambulance of the City 'Hospital. In the
course of an hour a very \^\-. sick young woman was brought in on a
stretcher. She was palefejjK as death and evidently suffering keen agony.
There was a hasty exam .C^js^ ination and a consultation. In. less than a
Z ...... . • © -s3fS&L '*■■'■ '" ft quarter of an hour the poor ere a-
lp"*"*^i§s?^ 'p^/ffi| i^^f- ture was on the operating table to
\""/" T vfifc"'V\ l\'\ Vjßwl amn "^ unde . r S° the operation called
fiV-^f^P^^fe^^B^-' ]$/ There was "° time for the usual
p^^^/^>7^* " '"*^<JL- preparation. Her left ovary was on
\^&n!!->s*^>'^S'~' ! - : >-~-I^ the P oint of irs tin^r; when it was re-
lf ~~^l?/r^' ***yS v =r *~^-- moved, it literally disintegrated. If it
V'"^/.^' ' y' ' r had burst before removal, she
stantly! . That young woman C^v^v* v
had had warnings enough in the terrible pains, (^sk jv^-g?
the burning sensation, the swelling low down >^ S»-' >\
on her left side. No one advised her. so she j\ _jg- J jffiV^|_ L
suffered tortures and nearly lost her life. I (^wVW^'^k^
wish I had met her months before, so I could *jgtm'iaA 'it #TO^^K
have told her of the virtues of Lydia E. JZJ, fß^^il^^^l
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. As it *"<^v^. y^ 5^ 3 &^Pte^
is now, she is a wreck of a woman. — >^"^gte^st^
Oh, my sisters, if you will not tell a ""HT --^|ggß'
doctor your troubles, do tell them to a woman who f / vS^^S
stands f ever: ready to relieve you! Write to Mrs. I / VvV//^S
Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., confide freely to her all ml / l^kCb \\
your troubles, and she will . advise you free of 1 1 I j »Ij^
charge; and if you have any of the above symp- i ■»«
toms take the advice of Miss Agnes Tracy, who / ■■« 
speaks from experience and says: [ , liVr . .
" For three years I had suffered with, inflamma- I BmV "
tion of the left ovary,- which caused dreadful pains. I 11|\
I was so badly affected that I had to sleep with / BalV
pillows under my bide, and then the pain was so / lIlls^&V
great it was impossible to re:-,t. [^ Hl«^^^
4 ' Every month I was in bed for two or three days. & fi» gra ' ■■ TO^^l
I took seven bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vcpe- ■■■■BHllr
table Compound, and am entirely cured. [think ■■ B(^ fl|l[&^^
there is no medicine to be compared with the Com-
pound for female diseases. Every woman who suffers from any form of female
weakness should try it at once." Miss Agses Tracy, Box 432, Valley City, N. D.
500 rooms were occupied and some of them
bad four tenants each. Tne • music was
rendered with unusual enthusiasm and
many of the batoers would stop their
spori to listen.
Among the spectators of the sport was
the Australian champion swimmer,
Charles Cavill, who reached this City by
the Mariposa on the Bth.
Cavitl says the amateur divers of this
City excel in grace and daring the youth
of any country he has been in, and he ia
familiar with the sport in Australia,
France and England. Cavill's manager
says some of the boys here of 10 or 12
years old are as fine divers as the experts
of mature age in most places.
Next Sunday Cavill will perform the
dangerous feat of swimming around the
Seal Rocks, and afterward in the Sutro
Baths he will perform the Slonte Cristo
act. Several contests will be arranged for
Cavill and the experts of the coast" while
he is here, and among them will be tbe
crossing of the Golden Gate. This is said
by swimmers to be a iar more difficult
feat than the stemming of the current in
crossing the Hellespont, which was made
famous by Lord Byron's and Leander's
trips.
To Entertain the Boys.
James W. Erwin, United States Postoflice. In
spector, will give a special entertainment for
boys and their friends at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason and
Kills streets, next Friday evening, when ha
will throw UDon me screen over a hundred
humorous and semi-humorous views. The
boys have styled tho entertainment "An
Eveninc of Laughter." and it will probably be
a very enjoyable affair.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
(SCMSfAKT OF THK MAKKKI'S.
Bue»r a fraction lower.
Silver unchanged.
"Wheat freights dull.
Wheat weaker.
Barley quieter.
Other cereals neglected. •
Flour unchanged.
Hay weak.
Beans quiet. Feeds Inactive.
Future grain baps weaker."
Potatoes and Onions the same.
Vegetables weak and plentiful.
Butterarrves very soft.
Cheese weak. No change in Kgs*.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Cold-storage Apilrs offering.
Citrus Fruits very firm.
home changes in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet.
Demand for Wool quieter.
Hops nezlected.
Hcgs lower.
Sheepskins advanced.
Tallow weaker.
Leather quiet.
oil* unchanged.
Rxplanatton.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fipui«*
at station Indicate maximum temperature for th^
Hays: those underneath it, if any, the amount or
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundiedtfcs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid!
lines. ■ connect pom s of equal air pressure; i»o
--therms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. ln»
word "hieh" means htsch barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low
r<fer* to" low pressure, and is usually preceded
end accompanied by clouilv weather and rains.
"Lows' usually firnt appear on the astilneton
coast. When '.he pressure is hißh in th» interior
and low along the coast, and tho isobars extend
north and Kouth along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low* Is inclosed with i*ot>ars of
marked curvaturo. rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In tv'inter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result. '
WEATBEB KI'REAU BEPtRT.
United States Department of Aoriciu/
lirk. Weather Bckkad. sax Francjkco,
April 13,1897. 6 p. m.— following are the rain
falls for the p»3t "24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to aate as compared with those of the same date
last season. . :,.'■■
Kurr-iii. past '24 hours. .00, this season 48.04,
last season 4 1.89; Red Bluff, past 24 ours .00,
this season 2;«.74. last season 17.19: San Francisco,
past "24 hours .00. this season 22.57, last season
17.14; Fresno, pan '24 hours .00. this season
10.53 last season 5 99: San Luis Obisp >. past 24
hours . 0, this season 20 71, last season 15.71 : Loi
Angf es. past 24 hours .00, this season 16- 74, last
Beaton 8.8S: Sun D.ego. pa»t 24 hours .00, this
season 11.63, las; season s.7B: Yuma, past 24 hours
.00. this Mason 5.25, last seaso 1 .86.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
77. minimum 67, mean 67.
Weatner conditions and general forecast:
The pressure Is higbe 1 this evening in Utah
and Idaho. a secon-iary high rresiure is central
In the vicinity of Vancouver Island. The lowest
pressure is reported from Montana, and a second
depression is central in Arizona. Continued warm
weather prevails throughout the region west of
the Rocky Mountains excpt alone the Central
California coast, wheie it has become dec dedly
ceo c.- this afternoon. Conditions are favorab'e
for fog Tuesday morning a oug the California
coast. Soraewhal cooler weather is probable in
Northern California Wednesday.
forecasts made at San r'ra'icisco for 33 hoars
endinz at midnight, April It. 1897:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, except
fog along the coast Wedn»-sdar morning; slightly
cooler in northwest portion Wednesday.
southern California— Fair Wednesday: Hjht va
riable winds, becoming brisk westerly along the
coast.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair: warmer Wednesday.
Ar a a— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
except fog Wednesday morning: probably cooler,
brisk to high westerly winds in tun afiernooo.
W. LI. I.AMMov, Forecast Official.
MiW ICER MARKETS.
NKW YORK, Jf. V., April 13. — Karly stock
trading was Dearly stagnant, bu: reassuring for
eign advices and favorab'e local report* started
an extensive baying movement. During the after
noon a net advance ».as recorded that wiped out
many o! the lusses during the few days. Moie im
portant advances were Jersey Central. Chlcaso
Gas and New ork Central. They averagi-d little
over 2 per cent. In a number or other stocks the
net improvpnient was 1 per cent or more.
Bar silver $ 62
Sterling on London, tiO days 4 87
Hterline on London, sight 4 HHVt
V. 8. i's, registered. ...7 . 96 50
U. S. 4's, new 124 76
C. s. 4's, new, coupon 1-24 75
V. S. 4's HI 50
IT. S. 4's.coni> 113
V. B. 6'»..... ; 114 5d
U. S. s's coupon 114 BO
WHEAT- 30:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2-10
July 7314 7-Jsg ; 3 4 73 73
September 711/, 79% 70% 71 71i/
"pot dull: j.o.b. all )»:. No. 1 Northern B pr n ,
76@,6i/ic: No. 1 .Northern spring Duluth, 793/ gC:
No. s hard winter. 73S /8 .no. 2 hard winter,
751 Closing; Ma 7. 7»%c: July, 73c: St;p.
ber. 71V«C; Dec-niuer. 7ji/ Bis.8 i 5.
FI.OI Firmer, in sympathy with wheat
trade qaieu
GRAIN FRENIiTS-£«w York to Liverpool
by swam, . * '
Produce.
PROVISIONS — Lard less active. Prime
$4 4 ../». r.
• PORK-Wei'.- and dull. Mess, -?9a9 25.
TALI OW— Quoted at 3 5-16 c.
fcUTTKß— Creamery Western. 18c.
KGGS-Stat« and Pennsylvania, 1014 c.
EUOAR-Cuba, centrifugal. 33>.e.
HIDKS-lbl<,c
Urled Fruits.
The market Is dulL stocks on hand small re
ceipts )l«bt, prices stead*. Raisins a c quoted at
t*A@6ctor California; Valencia, 4 V 2 @s • Sul
tana, & 73 /*'- !~. ;.--.■ '
11 kka.>T.3-4VB@IV4" In barrels and 4Vi@
*V i ' r Id case*. '***
I-RUNKS— California, 25- lb boxes 4@7Vic
-60-lb boxes, 3-/3® c.\ ; 7i '
APRICOT. — California, boxes, 9@lsc; bags, 8
CJllc. ■ • 1
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ti@B*&c: peeled, 12@15c.
DaTKs— Persian, 60-lb boxes, s @4Vac.
Kn»S— J aticy ordinary, 12@18c; lancy washed,
2('@24c. '
■•-,-'; STOCKS AND BONDS.
Opening. Closing.
American Sugar $i.4 12Va $113 " 3
American Sugar PM.,.. . .
American Tobacco 74 60 76 tO
American Spirit M.g 1.0 H 37y 2 1200
Atchison ..... 1000 10 25
Central Pacific.....; .
ChlcairO 82 50 84 V7IA
CRiQ 7100 72 50
Con. Gas
( ordage — — ' •
Cordage Pfd _J ,
 FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
• 4 Leldesdorir St.. Tel. Main 1034.
__^ ' -"■' fiNTiw i. orricß . ■ " ■ "
f2S Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson.
■* Managers. Tel. Main 6144. '.
Uptown Offlcf— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining GrUl
Koom). . Tel. Main 1./91
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Gr«lej» instantly executed on ■■ latest market on» ■
tatlen*. Reference Ist National Bank. a. B. ■■'
caiCAwu xtavAik. wu^. ii*w you.
Denver* Rio'Orande Pla.
Delaware <$ LacKawana.... 150 00 150.57V 3
Krle.
General K!fctric - 30 50 31 37 Mi
Jersey Central 77 12Va 7H 37^
Kansas A Texan Fid — '■ — V 7 .'5
Lake Shore — — 166 On ,
Louisville <fc Nashville 40 62% 46 5
Mannatian Cod. MOD b* 75
Missouri Pacific 3525 15 <n
National Lad.... 5:2 87% 22 b7y a
New York & :-f«- Kup!anl.
New York « eniral '•'» 75 10 ' '-' 6
North Pacific • 1-' B->i«, 287 V a
North Pad tic, I'M 35 37Va • 3t>B7i/g
Northwestern 10* 37i/ 2 105 25
North American — : .
Pacific . Mai 27 121^1
Pullman. ; 15300
Uocklslaud 6V! ia%. ».Smt
Keading 18 25 19 121/ i,
St. Paul 72 50 73 371/2
Texas Pacific
Tennessee t 0.l £• Iron 23 OJ 23 50
Union Pactlic 5 12% 5 25
U. :S. Leather .
I. S. Lsnther, Pfd 64 s<» 65 25
Western Union 80 50 ' bl 50
Wabast), Pfd
CHICAGO MAKKCTS.
CHICAGO, In., .April IX— Provisions were
steady and fairly active iv early trading ing to
the expectation of lig-it receipts. Prices reacted
owing to realizing. Cash dpmnud irregular, out
aide speculation very lu-tit. ilosji will influence
tbe market to a great extent, an manr believe
the movement will !>■• lulit lor some time. K»
ceiptsof hoss to-morrow are estimated at 23,000,
wh.cli ha I a depressing influence. To-days re
aay's receipts were 10,000.
BUTTEK — small; market steady. De
mand, however, veiy quiet. Western creamery,
17y,c. Kecelpt<i, 3400 tins.
Kuii-- HfC<>ti>:s liberal, but market active;
prices firm. .Western, i' 1 4c per dozen.
Only about 20UO head c cattle were received to
■ da.-. The supplies were anal, but prices were
firmer. sulef. $3 75#4: common dreasocS beef
1 s:eers. $3@5 33; oiio c- to prims, bulk traaniK,
$4 304J5. some demand for export. Choice slock
vent at $4 fcll@s 35. Kecelpts of bogs were 16,-
OuO. The Hsu. movement was attributed to i.ad
country- routs. There wa« a fair demand to-day,
most arrivals sold nt price? ranging from $3 41'@
4 20. Toward me clone prices weak«ne.l owineto
predictions of Increased r«rel|>ts to-morrow. Kati
mated receipts for to-xnor.ow v 2,000.
WHEAT— :9:KO .0:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
May t>7s' 8 67 67V4 07*4 67»/g
July 6714 065^ oii»4 titf.'m 6o7 /8
feeplember 65 s * 6;»i/* 65 V* t>si,<» t>sVi
llr:00 IS: 0 1:00 1:15
April 67s g
May 67 Vi 07 V* 67 V 887 Vb
July 67 6Ti/ 8 67Vs 67Vg
September «55.-i C5Va tiol/z 653'g
BAKLEY-23*ic. • '.
CORN— April. •-.U..(a,23&5c: 'Mar, 23i»i@23%c.
OATS-April, 16c: .May, itiVjC.
KYK— Sic
FLAX-7»l,ic.
TIMOTHY— 65.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— fork— f8 52: May, $3 55
©8 571^,. Lard— April. $4 -j6; Aiay, $4 27" buort
ribs-April. $4 72; May, »1 72.
1,1 VHStOl'k.
HOGS-Lignt, *S 90@4 13: mixed. 53 95ft
4 17* V. heavy, $3 BU@4 20: rough, 43 X ■-'«!.•> 9 -.
CA'l 1 LE-Ueeves, $3 b&@s 40: cows and Heif- I
ers, $2@4 40: Texas sieer>, $3 SU&4 BO; stockers
and leed-rs. $3 40@4 45.
SHEEP— il»rket strong to 10c higher. Native
sheep, *335 10; Westerns, 53 75@5; lambs, §4@6.
FOKKlvi>* MARKETS.
London.
LONDON, Knt,., April 13.— Consols, 112 i/ 8 ;
Silver, 28 Vi; Fr«jnch rentes, 102f 70c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT-steady. >o. 1 standard California
wheat, "-8< Pl; cargoes off coast, tlrmer; cargoes
on passage, firmer, 3 toed higher: English coun
try markets, firm: French country markets, qu ci
and s eadv: wiieat in Paris, firm: flour In Paris,
firm: wheat in Rutland, fine.
COTTON -Uplands, 4 3-32 d.
PUTUKES.
The Produce Exchange cable Elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. "2 Red Winter: May,
9s 9d; July, 6s 91. September, 5s 6 1 •_. I.
EXCHA.NGK AM> BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 87i y 4
Sterling Exchange, sight: — 4 HHya
Merlins Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, bight — 17Vj
New York Exchung*'. telegraphic. — 16
line siiver. per ounce — 6^1..
Mexican Dollars. 49 i.j &0
FEODUOE MARKET.
WHEAT AM> OTbKK GRAINS.
WHEAT FKKIGHT:<-CurrentquotatU>nßarel7s
6d spot and '2 6s for new crop loading, with only an
occasional spot charier. The chartered Wheat, fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of £950, against
17,700 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 8 ),».'>() tons, against 58,000; on the way to
this port, 249 000 ions, against '214.000.
WilEa'l'— Futures continue unsettled and were
weaker yes:erday. !)<•». ers quo;e a rattier
lower range for spot values, with a dull market.
Quoted at 81 17^*1 20 ctl for common Erodes,
$1 J'^^ii for average No. 1, *1 15 lor choice and
$1 30@l 371-J V- ctl for extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD BAUBBi
Informal session— 9:ls lock— December—
40CO KM, ?1 11; 8 00, $1 lo%; 4000, 81 los /i;
10.000. 51 111/*: 22.000, *1 li%.
second Mission — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 11V4-
Beouub slo»mxb Session— May— 4ooo ells
$ an.,: I^.OOU. *1 iiy*: -^b.OOU. 91 21. Decem
ber— >!000. ft. 111/ - ■iOOJ, $1 .13,.; to ooo
$1 111/*. lu.ooo, ?1 IIVb: 22.000, $2 ilk;
10 000,5111*/,. /4
Aj-tkknoon session — December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 11; 6000. $. UVs: 600 J. $1 11; 28,000.
*1 11%. May— 2oUo. $1 8 ; jjou, SI '/Oi/i:
200u, $ 1 20.
bAI'.LLY- Exports from this port in March
were 1:43, 5f0 clis. against 176. in March, 1896.
For the first three mo iths of 1&97 they were
41b\3-.'7 cils, vaiued at $416,886 ; against 473,7«1
CUa, at 579. -.'-'0 In 1896.
Feed is more freely offered and the Inquiry Is
less, but prices show 7.0 change. Feed, (js(g;7'J V»c ;
Brewing remains nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session-9:15 o'clock— May— 6oCO
c:ls. 70c; 2000, 7(ii. c: VOOO, 70Vio. December—
2000, 6834 c: 4000. ti»%c.
Skconi> cession— No sales.
Hkoclae llobmno M>.Htti<>N— May— 26,ooo ctls.
70c; 200 . 70V'8C: 1:1.00, "OV4C. December— 4000
6»l/ic; 1000. 6b%c.
Ajtkbnoon Mission — December— 2ooo ctls,
68Vjc
OATS— Continue dull at previous prices. Mill
ing are. auo;ab!e at $1 15(al 2u » ctl:
xv a , ncv i"f, n sl 25 l 3 ' J * ctl: common
hit*-, $I@l 10: cood to rnoice, $1 12V4@1 221 -
Black for feed, 95cfe*l 05; Gray, SI ioS>l 17i4'-
Surnrise, $1 35@1 40 t* ct:. Clipped Oats sell $l«o
2 per ton cn?er ;he law product.
CORN — Son rnucn going on. Large Yellow. 80
&8*i ?2 c ctl; small Round do. 97Vic; White, 80
(ctiJC (4 Cll. '
, P>Vii-;7Va@BL'VsC * ctl. Offerings are neg
lected, as usual. . ~.
BIXKWutAT- at $1 15<£1 25 * ctL
FLOUR AM) BIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net rash prices are: Family extras,
9* 75©4 85: Bakers' extras, $4 50«a4 65; Super
fine, $l@4 35 * bbJ.
CORN M HAL, ETC-Feed Corn, $17 50@18:
Cracked Corn. $18©19 ft ton.
MILLJsTUFFa- Prices in sacks' are as follows,
usual discount to the trad»: " » hi «> Flour «2 85
* 100 lbs: liye Flour. $2 50 «* 100; Rice Flour,
$.'. ••>; Cornmeal, $2^<S'2 .5: exira cream do f2 75
Oatmeal, $:1 50; Oat Groats, *4; Hominy, $3 .Oi<S
3 3.;; Buckwheat Flour, »3 25@:i 50: Cracked
Wheat, *3 50: Farina, «4; Wboie Wheat Flour
S.i; Rolled Oats < bbls). $4 75©5 16: Pearl Barley'
83 75&4; Split Peas, $3 50; Green do, $4 25 » 100
lbs.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues weak at the quotations. Feed
stuffs are without change.
BRAN— $13313 50 for the best and $12312 50
9 ton lor out^lde'brands.
MIDDLINGS — $17@18 for lower grades and
18 50@19 't» ton for the best.
xKKDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15015 60;
Oilcake Meal at 'the mill, $26 SO t* ton; jobbing',
27 50. ■ ■ ' • .
- HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 60; Wheat and Oat. $7<a
10; Oat, 56&8 60: Barley, $6 50@8; Alfalfa. $t5
@7 50: compressed, «6&9 50; stock, $s(4ti; Clo
ver, $6»8 ft ton. .. .
STRAW— 25 <t6oc * bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. .
A few Beans are being shipped out, but the
movement is not larse. The local demand is
dead. Seeds continue neglected.
BEANS- quoted at $1 75@195; Small
Whites, tlOl 20 per ctl; Large Wnltes, $I@l 20
9 ell; Pinks. SI 054tl 20; Reds, $1 10@l 20- '
Blackeye, $1 60S»l 76; Ked Kidney. $2@2 60- Ll'
@l*2s 6 °® l - 6 : BuUers> * X as©l «>: Pea, »i 10
«'" , ED IWD«1 WD « Mustard, $2 50<a'2 75: Yellow
Mustard. $1 50 ril; Flax. $1 CO •> ctl- Canary
Se,d, l%»ai4c.V It: Alfalfa. 6V4e; Rape, *i
is /4 c; Hemp, ac: Timothy. 4 lAc.
nTOjg" l^ **? -° * Cll: Green -
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions show, no further change.
Vegetables are in liberal supply and weak.
POTATOES-New Potatoes, l@2c ?. Tb: Sweet
Potatoes, « i@l 76 f ctl: Early Hose, 60®75c
» ctl; Elver Keds, 70©,80 c: Burbank Seedlings
SUrcteOc * ctl for Klver* and 60(480c for Feiaiul
mas; Oregon Burbanks. 66=6i$l 10. ■■>■ ■• » .
ONIONS— Oregon*, $;< ÜB»3 75 «t ctl. Cut On
ion*. $1 •ibr^\ 60 V sack. Australian Onions lob
bins at Ss®;> 50 9 ct!.
VEi.ftABLP:^ Receipts were 1H45 boxes As
paragus. 914 boxes Rhubaro a d :,( 0 Mks Pens.
Hoihouse Cucumbers quotable kl 7.".rf<9jfl 50 »
dozen; Asparagus, 76(^1 -J6 ■?» box forconimou,
#1 .0 for choice and »1 75@2 for fancy: Knu
,J"J U 6 ' c @ sl * box: Marrowfat „ fcqnash, ifo
©7 ■$ ton: J,os Acgeies Tomatoes, — -. a box-
Mexican Tomatoes. : «1 26@1 50 * box; Dried
Peppers, 6@Bc * 1b; Ureen Peas, " l%@3Vic; " 1^
THE SA.N FKAJS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AFKIL 14, 1897.
Angelfs =trinij Beans. 6@Bc %> < lb: Driel Okra.' 8
(gt)c V lb: Cabbage, 4().'is.VJ? f> ctl; Carrots, a s@
30c IP sack: Garlic, iy.&2c V In-
15ITTKK, CUKESIi AND »CGB.
BUTTER— A good deal of the Butter Is coming
in all out of shape, owing' to . the heat, and has to
be sold at crease prices. The feeling is" w«. n k.
Ckeamery— Fancy creameries. 13ft$13Vac; sec
onds. 12012U|C p lb.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, ll@l2c 1* tt>; lower
grnd-^, Seal Ic.
PICKI.KD— I3i^@I4c V lb for new.
Firkin— lHOl4C »» lb for new.
Creamkry Tub— New, lie ?l ft.'
CHKKME— Is weak and pleniitul. Choice mild
new, tJVz<ci7c & tt>; common to good, sVi(a;bc;
Cream Cheddar, 10(^1 lc: Youn: America, ,(i^Bc;
Western, lie: Kastern, 13©15 c V a>.
t.(iiis>_ Prices show 1,0 rai ticularch <n- >'■ Kanoh
Kcsn. HV2@l2c; stole K«gs, 10i«(a lie %». dozen;
Duck Eggs, 14c %* doz*a.
l'OlLTia AXU GAME.
roULTKY— Another car of t'astern arrived yes
teiday and still another Is duo Friday. Local
stock Is steady. Kas'.ern stock. i s:£ts 80 for Hens,
$7 for young Koo-"ers, $4 50 for old Koosters,
$2 60 for Ueese and $1 for Turkeys.
Live Turkeys, 14@16c lor Gobblers, 18@16c for
Hens: C-ese 1^ pair. S2@2 25: (;oslln?s. $2 50@3:
Ducks, 55@6 50 for old and *7(g)8 for you. g;
Hens. »4@is; hooslers, young. $6 60@7 BO:
do, old, *J(a,4 50: t ryers, *s(a.fi 60: i ioil**r«, S4@s
for large aud *2 50<5,3 50 tor small: Pigeons, 91 75
@2 t* doz for youDg and ?1 60 lor old.
GAME— Hare, nominal; llabbhs, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AKO CITt:US FKCITS.
Oranges, Lemons and Lines rule strong, owing
to the hot weather. Cold storage Apples are now
offering. Receipts of Strawberries am meager.
-lUUors FKUITB— ;
Apples. fl(^'2 "$ box.
CITBOB FKI ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at S2@3 60 9 box; Seedlings, $I@l 35 H box:
Mediterranean Sweets. $1 -J 13) 1 :>0 «t box; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 lor common and $1 50@-' 25
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, Ss.'<rs 50 fa, box;
California Limes. 75c/£sl * bx; Bananas, $I@2 ?»
bunch; Pineapples, Jf-!a4 %* doz.
DKIKD FKI'ITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Beveral changes In Dried Fruits appear. The
market Is quK-t and Prunes are lower.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4@si^c Tfr lb; fancy, 6c t* &>: peeled,
".a lie; Apricots, 6@Bc; Hoorparka, 10@12c:
evaporated Apples, t@o^c; sun-dried, i:@3c;
Piiines, 2@2V>c for the 4 sizes: white .figs, 3c;
Plum*, 4664V5c for pitted and I®l%c for unp.t
ted: Nectarines. 3i/ 2 @5y 3 c 's n> for pUrae tofancy:
Pears, 2i*©4c for wnole, 2i/»&6c for quarters and
3(0/ '<: for halves.
KAISINb—
Four-crown, loose, 53ic: S-crown. 4Vi"; 2-crown,
3 /sC '{i Ib: seed ess atiliams, 5y 2 c: seedless
Musratels 4i a c; 3-crown London layers, il@l -.'5:
clus.ers. *1 6u; Ueticsn clusters. *::50; Imperial
clusters, $2 60: dried crape i out.
UTS- Chestnuts quotable at, B<§}loc: Walnn'a.
6Va(*7c %* Ib for standard ami 909 VaC Ib for
sotishell; Almonds, 6(fl.li'oc for Languedoc, a@
3VsC for hardshell and S@9c * !b lor papersbeli:
Peanuts, 4@6c V Hi for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts. : «86c "$ Ib; Pecans, 7 1 *'(&
Be %i Ib: Filberts, 7i ;.@Bi-; Brazil Nuts, 7Vb©Sc;
Coroanuts. $s(<is 50 ft 100.
HONK V— Comb. 10@.l'2Va for bricht and B<a9c
for lower grades; \vati*r-wn:ie ••xiract.-.1, 5@. p > V ; >c;
lichi amber extracted. 4^«(^4! | ie; dark amber,
4w4Vjc; dark, '2(sHc * !h.'
BJCKttWAX— ? Tb.
rito visions.
The market Is quiet and unchanged. ■
CURED MEATS— Uacoo. 7c » Ib for heavy. 7y»e
--9 Ib for light medium, 10c for light, 10« jc %l ib
for extra light and 12c '?. Ib for suicar cured Kast
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12' »'• Ib: California
Hams, lie ¥ Ib; Mess Bt-i-f, 59 V bbl: extra
mess . do. 89 60: family do. $10@10 50; extra
prime Pork. $8 50: extra clear. $14 > bbl; mess.
*12 t* bbt; Smoked Beef, 10,- t» :(..
I.ARU— Eastern tierces are cji.u at 5 4 c for
compound and .«%@"c tor pure: palls. 7V a c;
California tierces, 41 -c tor compound and 6. for
cure: balf-bbls, 7c: 10-lb tins, 7V"C; do 5-Ib 734 c
COTTOLENK— 6c In uerces aiid 7^ 4 /B cin
10- Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDKS AND SKIN'S — Sheepskins have . ad
vanced, but other stock' Is about the same. The
market Is auleU Culls and brands' sell lc under
sound stock. Heavy salted steers, tic; medium
7c pt Ib: light, 6V»@7c^ Ib: Cowhides. 6y 3 'S'7e:
Stag*, 6c: salted Kip, 7c V It.: salted fait, «C:
halted Veal 7c; dry Hides. 12V»<B13c; culls anJ
Drands.9Vjl*loc tt>; dry Kip ana Wai, 9@loc:
dry Calf, ice; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20(£35ceacb;
Kids, 6c; Deerskins." cood summer. 26c t* Ib:
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; sheepskins, shear
lings, 10@'20c each: short wool, 2A@4oc each;
medium. 4U(^soc each; lung wool-, tO&7sc eacn:
TALLOW— Is weaker No. 1. rendered, 2»i@3c
V It; So. 2, '2V 3 c; retiued, sc: Grease, ac * ]i>.
WOOL— The uncertainty ret;ardint; the tariff
has checkra the demand and the market is
now quieter. Holders ask former prices, how
ever. Spring clip Is quoted as follows: Moon
tain, ll@l4c 9 lb: Foothill, 10($12V2 c : ban Joa
quin, year's clip, 7@loc; do, seven months, 8«llc
'* B>; Nev»das, 10@14c; Eastern Oregon, 7@loa
HOPS— The m uric ct Is very dulL big.be lor fair
to choice and 9&lUc «* lb for fancy.
GKNrCKAI, M tKCHANDISE.
BAns— Futures are lower. Calcutta Grain Bags,
spot, 5s 4 r4. r i"gc; June. &VB@sVic; July delivery.
sc; San Quentin, $6 40: Wool Bags. L4r<i.'27c.
COAL— Wellington. $8ilion; New Wellington,
18 per ton: southlield Wellington, $7 50 ?♦ ton:
Seattle, $5 60: Bryant. ?5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
%* ton: Wallsend, $7 V* ton; Cumberland,
$13 50 ¥ ton In bulk and 51. i in sacks; Pennsyl
vania, Anthracite Egg. $11(<S12 ft ton: Welsh An
thracite, $8@10: Can.ie.. $8 * ion: nock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke.
$llft£li» In bnlk and $13 i* ton In ska.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, black or red,
2Va-tb. extra" $2 •*» doz: White Cherries, 2i 7 ytb,
exiru, $2 60: 2y s -tt> standards, $2 10: Peaches—
•Veilow, free, «1 iO@l 60: Apricots— 9oc(3tl 05;
Raspberr es, $1 76; berries $1 75.
CANNKJ. VEGKTABLKS— Tomatoe*. 70c
dozen 2%-n> tins: Peas— 9l @1 25 %» dozen.
COFFKK— The market continues dull mid weak.
Costa Rica— lb@lßc f Ib for good to prime
washed: >17@ 17 Vic Jor good: I6@l6a,ic for good
mixed with black beans; 15@16c tor fair; 10$
13^5° nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l7@lßc forg.iod to prune washed;
15Vfci@.lb' 3 ,i<: f* tb -or fair washed; 18&19 C?» Ib for
good to prime washed peaberry; 13i/i©l4c for
Ruperlor unwashed; 1-V1: C for good unwaiihed;
i^l7c lor good to prim" uinvathert peaberry.
Guatemala and Mkxican— lb>A@2Jc > Ib for
prime to strictly primp washed; J7%%(Q18*4c for
good to strictly good washed: 16@170 for fair
washed. l»@l6c 9 Ib for medium: lo@l'j%cfor
ordinary; f-<g>93/ 4 c for Inferior to common; lp@
20c for good to prime washed eaherry; 16Vi;@17c
tor goon to prime unwashed berry.
FI»H— IB97 fish are quoted as "follows: On*
hundred-jiouDd cases. 434 c V Ib; to It. bundles
(3896). 3»iC lb: Boneless (1836). si c: Mid
dles, BV2C: Blocks, 6V 2 &7 c; Desiccated, HOc V doz:
Pacific Wf-rring, l^c V box: Dutch do, 90ci'<t:.1!l JO
%* k<-g: Whlfeflah, ?1 50 In h»lf-bbls »nd *1 7.'> in
kits: Tongues and bounds, f la; Mackerel, hbls—
> a 1, $20: NO. 8, »1H 50; No. 3, *17: h»lf-bb.s—
No. 1, *9(di9 50; No. 2. t8 50@,9; No. 3, 58 50; kits
-No. 1, $1 50: No. 2. $1 25; No. 3, $1.
Q'ICKMILVi-.K— %ifl»sk.
OlL— California Castor 0.1, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbls, i»oc j« gal (manufacturers' rales): Linseed
Oil, In bbls, boiled, 4Uc; do raw, 38c: cases. 8c
more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls. 50c:
No. 1, 45c; cases, 5c higher; Coma Nut,4fc@s4c
V gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC The Stand
ard Oil Company quotes as fellows: Waterwulte
Coal 0.1, in bulk. IOV2C; Pearl Oil, la cases, loc;
Astral, do, IBc; stir, do 16c: Extra Star OU. In
cases. 20c; Elaine, do, 21c: Eocene, do, 18c: De
odorized Stove Uasollne. In bulk, 11 1 /^?: do. la
cases. 17c; 63 dg. I><-orforiz^d Naphtha, in bulk,
101/20; 63dg. do, In cases, l&Vac: 86 dg. Gasoline,
In bulk. 20c; 88 dg.do, in cases, 25c to gal.
WIIITE LEAD— Quoted at 514@SV s>"5 >" %* ft.
HKI) LEAD— Quotable at 6V*W»VxC * &>•
TLT.PK.NTIN — in c«s-s, * lc; in iron barrels,
t9c; in wooden b*rr«is, 41c #* 11)
CANDLE^s— The Standard oil Company quote.!
as follows: Electric Light— ti's, 16 oz. 7y 2 14 oz,
6*4 c: 12 oz. 6c; 10 <■/.. "> ' '4c. Grjinites— d'a 1« 07.,
H'.^c: 14 oz. 7V»e; IS oz, 7c; 10 oz, 614&
LKA'I HER— Harness, heavy. .o,j;ui-; do me
dium, 28c: llpht. •Jifj.J. r ).- Hough Leather, 19®
21c V Ib: Kips. 940©)45 1111 dozen: Calf. 70a9ilc:
Rough -pli's. b;a,9. : Beil-knlfe Hpltn. 12®14c:
Collar Leather, black, HV s (t6lßc 9 foot; do rus
set. li%@l3c; Skirting Leather. 81 Vi * »•
M -A X— Western jsuuer lit •linim; Company
has reduced Its prices and now quotc-s, terms net
cash: 1 übe and Crushed and Fine Crushed. t)i/ s c:
Powdered, s.v c; Dry Granulnied, 6c: Confection
ers' A, sc: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, Ay a c:
Golden V, 48/ 8 c: Candy- Granulated, &Vsc: hall bar
rels 14c more than barrels and boxes Vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The only change of any consequence Is a further
decline In Hogs, which are In free supply. "■.
Wholesale rates fjr dressed block irom slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c: second do, s®si-»c
-third do, 4@4i/2C * tt>. '
VEAL— Large, , >(t,tji- : smalt, 6®7c B th.
; MUTTON— Wethera, 6Va«4Sc; liwes, 6c » ft.
LAMB— 6'/2@~Va c '*> tt>-
PORK— Live Ho<s, 31/31- for large and 38.1®
4c fur small and medium; soft Hogs, iti&aSc:
dressed do, 6@6yiC. /*«» •
WOOD, I.C3IBKR, ETC.
■ Posts, B@loc each for No. 1 and 6 Vb@G l^c for
No. '2; Redwood, *5. %4 cord; Oak, roujili, fc6 50-
Peeled, $9; Pine. 9 i 75. f »»•"».
TAN BARK— Nominal.
LL'MliKß— l'.aios are nominal.
_ - C EIV I*3 OK I'ItO O V CI3.
yon 24 HOURS.
lonr.qr «*»;... 11,770 Cheeje, ca«..,, — 34
Wheat, ct15...... : Kites, an. ." 16,470
Parley. ctls... — . 1,540 Hide*, no ... Z 323
Rye, ct15. ......... .«0 I'elit. bdls. ..'.._ -.05
Beam. ■ lies.-. .:^. • 508 j Win*, can. ... — 61.700
Potatoes »ic*.._ 8 400 Brandy, ga'.5..... 3,200
-0reg0n.......;. 1,292 1 Wool. bis ......; -607
Oulons. »v... __ 65 1 earner, r0115.... * 88
Hay. ions.. — 3PoQ':!rK9ilT«r flski 6!)
straw, tons. :-;o chicory, bbu.... . 10
EjgU** l 4 3<i l.im,-. oOla » 243
?f,^,' "**••*•■•• t!il Lumber. Mliu. -10
■»«««^:eu..:;£; 277 . .
THE STOCK MAEEET.
The Conistocse were rather firmer again yestor*
day and s >me of them sold higher, as will be seen
by th<- list of sales.
iSavaee Is assessed 20c - ■ .-
The Potosl assessment falls delinquent In office
to-day. . •
n /l the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Contra Costa Water torn "«ny the old board of
..- u es was re-elected by the , unaniinoin vote of
«/•'.•. shares otslo k repr<r.ented outof a total' of
sj.uuo shares. The trustees elected are Henry
lierce, Chailej F. A. .Talbot.Viuor. 11. Metcalf,
"ob'-rt **■ Knl B»'t.' , George W.PrfcSCOtt, W. F.
\VhlttieraLd Edwin <vooa«ll. - - ■ .
In Chollar-Brunswlck ground shaft 1 has not
been sunk during me past week, the time bavin*
been devoted to raising the chutes preparatory to
opening the 600 level station.' 200 level— The
slope above this point has reached ihe ninth floor
ami maintains i S wldtn and value. The winze
t<elow the level is down 65 leet on the slope, or
■15 feet vertical,' fot.owii g ' the "pay.- The ore Is
from 4to 5 feet in width, of good grade. 300
level _ The opes above this point show
no change of importance. Are preparing
to sink on a s:reak or pay 12 to. 18 Inche* ,
wide. 41.0 level— i he main south d' lft. on this
level bus l>een advanced 24 feet: loial length 384
feet from t^o north line; the face is iv stiff por
phyr*-. 5001evei— The main south drift on this
levi'l is out, 238 ieet south of the nor.h line, hav
ing been run 50 feet for the week: the face is In
porphyry; have resumed the extracion of • ore
and have taken out and shipped to the Nevada
mill 91 tons and 700 pounds of ore for the week,
giving average assays a-« follows: 'lop-car sam
l-ler. $18 19 In gi.d and 16.H1 ounces of line sil
ver per ton; wagon sample, $17 Ii o:d and 18.81
ounces lint- silver uer ton: bn.terv sample, $16 26
in gold an I 14.58 ounce* line si.ver per ion.
In the Poiosi mine (< oinsiock woikinss) they
Are still opening to the south from the east cross
cut inn from the south drif. on the tunnel level
Just west of the old slope. The east -«!de of the
drift Is in pay material, the face samples running
from *20 to $25 per ton. They h*ve saved from
this point 112 tons and 400 poundsof pay ore,
which they have hoisted and accumulated in the
dump of the Nevada mill. The average top car
sample or the ores was $13 02 in gold and 11.14
fine ounces silver per ton ■
The Mercur Miuins Company of Utah has de
clared a dividend of 12Xi cen:s" per share, amount
in',' to 425,000. payable April 21, and making
«675.000 paid to date.
The skaglt Cumberland Coal Company of Wash
ington has levied an assessnien. of H/a cents per
share, delinquent May 20.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah has
passed its div;d»ii.! for the current - month, and
will apply its surplus funds to the exploration of
tbe mine.
The Hank of California has declared a quarterly
dividend of $3 pr share, payable April 10.
The United states Smokeless Powder Company
has levied en assessment of 10 cents per share
delinquent May la.
■ .A«*«PBuienta rending,
following ma lie: of niw»»men:* now n^n^ln^:
liOAKD SALES.
rcl!owj.-,c «ere (be tu.tn in the San Francisco
•"-lock Eoard resterday:
BIHILAR MORNINQ SWIIIOV, rrucMK?fr:lN<» 6:30.
50(1 Alta. 09ilOO CC<SV...I.7O|IOO 0vrnnn....06
100 Andes-.. .24 .'DO o«StC... 3W300 I'otosl 71
IUO H& H 7l;t00 401U00 70
200 8u11i0n.. ..1*.!C0 H&N 96 :10J isNov 61
150Ca1eda....12 100 Justice.. 100 52
700 Cn01r...1.36 >' <j& CIS jOJ V Jw*fc....27
A*TEHNooN SESSION' — - :Sf).
20 > P*8...._70 100 Occld 100 Savage.. ..26
100 Chollar. 1.30; 100 lotosl «b 100 27
2:>.i «> ot «. ....:s* 400 67 2uO Union c.. i!H
iOO Ktntck....to!lOJ a Nay. ...81
Following wen nit c -- 01 in the Padfio Stock
2. card yesterday: ■
8F801.4R ftmios- l°:"«n
100 AlpSa.---.lt l hUJ C Imp.. ..OS 7OO Potosl 68
100 11 30JU Point 14 900 69
-'00 Alta ....oi> liuO U<tC 37 100 70
sOO Andes H4'»UJ at 20 1 fc»va«e — I
JOH £elcd«r...:i» 5) 36 '.'i:00 28 !
SOU li& 8.....70 (uU UJ;N 94 100 hli<til....o-» {
:\)J tn11!0u....1:i l»00 I. Wash.. ol 100 05
SOU Caieda....l3 Mexican..47 45J a Aev. 61
JOJ fhall«e...;-3 900 41- 200 BHi 11 ....01
>!J0 Cnolr... I.3U ISjO OccJ 17L-uO i>tdrd...l Vs
)J0 ..I.3'J'/~j 15J 0pn1r....1.10 iOJ U810a.....^s
100 l.:<5|100 0vriun....07 100 Utah 07
mo ct;*v...i.7ii j.io 06:100 oh
300 1.72 Vs *<>' »-oio»: 65300 x J»0K1..'.'7
100 C0nn. ..1.10 '210 ...._ 66.1
AFTERNOON MCS3IOJ*— 3:3O.
100 Alr,toa-....10 JOU CC<tV_.l.7o 3000cc1(ia....16
200 Alt* US I 5J conn ...1.1«- l 100 0vrnin....07
100 Andes.-.. '.'• .'OJ U<tC 39 500 Poumm 67
10J ft«lc&««-37 ij.5U HAN !>.- (DO rt»T»r«...--7
15K fc*U......tr. ; 50 KentaclcOc 500 Scorpion. .o4
400 8u11i0n....;-. 200 Mexican.. 4'icSbU b Si SI
•.iOO Cali-d .13 4i ONt Qn 04 50 Stanrd_.lfi,B
•200 Ch11nee...2»4 lOu \i\iui: i.o7 l 2 -OJ Union.... .Us
200Ch11r.1.27>.. 150 . 1.10 SOU * Jo*t....S>B
WSO J.iJO| I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April 13 4 p.m.
A?T*»C«11..... I" 11 Jnll, _ 04 05
AltfL m. 08 U9JusUca. _ 03 04
Andes. ....— "2 24 Ktmnct.,,. „ 05 0« i
Belcher 86 37 Mexican 47 49 ;
£est <& Belesis: eu 70; Nevada Qneea. — to
fcenion C0a.... 15 16 Occidental.... 10 17
Bullion „. 12 13 Ophlr. 1.05 1.10
Caledonia. 12 l.juvermaa . 05 06
Cnollar 1.25 l.SOlioioaL .. B7 68
Con.Cal&Va... 1.70 1.7J ; savacn. _ 26 27
Challenze CO& J4 iB 1 ~c0rp10n. ....« — 14
too. luai>«n*.. 01 M -<cc. Belcher... 15 06
Confidence 1.10 1.15 -liver Hill 01 is
ton New You 11 — sierra JSarisU. 50 51
t.-uwn folm.. 13 14 standard I.UO 1.65
t-aais>ierra^i4 7 — It -ynuica'.e. .._ — 13
JiureWaUoa — :i; nioav.ua... „ 27 28
i-xcaeauor OR l)« ilia ....„ 07 t8
Übuiu^Curry. 37 S8 Velio w j*oX*i« -.6 27
i.».». — .:•...... v ol 9c
tIUCK AND BOND EXCHA.NO&
TUESDAY. AmU 13-2 T. M.
MHU) STATICS BONOS.
y-. ■ j ,*.•>.. lilL iHM.
r eon©. ll2* 4 — J t4sre«...i«J» UU^
Do now usuel 1 . 4 — I
MISCKLLANtotTB BPVBI
Ctl-KtChln3i.ll- — UalcUaa Si.. — mi '
C*l Eler L — 130 bo ' Alls 5a... — 109
tntraCWSs 96V 3 I'M Omnibus tSa.. l'JO^l'Jl
l>pDl-stez-cp — 100 P4 O 6s. — »U.i
iCsn LAP6aI-9 - PiCh Ky 6a. — 205
l&Uliitlt tbiui 107 Pwl-at KRBJII3 ilB
liearv-it Uss - n.5 heno, WUL — 10i
H rib 100 _ bacto AL. - 10U. .
Los adz L {«2>^loU ifcl'ANPRBi. 10J 1021/;
DoUnteaa tii !'-i 2 .i0 bPUKArIzSi 9-» 84'
ilKt-stCbleesli'aJ^lZ*"^ bpUKCalot. 10«% —
DoKyton 4 H'6V* : ->l'KKt»ld*. bo —
N«tVin6slst _ iou ,»PBrßCai6v 87% 9Hi^
KevCNKK7s.]OJ 10&i/^!t»VWater«ti. 11"^» li7^
N KyCal tts. 1031,4 — alerts. 101 101S/,
-• J-, lil m. 85 — j^tktnUJlJCoi U9i/ 2 100V3
"ATKH STOCK V • ■
Contra Costs 38" 4 40 l^prn* Vall«y »t1,4 98%
MfcxinCa..... 4b:. 4 bis^j v "
•AS iXI) KUtOTRm * TOOK*.
Capital. - 30 Paelflo Urht — 61
Central. SHI,*, _ «JFOAEI©o. P4*4 J)5
U tiws Lltu: 0 91/4 -<anFranc»ca k«S 214
W»UI,,tH - 64i*,->l<K:lU©li — a« "
t-au ij«a imp 92 93 '- | '
niDlUitfi VrOCK*.
Flrein«n'BFiliKsi.j — |...... ;..*.. ...... ....^.....
com m ... 1% . A ^ Jt">" r » "
Anrlo-Cal ... 60 — First Natloalixo 190
£ancorcal..24l 242 . London PAA. 127 —
lat tJoIU7 10ti ilerchKx.... -- 1 —
M' 1V... RA.VK KTfl :C '■
«#r«<fct Co..l34o 1400 iSav <fc I^>an. . — 101
HnmbSiL. lUt 1 _• lK*cnrHy..._.2sO —
Uuiua1.. ....;. 3H 41 Union Trust. aSO —
t>ia»v Caioa449 — |
BTRKKT RAII.HOAD STOfIC*.
California.... 10; no Oak HL.<fctf»r _ 103
«<«}••« V.c, — I'restdlo 4 5
»ifcrKßL-«4.... »*i4 441^
% •-••'• - »TOCK»-
AlUntlcn... 16 17 lOlantOox... 8114 313 i
California.... _ no I V1«0r1u...... 40i 75c
tultrnU.... 80 _.-|r
»<M.'Kt.i.AVKorr«'. ■!■»> 'C»
AlatkuPlcr*. _ 104 Sat VlnCo.." ,— =• 8
tier Lead Co. 100 — 'ceanlcSSCo 22 2f»
HawOfcsCa. i^,_. itivi Pac A ux V A 2 4
lluithSfco k55/ 8 26 PacßoraxCo. 19 —
SlerlixAasiL. 9j —  jlkTf PaiotOo cy 8 —
BALKS MOBNINU hILS.IIo.V.
Board—
25 Murk.; it Itaim-av .".. " 44 25
65 Uas <t Electric Co 94 76
110,000 Marlcet-st Ky Con 6% 80nd5.... 105 75
BALKS— AFTERNOON* SK.SSIDM. ■ -
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 39 00
'l 1 HutchliiHonS PCo.. _ _ «5 75
10HF«i»sA Klectrio C 0......; »4 *IV%
»0 do ao : . _:....;... _.-.. 95 Ui)
80 8i'Ua511itht.... ......... ..." 2 37Va
REAL LSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Daniel E. and J^ona (.renlnßor to Helena B.
Orenlnger, lot on S\V corner of Grove and Octavia
Streets, W 55 by S 120; gilt.
George and Battle J. Kas on to Albert H. Qnot
man. lot on XX corner of Pine and Middle streets.
» »7:Bhy X 27; 910. .- . : . - ■>.
Alice c. and Samuel B. Welch 4to '- Lydla Mont
eagle, lot on D line of Pacific avenue, 157:6 J£ of
Pierce utreet, X S3 by N 127:8 Vi: *10-
Klias 1- Me lure to Sarah 1.. McClure. lot on S
line of Greenwich street,- 171 :S% Eof Baker, X
182:10%. a 187:8, •iW i 144:11. N to b^itlnnlnK:
also lot on 8 liv- of Pacific Hvanue. 118:9 W of
Central avenue, W 30 by - 127:81/4 ■'•10. >
1 al'n K. ana Janet Knickerbocker to John and
nh'llh It. MrNally, lot on I* line of I'age street,
131:3 X of Cole, X '26 by N 137:0: $10.
Kliila K. de l.tmit, James G. l'ulr. uharles W'th
ner, KichHrU IVrreli, Peter Mclliieh. J. W. Mc
lion.il.i, c. J.Sp«rboro. J. H. G«g lardo,' A. L.
Hrizolaro, WuiUin M. Coaktln and J. .P. McC'or
mir>c (br a. 11. t.'abauiss, commissioner.) to George
ClabruuEh and Mt-ndel lloytema (executors of the
entitle of John P. Clubrough), lot on NX corner of
Ashbury and ■Frederick atreeia, N 1J6;6 by -15
186:3. 4f,4M;»25. 265. -\ : . N " ■- • . .-■ .
Louis and OelMtin* ere««lre to Bernard I.
Lapachet. lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street, 160
\V of Diamond, \V 80 by B 114: $10.
Jacob and Lina Hevnmn-(by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to Margaret lot on W corner of
Twenty-turd and Douglas streets, N" 26:6 by W
100, lot 57. Heyman Tract: *10.
J. C. Brickell, Jacob F. Schenip. Sallle, Margaret
and MaryK Greenbam to Frederick W. Hul.mun.
lot on N\V line of Harrison street. 196:0% SW of
Fifth, S\V 28:111/4 by X\V 80; $10. 1 '
Henry and tiaruu Krarae to ichard 11. Plum
mer, lot on 8K corner of X street and Thirtieth
avenue, B 107:6 by S 125: ».O •
Katharine J. ai.d Kline P. » lark to Mary Gould,
lot on E line of Forty-fourth, avenue, 12& S o. ■ W
street. S6oby E ISO: *10. >.
Frank Jenkins to John E. Davenport, lot on \V
line of Folaum ttieet, 800 N of Rlpley (Prospect
place), >. &o by W- £00.- lot 123 Precita Valley
and a: 910.' .
AUMBIIA COUNTT. l
William J. (i. liainby to John Mole and William
Mann, lot ou E lice of Chestnut s.reet, 231:3 Sof
enty-eigliiu, s 31 :S by E 131.', bock 652, quil-
C aim ueea, Oakland; *10.
Oakland Bank of .- avings to ' corse H. ! Row
land, lot on * line of West Fifth street, 50 X of
Lewis, E 50 by 8 113. being lots 24 i.n>t 25. block
ii, Bay View HomesteaJ, uakand; $3100-
Jobti C. Wilson to sue* Wilson, lo; ou Twenty-
Urst street (or Hobart), 678:6 W of Telegraph ave
nue, s 220. W 37 :6, N 2-2:3, E 37:6 to beginning,
Dakland; gift.
Alexander Mcßean and Jennie V. Calv.T to Al
bert V. Bills, lot on IN line oi Brown or 'Ihlrty
'ourth street, 595.95 W of Telegraph avenue, W
tv by X 119:10. being a portion of lot 'ii on map
B, map of h portion cf the estate of A. CL Brown,
Dakland; $10.
Albert V. 1 il: 3 to Mary A. Bills, same, Oak
and; 10. '
O. *. aid Lculs C. Potter to Vps a M. Colby, all
meres, In lots 11 to 18. block O; .os 10 to 20.
0 ock I; lots 10 to 13, block L : a 1 or blocks V, \V
md X; lo s 10 to 21. block J ; lo.s 13 to 17.
oockQ; also that trnc of laud bounded on the
N us »> line of lots IV! to 17, 20 at cl 21, bloc* J,
b- by w lines of lots 11 to 17, block W. S by X
tnes of lots 1 to 8, bloc< W, \V by A lines of lota
1 and 10, bloc* M, and lot 20. blcc J. also on the
W o> E terminus of Lily street, ail being lv th«
Koberts & Wolfskill Iract, map 3, Oakland
township; gran..
Annie W. and W. G. Dubig to August Denevt
lot on a Hoe ot Minna street, 349:1 £ oi Telegraph
ivenue, X 26 by B 100, being the X V, of lot, i*.
Linden Homestead, Oakland Township; $10
Oakland Building and Loan Assuclation to
Caroline P. B. btory. lot on M liv« of liiigard
ivenue, 82.647 X of Arch street. E 40 by ■ R 110,
3«-lng portion of lots 1, 2 and 3, block 5, Corrected
Map Daly's Ucenlo Pane Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Henry \V. Taylor to -Maurice Wurts, lois 36 and
37, block 6, Amended Map Central Park, Alcatras
»'rd Newbury stations. Berkeley, quitclaim deed;
810.
U. C. Morris to Annie A. Mawer (wife of W.
W. H.), lot 16, b.ocK 10. Warner Tiact, Brooklyn
rowusnip; $10.
Andrew >.ie sen to Joseph and Bertha Ray mom),
ot 10, block 24. same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Same to same. lot on W Hue ot oli\e street. 141
feet S. oi Bay View avenue, S. 50 by W 160,
>• ing lot 11, block 24, same, Brooklyn Township ;
HO. y
1 homas M. Quackenbush to Esther E. Swort-
Sguer, lots 1 to 7. block 14, of Stratton's Survey of
rVlameda. A lambda; gifi.
A. W. Kennedy (by sheriff) to Frank A. Gum
iier, all In.eres: in lot on S line of Kailroad ave
me, 191:6 \V oi P»ru (or .Sixteenth) street, W 32
jy b 107, being portion ot block 25. Town of Enci
ml, AUmedu; $1500.
/-rank A. Uuuimer to John F. Kennedy, same;
FlO.
John Stewart (assignee of William Smith, In
lolVHnt) to William and Mary Eawrence, lots 8
md 9, Lawrence Tract, Hay wards, Eden Town
ibip, quitclaim deed: $40.
John and Sarah s. B. i ule to Daniel Best, lot on
V line of Brown street, 1.6:3 of Market, ESO
ay N ISO lot 30, block L, Central Land Com
'any, subject to a mortgage of $1000, Oakland;
110.
Francis J. and Dell C. Woodward to Ervin S.
.'hai ni»!i, lot on E line of Filbert street. 185. 17 S
if West Sixteenth, S 60 by E 125 portion of lots
and 4, bloc< 591, Galiudo '1 met, subject to a
risagu for $1001', Oaklunj; $10.
Christen Larsen to Moritz Slverman, lot on N
ineof East Eleventh street, 125 E of Twenty
ilxlh avenue. E 60 by N jOO, lots 18 and 19, block
• , Knowles A Potter subdivision of Kennedy
tract, Jiast Oakland; $26/0. .-~\<;,
ISuildi-iH* Contracts.
Mrs. Sara Patek with Charles Schutt, to erect a
wo-»;ory building on W line of I arkm street,
10 :'Ji. i so! raniemo, $3760; Kenitzer<fe J-,arih.
architects.
J.I. Pobeim with Uiay Eros., foundations, con
ret work, etc , for a two-story building on NW
lornerof Washington and Locust streets, $2982;
L W. Marquis, architect.
Same wltn G. H. Moore, carpenter work, same,
57500; same architect
Same with Bertram Bros., plumbing, gasnttlng,
ewering, same, $1240: tame arenkect.
• — * — «
A. 10-foot tinjor 10 feet square holds
13.74 barrels.
OUJSA-N STKAMMiS.
STEAMKRS TO AKKIVE.
SUN. MOON AND XIJUK.
tTWTTKO statbs I OABT AJTD okodftio Btntvirr-
Timbjj AND HKIBHTB Of HIBH AXD LOW
watkiis at lORT Point. Entravob TO
fA» Francisco Bat. Published bt Orri-
CUIL AUTHOBtTY or TBII bUPkIiI.VTKNDrXT.
Note— The hlch and low waters occur at th«
City Front (Mlsslna-street Wharf) about twentr
live minuiej lsu?r than at Fort Point; ma neiciu
of tide is the same a: both places.
April -180;.
Wednesday. April 14.
Son rises .«.:<•. Moon rises
Sunsets 6.45|.M00a sets..."" 3.41ak
Nora— In tli* above exposition of tie tides tht
tarly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, anil the successive tides of the day in th«
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column Elves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, ana the last or right
band column elves the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The ; heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States- Coast Survey
chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes lbs
belch;, and then the number given is sabiractlra
from the depth riven br the charts. -..-• •
iv i, xo m \i;i>r i;>
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office located In the .; Merchants Exchange is
maintained in San . Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
•xbenseb£Bß9pßfHSMffMsSKPßfti' ! t£Rp&EliftNMßQßJ
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
Office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanir or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
eau always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or Interest to ocean
commerce. - * ■
Thetlm* ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from • the
United Stales Naval Observatory a. Mare Island
Cat.
" A notice stating whether • the tims ball : was
dropped on ' time. . or giving the error. <If any. li
published th« same day oy the alternoon papers.
Had by the morning papers the following Jar. ■
W. & Hughes.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In change.
The Time Ball.
BIiNCH BTDROSBAPHIC OFFtCR, 0. S. N. ■)
. • Merchants' EXCBAKSE - f
■'■■-...-■■ San Francisco. April 13. 1897. )
The time ball . on Telegraph Hit. was dropped
exactly at noon to-dajr— L •„ a: noon of the. liJUta
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m., Green time.
W. s. aeons,
. IJentenan* U. N.. In c barge.
SHIPPING I>TJiLLI(iE-\CE.
Arrived
TUESDAY, April 1&
BlmrQeo Loomls, Brldgett, 36 Hours from Ven
tura: 88JH bb!a ull, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Btmr National city, Andresen, 12 liourj from
Al: nil], r r lies, to C A Hooper A Co.
fctiur Alice Blanchard, iiusho*, 96 bourj irem
>
Astoria, etc; I pass ana mdae, to North Pacific
Steamship Co. ■
Arcata. Cousins, 61 hours from Coos Bay:
pa»s and ncutaa. to O C >'• Co.
SchrJohn F Miller, Hansen, 13 days from New
Woacuin: TJV M ft lumber, to Beliinghaui Bay
Imp Co. • - ■ ■ ■ .
i : bchr Corona, McAilep, 13y 3 days from Port
I Gamble: lumber, to Pope & Taloot.
v-learrd.
TUESDAY, April 13.
Rtmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
•II- Perkins & Co. r
snip ict-iipM, Pe:erson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. , •
ship Bohemia. Whalman, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Assn. . _ 1 .
Baric \v \v case, Peterson, Bristol Bay : Alaska
Packers' As«n.
Bk n ■ Willie R Hume, Brown, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn. ;
.;: r < i: , sailoil.
TUESDAY, April 13.
Ftmr Gipsy. I.elan-1. Santa en;
Simr Columbia, Conway, Astoria.
Stmr Alcazar, uunderson
Stmr Ijignna, Peterson.
Stmr Lillian, l<u^rroec<. Pyramid Harbor,
liaw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hilo.
fctnr Nettie Low, .low, fomt Uo/ei.
Telegraphic.
»-OTNT LO"->-<. April IS— l2 p. m.— Weather
thick wind SW: vv.ooi.w 8 m..j*.
Charters.
The Andrew Welch and SG Wilder load mdse
for Honolulu.
Spoken.
Mar 21— La- 31 S ion? 36 W. Br ship Carnbus
doon, hence Dec -J, fur Que^mowii.
Per Compeer— .Mar 18 - Lat 'JO 0-4 x. lons 119 46
W, Br Dark Blairiogie. from Vancouver, lor Ddla
goa Bay. . ' -' ': '
i lviii i<- Port*.
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Apr 13— Stmr Weeott,
hence Apr la.
REDONDO— Arrived Apr 13— schr La Glronde,
from Grays Harbor.
SEAT ILK— Sailed pr 13— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived Apr 13— Schr
Compeer, from Ocos.
HUENEME-Arrlved Apr 13— Tug Vigilant,
hence Apr la. to assist 111-fated simr Yaqulna.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 13— Stmr
Gre»nwoo<i, from Greenwood.
ALBlON— Sailed ADr 12-Stmr National City
O ' -^aii Francisco.
FORT BRAG'i-Arrived Apr 13-Stmr Protec
tion, from San Pedro. '
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 13— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Apr 13-Schr Barbara
Hern-iier. from Jlowcus Landing; stmr Pt Arena,
hence Apr 12. .
TACO.MA— Arrived Apr 13-Stmr Washtenaw,
hence Apr P. . ; ...
DON DO— Arrived Apr 13-Schr Gen Banning
from G. ays Harbor. 1 M'-* : i'-. ; .'
Kastern Port*.
NEW YORK— Apr 12-Stmr Valencla,fm
Colon. , -
Foreign Port*.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Acapulco. for
San l-'ra Cisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Apr 12— Bark Undaunted
from Fort Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA- sailed Apr 13— Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco. ...
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Apr 12— Bark Alice
A I>-lKh, from Shanghai.
LIVE KPOOL— Arrived Apr 12-Br ship Port
Caledonia, b«nce Dec 4.
YOKOHAMA— Arrive* Apr 12— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY- sailed Apr 11-Br stmr Miowera,
for Vancouver. ■
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passed Apr 11-Br bark
r»oriiiH, from Hamburg, for Port Los Angeles.
T,J FAG AST a— sailed jteb 24— Br ship -Scot
tish Lochs, for Iqu que. '
In port Feb I— Br bark Sam Mendel, for Roy al
Roads.
Importation*. • -1 v"
PORT ORFORD— Per Arcsta-7 pVgs hides, 8
eds wood. 2 cuests express, 1 ak coin, 3 pkgs rame.
Coos liay— 4so tons coal - 1 b.td piano. 3 cs out
ter. 18 bdls hides, 10 rolls leather, 1 sk peas. 181
pot.a-.oes, 148 sks potatoes, 2 pk<a express 1
pkg mdse.
PORTLAND-Per A. ire Blancliard-80 bdls
hoop-t, 158 bdls staves. 48 bd:s heads. 1180 bdls
shook*. 17 M ft lumber, 50 M laths.
Astoria— 4B'J7 bd 3 shoo.s, 50 M ft lumber.
Coos Bay— l 7 green hides.
Fields Lanllnit-90& M sninsles.
KIiREKA-Per Pomona— 2 bxs fish, 1 bx 7 tubs
butter. 1 b.T hardware. 2630 M shingle*, 1 sk coin.
3 pkgs express, 2 bxs dry goods.
E Ran 1 X X R— B tubs 4 kegs 198 bxs butter,
40 cs condensed milk. 2 bdls furs.
Connignnns.
Per Pomona— A Paladini: o-J^e. Bweenpy A Co;
Pacitic cuast Fish < o: Dunham, Carngan & Co; H
Liebes: Gray A Mitchell: w n aion. Hr«ou A Co;
Kri^liani, Hooiie A 1 o: Wells, Fargo A Co: Kuhs,
Early it Co: Hlggins A Collins: Weils. Far?o A Co;
(J E Whitney A Co; tl h rum Brewery; Hills Bros;
Standard Oil Cj; JB Hani:y; Norton. Teller <ft Co:
F B ilalght; Ro&sA Hewlett; Wltzel A Baker; C D
Laid: Wolf A son: United States Brewery; O B
Smith A Co; (ietzßros A Co.
Per Alice Blanch art! — a Carl; D H Bibb Lum
ber Co: Hackney Chase A Co: J Clark: J J Moore
A Co; Ililmer. BredholT A.-tchulz : Clmsop Mill Co;
Amer Carb Acid UasCo; W B Sumner A Co; Arc
tic Oil uorks: Union Oil Co: Wm J i'lark: Cha*
Nelson.
P<-r Arcata— Kohl»r it Chase :W B Sumner A Co :
Erlanger A Galinger; McDonough A Kunyon; JC
.int. -i -0:1 : stannanl Oil Co ; Brown Bros <fc Co: OC
& N Co: Wells, Kanro JfcOo; Tnomas Louphran; X
Kruse: Standard Oil Co; W B Sumner <fc Co: Leg
al.et A Hellwig.
ocean TRAVEL.'
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Afll
O wharf. San Franclsca as follows: aSSC
For corts in Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, «1, *&
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi.atcom (Belllnxham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
April 1, tJ, 11. 16, 21, 28 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. T. R. R,, at Seattle with li.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Koreka, Arcata and Fields Lundine (Hum-
boldt Bay). Str. Pomona 2 p. m., April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18. 22, 26, 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cavucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East Sao
Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
April 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, ana every worth
day thereafter. (
For San* Diego, stopping only at Port Hanort
(San Luis Oblspo), *ania Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. April 2. 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jo*e del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 2Sth of each month.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing date 3 and
hours of sailing. : Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r .:, ,• From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "DT?/»12 Flrst-clasn > Including
J: rvitu\s|} Second-class /berth A moils
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia March 24. April 3, 13,
State of California. .March 29, April 8, 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern poiuta, Rates and lolden upon applies
I". F. CONNOR. General Agent.
• . 630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERK INS A CO.. Superintendent*
PHBaBIMIfI «. S. AISTKALIAfor
JaflHlC HONOLULU nnlv,
L •*■■■• Tuesday, April 20, at
■™ J L 2p. m. Special party
f^u^ I* A rates.
iSfrMmSninc) '''^ S. S. MONO WAI
f2)lWllllJlll r ' ' sa |, s via HONOLULU
• tfOlllFfflOU- and AUCKLAND for
\yiipUl«p s V DN X Y. Thursday.
: April '29, 2 P. M.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, A u St., and CAPETOWN,
fcoutti Africa.. ■
J. tt SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
. ■ 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Mark street, mil Francisco.
COMPAGME GENERAL TROSATLAITIQUa
■ French Lino to Havre. .
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH nil
Vj River, foot of Morton sl Travelers by <<viE^
this line avoid both transit by English railway an'f
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. .New York to Alexandria. Egypt, viaParU
first clans 9160. second class 9116.
LANORMANDIE .....:....... .April 17, 10 a. vc.
LA CHAlli A0.VE...... April 24, 10a. m.
LA GASCOGNB..: May 1. 10 a m
LA'IOURAINE .May 8, 10 a. m.
LA KHKTA.JNE .....M»vli id it M.
Mi' For further particulars apply to
„ _ ■:_• A. FORGET. Agent,
t v CT .^ A^ Bow ling Green. New York. !
J. F. |x>GA^i A CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. .... . . ■
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St I
At « I. M. Daily, freight received 119
to .»:.li> p. M.
: tiir Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rate* to . all iioin.s 0.1 Valley
Bauioad. . ■ .'.. ■■•■■.■
SXEAMKKS!
. T. C. Walker, . J. D. Peter*.
Mary . tiarrat t. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 800. . . Cat. Nay. aud Impu Oa
FOR U. S. IAVMARD ■AID; VALLEJO.
STEAMKR ••SIONTICKI.IiO."
Mon..Tnes.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat.^:.. ........
m ,'" 8: * 5A m. and 3:15 p. M (9 p. M ex. Thurj.)
Friday 5............ ......... ........ .1 P. M., 9 p.m.
Sundays....... 10:30 A. and 8 p. U.
Landing and offices. Mission Dock, . Pier J.
.. ; ... -.: Telephone Green 381.
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS&SASTA CRUZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PJEK 1 DAILY
kJ (Sundays excepted) at 10 a. M. Alviso da.lv
(Saturday , excepted) •at 7 p. M. Freight and
Passenger. Fare ' between San - Francisco : anil
Alviso, 60c; Sto San Jose. 76c. Clay . su, i*i«i,
, Ml W. baata Claraat., baa Jos»
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SOUTHKRH PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTKM.) \^
' Tr .| u> U-nvc mi«l >»•«• <lii« to strrl»« at
lf SAN l'l(<tN<t!M;o. J.
leave Z Fkom March 21, 1897. — akrivJ
"•"oToOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... H:4~> ,
7-OOa Atlantic Express, Ogtleu and Bast.. t»:l-""»
7:OOa Ueuicia, Vacaville, Rn«. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and Redding via
DavU • 6:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CaliiU-S^ and Santa Rosa 6: 1 .» -
-8::tOA Niles, Bau .lose. .Stockton. lone, .
Sacramento, Marysfillo, Chico,
Tjhama tncl Red Bluff 4i|.lp
•8:30 a Pcter3 mid Mi1t0n..... «7jlsp
9:UOa New Orleans Kxiiro33, Raymond (for
Yosemite). l'i>scio. UakersOeld.
•SaiiU Dsrliara, l.os Aiigules, Dem-
i>ic El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4545p
O:OOa Martinez and .Stockton 4:45
»:OOa Vallejo •••"•• • 6:1 3p
..t.. Niles, San Jose, Liveruiore and
. . Stockton : 7:15p
•I:OOp Sacramento ltiTer Stciniers *lt:«M>i>
• l:OOp Niles, San Jose and i.ivermoro 8:43 a
t l:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations f7: lsp
4:OUr Martiuez, San lUmon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
S;iutsi ••• 9ilsa
Bcnicia, Vacaville, Woodland.
Kcishts Landing, Maryaville, On,-
villo and Hacrauioutu 11:13 a
4i3Oi> Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresco, goin;; via Niles,
rcturnlas via Martinez... 11:43 a ■
B:0OpLos Alecks Express, Tracy,
Fresno. Mojavo (tor Randsburg),
Saata Barbara and l.os Auyelt-.s. 7:4.1 a .
5: OOP S^nta Fo Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 7:45 a
6:OOi- Knropeau Mail, Ok<l«mi and Kast — »«43a
6:00 p Tlayn-uniH, Nileaund San Joae 7:45
J7:»«i- Va!lcjo 17:43p
7:« Op Oregon i:xi>r»fSH,Hacranieuto, Jlarya-
villo, lCodilloK, Portland, I'tigut
.Sound and l.nst I1:13.\
SANTA <:itl!/ IMVI>M»N (Narrow <<au«Ci.
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santi Cruz
and Principal Waj;Ktationn JS:O5j
8:43 A teivi ll. '.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OiSO»
• 8:1 5 p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Alniadcn, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'riucii>al Way
>Station 3 *11:2Oa
_ 4:15p Norrark, San -loi'i and l.os (iatos . . . !):.lO\
IQANt IU VISION cUiiril X I (utiim.-ipl Ms.)
7:OOa Han Jose and Way Htatious (New
-."• ' • Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30*
9:OOa sai. .lose, Tre» l'iuos, SuuU Cruz,
Pacific Grovo, Paso Rnblea, Sau
Luis Olilspo. Guadalupe, Surf ami J
Prfudpul Way Slutii.us li. 4:15 - /
IO:4Oa San Jose mid Way .Stations.-. 6:KOi« '
. Il:»t>A Palo Alto and Way Station* 5:0 Or :»
• *2:3upSan Mateo," Mcnlo Park, .San Jose,
33V> :~-Gilroy, -Tres Pinos, bauta Cruz,
Salinos.MontereyuudPaciDcUrove *IO:4Oa -
■:t::t»p San Josouud Way Stations 9:43 a
•4::ioi> .San Jose aud Way Stations . *S:o3a
.■>::.(( 1' San Jose and Principal Way .Stations *»:45a
o:3Oi' Sau Jose and Way Stations.. C::i.'>t
tilt4.li' San Jusu and Way Stations f7-.43p
- ' »A.N A.M) UAVW\KI)> LOCAL.
t»6:OOA V: ( 7713 a
BjOOa ; . 13 a
ll'SStl Melrow, Seminary PatV, | \l\\**
a *£&\ Fitchbarg, Kan Leandro \\ ; jgj
i3:oop • an j .. J£& .
4:00p *• """ < ''-J- ';-, ' t3:43p
Sp Haynards.'  |j»»P
7:00p 8:43 p
0:00p < Runs through to Nilei.' io-s»p'
ttllilSp; tFromNUes. , [ tiiaioo,.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiS FR&IiCISCO — Foot of L'irlcet Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. v. Jl:00 *2:00 13:C0
•4:00 t3:CO ■ •6:00 p.m. ■
From OIKLAKD— Fcot of BroadTtraj — . *6:00 8-00
10:00 a.m. «2:00 »l:00 t2:00 ■ »3:CO t4:CO
•iJ^Ol'.M.
. » A for Morning. P for Aiternoon.
• Sunday. -xaeptod. ) Saturdays onlj.
„ ; „ t Surdays only.
- _ tt Moaaay. lu^.*«da» and Saturday oal».
SMFR.4MSCO&KOSTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibaron ferry— Foot of Market SU
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK CAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. It.: M:S\
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Kitra trl ?
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Krira trip* at lit
and 11:30 P. M.
•CKDAVS-siOO, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30. 3:34
fc:(A), 6:1*0?. M.
San Rafael to San Franolncn.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:'-'O, 11:10 a. •«.» |
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. M. Saturday*— lixtratriM i
at 1 :65 P. m. and 6:35 p. m. I
BTJNDAYS— et:IO, 9UU, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:l* /
6:00, 6:25 P. M. /
Between San Francisco and Scaueczen Park sara*
schedule as above.
l#aTO T _ -«•—-. Arrive
Pan Francisco. Oct? 14? Fan Francl »<»-
WKKK i BDN- itoalf^ion. Bex - Will"
Days. I pays. "*»"n»tloa. payh. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 AMI Novato, 10:40 am- 8:40
3:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 «k
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 puj 6:22 p>t
> Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:26 am
Healdsburg,
i.ytton,
Geyservllle, v
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 nt 6:23 F*
j l-ieca, "
IHonlnnd &
7:30 am [ 8:00 AM Vkian. 7:35 pm 6:21 p«
7 :?0 am 10:25 a«
1 8:00 AM Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm j 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AM
and
6:10 PM 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:80 am ' 8:00 am| y tam . nrin , 1 10:40 am ' 10:3 i am
B:BOPMiS:OOPM| «*»»Mtopol. I 6:lopm| 8: -_» a
Btac>>s connect at Santa Rosa for Mart West
,Bprtnes; at Geyserrille for Slcagcs UprinKs: as
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyviile, Soda Bay and i.akeport; at
HopUud for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ckluh for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blaj
LAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buc*«
cell's, sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevllia,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclao City,
Fort Braes, Westport, Usal, wuints. Canto, Co.
veto. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atredno»4
rates.
On Sundays ronnd-trip tickets tA all points bt»
yond San Rafael at half rai«»
Ticket Offices. 680 Market at, Chron!el# bnn«lc>
A. W. FOSTER,, B. X. BY Alt,
Vrti. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa Ageai.
Santa Fe
Limited. jj||ig§i\
On MONDAYS «nd
THURSDAYS the tint- 4K**&SS3SWS«3L '.
class Pullman nice ptng-car jfe<i3wßfesjS"M \
leavlnc at sr. m. connects BKhJ^^KH .
at rlarstow with the H>nl * flwCxaßHi "
re limited train csrr;.-tDg X&mBL.'ZJBtmSSKr <
dining-car, bufttft smokins- 4jlßpjn|K
car and Pullman paiac« JgpKA *.. ■.V
drawlnsr-room 6l«>eplnjr-c«rs I*m7B|l IT~I^ I
for bolh I'hlciigo and St. — <■"■-*'
Louis Tla Kansas City. : -'_: r ; '
.I., llayM to Chicago or St. Louis. '
414 Dars to X«w York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6p-m. Pullman palace drawing-
room also "modern upholstered tourist slerpin<-
can thr-uih 10 Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
car» for Denver and St. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City. Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave everr
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 .Market *'r«rt, ♦ hron-
<cle building. Telephone Main 1531.
ftORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing sept. 13, 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Kan Rafael— *7 :2s, •9:15.
11:00 a. M.: »1:45, 3:4», »S:l5. •5:4&,6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafaal on Mondays, VVednufr
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. M.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, "10:00
• 11:30 a. M.: •1:80, 3:00, *4:30. 6:15*. M.
Trains marked ■ run to Han Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. m.
Weekdays, 8 K)0 a. M. Sundays, .1:45 p. m. Satur-
days.
i- or Cazadero and way stations— 7 :2s A. M. KMk.
Jays; 1:45 r. m. Saturdays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with >*ortU Pacitto
Coast Kailroad. ■ -
WEEK I)AYS-Lc»ve S. F. 9:l>i a. m. 1:4% p w
Returninß-Arrive S. K. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p m'
BUNDAYS-Leav>S.l-\BA M 11:30 a. m. I:3J p £
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:15p.m.4:20pm. 7:35 p m
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or r "-
-« ,T. ,V" - COOK & *i>XS. 621 Market St., S. F.
Mlil Valley and Mount Tamalpals Sceaio KaKwaj. \
the m FRIIVCISCO an sau jqaquut
VALLEI RAILWAY CO3IPA\T.
F^. M ru J n A d^ KY 31 ' 1897 ' PMaengBr «-•
"!«» f^fe.........^-^
i^t^r:::^S::::::-»--?!^S
_ For intermediate stations see tim»-t. hi*.
Connecun, staamboaia of the a 8 R At O*
»^v« BaniVanclaco and S»oekton»t «r.l daStA HONEYMOON
ON WILD HORSES
Miss Maud Lockwood Qui
etly Weds and Goes
on a Tour.
The Young Bride and Groom
Cause a Sensation in Many
Cities of the South.
Conventional Riiine Fab ts Find No
FuVor With the Fa:r and Fear
less Equestrienne.
Oakland Officf Fax Francisco Call,)
9 - Broadway, April 13. j
A young bride and groom arrived in
Oakland to-night after a bridal tour that
was modeled aiter the pattern set by
Lochinvar.
Miss Maud Lockwood, now Mrs. Pres
ton, has long been known as the most
MRS. PRESTON (Formerly MAUD LOCKWOOD), the Oakland
Equestrienne, Who Has Just Returned With Her Husband
From a Honeymoon on Fiery Steeds.
fearless equestrienne on the coast. A j
"well-trained hor-e v;as a nuuance to her, \
a frisky animal was fun, but a kicking |
bronco afforded her absolute pleasure.
For more than three years the fame of
Miss Maud Lockwooi has been Known !
all over the State, and especially in this
city, where her parents reside. On the
occasion of the great MnKinley parade
last November Miss Maud, riding a
milk-white horse, Jed one of the divisions,
and was admired by everybody for her
graceful riding and the perfect control she
exercised over the lively animal.
About ten duys ago her friends were
greatly surprised to lrarn tnat she bad
been quietly and quickly married to a Mr.
Preston, who resides at Twenty-third
avenue. No notices of the wedding were
6ent out, and it could hardly be called an !
elopemen t, because toward the last her)
io'.R'-. were taken into her conlidence. But j
the information of the approaching wei- j
dins was not made public.
After her weddine a honeymoon was '
decided upon In keeping with the young j
iaiy's taste?. She anft her husbana pro
cared two liery steeds and star:ed on a j
tour of the -onthern part of the State. '
Their proirres has been carefully watched j
by their friends, and in every town where
they have been they have created consid
erable intere.-t. an i the interior newspa
pers have published every move they have
matlp. Their tour took in San Jose, Santa
Crcz, Watsonville, Salinas and Woodiand
and many other citiesen route, an I finally
tn*y landed at her home t i. is afternoon.
In speaking ot her tuur Miss Lockwood
eaid: "We have bad « glorious time. It
may not have been a conventional way of
enjoying a honeymoon, but it suited me
. vo perfection, and I am sure my husband
' enjoyed it sh much as i dd. "it was an
i<ieal way of spending a few days and to
my mind was infinitely superior to being
cooped up in railroad cars or steamboat
cabin*.
"I can always enjoy myself as lone as I
have a good horse, ana the wilder the
better."
When asked about the riding habit that
phe found moat desirable Mrs. Preston
Jaugfced heariily. "A riding habit is a
nuisance." she said. "There is nothing
bo plea-ant for hor^e ridine, in my estima
tion, as a dividei skirt bo that a lady can
t-it astride on the saddle. This is the way
I always ride except wnen 1 am merely
amusing myself."
BARRED FROM COURT.
Bulda Johnaon's Presence Not Wanted
at the Trial of Jack
Howard.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 13.— The entire
day was occupied in Judge Ogden's court
in securing a jury for the trial of Jack
Howard, charged with felony in being an
accomplice to the murder of Anna John
son. The courtroom was well tilled,
many ladies being present.
As soon as the case was called the attor
neys held a consultation, which resulted
in Hulda Johnson being ordered to retire
from the room in the custody of a Deputy
Sheriff. This was due to a threat that
Hulda made to shoot Lizzie Reefs i! she
appeared to testify against Howard. The
girl carried a grip swunj over h? r shoul
der by a strap and the counsel feared that
the might make good her threat. Nothing
in the nature 01 a weapon was found on
her when searched.
Lizzie Keefe was locked up on a charge
of drunkenness in the City Jail the night
Howard and Hulda were arrested and
i f^rved her time. It was at this time that
\ tue claims to have heard Hulda say she
would "jjive the whole thing away."
Howard is said to have pleaded with her
not to jeopardize his neck, and she finally
consented to say nothing. Lizzie Keefe
was sut.penaed as a witness and then
Hulda made her threat.
Marriage a Fail are.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 13. — Mrs.
Violet Gass has hied a suit for divorce
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
from her husband, Louis A. G.iss, a South
ern Pacific brakeman. Tnetwo have lived
hanpily together for some years. Of late
differences have sprung up, and at la«t.
according to Mrs. Gass' complaint, her
husband failed to supply her with the
necessaries of life. Hence the suit.
MALOON AT WORK.
11. Notifies Bottling Companies That
!. They Mint Fay License* for
Kctttiling.
OAKLAND, Cal,, April 13— License In
spector Henry Maloon has issued the fol
lowing notice to the beer-bottling men of
this city:
You arc hereby notified to file with the City
Clerk yon r bond and application as per ordi
nance (1093), wfiich requires every person,
firm or corporation engaged In the sale of mal;
or iernit- nt'.-d liquors wlibin the limits of ihe
city of Oakland to procure a license. Over
two years ngo I caused the arrest ot persons
engaged In the bottling unit brewing busn.es>
in this city; an ngreement was entered into
between the attorney for the defense and my
self, whereby a test case wa« to be made, and if
the case was decided In favor of the License
Department they would comply with the ordi
nance and immediately procure a license.
A conviction was secured in the Police
Court, an ajpeal was made to the Supreme
Court and the decision of the lower court sus
tained. An appeal was made to the supreme
Court and refused a Hearing. Since that time
no license has been paid by you or any other
firm engaged In your line of business. As
license inspector of this city I must enforce
the license ordinance, but should also protect
the person who complies with the law. My
duty as a pubiic officer is to enforce the irw
not only in the interests of the public, DUt
also as an act of justice to those persons who
are also engaged in the sale of malt and fer
mented liquors p.nd who furnish a bond and
pay $100 for the privilege.
He claims that had the promise made
him just before his removal, two years
ago, t een kept the city would have leal
ized $7200 for tuose yeare. When he was
removed nothing along that line was
done and the matter is vow taken up just
where he left the work when Inspector
Mitchell was apbointeJ.
Woddyard Closed.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 13.— The Asso
ciated Charities' woodyard has been
closed, owing to the lack of public patron
ape. The board of. directors are enthusi
astic over the Pingree plan of farming un
improved lots and will have a committee
of five citizens from each ward selected to
carry out the plan.
Booth Damage Case.
OAKLAND. Ca;.., April 13.— The motor
man, John McLean, was the principal
witness to-day in the damage suit of
Frank Booth against the Grove-street
Electric-car Company for $50,000. The
other witnesses examined were Dr. W. I).
Huntington and Mary E. B. Norton.
WILL PROTECT DURRANT
Prison Director Fitzgerald Is
Angry at ttje Sereaade
of Last Sunday.
Beset With App xitions Froa People
Who Are Anx ous to See the Mur-
(hrer on the Scaffdd.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,}
908 hroadway, April 13. )
State Prison Director Fitzgerald l*
very angry at the statement that the band
at San Quentin played the dead march
outside Durrant's ceil last Sunday. He
will at once institute an inquiry to find
out if the story is true, and if («uch proves
to be the case somebody is going to be se
vereiy reprimanded.
"I propose to bring the matter before
the State Prison Board at our meeting
next Tuesday," said Director Fitzgerald.
"I intend to get at the /acts in tne case
and will act accordingly. If the incident
be as stated, it certainly is most reprehen
sible and I propose to declare myself very
forcibly.
"1 scarcely think, though, that It was
willfully and maliciously done. In the
rirst place it is possible that the band is
practicing that piece, and would have
done so anyhow whether Durrant was
there or not. Then, again, supposing that
tbe band played it purposely, t is likely
that the officials did not recogniza it. Or
if they did, that they did not think of it in
connection with Durrant. lam inclined
to think and hope that this is the status of
the case, so I will say no mof about it
until I have had an opportunity to In
vestigate.
"I will state, though, that 1 <!o not pro
pose to allow any h> unding of Durrant
now that he is in the Btate Prison. All
that sort of thing stops at the jjate and
he will be treated as fairly and squarely
as any other convict. I am opposed to
permitting distinctions of any sort being
made regarding him. The exceeding in
terest in his case is shown by the number
of applications 1 am receiving for permits
to attend his execution. I am referring
them all to Warde n Hale, who is the
properly qualified officer to act in the
matter. I shall not witness tbe execu
tion, as I hare no desire whatever to at
tend that unhappy event."
TO CUItK A COLO IN ONE IJAir
Tate l«xa,tiveßromoQulnfneTablets. Alldru*
gilts iuuuu the money v v lails io cure. *£>o
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
ASKED TO STOP
CROAKING FROGS
Peculiar Complaint Made
by the Residents of
East Oakland.
A Lake in a Vacant Lot is the
Habitat of Thousands
of Pests.
Criminal Proceedings Against the
Owners for Maintaining a Nui
sance May B> Tak n
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 13. !
A novel request hai been n_ade to the
Street Department by residents of East
Oakland, and, although it appears some
what humorous, it is a very serious mat
ter to about a dozen families who are sub
jected to the annoyance.
(Superintendent Miller has been asked to
do something to stOD the niehtly croak
ings of tens of thousands of frogs that
make their abode in a largo pond on one
side of a vacant lot, and he Is now study
ing how to oblige the complainants.
The lot in question is between East
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets
and Eleventh and Thirteenth avenues.
It has been a standing annoyance for
years, but recently the number of frogt
has increased out of all rational rato, and
the inhabitants declare they must have
immediate relief or run .he risk of having
to go to a lunatic asylum.
In former years thu Fire Department
has been able to abate the nuisance during
n:e dry season by sending an engine :o
the pond and spending several days in
pumping it out. This metnod, however,
is only temporary, for the land ii such that
the drainaee for four blocks centers in the
pond. After dusk the croaking of the frogs
can be heard for three blocks and it is al
most impossible to secure any sleep, es
pecially on these warm nights when it is
necessary to keep all the windows open.
The Board of Public Works is somewhat
at a loss to deal with the matter. It has
been suggested that they poison the frogs,
but it is not likely that they could poison
them sufficiently to prevent a repetition
of the nuisance the first time a good shower
should again swell the pond.
Another proposition that has been ad
vanced is to have the pond declared a
nuisance and to take criminal proceed
ings against the owner under tbe same act
as the Tompkins Schooi marsh owner is
now being prosecuted. These two cases,
however, are very different, for the jenool
marsh nuisance consists of dead animals
a-nd all kinds of refuse and stagnant
water, which can be remedied when the
owner desires.
In tbe case of the East Oakland nui
sance the conditions are different, for the
nuisance consists ol the noise made by
thousands of animals which the owner
cannot control. Immediate relief will
probably be afforded by sending out an
engine to empty the lake, and the report
of tbe Stroet Department regarding per
manent relief will be watched with great
interest.
ECHOES OF THE ELECTION
Defeated Candidates in Berkeley
Tell How They Were
Beaten
The Time- Worn Custom of Wh elbar
row Rides Has an Inning— Money
Handled Fr?e y.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 13.— The suc
cessful candidates in the election received
the congratulations of their friends to
day, while the defeated men made ex
planations of how the disaster to the new
born Republican movement was brought
about.
George Schmidt's supporters ascribe
his defeat to the character of the fieht
made for him by many of his supporters,
and to the suit that was brought in Oak
land to exclude his opponents' tickets
from the ballot. It is thought that the
personalities indulged in against Lloyd
and the suit mentioned cost the Repub
lican candidate many votes.
The leaders of the two non-partisan or
ganizations which fused against party
politics are jubilant at the result, and de
clare that it means a final deatli to all
efforts to establish a National party in
local affairs. By calculations upon the
vote ihey reach the conclusion that the
•trength ot the Republican movement is
aoout 300 votes. As there are nearly 2000
voters o: that party in a National election
in Berkeley the non-partisans claim that
the vote of yesterday is conclusive that
they will not have Notional political lines
drawn in municipal affairs.
The verdict of the voters is a decisive
one in support of thp present town admin
istration. The officers now incumbent
were roundly attacked by the Repub
licans and their actions were indorsed by
the non-panisnn parties, of which most of
them are members.
Quite a number of election bets were
paid to-day, many having been made, es
pecially on George Schmidt, who was re
garded as a sure winner. There was a
wheelbarrow bet at West Berkeley, and a
large number of bets were made at henvy
odds that the Republican wouM be the
next Marsha!. Bets of $20 to $5 were
made that he would carry Ward 3,
even when the count was welfttar'.ea and
Lioyd was found to be ahead.
TUBERCULIN TEST.
Iterkeley Cowl Must Be Submitted to
the Test and Milkmen Moit
Have Certificates.
BERKELEY. Cal., April 13.— The or
dinance providing for the tuberculin
test was finally passed last ni<ht by
the Board of Trustees, and is now in ef
fect. It requires all who sell milk in
Berkeley to have a certificate showing
that the cows furnishing the milk have
been tested with Dr. Koch's discovery and
found to be free from disease. Dr. Hubert
M. Powell, the Health Officer, will. pro
ceed at once to put the ordinance into ef
fect. According to the law as adopted,
t c town will p«y the expenses of putting
the test inio operation, which will amount
to $1 for each animal. Diseased cows will
be condemned and killed and the owner
must stand tne lots. The National Gov
ernment will furnish the chemicals for the
test without charge. A conservative esti
mate places th* number of cow-* to be
tested at 800. From indications , it is ex
pected hat at least 10 per cent of them
will be found to be affected with con
sumption. '
••Blue and Gold" Day.
BERKELEY. Cal., April 13.-A new
annual event is to be established at the
State University. It wiil be known as
"Blue and Gold" day. The editors and
managers of '!)8 \« annual decided this after
noon to br:nj_' their book out on Thursday,
April 22, ra'her than on the day of the
intercollegiate athletic m«*et. It has been
the custom hitherto to issue the annual
on the day of some university event, such
as a field day, n baseball game or a mi.itnry
review. The book has come to b^ of so
much importance, and is looked forward
to with such fervent anticipation, that the
c.a~s has decided thut it is worihy a day
of its own.
BERKELEY PIELD DAY.
last Tryout of Unl vcraity Athlete* Be
fore tli« Intercollegiate Contest.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 13.— The uni
versity athletes will hold a try-out field
day to-morrort afternoon at 3:30 in
preparation for the spring games with
Stanford. Only 11 days remain between
now and the intercollegiate contest, and
consequently the records to be made to
morrow will be awaited with interest, as
they will constitute ground for a some
what reliable forecast of the annual meet.
The majority of the athletes are now in
the pink of condition aud the remaining
ten days will be i pent In resting and in
putting on the finishing touches. The
loss of Edgren in the hammer-throw and
the shot-put is being keenly felt by the
Berkeley team. For the last few days
Dorn has been coming over from the
Affiliated Colleges and will attempt to get
into Buch form as to take at least a second
place in the event. The entries for to-
WILLIAM GREBE, a Maniac, Tried to Commit Suicide Yesterday
in Judge Ogden's Courtroom by Swallowing His Wife's
Hatpin.
morrow, which show substantially what
men will go against Stanford, are as fol
lows:
100-yard dash— Drum, Simons, Barnes.
220-yard dash— Drum, Broughton, Barnes.
440-yard run— Humphreys and Drennen.
830-yard run— Carrol, Trefe'.lieu and Park
hurst.
Mile walk— Griffin, Westcrfleld, Aitken,
Ptife.
Mi run— Brown, Squires, Jackson, Carroll.
120-yard hurdles— Bukewell, Cheek, Dnwson
and Tolnnd.
220-yard hurdles— Dawson, Miller, To:and
and llnkcwcll.
Shot put— Lloyd, Cheek, GooJalo and Me-
Dermott.
Hammer throw— Born, Carver and Hooper.
High jump — Hoffman, Miller and Bake
well.
Broad jump — Simonds, Broughton and
Cheek.
Pole vault— Hoffman, Lloyd nnd Mutnma.
Colonel Edward*, Professor Magee and E. P.
Dyer will be timekeepers and scorers.
A RECEIVING HOSPITAL
Alsmeda In Going to Find Oat Why
She Cannot Get
One
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 13.— Some time
ago the project of having a receiving hos
pital in this city, maintained at tho 01
--pense of the county, was mooted, and it was
decided to apply to the Supervisors for such
an institution. The Supervisors referred
the matter to District Attorney Snook for
an opinion an to the law bearing on the
subject, and he has reported that ha can
find no warrant in law for the county
maintaining a receiving hospital in a city.
Hence if Alameda wants a receiving hos
pital she will have to establish it at her
own expense.
But the parties who took up the matter
are not satisfied with tnis decision, and
they ask the pertinent question, If it
is legal for the county to maintain such
an establishment in Alameda. is it not
just as illegal for it to maintain an exactly
similar one in Oakland ? They propose to
prosecute the inquiry, too, and the tax
payers of Alameda are supporting them
in tne movement. They strongly object
to contributing for the support of an insti
tution which does them no good, while
denied an exactly similar one where it
would be of some use to them. The hos
pital matter will not be dropped with this
decision of the District Attorney.
City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 13.— At the
meeting of the City Trustees last evening
the position of sergeant of police was
created with a salary of $90 per month
and Officer Conrad was promoted to the
position.
Bids were ordered advertised for sprink
ling the streets during the coming summer.
The proposed new laundry license ordi
nance went over for another week. As
the laundry men have all obtained
licenses that will not expire for a year
there is no loncer any great inierest in
the proposition to raise the license to a
high figure.
Trustee Lydecker introduced an ordi
nance makine the pay of laborers in the
street department $50 a month instead of
$40 as now. The proposition to close the
garbage dumps nt the east end of town
went over for another week.
Al-in-il:i Amateur Drivera.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. April 13.— a meeting
of the executive committee of the Alameda
Driving Association was held last evening
and the first meet of the season, on Memo
rial . day, was discussed. The committee
is anxious thatall members who can do so
enter their horses, for upon t:e number
and character of the; entries will depend
the programme of events. Entries will
close five days before the date of the meet
which is on a Monday, the races to bepin
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The boule
vard track promises to .be in splendid
condition.
• — ♦ — *
The common red fox is irom 1% to 2
feet long.
TRIED TO EAT
A STEEL PIN
Tragic Attempt of a Maniac
to End His Life in
Court.
Destroyed His Mind by Smoking
a Score of Cigars a Day
for Years.
His Handsome Wife Fainted and WLi't
Struggling a D pu'y Sheriff
Sprains an Ankle
Oakland Office Sax Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 13. )
•William Grebe, a cigarmaker, whose
home is at San Leanciro, is a maniac of
the most violent kind. He imagines he is
about to be murdered and he is therefore
anxious that he should take his own life
before any one else han a chance to do so.
In court this morning he was the cen
tral figure of a most sensational scene.
While apparently quiet he seized his wife
by the head, tried to bite her face but was
prevented, pulled her hat from her head,
tore it to pieces with his teeth and finding
a long steel hairpin, he broke it in several
pieces in his mouth and attompted to
swallow them, for the purpose of commit
ting suicide. It is bolieved that h- did
swallow sonic of the pin, in which case the
effects may be fatal.
Grebe's mania is said to be the result of
smoking from fifteen to twenty cigars a
day. for a long while this habit has be
come stronger, until it has destroyed his
mind.
Yesteraay morning he was in Oakland
attending to business, and some of his
friends noticed his peculiar manner. Last
evening on his return home he went rav
ing mad and was brought to the County
Jail. On being taken into court this morn
ing it was necessary for two Sheriffs tore
strain him, and he strucs.'ed so that one
of the deputies had his ankle sprained. A
short examination showed that the man
was a violent lunatic, and while the com
mitment papers were being signed he
asked his wife for a glass of water. On
coming near enough to him he knocked
the plass from her hand, seized her by me
head and trii;d to bite her. Failing in
this be snatched her hat tina pin.
The deputies tried to make him disgorge
the broKen pin, but believe that he swal
lowed a piece of it.
His wife, who is not more than 25 years
of age, and a very handsome blonde
women, added to the sensational scene by
fainting d»»ad away nnd having to be car
ried out of court. He also chewed up a
cigar and ate it, and swallowed the brass
head of the bat pin.
During this afternoon Grebe was found
to be in a precariouH condition and doctors
were sent for. He lapsed into uncon
sciousness and for a long time was in a
serious condition.
To-night Grebe was improving, and he
will bs taken to Stockton to-morrow.
Aiiciimeut Illegal.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 13.— Judge
Ellsworth to-day decided that the adver
tising for the Eighth-street improvements
was Illegal and the assessment for the
same could not be lecally collected: Thit
means a loss of $8000 to the California
Improvement Company if sustained In
the higher courts.
The grounds for the decision are that
the Council ordered the work advertised
in th- city official paper. That paper
cave the work to another, which diJ not
prim it. The court held that it must be
done by the paper the Council gave it to.
Sir*. Bunnell Re-elected.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 13.— The re
cently elected directors of the Bbell So
ciety field their first meeting this norn
ing. Organization was the oniy work
attempted. Mrs. Bunnell was re-elected
president, Mrs. Mary Lohse, first, and
Mrs. Lnnra Y. Pinney, second vice-presi
dent; Mrs. Grace 1\ Johnson, recording
secretary; Mrs. Caroline M. Burdick,
corresponding secretary; Mrs. Harriett
Owens, treasurer.
Mme. Camilla Urso was a guest at tne
luncaeon to-day.
The Marriage on Record.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 13.— This after
noon the marriage license ot "Baron"
Robert Ludwig vonJTu:khiim and Jennie
bhurtliff Young was filed in the Hall of
Record*. Tne witnesses to the ceremony
were W. W. Price and H. W. Hutton of
San Francisco.
Torreng Land Act.
OAKLAND Cal. April 13.— Ihe Tor
/ The Rosy Freshness
/And a velvety softness of the skin is inra-
Iriably obtained by those who use Pozzoni'b
JOomplexion Powder.
- - ^._^^- j a^^_ -- - ...
CREDITORS' UCTO\ SALE
CHINESE AND JAPANESE ART
GOODS AND CURIOS.
BY ORDER OF CREDITORS
I WILL SELL BY AUCTION
233 KEA.i^lSr-X' STREET,
COMMENCING 10-MORROW
THURSDAY .April 15. 1897
At 9 slid 7: 0 p. m , and continue daily
TH S 520,000 STOCK,
Consisting of the rarest Cloisonne and satsuma
Vases and Curios, Ivory Goods: elegant Cups and
Saucers: Plates: large variety of urientHl Anas;
Kbony Goods; -ilk Gowns and smoking Jackets;
Go!d and Stilt Embro:dered Screens; and. In fact,
goods from all the principal provinces of Japan
and China. . These goods must be «old. This ill
be a rare chance for Eastern p ■•■ c to cure
choice souvenirs Chairs provided or Indies.
P. J. H.\ XT 1 1, Auctioneer.
rcns land net is '.o be tried in this citj".
The EJaon Adams property that w.ll be
piacd upon tho market soon will be
transferred by this system. Much inter
est is being manifested in the new law as
a consequence.
Mrs. Pardee Want* a Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 13.— Mrs. Prt
dee has appied fora jury trial in her at
tempt to break her late husband's will.
HIS LEG WAS " MANGLED
Switchman Len Badly InjareA in a
Peculiar Itallroad Accident.
Tbrough the breaking of a train of forty
three freightcars on the steep grade of
the Southern Pacific road near Thirtieth
and Randall streets, about 10 o'clock last
night, Robert C. Leu, a switchman, suf
fered the loss of his right leg by amputa
tion.
The train was the regular freight, which
leaves Fourth and Townsend streets each
ni^ht at 9:30. It was more than usually
heavy, being loaded largely with live
stoct, and the two engines attached to
the front of it were unabie to haul it up
the eraae. Switch engine No. 1015, in
charge of Engineer McCarthy, was or
dered to couple on to the rear and aid the
train to the top of the grade.
Near th 9 top of the hill Leu jumpei
upon the footboard of the rear enzine pre
paratory to drawing the coupling pin
when the end of tlie rise was reached. He
was just reaching for the pin when the
train broke. This suddenly put on the
air brakes of the rear end of the train and
stopped it, and the engine that was push
ing the cars crashed into the caboose,
injuring that and damaging two other
cars.
Li3U was caught between the footboard
and the caboose and had his right leg so
batllv mangled that it had to be ampu
tated at St. Luke's Hospital, where he
was taken without loss of time. He was
put under chloroform so that his injuries
mignt be the better ascertained, and Dr.
Gardner, chief surgeon of the institution,
decided amputation was at once necessary
and the operation was promptly per
formed.
The switch-engine and the damaged
rars were landed back to the yards at
Fourth and Townsend streets.
Leu has been in the employ of the
Southern Pacific only one month. He
came recently from Pennsylvania, where
he had followed railroading for some
years. He is SO years of age and is mar
ried. There is no doubt of his recovery.
A DISTINGUISHED VISITOR.
Henry Ward Itaecher's Couiln Now in
Tli is City.
Unbeknown to any but intimate friends
a lady famed not only on account of her
family connections but for her brilliant
and original gifts ha? been in this City
since the 10th last. She is Miss A. M.
Beecher, M.D.. lirst cousin of Henry Ward
Beecher and Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe.
Jliss Beecber is now 75 years of ace, and
in the soft gloaming: of life has slipped
away from the rigorous climate of the
East and came unheralded to California
just as the flowers are blossoming and
nature has donned her spring robe of
green. This is the very time, she says,
that she has always wanted to view the
region of romance— California, the land
of the golden fleece.
While in Chicago Miss Beecher was
called upon to deliver thirty-six lecture?
in a few days. There is a possibility that
she may consent while here to lecture for
the benefit of California audiences.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Loon Lewis, Sn Salvador J A Cheape. Charloltavlle
(. 'Thomson, Hamburg Arthur 6«\val!, Maine
Frank 1/ >«*wail, Maine 1 Sftjgewick Aw, JnJ
C X ilcarn. Ind ;ina C Hawei, Guateoiala
Juan GOMtr, C>uaiemals> B M Hnrton. Japan
A J d'Souza, Japan T B Yokakawa, Japan
A F Hr.ioy. Butte George O Kriis-, > V
A 15 Wood, Detroit L iS Wood, R V C ty
Mrs X A Allen, Ohio Mrs C B Knapp, Bedding
Mr« M B t;rownlee, Mont C U'ooley, New Yor*
o li Hardy. Milt Lake WJ \ eUon. Kon'.on
J McCarthy, Los Ang F A West, Stockton
L \V Stockwell. I.oi An; KltCnwlry, San Jose
A Wablstah, 8t Louis C Storck, New "^orlc
Mrs Cross. ey, San Josa -Mrs F smith, ( leveland
F X Taylor 4 w, N V D Cunra. jirooklvn
(i X uoodman A w, Napa George T Hiede." N V
Henry I>avls, N V H R McDonald & w. N 7.
011 Kahcocic, Pl'C Co Mrs EP Buckingham, Cat
X lttsenb* ry, N V City Mrs B Kosenberg, X y
Mrs C B Kuapp, Redding O Harrison, Minneapolis
M ii Brownlie, Mont
LICK HOUSE.
Haro'd Stewart, London ¥ W Scott, X V
Ur M Itelz, B H City Para Paul MorrU, Chinese C
FSanford, Stanford Un P(i Muting. Stanford Un
MO rrltchett, London DrA 51 (.ar(tr;er<£ f Napa
M U Klioilco, sari Jose P A Kus-t. Kureka
Bliss G Ku'S, Eureka J OBuil Jr. Lureka
ss H >elVHge, turelta c It Sargent, Ashland
M J Baldwin, Wood bridge R L. Hader, Kandubure
8 C D»veiOD, m Helena X L l.ezinaicy. Cal
G D Hurst, NY ED Goodrich. N V
Mrs J D i'heips 4tXD J it Culp, San Fillp
Mrs H AGarley.S ItnfaelJ A New, Fresno
U D Lunt, Chicago II D llollls, Kossland
A X wtilttou, Han Jose X a Lour, Bnlsun
M X Clowe. Yoio
KEW TO-DAT.
~~RJ MHIEB
f- I EXTRA
p^^ UIO
ML Bourbon
| > ==i medicinal
«f,€CTt*J whiskey
«b* gstra . €}■ . fora
<&J^l'A quarter-
century.
MBd E. MARTIN
a:^zS 411 Market St.,
BMB^ra^J San Francisco.
aDr.Gibbon's Dispensary,
(12 ii KEABS NT. Established
in I.S5* for the troittuirntof Private
DlaeaW, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlDgon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low;
rnrMcnaranlpi-d. Cnllorwrite.
Or. 4. I-'. «/lßiiQ>. Box laax.san Fnmctacft
; ; L 11. BIRD, AUCTIONEER.
WAREIHiIiaK Jl! LAItKIX ST.
-_,- - WILL SELL XO-MOKUOW,'
Thur5day. ............. ......April 15, 1897,
At 11 O'clock a. M..
TO PAY STORAGE AND ADVANCES,
A Large Assortment of Furniture.
Also o:i» of the finest Restaurant Oniflts in the
city. Dcale.ri take no. Ice. trail r, a rtlcuiaM Tnurs-
day 8 paper*. L. H. BURP, Auctioneer.
R:*TAIRA.\T AUCIIOS
This Day ( WetliioNclay) at 1 1 A. M.
417 Front st., corner Merchant.
FRANK W. BUTTEKFIKLD. Auctioneer.
083 Market .street.
AUCTION SUE,
1 HURSDAY, April 15, 1897. at 11 o'clock, at
the New York stab!.-, 507 Jessie street, -JO head
|iors-s; 15 Buggies, open and top; Single ana
Double Harness: 1 llockawav. Musi be sold with
on i r-Morv* or limit. m r.McBHIDK, > uctlnn#»r
15 A 111 WIN HOTEL
J C Lynch. Los Angeles J Hunt, Sacramento
\V Barnes, Sacramento Mrs Barnes, Oak and
Mrs Jon- Oakland V Hi.ier. lad
J WHliace. Los Aiueles J X liny, s, Los Angeles
A Bettens, B Ht Spa C Ke.ly Jr. Stockton
J New, Chlco J Duncan. Mich
J Duncan As. Truckee T McMnllcn, -acramnto
H Scott. Oakland T « Moss,' Portland
II Jones, Portland r A Mills. Seattle
C Young, Seattle H Berry, Los Angeles
G Morgan, Oakland
NE.W WESTERN HOTEL.
N E Moirhel. Calaveras X T Oilsey, Humboldt
D E Lobey, I.oh Ang Paul Mayford. Chicago
O E Nelson, Boston II J Quigle/. Seattle
Mrs Hurgesß <& d, Cat J J i onaelly. San Jose
J Wyman. Santa Cruz F Krau.e, Cal
J H Barnlee. Los ah? J a Jones, ros An*
xew TO- DAT.'
free to Emm
THE METHOD OF I GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAKMSS OF Ml
WHICH rtTRKD HI AFTER EVERY-
THING KLSU FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man Is slowly waiting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
la no let up to the mental Buffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
whi\t they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sen of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
game to his aid In the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
1 am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy as the one thai
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the Information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to set, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamaioo, Mich
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.
(VgpjCANCERS
S^PB |Jl|§|||b»\ wo ERIFE! OR PADT!
{StJaMMnSL 6 9 pa?e bool: free
JiS*.l "' ' ' vßß^^^ with home testimonials
_f^TTT ! jS I^^PjVl °. many Wonder iv I
gTdo%^^K9^ M§ I Cures. Most common
■ \M -. Wj Jf I V places, woman's breast
'vS&Sr^ and man's face and lip.
' S. R. CHAMLEY, K. D., 719 Market St., S. F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
The Sparkling Specific.
Tarrant's Effervescent Seltzer Aperient
assists nature to restore regular action of the
stomach and bowels. It aids digestion, removes
accumulations, prevents and cures headaches,
makes the breath sweet and the blood pure.
The most delicious of saline draughts.
Sold by Druggists for 50 years.
STRONG JGli*Ste
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
lowers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, ruzged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincv
Building, Chicago. •; .•;•_> ■■-:■•
THE
WEEKLY
GHLL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
cJ News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©( ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
) PACIFIC COAST
2 \ /
*~) The Best \ •'.*'- / Mining
j Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to date
o< _ ~~~~~~
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
*Q it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, I A Champ of
•V ■ Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J - ALL THE TIME.
J IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
J HOME V MAIL, $1.50
<=< INDUSTRIES : A YEAR.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
1112
SUED FOR HIS DINNER.
F. Loaiza Did Not Settle a Restaurant
Bill and the Proprietor Grew
Tired of Waiting.
F. Loaiza, son of the Spanish merchant
and coffee planter of that name, was sned
In the Justice Court yesterday by William
Lange Jr. for $71 50, the price of a dinner
partaken of by the yonnp man and a party
of friends at the Maison Tortoni some
time ago.
& Constantini, the proprietor of the
restaurant, waited some time far a settle
ment for the choice viand? and wine-* con
sumed, but none came. Then be gently
reminded Loaiza that tho bill was await
ing a receipt, and when this had no effect
he placed the matter in the hands of the
piamiiff in thp suit.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco Cai.l^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
61 5 I arkin street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Miss. on streets; »pen
until 9 o'clock.
2818 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth strett; open until 9::>O o'clock.
1505 Po:w street: open nutil 9:30 oclock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open ::!! 9 '.'cluck.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
KS» EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. •
&3? am* A. M Special mcc Ing THIS li
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, April 1 i. at jTIT
7 : 30 o'clock. First degree. '▼>
THttt E. SMITH, Secretary.
r^X' MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. •
BFJP and a. M. Called meeting THIS^V_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 %Jsf
o'clock. Third degree. By order of the W. /V >
M. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
Efc^s= FRANCO - AMERICA
It-^ 7 Ledge No. -07. I. O. O. F.— Offl- #g^!^
cers and members are requested ;o --^Ss^^r
n-eet at their hall, corner Market and " / -" lvs
se\enih, THURSDAY, April 15, at 8 o'clock r.M.
for Initiation of candidates- Members of sister
lodges nr respectfully Invited.
R. Lavionk, Secretary. L. L. REMY, N. G.
(t^S= OFFICERS AND MEMBEKS Ot'j^j^.j
\e& Boadlcea Circle No. 3, U. A. ■ '. D.. nreKH
hereby notified 10 assemble Ht their hall, all
413 sutler street, on WEDNESDAY, April 14. at 1
T m, for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our la. c sister, HANNAH K. Hl'lTO.v.lrom
the church, 643 Howard street, a. 2 P. m.
JKNNIE MARINO, A. D.
JohnGosch. Secretary pro tern.
etr=S» ANNUAL MEKTING — NOTICE IS
W : ~& hereby given that the tenth annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Italian-.- w ss Mutual
Loan Association will be held at the office if the
corporation, .No. 618 Montgomery su, corner of
Commercial, on WEDNESDAY. April 14, 1897,
at 7:.-0 o'. lock p. M., for tho purpose of electing
directors for the ensuing year, presentation of the
tenth annual report and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Books are now open lor subscription to 100Q
■hares of stock of the eleventh series. Loans
mane in San Francisco and <iiaui:da. counties
only. Interest, 6 per cent per annum free of mort-
gage taxes. Premium, 20 pel cent gross, or 60
cents per share installments at pleasure of bor-
rower, uhioh amounts to $12 50 per month for
each $1000 net cash received by the borrower,
this sum paying both principal «nd interest,
loans may be repaid at any time d 'aired. Order
of I lie Board of Direct' A. MBABBuKO, >cc.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
fTS= NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
B^*^ the Maria Kip Orpnanage of 638 Folsom st.
has received the following orphan and half-or-
phan girl-, from December 31, 896, to April 1,
1897: Carrie Elizabeth Nickersoa. 8 years 1
month; Ceciie HiUobe Williamson, 9 years; Char-
lotte M»nunya, 8 years 8 months: Plioebe Mon-
tanya. 5 years 11 months: Milfred Nelson, 12
.rears 9 months: Helen ■ Beatrice Keglan, 1 year:
Elsie May Knudsun, 8 year* 10 months: Mabel
nanneviK. 10 years 4 months; Lillian Dannevig, 6
rears 1 month; Edith Howard, lOyears 3 months;
Nellie Simon*. 11 years 2 mouths: Harriet Flor-
ence Odium, 6 years; Madora Sharp, 1 year 8
months.
r^p> BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
16^^ collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montrv St., room 6: to 1 . 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
rr-g=» DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
or~& 42 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
llutchi.sou Susrar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327 Market
street, on a. id after Tuesday, April 20, 1897.
Transfer books will close Wednesday, April 14,
1897, at 3 o'clock p. it.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. '
JTT^ DIVIDEND NOTICE— NEVADA
B-jy Bank of San Francisco— The Board of Direc-
tors of this baiiK have declared a dividend (No. 20)
lor the quarter en-ting March 31. at i he rate of
six (6) ler cut per annum payable on and after
April 15. Transfer books will be cosed fioiu the
10th to the Isth mat., both cays in lusivo
D. H. DAVIDSON, Secretary,
?-an Francisco. April 9. 1897.
SITUATIONS "WANTED-FEMAI.E.
SUPEBIOB SWEDISH COOK AND LAUN-
O dress desires situation: best of reference; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter si.
SCANDINAVIAN nOUSEGIRL: GOoD COOK
and laundress; 3 yarn :ait place: $20; city or
country. MRS. NORTON, 315 Batter at.
FIRST - CLASS SCANDINAVIAN COOK,
T with best of references, wishes situation in an
Amer.can family; $25 to $20. Apply to J. F
CROSETT <fc CO.. 316 Sutler st.
GOOD FRENCH AND AMERICAN COOKS
and second girls, nurs-s and girls for general
housework, of all nctioiialitles, desire positions at
MRS. DADAMI' -, : 13 Gutter St.; tel. red 2713.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J In private American family; no objection to
hhori distance in country. Address C W., box
139, Coll Office.
SITUATION WANTED- LIGHT HOUBE-
-0 work, by l eat, competent, middle-aged woman;
cltr or country; low wages. Call 17tt Minna st.,
off Third.
yoi'.VK PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS A
A situation at general bousenork In nlc famllv;
is a good plain cook: wants steady place. 521
Minna st.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL LIKE TO DO
V general housework 111 private family ;gjou cook;
no postals. Call 967 Mission.
SITUATION WANTED BY FRENCH Glut;
O general housework: city or country; references.
Address S. W., i.ox 37. Call Office. ■
GIRL, 15 YEARS WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do light housework an. l assist with children-
prefers to sleep at home. 1053 Howard st.
\\- ANTKD IN ALAM3-;D A— A SITUATION BY
" a koo<l girl for housework and cooking. Call
at 1614 Schiller s'.. A tmeda.
GOOD COOK (SWEDISH) WISiiE- SITUA-
tIon; or wilt do general housework for small
family: city or country. Address M. X., box 71. Call.
GERMAN Gil. L WISHES SITUATION, GEN-
VJ eral housework: is a ood cook and lau:i«lress
Please call 2 days, ll;3y a Bryant st.. near Ninth.
ERMAN WOMAN, GOOD CO.iK. CAN DO
all kinds of housework, wants work by the
day, week or mouth. 3103 . lay st.
YOUNG LADY WISH, S A POSITION AS
J. working housekeeper. 1002 Powe.l st.
I)ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
-It as housekeeper. Address M. A., box 47, all.
/COMPETENT SCOTCH GIl:L WANT.s PoSI-
\J tlon. cooking or housework, In American fam-
ily. C. bux 12b, Call oIU c. - •
WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION: UNDER-
»» stands cooking and housework; eood worker-
wages $10. 924 Washington su worker,
VV r ANTED — WASHING. IRONING OP
»» houiecleanlng by the day. best references.
MKS. M. E. JENSEN, 8 Minna sU '«"*nces.
COM P. TENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
housework and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis »l. *
V EAT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A PLACE
15 to do housework; wages $12. Address a.
2526 Mission st. '
WEDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE WASH-
Ing or houaecleautug by the day. 2308 Twenty-
third st. .
1 ' KRMAN GIRL WANTS A PLaCK FOR
11 rooking and downstairs work, c 11 at 40
Eleventh si., cor. Mission.
' RKING housekeeper wants posi-
" tlon; gooa cook, washer and ironer; city or
country. 317 Giovest, near Van Ness aye. "
QWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
O cooking and geneial housework; wages $25
-Apply 1716 Lincoln st., West ..Jutland.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X as housekeeper. 223 Post St., room 17,
third floor.
■\%r ANTED— A POSITION TO WORK BY THE
" day. Call 48 Seventh su, loom 20.^-.;
/•I r LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Ulw CALL, bnbscnptions and want ads taken.
■youNG LADY' wishes position ah
-L housekeeper, or will do plain sowing. • Call 821
Mission St., room 5.
"\roUNG LADY PROFESSIONAL NURSE.
1 who understands massage treatment, desires a
position. Call 1346 Market, room 2.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnnort.
yOUSQ WOMAN WISHES : POSITION AS
J. housekeeper or hotel work. 28 Ellis st,,
room 8, second floor.
yOUXG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
i. housekeeper. Apply 1 1*0 a Eddy st., room 7.
FIKST-1 LASS COOK; COULD TAKE COM-
plete charge of boardiriK-honse on salary or
share iv business: city or country. Address S. M.,
box 77. '-'all I'tHre.
RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION;
XV is a good cook; will do plain washing; will be
kind to children and work for moderate » ages ;
references If required. 27^ Four.h si., over the
florist's.
AJORTH GERMAN LADY (TEACHER)
i.\ wants situation In a private family to teach
German and English branches, French and piano.
Ad lies* MISS H. WEI.^SERMEI , 1221 O'Far-
rell St., Y. W. C. A.
AN TED-SI 1 UATION BY AN EASTKRN
' 1 widow, with a child 6 years old, as house-
keeper or general housework: good plain cook:
country preferred: good reference given. Address
S. E., box 75, call oflice.
/i ERMAN GIHL WOULD LIKE SITUATION
VJT In American family to do upstairs work or
take care of children. 17 Polk aU, beu Hayes
aud Fell. .
\f IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
I'I tlon: light work and no objections to wanes-
Call 107 Wil, lam st.
Position Wanted by superior in-
J. f ants' nurse or wouid do chamber- work and
care lor growu children; first-class city reference.
Address M. k., box 60, this office.
T'LI'KKi.Y AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES
XJ situation to do housework; is good cook; would
talc* care of invalid: city or country. Address
-•■''• Vi seventh St., near >olsom.
yOUNU GIRL, 15 YEARS OLD, WOULD
J- -take a situation In nice Amerkan family to
«KSist in huuseworic or help lake care of baby.
Please ca.i at "~\ Verona at., beu Folsom uud
Harrison, near Third.
pESPECTABLK WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
XV lion as housekeeper; no objection to children.
Call 255 a Third st., from 10 to 2 o'clock.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
German woman to do cooking and housework;
is good cook: willing ana obliging; country pre-
ferred. Please call 621 California st.
V EAT GERMAN GIRL WHO IS AN EXPER-
Ii ienced cook, wishes situation. Call 21s Waller
St., bet. Buchanan and U ebsier.
|S Y ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
I • in w. dower's family or ior bachelor: b' st ref-
erences; city or country. M. a.., 1553 tilth su,
Oakland.
WIDOW WISHE< POSITION AS HOUSE-
i> keeper, or will do plain tewing. Call 821 Mis-
sion sU, room 6.
SITUATION WANTED BY V UNO GIRL
to take care of children and assist in general
housework. Apply 10t» Linden aye., oil Franklin.
you.NG Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position ns
housekeeper in hotel, widower's or bachelor's I
home: will do plain sewing. 1122 MarKet, rm. 31. |
yOU.VO EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
X wants a permanent position as housekeeper in
lodging-house or widower's home. Room a, 995
Market st.
/•1C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UJ»J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
T\r° LIKE POSITION WITH LaDY AS
" nurse; one ccl-ig to seashore or springs or
travel. Audresi 1640 Sacramento st.
|'ir LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
vlu CALL; bubscripiions an; want ads taken.
Vl' AM ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» 1 lit I a 1.1. are taken ai Branch Office, kOUtU-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s.s.
LADY NEKDs WORK A FEW HOURS EACH
day: wri in;; or correspondence; housework or
care children, or care Invalid. Address American,
box 134, Call Office.
\'OU.NG GERMAN WIDOW vVISHES PLACE
Xas housekeeper in;widower's household. R.I,
106 Fourth.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIA-
A ble disposition desii«s a position as typewriter
or ropyist. liiOVi Geary it., room 2, first fl; or.
yiiU.V- LADY. FORMERLY IN HO >D CIR-
X cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper in hotel, bachelor's or widower's home;
will do plain sen-log. Itin 11, 1.23 Posts:., 2d floor
0.-.1.- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— O—\J want ads taken for THE CALL. ';^g3g
V OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
-1- tion as housekeeper. Call or address House-
keeper, room 42, 775 Mission st. ,
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY, STkaNGER,
-A. sires to secure a housekeeper's place in hotel,
bachelor's it widower's home; city or country.
Rooms 2 and 3, 223 Post st.
EXPERIENCED AND PRACTICAL, YOUNG
XU lady desires a position as typewriter and «te-
nograpner; city or count itoums 3 and 4. 309
Suiter st. .
1) '.. FINED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
I i-rench Mido'.v dc-siies a place as housekeeper
or companion. Room 2. 11:2 Post st.
y'> ING LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
JL housekeeper's place; good diapoalUoo: i refers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
orcoumry. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post st.
'■ •] r LAHKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
yti-O CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
EXPKRIENCI.D HOU-jEKK: PER WOULD
XJ like a position in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. Apply 88 .Ninth su,
room 17; call after 11 a. m.
/ 'OMi'KTENT LADY WIHKS SITUATION
v^ as housekeeper for parlies while gone to the
country. Call »ii.'.t;', a Suiter si.
SW COIL SIXTEENTH ST.. JNEAU MIS
s'.oii : braach office of lvi Calx. bub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
"V\r IN CHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR,
'» Market: 200 rooms 26c to $160 per night:
$1 60 to $t> per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOi'. THK
Cam. taken at brunca oUn.-o. iMit Hayed »v;
open until V :3 ) o'clock.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
pHINESE A JAI'ANKbE; EST'D 20 VEAitS;
help:tel.m:un 1997. BRADLEY A Co. .640 Clay
XT UN 1 ER & ( •<>.. CHINESE AND JAPaNKSE
XX employment cilice, removed 10 614y 3 Califor-
nia St., i.cur Iv> ariij.. i .1. main 'J3l.
TAPAXhM:, CHIN KSK KM PLOYMT OFFICE:
O waiters, tousecleaners. 30 Geary; teL red 113.
AM KKE-CHINESE AND J A I'bNl-.Si-: EM-
O ploynieiu olHce. 611 Bush si., ur. Grant aye.
TAPA-StSK J. 1 . L..101-..NCj; AGENCY. R.
O 90. su Ann's br c , 6 Eddy st.: tel ..a»n 6234.
•\roUXO MAN WISHED SITUATION TO Do
X any kind of work; speaks English and Ger-
man; understands hand. horses thoroughly.
Address ■•I liruce place, beu seventh and Eighth
sis., near Fo.sotu.
OWIBSYOIXU MAN OKS.BKB SITUATION
O either in small fumily or on ranch; Rood milsc-
er; uiidersiaisUs horses. Address M. S., 'I weuty-
tourtn a . and Fo.reroave., care o RE BAOS.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 187 NINTH
bt. — ant ads and subscriptions taken.
POACH (ENGLISH): THOROUGHLY
\J understands us business: also garden and
cows: willing about pince: flrst<:iasi reference*.
Address JOi., 1725 Everett si., AlaiueJa. CaL
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER; YOUNG
\J man wants situation; lliorouglily understands
the cure of honies, cows and garden: good driver;
best reference*.' Address 11. M., box 48, Call.
IUI>LE-A'»ED SCOTCHMAN WANTS POHI-
I on: can cook, care for garden, hone, fie :
handy wiih tools; small wages, teco., box 8, Call
Office, oakland-
\\r A XI ED-POSITION ASCOOK IN PRIVATE
*». family, city or country, by fir»;-c!ais Chinese
cook. Address Wing Sing, 61484 Dupont su
/"•I C LARKIN— UK A. OFFICE ,OF THE
OJ *J CALL. >v inscriptions and want ads taken.
JAPAN WISHES ■ POSITION: PLAIN
O cooking, housework or any kind of work: good
recommendation: wage* $1. G. S-, 700 California.
OITCATION WANTED IS LIVKHY VIABLE
Oor on 1. am Bf>t«:r «<nd lncnsirioiu; age 35;
man of inmily. Apply J. A. li., 212 V» Clara St.
BAHKEEPKR WOULD LIKK SITUATION
X> in the country; ran play piano II required.
Address M. s., box 68. Call ufllce.
f)V7 Mi):.n.ulltttV COKNER OK CLAY-
.*.. iV pcn Unt ' 1 9:3U o'clock: branch office or
toe Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
OITI7ATION WANTED-MARRIED COUPLE,
O cook-and coachman or butler: cltv or countr. •■'
willing, obliging; scotch. AIEKNKTIIY, 3J»
r>Uttt*r Bt,
OIR.-DO YOU WISH A GOOD, HONEST. IN-
-0 telllgent man in your store, office, hotel or pri-
vate residence? If •<> give me an interview: m.d-
dieaiced; good address and single: lady or reutle-
man answer. Address L.. box 126, call Oluce,
"L'XPKRIENCKD MAN WANTS OFUCK TO
75 Cll '« nby 3lonth ; references. Address b , box
/5, Call OlHce.
rj.RNTLKM.AX, 86, UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
KX tion,spf-kings languages well, desires posi-
tion as uiunagt-r, Ins ruitor or companion in . rl-
vate family: salary last question: excellent refer-
ences. Please address S. P. STEKN AU, 814 Lur-
kin st.
a MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF 'Am;
1 . Call; want ads and subscriptions tuicen. ■ .
THIRST-CLASS ••„ C.» KB BAKER: CITY OR
X I country. GiiO. UUiSEB, 8% Moss st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, ISO 7.
«ITrATIO>'S WANTED-ContlnnM.
p ARDENER, PRACTICAL INALL BRANCH-
VJ es. desires a position on private place: can
milk and care for horses; references. Address
H. M.. box 49, Call.
9OQ HAYKS bT— BRANCH OFFICK OF
»jOO Ijik Calx.; nubocripilous and wane ads
taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HOTEL STEWARDESS, $35: WAITRESS,
country hotel, $20: cook and second girl for
.same pace. $ 5 and $20; German girl, house-
work, $25; second girl, $15: girl for country, see
party here, $16; 8 girls for h jus -work, $20 and
• 15: companion for lady, $12. C. R. HANSEN<fc
I 0., 110 Geary at.
\\ ANTKD — GKRMAX COOK. WASH AND
" iron, $30; scotch girl, general housework. 3
In family, $20: neat Protestant girl for general
housework. $25, for Berkeley; cook, for private
bonrJlng-house. $30; Gennun nurse, $20; 2 Ger-
man girls lor same house as cook, $25: second
girl, t'2J; second si,-[, r country, $20: head wait-
ress. $.iU; restaurant waller, $6 a week: laundress
for private family, *25; .girls for cooking and
housework. $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Suiter sU
WANTED — LADY BOOKKEEPER AND
»» typewriter; $40 to $50; references required.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT dc CO., 316 Suttcr St.
OMAN (AND CHILD) AS NURSE FOR
children; call early. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market s:.
p ERMAN SECOND GIRL, $20 TO $25: CALL
OT early. MARTIN & CO., 74» Market St.
TITAITHE-SS. COUNTRY, *25. MARTIN &
" CO.. 749 Market st
WAITRESS. CITY, $20 AND ROOM. MAR-
J »» TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
\y AITRESS, COUNTRY, $20 AND ROOM.
»* MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
HEAD WAITRESS I $25 AND ROOM. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market St.
XTEAT GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY. CALIFORNIA
-Ll si., $20. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st
9 GERMAN AND SWEDISH GIRLS, $20,
— Broadway. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st-
IpRENCH |OR OKRMAN GIRL, HoWAitO
St., $20. MAUTIN &. CO., 749 Market St.
GEkMa-V OR SWEDISH GIRL. HARRISON
XX • :., » 25. MA RTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
pIRL, CASTRo ST., $17; GIRL, EDDY ST.,
VI $18: second girl. Clay st., $16 (German); gin.
Ellis sU, $15: sr'r!. Waller su, JJIS; clrl, Laeuia,
$15; Klrl, Pacific aye., $15; girl for -acra.m-n.o.
$15: girl, Kevisa'ierj, * 5: girl. Marin County,
15; gin, Ashbury st., $15: girl, scott at., $15:
girl. Pine a:., $15; 17 young firs. $«, $10 and $12
per month, assist, etc. Makl'l.n & CO.. 749 Mar-
ket st.
OKCOND GIRL, $25; NURSE, $20; 12 HOUSE-
-0 work girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 8
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS cULLEN,
323 sutler
VEAT, REFINED YOUN<* GIRL; LIGHT
-L\ work; $10. Ml CULLEN, 323. Suttersu
/CHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS, CAI A-
V veras County; $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 but-
ter st.
U'OMAX WITH A CHILD; $5 A MONTH.
*» MIS" CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
\\r AITRESS; COUNTRY: $16: RESTAUR-
»» ant: fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
AITRESS, PALO ALTO, $20: HOUSE-
gIrI, Menlo Park, $20. MRS. NOR'IOX, 3i5
Suiter st.
HOU-iKGIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, $25. NO WASH-
Iat: chambermaid, $25. MRS, NORTON, 315
Suiter st.
yOUSO GIRL, LIGHT WORK, $12; HOUSE-
-1 keeper, $20. MKri NORTON. 315 Sutler St.
"UTANTED-WAITKESS, HOTEL, $20 AND
'* room: 2 French nurses: $25 and $20: cook.
tVHlaurant. $6 week: 2 waitresses, restaurants, »4
and $6 a week; J- reach girl, housework, 2 In fam-
ily, $20; <Jerm«n or Frencli cook. $.-.0. LEON
ANDRE, £08 --tockton su
WANTED- FIRST-CLASS COOK FOR PRI-
" vat ■ boanllng-hous«>, $25: 2 girls for general
housework, 520: 2 girls for general housework,
$15 aim $10. MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park St.,
A lamed a.
X\r ANTED-NEAT GIRL, LIGHT HOUSE-
'» wors, count ri> town. $16, see p«r:y here 1 his
morning. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 038 Clay sU
yOU.VG GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
1 chid. $15. German Employment Office, 306
Mason si.
GERMAN NURSE: 2 CHILDREN; $20:
VJT American family. German Employment
Office, 306 Mason su
9 GERMAN COOKS; $ 0 AND $25. GERMAN
-J Employment Office. 306 Mason su • s
ook, family OF two, $30: nurse for
1 one ch.iil, $.0; 8 girls, housework. MRS.
UIKD, 721 Eliis.
"117" ANTED— INTELLIGENT YOUNG GIRL
» » lor light lousework: 2ln family: good home:
wages s>. Ap-.ly. n-.ornlngs. 5913 Ca;lforuiasu,
near Twenty aye.
PUPILS — SPECIAL RATES; HAIRDRESS-
-l in-,' 25c "Up-to-liate" Halrdresalng and Mani-
curing Parlors, 10.6 Market, over ''The Wonder."
"U7 ANTED— KXPKKIESC'KI) IItuNER-i ON
'» ladl'3'anl children's wear at United Stales
Lauudry, sixteenth st-, near Valencia.
A T ONCE, A YOUNG WOMAN TO DO COOK-
■£'*• ins and light housework In small family; I $10
per month. Address P.., box 71. Call Office.
A WOMAN OF INTELLIGENCE, TO FILL A
responsible position; Eastern. S., box 48,
Call Office.
APPRENTICE, WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
J\- on custom coals; paid while learning. 208 V-
Sevenths-. .
"l ANTED — EXPERIENCED NURSEGIRL:
" care of infant. Apply, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.,
1434 Post si.: references required.
\\T ANTED — GIRL FOR SECOND WORK:
•■ goo I waitress: apply with reierence. Address
S. S , .box 68. Call Office.
\\r ANTED — A DRESSMAKER TO WORK
" by the day; eo'xi cutter and filter; no other
need apply. 222 Pacific m., near Battery.
EX HE R I K N I D SEWERS ON LADIES' AND
children's white work; by the week. 840
Market st.
OVERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
T wor*. 1855 Mission st.
yOt-'KO GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD.
X Call at bakery 988 Fol-.om st. ;'. : -
VTEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; SLKEP
X> home. 1607 La/una St.
\\r ANTED— A 'FIRST-CLASS COA 1 MAKER.
•1 ; 9 Verba Buena su
IKLi TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK. 268
Clinton lark.
WANTED— IO GIRLS AT ONCE FOR AS-
'« sorting inns. Davis St.
EXPERT! CU'COLATE CREAM-DIPPER
wanted. L. A. UilADi., 538 Washington at.
pERMAN GIRL FOR OKNKRAL HOUSK-
\J wuik and cookl ik: nta all family. £05 Scott.
"yOU.\G Glßl^ T~> ASSIST IS LIGHT
X homc.iork 2:06 Bush sU
r ANTKD— A GOOD FINISHER IN CUS-
»' coats. 14 McAllister at., room 19.
TyANTED— GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1643
11 Howard si.; wages $2 J.
01'ERATOit. FINISHERS, APPRENTICES
on custom-made vests. Apply 606 Jessie st,
\\r ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
II work; 91ua 1-atiero, nr. McAllister.
pANT» FINI>HEUS A.AD APPRENTICES
X wanted; paid while learning. : 10 Turk st.
YOUNG «.IKL TO MINO BABY AND MAKE
herself useiul. 91 7b Hayes st.
U' ANTED— I GOOD HANI) ATDKK-bMAK-
-11 Intr and 1 apprentice. 1908% Polk st.
])^PKCTABLE GIRL TOA>BIsT IN LIGHT
XV housework; good home. 43ua Fulton st.
pEKMAN GIRL FOil UrNKBAL HOUSE-
VJ work: good cook; wages fl!0. 641 Mission.
GOOD FINISH K!l ON PANTS; ALSO AP-
prentice. 627*4 Geary sl, In rear. -
rriAILORKS-< ON CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
X buttonholes: good wages. 140 Rush st, in reur.
GOOD: T A ILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS. '
Call early, 7241/9 Market st.. room 27.
TV"ANTEJD— A HOOD TAILOKKSS ON CDS-
-11 torn coati. 50a N atoms st.
\\rANTED-EXPERIENCED SHIRT OI'KR-
-1" ators; none except first-class operators need
apply. EAGLKSO.N A, CO.. 536 Market st.
L'INI^HERs WANTED ON CUSTOM-MADE
r coats. 1 2 1/2 Harriet st.
Y°UNO ' GIRL ASSIST LI'.HT HOUBE-
X work. 84 Fair Oiks at., near Twenty-second.
EItMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VX work: small family. 3*ol Geary st.
O GERMAN APPRENTICES ON FINE ART
*- made ladles' costumes. HENRY < WtiKTH.
Ladles' Tailor. i:O5 I. eavenworth, nr. California.
4 MAKKiiI BRANCH OFFICE OF IHK
. J Calx.: want ads and subscriptions taken. .
C *■ DRKSS-CUTTING 'BCHOL- FRENCH
O. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
HI C LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
■y-*-y Call; : subscriptions and wan. ads. taken.
HELP WAITTED-Contliinfrt.
,T ATEST SKIRTS. STYLISH JACKETS, PER-
XJ fect-flttlnc waist patterns cut 10 order, 25c;
wanted, ladles to learn the McDowell Dressmak-
Ing and Millinery School, 103 Post st.
L^LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUT'WNU
X Academy. 14 McAllister su; $1 a week.
VI OBT CONVENIENT AND REBPECTABLK;
}}, w lnc hester House. 44 Third sL. near Market;
»0U rooms; . 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 10 $i
per week: free 'bus and t>acra>zt» to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED. >',
KUHN.THE MECONDCOOK, PLEASE CALL.
C. R. HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary St. ' :-. ,
FRENCH OR SWISS SECOND COOK; COUN-
try hotel; $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. . -
OKCOND COOK. RESTAURANT. $60; BROIL-
>J er, restaurant, $65; butcher, restaurant, $50.
C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary si.
OASTKY COOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL; *65.
X C. R. HANSEN <t CO.. 11U Geary sU
FRENCH LAUNDRYMAN: HAND WORK;
X I for a summer resor.; $25. C K. HANSEN <ft
CO., 110 Geary st. -
OOK FOR A MINERS) 1 BOARDING-HOUSE;
•50 and fare advanced. • C R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st,
SECOND COOK; COUNTRY HOTEL NORTH;
$60 and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN. «S
CO., 110 Geary st.
GERMAN FARMER AND WIFF.SKE PARTY
VJ here. $25; Swiss farmer, near city, $15:
farmer who can milk, $15. C. R. HANSEN <&
CO., 110 Geary sU
pHORKMAN FOR A PRIVATE FAMILY, $20
\J and iound: gardener, private family. $25 and
found MURRAY <& READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
3 BLACKSMITHS, COUNTRY SHOPS;
•J blacksmith for a cam a near city, $40 and
found. MURRAY & RKaDY. 634 and 636 Clay.
TAILOR FOR SHOP NEAR CITY. $3 DAY; 5
X laborers, city work. $1 60 day; 3 quarrymen,
»1 75 to $2 day. MURRAY A KiiADV, 634 and
636 Clay si.
• ) JAP COOKs; FaRE PAID; FOR RANCHES.
0 MURRAY & RKADY. 634 and 636 Clay si
OA WOO DC HOPPERS FOR DIFFERENT
*-»" counties, $1 aud $1 10 cord : 4-f t. red and wil-
low wood. MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
9 LAUNDItYMKK: DIFFERENT COUNTRY
«-» places: $25 and $3t» and found: half far- paid.
ML'RI.AY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
- COOKS, DIFFERKNT PLACKS; 4 WAIT-
• ' era and 2 dishwashers: camp cook. MURRaY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay sU
"\f AN AND WIFE; MAN TO MILK. WIFE TO
XIX cook; (40 and found; see boss here. MUR-
RAY <fc READY, Leading l.mpoytueat Agents.
634 aud 636 Clay at.
VI AN AND WIFE FOR A MINE; MAN TO DO
1" laboring work, wife to cook: *40 and found
and Increase. MURRAY & READY, 634 aud 636
Clay st.
9fJ FARMERS, ORCHAKD. VINEY vRD
-d\J hands, $16, $20 and $25: working foreman,
$20 to 530; sheep shearer, see boss here.. MUR-
RaY i READ*. 634 and 636 Clay st.
6MILKF.K:-, $20, $25 AND »30: 3 CHORK-
-1 boys for ranches $10 and $15. MURRAY A
I>EAUY. 634 ana 636 Clay aU
L'OREMAN. $60 AND FOUND; MUST BE AI
■I vineyardist a. d orchardist: se- boss here early
to Jay. MURKAY & READY, 634 and 836 Clay.
}jiORKJIA.\, $40 TO $50 AND 1 OUND FOR
-« a grain ranch: must be ab:e to run a combined
barves er; see boss here early to-day. MURRAY
it UK.v 634 and 636 Clay St.
L OKEM AN FOR A STOCK FARM; *40 TO j
-I $50 and found; see boss here. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. £
\\ ANTE D-2 76 MEN^TO CALL ON W. D.
" EWER & CO., the only reliable agents in
Clay St., and see our list or men wanted. We ad-
vertise no fake jobs and do not run down «agrs,
as some employment agents are doing. We have
no $5 or $10 per mouth situations, as our cus-
tomers do not want such cheap help. . All situa-
tions at W. D. Ewer & Co.'s offices are reliable
and iu->t as advertised. .Every situation Is guar-
anteed, and we will refund traveling expenses, j
etc.,' to every man, woman or child who is not
•offered work where we send them. TO-day we
mention a few of the situation^ on hand. We
want a porter for a wholesale grocery in city, must
be experienced, good marker and truckman, and
furnish rerereocts, gooa salary; 3 miners, *52 a
month:' 2 rough carpenters about a mine, 52 a
month, steady ]:ib: sboer for country $2 to
$2 50 a day; blacksmith helper for country shop,
$40 to $50 a monih: milker, and wife 10 cook for
small- dairy, see party here, $40 a month and
found: farmer and wife. $35 and found: 10 men to
chop 4-foot wood in Sonoma County, cabin on
ground, $126 a cord 2 farmhands, San Mat*o
County. $20; 3 farmhands for laige vineyard. $20;
harness-maker for ranch, $30 to $35 and found;
cooks, w. iters, dishwashers and others: waiter for
camp, $20. W. D. EWER <fc CO., t>'/6 Clay SU
\\r ANTED— CARRIAGE-PAINTER, $2 50 A
»» day: boy for paintshop, *3 week: laborer*,
$1 75 day: fanners. $.0; 3 miners. $2 50 day 6
sh:nsle-bo!t makers, *1 25 to $1 75 cord; ironer
for laundry, $25. and. others. Apply to J. F.
CKOsET T <fc Co., 628 Sacramento st.
\\" ANTKD— BUTLtR: SECOND BUTLER,
*• £30 and found: restaurant cooks; restaurant
waller $40; dishwashers and others. Apply to J.
F. CitO.-jKTT & < O. 628 Kacramenio st.
pOOK. . $25 AM) ROOM. CALL EARLY:
\J waiter. $40; waiter, $25; waiter. $15 and
room: head wa'.ter, small hotel: cook. $7 a week:
waiter, $15 to $-.0 aud room; secon.l cook, $30
and room: cook, $X 0 and room; waiter, city. $26
nnd room, an assistant cook, $50; cook, 16 a
we.k: neat young man as waiter, $12 and room.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market su
PAKPKXIKH, fij PER DAY; BLACK-
VJ smith's helper, $25 and board; carriage
Wai ksmlth's helper; young man for chorine, etc.
MARTIN A CO.. 749 Market st.
IiKKR AND WIFE, $35; FARMHAND,
$20: 2 machine drillers, $3 a day; middle-
aged choreman, $15: farmer and wife; solicitor,
milk route: waller, $15. R. T. WARD .t CO..
608-610 lay st.
\K r ANTED— COOK, PLAIN HOTEL, $35:
»' uight cook, $35; waiter, $26:' French waiter,
$3J: ycting man around restaurant, $10; vegeta-
ble gardener. $26: dishwasher, $15, etc. AN-
DRE'S, SOS Stockton St.
MA AND WIFE, $30. MISS CULLKN. 323
Suiter sU 'i
STRONG, INTELLIGENT AMERICAN BOY
to wont in a printing office; wages $3 a week:
one with some experience preferred. Apply at 7
Manning place, off Eighth sL, between Market
and Mission.
A TED — INDUSTRIOUS GERMAN TO
■»» buy half interest in well-paying manufactur-
ing business; small capita ; investigate .his; rare
opportunity. Address C. S., box 36. Call Office.
\\~ ANTF.D— COATJIAKKR AT ONCE FOR
'» the country; good wages. *ppl\- P. GREEN-
BKKu <& CO., room 38, Hood building
ELDERLY SOBER MAN AS NlOllT-
w.tchman; wages $15 and room. Call at 11
o'clock at 126 Fifth st.
AP PR TIC TO LKARN TAILOR TRADE:
x\. also fine pants and vest maker, tall, after 9
A. M.. 610 Geary si.
BOY ABOUT 17 TO LEARN WIRE AND
iron work. 220 Kearny st.
BUT WANTED TO WASH DISHES AND
* help in kitchen. 515 Valencia st.
IpIRST-CLASS BOOTBLACK FOR BARBKR-
T shod. 2124 Flllmore su:
Good sk si, cook wanted, inquire
10 Thirds:.
2 cooks Wanted, 153 third street.
came.v for china and . for all
parts or coast on coasting vessels. 904 Kearny
; St., opstafra.
WANTED APPRENTICE BY TAILOR.
»T 22S O'Farrell St. .
SOLICITOR FOR JOB PRINTING; SALARY
it commission. 8. F.. box 135. Call Office.
STRONG BOY TO LEARN CARRIAGE
0 blacksmlthlng: one with experience preferred;
refrrences required. 828 Harrison st.
COATMAKERS WANTED AT 106 BATTERY
\J street. , j
BARBERSHOP: GOOD LOCATION;
— « sunny living-rooms: yard: oid stand; rent or
sale; owner going to country; bargain. Apply
Call Office.
o-chair BARBER-SHOP: 16c; doing GOOD
«- business. 1944 Market st.
TNDUSTRIOUS MAN TO DO ABOUT 3
X hours' housework daily in exchange for room.
1007 Market st. :
gog uayes— branch OFFICE OF THK
*J*JU call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
BOTH, BETWEEN 16 AND 17 YEAUB OF
*g«. apply at -'00 Sutter st.
I>ARBKRS— FOR EMPLOYMENI CALL SEC.
•*-» P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUcHs, 825 Grant aye,
JUURNI-.YMi».:\ IiAHi.KKB' t.il'l.OVafl.-Si 1
ieoretarv .H. IUtRNABU , 102 seventh st. .. ■
LMli-T-CLAS-. BARBERS FURNISHED BY :
' International Union Free Employment Bureau.
34 Fourth su. the Modern. L Lass, secretary. ~
WANTED- MEN TO LEA RN BARBER
" trade: shops,'- tools, •< positions - furnished: 8
weeks required. 8. F. Barber College, 138% Eighth.
ELcHUHUUna; StoSVa M ARKh. i fcT * tntm i I
J-i 20c, 25c to 6OC aiirht. - $1 to %i wees. •
OTYLISII AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
•w 1 made to order, 3 60; cheapest place in city for
repairing and second-hand bhoes. ■' 950 Howard au
mrr.v WANTEn-rontinn«^, >
WANTED— MEN EVERYWHERE TO ACT
as private detectives under instructions; ex-
perience unnecessary." Universal Detective
Agency, Indianapolis, I ml.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
of some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ide»s: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <& CO., Dept. L, • Patent - Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, : for their 91800 prize
Offer and new list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
THE ROSEDALE. 821 ELLIS— CHE A PEBT
X and best lodging-bouse north of Market si. ..?
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
, to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, atlll runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 15J
largo rooms; 25c per night; 91 to 93 per week,
Eti}io.v wants 100 men To v*et bot-
. tie beer or wine 5c : best, free lunch. 43 Clay
1 ft 7 NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OP
ID I 1 Hi: Call; SDbscriptiou anU want ads.
taken.
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House, Sixth ana Uowad.
"OECRUITS WANTED FOP. THE U. S. MA-
XV rlne Corps, "J. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens of the United States, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character and habits
and able to speak, readxand write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height For
further information apply at the Recruiting cilice,
20 Kills su. San Francisco. Cal.
OCtlf' MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_«)_U 'lute Call; Bubscriptiooa ana waul ada
taken. ■ ' '
DESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED, DIPLOMAS
XV rilled out <& all kinds of renwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH, Ueald's Business College, 24 Post st.
"L-'OR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
X 1 tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1534 Market St.. bet.
Larkin and City Hall nve.,' or 7*v» Mission St.;
large stock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made to order, an y style, $3 no. i ■
TIL' ANTED.TOCOLLECT WAUES DUE LABOR-
i" ersAclerks XX OX Collection Agcy, 110 butter.
fPRY ACME HOUSE. 95/ MARKET »T., BS-
X low Elxth. lor a room: 26c a night; 91 a week.
DOOMS, 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO 91 50
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
> ' Tbk Call are taken at Branch uilice, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
\tU\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c, 150
J \>\J and -Oc a nlgnu including cotton and rotU.
f24 Washington St., near K>arni\ - V,
BE.-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 13, 20 AND
25 cents per night: 91. 91 25, 91 60 per week,
Paclno House. Commercial and Lelde&clortT sis.
1 /' 7 NINTH BRANCH OFFICE OF
1I) i i ii» Call; subacrtptiou aua waiu aUa
taken.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
" s!io»-m up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
log through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait; ladles' soling, 35c; men's
soling. 50c: tine shoes made to order from 92 up;
we have a lot or shoes been damaged oy water at
less than on<>-four'.h their value, from 75c up to
92 50. 662 Mission st. bet. First and Second.
"I >7(\(\ MORE PAIR MEN'S SHOKS, BEEN
X I \J\J damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to 92 50. bt>2 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second.
ANTED— UlNiiLb ROOMS, 100 A DAY; 91
week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. 91 bO * woe..,
reading-room: dally papers. 86 Clay st
I*' INCH HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» MarKet: 200 room% 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and ha-rzage to and from tbe terry.
BOARDfNU WANTED.
■\rOUNG MAN wants board and ROOM
Xwl home privileges in Spanish family: speaks
Spanish: was 7 years in last place; best of refer-
ence as to honesty: state terms; must be reason-
able. Address C. K. YOUNG, International Hotel,
City.
ROOMS WANTED.
PROCESSOR WILL EXCHANGE PIANO
sons tor furnished room: nor h of Market st.
P., box to. Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS,
"OUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBKH. SASHES,"
X-> doors, mantels, etc., lor s»le. 1103 Mission K.
— —^^— — — — — — _^_^__^_
ELL your BOOKS, CLOTHINU am* JEW-
fir/ to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: ■rod postal.
-'
JLOST.
qn-rv REWARD— WILL THE LADY WHO
«jpuu was in a party at Zickand's restaurant,
Monday evening, who picked up a diamond bug
pin with ruby eyes, kindly return name *to
2116 California st. and receive above reward; - no
question asked. '
CATURDAY EVENING, LOST. LADY'S
C black silk bag with aluminum opera-glasses,
gold (mounted vinaigrette and|Russiao enameled
bon-bon box. Liberal reward wl.l be paid for same
at 130 Puelan building.
lOST— AROUND MARKET, SI'TTIR, SAN-
J some sts.; $20 postage stamps- Reward at
121 Hansome st.
LOST-SUNDAY NIGHT, ON KEARNY OR
Mirk t su, mink boa. suitable reward for re-
turn io MKs. B. HOYT, Berkeley.
nr±ilTß SPITZ DOG; LAST WEEK; YEL-
»» low leather niCKel-plat^d collar and tag
1899. Return 2201, -McAllister St.; $5 reward.
PHI.. 12— DIAMOND SCARF PIN. FLY-
sliapea; liberal reward; no questions. 623
Market K. from 2 to 4 p. it
T OST— GOLD BOWLING MEDAL. FINDER
JLj receive reward by returning to 440 .-lxib.
LOST— A PASS-BOOK WITH THE HIBER-
-Li nia Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
In the name of MARY K. SMITH, No. 141,488.
The finder will please return to bank.
LIVER AND WHITE SETTER PUP LOST
near Hteiner ana Union sts.: liberal reward.
Return to sW. cor. Siciner and Pacific sts. j
LOST—A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKKNIA
J savings and Loan society of San Francisco,
In the name of JOSEPH FaUT, No. 210,740.
The finder will pleate return to bank.
SUITABLE REWARD PAID FOR THE RE-
tura to fruit stand, corner Mission and Sixth
sis., of young fox-terrier bitch; answers to Nellie.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
st.: .want ads and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
CA.MKT' PKEMTSKS. LA RGE BAY HORSE
white spot on forehead; two white feet. S. S
F., 1310 Fifteenth aye.
HORSES.
17* OR SALE— MILK WAGON, HORSE AND
J? harness 22 Golden Gate aye.
ADDLE- HORSK» FOR SALE — PERSONS
having houses can hnve them broke to the sad-
dle; also less jus given In riding and driving. 605
Golden Gate aye.
FOR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;
sound; in good condition: A) roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables. 503 butter st.
TRONG BUSINESS BUGGY. HOR^E AND
harness, good as new, cheap. Nevab.e stables,
42 Clay s-
OW (JUST CALVED); GENTLE; EASY
milker; cheap. 923 Fell St.
LADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOR
sale cheap Devisadero-st. McAllister.
BUGGY HORSE— GOOD ROADSTER; WILL
sell cheap. 1112 Golden oa.e aye. '
AUCTION SALES KVKKY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia at., S.
WATKINss, auctioneer.
Al\ HORSES' FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON.I
j" buggies, carts, harness: rand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 -Sixth st. ■. auction Bales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"I EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good , harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you ran buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister su, S. F.
HEAD OF HORSES SUITARLfc. FOR ANY
OV/busines.l 900 to 1600 pounds. Old Tnrk-st. car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mules.
h(\i\ bXT NKW AND SECOND-HAND HAlt
O\J\J seas; all kinds: bogscy.wa«on. carts, surrer
* rocka war ; 40 cheap horses. IStti Mil Valencia
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR FREBH BEEF AND MUT-
X ton— Office Chief Commiiisary. San Francisco.
Cal., April 12,1897. Sealed - proposals, In tripli-
cate, will be received - here j and at otllces of com-
ruls-iaries at Aicarraz Island, Angel Is and. Beni-
cla Barracks. For ' Mason. Presidio of San
Francisco and San Diego Barrack*, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. if. May 12, 1897, and then opened, for
furnishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton In bulk
required at those posts by the subsistence depart
ment V. S. army, during penoa commencing July
1, and ending December BJ, 1897. Fresh beef
Shalt be good In quality and condition, fit for Im-
mediate use, an . irom fore and hind quarter meats
proportionally. Including all the Lest cuts thereof.
Fresh mniton shall be of good, rat and marketable
quality, from wethers over <>ne an I under three
years olu. Beei and mutton to be d:e«sedand
trimmed and delivered as prescribed in c rcular of
Instructions. : Proposa s will be also received stat-
ing pr.ee nt which bidder wii ; deliver fiesh beef or
inuiton of character above stated, an 1 to be deliv-
ered of temperature not greater t tan 50 degrees
Fahrenheit. Government reserves xlght to reject
in whole or in j art any or all bids, instructions
furnished on application' to' post commissaries or
l HA RLE* i P. £AG AN, . lieutenant-colonel, chief
commissary. ■ .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ffliQnn THE BEST OYSTER AND CHOP-
HrO\J\J. house In Oakland: clears s2oo a month;
private rooms; big day and night trade; owner is
sick and must sell; investtga c this and make
offer. STENBERU <fc CO., 632 Market st. ,
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID FORFUBWt-
tnre, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. 9TENBEKO, 632 Market: teL main 1043.
©On SALOON; MUST BE SOLD IN SDAYB;
«IPOW. livin?-rooms: good for roamed couple;
owner leaving city. bTEN BKRG CO., 632 Market.
MANUFACTURING AND REPAIRING Es-
-»■'*• tablishment: fully equipped: run past 25
years; always made money suited for man and
wife: 9 hands employed; good outside Irade; In-
vestigate this. STENBERU «fc CO., 632 Market. ;
(2* «nn butchershop: good corner
<p.\J\J. Western Addition: rent SIB 60;
including staple: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep. 2 calves
weekly; horse, wagon. STKNBERit, 632 Market.
(\()(\ CUKNRR SALOON UN KEARNY
vu y' »'■•• old established and money-making
place: few blocks from Cliro «■; rent>3«; beat
oaslness offer. WILKE, 783 Market St.
Sfc9oo SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
«IP— \J\J. close to Third and Market nts.; living-
rooms; rent soo; make offer. VVILKE, 783 Market.
BRAN «H BAKERY WITH 3 LIV-
P,° U ingrooms; rent. $'22: a genuine good
business offer: daily receipts 814: kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKK, 783 Market st.
ftttnO COHNiCR GRUCKRY AND BAR;
«1T " U ' nvin« - 100 ms: choicest location in
Western Addition; first-class puylne business;
widow must sacrifice. WILKK, 783 Market st.
p,LD-ESTABLISHED SALOON; CHOICEST
\J location on water front; doing a large first-class
paying business: net rent only $20 investigate;
a genuine good business offer; would trade for
ranch. WILKiS, 783 Market st. '.
m.Qrw~l ELEGANTLY FITTED UP ISA LOON.
ijpOvU. opp. City: Hall, with clubroom; side
entrance: large day and night trade; big sacrifice;
owner going East. WILKE, 783 Market, st.
/"I ROCERY| BUSINESS (WITHOUT A BAR),
VJT on busiest street in town; has a fine paying
cash trade: good horse and waeon: rent low: posi-
tive value in stock; sacrifice. M. LESS. 6 Fourth.
$2000-CORNE X FA MILY LIQUOR STORE
• on prominent business street, one block from
Market; extra large stock: one of the best places of
this kind In town. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
CM inn RESTAURANT; ONK OF THE
iflluU. best paying of Its kind across ho
biiy: Dosltlvo proof furnished that the receipts are
$1000 or more per month: fine private dining-
rooms; everything first-class throughout: cheap
rent; lease; |>rac.icr.lly no opiosltion; In present
owners' Lands 7 years; easily worth $.'OOO of apy
one's money; owners have • large Interests in
mines which demand their Immediate attention.
M. LES-", 5 Fourth
(JjQA/V CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
<®O\J\J. most desirable portion of the Western
Addition; larse sio.-k; nicely fitted up; sacrifice.
M LESS. 5 Fourth st,
Cjl 000 FINE CORNER GROCERY AND
<IP X \J\J\J. bar on on* of principal streets, a few
blocks north of Market: elegant fixtures; large
stock: more than value In sight; a gift. M. LESS,
5 Fourth st.
d&-;^n FRUIT AND POULTRY BUSINESS
tP— *J\J. in busies', portion of the Mission; good
horse and wagon: 3 llvlnc-rooms: cheap rent; big
yari and stable: good for married couple, M.
LESS, 6 Fourth st.
OiUUIO CORNER GROCERY AND BAB; IN
iIPWU. liveliest location south of Market St.;
cheap rent; living-rooms; large stock; big bar
business; established corner; for a bargain see
ibis. M. LESS, 3 Fourth st.
DO YOU WANT TO SETJ*, YOUR BUSINESS
promptly for cash? 50 saloous. groceries and
bars cheap. HEALY, 917 Market st.
©Vnn BRANCH BAKERY AND DAIRY
O— l "• produce store; living-rooms; receipts
trom $8 to $10 dally; HEALY, 917 Market st.
<si9nfin WILL PURCHASE A ONE-HALF
<IP^.UV/v Interest in established- business pay-
Ins |200 per month to Investor; investigation so-
licited; reference furnished. R. J., box 60, this
office. 1
-yOUNG GENTLEMAN WISHES LADY
X partner in the poultry business: write. Address
Q. M., P. O. box 32, Sacramento.
PRINTING OFFICE COST $2500: PRICE
X »950: installments 4 California st., room 5.
pHOiNIX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILMORE
X st; price $150; cause disagreement of partners.
ESTAKRANT CHEAP; GOOD PLACE FOR
man and wife. 324 Lark In st.
PF.STAURANT 1631 MARKET; WILL EX-
XV change for property and pa/ difference.
TTIOR SALE— CORNER GROCERY A.ND BAR
X? cheap: no opposition. Call Office.
SALOON, $1000; GOES TO-DAY $400; GOOD
stock. 539 California su
IGAK-STORE, WITH FIXTURES, TO LET.
> 1739 Mission; Inquire next door.
CtA(\ FIXTURES OF BUTCHER-SHOP; A
«E>^-V/. sacrifice. Apply 827 Mission st.
A!OON FOR SALE. INQUIRE LEVY CO.,
795 Mission St., liquor-store. -
SALOON: GOOD LOCATION: DOING GOOD
business: for sale on account of other business
516 Kearny st.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR DOING A
V^ good business which can be much Improved;
billiard and pool tables; old established place in
good business neighborhood; no agents. C. G. box
137, Call Office.
Qft^O FOR SALE; OLD-ESTABLISHED
iBVJxJXJ. coffee-saloon and restaurant in one of
the leading streets. Apply this office.
YOUNG LADY, RECENTLY FROM THE
X Kast, desires gentleman partner. 880 Market
bu, room a.
ANDY, ICECREAM AND FACTORY-
first-class location; reasonable. Apply Call
Office.
<2>l £ft GOOD PAYING SALOON ON THIRD
«TX«JV». St.: rent otUy $^0; must be sold: par-
ties going to Alaska. Apply 45 Third st, room 1.
RESTAURANT AND COFFEE HOUSE FOR
XV sale; good steady trade: owner going to the
old country. ; 102 Townsend st., opposite dapot.
t-'OR SALK-A WKLL-PAYINQ SAUSAGE
X factory and delicacies store on Market si.; on
account of sickness. Inquire Call Office.
ffijQTfi GROCERY AND DELICACIES;
«JTO I O. candy store with furniture; $15 rent;
3 living-rooms. 1037 Folsom st. : store.
pOUNTRY HOTEL FOR SALE OR RENT; 18
\J bedrooms: bar; range, etc.; good opening. Ad-
ply RUDOLF G AE F, Gllroy, CaL " vvuxu " Ap -
VINE CHANCE FOR A STICKER HAND
r with about $500. H., box 71, this office.
p^OOD PAYING FRUIT/STORK FOR SALE
VJ cheap. Apply Call Office.
OOU-PAYING RESTAURANT FOR BALE-
VJ owner has other business. Apply 210 Drumm.
pORNKR GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE
\J cheap. Apply 831 feixth st. ; no agent. ,
"CIOR SALE VERY CHEAP-BEST CASH
X I fruit business in Oakland: tLls Is a snap for
some one. J. JIcVAY. 152 Fifth sU, Oakland.
SALOON— OLD ESTABLISHED. GOOD LO-
-10 cation, 8 rooms, kitchen, including furniture-
rooms bring rent; cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific.
pAXDY, ICECREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
\J plies for sale; nr. school; 4 su ny living-rooms;
bath; reas. 29j6a Washington SL, nr. Broderlck.'
mo LEASE- OCCIDENTAL HOTEL, MAY-
i. p^it!^ » t)'»ra County: rent $25 per month
F. I'itITtHARD, 12 Market su, S. F. *" ulllu -
SUN.NY FRONT ROOM. WITH BOARD-
>bome comforts: reasonable. 183 Diamond st '
bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth. *
, PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER Inl
quire this office ° rat 133 Third st., Portland,
.^1 000 GROCERY, BAR; CHOICE LOCA-
?*a ,V* tlon: or wtu trade lor Paper route.
Address W., box 97, Call Office. route.
riANDY, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
V notion store for sale: Fourth .iT near broad-'
gange depot, a ij JPILTZ : ban Rafael, at
%V-\ OUNEK CfGAR-STAND. SE. COR.
f^ZiO. Twenty-fourth and Folsom •
K INK EXPRESS TKAM AND WAGON:
X must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st. •- vu * •
•yu uno widow wants a genheman
I partner; small capital. Room 267 Pof^t
Wtn ro n D T ? ' *& X A FURNISHED DIN-
M in, -room. L. M., box 69, Call office. •
$750 ™ 1T >< i U LIR V - OKOCtRY
Mission sue * °™ e * nd w »« on - 33 »2
A P. INTKKEST IN HORSErtKOKING-
XX shop, cheap, account sickness. 339 Eddy st.
G I Office ' OU 1 " * ° At bAUI - ami** -1 Hid
PARTNER WANTED WITH $1000. IN A
W,^riof,Caflo r m n c l T<tt ' nBWOr>t ' 1 ' A<idnf " P *
D K iF G^. TO R^ : HA NUBOMKST STORK IN
ft, m^ c»tr (Inland); no cot rate*: 1 best reason*
for selling. Address Drugs, box 139, Call Office.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JroHN K. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICKa. ■ ROOHS
' . SB and 27, Crocker Miildlun; : t*i»i>neu« ataui
<5. ban i ra-nciaco. Cat ■ •
■ , WAGONS AND CARRIAGKS. ,
XfKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LACN-
-Li dry and milk wagon; also nua lop buggy and
rockaway. «28 Harrison »v '; . • =
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
00 BOOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARINa
/Z $100........— ..: $1,600
10-roOii. house, fine 10. at10n:..... '2'ls
14 rooms o < Van Ness aye., only " 450
24 rooms, fine for transient 700
75 rooms, best in theclty 3,51*)
14 rooms, 0n1y...... ••• ~SU
20 toom^, corner, new I,'^Oli
14 rooms tin Sutler 35t$
7-room house, only .". — :.:.'.:. 2b')
H. C. DECKEK, 1020 Mnrliet su, opp. Fifth. ..
0,1 BOOM OS MARKET ST .......$ 850
Z*T 14 rooms, only 250
SO rooms: corner: new 1,200
14roomsOD suiter ... — 8">0
7-ruom h<nse, on;y. -50
H. C DECKEK. 1020 Market s:., opp. Fifth.
Of Cf\f\ LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 win,
tJpDUU. furnished rooms;, cheap" not: excel-
lent loc lion : lr you want a bargain see this house.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
1 Alt' AIN-BUSH ST..NEARGRANT AYE.—
>"* House of 22 rooms, bar, etc.; rent very low;
ail lance sunny rooms; furniture can be had If dp-
Hied. SHAI"<WAL», BUCKBEE 4: CO., 218-
-220 Montgomery st. ; :- ; \;
OOD-- PAYING LODGING- HOUSE; 100
rooms; canter of town; trial given:, goes v ry
Cheap: no agents. Call between 8 and 10 a. m. ,
BaKBE, 405 Sixth street, near Harrison.
-1 CiCi!^. MA KKKT— CHEAP FOR CASH ; GOOD
• J UO«J paying house; 24 rooms.
HOUSE OF 9 WiILL-FURNISHKD Rj^MS;
must sell; sickness: full of roomers; cheap.
339 Jessie st. _^^^^__^__^^___
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
■RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XV must close out stock in 30 days; brussel.i car-
pet, 42Vjc yard; floor oilcloth, 18c; mat ing. 7a -
yard; room sets, 8 pieces, $9 bO; 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $65. SHIREK <£ SHIREK, 747
Market st.. opp. Grant aye.
FIRE SALE NOW GOING ON; ENTIRE
stock of Carpets and Furniture damaged by
fire, smoke and water; mus. be sold for account of
underwriter*. SHIREK & SHIKEK, 747 Market.
L UKMTURE, STOVES LAIIPi TS, COUN-
X ters, showcases. A.NDEB9ON, 1121 Market,
SAVE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM-
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD ranges are the BEST.
XX JOHN P. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market sU
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission St.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1363, you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
BKST PRICES FOR FURNITURE. 3IDSE,
HC STREET & CKESWELL. Auctioneers, 9
Market su nn.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF you ANT good prices for furni-
tnre and merchandise gee BURD. 211 Larkla.
CARPET CLEANING. .
pARPET-OLEANING, 8c: LATINO, 3c; RUGI
\J samples free; teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th
pARPETb CLEANED. KENOVaIED LIKE
\J new. J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
piTY BThAM CARPET CLEANING WORK'S:
V* deans, moves, lays carpets. O. H, STEVENS,
Atgr. 38 and 40 Eighth su; telephone South 250.
WHEN YOU BECOME DI*OUSTEI> WITH
poor worksend toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar
pet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehamaat.; teL So. 41).
ADVANCE CARPtT-CLKANINU CO., 403
A Sutler; teL Main 394. GKO. WALCOM, prop.
C CARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKB
-'new. 23Tenth; tel. Ssouth 36. Mackintosh <fc Co.
J WATTS, reliable rarpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
O . atlon works. 413 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 3'JL
JE. MITCHELL, CAKPKT-CLEANINii CO.
. 240 14th SU ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
pONKLIN'S CAKPK1 1 - BEATING WORKS.
\J 333 Golden Gat* aye. Telephone East 120.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
» RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
JJL We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $6, $7. $8. $9, $10
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny and Sutler sts.. stein-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST ■
J\. house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30o'*arrelt si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;'
everything possible done tv please autl batiafy via •
customer. j
CTLV.LLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI- f
anos; monthly payments from 45 op; rteliv-,
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence ■
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY.'
salesrooms 933 Market bu, opp. Musou: esiati
llshed over 20 years.
Jj'B.W SELECT BARGAINS— PIANOS $30. $75,
X $80; Stelnway, $126: Weber.s2so: Uardman.
$390: organs cheap. THE J. DEWING CO., sec-
ond floor, .Hood building. Fourth and Market si,.
ONA FIDE. REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Halnes. Knabe, Bush <fe Gerts and others; sec-
ond-band pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIXx- '
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft <fc Co., £24 Poau,
HAW, STEINWa*, $250; CHICKEP.ING.
$185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, $93. HiilNE, 136 Ellis St. •
ffljT OK $160— BEST BARGAINS IN THE [
<ll'X^-c>. c.ty; good second-band uprights. Tiia
ZENO MAU VAI-. Music Co., 769 Market au
ARE CHANCE: GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister su, next HibernU
Bank.
piANOFOR SALE; HANDSOME CABINET
X grand; little used; a bargain. 1217 Fell st.
CjO^fl UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
is)4.O\J. Bros.*): cost $500. Apply 835 Pine st.
BARGAIN, $76; ERARD. FISCHER AND*
other uprights. HORN UNO'S, 216 Post st. .
©17K NKW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;
<IPX I O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILI4
you find a stock of new steinway pianos.
WG. BADGER. SOLE A*. ENT FOR H ALLET
.* Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
BYRON UAL* ZY. 808 POST ST sOHMiit^
Sewby & Evans. Briars and other pianos.
VUPJSKiOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKa, ULD& NEW
>-? H. MULLER, mak»r. rermlrer 2 Latham placet
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ffl»-J A IMPROVED SINGER MACHINE:
*iDXV. all attachments. 2437 Mission St., near
Twenty-first.
T?OR SALE-2 POULTRY RANCHES. CON-
X sistlng of geese, ducks, chickens ana pigeons;
also i 4 lots. 37x110 each, at $20 a lou THOMAS
F. KLIN, Red Flag, six-mile station, s>aa •
Bruno Road. ■
ffljl nX AEROMOTOR W I NDMILL AND 2000
«IPXW*J. gallon tank and pump in good condi-
tion, together with piping, for sale. Apply for '
further particular* to G. H. UMBSKN CO., 14
Montgomery st.
TMNE ENGLISH MASTIFF, ONE YEAR OLD;
r $25. Call 12 Eighth st.
Qll-LIGHT DYNAMO, $40. APPLY THE K.
Ov A. SMITH CO., 527 Mission sU
Cfl-HORSKPOWER ENUINK AND BOILER.
*J\.' complete for first-class steam plant. Address
box 113, call Office.
AFKS— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 609
O Market su
BICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES. $45; BIG
bargains in second-hands. Waverley Retail,
216 McAllister su Wholesa c, 61 First St.
OJ-QX HANDSOME. ROLL-r >P CHERRY
«JPOO. office de»k; cost $85. 1824 Pacific su
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 KACH;
V in perfect order. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
YEW CASH-REGISTEKS FOR SALK OR TO
li rent. MAGUIRr., 130 Sansoro^ s;., room 9.
BOJIiERS,K.NbIMiS,:D-HA.NDiIACmXKIU'
J_» water-pipes.. JMclntosb & Wolpman. 137 iJeal*.
VINE BLACK >UIT; »12 50. Mi&FIX CLOiH-
X' ing parlors. 613 Montgomery su
nOil-KE MILL. STALKS,. LETTKU HKES3,
\J stand desk, money till, sate: cheap. 102 Ulay.
|J ARS, .SHOWCASES, COUSTKRS, SHKLV-
J-» Ing, eta, bought and sold. 1063 Muslim, nr. 7th.
LAi-GE DOUBLE COMJ"AKTMIiAX COIN
bunk safe; cheap. t> Mission st.
1 aks, Back. bars. iIIRROKS. SHOW-
u cases, counter^ linoleum, olUce furniture,
tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N<,ONAJN, 101V-1019-io^l-10iJ
Mission au; above Sixth.
MEW BLSIWOOD RANGES ARE the best.
■LVW. a RAY MFO. CO, 12 California »L
ONE SMALL MKl'll'M A.ND LARGE-SIZB
an and burglar proof safa. IU9-111 Market at
ATTORSKVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FRKE: ■ IIIVOKCE LAWS A SPEC- '
laity; private; no fee without success: prolate*
Insolvency, wills, collections, < bills of sale, deeds!
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estub. 10 year?.
O. W. HOWK. bill -\ arkei 31 . corner Mlfckton su
ADVICE FRKK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
■cx. cessful. W. W. DAVIDsON. 927 Market si
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHROS*
-. • icle building; advice nee; lovrie«»; all ciiHM_^ HOUSES TO LET. ' ' .
HOUSE OF 11 ROOM": FINK ORDER: RKNT
cheap. 247 Stevenson, bet. Third an 1 Fourth, 1
"\7"KRY SUNNY 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN;
• > large yard: car*. 17^0 Fill more st. ■ ;'.^!
fiQi A TO LET. CHKAP-A !>-t O M HOUSE
m II . and basement. 1145 Folsom b;., bet.
m-vtnthand Elsb.h. ■ * .-. •'•. _
TTOUSK OF 6 ROOMS- NEWLY RENOVATED:
XI large yard. 12u5M' Golden ate aye. ; apply
1205. '~ ', ■--.
A BOOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
" 28i Na.omast.. near l-'ourth. ■ " •
OZY HOME: SUNN V SIDE SUTTER, 832;
nice loca ity; call soon tor key at 830.
TO LET— HOUSe OF 4 LARGE, SUNNY
rooms: J8 50. 1313 York St.
ELL ST., BET. POLK AN» VAN NESS
aye.: sunny side; 2-story bay-window: 7 rooms
and bath. Apply to i. S. CAPP * CO., Real
Estate a cents, 415 Montgomery st.
BANNAN-feCNNY SIDE: ABOVE SEC-
ond; 2-storr house: 6 rooms and bath; rent
low to a good tenant. Apply to C. S. (AFP & CO..
Keal Estate Agents. 41iS Montgomery st.
'FABRELL, BET. MASON AND T.v YLOB-
Rear house of 3 rooms. Apply to C. S. (.APP
* CO., Real Estat • Agents 410 Montgomery st.
T EXINGTOX AY". (FORMERLY STEVEN-
-1; Bods.\ bet. Mission »nd Valencia, Twentieth
and Twentv-lirst— Neat 2-story house; 6 rooms
and bath: rent low to a good tenant. Apply to C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery st.
OrnO WASHINGTON— 7 ROOMS; BATH:
*-OU«7 first-class condition; location large tar--
den.
UNNY HOUSE, ATI!. YARD: HAMPTON
t^ place, off Folsom, bet. Second and Third sis.
VARGAIN— MUST SELL; NEW HOCSK; 6
1") rooms aud lot 50x125: >. V. water; outhouse;
nice garden. App yat 250 Lobos St., Ocean View.
Ol *?*^ mason, near Lombard— B-room
I —O house and bath; newly renovated; rent
$15; ■
NNY 10-ROOM HOUSE; MODERN IM-
C* provemen s: low rent. 3522 Nineteenth st.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & lIOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
1 ">ii BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 BOOMS;
1 —— * ' yard: rent rfa«r>nab!e to a good tenant
URMSHED FLATS.
OUNNY FURNISHED MODERN FLAT, 6 I
0 rooms, cheap; 251 ii a Sutler si. Apply 13 to 2. ;
C«QX UPPER FLAT: 1650b HAVES ST., 1 j
«3T«J«-'. block trom park panhandle: 7 rooms; i
bath: laundry. \VM. NJCOL. 634i 2 California.
COTTAGES TO LET.
9 SUNNY MODERN 4 AND 5 ROOM COT-
<6 tages: rent very reasonable. SOOb Webster.
UN NY" COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath, basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteeuth st.
'T REAR COTTAGE: 4 BOOMS; BASE-
S 7 REAR waiter 339 Jersey BASE.
• • mem: water :'r-e. 839 Jersey st.
£. 1 ► NICE COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS;. BATH:
<rlt). sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
SUNNY -COTTAGE* OF 4 AND 6 ROOMS, I
bath: basement aud yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth .-is.
TO LET- COTTAGE 6 BOOMS AND BATH;
rent $18. 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
qi a CLEAN FLAT: DOUBLE PARLORS; |
n_ i jt. bath. 41 Herman, junction Market and :
Valencia sts.
A 991 POST. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
~l— — •* Sunny flat of 8 lODtus: $16.
flu 1 O A NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4
V 1 •>. rooms. 141*5 Moss St., bet. Sixth and
Seventh, nr. Howard.
1 F 7l\C* POST— 3, 4 AND ft ROOM FLATS;
J I UU baihs; garden; rent $15.
A A 3 TO 5-ROOM COTTAGES AND FLATS $6
•±U to 512. SPECK <fc Co.. 6U2 Market st.
Ul ft GKAKY-5 * SUNN x* BOOMS IN GOOD
uIO order: rent $17.
FLAT 3 BOOMS. 254 HARRIET ST., BET.
Harrison and Bryant, uear Sixth; rent low.
PARKLY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COB. SUTTER
Xt and Scott sts.; 6 big rooms: $27 50; wnterfree; j
appreciated if -cc::. Key li^OO t-utterst.,cor ?co:t. ,
HAIGHT. NEAR FILLMOBE— FLAT I
tula 4 large sunny rooms; yard: basement;
' $11.
CO ' LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
«IDXU. 19th: s rooms: porcelain Oath.
Q "I ' LOWER FLAT; 1411 GUERRERO,
iSlu. near 26th; 6 rooms; porcelain bath. .
9 NEW UPPER SUNNY MODERN irLATS.
— 935 Golden Gate aye. and 615 Grove st.
17 SEW FLATS AND 9 NEW HOUSES
• ready April 10; low rents. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market su
Q-l A AND $18: NEW FT,A,T>; NE. COR.
OJ ' den Gate aye. and Lyon St.: 5 and 6
rooms and b»th each: all modern conveniences;
newly pointed and decorated; see them. bHAIN-
WALL), BUCKBEE & CO., 21S-220 Montgomery
street.
C»9n 6 LARGE ROOMS: 2 STORY, WITH
*!7 —U. large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- fifth
st, npar Castro.
$18—6 rooms; porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
Bt., near Twenty-sixth.
$16—5 rooms; porcelain bath; 542 a Castro St.,
near Nineteenth.
T7LATS TO LET FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN * HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
tomery st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, S> AND 6 !
\J rooms. $8 to $16: *** them. 523 Seventh st. |
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Bryant Street.
-.1 "I BRYANT. NEAR THIRD— NICELY
'-'X X furnished sunny suite, front; $9 a month.
Harrison Street.
17 A Q HARRISON— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
I rtO and bath for housekeeping. w
Buena i«ta Avenue.
1 r BUENA VISTA AYE., NR. COR. BAKER
.1 0 and Ha'.jrht— 2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas, bath and yard; rent low.
California Street.
"I *r -I Q CALIFORNIA— LARGE RUNNY UN-
JOIO furnished, parlor floor, bath, storeroom,
hot and cold water; large nicely furnished room.
Eddy street.
AC)*7 EDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM WITH
t-^ I kitchen adjoining; gas range; complete for
housekeeping.
QI 7 EDDY — VERY NICE SUNNY CON-
t7X 4 nected housekeeping rooms.
Jtiith Mrees.
000 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS; FURNISHED COM-
€)££ plete for housekeeping; reasonable.
FIFTH-FRONT BOOM AND KITCH-
rt^Cz en; furnished for housekeeping: first floor.
iol*om Street.
nC\A FOLSOM-NICE, SUNNY, FRONT. FUR-
-4 v»*t Dished rooms, with privilege of light
bousekeepi- g.
8r O FOLSOM-LARGE FRONT ROOM, FUR-
-0 i 'J nished for housekeeping, $8 month; also
suite.
fourth street.
99?: FOURTH-ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
_Z.«J light housekeeping. •
t'ttiton Street.
"I "I C FULTON— 3 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
X X rooms ; complete; yard: sunny side: cheap.
ni)V4ra street.
,r«99 HOWARD — UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
<)-- keeping rooms; 92 to 48 month: water free.
TQ9/1 HOWARD— a OK 3 ROOMS FUH- ,
lOZt nisbed complete for housekeeping.
1 L\(\/L HOWAKD-2 FRONT COMPLETE '\
XUUtr housekeeping rooms; private family;
very cheup.
Lafayette Street. '
o-I 1 LAFAYETTE- 2 LARGE ROOMS FOR
Ol 2 housekeeping; rent 57. j
i-nrlan B ree;. l .;' j
49Q LARKIN ST. — sunny furnished I
\£.O rooms for housekeeping: also single: rent
low. . - ■ • ",•"■•
2Ua6on Street.
A\ Q MA SON, OPP. NATIVE SONS' HALL-
HO Nicely furnished sunny rooms; $6 mo.' up.
" McAllinter Street. .
499 McALLISTER-NICELY FURNISHED
housekeeping rooms.
>llnna Street.
fiAf} MI2SKA r- FU*RNT«IiED ROOMS FOB
♦ ):rU housekeeplngi larse yard. ,
HOCSEKKEPING KOO3IS — Continued.
• - .... Mission Street. -
mr» MISSION — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
J UOO suite, furnished for housekeeping; a:so
6lngle. - .
If )ir MISSION-SUN MY .FRONT ALCOVE
l-_ li suite, complet ■ foi housekeeping.
21 \{\G MISSION — a FURNISHED ROOMS
j£\.}\Jo »n4 kitchen; $12.
- iSatoma Street.
(»A~ NATOMA-3 >UNNY. FURNISHED
OttO rooms; complete for housekping; low rent.
■ '. ■ - - >in 1 11 Street.
til NINTH— FURNISHED FRONT BAY-WIN-
— I dov. light housekeeping; running waier;
ot her rooms.
' Oat Street.
JQ OAK — $10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
*1O panors; first floor: sink and place for stove.
Octavia street.
TAftO OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY-SUNNY
XtJvuroom; grate; xolding-bed and kitchen;
$14; small. $I.'.
Pearl Street. EBffllß
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPT. OCTAVIA— 2
or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
I'uwell Mrt-v .
q-j Q POWELL, nrTTTay- booms UN-
£7Xt7 furnished for housekeeping: top floor.
Bacraiuento Street.
9£fl9 SACRAMENTO - LARGE SUNNY
Z.\j\j£ room, furnished; exclusive kitchen:
bath; $12.
Seventh Street.
1 AC) SEVENTH (GIKARD)— SUITES AND
± J — kitchens ;aUo single rooms; newly renovated
QIC p-~7k '& FUKNISHKD HOUStKEEPING
»JI>D.OU. rooms. 653 Seventh St.
Meveiison Street.
'nr STEVENSON— 2 LARGE", FURNISHED
Or) I ' bousekeepin: rooms. \
istocJcton Street.
1 OAT STOCKTON ST.— FINK FURNISHED |
I «)U I rooms for hous ekeepinj; ; rent cheap.
-1 71,0 STOCKTON— 2 CONN KCTING ROOMS
1 iWO furnUheU complete for housekeeping;
yard: cheap.
'A ay lor -irro..
9 4 f\ TAYLOR-SUNNY FURNISHED BASE
-tv ment for housekeeping: 3 rooms.
' • * 11»ir<t street.
QQJ. THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOt keeping rooms; free water; good accommo-
dations.
Twenty -fifth Street.
A~i KO TWENTY-FIFTH. FK W DOORS EAST
t! O-. of Castro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
suitable for light housekeep no children: bath
and lauuary; ladies only; rent $6 a month.
miscellaneous.
MONTGOMERY. COR." CLAY — OPEN
•*J£r* until B:3' o'clock; branch office ot THS
L all: . fcubscrlptions m.i ant ads taken.
» vVEciK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TIiS '
A WEEKLY CALL, La wraDDer. for mailing.
ROOMS TO LET.
Avery Street.
6 AVERY. OFF GEARY. NR. FILLMORE-
Very pleasant front bedroom to let to a lady
who will take care of room herself, except wash-
ing : very reasonable.
lira 1111 an Street.
79 r: BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH-3 NICE
4 — ■ tj sunny rooms: So.
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AYE.. NEAR TWENTY-
—.4IO fifth— Lovely furnished loomj; sunny;
near school; $12.
Clara Street.
I r»A CLARA STREET— I, 2, 3OR 4 ROOMS.
■ ttlrty Street.
917 EDDY— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
-il single and double, /
1 1 l -lfi EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
I li)U front room; opposite Jtfierson square;
reference. :
eighth Street.
Q1 A EIGHTH. NEAR FOLSOM-3 LARGE
Olu rooms: rent $10.
SHB.KMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 tv, near Market: furnished and unfurnished
1 " i- Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INCANDEB-
J t cent lights: reading-room. smoking-room and
ladles' parlor: rooms per night, 350 to $1 60:
week, 82 to $8: month, $8 to 830; elevator on
office floor- rooms with hot anJ cold water: baths.
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
XV furnished suites: single: elevator, beaters, etc..
791 ELIIfc— SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET,
4 —X use of bath, In private family; rent $5.
I lit li streei.
THE COSMOPOLITAN _ SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to 85 per week.
.'. 1 vhom Street.
7 n n\ KOLSOM — 2 KICK. LARGE, FUR-
• \j\Ji nished rooms to let, $7.
• .. l'uiiou Streeu
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite; $8 «t $16 up.
: . Geary Street.
m GEARY, UNION . SQUARE — SUNNY
rooms suitable for Dullness.
007 GEARY. COB. MASON (LAZELLE)-
OO 4 Newly furnished sunny rooms; all outside.
Golden. Gate Avenue.
1 A(\A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FUR-
X^tv/tr nlshei room for two; rent $5.
—
. . drove Street.
JAO GROVE-5-UNNY FURNI-HbD BAY-
■ytUO window front room; ren. $6. ■ ,
Howard Street.
/»9O HO RD— NICELY FURNISHED
\J—*> front rooms; single and double: gas; hath.
nn 1 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURMSHKD
4 UI3 sunny bay-window; other double, single
rooms; reasonable.
1 1 A A HOWARD-FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
XXI 1 bulUs, $12 and $13: single, $*.
•Jessie rstree;,.
Of>C JESSIE, NX. FIFTH— I LARGE AND 3
OUu connecting housekeeping rooms.
done* Mtreet.
I r;i Q JONES— NEAT FKONT BUNNY ROOM
OX £7 for gentlemen or girl working.
Kearny Street.
A BLINGTON HOUSE, J27 KFARNY -
-V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable. \
llsiket Street.
YCSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PER
X night, 35c to $1: week. $1 60 to 95: families.
1 MARKKT-S U N N V ROOMS. FUR-
J uuu wished or unfurnighed. suitable for
Offices. •".-.'•
AlcAllister BtreeC.
"I 90 q MCALLISTER _ DOUBLE PaRLOR
x — ■- O ana alcove, with board, $20, or bouse-
keeping.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, SO. NEAR
VJ Mason-Sunny front room; $8; gent. \? A "
•la-.,,, street.
9% MABON-3OR 4 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
*J&\3 ing rooms, furnished or unfurnished: bath.
.■. A»tlina ettrea :". , ■
AOl MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
ttOX nished sunny front rooms, 95 to $9 month-
hot..ba^h.s. ■../.'.'• . - . .
(AtM MINNA, CO«. KIGHTH-NEWLY FUR.
Vy.l, nisbed bay-winaow rooms; $1 per week. I
'.'■* » - ". .' .'.."Mission . Mtr— U . - -
7£9 MIS^ION-F URXI S II D. LARGE
4 UO tiont room; tiicJ home for elderly couple.
HANCOCK 781 MISSION- fK.LECT
family rooming-house: 91 60 10 9<J per weak.
SUNNY SUI . £. COMPLETE FOR HOUSE-
keeping. $10. 821' Mission st. <-; .'
rr\HK EAST" LYNN, 1063 ' MISSION-FRONT
[ X rooms and others, housekeeping. j
"I I I ft MISSION. NEAR HEVKKTH -SUNNY
. XI X\J front room; f6 month.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Ninth Stree:. ;
1 Qfil NINTH ST.-LAHGtt, NEATLY FUR-
X Ov/2 nlsbed front room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and grate: $6to i B.
i oik Streo:."'
"I KQ9 POLK— NICE SUNNY BOOMS AT THE
±*J*j£ Oienwood House; cheapest rooms In the
city. MBS. KATE GREEN, proprietor.
i ost Ktreea. . .
RANTOLPH HOUSE. POST AND MASON
X\ sts- — 50 I ay-wl.dow parlors: smaller rooms:
gas, running water, etc. ; $1 50 to $4 per week.
heventh street.
1 %C\ SEVENTH -2 LARGE FRONT ROOMS;
J OU housekeeping; large yard.
Mlitl h rev.. .
9 A SIXTH. NEAR MARKET— NICELY ■ FUR-
nlshed sunny front suite.
D 'SIXTH— HILLSDALE— QUIET, SUN-
-00 ny single rooms; transients solicited.
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH-NICE SUN-
X ny rooius: .modern couv«ni«tices.
-I » C SIXTH-CHE A PhST IN THE Cll'V;
X— • » double and single fro.it rooms.
Stockton Place.
rpHE - EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUB-
X nlßhed rooms, single, $1 50 to $3 per week;
suites, $4 to »9 per week ; by the nisht, 50c to $2;
hot anu cold water, bath and elevator.
Taylor Street.
"I OH TAYLOR— LABUK KOOM: GAS AND
I\JU running water: 81 50 week. $1 75 for 2. .
Thirteenth Street.
1 70, THIRTEENTH. NEAR HOWARD - I
-1 • O unfurnished rooms to let.
Union Street.
1 1 n/? UNION-BAY WINDOW. 6 BOOMS,
J.JUO bath, 2 kitchens, $20; SO3 Uniin. a
rooms. $8
BOARDING AMI ROO3IS.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714. BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; rtfer noes: all modern conveniences:
Balston tab.es, It desired; new iiimiHKement.
41 9 EDDY— r-UiINISIIK • MAIL ROOM.
jiX^. with board; $20 a mouth.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MaKKET— NOW
open under new management; has been p.r- j
Until ally tinted, papereJ and elegantly furi.liliej J
throughout: hot and cold water In. every room :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice or carpets and furni.ure; the
table, under the supervision of Kowasxle. the
well-known French chef, will b« unsurpassed.
O( Q JONES — LOVELY SUNNY PAKLOR i
O\'O suite and elegantly furnished single rooms,
with board; Ir.rne windows on all sides: furniture,
eta. entirely new: water hot and cold:, sp end Id,
luxurious batu; new house; flower garden; three |
blocks from Baldwin Hotel : perfect home for Ren-
tlemen who enjoy comfort: mo-t convenient and ;
com foi table rooms to b.- bad: (20.
OOQ9 TWKNTY-FIKSI, COB. UtrBBHXBO—
OO<- Kay-window suites or single; furnished
or unfurnished. •
nO POST— 2 LAKH SUNNY BOOMS. WITH
— coanl. for 2; $40 up; use parlor and piano.
SUNNY BOOMS; OAs AND BATH: WITH
board; reasonable. 126 Tenth
i OjO VAX NESS AVK -\VLY FUR-
I C \'O iilnhei lunnv rooms or siiit'-. with roar.!.
CHlLl>Kl_> BOAUPIiD.
pLEASANT HOME FOX CHILD. NOT UNDER
: X 4 years of as;-, at 1727 McAllister st.
STOKES TO LKT.
Q. Ift ?\(\ 10071*. LAhKIN.COK N-
<plU.«Jl». tral: living-room. Ke.ly. 10-' I-Md-.
<3j-|U BTUREt 5 LIGHT KOOM*:. K>l\ls-
-<JpXO. lishedsaloon I2yrs. 911 Folsom. tir.Fltth.
AKUE MOKE, 'I SHuW WINDOW* AND
J 4 lam>- rooms: rent en y 922 .SO. 422 Sixth.
I ■
OFFICES TO LET.
j 99;: POWELL, CORNER IiEAKY— NEWLY
—•—<-' renovated sunny parlor suite; lurnlsbed or
partly.
EDUCATIONAL-
ANDERSON'S ACAOEMY AND SCHOOL OF
Mathematics: i>upiU prepared in .lav «nJ
evenint; c!asse< and by privets lessons for Callor-
nia ai.il Stanford universities:, teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
! ev'f; classes; matbematlca, nieunamcal dmwin<:
I high school pupils coached. X., 402 Parrot, bldg.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 <;cravla st., ;-an Franc.
■ Mlt-S ELIZA MACKINTOSH, rnpil of i'rof*s<or
! li. W. Baynham, Glasgow. Scotland, and -raduate
lor the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa..
I teacher. Office days, Friday v. v, Saturday a it.
HEALD'S BUSINESS lOLLKOH 24 IVST—
Bookkeeping, Lusiness practice, f.horthan4.
typing. telegraphy, languages. EDjllnh brnucani
*>ctr!ca! engineering; 10 teachers; 15.00U *r*iu
j ties; day and evening sessions; catalogua.
1 YKKtr. THh: LEADING* t-OLLKUK. Alt
\ J\. Montgomer7 st.: individual Instructtoi ' 11
J tborthand, lypin? bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. 1
1 lite ictiolarshin $5'J : It.w rate* i>er week and mo.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
] on stage. R. t> and 12 1.0.0. F. block, 7:n and Mkt.
j LEO COOPBK. SCHOOL OF ACITNU AND
XJ Opera, l'antomime and Actinz; study v: reper-
. toire and vocal music. »14 <Jt»ry at.
pNGINKEKINU SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
XJ civil. u-inlug, survey, M>mr, archlt.. X my
tauuht; PS.IBQ--1 A. VAN DXX NA1L1.KN.933 Mkt
i "13 an jot a if; hi TO j;k<;innkrs, 36 CKNTS
XI per lesson. Addiess A., box 76, Call Oflice.
MANDOLIN. (ip.TAK- AMaTEUK PLAY-
ers to Join c ud. Pi. OF. JltßKl, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERM AN, 7 5c ! PUPIL LEIPSICCON-
.X servatory and German High School. 110 nydest
AMY J. DEAS. 405 McALLI>TKI<- VOICE
culture. piano s 2 hr, classes*! uiu.
BOOKKPNO, \ViiU\Xli. AKiIiUU. |>K.UI. .
X><lar & night: iiocla«s^«; $5 month. h45 Mission.
SINOING; PIANO: PARIS GItADUATE:
French, <;eiman languages: $• mo. 109'iaylor.
GUI! Ait. Ma.\^ul..V. i-iANu A.Ni» Vuta.
Irssons. S.i ma Mary WesthaiiM. i.V Flf.h. .
OUBSCRIPTION!* AND a NT ADs FOX TH
! 0 Call, taken at brant u tin. kM liityea s u;
I open ucti! v-:.'.v o'clock ■ i : -Yi\
|. .
DENTISTS. . . 
I pKOOMfc DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 UAH-
\J ket, Let. 3d and 4th; **** operiiitiais; paimesi
! ex tracing, wiih gas, $1 : pates, $7 up; fill, $1 up.
Ij^ULi; SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
. years; painless extraction: sec our new combina-
. tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted Hi yrars: fill lugs. 50c; crowns, «3 jO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PAKLOUS. 24 Sixth street
CJ7 FULL SET TEETH: BKsT WAKE;
tip 4 .kept In repair; extracting free; tilling. ROc;
crowns, $0 6'J. Pacific Dental Parlors, If Third.
pROF. WILLIAM: -WRITING TO-
X night; 26c: sitings dally. 225 Geary st.
REMOVAL - FRED EVANS, THE Si ATK-
X\ writing medium, Is now located at 1122 Market.
POSITIVELY PAI« LE3-* KXTK ACTION", DR.
X HaKDINu, SOOSutter cor. :t«-1.ma1n5375
It. J. J. LEKK. 1126 MARKET til.; OfXCS
eveiilUK»: Sundays till noon, dentistry taught
COLTO.S DENTAL A-^frOOlA iION. bOd -tAit-
tel St. I UK CHAKLK-. W. DKCKKU.
i &7 A>fc.T FOR ■Jf.KIH-WAKRAMED A 1
0 I rood as can be made: nlllne $1. DR MMJI4
dentist li3u Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAI.VLKSS l-.XTK ACTION, We. CKOW.\
I X nridge work » specialty: plates $5 up: lSyearr
I experience.. K. L. WALSH. UU.x hls=i tieury.
; 1 R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST NX.'
U Eleventh; no chare* lor cxiractlns- «li«:i
plates are mnde; ' old plates made over li^s ueur;
Mela trom $8 i*r set; extracting 6oc; gas^iTea. .
Sh'V or "■'!£& in iiiiuUi «.*'*.-.»*• iv..
OH. a Ycuajt. IS4I Polk s:. V •
K.UtOiWit.W. LKEK. THK GENUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
1 •nd patentee of Unproved briuge work or i-*e.a
i wlUioutany plate, movea from ttto -U uFurretli;.
ALL WOKKj. BK A SON ABLE AND.. W/lA'
ranted. DR. J. W. KIT. 1320 Market v.
DISSOLUTION OF COPAKTSEItSUIP.
MOTICIt OF prasOLT'TIOK UFCOPAKTNER-
IX. ship— The firm heretofore existing under the
name and s:yle of JollN Ql) a Hl' & CO.,- doing
buvnpii In the City and County of San Francisco,
is this lay dissolved by mutual- consent, JOHN
Qt.".\ . T haviriK purchased the entire interest of
1-rederick GercKe In ti.« concern. /JOHNQUaDT
will continue shid butlne« at 05. 1814 and 1618
Market St., and col cc. all debts due sa:j linn.
Dated Han 1-rancUco, April 13, 1897.
:,■. JOHN OCA T. (SeaL)
Fr.EDh.BICK GERCKE., (Seal.) i
Signed, sealed and delivered in the presence of
H. H. L ■> A v THAI. , -V
f PHYSICIAHS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL, 1208: MARKKT. itEU.
«Btf4 25tii «v ; Oi»c«a«« ul vNvoic« a»{icci«aijv
PERSON ALS.-
rr'.HK CHAMPION WHEELMEN : --
i iookca.-.ei VITA OIL East wiih them; they say ■
"It's a Kre»i speed producer": cures-, bruises,
snralnx. lnunru-ss and aoreuess; unequaled: SI
bot, 6 $3, SiO gal., cbgs. prepaid. 1533 .tiucimnan.
_———_—_— ■ ~~—
inflammatory orchr-inlc RHEUMATISM and
neuraluia permanently cured in from ito 6 week*' I
tre.l in lit. at DX. SMITH'S TR'i-M AG- «
BATHS, bygimiicboarl; sunny looms. Go
and be cured, ARiUM,ISaaBUCH
THE KaFFLE FOR THE PIaNO OF MRS.
CABBING . ON, w'nicu was to have ta»cn
: place on \V. duesday evening, April 7. has been
] postponed lilt April 21; watch papers for the win- <
ning number.
LASS IN"HAIRDRESSINO AND MAM-
rurlnz now forming atV'Up to Date" parlors,
101.6 Market st. Par.or 1, over The Wonder;
special rales und satis- action guaranteed. '
■[RACIAL BLEJIISHhH." WRINKLES. SMALL- 1
X 1 pox pltllnrsand superfluous hair removed by
latest disc 'Very; suuken <• yes and cheeks ri od '
out; Laldni-ss cured. MRS. E. KINO, 5^4 Suttrr.
DRUNKr CURB GUARANTEED; t
•6ih year; book free. Gold Cure, Sacramento. Cal.
i * -■■ : _. I
MMX. KTLE POTTER REMOVED FROM.
136-' Market st. to S3 Sixth, room 17. '
1 (\l\f\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $1 50;
IUUU wedding wo k. HILL, 3- Va Geary st, '
* " " ' 1 — " 1
ADVICE FREE; DIVOKCE LAW* A --PEC-
' laity;- private; no lee v.ithou; enccess;.- pro-
bale, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale' <
damages, eta; private detectives, estab. 10 years.
U.W.HOWE, at:yat-ia'.T. tiso Market.cor.Stocktn
T'VE GOT A LARGE ENOUGH PATKONAGb: 1
X tote able to quote the ! . very lowest pr<ces for I
the very beat work; buir-dri'islng, a: y style, Me.: ■
shampoo and plain halr-dre«bin;.', 60c. ; benching
ro is or hair. EOc. ; excellent swi one 1 tor $1, $1 5j
and $2: t»i« b- t for 4 2 60 aid if a, gray* included. <
C. LEIiKRtK, 111 Stockton st.
MMX. LEON A— BK A PARLUHS: GEN-
uine magnetic treatments. Km. 3, «05 Market I
MM K. HOLLAND, PALMIST; MAGNETIC
treatments a specialty. Koom 1, 2i3 Post st. ]
I IIMII BUSINESS CAKD> PRINTED, $1 SU; i '
1 \J\J\f show cards. etc HILL, 'Jiii*, Geary sl j «
DOCTOB (fcXPE HI tNCED) WANTS GOOD
country location or position. D. E., box 117,
Ibis olnce.
OME, A«• RIK >L> AND MOTHER'S CARE. '
MRS. />K. FUNKE. 1416 b.ighth St.. Alam«d%
TRY ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
X tailoring; lowest prices. -'lßKearuy, upstairs.
"l\r ANTED— OLD GOLD FO X 3IANUFACTUR-
»V inc. O. NOLTK, jeweler, i'J2 O'Fa:rell St.,
i'.-?l-Pll «.i:EVE.-\'S OPE A SCHOOL FUR-
nislies solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the professional siage. aim fcr oratorio, concert ;
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
\ buildlup, il. rket and Jones, rooms 1. 1 and 12&
I| ADIES IN WAKT OF STItI(.TLY PRIVATE ■
J horse In confinement, week: everything
! found. Further particulars apply or address julßa.
! McLANE, 34*fce.l st.
I ■ .
RHECM,\TI!-H i-UKKD OR MONEY KE-
XV fuudeti: poor treaed free. 305 Eddy st. I
HAVE VOUK HOUSE I'AINTI D WITH Al
stock, no dope or iish oil: loom < pnpered fi
up wiilteuea.floO up pki>ered,graiiieO,va nished, I
$5 up. AMBROSE & sCHaaF, 10^9 Kearny su !
PELIAELE AND F.FFIiUENT DKTECTIVE . '■
XI service. R.ouislG 'M an.l 21; Chronicle bid*. !
A.» I»8 JKS-11. AND I.IZZIK KEEGAN.LATE ■
i»i with G. Lederer, exFer. hairc!re>B>-r, dyeing ■
and bl.aUi.ng ■• specialty. I^4 Va O'Fanell St., I
phone Bruwn 353.
SIITM TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS; $1 j
a week. N. Y. Ta.loring Co.. 115 Kearny. upstairs I •
TWO RhNOANED ITALIAN KEVrAU-
rant* combined: F. DELMoNTE A: CO.. pro- ' 1
pnetors of ;ho oil ISuon Gusto Kestuuraut, 4>l 1 :
i roud«av. bare consolidated with M K. ANUELO : •
DtLMONTK, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltailft at 430-422-434 Broadway, jut opposite.
HUKSCIIMIHT. JANUARY PLUMBER,
. ga&ntter. o'J3 Golden Gat«av. TeL,autter47L , -
W ALL PAPER AT COST: PA INTING, PAPKR- !
'• Imaging and Interior decoration* our specialty; |
best workmen only. "MKltiaAN." 130'J Webster. !
M.»-,\l<t.i)l 1 — NEW 1 lIOJECTINO MA- I
chine; us- s the ktneioncope U.ms; price re- :
duceJ. $:50. BACIGALCPI, 946 Market s..
hi.. I.'. I'DOUtt > 1 Kl.Ol'l It O.N >HoW EVE- !
-J> ry nigh: cor. Market Hud blzth sts. ; artistic aJ-
vertust-meuis in living light: promoter* of buji-
less. consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
I • ABTI.NIi TON -5 rCHOOL Ol- MAG\ZI.NE |
I end Newspaper Illustration: particulars us 10 '
Urn.*, etc.. 4'J4 Pino St.: Illustni:iuui '.m^isu*i
lor waijazinai. newspapers, etc.
|)LI,LuK A.M< JILI- UW-.li: NO PAY '
it until cured: xnnil for book. DKS. Ua.N» \
■ HKI.D A POKTKKKiKLI) bSi* Market «:..*...•. .
ELI CIKIC LlOlli'.-> IN KVJSKY KOOM; i
Winchester House. 4 1 Third sU nr. Market:
•iVQ roomi. Kio to »1 to i«r night: $1 60 to tti per :
vrtele; ireu biu and baggaso 10 and jrom the Jerry. !
( li-OAK*. KLhs A.»»« Mll 1 .-. KETAILKD «(
V wiiiiesalu tinp»t >«rtorv. JO Siniotim <t.
CLAIKVOYAKTS.
MK^ DX. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't tall
to kee her If you are Interested in the affairs of life:
if marriage, sickness, dciithi, changes, travels, di-
j vorces, separations, lawxult.i, business tiansac-
lions. wills, defdj -nut mortgages. 10->t or stolen
piopertv, lost or absent, trlends, Interest you: If
you care to kr.ow what you should do to be mic-
ressfttl, where yon should 1:0 and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may tie your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this Kilted woman and she will send you
away happier. wl*er and bolder than ever before. I
Hours oa. m. to 6P. M.. strict. S. B.— Satisfaction j
guaranteed by 11. all. Send stamp for pamphlet,
ftpetul terms. MKJ. DR. F. CLAKK, I'JOSMar-
krt st., parlors .5 ami '.6. "itk • elevator.
MilK I)H' THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC UEVKAI,.
>r by eftsj Mid rard«; tells emirs life, pa*:,
I resent, luturo; consultation* on all affairs: . coin- 1
jug excepteU;" names given: rood a«lvlce: curs .
help: ies:ores lost lov» by sympatliy: mistake Im- !
possible: :eesl: letter s-. a.V Post hi., nr Lark In. j
MJiK. AIINDT. GERMAN FORTUNE- 1 j
ler, returned trom Europe: lite, cradle 10
crave: picture husband, wife; fee 50c up. 957
Harrison st.
MMt. .MELBOUKNK. OIFTKD CLAIRVOY-
•int: never falis: call and be convinced. 419 I
Geary «t-. room '.".", -oi-uuii floor: onl.- 25c.
\l MX. Ki.MIK l> - INVITKjJ : Sk'KPTICS;
-»• clt-.irvoy ant and psychological palmist. 616
Jent-ssu'
GYPSY LIFE KKAIiKR. 3 SEVENTH ST.: '
laJiei •Jsc. gents 60$; all question* answered, j
M:iK. MORKAU. BEST FOK'l U>E-TKLLKR. '
medluoi, card-reader; ; 5c up. 784 Howard bt. i
VI ME. BAVKNA KKADS LIFE FLUKNTLY:
i'l.Liiisluess advice: names riven: a&c up.s Fourth
SEX A MEDIUM IK MIRACULOUS POWER ;
O ana luck; 'Jsc one price. 41 M'.nca, basemen \
MRS. MELVILLE. W KLL-KNOWX • CLAIR- '
voyant. 51 FUlh St.: water renames specialty. i
Miss PEARL RAY MOX D. FROM THE I
l»i lias 1 .: magnetic treatment. 7 Grant aye.. r. 7. '
X I. G X A Y. CLAIRVOYANT.CARD HEAD-
XJer and palmist. lltt'J Mission si., bet. 7ih and Bth
MM>:. SYiiiLl.K ThU-i FKoM CKADLK TO I
irrave;pictcrei plren:UdlH4 *.'sc: I 14 CFmrslL I
; , bPIKITL'ALISJI.
ME. OSM AX, BPIRITUAL MEDIUM GIVES
ltJUrmssages and advice on all maoer* pertain-
Ing to mortal affairs- 838 Mission si.
MRS.. HKUSSMANN WITiT&TITT. CLEM-
ens, others: Bru; 10c. 335 McAUJs:er el.-
skeptics invited.
I|l LARKJN. 8 P. M.; P. S. a ; MRS.
I'll Liille of Boston, Mass.: also test medlurns. :
MKS. .MAYO STEbI'.S. SPIRIT MEDIUM
and h»ajer. ll'^Vt Oak st.: n-adinrs i; to 3.
MR-. C J. MKYER, .526 MCALLISTER ST.
. tests to all; dr. 2toB p. m.; 10c. ;sil ings.
Kb. J. J. v, hxTnlTy, spiritual MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Biockton at.
AM. iiiAMJIN l-\bt.rt.sut..\i' . s>L\TE
■ writer.- 118 Halcht s'_; hours » until tf p. it
Ml'.S. H. A. CKIFFIN— CiK. SiUN.; liVK.- 25c:
teat rntc. Thur. evf. : nuts dally. 42uy 3 Grove
i . . HYrSOTISM. !
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, *7 50 : DTSEABMS
and nabits cured. I*l. luailtiiie, laiti Market st
HYPNOTISM CUUES WHEN ALL ELSE
tails; also taught. Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell.
PHRENOLOGY.
PKt K. BtUHENs HEADS CHAR ACTEK BY
the bead of men ana women us an ; open book-
•daptabUUy in bus.n-se and marriage.' 131 Mout-
gomery. St. o > ' : ;,
. ' ..; BICYCLKS.
mANDEMS,' '96" PATTEK.N, OOOd'aS^NEw!
.1 $70 . and . upward: bargains ., in : second • band
heels. .' Golden Ru e ' Bazaar ' cyc.e department,
E5 Ovary st. 1 :..-• ■ ■ ■'■-- ■■ > :..;-■ -. ; ■
• ;'"*.;■ "'hotels. ■'
IJROOKLY.N .HOTEL.' 208-213 BUSH BT_
I> board :iid room $1 to 4 -J. per day. «6 to $12
per Wefck; .' choice rooms 60 cents ta ■ $1; .- suit*
rooms lor family $i 10 SI !>U per ulght: -. tirst-claos
MriyiWt; Utc«.C»Ct». CilAKL£.y iiOMUOilL'ttl* j
CITY BEAI. ESTATE.
A BIG' MONEY US: REAL ESTATE. *.
•i- BIG MONEY IN REAL ESTATE.
;;.; IN BUYING
Good judgment must be used.
. .Doa't waste your money fLO.ishly. . .
Let us show you safe ai.d paying Investments.
•.-■,; $iOO
•Win start you to be a landlord. ■'- «"*-*:. i ?.
■ $300— Lot 2:.xl^ofeet; ■ oft &utier-sL car line:
easy terms given. " •
»IUOU— A corner: cozy cottage; sunny; Mission,
$2j00— 4 flats; near 3d s.: must sell. ~
52400— 7-room house un Powell, nr. Washington.
S f>s — flats on Hayes St.: sreat bareain.
$35 o— lo-room bouse on .Minim; rents $45.
- S-37U0— 3 cottages: stable: tot 50x114 feet: very
ch^-ap.
$5.. l— 2 elegant brand new flats: rent *50.
. S-i^OO— 3 elegant fists; birgaln-hunters, see us.
J6OOO-3 (la s on Powell St.. near Pine-
s".0 ..n— 6 . e»i flats. W. a.; rents 575. '
*I^.oi 0 — Kusine3* corner; fine improvements:
rents #102: 75 it. fro.it; c ieap ai US 000
$30,0J0-O'Farre!i, nr. M i.-un St.; 50x112; good
lmprovernen a; offer wanted.
$35,0 .o— Business property; block from Bald-
win: 50 ft. front
Other bargains at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
Q>-\ ||AA A FINE PIECE OF INCOME
<Ir;±O.' I property, near Polk and Bush
sis.: rents $146 per month,
. $6500— Sew 10-ruom housp, close to the park:
small amount down; balance same as rent; sizu of
lot. 25x:25.
$3800— 2 modern flats, Tremont aye., near Wal-
ler St.. just the pla^e iorayoung married couple; ,
any kind of terms. • - .
$350 '—4 new flats. Clement st: rents $42.
$3300— l heap a: $.000; cor er Cole and Waller
818. ; a tine grocery * ncr; 33x95.
1400— i-ouuerutb. St., near N c: terms; 26x115. I
S7.")oo— Only, for a corner 50-vara on Lacuna st. ;
• $750— The only lot left at this low price; ' iuth
ay-. f neat Ist : size 25x120. ENGLISH A MOP.-
KIs.Si.Y, 6_'B XurK.-t.it.
€t'-(n(» WILL BUY 4 LOTS, 27:6x00 EACH.,
«jptJV/\» in brocK 33, Fairmount Tract, near
Castro at. < Has. C Flbllhß, si/7 California . it.
$Vfin & 0xlo0; RAMSKLL ST., NrAll
m.yj\'. I'iumetto, block 89, City Lund Associa-
tion. CH AS. C. FloHEit, 507 California st.
SEE THOSK NEW HOUSES ON WEBsTJBE
s  bet. Va !e.i> ami Green: >"il!mor«»-s .
one block; modern in every particular; finished in
natural wool.; very suuiy; tine ruarln** view;
owner will show Louse to-day; small cash pay-
ment ii deslreil.
BOVEE, TOY & SONXTAG, Agents,
30 Montgomery st.
CC BEJIIS, ~
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
*. ' FOR SALE.
Choi*-* bnlldlnslot on Army and 27th sts.: close
to electric real.
J4M)-S*n Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
46700— 50x1-7 :6 leet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$5500—2 modern houses of 8 rooms «>ach at
lark; 25x137 :ti feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer.
SBSOO— Kleqaat NW. corner of Colo and Carl sts.
300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. i'lfltt ay. and C st. ; 109x95 ft.
CIJ7P./A COT i AGE A.Vn LOT ON 31 PROS-
«JP I <J\J. pect av<i. App y 919 Valencia st.
(JJ- 1»V (\ 104 ACKES-.IN SANTA CLARA
tjplZii'V/. county; ' must sell or exchange for
crocery-store or lodging- Jnq .Ire at 410
Keainy ot.. room 10.
ONLY 1 LErT— NEW JIoC&ES, JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole si., near Waller; 10
I rooms: large lot, 125 feet deep: street to bo bltu-
mlnized. A pel on prfnii«es.
MOXXI TO LOAN
A LOANS ON FUKXITUKE OK PIANOS.
! -.'v. In S. F., Oaklnnd or Alameda. at lowest rates,
j without removal: do rommissioas: no delays.
J. XOO.vaX, 1017 1023 Muslim at, above bixtn.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY ' RESI'KCTABLK AND PKIVATB
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. ■ Baldwin Jewelry
s. ere, Sib M:rkn st.: telephone Greeu 204.
C!'J(W\ f\fU\ AT 61) i>KK CENT ON CITY
0 O\J\Ji \J\J\> real estate: also Oakland: estate*,
; if* insurance, second inortgase, any sum. Mau-
br.ttiii Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
» XV AMOUNT: lbT. -U.Oil 6U MOK J'<iAt>i£4,
J\- estates, nndivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate: iurnlturo and pianos wltiiou*. removal.
McCOLUAX*. 24 Montgomery si., room 3.
WHY PAY 11IOM INT. OX >MALL LOANS?
■» We loan at. 65c interest per mo. on each $100
en 2<l mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call
! I IBKKAL ADVANCE OX DIAMONDS, J KW-
' 1' e.ry. etc.: low interest. Cut-r»te Loan tuli.-e,
r. 7, Flood bide, SOS* Market: lei. brown I<JL
j Q'-iV^ |W»M' U ' BANK LAI ES; IST AND
I <JP«D— O.UUU 2d mortcasen. estate*, rents, eta:
1 i.i! as low as $50. H. Ml KrHV. CM .Markets'.
I OXFCKXITUK*.; VERY LuW INTEREST;
; \J no commission. SCRIBNKK. 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KKAL EsTATEI
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pi le st., r. 3.
j C; I AO.OUO OX INSURANCE P»'Ll> IKB
! <3)IU low Interest. JOS. B. I OPLITZ, 33J Plue.
Q r \(\ TO fiO.000; LOWEST RATK; IST &2D
O'J"-' njortg. : any proposition. Dryden, 413 Mont
i XV SUM.' Wr UK 2ND MOKTGaGEs. ES-
j\ tut«»s in probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, st.
.\| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RE-
moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PI ANUS AND FUKNITCHK. WITHOUT
removal- very low interest 118 McAllister st.
ii.\AAfIAL.
ANTED— SSOO AT 8% PER ANNUM FOR
' » one year. Address M., box 76. Call.
Tt.TTLE £ LOFTIS, LAND AGENTS. NX-
X got late lot biO Market «•.. opp. Palace Hotel.
MEDICAI..
ALL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPKESSIO.V
(from whatever cans?) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers: borne In confinement: best care and
i privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
■ practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
• suppression never fall: every case guaranteed
! tukntion free, conilden.lal; hour* 10 to 5. pills^L
! MRS. DH. WYJiTH. 91tf Post st.. near l.arkin.
Di>. J. 11. JU>=.EJuY>', Tllii UKKAT SPECIAL-
is:, still oilers his valuable services to the uu-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured aid enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is bardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect euro. ' Ladies, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. t>a case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. Ills femaio monthly remedies are sure and
rdfo In their eff-ct*. His tried and valuable reme-
dies tor Jos' manhood are never-failing in their
action, ana are warranted fur both younx and old.
lie excels all others m the cureof private diseases,
over 60 years of practice enab e.s him to warrant
a ' cure in all cases. (Jodsu.i&.loh parlors. WUti
Market st. Call or write direct to SOU Maruet st»
rooms 11 and 12. .
AI'IIOC.'.SS'JIIAIIS J'EKKKCTLY HARM-
less; never fails In nay case of monthly sick-
ness, no naotier what came; no. electricity : hum-
tine or other <'anrerous methods, money in every
case refunded If a cure Is not effected: traveler*
helped immediately: years' experience: home: la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
lilts. UaVIKs, 14 McAllister su. next Hiberui*
Bank: hour*. 9 a. v. to 5 and I to 3 p. K.
A.l'llOCEaa THAT KEVKB iAILS TORE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few boars when msdlclnes
and others nave failed; no.: Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MK3. DX. DALEY, 11-' d
Market st.; ovi-r the Owl Drugstore.
A Saff PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IX-
J\ strumeut u>ed: every woiehii h-.-r own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no mat er from what
cause; rrsto es always in one day; tan be sent
and used a*, borne; positive cure; genuine new
prvceos can only be had at my office : advertised
aO years. UK. POPPKR, 318 Kearny k.
DR. LETS FRENCH CAPSULES —A.
guaranteed absolute cura - for all female dis-
eases (no mailer what cause): positively safe and
ran; 'no uang r or after effects : taken in time I:
alto act* as a prevent! W pried 91 LU per box:
sent free by mail on recuiiK wi ».i.i_o. \V ALLiitt
BROS..' ja Grant are.
DX. AND MRS. Wr.gpSXER. 626 EDDY ST.:
private borne; every comfort; separate rooms
before and curing coutinemua:; female coniii.uiis
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick re: let
for travelers; best care: :irns moderate: bahi»s
adopted )n good families; consultation free; pitUs£
Dliii. (.OODWIK, ft.PJiClAi.lt>Ts!. .'. JLADIK3
near or far; safe, quick cure Ktiaranteed, uny
disease cr complaint: borne tor patients; best skill.
iree diagnosis: low fees: 6elf-cura. 401 Van Ness
A XPEAtJ'B FBKNO'H PILLS— A EOOX TOLA-
A dies with Scxnale troubles; uodauger, sate anil
mire. $'£ 60expre»s C CD.; don't delar until too
late. UsOCKJI) BKOX.. Coast Ac?nts. OaWland:C.»L
AfeURK CLUE KOK ALL FEMALE DI9-
eases from whatever cr.usw: a homo In con-
finement with every comfort: satUfacttou goaf
anteed by MKS. UVVYEH, MM Tor.: «.
ALL FEMALE tOMI'LAir^TS AND PIB-
JA. eases of the pye perninnently rured at MR&
DX. ecOTT'f, 410 oeary st : consultation free.
]~\V PltAK'i KKMALK RKUULAIIXU I'ILLS;
U safe and efficient emmenaeogae; fl per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggiscs. 40U Clay •t.,solaagta,
DON'T FAIX.XO CONSULT 13A. JoKDaN At
bis mdseum. 1051 MareK st. : bis 30 year*
inccesstul practice Is a roarantMof fair treatmeu:
'ibewcm c«aea treated eatls:aeiorll/. by mail ■
ITNr-UKPAMsKD UKMEOIKS JfORFEMALE
| U troubles, disease*. WIiS.DK. l»UKT^,^64V«|4iii.
] »K. HALL. 14 McALLISTKK STB E EX.
17 Jones. Diseases of Konen ana cull 1: -a "."-
STORAGE. " /;
EDUCED RATES, FUKXITU >CE, PIANO 3.
XV bouse (ooda, etc.: J. U. I'lEliVii, 735 MKk
.gaatitf i«'u--«g'h»w,^»9^r'..t«j>L>yafc»>iij«.ii hi i ««i.ntu.»srx vu t l
.COCKIET. 1 KEAt. ESTATE,
rpo CAPITALISTS AND LAND BUYERS.
We have in our bands for sale one of the finest
tracts or truit land In this State, and it is offerea as
a whole or in subdivisions at lowest prices and on
easy terms of payment.
The rope.-ty is tu. Placer County, the banner
fruit county ot the State, near the main line of the '
central Pacific Rails oad .and close to the great
shipping point., of Newcastle, Rockltn, Penryn and
Lcomts. ;•..-■ -
The soil Is disintegrated craalte, deep, rich,
easily tilled and- in every way c ialiy adapted
to;iruit culture. It is comparatively level and
lightly covered with brush, whlcn is easily
cleared. While irrigation is not a requisite in this
section, owing to the abundaut rainfall, theie is
1 a 'arse reservoir and diich near by which will
afford those facilities :f r< paired. '
; The Climate is well known and cannot be ex-
celled.
The market facilities for the fruits of this
county are passed, and growers' returns are
up to the highest point. Placer County is now the
largest shipper of d ciunous fruits of any county
in the -tate, and with citrus fruits Is fast forging
bend to the. cad.
'1 his property is well and favoraolr known as
££«" "* cer bounty Fruit v olony Tract": contains
920 acres, of which ICO are in full-bear in;
orchards of the eh ncesi, v<irtetl*s Of cherries,
pebcues, pears mid plums, carefully selected and
planted for profitable sues: thebui.dinKSuie com-
to. table; the tract' fronts on three main county-
roads and adjoins the Whitney lan. is, which, un-
improved, sold in 18 38 at from $250 to $500, and
are now h!',-iily Improved aud valuab c in propor-
tion: as a whole this tin • property can be bought
for $75.w00. oue-.hird cash, balance on mortgage
at 7 per cent: if sold in subdivisions the prices
wi 1 be governed by character of improvements on
pieces selected; terms of payment as above.
; '1 he property purchased a-s a whole and subdi-
vided in o 20 to 40 acre tracts should easily real-
ize 5125.000.
On account of closing up a partnership it must
be sola by us as promptly is possible, hence the
low prices named, or further • lalormatioa ap-
ply to
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO,
218-220 Montgomery »t-, Mills building.
TTOMES FOR ALL. ~
HOMES FOR ALL.
Of special Interest to parties who have a desire
to invest or to become acquainted with the In-
ducements offered in country property.
A FREiS PUBLiC LECTURE,
Illustrated with colored stereopticoa slides from
original views, will be given by
3IK. WENDEL EASTON-
At Golden OatB Hail, Suiter street, near Taylor.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 14, 1897,
ATIEIGHT O'CLOCK.
Subject:
"CALIFORNIA COUNTRY HOMES."
"CALIFORNIA COUNTRY HOMES."
' With special reference to
ORANGE — —
AND "
LEMON CULTURE
In the footniilsof the Sierras.
T ITTLE HOME OF 8 ACRES, 3-ROOM
■i-J bouse, close to own, a sightly place, $700: an-
other of 6 acres, all in fruit,, hou?e, etc.. $1250;
one of &1/2 acri s, bouse of 6 rooms, etc . $1600;
15 acres 5 In fruit, creek bottom land, $2000: 10
acres iv fruit and vines, running wuter, $2200.
Particular .632 Market st , room 5, or D. U.
TWING, Sonoma Ci.y, Cal. . --.'■ »
ft /</) To ft*U: MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•IP a: V unimproved land: terms 10 snit: fruit, gram,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65. Chronicle btdg.
EA&LY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE LAND—
lt'oo acres of the "Wolisicill grant. "la lots'
from 20 acres 110, selling for $.-0 per acre on easy
terms: locatrd 3ml es west of Winters, cal. For
particulars address W. H. UR.fc.GORY, Winters,
cal. ,
BARGAIN; ALAMKDA COUNTY, 30 MILES
from city; choice land: fruit, vegetables, grain
bay; Bowing springs: $35 per acre. H. J. DIG-
IiLKS, 69 Columbian building, >an Francisco. |
I3TTI.E HiJJIKS CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
! on b and 1 I year*' credit, D. H. TWINU. So-
I noma City: every Monday at 033 MarKet sU. S. F.
CjX AN ACIlli: l'JBO AOKbIS TIMBER; GOOD
«IP*J for stock or fruit: plenty water. S., box 40.
TfTTLE4 I.OFTIB.LA.VD AGENTS; VERY
large list oi choice country property, every
class, location, for sale, exciiange;' houses rented";
rents collected. b'-O Market su. opp. Palace Hotel.
CKKAPKST AXD BEST IX AMERICA— THE
\J WEKKI.Y C.VLL, sent to any address in the
| United States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
I an free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOb BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
& 1 00 KA^H. 4 LOTS STATION
<pi.UU True;: streetcars and local trains; only
«1 down and 91 » week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
Broadway. Oakland.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL j
lrtiHvule; only a minut 's waik to the station; I
He the owners at their office in Fru:tva c for bar-
gains. BASSE IT BKOS., Fruitvaie Station.
SEN D STAMPS FOR CAT A LOG U Ks OF C A LI-
H fornla lands and homes. E. E. BUNCE, 1008
B oadway, Oakland.
QACRIIICK: BUSINESS CORNER. 90x3 45;
O on Shu l.euudroroiid; rented for $22 per month:
principals only. Apply S. jl. R,, box 18, Oakland
Office.
SNAP— *VSO DOWN, BALANCE $25 PER
mouth: house of 8 rooms and ba>h, lot 35x128,
on Magnolia st., near Fourteenth; must be sold.
L., c all Offi.-e, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fltcbbur-;. ■ beyond Frultvale; the best property
for investment now offered: local trams and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 40 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of dump
belt: soil excellent for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. ■ Before buy- I
ing In this locality «c«» the owner of this property
C. M. RUNKLE. 915% Washington at., upstairs,
room 28. Oakland. Cal.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THS
A'KEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
J* T., A3»rET> A. KiiAli rSTATF!.
O 20- ACRE TRACTS, LOCATED 3 MILES
—i ir m good town ;u Alan, Counts all deep
loam soil, very suitable for raising fruits, vines,
vegetables; will make lovely home farms; at $aOO
etch. .-.:<•
EDWIN K. ALSIP& CO., 29, second floor, Mills
bull ing.
hARG AIN; ALAMEDA COUNTY 30 MILES
J ' from city; choice land; fruit, hay, itram, veg-
etables, with living springs; 525 to $36 per acre.
U. J. HIGGLED 69 Columbian buiidin?, S. F. •
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
FINELY FURNISHED 11-ROOM HOUSE AND
grounds to rent, 1 b ock trom Morton-si, station,'
narrow-gauge. M. K. S., 1511 Central ay., Alamoia.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
...... -
MUST BE SOLD: MODERN HOUSK OF 8
rooms and bath: corner lot 50x125; nice
grounds; giand view; near U. C. and station;
owner has to go south; price 82730. cost (3500.
O. O. MAY A CO , 212S Center at., Berkeley.
Oik ACRES: NEWCASTLE FRUIT BELT;
OU partly improved. 254 Haven at., Oakland.
MUST BE SOLD; HOUSE OF 6 RO« MS; LOT
46x125: stree. work (.'one; near the station;
no reasonable offer refuse.!. J. J. MASON, Berke-
ley station. . ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
CA ACKKS, NEWCASTLE FKUIT KELT ;
OVi partly improved. 254 Haven st., Oakland.
OA-ACRK ORCHARD, NEAR KIRKWOOD,
— V TfhamaCoun y, with Kood house and fence:
i p etity of water: also beautiful lot In Golden Gate.
Berkeley: .*>oxi&> feet: 10 exchange for city prop-
erty. GEO W. AriMBUUSIKR. 2 01onigomT. r
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANT! D-TO BUY A HOUSK AND~Lcm
gOd location; In Alamedfl, Oakland, Berke-
ley it Fruitvaie: price 1000 to SiuOO on the
Installment p.an: >tnall par men t down. Address
H. W., box 185. Call Office. .Sap Francisco. .
31 AUItIAGK . LICENSES.
. The following mnrr.»jn Ilcoases hava been
Issued by the Coonty Cleric* office:
Louis Unternahrer and Marie SchllUger. 27—21.
Frank schilling and C&iherin* Kidney, 32-20.
John X .soaaei and Elizabeth a. Reid. 27—20.
. Belth H. Scon and Ida V. Stewart, 37—27.
Fred Kallmerand Cumille Nichols, 23-22.," -
Per F. Rockett and Juilett C. Sculw, 27—27.
■'• James Tro.ter and levins Miller, 34— 14. -
Chares d. A. Claeton and Alma Lv Anderson,
2-21. .; .. ■,■:.-; .--. . . / . ■.■■...;■ y.
: bilil li& — MAIiRIAOES— MATtfI"
- [Birth, laarrtatre and death notices sent b7 mill
-will not te Inserted. Tney must be uaadel la aX
either. of tba . publication offices »nd b« .ndorsai
with the uaroeana residence of i>er*oui autaonzai
to bave the same publish*)!. ] . . , t * '
1!OK!».
ARNBEIM— In this city. April 9, 1837,' to : the
-; wife of Joseph Am helm, a son. V
BOSTROM— In this city, April 12, 1897, to the
wife o! C A. Bostrom, a son. ■. .-:■--.
BAUK— Ir South' fan i'ranclsco, March 29, 1897,
to the wife of Anton BauSc.ason.
COTA— In South San Francisco. Aprl! 6, 1897. to
tie wife of Miguel Coia, a daughter.
FRANKLIN In this city. April 12, 1897, to the
wife of Frank Franklin, a daughter.
FURTH— ApriI 10. 1897, to toe wife of AIel»ille
Furth. a son. : ■ r •
HEINEMAX-In this citir. April 9. 1897. to the
wife of M. Hoinernan, a daughter. >
MEAGHKR— In this city. April 12, 1897. to the
wife of James Meagher Jr., a sou.
WEBER— In south San Francisco. April 10,
1597. to the wife of Gus F. Weber, a daughter.
WILDGANS-In thUcliv. April 11, 1597, to tb.9
wj-e of George W. Wlldgans. a son .
>lAKKiJiI>.
BENNETT-MEYER-In this city. April I, 1897.
by the Rev. .< ill am Hall Mor<:laad, Clayton
Henne:t and Gertrude Meyer.
BABMUS&EN— H ANSEN— In this city. April 12,
1897 by the Rev. W. S. Urmv, Hans Peter Ras-
muss^n and Annie Hansen, both ot San Fran-
cisco.
UIiSD. ~
Bristol. Ellen McDonald, Violet A.
Brut. Jeffrey Mcblil, James
Brown. Walter B. Martin, O;iaG. —'—
De Millar. Louisa Murphy, Mary
Dunleavey, John A, Piliz, vieor-.- H. Q.
Esee. E iwarj Royce, Mary B. '- :
Fraser, William S. Smith, Joseph F. ■ —
l'ox. Lillie Smith. Thomas B.
• Gage, William S. Saunders, James—-
Huttoa. Hannah K. feturmthal. Paulina
Kane, Mrs. B. Wooster, Frances H.
BRISTOL— In this city. April 1 2, 1597, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Henry C. Bristol, mother of Harry
C Clarence U., Frank, Ueor«e and Flora Bris-
tol, and sister of Mrs. Frank Judge and James
Sullivan, a native of Castietown, Barebaven,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years.
»2~The funeral will taka i.lace THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from her
late residence, 42 South Park, thence M St.
Rose's Churcn, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose or her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. ii. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '-"--,■• •
BRUT— In this city, April IS, 1897. Jeffrey, be-
lovea husband of Maria Bra;. and of Ella,
. David and Josephine "Britt. a native of Kill-
car ran, County Waterfard, Ireland, aged 45
years.
Iff Notice of funeral hereafter
BROWN— In Oakland. April 12, 1897, Walter R.
. I beloved husband of Nel.le V. Brown, and father
of Harold V. and Gladys Brown, a native of
Marysville, Cal., aged 38 ears.
49~Frleuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock A. 11.,
at his late residence, I*^2 Eleventh street, Oak-
land, Cal. Intermeut Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. /
De MILLER-In this city, April 8. 1897. Mrs.
Louisa de Miller, a native of Guatemala, aged SO
years.
49* Remains at the parlors of J. L. Godeau, 305
M ontgomery avenue, to be shipped to Guatemala
Saturday. . -f-.-.t.
DUNLEAVEY— In this city. April 13.1897, John
A., beloved son of Captain A. J. Dunleavey, and
brother of Elizabeth, Agnes and William O.
Dunleavey, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 6 months. . , '
£3*"Frlfn(l3 and acquaintances are respeos-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock P. M., from his late
residence a 11b Page s.reet, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. Fell and Fill more streets, for
services. . Interment. Moun: Calvary Cemetery.
EISJELK— In tnt4'cttv. April 12, 1897, Edward,
Infant son ot William and .Mar/ Eisele, a native
' of aaa Cisco, aged .-■ months. >
FRASER— In this city, William 6., beloved •on
of Simon P. and Mary Fraser, and brother of
Llna and irwin Fraser, a native of Boston.
Mass.. . a,'--i 21 ver.r< 11 months and 17 days.
[Boston papers please copy. 1
JS3T Friends of deceased are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral THIS DAY ( Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock p. M.,rroin the residence of
his parents. 2931 Laguna street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FOX— In this ci:y, April 12, 1897. Lillie. dearly
beloved daughter of Mary and the late ex- Police
Officer Peier Fox. and sister of Tesiie and
Harry ox. a native of Sau Francisco, aged 19
years 4 months and 20 days. .
JBC9~Friends end acquaintances are respn2%
fully invited to attend tn? funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1:SO o'clock p. m.. from her
late residence, 489 ingtuh street, thence to St.
Joseph* Church lor services, Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GAGE— In this city, April 11. 1597. William Steb-
blns Gage, a native of Madrid, N. V. , aged 65
years 5 months and 11 days.
£3" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the runerai services THIS DAY" (Wednesday),
at 1:0 o'clock P. m.. at his la;e resident c, 823
Bush street. Interment private. Please omit
flower*
HUTTON— In Alameda. April 11, 1£97, Hannah
X.. wife of John H niton, a native of »■..
Stephens, N. B, aged 67 years 1 month and 10
day '-
Friend 3 anil acquaintances are respec'-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. ML, from the
Ho\»ard-3tr<.-eL :>iethoclisi Epiacupi-i Church. 642)
Howard street. San Francisco, interment Lu.
O. ft Cemetery. 39&H&J
KANE— In this city. April 12, 1597. ■ Mr». B.
Kane, beloved wife of the late Lawrence Kane,
mother of Sarah Kane, Mrs. W. Johnstone and
the lata Mary Kane, and sister of "Frauds
O'Neill, a native 01 County Derry. Ireland, aged
57 years.
t}3" Friends and acquaintances ere respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS UA.\'
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock m., from her
late residence, 1"0b Silver street, thenea to St.
Rose's -Church, where a requiem high mast
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. v. Intcrmta;
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MCDONALD— In this city. April 13, 1897. Violet
Annie, youngest daughter of Joseph and Annlo
E. McDona!d, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 11 days.
McGILL— In this city, April 13. 1897, James Me-
Gill, a native 01 Ireland, aged 61 years.
MARTIN— In this city, April 13.1897, Otij Gib-
son. Infant son of George H. and Myra Gib3on
Martin, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months.
Friends and acquaintances are resptct-
invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, lii'J V 2 Cha:tanooga> street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, April 11, 1897. Mary,
beloved wife of Bernard Murphy, and sister "of
John. Robert, William, Maggie and Katie
Wnelan. Mrs. Henry Holland and Mrs. A.Weth-
erb a native of- San Jose, Cal., aged ;26 years
and 12 days.
JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
ful invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Me .\vo\r it Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services. . In-
ter meat Holy Cross Cemetery.
PILTZ— In this city, April 13.1897, George Heln-
• rich Christian, beloved husband of the late
Katharine PUtz, and father of Captain 11., Cap-
tain George, Captain l-.iml. Captain John and
Ado! pa Piltz and Mrs. Albert Kuhn of Chicago,
Mrs. H. Buetre and .Mrs. Clar* Schroeder of San
Jose, a native of Ho!s:eln, Germany. a^oJ 73
years 5 months aid 29 days. A member of
America Council No. 7, O. C. F.
49T Friends and acquaintances are respects
fully invited- to atieni the tuneral FRIDAY,
April 16, at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late rest-
aence, 610 Girard street, San Bruno road. In •
terman: I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOYCE— In this cltv. April 13, 1897, Mary Brain-
erJ, onl «■ daughter of Clark E. K. and Harriet
Brainerd Royce. .
£2~Notice or funeral hereafter.
SMITH— At sea, Marsh 31, 1897, of typhoid
pneumonia. Joseph F. Smltn, second assistant
engineer of the steamer City of Para, dearly
beloved and only child of Mrs. Rosa Smith (nee
KicM), 3 native of San Francisco, agei 23 years
a months and 16 days. [Sacramento. Virginia
City and Portland (Or.) papers please copy.
Buried at sea. - .
SMITH-In thl» city, April 11. 1897, Thomas
Bradsbaw Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 81
years.
li~i~ Friend and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the fu leral THIS i>AY
(Wednesday) at 10:50 o'clock a m., from the par*
. lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
SAONDEKS— In San Rafael, April 18. 1807,
James, beloved husband of Anna J. Saunders,
a nßtlve of lreiani. a«eJ 67 years.
aSTThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thur day), at 10 o'clock a m., from the Mi-
Boni.- Hall under .be, auipices or M^rin Lodge
No. 191. F. and A. M., San Rafael. Interment
Muunt Tamalpals Ceme'.ery.
STURMTHAL— In this city, April 13,1897,
Pauline,' beloved wife of Bin -turmihnl. mother
' Of Ernest fcturmthal *n i sister of Manfred S.
and Emma Kohiberg, a native of Washington,
D. C. aged 87 years.
Friends an<l acquaintances are respect-
fu lv invited to attend tli* funeral THIS D\Y
• (Wednesday), at '.':l5 o'clock p. m.. from her
- late residence. 1040 t oit en Gate avenue.. In-
terment ban Ma co Count/ by 3:3(i o'clock
p. m. train from Third ; and Townsaud streets.
Please omit flowers- _ . _ ,
WOOSTER— In this city. April 13, 1897, Francos
H., widow of the late Dr. I 'avid Woostor, a. na-
live of Michigan ;aee<t 67 ye^rs. ■ ;< ■.
IHTTUe funeral t service* will, he held THIS
DAY (Wednesday), at 5 o'clock p. M.. at tue
residence 813 Webs.er street. Interment bo-
noma. Cal. . ' ..;]'.
I NIcAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FONKRAL DIBF.CTORS & EMBALM
10 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3CBO.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
TS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALB
1 of burial puts and graves m Us cemetery ■ anJ
give deeds. . -■-■- '-", • •
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at th*
Superintendent's oflici at the cemetery, comer
Bush Mreet ami Central avenue.' San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETER?,
SAN \ MATEO ; COUNTY; ; NEAP.EST CEMB>
tery.tothe city; uou-soctarian ; In uoseeseei-
elusive; location uceicellsd. OOlcm Wi &JXIS
vurvec, wuiavMt coraur 9- *uum>
1314
PRESIDENT McKINLEY FAVORS THE LINCOLN MONUMENT
UNITED STATES SENATOR PERKINS AND HON. JAMES Q. MAGUIRE HEARTILY COMMEND THE
PROJECT OF A MEMORIAL IN GOLDEN GATE PARK.
The proposition to er.-ct in Golden Qatfl
Park a monument to Abraham Lincoln,
the greatest American Who ever lived, i
commanding the attention of 1 lie most i
eminent men of the Uni;ed State?.
Letters commending the patriotic move- |
mentcome in every day's mail to W. \V.
Btone, president of the Lincom Monti- !
raeut League. The re-pon<iv<> menage*
suggest that it is eminently proper that a i
monument to ilie memory of the martyr '
should be reared in Golden Gate Park as a \
lesson to incoming visitor* liom oilier
countries.
Among the letters recently received, and
published flerewitli, is one lroru President ,
McKinley, another from United Starts i
Senator George C. Perkins, and one from ]
Kepresentative James G. Macuire.
Men authorized to speak for influential
organizations of colored poople promise
to do all. that they can do in aid of the
patriotic enterprise.
What is most gratifying of all to the j
promoters of the Monument Leacue i«the i
favor bestowed by the class which Mr. :
Lincoln was pleased to designate the
"common people, whom the Lord must
love for he created so many of them."
REFEREE MERSHON
GIVE NO DECISION
But Waved the Tomahawk
and Called for a
Physician.
Incidents of the Commercial
Travelers' Association
"High Jinks."
Demosthenes Outdone — A Programme
That Would Have Delighted the
Festive Greeks.
A pedestrian passing the Alcazar build-
Ing, on O'Farrell street, near Powell, last
evening might have heard wafted on the
evening air ceriain strain! of music and
also of TOices conducive to the belief that
he had wandered into Bohemia. But no,
it was only the far-famed annual high
jinks of the Commercial Travelers' Asso
ciation.
From the drop of the tomahawk, fresh
stained with gore from the paint-can, to
the grand final bow, to which each mem
ber was forced to subscribe under pain of
instant decapitation, the Bacchean deity,
ably assisted and abetted by President
James Mersbon, reigned in triumph.
It was a "jinks" that henceforth will ro
Into history as the criterion of the organ
ization, to which all succeeding ones must
conform to be regarded as in the swim.
Preeidt nt Mershon, he of retail grocers'
picnic fame, led off with the opening ad
dress. As a member afterward put it,
"never in their palmiest days did old
Eimoon Cicero or Devastating Demos
thenes bettp*- succeed in scaring foreign
mndhens off the domestic marsh, where
their presence interfered with the solemn
deliberations of the Senate, than did our
NEW TO-DAY.
El Belmont
Clear j
Havana— l
Cigars
FINER THAN EVER.
FOR SALE BY ALL DEALERS.
. ALL COLORS.
TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.
RINALDO
&BROS. PACIFIC
CO . COAST •"
v "*» AGENTS
300-302 Battery Street, S. F.
Tue support which this class of people is
extending to the monument plan is so
widespread and sincere that tiie success
of the scheme is already assured.
Whatever may be said or written of
other Presidents and however much the
achievements of great military leaders
may be extolled, the plain simple fact .is
obvious that Lincoln is the ideal Ameri
can. Lincoln literatur •i* souu-bt, Lincoln
humor is solicited, and Lii.oln anecdotes
are enjoyed.
Lincoln to-day is a« near the hearts of
I he common people as he wa«< on the day
that he broke the sh.ckies of the slave.
Little incidents connected with contribu
tors to the monument fund r.ptly tell the
story. The other day at school W. W.
Stone, the principal, asked the children
to bring copies of The Call that might be
bad at their respective homes, as he de
sired to mark an article or. Lincoln and
Bend it away. Among those bringine
papers was a little French girl, the small
est child in the school. She held the
paner in one hand, pointing to '-he Lincoln
article and holding a naif dollar in the
other hand said: "Mother wants to give
this to the Lincoln monument fund."
I president in doing hini3eli proud on this
j occasion."
The programme of ihe evenine was of a
j heterogenons description. It was as fol
i lows:
Overture, O'Keefe Orohema of Oakland;
I vocal selection invented by r. Marxian bard, C.
Child*; rec.tation, "I Want 10 Be an Angel,"
; K. King; topical koiii; on members of the
. association, Dr. Alby; f.-ur-round contest
I with /oil, H. fr-ayer and T. Murphy; inspired
j remarks, J. c. Nobman, pre-id'ent Retail
j Grocer' 1 Association ; selection from the oia
i masters, Fcniii tlnriman; soup (>ij- courtesy),
C. ChiMs; funny remarks omitted by Hi 1 1 Nye,
WilberK. Kuapp ; rstmingrace (ior love), Alex
McVickerand Con Urau; iour-.ouni contest
(Wyatt Karp barred), H Deasy ana H. Wilson ;
song, "When the Cows Come Home," Sam
Cohn; alleged comic song, Riclmrd I. Whelan;
Rons without a name, J. C. Stultz, vice-Dresi
dent Retail Grocers' As»ociutlon : recita
tion, with no malice aforethought, Mr.
Sassa; remarks with eloquence, modeled
after Ineersuii, Hurry Roesch ; song tor
relief, T. Phillips; amateur recitation,
-M. J. Feahy; same, professional J.
Delmore; song, Rays Thomas; remarks
with a strhjg on Vm. Sam Jacoby ; banjo and
harmonica solo, after Unearthly, Ed Williams;
corporate remarks (:irnned), A. 11. Powers of
the Grocers' Advocate; vociil defection. L. L.
Dobbs; reactionary recitation, Fred Bailey;
hornet solo, Mr. Kennedy oi Oakland; comet
duet, with steilar vocal a'cnmpauiment,
Messrs. Donaldson and Fitzgerald.
No decision was rendered in the second
contest, for, as the president graveiy an
nounced, one of the seconds made a claim
of foul, and the principal would have to
be examined by a competent physician to
•cc if he were afflicted with hernia.
Several members wore ereat silver-gilt
badges, with the inscription, "Police.
S. F. C. 1. A." Pipes and tobacco were
on hand in abundance.
The committee on the "high jinks" was
composed of F. Griffing, chairman; E.
Dunn, A. E. Green, E. Sherrin and
George Haskins. Much of the good time
enjoyed was due to the efforts of Secre
tary Green and Chairman Gritting. The
former thought that for a "high" old
time the new Call building is not in it.
THE OLYMPIC WHEELMEN.
They Met Lait >'l ht, but Nothing
Was Done Kelative to a
Return Race.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen met last
evening at the club and it was expected
that they would take some aciion regard
ing a return race with the Bay City cy
clists, but nothing was accomplished at
the meeting.
The officers went into executive session
after the meeting adjourned, and the
question of another race was discussed,
but no action was taken. Some were in
lavor of a race, while others opposed it.
Those who are in a position to speak on
the matter said tliat they did not expect
to see a return contest.
POLICE EIFLE SHOTS.
Keault of the Monthly Competition for
. the aiebe Medal.
The monthly rifle shoot for the Siebe '
meaal among members of Captain Witt
man's division took r>iace at Shell Mound
ParK yesterday with the folio wine result:
O. C.Phillips 45. Smith Carr 44 Sergeant
Nash 44, O B. MerricU 43. P. J. Keys 43 P C
Peters 42, W. W. Wilson 41, T. A. Atchison 41-
Harry Hook 41. >
The medal has to be won three times
in succession or, failing that, it becomes
the property of the one having the most
top scores at the greatest number of com
petitions.
The top acorers in the four monthly
competitions have been Smith Carr. T. A.
Atchison, Smith Carr and O. C. Phillips.
Arrested and Diicliargcd.
Joseph Golden ana John Welsh, two young
men, were arrestei yesterday by Detectives
Egan and Siivey on suspicion of being impli
cated in the placing of obstructions on the
track of the Sutro road which caused the de
railment of a car Friday night. Attorney
Graham threatened to sue out a writ of habeas
corpus, and as there was no evidence to hold
the young men taey were discharged last
evening.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APTUL 14, 1897.
WHERE IS MRS.
DIMOND'S "ANGEL"?
The Lady of Theatrical
Aspirations I? in L3gal
Difficulties.
Sued on a Note Executed in
Honolulu Shortly Before
She Left.
She Promised to Pay $250 Within
Sixty Days at Any Bank in
Sin Francisco.
Mrs. Carey Higley Dimond, the Hono
lulu divorcee who cau-ed such a flurry in
Hawaiian society by leaving her borne to
become a theatrical star, and afterward
returning to tight the suit for a separation
brought by her husband when he found
that she had taken a manager with her,
has experienced her tirst taste of the
troubles that usually beset those who fol
low a theatrical life.
She has been sued.
Shortly before she left Honolulu — to be
precise, on February 10 last— Mrs. Dimond
found herseii in need of ready cash.
She had many friends in the islands,
and to one of these, Av«rd J. Moore, she
applied for financial assistance, expecting,
of course, that engagements on the local
stages of San Francisco would be plenti
ful and that she would experience no
difficulty in paying any debt that she
might contract. Even hiph interest did
not deter her from going into debt. To
cover the amount of her obligation to Mr.
Avard sue executed the following promis
sory note and turned it over to her friend:
$250. Honolulu, H. 1., Feb. 10, 1897.
Two months after date I promise to i>«y to
the order of Avard J. IJoore the sum of $250
at any bank in Sun FrTncisco, Cai., U. S. A.,
in go;d coin, tor value received, with interest
at 12 per cent per ati num.
cabkt Higley Dimond.
Sixty days passed and the note was not
taten up. Mr. Avard sremedto be anxious
about the mat'.er, for his agents had or
ders to collect promptly, and tboueh the
i phrase, "any bank in San Fraiicuco, Cal.,
i U. S. A.," was rather vague they worked
diligently to secure their commission.
Three days passed without the money
Deing forthcoming, and then they decided
on drastic measures. J. J. Raver was
| called upon to get the money through the
I courts, and a complaint setting forth the
facts, with the note as an exhibit, was
filed in the Justice court.
Mrs. Dimond'* effects will ba attached
to secure the plaintiff, and Mr. Avard's
claim will be aired in the courts, with per
haps some interesting side lights on the
divorce case, unless Mrs. Dimond settles
the maiter by taking Dp the note.
Impatient Landlord Irvine.
James Irvine has sued William Wolff for I
$900 alleged to be due on account of rent for
the premises known as 1346 and 1348 Markot
streei, in this City, from the Ist day of March
to the Ist day of May, 1897. The time has not
yet expired, but the landlord declines to wait
any longer.
They make a specialty of Bank Stock paper:
it has the water-mark. My sell-Rollins, 22 Clay*
M. CHARLEY IN A
LEGAL TANGLE
Difficulties of the French
Opera Company Im
presario.
Narrowly Escapes an Order of
Arrest and Several
Attachments.
Wanted to Take His Singers to Mexico
and They R?lused— Gave a B<nl
to C ver L ssi s.
M. Charley, manager and impresario of
the French Opera Compnny that just fin
ished a season in this City, departed yes
terday in a merry whirl of French pro
fanity and legal entanglements that will
not be settled until lie returns.
Orders of arrest, attachments, garnish
ments and c.-i-h bonds were as plentiful
as cherries in the season, and M. Charley
had the worst of the argument.
It all arose, according to the members
of the company who made life a legal
burden to the leader of the troupe, through
Charley's way of doing business. They
say that they were employed lor a season
that was to end in San Francisco, and
that their contracts read to that effect.
When the engagement was about to and
the impresario announced that be had
dated the company for a trip to Mexico,
and asked the singers to co with him to
the City of Mexico for a live days' season.
Some of the members of the troupe were
willing to go, but others held back and
staied that they wanted to go uoine.
They called M. Charley's attention to the
fact that their contracts culled for ex
penses and railroad fare to their starting
points and demanded the fulfillment ot
the contracts.
Then the impresario resorted to strata
gem. He held back a week's salary on all
of those who were not of his way of think
ing and refused to come up with the
tickets and expenses for their home jour
ney. He ailateo. on the pleasures and
profits of a journey to the Mexican capi
tal and jollied the objecting singers along
until the day before thfl troupe was to
depart.
Then the singers became desperate and
decided on extreme measures. They took
out an order for the arrest of M. Charley,
charging that he was about to leave the
State to defraud his creditors, sued out
attachments against the paraphernalia of
the company and prepared to battle for
their right* in the courts.
Prevost, the leading tenor, put a claim
of $580 in the hands of J. J. Raver, und
Depuiy Sheriff Byington was speedily on
the trail of the manager. Four members
of the troupe, Gaston Morales. A. Debtor,
C. Roche and Mile. Jennesse pooled issues
and sued for $263, and a writ 01 attachment
followed hot on the trail of the Prevost
claim.
M. Charley, probably by accident,
dodced tne order of arrest by taking a
different route tnan the one first intended,
and went across the bay while the Deputy
Sheriff was awaiting him at Third and
Townsend streets.
Before the train left, however, he was
overhauled, and believing that his bag
eage would be stopped before he could eel.
out of ihe State consented to give a cash
bond covering the claims, pending a set
tlement.
When tne train pulled out the company
was short a tenor and four minor singers,
and M. Charley was storming up and
down the car, swearin? fluently and ex
pressins his disgust in strong terms.
Later in the day Attorney Ruef and the
French Bank were served with garnish
ments to cover any money be,ongini» to
M. Charley that mignt be in their posses
sion.
Tenor Prevost will sing at the Tivoli, it
is said, pending the return of his ex-man
ager and the unraveling of the financial
tangle. _^_______^^_
A Ferry Suicide
As the 11 -.45 boat from t-an Francisco ar-
NEW TO-DAT
QUEER PEOPLE.
WE ARE NOT KEEPING A "CURIOSITY SHOP," WE ARE NOT IIARBOR-
ing "old goods," or caterng io the taste of antiquarians or relic hunters.
Ye have a big stock of modern goods tor "np-to-dste" buyers. If you want the
same style ot shoe we sold you in 1557, IS<57, 1877 or even in 1887 (whicn you no doubt
still hay» In the house, as our shoes iast so lont:) we are not likely to have it.
In 1897 goods for the folks of to-day we lead the world — probably turn our slock
more times a year than any peneral store, large or small. Two carloads a day is our
average output in dull times.
If these prices interest call or send promptly, as our goods go at a rapid pace.
White Bedspreads 40c
These are large enough and good enough, bat
we have bis<rr and belter on-s and also col-
ored ones If wanted.
Oilcloth 15c
This is standard width, extra quality, tor table,
100 patterns to select from, came o hand
yesterday, borne cheaper goods al liio If
wanted.
Parlor Lounge $5.00
We never boast of our eoods or prices, but we
do want >ou to »cc our nice ••up-to-date" fur-
niture before you make your spring purchases.
Bicycle Hose 5c
l hese are golf or bicycle style, stout wool and
cuiton, wear lilce everything; we only have a
lew si/.es left tor big boys or misset.
Summer Gloves 5c
These are the so-railed Ptlk Taffeta In nearly
ail shades pxcept black and whin-, either
m-n's or ladies' sizes; cannot be replaced
when cut.
Spool Silk 100 for $1.00
This is sood stlk und nearly overv coior >*\-
cept black and white Why pay 5c and 10c
when one cent buys theanicie ?
A 1 of Colgate's Pine Perfumery Soaps and Sachat Powders.
All the latest Novelties in Millinery Goods at Right Price.
Eastern Hams of the best quality known to epicures. Try them.
Pure Eastern Lard or Cottolene— you say which— we have both
Our Delicacy Counter is a great attract on to pure food buyers
Our Princess Foulards, silk finish, attractive styles, again to-day 10 cents
Ib^^^i*. till -V !|h E Ec3 > I B ■■ v&mi !
M^Bbd RS i 'HB S49f CTjiw Hwß r I - ) dßfiv I
W Goods delivered twic« daily— nny part city.
• X M: Kre * dellTery to suburban towns
B^B lIM KB / l'ree d(>uionatratlon of f.,,,,1s daily.
,«n / MM WSJ i** a and Colt '"«' ««v«d ire? to all who call.
'.\«^^-.— -^JXBtFISM J \ "reels checked and TeU-nhone lice.
V,^M By/ - Dining-room on sixth floor.
\^ Hr/ <iood» packed and «hipp«<t everywhere.
Please ask for our 40-pn Kf - list '
Iddress— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
NEW TO-DAT — DRY GOODS.
SPECIAL
Two cases GENUINE FRENCH BEIGE, full 38 rn^
inches wide, 8 different mixtures - - - - OL/L» yard
40 pieces GENUINE FRENCH ARMURES, 40 rn p
inchesin width, assorted patterns, blacks only, OvJC yard
One case FANCY NOVELTY CHECKS, war- rr|
ranted all wool and 40 inches in width - - - - OUC yard
35 pieces BLACK FRENCH CREPE De CHINE, j- f\
40 inches in width, fast black OvJC yard
Four cases GENUINE CHEVIOT SERGES, 44 j- p,
inches wide, in navys and black only - - - - OvJC yard
50 pieces FRENCH PRINTED SILK FOUL- j-^
ARDS, 22 inches wide, all new designs - - - OL/C yard
Three cases GENUINE ENGLISH CHANGEA-
BLE MOREENS, full 31 inches in width, spe-
cially adapted for Summer Skirts, 10 different Cp^
combinations - - - OL/C yard
25 pieces IMPORTED PLAID SILKS, full 24 p- f\
inches in width, 9 different patterns OvJC yard
EXTRA SPECIAL!
Four cases GENUINE FRENCH ALBATROSS,
full 40 inches in width, in Pinks, Grays, Lav-
ender, Sky, Heliotrope, Nile, Cardinal,"Creams QFT^
and Black price OOC yard
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST Sihttf,
_
rived opposite Goat Island last nißht a man of
: about 45 years of age, poorly dressed and with
I a small mustache, jumped overboard from the
j upDer deck.
He was observed by John McDonouch. a
1 deckhand, to be acting queerly, and so the
j deckhand a=kcd him if he were ttoine to jimp
over. He said "No, it would be cowardly,"
and then, as McDonough turned aside, he dis
appeared over the rail.
A boat was lowered, and for ten minutes a
search for the body was kept up, but failing to
find anything, the* boat returned and the ferry
steamer proceeded on its wav across the bay.
There is no clew to the Identity of the sui
cide.
Charming Auxiliary Song Recital.
Dennis O'Sullivan, the noted Irish barytone,
has consented to assist the ''banning Auxil
iary of tho First Unitarian Church in a song
recital to be given on Wednesday eveninp,
ADril 21. Amone othur ta.ent which will as
stst are NY. T. Zech, the violinist, and Mrs.
Carmichael Carr, the clever accompanist.
Ink, . - - - .;'-.;... -2c
One of the most noted makes; closing at this
price. We nave cheaper ink at lc a bottle.
Fashionable Dress Goods • • - Vlk
These are Colored Dimities and Colored Swiss
as pretty weaves »8 skill »nd art can Invent.
Others may sell as cheap, but none have. so
great a varletr to select from. • Be.tutiiul sum-
mer colors lor waists or gowns.
Ladies' Slippers • • . - - . (JOe
Full line of styles in small and medium sizes-
cos: to make them from 91 10 $2; : larger sizes
are out. We close 100 pairs, 30 styles, at BOc.
baQ^als, toe slippers, room slippers, fancy
colors and ha: -_ • '
Gold weight Soap • • • - - -4c
This is a full-weight 8c cake, none better in
town. Has largo trade everywhere that it is
known. . „-■_■•.
Self Wringing Mops • • - • ;• 39c
This Is the dollar mop. Those who have tried
It will walk miles and pay a dollar for it
soouer tban uot gel It. '
Russet Shoe Polish • . . . . 5 C
This is the famous Satlno! a -vied to br ng and
others ma,- get 25c Makes shoes loon like
Freud's Corset House.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS.
200 DOZEN LADIKS 1 PERFECT FITTING
FRENCH BtviUKli
BLACK Ai\D DRAB CORSETS,
' ' " REDIX'i I) FROM $150 TO $1.
100 DOZEN PKRFECT-.FITTINO BLACK
AND DRaB.KEOUL.AR PRICK $1 25, WILL
BE CLOSED Al 75c.
' "* " 1 1 /S)!t% '1 H rm\ * ' '
| lII 'P !j"
CORSETS MADE TO ORDER AND RE-
PAIRED. FIT GUARANTEED:
«3~ Vail Orders receive prompt attention, '
illustrated Catalogue mail. U free.
MakeNo Mistake in Our Address,
M. FREUD & SON,
742-744 Jiarket St. and 10-12 (.'nut Aye.
— — - - . _ __
*/— t^-^-jr* - TOlD Dfl PUV
/ag|*2|£v£. TOfs'G PO CHY,
*f>itBiHSsSsSBi§Jb£t. successor to !>». I. a I
ffijjjjJßgßßflßijFA 1 >( 1AI ' Itraduate' of
Canton iledica! col-
■H^^^^^^SHSflßtv lege. after a very guc-
Vl* 1 ' ies * ful practice of
g^ •' \»*lr Elan years in China,
K'inV i^iS\ &*~ bws I°' ate d la Saa
tl7///l *t lit Francisco. The snr-
S///jL- '' « fljf prising and marvelous
WtJß&b. ; 2/ cures effected by his .
jHtt /f herbs demonstiatp
MS&*!#\Sfi their potence nnJ hl«
l*TiaZ^. Jr -V. skill. Th^so herb»
rmßs3s!t* sz&i. rurt over * 00 Hf.fTf n:
Wwi<^47^ disease 8, Inc.udin?
ymjSS^^i'X) lirichfs DUeaae, Dla-
W^*&si&* ' betes, Consumption,
Astbraa, Paralysis,
Brain, Nerve, Cancers. Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsover are lnvue.i to call. -
Office, 727 Washington Street.
Office hours— 9 a m, to I. v., Ito 9p. m. . San-
flay, 10 a. M. tO 13 m - ■ - .
dr. mgnulty:
THISWKIXKXOWX AND RKLTABLE Oil*
i. Specialist cures rriviite.Nervous.HlooonndSkin
Diseases of Me n only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experieuce. Send for Boole, Patient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Boors, 9 to 3
riailr;6:3otoB.3of.v I cs. Sundays, 10 1© 12. Con«ulr«-
tiou free and sucredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE MfXtLTT, M. »..
28'_: tteani.T Street, S»u I rnncluro, Cnl.
DR. WONG WOO,
Chinese Drue, Tea and Herb it:»rim«,
776 Clay, r.et. Kearny and Uupont.
I have long been a suffer-
er . frooi troubles of the . J ___«
stomach.' Hver',»nd kid-: /tts£sg&^
tieys. The medicines of ECS&S&ihk.
the different doctors who " VJ^ '^Biß
treated me only aggravated > \
the disease, In elgntweetcs ' Bs C- *T
Dr. Wong Woo, the Chi- W»T* ft
neie doctor, succeeded In; \.ir" * r ' '
bringing about a perfect W" > j^S.
cure, and I am now In .he TTi^iyTTi
| best of health. J recom- v3li6tEifOc%^
mended him to m v comurv- :ii< *«-i : tSi\,?V
men, the Italians. ■, y 'Wjt''fi f!YV
AMADKO I MEOUKN-. . -''WP&M * '
• 18J1 Mission S. *»ir'iir.knt%
Hours- 9:30 to ll am,, l:3Uto 3, 7 to 9 r U.
ffS Chlche»ter*3 XacUak Dlamaox Krsao.
fEfyNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P -<S^V ' ' r Orlal«al »nd Only •eanhia. - A
, /~ it ftv\. **'*• *!"»»• r«li»S;». ladies uk S\
riill VltM Dragrirt for Chichcilsrt *. 9 li.A D\»- tfV\
f^mßr^Bg^t»cndßr*nd U Kt4 and Gcid meu:il«\'Sjf V
J&^ -~r>gjy)eiti luled with bin ribbon. Tab* VW
TOT Wb WJao •then. Ktf~tt dangaroum fulitift. V
I / flftiiM and imilttioru. AiDrnmin «. .—<.»,
I S Jf in «l»mpf tor partt«i>lsri, fatttiaikiali •»«
V™ JLr *R*U*f fbr Ladles." in Uttt*. br r^nn
-V —Jr MailiO-000 Ttwlinoiil.u jV«m/?K«r
|^r^To3lle a eiito>>«tiwdcalCo.,lt 4Uo.
MkriifUiiivcutuu, rwirt.Virt