voLulr A v Lxx^-]&a-~*#«f
WAR GODS STILL
FROWN UPON
THE HELLENES
Edhem Pasha's Army Moves
Forward and Invests
Larissa. I
GREEK WARSHIPS BOMBARDING
COAST TOWNS.
Eastern Squadron Effects the Capture of a
Macedonian Port — Russian Waships
Will Pass Through the
Dardanelles*
us far the fortunes of war have been with the Moslem. The
defeat of King George's forces in Thessaly is serious in its conse
quences. Added to the loss of 3lilouna Pass, the Christians have been
eed to abandon Turnova to the Turks. This has opened the way
to Larissa for Edhem Pasha's force, and Larissa, th; Greek head
quarters in Thessaly, is now besieged by the Turks.
i sea the Greeks have met with no serious resistance. The
te. fearing the power of the Greek fleet, h is ordered the Turkish
warships to avoid a conflict. Th- Hellenic Eastern squadron has re
duced and captured Platomona, a town in Macedonia, just over the
borders of Thessaly. It is the intention of the commander of the fleet
to attack all coast towns of importance northward until Salonica is
reached.
The Cireeks have captured Fillipiada, in Epirus. Before evacuat
ing the Turks burned the town.
Both Edhem Pasha and Prince Constantine have called for re
eaforcements. The Turkish reserve at Salonica has been ordered
forward and the Greek gendarmerie has marched from Athens.
Russia has asked for permission to permit the Russian Black Sea '
fleet to pass through the Dardanelles.
GREEK REVERSES.
Edhem Pasha's Force Clears the
Way to the Larissa Head-
quarters.
LONDON, Enc;., April 21.— There is no
longer any doubt that the disaster that
has befallen the Greek army in Thessaly
is overwhelmins and irretrievable. The
Turkish army, under command of Edhem
Pasha, is not only in i :>sse?sion of Milo
una Pass, but has captured Tyrnova, the
only obstacle on the road to Larissa, the
headquarters of the Greek army.
The latest reports indicate that the lat
ter place is invested by the Turks. The
Greek forces in the viciniiy of Laris*a are
stated to be in full retreat. It Larissa is
taken (and as it is not fortified there
seems to be nothing to prevent its falling
into the hands of the Moslems) the whole
scheme of Greek frontier delense collapses.
There is no second line of defense on the
hills of Thessaly and unless the Greeks
make a stand on the broad plains against
superior numbers the whole province
must be abandoned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
The next line of delense in ancient times
was Thermopylae, but the pass at Tner
mopylae has disappeared, and alluvial de-
Dosits from the river Spercheiog make a
bioad plain where once the sea washed al
mo3l against the mountain. With
Thessaly lost, the next stand can be made
only at Tlieb?s, but nobody believes
Europe will allow the Turks to carry the
invasion bo far.
It is practically certain that Ed hem
Pasha will not advance beyond Larissa
until he has dealt with the large Greek
force which are still hghting wit:i much
success at Bogatzi and Reveni. and which
would seriously threaten his flank and
rear.
There is stil! much tighting to be done
before the Turkscan pu-h on to Athens. It
is apparent to everybody that the Greeks
are badly led, and the effect of this lack of
efficient commanders upon the troops is
already disheartening. Thisaione almost
ensures a continuance of Turkish victories
and the inglorious collapse of the Greek
cause. Th.' same effect has already been
produced on the friends of Greece
Map of the Epirus Frontier, Showing the Greek Advance Toward
Janina.
Colonel Manos. Gre~k commander, with 25,000 men, crossed the frontier, which is
here formed by the Artu River, at Syraku, about eighteen miles southeast of the ci v
j of Jat:ina and within easy striking distance of the only highway from Janina to Pre-
I visa, townrl which movement was made. From Syraku the Greek army ie within
n»ach of quick support from Kalabak and Trikkala Dy two fairly good roads. The
movement is of most importance, as it cuts off the retreat of the Turks from Previsa
and the lower Arta country.
throughout Europe. Tne lamentable
misfortuiies of the Greeks Have silenced
lin great part the popular sympathy
which was so widespread until two days
I ago.
One sou.cc of serious disappointment to
the Greeks is their failure to bring about
• an uprising of the natives of Mai edonyt
: and to secure the aid of the Balkan stales.
The great puwers, especially Russia, suc
ceeded in assuring the neutrality of the j
lVdknn states before war was declared,
and this fact is the chief reliance of the
powers against a spread of the war. Even
■ir nit friends of Greece admit that her
cause is hopeless without the aid of thebe
states or other outside aid.
The question now being debated in the
newspapers and diplomatic circles is, How
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1807.
Birdseye View of a Portion of Thessaly, Showing the Country From Larissa to Reveni Pass.
This is where the tide of battle ebbed and flowed during yesterday and the day before. In the distance to the right i« the city of Turnavo, which me GreeKs have
struggled so hard to hold a/rainst the great lorce Edhem Pasha led against them. The city lies on the north bank of the Xerias River, which empties into the Peneus
tome miles beyond.
To the left of Turnavo lies the range of mountains some 2000 to 2500 feet high, along whose crests runs the frontier line. These mountains are broKen by two
passes, Milouna Pass in tbe distance to the norlh, and lleveni Pass, two miles west of Tarnnvo. The roads leading through these passes unite at Turnavo. They being
carried by the Turks made that town untenable for tbe Greek-, who, in spite of their splendid action and success at Damassi, have been compelled to fall back to Larissa
andfr eyond.
soon will the powers interfere? Free
speculation is also indulged in as to when
the Greeks will cry "Enough" and appeal
to Europe to save them from tinal humili
ation.
Greek successes continue in Epirus and
two or three other point?, but they are
futile in view of tne disaster in Tbes«aly.
The most eiasperat;ng news of the day is
that the Greek eastern fleet is wasting its
energies in bombarding Platomona. when
it mi^bt be annexing the more important
city of Salonica or making a glorious
attempt to force tbe
All Europe now regards the Turkish
army as virtually an instrument In the
hands of the powers to punish Greece for
daring to interpose opposition to their
almighty will. Nobody seems to consider
the possibility that the instrument may
get beyond control. The Greeks are to be
soundly thrashed and then everything
will be all right, according to cold-blooded
diplomacy.
PLATOMONA REDUCED.
Greece's Eastern Squadron Suc
cessful In Its Bombardment
of the Town.
ATHENS, Greece, April 21.— 1t was re
ported this afternoon that the eastern
squadron of the Greek fleet was bombard
ing Platomona, on the western side of the
Gulf of Salonica, in Macedonia, just over
the border from T.ies-aly. A dispatch
this evening says the bombardment has
been successful. A force was landed from
the Greek warships alter the Turks had
been compelled to evacuate the fort com
manding the town. The Greeks occupied
the fort, seizing and destroying a consid
erable aaantity of munitions of war. which
the Moslems were obliged to sacrifice in
their flight.
The east?rn squadron, which is oper
ating in the Quit of Salonica will, it is
said to-night, proceed northward from
Patomona to bombard Letbokarya, after
which a naval attack will be made on
Katarina, a little further north.
From present indication* it appears to
be the inteniion of the commander of the
fleet to attack all coast towns of any im
portance northward until Salon ica is
reached. Critics of naval operations de
clare the first attack should have Leen
made upon Salonica, the capture of which
would have meant the cutting off of the
supplies of the Turkish army in the field
which was us ng Salonica as its principal
base.
DUEL OF ARTILLERY.
Greek Gunners Silence a Turkish
Battery or Four Pieces
at Arta.
CORFU, Greece. April 21.— Details have
reached here of a fiercely contested artil- 1
J lery duel, which took plac* at Arta on
Monday, between the Greet hill batteries
behind Arta and the Turkish batteries
across the river Artinos.
Three > f four Turkish batteries were
silenced in the earlier hours of the en
i garment, and, after six hours' fighting,
j the fourth battery, consisting of six gun«,
i under command of a Geimaa officer, was
! compelled to ce:ise firing.
Tlie Greek batteries ngereeated fifteen
I euns. The gunners of both sides stood
j stubbornly to their work. The Greeks
, poured a hailstorm of shells into the
i woods across the r; v cr to dislodge the
Turkish infantry before they began their
adTance. The Turks retreated at sunset
, and 40,000 Greek in iantry, with a squad
ron of cavalry and a battery of field artil
i lery, crossed the river early Tuesday
J morning.
Near the mouth of the river on the
i Turkish side the Turks were overtaken
j and a sharp battle ensued, in which the
losses on both sides were very heavy.
The Greeks scored a slight advantage, but
the result was indecisive. Shells from
the Turkish batteries wrecked the Lome
of 100 Greeks.
RUSSIAN SHIPS TO MOVE.
The Czar Asks for Permission to
Send a Fleet Through the
Dardanelles.
BERLIN, Germany. April 21.— The Sul
tan has been asked by the Russian Gov
ernment to permit the Russian Black Sea
fleet to pass through the Dardanelles. It
is reported to-night that the Baltic fleet is
also ready to start under sealed orders.
GREEKS HOLD PASSES.
Constantino Wires That the Ad-
vance of the Turks Has Been
Blocked.
ATHENS, Greece, April 21.— 1t ia re
ported that the Greek army in Epirus has
occupied the town of Fillipiada, north
west of Arta. The Turks, before quitting,
burned th» town. Colonel Nanoa has
hoisted the Greek flat; there.
Despite the Turkish reDorts that the at
tack by Greek warships upon Preveza, at
the entrance of the Gulf of Arta, had
been abandoned, it was declared this
evening that a heavy bombardment is
still going on.
At 8 p. sc. this dispatch from Crown
Prince Consuntine, coramander-in-chief
of the GreeK forces, was made public:
"Every road by which the Turks can de
scend to the Thessalian plain tias been se
cured by the concontration of our troops.
I cannot telegraph at length. Am fight
ing myself, and so is Nicholas."
The Crown Prince's dispatch also said:
"We have kept all our positions. Situa
tion to-day excellent."
The Greek Government is straining
every nerve to put into the fk>ld eveiy
man capable of bearing arms, in order to
attempt to drive the Turks from Thessaly.
The gravity of the situation is fully rec
og.iizeJ. To-day the last cia ses of the
reserves were sv.mmoneJ to join the colors.
Various call 3to arms have heretofore been
responded to with alacrity, and it is
thought that in a few days every man ca
pable of striking a blow in defense of his
country will De on his way to the front.
RESERVES SENT FORWARD.
Edhem Pasha Calls Upon Constan
tinople to Dispatch Re
enforce man ts.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turret. Aoril
21. — The Military Commission has been
sitting continuously at the Yildiz Kio«>k
since yasterday. It is reported that Ed
hem Pasha has asked the Government to
send him 40 000 re-enforcement*. This is
taken to indicate that he now expects to
meet with more stubborn resistance than
was ant cipated. In accordance with the
request orders have been sent to hurry
forward the reserves at Salonica to the
frontier. The Military Commission has
considered the advisability of mobilizing
fort> more battalions and enrolling volun
teers.
The stnrdy resistance of the Greeks has
Continued on Second Jfagc
OELRICHS WILL
DAZZLE NEWPORT
About to Erect the Most
Beautiful Palace in
the Country.
The Site Once the Home of
Bancroft, the Famous
Historian.
Nothing: That Art and Money Can
Conceive Will Be Found
Wanting:.
NEWPORT, R. 1., April 21.— Mr. and
Mrs. Herman N. Oelrichs have decided to
build at Newport one of the most magnifi
cent palaces that art and money can con
ceive. The site is the Bancroft estate,
adjoining the old Kramer place, which
was recently purchased by Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Payne Whitney, and has a historic
interest aside from its delightful location.
Before it passed into the hands of the
Oelrichs it was the home ol the famous
historian, and in the old-fashioned cottage
which is soon to be torn down Bancroft
performed some of the most important of
his literary labors. It is situated on the
cliffs in full view of the ODen sea. and is
separated from Beccbwood, Mrs. William
Astor's place, only by the recent Whitney
purchase. It is promised that the Oel
richs house will exceed in beauty and
grandeur an v thine here, not excepting
the famous marble palace of the Vandvr
bilts. Ground will be broken soon. It is
intended to have mou of the decorations
done abroad.
SLAIN BY BILL'S BROTHER.
Killing of Ike Rogers, the Man Who Cap
tured the Cherokee Out/aw, by
Young Goldsby.
FORT GIBSON, I. T., April 2L— lke
Rogers, the man who captureu the notori
ous Crawford Goldsby. alias CheroKee
Bill, was killed here to-day by Clarence
(Joldsby, ihe brother of the noted outlaw.
There has been bad blood between the
Goldsby family and Rogers since the cap
ture of Bill. The Goldsbys live here. The
Cherokee freeclmen payment is now in
RAILWAY STATION AT SALONIKA.
Salonika has but one line of railroad, which run* up the Vardar River to Usknb
and thence across the Servian frontier through Vrania to Nisch, where it connects
with the line from Constantinople and Adrianople to Belgrade, Buda-Pesth and
Vienna. It ha«< been proposed for some time to exten l the branch of that road from
Demotion to Dede-Agalch, on the sea coast, near the mouth of the Marliza River, on
to Salonika, Out there no work of construction has ever been done, and the gap of 180
miles Bus 1 , be covered by the wagon road over the mountains or by sea transporta
tion. Tois lack of railway facilities has been a threat source of expense to Turkey on
this occasion. There being no railroad west of Salonika or south of it, all military
BUDDlies for the Turkish army at Elassona, Greveoa and other points west have had to
be transported by wagons and packhorses over rough mountain roads, some of which
were built by the Kumas and have bad but little repair since.
progress. The wife and daughter of
Rogers were at the payment, and youne
Uoldsby evidently knew that Rogers
would arrive or. the train to-day.
When Rogers stepped off the train he had
his Winchester in his left hand and
greeted some acquaintances in the crowd.
Suddenly Goldsby leveled a pistol and
fired at close range, the bullet breaKing
Rogers' bact and he fell on the platform.
The crowd, numbering perhap* 100, began
scattering. Golasby then rushed up to
prostrate form of his victim and nred lour
more shots into his body. He then picked
ud the gun Rogers dropped, darted under
the cars and ran. Several deputy mar
shals who were present fired tilty or sev
enty-five shois at him as he fled.
He returned tire two or three times.
Up to midnight he bad not been captured.
Jolley Elliott, a freedman, who was one
of the spectators, was shot in the jaw by a
stray bullet. Young Goldsby's mother
was in Fort Smith when the tragedy
occurred. When notified the news did
notappear to excite her in the least. She
merely remarked, '•! have seen one son
hanged and I guess I will see another
one."
She said, however, that Clarence had a
right to kill ttogeri and seemed elated
that he had dona so. She took the train
for this town this afternoon.
Rogers was a Cherokee negro and had
been considered a peaceable citizen.
Goldsby is 21 years old and had always
been considered an inoffensive boy. To
day's traeedy recalls the reign of terror in
Indian and Oklohama Territories while
tne famous Cook sang held forth. Chero
kee Bill was a member of this desperate
pang of border desperadoes and succeeded
to the leadership upon the capture of Bill
Cook, who is now in the penitentiary.
JUH.V HA\ » LLVOMJBD.
.V-tr Enibrtfadnr to > nglan-t Formally
Greeted nt Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON, BSCL, April 21.—
When the American line steamer St.
Paul, from New York April 14, reached
her dock at 12:30 r. m. to-day, Henry
White, secretary of the United States em
bassy ; J. R. Carber, second secretary of
the embassy, and the Mayor of Southamp
ton corporation of this city, boarded the
ship and were introduced to Colonel John
Hay, United States Embassador to the
Court of tit. James, by the United Stnie-i
Consul here, Warner 8. Kincaid. The
Mayor heartily welcomed tlie Embass.i
dor and presented him with a photograph
of a painting representing the departure
of the Mayflower. -
Ofntru't Sentence Commuted
HARRISBDRG. Pa.. April 21.— James
B. Gentry, the slayer of Actress Madge
Yorke, who was to be hanged Thursday,
Lad his sentence commuted to imprison
night on the ground that Gantry, at the
lime cf killing his sweetheart, was insane.
meat for li.'c by the Boar 1 of Pardons last
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CRUSHING
DEFEAT OF
SPANIARDS
Colonel Rizo's Column
Almost Annihilated
by Cubans.
TEN DAYS' BATTLE IN"
PUERTO PRINCIPE.
Eight Hundred Regulars Fall
Before the Forcss of the
Insurgents.
SURVIVORS FIERCELY ASSAILED
IN THEIR FLIGHT.
Roads Which They Traversa
Lined With the Corpses of
the Slain.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 21.— Advices
have just been received of a remarkable
ten-day battle in Puerto Principe Prov*
ince, in which nearly 1000 Spaniards were
tilled.
Early on the morning of April 2 Spanish
Colonel RiRO met a strong Cuban detach
ment near Puerto Principe City. He sent
cavalry to surround it, but this force was
soon repulsed by another Cuban force
ambushed in the estate Las Dehcas. The
Spanish commander then marched to a
neighboring estate called El Silencio and
there withstooa the fire from the insur
gents all day, answering their volleys with
the Spanish now-improved rifles. At
night the tiring ended and the insureenta
retired to Los Caciques, a small village a
half-mile from El Silencio.
April 3, at noon, the Spanish reached
Los Caciques, and after two hours' con
stant tiring the insurgents retired again,
this time to the estate La Esperanza, six
miles from Puerto Principe.
Encouraged by his success Colonel Rizo
marched on La Esperanza also, reaching
it at 5 P. M.. and opening a sharp tire.
The further he advanced into the estate
the more numerous he found the Cubam,
who were tiring on his column from all
sides. He attempted to dislodge one of
their detachments from a hill by a bayonet
charge, but was repulsed with heavy loss.
As the insurgents' cavalry force had
been considerably re-enforced the Span*
iards formed a square to escape annihila
tion. In this position they were Bur
rounded. With the opposing forces fifty
yards apart heavy tiring was exchanged
throughout the night.
At dawn on April 4 Rizo succeeded in
breaking tne Cuban lines and escaping to
the estate of Los Cocos, the Cubans hotly
pursuing. The Spanish rear guard
answered the Cuban fire until the Guayabo
estate was reached, but it was dispersed
and the main body had to resist a new
attack.
The Spaniards were then very tired and
had lost 300 men. For three days, not
withstanding they were exhausted, they
fought in Guayaba, and then fled to tha
estate Los Botcnes and were fortunately
met by re-enforcements under Colonel
Cruz Gonzales.
Of Rizo's command, which numbered
1500 men when it started from Puerto
Principe, only 1000 entered Los Bo tones.
On the retreat to Puerto Principe the
Spaniards were constantly compelled to
stop to defend themselves in hind-to-hand
tielits. They entered Puerto Princice oa
April 12 totally defeated, after leaving 800
killed along the route.
DEPARTURE OF AN ASSESSOR.
Perhaps ihe Mystery Con Be Explained by
the Corporations Who Ware Alarmed
by H s Honesty.
OMAHA, Xebr., April 21.— Samuel
Brighara, the Assessor for Souib Omaha,
rushed into the office of the County Clark
to-day just before the regular time for
closing, and handed in his re-ugnation.
In a rather excitable manner Brigham
stated that he had been offered a position
with an oil concern in New York city at a
big salary, and was obliged to leave for
the East at oncp. He was asked to re
main in the city long enoush to certify to
tun records and assessments made up by
him to the date of his resignation, but be
said he did not have time to do that, and
suggested that the matter be taken up
by his chief deputy.
With this he went out, and is supposed
to have left the city. Aside from tho
legal difficulties arisiDg irom this sudden
leaving of Brigham, there is an element
of mydiery surrounding the whole affair.
At the meeting of Assessors of the county,
Brigbam made a fiery speech, in which ha
announced bis intention of "making tho
assessment according to law," regardless
of what the other Assessors might do.
The first day he started at the work te
found property worth $750,000 which had
never been assessed at ail, and he related
other instances where he had found large
holdings which had never bsen assessed.
He estimated that the total valuation of
the taxable prouerty of South Omaha
would be increased to over $12,000,000.
This is ten times the amount of property
previously assessed, and many of the
wealthy corporations declared they would
be ruined, Now Brigham's work is in
validated by his sudden disappearance
and failure to certify to his returca*2
SAN FRANCISCO'S
NEW POSTOFFICE
Grading and Excavating
Bids Will Soon Be
Called For.
Senators Perkins and White
Make a Call on the
President.
The Latter's Opinion Is Asked In
Regard to the Circuit
Judgeship.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 21.-Rep
re-^entative Loud called on Assistant Sec
retary of the Treasury U. L. Bpanlding
ng:iin to-day in reference to the San Fran
cisco Fn^torlice building. Mr. Spaulding
assured Loud thai he would immediately
take s:eps to prepare the specifications,
tased upon which bids would b<? adver
ti ed for as soon as possible. It was the
opinion of Mr. Spaulaing that within
three weeks; advertisements would be pub
lished calling for bids for the work of grad
ing and excavating.
B nators Perkins and White accom
panied General Romauido Pacheco to the
White House and introducec him to the
President. They urged his appointment
as Minister to Brazil or the Argentine Re
public. At this interview President Me-
Kiniey improved his opportunity to in
quire of Senator White somethine about
the different applicants for tne Circuit
Judgeship to succeed McKenna.
The opinion of White was sought as a
Democrat who might have no partiality
for any of the candidates. Senator White
warmiy praised Judge Morrow, and said
that in his opinion Morrow was the
man for the place. This was the first time
Senator White had ever met President
MoKinley. Dur ; ng their brief interview
it was impossible for Senator White to
gain even an idea of the President's choice
for the Circuit Juilge?hip. but he is in
clined to believe that McK:nley has two
names under confederation— Morrow and
Van Fieer.
The Cabinet had under consideration
yesterday the £an Pedro deep harbor mat
ter, brougut up by Secretary Aleer.
Senator White said to The Call corre
spondent to-night that he was uninformed
as to what took placs at the Cabinet meet
ing. He is inclined to believe, however,
that in view of the emphatic telegrams and
letter which Secretary Alger has received
from Southern Caliiornia he will not dare
to lurther delay the execution of the act
of Congress and Will advertise for bids. If
he does not do so White will inuoduce a
resolution in the Senate demanding to
know the reason for tut Secretary's neg
lect of duty.
Colonel J. F. Evans of San Francisco to
day appeared before tne sub-committee of
finance, which has the tariff bill under
consideration, and pr?sen:ed additional
reasons why a draw back should be allowed
on coal used by American vessels. He
showed the committee that the drawback
provision in the shipping act of ISB6 was
intended to be continued by the tariff act
of 1890, but owing to the unskillful word
in- of thedrawback clause of that act the
Supreme Court held that said clause was
not unad enough to include coal. The
difference in the price of coal on the
Pacific as compared with the Atlantic
coast was shown to be more than 100 per
cent, and the fact that high-priced im
ported caal is used almost exclusively for
steaming purposes by the Pacific Coast
steamers was especially a welt upon.
He said that it in addition to this great
expense for coal, the vessels of the coast
must also be taxed 75 cents per ton, with
no relief by way of drawback, it would
operate as a discrinnna'.ion against the
shipping of California and other Pacific
Stnte", and would be a just cause of com
plaint.
Colonel Evans contends that this is a
Pacific question, pure and simply, and
that the drawback will not injure the coal
interests of the East, the price being regn
iated on'this side by the dome-tic supply.
If the foreign coal comes in its price must
conform to the local rate and the foreign
shipper must pay the duty. It is a dog
in-the-manger policy then for the Eastern
coal magnates to oppose the drawback to
which they never before objec cd.
The probability is that anthracite coal
will be subjected to the shin • rate of duty
as bituminous coal, the line of distinction
between the so-called anthracite and Brit
ish Columbia coal being almost impossi
ble of definition.
Alexis Sullivan, formerly of San Fran
cisco, is in Washington. * He wants to
hay.- a vice-consulate established at toata
gapn, Nicaragua. Senator Perkins and
Judge Maguire will call on the Secretary
of State lu-morrow in regard to the mat
ter. Air. Sullivan is not a candidate lor
appointment to this place, but is business
manager of the San I 1 ran cisco Coffee Com
pany in Nicaracua.
J. G. Johnson of Benicia wtfnts to be
Commissioner of Immigration at Sun
Francisco, and J. E. Jansen, William H.
Ellis and L. T. Kinsey of Eureka would
like to be Collector of Customs at Eureka.
Ttiey have riled applications at the Treas
ury Department.
WHERE SILENCE WAS GOLDEN.
Senator Perkins Secures an Appropriation
for the D ggsr Indians by Refraining
From !p*ech-Mckmg.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.-MB.ny
men have received big fees for making
speeches, but it has remained for Senator
Perkins to receive a handsome reward for
preserving a golden silence on last Satur
day. Ex-Congressman Caminetti tele
praphed him that something must be
done for tbe Digger Indians. Senator
Peritina saw the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, who agreed to recommend the
passage of an amendment to tne Indian
appropriation bill, viz.: "for locating the
Digger Indians in California upon lands
recently purchased for them and for their
subsistence and civilization, and for tbe
i purchase of farming Implements, seeds,
aud other article 1 :, including the pay of a
practical farmer, $3j00."
Mr. Perkins, in presenting this addition,
offered to make a speech, whereupon
(Senator Pettigrew implored the Caiilor
nian not to do so, promising to let tbe
amendment pass if he would desist. Mr.
Perkins then said: "It was my purpose
to explain the provision, but my friend
from South Dakota says to mo that if I
do not make a speech he will accept the
amendment. Therefore lam very glad to
yield."
The amendment for the Digger Indians
was then adopted by the Senate.
Old tlnimn Brought Vp Again.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 21—Ma
hon, chairman of the Committee on
Claims in the last House, to-day intro
duced a bill to pay the amounts found to
be due certain persons by the Court of
Claims under the Fourth of July and
Bowman act.-. The total is about $350,000.
It was the insertion of these items ;u the
deficiency appropriation bill by the Sen
ate in he closing hoars of the last Con
gress which prevented the bill from b
coming a law.
•
MOSBY LOSES HIS NERVE.
Strange Collapse of the Guerrilla Chief
tain When Called Uoon to Address
Former Comrades.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 21.—
Colonel John S. Mosby of San Francisco,
the noted guerrilla etiieitain and hero of
many battles, lost bia nerve when he wa3
called upon to address the Commonwealth
Club of Richmond, Va., last night. He
had accepted an invitation to address the
club and was there to meet his engage
ment. Many of Mosby's men were prej
en t and were especially anxious to bear
their beloved commander recount his
thrilling experiences. It was also ex
pected that Coionel Mosby would discuss
his recent letter defending his course in
supporting General Grant for President in
1872.
Colonel Mosby went to the clubhouse at
t lie appointed time, but he could not be
induced to make bis address, or even to
enter tlie room wher* the waiting au
dience was assemb.ed. When an honr
had been «=pent in trying to coax him to
respond, the exercises opened, and Joseph
Bryan, who isentertainingColonel Mosby,
made the most graceful excuse possible
for the staee fright of his guest. When
Mr. Bryan concluded there were loud cal s
for Mosby, who was in an anteroom, and
he was final y taken by ir.ends and pulled
into the assembly ball. Ho hid his face
in his hands, ana as soon as the grasp of
his friends was released the fearless fighter
of thirty-five years aco dashed out of the
door without explanation and proceeded
to another part of the building, where he
r. mair.ed until his host took him home.
Tne incident causer! quite a sensation.
/> l t.j;.\A i i<> \ ; cbess.
Arranging for the Irame llrttreen I'.rlt
isli and American Lawmaker*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.—
international chess match between mem
bers ot the British Parliament and the
American House of Representatives will
probably begin immediately after the ad
journment of Parliament, which is ex
pected about the middle of May. The
preliminaries are being arranged by Hon.
J. Henniker Heaton, M. P., and Rich
mond Pearson, member of Congress from
North Carolina. A letter tc-day from
Heaton, giving the names of the British
team, has unset the American manager's
plans. It proposes that the contest be
conducted in a simultaneous match at
five tables, one player to be in charge of
each table, with two assistants to advise.
Following is the list of English players
end assistants: Players — Strauss, Hon.
Horace Plunkett, John Parne'.J, Atchieley
Jones, F. W. Wilson or Charles Shaw.
Assistants— Lord Folkestone, Sir Herbert
Maxwell, Allhusen, McKenna, J. Henni
ker Heaton. Lord Balcarres. Seton Kar,
Lord Warkworth, Bromley Davenport,
Dalbiac.
The Congressional experts prefer a se
ries of individual matches, but they will
a^ree to play under the British plan
rather than have the affair fail. The
members of the American team will ba
named in a few days.
/ 4 i it r. i i ; it t i. s CALL o\ Htti>
Make littoten their Hittiret in a Very
.' titt *it X a utter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.— The
executive council of the American Fede
ration of Labor called on Speaker Heed to
day to tile a memorial urging an amend
ment to the eight-hour law, a restriction
of immigration, currency reform and a
liberal appropriation lor public works.
President Gomners and Vice-President
McGinn* addressed the Speaker.in support
of the memorial. Mi (mire urged the se
lection of Representative Gardner of New
Jersey as chairman of the Committee on
Labor. ' .
Reed expressed satisfaction with tbe
tone of moderation with which the visit
ors had spoken. It was necessary, he
said, in view of public exigencies, that the
passage of the tariff bill be first secured.
Until that was accomplished, nothing
else would be undertaken. "And you can
aid in that," he said, "by so directing
public opinion that it will tend to over
come the inert;a of the body of very esti
mable citizens who have to pass upon
that measure."
CLEKKS MVSI UTAT SOBER.
i'tniion Commit tinner Evan* Won't let
" Mghfhawki " Horle fur Him.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 2L—Com
missioner of Pensions Evans means to
stop the pernicious habits of ?ome of his
burean clerks. He said to-day: "I am
told there are instances in which clerks
who spend nights in saloons come to tbe
office with heads far from clear. This is
not calculated to give tbe Government
tne character of work for which It pays.
Anything ot this kind will not be permit
ted while lam Commissioner. If I learn
that any one in tnis office drink- to bis
disadvantage I shall see tLat bis place i;
given to some one else. I wish to rein
state any ex-Union soldiers who have
been unjustly removed, but before dome
so I will examine the records they had
while in office and th»ir character."
OAX-r SiLHiHi /.Y ISDEXTEu.
Official Inrettigaiion Show* the Oregon
to Be Ant S*riou-l,f Injured.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 2L-Con
structor Capps telegraphed from Bremer
ton, Wash., to-day, that the injuries to
the battle-ship Oregon are not. serious.
The greatest indentation in her bull is
three inches, and repairs will cost between
$1500 and $2000 only. She is able to raako
a long voyage in her present condition.
Overrun by Office- Seekers.
WASHINGTON, D, C, April 21—Poll
ticians and office-seekers thronged the
White House to»day. It was after 3
o'clock when the last one left tbe grounds.
An old White House employe agreed that
this was the hardest day the President
had spent since he waa inaugurated.
Senator Mcßride of Oregon inirov. .ced
State Senator Galbreth to the President.
Ex-Seuator Mitchell of Oregon also called.
Senators White and Perkins of Califor
nia r.sked tne President to appoint ex-
Governor Romualdo Pacheco to tbe Brazil
ian iuisssion.
An OH ' Inim Favorably Reported.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 21. -Tbe
bill appropriating $330,351 to reimburse
the heirs of the late John Roach, the
Chester (Pa.) shipbuilder, for changes in
the construction of the crnisers Chicago,
Boston and Atlanta, was to-day favorably
reported to the Senate and placed on the
calendar. This bill tias been before Cun
gress many year-, but has failed either to
pass or to re<.e;ve tbe signature of th«
President.
Pacific. LO'imt re *ionm.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 21.-Pa
citic Coast pensions have been issued as
follows: California: Original — James
Gorman, San Francisco; sunDlemental —
John H. Herbert, ban Franc sco; reissue
Alvin W. Stone, Yountviile. Original
widows, etc— Louis B. Flanders. Red
ding ; Frances Barton, Lodi; Anna Roeers,
Santa Cruz.
Washington: Original— Frank B. Stim
son, Goldendale; John I. Anisbaugn, Lind.
On* Nominated, On* Confirmed
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 2L —
Among the nominations sent to the Ben
ate to-day was that of William Heimke to
be second secretary of the legation at the
Ciy of Mexico. The Senate confirmed
John A. Merritt of New York as Third
Assistant Postmaster-General.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
MASON'S CAUSTIC
MAIDEN SPEECH
The New Illinois Sena
tor Would Amend
the Rules.
How the Country's Business
Is at the Mercy of
Minorities.
He Believes In Scraping the Bar
nacles From the 3hlp of
State.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 21.— The
monotony of the Senate was interrupted
to-day by an attack DPOO the rules by one
of the new Senators, Mason (R.) of Illi
nois. He had offered a resolution yester
day for an amendment to the rules pro
viding for the limitation of debate and
the ordering of the previous question.
When the resolution was taken Bp to-day
he made his maiden speech,. treating the
subject with levity. Instead of the Sen
ate being the great assembly Senators im
agined it to be, it was practically, he said,
only a legislative body in the country
where a minority transacted pub ie busi
ness. Alluding to the tariff Dill as a
measure in which the majority would
have to yield to the minority, he remarked
that the business interests of the country
were on the va>g3 of despondency. He
cave the arbitration treaty as another il
lustration of the minority deciding
whether or not it shouid be ratified. The
Cuban matter was another instance.
"Action upon it," he said, "is delayed
while murder is committed at our very
doorsteps, and we look each other in the
face and say, 'Am I my brother's keeper?'
The Senator from Alabama knows there is
a majority in this body committed to roc
ognize belligerent riphts in Cuba, but
whatever our desire the minority controls
our action. I would not scuttle the ship,
but would like to put her in the drydock
lone enough to have her bottom scraped
so that we can sail and transact public
business. Senators say they are in favor
of a change individually. Let them show
that they are colleciiveiy."
Hoar remarked that there was very little
likelihood of the Committee on Rules act
ing soon on the resolution, as Chairman
Aldrich was engajred day and ni^ht in the
preparation of the tariff bill. He spoke
with some bitterness of the methods of
another parliamentary body (alluding to
the House) that adjourned every three
days in order to gain time for attacks
upon the Senate for not attending to bus.
ness. [Laughter.]
Gorman moved to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Rules.
Mason said he preferred to have the
resolution acted upon directly and de
manded the ayes and noes.
Gorman's motion was adopted — ages 32,
noes 24.
A petition of merchants and commer
cial bodies of San Francisco against the
abrogation of Hie Hawaiian treaty was
presented by Perkins anci one in faVor of
its adoption by Morrill of Vermont.
The amendment appropriating $50,000
for the improvement of P^arl Harbor was
reported from the Committee oa For. i,n
Relations.
An invitation to the Senate to be pres
ent at th« Grant ceremonies in New York
and to take part in the exercises was ac
cepted, on motion of lluwley, and a com
mittee of fifteen to represent the Senate
on that occision was ordered appointed
by the Vice-President.
A concurrent resolution to adjourn over
from Monday. April 2G. to Monday, May
3, offered by Chandler, went over without
action.
The bankruptcy bill was then taken up.
Various verbal amendments were made
to Nelson's substitute. 1 urpie opposed
thß Dill because it would allow a joint
stock corporation to g»> into voluntary or
invo.untary bankruptcy.
Hoar, who a^ists Lindsay in the man
ngement of the bill, ruodiiied the bill sn
that it would not include corporations. It
was agreed to begin voting on the pend
ing amendments and on the substitute
offered by Nelson at 3 o'clock to-morrow.
The Senate then adjourned.
NO MORE TO BE ADMITTED.
Attorney - General's Decision Exc udeu
Nearly All of Inc m/rg Chinese
Now at Fort Townsend.
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 2L—At
torney-General McKenna's opinion on the
joint resolution of Congress on the ad
mission of Chinese under contract for tbe
Nashville exposition does not let (.own
tbe bars for all the Chinese who claim
they ars goin^ to Nashville. Last week
179 were allowed entry and Secretary Gage
of the treasury was doubtful regard ins his
power to keep out others. He received a
telegram to-day that a batch of 114 more
have reached Port Townseud, Wash. In
view of the Aitorney-Generai's decision
and tne statement that lor the exhibition
no more than 200 are required, admit
tance will be refused all except twenty
one.
M'atenta for toaat Inr»ntor».
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.—Paci
fic Coast patents have been issued at fol
lows: James A. Donahue, Los Angeles,
bottle stopper; James M. Dyer, San Fran*
Cisco, wave Dower; James A. Hedge, Los
Angeles, amalgamator; Ellsworth D.
Middlekauff, San Francisco, curling iron;
Uriah Hoot, Coquille, Or., power trans
mitting mechanism ; Peter J. Scliarbacb,
Woodburn. Or., !<djustab!e mop head;
William F. Smitb, Ban Francisco, annun
cia'.or signal for telephone systems;
Joseph 8. Weathers, Llano, Cal.. device
for training horses; Frank J. Willard,
Sacramento, Cal., rubber attachment for
pedals.
Rehearing for lran.ii- Mitiouri Can*.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Ipril 21.-It is
the belief in legal circles that the Supreme
Court will grant the petition for a rehear
ing in the Trans-Missouri case, and set it
for rearrangement with the case of the
joint traffic association, which is connnp
irom the Federal court in New York,
where the decision was contrary to that
of the Supreme Court. The latter case
has been already advanced for argument
to October.
Aew J'o*ttna*t*r* for Oregon.
WASHINGTON. D. C., Aprl 21 —The
following postmasters were appointed to
day for Oregon: Canyouville, Douglass
County, G. W. Carter, vice Thomas Wil
son, removed; Dayton, Yam Hill County,
August Detmeriiig, vice R, L. Harris", re
moved; Eagle Point, Jackson County, A.
J. Florey, vice S. B. Holmes, resigned;
Harrisbursr, Linn County, H. R. Sherrill,
vic<;J. D. Bannett, resigned.
Bit Beef J-'nriory for Mexico.
TERREON, Mexico, April 21.— ri. F.
Robloch of Chicago, who claims to repre
sent a syndicate of Boston capitalists who
are seeking a suitable location here for an
immense meat-packing house, says the
company wiJl put a million dollars in goM
into til* enterprise, depending entirely
upon Mcx co for its cattle supply, and ex
pects to market its products iv Europe.
J<ijinn»»e War*hip Haiti for Batoatl.
YOKOHOMA, Japan, April 21.— The
Nanina sailed for Hawaii yesterday to
protest airainst the refusal of that Govern
ment to permit the landing of Japanese
immigrants.
Tribute in n l> r ,,,- d Congrrtumn n.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21— The
Hou*e adjourned after a few minutes'
*es*ion to-day as a mark of re«pect to the
late Congressman Milliken of Maine.
COTTON CROPS ARE DOOMED.
Another Mississippi Levse Breaks — Disas
trous Flood in Minnesota— Weather
Bureau's Rep or.
VICK^BURG, Miss., April 21. - The
Jevee at the Promised Land plantation, in
Issaquena County, broke this morning.
It will relieve the pressure on the Louisi
ana side on the upper bends, but the water
will return to the Mississippi at the mouth
of the Yazoo River, a few miles above
Vkksburs. At 6 o'clock to-night the
break was 500 feet wide. This unexpected
crevasse males the inunJation of Issa
quena and Suarkoy counties complete.
To-day'a disaster destroys any hope for
Uie late cotton crop in the lower Ynzoo
and Mississippi delta, as it will sarve to
pro ong the flood by greatly increasing
the are.i of country bubmerged.
Oonditions in Madison Parish, Louis
iana, are growing more alarming. Presi
dent Jklaxwell of the Fifth District levee
board states that of his 15,000 acres in the
parish less than fifty acres are not
flooded. It is closely estimated that 75
per cent of the land in cultivation in
Madi«on Parish is submerged.
Tents for 2000 people arrived from St.
Louis to-nipht. The demand for relief is
increas.ng daily. There arß not less 6000
refugees now in this city.
ST. PAUL, Mmr., April 21. —Emerson,
just over the Manitoba side of the
b iundary, is in a bad way to-ninht. Only
two buildings are high and dry. The
water on the main street is two feet over
the store counters. Railway communica
tor i.« entirely shut off on both sides of
the river.
The inhabitants are penned in on the
second stories. Efforts are being made to
send a steamboat to rescue them. The
bridge over the 6t. Joe Kiver is washed
away. From there lo Emrnon, rive miles,
ali is one vast lake. On the west side of
tno river the Northern Pacific track is
submerged for twenty-five miles.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 21.— The
Weather Bureau reports that the total
area of land submprced by the overflow of
the Mississippi j s £0.000 square miles, con
tinuum 46 935 farms and a population of
4ti-\O4I. The value of farms, buildings,
machinery, livestock and la^t year's nrod
usts still on liana approximated $90, 000,000,
and the total production of last year, in
clu-.iing 5,000,000 oales of cotton arid 9.000.-
OOJ po-inds of sugar, represents a value of
Of $21,782,180.
ANOTHER REVOLT IN HONDURAS.
The Government Calls Upon Salvador and
Nicaragua to Aid in Its Sup
pression.
NEW YORK.^ S. V., April 21.— News of
another revolution in Honduras arrived
10-day on the American fruit-carrying
ship Foxball from Puerto Cortez. The
Foxhall was tied up to the only pier at
Puerto Cortez, on which the custom-bouse
of the port is built, on the night of April
1\ when about forty men armed with
Winchesters and carrying boxes came
down to the pier and asked Captain Leslie
to defer sailing until they found out
whether or not the reel forces under Gen
eral Desoto, former President of Hon
duras, were going to attack them. They
intimated that it wouivi not go well with !
them if a.tt-r ali :h: they should be cap- >
tureJ, and they wanted to get away on tte I
Foxhall.
It was surmised that the things in boxes
they carried were customs receipts and
other funds, which frequently cause revo
lutions in Central American republics.
Leslie Mid that he was under orders to
sail ai y o'clock at night, and he cast off
the lines promptly at that hour. Before
doing so he learned that the nkht before
the lebels under De.«oto had capturpd a
garrison commanded by a German officer
in the barracks on a lagoon just nor. beast
ol Puerto Cortez. The rebels got six can
nons and -\ lot of rifles and ammunition.
Chief Oftker Krojasgard of the Foxhall
said that he ad hear* from men a>hori*
the night before the Fox':all sailed that
there had been a general uprising in the
republic, and that President Bonilla had
decided to accept the aid of Guatemala,
Salvador and Nicaragua to suppress the
rebellion. There was no disorder or tiring
on shore when the Foxhall steamed out
into the gulf of Honduras.
TWO V I l. It I I. h i.s ELECTROCUTED
A Very Meat Perfortnattev at the Ohio
btntm /»!•{« on,
COLUMBUS. Ohio. April 21.— The first
execution in an electric chair under the
new Ohio law took place in the State
Prison last night, William Haas And Wil
liam Wiley, murderers, being put to
death. In each case ihie<> shocks were
sen i through the b >dy in quick succession,
the current having 1750 voltage. Ha-s
was executed first. Tnere were no re
pulsive scenes, no writbings of the body,
nor did the electrodes leave marks on the
skin. Death in each case, no doubt, was
painless and instantaneous. The victims
were cool and made no final statements*
Jf.'.oA I \-/>o if \ CONSTITUTION.
Xot Worth the Money Appropriated for
Her Jiepair.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., April Work
has not as yet been commenced on the
frigate Constitution authorized by Con
gress when it appropriated $80,000 to be
expended in making her safe to tow to
Boston. Those in authority claim that
180.000 would not fit her for sea and that it
would cent more than the appropriation
to make her watertight. It is extremely
doubtful, say the yard officers, if she ever
leaves tbecirydock. Dry rot has seriously
affected her timbers. It is expected that
the naval officers will refuse to tow her to
Boston unless she can be thoroughly re
paired.
BIS jj.r/»jsjv*ji« PAID.
iiotr Aim Ornnt ITill Attend. Hit
tath-r'* M -tnnrinl Calibration.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21.— The city
government has been asked to pay th«
expenses of Jesse Grant from San Diesro,
Cal., to New York and return to attend
the ceremonies over nis father's remains.
The city responded favorably to the re
que.it and sent him $159 out of the general
appropriation for the occasion. Consider
able secrecy has been observed about tne
mutter. Neither the Mayor nor members
of the committee are disposed to ducu-i
it. The money was fo: warded on a tele
graphic order.
Democratic a >tn» in /"«'»i«vf ■ <■»! «.
SHARON. Pa., April 21.— The Congres
sional election in the Twenty-tilth D a
trict was carried by 6howalt°r (R.)
b> 4800 majority over Hel mnn (D.). The
Democrats made pains in every county,
ciiy and town. McKinley's majority was
9000.
l.it-rnry Club Mackb .{{» m Governor.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. April 21— The
Gentlemen's Literary Club has voted not
to admit Governor Mount as a member.
General Harrison and James Wbitcomb
Kiley are members of the club.
--<" * 0/T>r«-Aolrf«r Starving.
LORAIN, Ohio, April 21.— City Com
missioner X uner yesterday applied to
ihs township trustees for help. lie hag
received no pay for four months and
staled he was starring.
PHOTOGRAPHS IN
NATURE'S COLORS
Remarkable Process Dis
covered by a French
Artist.
Most Minute Variations of
Shade in Completed
Pictures.
Blue, Green, Red and a Colorless
Liquid Produce tha Grand
Effect.
«
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21.-Some
photographs in colors of nature were ex
hibited on Broadway to-day. Th-y were
taken in France Dy the recently discov
ered process of Ville.lieu Chassagne of
Paris, and while coloring media are used'
they are roraarkably successful efforts in
this new field of photography. All sorts
of views are reproduced, and the most
minute variations in color indicated in
the completed photograph. The color of
flesh, varying shades of foliage and colors
of jewels or raetaia are distinctly shown.
A plate that has been submitted to certain
treatment is osed, and after that exposure
and development are accomplished in the
ordinary way. The media supplying the
color are applied after the print is fin
ished.
Four liquids are used — one colorless,
the other three being blue, green and red.
The colorless liquid is applied to the
print with a camelshair bru>h. I», ia
supposed to give the print selective power.
Blue, green and red are successively ap
p:ied, with the application of the colorless
liquid between every u-e of the blue and
green. After each application the print is
wiped dry. From the blue, green and
red solutions applied the print takes the
colors of the original, altnough none of
thf-e three may have been separately
present in the original view. Neither
water nor turpentine will wash off the
color. The liquids which produce these
results will be placed on tbe market by
July. The solutions and treatment to
which tbe plate is submitted are secrets of
the inventor.
WAR GODS FROWN
UPON HELLENES
Continued from First Page.
caused much surprise here. That the
Forte iia.3 little confidence in its naval
strength was shown to-day, when an irade
was issued ordering the fleet to avoid a
battle with the Greek wur-hija and re
main under the protection of the fortifica
tions.
The official announcement is made that
the Turkish army occupied the town of
Turnova yesterday after a desperate re
sistance. Nothing has been published
here showing the movements of the Turk
ish army under Edheni Pasha sinca yes
terday.
GREEKS IN RETREAT.
Edhem Pasha Assures the Porte
That He Will Capture
Larissa.
PARIS, France, April 21.— The corre
spondent of Temps at Constantinople
telegraphs that Etihem Pasha has tele
graphed from near Turnova that the
Turkish divisions are pursuing t.ie Greeks,
who are in full retreat. These divisions,
Edbem said, have arrived within two
kilometers of Larlssa, and the investment
of that town by the Turks has begun.
Edbem Pasha expects to become master
of Larissa within three days.
ATHENS' GARRISON SENT.
Re-enforcements Start From the
Capital to Constantino's
Relief.
LONDON, Em., April 21.— A dispatch
to the Times frum Athens says telegrams
received from Lirissa urgently ask that
re-en forceraents be sent to the front, the
Greek troops bein fc » exhausted by contin
uous attacks from the Turks. Two thou
sand five hundred troops forming the gar
rison at Athens start for Volo to-day,
whence they will proceed to Larissa by
rail. The palace guard and 250 gendarmes
will probabiy follow to-morrow. Severe
fighting is proceding at Reveni, where
the Turks have been largely re-enforced.
AT A DISADVANTAGE.
Ground Overlooking the Greek
Position Is Now Held by
the Turks.
The Greeks have been at a most fatal
disad rant age as far as position is con
cerned. They have had to tight uphill in
more senses than one. The Turks were
able to take positions overlooking the
Greets. Tue battle-ground haa laid on
the slopes of Mount Olympus and the
spurs which run down irora it to the
XBrias and Peneus rivers. The summits
of Olympus, rising to a height of near
10,000 feet, lie some miles north of the
frontier, toward aad across which there is
a continual descent, except here and there
where a peak rises above its surroundings,
but always 10 a less height than its neigh
bors to the north. Mount Anulipsis, where
NEW TO-DAY.
1 000 'HEWA RD • !&f!Sf£ l *" '" (l|lTail ' <; Cn »m Belt U positively guaranteed
!£>riJ T «,d i.l rIT„. in 111/. tO b* , lue mOSt erfect e'*clrlc be t now madHa a.y par of the
r^-i 1 l 8 *:►«' BDperlt l r ip . h ?. cheaply goiun up but extenlve y advertised to called ele-: rlo bei:s
1^ Vmn? J^" M '"' trlclUth. i up-rlor to that of a tallow c»nd.e. For a flrat-claw belt,
J""'" S a .°? T e f? lßl| " OVeB " at a Jlodkratk Pkick, patronize ni. od^-stabilshed and r.liab * , firm.
li/m^ , lt»»08tiavenore»«ontocooj»«»l " of having been awlnd ed out of your money by u£
ffi* Mr?^ Vhy-mKii™ yO S, ha T* M?n " r - Wtrrce's. J»-Book Fbkk. - Call or addre?,
vJ.'^KZ, Kl #Z "i * S ^^ 3,° * B»Cf»n8 »Cf»n enio 8U cor. Kearny. or 64U Market st.. telow Kearn/, San
the first engagement took place, i 3 <ome
4200 feet high, and is topped by several
peaks just north of it on the Turkish side.
A road runs from the north along the
crest of the mountain from Psttoraki
Peak, 3800 feet hub, down grade all the
time to Milouna Pass, where it strikes the
main road between Elassona and Larissa,
just where it crosses the frontier at an
elevation of loss than 1000 feet. The Turk
i-h advance along ttiis road was not to be
checkad by the Greeks from (heir lower
position in spile of their bravery.
The same conditions obtained at Re
veniPass. The TurKs advanced to the
attack from ground higner than that
occupied by the Greeks la the pass. Tur
navo. lying at the foot, was at the mercy
of the Turks as soon as they had reached
there. Below Larissa the conditions
change. Within five miles begin a line of
hills that run off to the south and west,
with a gradual rise until they culminate
at Dobroudcha Dagh on the west and the
Kara Dagh on the southeast, some of
whose height*, as Mavro Vuni, rise to
2500 feet. These continue to the east,
north of the Gulf of Volo, until they con
nect with tbe continuation of Mnunt
Pelion.
NEW METHOD OF TELEGRAPHY.
.4 Recent Discovery Promises a Speed of
3000 Ho,- us Per Minute Over a
Sinj/e Wre.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21.— Before
the American Society of Mechanical En
gineers to-nicht Professor Albert Crehore
of Dartsmouth College read a Daper de
scribing a new method of very rapid tele
graphing by use of alternating currents,
which will be developed by him and Lieu
tenant George Owen Squier of the United
States army. The experiments which re
sulted in the development of the nex
system were made at the United States
Artillery School, Fort Monroe, Va.
The average telegraph operator, sending
messages by ihe Morse system, can trans
mit from thlrtv to forty words per minute.
By the Wheatstone system, where mes
sages are first prepared on a puncher-strip
and then transmitted automatically, a
speed of from 150 to 200 words per minute
may be attained. By the new system
promised a speed of 3uCO words per minute
may be attained over a single wire.
At the same time the wire cou d be used
for sending other messages by the ordi
nary Morse system, or by the quadruple
system, without creating any interference.
It is also possible to send two entirely
different messages over the same line at
the same time at the late of 3000 words
per minute, and in addition these mes
sages could be transmitted to and received
by any number of stations at the same in
stant and recorded automatically. It is
necessary to have the messages prepared
for sending on slips of paper, punched
with signals to represent letters in accord
ance with the European modification of
the Morse code.
The general method by which this won
derful speed is to be accomplished is by
taking advantage of the peculiarity of al
ternating currents, iv whicb currents of
opposite polarity succeed «?a' h other with
a rapidity varying Jrom 250 to 400 per
second. Between each pair of these waves
of current is a moment when the wire is
neutral.
By means of a simple device these cur
rents may be interrupted, and one or
more wave movements of current omitted,
liy noting these interruptions and their
order messages can be read by the use of a
sensitive needle or flashlight.
MACE WOULD FIGHT SULLIVAN.
Prospect for a Batt.e Be ween the Od
Fellows and a Joint Tour
Through England.
BOSTON*, Mass , April 21— Jem Mace,
the old English ex-champion, is in town
to-day trying to arrange with Frank Dunn
for a match with John L. Sullivan fora
limited number of rounds. The place will
be in some Eastern city, probably Boston
or New York. If he fails in this he will
endeavor to arrange for a meeting with
the veteran, Miße Donovan, the boxing
instructor, before a big New York ath
letic club. These two old fellows sparred
four interesting round* in New York
some months azo and did so well that tue
sporting fraternity is more than anxious
to have them box again.
It is understood that Donovan is very
willing to meet Mace. Failing in this.
Mace wi 1 sail for England from New
York on the Campania next Saturday.
Sullivan is going to England next fall
and Mace wishes to make arrangements
to travel with him givintr boxing exhibi
tions in the bit; cities, which lie thinks
would make a pot of money for both men.
The Snorting Review announces that
John L. Sullivan and Jem Mac? have ar
ranged a partnership and will tour Eng
land the coming summer.
>£IT THREAT 1 t;o.H CORBEIT.
Won't riant Anybody but Ma and May
Retire From the Jtin-/. ■
i NEW YORK. N. V., April 21. — If Fitz
siinaions remains deaf to Corbett's ap
peals the ex-champion will retire from the
ring permanently. Corbett frankly be
lieves Fitzsiramons won't notice him. Hi
says: ''Fitzsimnions can insist on me
fighting some one else first, but this won't
avail him, for I refusejto meet any other
boxer. This is absolute and nothing can
males me do otherwise. I have several
schemes and will spring them before
long."
Billy Madden said to-day that unless
Fitzsimmona declines to fight the God
dard match is as good as macie. He It
ready to make a match to be inside of a
year for $5000 a side. Madden will let
Fitzsimmons name any responsible party,
and Billy on behalf of Goduard, will
place his deposit.
PuniHxt Ptaree'* Opponent JVay 7>ic.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa, April 21.—
Pufiilisi Lesiie Pearco was arrested pend
ing the result of injuries inflicted on his
opponent, Billy Vernon, in the boxing
match last night Vernon was fl ored by
an imitation Fitzsinimon* heart blow ii
the fourteenth round, and is now hover*
in* between life and death.
A CVBJX CHARS EL HOUSE.
American Friion<-ra Oi/ina of Smallpox
in Cabana* •Sortre»».
HAVANA. Cuba. April 21.— A smallpox
epidemic is now threatening the Cabanas
fortress prisoners. The Cuban cellmate
of Ona Melton and other members of the
American ship Competitor's crew have
died and Melton, who nursed them, shows
symptoms of the disease. There are
about twenty prisoners in this oae
afflict cell alone.
Mitt. BUXTEH B.is WITSDHAWX,
En l of the Deadlock in th» Kentucky
Senntor-Mp t:ont-nt.
FRANKFOKT, Ky., April —Dr. W.
G. Hunter to-night sent to the Republican
caucus his resicnation of the nomination
for United States Senator and asked an
other man to be selected, because he was
convinced he could not win.
, A caucus to-morrow will probably name
a new candidate. Is is believed Hunter's
withdrawal ends the tedious deadlock.
Ih* rortein Nails for Alaikt.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 21.— The
United States revenue-cutter Corvnn his
«ailed for Alas-kan waters to join the
Bering Sea patrol. She will stop at San
Francis-co on h»r wsy up the coast and
will return to S;in Diego probably about
October 1.
raw TO-DAT
JOHN.
I do not know how it is, but seems to
me. when the cupboards are well filled
and a little money in the purse I seem to
feel nearer to my John than when we
have littlo in the house and I have to
just beg for every cent. Ever since wo
began to pay cash we have seemed to get
along all right. Hard times are out of
sight with us. These are cash prices. Do
you note the difference.
FIRST-FLOOR GOODS.
Two-horse Harness, heavy, complete ......$ 16 50
Our Extra Side-Middle, complete. ....'.. ....*1^
Best Washing Mechtne family style. $:
No. 8 Coon Stove, "Our Chi $13 r.O
Nice Liv c V»s»-s, were 35c, now 18c
Glass -auce Dishes, p etly pattern. per doz. . ..-Joe
Teapot, fancy English stone, beautiful ?6c
Jelly ela<s»'«. tops rusty, per doz ..; 10c
Revolving Flour ."-j^ers, best m-kes 10c
"Pure" I r> am of liaJrtr, per 1d........... 7c
••Pure" Tapioca, pearl or flake Sc
Ture" Imporcrd tickles, extra, quarts 20c
'•Pun>" « ondenseel Milk, will please you 5c
"Pure" Currant Jell y in glass V..;..:..5c
••Pure'" Table 01., 10c bottles 7o
SECOND FLOOR GOODS.
Sun Bonnets, blue or pink, latest...... 25c
Ladies' ra>blouab!e Jack.; g. back *6
lJude or t-alior Ha'«. Hi c braid 16c
Summer Corsets, white, nice titling. 4flc
Towels; Bah or lur i»n, lnrse ..\iy 2 -
Atmora Teunls. soft and fluffy ....... .t>V*c
Fine H ••»▼>• Sheetlae, 36 iucbe3, brown.. -,c
Scotch Pi aid pretty uesi^ns. Be
SIZES 3 AND 4.
If your girls or yourself can wear the c sites in
Oxfords or simpers, we wan; to offeryou the choi -c
o. 100 airs from our sample counter, Incluainc
many wonh $2, at
73 Cents,
In small sizes, for ladies, or for litU* srirN wearing
No. 1 shoe— save more than half and help us out
to-day. . .
SMITHS' CASH
%k ■■'.-■** STORE.
_jP 25-27 MARKET >TKfcET,
NEAR THE FERRY.
JOEPOHEHV!^
* THE TAILOR,
\,f Makes the Best Fitting Clothes in
the State at 25 per lit less than
aii}' oiher bouse.
■TIISsI^M Suits made to order from $13. so
H^MB lants 4. d0
*mLw%gm Rules for self-measurement and
MBp."*Gf samples sent free.
ra '« This Is the Unrest tailoring es-
tablishment, on the Pacific Coast,
) 111 201-203 Montgomery Street,
iJIf I 7'J4 844-846 .Market Street,
Vfflll 1110-1112 Market Street,
JF»*^3^' t>an Francisco, Cal.
STRONG AGl^
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is ths
only remeay for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. Tl>ey act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rici
blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves and clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago.
spectacl^'Eye GLAsseS
ACCdrWFLY.fITTEDBY
EXPERT OPTIC
AT MODERATE PRICES.
WCIANS phot° g !X '
642MARKETST. SUPPLIESw
U»BU CH«OMICLE DUILOIMG. "
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
ft ?! C AT Properly prepared and
iVI P A I . promptly served, can
** xx--< * **^ always bs obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly tbo |-V AT A /npi
Mot Popular Mil I A ( l-l
Dining Apart- *■ iIJ-/I\Vj H, J
ment in town. Wimaam^m^Kßß^m^^Kmm
o-00-o-o-o-o-0000-oo
DR.MCNULTY:
T r s. r ,I?T[ jLKNOWN AKB RKLIABLE OLH
••n v»i ? M £," onl V- Ml *"ly Power restore«l. Over
C0?2d«w52ll Ml SS: splld for Book, free. Futieiu^
daiTv-s.-w , ?%. T ? rms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
nallj ,6..M tiiS..»ev'«s. Sundays 10 to 12. Onsnlta-
tiou free and sacredly confidential. -■ Call or address
,„, , "*■ BOSCOIG MrXUITT, W.D.V
seovj Krai n.T Street, San frRiK-lwo, c«l
IT^lbh y^B^ayt^r^B^a^^JiT^TPM a^Jfa^J^i y I t^m
PjwpW|BKjjajUtyjMM3G^^3£E[^fBOLD BANDITS
AT CASTLE GATE
Put Two Big Pistols
Under a Paymaster's
Nose.
Make Off to a Canyon With
S7SOO in Gold and Green
backs.
They Cut the Telegraph Wires, but
Armed Miners Are Now In
Pursuit.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 21.— E. L.
Carpenter, paymaster of the Pleasant Val
ley coal mines, left Salt Lake this morn
ing to i>ay off the miners at Castle Gate.
He took with hini $9SOO in three packages,
two of them containing $1000 each ia sil
ver, and the other $7800 in gold and green
back. The Rio Grande Western train
reached that rather isolated portion of
T'tah about 12 :Jt> o'clock this afternoon.
With another employe of the company
Carpenter alighted from the train and was
soon in the presence of one hundred or
more men who were loitering about the
store which was but a lew rods from the
station.
The passenger train pulled out and a
moment later two rough looking individ
uals, who iiad been loitering around town
and in the saloon all day, were seen to ap
proach Carpenter and his assistant.
As they were about to ascpnd the out
side stair* leading to the company's office
on the second tioor of tne store one of
them thrust a revolver in Carpenter's face
and called upon him to "Drop those sacks
and hold up your hands." Carpenter did
both with alacrity as toe second footpad
appeared on the scene with a similar re
quest. The latter poured lead into the
air in a very promiscuous fashion and
caused the greatest consternation, the
hundred or so brave miners fleeing to the
east and to the west, to the north and to
the south.
Tlse robber who made th? first demand
picked up the money and handed it to his
pal, who immediately started down the
canyon. The horse belonging to the fel
low who made the tirst demand got away,
and he had some difficulty in catching it,
but, in the meantime, the other fellow
got safely away.
Daring the excitement Carpenter suc
ceeded in getting into the store with one
s-ack of coin containing $1000, and acoth r
sack of silver was either dropped or
thrown away by the fleeing robber and
was picked up a short distance away, but
the satchel containing greenbacks and
gold amounting to $7800 was successfully
male away with.
Every man in Bight was so badly fright
ened thai no move was made to intercept
tne robb?rs until both had disappeared.
Then noises were armed, aud a diligent
s-earch is now being medc.
A reward of $1000 has been offered for
the capture of Die men and $iOOO for the
return of the money. The robbers are j
.supposed to be "Buich" Cassidy and Tom ,
I. we.'i-known members of a gacs; of
toughs which frequents a desolate and
isolaicl port-on of the Ban Rafitel country
known as the "Kobbers' Roost."
The robbers had taken the precaution
to cut the telegraph wires between several
stations, and this gave them quite an ad
vantage. If they ever reach the San
Rafael country it is not believed they can
be captured.
HUNGRY MEN INVADE STOCKTON.
An Arm/ of Unemployed Landed by Steam
irs From T is C/ly—G yen Food They
S art for Sacramento.
ETOCKTON, Cal., April 21.-Two
hundred and fifty unemployed men
landed hungry in this city this morning.
'Ihey came up from San Francisco by the
steamers Dauntless and Mary Garratt,
a: d their iransportation was paid thither
by San Franciscans to get rid of them.
The men were unable to obtain employ
ment on the boulevard in the metropol s,
and they are bound for the country along
the Missouri and Mississippi rivers^ which
has Miffered great damage by the recent
floods. S. A. Letfingweli, who has been
j resident of the unemployed in San Fran
cisco since the movement was organized,
is m the head of the wandering idle.
Mayor Baegs offered to furnish 250
loaves of br^ad, provided tb«» army would
march for Sacramento, but that did not
quite satisfy the leader. He said that for
a two days' tramp they would need more
bread, besides .'ome bacon, coffee, sugar
etc. '
It was finally agreed that the provisions
would be supplied, and the Mayor and
the Chief jr. ye the industrials 100 pounds
of bacon. 600 pounds of beans, 20 pounds
of coffee, 500 loaves of bread and « quan
tity of crackers. They promised to start
for the capital city at once.
The leaders intend to desert the unem
ployed at L->di. They told Chief Kings
b lry this. If any others are ?ent from
baa Francisco they will not fare so well,
as lhe people of Stockton are indignant at
San Francsco for making this city the
dump;nK-^round for their unemployed.
Stocaon is taking care of its own poor,
bui it does not propose to feed those of
lhe metropolis.
SACRAMENTO, April 21.— Considerable
excitement exist! throughout the city to
night tbroaga the published report that
a body of 250 0f the unemployed men of
Ban Frer.tivco, having been Janded by
steamer at Stockton, are marching en
masse townri tins city. Thereport claims
that the Mayor and" Chief oi Police of
Stockton haii suppiied the men with two
days' Droviiions with the understanding
th:it they would immeiliatelv start for
Sacramento on foot, and that this had
l.enn agreed to.
M <yor Hubbar.i and Chief of Police M.
M. Drew of this ciiv both say that they
do not asyei know what sten's they will
taKL- in case the army reaches Sacramento,
but they claim they need not expect any
assistance from thU city whatever
MURDER AT FRENCH CAMP.
Qne Trcmp Killed by Another During on
Altercation— A Young Lady Witnesses
■he Tragedy.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 21.— Shortly be
fore 6 o'clock this evening Miss Russell,
who rev.des witli J. J. Borland at French
Cam p. saw two men on tue railroad tracks
near that place in an altercation. They
were tramps who had bee.i seen near the
French Camp Hospital for some days past,
b:u no one who lives there seems to know
who they are. iliss Kussell saw the
younger man strike the man he was with,
aiiil the latter fell backward on the rail
road track. As he did bo the blow must
have broken his neck, as when iie was
picked up by those who saw the affair he
w.-i iL-a.i and hi.-rnecK was broken.
The man who was killed was aoout 55
years of age, but theie was nothing on his
person to indicate who be w*s or where he
came irom. Neither is there any clew to
the identity of Ins assailant. Sheriff Cun
nincbam and Deputy Sheriff Wall want
to French Camp ao soon as they learned
of the killing, but they could find no trace
of the man who struck the old man who
was found lying dead across the railroad
track. The body of the dead ma:i was
brought to tho morgue here by Deputy
Coroner Jory, but there 'ttas nothing on
the body to indicate who he was.
KNOCKED OUT AT SAN JOSE.
•Km" Evans Receives a Blow That May
Result in Dea h — His Antago
nist in Prison.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. April 21— Matt
Semlchy, a local iightweieht pugilist, is
occupying a cell in the County Jail as the
result of a boxing contest at the opening
exhibition of the San Jose Athletic Club
held in this city to-ni^ht. Frank Evans,
better known as "Kid' 1 Evans, his an
tagonist, has concussion of the brain and
has been lying unconscious since he re
ceived the knock-nut blow.
The contest was announced as a fifteen
round go. Semichy made a rushing fight
from the start, and was looked on as a
sure winner after the first four rounds. A
squad of police was present, but as the
gloves used were extra large it was
thought that the filters could not seri
ously injure each other, and tne contest
was'allowed to proceed. Evans fought a
game up-hill battle and occasionally made
surprising rallies.
The knock-out came early in the four
teenth round.
Semichy caught Evans near the point
of the chin with a right-hand blow, knock
ing him off his feet. Evans' head struck
the hardwood tioor with a resounding
bump. Alter Evans had been counted
out he was carried to the dressing-room,
and a physician summoned. It was found
that the deieated pugilist was badly in
jured. There is a severe concussion of
the br:tin, aud at this time, over an hour
after the tight, Evans is still unconscious.
Semichy was at once placed under arrest
and will be kept in confinement pending
the outcome of Evans' injuries.
SUING FOR MOODY'S GULCH OIL
Accounting Demanded by Ranchers Who
Leased Their Lands to a
S/ndicate.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 21.— Suit was
brought to-day by David B. Moody, Addie
M. Hubbard r.nd Martha. T. Moody against
Charles J. Ellis and C. C. Mclver for an
accounting as to oil extracted from weils
in Moody's Gulch, near Los Gates, by the
defendants, and which the plaintiffs claim
has not been accounted for.
It is set forth in the complaint that in
October, 1878, the Santa C.ara Petroleum
Company entered inio an agreement with
Volney D. Moody and Charles Moody to
work the wells of the plaintiff , in Moody's
Gulch in the Santa Cruz Mountains lor a
period of ten years. The plaintiffs were
to receive as compensation one-tenth of
the petroleum cr coal oil extracted from
the wells and a statement to be furnished
by the defendants to the plaintiffs on the
15th of each month for the quantity of oil
extracted. The contract, was subse
quently renewed for another ten years.
It is believed by the plaintiffs that the
def*ndams have extracted !nrge amounts
of the oil fince June '25, ISGO, up to the
present time. The number of barrels ex
tracted ihercla.mto be IGO per month,
worth $2 75 each. They claim that no
statement has been made to them show
ing the quantity of oil extracted and ttat
no part of their one-tenth share of the
product has been delivered, except $26tj
worth.
The plaintiffs sue for an accounting and
ask thiit a receiver bo put in charge of the
premises. A temporary injuncnon wfcs
issued by the court atad Smith Peck was
appointed rpeeiver on giving a bond in
the sum of $1000.
lOVSG PAHStiys ACQUITTED.
Tried at Medford, Or., for the 31urder of
a ?r,pprr.
SAN JOSL. Cal., April 21.— John W.
Parsons of this city to-day received n tel
firrarn from the authorities of Medford,
Or., announcing that his son, Lee Parsons,
had been acquif.ed of the charge of mur
dering Gustav A. Hall, a trapper, near
that piece.
Young Parsons, who formerly resided in
tbi 3 city with his parents in the Richmond
building, on Second street, and who is
about 21 years of age, was arrested on the
charge of murder on Match 21.
At the Coroner's inquest which was
held upon the dead man it was claimed
that Parsons had visited him on the day
be was supposed to have been shot, and I
that the tracks leaning to the woods
where the dead body had been found cor- '
resj.onded to his. Kobbery was alleged to \
have been the cause of the cr.nic. Par
sons was arrested and held for trial. His
friends in this city could not believe tiiat
the young man, who bore an excellent
repu:ation, had been guilty of sucn a
crime, and the te egram announcing his
acquittal wan warmly receivsu. No par
ticulars of the trial were given.
U AIDE'S •< CKi.ATIO.'S " ftPAG.
Splendid Rendition by the Han Jose Ora~
torio Society.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 21.— "The Crea
tion.' Haydn's great oratorio, was pre
sented tit ihe First Methodist Church this
evening and last night by the San Jose
Oratorio Society. There was a good at
tendance at both performances, nnd the
oratorio was excellently rendered. The
rendition was under the direction of J.
Hamilton Howe of San Francisco. There
was a chorus of 100 voices. The soloist*
were Walter C. Campbell, oasso. and
Frank Colhn, tenor, of San Francisco, and
Miss Florence Gordon of this city, who
bad to sing two parts, owin^ to the illness
of Miss Mary W. Macauley. Professor P.
Loui Kinj; was organist and Miss Ada
Churchill pianist.
Towntite Aear Oroni.
VISALIA, Cat-, April 21.— Only one
new town will be located on the Valiey
railroad between this city and Fresno.
The site for that has been determined up
on. It will be located fifteen miles north
of Visaha and a mile and a half from
Orosi, on tho land of John Cutler, one oi
the oldest j ioneers in the county. If
Orosi i* moved down to the new sile the
name Orosi will be retained, but if not,
tho new town will probably oe called
Cutler. It will be a telegraph and express
station, and is in the center of a fertile
tract.
|/'r. Florence >eedham Jiirorred.
BAN JORE, Cal., April 21— Dr. Flor
ence B. Needham was granted a divorce
from Charier T. Needham to-day on the
ground of habitual intemperance. They
were manied in IMi'i, and shortly after
ward the defendant became dis?olu:e and
his wife was compelled to mpport him.
Santa truz Hold Strike.
SANTA CIIUZ. Cal.. April 21.—Alex
ander Russeil has discovered a gold mine
on the outskir.s of Santa Ct z from which
lie has asays of $10 to $100 to the ton.
There is a large led-e that will average $15
a ton.
Fell Into a I 1,, lm.
OGDEN, Utah, April 21.— At 5 o'clock
io-nij:bt, A. W. Wertz, a ticket broker in
tliis city, fell In an epileptic lit and ex
pired in about live minutes. He was in
his ollicj alone, and us he Jell he struck
the wall, breaking his noj». and sinking
the floor lace downward. With his nose
and mouth gagged J>e had practically
smothered to death. He leaves a widow
and two children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
... «EW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
Putting on the
■ Finishing Touches
>^r\ i -^^Jii^TlMr " MT-T^^f^' Soon the curtain will be rung down upon an
\Y^^^^^Ztß^m 8 — \v\/ ) • event which has made quite a little commotion
(~ r <_/ Wfflla^^pßi^^^B^HßHi^iS^V^^l ' among the real swell dressers in San Francisco.
fttf^ 8 - : TU P f act Jkrir
J^ - v^# 1 lie LrdbL /\CL
/(II .. ■y?C^.'' :\ ' '.-^ ■r'Z:'^' :^-''^^^Ar If And the audience interested till the last and we'll
(|l^ .'-'•<'-''. '•". . Y^ keep you interested till the curtain rolls down. We'll
v\ • .-. * . yM^As^-' ■•?• U^»^ : JV^ kee P J olv interested till the very last moment.
A - ; : ;^V •f; 3^T/ ■.•'■" kg^^&.^r ';■-■§( "^fe^^ •i. \V ' T * s thvlast days of this remarkably high-class sale
||M^#f£^ • :^' ■''if '<*^fe l:^^^^'^'f> ' VV o/ 1 aU neW Spiking goods, equal to other stores' sir,
£*0 &Sm ■*'■"■ ;: '% '^w^?|^ff-^__i^^__&^i li Suits, equal to other stores' $15 Top Overcoats. The
it ; ff£J f last days of 'em and you'll see 'em in our corner win-
"^^SWfct /P r Q^J^'PS^ THE SUITS
/•'vd^??^jj^^Hß3 ' I tf— \' ' y^^^H/^l^^^P^B-K-^ dnd the assortment' of em reminds you of attending a Floral
* 'flfr \W]i® ffJB&. I'» fe^SMS^^^^H^^^ Festival. Each coloring is aglow with the life of Spring, reprc-
/ V m&'f 1/ « ! O /T^s '^iftfc^^K^P «f senting the very richest and highest class fabrics. Everything
/ I'll M?/A I m Sf /yt'>\ fe^^Ki^^Br Iw. that is fashionable; everything that is new. The extreme fash-
/ (I If I \&f^W ll' V re^fWlftetel ■'■ ionaole colorings and the conservative patterns, and the plain
( Vl® \ i^ / V ; ll Sif' ? dressy colorings; none are missing. The tailoring is par excel-
V \Jllf' \ WaWt 1 /?-'^■■-SS pfel 4_ lence itself. They were to be $15. We started an Introductory
\ /^Mt> ' I lla^\ 11 MfS Blf X Sale at $8.50 and it has been so successful that we have been
\j/fipiz} l \ HB '». '*\ ' n V-;->. :■' «$ compelled to continue it beyond the time allotted for it.
lfs§\i \f=J iirai^"\ I' I I"'- '' 1^ f It's now in its last days ; it's the last days of these clever Suits
'■^m' y \T//^v' «^^^\ 1 (I 1^ 'IS i^ C? '^ ■» '^s^3sj^3^3' I i*
WUjJK IIIf *' THE TOP COATS
WVM^'- Vv • I'M 1' ■ I That real swell Spring Overcoat in all its wealth of tailoring,
wMy-\mwA Cwf) mJI / in all its prettiness and nobbiness ; with its satin sleeve lining';
mm I 'WM\ s^ £s \ I in its rich shades of tan. These are the last days of these swell
\ \ i^ 1/ To/> Coats at
\ * 2 * C3 m «l 3 V^^ 6 i*
vp vft /^'inrsir^ysiroTrgir^Trß'TnrsirsTrfl' innnrars"a"a*a's g airsTnnnnnrinnnnpx
f^ '■ v^ io -But OTt & look into that corner window and you'll need no °<
fig g urging or coaxing to buy ; you'll need no guide or judge to 3
s<\^s v tell you .the values; the values stand out and spealc for 3
yo themselves, 3
C^JULSIJULSIiL2JLSLJLaiLSLJL2JI^ iL2JLJLJLaJLSLJLJLJLSLJLJLSLOJLA
THAT BIG STORE WITS THE TINY PRICES,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
TWO EKFTIITE BTJUjXHWGS — O FIjOOHS. *
!-^ ' •■ ■
PLOT TO INJURE
A STATE OFFICIAL
The Secretary of State
Accused of Riding
on a Pass.
His Pullman Slips Said to
Have Been Tampered
With.
Believes the Attack Upon Him
Comes From a Personal
Enemy*
6ACRAMENTO. Cal, April 21.— 1t i<
claimed that an attempt has been made
to injure Secretary of State Brown by
trying to prove that during his recent trip
to the East on business connected with
the methods of conducting Stato institu
tions there, he traveled on a pass, and
afterward charged his expenses to the
State.
It is said that recently some friends of a
discharged employe of the Capitol went
to {secretary Brown and toid him that it
was bsing said that during his trip east
ward he had been traveling on an annual
pass, and ;hat his vouchers for Piulruan
car slips would show this to bo the fact.
ThW aroused Secretary Browns sus
picions and he immediately went to the
Controller's othce and requt :ed to see
the expense account of bis trio, and in ex
am ning the voucher* attached it wns
found that they had been tampered with
and that all ttie I'jllman slips had been
punched in two places, once in the space
showing regular fare had been paid and
the other in the space headed "'Annual
Pass" — the latter having been made with
s. different size nunch from the other
holes in the slips.
Mr. Brown's anger was aroused and he
immediately instituted a searching inves
tigation, which it is c. aimed has resulted
in discovering that the suspected ex-em
ploye had been seeu in the Controller's
i.ilice with a punch in Us possession ; that
he t>ad been seen examining the vouch
ers attuc oil to the expense account of
Secretary of State Brown; that he bad
called attention to the fact of the punch
hois in the annual pass space and that be
bud attempted to get photographs- taken
of these slips, but that no positive in
formation could be arrived at proving
conclusively that be had personally made
th«> bogus holes In the slips.
When interviewed on ihe subject this
evening Secretary of State Brown said:
"I hat an attenint has been made to prove
that I, a State official, had been traveling
on n pa«s in the Eastern Stales while
making a tour of Eastern asylums ami
pri-ons is tru j beyond a possible doubt,
but (but there is anything in the story \n
that effect is absurd; and furthermore, I
had four traveling companions with me,
ah of whom can and will testify that I
purchased my tickets tin; same as* any one
else. I will acknowledge that this at
tempted dasttrdly attack has provoked
me greatly ami mat I have been investi
gating the matter closely and am fully
satiMi»d in my own amd who the perpe
trator oi it is and what his motive i?, but
a 9 sure as the sun shines it will react
against himself.
"1 have been informed that the scheme
originated with a former railroad em
ploye, woo resides in San Francisco, but
1 am not prepared to mention any names
at the present time, aud I can only say
that there is nothing whatever in t!:e
story except that an attempt has been
made to prove that I was violating that
section of ihe statutes which prohibits
any State olhcial from traveling on passes,
excent the Railroad Commissioners.
"This attempted attack may ari/e from
political motives, but 1 am more inclined
to believe that it is a strictly private move
on the p;in of the guilty individual."
PXJKR *'OOI> HELKfiATKS.
I'rotninent In Appointed to Attend the
' o»nr<"i* in lliis City.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, April 21.—Gov
ernor liudd to-day appointed the follow
ing delegates to the Pure Food Congress,
which meets in San Francisco on Friday
April 3D: ' "
'Louis Gcrstle, Horace G. Platt, J. W. Kerr,
Hußh Craig. John Roeenfeld, Irvine M. Scott,'
Leon SloM, Kobert Watt, Isaac Upnain, A. B.
Eoreckels, A. S. Baldwin, IJ. p. Oliver, s-an
Francisco; Klwood Cooper, Sauta Barbara; G.
L. Hun, Youutville; J. 11. hhine, tiouora; A.
J. ltd ar, Fresno; D. 11. Trout, Uculdcr Cfeek;
CM. Simpson, Pasadena; R. N. Bullu, Los
Angeles;. A. \V. North, Winters; F. L. Coombs,
Napa; Thomas A. Koables, Bodie; L. H. V'al
cin;si.-. Lot Angeles; W. K. Guy, Sau Diego-
W. M. Cutler, MarysviUe; J. X Gilleuc
Eureka; J. 11. S-.-awell, UJiiah; Giliis Doty'
XiX Grove; F. S. Stratton, Oakland ; -&' i.'
Smith, Bakcrsfletd; B. H. Androus, Pomona*!
D. L. Wiihinston, San Diego; Henry Foriman
Julian Soiiutag, Samuel jiis«incer, Jiimes
Spiers, Frunk L. Brown. Henry T. beott. Wake
ile!d Biikpr. J. B. bet-on, Levi Strauss. Robert
J.Tobln. Henry J. Crocker, Herman Shain
wald. Sun: Francisco; Arthur Brisgs, r". J.
Berry, Fresno; G. ilown d Thompson,' KB
I'oiiO, Mvi K:anciM-o; William T. Jeter. Santa
Cruz;Jame» H. Wiikias, Marin County; J. C
Kei>. John Swet\' Coutra <: s:a County ; Sam
uo- Rocker, San Jo>e; Jacob U. Xeff, Placer* L
P. Drexler, Fresno;. Alder An<l«r,on; Suisun*
C. F. Kubell, Bittcrwa'er; H. E. Wright. Borte
ley; Jo-i K. Snell, OrovilU-; J. K. Sanford,
Point Arena; . J. L. Burke. Santa Barbara;
Erskinc: Urei-r, Sacramento; James P. Cox
Folsom; 11. P. Stabler, Yul.a City; J. E. Camp,'
Perkins; 11. Dusterbury, Centervile; D A. Os
trom.'Wneatland; F. M. Righter, Campbell; B.
X. R<i«lpv. Fraticiiico; F. T. Duhritiij, So
noma;.M.J. Berry, Visalla; D. F. Fowler, W.
ft. Phillips, Fresno. '
■
I MARIN OFFICER'S ADVENTURE.
Rows for Life in a Leaking Boat and
Wins the Race With but a Few
Seconds io Spare.
SAUSALITO. Cal., April 21.— Under
I Sheriff John Harmon, wnile engaged in
t official business last night, had a thrilling
i and perilous experience in which he al
! most lost his life.
Hannon, who is one of the most popular
officials connected with Marln County's
government, left Sausalito in a Whitehall
i boat to serve a legal document on a man
I liviug in Belvedere, just across the bay
from Sausalito. lie rowed across Richard
sons Bny without incident and pulled up
un the Belvedere siJe. After dragging his
liont on the beach he walked over the
| hill into Belvedere, where he finished his
| business with all possible haste and re
-1 turned to the boat.
During his ab-ence some person may
I have tampered with the cra:t, for when
' the Under Sheriff was out in the rniUdle
! of the bay, between Sausalito and Belve
dere, the Whitehall commenced leaking.
The wcter gradually poured in and Har
mon saw that it meant a race for life.
! His first impulse was to cry for assistance.
; in the hope that Mis cries might attract
; the attention of some of the men on the
ships riding at anchor in the buy. In ti.is
lie was not successful. The nigh i was dark
mid a slight breeze carried the sound of
his voice away from the vessel.
The Under Sheriff then re«olved to make
efforts to reacii Sausalito. He exerted all
the strength in his muscles and the oars
| bent beneath the strain. Onward the
; leuking boat sped over the waters toward
| the glimmering electric lights on the wa
ler front of Sausalito. It was a struegle
: against wind, tide and water, and it
i seemed as though the officer was the loser.
"When 1 finally ran the boat on the
! beach at Sausaiito. " said Mr. Hannon this
1 evening, "iho water was up to the gun
i wales and would have sunk the craft bad
I been live minutes longer in it. It was
one of the worst experiences I have ever
bad. Tiio water commenced to leak in
when 1 was in the middle of Richardson*
B iy, and I thought my day had come. I
never worked so hard in my life, and when
I ran the boat on the beach you can bet I
breathed a sigh of relief."
Los A.y<;t.i.t:> SEXBA.TIOS.
Politician Xile* . Defendant in -Divorce
. I'receedtntf.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 21.—
null cation of the service of divorce pa
pers upon Edward J. Nile-, the politician,
caused much -ur ( >rise here to-day. Judge
Ling,. who represents the plaintiff, tiled
his complaint under section 96 of the Civil
Code, which specifies a certain form of
nepiect .13 desertion. ■ This is a special act
lramed in ■■ 1893. ' and • is , the only clause
whereby the statutory time of- one year
may be waived in tiling divorce papers.
Mr. Niles returned a few- days ago from
•Sacramento, .w here ha had been during
the legislative session. \ : ...
The attorney lor Mrs. Niles stales bis
disbelief in any contest on the part of the
defendant. The couple have a tirl 4 years
of age, and the court will be asked to give
it into the custody of its grandmother.
ISQVEST AT HOLLISTEK.
Murderer J'iemro Said to Have Died of
■< Broken Heart.
HOLLISTER. Cal , April 21.— "Died of j
a broken heart," such is the conclusion
reached by the Coroner's jury after the j
inquest over the body of Joseph Picaneo,
who ieli dead yesterday shortly after he j
had called upon God to smite him if he
knew aught of the murder of Ucrnadino
Assureo.
At the inquest it was brought out that !
Picaneo had killed his victim and set tire !
to his shanty, but ret' rniiiK later and j
finding that the body was not destroyed, j
he dismembered it and scattered the
portions in all directions, to make it ap
pear that wild beasts had torn the corpse.
Turner lint lonkrd In, tttnam.
OGDKN, Utah, April -Jl.— To-day the
actual condition of Will Tamer, who nar
rowly e.-caped d*ath in the recent mine
disaster at Brighara City, became public.
When the slide struck the engine-room
where Turner had taKeu refuge, it broke
in the roof and overturned the upright
boiier. Turner lay alongside and was un
conscious from the time the slide struck
him. For nine hours he was confined, be
ing literally cooked by the escaping steam.
During this time he kent up a continual
tapping against the boiier with a tin can
which he had grasped ;n he fell. He is
still in a critical condition, his face nnd
eyes, bands, arms, neck and chest being
terribly burned.
Portland JUan'* lindy lurnt to Stone.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 21.— 0n Feb
ruary last Ttionras Smith, a miner, was
accidentally killed here and the body has
been lying in the morgue awaiting ad
vices from Eastern friends. When the
body was examined to-day it was found
in a remarkable state of preservation
though no particularefforthad been made
to embalm it. During the weeks that
elapsed the remains have assumed the ap
pearance and the hardness of marble.
Beneath the whiteness of the skin the
veins and arteries show in a coppery
brown tracery, the most minute of the
blood conduits being brought out in plain
relief.
Poanengrrt for the luKon*
SEATTLE, Wash., April 21.-The
steamship Al-Ki, the last vessel to make
Dyea before the return ot the Yukoners
in she fall, sailed from Seattle :or Alaska
to-day with about 200 passengers, which
number will probably have been doubled
by the time she leaves the sound.
Balm fnr a Lacerated Heart.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 2L— Austin
Pratt to-day tiled a suit in ■ the Superior
Court against Josephine Mitchell for $10,
--000 damages for alienating.' the affections
of his wife. Mrs. Mitchell is charged with
having influenced Mrs. Pratt to leave her
husband and children.'
DIVORCED AT TACOMA.
Decree of Separation Granted to Dr.
Harrison, a Cousin of the Duke
of Fife.
TACOMA, Wash., Anril 21.— Dr. Robert
Harold Harrison, cousin of the Duke of
Fife, was to-day granted a divorce from
Blanche Harrison on statutory grounds,
Ralph Moore of Charleville, County Cork,
Ireland, being named as co-respondent.
The case has been of special interest from
the fact that the plaintiff is the well
known chief surgeon of the Asiatic liner
Victoria, now in port The defendant is
prominently connected with London
(England) social ci rcles, while it is reported
that the co-respondent is a captain in the
royal navy.
The Harrisons were married in Dublin,
Ireland, in July, 1884, and have one child,
who was born in April, 1885. Mr. Har
rison sued for possession of this child,
alleging that ms wife was not a tit person
to have charge of her.
Evidence was introduced here to show
that in 1800 uivorce proceedings were
brought by Dr. Harrison in the Court of
Chancery in Dublin on statutory grounds,
and although the allegations of the bill
were proved, the court granted a legal
separation only, which does not authorize
either of the parties an absolute divorce,
an act of Parliament being necessary to
effect absolute divorce under the laws of
Ireland. Dr. Harrison has made his
home at Tacorna for the past six years.
Be.Hographic Si-jnaling at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 21.—Lieuten
ant Connolly and Sergeant, Grigsley of
Company H, First United States Infantry,
stationed there successfully transmuted
heliograohic signals oy means of colored
torch lights a distance of lour miles iroin
the barracks here to the iieignta above
Old Town. For three month* olticers arid
men have been working on the scheme,
but it was not until last night tliat the
conditions were considered favorable
enough for a trial. For two hours th»
squad: of men talked and transmitted
long message? to each other without re
peating a word.
Rail I> it titter at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., April 21.— A switch
engine which was shunting cars to-day on
to (he switcn on the north end of the
Soutnern Pacific east side frei2hthous9
left the track at the wharves and
plunged down into the river. Engineer
Paulson and Fireman Williams were car
ried down with the engine. Paulson
jumped into the river and Willis ma
landed safa and dry on the uock. The en
gineer swam ashore. Neither were hurt.
Peculiar Heath of lir. i/>nteu.
OGDEN, Utah , April 21.— Dr. Jensen, a
prominent physician at Huntsville, ««nst
of Ogden, was instantly killed this morn
in«r by falling during an attack nf dizzi
ness. He struck his. head upon a nail,
which entered his left temple.- Dr. Jensen
has piacticed'in this county for twenty
years.
34
REVELRY'S GATES
ARE OPEN WIDE
Fiesta Pageant of Sur
passing Beauty at
Los Angeles.
!
Shift and Shimmer of Golden
Spears, Buglers, Dragons
and Plumes.
j
An Unrivaled Spectacle Sweeps
Majestically Before the Queen i
and Throne.
LOSANGELKS, Cat. , April 21.— The
good and beautiful Franceses, queen of
festivity and merry-making, made good <
■use of the golden key to the city's gates
putioto her keeping last night. She sim
ply turned it in the Jock, allowed the
pates to swing back and declared the city
'•wide open."
With this morning began the revel, and i
it runs at its pure bent and without re- j
straint. The first shaft of the hot south- !
crn sun was haiied by a thunder of con- i
non such as roused, not only the queen j
and her ministers and her gay court, but
ail her glad subjects, to a realization that
they should be up and about their busi
ness of having fun.
Very shortly afterward the streets began I
to fili up with the devotees of pleasure. !
Men in origin costumes tailored hither
and thither. The shrill cries of the faker
and the man with the hesta badge for sale
Tied with the fiesta whistle, while the
fiesta whistle waa itself fairly outdone by
a still later and more terrible toy in the
form of a miniature calliope. A* the sun j
cKmbed up toward the zenith the side- j
wa.ks along the line of march began to j
thicken with early and patient spectators, j
Bands of music strayed here and there
through the streets, with no more appar
ent motive than merely to march and live !
a rhythmic measure to the festival spirit
that pulsed in the air. Sometimes they
were foiiowed by detachments of soldiers i
or other fragments of a division.
It was the assembling of the great day
light parade. The rendezvous was the
vicinity of the tribune*, for the procession J
was to tile before the Queen first, and be- (
fere it had become travelworn and dusty,
M has been the custom heretofore. The '
tribunes ruled up rapidly as the hour lor
the start approached, anil when tue Queen j
was aunounced tnere was a vast concourse >
ready lo give her a royal welcome. As !
the buglers rode into the iuclosure and '.
cave their shrill warning the waiting;
throng leaned forward expectantly. The j
'•Queen's Own," the lancers with their j
kg. den spears, l»d the way to ihe mnsic |
of the "Fiesia" march. The lancers I
cleare.i the way, and the royal procession
entered and moved, with that slow dig- ;
nity that belongs 10 royalty, down the j
long stre.ch of the arena toward the .
throne. Arrived tnere the Jancers lined i
up on the nor;h side of the approach.
Prime Minister Thomas took his place i
on the lower step, and, as the Qaten'scar- '
riage ed, lie orencd the door and let ;
her Majesty, followed by the rages carry
ing her lone train, up the golden step* to |
tup golden throne, under the shelter of a j
golden canopy. Every step of her way j
down the arena and until and after the j
Queen had taken her place on the throne, |
me assembled people cheered and ar
-1 iauded her Majesty. Tie ladies of the
court followed up the steps and took their
places about her, forming a very attract- I
ive picture. The Queen was arrayed in
flowing robes of royal purple, her dark
bail being set off beautifully with the gold
and jeweled crown. The ladies of the .
court were Pressed in white and delicate !
tints of pink and blue and green, and
stood in groups of four. The open enr
riaee* were completely buried in white,
warln« plumes, while the drivers were
dressed in gay colors corresponding with
tue colors worn by the occupants. The
indies wore wid»-brimmed hat*, with
trimmings of appropriate tints, and car
ried parasols of the same shades. The
royal party being ?:ationed, the signal was
given, the buglers cave their call ana
Grand Marshal Madison T. Owena gave j
tiie order to march.
For two hours thereafter the gieat
ampnitheater was a moving spectacle,
comprising the dash and plunge of horses.
the trlint and glitter of the sun upon gold
and steel and tinsel, the shift and shim
mer, the comoinlng and reccmbining of
gorgeous colors, the clanging of the cym
bals and beaming of tomtoms of "the
Orient, tne majestic swing and cadence of
military bands, the ruoible of fire engines
and the rhythmic swing of the military to
the beat of drums. It was a thoroughly
inspiring two hours from the salute of the
erand marshal and his aids to the last
• wish of the Chinese dragon's tail of the
pageant.
It was shortly after 2 o'clock when the
grand marshal led the Jong line dp before
tne throne, and, wheeling about with his
aids, Lieutenant-Colonel Welch, Major
C. S. Meredith. Major J. D. Fredericks,
Lieutenant W. P. Jones, lifting up their
t words, saluted.
ins first division wa° made up of a bat
talion from the United States nary and
companies F. A, C and I, Seventh Regi
ment, N. G. C. located in this city and
Pasadena. At the bead of the division
was Colonel John D. Berry, marshal, and
Lieutenant-Colonel W. J. Scbrieber,
Captain 11. D. Alfonso. Captain A. S.
C'iark, aids. They were dressed in full
uniform and rode spirited horses.
Immediately following were the marines,
in holiday uniform, their white aucK suits
and general equipment giving them an
exceedingly handsome appearance. The
navy continzent lined up as follows, with
Lieutenant A. F. Fecbteler, commanding,
Ens:;;!! P.. y. J)r»ugiasF. adjutant;
pioneers: tanner. W. A. Babson ; car
penter, <i. J. Shaw; tirst company, sea
men from the Monterey, Liautenant Harry
Kinmell; second company, seamen from
ihe Mpnadnock, Lieutenant A. G. Koeers ;
tuird com: any, seamen from the Men
terev. Lieutenant H. A. Field, Ensing F.
R. Hughes; fourth company, seamen from
ttie Monadnock, Lieutenant A. M.
Beecher; ambu.ance corps.
Tne feature of the division was of course
the navy, with their perfect drill and con
tdent swing. They performed evolu-
tions all the way down the arena, and
before the throne lined up and saluted in
excellent form, being applauded vocifer
ously.
Almost equally impressive was the con
tingent of the National Guard following.
i They were: Battalion Seventn Regiment,
National Guards, Major D. R. Weller com
manding; Captain N. S. Bangham. acting
adjutant; A. M. Austin, first lieutenant
and commissary; E. H. Hutcbinson, first
lieutenant and quartermaster; Company
F, Captain F. L. Reynolds commanding;
Company A, Captain Robert Wantowsky
commanding; Company C, Captain S. B.
' Langworthy commanding; Company I,
! Pasadena. First Lieutenant W. L. Lippin
cott commanding.
The second division advanced to the
'■ strain* of Roncovieri'a Fiesta march. The
marshal. Colonel M. M. Ogden, led the
way, followed by hi.« splendidly mounted
Lieutenant A. M. Austin (chief ol
staff). Frank Hannon, Fred C.Gottschallr,
! Rees Llewellyn, L. Loeb, Sherman Pease,
Louis Brown and J. Btum. The Los An
-1 s;eles military band kepi these loyal snb-
I jects In perfect step and time as they
, innrched past the royal pavilion. •.
The Fremont Signal Corps came next,
their appearance reassuring, the people
with regard to the weather during the
week. , .
The srcDnd division held up the honor
of two foreign powers— Francs and Italy.
The L*gion Francaise was commanded by
Captain Billaude, and numbered about
i sixty men. the tricolor floating in the
breezs along with the stars and tripes.
The Garibaldi Guards followed, their
salute to the Queen, being acknowledged
gracefully.
The High School Cadet* brought up the
rear of this division. The company, of
more than fifty boys in excellent military
i discipline, wore a natty uniform of pure
I white, which showed finely against the
: dark uniforms around them.
The third division was composed en
| tirely of horsemen. C. A. Sumner was
marshal, and his aids were: C. Apabia-a,
H. K. Crawford, Otto Zahn, N. W.
Queirole, F. Grant and C A. Sumner.
'lhe Riverside band was followed by over
eighty members of the Royal Foresters
excellently mounted and arrayed in span
new and bright uniforms.
A mounted troop of young men from
the Los Angeles Military Academy, to tne
number of "twenty-five, were next in line.
The boys wore gray coats and white pan
taloons', and sat in the saddle like
veterans. They gave abundant evidence
of having had liberal training in cavalry
tactics. A battalion of boys on Shetland
ponias brought up the rear of the third
division, and the end was quite as inter-,
esting as the head. The ponies and their
youthful riders presented a charming pic
ture. The boys were in uniform ana had
complete control of their animals. They
executed a very clever salute as they
passed the throne.
A very pretty feature of this division
was little Anna Kes^ler, mounted upon a
trick pony, and her still smaller sister
mounted on a still smaller Shetland pony.
The horses were driven tandem, the
smaller in front, with Miss Anna standing
upright upon her saddle. As the pair
stopped in front of the throne the smaller
child saluted gracefully from her seat.
Then they moved a few steps forward and
the older girl leaped to the ground and
made a low curtsey. Turning, the horse
dropped bis head, the child stepped upon
it, took hold of the mane, and the horse,
lifting its head, dropped the girl into her
saddle, to the wild plaudits of the people.
And now the caballnrosl They were in
the fourtu division, or, rather.* the big
end of it. But the caballeros were not the
caballeros of the past two years. The
humane society has interfered with the
caballero to an extent that renders him
comparatively tame. It appears that the
prancing ol h\s steed was the result of a
pull upon a bit that has been discovered
to be cruel and is therefore forbidden.
The canalleros were sixty strong. They
wore costumes that were distinctly Max -
can. The material was of green corduroy,
with yellow satin trimming, silver braid
and abundantly decorated with spangles.
The sombrero?, with tall crowns and,
broad rims, were in harmony as to style.
The aids wore black velvet with gold
trimmings. Saddles, bridles, spurs- and
other equipments we in keeping with
the styie ■'. affected.' They - present ja
handsome and dashing appearance, if not
quite bo dashing as heretofore.
Characteristic Floats in the Fiesta
Parade.
The mission Indian*, with war paint
and oows and arrows, riding quite as reck
lessly as the tamed caballeros, followed
that company and matte a very prop»r
obeisance to the Qupen. JThe squaws came
alter in a market wagon.
Randtburg was represented by a stage
coach and a line of pack uor«es and uon
keys. A band of country musicians on a
hay wagon brought np the rear of the di
vision. The division was in charge of J.
C. Clina as marshal, with A. C. Freeman,
TV. L. Vail and < . \V. Winston as aids.
Tiie fifth civision was made up of Ori
ental color and goreeousness. The Chi
nese outdid themselves thi» time. Their
dragon was of magnificent proportions
and terrible aspect. It extended half the
length of the tribune*, and humped itself
and swayed from sida to side in a most
satisfying fashion. It was followed by a
smaller but much more lively and appar
ently vicious dragon, with rolling eyes
and lashing tail. The dragons were baited
and tormented by a band of young heath
ena in front, which they were made to ap
pear as very anxious to devour.
There were 250 Chinere in this division.
They wore costumes that were exceed
ingly brilliant in colors. Every garment
worn by the dignitaries was a marvel of
beauty. Some were elaborately embroid
ered in gold and silver. The banners and
flags -.rere mad* of eilk and ?atin and em
fcellisbed with gold embroidery. Some of
the banners were so large as to* require the
**rvicM of a dozen men to carry t hi- m.
There were many mounted men'in line!
and UHM, like thone on foot, were elabo
rately costumed. Three, occupying high
places in the councils of the six compa
nies, were made particularly conspicuous
by reason of their rich costumes. Man
darins of the «econd rank rode in car
riage* a.'ong with tne members of the Chi
nese Board of Trade and invited guests
from San Francisco. In the ranks were
men representing soldiers, carrying the
weapons of war fare of a style used thou
sands of years ago. Ttaer* were great
TMK SAJN JbKAJN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
MAYOR PATTERSON OF POMONA.
PASADENA. Cau, April 21.— Charies P. Patterson has been elected Mayor of
Pomona by the largest vote ever given a member of the City Council. The issues in
the recent city campaign were high license for two saloons and prohibition of tbe
local liquor traffic The former won after the warmest and most interesting campaign
ever known in Pomona Valley. The bigh license party advocated that prohibition of
the sale of intoxicants in Pomona had been a failure in two years of prohibition rule in
lhat city. It proposed to license two saioons at $1000 each a year, and to have the
saloons run under the strictest police regulations, and under bonds of $6000 each to
observe the laws made for their regulation.
Mayor Patterson is a native of Wayne County, New York. He was formerly a
strong Conkling Republican in tbe Empire State, and is to-day as sturdy a Republi
can as may be found in all California. He bids fair to be a very popular ofticar in
Pomona.
spear*, long lances, mighty battle-axes
and other curious implements. The Chi
nese display illustrated in a measure tbe
character of a holidaj' parade in the .Flow
ery Kingdom.
A3 was perfectly in keeping with
tbe character of the sixth division,
a fire alarm bell heralded its com
ing and kept the horses in a lively
state of mind. Walter & Moore, chief
engineer, led tbe division, with the Pasa
dena band playing the "Fiesta March."
Then followed a co'or escon, made up of
tiremen A. Cocnran, Jame« Simmons.
William Shearer and Art. Cinentber: a
barouche with the Board of Fire Commis
sioners — Mayor M. P. Snyaer, chairman;
J. Kuhrts, Georje Sin^abaugh, Frank
i Sabichi and C. M. Wells.
The engines and trucks of the entire de
partment were in line all gavly dressed in
flowers and burnished to the highest de
gree of brightness.
The hook aivl ladder company, with its
aerial turntaoie truck, created a sensation
by running the ladders into the air before
the Quean, the ladder being mounted by
one of the ladder men, the whole perform
ance being accomplished in a few minutes.
As» the end of tbe procession approached
tbe Queen's lancers retired, and in a few
iu unite? returned mounted and stood
reaay to escort the Queen at her pleasure
and, in the meantime, to Keep tbe crowd
frem pressing upon the throne. The mr-
rangemenc was perfect. The Queen and
party were placed in their carriages with
no disturbance of their dignity. The car
riages fell in line at the end of the proces
sion and wound with it through the
thronged streets of the city, receiving ex
pressions of good will from the people
everywhere.
To-night the streets are illuminated with
electric lights and crowded with noisy
merry-makers.
m
LA tlBttTA. CUXCERT.
Many Salon and Op-rmtic Selection* Ren
dered Be for* It oy nit ij.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 2L— The sec
ond day of La Fiesta closed with a grand
concert at Hazard's Pavilion, which, from
both a spectacular and musical stand
point, proved a veritable triumph. The
Pavilion itself, still gorgeously decorated
with the trappings of the masquerade
bail he a there the previous evening, was
in every respect a suitable setting for such
a function, especially when the latter was
to be graced by the presence of royalty.
The hall was crowded with an expectant
throng of people, one and all arrayed in
holiday dress. - Shortly after 8 o'clock the
heralds sounded a fanfare, her Majesty,
Queen Francises, preceded by her guard
of honor, escorted by Prime Minister
Thomas and accompanied by her pages
and maids of honor, entered the pavilion
and, amid the plaudits of her loyal sub
jects, liowJy ascended the center aisle and
took her seat under ' a splendid red and
yellow canopy which stood on the left
hand side of the platlorm. Her entry
was the signal lor the orchestra to play
the grand "Fiesta March," specially com
posed for this occasion by L F. Gntts
chalk, the musical director, and dedicated
to her Majesty.
The march concluded Prime Minister
Thomas advanced with dignity and an
nounced amid renewed applause that the
Queen, recognizing and appreciating the
motives which dictated and inquired this
inspiriting work, had b*en eracioaslr
pleased to bestow upon Mr. Gott?chalk
the rank of composer and musical director
to her royal self.' The fortunate recipient
of this happy distinction bowed his
acknowledgment! and the concert pro
ceeded. -
An excellent and varied programme
was splendidly rendered by a full orches
tra. There was also a large and well
trained chorus under abl« principals.
The soloists and vocalists were encored
without exception, and received numer
ous bouquets in the coarse of the evening.
Advances miKie on inrnmire ana pianos, with
or without removal, J. Noon an, 1017-1023 Mission.
.. . . . ' : .••-.-•-.
VETERANS CHEER
SALINAS GIRLS
Men of the Grand Army
Bombarded with
Bouquets.
The Department Commander
Criticizes Civil Service
1 Reform.
Annual Reports and Addresses and
a List of the Delegates In :
Attendance.
SALINAS. Cal , April 21. — Salinas
capitulated to the Grand Army of the Re
public to-day without the slightest re
sistance. So shells were thrown, but
some bouquets were tossed.
Formal possession of the city was taken
when the veteran guard, headed by
Captain Joseph KnowUon, marched from
the depot to the Abbott House to music
by the Third United States Artillery band
from Angel Island. An immense throng
of spectators admired the splendid corps
and cheered the uniformed veterans. The
city of Salinas is beautifully decorated in
honor of the thirtieth department en
campment of the Grand Array.
True patriotic style is displayed in the
adornment of the buildings on Main
street and other prominent buildings on
every band. The veterans are hospitably
greeted by the generous people of this
progressive city. The capacity of the
hotels. is already overtaxed, and many of
the comrades, as well as ladies of. the
Women's Relief Corps, have been es
corted to private residences. S*H
The delegates to the encampment as
sembled at the opera-bouse at 2 o'clock.
Girls from the public schools were tnere
with baskets ol dowers, and each veteran
was decorated as he entered the hall. As
soon as the assembly was called to order
three cheers were given for the girls. The
following representative Grand Army
comrades here have registered at head
quarters:
San Francisco— J. H. Garratt, C. Mason
Klnne, H. C. Dibble, John Tuttle, Charles H.
Biinn, J. H. Gilmore, H. L. Tickner, W. K. Par
nell, Horace Nilioo, George Stone. Joseph
Simonson, J. G. Giesting, Hutch M. Burke, C.
A. Sumner, J. c. Currier, T. C Masteller,
Eugene Wiegand, J. J. Lyon, Joseph Knowl
ton, J. A. Whltesides.Jobn F. Sheehnn, H.EcJel
man, J. C. Scoville. Sol kahu, Jerome Deasy,
S. H. Hunt, W. J. Riddlck. W. H. Wharff. Rev.
J. A. Cruzan, J. Murray Bailer.
Sacramento— T. W. Sheenan, Frank Miller,
O. l\ Dodge, C. E. Adams, W. W. Seaman,
George Kicks.
San Jose— Dr. L. Finigah, A. G. Bennett, W.
G. Hawley.
Oakland— E. W. Woodward, Frank Cashing.
Santa Cruz— J. F. Cunningham, J. T. Sulli
van. ■ .
Santa Rosa— Judge R. F. Crawford, S. D.
Sweeizer. . .
Stockton— Jame* E. Eaton.
Salinas— S. M. Archer, E. K. Abbott, D. J.
; King, J. G. Joy.
Marysville— J. B. Fuller.
Nevada City— Judge J. If. Walling.
. Suisun— Judee A. J. Baclclea. - ■ .
Los Gatos— Maenus TaiL
Son Diego— A. F. Dill. ■ . -
Veterans' Horns— Charles E. Graham, F. L.
Clarke.
Petaluma— L. Wln&ns. David 81 ope
Red Bluff— X. p. Chlpman.
Carson City, New— C. J. Boskowitz, T. C.
Maiteller.
The department commander, made the
sad announcement « that -Lieutenant-
Colonel C. X. Gouiden, delegate from
Unity Post, Veterans' Home. Yountville,
died here this morning. He left the hos
pital at the home against the advice of
liii friends to attend the encampment.
The remains of the comrade will be es- i
corted to the depot to-morrow by the
Veteran Guard. •
Commander T. C. . Masteller'a : speech
calling the representatives to order was
brief. It was decided, while waiting for a
report from the committee on credentials,
to hear the annual address of toe com
mander and the reports of other depart
: ment ofliccrs. The commander mentioned
with pleasure that, acting . upon the sue
gestion of the California department, the
last National encampment made the read
ing of Lincoln's Gettysburg address a part
of the exercises of Memorial day. The
increased interest snown in California in
the observance of the day was remarked
in the address. -
In regard to the Sons of Veterans, the
address »ays: ■ • "
I am pleated to note that there is a rerlral
in interest and improvement in morale in
tills organization in ihu department, wh«r« it
has so longr feebly struggled for existence. It
Is an order that deserves the sympathy and the
encouragement of every veteran, it is to take
up the work we are so soon to lay down, and
to manago the destinies of the country we
have saved as its inheritance. Ido not think
its members should ever become members of
our order, because our bond is one that can
not be shared with those whose ties with us
were not welded in the furnnce of war, but we
can be of material assistance to the organiza
tion and aid in its uoDuildlne, and it should
ba the duty of each oi us to do what we can
ioriu success.
The management of the Veterans' Home
at Yountvil.e was commended, and tba
efficiency of the board of directors
praised. Sevan hundred veterans are cared
fcr at the home.
The services of the committee appointed
to secure legislation came in for recogni
tion. The address commends the Jaws
pasted by the last Legislature.
On t!ie subject of civil service the com
mander spoke as follows:
Xo matter, unless it be the subject of pen
sion legislation, :s of more vital interest to
the members oi the Grand Army of the Re
public— in all ex-Union soldiers, sailors and
marine* :han is the at present all absorbing
one of "ciTii service reform.' 1 This encamp
ment should, in my ot.iuion, appeal by reso
lution to the Senator* and Represcntntives in
Congress from the States included within our
territorial limits for a redress of the wrongs
perpetraud unon the Union veteran under
the guise of reformation of the civil service,
and demand oi them the full measure of jus
tice, and the President snould be asked
to suspend or modify the rules until
Congress acts, If it be within his p.jvrer to do
so. Thousands of one-armed and otherwise
crippled veterans, perfectly competent, to per
form the duties ol tne positions they held, and
equally incompetent by reason of their infimi
ties to meet with Bucceas in competition with
the young aud physically sound who jostle
against them everywhere, have been trans
ferred to places where physical strength and
endurance were indispensable, In order togive
excuse for demanding their resignations, and
when resignation was not forthcoming, they
have been charged on the record with incom
petency and summarily dismissed to make
room for others whote only qualification was
a record of faithful work along strictly party
lines. Civil service ru.es now cover the posi
tions of watchmen, messengers, sweepers and
almost everything else on the list, aud many
armless, legiess and otherwise crippled
veterans are not able to pass a
civil service examination although well
adapted for positions of tnis nature. Under
the present system of examination boy* fresh
from the high schools, or college graduates,
get the plums; veterans are barred by age and
by the struggle for existence which began im
mediately upon their discharge from the .>-er
yice and winch prevented them from acquir
ing the technical knowledge necessary to
properly answer the mnny i: relevant and im
material questions submitted by the Civil Ser
vice Commission to bewilder them. It would,
in my judgment, be the proper thing for the
present Congress to so modify the civil service
rules as to permit tne appointment of honor
ably discharged soldiers, sailors and marines,
and their widows, witaout regard to party
affiliation, to any branch oi the civil service
not requiring technical skill or knowledge,
without a civil service examination, and 1 be
lieve proper agitation by the Grand Army will
secure such result.
Commander Masteller's reference to
civil service changes evoked prolonged ap
plause.
The report of the adjutant-general
shows tue number of comrades in good
standing to be 5405, a loss of 336 during the
year. The totai number of posts in good
standing is 113. a loss of two during the
jear.
An interesting report is that of J. J.
Lyun, mortuary registrar. It contains
this calculation:
Recent official calculations have been made
at Washington, based upon there huviug been
1.154.810 surviving Union veterans in 1895,
from which an estimate is made, based up-.n
morality tables, indicating that the number
of deaths will be about as noted during the
perfsd indicated :
18S5-1900 155,471
1901-1905 .. . 179 G42
19OG-1910 194'42U
1911-1915 liKi.JO-l
1916-192U 178, 000
1920-1930 79 040
1931-1938 30!757
1936-1941 ... 5,950
Leaving surviving 340 in 1940 and ah de
ceased in 1945. The Dm! ratings cun well be
questioned, as several Revolutionary War vet
erans lived over 100 years ana a number of
those engaeed in the war of 1312 are still sure
viving, so that it is quite probable that som
of the members ol the (irand Army will wit
ness the advent oi the last half of the twen
tieth century.
The full report from A. J. Bucfcles, J. M.
Walling and J. J. Lyon, the committee on
legislation, was submitted.
To-night Main street was beautifully
illuminated. Mayor Harris welcomed
the Grand Army at the Opera-house.
Patriotic addresses and music followed.
Ex- Assemblyman Lacey, Dr. Edwards and
H. C. Dibble addressed the audience.
There was great enthusiasm. The p&rade
will take p:acj to-morrow. The head of
the column will move at 11 a. m. Captain
M. J. Durke is to be marshal of the pro
cession ana Troop C, National Guard, will
act as e«cort.
Pan Diego and Nevada City are contend
in? for the encaniMiient of U8&
One hundred delegates to the State con
vention of the Woman's Relief Corps re
sponded to the roilcall at Odd Fellows'
Hall tins afternoon. Laura J. Robin-on,
department prts dent, reported the ordtrr
to be In excellent condition.
Much interest is manifested in the en
campment of the Sons of Veterans- Ac
cordins to the reports read to-day the
California division is gaining in member
ship and prestige.
Mayor Harris to-night presented to the
Grand Army a beautiful silken and gold
fringed banner bearing the inscription:
"The Combination to Our Hearts and
Homes— Charity, Valor, Sell-sacrifice and
Patriotism." In the center is an imita
tion of a safe-combination knob.
The department convention of the
ladies f>f the Grand Army met at Pythian
Hall, Mrs. Bell Herr, the department
president, presiding. The attendance was
good. A leception was given to-night.
General Pratt and C. L. Wilson were
among the arrivals to-night.
The encampment aajourned until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
TOOK HER OWN LIFE.
Hew Mrs George Devecchi Re
venged Herself on Her
Husbanl
They Came to Blowi at Ncoa Orer a
Trival Mailer and Tw > Hons
Later She Was D.cd.
Mrs. George Devecchi of 532 Eddy
street qunrreled with her husband at
noon yesterday, and after ho had left th<s
bon-e she swallowed half ot the contents
of a b >ttle of carbolic acid.
Hercondition was discovered a f<»w min
uter Liter by neighbors, and Dr. E. E.
Hill of 700 Ellis street was hastily sum
moned, iie administered antido.ea, but
the corrosive poison had already take.i
effect and at 2 o'clock tbe woman expired.
She was a native of Massachusetts, 27
years old and left two yountr children.
Her husband drives a team for Patrick
Lyncn's coalyara on Larkin street. He
told Deputy Coroner Tyrrell that whfn he
came home at noon be and his wife bad
words about a trivial matter.
Mr. Tyrrell asked Devecchi whether he
had struck the woman, and he replied:
'"Yes; we came to blows."
When the body was examined at the
Morvus a bruise was found on . ne top ot the
forenead of the deceased on the right-hand
side. It is difficult to say wnether it was
caused by a biow irotu her husbaud'a list
or from a fall.
Dr. Gallagher made an autopsy in the
afternoon, tin fcund that death had been
caused by carbolic acid. Toeemptr botil*
was found in the asu barrel of the Dc
vecchi residence.
Thrte 3tont.it fmr Murder.
WILLIAMSON. W. Va-, April 21.—
Captain Hattield, tne notorious desperado,
was sentenced to tLre* months' imprison
men; and fined $300 to-day for killing
Jobn Ruthfrforii last XoTembtr.
CONVICTS FIGHT
TO THE DEATH
Duel Between Prisoners
in the San Quentin
Penitentiary.
"The Rat" Kelly Attacks and
Fatally Stabs Frank
Wheeler.
Receives in Return a Cash on the
Throat Which Rasults In
His Death.
SAN QUEXTIN'. Cat,., April 2L— An
awful tragedy was enacted within the pre
cincts of the State's prison at an early
hour this morning. W. R. Kelly, a con
vict serving a fourteen years' sentence for
a burglary committed in Sacramento
County, stabbed a fellow-prisoner in the
abdomen with a dirk. The attacked con
vict, Frank Wneeler, a notorious charac
ter known as "Ohio Fatty," drew a razor,
and with one stroke slashed Kelly's neck
from ear to ear, severing the artery.
Kelly died to-night, and Wheeler cannot
recover.
The affray occurred at 6:30 o'clock.
The 1355 prisoners confined at San Quen
tin are released from their cells at 6
o'clock, and according to the rules of the
prison each man must empty his bucket
and clean his cell. The convicts marched
out as usual, and when they were in the
yard Kelly made the assault upon
Wheeler. He stabbed him with a weapon
which he had concealed about his person,
and Wheeler protected himself with a
razor which be bad. How the men came
into possession of these weapons the
prison authorities do not know. Both
worked in the jutemill, where they
handle knives, but neither weapon was
obtained mere.
Dr. Lawlor, the resident physician, when
seen this afternoon said tnat the row oc
curred just outside the hospital and with
out loss of time the men were carried in.
Ttien it was found that Kelly's injuries
would prove tatal. while there was hope
for Wheeler's recovery. When stretched
out on tables in the hospital Kelly said to
Wheeler:
"Say, didn't I come up to yoa like a
man? I didn't strike you in the back.
Wasn't it square? Say, to show that
tbere'- no baa feeling between us, give
me a 'ball' and let me die like a man."
Kelly was an opium fiend and referred
to opium when he -a.d he wanted a
"ball."
Frank Wheeler is one ff the most des
perate criminals in the country. He
gained considerable notoriety some years
ago by escaping from San Quentin. That
j was in 1888. He was located in lowa
1 in 1892 and wa> confined in the Joliei
| and Sing Sing prisons, but escaped from
j both. He captured fn Loa Angeles
I and is serving time for burglary. It was
Wheeler who last year stayed hidden
in the jutemill for sixty hours in an
effort to escape from the pri on.
W. R, Kelly was known as "The Rat' ;
and "Little Shanahan." He was con
victed of Durglary in tb" nrst degree. For
some time past he aud "W n-eier had been
foes. Last Sunday they commenced to
neb., but were separated by guards.
The dirk with which Kelly stabbed
Wheeler was of rude constiuction, with a
blade about rive inches in length. The
razor which Wheeler wielded was without
a handle.
Warden Hall said to-day tbat the men
had quarre.e i about opium an i it was prob
ably * dispute over the drug which led to
the assault. However, it is mown that
Kelly said the night oefore that he would
"do up" Wheeler in the morning, and he
took the first opportunity, for the prison
ers had not been out of their cells ten
minutes when the stabbing took place.
The prisoners In the yara did not create
any d'.s.urtance and the men were taken
to the bospital without excitement or
commotion.
Kelly admitted that he was the assault
ing party and that Wbeeler only protected
himself. He died this morning at 7:30,
thirteen hours after nis jugular was
severed. Dr. Law.'or made every effort to
save the prisoner's life and the artery was
tied above and below the cut. It is not
expected that Wheeler will survive the
terrible wound that fie received at the
hands o f Keilv.
TAKEN AT SACRAMENTO.
While Warning a Place of Robbery, Detec
tive Taib.t Meets and Neatly Captures
ihe Suspected Robber.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 21.-Ever
since read:ng the exclusive article in The
Call of the 20».h inst, describing the rob
bery of the hardware-store of L. A. John
son at Arbuckle, Colusa County, the drill
ing of the safe and the attempted killing
of Constable J. O. Brown of that town
when attempting to arrest the despera
does, Po.ice Detective William Talbot of
this city has been on the lookout for the
two n^n whose method of working he
had recognized as being that of two no
torious croons who, but a short time be
fore, he had run across in this city ana
hud shadowed for a time.
When the men found that they were
known and had no chance to "turn a
trick," as they term it, they disappeared
and presumably went to Arbuckle and
committed the robbery there. The next
night they committed a robbery in Max
weli.
This evening Talbot learned that they
had returned and were laving plans to
rob rome uptown saloon, intending to pre
aeut a nisiol at tl:e barkeeper aud demand
the receipts of the day. As soon as Talbot
fc?came assured that his information was
correct he made a tonr ol the first-class '
ho-ise- to put the barkeeper* on tbeir
KXW TO-OAT.
One of our specialties is the
treatment of children's eyesight
by modern scientific methods
and with new and special instru-
ments for the examination.
Testing free.
A. NORDMAN. I. NOROMAN.
STANDARD OPTICALCo
217 Kearny Street, S. F.
guard, and while in an uptown saloon giv
ing the barkeeper a description of the
man who would probably do the wore the
door opened and be 'walked in. Talbot
drew his pistol Ijke a flash, and, getting
the drop on the desperado, toid bin to
throw up his bauds. He handcuffed him
and took him to tbe City Prison.
The prisoner gave tee name of Tom
Willis. It is claimed he has seen tbe
inside of nearly every prison in the United
States and British Columbia. At all
events he is badly wantad by tn a Sher ff
of Colusa County, and will probably be
sent up there to-morrow. His pal, who
was presumably on the outlook when Wil
lis entered the saloon, escaped, but tbe
police are searching for him and it is
i bought tbat h* will be picked up bfore
morning. This makes several important
captures which have been made by the
police force cf thi< city within the present
month of noted crooks wanted in other
cities for important robberies.
EX-AUDITOB SMILEY.
Lying at the Point of LJcath in the
French Hospital.
Ex-Auditor Thomas J. L. Smiiey is not
expected to iive many hours, hi fact, it
was the opinion of the resident physician
at the French Hospital tbat be would not
survive over last night.
He entered the hospital three weefci aj;o
for treatment of the heart. The treatment
he received was beneficial and hopes had
been eniertained for his speedy recovery
uutil last Saturday night, when, at 11
o'clock, he received a paralytic stroke
which affected hie left side. Irom this h<
tailed to revive and gradually grew wors«
until he eventually became unconscious,
in which condition he was at 10 o'clock
last night.
Mr. Smiley is in hisseventy-sixth year.
He was born in the city of Philadelphia in
1821, and after takinc his prariuating cer
tifies! c became a schoolteacher at i he age of
21, bat a year later engaged in mercantile
pursuits in Philadelphia. He arrived in
California in 1849 and went into the auc
tion business. In 1851 and 1866 he took a
prominent part in the Yiziiance Commit
tee and was vice-president in both organi
zations. He was identilied with the Vol
unteer Fire Department, represented How
ard Nc. 6 in the board of delegates and
wai president of Brannan Engine Com
piny. Governor Waterman apnoin'ed
Mr. Smiley iJpKis'rar of Voters in 1890,
hut Governor Mnrkb.ira removed him in
January, 1891. On '.he death of Auditor
David Stern he was appointed by tbe
Board of Supervisors to succeed him.
After his retirement from this office he
entraced in the stock brokerage business,
in which he remained until sickness com
pelled him to retire from business.
m Mm
. 1 WEAK R -,|p
» >W back : m
Your back is not strone, It pains yon,
so does yonr shoulder blades. Now and
then you feel as if hot waves of steam
were pouring over and through you; then
you will be cold again, chilly; a crawling
chilly cold kind o' settles all over you.
! Sometimes premature weakness is also
felt; your legs will wobble and seem to
| kick out; you will be seasick in * second
and then it is over.
Yes, it is debility, and you should con-
suit the best doctors on the coast. If you
do, consult the Hudson doctors, tbesa
doctors will advise the real thing— Hu'yan
remedy treatment.
Hudyan remedy treatment is as certain
to cure you as you are certainly in need of
it. Hudyan cures those cases of nervous
disorders brought on by dissipation, bad
hours, abuse. If you abuse your nerves
you weaken them. • ; ; " ; ;
Circulars and testimonials from
Hudson Medical Institute
Market Ellis and Stockton Sts.,
; BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
BLOOD POISOX— 3O-DAY CURB.
BLOOD POISON'— 3O-DAY CURB.
" BLOOD POISOX— 3O- OAT CURB.
BLOOD POISON— 3O-DAY CUKK.
CIRCULARS KKEK.
CONSULT HUD.Oi DOCiO&S FRE&
I Dr: Martin's 1
I Dr. Martin's
Gil PAIH CURED |
I Of the Age j
<•• A preventive and cur* for Kh«i- A
ji mat I .Nruralgla, p»ini in Oen- <\
( J eral, l>Tsppp«ii», Sore Tltroat, |>]>
C J';»funi.ii:ii. Nervous, l.iipr and ?<[
]» Kidney Complaints. Backache, Vi
> Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. ]]»
I Colio. Cramp,, Sprains, Ilruisea, (J
]» Wounds. Indigestion. Skin Dl»- ( \
lj eases, Excessive Itching and J5
jl many other complaints. ' ■ \\
|j ". ■ (V
Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. J !
i * '
- ■ i i
V L.CALUSCH, Wholesale Agent for C,
the Pacific Coast, San Jose. C si. *?,
; L i
/ jfi
? . Far sale by all «irupt i*t.«. The trade »
I •uppllcvj by Rr.lincton d: Co.. Mack & ,!>
(i Co. and Laugle* A Michaels, San Fran- ftMEXICANS FIRE
UPON CATTLEMEN
Shoot From Ambush at
a Party Riding Near
Lochiel.
Second Battle Fought Within
a Week on the Border
of Sonora.
Arlzonlans Rep'y to the Fire and
Three Combatants Are
Wounded.
NOGALEB, Ar.iz.. April 21.— For the
second titr.e within a week Americans and
Mexicans have o:i taped in s. clash at arms
on the border. Following the news of
the battle at Locuiel between Mexican
soldiers and so-called desperadoes from
the Arizona ?ide of the line comes in
formation of a light between United States
Customs Inspector H W. Brady and
several American cattlemen on one side
and a half-dozen Mexicans ou the other.
It occurred at a point a few miles from
Lochiel on Saturday.
Tnere has been trouble for some time
between tne Mexican authorities of Santa
Cruz on the Mexican side and cattlemen
on the American side of the international
line. The immediate caiiße of the battle
on Saturday was the arrest two weeks ago
of Tony O 1 Donald and H- W. Brady by
Mexicans for rounding ud cattle on the
Mexican tide. Brady caught his euard
not looking for a moment and jumping on
the officer's horse outrode the squad to
the line, seven miles away. O'Donald is
stiil in jaiL
On Saturday Kichard Harrison and
three other cattlemen were riding along
the line with Inspector Brady when six
Mexicans opened fire on them from the
brush with Wincne^ters. The Ameri
cans immediately dismounted and re
turned the lire, but as the combatant?
were several hundred yarus apart no one
was killed. Two Mexicans received blight
wounds and one American was shot in
the leg, receiving only a ileso wound.
There is a difference of opinion as to
who is wrong. Tne Americans claim they
were after their own cattle, while the
Mexicans hold that the Americans were
taking Mexican cattle. The United
Elates Treasury Department will investi
ga;e the actijn taken by Inspector Brady.
It is now said that the battle in the Lo
chiel saloon was not participated in by
American desperadoes belonging to "Black
Jack's" band, as was reported by the
Alcalde of Santa Cruz, but that the Ameri
cans were cattlemen who were attached
by Mexican soldiers because of the trouble
over th« seizure of cattle. One of the
Americans who was wounded was M. Esca
lante, a well-known Arizona stock-raiser.
Tne affair has caused much excitement on
this eide of the boundary, and cowboys
are openly threatening to cross over and
teach their dark-hued neighbors a lesson
they will not forget.
CHEATS CENT R A LI A JUSTICE.
Governor of Minnesota WJI Not Extradite
an Ex- Banker Under In
dictment
CHEHALIS, Wash.. April 21.— C. W,
Johnsone, who went to Minnesota over
three weeks ago with a requisition upon
the Governor of that State for Frank
Hense, the ex-banker of Centralia, in
dicted by a Lewis Couaty Grand Jury, re
turned without bis man this morning. |
ili3 failure was due to the absolute re
fusal of Governor CJough to surrender
Hense under any circumstances to th» !
State of Washington. Hense once prom- )
ise>i to come and set the hour for leaving
St. Paul with Johnsone, but the Gov
ernor advised him not to go. At the
hearing be accorded to Johnsone and his
attorney Governor Clough said:
•'I will tell you before you proceed that
neither you nor the Governor of Wash
ington can pile affidavits high enough to
get thAt man. You will never get him as
long as I am Governor of Minnesota."
Johnsone arrived in S:. Paul on Friday,
April 1. He went to the Governor's office
to present his papers. The Governor '
made an appointment with him for the ■
following day. When he returned to keep
the appointment, the Governor refused to
?e9 him. He found Hense at the Gov
ernor's office* having b? n to all appear- ;
aijces no'.ineii by that official at his home
in Aitken, Minn. The Governor sent
word by his p lvate secretary that he pro
vosed to hear Hense first and would listen
to Johusone afterward.
A week ago Saturday Hense sent to
Johnsone asking for a meeting. He ap
peared at the hotel on the Jollowin : day
and said that he would make no further
objection to returning. He was willing to
go back to Lewis County ana stand trial. I
A YOUNG THRIP AND THE RESULT OF ITS WORK.
Recent accounts from the vineyards of Fresno County show that the pest known as the
P or vine-hopper Is making sad inroads upou the grape crop of that section, and there
r<- grave fears that the destructive insects will make their appearance in other parts of the
i. A. \V. Porter of San Francisco yesterday received word from Malngo, Fresno County,
ti'- pests are attacking the vineyards in all directions, and that ao far no remedy has
und to stop their progress. The leaves and canes cro sucked dry of their gap. The
panying picture shows the work of the vine-hopper as well as oue of the young insects.
s from the University of California are in Fresno studying the thrip and Us habits
run a view of learning a means ofits destruction. Their investigation is watched with the
Keenest interest by vineyardists all over the Slate.
This was agreed to an 1 the hour for leav
ing St. Pau; was set. Jobnsone's attorney,
however, advised him against taking
H«*nse without a warrant.
Johnsone then told Honse he would
have him arrestt-il, as his attorney deemed
it bpst. iiense broke down whjen he was
arres-ted. He wept and declared he was
ruined. He talked of suicide. Later he
calmed down, and alter he had spent an
evening with Johnsone and a depu:y at
tlit* theater he ;-.ppeared to be recouciled.
Governor Ciouph's conduct is said to be
without known precedent.
WEDS A SANTA ROSA BELLE.
Williom Vernon Tukey of Idaho Leads
Emma Angela Shea to the
Altar.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 2L— The
City of Hoses lost one of its fairest buds at
noon to-day, when Miss Emma Angela
Shea became the bride of William Vernon
Tukey. The ceremony took place at the
residence of the bride's parents in this
city, and that spacious man -ion had been
transformed into a veritable floral palace.
Semi-tropica! plants, lilies, lilacs, smilax,
ro»ebuus> and ferns had been used with
exquisite taste, until ihe quests, accus
tomed as they were to living in a land of
flowers, were amazed at the sight.
Behind a bank of ferns the orchestra
played a wedding march as the bridal
party took its place under the lovers'
Knot, where Rev. Father J. M. Cassin, rec
tor of St. Rose's Church, pronounced the
lovers husband and (rife.
The bridal costume was of white satin,
trimmed in old Brussels lace, with bridal
veil of tulle. The maid of honor was
Miss Ada Shea, a sister of the bride, who
wore a gown of light blue silk, with a cov
ering of crepe de chine and lace trim
ming;. After a wedding breakfast the
bridal party left for San Francisco and the
north.
Mrs. Tnkey is the daughter of Con Shea,
the v.e.l-known Idaho cattleman, who
makes Santa Rosa his winter home, and
the groom is a large property-owner of
Idaho, who hails from Portland, Maine.
After a short visit to Idaho the young
couple will make an Eastern tour and re
turn to Sau t rancisc) to'reside.
JIELDI.LX FOIiOHRI CASE.
Expert on Handwriting Testifies Against
Aatidtrs.
FRESNO, Cal.. April 21.— Carl Eisen
schimmel was on the stand all day in the
trial oi Professor W. A. Sanders for the
for^erv of William Wootton's name to a
$1400 draft. Eisenschimmel is from San
Francisco and is an expert on handwrit
ing. He unhesitatingly pronounced the
J signature to the draft to be a forgery. The
; expert went into the details of his study
of the signature and his reasons for believ
!mcitto be a forgery. He laid particular
stress on the fact that Wootton always
wrote the letters of his name in pairs as
follows: '•W-00-it-on." There were
plain disconnections between each couple.
In the signature to the dra the name was
written continuously, without any breaks.
Eisenschimmel also pronounced the
j signatures to the deeds by which Sanders
transferred the Wootton ranch to himself
to be forgeries. The expert proved a very
! strong witness for the prosecution. His
; examination will be resumed in the morn
ing. ■
HAZE-XORCHOSS RVLISG.
', Motion of Respondent to IHtniist Pro
ceedings Denied.
CARSON, New, April 21.— A ruling
was made by the Supreme Court to-day
in the Hale & Norcross case. Baggett,
on behalf of Cronin, one of the parties
contending for the superintendency of the
mine, moved to dismiss the proceedings
I on the ground that a writ of mandate
! would not lie in a casa when the title to
; an office was at stake, and also for lack of
' jurisdiction. The motion of tho respon
dent to dismiss the - proceedings was
denied, and it was ordered that the case
be continued to April 28 for the hearing
of evidence that either party may offer
under the pleadings involved in the case,
| and also lor the hearing of argument on
i the evidence by counsel for relator
and respondent.
•
i LETT DEBIS IM ItAKERSFItI.It.
| Sholto Douijla* lir-u> Checks That Could
Aevttr .Be («</Mit,
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., April 2L—
name of "Lord" Sholto Douglas again
j adorns the records of Kern County's Su
\ perior Court In the days when his Lord
i shfp wooed and won Miss Loretta Addis
in Frank Carson's place, he drew checks
: on a local bank to the amount of $446 in
1 favor of Carson. These checks have never
been paid, and now T. J. Packard, to
whom they have been assigned, has
• brought action to recover.
Feltnn Jiun/lar' * Fata.
SANTA CRUZ, C>l., April 21.— Harry
Hamilton, wh I was caught while robin ng
a saloon at Felton recently, was to-day
sentenced to five years at San Quentin.
District Attorney Lindsay had convinced
Hamilton that a plea of guilty wouid be
the proper thin;: for Dim, ana as he had
not been convicted on a prior charge in
this State, the sentence was a light one.
Sudden Death at I'oto.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., April 21.— J. H.
Harrington, a merchant of Poso, was
found dead in his store this morning. An
investigation by the Coroner disclosed
that death resulted rom natural causes.
Barrington waa a pioneer. He resided for
a long time in Tulare County, and left
considerable wealth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
MANY EVENTS
HOTLY CONTESTED
There Were a Number of
Striking Features at
the Tourney.
Watched by a Big Crowd of
Spectators for Two Hours
and a Half.
To-Day Will B» the Final One and
Interesting Military Movements
Will Be Presented.
The interest in the military tournament
at the Presidio does not seem to abate
judging from the immense throng that,
despite the cold wind and almost blinding
dust, remained for two hours and a half
watching the many events that were pre
sented. The major portion were of a mili
tary character and proved very interest
in?.
To-day will be the final day of the tour
nament, and the programme contains
many performances that will be new to
the spectators and will no doubt be
watched with satisfaction.
There were seventeen events on yester
day's programme, the first of whicn was a
continuation of the wall-scaling of the
previous day. This was the final between
the winning teams. The rivalry between
the teams lor first place urged the men on
with .the result that better time was made
over the ten-foot wall than on the previous
day. D Company of Bcnicia won in 31 3-5
seconds. .Battery H, Angel Island, was
second. ...
The semi-final of the mounted wrestling
| occupied attention for some time. The
contestants were Balch and Souvlesky.
They wrestled for neariy a quarter of an
hour, neitner gaining a fall or an advan
tage. They retired from the field and the
result was not announced.
The 440-yard go-as-you please in heavy
| marching order race was next called, with
j seven entries. By heavy marching order
: is meant that' the soldier wears campaign
I dress, is equipped with rifle, bayonet,
, scabbard, woven cartridge-belt and 100
j rounds of ball cartridge and carries a knap
; sacK containing one blue shirt, one under-
I shirt, pair of drawers, iwo pairs of sock?,
one pair of shoes, and a Dlanket, with
half shelter tent, overcoat and cape rolled
j on the outside, a haversack' containing
• knife, fork, spoon and meal can, a canteen
I tilled with water, and a tin cvp — the outfit
! weighing nearly sixty pounds.
Tl>ere were seven entries, but only two
j starters. P.ickett of the Presidio and
| Chalmers of £an Diego. Puckett started
with a limp and trailed after Chalmers j
until the homestretch was reached,
when he passed him and won in 1:12 2-5.
Then there was an 880-yard bicycle race,
the men in light marching order, with
arms and equipment, disposed of either
on the wheel or the rider. For this there
were four entries and the contestants |
iound it not as easy to pedal rs when at- j
tired in racing costume. Roberts of Fort j
| Mason and \ ann of the Presidio were the
: only starters. Roberts stopped on the
quarter stretch because the strap Holding
his. rifle broke and the rifle stopped his
j wheel. Vann won.
The final of the broadsword contest next
| occupied attention and was decided in
j favor of Davis, be winning four points to
| Webber's three. This waa not as good a
contest as on the previous days, neither
man seeming to care to be the aggressor.
There were three entries for a baronet
race. There were five bayonets stuck in
the ground ten yards apart. The runners !
started for the more distant point, brought
back a bayonet, placed it on a rifle at
scratch aud left it on the ground and then |
went for the next furthest, unnxine the !
first bayonet and then placing it on the
second, and soon until the last one was
brought in and allowed to remain on the
rifle, and the contestants then assumed the
position of the soldier, with rifle at order \
arm«. Puckett won in 1:14 1-5; O'Mani |
j of Benicia second, and Brunotte of San
j Diego third.
Another military event was the quip
ment race, in which there were but two
contestants. Bowling of Company C, Be- I
nicia, and Puckett of Company G, Pre- j
sidio. The contestants stood at scratch, j
equipped with rifle, blanket roll, ten I
rounds of ammunition and white gloves, i
They ran straight away, leaving rifle at 10 I
yards, gloves at 20. blanket roll at 30, am- i
munition at 40. belt at 50, leggings at 60,
hat at 70 and then turned at 80 yards and
while returning replaced all clothing and
| equipments so as to pass inspection at
; scratch. Bowling won in 2:00 2-5, Puckett
falling out.
There were five entries for vaulting and ]
hurdle with bareback horses, but only two '
starters. This was a contest not "to be
judged by speed, but *in style and execu
j lion. It was over a 200-yard course, with
| four brush hurdles three feet high, fifty !
I yards apart. The contestants dismounted I
I when jumping hurdle with the horses and '
mounted alter eacii hurdle, and after
jumping the last hurdle the hone was
vaulted and mounted from the off side. I
Fernandez was declared the winner. Fi
zer of Troop B, Presidio, was awarded sec
ond prize.
The gun detachment contest between
Light Batteries C and F, Presidio, was an j
exhibition showing rapidity of execution. I
Each detachment was composed of caisson '
corporal, gunner and seven cannoneers
wearing equipments and posted as pre
scribed by the drill regulations at piece
limbered without horses. At signal the
piece was unlimbercd, one blank cartridge
fired, the piece and carriage dismounted
the wheels and carriage being laid on the
around. Tne work of remounting fol
lowed, another shot was fired and the men
resumed the positions occupied before the
contest. This was a very exciting event
Battery F, Presidio, was the winner in
1 :37 3-5.
The next contest was scaling a fifteen
foot wall which whs similar to the one of
the day previous except that the men on
top were permitted to use gun slings to
haui their comrades up. The content was
between Battery E, Fort Mason, and Bat
tery H. Angel Island. Trie Angel Island
team won in 1:37 3-5.
Obstacle race No. 1 was another event
in which there were but two entries—Hen
drix of Company C. Benicia, and Enr
strom of Company E. Presidio. The ob
stacles were a rail fence twenty-five yards
from scratch, a picket fence six feet high
with lour-inch pickets pointed at the top
and two inches apart, at fifty yards dis
tant, and a solid five-foot fence at seventy
yard?,and after passing over these the men
went twenty-five yards beyond the lust
one and stood in the position ot the sol
dier at order arm?. Engstrom won in
31 2-5 seconds.
The dead body rescue race No. 1 had
but two contestants— Millner of Troop B
and Fitch of Troop X, from the Presidio
A manikin tilled with sand, made as
near as possible in the shape and size of a
j man, was on the line of each contestant's
run, fifty yards from scratch. At a signal
I the men mounted, drew their revolvers
rode to a flag 150 yards distant, firing five
shot* each at imaginary enemies, turned
the flag and rode to the manikins, where
| each dismounted, picked up bis 150-pouud
| dummy, placed it . across the saddle,
mounted behind, and returned, to scratch!
Millner won in 52 1-5 seconds. . Fitch was
unable to raise his manikin at first but
was finally ordered to do bo, and he did.
A team of two men from Company D,
Benicia, and one from Company G, Pre
sidio, gave an exhibition of shelter-tent
pitching. There were two men in each
tent, hats and blouses off. reclininc on
blankets spread on the ground. There
were light marching equipments on either
side of the tent. At the signal the men
struck tent, put on clothing, rolled blan
kets in shelter halves, put on equipments
and fell in at a line ten pece* to the front
in the position of the soldier at order
arms. The Benicia team won in 2 min
utes and 18 seconds, but the Presidio team
did better work aud looked better on in
spection.
The second heat in the relay race be
tween teams from batteries D, Angel
Island, E, Fort Mason, and F (light bat
tery). Presidio, was won by the Fort Ma
son team in 2 minutes and 9 seconds.
The events of the day closed with the
tue-of-war, which resulted in a victory
for Company G over Battery E— gaining
by two inches.
BALBOA AVENUE.
Subscriptions Still Coming In for the
Good Work.
Work on Balboa avenue is proceeding
satisfactorily. There is left in the treas
urer's hands about enough lor ten days'
more work.
Following are the later subscriptions:
Amount previously report el 924.85316
X. through Chronicle l 00
Cash 100
San Francisco I'roduce Exchange,; on
account '. 9000
O. I»elpmtz J\Co «5 iiO
Produce Exchange 20 00
Manhattan Athletic Club 106 26
| Davis, B<*lau A Co. 20 00
i Contribution box l 00
J. 11. D 10 00
Total $25,127 41
CHOYNSKI AND "FITZ"
I Parson Davies Forwards a
Sweeping Challenge 10 the
King of Pugilists.
The 0 ympic and National C übs
Hi?* Arranged Frst-Class
Cards.
''Parson" Dayies, who is the manager
! and guardian to some extent of the noted
pugilisti — Joe Choynski, Jimmy Barry
and Bcb Armstrong — has sent on a sweep
ing challenge to Bob Fiizsimmons, the
j champion fighter of the earth. The fol
| lowing is a copy ot a letter which was for
warded yesterday by Mr. Davies in behalf
of Joe Choynski to Al Smith, a not d
sportingman and holder of heavy-weight
stakes. It speaks for itself:
San Francisco, April 20, 1897.
Mr. Al Smith, Oiltey House, JVew York— Dkar
Sin: Having read a number of articlt-s in the
daily paperß to the effect that Robert Fitzsim-
I nions," tne champion heavy-weif»ht O f the
{ world, has reconsidered his decision of retir
| ing from the prize rine the article also
j stated that he would not box James Corbctt
again, but would contest with any other
worthy aspirant for championship honor*, I
therefore enclose you one thousand dollars
($1000) in support of the following challenge:
I will match Jue Choynski against Robert
Fitzsimmons lor five thousand dollars ($5000)
aside and the heavy-weight championship oi
i the world, the match to be under Queen^oury
I rules and to a finish beiora the club offering
the largest purse.
I shall be pleased to meet the champion or
his representative in New York City about
| May 8, and it be will notiiy you I will meet
| him at any time and place he mar name. I
I will then be prepared to sign articles and
[ make a further deposit.
Trusting this will receive an exrly reply I
am yours truly, chari.es E. Davies.
i The Baldwin Hotel, Baa Francisco, until
April i! 6.
It is tolerably safe to say that the cham
pion will not accept of Mr. Davies kind
offer just at present, as Fitzsimmons, in a
! letter to a friend in this City, stated
I positively that he would not light any
| person inside of one year, and even then
it was doubtful if be would consent to
enter the ring again. But in case Bob
should change bis mind, doubtless he will
consider most favorably the challenge he
is first to receive that is wortt:y of his at
tention. It can, therefore, be seen that
the astute "Parson" is losing no time in
entering one of his favorites for a try for
the championship.
The Olympic Club directors met last
evening and announced that their profes
sional boxing card for the evening of May
18 will read: Jeffries and Baker, twenty
rounds; Gans and Leonard, twenty rounds
at 133 pounds; Kiley and Sullivan,, ten
rounds.
The fighters must report at headquar
ters promptly at 7 :30 o'clock on the even
ing of the ligut or forfeit $100. This means
no delays, and an early start of the spec*
tators ior their respective homes.
Tne betting on the Barry and Anthony
fight, which wilt tase place on Friday
evening at Woodward's Pavilion, was very
lively last evening. Barry sola favorite at
$10 to $7. The Armstrong and Print match
puzzles the bettors, as the big fallows are
not very well known to the local frater
nity. The Barry and Anthony mill prom
ises to be one of the hardest contests that
has ever been witnessed on this coast.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONCERT
The San Frsncl.co Knd of the Chora*
'-'"''?*' ' Holds » Rehearsal.
The San Francisco division or nucleus
of j the chorus, which will consist of 3000
voices and render the preliminary concert
at the opening of the great Christian En
deavor Convention, held rehearsal Tuesday
evening at Calvary Pre*bvterian Church.
There was a chorus of about 200 voices
present, and splendid progress was made.
A. M. Ben ham of Oakland, chairman of
the music committee, opened the - re
hearsal, and conducted a number of selec
tions. J. J. Worn* alternated in this
capacity with -Mr. Ben bam, «nd the ac
companiment was furnished by Martin
Schultz. , %\. ...
• — » » ';
' | Advancm made on '. furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. >oo:jaa, 1017-1023 Mission.
FEATURES OF THE THIRD PROGRAMME.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S
DIAMOND JUBILEE
Enthusiastic Meeting of
the Celebration Com-
mittee.
_______
Election of Permanent Officers
and Different Committees
Appointed.
The Proceeds Will Be Devoted to the
Victoria Hospital Fund Asso
ciation
The enthusiasm displayed at a meeting
last night In Scottish Hall of British born
I residents in connection with the celebra
| tion of the diamond jubilee of Queen Vie*
| toria's long and prosperous reign augurs
': wall for the success of the affair.
At a meeting on April 15 William Doxey,
1 Andrew Wilkie and James McNab were
i appointed a committee to invite the co
operation of twenty-five prominent mem
bers of the British colony in making the
celebration a success, and last night every
one of the twenty-five was present and
' took the liveliest interest in the proceed
ings. .". *'.ti&%}. ■ ' ■! -■ •-
William Doxey, the temporary chair
man, called the meeting to order, and
after briefly explaining ■ its object called
for nominations for permanent officers and
the following were elected: William
Doxey, chairman: Jarre* McNab,' first
vice-chairman; Andrew Wilkie, second
vice-chairman ; James F. McGauley, sec
retary ; John P. Freeland, assistant secre
tary.
Robert Balfour was pressed to accept
the office of permanent chairman, but he
gracefully | declined, as business would
take him out of the City for two or three
weeks.
The committee appointed at the pre
vious meeting submitted the following re
port, which was adopted:
The celebration will be held at the Chutes,
Saturday, June J9. During the day there will
be a grand entertainment given in the Chutes
j Casino, at which addresses will be delivered
I by prominent orators.' The programme will
I be enlivened by- choral and instrumental
music, after which the floor will be Cleared
fordancing. At i he same time there Mill be
a Kjries of national games, Scottish dancing,
maypole and other amusements going on con
tinually outdoors in the spacious grounds.
in the evening there will be Riven in the
Casino a series ot spectacular tableaux with
appropriate music, the whole to be followed
by a giand ball. The grounds will be beauti
fully decorated and brilliantly illuminated,
and the celebration will be brought to a close
with a grand and lavish display of fireworks.
To make this programme a grand success
will require a large amount of work, and in
order that each detail may have the proper
care and attention, we suggest that the follow
ing committees be appoiu'ed: Finance, liter-
I ary exercises, musical exercises, tableaux,
games and outdoor dancing, illumination,
fireworks and decoration of grounds, advertis
ing and printing;.
On Monday evening there will be a grand
banquet at the Palace Hotel, for which a ban
quet committee should De appointed.
On motion of Y. C. Lawson, the chairman
and the first and second vice-chairmen were
appointed a committee to name the commit
tees, and after a recess of ten minutes they re
ported the following, which was adopted, with
power to add to the number if deemed neces
sary :
Finance— James McNab, Robert Balfour, Y.
IC. Lawson, L. T. Marsh. Literary exercises—
Greer Harrison, Daniel Kernll, Rabbi Nieto,
Rev. John llempliill, - _. Le Baron Smith.
Tableaux— A. B. Ballintcoll, J. W. Girard, Sid
ney Cnidiey, Andrew McNear. Musical exer
cises—H. J. Stewart. D. T. Hushes, J. J.Morris.
Games and outdoor dancing— John M. Duncan,-
Alexander ' Campbell, Captain Naunton, Peter
F. Hollings. Illumination and decoration of
the grounds and fireworks— James McNnb, L.
T. Marsh, John Trounson, J. B. Butterwortb,
J. W. Girard. Advertising, printing and pro
gramme— John Reid, A. G. D. Kernll, G. L.
Woodward. Banquet— A. J. Calllngham, Rev.
W. W. Bolton, Captain Metcalf.
Several suggestions were made regard^
ing the tableaux, and after the chairman
had requested the chairman of each com
mittee to report, at a meeting to be held
next Wednesday night, a propose- plan
of action, the meeting adjourned.
The proceeds of the celebration will be
devoted to the Victoria Hospital Associa
tion for the benefit of the hospital iund.
NOTES OF THE THEATERS.
Succest of "Mary Pennington, Spla
tter"—Th« Pearl Ladd Recital at
the California Theater.
"Mary Pennington, Spinster," is chiefly
remarkable for the opportunities it gives
Miss Cayvan and her company of doing
clever character drawing.
Fashion is snowing i.self coy of min
strelsy at tbe Baldwin Theater, and is
giving most of its attention to Miss Geor
gea Cay van at tbe Columbia. In view of
tbe great success scored by tbe play, the
management has concluded to continue it
for the balance oi tbe week, instead of a
double bill, as was ybripinally intended.
Miss Cayvan, however, has received so
ms-iy requests to produce "The Little In
dividual that sbe has decided to add this
commedietta to the bill as an after piece,
beginning with Friday evening. For next
Monday the Colnmbia announces Ward
and Yokes, who wiJl present their satiri
cal farce, "A Run on the Banics."
Minstrelsy ia drawing topheavy houses
at tbe Baldwin, that is to say the biggest
crowd is in the gal'ory. and tbe orchestra
seats are tbe least crowded portion, of .tat
bouse. Th* performance is entertaining
and varied and wins the applause that a
gocl variety performance always does win
in these days of the popularity of vaude
ville.
"The Overland Route" is one of the best
things the Alcazar has produced for some
time. Its name is the most unsatisfac
tory part of it. seeing that the action passes
chietly on shipboard, but Tom Taylor was
writing of the days just after the Indian
mutiny, before the Isthmus of Suez was
cut, when the Red Sea route to India was
called "The Overland Route," somewhat
paradoxically it must be confesstd. The
fun of the old comedy has lost none of its
spirit and the Alcazar Company handles
it well.
Mamie Sheridan Wolford's romantic
melodrama, "The Brand of Cain," is prov
ing a welcome offering at the Grand. Miss
Wolford herself plays her part with nerve
and spirit, and the members of the stock
company second her admirably.
"The Lily of Killarney" Is in its last
nights at the Tivoli. On Monday "Shamus
O Brien will be produced with Dennis
O'bullivan in the title role.
Grand-opera singers are proving to the
\Jtaste of Orpneum audiences, Alberti being
an especial favorite. The acrobats and
the trick baboon and donkey are all ap
preciated by the usual large audiences.
Pearl Ladd, the clever child pianist and
reciter, will give the following programme
at her concert at the California Theater
on Saturday evening;
"Harmonious Blacksmith" (Handel); "Ber
ceuse" (Chooin); "Norwegian Bridal Proces
sion" (Griee); valse A flat major (Moszkowski);
"Rigoletto" (Lis-zt); bonato No. 5 lor violin
and piano (Beethoven), Nathan Land«bereer
and Pearl Ladd; "Invitation to Dance"
(Weber); rbapsodie Hongroise, No. 12
(Lbzi); -Tremolo" (Gottschnlk); potion scene
irom •'Home > and Juliet," Pearl Ladd; selec
tions from ••Faust," Lombnrdero's celebrated
aextet; characteristic dance (by request),
Matildita, the royal Spanish dancer and Pearl
Ladd.
BABIES HELP THE FUND.
"Ruth and Naomi" at the Cali
fornia lor the Uaem
ployed.
A Clever Performance, Which Will
Help to Build the Bou
levard.
The children of Congregation Beth
Israel repeated their preity performance
of ''Rutb and Naomi" at the California
Theater last night, for the benefit of the
unemployed.
The friends and admirers of the clever
little people almost filled the lower part
of tne house, and there was a very good
showing upstairs. The exact net sum
realized is not yet known, as all the tickets
are not yet in, but it will probably 06 be
tween $200 and $250.
The performance, which was very
artistically managed, was under tne super
vision and direction of Mrs. L. H. Mor
genstern and Mrs. S. Myrson. Some of
the children who took part were verging
on beins: grown up, others were mere
babes; but they all did their roles very
cleverly, particularly the tiny dancers,
who tripped about with a grace and agil
ity wonderful for such infantine crea
tures.
All the ballets were charmingly ar
ranged and were executed with almost
professional skill by the airy, fairy little
dancers.' The bower dane, performed
with the aid of large garlands of flowers,
was especially graceful, nnd the harvest
dance was novel and picturesque.
The dancers were all trained by Miss
Minnie Dreyfuss and the ballets were
under her peisonal supervision.
The music to "Ruth and Naomi" was
arranged by Benno I. Barnett, the leader
of the orchestra which accompanied the
clever little sinerers. Alice Lewis was
quite dramatic and effective as Ruth and
Sadie Mendesohn made a dignified Naomi,
while Mabel Benjamin sang pleasingly as
Orpha.
T.'ie other characters who distinguished
themselves in speech and so Jg were Rose
F.iMa, who took the part of Boaz, Leo
Levy and Abe Myrson the reapers, Mamie
Levin, servant to Naomi, A bart Abra
bamson, a messenger, ana Sibyl Gold
stein, toe cnpid of the cast. The follow
ing young ladies looked charming, and
acted well as Jewish maidens: Ida Levy
Goldie Harris, Phoebe Wolff, Adele Mor
genstern, Lillie Fulda and Mabel Koch
man.
The Gospel Wagon.
The gospel wagon of the Epworth League
was out again Monday evening. Dr. Case baited
the horses on Taylor street, near Market, and
from the side steps of the waeon nddressed a
large and attentive throng of listeners. The
audience was respectful and seemed to be im
pressed by the earnest remarks of the speak
ers. The ladles in the wagon sang to the
accompaniment of the portable oiwan. Miss
Burton aadressed the people assembled in the
street.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA TAKES
« away the surplus bie and leaves the liver
in perfect order. It i>a true liver regulator. .
J0&
. TOY'S . VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA CAN
V: be used by old or young. Take it moder-
ately. Remember that moderation In c very-
ting tendi to loDßeyUf. '
-. KW TO-SAT^
MUNYON'S
APRIL
MEDICINES
The Learned Professor Gives a
Plain Talk On
SPRING DISEASES
One Remedy Cannot Correct All
the Changes in the System
_____ *
SEPARATEJPECMCS
Are Jfceded to Prevent the Development
of Diseases at the End of Winter.
SEEDS OF CONSUMPTION
Catarrh, Bronchitis and Throat Disease
Are Sown by the Neglect of a March
Cold — M ui> vim's Cold Cure Breaks Up
the Worst Form of a Cold at Once.
WEAK KIDNEYS
The Result of Extra "Work on the Part
of These Organs During Cold Weather.
Are Promptly Strengthened by 31 un-
yon's Kidney Cure.
IMPOVERISHED BLOOD
And Deficient Circulation Call for Mun-
yon's Blood Cure, the Bent Blood Tonic
- on the Market — It Enriches and Puri-
f ies the Blood, Promotes Appetite and
Gives Renewed Strength and Vitality. 1
Professor Munyon says: "The idea that
one must tase 'Spring Medicines' is a
great mistake. It is true that at this sea-'
son of the year many changes take place
in the human body that affect the blood,
liver, kidneys and nerves, but in healthy
people these cnanges occur without the
help of medicines. In fact, it is a sin
against nature to take drugs of any kind
into the body unless one is iIL The so-
called Spring Medicines for the blooa are
also bud because they pretend to cure all
diseases with one combination 01 medi-
cines. If your stomach 13 out of order it
is absurd to take rheumatism medicine:
if you have a cold, a kidney remedy not
only does you no good, bat may do harm;
if your liver is sluggish, a nerve cure is
useless.' In fact, there is only one way to
cure promptly and permanently, that is,
by treating each phase of disease with the
appropriate remedy. 'A separate cure for
each disease' is the grand and true prin-
ciple on which the Munyon system of
treatment has gained its marvelous suc-
cess.' ."..■""
"If you have an April cold, the first,
thing is to cure the cold, as this is the
season when grip and colds have a dan-
gerous tendency to develop into lung dis-
eases and catarrh. The most obstinate
colds yield in a few hours to Munyon'a
Cold Cure. Pneumonia, catarrhal dis-
eases and throat troubles are always pre-
vented by this remedy. Where Colds are
complicated by a Cough, the Cold Cure
should be alternated with Munyon's Cough.
Cure.
"The debilitated condition which affects
many, people in the spring season is Na-
ture's warning that some organ is weak
and often precedes serious diseases. It is
a condition which needs carelul investi-
gation, and which calls for treatment, not
with spring medicines, but with the rem-
*dy that will remove the cause. If the
stomach is disordered, Munyon's Dys-
pepsia Cure will act as a stomach tonic
and bowel regulator, assisting digestion
and curing such symptoms as pain or
soreness in the stomach, indigestion or
distress after eating, fullness iv the stom-
ach, shortness of breath, poor appetite,
coated ton: sour or hitter raising from
the stomach, heartburn, wind on the
stomach, constipation, dizziness, faintneos
and lost energy.
"If the kidneys are affected, tholaneuid,
drauged-out feeling is accompanied by
pain in the back, dam circles around the
eyes, headaches, and deposits of red sand
or mucus in the urine. Munyon's Kidney
Cure is guaranteed to cure 95 per cent of
all forms of kidney disease.
"When the liver is disordered, the
whole system feels the presence in the
blood of the poisonous substances left by
the defective action of this organ. In fact,
the condition is one of general poisoning.
There is depression of the spirits, tired,
worn-out feeling all the time, bad taste in
the mouth, aching and soreness in the
right side, backache, and aches and pains
all over. Munyon's Liver Cure stimulates
the liver to healthy action and makes a
perfect cure by moving the cause.
"Impoverished, thin and impure blood
is the foundation from which many dis-
eases arise in the spring .months. The
poor quality of the blood results in a gen-
eral low state of health, loss of energy ana
vitality. The patient takes cold easily,
and the colds are obstinate, leaning to
catarrh, rheumatism and neuralgia. Mun-
yon's Blood Cure not only purifies the
blcod, but makes new blood, rich in nour-
ishment that invigorates the whole sys-
tem. - It aids the healthful action of all
the organs of the body, revitalizes all the
tissue-, promotes appetite, drives out skin
disease!", brings healthy color to the
cheeks, clears tne complexion and tones .
up the nerves, dispelling completely the
dragged-out, tired feeline.''
No matter wnat the disease there is a
Munyon specific with which yon can doc-
tor and cure yourself. Munyon's Improved
Homeopathic Remedies are sold by all
druggists, mostly at 25 cents a vial.-There
is no guess work, each remedy is plainly
labeled with directions for home treat-
I ment, and the cure is absolutely certain.
If yon are in doubt as to the nature of
your disease a personal letter to Professor
Munyon, 1505 Arch, street, Philadelphia,
will be answered with free medical ad-
vice. ■ - ■ ; . __• ■ , ...
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A ' POWERFUL APHKODISIAO' ASH
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for disease*^
the kidneys and bladder. A great BestoratlTa,
Jnvigorator and Nervine. . Sells on Its own ilen;«:
no long-winded testimonials necessary. '
- >ai.i:i:. ALts & HHVSK,- Agent* ' ' ;
323 .Market >■ St.. B. V. -(Send lor Clrcalar)
SDR. HALL'S RBIirTIGORim
Five hundred reward for any c M nm
SECRKIKE«
cares Emissions. lm^tency.VariS
cele, Gonorrhcßa, Gleet, i'lts, Bcrlo-
efteS, oT^eltTb*
Sent sealed, J'J per bottla. 'l^m^ri
TOTTLKB, «6: guarantee? to car. any cisT *
• . ; . . ©ITS ALL'S MEDICAL INaTlTlffir
in „,»" Broadway, Oakland. Cat i
ftwboS* m " eMe * quisJilJr *"•* IBM* *«
56
THURSDAY APRIL 2. 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.
Dally end Sunday Call, one year. by mall — 6.00
pally «nd Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Pally end Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by uiuil.. .65
bun day Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Wtk.fc.Ly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market street.
Fan Francisco, California.
Telephone ilaln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay fclreet.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery s.reet, corner Clay; open until
0:80 o'clock
»39 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
b\V. corner Slxwentli and Mission streets. Open
tntll 9 o'clock.
i! 638 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
67 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open unill 9-.80 o'clock.
NW. corner Twetity-secjnd, &nd Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
-9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 find ?2, 34 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kasern Manager.
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL-
It is interesting to watch the Greet war,
but it will pay better to watch the tariff
Cent.
It is not certain yet whether the silence
of Boy Bailey is a sign of wisdom or only
an evidence tuat he is a. clam.
The Los Angeles fiesta may be good for
business, but niter all the Balboa avenue
will be the better drive of the two.
The Democratic successes in the Eastern
cities have already had bad effects. They
have started the Bryanite tongue mills
again.
Our new Minister to Turkey will soon
be referred to as a ministering Angell,
and h? will have plenty of opportunity to
deserve the title.
Ex-Senator Sawyer says he did the best
work of his life between the ages of 45 and
65, sotheie is a chance yet for Bryan to
become ii statesman.
The New York Reform Club banquet to
Cleveland is coming off very soon end the
country might as well get itself ready to
stand tne shock of a roorback.
If there is any virtue in persistence
Senator Morgan will get his Cuban reso
lutions adopted even if no has to talK the
Senator* to death and pass them by his j
own vote.
The fires of war in Europe may not
spread far, but nil the same it is a good
thin? for the United States that there is
plenty of water between her and the con
flagration.
Some people s?y Russia is backing
Greece and some say she is backing
Turkey, all of which goes to show that
some people will say anything so long as
they do not have to bet on it.
We have many interests at stake in the
tariff legislation and some of them are of
a nature which we cannot consent to com
promise, so now is the time for California
to hoist her standard and stay with it.
Since the appearance of the Servian
peoples as claimants to the heritage of the
Turk in Europe, the Russian bear seems
to have concluded tha - Constantinople is
a sour grape and not ready for picking.
It is believed that when the Finance
Committee reports the Dingley bill to the
Senate it will have to be introduced to
that body by somebody who can vouch
for It, as it will never be recognized by its
face.
"The position taken by the Democratic
party in 1896 will never be surrendered,"
says Mr. Bryan, so it seems to be the in
tention of the party to occupy the head
waters of Salt River as a permanent pos
session. . ' .
That the foreign trade of Hamburg
should surpass that of Liverpool is some
thing of a novelty, and yet it is as ex
asperating to the free-traders as if it were
a chestnut with a burr on it made of
barbed wire.
•
Predictions are being freely made in
"Washincton that as soon as the House
resumes business and party trouble begins
r&land will come to the front a* the Dem
ocratic leader and Bailey of Texas will
take a back seat.
• It is a foregone conclusion that Europe
will not allow the Turks to go too far toward
Athens. The Turks may acquire glory and
the Greeks get wisdom, but neither party
will be allowed to take any spoils, for the
big nations reserve those for themselves.
It is reported xhat Lord Burford, eldest
eon and heir of the Duke of St. Albans, is
on his way around the world and will
arrive in this country before long, so all
persons having heiresses in charge will
take notice and be ready to move them
out of danger.
David Bennett Hill is reported to be
amusing his enforced retirement by try
ing to reorganize the Democratic party in
New York, but he is careful to confine his
efforts to the' task of framing a State plat
form, and lets the National buzzsaw
severely alone.
When the floods go down in the Missis
sippi Valley, when the new tariff has be
come a law, when the harvests are ripen
inc in the fields, we shall have prosperity
glowing with the summer. Now is the
time to get on the right side of the mar
ket and profit by the revival.
An Oklahoma .Populist is quoted as
having said that his party "by reason of
the incompeiency and treachery of its
leaders has been a failure and a disgrace,"
and now those people who think that no
Populist ever talks sensibly have a good
reason for revising their opinion.
. The new Minister ,to Mexico, Powell
Clayton, has been visiting Eastern cities
to ascertain how he can best assist their
merchants and manufacturers to build up
a trade with that country, and now it
would only be the fair thine /or him to
come to San Francisco and study our con
ditions a little.
- According to reports from the seat of
war the Greeks »re winning in Epirus and
the Turks are winning in ThesHaly. The
Turks will capture Athens Irom the east
and the Greeks will take Constantinople
from , the west. After that the powers >
will come down the middle and rearrange !
limits as they ware. :^Mii~ ti: M}
ENGLAND AND RUSSIA.
The relations of England and Russia to one another and to the war in the Levant
is tfie feature of the situation which is undoubtedly more generally interesting than
any other. A large part of this interest is due to the fact that no one clearly under
stands the policy of the two powers, ana it is doubtful if the Government of those
nations thennelyas have iully determined either what it ia or what they would
make it if they could.
In this condition of uncertainty the guesses at the problem are innumerable, and
are as varied as the various sympathies of the guessers. We are told by soiue that
Russia is supporting Turkey, while others venture the opinion that she is secretly
encouraging Greece. We are informed at one time that England refused to follow
the Russian lead and make direct war upon Greece to compel her to evacuate
Crete, and we are told again that as all her interests are on the side of the Turks
she is really playing a double game and has pretended to favor Greece only the
more effectively to support the Ottoman empire.
Amid all these contradictions it is difficult to obtain any information which is suf
ficiently reliable to furnish a basis for a conclusive opinion. The best information we
have on the subject is tliat which has come from Mr. Gladstone. While tho diplo
matists and statesmen in c ffi:e have spoken in a confusion of tongues and seem to
have sought rather to mislead than to Instruct the people, Gladstone has spoken in a
clear voice, and has been evidently sincere in all that he has said.
Assuming the truth of Mr. Gladstone's statements and the accuracy of his knowl
edge of the situation, Russia in this contest is on the a de of the Turk, and the English
Government, with the best will in the world to help the Greek, hesitates to do so for
fear of involving all Europe in a general war. To this hesitation on the part of Great
Britain, as much as to the Turkish sympathies of the Russian Czar, we may perhaps
attribute the outbreak of hostilities. The lack of resolution in London has weakened
the councils of the nations who would otherwise have supported Greece, and has
thus rendered them impotent to prevent the Turks from declaring war and precipi
tating tho conflict.
If itseerus strange that Russia should depart from her immemorial policy of
hostility to the Turks and come forth now as the champion of tha Ottoman empire,
it must be remembered that the conditions of Eastern polities have materially
changed since the days of the Crimean war. At tbat tinia Russia had reason 10
believe she could succeed the Turk in Constantinople. This hope has been
banished by the swift uprising of a national spirit among tne Servians and Bulga
rians. Russia can hardly hope to absorb those peoples in her empire, nor could she
expect to maintain a peaceable possession of Constantinople against their wilL
It is the infusion of this new factor into Hie Levantine problem which has thrown
the lone-settled policies of England and Russia into confusion. It is this which
renders it doubtful what will be the new relations of the two powers toward one
another and toward the Ottoman empire, and there seems to be no statesman in
Europe capable of seeing his way clearly toward a solution of the problem so long as
this new factor remains an uncertain power.
All that can be hoped for at the present time is soms sort of a compromise, and
no one can foresee what form the compromise will take. The situation is one on
which it is easy to speculate, but risky to hazard prediction. England and Russia
have to work out their relations toward one another on a basis widely different from
tbat which prevailed in a former generation, and the fortune which directs the events
of the present war will probably have more to do with the ultimate decision of both
powers than anything which their statesmen may desire or undertake to accomplish.
TABIFF-MAKING.
To the average citizen it seems (bat the
Senate ought to be able to arrange tbe
tariff in a much shorter time than it evi
dently intends to take. It ia not a new
issue to the Senators. Nearly all of the
leading men in that body have taken part
in discussing the Mills tariff, the McKin
ley tariff and the Wi son tariff. They have
been talking of tariffs and duties for more
than twelve years, and ly this time, it
seems, ought to have arrived at some con
clusion concerning tha decree of duties
which are necessary to provide a revenue
for the Government and an adequate pro
tection to American industry.
This view of the csse. however, does not
take into consideration that tariff-making
is by no means the comparatively easy
tasc of applying general principles to a I
particular condition of affairs. In tbe
making of every new tariff a thousand
conflicting interest- are excited. The men
who are charged with the duty of fixing
the rates are confronted on every side by
importunities to adopt rates which will be
of advantage to one or tha other of these
opposing interests. A multiplicity of de
tail is, therefore, involved in their work,
and it requires time and careful considera
tion on their part in order to accomplish
anything that will be fairly satisfactory
to private interests and at the same lime
beneticial to the public.
Senator Allison, who has had as much
experience as any member of the Senate
in the conduct of our tariff legislation,
and vrho is as well versed as any in the
best means of provi ling at once for reve
nue ana protection, is of the opinion that
it will take the Senate at least two
months longer to so amend the Dingley
bill as to make it acceptable to even a
bare majority of the Senators. He does
not even venture to declare that two
months' time wiil be sufficient, but while
asserting confidence in tbe ultimate pas
sage of the measure leaves it doubtful
when it will be done.
The difficulty of devising a tariff empha
szes the importance of taking this sub
ject out of politics as speedily as possible.
That of course can be accomplished only
by the adoption of a tariff which will be
so satisfactory to the people that there
will be no further agitation for a change.
The Senators are aware of this fact and
will undoubtedly act on ihe present bill
with tbe intention of making it permanent
if possible. For that reason if for none
other, :iom§ ba-is of general agreement
will be sought for and adopted even if it
can be ootained only by compromise.
The country, as the Republican platform
say?, wants this question settled right and
tnen wants rest. The Republican leaders
seek to accomplish that which the plat
form calls for, and while the deliberations
may be long and the processes of making
the tariff may seem slow, it will be best
for tbe country in the end that sufficient
time should be taken to make a tariff
whicn will give the country in the future
that rest from changes of duties which is
needed by industry and commerce.
THE ALASKAN BOUNDABY.
Reports from Washia gton of yesterday
announce that tno alleged discovery of a
clause in the treaty with Great Britain for
establishing the Alaskan boundary which
would virtually surrender the American
claim has proved to be only a mare's nest.
The clause in question, which niakrs
Mount Bt. Eiias tbe starting point of the
boundary line, does not affect the issue of
the line down to Dixon entrance, which
is to determine the width of our strip of
coast land, but is to serve only for the
purpose of a starting point for the boun
dary which runs through the gold dis
tricts of Alaska.
Tfce boundary in the gold districts is
not a matter of international dispute. It
is fixed by treaty at the 14Lst meridian of
longitude. It has not been thoroa^nly
surveyed, however, and as a meridian is
not a visible line the settlers of the dis
trict do not know where it is. It is the
intention of the Government now to send
a survey to Alaska providing for the loca
tion and mmrlcing by permanent monu
ments of the boundary Hue north of
Mount St. Eiias so mat the gold miners
and other settlers will know where our
juiisdiction ends and that of Canada
beg.ns.
The boundary line which it in dispute is
fully 500 miles away from the gold fields.
It will require a eo«;d deal of diplomacy to
settle that point to the satisfaction of both
nations, but as no important interests are
at present at stake in that nart of the
couutry, there is no particular need for
hurry in the work. The selection of
Mount St. Eiias as a starting point for the
boundary, so far from injuring us, is
said to be one t. at on the whole is favora
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
ble to this country. It is reported that
shouU the commissioners elect to start
the line from the summit of the moun
tain, the United States would gain an
area of thirteen square mi es in extent.
It is certainly lima the Government at
Washington should show more interest in
Alaskan affairs. The Territory may yet
prove to b far richer even than the most
sanguine exp-c\ Every exploration re
veals new natural resources of great ex
tent, and it is believed that, nothing in
needed except better communication and
better government to bring about a rapid
development of the wealth of the country.
The American settlers in Alaska have
asked for a Representative in Congress in
order that their interests may be more
fully guarded at the National capital, and
despite the smallness of the American
population of the Territory, the claim tor
such a Representative seems to be well
founded. The whole Pacific Coast ought
to act together in supporting this petition
of the Alaskans, for it cannot be doubled
that the advancement of that Territory
would materially benefit all the States on
this side of tbe continent.
COMPASS CORRECTION.
The March number of "Notice to Mar
iners" issued by the Unite l States Coast
and Geodetic Survey announces that "it
is proposed to ascertain the true and mag
netic tearing? of natural and permanent
ranges wherever possible in the barbors
and along the coasts of the UniteJ States
with a vi-rw to their use by mariners to
check the compensation of their cam
passes and also the table of residual devi
ations." It is further announced that "as
it is believed this work will be of great
benefit to all classes of seamen their co
operation is invited."
Last February throueh an interview
with Alfred McNevln The Call directed
attention to the importance of establish
ing the proposed transit marks on this
coast from Puget Sound to San Diego. It
was pointed out ttiat many, if not most, of
tbe shipwrecks on this coast are due to
variations of the compass by which sail
ing masters are misled. When the com
pass 1« out of order the ship is in danger
as soon as uue approaches the coast line,
and it is imperative to the safety of ship
ping that some means should be devised
by which shipmasters could determine the
accuracy of their compasses and the ex
tent of the variations by which they may
be affected.
It is to accomplish this that the pro
posed survey of the true and magnetic
bearings of permanent landmarks along
tbe coast is to be made. When these nave
been marked the s&ipmaster can adjust
his compass by them and thereafter di
rect bis course with certainty and safety.
The Chamber of Commerce In this City
has begun a movement to have a compass
swinging station established at this port.
This of course will further tke good work
and Lelp to rid our sailors of the dangers
resulting front defective compasses.
The Call is gratified by the prospect
of the accomplishment of this improve
ment in navigation, to the need of which
it called attention. The one duty of all
concerned ii now 10 hasten the establish
ment of the marks as rapidly as possible.
The notice issued by the Coast and Geo
detic Survey says: "It is desired that
jntriners will send to this office the loca
tion of any and all ranges with names
and description of objects which they
think will be suitable for the purpose.
These will be examined, and those se
lected will have their positions determined
as soon as opportunity offers." The mar
iners of the coast should promptly re
spond to this invitation. This danger jo
ourshipping should be removed as quickly
as human energy enn io it.
RUSSIA COLLEC.ING GOLD.
- Philadelphia Inquirer.
If any Minister in Europe can regard with
equanimity the gathering war clouds it is the
Russian Minister o( Finance. The policy of
the Czar's Government in regard to Its treas
ury has been the wonder of Europe for years.
For nearly a decade it has been drawing to
St. Petersburg the gold of the world, retaining
not only the immense annual production of
the empire, but nuking; periodical drafts
upon its banters in Berlin, Paris and London,
until now the Imperial Bank ot Russia holds
the largest atock of gold that is collected any
where in the worm. In the last few years the
hoarding process has been pushed with energy,
and In the last twelvemouth no less tnan
$73,000,000 god has been added to the al
ready immense stock. In the face of the stag-
Kcrlng total nt $564,000,000 held at St. Peter*,
burr the $150,000,000 owned by the United
States Government and the $200,000,000 held
by the Bank of England seem all. and the
$383,000,000 held by the Bank of France ap
pears merely respectable. '
. European economists have long speculated
as to the reasons that prompted the Russian
Government to accumulate such an immense
sum of go.d, winch has been suffered' to lie
absolutely idle in the vaults of the St. Peters.
burg Bank. It was clearly not to retire the
paper currency, for there is only $515,000,000
of paper money afloat, and this could have
been taken care of long ego bad it been de
termined to do so. Moreover, the premium
on gold has not fallen materially while mo
hoarding process whs suing on, as It surely
would have done had It been the intention
to pay it out in redeeming paper. But
one purpc&a can be discovered, and that is
to prepare tor war. No other country has
mode anything like such extensive prepara
tions. Germany laid abide $30,000,000 oi the
trench indemnity, which is locked up in the
fortres* of bpandau, but this sum would
merely suffice to pay the expenses of mobiliz
ing the troops. Russia has its expenses for a
year in hand in gold.
It is probably this circumstance which ac
counts in part for the Imperative tone that has
marked Russia's diplomacy in the pres.-nt
Grecian crisis. Prime Bismarck said several
years ago that the next great European con
flict would be begun in the bourse. Russia
knows she is prepared as no other country is
and can push matters nearer the breaking
point than any of her allies in the European
concert.
PtRsoNAL
T. J. Kirk of Fresno is in town.
M. J. O'Brien of Grass Valley ii in the City.
Robert Harte of eacramento is on a visit
here.
George Nunamaker of Vlsalia is & lata arrival
here.
R. McDonald of Red Bluff is here on & busi
ness trip.
Mrs. Carlke of Germany is at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
County Assessor John T. Jones of Riverside
is in town.
W. W. Douglas, a merchant of Sacramento,
is in town.
Mr. and Mrs. D. N. Mulr of Los Angeles are
at the Palace.
W. Notmau and wife of Chicago, lIL, are at
the Cosmopolitan.
General Thomas B. Bunting of Santa Cruz is
at ihe Occidental.
E. P. Myers, a rancher of Visalla, is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Colonel R. Cranston of Edinburgh, Scotland,
is registered at the Palace.
J. M. MeCurdy. a capitalist of Santa Rosa, la
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. N. Briggs, a wealthy business man of Sag
lnaw, Mich , is at the Palace.
August Peterson of Tahiti is one of tne ar
rivals here. He it at the Kuis.
Dr. G. A. Hare of Fresno Is among the ar
rivals here. He Is at the Lick.
T. H. Ward of Oakland, Clerk of the Supreme
Court, is a guest of the Palace.
Joan Garwood 01 Stockton is among the
arrivals here. He is at the Palace.
L. J. Maddox oi Modesto, well known In po
litical and legal circles, is in the City.
T. \V. Sbeehan, editor and proprietor oi the
Sacramento News, Is at the Occidental.
Nicholas Bowden, a well-Kuown attorney of
San Jose, is here ou a short business trip.
A. J. Waterhouse, city editor of the Fresno
Daily Republican, is here on a short stay.
£. N. Bore, manager of the Humbolat Times,
is down irom Eureka ana is registered m the
Grand.
W. W. Thayer of Boston, who has many ac
quaintances in San Francisco, arrived here
yes'erday.
John Farrel. A. W. Mark ley and T. W. Mark
ley, oi New York, were among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Palace.
H. H. Durvea. a millionaire starch-manu
facturer of New York, is on a sight-seeing trip
to California, and is at the Palaoe.
F. H. Page, who has for mnny years been en
gaged in the whole-sale fruit and commission
business iv Port. and, is registered at the Lick.
Dr. C. A. Ruergles of Stockton, one of the
members of the Statj Board of Health, is
among the arrivals here. He is at the Grand.
H. B. Gillis of Yreka, ex-District Attorney of
Siskiyou, is among thj arrivals in the City.
Mr. Gillis is one of the best known attorneys
oi Northern California. He is interested in
iniuing and other enterprises.
H. D. Bendixsen, the well-known ship
builder of Eureka, CaL, Is at tne Grand. A
three-masted schooner, for San Francisco par
ties, is on the stocks at his yard on Humboldt
Bay, rep.aeing the new steamer Uumboldt,
recently launched from there.
A FUNNY LI i \Lc FELLOW.
Funniest little fe ler
You'd meet a* the days go by—
Tell him the good Lord made him,
Certain to ass you t4 \Vby ?"
Tell him tne stars are shlnin'
\Vay up .here In th» sky,
An' the good Lord made Vm shine for Him,
Certain toast you "Why?"
Hearin' the song birds callin', . ,
11 ■ in V the nlßhl win. is Men:
Wnlcliln" the sprint rains Tallin',
Ad' always lukln 1 -VV'nyT"
Tell him that heaven's above htm—
All floored roan' with tne sky;
Tell him the folks all love him,
Cer.aln to m you '-Why?"
i .--:,». L. 8u»n:on In Atlanta Constitution.
••
WITH YOUR COFFEE.
"I was in the front row at the theater the
other evening," laid the Cheerful Idiot, "and
the bats riollnitl'i instrument got fast In the
door when ha irled to come out."
"Did he swear?" asked the shoe-clerk
boarder.
"No; he only raid 'fiddle sticks,'" said the
Cheerful Idiot.— lndianapolis Journal.
"There is no doubt," said Mr. Meek ton, "that
the bicycle has done much to promote the
happiness of mankind."
"In what way?"
"It makes people more sympathetic. It was
not until she had a bioycle that my wife erer
expressed any sympathy with me when I lost
a collar button."— Washington Star.
Hostess (at Informal) — Hare they found
something to talk about at last?
Host— Yes.
Hostess— Thank goodness!
Host— No, I be We it's somebody's bad*
ness.— Detroit Journal.
Little Willie— Maw. I think I know why
there arc so many cattails growing down be
side that pond near tho mill.
MammR — Why, my dear?
Little Willie— 'Cos so many kittens hare been
drowned there.— Pittsburg News.
"Maw, ain't a man and his boy two per*
sons ?"
"Certainly, Willie. Why do yon ask such a
question as that?"
"'Cause I bet Rob Hicks my knife agin his
| bag ot marbles that it's right to say 'Dombey
& Son are a very interesting book,' an* if he
doesn't pay it I'm a-goin' to lick 'im!"~Chi
cago Tribune.
M^N AN WOMEN.
Lord Rosetcry's maiden speech was deliv
ered when he wu only 14 years of age.
The Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir appar
ent to the Austro-Hungarian crown, intend!
to build a magnificent palace in Vienna, which
fact is taken as an indication that be con
templates matrimony.
Lillnokalani objects to being called "Mrs.
Domin.s." As a name it is fully as ugly as the
"Mrs. Wettin," which certain radicals claim
is ail the title to which Victoria has any right.
Sorrow was added to the last dan of Marie
Antoinette in that she was referred to only as
"the Widow Capet"
Mrs. Sarah Francis Dick is cashier of the
First National Bank of St. Louis and Mrs.
Frederick* Drover is one of tho directors. Mrs.
Dick was assistant cashier for a long time, but
oa her father becoming president sbe was
made chief cashier. She ia also a director.
She has been chief cashier since 1881.
Mr. Ruskln sptnds sereral hours a day
gardening iv a little green cultivated place in
the middle of a nut wood, which In spring is
full of daffodils and cherry blossoms. Here
the professor permits no other toil but his
own, and is as proud of his garden as of the
great books which bear bis name on the
title page.
Apropos of the fact, recently disclosed, that
John A. Cockeriil was separated from his wife
for'same time before his death, it will be re
membered how she "took on" whon the body
arrived in New York. She laid a huge floral
decoration on the coffin to "My Dear John,"
and about two weeks later she was married
ng-.IR.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
There must have been sad memories for Carl
Goldmark in the hundredth performance* of
his opera, "The Queen of Sheba," which have
taken place almost simultaneously at Vienna
and Buda-Pesth. His librettist, S. 11. yon
Mos9nthal, and most of the artists wno cre
ated the various roles wnen the work was first
performed in 1875 at tho Imperial Opera of
Vienna are all dead, and the few survivors
among the original singers havo all retired
from the stage. Sd Goldmark is, so to speak,
the sole survivor, for the conductor and man
ager who helped to produce the work are
dead. At Dresden aTd several other large
German towns "The Queen of Sheba" is also
on the eve of Us hundredth performance.
Goldmark was first attracted toward the »üb
ject pf his most successful opera by seeing dis
played in a Viennese artstore Kaulbach's fß
motis piinting of the entrance of the Queen
of Sheoa into Jerusalem. "What a spieudid
subject for a romantic opera," he exclaimed,
and immediately sought the poet Mosenthal.
CARL GOLDMARK, Whose Opera Has Survived Its Interpreters.
The lntter developed the idea into
the present libretti), and then Uoldmark
set to wort. But the opera was finished
lon* before it was offered to the public. This
was the result of a peculiar complication.
The Vienna Municipal Council offered an au
nual stipend to encourage th • efforts of young
composers. One year the stipend was awarded
to Goldm*rk. A jealous competitor subse
quently became director of the Vienna Court
Opera, and stubbornly refused to consider the
production of the opera. So the "Queen of
Sheba" was shelved with little hope of a pub
lic hearing. One evening, however, at a
soiree in the house of the Austrian Prime
Minister, two of Vienna's well-known musi
cians happened to play some parts of the
opera. The wife of the I'rince became inter
ested, instituted inquiries as to trie work and
its composer, and was finally instrumental In
bringing about its produc.iou, despite the
continued ill-will of the director of the onera
nousc. UoUlniHrk's la;est opera, '-The Cricket
on the Hearth," has yet to be heard in this
country. "Th*> Queen of Sheba" was produced
by Anton Seidl in 1887. Though entering In
his gixty-sevenlh year, Ooldmark Is still hale
and strong, and promises to go on composing
for many a year to come.
The mistakes committed by architects of
theaters are more than can be counted, but
the mistakes msde in the Imperial Theater of
Vienna, the famous Burgtheater, surpass im
agination. Alter having expendeJ a respect
able number of years, and a still Jiort' re
spectable number of millions, the architect,
Yon Ha«enauer, at last declared his work,
loaded with gilding and martfle, ready to be
inaugurated. The luxury of the building,
which, to say the truth, is rather loud, was
admired, but it was soon discovered that many
of the b.»xcs ware useless, because th 9 occu
pants could hear little arid see le?s. Even the
acoustics of the orchestra seats left much to
be desired. A; the end of a week complaints
were general from subscribers, who had taken
their boxes from the architect's plan. A Vien
nese critic, celebrated (or his independence
and frankness, adrised a reconstruction of the
building, to the great indignation of most of
his contemporaries. Fifteen years hr.ye passed,
and very disastrous years they have been to
the management, In spi:e of the imperial sub
sidy. At this late date it has been decided to
partially reconstruct the Bergtheater, with an
eye especially to Improving its acoustic prop
erties. The changes will be made during the
summer.
Morganatic marriages between authentic
princes and princesses <>i the theater have
reen numerous enough during the nineteenth
century, as the Almanach deGotha shows, but
It is a novelty to see the marriagj of the niece
of an Empress and a singer. This has just taken
place in Germany, however. A niece of the
Empress of Austria, the daughter of her
brother, Louis of Bavaria, who is divorced from
her first husband, Count yon Larisch, has juat
married Brucks, the barytone of the Munich
Opera-house. Brucks has had a checkered
enough career. He b3gan his professional
lite as a cornet-playtr in the orchestra of a
little German theater. By chance Neumann
discovered that he possessed a very line bary
tone voice and engaged him for tho opera
house at Prague, where he remained a popu
lar favorite for some yesrs. Afterward Brurks
went to the Theatre Royal at Munich, where
he also obtained an appointment as court
singer (Koen. Kammersaenser). Now that ;
Brucks has become the husband of a near rela
tive of the Prince Regent It is very unlikely
that he will remain at the Royal Opera-house.
A comic side sometimes presents itwlf in the
most serious affairs, as the following which
happened the other day shows: A .iirlit opera
troupe of French singers is giving per
formances in Constantinople and among
other works has presented the famiiUroperetta
"La Belle Helene." It is a Turkish custom
that the censor shall be present at the dress
rehearsel to stop anything objectionable in
the performance. At the last rehearsal of "La
Belle Helene" all went well till the moment
when the grand ensemble was attacked, ' 'Pars
pour la Crete! Pars pour la Crete! (Away 10
Crtte! Away to Crete !) These words produced
the effect of the ancient ' 'Mene, Mene, Thocel,
Upharsin" on the censor. At one bound he was
on the stage to put his veto on an expression
which, under existing conditions, seemed to
have a deep political significance. All was
soon arranged, however. Instead of the ob
noxious "Pars pour la Crete" the company
substituted '-Pars pour la Chine!" (Away to
China!), which had no meaning, but the Turk
ish empire was saved and the censor also.
The Council of Stale of Madrid has just ren
dered a very curious decision. Toe singer
Don Fernando Diaz do Mennozi, Count of
Lalaing, grandee of Spain, son of the Count of
fielazste, Marqu.s of Fontanar, brother of the
Couutess San Luis and brother-in-law of the
Duchess de la Tarre, applied to the Council
for authorization to put hia family name and
titles on the theatrical posters. The Council
of State has not only refused his request, but
has decreed once for all that titles of nobility
shall never appear in theatrical announce
ments. The Count Fernando de Diaz is 26
years of age and is the possessor of a very
beautiful voice.
The Sutro girls, two American pianists, are
meeting with wnrm appreciation in Paris. Le
Figaro says: "The concert o: UUea, Sutro,
which took place last Friday in the St.le Erard
was the occasion of a very warm and personal
success for the eminent pianistes." Speaking
of the performance of Raff's "Gavotte Musette"
the paper adds: "The Miles. Sutro executed
it with impeccable method, combined with
perfect art, and they received the enthusiastic
applause of the public."
Quite a history is attached to the auto
graphic fragment of aa opera by Richard
Wagner, dated March 1, 1833, and containing
thirty-gix pages in folio, which was dedicated
and given to the Musical Society of Wurz
bourg. The master must often have regretted
having made this present, for in 1879 he made
attempts to regain possession of the fragment,
and as its owners demanded an exaggerated
sum for it Wapner sued for its recovory. He
lost his case and had to pay the costs, which
amounted to $100. This relic, which has
never been published, has just been sold at
Wurzbourg to a Mrs. Burrell of London, who
paid a very high price for it Wagneriam are
hoping that the new owner will publish the
fragment.
There will soon be two new "Bohemias" in
the field in Italy. The "Bohemia" of Puccini
wil be given first at Rome and afterward at
tii- I.yric Theater in Milan, and the "Bohe
mia" composed by Leoncavallo wili mxke its
first appearance at the Venice Th ater, Venice,
during the coming exposition of tine arts.
Mme. Elise Frandln, tne i?reat Italian Carmen,
will create the role oi Musette in the latter
work and Mme. Storchio will be the Mirni.
Decidedly "Bohemia" is in vogue, for Masse-
I net's " Bohemia" has been popular In Italy for
several seasons.
It Is said that a ereat success has been
achieved at the Grand Ducal Theater of Olden
burg by an uripub.ish d opera, the words of
which were writien by Prince Emile Schanaich-
Carolath and the music by the Landgrave of
Hesse. The composer of tbe opera is blind, as
wus the late King of Hanover, and one can
imagine what immense industry the Land
grave has shown in writing the score of the
opera, which is called "Fatbine," for he
arranged it for orchestra himself.
A veritable epidem c seems to reign among
the chefs d'orchestra of the Grana Ducal
Theater of Weimar, for they all resign the
baton af.cr a month or two of service. Com
posers sucn as Kichaid Strauss, Eugene
d'Albertand Reznicet succeeded one another
rapidly last season, and the present con
ductor, Hcrr Wolfram, is preparing to qnit his
po?t. This state of things will not augment
the prestige of the theater, formerly rendered
co celebrated by Franz Liszt.
The latest recruit to the variety ranks is
Hayden Coffin, who was here some years ago
as Lillian Russell's lending man, and mr.de a
bigger hit than the prima donna. He is sing
ing at Daly's Theater In London at present,
but ho is to go to the Oxford Muilc Hall in a
few weeks.
At Bordeaux a new lyric drama entitled
"Zanuha" has bean played w.th great suc
cess. The composer, Charles Nougues, is only
22 years of nee .
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Buena Vista Parlor or the Native I laugh
ters of the Golden West Give* an
Anniversary Ball.
Last Tuesday [ Buena , Vista Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, was five years
old, and it celebrated the event by a errand
ball in Native Sons' Hall. As this parlor is
noted for giving entertainments that are of
the highest order there is not one of its func
tions that has not In the past been attended
by its friends, that number legion, and the
hall is always filled to its capacity. On the I
evening of the wooden anniversary, the hall
which had been most tastelully decorated
with the colors of the order and a stage set
ting appropriate to the season, lilies and ever
greens, had every seat in the gallery occupied,
while on the floor there were us many couples
as could find room to iudulge in the fasci
nating mazes of the waltz and other dances.
The toilets of many or the ladies were most
exquisite, and added much to the brilliancy
of the scene as the throng moved in the glow
of the incandescent lights.
The grand march was led by Past President
Miss Anna Harm and President Miss Annie
Westhouse, and they were followed by more
than a hundred couples. The souvenirs of
the . occasion were the dance programmes
printed on thin oblong sheets of white cedar'
and tied with a small bow of Nile green baby
r bbon in such a manner that the leaves could
bo separate and formed in the shape of a lan
and U!>ed as such, it was a novel idea, and it
was useful as well as pretty.
The ladies of the parlor have reason to
feel proud of the function they gave, and
much of the credit of its success is due to the
arrangement committee, composed of Mss
Emm» Braver, Miss B. O'Brien, Mrs. J.
Bpieker, Mrs. C. Levy, Mr*. F. Huribert, Mrs.
F. Ryan, Miss S. Grote, Mies M. Coppace "
The others who assisted in the function
were: The reception commit tee-Mrs. H. M
Green^ Mrs. O. S. Baker, Mrs. C. C. O'Donnell
« w°.r £, R "& cr iT Mrs - A - J Simpson. Mrs. O.
II Bell. Ms* M Hißglns. Miss Mac Tower. Ml»
m" Lo/i«. Miss M. ells ' Miss L Hemme. Miss
M Westhouse. . Floor direcior-MUs Annie
\\esthouse; assistant. Miss Anna Hahn.
F|oor committee-Miss Til. Ie Braver. Miss
A%n ie Worth, Miss F. P. Weihe. Mis* Raea
Murray, Miss Bertha Belan, Miss Etta O'Brien.
The Argonaut ,Degree.
There was an immense crowd In Native
Sons building last night to witness the officers
of California CamD No. 4 of the Degree of the
Argonants^onfer the degrees on about forty
one candidates. There was a great deal of
impresstveness at the first-degree ceremonies
and much sport when the second was con
ferred.
Sons of St. George.
The Sons and Daughters of St. George will
give a grand, entertainment and dance to
morrow evening in St. George* Hall in com
memoration of St. George' Elaborate ar
rangements have been made lor the entertain
ment of the many who will no doubt ba
present to enjoy the programme that It to be
presented. ■•....; .
Old Ladle*' Home
The annual meeting of the board of trusters
and ihe board of lady managers of the Protest
ant Episcopal Old Ladies' Home was held in
the parlors 01 tho home, on Golden Gate ave
uue. laat evening. Annnal reports were read
and the financial condition of the institution
was shown to be good. There is a balance on
account of about $18,000. The questioo of
raistng the admi-siuti fee. at preseut $500. and
piacing it upon ■ life lnMiranc • basis, w»s dis
cussed, but nothing definite was done in tho
matter. After eieciini; officers far the ensuing
year a reception tendered by Mr?. Sanchez to
friends of the institution was enjoyed. The
officers are: Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, president;
Mr*. C. E. Gibbs, vice-president; Mrs. H. W.
Ihorp, secretary; Mrs. S. L. Foster, treasurer.
THE KNIGHTS AND LADIES
Officers of the Grand LocUe Who
Were Elected for the En
suing Year.
Fix the Per- C pita Tax at $150
Presentation to th- Retiring Pro
tector and Grand Secretary.
C■ 1 -
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
the Knights and Ladies of Honor yester
day morning the first business that came
up for consideration was the election of
the officers. The following were chosen
for the ensuing year:
T. A. Lauder of Sacramento, past protector;
Mrs. Belle Wingfield Conrad, protector; S.
Conrad i of Los Angeles, grand vice-protector;
S. B. Carleton of San Francisco, grand secre
tary (eleventh term); J. A. Colquhoun of Oak
land, treasurer; Mrs. P. Danzwiler of San
Francisco, grand chaplain; Mrs. B. Oppen
heiiner. grand guide; Mr«. L. A. Bigler of
Alameda, grand guardian; Mrs. Ida J. Kidder
of Sacramento, grand sentinel; 11. W. Quit
zow, Mrs. L, B. Holccmb and A. Gompertz, all
01 bins Francisco, grand trustees; 'Supreme
representative, Mrs. L. J. Wheelock of San
Francisco; J. J. Groom and C. C. O'Donuel,
alternate supreme representatives.'
The "grand secretary was instructed to
request the Supreme Lodge to confer the
past grand protector's degree on the fol
lowing named: Adna Plielps, Eliza A.
Lauder and J. P. Couniz of Sacramento,
J. Ai Mapapnos and Mrs. Sarah Beversen
of San Francis. o and Mary McDonald and
C. F. Colombat of San Jose.
During the afternoon session the salary
of the grand secretary was fixed at the
amount paid him last year, being tho
amount to which he voluntarily reduced
it and a sum of $100 was set aside for con
tingent expense*.
The per capita tax was fixed at $1 50.
payable in two installments, one-half
every six months. On behalf of the Grand
Lodge the grand vice-protector presented
to the retiring protector a handsome dia
mond shinstu i.
Alter that Grand Secretary S. B. Carle
ton, who for ten yeais has tilled the office
to the utmost satisfaction of the entire
order and has given much time to the
advancement of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor in the State of California, was pre
sented with an evidence of an apprecia
tion of his efforts in the shape of an ele
gant fob chain, with a seal, appropriately
engraved. The present was well bestowed,
for there are but few who are more pains
taking and energetic in the cause of the
order than Mr. Carleton.
At the evening session a number of mat
ters of interest to members of the order
only, and which will be communicated
through the medium of the lodge*, were
disposed of.
•—■ ♦ — ■»
Xpw Companies Incorporated.
Articles of incorporation have been filed in
the office of the County Cierk as follows:
Jupiter Mining Company, by J. C. Wendt, A.
O. Wendt, Blanche Wendr, Jrma O. Cantour
and Victor Ponclet. Capital stock, $10,000,
--000.
Behemoth Consolidated Gold Mining Com
pany, by 1). A. Donel«on, A. T. Sherwood, J. B.
Whitney. Charles Will mm* and George T.
Emery. ."ar.itol stock, $000,000.
Central Qunrry Company, by F. M. Smith,
William H. Mackinnon, }■:. H. Heron, F. C.
Havens, William J. Dlngee. Capital stock,
f 50. 000.
Cdli ornia Desiccated Food Company, by E.
Werthie, W. K. P. Werthlc, Daniel t-u:er, H. I.
Nager, S. >Tager. Organized to make and sell
compressed «-oups, condensed vegetables, Sar
atoga chip-, popcorn and other foods. CaDitni
stock, £10,000. y
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townseud's. •
-•- — ♦ »
frECTAL information daily to manufacturer?,
business houses and public men by the Pren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
* ♦ — *
Christian Endenvorers Coining.
Artistic paper-hanging, painting and Interior
decorations. Good paper in stock 4 cents, in
grains 9c rolL Merigan, 1302 Webster st *
« ■» —
There were do public b quests in the will of
William T. Adams ("Oliver Optic"). It was
very brief and was written in the author's
own hand, under date of April 21, 1885. "A«
a simple token of my high esteem and regard,
to ray sons-in-law, Sol Smith Russell and
George W. White. I (five $1000 each." All the
remainder of his estate, including his copy
rights and other literary property, he be
queathed to his daughter. Mrs. Alice Adam 3
Russell, the wife of Sol Smith Russell.
Faster Time on the fanta Fe Route.
Three and One-half D-ya to
Chicago or St. JLoui« — lour
and One-hnlf liar* to
»-«v York.
Leaving Fan Frnnclsco Mondays and Thursday*,
at 5 p. it., connection is made at Bar* tow with the
famous £anta i-'e limited train. Ulnlng-car, buffet
smoking-car, vrstitmled l'ullman. palace drawing
room, sleepers. 'Ibe handsomest tiain on earth -
equipment and appointments faultless. Daii/
through aleeplug-cars, bo h palace and tourls ,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets alao sold via
Ogden. Portland, -Mojave, Los Angeles, Demitig a*
Xl Taso, to u:i points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Market
street, Chronicle Building. Telenhoue Main 1631.
Railroad UckeU to the Kast via Bio
Grande Western and Denver ana
Rio Grande Kail ways.
At lowest possible rates, with through rullmai
bnffel «nd tourist sleeping car service every da?.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permlttln;
Stop-over at Salt Lake City on a'l classes of ticket*
Detailed information and tickets furnished ai 11
Montgomery street, or 314 California stream
» ♦ «
For Jloarskxess, Coughs, asthma andßron"-
CHiAi.TRnriu.KS use "Hi nun* Bronchial Troche*."
fc'od only in boxes. Avoid imitations.
• ♦ w
As everybody i* liable to derangements of the
stomach and bowels, the need of Ayer's Pills U
universal. They are the best cathartic.'
' . « — — »
_ A small number of w omen have served as
letter-carriers in England for many years, and
they give general satisfaction. Only a few
months a^o a noted old postwoman died at
Cutsyke, some ten miles ir m Leeds From
the Queen's accession, in 1887. till 1809, she
was the letter-carrirr in the ancient town
of Pontefract, and was never known to bo ab
sent irom her duties from sickness during the
thirty-two years. Monckton Mi lues, first Lord
Houghton, took an interest In her career, and
was instrumental in obtaining a Government
pension fir her in her declining years
JTEW TO-DATJ
i i^JIGPO^
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrued for it ieavc..iu X strength and
nealthfulness. Assures the sood against alum anJ
all forms of adulteration common to the ciieuj
brands. ... - ™
1.UV41- IiAKINt) I'uW UUt Co.. NewVoc* •TtTv^bDAVTT]7T7r!Tr!T7 APg'L 22. 1887
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater — IT. m rose nnd West's
Minstrels.
Colombia Theater - M»ry Fennlngton,
Spinster.'
Columbia THKATETt.-Coccert this afternoon.
Moßoeco's Or-ERA-HousK 'The Brmid ofC«io. M
Alcazab TmsATKR.-"iheOveilan<! Konte,*
Tivoi.i OrKRA House --Lily of Klllaruey."
ORruxuu -High-Class Vaudeville.
California lukaur — 'The I airy Bride,"
Friday evening.
< *MH)»xiA TBEATKF.-I'lauoKecital. Saturday
evening.
6-tJTBO Baths.- Bathing and Performance*.
TUX Chvtks and Skatinb Kink— Daily at
Ha%bt stree;, one block ens: of the P«rk.
>JK-HA>.-]rs' Pavilion— Spanls> Carnival Mas-
querade, Saturday evening April 24.
Pacific Coast Jockky Club.— Race* to-day,
PfCMCS A>D HXCI'RS'ONS.
p A x I..ORENZO Grove — Picnic plven by Oakland
Kebekah Lodges. I. O. O. K. . onday, April 26.
Ki. Campo-Jluslc, DkDClns:, Burning. Fishing,
every Sunday.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The California Hotel ha» been attached for
$56:23.
Fair, warmer Thursday. Local Forecast Of
ficial W. H. Hammoii.
The Interest in the military tournament at
the Presidio still continues.
Divorce business continues to rush in the
Superior Court of San Francisco.
Abrogation of the reciprocity treaty with
Hawaii is favored by Clans Spreckeis
Thomas J. L. Smiley, ex-Auditor, is lying at
the point of death at tae French Hospital.
The Grand Lodge of Knights and Ladies of
Honor elected its grand Lffleera yesterday.
Miss Georgia Cayvan was the guest ol
honor at the Century Club yesterday after
noon.
The Laurel Hall Club held an open meeting
at their rooms in Beethoven Hall yesterday
afternoon.
Mrs. Annio Bcsant will arrive here Ma? 8,
and will at once commence her lectures on |
'•Theoaophy."
Overwork has caused Miss Flora McDonald
Shearer, a schoolteacher and an authoress, to
lose her mind.
Claus Spreckels has sold a one-fifth In
terest In his Watsonville beet-sugar factory to
the sugar trust.
Attorney E. M. Morgan looted the estate of
George IV. Corn wall, deceased. He took every
cent in the estate.
The winners at Ingleslde yesterday were:
Klsiaore. Grady, Double Quick, J?no\Tdown,
Encino and George Miller.
Froebel'i birthday wan honored by a merry
making at Native Sons' Hall yesterday in
which three societies participated.
A successful performance of "Ruth and N*a
omi" was piven at the California Theater last
night for the benefit of the unemployed.
The thirty-ninth annual conclave of the
Grand Commnndery, Knights Templar, will
open this morning at tne Masonic Temple.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Queen
Victoria diamond jubilee celebration com
mittee was held in Scottish Hall last night.
The Nicaragua steamer Costa Rica has been
transferred to the British flsß. She will, us
usual, trade between here and British Colum
bia.
W. B. Bradbury, the millionaire, was con
victed by Judge Low yesterday of violating the
ordinance against expectorating in a cable
car.
The Grand Chapter of Royal Arch Masons
closed its annual session yesterday and in-
Mailed its officers for the ensuing Masonic
year.
M. J. Coyle, an ironworker living at 518
Howard street, was badly beaten and robbed
by three men on the water front on Monday
night.
The Mutual Savins" Bank: of San Francisco
has sued the City and Couity of San Fran
cisco to recover $-1291 63 paid as taxes under
protest.
Mayor Phelan did no accused the cemetery
assocatious of violating the !aw, bu t deplores
the presence of the burial grounds within the
City limits.
Commendatory letters on thelwork of the Lin
coln Monument League are being received
continually. Circulars to all school children
will be >ent out to-day. i
Frank Tiernan was convicted yesterday of
tapping the till in Koran's saloon, 743 lion
ard street, and a similar charge against Wil
liam Toy was dismissed.
Governor Budd brands speculation in the
Durrani case as idle and worthless, and says
he will give the ca«e no consideration until it
Is formally brought beiore him.
The Alaska Peckers' Association's Thistle
went to sea last Tuesday, but was blown back
by the nor'wester. She will make another
attempt to reacn Alaska to-day.
The second days session of tne California
Siate Medical Society convened yesterday.
There were interesting papers read on in
sanity, pure food and consumption.
A feature of the wedding of Mi's Kathleen
M»rris and J. A. Hayes at the Church of the
Advent last evening was the full choral sex
vice by a choir of sixty male voices.
Andrew Anderson has instituted an action
at law against S. H. Depuy and Harriet E.
Kepuy to quiet title to certain property on
Erannan street, near Ninth, in this City.
Mrs. George Devecchi of 532 Eddy street
committed suicide yesterday afternoon by
swallowing carbolic acid. She and her hus
band had come to blows a short time previous.
Miss Mattle Whlttler, daughter of W. F.
Whittier, wan married last evening at the
home of the brine's father, corner of Jackson
and Laguna streets, I'.ev. Mr. Church offici
ating. r '.- ■>
Arthur Wheeler, a boy who stole a Fold
watch from his mother, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court on a charge
of grand larceny, it being the intentiou to
send him to the Reform School.
In Judge Dalngerfleld'H court yesterday the
prosecution closed its case against Editor
Marriott of the News Letter after hearing only
one witness. Everybody in court seemed
surprised that so weak a showing should be
made.
Only relatives and intimate friends were
pre-ent at the wedding of Miss Helen Suiro,
daughter of the late Gustave Sutr<->. and Sam
uel Scliwar'z, whicn w«s solemnized last even
ing ,v 5 o'clock at the cutro bouse on Pine
street.
J. G. Keeling has sued Peter Einsfeld, the
German Savings and Loan Society, the Hlber
niii Savings and Loan S- cieiy ainl the San
Francisco Savings Union for the collection of
$2500, which he says is unlawfully withheld
lrom him.
The steamers HumboMt and Pomona had
another nip-and-tucfc race from Eureka this
week. As usual, there was on.y a few minutes'
d-.fTjrorice in time, and the passengers on both
vessels were more than satisfied with the quick
runs msde.
The jury which is to determine the validity
ot Mr-«. Craven's d'.-eds to two valuable pieces
of property claimed by the executors of the
Fair estaie, was completed yvnterday after
noon in Judge Slack's court. The taking of
evidence will begin this morning.
The concert given last night in the First
Unitarian Church under the patronage of the
Charming Auxiliary was nn« of the most suc
cessful atfa'.rs <-ver given by the ladies. Denis
O'fcul.ivan, the lion of the •veiling, vm in ex
cellent voice and spirits and was encored
rapturously after eacu number.
The annual election of physicians of the
French Hospital was held last night in tne
room* of the Sorkte Fraucalse dp Bie.ifaisance
Mutuelle, on Post street, with the follow ing
result: Dr. Louis B««et, chief surgeon; Dr.
Oscar MRver, synproloKist; Dr. de Chantreau,
bouse physician ; Dr. de Corval, visiting physi
cian; Dr. < aspar P:srh , occulist »nd aurist;
Dr. L,ou:» Brun. dentist.
iftw to>oat.
Why Not Remove
of shortness of breath -i f>
when going upstairs, Trlf^ I rtlflCkf*
fsst walkinf, sweep- *' 11 V^ VUUaC
ing or rapid talking, smothering or kinking
spe Is (especially at night), fluttering or pal-
p.iatlon, irregular or Intermittent pulse, faint-
ing, weak and hungry spells, opnre>sed feel-
ing In the chest, pain or tenderness In the
lett breaft, side, sooulJer or arm, or under
shoulder b:ade; as they «t re all sure symptoms
_. '«"«#- « 'Qt a weak or diseased
lII* Mfl{*£ heart which should be
If I • ITIIICJ3 treated at once with
£ook on the ■ ■ A /~>
s^ai Heart Cure
Address
*•*. MILES MEDICAL CO., Bkbart, Ind.'
CHRISTIANS
TO PICNIC
ON SUNDAY
Rev. Ford's Remarkable
Departure From Beaten
Paths.
THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH
UP TO DATE.
> ■
A Pastor Wfco Believes That
Sunday Was Made for Man,'*
Not Man lor Sunday.
FREELY SPEAKS HIS MIND OK
ORTHCDCXY.
Services Will Bo Held in Some
Pretty Spot ani a Basket Lunch
Will Be Held.
Rev. Dr. Frank S. Ford of the First
Christian Church is nothing if not origi
nal, lie propose^ to bold a Sunday pic
nic toon. "Not the regulation picnic,"
he says, "Tor we will hold our regular ser
vices, have a sermon and all the rest of it,
you know. Why shouldn't they be held
in the open air? Every one concerned
would enjoy them more, lam sure. I be
lieve Sunday was made for man, not man
for Sunday.
••Of course we will have a lunch," he
continued, "and perhaps dinner, too. In
fact, it will be an old-fashiontd basket
party."
Mr. Ford does not expect a great deal of
opposition and adverse criticism on the
proposition; be reaily doesn't rare a
snap of his finger for all the criticism in
the world.
"My congregation stands by me, and
that is all I ask for," he says. "Other de
nominations Bay we are not orthodox,
but well, you'll see it won't be loug
before they will think our way. I believe
thai Cbris.iamty is for this life as well as
for the next. It makes life all the more
worth living, and I arer that if you live
this life well you can let the aext one take
care of itself. We are not good in this
life merely :or the fear of the punishment
thai awaits us in the next if we do wrong
here."
The exact time and place of the picnic
has not yet been dec ded upon, but it will
take place this spring some time, either at
Golden Gate Park or some pretty spot
across the bay.
Mr. r'oni's latest departure will cer
tainly bring down all sorter of unkind re
matkaon the proposition, but the pastor
init-noH to go ahead with his preparations
and not let the remarks bother him.
Mr. Ford will be rt-raerubered as the
gentleman who declared he wcud preach
in knickerboiKera some bright day, but as
yet he has not done so, although he ap
pears in f v I'l rest all the time. His Church
:s packed to the doors as a general rule,
| ani among his congregation he is most
popular, so that he expects his people will
agree w:tu him on the subject of bunday
picnics or "basket parties."
Hit new n an, however, will hardly
meet with the approval of the other pas
tors, for they for a long time have been
declaring that Sunday picnics are a species
ol Sabbath desecration, and as such,
shou dbe condemned by the church. Mr.
Ford intends to inject the Sunday service
into hi« picnic anu this may relieve It
somewhat in denominational circ.33, al
though with some ministers this may
only add to his iniquity. Mr. Ford, how
ever, thinks it a good thing, and he boldly
Bays a- much, and goes 0:1 planning for
his Sunday picnics.
ROYAL ARCH CLOSED.
Elected and Appointed Officers
Installed br the Retiring
Grand Hgh Priest.
The Thirty- Ninth Annual Conclave
of the Grand C-m
--mandery.
The annual session of the Grand Chap
ter of Royal Arch Masons came to an end
yesterday afternoon, after wnich the fu.
lowinc elected and appointed officers were
installed by the retiring Orand High
Priest Thomas Flint Sr. of San Jnan :
Elected officers: Most Excellent William
Frank Pierce of Oakland, grand hizn priest;
Right Excellent Eli Tucker Blackmer of San
Diego, deputy grand high priest; Kight Excel
lent florin Leslie Jones of Paxadeua, grand
king; Right Excellent Edward Richard Hedges
of Stockton, graua scribe; Rignt Excellent
Franklin Henry Day of San Francisco, gra>sd
treasur r; Thomas Hubbard Caswell of San
Francisco, grand secretary.
Appointed nfticers: Cnarles E. Stone, Marys
vi. .c, grand chaplain ; Thomas H. Casweil, Han
Franci c<>, gran'a lecturer; Samuel H. Wag
genor, San Jose, captaia of the tios:; Lewis C.
Wiiieiimyer, Martinez, royal arch captain;
Samuel I>. Mayer, San Francisco, organist, and
James Oglesby, San Francisco, guard.
The reports of the standing and special
committees caving been disposed of the
cuapter was closed, subject to the call of
ttje grand high pries;.
The secretary's books showed an in
crease ol IG6 members ior the past year.
Tbe thirty-ninth annual conclave of the
Graud Commandery, Knights Tempi :ir,
wi.l convene at the Masonic Temple this
morning at 10 o'clock with the following
oilicers:
Right Eminent Sir Trowbridge Ward, grand
commander; Very fcmiuent Sir George Mct
calf. deputy grand commander; Eminent Sirs
Robert M. Powers, grand generalissimo;
John Garwood, captain general; Charles E.
Stone, grand prelate; Frederic* M. Miller,
grand senior warden; Georg« B. McKee, grand
junior warden ; John F. Merrill, grand treas
urer; Thomas H. Casweil, grand recorder;
Florin Lesli* Jones grand stanJard bearer;
William F. Pierce, grand sword Dearer; Wil
liam D. Wright, grand warden; Samuel D.
Mayer, grand organist ; james Oglesby, grand
captain of the guard.
Great interest If being taken by tbe
Knlzhls over the drill exhibition which is
,o take place to-morrow nislit at the Me
cbanios Pavilion, in wu.cn tha entire
orand Commandery will participate.
The proceeds of this entertainment will
be devoted to t c benefit of tbe Widows'
•nd Orphans' Homo ai Decolo. From the
character of the entertainment and the
object for which it is given a large gather
ing is anticipated in the Pavilion.
Furnitur* Moved.
Estimates furnished. Responsible, reliable
and reationablc. Morton Special Delivery.
* 408 Taylor street aaU 050 Market street
• - * . ■ ■ • .-■_-•
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
THE AMERICAN SHIP CHARMER IN A CALM OFF THE FARALLONES.
For ten days Captain Holmes ran his Vft'sel up and down the coast in a vain search for a favorable breeze. When the win d
did come his way the Charmer made port in less thnn twenty-fours Lours. The above sketch is made from a description fur
nished Mr. Coulter by Captain Holmes.
OFFICE-SEEKERS
LIKE VULTURES
At Least So Thinks Col
lector of the Port John
P. Jackson.
In Regard to Positions on the
Front H? Says the Cry
Is v Not Yet."
The Alaska Packers' Association's
Thistle Blown Back by a S iff
Northwester.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic went to tea yesterday j
with a heavy cargo, but few passengers, j
A number of Chinese went away in the
steerage, but very few of their country
men were down to see them off.
Among those on the Wharf was John P.
Jackson, the newly appointed Collector of
the Tort. He took note of everything that j
was done by the Custom-house officers,
and mere a one thing certain — ha will
not take effics without knowing the ins
and outs of the Custom-house system.
'•If I were you," taid Billy Thornley, !
one of the best known Custom-house
brokers in the City, "I would go to Col
lector Wise and get a few pointers from
him. He oat been through the mill and
be knows what awaits you."
Jackson looked at him for a moment
and then asked: "Have you been any- j
where on the block ouunded by Sansome, !
Washington, Battery and JacKson lately? '
"No."
"Well, I have, and every inch of that
block is occupied by a man who wants a
job on the water front or in the Custom
uouse.
"Now in connection with your sugires
tion, let me tell you a story. I came to
California in the old days and har. to make
my way across the Isthmus of Panama.
It was a dreary venture, and 1 will never
lorget the vultures that hovered around
day and night awaiting the first man that
drooped out during the pilgrimase. My
traveling companion stayed with me
almost to the end, but finally the swamp
fever got its work in on him and iie
dropped oy the wayside. Before he was
dead! the vultures perc ed on his body
and begun peeking at his liesh. Ho opened
his eyes, looked around and the last words
ue uttered were: 'Not yet! Not yell Not
yet.'"
The schooner Irmgard is almost ready
to leave for Honolulu. Part of her deck
load will be a nandsome gasoline launch
which is destined to make connections
with all the small ports on 'he island of
lluwa.i. She will carry news as to the
sugar crop from point to point, and whsn
an idle spell comes she will carry her own
ers on excursion trips.
'I he Humboldt Sieamship Company's j
Humboldt made a smart run from .Eureka I
on her last trip. She left the home port
at 11:91 A M. and reached Meiju-s wharf
at 3:48 a.m. Captain Bonmfield asterts
that the latter time is v "give and take"
of five minuies, and is confident that in a
fair and square race the Humboldt could
beat the Pomona. The whole discussion,
and there is considerable of it along the
front, has arisen over the fact that the
passage of the Pomona from Eureka to
San Francisco was given as sixteen hours,
while that of the Humboldi wus sched
uled as sixteen hours thirty minutes.
Any controversy over the matter, how
ever, is needles*, as both steamers are so
evenly matched that another race would
not show a victory of three minutes on
either side.
The Alaska Packers' Association Thistle
went to sea yesterday, but had to put
back on account ol the storm. She bucked I
the storm for a time, but being unable to I
make any progress turned tail and made
for port
The s earner Cos'a Rica goes to sea un
der the British flag. When she was laid
up she was called the "Xlcarsjjuan
stramer Costa Rica," but as there is now
no Consul for that country here owing to
t lie federation in Central America a new
flae had to be found for the vesse .
The steamer Belgic of the Occidental
and Oriental line will be at least a month
late in reaching this port. While entering
the port of Hongkong her thrust shait
broce and she had to goon the dry dock
for repairs. The next vessel to arrive here
from the Orient therefore will be the
Doric, due here about the latter part of
this month or the Ist of May.
Modrl City Charter.
Iv the public xJdrets upon tiic "Principles
of Municipal Government," to be Riven this
evening by J. Richard Freud at Grace Church,
corner ol Twenty-first ana Capp street*, the
Important subject ol city charters will be fully
discussed. The seven essential features of a
model municipal charter will be explained.
A.I persons interested in municipal govern
ment are cordially invited to attend.
BEATEN AND ROBBED.
M. J. Coyl*-, an Ironworker, Attacked
by Three Men on the Water
Front.
If. J. Coyle, an ironworker, living at
. r >ls Howard btrept, went to the Receiving
Hospital yesterday with both eyes
blackened and bruised and a wound on
his left ear.
He said he was held up by three men on
th» water front Monday night and robbid
of $2H and a silver watch,
lie bad been drinking ani ihortly after
9 o'clock went into a saloou at Beale
and Howard street*. He drank a glass of
heer there and felt dnzod afterward.
WkW lie Ma^ered out or the saloon three
men, one of lhem a colored man, came
up to him and offered to lake him home.
They led him down to the water front
and he says !he colored man struck him
in the face with botu lists knocking hira
down. He j imped to hi* feet and fought
the three of them till he was knocked
prnteless by a blow over the left ear.
Then he was robbed. The knuckles of
his right hand were braised and swollen
showing that be fought gamely.
He reported the robnery to the first
policeman he met, but has heard nothing
further about Hie matter.
1 Himi'l a ii:k /.moriatlon.
A number of gentlemen interested in the
establishment of a public pare at the Mission,
assembled at the office of George D. Shadburne,
816 Sacramento street, yesterday. All were
enthusiastically in favor of the park. Among
trios* present wore: A. B. Muguire, Thomas
V. O'Brien, George S. Cutter, Dr. Kenyon,
1. • ■! *<• D. Snadburne, Judge Van i K-vnegom,
Mr. Buck of the firm of Buck <t O'Landt. John
ti. firmly, (,'apialu Sullivan and Mr McEvren
of McEwen Bros. A temporary organization
was lormed by the c.ectlon of G. D. Bhadburne
chairman and Mr. McEwen secretary. The
name adopted is the Mission V irk Association.
QUEER ASTRAL PICTURES
Mrs. Besant Scheduled to Do an
Extraordinary Thing en Her
Arrival Here.
She Wi'l Show Man's Invisible Bodies.
Will Be Given a Reception
and Sp-ak Often.
Mrs. Annie Besant of England, the dis
tinguished tneo?ophical author and
lecturer, will arrive here Saturday, May 8,
and will at once begin a scries of lectures
in this City, Oakland, San Jose, Santa
Cruz and Palo Alto. The subjects for the
lectures aro unusually interesting.
One thing Mrs. Besant will do that has
never betn attempted in this part of the
country hitherto, that is to give pictures
of th» mysterious astral bodies, of which
people long have beard. This will be done,
so it is givi»n out, on the evening of May
13. when the great advocate of thoosopliy
will «peak on the invisible bodies of man.
Unusual preparations are being made
here for Mrs. Besant. A reception is to be
given her, where she will meet leading
theosophists ond others who are interested
in the doctrines she teaches. Mrs. Besant
is now on her way West, accompanied by
the Countess IVacbnieisier. The last heard
from in m was a few days ago, when they
were at La Junta, Colo. They are pro
gressing slowly, and speaking in different
places. The programme, as made up for
Mr.'. Besam here, is as follows:
Saturday even Id g, May 8, at S o'clock (White
Lotus day), anniversary ot the death ot H. P.
Klavatsky, a reception will be t ndered Annie
Besmu by Golden Uats .Lodge of the Theosoph
ieal Society in Beethoven Hall, corner Pott
and Powell streets.
Sunday evening, May 9, at Metropolitan
Hall. Subject, "Relncarnaiion aud the Evolu
tion of the Soul."
Weaiu-sdav evening, May 12. Address before
the members of Golden Gaie Lodge In Native
Sous' buildint.
Thursday evening, May 13, second lecture in
Metropolitan Hall. Subject, "Man's Invisible
Bodies" (Illustrated by siereoptlcoa views).
Friday evening, May 14, the above lecture
will be repeated in Hamilton Hall. Oakland.
Sunday evening. May 10, third lecture at
Metropolitan Hah. Subject, "Thoughts and
Tncir Power."
Thursday, May 20. Sacramento. Ban Jose
and Paio Aito may also receive a visit between
May 10 and 20.
Mr*. Drlnau Held.
Grace Drinan was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior, Court by Judge Low In
$500 bonds for assault with deadly weapon.
Hit husb»nd deserted her and when she met
him at Third nnd Howard meets she fired
three snots at him, one of whicn lodged in his
right thigh.
The fac-simile xtj^ ff&f* j**** ** 011 evei 7 wrapper
signature of WutS e /jf/'U&W& of C ASTORIA.
GOVERNOR BUDD
HAS HIS SAY
He Brands Speculation in
the Durrant Case
as Idle.
Wiil Consider the Case When
It Is Formally Brought
Before Him
Attorney D uprey P; ofesses Ignorance
as to the Attitude of Prison
Directors.
"Idle and worthless speculation."
That is Governor Budd's sententious
comment upon t'no talK in regard to his
attitude in the Durrant case. He was
evidently not very well pleased at such
comment either. The statement was made
yesterday morning at the Palace Hotel^
and the Governor continued in the follow
ing strain :
"The story in reference to the commu
tation of Durrant's sentence has not been
seen by me, and I know nothing about
the statements it contains, as none of
them had been brought to my attention
previously.
"There is one thing I can tell 70a that
can be depended upon, and that is, any
surmise as to how 1 shall act in this n-,a:
--ter is useless labor. I have given the mat
trr absolutely no official consideration up
to this unit, and have not the lea-t inten
tion of doing so until it shall hare been
brought before me.
"When such time arrives I shall spare
no pains to investigate it from beginning
to end, and then will be the prop«r tun*
to discuss any views I may hold. Com
ment at this time udoq my attitude, or
what attitude 1 may assume in the future,
is manifestly absurd.
"Moreover, I shall have nothing more
to say in regard to this matter until it
has been presented to me formally and I
have given it due investigation."
Attorney Deuprey stated yesterday,
also, that be ha t no previous knowledge
as to the stand for commutation taken by
certain of th* Prison Directors until he
saw it in the newspaper?. He knew no. li
{ ing of n petition ior a commutation, and
I intended to keep at work on the Supreme
Court end of the case until be became con-
I vinced such a course was lioceless, and
then will ajioeal to ihe federal courts on
constitutional grounds.
Durrani's lamer was not at home again
last evening, but Mrs. Durrant said mat
she expected his arrival at any minute.
The nature of tne business that causes his
continued absence was no: divulged.
One of counsel for defense was present
in consultation w i h Mrs. Durrant a part
of the evening. He did not care to talk
much, but stated that one strong card yet
remains to be played in the itmoui caae.
He would not say what it was, but msinu
! ated that it would be in the nature of a
surprise.
NATIONAL GUARD NOTES.
The Colonel of the First Infantry, Sec
ond lirlgade, Will Be Tendered
a Reception To- Night
Colonel James F. Smith, colenel-elect of
the Fir-t Regiment, Second Brigade, N.
O. C, having passed the examining board
and be n commissioned, he will take the
oath of otßce and qualify in the regimen
tal armory, 25 Pape street, this evening.
On that occasion the officers of the regi
ment will lender him an informal recep
tion.
Companies C and G, First Infantry, Sec
ond Brigade, better known as the Na
tionals, will, on the evening of next
Wednesday, for the benefit of the "Na
tional Quartet," give a minstrel and
vaudeville entertainment and dance in the
Euis-street armory. A hi* crowd of the
guardsmen and their lady friends a-ili at
tend, as the previous like entertainment
given by tii • Nationals was such a sue ess
that there was a demand for a repetition.
The Caaet Company, First Regiment,
Second Bri -ade. will give a dnnce in the
assembly hail of the Girls' High School
on tnc evening of the 21st of next month.
Corporal C. Bart'.ett of the Cadet Com
pany has teen promoted iiftii sergeant,
and Private Adler has been promoted cor
NEW TO-DAT
Remington
Standard
Typewriter
For the better accommodation of our patrons in
the City of San Francisco, and on the Pacific
Coast generally, and for the more thorough
handl ng of our business in this field, we will
open
TO-DAY, APRIL 22, 1 897,
Our Own Branch Office, at
211 Montgomery Street,
San Francisco.
Telephone, Main 87.
Every facility for the Sale, Rental and Repair
of Machines, and the prompt and efficient con-
duct of all departments of our business, will be
provided.
WYCKOFF, SEAMANS & BENEDICT.
poral. N. J. Barry has also been created
corporal of the company.
UPHOLDING THE LAW.
Millionaire W. B. Bradbarr Convicted
of ICxpci-tm-HtiiiE in a Cable-
Car.
W. B. Bradbury, the niillionaire, was
convicted in Judge Low's court yesterday
of violating the ordinance prohibiting ex
pectorating in streetcirs, and the Judge
ordered him to pay a fine of |5, with the
alterna'ive of twenty-four hours in the
County Jail. At the request of Attorney
O'Brien, who represented the defendant,
the Judge decided not to record the sen
tence till to-day as the defendant intended
to appeal to the Superior Court so as to test
mo constitutionality of the ordinance.
H. J. Huth. the conductor ot the car in
which ttie defendant expectorated, testi
fied that when he remonstrated with the
defendant ana advised him of the ordi
nance he expressed his contempt for the
law and persisted in expectorating.
Mrs. P. C. Jenkins, 2102 Mason street,
I who was a passenger on the enr, corrob
orated the testimony of the conductor.
The defendant admitted expectorating
on the floor of the car. He was unaware
at the lime that such an ordinance wa- in
exisU-nca and denied the legality of his
arrest.
The Judge said that the ordinance had
I been pub'is ed in the newspapers by the
Chief of Police and it bad been given ail
the publicity possible. He had, therefore,
no other recourse but to find the defend
ant guilty.
TTomeni' Prom Association.
There will be a benefit for the Women's Pa
cific Coait Press Association at the California
Theater to-morrow evening. The attractions
will be tp dallies by Mrs. Edgerton, Emily
Melville, Gardner de Veuve, Brandt orchestra,
Zela Cook, Etue! Fuirweather, Charles Monn
han, Charlie Partentaire, Charlie Brown,
Frank Southard. John Gauniux, Florence
Cotoni, Irene Radovieh, Km:.;- Bulleisk and
Letty Adams.
Fair-haired p-opla are becoming leas
numerous than formerly. The ancient
Jews were a fair-haired race; now they
are. with few exception;, daru. So it is
in a lesser degree with the Irish, among
whom 169 years u£O a dark-haired person
wasalrni-st unknown.
raw TO-DAT.
This pure food
agitation is pretty hard upon
grocers who can't always tell
pure food from impure.
Grocers need not be afraid
of Schilling's Best
tea . baking powder
coffee spices
soda ' extracts
They are pure but, if any doubt
comes up, we will save any gro-
cer the expense and annoyance
of defending the suit.
This guarantee to your gro-
cer, with our money back guar-
antee to you, ought to make
you sure that Schilling's Best is
the food for you.
\ Schilling & Company
G -"i f-'ranciseo 603
NEW TO-D \T-ASIUSEMEJITS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAl.ltti MOROCCO... soI* Lessee and Al»a»««:
Limited Engagement of the Farorlte Eastern'
Ac.ress.
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD!
In Her Original Character of NOKA LOGAN in
Arnoli Wolford's Magnificent Scenic Day.
•♦THE BRAND OF CAIN"
Realistic and Startling Explosion Scene!
A Strong Story Graphically Presented!
- A Splendid Cast of faxperienced Actors I
Evenlnsr Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
Mstln»«s baturd»y ana ■Sanaa f.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(.NGLESIDE TRACK).
The only 1-eriec; Winter Racetrac* m Amerlev
RACING jj^g RACING
liming From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
urday. May 1, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
. - FIRST RACK AT 2P. M.
Take Southern Tactile train* at Tnlrt ant
Townsend bis. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 P. v.
Fare for Round Trip, including Atl«
niiMlou to Uronndt, HI.OU. ■■ •
Take Missions:, electric line direct to traos.
The Corrliran Stakes Monday, April 19. --. V :
'1 he Spreckels Cop Saturday, April 24.
Tue California Hurdle Wt-dneaiay, April 28. .
. The Ingleslda Stakes. A miles. Saturday. May 1.
X N. ANDKOUes President.
F. H. OKEKN. Secretary. ■-.■:.. ■
THE CHUTES.
I'HAKLKS CAVILL,
The Champion Mwlmmer, will Rive exhibitions
- • - In the v hate Lake . .
EVERY AFTKRNOON AND EVKN'ISG.
ADMISSION, 100. CHILDREN. »c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY PROn 7 A. M UNTIL it P. T\.
« Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, including Admission: Adults. -sc: Chll-
; d.eu, 20c.
General Aumitaiuu, iUo; Cliildrea* 5o
jrrW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AJlAaYiuxAOk ilnrir.,or»LftlJ ftopw.j:i
EVERY NIGHT THIS and NEXT WEEK
Sunday Night Included.
MATINEE SATURDAY
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
WHITES AND BLACKS
Including the Prince of Comedians,
OKORGE WILSON.
The Finest Minstrel Performacce ever given hex*.
Commencing Next Monday Night,
Ap.Uiiß. LAST WiSKK of
PRIMROSK & WEST'S MINSTRELS.
In conjunction with the regular programme,
Our Famous PKIZE CAKE WALK CARNIVAL
1-orty couple will participate for prizes.
SKATS .NOW Kr.ADY.
Note.— First Para-ie of the Minstrels to-day
from the Theater a; 11:30 a. m. A gorgeous turii-
OttL.
Mon., May 3— De Wolf Hopper In "El rapltan"
fRICOLAnfItIU'OrTIOD * q>- it»cj «m ruuiAfttKJ ■ • •
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Charming Comedy,
MARY PENNING I ON, SPINSTER.
Presen;ed by
—MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN—
And Her Wide' v Praised Company.
Next Monday ...WARD <t YOKES, In
"ARUNONTHE BANK!"
COLUMBIA_JTHEATER.
EXTRA.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. April 22, at 3:30.
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT.
GUSTAV HINRICHS, Dicrecior.
Soloist, Mr. Denis O'Sullivan.
Rubins em's Fifth "-ympliony (tirst time) and
the Famous Nut Cracker suite.
.Reserved seats SOe and $1. Box-office now open.
| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
I MKkJUBXifBTUrB K»kt.i\». Proprietor « Maaajar
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Successful Romantic Jri*h Opera.
TEE LILY Of KILLARNEY.
-StPKRB CAST :
Songs That Reach the Heart.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
NEXT WKEK —
The London Success.
"SHAMUSO'BRIENI"
Kirn Appearance of
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN! —
The creator of the title role.
Popular Prices 25s and 500
NEW VAUDEVILLE MAGNETS!
Special Ensauement of sin. ACHILLE At-
Bh.KTI, Baritone, and M.ME. AN'NINA OR-
LANDI, Mez7X»->oprano: MARZKLO & MIL-
I LAY, Burlesque Wrestlers; hi) . LATKLLK,
Musical Comedian, and 11 l-.KI". GKAJ& and his
1 rick Baboon and Donkey, in conjunction with
the MKKRILhKBSbTEKMIAKRIS & WAL-
TERS. KROXEMaS> BROS.. EVANS <&
VJDOCQ,ana DKLMOKK &
' Meterved sea:s. i!sc; i'.al<.uuy, 10c: Upera-cbalrt
and box-seats. Sue.
Concerts In the Orpbenm Annex every evening.
Al n A7fIR I GREAT success
nbUnliNil ' Of Tom Taylor's
j llel&sco.tLal-'uiile.M ii. ! 1-Kmous Comedy,
i "THE OVERLAP ROUTE."
' •■'.-; • Produced with Special Scenery Costumes
' and Effects!
The Entire Alcazar Company, including GEORGE
OSBUIKNK, in the Car.
P.pcuiar Prices. Telephone for Scan, Black 991.
SPANISH CARNIVAL
MASQUERADE,
SATURDAY mm, APRIL 24,
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
GRAND $10,000
Illuminated Street Parade,
AT 7:30 O'CLOCK.
ADM15510N....... ...... .....0NE DOLLAR
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Saturday Kve'iing.. April 24.
■ One Piano Kecital •• iy b7
FEi&.XIT,! LADX).
Res rv. (l sea's 50c, 1 5c ana $I ; on sale at Sher-
man. Clay it a* . - . . *
. PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING THE
SEASON. Music, Dancinz, Bowling, Boat-
ing-. Fishing and Other Amusements.
I Befreshments at City prices. Fare, rojuil trip,
25c, Children 15c: Including admission to grounds.
THK STEAMER URIAH
Wil leave Tiburon Ferry a" IH-.30 a. m. ; 12-10,
2:00 and 4:00 p.m. Re -iirnl>iir. leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a. x , 1:00.3:00 and 5:00 p. m i
78th ANNIVERSARY" PICNIC
I. <O. I*.
OAKLAND Kr:BuKAH LODGES,
For the benefit of the OKPHAN*-' lluilE.
AT SAN lOKENZO UUOVK, ON MON-
DAY. A I- ill I. 46. 1K97.
Bound-trip ticket on Uaynarda electric- cars. in-
cluding admission to grove, 50c. Take broai-
BaiiKe ferry from foot or Market street for Fruit-
rale station. The electric-cars run from there
Uir.ct to tne grove.
78
THE JURY
IS NOW
COMPLETE
Twelve Men, Good and
True, to Try the v '
Fair Case.
TALESMAN HARRIGAN
WAS CHALLENGED.
A Dispute Over the Plaintiff's
Claim for an Extra
Peremptory.
SETTLED BY MR. FOOTE'S
GENEROSITY.
The Actual Taking of Evidence in
the Great Case to B gin
This Morning.
Richard C. Mattison.
H. It Burlingauie.
William Z. Tiffany.
James I". Ford.
Isaac S. Koienbaum.
Patrick Minehan.
James F. Martinoni.
Louis Marku*.
Charles I>. Douglas.
James W. Pattersoa Jr.
James "Nightman.
Barrow MUIi.
These are the twelve men, good and
true, who have been chosen to pass upon
the validity of Mrs. Nettie Craven's deeds
to two of the most valuable pieces of
property claimed by the executors lor the
late Senator Fair as being a part- his
estate. These are the wise men who are
to determine what is conceded to be one
of the most important issues that have
arisen since the death of the multi
millionaire miner.
The jury was completed at yesterday
afternoon's session in Judge Slack's
court, and the proceeding was witnessed
by an immense throne drawn from the
public at lanre by the magnetic interest
that has been manifested ever since it
came to light that Senator Fair did not
leave all of his vast possessions to his im
mediate relatives.
The taking of evidence will begin this
morning, the initial effort being, of
course, that of the executors to snow that
Mrs. Craven's deeds to the property at the
corner of Sansome and Pine streets and
that at the corner of Mission and Twelfth
streets are not genuine. Expert testi
mony on handwriting will naturally
figure largely on both sides of the case.
The morning session yesterday was
shore It was rendered so by the counsel
for the plaintiffs, who asked for time to
study over the list of jurors preparatory
to applying their last peremptory chal
lenge. James W. Patterson Jr., who was
sworn in Tuesday afternoon just before
adjournment, was examined by the at
torneys on both sides as soon as court
convened yesterday, and his responses,
showed that he was thoroughly qualified
to act as a juror. He was not on familiar
terms with any of the lawyers, litigants or
witnesses in the case, and no ill feeling,
or, for that matter, no particular affection
either for tiny of them. He had not been
readme much about the case, and had had
no opportunity to form any opinions.
Mr. Patterson seemed to satisfy the at
torneys and was passed. -
The" box was now filled and,- if no per
emptory challenges' issued from either
side, the jury was complete. But the
challenge privilege was going to be exer
cised — that was soon made apparent. The !
difficulty was, though, that each side had
but one challenge left and both wanted to
proceed with extreme caution. It was
the plaintiffs' turn to show their hand.
The attorneys for that side conferred in
undertones and their faces wore serious
expressions. Finally Mr. I'ierson arose
and, addressing the court, asked that a
recess be taken until after the noon hour
in order that he and his assistants might
further confer and determine whether or
not it would be judicious to resort to an
other peremptory challenge.
Judge Slack assented and 1:30 o'clock
was fixed as the hour for resuming the
case.
There was a story afloat during this re
cess to the effect that suspicion had been
fastened upon one of the jurors, but the
counsel on both sides denied this emphat
ically.
When court reconvened for the after
noon session Mr. Pierson announced that
after a lengthy conference the attorneys
representing the various issues united on
the plaintiffs' side had decided to permit
the jury to stand as it was— that is, they
preferred to hold their last challenge. , •
Judge Slack then turned inquiringly to
the attorneys for the defense.
"We will excuss M. J. Harrigan," said
Mr. Foote, who readily understood what
was wanted of him.
This left another vacancy : in the box
and Alfred Bear's name came out of Clerk
Casey's miniature Ferris wheel. Mr. Bear
quickly demonstrated, however, that he
would not do lor the jury. Mr. Foote
extracted the information lrom the tales
man that he had read a eood deal about
the Fair case and had in consequence
formed a very strong opinion. He did
not believe he could cast aside that opin
ion and try the case impartially, so he was
challenged and excused.
Barrow Mish, a retired milliner, was
then called into the box and sworn. In
response to Mr. Pierson's questions Mr.
Mish said he had a saluting acquaintance
with a number of the lawyers engaged in
the case, but was not on intimate terms
with any of them. He did not know any
of the litigants and was not acquainted
with Senator Fair in his lifetime. - '
To Mr. Foote the talesman said he had
read considerable about the case, but had
formed do opinion. He was quite posi
tive about this. - -
"Have you any prejudice against either
side represented here, or any one encaged
in the trial of this case?' asKed Mr. Foote,
eyeing the talesman sharply.
■ "I nave not."
"Sure about that?"
"Quite sure."
Mr. Foote then asked Mr. Mish if he
was not a brother of David Mi»h, who was
killed by Dr. McDonald some ■ years ago,
and the reply was in the affirmative. -
"Don't you remember, that I' defended
Dr. McDonald?" asked. the lawyer. . .
"No. I had forgotten it," was the an
swer. .
"You entertain rather virulent feelings
. toward Dr. McDonald, do you not?" -v
"Naturally. I do." . r
"Well, now,: Mr. Mish, would the fact
that I defended Dr. McDonald and secured
his acquital have a tendency to prejudice
you against the Bide 1 represent here in
this case'/" K^? ;
"It would not."
"You are sure?"
"Quite sure, sir.''
So Mr. Mish remained in the box.
A question here arose as to whether the
plaintiffs had the right to another per
emptory challenge. Mr. Foote and his
associate, Mr. Delmas, maintained that
the other side had surrendered its privi
lege when at the opening of the afternoon
session the arrangement was made that the
challenge was withheld.
Before the court was called npon for a
ruling on the point, however, Mr. Foote
generously withdrew Ins objections to the
challenge. He and Mr. Pierson then had
a little talk, and both agreed to excuse
Juror Harry Adler.
James Wigbtman, a lumber merchant,
was now piaced in the jury-box and ques
tioned as to his qualifications to succeed
Mr. Aciler. Mr. Wigbtman told Attorney
Pierson that he was acquainted with Mrs.
Craven, but ha I not spoken to her for fif
teen years. He was on intimate terms
wth none of the people connected with
ihe case, and in fact knew few of them.
To Mr. Foote the talesman said he had
read something about tbe case, but had
formed no fixed opinion as to the merits
of the respective issues involved. He was
prejudiced against nobody concerned in
tho case and thought he would make a
fair and impartial juror. In fact, he was
sure of it.
Mr. Pierson at this juncture asked if it
was still understood thai the plaintiffs
had the right to one more peremptory
challenge.
"I don't know about that," replied Mr.
Foote.
"Wall, never mind, then, we are content
with the jury as it is," saia Mr. Pierson.
•'Oh, we will offer no objection if you
want to exercise a challenge," remarked
Mr. Foote.
"No; we are satisfied with the jury."
There was a general stirring about the
courtroom now, for the jury had been
completed, and the court promptly ordered
that the taking of evidence be proceeded
with.
But this part of the programme was not
carried out. Mr. Pierson asked permis
sion to correct an allege! mistake in the
amended complaint atrainst Mrs. Craven,
and Mr. Delmas, while offering no. objec
tion to this, said his side would certainly
have to be given time in which to plead to
the corrected instrument.
In consequence an adjournment was
taken until this mommy.
ATTACHED THE COLONIAL
E. F. Joy Sues Mrs. Sarah B.
Johnson on a Promissory
Note.
Other D3bts Outstanding— The Pro
prietor Claims to Be Perfectly
Solvent
Sheriff Whelan took possess'on of the
Colonial Hotel, corner of Pine and Jones
streets, on an attachment sued oat yester
day morning by Edwin F. Joy, who claims
that the proprietor, Mrs Sarah B. John
son, is indebted to him in the sum of
$562862.
Mrs. Johnson gave Joy the note some
time ago for the amount named and
though he made several attempts to col
lect it Mrs. Johnson was not ready to pay
and he began suit. The action was filed
by Joseph Kirk, attorney for the Board of
Trade, and Mrs. Johnson immediately
went to the board rooms to try to head
the attachment off and prevent others
being placed on the furniture by various
persons to whom ehe is indebted.
She ciaimed to be perfectly solvent and
said if she were given time she would be
able to settle all her debts in a manner
satisfactory to her creditors.
W.W.Montague & Co. are among tbe
heaviest crcd tors, and a representative of
the linn saw Mrs. Johnson and arranged
to Betile the account in an amicable
manner.
A garnishment was placed on Mrs.
Johnson's funds io the First National
Bank to secure the amount claimed by
Joy, but it is expected that this will be re
leased shortly.
The keeper of the Colonial attributes
her troubles to inability' to collect out
standing accounts that she ciaims will
more than offset her liabilities. She fears
other attachments by timiri creditors, but
says tnat it is only a question of a lew
days before she will be in a good financial
condition.
R«mortgaging a Cburch.
Application has beea made by Trinity
Methodiu Episcopal Church for permission
to mortgage reul estate on Sixteenth street,
near Sanchez, for $7000. A mortgage for
$6103 9ft is already pendinc on the property
mentioned. Judge Seawell will hear the ap
plxatiou on the 28th inst.
; Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or wlittout removal. * JNoouau, 1017-1073 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
The Jurors for the Fair Trial Take the Oath.
TRAFFIC KING OF
SOUTH AFRICA
T. R. Price Arrives Here on
a Tour Which Is Mainly
for Pleasure.
His Story of the Corridor-Car and
the Reduction in Rates to
Passengers.
The Freight Rates Rather Higher Than
Here— Government Ownership
a Benefit.
T. •R. Price of Cape Town, chief traffic
manager of about 4000 miles of Govern
ment railroads in South Africa, is at the
Accidental. He is on a tour of the world,
mainly for pleasure, but is incidentally
looking into such improvements and
methods in railroading as may arouse his
interest. He has just come from Aus
tralia, where he has been for some little
time.
Mr. Price is no ordinary railroad man.
His position is a very important one. He
was for seventeen years connected with ,
the Great Western Railroad, one of the ;
leading lines of England, prior to coing to
South Africa, where he has been for eigh
teen years.
The Cape Railway, reaching from Cape
Town to Johannesburg and beyond, has
with its branches a length of 2500 miles.
The Portuguese Railway, running from
Delagoa Bay to the frontier, is but sixty
miles long. The Netherlands South Af
rica Railway, in the Transvaal, has 410
miles of line. The Natal Government
Railway, In Natal, • has 400 miles. Be
sides these there is the British South Af
rican Company's railway from Fry burg to
Buluwayo, through Matabeleland. About
200 miles of this road is now built, and
work is progressing in extending it, at the
rate of about a mile and a half a day. It
will be about GOO miles long when com
pleted. Besides these there are a few
short railways, approximating in all
about 200 miles. Besides these there is a
road through the Orange Free State 350
miles long.
These . details were given by Mr. Price
and then he added : ".V*^
"The bonded debt of the Cape road is
about £14,000,000. The road cost about
£7000 or £8000 a mile. Traffic is pretty
heavy, and this year we wilt pay about 9
per cent interest on the bonded debt. The
gauge of the South African roads, I almost
forgot to say, is 3 feet 6 inches. They
were made this gauge at first and after
ward the gauge was continued to insure
unity in order that the cars might con
form. The distance lrom the Cape to
Bulawayo is 1500 miles.
"Our cars nre somewhat different from
either the English or American cars.
They are a sort of combination of the Pull
man and English. Each of the cars has
four .first-class, compartments and six
second-class, besides room for baggage.
They are called corridor-cars. Each has a
long hallway or corridor on one side run
ning the whole length, ho that passengers
may go from one car to another through
the train. As a whole the people there
like them better than either the English
or American cars.
•"Our rates per mile for fare are: Third
class, 1 penny; second class, 2 pennies;
first class, 3 pennies; return tickets, one I
and a half lares. These return tickets for j
very short distances are cood for four I
days, for sixty miles they are good for h I
week, 100 • miles for two weeks, for
longer distance they are good for a month
and for some three months.
"We are »ow going to make substantial
reductions for first and second class fairs.
It has long been our custom to mak» sub
stantial reductions for school holidays
and for excursions on holidays, liks Whit
suntide, Christmas and soon. For these
we ( charge single fares for double jour
neys, and for lamilies for distances over
150 miles we charge three-fourths of a
fare. Our roads are the first of which I !
have ever heard to make reductions for
families. HS3R
"Freight charges are' somewhat higher
there than' here. ,
'•In regard to Government ownership,
my impression is that it is to the advan
tage of the - people. .1 ? was for eighteen ■
years with one of the leading private
roads of England, tho Great Western." «
Mr.. Price seems a very careful- and
thoroughly well-informed railroad man,
as his position indicates. He will visit
some of the Southern Pacific officials
while here. Mr. Price is accompanied by
his son, who will go up and look at the
Yo senate.
THE LAW NOT VIOLATED.
Mayor Pholan '(peak* of the Disad
vantages of Cemeteries Within
the City Limits.
Mayor Phelan wishes to correct an im
pression that has pone abroad that he has
criticized the cemetery associations re
garding violations of the burial ordi
nances. What ho did say was that the
Board of Health should consider the
question of burials within the City and
county with a view to giving voice to its
sentiments as to whether or not such
practices are to the sanitary advantage of
ibe City. Mayor Pbelan believes that
cemeteries within the City limits are a
bar to the progress of the municipality.
"They lie across the path of the City's
growth to the west," said the Mayor yes
terday, "ana retard its development. The
City can only grow south and west on ac
count of its peculiar topography, and fair
notice should be given to the cemetery
associations that the time will speedily
come when they, will have to move to
•nore remote quarters. I may recommend
an ordinance fixing a term after which
burials shall cea?e within the City limits,
so that no unfair advantage shall be taken
of the associations owning cemeteries.
The only question involved is the growth
and development of the City, and I must
refrain from discussing the sentimental
eide of the question."
Police Tribunal.
The Police Commissioners met last sight,
when a charge of unofficerlike conduct against
NEW TO-DAT. «'V f
MWplllliil
.
THE EXCESSIVE EXPENDITURE OF VITAL FORCE OR
nerve power is one of the greatest dangers attending early
manhood. "To beat the record," "to bo at the top or nowhere"
are the catch phrases that are well nigh omnipotent among young
men who are active, eager and progressive ; while "to be a high
; roller" or "to be in the swim" are the stimuli of the young fellow
I who wastes his vitality in dissipation, early excesses and indis-
cretions. To attain these ends they draw upon their reserve
energy and bend all their force and strain their ability to the
utmost, and all this at a.time when nature should be storing in
them a reserve of vital force for the, future. , What is the re-
suit ? We have a great many men possessed of a highly sensi-
j tive, nervous terperament. Instead of a steady building up of
manly strength and vigor, there is a forced, unnatural develop-
ment that brings on a shattered constitution, weak nerves, weak
backs and a loss of manly power. Men grow old before their
prime. Man does not reach physical perfection before the age
of twenty-five years, and till that time he must not make an
overdraft on his nerve force, for nature will surely demand a
payment of the debt. No amount of regrets will ever make up
the deficiency, and when a man looks back at his past life he
realizes the extent of his folly and makes an effort to regain
what he has lost. Such a man needs the toning and invigorating
effects of a mild, gentle current of electricity to infuse new life
and energy into his weakened nerves and to build up and
strengthen his vital organs. He can find no remedy like
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
For restoring his manhood and his strength. Its touch is the
touch of magnetism— -the healthful essence of vitality that
makes strong men and women. Every spark is a wave of ani-
mal life giving new energy to the weakened nerves. By its use
you can send your life blood bounding through your veins '•• feel
the exhilarating: thrill ias it enters the system ; regain the
sparkle in your eyes, the springing step, your manhood. It has
cured thousands.
"I am much improved in every respect and have conlldenoe in myself that I nrvrr
in my life before thought of having, i used to be always thinking of my trouble and
imagined every cisc knew about my weakness. Now 1 feel stronger than any
one. I can feel the current from the bett warming up my body and putting new iif%
into all the par I can never feel loogratelul to you."— E. M. SNODGUABS, Albion
Idaho, April 12, 1897. a *• AlDlon,
Why go on nursing your weakness whon a cure is at hand,
when you realize that you are losing your vitality and all that is
good and noble in life ? Get the book, "Throe Classes of Men
which is sent, sealed, free to any .address; or can bo had at the
office for the asking. Call and see and tost tho bolt and get the
book. It may save you years of misery. Call or address /
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., OJHSX & BESS:
t: : MUi.-jhMke no mistake m Ui»aumDer-e3a M»rk ? i MuM . Make now of it
"■.,* »K. SAMDisN'H isi<£Vtuio Hill-) cvitusnvrTunis.' . -
Policeman Edward Stanton was dismissed.
Policemau John S. Hart was fined $ 100 for
visiting a saloon while on duty, for being ab
sent witnout leave ana for unofficerlike con
duct. Policeman John H. Crowley, for failure
to report for duty, was fined $20. A charge
against. Policeman E. Hartley for not patrol
ling bis beat was dismissed.
LADIES OF ST. BOSE'S.
They Will Olve an *.vfiiin K 'a Enter
tainment on April 26.
The young ladies' sodality of St. Rose's
Church will give a musical and dramatic
entertainment at Native Sons' Hall, on
Monday evening, April 26. The following
programme will be given:
Overture, orchestra; vocal duet, Mlises
O'Connor and Morrell ; piano solo. Miss }'enrl
Ladd; estr.diantlna, sodality choral; "Holy
City,' tenor solo, George L«ne; dialogue. Miss
M. 11:11 and A. Jones; vocal solo. Miss Minnie
Ityrne; exhibnioa drill. Company 11, L. C. C. ;
miiie quartet, composed of George Lane,
Daniei t-heerin, WllUhiu Wilson. D. C. Sheerin;
fancy dance, Miss Susie Walker; comic selec
tion, Mr. Johnston.
The i rogramme will conclude with a
laughable farc^ entitled, "Auni Charlotte's
Maid." Tns cast of characters will be as
follows:
AuntCharlotte'sMaid.Mißß Helen O'Rielly;
Mrs. Ruridyfoot (Aunt Charlotte), Miss May
Segree; Miss Fannie Volly, Miss Josie Russell;
Horatio, Thomas Sparkins' nephew. Dr. Frank
Robinson; Maj.>r Dolly, A. McKlnuou; Lawyer
Prost, John Hogan.
P. O'Connor Drowned.
The body of P. O'Connor was found floating
In the bay yesterday, having been in the water
a week or more. The features were unrecog
nizable, but his identity was learned from a
boulevard ticket found on him. It was num
ber 94' i, and entitled P. O'Connor to fourteen
days' work on tlie boulevard. A letter ad
dressed to the same person was found on the
body. It was from the Western Elade Aber
deen Wool Mill Company.
BARTLETTJPRINGS!
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING . TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
Baths with, competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Howling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orches-
tra plays daily; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; housekeeping cottages, $2 50 to
$0 per week.
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. .
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ,' CAL.
California's favorite resort.
Located on a flowering slope from the be^ch.
Unsurpassed view of
Beach, Bay and Mountains.
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and .Music.
Reasonable Rates. .
For t-rms address
JOHN T. SULLIVAN, Manager.
,
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Bay, situated on C.'ear Lake, Is most pic-
turesque. Spring is famous for the vast volume
of delicious sodawater. Hunting, tishing, boating
and swimming are unsurpassed anywhere. Th«
table Is suppled with the very best the market
affords, and the comfort and welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Dally stage from Pieta to
Soda Bay direct. Fare from San ira :cisco $5 50;
round trip 10.
P. B. HE. TH. proprietor. Soda Bay, Kelsey-
vllle. Lake County, Cal.
Ol#Afl fl A 9 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf 111 If X to , only 41 nouri from
■in MII3I ■ ■ San Francisco, ami but 9
UIInUUU miles' staging. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and generally
conceded to be the finest natural bath water in me
Mate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express; well-stocked trout streams. Round trip
from San Francisco only $5 60. Take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, *2 a day
or $12 a week.
; J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS/
LAKK COUNTY. -"(•,-/'
DKLIOHTFUL WATEKING-PLACE IS
X located Id the mill- 1 of the Coast Range. . -
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths.-- large swimming-tank of mineral
water, fine cone dining-room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation*
good trout-tishing and hunting. Round-trip tick-
ets at 8. P. offices, 910.
JOHN SPATTLDINO. Proprietor.
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
H MILKS FROM VKIAH. FINK FISHING
and hunting. Baths free. Water sure en re for
rheumatism and all skin diseases.' Round trip
»9 60. Board. *7 per week. J. H. ORR, Orr Post-
office, Mendocino County, Cal. : . • -■
LAUREL DELL.
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAURKLDELL
-L Lake: new dining-room, new liwry stable, it
Is now one of the most attractive outing places In
Lake County. Rates $8 to $12 per wee*. . Boating
and butbine free Bring your bathing suits. aS
dress H. WA 21 BOLD, Hertha P. 0,, LaV 10.. Cai.
GLENBROOK,
ONE OP THE MOST CHARMING RESORTS-
In the State. Fine scenery, hunting and fish-'
ing. Excellent table. For circulars and further.
information address O. W. R. TREDWAY, Glen-
brook, Lake County, Cal. .:„_ ,
Ripans Tabules
—ONE GIVES RELIEF-
FANNY R. Everything I eat swells me up and makes me
feel uncomfortable. Am constipated and have
headaches every day.
Grace D. Buy some Ripans Tabules and take one when
the swelling begins to manifest itself. You
will find that the trouble will come to an end
in ten minutes, and there will be no head-
ache that day.
HUAVFtYHiI *°™ Toroat. i'lmplea. c, n ,i T -|fl f — *" ' H « I fti^ii ;^^l*lH
■IIAIC'IUU Colored Spots, A.-tics. Old Horrg.Hß n _._ ,_ - 7. U
■acor» in Mouth, iiAir-Knunjri write cookHS : uppression, Suiiocation, Neuralffia, etc.
■REMEDY CO., 807 Maionle TemplcH rnprn ny
■Chleaco, 111., for proofs of cum. c?upl49 T- • • «• CUKED BY
■^^r?o^ v P o^ c t^^^^ '% Espie s Cigarettes, or Powder
■■■HBBM||MH Paris, J. ESPIC ; Nc* York.O.FOUGERA&CO.
1 " ,_ w ... SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
~ ~^^~rr~- t-j ijfiii '""' ~
New hotel erected this spring. Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Finest dining- room north of f^an Fran-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs la
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathing, boating, minting and tishin;:
swimming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc.
TAKr-. STAGK.ATPIETA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTK TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Hound trip from San Francisco $8.
Rates 10 to $16 per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager.
P. F. Office— Sl6 Montgomery st.
IIH II A IC" li Monterey coon-
B HII U iflT\3 I Carlsbad of
I SI llt\■ U tJ America -For
■ ■■■■■■■ m& XW- health.rest.pleas-
nre, rlimate, accommodations, scenery, . flower >
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunga
batbs, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, ma*-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children')
playground, croquet . and dance ball for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
: and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. it.
dally, for Soledad; Retnrn-trip ticket, «8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. . For '
Illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
18i>e, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
HOWARD SPRINGS.
P. 0. , Putah, Lake County.
TOENOVATED AND IMPROVED; ACCOM-
-L\ roodalions and table service strictly first class;
$10 to sl2; special terms to families: postofficeand
telephone on premises; round trip $10: ticket* at
Southern Pacific offices: finest baths In Lake
County. WALLACE KPAULDING. Manager.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
I ■pAYORITE RESORT OF B ATE;. THE
I X 1 water is unexcelled for' medicinal purpotes;
j table unsurpassed; line fishing an 1 hunting, stnee
r dally from laltstoga direct to springs: round trip
nt southern Pacific offices $10. IMS. \V. H.
. PRATHER. Adam Springs.
LAUREL GLEN FARM
; T?IXK SPRING WATER: PL- NTY OF MILK,
X cream, fruit and home comforts. For particu-
lars address MRS. V. STUiJKNRAUCH. box 159,
Nape, Cal. • " •.' >
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
n MILKS' FROM NAPA CITY, ON MOUNT
• Veder; elevation 1555 feet: mountain spring
water; flee scenery: healthy climate: a postlve
cure for asthma. Address MKS. A. F. ALLEN
Napa City. '•- -* ■ > -• i - . - V
HOTEL DE THORNTON;
pott IK valley. V-'.-
Flrat-Clas* in Every Reapeet.
E. K. HOLBROOK, PROPRIETOR.,
Rates. $7 per week. Bath and all modern con-
.venlencea In connection with hotel. '.•■•'-, a-
WILSON'S INN.
A TTRACTIVE MOUNTAIN SCKNERT: ELB-,
J\. vation 1900 feet; exhilarating air: unsurpassed .
home tab exceptionally good locality for asibma
and nervous debility. Address AKNO H. WIL-
SON, Atlas, Napa County. ;
AGTJA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL. SO-
noma Valley; 2 hours f om San Francisco via
Tibnron ferry. X F. & >*. P. R. R. : warm mineral
swimming and tub bath*; hotel completely remod-
eled, enlarged and h<>ndiomtMvre'urni<hed: water,
ga^, electric bells in all rooms; $10 to $12 per'
week, $2 perday. Address Ai;ua Caiiente springs,
Aqua Caiiente, Sonoma County. Cal. ■■ . . . ;
GOOD BOAt D ON RANCH, SUBURBS OP
ralistoga: plenty fresh eggs, butter chickens
and milk: $6 and $7 ueek: hotminera baths free.
MRS. J. MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. NapaCo.,CaL ,
rj tNTLEMAN AND WIFE CAN BE ACCOM-
VJ modatea with summer board, with all the ■
comforts of a home; large grounds and garden.
Address box 19, Menlo Park,
A NDERSON SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
XI. op«-n May 10; telephone connections; write •
for circular Address J. ANDEKSjN, Mlddletown.FIR THE LIBERTY
OF THE PRESS
S. M. Shortridga Fights for
This in the Marriott
Case.
Gloom Overshadows the Coterie
of Lawyers for the Prose
cution.
Slim Showing Made to Prove the
Accusation of L b 1 on Judge
Hebbard.
A pall of doom overspread the coterie
of law j-ers who are conducting the prose
cution of the charge of libel which Judge
J. C. B. Hebbani has preferred against
Editor Marriott of the News Letter. It was
evident that the gentlemen regretted their
extreme levity of the previous day and
had determined to make amends to the
proprieties by increased and superlative
severity.
Attorney Julius Kahn, the principal at
torney for the prosecution, who has as
sumed the burden which in the regular
course of affairs would fall on the District
Attorney, was particularly funereal, only
relieving the solemnity of the day with
occasional bursts of eloquence.
The usual questions were proposed to
talesmen for the purpose of testing their
qualifications to act as juror.-. It was
no;ea that all of them said they believed
in the liberty of the press, and thought
thai judges should submit to criticism the
same ay other people.
Judge Hehbard sat with the attorneys
for the prosecution as usual and pave
them the advantage of his counsel. He
also kept notes of the answer s ot tales
men.
' Deputy District Attorney Hinkle was \
again at his post at Judge Hebbard's
elbow, taking the place that rrom time to
, time has been occupied by District Attor
ney Barnes and Deputy District Attorney
BlacE. This multiplicity of lawyers for
the prosecution has been one of tne spec
tacular features of this case.
Willard Perkins received special atten
tion at the hands of the lawyers. Mr.
Kahn soon satisfied himself, and S. M.
ehortridge, representing Mr. Marriott,
after pursuing the usual line of inquiry
for awhile took a. new tack.
• ~ "If a Judge is unfair do you think a
citizen has a right to say so?" asked Mr.
libortridge.
This threw Mr. Kahn into a paroxysm
of eloquence. He declared that the office
of Judge ought to he hedged about with
greater consideration than given to or.ii- #
nary ciuz-ns. He started on a spread-*
eagle fiigitt of verbiage that threatened to
mount into the domain cf a Fourth of
July oration.
But Jxi !go Daingertieid unfeelingly in
terrupted the gentleman's flight of ora
tory with a cold, 1-ga! suggestion that the
argument was taking a wide scope, and
Mr. Kahn's eagle was left Hopping in the
air.
Mr. Suortridee said he was willing to
submit to the judgment of the court and
the question was allowed:
Mr. Perkins thought a citizen ought to
- have right to criticise a Judge :»o long
as only the truth was told, and he was
"passed" by both sides of the contro
versy.
Frcm beginning to end Mr. Shortrid ge
showed that his battle in this case was for
the liberty of the press and mo right of
American free speech.
Talesmen Brennan and Sbeehan were
examined and excused.
At last the necessury. "twelve good men
and true" were selected and sworn to try
the case. Their names ore as follows:
Thomas G. Taylor, Adam Wagner, A. M.
Lawyer, K. Gambitz, D. Farquharsen, R.
K^yser. D. B. Collins, \Viliiani Deeney.
Willard Perkins, W. C. Kramer, Joseph
Simon, Henry Levy.
All parties concerned wore so well
pleased with the jury that they agreed to
have a recess until '1 o'ciock to take breath
for the coming conflict.
In the afternoon Mr. K-ihn made an
opening statement. He sail that the
State wou.d do no more than to prove the
charge that the article complain**! of had
been published. After that ttie defendant
would b - compelled to prove t!ie truth of
trie article and »l«o that it was published
lor good motives.
Clerk Dunber was called on to read the
indictment, w.iich h- did in good style.
Mr. B Ortrtdpe asked that all witnesses
in the case be excluded from the court
room, including the prosecuting witness,
• Judge J. C. B. Hebbard.
Mr. Hitikl- protested. He said that the
presence of Judge Hebbard was necessary
for carrying out the prosecution. He h..d
never before i card of anybody asking for
the exclusion of a complaining witness in
a case like this.
Quite likely that in the truth, admitted
Mr. Shortridge, as he did not know that
any one before had the temerity to asJc
that a Superior Court Judge be invited to
attend to his own buslines*, the business
for which he draws a salary, instead of
remaining in another courtroom where
there happens to be a trial going on In
which the people of California appear as
the party plaintiff. In addition to being
an intrusion the presence of Judge Ileb
oard here interrupts the orderly proceed
ings of another department of the court,
according to Mr. Shortridge's idea.
The coart refused to shut out .Judge
Hebbard and W. S. Dreypo.'cher was called
a-, the first witness for the prosecution.
H* testified that he knew Judt,e Hebbard
and Mr. Marriott. He identified a copy
of the News Letter conaining the article
complained of by Mr. Hebbard. He read
it for the first time on the 31«t of October,
189q. Against Mr. Miortriuge's objection
he testified that Judge £lebbar<: was at
that time a Judge of the Superior Court
and that Mr. Marriott was proprietor of
the News Letter.
On cross-examination Mr. Shortridge
drew out the lact that Mr. Dreypolcher
was an ardent supporter of Judge Heb
bard during the recent political campaign.
He handled considerable, money for Hie
Judge— about $250— placed a lot of ad
vertising for him. He admitted tnat he
did everything he could to advance Judge
Hdbbard's election.
"And so did several thousand other
citizens," interjected Mr. Hinkle.
To this Mr. Shortridge objected, saying
that he wanted to know whether there
was a desire of counsel on the other tide
to try to send the defendant to jail by the
beating of tom-toms. If Judge Hebbard
was chosen by so great a vot«j as the gen
tleman suggested, would not that go to
show that the article was not considered
in any li.rht other than that' ol ordinary
campaign literature?
Returning to the main question Mr.
S lor.ridge wanted to know if Mr. Dry
liolchcr had not been busying bimse:t
boot the present trial, attending all the
•e?sions of court, aiding Judge Hebbard
by his advice, and actively advancing his
interests.
"Yes, I have done my best for Jud c
Hebbard," said Mr.' Dreypolcher. "He is
my friend, and I have stood by htm." "
> Mr. Shortridze— And you are Mr. Marriott's
bitter enemy, are y< v not?
Mr. Dreypolcher— Not at aIL I'm his friend.
I have been friendly with Mr. Marriott.
Mr. si.ortridge— ls that your idea of friend
■ lip, trying to send a man to j*ilT
Mr - " r «yp'>lcher (somewhat dazed)— Well, I'm
mendly to air. Marriott.
At this there was a general wave of mer
riment throughout the room, though Mr.
Dreypolcher looked glnm, nnd a gloomy
scowl overshadowed Mr. Kahn's wide
brow.
At the conclusion of Mr. Dreypolcher's
testimony Judge Hebbard threw up his
hand impatiently and despondently, and
Mr. Kahn, taking the cue at once, an
nounced that no other witness would be
offored on behalf of tne prosecution.
Everybody seemed surprised that to weak
a case should be presented to a jury. It
seemed a poor showing to make after so
mucu preparation.
Judge Daingerfield grantad a continu
ance until 10 o'clock this morning, when
the case lor the dn endant will be offered
THE LATEST COMBINE.
Several Police Court Attorneys Form a
Protective Association to Secure
All the Business.
Several Police Court attorneys have
formed a combination to secure all the
business, and those left out in the cold are
raising their voices in angry protest.
Business has been slack for some months
and the struggle to earn a few dollars
among the attorneys has been hard. Ihe
piums. fell to a few favored ones, and it
was to put an end to this favoritism that
the combination has been formed; and it
is working well.
As early as 6 o'clock in the morning one
of the combination takes his stand at the
door of ihe City Prison, ready to gam ad
mittance and examine the register for
likely cases. He remains on duty for two
hours, when he is relieved by another
member of the combine, and so it goes on
every day.
The fees obtained by the combine are
pooled and apportioned pro rata.
HE IS A MONTE CRISTO.
Mrs, A. G. Phillips Will Pursue
Her Liege Lord in
A!:ica.
The Strange Stery of h Divorce That
Failed and of a Wiffi Who Sa/s
She Will Win.
Strange complications are iiSely to arise
at an early date over Judge Seawell's de
cision that A. G. Phillips of South Africa
is the legal husband of Eva Phillips of
San Francisco.
Armed with the legal documents that
declare the union binding, Mrs. Phillips
will soon depart for Africa, where she wi.l
seek to force her husband to support her
and his children in a manner becoming
his rank and station. Since he is worth
several millions and, so his wife says, had
been thinking of marrying another
wom:in, the step will cause him consider
able inconvenience and notoriety.
Phillips was a poor man when he mar
red at West Jordan, Utah, in September,
1875, :<nd his fortune was small when he
deserted bia wife and three children in j
Octob-r, 1892. But since that time he has
become a verllable Monte Cristo in the
gold fields cf Sontn Africa, where, begin
ning an a mining engineer, he worked his
way up to the presidency of several laree
comnnr.ies, oneot which hus headquarters
at Ch'-cngo.
Mrs. Pnillips thought she was Jeeally
divorced from the African miner, having j
succeeded i:i an action in this City on the j
ground of desertion some .wars aeo; but
when she discovered how wealthy her
former liece lord was she employed At
torney T. 0. Mogan to see whether there
was any legal way by which he could be
made to support bia children.
In looking into the case Mr. Mogan dis
covered that the decree was never legally
entered, and Judge Seawell set it aside
leaving the parties still legallymarried. ,
The defendant'? attorneys last week
•ailed in a mot:ou to set aside the find
ings, and Mrs. Phillips is now recognized
as duly married to the successful African
miner. As a result Mrs. Phillips will go
to Africa in a few weel;s and begin an
action for maintenance under the British
laws.
THE COGGINS ACCUSED.
Carrie C. Saiikejr Charges That They
Have Swindled Krr of Her
I'roperty.
Mi«s Carrie C. Sankey has preferred
serious accusations against her former
guardian, Charles S. Coggins, and his
wife, Mary E. Coggins. She charges them
witn conspiracy and fraud, and alleges
that they have by deceit, fraud, trick and
artifice possessed themselves of the entire
fortune that she inherited from her foster
lather, the late Samuel Bankey. toad
In relating her woes, Miss San Key,
through her attorneys, McGowan &
Sauires, has tiled a voluminous complaint
which presents a full history of the no 1
probate controversy which finally gave
her possession of the Sankey estate. This
case occupied the attention of the Su
preme Courts of California, Pennsylvania
and Illinois simultaneously for several
years, and the costs of litigation cut
deeply into the resources of the estate.
When all was settled, however, the young
woman found herself mi»tress of an es
tate said to be worth $100,000.
To-day she is penniless, and »be charges
th.it Mr. and Mrs. Coggins have swindled
her out of her property. She says she wj>s
ignorant of law, . was sick and feeble
minded; that they took advantage of her
condition and got possession of all her
property, since which time they have
turned her out of doors, friendless and in
poverty. She asks the court to compel
Mr. and Mrs. Coggins to disgorge their
ill-gotten gains and that all her property
be restored to her. ".., ? . ;; ...
MANHATTANS AKtl MAD.
They Say They Hnv« Been Falsely
Acrux-d of Fraud.
T. F. Killeen and J. Hilton of the Man
hattan Athleti-c Club are indignant over
accusations made against the ciub by an
afternoon iiaper Monday to the eff"»ct
that the ciub had "buncoed the unem
ployed" out of several hundred dollar?,
being the funds raised at Woodward's
I'aviiion on Sa;uroay night.
Speaking of the matter Monday Mr.
K:lieen said :
"Wo have been grossly libeled by this
Accusation, for our cinb stand" ready to
make good its guarantee of $200. The
newspnp'r that made the charges did
not wait until our club could take
action in a businesi way, but it sent a re
porter to see some of our members a few
hours after the event, and then, because
the money was not turned over at once,
come to a false and hasty conclusion.
'•The funds will be turned over just as
agreed, at 6:30 to-morrow evening."
To Fight Cigar-Jobbers.
The local Cigar-makers' Union is keeping up
its crusade against the tenemeiii-nouse
products of the Eastern cities , fiat are being
dumped upon the .-an Francisco market. The
obj>ct is to encourage the manufacture o:
cigars in this City. At the la t meeting of the
union a permanent committee was Appointed
to carry on the work of lighting the cigar
jobbers'. he committee consists of : I. Fi&ht-r,
J. Woll, A. Baly. Sum Solomon, Al Dale N
S. Blun. H. Warnecite, F. N. Belden, J. Ga.s
ner and Sol Cohen.- The committee will hold
a special meeting In lower Metropolitan Hall
on to-morrow evening. ~
Foreclosure of Mortgage.
John Shirley has sued William L. Doncnn,
Laura E. Duncan and J. J. Kauer for $578« 67,
due on a mortgage, and for $1051 16 interest,
and to foreclose a mortgage on property at ibe
north we- 1 corner of Jones aud Jackson streets
in this city.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
WED AMID SONG
AND EASTER BUDS
Nuptials of Miss Mattie S.
Whittier and W. B.
Weir.
Miss Helen Sutro and Samuel
Schwartz United by Dr.
Voors anger.
Full Choral Service at the Hayes-
Morris Wedding at the Church
of the Advent.
Elaborate and joyous as an Easter wed
ding should be was that of Miss Mattie S.
Whitlier, daughter of W. F. Whittier, and
William Boyd Weir of New York, cc e
brp.tect last evening at the residence of the
MRS. EDGAR WEIR, formerly Miss Mattie Whittier.
bride's fatder, W. F. Whittier, corner of
Jackson and Laguna streets.
Rev. Mr. Church of Irvings Institute, of
which school the bride is a graduate, spoke
the solemn words that made the happy
young couple ore.
No set form of decoration was adhered
to. There were flowers — choicest royes,
carnations, lilies and exotic? — even-where.
In the vast halls, giant jalnn made a
tasteful decoration. In the bijou drawing
room carnations were nsed. Koses graced
the Oriental room and i,i the dining-hail
Beauties of Glazenwood were used with
artistic effect.
In the lurge supper-room on the ground
floor were hune Colonial wreaths of white ;
roses. It was in the drawing-room, how- :
ever, that Miss Bates brought all her ta-te :
and ingenuity to bear. Here was erected
■ bower of white rose*. Bermuda lilies and j
snowballs, under which the young couple '
stood during the ceremony anil afterward \
to receive the congratulations of the many i
friends Assembled.
The bridal party came down the grand i
staircase and crowing the vast hflll en
tered the drawing-room, passing through
the aisle market! off by wnite satin rib
bons that had b'en stretched from the'
massive columns to the door.
First came the bridesmaids, Miss Har- |
W. B. WEIR, Whose Marriage Took Place Last Evening.
net Griswold, Miss Hattie Jackson and
Miss Jessie Weir of New York, sibter of
the groom.
Following them walked the maid of
ho:ior, Miss Lotiie Wood, a coti3in of the
bride, who in turn preceded t .c bride,
who entered leaning upon the arm of her
father.
Mr. Wier and his best man, George Dar.
forth of New York, met the bride at. the
improvised floral altar.
John Daniel and William F. Wood were
the ribbon-bearers.
The bride'fl gown was an exquisite dress
of cream white satin. A deep flounce of
old p int, caught here and there with
sprays of orange blossoms, finished off the
jupe. A bertha of the same lace orna
mented the corsage. Her bouquet was of
lilies of the valley. The regulation bridal
veil and orange blossom wreath com
pleted the elegant costume.
All the attendants of the bride were at
tired alike in palest pink net o*er pink
taffeta of a corresponding shade. The
Bkirts were accordeon-pieated and trimmed
with row« of mechlin insertion. Tii* cor
sages were made with short sleeves and
decollete.
Miss Tozer, aunt of the bride, wore an
elegant gown of lavender moire. The
jupe was made en train and the corsage
trimmed with point lace.
Mrs. H. E. Bothin, sister of the bride,
wore a pink silk gown. The jupe was
raaae en train and M>e corsage Completely
covered with Valenciennes lac •.
Tie feo-simile y«^ ,/**_. »— *» on every wrapper
■Mature of Uta&ZZ£tf<iZM of CASTOBIA.
Miss Eleanor Weir, sister of the groom,
wore a white figured silk of dainty Dres
den pattern, with cerise trimming.
The bridal presents were numerous and
exquisite.. Mr. Whittier presented his
daughter with a complete chest of silver
and a magnificent string of pearls.
Mr. and Mr». Weir will spend several
weeks in Southern California and then re
main for a short time in town before pro
ceeding to their future home in New York
City. |
Miss Helen Sutro, daughter of the late
Gnstave Sntro, and Samuel Schwartz, a
young merchant of the firm of Easion &
Schwartz, were quietiy married last even
ing at 5 o'clock nt the residence of the
bride's mother on Pine street. Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger of the Tempei Emanu-El per
formed the ceremony in the presence of
relatives and a few intimate friends of the
contracting parties. ' ' • . ..
Miss Olga Sutro, sister of the bride, WBS
maid of honor. There were no other attend
aiiis. The bride wore a gown of white satin
covered with mousseline and trimmed
with point lace. The maid of honor's
eown was of fine apple organdie over white
taffeta and trimmed with Valenceinnes.
Mr. and Mrs. Schwartz will go for a
three months' bridal tour to Costa Rica
and on their return make their homo with
Mrs. Sutro, the mother of. the bride.'
The 'first full choral service wedding
ever solemnized in this City took place at
the Church of the Advent, 'Eleventh . and
Market streets, last evening. The con
tracting parties were Joel AJvah Haves
and Miss Kathleen Maud Morri«, sister of
E. T. Morris of the Union Iron Works. '
Tne church was crowded to the doors.
At 8 o'clock promptly the bridal party
moved up the center aisle. First came
the choir of sixty boys, chanting in their
clear, young voices the "Bridal Chorus"
from "Lohengrin." Following the choir
came the maid of honor, Miss Lillian
Morris, s.ster of the bride. The bride en
tered leaning on the arm of her brother,
E. T. Morris. The groom, attended by his
hest man, Mr. Oliver, mot his bride at the
altar, where Rev. Dr. Emery spoke the
words that united them "for better, for
worse."
After the ceremony the choir once again
led the way, marching through the church,
past ihe vestibule and into the .-treat,
separating mid forming an aisle to the
bride's carriage. Aa the bride stepped
into the ourringe, each little chorus-boy
seized his boutonniere, and, flinging it at
the newly wedded wife, literally showered
her with flowers".
GET SHAVED EAELY.
Union Barbers Trying ti» Close the
Shops at 8 o'Ciork.
The Journeymen Barbers' Union has
renewed the 8 o'ciock cloiinc movement
on weekdays. Some time ago an attempt
was made to bring about a general practice
of closing the barber-shops at 8 o'clock on
weekday evenings, but it was not success
ful owing to the union having too many
iron? in the fire and trying to accomplish
too much nt once.
Whiie most of the better class shops put
up the blinds and loclc the uoors at the
hour stated, there are sUil not a f.-w
places where the barbers lather and scrape
until late at night, thereby causing the
operat.vea to lead a slave's life, with abso
lutely no recreation or rest.
Ine purpose of the union now is to de
vote its energies solely to the early-closing
movement, aud it has already met with
considerable encourag' merit.
At the meeting list evening a commit
tee, consisting of A. Lorentzon, I. Less,
W. J. Foster! G. H. Hurd and J. Bleily,
was appointed to agitate the movement
and to induce all the bosses possible to
fall into line. A general meeting in I hia
end will be held early in May at 102O'Far
rell street, San Francisco. It is hoped
that the movement will be fully realized
by August or September.
< Imil Imiirin-- lnso tfiicy,
Ex-Harbor Commissioner F. 5. Chadbourne
applied to be discharged from nil further pro
ceedings In insolvency. He avers that he has
complied with all the provisions of the Uw In
reear.l to such matiers. The petition will be
heard by Judge Slack on the 24th of next
month. :
• • m
Pneumatic boxing-gloves are ;an i im
provement over thi* old style, a-« they : Can
be made hard or soft by forcing air into
their backs through a valve in the wrist.
DOCTORS TALK
ABOUT DISEASES
A Wide Range of Topics
at Their Session
Yesterday.
Dr. Gardner on Insanity and Dr.
. Hirschfelder en Consump- ' i
-. , ■ tion
President Jordan and Professor Le
.... Ccnte Take. Part in the Ta'k
About Bact?ria
; The sessions of the medical society of
California yesterday were very interest
ing, particularly in the afternoon and
evening. The morning session was de
voted almost entirely to the discussion of
problems wholly technical, chiefly in the
Held of gynecdlbgy.
. Th« following was the programme for
the afternoon and evening, embracing,:
also, the committees in charge of the mat
ters discussed:
Committee on Clinical Medicine— John File,
Red Bluff (chairman), J. H. Utley, Los Angeles;
R. F. Rooney, Auburn ; J. E. Eastman, East
Berkeley ; George L. Cole, Los Angeles. "The
Diagnosis and Treatment of Typhoid Fever,"
by John Fife, Red Bluff. Discussion opened
by W. 8. Thome, San Francisco. "Syphilitic'
Disease of the Liver, with Report of Cases/
by George L. Cole; Los Angeles.
Committee on State Medicine and Hygiene
and Adulteration of Foods and Drugs— Thomas
D. Wood, Palo Alto, chairman; Frank H.
Payne, Berkeley; J. 11. Davtsson, Los Angeles;
M. M. Chlpman, tan Diego; \V. E. Wiard, Sac
ramento. "Popular Education ana Sanitary
Progress," by Thomas D. Wool, Palo Alt..;
discussion opened by 11. S. Oriiie, Los Angeles;
"The Importance .of Immunizati v with Anti
diphilicrilic Serum." by J. 11. Davisson, Los
Angeles; '•'! lie Adulteration of Food Prod
ucts," by Frank Howard Payne, Berkeley;
"Suggestions of Hygiene," by M. M. Chipman,
San 1/iego.
Committee on Medical Education and Medi
cal Legislation— William lerv Brig?s, Sacra
mento, chairman; K. H. P.ummer, San Fran
cisco; C. N. Elllnuood, San Francisco; G. L.
Simmoii9, Sacramento; George F. Shields, San
Francisco; W. F. Southard, San Francisco.
Report 01 the committee by William Ellery
Brings, Sacramento.
Committee on Medical Jurisprudence— A. M.
Gardner, Napa, chairman; 11. G. Brairierd. Los
Angeles; J. R. Curnow. San Jose; W. H. Mays,
San Francisco; C. B. Nichols, Sacramento. 'A
Review ol Article 111 of the New Lunacy Law,"
by A. M. Gardner, Napa. Discussion opened
by George Franklin Shields of San Franc
A practical demonstration of the Widal-Pfeif
fer typhoid serum test, by John C. Spencer,
San Francisco. The cure of tuberculosis with
oxytuberculine, with demonstrations on cul
tures, animals and patients, by Joseph O.
Hirschfelder, San Francisco. Bacteriological
discussion opened by Professor David Starr
Jordan, Stanford University. Professor Jos-,
LeConte aud Professor William E. Kilter, Uni
versity of California, participated in this
discussion. Clinical discussion opened by
William Watt Kerr.San Francisco. Discussion
was closed by L. C. Lane, San Francisco.
Dr. Gardner's discii>«ion was very in
teresting. He approved the new law
throwing safeguards about people accused
of insanity, and deprecated the fact that
many cases are sent to State institutions
without & proper narration of evidence in
the reports.
Dr. Woolsey of Oakland opened the dis
cussion with the statement that insanity
is increasing so rapidly that in a few
decades the insane will be so numerous
tliat the sane will have to build asylums
of refuge for safety. He. advocated sur
eicai treatment of the insane, to prevent
their increase.
A paper on the Adulteration of food
products was read by Frank Howard
Payne, M.D. It mainly referred to the
subject so far as td is State is concerned.
He dwelt at length upon the analyses
made by Professor Hilgard and his assist
ants at the University of California and
by Chemist Wenszell ' and Assistant
Chemist Gould for the Board of Health
of San Francisco. His earnest desire was
to have all medical man become interest
ed in and assist the authorities so far as
they were able to do so. .
It was shown by the report of the com
mittee' on statistics that about 100 new
doctors hay« been graduated and located
in California during the past year, while
forty-nine have left the State.
By a unanimous voic Fresno was se
lected as the place of the next meeting,
and tb3 following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, C. L. Bard
of Ventura; first resident, William
Watt Kerr; second vice-president, E.
H. Woolsey; secretary, William Fitch
Cheney; nssistants, C. C. Wads worth and
H. B. Ellis; treasurer, Thomas Ross;
board of examiners— Drs Wadsworth, Car
penter, Barbat, Dodge, Kelly, Woodward,
Hopkins, Williamson, .Hodijliead and
Hail.
Tne night session was given up almost
entirely to Dr. Joseph 0. Hirschfelder.who
read a paper on the treatment of tubercu
losis with his oxytubtMCuline. Th« paper
was exceedingly technical and was illus
trated with many examples of cultures,
animals and patients.
The paper was briefly discussed by Presi
dent Jordan of Stanford and by Professor
Joseph Le Conto of Berkeley.
Doctor Kilter and others pursued the
question -further, after which the session
adjonrned until to-day.
Kind Word* for Sonntag.
At a recent meeting of the Council of Asso
ciated Industries a committee was appointed
to draft proper resolutions relative to the
resignation of its president, Julian Bonntag.
The committee consisted of B. X. Rowley,
Duvid R'.oh anil L. F. Ixitreto. At a meeting
of these gentlemen n very complimentary re
NEW TO-DAY. •
OUR ~~
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Full of QUALITY.
Operating ioo stores.
That is why our
stronghold is
QUALITY.
Great AiericanlnprtiDj Tea Ca
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 'ayes St.
965 .Market St. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fill more st.
617 Kearny st. ■ 300 > Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. . 521 Montgomery aye.
3255 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. ■ 1510 Saventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMfcDA— Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market ■ St.. S. F.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. CHILLI t».H. ATTORNEY- A*
\j hmw and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo.
alt* P&Uc« Hot*:. T«lepbou« 57a Reatdeaot IBM
VaUatnet. TaUvboa* - Ho* " itWi. -. i
port and resolution was prepared and sent to
the new president, J. A. Filcber, for his ap
proval, which was given. The resolution
recites the rtgret of the association in losing
Mr. Soiinttg as president, and the zeal he has
displayed in the interests of free lator, home
manufactures and pure food. The resolution
was lonvarded to Mr. Sonntag.
TO RELIEVE THE SICK.
Entertainment and Ball Given by the
Members of the Young Ladles'
Institute.
The entertainment given last evening in
Odd Fellows' Hall under "the auspices of
the Young Ladies' Institute of this City
for the benefit of the iuna for the sick of
the order was a great success, both from
an artistic and a financial point of view.
There were about 2000 parsons present,
who were delighied'.by a most interesting
programme., ; .. . ;- - •"- :
Miss Sophie A. Grote, the grand presi
dent, delivered a brief address of welcome
after which the first of a series of tableaux
arranged under the direction of IA. Leon
Auradou was presented. It was "Eemi- 1
niscenses of Camp Montgomery,'.', being a
camp scene by members of Company A,
League of the Cross Cadet.-, winch was
heightened by the singing of "We're Tent
ing on the Old Camp Ground To-night."
A sens and dance by a pretty little miss.
Hazel Callaghnn, was followed by "The
School of the Vestal-"." There was a basso
solo, "Music,' Literature and Art," a vocal
solo by Miss Bertha Mellor, '.'The Nations
Paying Humane to Columbia," vocal selec
tions bypmembers of Company A, League
of the Cross Cadets, "The Repose of the
Muses," a vocal solo and the last of the
tableaux, "The Spirit of 76."
The several pictures were well arranged
and were greeted with many rounds of
applause, particularly the last one.
At the close of the. programme the hall
was cleared of chairs and as many as could
find room enjoyed themselves dancing.
. i^- ■ -• •- .;.■■:.
To Receive Judge Morrow.
A committee oi about forty young men in
connection with the Young Men's Christian
Association will receive Judge Morrow at the
association pariors. Mason and Ellis streets,
tnn evening at 8 o'clock and escort him to the
auditorium of the buildine, where he will de
liver his lecture on "The Federal Govern
ment."
The "Woman's Congress.
An enthusiastic meaning of the executive
board and the auxiliary committee of the
Woman's Congress took place at the Occi
dental Hotel last Monday, Mrs. John F. Swift
MIL! STRENGTH RESTORED!
The lack of manly energy and vigor Is the r '-"^
cause of nine-tenths of life's failures. This .<a^*S^" l^s|p9& L
want of energy is usually the result of early -' ■> jSfiSf '
indiscretions or excesses and dissipations of '"Jss7 ».
later years. Young men, if you suffer from &m% »
the distressing effects of nervous debility, b3BE» <^^^^ (£~&gL
brought on by youthfnl follies or excesses— if Tivlll -**$£ : '' \??^*s
you have an aversion to society, or feel that \v,fli / \ ■ \
you are unfit for marriage, do not delay in V/iii^- /"f^^^K "^
taking Dr. Sweany's system of treatment that m^!iffl^So^~^^mJJ^-
wfll rejuvenate you and restore that healthy, ■v^ifc/fywffl I^^^^
buoyant, vigorous, energetic condition with- $i" f/-^MMx^^^^^^^^&
out which life becomes a burden. MiJdie- J&^^^M-^m&iftkr^ '-^^^r 1 *
aged men, if you feel broken down, if your '^^in^v^i^^S^w^^-^^K^^&rsiSji^L
health is giving away, Dr. Sweany can restore DOCTOR S WEAN V, '
to you the bloom of youth, restore your lost Whose Keputation' Is Established by
health and manly vigor. a^^^^e^Sa'n^raV^
\ Nervous Debility ! Failing Manhood ffl f c ?ae»SS n *S5
organic strength, energy and hope. .Have you I meet.: ' Have you' any of the following svmp-
any the foliowiiii: * > ' mptoms : -•• ■-> -.-■*■■ - i toms, which indicate premature weakness:
Do you ieel weak? I>o yottget diZZy?
Have you cold feet? ' Are yo^'easily dazed?
Have you bacKacbe? Are you easily dazed?
Do you shun society? • . ■ ■. .;;. Do your hands tremble?
Are yon losing flesh? . Are you easily excited?
Do you s.eep poorly? Does your heart nutter?
Are you low-spirited? Are you easily irritated?
Are your eyes sunken? v f - ,Is your temper irritable?
Do you have hot flashes? Are you easily frightened?
Is your memory impaired? ■ Is your si unrefreshinv? •"
Have you no manly vigor? . Do you suffer with neuralgia? - ■»
Have you no vital energy? Do you have evil dreams?
Do yon have sick headache? Do you forget what you read ?
Is there nausea after eating? Do you have creeping feelings?
Do your hands or feet sweat? Is there a twitching of the muscles?
Do you have ringing in your ears? Do your legs and arms go to sleep?
Has the brightness left your eyes ? Is there a rush of blood to the head?
Do you leel mat you are unfit to marry? j Do you have a languid, tirei feeliug?
BlOOd PoiSOn ma . 11 . its worst forms and stages primary, secondary and tertiary,
, " , , " positively cured for life. .Sores in the mouth, Sore 1 hroat
Copper-chorea Spots, Pimples, Falling Hair. Rheumatism. Ulcers or painful lines
on any part of the body, the result* of Blood Poison, are lorever eliminated from the sys-
tem wlin sufe remedies. Cures guaranteed. Remember that this one horrible disease, if
neglected or improperly treated, curses the present and coming generations.
Weak Racks ?5 ettnunraistakable sign of diseased kidaeys. Does your back ache?
♦tT ~ *-'" wlxo Do yon have sediment or br ck-dust deposits? Have you weakness of
the organs partial or total impotency? It you nave any. of tiiese symptoms you have
diseased kidneys. To neglect these troub'es means to you Diabetes or" Bright's Disease
and a premature grave. DOCTOR SWEANY invariably cures these diseases.
Varicocele, gi r ylf' Piles> Fistula . w eak Organs, swelling and tenderness of the organs
v anc JwCic, and jr iantis treated with uniailing success. B *
Rupture method, sure cure, painless treatment ; no detention from work, no expert
meat, no truss. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
Ladies will receive careful and special treatment for all their many ailments.
Write if niVri iy f 1 r ° m the C n-^' as D 9 07011 SWEANY has a system of home treatment that is
«!, »n ?h f^ a n« 2£? Vh Iho1 h0 £ Sands * re - cured at home. Book. "Guide to Health," a treatise
on all the organs and their diseases, iree on application. Strictest confidence observed.
Odl ior Rvj'irc;-^ « -« - :t ' .
F. L. SWEANY, M.D., 737 MARKET STREET, S. F.
HOTEL MAJESTIC,
CENTRAL PARK WEST, 72d AND 71st STS., NEW YORK,
FACING CENTRAL PARK. .
THE ELITE HOTEL OF AMERICA.
CONDUCTED ON AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
One or the Largest and Finest in the World ; 600 Rooms, with 245 Bathrooms.
Absolutely Fire- proof. 31. .gt Luxurious. Appointed.- Cuisine of. tliH, Highest
Order. An Ideal Res >rt for Families, Transients and Tourists. Select Orchestral
Music Every Kveninjr. Spacious Foyer and Promenade Halls, l>r>i\viu-: and Music
Rooms- . ICxcelleut Appointment* for Private Dinners, Banquets, Dances and Re-
ceptions. I owl'iig Alleys and Shuffle > oards for Private Parties- .
References Required of Parties not Personally own to th« Management.
: "While this Hotel is Organized and Conducted on Grandest Settle Possible,
Prices are >\ept Moderate. Excellent Home during thy Hummer. for Gentlemen
whose Families are at .Distant Points in the Country or Abroad.
: P. S.— Parties Visiting New York are Cordially Invited to Inspect this Magnifi-
cent Hotel, which will be found one of the Greatest Attractions of the City
Within Twenty Minutes' Reach or the Business and Theater Districts. During the
Summer Season the beautiful Private Ru«tic and' Palm Gardens, situated 300
eet above sea level, are open to Guests only. -- » '■;=.*■* A. F. MUELLER.
presiding. The various committees reported
everything in readiness f.T the opening of the
congress at 10:30 a. m. Monday, April 26, at
the Kirsi Congregational Cnurcb, corner Post
R!*d Mason streets. It was reported that Mrs.
Helen H. Gardner of the Boston Arena would
arrive in this City in time to be present during
the congress. An invitation lias been ex
tended to Dr. Beecfter (a cousin of Henry
\S'ard Bcecher), now vi«iti:ig in Sau Francisco,
to be present and iond his valuable aid.
Tne congress will be inaugurated on Mon
day mornini; next with a<ldr.;sbes by its presi
dent, Mrs. John F. Swift, Mayor Phelan, Presi
dent J irrlan and o'hers.
NEW TO-DAY.
NO V^/
MORE life:
DREAD «ir
OF
THE DENTAL CHAIR
TPrTII Extracted Without Pain. "
I L jL I LI Hilled Without Pain.
9 ff 111 Crowned Without Pain.
i I im faa I II Bridge Work Without Pain.
v. •• . ■ 1 :■''•'. X
These are the onlr dental i arlors In fan Frnn-
| Cisco thai have the pa. en: xpplian es and ingr -
i dlents to tract, fill or apply gold ciowns and
porcelain crowns nndetectaole.from natural teeth,
and warranted for ten year* without the least par-
i ice of pain. We are not conipntiu^ wltn cheap
dental establishments, bat with first-class dentists
at pr.ces less than half those charged by them.
For the purpose of at. once using into
prominence, un;ll May 20 we will make
FULL BKT :OF TKETHfor.... 55.01
GUIDCROW.NS, 22*... 00
Bi:iDGE WOKK, per Tooth 40»
SII.V Kil FILLING.. 25.- up
GOID FiLLI.Vi; _ 750 up
CLEANING TErTH 60:
By leaving order tor Teeth in the morning you
! can gt-t t.'iem tue muni' day.
! No charge for Extracting Teeth when plates are
j ordered.
Work done as well at night as by day-
; light l>.v the modern cluiuricai devices
| used here.
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-
DENTAL PARLORS,
997 Market St.
Three Skilled Operators. *La ly Attendants.
O. rman and trench spoken. Open Kvenimsti.l
8; sun. lays B til 12. All surgical work done br
O. W. Williamson, ALD.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SIMMAKV OF THE MAltKlifs.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat Futures unsettled.
Oth-r Cereais unchanged.
Hay crop neeJs rain.
Jeans ai d Seeds dull.
Heavy receipts of Green Teas.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Batter, Cueese aud tg.s unchanged.
'1 wo cars Kastern Poultry in.
b! raw berries continue to decline.
Lemons very dull.
Provisions unchanged.
TEKASIIIE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of #160,827,
coasistiocol 515.9:'8m Mexii-an Dollars, $6fb in
l>old Coin and $1i4,144 In Mlver Bullion.
Explanatton<
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnios;
at station indicate maximum temperature for tho
days: those underneath it. If any. lh<> amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredthsj
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid;
lines, connect poms of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. he
word "hizh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to" low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually hret appear on the Washington
coast. Wh'-n the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and tho isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
bat when the "low- is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south 01 Oregon is improb
able. With a "hi£h" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
U BATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aorictl/-
TIKK. Weather Bureau, SAN Francisco,
April 21, 1897, 3 p. M.— The following are the rain
faUn for the pau 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls
to dale, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
l-.ureka, past 24 hours .06, this ses>°on 49 10,
last season 42.69: Bed Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
tnis season 24.03, last season 17.65: San Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .03, this season 22.61, last
season 17.60: Fresno, past 24 hours. 00. this sea
sou 10.53. last season 5.99: Sun Luis Obis po. past
24 boon .00. this season '.0.71, las- s«ason 16.06;
Los Angeles past. 24 hours 01)., this sea«on 16.74,
last season 8.88: San JJieut., past 24 hours 00,
this sen, nil 11 63, last season 5.80: Ynma. pan
24 hoars .0 '. tins sensou 5.35. last season .88.
i~an Francisco >;a. a: Maximum temperature
61. minimum 46, mean 54.
Weather condition < and general forecast :
The pressure is highest ilr.s evening along the
Northern California and Oregon coast, aud lowest
in Anzana and in the rt-pi^n ci st of the Kocky
Mountains. Generally fair weather • prevails
throughout Cat fornia, with a slowly rising teni
peraiurf. Conditions are favorub.e for a moderate
norther Ihnrslay.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 50 hours
endiMß at midnight, April 22, J897:
Nr.rthern talilornia— Fair, warmer Thursday;
brisk, northerly wind.
Son hern California — Fair Thursday; brisk,
northerly to westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Thursday.
• *tah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair i hursday.
San Francisco an-J vicinty: Fair, warmer Thurs
day; brisk, northwest wind.
W. U. llamkon", Forecast Official.
XtW lUKR MARKETS.
SEW YORK, N. V., April 21.— Prices were
higher at the opening of the Stock Exchange on
reflection from Loid^n. lot manorial shares
showed a gain. The market held the opening ad
vance except in a few Instances. Sugar gave evi
dence ef pood baying and gained a point. Gains
were shown generally throughout me list at 11
o'clock.
Business fell off to some extent, but the market
he d firm, and the general list continued to ad
vance v mil r.ear noon, when a brea-v of one point
occurred In Chicago Gas, which led to profit- taking
and an eas er one in the enure list.
There was no improvement in the volume of
legitimate business, an: even speculative opera
tions were upon a s nailer scalo than yesterday.
The bond market, though strong, was lifeless. Tne
majority of shocks closed strong at the day's high
est, prices.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
Opening. Closing.
American Sugar $1,200 $113 25
American Sugar Pfd
American Tooacco 69 75 70 25
American Spirit, M'.g Co 11 Oil 1137:U
Atchison 1025 10*5
Bay Mate Gas 8 60
Canadian Parirlc 4t< Ou
Central Pacific 7 25
Chlca2o;<;as. 81 87y a 8175
C. B. <fc « 7.75 72 121*
Con. Gas 16.30
1 orda^e — — ——
Cordage Pfd — —
Denver <& Rio Grande Pfd. Hi B2IA
Delaware <£. Lackawana.... - — — i? 15100
trie
General Klectric 31 26 — —
Hocking Va ley — — —
Jprsev 1 entral 78 25 80 25
Kansas <fc Texas. Pfd 27 00
Lake Shore... 164 00
Louisville <& Nainviile 43 50 43 87V%
Jlannatian Con 84 50
Missouri Pacific 16 50 '
National Li-ad 2*60 22 hi) s
New Haven 170 00
New York & .New England.
New YorK central 99 OU 69 00
North Pacific 12 00
North Pacific, Fid 34 75
Niir.hwestern 103 5U 10*25
North American
Oregon .Navigation . —':.'.'" 10 01)
Oregon Navigation, Pid.... — : 40 00
Pacific Mai. 26 AT*/* -i& lai/i
Pullman m
Quicksilver (Con Kxcbnge). 100 00
Rock Island 6* 37i/ a • 2 62V,
Heading: : lß37Vfr la VJ.-L
--sou:h^rn Pacific 14 25
81. Paul 7150 7200
Texas Pacific
Tennessee Coti & Iron 21 50 21 621 A
11 lon Pacific ™
U. -. leather 6 r>o
I. S. Leather, Pfd 6160 C 0 871 A
Western Uriiou...; 80 U-'»A 80 25
Wabash, Pfd
Fsrsilver $ 0i 13-16
ten ing on London, 60 days 4 87 y-
HterliDtf on London, sight 4 89
V. & l's, registered 98 50
r. S.-4's, new........; 123 26
I", H. 4's, new, coupon I*4 3714
V. s. 4's 11l 50^
11. S. 4's.couu 112 7ft
XT. »•'•'» .„ ;..,. 113 25
I . S. s'>, coupon 114 00
WHEAT- 10:80 '11:00 12:00 1:00 210
} l »y hi 1 /* 81^8 bl% M*B hOYs
Jul ■ 80 «-oi/4 St.iVg 80»; 4 79
beptember 7«*V* 77% 7ti/ 8 77^8 76»/«
bp.t. u»a< pr and in better demand : f.o. b. afloat.
No. 1 Northern spr.nz, New York, 85Vac; 1
Northern spring, Dulutb. 861 AC: No. 3 hard
winter. feOVic; No. 2 nurd winter. 82V%c.
Future c osing: April, SI T/gc; Ma.. hoy-c; uly,
78c; Septemntr, 7t3/ 8 c; December. 7M 4c.
, ' FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorTT st, Tel. Main 1954.
c-kntbai. OFFICK
62is Market St., Palace Hotel. fti Purly A Aikinaon.
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Qrlll '
ltoom). Tel Main UBl. <f
PUROY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, .Manager*. '
Orders instantly executed on . latest market 00*
utlona. Reierence Ist National Hank. a. r
CBXCAOU ]riUVAT£ WIK& X*W YOU.
FLOUR— Spring bols. No. 2 extra. *3 20@3 50
No. 1 extra. $3 40693 80; straights, $3 90<f1)4 10
patents. $4 :i(>@4 56.
UKAIX FREIUUTS-New York to Liverpool,
by train, - V«'l-
Produce.
PROVISIONS-Lard, Prime, *4 40.
FORK-Dutl and easy. Mess. $8 75®9 25.
TALI.OW-Quoied at 3 3-1 Be.
SUGAR— Cu m, cemrilugal. 31/4 C
HlDE>s— lbl^c
Dried Fruits.
There is a good couu ry demand and local trade
Is aciive. The possibilities of tne Grieco-Turktsu
war created a demand for currant* acd caused
prices to advance slightly.
HAl>l.n fc>— California, 50-lb boxes, 2 3 /4 c: crown,
4<S>s*/ic: seeded, 7^4@->i/aC: seedless muscatels,
sVi®-'%c.
CUKKaNTs— Are qnoted at 4V4@4Vi" in bar
rels and 4V4@43.t.c In cases; c.eaued bulK, s%@tSc;
canons, tiiai.'Vjc.
ri:i" i .i.iiornia. boxes, B@lsc: bags, 8®
lie.
PK.»CHKS_CalIfornIa, 25- Ib boxes, 4@7Mjc; 50
--1b boxes. :<%@7c.
APKICOI --California, boxes, B@l6c; bass, 8
®llc.
DaTEs— Persian, 60-tb boxes, 2%@4Vie: fard,
bores, 43,4@6c; Cases, 6Vz(<£tic.
Kins- i aucy ordinary, 12@18c; fancy washed,
21@24c.
CITRON -Fancy, boxes, n@l2V 2 c.
ALMONDS— Shelled. ltSgft'.9c.
WALN UTS-California standard, 6%c; soft
shell, Be. .: '",..-;
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 21.— Tne wheat market
was higher, but fluctuating. Livestock: receipts
were larger than expected and the market, was
weat at a 6c decline. Provisions were fairly active,
with some -'long" liquidation, and prices were
lower tor lard and pork— ribs steady.
WHEAT— 9:30 .0:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
Mar 743/, 7.1,8 75S /4 . 75% 74%
July 76 74S, 8 75V* 75y 8 743/,
September 72% ; 72Vs 72»/» 725/, 71%
12:00 12: 0 1:00 1:15
Aorfl.. 73V 8
M»y 75% 75% 751/4 73^,
July 748/4 7«<y 8 74s /4 731/4
September 71V 8 7lv 8 72 7U%
BAULEY-24%@32c. ■ X : -
CORN— April. ? 4@245/,c: May, 24Vi@243' gC .
OATS- April, 18»/*c; May, 17y B @l7i,ic.
KY — 38c.
FLAX-7C%c.
TIMOTHY— »2 70.
Produce.
PORK-May, $8 40®8 45.
LAUD— Mar. *1 20@4 Vs.
RIBS-May, $1 75 an.i $4 67@4 70.
EGGS- Western, 8@8»4o Receipts 7000 cases.
Livestock.
HCOS-L!e?it, 93 90(24 15: mix»d.s3 05(34 12%
--heavy, $3 ts@4 15: rough. *3 66@3 80. Receipts '
28,000; }>ncuers bought 22,6 0 shippers 4000
Estimated receipts to-morrow 25.000.
CATTLE— Breves, $3 T.'>@s 35: cows and heif
ers, *2 00@4 i\); Texas steers $3 40&4 40: stock
ers and feeders. $3 40@4 45. Receipts 13 000
SHEEP— Native slirep, $3@3 ; Westerns, $3 60
@4 90: lambi, $3 75@5 90. Market steady. Re
ceipts 16,000.
IOKEIuS MARKETS.
■London.
LONDON, Eso., April 21.— Consols, 111%: sil
ver, 283/,; French rentes, 102f 27c; bullion into
Bank of England, £13,000.
Liverpool.
WHEAT — Firm. No. 1 standard California
wheat, 31s 6d ; Cargoes Walla Walla wheat. 80s;
cargoes off coast, firm little doing: cargoes on pas
sage, rather firmer: English country murkets, par
tially 28 dearer; French country markets, firm:
Liverpool wheat. No. 1 California*. 6s 4%d; wheat
in Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet.
-Uplands, 4 3-32 d.
FUTURES.
I he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May
6s Si/id; July. 6a 3d; September, 6s 21,40.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 878,5
Sterling 1- xrhauge, sight — 4 83V*
bterling Cables- — 4881.
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New V one Excbanse t telegraphic. — 10
Fine silver, per ounce. — 6116-16
j Mexican .Dollars 49% 60
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHKAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— tires opened at a abaro advance,
but feil back again In sympathy with correspond
ing fluctuations at Chicago. 'Die spot market was
undisturbed and neglected, as the shipper* are not
buying at present. Quoted a- $1 1?^4'»1 22* A 9
ctl lor common trades, $1 <is«l *7y« lor average
No. 1. si 30 ior choice and $1 35r«fcl 4.!y 3 "»* «l
for extra choice mil, ing; Honor*, $1 30tjH 36 for
No. 1 and $1 40 for mil. inc. ■
'-*!•'■•-■*. •". (ALL liIIAKU BALF.3.
Informal sk^siox— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4010 c is. *1 18V 4 ; 4000. SI I8V2: -000 SI 1*3.
--6010, $1 1M5 8 ; etOO. *1J8%: 18,000. $1 18i 8 :
30.0u0, $1 iy; 0,000, 91 IS>1 8 ; 2000. »l 19^;
6000, *1 18*,; l-'.OOO, $1 181..
s?ecoxi> KHBIOK — December — 2000 ctls.
$1 lilVa; so.oio, 91 I 9s /i; :0,000. 91 193,4.
KEGfi.AB Morning Session — December —
34,000 cub, $. JBy : " 24.UU0. $1 lfcSi: 2000,
$1 i>-" : 2-i.oi)o. 185g. May — .000. $ . 2«$«:
4000, *1 24^; 8000, *1 26: 2000, $1 26Vi;2000,
$1 2bVj. -<..>..;. y""-'i >*..*.■
Afternoon Skssiox— December— 2o.ooo ctK
$1 18%: iCOO. $1 lfcS/«: 4000, «1 18V»: 22,000,
*1 lby g; -J4.00U, «1 lsSi.
BA> LKY— ■ Prevouspr ces rule, with a doll mar
ket. Feea, 65(6,71 14C; Brewing remains nominal.
CALX BOARD SALES.
Informal session'— o:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second >esbiox— No sa
r.Kuri.Ai! MoßKnra Session— December— 2000
c:ls, 69i/ 3 c; 20 00. «ys»: 2000, 70c.
■ A fteenoon- !-bsbion — December — 2000 ctls.
703, 8 c:.
OATrt-Mii:mft are quotable at $1 15@1 20
V ctl: Fancy Feed. $1 25@l 30 «* cti; common
White, $1&1 10: rood to choice. $1 l^Ljrai 22JA:
Black lor feed. 95cffl,*l 05: Gray, *1 io<g,l 171,4:
surDrlse, *1 85@1 40 $ ctl. Clipped Oats sell $i(ja
2 per ton over me raw product.
COR.n— So further ihang». Large Yellow, 85(3
90c V* ctl; Small ltound do, 97%0; White, 80@85c
KYt-77i/2@82V 3 c* ctl.
BUCKWhtAT- Quoted at «1 16©1 25 ? ctl.
FLOUR AND 3IILLSTLFFS.
FLOUR— Net ash pricoi are: Family extras,
•4 75@4 85: Bakers' extras, $4 50@4 65; Super
tine. $*@4 35 * bbl. v
COKNaihAL. ETC.— Feed Corn. $17 60@!8:
Cracked Corn, $18(S>19 ? ton.
MlLL&TUFFs— Prices in Racks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Oraharn Flour, $2 85
%* 100 lbs: i.ye Flour. $2 50 ft 100; Kice Flour,
t ' 75; Cornmeal, VZat/Z *6: extra cream do. 12 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat (iroats, »4: Hominy, $3 iO<<4
3 BO; Buckwheat Flour. »3 25@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, *4; vviioie Wheat Flour,
SX: Rolled cats (bbl ;. f4 76@5 16; Peart Barley,
*3 75a-i; Split Peas, S.i 50. Uraen do, $4 *5 %i 100
lbs.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS.
The Ear crop needs rain, as the staple Is very
short this year.
BKAN— SIS®I3 50 for the best and $125312 60
V ton tor out ide brands.
MIDDLINGS — $17@18 for lower trades and
$18 Mi® 1 9 ■?. ton for the best.
KKUSTUFF.-. — Holle 1 Barley. *16@15 60
'llcaie Meal at the mill, $26 60 ~& ton; jobbing
#27 50.
HAY— Wheat, $8010 50; Wheat and Oat, «7«
10; Oat, $6@B 50: Barley, $6 50@8; Alfalfa, #0
@7 50: compressed, $6@9 60; stock, $0aO; Clo
ver, 9608 «i ton. ,
HTKAW— 2S*SOc V bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANB— Bayos quoted at $1 76@1 95; Small
Whites, $lf*l 20 per ctl: Large Wnltes, $I@l 20
9 cli: Pinks. SI 05*1 20; Reds $1 10@l 20:
Blackeye, f 1 5001 76; Bed Kidney, $2@2 SO: LI
! niiis. 91 60@l bO: Butters. $1 25@1 50: Pea, 91 10
@1 25.
>KKD3— Brown Mustard, *2 60(32 75; Yellow
Mustard, 91 50 V- ctl; Flax. SI 50 f* ctl: Canary
bctd, ls.i®^Vic V 1b: Alfalfa, 6V4C; Rape, 2V<«@
-3 4 <-; Hemp, rfc; 1 Imoth.v. 4J/2C
DKIEi. I'Ka.s— Mies, «l@i 20 9 cil; Green,
$1 25@1 40 ■» ctL •
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Peas were th« heavies: ever known
in one day aid the market was lower in conse
quence. Rhubarb also declined. Other descrip
tions unchanged. ■
TAii KSS — New Potatoes, l@is.ic ■$. n>:
Sweet Po-.atoes, $j@l 75 ? ctl: Karly lose, 65®
70c P c:l; River Keds, 70@76c; Burbank- Seed
lings. 6oatOc ■$ ctt for Rivers and 60©80 c for
Peii.umiw; Oregon Burbanks. 65c@$l.
. ONIONS-Or-conf. s;< * 6 « 3 M) > ctl. Cut On
ions. $1 25(41 75 a. k. N.-vada*. t:i v.b®6 50.
Australian Onions jobbing at *6@5 60 ctl.
VEoKTABLKti-RecelDts were 958 boxes As
paragus. 655 box** Rhubarb a- d 1452 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers are quotable at 50c@$l *
dozen; Aspa.a^us, 75. @$1 «5 » box for common,
i\. 2 I 0 1" C , h^ ir « Rnd $1 7B< * a * bo * for <ancv:
Hhubarb, '-;t>@?>Oc or orlmary and 6«i(»76c for
choke larce: Marrowfat fqn ash. 9fc(g,, •>. ton-
Dtl»d Peppers, 6#Bc %( ft,; (ir^en Peas76O@7sc *
sack; I.o» Angeles string Beans • 10c » Tb-
Dried Okra, Brs9<- * It.; Cabbage, 75®85c -^ctl ;
Carrots, 25@30c * sack: Garlic, l%®2c * Ib.
BUTTKK, CHEIJSE AND 1 GGB.
The market is steady and unchanged.
Cbeamerv— Fancy creameries. 13@13Vic: sec
onds, 1201 2 1-2 c ?i lb.
Daihy— Choice to fancy. ll@l2c V tb; lower
gradi-s, B@l c. .
Pickled— l 3y 2 ®l 4c t>. Ib for new.
Fikkiv— * ft. lor new.
Crkamkry New. , 14c ft tb.
CHKK«E— choice mild new, bVz<(S7c ?» Ib: com
mon to good, 6iA(26c: * Cream Cheddar, 10@Uc:
Younc America, 7@Bc; W'eatera, lie: Eastern. 13
©15c t* Hi ..-,..
3 I'.tiuS- No cban re whatever. *Hanrh Kgi^, 1 1 U.
012 c; store Eggs, 10@llc V- doz: Duck Eggs, 14c,
POI'LTRY AND OAMK.
ro OLTRY -Two can Eastern sold at 19c for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
Turkeys, $;> 50 for Ducks. $1 50 for Gees', f 5 600
« for 11.11 98 for joung Roosters and 4 &0&3
for T ryers
Local stock was about the came.
Live Turkey*. 14@15c for Gobblers, 14@15c for
liens: Gcin« pair, Cl 60; Gosllnes, f£(s'l 60:
Ducks, 4@5 £0 for Old and $6/6*7 50 for young;
Hens. *4(fts; Roosters, young. $7(<SB; do, old. fl(ca
4 a.i; rivers, *5 60«i6: l.roiler*. S4 50@5 60
for large and «2 50(a,4 for small;. Pigeons, 91 76©
2 25 V doz for young and $1 50 for old.
GAME— Hare, nominal; Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
A decline in Strawberries was the only change.
Lemons are quo ed very doll.'
Receipts of Strawberries were 13' chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. 3b@soc 9 drawer for large and
6»Wz. *.-,,• for small.
apples. ill'i ¥ box.
CITKLS FKL' ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at S2@)3 60 » box; Seedlings, $I@l 50 * box:
Mediterranean Sweets. 91 •_'. (a) 1 oO> box Lem
, ons, 75c@$l 25 tor common and $1 50@VJ 25 '
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, *s(iti p box:
California Limes. 75c@$l V bx : Bananas, $1(3,2 %*
bunch; Pineapples, *2*4 V doz.
DRIED FKUIIS, I \I>INS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotation* are as follows:
Peaches. 4i£Bft>>%c "£ Ib; fancy, 6c V* tb: peeled,
7fdllc; Apricots, 6&Hc; Moorparka, 10@12c;
evaporated Appes, 6@sy a c; sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes. 2i /^@-^%c for Hie 4 sizes: while *'lgs, 3c;
Plums, 4(<S4 Va« iw 1 (tied and lgtl i/ 2 c for imp
led: Nectarines HV a <$b V3CV Ib for piime tofaucy:
J'ears, 2^(j^4c for wuole, s (eLZni for quarters -ad
S@Jc for halves.
KAISINS— . ':. .
Four-crown, loose. 6«ic: S-crown. 414 c: 2-crown.
'•'**'' V Ib: seed. ess aullanas, &@sV^c: seedless
Muscatels. 4i/ 2 c; 3-crowa London layers, *I@l 26:
clusters, *1 6u; Dehesa clusters, Sz 60; lu.perial
clusters, 92 60: dried crapes out.
N UTS- Chestnuts quotable al 8®10c; Walnn's.
6J/ 2 @7c 9 Ib for standard and 9©9y 3 c ft Ib for
BOftsnell: Almonds, OlStji-jc for Lauguedoc, 30
3 V 2 c for hardshell mid B@9c '¥ ft. for papers ;
Peanuts, 4(ai6c •$, to for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, ?<a6c * Ib; Pecans, 7 V 3 a
He $ Ib: Filberts. 7^@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7i /2 ©»c:
CcHoanuts. $5(35 50 V 100.
HONEY— Comb. 1u@12% for brlrht and s®9c
lor lower grades; water-white extracted, 6@SV2C:
light amber extracted, 4V'o@4»ic; dark amber,
46141/2^; dark, 2@3c * Ib. ' "
BEESWAX-22@25c ?! lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon. 7VjC V Ib forheavy. «c
v lb for light medium, »c tor llzht. 10c * Ib
for extra light and 12c '■& Ib for sugar cured. - East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12i^c f< Ib: - California
Hams, lie '»* Ib: Mass Benf, 99 ft bbl: extra
mess do. 99 50: family do, •*! "<vlo 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 50: extra clear, $14 & bbl; mess,
912 t« bbl; Smoked Beet, 10c V tb.
LARD— Eastern tierces are quoted at 6 5 4 c for
compound . and tiy 3 c tor pure; palls. 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4V""c for compound and Mac for
pure; hall-obls, 6i 3 c: 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-!b 7Vi&
COTTOLENK— be in tierces and 7^i©BV«c in
10-lb tins. ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell 1c 1
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c: me- 1
dium, 7c ?t Ib: light, 6Vb@"c: Cowhide.). 6y 3 @7c: I
Stags. 6c: salted Kip. BMIC 9 fb: salted Calf, Viplßc:
salted Veal 6@7c; dry Hides. l'Ji/i&lUt; culls and
urands. 9V<i@loc y. to: dry Kip and Veal. 9@lUc;
dry Calf, j sc; mil*. lOr; Goatskins, 206A3SC each;
Kius, be; Deerskins, sood summer. 25c it &>;
medium, 20c: . winter, 10c; (-heepskinit, shear
lings, 10@*20c each: short wool, 2-'>@4oc each;
medium. 4U(gM)c each; long wool*, 60(ai7&c eacn;
TALLOW— 1, rendered, 2» / 4@3c '■» lb; No. 2,
2Vsc; refined, sc: Grease, 2c ft Ib.
WOOL— Spring clip is quoted as follows: Moun
tain, ll@l4o ft Ri: Foothill, 10'<ir.'' 2 c: San Joa
quln, year's clip, 7@loc; do, seven months, Hccllc
'0 Ib: Newdas, 10@14c; Eastern Oregon. 7^lo'.
HOPS— 6@t>c ior fair to choice and 9(sloc r I'j
for fancy.
GENERAL MI-.KCH ANDISK.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 5s 4 c; June-
July delivery, 6'ic; San .Qucntln, 96 40; Wool
Bags. '.'4@.27c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 9 ton:
New Wellington, $8 per ton: s-outhneld Welling
ton. $7 50 ft ton: beattle, 96 50 V 10:1: Bryant.
$5 50; Coos nay, 94 75 ft ton: Wallsend, (7
V ton: Cumberland. 913 60 % ton In bulk and 915
In sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $11 (ail 2 %*
ton; Welsh Anthracite, 98($10: Caiinei, 98 V ton:
t ock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
97 bO: Coke, si lie 12 in bulk and $13 V ton in ska.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retlnlnc Company
quotes, terms net cash: 1 übe and Crushed and Fine
crushed, Be: Powdered, f>Va c ; Dry Granulated,
4y 8 c; Confectioners' A, 47/gc: Magnolia A, 4VaC;
Extra C, 43/ 8 c: Golden V, 4i-4r: Candy Granulated,
be; bait barrels V4 C more man barrels, and ooxm
y a c more.
SAN FRANCISCO 3IEAT MARKET,
Wholesale rates for droised stock, from slaugh
terers are as follows: BmQ
BEEF— First quality, 6c; second do, sa6V»c;
third do, 4®4i 2 * tb.
VEAL— Large. s£6c: small, 6^7 c ~$ Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 51 a «»C; Ewes, 5c » Ib.
LAMB-Sprlng, 6V^@7y a c t* lb.
PORK— Live Hoys, 3V*c for large and 3*^®
4c for small and medium; soft Hogs, - : >4'&3i-:
dressed do, s@6Via iv.^T
BECEIPT3 OF 1' DUCK.
TOR \.i HOURS.
Mi>ar, ar Rks.... 9,0 0 Cheese, cas.. . 288
Wheat, c.li 675 Kkv ooi ... _ 22 410
Jarley. ctls... — . 2,01 .. ' Htcej. n0.... ._ ■ 419
Oati, Clls. 260 I'elt*. bdl» — 3,451
Corn, ctls 885 Wine, gat 5 ....... 48,800
le»nj. sits.'....^ • 436 Wool. 01s ....... 980
1 otatoes, 3^l. ._ 1 295 Leather, roll 1.... 189
Onions. •«»...__ 70 Lime. bbli. ...^. 612
llky. tuna _ 250 Tcilow. ctlv .... 313
Straw, tons. 20 Lumber. SI few.. 15
i.r»n. nivj 3,525 QnlcKillver. flslu 40
Middling*, ski... 415 Chicory, t01a.... b
Butler, ctis.. . si)]|
THE STOCK MARKET.
The be« prices for mining stocks were generally
below tho'.e of (be pi feeding day and the market
was much quieter.
The Champion Mining Company of Nevada City
has resumed the payment of dlvl lends, one of 25c
per share having recently been declared.
• The annual meeting of the Maryland Consolida
ted Gold Quartz Mining Company ot firm Valley
has been called for May 10. ■
The joint Confidence, Challenge Consolidated
and Consolidated imperial west crosscut No. 1
from the surface tunnel is out llUOieet, 17 feet
havin : been made during the week; the face Is in
porphyry.
No ore was extracted from the Confidence mine
during the past week.
The yield of the Overman mine Tor the pest week
amounted to (even carloads of ore, the average
top car sample aisay of which was $46 65 per ion.
'1 he ore was «-.x rac e<i rom th«- workings in tlio
norm drift on the 900 level. There has been no
material chance In th» mine since last, report.
On' the Bond Exchange Gas and Electric de
clined to 9"^i. . '
BOAlU) SALES.
FMtoWtM «*!« the tbies In the San Fraacl»oo
Ftcc* Board yesterday:
RFtiTi.AK JiOBViNf? ekssiox.' rn*»Mir*ciT»i» 9:30.
100 Andes '_'4ili).) C P0int.. ..137 '0 Potost 60
800 26 100 IV 200. . 5B
4l>o Belcher... 37JJ5U UJt C 33 .100 .. ':. v
751) !■ «fc H 67 100 3190' bN»V.".!..61
300 Chollar.l.li .00 Occldtl.... lS 210 Union 0. 26
600 ic&v... 1.7 i 200 .1.10 100 »7
100 conn... .l.iui
A*TKRNOOJf BFBSION— 2:3X
ICO Ande5... ..23 '200 X G&C.ufj.Oj * N«v....62
410 8e1cher... 37 .mi .mi .-.. I.o' 150 Union ... l!?
4.0 C i'oini...li.' JJJ l'o:o, ... . til lUJ XJm;*<»..26
:uj a <&c 331
Following wers the •-«, in Uie Paclfio Block
lonJ 0 > ce 1 1 e rd a y :
i R^Birr.Mi «Fi>mn»-lO:n
400 Alpha 09 oOJ Chalice... 3? 100 Occtd 13
ano Alt* Ofc 150 conn ...1.20 100 14
10'J Andes '2b 0I C Imp ....01 75 i Ocnlr.. 05
•JOJ telcjier37Vi H\M C'.-v00... . 1.071/1
6U14 8,...8. 500 CN V Oi IbOJ 1-otosi .ft»
20U 68 SOU C i'olni...l. .400 .. «60
ltiOO 69 100 Kxchqr...U< ;0J 68
SCJ i union. ...It 7./0 o<s.i_ . .. ..:<:- 401 bavace. .-"i"2
10J Caiw1a....13 <:iO 35 700 23
ISUO Choir. .l 11 800 H4N 9<- 400 Scorpion. .04
COO 1.07 V v 300 Justice... Oil JOsJ bßitM ...04
4»it CCSV....IV<iUO Kentck....os 4'ioHT<»v.... 5
-400 1.773/31*00 700 8 Hill Oil
1600 1.5U;700 L\Vash...o:".'oJ Uuloa... 27
750 1 >■ ■ a 1-00 Mexlcan4»< 2UO Utah . 07
500 1.85J300 0vrmn....07|300 if J»CKt..US
AFTKBNOON BFSSIOS— 2:T).
100 aim,* 09 »00 «JCfcV....i3; 100 Ophlrl.o7Vb
200 Alt*.. Oh 200 1.771/j «00 Ovrmn.. 0?
150 Andes '24 5.0 1.80 .'OO Poumi .69
100 ....^......25 100 unn ...l.li 200 ... . "" 60
boo S«icn«r...37 600 crwnPt..i: 150 ftavac*. ii
40J ii&U *.. . 67 SJil U&C 3 *>(iO . ' 31
400 Bullion. ...U 1400 .....,..^..H4 :UII » Nv'""&2
200 ChUnce...S. v 100 H*N.....9t 20J Onion. "an
3JO 34 200 Mexican. 4b <no Oiaa...'.' 07
150 Ch11r....1.1ti iiO Ny yn... o:. iOJ i JuAi....26
ltO ..Jl/gIUO Occi lb
CJLUSIM* «>|TC»TATIONS.
WEDNkSUAY, April 21 4p. *.
j-n'.AlAfAl JHLAtltit,
A?r»»«n«ii..... o« 0: Joti« 04 05
Alt*. t>6 ObJtuttca _ 03 04
Ande«. „ 524 25; KeninclL...... i<6 07
Belcher 87 «8 Mexican 47 49
Best A Beionu 68 89: .Nevada Uusua. Ib . —
Benton C0u.... — 16 OccldeulaL .... — 15
Bollion _ 09 Jl|>phlr ........ .1.05 1.10
caledonia> 12 Is overman 06 07
CboUar ....... 1.10 l.ls!iotoaL — 59 co
Con.Cal<sva,..l.7o lbo^avajse. „ 'ii 24
Challenctit Cox 'Si 34 *corpion — L 4 —
ion. Imperial. 01 " 1/. >«;. i;wc:jsr. . L 405
Confidence.... 1.10 1.16 1 liver Hill 01 ,ia
Con .New Yotx 11 —-terra XevaJ*. 61 52
crown Point.. 12 l:- -tandard '...... l.ttO 1.64
£.asiaierrafti*/ — v -yndica'^. , — •■ — , M
i.urekaCoa._ _ ii LnlouU»a...«. - 3tf ' 28
exchequer .... 08 <j«uu»n... 06 1.7
Oi.ulu<k curry. »X 34 ivUnW 4»C*4m 26 C 9
BH*« MllfMi 87' 99 •,: . " ■ '"
tluCix AND BUND CHANGE.
Wednesday. April 21-2 r v. ■
IMllli STATICS BONOS. '
■ 2-i*t.j>iiea.t Bid. .Jtked.
CP<« ronn. ll2l^ll3 C fc*3ro<...lUW UV^
LoueMr j6aueJ2»Vi -
■ KlH'r.l.l-ANhIHH HflV!)*.
Cal-«trhli»3s.ll2 — ,Oak(4as&i.. "— int
Cat El«»c I, 6n — 130 |bo2d is 55... " — 109
Cntrac.\Vs» 96% S,tf ummbui Oa.. 120% —
Dpnt-stex-co — 300 AO Ry 6%. — 113
LiP6sl27i/al2» PiCh Ky 6s. - 103
t<tCHKUBsIOS 107 Pwl-st KK6ill3 318
Oearv-*t KSs - 105 heno.WLJt£. - 10J
« »<lts6Vii.lOO _ HctoFAL. — 100
LosAncLei o*l/2100 ' UF&.NPU6VIOJ lu2^i
DoOnt«ed6» 98V»i00 sPRKatIzSi 92 »4
Ai«^stCble6iU3^,al24S4 sPKKCaIos. 107 107%
DoKyCoa*s.lotiy 8 106i/i«PKKcal&i. KB -- -
IN at Vines Ist _ 100 " -PBrKCal6*. t'9 99%
£* Z C^ K7s - — 106% SVWater«J«.ll<6^llßy4
N KrCal «•. 1021^106 i!«V\Vil«f4i. 101 - -
ay cat o». _ _ sUttnU&iiai *9%100%
**"« STOCK*.
Contra costa - 40 |3prn< VaUey 97 9 7 1/4
MarlaCo..... 4854 61S/J
•AS AMI yLJiCTRI" 1 WCV
Capital... ..„" - 80 Pacific UeV. - 61
Central. * H y» - SFGAKIeo. 12% *-*/*
MKleoLigni »i/, 10 fan Krancaoo iV4 21^
OakULdtd 63 64 OlWltif 13 —
Pac oaa imp ' — Vt
JNSIJKA.N, -; .TOCKt.
Flremaa>sFdl6S% — ' |
COMM :...l \-_ A* VIC «TVItV
ABdo-Cal ... 60 — First Xatlonll "I^lß6
Ban* of Cat. 23B 240 '.ondonPAA.
Cia«*lJ<tTColo4%lo7% llerch Jix.... 12 —
►A ..N-.-. !.„ ,-X »>Tl>rCi.
fserK*l,Oo_l34') — isnv * loan.. — JO%
HnmbS4L.hi/) _ (security 359 —
Mutual. 38 41 L'UlouXru4:.adl) —
b*fe»v Uuion449% —
BTBKKi- RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 107 % _ oalcSLdtH*/ — IIP
Urary-5i....- 38 — Presidio 4 6
Maxjteirst.... 8/ 8 45 |
1 -••■•'-" ?TorK«.
Atlantic n... 1* 17 iQiantOon...- 10 -
California.... 80 110 Vlgonu .7.,^ - 70C
KaauiriiX).._ 80 b& I
. »iM;Ki.t.AXKoiT« rrivKi
Alaska ritp». - 104 NatVlnCo.. — 7%
tier Lead Co. 100 - oceanlcSSUo 22 £4
HawCisca. 13% 14 PacAuxFA 2 4%
HutcUoPco *3 . a3% PacßoraxCo. b9 -
HtxiucAsan- 9u - part PalniOa t>l/« —
SALES— moeni.nu BKSSIoN.
Board— :--."^
--200 Hutcblnson BPCO. ._ S3 28
75 do do ...*....*" .... 23 50
6J do do _ ." 23 :7y«
100 Mutual Electric Light >» *0 '
10 Si' Gas & Electric Co"".".'. 93 75
20 do ao .. .. _ 93 50
25 SV Water " 97 37%
Street—
»6000 P Branch Railway Bonds. «8 87%
!.)..-> -a I Kii.SiMiS htJWI'jX.
Board—
90 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 23 S7V,
60 do do |a 25
146 do do 23 12%
10 Market-st Railway 44 50
26 b F Gas <fe Electric Co P3 25
85 do do . 93 00
10 do do 92 87%
55 do do . .. 93 76
365 SFGasllirht ".'..'.'.'.*.'.'.'.'.'. 2 37%
2 do do .....1 200
Mr*«" —
40 S F Gas Electric Co 93 60
$1000 8 1" Branch Railway Bonds. V- 00
fIO.OOO do do, b5 39 00
SEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
Henry and Franzlska Helfrlch to James M. Cos
tello, 10. on S line of Bush street, 220 \V of Frank
lin, W 32:6 by 8 120: $10.
Jemima Cong.ion to Isabella J. Webster, lot on
N llneof Turk street. 87:6 W of Fierce, N 137:6
by \V 25: i ft.
Henry P. and Ella B. Sonntag to George Monter,
lot on W line of Ko torn street, 245 X of Nine
teenth, S HO by W 122:6: $10.
Kstate of Julia Morrison (ny F. S. Wensln^er.
executor) to Dan el Grenlnjt-r. lot on W line of
Valencia street, 105 S of Twentietn, S 35 by \V
110: $14,350.
Mm Kranciico Church Extension Society of the
Methodist Episcopal Church to Titnlty .Met hod
Episcopal Church, lot on « line of sixteenth street,
460 W of Sanchez, W 85:11/2, SW 19:681, 590:9.
B 100, N 103:51^: 0103.
Lucy E. Carrel to James W. Kelly, lot on E line
of Harrison street, 262:6 8 of Twenty-first, S 25
by X 100; $2675.
-Morßcnthau Company to Leonhardt Bauer, lot
on W line of Potrtro avenue, 70 * of Twenty-first
street, H 25 by \V 100: «10.
Thomas, Hurt to liaiicl Hart, lot on X line of
Green street, 68 E of Kearny, E 20 by N 83:6;
gift.
Rachel Hart to G. B. Ro?sl, same; $2000.
James W. H. Cumpbell to r. in llf >. Campbell,
lot on N line of Lombard street, 1h7:6 E of Jones.
X 60 by N 187:6: gift.
J. C. Brickell. Jacob F. and Sallle O. s-chemp.
Elizabeth M. and .Muiy K. Ureenlmm to Solomon
Belusco, lot on NW line of Harrison street, 175
SW of Fifth, SW 21 -.o^4 by XV 80; $10.
Byron 1. Taylor to Ivy Auitin, lot on 8 line of
Point i obos avenue. 306:8 W oi l«entie:h avenue,
\V 26:8 by « 100: *10.
Grorge .-. ami Flora Graham to Charles X. John- I
s >n, lot on W line of First avenue, 200 S ef Point '
l.ouos avenue, & 2b by W 120: $10.
.Jacob ana Llna Herman (by Oscar Hey ran at
torney) to Virginia T. Whtttaki r. lot on is line of
W stree-. 67:6 E or Forty-third avenue, X 25 by 3
100: * 10.
Ks!a:a of Robert B. Green (by Richard M.
Groan, executor) to Kichnrd Davis, lots 415 and
416, Gift Map 4; if DO.
-olomou. Dora, lierohard and Rose <;etz to
Achille Aragoua, lot on NW line of Athens street,
126 MS of PersiH avenue, XE 26 by .SW 100,
Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Isa* W. Herman to Esther Hellman. lot on
junction of N line of sacramen street with W
line of Franklin, \V 160 by N 127:8 Vi; *10.
Nellie I- and Kdmund M. Knight .v August K.
Drucker. lot on s line of Greenwich street, 137:6
E or dinner, E 68:9 by S 120: also lot on H line of
Greenwich street, 275 \V of Flllmore, \V 39:11 by
» 12U; $10.
(■ame to .same, lot on N line of Lombard street
106 k. of Steiner, K69by N 137:6: *10.
M. A. liorn to same, >ot on N line of Greenwich
street. 66:0^4 Kof steiuor, E7l:uVii -N 120, vv'
59:'.' 4. sto oezlnnlng; $10.
Joseph M. Woo. l to Marti* J. Jladford, lot on N
line of Broadway, 150 .c of Stt-lner, X 30 by N
137:6; $10.
Albert (>. and Rebecca H. Waddell and Eunice
G. Hendricks to Catherine White, Io on X line
of Lombard street, 112:6 W of Broderick, \V 25
by >. 137:6; *10.
Eunice tien:rlcksio same, same; $10.
Nellie L. KnUlit to M. A. Dorn. lot on W line of
Belvedere street, 185 X of i ledt-riclc, X 50 Oy \V
120: *IH.
Ailele Hesser to Joseph Hertcher. lon on N\V
llneof Howard street, 250 X E of Eleventh, NE
25 by NW 90; $10.
Edward Toner to Ida C. N. Port»r, lot on X line
of Twentieth street. 170 E of Mission, E 25 by N
95: also lots 10 to 14. blccic 36, Sunnyvale Home
stead Association: also lot on the W "line of Thir
teenth avenue. 1-0 >of L street, S 60, W 118:6, .N
60:10, E 116:6, block 852, Golden Gate Park
Home«tead: gift. ;
Daniel and Helena B. Grenlnjjer to Daniel E.
Greninger, lot on W line of Valencia street, 106 a
of Twentieth, 8 35 by * 110: cifu
James and Klleii F'itzsiuimons to James Carl in,
lot on sK corner of 'r«entv-Hrst anu Diamond
streets, s 27:6 by E 100: $10.
Estate of Julia Morrison (by F. 8. Wenslnger,
eiacutor)to John C. Bauer and Joseph Kchweltzer,
lot on X line of facram nto street, 137:6 k. of
Ke«rny, E 'M:H/ a by N 119:6: $iJ.360.
Hannah CuiliKan to Anthony Marasi hi, lot on
S\V line of Kltcli street, 200 sK of Bryant, SE 60
by s\v 75; *5.
A dele Hess?r to Clara Hesser. lot on XW
line of Howard street. 200 -\K of Sixth. XE 26
by NW 85: gift.
Maul T. Nolan ( Tread well) to Joseph F. Nolan,
all interest in following: lot on NX corner of
Kichtli and Bra. man i reels, NW 276 by NE 27&;
also twenty-eight other descriptions, nee paragraph
of following deeds: *10.
Fernundoand Julia A. Nelson to Moses Fisher,
lot on XX iorner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and Ver
mont street*. X 100 by 2o: $10
UllTia B. Johnson (McDonald) to Mary K. Stew
art, lot on E line of lenth ay. nue, 100 X of Cali
fornia street, .\ 26 by E 120: $10. -
I. A. and MaiKan-i Eastman to William T. Mur
rell, lot on X line of ■ c Muni t<>rt street, 100 \V of
Faxton avenue, W 25 by X 100, bloc* 24, L&Ke
v.ew: $10.
Patrick W. Riorilau to John R. Sautter, lot on
SWline of Francis street, 625 X W of Mission,
XW 25 by SW 160; $426.
Mary -. Moultoti to ' Catherine Cosgrove. lot on
E line of Folsom street, 250 X of Precita place, a
25 b/ !•- 00: $10.
John and Lucy A. Gamble to John McKlnney.
[ lot on E line of Prospect avenue, 525 sof Coso, 8
40 by E 70. lot 251 and por:ioa of lot 253, Gift '
Map 3; $10.
John Weber to Maria K. Weber, lot on E line of
Corbett road. 78:11 .\ of Bom»in street, X 62:2,
Xt 129:9%, 4^:l, W 169:b; Klft.
ALAMEDA COUNTY."
John G. and Acres M. Agar (trustees estate of
Joseph Macdonough) to F. Hoffman, lot on W line
of Magnolia street. 201 X of Twelftli, X 37.50 by
W 133.25, block 575, Oakland: $10.
y. Hoffman to F. A. Hoffman, same. Oakland:
$10. . - .
William J. and Fannie Bose to >arah A. McKee,
lot on W llneof Orove street, 90 of Marlposa. X
40 by W 120, being lot 16, b.ocic 2, McKee Tract.
Oukland Township; $10. ■ -
Mountain View cemetery Association to J. R.
Horton and Airs. Woods, lot 169 in plat 12, Moun
tain View <. emetery, Oaklanu i ownshlp: $41.
Uenrr and B'lette K. Trunberger to S. Bo:kln,
lot on 8 line of san / ntotiio avenue. 217 E of
Xluth street, tj 150, F; 39, N 150. W 39 to begin
ning, being lot 11, and W 14 feet, lot 12, block 21,
Oak "-bade Tract, a lami'da; $10. .
Robert and Mordena M. Stewart to Mrs. Rhn»
M. Clark, lot on » line of Blake street. 175 E of
J ■ ultou. !•; 60 by s 135, being lot 36. blocit 1454,
P.lnkc i rrat,i t, M»p 2. subject to a mortgage for
$2500. Berkeley: $10. •
Mary a. Me. ruse to U M. Mcfnlosh, lots 19 and
20, b cc!« 11, Map of Fttchburg Homestead Lots,
Brooklyn Township: $10. , ■
Georgo S. and E iztbeth M. Haly to William
Mann, lots 5 ana 6 Buenavlsta Terrace, Hay
wards i- den Township; *10.
John R. Palmer to Kate Geyser, beginning at
northwest corner tot 7. on S side oi X*»l street,
thence H 50 to NE corn- r lot 2, thence W 24:8. N
60, E 24:8 la beulnmn.-. being the H end or lot 1,
block iJ. Revised Plan Plt-asanton, Murray Towu
shlp;s]o.
Edward P. Flint to Mary A. Bate* lot on X line
of V»rnon street. 126 NX from line dividing the
1 Hut Tract ai.d lards of W. 1. Hamilton, thence
XE 6«, W 116. SW 60.20. t>h. 116 75 to • egln
nlrifr. being lot 11, block L, Flint Tract, Map 2,
Oakland; $10. . •. - •
Manjaret and James Dempiey to Niels M. Mar
tin, lo beginning at a point in cent, r of Wain.
worth avenue, said point bring, at. Intersection . f I
a line parallel with he .s X boundary line of the
Walsworth 100- acre tract aid d atant 8W 69:6
from N X boundary line tnereto, ft W 204, SW 30
SK 99:6, XX 30 to beginning. Oakland: $10.
Benjnmln Akerty to Morris K. A kerly (undl
vide I i/ 8 ) and as trustee (undivided % ), lot on W
line of Adeline street. 249 Nof Fourirocith. N 23)
by W 256:6. block 687. trim det-d, Oakland: i ft.
Lorettft cv Bmkeurldge ito 'Edward A. Braken- j
ridge, undivided Interest In lots 1 to 8, block 4,
Gruves an i Tavlor '1 met. Berkeley.
Kdwßid A. Braltenridge to l.orutta C. Br.-fcen
ridge, undlv d>- *-lnt«-r»-st In .lam ■, Bern ley: -frf rt.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to 1 bomas W. aid
Ma y F. Shepherd, lot on SK line Kbo't street.
250 feet sw of Allendale avenue. aW 75 by SK
100, being lois 26. V! 7an ! *28.' biocK .9, Allendale
Tr»ct, Brooklyn Township: #10
William Leahy and Catlieriue Kusseli. substi
tuted nr John Doe and Richard Roe by sheriff. 10
California Improvement I omDany, lot on W line
Sixth stren. 9d.i!5 N of Central avenue. N 6*12
by \V 97.82. being lot 11, Sl»p of lands Teuionla
Park and Horn- s cad Association, Alameda: $68.
same o same, lot on SW corner M ayior and
Sixth street*. \v 97.32 by 8 58.13. being lot 13.
sum-, Alintdt; (61.
Jane Newton to K. D. Winters, lot on SW line of
Athol uvenue, 564 37 XIV of Fourth. SW 148.96
SE 38:9, NX 147:3, NW 85 to beginning, block B,
Feralut Heights, East Oakland: $10.
San Francisco and Oakland Mutual ix>an \hso
ciatio . to Joseph and K!iz^ Doran, lot on W line
of Fifth street, 100 »* of Jones, S 77:6 by W 125,
being lots 11, 12 and 13, block 64. tract B. Berke
ley I*. and T. I. Association, Berkeley; 10. i; .
Mathilda Krkenbrecher, Thomas K. and Ada
Graber to A. a. Fink. lots 2 and 13. block 1, lot 1,
bluck 3, lots 2, 3, 6. 6. 7, 12 and 14, block 4, lots
4. 5. 16 to 19. block S. s«a View Park, quite aim
deed, BtrKeley; »10. .
Frank F. aid Juanita < and. do to K. C. Ilu-ciiln
»on, lot on W line or By run street, 260 N of Ban
croft way, W 101.4 '. .N 40.01, X 20, X 92.26, S 40
to besrinnlnc. being lot 12, block. O, Bryant Tract,
Berkeley: 10
June C Jones to Andrew Jones, lots 5 to 9.21
to ?5. block K. miip of Andrew Jones' subdivision,
Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn: grant.
Andrew Jones to Jane C Jones, lot 5, blocK A,
same; grant.
TUB CALL CALENDAR.
\V.
Ha.
a
it%. New Mo
W April 1.
9
3 First
\J) Ap
11
u
la
17
Full Mood.
April 16.
23
SO
\J\Jjc*A.li STEAiIEKs.
I)»te« of Drpsrtur« From Francisco.
BTmMKB | DKITISATIiV. i
n%ivt
PIKH
Uhllkat
Kosa.
Humbolilt.. I
Columbia. ..
Arcata I
foos Bar- . .
U-naUUa.. ..
Corona ■
>'araJloo :
Homer !
Kureka '
Acapuico. .. !
Stateof Cal.|
(i.Tim '
Orizaba I
Monowat
H urn bold t Hat
tie! Hirer
dan Inezo
' Hntnboidtßay
Portland
'LOOS Bay
.Nfirpor;
Vie <fc Pet Sod
s an UteßO..... ;
: 1 aamn* Hay. i
I loos Bay ..... !
Newport |
! Panama !
Portland ...... j
Cooi Mar i
Mexico
Sydney !
Apr •£•!. km ; <■ -- 9
Apr 2/. 9am Pier 11
Apr Ijasi Pier 11
Apr '23, zrv Pier A
Apr 23.1U4U l'ler'24
Apr li 3. &pm Pier LI
Apr 24. (a» ! I'le; II
Apr "Jb, sum PierS
I Apr vp.Uaii Pier 11
i Apr 27. 9am i Pier 2
Apr 27. si>ii5 i>ii Pier 13
! Apr 'J& Vau ! IMb: 11
Apr 28,12 PM 8 8
Apr i'H.kuu Pier -i
i Apr 28. 12m I Pier 8
I Apr -JS.IUam PierU
Apr 29. 2pm Pier 7
STKAMKKS TO AKIUVE.
>TKAMKR
J;uk
Tlllamoolc I
Bonn tore. ...
Acapuico
Coo» Bar
Arca:.i
Cmatllla.
Willamette
Corona :
Pomona...
Queen '
Homer !
Chilkat |
Crescent City...
Eoreka_ |
Florida i
Hnmboldt
City I'u-b.a....
Cxarlna
Mackinaw
Alice Blanch anl j
fanta Koja
Dei Norm
San Bias '.. ;
runißuu
Hamboldt Bar
I Panama.
] Newport
Coos Bay
Victoria & Puces Hound
Seattle
Man Oleco
Hnmboldt Bay
P0rt1and. .................
Coos Ba-.".".'
i Eel Kiver...
Crescent City
! Newport.
Departure Bay
Humhold: Bay
I Victoria & i*uget bound
Coos Hay
Tacoma _
I Portland
; San Dieeo _
'<ray« Harbor.
Panama...:..
..Apr U
..Apr U'2
..Apr 22
..Apr '2-J
..Apr 22
..Apr -ii
..Apr 2a
Apr -1
..Apr 25
..ADr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 26
..Apr '26
..Apr 26
..Apr "J6
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 28
..Apr 2*
..Anr 29
..Apr '.'9
AtUllt xo JIAIWM.IIV
A branch of the United States Hrdrographlo
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange Is
maintained In Han Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. '_..■-*_
Navigators are cordially Invited to Ttitt the
office, where complete sets of charts and salllnc
directions of the world are kept on hanlr or com
parison and reference, and ' the latest Information
eau always be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and ail matters of Interest to ocaao
commerce. V ■ :
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. . 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island
Cal.
A notice . stating . whether the . time ball L - was
Cropped on time, or giving the error. If any. U
pnblisheJ the sams day oy the afternoon papers,
and by me morulng papers the following <iar.
W. S. iirnmj "
Lieutenant, U. & S., in cnarge.
The Time Ball.
B&AKCR HTr>ROOBAPHIC OFMCH. U. 8. N.*>
■ . Merchants" Eicbaxoi >■
San FRANCISCO. April 21. 1897. }
The time ball on Telegraph Hll. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the 120:
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v., Green time.
W. a, H comes.
Lieutenant U. K. X. In charge.
eI.V 11OO.N ANU 111>K
Vjtmen states coast and G*onKTio Rr/Bvirr-
TIMBS AMD HXISKTS Or Hldß AND LOW
Waters at *obt Point. ■ Entranob to
Kan I" ran- Cisco Bat. Published bt Offi
cial Adthoritt or tux mtikin n.sui.\ r r.
Notk— The high an I low waters occur a', ins
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
nvcmuitiiei lt:<-r than at Fort roi.-i. vne u«t^tu
of (Ida is the name a: both places.
April- si),
Thnrsdar. April 22.
risen C.23;M00n rlsw o.oßam
Bun *cis 6i53; Moon seta,
? Tim. FMt [Tim- f *,|T!m l |j^jTto. F
2 H wj I. W H w I. W
22 •i.-b 4ei ».6i>l— l>.6| 9.44 3.9; V.6bl 57*
•/« &4« 4.611.0:1-0.:' 145 4.1 11.31 23
24 6.08 4.2 12.041 0.1 7.83 4.6 ... 1..
L■ W H W , I, » H \v ■■"
25 0.54 2.2 X.34 4.0 1.00 0.5 8.05 4.5
26 1.56 2.0 749 4.0 1.54 1.0 8.38 4.7
17 2.60 1.4| 8.55 4.0 2.41 1.4 9.07 4 8
28 3.33 1.0 8.65 4.1 1 3.14 1.7 9.36 5 0
Kotk— In the above exposition of the tides the
••rly morntnc tides ar« nlven In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. Th» second time*
column elves the second tide of the day, the third
tine column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column elves the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occur*. The heights clven are addition* to the
soundings on the United Htates Coast Survey
chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is aubtracilve
from the depth yen by -he rh»ri«.
SUIPFINO INTELLIGENCE.
t^j'y. r .. Arrired.
WEDNESDAY, April 21.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonltleld, itiV. hoars from
Eureka; i>a-s and mils.-, to M Kallsh & fa
Hlmr l'oroona. i«>r*n. 16 boun from Kureka;
pas* and mdse. to Uoodail. Perkins <fc Co. •
stmr Cl one, strand. 16 hours irom Fort
Bract;: wood, to C D Ford.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 nours from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports: pass ana mdse, to Meyer
Akmann. .
s:mr Chilkat. Dunham. 25 hours from Eel
Hiver; pass and mdi-, to NP s BCo
Schr .Monterey, neck. 12 hours from Bo wens
Landlne: IHO M ft lumber, lof Hey wood.
Schr Parkers burg Jorsemon. 6 duy.i from Co
(|u lie River; 50 M ft lumber, to C F Doe; 170 tons
coall to James A. JLyom. :
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. April 21.
?tmr Thistle, Williams, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Nor simr Prince Edward, Pande, Port Towns
end; \V KG race <£ Co.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. Hongkone and Yoko
bamn; O&OS sCo '"< , .
stmr Santa Kosa, Alexander, Ban Diego: Good
til. Perkins & Co.
Ship Xl well, Kyder, Nauafmo: John Rosenfela's
Sons.
Ger bark John Wesley. Scawartlng, Marquhe
Island*; Wlikens & «. o. i""«>
fc ailed.
■•7 ,!•':■ WEDNESDAY. April 21.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. Yokonama and Hone
kong. •' .. . .
Simr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor "
Mian htslH, Williams. Hrlsto Bay. '
stun Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
lownscnd.
Mnir >.xc<»lslor. Hiscins.
Btmr Hcwaber, rosen, Vsal.
6tujr Crescent City, Allen, Crescent Oltr.
Ha.v barK X 1" Kitutt. Tbompion. Honolulu.
T!k;n K'iipsj. P.ioiscn.
6chr Moro, Jnrifenson, Coqullle River.
Schr Viii.-. l'ed.-rso:i, ilri-t-ol B»v.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Arff. Grays Harbor,
t-chr Newark. Beck, uowens Landing.
bchr Alary c, Campiien. Uodega.
Returned. .
WEDNKBDAY. April 21.
Stmr Thistle. Williams, hence to-day for Bristol
Bay, returned on account o.' strong KW wlndj.
. . 'lalegraphic.
'■- JOINT I.OR April 21-12 p. ii.-Weather
hazy: wina s\V vi-iooi / 30 uiu#
Charter*.
The bark Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hllo
brl, Lurniie. md«efor Kahului: Br bark D; lryin
ple. barley for iquiqui; ship CJiarmer. mdse or
New York; • bktu city, of Papeete, ■ mdse for Ta
hiti. > .;• '-. ' ' '• "■ . .
' The Br ship Alice A. Leigh loads lumber on the
Sound for Caiiao, 90. -_.
_.i.:.. . Domestic Port*.
MEJSDOCIS'O— sailed Apr 21— Stmr Pt Arena,
for ■-•au Fi an isco. . -
PORT BLAKELEY-ArrlveU Apr 21— Schr
Laura Mad ten. hence Apr 2. !
HA ÜBOR- Arrived April— Schr Sailor
Eoy. hence Apr 15. . . . .
lACOM A- Arrived Apr 21— Schr Eliza Miller,
hence Apr M. .
COOS hay— Arrivtd Apr2l-Schr Gotama, bee
Apr 15. . . . -
SaiiiM Apr 15-Schr Western Home, for San
Francisco. '
. EUREKA— Arrived Apr 21— Stmr Navarry, nee
Apr 19. . .
>A.\TA BaI'.BAR v -Sailed Apr 21— Schr C A
Th »y*V or Grays liarbor.
E^KKKA-Arrived Apr 21 - Stmr National City
hence Apr 20. .
OKEE.VWOOD-Hailed Apr 21-Stmr Alcatras.
for .Newport.
2^Arrivea Apr 21— Stmr Greenwood, hence ADr
FORTBKAGO— Arrived Apr SI- Stmr Protec
tion, hence .* pr -jo.
BEaK Ha kBOR— Arrived Apr 21-t-tmr West
port, henr* Apr 19.
SANPEDKO ailed Apr -Jl-Strar Pasadena.
»,^ u J^ a: scnr Peerless, for Txcoma.
_ MKNDOCINo-Arrlved Apr 21-sumr Pt Arena
henr» apr 9.
SEATTLE-Arrlved Apr 21-Schr Metha Net
■on. hem Apr m.
SOUTH BEND- Arriv.d Apr 21-Schr Arthur
I, neiici- A.rt,,
CLALLAM BAY— In poit April 21— Ship Yo-
S •mit», from Taconn, tor ami Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Apr 20— Bark Gatherer, hce
Apr 4.
KKDOXDO- Arrived Apr 20— Htror Lasuna. fm
Eurelcn. Apr 21— Schr Cha^ Hanson, norn Grays
Hnrnor; jchr Roy Someis. irom Seattle.
EDKEKA- tailed Apr 21-aimr Nona Fork, for
San Francisco.
: Foreign Port*.
ACaPULCO— Sailed Apr 20— Stmr San Bias, for
San Fra' Cisco.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Apr 20- Br ship Morven.for
-an Francisco.
HULL-Salled Apr 20— ship Elllsland, for
Ban Francisco. , -. •
NANAlMO— Arrived Apr 21— Bark Carrollt6n,
hence Apr 4.
Importation*.. >r>.
YAQUINABAY-Per Farallon— 3o bales 1382
q -sks 550 hi-ski flour. 2 cis stavebo 4 sks
b*rk. 27 cs eggs, 6 coops chickens, t.9 bd:s hid s,
106 tons stone, 1 bx rollers. 20 pk*s cha rs, - crts
marble. 52 slew oysters. v cas wood. 3 pkes mdsf.
Coos Bay-514 sks potatoes. 6 pkgs l.feboat car
nages, 4 bales flannel, 4 chests express, '1 ska coin,
H4 M it lumber.
Port Oriord— l sk coin. 2 pitas express.
Eureka— s pkgs indie, 1 pkg saddlery, 6cs lard,
I bx books.
KURISKA— Per HnmbotiU-80.440 ft lumber. 7
bait pelts, 194 pkirs mdse, ti bats woo.. 1 bx
Dump*. 0 bxs extracts. 3 coops ckeni. 1 cow, 2
»ks meat. 1« dressed calve*. 1 cs ings, 211 bis
II kpgs butter. 7 pkes express.
EUKEKA— Per Ponion*-3^ bx fish. 20 rolls
leather. 1 c* cigars. 18 bxsbuitir, 8 '- plctEsmdse,
1343 Ms&liurtes, IS slcs sand. 49.800 shakes. 1
horse. scs crack a. 3 bdls hides, Isk lurs, 6 pegs
1 .»< coin.
E X and E X X- 4 tubs 113 bxs butter. 60 cs
couriered miU. 2 Dfcss mdsi", 88 sks potatoes, 45
dressed calves, 287 sks oats. 1 sic mca:.
EEI, RIVER— Per Cclikal— 47 Dxs butter, 81
bdls hides, .<■> dressed calves.
« «.i«i — in..
Per Chllkat— FßHaight: Western Meat Co: F
Url <t Co: Marshall A Keimers: Schweitzer & Co;
<J B smith <fe Co; S H Frank & Co: Kus-i, Eariy &
HaiVille.
Pt-r Humbolt— C A Hooper <fc Co; R ass. Early
«feCo: Christy & Wise; Standard Oil Co: Mann*
Wilson; Norton, Teller & Co: GHz Bros & Co; W
Loman; Wolf <£ Son: Brlehara. Horn** Jt > o- H 8
Case: Redtngtnn & Co; Wleland Brewing Co: Hud
dlps;on <& Co: Dodge. Sweeney A Co: J Hoffman;
C X Whitney A Co; FBHalßht: OB Smith A Co;
Wltzel .$ Baker: Wells, argo a Co: Ills Bros:
Wheaton, Breon A Co; Ross A Hewlett: Water
house A Lester. ■■*■.■:
Per Farallon— C J Leist A Co: B H Frank A Co;
i. R Stevens A Co; Moore, .Ferguson ACo : Pacific
Wooden ware and Cooperage i o; W C Price A Co:
Vermont Marble Co; II H battler A Co; Chicago
Brewery; U D Graham; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: U
avllla; McDonougb A Runyon ; L D Stone A Co;
'I honiHs l.oiunr»:i : M organ Oyster Co; DNii'ian:
superintendent Lie Ha vim; Service; G W Green
wood; Bandon Woolen-mllli : Whitakea. Kay A
Co: Arc le Oil Works: J D McGiivray; stmr Mon
ticello; Marshall, Teggart A Co.
Per Pomoiia— Oregon Fish Co; A C Nichols A Co-
Podce. p.w»i»ii-v A Co: Dairymen's Union; Be tin
A Leporl: Dunham, Carrt?an A Co: Fredericksouri? i
Brewery: Kniernrlst- llri?*pr.v: W i\ Sutnner A Co: I
Gray A Mitchell : Hills Bros: Hlgglns A Collins: J I
J Loggle; I hernia Brewery: .1 U L>v>: Union Oil '
Co: Mtlo Kuox: Wieland BrewiDg Co: Western i
Carb Acid Uai Co: W C Kuuerne;d; H Dutard; J
It H«nitv A Co; J H Newbauer A Co; Wolf A Son: i
Wells. Fargo A Co: Brigham, HoppeA Co: Port
land Cracker Co; Ross A Hewlett; Bros A Co:
McKay A Co: W U Sumner A Co: Kowalsky A Co;
Standard Oil Co; United States Brewery: vv C But
terneia; Norton, Teller A Co: Pacific oast Lum
ber and Mill Co: Ross A Hewlett; Kuss, Early A
1 o: Geo de Lucca.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
fEXßßnßflldl The 8. "MONO WAI
l3fclflflll« Bnlls Vla HONOLULU
M-«f «l fc 11 "* and AUCKLAND tor
■ vS^flV »V D N Y. Thursday,
g«cCZl\T\ Aprll ' Z S- a p - '"•'■■ •
■a^PWo^TrJfnSn D"-' S " **•* USTKALIAfor
CJIUIMUIIIV HONOLULU onU-
JiJy^ (SdlßSlZi^ Tuesday, Stay 18, at
«fi> \willjU(.l«.q o P . M . bpfccial party
■ - rates. : \"i
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
Couth Africa. ..-,,-. . - . .».-. .
J. IX SPRECKELS* BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
• Freight office, 327 Mark street, 6-an Kr.inci>co.
PAanc COAST_STEAfISOIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AffL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -JExsSES.
For ports in Alaska, April 1, 8. 11, 18, [SI, it*
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 A. v.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and '
New Wi.-aii-om (Belliiuham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
April 1.a.11, 16, 21, 23 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
8., at Tacoma with N. .7. R. X., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For i:ur«ka, Arc* a and Fields Landing (Hum-
holdt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., April 2, 6, 10. 14, I
18. 22; 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San l.uls Obispo), Gavlota, Sants
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, &an Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Aneelae) and Newport, at 9 a. it
April 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. --L. 28, and every round
day thereafter. -
For San IMcko. stopping only at Port HartoM
(San Luis Obispo). M»nta Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11 i
a.m. April 2.6. 10, 14, 18, 22,26, 30, and every j
fourth clay thereafter.
For Enseaada, iSan Jose del Cabo. Mazallan, h% I
Paz.and Gnaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 26th of each month.
The Company reserves the right to chance with-
out previous nolle* steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL. PERKINS <£ CO.. Gen'l Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
3E 3 o:r.t:il..a.]N" id
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. v.
FA T?TT ' * 13 ''"'rat-class > Including
1\ 1 I 1 \ *.i; Second-class /berth & luei'i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .April '.'3, May 3. 13, 23
State of California April 28, May 8. 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all I
Eastern points. Rales and folder* upon applica- i
tion to . ...
• F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendent
COfIPAGSIEGESERAL TRA!f SATL
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH rtjrri
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by 4S2£b9
this line avoid both transit by English railway an*|
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via ParU
first class $160. second class 9116.
LA CHAMPAGNE ...April 24, 10 a. m. !
LA GASCOGNE .........May 1, 10 a. m I
LATOUUAINK May 8, 10 a. m.
LA BKETAGNE.. Ma.- 15. 10 a. m
M 2**£ VK - - ■ •■• ■ • • ••• " " * 22 ' 10 a.m.
Mm" For further particulars apply to ■
::v^ •"-• - r, A. FORGET. Agent.
«™, No. 3. Bowling Green, New Yorlc.
J. P. FTTGAZI i CO., Ageuta, 6 Montgomery
•venue. San Francisco.
•s§_V_v_R BAMBUR6A!IER[CAS LHB
g&BsapK!fSKl& TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
*r- 'J^JS^-'* «?.„'. . Line irom Now York to
Plymouth (Lou Jon), Cherbourg, Paris tSs liambar^
Norm in: ma Apr i -» I A«rill»Btna ....June A '
Columbia.... Jiay 13 C01umbia....... Juuj 10 '
F. Bismarck.... May 27 | Au_.victoria..-.Juiie 17 '
Hamlmrg-Amorlcar L.inn,37 It'wav.V V
KAIIN HEKZOIi, Agents, 401 California sU
San Francisco, Cal.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At ii F. -M. Daily. Fivil-Ih received up
-• , . ~ • 1.0 .»:30 F. M. ■ . .
AST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only line selling through tickets aud giving
through freight rates to all poln.s ou Valle/
Railroad. . - - ... •-...; ...
 i ■■:■:-, SItAMERS!
T.C.Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary Uarratt,' City of Stockton, '
Telephone Main 80S. Cai. Nay. aud liupL Oa >
-FOX U. 8. HAVY-YARD ASD VALLEJO.
STEAMKK "MOXTIt'ELLO,"
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thins, and Sat . ........ -
..9:45a. m. and 3:16 p. x. (9 P. m ex. Thuri.)
Friday 5..;..;..'......... ... v.'.l m.. 9 p.m.
Sundays 3O:3'J A. M. an.l 8 p. it
*. Landing and offices. Mission Dock. Pier J.
■■■ ■ " ' Teleptione Green 381.
FOR SAM JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTA CRUZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILY
O (Sundays eacepted) a: 10 a.m. Alvlso daily
(Saturday excepud) at 7 r. vm. Freight : and
Passenger. Fare bot ween. San Francisco and
Alviso. 50c; to San Jose. 75c. Cl»/ at, :«r i.
Ml W. bam* Clara iv cuut Joss>
VU- • RAnnOAD TRAVEt;
' so. Tiif.KN I'AC'IFIi: CUJIPAA'T.'
(PACII'IC HYKtK»t.)
Train* l«-i»v«- itnal art- tint* io arrive nt
. , . .;■-... NAN;M(ANCIM:». . j
leave — • From Arr.iL 18. ISP7. — akrivb
~«6T00a Niles, San Jose ami Way Uom . . . O:4.*>.v
7:OOa Atlantic lixprcss, Ogilcn and Hart.. 8:l.".p
7:OOa IScnicicV, Vaccville, lUuesot, Sacm-
meuto, Orovillc and Kedduig via
Davis :..'.. : : • G:4sp
' 7:30 a Martinez, SanltDmon.VaUcjo. Xaiia,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa C:l3p
•:811a Nilcs, Ha>i .loso; .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, • Maryßville, • , Cliico,
Tchamaaurt liciUJliilT 4: 1 a p
•8:3Oa Peters and Millou *7:13p
9iim»a New Orleans Rjqjrco»,Mcrood, Fresno,
liakcrsiiclil, Santa ISarlmra, I.o»
Aiibvlck, DcmiiiK. El l'aso, New
Oilcans and East 4:-a»p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4: Zsp
9:O(»a Vallejo C:l
Niles, Sau Jcsc, Liverniore aud
Stcckton 7:1.1p
•l:OOp Sjcrriir.'.nto Kircr Stcnuiurs •o:<>:>i'
l:UOp Nilcs, San Jcwo end Livcrmcre «:-Soa
fl :Sop Port Costa and Way Stations t?:-*.~«p
4:OUr Blartlnoz. Han liuinon, Viillcjo,
Napa, Culiatogii, l.l Vt-rano and
Siitita Uosa •••••• U:l3a
4:O«M Benicia, Vac-.villo, WooiUaml,
Knights Landius, Maqr*viOo, <»»<>- ■■-■■■
»illi- ami EJaeraujwiU) 11: 13 a
4t3«)p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto. Mer-
ced, Ilayrcond (for Ycscnilte). and
. Fresco, going via Ni!e». returning
Tia Martini 11*«4
SiCOpLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno. Mojave (for llandsburg),
Santa Uarbara and l.os Angfles. 7:4."» a
S:«Op Santa Fo Kouto, Atlantic Express _
for Mojave nu«l East / : i 5 A
6:00 1- Kuropeau Mail, Ogilcn and Kant.... «:4r, A
6:O»r Hnynur.lt). Niles and San.lose .:45\
J7:oor Vnl'lejo 1f7:45p
7:OOp Oregon J':.x|iress,.SHcraniento. Murys-
villc. lteddiinf, Portland. Pnget '■■■:.:•,
■ 801111.1 ami llnst I1:I»A
SAM'A (ilttlZ l>tVlM».\ (.Narrow UaiiKC).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Sauti Cruz
and Principal Way Station. ...... 18sO3p
■t4fiA Neiraik.Cciiteivillu.Suii.lose.Fclton,
Koulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ; . sisop
•SilSp Newark, Centcrvillc, Sau Jose, New j £ ;, ;■*-.
Alinaden, Felton, l.ouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ; »lls2Oa
4:1.1p Newark. Sun .lose and I.ok <;atos . . . 1»:."»0a
<(I.\S> DIViMO.N illiinl .V lounsiinl sis.)
7:UUa San .lose anil Way Stations (New
AlmmU'ii Wednesdays only) l:30p
O:OOa .Shu .loso, Trcs J'inos, .H;int;i Cm/.,
Pacific Grove. Paso Jtoblcs, San
I. him oliispo, GuadaluTic, Surf awl
Principal Way Stiilioim 4:13r
I«:40a Sun .losuund Wny Stations C:3op
I1:3I»a Palo Alto ami Way Stations........ 5:OOp
•a:3t»i- Sun Matco, Menlo Park, Sail .lose,
Gilroy, 'lits Pinos, Baiita Cm/., '•
Salinas,Montciey:imlPacilJc<j!rove «IO:4Oa
*3:SOi>Saii .lose ami Way .Stations »:43a
•4 :30r San Jose anil Way Stations *»:03a
.1:3Oi- Sau .loso ami Principal Way Stations •8:43 a
6:: tor Sau Jose and Way Station* tt::i.l a
til ; I.">| San .loßoni'.l Wav Slatidim 17545p
• NA.> I,hA.N./K(> A.M) UAVVVAKIt.N liO«:Ali.
t # G:OOA"| ( 7:13 a
8:OOa IO:-J.1A
lo.ooa Melrose, Seminary Park, i'i:i.->»
: oom FitcLburg,SanLeanUro "^J
2:O0p - nd J2:4.-p
<:i:OOp \ * nO ■( 4:4.->p
4:OOp ifnTwnrilK t3:43p
3:oop uaynaras. 0.-isp
S:3or ;-' ■ • 7:43 v
7:00p S:4sp
H:00p i Runs through to Niles. 0:43p
9:O0p I t From Niles. ]O:.">Ot>
ttll:l3pj [ ttl3:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:(0 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:30 t3:CO
•i:5O tS:CO *6:00 p.m.
from OAKLAKD— Foot ofßroadwij.— '6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:CO •l-.00 *2:00 »3:00 ti"-CO
"5:00r.M.
A for Morning. . P f or Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. * Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
♦ » Mnn.lav. .Thu~wl.iv »r<l Saturday nishts only.
SMFRASCISCO&KOSTHPA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market
£*n Francisco to San Rafael.
WEKK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00 a. *.• 13-^V
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Krtr» trl a
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxcra ulna at I:s j
and 11:30 p. m.
•DKUAYS— S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:34,
6:00. (i:2O P. v.
San Rafael to San Franclx-n.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. «.i
. 12:45, 8:40. 6:10 r.u. Baturday*— Extra tnpi
at 1:65 p. M. and 6:35 p. a.
BUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:10, 11:11) a. M.: 1:40. J:ll
■ 6:00, 6:28 p. M. } - .
Between San Francisco and (y:hue:i«n P«rl£ sana»
schedule as above. ... ......
.Ijeave ; . ■tnt^rani - ■ Arrivß
Ban Francisco. octT 14. eon tral >cls«».
Days. | days, "eatmatlon. DAY|^ | DaV3>
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, . 10:40 AM4 8:411 a»€
3:30 ru it:HO am Petaluma, 6:10 pm !lO:'2s a*
6:10 FM 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm| ti:2'J Pit
Fulton, .
7:30 am Windsor, ' 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
•l.ytton. . .. ;•
. Oeyservllle, I
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:SB pv 6:2g n
.-■ ; 5 ; Pieta, ' ~~~'
I Hopland A
7:30 am I 8:00 am Ultlah. 7:35 pm B:2«
7 :80~am 10:25 a if
8:00 /M GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
8:30 nt ■ r, : aa p«
7:30 am ! .00 ah Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 aW
and
6:10 pm 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 p*
7:30 am 1 8.00 am KebaatODOL 110:40 AM; 10:8 •a*
B:3opm|s:UOpm| »topoL | ,j :10 pM | 6: . 22 Pl|
Stages connect at Santa Rosa . for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for Kica?c:s Springs; as
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i~akpport; at
Hoplund for l>alceport and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah lor Vichy soring*. Saratoga Springs, Blaa
L*k<-s, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Pottef
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'a, Bncic«
Dell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocluo City
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuie:s. Cahto. Co.
yelo. Layionville, Harris. Scotia Hnd Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduae*
rates. - - '■;■ v
On Sundays round-trip ticket* in ati jtoiata be-
yond ban Rafael at half rat«»
Ticket Offices, 600 Market St., Chronicle bnnaic^
A. W. FOSTER, B. X. KTAN,
. Vrea. and Gen. Mauacrr. Oen. Paas. Ageab
Santa Fe ll^^^Js
Limited.
On MOXHAYSand
THURSDAYS the first- i^^©a^^^f
class Pullman uleeplng-cur BE«aiSlS|pSJEl>t '
leaving: at 5 P. w. connei t^ EB>vC%!.~3«EKS3Br '■
at liurito'v with th<» Sam a ¥sffiy*r?SMJ3wSy
Fe limited train carrying X*3MBw^.■pßßfßmß.
dlninß-car. bnffrt anokin^- tfiTt^Ti~*rTTj||r'
car and Pullman palac-- ££$!&&&*&?!&£
druwlns-rooru s!ceplnE-c»>is lS2cB2^STir-^
for both Chicago ivnd St. tll'i Jfia, ( «»-^^^
I.ouli via Kaunas City.
.'i'_. Dave to Chicago or St. Louis.
! 4 1 - Days to Nitw York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
| Leaves daily at 6p. m Pullman pa'ace drawing.
; room, also medrrn upholstered tourist slerpin -
j cars, thr.uch 10 (.blcago vi.i Kar.sas City. Annex
i cars for Denver and .-n. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City. Cbicacn,
] Montreal and the White Mountains leave every-
: Tuesday; St. I'aul excursions every r-unday.
Ticket Office, 644 M:«i »'■»-• i. « hron-
-Icle building, telephone Main 1531.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(.Via Sausalito ferry).
from Sao Francisco, Commencing sept. 13. ISJi
WEEKDAYS.
: For Mill Valley ana \in Hafael— *7:2s, *3:1.\
11:00 a. m.: »1:45, 3:45, »5:15. •5:45,6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for San ltafael on Mondays, Wedn:*
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p.' if.
•" • SUNDAYS.
i for Mill Valley and" Sun : Pafael— "B:oo. m -OS
•11-.3U a. M-: *l:30. 3:00, *4::-.O, 6:15 P. v.
Trains marked * run to san Uuentio.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes' and way stations— 7:2s a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. M. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. !>a:tir-
Cars. ■ - ■ ■ . - . ■ . ■
For Casadero and wav stations— a. M. »«olc*
lloya; 1t45 P. M. >a:urdays. .
■WIT TAMALPAIS.
Trains • connect with -North FaciUa
I Const Kailroud. ... .
I WKKK DAYb— .-rave S. F. 9:15 a. m. l:4^ p *.
Returning— Arrive H.K. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p it
1 SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 1 1 ::<0 a . m. 1 :.i> r«.
Beturnlns— Arrive S.F.I :15 r.M 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p m.
Tickets for sale In Mill VhI .<•>■ or
TIIO-. IUuK & M).\^, ti-i'l .Market St., 3. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpuls scenic hallway.
THE 5.15 -FBIICISCO II) SAX JDAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY Ctlfjll
FROM APKIL 15, 1897, passenger trains will
run daily: '. . ' ,
bouthbound. Station*.;-,' ' Northbound.
7:2.) a M .....Stockton ...i.:io p M
9:49 a. m... ...Merce-1...... .•„. 3-14 "- „
ll:tOA M.,...:.....:Fre5n0 ...... ....i:] O p.^
. For Intermediate stations no-table
Connect! ni; steamboats of the C. X.-& 1" Cow
leave Ban Francisco and MOJkton at 6pm daily
Connects nt Merest with . rom auelliugs,
1 Coultervilie, VosemUe, Martposa, etc. t . **/.BOARD OF TRADE'S
GREAT AMBITION
The Secret Is Divulged in
a Section of the Annual
Report.
To Ccnsolidat 3 Oakland, A'a
m?da, Berkeley, Fru.tvale
and Oher D str.c s.
Should Be the Second City ia lbs
State When the N x Census
Is T-ken in iqoo
Oakland Office San Fkaxcssoo Call,)
908 broad war, April 2L i
2. The consummation of the long
cberialit-d ideal of "The Greater Oak
land,'* by the consolidation of Oakland
'with Alameda, Berkeley, Fruit vale and
other outlying; and contiguous dis
tricts. Thig we hope to accomplish
i-fiir.- the taking of the next cennus
in 1 J'Hi, vrliich will then muko us the
second city in our great State.
The above paragraph, which is taken
from the heading "Future Undertakings"
in the annual report of the Board of Trade
issued to-day, will cau-e much discussion
in the cities and districts to which it has
reference.
For a long time the fact has been recog- ;
niied that the:e is fully twice the amount
of money spent in government i:i the
territory outlined than is ueces^arv. The
project of a city and county of Oakland,
*hich shall include Alameda, Berkeley,
Fruitvale and the contiguous outiyine
district? is a practical one, and cannot be
much longer deiayed, according to th«
opinion;" of those who are making a study
of the question.
The argument is made that in this dis
trict at the present 'ime there is an expen
s.ve county government, an Oakland city
government, an Alameda town trovern
ruent, a Berkeley town government and
numerous sanitary and district school
boardi, all being operated a: an enormous
expense. If all the inhabitants of this
territory were included unler one eto
nomical and practical government it
•would form a greater Oakland of about i
120 0.0 people.
As all the towns and cities mentioned
are now so closely connected that it is
impossible to tell except by a map where
one ends and the other Legins, the con
solidation may be said to have been
already effected.
Whenever this question has been men
tioned before it has always brought forth
great opposition from Alameda and Berke
ley, and it is to be supposed tnat this will
not be easy to overcome. The vast machin
ery, however, that in embodied in the
Board of Trade and Merchants' Exchange
of this city, representing fully 1000 lead
ing merchants, has proved that it can
carry out almost any project regarding
improvement that it undertakes. At this
t.nie especially, merchants in all these
three towns are laboring under great diffi
culties on account of pety municipal
■jealousies, which are exbinited in the
many narrow-minded restrictive ordinan
ces now in force.
The first movo in this direction has
already been taken. The ordinance call
ing the election to decide the annexation
of all the territory between Oakland and
BerKeley was prune 1 for tne first time to
day and the election will be b9ld on
June 3.
Berkeley politicians have already raised
some opposition to this measur because
it will bring tne charter line of Oakland
rieht up to that of Berkeley. When the
matter, however, is sifted down to a com
mercial practical basis, it is said to be
merely the opposition of politicians, who
fatten on municipal politics and who see
their profession being taken from them
by a consolidation o! government.
During the past two years the police
courts of the cities have been kept busy
wi h trying aLeged violations of license
ordinanc s. and the merchants of Oak-
Imd now declare that the competition of
Ban Francisco which now exists is only
rendered possibl? because of the local re
strictions placed upon merchants on this
sde of the bay. With this species of
legislation removed by a consolidated city
and county government it is stated that
Oakland would krep her trade among her
own merchants, oe-ides absorbing tnat of
the towns in the interior of this county.
A CHILD WITH NO NAME.
A Census Marshal's Discovery
That May Result in Dis
cosures.
The Law May B Appealed To for a
Purpose That I? Decidtdly
Nov 1.
■ . ■ -
Oakland Office Pas Francisco Call .
K)8 Broadway, ADril 21. j.
A reculiar obstacle has arisen in the
way of one of the marshals now taking
the census of school-children of this* city.
On calling at the house of Mr. and Mrs.
Wheeler, 725 Twenty-sixth street, he
found a little child for whom the lady of
the house dccl tied to Rive any name.
The marshal exhibited bis authority and
told ttie lady that it was necessary she
should make a faithful return to h mof
all he children in her bouse. He told her
of the necessity of knowing exactly how
many children there are in this city of
school age for the purnoseof getting a full
allowance from the State. The unhappy
mars al even wmt further and told Mrs.
"Wheeler he was not sure that there might
not be an unpleasant penalty to be visited
upon any one who obstructed an officer of
such importance as a school census mar
thai.
Mr.'.. Wheeler told the officer a peculiar
etory. ''Tne child," she said, "was
brought here a few months ago by its
mother's father. The reason it Is here is
bfcau«e of the baseness and treachery and
cowardice of a youns? man who once made
a promise of marriage, but who disap
peared when he should have fulfilled it.
The child has never been named, out its ■
fiuner is the 19-year old sen of a captain
in the National Guard. He has no love
for it, and declared that sooner than carry
out his promise he would rather see the
little nameless in a foursdlirj: hospital.
"Its maintenance is provided by its
mother's father, and its own father will
do nothing fir ir, because if he be forced
to it would necessitate the revelation of
Hie g cret, and relying upon tin?', he
•"▼cdes his responsibility. I do not know
v. ii a : to call the chid, ana I d.< not see
how anybody can force me to give it a
name. If 1 urn required to do so, I shall
ca )| it after its father." I;,'
"I '.■■ ■ a i- ii »i *»«■! r»»r>nr!e<l trie Chil
Tho Porfumo of Violets I
fa c purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,!
» the flush of Ilebe combine in Pozzom'ai
wondrous Powder. I
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
dren's Society for investigation, and it is
very probable that legal :<dvice may be
< sought, on a technical point. The Census
| Manual on completing his duty is re
quired to take an oath that the returns be
lifts made are to the bent of his informa
tion anrl he ief correct. Under the circum
stances he cannot do this and neither can
he make a return of a nameless child.
Consequently it may be necessary for
some one to legally adopt the little boy
and give him a name to avoid unpleasant
ness.
Two Katter Weddings.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 21.— There were
two Easter weddings to-day. At the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church Miss Alice
Kmball was married to Alexander James
Campbell of Honolulu. Mi*-. Kirn bail is
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. & Kim
ball of Seminary avenue and a graduate
of Mill's College and the groom is a
wealthy merchant of Honolulu, at which
city Mr. and Mrs. Campbell will res Me.
At the home of Mr. and Mrs. E. W.
Darling in East Oakland Miss Marion
Juliet Lord and Georgo Herbert Herrold
were married by Chaplain McComberof
Angel Island. The groom is a graduate
of Stanford and the bride is a well-known
vocalist. They will reside after a wedding
tour at San Jose.
Scores of Company F.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— The regu
lar monthly shoot of Company F, Fifth
Infantry, N. G. C, resulted as follows:
Captain Wethern 46. A. G. Mitchell 45. Lieu
tenant \V. 41, F. W. Miller 44. C. U. Covult
42, R. HHnsen 42. J. P. J,utgen42. H. Parsona
: 42. tenant Cobbledtek 41, L E. Daning
; 41, J. I). Kennedy 41, M. H. Mor<e 41, A. Bears
41, J. J. Swansoi;"4U. J. Ma*innis 40. W. Sears
1 39, F. W. Leß«l'.ister39. J. Gant39. 11. F. How
lind 33. 1' Smudge 38, W. G. Axx 37. F. Barker
! 37, A. W. Blaieley 39. J. S. Carney 37. \V. J.
' » llson 37, 0. T. L. Cry 37, F. S.
SchwartiiiK ' 37. E. W. Davis 36. G.
W. Nickerson 36, H. B. Stevenson 36.
J. H. Baker 30, G. T. Crone 30, W. I' Griffin
35. A. N. Breuis 35, P. F. Johnson 34. H. P.
| bray 34, A. F. Hanson 33. A. K. Harbridge 33,
I A. J. llnrforJ 33. F. Wilson 32, G. C. Hansom
; 31. 11. T. Beunttt 30, F. Owen 30, E. J. Adams
I 24, J. T. Brewer 23, >\. G. Leonard 23. V. C.
Peierson 21, G. E. Keert 26. C. W. Stoit 19. H.
J. P. Whaite 20. M. D. Bird 23. C. P. Griffin
10, F. Schulze 23. A. S. Baxley 17, J. P. Mc
i Curden 25. D. McMillan 2, G.T. Waiter* 19, J.
M. Uefferni»n 10, H. B. Germh 23.
IT WILL TAKE PLACE.
Di ficulties Over the Intercolle
giate Field Day
Settled.
■ ••-.■■-••
—
S ccnJ P aci to Count Two Points,
and th? Bicycle Race to B? at
th» Velodrome.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.-The diffi
culty between the University of Califor
nia ana Stanford regarding the counting
of points and the place for holding the
I bicycle race in the intercollegiate field
| day has been settled. The contest will
| take place next Saturday afternoon — the
' dale originally agreed upon.
The que^ious at issue were submitted
' by the Stanford men this afternoon to the
University of California faculty commit
tee on athletics, consisting of Professors
| Bacon, Ch.pp and Edwards, for decision.
They met and decided that the bicTcle
j race should be held at ihe Velodrome,
i and that second place should count for
I two point?.
In the dispatch received by Professor
I Bacon from Professor Angel, Professor
j Olapp was asked to act as Stafford's
i representative in the matter. This Pro
fessor Clapp decline I to do. Professor
Edwards being out of town, Professor
Bacon and Professor ClapD met in the
capacity of a board of arbitration, and
agreed that the only thin;; to do was to
compromise the difficulty.
Professor Ciapp, in speaking of the de
cision, said: "The position of the Uni
versity Club as regards tne bicycle race
seemed to be unassailable, while as re
gards the counting of points there seemed
'to be fair room for question. It was
| therefore decided that the University Clud
! should give way to Stanford in recogni
j tion of their courtesy in bubmitling the
I question to us for decision.
"The bicycle race will, therefore, take
1 place on the Velodrome at 1 o'clock Satur
! day afternoon, as proposed by Manager
Birnes, while second place in the various
events shall count two points as Stanford
desired."
In regard to his declining to act as Stan-
I ford's representative. Professor Clspp said
| that he felt as though there should be no
real representing of universities on either
side, but that the question should be set
tled as speedily as possible on a basis of
equity.
Bjth Professor Clapp and Professor
Bacon agreed exactly on all the points of
the decision.
Swallowed laudanum.
BERKELEY, Cal . April 21.— W. Kirk
j bam of Lorin stepped into Earlies' barber
j shop this afternoon with the apparent
j purpose of getting shaved. W ile in the
I chair he asked for a glasi oi water, and
! while the barber's back was turned poured
a quantity of laudanum into the eiu«s and
drank it. He was attended by Dr. Oberg
of Lorin.
Last night Kirkham eot drunk and as
saulted his wife with a knife. Becoming
repentant he took the lauaanam.
Stanford Jubilant.
PALO ALTO, Cal., April 21. — There
was treat rejoicing on Stanford's cam pin
this evening when Dr. Angell received
the decision of the University of Califor
nia athletic committee in regard to the
inter - collegiate matter left to it for
final settlement. The telegram read as
follows:
Dr. Angell: Edwards away. Clapp and I
i argree bicycle race on velodrome track Satur
day at 1 o'clock. Scoring, 5 to I.
Thomas K. Bacon.
This allows Stanford the points at issue.
i The new» spread like wildfire. Encina
; Hall was thronged with students congrat
ulating eacn other over the happy ending
of a disagreement which threatened to be
I serious. The Glee Club serenaded Dr.
I Jordan and made the campus ring with
I its songs. The students pronounce
their rivals good fellows, nnd excellent
j leeiine will characterize the fi id day,
i which promises to be the most exciting
! ever held on the coast. The students felt
I certain of impartial treatment w hen the
matter was left with the faculty of the
University of California. The result jus-
I tifies their expectations. Coach King was
especially happy over the ending of the
dispute.
SCALES OF JUSTICE.
Carried by a Demented Woman Who
Lived in a Hut
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— Bertha
Oshner, a woman 70 years o age, who has
been living in a hut b ck of Temesral and
subsisting on herb- for many years, ha.«
been arrested on a charge of insanity. - ■
She was brought to th<» jailed dressed in
dark clothes covered witlj a gunny sack,
wearing no shots, and on one foot only
was there a slocking.
When broil to the jail the old lady
. ad with her a crude wooden scale which
she declared she used in weighinc the
relative merits of wealthy men. "I was
once rich," she said, "but a proud spirit
brought my downfall ana now I have to
live alone and make my own living. De
Young, Ludwig and others are like I was
ccce, all- proud because they have lots of
gold, bat God made us all And we shall
nnd our level sooner or later." -
Oakland.— Many of the wideawake ladles of
tins city have attended the. great retiring sale
ot the well-known cloalc and suit company,
1230 Market street. People on thin side will
do well iiv retting some of the $15 -uitsat
$3 75; $15 jackets, lute style, at $3 50; $3
<-rtjKji mi 15 vents; $1 50 wrappers, 35**-n a.
fciuu will last x few iinvs.more. . Paragon C oak
and Suit Company, 1230-32 Market st, S. F. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1807.
THE DAY AFTER
THE WEDDING
Hew Dr. G. C. Pardee Acted
Toward His Father's
Second Wife.
Looked at His Pate, BoweJ
Stiff! 7 and Declined
Her Hand.
A D3poiition From Lodi That Will
Figure in the Great Trial
Next Tv sday.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
(K)8 Broadway, Apii: 21. )
A deposition was received from Lodi to
day which shows very clearly that th«
antipathy of Dr. George C. Pardee for his
stepmother commenced, or at least was
exhibited, the very day of her arrival
from Lake Tuhoe, where she and the late
doctor .-pent their honeymoon seventeen
years ago.
L. M. Morse, a farmer living a few miles
out of Lodi, is the latest witness in the
will contest which is fast becoming
famous. Being in poor health and 65
years ol age, he stated that he was unable
to come to Oakland and be present at the
trial which commences next Tuesday, and
a commission was issued for his deposi
tion to be taken at his home.
L. M. Morse is a brother-in-law of Mrs.
£. H. Pardee, his wile and the late doc
tor's wife being sisters. He has been
acquainted with the doctor for twenty
years and nas known the widow since she
was a litle girl. When living in Oakland
many years a»o sue wa-< an intimate
acquaintance of the late Dr. Pardee and
frequently called at their house.
'1 remember the marriage very well,"
said Mr. Morse. "I called on them with
my son George immediately Dr. E. H.
and Mr*. Pardee returned from LiKe
Tanoe. We were in the dining-room when
Geor.e Pardee came in from t lie hall. As
■oon as he entered Mrs. Pardee saiil,
■How do you Jo, George,' ai the same
:ime she ex ended her band to him, mak
ing an offer to snake hand*, but lie re
pelled it. He refused to take her nand,
made a stiff nod and sat down at the table
without making any reply at all to her
welcom ."
It must have been a memorable dinner
according to the testimony of Mr. Morse.
Dr. E. H. Pardee sat at the south end of
the table, Mr-. Pardee at the frigid north.
Dr. G. C. Psrdee on the east, lacing Mr.
Morse and his son, who sat on the west
side. These facts Mr. Morse remembers
well, because the conversation at the din
ner table was so limited that ti ere was
very little to think about except the po
sitions the vaiious people occupied.
"George did not sueak," says Mr. Morse,
"but looked at his plate and contented
himseli wii being silent. He was stay
ing at the home part of the time, but not
regularly, and on the occasion ot our visit
the doctor and his wife had just got back
from their tour to Lake Tahoe. lam cer
tain it was the first time that George and
his stepmother had met after the mar
riage. 1 know it of my own information,
but am not sure whether I was told so by
George or Mrs. Pardee, but 1 know it was
one of them.
"My wife and Mrs. Pardee are sisters,
but I have no interest in this contest.
These facts which I have related uil oc
curred at the late doctor's house in 1879."
The trial of the case will commence
next Tuesday morning in Judge Ogden's
courtroom, and it is expected that it will
occupy not less than a month.
TINKHAM IN SAN JOSE.
Says He Did Not Lciito to Avoid a
Damage Suit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 21— Grove L.
Tinkbam, who was reported in Tuesday's
Call as having disappeared from Oakland
with Mr?. Carrie r'rost, the divorced wife
of a prominent Sout era Pacific official,
is here in San Jose. Tinkbam has been
here s nee he left Oakland and is associ
ated with his father, M. M. Tinkham, in
the livery business on Bassett street, near
the bro.id-j;auge. He says he has no
knowledge of Mrs. Frost's whereabouts
and that he did not leave the State with
her to avoid the trial of the $50,000 damage
suit brought against him by Frost for the
alienation of his wife's affection, as was
reported.
IPISOOPAL PROGRESS.
All the Churches Am Increasing in
Membership and Incomes. '
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— an
nual elections of the Episcopal churches
in this city were held last night and show
them all to be in a flourishing condition,
with increased membership and money in
the treasury. _*M. n
At St. Paul's* the ladies took advantage
of the privilege accorded them two years
ago and voted in great numbers. At this
church there v.ere more votes cast for
trustees than there have teen at all the
last five annual meetings put together.
St. John's is now discussing plant, for a
new church, and a decision will probably
be made this week. The new bui.uing
wii he Gothic in stylo and will cost above
$12,000.
At ihe Church of tho Advent a banquet
followed the meeting and John J. Va-en
! line was chosen rector's warden.
Now Panel of Trial Jurors.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— Judge Og
den drew a new panel of trial jurors to
day, who are ordere i to appear in court
next Tuenday morning. Their first case
will be thu Pardee will contest. The
jurors are :
M. J. O'Gare, W. J. Spencer, John C. Gruen,
Cyrus A. Brown, George M.Webb, J. K. Stew
art, E. Lehnhantt. Louis C. Brown, C. C. Un
derwood,T. E. McGu.re, E.T. Thur»ion, Thomas
Cuff. J. A. L'uderwoo i, Joseph Chappie, B. F.
Hobart, John Purves Sr., Daniel Crowley, Jur
een Rauke. Jacob House, P. O'Hrien, \V. F.
Emery, C B. Parcel!*. Sernll Wlusor, Timothy
Quirk, A. G. Domtn.Sim n Peter. Jonn Marx,
Tnoiuas Hayes, W. S. Roberts, J. L. Frost. B. F.
A. bright, Gecrga Betncnt, Joseph K. Banker,
William L-iurencf. Frank Weave, J. H. Fa.
Samuel Robbing, Thomas BedarJ, Samuel <:.
GSDb«, W. H. Friend. Jacob Hardln. John G.
Croll, J. C. I. rr.iKii, George Beck, A. £.
I.ciilel), Chester S. Crandall, J. B. Uorieniiein,
Mark A«ar and R. C. Mayo.
Collins' Trial Peremptorily Set.
OAKLAND, Cau, April 21.— Judge
Ozden has peremptorily set the trial
of Michael Coll in. ■« for the murder of
Puilip lioogar for June 8. Collins "Mas
already been trie! twice and the jurors in
each instance have disagreed. He shot
.(own old Boocrar in the doorway of the
Galindo Hotel in January. 1895,* and his
defense has b^en self-preservation.
Oakland Brevities.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 21. —The
funeral of tfatn ' K. Hassinger was
held this afternoon. Tii<* service was con
ducted 'by his old ;, friend, Charles li.
Rutherford.
Wi:liam Newton Meek^' will was filed
yesterday, and among other bequests be
gives $1000 to the Fabiola Hospital Asso
ciation.*. ■ ' , . ; . '. . '
The Grand Jury indictments against County'
Auditor Whi :den were called up by Judsa
Ogdeo this morning, and h. s aitoroe/s, D»
Golia & Moore, having presentd another de
murrer, ti.e court consented to have ihe mat
ter bubmitti'il upon briefs.
The West O ikland Improvement Club will
with appropriate ceremonies, raise the big
fluirstafl m Sixteenth-street marsn next Sun-
Jay.
E. A. Gibson, a Twenty-third avenue man,
was allowed to forfeit $40 tc-day on nvo
cberaes of selling liquor without a license.
Will D. Hynes has been elected librarian
of the Alameda County Law Library.
Crushed by a Train.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— A man
who is suppose.i to b;* A. Brown was run
over to-nizht by the Alameda local at
First ana Broa wny and killed instantly.
He bad been drinking and was assisted to
the car by Mis* Tillson, the ticket agent.
He tried to board the smoker on the front
of i i;e train, but missed his hold and the
who:e train passed over him. Brown told
the ticket anent that he was a traveler for
the California btove Company. He was
well dressed ami over 60 years of age.
The R>iil Terminal.
OAKLAND, Cat,., April 21.— The com
mittee of fifteen appointed to coiner with
the Valley road with the intention of try
ing to have it loca;e its terminal in Oak
land met to-night. Further information
as to the wants of the railroad company
was desired, and an executive committee
o( five was appointed to see what induce
ments the road wished from Oakland in
order to induce it to come here.
BURNS AND HIS GUN.
Prevented a Tragedy on the Narrow*
Gauge Local Train.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— The pres
ence of Detective Burns of Wells- Fargo on
a narrow-gauge train last night as it was
approaching Fourteenth - street depot
probably saved a murder.
As soon as the train left the mole two
men started to quarrel, and their lan
guage became more heated as the journey
progressed. After leaving Seventh street
they used their fists In a threatening
man and one of them drew a gun on
his companion.
"You drop that cun or I will drop you."
said somebody oehind them. It was De
tective Burns and in his hand be held a
wicked-looting shooting iron. The man
with the gun looked at tbe detective tor a
brief moment as though making up his
mind whether or not he were in earnest,
and then jumped off the moving train and
fled along Twelfth street.
Burns is the man who figured promi
nently in the capture of Evans and Son
ta X* . "■■■ ■ . . .
MRS. HUNT RESIGNS.
A Teacher Who "Mysterloaaly Disap
peared" Some Tfnio Ago.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 2L— Mrs. Hel
ene Hunt of the Haight School presented
her resignation to tbe Board of School
: Trustees la*: night This is the lady
> about whom was sought to be made a
great sensation a short time ago because
of her alleged mysterious disappearance,
and she received much notoriety at the
! time. There was nothing in the story
further than that she was tired and took a
vacation. She ha? now applied for a posi
tion in the Oakland School Department.
Page-Peck Wedding
ALAMEDA, Gal., April 21.— The wed
ding this evening at the Unitarian Church
of Miss Laura Gertrude Peck and Herbert
A. Pa^e was quite an event in local so- !
ciety. Invitations to the number of 500 !
and over had been issued for the church
ceremony. The maid of honor was Miss
Maud Metter, the daughter of George R.
Metter. the superintendent of the Pacific
Coast Oil Works. The bride^mnids were
the Misses Edna Gillis of Stockton. Carrol
Baldwin, Olita Hunt and Edith Brown of
this city. Tho best man was Willard
Francis and \he ushers J. H. Rossitter,
George Lamb, Edward T. Shaw and
Frederick Young .cry, all of this city.
After the church ceremony a reception
was given ths bridal party at tbe home of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles 8. Peck. 2057 Cen
tral avenue. The groom is a young gen
tleman connected with the San Francisco
bouse of Palmer & Rey.
Spring Art Exhibition.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 21.— The spring
exhibition of paintings and drawings by
I the members of tbe Alameda Art League
; will take place on the 29. i and 30th of tnis
i month and the Ist of May. Additional
I space has been provided, and it is ex
! pected that the exhibition will be & great
success.
Anti-Expectoration In Washington.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. April 21.— Dr. Mc-
Lean, the Health Officer, has received an
application lrora Health Officer Wood
ward of Washington, D. C, for a copy of
the anti-expectoration ordinance of this
city. Ii is evident t at an effort is to be
made to adopt such a regulation at the
National capital.
Drooped Dead.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 21. —Joseph
I W. Maguire dropped dead this afternoon
;at his home, 1297 Weber street. Heart
i failure was the cause. He was 61 years of
| ace and the fatnor of James W. Maguire,
I a San Francisco accountant.
WOMEN CLUBS ENTERTAIN
Miss Georgia Cayvan h the
Guest of Honor at the
Century.
Interesting Progr mms Presented at
the Opn Meeting of the
Laurel Ha .
Yesterday was an active one in women
club circles. The Century gave a delight
ful recepiion In honor of the charming
and talented actress Miss Georgia Cavvan,
who is so earnestly interested in woman
and her ways; and the Laura. Hall Club
held one of their open meetings ai their
rooms in Beathoyen Hall. Savoy builiiinsr.
At the Laurel Hall the entertainment
was furnished entirely by the club mem
bers, who contributed many original es
says and roems. Not a man was visible,
und in spite cf tbi« dismsl state of things
tyerything went off merrily and smooth. y.
The i'entury depended on outside talent
for the entertainment of their memters
and guests, and although ihere were no
gentlemen in attendance two crept in to
help swell th« general excellence of the
programme.
Alter ilie entertainment the guests had
Kussinn lea and exchanged compliments
with Mist Cayyan.
The Century Ciuo's programme was as
follows:
Trio, violin, 'cello and piano, !.*o. II opus
G6 (Mende:c*ohn). Miss Ames, Miss BeCsie
Aim-*, Miss Wilson; son/, "Gold Ro Is Benentn
Me" (Rubin-teh), Robert Bien, \V a. Sabln
oci ompanist; flute solo, in) Rosemary ldvlle
(U. iiay Wyshmii), (6) Feiaommeu (TeUchak)
ri. Ci»v Wysnani ; violin iota, Miss Am s;
gone, •'Anfentha.t" (Schubert), Robert Blen"
Boehir. Hate solo, H. Clay Wysnmu.
The following i>rogrnrnme was rre
sfiited by the members of the Laurel Hall
Club:
Piano solo, "TarantMle" (Pasmore) Mrs. J
Ct»*l*tl«nsen;p<«per, "Arbitratioti. .he Prestige
ot Our Fuiure," Mrs. Ira P. H»i;t; bmlid Mrs.
L. S. Anderson; original poem. The S ee'est
P.est," Mrs. Km:.y Browne Powell: an old
fashioned chnr«ic.er sketch "Betsy Bumblt-,"
Mrs. Thotuns W. Collins; cavanna^'Adaio del
P.ssatu" (La Traviaia), Mrs. J. M. Pierce
p. per, "The Shadow of a Tuought," Mrs L. ( .'
Lane; leading, "The Tale of Two Cities"
(uharles Dickens-). >Irn. Charles Freeman
Johnson.
SocialUt Street Virelinjj.
The Socialists bad their open-air meeting
at the corner of Grant avenue and Market
■ ireet .last night. As-lstant ; City Organizer
Civ- Braun announced that froni now ou meet
ings would be held, regularly during the dry
Beaaoa. • •#;:•*■-,:
AGAIN WERE THE
FAVORITES BEATEN
Ingleside Furnished a Bon
bon Full of Sur
prises.
•
Salvab'e Easily Downed in the
Handicap b/ Doable
Quick.
G org? Millar L»d the 2 to 5 Chance
Caesarian Oa'— Flashlight Unp ac:d
In the Hurdle Ev.nt.
The usual large attendance of ladies
were present at Ingleside yetterday to
take advantage of the free gate, and as
one after another of the six favorites were
slaughtered, many of them experienced
quite a profitable day. as the fair sex sel
dom play short-priced horses. The weather
was cermet for racing purposes, and the
finishes close and exciting
K.smore, a 10 to 1 shot, led all the way
in the four-furlong scramble for two-year
olds, and won cleverly, a length in front
of Key Salazar, the second choice. Flash
inetoii was third.
The sulking Redskin was made a warm
13 to 20 favorite for the mile and a fur
long selling affair, and, after running part
of the distance under restraint, tell back
and was unplaced. Grady, the 5 1 . to 1
second choice, took the lead after paislng
the stand, and, never afterward headed,
won by less than a length from Peter the
Second. Earl Cochran, alsto 1 shot, was
a close third.
Salvable, with 118 pounds up, was con
sidered a certainty for the seven-furlong
handicap, and was heavily backed at
evens. Willie Martin, who had the mount,
?aw in the stretch that the chase after the
7 to 1 outsider, Double Quick, was a fruit
less one, and contented nimself with tak
ing the place, less than a length before
Nebuchadnezzar. The winner was piloted
by Clawson mid packed 109 pounds.
There was another big upset in the
mile and a furlong handicap hurdle
event, with ten jumpers facing the issue.
i Flashlight, (\itli 163 pounds in the saddle,
went to the post an 11 to 10 choice, but
appeared to poor advantage, evidently
being unable to negotiate the weight.
Andy Blalceley's horse Snowdown, a 3 to
1 chance in th«« bettinp, made all the run
ning and won comparatively easy from
Huntsman. Tuxedo was a close third,
witli the favorite ending up in fourth po
sition.
The eleven starters in the firth event
over a mile were a cheap lot, and the air
was rife with good thing*. La Mascota
was a timid sort of 3 to 1 favorite, find
after running well for six furlongs died
j away. Encino, r.n 8 to 1 shot, led from
i start to finish, leadin* Tom Elmore, a 12
to 1 outsider, past the wire by live length;.
Tenacity was third.
Csesarian, the 2 to 5 favorite in the final
rive-furlone dash, also went astray. Badly
bumped three furlongs from the wire, he
lost three or more lengths thereby, and
Ht the end was beaten out a neck by George
Miller,against which 6 and 7 to 1 was laid.
NOTES.
; Mike Hennessy, who rode Elsmore in
tbe opening dasii, was lined $50 and
restricted to riding for tbe Burns A
Waterb ouse stable for appropriating tbe
rail position. According to the pro
gramme bis position at tbe barrier was
: eigntb.
Tbe bandicapper has made public the
following list of weights for the starters
in the Ingleside stake at four miles soon
to be decided:
Lucrezia Borgia 92:FairFaih 105
Navy Blue 95 i All Ov«-r 108
Libertine la > St Lee 114
Hazard 98 Cicero 100
Cr. accudo 1-- Gran nan 114
l.ovdal 109 Tbornhill 11 a
Burmah 104 St Jacob ; 1112
Motitalvo 104' Judge Denny '05
O. H -Morris 110 Semper L~x 105
Jun os 105 Lobenenia 109
Chijl'i Dauce lU2 Key del Kundllos ...110
Won't Dance 98 ■ axe shore 116
Tbeßa^belor 104 Percent 109
Kedskln lit) ( Salvation |JM
Captive 110 Deers!ayer. 122
Danilen 114 Srh 11 r 112
Yanga eu« 90 Billy Mcflos^ey 911
Kamsin 105 Marcel 109
Pepper 114 ! Foremost 103
Little Bob 100 Flammlier 90
Collins lOti Ttie Winner 12.2
imp. ru.lertoti La<s. 95Keform VO
Kir Vassar 1.5 Wawona 104
\S heel of Fortune 114
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, five-eighths of a mile, two-year-olds,
selling.
h~6 < inlay 108: 887 Aluminum 102
8 8 Cimn. 99 630 Ited Fox 102
891 Sadie Mliwur.z.n. 891 Maifca 99
*>7o Santa M<irie.... 99 Kalavar. lu2
feß7 The beat 108 887 habanb 99
Kou cue NV heel 95* ( Imp l'r«stunplO2
tj<j7 Key -a1««ar....103 \>abrin» colt.. 102
, Second race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
S 559 Detective, by | 883 Sea Spra* 103
Comit 103 t>92 GrovarC 103
872 .M0ba1ava......10(l 888 Midlo 100
873 Nervoso 103 683 Paimemon MM
889 Tat Murphy. ...lo3 8-»9 Kowalstcy 103
BHrt LlK'.e H 98 799 La Flecba...... 98
bB6 Bicitdo 103
, 1 hlrd race, one ana a sixteenth miles.
891$ Imp. Trance.... 108 614 Marcel 108
(861)LuaCo.or«do ..115; 85P Lobe.i*ula 118
... .PeppT 113 osß*eui.aia 109
' 862 Santuzza. 104 MJti Vinctor 113
" fourth race, selling, on- mile.
849 Two Cheers.... 107 899 Miss Ruth. ....105
- Kh.> C'h rieirißgne... hn; 7tM Joe X 106
; HU'l Scorcher US! HHI Coda 101
. 83U lamella 101 871 Velo.T 88
: »69Chp|<te 91 6-48 Boreas 110
■ Fifth race, »el In?, on • mile.
839 Kefucee 103 (88 1 1 Unity 10
(b9s)Tulare...: 91! biA San .Marco 103
M»5 Neon a.' H<- 86i Ji>e 'Jerry.. JOti
851 Hora.lo 106! BM Midas 110
b95 Mercutio....... dl I 863 Don cl.ire.iclo. 91
' 872 Daylight.. lUti H-8 Ail 15urhan.ii: .10 5
: HiS Knniia...:.... 86
' Mxih race, three-year-olds, sevenelghtlis of a
mile.
752 Billy Vice 115 84 The Plunger.. .104
89 > Vn.cl:or 112 893 Ad Andrew.... ll2
: 868 Caudiana 10. Btiß Sly 107
895 Lou Lull 107 885 Klenzl ....112
727 M«. tor Ll* 708 Lady Hum.. ..107
837 Fannys 1021 Lvc <y Star. lU4
878 Alma lt»7 89i Cogent 107
Stl-ECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
Fliat r»ce— Outlay, The Chrat, Salavar.
Second race— Mobulaaca, Pat Murphy,
KowaUky.
Third race— Pepper, Lobeugula, Imp.
Trance.
Fourth race— Camella, Charlemagne,
Sli«s Ruth.
Fifth Race — Tulare, Joe Terry, Rus
seila.
Sixth race— Vneltor, Alma, Sly.
Seldi*r'« -oap Fnctorjr Burned
. A fire brofce out shortly af :er 6 o'clock yes
terday morning in the residence of F. £.
Seider. at 46 San Bruno road. Before the fire
engines arrived the flames had si read to the
soup lactory ndjoinlne, aso owned by 'Mr.
Seller. The loss on the house and furniture
was $1500 and the damage to the soap factory
and content! wes $150. Carelessness in mak
ing a tire is supposed to be the cause of the
disaster. . ; . ; . .
; ; • ■ ■» •— — l-f-) '.-.j^.ij,
* It is asserted by typographical anthori
ties that the first Bible printed in America
wii "John Eliot- Indian Bible,", in 1663.
The language into which this Bible was
translated, is extinct, and it is said only
one or two persons are able to read it.
The fac-simile r y^TJ^ 7 ssir* ? **" *■ on ever 7 wrapper
■ignature of £**&ffi&Z%M R - V& t& CASTOKIA.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Injrle !de Racetrack. Vkedneiday. April at. S*renty
■ eighih day ot the « inter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
tQ" FlltST RACE— Mne-sixteenhs of* mile; two-year-olds; pjrsa $350.
Index. ! Horse, weight. ft.
833 ! E'sruore 110 1
860 Key i>alai!ar ...... M 10
870 i Klnsbincton 105! 6
887 Imperious .102 3
(819) Melvln Bnrnham 110! 8
, 632 : Dousterswivel.... 110 9
' 874 Twlnkler. V) 2 I".'
>>7B of York 11. lloi 2
87" Fodic....: 10^! 6
874 Tom spencer ....102 7
88- iHermnso 114 15
8»2 |L>on Luis 10"i 11
702 I st. Philip 112 4
' Rataeoy 110 ! 13
8>« jThynr. 99 14
»/4
I
:::::::
¥3
!
l Mi
61*
2 a
3h
7 1
9 1
11 1
8 1
4%
6 4*
10 1
131
12 1
15
Str
1 »
2 3
3 2
4 1
53
61
8 1
9
10
71
11
ia
14
IS
15
1 1
25
4 3 1 %
6 1
0 2
It
9 2
10
11
12
13
14
15
Hennessy. 1
i 1 lavvson
j Pigvot
Slaughter. . .
Freeman
Bo 7. man :.
Isom
Ilaalott. ........
Kno<
I Heldy
Snider
Frawley
Sh»w
Ruiz.
Hayden... ......
8 8
3 7-2
5 ;•/ *
»4?^ 3
20 SO
60 100
12 10
41) 10)
20 25
: 60 »0
4 5
60 60
10 12
BO 200
100 200
Bettinr.
Op. C!.
I
I
I
Won handily.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's 0. c, by Morello- Elsie 8. Tlme,:s6<Va.
898. CiiCO - Nl>
88 i
881
87
M 34
883
744
893
; Horse, age, weight.
''tady, 4 109 !
IVt-r 11. 5. 113'
Karl Cocbran. 4. . >■>:■
[St. Algnon, 4 10t5
; Redskwi.a 113
Moaler. 4 106;
I Examiner. 5 HO!
St. *td. 114 y, »a
7 ah 121 2%,1 2
415 V, '3 3 3h '5 4
, 6 si 12 y± a 1 ■•• 4 3
'57 64 56 2h •
2 64 4 1 4 h 8 h
* 4 1 7 61 65
! 11 y 2 5 % 7 If
St.
St. I Fin. I Jockeys.
12 IMi Cole 7777777777
5 4 '£ V 3 shaw....: .....
2 1 3 2 slaughter.
4 2 *y a Plggoti.....
3i£ 6 8 W.Martin
6 6 10 Hm.lett...
7 7 McKenna
Jockeya
9-2
12
15
4
M
200
300
tip 4
15
12
6
1-2
600
600
1. -tor;
r, Owen Bros.' b. c , by
Che«rs-<>old ■ up
O(,(j lUlliK HAv.
; purse (600.
Jn<!ex.
864
(811)
463
Bs4
884
854
Double Quick, ft..
Salvable, 4
Nebuchadnzzr, 4/
Horse, nge, weight.
I st.l v* %
* IVa i Iyt
2 3*6 ; 46
5 4 1 Kh
06 c
18 2 2 2 2
i 1 66 5 1
1 3
4 8
3 2
5 10
2 1
6
.18.
2 2
3%
5 10
4 4
6
1 3
2 I
32
44
5 10
6
1 lawson
Mar: In
Isom
Coady
Pieuott.
Reldy ;..
I Betting.
Op. CL
s?a lie Cllcq
MUs Ruth,
I California, 6
lit- Clicquot. 4.
I Miss Ruth, 5
Bad MR. Won easily. Winner, Atkln <fc Lottridge's en. c. by Bi-.ckra-Wand. Time, l:2BVi-
-900. FOCKTH
; parse »4UO.
886
880
8"4
(775)
858
665
858
751
858
Horse, age, weight. St.
Snowdown, 4... .38 8
Huntsman, 6 136 2
ITuxedo. 6 157 4
Flashlight, t> 163 1
Hvnißn. a 143 6
Gold Dust, a 148 9
brilliant, 6 128 3
8 . Apollo, a 14N 7
Dick U'ilalley. 6. 128 6
152
- h
1%
I*
*4 V,
11 1 V*
6h :u,
42 4 1
3 2 2 Mi
M. 6 2
8 6 10
"'- 8
21 76
Fell
1 %
25*
41
3 1
6 20
5iA
7 20
8
fitr. Fin. Jockey.
IV, 12 T. Murphy
2 3 iy» Stanford
6 2 8 5 Owens.
3 1 4 3 Peters.
5 2 5V- Cairns.
4 1 620 Wilklns
20 7 100 Venables
8 8 Ambrose
Allen.
•i
15
4
1
10
30
SO
16
30
5-2
12
7
1
15
30
60
VI
100
I
Good start.
Won easily. Winner, A. CJ. Blake:y'a b. c, by
Time, 2:06*4.
901. " FXH
puns »360.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
893 hnclno, 4 10
466 Tom Klmore, 6...10
797 Tenacity, 4 10.
843 La Maacola. 4.... 9!
B*l Gov. Budd. 4 10
►94 Leonville, 6. 10!
820 Bueno. 5 11
858 Lifle Scot. 5 10!
886 MoliieK, 5 10;
750 Dennis, 4 1' I
861 I Hotspur, a 101
4
5
1
2
3
6
7
9
10
11
8
1 5
6h
3Vi
2 h
4 1
So*
8h
9 a
7 i
11
Vt
15
514
31
2 1
41
«h
8 1
V*:
11
10
13
7 V a
3 1
2 1
4 1
5 1
6 1
11
92
8 1
10 2
1 4
S3*
2h
52
81
4 2
9 1
73
10 2
11
14
2 5
314
* -I
6 1
62
72
84
94
10 10
11
Thompson
Slaughter
Picgott
Frawley ........
i Bettint.
Op. Cl.
8
12
5
3
30
10
5-2
15
5
50
30
8
8
7
3
200
16
4
16
6
160
20 (f
1 Bozemaa.
Clawson
Hennessy
Snider.
Cole
McKenna
Stevens.
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Farrar <fe Tuberviile's eh. c, by imp. Brutus-May D. Time,
1:44
902. "***
; purse (400.
.'Tone, age, weight.
Betting.
Op 01.
689 '
(884) '
869
!
:«eorsr Miller, a.. 141
fipsurian, 5 144
Kufalba, 3 117
F.orlmcl, X 117
Clan- X, 6 139
I.Scotch Rose, 3.. ..124
Belarlc. 4 181
! Kitty Brady, 4...129
2
4
7
5
3
1
6
8
42
8h
7h
6 10
1 1
24
6 2
8
3 2
4 1
7 2
62
12
53
8
21
31
73
6 I
\*
\*
1 h
2 10
IS*
61
6 6
7 10
8
I W. Martin
T>. Shields
Shaw
slau-hter ......
Cochran .'.
Hennessy
Wilkins ....
Meadows
4 5.
3-5 2-&
63 8O
'20 25
60 SOU
4; ' -. 4
300 1000
3K> 80U
"'B42' )
I
I
Good sturt. Won driving.
Winner, W. L, Stnnfiel'i's h. c., by Loftin-Emma. Time, 1 -.0314.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.— The faculty at tha State University will donbtlm
hnve several other things to think about during the next few days besides giving
examinations and visiting high schools. Ninety-eight's "Blue and Gold" appeared
to-ilay and is reclete with jibes, joshes, digs and doggerel on the faculty mombers.
Caricatures on the most grave and dignified of the college preceptors abound. Under
the heading, "Swift Members of the Faculty." appears a story on the bicycling "profs"
with miniature cuts of President Keliogg, Professors Bradley. Rising, Clapp ana
Gayley on wheels. President Kellogg is represented as coa-ting down a steep de
clivity, on his way to market, bareheaded and with a market-basket under his arm.
In the story on the faculty "bikers" it says of Professor Gayley that he is completely
carried away by the bicycle, to the utter neglect of home duties. '-This explains why
the professor has ceased to perambulate the baby-carriage of late." In telling of Pro
fessor Bradley's exploits the Blue and Gold "josher" cites an instance when recently
the rhetorician was held up by the Town Marshal for coasting on the sidewaik.
Profes-or Some comes in for the subject of a little college fuu and Professor
Thomas R. Bacon ana Governor Budd are caricatured as attending the annnal
intercollegiate football game together. Though the hits on members of the
faculty and students are not so bold and raw as those of '96'a annual, yet they are
even more stinging, becnuse hidden beneath a multitude of cleverly arranged words
and sentences. The book as a whole is recognized as being as clever a production of
the Kind as has ever gone out from the university.
The editors and managers are as follows: Editor-in-chief, G. J. Rector; assistant
editors — A. H. Allen, Miss Centennia Barto, Allen L. Chickering, James Hopper,
Mary McCleave, C. K. O»borne, Emily 0. Rusenstirn, L. W. Scammon; artists— E. W.
btadtmul er, E. L. G. Steeie, If. R. Thayer; bu«iness manager, Laslie C. Mott; assist
ant managers— Harry A. Budd, Alex E. G aham, Clarence M. Dickerson, Josep.i W.
Leggett, Leon Roos and Miss Veronica Durlicy.
HE SWAM LIKE A FISH.
H F. Brewer L w red a Word's
Record at the Lurline
Baths.
The Natator Coveie 440 Yards in the
Time of 6 Minutes aa i 24 1-2
S n co d .
A world's record in swimmint: wns
made last evening at the Lurline Baths.
H. T. Brewer, the Lnrline's crack short
ana mi tile distance swimmer, swnm 410
yard& in tiie official time of 6 mm. 24>£ sec,
which was the slowest t.me of three
watches held by the mo9t accurate timers
of the Pacific Amaieur Athletic Associa
tion.
Cavill, the Australian champion swim
mer, is said to have held the record op to
iast evening. His time is stated 10 have
been 6 mm. 26 sec. The tank in which
Brewer accomplished such a remarkable
performance is W;£ feet in width, and aa a
consequence tlie swimmer bad to make
qiiite a number ol laps before he com
pleted the distance. He received a g:eat
ovation when tbe> announcement that be
bad broken a world's record was made.
T he rirst event on the programme wns a
half mile race, in which Geddes, Cornell
and Schii!te participated. The contes
was won by Cornell in 14 mm. 18 sec,
Geddes second in 14 rain. 36 1-5 sec.
The second svent was a 220-yard dash,
which was won by Hawthorne in 3 mm.
15 3-5 sec, Cornell second in 3 mm. 28 1-5
s c. The last of the swimming events was
a 44Q-vard race, in wb eh Brewer and Cor
nell were the only contestants, and the
race was won handily by Brewer in the
time- already atatcl.
Fancy diving by Cornell. Pomin, Geddei
ami Hartman was a very interesting
affair, but the exhibitions of high diving
by Professor A. Coblyn were features of
the evening's natatorial sport which re
ceived well-merited applause. His so
called fire leap from one of the high
perches was very exciting.
After the tournament challenges were
in order. Clyde Hawthorn of Santa Cruz
is very anxious to swim Renear 100 yards
lat three different places. He names the
I Lnrliue baths, Sutro baths and Santa
.Cruz as the places at which the contests
are to be held, and the winner of two out
of three events to be declared champion
short-dis ar.ee swimmer of the coast.
£. P. Stalls chal.engf-s any of the win
ners of the tournament to swim hm any
distance they may name, from 220 yards
un to one milr, Hawthorn, Brewer and
Cornell preferred.
The centtemeu who officiated at the
tournament wer« banqueted last evening
by the managers of the Lurline baths.
A bripht little newspaper— The Indian
Guide —is pub.i^hed nt the Sho«hone
(Wyo.) Agency, the editor and printers
all hem* full-blr>oled re.iaKirs.
/^"V J? r »J&ibbon's Dispensary,
Jflftn''"'"* Established
HHrjl',' 1 *54 for the treatment of Private
S&LJJBdaM IMsew.es, Lost Manhood. Debility or
"ffii JflSfflt disease wearing on body 111 1 mind and
VHSffiwW S K! n Diieoses. I'hp doctor cures
JHK.BB.H others fail. Try him. Chargr»s low.
w>Mß< PiT»«;u»raniffd. CiUlorwrita.
Or. I. V. ui«B9*!r. Sox lWT.S*aFrttac£o»'
1112
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J T Burke, San Rafael E Downs, Portland
C M Wooster, San Jose F: C HearJ. Kureka
L l^ess, Chicago M J sseidenberg X V
0 H Floto 4 w, Chicago E W Hnl ••. Sa.to
Mis H Diland, Watsonvl R M Bonet, Los Angeles
HC Johnson, San Diego W II Youns. Santa Rosa
J A Laing, Vacavi le B H Shopman * w. 111
HerrCarl Wxtbpr.Belgm Prof Holero, Chicago
J C CrooWx. Hay wards J B Maude, Riverside
Mrs 1' J-ang A w.diicago Mißi B l.ang, Chicago
E Jones, Vallejo H Moses, I on An-eies
F Carol. San Diego Miss Martin, Woodland
H Johnson, Portland
PALACE HOTEL
It Eowdell, San Jose J Tocuson <fe w. Woodlnd
L D Jucks. t>anta Rosa .1 F f-heehan, Stanford
W Fairbanks CliicaEO -Mrs Ll> Jacks, Sta Hosa
J L early. Philadelphia R W HI", sau Pedro
M S Davis, Saiita Kosa Col Ii I- vanston*w,Rcotd
J H Fllckinper, San Jose Mts E D Churchill, Napa
Miss Churchill, Napa Mrs M M Davia, S'a Rosa
J Farrell, N V A \V Marklev, >" V
F" Marklev. N V Mrs H Cnurrh. Pa
MrsC Keller. Pa H Gray. C.iro
Mrs Gray, Cairo R M Powers, San Diego
H H Dur>ea. .V V OP Jenkins, Stanford
Mrs VcLaugblln, Cal Miss McLaugbiin, Cal
F' F Ward, Oakland W H Wood, liochester
F. W Marston, uakiand Mrs Marslon, Oakland
J Garwuod, Stockton Mrs J (iarwood.Stockton
H Disque, Colfax U H Pitcher, Livermore
W T Mntth. FJIko h. N Bripcs, Elko
A C Wbittridge-. N "S AD We'd, Boston
F" W Thayer, Boston Mrs A C H hittridge, N V
J A Dole, Pomoua •
GRAND HOTEL.
T J Rohan. Saclo G Newman, aacto
H C Ross Jr <fe w, Sai-to E T Hawk, Stcto
RV V Klnsbroutrti, bacto Mrs ». F; Merrick, Carton
I)r T Koss. sacto M Hooper. Mo<lesto
M G Agulrre, Los Ang A Brown, Walnut Grove
F' H Gould, Stockton M Mays, -an Rafael
J P Mason. Los Aneo >s A 1 Gardiner. S cto
A Boweo, Marysville C B Anderson, Marysvlle
H V Trenneth, Cal W Ilayo. Los Anpeles
J Cash. Los Auireles '• 1 iingford A w, Kureka
t E Hanna. Chicago Dr C A 1 ugglfcs. Stockton
F: A Freeman, .l»iv>on G H Monioe Fresno
R J Rushlnc.PinkDcyvleC (; Dodge, santaßarbara
G H Bourlml.ll, lacotua H T Koardman, 1 acoma
C W F'oote San I-li-go Fit fiend xson, Kureka
P Kuhlin.in. New York B M Itosen berg. I'kiah
E J Moffatt, X Berkeley Dr J P Christ*!, Mo. Cruz
H B (Jill's &«, Yroka H I Seymour, Sacto
G lompkin*. s.iii .! --f L J Mai dux. Mo ;esto
W C ICc Andrews&w.Cal W H Branson, Clyde
Dr E A tsmlth, Sta Clara Mrs M C sealon. stocktn
B F stoll. Sacramento .1 1' Farley. Rochester
J I) Match. Chico J Kasclo, San Andreas
1 A Hook, Chicago .Miss D U Guise. Washtn
W C FIOIO. Modesto 1" Arensberß, Portland
W PMatbews. >acto Miss R Hoam, Stockton
Miss M K'Btn, Stockton itllarth, Sacramento
W W DouglHt. sneto V Aiason, Sacrameuto
T SiO'.t sa»ratuento J A Cuut:insham, sacto
Miss HoIbrOOK, Sacto
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
9P& YERBA BURMA CHAP- II
: * 7 ter No. I, Knights Rose ffl \
Crolx— Election of officers THIS Rl
(THURSDAY) EVENING. April -2, \f\
atBo'c:ock. GEO. J. HOB*, bee. U
r^3s= CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. m
•V-^ andA.M.. will meet THIS (THURS- i\
DAY) EVENING. April 22. at 7:30 o'clock. VT 2T
Third degree. By ordTof the maser. /v>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
n^S" DORIC LODGE No 216 F. AND ' m
•^-^ A. M.. 121 Eddy sU— tailed meeting Ik
THIS (THURSDAY) > VKNING nt 7:30 "WJf
o'clock. Third degree. Master Masons ln/V>
good standin are Invited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH Secretary.
ftsS> THE SAN FRANCISCO SLOT- v « j
m~JP tish Thistle Club meets THIS 3S, QkJji
(THIJKSU^Y) KVKM.V., at Froter- -*kx£*
nlty Hall, 32 O'Farrell s:.. at 8 u'c ock. t25^E
lieiu.ar monthly "smoker."
J. HILL, AcMns Hoyal Chief.
George W. Patekson, Kecorder. ,>
SPECIAL NOTICE 3. \
%rs* THEY tELL all KINDS OF DRY
W*& good*, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
towels, table-covers, laces, embroidery, Unities, !
trimmings, veiling, etc., very cheap at Pioneer i
Dry-goods store. 105 Fifth sU
f£3y» THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
tt~^ Asylum and Home Socie y hereby give
notice that they have admitted i 'to the orphanage
from January 1, 1897, to date, the following' half- I
orphan girls and boys. viz. : David Joseph, aged
10 years 10 months; Robert Joseph, nged 8 years
5 months; Milton Juresch, aged 3 years: Dottle i
Meyer, aged 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3 j
years William Stlyerman, a^erl 13 years: David j
Siverrnun, Hged 11 years; Joseph Silverman, aged i
8 years; Albert Silvtsrmao. aged 4 years 6 montns:
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; Ralph Deutch,
a. t ■ : - years.
R^ss» NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
W~& the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St.
has received the following orphan and half-or-
phan glils from December 31, 1896. to April 1. |
1897: Ci.rrie Elizabeth Nickerson, 8 rears 1
mon.h: Cecile Hilloise Williamson, 9 years; Char-
lotte Mnntanya, 8 years 8 months; Pbceba Mon-
ti.ri.vß. 5 years 11 months; Mllfred Nelson. 12
years 9 montns; Helen Beatrice Keglan, 1 year:
Eisie May Knodsin. 8 yean 10 months: Mabel
Dannevig. 10 years 4 months: Lillian Dannevig. 5
years 1 month; Fdith Howard, lUyea-s3 months;
Nellie Simons. 11 years 2 months: Harriet Flor-
ence Cdlum, 6 years; Madom Sharp, 1 year 8
months.
R^S» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4:
ft-*' rollertions made: city or country. Pacific '
lo]lfct:on Co.. 415 Montcy «'... room 6: tel. &580. j
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
QCANDINAVIAN SECOND GIRL WITH
i- best of references wants fitnation. Apply to
J. F. CBOSRIT & CO, 316 Suiter st.
•VEAT GERMAN HOUSEGIRL, WITH 5
J-^ years' reference, $20 to $25, city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 316 suiter st.
■EXPERIENCED NURSE FOX CONFINE-
XJ mentor other sickness, desires engagements:
Ixst city ref.: terms moderate. Call or address
Nurse, 115 Seventh St., room 1.
"OEBPECTABLE GERMAN MIDDLE-AGED
XV man and wife wish positions in boarding-
house: wife pood cook: man todochoies. Apply
this office or 130 Second si. \
■yOUNG GIRI* 13 YEARS OLD, WOULD
X like a place taking care of children and doing a
little liehi housework; sleep home. Apply nt 166
Tehama st. .
you.NO Parisian lady IN reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
fcousekeeuer in hotel, whior/ei's .or bachelor's
home: will do pl*in sewioe. 1122 MarKet, rm. 31. !
I. ASTKKN YOUNG LADY. ACCOMPLI
v an 1 experienced, wants a place as housekeeper
In bachelor's or widower's home, Room 2, 223
Post R.
~\V IDOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSJC-
*» keeper; ' will do plain sewing at home. Call
821 Mission St., room 6.
ELDERLY LADY WISHES POSITION IN
small private family. 226 Filbert St.
WOMAN WITH A YOUNG CHILD WISHES
TT to do housework; city or country. M. C, 227
Second st.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day washing, ironing, cleaning, eC. Address
418 Day st., near Noe . .
p ERMAN GIRL: GOOD COOK AND HOUSE-
VI keeper. Call or address 1623% Turk su
ESP^CTABLF. GERMAN GIRL WANTS
XV situation as cook in private family; wa«s
$'<&. Apply 560 Howard si.
-yOUNO GIKt APPRENTICE ON CLOAKS.
X 534 Jessie au
T>Y COMPETENT SCOTCH GIRL, SECOND
JJ work and sewing or waiting: wages $25: city
reference; hours 2 to 5. 772 Bryant, near Sixth.
"IJELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
XV the day to do washing, lrouinic or- housoclean-
Ing. Please call 103ti Potrero aye., near 2Hd st.
yOOXO WO>I\NFOR HOUSEWORK, CITY
X or country; good references. Please call or
address 7 14 Point Lobos eve.
ELDERY' LADY WISHES LIGHT HOUSE-
work: small wage*: city or country: with nice
family. . 270 Minna, off Fourth. ■, ...;■
pOMPETENT SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD
\J like some washing and ironing and houseclean-
lug by tne day: first class laundress. ' : 16 Morris
aye., net. Fifth and Sixth, Harrison and Bryant.
KESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS PLACE IN
Xv private family: Is first-class ccok; or would do
chambcrworK. Call 6ttl Howard.
YOUNG NORWEGIAN GIKL WISHES NICK
X Christian home to work; must be Protestant.
137 1 oisom St. - . • .' ■ ■
"Y»r ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
" In city or country, or position as steward-is
on a deep-water vesieL Apply 109 Giant aye.,
room 12.
\i IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTs SITUA-
J-'l lion to do housework; city or country. 460
Minna st. ■
pOMPKTENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
v to do general housework:, will, woric for low
wages; good city reference. '367 Jessie, nr. Fifth.
■yOUNG LADY DESIRES : POSITION" AS
X nurse to an invnlld. helpless person or infant.
Address 2805 Slxteoith st. : ca;l Thursday. . :; ■
Swkdi>h GIRL Wants place TO DO
general housework; city or country. Call 91 4
Natoma sU • ..•=• ;
COMPETENT GIRL DESIRES PLACE FOR
V^ second work and waiting; references. 1625
Post st. ■
•yOU NO WOMAN (PROTESTANT) WOULD
X like situ>ilou as second girl: 8 years' refer-
ence; wages $1:5. Address 2106 a Ltavemvonh st.
YOUNG WIDOW WITH SEVERAL YKARS'
X experience desires .place as housekeeper In
hotel, bache or's or widower's home; 'no objection
to country. Room 2, 223 Pos. si. - • ■ ,
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
i to do Housework. Y. W. 'C A.. 1221 O'Farrell.
i
FITI3ATIONS WANTED- Contlnn«4.
YOUNG LADY OF REFINEMENT DESIRES
X position 01 trust- Call 1346 Market s:., rm 2.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS IO GET SOME
washing and cleaning by the day : no objection
to city or country. Call at 6 Treat aye., near
Thirteentn st.
"you NO GIRL TO DO PLAIN COOKING AND
X make herself generally useful. Apply at 15
Kissllnc, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth, Howard ana
IfoUOSD. .-.
ORACIICAL AND ATTRACTIVE YOUNG
X lady desires to secure a place as • writer and
stenographer; no objection to country. Booms. 3
and 4, 309 -utter su
ANTED— BY AN EXPERIENCED GIRL,
TT a place to do general housework; good cook:
nice laundress: wages not less than $26. Address
250 I /2 Minna sU
V ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's family or for bachelor: best refer-
ences: city or coun.iy. M. A., 1653 Fifth su,
Oakland.
WASTED- SITUATION TO DO GENERAL.
it housework In Oakland. Call or address 964
Cypress st., Oakland.
pOODOIRI., 14 YEARS OLD. WANTS PLACE
\J in family to work or attend children. V. D.,
box 13, Call Office.
pKRMAN GIRL WISHES WORK AS COOK
*\J or second girl; wages $'^0; references. 1813
Dupont.
I 7« IRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WISHES '>ITU-
at'on in private family: best of city reference;
no objection to country. 548 Natoma.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIABLE
■TV disposition ueslres a potitiun as typewriter or
copyisu 120 Va Geary St., room 2, first floor.
yoi'NG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X as housekeeper in widower's household. R. 1,
106 Fourth St.
f'lß LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JIO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
VOUSO LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place: good disposition: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home;- city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post su
KEF' IN ED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
XV French widow desires m place as housekeeper
or companion. Room 2, 1-2 Post su
WOMAN WISHES POSITION IN COUNTRY
as working housekeeper. 612 Howard.
WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO DO CHAM-
TT berwork. 44 Perry St.
VTEAT GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
Xi sisw ilgtit housework or mind child. Call
14iny a Sacramento st.
f*l ' LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ul «J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOUSO LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 121 Montgomery st.. room 8.
yoUXO FRENCH < IRL WANTS PLACE TO
Xdo light upstair* work: rlrst-class reference
given. Address P. M , box 106, call Office.
yoVXli LADY OF GOOD APPEARANCE
X desires position in dry-goods store, speaking
good French: no objection to smail wages. Ad-
dress A. M., box 106, Ca 1 Oftice.
EXPERIE^CKD AMERICAN WOMAN DE-
J~J sires position as c .umLi-rmatd In hotel, lodg-
Inz-house or private family; good sewer. Ameri-
can Wcman. box 49, Call Otlice.
GOOD WASHER WISHES FAMILY SMALL
or Infant's washing. Address KNIGHT, 105
Prospect place. .
yoUNG ACCOMPLISHED EASTERN WIDOW
X desires a place as managing housekeeper:
bachelor's or widower's home preferred; will do
plain sewing. Room 3. 12OVs Geary St.
SITUATIONS WANTED HALE.
PHINKSE & JAPAN FSE; ESI" D 20 YEARS:
Vbelp-.leLmaln 1997. BRADLEY & CJ..640 Clay
TTIIKST-CLASS ENGLISH BUTLER AND
-I valet with the very best of references declres a
sit tint ion. Apply to J. F. CROsETI >& CO., 316
utter su
HA )Y MAN. CAN ILK, DRIVE AND DO
garden work, wishes sitna ion; best refer-
ences. ANDRE'S, 3JB Stockton su
WANTED— BY AN ELDERLY MAN PLACE
TT as cook, chore*, etc.; small wages. Address
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market su
HLNI ER i CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, removed to t>l4- Califor-
nia su, I. car Keurnr. 'lei. main 23L
pUINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J Office: best help. 414i»<s O'Farrell. Tel. X 428.
JAPANESE, CHINESE FMPLOYMT OFFICE:
O waiters, housecleaners. 30 Geary; tel. red 143.
SAM KEE— CHINESE AN D J A PUNKSK EM-
ploymeut office. 611 y% Busbsu. nr. Grant aye,
JAPA.stSI-; ■ I.NTr-LLiUfcM;*: AGENCY. K.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, b Eddy st. . Tel .<ain 5234.
AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
ple, private place; | man understands care of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work: wife
Competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54, Call office, i
YOUNG:. MAN wants work: PRIVATE
X place; care for cows, hordes, garden, general
(boring: good reference. Address M. W., box 4,
Call O.uce.
YOUNG MAN WITH A YEAR'S EXPERI-
X ence as barber wants a position: will work a
few days free; can give the best of references.
912 Howard su
STUDENT WISHES TO WORK MUIIT.S
and mornings for his board. L., Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
IRST-CLAS-S RETAIL CANDY-MAKER
wants employment; city or country. Address
O. It., 21 Pond at.
MAN, YOUNG, SINGLE, AS GARDENER,
milk, etc., 5 years' referenda. P. s.. 134
•Fourth su
.
MAN AND WIFE WANT ANY KIND OF
work; city or country. 142 Townseud, la rear.
('lf; LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu CALL: subscriptions and want ad< taken.
pAKPENTER WANTS WORK: IS AN EX-
\J pen. on leaky roofs; repairing old work a
j specialty. Address S. a., box 85, Call.
L" IRST-CLASS COOK WISHES A SITUA-
F tion: ho.el or restaurant; city or country. 72
Juniper si. -JKBM
SW COP.. SIXTEENTH »T., >KAK MIS
slon; branch office ot 'liii Cau. but/-
ecrlptions and want ads taken.
\ -1 SALESMAN. CASHIER, BOOKKEEPER.
-' • with finest references wants position: speaks
alio German ai.d French. C. L., box 68, CalL
WANTED-tJITUATION AS MINK FORE-
" man by a practical miner, with best of refer-
' ences. Adures.s Miner, box 6'J, Call Office.
OItGANI-T AND CHOIRMASTER WANTS
a position; thoroughly competent and experi-
enced. 610 O'Farrell si.
J> RANCH OFFICE OFTHECALL. 167 NINTH
JL) su— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
POSITION WANTED BY CARPENTER IN
X wholesale house or by teal estate firm. Box 60,
this office.
| __ !
JAPANESE (VERY YOUNG . BOY) WANTS
«J situation as schoolboy : 'wages no object. Ad-
dress T. 8., box 16 this office.
JAPANESE cook want* situation TO
(J do washing and housework; wages $30 up:
good references. Address B. F., box 9/, thinoflice.
=97 MONTGOMERY CORNER OF CLAY—.
<>~t open until 9:30 o'clock: branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
IPKW ROOMS TO CARE FOR BY RELIABLE
T party. Address IS. li., h>x 109, Call office.
lir ANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN A POSI-
TT lion as porter and shipping clerk; has had
ai /ii year.1 1 experience in last place. Address Por-
ter, box 65, Call office. ■ -
STEADY BOY, AGE 16, RESIDING WITH
O parents, desires situation. '/.. V., box 153. i all.
/ 1 AI'.DENER, THOROUGHLY EXI'K-
VJ rlcnctd, Scotch, wants situation: best of tes-
timonials. AddiessY. Z., box 77. ibis office.
ENGLISHMAN WANTS SITUATION. ON
XJ gentleman's place; good groom; can milk
cows, etc ; references. A. C, lox 93, 1 all Office.
p ERMAN WISHES SITUATION: L'NDER-
\J elands care of horses, gardening, etc, ; handy
man around tbe place; good references, H., box
• 79, call Office.
YOUNG MANDKSIKKB POSITION OF ANY
' J. kind: handy with tools: good driver and under-
stands care or horses: country pret " red - Address
J. W. 8 , 940 McAlli.ter st
A MERICAN MAN AND WIFE WANT SITU-
XV ations on ranch or dairy: man so. 1 milker-
wife good cook. Address J. H.. 952 Howard su '
/•1C LAKKIN-BRANCH 'OFFICE OP THE
\JXU CALL. Subscriptions and .want ads taken.
ft] r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
VJXcJ.CALL. (subscriptions and want ads taken.
pENTLKMAN 36. UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
VJT tion. speaking 6 lai guaees well, desires posi-
tion as mantuer, instructor or companion in pri-
vate family; salary lust question: excellent refer-
ences. : Please . address S. P. !»TER.N AU, 814 Lar-
kin su »  .
< SITION WAN 1 ED BY FIRST-CLASS CUT-
ter and tailor: reference given. Cutter, box 9.
Cull Office. ,■: • ■••-•; r.'-v ■> • . \
POSITION AS HELPER IN MEAT MARKET;
X some experience; honest, . sober and reliable;
references Kiven. Address 11. C. LA UR>KN. 627
Commercial st. • • ••-,
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
«ITUATIONS WAKTED-ContlnnMl.
POSITION WANTED AS ASSISTANT MIN-
X ing superintendent or full charge of small prop-
erty by young man of good habits; surveyor, book-
keeper and ussayer; best references. Address H.
W.. box 60, Call Office. ;
Cl BONG BOY, 17 YEARS OF AOE, WISHES
O to work on a ranch. - 1206 Polk su
T^UKSE, VALET AND ATTENDANT WILL
-»■' live services 1b return for fare to England:
'' ' 2 years' experience; references, fccoi, Call
Office, Oakland.
■yOUNG MAN, 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
X mercantile trade, wants position in office or
any kind of work. Aadress C. E. II , box 91, Call.
OXOi- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
£OJj\) want ads taken for THK CALL.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms .5r 10 SI 50 per nlcht:
(1 60 to 90 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and ba;gnse to anil from tte terry.
FEMALE HELP 'WANTED.
NEAT YOUNG WAITRESS, NICE COUN-
1> try place, $20 and found: call early. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay su
BODY IRONKR, COUNTRY LAUNDRY, $1
day and board; see party here 10 o'clock this
morning. MUukay <fc READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 631 and 636 Clay su
WOMAN, WITH CHILD, ON KANCH NEAR
cty: see boss here K:3J o'clock tb s morning.
MUR ;aY <& READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"WAITRESS, HOTEL, CITY, «20; WAIT-
*» ress. liote 1 , country, $20; 3 waitresses, restau-
rants. $5; cook, hotel. $35; chamtermaid, hotel,
nearcft.r, $15: German cook, private family, $20;
girl, hem-work, Oakland, $-0; girl, housework,
country, $25: elrl, housework, country, $15; 7
housework girls, $15 and $20. C. R. HANaEN <fc
CO.. 110 Geary tt.
IKONEHB, SAME PLACE, COUNTRY, $20
•- and found; chambermaid, near city, $15: wait-
ress, city hotel, $20. C. H. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary su
-\y ANTED— 2 OOKS, WASH AND IRON,
" $3J; 2 German nurse and second girls, $25;
waiter, country hotel, $20 and fare paid: German
maid »nd seamstress, $15: girls for houi.worlt,
Redwood City, $^5; M. lie en.i, $25: Ran Maieo,
$20; 1 rotestant girls for cooking and housework,
$2uands2s: waitress for rentauran., 5sJ a week:
»;!ils to asss', $12 ana $15. Apuy to J. F.
tBOSKTT <fc CO., 316 Sutler su
\\; ANTKD-2 GKRMAN OR FRENCH COOKS
'» for small boarding-houses, $30 and $35: Eng-
lish or German nur.-e, 525; French nurse, country,
*".0: German second. $20: German or French
cook, $35. LEON ANDRE, 308 Stockton su
ANTED— YOUNG OXBti FOR LIGHT
second work and maid. $17 60. Call at
LEON ANDKi-.'S, 3JB Stockton at.
GIRL TO LEARN DRESSMAKING: GIRI-,
Pacific st. $20: girl, Harrison St., $16: siri.
Tavlorsu, $15: girl, Broadway. $20: girl, Gi roy,
$15: girl, -, (>•• st., $20; girl. Golden Gale aye.,
$16: Kirl, Oakland. $16: girl for ties. Cal., #20:
elrl. Pierce s:.. $16: g rl, O'Farrell su, $15: girl,
Vallejo st., *25; girl, Gough st., $20; 1.3 young
girls, $8, $10 and $12 >>• month; assist, etc.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market si.
A GIRLS FOR CHAMR-iRWOKK AND WAIT,
"j $15 and room, call early: 10 rood waitresses,
$5 a week; 3 waitresses, no Sunday work; lunch
and dinner waitress. >. Alt 1 IN it 10., 749 Market.
IRONER, COUNTRY LAUNDRY, $35. MAR-
TIN .v CO., 749 Market su
HOUSEWORK GIRL, KURKKA, $25; MlLl<-
woon, $25: Hanford, $J0; 8 housework girls,
city and country, $'.0 and $25: 6 younic girls to
assU l. $10 to $16. iilss CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
GERMAN SECOND GIRL, $.0. MISS CUL-
VT LEN, 323 Sutler st.
"WORKING HWU KKKEPKR, WITH A
>» child, $15. MlaS i ULLEN, 323 Butter st.
OOK, $35: SrCONDGIRL, BKRKKLKY, «25;
) fc-au Maieo, $20. MIS-« CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
SECOND GIRL. $25: WAITRESS, f 25. MISS
CULLEN, ; 23 Sutler st.
p ERMAN COOK, INSTITUTION, $30. MISS
U CULLEN. 323 .-u:ier St.
GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL-
VT dren and assist, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 306
Mason st.
pHAMBERif AID, ASSIST \*^ITINO, SHORT
\J dls auc«\ summer resort, $20; call early. MRS.
LA.MBt.HT, 306 Mason SU
«_) GERMAN GIRL**. $24 AND $16: 2 FRENCH
•-> cook«, $25 and $.0; 6 girl*, any nationality.
general housework, $'«0 and $15. MRS. bl'E.\-
(Kit, 1321 r.ir< at.. Alameda.
\\r ANT D — COOKS, CHAMBERMAIDS,
TT nur^eerls and girls for housework. MKo.
HIRD, 721 Ellis »t.
yoi'SU GIKL GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
X p. ain cookln:, for fnmliy of 4 adults; wages
$15: references required. Call 1612 bcott St.,
Thursday, 9 to 1 o'clock.
WANTED - SPANISH OR PORTUGUESE
TT lady housekeeper. Address JOSE COSTA,
167 Nintti st.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND \V AN ADS FOR THK
Call taken at branca uShco. 334 Hayed mi.;
open until a :.>j o'clock.
\\r A N T E D— O P ERATORS OX LADIES' AND
TT children'!* wear: fauury experience. MARKS
BRO-., 10« Sixth st
V\r ANTKD— GOOD MEDIUM. 129 THIRD ST.,
TT room 8.
FIKST-CLAbS CHAMBERMAID. CALL 10
1 o'clock. 126 Fifth at.
r ANTED— A YOUNG GIKL TO ASSIST IN
TT general housework. Inquire 236 Twelfth su
L INISHERS ON CUSTOM COATS; STEADY
X work; cool wages. 106 Battery st.
GIRL AS PANTS OPERATOR AND ALSO A
finisher; steady work. 131 Vi Ed ly st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; GOOD
cook; Sin family. 706 a Gueirerost. -
I. IRsT-CLASS TAILOREoa BOWHAY. 604
1 sutler st.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING ANDGBN-
VJ eral hou-enork; wages $15. IV3 Taylor sU
WANI ED — GIRL FOR BAKEKY. COR.
How. rd and Eleventh sts.
EXPKRIhNCED FINISHERS, LADIKS' TAI-
-1-4 lor jackets and waists. A. KAHN, 142 Geary.
EX.'KtUKNCED HANDS ON LaDIE-5'
waists and wrappers, s. STEUER, 416y 2 Ellis.
W ED— till: L FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
TT work: wage«sl2. 724Po«tsu
YOUNG LADY OF GOOD APPEARANCE.
X Hypnotic Institute, 1346 Market s:.
l»-\ C LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Ultl CALL. . Subscriptions and want ads taken.
GOOD HANDS ON VESTS; ALSO APPREN-
tIce of experience. 641 Stevenson su
APPRENTICE TO LEARN DRESSMAKING
-.' V thoroughly. 121 Post si., room 45.
[YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Inquire 2114 Devlsadero su
4 M AKKr.I ST.— BRANCH OFFICiS OK THiC
Call: want ad* and subscriptions taken.
ANTED— 2 GOOD WAITRESSES; WAGE*
$5 week. 106 Second st.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c; rail and see our mammoth Ins.i ulion.
MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post SU
n't - LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\Ji-O Call: subscriptions and want ad*, taken.
rpAILORES^ON CUSTOM COATS ANDMAKE
X buttonholes: good wages. 140 Rum m.. in rear.
SF. bRKSS-CUTTING SCUO' L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPKCTABLK;
111 Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
201) rooms: 25c to $1 bJ per night; $1 60 to $i
per week: free 'bus and tmcirac to and from ferry.
MALE HELP .WANTED.
CA TEAMSTER!* FOR LARGE BANKING
O\t company to build a large canal. $20 and
found: 2 and 4 horses: stead job. MURRAY ,t
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
63b Cay St.: telephone Main 6818.
.in FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINKYARD
"I VI hnnda. *25, $-oand $!.'.; 6 milkers, $25 and
820; butter- maker. 125 to $30: 10 wo >d<'hoppera.
$1 10 per c>rd: 2 chore boy s lor ranch's. ♦18 and
$10; old man to do chores. $10: rheep-shearer: 5
laborers to learn a trade, $15 and found. MUR-
KAY & RFADY, leading Employment Agents,
634 and 6£6 Clay St.; telephone Main 6848. .
mURNER FOR A PLANING-MILL AND
1 furniture factory. $2 60 day. steady job an i
Increase in wages: wheelwright. $2 60 day: o». k-
smUh's assistant. $1 60 day. 20 quarry men ,*1 75
auds2d»y. MChttAY READY, Leadimc Em-
ploymeut Agents, 634 and 636 Clay at. Telephone
6848...; . ■ . . ' . . , :-.!j'ilV
6 COOKS, SOU, «r,0,540. $30; COOK AND WIFE,
$40; 6 waiters, $30 and $25; 2 short order
cooks, $10 week: 4 dishwashers, $16 and $20:
Japanese cook, $5 week, fare paid: boy fur a city
store.-. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sU . Telephone
6848. . .... -v ;
ANTED-COOK FOR HOTEL. COUNTRY,
1 TT south. $35: cimk, city. $40; waiter for coun-
try restaurant, $40:- night waiter, oyster-house,
$10 week; Miller, small family. $25: young Ger-
man to tend bar, etc., $15. LEON ANDRE'S, 308
Stock li v su
COATMAKKftS .WANTED. APPLY AT 11
J A. ii. at Stevenson-jit, entrance to CHARLES
LYONS'. London Tailor, 721 Market at. ! ■
fTT.t.V WANTED— Contlnn—*.
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER FOR
1 ' small private railroad in California; must be a
fair machinist and hay* good references: . salary
$90 a month: apply in persou only; noleuers. \\.
D E WKR A Co.V 626 lay st.
W ANTED— BLACKSMITH FOR COUNTRY
iT shop, $2 60 to $3 a day; b acksmith, fl5 a
week: haraeshoer for country shop $2 a dap;
blaiksmith and carriage painter for Nevada. $60
and tound. W. D. KWK.it A CO., 626 Clay st. ■
ANTED— 2 FARMERS FOR SACUAMENTO
!. c Jr unl >'' *20; farmers .-onoma County. $15
and $20: farmer to plow and cultivate in lorn, $20
and found: 2 milkers, $20 and found: also team-
stern, farmer*, cooks, waiters, etc. W. D. EWER
<t Co , 6 . « clay at.
wanted— waiter for small coffee
11 saloon, $7 a week, German preferred; neat
dunwasher for restaurant, *15 a month; night
cook, $30. W. D. H.WKR & CO., 62»» Clay St.
X\r ANTED — FIRST-CLASS COOPER FOR
TT large winery, lun»lob. 60c pet pucica?e and
board: apply in person oaly. W. D. KWEtt A CO.,
626 Clay sU
G 1 ARDKNER, WITH GOOD REFKRENCK-,
1 to take charae of hotel grounds, country, $26
and found, see party here; farmer for a fruit and
poultry much. $20; farmer, $15: cnoreraan, alO
to $16; timber-feller for the wood*. $35 and found;
swamper. $30 and found: 2 farmers who can dr ye
8 horses, $20. c. R. HANS-fc-N A CO., 110 Geary.
T AUNDRYMAN AND WIFE TO WASH AND'
XJ iron, $50; man to run Tyler machine, #35;
band-washor, $26: French laundryman, $^6,
lrouer, $25, for country laundries. C. K. HAS-
SEN 4 0.. 110 Geary st.
COOK AND WIFE, SMALL COUNTRY RKS-
taurant, $35. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
t>eary bu
6 SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN QUA i TZ-
miners, $2 76 a day. C. R. HANSEN a CO.,
110 Geary st.
A QUARTZ-MINUhS WHO CAN STRIKE
tJ doub .-handed, $2 75 a day. G R. HANSEN
• CO., 110 Geary st.
0 NIGHT COOKS, $7 A WEEK ; COOK and
0 helper, $.sa. room, etc. ; second baker, $25 and
room, restaurant iorter, $20; 3 second cooks. $7
a week, restaurant worn; second cook. $30 and,
room. MAR iIN A CO- 749 Market st.
\\rAlTElt FOR MODESTO. CAL.. $'25 AND
TT room ; ca 1 early. MARTIN <fe CO., 7*9 Mar-
ket st.
{JOY FOR BAKERY: ERRAND-BOY; BOVIO
*> wash dishes; boy for ranch. MARTIN A CO.,
749 Market
\IAN AND WIFE. RESTAURANT COOK
i" and helper, $35 and room. MARTIN A CO.,
1 43 Market su ■ .
r AITER, CITY. $25 AND ROOM; LUNCH
" ana dini.er waiter. MARTIN A CO., 7*9
Market.
1 A MORE MEN TO PICK PEAS. MARTIN A
XV CO., 749 Market su
RANCUHANDS; SMALL. RANCHES; $16,
etc. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
SHIP'S CA. PE.VTKR AND SKAMAN FOR
trip to Alaska. HE KM AN, 637 Clay sU
MAN FOR CHICKEN RANCH. MARTIN
A CO., 749 Market st
\y ANTED— YOUNG M AN TO DRIVE DKLIV-
iT ,ry wacon. $1 day; 2 blacksmiths, $30 and
found ann *2 60 day; oid man to care for 1 oultry.
$6 and found: farmers, *20: milker. $25; 4 wo»<l-
choppers, redwood and pine 4-ft. wood 1 year's
work. 7oc and $1 cord; sblng> and shake boll
makers. $1 35 and $1 90 cord, and others. Apply
to J. F. C KOBE 'IT A CO.. 62a Sacramento bu
WANTED— BOY TO ASSIST IN RESTAU-
TT rant; JO cooks: waiters and oilier*. Apply to
J. F. CROs.is.TT J6 Co.. 628 Sacramento st.
"ly'-VNIKD- HARNKSS-MAKKR TO REPAIR
11 lot of team harness. App.y befoie 12 o'clock
Brickyard. I. arbor View.
SEAMKN FOR ALASKA. HONOLULU AND
coasting vessels. Apply L. LEVY, Mi cor.
Battery and JacK.on sts.
WANTED— SEE I'D SCOTCiJ MAN OR
11 Irishman that can best me pitching quoits at
Thompson's place, terminus Powell-at. cable-cars.
ALEX. BUiUNs.
OOQ HAYKS 6T.— BRANCH OFFICB OF
• >•'•/ lan Call; »ueacrlpiiona auu wiuu ads
taken.
GOOD BUSHELMAN WANTED; ONE WHO
can make coats also. Til. E. KENT, 697
Mission su
"yOUNG MAN.GERMAN, FOR COFFEE SA-
X toon: one willing to work; kitchen and walu
1736 Devisadero s:.
GERMAN BOY WANTKD, 17 TO 18 YEARS
\J of age. to work In coalynra atari grocery-store.
JOHN WOHLER, 40 Tehnn.ii s.
FIRsT-CLASS COATMAKER-* FOR COUN.
try. KEISS BRo.-«. A CO., 26 utter si.
L'IRSI-CLaSS TAILORH TO WORK ON
x ladies' coats. BOWII AY, 604 Sutler a:.
SEAMKN ON COALIVO VESSELS AND HON-
olulu and .Mexlca 9J4 Kearny s:.. upstairs.
AGE-PAINTERS AT A-OWNEYBKOS.'
\J 429 Ninth st.
TysHWASHER AT i'o6 ELLIS STREET.
VOUXO MAN To WASH DISHES; $10 A
X month. Call at 9a. m., 160 1 hlrd st.
Presskr WANTED on LADIES' tailor-
Ins. 1« Turk su
W" ANTED— FIRST-CLASS WAITER. 15
if StocKton st.
MAN AH PARTNER IN CIGAR FACTORY
.-i; '. store: help wanted: but small capital re-
quired; go d business and a bargain. 20.' McAl-
lister st.
ANTED-TO BUY AN INTEREST IN A
TT country barber-shop. Address D., box 47,
Call Office.
W" ANTED— 3 STEADY MEN FOR COUNTRY
1* positions; must have $0 expense money. 777
Market v.
OOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
OOu (.all: «übttcrlptlons and want ads taken.
LADY' W 1 Sill- 8 WORKING PARTNER
with some capital: good-paring busln«ss; will
bear investigation. Call 930 1 /2 Mis ion, room 2.
IMNE MhXICAN LKATHER STAMPER.
I: »"-'i^ Geary su, room 47. ,
pOATMAKKRs WANTED— CALL AT ROOM
\J 419, 927 Market si., between 7 and 8 o'clock.
SHOEMAKER WANTED — FIRST-CLASS
man on repairing. 420 McAllister su
L>ARBER>-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCIIS, 325 Grant aye.
IOURNKYMKN BARKERS' KMPLO I!
O »e*r«ary .11. BERNARD. 10-' i-eTenth sU
SrC BARBKR-SHOP: MUST SELL TO^
•j) • •'. day; 2 revolving chairs and fixtures.
241 Third su
BAMBKR-SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 2
D chairs steady; must be told. Call 112 a Firo.
"DARBER-SHOP FOR SALE, RUNNING 8
XJ chairs. Apply 36 Eddy st.
FIRST-CL\SB SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR
new sen ed work. 2140 Fillmore at.
WANTED— MAN TO DRIVE DELIVERY
wagon and collect; city: must furnlih $150
security. Addreis M.. all Branch, Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
"MARKERS— GOOD 16-CENT SHOP: MUST
-L) sell. 1944 .Market, near Gougb.
QHOKMAKER ON REPAIRING; 2 MEN ON
0 new wort. 202F!t.hst.
W ANTED— BLACKSMITH AND HELPER,
" 306 Fourth su . •
QJI S|i CHANCE; STEADY MAN AS PART-
•„ I •»■'. ner; fine old-established saloon. 805
Howard st.
"W ANTED— 3 STEADY MEN FOR COUNTRY
TT positions; mutt have $5 expense money. I Ap-
ply 9 Geary st., room 2.
P. 97 IIU.N'IUUMUHt' ST., BRANCH OFFICE
•)— i li'luic Call; waut. ads Mid auoscrlpUoat
taken. • '• V"
ANTED— 2 OR 3 MECHANIC-* TO ROOM
TT in private family: board optional: cheaprent:
location Fourth su, near Bryaut. Address B. s.,
box 40, Call Ollice.
IRbT-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
X International Union Free Employment Bureau.
34 Fourth *v. the Modern. L Le:s.->, Secretary. '
OCOi" MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OP
—«J — U 'lan call; wbacrlpUoiM ■ma waul ada
taken.
ADIKS' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
' fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission si.
O/lftA PAIR. ANOTHER LOT SHOES,
4.\)Vj \J been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 662
Mission st.. bet. Flistaud second.
ANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade: shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required, s. F. Barber College, 138i£ Eighth.
ELCHo H - KS tt<>3 Vi JIAKKKi ST.— I..WOJIJ
20c. 26c to M)o til nt; «1 to $2 weeic
THE ROSEDALE. 821 CHEAPEST
i. and best lodging- bouse north of Market su ;
\\T ANThD-I.ABOHERS A« D MECHANIC!!*
11 to know that i.d Kolkin. Reno House proprie-
for. situ mas Denver House, 217 Third su : iiJ
large rooms; -60 per night; $1 to 93 per week.
ESIMOA WANTS IUO Mr.\ lo i.tT BOD
. lie txt-r or wine 6c ; Im-s; free lunch. 643c1a/.
1 £»7 NINTH «T. —BRANCH OFFICE OP
lvii 'in* calls . aubscripuou and : want ads.
taken. "
HELP WANTKD-Contlnued. '
RESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED, 'DIPLOMAS
XV filled out A All kinds of penwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH. Heald's Bnslnrss College, 24 Post i>k
VOR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CKN-
X: iral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1634 Market St.. bet.
Lark In end City Hall aye., or 7W Mission sU;
large stock: new and second-band shoes on sale;
shoes made .0 order, any style, $3 up.
SINGLE ROOMS 10.7 AND 15c NIGHT, .600
and 75c week. Lindell House. Mxtb and liotvad.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tak Call, subscriptions and
want ads taken.
A\ ANTED.TOIOLLECrWA'.KSDLKLABOR-
" ers*clerks KN OX Collection Ate.-, 1 10 Suiter.
r P*>.V ACMii iIoUSK. t:>/ HAKK> 1' ST.. Bii-
X low hixttv. tor a room: I.V nlgi::-. $1 a«e»».
ROOMS. 16c TO 75c PER NI<.JIT: 50c 'IO $1 50
S-Xi Der ween. Oriental. 225 Druiaiu »t.
WANT ad» and SUBSCRIPTIONS for
TT Tux Call are taken at Branch ulllw south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s;s.
I (\(\ MJUI TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC I*3
X\J\J and 20c a nlgbt, Including vodtai aIU ioUv
t"4 Washington st. . near Kearuy.
BE>T IN CITY— SINGLE HOuMS, 15, 20 ANU
25 cents per night: $1, $1 »5. $1 50 per wea*.
Paclnc Home. Commercial and l.ei(Jesrtor*t sts.
WANTED-SINGLfc ROOMS. 16c A DAY: $1
»» week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. $1 60 * w«U;
reading-room-, dally papen.' 36 Clay st.
lNCHfcslhK HOUSE, 44 'IHIRD ST.. NX.
'» Mars*:; 200 room% 250 a night: readme-
room: free hm and baTHgw to ami from the terry
AGENTS WANTED.
Vir ANTED- AGENTS, EITHER SEX TO
ii sell cho cc go d mining company share- : large
commissions' paid; full particulars, prospect us,
etc, tree. Aduress CHAS. MARTIN A CO., Min-
ing StocK Brokers. Seattle, Wash.
rpißE^. 60 pairs, perfect 97 firsts,
X full guarantee; best warranted garden hose
from 4 cents; mackintoshes and full line rubber
at factory prices. Mineralize* Rubber Co., New
York. Agents wanted.
DIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
-U tifieis, Kg ptian Enamel, Medicated Cerate.
BUILKK, 131 Post st.
BOARDING WANTED.
MAN AND WIFE (NO CHILDREN) WISH
rooms and board 111 private family; must be
reasonable. .M., box 47, this office.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED FOR LADY
and 2 chi:aen, 3 and 6. Address 8 Essex su,
Rincon Hill.
ROOMS WANTED.
2OR 3 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS; 15 MIX-
»J utes' walk Kearuy st.; 10 to $12. Address G.
P., box 60. Call.
! ,
WAXTED-MISCKLLAXEOUs.
BUILDINGS JIUI bUi; LUMBER, HASHED
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale, lltid Mission »-..
SELL IuUR BOOKS, CLOTHING A.M> Jjirt-
O elrir 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth »t.: ; ,n.i poii%L
educational.
ANPKhSoN'S ACAHEMY AND SCHOOL OF
Xv Matbetuatics: pupils prepared In day and
evening classes and by privatu lessons for Cailor-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. It., 402 Parrot*, bid?.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
/•".locution. 1215 Octavla st., s-an Francisco.
Mll-S ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Protestor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the fcchool of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa..
teacher. Office days. Friday p. M . Saturday a. m.
EALD'M BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business < practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering; M teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ' ;'-
AYRES-, THK V LEADING COLLEGE, 321
Montgomery st.: Individual Instruction la
ibortband, typing. bookkeepiuj. telegraphy, etc.:
I'.ie sciiolarshln $50: low ratei per week and rat.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils n-hearsed
; en stage. R. & and 12. 1.U0.F. block. 7tn end MkU
1 ■ . — _ _
LEO COOPEK. -SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. 014 Geary st.
NGINKKHINU SCHOOL; Mh.CH.. ELEC
XU civil, mining, sorvey, assay, arcblf.. X ray '
tanitht: es.lHß*. A. VAN PER NAILLEN.9B3 MKt
BOOKKPNG. WRUNG. ARITHJIIC. GRAMA,
day & night: noclatneii: $3 month. H4& Missloa.
T) ANJO TA CGIIT ToBEGINNKRS, 25 CENTS
XJ per lesson. Addresi A., box 76, Call Office.
PIANO, GERMAN, 75c: PUPIL LEIPSICCON-
X Eervatory and German High School. 110 Hydest
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE:
French, ><ei man languates; $J ma 109 '1 aylor.
IiiTAR. MANDOLIN. Pi ANo ANU VoC-».-
VJT .mirn $:■! mo. Mary Westhan*. 39 Fifth.
ÜB^CRIPTIONs AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch othce, i.aa ll»>c» t>u;
open until t« :M o'clocic
X.OST.
T OST— GOING FROM NATOMA AND SIXTH
XJ sts. to Folsom, a lady's gold watch, initials E.
K. - Liberal reward if returned to 23 Clara sU
I OST— PARTIES HAVING ENGLISH PUG
-J (male), lost April 16, return to 1716 Van Ness
aye.; reward.
Lost— a passbook with thehibeknia
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
tho name of KM.MA CKAM; No. 212252. The
finder will please return to the bank.
1 OST— LARGE. BLACK. YOUNG NEW-
-I i found 1 and dog; license 1637; liberal reward.
641 California st.
OST— SMALL SCOTCH COLLIE DOG. FK-
J male; brown, with white mar Kings. Finuer
will recPIVH liberal reward on returning to 35 Dor-
land St., off Guerrero, bet. 17th and lHth.
LOST— WHITE ANGORA CAT; BLUE EYES;
reward. 2115 Hyde s:.
.FOUND.
SMALL RED COW— CAMK TO 240 NEVADA
O aye. : owner can recover by paying charge.
FOB SAIE-51ISCKLLASEOUS.
APRHITY LITTLE DIAMOND STUD FOR $5
cost $20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
Un» SALE— NO. 'i REMINGTON TV PE-
-F writer; fine order. 638 Mission st.
ffl»*>nn SCHOONER. NEARLY NEW; 25
tjD^VJV/. tons. Wharf, Walnut st., Alameda.
piIEAP, ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE;
\J complete y furniihea ark; will exenange lor
park lots or lease for summer. Belvedere, box 94,
Call Office. - - •-. - ; .
I ATHKS, PLANERS. SHAVER>, DRILL-
Xj pressers, gaa-engines; second hand. 515 Sixth.
FOR SALE— 22- FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM-
plete; skiff and moorings. 68 First st.
T ARGE Fr.ESH DURHAM COW; * RICH
XJ milk, 20 quarts a day; gentle. 1312 Folsum st.
$(l(| AKRMOTKH WINDMILL AND 2000-
- gallon tank, In good condition, together
with galvanized piping, for sale. Apply of the
owner, 3824 Nineteenth st.
ACNCH FOR SALE; 25 FEET, 6Vi BEAM;
J cabin; 6 horsepower; ■ $900; new. L., box 41.
call nice. . . \
SAFES— NKW AND SECONDHAND. 609
Market st. . '
BICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, $45; BIG
bargains in second-bands. Waverley Retail.
21ti McAllister st, Wholesa.c, 61 Firs: su
ft?-FOOT PORCELAIN BA'I H'i'UßS fly EACH;
v) In perfect order. H. H. WHI'iE, 51tt Mission. 1
\TEW CASH-KKGISTERS FOX BALK 11RTU
i-i rent. MAi.ilii,, 130 Sansomc at., room 9.
i>oiLKRs,EXuiNEs,2D-jttANi» MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes.' Mclnlosh A Wolpman, 137 Beala.
COrhEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PIIR.HS,
V stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHKLV-
X) ing, etc., bought and sold. 1003 Mission, nr. 7th.
LAhGE double compautmh;^!' coin
XJ bank saf«; cheap, b Mission st. "i'~ /.'::'
Li ARS, BACK. BARS, .mirrors, . SHOW-
XJ cases,' counters, llnoleam, office furniture,
(tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second band. J. NOON Art, IUI7-IUIV-IU2I-102J
Mission bu. above Sixth. . . ,
.\TKW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
X>.W. a RAY MFG. CO« 12 California su
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZS
lire and burglar proof safe, loa-11 1 Market at
. ATTOENETS-AT-LAW.
VICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A HPEC-
XI laity; private; no fee without success: prolate.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.: private detectives: estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
J\- cessfuL W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Maritet st.
KW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHROX
• Kit building; advwe ires- lowttcs; all cues
11I>1\KSS CHANCES.
©QAA FINE SALOON BUSINESS A FEW
•POUU. doors north of Market St., in the vicin-
ity of the Baldwin Hotel; old established; well-
known pla>e; one of the must handsomely fur- I
nl<hed p aces of this kind in the city; has a fine '
clnss of trade: is doing excellent paying business; j
rent reasonable; easily wor h $1500 to any on;;
trial allowed, M. LK.-S, 6 Fourth su
QjOCA PARTNER WANTED IN MANU-
ttf)^cH/. facturing lu-iiruss; established 9year»;
owner has Government position; must sell at
once; Investigate. M. LE-s, 5 Fourth su
I p ROCK RY BUSINESS (WITHOUT BAR) IN
! y* busiest location: good horse and wagon: has a
j Kind paying cash trade; bargain. M. LESS, &
| Fourth su
i C{ 1 9/JA SALOON; ONE OF THE FINEST
•IP I *-"". and oldest places; in Immediate vi-
I ci ity of many large theaters: elegant private
I room*; magnificent fixtures; clears $160 to $-00
per month. M. Lfc.ss, 5 Fourth st.
'QlOrf! CORNER FAMILY x LIQUOR
*£l\f\i\.f. st-re: principal street in heart or city:
positively $1500 slock on hand: must be sold at
once on account of death in family. M. LESS, 5
Fourth st.
Gjftflfi PARTNER WANTED— IN OLD-KS-
ig)VJ\J\J. tablisued 1 ouitry hiilness. in popnlar
market; good horse and wa-.on; clears $200
monthly. M. LEs-s, 5 Fourth st.
ft 1"1 ftl) RESTAURANT; ACROSS THE
«JillU", bay: entrances from two streets;
present owners In same place over 7 years: re-
ceipts over $ per m-jnth: other business came
jof sale. M. LEstf, 5 Fourth st.
ft 1 ftftft RESTAURANT IN OAKLAND:
«Jp 1 \J\t\.l. goo-* location: oocomretition; owner
lias operated lor 7 years: receipts $1000 or more
per month; owner going Easu vVILKE, 783
Market su :\\ . - .' . . t_  v  ,-. t
ffl»f»n/| SALOON ON TERMINUS OF
*£\)\l\J . streetcar line: fine fixtures; doing a
gcod business; cheap rent. WILKE, 7»3 Market.
ft^'^n CORNER SALOON: VERY BEST
*ir^O\J. location; rent $20: owner keeps 2
places: must sacrifice; a first-class bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
&('AA CORNER SALOON ON KEARNY
<IPUUU. St.: old established and money-making
place: few blocks from Chronic. c; rent $38; best
business offer. WILKE, 783 Market st.
ft'yfin SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
«(pj£.UU. close to Third and Market sts.; living-
rooms; rent $50: make offer. WILKE. 783 Market.
a-J^O BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LI V-
«U>T*JV. Ing-rooms; rent $22: a genuine good
business off-r; daily receipts $14: kept by owner
for years: rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Market. sU
ft 1 flOft RESTAURANT FOR SALE: PART
•JI)1V/UU, cash, balance on time; positive proof
that receipts are $900 or more per month: cheap
renu Apply W. F. HEALY, 917 Market St.
<B»Q7C RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
«©OIU. loon: receipts $10 to $15 per day.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market sU
RELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
-IVi brain h business: has b»en conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least $18 per
week to start with: certainty of increase; must
have $150 msh. 777 Market st., room 7.
ffl;9(|A cash ONLY— fine ROOMING
isp+*\)\J house; Van Ness aye.; pr cc $450; bal-
ance without Interest; rent tree till May 5; 14
rooms; lull: call afternoons Ask address at Call
Branch Ollice, 339 Hayes St.
FIRST-CLASS SALOON, WITH FIRST-CLASS
X profitable trade, for sale or exchange for other
property; reason, sicknes*. Address AYEHS &
CO., 465 Ninth st.. Oakland.
! rpo PROSPECTORS- I HAVE A SMALL
A amount of money I would invest in a gooa gold
mine; write full particulars; no brokers. Addie»s
H. A., box 3, Call.
SMALL CAPITAL TaKKB A MEAT MAR-
O ket established three years and prying nice
profit; investigate this. Address Bargain, box 66,
call.
CIGAR. NOTION, RESTAURANT; INCLUD-
in* two buildings: on leased ground: bargain ;
on account of retiring from business. 608Stanyan.
pOOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCERY' AND
VJ bar; b»ement attache.!. 1501 Powell sU,
cor. Vnilejo.
ESTAUKANT; CHEAP; GOOD LOCATION
must sell this month; utensils worth double
asked: investigate this. 324 Lurkln su
ftinnfl thoroughly established
ig)X\J\J\J. saloon; $400 can remain. 615 Market.
I^OR SALE— SI6O: FISH MARKET. HORSE
X and cart. 1026 Oak St., near Devisadero.
Hit lAd FRUIT AND CIGAR STORK FOR
vDx ttv/. sate. 220 y% Leaven worth 8.
HALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST SA-
loons in city. 539 California st.
CHEAP— CORNER SALOON AND ClGAR-
stand owner going East. 6161/2 Geary su
CIGAR--TAND CHEAP; RENT FREE. 639
California st.
UNUSUAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY AH
1 partner wi li some capital in successful hard-
ware and plumbing bus. ness in prospt-rt us subur-
j ban town near >au Francisco: fullest investigation
I afforded. Apply to McaFEE BROTllnxta, 108
Montgomery »v
"V\r ANTED— PARTY WITH ABOUT $5000 TO
»' Invest in a southern California enterprise,
which will pay laree leturn in a few months:
I those who have the ca-h and mean business only
need apply. Addiess Cash, box 60, Call Office.
A-OUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
X gentleman partner, lioom 2, 223 Postsu '
TO RENT— HOTEL. NEAR CITY; FINE LO-
cation: two lines of cars pass the door; good
chance. Inquire SWEENY 'B shoeslore, 37 Sixth.
fflji OC PER ACRE FOR HALF INTEREST
<IP-L.^.U in 640 acres of mineral land, 7 miles
from Randsburg. Address Land, box 77, Call.
TO LET OR FOR SALE— COR. GOTTINGEN
and Sllliman sts., 3-acre chicken ranch; new
house, 5 rooms., inquire 721 Folsoui st.
<Djftnn GROCERY AND BAR: LOW RENT;
«JpUUV. 1,0 opposition. Apply Call Ollice.
LUMBINO-SHOP. INQUIRE 660 MISSION
street
RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION-STORE;
living room: good business; cheap. 227 Ninth.
I'lrst-olass bakery for sale OR
£ renu Apply 71 2 Valencia st.
GOOD PAYING FRUITSTORE FOR SALE
cheap. Apply Call Office.
WANTED— HONEST MAN WITH $8000 TO
»» ensage in a well-established business; will
pay 30 per rent or more; a rare chance. Address
1L W., 00x79. Call Office.
, fij'y*?^ ■ SALOON; FINE LOCATION; ( HEAP
vTi^-^O. rent; good fixture*: well stocked: 4
living-rooms: worth $600; owner going East.
Apply this oliice.
ft 100 SHOEMAKER- SHOP, MACHINE
1 V/V/. md loos; urge trade; rent cheap-
owner going East. 1361. 'lentn si., Oakland.
%1 7^ «OOMING-noUSK; l-» WELL FUR-
«JTXItJ. nlshed rooms: cheap rent. Informa-
tion call 112 Ellis s .: a bargain.
<Ej9.%/\ BARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED
tflj— u\f. saloon: good stock liquors; good loca-
tion. bl2 Sacramento st, ■- «, •_• •;
RAKE CHANCE OF RENTING A SALOON
in Rood order: best locution on Fourth at B.
E., box 96. this ollice. •
RESTAURANT. 86 CHAIRS; CHEAP RENT-
good business: trial given; part cash, rest
easy payments. Address 8., box 14, Call.
EASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIRES GEN-
tleman partner. . Room 5, 850 Market st.
pROCKRY AND BAR; DOING GOOD BUSI-
■ VJ ness; cheap for cash. O. 8., box 37, Call Office.
I rpo LET-CIGAR-STORE, WITH FIXTURHS-
I X rent cheap. 17; Mlsslo.i su Ol
K hV IT AN D VKGETABLE STORE; REAtON-
-L nbl<?. 210 .< Mission, mar Seventeenth.
L'OH SALE CHEAP-NEW RESTAURANT
I 1 in leading street. 134 Powell wIALKAIIT
V" 1 ' SALE-HOME BAKKRY DOING GOOD
V business; snttaUe for man and wife; 111 bear
Inspection. Address Call office. . . ... ,
SALOON. $1UOO: GOES TO-DAY $400- GOOD
stock. . 589 California su * WOOD
.ft 10 000 TO 9 - tt - l)0) WANTED IV AN
CDIU.UUU enterurise producing and manufac-
turing a staple irt.ee of daii consum,,uo7, having
a steady sale all ov~r the Pnclliu C« alt- | n «ii
me,n will yield handsone profit and at last^l^r
i vl« k?i y , a rf. montnl - v - wl!i •>• e« ranteed If in-
>esto. ca.notgve active s rvic^s at lalrcompen-
SesV S °V < Z* i °il L^'" X " Ul cities :oTthe™o«U
Afldies* ... M.. box 148, this ollice.
GOOD-PAYING HESTAURANT FOR SALE-
VJ owner has other business. Apply 210 Drumm.
E X .m;^ I «r f N ,y XI ! GK °O-"YMAN WITH
- -LJ about $500, to invest in ivn established grocery
I e 4 : .Tan O h m" c C c? TOrreliabU '' 80t>ermM - 'a. A '
I GROCERY. AND BAR FOR SALE; TWO
I Aifr?4v° t ' Slarlc »i- Inquire CARTaN
MCCARTHY & CO., 312 Sacramento su
yOK SALK-CO/.NER GROCERY AND BAR
J. in Mlssio m well stocked and good trade; cneap
rent. Apply 224 Front st. \ . _. : ,
ITN I KlilOß AGENt OF A SAN FRANCISCO
j X momma paper. 56 Howard su, city.
j &4000 "TiOCEIiY AND bar DOING
♦T^V/VJV'. cash trade $100 d niy: full value In
»to k anl fixtures: rent low; best reasons for sell-
ing., Apply a this office. .
YOUNG WIDOW . WANTS A GENTLEMAN
-I- partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
BARG » IN; KE.TAURANT; MUST BE BOLD.
, . Apply UsVlftliM.-.-:^-^Vv ■: -
I
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNt-
~ tnre, restanrant, saloon fixture* and grocers-
stoccs. STENBEKG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
Q'(l(\f\ BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS ETC.:
»JpZv/U. good locution; rent $11: present owner
here 6 years. STENBKKG A CO., 632 Market at.
®QF;n RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION!
«J>«)OU. 5 private dining-rooms: low rent: lease;
owner has cone Fast and tins must be soU.
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market St.
C?l*)n A SALOON AND 6 FURNISHED
«©±ZUU. rooms; best corner north of Market
su; doing good busings; .presen: o-vner 8 years:
will take clear-ranch. SiJiNBEUG & CO, 63J
Market. - r^ '••
(Juof-AA BOARDING AND ROOMING
«S)Ot)UU. house: centrally located; large
grounds- low rent: 26 finely furnlsned rooms;
clears $200 a month; always fu.i: every investi-
gation. STENBERG <fc CO.. 63-' Market si.
dl linn CORNKR LIQOUR-STORE: BEST
«JP IUUU. busi.ie.ss street In city; good stock;
nicely fitted up: no better place in town for the
money. t-TENBEKG & CO., 632 Market st. .
rr~ a GROCERY AND BAR; ON OF THE
tip I O\J. best corners in Mission; large, new
stock: aolng good business: low rein; living-
rooms; no opposition. bTENBERG. 632 Markeu
© inn BUTCHERSHOP: GOOD CORNER
«3)tUU. Western Addition: rent $16 60;
including stao.e: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep. 2 calves
weekly; horse, wagon. STKNBERG, 632 Markeu
QiiOn PROVISION AND DELICACY
«3rlOV/. store: cor. Twenty-fifih and Sho.wt-n
sts.: 4 living-rooms and bath; rent $14. Inquire
on premises. . .
BUTCHER-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES:
Western Addition. 1208 Scott St.. near Eddy;
key upstairs. | V ' i"..* 1 gV ■;• ■_"
If OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
1 this paper. For particulars li quire Call OHlce.
"PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon. :if
CANDY, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
notion store for sale; Fourth St., near broad-
gauge depot. AdJress A. PILTZ. ban Rafael, CaL
FINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st.
ALF INTEREST IN HORSEMROEINR-
shop; cheap, account sickness. ' 339 Eddy sU
CITY KOUi'ii iTutt aALi'. APPLY '111.4
ofilc-\ - :'-■
LODOINO-UOUSES FOX SALE.
Qr-nn LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 WELL-
«IpDUv/. furnished rooms: cheap rent: excel-
lent location; lr yon want a bargain see this house.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth sU
C)t) BOOMS,. SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING
Z«£ »100 $1,500
17-room house, clearing $80 per month. 750
10-room house, rent only $40 250
2 -ro m boarding house, S3 50 cash '900
22 rooms, fine corner 650
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost $800, price,... 350
14 rooms on sutler: :<6O
7-room house, only 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
Qfc7£\fl HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEmT LOCA-
•1? I O\J. tion on Mark-t si.; a rare bargain;
owner is leaving for Europe. WiLKE, 783 Market.
SICKNESS COMPELS PARTY TO SELL
newly furnished house of 23 rooms at a sacri-
fice. WINSTON * THOMAS, 646 Market sU ■
T ODOING-HOUSE, 33 ROOMS, FOR BALE
XJ cheap; rent $50. 739 Fosom st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE— THE NEW
Wai lo loJging-boo*e, the best paying lodging-
ho i se In the city, running fuil steadily, is for sale,
t>s the present proprietor wishes to retire from
business, having real zed enough money to live on;
no price set; an offer wanted. Apply on premises,
765 Mission st., from 12 to 3 p, m. ; no agents.
GERMAN BOARDING-HOU*E WITH BAR
and 33 rooms; all in best condition; well filled
with steady boarders: is on a' count of sickness;
given away for any price. Flense address A. X.,
box 34, Call.
ffl»lQrt 6- ROOM I.ODGIN-G-HOUSK: NEW
tiP-lOv*. furniture: $1H rent. 167 Jessie st.
FURNITURE KOK SALE.
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED,
XJ now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every d serlption. new and2d-hand: pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing out. 126 4th.
FURNITURE 4-ROOAI FLAT. «75; RENT
-I «1«; 2 rooms rented 25 each until May 1,
1914Vs Central aye.
i^IURMTUHE, STOVES CARP:-Ts, COUN-
X ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Markeu
AYE MONEY-BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD ranges akk THE BEST
JOHN K. MEYKItS CO.. 947 Market st.
FURNITUKK WANTED..
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission su. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 13P3, you get highest cusn paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goous, pianos, libraries
EST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MUSE.,
etc. STREET CRES WELL. Auctioneers. 92 7
Market su nn.316. Houses bought m their entirely.
IF YOU WANT li(XJI) PRICKS FOR FURNI-
I tnr° unrj ir»rrhannisi» ko» j<Ußl> 'ill l.ar^l-i.
CABPET CLEANING.
TWATTS. reliable cleaning renovtg. alter-
t> .at ion works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
pARPET-»:LEANINO. 3c; LAYING, 'Sc; RUG
VJ samples free: teL Jessie 944. Stratton. 38th s-
pARPETS CLEANED, RENOV-AIED LIKB
V new. J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. TeL 8.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WoKKV
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN i
M«r. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 260.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
1T poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer
pst-beatlnq; Works. 353-57 Tehama su ; teL Sa 4 J.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN ii CO ' 407
-il. Sutler; teL Main 394. GEO. WAL.COM, prop.
pARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIK3
V-/new. 23Tentb;tcL South 36. Mackintosh <t Co.
JE. MITCHELL; CAKPET-CLEANIN«i CO..
. £40 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. ? L
0° KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WOK a.-.
) 333 uolden Gate are. Telephone East lri
MUSIC AX INSTRUMENTS.
SEEING IS BELIEVING: WE HAVE THE
b^st snap of the year and WE k no. v i:: UH'
will acknowledge it after seeing li; a recent f»;.-
ure in business causes a man to place on sale with
us a $600 piano to pay his rent; a forced sa c; tho
first caler will be the lucky one. Full particulars
of THS J. DEW ING CO., i'd floor F.ood bul.aing.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
We sell them for $:*, 34, $5, 88, $7. $3. $9, $10
per month; alsofarcasb: the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same mon:hly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN.
CLAY' <6 CO., cor. Ke«rny and gutter ' sts.. Stela-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A house west or Chicago is KOHLER <&
CHASE'S. 26. 28 and 30 o'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans aud all other musical Instruments, 01 alt
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowest:
every thins possible done to pl*aso aud »aUsfjr in*
customer,
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
anos; monthly payments from *5 up: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence '
solicited. TH!S F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Mark*; •■-, upp. M»sou, eaiao
llsbed over 20 years.
BO N A DE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Halnes. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ooa-hand pianos from $100 up. ■ w. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 524 i'osu
PIANO: GOOD TONE: IN PERFECT OR-
X rier: mu.t be sold $35. MRS. PA ING-
TON, 1625 Church su. city.
©"] OX RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
«IPX— O. Kranneu: other bargains. HORNUNO,
216 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUST SKLL:
-i"V pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
installments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
SHAW. STEINWaY, $250; CHICKEKINO,
$185; bargains, $4 a mouth; a nice small up-
right, «95. .. II^INE, 136 Ellis st.
BRUENN PIANO: WILL CHARM YOU:
see it before you buy. 228 Post su ,
LOR SALE CHEAP, 1 UPRIGHT PIANO. 304
X I i evvnth st., middle floor.
T^ EARLY NEW BABY GRAND STEIN WAY;
i.l great bargain. 1021 Van Nets aye.
BARGAIN CAN BE HAD AT MAUVAIS 1 , 769
-U Market st.: agency Decker «fc Son's pianos.
fit 9^o UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
<C?^.UV/. Bro«.'); cost $500. Apply 835 Pine st.
RARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Banfe
AT bHKKJIAS. CLAY A CO.'S ONLY » ILL
you find a stock of now stein way pianos.
VJ ' <- BAIiUKU, bOI.E A • ENT FORHALLET -
•■ •* Davis and Francis i.hchn pianos. -115 Sacto.
I^YRON MALZY. iOB Pv.sl % ST fOU.ii.Cii,
Xf 2* ewb/ it Evanv ):rigcs and other pianos.
OUPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD& NKW
►JH. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 La-.ham place.
(CHEAPEST AND BERT IN AMERIC'A-THH
wttKLV CALL, sent to an.- address In th«
L nltrd Slates or Canada one year for $1 60, post* \
■ age free. •nOUSES TO LET.
TTOUSKOF9 ROOMS: BATH, STATION ARY
XX washtubs; firs.-class order. bl9 Jessie, off 9th.
1 79H FILLMORE — VERY SUNNY; 6
J X • *-" room*; all modern; large yard; cars.. .
I 1 QfUi HOWARD, COKxm 1 R FOURTEENTH—
» OUV/ 3 sunny rooms; rent i 9.
» O(^9X TWENTIETH ST., ABOVE VALKN-
«J"- O cia— Fine twoxtory dwellng, with bath;
rent cheap. Apply 3685 Twentieth st.
• -c IT .NT . V HOME IN THE CITY; HOU>-E
Aof Id rooms, large groundvaiable, ♦•tc : rent
reasonable 10 rusionsible tenant; no wind or fog.
Corner South Broderlck si. and Buena Vista aye.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLK
money »t BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st. -".■•■
"1 99: BUSH — BUNNY HOUSE- 9 l;oi)MS: i
■» —— ' yard: rent ri-ns'-nnblt* to a sood tenant-
MJKNISIIED FLATS.
■ QfJO'^'fi FOR ADULTS, 4 COMFORTABLE
(J)--.i;U, rooms; bun: 2 tedi: 2 stoves; gas
and cat. 1917 t..-ai •!*. .
' COTTAGES TO LET.'
lr/>CO N'OO- SUNNYSIDE TRACT: 4 I
I HI rooms: new; or will sell on rental terms \
$12 month. THE MCCARTHY CO., 64t> Market, |
Q-~ RKAK~CMTTAGK, 8 BOOMS; QUIET,
J «JO. sunny. 715 ! ehama »t., near 1 lgh;h.
00 r A COTTAGE: IBV9 PKOSPKCT AYE. j
»30.0 U. Ki:qulr» grocery, corner Powpll aye.,
btt. '1 wemy-sevenin and T»«-uty-eightbsts- ■
•*) NICK 4-ROOM COTTAGES, LARGE BASE- I
■ — ment and yard; ren: $9. Harry place, Laguua, I
betv.e-'ii Filbert and Greenwich sis
UNNY < OKNKR COTTAGE. 6 R.. BATH,
large yard; low rent. Corner Capp and
Twenty-third.
K9 SUNNY MODERN 4 AND 5 ROOM COT-
— Lages; rent very reasonable. ?00b Webster.
mo LET COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
J rent $18. 449 Bryant St.
FLATS TO LET;
OCcOAK— S ROOMS. OK WILL SELL FUR-
~«J nlture on easy payments.
SUNNY LOWKR FLAT WITH YARD AND
C? cellar. 524 O'Farrell s l .
Q*l' FOR 3 ROOMS; $7 50 FOR 4 RoOM<:
•; U clean r.nd pleasant. 2 Alas&a place, near j
- Mason and Bay sts. ' •-
Q> I D UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH, !
"tip « O. 16.53 3 Pine St . above Van Ness aye.
I \u You Want A NK\v* flat ok cot- j
XJ toge; cheap. See fcPrCK & CO., 60J Mar.et.
1 If\C POST— a 4 ANt 5 ROOM FLATS;
' 1 i \f\J baths: garden: rent $15. "
"L-LATS LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: CELLAR;
a $9. 29 Ringold St., near Ninth and Fo.som.
V 1 LAT. 3 ROOMS. CORNER MCALLISTER
X and Polk sis.
a>"lt\ 6 LARGE ROOMS: 2 STORY, WITH
t&J.\J. large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- i:fth
Bt., rear Castro.
$18-6 rooms: porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
n., near Twenty-sixth.
HB— Lower flat: 14)1 Guerrero st., near Army;
6 rooms; porceluln.
til.: 4 O'FARKELL, N! AR BRODERICK—
— . I «>~T sunny side: lar^e 6-room flat, with bath
and other modern conveniences: has two large
. si-para c rear roims: rent reduced to $-0; niuil
be seen to be appreciated.
VLAT FLAT 6 SISSY ROOMS. $15; ALSO
1> sunny cottage, f 11. Key 623 tecona su .
QOAOAX, NKAR PARK— 3-ROOM FLAT;
OSAJ 59: nice order. "^.;:':,:
-l 7 1 f\ HYDE — UPPER FLAT; 7 CHOICE
i I JU sunny rooms; modern; garden: $27 50.
1? LATS TO LET FOR VEKY LITTLE
' money at BALDWIN & HOWKLL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery s(.
C;-! - LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
«^I»J. 19th: 5 rooms: poicolaln bath.
/ -HEAf MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
.\ ' rooms. $S to «16; <»« th«m. ft2S *-'venth St.
lIOIJSKKKKPING- KOOMS.
»■!■> mi; Street.
,r I 1 BRYANT ST.. NEAR THIRD—
i) 1 1 sunny suite; running water. $10 per month.
luily Street.
Ql fr KDDY— 3 OR 3 UNFURNISHED OK
t/lu furnished rooms: private family. .
Essex Street. -. :"»i/^
BESSF.X— 3.0R 4 ROOMS. FURNISHED AND
C lurg* yard.
i 1. . Ii • tree:.
■I f\7 FIFTH — PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
X \) I nishod rooms to let.
•.'1 1 FIFTH— sUNNY, . FRONT. BAY-WIN-
•' I 'i do« room and klicben; bath; no children;
private: $12.
A 9>. 1 FIFTH— FRONT ROOM' AND KITCH-
"ri*-t S en; for housekeeping: first. floor.
Golden Gate Avenue.
< - > 9fk GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 OR 8 SUNNY
SO*lU iront housekeeping; also parlor floor.
Of\O GOLDEN GATK-A LARGE DIMNO-
OWOrcom and kitchen for housekeeping: $12.
0 1 1 GOLDEN Gy lE— NEWLY FURNISHED
Oil connecting room > ; also single room.
1 A(\A "OLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 FURNISHED
Xrx.\J~i housekeeping rooms, $11;: also large
single, 5.
Howard' Street.
TH A HOWAKD. COR. THIRD-FINELY FI'R-
•U "1 ninhed sunuy front rooms, cheap: also
housekeeping.
1 1 ,19 HOWARD — NIC E, FUKMKHKD
Xl*}— rooms, rent 14; with board $15; also
transient. . * ,
1 Ci(\U. XOWARD-BUNNY KM.; CO •. PLETE
IUV/U for housek'pluj; : private family: rent $6
OfiMO HOWARD— FURNISHED KOIIMS
Z.\J\JO for light housekpg: g»s; . private family.
nCMUe -neo..
070 JESSIE, NEAR UNITED BTATES
0I O Mint— 2 housekeeping rooms; only 910.
Lafayette Street.
01 1 LA FAYKTTE. BET.. ELEVENTH AND
• J.l 2 1 weliLh— 2 unfurnished rooms; rent $7. >
l»ikin Si raw.. ■' "
A9Q LARKIN ST. —SUNNY FURNISHED
i*-.'* rooms for housekeeping: front single or
suit, $7 up. . . /.j, ;-;.-..-,. - ? .-
-•urn i Streoi.
F.AC! MtNNA — FUR.sIsHED ROOMS FOR
Oil) housekeeping; large yard.
Mission Street.
II or\ MISSION-FURNISHED suites for
1 IO'J housekeeping; c oanecting; from 99 to
$10. -. ■ ; :
AaiouiH Street.
rr ~ NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
iJ*J*J Idk rooms; rent ?b and $10 per month;
apply afternoons.
(•A ~ NAJOMA — 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
D \i«J rooms complete for hOusekerplDg; .owrent.
i out Stree..
Q99 POST— TWO PLEASANT BACK ROOMS
«7 —«- for houso keeping: yard; r^nt $10.
Seventh Street.
1 Of? SEVENTH — LARGE FRONT ROOMS;
1 OU furnished for housekeeping; yard; cheap.
IJO »-.KV>.N 111 (GIRAKD)— BUII AND
it- kitchens :al»o single rooms: newly renovated
Q-f- X(\ ■- F! -RNISUEJi HOUSEKEEPING
.«JpU. O\J. rooms. 65 a Seventh Bt.
Silver Street.
1 £-i SILVER. N R. FOURTH— SUNNY FRONT
IDt) room and kitchen for housekeeping.
Mocictoti Street.
1 Qfl7 STOCKTON — NICK ' FURNISHED
XiiKJ I rooms :or housekeeping; rent cheap.
■ iii.. - Street.
nn. b SUTTFR— HOUEKKEPINO PORTION
C— •"' lurniihed flat, wth 2or 3 bedrooms. .. •. .
1 OH ,II SUITER, N AR POLK; 3 ROOM-?:
1 ZUu % front bay-window: *10, H8 and $7.
leliuma Stree:.
Cl 7 TEHAMA-LARGE FIIONT ROOM FOR
I 1 12 if desired; tunable torhonsekeeplas.
Twelfth Street.
■ tnril TWKLFTH — NICELY FURNISHED
«1U« kitchbu, 2 bedrooms, dining-room, bath;
$20. .. ,■ . . if .. , : ,■ . -. -,
•. , \itu'>«u Av«uu«. . - ;
1 091 VAN NESS AYE.. NR. '. OEARY-3
X\J*j I SU!JII y furnished 100 ms; gas; range; ■com-
plete; iJo.
ROOMS TO LET.
'■■'Vr.Vs ■■••• BranniMi Street. • '-!;{-•- 1
(TOR BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH— 3 NICE r
I *~O sunny rooms: $8.
Bryant Avenue.
971 ft BRYANT AYE.. NEAR TWENTY- 1
£> 41 O fifth— Lovely furnished looms; tunny; <
near school; $12. i
U , 1 -I
Broadway. 1
QOflA BROADWA Y-SUNN Y FRONT RO' ;M, I
OOW furnished or unfurnished; rent reasonable.
.- i.utiii STreo;. ;"'>-;-- T"; : ";
(*-\ A BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY I ■
Oltc rooms; $8.
■ California Street. <
i-7(\Q CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED ROOMS; .
I UO sunny; bay view; bath and gas; rent from
$4 up. .■• ■ j - ? ■
• ti i 'itiy streec. ; ! < i
Ql 7 EDDY — NICELY FURNIBIIED SUNNY •
• '14 connecting housekeeping rooms; spieudil i
location.
i 1 4t ar 1 1 Streat.
C HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. r« STR '.
0 st.. near Market: lurnlshvd «nd unfurnished.
Ql A EIGHTH. NKAR FuLSOM-S LARGE
OIU rooms; rent $10. . ,
~" . ,^*, street. ~ I
*--.i» street. ,
ROYAL HOUSK. 126 KLLIR— ANDKS- ,
■centligh's. readinu-rootn, smoklnc-room and x
ladles' parlor: rooms per night. 85c to $1 50;
week. %'£ to $8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot aui cold wa.er: baths. ,
OVAL KAOLK, OPI'. DA L D I - N K LY
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, e.c, ;
791 ELLIS-SUNNY ROOM: USE OF BATH; :
i — I in private family it-nt #5. ,
a mv »tioo.. ,
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SKLECT FAMILY [
hotel- 100 Filth st- cor. Mission: rooms
DOc, 76c and $1 per iilsbt: $'_> to «5 per week.
1 illinoie Street.
001 fl FILLMOkIT— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED :
J.Li.^i rooms: $6-
-1 ulaoin Stree..
r f'p\ FOLSOM — A LARGE FURNISHED
i DU2 room to let: $4: every convenience.
1 IAQ rOLSOM, COR. SEVENTH— LARGK !
1 I UO. sunny front room; bath; private family: i
rent $8: call evenings. • .. .
I unon <iito:.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY '
furnished rm<; singe or en suite: «8 $16 up. .
.; j ,.;';; . votary Street.
QQ7 GEARY, (OR. MASON— NEWLY FUR- !
GO I nishe.l rooms: suite and single: gents only. '
791 GEARY— HAND^aMKLY FUKNISHED|
i— I pk-asatn room, tuitabie for gentleman: j
references
_^ . 1
THK MARTINET, 1101 GEARY. S\V. COR. !
X Van Xcjs-iiandiome suites, newiy furnished.
tlarrifioii Street.
77fV HARRISON— nicely FURNISHED
I I" loom for gentleman; private family. . ,
Howard Street.
1 Q9Q HOWAKD-a ROOMS: EN SUITE;
1 » ) — •." front and bade parlor; rent cheap.
done* Street.
m JONES- NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
i suite; private: $14.
9A7 J <NEB (THE VAN WIN KLK")—
_. \J I Handsomely furnished rooms, suites or sin-
gle; terms moderate. (SfHS
luurnv tstrees.
A PLINQTON HOUSE. 127 KFARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en snlie and single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
i-.,r .-...-* : •. Maple Court.
091 MAPLE court, OFF fourteenth,
♦~>— '' bet Guerrero and Dolores— 2 sunny rooms
and kitchen: well turnlshed; rent $14: reference*
exchanged.
' ;.'ii*ili»'t Streec,
TTCSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
I night, 36c to $1: week. $1 50 toss: families.
' , M.«ri>>:« Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. SOUTH OF GEARY. NR,
Mason— Large sunny front room. 1 or 2; $8. >- •
1 "~ ' ~
j.iun:, - .-«.«.. '.-■"..
AOI MINNA. NEAP. SIXTH — NICELY FUR-
IO 1 n'sht"! sunny front rooms, 1 5 to $9 month;
boibitns: also housekeeping. .
i V'f*7 MINNA, COR. El HTH— NEWIY FU.H- j
00 I nished bay-window room; $1 per week.
- ■ Aiisiiort l-troot.
OQti MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
DO» ny rooms: a let place; prices reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7el MISSION: HKLECT
lamily roomlng-hcuse: '$1 60 10 $■! per week.
II AO MISSION — FRONT ROOMS FUR-
-114 O nißbed, $6 and $8. ■■ * -■
1 oat street.
■pANrOLPn. HOUSE, POST AND MASON
I\> sts.— so bay-wiiidow parlors: smaller rooms:
I gas, running water, etc : $1 50 10 $4 per week.
•". • Shipley Street.
9 A SHIPLEY — 3 MCE SUNNY ROOMS,
LSj front: rent $10.
Mi i.ll K-ree..
QQ SIXTH— THK HILLSDALE-QUIET, SUN-
-00 ny single rooms: transients solicited.
HE PIEDMONT, 119 a SJXIH— SUN-
X ny rooms; modem conveniences.
_^____
Moemon Street.
I r/>A STKVKSSOS, hKT. SIXTH AND SEV-
OOi7 enth— tunny looms, single or double; pri-
vate. '' ' ,:..\ v vg. ,
Stockton Place.
THK EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON — FUR-
nlshrd rooms $1 50 to (2 50 per week: suites
$3 50 to |H per week; by night, 60c to $1 60; hot
and cold water: elevator: irausleut. '
____^ — — — — — — — — - — — —
Turk- Street. ,
rr(\n TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED FROST
I UO room; $7 per month.
Taylor street.
1 nrt TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS; $1 78 SUN-
IU J, ny single; $1 25 and SI 00 week.
Tehaxna Street.' .1
49 TEHAMA -2 NEWLY FURNISHED
• >' — sunny front rooms, with bath, etc.: also 8
connecting housekeeping rooms; qnlet place.
- _:.;• • liiirn Htreu.."
Ql THIRD— FURNISHED. AND U N FTJR-
Ol nlshed rooms, $1 week up: clean beds, 6c
and 10c ocr night.
Thirteenth Street.
i)nn THIRTEENTH, N EAR HOWARD—
— *-O i^arge sunny newly furnished room.*
Valennl- Htree:
1 91 H VALENCIA, NR. TWENTY-THIRD—
*-£• X\J Sunny furnished room.
- . _ ... Jumcellaneou*. - - . .
ELEuANT FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR
without board, near Morton Station, Alamtda.
Address A. 11., box 126, Call.
11I1LDKK-Y l;(i.\|!HKlj.
V[ICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC,
- ' and <lif to god s bool: 10 per mouth. Ad-
dresi MRS. E. L. P.I i.LI .-, Golden Gate, Alameda
County, Cal.
LD NURSE LIKR TO TAKU ONE OR TWO
riiildron to board: terns reasonable and mo-
ther* car*: rella- le. 505 Bryant St.. In the rear.
STORES TO LET.
BAKERY, 1180 HOWARD; LAKUE STORK
and 4 living-rooms; cheap rent.
IT 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
II i also Oat. Apply 4171.4 Third st.
m, 1 O *TtRE: 6 LIGHT KOOMS: EsTAB-
»/** 1 ' . llsbet' saloon 12yrs- 911 Folnoin.nr.Firth.
dh(j STORE, WITH STABLE ATTACHED;
tjpt/. sul able for fruit or produce; opposite de-
pot. Twenty-fifth st.
AN RAFAEL— STORE- TO L •.» : LOCA-
-0 lions suitable for furniture and upholstery,
fruits and vegetables, candy and notions. ('IU.
D. .-.11 E ARKR * CO., Real 1 sta c A pen is, San
Rafael: opposite broadgauge depot; open Sunday.*.
1 ARGK (STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
Ii 4 lar«<- rooms: re«t «ny $22 l»0 422 Sixth.
: . officks TO LKT..
spkeckels BUILDING, 927 market st.;
liuh:, p easant offices: cheap. ABHTON A
GARDINEti, room 210, or at 411 Montgomery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
BOARDINO AND BOOMS.
"7AO PINE ST.— SUITE OF ELKGaNTI/?
I TtO furnlihed parlors, with board, $50 per
n«nth
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW !
open under new management; has been ar-
kistlt a: ly tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
throughout: hot and cold water In every room:
pleviitors and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice 01 carpets and furnUure; the
table, under the supervision of Kowaskle. the i
(veil-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
7-1 i ) POST— 2 i.»h<;e SUNNY ROOMS, WITH '
I 1 — toard.tor 2;$18 ea. up; use parlor and piano.
1 AUGE ROOM, GOOD BOA HI). FOR 2 WORK-
J-i Ingmeu: $4 week. 11 to 8. 119 Leaven worth.
OOM FoR 2 GENTLEMEN WItH BOARD:
Geimi>u home cooking: fa a week. 626 Valen-
cia St.
41 O EDDY — FURNISHED SMALL ROOM,
-il— with board; $20 a month.
HOTKL RTLIXG, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer tices: all modern conveniences;
Ualston table's. If desired; new management. '
Q()Q VAN NEss AYE.— .NEWLY FUR-
QVJO-nlsried lunny rooms or suite, with tioard.
<:%£ t t . CLAIRVOYANTS.
HAl IS YOUR VOCATION?
'» . HAVE YOU. PROSPERED? ,
.. WHAT ARE YOUR HOPKB?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: sh» gives you valiiab c ADVICE
»nd All) in all affairs of life, of private us well as
ol business nature ax, lor in tance, pertaining to i
Love. Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested ills, Divorce. Damauu Suits. Claims.
Journeys, >pt.-cul».iionß, Mining, etc.
Sh<- discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sickliest misfortune: recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person ii adapted to some particular busi-
ness, nrofrgslon or . rude, which may justly be term-
ed thei. tru* vocation, and yet mure man half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
tortunn and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation.
office hours. 9 to 6 dally and !-uoday. send
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. DX.
1". CLARK, 1206 Maiket si., ban Francis. a
TVTOW Is THE TIME TO CONSULT MRS.
l." A Aon. ' ■- ■ \ :-*".-.--.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of a.l
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and l:i-
- elves you peace uni happiness 1 u-ver
asic a question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, names in full of alt that you are inter-
ested in, all dates, iris. e:c. I ten you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may ha v* winning your desires and what oust
cle* are in your way and how to remove tut in.
How to make tne best of your talents and pios.
per. How to get money. I ttud lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before . en ering into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away ( vil ape Is, stumbling blocks, bad luck and
Imbils. ana overcome a.l evil wuiks, r va.s and
enemies. I never fail I have brought about
more happiness than all otfi.r me Hums, (thers
are be helped: why not you? If you are gnlti;; io
see v medium, why no see the very best? It costs I
no more. No: ; ins; to be palJ in advance, and if |
not entirely satisfactory i,o:!ilnK at all. Do you
desire anything fairer than that? Residence, 4i.0
Eddy sl., between i eavenworth and Hyde. Oflice
hours: 9 a. m. to (i r m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B.— No signs. ■;.-•.'• .-...~- .._;- ■-', -.'.• - . i
Vj MX. UK THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC RKVEAL-
iII er bjr ecus and cards: tells entlrs life, pas,
present, luture; consultation* on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: pood advice: rare
help: r.-sior. lost lov» by Bynipatny; mistake im-
possible: tee »1 : letter $2. «i:y Poet St., or Larklo.
\| MX. Li-.NEMAR— .FORTUNES TOLD BY
'•• planets: predicted "74" passengers overdue
Steamer Island. 7 Giant aye.. room "J.
MMK.AKNDT.GERMAN FORTUNE-TELLEK:
J.VL tt-lls p:'st and future: gives picture future hus-
band or wife: 25: up; never fails. 957 Barrisonsl,
MMX. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never falls; call and be convinced. 419
Geary at., room 22, second fl .or: only 25c.
MX. VIOLET CHESTER HAS ARRIVED:
palmist, magnetic healer. Kins. 2-3, 223 Posu
ME. MORJtAU, BEST=FORTU>E-TELLKR,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. ,764 Howard st.
GYPSY' LIFE READKK, 3, SEVENTH ST.;
Ud.es 25c, gents 60c; a 1 questions answered.
SEE A MEDIUM OF MIRACULOUS POWER
an.: luck: 25c, one price. 41 Minna, basement.
MRS. MELVILLE, WKLL-K.NOWN CLAIR-.
voyant. 51 Fifth st. water readings specialty.
ME. LEGGKTTF: PAST AND FUTURE:
business advice; one price, 25c. 311 Tens ma.
MMX RAVENA KEaDS LIFB FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given; 25c u;.5 Fourth
YI'SY LIFE KEADER. 3 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 25c. cents 50c; all questions answered.
T>>THELOK AY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-,
XKer and palmist. 11U» Misslun si.,bc>t. 7;h and Bth;
MitK. .->Vi;ai,f. hi tli- KH'fM ■<.:!'. A r->
crav>p'Hi:'>i i)»-eti lnrtli-« '.'Si- ■ H n'Wqr-iH.
I SI'IKIXUALISM. .
MMX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
m' stages and advice on all matter* pertain-
ing to monal uSaiiv 838 Mission si. ° ;
MRK. HE.\DEK ROGERS, TEST AND DE-
vi'loping circle to-night; 25c. l - _' 2 Taylor st.
I, 1 RANK HARLAND, TRUMI'KT SKA.N'CE
V tonight: etlierealizut on; 25c 1063 Mission m.
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CJBCXtE TO-.MUUT,
lt'c; 418 McAMsier; convincing tests.
Ir<REE SITTINGS TO LADIES AT ADbIE
r SWAN'S. 114 Jones: circle Fr.day; no fee.
RS. C. J. MEYER— TEST CIR. 2 ANDH P. M. ;
tests to all; )0: slitlngi. :126 ' McAilid'er st.
I 1 I LAUKIN-P. S. >. : BP. M ; MRS. LILLIE,
J 1 I Mis. Mayo Steers and o. tiers.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, ll'ii^ OAK CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thursday, 2 p. x ; rcadiugs.
pEMOVAL-FRED EVANS, THE Si.ATr..
i Xt writing medium, Ik now located at 1122 Market.
KS.J. J. v HIINEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages an>J advice. 218 Stockton nu
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls: also laucht. Hypnotic Inst.. 6 < I'Farrell.
HORSES. .
I ''OR SALE 1. .'.::■ i. STYLISH HORSE;
■C cneap. 22 Golden Gate aye.
Cii lit RSES Fill: BALK: WAGONS AND
cM/ harness, at car stables. 721 Howard St. : auc-
tion every i ue«day.
OR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;
sound; in good condition; Al roadstvr: single
or double. Olympic Stables 603 butter at.
AUCTION SALES KVKKY SATURDAY AT
J\. 11 o'clock of horses, bucgies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., 3.
WATKIN-, auctioneer. ■
Al\ HORSES' FOR SALE; ALSO WAGON*
I\J buggies, carts, harness: Gran/1 Arrade Horn
Market, 327 kixthst.: auction >*;■.. every W«a-
oesday. M'LLIVAN & DOVLK, Auctioneers.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of gi'Od harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can bay Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
r (\ UKAD OF HORSES SUIT ABLK FOR ANY
Uv/bu«lness 900 to JSOU pounds. O.d Turic-su car
■tables, 1801 lark: team of larre young mule«.
WAGONS AND <-.\ki:ia«.i:s.
HACK, FIRST- CLASS CONDITION: VERY
cheap. 2700 Twentieth St., cor. 'Hampshire,
near Potrero aye. . ■ '
lANO BOX TOP BUGGY. SIDE-SPRING
business buggy and ccod three-spring delivery
wagon. 1161 lioward st.
ART, .NEARLY NEW: SUITABLE FOR PA-
per or batcher business; very cheap. Apply
83tt DtrVlsadrro St.
fTIANDEM CART; 6-SJiAT TOP CARRIAGE;
X5-Klas< landau: nearly new. O'BRIEN A
SONS, 600 Golden Gate aye.
. W AND fKCOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
dry and milk wagon: also tine top buggy and
rorkaway. - H'.'B Harrison st. ■ ■
LKUAL NOTICES.
■VTOTICF.TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF JOHN
II m IHVKIWII R. deceased. Notice is here-
by given by the undersigned, A. C FRkKSK, ad-
miuislrutor «.f th* • slate of j 'lIS SCHWET-
nh!i, deceased, to the Crediton of. and all hit-
sons having claims agaii st. the said nei.e».ed, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers within
four months af er the first publication of this
notice to the said admlni* r.itor at room 35, Chron-
icle building, corner of Geary and Keainy sta., th«
lime being els i lace ior tb<* transaction of the
i ness of the said estate In th- city and county of
San Francls<o. state of California.- '• -
A. C. i'lltKHK, Admmls ra or of the instate ol
JOHN SCHWr-TSCHKR, deceased. •
Dat*-d at San Francis n, Apr. l i>, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN,' Attorney fur Administrator.
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
Francisco, April 15. 1887.— in compliance
with the provisions of section 6> of order 1598 ol
the Boam oi Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at pubic auction by K. S.
bprar & Co., at their salesrooms, XI and H'6 Kuttei
I street, on
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. M. sundry articles of stolen, IoM
and unclaimed property | recovered by . the police
forte of San Francisco, > a detailed In an inventor}
thereof an tile in the cilice of he .Clerk of toe
Boura of Supervisors, and consisting of jewe.ry
wearing apparel, pi -.oil, knives, etc.: also a lot ol
trunk*, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
p< rsons received from the corouerot this City am:
County. - Open for inspection on morning of sale,
:.-■■ A. C. WIDBKK,
City and Ccunty Treasurer.
PERSONALS.  
"p AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDKR AND FOR
1\ sale; also chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres:
denier in carpet twine, in hank er chain, at lowest <
rates. GEO. M ATI HEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. *
PECI A AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IS
O liaiidressing and manicuring will b#«iii M n- 1
d»y, prll 26: half rates Riven. Up-To-Date Par-
lor-, 1 28 Market bt, over The Wonder. •
ONGESTION AND l.\ DIGESTION ~~' " '
Yield to the powers of hot baths, and RHEU-
MATISM flies before It; go to DR. SM TH'S 1 •
ELECTRO-MAG.NJiTIO BaTHS and rejoice at
returning health: hygienic board; sunny rooms. '
SANITARIUM/ 1633 BUCHANAN si 1 . ' , 3
VITA' OIL. . ' . ')"'■'■ '.
> A powerful, penetrating, blood warming and '
vitalizing rem ; does not blister: cures pains, in- '
ternsl and externals $1 bottle: 6 95: $10 gallon:
charges prepaid. Address 16i3 BUCHANAN ST. '
ME. MYRTLH POT I '. EMOVED FRuM
ISq2 Market su to 33 Sixth, room 17. '
7^l E. THOMAS— LEA VB PAPERS AT CA,LL
VA Office. M. MKROENS. ' ...
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW* A SPEC- ',
A laity: private; no fee without success; pro-
bate,, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sals' ■
damages, etc.: private detectives: estab. 11l years.
G.W.HOWE. ai:y-at-la\v. 850 Marke t.cor.Bloclcta
DETECTIVES FURNISHED ALL BRANCH-
U es leaiUmate work. Munen's Agency, 20 Ellis. ;;
rpUE LARGhbT, THE BEST, THE QUICK- :
1 ejt,. the neatest, ih cheapest, the largest and :
be«t halrdrt-Bsinc establishment on the coast:, the '
neatest and politest, assistants and artists: th«
quickest and cheapest service; hairdressins, any '
style, is only 25c; switches run from 91 to 93. G.
Lr.DKKKK, 111 *100til0M St.
. ■ — _^_______^__ 1
BLESS OIL. ;. 1
Every wheelman and horseman Bays- that of I
VITA IL, aud they know: rures sprains, bruise-,
lameness,' soreness «nd ff.ie.ss: 91 but.; 6, $1; '
10 cai.: charges prepaid. 1533 1 UCH AN ST.
VINE BLACK sUIT; 912 50. blisVlV CiiOl'H-
X* ing parlors. 513 Montgomery s:. . :
1 111,11 BUSINESS CARDS PRI VTED, $1 50;
J UUU weaning work. HILL, L2V« Geary st.
AN TED- OLD GOLD FOR MA UKACTUR- (
'» ing. O. NOi.TE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st. ■
"L^ACIAL BLEMISiI KS, WKINKLKs, SMALL-
-T pox plttincs and superfluous hair removed by
lates: disc .very; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; taldnrss cured. MRS. E. KING, 524 Suiter.
RU.\K. NNESS-CURK GUARANTEED;
year; book free. Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cai.
_____^__ _— — —^— — — —^— __^_^_ 1
HOME. A rKIK.ND AND MOTHER'S CARB. !
ilK.i. Hl'- H'XKK. 1416 Eighth st., Alamed*.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
1 tailoring: lowes: prices. 216 Kearny. upstairs.
TuStPH I.hKVE.s'S OPii«A SCHOOL FUR-
O nishes sr.lot. duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the proiessloi al s:a:e, ana Jor oratorio, concert
or church as well, on Bhorteßt notice. Murphy
building, Market and Jones, rooms IVI and In,
TJHEUMaTIsH CURKD OR MONEY XX-
XV funded: poor treated free. 305 Eddy st. '
13ELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTKCTIVE
II service. Kt.oms 19 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
IsS JES-IE AND LIZZIE KEEGAN.LATE
with G. Lederer. expert ' haird reiser, uyeln«
and bleach. « specialty. I^4Va O'Farrell BU,
pboce Brown 851 ■ .'''-::>.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
Ut week.' N.Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny. upstairs
mwo RENOWNED ITALIAN REsTAU-
i 1 rants combined: F. DELMONTE A CO., pro-
I prietors of the old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 4HI
1 roadway, have consolidated with MR. ANGKLO
I DKLMONTE, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
j d'ltalia at 480-482-4S4 1 Broadway, Just opposite.
HUFSCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gastitter. 622 Golden Gate ay. TcL,Satier47L
AGMSCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chlne: us. the klnetosccpe llims; price re-
duced, 9150. BACIGALLPI, 946 Market s:.
1 JIG OUTDOOR. bTEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Blxth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust.
cess. Consul: OWL AD vTOQ.. ■ 140 Market st.
I..ARTING TON'S (CHOOt Or MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; illoetraiiotu ttuuis&au
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
KmfTUKJC ANU PILES CURED: NO Pa If
It nntil cored: tend for book. ■ DRS. Ua.\s
ELD * PORT ERF 1 ELD. jb«t Market st.
LhUTRIU UOUl'.-i I.N KViiitV ROOit;
Winchester House. 44 Third ku, r,r. Market;
100 rooms. '26c to $1 60 i«r nlgir.: ; $1 60 t»*B po:
week; tree bus and baggage to aud iront the terr/.
CLOAKS, it !.:■> A-> -> bUII'i KJKTAILKD -•»
\J W'holesala in»i i'»rtor>-. 'Hi Sansome sfc'
I'i;i^ii.\m:i;v
T\HESSKS, $2 60 UP: CAPE-, $1 up; wrap -
XJ pers, .">oc up. 4 -.1 Minna st. .: . ■• •
'- MEDICAL. - <
ALL CASKS OK MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored -In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement; beat care and
! privacy; .regular physician; 30 years' successful
I practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
! suppression never fall; every case guaranteed :oon-
suitatlon frt-e, contiden lai: hour* 10 to 6; pills sl.
Mils. int. WVhTll, 810 Post st.. near Larkln.
Di>. J. 11. JO-SELYN, THE UItKAT bPKCIAL-
-Ist, still offer* his va uab.o services to th* uu-
lortnna:e. With a mind ma ured aid eoricned by
studies of an advanced . order, there is -hardly a 1
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot j
treat to a perfect c re Ladles, he is always ready j
to assist you. _ His knowledge has .teen strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond bis sure con-
trol. Ills female monthly remedies are sure and
rate la their eff-ct«, - His tried and valuable reme-
, dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, anJ ar* warranted for both younz and old.
' lie excels ail others in the cure of private diseases. '
! over fto years of practice enab es him to warrant'
a cure la all cases. Consultation parlors. ttOd
Market su . . Call or w rite dlrucc w UOt> Market »;..
rooms 11 end 12. - '
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
d«m, no moitcr what' eaate; do cleo rlcity hum- '
cog or other dangerous methods; money in every
case refunded If a care, Is no: effected: travelers
1 helped Immediately; years' experience; home in
I confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians. DR. AND
I MRS. DA VIKs. 14 McAllister su, next Hltwroi*
! Bank; hours, 0 a. n. to 5 and "7 to 8 r. v.
FROCKaS iBAT NKVKK *AILS TO UK-
- store . every case or monthly, sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when msdlcines
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: f?iry rase guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
f:om» for confinement. • MRS. DR. U.iLiiY. IVii
llark"t at., over the Owl Drugstore,
,S«iW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
Ftrtimen( vied-, every woman her own physi-
cian for ail male troubles, no matter from what
cause; resto.es always in one day; ran be sent
and used at home: positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: advertised •
.20 years. VA. POPPER. 318 Kearay st.
DR. FOULRT'S FRENCH CAP-ULES — A
guaranteed absolute cure for nil female dls-
ease-> (no matter wliht ptttivl: positively safe and
sure:' no danger or after effects; taken in time It
alsoacsas a preventive; price 91 50 p»r box;
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye. - -•
DR. WJ-GKNER. 5*6 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement,-, female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician-, quick relief
for travelers: Lest cure; terms moderate: babies
adopted hi good families; consultation tree; pills 9&
T\R& GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES
XJ near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home Mr patients: best skill,
tree diagnosis; low fees: self-cure. - 401 Van Ness
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
J i rorai Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
liable': take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ladles." In letter by return mall;
at druggist* Chichester Cbem. Co., Philadelphia
ALPEAU-8 FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
' dies with iemale troubles; !ioa»m;«r-. sat* and
sure: 92 50exs<re«sC. O. D. ; don't delay on til too
late. 1 im;i.hil< BROS. Coast A cents. iiiiKla:nl:C*l.
fcURK CURE I'OK ALL FEMALE DIS.
eases from whatever cause; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satlsfaoiiou $ua^
aniced by MRS. GWYER, 228 Tur.i st.
I «LL , FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
• X\. ease* of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT 410 Geary st ; consultation free.
"|\U PRAK > FEMALE MKUULATINii PILLS:
XJ safe and efficient emmenaco^ae: $1 car box.
RICHARDS A CO.,drugglsts, 40« clay au.BOleagW,
I.BKE MAGNETIC TREATMENTS. 10 TO 11
X a. M. "Dlt. ST. CLAIM. oHlo.-, 226 Geary st.
K.-URI'AHiED RKMEDIKS FOR FKMALB
troubles, diseases. MKS.DII. PCETZ,2S4y a 4th.
• 1L K. HALL, 14 McALUSTKR STREET. Hc^k
U Jones.- Diseases or wemeu ana children. .
f - BICYCLES. i:A:V.
■OETIRING FUOMBU-INK.-S: * COMPL TE
XV eytlery for sale: doing a good est»b.lshed buat-
: ness. , Call 1236 Folsom st. ■' -j ; :
,
' i ITIANDEMS. '96'! PATTKK.N, GOOD AS NEW,
r 970 and upward: bargains In second - hand
wheels- Golden Rue Bazaar cyc.e department,
; 26Qtary s ' ..•>■■- ■-■."■■ - - •
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
I "rOHJrErKICHAHDa, LAW OFFICES. ttOOHI
. J 'Mi and' 27, crocksc MuiAUw mivpuom aUia
76, Ban iTancisco, Cat .-■ . . , .
; ; PHYSICIANS.^
c: c. O'DONNKLI. 1206 1 MARKET; RF.a
2864 25th st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY KKAI. ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, ■ .v: \
REAL. ESTATK OWNERS, 1
" Room A,* First Floor, CrocKer BuUdiag. •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT 1 , i
LOW PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS. <
TIAKB ADVANTAGE OF OCR JUDICIOUS '
X purchases, get a lot cneaper iban , yon ever will -
igain.
Ct 1 (\C\ »160 TO 9*00: BUILDING LOTS; \
C ' ''"• no grading: near Mlsslon-st. and San j
Mateo electric car lines: only 95 montblr.
$7- 9100. 9150 TO »8U0: CHOICEST LOTS
10. south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand aud boulevard; only 95 1
and 910 monthly Installments. - ■ '
g-.kiETi TO 91100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
i7~i)u can positively suit you In location, price
and terms. ' .'
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
itlagrams.  ; . . ., .. - ■.
• ' 6OL. GETZ * BROTHER,
Boom A, first floor, Crocker building
OW STOP PAYING RENT.
FOLLOW TH-. EXAMPLE OF
• MANY SHRKWD PEOPLE.
BUY ONE OF THE CHEAPEST LOTS '
IN THE CKNTJ-R OF THE CITY.
.«:CB and upward; 19. i:, 2(ltb. Vermont and ni»-
braskasts.; only (so ensb: balance 910 monthly;
pos esslon given when first pHymcutis made and
you can build at once; these lots are only 5 blocks
from foot of lOtb si. and within walking distance
01 town. Baldwin & howell,
■r, .■ « ■-..-■• 10 Montgomery st.
(^•Qlinn EAh-TLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
iirOUUU. St., nr. Caitro: 6 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly moruaned:
niortg'ke can remain if desired: good neighbor-
hood; place not large enough for pies>*iii owner.
App y BKIGDEN & TURNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer. - ' '
mil r(|A wanted ON good city
«JplX .t)Uu bustne-s property: 6vi per cent:
private parties. Principal apply M. B , box 84,
Cull Office. • • :
\yil.L BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSKs AND
' » flats nt lowest price*, for rush or installments,
on your own lot, or will lumlsb lot call ■ -ml exam-
ine plans. DAN KiNaTKI.N. bui.der, 630 Marke .
flI«Q C IHE CHKAPESI" LOT IN < CEAN
WO O. View: 3ix223: on Broad at, near
1 ayital : best s reel ana best block.
a* - r\f\ cash, balance same as rkn r,
«jT • \J\t lor new bouse; sunny side of Co est ,
Dear waller: size 01 lot v'sxl.s; conulns 8 rooms
and all modern Improvements.
mtTTLEA LOFT US. LAND AGENTS, 62 i
X Marke: opp. P»'sce Hotel; city and coun-
try oropertv for >ale and • xcha:i;e only. ;
JIOXKV TO LOAN.
1 IBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
-1 ' elry. etc.; low Interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bldg, 809 Market: lei. brown 191.
A LOANS ON HJK.MTOI.K OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
without removal:' no commissions; no delays.
J. noon AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above blxtu.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RKSPKCTABLK AND PKIVATK
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Sore. 948 Market st.: telephone Green 204.
<ii?l(U\ i\(\l\ AT 6% PER CENT ON CITY
O O\)\J ,UUU real estate; also Oakland: estate*,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
Ilaitan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 2D!OR 3DMORTUAUK*
estates, undivided ln'-ert'st* real estate In pro-
late; ■ furniture ' and pianos wimou: niuoval.
ktcCOLGAN, 24 MonUomery «:.. room 3. . . ; .
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON .-MAi.L LOANS?
We loan a: 66c Interest per ma no each $101)
on 2d mortgage: any security. i.oi.i, box 4, Call.
C.OO- (inn AT BANK RATE -i; IST AND
V .•->. V'UU _'j mortgage*, estate*, rents, eta.
lend as low as 930. H. MURPHY. V£4 Marke; n.
©OH (\f\f\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL
&ZU.UUU estate; 6Vi«- SPECK & CO. 602
Market st. f . "■ • : :.'
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. SCRIBNER. 7 City Hail aye.
MONEY TO LOAN OX CITY HEAL ESTATE;
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Flue sk, c 3.
Oil r\o.ooo OX LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
«JJ)I U low interest. JOS. B. I OPLITZ, Si J Pine.
Q.Z\i\ TO 950,000; LUWEVT RATK; IST &
tJptJl/ mortg.; any proposition. Dryuen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
J\. tat<>s in probate, etc. Km. 7, 608 California, st.
ON| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RE-
moval: low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON Pi ANUS AND FUKNITUKK. WITHOUT
removal ; very low Interest. 116 McAllister st.
iiNANCiAL. •
WASTED-KUHOPEAN PREMIUM BONDS
m Ist d or unlisted, stocks, g Id, silver and
quar:z bought and assayed. F. hPli KAiM CO.,
6.8 Mart).-. St., opp. 1 a: ace Hotel, S. F.
ANTED— S3OOO FOR TERM OF YEARS
on good reai c tale security.- Address J. Jl.
EDSON, Oakland, Cal. ,
DENTISTS.
VAN VBi-OM & CO.'S J-LK.CTRO- DENTAL
t/alors. 897 Market su : lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous nsesthetics given; electric ty
the gr-at agent used to relieve pa!.i; teeth' titled
aud extracted p«inles*lv by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with a. '. worK
done: lowest prices, best worK; all surgical work
attended by U. W. Win ams n, "M.D., piysictan
and surgeon: examination free by the u>e 01 our
new >l«cttlcal appliances: porcelain " and ' cold
'. crowns; bridge-work and teeth' without plates a
I specla.ty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION,- 759 MAR-
\J ket, i*t. 3d and 4th; rats specialists: palniest
extracting, with gas, 91; P>ates, 97 up: 11. 1, Cl up.
T^ULL SET OF TKETH. 97: WARRANTED 5
J: years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plat*; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
i warranted IV yiars: blllngs. 60c; crowns, S3 '0.
i CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth street
©7 HTLL BET TEETH: BE«T MAKE:
«*** • . kept I) repair; extracting free; illi:n'-»..*>Uc;
! crown*, *3 60. Pacific iit-utal Parlors, If Third.
ObfIIVKLY PA I.N i.E^.-. KXTRAOTIO.V. DR.
X H A RDINg. 600 Sin tter cor. Powell: lei. ma1u6375
R. J. J. LthK, 1126 MARKET SI.. OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
/ UUU.V IiKMAL AbtSUCIiVTIU.N. 806-»tA.ii-
\J ket st. UK CHARLES W. DECKER.
CL« 7 A BUT tOR 1 i-.hl H— WAKKANTED AS
»_ I good as can be made; filling 91 08. MJlJb*
! centlsb 830 Marke: sl, next Baldwin 1 heater.
T>AI.NLKSS KXTRACIION. - 6OC: CROWN
X nrldge work a specialty: plates 96 up: 18 yean:
experience. R. A* WALSH. UD.S.. 816*4 Oeary.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST.. Kit. '
U Eleventh: no chare* for extracting when
plates are made: eld plates made over liic* new;
leeta from 98 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
C'iiT oi- '1 j--.ii; i it WiTnuiii' •» ***—»*•»•*'*»
O 11. U Yonug. 1841 Polk su
DX. OKORUK W.. LEEK. THE UKNUIN3,
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved' bridge work or Itsu
without any plate, moved from a u> FarrelltE.
LL WORK RKASONABLK AND WA-It-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market at. -
PROPOSALS.
PROI'OSAI.S FOR DRAYAGK — GINKRAL
Depot of the Quartern) as' Department, San
Francisco, Cal., ad:U 20, 1897. h. a:ed proposals.
in tilplical-, tor the hauling of military stores and
supplier In and about the city of San Franclsro,
Cal., for the fiscal year commencing .filly 1, 1897,
will be receive lat this office until 1 1 o'clocic a m.
on Friday the Slat day of May, 1897, ana then
opened. The Government reserves ;li- right 10
reject any or all proposals. All necessary infor-
ma ion will be- torn shed 0:1 app;i<ation to this
otnec. JAMES M. Mow RE, Assistant Qoar er-
master-General United. States Army, Depot Quar-
termaster.
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY SUPPLIES—
J General Depot of the Quartermaster's D•] art-
ment, 36 New Moutgomeiy street, San lrancisco,
Cal., April 19, 1897. healed ]>ru. o-,u1 .. in trip I-
cate, will be received a*, this ollice until 11 o' luck
a. M.. Pacific stMtiOard time, May 20, 1897. and
then opened, for furnishing this depot with the fol-
lowing articles of Clothing and Kqutpage m d Ma-
terials fur the manufacture of Clothing, viz. : Corn
Bro'ims, (Sitting Line. Goose Iron, Hooks and
Eye*, indelible In , .Operatives' Ledser, Mallet,
Manilla. 'lent Line, (>rummet Punch, - Hollow
Punches. Co'.tou Rope, Shovels, Trimmers'
Shears, Measuiln'g Stick, : air is' Square, Tent
Stovep p», Lluen 'ihreud, Wrapping Tw>ne. White
'Jape and Silk Twi 1. i roposais for delivery at
otuer points will be considered. Tbe right to ac-
cept or reject any or al proposal*, or any part
thereof, Is reserved. Preference wi 1 be given to
articles of domestic production and manufacture.
Conditions of , quality »nd price (inrludttigiln tne
price of foieign productions and manufactures the
duty tlier. on b*-lr>g equal, and* such preference
given -to articles or American proJuctlon a d
manufucture produced on the Pacific Const, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public service
there.* For C" pies of printed. instructions 10 bid-
der* and blanks fir proposals apply <>t this office.
nvelopes containing prnposa s should be mar ed
"Proposals for Military Supplies.'.' a-»l addressed
to the undersigned, JAMES M. MOORE, Comnel
and A.«sistai.t Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army,
Depot Quitrternias Ir. ; . -■
6TOBAOK.
STORAGE-ROOM-, 25x10, 93 PER MOVTH;
rooms 10x12, 92; new ana dry. DECKER,
1020 Market st. 1 ; -- '
REDUCED RATES,' FURNITUkK, ; PIANOS,
bousebold goods, etc. J. M I'J.EKCK. 735 Mm
COVNTRT REAL ESTATE.
AN -UNQUESTIONABLE BABGAIN: COST
t40,(J00: will be sold for $20,000: 230 acres,
I > acres b'lng best wit* (trapes, 10 acres in
prunes, it acres pc rs; house 7 rooms In good con*
lilon; larg- barn, stone win ry, tanks, nvdranlie
press; complete for winerattklng: water piped from
springs; horses, rows, furniture, buggies, wagon;
ivrryihing complete: living trout stream: deer,
(mail. etc: nice grounds: 3 miles from St. Helena,
in a lovely valley: presents a plctnresqe loca ion.
WE HAVE 4 VERY CHOICE LOTS IN THE
' ' town of ilelmotit, beautifully situated for su-
burban homes: will be s >id according to the times;
Investigate this: easy terms.
ffljljAA FOR AN IMPROVED 40 ACRE
UP 1 \f\J farm in Placer County: '20 acres nave
been farmed; some fruit and vine.*; hou-e, barn,
etc.; all under Irrija. ion and In the early fruit
belt; f .00 down, lime on balance.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., 2d floor. Mills Bide.
MKNLO PARK— 8) ACREH ON SANTA CKUZ
aye.; an exceedingly choice locality, near tne
Stanford University ground,; will be very. valu-
able in a few years; will be sold on very easy
terms. '
STOCK RANCH-8640 ACRES IN MENDO-
cIno County; commands very large outside
range; good houses, rabins, b-«rns, hay fields:
fl '8 water fad Hies: 'on Eel River and branches;
lish and came in abundance; at least 100 acres
can be cultivated; 911,000; part can remain on
mortgage.
"VTA PA VALLEY— IOO AC RES CHOICEST
i-1 valley land; 4 miles from Napa, on railroad:
less than quarter mile from station: quality of so 1
first-class for fruit ; location unsurpassed; lor sale
as a who cor in tracts of 26 acres each. . \ -
SHAISWALD, BUCKBKi. A CO.. V
218-2*20 .Montgomery su. Mills building.
SONOMA COUNTY: LIT'ILK MOM. A SFE-
cialty. A. H.CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
Sonoma, t vi. . • .■ /
1 *J(1-ACKK THACT AND 140- ACRE TRACT
IO\J at $20 per acre; high and sightly; well lo-
cated for poultry raising. A. H. CHbbSMORfc.,
So lOma, Cal, ■ ....
PANTA CLARA COUNTY— FOR SALE, RK\T
0 or exchange; vln yard; 18 acres; 3 acres orch-
ard, Apuly 040 . a uma at.
LANDS i F HE ESTATE OF '
±J - LELAND STANFORD. Deceased.
FOR SALE BY OHDEK OF
MRS. JA.\E i.. H'lANFultD, Executrix.
< opelan I Ranch, Tehama County, '2238 acres.
bhafer 1 arch. Ti-hama, 3 10 acres.
Government lianch. Contra Costa. 2957.82 acres.
i oon aud Felt Tracts, Santa Clara, 1252.84
acres.  -■•-..
Mi i.'oip:-j Ranch, San Lnis Obispo, 320 acres.
Mitlmun Ranch. Red ands, 282 y 8 acres.
By McAFEK BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
©ltt fif\(\ 180 ACRE-*,, NEAR- GLEN
Ellen; 14 acres or hard; 35 acres
level; balarce gently rolling: abundance of wood
and water; all fenced: good house, burn and out-
bui. dings; will exchange for stock ranch.
JjOCAfi HOUSE, 8 ROOMS in SAN MA-
is>ZO\i\J. teo: lot 50x1 .0: lawn: shrubbery;
barn, etc.: street wok all done; sewerconiiecilons;
3 blocks from depou ; . : » ■:-,.-: !
GRIFFITH. CLARK A CO.,
- - 19 Montgomery st.
■\\r ANTED— LOAN OF *800 ON PROPERTY;
'» price $4000. Particulars 632 Market St., room
5, S. F. .
1 'BEAT BARGAINS IN LAND;. $38 PER
" 1 acre: small places; improve:) and unimproved;
Alameda County, near ban Francisco. For de-
tails write to 11. J. DIGGLES. 69 Columbian
building, Marke: st., San Francisco.
Ql9fifin 4 ACRKS CHI KE > RANCH;
jJpZ,UUU. new 6-room. hard-finished house;
large im > roved eh cken-nous • and oro (It tine
flower-garden: 10 minutes.' walk from postoflice.
UK Rue C YOUNG, Petaluma.
ft A(\ TO * 8I) : MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
Crt ' ' unimproved land: terms to suit: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bids-
T ITTLE H<;MES CLOSE IO TOWN; IM-
Xj proved'; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and It year** credit. D. H. TWING. Bo-
noma City;. every Monday at 633 Market eU. S. F.
a>r AN ACKE: I*2Bo ACRES TIMBER; GOO
<?•> fur stock or fruit; plenty water. H. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oO» BROADWAY.
■ ' :• • OAKLAND . K£AL ESTATE.
$= CASH, *6 MONTHLY— LOTS. $75 AND
•~ >> upward; out of 33-acre Ailendale 1 ract, Xi st
-aklanil but 72 lots un.soid; will lutll you a. 4
and 5 room rut: a (modern) from $3011 to if 900.
lucJudin ■ lot: payment as rent; site, climate and
soil superb: 3 «i«ciric roads and fin' scnool near;
conveyance free. 46» -iuth st , bet. Broadway
and \V ashington, Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
NEW 7-KOOM HOI'S.'; : ' FINISHED IN
.!> latest design: half a block to local: neighbor-
hood, fir st class; owner must have money; f'2suO,
f 400 cash.
FINE BUSIWE-9 81/ICK: 4 STORES AND 4
fl ts on San la lo aye., close to business cen-
ter mort age 9000; pm-i- 12,1.00: cost 2 years
ago $17,000; pays good interest on Investment.
.TjURST-CLASS BRICK HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND
-T bath: !o. 60x150; 3 oi<:cks to local station aud
stores: in an estate and muse be sold; appraised at
$4500; price ('2500; half c.slu
A LITTLE GKM; COTTAGES ROOMS; HALF
JV h block to Dw:ght-\v»y station; cost $'2000;
must be su.d at once: only $1150; see this without
fall; $300 or $400 cash.
J. a. MY IS US, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL-
Frulivale; only a minute's walk to the station;,
see the owners at their office in Frultvale for bar*
gains. HaSSiVIT BROS., Frul. vac station.
(IJ> I 4\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS M . LKOSE STATION
<£) 1 \I\J Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1. down and (la week. " 11. B. PINNEY, 902
'B.oadwav, Uaklan-I. --:.'..:t-
GET A CHOICK, HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
F.ichbur», beyond Frultva c. the best property
for Investment now offered; local trains and
| electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 40 to
San 'Francisco; - splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent tor gardening; very beet water
facilities; good school; terms to suit. Before buy-
li:jc In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. I.UNKLE t*lsVs W ashineiou su. upauUrs.
room 28. OaKiand. Cal. . .
OAKLAND FURNISHED BOOMS.
lAHGESCNNYRO MS: GALINDO HOTEL,
JJ Oakland; board optional. Bth St.. 'off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISBMNrS
J»T.A3*TKT>«, I'tAli r«TATI.
Q>C)n(\f\ ft- ROOM COTTAGE; BEAUTI-
«Ir --'-v/"- fully situated: near Bay-st station.
12460— A new cottage; colonial styla; near nar-
row-sangc sta ion. . . ■■<
$2900— Handsome colonial cottage, with rooms
above: situated near station."
$3S(jO— A snap; -colonial -cottage of ' 7 rooms;
large corner lot: your terms are ours. ■-• . •
• ' •• " - '. ■ MAKCOE & UEMMELL.
Bay-st. station ! (broad-gauge), Alameda; 628
Market St., San Francisco; open Sundays aua
holidays. ~ - : ■ : ~ •
BARGAIN; ALAMEDA COUNTY: 30 MILES
■ '• from city; choice laud; irult, hay, jtra:n. veg-
etables, with llvinic springs; $26 to *33 per acre.
11. J. DtUULKs. 69 Colomb'an building «. F.
15EKKELEV REAL ESTATE.
MUST~B»~8OLD: MODERN HOUSK OF 8
rooms and bath: corner lot b0x125; nice
grounds; grand view; near U. C. and station;
owner has to fro south: price 927 50. cost $3500.
O. G. MAY <& CO, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
<D* Qf\l\ OASH WILL BUY IOTTAUK OP 4
I «3*tCUV' rooms: hanlwo>d finished: 7-foot base-
! me nt: 2 lots, 65x1*23: West Be keley. Address
j 8., box 18. call OlHce. ■
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP.
VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN OF THE DIS-
XI solution of partnership of the firm of HUCK
tv OKi 11 -1. • , painters, Mr. Huck to assume all
responsibility. .. ,
HOTELS. '
IJBOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-312 BUBU BT,
I> board and room $1 to f 2 per day. »S to $14
per week; ' choice rooms 50 cents to fl; sail*
looms for family $1 10 *1 50 per night; nrst-claai
— rvica: tree coacb. LU.AKLKS itu.MUuMi'.iilf
UAUKIAGK LICENSES.
■ Th* following marn»,'-« iic«n»ai hare beta
Issued br the County Clerk's office: . ,
A. C. Becicmann ana Elizabeth Brown. 26—28.
Richard A. Nelson and Agnes .Murphv. '2B — 19.
LO'Jii K. hrun aud Trcxia X jobnuni. 27—23.
Jamet Flanlsanand Rose Fox, 22— '23.
James A. Brown and Charlotte A. Wa ■•. 25—23.
' Guisseppl Glovannonl and Ros« Gain. 26—22.
. John T. Dayton and Ella G. Snlltvan. 40—
John J. >tenson and Mary A. Snea, : V— '2s. -
M. K. Flelschman and Martha Coleman. -28—20.
Saul Heino and Josepiitne Hartshorn. — '26
J. J. Baumicartnr and Man- A. O'Neill. 32— 20,
H. W. Klser And Malvlna Hun'lncon. 23-25.
Willis— MAßlilA^Kis — AifcAA'ili.
f Birth, iaarrla«e and death notices sent br mill
will not te Inserted. . Tney must be hand*.! in ac
either of the publication offices and be :ndors»J
with the name and residence of periont authortssi
toltave (he same pnbiish»i. .■.■"■■■-
14OKN.
DI EC KM ANN- April 19. 1897. .to the wife Of
< Frederick H. Dleckmann, a daughter.
McGOWAN— In this city. April 3, 1897, to the
wife of H. McGowan, a danshier.
McOREE VY-March 27. 1897. to the wife Of Wil-
liam G. Me (••%•>-, a son.
SCHNEIDER— In thU city, April 17, 1897. to the
wife of Charles Schneider, a son.
SMITH— In this city. April 21, 1«97.'t0 the wife
or I.ipuionant H^rr* wraith. K. N. R. a »o>».
SIAKUIISO.
UHRISTENBEX-SATER— in this a ty. April 17.
1897. Hans A. Christenjen and Eduorda M.
Sster. both of ban FraucUco. . . » .'
DAYTON-SULLIVAN— In this city. April 21,
1897. by the Rev. Dr E. K. Dine. John F. Day-
ton of San Jose and Ella G. Sullivan of ban
Francisco.
JORGKN>-EN-CHRISTENSEN-In this city,
April 17. 1897, by the Rev. C Hoel, Nels Jor-
geusen and Auna Chrlitensen, both of San Fran-
cisco. * '
PEDERSEN— PETERSEN— In this city. April
17, IS 17. by the Key. C. Hoel, Lauri:z Pedersen
and Nanny M. Petersen, notu of »an Francisco.
SHARON— O'DONNELL— April 20, 18"»7. by the
Rev. Father Pius Murphy. F. E. Sharon and
Maggie E. o'Donnell, both of San Francisco.
WATERS-STUUR— In this city, April 19. 1897.
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. Charles T. Waters J
and Maude C. sniMr. both of .-Hi»n Francisco.
DIED.
Ahearn, Cahenne a. Hall. Susan A.
Boucher. John W. Lloyd, Eva E.
Breast, Lout»C.,Jr. ilcDermott, Mamie
Coburn, J.illie Magulre. Joieph M.
Coillns, William Morrlst-y, Ann
Crowley, John . O'Connor. Eugene
CuilUan, Hainan Oppenheim.
Flannery, Kathar.ne Ukelly. John H.
Gray, Nellie Strel, G. L. W.
AHEARN— In this city. April 80. 1897. Catherine
Amies, beloved daughter ot Timothy and Julia
Ahmrn, and slsier 01 ilr<. Michael Dower and
Daniel, Dentils and the late Hannah Ahearn.
a native of .Ne.v Yor«c City, aged 25 years 6
months and 9 days. • • • • ■ -
«i~i'"rlend.» ana acquaintances are resoas'.-
futiv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. v., from her late
residence. 302 Llt>» ny street, ti.euce 10 St.
James Church, 'lwen'ty* third and Guerrero
streets, win-re a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. x. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-,
terv.
.BOUCHER— In Brockton City. Mass., John W.,
brother of the late James Boucher of tea Fran-
cUoo, aged 72 yean 9 months and 13 nays,
BRESSE — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend aso emu anniver-
sary requiem mass to be calebratea for the re-
pose of th soul of the late Louis »'. Bresae Jr.
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
at me v hurch of Notre Dame dcs Victolre*.
Bush street, between orant avenue and Stock-
ton street. ;'*.*? ? " ,-:..* '
COBURX-In Oakland, April 21. 1897, Lillie, be-
loved wile of Will am J. Coburn. and daugater
of C. M. and Mary Chubb ot Vacaville. a native
of Oakland, tged 18 years 9 months and 25 days.
•if Fri-Mi.li and acquaintance! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service
THIS DAY ( 1 nur diiy;, at 'A o'clock P. M.. at
the i-Irsl baptist l uurc:i, southeast corner of
Fourteenth and Brush streets. Oakland, inter-
ment, Mountain View Cemetery.
COLLINS-In this city. April 20. 1897, at St.
Luke's Hospital. William Collins a native or
£.ni(land. aged 37 years 6 months and 18 days.
43* Friends and acquaintances are renDaj'.-
■full Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at a o'clock i\ m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, Interment Laurel
Hill cemetery. .. j
CROWLEY— In thin cry, April 20. 1897. John
Crowley, brother of Mrs. Kllen McCormlcx, and
uncle of J. A. McCormicW. a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 54 years.
JfiTßemuins at the par ors of the Craig &
Cocbrane Co.. 22 and 20 Mint avenue.
CULLIGAN— In this city, April 21, 1897. Hannah
ill II can, a native of the parish of Cnarlevllle,
County Cork, Ireland, age 1 7U years. | Austra-
lian and Phlladelpbla papers please copy, j ' '
•9**Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKKOW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, '218 Hitch sir"-;, thence 10 (St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem bign mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. interment Mount cal-
vary Cemetery.
FLANNEKY— In this city, April 20,1837. Kath-
arine, youngest and beloved daughter of Michael
and Mary Flaunery, and sister of Tnomas. Mary
and Jolinnla Flannery, a native of Suu Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 10 months- ■ ■
GRAY— In this city, April '20. 1897. at her resi-
dence. I'2S Bar if t street. N Hie, belovel
daughter of Mr.i. Ellen and the late John urav,
»na slater of Mrs. Charles A. Dunn and the late
Join M. Gray, a native of Sun i-'ranct.ico. ■ ;
Friends and acquaintances are resp3C>
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:31) o'clock a. h.. from net late
residence, ihenct- to St. jamci Church, 'I'wenty-
tuir.l and Guerrero streets, where a requiem high,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
com mencin? at 9 o'clock a. h. Intermen: .iiuuii;
Calvary Cemetery. -
HALL-In this city. April 20, 1897, Susan A.
Hall, a native of OUlo.
LLOYD— Tn this city. April 20,1897. Eva E., be-
loved aauchter of W. S. Lloyd, and sister of
Louis L. Arthur J. and William A. Lloyd. Mr.«.
Arcadia J au-tten. Mrs. Dell li.ivn and I.lrs.
Flora Conterno, a native of San Andreas. Cal.,
"a«ed IS years 5 motUh.t an i . days. ("Man An-
dreas (Cal. ) papers Diease copy.] '
•^"Friends and acquaintances are resp'ct-
ful if invited to a. tend Hie fun»ra! THIs DAY
(Thursaay). at 2 o'clock p. *.. from her Ul9
residence 1315 Howard street, Intermenc I. O.
IX F. Cemetery.
McDERMOTT-In Vallejo. April 19,1897. Mamie
• McDormolt, a native. 01 San Fruuci-co, agei 'V 3
. years. .  ... . ..■• ...■- ,-• •.- . •■■■_■-
MAGUIRE— In Alameaa. April 21. 1837. Jo<eph
M., tatiier of Louis < '•'.. 11. • . and J. W. .',! ,;mr,',
a nat v- of Illinois, aged 69 years and '2 month*.
J^-Not!ceof tuneral uere.it:er.
MORKIS-EY— In this city. April 20, 1897. Ann.
I) oved mother of Dr. Joseph G. an 1 Robert A.
Morrlisey. • uiiivu of Lettorkeuny, -County
Dine := 1. Ireland, aged 66 y»ar.«.
BSPFrlemls ail acquaintances am resntc-
fuih- Invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her - late
. resilience, 102 H lgen street, tneuco. to sacred
H-art Churca, Fell and .11 m >>r .j atreets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose uf her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock
a. m. Interment Mouu: Calvary Cemetery.
P.ease omit flowers. . . . .
O'CONNOR— In this city. April 19. 1897. Engens.
beloved husband of Annie K. O'Connor, and
father of Thomas X, Eugene F.. Mar.-, Joseph-
' ine' and Maggie O'Connor, a native of Ennis-
, ■ corty. county Wexfor.i, lr land, aged 03 yean.
Friends nn» respectfully Invite I to attend
' the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 8:30
O'clock A M.. from IIU late res. deuce, .-.37. Alva-
-1 rado street, in"nc « in St. Jvm-i Cnurcb.' corner
' of Twenty- thirl and Guerrero streets, where a
solemn higii ot<i will ba celebraied for the
repose of bis soul, commencln; at 10 o'docx
. a.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Y. M. C. U.— Officers «nd members of Loyola
Asse 11 1:1 y No. i, Y. M C. U. are requested 10
attend the funeral 01 their late brother. .hueene
, O'Connor. THIS DAY (Thursd^). at. 9:30
, o'clock a. x., from nis late residence, 337 Alva-
■ raJo street, off rancher, between Twenty- sec-
ond and Twenty-third. Yours fraicrttallv.' •
M. B. CASEY. Pres.
J. J. Powers. Kes. Pec. . :., : . .
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY— Members of the
Gentlemen's Solality are request.*! 10 niton l the
funeral of hvuene O'Connor THIS DAY (Thnrs-
' day), at 9:30 o'clock a. M. i<v oiderof -
JAMKs K. KELLY, Prefect.
Fbakcis Bubke, secretary. ■, ; ,
"" OPPKNiiEIM— In this city, April 20, 1897. Jean-
uett', only child of bamuel P. and KdtiaAisip
1 Oppenbeim, axed 1 year 1 mourns and 14 days.
. BKELLY — In this cltv. April 20, 1897, John H.
' iskelly. dearly beloved brother of Emma L,
Skelly and Mrs. K. C McDevi t. a native of New
g -. lent City, aged 45 years and 10 mouths. .'
2 •^Friends and acquaintance* are r.>«ne--
" folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the par-
it lors oi Theodor Dierics. 667 Mission stree-.
f, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
i Cemetery.
BTREI-In this city. April 19, 1897. G. L. W.,
5 beloved husband of me late Anna D. Birei.
lather if J. H. Mrel and Mrs. L. E. Fritz, r.nl
grandfather of William. Alfred. Dorothea, Etta.
Lilly, l-.dwin, Violet. Geori<e and Grace Strel,
8 a native of Preussen. Germany, aged 82 years
c V months and 16 days, a member of Geseli-
• schaft 'leu ton! a .
• tat Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock P. v. sharp, at Teo-
" toma nail. 1322 Howard street, be ween Ni.un.
4 and Tentii. thence by creek route boat at ' 4
*• o'clock p. M. Remain* at the parlors of H. F.
• Buhr<& Co., 1-09 Mission street, near Kunth.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
i I McAVOY & CALLACHER,
j FTIXKRAL DIRECTORS * EMBALM KIM,
i\ 80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
■ Telephone South 80.
*■ NOTICE.— THE BUSINESS OF McAVOY
& (i.ILLAiH X will be conducted at the
3 old sand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
1 of the widow of the late Hl-NHY J. GALLAU-
I HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE P. GALLAQ-
? HtK. »>«S. H. J. GA..LAGHER.
m ANNIE B. GALLAGHKR.
FTZTTiTyi^XuZY*'^^^ CIIAB. mcmkxokkv
1 JAMKS McMESOMEV A SON,
CSUkKXAKKIis AND KMCUAI.aa.iiRS.
"XUiti Alisaion Street. Near s«*eutu. .
'• ; - 'lelephon* couth :<5-t. '- :
" LAUREL HILL
I CEMETERY ASSOCIATION -
L IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
— J. of burial plats and graves in its cemetery ani
give deeds. ' ■- ■ . ■
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at thi
Superintendent's office at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. Sun Francisco..
' MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATKO COUNTY; NEAREST CEMK-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
Of elusive: location unexcelled. Office VV7 THa/Wtf
■ureeC southeast corner of aixto. ••-.-
1314
SPRECKELS
ANDSEARLES
IN A DEAL
Part of the Watsonville
Factory Sold to the
Trust.
TO ENCOURAGE SUGAR
BEET GROWING.
Additional Big Establishments
to Be Erected in the
State.
ABROGATION OF THE HAWAIIAN
TREATY FAVORED.
The Reciprocal Features of the Con
vention Are Sail to Have
Disappeared.
As the result of a deal effected between
Claus Spreckels and John E. Searles,
secretary of the American Sugar Refineries
Company, during the latter's recent visit
to this City, the next year or two will see
a remarkable development in the baet
sugar industry in this State, an influx of
Eastern capital ana a reduction in the
price of sugar on the Pacific Coast and in
all that part of the United States west of
the Rocky Mountains.
During the sojourn of Mr. Spreckels in
tho Last on his way to Europe to study the
beet-sugar industry in Germany and other
countries of the Continent, he was ap
proached by the leading men connected
with the great sugar trust with a proposi
tion to pool issues with that organization
and personally a<-unie charge of the beet
sugar branch of the business in the United
States, The trust offered to invest $10,
--000,000 in the enterprise. Mr. Spreckels,
however, declined the proposition.
But the Eastern people were not dis
couraged. They saw in Mr. Spreckels'
energy and enterprise in encouraging the
raising of sugar beets in California and
the establishment of beet-sugar factories
in various parts of the State a much more
Benous menace to their interests than the
importation of free sugar from Hawaii.
Determined to do the best they could
under the circumstances, they sent Mr.
Searles, one of the shrewdest men con
nected with the tru.-t, to this City to open
negotiations with Mr. Spreckels. Mr.
Searles arrived Here the latter part of
March, remained in this City about four
days, and then made an inspection of the
Spreckels beet-sugar lactory, located at
Wateonville, and al=o paid a visit to the
site of the new sugar factory that Mr.
Spreckels is building in the Salinas Val
ley, near the town of Salinas, which will
De" the largest establishment of its Kind in
the world when in full opeiauon.
Meanwhile he had opened negotiations
witti Mr. Spreckels lor securing an interest
in th WftUOnYille iactory and was suc
cessful to the extent ot purchasing about
a one-linn interest.
Claus Spreckels, when interviewed yes
terday concerning the transaction, con
firmed the iucts relative to the deal as out
lined in ihe foregoing statement. He also
gave some additional information, which
shows that lie had the welfare of the State
in mind when consummating the arrange
ment.
"By this transaction," he said, "the
trust did not, as you will perceive, secure
a controlling interest in the factory. That
is stul in my hanas, so that we will always
be in a position to compete in the open
market. It is understood tuat tUe trust
will co-operate with me in the work of de
veloping the beet-sugar industry in this
State by the erection of anumoeiuf fac
tories as fast as they are required. Their
establishment will depend, o: course, on
the rapidity of the growth of sugai-beei
plantation.-. It is a;so tlteir intention to
dfvelop this industry throughout the
United States.
'•'1 his wiil mean a large investment of
Eastern money in our State, tne enhance
ment of land values wherever sugar beets
can be grown and the resulting prosperity
of the a.: j cent and surrounding country.
It has been repeatedly demonstrated that
the profits of sugar-beet growing are
larger per acre tuan lor any other crop
that can be grown on the same land."
Mr. Spreckels quoted figures from actual
results showing that where 225 acres
planted to barley returned but $12 75 per
acre i>rotit, the very same land in sugar
beets neaeii $59 33 per acre. In another
instance about tbe .-ame quantity of land
on an uive-iment of about $10,000, includ
ing $7 \er acre for :ent, returned tbe
sugar-beet grower v protit of over $7000.
"Another important outcome of this
new arrangement," continued Mr. Spreek
els, "is that the price o; sugar will be
equalized thiougliout the United States.
At the present time the price is about a
ualf cent Higher ou the Pacific Coast than
it i> in the East, and this induces many
large iocal consumers of sugar to go to
China for the r supplies. Wiien all tne
details of the new deal are carrud out the
prices on ibecoaibt will be reduced to what
the ruling figures are in the East."
■'There has been a great deal of talk of
your being opposed to th* renewal of the
reciprocity treaty with Hawaii, by which
sugar is allowed to come in irce from the
islands," remarked the interviewer.
"I have large interests in the Hawaiian
I lands," began Mr. Spreckels. "I am a
large owner in three sugar plantations.
Likewise I have a good deal ot pronerty
SEW TO- OAT.
Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Ccticcra Soap, a single application of
Ccticira (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of CuncuEA Resolveo 1 .
i? rr,\,> throughout the world. Fottm li.ky,. Co«r, *ol«
Frops., Boatoo. "How to Cure Torturing Uomor»." free.
DAftV'ft QiHU Scalp uid Htir pnrifieo %nd utit-
DHDI O OlVln tifitd bj ctjitte* By*r.
there. I have a bank there, and my sons |
Adoluh 15. and John 1). are interested in
the firm of W. G. Irvin & Co.
"1 have heretofore remained neutral in
the matter o; the abrogation of the re
ciprocity treaty with Hawaii, but when
you ask me the direct question as to my
views on the subject I, as an American
citizen, feel compelled to say that it is a
one-sided affair.
"In the first year of the treaty there
were only 10,000 tons of sugar produced in j
the islands. Last year the product iiad
increased to 223,000 tone, and this year's
e-timate places the crop at 235,000 tons.
Thi-< vast industry has been built up by
our country in permitting the nucar from
the islands to come in hfee free of duty.
"The remission of duty on Hawaiian
sugar amounts to date to the enormous
sum of $73,000,000. If tbe present treaty,
as included La the tariff bill under con
sideration by the Senate at the present
time, remains In operation it will give to
the islands about $7,000,000 per annum as
a virtual bounty on the sugar raised there
and exported to thi-* country, and this
amount will practically come out of the
pockets of the citizens of this country. If j
the treaty is continued they will eventu- i
ally bring their annum crop of sugar up
to 300.0'J0 tons. New plantations are being
opened up right aong, and with the re- I
ciproci y treaty as an incentive the |
amount of production will increase every
year. This will result in injury to the
sugar industry of this and other States of
the Union.
"There is realiy nothing reciprocal
about this treaty " to-day. It is all one
sided. The balance of trade in tav^r of
the inlands amounts to about $7,000,000 or
$8,000,000 per annum. The articles im
ported from tnis country are only such as
they cannot obtain cheaper elsewhere.
Since the advent of the Canadian line they
have imported hay, lumber, grain, pota
toes and other merchandise, formerly pur
chased in this country, from Canada. Most
of tneir other importations now come
from England, France and Germany, a*
the import duty is only 10 per cent, not
enough to favor importations from this
country.
"For these reasons I am in favor of tbe
abrogation of the treaty, as I look first to
the protection of home industries."
"How about Pearl River Harbor, which
was ceded as a coaling station to the
United States as one of the conditions of
the reciprocity treaty? Would that not
be lost to the United States?" was asked.
"Not at ali. I believe that the rignt that
the Government of this country acquired
to the harbor when the treaty wat made
gave it a title for all time, whether the
treaty was continued after its original life
had expired or not. But even if that
were lost to our Government it would not
b.' anything to mourn over, as the harbor
would be useless in case of war.
"Surrounding the entrance to the har
bor i? a coral reef, and it would cost sev
eral millions of dollars to blast enough of
this away to make a pa^age for ships to
enter the inland body of water, which is
the haroor proper. To maintain this en
trance free of obstruction would also be a
continual sou.'cc of expense to the Gov
ernment, as the coral insects would re
sume operations at once and at
tempt to close the gap that had been
artificially made. But even assuming
] that the entrance was opened and couid
be kept so, the harbor would simply be a
trap for the vessels that would attempt to
use it during a period of war.
"As i have already stated, Pearl River
Harbor is an inland sheet of water four or
j five miles from the ocean, and tD reach
| it vessels would have to thread a narrow
and devious channel, which would i lace
them at tue mercy of any hostile fleet
lying outside; and should one of our war
ships be Mink in the channel it would ef
fectua ly blockade all the other vessels
that were sheltered in tne inner harbor.
Or the enemy might, by some strategic
move, sink one of its own vessels in ttie
channel, and this would not only blockade
all our vessels that were inside, but would
prevent tbe use of the harbor at just such
a time when we would have the most
urgent use for it."
This is t l i« first time that Mr. Spreckels
has openly avowed his opposition to the
renewal of the Hawaiian reciprocity
treaty, but it has been known to the
sugar-beet growers for some time. When
the reet farmers of San Benito, Monterey
and Fresno counties were securing signa
tures to a petition to be presented to Con
gress favoring the abrogation of ihe treaty,
he was approached with great diffidence
by the officials of the Fresno and
Hollister banks, as they did not know
how he felt about the matter. They were,
therefore, agreeably surprised when he
informed them of his being in iavor of
abrogation.
Just before concluding the interview
Mr. Spreckels stated that in a year from
now the two factories at Watsonville and
near Salinas will be able to supply the
whole Pacific Coast with f-u^ar. He also
took occasion to say that the trust did not
control either the Watsonvilla beet-sugar
factory or ihe We.-tern Sugar Refinery —
that they simply owned an interest in
each of these establishments, neither of
which was in the trust.
It was further learned from other sources
that t'je trust had not secured any inter
est in the two beet-sugar factories, located
at China and Alvarado, and owned re
spectively by the Oxnard Bros, and the
Alameda Sugar Company.
WILL FAVOR ABROGATION
Senator Perkin> Will Oppose the
Continuance of the Hawaiian
Treaty.
Decl;res That the Growing Beet-
Sugar Industry of the State
Nefd Protection.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21 East
ern papers ibis afternoon published the
news printed in The Call this morning
that Harold M. bewail of Maine will be
appointed Minister to Hawaii. It is be
lieved in diplomatic and Congressional
circles that ti.e selection ol bewail mean?
that tbt administration will urge the an
nexation of the is.andj,
Meanwhile the right ior and against the
abrogation of the Hawaiian reciprocity
treaty is getting hot. Senator Perkins to
day presented to the Seriate two huge pe
titions from California, one favoring and
the other opposing the treaty's abroga
tion. The petitions were referred to the
Foreign Relations and the Finance com
mittees.
A lively debate is sure to bo precipita
ted over the abrogation of the treaty,
whether the proposition comes from the
Finance Committee or as an amendment
proposed by Senator Mills.
To offset this Senator Chandler will
doubtless repeat his former argument
that the United States ought not to
jeopardize its ascendancy in the Pacific,
while Senator Morgan will insist that the
existence of the treaty gives this country
a command of the Hawaiian situation not
to be wilfully thrown away.
The news of the possible action of the
Finance Committee has greatly excited
the Pacific Slop-. Senator Perkins has
already tiled the petition of the California
btate Grange in lavor of abrogating the
treaty, and yesterday he received the peti
tion of a large number of representative)
merchants, manufacturers and capitalists
in San Francisco taking the opposite
view. This petition denies tbut the
United States have been the losers by
the operations of the treaty.
Senator Aldrich is said to be strongly
opposed to the treaty's continuance, and
it l^ considered probable that the tariff
bill 10 be reported from the Finance Com
mittee will provide for its abrogation.
Mr. Mills of Texas will make a speech in
support of this proposition.
The possible abrogation of the treaty
brings up the important question of
whether the right granted to the United
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1897.
States in that treaty to exclusively use
Pearl River harbor and establish a coaling
station there would also l&li to the ground
at tbe same time.
Senator Frye, who has Riven the ques
tion considerable thought, said that
morally the United States would have to
abandon the harbor, but legally it could
keep posj-ession.
"At tlie time of the negotiation of the
treaty," said Mr. Frye, "the Foreign Re
lations Commute • was unanimously of the
opinion that the cession of the harbor was
for all time, but Minister Carter, asking
an opinion of the State Department, was
informed by Secretary Bayard that the
ri^bt to t' c ii a r b > r expired witti the
treaty. Personally, I don't think we
could hold the harbor and look any other
nation in the face. I don't believe,
though, that the treaty will be abrogated.''
Senator Mills, who has been fighting for
the repeal of the treaty for twenty years,
said that the Pearl Harbor question did
not enter into the question at all. "We
will keep the harbor, if need be," said he.
"We nuve already given the Hawaiians
some $70,000,000 in remitted duties and
that ought to pay for any harbor on earth.
The treaty was illegally negotiated in the
iirst place.
"Tha House of Representatives is em
powered to raise revenue and it should
have been consulted when there was a
proposition to release millions and mil
lions of revenue. The ratification of the
treaty by the Senate was an act of usurpa
tion. 1 shall certainly do all I can to se
cure its repeal."
In this connection it Is interesting to
know that Secretary Sherman believes
that the abrogation "of the treaty would
not carry with it the !oss of Pearl Harbor.
When the subject was last before the S?n
ate he ma .<• bis position very plain. "We
have an absolute, undeniable, unqualified
grant," said he, "which was originally
MISS FLORENCE McDONALD SHEARER, the Authoress of
•* The Legend of Aulus," in the Insane Ward of the Gty
Receiving Hospital.
paid for by $23,000,000, to say nothing of
an extension ol seven years, which was
given. W« have paid and doubly paid for
that harbor; we own it now; it is in our
possession."
Although a two-thirds vote is required
to ratify a treaty the abrogation can be se
cured by a mnjonty vote. Whether this
majority vote can be obtained is of course
a matter more for speculation than cer
tain prediction at this time.
Of the^e eleven, Messrs. Aldrich. Allen,
Cafferry, Cullom, Hansbrotijih, Mills and
Pettigrear are still in the Senate. Cir
cumstances then, however, were much
different from what they are at the
present time. The amendment was
offered i/i opposition to the Finance Com
m ttee. and the Democrats, with two ex
ceptions, stood by their party. If the
proposition comes before a session with
the indorsement of ttie Finance Commit
tee it will have a muci better status in
court, bo to speak, and besides this the
development of the beet-sugar industry
has done much to stimulate opposition.
Three years ago mere was no one more
antagonistic to the abrogation of the
treaty tnan Senator Perlcins. Mr. Per
kins is now inclined to think that a ma
jority of the Semite favors abrogation and
he included himself in this majority.
While several causes are operating to
bring about the abrogation of tne treaty,
the rao-t important v the belief that the
Uni ed States is getting considerably the
worst of the bargain. Senator Perkins
Bays: "Reciprocity oueht to reciprocate,
tout in this ca^e it dees not seem to do ?o.
Under the treaty all the sugar produced
in Hawaii comes in Iree of duty. The
amount li.is Meinl'.ljr r:ien until in 1892 it
ngsrrecatpd $«,000,000 and last year was
nearly $12,000,000.
"Tins repre-ents the amount of money
we pay the sugar-growers in t lie island*.
In the new tariff the duly on su^ar is $.; i
a ton. As we remit that duty in favor of
the Hawaiians, it mean* (but wo present
them with a bounty of $30 a ton on all the
sucarthey produce.
"There is no reason why we should
mako that discrimination in their favor.
"They take goods from vi.to be »ure,but
only about $3,000 00U or $4,000,000 a year,
so that the balance of trade is immensely
in their favor. While the value of our
purchases from them has increased at the
rate of $1,000,000 a year our xports last
year to them were only $200,000 larger
than they were in 1892. luis is the nub
of the whole matter, so l«r as our imports
and exports are concerned. As for
our own interests, I know that
at the Watsonville sujiar factory in
my State, during the nve months*
and a half of the *ugar campaign, there
was paid out $4400 a day to farmers for
their sugar beet;*, while $1200 a day addi
tional was paid out for laoor, lime nnd
fuel. While I am aware that there is a
very strong protest in San Francisco
against abrogatine the treaty I feel that
the people of the State rrould rather have
the treaty abolished, and 1 must also con
sider their interests.' 1
"It is said tb.st the abrogation of the
treaty and the consequent imposition of
the sugar tariff on the Hawaiian product
would bankrupt the planters of the
islands," remarked The Call's corres
pondent.
"It would do nothing of the kind,"
promptly responded Mr. Perkins. '-These
p.antations now pay 25 per cent on the
money invested. Witn the duty on iuear
they would pay 10 or 12 per cenU"
CRAZED BY TOO
MUCH HARD WORK
The Sad Illness of Miss
Flora McDonald
Shearer.
For Twenty-Three Years She
Was a Teacher in the
Pub ;c Schools.
The Authoress of "The Legend of
Au'm" Found in Distress
Near the Presidio.
Miss Flora McDonald Shearer, the au
thoress of "Tho Legend of Aulus," a vol
ume of clever poems, and a prominent
teacher in the Washington Grammar
School, was conveyed yesterday afternoon
to Dr. Whitwell's private asylum at San
Mateo.
Miss Shearer entered the School Depart-
ment twenty-three years ago, shortly
after reaching this City from her home in
Scotland.
She has alwnys been an energetic and
hard worker. Her ambition to attain dis
tinction in the literary world caused her
to overhix her powers, ana her friends
have noticedwith pain her gradual falling
off in health. This lia been apparent
especially during the past month.
Last Friday Mrs. Bucknall, wife of the
well-known physician, who has been a
friend of Miss fcfhearer lor th; past twenty
years, called on her at the school. She
escorted h< r home, where Dr. Bucknafl
cave her calmine potions. Monday night
she was lei: in charge of Mi»n McKenzie,
with whom she resides, at 1513>4 Taylor
street. The young woman relaxed her
vigilance Tuesday morning and Miss
Snearer left the house. A note found in
her room stated she had gome to the
Home of Peace Cemetery.
The police were notified late Tuesday
night that she had failed to return home,
and her de-cr. ptiun was sent to the out
side station*-.
About 6 o'clock yesterday morning Offi
cer Gaynor of the North End station ob
served a woman acting strangely on the
beach near the Presidio. She was scantily
attired and her >kirts were dripping wet.
The officer addressed her, and soon
learned that not only was xhe the missinc
schoolteacher, but that she was insane.
"I was on mv way to dinner at a friend's
last ni«ht," she said, "when I fell into a
bog. I have been washing off the mud
from my dress."
She couid m.t tell who her friend was or
how she had spent the night.
Tiie unfortunate woman was conveyed
to the Receiving Hospital, whence her
friends h;.d her conveyed to ihe asylum.
It is believed by the physicians and
Mrr. Bucknall that Mijs Shearer's illness
is enly temporary, and that she will re
cover with a few weeks of seclusion and
rest. -
FOR TILL-TAFPING.
Frank Tiernan ConTlcted and William
1 <>.v l)]|(h»i E «rt.
Frank Tiernan and William Toy, charged
with till-tapping, appeared before acting
Police Judge Kerrigan yesterday morning.
Toy took the stand as a witness for the
prosecution against Tiernan and Tiernan
was convicted and ordered to appear for
sentence to-day. The charge against Toy
wm dismissed.
The offense for which they were arrested
was for stealing $5 from the till In Horan's
saloon, 743 Howard street. They were
also »uspec:ed of stealing $5 lrom Heg
gerty's saloon, Fourth and Clementina
streets; $2 Ironi a saloon at Fourth and
Tcliama sireets, and $45 from a saloon at
Third and King streets.
About two years ago Tiernan and Toy
were arrested for robbing George Hogan,
a newspaj>er man. in J. Wright's saloon
on Ihird and Everett streets. Tlie charge
was reduced to petty larceny and they got
six months each in the county Jail.
Kximliier of TVa».
A civil service commission examination will
be held in the Custom-house on May 15 for
tho position of Examiner of Teas. The office
was created by the passage oi an act by Con
gress to prevent the importation of impure
and unwholesome teas. Applicants should
apply to riaskins, secretary of tbc Board of
Examiners.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOOD«.
J| / INCORPORATED* «f
4% 937-945 MARKET STREET. |*
I A TALK ON POPULAR DRESS GOODS 1
*B" A PLAIN, COMMON-SENSE TALK. $£.
«§>-£ These goods are new, they are stylish, they are desirable— for Vacation, Summer or g^.
J&* Outing Dresses — for Children's wear or Shopping Suits— the goods we ofier to-day are <*/*
Sg unexcelled. 3 %
*E ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS, Worth 35c— SPECIAL 21c Yard B*
#g FANCY TWILL MIXTURES, Worth 40c— SPECIAL 21c Yard 3*
*JS FANCY BEIGE SUITINGS, Worth SPECIAL 25c Yard 3^
*B FANCY JACQUARD SUITINGS, Worth SPECIAL 39c Yard 2*
<&£ : : : ~ 3*
FANCY ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS — See FANCY JACQUARDS, a two-toned fancy <3
£to them in the window, a big line in Jacquard Suiting, worth 50c a yard. %W
«^jo spring colorings, 36 inches wide and <yt 38 inches wide and the acme of style on otef-
J£J° actually worth 35c a yard. Very -fell' and novelty. An advertising special »j"C 0/:}
j^C special Yard at .". Yard 3^
T>o FANCY MIXED TWILL SUITINGS— See " FANCY CHECKS, in all the latest colors, *>- B^f*
gg window display, a 36-inch fabric, *** for skirts, dresses and trimmings, all J>oC 3^
«&v, worth 40c a yard. To advertise the . -£•** pure wool. At Hale's Dress Goods sale Yard 3d»
t.)o department Yard 3^
„ fc FANCY MOSAIC SUITING, spring nov- 3#-
FANCY BEIGE SUITINGS,, in grays and C r cities, 38 inches wide. See them in oc °<3
*;U illuminated combinations, very swell, £o*' our windows. At Hale's Dress Goods J3C _t^
"f^-g a 38-inch cloth. An advertising extra.. Yard sale Yard 5^
(5),)o •; - ©■!•?»
Jfc.to These prices are "Advertising Specials." You may want All fresh, new soring stocks— not shopworn stuff to dis- °tlt
Tl an expensive dress some time, and your experience with us appoint you, but bright new fabrics in the latest shading*. «=<^
A." wi I make you customers. Sec window display. eJ 3
y£ 2" :i^
A SILK AND WOOL NOVKLTY DKKSS GOODS— A (\C ~ ' 3i^
*" » Wr offer two cases of our 37-Inch 50c suitings this rt\) RT Arv _. _-„ _. ... . c ,^_ , , , Zj^T
Jt,,Cl weekai Yard BLACK (?ATIN DAMASS3E, very large desi?n% very (TJI.OO d 5
(PC. exclusive, elegant. We lead the town in blacic silks tiP-L °^4 I
*C NEW MKLBA CHECKS— You nant the latest. Here crvC and Ins. At Uales Yard at
TFC, it is, dark or medium, 38 Inches wifle. On sale at.... «>U . 3^l3*
Yard CHANGEABLE MOIRE SILK, called Glace Moire an- ©I .25 3-•
*?U -or .„„ „„,„„ .r-T^.-TTTTT: — , tlque. some very new colon, a good assortment. At dpi 3*<3*
♦•(f BLACK MOIRE VELOUK SILKS, very large antique ffii.OO Hale's .; .Yard °< ,2
effec;s, the correct thing for skirts At Hale's «JpJ- ............ o/^im
J£l)o Yard : TAFFETA GAUZE, a delicate combination of taffeta tftji .25 3^
£j° MOIKE VELOURS TKK A FAD IN NEW YORK. aad etam| ne, one of the grenadine family, very new. t&±- — °St?s~
JIOIKE VtLOURS Alth. Ar AD IJ« AEW YORK. At Hale's . - , Yard °S
I WASH DRESS FABRICS! I
"S^S VERY SPECIAL TUiS WEKK-i-araple pieces of MOIRE OROANDIK-The very latest, dainty warp ' °{&»
-£,to Dimities and Lawni purchased in Hew ork. llren re print twi^s and flowers beautifully set off by the O'C or£
"^£ effects, stnpe^doisuncirtainty floral figures for chil- O jfgtit moire tinted grounds, » silken finish different 20 o<^
*>° dren-s dresses. our pick t. is week at Yarl irom theordinary. Ai Haie's:.. .................. Yard oT^
T^U SEW DIMITIES— 26 patterns, in some novel effects, rrlC t TiMinvr TicaiTo rm. ~~, 7~ °i-I^
•.C vfry prstty, fine weave and 28 lncnes wide. At <S ,h T IS3LS — , ? very Utesi linen effect, a white OAC ol^+ ■
*Z?U Hale's . Yard thread runs in double crossbar stripes tbe length of £\J ol^2~.
T £ ' the fabric, half pure flux, strong as silk. At Hale's . Yard S^
4*?f DOTTED SWISS ORfiA NIUES— a dotted "J AC 2J5
*T (° ;-wiss in rich organd c patterns, 15 combinations to -L" LINEN HOMESPUN —A toush wiry fabric especially Ire 3^T
Jk"t.f> chocse from. At Hale's Yard for seaside ana mountain wear, smells of the flax a JO 3/^»
*'.£ THE LATEST MULL-Looks like a paint, summer/ novelty for summery g,r... At Hale', Yard 3^T
&%, ing in oil. rain ow tints in bright designs, completely -1 p C IMPORTED LAPPETTS-B : rch bark erounds mloirle OOP °)£-
-j^C, covered with flower, and leaves In various shapes 10 with a surt stiipe, delicately shaded ft»«" in moiuJd 33 °^^
and Mzes. rich, elegam: aak for U. At liale's Yam effecta, very flue weave, 30-Incn. At Hale's molUed V arJ g^-
II CHAMOIS GLOVES. 1}
*» — : - ' I*
>^5o THE LATEST FOR WASH DRESSPS-A cake of Cleaning Soap free with every pair. Will wash like a handkerchief if 3
TC properly treated^ Heavily embroidered wash silk back; two or three clasp. The only correct glove fdr summer 2^
jc^Jo dresses. At riAic B—~ ~^ c _
Tg OSo 01.00 -A. p_m. 3^
1 1 FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. II
o o o o o oJ^ 1
THE MONUMENT TO
LINCOLN'S MEMORY
Archbishop Riordan More
Than Willing to Ren
• der Aid.
Rev. Dr. Dille Thinks a Lin
coln Service Would Be Most
Appropriate.
Circulars to Be Sent Out to All the
School Children— Lincoln Day
Programme.
To-day a circular addressed to the
school-children will be sent broadcast
over the State by the Lincoln Monument
League.
"This movement." it states, "started by
comrades oi the Grand Army, has jzrown
to be a movement of the people. It will
be everybody's monument. It will be
your monument, for you can help to
build it."
The advisory board has now been com
pleted. Its personnel includes: Mayor
Phelan, Hon. George C. Perkins, Hon. E.
B. Pond, Hon. L. EL. Eilert, Hon. Adolph
Sutro, C. L. Barrington, R. H. Webster,
Dr. D. F. Rasan, Samuel L. Waller, Ed
win L. Head, Dr. Charles A. Clinton, Rev.
Dr. E. B. Spaulding, Silas A. White,
Henry E. Highton, Joseph P. Le Count,
P. F. Walsh, Charles B. Perkins.
Two thousand certificates, in books of
fifty, were sent down to the G. A. K. en
campment at Salinas yesterday. The au
;h nzation to destribute circulars and
receive money was printed in last Sun
day's Call.
The committee on schools and churches,
composed of Professor Elisha Brooks,
principal of tlie Girls' High School; Pro
fessor Si. as A. White, principal of the
Spring Va ley Grammar Scliool; Pro
fe>sor W. B Hamilton, principal of
the Lincoln Grammar School; Professor
beldon Smrge", vice- principal of the
Horace Mann Grammar School, and Cap
tain A. J. Itsell, vice-principal of the
Hearst Grammar School, nas nrepared an
appropriate programme for the exercises
in the public schools on Lincoln day, May
28, and submitted it to Superiendent Web
ster. It will shortly be sent to the princi
pals of the vnnou- schools.
Letters commendatory of the worthy
project are still coming in to Professor
W. «. Stonf, the president of the league.
Tney come not only from the Golden
State and the Pacific Coast, but the far
East.
Adjutant Henry J. Sakley of Uncle
Sam Post, G. A. R.. Los Angeles, signifies
his willingness to do bard work for the
cause if endowed with the proper author
ity.
Archbishop Riordan writes as follows:
San Francisco, April 20, 1897.
Professor W. W. Stone— JL)ear Sir: I nin in
perti. c: accord with the aims o! the Lincoln
Monument National League, mvl shall be piad
to co-operate In any way that I can with Hie
committee having charge oi the work. Sin
cerely yours. P. W. Riordan.
Dr. E. R. Dille writes that the idea of a
Lincoln service in all the churches is an
admirable one, and he is sure the clergy
will all fall in line with fervor. "I shall
count it," lie says, "the privilege of my
li f ■ to render the movement any aid in
my power."
Under the date of April "20 Robert A.
Friedrich, president of the Union League
Club, writes that he presented the matter
of raising a fund for the monumeut before
the ciub at its last meeting.
The proposition met with a hearty re
sponse and a committee bad been an
poinied to co-operate with the league. It
is composed ol Judge M. Cooney, Hon.
Tirey L. ivord and Colonel A. E. Castle.
James Lewis Rake. Commander-in
chief of the Sons of Veterans, writes a
letter to Frofes>or Stone from Reading,
Pa., heartily commendatory of the pro
ject.
J. Winkler writes from Oakland that at
the la-t meeting of Lyon Post the matter
was i aid beture it and all were enthusi
astic in Its support.
A conference committee was appointed
in the per.-ons of Past Commander J.
Winkler, Surgeon J. A. Robinson and
Chaplain J. H. Curry.
John D. Spreckols writes that he cannot
serve on the advisory committee-owing to
i he demands of business and absence
from the State, but that he is heartily in
sympathy with the movement tv do honor
to the memory of Lincoln and wishes the
league incrrrt
DRANK CARBOLIC AOID.
Frederick Burgmayer Committed Sui
cide Last Night.
Frederick Burgniayer, 38 years of age,
a cook by occupation, committed suicide
by taking carbolic acid in his home, 952
Harrison street, last evening. The de
ceased was in an intoxicated condition
when he swallowed the dose that ended
his life.
Burgmayer was employed on the
stea mer Farallone.
Early yesterday morning be informed
his wife ihat he would return home at 7
o'clock in ihe evening.
At 10 o'clock he made his appearance
and had apparently been drinking
heavily.
Mrs. Burgmayer was in an adjoining
room attending to her children, of whom
she has two. She returned in a few min
uter and found her husband on i c floor
in convulsions. An empty carbolic acid
bottle lay near at hand.
Tne Coroner's office was notified shortly
after death had taken place ana the body
was removed to the Morgue.
• — ♦ — •
The Chinese preserve eggs by coating
them with mud.
NEW TO-DAY.
Because you could
not be the first to
try Jrbpfiy Baking
Powder must you be
the last? If so, try
jjb%&zwg fine Spices
and Flavoring Ex-
tracts now. You
can judge one by
the other.
114 Tillmann & Bcudel, Mfrt.
FOR
THY
TABLE
We give UAL. Go ? d J ?! zed > p lutd p
ii riH'Yril and delicious — regu-
YOU the rKLUH lariy 10 cts. per lb.,
h!««t anil PKHfiN and chea P at that;
Dl!Sl ana ______ now 5 cts. per lb.
Charge TIM ~ You generally pay 50
~ LiiA els. perlb. for good
yon IeSS All Kinds, tea-now you get it
for it lew Crop. L°rsim ' or 3 lbg -
than any |D , Selected and put up
Atlior " l.ißLh in heavy syrup—
Oilier FRUITS usual price 20 cts. per
store in can— now 15 cts., or
MUIC ill .. : o lor 25 cts.
San (MAM- Finest in the State-
Iran* "111 butter that Is as bub.
. lilll'TFß ter should be; 25 cts.
CISCO. "---ifL 1 *- and 30 cts. a square.
HOiiSKY Old and mellow—
RYE regu'ar price $1.25;
U'HKIiY Special 85 cts. per
wniatl bottle.
21 Stockton Street, 18258 Fillraore St.,
NEAR MARKET. I Near Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given
to Mail Orders. • -
LOWEST PRICES
ARQEST STOCK
ARQEST STORE
FURNITURE
CARPETS
BEDDINGS
EASY TERMS
OR CASH
-
Large Line of Second-
hand Furniture, Carpets,
Show. Cases— aiw.iys on
Hand.
J. NOON AN
1017-1019-1021-1023 MUalon St.
516-518-520-523 Mliiuii St.
Above Sixth.
PHONE JESSIE 41
Ol EX 4.VEXINGS
nV'tUi/fJ WILCISX GGMfSOUND
JVfhe only reliable female regulator
Nf>ver Fall*. Sold by druggists $2.09
JEf Send *c. for Woman* tiafecnard.
, fiVWOGOZIOSICALGO.22B B.BtbSt I 7UI» l i'fc.