VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 141.
WILL ALL
EUROPE BE
INVOLVED?
There is Now a Prospect
of the Universal War
Predicted.
SWIFT PROGRESS OF THE
CONFLICT.
With the Fury of Demons the
Followers of the Crescent
and Cross Battle.
lUPKS SUCCEED IN CAPIURING
MILOUNA PASS.
This Is Considered the Key of La
rlssa, and Many Greek Positions
Are in Danger,
[CopyrigHted by the New York Sun.]
LONDON, Etta., April 19.— Although
scarcely more ihan forty-eight hours hare
elapsed since the declaration of war a cri
sis seems to be close at hand in the fast
and furious campaign between the Greek
and Turkish armies.
The bewildering succession of events
along the whole line of the frontier dem
onstrates first of all that war hereafter
will be a matter of days instead of months.
The situation at present, roughly speak
ing, is this:
On the west coast and frontier of Epirus
the Greeks are carrying everything before |
them ami making a victorious invasion of i
the enemy's country. The Turks on the
other hand have captured Milouna Pass,
which is considered the key of Larissa,
and the Greek position there and other
points in Thessaly are in the gravest dan- i
ger. It is impossible to deny that Turk
ish successes of yesterday and to-dey in
volve great peril to the Greek cause. The
loss of Larissa means an open road to j
Volo, «Tentnalfy to Athens, and unless I
the Turkish advance is speedily checked
the Greeks will have little to hope for. It [
is already argued in London that Greece
must retrieve to-day's disaster by some
Buch desperate venture as attempting j
to force the Dardanelles. All accounts !
agree that the Turks are fighting every- !
■where like demons, and the Greeks, al- 1
though outnumbered at most points, are '
behaving with no less valor and fury.
It is important before describing the
military events of the day to indicate the
bearine of the situation toward the '
mighty eventuality — universal war — I
which Salisbury and Balfour have been i
telline the world for months would surely '■
come if what we are now witnessing
should happen. Not one of these men or
any of their followers now pretend that |
this alarm was justified, or that the war i
will probably spread beyond the two i
countries involved.
The point principally debated by Eu
rope to-day is, Hcs war been permitted to
break out by the connivance of one or
more power-, or has ii come despite the
best efforts of concert by Europe to
preserve the peace? The best judgment
still is that Emperor William is chiefly
responsible for the Sultan's declaration of
war, after he had become convinced that
the powers were unwilling to act or to
continue to aci as full allies against
Greece. It is geuerally expected that all
the powers will tate a position of genuine
neutrality in a few days.
The London Gazette to-morrow will an
nounce the usual neutral attitude of Great
Britain.
In regard to Crete itself the situation is
peculiar, and there is no indication what
the powers will do. It is an undoubted
fact that the greatest peril to European
peace would lie in Greek success in the
present conflict. It is admitted in the
opinions telegraphed to London to-night,
even from Vienna and herlin, that the
failure of the Turks in the war with
Greece would mean the immediate doom
of the Ottoman Empire. That alone is
recognized as the probable cause of a gen
eral war. It is likewise admitted that
Europe will not allow the defeat of Greece
to result in any territorial penalties.
It is unnecessary to explain further why
SECRETARY SHERMAN'S POLICY IS "HANDS OFF."
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— Officials of the administration are more concerned over the
war than they were yesterday. They are worried over the idea the United States Government may
be brought into trouble through the request for the exercise of its friendly offices. Secretary Sherman
wants to pursue a policy of "hands off," and if Minister Terriil can get some other foreign Minister at
Constantinople to see that the Greeks in Turkey are protected during the fifteen days given them to
get back to Greece he will please his own Government mightily.
This afternoon Secretary Sherman went over to the White House and had a talk with the President,
presumably on this point. When he returned he said he had nothing to say about friendly offices or a
neutrality proclamation. The State Department officials hope the question of right of asylum will not
come up during the continuance of hostilities, as far as this Government is concerned. They are afraid,
however, there will arise great barbarities, bringing the question to the fore. The department issued
a statement to-day explaining the contents of Terrill's first dispatch, in which there is nothing new.
The second dispatch is still undeciphered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
tho "peace-a!-any-price" people of Europe
are praying for the success of the Turks.
A final test of practical value to the con
cert of Europe will probabiy come in a
few days. It is trying to localize the
struggle. The chief question is whether
they will be able to bring its ponderous
power to bear in time to prevent the
struggle going too far. Those who be
lieve the present action was aue to a dead
lock of the powers take a gloomy view.
Those who are confident the present
blood-letting was tacitly agreed upon as a
necessary outiet to the pent-up passions
of the East apprehend no disaster for Eu
rope at large. It is impossible to indicate
which judgment is the soundest.
MILOUNA PASS LOST.
But the Greeks Maintain Other
Positions and Kill a Vast
Number of Turks.
LONDON, Esq., April 19.— An official
dispatch was received at the Foreign
Office this afternoon saying the Turkish
troops have carried Milouna Pass and are
now on the direct road to Larissa, head
quarters of the Greek army. A dispatch
from Elassona dated midnight last night
says the Turks have captured Milouna
Pass and carried two Greek blockhouses
at the point of the bayonet.
Fighting was hot throughout, every foot
of the Turkish advance being desperately
contested. A number of telegrams were
received at the Foreign Office in the
course of the afternoon, most of which
show that fighting is still in progress and
that the Greeks are being beaten ait along
the line. These dispatches doubtless refer
to the frontier of Thessaly as the sc«ne of
conflict. All the foreign Embassadors
called at the Foreign Office to-day.
A dispatch to the Morning Post from
Elassona filed at 10 o'clock to-nieht gives
a description of the prolonged struggle in
Milouna Pass and adds, "I think the
Turks will be in Larissa to-morrow.''
ATHENS, Greece, April 19.— Advices
from Larissa say that after the capture of
Milouna Pass the Greeks fell back
precipitately, but re-formed and were
largely re-enforced. A late dispatch says
the Turks were finally repulsed at Re
veni.
Crown Prince Constantine, commander
in-chief of the Greek forces, has left the
headquarters at Larissa and gone to Tur
navo, whence he will go to Reveni. The
Greek brigade, which is advancing upon
Dumasi. is already in Turkish territory
and only an hour and a half's march
from the city.
General Mavromichalis' division is ad
vancing for the purpose of cutting off the
Turks, who are reported retreating in dis
order. Fighting has progressed at Bong
ban 6 nee yesterday morning. The
Greeks captured two Turkish posts, but
they were afterward retaken by the Turks.
The Greek battery stationed on Turkish
ground began bombarding Vigla, a Turk
ish stronghold. Tb« Turks replied with
heavy cannonading and continue to hold
their ground, despite the loss of a large
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 20, 1897.
QUEEN FRANCESCA of La Fiesta de Los Angeles, and the Ladies
of Her Court.
number. The Greeks are being re-en
forced and likely will capture the town.
Edhem Pasha's plan was to capture
Reveni and then enter tbe plain of
Larissa, cutting off the retreat of the
Greeks with cavalry, thus capturing the
city of Larissa without opposition. The
Greets, after repulsing the at'acfe, pur
sued iho Turks as far as DuroasL.
It is reported that 7000 Turks were killed
or wounded.
LARISSA, Greece, April 19.— This after
noon the Greek troops hitherto held in
reserve were ordered to the front to
strengthen the regiments which fell back
after the reverses at Kourtsiovali and
Milouna Pass. The greater part of the
Mastrapa brigade has gone to Mati to
assist in holding the pass there. The re
mainder, in conjunction with the Dimo
poulo brigade, is sustaining the attack
between Bonghari and Turnavo.
The Greeks still hold their positions at
Nezeros and Reveni Pass. The Greek
force at the latter plnce numbers 14,000.
LATEST FROM THE FRONT.
Dispatches From the Turkish Side
Say Edhem Pasha Holds
MMouna Pass.
LONDON', Exo., April 20.— N0 news has
been received in London from any source
in the vicinity of the critical position in
Milouna Pas;, of later date than 9 o'clock
last night.
Dispatches from the Turkish side at
that hour credited Edhem Pasha with
possession of the pa»s and all command
ine points. Dispatches from Athens,
dated Monday afternoon, assert the
Greeks have recaptured two or three
positions, but no details are given.
Latest dispatches from both sides agreed
that a decisive battle would be fought
Monday, but up to 5 o'clock this (Tues
day) morning not a word concerning any
engagement of the kind has been re
ceived.
GREECE MAKES PROTEST.
Neutrality Violated by a Contlnu-
ance of the Blockade of the
Cretan Ports.
ATHENS, Greece. April 19.— Skouzes,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has made an
official reply to the Turkish note in which
he rebuts the charge that Greece is re
sponsible for the war. He declares ihat
during the last few days preceding the
declaration the Turkish army repeatedly
committed aggressive acts.
The Government has sent a note to the
powers protesting that inasmuch as Greece
and Turkey are at war the continuance of
the blockade of Crete is a violation of
neutrality.
LONDON, Ex.;., April 19.— The opinion
is expressed by the authorities at the
Foreign Office that in view of the fact that
war has been declared it will be necessary
to remove the blockade of Crete. The
liaUau , ■■', ir» Cretan waters has been
ordered to proceed to Salonica.
The Times, diecussing editorially the
Greek invitation to tbe powers to with
draw their forces from Crete, says il
Greece meditates the recall of Colonel
Yasso?, commander of the Greek army of
occupation in Crete, so lie may co-operate
in the defense of his country, the powers
might strain a point and let him out, but
the Greek Government should say so.
Until she does the powers are not likely
to modify their action in Crate.
CHEFIK IS CONFIDENT.
The Consul-Ceneral Says It Is
Only a Question of a Short Time
Whpn Turkey Will Win.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.-Chefik
Bey, the Turkish Consul-Genera!, smoked
innumerable cigarettes and shrugged his
shoulders as he talked about the war to
day. When asked about the result, he
blew a rine of smoke in the air, saying:
"It is nothing — mere child's play. Lit
tle Greece, two, three millions— Turkey,
thirty-five millions. It may be two days,
two weeks, two months. We will win.
The Turks are great fighters. The Koran
tells us that, those who die in battle go
straight to paradise. They fight hard.
You Dave here but one California; Turkey
nas a dozen. We get grain from Asia
Minor and export it to England, France
and Italy. We want no American grain."
"What effect will the war have upon
the Greek residents in Turkey? May not
the exciten.ent lead to massacres?'"
"So long as they are quiet the people of
the Hellenes will be let alone, but if they
atir up trouble we will kill them like the
Armenians. We let them alone and allow
them their religion and they plot; they
go for our homes and we kill, we kill."
The Greek Consul-General said:
"I regard the capture of Preveza as
raoet important. We will hold the key to
Epirus. From Preveza and Arta is a good
highway leading to Janina, the
capital of Epirus, and the advance upon
that town wi<l bring about a general up
rising of the inhabitants, who are Greeks,
and may end in outflanking the Turkish
troops."
WHEAT PRICES RISE.
War News Gives a Blcr Scare to the
Bears In the Pit of the New
York Exchange.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19— War
news K»ve a bi« scare to-day to the boars
in the wheat pit of the Produce Exchange.
They knew they would have to climb to
cover short contracts. At 10:29 the wheat
pit was jammed, but still one minute later
the air was rent with the yells of buyers
and the floor was a football match. The
hands of the big dial which recorded the
openinjr fluctuations in May futures spun
round from ~~}4 cents, where they rested
Saturday, and aid not stop until they in
dicated 83;^ cents. Tne3' stayed there
only a second; then they traveled back
and forth a half cent every half minute.
The !od price was 83% cents, recorded at
10:40. It represented a net advance ol (5%
cents over the close of Saturday. For
eigners whose markets were closed sent
orders for execution, but many of these
orders were to sell. This, with the dis
position among the local bulls to take
prohts, resulted in a reaction, and from
83% cents there was a tumble in lets than
live minutes to 82 cents. The tendency to
sell gradually became general. Before
noon sales were made ai 80% cents. In
the final dealings prices .••»!;. m steadied,
with the close- for May at 81^ cents. In
the day's business in wheat futures2l,29o,
--000 bushels were divided as follows: May
8.890.000, July 8.815.000, September 2,880,
--000, December 705,000.
LOCAL WAR AT OMAHA.
Serlout Riot Follows the Reading
of Bulletins of the Latest
War News.
OMAHA, Neb, April 19.— A riot broke
out in the Greek quarter oi Omaha this
afternoon, and when the patrol wagons
crowded with police arrived on the scene
a number of Greeks, Turks, Syrians and
Arabians were suffering from Knife
thrusts and clubs, while the narrow
streets of the miserable little place in
which these nationalities are huadled to
gether was a withering mass of screaming,
fighting humanity. Those wounded are
Joseph t>aoa, Ollie Abbott, Hubbub Ye
kem, Assad Meyour and Gena Nassar.
Seven arrests were made. The police
soon had the district quiet.
The trouble grew out of the excitement
incipient to the receipt of the afternoon
papers containing war news from the Ori
ent. The women and children on both
sides indulged in the right. The wounded
are not dangerously hurt, except t>aba,
who is badly stabbed. He was delegated
to read the war news to the riotous crowd
which had assembled for that purpose,
when some enthusiastic Turk took of
fense, which precipitated the general bat
tle. The feeling over the war between
Turkey ana Greece is intense among the
colonists of these countries in Omaha and
many are taking advantage of the dis
turbed condition to wreak vengeance for
personal quarrels.
To Witness the Warfare.
WASHINGTON, I>. C, April 19.—Sec
retary Alger received a request to-day
from Captain George F. Scriven. military
attache of the United States embassy at
Home, for permission to join the Turkish
army and witness the maneuvers. The
request will probably be granted. It is
abo likely Captain Joseph H. Dorst, mili
tary attache of the legation at Vienna,
will be directed to join the Greek army.
During the war between China and Japan
Lieutenant O'Brien of the United States
army was with Yamagata's army, and
furnished valuable information about the
methods of modern warfare to this Gov
ernment.
. "" . Protection of Americans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— The
contemplated depletion of the Mediter
ranean squadron was countermanded by
the orders to-day to Admiral Selfridge in
structing him to retain the Cincinnati and
GREEKS GAIN VICTORIES ON THE WEST COAST.
ATHENS, GREECE, April 19.— Terrible havoc was caused by the Greek guns in the bombard
ment of the city of Prevesa, on the north of the Gulf of Arta, yesterday. Fully three-quarters of
the city is in ruins. The fleet resumed the bombardment at daybreak to-day, but the land force has
not yet made an attack upon the city. The firing was resumed at daylight this morning at various
points along the frontier with varying results.
Official information was received this forenoon that Colonel Manos, with 25,000 men, has crossed
the river Arachthus and is marching into Epirus. The Turkish advance posts within his line were
captured. Several thousand insurgents crossed the frontier into Epirus and are seeking to incite the
discontented inhabitants to rebellion.
Just east of Janina the frontier line, descending the southern slope of Mount Peristeri, strikes
the head of the Arta or Arachthus River and follows it down to the Gulf of Arta, cutting off a good
part of old Epirus to the Greeks.
Syrako, where Colonel Manos crossed with his troops, is on the Turkish side of
the river, between fifteen and twenty miles by the road from Janina, and on the road via Ghardiki
to Trikkala. From Syrako roads lead north and south along the river and west to the main road be
tween Janina and Prevesa, which it strikes about four miles north of the fortress of Philipadhia, in
the Xero-Vuni Mountains. This position practically controls this whole section, with the roads lead
ing from Janina to Arta, Prevesa, Parga and other points on the coast to the south.
ARTA, EPIRUS, April 19. — A strong force of Greeks started to-day for Janina, capital of Epirus,.
to capture the city by assault. Fighting is reported at Janina, but no details are given.
Raleigh, previously scheduled soon to re
turn home, until further orders. The
admiral has been granted discretionary
powers in regard to the protection of
American interests.
Did Great Britain Acquiesce?
LONDON, Eng., April 1!).--There are
several indications that the course of
events in the East was fully expected, if
not acquiesced in, by the British Govern
ment. Salisbury had a long interview
with the Queen at Cimez yesterday, but
has not hastened to return to London.
There is no unusual activity at the War
Office or Admiralty to-day. Reports from
Paris, Berlin, Vienna and Roiueshow that
affairs of state in each capital are undis
turbed by the breaking out of the war.
Greeks Ordered to Leave Crete.
CANEA, Crete. April 19. — Placards
bearing tne s-ignalure of the Governor of
Crete have been issued, notilying the
Greeks to leave the island in fifteen days,
in accordance with the orders of the Porte.
This is regarded as annulling the scheme
of the powers for the establishment of an
autonomous government.
AN EXPEDITION ANNIHILATED.
The Italians Given Another Most D/sas-
trous Lesson in Abyssmian
Eliquetie.
PART?, France, April 19.— A dispatch
to the Temps states that an Italian expe
dition under Major Bottego has been an
nihilated in Southern Abyssinia. The
Abyssinian general commanding at Baro
requested Major Botteeo to halt until the
expedition be authorized by the Negus to
proceed. The Italians fired on messengers
bearing a flag of truce and killed them.
In the light which ensued only two of the
Italians escaped.
LOST IX Ay AHi SRI P.
Strange 3ltm»ag« Found in a Sardine'
J!ox Dropped, on a Ham.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 19.— A
carious missile fell on James Graham's
barn Saturday night. He found it to be a
sardine-box in • which was inclosed this
message:
To Whoever Finds Tkft Note: There are throe
of us lost in an airship. Our names and ad
dresses are: C. J. Pillsbury. ISO Washington
street, Boston, Mass.; Pierre Humbert,
city engineer, Boston; C. 1). Novina, 72 Rue
Traffaut, Paris. On April Bwe were on terra
1 firma. Upon that day we descended upon
a town on the Missouri Pacific in Eastern
Kansas, named Weeks, which is about seven
teen miles north of Emporia. We have since
been sailing, we know not where. We are out
of water and have given up all hope, and
trust that whoever finds this note will imme
diately wire to the addresses given.
Yeßt«rday about 10 o'clock people on the
streets here were attracted by an object
about a mile above. It was conical
shaped, lite an immense ci.-ar, and was
evidently made of some light, bright ma
terial, presumably aluminum. For two
hours the people watched and fully 3000
saw it. Many of these sre emphatic in
the belief that it was an airship, which
finally disappeared in the west.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LA FIESTA'S
GAY REVEL
HAS BEGUN
Merry- Makers Invade
Queen Francesca's
Realm.
FIND THE ANGEL CITY
GATES AJAR.
Homes of the Angelenos Dec
orated as They Never
Were Before.
FEAST OF DELIGHTS FOR ALL
WHO COME.
To-Nlght the Civil Authorities Will
Surrender to Her Gracious
Majesty.
LOS ANGELES, Gal., April 19.— Like a
svarm of droning locusts the sob and
shriek of the fiesta whistle rises upon the
stricken night air from every street and
byway, appalling the transient and giving
cneerf ul token to the native that his great
annual festival has begun. There is no
other thing in the world so sad and so
terrifying by turns as the fiesta whistle,
to v,-hicn it has been given to yearly herald
this season of most unbounded joyousness.
To-day and to-night are preliminary.
The streets are already alive with
strangers, the hotel clerk has already
taken on that distressed look that indi
cates congestion and is the harbinger of
the small cot in the hallways %nd the
pwflors.
There is no doubt at all that the fiesta of
'i>7 will rise distinctly above its predecess
ors as an event in every way — a successful
event. The programme prepared, the
i elaborate details of every feature of it, the
| splendor of the spectacle, the imposing
i arrangements for viewing it and the dre-e
i and decoration of the city were all put
1 forth on a scale of magninoeuce to which
| the attempts of former years have been
i but stepping-stones leading or showing
j the way. The tribunes that formerly were
! temporary structures desieued to be torn
away immediately upon the close of the
gay queen's short reign have been ar
| ranged and constructed as fixtures, to be
i lha scene of her gellant display year after
! year. And the place and arraugements
! verve the purpose nobly. They are built
lat a !ar<.-e open space at Grand Avenue
I and Twelfth street, neither too far away
i from nor too close to the center of the
city. They are made to accommodate
15,000 people within the view of tbe queen
I and her retinue.
The arrangement is that of an oval,
open at the Twelfth-street end. At the
further end is the throne, and sweeping
round on the right and on tho left from
that elevated and favored position, under
Queen Francesca's eye, may be gnthered
the multitude. The opening at Twelfth
street is just wide enongh to admit of the
entrance and exit of the ereat parade. The
plan is that it thftU enter, make the com
plete circuit of the great oval and then
make its exit nt the same point and wind
away back to the city in another direc
tion. By tnis plan a noble spectacle may
be presented before the eye? of the Queen,
her retinue and all those enjoying seata
in the tribunes, for not less than half a,
mile of the procession will he immediately
within the inclosure. The prancing cabal
leros will thus not merely pass before the
Queen in the brief interval of half a block,
as under the previous arrangement, but
they may be watched as they make their
long approach toward the throne, and
then, swinging past it in the shorter
curve of the oval, retire down the equally
long stretch of the other side. So with
all the splendor and horror of the Chinese
pageant with its 500-foot dragon.
Heavy rollers were being run over the
wide amphitheater within the tribunes
to-day, making a level track for the
marchers. The finishing touches were
being put to the throne. There is plenty
of time to get it all into perfect order, as
the show does not concentrate there until
Wednesday afternoon.
To-niijlit the committee on decorations
has benun its hi- task of dressing up the
city. It has an army at work. It has
waited until the last moment in order
that the decorations may be quite fresh2
with the opening oi the festivities and the
chances of injury reduced to a minimum.
This Is the one thing amone the many
that experience has taught the decorators.
Everything was prepared and held in
readiness to be put into place with the
utmost expedition, and to-morrow even
ing will see all that district lying within
tlie boundaries of First and Seventh
streets, Spring and Broadway, swathed in
the wine, olive and orange that form the
nests, colors, ablaza at night with the
same colors flashed from incandescent
light?, ... d all relieved by a perfect forest
of ferns, and swinging at frequent inter
vals the broad folds of the stars and
stripes.
The work to-night is under the super
vision of Frank Wiggins, chairman of the
decoration committee. The general plan
contemplates the draping ot Main street
with the festival colors, so that it shall
wear the appearance of a long arch extend
ing from the plaza to Seventh street. The
bunting will be suspended from the trolley
wires and swung to the poles on Doth sides
of the street. Spring street to Seventh
will be all a-flutter with V-shaped Japanese
flags in the tri-color, swung from the
trohey wires. The flags are of satin,
edged with gold fringe. Broadway will be
treated similarly. Palms ana evergreens
spread from or twine about the teleeraph
and trolley poles. Swung also from the
trolley wires of all these streets, as well
as the side streets in the same area, are
tr;-colored incandescent lamps. On Main
street there are be>ides three electric V
sbaped arches of tri-colored lights. On
First, Second and Tnird streets are double
arches in similar lights, and again at
Broadway and T; ird another. All the
side streets, First to Fifth and from Broad
way to Spring, are dressed in tri-colored
bunting, with fans and pennants from the
troiiey wires and frequent American flags
of from twenty to forty feet spread.
The tribunes will be trimmed in white
with pennants swung on poles from the
back of the seats, giving a lively and
beautiful setting for the throng of people.
At the entrance to the tribunes will be
placed two immense tri-colored flags and
one American liag. A yellow canopy will
be spread above the throne, the base of
which will be green, with spreading palms.
Two larsre fiesta flags will swing from
each side of the lower steps. The sup
ports of tne throne will be covered with
green smilax.
The groundwork in the pavilion will be
of yellow, with a profusion of Chinese
lanterns, the supports tn yellow, trimmed
with ivy. The throne in the ballroom will
be covered with red silk.
At the athletic grounds the fiesta colors
will lind expression in pennants attached
to poles back of the bleachers, the grand
stand being trimmed with pennants and
the American flag. A special throne wiil
be built here also, trimmed with red satin
and gold.
Westlake Park, the scene of the water
rarnival, will be arched with incandescent
light.-.
The great carnival wi'l open to-morrow
evening with special ceremonies at the
Pavilion. At the tribunes there will be a
penes of Indian dances. Her Majesty
bavins* been put in the possession of the
keys of the city the evening before, wil;
nt sunrise on Wednpsday be saluted. On
the afternoon of tnat day the grand street
rarade will take place, a cavalcade of
caballeros and a special contingent of
Chinese, with their terrible writhing
dragon and gorgeous Oriental costumes
constituting characteristic features. In
the evening a grand concert will be given.
Thnrsdav afternoon will be given over to
athletic sports, and in the evening an illu
minated pageant.
On Friday there will be the beautiful
floral parade, and in the evening the
water carnival and fireworks at the park.
Saturday will be Children's day, with
patriotic exercises and a flag-raising, and
in trie evening the gay season will reach
its climax and conclusion in the great
revel of the maskers.
GARCIA WINS A BATTLE
Inflicts Heavy Loss on the
Spanish and Marches on
Manzanillo.
Shocking: Massacre of Wounded
Cubans by a Force of Guer-
rlllas.
HAVANA, Ciba, April 19. — General
Garcia is marching with 5000 men to at
tack the important town of Holguin, in
the province of Santiago, Cuba. The
Spaniards have tried to check hia ad
vance and a big battle has been fought
near Guamo. The Spaniards were com
manded by General Key. Advised of the
approach of the Spaniards, Garcia awaited
them on the Guamo road, placing seven
mines of aynamite in tbeir path. The
mines exploded prematurely, blowing up
only the vanguard of Rey's column, but
the explosion created a panic among the
Spaniards, who retreated in confusion.
Garcia then attacked the enemy witn ar
tillery and cavalry, and after a sharp
right, in which the Spanish loss was very
large, Rey withdrew, entering the town of
Guamo demoralized. Garcia, instead of
attacking Guamo, proceeded toward Man
sanillo.
There is great excitement in Havana
about the report of Garcia s advance on
Manzanillo. Weyler has given orders
that the garrison of Manzanillo be re
enforced with 20X) men.
Most shocking illustrations of savage
warfare by the Spaniards occurred on
Tuesday in this province between tne vil
lages of Guancas and Jesus Maria. Lieu
tenant-Colonel Harrera, at the head of a
puerrilla force of 200 men, surprised a
Cuban hospital in which about 100
wounded were being treated. All out
three of the inmates were killed by tne
invaders, who did not even spare two old
women acting as nurses. One of the pa
tients escaped by creeping, covered with
blood, to neighboring forests, and tells of
the rcassacr,e in a letter. He says:
'The Cuban guards, believing the hos
pital secure from attack, left only ten
men lor its protection. They did their
best to save us, but the Spaniards hacked
them to pieces with machetes. Driven
out from their couches, my poor fellow
sufferers hudd'ed in the middle of the
room and cried for mercy. The Spaniards
answered these cries with insults, ma
cheted some and thrust bayonets into the
bodies of others. Many died fighting
with hands and teeth. Lieutenant Men
doza, who only a week ago suffered the
amputation of a leg, grasped by the hair a
Spanish soldier, and while another ran
him through with a bayonet, he bit the
first in the throat, covering him with
blood, both falling together to the
ground."
Tiger-Bunting i n Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mex., April 19.-
PreMdem Diaz and a distinguished party
of Mexicans and Americans returned to
day lrora a weeKs hunting trip in the
mountains. The President killed five
deer and two tigers.
NEW ORLEANS IS
IN GREAT PERIL
Levee Break at Carroll
ton Would Flood
the City.
The Dire Calamity May Be Ex
pected at Any Mo
ment.
Utah Is Alao Threatened With Dis
aster—Fatal Snowsldes In
the Mountains.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 19 —There
has been very great danger here to-day.
The levee at Carrollton is the point tnst is
feared the most. The watchers this after
noon discovered that the water had soft
ened me base of the levee and that it was
oozing througn. A break at that point
would place the highest parts of New Or
leans under six feet of water.
People say now that the break may be
expected at any moment. In case the
levee does give way preparations will be
made to sound the fire alarm, and ail tha
city bells will be rung.
People have been warned to seek safety
in the nearest substantial high building*.
The news from Madison Parish shows
that the water is spreading rapidly, inun
dating several villages. It is reported
tiiat fully 10,000 people are in great need.
The destruction of property and livestock
will be enormous.
The Biggs break is fast covering the low
lands, Hooding the Bayou Vidal and a
greater part of the lands in the southern
portion of the parish. The water has
reached Tallulab, eighteen miles west of
Delta, which is on the river bank. Delta
is about depopulated, only enough t>er
sons remaining to look after the flooded
houses.
The scare here over the Carrolltown
levee had somewhat subsided to-nieht.
The levee stands at the upper end of New
Orleans, ana a break would flood the
greater portion of the city. Much water
has been running through it since the
river rose, and since last week it has
shown signs of breaking. A large force is
busily at work strengthening the levee to
night.
NATCHEZ, Miss., April 19.- In the Mi3
sissiupi delta the situation continues to
slowly improve. The waters are reced
ing. The work of relief is being system
atically carried on. The river at Mem
phis is still falling, a recession of one-tenth
of a foot in the past twenty-four hours
being reported by the weather bureau last
night.
The first break on the Concordia Parish
front occurred yesterday when the Glas
cock levee broke, about twenty-three
miles below IN'atcnez. The water spread
over the lowlanus adjacent. The catas
trophe was not unexpected, and the stock
had all been removed. To-night a crev
asse is reported nearly 1000 feet wide.
Th° city is fast filling with flood refugees.
VICKSBURG, Mi*~., April If). — Tue
breaK in the Rsid levee, a mile below the
Biggs break, is reported to be 300 feet
wide. Four steamers liave arrived, bring
ing 300 sufferers.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April lfl.— The
Missouri is steadily rising. Though a
iar>;e area of bottom lands is under water
no serious damage bas been done so far.
A few poor families, numbering probably
fifty persons, have been washed out of
their homes, and are In need of food, but
their wants will probably be met to-mor
row by the locnl authorities. Tbese fami
lies are living in tents or under board
sheds that have been hastily thrown to
gether.
In Omaha the damage by the flood is
estimated at $200,000.
Those who know say that there is plenty
of snow yet in the mountains which, when
melted, w:ll increase tue high waters.
The people here ara seriously alarmed
over the outlook. They say it is the worst
situation they have ever seen.
SALT LAKE, UTAH, April 19.— The
warm weather has caused such rapid
melting of the unprecedentedly heavy
snow which fell in the mountains during
the winter that the valleys are now
threatened by extensive floods. Streams
are already overflowing and the lower
portions of this city are flooded. The
snow in the mountains is hundreds of
feet deep in many places and with cou
tinued warm weather disastrous floods
are inevitable. Enormous snowslides
have occurred in several districts, and at
Brigham City an avalanche buried six
men, three of whom, Fred J. Wolsianptcr,
W. J. Turner of Ogden and Ed Mau of
Plain City, were killed.
JJV THE t-Ll'H t,ME COURT.
An Important Ruling Relating to the
Statute of JAmitattont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.-The
Supreme Court has decided to examine
for itself a cuse involving a iiJe insurance
policy for $100,000, which was suppo-ed to
have been settled by a decision of the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Guy C. Phinney, a resident of S -attle, took
out a policy in the Mutual Insurance Com
pany of New York, the annual premium
being about $3000, which he agreed to pay
in advance. At the end of the first year
he could not pay the premium and later
surrendered tno policy, which was can
celed. 'Jhree years later he died, and
some one informed his widow, Neihe Phin
ney, that the policy had never been legally
canceled because a certain notice had not
been sent by the company to Phinney.
She sueJ to recover the amount of the
policy, and in the Circuit Court for Wash
ington got judgment upon a jury verdict
for about $97,500. The company sued out
a writ ol error to the Circuit Court of Ap
peal?, but the majority of the Judges dis
missed the writ pecau c it bore no mark
indicating that it lind been filed in the
clerk'? office, although tiie clerk testified
tli« writ had so been filed.
Liberal interpretation has been given
the operation of the statute of limitations
by the Supreme Court. Clarence R. Great
house, formally Consul-General of the
United States at Yokohama, sued in the
Court of Claims to recover $1858 fees which
he ba'J collected and paid over to the Gov
ernment when the law allowed him to
keep them. The Attorney-General, de
fendins the suit, set up the btatute of lim
itations. The court construed the statute
to give a man three years in which to in
siitute the action after disability includ
ing absence over the sea and the minority
had ceased, and gave Gr«athouse judg
ment for the amount claimed. This in
terpretation wasafliimed by the Supreme
Court. This cass is important as a test
upon which depended a number of ac
tions against the Government.
Sherman'* Latent Appointment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.-
Sidney Smith of the District of Columbia
was appointed chief of the Diplomatic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
Map Showing Mouth of Gulf of Arta and Prevesa Straits, With the Relative Positions and
Distances of the Several Forts Engaged in the Recent Battles.
On the north or Turkish side of the entrance to the Gulf of Arta, it the lower end of a, long promontory of the same name,
lies the city of Prevesa, with its strong citadel on the east side, facing the water. Just ouiside Its walls, directly commanding
the entrance, is Fort St. Georgios, and near it on tne west, with a range across the entrance and seaward, is the second and
largest fort, while a third stands on the high ground a little further u;> the west coast. Just across the straits, scarce a mile away,
on Actium Promontory, stands the Greek lorts Fanta and another smaller one with batteries and the signal station. A couple
of milts to the east of Actium the headland Kephall Panagia stands far out across the water to meet its vis-a-vis, Skakiokadi.
each with its nest of guns distributed in baiteries commanding a wide range ot approach. It was these batteries on Kephali Pa
nagia, assisted by the war vessels Basileus Georgios and Nanaukas Miaulis, that silenced the Turkish guns in the Hamidieh and
Tantakoros batteries on Spakiodaki. To the southwest oi Panagia lies the town of Vonitza, while on the opposite side of the
gulf nor in of It is the Turkish seaport Salagura with its defenses under attack by the Greek gunboats.
Bureau of the State Department by Secre
tary Sherman to-day. He was private sec
retary to Blame part oi the time the latter
was Secretary of State.
POSTOFFICB .1 rroi.\ i .v t: \ />.
Will Be Governed by Republican Sen-
ator* ntift ttepreicntat ire*.
WASHINGTON*, D. C, April 19. —
Postma-ter-General Gary in conversation
with The Call correspondent to-night
outlined his policy with respect to post
office appointments as follows:
'The Republican Representatives in
Congress will be allowed to name the Post
masters in their respective districts unless
the person recom mended seems to be
wnolly unfitted for the office. In th> se
districts where the Representative in
Congress is a Democrat, the Republican
Senator or Senators from that State, if
there beany, will name the Pos'.masier.
The Republican Congressman will be al
lowed 10 appoint the Postmaster in his
own town, unless it should huppen that a
Republican Senator also lives there, in
which case the Senator and Representa
tive are expected to arrive at a mutual
understanding. In most cases the Repub
lican Senator will be allowed to appoint
the Postmaster of the town in which he
lives, unless the Republ can Repretenta
tive from that district should protest.
XO CLTMB MOUMT ST. £LIAS.
.1 Fhiltrdelphiitn I'roposea to Scale the
High ft Penh on the Continent.
WASHINGTON, D. Q., April 19.— An
attempt to ascend Mount St. Elias, the
great Alaskan mountain, is to be made by
Henry G. Bryant of Philadelphia, vho
has climbed the Alps and Apennines. He
came to Washington recently to secure
assistance from the Treasury Department.
He leaves for Alaska this week, with an
observer from the Coast and Geodetic Sur
vey, detailed by Secretary Gage to make
an official report of the attempt. Mount
St. Elias is believed to be the highest, peak
in North America, but nc one has ever
succeeded in getting within 5000 feet of
the top.
*<## B'nham Hilt />> a Brldemmaid
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— Miss
Edith Jienham, daughter of Admiral
tfenham, formerly stationed on the Pa
ciric Coast, will be one of Miss Cromwell's
bridesmaids at her marriage to Ensign
J. Hale Sypher of Washington on Tues
day. Miss Cromwell is the second daugh
ter of Captain Cromwell.
Crowing the Continent in a Wagon.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.-Fred
Michler, 19, his brother Walter, 18, and
Henry Semenski, 18, started in a light
canvas-covered wagon to-day for Cali
fornia on a wager to cross the country
and return within a year and a half.
Each i^ equiped with a rifle, revolver, cart
ridges, hunting-knife and blanket. They
have provisions for the boys, dog and
mule to last several days. Each boy
has $5.
Jteeavitate.il Her Mother-in- Lute.
PARKERSBURO, W. Va., April 19.-
Whiie Mrs. Amos Reynolds was righting
with her daughter-in-law to-day, the
latter grabbed an ax and struck her
mother-in-law senseless. She then de
liberately chopped her head off. The
murderess was immediately looked l up.
She will probably be moved to another
jail to avoid lynching.
Annie Demand* a fUrnrr .
JNEWYORK, N. V., April 19— Annie
Russell, an actress with one of Frohraan's
companies, has begun an action in the
PuDreme Court for absolute divorce from
Eugene Presbrey, the theatrical manager,
alleging improper conduct with Mary
Gallagher 'and others in San Francisco.
Part of the evidence has been taken by a
commission in California, and to-day
Justice Smyth appointed David B. Ogueii
to take evidence here as referee.
>*<trc»» Get* a Medical Diploma.
NEW ORLEANS. La., April 19.— The
State Board of Medical Examiners to-day
gave a diploma to Mrs. Emma Waketield
to practice medicine. She is the first
negress in the South to ieceive this honor.
Admit* Rnbberw, DenU* Murder.
MONTREAL. Quebbc, April 19— Joseph
Kelley, the alleged murderer of Joseph
Btickney, cashier of the Great Falls Na
tional Bank of Somersworth. N. H., was
arrested here to-night. He admits plan
ning the robbery, but denies the murder.
MUST PAY A FINE
AND GO TO JAIL
Broker Chapman's Sen
tence for Refusing
to Testify.
WHI Probably Be Joined by
Havemeyer, Searles and
Others.
Power of tha Senate and House
Defined by the Supreme
Courr.
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 19.— BroKer
Chapman will have to go to jail for thirty
days and pay a fine of $100. Tim was the
decision of the Supreme Court to-day in
criminal proceedings, defended through
out with extraordinary pertinacity by
two of the foremost lawyers of the coun
try, wherein they were defeated at every
turn. The decision of the court, which Is
unanimous, is an announcement to every
citizen that he is subject to a subpena of
either House of Congress, through its
committee?, and if he fails to answer any
question the committee may ask h« is
liable to prosecution and punishment.
Chapman was subpenaed by the Senate
committee appointed to investigate
rumors that the rates of the Wilson tariff
bill had been influenced by the dealings
of Senators In stock of the suear trust.
When asked whether any Senators had
dealt with his firm. Chapman declined to
answer. Besides Chapman, Havemeyer
and Scarles, of the trust, John McCart
ney, a" Washington broker, and E. J. Ed
ward and John A. Shriver, correspond
ents, also declined to answer questions.
The Attorney for the District secured in
dictments against each, and Chapman's
was selected as a test case. His lawyers
exhausted every resource known to law,
reviving after the lapse of nearly a cen
tury the writ of prohibition to prevent a
criminal court of the District from trying
the case. But it was all in vain.
The defense contended that the ques
tion- asked by the committee were not
authorized under the constitution, and
that the law under which he was indicted
was unconstitutional. The purpose of the
law, as stated in the title of the original
act, was "to more effectually enforce the
attendance of witnesses on tbe summons
ol either house and compel them to
testify." To secure this it was provided
that witnesses thus summoned who re
fused to answer "any questions pertinent
to the inquiry" should be punished.
•'According to the preamble and resolu
tions in this case," said the court, "the
integrity and purity of members of the
Senate had been questioned in a manner
calculated to destroy public confidence in
that body. It had the power to compel
witnesses to answer questions pertinent
thereto and pursuit of such inquiry in
this instance was not, in our Judgment, in
violation ol the security against unreason
able searches provided by the fourth
amendment."
Of jyTBJtH&T TO 'JM£ COAST.
Bow San frond* co Hill Be JffeeUd V
the I'ropnntd talk Schedule.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.—
Californians, led by Senator Perkins, are
keeping up their strong fight for an ade
quate protective tariff on California prod
ucts and are now hopeful of Mien.
The Call correspondent learned to-day
that the Senate sub-comxniitee encaged
on the Dingley bill decided to adopt sub
stantially the schedule on silk goods as
passed by the House. »
This will strike a heavy blow at the
commercial interests of New York and
San Francisco. It will practically destroy
our trade with Japan and throw out of
business a large number of firms in both
cities engaged in this trade, since it will
exclude the silts of both China and Japan
from our markets.
But that is a small matter compared
with the further enrichment of the great
siik - manu.actuiMij' hrms of Cheney
Brothers of Connecticut and one or two
large manufacturers in Paterson, who
make or wish to makp, silk goods similar
to the silks of the Orient.
It is said that a self-constituted com
mittee, consisting oi W, F. Cheney; Mr.
Huber, a P.itterson manufacturer; Honey
haus A Curtis and Pas-evant <fc Co., im
porters; A. Fleightman, importer and
also manufacturer of silks, in company
with V.ce-Piesiaent Hobart, were mainly
instrumental in securing the approval of
the measure by both the House and Sen
ate committees.
It is aiso said that the specific rates
adopted are equal to from 100 per cent to
150 per cent on Chinese and Japanese
goods and on poods made oi silk and cot
ton, as well as those made of spun silk,
which include all the cheap qualities
worn Dy tne common people. At the
si me time the costly dress goods of Lyons,
such as are imported by those importers
who are members of the promotion com
mittee, are allowed to enter at rates not
exceeding 59 per cent.
It is easily seen how acceptable such a
schedule must be to manufacturers, who
wiil thus be rid of all foreign competiti n,
and to importers, whose foreign trade this
has not endangered.
The Comptroller of the Currency has Te
voked the appointment of the First Na
tional bank oi San Francisco as reserve
agent for the Everett National Banit of
Everett, Wash.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Ordnance Sergeant William B. Rose, now
in this city, having relinquished the un
expired portion of the furlough granted
him from Fort Huachuca, Ariz., will b«
sent to Fort Robinson. Nebr.
Private Joseph G. Morns, Company G,
Seventh Infantry, now at Fort Logan,
Colo., is upon bis own application trans
ferred to Battery I, Third Artillery, and
will be spnt to the station of that bat
tery — Angel Island, Cal.
Pensions— California : Original — Special
April 12, John Morris. San Francisco;
John W. Broad well, Kern; Joseph G.
Milliron (dead). San Diego; Aaron J.
Walker. San Francisco; Augusta Wil
liams, Hallerk. Additional— Morris Park
er. Gaieta. Increase— Louis Bagala, San
Francisco. Original widows, etc. — Minor
of Oliver J. Stark, Santa Paula; JaneGeth
ilia, Oakland.
Oregon: Original— James J. Youmans
Drain.
Washington: Original — James K. P.
Airey, Ortine; Joel S. Otto, Seattle.
SIX TIMES SENTENCED TO DIE.
Charles Nordstrom, a Washington Mur-
derer, Making a Prolonged Struggle
lor Life.
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 19—
Charles Nordstrom, a Swedish subject, re
siding in the State of Washington, was to
be hanged Friday of this weeK for the
murder of one Mason, having been six
times sentenced to death for the crime,
but tbe end is not yet. An order was en
tered by tbe Supreme Court to-day sus
pending tbe execution until it can pass
upon the issue raised by his attorney,
Congressman Lewis, that, as a subject of
Sweden, the Supreme Court must pass
upon his case before the State authorities
can execute the death sentence.
Le^is was engaged in the case by the
Swedish authorities after Nordstrom had
been found guilty and sentenced. He
has fought tbe case through all the State
courts and through the Federal courts,
having once before been in the Supreme
Court, which then found no Federal ques
tion at issue. Il i» believed that thi
record of six sentences of death for the
same crime is unique in the jurisprudence
of the country.
Will JK«4 I'rrMs Ivory's Claim.
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 19.— The
State Department will probably decline to
press the claim of $100,000 damages ' filed
by Ivory, the American citizen ; arrested
by the British Government on the charge
of conspiring to destroy public buildings.
The legal opinion requested by Sherman
is against Ivory's claim on the grounds
that he was given every legal opportunity
to prove ilia innocence. .
SENATE PASSES
THE INDIAN BILL
Vest Offers a Resolution
Against Retroactive
Duties.
Morgan Makes Another Futile
Effort in Behalf of the
Cubans.
It Is Agreed to Take a Vote on the
Arbitration Teaty on
May 5.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.-The
Indian appropriation bill, which was be
fore the Senate all last week, was passed
to-day with several amendments. Petti
grew, in charge of the bill, moved that a
conference be asked with the House on
these amendments, but this was opposed
by Hale. Pettigrew said he would not
insist on the motion. The House will
therefore have an opportunity of acting
on the Senate amendments without prior
action on the part of a conference com
mittee.
A resolution for the appointment of a
select committee on land patents issued
to the Pacific railroads and on the subsidy
paid by these companies to tbe Pacific
Mail Steamship Company was reported
aad went over without action until to
morrow.
A joint resolution declaring the recent
orders of t c Secretary of the Treasury as
to the collection of rates on imported
merchandise ..Her April 1 to ba without
authority of law was iutroduced by Vest,
who gave notice that he would call it up
to-morrow.
An effort was made by Morgan to have
bis Cuban retolution taken np in the
morning hour in preference to the Indian
appropriation bill, but Pettigrew insisted
on the latter bill having the right of way.
remarking that it was not such an unend
ing subject as the Cuban question.
There was a brief executive session, at
which !t was agreed that a vote on the
arbitration treaty shall be taken on May ;>.
Senator Perkins to-day proposed an
amendment to the suiidry civil bill fixing
$350 a ton as the price for armor plate
needeu for the new battle-ships. If armor
cannot be purchased at this figure the Sec
retary of trie Navy is authorized to pur
cuase or build an armor factory for its
manufacture. A million and a half is
appropriated for this purpose.
JUDGE WAYMIRt'S MISSION.
Says Ha Is Working fcr Friends — Com-
mittee Positions Wanted by Cali
fornia Congressmen.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— James
A. Waymire called on the President again
to-day. The Judge professes that he is a
candidate for no office and that he is here
in the interest of friends. He says that
ne called on the President to-day to urge
tne appointment of Colonel Kowalsky of
Snn Francisco as Minister to Belgium.
Colonel Kowalsky says he is anxious to
reside in Brussels in order to educate his
daughter. Judge Waymire left lor New
York to-night.
The Democratic and Populist Califor
nians in Congress had a meeting and
have agreed among themselves as to the
committee portions they will request at
the jianda of Speaker Re d. Judtre Ma
guire wants to be assigned to Pacific Rail
roads, DeVne-j to Interstate and Foreign
Commerce, Barlow to Rivers and Harbors
and Castle to Public Lanas.
I AKOR IF. 1 U1: }. s VISIT McKIAZMY.
i>iacus!t Proponed Legislation in the
Interest of Tfage-Marnrrt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— The
Executive Council of the American Fed
eration of Labor to-day visited President
McKinley and discussed with him pro
posed legislation in the interest of wage
earners, including an eight -hour law.
amendments to the contempt bill and
amendments to the anti-trust law ex
empting labor organizations from the
operations of its provisions. They urged
NEW TO-DAY
MOVES MdUNTAINS
TyE CANNOT DO IAIPOSSIBLE THINGS, WE CANNOT SELL GOODS AS
some offer to do at less than cost — but we can. and do work on smaller margins
than others East or West. No high rents, no extravagance, no unnecessary expensss
to meet, a true and trusted corps of workers interested in the store and every one of
its patrons, helps to secure the best service.
We do not profess to move mountains, but we move more goods iv a given length
of time than any two stores on the Coast. Prices help to do this. Here they are:
DRY GOODS.
Folid Black Dress Goods, black stripe 6140
Hlack Snirtlngs, very neat patterns 6V4C
Princess Foulards, blue and white 10c
Figured Sateens, pretty enough for 15c, at... tic
Stylish Dark Percales, new patterns 7c
Good Heavy Toweling, not all linen 4c
Heavy Unbleached Muslin, yard wide Cc
Newport Fine shirtings, were 20c, now 12y«c
NOfIONS.
Heavy Turkish Bath 1 owe" 8. each 12^c
Good Common Towels, worth 10c. n0w...;.. 5;
Paper Napkins, standard --Ize, per 100 10c
Handkerchleis, from our 10c stock. 5c
M' n's Working Glov s. a' 1 sizes , 25c
Zealand ITetiy Lace, per yard 1 C
Pillow Lace, 5 Inches wide 5 C
Thimbles for children or big folks l 0
THINGS TO WEAR.
Ladies' $1.00 Dark Winter Skirts 55-
Ladies' Gray Wool Underwear, worth *1. «5c
White Merino Vests, 50c quality, size 40. ...* *>&c
Bicycl- Hose for boys or girls "g c
Boys' S-nteoa suits, xtr^ value .$l.OO, $1 50
Little Boy Bib Overalls to 7 years 25c
UlKger Boys' BibOvera 1* .....I. " 30c
Ladies' Kid Slippers. $1.50 erode, small" 60"
Ladies' 51. 50 Oxfords, only BV2 »nd 4 left" 75c
Ladies* Common $L^s Tan U.vford* " 50c
Boys' $-0o Button shoes, 5 and ji/... " "" go c
Ladles' £oston Gowns, light or dark. . 85c
s| ■ i Be HBflß I bßm pj[ I bh *^*^ *^£J
■swimm w*DQff^?^- bmi^^lß ESfi 199 Bl kE __^^BJ§hV
\B B Goods delivered twicß daily- any part city.
k- •'_■■■'- I^^:- IB 1: Free dell-rery to suburban towns. T
Bfli JM Wj i ree de n>«>nstratJon of foods dally. .
;lflaV yJI ■/ i** and Coffee .'"* rv " a iree to all who calL
>,QHW^i W/ £? f* ls «'-«« <1 and Telephone Free
Vffl »V . Dining-room on sixth floor.
rr e o a ?e s? skbs r,:r. rywher -
Address— Big Store at the Ferrj — 25-27 BARRET STREET.
npin the President the inadvisablity of
appointing persons to important offices to
administer laws n the interest of labor
who are not In sympathy with labor or
ganizations.
SECRETARY WILSON IS STUBBORN
Opposes the Move tor the Rescinding of
Cleveland's Forest Reservation
Oder.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.-Gr«at
pressure is beine brought to bear upon
President McKinley to induce him to re
scind Cleveland's forest reservation order.
Western Congressmen are up :n arms
against the order, which they regard as
detrimental to the agricultural interests of
their sections, but Secretary Wilson disa
grees with them. He has announced that
he intends to do everything possible dur
ing his administration to protect the for
ests and vigorously continue the policy of
his predecessor, Morton, in behalf of tree
planting. Specialists in tree culture are
much concerned over the rapid diminu
tion of coniferous woods now available
for timber in the United States. They
say that at the present rate of consump
tion this building timber will be ex
hausted in forty years.
Secretary Wilson stated to-day that he
had already instructed an agent of the
department to forward to this country
seed for planting trees successfully grown
in the arid portions of Austra'ia and
Russia. His idea is to utilize the millions
of acres lying idle for growing wood and
introduce upon this land trees that will
thrive under similar conditions in foreign
countries. The Secretary will devote him
self industriously to the problem of in
creasing the timber supply. Efforts to
protect the forests against lire have
already been begun in Minnesota and
Maine. The Secretary thinks the farmers
of the West would take a deep interest in
forestry if they understood fully how de
pendent they are upon the timber regions.
SPECIAL EMBASSADOR FOSTER.
Has Full Powsr to Negotiate With Great
Britain for an Agreement to Pro
tect the Seals.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— Ex-
Secretary of State Foster, recently se
lected by President McKinley to draw up
a plan in conjunction with Charles Ham
lin of Massachusetts for the protection of
seals in Bering Sea, has been appointed
by the President special embassador to
negotiate, conclude and sign an agreement
with Great Britain to secure joint action
for preventing the destruction of the seal
herds in Bering Sea. Hamlin's official
title is that of agent of this Government.
He will leave Washington shortly for San
Francisco ana will go thence to tho seal
islands to make a personal investigation.
Both Foster and Hamlin have been
Dusily engaged in reading reports at the
State Department about protecting seals
and in acquainting themselves with the
diplomatic correspondence on the subject.
it cannot be learned whether any nego
tiations with Great Britain are in progress,
but the authority conferred on Foster
suggests that they have Deen opened.
ANOTHER FORECLOSURE BILL,.
Senator Butler Sick* to Wind Vp JPaeiflo
Railroad Affair:
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— A bill
was introduced in the Senate today by
Butler of North Carolina reciting the fail
ure or inability of tbe two Pacific rail
road companies to meet their obligations
and declares by the terms of the act such
i failure is to operate as a forfeiture of all
property rights and franchises and directs
the Attorney-General to cause such for
feiture to be enforced.
The Secretary of the Treasury is di
rected to take possession of the roads and
the grant lands in their possession and
declare that the United States shall own
the road?, operate them as a continuous
line and charge such rates as shall pay
expenses and maintain a sinking fund.
The Secretary is also directed to fund
any bonds paramount to the rights of the
United States, making them payable in
thirty years, with interest at not more
than 3 per cent, and the right is reserved
to pay them in ten years or extend tbe
term of payment beyond thirty years.
Provision for tbe payment of the debts by
a sinking fund is made.
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed
to ascertain the cost of purchasing such
lines owned by the Central and Union
Pacific as sball be necessary for tbe main
tenance of a continuous line from Omaha
or Kansas City to San Francisco.
THINGS TO EAT.
Beans, very cleanest and best c010red. ;....... 2o
Butter, tickled ta&e, per roll is O
Butter, fresh table, per roll 20c
Honey, finest white in combs, each , ■ lfo
Club House Cheese .- ..' ■.. JOe
Rice, table varieties, any quantity ....4c and . 5o
C. &B. Fine English Sat. reduced. 10c
Hams, fine quality of picnic .-. 60
hole Cloves, just In season, lb 30c
! Cranberries, fresh aud good, qt...... 13% 3
Corn, the kind that brings 15c, at...... ...... ?c *
Sliced Peachy eejtant goods, can 10c
Jams or Jel les Jnslass, fine5t.. .....;;. 12V»c
Canned Mlik, from bast known packers Be
Mackerel, latestcaLch, per kit now 75c
THINGS~TO USE.
Labelle Soap, full weight, *1.50 graJe....... g5 C
Ammonia, standard qua, i;y. pints • S c
Toilet Soup. Bonn's li,ie quality ...*. i o
D«corat*d Soup Plates, any quantity 71/,-
Covered Turreen, Hnest »1 drcorated... . 60 Q
Dinner Set, 100 pieces fine decoration .""$lO 00
' Oalvitnized Di(/pers, 2-quart ttiz- ■;. '."• . ' 81 .
■ Handle Baskets, 1 losing 08 , each".'. 3c and 5c
I Girls Work Baskets, worth lßc, at.. . ?c
: Jinko BasKets for fancy worK, few """* 1^
j Freez»rs, with 60 Ibr salt free... * Sl'BB
■ >atlnoa— shoe dressing, b0tt1e.......*"" so
Ladles' Shoe Dressing for black shoes! ' Be
j Little Boy* a-Blt Wooden Cart*. ...... .'.'. .'.\* 70RACY SENSATION
IN ARMY CIRCLES
Captain Romeyn's Cas
tigation of Lieuten
ant O'Brien.
The Latter Resented a Reflec
tion Upon His Wife's
Character.
Romeyn Refused to Retract and
Vigorously Replied to an
Insult.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 19.— 0n
the heels of the Commander Mullan naval
episoae comes a sensation from Atlanta,
1 Ga., which is exciting army circles. It
involves Lieutenant O'Brien, well known
at the Presidio of San Francisco.
Several weeks ago Captain Romeyn
knocked the lieutenant down on the pa
rade-ground at Fort McPherson, Ga.
O'Brien then preferred charges against
Koraeyn, and this caused such a stir in
army circles that the department sent
Colonel Thomas W. Barr from Governors
Island, N. V., to the seat of war to inves
tigate the cause of the trouble.
Colonel Barr found so much more than
he expected that on his return to Gover
nors Island a court was promptly ap
pointed to try the accused man. Every
possible influence was brought to bear
upon Lieutenant O'Brien to inJuce him
tc abandon his charges, but they availed
nothing. Tue evidence to be presented
not only concerns scandal in official
life here, but actually reaches back to tne
doings of Lieutenant O'Brien in Japan,
where he was sent by this Government to
observe the progress of the war between
that country and China.
It appears that upon Lieutenant
O'Brien's return from Japan he brought
to Fort McPherson his young and very
pretty wife. On March 1 last a wealthy
young Atlanta man named Bennett told
Captain Komeyn that he was going to
Washington to the inauguration and that
Mr*. O'Brien was going to accompany
him. Captain Romeyn urged him not to
do so. lie said that it would result in a
scandal, for thn ladies at the fort were
already suspicious of Mrs. O'Brien's con
duct.
Now it happened that the wealthy
young Bennett had another sweetheart at
Fort McPberson and this story reached
her ears. In a jealous mooJ she told
other iadie* at the fort. Lieutenant
O'Brien then felt called upon to resent
trie statement attributed to Captain Ro
meyn, namely, that Mrs. O'Brien's repu
tation was not above reproach.
Lieutenant O'Brien wrote a sharp note
to Captain Romeyn demanding that he
make public retraction of the remarks at
tributed to him, and Romeyn replied
with equal sharpness that he would re
tract nothing. The next day on parade
O'Brien began in a very dramatic way to
denounce Romeyn as a Hur and a slan
derer. He had hardly said ten words
when Ronieyn's fi<t struck: him in the
jasr a>:d he retired from active participa
tion in t:,e argument
Romeyn was arrested by Major Porter,
but after twenty minutes' confinement in
his own house was released. Fearine
another chysical encounter the friends of
both men kept them apart, and O'Brien
filed at Governors Island the charges
which brought Colonel Barr immediately
to Atlanta. These charges alleged con
duct unbecoming an officer and a gentle
man on the part of Captain Romeyn, and
three counts involved were specific:
First, that he warned yountr Bennett not
to be seen in company with Mrs. O'Brien;
second, that he asserted that the officers
of the post would not permit their fam
ilies to associate with Mrs. O'Brien, and
third, that in the presence of the troops
he knocked down a fellow-officer.
Captain Komeyn's defense will be the
substantiation of the position he has al
ready assumed »>.nd the assertion that he
acted throughout the part of a gentleman
and an officer. That this involves the
proving of the reflection he has cast on
Mrs. O'Brien makes the case the only one
of the sort, it is said, that the army
officials in this country have ever been
called upon to try.
That Captain Romeyn will make coun
ter-charges of some sort against Lieuten
ant O'Brien is positively asserted by his
friends, but their nature is not Known, ex
cept that they concern his general con
duct as an officer and reach back to his
visit to Japan, when he figured con
spicuously before the public as the alleged
inventor of the Port Arthur massacre and
the especial object of dislike of the Mi
kado.
Mrs. O'Brien is very w«ll known in
Washington, where she has spent most of
her life. Her father is Captain Kendall,
one of the best-known and influential offi
cers of the army, now with the Sixth In
fantry. It is said he had a great deal to
do with getting young O'Brien's appoint
ment as ihis country's war representative
in the Far East.
A O T R A A A/- O in A I XO .» FUS Its.
few Changes of Station* of &egltn*nti
Are < mi emptated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.— The
Army and Navy Register says: "We have
received a Dumber of inquiries as to the
probability oi changes of station of regi
ment?. We are informed by the adjutant
genera! thai there are likely to be few if
any changes in ;he near future. The con
dition of the transportation fund will not
warrant any extended movements this
sj-riuß, especially in view oi the fact that
the appropriation has been heavily drawn
upon in co.iveyinß troops to Washington
for the ir.auirural parade and will be still
further reduced in amount on the occasion
ofihe Grant monument parade at New
York City. We understand tlmt the two
movements will cost over $40,000.
"Tljeie has been considerable lalK of a
change of station oy the Fourth, Ninth
.■.ml Tenth Cava'ry and the Fourteenth
und Twenty-fifth Infantry. Tub major
general commanding has not made any
recommendations as yet to the Secretaiy
of War on the subject. We are informed
1 hat Secretary Alger i 3 not favorably in
clined toward any changes at present."
— «
.fuMflrr Field «t a .V rial Function.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 19.—Al
though Ju-tic© Field is in feeble health
he occasionally attends some of the social
functions of Washington. He was one of
tlie guests at Mrs. Palzell's tea Saturday.
MmttU Mrrnttttrleu Banqueted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 19.—Com
mander Richardson Clover of the navy was
a guest at a dinner given by Surgeon-
General Tryon Saturday in honor of the
Secretary of the Navy. Secretary Loo?,
«*-i'«crotary Herbert and Speaker 11-ed
were among the distinguished guests
present.
FltZ AX I* COHBETT.
Roth in -\>tr lor* City and Bath Have
Somethina to S'iy,
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.—Fitzsim
mous, attired in a new Easter suit. Sunday
walked up Broadway the cynosure of all
eyes. Fitzsimmons, when apprised oi the
fact that Corbett was in town, shrugged
his shoulders and said, "Huh." To a
party of friends Filzsimnions said of
Sharkey:
"I wouldn't give him another fight it he
was the only lighter on earth and I was
itching to meet some one. Wait until
Maher meets him. Peter will make
mincemeat out of him."
Corbett, looking thin, arrived from
Philadelphia to-day with McVey, his spar
ring partner, and Joe Eagan. Corbett
said he was fairly defeated at Carson. Of
Fitzsimmons he said:
"I don't want to hound the man, but I
can't be convinced that he is the better
man. If he will tight me again 1 will
show the public that I am the better man,
and if he consents and beats me again I
will take off my hat and say he is my su
perior at every stage of the game."
Corbet', further said that he fought
Fitzsimmons according to his own ideas.
He says it is likely that he will be com
pelled to meet some other pugilist if Fitz
is serious in his intention 10 ignore him.
WASTS JO J-IGHT jrilZ.
Tom shnrhry Very Anxioui for Another
do at the Corni.thtnnn.
NEW YORK, N- V., A^ril 19.— Tom
Sharkey is »o anxious to light Fitzsirumons
that he is willing to cast Maber aside.
fc-liarkey says:
"I ihink I should receive anotherchance
from Fitzsimmons. I will bet $5000 of my
own money I can whip him. 1 practically
beat Coroett and received the decision
over BoL, so I don't see why Fnz should
decline to meet me again. The articles
shall call for the winner to take all."
Sharkey and Manager Dan Lynch are
to meet Quuin, Maber'.i representative, to
morrow at a newspaper office. Sharkey
declares the proposed right with Maher
is scheduled for May 31. Sharkey wants
to train privately. Tom JSlnGratb will oe
with him.
I /» no^Ji WITH SHARKEi.
May Hake a Match Hith Goddard if He
Meant />imiici».
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 19.—Fitz
sinimons arrived to-night. He said:
'Will I fight Sharkey? No. He met me
in San Francisco and I knocked him out,
but was robbed of the decision. Let him
meet Maher and I'll guarantee that he
won't be looking for a right for some time
afterward. Maher will knock his head off.
Goddard seems to be the only genuine
aspirant to the championship, for he de
feated Ed Smith and also licked Maher.
He is reporred to be on his way to
America. If he issues a manly challenge,
posting a forfeit to prove that he means
business, I'll try and fix up a match with
him."
OVJ.TIOM 2O VOKBETT.
Brady Koxo Claims He Should Have Hot
the Decision on a Foul.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.-The
Academy of Music was packed with an
enthusiastic gathering to see Corbett in
"Tue Navai Cadet" to-night. When Cor
bett appeared the crowd in the gallery
gave a loud shout, which re-echoed
throughout the building. £7ery move
Corbett made was the signal for a cheer.
He made a characteristic speech, brady
also spoke, causing surprise by saying:
"Corbett should have got the verdict in
the fourteenth round on a foul."
PACING JtIAGS TO MEET.
Cracfc Bidetc heeler* Entered for the :
Charter Onk» Frr«-for- AIL.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.— Lewis
G. Tewksbury's pacing kings, John R.
Gentry (2:00;^) and Robert J (J:01J^)
have been entered in the $6000 frt-e-for-ail
race at Cnarter Oak Park on Independence
day. Murphy of Chicago has entered Star
Pointer (2 :02>.J). Joe Patcnen (2:03) isihe
only one of the crack sidewheelers whose
nomination is uncertain. He is to be sold
at auction at Chicago on May 4 by order
of the courts, Dut he may also be a factor
in the race. Trainer Bowne, wo has
charge o; Gentry and Robert J, said it was
too early in the season to decide which
will start, but both were entered so that
one might represent tne stable.
► Santa Cruz Hdt* at Itatrbnll.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 19— The
Santa Cruz baseball team had an easy
victory over the >San Francisco Violets Sun
day at Vue de i'Eau, winning by a score of
10 to 3. The home team made three in
tne first, three in the second and tour iti
the third. The Violets made their first
run in thejsecond inning and the second in
the third. The Daubebias brothers com
posed the battery for Santa Cruz and
Fitzpatrick and Cronch for the Violets.
The weather was cloudy and cool.
>i/i«im"» Rn*ebnlt Sraion Oprne't.
SUISUN, Cal., April 19.— The baseball
season opened here Sunday, the Alameda
Alerts defeating the home team by a score
of 5 to 1.
Ex-Judge Curtla Coming.
NEW YORK, N.Y.. April If).— Ex-Judge
George M. Curtis, summoned to San
Francisco in the Fair will litigation,
started Saturday.
Members of the International Monetary Commission Rc;ently Appointed by President McKinley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
DEATH FINDS THEM
AT THEIR FORGE
Sliding Earth Entombs
Five Miners Near
Ogden.
Two Who Were at Work in a
Blacksmith-Shop Are
Killed.
One of the Others Almost Suffo
cated Before Reached by
Rescuers.
OGDEN, Utah, April 19.— Two men were
killed and three imprisoned this morninz
by a snowslide at thcGar6e!d mine, about
twenty-rive miles from this city. The
killed were Fred Wolhaupter of Ogden,
superintendent of the mine, and Edward
Maw, a miner of Plain City. Utah.
The tunnel, engine-house and black
smith-shop are situated at the north side
of a gorge to the right of Gibbs Canyon,
about six miles from Brieham Cite, and
the place was selected by expert engi
neers as absolutely free from the danger
of landslides. Tne tunnel faces the south,
and the slide started from near the top of
the opposite side of the gorge. The mass
ofica and snow gained such an impetus
coming down the declivity that when it
struck the bottom of the canyon it was
forced up the side upon which was located
the t-unnel entrance and buildings and
crushed the blacksmith-shop like an egg
shell.
Wolhanpter and Maw were sharpening
drills at the time and were crushed to
death. Wolhaupter's body was recovered
at noon and Maw's at 5 o'clock.
The other men, William Turner, David
Russel and John Dalton, were working In
the tunnel. Turner had just come out
with a car when he saw the slide coming
down the other side. He made a run and
gained the engine-bouse before the ava
lanche was upon it and during all the day
was supposed to have been caught on the
outside, as his car was found in the slide.
At 5 o'clock a tapping sound was heard
and after an hour's work the engine-house
was reached and he was rescued, almost
suffocated. He will recover. The two in
the tunnel were rescued early and helped
to recover the bodies of the dead.
Wolhauptor was well known in Ogden
and leaves a widow and one child. Maw
is survived by a widow and seven children.
CARSHOPS FOR RENSON.
The Anzona Town Expects to Become
Division Headquaners of the
Southern Pacfic.
BENSON, Ariz., April 19— It is under
stood that the formal transfer to the
Southern Pacific of the New Mexico and
Arizona and Sonora railways will be made
on May 15, after toe absorption of the At
lantic and Pacific by the Santa Fe. This
will give the Huntington roai an outlet
to the sea at tiuaymas, which port is to be
made a stopping point for steamers of the
Pacific Mail line, which is as much a
Huntington line as is the Southern Pacific
itself.
Particularly affecting Benson is the
statement by officials of the railway that
following the amalgamation of t.ne two
interests the headquarters for the railway
division of Arizono and New Mexico will
be removed from Tucson hither, this be
ing the junction point for the two lines.
This would bring, as well, the railroad
shops, through which about $30,000 per
month is now disbursed in Tucson. Even
larger shops and fully 50 per cen.. added
expenditure will be entailed through the
operation of the Mexican branch.
It is believed the consolidation will also
mean the abandonment of the Arizona
and Southeastern track from Fairbank to
Benson. This stretch of twenty-five miles
was built by the Copper Queen Company
of Bisbee owing to a disagreement witn
the Santa Fe over freight rates from Fair
bank, wnere the mine's railway termi
nated, to the S 'iitiiern Paciiic connection
at this point. With a Southern Pacifc
line paralleling it this road will be made
practically useless.
Jl'dding I%'he'ltnen Under Arratt.
REDDING, Oai.., April 19.— F. P.
Primm, C. H. Braynard and C. M. Head,
leading members of the Shasta County
bar, have been arrested by the City Mar
shal for violating the bicycle ordinance
by riding on sidewalk?. The ordinance
has been violated so frequently this sea
son that the police ha« to make an exam
ple or some on». and they did so by pick
ing out the leading lawyers.
Death at .Santa Barbara.
SANT\ BARBARA, Cau, April 19.—
George H. Roeder passed away here early
t 1 is morning. Mr. Roeder was born in
Bavaria, Germany, in 1813, and there spent
his youth and received an education.
When a young man he came to the United
States and married the woman who was
to be his helpmate for fifty-eight years.
In 1840 Mr. Roeder went to Belleville,
Ohio. He was elected County Clerk, Re
corder and Assessor while living there.
In 1873 he removed to Santa Barbara with
his family und retired from active busi
ness.
HELD IN SACRAMENTO'S JAIL
Alleged Persecution of a Young Woman
Because She Wedded a R eh
Man's Son.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April 19— The
arrest of Edna Lester and her appearance
in the Police Court to this city to-day to
answer to a charge of vagrancy has
brought to light a rather sensational story,
inasmuch as it is claimed that the young
woman is being persecuted at the in
stance of a wealthy Los Angeles banker
named Hart It is claimed that Hart's
son, becoming infatuated with the Lester
woman, left his family on heraccount and
has accompanied her to various places,
where invariably ths couple have beea ar
rested at the request ol Hart pero on
charges of vagrancy.
Some weeks ago 'young Hart was ar
rested in this city and was permitted to
leave tow.i with a six months' sentence
over his head in cioe of his return. He
was adv'sed to return to his father, but
instead of doing so he went to a neichbor
injz town. It is said that the father is
now attempting to have him again ar
rested on a charge of vagrancy, and that
proceedings will be pressed against the
young woman, which will probably result
in a term in the County JaiL
EUREKA'S BANK FAILURE.
Charges That Cashier Murray Caused the
Co/lapse Have Now Been
Abandoned.
EUREKA, Cal., April 19.— The failure
of the Randall Bank has been the one
topic of conversation here since the bank
closed its doors on Saturday. The Bank
Commissioner did not arrive this morn
ing but is expected soon, when he will en
deavor to straighten out the tangle. A.
W. Randall, Stephen Hill and E. C. Bon
stell were appointed to represent the
stockholders at a directors' meeting held
Saturday.
Cashier J. S. Murray arrived this morn
ing from San Francisco and the rumors
declaring him to have caused the failure
seem abandoned. It is stated now that
his accounts with the bank are all right
and that had he arrived before Saturday
the crash might have been averted for
several days, but would have come eventu
ally.
A. W. Randall, the president of the
bank, has turned over i»ll of his private
property to secure the creditors and prove
himself a man of honor. Guy L. Rooem
has been authorized by the commissioners
to represent them pending their arrival.
The amount due depositors is about $212,
--000 and the stockholders claim every dol
lar will be paid.
'ortlana'm Mnuor and Council Clath.
rORILAND, Ob., April 19.— At the last
meeting of the Common Council a ordi
nance passed by a more than two-thirds
vote licensing nickel-in-the-slot machines,
which Mayor Pennoyer had ordered the
police io suppress about two months
ago. The Mayor has vetoed this ordi
nance and nis veto will be rejected by the
Council at the meeting on Wednesday
next. In his customary autocratic man
ner Pennoyer said th;s afternoon that he
would ignore the action of the Council and
instruct the police to arrest all using the-e
mac iines, any ordinance to the contrary
notwithstanding. If Pennoyer executes
his threat serious trouble will follow.
forger Caught at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or , April 19.— Detectives
Welsh and Holsapple to-night arrested F.
1. Copeland. a forger who bus been wanted
in numerous cities in the hast, as well as
in the Northwest. Just as the officers
were entering the Central police station
with their prisoner, Copeland made a
break for liberty, dashing up Oak street
and turning north on Third. Detective
Holsappte sprinted after him, but finding
Copeland too tleet-footed he fired two
shots at the fugitive forger, the second
striking him in the forearm and bringing
him to a halt.
Sew Code. ( onitniixion Sleet.
BACRAMENTO, Cau, April 19.— At the
meeting of the newly appointed coae
commission to-dny, A. Caminetti was
elected chairman and Senator Bart Burke
of Santa Cruz secretary. It has been
agreed that tne commission shall hold
monthly meetings open to the public and
t tint each member shall be assigned a cer
tain portion of the work to be done indi
vidually and finally acted upon ia bank.
Fleeced Snrrnmento r.uiinmi Men.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 19.— Joseph
Underwood was held to answer before the
Superior Court to-day on a charge of pass
ing bogus check;. It appears that he has
been doing a land ollice business Dy ap
proaching business men and representing
that be is related to prominent men, and
then persuading them to cash bogus
checks, supposedly indorsed by his alleged
relatives.
San JoMe Glorti < ontett*.
SAN JOSE. Cal, April 19.— The Ban
Jose Athletic Club, which was recently
organized, will hold its first exhibition on
the evening of April 21. Several bouts
have been arranged between local boxers.
The event of the evening will be a fifteen
round glove contest between "Kid" Evans
of tSan Francisco and Mat Semicbv.
FINDS AN HEIRESS
AT MENIAL TOIL
Wealthy Mrs. Green of
Alabama Locates
Her Niece.
Long Search Over the Coast
Ends in an Astoria
Laundry.
Former Alameda Girl to Inherit a
Quarter of a Million
Dollars.
PORTLAND. Or., April 19.— 0n the 7th
inst. Mrs. Annetta Green, an elderly
wealthy woman, hailing from Alabama,
came to Portland in search of her niece,
Miss Helen Ua Stapleton, whom she had
never seen, but who, if found, she would
make an heiress to the snug fortune
of $250,000. Mrs. Green at the time of her
visit stated to Detective Welsh that Miss
Stapleton was the only surviving child of
her sister, both of her parents being dead.
Miss Stapieton's father died in San Fran
cisco in 18S2 and three mouths or so ago
Mrs. Green received a letter from her
niece stating that the latter's mother also
was dead; but as the Alabama lady had
lost the letter she was unable to say
whether it was dated from Portland, San
Francisco or Seattle. The detective was
unable to locate Miss Stapleton here.
After leaving Portland the resolute old
lady again visited Tacoma, on the strength
of a premonition only, she said, but there
was no Helen Stapleton in that town.
On Monday last while returning to Port
land she met on the train Cyrus G. Eames
ana his wife, of Oakland. Cal., both born
and reared in Alabama. Mr. Eames heard
Mrs. Green speaking to another old lady
of her mission here, and he and Mrs.
Eames, having known the Stapletons, at
once introduced themselves to the old
lady.
It appears that Mrs. Eames' mother and
Mrs. Stapletou became warm friends after
coming to California, and while Mrs.
Eames is several yrars the senior of Miss
Stapleton the friendship existing between
their respective mothers was transmitted
to them and they maintained a corre
spondence. The Stapletons— mother and
daughter— during the past few years had
grown so poor and seemingly friendless
that despite their education they hired
out as domestics rather than be beholden
to any of their old California friends or
their only relative, Mrs. Green, for any
assistance. This part of the story was
disclosed by Mrs. Stapletou to her aunt
Mrs. Green added that Mrs. Eames had
a letter from Miss Helen about two weeks
alter ihe latter's mother's death, stating
that she was going to Salem to accept a
position there, and at last accounts she
was still there.
Last Tuesday night the indomitable old
lady boarded a southbound train for the
Capitol City, never dreaming that her
niece had been force 1 to descend to severe
manual labor. Mrs. Green in two days
made the rounds of business places where
yuung women are employed. On Thurs
day evening she casually and thought
lessly made a coniidante of a chamber
maid in her hotel. That was another
lucky stroke for her, for that chamber
maid happened to have been employed in
the laundry where Mrs. Green found her
niece the following morning, ironing
away for dear life.
Both are now here en route for San
Francisco.
SHUT OUT FROM THE YUKON.
Hundreds of Gold-Seekers Find Their
Progress Blocked by Unfavorable
Weather.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 19.— The
steamship Al-ki, wh en arrived in port
iliis alternoon from Alaska, brought the
first information as to the progress made
by the throng of miners sailing from
Seattle for the Yukon gold fields the
latter part of March and the lirst ten days
of Avril. About two weeks ago 300 of
these gold-hunters crossed the divide
from Dyea, and they are now going down
the chain of lakes toward the Yukon.
They were fortunate in having set out
frnm tne sea so early, for there are now
reported to be from 1200 to 1500 men en
camped on this side, being unable, owing
to the unfavorable condition of the
weather, to get across. Over 600 are at
Sheep Camp, the rest beine about equally
distributed between Dyea ami Juneau.
Rather an unusual state of affairs exists
in regard to the condition of the range of
mountains between Dyea and t * lakes.
Even thus early the snow has melted and
softened to such an extent that the min
ers find it practically impossible to travel
over it without breaking through with
their dogs and sleds. Hardly ever has
ibis been the situation so early in the
spring, and unless there is enough of a
freeze to crust the snow again those on
this aide will no doubt experience many
unexpected hardships before crossing the
range.
ACTIVITY AT REDWOOD CITS.
Populace Jiustlu Preparing for the Sa
tire >«n»' Celebrnlion.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 19.— A1l
is bustle and excitement here in anticipa
t on of the coming event — the celebration
of the Grand Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West.
Carpenters are engaged in putting the
finishing touches on the new pavilion,
which it is expected will be entirely com
pleted by Wednesday. To-day the con
tractors commenced the erection of the
large arches which will span the street in
the center of the city, extending from the
Hadlin buildin? to the Grand Hotel cor
ner. The arch will be finished by Wednes
day, on which day the decorators are ex
pected.
Most elaborate designs have heen sub
mitted for decorating the streets and also
the interior of Native Sons' Hall, the Al
hambra Theater, where the Grand Parlor
will hold its sessions, and the pavilion.
As a stimulus to encourage private indi
viduals ca«h prized have been offered for
the best decorated residences and business
places. The Supervisors of the county
have appropriated funds with which to
drape tne Courthouse and have given the
management of tua same to tne Native
Sons.
The accommodation committee is kept
busy assigning rooms to the delegates.
Squire Belt* *eattl* l'rop«rty.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 19.— A New
York special to the Times says ex-Uniied
States Senator Watson C. Squire has sold
the bulk 01 bis holdings in this State to
John D. Rockefeller, the consideration be
ing $500,000. It has bean known here for
some time that the Senator has been in
financial straits, and he tried hard to con
summate the sale prior to the senatorial
election in Washington State in January.
If tat sale baa been made it takes in aev
eral business blocks and about eighty
acres of unimproved land in the heart of
the residence district or tde city.
DROWNED AT MARE ISLAND.
Fate of a Smuggler Believed to Have
Been Bearing L quor to the
Alert.
VALLEJO, Cal.. April 19— Two men in
a boat were discovered about 9 o'clock
Saturday nigiit hovering about the stem
of the United States steamship Alert,
lying ac the navy-yard. The sentry was
ordered to watch them and see that they
did not attempt to smuggle liquor aboard.
Sjon the men pulled out into the stream
toward the Hartford, lying at one of the
buoys, and shortly afterward cries for
help were heard.
An officer of the Alert ordered the
steam launch, with an officer aboard, to
co out into the stream and ascertain the
cause of the cries. Tlie crew in the launch
were unable to find boat or men, and re
turned to the shic
It was learned to-day that the men in
the boat were John Love and Pete Han
sen. When they pulled away from the
Alert they were capsized on the buoy
holding the Hartford. They clung to the
boat and cried for help. Seeing the steam
launch coming, and fenrin;: arrest, they
let themselves drift down toward the
tuies. After being in the water all night,
clinging to the bottom of '.he boat and un
able to right it. Love, who is a good swim
mer, said he would start to swim ashore,
rather than perish from the cold. Han
sen warned him not to make the attempt,
but to no avail. Love has not been heard
of since.
Han*en a short time afterward struck
out for the adore and landed near the
hydraulic brick works. After landing he
fell in an exhausted condition and waa
found about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and brought to town.
Love was 22 years of age. It is believed
that he and Hansen were attempting to
pass liquor on board the Alert, but were
discovered and started to return to Vallejo,
when the accident occurred.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Frogress of the Wcrk on Ships at the
Naval Station— The Alert R.ady
for Sea.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 19— The cruiser
Charleston wiil bi on the stocks in the
drydock at Mare Island for some time to
come. So far but little work has been ac
complished on the boat. The boiler
makers are working on the smokestack,
which is being fitted together in the boiler
shop.
The gunboat Concord will be ready for
commissioning in a few weeks. The bat
tery has been placed on board, and, so far
as can be done, ttie boat will be complete
when the officers and crew report for
duty.
The Alert, after receiving a coat of anti
fouling paint, was taken out of dock Sat
urday, and on the same tide the Charles
ton was floated in. It is not known how
lon _• the Alert wiil remain at the inland
or what its next destination will be. This
will be determined later on.
The cruiser Baltimore will soon have a
large force of mechanics on board doing
repair work.
The orders of Civil Engineer Peary to
Mare Island having been revoked bythe
Navy Department it Is not at all unlikely
that Civil Engineer Masson will be re
tained at Mare Island for some time to
come.
YAIjIjEJO t. i'li nii' S DEA.TH.
James Coaklei/ of th« A>te« Pa 9 net Ate an
..*;->,:'. at lot Angela*.
VALLEJO, Cal., April James Coak
ley, one of the publishers and proprietors
of the Vallejo Morning News, died this
morning at Los Angeles, whither he went
some two weeks ago hoping to recuperate
his health, which hud gradually been un
dermined by consumption. For twelve or
more years Mr. Coakley was employed on
the San Francisco Bulletin. Over two
years ago he returned to his home in this
city and for a time was employed as a
writer on the Chronicle. He then, with
H. F. Stahl,- started the News, which has
gained a high place in the public's estima
tion.
The remains will be broueht to Vallejo
on Thursday for interment.
San t'iego Sensation,
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April ia— Louise
E. Brown has brought action against
Daniel F. Brown for divorce, alleging ex
treme cruelty. They reside on a ranch
near this city.
Defendant Brown has a famous reoord.
For four years he was an officer in the
United States navy from 1861 to 1865. In
1864, when in command of a longboat
from one of the monitors off Hatteras,
he led a rescue party which succeeded in
saving the lives of a dozen imperiled
seamen. For this the Nav> Department
voted him a gold medal. Captain and
Mrs. Brown came to San Diego several
years aeo, and from 1890 to 1894 he was
boarding officer under Unitd States
Customs Collector John R Berry at this
port.
The old man is fighting the action for
divorce, and twenty witnesses are here to
testify for him.
m>
Bamtem CapilaHnt.n Buy Life Spring*.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 19.— The cele
brated Jamacha waters of Life Springs, at
the foot of San Miguel Mountain, twelve
miles east of this city, were to-day sold
by the original owners for $15,000 to John
R. Stuyvesant of New York and Com
mander J. .McCarthy Little of the United
States navy, now of Newport R.I. They
represent a syndicate of Eastern capi
talists who will build a sanitarium near
the springs and generally improve the
property.
- . . • -
Waval F«a«elf I.mv San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 19.— United
States coast survey vessel Thetis tailed
this afternoon for Mare Island, where it
will go out of commission. The United
States revenue cutter Corwin will sail
on Wednesday to join the Bering Sea
patrol, stopping at San Francisco on its
way up the coast. This leaves San Diego
Bay without a naval vessel lor the first
time in over four months.
stnrtcton't A. P. A. -> oitiinret.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aoril 19— Pioneer
Hall was crowded with American Pro
tective Association members to-nmht, the
occasion being the nomination of a city
ticket by that organization. The follow
ing received nominations: For Mayor,
W. H. Woodbridne; Tax Collector and
Treasurer, I. S. Hume- (the nominee of
the Fusionists) ; Superintendent of Streets,
Georce A. B dwell; City Assessor, Fred
M. Rowe; Councilman at large, L. H.
Lanjj; School Director at larer.e, Mrs.
Minnie Hall; School Trustees— Frank H.
Smith, George Buck, Sewall Gower, Fred
M. \Ve>t and Dr. S. N. Cross. The last
named tour are the Fusion candidates.
Wedded at San Jon:
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 19.— Tha mar
riage of Clarence N. Ravlin and Miss
Minnie Wasae took place at Trinity
Episcopal Church this morning at 11
o'clock. Mr. Ravlin is employed on one
of the San Francisco morning papers and
the bride is the daußiiter of Thomas
Wastie of thiscity. After a short wedding
tour, they will make their home in San
Francisco.
J\VtC Building for Sauialilo.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 19.— John Fer
guson, the owner of the Oriel Hotel, which
was destroyed by tire recently, has had
plans draw:) for a handsome two-story
building to be erected on the Bite of the
burned hotel on Water street. It will be
a model •iructuro in every way.
COLD LEAD SANG
AROUND HIS EARS
Attack by Two Burglars
Upon an Arbuckle
Constable.
Thrust a Pistol Through a
Door He Is Guarding
and Fire.
The Culprits Escape Heavily Laden
After Driving the Officer
to Shelter.
COLUSA, Cal., April 19.— The town of
Arbuckle was visited last nient by burg
lars, who succeeded in getting away with
a.'iout $300 worth of cutlery from the
Hardware-store of L. O. Johnson, after ex
changing several shots witn Constable J.
O. Brewen.
At about 10 o'clock a tamale-vender saw
the two men emer the side door of the
store. As he knew that no one slept in
the building he surmised that they were
burglars and sent a boy after an officer.
Deputy Constable Brewen, in company
with a friend, went to the store. Consta
ble Brewen tried the side door and found
it was unlocked. He thought he heard
some one on tne inside, so he requested
his friend to go uptown afier help, saying
he would stand guard at the door until ha
returned.
Uis friend had gone only a short dis
tance when one of the robbers thrust a
six-shooter out of the door, and, with the
weapon almost against Brewen'a face,
fired, the ball just grazing the officer's
head.
Brewen ran around the corner of the
building, and as he ran four more shots
were sent after him. None of them took
effect. Soon two men emerged from the
side door and started on a run across lots,
one of them carrying a sack of booty on
his shoulder. Officer Brewen fired twice
at them, Dut in the darkness his aim was
wild. The burglars have not yet Dean
captured.
Wnen the interior of the store was ex
amined, it was found that a hole bad been
drilled into the safe preparatory to blow
ing it open.
TRAGEDY AT AUURAS.
Mrs. Mayo, Having Lost Her Child Through
a Divorce Decree, Shoots
Herself.
REDDING, Cal., April 19.— As a result
of a divorce recently granted in San Fran
cisco and a subsequent controversy over
the possession of a child Mrs. Mayo of Al
turas attempted suicide last Thursday by
firing a bullet into ncr breast just above
the heart and at last reports was hovering
close to death. To t ht. physician cailed to
attend her the grief-crazed woman in
pleading tones begged that she be left to
die, as she had nothing to live for now
that her child wastpkon from her.
Four years ago Mrs. Mayo separated
from her husband in San Francisco. Since
then she has lived most of the time with
her father, J. J. Wheeler of Lake City.
Some time ago Mayo applied for a divorce
in San Francisco, and as his application
was not contested by his wife the decree
was granted and tie ceased to support her
or her child.
On Saturday night. April 10, Mayo ar
rived in Alturas, and on Monday morning
went to the school, expecting to find his
boy, but was there told that he was in
Lakeview. Mayo left for LaKeview, and
his divorced wife learning of his inten
tions late in the evening followed in a
buggy, arriving but an hour after Mayo.
Mayo got possession of the child, avoided
his former wife and reached Alturas on
his return in time to board the stage for
Redding the next morning.
Mrs. Mayo's grief on discovering: that
her son had been taken away from her
was great, but she gave no indicatiot: of
her intention to take her own life. No
one anticipated a tragedy until the report
of a pistol rang out on Thursday morning
from her apartments in the Combs House,
Mayo claimed while in Alturas that the
courts below had awarded him the child
at the time he got a decree of divorce.
Alturas people say that he had not seen
the boy since infancy and had never in
quired about him or contributed to his
support.
SAVS.4I.IIO TACHT CX.VB JBOVSE.
Two- Story Structure to Replace That
Recently Hunted.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 19.— The di
rectors of the San Francisco Yacht Club
have selected plans for a new building to
occupy the site of the old clubhouse which
was totally destroyed by fire about s
month ago. The new structure will be
two stories in height, with a cupola.
Around the second story will run a ve
randa, affording an excellent view of the
bay.
The fi.rst floor will be so arranged with
lockers, dressing-rooms and a room tor
the boat-tender that & large space will be
left for the storage of boats. The upper
story will contain an assembly ball and
billiard-room, together with parlors.
Work on the new building will be com
menced Immediately, as it is considered
necessary to have v mime or the members
wilt drift apart and the organization,
which is one of the best ot its kind on the
bay, become a thing of the past.
NEW TO-DAT.
If you have tried
Baking Powder
and like it, try
also
fine Spices and
Flavoring Ex=
tracts; they are
all of the same
family.
112 TilUaaan *«Md«l. Ufra.
34
COLONEL FINIGAN'S
PRISON DINNERS
How the Rich Man Fares
While in Marin's
Jail.
Permitted to Leave His Cell
to Partake of Wine
Suppers.
Judge Angeiotti Orders an Investi
gation of the Sheriff's
Conduct.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., April 19.— The
proceedings in the Finigan divorce case
were of a decidedly interesting character
this morning. Sueriff Henry Harrison of
Alarm was before the court to show cause
why he should not be adjured guilty of
contempt for violating the order made by
Superior Judge If. IL Angeiotti to confine
Millionaire Peter A. Finigan in tne County
Jail until he paid $7.i0 alimony and costs to
his wife, pending the action for divorce
instituted by Mr?. Emily B. Finigan.
When the case came up for hearing T.
J. Crowley, one of the attorneys for Mrs.
Finigan, and upon whose affidavit Judge
Angelotti cited the Sheriff for contempt,
read the charges, which he said were a
matter of public notoriety. Although
Finigan had been ordered confined in the
prison the Sheriff had not, Crowley in
sisted, compiled with the order, and the
millionaire wns free to go in and out of
the jail to get French dinners at a hotel
across the roai from the courthouse.
District Attorney E. B. Martiu slli made
a statement on behalt of Sheriff Harrison.
He said that while he did appear as attor
ney for Mr. Harrison the Sheriff nad re
quested him to state in his behalf that he
was extremely sorry that the«e things had
happened; that Bince last Friday, when
the matter had been brought to bis atten
tion, he had locked the millionaire in a
cell in the basement of the Courthouse
and thereafter the wealthy prisoner had
been constantly under lock and key. The
Sheriff, iie continued, had no inten
tion of violating the order of the court,
ami in the future Finigan would be
closely confined. Mr. Martinelli then
apoloeized to tbe court on behalf of the
Sheriff, and said that Mr. Harrison would
abide by its decision.
Attorney Crowley addressed the court
and said that he was glad the Sheriff had
admitted the facts. While he had no per
sonal feelings in the matter he believed
that the order ot the court should be
complied with. It was a fact tnat Mr.
Finigan had boasted that he would never
pay the alimony, and that he was enjoy
ing himself in the prison. He could have
French dinners sent to him, yet ne would
not pay the $750 alimony to his wife. The
lawyer said thai if it wan necessarylhe
could prove that Colcnel Finijzan had eft
tbe County Jail entirely aud had gone off
with his friends; that the doors were not
barred against him, and he was not given
a cell in the County Jail, but was occupy
ing a room in the basement of the Court
house.
Judge Ar.gelotti said this was one of
the most serious charges that could be
brought against a county officer. It was
so serious that he would like a thorough
investigation of the charges, and wanted
the Sheriff's deputies examined and also
others who could throw light on the
subject.
Ii was decided to postpone the hearing
until next Monday afternoon, when the
Kneriff could be represented by an attor-
ney.
When seen to-day Sheriff Harrison said
that he intended to light the case; that
Kinigan had been and was then con
fined in the County Jail proper, and that
it was not a room that he occupied, but
a cell with iron bars on the window and
an iron door such as was on any of the cells
in the prison. The same cell had been
occupied by murderers and ottier crimi
nale, aDd it was the one in which Lac
Doon, the Chinaman who afterward com
mitted suicide by hanging himself, was
confined for a time. The Sheriff dis
claims any intention of trifling with the
court and now Las Colonel Finigan
firmly locked up.
The millionaire does not complain. He
does not think the new order of things
will mean liis conlinemcut in the haunted
cell. For fourteen days he has lived in
prison and his health is in no way im
paired. His daughters visit him regu
larly every day and he takes a great inter
est in the affairs of the prison. AVhen a
nsw prisoner is brought in he learns all
about him and spends luuch of his time
in reading. He has the daily papers and
copies of the weeklies. When asked when
he expects to gain his lreedom again he
says that there is plenty of time; hiß at
torneys will look after his interests and
they tell him not to worry, bnt be patient.
"KID" ZUOMI&OM cojtricTisn.
lh* Jtoieoe Train- Wrecher Escape* frith
Tjif« Imprisonment.
LOS ANGELES. Cau, April 19.— The
second trial of "Kid" Thompson for
wrecking a Southern Pacific train at
Roscoe, a small station noar tbis city, was
concluded this afternoon. After two hours'
deliberation tho jury brourht in a verdict
of guilty with a recommendation that he
be given ■ life seiuence in Slate prison.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 19 —The
gang of conspirator" accused of havingVit
tempted to aid "Kid" Thompson to
escape from the County Jail were arraigned
before Justice Young here tlm fore
noon. S. F. Harris and Harvey Jenkins,
who are reported to have had the handling
of the revolver, were allowed to go on
their own recognizance. The preliminary
examination was set for April 22.
C. P. T upper, who was alleged to have
brought trie revolver from Arizona to give
it to Thompson, was held in $1000 bail.
Maggie Brown, the woman who is alleged
to have introduced Tupper and Harris,
was also held in $1000. She is said to have
broken down and confessed the whole con
spiracy.
Wanted for an Oakland Forgery.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 19.— United
States Inspector Thrall of the I'ostal De
partment has arrested K. Morse, alias
Moss, for forging the name of R W. Ap
pieby to a money order for $2. r > at Oakland
last October. It is not known how Morse
secure! the letter containing the order.
Ihe Postoflice authorities regard the ar
rest as very important. Morse will be
taken to Oakland to-morrow.
Jailed for I'ron.iscuoiit J-.rpectoraiion, I
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. April 19.— James
Barrett, said to be a cousin of Adjutnnt-
General A. W. BaVett of the State militia,
was arrested on Saturday for expectorat
ing on the sidewalk, this being the first
arrest under the new "anti-spitting or
dinance." He was arraigned this after
noon, and sentenced to pay a fine of $2
or serve two days in the County Jail. He
chose the latter penalty.
Called to a Chicago Pulpit.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., April 19.-Rev.
W. J. Chicester, D.D., pastor of Emman
uel Presbyterian Cnurch of this city, has
received a call to the pastorate of the' First
Presbyterian Church of Chicago, formerly
occupied by Rev. John H. Barrows DD
Fatal Shooting off Jttlvertrre.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 19.— The
body of a young Japanese named Harry
Matsumoto is &t the morgue, awaitine
an inquest to be held to-morrow. Last
Saturday evening, at Belvedere. Charles
McNeal saw a small yacht adrift on the
bay, and went to take it in. Oa the deck
he' found the body, with a gun lying be
side or near it. 'The dead man was a cook
for Mr. Keeler, of Godberg, Bowen & Co.,
and was out in the crait with three boys.
Clifford Cook, George Bonnerand another.
It is supposed that Matsumoto pulled the
eun up out of tho hold, and it was dis
charged, the shot entering his breast near
the heart. His companions deserted the
boat, let:ing it rluat away with its silent
passenger. *
SJ CSAL.ITO /: -t 1. -s j: O » HI ISST.
HoisterouM Sunday J'ienicftert Will lie
Made to Break Uoc!;.
SAUSALITO, Cat-.. April 19.— The
boisterous Sunday picnicker who may
happen to run amuck of the law through
an over-indulgence in steam beer may
soon consider Sausalito a "jay" town.
The opening of the picnic season proves
costly to the government of the pictur
esque little city by the sea and to offset
the expense of lodging and feedimjr the
roughs taken In for drunkenness ana dis
turbing the peace the authorities are
considering the project of working the
arrest-d picnickers on the public roads.
The idea lias been voted a good one and is
calculated to soon put a stop to the law
lessness of the Sunday crowds wnich in
fest Sausaiito during the summer months.
One of the town ordinances provides
that all persons imprisoned for violation
of any ordinance shall iabjr for eight
hours per day. on the streets or other
public property or works within the town
of Sausaliio, and that they shall be in the
custody of the town marshal while pc r
forming such labor.
SUICIDE AT SAN JOSE
Miss Julia E. Cummin Ends
Her Life by Taking
Poison.
Was a Normal School Pupil and
Had Taught In Various Cali
fornia Towns.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 19.— Miss Julia
F. Cummin, a pupil ot the State Normal
School in this city, committed suicide
some time Jast night by taking strych
nine. Her body was found this morning
by her sister, Mrs. Orio Phelps, with
whom she had been stopping.
Miss Cummin retired at about 9 o'clock
last night. She had been in poor health
for several month? and was despondent.
This morning when Mrs. Phelps called
her sister she received no response, and
upon entering the room discovered the
girl's rigid body with the hands clasped
together over the chest. A vial of strych
nine, from which about fifteen grains had
been taken, was found in the bathroom
adjoining.
Miss Cummin was a native of Huron,
Mien., and Jo years of age. Sue has re
sided in this State since 18^'J, and had
always been encaged in teaching school
in this county and in tbe southern part of
thePtai". Last September Bhe entered
the Normal School for a special course
and took up her residence at the home of
her brother-in-law, Orlo Phelps, who is a
well-known attorney in this city and re
sides al 351 South Eleventh street.
< rim* of a San Joi*. Xatf.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 19.— Adolph
Paraeto. the young Mexican who was re
cently arrested on the charge of imper
sonating an otttcer, was to-day Eentenced
to thirty days' imprisonment in the
county jail. The defendant pleaded
guilty to the charge. About a week ago
Paraelo caught the 12-year-old son ol P.
('•. Hardy as he was returning from the
theater, and threatened to lock him up in
jail unless given a dollar. He accompanied
tne boy to hia home to get the money, but
when Hardy 6r. asked hv what authority
he had arrested the boy Paraeto fled.
ARIZONA ODD FELLOWS.
Rapid Growth of the Order in the Ter
ritory During the Past Twelve
Months.
PHCENIX, Arih., April 19.-The Ari
zona Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows has
ju-t completed its annual session, held in
Phoenix. The following were elected offi
cers for the ensuing year: Grandmaster,
Erail Marks, Bisbce; deputy grand mas
ter, J. J. Hill, Tucson; grand warden,
Louis Sultan, Globe; grand secretary,
George A. Miutz, Phoenix, re-elected;
grand treasurer, A. 11. Kllgore, Williams;
erand trustees, N. A. Morford, Phcenix;
B. Robinson, Prescott.
'ihe reports of the grand officers show
the order in the Territory to be flourish
ing es never before, several hundred mem
bers having been added within the year.
There are now sixteen lodges, witn a total
membership of ovnr 700. During tbe year
Globe Lodge No. 6 surrendered its charter,
its members preferring to aitiliate with
their brethren of a newer lodge in the
same town.
Following the Grand Ledge session a
Grand Assembly, Daughters of Rebfkah,
was instituted, the cfn-.ers being: Presi
ueut, Mr-. N. Bnpes, Pbf^mx; vice-pre-i
--ilent, Mrs. P. B. Ziegler, Tucson; secre
tary, Mrs. Nettie Scoti, Phfpaix; trustees—
Mrs. N. A. Morford and Mrs. T. M. Nolan.
Phcenix, and Mrs. J. T. I'razer, B^bee.
Within the Territory are now eight Rebe
knh lodges, lour of which have been insti
tuted within the past year. Three more
are to be instituted within the next three
months. Twenty-five ladies wre ini
tiated at the iast meeting of the Pfccenix
Rebekah .Lodge.
Measures were taken for the organiza
tion of a Grand Encampment, there now
being in Arizona five encampments with
%n enrollment of about 150. Phoinix has
th« only canton of Patriarchs Militant.
Tbe Grand Lodge session was made one
of exceptional social enjoyment, nearly a
weeit being consumed in the work and in
tbe reception of the hospitality of the
brethren in Phconix. One of the chief
features of its sessions, in which the
Grand Lodce takes especial j.riie, is its
sot of officers- jewels. The insignia are of
exceptional size and of curious design,
made by Tiffany ol New York from a sil
ver ingot donated by the Silver King Min
ing Company, tbe metal being the pro
duct of the King, lhat most famous and
richest of Arizona's silver producers.
J 1.00n.S AT I \ GRAKDB.
Farmer* Along the Grand* Jtond» Com
pelted to Flee to Higher Ground.
LA GRANDE, Oft., April 19.— The oldest
settler acknowledges that the Grande
Ronde River is higher than it has ever
been and is still rising. The bridge north
of the main crossing at the Proebstel
place, north of town, was wrecked by Lien
water last night. At the new school
house in the Nessly settlement water is
three feet deep. The houses at the Proeb
stel place and at C. W. Nessly's are almost
completely surrounded by water. Below
Island City the low lands are flooded and
unless the river ceases rising at once
many farmers will be compelled to move
tneir families and their stock to higher
ground.
It was found impossible to repair the
break in the railroad grade above Perry,
and it was necessary to blast into the bill
side and move the track further over.
Work was carried on all night, and at 2
o'clock the eastbound passenger train was
enabled to proceed.
It is reported that a large part of the
flume ol the Hilgard Lumber Company
on Five Point Creek has been taken out
by the high water. A rise of six inches
more would take out the Oro Dell bridge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
UNCIAL ILLS
NEED A REMEDY
John P. Irish on the
American Monetary
System.
More Equal Distribution of
the Purchasing Medium
Required.
Discussions In the Convention of
the California Bankers'
Association.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 19.—To
day's session of the lifth annual conven
tion of the California Bankers' Associa
tiou was characterized Dy an address, by
invitation, from John P. Irish, being by
way of a report of the work of the com
mittee appointed by the Indianapolis
Monetary Conference to ur-e upon the
President and Congress the necessity of
some action looking toward a better dis
tribution of money throughout the coun
try.
The address was listened to with
marked attention and referred to a com
mittee.
The convention is being held in the as
sembly hall of the ConcordiaClub. Presi
dent Rideout presided.
Treasurer George W. Kline of the
Crocker-Woo! worth Bank made his report
to-day, as did also Secretary R. M. Welsh
of the San Francisco Savings Union.
Papers were read by E. B. Pond of the
San Francisco Savings Union on "Inter
est and Taxes"; by Ben C. Wright on
"Currency of the Future"; by Charles Alt
schul of the London, Paris and American
Bank on "Popular Prejudices" ; by Hon.
H. W. Magee, Bank Commissioner, on
"The Banker's Responsibility and Re
lationship to the Public"; by Frank H.
Gibbon of the First National Bank of Los
Angeles on "Remedies for Prejudices
Against Banks"; by J. E. Baker of Ala
meda on "The Banker and the People."
Colonel Irish was introduced at the
afternoon session. In part he said:
The banking and currency legislation of this
I country since 1862 is the result of emercen
j cles, met by hasty action. These emergencies
have been of various kinds. Some of tLem
arose in the war and the readjustments which
followed. The most serious errors, however,
have their radius In emergencies purely par'.i
sau. Ol these the compromises of the several
refunding acts are examples.
The net result of haste and compromise is a
syhiem of financial legislation unbecoming a
modern commercial uation. Our Sat onal
banking svMem has been outgrown as a
means of distributing the surplus capita! ot
the country with fair equality, and is, by law,
compelled to be an instrumentality for con
tractm* the currency at the very time when it
should be expanded. The vice of the s> stem,
however, by no means closes the eyes of
thoughtful men to its virtues. Ita bill
holders sleep 11, safety wnile banks fail and the
record of liquidations shows a less percentage
of ioss to creditors than under any otber sys
tem we have had. Wisdom dictates tl.at we
discard the vices of the system and expand its
virtues into a scheme that will align with
scientific principles and give to a great people
a* good banking facilities: as any in the world.
■\Ye are familiar with the empirical proposi
tions in nuance which have held pub. ic at
tention and have seemed to attract nearly a
m> jority of our people. Ttie student of cur
reut affairs who passes over the-e propositions !
without proloundly investigating them snubs
his duly. Our countrymen never act without
a reason. Wo are not a willful or Insincere
people. We make no complaint without
cause and if we listen with favor to an map*
plicable remedy, it is because a Detter has not
r>een proposed. The member of Congress from
lowa uttered aery pinched out of the peop.e
by necessity, when he declared that "we need
a more and a fittener currency." That he was
ignorant and a demagogue was evident when
he proposed to expand the currency bf mak
ing any and every man's note of haud a legal
tender and irredeemable. That the people
feit the necessity to which he gave voice was
proved by two elections to Congress in spite
ol Hie appalling folly of the remedy he sug
gested.
The topular proposition to warehouse per
ishable products and receive lor them cur
rency certificates, while infirm as a remedy, is
valuable as a symptom of the inadequacy of
our banking system as a just distributor of
surplus capital. Rising in the scale toward a
legitimate system is the opposition to return
to (State banks of issue. Tiiose all have a com
mon origin in a necessity iel t by the people.
The monetary conference held in lnuianapo
lis on the 12th of last January w>is a conspicu
ous recognition of this necessity, it was a
convention of borrowers, not bankers. About
thirty States were there.
With interest at 1' 2 ' per cent in New York
City and 10 in Texns it is evident that our
ratan.i ot distribution are faulty. The farmer
is a business mnn. It is aa oid saying, anj
wise, that every good business man can oiteh
use more money than he has. Tiie merchant
or manufacturer, in close toucu with the
financial centers, has ready acee.-s to surplus
capital and can use his credit cheaply uu<l
conveniently. The greater the conpe-ition of
capital at the center the cheaper his use of it.
But at the lime when his opportunities are
greatest those of the farmer or planu-r are the
least. He, too, must use his crulit. Tr.e spara
between stediime and harvest must have pro
visions. He must carry a floating debt like
riie merchant «nd manufneturer, but he is de
prived oi the facilities to which they have ac
cess.
It is said, with more than a shadow of truth,
that a farm cannot stand 10 per cent interest'
As n matter of fact they do timid much more
Denied the cheap and ready use of credit the
planters of tobacco, rice and cotton in the
South, the wheat and corn fanners, farmers
who raise hogs and cattle in the Middle States
and our ranchers in the Went by compulsion
make wasteful and inconvenient use of their
credit. They are carried by the country store
keeper whose experience warn* him to in
demnify himse.f by an average advance of 28
per cent iv prices and interest on the running
account. His losses are not smalt; he is not
speedily enriched, but Is ujunlly with his
debtor me victim of an unbusinesslike system
whicu has a cause thatsnouid be removed.
It leads finally to an accumulated credit that
must .' c disposed of by a mortgage which rep
resents 25 i>er cent more than va.ue received
and bears from twice to four times the interest
that should be paid upon a business accom
modation. In this way unbusinoss-like meth
o is are cultivated amongst the producers, and
their complaint that they work for somebody
else is so Ur justnicd as to deserve our sym
pathy and our effort to remove. Under im
preved distribution that large class of business
men who are neither merchants, manufac
turers, nor professional men would have ac
cess to the use of their crelit upon equally
favorable terms. They would be trailed in
more exact business methods, would be less
often misled into speculation by the dream of
recoupment, and, above ail, would ficl them
selves at least a pm of the great business com
munity, equal citizens of the commonwealth
of trade and enterprise, and not hewers of
woou and drawers of water. And when the
pied piper of the tune of the demagogue ap
peared they would not follow to destruction
like the gaping children of Hameiln.
Bui these are not the only bufforers from tne
torment.- of our inadequate currency and
banking systems. We have the second larg
est foreign trade in the world, and carry it on
under conditions of peculiar difficulty. 1/ an
American merchant burs a cargo in Yoko
hama, Hongkong. Singapore, Calcutta, the
lonian Isles, Valparaiso or Rio be settles for
it in L mdon, aud its value is expressed in
English money. That is to say that the inex
orable law of trade selects for the clearing
house of the world's commerce the nation
that has the most scientific and stable system
of currency and banking. Our merchant iv
effect deposits the price of his cargo iv Lon
don to the credit of the seller. In its linal
analysis commerce is the exchange. For
every cargo that leaves a country finally a
cargo comes back in exchange. The nature of
trade is thai the invoice and bill of exchange
tske, at least one way, the same route. The
seller iv ,Tapin, Ohm«, the Straits, India or
Brazil of wuom we bougut, having owr depoe.it
to his credit in London, uses it, directly or in
directly, to exchange lor the compiemeniary
cargo which completes the exchauge of com
modities.
These conditions germinated in England
wnen Patterson founded the Bank of England
and Locke and XewtOn as a royal commi6*lon
smote a mixed and unstable" currency and
brought out of chaos order and system and
stability the most admirable.
1 am sura it is a worthy and patriotic amDi
tion that thli Republic shall achieve equally
vy striving to attain a currency system in
which m»y be safely expressed the va.ue of
evory article of commerce, wherever pro
duci-d.
Vehave by far the greatest sea coast and
navigable river mileage of nny country on the
plane:. The seas are our highway and every
busy city that sits on every coast acd shore is
our commercial field. When our currency and
banking are revised and reformed and foreign
invoices follow bills of exchange to New York
a.nd not to London we will no longer lose hnlf
our commercial force in making a vacuum in
trade lor auother to fill.
Mr. Irish said it was these considera
tions that brought the bnsiness men, rep
resenting every section of the United
States, together at Indianapolis. Men of
ail sorts of beliefs on the financial ques
tion were there — free-silver men, bimetal'
lists and void men — but all were united in
the one belief tnat a plan for a better dis
tribution of the currency must be de
vised; something must be done to render
it more flexible. Against his protest he
had been named on the committee to
carry the matter to Washington. They
had been given a patient and sympathetic
hearing by the Congressional committees.
The President received them cordially
and listened for two hours.
''We found him standing directly in
line with his position as stated in his in
augural address," said Mr. Irish, "and we
rece ved his assurances that, upon the
conclusion of tne tar.ff legislation now oc
cupying the attention of Congress, he
would bring th.s matter forward in a
spec al message. We then had an audi
ence with Secretary of the Treasury Gage.
We found him even mote eager to secure
some legislation to this end than we were." |
In conclusion Mr. Irish expressed a i
strong contidence that good results would
be shortly forthcoming. He said that the
financiers of the East spoke in the nigheet
terms of respect for the wisdom and busi
ness sense and boneaty of tiie people of
California, especially as expressed in the
recent election.
The balance of the afternoon was con
sumed in a discussion of ihe propriety of
instituting a reform in the matter of Hold
ing instead of returning the checks of
depositors and correspondents. It was
decided to authorize the incoming execu
tive committee to correspond with the
National Bankers' Association on the sub
ject.
At the session to-morrow morning J. J.
Valentine of the Wells-Fargo Bank will
read an important papor on "Bimetal
lism." The officers for the ensuing year
will be chosen, the committee on resolu
tions will report and the convention will
adjourn.
STILL SHE COURTS DEATH
The Morbid Cravjng of a
Woman in the Prime
of Life.
Sadie Robinson Saved From Asphyx
iation Says She Will Ultimately
Kill Herself.
Mrs. Sadie Robinson, the wife of Daniel
Robinson, a barkeeper, attempted to com
mit suicid* <?arly yesterday morning at
her home, l|o3 Dupont street, by inhaiing
illuminating gas. When her husband re
turned from work he found tier in a coma
tose condition and bad her conveyed to
the Receiving Hospital, where she is still
suffering from the effects of her rash act.
Tiie case is a queer one and puzzles the
physicians in attendance.
Mrs. Robinson declares between times,
when she is not too drowav, that she is not
jeaions of her husband "J>an," who is
'trie best man on earth." He gives her
nil the money she carea to spend and has
provided her with a 1000 horue.
The woman is hardly I*6 years of age,
good-looking and physically healthy.
Still she said yesterday:
"I have me blues and I am desDondent.
I know no reason why I should be so, but
T propose to set rid of that feeling as soon
as I can. 1 will commit suicide as sure as
lam lying here on this cot right now. I
will not try tto do it with gas, because tbat
way 13 too slow. I will use something
that will act more speedily next time."
There has beou a death in iirs. Robin
son's family recently — tbat of a pet
niece— and her husband believes that it
has something to do with his wife's mor
bid condition.
JAMES COAKLEY'S DEATH.
Consumption Kndi the Career of a
Well-Known Reporter.
The many friends of James Coakley, the
well-known newspaper man and all-round
genial lellow, will be pained to learn of
liia death, which took place at Los An
geles yesterday morning.
The deceased had been connected with
the Evening Bulletin for a number of
yea rs, doinfr what is known as the "water
iront" detail, where he made for himself
a host of friends by his honest and frank
and courteous manner; so much so that
on his aeparture to the Bunny south in
James Coaklcy*
search of health which never came the
vessel that bore him out of the harbor was
saluted by the steam wnistleß of every
local craft on the line of the departing
boat.
After severing his connection with the
Bulletin he went to ValliMo, and with H.
F. Stahl started the Vallejo Evening
Isews, a bright, clear, sheet, which pros
pered under his able managemeat. in
addition to being an all-round journalist
lie was an expert tyue-setter, and those
who "held cases" with him in the com
posinr-room speak of him with kindness
and affection.
Stockton Dtji-nm Fremu.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 19.— The base
ball game between the teams from Fresno
and Stockton attracted a lars*a crowd to
the diarnend at Good water Grove Sunday
afternoon. Ibc-ig pitched a great Ranie
for Stockton and did not let the visitors
score many hits. Th« batting honors
were divided between Locuhed and Sic-
Daniels of Stockton. The visitors did
some splendid fielding and in this respect
far outclassed the local men. The score
by innings was as follows:
Stockton— Huns 2 0100400 1— 8
11m* ■ liiis 2 13 115 12 1-17
Fresno— Huns a 0000400 0— B
B««e Hit* 1 0001 8 0 0 1- «
Bauciies — loefctou, Iberg and Peters; Fresno
Ea / an.l i 'hii'i'v '
The facsimile /^T^S^^ "<>» every *wrappS~
signature of . - ;] y^Ha^/^^?^ • •\ of CASTOitIA.
FRIENDS OF THE
LITTLE CHILDREN
The California Society to
Make Important
Changes.
Colonel William R. Parnell for
Secretary, Vice C. Weltfi,
Resigned.
Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott of the Oik
land B-anch Likely to Be His
Assistant.
When the California Eociety for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children meets
on May 4 several important changes will
probably be made in the personnel of its
executive officers.
In the first place Secretary Charles
Welch's resignation will take effect. He
made this fact public a week ago, and in
lest than two days no less than forty ap
plications were made by those who
MRS. LYDIA PRESCOTT, Who Will Probably Be Transferred
From Oakland to the Assistant Secretaryship of the Local
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
wished to step into his shoes, assume his
responsibilities and draw bis salary of
$125 per month.
Tnen again there is an assistant secre
taryship to be filled, caused by the decapi
tation of Frank Holbrook, who soon after
became the secretary of a new society,
formed for the same purpose. The old or
ganization has carefully considered the
many applications, and as near as can be
learned its directors have made their de
cision.
Secretary Welch's successor will no
doubt be Colonel W. R. Parnoll of 2C23
Broadway. His assistant will be Mrs.
Lydia A. Prescott, who for a year has
been at the head of the Oakland branch of
the society. Her successor will likely be
Colonel 11. A. lUmpfel.
Brevet-Colonel William R. Parnell is a
retiied United States army officer. He
entered the volunteer service in New York
In August, 18G1, and rose in the ranks so
rapidly that in December, 1861, he was
promoted to the position of captain. Dur
ing the late war he participated in a large
number of battles and engagements under
the most prominent generals.
During the Gettysburg campaign he was
wounded and taken prisoner, but escaped.
Colonel Parnell ulso served in several of
the Indian wars, and his gallant conduct
carried him close to the top rounds of the
ladder of fame in United States army
annals.
Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott is already well
known on tnis coast as well as tnroucu
out the entire country. She has always
been prominency encased in progressive
end humane work. In th«» literary world
she is also well known, being the author
of a number of widely read volumes. Her
labors in behalf of the little ones of Ala
mr-d.i County have endeared her to the
hearts of all who know her.
GRADY IS SET FREE.
Justice Carroll A: quits Him of
the Charge oi May
hem.
Shafer, Who Lost His Ear, Will Bring
the Matter B fora the Grand
Jury.
True to his declaration that he would
permit no arguments in the case of the
people agßinst W. D. Grady, and that he
would decide it upon the testimony pre
sented last Saturday, Justice Carroll
handed down a written decision yester
day in Police Court 3 acquitting the ex-
Senator from Fresno on a charge of may
hem.
Grady was accused of biting off the ear
of William Shafer, a waiter in the Orphe
um Annex in January last during a
drunken riot.
The court reviewed the case, showing
taat the three witnesses for the prosecu
tion who declared they saw the biting
contradicted themselves and each other
as to the details leading up to the main
act.
They were also contradicted by erery
witness for the defense, none of whom
saw the Senator's teetn close on the
waiter's ear, and all of whom disagreed
with the witnesses on the other su\e as to
whftber Grady had hold of Bhafer and
scuffled in the miiidie of the floor or up
acainst the wall.
William Bhafer, whose ear was bitten
oft and who has a painful recollection of
when, whnre and how v was done, dops
not propose to abide by Justice Carroll's
judgment, but says that he will present
the case to the Grand Jury for investiga
tion. ,
A MASONIC ELECTION.
iyal and Select Masters Kold Their
Thirty-Seventh Annual Meet
inc.
The thirty-seventh annual assembly of
the Grand Commandery of Royul and
Seiect Masters took place at the Masonic
Temple yesterday. The general business
was conducted harmoniously, and officers
were newiy elected and appointed and
finally installed. The fuil list was as fol
lows:
Most illustrious grand master, Henry
Ascroft of Saa Francisco: right illustrious
deputy i.-rand master, Robert Ash of San
Francisco; right illustrious conductor of
the works, Au^u3t Wackercaith of Los
Angeles; grand treasurer, Franklin H.
Day of bun Francisco; grand recorder, T.
H. Caswell of San Francisco; grand chap
lain, Thomas Kyle of San Francisco; cap
tain of the guards, Alex J. Gardiner of
Los Angeles; grand conductor, Jacob H.
Neff of Auburn; grand lecturer, George
Penlineton ; grand steward, WilJiani B.
Scarborough of Los Angeles; grand or-
Kanis:, Samuel D. Mayer of San Fran
citco, and grand senlinel, James Ogelsby
oi San Francisco.
TUENER KEAERESTED.
Hii Bond Found to Be Faulty After
He Had Been Released.
J. F. Turner, charced with grand lar
ceny, in whose case the iuiy disagreed
and who was released on $8003 bait yes
terday, was rearrested last evening and
taken to the County Jail. It developed
after his release that there was some
technical irregularity about the bond, and
Judce Wallace at once issued a warrant
for him and placed it in Sheriff Whelan's
bands for service. Bonds do not co into
the Sheriff's hands, he being required to
release prisoners on proper notice that
bail has been furnished. Turner will be
held until he furnishes new bail or the
first one is straightened out.
PILED TOO LATE.
Decision Tbat a Suit Is Not Comineuced
I'ntil Service Is Had.
Judge Morrow of the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday delivered a decision
j dismissing 'he bill in equity to set aside
I certain timber-land patents in the case of
I the United States against the American
j Lumber and Central Trust ComDanv.
The suit was hied Feoruary 3, 18C6, but
I the special order for ex-territorial service
necessary to be obtained was not filed un
til March 5, IS(W. This was two days
• after the five years' limitation had ex-
I pired. The decision settles the question
I as to the time when suits of this kind
must be beeun in order to avoid the opera
tion of the statute of limitations, the
filing of the suit not being effected until
; service is had.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA TAKES
" away the surplus bi;e and leaves the liver
in perfect order. It i- a true. liver regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA CAN
" be used by old or young. Take it moder-
ately. Remember that moderation in every-
hing tends to longevity.
•00-000-00000000
AN EXCELLENT
II 7|"C A T Properly prepared and
IVL_Ej/\ I Promptly served, can
I* ¥ ' ' dX **-' always be obtained in
1 THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the PALACE
Most Popular MA A I M
Dining Apart- * ■**--■— '-** V^ l 4
ment in town, Kmnmm>,mu^ rrrJmmmimm
o^>o-<K>o<><><><>CK><>
DR.MCNULTT
THIS'.VKI,r,KXOWN AND RI.LrABLK OFT,
-i- hp«-iail«ciir« Prlvat<?,Nervous,Bli>oU»nd «kln
diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.l. Over
=oyars^Tpprience. Send for Book. fr«>e. I'atleut.i
S^i^.SU 1 * 01 ?^ Terms reasonable. Hour.-.. 9to 8
daily :6:3o toO.i'OeVu-s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Oinralu-
Uon free and sacredly confldential. fail or address
P. KOSCOK McSttTT. M. ».,
26 ! v Koarny Slrrfl.San rr.int'inn-. C»l.
MBUBIgW't-COX COMPOUND
Mmf ht> only reliable female re n!<4tor '
mm Never Falla - Sold by druggists. fcU.OO
NOTARY PUBLIC.
"^ -*iMfc Ml jniafciiMHi 1" ill i prftEfySS
YOUR BACK.
I |i weak- I m pL ,J-
- b '^=
fc^S BACK 1 ifi
Your back is not stronsr.lt pains you,
so does your shoulder blades. Now and;
then you feel as if hot waves of steam
were pouring over and throujrh you ; then
j you will be cold again, chilly; a crawling
1 chilly cold kind o' settles all over you.
Sometimes premature weakness is also
felt; your legs will wobble and seem to
kick out; you will be seasick in a second
and then it is over.
IT IS DEBILITY.
Yes, it is debility, and yon should con«.
suit the best doctors on the coast. If you
do, ' consult the Hudson doctors, these
doctors will advise the real thing— Hurtyar*
remedy treatment.
Hudyan remedy treatment is as certain
to cure you as you are certainly in need of
it.' Hudyan cures those cases of nervous
disorders brought on by dissipation, bad
hours, abuse. If you abuse your nerves
you weaken them.
HUDYAN CURES.
Circulars and testimonials from
Hudson Medical Institute
Market, Ellis and Stockton Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
BLOOD POISON— 3O-DAY CURB.
BLOOD POISON— 30-DAY. CURE.
BLOOD POISON— 3O-DAY CURB.
BLOOD POISON— 3O-DAY CURE.
CIRCULARS FREE.
ffOTOnr.T_MDpyoi doctors free.
__V OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE Q JR. AIM. CO.
' DISPATCH I'AST STEAMERS TO
PORTL A.3NT I>
From Spear-street Whart at 10 a.m.
FA T> 17/ »12 First-class \ Including
-E -» -i-l-La . %)> Second-class / berth <Ss mea!3
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
! Columbia April 23, May 3, 13, 23
State of California. ...April 28, May 8. 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all
; Eastern points. Bates ana folders upon applica-
! tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent. ">
■ 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <& CO.. Superintendent*
PACIFIC . COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A<«
_ wharf. Saa Francisco, as follows: MBBt
For !>ort« In Alaika, AprU 1, 6. 11, 16, 81, »&
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 A. K.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea and
New Wi.atcom (BelliCKham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. k.
April 1, 11. 16, 21, 28 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. ?. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers. -
For Kureca, Arca:a and Fields .Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona '£ p. it., April 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, 80 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Caynco\
[ Port Han'ord (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hneneme, tan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angela*) and Newport, at 9 a. k.
April 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28. and every lourtli
day thereafter. -■ • .- - ■ .
For San Diego,. stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Fort Lo« An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. April 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26. SO. ana every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mawitlan, L»
Par and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 13
a. m. 25th of each month.
1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gtn'l Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Frandsca
fBUJMMIgI *B. AUSTRALIA for
ISalfflSa- K°N ° L v ■■ c only,
[•__!'■■"■• Tuesday, April 'JO, at
y™" " — ' 2 p. x. Special party
rs*s^ I * \ rates.
SfMrr.chinj ihes. & jioxowai
G)lMlllljlll|/ c -' sails via HONOLULU
/OfnßlflßW* and AUCKLAND for
ViJIIipQICep « YDS Hi Y. Thursday,
April 29, 2 p. 11.
Line to COOLG ARDIE. Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. t^rir. ..
J. D. SPRECKELS* BROS. CO., Agents. "
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, -an Francisco,
COMPACT IE GEJER.iL IUISITUiITi|SI
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH _A_«_
\J River, foot of Morion St. Travelers by <fH£s&
this line avoid both transit by English railway an)
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New \ork to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first class *160. second class »116.
LA CHAMIAGNE April 24, 10 a. m;
U. GAKCOOXE May 1, 10 a.m.
LATOURAOJE May 8. 10 a. m.'
LA BKETAGNE Ma. 15. 10 a. if.
I.A 'H AM •<:nK .... "■ 22, 10 a. M. -
J^" For further particulars apply to
: ' «- o « A. FORGET. Agont. . -"■ •-:
-.^^ ,*> .L Bow Ung Green, New York.
.£„£, Sa n G Fr 7 anctcq a - Ageat * » Moa>,om«^
gq^n.K HAMBURG- AMERICAN LUS
S3S_|__M»«fe T\VIN-SCHEW EXPREiW
t^->±-^*smss~— Line from New Yorlc to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris <Ss iiamburt
Normaiinia Apr 1-3 . .\ormaiiuta... June J
Columbia ... May 13 Columbia. ...... June 10
F. Bismarck.... May 27 | Aui v,ctoriu:..j Un ; 17
UaiiiDure-Amprioan B'wav V V
. STOCKTON STEAMERS"
At t. F. M ' received tip
tO- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Iheonl.y lint- BaiUus! through tickets and iviQ«
R ™lroaJ. 8 ' '*'** l ° *" polai 8 oa
*-"« «,, STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. j. d t «r«
Mar, Garratt. City of Stockton.
leiephoua Main 803. Cai. Niv. acd Impu (M
IIgWARi) AID YAILEJO."
SsTtAMJili "MONTICEtLO,"
MOD - o T ;;«- Wed.. ThuTTTna Sat
Fridays *| * Mll3:16p ' * ( 9 p.'m es.'Thurs.'J
Slllid»v« " :: P- \' :::: - : - f °™>"** «* B*■ 11.
Landing and otlices. Mission Dock. Pier .'.
■ . lel^pnone Green 381.
SLSS?Sr!S € ATOS & SAM CRUZ
W^.AHEKALVISO LKAVKs fiVu 1 n»ii v-BOYS IN BLUE
DRAW A CROWD
Their Tourney at the Pre
sidio Eirpyed hy
Thousands.
Many Field Sport* Were Exem
plified by the Athletic
Soldiers.
Som Military Novelties That Were
Shown to an Admiring Multitude.
More Evtnts Tc-Day.
There was a ereater crowd of people fac
ing the parade ground at the Presidio yes
terday atternoon at 1:30 o'clock than ever
attended this section of the military reser
vation before. Three sides of the grounds
were marked by a rope fence, within which
were none but the officers having charge
of the grand military tournament and
those who were to laKe part in the con
u-ts. In the grand stand, on the bleach
ers at either end and outside of the ropes
there were not less than 7000 persons,
nearly one-half of the number being
ladie: — to say uothiag of children by the
hundreds.
The grand stand was handsomely deco
rated with American flags and the three
colors representing the three branches
of the service — red for artillery, white
for infantry and yellow for cavalry.
The ground set apart for the contestants
was marked at the corners with small
American fla^s. Withai the lines were
Hie many officers interested in the man
agement of ;he tournament in their uni
i^rrns, marked with the distinctive colors
t!i:U (ieM^tiate the brancn of the service to
which tiny belong, and along the lines
were soldiers on guard dut}- to prevent
any one not authorized to pass lrom going
through the! ne -, Then there were gath
ered here and there groups' of contestants
r»ady to answer the summons to come to
the scraich. Tne Crowcia, toe people in
tiie stands and the officers and men formed
a magnificent picture.
The management of the grounds was
very creditable and «nows what the pres
ence of ti.e military has to do with the
preservation of perfect order.
Promptly at half-past one the First In
fantry baud played an overture, a"d as
the echoes of the last notes were being
sent back from tne bills on the south of
the grounds the mea were called for the
first event, which was a 100-yard dash
with six entries — two of the participants
be:ng Sergeant Puckett, "the pride of
Company G," First Infantry, and Ram?s
o: Company E, Third Artillery, the two
be«t runners in the department. It was a
crouching start, and the men pot off well
together. Puckett soon gained on all, but
before hait the distance was run Rumes
en: the lend and kept it to the nnish.
Time, 10 3-5 seconds; Puckett second. The
record for that distadce i- 93-5 seconds.
Throwing the 16-pound hammer fol
lowed^ There were five panic pants.
There was much enthusiasm when Rol
lins of Company G, First Infantry, scored
102>i feet. He was declared the' winner,
was Hikox of Company H. Third Artillery,
second, and Williams of Company O, First
Iniantry. third. The. world's record for
this event is J43%.
Then there was a bicycle race, 440 yards,
with rive itarters. Roberts oi Battery E,
Th.rd Artillery, who was a great favorite
with the people of the posts, forged nhead
in the first twenty-rive yards, and kept the
lead :o tue finisb, making the distance in
8:08 2-5. His performance was erected
with wild at plause. Fernandez of Com
pany X, Fourth Cavalry, came in second,
and Newman of Company F, Third Artil
lery, third.
Ihe next event was a cartridge race.
Five men mounted stood at scratch,
placed their unloaded revolvers on the
ground, then rode to the farthest of fire
points, where each end man picked up a
cartridge, returned to the starting point,
dismounted, placed the cartridge in a
chamber of his revolver and then re
turned after the fourth cartridge, and so
on untl the five had been picked up.
Each fired one shot on remounting. This
was a good display of horsemanship ana
required mounting and dismounting, i
>!i iner of Company B, Fourth Cavalry,
won in 2:24 1-5, Kelly of Company X,
Fourt . Caeuiry. second and, Fon shell of
Company F, Third Artillery, third.
In the 220-yard race, which followed, |
Puckett fell and wat disabled almost at i
■he s art. The winner was Rames, in
24 4-6 seconds, Woodruff of Company H, i
First Iniantry. second. The world's rec- i
orJ lor :his event is 21 1-5 seconds.
Tbe running b.ph jump was long and
tedious, rod a number of men fell out
aft. r four or five trials. Roberts won with
a record of 5 feet 2 inches, Harrison o:
Cirr.pp.ny I, Fourth Cavalry, second,
Denne third.
The len-hnrdle race, 3 feet 6 inches,
was an exciting event and well contested,
the panic. pants displaying much agility.
In tlie first neat Cameron of Company D,
Thirl Arti:iery, won in 19 1-5 seconds, and
in the secon i Carter of Company D, First
Infantry, won in 18 4 5 seconds. The final
iieat will be run to-uay.
In tbe eighth event, the spare-wheel
race, ratlin* a wheel over a distance of 100
yards, there was but one contestant,
Mueller of Company F. Thiro. Artillery.
He made a poor ttart, but soon recovered
himself and covered the distance in 22 2-5.
The b:oausword contest was a very ex
citing event. Tiie men were mounted and
used wooden ewords. In the first heat
Haberkarnm of Company I, Fourth Cav
nlry, and Souvleskioi Company X, Fourth
Cavalry, were the contestants'. The last
named was the most expert, and scored
eight points to his opponent's one. In the
second heat Ratcbford of Company C and
Weber of Company F, Fourth Cavalry,
were the contestants. Ihe last named,
who dist.iayed much skill in the use of
weapons, scoren eijjht to one. The win
ners, Souvioski and Weber, will have to
contest to-day wiih Davis of Company B.
The rnn, hop, step and jump was won
by Cameron ot Company D, Third Artil
lery, 37 feet. Kelly of Company A, First
lnfantry, was second, and Kramer ot Com*
pany B, First Infantry, th.rd.
Burke ot Company A, First infantry,
and L«ng uf Company D, sum* regiment,
were the contestants in a contest called
hasty entrenchment. The men equipped
for marching ?.«re given five minutes :n
which to dig a trench and use the tartb
for protection from the enemy. They
dag tbe trenches in hard ground, using
their bayonets for that purpose, and with
their tin plats threw op the earth. Both
men worked hard, Lang with the greater
portion of his equipment on, while Burke
removed all of his. The latter was de
clared tbe winner.
Then came the mounted gymnastics in
which Fezer of Company B, Harmon of
Company land Fernandez oi Company X,
Fourth Cavalry, took pan. The men,
minus roata ami hats, roJe bareback
hor ea and performed a number of evolu
tions which were equal to any given by
the most experienced riders in the circus
ring. The nurses as well as the men were
well trained and some of me feats were
really wonderful. For instance, one rider
Jed a borne and while they were going at
a lively trait one of the men ran alongside
of the led horse, leai>ed and landed on the
other horse behind the rider on the ridden
horse. The vanou*- leais were loudly and
dcerydly applauded. Atone time Fer
nandez fell from his horse and under him.
The animal, with great care, stepped over
EVENTS IN THE MILITARY TOURNAMENT AT THE PRESIDIO.
the fallen soldier and he was not injured.
In the 440-yard race Pucicett, who ap
peared at ihe scratch witna large abrasion
on his right knee, was the winner in
:58 3-5. Raines second, and O' Marie of
Company C, First Infantry, was third.
Alter the race Raines reeled and fell in a
faint to the ground. He was picked up
Dy his comrades, kindly cared for and in
a few minutes he recovered. The world's
record :or this distance is :47% seconds.
The fourteenth and ;ast event was the
tug-of-war. The first tug was won by the
team lrom Battery A, Third Artillery, at
AJcatraz, which at the end of rive minutes
pulled tnerope over one and one-half.
The second tug was won by the team
from Troop K. Fourta Cavalry, which
pulled a teem from Battery F. Thir dArtil
lerv, over in less than lour minutes.
The men station*.! at Fort Mason are
! jubilant over the fact that they now stand
rirst in four events and second in one.
Among the many pre-ent were: Briga
dier-General Foisytb, commander of the
Department of California; Ass stant Ad
jutant Barry, Lieutenant-Colonel S. M.
B. Young, commanding the Presidio po»t,
and other prominent officers from the va
rious posts.
The events yesterday were mostly ath
letic, but to-day and during the days to
follow there will be many that are purely
military, and will prove unusually inter
esting to the citizens, wno will ]>rooably
see tnem for the first time. These will in
clude tent-pitching, wail-scaling, mounted
wrestling, litter- bearing, relay race. There
will lie fourteen events to-day.
The programmes were bound in red.
blue and yeilow, to represent the three
branches of the service.
The officers who nave charge of the
tournament are:
Director-general and senior officer in charge,
Captain Alexander Rodger*, Fourth Cavalry ;
assistants — Svoond Lieutenants Tnaies L.
Ames, Third Artillery, and Dennis E. Nolan,
First Infnntry.
Games committee— Captnin James S. Pettit,
First Infantry, and First Lieutenants John M.
N'eall, Fourth Cavalry; Leon S. Roudiez, quar
termaster; Richard C Croxton, First In
fantry, and Eugene T. Wilson, Tnlrd Artiilerv.
Referee lor general events, Ceptaiu Guy L.
Edie, assistant surgeon. .
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE.
Dr. Howard Russell of Ohio and Dr.
Mcholat of Indiana to Visit the
Local Organization.
The State Anti-Saloon League yesterday
discussed the coming of Dr. Howard Rns
seJl of Ohio, National secretary of the
league, ana Dr. Nicholson of Indiana, the
author of the Nicholson hquor law of In
a.ana. Mr. Nicholson is to deliver a
course of lecture*. The arrangements for
the itinerary and support of bnth of these
gentlemen were referred to a special com
mittee consisting o; Dr. Bo7ard, J. U.
Webb. Thomas Harrison and Mrs. Frencii.
- S. W. Ferguson. Robert Whittaker, Dr.
W. A. Gardner, Dr. Dille and Mnj. T. P.
Williams were appointed a special com
mittee to arrange for the time, place and
representation of the State convention.
F. W. Fredricks was elected correspond
ing secretary.
The City and County Anti-Saloon
League has arraneed for a mas*- meeting
a: Central M. E. Church on the evening of
Mat 17. Tbe following committee was
appainted to arrange the programme:
Key. W. A. Gardner, Rev. W. S. Urmy
and Mrs. Rose French. There will be spe
cial iiiu-ic. There was tome talk of in
viting a prominent brewer to attend and
tell why liie saloons should be kept open.
The constitution present d at tbe a-i
meeting was adopted. The work was re
ported as rapidly progressing and the dis
tricting of the City and County will be
commenced soon. They also authorized
the enrollment of members of the City and
County. Tbe following committee was
rlecte/d on permanent officers: Rev. J. N.
Beard, Rev. W. A. Gardner and Mrs.
Rose French.
A l'annsl Dr aired
ALAMEDA, Cm., April 19.— Now that
it has been definitely decided there will be
no - joint bridge across the estuary the
tun ii*l proposition again comes up, and
there is a strong feeling among many in
the city that a tunnel should be built
rather than a second bridge. At present
delays are frequent and annoying, caused
by the opening of the draw to permit ves
sels to pass, and as traffic increases on the
estuary these delays mast become worse
and more frequent. It will be impossible
to obtain the land necessary for ap
proaches to a tunnel any cheaper than
now or to build such a structure at any
less expanse than at present. With a a tun
nel the difficulty would be solved for all
time and traffic on the estuary as well as
across it would be unimpeded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
FRUiT MEN WANT
A SAFE TARIFF
Major McLaughlin and
John D. Spreckels
Aiding Them.
Telegrams and Letters Sent to
Washington Urging Needs
of Calitornia.
k Great Home Industry in Peril of
Being Injured by Foreign
Competition
The chairman of the Republican State
Committee, Major Frank McLaughlin, as
the result of telegraph;c correspondence,
had George Frost, president of the Cali
fornia ritru -/rowers' tariff committee,
and Frank A. Miller of Riverside visit this
City a few days since for consultation on
the tariff bill now before tbe United State*
Senate Finance Committee, and with a
view 10 assisting the iruit-growers of this
State in obtaining desired tariff legisla
tion. Senator Perkins is earnestly labor
ing in their behalf, and quite a number of
telegrams have been forwarded to Wash
ington urging the importance of the pro
posed legislation.
In a telegram to Senator Morrili, chair
man of the Senate Finance Committee,
Major McLaugnlin says:
Tne efforts being mnae in the interest! of
foreign fruit-crow ers should not be permitted
to i-revail against that great and growing in
dustry in California, in which mauy millions
of dollars are involved. The business inter
ests of this State imperatively demand no re
duction from the House schedule on raisins,
Zame currants ana citrus iruits. The latter
requires 1 cent per pound protection. I ap
peal to you to aid Senator Perkins.
John D. Spreckels, as a member of the
National Republican Committee, tele
graphed to Senator Allison as follows:
I believe you will make a mistake in at
tempting to return citrus fruits to a meniure
ment bm«. The industry here is much tie
pres.-ed and the reque-4 lor 1 cent per pound
will not put our growers ou an equality with
foreigners.
Telegrams have also been sent to Senat
ors Alii rich, Platt of Connecticut, Wolcott
and others to assist the California fruit
growers.
In a letter to Major McLaughlin the
secretary of the California Citrus-growers'
Tariff Committee, Frank Wiggins of Los
Angeles, says:
We are endeavoring to bring every pressure
to bear on the representatives in th«- United
States Senate toward procuring proper tariff
on California fruits.
We are especially Interested in this sectiou
to nave a tariff Disced on citrus fruit* of 1
cent per pound. The Ways and Means Com
mute.; of the House recommended a rate of
% ot a cent per pound.
We have representatives in Washington who
are working to have the amount railed to the
1 cent rate, and In opposiion to « 1 this every
foreign dealer and importer, backed up by
mauy Eastern capitalists, ar.- working to re
duce the rate to its old standard, jhich would
be equal to % of a cent per pound.
They are aiso fighting ihe pound proposi
tion, ciaimh.g that it in unfair.* The mere fact
of this opposition is sufficient to convince any
thinking man it is the only proper way to Im
pose a tariff that would be benencial to us and
prevent frauds upon the Government.
The following memorandum has also
been issued:
The House of Representatives has adopted a
duty of three-four trig of a cent per pound on
citrus fruit.
The representatives of the citrus fruit
growers, now at WHShington, and the Los An
geles Chamber of Commerce are asking that
the tariff be made 1 cent per pound
Many foreign countries, like Russia. Austria,
Sweden aud others— where no citrus fruit is
raised— have placed a h gher duty on oranges
than the American gtower asks in order to
enable iilni to compete with the foreigu ship
per, while near. y all the countries oi Europe
have a tluiy on curus lrulu greater than ihe
Un ted Stales has beret>:ore oemauded
The importers of New York, principally
Italians and Spaniards, have organized to Ue
ieat the tariff. They have sect telegrams to ,
their Governments and to the Chamber of
Commerw at i'atanla, Messina and t'alermo.
to influence our Congress. The Italian Minis
ter at Washington, it is reported, under in
struction of his Government has invited the
Importers to come to Washington where they
now constitute a .obby.
Tue industry needs a protection of 1 cent
per pound in order to exist. Picase write to
your lriends In Congress, and Senate, urging
them to support the measure set forth above.
ADULTERATED JELLY.
Judge Senwell Decidea That One Who
Sold Bogus Food Producta
MiiMt <•<> to Jail.
Sellers of adulterated food received a
shock yesterday. The case of Louis
Hartter. charged with selling adulterated
currant jelly, was beard by Judge Seaweil
on a writ of habeas corpus.
The point made in tbe writ was that the
offense charged was an indictable misde
meanor, and that Police Judge Campbell,
who heard tbe case, bad no authority to
try it, as under the law tbe costs assessed
against the defendant might be in excess
of $1000— a state of facts which would take
tbe case out of the Police Court jurisdic
tion.
In deciding the rase Jndge Sea well found
that the statute failed to provide any ma
chinery for determining the costs and ex-
Den-es of inspection and analysis. The
order of the court in tlie matter would
not take the form of punishment for vio
lation of the law, but merely that of a
judgment for co j ts.
Judge Seawell held that part of tbe
statute void for uncertainty, and sus
tained tbe remainder of the statute. He
thereiore remanded Hartter to the cus
tody of the Sheriff, and the defendant
will either have to pay a tine or go to jail.
MEDICAL DEGREES.
College of Physicians and Surgeons Ap
peals to University Regents. ,;.;/,
The following communication is self*
explanatory : •{'"'-
To the Honorable Board of Regents of the Uni
vertity of Gentlemen: The under
signed trustees of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons of San Francisco, a legally char
tered medical college under the laws ot the
Slate • i California, having learned through
the public press that" it has been" decided 10
grant the degree of bachelor of science. to
students who, alter three years' study in the
university, tun pursue the study of medicine
in the medical department of that institution,
respectiully request thai the same decree be
granted to students of the university who may
pursue the study oi medicine in the College of
Physicians and burgeons of San Francisco. We
ask that this petition be granted on the follow
ing grounds, namely: -■;■
The College of Puysiclans and Surgeons of
San Francisco was incorporated under the
provisions of part VI. Title XVII. of the Civil
Code of the State of California, June 18, 1896.
for i he purpose of furnishing to stuuems ot
the Pacific Coast States a thorough aud practi
cal education in medicine, t-umery and den
tistry. The students at the present time num
ber VJ$. These students turougauheir par
ents, relatives and friends .represent a large
number of taxpayers of the State of Califor
nia, and as such- contribute to the mainte
nance ot the university. The teaching ' facul
ties of the College of Physicians and Surgeons
at the present date number thirty-two, and as
such with i i.eir relatives and friends also rep
resent a large number, of tux payers of the
State of Calilornia and are contributors to the
maintenance of the university.' Therefore
your petitioners request that they be conceded
a fair share of its honors and privilege*. <
I The College of P.iy«iclans and Surgeons dur
ing the first year of its existence has risen to
its present prosperous- condition and -large
proportions through the individual enterprise
of the member* of it» faculties »nd the merits
of Its 'teaching .staff. The college is situated
in the most populous 2 district of San 'Fran
cisco, lips established a lour years' graded
course ol study, and has opened . its. doors for
treatment of tbe worthy poor." where medical
and surgical nid is furnished by . tne . teaching
staff to thousands ol invalids free of charge.
Basing this request on the above grounds,
we, your petitioners, respectfully solicit your
early and favorable ac ion. ,S. M. Mother,
president of tho boaid of trustees; J. R. Lame,
president r"I the college; W. F. - Southard,
treasurer; Thomas Morffew,. president of the
dental faculty; Charles Buzton,- dean of the
dental faculty; Window a. .do. sou. dean of
the college. - "■;"; . . .
Foreclosing m I liHttel Mortgage
Milton M. Piv:g hu instituted a suit against
Mrs. Addle M. Laskey, to foreclose a chattel
mortgage for $75 on certain household goods,
ti. 'jether with $100 nttorney's :ee. T))« inter
est has been runniue (or some time at the rate
of 6 per cent a month, compound ing monthly,
and the plaintiff astes that defendant be made
to pay aiiy deficiency that may occur.
• : The most dangerous wat }ri in the world
for the passage of ships .ie -off the east
coast of Kn-.'1.-uid, Cape U-hant, in France,
and Gape Fin isterre, in Spain. ;i '-.•<;"• "s> ;
The fee-simile Jfl^ y>&* -r*"* "on every wrapper
signature of {Jtm&jfTcucSiA of CASTOEIA. ; |
GEORGIA CAYVAN
IN A NEW PLAY
W. R. Walkes Has Little
Sympathy for the New
Woman.
The Alcazar Proves That Tom
Taylor Still Has Power
to Please.
An Actress-Aut oress at the Grand
Op.Ta-House— Minstrelsy at
the Baldwin.
\V. R. Wai fees 'evidently intended to
point three morals when he wrote "Mary
Pennington. Spinster," which Miss
Georgia Cay van produced for tbe first time
in San Francisco at the Columbia Theater
last night. Tbe morals are tbat however
erudite a woman may be she is totally un
fit to manage any business undertaking,
that if ladies take the initiative in matri
monial affairs and pop the question
nothing but misfortune can come of it,
and that a 'Varsity education rather ham
pers a woman than otherwise in the race
of life, for it unfits her for giving full rein
to the affatr* of the heart, which W. K.
\Vaike« evdently considers the begin
ning, tbe middle and the end oi a femi
nine existence.
The plot of "Mary Pennington,
Spinster," is rather too light and flimsy
to bear the burden of these morals, and
the consequence is that the interest
of the audience languishes before the end
of the piav.
Mary Pennington is a lady of great
learning, who carries on the business en
terprises of her late father, with the
assistance of a junior partner and of an
elderly friend, Dr. Timothy Hale, who
plays Mentor to the Telemaque of every
one he comes across.
Without having any intention of being
humorous, Mary has the sort of ideas on
woman's rights that ti.e new woman is
represented by comic papers as posiess
liir. For instance, she dismisses ail the
men from her mill and hires women in
-.heir places. The junior partner protests
in vain against a course that threatens
financial ruin, but Mary persists, being
one of those people who are very "set in
their ways."
There would not be any play at all if it
were not for Dr. Timothy Hale. He in
vites Mary to become engaged to the
junior partner, to "cement the business
interests." He also invites Prudence
1 lentil-, Mary's learned young cousin, to
give lessons in topic to a very uncultured
young man named Algy Bloom fie Id, who
knows so little about ancient British his
tory that he thinks Queen Boadecea was
some part of an Easier oonnet.
Haying set the ball of two courtships
rolling, Dr. Hale awaits developments.
Mary propose* to Geoffrey and is accepted.
Prudence and Algy give every outward
•in. i visible sign that they are going to fall
in iove over the logic, and Lady Maitland,
a scheming widow, shows tbat she, too,
loves Geoffrey. This is all in the first act.
and the blast* theater-goer has little dif
ficulty in divining how the rest of the play
wili run.
Miss Georgia Cayrnn acted th« role of
Mary Penninglon very frankly and charm*
lii.jy, indeed she made almost more out
of the part than w<ts in it. Mis- Mary
Jerrold was a de.iu'htfu.l little Prudence.
Her scenes with the illiterate Geoffrey are
the autnor's happiest efforts, tor they are
both amusincand original. George Wood
ward played Dr. Hale with plenty of
spirit and dry humor, and Charles Thropp
took g od care oi Ally's role.
Orrin Johnson made what he could of
the junior partner's role, but Ann Suth
erland was a trifle cruieas Lady Maitland.
'ihe first a«t of "Mary Pennington,
NEW TO-EAT.
TIRES REPAIRED FREE.
1
Repair Depot— Morgan Sr Wright tires
will be repaired free at the OA. &• W. repair
depot, 130 Golden Gate
Guarantee. — We will replace defective
tires when, in our judgment, the defect is
from our fault.
Spinster," is the best part of the play,
though the comedy part of the dialogue is
si arming all through. Some of the r»
rriHrks are decidedly original, as when Dr.
Haie describw a gossippin;* community
by saying, "This towu is a nest of tea
drinking hornets."
The Alcazar.
It was nothing short of a happy inspiration
that led the A.czar to stnge Tom Taylor's
comedy, "The Overland Route."
Although its author has been buried this
many a day, the play is up to date wrf s. 11
good to please lor years to come.
The title is rather misleading. Nearly all
the action taxes place aboard ship; const
quently, "Overland Route" gives one much to
puzzle over and consider.
Tne old comedy calls for a rather long cast,
and brings to the front the best there is in
Belasco'a stock company. George Osbourue as
Loribond, the Singapore merchant, iv his
rcane-up brought to mind visions ot wnat
'■Uncle* George Bromley will look like when
he really grows old. His acting was as gocd
as hU make up, and that is not giving the
gentleman fair praise.
Mrs. F. M. Bates, who, by the way, reap
peared iast evening after a rather protracted
absence from the stage oi this oozy theater,
was accorded a warm welcome by her many
iriends and admirers. She piayed Mri. Lori-
Dond with a true commanding spirit, and
mace an excel:ent contrast to Miss lielgarde's
sprightly Mrs. Sebright.
The rest of the cast was in good hands.
Powers m.ide an excellent Sir Solomon Fraser
and Gordon Foster a dashing Tom Dexter.
The old comedy is the best that ihe Alcazar
has done for some time, and is a fit offering
lor the joyous Easier week.
Grand Opera-House.
"The Brand of Cain" is the name of the ro
mantic play given at the Grand this week.
Miss Mamie Sheridan Wolford, a rather clever
little woman, made her initial appearance at
the Grand and Droinbes to establish herself as
a favorite. Ker part is that of nn Irish servant
whose chief wi-sion in life is to save the hero
aud heroine trom hornbte death?. This she
does in a most diverting way. .-he and Nat
Willis have all the comedy tnere is in tho
play.
trod Butler plays a dunl role, the usual
thing, a gcod and a bad brother, iv an effec
tive manner, ana surely the stage has no
other such a "dyed in the wool" villuin as
John V trson. Landers Stevens playb the
"good old man," who, as usual, is doomed to
death in the early part of the story, but he
makes a most wonderful escape and lives to
accuse the wrong man of the crime. Lorena
Aitwt'od has but little to do, but such aa it is
she doei it well.
The Orpheum.
Madam Annina Orlandi and Signor Achile
Albert), late of ihe Mapleson grand opera
company and the Sjalchi concert organization,
are the star attractions in the very excellent
programme the Orpheum Is offering i;s patrons
this week.
Alberti is the possessor of a clear tru<* bary
tone voice, ana his Romanza from "Faust"
arouitid the audience to enthusiastic applause.
Mme. Orlandi in some way appealed to the
risibilities of the gallery, who saw fit to ac
company her cadenzas with a running string
of laughter. The orchestra, however, com
pensated by unstinted appiause. Marzelo and
Miilay. clever acrobats and burlesque wres
tlers, Herr Graus and his trick bauoon and
doukey. are among the new features on
the programme.
Tivoll Op Ta-House.
"The Lily of Killarney" opened Its second
week last night. It was greeted by a good
house and promises to fill the time before the
elaborate production of "Shamus O'Brien''
very successfully. Dennis O'Sullivan, the fa
mous barytone, will then make his appear
ance. "Shamus O'Brien" has met with all
kinds of success iv London and the East, so Its
production here is looked iorward to with a
great deal of pleasure.
Baldwin Theater.
Admirers of minstrelsy are enjoying the
varied performance provided by Primrose and
«e«t. A number of the acts have already De
come popular, particularly the dancing of
Henry Williams auu the ' Phantom Guards
production.
At the Chutes.
Charles Cavil l, the Australian swimmer, is
one of the principal attractions at the Chutes
at present. Every afternoon and evening he
walks across the lake on his hand-, stays
under water for over three minutes and gives
all kinds of long-distance and faucy exhi
bitions. Performances on the open-air stage
are also given twice a day. The animatoscope
shows new scenes every nighi.
HEARING HAMPOED.
Work on the Teller Rosd'i Bridge Over
Kin-;* River Begun.
Work was commenced yesterday on the
bridge over Kings River by the Valley
road. It is expected to have the structure
completed in out three weeks, when
track-laying will be resumed on to Han
ford, wbicu is but eight miles from the
river. , . £*£•*• : <s'fpVi3 ■• ■ . ■-■ :
Most of the grading is already done to
Han ford. There is, there ore, prospect of
having the Valley road in operation to
Han ford by the first of June.- ' _"
NERVOUS pEBIUTyXUREDr~
vVi*<?// V^'i/V SAN PABLO, Cal., - April 19. 1897.
' i»lliM»W^T<itrTri« L^ ' DR. A-T.SANDEN-DearSir: When I
«^V J rtks3rf£f / M r/'£W^WJv\ bou « ht yonr Beit last September I was
Mf f /jaiSsLj^^KlL^^M' 7/ kL\ ahll(St a from nervous debility and
&jJS? ">j(^ losses of strength. My liver and. kidneys
■kSE/ . ' .'^>^a WPre in bad 9Da P e and i " Bed to nave
BiPS^I l'l'i^i'^''- ■»'■'■'■•.' . .J^Zj-Z&Ga lo9<e<! three or four times a week. This
s|MLj^*!Mr* p! '^spr^' ''*'-' ''-- t'~' 'IIW wasa terrible drain 'upon my system ana
I?*R &lsSsi&&£x 1 felt very weak and miserable. After
''fi^^^Kit^r-^^^^^-^Tpi^^ N wearing your Belt for three months I felt
*/VT«Uv^ I //>>""> Jft * : fine. My losses : were all stopped, my di-
... matter what i * TM* Belt has pestion good and I now feel strong and
ell. has railed. Jfe cored many wel ■ I think your Belt is tue best thing
th rel.arem-»£ cases after in the woridfor lost manhood and debility.
•ay foe every "^i?" IVg thousands of I nave ' ried . man y other remedies, and
ill. Dr. San- ~ W^§' doll » r s had maKe * nls statement . for ■ the . benefit of
den's Beit will <?#S&^k been spent fur other sufferers. Yours truly,
do for most. .'drugs. . . WILLIAM WILKIE.
•WEAK ao:A.3xr, ouhb t*ouh.sexii».
You ought to check the secret waste that is threatening yonr physical constitution. You \
can see by the failure of your vital forces, your memory and intellect that you are losing your
manhood. -It Is \vors.- than foolish let it go on, lor e*ca day it grows worse, and in time will
undermine your system. | Then you cannot be cured. Every mnu should know himself, there*
fore study your own case and you will understand that something is sure to give way unless
thin waste is checked. ■ ■_»>-. ■•- ' ". • .;■« ■ ■ •- . : .
• It can be stopped in from two to six weeks by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. The contractile
effects produced by the electric current from this belt checks ail unnatural drain quickly and
gives bfsck the strength and vigor that is needed to make manhood per c -t.
--In justice to your future happiness act now, while there is yet n. spark of vitality left you.
Dr. eanden's Be: develops the vital apa-k to vigorous power. Read about it in "Three Classes
ot Men," which will be sent free on appl. cation, closely se;.ieJ. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., SiftSft & 8%%^
Office hours — 8 A. M. to 8:30 KM. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los VnjjeioiOmca 204 aouta xi.-j*4.
way: Portland, 0r.,^^253 Washington street; Denver. C 010. ,935 Sixteenth street.
itOlJL.— no mistake in .Uie numDer— 632 Marxist street- . Make note of it.
i ■'? DB. BANDER'S £U£CXiUV I'KUsS CUKES BVFXUUB,
MERCHANTS WANT
THE CITY'S AID
Business on Lighted Streets
Has Increased Ten
Per Cent
The Supervisors Will Be Asked
to Carry on the Good
Work.
At the R quest of the Improvement
Cinbs the Merchants' Associa
tion Will Act.
One of the important questions now
being considered by the various i.nprove
ment cluhs is that of providing for the
continued existence of the electric street
lights, the expense of which has been
borne by the merchants doing business oa
the stive's so improved.
Polk street being the first of the streets
illuminated will as a matter of course be
one of the first who-e six months' con
tract with the electric light company will
expire. This will occur on the Ist of
May, and the question now uppermost in.
the minds of the merchants on the street
is "What is to be done?"
This is partially answered by each and
all who have subscribed to the light found
that, come what may, Polk street cannot
be permitted to relapse into the condition,
of the dark ages, out of which it was taken
six months ago.
By judicious management the executive
committee of this club will be enabled to
keep the street lighted during the month,
of May out of the surplus saved during
the past six months. Something, how
ever, must be done to keep the lights
burning daring the month of June.
Then comes the issue of the day, not
only with the PolK-street bat all the im
provement clubs m the City which have
lighted streets as a feature of their im
provements. A combined effort will be
made by all the clubs, through the Mer
chants' Association, to induce the Super
visors to provide in the annual appropria
tion sufficient funds to have all the streets
now lighted at the private expense of the
merchants and property-owners hereafter
illtiminnted at the expense of the tax*
payers of the whole City.
The executive committee of the Polk
street Club recently extendei invitations
to all the other clubs in the City to meet
(or the purpose of discussing a mode of
procedure to accomplish thi3 purpose, but
owing 10 a clerical error in the notice of
the call no meeting was had.
Since that time, however, the general
op:nion of the clubs has been expressed
that the matter could be dealt with by the
Merchants' Association representing the
clubs before the Supervisors.
From the same clubs comes the unani
mous opinion that the electric lights on
the streets have been beneficial from a
business point of view.
Several merchants on Polt street say
that business has improved 25 per cent
during the past six months.
Third street — one of the last to get
the electric current turned on — is still
m<re boastful of an increase in business.
Bernard Katschinski of the Philadel
phia Shoesture, speaking for th- Third
street merchants, said he was tree to ad
mit that the business oa that street has
improved over 50 per cent since the street
was lighted up, and he is still more hope
ful of this street being second to
none in the City as soon as the newspaper
buildings now in course of construction
are finished. After that he tays he will
spend $10,000 in improvements on his
store, and other property-owners will
follow suit on the improvement line.
Consequenily the Third-street mer
chants nre in favor of having the lights
continued at the general expense of the
taxpayers. ■ . ; j
Tnere are Btiit 20.000.000 square miles of
the earth's surface m&t nave not been ex
plored.
56
TUESDAY APRIL -'P. 1897
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIUUK,
Editor and Proprietor. '
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally end Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily end Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Daily »nd Sunday Call, si* months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily end Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.60
Daily mid Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
6unday Call, one year, by mall 1.50 !
WUKLV Call, one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Fan FraucißCo, California.
Telephone M*in-186S
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
£1? Clay btreet.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
(127 Montgomery s'.reet, corner Cl»r; open until
B:30 o'clock.
:iS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 l.»rkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until {> o'clock.
i:51« Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Booms 31 and 82, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Colonel Vassos will now have to leave
Crete or lose the fun, and the choice is
not an easy one.
Sympathr is almost universally on the
Eiue of the Greeks, but the betting seems
to favor the Turk-;.
It is an easy prediction that the worse
sjell3 of the present war are going to be
found in names of the battlefields.
" *
Los Angeles will have more beauty this j
week than ever before. Quite a number j
of San Francisco girls are going to La j
Fiesta.
It will be easy for Los Angeles to see
herself double this week, lor the rapture
of the tiesta will maka her a city beside I
herself.
Now that the Greeks have entered npon
a campaign with Skouzes as War Minis
ter, let us hope they will not come out of
it with excuses.
The war in the Levant will probably free
our raisin-growers from the competition
of Zinie currants, and to that extant
Fresi-.o is in luck as;ain.
The war between Greece and Turkey
will not concern as much. Our duty is to
keep up the work on Balboa avenue and
yrovide employment for labor.
It matters little whether the Greeks or
the Turks were the aggressors. The im
portant question now is which of the two
Will show itself most aggressive.
The gold standard Democratic papers of
the East are almost unanimous in refer
ring to the celebration of Jefferson's birth
day by the Bryanites as a "desecration of
the day."
There seems good assurance of an alli
ance between Germany and Russia, but
whether t is an agreement for a mutual j
Btand-off or to whip somebody else is not j
so certain.
It would be interesting to know whether
Bismarck was riled by Gladstone's letter
denouncing the Kaiser as a "youthful
despot," or whether he put it In his pipe
and smoked it
The scheme by which Cleveland under
took to secure positions for life to all his
cuckoo office-holders may be defeated yet.
There is such a thing as taking a trick of
that kind by trumping it.
Every treaty we have arranged with
England in recent years seems to be full
of blow-holes, and the best thing the ad- i
ministration can do is to throw them all \
in the waste-basket and make a new lot.
The only effect of the retroactive clause
of the Dingley bill that can be surely
counted on is that it will lead the new
tariff straight from the President to the
Supreme Court as quickly as can be.
If the Servians, Macedonians and Al
banians join with the Greeks Turkey will
be carved and distributed before next
Thanksgiving, and an immemorial joke
on that anniversary will be lost to the
American people.
According to a recent report the money
gifts to Yato du r ing the last decade have
averaged $400,000 a year, and atill the
president i« asking for more. Asa little
learning is dangerous he wishes money
enough to supply it in bulk.
If the report is true that when asked
his opinion of the Democracy of David
Bennett Hill Mr. Bryan "relapsed into
8 lence," it is to be hoped somebody will
a«k him the same question from this time
on until the country has a rest.
It is believed that one of the reasons
why Speaker Reed declines to appoint the
committees of the House is that the pres
ent situation gives him a means for con- j
trolling the unruly members. Every man j
who has enough leadership to aspire to
the chairmanship of a committee looks to
the Speaker for the appointment, and in
the meantime behaves himself.
The proposal in Kansas to tax "inor
dinate wealth" has raised a discussion
over the meaning of the term. A degree
of riches which might be inordinate in
one locality would, hardly be a compe
tence to keep up with the procession in
another. Taking the United States &•> a
whole no man's wealth can be called
inordinate bo long as there is a millinery -
Etore in every town and a new Easter
every year.
To the leaders of the Democratic party
Ihe New York Sun says: "Too much
Bryan, gentlemen, from this time on will
mean too few Democratic votes at the
next election." The warning was doubt
less well meant, but as it is better for the
country to have too much Bryan rather
than too much Democracy, it is gratifying
to know it will have no more effect on
Democracy than the buzz of a gad-fly on
the ears of a donkey.
Senator Allison having been asked
when the tariff bill would probably be
adopted is reported as having replied: "I
rhonld say. the middle of June would be
ns early as could be expected. The first of
July may come before it is a law." It
will be seen Irora this that but for the
retroactive clause the speculators would
have had a great deal of time to import
large stocks of foreign goods nnder low
duties and thus provide themselves with
h-s fronts at the expenao oi ike ireaiurj.
THE WAR IN EUROPE.
The conflict between Greece and TurKey has been so long before the world that
j the formal declaration of war occasioned no surprise and has had hardly any effect
upon the stock market. Such influence us it may have had was foreseen long ago,
and has been amply discounted by the able and far-seeing financiers who manage the
great bulk of the world's business.
In this country the effects will hardly be even noticeable. As Secretary Sherman
has pointed out, our trade with Greece and Turkey combined constitutes but a very
>mall fraction of our foreign commerce. Neither country exports or imports any of
the ereat staple products of the American people, and it is doubtful if the war will
have any great effect even ui<ou the wheat market, which is more susceptible to war
influences than any other.
It is well understood, however, that the noimal continuance of commerce is de
pendent wholly upon the ability of the great nations to keep the war localized in the
Levant and avoid on their own part any complication with it. To this end the diplo
macy of the statesmen will now be directed, and from the present outlook it seems
altogether probable that they will be successful in doing so.
The elements of danger are the personal characteristic* of the two rulers whom Mr.
Gladstone called the "youthful despots" of Europe. If the ambitions of either the
Czar or the Kaiser should be excited by the progress of events there is no telling what
j a day might bring forth. Fortunately neither of them is such an absolute rnler in
fact as he is assumed to bo by the law of hi: country. The Czar is an autocrat in name
only. .Russia is realJy governed by a bureaucracy which acts in the name of the Czar,
and which, being supported by the nobility and the church, has frequently shown'
itself powerful enough to withstand much stronger and more resolute men than the
present Czar has ever Deen reputed to be. Much the same condition prevails in Ger
many, and, even if the Kai'er were eager for war, it is by no means certain that he
could obtain from his Ministers, his Parliament and his people a sufficient support to
encage in it.
According to the latest reports from Europe the Governments of Russia and Ger
many are perfectly willing to leave the Turks and the Greeks to right out their quar
rels by themselves, so lone as the other Balkan states are not involved in it. There
fore, unless the GreeK agitators can succeed In inducing the Macedonians, Albanians
and Servians to assist them in attacking Turkey, the war will orobably be confined
wholly to the two nations already engaged, and will not be long continued nor of
much effect upon the commercial and industrial interests of the rest of the world. Its
chief result will be politicul. It wiil bs another step made in the direction of a final
settlement of the long-vexed Turkish problem, and can hardly fail to hasten the
coming of the end of the Ottoman empire in Europe.
THE LOS ANGELES FIESTA.
The Los Angeles fle«ta has now become
one of the notable features of California
life, and serves to attract annually a large
number of visitors to the State. It has
not yet become so noted as the carnival at
New Orleans, but is rapidly approaching
a close rivalry with that great festival and
promises within a few years to surpass it
in magnitude, in brilliancy and in popu
larity.
An occasion of this kind, which serves
so well to advance the welfare of the State,
is a matter of no little importance. It is
something more than a pleasant pastime
and a week's frolic. It takes the nature
of a ceremony, serving as an education in
artistic development and in the art of life.
It makes known throughout the world the
geniality of our climate, the profusion of
our flowers, the wealth and culture of our
people and the open-doored hospitality of
our homes. It gives to California a repute
and a prestige among the States of the
Union, which add to its attiactiveness to
all who have strongly developed social in
stincts and the means to exercise them.
It serves, therefore, to promote the gen
eral interests of the community, and de
serves a liberal patronage from all parts
of the State.
The fiesta this year has a particular I
claim on the people of San Francisco, !
from the fact that when a carnival in this I
City was talked of some of the leading |
men in Los Angeles arranged to bring i
large excursions from Sout crn California !
to take part in it. That the intention was '
not fulfilled is due In nowise to Loi An- i
geles. The kindness which prompted it
and the State patriotism manifested in it ';
remain as obligations for us to iepay.
We should fulfill to Los Aneeles that
which her people promised to us. Our j
society should show itself there, and add
what it can to the beauty and the gayety
of the festival. We should help the enter
prising people of the south to make their
display worthy of a National reputation , ,
being well assured that all the benefit to j
be derived from it will not be confined to j
that portion of the commouwealth, t.ut
that we, in common with the rest of Cali- i
fornia, w.li reap a portion of it as well as
of the pleasure which the fiesta will afford |
to all who witness its beauty and take
part in its eayeties.
EASTWARD EMIGRATION.
In a recent interview with George Alfred
Townsend Senator Allison stated that the
tendency of immigration from lowa is
now eastward instead of westward. Young
men who leave that State to seek homes
go to Chicago instetd of going further
west, as they did in former years. In fact,
as he said, the reflpx wave which General
Sherman prophesied has begun and immi
gration is now rolling eastward.
In giving an explanation for this course
on tt c part of the youne men of lowa the
Senator is quoted as saying:
"They formerly went to Dakota, Colo
rado and beyond the Rocky Mountains.
Many of them saved or convcrte-1 their
farms and homes into money and went
to J*os Angeles or to Seatile or elsewhere,
and they almost all lo^t their money.
When I talked to you in this room fi teen
or twenty years ago the young lawyers
were moving to Dakota, to Yankton, to
Nebraska; they are returning and settling
to the east of the Missouri."
That this statement is accurate cannot
be questioned. Senator Allison is an able
and trained observer of the social condi
tions and tendencies of the people of his
section of the Union and speaks as an
established authority. Nor can it be
doubted that he is right in the reasons he
has given for the changed courso of em -
gration. Neither is it difficult to under
stand the situation and realize exac ly
how the cause has produced its effect.
Among the thousands of young men
from the East who come to the Pacific
Coast and the greater West generally there
were many who found profitable employ
ment, made successful ventures and set
tled themselves permanently in the new
land. Those who failed returned home.
The effect of this on pubic opinion in the
older States might have been calculated
from the start. The successful settlers in
the West were far away from their old
homes and were soon forgotten. The un
successful ones were at home, continually
talking to their friends and neighbors,
and each one by a natural impulse en
deavored to account for his failure by de
nouncing the land, the cities and the
States in which the failure occurred. As
a natural result the better features, ad
vantages and inducements of the greater
West were lost sight of, while its draw
backs and its defects were incessantly re
peated and magnified in the ears of the
people.
It will take the Pacific Coast some time
to overcome the evil effscts of the bygone
booms. That it will ultimately do so,
however, cannoi be doubted. We must,
however, expect to see our progress in the
future laid upon lines materially different
from those on which progress has been
conducted in the past. The drift of
American population now is toward cities.
The factory draws better than the larm.
The workshop is more attractive than the
town lot. The people wish employment
and tend to those centers where employ
meat is most likely to be found. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
wave of emigration will turn westward
again as soon as we develop on the Pacific
Coast a diversified industry. The reflex
movement toward the East can hardly be
more than a recoil of the wave. It is as
true to-day as it was yesterday that "the
star of empire westward holds its way."
WALL STREET OPINIONS.
The financial editor of the New York
Timrs recently summed up the conditions
of the stock market in that city by say
ing: "Wall street tries to be hopeful,
wants to be confident, but is nervous.
Hesitancy is the chief of current security
mark?t characteristics. Bad features dis
closed get more attention than develop
ments which are encouragine."
The uncertainty of the situation and
the existence of this nervous feeling led
the writer to a study ot the subject in
order to determine how far the feeling is
well founded. In making- this study he
did not confine himself to his own obser
vations, or draw his conclusions solely by
his own reasoning, but sought interviews
with men prominent in financial circles
and obtained from them opinions which
confirmed his own idea that the depression
in Wail street is due more to a pessimistic
condition of mind than to anything in the
actual situation oi affairs.
Ex-Governor Roswe 11 P. Flower is quoted
as taking a hopeful view of the situation
and anticipates an upward movement of
the stock market in the near future. He
is quoted as sayine: "In the whole situa
tion there is nothing of any very grave
nature — nothing which even appears to be
a lasting Darrier to business improvement.
It is true there are at present a number of
adverse factors, but none of them are of
any lasting importance or are of sufficient
maenitude to be placed among the real
underlying conditions."
James H. Benedict, one of the veteran
and cool-headed observers of Wall street,
whose experience has extended through
many years and whose interests have
been continually large, is not only hope
ful but confident. "Wall street," he said,
"has for some time past been drifting into
a state of professional pessimism. It has
been fashionable to be scared. In worry
ing over discouraging features we hnve
formed a habit of ignoring what is good —
tremendously and dominantly good— in
the balance-sheet."
The conclusion of Mr. Benedict, as stated
by himself, is: "Not one fair-minded
man who lakes up the subject reasonably
and is moderate and intelligent in his
calculations can fail to ge: any other re
sult from investigating National condi
tions than a result which will induce con
fidence, and even enthusiasm."
There can bs no question that the finan
cial, industrial and commercial classes in
the United States are affected more or
less by the uncertainty which prevails as
to the result of the tariff legislation now
under way at Washington. Until the
tariff bill has been enacted, and it is
definitely known what duties are to be
imposed upon Imported articles, capital
will hesitate about entering upon any new
ventures. This seems to be the main ob
stacle In the way of an immediate revival
of business. Fortunately that obstacle
will soon be removed. Leaden of Con
gress are sanguine that the bill will be
adopted not later than the middle of June,
and then the natural forces of the country
which are already tending toward im
proved conditions will have full scope to
work out their results and re-establisD a
general prosperity throughout the coun
try.
OH, WHAT A D-FFEKENCE
His business never leaves a chance
To lake a holiday
When his wife reads toe announcement
Of acotnlne matinee.
Life Is much too abort far trifles -
And his line she must not claim, !
But when a friend invars him oat -
To see a bast-bull game—
. That* d. Keren -
He vows a man shou'd ne'er complain
About the tax h- pays.
But gladlr help the Government
• Its revenue io raise. .» - » •'■
V ach one should swell the public purse
That threatens to -./row slim:
Ypt when the bland 113 lessor comes
Interrogating him — "
• Thai's different. ■'* - ', _■
He ever counsels gentleness,
And says no person ought
To let himself forget the calm i
■ Of philoiophic thought; "-:•.. -
Nothing In lite Is great enough
To justify our Ire. - ; '
But wnen, eleven miles from home,
A tacit sticks In his tire— ■ . -«-
That's different. •".«'.
' . ' "■ -.■.-; —Washington Star.
AMERICAN VEET fcUGAR.
Bnte to Supplant the Foreign Product
and Mm*m Million*.
St. I.ouls Globe-Demo- rat.
A payment of about $100,000,000 annually
to foreign countries for a product adapted to
our own soil and climate is plainly, an indus
trial error. Within »he last ten years atten
tion has been directed to this wasteful method
of conducting business, and signs are multi
plying that the proper remedies will be ap
plied. Last year. every "pound of wheat and
flour exported was required to, pay for the
sugar imported. Our exports 01 cotton were
only double the value of the sugar imported.
The value of till exports of live and dressed
beef, beef . products ana lard just • about i bal
anced that of the sucar bought abroad. It Is
now Known beyond question that the sugar
beet can be grown, in many of our States and
of a quality unsurpassed - where. Sugar
cane also is -adapted" to a larger area in this
country than is • generally supposed » but
taking the world at large, yield of b,oi j
rvrocT isincreasin B twice as fast as cane-sugar
B f t et Bu S ar nas become of such importance
t J? c farmers, manufacturers and merchants
oi dermany and France that thu two Govern
ments are engaged iua sort of protective duel
h. 1 " hi? rst P !ace in its exportation, for
wn.cn both countries jay a bounty. Some
time iigo Germany proposed to gradually ex
wnguisn the sugar bounty, but the popular
pressure against this step has been too strong
to be resisted. The German export bounty on
sugar is i early half a cent a pound, and France
nas advanced its export bounty in order to
Keep even. Supplying sugar to tiie world must
oe a profitable business. Our own averaee
rasa payment for foreign >ugar of about $274,
-000 every day in the year is proof enough tnat
mere is n great deal of money iv it from one
customer alone. This stream of treasure
should be diverted to our own farmers and
factory workers, and ia the course of time
tnis country should reach a secure place as a
Heavy exporter of sugar
.„ v\ r d£i >( ? uctlon o{ beet s »**r between 1880
ana i»y« increased from 500 tons to 40,000
Jons. Tiiis is not much, but it is a beginning,
one important point to be kept In mind is
tnat *n American consumes two or three times
as much sugar as a German or Frenchman.
Sugar Here is considered a necessity, not a
luxury, and our abundant and varied*crops of
fruit require its free us:-. The culture of the
sugar beet will be quickly mastered by our
larmer*. It is an intensive form of horticul
ture. Slipshod methods on large areas will
not answer in this case, but for that matter
they are not successful with any crop. Some
thing of the high farming of the market gar
dener is demanded by the sugar beet. It is
profitable and our farmers are looking for har
vests of this kind. The genius of Americans
in the use of machinery "is an assurance that
the sugar-beet factories will return good divi
dends. What measure ot protection should be
granted by the Government is a subject to be
considered with care. Meantime States and
localities are disposed to encourage the new
iudustry with so many millions in it.
PERSONAL.
B. W. Ellis of London is in town.
Dr. C. L. Bard of Ventura is in town.
W. F. Purwell of Stockton is at the Grand.
R. If. Shackelford of Paso Robles is in the
City.
11. S. Hungerford of New York is at the
Palace.
President David Starr Jordan wm in the City
yesterday.
rresiaeni .uavia Starr Jordan wm in the City
yesterday.
Frank Bartlett, a surveyor of Livermore, is
at the Grand.
The Rev. Dr. Alexander of San Anselmo Is at
the Occidental.
D. W. Minor, a wealthy grocerof Los Angeles,
is at the Palace.
J. B. Richardson, a fruit-grower of Suisun, is
a late arrival here.
Ex-Superior Judg« Charle* F. Scott of 0.-o
--ville Is at. the Lick.
C. E. Corby, a wholesale merchant of St.
Louis, is at the Palace.
J. M. Wilmans, owner of a large mine at
Newman, is in the Ciiy.
George T. Baldwin of Klamath Falls, Or.
is here on a business trip.
Dr. F. \V. E*stlake of the Japanese Univer
sity. Tokio, is at the Palace.
J. T. Pratt, a wholesale merchant of Brook
lyn, N. V., is on a visit here.
F. R. Coffin and Miss Coffin of Boise, Idaho,
are among the arrivals here.
F. M. Adarand P. Schlister, coffee-raisers of
Guatemala, are at the Palace.
11. 11. Hogan, an attorney of Reno, Nev., Is
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
T. H. Hammer, editor and owner of the Lob
Angeles Hotel Gazette, is In tlie City.
T. A. Wadieizh of the Rio Grande Western
Railway at Salt Lake is at the Palsce.
United S:ates Vice-Consul \V. Abercromble
of Nagasaki, Japan, is here on his way East.
Captain O. F. Long of the army and Mrs.
Long, formerly Miss Reqna, are at the Palace.
George Muirhead and Mrs. G. Muirhead of
Haddo House, Aberdeen, Scotland, arrived
yere yesterday.
George Tricht, a wealthy mining man of
Denver, is at the Palace, accompanied by his
wife and daughter.
J. V. Kobayashl, a merchant of Tokio, Japan,
arrived on the City of Peking yesterday and is
at the Cosmopolitan.
Ex-Superior Judge Hewel of Modesto Is at
the Licit. He ii one ol the wealthiest men in
that part of the State.
W. E. Willett, for a long while first officer of
the City of Puebla, has been made captain of
the Alexander Duncan.
W. 8. Greene of Washington. D. C, special
agent of the treasury, who has been here for a
few weeks past, left last night for the East.
Mark Walser, the well-known attorney of
Fresno, who is interested in mines near Coui
terville, is among the arrivals here, and is at
the Grand.
Allen Towle, owner of an extensive mill and
a large area of timber land at Towles, on the
Central Pacific In the Sierras, and also owner
of other interests, is among the arrivals at the
Lid. He is accompanied by Mrs. Towle.
Wu Ting Fang, Minister from China to the
United States, left last night, accompanied by
his suite, for Washington, D. C. It was a very
busy scene around the Occidental during the
afternoon because of the reshipment of the
baggage and other arrangements for going.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.— At the Plma,
C. Griezenbeck; Savoy, Miss Coleman, Mr. and
Mrs. M. A. Gunst, E. Gunst, M. Gtuist; Man
hattan, J. Curtis: Windsor, O. A. .Erhern;
Metropi)e, T. Kirchhoff; Netherland, Mrs. C.
W. Howard; Imperial, C. A, McLine; Park
Avenue, E. B. Rambo; Belvidcre, Miss
Doherty; Marlborough, 8. H. Friediander;
Murray Hill. W. A. Green; Holland, E. E.
Phelps; Broadway Central, I. Lowenberg, O.
B. Tropling; Sturtevant, E. S. Eger. A. Green
Is here buying.
WItH YOUR COFFEE
"No, I don't send any stories to the Monthly
Bugle. I sent them some once, and they re
turned them without reading."
"How do you know the stories were not
read?"
"Because they were returned."—lndianapo
lis Journal.
Mistress— Oh, Bridget 1 Rrideetl what an
awful numskull you are. You've put the po
tatoes on tne (ab e with the skins on — right la
front of our visitors, too! You— you — what
shall I call you?
Bridget {affably)— Call me "Agues" if ye
lolke, mum ; 'tis me other name.— New York
World.
The Teacher— When a woman's husband
diet, Patsie, what is she called?
Patsie— A widder.
The Teacher— And when a man's wife dies
what do we call tlm?
Patsie (nfUr some thought)— A wid-out-her,
mum !— Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
Claude (earnestly)— Am I the first man you
ever loved?
Maude -Why. certainly! How strange men
are; they all ask me that question.— London
Tid-Bhs.
MEN AND WOMEN.
The Emperor Francis Joseph hag made the
poet Maurus Jokai a life member of the Hun
garian House of Magnates.
Common Pleas Court No. 1 in Philadelphia
is known as the "court of busy bees" because
of Its hard-working Judges — Biddle, Bregy
and Beltler.
Friends of Francis Murphy claim that he
cloned his recent two months' temperance,
campaign in Boston with a record of 13,000
total abstinence pledges.
The manuscript of Keats' "En
dymlon" has Jus; been so.d for $3475, which
is nilhout doubt more than Keats ever re
ceived for his entire poetical works.
Jose Echeo.aray, Spain's greatest playwright,
is 64 years old. He is an engineer and a
mathematician. lie was once a Minister of
State. He has written fifiy-two pliys.
Princess Marie yon Hohenlobe, wife of the
Imperial Chancellor, has performed the not
able feat of killing a bear while hunting on
her estates in Russia. The Princess is 6S
Tears old.
"Confound you, what are you grinning at?"
asked the man who was setting held up. HE
"Oh, well," chnckled the footpad, «'I never
was a man. to lake things seriously."—
nati Enquirer,
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest.
Old English Money Law.
Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: It is a fond delusion perhaps to suppose that
readers of The Call make allowance for extreme condensation of statement, which restricted
space necessitates, but where two columns would be requisite for a full consideration when I
discuss certain financial problems. In the present instance, for example, it would require a
full column ot' the unall type In which my contributions to The Call appear to report the
celebrated case of "Mixed Moneys," decided during the reign of Queen Elizabeth, in 1601. as
reported by Sir John Davies, and yet I shall attampt to state the chief ieatures of the case and
the poin'.s raised and decided by the highest judicial authority of England, for that decision
stands to-day as the law of tne British empire alter the lapse 0f'296 years.
In the quaint style of ihat day, Sir John Davies thus status the case: "Queen Elizabeth, in
orac r to pay the royal army, which was maintained in this kingdom (Ireland) several years to
suppress the rebellion oi Tyrone, caused a great quantity of mixed money, wiih the usual
stamp of the arms of the crown and inscription of her royal title, to be coin'a in the Tower of
London, and transmitted this money into mis kingdom, with a proclamation bearing date 24
May, in the 43 1 year of her reign, by "Mcli Her Majesty declared and established this mixed
1 money, immediately r.fier the said proclamation, to be the lawful and current money of the
kineuom of Ireland, and expressly commanded that this money should De used, accepted and
reputed by all her subjects, and others, using any trafflck or commerce within this kingdom, as
lawful money: and that if any person or persons should refuse to receive this mixed money,
according to tne denomination or valuation thereof, viz., shillings for shillings, sixpenny pieces
for sixpenny pieces, etc., being tendered for payment of any wages, fees, stipends, debts, etc.,
they should be punished as contemners of her royal prerogative and commandment."
Here I must break into the report of Sir John to ask special consideration by gold standard
men to the succeeding sentence, immediately following, without a break, the last words of the
foregoing paragraph: "And to the intent that this mixed money [something worse tnan
silver in our day] should I aye the better course pnd circulation, it was lurther declared by
the same proclamation that after the 10th day cf June [or seventeen days after the date of
proclamation] immediately following, ail other money which had been current within this
kingdom beiore the said proclamation shojila be cr ed down and annulled and esteemed as
bullion, and not as lawful and current money of this kingdom ." Silver advocates did not ask
in the lute campaign to have gold "cried nown" and "esteemed as bullion."
Now conies the case Gilbert against Brett under this law, which is thu9 reported by Sir
John: "la April, before the proclamation was published, when the pure coin of England was
current within this kingdom, [Ireland] one Brett ot Drogheda, merchant, having bought cer
tain wares of one Gilbert in London, became bound to the said Gilbert in an ol ligntion of £200
on condition that he should pay 'o the said Gi.bert. his executors or assigns £100 stenin»
current and lawful money of England, [a sort t f United States gold coin contract] at the tomb
of i.n:\ Strongbow in Christ Churcn, Dublin, at a certain dny to come; at which day and place
Brett made a tender of £100 in the mixed money of the new standard, in performance of the
obligation," which was reiused, and then followed the suit to test the validity of the new law
The issue, as stated by Sir John, was "whether this tender wiis sufficient to save the for
feiture of the obligation, or whether the said Brett should now, noon the change or alteration
of money within this kingdom, be compelled to pay the said £100 iv other or better coin than
the mixed money according to the rate or valuation of it at tne time of the tender which was
the question at the Council table, wnere the said Gilbert, who was a merchant of London, ex
hibited his petition against the said Brett for the speedy recovery of his debt aforesaid And
inasmuch as this case related to the kingdom in general and was also of great importance in
consideration and reason of state Sir George Carew, then Lord Deputy and also Treasurer re
quirad the chief Judges (being of the Privy Council) to confer ou and consider this caso and
return to him" their decision.
The decision of "the Chief Judges" has come down to us, as repor ed by Plr John Davies. in
these words: "Upon conference and consideration on all the points of the said proclamation
the Judges resolved that the tender of the one hundred pound in the mixed money at the day
and place aforesaid, was good and sufficient in law to save the forfeiture of ihe said obligation,
and that the said Brett should not be obliged at any time after to pay other money in dis> har?e
of the debt than this m xed money, according to the rate and valuation that it had at the time
of the tender; ana this resolution [decision] was certified by them to the Lord Deputy end the
certificate entered in the council Look "
Jn the Ueht of this oecislon, upholding the proclamation of Queen Elizabeth and the ex
ercise of her royal prerogative in demonetizing the "pure coins" of the realm and ratatitattng
the debased or "mixed money" in »heir place and making them full legai tender for all dues
and debts, brushing aside specific contracts as legal cobwebs, when the welfare of t lie country
was at stake and seining these issues for the last 298 years in England, what shall we say of
tne tremendous unroar made by the goldbugs of our times over the proposal to restore silver
to its old place under the constitution and require the issuance of ail paper raonev by trie
Government alone, as the fantastic demands ot crazy repudiationists? While these cod
men so lavishly prais-e the financial system of England they must accept this "mixed money"
decision with it.
Sir John follows his report nbove cited with these words: "And in this case divers points
were considered and resolved" or decided, which he reports to the number of six including
«e verm subdivisions. These six "points" of law, still in force in England, must be re-erved
for another time, for they are vastly important to us to-day in the study of the viral issue now
demanding national decision. JOSEPH ASBURY JOHNSON
800 Market street, April 19. 18!>7.
GREATEST DANDY IN IHE tfi ORLD.
London Tit Bi:s.
The greatest dandy in the world is Prince
Albert of Thurn, Germany. This fastidious
young man attires himself in a new suit of
clothes every day, enough to Keep twenty ex
perienced workmen going, and to run up a bill
of £3000. Each Hilt of wearing apparel is
higrily perfumed with attar of roses, ai £3 an
ounce. He wears no fewer thr.n 1000 neckties
during the year, btinr an average <^f three
every day. His cast-off boots number 200 pair
a year. The cigar bill of th:s highly scented
young gentleman reaches the total of £300 per
annum, and the different sports he Indulges
in, including hunting, shooting, fishlns, golf
ing and bicycling, cost him more than £15,000.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Del Monte— D. S., City. "Del Monte" Is
Spanish and means "Of the mountain."
Somersaults— F. W. s., City. Ye«j three
somersaults have been made from ofi' a hori
zontal bar at the Orpheum.
License— F. 8., City. A person wishing to
go through the State of California to sell a
medicine will require alicense in every county.
Running Record— a Reader, Grafton, Yolo
County, Cal. The record for running 100
yards by man is 9 3-5 seconds, by Weffer, ama
teur.
Conductor's Runs— G. G., Oakland, Cal. The
run of conductors on Dassenger trains is from
140 to 210 miles; on freight trains, from 95 to
125 miies.
The Relay Race— F. c, City. The last
courier oi the relay in a rase against time (bi
cycle) reached New York with a packot from
Ban Francisco in 13 days 29 minutes &% sec-
Weights of Pugilists— A Reader, Grafton,
Yolo County, C«l. At the time that Fitzsini
mons and Dempmy fought at New Orleans-
January 14, 1891— FitzsimmoriR weighed 150'j
pounds and Dempst-y 147'j pounds.
Fighting Weights— a Reader, Grafton, Yolo
County, Cal. Fißhtine weights are: Bantam,
105; feather, 105 to 118; light, 118 to 133;
welter, 135 to 154; mi idle, 140 to 100 (usually
150); heavy, ov»-r 154; cntchwi-ight, any
weight at which the men may enter the ring.
Nansen's Nativity— il. E M., City. Fridtjof
Nansen. Ph.D., the explorer, was born in
Christ iania, Norwfty, in 18H1. Your second
question, '"Who is Air. Rhoiies7" is a very in
uefinite one. If you will designate which
"Mr. Rhodes" you refer to this department
will endeavor to give you an answer.
History of Pan Francisco— A. O. R.,Mon
terey, Cat. It is probable that what you want
to know about is a history of San Francisco.
The handwriting is good in the communica
tion except the one word that precedes the
words "ot San Francisco." Correspondents
should write plainly when they ask about
anything, us it is not always safeto guess at
what is written. If your question reiers to a
history the answer is tnat ihe first history of
£a:i Francisco was published in 1854 under
the title of "The Annals of fcan Francisco."
Copes of the Look are to be found -in the
libraries.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. *
..; . . * . -
Fpkcial information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Prow
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
* — • — • _
Men laugh at women because women all fol
low the fashion; but would men follow the
women if they didn't Somervllle Journal.
■ '■'.' — : — » ♦ * --•
Christian Kiideavorers Coming. -
Artistic paper-hanging, painting and Interior
decorations. Good paper in stock 4 cents, in
grains 9c rolL Merigan, 1302 Webster st. •
■ ■ :' ' J —^ — '""•'♦ "»' — ' -' -
Blobbs— Why did O'Hooligan leave Instruc
tions to have his tombstone made of cement?
Slobbs— He ■ probably wanted a shamrock
over his grave."— Philadelphia Record. '
"We're going to celebrate 'grandpa's golden
wedding anniversary next week." jj
"But youa grandfather is dead, isn't he?" '
i "Yes; ; but some of. the invited guests don't
know it." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Route.
Three and One-half Days to
Chicago or St. Louis -Four
and One-half Days to
New York
J>av!ng Fan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays.
at 5 r. m.. connection is made at Barstow with the
famous Santa J-> limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibnled Puilaum, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The haodiomesc train on earth
equipment and appointments faultifss. Daily
through sleep! im cars, bo h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden. Portland, Mojave, Los Angeles, Deming or
El Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket effice 644 MarKet
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 163 L
— » — ♦ — • •- ■ ■;
Railroad liclceU to the East. Tla Rio
; Grande Western and . Denver and •
Rio <irando Kail wars. '
•At -lowest possible rates, with through Pallmai
bnffet and tourist sleeping car service every day. I
. Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday. I
Wednesday aud Thursday. Only j line • permlttln j
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tickets
Detailed information and tickets furnished at 11 -
Montgomery street.' or 314 California stream ' '
Fob HoAHSEXFsa. Coughs, asthma and Bkon
chiai.Troi-bi.ks use"Jlrou*n'* Bronchial Troches."
to d only In boxes. Avoid Imitations.'
— a . — « — „
•Ah everybody is liable to derangements -of the
stomach' and* bowels, the need of Ayer's Flll&'la
usivenal. They are the best cathartic.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The Foresters of America and the
Companions— Cities That tVnnt the
Grand Court iv 1808.
During the week official visits will be made
to Court Buena Vista in Mission San Jose,
Court Niles in Niles and Court Sotoyome ia
Healdsburg.
HaywardF, San Luis Obispo and Healdsbure
will, at the coming session of the Grand
Court, attempt to secure the succeeding ses
sion of the Grand Court lor their respective
towns.
Among the visitors to the grand secretary's
office daring the past week were H. E.
Schmidt, chairman of the general entertain
ment committee in Marysville of the coming
Grand Court; J.Newman, P. C.R., of Court
lone; J. J. Livernash. P. 0. R., of Court
Sotoyome of Healdsburg; J. Hen<ir:ekson of
Court San Leamiro: Louis Levy of Santa Ana
and Ralph Harrison, P. C. R.,of Court Mount
Diablo in Danville.
Additional delegates to the coming session
of the Grand Court have been reiiorted tothe
grand secretary as follows: \\\ J. Donlon from
Court Presidio No. 40, in this city; J. H. Arm
strong and J. W. coburn from Court Bonita
No. 43, in this city ; E. J. Bsker anfl Max Grimm
from Court Stoccton No. 56: George J. Wolfer
from Court Sunnet No. 68, of Los Angeles; T.
W. Lockhart irom Court Rio Brava No. 69, in
Kern City; S. Longfellow irom Court Sequoia
No. 128, in Angels Camp; William Slattery
from Court Valley Ford No. 140.
A new court, No. 155, was instituted In
Merced last Friday evening by R. B. Veilage,
grand chief ranger.
The Native Daughter*.
Las Lomas Parior will gve an "at homo"
next Monday evening in Mission Parlor Hall
and the committee that has charge of the mat
ter has arranged to have a most pleasant even
ing's entertainment lor nil who will attend.
One of the features will be games, and prizes
will be awarded to the winners. Refreshments
will be served during the etemng and a gen
era! good time is promised.
Lassen View Parlor bus been instituted, an
other will shortly be institute dat Columbia,
and one is being organized at Redding.
Joaquin Parlor No. 5 of Stockton, cele
brated its tenth anniversary last week. There
were fifty-eight members present beside visit
ing sisters from Ivy and El Pescadero parlors.
After tho adjournment of the parlor the in
vited guests, the Native Sons, stepped into the
iiall, where a short literary prosrnmme was
given. The company then proceeded to pa«s a
pleasant half hour In conversation, after
which all were invited to the banquet hall,
where a delightful repast was served. The
hall and tables were beautifully decorated
with the golden poppy. At the close of the
banquet many pleositig toasts were given.
Golden Bar Parlor initiated five condidates
at its last held meeting in the presence of a
largo membership and Deputy Miss Ida Aiken
and members from Naomi Parlor of Downie
viile. After the business meeting, the mem
bers of the parlor ot Native Sons were invited
into the hall, wnich is now in the Ortd Fellows'
buildiner, aid a pleasant time was had. Tiiis
parlor lies b.en very successful and much oi
Us success is due to untiring effort* of District
Deputy Miss Ida Aiken, and at a recent meet
ing the hope was expressed that the next
grand president will reapjpijt her.
Mareuerite Parlor of Piacerville is reported
in a sp'endid condition.
Mrc Lucie Mayer, the energetic secretary of
Naomi Parlor of Downieville has returned to
her home after a protracted stay m this City.
Laurel Parlor of Nevada City celebrated its
tenth anniversary last week by a grand ban
quet in the National Hotel. The room in
which it was held was most artistically dec
orated with flowers and the colors of the
order. Miss Minnie Brand, president of the
parlor, acted as toastmaster, and during tho
evening many toasts were responded to. The
grand president was one ol the many guests.
" Companions of the Forest (F. of A.)
Official visits during the week will bo made
by Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand chief companion,
to Golden Gate Circle No. 23 on Monday even
ing, to Robin j Hood Circle No. 58 on Wednes
day evening, to Pride of Columbia Circle No
259 on Thursday evening and to Village Belle
Circle No. 264 on Friday evening.
Mrs. Pauline Schwab and Herman E.Schmidt
past ehiet companions of Yuba Circle No 101
of Marysville, were among visitors to the
grand secretary's office during the past week
On last Tuesday evening Mrs. M A. Duke
accompanied by, Mrs. L. Atvood, P. G C C •'
Mrs. G. Harrington, G. S. C. C; Miss B. Hintze'
grand treasurer; Miss A. D. Bremer, grand sec
retary; Mrs . C. uo'dman, grand trustee- Mrs
M. Conned, D. G. C. C. at 1 large; M E. Licht
s#A:^'5 # A :^'^ :> p a £ d d leg . i .° ? frotn Oakland Cir
cle No. 3, Robin Hood Circle No. 58 and United
States of America Circle No. 260 visitod Ham
let Circle No. 64 of Alameda. Thr"ircU-7o^
had been m a ? ed into a perfect fairy bower
by the members of said circle, and the recep
tion tendered i i! 0 the visitors was one of the
heartiest that has greeted the grand officers
during the past • year.- The ritualistic and
S«£ ZJaS 1 tho order wa » illustrated and
performed in a very creditable manner. After
the c.O3e of the business session those present
adjourned to the banquet-room, where re
uTt^ev^lnr^nTo^eS^ danCiQg W ° UQ<l
;*^v; > r V« liberty Circle, C. O. F. i --A V
The social to be given *by Liberty Circle,
Companions of the Forest, - which ' had been
announced for this evening will be given In
Mission Maccabee.Templeon the evening of the
28th lnst. The committee of arrangements
will make the evening an enjoyable one for
the many friends of the ; dene who will at
tend. ', ;, U-, . ,■■.-,•-..■■•., ■■■■-«^..-.. ■•■-■.. -t"'i ■■ ;A'« v ,■.■,• --
— — • -.•.• ; . i v- ■-."• :; --
Kailroad Men Vaccinated.
The large number of railroad em
ployes—conductors, Pullman car porters
and others— who have been called within
tne past few days to be vaccinated has
excited coaaidcrafrlo continent, Ie de
all employes wfaosedntiea k«Pj{«JJS
opportunity. Those who un . ae "l iitnin-
opera.ion did not "nderstand the wg£ »
cance of the regulation, but were merely
obeying orders.
A Pnr«e-Snatcher.
Miss H. Linehan, a domestic at 1323 Octaria
street, reported to the police yesterday that a
young man attempted to snatch hei ' pu^e
irom her at O'Farrell and Gough streets on
Saturday night. She screamed for helpana
the young man ran away. She was unable to
give an accurate description of mm.
sew to-dat:
vwwwvwwwwvwvvw
Baking
Powders
Analyzed
" Royal," a cream of
tartar powder of
superior purity
and strength.
The following extracts from
Certificates of analyses of the
Royal Baking Powder, made
from time to time, are very help-
ful to those who wish to be cer-
tain as to what baking powder
to select in order to get a pure
article, free from alum or any
form of adulteration.
Your committee have made a
very careful examination of the
Royal Baking Powder, and are
satisfied that it fulfils all the re-
quirements which the public can
make of a baking powder. For
purity and care in preparation it
equals any in the market, and
our test shows that it has greater
leavening power than any other
of which we have any knowledge.
W. B. RISING,
Prof. Chemistry, University of California,
State Analyst.
By analyses which I person-
ally have had made, it is clearly r
demonstrated and proven that
the Royal Baking Powder is
pure and wholesome, and that
it stands, as far as strength and
purity are concerned, at the head
of the baking powders of the
United States. The Royal is
composed of absolutely pure,
harmless and wholesome ingre-
dients of the highest grade and
character. v'^TL. vsy- 1 !
/GRANVILLE McGOWAN, M. D.
Health Officer, Los Angeles.
The best baking powder made
is, as shown by analysis, the
Royal. Its leavening strength
has been found superior to other
baking powders, and, as far as I
know, it is the only powder which
will raise large bread perfectly.
CYRUS EDSON, M.D.,
Com'r of Health, N. Y. City.
Chicago, March 1, 1887.
As the result of my tests, I
find the Royal Baking Powder
superior to all the others in every
respect It is entirely free from
all adulteration and unwhole-
some impurity, and in baking it
gives off a greater volume of
leavening gas than any other
powder. It is therefore not only
the purest, but also the strongest
powder with which I am ac-
quainted.
WALTER S. HAINES, M. D.,
Prof, ef Chemistry, Rush Medical CclUgt,
Consulting Chemist,
Chicago Board of Health.
I have analyzed all the prin-
cipal brands of baking powder
sold in this State. Royal has
the highest leavening power,
and is composed of pure ■ and
wholesome ; ingredients. No
other gave results so satisfactory.
FLOYD DAVIS, ;
lowa State Chemist.
I have made a large number
of analyses of Royal Baking
Powder, and have found it to
be an absolutely pure cream of '
tartar powder, entirely free from
ammonia and all adulterations
and impurities. , In leavening
power it is of the very highest vj
CHARLES W. DREW,
Late Chemist Minn. Food
and Dairy Commission.
,1 have carefully analyzed bak-
ing powders on sale in this city.
The Royal excels all others. It
is the highest in strength, in fab-
rique a faultless arrangement of
agents, ;" pure and wholesome,
free from adulteration with lime,
ammonia or alum.
. JAMES E. SULLIVAN, M.D.,
St. Louis City Chemist:
The Royal Baking Powder is
I superior ;to any other ' powder
: which I have examined ; a bak-
ing powder unequaled j for [ pu-
: rity, strength and . wholesome-
ness. ,'- : . . '■.■ ■■■'.■•■" .•;■
WILLIS G. TUCKER,
%.. ; \ M. D., Ph. D.,
New York State Analyst.
: ; «OY*L BAKINO POWOCR CO., M:w-TO««.TUESDAY AP&ILSO, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater —Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Columbia Theater — • Mary Pennlngton,
Spinster.'
Columbia Theater.- Concert Thursday after-
noon.
Moro«co'sOpkra-H<hsk -"The Brand of Cain."
Alcazar Theateh.— " ! he Overland Route.*
Tivoli Opera Hotrei — -Lily of Killarney."
Orphecm- High-Class Vaudeville.
California Thkatkr -.'-The J- airy Bride,"
Friday evening.
!~utro BATHs.-BnthinfT.and Performances.
Thi Chutks ash Ska'tino Rink— Dally at
sight street, ono block east of the Park.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Spanish Carnlyal Mas-
querade, Saturday evening. April 24.
I'aciiic Coast Jockkv Cur.- Race 3 to-day,
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
El CAMro— Music, Dancing, „ Boating, Fishing,
eyery Sunday.
AUCTION tALhS.
BY Chas. 1 kvv A Co— This day. April 20,
Furniture, at 1135 Market street, at 10 o clock.
J > IBANK W. I ii d-kkihi.J)— This d»V. April
20, Furniture, at 737 Hayes St., at 11 o'clock.
By I- H. Bt-bd.— Tbli day, April 20, Miscella-
neous Goods, nt 211 l.arkin street, at 11 o'clock.
BY A. L. Crksswkll— ThLi day, April 20,
Horses, etc.. at 721 Howard stieet, at 11 o'clock.
Jv hi: i ip 4 Co.— This day, April 20, Horses,
Bt Palo Alto Farm.
By J. C Muthkr— This day, April 20, Saloon,
cor. Howard and Third sts.. at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Taea Siebe has sued lor a divorce from C. H.
Eiebe lor desertion.
Fair Tuesday, with brick winds, is what the
Weather Office promises.
Miss Hester was on Sunday married to Will
Epeed of Nashville, Ten 11.
The military tournament at the Presidio was
Witnessed by about 7000 people.
The Union League Club met last night and
donated $100 to the boulevard fund.
After May 1 no union marble-cutter will be j
permitted 10 work with a non-union man.
Professor Jordan spoke to tbe Congrega- :
tional Monday Club yesterday on the seal j
question.
Sequoia Daughters of the Revolution break
fasted yesterday in commemoration of tne
battle of Lexington.
The Cuban League Is making extensive
preparations for the success of its picnic at
Sausalito on May 30.
The Code Commissioners met yesterday and
decided to first take up the Political Code ior
amendment and revision.
J. F. Turner, released yesterday on $8000
ball, wos rearrested last "evening because his
bond was found to be faulty.
The San Francisco Produce Exchange in a
few minutes yesterday forenoon contributed
$645 to the Balboa-avenue fund.
The Stonecutters' Union will endeavor to
have the State's eight-hour law enforced in
the construction of the ferry building.
The Odd Fellows have decided to build a
Columbarium for the ashes of their dead.
Cahill & Condon have made the plans.
Mrs. Sadie Robinson, having been rescned
from one attempt at suicide, declares she will
Ultimately accomplish the desired end.
The Sons of the American Revolution cele
brated the anniversary of the battle of Lexing
ton with appropriate exorcise* last nisei.
Judge Seawell has sustained the demurrer
which CassiusM. Jennings interposed to Byron
Waters' charge of unprofessional conduct.
Erperts of tne Grand Jury have very nearly
finished the work of Inspecting the books and
accounts of the Golden Gate Park Commission.
The Corinthian Yacht Club will open its
reason with a jinks Saturday evening at
Tiburon. On Sunday there will be a squadron
cruise.
Stella Rossman. 16 years of age, was arrested
yesterday for stealing several article* from
Mrs. Duboce, 048 Eddy street, where she was
employed.
Miss Minnie Bradbury, the Los Angeles
heiress, and Isaac Milliard Pope were married
yesterday at noon, Rev. Father McSweeney
officiating.
Charles Ilellman. for whose arrest on charges
of perjury two warrants were issued on Febru
ary 16. came trom St. Louis yesterday to vindi
cate himself.
Certificates of membership In the Lincoln
Monument League will be sent to the public
schools to-day. The certificates are printed in
books of fifty.
Louis Hartter. convicted of selling bogus
currant jelly, must pay his fine of $60 or go to
jail, according to Judge Sea well's decision, de
livered yesterday.
Alexander McAdie of the United . States
Weather Bureau delivered an illustrated lec
ture last night before the Academy of Sciences,
on "Electricity in the Air."
Ingleside truck reopened yesterday for its
final mestinir. The winning horses were:
Manchester, Tim Murphy. Michael, The Bach
elor, Caliente and Bernardilio.
The thirty-seventh annual meeting of the
Grand Commandery of Royal and Select Mas
ters took place yesterday, new officers being
elected, appointed and installed.
The Grand Jury will be asked to Investieate
the dismissal by Justice Carroll of the charge
of mayhem against ex-Senator Grady. He was
accused of biting off a waiter's ear.
Work on the Valley road's bridge over Kings
River was begun yesterday. When the struc
ture is completed there will be but eight miles
Of track to be laid to reach llanford.
The improvement clubs, which inaugurated |
street Illumination as a progressive feature
are now anxious to have the lighting con
tinued at the expense of the general public
At a meeting of the Woman's Occidental
Board heM yesterday it was announced that
the New York Board had decided to retrench
$5000 on Pacific Coa3t Home Mission work.
i Supervisor Clinton has asked the board to
direct the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
to erect gates for the protection of pedestrians •
at eleven crossings in this City where trains !
pass.
President Huntlngton left yesterday for an
inspection of the Coast Division line lor the
purpose of determining when work on the
c'osinßOf the gap between Surf and Elwood ]
shall be ordered.
Cardinal Gibbons writes to W. W. Stone
president of the Lincoln Monument l^eaKuo'
that the children of the schools should be
taupht to do honor to the large-minded patriot
Abraham Lincoln.
Mayor Phelan has vetoed a resolution grant
ing a merchant permission to extend his show
window a toot over the sidewalk and has an
nounced himself as against the granting of
privileges of the character.
8. M. Shortridge, attorney for Editor Mar
riott of the News Letter, yesterday indicated
the lice of defense that will be offered to the
misdemeanor charge of libel now on trial in
Judge Dalngerfield's court.
Captain Edward Reddy, superintendent of
the Alm«house, has given the City and County
Hospital committee $3000 out of his yearly
appropriation to help maKe up the hospital
deficiency of that institution.
Colonel W. R. Parnell will probably bo ap
pointed 6ecretßr» of the Society lor the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Chilaren, vice Charles
Welch, resigned. Mrs. L. A. Prescott of the
Oakland branch will be his assistant.
C. Guinee, an old resident of Colraa, was
walking along Montgomery streec last evening,
when he stepped on a banana peel ana fell,
breaking his right leg in two places. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the eambu
lance.
The alarm from box 320 at 8 o'clock last
evening was for afire in the rear of George
Radditts restaurant, 3724 Sut'.er street. The
cause of the blaze, whicli damaged the build
ing and furnishings to the extent of $300, Is
unknown.
Two notable engagements were made public
yesterday. Joseph D. Grant •announced his
engagement to Miss MacK-ay of Portland, Or.,
and Miss Adeline Mills announced her en
gagement to Chester Ilolcomb, a Washington
diplomat.
Tbe worK of impaneiing a jury to hear the
celebrated Fair case began yesterday before
Judge Slack. Many were rejected for bias,
whiie others temporarily e-c-aped challenge.
No final selections were made, however, and
the task will be resumed this morning.
The motion to Mriko out the pleadings of
the Blythe Company against Florence H.ythe-
Hlnckley was argu>d yesterday morning be
fore United States DiMriet Judge Morrow, ami
was submitted on briefs. ». EL H. Han ai>
peared for Mrs. Hinckley and George \V.
Towle for Die Blythe Companr. The argu
ment was strictly on technical grounds.
A commitiee of fifteen apro:nted by the Pre
clta Valley Improvement Club ai the lequest
of Thomas A. Burn*, chairman of the building
and grounds committee, to te eui k sic for a
echoolhmiHL- in the district, visited various
■ :t«s and were uninlmnut in tlie selection of
property £i;uated on Potrero avenue and Com*
street, It having a frontage of 150 feet on Fo
trero avenue, 150 feet on Co«H street and 150
on Butiedge.
THE LAST OF A
FAMOUS CLIPPER
She Was Once a Warship
and Then a Merchant
man.
Commodore Vaocbrbilt Built Her
at a Cost of a Mil
lion.
When She Sailed Through the Golden
Gate She Was Known as tte
Three Brothers-
The old-time clipper Three Brothers
has come to her last notch. At one time
a warship, then one of the largest and
fastest clippers in the American mercan
tile marine, she was finally sold to an
English firm and passed under tne English
flag. Months ago she outgrew her nseful-
ness and is now serving as a coal bulk for
the English Government at Malta.
When the civil war was raging and the
Alabama wa* creating havoc among the
Federal merchantmen the big vessel was
built and equipped by Commodore Van
derbilt at an expenditure of $1,000,00.)
and turned over as a present to the Gov
ernment. At that time she was a side
wiieeler and did rood service. When the
i Merrimac was being built in the South
, and the Monitor in the North a proposal
was made to the Secretary of the Navy to
i send three warships South to make a com
bined rush at the Merrimac and attempt
to turn her over. One of the men-of-war
designated was the Vanderbiit, but before
the atteniDt could be made the Monitor
w.-.s built and ready to meet her rival.
After the war the Vauderbiit was sold
to Ueorge Howes & Brothers of this City
for $42,000. They tGok the machinery out
and sold it for more than they paid for
the steamer, and taking off her paddles
made her into a three-ma9ted ship, nam
ing her the Three Brothers, after George.
Henry and Jab?z Howes. Her first trip
out of the Golden Gate was in October,
1573, and Captain Cummincs was in com
mand. Her cargo consisted of over 5000
tons of wheat, aud every vessel in port
! was decorated in honor of her departure.
W. A. Coulter, the marine artist, made a
magnificent picture of the scene, and it
now decorates the walls of the Merchants 1
Exchange. Mr. Coulter followed the
Three Brothers to sea on a tug, and the
accompanying cut is from a sketch he
made just after the vessel got under way.
The Three Brothers was in the Cali
fornia trade for quite a time, and on every
i trip she made the run in less than 100
days. Then she was sold to an English
rirm, and now she is rotting to pieces as a
coal hulk in the service of the English
navy.
Captain George Cummings, who com-
I manded the Three, Brothers all of the time
I that she carried the American flag, now
I lives at East Oakland.
"She was built by Commodore Vander
-1 bilt ior a yacht," said the veteran captain,
"and then Vanderbiit attempted to secure
the carrying of the mail between Nstt
York and Liverpool. In this he was de
feated by the Collins line. He then set up
an opposition line to Havre.
"When the war broke out in 1861 Van
derbiit presented the Three Brothers to
the United States Government. She was
fitted out as a privateer to capture the
Alabama, and how I wish she had caught
, the latter, l was then the captain of the
I Youns America aud the Alabama over-
I hauled us in the Strait of Sunda. After
■ putting our crew to sea in small boats they
burned her. My wi:e and two-year-old
! son were with me on tha| trip.
"After the war the Three Brothers was
docked in New York, calked, overhauled,
metaled and sent around the Horn to San
Francisco. She lay at Mare Islana six
! years, and the only work she had to do in
; that time was to take Queen Emma to the
1 islands.
"In 1870 she was sold to George Howe
& Co., and fitted as a sailing vessel at an
1 enormous expense. I was in Liverpool at
the time he purchased her, and left the
Young America to come to Son Francisco
and superintend the refitting of her.
"In October, 1873, we sailed for Havre
with a cargo of wheat, Mr. Howe accom
panying us. The voyage was m«d« in 10S
j days. Mr. Howe remained in Europe
I when I returned to New York with the
j vessel. On arriving there weinviied Com
-1 modore Vanderbiit to visit his old yacht,
but he was unable iv do so. One of the
boys and he*r builder, with one or two
others, took lunch with us, however.
"The Three Brothers never made any
remarkably quick time nor had any acci
dents whatever. I owned one-sixteenth
of her with Howe, but I am glad it was
no more for we lost on every voyage. We
were offered £4 10s and refuned it in
; Liverpool and afterward accepted £3 Is.
: Lawlor'B Asenry told us that he was
ready to offer £4 15s. but he knew it was
useless. She carried 10,000 yards of sail.
"In 187U she was sold in Liverpool at
auction for a mere trifle, virtually given
* away. She is now a coal hulk at Gibral
tar, the strongest old vessel ever built I
had a four-master model of her made and
raffled it off for $2UOO. A man named Mid- I
dleton, holding twenty-two chances, took
i the prize. He .-old it to Macdonough,
who in turn gave it to the Golden Gate
Park Museum. It will pay any one to
take a look at it."
Captain Cummings has a Inrce ;.ainting
of the Three Brothers l>y Walters of
Liverpool, for which he paid $250, hanging
in his residence. No visitor calls wituoat
admiring the vessel as well as the work of
art.
ARRIVAL OF THE ORIZABA.
Captain yon Helms Says There Are
No Chancres Along the Mex
ican Coast.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Orizaba arrived from Mexican ports
yesterday. Captain yon Helms says there
is no truth in the reports about Mount
Orizaba being in eruption, nor were there
any changes in the harbors or coast line,
except at Altata. At the latter point tue
bar had silted up, but the river Culiacan
had forced a fresh entrance, and the only
difficulty was that a pilot bad to be em
ployed and a detour made in order to
reach the town-hip. On the new bar there
is a depth of four fathoms.
Near'y forty Japanese bound for Mex
ico were taken from tbe steamer Gaelic
and put aboard the City of Para yesterday.
They are bound for tbe new colony and
evidently expect trouble. Each Jap is
armed with a sword and revolver and
thirty Winchesters are to follow them.
I hey are ex-soldieri and are bound to
show tight if interfered with. Another
contingent now on the City of Peking will
follow them.
Another bucket fell from the Dunsmuir
coal bunkers yesterday. On this occasion
no one was hurt ana the only loss was a
ton of coal.
The British ship Howth, Captain Mar
tin, arrived yesterday after r. fair passage.
Off the Horn on January 15 she spoke the
American ship Dirigo md Captain Martin
is ahe.id a liat by beating the only Ameri
can ship afloat into port.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutler st.
Tel. ilttiu i'J. i urui t ure moved i caacma bly. >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
The Famous Old Clipper Three Brothers as She Appeared "When Making Her Departure as
Merchantman on Her First Voyage. She Was Originally the Man-o f -"War Vanderbiit.
CUBAN LEAGUE'S
PICNIC PLANS
Preparations to Make the
Sansalito Event a
Success.
Many Gate Prizes Will Be
Given to Those Who Attend
the Festivities.
Eureka Sends the largest Patition
That Has Y.-t Reached the
League.
The executive committee of the local
Cuban League had a meeting last night
at which steps were taken to make the
picnic at Sausalito on the 30th of May a
grand affair. The money realized will go
to the insurgents. *
It was decided to offer five prizes to the
ladies who sell the largest number of
tickets at 25 cents ench, and £00 gate ■
prizes will be given to the holders of
lucky numbers. The prizes offered to !
ladies are diamond earring;, nectlaces j
and watchfob?, while the gate-prizes will
consist of a wide variety of articles of
household use.
A communication was received from
Nichols & Son of Eureka inclosing a pe
-Itic-. with 879 names sieved to the '
league's petition for Cuba's freedom.
The following table shows the number
of signatures received to date from the '
places named, the total being more than |
7000:
San Francisco 3,227 '
Jiutte i liy "'" ' 23
Wood I a iid ......' 72 i
-Mcilmio " 6."» !
Eureka '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' « & 2 !
Los Angeles " yao
Barramento.. a y(j
Mockion • — I*l
Red Biuff ";** a 7
Chico '....'."" M i
uioville """" 74 I
Sonlsbyvllle. .'.'l.".'.*.'" 20
Mar sville ......" -.. "". " 87
Oafclaud. .:..... ;;,;;; 5-J3
tan Rafael.. _ 42
Santa i.osa ; '.'.'.' " " 76 '
lien Lomond ..".'..! >>$ '
IVlalu 111:1 130 '
< reset: 11 L City. ; #< 71
Colusa ;..... ' 9' I
Fres-no ml
Tulare 45
Merced.: MB
tan Beronrllno... .-..-. 125 !
SantH larmri ' jjjy I
Ban Lu:s Obispo [ e 4 I
(■catiering .....'..'. 200 j
T0ta1............. 7.Z17 I
Those interested in the canse of the
Cubans ought to have the following peti
tioned signed and returned to (Secretary
Mascheriui: /■■,>.*'■'•/.;
FORM OF PETITION ADOPTED BY THE CUBAN LEAGUE.
To the Honorable Mevibers of the Fifty-fifth Congress, Washington, D. C-Gintle
mek: In the name of liberty, justice and humanity, we implore you to use your
influence in urging the honorable tody of which you are a member to recognize the
independence of Cuba, to the end that tbe Government of the United States take
immediate action in endeavoring to bring about a speedy termination of hostilities in
that island ; aleo to take proper steps in behalf of American citizens now in Cuban
dungeons, as well as to redress the wrongs of those who have been unfairly dealt with
by bpanish authorities in Cuba. And we will ever pray, etc.
Name.
No.
Street.
City.
I
Sign this petition and forward to Faost E. Maschorini, Secretary Cuban L°«ena
2006 Mason street, Ban Francisco, Cau To »aye postage, when convenient, secure as
many signatures as possible on one form.
The following communication from the
league to the editor of The Call shows
tbo good work aliesdy accoiuplitued:
City Editor Call— Dkar Sir: Notwithstanding
tbe lact that the j eiitiou iy Cougres» issued
by the Cuban league and circulated' through
your esleerued pnper was printed only in a
few issues of Thk Call, the reoDle have ru
sponded from hII p-irt* ot the State in a man
ner that is i::<i t encourtgiug to the league.
We are convinced that if the press would set
in concert in circulating this petition a linl ■
while longer, the largest number of signature?
ever secured for a single cause would ba the
result. Ihauking you again for your good
work in belialf of Cuba, we are, as ever, yours,
Executive Committee Cuban League.
The following committees were ap
pointed by the president to act at the pic
nic on the 30th:
President of the day. Major William Fahey.
Executive committee— F. E. Mascherini
((■:i ul rin an), D. E. liohannou, M. A. Froment,
G. Trittenbach. A. D. Jones, Fred Stande. Dr.
\V. "lark, G. Ahnß^hi, Frew W. Grimm, W. H.
Jordan, E. C. Palmier!, H. J. Osifclenier,
Thomas V. Toinauovich, I. J. Truman.
honorary commute*— Mayor J. I>. Phelan,
H. N. Nkholus cf Eureka, George C. Jefferson
of Woodland, G. M. Oaus ol Butt." City, S. 11.
William* of Ben Lomond, D. \\. Balch of
Souisbyville, H. 8. Warthen of Los Angeles, W.
.«. Morgan of Napa City, A. Schludeggar of Le
nora, E T. O'Connor of Cuba, I. D. Jacks of
Winier-*, n- nry P. Martin, G. A. Gleeion,
Finher Amen, Henry Wreden, \V. R. dairies and
Herbert Clark of Shu Francisco.
Floor manager— T. A. N«rnery.
Assistant, floor manager— Arthur Sills.
Floor committee — Churle* Campbell, Charles
Ti ghitm, Colonel C. L. Taylo-, Charle* Lecarl,
lames U. O'Leary, K. I. "Whelm, B«muel M.
Shoriridge. E. Dell'Ara, Ed Carter, G. Mftl
pieae, V. \V. Monte, E. Irvine, 51. A. Fromeut,
Jr., K. a. Lundstrom.
Reception committee— T. B. Cunningham
(chairman), R. Ferra!, A. P. Van Duzer.
M. W. \\ Jills, Cay. J. caiegaria, \V. K.
Charlton, Dr. I). 1). Lustig, George Peck, A.
Meyer, Charles M. Shortr dge, \V. H. L. Barnes.
Ed \V. Joy, Colonel Eddy, ciavia McNub,
Joseph Flynn, Cnnrles Iyittucken.
THE ENEEAVOKERS' OHOSUS.
Fir»t Rohearwal Will Bo Given To-Mor-
row tit Calvary Church.
Tne first rehearsal of the local section of
the great chorus will be held this
evening at Calvary Presbyterian Church.
The arrangements are in charge of the '07
music committee composed of A M. Ben
ham of Oakaud (chairman), J. J. Morris,
W. CL Stadtfeid. Robert Hu-band. 8. H*.
Roberta, Martin Schultz, William F.
Hooke, Robert Evans, C. M. T. Parker,
O. M. Vesper, J. M. Robinson and James
Hamilton Howe of San Francisco, E.
Men-ditto, C. E. Lloyd, H. K. Snow and C.
H. Tebbs of Oakland,. E. D. Crandall of
Alarneda, F. H. Clark of Berkeley, A. T.
Sutherland of Lorin, Rev. John Rea of
Mill Valley, George G. Hunt of Sacra
mento and Charles E. Day of Los Angeies.
The attendance at this iirst rehearsal
will probably be at least .'SOO or 400 und
will be drawn from all of San Francisco.
There will be no tickets of admission, all
who have a good singinp voice and a fair
knowledge of music beinj; invited to at
tend anJ become members of the chorus
regardless of membership in the Endeavor
Society.
The complete list of music is as follows:
"Hallelujah (Jhorus" (Hande ). "And the
Glory of ihe Lord" (Hanrtel), "Ihe Radi
ant Morn" (Woodward), "How Lovely
Are the Me*seng«rß" (Mendelssonn)
'Prepare Ye ihe Way of the Lord" (Gar
rett), "O, Havior of the World" (Gosb),
"Gud So Loved the World" (Stainer), "Let
the Peace of God" (TebDs), 'The L"'ra Is
My Shepherd" (Kuscn.it), "Praise Ye the
Father" (GouiiwU), "Juni<e Me, O Lord"
(Mendelssohn). "Send Out Thy Light"
(Gounod), "God of Abraham Praise"
(Buck) and Keller's American Hymn.
Convicted for the Seventh Time.
Robert Smith was convicted of burglary In
the first degree in the Superior Court yester
day. The trial was before Judge Webb of
Fresno, sitting for Judge Carroll Cook. Smith
had a record of six prior, couvctions against
him. He \» ill be sentenced next Saturday.
HUNTINGTON LEFT
FOR THE GAP
Will Inspect the Proposed
Route of the Coast
Line.
May Order Work to Begin
Short. y Alter His Return
From the Trip.
Great Advantages in Time and Oper
ating Ezp nsrs Expected
10 Result.
Within the next week President Hunt
in;;ton of the Southern Pacific Company
will probabiy decide when the worK of
clo-ing the gap on the coast division be
tween Surf and Eilwood is to begin. He
left yesterday morning for a trip of in
spection of the country which is to be
opened up by the oroposed extension, and
will be gone about a week. He is accom
panied by 11. £. Huntington.
The distance thai remains to be bu It on
t ins line in order to make it a through
route to Los Angeles is about sixty miles.
It will be one of the most expensive
pieces of railroad construction for the dis
tance in the State, and it is this fact that
has prevented the company from com
pleting the line earlier. Among other
t!nn:s, it will require no less than twenty
seven iron bridges across the numerous
gulches that, abound in that section, and
the wort will consist very largely of cut
ting and filling, always more or lets ex
pensive in railroad construction.
It is estimated that the cost of building
the link of sixty miles will be between
$2,500,000 and |3,c00,000, or between $40,000
and $00,000 a mile, while the average cost
of railroad building on level ground is
%bout $20,000 a mile.
But despite this heavy cost of construc
tion, the enterprise wiU Le a profitable
one to the comnany, lor the reason that it
will greatly shorten the time between San
Francisco and Los Angeles and all points
south, though it will not lessen the actual
distance between San Francisco and Los
Angeles. It is 482 miles over the South
ern Pacific Kailroud from this City to the
metropolis of the southern part of the
State, and by the proposed coast line it
will be 488, or six miles more.
The greut advantage of the route via
San Luis Obispoand Sinta Barbara lies in
the absence of any steep grades. Their
presence on the regular Southern Pacific
Railroad greatly tiffecti tee time that is
made on the road, and thereby increases
the cost of operation. At the present
time it tafces the Southern Pacific over
land train about twenty-two and a half
hours to make the trip from this City to
Lob Anj?ele«. When this train goes yiu
Santa Barbara the time will not exceed
seventeen hours, thus saving five hours;
and the same economy in time will be
abown on the Los Angeles express, which
now makes the run in twenty and a half
hours.
The point most largely benefited by
the new order of things when it is insti
tuted will be Santa Barbara. The short
est time between that point and Ban Fran
cisco is now about twenty-three and a half
hours, whicu, when the gap is dosed and
trains are run through to Santa Barbara
from San ; Francisco, will be reduced to
thirteen hours, or to nearly half the time.
I Should • Mr. Han tington - decide ' favora
bly on the proposition of beginning work
on the Rap, it is possible to close it and
have trains in operation over it by tne Ist
of October, His decision will probably be
made known shortly after his return to
this City. __ _____ _______ \- :
London has an area of 688 square t miles.
Greater New. York will have an area of 359
squnre miles.
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powder produce a soft and beautiful skin;
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.
REMEMBERED THE
DAY OF LEXINGTON
Exercises by the Sons of
the American Revo
lution.
Horace Davis and J. R. Robinson,
Sen of a Revolutionary Sol
dier, Made Addresses
The Lidijs of Sequoia Chapter Cee
brate With an Elaborate
Barquet
The Sons of the American Revolution
last night celebrated the anniversary of
the battie of L?xington in a manner so
enthusiastic as to put the younger genera
tion to the blush.
The society h»ld a brief business session
and vo'.e d to present a United States flag
to the children oi the Ladies' Relief and
Proteciion Society. The society voted
also to parade on Memorial day, May 30,
as the guests of George H. Thomas Post,
O. A. EL
John R. Robinson, General S. W. Backus
and I mac Upham were ap pointed a com
mittee to act with the committee ap
pointed by the Board of Supervisors to
make arrangements for the celebration of
the coming Fourth of July.
Hurace Davis nia'ie un address in honor
of the occasion. Tersely and graphically
he described the raid of General Gage and
ils repulse by the loyal colonist?, includ
ing the brave and patriotic volunteers
trom historic Lexington.
The paper of the evening was by Colonel
A. I). Cutler. It was read by Jo^n R.
Robinson, and very appropriate was the
selection of the reader, for Mr. Robinson
is a son of a Kevolutionary toldier and is
82 years and 9 months old. His readinc
was marked by lorce and expression and
he was frequently interrupted trith, ap
plause.
Speaking of the Puritans Colonel Cutler
said in his paper:
The game spirit of intolerance and obstinacy
that is now common to New England people
distinguished them then, mid was doubtle&R
the ioundation cf much of '.heir trouble. They
inherited it, however, irom the mother coun
try. If George 111 had granted them the free
Use of ten and revenue stamps we might be
now peaceful subjects of Mrs. iiuelDh, wearing
our trousers turned up at all times without
criticism, and marrying our daughters to
princelings and dulcelets with Impunity. As
it was the King allowed the treedistilla.ionof
rum, to which may be aitiibuted much of our
Puritan success with the aboridne. Wh.le it
may be agreed with John t.lioit, ''o that you
had converted some before you had :.lain
any," it is nevertheless true that most of the
grim old Puritans had more liking lor an In
dian dead thau alive and couverud. Anyhow
the pan Ira book, rum bottle aDd gun went
along together— a trinity of forces that ulti
mately sett>ed boih tne Indians and New Eng
tand.
Of the glory of modern Lexington the
paper speaks of follows:
In 1821 her committee of six reported a sys
tem of Staie schools th«t was finally adopted
by the Legislature of Massachusetts and has
been practically in force to the present time,
and ou which has been patterned most of the
school systems of the Middle, Western and Pa
cific States. The first normal school was es
tablished there In 1837, and therefrom and
on the same general basis has sprung atl u.e
normal scnouin of the coun try.
The steam railroad came to the town in
1840, gas in the seventies, and public water
works and electricity in due time. To-day she
i* a beautiful oid town, quiet and restful,
moved to her deepest depths only occasionaily
by quarterly town meetings, where the accu
mulated local grievances are ventilated tail
sought to a finish.
ANOTHER CELEBRATION.
Reunion of the Ladies of Sequoia
Chapter, Daughters of the
Revolution.
Tbe ladies of Sequoia Chapter of Daugh
ters of the American Revolution com
memorated the 122 d anniversary of the
battie of Lexington and Concord by a
breakfast in the Occidental Hotel yester
day.
The room in which the breakfast was
served had been decorated with exquisite
taste wuh flowers and favors, there being
n prolusion of white lilacs in which blue
and white ribbons were gracefully en
twined.
Tnere were about forty ladies present,
ana Mrs. Henry Wetherbee, the regent,
pre ided.
Amonfj those present were: Mrs. Virginia
Knox Maddox, Stale regent; Mrs. William Al
vord, honniarv State r*>gent; Mrs. L. L. Baker,
Mrs. < harles M. Keeney, Mrs. Knox-Goodnch,
Mrs. W. II IV-ter B. Simons.Mrs.
Snmuel button. Mri. Arthur W. Moore, Mrs. C.
\V. Moore, Mrs. Edward holhemns. Mrs.
(Jeofgo W. Boners, Mrs. George Law Smith
Mrs. William Swazey, Mrs. A. J. Rai*ch, Miss
Maud Smith, Mrs. Alma PrisciKa Alden. Miss
Fannie Cliipmau. Mrs. A. fc. Hubbard, Mrs.
Krank Wllhains, Mrs. C. M. Dougherty, Miss
Ada I»ough«Tty, Mrs. B. P. Flint. Mrs. Sidney
Smith, Mrs. C. il. Jewett, Mrs. Mary C. Tulia
ferro, Mr*. I'aul R. .larboe, Mrs. (.'U»rles W.
Farnham. Mm. W. E. DeanUou and Mr*. D. \V.
HoriDorough.
After the dessert brief addresses appro
priate to the occasion were made by Mrs.
Wetherbee, Mrs. Alvord, Mrs. Hubbard
NEW TO-DAT.
Don't blame
your grocer if he offers you
colored tea or watery extracts
or floury spices, because
(1) he doesn't know that you really
want the other kind ; ;
; (2) he can't always tell pure food from
adulterated; ,
(3) he makes more money on cheap
things.
Don't blame him.
And yet, if you want pure
tea baking powder
. coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
tell him: "-I want Schilling's
Best — my money back if I don't
like it."
You shall get it V : .
A Schilling & Company -
an Francisco -■,<- . gQi
ITEW TO-D MT-AMCSEMENTI' •"
THE CHUTES. -
i'HAKMiS CAVIL.I,,
The Cha<npion Swimmer, will (rive exhibitions
- in the Chute Lake
EVERY AFTEK.XOON AND EVKMNO.
ADMISSION, 100. CHILDREN. Po.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. n. UNTIL n P.TI.
- Concert Every Afternoon and Evening. -
Bathing, Including Admisa on: AilnU.i. 2&c: Chll.
' . den, 2l)c i
General Aauiigalou, iOv, Children da :
and Mrs. Dotton, and a letter, of which
the following is a copy, was received and
read :
The California Society of the Sons of the
Revolution hastens to send you greeting on
this anniversary of the battle of Lexiii«toa, an
event thai marked the beginning of the Inde
pendence of our beloved country. The success
of our mutual efforts to awoken feelings of
patriotism and inspire reverence for the
principles upon which our Government was
founded is a subject for congratulation. That
those efforts may be continued and their pur
pose crowned with still greater success should
be the ardent wish of every son and daughter
of the American Revolution. With cordial
and fraternal regards, Edwin Boxnell,
Secretary California Society Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution.
NEW TO-DAT.
It Valiantly Stands
Dr. Miles' Restorative T< T a
Nervine has stood the I ||P I P^T
test of years of the moat C^l.
exhaustive triels. It gives vitality and In-
creased vigor. It dispels that weary sleepless-
ness and induces refreshing rest It make"
the weak invalid strong and well. It has
won its grand reputation by successful re-
sults. , Its record of sic* people restored to
health is not equaled. It is the prescription
of Dr. Miles, the greatest specialist in heart
Dm jog • and nerve diseases.
r. Miles' is.'S.JfiLSS
to benefit. Book on ■■ m
heart and nerves free |\f^f*4/| |*1O
by addressing the '™A^' YlllVJ*
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.
HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS."
BALDWIN THEATER.
»iii*Yj»*Si)iea (Incorporated) irjpc.j.ji
TO-NiaMT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Hear Georee Primrose sin? "Bully's Gone to Rest"
and "Hot, lime in Old Town To-night."
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
WHITES AND BLACKS
Including QIEOHGE WILSON, Prince of Come-
dians.
INNUMERABLE NEW ACTS
ALL THE LATEST SONGS!
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
FRIDAY EVENING;... APRIL, 23,
"THE FAIRY BRIDE"
! — KXTKAVAGANZA
(By Mr. Gardner de Veuve).
. 100 People on the Stage, Lane orchestra. Orig-
inal Anisic, 1-leeam Costumes. Fancy Dances
under the direction or Mrs. Lockwood.
] Preceded by a Curtain- Act 1. >cfne2
-MERCHANT OK VENICE." Miss Emily
- Melville, Mrs. Prances B. Kdcerton.
Beflt-IU of the Pacitic Coast Women's Press As-
sociation. (Curtain rises promptly at 8 o'clock.) '
tniCOLAfIOtHGOTTIOB a?- u»M Ana fiArusoiJ •• •
ANOTHER GREAT SUCCESS
i ACHIEVED BY
MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN
And Her Widely Praised Company In
"MARY PENNING TON, SPINSTER"
A New and Original Comedy by \V\ R. Walkes.
Next Monday. WARD £ YOKES
j"A XT IST ON TKffi- BA.ISTKII"
i COLUMBIA_THEATER.
EXTHA.
I THURSDAY AFTERNOON. April 22, at 3:30.
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT.
GUSTAV HINRICHS, Dlcrector.
Soloist, Mr. Denis O'Sallivan.
Rubins pin's Fifth t-ympliony (lirst time) and
the Famous Nutcracker suite.
Keserved seats bOc and $1. Box-office now open.
! TIVOLr OPERA-HOUS2
I UE'i.liKxusTixK iißiujjv Proprietor «E Mana^ac
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK,
Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish Onera. j ■■..
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY.
, • — —SUPERB CAST!
Lovely Ballads, Beautiful Ensembles.
Songs That Reach the Heart.
NEXT WEEK
The London Snecets,
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN I"'
. Firit Appearance of
MB. DKNIS O'SULIiIVAN!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prlo*« ; — 250 and sOc
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAUKK -MOROSCO...soIe Lessee and Maujtjj; \
Limited Engagement of the Favorits Eastern
Ac ress,
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD I
j In Her Crizlnnl Character of NOKA LOGAN In
Arnola WoiforcJ's Magnificent Scenic Play. .•
"THE BRAND OF CAIN"
Realistic and Startling: Explosion Scene!!
: A Strong Story Graphically Presented 1 •
A Splendid Cast of Experienced Actors
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
lVlaMiiff<t» SHTiirunv ml Sanilar.
A I RA7AR GREAT SUCCESS
nbvniirlll { Of Tom Taylor's
Belasro^ l.ab'uillc.Mrs. | Famous Comedy,
"THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
Produced with Special Scenery Costume)
. ur.d Effects!
The Entire Alcazsr Company, including; GEORGE
OSBOUHNK, in the Cast.
Regular Prices. Telephone for Seal*, Black 99L.
Another List of Great Features!
Special Engagement of M«. AIHII.LK Air
IJKKTI, iiariione, and MME. a>nina UK-
LA.\I)J. Mt2ZO^opranO: .MAKZELO «t MIL-
LAY, Burlesque Wrestlers; ED LATELLE,
Musical Comedian^ and HKUR GKAIU and his
'1 rick Baboon and Conker, In conjunction with
the MEKKILfc.EsaiS<TBKS HAKKIR it WAL-
TERS. KIIoNKMAN.N BROS.. EVANS A
VlUOCQ,ana DELMORE&LEE.
Keserved seats. 85c; .Balcony, 10c: Op«r»-cttalri
and box-seats, 60c.
Concerts In the Oroheutn Annex every evealn*.
SPANISH CARNIVAL
MASQUERADE,
SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 24,
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
GRAND 910,000 ILLUMINATED
. STREET PARADE AT 7:30.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
>. (INGLESIDE TRACK),
The on!-.- I'enect Win Mr iiaceirac* ><>' a merle v
mm g£g?^ RACING
Racing From Monday,' April 19, to Sat-
urday. May 1, Inclusive. 
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST K ACE AT % F. M.
Talte Southern Pacific train i at Thirl ant
Townsend a is. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 P. H.
Fare for Rouna Trip, including Ad-
ini.ir.ion to Uraundi, VI. 01). j
Tatce Mission-si, electric Una direct to traox.
The Corrlgan Stakes Monday, April 19. '
'l he Spreckelu Cup unlay, April 24.
Tno C» I Horn la Hurdle WVdnts lay, April 28.
helugleside stakes, 4 miles, s-aturdar. May 1. •
v « .-ui.-i.-s.- 1 "* X- A * c KOU:s,i'ro ! ,ldew.
, I. H. Ga££2h, Secretary. ,
78
DISASTROUS DAY
FOR FAVOURITES
All of the Short- Priced
Ones Bowled Over
at Ingleside.
Rosormonde Beaten Out for the
Corrigan Stake by
Michael.
Joe Figgott Successful in Two Close
Finishes— Tim Murphy Won
at Odds at 20 to 1.
Ingleside track reopened yesterday for
its final meeting o! this racing season, and
the result was mo-t disastrous for favored
ones in the betting. While no really
"good things" were sent through, one or
two of the winners were quite extensively
played. Itwashopei that Pet Dunne's
Good Times, which went to ,the post at
evens for the final race, might save the day
for the favorites, but the big lumbering
colt developed about as much speed as a
Kansas grasshopper with one leg in
splints.
The card was a very ordinary one, and
the attendance scarcely up to the average.
S'Xteen pencilers marked up odds in the
ring and were never be?ieged with "rafts
of coin." The weather was cool and the
track good, but not fast.
The Corrigan stake for two-vearolds, at
five furlongs, saw ten racy-looking youne
etars appear with the colors up. It was
a handicap affair, and Rosormonde, wiln
Clawson and 102 pounds in the saddle,
wa? a pronounced favorite In the betting,
goin^ to the post Bto 5. Away first, Claw-
Bon made a wide turn into the stretch,
with the aristocratic miss, allowing
M.cnael. with Coadv up. to come through
ou the rail, and in a hard drive found hira
seif beaten out half a length in l:01?£
Front de Boeaf, with Willie Martin to do
the piloting, run a Buri>r:singiy good race,
finishing third, Japped on thp two 'eaders.
The winner, which packed 116)4 pounds,
is a sturdy-looking chestnut coit. by imp.
Islington from Jessie C. dam of the speedy
Circe. He is owned by \V. M. Murry of
Sacramento, and has shown great game
ness in all of his races.
Lady Diamond, the 6 to 5 favorite for
the opening seven-furlong purse affair,
displayed about as much speed as a tin
can rolling up hill and finished beyond
first and second money. Turning into the
stretch, the 10 to 1 shot Manchester, rid
den by Hennessy, drew away from his
company and won with ease from the 30 to
1 outsider, blue Bell.
White & Clarke turned the six-fnrlong
selling sprint that followed over with
their old roan veteran, Tim Murr>hy. The
ring laid 15 to 1 against the old fellow and
always at the saddle-girth of Perhaps he
downed that geiding a nose on the wire in
I:lss£. Third money went to Mollie R.
Lizz.e H, who receded from 8 to 5 to 13 to
5, finished well up at the end.
The fourth race, run over a mile and a
sixteenth, decided under selling condi
tions, resulted in the overthrow of the hot
3 to 5 favorite Rev del Tierra, ridden by
Clawson. The youngste- managed to get
a clear head down the back^tretch and
turned into the straight for home with
his mount looking a winner. At the fur
long pole both San Marco and The Bache
lor drew up on the leaiier and soon had
him in trouble. Simmered down to a
.rive between the two last-named horses,
Piggott, on The Bachelor, uutimi-hed
Isoru and cot i is horse over the line a
long no^e before Pnn Marco in 1:50 flat.
The winner was 6 to 1 in the books
throughout the betting.
Refugee was played down from threes
to 5 to 2 to win the six-furlong sprint that
came next, but came out stiff and sore and
ended up third. Caliente, aga;nst which
9 to 2 was laid, won in a drive by one
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKRY CLUB. lngle«lde Racetrack, Monday, April 19. Seventy
* sixth day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
85. FIKST
; four-,
Index.
i<Jei. Horse. a?e, wel-;ht. j fit. 14 y a
865 Manchester. 5....116 1 j 2 1 21
718 i Blue Bell. 6 1041 4 1 y a 1 l/ 2
834 Lady Diamond, s.l U4 ( 5 4 1 '5
879 Gradv. 4 106 8 5h 4h
*61 Sea Spray. 5. 106 3 61 8
788 Yankee D00d1e,4.1-1 1 7 8 6y 2
859 Logan, a 116 2 SI I 32
60 |l>«nuls, 4 lOtfl 6 7% 9
873 Encino, 4 JOB 9 9 j 74
%
1 h
i£
5 2
8 10
« Vi
US 1
9
7y a
Str
Fin.
Betting.
Op. C.
1 1
2 3
4 2
5 2
61
7 4 '
3 2
I
8 .
1 li
6 3 1
7 10
8 3
9
Hennesay
Knos..:
F'BgOtt
Cole
snider
5
40
6-5
4
2J
4
10
50
40
8
30
6-5
7-2
40
10
15
200
CO
Coadr
Bercen
McKeuna.
McDonald
<^ooU start. Won easily. Winner, a. U. Bialteley's b. h., by Sir Modred-Pariheuia. Time,
O(' dttu.NU i.Ath- Three-quarters of a mile;
i
Betting.
>p. Cl.
87.1
825
&75 !
858
861
«16
890
SUB
>20
807
803
875
Tim M: rphy, a... 1(19- 4
Perhaps. 4 ;05 ' 1
Mollle X, 5... .....107 11
Lizzie H, 4 104 9
Kicarflo.6 109 12
Snowdovvn, 4.... 112 3
-• asel, 4 106 8
SchDitz. 5.. 112 13
Favory, 5 1-.' 14
Riot, 4 106 . «
Citmelia, 4 104 16
O'fleeta. .1 lot 10
Myrtle H, 4. 104 7
1 mina It, a...;.. 107 2
Duchess.4 .■.107 5
Horse, agp. meleht.
St.
10 1/2
12 1 -
-7
13 .
14
ti 1
« ,
11 •
15 ■■',
3 y,
"A
2h
1 1
6
11
12
1 i
8
13
9
17?
15
14
10
6
S.I
4V«
|' Str.
'-'3.
1 h
3 1
91
B V 2
5V S
.1
12
13
10
7 1
14 -
61 .
15
Fin. I
1 h
2 4
.-; 2
■- 4 1
5 1 '.
6 Vs
I?
9
10
11
12
IS ;
14
IB
Frawley I
Bozemaa
Jones
-laughter
■Shfjtard:
He:.nes«y
Milder..
Clawgon
i. Williams....
Felijhery
I'lggot. ...:...:..
Bergen
r01e....
Thompson I
Knos j
10
2U
6
a
IS .
6
.20-
-6
15
100
15
10
1' 0
20
100
15
- 80
10
6-J
20
6
4U
6
i 15
200
4 26
20
£00
8
, 100
'"884
282
Good man
Won ..rivnu. «i,..,c r, V\ h le <fe Clark's r.
by Kyr;e Daly-Majjgie t- Time, 1 :1634.
887 lUll '° lvA( - i: -—^lve-.i^hths of a mile; Corrizan stakes; two-year-olds; purse * 1300.
JnCtx.
846
(XH'2)
882
828
772
800
BK2
882
(783)
Horse, weight. ! St.
Michael 116 6
Rosomronde 102 1
Front cie Boeuf ... 1 07 j 6
Imperious 100 4
Aluminum 104 2
Louise Hooker. . 94 8
The Cheat ,\.. 115 7
Saboalh 90 9
Morellito..; 119 8
Mi
¥a
61
in
31i
4 b
7 2
22
6 4
8 2
9
%
6y a
»h
74
6V a
2h
4 2
9
82
Ktr.
33
1 3
2 1
71
5 1
8 -i
4 3
9
' «2
Fin.
1 h :
Hi*
9 1
73
I*
Coaily.... ■ 4
Ci»wson 3.
W. Martin | 10
Jont-s ........... 6
Slaughter.. !•
ll.islett 60
B<'zrman 6
Maxey..... ..... 40
Milder.... 6
BemoK.
Op. Cl.
72
»a
1&
10
•
40
8
100
I
i
Good s art. Wen driving.
•• oujileii w ..h Imperious
W,
C. lime, 1:01 3/ 4 '
>
tQQ FOUKTH llaCE— Oae and a sixteenth miles; selling; purse *400.
Ir>o>x. Horse, age, welsht.
688 The Bachelor. 4.. 10!
"871 ban Mart o. 4..... 101
(859) Key del '1 ierra, 3. 9:
877 Ad. Buchanan, 6.10:
871 Babe Murphy. .10
3
1
6
2
4
*td. I/4 I- Vs
*V* 5 j~5
2 2 12 22!
6 . 2% 12 i
lh aY? 3 hi
3 2 '4V 2 I 4y 2
i? 3
•-' 3
i 12
4h
I 3h
31
22
1 3
o Va
•■6 -I
Str.
1 h
2 3
35
4%
5
PlgßOtt
K. 1 som
Clawson
Jones
I Bozeman
.locker.
Belting.
Op. Ci.
6 6
6 12
4-5 11-20
4 6
I 6 15
Good start.
Wondriving. Winner, ¥.. CorrUan'sch. s- by Judge Murray- Spinster. Time, 1 :50.
889.
HUH
purse *350.
V*.
Str.
I Betting.
Op. . CIS
InOx.
Horse, age, weight
st.
Fin. I
Jockey.
-804
(789)
87*
.873
87
><72
873
-Bi2
J823
Cailenie. 4...^... 109
.Marjone, 4 107
Refuge*, 4........1U9
Potentate, 0..\...112
I'ai Murphy, 5...10t;
Major Cook, 5... .109
Kutralsky, 4 109
Moutallade, 4 ... 109
Mldlo, 4........V..106
3
9
4
7
1
6
5
'".'.".'.
04
8 1
si
71
9
4 1 -
»y a
6 '_■
1 1
3 1
I?
8
9
4 h
6 1 '
IP
1 3
2 h
1$
8
9
■;ir.
2h
\h
5 2
Bl
74
84
9 '
Hem.c sy
W. Martin..
shiedi I
Bozeman
SlaiiKlitiT
* I iiv.n.in
Jon»i
i. Williams.'.;.
PiKgott
4 4
•8- 32
7-2; 6-2
•^0 15
7*^no
3 ..'7-2
12 15
M 40
8 : 16
Tim'^'wasT' drivin «- Winuer. A. J. Stemler's eh. c, by tl Kio Rey-Uettie Humphrey.
890. bIXTI±
Index.
{Horse, nelghL
st.
y%
Jockey.
Bettlnit.
<>P. Cl.
879
Bernardino ]
Lode Star. ]
Good Times. !
Persoune .]
.lames Poneus. ..
V.ncllor
1
A
3
4
6
6
lh
2 1
5 h
i*
3h
ll;,
6 1
\*
3h
1 h
2 2
I?
6
5%
2 1
3 £
61
6 •
lb
•I 10
33
46
5 2
6
PlgKOLt ....
slaughter
W. Martin
Boztman ..;....
1. Hinnessy....
H. Isom.i;'.. '...",
fc-5 6-2
6 iO
65 1
U 12
100 600
10 8
809
. 878
BtsB
809
Good start. Won driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin* b. g,, by
lime,
length, with Marjorie snatching the place
from tne favorite.
Good Times either was minus or did not
wish to extend himself in the concluding
mile run, and brought up a bad third. In
a punishing drive Piggott, on Bernardillo,
led Lode Star out by a short head in
I:43}*.
KOTKS.
Walter J did not appear to be unusually
fractious while at the po*t in the Emery
ville races, and it might not be out of the
way for Ingleside to accept his entry. His
owner is not wealthy, but should be given
a chance to earn bread and buiter, never
theless.
Jim Neil came very near landing a good
bet with Perhaps, and the brown gelding
was one of the really "live ones" which
started in the second race.
Mike Hennessy iv seen to good advan
tage in the saddle these days. He piloted
two winners in vrry clever fashion yester
day, and Burns & Water house evidently
made no mistake when they signed the
veteran. '  L
Joe Pipgoit seems to have regained his
old winning form.. In a close decision
Joe's number is usually hoisted on the top.
Pat Murphy was Jouled the last hundred
yards by Oaliente, but Slaughter pulled
the roan horse up so hard the la<-t few
jumps that he failed to finish among the
rirst three. Had he been second. Slaugh
ter's claim of foul aeainst the winner
would probably have been sustained.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, two-year-olds, half a mile.
758 Sadie Schwartz.lo7 876 Miss Dividend.. 101
870 Cassandra...... lu7 Lizze la 107 1
870 Marvelous li 1 ' (n74)Deiia M ...I<>7
876 Torsiiia 111! 7j3 Little T Q 101 !
842 l.a Maroma... 101 I 7. 8 Spanish Queen. 107
836 Bay itn..... 107 1 657 Queen Alab 107
*»74 .Malka 101 j
second race, Bellini;, ihr**-qui>rters of a mile
-855 Heel... 103 878 Santa Haul*. ..l'»3
771 Adam Andrew. 108 299 Scorcher 105
746 Aiazaa 108 853 Quoen Nubia. . .lo3
87s Ro.vCa.ruthtrs.loß 851 Kafaela.. 103
875 Cogent 108
Third race, felling, eleven-Mxteentbs of a mile.
873 Karl Cocbran... l2B 717 lleudington 128
885 Knclno 131 1 BSt> Myrtle U lvtf
488 Win. linker ion. HiO Our v 1;m«te....l 8
♦■85 B.u- B(?ll 129 69-' i-.xaminer 13i
7.'J Peixotto 128 Bb9 Jack Mania.... I*B
Fourth race, one and a quarter mi es, selling.
881 Tuxedo 110 779 Vant Dance 509
877 Hazard 06 >77 Treachery 104
(877)JudRe Denny.. .lla 8-8 .LeonvUle .. 110
I 877 Morte F0n»e....113
Fifth r cc, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
(849) Dolore 103 ' (86P)fiiariemagne . . 105
868 Ft Augustus... 108 iß7B)MertUllo ILB
878 Lou 1m 11 1.......103 ißs3>Tulnre 107
844 Ki^nzi lOdj &6i» Nebula 103
sixth race, seven-eighths of a mile.
«83 Wheel Forcune.ll4 866 Howard S 110
848 fit p. Trance.... li.»! sf«B K. Ko 108
' 884 Celoso 100 b"i7 Kai Moi .111
849 Kose.le 107 843 foXaslti 11l
879 Vlncior 114
SELECTIONS FOii TO-EAY.
Flrat race — Little T G, Torsida, La
31 aroma.
Second race— Santa Paula, Queen Nu
bia, Alazan.
Third race — Reddlngton, Peixotto,
Our Climate.
Fourth ract — Morte Fonse, Can't
Dauce, Judge Denny.
Fifth race— Tnlare, Nebula, Rlenzi.
S.xth race— Howard S, Wheel of For
tune, Vinctor.
MEDICOS TO MEET.
Medical Society of California Will Con-
i .in' To-Day.
This morning at 9 o'clock the twenty
seventh annual meeting of the Medical
Society of the State of California will be
called to order in Gulden Gate Hall.
Tnree sessions wtil be held daily until
Saturday morning.
The programme for this morning con
sists of an address of welcome by William
Fitch Cheney and the annual address of
the president, Henry Gibbons Jr. of San
Francisco. Thereafter papers of technical
and general interest wiil principally en
gage attention.
The officers of the society are :
President. Henry Gibbons Jr. ; first vice
president, C. L. Bard; serond vief-president,
J W.T. Maupiu; *ecretary, William Wait K«rr;
| first assistant secretary, C. C. \\ ad worth; sec-
I ond assistant secretary, H. Bert E.lis; treas
urer, Tnomas Ross.
Board of censors— W. B. Lewitt, W. H. Mays,
G. F. Hanson, G. P. Reynolds, T. B. DeWit;.
Board 01 examiners— H. H. Hart, president;
C. C. Wadsworth, secretory ; William E. Hop
king, J. M. Williamson, William nt.h Cheney,
J. Henry Karbat, U. J. Fitzaibboii.
Executive committee — Wiiiiam Le Moyne
Wills. W. R. Cluness, W. 8. Thorne.
Committee on arrangements— William Fitch
Cheney, chairman: F. B. Carpenter, R. L. Rig
don, William E. Hopkins, Stanley Stillmau.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20. 1897.
SHOW WINDOWS
TO BE CURTAILED
Must Not Be Extended
Over the Public
Sidewalks.
Mayor Phelan Vetoes a Permit
acd Expresses His Ideas
on the Matter.
Hall of Justice Progressing — Gates
May Be Ordered lor Rail
road Crossings-
Mayor Phelan has decided that the
time to check the narrowing of the eide
walks of the City by allowing shopkeepers
to extend their show-windows over the
same has come, and Ho intends to make a
determined crusade against the granting
of any more permits.
He started the ball rolling yesterday at
the meeting of t c Board of Supervisors
by vetoing resolution No. 1622, granting
J. L. Haskell permission to extend his
show-windows twelve inches over the
sidewalk at 1118 and 1120 Marfcet street.
The message reads as follows:
Such special privileges have been heretofore
granted by ihe Beard of Supervisors at the re
, quesi of property-owners, and thus become
j not special privileges, but a general privilege,
because if you grant the i.rivileee to one
there is no good reason why it should Le re
\ fused to another. The evil has grown by rea
son of the fact that oue property-owner ex
tends his show-window over the sidewalk,
thus compelling his neighbor to do the fame,
; and so on progressively until all the show
windows are pr»jected.
It the privilege was not granted in the first
: instance, every property-owner would be com*
polled to occupy Ins own land. He could pro
duce the same effect on his own line by mak
ing embrasures instead of projections, and the
public would not be the sufferers. As it is
now, one foot is taken < ff the sidewalk and
given to the property-owner, thus narrowing
the channel over whiih people pre compelled
to pass, inconveniencing ami crowding them
into the roadway. Such au absorption of the
sidewalk is certainly in derogation of the
rights of the citiz-u io its free Riid lull use.
General order 15St> oi the Board ot Super
visor limits the u>e of the public sidewalk for
private purposes to the privilege of gaining
access to one's property, as by a basement
entrance, but the projection of a snow-win
dow is not made for any necessary purpose
and Is clearly an encroachment upon the pub
lic stieet.
The owners of property, furthermore, are
short-'-lghted in thus reducing the width of
the sidewalk on business thoroughfares, be
cause so crowded do they become ou certain
days and evenings ot the week, and on occa
sions oi umisual gathering*, that not o ly are
the public inconvenienced but customers are
driven away t> reason of the compact bodies
of people moving in one direction or another
over »c diminished sidewalk.
My eriticiMii applies to the principal thor
oughtares rather than to the outlying dis
trict*, where, however, the same principle is
involved, but not the same necessity lor im
mediate action.
T.ese special privileges are revocable by the
board, and where they become conspicuous
nuisances it may be necessary !or your honor
able body io revoke some of the privileges
already grunted; but inasmuch as projecting
show-windows have been almost invariably
pui in o.d structurt-x. it may be ihat the con
struction ol new buil anus in the near iuture
will remedy the ev:l, and to this end such
special pr;v. leges should hereafter be denied.
Respectfully, Jamks I). Phelan. Mayor.
Supervisor Rottanzi offered a resolution
that was referred to the Street Commit
tee providing that individuals, companies
or corporations operating streetcar tracks
in this City must pave the space between
the rails ana the poriion wh.ch by law
they are cumre led to fceeD in order *ith
the same c arac.er of pavement that is
used in the remainder of the street, except
for ei;;ht inches on each side of the track*,
which may t.e paved with Oasa.t blocks.
The Committee on Public Buildings re
ported that the architect and Superintend
ent of Construction of tne Hall of Justice
had reported that a larger force ol men
tban formerly was at worlt on the build
ing, but that the work could be pushed
more rapidly. The committee al-o re-
ported that the building must be con
structed with the tame variety of stone
that is being used in the new ferry build
ing, and that the sub-contract to furnish
the stone had been let to I. £5. Delano of
the Rocklin Marble Company.
Bateman Brothers have been notified
that the present morgue building will be
vacated in about two week*, and that as
the temporary quarters have been rented
for six mon;h.-i every effort should be
made to erect tie new building within
that time.
A communication was received from the
Richmond District Improvement Associa
tion asking that the Sutro Railroad Com
pany be compelled to run iti cars within
the limit of speed required by the muni
cipal ordinance*. The petition was signed
by George 11. Fletcher, president oi the or
ganization, and stated that tue cars of the
company were run so fast as to endanger
the live-, not only of those pationizing the
line but ".hose compelled to use crossings
over wtiich it passes. The recent accident
in which a number of j>ersorß were in
jured was attributed to the speed of the
cars.
A resolution was adopted transferring
$3000 from the funds of tlie Almshouse to
those of the City and County riospittd in
order to prevent a shortage in the re
sources of the latter institution. The
funds of the hospital were overdrawn
when the present board went into office,
and since then a sewer system costing
$4000 has been paid for out of the funds,
leaving them in a bad shape unless re
plenished in Kome-manner.
A resolution permitting the South San
Francisco Gun Club to conduct trar*-«uoot
ine on a tract of land owned by Thomas
Funning, half a mile inside the County
line, two miles from the Mission road, was
passed to print.
Supervisor Clinton offered a resolution
that was referred to the Street Committee
directing the Southern Pacific Company
to erect gates where its tracks cross pub
lic streets at the following locations:
King and Fourth streets, Townseod and
Fourth streets, Townsend and Fifth streets
Townsend and Eighth Btreejfc Harrison and
Eighth streets. Harrison ana Twenty-Brut
streets, Valencia and Twenty-fifth streets, Illi
nois and Nnpa streets, ord S»u Jose road and
Circular avwnue, Ocean House road and
Southern Pacific Rai.road crossing, old San
Jose road and Plymouth avenue.
In support of his resolution the Super
visor slated that he had asked the Super
intendent of Streets for the locations of
the railroad crossings ot this, City and had
received a lift of .fony-four. The ones
mentioned were classed as dangerous. Dr.
Clinton stated that it was necessary for
the preservation of human life to imve
gales at the crossings mentioned, and
that the absence of such barriers had
already cost several people their lives.
D strict Attorney Barnes sent in a com
munication stating that the services of
Attorney J. J. Dunne, whose appointment
as special counsel and demand for services
were vetoed by the Mayor, are necessary
for the proper conduct of ms office.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the; Week's Work
; Acted On by the Board. T
The following is a complete summary of
the street improvements which passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion: , \ '■>'.' -■• ",
: > \ .'■ AWARE* OF CONTRACTS.
"■ Ftockton, . Elite .rd O'Fwrell— City Street
Improvement i omjmnv. on bituminous paving.
Green, !-cott to Devisadero— »nd paving. "
. Orven and Paving. '_' .■■ - -• .. « •-';
WUUrd street : orti», oppotilo > In ter.ectloa of
. ■ .  " --■.■■■'."■-,■ .'■'., ■..:•!
den Gate avenue— storm-water inlet, grating
unit culvert. - • - . ■....• •
Leav--nworth, Goiden Gate avenne to McAl
lister—Stone sidewalks.
Prospect avenue. Virginia to Eameralda avenue.
Grading, curbs, sewers, etc. . ' ■■
Kli'lMilKMiKli PASSED TO BKSOLUTIOJT
. ORi'KBINO.
Ilaißbt aiiJ A«hbury— Bitumen.
HkiKbt, Asuburjr to Clayton— Same, with
■ewers. • r,
Hi-.uht and Clayton— Same, with sewers, etc.
Haight, Clayton to Cole— ■. me, and sewers, etc.
Haiglu and Cole— s : and sidewalks, etc.
Haight, Cole to Shrader.
HaighlanJ Shrader.-./ "
Jones, ueary to Pott— Stone sidewalks on east
side.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
' WOBK.
Eureka and Twentieth— sidewalks and
bituminous paving. .. .
i'oplar alley. Twenty-sixth to roadbed of South- .
em. Pacific . Bailioad 'Company Grading ■ and'
paving.' . -
Harrison. Precita avenue to Army— Grading,
curbs, pipe sewer, etc -.f. > >■
, Douglas*, Twenty-Urn to Bomaln— Pipe sewer,
etc. - , ,-\. $ ; /
Harrison, Serpentine avenne to Army— Same.
Dong ass and Komain— Pipe sewers, etc. .'■■■■
-, Douglass, Komairt to Tweatieth— Same. •- *
Douglass, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Grading,
curbs and macadamizing. ■ ' I
Ksmeralda avenue, Prospect avenue to Lundys
lane— Pipe sewer. . • .- ■-
. Broadway, Joues to Leaven worth— Stone side
walks. . \ .
.Lower terrace, Pinto to Temple street—Grad
ing, curbs., t to. . ...
. Lower terrace. Serpentine place to Pluto street-
Pipe sewer, Kradln?, etc- *; .-.---." •"„
. Lower terrace and Serpentine place— Grading,
curbs, cutterways, sewers, cv. verts, etc. WSttti
Lower terrace and Pluto street— Pipe sewer,
cesspools, culverts, etc. ; "♦ ■
l.owtr terrace, Pluto to Temple street, and con
tiguous vicinity, including intersection of isaturn
mud Juno stieets— llpe sewers, culverts, curbs,
etc. . ■ . ._ ' , . ;•■-. ;..-";
STREET WORK REOOMMFNT.KD BT SUPBBI-NTJCHD
ENT OF STBEETS.
- Locust, Sacramento to Clay— Curbs and paving.
j - acratncri.o and Spruce— Paving.
Spruce, Sacramento to Clay— Curb* and paving.
bacraniento, Maple to Cherry— .ame.
Sacramento ana Cherry— i-avins.
Sacramento, cbi-rry to First— Curb* and paving. •'
Cherry. Clay to Washington— Same. * - 1
. Clay, First avenue to Cheny— tame.
Cherry and Clay— Paving.
Clay, y. a Die to Cherry — Curbs and paving.
Clay and Maple— Curbs, paving anUjjdewalks.
Clay, spruce to Map.c— l urLs and paving.
Clay and spruce— Paving.
clay, Locust to Spruce— and paving.
Clay and Locust— raving.
J ocus'. Clay to Washington— Curbs and paving.
J Cla < , Laurel to Locust — same.
«jj»y and Laurel— Paving.
Laurel, ilay to Washington— Curbs and paving.
Clay, Walnut to Laurel — Same.
Oay and Walnut Paving .. .—■ :■■-'
Washington and Laur>-I — u ame.
Laurel, Washington to Jackson— Curbs and pav
lnc ... „•
Washington. Laurel to Locust— Same.
Washington and Locust— Paving. ■
Locust, Washington to Jackson— Curbs and pav
ing. ■ ,v . :- • . -
Washington,, Locust to Spruee — Same.
Washington to spruee — l'avine.
Washington. Spruce 10 Maple— Paving and
curbs. " -
Washington and Maple— Paving.
Washington, Maple to Cherry— Curbs and pay-
Inc.
Washington and Cherry— Paving.
Cherry, Washington to Jacusju— Curbs and pay
lur.
Washington, First avenue to Cherry— Same.
Jackson. Maple to cherry— Same.
Jackson and Maple— Pavl g.
Jac-son and Cherry— Curbs and paving.
J&rksoo, Maple to Spruce— Sima
Jackson and -pruce — Paving.
Jackson, Locust to Spruce— curbs and paving.
Jackson and Locust— Pavinc.
Jackson, Laurel to L.cusi — Curbs and paving.
Laurel ana Jackson— Paving.
J> on. Walnnt to Laurel— Curbs and paving.
Jackson and Walnut— Paving.
Jackson, Central avenue to v. alnut— Curbs and
paving. ,
.vaple. Clay to Washington— Curbs and paving.
spruce. Clay to Washington— Pipe sewer.
Maple, Clay to Washing. on— >ame.
Spruce, Washington to Jackson— Curbs, paving
and pipe-sewer.
.-pruce. Clay to Washington— Curbs and paving,
RESOLUTION OVFRRFLINO . OBJECTIONS TO
SIRKKT WORK.
California street an 1 Twentieth avenue—Grad
ing, sewers, curbs. sidewalk*, etc.
I: K-.01.1 1 IciN BKAIJVKKTISINQ PROPOSALS.
Church, Market to Fifteenth— ltalia sidewalks.
Prospect a ud Esmeralda a\euue — Grading, sew
emus, etc. . v •;.<:•
RESOLUTION uakin'd APPROPRIATION ros
MKIlr WOKK.
Geary, Kearnv to Powell— In addition to paying
half cost for paving, $400 appropriated for pan
fronting on City bquate, making city's total
»2670.
REHOLUTIOXB KItPOWKBIVO BUPKRINTRNDKNT
OF SIIIEKTS TO SIGN PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
staayan, opposite intersection of ell— With J.
J. Dowllnic. on granite curbs and stone sidewalks.
City assessable for proportion of cost.
btanyan and • Fell— •%' lth City street Improve
ment Company, for paving, on same conditions. I -
Fourteenth avenue. California o Luke— With
McHueh <£ Hheerin, lor grading, sewering, etc.', on
same conditions. ■
OBDKB KKDUCINQ WIDTH OF SIDEWALKS.
Ftauiey plac». Harrison to Bryant— Keduced
three and established at ten feet.
- '' ■'!. "~~, RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCKPTANCB.
Green street. Gougb to Octavia— Bitumen.
Kddy street, Octavia to Lacuna — Bitumen.
Colllngwood street, Eighteenth to Nineteen th—
Bitumen.
Ly-n street, McAllister to Fulton— Bitumen. >
RESOLUTION OF CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Gougti, Kddy to Kills— Bitumen.
BKCOMMKKDKD FOB FULL ACCEPTANCE,
becramenio. Locust to Spruce ßitumen. . -vi
BKCOMMENDED . FOB CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Laguna, Clay to Washington — Bitumen.
BKBOLUTION DIRECTING BUPKRINTKNDKNT OF
BTKKETS' ATTENTION TO MISCELLANEOUS MAT
' TERS. . • - </>.-• '..a
Clay and Bay— Question of accepting crossing.
Army, Mission 10 .Alabama— Laying of side
walks. ••'; . .:-
Mm Bruno avenue and De Haro street — Same.
Nineteenth— Guerrero to Dolores — Condition of
sidewalks. . .
Walter street — Twenty-five feet of unfinished
sidewalk. -
Harrison and Juniper— Besetting of curb .
Third street— Bepair of sidewAlks in front of
No. 238. ,
Thirteenth and Castro— Stopping of grading pro
ceedings.
i.-oui street— Rod condition of sidewalks be
tween B*2 and 834. , ,
GBADKS BFCOMMKNDKD.
Precita avenue, Alabama to Army.
Btoneman, Alabama to Folsom.
EXTENSION OP HUB GBANTED.
California and Laurel— To Pacific Paving Com
pan, 30 days on paving. . ;.*••».'^-Ti
Calilorniaand Locuu — "-ami-.
• Polk. Greenwich to Lombard— To ' Warren A
Malley, 90 days on grading, tic. ,r .
VARICOCELE.
THIS VERY COMMON AILMENT IS POSl-
tively cured by a treatment original with
Doctor Sweany, which -ati:.cki the seat of
the disease aud restores a healthfol condition-
to the veins and nerves, thus eunbiing them
by their contraction to give a proper circula-
tion of the blood through the vuins, thereby
Kradually^reaucing their swollen condition.
The pain disappears, they return to their
original healthy condition and appearance,
and a varico-e condition cannot continue, re-
turn or form after you have once been properly
cured by his treatment, which does not inter-
lere with any rpgulßr habits or employment,
and may be used without knowledge or sus-
picion of any other person.
Snfferers from this disease, the time to cure
it is when it first manifesto itself. Neglected,
varicocele soon assumes a condition where
nothing short of an operation will avail. It
is therefore important that these cases re-
ceive early attention. Describe your case
fully and Dr. Sweany will tell you candidly
whether or not you c»u be cured without an
operation.
Diseases of Young, Middle- Aged and Old Men,
Which weaken the body and the brain, !■ causing nervous debility in all its distressing forms,
such as wasting away and atrophy of the or ? an,, night emisulons, drains which
sap the vitality weak and tailing manhood, aching back »ud di»ea<«d kidney*,
a 'red feeling fear of d.uiger or death, difficult breathing, loss of appetite, de-
fective eyesighi.painain t..e head and «liuu:derii. camps. In the muscle* of the
body, dizxiiiKM and falling sensations, pimples on th« face, dark circles under
the eyes, palpitation of th«. heart, despondency, poor memory, ringing in the
ear», biood lushing to the head, a wandering mind, inflamed glands; hy.lrocele,
inflammation and Irritation of the uladdei , <lifflcult urination? gleet, gonorrhea'
• tricturr, syphilis nod all other disennes of tho generative organ, are invariably
cured, toy Dr. Swenny's treatment. This aistinguished specialist hlso treats and cures .All
"'"to' 1 ,th E ' > ' Ear, Head, Throat, tuo go. Stomach, Liver »nd llo^v.-l-. Kid-
neys, Wruk and Iliideveloped Organs; hlso, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Heart Troubles,
Blood and -kin I>is-a«. «, p||,.» «nd I l^tula •:::'- -^ : -:.' " ; ' • .: '
Rupture is cured by Dr. Sweany.with his new and painless treatment without any deten-
tion from business. - Dr. Sweeny's purely • N ;" .
' Scientific Treatment Invariably Cures
The most pronounced cases of any and all the above ailments. It is the result of a lifelong
study of these diseases, and is absolutely -original with him. He has treated thousands of
suncrers throughout the land, and is constantly in receipt of an avalnncbe of testimonials
lrom people of all classes and stations in life, who express profound gratitude for the won-
derful cures wrought by him, and who have requested the -doctor to their names. Dt
bweany has always made it an invariable rule not to publish names. Acknowledgments of
cures are Dot shown to callers unless especially, requested to do so by the parties writing
them. > Absolute secrecy is maintained in till provisional dealings.'-! Medicines when sent are
securely sealed in plain packuges. "All letters are answered by the doctor in r-ersun.-, A per-
sonal visit is always to be preferred, but for those who are unable to call Dr. Sweanv has
developed a system of Mom* . treatment that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at
home by means of correspondence and medicines Bent them as directed. Letters are answered
In all languages. Call or address r. ./.,:' v:- '■ ■' "■ •-■••■■• .--■-■ .=■ - -■■>■ erea
e\ n*. erw:E3A.:i%rY, i\/i%-p_ f
737 Market Street, san Francisco. Cal; v *
a
+ U^,, . EXTENSION OF TIMS BKCOMM ENDED. . .
Church : and . Twenty-second— To Union Paving
and Contracting Company, sixty days on paving,
etc. ■
California,' Maple to Cherry— Same.
California. Cherry to First avenue— Same.
iolsom, Third to Sixth— Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET * COMMITTEE.
Nineteenth, Twentieth and Utah — Property
owners to have further excavation below official
grade stopped and ear removed rep aoeci. •!
Folsom, s-ixth to — south hide Improve
ment Club for attention to bad condition of new
pavement.
Jessie, Seventh to Eighth— O. W. Frink for re
moval of obstructions,
larallon street. Capital to Plymouth avenues— '■
Property-owners for grading, etc.
Twenty -second. Mission to Pennsylvania— F. Q.
Dunn '.o • lelease from grading contract.
. Layer terrace— for permixsio t to macad
amize with red rock taken troin street in grading.
- Capitol avenue, nagamore to Palmetto, and Sag
amore. Capi.ol avenue to. oris.ioa— Oceau View
Improvement Cub for reconsideration of action
in tiiatttr of grading. r *
Tweaty-ttrst, Diamond to Castro—Property-own
ers for gracing. i
' Fair Oaks, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Same, for laying of sidewalks.
Mutro electric line— Point looos Improvement
Ciuu, for cars lo be run at lawful speed.
. Castro and Thirteenth— Property-owners, . for
change of grade.
aacrnmenta Locust to Spruce— Pacific Paving
Company, for acceptance.
Asli avenue, Laguna to Buchanan Same. ;
r<oe and Fourteenth — Same.
Market ana Sacramento— O. A. Pope, to repair
plunk sidewalks.
Turk, iJeviaiiero to Broderick— L. 8. Campbell,
H. Duncan and John Grant, to retain their artifi
cial stone curbs.
Fourteenth, Noe to Castro— Mrs. E. Lynch, K.
Murray and C. H. Bryan, for same.
Bay. Van Ness avenue to on—Property-own
ers, for grading, paving, etc.
: PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
I < hurch and Hancock— Property- owners, aealnst
construction of storm water inlet on southwest
comer. -
_ Alvarado and >oe— Same, against paving, i
K.->nieia <;a avenue, Pro-tiiect avenue to Lnndys
! — Same, agninst sewering.
Church and Twentieth— Same, asalnst paving.
West Mission, Twelfth to Th.i teenth— Mime.
First avenue, Harriao.i to Bryant — Same.
Guerrero and Dorland— a. P. Ho:aling, agai nst
laying of concrete or asphaltum sidewalk.
" w % ' REPORT OF STBEBT COMMITTKK.
Alamo square— sidewalks will have to be relaid
befoie payment <an be made.
Dearborn -place. Seventeenth to southerly ter
minationln favorofg permission to pave.
Grant avenue and f-utter-ln favor of granting
permission to erect eiectric-lijht i.oles. . '
- ord, Sanchez to .-of — In favor of permission
to pave, ■
Cherry and Sacramento— Same.
Fourth avenue. Clement to California south —
Same for grading, etc.
Fell, Fill more to Webster— ln favor of granting
space tor church tower.
Mission— ln favor of erecting electric-light pole
at No. 785. '
Sacramento— ln favor of replanking in front of
premises hi No. 48. ,
• Nineteenth. Collingwood to point 125 feet east
erly— In favor of • dewalKs, ■ • ' 'k -»
eenth, Noe to Castro— curbing may be
retain .-,-,:
--■ Broatlwav, A>nes to Leavon worth — Against con
struction of sidewalk s for six months.
other petitions and protests placed on file.
"Kid" Kug<ell Convicted.
John Russell, better known as "Kid" Rus
sell, was convicted by a jury In Judge Low's
court yesterday atternoon of swindling Ro
iand Sheard, a young Englishman, out of $50
by the pea and shell game. He was ordered
to aoiear for sentence thin morning. Friends
of Rust-ell have been importuning Sheard to
take back his money and drop the case, but
they lailed.
For Seamen's Wages.
An action for libel was begun yesterday In
the United States court against the American
baru Sonoma, by the crew, to recover $922 23
alleged to te due as wages for their se: vices
on the voyage irom Port Townsend to Vladi
vostok, Yo<"hnnift h.hi San Frmicisco.
FOOD COFFEE.
Americans and Their Money.
A late issue of the farmers' Union has
an editorial upon "Ciffee and Its Effect
on Health ant Public Interest." The
paper strongly urees upon the notice of its
readers the fact th.it America is draiued
of m.ilions of dollars annually to send to
foreign countries for a product that is one
of the prime causes of the increase in
nervous diseases in America to-day, and
states that a well informed physician on
stomach and nerve ailments has, after a
year's experiment, produced a delicious
beverage from American cereals, wheat,
etc., which has the exact color of high-
grade Java coffee and turns to the rich
golden brown of Mocha when cream is
added.
It is said to be less acrid and bitter than
the lower gradc-s of coffee, but has much
the mellow piquancy of the more expen-
sive crades of Java and the Arabian berry.
This grain beverage never produces the
unpleasant effect on heart or stomacb ana
liver that is all too frequently the case
with imported coff »c, and while it looks
and tastos like coffee the originator ex-
presses the wish that it be known as Pos-
tum Cereal, a food drink, and not as an
imitation of any other beverage — coffee,
tea, chocolate, etc. Tbe beverage is said
to become very popular with those who
find ii hard to digest coffee, and the chil-
dren can be served with ii as a liquid food,
pure and nourishing, while to them
it appears like berry coffee. Postum, it
seems, will go about three times as far as
30-cent coffee, and it is interesting to
know that the company at Battle Creek,
Mich., is working up quantitiea of wheat
and otHer American cereal? in its produc-
tion, and that the money thus expended
goes directly to the support of our Ameri-
can farmers. It is said to have found
great lavor with the wealthy classes for its
ab lity to "make red blood," and with
those who count the cost oi food because
of the economy and a marked improve-
ment in general health when used. The
gain to Am • rica by its general adoption
should be great.
There is but or:e genuine original Pos-
tum Cereal coffee, with a multitude of im-
tations offereu as "just as good."
JkII
DOCTOR SWEANY,
Who«e Reputation I« Established hr
Tun Yearn of Acknowledged SnooeM
. at 73? Market Street, Franclaoa.
BARTLETT_SPR» !
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
■ A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and / Rheu-
matic Troubles. •
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
Baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orches-
tra plays daily; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; houseKeeping cottages, $2 50 to
itfS per week.
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free. /
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CEUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
.Lock ted on a flowering slope from the beach.
' Unsurpassed view of
Beach, Bay and Mountains,
> A 1. .M0V FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music.
Reasonable Rates.
For terms address
JOHN T. SI LI IV Manager.
IS ft II ft XC 1 ii M °nt prp / conn-
N &l ■■ UEald ! I Oarhbad of
gg flllall^^U America - For
■■■•■■■ heKlth.rest.plens-
ore, climate, accommodations,', scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
cage treatment, banting and fishing, children')
playground, croquet and dance ball for families,
rnrnlso stands unsurpassed In the state- Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. U.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postomce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements toe
lat)6, address K. Koiih.KT*O>', Manager. .
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
■ . -■ . '. ■ a
Soda Bay, situated on ; Clear Lake, is most pic-
turesque. Spring is famon-i for the vast volume
of delirious so<iawater. Bunting, fishing, boating
and swimmlnK are -unsurpassed anywhere. Toe
table is Bupp. led with the very best the market
affords, and the comfort and welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Dally stage from Pieta to
Soda Bay direct. Fare from San Francisco $5 50:
round trip $10. - . ,
F. B. : Hi. * TH." proprietor, . Soda Bay, Kelsey-
Tllle, Lake County, Col. ■ ■ ?■
A If A nhA 1 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
VIfII I I \' ( o, only 41/2 hours from
■% 1% II II 19 • V a " »ancisco, an.l but 9
VllnUViV mites' staging. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and gen^rilly
conceded to be the finest natural bath water In me
Mate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express: well-stocked trout streams. Hound trio
from San Francisco only $5 50. • Take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. of 3:30 P. 11. Terms, $2 a day
or $12 a week. S
J. F. MPLGREW. Proprietor.
SEiGLER SPRINGS,
_ LAKE COUNTY.
rPHIP DELIGHTFUL W ATKKING-PLACE IS
x located In the mid-t of the (.'oast Range.
Abnn lance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge batns. large awiminiiiK-tunk of mineral
water, line stone dining-room: telephone con-
nections, electric - lights, livery accommodation;
good trout-tishlug and hunting. JKound-trip tick-
ets at S. P. offices, 10.
.. / ■ JOHN SPA TJLniNO, Proprietor. '
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
TpAVOBITE RESORT OF THK SLATE: THE
J? water is unexcelled fur medicinal purposes;
table unsurpassed: fine fishing an I hunting, state
daily from alistogu Uirec; tv springs: round trip
nt tout Hern Pacific offices $10. Sit. W. it.
PKA THE It, Adam Spring*
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
I A MILKS FROM UKIAH. FINK WISHING
1 " .and hunt inc. Baths free. Wiiter sure cure for
rheumatism and all skin diseases. Hound trip,
$9 60. Board. $7 per week. J. H. OUK, Orr Post-
office, Meudocino County, Cal. .-. '
LAUREL DELL,
"DLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAURKI. DELL
X Lake: new dlnlnc-room, new livrry stable. It
is now one of the most attractive outing places in
Lake County. I Kates f8 to f 19 p?r wee*. Boating
and thine free JMiu'.voui- bathing suits. ad-
dress H. WAMUOLD, iiertha P. 0,, Late vo.. Cai.
A New York boss printer relates that, like some other business men,
he is frequently hurried about his meals, and as a consequence has twinges
of dyspepsia. "Sometimes," he says, "there is a rising up of a sour,
watery substance" in the throat that is not pleasant. I keep a supply of
Ripans Tabules
now, and whenever there is any trouble I take one. 1 * To the inquiry
how he took it, the answer was given, "In a glass of beer." "Your
wife don't take them that way, does she ? " " No, but she sweara bj
ttam, though. She used to hare dyspepsia acd they eared her."
»
HIOHLIID SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Laks.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
New hotel erected this spring Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Finest dining-room north of .San Fran-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs in
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathln;;, boating, minting anil tlshtng;
swimming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc.
TAKM ST.* ATPIKTA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO,
Round trip from San Francisco $8.
Rates $10 to $16 per ween. .
. . J. CRAIG. Manager.
S. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery st. .
HOWARD SPRINGS.
P. 0. , Fatah, Lakn County. jA-: '
PENOVATKD AND IMPI'.OVKD: i ACCOM-
It modations and table service strictly firs" class:
$10 tosl2; special terms to families: postoillceand
telephone on premises: round trip $10: ticket;, at
Southern/ Pacific offices: '• tlt-est batlis In Lake
County. WALLACE SFAUL»IXG. Manager.
~GLEN BROOK,
ONE OF TUB MOST CHARMING RESORTS
in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and fish-
ing. Excellent table. For circulars and further
information address O. W. R. TEEDWAY, Glen-
orook. Lake County, Cal. - - ■
ACtUA CALiENTK SPRINGS HOTEL, SO-
noma Valley; 2 hours from San Francisco via
llbnroti ferry. i«. F. & N. P. K. R. : warm mineral
swimuiin^and tub baths; hotel completely remod-
eled, enlarged and h»ndsomeiv refurnished : water,
gas," electric bells ■in all rooms: $10 to $12 per
week, $2 perday. Address AmiaCallente springs,
Caliente, Sonoma County. CaL
GOOI> BOAt D ON RANCH, SUBURB-. OF"
Calistoga: plenty fresh est«s, batter chickens
and milk: .$« and .*7 ".tele; hot minera' baths fr*e.
MR!?. J. MONTGOMERY, Culistoga, NapaCo.,CaL
p KNTLKMAX AND WIFE CAN BE ACCOM-
i vJ mod. -i tea with summer board, with all the
comforts of a home; lxrge grounds and garden.
Address box 19, Menlo Park. ,
ANDERSON SPRINGS, LAKE j COUNTY,
-rl. open May 10 telephoiie connections; write
for circular Address J. ANPEUB-» - . MiddlPtown,
~~~ THE
WEEKLY
CALL
jO/ It Publishes the Cream of the
|gj News of the Week and --- •:
<=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o^ : ORIGINAL FEATURES.
|°\ IT IS THE BE£T WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE N
■J PACIFIC COAST
cJ ~\ / ~ t . "*
■ The Best \ / Mining
~j Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on / /\ Is Accurate
ca^ The Coast / \& up to date
<=^ Not a Line of it Sensational*
c< or Faky, and Not a Line. of ...
rJ it Dry or Uninteresting.
©C — Bright, Clean, A Champion of
i Thoughtful. ruth.
o( - =
0/ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
o< IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
Ij HOME MAIL, $1.50
<=X INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
o( THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLJURORS FOR
THE GREAT
FAIR CASE
Actual Proceedings in the
Trial Now Under
Way.
MANY OF THE TALESMEN
CHALLENGED.
Some Were Prejudiced, While
Others Were Too
Willing.
BOTH SIDES WITHHOLD THEIR
SELECTIONS.
A Grand Array of Legal Talent in
Court, A ! l Alert end Primed
for Battle.
The trial of what is doubtless the chief
issue in the great struggle over the mil
lions left by the late ez-Senator James G.
Fair— the issue involving Mrs. Nettie
< ravens' interests in the vast estate — began
before Superior Judge black yesterday
morning, with the important preliminary
work of the impaneling of a jury.
Judge Slack had moved his quarters
a^ain, using this time the courtroom of
Department 8, instead of his own, which
is now in the hands of a force of workmen.
It is understood, however, that as soon as
convenient, he will again hold his sessions
in the Supervisors' commodious chambers.
There was an immense attendance at
yesterday's session, indicating that the
public has lost none of its interest in this
celebrat-d contest.
The number of the attorneys retained
to represent the several interests involved
is so great they occupied the major por
tion of the space inside the railing, leav
ing little room there for visitors. Mrs.
Craven, accompanied by her daughter,
Margaret, was on hand early, and took a
seat immediately in front of tne jury-box
along with her legal champions, D. M.
Delma?, W. W. Foote, Judge Denson and
Mr. Brittain. ISome distance back from
tnese notable? were arrayed the attorneys
for the Fair children and attorneys repre
senting other interests involved, ail of
whom have combined to fight Mrs. Cra
ven's claims. Amone these were: Messrs.
Pierson, Knight, McEnerney, Mitchell,
Heggertv, Lloyd and Wheeler.
The particular issue that the jury now
being selected is to hear was the first
matter referred to when Judge Slack took
his seat yesterday morning and court had
been formally declared to be in session.
it was through a question asked by Mr.
I>elmas. That gentleman wanted the
court to elucidate on the point— that is, to
kDOw just what sort of a showing they
were supDOsed to make in court.
Judge Slack said he had thought that a
matter already understood.
"Your Honor's decision that we should
try the equitable i-sues is clear enough to
us," said Mr. Delmas, "but what we
would like to know now is just what issue
is to be tried. We want to know if vre are
to try the complaint of Miss Vir.inia Fair
in intervention as well as the other
issues."
"Not except bo far as the equitable
issues herein contained are concerned,"
replied the c^urt.
All hands then joined in the discussion
and it was finally settled by me court di
recting that the case be proceeded -with.
Twelve taletmen were then placed in
the jury-box, and Mr. Pierson ad<lre3sed
th«m. He said the case before them arose
upon an equitable issue 10 a cross com- j
plaint in ejectment. The property in
volved comprised a piece upon the corner
oi Pine and Sansome streets and another
on the corner of Twelfth and Mission
s'reets, both of which were claimed by
Mrs. Craven under deeds of gift from the
tat • Senator Fair. It was tne validity of
these deeds, he said, that was being dii
puted.
Mr. Pierson was about to bee in the ex- !
nniination of jurors when Mr. Delmas in- !
terrupted with the announcement that to I
bis side belonged the ai'irmaiive — that he
had the right to open and close. This pre
cipitated a short argument, which ended
in a ruling from the bencu against Mr.
Delmns' position.
ri. Borkheim was the rirtt member of
the panel examined as to his qualifica
>;ons to terve as a juror. In response to
Mr. Pier-ou's inquiries be proclaimed
himself to be a lair-minded man, and
thought be could try this case nicely.
Then Mr. Foote took hold of him, and
found out that Mr. Borkheim had exhib
ited suilicient interest in the Fair case to
a:iend n.e preliminary examination of
NoiarvJ. J. Cooriey. He declared, how
ever, that it was only curiosity thut look
him there, and that what h*- heard had
influenced him in no way at all.
Being Dressed on another proposition
the talesman acknowledged that he was
not pood at reading other oeople's hand
writing, but if taken aa a juror tie would
"do the best he could" when it came to
passine upon tbe disputed deeds.
Mr. Foote made short work of the gen
tleman when he handed nira a photo
graphic copy of the deeds held by Mrs.
Craven and asked him to read them.
Borkheim struggled with them manfully,
but had to give it up as a bad job. He
could not read them at all, so he was ex
cused by both sides by mutual consent.
At this juncture the court took the cus
tomary noon recess.
B. F. Garratt, the foundryman, was
taken in hand by Mr. Pierson when court
reconvened for the afternoon session, and
promptly gave it out that he was not
qualified to serve as a good juror.
He sa;d he had found himself greatly
interested in the romantic story of Sena
tor Fair's life and death and the struggle
for h s millions. He c.ad read nearly
everything printed in the newspapers
about the case and had expressed gome
very emphatic opinions botu at home and
at the foundry.
"Was that opinion such that evidence
would be required to remove it?" asked
Mr. Pierson. "
"I think so, as I still retain that opin
ion," replied the talesman.
Mr. Foote asked Mr. Garratt a few
questions, but they were of the pur
lunctory sort, as he was satisfied that the
foundryman would not do. Mr. Garratt
was challenged and Judge Slack sent him
away.
Rudolph Samson, an importer of Japan
ese goods, said in response to Mr. Tier
son's long string of questions that he
knew none of the parties connected with
the case. When Mr. Foote tooK hold of
him he confessed readily that he hud
formed an opinion so strong that he could
not rid himself of it, and therefore could
not be a:i impartial juror.
Mr. Foote's challenge had the effect of
severing the talesman from further con
nection with the trial.
Kichard C. Matteson, a Larkin-street
grocer, couldn't say that ho knew any
body concerned in the great case, and told
Mr. Footr he had read very little about
Senator Fair's estate — in fast, had not
botnercd himself about it at all and did
not want to. Naturally, then, he was
wholly unprejudiced and said he guessed
he would ruaKe a good juror. He knew of
no reason why he shouldn't. He had
never expressed an opinion about the Fair
case, neither had he ever heard anybody
express one.
There was nothing to do but to pass Mr.
Matteson. Unless he meets with a
peremptory challenge from either side he
will serve as one of the twelve wise men
who will finally pa3s upon the evidence.
H. B. Burlingame's responses to Mr.
Pierson's queries were affirmative only in
two instances. He had met Mrs. Craven
some lour years ago, when his son was a
pupil at her school, and was also ac
quainted with one of the gentlemen men
tioned by Mr. Pierson. To Mr. Foote he
! said he had read considerable about the
I case, but was quite sure he had not
I formed any definite opinion as to the
i merits cf any of the claim*, cor had he
ever expre>ted himself on the subject.
| He, too, was passed.
William A. Brown had read a good d-al
! about the case and had talked with people
I who professed to Know something about
it. Upon this he had formed an opinion
j that he was surs disqualified him from
| serving. No umount of questioning on
| the part of Mr. Pierson would gei him to
I say tuat he could cast his opinion aside,
so he was challenged by that attorney
! and was excused.
; ■ The examination of Louis J. O'Farrell
elicited the information that he could
j boast of no particular acquaintanceship
j with any of the people interested m the
I litigation. He knew some of the attor
, neya and litigants by sig^it only. But he
had read a good deal about tue d.velop
ment of the case and the trial of J. J.
Cooney, bin had not formed any clear-cut
■ opinion. Mr. O'Farreli thought he would
j make a fair, unbiased juror.
Mr. Foote had a few important ques
tions to ask the talesman, and wneu he
did he found out that tbe law firm of
• Knight & Heggertv had transacted busi
ness lor his brother, J. J. O'Farrell, the
: real estate dealer, who not long since
1 went into bankrupty. The talesman was
working lor his brother at that time. He
! declared, however, that personally he hai
! never had any dealings of consequence
i with the attorneys mentioned and was
certain he had never discussed the Fair
case with them. He also admitted an ac
quaintanceship with Attorney Heller, but
had not talked with him cither. Mr.
i O'Farreil w<is passed.
i Harrie C. Biggs of the California Ma
i chine Company had read all about the
case, and nad formed an opinion that it
would take very strong evidence to sbake.
He was promptly challenged and allowed
to return to his busine-s.
For similar reasons Patrick Boland was
Leading Characters of the Opening Day of the Great Fair Trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. APRIL 20. 1897.
excused. He did not believe he could rid
himself of the opinion he had formed.
Owen McHugh was another who-e mind
was in such a condition that he would not
do for a juror.
Sigmund Shoenberg, who deals in
tailors' iindings, had an opinion, too,
based upon what he had read and heard,
but it was not so pronounced and tixea
that evidence ruignt not change it. The
attorneys for the Fair children were anx
ious to retain Mr. Siioenberg on the panel,
and foucht against Mr. Foote's challenge.
The court decided, however, that the
talesman had clearly shown himself to be I
biased and allowed ihe challenge.
One of the most interesting examina
tions of the afternoon was that of S. G.
Hoag, a publisher of periodicals. Mr.
Hoae knew most of the attorneys in the
case— some by sight and others personal
ly — and also knew Judge Cooney. He
met the latter at a Republican meeting
during Hie last campaign.
"Do you know Mr. Dei mas, too?" asked
Mr. Pierson.
"(>h yes, quite well."
"How Ion;;''"
"Oh, ever since I met him at that cele
brated Stockton convention."
Mr. Foote inaugurated the good-natured
laugh that followed this remark and Mr.
Delmas joined in, too.
"Wore you a delegate to that conven
tion ?" asked Mr. Pierson.
"No, but 1 was pretty close in."
Mr. Hoag acknowledged frankly that he
i had kept wll posted on the Fair case by
| readiiiE the newspapers. He had formed
opinions, too, but they were so varying in
their nature that he scarcely knew where
| he stood at present.
"You see," he said, "I would read an
article one day and have an opinion or
impression until I would read something
else, and then 1 would have another. That
is the way it has been with ma right
along."
"Well, how do you stand now?" asked
Mr. Foote, smilingly.
"Give it up," replied Mr. Hoag, with a
hopeless shrug of his shoulders.
Both sides seemed to lite this talesman
andhe was passed without a challenge.
William Z. Tiffany, who is employed in
the auditing department of the Southern
Pacific Company, said he had conceived
quite an opinion and thought evidence
would be required to remove it. But the
attorneys on both sides rather fancied
Mr. Tiffany's appearances and passed him
for later consideration.
James P. Ford, a plumber, seemed to
fill the bill as regards the freedom of his
mind from prejudice, and was not too
well acquainted with the attorneys on
either side nor with any of the parties
vitally concerned in the outcome ot the
trial. He, too, was passed.
Levi Lasky, who said he owned exten
sive mining proiertias in Inyo County,
ciaimed he knew very little about the
Fair case. This was becau>e his inability
to bee well prevented him from reading
much in the papers. In answer to Mr.
Foote'i- questions, however, he said he did
not- think this would interfere with his
ability to servi.- as a juror. He tboueht he
could make a critical examination of any
documents that might be submitted to the
jury.
Mr. Foote jarred the miner by asKing
him point blank if it was not a fact that
he was anxious to get on ths jury.
Lasky sputtered for a moment and then
admitted that he was like Barkis in that
respect — he was willin'.
"Do you know what is meant by a pre
ponderance of evidence?" asked Mr. Foote.
"Oh yes, of course." replied Lasky.
"Well, what is it?"
The talesman got into a fearful mudd Ie
: and the spectators laughed uproariously
I at nis discomfiture. Judge Slack put an
; end to the would-be juror's misery by dis
missin.' him peremptorily.
isaacS. Rosenbauru, an insurance agent,
' coniessed to an acquaintance with Mrs.
j Craven, which had been formed through
, the artendance of one of his daughters at
■ her school. It was Hot a very intimate
! acquaintance, however. Besides Dr. Marc
j Leving ton and Attorney Foote he knew
; none of the people connected with the
'. case. He had read a good deal abo.it the
Fair estate compl cations, hut had formed
j absolutely no lasunc opinion. He thought
; he could try the case fairly and give an
impartial verdict, ao he was passed by
both sides.
The examination of If. J. Harrigan re
sulted in his being passed. He said he
| did not know any of the people in the
case. He had read what the newspapers
had printed about the Cooney case, but
had not formed any opinion.
This ended the proceedings for the day
and tbe examination uf talesmen will go
on again this morning.
France makes yearly 26.00u,000 pairs of
gloves and exports 18.000,000. In ton
years Great Britain imported 15,000,000
per annum, valued at £1,500,000.
DIVINITY HEDGES
NOT OUR JUDGES
Freedom of the Press Is
Not Yet Dead in
This City.
Jurors Think Candidates for
Places on the Bench May
Bs Criticized.
S. M. Shortridge, Attorney for Editor
Marriott of the News Latter,
Outlines tbe Law.
Frederick Marriott, editor and proprie- :
tor of the San Francisco News Letter, was !
yesterday called on in Judge Dainger
field'seonrt to defend himself upon the I
i misdemeanor charge of having libeled i
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard. The room was
thronged with interested spectators.
BL M. Shortridge, representing the de
fendant, asked permission of the court to
interpose a demurrer to the indictment, '■
saying that he believed the pleadings to !
be fatally defective. It that were true it j
would ba imposing a useleis expense on
the community to go through with a long
and in some respects a vexatious trial.
He thought it was within the sound dis- j
cretion of the court to hear the objections ;
to the indictment in order to save the
public treasury from an unnecessary bur
| den.
Attorney Juiins Kahn, on behalf of the
prosecution, insisted that the defendant
j bad made the offer of a demurrer too late.
j He urged a trial en the ismes framed.
Judg«* Dain^erfieid sided with the attor
neys for the prosecntion. He said, how
ever, that if the District Attorney is
doubtful in regard to the soundness of the
indictment now is the time for him to
speak.
District Attorney Barnes responded tbat
Prominent Figures at the "Jt'tsA of Editor Marriott in Judge
Daingerfield's Court.
he drew the indictment and felt great con
fidence in it.
Mr. Shortridge asked if there was not a
point in the indictment which caused him
to pause and doubt.
After a slight hesitation Mr. Barnes
said he supposed counsel referred to the
question as to whether the editorial in
question is really hbelous per se.
Attorney. Kahn made a brief reply, and
the court overruled the defendant's mo
tion.
The names of the jurors in the box were
then read as follows: Charles W. Welch, |
Thomas G. Taylor, R. H. Woods. Cuarles j
, Kane, Adam Wazner, John C. Anderson, |
A. If. Lawyer, Henry Klindt, James F,
, Doriand, K. Gampitz, John J. Engler.
District Attoruey Barnes read the indict
! ment, wbiefa sets forth the fact that last
October Mr. Marriott pubii-hed in his
paper, the ban Francisco News Letter, an
I editorial, of which the following is a copy :
A WORTHY .IfDr.F. FOKSn. iTIt!
In another part of tne News Letter appears
i an article signed by a committee oi thu Peo-
I pie's Home Savings Bank depositors, showing !
I adequate causj why Judge Hebbard should '
i not be re-elected. Tue statements made in i
: this terrible document will cause every honest
man to shrink from voting for a creature who
is therein clearly jirovcn to be an enemy of j
numerous widows and orphans, and morally |
liable for the loss of their little savings. Is j
, that the sort of a man to re-elect Judge? Not '
| fo. ln;elligent men will learn well the lesson j
| that article teaches, and will see to it that he
I is removed from tne liigh position he dis
. Braces. If tools are io be elected to the Judi- ;
car , the honest men had better get out of i
; the City. But it will be more natural for us to
relegate the tools to tho oblivion they so richly
I merit.
The publication of this article, Mr.
Barnes explained, could not in any event
be regarded as anything more serious
than a misdemeanor. If it could be shown
that the publication was unjustifiable in a
legal way then a conviction of misde
meanor wouid be asked for by the prose
cution.
The article referred to as having ap
peared -'in another part of the News Let
ter" was issued by authority of the com- !
mittee uf the People's Home Savings |
Bank and read as follows:
AN APPEAL TO VOTEHF".
Your attention is called to the fact that an
unfair and therefore unfit person— J. C. B.
Htbbard— solicits your ballot lor the position
! of Superior Jud<reat the approaching election.
: NSe cannot longer remain silent, since a &en-
I national paper has repeatedly misrepresented
lacts during the past lew weeks, by stating
that opposition to Hebbard came from persons
who wanted to loot the People's Home Savings
B>nk, when the truth is that those who object I
to him are the unfortunate depositors, who I
suffered by the looting.
Briefly, the truth is as follows: In May, 1894,
depositors in the Insolvent People's Home Sav
ings Bank organized und appointed a eom
miitee to look after their interests. Their fiist
efforts were directed toward securing a satis
factory board of directors. The exisiiug board
had been prohibited from meeting for any
purpose whatever by Judae Hebbard. Tne
committee secured the promise of a majority
of the board to resign. Judge Hebbard agreed '
that they might meet for the purpose 01 re- i
signing. The next day the Judge had changed ,
his mind. Why? Bet-nuse the men oi charac- I
ter se.ected by the depositors f' r the vacancies !
were not satisfactory to Hebbard's bosom
friend, the notorious James Aiva Watt, who de
sired to be tlie attorney nnd real manager of '
the bank. The appointment of a receiver fol- |
lowed. Any fair-minded man would suppose '
that when the savings of thousands of
widows and orphans were being dissi
ptted. an upright judge would apcoini I
a corporation of trust nnd responsibility, |
or a man of probity and ability to look
after their interests. Wuut did llebbard do?'
He appointed as receiver an incompetent, irre- I
sponsihlc political parasite, In the person of
John F. Sheenan.so that his friend Watt be
came the Httorncy and act.ye manager of the
bant. This action of Hebbard was overruled
by the Supreme Court, when he immediately
reappointtd Shechan on another similar ap
plication.
During the seven months following Watt so
manjp ila;ed ailnirsasto secure control of a
majority of the bank's stock, when Hebbard |
graciously dischnrges the' receiver and his |
bondsmen without a proper accounting to the j
court. A board of directors selected by Watt '
was then elected, aud Shechan nnd W«tt con
tinued in office as manager and attorney re
spectively, tuiu a blanket resolution passed
by the board approving the acts of
the receiver. During the eisht months
of the illegal receivership the sum oi $42,
--995 41 was disbursed. Receiver Sheenau and
Attorney Wati each appropriated hs his salary
the sum oi $500 per month. In addition large
sums were squandered in lees and junketing
trips. No less an authority thnn the Attorney-
General of the if:ate hits declared that tlie re
ceiver wns not lega-ly entitled to one cent of
compensation for such services.
In view of these facts the severnl thousand
depositors in the People's Home Savings Bank
believe that Judge Heboard more than any
NEW TO-DAY.
<H»innO r A'R'n Dr. Pin: *'* Patent Galvanic Chain Belt is positively guaranteed
i^iuuvr iijjTi JAiVJJ^. 10 be the most perfect electric beit now made In aly par. of tha
world, and Is as far superior to he cheaply p,oa»n up but exten.ive y advertised called eleciric bens
now on the m»rket 1s an i-.e trio light is fup-rior to that of .1 tallow caodie. For a first-class belt,
with all modern Improvements, at a Moderate Price, patronize au old-established and reliable firm,
ami you will thus nave no rfav>n to com i.iaiu of having been «wind ed out "of your money by un-
principled "quiets." Buy no be>lt till yon have seen Dr. Plerce's. Book Frkk. Call or add res i
1)14. Pl£K€r. & SON, 704 Sacramento at., cor. Kearny. or 640 Market St.. below Kearn*. baa
ITftnclsco., The following druggist* ar» agents: K. K. Gooiiccis, Sacramento; Holden Drug Co.,
Stockton, &ud ueoroe G. Mobkuxad, ban Jose.
-one else is responsible for the scandalous mis
management of ibe bank since its failure.
T. H. McCarthy.
E. P. Kendall,
'.Thomas S. Williams Jr.,
george b. conant,
Benjamin Lxcy,
A. L. casavaw,
K. H. Qualm an,
People's Home Savings B&hk Depositors' Com
mittee.
San Francisco, October 16, 189 G.
This was indorsed in large types with
the Jenend : "What the representatives of
the swindled depositors of the People's
J Home Savings Bank think of J. C. B.
I Hebbard. Substantial reasons why be
j should not be re-elected Superior Court
Judge of the City and County of San
Francisco."
Charles S. Welch waa the first talesman
submitted to examination as to his quali
fication to act as a juror. Mr. Barnes was
anxious to know if Mr. Welch knew Mr.
Hiiortriilge or C. B. Darwin or William
Beatty, who are associated in the case for
; the defendant.
Being reassured on that important point
Mr. Kahti ;>■ Ke<l the gentleman what he
', uioutrht about me privilege of a candidate
for office to be protected against adverse
criticism by the public press. Mr. Welch |
j said he thought writers ought to be given j
■ some latitude. He believed in the free- :
| dom of the press in a general way, but
. thought that there should be no license
I granted to publish outrageous statements.
Mr. Shortridge took nenriy au hour to
! ascertain tbe feeling of Mr. Welch in re
j gard :o libel cases in general, and particu- !
l lariy whether he thought that candidates
; for positions on the bench of the Superior
j Court shoul.l be treated more reverently
man candidates for any other office.
This special inquiry was objected to by
Mr. Kahn, and was ruled out.
Again Mr. Shortridge inquired whether
the proposed juror believed that any di
vinity hedges about a Juiijre. When an
objection was made to this Judge Dainger
field smiled and intimated that he would
like to know the gentleman's views on
that question, so it was drawn out that
Mr. Welch thinks that all citizens and
candidates outrtit to be treated substan
tially alike. He could not subscribe to
the theory that there is any divinity that
should protecc a Judee from criticism.
He ought to be passed on by voters just
as other mortals are weighed and con*ii
ere<l when ihey are candidates for office.
"If a litigant should think that he has
been treated unfairly Dya Judee, and that
the decision has been prejudicial to his
interests, do you think in such a case a
litigant nas a right to criticize the Jud_;e
verbally or in publication?" asked Air.
Sbortr dee.
No objection was made t.o this inquiry,
and the gentleman gave it as his idea that
a litigant ou^ht to b ■ permitted to make
such criticism, within the bounds oi rea
son, bui it was impossible to get him to
define the limit of such boundary.
So the inquiry proceeded in a sprightly
manner throughout the day.
In the afternoon Deputy District Attor
ney Walter Hinttle appeared to assist in
the prosecution, taking his seat beside
Judge Hebbard, who occupied a place at
the labie reserved for the attorneys for the
urosecution, and took notes of questions
and answer?, occasionally offering words
of rounsei and advice to ihe lawyers.
"Do you know Alvinza Hayw;ird,;James
Cross, administrator of the Hooart estate.
T. H. McCarthy, E. F. Kendal , Thomas
8. Williams Jr. and the oiher persons
who were indicted on a charge of libeling
Judge Hebbard?" was one of Mr. Kahn s
stereotyped questions.
On the other hand Mr. Shortridge want
ed to know if Attorney W. T. Baggett,
"who was mixed up in some kuni ot a
Haie & Norcross litigation," was known to
the prospective juror. Following this up
the same question was asKed in regard to
Attorney H. \V. Hutton, Attorney Henry
E High ton, Attorney James Alva Watt,
General John F. Sheenan, Colonel Georee
Stone, ex-City Counselor John A. Durs'.
ex-Attorney-Generai W. H. H. Hart, W.
M. Fox, Attorney Henry Eickhoff and
half a dozen more gentlemen, who were
by inference joined in the number of
those who are seeking to press the prose
cution in this case.
Incidentally It was developed that
jurors hold to the opinion that news
papers have a rizht and ought to be
privileged to criticize can lidates for posi
tions on the judtciul bench.
Ten jurors were examined and passed
for future consideration and action by
counsel. Proceedings will be resumed at
10 o'clock this morning.
Sudden Changes \
In the weather are a severe strain -
on the system, and do more to
break down the health than any
other cause.
Now is the time to fortify the
system against the changeable
weather of winter and spring by
the use of that strengthening stim-
ulant,
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey,
Which provides the body with a
stock of natural warmth and pre-
vents all diseases which arise from
imperfect circulation of the blood.
It restores vigor to the system,
quickens the circulation, and makes
the whole body glow with health
and strength.
All druggists and grocers keep it.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Tan A Coin
or <3s—A or
Ox- _^sC*-bJ Spare
BlOOd. ,^^M> ToeS|
$I.2S— OXFORDS-$1.25
This Is th" season of the year when the 1
Oxford Tie trade commences, and we are
prepared to give great values to our cus-
tomers. We have Oxford Ties in Tan or
I Ox-B'ood colors, and in Narrow Square or '
Narrow Coin Toes, with Hand-Turned
Soles, which we will sell for $i 1.35 per I
j pair. These ties sell reitularly for $2.00
per pair, but we realize that we must give
. extra Inducements to our customers.
rf *-" "I , RUSSET '■'■:
BUTTON,
Don't overlook our special sale of Chil-
dren's Tan spring-Heel Button Shoes, for
they are being sold cheap. Tuey wear and
look welt and are Just the thing for sum-
mer. '
Child's, sizes 8 to 101^.. $1.00
Misses', sizes 11 to 2 1.25
J JO" Country orders solicits!.
1 J*3T Bend for New Illustrated Catalog-is.
i;' ; -. Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third St., San FraooUoo.
druggist CATARRH
i or a geaerou ■2l^9?^^»'^K
10-CENT TRIAL SIZE il^a
ELY'S l&x Js^^jtik
CREAM BALM b<^B
Contains no cocaine, mer- ■ JfKkrX^i^^'
cury or any other injurious WKK^W^^^jf^Js^a ■
d Tt g opens and cleans the f.Af,!) \\ HFUft
Nasal rassages. Allays Pain vVWI •« \\U \\7
and Inflammation. Hens and Protects the Mem-
brane. Restores the Senses of Taste and Smell.
Is quietly absorbed. Gives relief at once. 50 Cis
at Drugeistsor by mall; Trial Size 10c. at Drug-
gists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St., New Yorlt
STeonGiGi^as:.;
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris Is tha
only remedy for restoring. strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
crea'e a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.59. ' For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
i""or sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy'
Building, Chicago. ."'7C*
I Coughs and Colds I
8 •
I! CAN BE CURED. t
i * v
i i If neglected they cause that dread dis- ( )
i „ ease, Consumption. +
(I '*%?} . - 0
i > ■ ■ ♦
| Dr. Martin's Pain Curer I
< > ♦
i < I Is a remedy that is unequaled. 0
I ♦ ♦
j i • Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle 9
\\ . ©
!} L. CALLISCH, 5
5 Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, 5
♦ . San Jose, Cal. '•• q
< [ For sale by all druggists. The trade ▼
i< ' supplied by Redington .fc Co.. Mack & P
I ♦ Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- ♦
I < ► Cisco. ' •
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
IS .A, POWERFUL APHHODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases ot
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restoratlva,
Invigorator and vine. Sells on its own -deriu;
no long-winded testimonials necessary.
•NAi.Ki:. ALls & I.IiLM,, Agent*.
323 Market St., S. *".— (bend lor Circular)
BuTvC.VmII 1;---'t. i'ii.:''.ea. C.pr.r.-H
B|HAYt*IUU Colored Spcts, Aches, 6ld Bor^B.H
■fleers in llonth, Hair-J-al.ir.p! 'Write COOKEw
■ur.ll£l)V CO., aO7 &iu«oulc Temple^
■ChicaKo, 111., for proofs of cure 3. < upl-VH
■Jtal, 5500.000. Worst cases cured in 15&3
Uto 35 day. 100-page booit free. -A
HDL HILL'S REIIfYIGORATOJi
Five hundred reward :or any in
cannot euro. THIS SECRET HE JJ.
IS uY. stops all losses :In ±i hours,
cures Emissions, itnpotency, Vario
cele, Gonorrhea, Gleet. Fits, stri*-
tures, Blood Disease aadallwmlua"-
effects of -elf Abase or JiicS
Sent healed. $2 per bottle THRtij
BOTTLES, $5; cuaranieed to cure any caaa.
DX HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITI/tST
• - ■■ _ »66 Broadway. OaldAnd, CaL
AD pnT«M aiseaocj aulcKijr tur»o. 6«a4 tm
OOOIC
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SVMMART OF THE MAUKtIi.
Coffee held mor-? firmly.
Wheat nti linn.
Feed Barley weaker.
Other Cereals dull.
Beans and seeds neglected.
Bran and Middlings arm. Hay weak.
Mew Potatoes lower.
Veg?ta .les sold off somewhat.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Strawberries cheaper.
Provl«ions unchanged.
Dried .Fruit dull.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs as before.
NO FOREIGN QUOTATIONS.
Yesterday was Easter Monday and a holiday in
England, hence no foreign quotations were re
ceived. _________
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fl?ui«^
at station Indicate maximum temperature for tb©
slays: those underneath it, If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtus,
Curing the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid)
lines, connect po!n 3 of equal air pre*sure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low
refers to' low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high in th« interior
and low along the coast, and tho Isobars extend
north and south alone th* coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low"- Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "bißh" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WKATKEK BUBKAD RETORT.
United States Department OF Agricul
ture, WKATHKK Bureau, sax FRANCISCO.
April 19, 1897, 5 p. m.— The following are the rain
falls for the past "4 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season.
Eureka, past 24 hours. .94, this Mason 48 98,
last season 42.43; lied Bluff, past 24 nours.2B,
this season 24.0.'. last season 17.66: San Francisco,
past 24 hours .04, this season 22,61, last season
17.38: Fresno, past 24 hours brace, this season
10.53. last season 5.09: San Luis Oblspo. past. 24
hours trace, this season 20 71, last season 16.88: Los
Ange es. past 24 hours trace, this season 16. 74, 1a5t
season 8.83: San Diego, past 24 hours .00, this
reason D.6H, last season 6.80: Yum a, past 24 hours
.00. this season 5.35, last season .88.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
67. minimum 51, mean 64.
\V rattier conditions and general forecast:
The depression which was central last evening
in Western Washington ami Nevada has moved
southeastward into Utah. Rain has fallen from
lenral California northward to British Columbia
and eastward to Idaho, the largest amount being
repined from Kureka. where .84 of au inch has
fallen. The pressure Is tiring rapidly alon/ the
Northern California coa*t, which will probably le
sult in fair weather and brisk to high northwest
wind in Caiiforniu Tuesday, Cool weather pre
vails throughout the entire region west of the
KocKy Mountains.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight, April 20. 1897:
Northern Caiiiornia— Fair lursday; brisk tofhigh
northerly wind: a moderate norther.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh north
west wind.
•Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utah — Fair, cooler Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Sa i Francisco and v.cinity — Fair Tuesday; brisk
northwesterly wind.
W. H. II a muds-, Forecast Official.
NETY YOltK MARKETS.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 19.— As the foreign
mar* ets were closed on account of Easier Mondny,
tlie declaration of war fell with especial violence
on the local stock market. Opening prices showed
some ramarkable declines: l\' s in ->t. Paul, 2 in
New York Centra!, 1 in Lake Shore an 1 so on
through the list. The absence of ob'.e orders and
foreign quo:atlons caused uncertainty and dull
ness. The afternoon, markets were a continuous
decline, In the course or whicn t:.e lowest level of
the day was reached. Government bouds w<re
moderately active, with prices fractionally lower.
There was a fair business in railway bonds, with
Hie tendency of prices downward.
Earsilver $ 62
ttenißg on London, 60 days 4 87 Va
Sterling on London, sight 4 89
V. S. is. registered 9d 50
V. S. 4'a, new 123 50
I*, S. 4's, new, coupon 124 50
V. S. 4's 11l 75
TJ. S. coup 112 '0
U. a. 6'« 113 25
V. H. 6's, coupon 114 ao
W.HEAT- 10:S0 Jl:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
liny 831/ iB3 81 Vi 81% 81' A
Jui/ — 82% BJ-1/4 »j7/ 8 80%
September 80 80V» 78 788/ 78Vi
The breaking out of war in Southern Europe
put the wheat market In a state of feverish ex
citement this morning. Long before the opening
crowds of brokers were ou hand uiacosdng the
■ It nation. The curb price for May wheat was
Bii6, B r, an advance of lie over Saturday's 1 o'clock
fi.ur.'S As the market opened the scene in the
exebanze became one of wild excitement. Ami 1
the tremendous tumult May wheat, which started
at B '2 Vic, jump to a 33/ B e.
Bp>t, dull, no sales: f.o.b. afloat, No. 1 Northern
epr nj;, New York, M*4c; No. 1 Northern spring
Duluih, «7^4c: No. 3 uard winter. 81 y 2 c; No a
hard winter, 833,ic. Future closing. May. 81 ' A
c y, 80% c: September, 7hJ^c; Decemi>er, 8u«/ic
FLOUK— Prices aavanced 10c to 25c in sym
pathy with the sharp rise or wbt-at. Buyers held
off, however, and trade was qnit-t.
GRAIN FREIU.UT3-.New York to Liverpool.
by steam, 2%d.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard. Prime. $4 4'2Vi.
-Mess. $9^9 50.
TALl.OW— Quoted at 314 c.
KUTTEK— Western Creamery," 17c.
Western, BVie»Bi^c.
BUUAR— Cuba, ct-ntriiugal. 3 9-32 c.
HIDEb-l«%c.
Dried Fruits.
RAlSlNS— California raisins are in poor de
mand and easy. Layers are quoted a. 6c; loose
&%88c: 50- lb boxes, 23. 4 c: crown, 4(i5534c.
CURRANTS— AreL quuied at 4Vn®4i4" in bar
rels and 4V<l@4^>c in cases; cleaned but*. 6Vi@oc
canons, o(o.T-i/;c.
PRUNKS-California, 25- lb boxes, 4®7Jac; 50 Ib
boxes, 83£07 c. -._«••»». *>
APRlCoTo— California, boxes, 9^lsc; bags, 8
Ollc.
PEA CUES- California nnpeeled bags. 6aBV a 2"
boxp«. 7Vi©9Vs|C: pee.tKl, X'Ji^lDc. "
DaTKs— Persian, 60-lb boxes, 2%@4V4c: card
boxes. 4%@5c; cases, s%<aUc.
Fiiifs— iaucy ordinary, tiVifelOc; fancy wa»h«d,
2i@24c.
CITRON-Fancy, boxes, ll@l2iAc.
ALMONDS— SheIIed. lU^.9c-
WALNUTS— California standard, CiAc; soft
shell, 8c
STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Opening. Closing.
American Sugar..... fill 25 $110 my*
American Sugar Pfd..
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leide&dorff St., Tel. Main IBS*.
CENTBA I. OFFICE - .
MS Market St., Palace Hotel. Purly & Atkinson
Managers. Tel. Main 6144
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (ad jolninc Grill
Koom). Tel. Main 10 91. '
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market «v*
tatlone. Bcfereace Ist National Bank. aT 1"?
CKiCAOa JPJUV AIifi WWX. HJEV? YOftK
American Tobacco 70 76 70 87 V»
Aaierican Spirit Mfg Co 1100 1100
Atchison 9 M) 9 37%
liny sthte Gas 8 12\%
Canadian Piuillc 41 00
Central Pacific. — -
Chicago i;a5.....' 80 bO 79 87%
C. B. <t Q 70 60 69h7^
Con. Gas 15900
lordage ■
<"ordage Pfd
Denver <& Rio Grande Pfd. 36 00 36 00
Delaware & Lackawana
Erie 1150 1175
General Electric 30 00 30 60
Hocking Va ley
Jersey Central 76 00 7ti 50
Kansas * Texas. Ptd •-'5 87% i! 660
Lane Shore 164 00 163 00
Louisville .v .Nashville 4125 40 62%
.Mat) Hawaii Con 83 6J hS 50
Missouri Pacific 14^7U| 14 76
National L.-ad
New Haven _^_
New York & New England. — — ' '
New York i>nitil 97 00 97 12%
North Pacific 1162% 1125 '
North Pacific. Pfd 33 76 33 37%
Northwestern „ 10176 10200
North American. '.... 3 76 8 75
Oregon Navigation 1 .00
Oregon Navigation, Pid.... 40 00
i'aci tic .Mail 26 25 26 25
Pullman 157 00'
Quicksilver (Con Exehn^e). 100 0 1
Ruck Island 61 «>0 6100
Reudlug. 1/,5'J 17 37%
eouihern Pacific IS 7.'>
Si. Paul .: 70 75 69 37y a
Texas Pacific. 8 00 X 00
Tennessee Coal <fc 1r0n..... 20 76 19 50
Union Pacific 4 60
U. >-. Leather 6 SO
U. S. Leather, Pfd 53 37% 6300
Western Union 80 25 80 12%
Wabasb, Pfd
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 19.-The war news sent
the wheat market skyward to-day. May wheat
went as high as 7*<c at the opening trading on ex
change, an advance of 4 14 over the closing fig
ures of Saturday, and 85 8 c over the lowest price
touched that day. Fluctuations are violent. The
price is going up and down "c.
In the last anarler of an hour the trading mar
ket seemed to stagnate, and May options did not
get more than a/ 8 o away to either side of 76c,
which was the clu.si.ig price.
WHEAT— 9:80 J0:00 10:80 11:00 11:30
Ma > - J2% 7BV 3 76V8 743; 7 4 8
July 77Vs 7tt% 755, i 74vl "414
September 76 74s /# 73 71^ 71^
12:00 12:-0 1:00 1:16
Aorll 76
May 751/8 7&3/g 751/ i 76
July 75 75Vs 74 i/ a 76
September 7-'% 72% 72%
BARLEY-24@34C.
CORN— April. -J4S/ 8 c: May, 24&.C.
OATS-April, 17c; May, 17% c.
RYE— 3S". 7Z
FLAX- 77V"C
TIMOXHY-Vi 70. .
Produce.
PROVISIONS-Were indifferent to the grain
markets. There was an advance early In toe day
due 10 large buying by outsiders. Packers were
heavy Kellers. Prices receded, closing slightly
lower than Saturday. Cash market unchanged.
Pork-April, $8 47: May, $8 47. Lard — April,
$4 20; iluy.fi 20. Short ribs-April, $4 75; May,
$4. 75.
TTKR— J'arlcet steady at %c decline. West
ern creamery, lt>V 2 c. Receipts 3300 tubs.
EGGs—Steady at unchanged prices with light
receipts. Western, BV*c- Receipts 5200 cases.
Livestock.
HOGS-Lfgit, *3 95(34 17%; mixed, $4(34 20:
heavy, $3 70@4 80: rough, *3 7O@3SJ. Market
active. Rece.pts 27.000: packers bought 19. 610
shippers 6500; left over 2500. Estimated receipts
to-morrow 20.000.
CATTLE- Reeves, $3 90@5 60: cows and heif
ers. $2 05@4 45; Texas steers $3 40@4 40: ituck
ers and leed-rs, $3 45@3 50. Market weak at a
decline of 10(<415c- Receipts 19,000. Estimated
receipts to-morrow 3500.
JsHEKP— Native sheep, $3@5; Westerns, $3 80
@5: lambs, $3 75@6. Market steady. Receipts
25,000.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4871*
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 HH".
Sterling tables _ 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
line silver, per ounce. — 62
Mexican Dollars 49% 60
■ •»
PKODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago has been advancing for sev
eral ays and futures here are about 6c higher la
consequent-*, but as it is a hoi. day in England the
shippers refuse to do anything until quotations
from there are resumed, hence there is no business
in spot erain. Quoted at $1 17V a 22Vj ?l ctl for
common grades, $1 26ffil 27^ for average No. 1,
$1 30 for choice and $1 35@1 40 » ctl for extra
choice milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssios— 9:l3 o'clock— December—
10,000 c is. $1 19. 6^oo. $1 19»A: 14,001). *l 198.; ;
4000, ?1 iO: i2.C00. $1 1..T. 8 * 2000, ?ll?s'v
10.000, $1 193/,; 4000. »1 19V»- May - 4000
$1 •J«V 2 : 4!>00, *1 hO
*ixroNi> >kssion— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 28%. De
cember— >-000. $1 191/4; 10,0 JO, $1 15JJ, , 6000.
fl 19; 80UJ $1 191/2
--j Hkgulak Morning Skssion— May— 4ooo ctls,
?: 2 V*: 2000. $1 27. December-22,0005l 18Vf,
2000. $1 i»l 8 ; 6000. 51 183/g.
Afternoon Session— becemter— lo 000 ctls,
$1 18y 8 : 20.000, «1 18 : ' 4 : 2000, $1 19Va: 22 00U
$1 19 V«; 20 000. *1 193^. •
BAJhLEY — Ftea Is her weaker at 6:ffl7li/ic;
Brewing remains nominal.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls esi^.
Skcond session— No sales.
liKnrLAR Morning Skssion— No sales.
AFTERNOON' t«BSSION—>O Sales.
OATS— Du.l, but steady. Milling, $1 15@1 20
V, Ctl: Fancy Feed. *1 25@1 30 ft ctl: common
White, »I@l 10: cood to choice, $1 12iy4<ai TtVm:
Black for feed, 95c@$l 05; Gray, si lo@l 17Vq-
Surprise, $1 35@1 40 ft ctL Clipped Oats sell $1(»
2 per ton over tueraw product.
CORN — Previous prices 'rule. Large Yellow, 80
@S2y c V ctl: small Bound do, 97% c; White 80
©85c v* Ctl.
7Viß@B2i^c ii ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 15©1 25 f* CtL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net <ash prices are: Family extras,
f*7s@4Hs; Bakers' extras, $i 60@4 65; Super
tine. $4@4 35 V bbl.
COKNMKAL, ETC.-Feed Corn, fl7 S0@18;
Cracked Corn, fl8(«19 ft ton.
MILLOTUFFS— Prices in sack* are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: (irabam Flour $2 85
V 100 lbs: Kye Flour, f 2 50 100; Kice Flour,
t* 75: Cornmeal, f 2«52 if>: extra cream do, »2 75,
Oatmeal, f 3 50; Oat Groats, $4: Hominy f3 iO«J
3 30; tsuck wheat Flour, f3 25@i 50: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, f4; Wholewheat Flour
t--.; liollea oats (bbls). f4 75@5 16: Pearl Barley
S3 75©4. Split Peas, f3 50; Green do, f4 lb » 100
HAY AND FKKDSTUPFS.
Bran and Middlings are quoted firm and Hay
well:.
BK AN— SI33I3 50 for the best and $12012 50
> ton lor out ide brands.
MIDDLINGS — $17@18 for lower grades and
$18 60019 V- ton for th.- best. «™»« »"«
tEEDSTUFFs — Rolled Barley, *15@16 60
r.iicake Meal at the mill, $26 60 "3 ton; Jobbing)
$27 50.
HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat. $7®
JO; Oat, f 6@B 50: Barley, 96 60@8: Alfalfa, $6
@7 50; compressed, $6@9 50: mock, S6(£ti: Clo
ver, $6&8 %* ton.
BTKaW-25«50c * bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
These articles continue very dull.
BEANS— Bayos quoted at $1 76©1 93; Small
Whites, Slf<»i 20 per ctl; Large Wnltes, $I@l 20
* ctl: Pinks. $1 05461 "0; Reds, $1 10&1 20-
Blackeye, »1 60©l 70; Red Kidney, $2@2 60- Li
mm. $1 00 ',; CO; Butters, f 1 26@1 50: Pea. 91 10
@1 25.
»EKDB— Brown Mustard, $2 50<a2 75: Yellow
Mustard. *1 50 'ft ctl; Flax. SI 60 » ctl; Canary
be.d, ia 4 ®^i /4 c * 1b: Alfalfa, 6V*c; Rape, 2y a @
2»/ 4 c; Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 4y»c. * wl: Ureen<
DUIKD HKas- Mies, $l@'l 20 « ctl; Oreen,
$1 25ral 40 «i ctL
TOTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
New Potatoes are weaker. Onions are unchanged.
Tomatoes are out of market. Asparagus, Peas
and Rhubarb are lower.
POTATOES - New Potatoes, l@2c *» !b:
Sweet Potatoes, $i@l 75 ? ctl; Early Hose, 60®
75c *«!; River Kedg, 70@80c; Burban* Seed
lings, 6U(a6Oc %* ctl for Rivers and 60(a80c for
Pe;alumas; Oregon Bur ban 65c@$l 10
ONlONS— Oregon*. *•' 25< * 3 75 * ctl. ' Cot On
ion*. «1 26@1 75 * sack. Nevada i *3 65. Aus
tralian Onions jobbing at Ss@:> 50 yi ctl. -
VEuETABLtS-Recelms were 1659 btxes As
paragus. 516 boxes Rhubarb at d 1017 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers quotable at 60c@$l 25 a
2? Z :^V." r *' us - 75< @' !1 26 » box for common,
♦1 5 o^l S.l or n chOiC «' and *-' * box for fancy
Khubarb, 2£@joc or ordinary and 78c<a$l for
choice large; Marrowfat quash. $6@7^toa-
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc » tb; Green reas74oc@ai *
sack; Los Angeieg t-tnng Beans. 6ffl«c V ».•
Drie.! Okra. B@9c » |b; Cabbage. 75f<$85c » ctl-'
Carrots, 25@30c 9 sack: Garlic, li£@2c f< ib. '
BUTTtK, Cm i;s| AND )(><.s.
BUTTER— The market Is stationary.
Ckf.am KßY-Fa ncy • creameries, 13@13i^c; sec
onds, lL'ol'..'U,c * &>.
Uaiby— Choice to fancy, 11©12 c » tt>; lower
grades, B@luc.
Pickled— l3i/>@] 4c «i Ib for new.
Firkin— ft lb for new.
Cbkakkby Tub— New, 14c 9 lb. - '
" CHKKSK— Choice mild new, b' 2 (a,7r f» lb: com
mon to good, 6i£&tic: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Youn* America, 7@Bc; Western, lie; Eastern,
13@15c $ lb.
i-.Uu S- Prices are unchanged. JRanch Ka^i, 11 Vi
©12c. store Eggs, lOQllo » dozen; Duck Eggs,
14c $ dozen. ■ .'
THESAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POCLTRY-A car of Eastern sold at 15c for
Turkeys. $6 for Ducks, f 1 60 for Geese, $5 50@
t» fur Hens, $7 50 for your Roosters and 4SO
for o d Roosters. Two cars more will be ottered
W.^du sday.
There were practically 10 receipts of local
Poultry.
1-1 ye Turkeys. lS@l6c for Gobblers. ie®l7c for
Hens: Greae f% pair, 81 50@2: Goslings. ?2@
2 50: Ducks. *4(g,5 for old and $Ha.7 50 lor
young: Hens. *4<&5 50; Roosters, young. >7(*B 60:
do, old, #4(a4 SO: fryers, f 6(aß 60; l.roilers, 85©
6 lor large and S3(g4 50 for small; Pigeons, 91 76
©2 & doz for young and $1 60 for old.
GAME— Hare, nominal: Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOCS AXP « ITi-.US FKCITS.
Strawberries are cheaper. Oranges show no
change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. 75c * drawer for large and 1126
for small.
Apples. «I@2 ■& box.
CITItUS ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $2@3 60 ft box; Seedling*, $I©l 50 «l box;
Mediterranean Sweets. SI i,.(«l 60 %* box: Lem
ons, 75c(£$l 26 ior common and $1 60@2 25
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, »5»6 %> bjx;
California Limes, 75c@$l * bx; Bananas, Sl@2 ft
bunch; Pineapples, $2^)4 r doz.
DRIED FKUITS, KAIsIXS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4@5i r i,c Ib; fancy, 6c ft ID: peeled,
7«iillc; Aprico «J®Bc; Jioorparks. 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, i>@sy a c: sun-dried, L@3c-
Prunes. 2@2i/ 2 c for the 4 sizes: white *lgs, 3c;
Plums, 4(a,4i,^ tor pitted and l@l%c for unp.t
led: Nectarines. 3%@5y 2 c?» lb for p»lme to fancy:
Pears, 2 @4c for whole, 2i>@sc for quarters and
li®'C for halves.
RAISIN b—
Four-crown, loose. 6'4c: S-crown. 41/ic; 2-crown.
SS/ 8 c 1* It; seed ess sultanas, s<S,si/2C; seedless
Muscatels. 4y 3 c; 3-crown London layers, *I@l "-'S;
clusters, «1 6U; Dehesa clusters. *^ 60; Imperial
clusters, $2 60: dried grapes out.
NUTS-Cbesmuts quotable at 8@10c; Walnuts.
6%@<c ft, for standard and 9®9Vic * lb for
softshell; Almonds, 6@6V.c for l^nguedoc, a®
3y 8 c for bardstieh and B@9c * Ib for papersheli;
Peanuts, 4@6c •$ lb for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, : 1360 ft Ib; Pecans. 7V»®
8c 1* tt>: Filberts, 7y_>@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7V»<Si'«i":
Cocoa 11 ts. $5©5 60 %* 100.
HONK Y— Comb. 10@12% for bright and s®9c
tor lower grades; water-white extracted, 6©5y 2 c:
lisht amber extracted, 4Vj@43, 4 c; dark umber,
4(314 V 2 o; dark, 2@3c V ft.
BEESWAX-22@25c * tb.
PROVISIONS. tjtsJ^r
No further change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7'/ 3 cV ft, for heavy, 8c
tb for light medium, »c for li.-ht. 10c ii Ib
for extra lljht and 12c %i Ib for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12y a c f» Ib: California
Hams, lie t* Ib: Mess Be«f, $9 9 bbl: extra
mew do, $9 60: family do, $H)@10 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 50; extra clear. $14 V- bbl; mess,
$12 %* bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c ft lb.
L ill) — Eastern tierces are quoted at B^ic for
compound and o%c for pure: pails. 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4V ? c for compound and . r >i/4>c for
pure; half-bbls, 6y 2 c; 10- lb tins, 7c; do 5-ib ~7V*o.
COTTOLEN'E— oc in uerces and 78i©8ysc in
10- ft) tins
j HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. Be: me
dium, 7c 1* Ib; light, 6Vi@7c; Con-hides. 6Vi@7c;
I Stags. 6c: salted Kip, O.a7c %* lb; salted Calf, 7(«8c;
! salted Veal. 6@7c: Cry Hides. 12y2@13c: culls and
Brands. 9 V»(al oc tb: dry Kip and Veal, 9@loc;
dry Calf, j 6c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, '_'ora;:<sc euch ;
Kids, be; Deerskins, good summer. 25c V tb;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; sheepskins, shear
lings, lO^C-Oc each: short wool, 2f>(a4oc each;
medium. 4()^soc each; long wool«, 60ftil75c eacn:
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2*4000 %* tb; No. 2,
2 c; refined. sc: Grease. 2C ?4 tb.
WO»>l.— Spring clip is quoted as follows: Moun
tain. ll@l4c f^ ft): Foothill, 10@12y3C; miii Joy
quln, year's clip, 7@loc; do, seven months, B<*llc
ft Ib: Nevdas, l()(^14c; Eastern Oregon. 7@loc.
HOPS— ti'&bc for fair to choice and 10c ft &
for fancy.
GENERAL MtRCUANDISE,
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 6»4c: June-
July delivery. ss,^o; ban Quentin, $540; Wool
Bags. 24(827c.
COAL— Wellington Is quotable at $8 1* ton;
New Wellington, $8 per ton; >outhtield Welling
ton, $7 50 * ton: Beattle, $5 50 %* ton: Bryant,
$5 50; Coos .Hay, .$4 75 %l ton: Wall send, $7
«4 ton: Cumberland, 813 50 •& ton in bulk and 15
in sacks: Pennsylvania, Anthracite Kcg,fll<i6l2 %i
ton; Welsh Anthracite, fS&lO: Catuiel. $8 '■$ ion:
hock springs, Castle Gate and I'leasanl Valley,
$7 60: Coke. $l}(g.!2 in balk andsl3 ft ton Insk's.
COFFEE— C. k. Bickford's circular says: 1m
decline in 1 razil Coffee in New York appears to
have been checked, temporarily at least, on the
14th inst when No. 7 spo; Hloi reacted from itie
lowest quoted price of 714 c and sustained an ad
vance of '/2 C l " a days. The effect nere has been to
impart some variable feeling of confidence In the
situation as a whole, but more directly calling the
I attention of buyers to the relative cheapness of
I >alvadors, which have through a com tuna. lon of
I circumstances followed the general <!•< line of Cof
i fee more closely than any other variety. While
no actual advance has occurred in this description,
all offerings to be had 011 the basis ot the existing
auotatlon of 12Va c were taken yesterday and to
day to the extent of nearly IOjU bags. At the
close the market is firmly held at 12yjc, but wltu
out sales. It the present advance is maintained,
dealers show some Intention of buying more freely
of <>uaiemalus and Costa Klcas than lias been
their policy heretoforh. At no time since the be
ginning of the depression have prices for these
Korts been in harmony with the downward move
ment, and the first step toward securing a healthy
market must be to readjust values to conform
w.th the actual condition of the staple everywhere.
To-day 's stock consiits of 10,164 Costa Klca. 6M
I Nicaragua, 7274 Salvador, 12,077 Uua ema!aa and
I 3000 Mexican— in all 3/.196. as against 19 184
same time last year. Steamer Acapuico la due
about April 23 with 5500 tats. During the past
two days a few sales ana proposals to sell would
indicate to-day's prices about as Jo.ows:"
Costa Rica— l7@lßVvc V- Ib for pood to prime
washed: 16@16»ic for T good; lS@ls»ic for good
mixed with black beans: 14@14%c lor fair; 8 l '2'<}i
13c nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l 61 Sc for good to prime washed ;
15^160 V* tb for fair washed: 3 Stifle ft It, for
good to prime washed peaberry; isolate for
superior unwashed; I2i£c for ijoo'i unwa»h«d;
16i^l for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
(iCATKMALA AND Al IfAN — lb@l 9 ' -.<■ ~f> tt> for
prime to strictly prime washed; 1 6(0,1 73,ic for
good to strictly good washed; 15@163ie for fair
washed l;i@l4" /4 c for medium; ii»fn}l2i. 2 c for
ordinary; H(gti3 /A c for inferior to common ; 19@
ly Vi;c for good to prime washed p«aberry; 16©
I6V2C for good to crime unwashed pe»b<*rry.
SUGAK— The Western Sugar Reriulnc Company
quotes, terms net cash: » uhe and Crushed »nd Fin*
Crushed. 6c: Powdered, SVaC; Dry Granulated,
4%c; Confectioners' A, 4"/ c: Magnolia A. 4V,c;
Kxtra C, 4"/ 8 c: Golden c. 4i/4<" Candy Granulated,
6c: half barrels i^c more man barrels, ana boxes
Vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF- First quality, 6c: second do, 6@5VaC;
third do, 4@4V 2 c '«i lb.
VEAL— Large. sr*6c; small, 6®7c a lb.
MUTTON— Wethen, 6%486c: twes, 5c 9 lh.
LAMB-Sprirjg, 6V @7V2C %i II).
PORK- Live Hogs, 3Vac for large and 33^(3
4c for small and medium; soft iioga, Sl>!4aSc:
dressed do, 6®6yjc.
KiXliiri.-j OK FROUUCK.
roK 72 HOURS.
n«nr. or «lr« ... 85,607 Butter, ctlj...^. 1,234
Washington... 3,340 Cheese, cut,. 2sß
l)«, Cli*. 3. l7u|KKgs, co». *""" 740
Barley, ctla... — . 8,340' Hides, no '** 1,419
Oats, ctls. 230 Pelt*, bdls. ...„ 2.028
Corn, 1,665 Wine, gals. ...^. 115.600
Rye, ct15.. ....... 725 Wool, bis 2 349
Bean*, tits....^. 2.64*1 Oregon 66
Potatoes, »*•.._ <J,059 l^aiuer. r0115.... 267
Oregon 175 Lime. bbis _ b54
Onions. •!«..„_. 3551 Flaxseed, sks 81
Buy. tons _ 1,46;. Broom Corn. bu. 170
Straw, ton*. «is l Chicory, t bit f>o
.5 n * *"" 6,34t Q.ucKauver. llslcs 104
Middlings, «j... 1,5i:3 i allow, ctls.... „ 12S
•
THE STOOi MARKET.
1 —— — __
Con. Cal. A Va. was the active stock yesterday,
Bellini; up to 52 05 la the afternoon wl:h large
transactions throusnout the day. The other stocKs
were generally firm in sympathy, mi i sales were
more active all along the line. The closa was
stiff.
official returns of the ore worked and bul
lion produced for account of the Coo. Cal. & Va.
mice at the Morgan mill on tbe recent run have
been received. The lo;al amount of ore worked
was 540 to us and 1890 pounds, yielding bn lion of
the en ss value of 5f15,1-4 60, or whlci $6626 99
was cold and 99497 81 was silver. The yield In
bullion per too averaged *27 93, and the average
as<ay value of 'he battery sample* of the ore was
$37 79 per ton. The average assay of the railroad
car samples was 944 76 The yield per cent was:
Gold. 8 >.9O: silver, 64.14.
Weekly reports from the mines are as follows:
Consolidated California and Virginia mine. 1000
level— The east crosscut s'.arted irom the north
drift from the Con. Virtciuia shaft on .his level at
a print -200 feet north from the station run been
advanced 22 feet: passing through porphyry
showing clay separation* and lines of gypsum:
total lengch 230 feet. 1550 level— From the top
of the double compartment mc.me upraise 68 feet
on the stope above this level the north dritt has
been advanced along tbe foul wall 20 feet; parsing
throug ■ porphyry, ctay and quar z, assaying from
$2 to $20 per ton: total lrnstu 70 feet. The lower
half of the face shows a stream of ore 1 foo: wide
assaying from 940 to $50 per ton. from tills
north drift at c point 17 feet, in from the mouth
the east crosscut has been adv.. rice. l SO feet;
through pot pbyry, cay and streaks of quartz,
assaying $1 to per ton; total length 40 f*et.
16&0 level— Fr< m the ninth floor south drift, at a
point 203 fee. In from Its mouth, from Hie upraise
eight feet above the bill floor from the end of the
north drift we have upraised in quartz sevrn feet,
assaying from *2 to (9 p*r ton. From Incline up
raise 1 at a point 60 feet above the sill floor of this
level the noun drift has been advanced two feet
passing through porphyry aud quartz assaying $3
per ton; total length, 64 feet. , In . the lace of the
drift there are some narrow streaks of ore assay
ing from $30 to *40 per ton. Moil of the wee*
has been s. ent in retlmbering the drift. One hun
dred feet north from incline upraise 1 incline ui>
raise 2 h-s been carried up on the lootwail 20"
feet, passing through a quartz formation assaying
from ifl t i$ 14 |it ion; total h?lsht, 39 feet. The
old east crosscut started from the nor h drift, 200
feet north from the Con. Virginia shaft, on ibis
level, which was reopened two years ago a dis
tance of 66 feet, and which forms a part of our
drift connections with the C. and C. shaft, has
been further reopened :-4 feet, passing through
a quartz formal ion assaying from $1 to 93 per
ton: total length 114 feet. Nooreh«s beeu ex
tracted from the mine during the week. We have
shipped to the Morgan mill during the week P4
tons and 1450 pounds of ore, unsaying per railroad
car samples *42 60 per ton. '1 he average assay
v»lue (per battery samples) of all ore worked at
that mill in rinsing the run (136 ions and IH9O
pounds; was $34 84 per ton. .bullion shipped to
Carson Mint (c eati hi) assay value $15, SO.
lv the mine on the 1000 level west rrjss
cut 2 is in 551 feet, '1 he Jace Is in harder por
plijry. showing s ams of day i-nd lines of quartz.
In me old cen ral tunnel workings of theOphlr
the upraise from the end of the south drift from
the old west crosscut from the upraise carried up
15 feet from the south drift from the west cross
cut from the Mexican s.iaft has been carried up
2 feet, passing through porphyry showing a streak
of ore 4 Inches wile, assaying $5160 per ton;
total height 31 feet.
In the Hale & Norcross mine, 900 level, upraise
2 was advanced 8 ieet, showing stringers of quar
of fair value and a slight seepage of water requir
ing two sets of timber; iota! length 78 feet. Ad
vanced the north drift from the tenth floor 6 feet,
total length 64 feet, through porphyry and string
ers of quartz or low value. Mine was closed on
the 10th.
No work was done in the Chollar ground on the
Comstock during the past week.
In the Potoai mine they are still opening to the
south from the east crosscut on the tunnel level in
quartz, containing bunches of p»y ore, which is
saved. They extracted last week forty-einht min
ing cvi loads of ore, the average • ar sample assay
ot which was $34 70 per ton. This ore has been
stored in the south drift.
BBt-sswicK Lodk- con. Cal. A Va., Best &
Belcher and Gould & Curry— Shaft '-' has been
sunk 19 feet on incline, total depth 712 feet, bot
tom in porphyry and B. ringers of quartz. 300
level— Kast crosscut 1, started in the south drift
t oni the shaft, has been extended 33 feet, passing !
through soft porphyry, total length 229 feet. East
crosscut 2. started 135 feet south of crosscut 1.
has been extended 25 feet, total length 65 feet,
face in porphyry.
tHni.UK- At shaft 1 they are still opening the
600 level nation. 200 level— Have openei the
tenth floor above this level. The s reak cf ore is
narrow, but of good grade, in ihw winze below
they have sunk a total of 78 feet on the slope, at
which point the ore gives evidence of pinching.
Are open ng on the west streak iv west crosscut 1
in fair-grade ore. BUO level-Are raising at the
north end wiih the Intention of conn.c. with
the 200-level winze. Art opening the third floor,
the ore being a foot wide and of «ood grade. The
main stope shows no change. 400 level— Have
not advanced the main south drill. Have re
sumed work in the raise from east crusbCut 1, car
rying two sets to connect with the 800 level. The
total shows 4 to 6 feet wide of ore that assays from
$15 to $25 per ton.
600 level— Have advanced the main south drift
10 feet: total length 258 ieet, and stopped it. On
Monday last started three crosscuts from this drift
— No. 1 east, t>B fe.t south of the line; No. & east,
50 feet farther south, or 130 feet south of the line,
and .No. 1 west, 200 feet south of the Hue— to de
termine the poHltiun of the foot wall. The fuotwail
is exposed at the mouth of No. least crosscut.
The latter has been advanced 34 feet through
!■:■ ii. il requlrlne timbering — composed of clay,
porphyry and seams of low grade quartz No. 2
east is out 22 feet in stiff porphyry. No. 1 west is
out ~7 feet, where it readied .he tootwall end
have started .No. 3 east crosscut opposite It. which
is out 10 feet in ham porphpry. Have shipped to
the Nevada mill 184 tons and 900 pounds of ore,
sampling as follows: Tod car, gold »16 26, silver
otiTjcs 14.46; wagon sample, go. d $16 69, silver
ounces, 2D.13; battery sample gold $17 15, silver
ounces. 16.15. shipped to ihe United states Mint
ut Carson one bar bullion, valued at $3069 61, of
which $1727 3ii wan sold.
Occidkxtax. Coxsolidatkd— The official letter
for the pas: week says: 560 level— l he upraise
from west crosscut has been carried up 9 fret, total
height 46 feet; top in ore assaviug $6 in gold. The
south drift from said crosscut lias been ex tended
10 feet, total length 43 leel; face in ore ass^ving
$7 in gold. Have started another, crosscut from
the tunnel «bout 600 feetsoutbof No I west cross
cut. We ar« also cleaning out and prepaiing ths
south drift on the 650 level to meet the winze
Koine down from the 550 level.
Fireman's Fund Insurance has declared a quar
terly dividend of $3, payable to-morrow.
I'-t'Ai.n SALES.
' rniow'oj; «pre (be t*"»B Id Uie Sao Francltoo
Ptcck Foard yesterday:
Krr.ri.Aß mojinino t-vssroi. rnVMKvriNf* 9:80.
200 Belcher... 38 200 C P0int. ...14 203 Ophlr... 1.15
500 B&B 7: .)50 O A c Sfc oo %4Vuice...25
100 7. *to H&i5......9h 100 24
200 Ca1eda....14 20J Blexrn.. . .6: 16i b.NuT 56 !
| LOO C'liollar.l.3b|Joo N U&C.Ot 300 64
60 1.25 200 Potosi . . . . 6* 210 Union C-. i:6
; 650 CCA V... l.Si 100 67 500 V ..».•.. ...27
| 400 1.85 |
*>TtRNOOJT SKBSION— 2:3O.
' 900 Andes 23 100 C Point...! P0t05t....63
|60 i B.CB -7' 1 1100 O ft C..371500. .371500 t>»ev....83
600 68! >OU HAW 96 700 62
200 C hollar. 1.2.', WO Opbtr... 1. JO: 150 Union C..25 '
600 CC&V..1.8. ltO 1.11 JOJ XjaultM..2s
2000 1.56 I
Followlnc were me bauoi in toe Pad no Stock
lord jeaierdny:
KKBnr.Au r-PTSRios— in:"»n.
. 300 Alpha <!!! 950 CC*V.... 1.85400 NTQn....05
'-'no AIU 760 l.eO'jOOOccld 14
■ 60J Andes 25 100 1.8-'» 2 1»0 i 0ph!r..1.15
! VJ6 I iJelcner....i7 1000 la-. 1850 IVii
' -2SOJ £...75 100 1.70i700 l.i" '
' bOO 72 100 V 03 200 1.071^
iOJ 7ti.'o.i C Potn:...lS 4UO .1.01
; 2UJ 300 Kzcnqr...O3 30U OTrmn.. OS
j 9'JO 07 1200 UdtC . ..40.01 Potoai ..71
! VOO 66 20U ....„ 35,100 ....... .' ...68
6'»U Hn1110D....12 00 ...87 700 rt6
803 taleda....l. 700 3H 400 »63
10J Cha118e...84 6.10 3:- JO > f«Taei»....V2 •
! 2UO LLu.r.. 1 .'•."■ 100 HAN Vti 400 Scorpion.. ol
■ 500 1.32 MID Julia. 04 SOU M....01
! 7( O ...„ I.Bt 200 Justice.. .04 JiOa^ev. 66
' 100 I.V7 1 /a '00 Kentck....oCsoU .. 65
j 600 l.'-f>i'2oo OB 1000 ... . .64
•-0J 1.20 600 L Wash... ol 900 61
luO I.22VJ \iOa MencaD..s3|4OO 8 Hill OVi
100 1.17 V. -1900 62il00Btdrd..>lK4
200 C0nn. ..1.1u 400 ....„ SU3OJ Umoa.... -..,
I 280 C Imp.. ..01 200 .60 ZoO Utah 07
760 02H00 49300 X J»CKt..2S
iFTKRNnnN BESsroN— 2::-r».
Son Ali>na.....o9uob CC&V...1.7W 200 Justice.. ..o3
'-"'0 Alta 07 100 1.72y a <iO.\t QQ....05
»00 Ob 350 ia M 200 Uphir...l.fJ6
400 Andes lit 200 1.85 100 1.10
100 26.00 I.WI 1500 lVa
20J 27 200 1.92V-|I4OO I.IS
301) B»lch»r.. • 0 1.9. .3>0 1.17%
: 1200 80 100 1.971/s iOOOvrmn..
I 85J ii«ti.._..67 IMiO 2.l'U 400 Potoai ...65
I 400 70 200 2.021& (OU tit
800 75U00 2.00 :00 «•▼•«•.... 22
100 Bullion.. ~l] lsuu l>«tc 35 200 24
200 Caled 14 400 -..SI 700 8 B'ijj'..' .04
200 Chlluije...B4 100 ..4.. 3" 10U S «T. 62
6UO Ch11r.... 1.20 400 ...3b 1200 stt I
■ 200 1.221; iOO 3V >00HUHU1....02 |
!1 0 1.-2. 100 HAN Vt, 7i>J Onion as I
I 200 1.27 V: 700 Mexican- 4. 2500 .. 2»
i 300 1.30 900 46 200 . iO !
I 200 1.52Va700 60 700 .!!.'.' .32
100 conn ...1.1 1200 ....> 61 JOJ * J0&.....25
200 CrwnPt..l4 300 ......6i 1200 .. . 26
900 15 100 63
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April la 1 p. it
J-itf. A »A re. , Mlrt. A t*«/t ,
Airftnrtm.'... 09 10 Jnila „. 04 06
Alt*. *. 08 08 jnstloa. _ — 0*
AiiAe*. — 2tf 27 (veninct..._ 06 07
Kelcher .. 39 40 Mexican.... „ 61 62
hut & Beicnat 74 75 Nevada Qneea. 16 —
Beoton C0n.... — 16 Occidental. . It 15
Bullion .. 10 12 Opulr- ...1.10 1.16 j
Caledonia. 13 1* overman...... US 116 '
CholUr 1.26 1.80 U'0i051... ....... «5 67!
Con.Cal.fcVa... 2.00 2.10 ravage. _ 34 26
Challenge Cox 34 c 6 -scorpion.. .._ — 04
ton. lmptni.. 01 Uk ->eg. Belcher... 04 05
' Ccundeuce.... 1.16 1.20 -ilver Hill 01 12
I Loo Yore LI — sierra .\ev«Ji. 64 66
Cruwn Jfoini... 14 It' -tandard l.co 1.86
i.ksirtierraNjr — L« -yndica:*. .... — (.a i
i. urck.-nu., ... — y,u  Dlououu.... 30 31
i t-xciieuuer 08 tit ,uui utf is
! u<<uia<k.currr. 37 39 > eiiuv* jmuiUw 26 27
Ai»i«.«».£«orcxa. 96 9j«
ClUClx AM> BOND EXCHANGE.
. MONDAY, Apill 19-2 p. U.
IMIFIi STATICS BONUS.
JTW. /■ >ACit . SUL AtktA.
V, BAn conn. 11 US J 4*r*s... 10» HUM
lio new is»ueli3i/^ • — '
Miscfcr.LAKji»as Knvrw.
Cft.l-stCbleßi.il'.! — OakOas6s.. _ JO4
CalKlecL6s — 130 L02d156«... — 109
CntraUWot 96Vi 88 Omnibus tt»..120»A —
I DpDl-stex-cp — 100 P&OBytfj. _ 113
tdsnUtPtisl27i^ia» i'&Cli Ky — 103
)-«cju liiitiiiua 107 i'wi-st until us 118
«.«arv-si lij-» — 105 |heno,WLAL — 105
H C<fc»(>Vti.lOO _ tactoPAU. _ 100.
Lo»An«L6« 92V,100 NF&NPH6I.. lO'.'XglO'i Vi
Doiimeed 6» Stt^^O sPKKArljstfi 92 94
Ml^stC'bleßsl23i,il24S4 107 lo7l*
DoKyCon 6a.lotJVßlo6V B >,PUKcalaj. bO —
KaiVlotislat — 10U -PUpUCaie*. 88% 991^
KevUK K7». - 105i^bVW»i«t},.ll74ll8
NKyCal «>€.103 106 V Water 4a. 101 v! -
r.Hjrc«i64. _ — biktuUdtiti** «9VgIOOV%
watjtr stock t
Contra Cosu — 40 ISprn* Vaii»y 98 98 Vi
M»rluC*.... 4b%'6i%|' ' r-/T
*A» AXU KLKCTRrn ITOCICV -
Capital....... -80 Paclflo Uxhi' - 61
Central. WU. - SFG&Kiac ft*/ oil-
U»kUl.&a _ " 64% >tociilou . 13 % ~™
t-ao urn Imp — Vi " ~
UfSDBASut stock,.
Flraman'iF<llß3VC| — |
coM«^... lv: , ««K «"-r^"«,""" **
AnclO-Ctl... 60 — 1 First Nation! mi Li IBK
BTRKKT RAILROAD BTOCKS.
r y **•••"• «■ — • IPrealdio . . a k
e1( .»i.... «4V* 44%| 4 6
' -.. ""-r fcTOCK ».
Atliintlcn... lfl 17 iQlantCJoa. SO SI
MI»C«i.i.AS-)r.orM rm-Ki
Alaska Fkrv — 103^NatVlnOo — 714
hV.^.? 0 - 1 ? 0 - I 'wwioasdi 23 24^
Hn^^T.? 0 - l* l i U»4 fac Am g A 2 4
MuJuiuu. 90 - Parr PaintGa » _
BALES— UOK.MNU bkJBIOS.
Hoard—
50 Hawaiian Commercial 14 CO
600 Hutchlnson HP Co. „ . _ «6 00
200 do do ... „ '.. .." , .... 24 76
40 SF Gaslight .7........ 2 60
Hrw;_
100 Mutual Electric Light ... ....... 9 2f»
BALKS-AFTIBSOON SESSION.
Board —
50 Hawaiian Commercial, s «0 14 26
325 .hutchlnson S P Co : 34 25
15 Market-st Hallway «-. 37%
$18,000 B P Branch Railway 80nd5..... 88 76
$2000 h F <fi P Railway Bonds 102 25
Street—
$3000 Market-st By Con $X Bonds 106 25
& V Water .. »a 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isaac and Emily Ellaser to Edward I* Christln,
lot oa > line of II uy is street, 165 W of Franklin,
"W 27:6 by 8 120: *10.
Edward' and Lillie H. Christln to Isaac Eli>ser,
lot on s line o- Hayes street, 106:3 W or Fillmore,
W 50 by B 137:6; $10.
Louis Landler, Homer S. Kin?, J. J. McDade
(receiver). J. J. Bauer (assignee). Jane Smith and
.Mary Blank (by Lansing izner, commissioner)
to J. J. Pagan, lot on NW T corner of Giove aid
scott streets, W 137:6, N 124:2. SiS 141, a 104;
$17,991.
I* C. and Emilia Bresse to May B. Angus, lot on
X line of Brodtriclc street, 87:6 Scf Gutter, 8 25
by E 110: 10.
W. H. Snedaker to Lena M. Snedaker, lot on S
line of McAllister street, 166:3 E of Lott, E 60 by
B 137:6; gift.
Ellen T. Gray to Ellen Gray, lot on W line of
Bartlett street, 320 Sof Twenty-second, S 40 by
\V 125; gift.
Mary Sen rod to William C., Thomas F.,
Henry C, George H. and Mary a. Schroder, lot
on N line of Thirtieth street, 305 W of Church, W
25 by R 114; gift.
Luigl and Aa»unta Bial to John and Bertha
Welch, lot on E line of Colllngwood street , 125 3
of Eighteenth, S 24 by X 125: *10.
Ernie Mombert to Louise Gautbier, lot on SW
corner Green and Montgomery, w 40 by X 71:6;
910.
Same to same, lot on W line of Montgomery,
112:6 N of Va lejo, X 25, W 137:6, S 60, k. 77:6,
> 25, !■: 60; $10.
Patrick D. Fitzpatrick to Annie L., Joseph P.
and Tnonw E. Keeuan. lot on S line of Vallejo
street, 110:6 •of Larkin, 27 by 60: $10.
Edward and Thomas E. McKneany to Catharine
Morrlsey, lot on NW line of Clara, 375 .NE of
Sixth, NE 25 by NW 80; $10.
Thomas W., Katherine A., Christopher C. and
Li y Rivers to George F. Lyon, lot on X line of
Utah street. 27:2 N of Nineteenth (Butte), N 126,
B 100, 8 26, X 100. S 73, W 100, S 25, W 100;
also lo". on NW corner Nineteenth street (Butte)
and Sum Bruno avenue (Nebraska), N 60 by W
100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Au^uste Tape, lot on
E Hue of Thirteenth avenue, 175 Sof Lake, S 25
by E 1.0: $10.
Charles 11. and Frances A. Reynolds to John B.
Farlsh, lot on SE corner of Point Lobojund Fort
first avenues, S ILO by E 135; $10.
Patrick 1). Fitzpatrick to Annie L, Joseph B.
and Thomas K. Keenan, undivided half of lot on
W line of Eleventh avenue, 125 aof Point Lobos
avenue, S 60 by W 120: $10.
Solomon, Dora, Beruhard and nose Gets and
estat- of Louis C. Bresse to Andrew E. Brown,
lot on X line of Twenty-lirst avenue, 100 N of X
Street, 8 26 by E 120; $10. \
ALAME DA COUNTY.
John White to EgnorT. Casey, lot on N line of
Fourth s'reet, 121 i- of Hamsun, M 29 by N 100,
I lot 26 and E 4 feet of lot 27, block 39, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $100.
A. M. and sophie S. Simpson to C. M. Cooke,
lots 1, 2, 84, 85 and 86, block D, lands of Oakland
View Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Maud B. arid Joseph p. Cooke to Anna K. Cooke
(wife or Charles M.;, lot on NW corner of Six
teenth ar d Lii.den streets, X 120, W 116, S 20, E
31. s 100, E 85 to beginning of block 596, Oak
land: (10.
J. K. and Jennie L. Morris and F. J. and Deli C.
Woodward to James P. Taylor, lot on SK corner
of Charter avenu-, or Twenty-second street. a id
Grove street, N 40, E 86:7y 2 S 40, \V 86 to be
! ginning, being portion of lota 45 and 46, Tuttle
Homestead Tract. Oakland: $5.
Alice M. and George B. M. Gray to J. C. Mulli
kin, lot on W line of Linden street, 83:4 s of
Forty-Hun, s; 30 by W 60, being the S 16 fe<>t of
lot 3 and N 13:4 of lot 2. block 2105, Aiden Tract
at Te mescal, Oakland Township: $10.
Golden Gate lam and Improvement Company
to George Dupllssea. lot on s line of Parsons
street. 40 W of Lowell, E 40. S 100, W 40, N 100
to oeginninsr, being lot 1, bock C, J. E. McElraih
Tract, Oakland Township; SI >.
Erland F Ulsen to Jouau A. and Maria C Olsen,
lot i.7, -Map of Kesubdlvlslon, being portions of
blocks I) and K. (Harrison Tract, Berkeley: $10.
uottlieb Schumacher to Anna r-chumneher. lot
j on SW corner of Arbor street and E«gle avenue,
I when produced, W 103.06, S 105.39, Hi 56.02, N
98.46, to beginning, being lots 18 to 21, block C.
Fitch Tract. Alameda; also lot 14, Boulevard
Tract, A timed a; also property in Sonoma County;
$10.
Jose s. Gomez to Manuel P. Da Rosa, lot 17.
block 14, Estudillo Tract, San Leandro. Eden
Township; $800
Franc s and Lizzie D. Ferrier to Mary V. Hill,
. lot on E line of iiollis street. 225 ft of Yerba
! Bueua avenue, E 125. S 178:5, W 126, N 185:8
to beginning, Oakland: $10.
Ricuard and Elizabeth Hughes to John Worth
ington, lot beginning at a point 149:4 from >. X
comer of Tsrlorand Willow streets. E 126 by N
30:8, block 394, Oakland; also lot on W line of
Campbell utreet, 97 Nof Lincoln, N 37:6 by W
115, being lot 9 aud N half lot 10, block 2, plat of
I tract 383. Oakland: cram.
E. M. and Irene Gibson to Ella M. Heim (wife
, of J. F.), 30 acres beginning at N corner lands of
. K. M. Ulbson, thence along Thorn road. SW 8.85
I chains. SW 3.30 chains, t»K 2382 ci alns, NE
I 11.92 chains, NW 26.00 chains, to beginning,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary Feeney (administratrix estate Michael
Feeuey) to Lester A. Pelton, lot on s corner Jack
son and Cameron streets, s>\V 95 by sk 100, bring
' portion lot 6, GhlrardPlli Tract, Brooklyn Town
! ship; $898. _^
•— — •
A record in courtship and proposals has
I occurred in Lubeck, in Germany, where
resides an hotel proprietor with a family
of six children — four sons and two daugh
ters — who were all betrothed in one day.
i The half dozen happy couples were also
' married on the same day, and one wed-
I ding breakfast lervel for them all.
THE CAM CALENDAR.
April, 1897.
w.
iTh
B*.
2
«"», New Mo
©New Ma
April 1.
6
9
10
3 First Quant
April 10.
13
17
11
It!
Full Mood.
£J April 18.
[
I 18
€Last
at
OCIiAA STKAMJKKS.
Dates of I>t>parture From San Frtnrlioo.
tTKAHKE [ll—l I II I Ull. |
* i i.s
I riKB.
auirKß. .... i
Australia... :
Czarina..... I
Homer |
Budoi :
WailaWalla
(iaeltc i
Pomona....
$am& Rosa.
idini tioliit ..
Columbia. ..
Arcaia
1 oos Bar
Farallon |
Or ■/.aba i
I ■' V* (Hjr. ......
H0n01u1u......
coos Bay
! Coos Bay
Uravs Harbor.
Vie & I'et »no
1 China it Japan
i!umb»!dtiSai
Ban Dieco
Hnmboidißay
Portland
Coos Hay
Newpor;
i laqalna Bay.
Mexico
Vie & l'gt Bnd
I s sn Mora ....
Apr -'0, tun I Pier 11
Apr 20. 2pm Pier 7
Apr 20. 12u Pier 8
Apr 70. Bpu | Pier 13
Apr 21.12 II Pier
Apr -21, Sam Pier 9
Apr 21. IpmjP M 8
Apr 22. am Pier 9
I Apr 22 Ham ! Pier 11
Apr 23, !ij»ii pier -i
I Apr 23 10 4 Pier 24
Apr 23.10 am Pier II
Apr 24. am I Pier 11
Apr 25. 9am j Pier 2
Apr 25.10 am Pier 11
I Apr 2b. 9am | Pier 9
Apr '.'6.llam I'lerll
L matlHa.. . .
Corona I
STEAMERS TO ARRIVJS.
>TKAMKR
I
From
Kama Kosa
Mineola
Pomona. „
Willamette
Tlllamoolc
North l-'orc ...
liumboldt
Farallon
Acapuico
loos Bay
Arcata
rmat1Ua........
('oroaa. .......;
Queen
hureka.. ... ;...
Cltv Puebla....
Ban Dieeo ....._
Tacoma ...
Humboldt Bay
Seattle
| Portland
HumDoldt Bar-...
Humboldc Bay
i Yaqaina bay
Panama. .
Newport
Coos Bar
Victoria & Pusret Sound
Man Diego
Portland.
Newport.
! Victoria <* PneM snnnl
..Apr 20
..Apr -JO
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
Apr 21
..Apr '2,' i
Apr 2'i
..Apr 22
..Apr T2.
.Apr 24
..Apr 2i
..Apr 26
..Apr 27
M>. MOON AND XIDJt
L'XTTFT» FTATICS COAST AUD O*OT»*TI0 BriRTWr
TrMKS AND lIKIUHTt OF II'OIC AX» LOW
Waters AT JfOBT. POIXT. Extban-om to
. Kan Fkanchco Bat. Published bt Or»i-
CIAI. Authority or TUB SUI'KRINTKM>KXT.
Not*— The high and low waters occur ai t.i»
City Front (Mlastos-streoc Wharf) about twenty
five mitiDies l%u>r in aa at Fort Point; u»« belglu
of tide Is the same ac both places.
April — 189;.
TufaJ.iv. April 2a
*on rises 5.26jM00Q rises... lLSßric
San sees tt.6l| Moon sets. '
[lime
|H W
I. Wj H W
|L V\'|
r.-
I
5.'.!
4 H
4.5
4.S
•»46
7.80
IL W
i 0.»4
I 1.58
«.34|
7 49|
"h"\V
4.5
4.7
Not*— In th» above exposition or the tides the
e»rly moraine tides are given ,In the left hand
eoiurnn. and the successive tide* of the day In the
order of occurrence m to time. The second time
coiiimn gives the second tide or the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide or the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometime*
•ccnrs. The heights riven are additions to the
soundings on ihe United States Coast Surrey
charts, except when a minus sign (— preoedea me
height, and then I the I number given v aubtracUra
trow i&«a.j>*hg! ten tjjr ue chtfUi
' AO'UVIS XO 3i.\i;i>i -. t;>
A branch of the United States Hydroeraphlo
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete se:s of charts mid sallln*
directions of the world are kept on ham- or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
eau always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph 1111 lis hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each dai- Irom the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether tha Mm» ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
ana by me morning papers the following 'lav.
W. a Hughes.
Lieutenant. V. 8. N., In charge,
The Time Ball.
Branch Hydrooraphic Offtck, V. a N.>
Merchants' Kxckanok V
San Francisco. April 19. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hll. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120ti»
meridian, or exactly at » p. m., Greenwich time.
W. ii Hughes.
Lieutenant U. s. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. April 19.
Stmr Columbia, Conway. 4b hours from Port
land, via Astoria 39% hours: pass and mdse. too
R A X Co. .
stmr izarlna, Seaman. 43 hours from Coos Bar;
mdse, to J D sprockets A Bros Co.
Btmr Greenwood, Fageriund. 17 hours from
Greenwood; SSI M ft lumber, to L X While Lum
ber Co.
Stmr .X&varro, Johnson. 86 hours from Santa
Barbara; ballast, to Gray A Mitchell
Htmr Trnckee, Hall, 67 hours from Tllla
moo<; 34b Mft lnru ocr, 2 I oilers, to J * KimoaiL
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, StJ hours from Crej
rent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall it Co.
stmr Homer, Jes?en, 46 hours from Coos
Bay: pass and mdse, to Geo Fntch.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, IV days from Guay
mas, vii Knsenada hours: pass and muse, to
Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
t.r ship Howth. Martin, 151 days from Liver
pool: mdse. to J D Spreckels «fc Bros Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 72 hours from Bihl.
ers Point; wood, 10 Header Bros.
Schr Gem, Olsen, m days from Columbia River;
lumber, to I> H Bibb Lumber Co.
Schr C T Hill, Rudbach, 8 days frm Grays Har
bor: lumber, to X X Wood Lumber Co.
Schr Alary c, Campbell, 1 1 hours trom Bodega;
80 bxs butter, to Ross Hewlett. \
Schr Maxim. Olsen, 48 hours from Caspar;
148 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramselius. 3Vi days from
Eureka; jOO M fi lumber, to Ctias Nelson.
Schr Five Brothers. Nelson, 30 hours from
Fisherman 1 Bay; 90 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Rio Rey, Ackerman, 9 hours from Fort
Ross: 100 eds bark, to AW Beadle & Co.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colatrup, 20 ho-irs from
Blhlers Point; 8000 posts, to Higgins <& Collins.
Clear dd.
MONDAY, April 19.
Ktmr Eureka, Parsons, San Pedro; Goodau, t'ar
kliiH&Co.
Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, Panama, etc: P
M S S Co.
.Stmr City of Everett, Laverge, Nanaimo; John
Rosenield's Sons.
1> lg Consuelo, Jaeobsen, Mahukona; J D
Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Schr Vine, Pedersoa, Bristol Bay; C E Whitney
■v Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY. April la
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs.
Stmr Coquilie Kiv«.-r. Paton. Conollle River.
Stmr Del None. Siockfletb, Hoqulam.
Stmr Geo Loomls. KrldgetL- Ventura.
Mmr Navarro. Johnson.
Stmr City of Para. Mortensen, Panama, etc.
blnir Aicatraz. L'ariaon.
Stmr City of Everett, Laverire, Nanaimo.
. Brstmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Schr Ocean Spray, Uteuborn, Iversens Landing.
Schr Mary Ktia. Wetzel.
Telegraphic.
roiNT LOB^". April 19-12 p. m Weather
foggy: wind HW; vtioci..- 20 iulu_
.Spoken.
Per Br ship Howth— Jan 25—56 8 64 W. ship
Dir co, from Sew York for San Francisco.
Apr 3-27 N 13'- W, ship Henry Villard, from
Astoria or Hllo.
Ar 17— U 8 stmr Richard Rush, hence Apr 16,
in search of missl"g ship Samaria.
Apr 18— Schr Dora Biuhm, from Tacoma for
San Francisco.
Feb 7-56 8 70 \V, Dutch ship Nederland, hnce
Dec 10 for Liverpool.
Feb 23—49 8 56 W, Brshlp Drnmellfr, from
Victoria 'or London.
Mar 6-23 S 2 6 W. Br ship Holyrood, from Ta
coma for Uneeuiioivn.
.ular 21 — 7 X 31 W, Br ship Cabul, from Portland
for Queensiown.
Mar 6— 23 S2«W, Br bark P. ocyon, from Port
land for Fat mouth.
M»r 8—22 B 24 W, Brbark Tweelsdale, from
Portland for Qu<>enstowa.
Feb 18—52 S 55 W. Br ship County of Hadding
ton. trom Portland for Queenstown.
Apr B—4l N t 9W, Brshlp Diumrock from Ta
coma for Liverpool.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON'— Arrived Apr 16— Br ship Orealla, fm
Fr. ser River. Reports when off Cape Horn on
Jan 15 a tremendou* sea broke on boa. d and the
chief male and a seaman were lost.
Domestic Port*.
VENTURA— Apr 19— Schr Barbara
Hernster. liom Mendocino.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Pomona, bee
Apr 18: schr Bertie Minor, from San Pedro; schr
sparrow, hence April.
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 19-stmr Farallon. for
San Francisco: stmr Alice Bianchard, lor Orecon
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 19— bchr Reporter, fm
San Pedro
sailed Apr 19— Stmr Alliance, for San Francisco
TaTOOsh— Passed Apr 18-iiktn Robert Sud
den, from Port Blakeley tor shanghai. 19— Bant
Vidette, irom Kverett for t-an Francisco.
SOUTH .REND— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Signal,
hence Apr 14.
FORT BRAGG-Arrivea Apr 19— Stmr Cleone,
from Hardy Creek.
PORT BLAKK LEY— Arrived Apr 12— Bktn
Amelia, hence Mar 31.
Sailed Apr 16—^cbr Vesta, lor San Pedro.
MALLARD— CIeared Apr 16— Bark Ceylon, for
Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 18-Haw
stmr San Mateo from Comox.
FORT ROSS— sailed Apr 19— Schr Rio Rey, for I
San Fra .Cisco.
CASPAR- tailed Apr 19-Btmr Jewel for San
Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 19-3chr Ab
bie, hen co Apr 3.
MENDOCiNO-Salled Apr 19— Schr Bobolink,
for Ban Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Apr 19— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Apr 1 via Honolulu; bktn Katie Fllck-
Inger, from Hastings MilL
called Apr 16— Br simr Kmpres of China, for
Vancouver.
To sail Apr s— Jap stmr Hakusan Mam, for San
Fran isco via Kobe and Honolulu.
At'Cn I;ANU- Mailed Apr 17-Stmr Alameda,
for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Apr 17— Br ship Stronsa,
for Portland.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Apr 16-Oer bark Mag- |
dalene, from Portland.
HULL— Arrived Apr 15— Br ship Wavertree, he i
Nov 8.
FLKETWOOD- Arrived Apr 16-Br ship Ber- j
muds, nunce Nov 28.
Importations.
OUAYMAS, ETC-Per Oriraba— a iron tanks, 2 ;
cs specimens, 19 sks horns, 435 a tomatoes, 6
sits peepers, 11 cs '20 sks dry shrimps, 1 bar ku.il. :
BUsks m-tal. 132 pcs wood. I^B6 sks sngar, 'J4 cs
rinii. 5u live turtles, 16 sks beeswnz. 7 iron rolls.
300 bsfjs sold ore, 1644 ski or».l sk coffee. 1 cr.ite '■
tabic. 1 cs typewrite! s . '-"J5 hides, 1629 sks silver i
and lead 0re. 700 sks mineral 65 -ks sulphurets. 43 !
bales i.itle. 6 bars i s-a gO.d. 7 ilet-r nn coat
I skins, 50 sksdamlana. 50 tons silt, 35 sks shells, 1 \
bale fish tins. 7 bales deerskins, 1 cs snails. 5 cs
iv.li : oLis. 10 crts furniture, 1 cs household goods,
•-' cs oil patntine. It- sks dry fish and fish tins, 6 '.
sk-i sul copper, 5 sks S silver. 50 cs ponocba, 2642
sks stiver ore, bti sks ;a I ngs 1 bz meat cheese. I
bx sauce, I mescal, 2? ba^s p'eclplut«-s, si ban
silver million, 1 bx KOld bullion. 1 cs Mexican dol
lars, 1 tar KOld and silver bullion.
COOS BAY-Per Homer— fttO tons coal, 27, 800
ft lumber, 5 bdls hides.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 2 bales
furs. 26 bxs butter, 67 bdls hid * and skns, 1 case
sho^s, I* pkss mdse, 2 bxs hardware 19 dressel
veal, — M t lumber,
COOS BAY — Per Czarina— loßo ions coal. 218
sks potatoes. H pkrs udse. 6 pkgs hide^ and skins
PORTLAND AM) ASTORIA— Per Columbla
-6322 sks potatoes. 2 M sk« onions, &7UB «Ks wheat
IAS bnls 3-7 gunnies 509.' sks flour, 123 sks wool,
1 cur b. x shooks, 1 \<o sk< ov-ters, 111 c* salmon.
1:9 pkgs staves and heads, 470 pk;s 70 rolls 45
bales paper.
• '«iii«i;ne»«.
Per Orizaba— C D Bunker <fe Co: F Rutner & Co;
Jos Wagner Mfg Co: Thannhaus'r <fc Co; Anglo-
California liann: Brown & Adams; A Paladmi : A
X tev>-ns; J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co; Gardiner <fe
Tbornley; Garcia <fc Mnggtnl; smeltiai and
Lead Co: W Loniza <fc(.'o: CaudelHriaC on Mexi
tau Mining Co: Chas Te.zen: Calilornia Academy
of Sciences: L .• Lastreio: FCSS Co: H Lund; F
Santnl ier: X L Ste:n: Q Staacke<b Co: H M New
ball it <' >: Chinese merchbnts.
Per Homer— O 0 & Co; SH Frank <fc Co;
Btoctcton Lumber Co.
i'er Crescent City— Wltzel* Baker; Enterprise
Brewery ; Dodge. Sweeney <fc Co; bll Frank A Co;
Wheaton. llnon >t o W B Bnmner .tr.. : R r>
HnmeACo: Standard OU Oo ; Hobbs, Wall &Co:
Wiel«nd Brewing Co; Cal Bottling Co: J Hoffman;
A I. r.ryan Mioe Co: W F Bheard; Eisenhauer
<*Co. Or RTUray: H Miller: J Veal.
Per Czarina— J b SpreckeU <S Bros Co: H Subr
A Co: Marshall, Teggart <fe Co: Baker & Hamilton:
Krlanccr & Oalinger; il J Brandenstain & Co-
Coghill A Kohn.
Per Columb a— Sheldon Milling Co: D M Boll
man; Willamette Pulp & Paper Co; G W Ernmong-
Darbee <fc lunnel : ME A Wagner; HOutard; a
Levy A Co: Fogarty & Parker: Morgan Oyster' Co:
Thomas Lougbran: Krlanger A Gallnger: A Carl:
AUa II Fruit Co; Dalton Bros; Gould <t Jaudln ; J
H Cain A Co: McDonough A Kunyon; WolfJt son-
Moore, Ferguson <fc Co: D E Allison ACo ; Charles
Carlson: Page <fc Son; Balfour, Guthrie A Co: HP
Detels: Allen & Lewis: Otis, McAllister A Co- s
Kosbland ; J H Newbauer A Co; Christy <fc Wise
standard OU Co ; C J l^eiat A Co; Williams, Brown
A Co.
RATi;nOAP TRAVEU _.
SOUTIIKRN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC Hy.sTBM.)
Xr SAN »UAS<:iMO.
leave — From MABcn 21, 1597. — arrivb
' -6:OOA Niles, San Jose and >Vay SUticns . . |:45a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, "8; «■' and Ka»t£ 8: -* 5p
7:OOa lionicia. Vacaville, l^umsey. Sacra- ,
mento. Orovilla and Redding via 6j4 __
7jBOa MartinMi Saniiamon,Vaiiejo. x" ••
7:8Oa Martinez, Sau lUinon.\ allejo, Napa,
CalUtosa and Santa. R05a......... 6:15p
■tMAHIIa, BWI .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff * i J »r
•8:3Oa Peters and Mi1t0n......-^.......... HW
»i««a New Orleans KxpruO, Raymond (for
Yosen'.ite), l'resuo, Bakerslield.
Santa Barbara, Los An«cle% Dem-
l.,g, El Paso, New Orleans and
_;_!,(; 4t4S»
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton VVl r
»:OOa Vallijo ; i 6jl5 .*
Niles, San Joae, Livermore and '
Stockton ••• ./, ! A;1 P
•l:OOp Sacramento*Ri»tr Steamers •» :OO c
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore * : 1* A
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations . . ...... t * :*oT
4:00 - Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Calistoga, Bl Verauo and
Santa llosa .••••• »«»»*
«iOOp Benicia. VacaviUe, Woodland, >
Knights Landing. MarysTille, Oro- I
Tllle and Sacraniontrt 11:13 a
4>3«r Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Jules,
returning via Martinez » ma*
B:«OpLo9 Angeles Express, Tracy, ,
Fresno. Mojavo (for Kandsburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7«*3A
•iOop Santa Fo Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojavo au«l East 7»45a
0:OOp European Mail, Ogtlcn anil East.... »:4»A
•:OOe HayivardH. Kites aud San Jose 7:45 a
J7:OOi- Vallejo 17543p
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
villc, IlecUliug, Portland, Puget
m .Sound and Knat 11;1«A
SANTA < IU / lUVInION (Narrow Kauget.
}7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:o3 >
< euturrilli>,.Saii.)nse,Felton,
Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way _
Stations 5«50|
••llsp Newark, Centerville, San .lose. New
Almadeu, Felton, ISouldcr Creek,
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way .
Stations "11:204
__ 4:15p Newark. San Jose and Los < !at.os ■■ . »:3Oa
COAST IH VISION (lliir<) & lotvnscii'l Sis.)
7:UOASan Jose and Way .Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:301
•:00a Han Joso, Ties Pino«, SauU Cms,
Pacific (Jrore. Paso nobles, .Sail
Luis Obispn. Guadalupe, Surf and ;
Principal Way Stations 4ils*
10>.40a San Jose ami Way Stations C:3of
1I:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 5:00 l
•SI:3Up Baa Mateo, Menlo Park. .San Jose,
Gilroy, Trcs Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and *IO:4O«
•B::iopSau Joso ami Way Stations 9:45 a
•4:30r San Jose ami Way Stations »8:O5a
5:30r Ran Jose ami Principal Way Stations •J*:43a
6::JOi- San Jose and Way Stations «::i.l a
tll:4Si> San Jose hum Way Stations 17:13r
SAX LKA.NUKO A>l> lUVHAKOS LOCAL.
<»8:00 a"I ( ?:.!»A
8:00 a f!»:l.~»A
lO.'ooa Melrose, Seminary Park, IY-'ist
41 *!oop Fitchburg,SanLeandro_ Vf it 1 .?
*3:00p . __ d ;'-.' V 4:45p
4:OOp f ana . , • f5:43p
5:30p Haynarflsj  j i 7 .i 3 p
7:«0p ', ; «:45p
9:00p ' Rons through to Niles.T lO'SOp
ttll:lspj « From Niles. t<ia:Oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRIKOISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0Oa.si. $1:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 *5:00 *6.00p.ii.
From 01KUKD— Feat or Broatwty.— «6-00 8-00
10:00 a.m. U2 JO *l:00 $2:00 *3:00 "11:00
* s:o ° - M -
• a A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
Sundar. -xcepted. f Saturdays only.
.. „ J _. I Sundays only.
— it Honaaz_Tit_r«dai7 and Saturday. niobta onlTt. -^
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry-Foot of Market
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 A M ... 13:31
8:30, 5:10. 8:30 p. M. Thursdays— Kxtni tr! a
at -.30 p. it (Saturdays— trips ac l:Ji
and 11:30 p. it.
■ DKIJAVs — 9:30. 1X:CO a. m.; I:3a 3:3 a
6:00, 15:120 P. M. -<••«•
San Rafael to «»n ■Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:20, 11.10 a. ».♦
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. it Saturdays-Extra
at 1 :65 p. M. and 8:35 p. v.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:4U, 11:10 a. jc: 1:40. 3:41
6:00. 6:25 P. K.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule as .above. ■ ■
.Leave Tnpfoot Arrive
Ban Francisco. Oct. 14? 6an F »anclsoa
Wkf.k I Son- ii-.^fnation. Brw - i Wmk*
Days. 1 DAYS. "e»"natlon. DAYS. | DaY! _
7:30 am 8:00 am ■ ■ Novato, 10:40 am-; 8:40 aH
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm • 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm; 6:22 pmc
Fulton,
7:30 ah Windsor. 10:23 a *
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 ?M 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm' 8:23 PM
i Pieta, ~~~^~~
I Hopland eft
I 7i3oam| 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 PM tt:2trm
7:30 am : ■ " 10:25 Ate
8:00 * x Guernevllle. 7:88 pm
3:30 PM 6:22 rm
7 :30 am ;800 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a W
and
6:10 PM 1 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8:00 am I sebaatonoi 110:40 ami 10:2% AM
3:3OPMiS:OOPMI &ePaatOpOl - I 6:10 pm | 6:22pM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skagprs Springs: a*
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for HlsthlaDd
bprings, Kelsey ville. Soda Bay and lAlceport; a>
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
TJlclah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blna
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
Dell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hull ville, Boonevills,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WUiets. Cahto, C«-
Telo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduo*!
rate*.
On Sundays round-trip tickets M all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rate*
Ticket Offices, 660 -Market chroniel* rtnn4lß&
A. W. FOSTER, K. X. RTAII.
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. a_«»_
Santa Fe *St^p§rj
Limited. j^^P;
On MONDAYS and
THURSDAYS the first- Kjs3@jp!|s3H£3iw
class Pullman sleeping-car EjSBjHRgHk
leaving at 6 p. M. connects fSfi_ts«B3¥
at Karstow with the Shiva sJSKT \i_rSA*!?
Fe limited train carrying K*SK^IE2ISS«SSS
dining-car. bufYet imokmii- *2s!s&sf£f i 'ti/JS£3r
car and Pullman palace |('3ft3Ssfe3 B iT»f i
drawing-room sleeplnjj-ciirs 1 "fflfifi^T^ ■ J 1
for both Chicago and St. m **i>'sKi%^- «afj
l.oiil» via Kansas City.
3' a Days to Chicago or St. Louis.
4 1 .. Day* to N«w York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 6p. x. Pullman pa!ace drawing-
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping,
cars, through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and tit. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicaro.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Market *tre«t, Chron-
icle building, '.telephone Main 1531.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
IV la Baaaalito Ferry),
from Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 139 1 ■
WEEKDAYS.
For Hill Valley and San Rafael— "7*25 •go*
11:UOa. M.: «1:45, 3:45. »5:15. «i tf Mr 2
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays ' Wedn .*
days and Saturdays at 11 : 30 p. £ ay 3' wed*-'*
SUNDAYS.
*"»* M _ a , l - Va]le and »n Rafael— •8:00, •10-00
*ll:30 a. M. : "lsao, 3:00, »4:30. 6:16r v.7
Trains marked • run to san Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
F»r Point Reyes and wav stations— 7-^r a. m.
oayl y8 ' »«- Sundays, 1:45 p. *
d pfM an a at W u a raay,. tlOna - 7t2S * «»»
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
WKKK DAYS-i.-avea. F. 9:11 a. sc l•4^- „
BUND A YS-teave S.F. Ba.m 1 1 :»0 a m i -30 » «
i Returninß-Arrive 5.F.1 :15 p.m. 4:20 pu. 7 : a5 I »
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or **
Miu'la^
THE FRISCISCO AND JOAQUIJ
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Fr R u°n oail J P. KIL 15 ' 1897> pa93en 'rain, will
Conn°» , ntermPlliate Btat Jons »cc time-table
le^^^ncisTo^dyL^n^tLlL^COLORED CYCLISTS
WANT RECOGNITION
Will Petition the New
League to Expend Its
Membership.
No Desire to Force Themselves
Into an Organization When
Not Desired.
A P.a.n S'aiement of Their Cas? by
C p ain Williams of the Oak
land lye. ing Club
Oakland Orru R San ?rancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 19. j
Captain Harvey Williams of the Oak
land Cycline Club is preparing a petition
to the Western Cycling League asking
that colored cycling clubs be given recog
nition on this coast.
For more than tlireo years Captain Wil
liams has been engaged in trying to brim;
about this move. Before the split in the
Rational Association his efforts were
treated with indifference and his petition
•was voted clown. Now, however, that the
CAPTAIN HARRY WILLIAMS, Who Wants the New League
to Recognize Colored Cyclists.
coast wheelmen have shown that they
wi.'l act independently when occasion
'arises the coiored cyclists think the time
appropriate for renewing the prosecution
of their wort.
The question of admitting the colored
wheelmen into the league has received
additional interest because of the passage
by the Legislature of the new civil rights
bill. The attempt of a man named Potts
to demand recognition fr m a barber Is
condemned by leading Afro-Americans,
who declare that it interferes with their
work while seeking legitimate recogni
tion.
"We have had great difficulty in trying
to obtain recognition from the larjje
leagues," said Captain Williams to-day.
"Our work has been preatly Hindered by
fuch carrying-on as that of a man named
Potts, whose rir;ht name, by the way, is
Pott. We coioreit people who claim to be
intelligent have uo sympathy whatever
with such work. Among ourselves we
will not recognize everybody, and it is but
natural that white people should do the
same. We do not want to obtrude our
pelves where we are not wanted, and, on
the other band, we do not want to be
Blighted.
"It seems to be the prevailing im
pression that if we are admitted to the
Coast League we shall remand the
right to enter in all their races, and tv
make it possible for us to do just what
this fellow Potts nas done. This is not
«>ur motive nor our desire. There are sev
eral colored cyclist clubs on the coast, and
many o! them hold good records. At the
present time we nave no recognition what
ever and our events are not recorded
What we ask is that the Coast League
shall recognize our standing as clubland
that our records be preserve I, and al«o
that it will be necessary for us to obtair
permits to hold race*, with the sanciion of
the league. This, it seems to me, is only
* reasonable demand. The coast cyclists
have already seceded from the National
League, because of the prohibiting of Sun
day racing, and we wish tney would go
nne step more ahead of the National
League and grant us the recognition we
DBk."
MEMORIAL DAY PARADE.
Very Extensive Preparations Being
,-. Made by the Grand Army.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19.— Memorial
day exercises this year will be on a more
extensive scale than usual. The Grand
Army committee has organized with E.
"W. Woodward as chairman and Mrs.
Harah C. Borland as secretary. They have
appointed the following committees:
Mime and parade— C. K. King, Captain O
W. AVeathern, Major Jack Hays, cap"aln
Charles I'oulter S. Knight, O. K. Lancaster
Major Woodward. """H
Finance— B. Juddell, p. Carroll, M Ham P
C Shipley. A. J. Weinhert, Mrs. E. Mommy
Mrs. J. fUmelln, Mrs. Campbell, Mrs.Stothard.
Press-Mrs. 8. C. Borland, 0. K. King, Mrs.
Campbell.
Flags— F. C. Shipley.
. Transportation— F. V. Farwell, W. H. H. Hus-
Bey, O. M. Bryan.
Cemetery exercises —W. C. Barnes, Bam
Knight, Mri. L. Whlicomb. !.;""
Evening programme- Mr*, & c. Borland
Mr-. H. BhorkTey Mrs. Shipley. Mrs MB*
llorr, Charles Wimiim. 7< "' "'
- Hall— Captain W. K. Thomas, George C. Cul
len.
Floral— Mrs. M. M. Bridges, Mrs. F. Billine
ton, Mre. A. Goodwin, Mrs. a. Wlnltier N
■Horn, H. N. Richardson. f
Senator Perkins has asked the Secretary
of War to order United States troops at
the Presidio to participate in the parade.
" C. K. King has been elected grand marshal
and at the Congregational church there
- will be many novel features.
.' High School Teachers' Deficit.
I OAKLAND. Cal., April 19.— There is a
/ deficit in the High School fund, and one
1 of two dilemmas has to be faced. Either
\ the teachers will have to work a week or two
Vor nothing, or the school will have to be
closed two weeks in advance of the usual
time, as was done last year, owing to the
same condition of the treasury.
Plowmen on Strike.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19.— The men
employed in plowing in the vineyards in
Washington Township wont on a strike
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
to-day because their demand for a raise of
pay from $1 25 to $1 50 was not granted.
There, is. likely to be trouble down there,
as the vineyards must be attended to at
this particular time, and the strikers say
they will resist the efforts of any imported
plowmen to take their places.
Two People Missing. •
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19.— Mrs. Carrie
Frost and Grove L. Tinkliatn cannot f . be
found. Mrs. Fro-=t was the wife of a prom
inent Southern Pacific official and he re
cently obtained a .divorce. Tinkham was
also in the employ of the railroad and was
recently discharged. Fro«t Drought suit
against Tinkham for $50,000 for alternat
ing his wile's affections and now that case
is Hearing trial. Mr?. Frost and Tinkham
have both disappeared ana it is «aid they
are both out of the State.
Will Risk Life Again.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19. — James
Hunter, the old man who made two at
tempts to die because his racehorse could
not win, has decided to give his ani
mal, Gold Bus, another opportunity. He
has been released by the police and will
enter the horse in one more race, and, he
says, on that race his life will nan;.
Identified After Burial.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19. — The re
mains gf a man found in the estuary near
Bay Farm Island have been identified as
those of Michael Scaffani. Hi 1 went out
fishing a month ago in a skiff and was
evidently drowned. The identification
was made by means of the clothing, and
the body, which was buried in the Pot
ter's field in San Francisco, has been dis
interred and the young man buried in the
same vault with his father.
Kmimffirtcn Mint Disgorge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Arril 19.— Solomon
Baumgarten had a bad day in Judge Ells
worth's court this morning. The court
held that he was liable to every letter of
the contract he made with his young wife
i prior to her marriage to him and it was
! ordered ihat all conveyances made to
| other rarties be pet aside and that he deed
1 one-half of hia entire property to his wife
| within thirty days or the court will ap
i point a commissioner to do it.
A THOUSAND MEMBERS.
Ambition of the Board of Trade for
>'ext Year.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19.— The Board
of Trade has issued the following circular
| regarding the annual election which is to
I be held to-morrow night:
The annual meeting of the members of the
Oakland Board ot Trade will be heid in the
' Exi)o«itioii buiding Tuesday evening, April
20, at 8 o'clock. A full attendance le ear
j neatly desired. Annual reports will bs read
! arid eleven directors will be elected for ihe en
i suing year. It Is desirable that one director
I be chofcn from North, one Irom West und one
I from East Oakland, tho other eignt from near
the center of the cily, uo that a quorum can
readily be had et ail meetings. Tuey should
be men who have the confidor.ee of the whole
j cofflmunity, and who will attend all meetings
1 unless sickness or somethiug unavoidable oc
curs to prevent.
Whether our membership is large or small
our expenses are about the same; therefore,
J ail members are earnestly requested to do ali
i in their power to influence per.-ons not al
ready members to joiu this organization, so
i that we may have greater power to improve
build up and beautify our city. If we cou:d
; increase our membership to 1000, more influ
-1 ence could be exerted and greater good ac
| complished. If members would let the secre
tary know of parties who would join, or st-nd
in their names lo Dim, it wou la help greatly.
An invitation has been received for the
board to be present In a body at a pure food
I congress to be held at the Chamber of Com
merce, Ban Francisco, April 30. at 10 a. m.
| This movement Is of vital importance to the
. fruit interests and other industries of the
I State. We trust that a full representation of
the O.ikland Board of Trade wiil be present on
fiat occasion. Your* truly,
James P. Taylor, President.
Craiqle Sharp, Secretary.
"PROMOTED TO GLORY"
Mrs. Sergeant-Major Brown Ends
Life's Battle at an
Early Age.
While on Salvation Army Duty She
Contracted a Co d Which De
veloped Consumption.
Oakland Office Ban Fbaxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, ADril 19. f
Mrs. Addie Brown, wifo of Sergeant-
Major Brown of the Salvation Army, was,
in the language of her comrades, "pro
moted to glory" this morning.
For more than a month the (jeatli of
Sister Brown has been hourly expected,
but with a remarkable vitality she has
been able to stave off the final moment.
Fidelity to duty was the cause of her
early death.
IfcTwo years ago while conducting meet
ings at Haywards Mrs. Brown contracted
a cold, which developed into consump
tion. Savers! months ago a trip East was
undertaken for the purpose of trying to
restore her health, hut the^relief was only
temporary and on her return she com
menced to decline.
The deceased was not yet 32 years of
oge and has been an active and earnest
worker in the army for nearly a dozen
years. She leaves a husband and two
children — one a boy of 8, the other a little
girl but little over a year o <i.
Soon after the army commenced woric
in this city Servant-Major and Mrs.
Brown joined the rank?, and they have
never swerved in their allegiarce to Its
ring. Mr. Brown is the man who origin
ated the army work at San Quen tin which
has Mnce attained such marked success
and popularity.
To-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
aimy barracks, where the deceased sister
was well known as a pianist and singer,
funeral services will be conducted by the
officers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
MAY ENTERTAIN
DELEGATES FREE
Ambitious Plan to Persuade
Endeavorers to Settle
Here.
Cit z?ns Asked to Entertain
Them in Their Homes Dur
ing Convention Week.
Energetic Effois Bring Made to Ben
efit by th? Pr:se: c- of the Del
egates in This County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
yu« Broadway, April 19. f
A brand-new plan of advertising th s
county is being considered by those hav
ing in charge the entertainment of the
Christian Endeavor delegates at the com
ing convention.
Ex-Councilman W. E. Barnard and J.
C. Bullock, a leading member of the Wast
Oakland Improvement Club, are of the
opinion thai the greatest benefit that can
be derived by the presence of so many
Eastern people I. ere is to take them into
Aiameda County homes and entertain
them during their stay.
Next Friday night the celebration com
mittee will meet and the plan will be con
sidered. It is as follows: To canvass the
city of Oakland and surrounding towns
for the purro-e of finding out how many
citizens will entertain free one delegate
for ihe week from the 7th to the 14ih of
July. Thi^, it i? urged, will not be a
hardship (in any one and cannot fail to
create a permanent impression of this
county ou the visitors.
It is cv.Mi proposed to provide the dele
gates with ferry tickets so tUat they will
be able to cross to this side of the bay and
enjoy a whole week at little or no expense
to themselves.
At the next meeting of the West Oak
land Improvement flub the raalter will
aiso be brought up. Tnat club ha* been
doing very efficient work of late especially
in the matter of causing the objection
■bl« Wen Oakland marsh to be trans
formed into a public pane, and its mem
bers are sanguine concerning anything
that will ;end to build up their end *oi the
city.
Laree quantities of the book entitled
"Furts and Figures of Alaraeda County,"
10,000 copies of which were purchased by
the Supervisors for gratutious distribu
tion, have been forwarded to Christian
Endeavor centers in the East, 38 it is con
sidered that this will pave the way for the
dtlegates to receive a permanent favor
able impression of this side of the bay.
The book is beautifully illustrated and
finely printed and is entirely devoid of
advertising matter. The distribution is
now being conducted by the Merchants'
Exchange.
The "Oakland Day" of the Christian
Endeavorera ncs been set tor .Inly 13.
THAT ATHLETIC ROW.
The Stanford Statements Have
Aroused Much Indig
nation.
Their Position Slated 07 the Track
Captain ani Manager of the
Berke'ey TV am
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 19.— A final
statement of California's position in the
controversy with Stanfor t has been made
t>y Track Captain Brown and Manager
Barnes, reviewing the points at issue
from the commencement of the discus
sion. Before compilation of the state
ment, a meeting of ail the athletes was
Held in North Hall, with Professor Ed
ward C. Bacon.
It was decided that the men should
keep In training until Wednesday even
ing, to be ready if Stanford should agree
to arbitrate the points -it issue. It was
also settled that Berkeley will not send a
team East. The professors thought It
beneath the dignity of a great university
to follow the cardinal men across the
Rockies for an athletic cunteit.
A great deal of bitterness has been
aroused by some remarks from Palo Alto
reflecting upon the motives of the Berke
ley athletic management As the latter
has only asked for arbitration and stands
ready to abide by the decision of nn
bias*d judge*, such remarks are indic
nantly received and are regarded as un
cai.ed lor. By way of reply some of the
more hotheaded collegians aver that
Manager Brown of Palo Alto by avoiding
a contest with Berkeley is escaping from
the embarrassing prospect of aending to
compete on Eastern fields a team de
feated at home.
Followine is the statement of the case
by the Berkeley manager and captain :
The manager and captain of the truck team
of the University Club firstly, finally and
briefly, herewith give to the public the rea
sons for the failure to have an intercollegiate
field day :
The track manngers of the two teams failed
to agree upon two points: first, the time and
place of hsviug the bicycle race; second the
manner of scoring the points.
It seemed impossible to come to an agree
men. so the University of California manaeer
deslrcrtto have the questions at Issue settled
by arbitration. The managers of the two
teams, together with the chairmen of the two
laculty committees on Intercollegiate ath
leiics, met at the University Club.
Negotiations came to naught because the
manager of the Stanford team flatly refused
to allow the questions to be arbitrated Thero
upon the manager and chairman of the fat
uity committee of California declared that
without arbitration tliero could be no contest
The California team will remain in training
until Wednesday evening, April 21. which is
the latest date when any reconsideration may
be had. Iv no event will the contest take
place unless the matters at Issue are arbl
tr&t6G.
l'be reasons for the stand taken by Cali
fornia areas follows:
First— ln iho matter of the bicycle race
Both managers agreed to have this race on the
Velodrome track, but Stanford's manaeor
wanted It on the same afternoon aa the Held
day, whi.e the California manager wanted to
nave Jton the afternoon before, aa an adver
tltement and matter of convenience, and of
fered to pay all the extra expen-es of th«
Stanford men. Failing to agree Stanford with
drew its consent to the Velodrome track and
insisted that it be held on .he O.vmpic cinder
track. The Olympic track has bl-en found to
be exceeiingly dangerous for fast ridine
Second— As to the mmter of scoring" Tha
agreement between California and Stanford
provide* that the rules of the Amateur Ath
lotic Union of the L'nited States shall irovern
all contests. The ruk-i at the time of the adon
tl u on °i w li »c •Kf/ement prescribed that scoring
should be five for first, three for second and
one for third place.
At the meeting of the two lntercollcßiate
commiiu-es in February last, which conned
of three represiMiiatives from each university
tne matter «.l scoring was britfly tonsiderei
and four of the »ix members declared in iavor
of five, tlirce and one. The matter was not
put to a vote, iiowever, because it was t^oueht
that the r le of the A. A. U. covered tne
point At h last two field dyg the captains
agreed to fl\», two and one and did so without
any authority. At previous field days the
scoring had been five, three, one .
The manager of the California team, not
finding provision lor scoring in the rules of
the A. A. U.. telegraphed 10 Mr. McMillan
president of the union, and received the fol
lowing reply: . ...■
._. - _ _ >'kw York. March 27.
Thomat I. Barnes, Berkeley, Cat.: ihe ruses of
the union «bout storlui? preicrib-anr method but
custom is five po n:s ' for first ptize, three for sec
ond and one for (.bird. . Harry McMillan ,
In all previous contests with the Olympic
Club the scoring has been, five, three one- in
the A. A. L. the scoring is five, three, one' in
the Western Intercollegiate nt Chicago 'and
a. so in all intercollegiate meets In the East it
is fiv.-, three, one. The only exception to the
rule Is at New York; where in the Eastern in
tercollegiate tne scoring is five, two one
which 13 a change from the former custom'
and. as rumor has it, was done to prevent one"
of the colleges with a large entry list irom
winning. ~ . ..; - ■-
W. W. POOTE RETAINED.
New Move in the Fardee Cats— Array
of Attorneys.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 19.— Additional
interest was created in the Pardee will
contest to-dny when it became known
that W. W.Foote had been retained on
uehalfof tlie wiaow.
Attorney Foote will sit in the Fair case
till the jury is impaneled and will tnen
come over to the Pnrdee contest, which is
•et for Anril 27. Mrs. Pardee is now rep
resented by Attorneys Van R. Paterson,
B •?<[ & Nusbuumer nnd W. W. Foote, and
Dr. George C. Parde^ by Attorneys A. A.
Moore and Mastic:; & Masticlc.
<"r»7.y Through T.tqiior and Cigarette*.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19. — Arthur
Seabury, a well-known young man, wan
sent to Stockton to-day, being considered
a dangerous lunatic. Seabury U a tal
ented m inician and theatrical *cene
painter, but the excessive use of cigarettes
SAMUEL K. HASSINGER, a Weil-Known Pioneer and Repub
lican of Alameda County, Who Deed Yesterday.
and liquor has ruined his constitution
and mind.
IT V7ILL MOVE
The ) ■; .-. >>v t. lint Church Looking for
Another Site.
ALAMEDA, Cal, April 19.— Anotb-r
indication of the trend of improvement in
tnis ci'y toward the west is furnished by
the proposition of the Presbyterian
church to seek another site. At present
it is located at the corner of Versailles and
Central avenues, where it has been for
years. When the building was erected
there it was deemed probable that the
center of population would remain in
that portion of the city for year.-. But it
proved differently, and the steady trend
has been westward until now it has be
come nlmost imperative that a- move
ehoulfi be made by the church in order to
accommodate the greatest number of at
tendants. Several pieces of property have
been examined and options taken. As
soon as the present site can be sold a new
building wiil be undertaken. It is ex
pected tbat a structure of suitable size can
be erected for about $20,000, but nothing
will be done until a sale is made.
Death of n Pioneer.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 19.— William
Arrington, a pioneer well known in San
Francisco and elsewhere, was buried this
morning from the residence of his sister,
Mrs. LeanderP. Quint, 1583 Pacific avenue,
in this c:tv. Mr. Arrinnton came to this
coast in '49, was a merchant in 6an Fran
cisco for ninny years, wns a member of the
Vigilance Committee and bad a wide
circle of friends. His remains were taken
to Laurel Hill lor interment.
AN ELOPEMENT RECORD
Miss Emma May Loring Takes a
Second Husband Within
Eighteen Months.
Her H artbroken Motber Visits the
County Clerk's 0 fi:? md
Learns tbe Trim
Oakland Office San Francipco Call,)
9UB Broadway, Apri; 19. }
Miss Emma May Loring is not jet quite
20 yearn old, but she has already to her
credit two elopements and one divorce.
This afternoon Mrs. Loring visited the
office of the County Cleric and asked for
the marriage license book. She nai not
long in discovering (he entry, "Henry W.
Atienborough, aged 30; Emma May Lor
in*; aged 20." The discovery completely
upset the mother and she was overcome
with disappointment, sorrow and anger.
"So that fellow has taken away from
me my daughter, and now I have nothing
let:," she moaned. "I would rather any
thing had occurred — yet, anything — than
that. I suspected this on Saturday. It is
not tbe first time my girl has don* this
and I cot her out of that •crape; but this
is my thanks."
Mr?. Loring stated that on October 11,
1895, her daughter married against her
wish and without her knowledge. On the
date named Emma M-iy Loring and Her
man Brauniich came over here from Ban
Francisco and were secretly married.
Mrs. Loring knew nothing ot it till she
came over to Oakland, but it was then too
late to prevent tbe marriage. Braunlich
was Mrs. Loring's hired man, and the
mother's heart was well-nigh broken.
Mrs. Loring did not forgive her daughter
till some time later, when a divorce was
granted. Everything went smoothly at
tbe Loring home till last SatifrJr.y, when
her daughter again eloped and was mar
ried over here by Rev. J. E. Busline!].
Mrs. Loring is reputed to be wealthy.
The facsimile yrf r L//ITa. v>""* - is ou: every wrapper
•ignature of sJux//5/^eUcA4^: of CABTOEIA.
O'ER THE PLAINS
IN AN OX TEAM
Pioneer Hassinger's Active
Career is Now
Closed
His Wife's Insanity He'ped
Largely to Bring About
His D.ath.
Always an E-rn-st Politician, but
H- Hal No Desire for Any
Public Oifice.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Apr. I 19. j
Samuel K. Hassinger, one of the oldest
pioneers of the State, who died somewhat
suddenly at midnight, has for nearly half
n ceniury re.-ided in California. In 1852,
accompanied by his wife, he s'arted wllfa
ox-teams across the plains to California
and arrived in Stockton in the fall of the
same year. Since that time he has been
an active miner and contractor.
Mr. Hassinger located in Stockton for a
few yean and then removed to Knights
Ferry, where ha engaged in mining,
which proved very profitable. In 1857 he
was elected Justice of the Peace of that
town, and five years later he went to San
Franc'sco and opened business as a con
tractor, coming to this side of tne bay in
1&67, since which time he has permanently
resided in this city.
Seventy-one years ago he was born in
Newark, Del., and on bis father's farm
passed the first twenty-three years of his
life. Some members of his family still
reside theie, but on this coast no one sur
vives him but his wife, who has been for a
few years in an insane asylum.
Every politician in Oakland knows Sam
Hassinger. He has been an active Re
publican worker since the party was or
ganized, and has never shown aiiy desire
to be rewarded with office. He on one oc
casion was induced to accept the position
of saniiary commissioner of the Health
Office, but afier eighteen months he re
signed and never again took office.
Since the separation from his wife on
account of her mental derangement Mr.
lla«Mnger has been very moody and has
taken but little interest in public affairs.
He married when comparatively young,
and for the whole of a Jong life their do
mestic affairs were always smooth and
na rP7i a nd the enforced estrangement
contributed to bis death.
In this city he has built many large
blocks, the most prominent being the Ma
sonic Temple, Irom which ha will be
buried on Wednesday afternoon, having
long been a member of that body. Some
years ago he was possessed of considera
able realty, but recently it ha; slipped
through his fingers, and now he is net
known to own anything but a moderate
bank account.
The dpcased has no children, and his
closest friend, Peter Baker, does not think
he has left any will. This, however, is of
minor importance, as, after the payment
of his funeral expenses, there will be only
a small sum left to be used for the bentnt
of the widow.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H O Fnngerford, H V H Memer. Omaha
W A Thrall. Chuago CrHli Ellis, Log An*
Mrs n li Kills, Los An* Mrs W A Thrall, Cbgo
Mr* X Mailisoc. L Ang O F Long USA
\V (1 Lloyd, N V Mrs O F Long, USA
Mm Dllthey, Savannah HD Campbell. Keawtck
Mm A By ram, Chicago Mrs J A Terry, rnlcago
Mrs v C liyrne, Chicago 8 H West fail, H V
8 B Dan lets, Chlco J H Tapscnit, Yreka
Mrs J X i'apscotr, Yreka Mrs T p. l.lttle, Mass
D W Mutr, Los Aug W X Kills Jr. Marv'svllle
Mrs 1> W .Mulr. Los Ang H R Plate, Stanford
T J Field, Monterey X J Hobens, Los Ang
C C Kuggles <fe w, chjto Mrg J B Modeseke, rngo
X A Ford & w, PlttsburgMlss J B Ford, Fittsbunr
DrCL Bard, Ventura V W Gatton, New Mcx
8 No man, NY V D Black, Salinas
X Koseabenc. N V Karl Stern, Hamburg
F X Harkness, «'heo Mrs Hosenberg, N V
A CBIB-{taam.Marysvi'leO A Brown, fait Lake
lao Klnnell. Tehaina Mrs Blugham, MarysvUn
OH AND HOTEL.
J T Judd, Welman H I, Williams, Cal
A J Uardlner, f acto J H Hail, ssanta Ana
A C stuart, -NY J Wheeler, s l Oblspo
H Casey, sacto J H Maggard, Ohio
V Hellnke. Blockgburg U T Baldwin, Elam Fill
8 Conradl, Los Angeles T Thompson, i* V
F c Adams, NY. .Miss X Adams, N V
Miss Holum, Phila Miss llolum, Fhlla
P A Jacobs, Chicago A P Hall <fe w, Tnlar*
Mrs F W salsbury, Pa Mrs L A Jones N Jersey
Mrs C W Fox,Gardn Vly J \V Mir it fam, St Louis
R Blackgtoct, Ventura X wi»;er, Ventura •
Miss 1. ore -n, Cal c F Wilbur, .Newcastle
s J Krooks, -N V Mrs t \V r*allnser, Ohio
F J iriedmun. Mo M Walser. Fresno
F Carpenter, NY It Needham, Modesto i 1
W Stephens, Redding \V F Greene, Wash, D C
Miss Myers, San Jose ,Qai •! ruman, utter Crk
F A Voorhies, Cal • « P Evans & w.Kt Way n
Mrs X 1 KaHus, Sn Jose J B Klchsrdioo. sulsun
£ W Armstrong it w.Cal Mrs A Payne, Mass
Miss J Payne. Mass v F Bcs'.lett, Llvermoru
T W . untington, Sacto ' J M Cronln; Marysvtlle
J H Hoover, Willows T A Lander <& w, !-ac:o
N B fccorlelU, Palo Alto . X i! Thompson, Oakland
L Krankrlrth, Mtlwauks Mrs W Franufirth, Wis
H Frank flrth, Mil wauke I'D Williams, Boston
Mrs T £ Urover, Boston W F Fisher, Calistoca
F B Black. Blacks Sta
" LICK HOUSE.
W H Turner, Merced ' • Mrs J M Mannon, Tlklah
O M Hulstead, It Keyes J ■ Mcßrlde. Cal
O I) McLean, Cal T Ylnson, .\ov - • -
M£> Wood, Merced L H Todd, Cal -
W Hawet, Mod>sto ■ - rj C H Kiege, Fresno
J M Williams, .\rwman J W liowell. Merced ■
O W Klbley <&w, Merced \V A Howell. Cal
I- c Wiitenmeyer, cal :: <■ W Kobey. Fresno '
W D Nichols, i'Blo Alto J M Mannon, Uftlah
W <ireen, Preston "> '„ -r H Mcfowen. Uiah
SH Wnß*n°r. Han Jose ;> ■ J Binnev, MarvsTllla
C V J.ott, orovllle A 'i owle & wf, Sacto
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & v CO.. AUCTIIMERIH. !
 Salewroomg— 1135 Market Stroas.
THIS UAV.
Tuesday .:.... :......'.:... April 80. 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. M.. at salesroom, .
1135 MAKKKT ST.; bet. ■ 7th an* Bth.
....VKtVILLBELL ..•'•''
AN ELEGANT LINK OF FURNITURE.
Carpets, !-toves»nd Ranges: Counter. Back-Bar,
one Uprlgtit Piano; M rroM and ehuffleooard,
Ulassware, Chain, lab.c-, etc.
: CMAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneer*.
ELEGAST FURNITURE. -
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) AT HA. M.,
737 HAVES. t'OItNEK WEBSTiK.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIKLD, Auctioneer.
■ > ■ - ■ ■ . ■ 602 Market Street.
L. 11. Bl!RD, AUCTIOi\bER. .
WABEUOUiiE, 21 1 L.AKKIX ST.
TO-MORROW, '■
Wedne5day. .............. April 21, 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at Above Warehouse,
TO PAY STOKAOK AN li ADVANCES,
....I WILL sitr.r '
20 Blcyc'e<, 1 lot of Shoes, 50 Beer Coolers, 60
burrels and cases Wines, lot of Ja anese curiosi-
ties, 5 cases imported Brlc-a-Brac, 2 Hestnurant
Outfits, lot 01 Books. et . ; 1 Piano. 1 Yost Type-
writer. L. U. BUKD. Auc :oneer.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
John Mulligan, r.utte Henry Davis.Butte.Mont
James ■ eecker. Victoria Dau Evans, Victoria
A i; (.'ummlugs, Drulea Harry Potter, Drulen '
» LuKuiaii, Chicago D W Latham. Chicago
Irv v Potter & w, Troy '■ Tom Luther, Buffalo .
Kdivard Long, Portland J W Noyies, Vancouver
N Willand.^an Jose . J A Murphy, t-acto j
B Harrington, Occidental If Webster, tan Diego
Van Patten Nonsuited.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 19.— The suit
brought by H. B. Van Patten apainst sev
oral prominent members of the Brooklyn
Presoyterian Church for fa.se imprison
ment came to a sudden end to-nipht.
Van Patten was Dut on the stand and
was a very poor witness in hia
own beijalf. When the prosecution closed
a motion for nonsuit was made by Attor
ney H. A. Melvin for the defence.
,Slr. Melvin stated that it was very plain
tne defendants had acted from upright
and pure inui.ve-. He argued that the
plaintiff was manifestly not doing right
by bis children, and the defendants
simply did what any true men and women
would do.
Judge Greene took the same view and
quickly granted th<» nonsuit.
MEDICAL.
T ADIES—
XJ . - — — - : .i :■: ■
RKNARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An Infallible cure. For further particulars and
explanatory letter, send 2 cents to Pacific Coast
Agency. P.enard Medical Co.. 823 tpreckeli build- (
ing, 927 Market St., -an Francisco. ■■
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION j
ifiom whatever cause) restored in a few I
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for >
travelers; home In continement: best care and ■
privacy: regular physician; 30 year*' successful ;
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly '
suppression never fall; every case guaranteed:coa-
sultatlon me. confidemla!: noun 10 to 6: pills sL |
MR& DR. WYi-.Til. 916 Post St.. near Larkin. .
DX. J. H. JO>SELYN, THE UKEA T SPECIAL- i
Ist, still offers bis valuable services to the un-
lonnnate. With a mind matured and enriched by !
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always rea iy
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
10 your delicate organism is beyond bis sure con- ,
trol. Hi* female monthly remedies are sure and :
eftfe la their effect*. His tried and valuable reme- ;
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In their |
action, and are warranted for both ycun.- and old. ,
lie excels all others In the cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him, to warrant
a cure la ail cases. Consultation parlors, yjd
Market st. Call or w rite direct to 900 Market at.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause: no electricity hum- \
bug or other dangerous methods; money in every ■
case refunded if a cure is not' effected: travelers
helped immediately: years' experience; home In i
confinement with unltarlan convenience. Cod- '
suit free the only reliable 1 physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla
liank: hours, 9a.m. to 6 and 7 tog p. »c '.- ." .'■
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RB- 1
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hoars when medicines |
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. - MRS. DR. DALEY, 1128
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore. ' ■ ■ ' ■■
ANJbW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
Btrument mcd: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day; (an be sent
and us I'd at home; positive cure; genuine new
procens can only be had at my office; advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER, 818 Kearay st.
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAP-ULEB - A i
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cnusei; positive safe and
sure: no dancer or niter effect*; taken In time it
also ao s as a preventive; price $160 per box: I
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 83 Grant aye. -\ ■ ■ :.• .<■.
DR. AND MRS. WhGENER. 526 EUDY SI.;
private home; every comfort: separate root*
before and curing confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician; quick relief !
for travelers: best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills j
RSi GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES j
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any |
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill. ;
tree diagnosis; low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Nest
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'B PENNY- '
-LJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safo, re- '
liable; take no other. Sen d 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ladies." in letter by return mall:
at druggist's. Cliichester Che m. Co.. Philadelphia
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
xv dies with teiuale troubles; no danger; sat* and '
sure; 92 60 ex press C. O. D.; don't delay until too '
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland;C»l. i
bUKK CURE FOR ALL FEMALK DIS- !
eases from whatever cnusss; a home la con- i
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar- .
anteed by MR& GWYEK, 226 Turi St..
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIB- I
XV, eases of the eye permanently cared at MRS. '
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st ; consultation free.
"TVU PRAE'S FKMALK REGULATING PILL'S;
XJ safe and efficient emrnenagoguo; SI per box.
RICHARDS <fe CO.,druggists, 406 Clay BU.soleagts,
L RKE MAGNETIC TREATMENTS. 10 TO 11
Jl a. M. DR. ST. CLAIK. olHce, 225 Geary st. .
UNSURPASSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
J troubles, diseases. MRS.DH. PUETZ, *th.
1 .R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NjiAH
-L' Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS - THB
..V »VEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing. ■
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. , 800 Us
0 26 and 27, Crocker huiiaiim.' Mltyliou* tUu •
76, Ban Francisco, ' Cat
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C, O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; REa
2864 25th st.: diseases of women a specialty.
PROPOSALS.
....
PROPOSALS FOR DRAYAGE — GENERAL
X Depot of the Quartermaster's Department San i
Francisco, Cal., April 20, 1897. »led proposals I
in tilplicatp, for the hauling of military stores and
supplies in and out the city of San Francisco
Cal., for the fiscal year commencing July 1 1897*
will bo receive 1 at thin office until 11 o'clock a *'
on Friday- the 21st day of May, 1897, ana then
opened. Tte Government reserves the. right to
reject any or all proposals. ■ All necessary Infor-
mation will be furn shed 01 application to this
ollice. JAMES M. MOO HE, Assistant T Quar er-
muster-General United States Army. DiDot Quar-
termaster. : ' ... w
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY »UPPLIES-
J General Depot of the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, d 6 New gOnier , y street, San Francisco,
Cal., April 19, 1897. sealed- proposal, in tripli-
cate, will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a. it. Pacific standard time, May 20, 1897. and
then opened, for furnishing this depot with the fol-
lowing articles of Clothing and Equipage and Ma-
terials tor the manufacture of Clothing, viz. : Corn
Brooms, G ling Line. Goose Iron, Hooks and
Mm , c cUMo T , lj »»t Operatives' Ledger, .Mallet,
Manilla lent Line, . Urommet Punch.. Hollow
Punches, - Cotton Rope, : Shovels, Trimmers'
Shears, Measuring Stick, lail.rs' Square, Tent
Stovepipe, Linen 'l bread, Wrapping Twine, White
1 ape and Silk Twl.t. Proposals for delivery at
otber points will be considered. The right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals, or any part
thereof. Is reserved. Preference wi 1, be given to
articles of domestic production and manufacture
conditions of quality »nd price (including in the
price of foreign productions and manufactures the
duty ther.on) being. equal, and such preference
given to articles 01 American production aid
manufacture prodnced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public service
there. - For copies of printed instructions to bid-
ders and blanks f.>r proposals apply m this office.'
Knvelopes containing proposa s should be marked
"Proposals for Military Supplies." and addressed
to the undersigned, JaMEh M. MOORE, Colonel
and AKsissaut Quartermaster-Genefal.U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermas.er.
J. C. EITHER. AUCTIONEER.
Office- 632 Market Street ,
Will sell THIS PAY, TUESDAY April 20, at 11
A. M. sharp, at the ncr of i-ov.ar 1 and 'I liii
streets th- conten-s of • flue large -aloon, includ-
Ing 15 Flue Mi rors, 10 Fine < a-< Show, liairels,
tine larue Liquor Case, - Bar. Tabli s. > hans, etc.;
also a fine s.ock 01 Wlnrg, L'quors and mass ware
an i 5 hanlsorr elarpeOil Polntlnes. ■.
This placo vvill hr.*t be offer/oil as a hole. All
most be told. no reserve or liiult. ...... , .
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
. AT •' TATTERS ALL'S,"
■■*' ' ' T*-^ flSSsSk^.' ; . • fi*-*L • ■
111 1IOVVAK1) STREKX, .
THIS DAY.
Tuesday ...... .April 20, 1897,
;: .' At 11 o'clock a. m., will be so' d
Fifty head of well-broken horses; 10 unbroken
horses welching from 1000 to 1300 - pounds; also
some well-broken saddle- horses and ponies; at the
same lime several good wagons, buggies, cart,
phaetons, new and s-cond-hand buggy an I wagon
harness. Sale positive. r<u limit, or rejerve. •
A. L CRESS WKI.L, Livestock Auctioneer.
Salesyrtrds— 721 and Tin Howard st ; . . =: ,
\'^t;i : BICYCI^KS.
T)ETIRING FROM BU-iINK^S: A COM PL TE.
Xi cytlery for sale: doing a good established busi-
ness. Cail I'JS'J Folsom st. .
TANDEMS, •■•96" PATTEK> , (JOOi» AS .NEW,
$70 and upward: bargains in second - band
wheels. Golden Rue Bazaar cyc.e department,
25 Geary st. . . '. ;. ,
STOKAGE. ;/•/-■
STORAGE-ROOM^, 2jxlo. *3 PER MONTH;
O rooms 10x12, $2; new ana dry. Dr.CKEK,
1020 Market St. ; '
EDUCr.D RATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
householu goo.la. etc. J. M 11ERCK, 785 Mku
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — Tl±i%
-V WEEKLY CALL. In nraoper. for maUing.
HOTELS. >£i •;- > --^^ :
BROOKLYN HOTEL, ■ 208-212 BUBH BT^
i-> board and room 91 to 5'J per day, (6 to $I'J
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suits
rooms tor family $1 to SI SO per night: nrsi-cl&u
cervica: tree coacb. CHAKLKB MONTtiOMEUs*
-
TRUSTEES' ' SALES.
_ ru -^,_ r^^^--^^^^ r-.r^nr.nrT ---'
mRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms ana under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by W. D. HOIAO.U
and HA'iriK >.. HOI.CO.H (his wife), parties
of the nrst part, to HENRI C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties
of the second part, and THK SAN FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 14, 18lH, and recorded
of the office o the County Recorder or the county
ot stains State of California, In liber 33 of
deeds, at pages 4 1 .■< and following, and In pursuance
! in a resolution pissed on tin* 4th day of March.
1897, qy the board of directors of said MAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION", a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 11, 861), 10 secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
I executed, declaring that default had been made in
- the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust/and re-
! questing and dlrec lne said HENRY c. CAMP-
I BELL and THADDKUS B. KENT, trustees, to
1 sell the real- estate described therein to satisfy
I said Indebtedness. '■•■-■ ' ...
We, HENRYV. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
1 TUESDAY, the 27tn day of April. A. D. 1897. at
: 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room < f l-.iv-ton. Eldridge &Co No. 838 Market
street. In the CUr at d County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, the piece or parcel of land sit-
uate la the county of -t;uii»'a -, state of Califor-
| nia, described a* follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of
I surveys of the Government of the United States:
1 In township two (2) south, range twe ye
(12) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian;
oj ' section twenty-eight (2b) me southeast
quarter (s<E. Vi):
Of se tlon thirty-three (33) the east half of the
east naif (K. y a of K. 2 ) : " ' '■>
Of section ttiirty-four (34) the west hall (W.
Vis):
-In township three (3) south, range twelve (12)
I east, Mount Diablo base and meridian: •
i Of section four (4) the nortneast quarter (NE.
' V*); ...
I lontalnlnc In all ei;ht hundred an 1 three (803)
i icre« of land, more or less; together with the ap-
purtenances, -v-v..'-' -'-.=.*
1 TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
| signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
I livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
; of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
■aid ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to bo
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, l-r r ,,.».«.
' ■ THADDECTS li. KKN 1\ / TrUstees - ,
rrmusTEEs" sale— in accordance with
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by JAMES- f.
MACKLIN, party of the first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustee* parties ot the second - part, and
the bAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated May 16th..
I 1895, and recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the Ci y una County of San .Francisco,
I State of California, in liber 166U of deeds, at
paces 70 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 10th day of September,
1896, by the board of directors of sa!a SAN FP-AN-
CI CO SAVINGS UMON. a corporation, and the
! holder of the note (No. 13,481). to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
! ins; and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
I and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees. 10 sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said iu-
debtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
iB. KENT, trustees, do here give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of May, A. D. 1897,
1 at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
, salesroom of Easton.Eldrldge & Co., No. 638 Market
j street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
[ State of California, we will sell at public auction,
I to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
I United states, the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the City and County of -an Francisco, state of
California, described as follows, to wltt '
lots tiU v. Dt r.s twenty-three (-3) and iwen:y-four
(24), in block H. as shown and de ineated on the
map entitled "Original Map of the Property of the
I ParK Hill I lorn .•stead Association." surveyed by
William I. Humphreys' City and County Pur-
veyor. Ju.y lain. 1878. tiled August 3d, 1878. la
the office of .he County Rfcorderof said City and
county of i^nn Francisco and now of recoid there-
in in liter, of maps at pulps 165 and 1(53; and to
which map n.cl the r. cord thereof special refer-
ence is hereby made lor further or more particu-
lar descrip- Ion; together with the appurtenances.
I TERMS OF sale— l ash in go:d coin of th»
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
very of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days b Ing allowed for search), then
snld ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. '
MKNRY C. CAMPBELL) „„„„ !
THADDEUS B. KENT. } Tn ' st «e»-
mRUSTEES' SALE- IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed or trust, duly executed by WILLIAM *:
HOPKINS and LIZZIE GtSKTRCDE HOPKINS
(lis wife), and WILLIAM H. L. BAHNtS,"
parties of the first part, to HENRY C
CAMPBELL and TIIADbLCS £.. KENT, trui-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINt.s UNION, party of the
third part, dated May Ist, 1890. and recorded
in the office or the County Recorder of the City
and county of San Franc sco, State of California,
In liber 1402 of deeds, at page* 88 and follow-
in;, and in pursuance of a resolution passed on
the Bth day or Al ril, 1897, oy the board of direc-
tors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
a • corporation, and the holder of the note (No.
10,001). to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executed, declaring that default
had been made in the payment of the principal
sum and : other turns due under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and TUADDEU3B.
KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said indebtedness. -
We. HKSi.Y Q. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 11th day of May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, am at the auction,
salesroom of Ka.iton, Kldridge &Co.. No. 638 Mar-
ket street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction.'
to the lilchest bidder, for cash in co.d coin of the
United States, the piece or parcel of land situate
in the City and County of san Francisco, State
of California, described as follows, to wit: - ' ■
Commencing at a point on the southerly line of
Suiter street, distant thereou one hundred anil
thirty-seven ■ f*«t six inches (137 and 6-12 -feet)
ersteily from the easterly line of Leaven worth
street; running thence easterly along said line of
t>utier street one hundred acd thirty-seven feet
six inches f!37and 6-12 feet): thence at- rlthl
angles southerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
sx inches (137 and 6-12 feet): thence at right
angles westerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
six inches (137 and 6-12 fept), and ibe.ice : t right
angles northerly one hundred and tulrty-sevenfeet
six inches (137 and 6-12 fe»t> 10 the point of com-
mencement: being lot number one thousand one-
hundred and twenty one (1121) of the tifty-vara
lot survey of the City of San Francisco, according
to the official map thereof: . together ; with the ap-
punenances. ...... 'VMfrjJL liQ'''J '■' '
TEIiMS OF SALE— In gold coin of the
United States. 10 per cent payable 10 - the under-
signed on the fall Of the hammer, lalance on de-
livery of deed, and if not bo paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search) then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to Ibe
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense, i
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, V, r ''
THADDEUS B. KENT. .} Trustee*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£?&?££??* ** " -Established!
V in im,j4 lor the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Last Manhood. Debility or
graf ase wear! neon bodyand mindand
Or. 4. r, SJothp.-sfftrl. Try him. Charges low
BH« nrraeuaiantrril. Callorwriri!
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
I
BT7PTNEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco CaM>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every ;
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, f
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
R8» Hayes street, open until 8: SO o'clock.
616 larkin street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1505 Poik street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets: open t'.!l 9 r.-c'.'Ck.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
8^35- oriental lodge no. 144, f. •
»=^^and A. M. —F. C. degree THIS J^
(•IUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. itjt
A. a HUBBAKD, Secretary. . f^y >
»-^3s= GOLDEN GATE L.ODOK NO. 30. m
kv^ F. aud A. M.— Called meeting THlS^*^
(TUESDAY) 1 VEXING, April 20, at "^OTCjf
o'clock, tint degree. /^r >
GKORGE J. HOBC Secretary.
R^S=» SAN FRANCISCO LODGE ■^k"\;'"a,
m~-& No. :-!, I. O O. F.— Officer* and
members will please tace notice to at-
•end the funeral of our late brother, ' '-''" v^
J. W. DODGE, Memorial Hall, seventh and Mar-
ket sts., 1 ueslay. April 20, at 2 :30 P. M.
C. NIELSEN, N. O.
F. A. Jennings, Secretary.
BKS- OFFICERS AND MEMBERS »
tt^ 6 ' Austrian Benevolent Society— You &gs*M^j
are Hereby notified to attend your regu:aragn£»
meeting WEDNESDAY EVENING, ffiKtsg
"April 21, at 8 o'clock sharp. Appointing fr *H&* >
of pKnlc committee, donation anil other Important
business will be transacted By order
J. W. STANEaRT, President.
A. CosfSficH, Secretary.
9TW CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
SZ& THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
dividend Notices.
RT^E* DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
8~-^ 42 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchlnson sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327 Market
street, on and after Tuesday, April 20, 1897.
Transfer books will close Wednesday, April I*,
1897, at 3 o'clock p. it.
K. H. SHELDON. Secret
SPECIAL NOTICES.
i^ C. L. TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
fe^*^ to redeem Hunk at 1654 Market si.
ttsS* NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
m~-& the Miria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st
has received the following orphan and half-or-
phan girls from December 31, 1896, to April 1,
1897: Carrie Elizabeth Nickerson. 8 years 1
month; Cecile HilloUe Williamson, 9 years; Char-
lotte Montanya, 8 years 8 months; Phoebe Mon-
tanya, 5 years 11 months; Milfred Nelson, 12
years 9 months; Helen Beatrice Reglan, 1 year:
Elsie May Knudson, 8 year* 10 months: Mabel
Danneviß. 10 yeurs 4 months: Lillian Dannevig, 6
years 1 month: Kdlth Howard, lOyears 3 months-
Nellie Simons, 11 years 2 months: Harriet Flor-
ence Odium, 6 years; Madora Sharp, 1 year 8
months.
W^jS' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
BF^ 1 collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Monury St., room 6: tel. &680.
|^S* A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
&-& WEEKLY CALL. Id wraDper. tor mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
A FIRST-CLASS COOK, ACCUSTOMED TO
cooking for institutions, asylums, schocln.etc,,
with the oest of reierences. is deAirou-< of securing
a situation. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Suiter st.
IpiRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS DESIRES SlT-
uatlon; best references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
\J to do general housework; city or country. 612
O'Farrell st
"L"lKsr-CLA>S IR'bNER WISHES SITUA-
X tion. 626 O'Farrell st
DRKbSMAKKR, NEAT WORKER, GOOD ON
children's dresses, wishes more engagements
In families; 76c a day. Address W. M., box 34
Call Office.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework or a* second girl. Apply or
address H. Q, , 51 South Park.
WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO DO GEN-
' » eral housework in country. 136 Perry.
GOOD COOK (GERMAN) DESIRES SITUA-
tion as cook or wil! do general housework:
will not work less than $20. Please call 24 11th.
ELDEKLY CATHOLIC WOMAN DESIRES
situation as infant:* nurse or young children;
wages not less than $25; highest references. Ad-
dress Nurse. 3033 Sixteenth st
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED GKRMAN
Xt woman wishes situation to do light house-
work or care of children; good references. C. B.
box 30, Call.
pOMPETKNT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
\J wishes situation: understands housework; is a
good cook: city or country. 468 Jessie St.
GIRL, 15 YEARS, WISHES SITUATION TO
do light housework and assist with children;
prefers to sleep at home. 355 Jessie st
VINE SEWER WILL RUN MACHINE OR
X do hand-sowing for 60c an afternoon, from 1
until 6. H. X., box 94, this office.
T'OUNG FRENCH «. IRL WANTS PLACE TO
do light upstair* work: first-class reference
given. Address P. M., box 106, Call office.
yOUNG LADY OF GOOD APPKABANCE
X desires position in dry-goods store, speaking
good French: no objection to small wages. Ad-
dress A. M.. box 106, Call Office.
pESPECTABLE AMERICAN WOMAN
Xt wants to work by the day; central housework •
good plain cook. Address G. P.. 321 Tehama su
pOMPETENT PERSON WOULD LIKE TO
V; care for a house during the summer months:
thoroughly understands cooking and care of house •
best city references. Call 1505 Pine st.
•youNG Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper in hotel, widower's or bachelor's
home; will do pi < in sewing. 1122 Maricei, rm. 31.
VXPERIE^'ED AMERICAN WOMAN DE-
XU sires position as chambermaid in hotel, lodg-
lnz-house or private family: good sewer. Ameri-
can Woman, box 49, Call Office.
pRACiICAL AND ATTRACTIVE YOUNG
X lady desires to secure a place as typewriter and
steiiognpher; no objection to country. Rooms 3
and 4, 309 -utter st
THIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES PLACE IN
X private American family; city or couuiry. 321
Taylor st
EASTERN YOUNG LADY, ACCOMPLISHED
an.i experienced, wants a place as housekeeper
in bachelor's or widower's home. Room 2, 223
Post st '. •,;;•-
-IADY OES. RES SITUATION AS NURsE,
Xj or would take patients to her own house,
where they will receive best of care. 261 Minna st
XV ANTED —BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
"housework and sleep horns or work by the
hour. Apply 17 Kausch B t, rear.
QWEDISH WOMAN WITH CITY REFER-
vD ence would like a situation as cook. H. C, box
8, Call Office.
yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
J. housekeeper, or will do plain sew-In*. 821
Mission St.. room 5.
W "ANTED— SITUATION BY MIDDLE-AGED
T» woman for housework or chamberwork a
lew ho.. daily. Address Mlib. A. W. box 18
Call Office. - !—*»,,
WEDIHH GIRL WANTS A PLACE TO UO
O general housework. Call at 924 Natoma st.
L IK»T-tLA>» JEWISH OR AMERICAN
X cook wishes situation;, best city reference S.
A., 2219 Polic st
Y^OUNG LADY OF REFINEMENT DESIRES
X position or trust Cail 1346 Market s., rm 2.
IDDLE-AGE WOMAN WANTS TO TAKE
X»X care of children iv nice family. 2683 Po,t st
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EASTERN
O woman; any kind of work in Institution, din.
ing-roum or chamberwork in hotel; good reference
given. -Address A. L., oox 75, Call Office.
GOOD WASHER WISHES FAMILY SMALL
or Infant's washing. Address- KNIGHT, 106
Prospect place. . .
\[KAT GIRL WISHES A PLACE TO DO
Xi housework and assist with children; wages
$12. Address H., Call Branch, Sixteenth and
Mission sis.
RESPECTABLE ELDERLY WOMAN DE-
alre* position to do general housework In small
family;, good plain cook. Apply 1907^4 Mission
at, in bakery.
pESPECTABI.E WOMAN WANTS A PLACE
Xt to do general housework; city or country. 10
Wetmore place, off Washington St., bet Powell
and Mason. \
WOMAN, WITH A CHILD 2 YEARS OLD,
wants a situation to do general housework
where there is no children; willing to work for $5
monlu. . Apply 1623 Garnet st. •
VOING GIRL WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X second gin and do housework; references. Call
l!/25 Post st. —
■yOUNG, STRONG GERMAN WOMAN
X wants work by the day washing, ironing,
houaecleaning; $1 and carfare. Call -or address
673 Minna St., near Seventh. ■ • *
WIDOW WANTS A PLACE TO WORK BY
rooai b 85 dftJr ad " lee * > hQiu ** - * ..Stvwuto at,
FITfATIONS TrANTKl>— Contlnned.
KESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
XV the day; houseclenning or any kind of work.
Address box 44, Call Office.
WANTED— SITUATION WITH A FlR*T-
class hairdresser to learn the business. Ad-
dress M KS. IDA AUBURN, Kelsey House, 535
Twenty-fourth si., Oakland. -
OMPETKNT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
\J tion to do general housework: firsi-ciass cook:
understands merman and American cooxing; best
city reference, call :or two days at 523 Minna st.
EXPEHIENCED DRESSMAKER, 18 FIRST-
Xj class fitter and designer, wishes few more en-
gagements- Address 1004 Market si., room 6.
A GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
housework and cooking; wages > $20. 1889
Baker street, near Geary.
■\ravsa lady desires POSITION AS
1 housekeeper. 121 Montgomery st, room 8.
■pESPECrABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
-1 v tion as cook or to do general housework; refer-
eucts. 1912 ateluer st.
■vrOUNGLADY DESIRES POSITION AS GOV-
X erness or companion: holds first-class certifi-
cate; nea seamstress; wages $20 to $25. Cail 3
days. 2323 Howard st.
poMPETENI LADY DESIRKS SITUATION
\J as housekeeper for a widower with family;
city or country town; or lady's companion. 1926
Market st . room 32.
VIIDDLE-AGED WOMAN OF IB YKARSEX-
i"' perience, and daughter 23 years, woulJ like a
position In hotel or boarding-house; highest refer-
ences. Van Ness House, room 42.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL DESIRES SIT-
v uation; general housework in gcod family;
good reference. 2610 Bush st
pESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES TO DO
it washing and ironing by the day. 820 Folsom
St., upstairs.
■yOUNG ACCOMPLISHED EASTERN WIDOW
X desires a place as managing housekeeper;
bachelor's or widower's home preferred; wiU do
plain sewing. Room 3. 12OVs Geary st.
SITUATIONS "WANTED MALE.
CHINESE & JAPANFSE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
VJhelp;teLmain 1997. BRADLEY Co. .64O Clay
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614 Vi Califor-
nia st, near X' arm. 'lei. main 231.
CHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414y 3 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
! TAPANUSK, ESEEMPLOYMT OFFICE:
O waiters, bousecleaners. 30 Geary: teL red 143.
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPENKSE EM-
O ployment office. 511 Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
JAPANESE INTI-.L^IGKNCE AGENCY. K.
«J 90. Su Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st: tel Main 6234.
TIT ANTED— BY AN ELDERLY MAN PLACE
'» as cook, chore*, etc. : small wages. Address
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st
"\y-ANTED-BY A YOUNG MAN A POSI-
'" tlon as porter and shipping clerk; has had
6Va years' experience In last place. Address Por-
ter, box 65, Call office.
QTEAUY BOY, AGE 16, RESIDING . WITH
O parents, desires situation. Z. U., box 153. Call.
IfURsT-CI.ASS CARRIAGE AND WAGON
blacksmith: also horseshoeing. 191 Shipley st.
yOUXG MAN, SINGLK, WISHES POSITION
X as gardener, milker, etc.; ran groom and drive
if required; personal references. P. S., 134 Fourth.
p AKDEXER, THOROUGHLY EXl'E-
*.' rlenced, Scotch, wants situation: best of tes-
timonials. Address Y. Z., box 77, this office.
"ENGLISHMAN WANTS SITUATION ON
X\i gentleman's place; good groom; can milk
cows, etc ; references. A. C, box 93, Call Office.
•yOUNG MAN WITH EXPERIENCE DE-
X sires position as man about i lace: reference
given; wages not less than $20. 124 Wildey aye.
yOUNG MAN WILL GIVE PART SERVICE
. X for small remuneration or board in privat* or
lodginK-l>ou«-e; handy with tools or any capacity;
good references. C. M., box 38, Call Office.
pERMAN WISHES SITUATION: UNDER-
VJT stands care of horses, gardening, etc, ; handy
man around the place; good references. H. , box
79, Call Office.
yoCXO MAN WANTS A SITUATION ON A
X private place; orchard, vineyard or «mall
farm: handy with tools: sober and industrious;
neat of references. C. 8., box 49, CalL
yOUXU MAN DESIUES POSITION OF ANY
X kind; handy with tools; good driver and under-
stands care of horses: country preferred. Address
J. W. 8., 940 McAlll.ter st
■yOUNG MAN THOROUGHLY ACQUAINTED
X wishes position as laundry driver or similar;
3 years with one tirm; position more object than
wac*s; references or bond. F. J., box 93, CalL
yOCXG MAN DESIRES POSITION AS COL-
X lector or city drummer: will start on small
salary: can give best of reference or bond. C. A.,
box 48, > all. -jßggJi
AMERICAN MAN AND WIFE WANT SITU-
■A ations on ranch or dairy: man .No. 1 milker;
wife good cook. Address J." H., 95 Howard st
AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
ple, private place; man understands care of
rattle, horses and grounds, general work; wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54, Call Office. ;
youxG man Want.-* work handy at
X painting, paper-banging, whitening: country
preferred: will work reasonable by day or mouth.
HARRY X, G., box 133. Call Office.
L>XPERIENCED MAN. DESIRES POSITION
I Xli as manager or foreman quartz mine; under-
! stands- aaauylne, mine-surveying, timbering, too-
sharpening, handling men. A. L., box 98, Call.
rUJARTZMILL MAN WANTS POSITION;
V^*under»tttndB amalg.vmatli.g and concentrates.
Address .Miiiman, box 61, Call.
POSITION WAN 1 BY FIRST-CLASS CUT-
ter and tailor: reference given. Cutter, box 9,
Call Office. , />•■'-■ :\
MAN GOING ON A TRIP WOULD LIKE TO
do sign advertising. J. 8., box 16, Call omce.
POSITION AS HELPER IN MEAT MARKET;
X some experience; honest, sober and reliable;
references Kiven. Address la. C. LAURSKN, 627
Commercial su "~ ;..-•>'
WANTED — POSITION AS ASSISTANT
»T cook: quick and active; not afraid to work:
wages no object Address E. L. ALEXANDER,
834 Folsom st.
=97 MONTGOMERY CORNER OF CLAY—
- >-. I open until 9 -.30 clock; branch office or
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS POSI-
-0 tion as schoolboy; city or across the bay. Ad-
dress S. T. , box 16, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS CHINESE COOK; THOlt-
oughly experienced in all branches of Ameri-
can cooking; best of references. Apply AH LEE,
356 O'Farrell
GENTLEMAN 36, UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
AJT tlon. speakipg 5 la. guages well, desires posi-
tion as manager, instructor or companion In pri-
vate family; salary last question: excellent refer-
ences. Please address S. P. bTEKXAIJ, 814 Lar-
kin st.
, "-*■ ' '
(*1 C LA KKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
vJXd CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
TT'MPLOYMENT WANTED BY AN ELDERLY
Hi Canadian man on a ranch or private place;
nashan:leU horses, cows and poultry: moderate
compensation: city or country: sober and in-
dustrious: references. H. K. A., 674 Folsom st.
S* RONG BOY, 17 YEA Its OF AGE, WISHES
to work o.i a ranch. , 1206 Polk st
1 IVK SOBER TRUSTWORTHY YOUNG MAN
xj wants skua' lon; understands care of horses,
garden; good'mliKer; handy with plumber's an I
carpenter's tools; references, L. M, box 3UO, Call.
J~ market st— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
"T Call: want ads and subscriptions taiten.
POSITION WANTED AS ASSISTANT MIN-
X ing superintendent or full charge of small prop-
erty by young man of good habits; surveyor, book- i
keeper and assayer: best references. Addresi H.
W., box 60, Call Office.
"V'UKSE, VALET AND ATTENDANT WILL
-LV give services In return for fare to England:
6y 2 years' experience; references. Scot, Call
Ollice, Oakland. , ■*
YOUNG man, 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE in
mercantile trade, wants position in office or
any kind of work. Address C. E. H., box 91, CalL
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 1«7 NINTH
XJ si — Want ads aud subscriptions taken.
* TTRACUVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIABLE
-TV disposition desires a position as typewriter or
copyist 1 -lii/a Geary st., room 2, first floor.
.■yoiXNO GKRMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion as chambermaid; is perfect seamstress;
first-class family only. Apply or adlress 1112
Pierce st.'. bet. Eddy and Ellis
pOLORKD. WOMAN WANTs SITUATION AS
\J chambermaid or -light housework. Call or ad-
dress MRS. CARTER, 370 Natoma at.
yoUNG LADY KECKNTLY FROM THE
X East desires a permanent place as housekeeper
in a bachelor's or widower's home; city or country
or will do plain sewing. R. 2. 223 Post st, after 10.
V AN ELDERLY LADY. POSITION IN
respectab'e Protestant family:' ls : an experi-
enced seamstress, nurse or will be genera lv use-
ful; wishes a good home with small remuneration-
gooi reierences Address 23*6 Pine st, near
Fillmore. -■ . . ■' ■■ . . •
PXPKRIKNCED; AND PRACTICAL YOUNG
XJ lady desires .a . position as typewriter and ste-
nographer; ■ ctty or country. Rooms 3 and 4, 309
Sutter st.;-.;.' . ; , ' ■ ;■• ■:.■'_ ■■
yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X as housekeeper iv widower's household. £, i
XO6JB > ottitaaU'r ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
«ITITATTON« WANTKI>-rontlnm»<l.
JAPANESE ; WISHES POSITION; PLAIN
cooking, housework or any kind of work: ood
recommendation; wages B4. O. m., 700 California.
/'I f^ LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
v/ 1»J CALL: subscritulons un 1 want ad < taken.
W COX. SIXTEENTH ST. NEAR MIS
sion; branch oflicn of lvi Uu. bub-
ccriptions and want ads taken. •
yOUNG WOMAN WOULD I.IKE A SITUA-
X tion as huusekeeper; city or country. 138 a
Fourth st, room 4
YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Apply 120 a Eddy st., room 7.
\\T ANTED— POSITION AS MANAGING OR
• » working housekeeper by neat, practical Amer-
ican lady; is good cook; excellent manager; un-
derstands cure of milk: will not object to nice,
quiet country home with all modern conveniences:
*26; references given and required. Address
MRS. E. S.. box 187, Chlco, Butie County, CaL
£1 r LAHKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"•I" CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOUNG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Apply 120 a Eddy St., room 7.
yoUNG LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place; good disposition: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post st
KKFINED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French widow desires a place as housekeeper
or companion. Room 2, 122 Post st
fi]!\ LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
yjlO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
"yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X as housekeeper for gentleman. 223 Post st,
room 17, third floor.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
\J tion as cook or do general housework in small
family; city or couutry. 476 Jessie, near Sixth.
£*1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
yJXO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WOULD LIKE POSITION WITH LADY AS
«» nurse; one going to seashore or springs or
travel. Address 1640 Sacramento st
yoUNt LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper in hotel, bachelor's or widower's home;
will do plain sewing. Km 11, 223 Post su, 2d floor
•),'.>),■ MISSION _ SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_*J — U want ads taken for THE CALL.
y OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
X tion as housekeeper. Call or address House-
keeper, room 42, 770 Mission st
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms v6c to $160 per night:
$1 60 to $«< per week; convenient and respectable:
tree bus and I m tare 10 kii! from the terry.
FKMALK HELP WANTED.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 2 IN FAMILY,
$26, Belvedere; Kurrka, $25; 8 homework
girls, city and country, $20 and $5: 6 young
gins assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLI.N, 323
Slitter st.
pKRMANCOOK: INSTITUTION: $30. MISS
IX CULLEN, 323 Suiter.
COOK: SMALL HOTEL: $20; COUNTRY.
Miss Ci LLEN, 323 Su.ter.
p IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $16. MISS
VJT C l. L^EN, 323 Sutter.
BELLBOY: $13 PER MONTH. MIBS CUL-
X) LEX, 323 Sutter.
"VTEAT GIRL; LIGHT SECOND WORK: $12;
i-> sleep Dome. MISS CULLtN, 323 Sutter.
COOK IN BOARDING-HOUSE, CITY', $30.
MIsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, HOUSEWORK,
country, $16. • MISS CULLEN , 823 Sutter.
WAITRESS, RESTAURANT. TRUCKEE,
»i $15; fare paid. Miss CULLEN, 328 Sutter.
IRISH HOUSEWORK GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY,
X $25. MISS CULLEN, 823 Sutler st
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $25; NURSE.
" $25: second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Suiter st.
OUSEWORKGIRL. MAYFIELD, $25. MISS
CULLKN. 323 Suiter st.
HEAD WAITRESS, $35: 2 WAITRESSES '
country. $20; 2 res'uura:it waitresses, $.0;
Scandinavian girl, housework, $25: 2 German
girls, housework, $25: 2 girls for the same pace
In Alameda: see party here: 10 girls, housework,
city, $15 and $-0. C R. HAN SEN & CO., 110
Geary su
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS COOK, WASHER
'» and ironer. *30: cook, country bakery, $30;
cook, private boarding-bouse, $25; neat Protes-
tant gin. short distance in tl.e country, for house-
work, $25:- English cook, no washing, 3 in family,
$25; German cook, private family, $30: 10 iris,
general housework, American aid German fami-
lies, $20 to $25: young gins to assist with house-
work, *16. Apply to J. F. CKO&EIT <fc CO., 316
Suiter st
ANTED— FRENCH SECOND GIRL AND !
*» nurse. $20: German none and seamstress, !
$20; 2 young second frirls. $15; laundress, private ;
family, $26; French nurse and maid, «26; Ger-
man second girl and seams' $2f>: head wait-
ress, restaurant. $30; waitress, restaurant, $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 316 Suiter st.
TIT ANTED— FRENCH SALESLADY, MUST
TV speak English, $5 60 a week; 2 French sec-
ond girls. $20; Swedi-h waitress and seamstress.
$25: housekeeper. $10; head waitress, summer
resort, $30: German nurse. $20; girls for house-
work and assist; cook, $45. L.2.0N ANDRE,
508 istocklon st.
p IRL, NILES.CAL., $20, SEE PARTY HEKK;
* I girl, Harrison st. $20; girl, Berkeley, Cal.,
$20; girl, Gouch st, $20: girl, Vallejo st, $25:
girl Scoit su. $18: girl, st, $18: girl, Broad-
way, $20: girl, Castro st., $17: girl, Gilroy, $15-
-girl, Redwood City, $15; girl. Bush st, $i 5: girl
liaigbt St.. $15; girl, Pierce 416: girl, O'Far-
rell St., $15; girl, Ta lor st., $1&, no baking: Bin.
Scott st, 318; 20 young girls. $8. $10 aud $12 per
month. MARTI A <fc CO., 749 Market, st.
♦> CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAIT SOMK, $15
O and 1 00111 : chambermaids, city, $4 a week, call
early; waitress, *20; girl as dishwasher; cook's
helper. $15 to $20: waitress. $6 a week; waitress,
Truckee, 0.1.. $20 and room: 3 waitresses, $5 a
week. MARTIN «ft CO., 749 Market st
L'REE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, F. C. U. C,
X I 1620 Clay St., 1 to 3 P. M-: wanted at once, cood
seamstress, speaking ' French am English, $20;
young girl 10 assist in housework, $10; references.
COOK, $30; NURSEGIRL. $26; HOUBEGIHL,
925, • small fam ly, no washing; 3 hous>-girls,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter st
ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
won; city references. Apply rO7 Broderlck
St., net Golden Ga;e aw. and McAllister st.
GIRL, GERMAN OR SCOTCH, TO TEND
' » children and do housework. 3252 Twenty-
fifth st l
WANTED— APPRENTICE AT DREbSMAK-
»» Ing. 839 Ellis st.
pOLORKDGIRLTO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK
\J and nlaln cooking; $10. M., box 18, Call.
GERMAN GI.PL, t>ENEKALH<>U3E\VOHK;
VX no children; 910 to $12 a month. 1512 it-
visaclero st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHlL-
dren; can sleep home. 1217 Webster st
PLAIN FINISHER WANTED ON CUSTOM
X coats. 38 Grove si. \
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 2 IN FAMILY
7 $20; girl for chamberwork, $20. 721 Ellis al.
"Vroi'NG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK?
X 2626Caitr»st. bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
IKST-CLASS TAILORESS WANTED. 408
tauter si.
iMKST-CLASS FINISHER ON PANTS; CALL
X ready for work. 6<s% ueary St., in rear.
SECOND GIRLS, COOKS, $25, AND GIRLS
tor : general housework, $1» and $20. ■ 313
Sutier st ' '.-,.; . ■
-TiAiLOßEiss WANTED on coats. 724 HOW-
L aril, near Third.
YOUNG LADY TO KiLKP BOOKS IN MEAT
X market; reference. Address Xl. ' V., box 14
Call Office. . , -"
17UNI8HEB ON CUSTOM COATS AND BUT-
X tonholes. 123 Kusa st /
it ood tailohe>s wanted 'on CUSTOM
VJT coats. 1934 Mission st. .
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN UP-
»* stairs work and uke care o: children. 1626
. Vallejo si. ..-■.'
AM ED— YOUNG LTO TAKE CARE OF
smail child. Apply 1233 O'Farrell su
yOUNG GIRL TO-DO GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; need not cook. 1417 Geary st
MIDDLE- AGED : WOMAN TO CARE FOR
children at night; wages $5 per month. 10x7
Hyde st ' ".'. ■'. ;. . ...."-"■ - t .-■•■'■ ....•>
GOOD HANDS ON 'VESTS; ALSO APPREN-
tice of experience. 641 Stevenson st ' _
you NO GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 286 Natouiu at, near Fourth. '
EXPERIENCED HANDS on jackets, ALSO
Xj apprentices, paid while learning. 118 McAl-
lister at •■■„■. ' .„■ .; ' ..
L'IKST-CLASS WAISTHAN'DS WANTED. . 10
X pearl at ■':.:-. . •
APPRENTICE TO LEARN. DRESSMAKING
xV thoroughly.. 121 Post si., room 45. ;.
m AILORESS . W ANTE U , 509 NATOMA ST. j
PANTS FINISHERS AND OPERATORS. . 441
X Market st.
GOOD BASTER r WANTED ON~ CUSTOM
VX coats at 740 I'oisoui st. ,
TTT.T.V WA>TED-ConMmiM.
A PPRKNTICE OF SOME EXPERIENCE ON
-ft- custom cuats: paid while learning. 208".
Seventh si.
\ T EAT GIRL FOB HOUSEWORK. 2215
- ' ■ Jones su
FINISHERS WANTED ON CUBTOM COATS;
X 1 good wages. 106 Battery st
I/LVN.N'S URESSMAKINCi AND CUTTINU
X' Academy. 14 McAllister st: $1 a week.
XTOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Inquire 2114 Devisaderost , .
\\r ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
IT school; course practical: class Is now forming
for spring work ; satisfaction guaranteed: evening
classes. -2 Va Geary st, or 410 Leaven worth st .
4 MARKET feT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF 'IHJi
~I Calx: want ads and subscription taken.
X\T ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
'•and to take care of baby. 1121 steiner st
ANTED— 2 GOOD WAITRESSES; WAGE*
$6 week. 106 Second st.
AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c; call and see our mammoth Institution.
MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post st '— ■>.
£*1 p. LARKIN— OFFICE OF TH»
V/XU Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
TAILORKS«ON CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
X buttonholes: good waees. 140 Buss st.. in rear.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
iU Winchester House, 44 Third st. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $3
per week: free 'bos and itaseaen to and from ferry.
MALE H£LP WANTED.
Y'JCNG MAN TO TEND BAR, ETC.. $16,
X room and board; errand boy, $10 a month,
board, room. etc.; waiter, j>6i week: waiter, $20
and room ; cook's helper, $15 and room: young
man as wai'er, $12 and room; dishwasher. $1j
and room; cook, $12 a week; second cook, $10 a
wee*; waiter, $16 and room; second, »7 a week:
second cook, $i<o and room; night cook, two wait-
ers, *26 and room- MARTIN <fc CO., 749 Market
BOY TO LEARN BAKERY TRADE; 2 WAlT-
ers, $25 ad room, country hotel. MARTIN <&
CO., 749 Market st
■you no man FOR CHORING, . ETC.: 2
X ranchhands. $10 and $16; man for chicken
ranch. $10, etc MaRTIN & CO., 749 Market st
HEAD AND SECOND COOKS FOR SPRINGS, i
$60 and $40; cook, country restaurant $40;
man to make tamales, country, $25 and found;
meat and pastry cook for springs, $60. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary si.
TVT ANTED— FOR THE WOODS, TIMBER-
»T feller. $35 and board; swamper, $30 and
board; laborer, $26 and board. CL R. HANSEN &
CO 1 10 Geary st
WHEELWRIGHT, CITY, $2 60 A DAY; CAR-
' * rlage painter, country shop, $2 50 a day ; black-
smith, $14 a week: 3 farmers, $15; choreman,
$10 to 115; gardener for a nursery, $20 to $26;
Swiss farmer, $20. CB. HAN SEN A CO., 110
Geary si.
T AUNDRYMAN AND WIFE FOB COUNTRY
XJ laundry, man to wash, wife to iron, $50 and
found: French laundry man forcountry hotel, $25;
washer fora hand laundry, country, $15. C. R.
HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary st
HOTEL CLERK AND BOOKKEEPER, $75.
C. R. HANSr,N <fe CO.. 110 Geary st
1 LABORERS FOR QUARRY, $1 A DAY
; I\J and board: 2 4-mule teamsters, city, $1 75 a
day. C. K. Ha.n sen <& CO., 110 Geary st
0 waiters for same springs, $22 50
• 1 and fare advanced ; call early. C. R. HAN SEN
<& CO., 110 Geary st.
CHEF FOR COUNTRY CLUB, $80 TO $100.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st
READ THIS-W. D. EWKR& CO., 626 CLAY
st (established In 1876), the only reliable em-
ployment agents on that street, are still ahead of
all compe:itors In supplying reliable h-lp and
reliable positions. Self-styled '-leading" employ-
ment agents only lead in running down wages,
»upplyiug unsatisfactory help and misrepresent-
ing things generally, bring the employment busi-
ness into disrepute, W. D. KWER A CO., at 6-6
Clay st., guarantee every position, and agree to
pay all expenses : if worn is not found where
promised, .Our business reputation and prlva c
reputation alike are above reproach. We have
never had our license revoked even for a minute,
as did happen very correctly to certain
blowhard mushroom employment agents on
Clay st. We never advertise for more men
than we have orders for, as some do,
and then have a lot of misguided people hanging
around their office. W. D. Ewer <& Co. do a
straight business— no windy business. We want
to-day, among others, 3 blacksmiths for country
shops, $15 to (20 a week, fioorman for country
shop. $12 a week; helper, small country shop, $20
and fouud ; carriage-palmer, $3 a day: 10 laborers
forc.tv. long job and sure pay, $176 a day; 3
milkers, $25, i.O and $20 a month; 2 farmers for
vineyard, $20: 2 boys for factory; baker, country
hotel, $30: 2 farmhands for Contra Costa County,
$20; 6 young men for small ranches near city, $16
each; 3 more miners. $62 a month; 2 wood-
chop)«rs, tools free, $1 a cord. All these situa-
tions are reliable and we will have plenty more
to-morrow. Come and see us: we will treat you
right W. D. EWER <fc CO., 626 Clay st.
\\ ANTED— IRONER, COUNTRY, $30 AND
'» found: starcher, country, $25 and found; old
man to care for poultry, $5 and found: black-
smith, country, $30 and round; 6 wood hoppers,
7uc, $1 and $1 25 a cord: 8 shingle and shake bolt
makers. $1 Si to $1 90 a cord: farmers and milk-
ers. $-0; American farmer for fruit ranch; Swiss
farmer, $20, ana others. Apply to J. F. CI4OSh.TI
& CO., ti-~i Sacramento st
\\r ANTED — FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT
'» waiter; Italian washer, $6 a week;
cooks and others. Apply to J. F. CIWSLTI i
CO.. 623 Sacramento K. I
QC FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
OO hands. $15, $20 and $25; 5 men to learn a
trade, $15 and found; 10 woodchoppers, $1 10 per
cord. MURRAY ARKADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 630 Clay st
) i\ MiI ,KKR>, BUTTEK AND CHEESK MAX-
J v ers, $.'O, $25 and $30; 3 choreboys, ciiy and
country: raroier who can sharpen plowshares, etc.,
see boss here; 6 teamsters and laborers, city;
sheep-shearer. MUK AY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Oft QUARKYKEN, $1 75 TO $2 A DAY: 2
— v blacksmiths 10 run shop on shares. MUR-
RAY & i.'.A Leading Employment Agen.s,
634 and 636 Clay st
mUBNEB FOR PLANING-MILL AN D FUR-
X niture factory, country, $2 60 day and in-
: crease; steady Job, MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Cay.
COOK AND WIFE, NEAR CITY, NICE
hotel. $40; 5 cooks. *35. *40 and $60; 3 dish-
washers $15 and $20; 2 cooks; barber, country
Bb->p: Japanese cook. MURKAY & Rh.ADY',
Leading employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
W ANTED— NIGHT WAITER, OYSTER
'• house. $10 a week; waiter, plain restaurant,
$25; waller, hotel, $25: night cook. $30; second
cook, $7. a week: 2 dishwashers, $15 and $20:
gardener, couutry, $30: waller for first-class
country restaurant. $36 and found; starcher, laun-
I dry, country, $80, etc. ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton.
Hbau WAITER for country resort;
$40. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st
COMPETENT YOUNG WAITER FOB BOARD-
\J ing house; wage* $20. MRS. bPENCi-.K, 1321
Park si., Alameda.
SMART, ACTIVE BOY 16 OR 17 YEARS OLD.
Apply at 124 Post st. at 9 a. m., Butterlck Pub-
lishing Company. ...
\\ r ANTED-TROROUGH Al MEN'S CLOTH-
"■■ me salesman: | must b« practical stock keeper;
young man preferred. RAPHAEL'S.
ANTED — FIRST- CLASS BUSHELMAN.
I» RAPHAEL'S. "
117" ANTED — EXPERIENCED PLUMBER'S
TT helper. Apply HUFFSCHMIDT, 623 Golden
Gate aye.
2FIR&T-CLASS COATMAKER-> FOR COUN.
try. KEISS BROS. & CO., 26 suiter su - -
FIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR
new sewed work. 2140 Fiilmore it,";
ANTED— .SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
assist in light' indoor business; ' must be satis-
fied wiin $18 per week and have 160 cash.* Ap-
ply 777 Market st, room 7. ,, .; -
OOD FINISHER CUSTOM COATS AND AP-
. prentice. . 7 Leonard ', place, oft Leaven worth.
iz-iRBT-cLAss tailor wanted. 408 sut-
I- terst,
ANTE!) — FINISHER ON PANTS. 831
HarrUon 5r. . .,. .....
BRIGHT BOY, WILLING TO WORK; STATE
X> age and wages wanted. 11., box 47, call. ■
ARBER WANTED; STEADY *' WORK. < 327
Third st ■■/ ; * ■•■ ' "-:' ■■■■-■■
WANTED— MAN TO DRIVE < DELIVERY
. wagon and collect; city; must furnish $160
security. Address M., Call Branch, Sixteenth and
Mission sts.' ■. ■.' .-.'■-'■■ v \'\: :
PARTY WITH $250 TO J.OAS CAN SECURE
good situation. « C H.. box 18, Call.
ANTED-A PAINTER: MUST HAVE EX-
peritnee in paper- ban gog. 410 Fifth st : '
"VrOUNO BUTCHER TO DELIVKR ORDERS
X and work in market Apply A. /... box 26, CalL
Ty ANTED— 3 STEADY MEN FOB COUNTRY
» " positions; must have $5 expense money. 777
Market suv ■ " *■'.
BARBERS— C ; 15-CENT - SHOP; * MUST
XJ sell. ; 14) 44 Market near Uough. . •
WANTED — A BARBER. ; 81% FOURTH
-.; •• ■ street %.,'. y_^
ISHWASHKR WANTKD, $10 ±»EB MONTH
U »ad room. . 615 Valencia. : , :
HELP WANTED— Continued.
p OOD SHOEMAKER OX REPAIRING. AP-
vT ply 611 Laguna. near Hayes.
Coa; maker WANTED ON custom coats,
V-' at 740 Folsom. : ■ ; • ■ '■
QHOEMAKER ON REPAIRING; 2 MEN ON
O new worn 202 Fifth st.
\\T ANTED— BLACKSMITH AND HELPER,
» » 306 Fourth st
OOTBLACK WANTED. 122 THIRD
XJ street: —
WANTED— A GOOD. HONEST, SOBER SHOE-
maker. Call at i.OB FeU st
WANTED — APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
coats. 411% Kearny st.. second floor. . -
j J ARBER-SHMP. 3 CHAIRS, FOR SALE AT
iJ bargain. 703 Howard st
Qjl -{\ CHANCE; STEADY MAN AS PART-
C ■•«-'- ncr; fine old-established saloon. 805
Howard st
ANTED— 3 STEADY' MEN FOR COUNTRY
positions; mast have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply 9 Geary st, room 2. ; : ■
OOD OFFICE MAN WANTED; SMALL
capital. 639 California st
C 97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«■— i 'ink Call; want ada ana subscriptions
taken.
pARPESTi:R OR PAINTKR WANTED TO
\J rent tine basement 539 California st
WANTED— 2 OR 3 MECHANICS TO ROOM
in private family: board optional; cheap rent;
location Fourth st, near Bryant , Address B. ss.,
box 40, Call Office. /
t> ARBERB- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ P. c. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCBS, 325 (4 rant
TOURNEY MEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
0 secretary H. BhiRNARD. 102 seventh st
f*i OOD 2-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AND CIG *
VJT stand fur sale on account of going East 133%
Ninth st.
7C BARBER-SHOP: MUST SELL TO-
tjp *O. day 2 revolving chairs and fixtures.
241 Third st
FIRST-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth st. the Modern. L LESS, Secretary.
WANTED— GOOD WOODWoRKEIt IN A
blacksmith-shop. 306 Eleventh st.
9^9fi MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— < '— U 1 urn Call; Mioacnpuoos and wauc ads
taken.
T ADIHS' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
XJ fine shoes made $2 up. 562 Mission st.
9r>nn pair, ANOTHER LOT men's shoes,
*^\J\J\J been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c up to $2 60. 662
Mission st, bet. First aud Second.
W ANTE D— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»T trade; shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138% Eighth,
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
'» or some simple thing to patent Protect your
Ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys. Wa6hington, D. C, for their $1800 prise
Offer and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
ELCHO HOUSK. 863% MARKET ST.— r.UOZLi
XJi 20c, 25c to 60c nistu: Si to $2 weeic.
rpHE ROSEDALE. 321 ELLI I *— CHEAPEST
X and best lodging-house north of Market st
\\r ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
* ' to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno Honse proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 15 J
large rooms; .26c per night; $1 10 $3 per week.
E SIMON WANTS 100 MEN TO GET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay.
I£7 NINTH ST. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
IU4 'i'UH call; subscripUou aud want ads.
taken.
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 160 NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howad.
RESOLUTIONS ENGROSBED, DIPLOMAS
XV filled out it all kinds of ■ en work. J. W. GRIF-
FITH. Heald's Business College, 24 Post st
IpOR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
t ral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1634 Market st. bet
Larkln and City Hall aye., or 749 Mission st;
large stock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made to order, any style, $3 up.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION;
branch office of 'lai. Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
\\ ANTED.TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
tt ers4clerks KNOX Collection Agcv, 110 Sutter.
rpBY. ACME HOUSK, «57 MARKET ST.. BE-
-1 Jow t-ixtti. lor a room • i 6c a night: $1 a week.
ROOMS, 150 TO 750 PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, £26 Drumm st
W ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
tt Tee Call are taken at Branch Olliue. south-
west corner (sixteenth and Mission sta,
I (\(\ MKN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, iSo
ivU and 200 a night, Including cofltM alia roils.
624 Washington st. Dear Kearny.
x BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
XJ 25 cents per night: $L $1 *S. $1 60 per week.
Pacin'o House. Commercial and I.eidesrtoru* sts..
WANTED— SINGLE. BOOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for i, 250 a day. $1 60 » «oe«..
reading-room: daily papers. 86 Clay st
INCHKSTKK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room: tree bna and nice to and from the ferry.
. LOST.
LOST— A PASSBOOK with thehibernia
Savings and Loai* society of San Francisco, in
the name of KM.MA CRAM; No. 212252. The
finder. will please return to the bank.
1 OST— LARGE, BLACK. YOUNG NEW-
' j foundland dog; license 1637; liberal reward.
641 California st.
OST— SUNDAY NIGHT, ON THE SUTTER-
st. cars or on Web<ter st, bet Sutter and
Geary, marten fur boa, heads set with rhinestone
eves ai d tai suitable reward by returning
1708 Geary st .
lI.VER SNUFFBOX; M. A. E.R. ON COVER.
O Return to 1013 Post st, $2 50 reward. <
OST— WHITE GREYHOUND PUP; RED
LOfST- WHITE GREYHOUND PUP: RED
spot on one eye. Return to 1604 Kentucky
st. and receive reward. ■ . .
LOST— NEA R FOOT OF MA RKET ST. PACK-
XJ age of capers containing blue print map of
portion of Oakland ana package of letters ad-
dressed to Mr. French. Finder please return to
W. G CURTIS, room 46, 4 Montgomery sl
I OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
1J Savings ana Loan Society of San lranclco In
the name oi MAYKEANY or KATE KEANYJ
No. 177.699. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— SCOTCH COLLIE DOG. FK-
male; brown, with white markings. Finder
will receive liberal reward on returning to 36 Dor-
land St., off Guerrero, bet 17 th and 18th.
LOST— WHITE ANGORA CAT; BLUE EYES;
reward. 2116 Hyde st.
FOUND.
SMALL RED COW— CAME TO 240 NEVADA
O aye.; owner can recover by paying charge.
LIGHT CHESTNUT HORSE, BRANDED 6.
XJ A. MILLS, Five-mile House. -Mission road.
-DENTISTS.' - .
VAN VROOM * CO.'B KLECTRO- DENTAL
T Parlors, 997 Market st. ; lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous ."ntestbettcs given; electricity
the grvat agent used . to relieve paiu; teeth filled
ai;d extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with al! work
done; lowest prices; best work; all surgical work
attended. by G. W. Williamson, M.D., physician
and surgeon: examination free by the use ot our
new electrical appliances: . porcelain and' gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market at.
CROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet 3d and 4th; pass specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1: plates, $7 up: fill, $1 up.
FULL BET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5 :
years; painless extraction: see ournew combina- 1
: tion plate; thinnest ? lightest coolest plate made;
warranted 10 years: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
<I[»7 FULL BET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
«Ip I . kept In repair; extracting free; fillinm,6oc;
crowns, $3 6a Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
"POSITIVELY PA UN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
{ I HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell: t«1.ma1n6375
R. ; J. J. LEKK, 1126 MARKET^. ST. ; OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 il-*-tt-
KJ ket st DR. CHARLES W. DECKKIu /
<il>7 A SET FOR TEETH-WARRANTED AS
*$) • good as can be made; filling $1 DR si. MM.*
dentist 930 Market st. next. Baldwin Theater. -.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c: CROWN
X oridge work • specialty: plates $5 up: 18 year*
experience. R. L. WALSH, In. D. M. 816% Geary.?
. TYR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST, SB.
XJ Eleventh ; sno charge : for . extracting wbaa
plates are made: \ old plates ' made over like new;
leeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c-, gas given.
XT Or - TJCMi.'JU WlTuoUi 1 'a r^'i-* : - aJa.
_ H. G. Yonng, 1841 Polk su, ■
R. Ufc'OauK ?W. " LEEK. THK UENUINB
• Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of - Un proved - bridge . work or tram
without any plate. > moved from bio :uu- FarreLUt. j
ALL WORK '. REASON ABLK AND •.. Wa*
OUUM. US, J. W. 4UI.Y, 1320 MACJtWM, : j
. BUSINESS CHANCES. l-£~?'.'..~
HIGHEST CASH I'RICEss PAID FORFURNI-
ture, restaurant saloon fixtures and grocer?
stocks. .STEN BE KG, 632 Market; teL main 1043.
©OF; A A BOARDING AND BOOMING
tIPOOUU. house: .centrally located: large
grounds: low rent: 26 finely furnisned rooms;
clears $200 a month: always full : every invesll-
gatloo. STENBERO & CO., 632 Market St.
#l||f)n CORNKR LIQOUR-STORE: BEST
is) "V. business street in city; good stock:
nicely fitted up: no better place in town for the
money. sTENBBkG & CO., 632 Market su
Cfe 7£ A GROCERY AND BAR; ONE OF THE
tip I OU, best corners in Mission; large, new
stock: aoing good business: low rent; living-
rooms; no opposition. bTENBERG. 632 Market
TIT OOD AND COAL YARD— LARGE STABLE:
»» central location: will exchange for small im-
proved ranch. STENBKRG A CO., 632 Market
ft JAA BUTCHERSHOP; GOOD CORNER
<JP-lUU. Western Addition; rent $16 50;
Including staoie: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep, 2 calves
weekly; horse, wagon. bTKNBERG, 633 Market
ffl*lAAA RESTAURANT IN OAKLAND:
tjp J \J\r\r. goo* location: no competition; owner
has operated for 7 years: receipts 91000 or more
per month; owner going East WILKE, 783
Market at
ffiJ^AA . SALOON ON TERMINUS OF
«jpuui/. streetcar line: fine fixtures: doing a
good business; cheap rent WILKE, 7*3 Market
CjCtFIA CORNER SALOON: VKRY BEST
tIT«'«-'\/. location; rent $20: owner keeps 2
places: must sacrifice; a first-ciaaa bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market at ;
OgCAA CIGAR-STORE; CHOICES! 1 LOCA-
<JDOV/U. tlon on Market st, bet Phelan build-
ing and Baldwin Hotel; serious sickness compels
owner to sacrifice. WILKE, 783 Market at
ffiJCAA CORNER SALOON ON KEARNY
«IPUUI7. St.: old established and money-making
place: few blocks from Chronicle; rent $38; best
business offer. WILKE, 783 Market st'
"ft 9oo SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
'SP^KJXf. close to Third and Market sts.; living-
rooms; rent $50; make offer. WILKE, 783 Market.
<2? 1 p:a BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 liv-
*H>l*J\J. ing-rooms; rent $22: a genuine good
business offer; dally receipts $14: kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Market st
<sjfJf>A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
i®\Ji>\J. living- rooms: choicest location in
Western Addition; first-class payine business:
widow must sacrifice. VVILK 783 Market st
pHANCE TO BUY HALF INTEREST -IN
\J one of the finest saloons in this city: onepart-
ner going out on account of owning hotel which he
it obliged to attend to. Full particulars at saloon,
538 California st .
WANTED— HONEST MAN WITH $3000 TO
»» encage in a well-established business; will
pay 30 per cent or more; a rare chance. Address
H. W., box 79, Call Office.
tOOK SALOON; FINE LOCATION; CHEAP
-j«J. resit; good fixtures: well stocked; 4
living-rooms: ■ worth 9600; owner going East
Apply this office.
©inn SHOEMAKER- SHOP, MACHINE
<JP-H-"-'- »nd tools: large trade; rent cheap;
owner going East 1361 Tenth at, Oakland.
Ojjl AO CASH BOSINEHS: $75 PER
•IPX It), month to each; full value in goods at
depot Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
fflji rr. ROOMING-HOUSE; 12 WELL FUR-
tITX lO' nished rooms: cheap rent. Informa-
tion call 112 Ellis su; a bargain.
Of 1 fid WILL BUY FINE PAYING RESTAU-
<H' X UU rant good location. WINSTON &
THOM A S, 646 Market st.
d>9£.rk BARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED
«Jp*-cM/. saloon: good stock liquors; good loca-
tion, si- Sacramento si.
RARE CHANCE OF RENTING A SALOON
XV in good order; best location on Fourth st B.
E., box 96, this office.
pESTAURANT. 86 CHAIRS; CHEAP RENT;
XV good business: trial given; part cash, rest
easy payments. Address 8., box 14. Call.
ASTERN YOUNG LAD\ DESIRES GEN-
tleman partner. Room 5, 850 Market st
CIGAR AND LAUNDRY OFFICE; MUST
sell; make offer. 639 California st
pROCERY AND BAR; DOING GOOD BUBI-
VJ ness; cheap for cash. G. 8., box 37, Call office.
mo LET— CIGAR-STORE, WITH FIXTURHS;
X rent cheap. 1739 Mission st
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE; REASON-
X able. 2103 Mission, near Seventeenth.
1 OR SALE CHEAP— NEW RESTAURANT
X I in leading street 134 Powell st
fi>7,r. PARTNER IN GOOD BUSINESS;
<IP 10. tend store; good outside trade. Apply
223 Fourih st ■, - ■-, *
LOR SALE— HOME BAKERY DOING GOOD
X business; suitable for man and wife; ulll bear
inspection. Address Call Office.
GMKA SALOON:. OLD ESTABLISHED
«JpMiJV7. place; best location in city: owner been
there 3 years; also 4 rooms, including furniture;
kitchen, 2 storerooms and a fine yard: owner has
other business in country. Inquire 617 Sacra-
mento st
RESTAURANT; CHEAP; GOOD LOCATION:
XV must sell this month; utensils worth double
asked: Investigate this. 824 Larkin st
BUTCHKR-SHOP; GOOD TRADE AND FlX-
ture* Inquire GOLDMEYER, 1105 to 1107
Mission st
FINE-PAYING SALOON FOR SALE; CHEAP;
X 1 low rent; fine location: disagreement of part-
ners cause of selling.- For particulars, 33 Third.
YOUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
X gentleman partner. Room 2, 223 Post at
ALOON, 91000; GOES TO-DAY 9400; GOOD
stock. 539 California st
*3tlO 000 TO $20. 00» WANTED IN AN
«ID X \J.\J\J\J enterprise producing and manufec-
turing a staple article of dail . consumption having
a steady sale all over the Pacific Coajt; Invest-
ment will yield handsome profit and at least 6 per
cent, payable monthly, win be guaranteed if in-
vestor cannot give active services at fair compen-
sation at some ooe|of| principal cities 'of the coast
Address it. M.. box 148, this office.
p OOU-PAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALE:
VJT owner has other business. Apply 210 Drumm.
■PXPERIENCED GROCKRYMAN WITH
JU about 9500, to Invest in an established grocery
store; good chance for reliable, sober man. B. a.,
box 43, Call Office.
p KOCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; TWO
VJ biocks from Market st Inquire CARTaN
MCCARTHY & CO., 312 Sacramento st
OjJEn DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, UN UER-
.«JPt:»JV/. wear: good business; splendid fixtures,
cases; cheap at 9700; must be sold. Apply Call
Office.
OR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
X? In Mission ; well stocked and good trade; cheap
rent. Apply 224 Front st.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR 6ALS
V- at a bargain; fine location; low rent Address
M. B . box 39, Call.
CIGAR STORE AT A BARGAIN. INQUIRE
\J 327 Front st, room 1.
ANDY AND ICKCREAM STAND; -EBTAB-
Ushed; will sell cheap or exchange. 408 Jones.
TNTERIOR AGEN< OF A SAN FRANCISCO
X morning paper. 660 Howard st, city.
1000 GROCERY AND BAR doing
«SrlV/VvJ. cash trade $100 dally: full value in
stock and fixtures: rent low; best reasons for sell-
ing. Apply this office.
OK lOn PROVISION AND DELICACY
iipXOvF. store: cor. Twenty-fifth and Shotwell
sts.: 4 living-rooms and bath; rent $14. Inquire
on premises.
ALOON— ESTABLISHED, GOOD LO-
cation, 8 rooms, kitchen, including furniture-
rooms bring rent; cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific!
UTCHER-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES-
Western Addition. 1208 Scott at, near Eddy :
key upstairs. - . '
q BALED BlD** BKQUESTED FOR FIXTURES
O and saVk of merchandise, constating of dry
goods, notions, etc, of NATHAN SISTERS, Mo-
desto; inventory of stock may be seen at office of
SCHWEITZER & CO.. 29 Battery st: bids be
opened Apri -2, at 12 o'clock noon; right re-
served to reject any or all bids: all bids must be
accompanied with certified checK of 10 per cent of
amount bid. • , . .. ; ...
<*£ tOO GAR AND STATIONERY STORE,
VJ\J. clearing over $100 per month above all
expenses; value in -.ight; trial given; cheap rent..
L'«, U .5. i.V n / rO 2 mB: thls ls • b»r?ain: Investi-
gation solicited. Address C. s., box 141, Ca1l Office.
ANDY : ICECREAM AND FACTORY ; FIRST-
; \J class location: reasonable. Apply Call Office.
Y° ING WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post at
t^or sale -SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
X this paper. - For particulars ; Inquire Call Office.
pHOSNIX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILMORE
X st; price $150; cause disagreement of partners.
PORTLAND" AGENCY. THIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office ror at 133 Third St., Portland,
Oregon. " . -■;-., ~t. ••■<:.. '-.;■, ,
PANDY, ICECREAM, "STATIONERY AND
i\J notion store for sale; Fourth st, near : broad-
gauge depot \dJreM A. PILTZ,- tan Rafael, Cat
I "INK EXPRESS TEAM - AND WAGON-
must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st ■ : ■ r-
HALF. INTEREST IN HORSEHKOEING-
shop; cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st
CIITY .KUUiii *v.v OJkMai. jLtri,X Titld
I office.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Continued.
<P» 1 {\f\f\ RESTAURANT FOR SaLK: PART
% 1 \J\)\J. cash, balance on time; positive proof
»h«f ri>celnts are $900 or more per month; cheap
rent *'• HEALY, 917 Market at -
*n-r 'AN D COFFEE * SA-
5 375. Son: receipts $10 to-)fls per,day\
h: C. T)KCKKIt, 1020 Market st ;• ■ ■:, J
LODGING-HOUSES . FOli SALE.
nn ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING
// >Riiin •••• .........Jp*,-«"'U
1 7-roomhou3e; clearing «0 per m 0nth. .... . 750
10-room house, rent only f 4 .....-......... £>"
2'-ro m boarding house, $350 ca5h.......... 900
22 rooms, fine corner. .... • • • ■•"••• ■_•-••■ •• • »2"
10 rooms' sunny corner, cost $800, price.... <550
10-roou. house, fine location ................ —■>
14 rooms on Van Ness aye , only .—». 450
24 rooms, fine for transient <. <}*»
76 rooms, best in thecity. ...•• 3.500
14 rooms, only "-••"• -<j«
14 roomson Suiter |""
7 - r rL h DTcK n E > Ryio26j^^Vt\-opp.Fifth.
WINSTON & THOMAS, 646 -MARKET ST.
23 rooms: new nit 11 re; *1050
87 rooms; corner; rent *75: a bargain.
60 houses from 9MO to $5000. . ■
Money to loan on fnrnltnre; low rates. ?
dl"7C:#k HOUSE OF 26 BOOMS; BEsTLOCA-
<DU. lion on Mark t st.; a rare bargain,
owner Is leaving for Europe.' WlLKb. 783 Market
<Sf{'f\f\ LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 WELL.
$OUU. furnished rooms: cheap rent: excel-
lent loc tlon: ir you want a bargain sea this house.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth st '
p ERMAN BOARDING-HOUSE WITH BAR
AX and 33 rooms: all in best condition; well filled
with steady boarders; is on account of sickness;
given away for any price. Please address A. X.,
box 34. Call. . . ■■.-■■■■
C A ROOMS: N. OF MARKET; CLEA R8 OVER
OU 9200 monthly. SPKCK & CO.. 602 Market
01 -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE ON MARKET
Ol st.; well filled; must sell. Room 68, 1170
Market st ,-;.-y ,■-:-. '
(jtinA 6-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; NiSW.
iOU. furniture; 918 rent. 367 Jessie st
tf»iQft 6-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; NEW
«IplOU. furniture: $18 rent 167 Jessie st. 1 --
FURNITURE FOB SALE. '
1 FURNITURE 4- BOOM FLAT, $75; RENT
r SltS; 2 rooms rented $5 each until May 1.
1914Va Central aye. ■ ... - •. ' .-.
OCC OAK ST.; FURNITURE, 5 ROOMS;
£D cheap for cash if sold to-day. MCCARTHY CO
I FURNITURE, STOVES CARPETS, COUN-
£ ters, showcases ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
SAVE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
OUSEHOLD RANGES are the BEST.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St. ■-■
FURNITURE WANTED. .
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st. near Eighth.- tele-
phone Mint 1393, you get highest, cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICES FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc STREET* CRES WELL. Auctioneers, 92T
Market at rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
If YOU WANT GOOD pricks for furni-
tan» and mwhiinalw w* BUKD. 211 I*rktn.
CARPET CLEANING.
PARPET-CLEANING. 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
\J samples free; teLu ess ie 944. Stratum, 38th st
pARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. i. McQUEEN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WOKK-J;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. 11. STEVBX^
iigr. 38 and 40 Eighth at ; telephone South 25a
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatina: Works. 353-57 Tehamast; teL So. 4UL
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 402
X\. Suiter; teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
CARPETS CLEANED <fe RENOVATED I,IKB
new. 23 Tenth ; South 36. Mackintosh <t Co.
T WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlLig renovt^T aiter-
O . ation works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
JE. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEANING CO.,
. 240 14th at ; cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mi». 74.
pONKLIN"S CARPET- BEATING WORKS.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone .East 126.
AGENTS WANTED.
ir.riri.iiiimuoutn.nMju. ,- -ij^in^-. i . r..i ... ..r i
TIT" ANTED — AGENTS. EITHER SEX To'
" sell choice go d mining company share .-. large-
commissions paid; full particulars, prospect us -'
■ etc., free.' Address CHAS. MAUTLN & CO., Mm- -
ing Stock Brokers, Seattle, Wash. - •; ■>
rpikEss 50 Pairs, perfect 97 firsts,
X full - guarantee; best warranted garden ■ hose
from 4 cents; mackintoshes and full line rubber
at factory prices. Mineralized Rubber Co., New
York. Agents wanted.
AGENTS I— A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles, commander-in-chief of the United
States army: full of interesting Indian experience*
by the great Indian fighter; one agent's commis-
sions over $40 the first 2 days. F. lEKSO.N, Mgr.
Subicrlptlon Department, The WhUaker it Kay
Company, 723 Market st
T ADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
XJ titters, Egyptian Enamel, Medicated Cerate.
BU'I'LKK, 131 Post st
BOARDING WANTED. -"^
ROOM AND BOA WANTED FOR LADY
XV and 2 children, 3 and 5. Address 8 Ejieiau
Rlncon Hill. , • • '
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS*. \
13UIL^l!<GTiBoTrHTTTlullB^Rr^A^EX
X) doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1163 Mission st
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at; Bend postal.
MUSI C AX, ■ INSTRUMENTS. = ? ; T >
SEEING IS BELIEVING; WE HAVE THE
beat snap of the year and WE know it; YOU
will acknowledge it after seeing it; a recent fail-
ure In business causes a man to place on sale with,
ns a 9600 piano to pay his rent; a forced sale; tha
first caller will be the lucky one. Full particulars
of THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood building.
RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO'
We sell them for $3, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, $9, 916
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
paym-nuj will purchase one from us. SHERMAN
CLAY <fc C0..-cor. Kearny and butter ats_ Stein!
way dealers. «...
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
-O. house west of Chicago Is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instrument*, ot all
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowest- '
everything possible done to please and aaiiaty iha
customer. ... ?~J, "
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
anos; monthly payments from $5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY
salesrooms 933 Market at, opp. Mason; eatab'
"DONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES-
* Halnes. * b »> Bush * Geru and others; see- "
ona-hand pianos from $100 up. W. G . HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 824 Post
ftl 9^ « ODGE *S» CABINET GRAND
W±AO. Krank en: other bargains. HOKNUNG,
210 Post st»
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE-MUST . BbLL;'
-cX pianos at Immense reduction for - cash or on
installments. ; EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
S%T' STE P W * 2B °: CHICKERING.
Shi 1 wk^&Vi 1 ,? ass. 8 » "** * mau v*»u *»
piANO; , GOOD TONE; .;. IN - PERFECT OR.
r i625 U C^h°. a t. at Once - \^ PARTING-
iu.\, 10^0 Church st, city.
$60. o ai K«,™ " GOO °
$*££&££ teS\™££™««™:
$250. SSKS^»{^»A«,'«
E, SCHMm^M °^? D UPRIGHT CHEAP.
j XI, BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank
$1 75 »f ;W UPRI «HT. STOOL. SCARF;
<jpx 10. warranted 5 yrs. B P. U EN 228 Post!
AT KHKRMaN. CLAY .' CO.'S ONLY WILL
XI. yon find a stock of new Stelnway pianos.
W i£*, BA J >UEU - SOLK Ai.ENT FOX HALLET
'V .<g ■Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 isacux .
I>YKON M / V. . 808 POST bT.-*OHMii±t,
*■* J>ewpy «a Evani. , Bri s and other pianos. ;
QUP.KRIOK VIOLINS. ZITHKKS, OLD& NEW
yjg. 3i\j I.LER. maker, repairer '■! 1-atham place.
; : ;?<« -"ATTORNEY . : - - Vi ,' : . 
; ; A .DVlCii ; FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC- J
xx laity; private; no fee without success: probate.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deedst
?. al Be8 < etc; private detectives: eatab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE, 860 Market si. corner ibtodctqai rtl
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
•O. ceasful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st
■P W KINO, ATTORN EY-AT-L AW CHROV
1 ■J-V '«»»• buuding; «Uvk»» tree; Xow le««; all cum*HOCSE3 TO LET.
QQA WATKR FREK; KLEGANT HOUSE,
«j.)W. 8 rooms: ail the latest improvements;
frescoing, etc. 1915 Golden Gate aye.
1 790 FILLMORE — VERY SUNNY; 6
1 II Z.U rooms: all modern: large yard: cars.
I 1 ftOO HOWARD, COR> R FOURTEENTH—
\ 1 O\J\J 8 sunny rooms; rent <9.
V)/;O' TWENTIKTH ST.. ABOVE VALKN-
d\iZ.O cia— Fine two story dweltng, with bath; |
rent cheap. Apply 3635 Twentieth st.
OU-E OK 6 ROOMS; NEWLY RENO-
vated: 1205 Vi Golden Gate aye. Apply li:05
Golden Gate aye.
AC CNTi.Y HOME IN THE CITY; HOUSE
of 10 rooms, large grounds, stable, *-tc : rent
reasonable to resionsioie tenant: no wind or fog.
Corner South Broderick st. and Buena Vista aye. |
SUNNY 10-ROOM 11OUSK; MODhRN IM-
provements: low r«nt. 3522 Nineteenth st.
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOW ELL'S, 10
Montgomery st. ffi'^qf
1 9'7ii BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS:
- 1— — ' ' yard: rent reasonable to a goad tenant. -
I IIKXISHEB FLATS.
Sttn rA FOR ADULTS, 4 COMFORTABLE
O__.»JV.'. rooms: b.ua: 2 beds; 2 stoves: gas
and coal. 1917 Geary st.
AN Rafael— so FURNISHEH HOUSES;
0 tents reduced. GEO. D. SHEARER & CO., ban
Rafael, opposite broad- c«uge depot: open days
*^~* — — — ™~^^— "™ —^™^"^^^^
COTTAGES TO LET.
9 NICE 4-ROOM COTTAGES, LARGE BASE-
— ment and yard; ren. $9. Harry place, Laguua, ;
between Filbert and Greenwich sis *
OO Kfl COTTAGE: 18Vti PROSPECT AYE.
'J'O'OKJ. Enquire grocery, corner Powell aye.,
bet- Twenty -seventh and Twenty-eighth sts.
Q SUNNY ROOMS; YARD; BASEMENT;
♦ J cheap to small lamily. I'.'SUVfe FolsJm 5..,
■ car Ninth.
£. "I (\ AND 9B 60; 2 COTTAGES; 11 RUSSELL
'_ IV7 s:. 3 lay st., off Clay, near Mason.
OI'XXV OOKNKB COTTAGE, 5 R.. BATH,
0 largo yard; low rent. corner Capp and 1
'I wenty-third.
9 SUNNY MODERN 4 AND 6 ROOM COT-
>• tages: rent very reasonable. 800b Webster.
TO LET- COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH; •
' 1 rent §18. 449 Bryant st.
' !
FLATS TO LET;
rpo LET— FURNISHED SUNNY MODERN '
1 corner flit: 6 rooms: bath. Apply on prem-
ises, 143 Ua.ght St.
F~~ LAT. 8 ROOMS. CORNER MCALLISTER I
aod Pol* sis.
OOfl 6 LARGE ROOMS; 2 STORY, WITH I
C— "• larseyard and stable; 4144 Twenty- tfth
St., rear Castro.
918—6 rooms; porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero .
ft., near Twenty-sixth.
.< 16— Lower flat. 1411 Guerrero st , near Army; |
ft rooms: porcelain.
»ii Q.I O'FARRELL, NF.aR BRODERICK —
— 1 O"T bunoy side; large 5-room flat, with bath
and other modern conveniences; has two large ■
srpara.e rear rooms: rent reduced to $'-0; tuuii \
be seen to he appreciated.
410 UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH, i
«_ O. 16-51/3 Pine st , above Van Ness aye.
L'LAT 3 LARGE bUNM* ROOMS; CELLAR;
-T %*. 29 Ringold st., near Ninth and Foisom.
P Alt ELY BEAUTIFUL; NW. COR. SUTTEa j
It and Scott sis.: 6 big rooms; $27 50; water i
' free: appreciated if seen. Key 2300 Sutler St.,
cor. Scott.
. I
tTPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH:
' rent 920. 7 Pond St., intersection Market and ;
Sixteenth.
VtAT FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS. $15: ALSO '
-*.' sunny cottage, 911- Key 6-3 Second st.
CUNNY. MODERN: 7 LARGE KOOMS: DIN- I
0 Ing-room; fine ■view. 720 Oak. near Fillmore. :
VtW FLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOMS AND j
li Oath: modern improvemeuts. 3455 Twen-
tieth St., bet. Howard an 1 Capp.
O9 A OAK, NEAR PARK— 3-ROOM FLAT;
i/iiu $9: nice order.
1-1 A HYDE -UPPER FLAT; 7 CHOICE i
II J U Funny rooms; modern; garden; 92750.
Af\ 3 TO 5-ROOM COTTAGES AND FLATS 96
"iU to 912. BPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
17LATS TO Lfc-T FOR VKKV LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN & HOWIiU'S, 10 Mont-
gomery su
Cl LOWER -FLAT: 543 CASTRO, NEAR
XU. 19lh; 5 rooms: poicclain b*th-
/"HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms. fSto $16: «».. ih«m. 823 t^venth st. |
■ I
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Airjunt Street.
'11 BRYANT ST., NEAR THIRD— LARGE
OLA. sunny suite; running water; $10 per month.
Eddy street.
ni -: EDDY-2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED OK
OXO furnished rooms: private family.
Essex Street.
BESSEX-3 OB BOOMS FURNISHED AND
larce > ard.
Jrltth (.tree..
9O' FIFTH-CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
OJ.O keeping; 2.910; 3, 414; 1,97.
•_> 1 4 FIFTH - SUNNY FRONT BEDROOM
• ) I a and kitchen; bath; no children; private:
911.
099 FIFTH-2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
O— m. housekeeping: cheap rent.
i olsom atreat. -
070 FOLSOM— VERY LARGE FRONT ROOM,
010 furnished for housekeeping. 98 a month.
IV J 1 FOL&OM — BAY-WINDOW ROOMS, 2
1 — til. or 4, complete; 910 up; children taken; !
yard.
Golden Gate Avenue.
l J')f\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 OR 3 SUNNY j
•i —'J :roat housekeeping; also parlor floor.
1 ADA GOLDEN GATE A\X-2 NICELY
It! iu.-ni.sb>id rooms for housekeeping, 911; :
so doub c room, $5.
drove Street.
190 GROVE — 2 ( ONNJ-.CTINO SUNNY
1 — O housekeeping rooms.
Howard Street.
Pr 99 HOWARD— UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
«>_— keeping rooms; 92 to 310 month; water!
free.
riOR HOWARD. IN REAR — 2 UNFUR- j
000 nished rooms, 91 50.
71 i HOWARD— LARGE front ROOM FOR
I lit light housekeeping: also single.
<r>f\(\ii HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS !
JL\J\JO for light honsekpg; gas; private family. •
OfKNin Stree...
■
Q7Q JESSIE, NEAR UNITED STATES 1
010 Mint— 2 housekeeping rooms; only 916.
Lafayette Street.
011 LAFAYETTE. BET. 11TH AND 12TH-
-01 3 2 Urge rooms for housekeeping; rent 97.
Laurkin *.r«>o..
Q9f» LARKIN— ELKGANT SUNNY HOUSE- '
•JiU keeping apartments; first floor; central: I
bath.
Ann LARKIN ST. — SUNNY FURNISHED
• . 14.'' rooms for housekeeping; front single or I
suit. 97 up.
— . __ . — _ , I
Leavenworth Street.
' jr-I - HEAVEN WOK Til ST.-2 ROOMS, COM-
01.0 pletely lurnisheJ for housekeeping: cheap.
21inn» Stree:.
KAQL MTNNA - FUR.MSHED ROOMS FOR
tJtrw housekeeping; large yard. j
~AQ MINNA-TWO NICELY FURNISHED
«HO sunny housekeeping rooms.
Mission Street.
Q-Q MISSION-2 CONVENIENT HOUSE- \
000 keeping rooms, modernly fornlshtd- also !
others.
East LYNN. 1083 MISSION — KIEOANT
front suite; o: her rooms; ges; SO up.
liiO MISSION -NICELY FURNISHED
XX It/ rooms from 95 up per month.
-1 "I QC MISSION-FURNISHED SUITES FOR I
1 -LOU housekeeping; connecting; from *9 to
910.
>atoin:i Street.
CAR NATOMA-2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms: 98 and 910: yard.
(*AZ. NATOMA — 3 SUN. FURNISHED
\J~±O rooms complete for housekeeping; low rent.
> 111 in street.
•I 1 Q NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED BAY-
i-lo wiudow suite for housekeeping; foldlng-
• beus 00 dogs; apply middle flau
BOrSEKEEPFNO ROOMS — Continued.
! uiicii Street.
Ql Q POWELL, nrTTTay— BOOMS UN-
t/lv' furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
beventh Street.
"I AC) SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUIT AND
H^ kitchens :albo single rooms:newly renovated
fcoutn ParK.
1 n SOUTH PARK^2" OR 3 WELL FUR-
i D ntibed sunny housekeeping rooms; also
single,
MiK'ktoii street.
1 7AQ STOCKTON-2 CONNECTING ROOMS
1 4 V/O furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard; cheap.
Tehama Street.
m TEHAMA, BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH.
2 rooms for housekeeping.
— ■
- Tenth Street.
lOC TENTH— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
I SO room; grate, gas and bath: 9& .
Third Street.
1 AO THIRD- SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
1 lio rooms; complete; ah; gas; *2 50 a week.
O/'9 THIRD ST 2 LARGE HOUSEKEEP-
OO- ing rooms, 92; front singie room, 76c.
Twenty-sixth. Street.
OOCI7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION— 2
000 i Urge sunny furnished housekeeping
j rooms; 98.
1 . . ■
lain >es» Aveuiie.
1 091 VAN NESS~AVE.. NR. GEARY— 3
. 1 \J*J 1 sunny furnished rooms; gas; range; com-
plete: 9-0.
miscellaneous.
cf)7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
«.'— • until l':3i. o'clock: branch office or Tex
I ail; tut .-rrij t.on? and want eds taken.
KOO3IS TO LET.
Brsnnsn street.
179 BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH— 3 NICE
l.tl sunny rooms: 98.
Bryant Avenue.
971 ft BRYANT AYE.. NEAR TWENTY-
-HO fifth— Lovely furnished 100 ms; sunny;
near school; $12.
California Street.
7AO CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED ROOMS;
• V/O sunny; bay view; bath and gas; rent from !
94 up.
Eddy Street.
(*•[ Q EDDY— FURNISHED LARGE FRONT i
Ul O bay-window and large sonny back room: !
also single.
QI7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY 1
O i. I connecting housekeeping rooms; splendid i
location.
I
Eighth Street.
CHERMAS APARTMENT HOUSE. 2S PTH
0 st.. near Market: famished and unfurnished.
Qin EIGHTH ' NKAK FULSOM-3 LARGE '
OXV/ rooms: rent $10.
*-*Ha Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS-INCANDEB- !
XV cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and 1
. ladies' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to 91 50: !
week, 12 to $8: month, 98 to 930; elevator 00
office floor-, rooms with hot and cold wa'.er: baths. ;
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY i
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, etc. I
tilth street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY !
I 1 hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms i
fcOc, 75c and 91 per night: 92 to S5 per week.
1-illmore Street.
991 /11 FILLMORE— 2 OR 3 FURNI6HED
-ilia rooms: 96.
i __^^_^_^_^_^_____
i olsom Street.
1 10° TOLSOM. COR. SEVENTH— ''
; XXUO sunny front room; bath; private family; '
j rent 98; call evenings.
1 •)] 9 FOLSOM- LARGE .SUNNY UNFUR-
-I'J- nished front room; grate: closets; reas.
Fuiion .street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite; 98 & $16 up.
Otary Street.
DOT GEARY, COR. MASON— NEWLY FUR-
-1 001 nished rooms; suite and single; gents oiny.
Ql X GEARY— 2 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
i OXO newly renovated; gentlemen preferred.
Harrison Street.
707 HARRISON ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
101 front room; bath; 2 gentlemen.
Howard Street.
i 900 COR - HOWARD AND ELEVENTH—
1 +.\J\J Newly furnished rooms; gents only.
• QCO HoWaRD — BEST ROOMS IN THE
'JOfJ city for the least money; open all eight.
n9Q HOWARD-CLEAN, QUIET SUNNY
- •-' rooms; folding bed; closets; $5 up.
I Q9Q HOWARD-2 ROOMS; EN SUITE;
lO«iy front and bac< parlor; rent cheap.
Jone« street.
EAT JONES— PLEASANT BUNNY EUITE;
! O\JO with kitchen or without.
i.i.4i,iv Street,
\ PLINGTON HOUSE, 137 KEARNY —
! x\. Pleasant sonny rooms, en suite and single; first
! class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkln Street.
-rnn larkin - sunny CORNER FUR-
O\J\J nisbed front room.
Maple Court.
I 091 MAPLE COURT, OFF FOURTEENTH,
I *)—>•£ bet. Guerrero and Dolores— 2 sunny rooms
1 hod kitchen: well furnished; rent 914; references
I exchanged.
&iaik«t Street.
• V tiBEMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PEA
I J. night, 35c to 91: week, 91 60 to 95: families.
I -i CAD MARKET— S UN N V ROOMS. FUR-
-1 1 * 'UO nlshed or unfurnished, suitable offices.
J*'UUR .'iroe.^
AQI MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
'iOl nlßhei sunny front rooms, 95 to 99 month;
botbitbs: also housekeeping.
! MINNA — 8 SINGLE FURNISHED
1 *iO*-/ rooms; t4 a month.
j rrql MINNA— MCE SUNNY FURNISHED
I OOOz rooms; private family ; rent reasonable.
CfQH MINNA, COR. EIiiHTH-NEWLY. FUK-
: DU I nished bay-window room; 91 per week.
AUasion -treo..
i POO MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED BUN-
I)")- ny rooms: a quiet place; prices reasonable.
HANCOCK HOCSt, 7al MISSION: VKIMCt
family roomlug-bouse: 91 60 to 94 per week.
->aiuma Str«t«..
CAI NATOMA. COR. EIGHTH— CONNECT-
' iV/X ing furnished rooms for housekeeping; 99.
iuit sire*..
; pANTOLPH "HOUSE, POST AND MASON
1 XX sts —so bay- window parlors: smaller rooms;
': gas, running water, etc : 91 50 to 94 per week.
j /jO4j POST— ELEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS,
I \}<Z*— oath, hot and cold water. (8; sunn, suites.
700 POST— 2 ROOMS (PARLOR FLOOR)
lUU for man and wife or gentleman: hot and
cold water; bath; private faml y, 910 and 915.
i owe.l Mrea«
"I 99 POWELL — LARGE SUNNY, FRONT i
XZrO room; suitable for doctor's office; or pri- '•
• vate.
tixta Niree..
00 SIXTH— THE HILLSD ALE-QUIET, SUN-
-00 ny single rooms: transients solicited. |
HE PIEDMoNT, 119 a SJXTH— NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
1 9?: RIXTH-CMEAPKST IN THE CITY;
X—O nicely furnished double and single rooms.
Mevemon Street.
I O-l I HTEVENSON— »INGLE AND DOUBLE
i UK I rooms private family; house newly occu-
I pied: cheap rent.
Stockton Place.
The European] 17 rtockton— FUß-
| X nlshed rooms, single, 91 50 to 93 per week;
suites, 94 to ( 9 per week ; by the night, 60c to 92;
hot and cold water, bath and elevator.
Turk Street.
K^O TURK-RUNNY FURNISHED ROOM:
OrtO folding-bed; running water; grate, gas and
bath; 910.
70ft TURK-! SCNNY FURNISHED FROST
I vO room; 97 per month.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
KOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Xehitmn Street.
A 1 Cl TEHAMA, NEaR FIFTH— NICELY
" ' On f.rnisbefi large front room, suitable for
one or two young men.
Taylor Street.
1 fJQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS: 91 75 BUN-
-LUt7 ny single; 91 25 and 91 50 week.
S&lavellaneous.
ELEUANT FURNSHED ROOMS, WITH OR
without board, near Morion Station, Alameda.
Address A. li.. box 126, Call.
"VT CELY FURNISHED SITTING - ROOM;
X> small bedroom; us: of kitchen; 97 month. G.
V. H.. box 21. i nil.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
lARGE ROOM, GOOD BOARD. FOR 2 WORK-
J tngmen: 94 week. 11 to 8. 119 Leavenworth.
ROOM FoR 2 GENTLEMEN WUH BOARD:
Geiman home cooking: $5 a week. 625 Valen-
cia st.
41 9 EDDY-FURNISHED SMALL ROOM,
11- with board; 920 a month.
QOC GEARY-SINGLE ROOM WITH BOARD,
*700 930; for :wo from 950.
CfJ9 VAN NEBS-NICKLY FURNISHED
%J\J£j parlor suite: also single: board optional.
HOTEL BhRTLING, 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: refer uces; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tables, If desired; new management.
ft Oft VAN NESS AYE.— NKWLY FUR-
KJ\JKJ nlshed funny rooms or suite, with board.
7-19 POST— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
IX— board.for 2:918 en. up; use parlor and piano.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
open under new management; has been ar-
tistically tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
throughout: hot and cold water in every room:
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice 01 carpets and furnUure; the
table, under the supervision of Kowaskia the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD HEN'S HOME: MOTHKHLY CARE;
\J beautiful grounds; i/j block to electric-cars:
reauonable rates. Ktlsey in. use, 535 Twenty-
fourth st., Oakland.
p ERMAN LADY WANTS TO BOARD A
VJ baby; age 1 week up: terms reasonable: best
references as nurse. MttS. WEGMER, 1240 Va-
lencia st., upstairs.
GOOD HOME FOR 2 OR 3 CHILDREN;
French family. 1236 Park aye., Alameaa
narrow-police, Park-st. station.
STORES TO LET.
! C»]Q STORE: 6 LIGHT KOOMS; ESTAB-
! •iplO. lishec' saloon lliyrs. 911 Folaom.nr.Fifth.
99ft ELLIS-STORE TO LET: RENT 915.
1 — *-V Apply next door, WILLIAM MUND,
] Watchmaker.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS: WATER FREE. 456
O Sixth st.
QQ STOKE, WITH STABLE ATTACHED;
ttPO. sui able for fruit or produce; opposite de-
pot, Twenty-fifth st.
AN RAFAEL— STORE- TO LKT; LOCA-
lions suitable for furniture and upholstery,
fruits and vegetables, candy and notions. BtO
I D. hHEARKR & CO., Real > sta c Agonts, San
Rafael: opposite broadgaugo depot; open Sundays.
T ARGE STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
XJ 4 largo rooms; rent on'y 922 50. 422 Sixth.
OFFICES TO LET.
OPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET ST.-
O light, p easant offices: cheap- ASHTON A
< , A R D I N E , room 210, or at 411 Montgomery.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
HAT IS YOUR vocation?
" HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
what ARE your HOPES?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuable ADVICE
and AID In all affairs of life, of private as well as
of business nature as, for tn-tence, pertaining to
I Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawiults,
i Contested Wills, Divorce". Damage Salts. Claims.
\ Journeys, Speculations, Mining, etc.
Sn* discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
: treasures, prevents sicknesi misfortune: recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person it adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or : rade. which may justly be term-
ed thei ■ true vocation, and yet mure than half of
you are fighting: against an unknown fate for fame,
lortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation.
Office hours, 9 to 6 daily and Minday. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. .MRS. DR.
F. CLARK. 120« Market St.. tan Francisco.
vow IS the time TO CONSULT MRS.
1> NASH.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of a.l
; clairvoyants, who sees li all, tells you all and In-
I stantly elves you peace and happiness 1 never
I ask a question, bat before you utter a word 1 tell
j your name, names Id full of ai I tbat you are inter-
ested in, all dates, f »cts. etc- I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cle* are in your way and how to remove them.
How to make tne bfgt of yojr talents and proa,
per. How to get money. I fi.id lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering Into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spe Is. stumbling blocks, bad luck and
habits, and overcome a.l evil woiks, rivals and
enemies. I never fall. I have brought, about
! more happiness than ell oth>r mediums, tubers
I are be Helped; why not you? If you are going 10
! see *t medium, why no. see the very best? It costs
no more. Notuing to be paid in advance, and if
not entirely satisfactory nothing at all. Do you
desire anything fairer than that? Residence, 4 20
Eddy St., between leaven worth and Hyde. Office
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 r v.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B.— No signs.
ME. ARN THE GREAT GKRMAN FOR-
tune -eller, the best In the world, can te.l you
I the past and future- th«» best card-reader: she can
I tell your fortune by Palmistry, the Egg and by
the Planets; will show you a picture of your
future husband or wife, and will teli you your
fortune from the cradle to the grave. Come and
ycu will be surprised, she cuies all diseases by
sympathy: has uever fated. >he Is the seventh
sister of the seven: she ha* the seven s»al«. she
Is he greatest mind -reaier. and can teil you re-
Kardtng speculations, business and mining; glve<
lucky numbers;, all family troubles satisfactorily
settled, bhe has appeared before all the crow
beads of uronf from whom she has flattering
I testimonials. 957 Harrison s*~. between Kifin
1 and ?ii.xth: price 25c and upward; office hours 10
I A. m. 10 8 P. m.
j X : ME. DX THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
I AX er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas",
! present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sura
help; restores lost lovs by aympatoy; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91; letter Post st, nr Larklo.
MM K. ARDT. GERMAN FORTUNETELLER:
tells past and future; gives picture future hus-
band or wile; fee 25c up. 9*7 Harrison, nr. Fifth.
MMr.. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant: never falls; call and be convinced. 419
Geary St., room 22, second floor: only 25c.
GYPSY LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.;
ltd ies 25c, gents tOe; al questions answered.
SEE A MEDIUM OF MIRACULOUS POWER
and luck: 25c, one price. 41 Minna, basement.
RS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.; water reading specialty.
ME. LEGGETTF: PAST AND FUTURE;
business advice: one price, 25c. 311 Tehama.
J X* MX RAVEN A REaD* LIFE FLUENTLY:
j ItJ business advice; names given: 25cnp.5 Fourth
MME. WALTERS HF TEHAMA ST.; CARDS:
ladles 25c, gents 50. 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
\IME. MORKAU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER,
J.M. medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
GYPSY LIFE HEADER. 8 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 25c, gents 60c; all questions answered.
MISS PEARL RAYMOND, FROM THE
East; magnetic treatment. 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
V. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
XJer and palmist, libs Mission si., bet. 7; hand Bth
j VjMK. SiYiilLLii Ih.LL-> tftUJM CKADLn. TO
! -I" irrave:picti:ri»< rl«-en -Udlfn '.'sc- 114 t>'Kwr-»iL
tSPIKITUALISM.
J \f MX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
1 IVL stages and advice on all maiterj pertain-
-105 to mortal affairs- 838 Mission st.
CV. MILLER, ETHEBEALIZ.NG. MATERI-
. allzlng trumpet seance, 8 ft.: 25c. 685 Pest
MMii. YOUNG'S TEST CIKCLE TO-NIGHT.
10c: convincing tests. 418 McAllister st.
MRS. FULTON— SLATE-WRITING SEANCK
to-oigut, 60c; . sittlngsdaily. 31 Fell st.
DR. SCHL SINGER HAS RETURNED; SlT-
tings dally. 634 Page st.
\« RS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLES
i»X Tuesday, 8 p. m , Thursday. 2 p. if ; readings.
I UEMOVAL- FRED EVANS, THE 81-ATE-
XV writing medium, li now located at 1122 Market,
R-.CJ. MEYER, 326 MCALLISTER. TO-
day tests to ell; dr. 2 and BP.m. ; 10c. ; sit. ings.
MRS.J. J. V HITNEY, s-PIKITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st. - •
HYPNOTISM.
GAL. HYPNOTIC INST., 1.J48 MARKET ST.:
hypnotism - scientifically ana successfully
RKM 95.
HY P.\ OTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls; tlso taught. Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MEW MISSION^HOai KS.' " n "~""'~""
NOW BUILDING. i
LOW PRICES. EASY TERMS. '
©OKAA FOUR NEW TWO-«TORY BAY-
i!p^jO\i\f. window houses of 7 rooms, bath and
basement; every <onvenience: r» i alter p ans to
suit purchaser if applied for at once: lot 253114; '
small cash payment, balance montnly, same as
reut. .hASTON, ELDKIDGK & CO.
ti.-H Market st.
•jHTODERN FLATS. ■■"■
NEAR FOURTH AND BRANNAN.
%Q'^oo A PaIR OF MODERN FLATS OF
*£)OU\J\J. 4 and 6 rooms, bath and basement;
only one year oid.
E ASTON, ELDRID ;E & CO.,
638 Market st.
pHEAP COTTAGE. ~~ ~
\j -
SEE IT TO-DAY.
Q 700 9 PUTNAM ST., NEAR SAN BRUNO
i~pi\J\'. road and C'ortlaad aye.; cottage and
lot, 25x70; owner on premises
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st. '
DRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
GRAND VIEW.
CLAY ST., NEAR WALNUT.
ffl»7P\oo MODERN HOUSE OF 9 SPACIOUS
«IP I *J\J\J. rooms, bath and basement: almost
new; cost over $10,000; street accepted; cement
sidewalk, etc. ; lot 32:6r127:8V4; easy terms.
EASToN, KLURIIHJE & CO.,
638 Market su
* SHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS. "
PAYS 10 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Qfil [^A A PAIR OP MODERN FLATS OF
v2\J±*J\J* 6 and 6 rooms and bath: sunny side
! of street: fine view of Golden Gate Park and sur-
: roundings; lot 25x116:6.
EAbTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
T^LEGANT RESIDENCE. ~ ~
OVERLOOKING PARK PANHANDLE.
Q7P\OO FINE MODERN RESIDENCE OF
tip I uUU. 14 large rooms, bath and basement:
handsomely decorated and papered; only i years
old; reduced from 58500 for quick sale.
EAbTON, ELDRIDciE A CO.,
638 Market st.
T OTS. LOTS. LOT&
FOR BUILDING tilt SPECULATION.
v $300— T st, cor. 46th aye.; 67:6tl0o!
»300— 25 th aye. and Point Lobos; 25x120.
$400— 17 th aye., !«. of P. Int Lobos: 25x120.
00— Cor. .1 st. and 27ihave.: 82:6x100.
*WO-Cor Noe and Day; 2»x80.
$1200— Corner on 30th sU; 85:6x125.
$1750— Golden Gate aye., near Baker st, • 25x
137:6. l-.i- .--.-_:■; ;
$1760— 19ih St., near Church: 50x114.
$18tO— Douglass, near 23d: 50x100.
$1850— Cor. 2uth ana Alabama; 25x114.
$2000- Clay ton, near Page; 25x106:a
$2100— Cla. -ton, near Fell; 25x106:3.
*25(jO— Cor. Army and Noe; 80x114
$3200— Sanchez, near 23d; «>5x117:6 to rear
street.
$5600— Pierce, near Vallejo; 55x112-6
EASroN, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
VOW STOP PAYING RENT. ~
1> FOLLOW TH -. EXAMPLE OF
MANY SHIU.WD PEOPLE.
BUY ONE OF THE CHEAPEST LOTS
IN THE CENTER OF THE CITY.
$325 and upward; 19:h, 20ih, Vermont and Ne-
oraskasis. ; only $50 cash; balance $10 monthly; 1
I posesslon given when first payment Is made and !
I you tan tulid at once; these lots are only 5 blocks
from foot of lOta st. and within walking distance <
Of town. BALDWIN *; howell,
10 Montgomery eU
rVTEW COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS; $50 CASH, $11
li month. THE MCCARTHY Co., 646 Market.
! T\riL.L BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
I » I flats at lowest prices, for cash or installments,
on your own lot, or will luriiish lot: call end exam-
-1 me plans. Dan EINsTEIN. builder. 630 Marke .
I go. <r THE CHEAPEST LOT IN c CEAN
I «jO-c). View; 30x125: on Broad it, near 1
! Capital; best a reel ana best block.
<Gi-'OO CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
«]p-JUU for new house; sunny side of Co'est.,
I near Waller: size of lot 25x125; contains 8 rooms
and all modern improvements.
ffij- AHA EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
«J)» UUU. St., nr. Castro: 5 large rooms, bath
1 and basement; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged; j
j mortgage cau remain if desired; good neighbor-
! hood; place not large enough for piesent owner. ;
. Apply BKIGDEN >t TIK.NtV, cor. Kearny and !
1 Commercial.
I mCTTLE .fc LOFT US, LAND AGENTS, 62J '
1 X Market m. . op;.. Palace Hotel ; city and coun- |
I 11/ property for sale and exchange only.
: IpOR SALE OK TO LET— 3-STORY HOUSE, !
-» 315 Guer.erosu; Hanson Dyeing and Cleaning
1 Worts: «te»m power; well and pump; stable, 5 '
I stalls; 40x112; easy terms; apply on premises, 1 •
\to4 v. M. ; also cottage. 5 room* ana bath, 302 ■
i 2d aye , near Clement B. i
MONEY TO LOAN.
! A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS. !
I . in S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
i without removal: no commissions; no delays.
J. noun" AN, 1017 to 1023 Muaiun su, above sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE '
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds j
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.: telephone Green 204.
' <^MOO 000 AT eJ^» I>KK CENT' ON CITY j
«ff> OUU. \J\J\J real estate; also Oakland: estates,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
, hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. ZDIOR 3D MORTGAGE*,
tatates, nndlvlded interests, real estate In pro-
i bate: furniture and piano* without reiuova.
] McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room &
j _^ m i
i VV rHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS? j
I »T We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100 '
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL |
LIBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
i elry. etc.: low Interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bldg, 809 Market; teL brown 19L
"ft^^^ 000 V BAA 'K RATES: IST AND
is!*J~iJ.\J\J\J 2d mortgages, estate* rents, etc:
lend as low as $50. 11. MURPHY. 623 Markets;.
©OH 000 TO DO AN ON CITY REAL
.X^U.UUU estate; 6VsTJ- SPECK A CO, 602
Market sl
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST; !
no commission. BCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye. ;
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY HEAL ESTATE:" I
any amounu WILL' 214 Plae su, r. 3. ■
AO.OOO ON LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES
I tJ)XU low Interest. JOa B. "IOPLITZ, 83d Pine.
Or\(\ TO $10,000: LOWEST RATE; IST & 2D I
«35UU rtortg.: any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES- i
tales In probate, etc Km. 7, 508 California, st.
ON| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RE-
moval; low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3. j
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal: very low Interest. 116 McAllister st.
9§B FINANCIAL.
WANTED— LOAN OF $3600 ON IMPROVED
; " Broadway property valued at $15,000: also
i $2250 on improved property valued at $4600, and
! several smaller sums. D. F. McUO.NALD & CO.
j 463 Ninth st , Oakland Cal. '
' ""^ mmm """" "^^^™—
EDUCATIONAL-
A NDERSON'si ACADEMY AND~SCHOOIToK
XV Mathematics: pupils prepared in day and
evening ciasse< and by private lessons for Calior-
| nia and Stanford universities: teachers.' marina i
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. It., 402 Parrot: bldz.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
. Elocution. 1215 Octavia st., Ma Francisco !
MISS KLIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
j G. W. Baynbam, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
.of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia. Pa.
! teacher. Office days. Friday p. v, Saturday a. m.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLKOK, 24 POST
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
tleCrlcal engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 KraOu> !
atea; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YKKS-. THK LEADING COLLEGE. 33? I
Montgomery st.: lsdividaal lnstrnctioa ia
shorthand, typlne bookkeeping, telegraphy eta-
We scholarship $59- I<jw rates per week and ma.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt. i
LEO COOPER. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. Pantomime and Acting; study or reper-
toire and vocal music. , sl4 Geary st. 
NGINKBRING SCHOOL; MECH ELEC
clva wining, survey, assay, archtt.. X raY
taukht; ea.1804. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.&S3 Mut
OOKKPNG. WKITNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMK.
day it night: noclatsea; $5 month. 845 Mission.
"15ANJO TAUGHT TO BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
X> per lesson. Address A., box 76, Call Office.
piANO, GERMAN, 75c; PUPIL LEIPSICCON-
X servaiory and German High School, 110 Hydest
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE-
French, ><erman languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
/-I IT AU. MAM/uLIN. PiANu ANO VyC^-
VX lissom t.-i mo. Alary Westhaas, 3» Fifth. '
ÜBiiCJKIPTiONsi AND WANT *l>*> FOKTHE
kJ Call taken at brand! I4ttc«b fedtf itay«a bL;
] ©pen untU V .60 o'clock,
- • ■ ■ v
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MF.NLO PARK— 3O ACRES ON SANTA CRUZ
aye.; an exceedingly choice locality: near tne
Stanford University ground); will be very valu-
able in a few years; will be sold on very easy
terms.
STOCK RANCH— 364O ACRES IN MENDO-
cino County; commands very large outside
range; good houses, cabins, turns, hay fields;
fl '8 water facl.ities: on Eel River aud branches:
fish and game in abundance; at least 100' acres
can be cultivated; $11,000; part can remain on
mortgage.
TVJAPA ■ VALLEY— IOO ACRES CHOICEST
Xi valley land; 4 miles from Napa, on railroad:
less than qua r ter mile from a ation; quality or sol
first-class for fruit; loca.ion unsurpassed; for bale
as a who c or in tracts of 25 acres each.
SHAINWALD, BL'CKBEh A CO..
218-2-.0 Montgomery SU, Mills building.
mO CAPITALISTS AND LAND BUYERS.
We have in our bands for sale one of the finest
tracts or truit land in this State, and it is offered as
, a whole or in subdivisions at lowest prices and on
easy terms of payment. - i
The property is in Placer County, the banner
fruit county of the State, near the main line of the
central Pacific Railioad and close to the great
shipping points of Newcastle, Rockiin, Penrynand
Loomis.
The soil is disintegrated granite, deep, rich,
easily tilled and in everyway especially adapted
to;iruii culture. It is comparatively level and
lightly covered with brush, whlcn is easily
cleared. While irrigation is not a requisite In this
section, owing to the abundant rainfall, there is
a large reservoir and ditch near by which will
afford those facilities if required. ' *
The Climate is well known and cannot be ex-
celled.
The market facilities for the fruits ot this
county are unsurpassed, and growers' returns are
up to the highest point. Placer County is now the
largest shipper of d ciduous fruits of any comity
in the -tate, and with citrus fruits Is fast forging
ahead to the lead.
1 his property is well and favoraolv known as
the "P.acer County Fruit Colony Tract"; contain*
920 acres, of which 160 are la full-bearing
orcnards of the choicest, varieties of cherries,
peaches, pears and plums, carefully selected and
planted for profitable sa.es: the bui din^s aie com-
foitable; the tract fronts on three main loun. y
roads and adjoins the Whitney lands, which, un-
improved, sold In 1848 at from $250 to $500, and
are now highly improved and valuab c In propor-
tion: as a whole this fin- property can be bought
for $75,000, one-third cash, ualanre on mortgage
at 7 per cent; If sold ia subdivisions the prices
wi 1 be governed by character of improvements on
pieces selected; terms of payment as above.
he property purchased a-j a whole and subdi-
vided in o 20 to 40 acre tracts should easily real-
ice $125,000.
On account of closing up a partnership it must
be sold by us as promptly i.s possible, hence the
low prices named. lor further Information ap-
ply to
SHAINWALD, BUCKBKE <& CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st-, Mills building.
QIQ nOO 180 ACRES, NEAR GLEN
ts) IO. UUU. Ellen: 15 acres on hard; 35 acres
level; balance gently rolling; abundance of wood
and water; all fenced; good bouse, barn and out-
buildings; will exchange for stock ranch.
dfrOjrflO HOUSE 8 ROOMS IN SAN MA-
«E)^c>v»U. teo: lot 60xl.«0; 'lawn: shrubbery;
barn, etc.: street wor* ail done; sewer connections;
3 blocks from depot.
GRIFFITH. CLARK & CO.,
19 Montgomery st.
TV ANTED- LOAN OF $800 ON PROPERTY;
" price $4000. Particulars 632 Market St., room
5, S. F.
Qt'-'T^fl 40 ACRKS IN SAN JOAQUIN
«Jp»)| •J\J. County; 32 acres bearing orchard;
new inolern house 6 rooms; barn: windmill ; fine
Improvements; sloe*, crop, tools and everything
goes; 3V& miles from railroad: $20i)0cat>h: bal-
ance on long time at 6 per cfnt. C. F. MOORE,
935 Market st , room 4.
! 1 ACRES HOMESTEAD CLAIM IN
I XUU Fresno County; fine level land: smalt Im-
| P'Ovemerßs; near pos office and school: will ex-
-1 change for paying business of any kind: a bar-
vain. Address .MIX R. JONES, Newcastle,
Placer County, CaL
Oil (\M\ *< 3 ACRES RICH LAND IN
€rlO.\J\jy'. the (celebrated fruit district at
Varaville; M) acres in fruit: house, barn, frnit-
house.,eic. : a big sacrifice; sold In 1890 lor $30,-
-600: would exchange i»r ray property. C'ail or
address M. O. CUBHY, 61 Murpay Dailding, 1238
Market st
C|')A Oflfl INSIDE CORNER ON POST
1 t£O\J.\J\Jyr. St. ; rents about $150 per month ;
1 a modern building on this lot will pay well. J.
W. ColemaN, 24 Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO; LOT 100x180, US GRIFFITH
aye., near Hotel Mateo; a bargain. H. P. t 607
Capp st.
1 1 REAT BARGAINS IN LAND: $35 PER
VI acre: small places; improved and unimproved:
! Alameda County, near ban Francisco. For de-
I tails write to H. J. DIGGLES. 69 Columbian
1 building, Marke:. st-, San Francisco.
I ,
i Si'^ooo 4 ACRES CHIIKEV RANCH;
j iJ^UUU. new 5-room. hard-finished hou.-te:
! large roved eh ckeu-uous- and Oro der. tine
I flower-garden: 10 minutes' walk frora postomce.
tiK Hot C. YOUNG, Petal 11 ma.
! l«*OR SALE— 2 POULTRY RANCHES. CON-
; -T sistlug of geese, ducks, chickens and pigeons:
< also .4 lota. 37x110 each, at $20 a lot. TtIuMAS
F. CONK LIN, Bed Flag, Six-mile station, ran
I Bruno Road.
0 ATO $80; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•_ ~x" unimproved land: terms to suit; fruit, grain,
vegetables; rail and water. K. 65, Chronicle bldg.
1 EARLY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE LAND—
! ri 1000 acres of the "Wolfs Kill grant," l.i lota
'. from 20 acres ui>, Gelling for $. v 0 per acre on easy
| terms: located 3 ml.es west of Winters. Cal. For
I particulars address W. H. GREGORY, Winters,
Cal. .
1 ITT US HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; liT
Xj proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
, on 8 and 1 ( years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
: noma City: every Mondar at 632 Market su. & F.
ffljC AN ACRE: Iii8l) ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
«Ir«J for stock or fruit: plenty water. S.. box 40.
HORSES.
LADY'S HORSK AND TOP BUGGY FOR
sale cheap. Devisauero-st. stable, nr.McAUister.
! ~i\ HORSES FOR SALE: WAGONS AND
I *Jyf harness, at car stables, 721 Howard St.; auc-
I tion every Tuesday.
FOR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;
sound; in good condition; A 1 roadster; single
or doable. Olympic Stables. 603 butter st.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st-, S.
WATKIN->, auctioneer.
HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
rz\J boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wed-
I nesday. bULLIV AN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
; T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
I Xj of quod harness, our own make, of every de-
I scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
: trash; scud forcaulogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
rf\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
< clUbuslness 900 to JSOU pounds. Old Turk-su car
{ stables, 1801 Turk; team of larce young; mulei.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
mANDEM CART; 6-SEAT TOP CARRIAGE;
1 fi-Klasi landuu: nearly new. O'BttlEN <&
SONS, 600 Golden Gate aye.
rnEA, COFFEE AND SPICF. WAGON: 1 NEW
X peddling wagon; cheap. 1340 Turk st.
\fi.W AND r-ECOND-HAND BAKER, LA UN-
Xi dry and milk wagon; also fins top baggy and
rockaway. HV?B Harrison st-
FOR KALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
T ARGE FRESH DURHAM COW; RICH
XJ nilK, 21) quarts a day ; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
OLITAIRE DIAMOND RING FOR «30:
worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant aye.
<2*QO AKRMOTER WINDMILL AND 2000-
-•. »U. gallon lank. In good condition, together
with gplvan:zed piping, fur sele. Apply of the
1 owner, 3824 Nineteenth st.
PHOTO LENSES. CHEMICALS, FRAMES;
X developing and printing done cheap. 708 Turk.
<2» I/ • DOME -TIC SEWI.NG MACHINE 'IN
ijtllt. gojd order. 1915 Mission st., bet. Fif-
< ttenth and >ixtei-mh.
T ATHES, PLANERS, SHAPKRS. DRILL
XJ presses and gas engines; second hand. Ameri-
can Iron Works, 515 sixth st.
I AUNCH FOR SALE; 25 FEET, 6% BEAM;
XJ cabin: 6 horsepower; $900; new. L., box 41,
C all v Mice.
SA FES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. «J9
Market st.
ICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, $45: BIG
X> bargains In second-hands. Wuverley Retail,
210 McAllister st. Wholesa c. 61 First su
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH;
in perfect order. H. s, WHJi'E, . 516 Mission
\TKW CAfeH-KKGISTEas FUK SALr. <'R TO
Xi rent. MAGUIRr., 130 Sansomc a:., room 9. ■-'
| < OJLERS,EN(JI.\ES,.D-UA-Nii MACHINERY
13 water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beale. '
COtJ-Kii MILL. SCALES, LKTTKtt PRESS,
\J stand desk, money 11. safe: cheap. • 102 Clay.
hARS, SHOWCASKH, COUNTERS. SHKLV-
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
ai>ge double cumpar i Me,.> *■ coin
bank safe; cliea.i. b Mission su
bARS, BACK iiARS. . iIIKRORS. SHOW-
I ' cases,, counters, linoleum, cilice -furniture,
(tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NOON AN, IUI7-lUl»-102l-lUiJ
Mission %* . above Blxth.
•VTKW ELMWOOD RANGES ABE THE BEST
X> W. a KAY MFG. CO. 13 California su .
NX SMALL ! MEDIUM AND LAKUE-SIZK
lire and burglar proof safe. 108-111 Market it,
PERSONALS.
CE. THOMAS— LEAVE PAPERS AT CALL
. Office. M. M ERG ENS.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
' talty: private; no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
tiamaces, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
U. W.HOWE, at:y-at-:aw, «50 Market,cor.Stocktn
DETECTIVES FURNISHED ALL BRASCH-
es lesitimate work. Mui.en's Agency, 20 Ellis.
THE L.xRGi ST, THE BEST, IHE QUICK-
eat, the neatest, th- cheapest, the largest. and
be it hairdr»-s:>iiis: establishment un the coast: the
neatest and politest assistants and artists: the
quickest and cheapest service; hairdressing, any
style, is only -sc; switcues run from 81 to $3. U.
LfcDiiREK, 111 Stockton St.
THE ONLY SPECIFIC
Baths in the world decomposing and removing
all mercurial or any m neral, vege.able or animal
POISONS from the system ; you .ry them: DR.
MIITH'S i-MAGNEHC BATHS cure
RHEUMATISM; hygienic board; sunny rooms.
1533 BUCHANAN ST.
IJLESSKD OIL.
A, , K very wheelman and horseman says that of
Vll a • IL, and they know: cures sprains, bruise-*,
lameness, soreness and st ffness; $1 bot.: 6, $S;
*10 gal. : chararea prepaid. 1533 I UCHANAN ST.
I^INE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CUM'H-
X' ing parlors. 513 Monlgomer/ su
1 HOD BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $150;
X\J\J\.l wedding work. HILL, *2i/i Geary st.
\Y ANTED-OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACIUR-
" in?. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 2'J2 O'Farrell st.
pUPILS — SPECIAL RATES; HAIRDRESS-
-l In^ asc "Up-to-Uate" Hairdressing and Mani-
cur.ng Parlors, 10i6 Market, over "The Wonder."
RACIAL BLEMISH* WRINKLES, SMALL-
pox plttinps and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; baldness cured. MRS. E. KING. 624 Sutter.
DRUNK CURE- GUARANTEED;
6th year; book free. Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth su. Alameda.
TRY U3 ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
-L tailoring: lowest prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH GhEVEa'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
-0 nisbes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the professional stage, ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building, Market and Jones, rooms I^l and I^2.
T3HEUMATISH CURKD OR MONEY RE-
XV funded: poor treated free. 305 Eddy st.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
service. Rcoms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
■■ ■ —
MISS JESME AND LIZZIK KEEGAN.LATE
with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayeinc
and bleaching a specialty. I'JIVa O'Farrell St.,
phone Brown 353.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: »1
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN REST AU-
X rants combined: F. DELMoNTE & CO.. pro-
prietors of the old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 431
1 roadway, have consolidated with MR, ANGELO
DKLMONTE. proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 430-4i>'2-434 Broadway, Just opposite.
HUFSCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gas litter. «22 Golden Gala ay. TeL,Sntter47L
AGNISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
-I*l chine; uses the kinetoscope lilmi; price re-
duced, $150. BACIGALUPI, 946 Market su
|>IO OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON (SHOW EVE-
JD ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of bust-
Bean. Consult OWL AD v. CO.. 1140 Market st.
pARTINOTON'S OF MAGAZINE
i. and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine at.; illustration* :uriiliUiea
lor magazines, newspapers, etc. /
UPTUKE AND PILES CUKED: NO PAY
until cored: send for book. DBS. Ma-N*
FIELD Jt PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st.
ELKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
LOO rooms. 25e to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 pec
week ; tree bus and baggage to and front the ferry.
pJLOAKS, FUKS A.\ it 6UITS RETAILED At'
\J wholesale priest. Fartorr. 2(t tsansomest.
* DRESSMAKERS.
DKESBES. $2 50 UP: CAPE-*, «1 UP; WRAP-
pers. 800 up. 431 Minna su .
LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, BAN
' Francisco, April 15. 1897.— 1n compliance
with Hie provision* of sec; ion 6 of order 1598 of
thp Hoard ot Supervisors, approved September 15,
1680, there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
sspt-ar <£. Co., at their salesrooms, HI and »3 Sutter
street, on
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen, lon
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, i s detailed in an inventory
thereof on file In the office of .he clerk of the
Boara of Supervisors, and consisting of Jewelry,
wearing apparel. pi -noli, knives, etc.: alsoalotof
trunks, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from the Coroner of this City and
County. Open for Inspection ou morning of sale,
A. C. WIDBKR,
City and County Treasurer.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAT. ESTATE.
TVTEW 7-KOOM HOVSK; FINISHED IV
■It latest design; half a block to local-., neighbor-
hood first c.ass; owner must have money; f2suO.
$100 cash.
FINE BUSI>E«S BLOCK; 4 STORES AND 4
fl it*, on San Pa Mo aye., close to business cen-
ter: mori age $9000; price $12,000; cost 2 years
ago $17,000; pays good interest on investment.
THIRST-CLASS BRICK HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND
X bath: lot 60x150; 3 clocks to local station and
store-*: in an estate and must be sold; appraised at
«4500; price *2500; half cash. vv^iaean
A LITTLE GEM; COTTAGE 5 ROOMS; HALF
-t\. a clock to Dwight-w«y station; coit $2000*
must be sold at once: only »1150. see this without
fall; (300 or $400 cash.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
*3t Ift P.fiCl ONE OF THE MOST ELEGANT
«IPIU,VUU. homes in « a*land; NW. corner
of Jackson and 13th sts.: cost present owner »29,-
-0 i 0; must be sold; owner leaving city: costly
hous»; 11 rooms: finished in bard woods; ot 10 J
xIG3; lot alone wor.h more than the price asked:
term* 4 cash, ha ance ou mortgage. WILLIAM
J. DINi.EK, 460 Eighth st., Oak and. .
KFER WANTED — FOR TH E GRIFFIN
place, on Jackson st., Oakland; will se 1 for
one-fourth its orui.ial cost: s-rid for particulars.
WILLIAM J. DINGKE, 400 Eighth St., Oakland.
CM OOA EACH: 3 MODERN COTTAGES; 5
iIpIOUU rooms and bath: g«od location; near
local trains: cost 2tOJ eacn lormerlv; rented for
?'J2 50 per uio.; term* 8)00 cash. $.'6 per month.
M II.LIAM J. DI.NGcE, 460 Eighth St., Oakland.
VY A HOU.->E AND LOT In BEAUTIFUL"
If rut. vale: only a minute's walk to the station-
see the owners at their office in Fruitvale for bar-
gains. BaSSp.TT BROS., Frui-.vale station.
fflj 1 (\{\ EACH. 4 LOTS .Mr.LKUSE STATION
IVY Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
l\J\J Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 a week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE. HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are low: lots $100 to $150 at
Fltchbure. beyond Frultvae; the best property
for Investment- now offered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening, very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
Ing in this locality tee the owner of this property,
C. M. KUNKLE. 915 Washington at., upstairs!
room 28, Oakland. Cal. ' \ -. \
OAKLAND FURNISHED KODMS.
JAUUEhINNY BO MS: GAU Ui> HO? til
lJ Oakland: board optional. Bth si., off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
J»T,AMKD V kU(AX rSTAT"!.
VIUBT BE BOLD FOR CAsH OR ON KA>Y
i»i terms: house of ft mortis and oath, modern
Improvements: ot :- Ox 130: near electric cars and
night- street staitou; no reasonable offer refused.
410 Kei.ruy St., room 10.
L'OK SALE— BARGAIN; COR. I.OT, 134x175;
X 4 cottages. 6 rooms each; Pacific aye. aud
Schiller st. ; offer wanted: street work done. In-
quire B. AKIAS, 1823 Pacific aye., Alameda.
|< ARGAIN: ALAMEDA COUNTY :80 MILES
J' from city; choico land; lrult, hay, grain, veg-
etables, with liviiHt springs: 926 10 «35 per acre.
.H. J. UIuQLEs. 09 Column an building IS. F.
ALA3IEDA KOOMS AND MOUSES.
■PLEGANTLY FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
XJ or without board, near Morton Station, Ala-
meoa. A. H.. box 1«6. Call. .
CJJi C 4-ROOM COTTAGE FURNISHED COM-
<t£)lO. plete at Monterey; also furnished and un-
furnished rooms. MRS. SPENCEii, 1821 Park
Km lamed a. . • • ;. •
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SO UJ: MODERN OF 8
rooms and bath: corner lot 60x125; nice
grounds; grand view; near U. C. and station;
owner lias to go south : price **760. coat 13500.
O. O. MAY <& CO , 2123 Center st. Berkeley.
CrofWjCASH WILL BUY cottage OF 4
%S>O\Jyl rooms: hard wo finished: 7-foot base-
ment; 2 lots, 55x15:3: West lie keley. Address
IS., box 18, call uilice.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
q*cy(\f\ LODGINO-HOU^E: 20 ROOMS,
*Jp£.\J\J. partly 1 rnlshed: best part Market st :
would exchange for real estate. Address WIL-
SON. 102 Mirke st. -■ : -.
Additional * Classified Advertise-
men ts on Page 11.
MAKKIAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage lieenssj hava beea
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
William J. Aitchison and Louise Otto. 23—23.
George P. Taylor aud Delia Smith. 27—24.
George R. Gay and >v» E. Worth. 25—22. ;V ;
John W. Chapman and Mary A. box. 24—22.
James M. Wyckoff and Ida teck, t6— _'l.
William B. Weir and Mattie S. Whin er. 35-25.
James B. Galla?ner and Delia A. Hynes, 19-21.
Isaac H. Polk ana Minnie J. Bradoury. 4J-SJ-'.
W. K. Speed and Thama U. Dic<enson. -J7— l9.
Albert L. Wolf,. ■■ n d Annie s. Mulie-t. 31— "J9.
— MARRIAGES — iMitiT
BOKS.
ABRAHAMS— In Omaha. Apnl IS. 1897, to the
wife of H. J. Abrahams, a daughter.
LEONARD-ln this city, April Id", 1897, to the
wife of John P. Leonard, a son.
RAHMER-Iu this city, April 11, 1837, to the
wir«. of Fre<i Rahmer. a non.
&lAKUIED.
BROOKS— FITTES-In this cltr. April 7, 1897.
at th.» residence of the bride's parents, by the
Rev. F. H. Mooar, Frederick Elm out Brooks and
Isabe le Margarette Fittes.
MENSOR— SCHWARTZ— In mis cltv. April 11,
Irt97. •by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Henry Mensor
an I Annie Schwartz, both of fan Francisco
DIED.
Ah Lira Murphy, Margaret
Coakley. James F. Nooaan. Catherine
Dodne. John W. O'Connor, Annie
Fitzpatrick, P. D. O'Connor. Eugene
Gensler. Lizzie Pl<-rce. Kllen
Hassinger. Samuel K. Stuart. William G.
Johnson, Frank A. Trezona. John
Lee Won Tro.\ Mrs. Mary
Leonard (infant) Welhmann, Frederick
Loriug, Mary R. Wolf, Fanny
AH LIM-In the City ana County Hospital. April
18, 1897. Ah Lira, aged 62 years.
COAKLEY— In Los Angeles. April 19, 1897,
James F. Coakley, a native of California, aged
35 years.
DODGE-In this city. April 17, 1897, John W.,
husband of Hannah L. Dodge, a native of Block
Island, K. 1., aged 72 years.
aS-Funeral THIS * DAY (Tuesday), at 2:30
o'clock p. m., from 1. O. O. F. 11 ail. in charge of
ban Francisco Lodge No. 3, LO.O. F. Inter-
ment private.
FITZPATRICK-In this city, April 18 1897. at.
St. Mary's Hospital, P. D. £ kzpatricK. belovel
brother of John and Annie Fitzpatrlck and Mr*
B. R. Keenan. a native of County van, ire.
land. HgoJ 61 years.
a^Friends ana acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors or Mcavov & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
tneuca to st. BriU.et's Church, Van Ness ave-
nue, be:woen Pacific street and Broadwa-.-,
where a solemn high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
GENSLKR— In tula city. April 17, 1897, Lizzie,
beloved wife of G. Gensler. and youngest daugh-
ter of Kliza and the .a c John D. Swift, a native
of Alameda, CaL, aged 21 years. 7 months and
lOditrs.
•^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS UAV
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. i3B Twenty-seventh street, lutor-
men: Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HASSIXGER— In Oakland. April 19. 1897, Sam-
uel Kerr Hassinger, a native of Delaware, aged
71 years.
JOHNMON-In this city. April 19, 1897, Frank
Anton Johnson, a native of Portland, Or., aged
17 year* 9 months and 8 days.
LEE WON— In this cltv. a pril 18, 1897, Lee Wo.i,
a native of China, aged 52 years.
IjEONAKD-In this city, April 16. 1897, Infant
son or John P. aud Mary Leonard.
LORING— In this city. April 18. 1897. Mary R.
wife or Rouen Loring, mother of Homer. Ruby
and Robert Loring, and sister of William J..
Peter J. .Henry F.. I homas P., Edward, Mar-
cus. Emma, Katie and Ellis Burke. Mrs. J. Hall
and Mr*. James Finnit/, a native of Ha'fmoun
Bay. CaL, aged 33 years li months and 8 days.
<£g-Kripn(H and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend th 9 funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from the family
residence. 5 Gordon plac. Interment Holy L'roii
Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock p. m. train, from
Third and Townssnd streets.
MUKPHY— In this city. April 18, 1897, Margaret
Murphy, a nativd of Ireland.
NOONAN— In this city, April 17, 1897. Catherine
beloved wife of Michael Noonan. aud mother of
Mrs. F. A. Smac< and/ Mrs. F. J. Fagan, a na-
tive or County cork, Ireland, a«ei 59 years.
AS* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend '.he funeral THIS DAY
- (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 3b"l Preclta avenue, theaca to St.
Peter'j Church for service*. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOK— In this city, April 19. 1897. Annie
O' onnor. a native or California, aged 42 years.
tuerment private. :; .-•*
O'CONNOR— In this city, April 19, 1897, Eugene,
beloved husband of Annie K. O'Connor, and
rattier of Thomas E., Eugene F.. Mary, Joseph-
ine and Maggie O'Connor, a native or Ennis-
corty. County Wexford, Ireland, aged 63 year*.
PIEHCE-In this city. April 18, 1837, Ellen,
deariy beloved mother of Frank. Agnes. George
and .he late Charles fierce, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, agei 58 years.
J63~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the fun -nil TO-MORKuW
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock a.m., from her
late residence. Twenty- street, between Ver-
mont aud Kansas, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrate I
for the reposa of her soul, commencing ac 9:15
o'clock a. m. Intermeut Mount Caivary Ceme-
tery.
STUART— In Oakland, April 15 1897.' William
Gordon, son or W. G. and Hattie J. Daniel*
i wart, a native of Albany, >". V., aged IS
i years.
TREZONA-In this city. April 19. 1897, John
Trezona. a native ot Cornwall, England, aged 47
yean 3 months and 25 days.
83TFrlendi and acquaintance"! are regpec*~
fuliy invited to at. end the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11:80 o'clock a. m., from the
Christian Union Cburcn, San Lorenzo, CaL
Interment at San Lorenzo.
TROY— In this city. April 18. 1897. Mrs. Mary
Troy, beloved mother of . Mrs. P. Goyhe-
nelx, Mrs. C. W. Miner and Katherine, William,
flay burn and Lillian Troy, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 6j years 8 months and
26 (lavs. . •
aS~The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of her daughter, 718 Treat avenue,
thence to St. Pet r's Churcn. Twentr-fourtb,
and Alabama s.reets, whera a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoja of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock a. m. inter-
meat private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEI HM ANN— In ints cltv. April 18. 1897. Fred-
ericic, beloved husband or Catherine Weihmann.
and father of Henry. Aunie and Margaret elb- -
mann. a nativd of Germany. a<ed 57 years 10
months and 9 days. fNe.v York and New Or-
leans papers please copy. J
45" friend* and acquaintance!! are r«SD«:t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Tuesday), at vi o'clock p. m.. from his late rail-
aence, I*os Montgomery street between Filber:
and Greenwich. Interment I. O. O. If. Cemetery.
WOLF— In this city, April 19, 1897, Fanny, be-
loved wife of Abraham Wolf, and mother of
Mi ui uel and Edward Wolf, a native of Prussia,
aged 04 years.
a?* Friends and acquaintances are resp->:*-
fnliv Itivito.l to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. x., from her late resi-
dence -'OOj Polk street, near Pacific. Inter-
men. Home of Peace cemetery.
{ McAVOY & CALLACHER, j
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
• . Telephone South 80.
i ' "'
NOTICE.-THE BUSINESS OF McAVOY
& tiALLAi'U X will be conducted a: the
old stand. .No 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
of the widow of the late HKNKV J. GALLAG-
HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE B. GaLLAG>
H£.R. MKS. H. J. GA LAGHEK.
ANNIE B. GALLAGHKR.
-'■■■■ - ■
SjTsrM"cMENOMKy^™^™™™^HAs7McMTxoM??
JAMES JIcME>OJIKV & SOX, •
1 UNDEKXAKEKS AND E.MUAL jltit.s.
luji Alissiou Street, Near aeveucu.
Telephone >outn «54.
i :
! AS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARE.V
CAREW & ENGLISH,
tM)ERTAKER3 AND EMBAL.UJb.ii* :
fVNKBAL DIKECTOKS, .-
-19 Van Ness aye.. ne*r ai, o»a -o'raastje*
Telephone so. 15i ' - ....
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER,
QANTNER & QUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embaltners.
8 and 1O CITY HALL SO. LAKE.
Telephone South 432. ■.■^■ ;; '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
18 PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
1 of burial plata and graves in Its cemetery anJ
give deeds.
Perpetual car« of lots will he arranged for at tas
1 Superintendent's offlcs at the cemetery, cornet
I Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
| MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city £ non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. GiUce b»7 ftUr^«i
j ■treed boutheiui corner or aixtu.
1314
CARDINAL
GIBBONS
APPROVES
Children Should Ba Taught
to Honor Abraham
Lincoln.
CONGRESSMAN HILBORN
RESPONDS
Message From the President of
the American Institute
of Instruction.
BISHOP HURST OF THE CHURCH
METHODIST.
Crtificates of Membership in the |
Lincoln Monument League Will
Be Issued in 8..0ks To-Day
The plan to erect in Golden Gate Park,
San Francisco, a fitting monument to the
memory of the great patriot, Abraham
Lincoln, meets with universal approbation.
Certificates of membership in the Lin
coln Monument League are now ready.
They will be issued to-day in books, each
book containing fifty certificates.
Lincoln Post No. 1, Grand Army of the
.Republic, is a subscriber for ten books —
FACSIMILE OF TfcE LiNCOLN MONUMENT CERTIFICATE.
500 certificates. It is presumed thnt
George H. Thomas Post No. 2 will do
equally well, if not a little better.
C. Mason Kinne, T. C. Masteller and
Joseph Steele will goto Salinas to-morrow
as a committee irom the monument
league to present the plan of subscriptions
to the department encampment of the
G. A. R.
To-morrow books will be sent to the
principals of the public schools of San
Francisco, to the Bohemian Club, Union
League Club, Loyal Legion, and to min
isters of the go=pei of all denominations.
W. W. Stone, president of the leaene, is
confident that the books will be placed in
the schools of th« State ot New York.
Should the Empire State lend hearty sup
port to the enterprise other States will
readily fall into line.
Assurance is given that the Catholic
schools will join the public schools in pav
ing respect to the memory of Abraham
.Lincoln. Desiring the co-operation oi
Catholic society in this great patriotic
work Presdent Stone recently addre»sed
tne annexed letter to Cardinal James Gib
bons:
8a» Francisco, March 23. 1897.
Cardinal James Gibboim—Ynvß Grace: You
■will pardon me liberty I lake in uddres-ing
you in this communication, but I am very
anxious to obtain an official and direct ex
pression of sentiment, wiiicb 1 know you en
tertain in ail matters pertaining to the en
lightenment of our rising generation.
The Grand Army of the Republic ol this
City has formt-d an a^Kociaao ti.own as the
Lincoln Monument League. The object of
this league is to raise funds oy popular sub
scription wherewith to erect a rnonurrent to
Abraham Lincoln. Supplementary to the
marble shaft, however, wo seek to raise a liv
ing uiomimuiit, whose base shall re*l in the
hearts ot ihe children of our gieat land.
I am corresponding with the leaders of edu
cational tnought in this country sugges ting
that Friday. May 28, of this year be set aside
by 6chooi authorities as Limoln day. On
that occasion boosts and recitations are to be
rendered suitubie to such an occasion.
From my knowled«e of me gentlemen with
whom I have corresponded I am< confident
that my proposal will meet with general favor,
indorsed as it is by our commander-in-chu-f
and adopted by our rank and file in this State.
Tnis bain? the case I nave made bold to
write to you for an expression of your opinion
on the subject.
The patiieiic story of Lincoln, his large
souled sympathy ; his inflexible sense of jus
tice; his Kern sense of duty; his reliance on
KJEW TO-SAT.
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath •with Coticdra Soap,
a single application of Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Cuticura Resolvent, greatest of. blood
purifiers and humor cures.
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
Pottek Drug ahd Ciirm. Co«p.. Sole Prop... Boston.
oar" How to Cure Every Skin and Blood Humor," free.
PIMPI V FfIPFQ Purified «nd Betntiflrd by
nmrLl rfIULO cuticura soap.
Cardinal Gibbons' Letter Endorsing the Plan to Do Honor to Lincoln.
our Heavenly Father in nil matters pertain
ing to the welfare of his beloved country; the
terrible story of Ins cruel taking of!; aii these I
ure matters of history, which a Lincoln day
would bring out in bold relief, making an in
delible impression on the susceptiole minds
of our youiii.
1 am anxious to see the Catholic schools of i
the country join in Ihis patriotic movement, j
and I therefore crave from you the expression
of your opinion, knowing that a word from i
you will have a powerful influence in moltlfng ;
public thoucht. Very respectfully, your obe- j
dient servant, W. \V. Htone.
President Lincoln Monument Lengue.
Yesterday the president of the leaeue
waw highly delighted in receiving this J
cordial mid patriotic repiy lrom the dis
tinguished prelate:
Cardinal's Residence,' 4o3 N. Charles st.,»
Baltimore, Md.. April 13, 1897. j
W. ll*. Stone— Dear Sik: In reply to your
communication, me Caramel bees 10 say that
he would indor.-e the .whereby the chil
dren in. the schools would be taught to do
honor to the large-minded patriot, Abraham
Lincoln. Yours truly,
: . W. T. Russell, Secretary.
Another message highly gratifying to
the promoters of the ler.eue arrived yester
day. It is from A. E. Winship. president
of the American Institute of Instruction
and editor of the Boston Journal of Edu
cation. Following is the text of the
letter: '•-.
3 Somerset Street. i
.-.-V -.Boston, April 12, 1897. )
Dear Mr. Stone: All right. I will do what I
can in regard 10 the Lincoln day. I like the
idea. Keep .me posted. "The "savior of his
country" should be honored by the children
and youth of the iana. Yours truly,
A. E. Winship.
Samuel G. Hilborn, member of Con
gress from the Oakland district of Caliior
nia, sent this acknowledgment:
HorsEOF Representatives, U. S., i
Washington, l>. C. April la. 1897.
W. W. Stone. President Lincoln Monument
. League, San Francitco— I^ear mr: Your letter
j who enclosure is duly received. 1 assure yon !
I that anything I can do to forward the purpose
I of your league shall be cheerfully done. Com
mand me. Your« truly. S. G. Hilborn.
John F. Hurst, Bishop of the Methodist
Episcopal church, writes:
1 am in sympathy with the general purpose
indicated. Some States, 1 think, already ob-
Ferve Lincoln's bir.'hday in February. Would
it not be better !o secure, after this year, the
verbal observance of this or some other
day more removed from other holidays? Yours
sincerely, - '-,v V John F. Hirst.
The Union League Club last night ap
pointed a committee to act with the Lin
! coin Mouument Leagne.
UNION LEAGUE MEETING.
Committee on thn Lincoln Monument
Appointed— O.her Matters of
Interest.
At the meetinn of the Union League
Club last night $100 was voted toward the
buildiiiE Ol Balboa avenue. A committee
was also appjinted to act with the Lin
coln Monument Association. Besides this
a resolution was passed asking California
Senators that protection be given in the
tariff bill to California fruits.
The question of new quarters came up.
and in regsrd to this a resolution was
passed deciding to remain in the present
rooms if satisfactory arrangements could
be made. The matter waa left for final
decision with the boarJ of directors.
PEEJDKY CHAKGED.
Charles Hellmnn Come* From St. Louis
to Secure a Vindication.
Charles Hellman arrived from St. Louis
Mo., yesterday morning, and went iml
mediately to police headquarters, where
he surrendered himself, as two warrants
charging him with perjury were out for
his arrest.
The warrants were r.worn to in Judge
Low's cour 1 , on February IG, by John
Pearson, 516 Precita avenue. It was al
leged that iiellman in swearing before
Charles H. Phillips, a notary public, on
December 24 last, that the allegations in
a complaint for divorce from his wile, on
the ground of willful desertion, were true,
committed perjury. The allegation on
which the charge is based is tnat for over
a year prior to the tiling of the complaint
he and his wife had not been living to
gether, whereas in fact they had been liv-
I ing together up to one month prior to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1897.
filing of the complaint.
The second charge is for testifying to
the same effect before F. W. Lawlor, a
Court Commissioner of the Superior
Court, in the suit for divorce on Jan
uary 12.
Hellman was taken before Judge Low,
and told the Judge that he came to Cali
fornia last year and obtained a divorce
from his wif<>. At the time tie owned a
lot here which he sold for $500 an-i gave
t*ie money to his divorced wife. As soon
as he gained the decree be returned to St.
Louis, and as soon as he heard there were
warrants out for his arrest he came here to
vindicaie himself". The Judge released
him on his own recognizance.
AID FOR THE AVENUE.
Albert Gerbantlng'H Spirited Speech to
the Produce Exchange and
the Response.
Albert Gerberding, president of the
Produce Exchange, called his fellow mem
bers to order at 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, and addressed them in a style that
excited their enthusiasm in favor of the
Balboa avenue enterprise. The speech
was magnetic and instantly effective. He
appreciated the anxiety of members to
reach May and December options, but de
sired to direct a thought to the 'men who
were in the December of life and seeking
for employment. He knew that the by
laws of the exchange did not countenance
the expenditure of exchange money with
out due notice at the meeting, but he ap
pealed to the sense of generosity and pub
lic spirit of individual members for con
tributions to the avenue fund. He men
tioned that John McCord, a fellow mem
ber, was superintendent of the work, and
that the City was getting five dollars of
benefit /or every dollar expended. More
money was needed at once to advance the
work.
The president's remarks elicited so
much enthusiasm that Moses Blum
headed the gifts to the avenue fund with a
contribution of $2;?. Others followed so
rapidly that they were tumbling over one
another to get recognition from the chair.
Carey Friedlander, the secretary, had all
he could do to keep up with the pace of
responses.
The following subscriptions to the fund
were recorded :
M. Blum .'..s2 A
Koshlaiiii <& Co. 2,'»
KOienbir^ 30
Cierbenimg & Co vo
Port Cos. a Mi U 100
Morrow <£ Co 20
Oauthler Jr 6
H. W. Kediiigron 20
Kmll Meyer 6
H. C. homers. 20
fccott & McCord -.0
w.Cerke. 10 I
J«. D.Glrvln 2.'>
51. Aaicr 10
MooVe, Ferguson <k Co . 1:5
J> \V. .Mci.li ullln 20
J. 8. Vermeil 20
3. k. de Kuyier lo
W. F. >oale ; 5
J. »-riinger jo
spllvaio <fc Co 2'J
X. A. Kresse jo
11. linger jo
J. Mar tin it em & Co jo
.•.ax Brooks... jo
Culler & Moore 10
William Htarr 5
J. F.Kngltsh. 20
JHnz<fc CO iO
H. 8. Crocker.... 6«
C. -. Luuiueisier. -jo
S. WageDhelm 26
G. hutroJr 10
W. 1). Withram. 6 !
When the crowd heard the announce
ment oi $100 from the Port Costa mills
there was an instant shout of approval.
Henry Crocker was • cheered when his
contribution of $50 was announced.
A motion was made that a committee
should be appointed to wait on members
who were not present to give them an
opportunity to enlarge the sum. The
president requested that the committee
should be named by the audience. The
meeting appointed as the committee A.
Gerberding, J. Newman, E. B. Cutter, E.
L. Eyre and J.Erlinger.
The sum of $645 was raised in a few
minutes yesterday. The contribution will
be increased until the amount reaches
$1000. • ,
Farmers in some parts of Nebraska lit
erally have corn to burn and are using it
for f ueL
DAN CUPID'S
BIG DAY IN
SOCIETY
J. D. Grant to Wed Miss
Macleay, a Portland
Belle.
TWO ENGAGEMENTS AND
TWO WEDDINGS.
Misi Adeline Mills Betrothed to
Chester Ho comb, a Wash
ington Dipl.mat.
MISS DICKENSON MARRIED TO
WILL SPrIED.
Nuptials of Mis* Minnie Bradbury
and Isaac Hi'iliard Pope
Yesterday.
Besides the occurrence of at least one
happy wedding, two notable enga.ements
were made public yesterday, and for once
society was unable to wisely wag its head
and whisper, "I told you so." In fact
tue 400 were entirely unpre pared for the
pleasant news, and Dame Rumor had
never in her wildest or moat reckless
moods even hinted, at the coupling of the
names of Joseph D. Grant and Miss
Macleay or of Miss Adeline Mills and
Chester Holcomb,
Mr. Grant is one of the wealthiest of
San Francisco's eligible young men
and for many years past has at once
been the delight and despair of doting
mothers and match-making chaperones.
Miss Macleay, the young la<ly of his
choice, is a Portland belle and beauty.
She is the daughter of Donald Macleay, a
retired merchant of Portland, a member
of the old iirm of Corbett & Macieay, who
were the first of the prominent mercantile
firms lo win a wide commercial reputation
on the Pacific Coast.
In appearance she is slightly above the
average height, a chataine, with large
blue eyes and exquisite complexion. She
was educated in England, where, up to
two years ago, she had lived continuously
since the death of her mother, wuich oc
curred when she was but a child.
She returned to the home of her father
in Portland two years ago, and since that
time has been prominently identified in
Portland not only as a society woman, but
as a leader in local charitable work.
Joseph D. Grant is one of the best known
young men on this coast. He is a partner
in the firm of Murpny, Grant & Co., one
of the oldest and most widely known dry
goods houses in this city, of which his
father. Adam Grant, was a founder.
In the financial world of this locality he
is very prominently identilied. He is di
rector and a leading spirit in several of
the largest and most prominent corpora
tions on this coast. He is a member of
the Pacific Union, University and Bo
hemian clubs of this city, as well as a
member of the well-known Union Club of
New York City.
Mr. Grant is a director in the Art Asso
ciation, a charter member of the Burlin
game and Country ■ übs, and one of the
founders of the nor • show, with which
he was very prominently connected, and
is recognized as one of the most popular
and public-spirited young men of this
locality.
Miss Macleay has been visitine Mr. and
Mr.-. F. S. Moody at Burlingame, and,
strange to say, though whiie she was con
tinually in Mr. Grant 1 ! company, the an
nouncement of their engagement yester
day was a perfect surprise. Miss Macleay
is at present at her father's home at Port
land, Oregon.
It was not astonishing that Miss Adeline
Mrs. Will Speed, Formerly Miss Thema Dlckcnson, Whose Marriage
Was Quietly Celebrated Yesterday.
Mills' engagement to Mr. Holcomb should
astonish her many friend?. Miss Mills,
accompanied by her sister and her brother]
Edgar Mills, has been fnr the past few
weeks visiting friends in Washington, and
it is there that she met her fiancee, Chester
Hoicomb, a member of the Chinese lega
tion. Mi«s Mills is the Hdest daughter of
the "ate Edgar Mills, tbe wealthy Sacra
mento banker, and niece of D. 6. Mills.
She is a perfect type of blonde, tall, hand
some and aristocratic. Society possesses
but little charm for the heiress, and her
lite has always been a auiet ana unosten
tatious one.
The encasement of this fortunate young
couole is to oe a very short one. No date
has yet been set for the wedding, which
will be solemnized in Washington proba
bly in the course of a month or six weeks.
Miss Minnie IJradbury, daughter of
Mrs. Simona M. Bradbury of Los Angeles,
and Isaac Hilliard Pop© were married
THE PROPOSED ODD FELLOWS' COLUMBARIUM FOR THE ASHES OF THE DEAD.
{Reproduced from the plans of Cahill <fc Condon, architects.]
j yesterday at noon at the residence of the
bride's mother, on O'Farrell street, near
Gough, Rev. Father AicSweeney officiat
ing. The fair bride is one of Los Angeles'
millionaire heiresses and has been spend
ing the winter with her mother and family
in this City.
Although only relatives and intima'e
friends were invited to the wedding, elab-
J orate preparations had been made for
that happy event. The house was pro
fusely ornamented with flowers, Easter
lines and Niphetos roses predominating.
Miss Louise Bradbury Biid Miss Mary
I Vertlon officiated as bridesmaids and
James Winston was best man. Two tiny
I maids, the Misses Marion and Louise
j Winston, dressed as little flower-eirls, led
i the bridal procession. Mrs. Bradbury
I gave the bride away.
The bride wore an eleeant gown of
j white satin, covered with tulle. The cor
[ sage waa trimmed with Brussels point. A
I wreath of orange blossoms and a sunburst
[ of diamonds fastened the bridal veil to
j the coiffure.
The bridesmaids were attired alike in
j dotted Swiss gowns, trimmed with Valen
j ciennes lace. Mias Bradbury's diess was
worn over a yellow silk foundation and
Miss Verdon's over green.
Mr. and Mrs. Pope left last evening lor
a bridal trip, keeping their deatination a
profound secret.
ROMANCE OF TWO CITIES.
Miss Dlckenson of San Francisco
and Mr. Speed of Nashville
Unite Their Claims.
A romantic marriage, which was a great
surprise to the young lady's friends, took
place in this City yesterday. One of the
contracting persons was Miss Thama
Dickenson of this City, daughter of Dr.
Dickenson of Santa Rosa, and grand
daughter of Dr. Johnßon, one of the pio
neers of San Jose, who was owner of an
immense area of land in the Pan Joaquin
Valley, and was a relative of ihe late Gov
ernor Burnett.
The groom was William K. Speed of
Nashville, Term., a distant cousin of the
bride. It seems the young people met for
the first time last fall, while conferring as
joint heirs in regard to a great estate that
their attorneys assure them they will have
no difficult}' in getting.
Part of the property consists of real
estate in St. Louie, worth many millions of
dollars. The gigantic Union depot, the
greatest in the world, constructed of solid
granite and covering many acres, i& on a
part 01 this land.
There is a large amount of other prop
erty in the big Missouri city, as well as in
other pans of the country. The young
people made common cause, with no
thought of love, but the unexpected hap
pened and almost within a few days the
engagement was made. They were united
in marriage yesterday at the residence of
Arch bishop Riordan. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Father Mulligan.
Only immediate relatives were present.
The parlors were handsomely decorated
with Easter lilies.
Mr. Speed is a grandson of the late Dr.
Joseph Nash McDowell of St. .Louie. Mo.
The happy couple left on the overland
train immediately afier the ceremony on
an extended honeymoon trip and are not
expected in California until late in the
summer. The Nashville Centennial will
be included in the travels of Mr. and Mrs.
Speed.
Aildvcm Upon City Government,
Under the auspices of the Epworth League
J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Merchants'
Association, will speak next Thursday even
ing, April 2-2, upon 'The Principles of Munici
pal Government." Tne lecture will be in
Grace Church, Twenty-first and Capp streets,
and will discuss the subject of municipal gov
ernment in both America and Europe. The
question of municipal charters will be fully
explained.
PLACE FOR FIVE
THOUSAND URNS
A Classic Temple for the
Ashes of the
Dead.
It Will Be Erected by the Odd
Fellows Near Their
Crematory.
Cahill & Condon Have Made Plans
lor a Beautiful Struct
ure.
On Sunday the board of directors of the
I. O. O. F. Cemetery Association adopted
plans for their new columbarium. The
plans were prepared by Cahill & Condon,
architects, wlio were directed to proceed
with the details for immediate con
struction. The structure will be original
and unique in design and will cost about
$150,000.
The ground pian of the columbarium
shows a circular building, carrying the
outer dome intersected at the four cardi
nal points by rectangular wings. Between
these four wings are four quadrants formed
by outer walls, concentric with the inner
wall, but running up only as high as two
stories. Inside of the main circular wall
is a series of eight piers, carrying with
them two galleries or arcades on their
outer periphery and leaving on the inner
circumference a spacious rotunda, clear
from the floor to the lantern dome. In
this way the building becomes divided in
to well-denned portions — ceutral rotunda,
main galleries, wings and quadrants.
Standing on the mosaic floor under the
mellowing light of the great stained glass
window in the dome overhead, no one
will be conscious of the vast number of
niches in the galleries and wings around
him to be at some time stored with the
ashes of thousands of the dead. This im
pression is much enhanced by the use of
heroic materials. On the gallery parapets
stationary urns will be set, forming a part
of the architectural scheme of the ro
tunda. These will be of alabaster and
bronze, while the mortuary tablets below
will be of white Italian marble. The main
stairway will be of marble and bronze and
the entire floor of colored marble mosaic.
The niches wiJl be of cement, varying in
size, and ranging along the brick wall,
one above another, in not more than live
rows. The niches will be framed in light
bronze, with doors In front, or they may
be Jelt open or covered with marble slabs
to suit the taste of the purchaser. It will
be possible to buy groups of niches of any
number required and have them ail cov
ered with one comprehensive tablet, on
which may be engraved any device or in
scription "the owner chooses. There will
be great variety in the size and position of
niche space. Where available, space has
been reserved on the exterior of the build
ing, in the front pilasters, in the vestibule,
and in the columns of the rotunda. These
spaces will be disposed of at higher rates,
according to their isolation and promi
nence.
The whole exterior of the building will
be tinished in artificial stone of the light
est color possible. The desien is Italian
renaissance in character, and similar in
feeling ana motive to the crematorium,
which wa3 designed by Architect Cahlli.
The whole interior, including the galle
ries, arcade, rotunda and roof trusses, will
be constructed of light steelwork, espe
cially designed by Daniel E. Condon, the
well-known expert on building construc
tion and the designer of all steelwork
forming the skeleton of the City Hall
tower dome.
A DESPEKATE STRUGGLE.
At 1230 Marfcet street yesterday was a scene
never to be forgotten. Police were at a loss
how to handle the immense mob. which tried
all day to get into tne Paragon Cloak and
Suit Company. From the way goods have gone
this sale will last a lew days only. *
PENNY PUECHASING WIND-UP.
Indignant Victims Maka Thin es Lively
for Mrs. Assinann.
Three hundred indignant women, in
person or represented by husbands or
brothers, eathered last night in tbe resi
dence of Mrs. Assmann.at 910 Washington
street, to behold the winding up of Penny
Purchasing Clubs A, B and C, and inci
dentally to wind themselves ud for bein s
duped.
Mr. Gildea presided as chairman of the
meeting and appointed Messrs. Wall,
Gearhard and Colonel Busli as acorn
f"«ttee to investigate the affairs of the
club. \\all declined after stating his
reason tnat h6 was going to sue Mrs.
Assmann to recover the money paid to her
by his wife.
Mrs. Assmann refused lo deliver up her
books, on the plea that they were not
ready, and her victims readily agreed to
accept 25 cents on every doilar they rut
in. It was said that Mrs Assmann col
lected $3000 trom her victims, and that she
had only $700 left to pay them off last
night.
I if<- in Washington.
At the lecture by Judge Morrow at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium next
Thursday evening admission will be by com
plimentary card, which may i>e secured|at the
oflice of the association, Mason and Kllia
streets. A lew seats will be reserved, but the
number will be limited.
REMODELING THE CODE.
The Commissioners Sleet and Will
First Take Up Election
Statutes.
T. W. H. Shanahan, A. Caminetti and
Mr. Bulla of Los Angeles, the three Code
Commissioners lately appointed by Gov
ernor Budd, met yesterday and formu
lated a plan of procedure. They agreed
to take up the Political Code first for
amendment and revision. Each member
will, as Mr. Shanahan said last night,
carefully examine into and consider what
should be done, and at me meetings
which will occur once a month will sub
mit them.
They will remold, amend and expunge
as seems requi>ite. The Tolitical Code,
as Mr. Sbanuhan explains, is in a bat
jumble. Decisions and conflicting stat
utes have accumulated, and now unity
and harmony are to be brought oat of the
whole. If when the Legislature meets it
has confidence in the recommendations of
the commission it can act at once and
simplify its political Jaws.
The commission appointed a secretary
and will keep right at work.
LIQUOR MEN AT WAR.
Wholesalers aud Rntailers DUtgree
About Warehouses.
There is consternation amone retail
liquor dealers and a pretty s;ood prospect
of hard feeling against the wholesalers of
this City, because there is a movement
among wholesalers to have the Govern
ment abolish its bonded warehouses here.
"Forty-nine wholesalors have signed a
petition to the Internal Revenue Com
missioner of tue United States, "said John
VV. Morgan yesterday, "wherein they ask
that the bonded warehouses in San Fran
cisco be closed. Their plea is that the
warehouses are being u«ed by merchants
and liquor dealers as storehouses, greatly
to the detriment of the Goverment. They
are making a concerted effort to close
them. They would then have the trade
at their mercy, everj'thing coming their
way.' 1
The contention of the retailers is that
the present system is all right, as it en
ables the retailer to buy his own spirits
and sell "straight poods," whereas it is
claimed the closing of the warehouses
would leave retailers wholly at the mercy
of the wholesale trade.
• — ♦ — • — ,
Baggage Transferred to Trains, Steamers
Also moved in the City.
Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor street and 650 Market street.*
• — ♦ — •
TO HONOR QUEEN VICTORIA.
The Diamond Jubilee Committee la
at Work.
The committee of arrangements that
has in charge the Queen's diamond jubilee
celebration is making nrogress and will
soon be able to announce in detail the
programme of the events of the 19th and
21st of June.
At an informal meeting yesterday it
was decided to meet again to-morrow at
Scottish Hall to make hnal arrangements.
The committee has already engaged the
grounds at the Chutes for the afternoon
and night of the 19:h. The day pro
gramme will consist of literary exerci«es
and music, with Scottish games and
dances, in the main pavilion. In the
evening there will be tableaux, music and
a grand bail. Outside there will be fire
works and an illumination of theerounds
On Monday, the 21st, there will ba a
eranri banquet downtown.
SEW TO-DAY.
OUR ~~~
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Full of QUALITY.
Operating -i oo stores.
That is why our
stronghold is
::: ' ::: -ODAUTY.
Great American Importing Tea Ga.
MONEY SAVING STORES.'
140 Sixth, st. . 325 Hayes st.
965 Market at. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 HI I more st.
617 Kearny at. 3005 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st. *
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery arc
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Saventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEOA— 1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St.. S. f.
Writfj Man Vegetal Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have usjd Uiem for over forty years to cure.
S CX HKADACHE, ■ GIDDI.SKS-., C^STIPa
TIO.N, 'JorpW JLlver.Wealc stomach, fimples aad
purify the b100d. .. ■ ; ; H ."™
Grossiai'sSpeciliirs
WHh tuts remedy uer»ons tan run. n,
without the least Vxposur\ c h a^e or'S* v «
change in applicaion to business Th* J?lSi' . r
contains nothing that is of the least injur^^'l! 0
co^tuutiou. Aanyourorugglat a*T%&,sl